PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.— NO. 97.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
STRANGLER AWAITING VICTIMS
IN SHADOWS OF TWIN PEAKS
ATTEMPTS TO THROTTLE GIRL
Continued on Page Two.
1'EDERAL TROOPS FIGHT ~" \
FORCES OF CHIEF LEON
MERIDA, Yucatan. March 6.— An en
gagement of Federal troops and the still
warlike Mayas, commanded by ChicC
Leon. Is' reported,' in which the rebels lost
eighty killed and 150 wounded. The en
counter took place on the road to Guate
mala, near Santa Cruz and Peten.
HARVARD UNIVERSITY .
* HONORS PRINCE HENRY
Confers the Degree of Doctor of Laws
and Receives Gifts From the
Emperor.
¦ BOSTON, March ',6.-Prince " Henry of
Prussia' was' the /guest of Boston to-day
and his welcome to^the city was a cordjal
one. Governor. Crane and Mayor Collins,
acting; for. the State *and the-.city, ex
tended the official courtesies to him, and
when the Prince ceremoniously received
their calls he went to Cambridge ¦ to de-
Royal Salute Is Fired.
v/as hot delayed by flood . or storm and
made the time planned for it by the rail
way men. It halted for a few moments
at Springfield, but not at Worcester. Bos
ton was reached at 9:35 o'clock, and as
soon as the special halted in South 1 sta
tion Mayor Collins and a delegation of
city, officials boarded the train and were
Introduced to the Prince by Kmbassador
von . Holleben. There* was an exchange
of greetings, ' and the Prince, his staff
and the members of the American escort
were shown; to carriages awaiting at the
driveway of the station. Escorted by
cavalrymen and ' naval militiamen, the
party; was driven to the Hotel Somerset.
The people were packed in behind^ the
police lines and every. building^ was crowd
ed.'-. Flags and ; streamers • hung over the
heads' of the thousands. . ¦'
The Prince wore his naval uniform and
acknowledged the' greetings ." with his
POPE LEO RECEIVES GIFT
FROM EMPEROR WILLIAM
ROME, March 6.— The Pope 'to-day re
ceived a number of extraordinary mis
sions sent to congratulate him • on his
jubilee. They brought costly gifts and
autograph letters from the heads of. the
states they represented. Emperor Wil
liam sent in a porcelain clock. His
Holiness, in thanking the German envoy,
referred to the friendship existing be
tween Germany and the Vatican, and
said he congratulated himself on the good
relations existing between Emperor Wil
liam and his* Catholic subjects.
Husband's Stranga Passing.
"Walsh never reappeared, and the deso
late, wife firmly believed up to the time
of her sad death that he had met with foul
play. When he left the little home he
carried with him a considerable sum of
money with which to pay part of » the
mortgage. '
Mrs. Walsh worked- hard after the
mysterious passing of. her hushand and
contrived to pay off the debt on her
home and to maintain herself in com
parative comfort*
There have been suggestions that the
woman was murdered before the blaze
started, but this can hardly be deter
mined unless a fracture of the skull is
discovered by the autopsy surgeon, this
being about, the only portion in the re
mains not charred beyond recognition.
The inquest will be held to-morrow. ; '
f Hto AN .RAFAEL, March . 6.—
iL-^ ••You know I live alone.,
'^^fek There are reasons why I. am
/l Jh puspioious of certain persons.;
h| ' . Now, if anything happens to
me. please have my cruci
fixes buried with me."* • •
This was the strangely significant state
ment made a short time ago . by Mrs.
3£ary Walsh, the aged woman who per
ished In the Incendiary fire that destroyed
her home here last night.
The remark was addressed to an inti
mate triend of Mrs. Walsh and was not
fceriously considered at the time. But
vlien associated with the positive evi
dence of the crime of arson, the indica
tions of robbery and the probability that
inurder was committed In the house be
fore the torch began Its destruction, it
has furnished material of sensational im
port.
• POLICE OFFICIALS ACTIVE.
The police authorities have been busy
a.il day in a search for the murderer, who,
it is confidently believed. Is a member of
the gang of firebugs and burglars that
has- terrorized this section of the county
for many months. The officers have so
far been unsuccessful, and their investi
gation of the premises has afforded them
iiothing very tangible in the nature of a
clew.
The fire was discovered half an hour
before midnight and an alarm. was given
•with all promptitude, but not .early
enough to enable the department to save
the light wooden dwelling. The woman's
l>edroom was entered, however, but she
¦was not found there. Subsequently \ her
partly burned body was located near the
rear^door, through which she had evi
dently endeavored to escape.
EVIDENCE OF ROBBERY.
The Coroner of Marin County made an
txamlnation of the premises early -this
ttxreing'. Between the mattresses on
Mrs. Walsh's bed-he found a purse and
a small cloth sack containing altogether
?2J0 in gold coin. _There were a few coiii3
of small denomination scattered about on
a bureau, and on the flodr of the room
was an empty sack similar in size and
appearance to that fouYid under the mat
tress. It is -thought that this latter sack
may have been emptied by some Intruder,'
v.ho afterward fired the building "to de
stroy evidence of. his crime. .' '."
The bed clothing was In disorder, indi
cating that Mrs. Walsh had retired some
time after her attendance at the Catho
lic church early in the evening. On ono
of the chairs was a brass dinner bell and
a police whistle, -articles which seem to
lend additional color to the theory that
the elderly woman had doubts about her
safety. There were many papers in the
loom, but they, contain nothing of im
portance to aid the police.
SHERIFF pN A TRAIL.
At an early hour this morning Sheriff
Taylor mounted a fast horse and started
on a ride which may have a result In the
apprehension of the incendiary. The
Sheriff: did not make known the cause- of
his sudden departure, but it is safely
conjectured that he is in possession of
Important information as to the Identity
and whereabouts of the miscreant who
committed the double crime/
The husband. of Mrs. Walsh .was. a
sailor, who with his wife came- here
many years ago and purchased a house
on Trainor street; paying part cash and
taking a mortgage for the balance. Walsh
was a young man then, and proposed to
quit , the sea and reside here ¦ permanently!,
He obtained employment, and worked
conscientiously for a'short time.,. "
Then" came a morning,, but Walsh
didn't come with it. His employers wait
ed, and then went to see Mrs. Walsh. She
marveled . as much as they did, for she
had not seen her husband for a couple of
days.
"Can't we have a drink?" I Bald, "I don"',
keep liquors." "Well, haven't you soda watir
or ringer ale?" I was thoroughly frightened
by, his manner and pushed a bottle of soOa
water -toward him. hcplnc he would take it ar*l
leave. He. asked. "Where Is yours?" I ealJ.
"Why, I -don't, care for any^; and a look
anger came Into his eyes that was fiendish.
Just then a girl came Into ths bakery and tho
stranger drank the soda water from the bottla
and left.
Presently I saw him standing across the
street by Kyar.'a and I became very unease,
thoush I . was no longsr alone. When the
Falkenberg girl was leavlns, I said, "Maud, if
a stransrer tries to sr>eak to you on the way
home, hurry alone or stop In somewhere and
don't have anything to do with him."
Mrs. Thompson describes the man aa
large and rather heavily built, with a
dark, sallow complexion and dark mus
tache. He wore a light colored ovetccat
and a derby hat. Mrs. Thompson 13 su;a
he didn't have a cast in one eye.
The attack was not reported to* the
police till yesterday, when Courtney, the
grocer, telephoned to police headquarters
about it.
choicest salute. When the carriage
reached the common a royal salute was
fired.
At the Somerset the Prince, surrounded
by his staff in full uniform, received Gov
ernor Crane, who came with an equally
brilliant staff, and when the call* was
ended the Prince started at once for th^
State House to return the courtesy. There
v.as another demonstration on that jour
ney. After he had paid his respects t)
Governor Crane he entered the House of
Representatives.where the Legislature wa*
in session, and was presented from tho
forum by President Soule of the Senate.
Leaving the chamber he : was shown thu
battle flags carried by the regiment3 of
the State in the Civil War. After that
he re-entered his carriage and was driven
to the public library, where he returned
the call of Mayor Collins.
Pi Courtney, half a block up Eighteenth
street, and had told of the attack there.
Her father, a carpenter, employed by Ma
honey Bros., was In a nearby barber shop.
He was sent for and went • back -toward',
the bakery With Maud to look for the
assailant, but the fellow had made good
his escape. ¦¦',¦''-..Vr.V'
- The bruises left on the girl's neck by
;the ruffian's. fingers are still visible.
j Mrs. Thompson . is able to give a fairly
good 'description of f the> man and would
be able to recognize him If he should be
arrested. . .About 7:30 o'clock he- came Into
the bakery' and said He wanted to . tele
phone. Mrs. Thompson, who was alone,
went about her work In a rear room, but
; became alarmed when she did not hear
the • stranger . talking. Fearing that he
might be bent, on robbery, she stepped
into the front room " and the stranger
came out of the telephone booth and said
the line was busy. Mrs. Thompson's
story of what subsequently happened fol
lows : J
Frightens Woman.
Coming toward me with a leer, he aaked.
KESIDENCE OF THE AGED VICTIM OF A SAN RAFAEL INCENDIARY. *AS IT APPEARED BEFORE THE FIRE
WHICH DESTROYED HER LIFE ON WEDNESDAY NIGHT, AND A SCENE. 'OF THE RUINS AFTER THE
FLAMES HAD BEEN EXTINGUISHED, ...
-LITTLE GIRL. WHO WAS ATTACKED. BY A MYf5TEniOL"S STRANGER
' .WHILE RETURNING HOME FROM AN ERRAND LAST SATURDAY
NIGHT NEAR TWIN Pi^AKS. " vZ' * •
7H ffl AUD I'^LKENIiERG, a/li
/ra /m\ year-old girl, v/ho lives'' at
/ H/Hl 40^* 8cvcntecntn street,' was
/ v Jh Httackf;fl Saturday night. at
-A f JaL Eighteenth a r.dNoe Btreefs
by an unknown man,' whose
actions in -that vicinity had.- already
aroused suspicion. The ruffian sprang
from the shadow of a butfding and
seized the child by the 'throat. She
twisted from his grasp and gave a pierc
ing scream as she turned tp. run. Her. as
sailant sprang nfter her and' reached for
her hair, blowing in the wind, but caught
her hat instead, which came off iri his
clutch. The girl's little brother and a lit
tle fellow who makes his home with the
Falkenbergs added their screams to thoss
of the terrified girl and tho stranger fled
along Eighteenth street, tossing ' . the
girl's hat into a vacant lot as he. ran. ¦ ...
There is every reason tp believe that
the man was also the assailant. of Miss
Molly Downes, the telephone, girl, who was
attacked by a would-be. strangler an hour
later on the same stormy nisht at
Eighteenth street and San Carlos avenue,"
only five blocks* away. .
Intended Victim.
Mrs. Falkenberg had sent Maud to a
bakory run by Mrs. Mary Thompson at
Eighteenth and .Noe streets about 8
o'clock. The little boys went with , her.
Mrs. Thompson cautioned her^ to hurry
home, as she had seen a man who had
been in the bakery half an hour before
still loitering on the other side of the
street. In a few moments the child came
back, hatless and weeping hysterically
and said that the man had tried to choke
her and had chased her down the street.
She had run at first to the g'rocery of G.
liver the gifts of his brother, Kaiser Wil
liam, to the German museum and receive
from Harvard the honorary degree of
doctor of laws. .
Prince Henry's first act at Harvard
Union shortly after he/ received .the l de
gre-e was to propose and lead three cheers
for President Roosevelt, * who is a Hcr r
vard'. alumnus. The Prince received, a
cablegram from the Emperor congratu
lating him on. his newest honor.
To-night the Prince was .given, a din
ner by the city of Boston and sat at a
table with' more than 200 representative
citizens of; the .commonwealth.- He will
resume his journey early, in the morning,
and to-morrow he will visit Albany, and
the United States Military. Academy : at
West Point en, route to. New York,' which
he will reach. Friday evening. ':} V'H"
Bright sunlight" favored the day arid
the streets arid • avenues were
The special train which carried the Prlncu
¦ -. -— ¦
Thought to Be Man
Who Assailed Miss
uownes.
Frightens Woman and
. Attacks Child of ;
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
'BERLIN, March 6.— The Call's corre
spondent is informed from a trustworthy
source that the ultimate object of Prince
Henry's visit to Washington is to bring
about an agreement;. by which' Germany
will be permitted to maintain a large
fleet in Caribbean waters to serve for the
protection of German settlers and prop
erty rights imperiled by frequent revolu
tions in South American republics. In
official correspondence "the fleet of Ger
man warships assembled at La Guayra
is styled as that of an American sta
tion.
Captain Siege of the -Vineta has just
received the title of commodore, and will
be commander of the South American
fleet, henceforth flying his own ensign.
Although the fleet was sent to Vene
zuela ouly for the enforcement of the
rights guaranteed to German capital and
interests, it alread-y consists of five ves
sels, and it is intended to steadily increase
this number.
A difficult issue Is the. acquisition of a
repair dock and coaling:, .station. The
hope is entertained here that no objection
will be made to the maintenance of the
fleet in the West Indies because it is in
tended to be entirely for defensive pur
poses and not to acquire territory.
NO COVEHT DESIGNS.
; It is claimed that the representations
of Prince Henry and Embag?ado^ i .von,
Holleben l Kave'"ObhvihVecl~thT r bnic:aisTat
Washington that- no covert designs -are
entertained. 'Protection is desired espe
cially because the Berlin Government now
undertakes the task of directing the Ger
man migration movement to South
America. Heretofore the work had been
performed by the Hanseatic League and
Colonial, sections. The bureau is at the
home office, of which Count von Bulow
is the ex-ofllcio presiding officer. It is
mainly intended to induce German emi
grants to settle in German colonies, or if
they cannot be induced to g'o there, to
settle in South America, where home tics
are still preserved. The director of this
bureau was for many years a' Consul
General in South America, and was i spe
cially choKcn for this task.
Jt is stated that the German financiers
who conotructcd the Vc'riozuokin railway,
which is the subject of pending ncgot a
lions between Germany and President
Caatro'8 Government, am anxious to dis
pose of their property to American Inves
tors.
Theso financiers are represented in New-
York by Kuhn, Locb & Co., The claim is
made that Germany ia not in a position
to offer adequate protection to German
capital and investment In South America
and that the Great Northern Venezuelan'
Railway might fare bettor in tho hands
of United States capitalists.
CHANGE IN GERMAN , POLICY.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March C— No
objection will be made by this Govern
ment to the maintenance by Germany. .of
the fleet in American waters, but there
would be decided' opposition to her ac
quisition of a coaling and repair station
in the Western Hemisphere.
If tho ultimate object of Prince Hen
ry's visit be the acquisition of a. coaling
station in American waters, then there
has been officially a distinct change in the
policy of the German Government. When
Embassador von Hplleben returned last
November from his visit to Berlin he
called -upon President Roosevelt and
gave him the most positive assurances
that Emperor William had no intention
of extending German sovereignty over a
portion 'of the Western Hemisphere. After
his call upon President Roosevelt the
Embassador made a statement to The
Call correspondent, in the course of which
he said: ' .
"I de-sire to state emphatically that
Germany has never for an instant enter
tained the idea of establishing her sov
ereignty over any territory in this hem
isphere, and the attitude of my Govern
ment establishes that no such design will
ever be contemplated."
At the same time the United States au
thorities have never lost sight' of the pos
sibility of German acquisition of a naval
station in American waters. It was to
prevent any embarrassments arising that
the- United," States purchased the Danish
West Indies.
The United States Will
Never Consent to
Sch em e
Change in the Policy
Very Recently
Expressed. .
Kaiser Desires Base
for Assembling
Fleet.
SEEKING
. COALING
STATION
ULTIMATE OBJECT OF PRINCE HENRY'S VISIT TO WASHINGTON
IS TO SECURE A FOOTHOLD ON CONTINENT FOR GERMAN SHIPS
WORDS OF INCENDIARY'S VICTIM
ADD MYSTERY TO THE HORROR
OF THE SAN RAFAEL TRAGEDY
Some Evidence Found
Thai Points to
Robbery./
Mrs. Mary Walsh Tells
Friends About
Enemies.
Special* Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From Page One.
,- LONDON, March 6.— According to tho
text of the International sugar convention
lRSued to-night by the British Foreign
Olllco, Great, IJrltnin agrees during tno
contlnuanco of tho r convention to ' re
frain from paying bounties, directly or In
directly on . sugar grown In crown col
onlon nnd not to glvo preferential treat
ment to colonial ttugnr against augur
Imported from foreign countrioa. .
DENVER, March C— Miss Roberta
Wright, daughter of the Mayor of Den
ver, to-day, answered a committee of pro
hibitionists who waited on her last week
with' a petition to uso mineral water in
ntead of "champagne when sho christens
tho cruiser- Denver next April. Tho an-
Hwer was short and to the point.
"I have been brought up to believe In
temperance," said Miss , Wright, "but—
wall,, a bottle of mineral water wouldn't
have much' significance, so If it Is left to
me I am decided, that the christening of
the' Denver shall tuke pluce in the con-
England Will Show No Preference.
Boat Wants No Mineral
Water.
Young Lady Who Is to Christen tho
>VINE WILL SPLASH
ON THE DENVER'S BOW
"It cannot do othorwlso," replied Presi
dent Eliot," and the good feeling rests on
common stock, on common motives ¦ and
idcnlB, nnd many of the Gorman idouln
will doubtless bo nxprpsned In this col
lection In the workn of nrt which your
BovprolRn in Rolnff to exhibit hero In Cam
bridge for centuries to come,"
After thl«, escorted by cnvnlry, the
Prlnco wus driven back to tho Hotel Som
erset. •
The Prince handed to President Eliot a
large portfolio of photographs of German
monuments and other places of German
architecture.
The Prince caused a general laugh us
he spoke to President Eliot and placed
the gift in his keeping by saying aside to
Putnam: "I think perhaps they would
be-in the safest hands with you." H«
Immediately added: "No offense to you "
Addressing himself to Putnam, ho then
added: "It is meant for the welfare of
course of the nation as well as for the
unlverMty," and this remark brought
forth generous applause.
President Eliot responded npproprlately
and returned tho university's- thanks -for
tho gift. .When 'President Eliot had
stopped Bpeaklnsr Prlnco Henry said 1
"1 hopo it will promotes good fooling be
tween the two nations.'" •
Allow me in a few words to thank you for
the kindness which you have shown We here
and to tell you that the' United States has
been closely watched from the other side dur-*
ing the last year. We are aware of the mar
velous Industry which has brought your
country to 'lta position, and we . also,
are aware of the existence of the Ger
manic Museum Association, and especially
his Majesty, the German Emrieror, ' my
brother . and sovereign, whom I | have the
honor to represent here, kept his eye upon it.
He has ordered me to hand over to you these
photos of reproductions of monuments, which
are going to be reproduced in casts. The work
If I may Bay it, Ik Just in its first Htagee. The
casts are now being made and it will be about
four months before the German Emperor is
able to send them and put them In your hands.
May I not then offer these to you, President
Eliot? ,
When the Prince and President Eliot
had met Professor nnd Mrs. Munsterberg
they were conducted into . the library,
where stood Henry W. Putnam, chairman
of the board of directors of the Germanic
Museum. He addressed tho%Prlnce, and
in response Prince Henry said:
Gift to the Museum.
The trophy room was visited, and the
mementoes were explained to him. Soon
the carriages were driven for the home
of .Professor Munsterberg. Here Prince
Henry found many men and women of
his own nationality and decorations in
the German s,tyle.
Murray was Indicted with Alexander
Sullivan and others for conspiring to keep
out of the State Former Bailiff James J.
Lynch, under indictment for jury-bribing
In personal injury cases against the West
Chicago Street Hallway Company. Sulli
van, who was attorney for the traction
company, was recently convicted on the
testimony of. Lynch, who had returned
after more than a year In hiding, and
turned State's evidence. Sullivan's case
has been appealed. Murray's connection
with the conspiracy case was that he
acted as a go-between for Lynch and
Sullivan, according to the former's testi
mony.
staff about the effect of a wrong: move
ment of the body upon -a racing shell.
After «£>r. Sargent's illustration the Prince
said: "I have an opportunity to toll
them, 'I told you' so.' "
CHICAGO, March 6.— In the Criminal
Court to-day George P. Murray pleaded
guilty to the charge of conspiracy to keep
a fugitive from justice out of the State
and was fined $500 and costs.
Small Fine.
Sullivan Is Allowed to Pay a
Alleged Accomplice of Alexander
GO-BETWEEN IN BBIBERY
CASE ADMITS HIS GUILT
The Prlnc? did not respond In upeech
to \h<» addrew «f the president, butnlmply
bowed nn acknowledgment. He was next
**cort«»d to lhe faculty .room, where h*>
mot the faculty and with hl« ntnff lunched
with them. Thl« w«« an entirely Informal
nffalr and nt It* conclusion the entire
party r»»«»ilrcd to th<» Hnrvnrd Union.
Thin building wad filled with HtudentB and
other represent Htlves «f colIrRlntp llf>.
Prlnco Henry, Admiral Evan*. and Prfttl
dml Eliot occupied seat* upon ono plat
form, while iir»on n second were Heated
Major II. L Illffglnson, tho donor of the
Given the Harvard Yell.
Now. therefore. In exercln"- of authority given
m* by the president and fellown nn<1 the board
r.t overworn, and. In the favoring presence of
Iht- friend* here nstiomb'ed. I create honorary
doctor of law* Albert William Hfnry. Prince
of Prunxla. nnd vice admiral, and In th<« name
of thld society of scholar* I declare that lie
1» entitled to th* rights and privileges pertain
ing to thiN rtipn i- and that hl« nan* in to 1>«
forever borne on Its roll of honorary members.
We gladly welcome here to-day a worthy rep
resentative of German greatness, worthy in
station, profession and 'character. We see in
him. however, pomethlng more than the rep
resentative of a (superb nationality aod *tn Im
perial rul»r. ITnlvcrnltlen have long memo
ries. Forty year* aro the American Union
vii In deadly peril and thousands of its young
men were bleeding and dying for It. / It Is
credibly renortod thnt at a very critical mo
ment, the Queen of England «aid to her Prime
Minister: "My Ixjrd, you must understand that
I rhnll sign no paper which means war with
the Ignited States." j The grandson of that 11
lurtrlous woman f« Kitting with u« here.
An university men we feel the immense
weight of obligation under which America
rents to the technical schools and universi
ties of the German fatherland. From them
thousands of racer American students have
drawn Instruction and Inspiration and taken
example. At this moment hundreds of Ameri
can teachers who call tsomc German university
their footer mother are at work In echoola, col
leges and universities nil the way from this
Icy neacoaxt to the hot Philippines.
Our men of letters and Fcience know well
the unparalleled contributions Germany haw
made since the middle of the nineteenth cen
tury to pure knowledge and also to science ap
plied in the new arts and industries which
within fifty years have bo marvelously changed
the relations of man to nature.-
Our whole people have the profoundest sym
pathy with the unification of Germany. .We
all believe in a great union of federated states,
bound together by a common language, by
unrestricted mutual trade, by common cur
rency, malls, means of communication, courts
of Justice and institutions of credit and finance,
and itifpired by a passionate patriotism. Such
1* the venerable union, ruch the German Em
pire.
In watching the social and ethnological phe
nomena of our own tlme«. we have seen that
the largtrt contribution which a European poo
l>\* made In the nineteenth century to the pop
ulation of the United States came from Ger
many, and that the German quota was not only
the moct numerous, but the best educated.
This occasion is unique. Twice in the his
tory of the university has a special academic
session been held to do honor to the President
of the United -States, making a progress
through the country, but never before lias this
democratic university been called together on
purpose to do honor to a foreign l'rince.
"Weighty reasons must have determined such
unprecedented action on the part of this soci
ety of scholars. These are the reason^: Our
students of history know the Teutonic sources.
In the dim pas=t. of many institutions and pub
lic customs which have been transmitted
through England to this new England.
. The Puritan origin of the university makes
us hold In grateful reraembranc. the heroes of
l'roteKtitnUt<m — Luther. Melancthon. Erasmus
end their kindred spirits — and the German
J*rinces who upheld that precious cause
through long years of confused alarms and
cruel warfare. The Puritan government of.
Massachusetts followed anxiously the vicissi
tudes of the thirty years' war, and was in the
habit of ordering public thanksgiving to God
for "good now* from Germany."
At the university he was first taken to
Memorial Hall, where ne met the cor
poration of the college, and then to San
ders Theater, where the degree was con
ferred. President Eliot, who appeared In
scholar's gown, addressed the Prince as
follows:
President Eliot's Address.
Thirty-five veterans who fought with
nip grandfather in the Franco-Prussian
? ar were presented at the library, and
the Prince shook hands with them all
and asked them Questions.
The ceremony at the library over, the
Prince returned to the Somerset, and
after a short wait there started for Cam
bridge. Mayor McNamee gave him the
freedom of the city of Cambridge and the
fachool children sang for him at the City
Hall.
Henry. Prince of Prussia. Harvard Univer
sity. Cambridge: I congratulate you upon
receiving to-day the honorary degree of Har
vard University, the highest honor which
America can bestow. May the copies of ex
amples of German art and German civilization
which I transmit through you be to ' th" pro"
fcsBors as well as to the young academicians
an incentive throughout their lives and 'an
neprlnsr example In the pursuit , of German
ideals and In the Btrivlng for all that exalt"
and u. lastlne. WILLIAM.
Major Higginson then personally led in
a cheer for Emperor William and the
meeting was over.
jThe royal visitor was taken next under
the guidance of Major Higginson and
Prudent Eliot to the new architectural
building. Hero he was shown the draw
ings and paintings of the students and
examined them carefully. H e piled the
president with questions about them
There wns a half hour Interval before
the tlmo net for tho reception of the Ger
manic Mu»cum Asscoirttlon at tho resi
dence of Professor Hugo Munsterberg.
and thin tlmo wnB occupied with an In
spection of th« Hemenway gymnasium.
Here there were many student* at work;
cln . <1 u. tn u m r aBer . CO8tumo - T h« cheat
weights, horizontal bars and dumbbell ex
ercises attracted his attention and he
8*kod Dr. Sargent, the physical director
many questions about individual men
whom ho noticed among tho students ut
work. Tho Prlnco and his suite were
most Interested In the rowing mnchlnfs
Dr. Bargent norsonnlly ihowvd him the
mechanism of ono of the«ft mnchlnos and
pulled n few strokes upon it himself.
Princo Henry said that he had had nu
merous arguments with members of his
The Prince then' read in German the
cablegram, a correct translation of which
follows:
If I may speak again, Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen. I have thlB minute received a mes
page from the German Emperor. I don't know
if atnong you there are enough to understand
my language daughter and cries of "Oh yes")
I am not Joking, gentlemen, but the wording
of the telegram I .would prefer to give it as
It stands here. It is addressed to me
President Eliot now handed Prince
Henry a. cablegram, which he opened at
once. His face lighted up as he read its
rodents. He arose and said to President
Message From the Emperor.
These cheers were given with a will in
response to the Prince's suggestion, tho
,?'."*, , word ?. bel "S "Theodore Roose
velt followed by clapping of hands.
Director Franta then led In the song,
"Hard Luck for Old Eli." after which the
i}^?* 8 , an , ffln P 0 " 113 " ''The Wacht am
Rhpin, followed by "Fair Harvard"
again.
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: During my
short stay In Cambridge. I have found fully
all that I expected, except one thing, of which
I have heard sometimes. Where is your Har
vard indifference? (Cheers.)
I can only state the fact that I have met
with Just the contrary In your enthusiasm.
Btrenuousness and hlch idealism. To be sure.
If that Ib the real nentlment here. I had al
ready met the true Harvard spirit before I
came to Cambridge, when I met In Washing
ton that noble Harvard graduate who ha-j
brought honor alike to Harvard and to his
country. Let us not forget him In our gath
ering, and as I have been for two hours a
Harvard man myself (cheers), 1 propose in
true Harvard fashion three times three rahs
for Theodore Roosevelt
building; O. G. Frantz, the musical di
rector; President Richard Derby of the
junior class, who presided, and others.
When the Prince had seated himself
Director Frantz started "Fair Harvard."
The Prince intently read the words, which
were printed on the programme. Presi
dent Derby then addressed the Prince
briefly and Introduced Major L. Higgin
son, who delivered a short address
Major Higginson then turned to the
great body of students and said: "Now
Harvard students, our greeting to Em
peror William." and the Harvard yell was
vJmuH. w i th a long-drawn-out "Emperor
Will/! thrice repeated.
President Derby then Introduced R. C.
Boiling, who spoke for the general stu
dent body.
This completed the spoken welcome. R.
M. oreen, a student, read an appropriate
poem, to which Prince Henry paid close
attention. At Its close he extended con
graluattons and thanks to the young man
through President Eliot. Three long
cheers were then given, terminating in
the words "Prince Henry."
Prince Henry's face was a picture of
enjoyment as he arose to respond to the
felicitations. He read from manuscript
saying: " '
Asks Government for a
Hearing Before Tak
ing Action.
General Hughes Resumes
His Testimony Before
>; : ¦•:.;¦ Committee.
TACTICS ARE RETALIATORY.
General Otis Talks of the Torture of
, Samar Natives.
CHICAGO, March 6.— In commenting on
tho dispatches from Manila stating that
Major Waller and Lieutenant Day of th»
United States Marine Corps had been or
dered tried by court-martial on a charge
of executing natives of the island of Sa
mar without trial. General E. S. Otis,
commander of the Department of thV
Lakes, to-day expressed deep regret that
-soldiers had adopted what he called "evi
dently retaliatory tactics." He said' that
during his experience in command in tho
Philippines he had not been confronted
by anything of the kind. The- policy of,
the army, he said, was most humane.
He continued:
This appears to be revenge for tho massacn*
of the Ninth Infantry. Of course it is all
¦wrong. It seems to mo that th* messag*
must b« exaggerated. ' In all my experience
in the Islands I never had a case of this kind
Put American soldiers are smarting under tha
r<-memt>rance of th«- massacre. It Is probable '
this affair I* In retaliation for that. ' W#
treated the Filipinos with great' humanity
Lucban itirrnl tha tribes up In Samar. It
was unfortunate that the Taualos got into the
island. The tribes there were not Inclined
toward war." There Is In Samnr a particularly
cruel band called Moros. a band of robbers
They practice all manner of cruel tie i, and this
may be the result. I do not thlnlc there Is
anything about Samar to drive men crazy
The punishment may be death or long impris
0Dment -
BERLIN, March 6.— The directors of
the Sugar Manufacturers' Union, repre
senting 500 agricultural districts and the
allied industries, at a meeting to-day
drafted a petition to the Government re
o.uesting. that linal legislative steps as a
result of the Brussels sugar agreement
be not taken until the sugar Interests
have an opportunity of presenting a full
statement of their claims. ' .
l<'or the moment the question of first
importance in Germany is ,.the adhesion
of th6 Government to the international
sugar convention which was signed at
Brussels yesterday.
The Spectacle of the sugar kartels'
protits, umounting to 100,000,000 marks a
year, deliquescing Into nothingness, fas
cinates this immense community of money
makers. It has not by any means come to
the point of the downfall of the kartel,
as the combination of 400 raw and lifty
three reilned sugar manufacturers is
called, 4)ut the sugar Interest, deeply af
fecting as it does the agriculture of Cen
.tral Germany, is greatly disturbed and
fearful of what may happen. • -
The position of the Government Is that
nothing will happen except a healthy re
adjustment of production for the market
at home and abroad. '• " : • ' ¦ •
The National Society of Sugar Produ
cers seems inclined to resist the necessary
legislation.
The managers of the kartel are silent,
but If is quite probable they will yield to
the Government and to' the Irresistible
circumstances abroad.
Dr. Paaschc, the great sugar authority,
says that sugar producers are facing enor
mous overproduction. The visible supply
on August 1, he says, will be at least 2,
000,000 tons. ¦¦*¦¦•
WASHINGTON. March 6—General
Hughes gave further testimony before the
Senate Philippine . Committee to-day
Senator Patterson resumed his question
ing, which yesterday led to a sharp col
loquy in the- committee-room between the
witness and himself. In an endeavor to
establish the fact that the Filipino army
had. effectively held the. Spanish army
within Its lines in Manila previous to the
arrival. of the American forces, Patterson
referred to the surrender of 3000 Spanish
troops to the Insurrectory force In July
1898.. General Hughes said the Incident
would only make him believe that tho
, Filipinos had cut off the supplies from the
interior.-,
Senator Patterson quoted from a maga
zine article by General Merritt, published
jn July, 18 98, m which he spoke or tne
army-. under Aguinaldo, which, he said
had been an. important factor in the situ^
ation which confronted the United States
army and which had waged. a desultory
warfare against the Spanish, resulting in
the capture of 4000 prisoners. ,
Pattersom** modlfy your °Pln«°n?" asked
f«iw t J lt >?."'" sald Gener al Hughes, who
followed his answer with the question
sSdlMs?" 8tate tha r these .P rl3 oners we?e
"I presume he means soldiers," was
Patterson's response.
. It was brought out that most of the
§sr t r P e a n by the Fnipinos were not
Patterson again inquired as to the mo-
V~ e »°'i Genera °£ 3 , ln requiring the with,
drawal of Agu naldo's troops from Manila
to the line des gnated by General Merritt
Senator Beveridge objected, saying It was
e^imis'meant? 611 " 21 HUgheS What Gen!
Will Investigate the Charges.
WASHINGTON. March 6.-The Indian
Committee of the House to-day selected
a sub-committee consisting of Sherman
of New York, Lacey of Iowa, Burke of
South Dakota. Fitzgerald of New York
nnd. Little of Arkansas to investigate
charges made against certain Indian offi
cials during the recent debate upon the
Indian appropriation bill.' The investiga
tion will cover the charges made against
F '\ C i Nard «"- superintendent of "be
pchool at Mount Pleasant. Mich., and
the cause of the retirement of -ex-Senator
McConnel from the service. " ,'T-. 0 .
1OBI> ALFRED DOUGLAS
WEDS COLONEL'S DAUGHTER
London Society Puzzled by Two An
nouncements in One Column :)
¦ of Newspapers. - ;. .
LONDON, March 6.— Two announce
ments In the same. column of the news
papers here to-day are causing much
comment. One reads: .
"The marriage arranged between George
Charles Montagu, M. P., and-Miss-Cus
tance .will .not occur."
The other says: ¦ Lord Alfred Douglas
was married to Miss Olive Custance on
Tuesday at St. George's Church, Hanover.
Square. The marriage was extremely
qulot. Lady Edith Fox-Pitt, daughter of
the late Marquis of Queensberry and sis
ter of the bridegroom, witnessed the cer
emony.". '¦'¦''
Tho bride Is the daughter of, Colone*
Custance. late of the Grenadier Guards.
Lord Alfred Douglas, is the second son
of the late Marquis of Queensberry.
TEN MILLION DOLLABS
THE CAPITAL STOCK
Immense Consolidation of Southern
Electric Lighting and Power
Companies Effected.' ,
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— What la vir
tually a consolidation of the electric light
ing and power companies of Southern ,
California has been effected in the organi
sation of the Pacific Light and Power
Company, which has Just tncorpotated
with a capital stock of $10,000,000. Arti
cles of Incorporation for the new com
pany were filed with the County Clerk
in which are named as the incorpora t nr.4
Henry E. Huntington, I. .W. Hellman A.
Borel, Charles de Guigno of San Fran- .
Cisco; Willtam Kerckhort, Kascare Cohn
and H. W: O'Melveny.
The purpose of the new organization as
stated In the articles of incorporation la
to manufacture, produce, generate and
otherwise obtain electrical energy for
light, heat and power and to supply
towns, cities, etc., and to sell gas and to
sell water for power and Irrigation ami
domestic purposes. The new company
will operate in Los Angeles and throuen
out Southern California Kenerntly. It ••
an expansion of the San Gabriel Electri.-
Company, whose operations will extend
into tho Kern River country.
V Rub them with Balvo-cea.lt takes nil aching
and soreness out at once. For . soro' muiicl«>s,
¦tiff Joints I and lamencis, It has noequnl.'. Ii
cure* piles. Try it once and you'll n«ver ba
without It. Price, 20o and &0c, at druggists or
by mail. Palva-cca. 274 Canal it.. Nuw York.
Your Poor Tired Feet.
Mrs. Armour Marries Again.
NEW YORK, March 0.— Mrs. May; Les
ter Armour, widow of Philip'* D., Armour
Jr. of Chicago, was married to-night to
P. A. Valentine, also of Chicago. • Tho
wedding wan unostentatious, very "few
persons outside of the Immediate < family
circles of the bride nnd groom belnjr
prespnt. Mr. and Mrs. Valentine will sail
for Europe on Saturday.
Many Excursionists From the East
. HELENA, Mont.. March 6.— About 1300
persons passed through Helena to-day on
the . Northern Pacific and Burlington
homeseekers' excursion trains. Tho
Northern Pacific westbound train arrival
In three sections and the Burlington VK
came In three sections. Most of i y, »
homeseekers on the Northern Pn<Mn,
canst from Wisconsin, Iowa. Illinois nnJi
other Middle States of the North Th^.i
on tho Burlington came from liffl
and Eastern ¦Kansas. Moat of the fiSXr!
Ox'egon" Wer ° Washington and
Captain Head Is Roloaned
LEAVEN WORTH, Ktm., March «.— ..
Captain James C. Read was released
from the Federal penitentiary this after
noon on a writ of habeas corpus. He had
only been within the walls one week.
Read'M release was the result of the re
cent ruling ot tho United States Circuit
Court ot Appeals, which held that sen
tences passed on volunteer officers by a .
court-martial ot regular army officer*
i were void.
Indian Outlives a Centurv
. SAN JOSE, March 6.— Manuel Roealea
a pioneer Indian resident of this countv'
died at the County Infirmary to-day nt
tha ago of over 100 years. ,H*. was «.»,„
tlve of Mexico. Itowilci had lived lnth j
valley 'for eighty years, and had been a
communicant ut Santa Clara ChiiJoK
Blnce the days of tho Franciscan Patheri.
COPENHAGEN. March (1.— The, Folkthln?
wn* In •xocuttva session tn-dny to consider th» '.
ratification of th» hill providing for the ¦»!•
o* .*»»• r>i»nl»h Wot Indian lauati to ' Ui* '
LONDON, March 7. — The > British,
steamer Harmonides, which was in colli
sion last night with the steamer Waes
land off Holyhead, Wales, waa towed into
Liverpool with a great hole In her bow.
One of the rescued passengers states that
the Waesland was run into amidships in
a fog and sank in half an hour. The
boilers burst owing to breakage from the
fcrce of the collision. Some of the boats
were, in the water a couple of hours he
fore finding the Harmonides, owing to the
density of the fog.. . "
Great Sole in Bow.
ULTIMATE OBJECT OF PRINCE HENRY'S PRESENT VISIT.
GERMAN SUGAR
UNION AROUSED
' took place near Castrovllle'yes
terday, when- in -the presence of three
generations ' of descendants and attended
by some persons who acted as bridesmaid
and. groomsman fifty years ago in "Bon-
MONTEREY, March 6.— One of the
most remarkable celebrations of
a half-century of wedded life
ever recorded in this county
Miss Mamie Walker, nnother nurse,
was positive Ed had never threatened his
mother with a club. She stated further
Mrs. Piercy had never charged her. with
setting fire to tho house on King street.
This ended the testimony. In the after
noon Judge Hyland, accompanied by the
stenographer, visited Mrs. Piercy in. her
room in the Stanford House. On recon
vening court the Judge did not make pub
lic his interview, further than to say
that the last words Mrs. Piercy said to
him was that if he appointed a guardian
ho had better make his will.
Mrs. Smith stated that Mrs. Plercy had
told her to keep Andrew and his family
away from her. She said Mrs. Plercy
had .been well taken care of and was
surrounded by every comfort, and /while
she was with her Ed had never brought
whisky to the house for his mother. Sha
thought Ed's manner toward his mother
kind. and affectionate. '
Mrs. Smith, who attended Mrs. Plercy
for six years, was another witness.- She
said that Andrew Plercy during his visits
to his. mother was boisterous q.nd he al
ways, wanted money. On one occasion
when he called the witness wns out of
the room, but hearing Mrs. Plercy scream
she rushed in, when the old lady told her
Andrew had pointed a pistol at her. Mrs.
Piercy was excited, and asked Mrs.
Smith to make Andrew show her the pis
tol. Witness did not see the weapon,
howeveu.
General Barnes said he knew of no
reason why the deed, giving, the property
to Edward Piercy was not recorded until
December, although It was executed last
March. He had -told E. L. Rhodes some
time before to record the deed and sup
posed he had done so.
Mrs. Andrew Plercy asked permission to
question General Barnes, which was
granted. After she finished General
Barnes made an explanation of some of
his J remarks.
General Barnes stated that he had act
ed as the/adviser'of Mrs. Mary Pifercy for
years. In an opinion formed from inter
views with Mrs.- Piercy. it was her firm
intention: that ¦ Edward Piercy should
Jiave her property, and subsequent to her
making the deed whereby she gave Ed
ward some $30,000 worth of property, Mrs.
Piercy had told her daughter, Mrs. Mar
tel, thaf. the act -was- free and uninflu
enced on her partrAOn one occasion when
the witness •- had called on Mrs. Piercy
Andrew Piercy was present, and he had
requested General Barnes to leave. The
witness said Mrs. Pierey's mental condi
tion was as good as that of any person
in the courtroom. He did not believe a
guardian was necessary in her case. Her
property was in excellent hands, he said, 1
and does not require investments that in
volve any great degree of ability. He be
lieved that were the court to pronounce
Mrs. Piercy insane it would kill her.
Mrs.*Piercy, who is*82 years of age, has
property iii; this county and San Fran
cisco worth ; about $75,000. Recently she
deeded property, worth $25,000 to' her son
Edward.; "'^Andrew; Plercy';'- another son,
brought 1 an 'action ,to^ have, the deed set
afelde ?on> trie grounflfcf-' undue influence
and also petitioned; 1 tp.e court to appoint a
guardian for^his- mother, , on the ground
of: alleged incompete'ney. The court . to
day took the petition under, advisement,
saying it found Mrs. Piercy very bright
on most matters, .but utterly at sea re
garding her. property. „ £l : TT ; T
The tirst witness was General W. H. L.
Barnes, attorney for: Edward Plercy,. who
is contesting the petition of his brother,
Andrew Piercy, for guardianship -of their
mother. \ .'. ':¦'. -- : > • • ¦¦ : :¦ ¦' '.' -
SAN J'dSE, March 6.— "If you appoint a
guardian over me"you had better make
your will,", was the parting injunction of
the venerable Mrs. Mary Plercy this aft
ernoon, to Superior Judge Hyland, who
<had called upon her to learn her wishes
In the contest now before the court.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FILIPINO ARMY
AND ITS WORK
nle Scotland," Mr. and Mrs.' Robert Stirl
ing again stood before a clergyman and
renewed their marriage vows.
<?t^, r tV and M £ s ' t ? tlrlln S were married in
Kf"' S S? tl an d ; on March 5, 1852,
1^ 1^^-.^- McL *y. the attendants
being the bride's sister. Miss Mount, ana
the groom's brother William Stirling . "
Mr. and Mrs. Stirling came. to America
soon after their marriage, finally settling
i™ ali f orn! ?J n S, ar Castrovllle.. where they
I*Tfr 8 /2 ce "7r ed - r Later &* brother and
tister (now Mrs. James Thomson of Sa
lhi as ft« lso C K am f *? California, and to-day
the- four who took part In the wedding
that occurred over 7000 miles away cele
brated its golden anniversary
About eighty relatives and Intimate
end !,'i manv , of whom kne^ Mr. and
Mrs. Stirling in Scotland, were present
Mrs. Mary ; Pier cy Talks
Seyerely to San Jose
'"' ; • ' Jurist. ¦-.-
The Waesland was owned by the Inter
national Navigation Company, but flies
the Belgian nag. She plied regularly in
the American line service between'Phila
delphia and Liverpool, touching at
Queenatown each way. Formerly she
was known as the Russia. She was j a
four-masted bark-rigged iron vessel of
3G76 tons.net. J.iand G. Thompson built
her at Glasgow fh 1867. The Waesland 1 s
dimensions are: Length, 436.1 feet;
breadth, 41.9 feet, and depth 29.9 feet. She
was equipped with electricity and had
triple expansion engines of 3500 Indicated
horsepower. ¦ : .
The collision occurred in & thick tog
at half punt ji o'clock Wodnci-uny tilgnt
when th« vvut'siunu as uuout tuny tauoi
Bouthwust ot iloiyneuu, 'i'lio liui'/uom(it*j
Hirucr. tliu VV'ucliutid umidsliipd ana tJict'o
Vras a terribly shock. Mo8i or tno Wuos
lund's pussungcrs • hud retired lor ttie
lugiit, I'erieci order and discipline pr«-
VKiicii. Tno crow u£ the titeamer raptdiy
turned out thu puantrngutB and succt-uded
In assuring them that their lives were
Bafe. The passengers were greatly in*
liuenccd by the coolness of thu crew and
obeyed Instructions willingly and quickly.
Tne Waeslanu's boats were speeuily gut
out and in less than half an hour the
entire ship's company had been transfers
red to the Harrnomdes. Unfortunately
two lives were lost. The dead are a s'tegr
uge passenger named Dangeriield and a
cnllo. named Asie Emmett, the daughter
of a cabin passenger.
The Waesiand sank thirty-flve minutes
after the collision. The passengers and
crew lost all their belongings. The ves
sel carried no mails. The passengers
unite in the highest praise of .the .be
havior of Captain Atfeld and his crew. It
Is expected that the company will send
the passengers by another vessel next
week. . .•: ••;
LLVteiil'OQL, March 7.— i''lfty-three ot
the pagsengerB «na crew of tiia Wauslanti
urrlved at Wvorpool on board the iiur
uidnideg at %'X uii* morning. ' TAey'werti
itirivi.'ii by Hi" agents of ilm Amurieuu
lino Im.to ana woo uuarterU ut hiiimiw
hotels. ' ; ' ¦
The Harmonides rescued all but two of
tha passengers and saved the entire
craw of the Wftesland, Tha Wo.esla.ud
carried thirty cabin and eighty-two steer*
ago putfeongers,' The loss of the Waesmnd
was due to a donga toy whl«h enveloped
the Irish channel during tng entira any,
ti riMiifiiy delaying all vessel**, > . .
LONDON, March 6.— The American line
Bteamer Waesland, Captain Atfeld, from
Liverpool March 5 for Philadelphia, ami
the British steamship Harmonides, Cap
tain Pentin, from Para February 18 for
Liverpool, met in collision to-night oft
llolyhead, Wales, '. TJw Waealand Bank.
The facts are that Eell's operations In La
guna Urove a band of Insurgents into Moron*,',
about ¦ twenty-five miles from Manila In an
air line. A small band of Ladrones driven
from Cavlte by the constabulary Joined them.
Twenty-five constabularies, under native ser
geants, attacked them, but on account of hav
ing only fifteen rounds of ammunition each,
soon exhausted it and were forced to retira
without loss. Assistant Chief Atkinson of the
constabulary, with reinforcements, immediate
ly took change and drove the band, with l03S
to the latter. Into Laguna, the inhabitants o£
Klzal province giving information and assist
ing us as much as possible.
; i Flortes (Governor of the province), with the
municipal police, is in pursuit. There are not
3uO arms in the hands of the Insurgents and
Ladrones in the entire Luzon island to-day.
The number was reduced early by .surrender*.
captures or casualties. The constabulary, wuh
the aid of Trias (Governor of Cavite) and na
tive police, during the last two weeks ha\ i
routed Ladrone bands existing in the island
for many years, capturing and receiving by
surrender over 100 arms.
The most important feature is the sentiment
among the Inhabitants hostile to the; Ladronca
and insurgents. All other organized provinces
are quiet. The situation has not be^n so good
since American occupation, and is very eu
couraging, notwithstanding the persistent at
tempts to create a contrary impression.
Governor Taft presented the dispatch to
the House Insular Committee to-day
when questioned on reported reverses.
Health Conditions Improve.
Surgeon General Sternberg to-day re
ceived the health report of the military
division of the Philippines for the monm
ending January 15 last. The percentas
of sick was 6.16 and the total sick 25U1
cases. There were 59 deaths during the
month; a decrease of eighteen, compared
with the previous month.
Colonel Pope, who made the report just
before his death, says the lower percent
age of sick and the few deaths are espe
cially gratifying in view of active mili
tary operations of the most arduous char
acter In Samar and Batangas. The sit
uation In regard to bubonic plague is
much more favorable than at the time of
the last report. Only three cases of the
disease occurred during the month, ana
being Harry Dunn, a quartermaster's em
ploye, who died December 27.
Some Recent Operations.
Governor Tuft han received the follow
ing cable dispatch form Acting Governor
"Wright of the Philippines In response tu
inquiries as to recent reported military
reverses:
• MANILA. March 6.— Acburt-rnartial ha»
been ordered to try. Major' Littleton T.
Waller and. Lieutenant John II. A. Day
of the marine corps on March 17 next on
the* charge of executing natives '"df tha
Island of Samar without trial. Some of
the circumstances in the caae are pecu
liarly atrocious. Ono native was tied to
u tree and publicly shot in the thigh, Tha
next day the man was shot in the arm*.
The third day ha was »hot In the body,
and tha, fourth day the native was killed.
Friend* of the twt> officers attribute
tlieir actions to loas of mind, due to tho
privations which they MUftvred in th»
ir.inM'1 of Samar.
WASHINGTON. March 8.— A«tln« Sec
retary Darling of tha Navy Department
received a cable meanugft to-day from
li«-i*f Admiral iiedsers, commanding tht*
A«tatia itation, Maying that tha bat
tfalktn of marlnca which mutltt tha u.x.:
nn;>iii.=i march acrotiM the inland of tintnur
arrived at Cttvlta on the Zd Inat and ¦>¦¦ •>
now uunrterrd In the mnrine burraeka.
No mention la made In the meaaage of
court-martial proceedings against Major
Waller or Lieutenant Day for alleged
bitital treatment of natives during th«»
march, nor 1st any reference made to trou
ble' ut any kind.
.Zriends .of .Major ."Waller, and Lieu*
tenant Day Say They Have Be
• come Insane : Through Suf
¦" ¦ ferings in Samar.
Heavy -Fog -Prevails at Time of the
Accident and Makes the Work
of Life Saving Diffl
, ' cult.
Her Crew and All but Two
of the Passengers
/ , Are Rescued.
Peculiar Practices .. in the
Execution of .'Natives
Without Trial.
American. ."¦; Steamer .Is
Badly. Dama.ged^ai}cL : ,
G3.es to Bottom.
Officers Are Accus9d of
Torturing Filipino
Rebels.
MAKES THREAT
TO THE JUDGE
PEKING, March 6.— Chinese officials
fear that - the refusal of the Bankers'
Commission to accept the February ln "
stallment of the indemnity"' will render
the; collection of future installments more
difficult. Sir Robert Hart, director of the
imperial maritime customs, used every
argument of persuasion to impress the
viceroys of the various provinces with the
importance ot promptly contributing their
share to the indemnity. "When it becomes
known- that -the l,b20,u00 taels of the Feb
ruary, installment is lying in the Chinese
bans because the foreign governments are
unable to agree' to terms concerning its
division; the Chinese will possibly relax
their, eit'orta to. meet the future install
ments.
Sir Robert Hart sent letters to-day to
the Ministers of the powers here calling
their attention to the complications likely
to result if the money, which is deposited
in the Chinese Bank at Shanghai, should
bo "destroyed or diverted."
LONDON; March 7.— With reference to
China'H having urged the powers to per
mit her to assume the administration of
Tientsin, the l J «?kini?» correspondent of the
Times hat* interviewed Yuan Shi Kal, tha
Viceroy ut Chili province. Yuan pro
tested that h« wns (|uH<3 willing to insure
th« eu.ntomi) contributions for th« war In
d«mnlty'.'fnid ftven tOMnerPitse them, lie
sulri'that ha was rilsa willing to eitrry out
tho plurta for thn improvement of the nav
igation of the Vfi Ho. These were tho
two points ttie powers urged n§ juwtlfy
ingtnolr Intention to retnln tho «*1mlnf«
tratlon-'df;Tientsin. Yo«n Shi Kul tuv
tlier-nipreHented tho present uncertuiuty
nt* h great impediment to trndn and ridi
culed the rumor thru he Intended to re
build the city wall of TlentHln. He ex
pressed himself n» grateful for the Anglo
jfipaneKo treaty, but wild It was a humil
iation that Chlntt should have fullen bo
low us to need such propping.
ary .Installment.
Refusal to Accept, Febru-
Complication '\. Is Caused by
Payment of Indemnity
by :x)hina Is Made
% vC MorG-D;fficult.
OCEAN LINERS
IN COLLISION
OFF HOLYHEAD
LATEST HITCH
IN COLLECTION
AMERICANS
TO BE TRIED
FOR CRUELTY
f i Vi r ij^ , a *^^r - |j^ I > 'A ;™|\J*^**^ T^lrf*^ £~\ * **¦* rf*^ A T* T *¦¦' -TR^ T? i |i A \F - '"^T" A T-? d~^ jtt - \ ft ~f f^/*\ c% -
Monterey County Couple Celebrate, and
Bridesmaid and Groomsman
. Are in Attendance at the Gala Festivities
FRIENDS OF FIFTY YEARS
AT THEIR ANNIVERSARY
RESIDENTS NEAR CASTROVILLE
WHO CELEBRATED GOLDEN"
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY.
2
(TV. F. Lohnes) Jr f / , 'h-r^ *
43»,4 West High Street. r *» </ V#Z/ZsU(L>^ ' V
The mild and extraordinary effect of the wnrM.fnmnna ma~2~ j , ., .,.
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized it ?t»«% ? £ y i,? n u d , b i add 1 er
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases Bt " dS lhe hI Shest for lta
new E i]sc^^ I br N KT^rr" "LSSfS 7^*: tMnS u\ h « 6 fam ° US
well they will help all the Other organs to htalth A trhfl wHi y^nvin!? neyB &re
You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy^kZXrZi
absolutely free by mall, also a book telling all about Swamp-RooYTnd cont'alnfne
many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters i received from Cn
and women who owe their good health. In fact their very lives tc ? thTgreaTcSra"
tve properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co Rlngharn on N
Call SUrC Sa> ' l y ° U read thls e enerous offer J n The Sari Francisco DaUy
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need vou ran
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drue stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name Bwam£?Rnt?t n?
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Blnghamton, n! Y on* ew? bottle
towi^'; r.'rl^l?-^ % pt oml , nrnt .business man of Springfield. Ohio, writes the fol-
t^tS^rt^rav^bilc?! kldney remcdy< ESWSJJW to lh * edl "
. v "".TV 1 * h^ nr . d \'? at ,- > n u c0 " 1(3 . Procure a Pamplc^ufe 2f Swamp'- Itiot^See
frtE. nr mntiv l°n \> r ' , Klimc * &Co.. Blnffhamton. N. Y., for a sample bottle and
nThJ .StXrl * ! wa * 5° P lea8P , d ator. try'"* the sample bottle that I sent
to the drug store and procured a supply. I have used Swamp-Root regularly for
fi.T e Ji ' and consider it unsurpassed as .a remedy for torpid liver, loss of appe-
tite and general derangement of the digestive functions. I think my trouble was
m.L t 0 to ,V;>°se confinement in my business. I can recommend It highly for all
ii.^m- J?« d i npy com P' aln t 8 - J an » "ot in the habit of endorsing any medicine, but
In this case I cannot speak too much in praise of what Swamp-Hoot has done
To Prov- What ths Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-
Root, Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
WHAT A SAMPLE BOTTLE
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.The Rev. M. Bercovltz will dollver a
lecture at t;he Hall of Israel's Hope, 1127
Mission street, this evening, on "Tho
Greatest, but Ignored, Friend of the Jews
and of Judaism."'- . .
Lecture by Bov.' M. Bercovitz.
Esther nnd Mattle Allen, mother and
daughter, were taken to the hospital at
the City Hall yesterday from their resi
dence. 2 ilall place, oft JackBon street,
supoced to bo suffering from lnoanlty.
The neighbors gave the Information to
the pollco that th« women wcro demolish-
Injf the house In which they resided. They
will bo examined to-day by tho .Lunacy
Commissioner*. -
Ncighborg Think Them Insane.
Dodgo Seeks Reinstatement.
Edwnrd K. Dodge, who was dismissed
from tho pollco forco in Juno, 1893, is
suing for a writ of mandato compelling
tho Hoard of Pollco Commissioners to re
store him to duty. Judgo Cook issued an
nlternatlvo writ yesterday, returnable bo
fore Judno Hubbard March 14.
(iencrnl H. 11. Warfleld was tendered a
banquet last evening at tho California
Jlottl by the members of hJ» stafT. The
popular National CKinrd ofllccr has Just
returned from an extended visit to Hon
olulu, and the dinner wns given In cele
bration of his safe return. The menu was
most elaborate and a most cnjoyablo
evening was Hpf»nt.
General Warfleld Is Banqueted.
Tho employes of the Honrd of Health
Ruvn n biiuniiot last night at Dnlmonlco's
to Dr, William D. McCarthy and Dr. Louis
Hnznt, retired rnnmbors of tho "charter 1 '
Hoard of Health. About sixty woro pres
ent, including Dr. John M. Williamson,
Dr. V. P. llunkloy and Dr. Robert - 13.
Haum of tho Hoard of IlauJth, and Dn
Whlto of tho Marino Hospital, James A.
Emory, secretary of tho Hoard of Health,
pronlded. Dr. Wlllinm A. Hasnlor, chief
snnltury inspector, was chairman of thu
committee of iimingnmentit. •
Board of Health Banquet.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of tho Vlnh
Cummlsslon received Information from
Kuiviot yesterday that Eurckn Lodge of
thn Donovolent and I'rotcctlvo Order of
I'iUn had paid a lino- of $50 Imposed on
Sidney Dillon for killing an elk, whose
stuffed body wum Intuncicd for & lodge
rf,oni ornament.
Thu Htitinnl mi ahot nbout three months
ngo. The Klsh Commission doiiutles im
mediately arrested Dillon, whu llrcd tho
ehot. Chief Deputy VugcluariK states that
the members of Uurcka Lodge Hhowed a
dnposltlon to contest thu caso and steps
v/c-re taken to mako the prosecution a
vigorous one. After numerous delays and
legal hitches the Klks came to tho do
clnlon that it would be better to mako a
nettlemcnt. Tho fine was therefore paid
without further protest and the matter Is
now finally disposed of.
Vogelsang t<ays that he has no fear but
that ho will be able to punish thoso who
were responsible for the killing of tho elk
in Golden Gate Park come time ago for a
similar purpose. He states also that the
unvarying policy, of tho Fish Commission
EUREKA ELKS PAY I!MN1S
F0H KILLING OF ELK
Fish Coinminslon Wins Oontest Glml
lar to That in Progress In This
. City.
Mtiller. C A. Morrln, .to*»ph HcagrAve
ntnl Ji. J. i'iIiwhiiz. The committees
were as follows:
llnrr|,| Inn < r,|ntlll(|n*_,trMK>r>ti fibM (chair*
fn*"t, l». II. K*Tf,nimn, f'tinrl'ii Warto, Vt, T,
llolwon, < ii-i iic- i.r\n, I^o Kaufmann. i.*om»
rnlttp» f ,f aimnRnniMitii— JarriM A. Jolitiitun
frhnlrtniin). M. ». Kaenti, A. U. l'n*t, J»\ C.
J.roun*r. John fitpwmt, ('. Mayer, L. D. WaJ-
UtiMilli. John Ha* S.I a M
Will ho to (HMRPiMifn oiiy mill &\\ vl.ilnllimn
of t)i« Buttin Itiwo, ho itiittic!t a who the of.
ft'htkMB mny lie
HOARD OF WOK ICO IUSPLX1SS
TO B0H00L HIltKCTOIia
Gnyfl llcipalrs id DchoolhouBOS Are
Properly Done and Denies
Charge of Extravagance.
Tho Hoard of Public Works sent a reply
yesterday to the Hoard of Education re
garding tha rcftolutlon pnenod by tho last
named bonrd and founded on tho account
ability of tho Hoard of Education in tho
matter of expenditures made by tho
Hoard of Works on school repairs. Tho
contention was also mado that tho Hoard
of Kducatlon should have actual super
vision of the progress of the work done
by tho noun! of works on account of tho
Hoard of Education. The communication
follows:
Itcgardlng the suDervliion of the work, the
charter is clear. It provides that repair* to
school houaea ahull ba done by the Board of.
Works after notlncatlon by tha Board of IMu
cution, tho work to be paid for out of the
common school fund. It hardly needs to be
pointed out that there cannot be two aupervi*
sors of the work, ona representing this bonrd
and a second representing tha Board of Edu
cation. It la not intended to intimate that the
Board of Education may not express its wishes
In' any matter in hand. What the Board ut
Works cannot do is to permit a representative
at tha Board of, Education to give Instructions
MIbs Edith Fronton wore a "yellow
kid" domino over a black spangled jet
(•'own..
Miss Leontlne Dlakeman and Miss Char*
lotte Elllnwood were twin "poppies" In
red silk, with red popples in thuir hair.
The Mlsises Dorel wore black and yel
iow fancy dominoes over white ball
gowns.
MIes Dlair wore a black evening gown.
Emerson Warfleld represented a Turk,
with black coat, blue silk jacket Insldo
and blue trousers, all elaborntely em
broidered tn gold. Ills legglna were of
purple velvet. The costumo was com
pleted by a silk sash and turban,
Dr, C, C, Collins, Lieutenant Rrower
and ten other officers from the Preuldlo
wora dominoes of yellow with large black
polka dots and pointed caps,
O, Wilson of Stanford wore an interest-
Ing yellow domino.
Mre. Thomas J\ Ulahap wore a domino
over a white satin ball gown.
T. V, oilmen wore & domino.
Mrs, ii, J, (Jreeker was th§ Indian Prln>
etnn nhinrjutjla.
If. J. Croeker reprenented the Indian
chlff Cleronlmo. <
Miss Cole wtia costumed In a domino in
t>thi'i< and white effeotg.
Mr». H. CHrmsny wore a bsll sewn ef
black rimiitiiiv linn over white ollk: or
iiMnir.jiiis, diamond!. Bhe also wore a
domino.
D, L'&rmany were a domino,
I Walter L. Dean woro a domliio.
Mrs. B. II. Dlmond woro a domino over
a black chiffon ball gown.
E. R. Dlmond woro a domino.
Mrs. William H. McKlttrlck woro a pink
domino under which was a whlto lace
nenalBsanco lace gown over white silk;
ornaments, pearls.
MIbs Carrlo Redmond was a "fuchsia,"
both skirt and bodice being made of large
red silk potals over white Bilk. She wore
fni'ltliiH lii her hair.
Mlas Elizabeth Mills was attired in a
Watteau coatume.
mIhh Ardella Mills wore a ball gown
of l h;:i i.
MUs Ethel Melone represented "Night"
In a black evening gown.
Mlsa Dolbeer wore a pink domino over
a white net gown, ppungled; pink roaqa,
i Mrs, Robert Qxnnrd wore a domino over
an elaborate ball gown.
Itohert Oxnard wore a domino,
George A, I'ope were & Dragoman §es«
tume, whleh was brought from Egypt,
O?flPf§ A. Newhall w»i "King ©f 19ng«
land," In an elaborate eoituma, Including
a, Bearlet eoat, The erder of the King was
hung shout his neek, the insignia of my.
alty.
Meggri. 3, I'olhpfflue and Thomas Van
Ness Jr. were plumed kulghte ef the
feufteenth century.
Mi-g, J, Dawney Harvey wore a hlaek
molr§§ evening gown, embreldered with
jet.
\V. O. Irwln wore a domino.
Mrn. Edward Moore Robinson of Phila
delphia wore a domino nnd a black and
white Worth gown, over silver; orna
ments, pearls and diamonds. .
Edward Tobln woro a domino.
Miss Pearl Lnnders represented a
French doll, wearing a white organdie
riresti, with blue ribbons and dainty lace,
Her large fluffy bonnet was of white, with
bluo garniture,
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. was costumed
as "Night" In a clinging black 'princess
gown, embroidered in sliver spangled,
About the flounces of the skirt were owls,
ureacenta and moons embroidered In aiW
ver, Her ornaments were diamond etntu
Bhe carried a silver crook,
Thomas Mogge Jr, was ona of a num.*
ber.who appeared as "the red devils,"
Miea Edith Huntlngton wora a colonial
riiMMiniH In Watteau style, of white and
gold brocade, with blue pannier and ft
white ia"° n«'hu, held in plaee by a eingiu
pink roee, She wore a white, wig, A larue
picture Iimi, with yfoelt plume was worn
with iIiIm I'liHtniiKi! also biHi'k ihopfi, with
gold liiii'klnd hi"1 rt bltti'U bnt»!"l«l. MUrt
Tiiintlngtan e»rri@a a pel§ with blue rib.
Ki'sm the time the guegtB entered the
pni'tslH of the home until the gong
sounded the, hour -for* supper, »tibbk§ were
rie flgu«uf find ther# w«8 inueh fun In ttie
Httimpti Hindu to boIv§ Kin Identity at
diinepre.
Representatives of Fashion, Culture and Wealth Dance for Hours
and in Spirit of Carnival Merriment Ignore Time in the
Enjoyment of the Fun«Maklng.
SCENES AT THE 13AI, MA8QUE GIVEN BY MR. AND MRS. JOHN D. SPRECKELS I..AST NIOHT IN THEIR
RESIDENCE ON PACIFIC AVENUE. WHICH WAS BEAUTIFULLY DECORATED FOR THE OCCASION, AND
THE TWO DAUGHTERS OF THE HOST AND 11OSTE3S.
I-Ike a glint of moonlight on a water
fall, n mermaid wended her way in
glistening green robe through a crowd
of KinKs ana queen*, knights and cavaliers
and heroe* of romance, all eager to se
cure her hand for a dance.
Ophelia and Hamlet ttought the cool
atmosuhere of the conservatory and dls
cusiied all elue but th? tragedy of Den
mark. Pierrot and his companion could
be found between dances In the gorgeous
Turkish room of the mamdon, while h
l>rvy of society buds, drcsoed in pink
dominoes and wearing grotesque masks,
mtide merry on the balconies and threw
confetti on their curious male friends on
the lower f)f>or.
Th<> ballroom wns fnlrly ablaze with
thr* brllll.int nrrny of costumr-s. With
every guest on tho flour mnsked and In
eostume. tho trun uirnlval spirit wns ef
fusrd and Joy reigned mipreme with the
revrli rs. Some benutlful and artistic cos
tumes wert mn'cliilly dPHlgnr-d for the oc
c-itidon, while other dancers concealed
their identity by the ever mysterious
domino. Here are somo of the. costumes
worn by the entertainers and their guests:
Miits Graee HpreckH* represented Mnry
ru«1or In the story of "When Knighthood
\Sa* In Flower. The. Ion* skirt wns of
pale yellow crepe de chine. The bodlre
was of blue mirror velvet, through
t Inches In which puffs of the yellow crepe
v.cre drawn. Thero was nn elaborate
gutnlturc of pearl trlmmmlng, which also
outlined the long flowing ovcnsleevea of
white chiffon and formed a trellis work
about the waist. A small hood of pearl
trimming compleled the costume.
Mips Lillian Hprerkels wore a Watteau
costume of the elghtftonth century. The
material was a heavy brocado of dull old
tote, with an undertklrt of pale blue
aatln. The bodice garniture was pale blue
and epangled chiffon,
Mra. John D. rlpreckels wore a black
i I'M'fe'led evening gown,
John P, Miirci lu Ih appeared as a car*
linihi in a long scarlet robe,
John li, Hpreckels Ji, wore a (Jamnan
f rHuine, •
Claws Bpreekels Jr. represented "ft
water nymph" and wore a white eiiu
R'iwh, over whleh was a network a(
tiobr^fi end garniture of pond tilled.
Mr*, B. V, Tr§ston wore a fiomlriQ ever
¦< Mm h i.hii e-.w-ii, Her hair wsb now>
nered,
K, F. PreMen were a wig and maelt
With 1 1 i.vf-Mli.tml ilirtb suit.
MNS Itrccjn /Miirn WHH |>Ii 1 1| f r fci|Hrt ||, m
UhUit-UuritusU in. i h), ii Pini|.|n white tathi
flrftg; t>rnvtierfed Itntr.
Mr*. Wftftliiitgtnh Ainra wore n dom<
U\fi ji\n a pink erepe evenlnff gown with
thlffflll,
«, -jrERTIMEXT reigned last
/fj At evenitig for many hours In
/tJ/ff "• rr " f) denee of Mr. and
/ ty i3 *'"'• J °hn D. Spreckela at
/ W n avenue and L,aguna
' •**• street, where the representa-
tlves of culture, beauty and
ttraJth i.r -i-rjii.!. .1 at a brilliant bal
musque. "->
Society has own expectant for many
w«-eki< over the costume dance to be given
t'V Mr. und Airs. Bprccke.ls and elaborate
j'i' piir.-itidiiK in the matter of gowns and
ujip&rH wrre mado in dozens of fashlon
uble homes.
Tho«sr« who attended tho bal masque
l&Kt evening wrrc ununlmou* In declar
ing that It r>cili>*e4 elmllur anTalid ut the
Jiipklnn Art Intttltote in every respect.
Thf rommodloun ballroom of thu mun
fluii prrrntrd a bountiful uppearancc uml
th* dccuratlous w«.ro artistic and unique.
The v .,:: and colling were festooned with
ropes of evergreen nnd xmllax and dozen*
at Ohineite lantern* were tastefully ar
ranged Herons the room, Largo comical
makKa vt men ana animals, together with
Trench fancy-ball posters, peeped out
from .•;...¦•• of evergreen, electric llghtp
being hidden lneidc the masks and in the
lanterns.
The decorations of the ballroom blended
with the rich red velvet of draperies and
i •:•«¦: and formed a fitting frame for the
Dines of coior of the cuetumea of tha
maskers. Hidden behind a bank of ferns
end u.i '.!¦ an orchestra dlecouraed tho
ji.iis.ii A .., 1 1 • American fiug wtt drapetl
ever the entrance to the •uw.jer-room,
v . i,i I, tmull tables were aet with ail tha
delicacies of the Beaton.
it w*t« alter 10 p. m. when the first of
thb iii» in j t "' i- <4rrived at tho maneian
»nd f'jr en Ikjut the currlmttti of the
j.uk-i.- continued to dei'ooii their burdenti
''I I •'•!> ¦il'.-.-i'l • ''« t/J. u i,1 =
More th»n S*> roetumecj
r.vi,. ' i =. were to be *eei» nici.ir. ii, c men
*¦¦' ' V II !' '" <;l " 1 Mil- r, rl.r. \\ 11S „
Ji'ii.ii.t one. )rt <h« hallioom ttnd or) it,,,
out ut «h» Jerg* Jut^rler hHll me» und
ui.niMi hf <h«» j»*=rlGrt ut many ceniurl«>H
ofcuiMi f»r |iroinr>fisfle.d, |^r»»pi»fcd in «he
f^-tH) ifhr* t>{ u «*nrnlnsl i.h» ItftPi mln«
»>-i with ihf mtrry thi'Ofie, eallahtly r = ,
C»Mir<e h li ii, -i <ii)in- d( ih* court #jf
'>t^«n)rp: j'nrtly If^nry Vlll iiftr.i n-.
rB\fi||rr i>, the hwitt* find exehftriBH
h-n inoife witn fiftllfliiis In ehimmeiihg
tilks and ¦•']'-
HETAIL CLEUKS HOLD
GCCON» ANNUAL MALL
Murical nnd Vr.udRvlllc PrOffrnmnjo
Ficc^dcs u.ijif inn, and tho
Mayor Bpeaks.
•U ' !>!:,: . i, -I • v ..„ !r,t!nn RflV* it *
neconO annual ontrrtnlnmrnt end Bnll lust
rU'ht lit Nfltlvo Rons' Hall. The attend*
tj,tp t.'ijs lnrnc and the clerks and their
iuir friends enjoyed dandnv until a lato
hour.
Tlie tfuXurti t,t the programme was n
short mJdrc?:* by Mayor Bchrnltx, In
which bin Honor heartily Indornei] th« 6
d'ti».ck <-i-i: :iii; movement. He compll
tnttilrd the afsoclatlon on what It had
i><> • in) ¦'•¦¦ i" 'i in the two ye&rs of its ex
ificnco and Raid that merchants had
found that trade wan In nowise curtailed
by i ir.i Jm: at 0 o'clock Instead of 9.
J. W. l-'Jahcr nans ¦ barytone solo. Joe
JyiviriKEtonr. offed 10, ).!:iycfi a violin solo,
rnd two lltUe tots, Quecnle Tllton and
Mrud Bhsrn, gnvo b sketch, "Tho Dack
word Child. W. W. Brackett enter
in l npd by clever monologue, Georgia
Vhite eonjr roon sonjfs. Ed F^imbert gave
lJ ( ")jj tpc-cialties and Mrs. W. T. liobson
t^. H. Puckett was Hoor mansger. His
autlttfc&u were, iicot £ls,tbe«oa, Henry.
Ballroom and Interior of the Mansion Pre
sent Scenes of Picturesqueness and
Changing Color.
BRILLIANT BAL MASQUE GIVEN BY MR. AND MRS. J. D. SPRECKELS
FILLS THEIR RESIDENCE WITH GAY THRONG OF MERRY-MAKERS
CONSTANTINOPLE. March «.— Consular, re
ports received Jiere from Macedonia confirm the
previous reports of tha appearance, of armed
band* la several districts.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the public free of charge, to
day from 9 a. m. till 6 p. m., and in the
evening from 7:80 till 10 p. tn.
> Free Day at Institute.
The parlora of the hnm« were artlntlc
allv decorated with a profusion of ferns,
snfllux and violets. Tho bride was be
comingly attln-d In n dainty sown of pule
b ue silk, trimmed In white lace. Tho wed
ding was u quiet affair, befh.se witnessed
by the relative** and a few of tho most
Intlmnto friends of tho contracting
parties.
The bride In tho daughter «of 11. VosH
mnn of Modesto. Th« proom holrl.i n re
sponsible position with the Western Meat
Company of this city, where the younj
couple will make their future home.
Miss II«nrletfa AsrnthA Vogelman. ona
of Mudcato'H fair da uk liter*, nnd Law
rfjnro L, Meyers, a prominent youna busi
ness man ot this city, wero united In
matrimony l»'«brunry 21 ,-t tho home or
the bride's p«r*;nt» In Modesto. The cere
mony wan iirrformcd by Rov. J. C. Rob
ertaon. After tho ceremony a wedding
brrakfnat waa served.
Marriage to Miss Ilonrlstta
Vogelman.
Lowrcnco L. Meyers Is United 111
LOCAL nUCXNlSaS MAN
• WEDS A M0DE3T0 BELLU
Mr. nnd Mrs. R. Oxnard. Mlases O'Connor.
Mr. and Mrs. II. Oclrlchs, Frank Owen, Mr.
and Mrs. I.-n Owen. MlRa Owen.
Mr. and Mn. K. F. Promton. Minn Edith FrM
ton, Mr. and Mr»- O.' Perrln", Mr. and Mrt.
(George A. Pope, Horace I'latt, Miss I'olhemu*,
J. I'olhemus, Miss l'ow»rs, H. I'owem, Mr.
and Mrs. Ira Pierce. Miss Pierce. William
Prlngle. II. Poett. Dr. and Mra. Pa«e. Prln>M
and Prlnccos Ponlatnwskl, Mr. ami Mr*, it.
IMlltbury. Bllas Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. R. n.
Pease. Osden Pratt. Ray Pike, Misi-s Par
rott, M. F. Parrott, Orrln Peck.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Redlngton, Miss it • t
lngton, Mr. and Mrs. A. Russell, O. Ilathbone,
Miss C. Redmond, James Reid, Mrs. 1:. M.
Robinson.
Mtsa Bmedberg. Miss Pallsbury. Mrs. .u
BalUbury, Mr. and Mrs. }(. Bchuitsler. MIjj.-i
Hchussler, Misses Hmlth, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
T. rtcott, Dennis Searle, \V. fianborn. Dr. an<t
Mrs, O. Belfrldge, II. SomerR, Preacott Scntt,
Mr. and Mrs, !.auranca Bcott, Mr and Mra.
Georga Boott, Oray Hklpwnrth, Miss Edith
Plmpson, Mlm U Smtth, W, Hmith, Mlaa O.
Bmlth, T, Btrinaham, Miss Q, Bayf r, Mr,
un.i Mrs. A. B. w, Baylor, Mlaa Elite Sparry.
Mr, and Mrs. Jo« Tohln, (tamant Tobln. 64
T.it.tn, joa Tobln Jr . Mr. and Mr«. i 1 ' 'fatlant,
Mr and Mr*. Alfro.f Tubba, Mr- and Mra. Wll-
Ham Tev|a. Pr, If, T«vl», J, Thorn*, Mr, »n4
Mrs, W, If, TftVlyr, I 1 , 'fflmiihlni,
Judg* «"1 Mr« Van it. «i, Mlaa Van }{»**,
Mr, Van Nans, MUs Vd^rhle»i Mr, d» U Vns.4,
Ml- Vbii U v. 1,
Mr. »tifl Mii, Weliy, Mr, «rtd Mrs, g. win.
=i"*. Dr. and Mm, Whtinev. Mr, And Mm, 0.
WfifUn, Mi=a n, Wa«n<*f, Mr, »n4 Mr». eyru#
WRlhpr, Alrr-d WII^ji, tj, Whliitil", A, e, wll.
»in, I'. Emerson VvuffiaM, t^rh^r
WhJffis.J 1 . n, At, Wruht, OfrlH A, Wllwn, 'N.
K, -WJIttMH, Mr, Whlt* ( Allan Wright, Mr. iiM
fSI; W#«Hlftff,
MUMst Kwvlf, Mr, «., 1 Mr=t. r, Z^ll-,
L. A. Kellogav Mlis L. King. V. Kins, J.
Klnr. Mr. and Mr*. &, Knight, Mr. and Mr*.
A. D. Keyca, Mi»a Kittle, Dr. Klerstedt, O.
King. F. King. M1..1 Kehl. Dr. and Mrs. Jamea
Ke«n«y, Mr. and Mrs. F. Ktmble, Mr. and Mr*.
J. Kruttschnltt. Miss Keeney.
Mlts Berenice Landers, Miss Pearl r..i :¦»•:¦-»••.
Ml**es Loughborough, Mr. and Mrs. Genre*
Lent, Dr. Lorinl, John Lowl*. Mr. and Mrs.
da Latour, Lleuti«nsnt J. O. I^owpnborrf, Mtn»
Low. Mrs. Low, Milton LatttanT, Mlsso* Lann.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Mag*". Mtia m- •
Nutt. Ml«»«« Morgan, Mr. and Mrt. Charl*«
Miilittm, Mr. and Mr*. i.i.tii.mi MnMulltn.
MIdhcs MrClung. Cyru* Miller. Minn MrUean.
Harry Mulonp, Mr. and Mrs. McKlttrlck. K.
McCormlck, W. McLaine, C. MnLnlnc. Lanslnit
Mlxner, J. II. Mce, Llciitrnnnt M'-Mili.ni. K.
Murphy, Knox Maddnx, MIsrpk Mi'.l «. Mlta ».
Maynard, Mr. »nd Mm. O. Murttn, Mrs. 1: .
Martin, Ml-* St. Trill. Mrs. It. Morrlll, Mr. and'
Mra. Walter Macao, Mr. anil Mr*. \v. Martin.
A. McHnan. Ml** Ethel Malnnc. J. R. M--
calf, MIm-i Murphy, Mrs. O. M.icklnUy.
O. Kewhnll, Charles Norrln. Mr. and Mr».
J. K. K. Nutt- ill. Miss Nudlna Nuttall, Mi ¦¦
S'oonan.
A comparative statement of prices paid
under contract for material by the two
boards nccompunlcs the communication
and shows thnt the Board of Works nays
lees for materials than the Board of Edu
cation.
Mimic* Corolnn. Dr. II. Carolan. Mrs. W.
{-•ntor, Minn Center. Mlxi T. Center, MIrs Col
lier. MIrs Cortwalurter. H. Cadwatader, O. Cad
wnlndcr, A. n. Costlgnn. Mr. and Mrs. H. J.
f/ocker, Mr nnd Mrs. W. II. Crocker. Mr. and
Mrs. W. Clark. Judge and Mrs. Cooper. Mlxs
Cooper. E. de Coulon, John Carrlunn. Mrs. F.
Coen, MIns Cole, Mr. nnd Mrs. D. Callahan
Dr# .. lu l1 Mrs> 3 - C^rk. Dr. Collins, Bruce Corn
wall. Mr. and Mrs. D. Carmany, Miaa Casey.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Davis. Mr. and Mrs. W. E.
Dean. Mtsi H. Dean, Mr. and Mrs. W £.
Dean, Mr. and Mrs. E. Dlmond. It. Duperu.
Mlsa Dolbeer, Pp. Deerlng. Mr. and Mrs
H, Dutton, Miss Drown, D. L. Davis. MUses
Duuon. Miss Dillon, W, Denman, Dr. de Ma".
MUs Kwa^T"' Ml " M< BeU " t Mlii EIIInw °W
C, Koiila, Mrs, I, Forman, Charles Felton
Jr, Miss Alloa Flndley, v\ rrland" Qeor f a
Field, lieutenant »n<i Mrs, f, i'eshtler, Mlis
Fooier,
ipr, Morton aibbons, Walter Olbbons, Mlsie*
Gibbons, Mr. and Mrs J, D, OraiU, « M,
Ureenway, Mr, and Mrs, Jr", Orlflin, >>»ranW
• liirtti, I'liarlea Otvenn, Mils Uufmiy, Mr ilrlin-
Mr, and Mrs, V, W, MnNear, Mlis Hod*
kin*. MlM llMlliriinU, H, M, Ho|lii,i,iU, qeoiHa
}(lnd, Ml««es Ifamllian, Mlis f|Qw|an<f. Miaa>m
»*«r. Mr, slid Mrs, if, Hill, n, lintmm*.
V, llflUllM, Mm, A, P, ffotsllpg jV,, Mr, »t"l
Mrs, W.Y, Ilimflngton, Ml«s feitth »luntlns>
t"ii, William I *• Miaa J, linear, mu=>«s
ifunUHiftan, 6, 'ferry ilRmlltfiB, Ikltih lUrt,
M. A. liamiHfiH, Mr. and Mr», H, W. Ittjp.
H"'& W' Bflf1 w . rSi J5' »OTl*er, Mr. and Mrs.
S, n, lfRfV^y, Ml«"« HeiUBhlnn.
Ml', fuiil Mr=. W, r>, f. win
Mi»«^N .fi^-snivii, t'aptftln Jehnslon, i(. M,
3dV, Ml«s jetted, *: •
tn any penan, »\it>PtinimiUnt, m-ti-mi of l*bor»
pt ettitiloved Ih thin department, The *mji|oye«
in n receive titttfUdtlniia only from this board
til* Hi authorised nni'iit.
As to Aodouhtrtblllty, tli« charter renutrM
this hudrd to make your repairs ttnd th* keeii-
Inar of account* Is tieceimarily yours. Tha «'•
••mints fii 11 be kept In Mil* nfiii c br employing
II ImiiliUrriirr for thn |iin pnHf. It Is inml.lnriil
that verification of bill* nt«»tiii>il to you for
imymrnt In ynur own duty nnd not ours.
- Tha nllfcatlon Unit complaint I* general as
to the^xpenne of the imrk and tho manner of
It/i performance In obscure. It mny menn tli.it
the members of the Hoard of Education hold
this opinion. A apeclflo charge Is th« onty
kind which deserves notice. As to the manner
o( performance, It Is not rn«h to a«s*rt thnt It
!¦ superior to thnt customarily rton« In th«
pnst for the School Department. Tho Incfrascd
cost of the Fremont school addition was dim tn
a change in the plans ordered by the Hoard of
Education.
«.. Mr# «? nd 4. Mr8> . DUkeman « 'M'" niikemin,
MI«h llltindlnK, John llalrd, Mr. and Mm. A.
Ilorol, Mlimen Ilorcl, A. lJorel Jr., Mlaa tilalr.
Allen Bt. John Howk Mr. and Alrn. W. llnkpr.
B. Uoardmiin, Lieutenant C. Uabcoclc, Frlta
Hottum, Mr. nnd Mrs. 8. Buckbo*. K. tie*
MImhcm nrlKhnm, Mr. Illnney, Mr. Iirlckwcdel.
MfiwHoole, W. A. Boole, Mr. nnd Mrs. n!
Uoyle, .Mr. and Mm. Thomas P. Hlnhop, Mliis
Ilnnwtll, MIcicm Ilucklny, Lieutenant Iirower,
Dr. K. E. Urownell, W. Dera\ MIhs Ilrummer,
Mr. nnd Mrs. L. Uovet, Mr. nnd Mrs. A.
Urnndor.
After supper many of the ladles re
moved the dominoes they had worn and
appealed In handsome creations of the
inuiiuto. Mnakri were laid asldo and the
brilliancy of the scene was heightened.
Dnnelnp wns resumed and It was not un
til tarty this mornlnjr that the guests
departed, curryinj,* with them pleasant
memories of tho most successful bal
masque over given In a private resKlonce
In this city.
Following is a list of guests attending
the function:
Miss Amm. Mr. and Mrs. Worthlnjrton Ames,
Mlimfii Ay iv».
Many Strikingly Handsome and Artistic
Costumes Display the Cleverness of
the Designers 9 Art
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FttlDAY, MAItCH 7, 1902.
3Trunks, valises, traveling Bets, pocket
books, cameras and all kinds of fine
leather goods. Lettered 1 free of charge.
The- best goods and satisfactory > prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ?
Dress Suit Cases,
In the checker, contest, at Mechanics'
Institute yesterday Angell won' one game,
the other five beingdrawn. Of the thirty
games already played ¦ Angell has won
four and Bowe one. The remaining twen
ty-live were, drawn. . --, .'•: .»;•/
Angell Wins at Checkers.
OAKLAND, March «.— Manager Pete
Dohman announces the completion of the
Oakland baseball team for the season of
1902 as follows: Pitchers, George Hodson,
William Moskiman,. William Cristal L.
Jensen, George Schmidt; catcher, Lyman
Gorton; first base, J.:Streib; second base,
E. Mohler; third base. William Deve
reaux; shortstop, "Buck" Franks; left
field, McCreedie; center field, Walters;
right field; Dunleavy. The team will train
at- Fresno. =V;,
Oakland Baseball Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March G.-
Henry Liberty Hamilton of Palo Alto has
been chosen captain' of the .sophomore
track team. ""Hank", Hamilton is con
sidered by . many the cardinal's crack
sprinter, although Tom McCoughern, the
newly elected freshman captain, will vie
with him for the honor. giigpil
Will Lead Stanford Sophomores.
N. S. Hand, the handicapper, of .113
Stockton street, gave hig subscribers
every winner yesterday, picking four
races one, two, three, which is the world's
record. , Hand-has a larger following than
any handicapper ever on the coast, includ
ing a number of well-known bookmakers,
who have quit booking and 'are now ope
rating on his system with great success.*
Picked Six Straight Winners.
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS, March 0.— CreBcent City
summary: . .
First race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles
— Josie F won. Lady Chorister second, MapU
.third. Time, 1:48^4. -
Second race, selling, nix furlongs— Sir Chrie
topher won, Sim W second. Horseshoe Tobacco
third. Time, I:l3i/j;
Third race, selling, six and a half furlongs-
Siphon won, X'arnassus second, Julia Junkln
; third. Time, 1:21.
Fourth race, handicap, rfeven furlongs—An
dreu wnn, Torn Klngsley second. Grantor third.
Time, 1:27. , . . ¦ . .
. Fifth race, one mile and a quarter, selling
Little Elkin won,- Linden Ella .second, Jena
third. Time, 2:07*4.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards-
Mynheer won, Algie M second, Homage third.
Time, 1-AG%. ,
A host of volunteers gave an interest
ing programme, consisting of - boxing,
singing and dancing. The affair,; which
was under the auspices of the Bay City
Club, was well attended.
A" boxing and vaudeville entertainment
was given last night at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex, the receipts of which
were for the benefit of the Union Labor
party fund, and more particularly to aid
the party contestants in the election con
test.' :/'. .¦.;¦ ;• ¦ •'.".'¦
Benefit to Union Labor Party.
Selections for To-Day.
First race — El Karn, Rasp, Onyx.
Second race — Little Margaret, Temprano.
Len Reno. , ,"-'^.~ /
Third race— Tower of Candles, Sea Lion,
Quiet. ..
¦ Fourth race — Lady Meddlesome, Urchin, Lav
ator.
Fifth race — Estado, Pupil. El • Rey.
Sixth race — Quiz?. II, Lodestar, Ned Dennis.
,M. J. Rowe, a pharmacist, waa arrested
yesterday morning and booked at th© City
Prison on a charge of disturbing the
peace. - The complaining .witness against
him is B. H. Gleason, pharmacist, Clay
ana Kearny streets, with whom Rowe has
been employed for the past year. "
Yesterday morning he went to the drug
store while under the Influence, of liquor
and putting his hand in hla hip pocket
said to Gleason that he was going to kill
himself, and as Gleason had been a good
friend to him, he wanted him to accom
pany him across the river Styx. Gleason
threw him out of the store and had him
arrested. He did not have a revolver on
him. . . • ¦ ¦
KOWE WANTS GLEAS0N
- TO DIE WITH HIM
SADDLE HORSES,
Gray single-footing mare— J. Dutro, Hay
wards. .-• • . v
1 Bay single-footer— H. W. Meek, San Lo
renzo. ¦ ¦ v
Black saddle horse— R. Reed. Haywards.
Gray saddle mare — Gove Roberts, San Lo
renzo. . • ' . .
Saddle ponies— Ridden by Harry Buck, Je
rome Gray,. Earl Brunner, Joe Lawrence. !
Shetland pony — Robinson Crusoe. Meek es-
Shetland pony— Frank Hoffling.
Black team— Sire, Benolt. Mills & Jones,
Haywards. \, i
FOUR-IN-HAND.
F.i Wtnton, Haywards.
DRAFT TEAMS
"rav team, Percheron mares — L. Schafer,
Oakland.
DRAFT COLTS.
One gray gelding, 23 months old— M. F. Fa
ria. Centervllle.
One brown filly, 22 months old — M. E. Perrla/
Centerville.
One black gelding, 23 months old — V. M.
Garln, Centerville.
One black gelding, 10 months old — II. E. Per
ria. Centerville.
One chestnut filly, 9 months old— F. Smith,
Centerville.
Gray colt, 11 months old — Sire, Fresno; bay
celt, fl months old: sire. Pluto. Meek estate.
DRAUGHT STALLIONS.
Benolt (Imp.) — William Bond, Irvlngton. •
Black Prince — Sire, Pointsman. J. Jensen,
Haywards.
Alvarado Chief — Sire, Benolt: dam, Perche
ron mare. Alvarado Stock Farm.
Grant — Pacific Investment Company, Newark.
Victor — Sire, Grant. Pacific Investment Com
pany.
Hercules — Sire, Benolt (imp.): dam, Model
Prince. M. A. Numes, Haywards.
Voltalr Jr. — Sire, Voltalr (imp.); dam by
Adolph (Imp.). Frank Smith, CenterviUe.
Fresno— Sire, George Washington;- dam,
Molly, by Illiors (imp,). -Meek estate, San Lo
renzo.
Pluto — Sire, Benolt (Imp.); • dam, • Marsabi
(imp.). Meek estate.
For a moment it looked as if several in
terior towns would be minus their Chiefs
of Police, but fortunately the scuppers of
the tug were large and the water drained
off rapidly, giving the officials a secure
anchorage on the wet deck of the tug or
a safe hold on any old thing they grabbed
in desperation to keep from being washed
overboard.
When the big wave washed over the
Markhfim, Chief Sullivan of Sacramento,
Chief Hodgkiris of Oakland, Chief Rey
nolds of Butte, Captain Spillane, Detective
Gibson, Captain Dunleavy, Chief Stanford
of Valiejo, and several others, were en
joying a smoke and swapping police
reminiscences on the stern. They did not
have time to get out of the way. , . The
water enxeloped the bright stars of police
dom in drenching night and toppled them
all over the deck. Chief Hodgkins looked
Now, yesterday was a rather bad day
for corn-fed Chiefs of Police from the in
terior towns to take their llrst lessons in
bay navigation. . When the tug got oppo
site Fort Point, a big sea piled aboard of
her and in a jiffy about ten Chiefs of
Police, two Captains ronnected with the
local force and a detective or two were
given an unnecssary bath and incidentally
a fright that will send them back home
with the distinct realization that thy
heads off the harbor are a bit more tur
bulent than the variety they might be
used to waking up with in the morning.
CHIEF OF POLICE WITTMAN
took tho visiting Chiefs on a,
tug ride arottnd the bay yes
terday. He piled all *orts of
refreshments, liquid and other
wise, aboard the State tug Governor
Markham, and everything went us merry
ns a wedding breakfast until the party,
at the latter end of the excursion, Was
taken out as fax as. the heads. ; .
John Peters, it is said, was well played
at -Hot Springs on Wednesday, with the
Hongkong and Calcutta poolrooms yet to
oe heard from.
As. long as Tommy Burns has> got
started and is telling the New Orleans
critics how bad the game out here Is,' he
might also relate to them the tale of how
he got beaten on Artilla. That -would
make interesting reading matter, too.
For reference: "Dope book," race 3055, date
December 28-Suneflo, 4 to 1, won; Artilla,
4 to 5, 'second. ¦
The Bell stakes for two-year-olds, to be
run to-morow, will be one of the most
open events of the season. All of the
best youngsters In training will face the
barrier and there is not apt to be any pro
nounced choice. An elegant silver punch
bowl, valued at $500, donated by L. V.
Bell, the New York turfman, goes to the
fortunate owner, of the winner along with
the stake m,oney.
Lee Jackson is gradually recovering
from the effects of winning tho Burns
handicap, for he piloted two winners yes
terday, and finished second on Ned Den
nis. ¦•
Track Notes.
Slddons was considered a $10,000 colt as
a two-year-old' and his recent form is
so good that Harry Stover is reported to
have offered ?3500 l yesterday for the four
year-old. If. the track should happen to
be rnuddy the; Thornton stake looks to be
at the mercy, of 1 the bay horse. If fast,
Lizzella, the aged daughter of Morello
will take a, lot of .beating. |
' C. J. Foy lost B,assenzo from the second
race. The;gelding' was entered to be sold
for $200 and; . was • claimed;. by Joseph
Maiden, owner, of Midnight Chimes. Add
ing the purse makes the purchase price
$525. . . . - •
All in all , the bay eutlng wag a great
jtuccewi.v Aside from tho watting, ¦ and
the jolly, pollca chiefs didn't mind that
the loantblt, everything' went off smooth-
Iy L ?!?° Markham left tho Mission-street
. wharf A about ii;so a. rn. and steamed to
- Hunters Point, where the party inspect
ed the.drydock under tho guldancu of
Chief Wittrnan. On leaving Hunters
•JHoint.the party indulged in light refresh
ments. The' lunch was nicely put up and
everybody enjoyed it. The next stop
ping-place was- Goat Island, where tho
entire party became the guests of Cap
tain MoSier, -who showed them all over,
'the training ship Pensncola and the
training scHool on the island. On leav
,ing there the Markham went to . Alca
traz, where another landing was made.
They were piloted over the Island by Cap
tain Fuller. . who showed them through
the military prison and over the ether
interesting portions of the island. Then
the Markham turned her nose toward
.the Golden Gate. The visiting chiefs en
joyed the -beautiful view passing out
through the, straits. In fact they enjoyed
every feature of the trip until that- big
wave came aboard and dampened their
ardor and incidentally their clothes.
:. On the way back the tug circled Angel
Island, then headed for home. At the
dock the visiting chiefs and all those
who. enjoyed Chief Wittman's hospitality
voted the bay outing a success.
Those who were aboard the tug were:
Chief Wittman,. Chief S. C. Hodgkins of
Oakland. Chief J. E. Sullivan of Sacra
mento. Chief J. A. Kidward of San Jose,
Chief T. D.' Briare of Stockton, ex-Chief
J. D. Gall of Stockton, Chief C- A. El
ton of Los Angeles, Chief J. D. Morgan
and wife of Fresno, Chief * J. M. Reynolds
and wife of Butte,. Mont., Chief Conrad
of Alameda, Chief Rawle of Santa Cruz,
Chief W. F. Stanford of Valiejo, Cap
tain John Spillane, Captain Dunleavy
and Detective Ed Gibson.
San Jose's. Chief and Captain Witt
man were up in the pilot-house
with the ladies of the party whil6
the roller was pickling the other of
ficials. Chief Kidward braced himself
against the lurch of the boat and said he
had sailed Alvlso Slough too often to
mind .any t such slight agitation of the
waters. Two 1 minutes later he became Im
bued with the theory that Bennett had
committed suicide by drowning and began
searching for his body- over the rail
down near the waves.
When the tug lurched under the weight
cf the sea, both Chief Hodgkins and
Chief Sullivan took a high. dive Into the
seething wateYs on the deck from their
perch on the flagstaff of the tug. Hodg
];ins came out of the mess hooked up to
the shoulderstrap of a newspaper man's
camera. It looked as if ; he was posing
before the instrument as a model of a
police chief In distress. Chief Sullivan
paid he felt wet Inside and out. Those
who didn't adjourned at once to the re
freshment cubby-hole and proceeded to
dampen that portion of their anatomy
that the sea didn't reach.
Chief Conrad of Alamoda wound up
with his arm around- a, 10-inch hawser,
and he said afterward that it didn't seem
big enough to keep a Mulgairn heifer
cut of an alfalfa Held. •
townrd Oakland and madfl. ft mighty ef
fort to ollmb tho ilajnttaff, but Chfef Sulli
van of 8acrnm(«nto thought he had a bet
tor right to go heavenward, und he made
ii fierce effort to jk^cp from joining Dan
McUinty by clinging foat to Hodgklns'
toat tails. ; Chief Heyholda made & corn
jilcte circle of the. deck in the eddying
whirl of «ea water and landed, feet first,
in a life preserver. :.. Captain Splllane got
tangled up with Ed Gibson; and when the
water cleared off they found Gibson
clinging by his teeth ' to k the anchor
chainB. Captalii Splllane had a strangle
hold on Gibson a shoestring.
• r
SOME INCIDENTS, AMUSING AND OTHERWISE, OP THE TRIP OF THE THIEF-TAKERS AROUND THE DAY
ON THE STATE TUG MARKHAM YESTERDAY AS THE GUESTS OF CHIEF OF TOLICE GEORGE W.
• WITTMAN OF THIS CITY. ,
Sixth race — Six and a half furlongs, selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
3-100 Ned Dennis. .107 .:.: Iridium ;..... 10S
S353 Pencil Me 104 33S1 Eldred . . . 108
3222 Capt Gaines...ll0 (3380) Lodestar 113
3382 Clarando .....105 (33!>6;Qulzz II...... 110
32S7 The Singer. ..107 3356 G rnd Sachem.. 113
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
2920 Gypsy Boy 107 3367 El Rey 108
3277 Burdock .....112 3084 Cath. Bravo.. 114
3378 Estado . . • ... .107 3400 Lomond ..... 123
337rLemuel ......107 3306 Gold Baron. ...112
3377 Talma U2 3383 Pupil 120
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing: five-year-olds and upward. ¦ •
3380 Frank Woods.lll 3323 Idalette ...... 89
(2S40)L. Medd'some.109 3380 Lavator .......101
3285 Morlnel , . 09 .... Mistleton ... .101
3044 Dr. Bernays..lll 3362 Malaise — ... 99
3375 Urchin 101 (3300)D. of York II. Ill-
Third race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and unward.
3328 Huachuca .... 07 (3382) Sea Lion 105
3357 T. of Candles. 0!) 33C9 Botany 100
3358 Quiet 03
. S the date for the deciding of the
J\ Thornton four-mile statr.e ap
, /\\ proaches, Saturday, March 15,
vt\\ keen interest is beginning to be
evinced in this event. In a sort
of preliminary over one and three-quar
ter, miles at Oakland yesterday three of
the candidates for the long distance race
met. Slddons, the four-year-old sen of
Wadsworth and Modjeska, and a prime
favorite in the betting, defeated .Black
Dick in cakewalk fashion. The last
named horse, ridden by Johnny Woods,
went out to make the pace with good
intentions, but was passed early by the
winner, piloted by Lee Jackson. CHd
Dorian, with Winnie O'Connor on his
back, ran like a two-year-old for three
quarters of a mile, and then began mak
ing an exit. Unless the ancient piecu of
racing material develops much greater
staying qualities he will not cut much of
a fleure in the Thornton,
Jealous, no doubt, of the wide swath
cut by long uhota the flay before, fa
vorite* took to the eluehy going like a
Cuek to tha water, capturing every race
on the card. The attendance wa* Urge,
many no doubt expecting to «ee anuther
army of outsiders parade past the wire
iJlackthern, from the Burns & Water
house stable, was ft starter In the open
ins live and a half furlen« scramble,
unit by many waa cotwldowd a supposed
SSod thing. The biaek gelding made a
?Air Mhowfnir. but at tha wire -.wait, led
out a fc£g th by Derby Winner, which
hnr«o clotipd a slight fuvorite In the bet
ting, A? tlr leading for a time, Oratossa
the speed of'the.elgh.t start
er« in tho six-furlong spin. Quiz* li, pi
loted by Koacoe Troxlcr, scored an easy
win. The St. Plorlttn gelding ruled a :: to
2 favorite, and after making all the run
ning passed the Judges four lengths be
fore Bassenzo. Foul Play, after trailing
tho leader, lost the place by a head.
Light-weighted Legal Maxim, equal
favorite in the betting with Cougar cap
tured the mile selling event. Johnny
Daly took the three-year-old out in front
at the start, and though somewhat ex
tended at the close, downed Cougar a.
length Billy Lyons, at 30 to 1, ran into
the show, ahead of Courtier.
Of course, with the track made to or
der for the occasion, there was no beat
ing Duckoy in the six and a half -furlong
event. The Morris mudlark, a 2 to 5 fa
vorite, outfooted Dunblane on the back
stretch, winning in a gallop. Sweet Tooth
was an absentee, the show falling to
M Ru1lnp eaual favorite with Horton for
the tinal six-furlong run. Gusto displayed
an entire absence of speed and has ap
parently gone back. O'Connor brought
Horton on from last position, disposing of
Ned Dennis cleverly at the end. The lat
ter horse was extensively played for the
place. Gusto finished third. ,
Following are the entries for this af teis
noon's events:
First race— Five and a 1 half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
3:577 Rasp 108 3347 El Karn 116
3383 Sam Green, ...112 3.110 Spry Lark.;. .118
33G7 BHllsls • 114 2933 R. Wheel US
3383 Little Gun. . . .106 3280 Onyx .112
a^OO Helen Smith.. 106 3378 Jer. Edwards.104
3388 Tufts .'..ilM 3394 Lit. Mtnch Jr.120
Second race — Four furlongs, selling; maiden
two-year-olds. i
3342 J. McGowan. .103 3379 Clarlnette ... OS
3126 The Forum... 112 3379 J. H. Bennett.101
. 3342 Temprano ...103 33S5 Len Reno 103
* 3169 Venecia .....103 3312 Lit. Margaret. 10.1
3385 The Phantom. 104 3379 Guida 08
.... A. Callaghan.115
\>:»d W— Sire, Boodle. 2:12',4; dam by Elmo.
T. Witherly.- Irvington.
Lecr.a— Sire. WJJliam Harold. 2:13',4; dam by
Elector. Meek estate, San Lorenzo.
Hay mare — A. P. Caldvrell. Oakland.
SINGLE CARRIAGE HORSES.
Iiay mare end gelding, names, Sansome and
Tcpsy — Sire. Sportsman, imp.; dam, a Morgan
mare. O. C. Benbow, Irvington.
Carriage team — Owned by E. Topman, Mil
pitas.
Carriage team of black? — C. M. Buck, Hay
v.ardf.
Ray marcs— Sire, "Welcome, 2:10>4. Meek
estaie. Fin Lorcnza.
CARRIAGE TEAMS
DRIUXG TEAMS.
Hlack pacing mare — Sire, Direct. 2:05'/4;
inm, Mabel, by Kabuc.* I. S. Cunningham,
Ka> wards.
Black flilies — One by Educator, one by grand-
Fon of Director. 2:17. J. McConaghy, San
Lorenzo.
Bay team — Dr. Dean, Haywards.
Sorrel team of mares — C. M. Buck, Hay
wards. ..
Bsy t?am, mares — H. H. Sorensen, Hay
wards.
Brov.n mare and g^ldins — Sire, Welcome,
2:HAs. W. E. Meek. Ban Lorenzo.
Bay marc? — Sire. Welcome. 2:10^4. Meek
e*-t£t«\ San Lorenzo.
Krown team — Gelding by McKinJey, 2:11%:
mere by Gcssiper, 2:14%. H. W. Meek, San
Lcr?nzo.
Norlc? — Sire, ¦ Charles Derby, 2:20; dam,
Nuulahka. Charles Brannln.
Perrl — Sire. Warren; dam, Perlian. N. D.
L'titchpr, Livermorei * -
Nance— Eire, Allard; dam, Doll}-. C. Heyer,
llaywp.rdf.
ile:i:ck— Sire. Diablo. 2:0l>'.i; dam, Abis
t-'.i m. Kd Hai.?, Hayvards.
.iJuik Ero? — Sire, Educator; dam, Juanita.
C. Iverson, San Leanoro.
M8gKie V — Bire. Merrual; cam by Venture.
ii. B. Van Derboost, Irvington.
Allie *"lark — Sire, A. A. More; dam, Ulster
Chief. J. A. Uarlin. San Ramon.
Nellie — Sire. Don Derby-; dam, Hulda, by
Guy. M. A. Numes, Haywards.
Lady — Pire. Lcngstrect ; dam, Lady Whipple.
P.Md Brothers. Alvarado.
Lady Wlikes— Sire, Orkney Wilkes; dam by
Hteinway Jr. L. A. Graham, Haywards.
Uavcl— Sir*. Roy Wilkes. 2:(Mi%; dam, Lucy,
*•>¦ Abbotsford, 2:19. A. W. Schaffer, Mount
Kdpn.
Bay colt — Sire, Dudley; dam. Ravel. A. W.
S chaffer.
Bay rr.are — Sire, A'cona; dam, -. George
Petermau:*, Mount ndpn.
Sorrel filly — Site, Clipper, 2:06. George
Pctermann.
Enoch — Sire. SMmoore, 2:17*4; dam, Aicona.
Georce Gray, Haywards.
Excmir.er— Sire. Guide. 2:16, by Director,
2:17; <Z»m. Addle S. by Steinway, 2:15>4. R.
I£. Hevalk. Oakland.
Flcrc — Fire. Ohio Boy; dam untraced. I. B.
Fareons, liaywards.
ROADSTERS.
The horpe fair to be held at Hay wards,
Alarr.pda County, to-morrow gives every
promise of success. The various com
mittcts In charge have plenty of funds
rnd if the day be clear the programme
irfll be carried out as announced. In case
the day prove stormy a postponement
will be' announced. The official entries
** TROTTING AND PACING STALLIONS.
Bonny Direct, recbrd 2:05»*— Sire, Direct,
2:tijVi; dam, Bon lion. Owner. Charles OMf-
IHh, i'Kasanton.
Btam B. 2:11V*— Sire. Etamboul. 2:11: dam,
lielle Medium. Entered by Satnuei D.
Oarnlile, I'leutantor..
Comet Wilkes, 2:21— Sire. Guy WUkes, 2:15;
dam. Mamie Comet. Howiett & Lewis, elm
cord.
Gjff Topsail 2:1G— Sire. Diablo. 2:C0Vi: dam,
ttelle, by Aicona. 15d Kavanaugh, Valiejo.
Monterey, 2:(W",- fclre, Sidney. 2:l»-\; Uam.
liattle by Ccm. B&lmont. V. J. imams,
mii>ita!-. ,; . ,
liarondale. 2:11 Vt— Eastern stahion, Birert by
Earon WUkes, 2:1S; dam. Nathalie, by Nut
uocd. Owner, Tom -James, Kan Jose.
Alice 2:10 — Eastern stallion; nire. Alcyone,
by George Wilkes; dam,. Louisa, trial 2:37. i>.
to. Krehe. San Jcse.
PiEtol— Eastern £ta!!ion; sire, Lancelot, J:2o;
dam. I'cj'eronla, by Alcontaia. B. S. Krehe,
tiar. Jcse.
Nearest, 2:22 V- — Sire, Nutwood \v ilke3,
2:lU'i: uam. Ingar. by Director, 2:17. Owner,
'li. \V. Bart tow, tan Jcse.
Big Boy — Sired by Nearest, 2:22yi; dan:.
Camo, by Norway. Owned by T. \V. liar
ttow, Han Jcse.
Gossiptr. 2:14^4 — Sire, Simmone; dam,
Bryan, by Smuggler, 'J:\o\i.
Prince Gossiper — Mre. Gossiper. 2:14"i; dam,
Fannie Bash. Paciflc Investment Company:
Welcome. 2:lv\-. — Sire. Sidney, 2:1»%; dam
Cricket. 2:10. H. AV. Meek, San Lorenzo.
Educator — Sire, Director, 2:17; dam. Ver
mont Messenger. M. Henry, Haywards.
Ed Kitl — Sire. Educator Director, 2:17; dam,
Julia, by Rustic, 2:30. M. Henry, Hay wards.
Paramount — Sire, Altamont; dam, Nancy, by
Enquirer. A. O. Gott, . Alameda. i
Skylark — Sire, Comet \Vilkes. 2:31; dam,
Flora Stevens.
Nicholas Verbevstchik — Sire. Verbovetchik;
dam. Samka. A. J. Brewer, Irvington.
Two-yuar-old stallion— Sire, Nutwood Wilkes;
dam. Rose McKinney. E. Tcpham, Milpitas.
Prince Ansel — Sire, Dexter Prince; dam,
Woccncwer. C C. Crippen. Mayfleld.
Seymour V.'ilkes. 2:0S 1 / ~i — Sire. Guy Wilkes,
2:10; dain. Karly Bird. J. H. White, Lakc
ville.
Sidmoor, 2:17"i — Sire, Sidney, 2:19^i; dam,
Mamie Hamey. John Ott, Chico.
Warren — Sire, Walker, by Prompter; dam,
May. N. D. Duteher, Livermore.
Warren Jr. — Sire, Warren; dam, May. N.
D. Duteher, Livermore.
Alexander Maione — Sire, Alexander Button,
2:20' a ; dam, Carrie Maione. C, C. Crippen,
lluyneld.
Aleka— fiire, Charles Derby, 2:20; dam, Lilly,
by [Upon. Ucve Roberts, Han Lorcnaso.
Two-year-old— Bin: Diablo, 2:UV»'^; dam,
Luey Cobel. Ueorge O, Meese, Dafivllle.
Clovie Jr.— Hirt. Clovis: dam Mamie, by
|3lectJp»eer. Ueoiee Q, Meeie, Danvlll«,
Prlfwe Henry— fciir*, Altamont. 2:20; dam.
I-...:? 1..11 ¦¦...!. J>. H. Kmulley, Ifaywftrda,
p.-wey^Hu* 1 , Altumont, 2;20; d»tm, Mabel,
ly NBbUf, I, fl, Cunningham, llnywsrdn.
AblfiJ, S;£»>— 8fre, Urund Heurc; dam, HUtU
Heft-, Owmt, William 1>?wu,
Met*— Slit, M«»iu; dam, Urownte. Mitchell
Teuum, Jl«ywiir<Jit.
U»y colt— f-jrt. Edueatfir, L. Je»<>ph, liny-
W6rds.
liintk «"<jlt— ?\r*. VAue&Xmr ; dam, Ohio Boy,
,i Ptstiion. Ifkyward*.
TROTTlXa-liHCD MAREH AND COLTS,
Crttk«, 2:lu— =Hir*. ftrinwiy, 2:25; dam,
witch, %Mth thfrf of htr family. H, w,
Jklitk, Han Irfcrfnfco.
Uay rnerp— Silt. Nutwood Wllktg, 2:16', a ,
Ovhrr, Tony linon, llaywurd*.
IlilOft— t?ir», Oulde, 2;l«. by Director: dam,
'Alice It, by Nal'ue, Hrr. Cro%i*pf, llaytvariis.
El*ie— Piro. Kilver Bow, 2:J(». by Itobert Mr
'UreptT. 2:17; dam, Ai'die B, oy Stcinway, 2:»3.
M. HtOTfi Haj'WaKjf.
Thttfl — clif. Albion, 2:21. by K'ectionrer;
Aum. Ten Brock (thoroughbred*. M. Henry,
linyvurdp.- - —
Julia— Hire. Rustic. 2:30; dam. Delong Black
Hawk. M. Henry.
t.'reyrrnt, l-yeci-old — Hire. Kducator; dam.
The Ohio Boy. I. B. Parsone, Haywards.
Ropresentative Animals oi
Various Ola83es on
Exhibition.
Fashionably Bred Horses
Will Be Shown at
Hay wards.-
They Spend .the Day Sightseeing and inspecting All the Interesting
Points Around the Harbor and Incidentally Have an Exciting
Finish Off the Heads, Where; a ;GreatWave^
DRESS PARADE
OF BLOOD STOCK
GOLF HONORS
FOR FAIRBANKS
Wins Coast Champion
ship Handily From
Lawson.
Victor Assumes Lead at Start
and Is Never bver-
hole. It was a mixture of misfortune and ,
carelessness.
Toward the end of the match Fairbanks
made each hole ia bogey. Playing sure
and strong as he was it was believed that
Lawson's chances were nil and this opin
ion was confirmed when the latter made
his. only poor drive of the day. Each man
went out in forty, which left Fairbanks
5 up and only 9 to go. At the thirteenth
hole Fairbanks holed out a long put for #
a 3, while Lawson took 4 and the match
and the championship went to the former,
7 up and 5 to play.
To-morrow the open championship com
petition, given by the Southern California
Golf Association, will commence at tha
Country Club. It will be seventy-two
holes, medal play. As all the noted pro
fessionals spending the winter on th»
coast as well as the best amateurs of
the State will participate some excellent
golf is assured.
A meeting of the Pacific Coast Golf As
sociation was held to-night, when J. VV.
Byrne of San Francisco was elected to
fill the vacancy in the board caused by
the death of Hugh Tevia. P. E. Bowles
of Oakland, president of the Northern
California Association, was elected an ex
ofllcio member of the board of directors.
; I _ , » ? •
A • wise man shuts his eyes when ha
looks at a woman's faults.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— Walter
Fairbanks, the Southern California ama
teur golf champion for 1901, went one step
higher to-day and won the championship
pt the Pacific Coast for 1902. In the final
match with John Lawson of San Fran
cisco Fairbanks secured the premier
championship by the score of 7 up, 6 to
play.
Another championship was decided to
day—that of the Southern California Golf
Association— when H. M. Sears won the
title by defeating J. E. Cook 7 up and 5
to play.
The greatest interest attached, to the
match between Fairbanks and La'wson
and it was followed by the spectators
morning and afternoon. Lawson won the
first hole by holding out a short ap
proach, a beautiful shot. This was the
only time he was up in the match, for his
opponent took the second and third and
was never less than 2 up until the end
of the game.
The morning round ended 4 up for
Fairbanks. At the twentieth hole both
¦were short in apDroach puts and Fair
bonks laid his tifth at the cup's rim.
Dawson had a four-foot put for the hole,
but instead of holding out struck his op
ponent's ball, knocking it in, and lost the
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
tiie oalus ia.A.aiisrGi- form cstulrt
0AKLA1TD RACETBACK— Thursday. March 6— Weather sho^ry^Track sloppy.
3305. FIRST RACE — 5V 2 furlongs; gelling; maiden three-year-old3; to first. $325.
— •_ — Betting.
Index Horso and Weight.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3389 Derby Winner.... 114 4 el 4~5 Tn Tl W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 3 13-5
Blackthorn 112 3 51 3h"35 2 1% Bui?is & Watrhs. Ransch 8-5 13-5
3335 Oratossa 107 1 13 14 2h 38 A. B. Spreckels.Blrkrth 8 «
3348 Sleeping Child 109 2 3h 21 45 4» JJ. Moran Frawley 15 23
.3200 Sterling Towers.. 108 5 41 61 51 85 Musto & Ruiz Hoar 10 3U
1974 Myriad Dancer. ..Ill 7 7 10 7 15 78 81 Paplnta J. Matthews ' l.> -<>
3200 Lana 112 6 2h 63 63 73 Chinn & Forsythe.Conly 3 3
32B3 Eva N 107 8 8 8 8 S S. J. Jones ..W. Duggan 60 15U
Time— i/j, :27; %, :55; 5y a f. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. H.
Ketcheman's b. g. by Herald -Alcoyne. Derby Winner, a alow beginner, closed well through,
the stretch. Ransch on Blackthorn saved ground turning into the stretch, but could not
land. Oratossa could not stay. Sleeping Child improving. Lana cut off. Scratched—
Mythrox 112, Balteat 1UO, Yrsula 107, Breton 117
.{.{}>«. 8ECOXP RACE— Six furlongs; selllns; three-year-olds and up; to n>st, ?325. -
____ , „ _ , _ , Betting.
Index Howe, Age, Weight. St. Vi. %. Str. Fin, ¦ Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(!«««) Qut*~ 'u~~4.~....'.~.ili 2 2~3 Tl Ts 1~4 j" M. Crar.e. . ".', T.Traxler 7-5 3-«
3373 Baesenso, .'I , 101 8 3 2 8 2 3 1 U C. J. J'oy.,.....J. Daly 8-5 3
(3307) Foul Flay, B....H3 t in 2n 21 31 Howley A Co Prior 4 .1
3.184 Mid. Chlmea, 0..113 3 4 1 II 6 2 4 IVi Jost-ph Maiden. .Jttckaon B l«
2!)U1 Mum. tfllilrt-ih, 4.110 5 is li H 10 4 1 5 10 O Jiurger ,.8a» 10 VU
8373 Cuban Olrl, 4....110 M 5 8 5 1 « 10 M 15 P, t'orrlgan Ranaeh d ti
33S8 Gold Bftron, 6. ...HO 7 H H 7 10 7 20 if. L. JtaaktU U«ll 1«" *0u
.... Henora Cafnar. B..1U 4 7 3 TIP H IS Klmwootl £arnv....Hattr 20 !'*>
Time— U. :20U: H. »S3j %. 1:21. Ra4 »tart. Wen «a»lly. Heeonrt and third «trlvln*. Wln«
n*r, J. M, CrsnA'a b, %, by M, J-'lorJan-Qufeniitown. Qula had the *pe#4. U*«««ni8o
ftwwy poorly. Foul Play tired the Ian- part. Chimes did talrly well. Cuban Olrl la poor
ponltlon an rail.
nnO7. THIRD ftACE— One mll<>; filing; tlireo-ycar-olda ami up; to flrnt, 1.123.
— = , — — - «___ _ — Uettlnjr.
Index Horse,' Age, Weight, it. '/*. %. Str, Fin. Ownsr and Jockey. Op. Cl.
nws Le*al Mnxlm, 3.. O.'l 3 12 12 12 11 Jonea & Co J. Dalv H-R 3
(tKBiH) Cougar, 1 ...... .Ui> 2 22 22 25 2*4 Elmwood Farm..Itaniien x ¦'• 2
a.XI!» Billy Lyonit. 4... 10» ft « fl n 3 2 a 4 .». H Bortano..A. Kelly 2» 2O
(K377) Courtier, 4 107 t) 4 h 3 ti 4 1 4 1 J, M. Crano Jackson B •
3.102 Rushnelda. a ....111 1 3n 4 1 B 10 G 15 c;. o. tlay Trnsler a »
.'I37. 1 } iMortngo, 0 ......111 4 6 2 H tf H E. M. O'Brien. .J. Wooda SH 80
Time— U. :27; 14, :63%; *,, 1:21%; mile, 1:40%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second an4
third driving. Winner, II. L. Jones & Co.'a b. «. by Basaetlaw-Mlaa Maxim. Maxim ex
tended the last sixteenth. Cougar has bad knees. Courtier had speed to burn the first part.
Rushflelds ran to his form of the preceding day. There Is nothing like consistency.
IUIOH. FOURTH RACE — Mile and three-quart ters; four-year-olda and up; to first, fiOO.
' j ~" ; liettlng. "
Index (Horse, Age, Weight. St. }J. %. Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(33S0) Siddons, 4 110 1 2 4 2 10 1 5 18 T. H. Stevens. . .Jackson 4-B 4-5
3.(38 Black Dick, 4 110 2 12 1 V» 2 15 2 60 I* V. Bell J. Woods 2 13-3
(3373) Dorian, a 110 3 3 3 3 3 Q. B. Morrta. ..O'Connor 4 . rt-S
Time— Mile, 1:55%: l^im, 2:22%; IVim. 2:60; l'Jim, S-.mi- Good start. Won easin*
¦.up. Second driving. Winner, T. H. Stevens' b. h. by Wadsworth-Modjeska. Black Dick
' seemed -sore going to the post. Slddons took lead when ready. Dorian under wraps for first
• three-quarters, then he faded away. »?*? .«
331)0. /FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $523.
• ' ' I' ' < Bettins
Index Horso. Age\ Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.. Op. Cl.
3387 Duckoy. 5 108 2 3 2 1 h 15 12 G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 1-3 2^5
2369. Dunblane. 5 Ill 3 2 4.22 2 10 2 12 Jennings & Co..J. Woods 2' 3
3381 Maresa, 4... 07 1 1 h 3 8 3 4 3 1 J. H. Dolan J. Daly- S n
(3220) Aloha II. 5...... 102! 5 .4 4 ; 4 10 5 50 4 100 Jones & Co Ransch 15 30
2341 La Borgia. 5 102| 4 5 5 B 5 Elmwood Farm Hoarj 40 150
Time— y t : :25?4; %. :51%: %, 1:19: 6%f, 1:28ft. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. G. B. Morris' b. g. by Brutus- Decoy Duck. Winner revels In
slushy going. Dunblane ran a nice race. Maresa tired. Scratched— Sweet Tooth 102.
it t(M). SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up: to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. '£. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O^? Ull Ci.
C340 Horton. 6 113 4 6 5 4 3 Vj 1 % J. McGovern.. .O'Connor 2 11 m
33S2 Ned Dennis, 5.... 110 1 2% 315 2n 2R Piedmont Stable.. Jacksn 10 in
(3384) Gusto. 5 113 2 1 IVi 1 n 11 3 2H P. Howlefy Uansch 0-10 1" irt
8245 B. Bohmanson. 4. 107 3 8 «'fl«4 8 4 »i Klunder & Burn*.. Hoar m 3™
3»?? Lomond. 5 114 « 43 4 4 5 5 5 8 Masrane & Co. ..Shields 15 ZO
3344 Tlzona. 5 110 5 5 1V 3 6 6 6 Partlngton Broa..TToxler 15 .35
Tlme^-Vi. :26; %. :53; %. 1:21. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner J McOnv
f™,"/t. h - by . E1 Rayo-Fusilladc's Last. Horton was fresh, with plenty of spwd So
feiftS v' S USUal W ag f of «**«». beln » straight when three furlongs, had b*en co^er?d
Bill Bohmanson will do in cheaper company. Tizona no "mudder." Scratched— &-.» r
{'4. Lady Sterling 04, King Dellis 113. Commissioner Forst^r 09 E-vea O
VISITING POLIGE CHIEFS ENJOY
BAY OUTING ON TUG MARKHAM
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALi^, FBIDAY, KARCII 7, 1902.
4
ADVERTISE ME NT 3.
— p*?i
Beer is not of age until it has
been "on lager" for at least four
to six months. A capacity to
continually store 375,000 bar-
rels provides ample facilities
to properly age all brews of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louis. U. S. A.
'Breuers of the famous Budwelser. Mlchelob. BlacK © Tan. Fau»t.
Pale-Lager. Anheuser-Standard. Export Palo and E^quisit*.
All orders promptly filled l>y
E. G-. LYONS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
Will II^iIl y/LJlfi \^ ? F REEF always at hand both for flavor- B|
p£?/j i ''^&^?a dlJ&QM \f$$ ' n S soups and sauces as well as for making ||;|
E&tf I jffig£l*3&g£ i >*\ 'n3* handy cup of hot beef tea, will oblige
Eefi J&ImiC^^ \ Ili ky sending her address to Dauchy & Co.,
trip's f |P?i?**?5Hf^nrn ' P %n w^ receive free, a useful cook book. Kg!
|.| If you have a fancy for fancy vests here is something of in-
|1 terest. We put on sale this morning a lot of fancy vests made
|| from silk matelasse— this is a sort of goods of French manufacture
hi in which the figured designs stand out in relief. The vests are made
|| in black grounds with colored, dots and figures in such colors as
|j blue and red. The vests come single and double breasted and are
ij cut in the latest style with or without collar.
ti A neat, fancy vest, such as one of these, tones up a suit und
li gives it a bright appearance. The former prices of these vests were
Pj $2.50, $3.00, $3-5O and $4.00; sale price
n Out-of-town orders filled write us.. \We are selling:, agents for the ."Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1' fountain pen in the world. San
born, Vail &'Co., 741 Market street. •
The Best Fountain Pens.
Seigel Will Is Sustained.
The will of Mrs. Jane Seigel. which n-aa
contested by her niece. Mrs. Hannah Mar
tin, on the ground that it was not the last
will of the deceased ami -on a charge of
undue influence was sustained by a jury
In Department 9 of the Superior Court
yesterday. In the disputed will Mr?.
Seigel left an estate worth about $20,000
to several nieces and Mrs. Hattle Keilus.
the -major portion of the estate going fo
the' last named, who was reared by the
deceased, ~
Olsen Has Disappeared.
, C. Hilderbrandt .reported to the police
yesterday the disappearance of.E.J. Ol
sen, shoe dealer, 1802 Bush. street. Last
Friday he was arrested, for being drunk
by Policeman Geimann and was dis
charged the following morning. Since
then he has not been seen nor heard of.
F. A.. Plymire and O. B, Hewitt were
convicted by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on
tho charge of violating the act prohibit
ing the practice of dentisry without a cer
tificate and each was fined $50. Their at
torney gave notice of appeal, stating it
wsn the intention of the defendants to
test the constitutionality of the act.
To Test Dental Act.
The Grand Jury will meet this afternoon
to begin an Investigation into the printed
rumor that a corruption fund of $6000, was
to have, been raised by policemen in order
to purchase the questions for the .civil
service .examinations .for promotions in
the department. Mayor Schmitz ¦ ha*
premised to lend his aid to sift the mat
ter to the bottom, but his Honor is not
sanguine that any result will come of th«
investigation. The Mayor said yestercuty
that the charge is based on the vaguesc
kind of a rumor and that a preliminary
investigation by Civil Service Commi.;
slorer Ohnimus and himself resulted in
nothing. However, many patrolmen-have
been summoned to appear before, the
Grand Jury and tell what. they know of
the charge, that they desired to buy pro
motions.' . -!>'.-,¦.¦• -w
gate Charge of Proposed Pur
chase of Promotion.
Gi and" Jury Meets To-Day to Investi-
WILL PROBE BUMOR OF
POLICE CORRUPTION" FTT2?D
There are, however, a large number of ap
pointments legally made by officials under the
It is claimed that the petitioner is an em
ploye, "whose compensation has riot- been fixed
by law," and hence he Is entitled to. payment
out of the last named fund, irrespective cf the
provisions of the one-twelfth . act.
It is evident, however, that if the claim of
the petitioner be Judicially sanctioned, any
copyist employed in the Recorder's office may
present a similar demand, thus exhausting the
one-twelfth apportionment of the general fund,
but also. drawing upon and possibly exhaust-
Ing the unapportioned fee. fund.
-It is claimed that, owing to the Increase of
work in the Recorder's o'flce. he was. under
section 12, authorized to employ extra persons,
whose demands should be paid out of the unap
portioned fee fund.
• The one-twelfth act provides that it shall
not be lawful for any officer having power to
Incur liabilities against the treasury to incur
orj present in any one month any demand
against any- appropriation which taken with
the other expenditures or liabilities incurred
up to the time of making such demand shal'
exceed one-twelfth part of the amount of the
appropriation for the fiscal year.
. Under thl3 apportionment the Rocorder was
entitled to $1011 per month for copyists. There
are more than twenty copyists employed by the
Recorder. Their demands could not be paid
out of the general fund without violating the
one-twelfth act.
Judge Hunt yesterday sustained the de
murrer Interposed by City Attorney Lane
to the petition for a writ of mandate filed
by Edward L. O'Connor to compel the
Auditor to audit his demand for $100 for
extra services as a copyist, in the Re
corder's office. - O'Connor' was an j extra
copyist and claimed that he was entitled
to" compensation for, his services out of
the unapportioned fee fund.
Judge; Hunt, in deciding the case, said:
\\hen the official budget for the year was
adopted the, sum of $23,ouO was allowed out of
the general fund for the payment of copyists
in the Kecordcr'B office.
Judge Hunt Sustains Po
sition Taken by Aud
itor Baehr.
O'CONNOR LOSES
ONE MONTH'S PAY
provisions of the charter, where the compen
sation ia not fixed by law. This is particularly
true of the appointees of the Auditor and of thi
Board of Health. If. therefore, the conten
tion of the petitioner were sustained, every em.
ploye of the municipality whose compensation
has not been established by law, but has been
determined by the appointing power can col
lect such compensation out of the "unappor
tloned fee fund." independent of the prov'.sior.a
of the one-twelfth act. This, in my opinion,
cannot be done.- The only inconvenience which
can result from the present situation is that
the party recording an Instrument may have
to -wait a little longer for its return. Relict
can be furnished in several ways.
The Recorder may, upon application to th«
Board of Supervisors, obtain an allowance
from the urgent necessity fund, or he may se
cure relief under section So. article 16. of the
charter, which provides that when any official
shall require additional clerks or employe*,
application shall be made to the Mayor there
for, and if he finds the same necessary, tlien
he may recommend the Supervisors to author
ize such appointment.
' Suits • for divorce were filed yesterday
bv Ida E. Thomas against John O.
Thomas for desertion, Jesse O. Story
against Elizabeth E. Story for desertion.
Grin Eastland against Emma J. Eastland
for desertion and Kathryne M.' Miller
against Robert J. Miller for cruelty. A
divorce was granted yesterday to Kate
Thompson from Ira Aldis Thompson for
willful neglect, and Adolph J. Steinman
v/as divorced from Emma Steinman, de
sertion being the ground. - .
She left her husband, she says, on the
night of the 4th inst. because he poked a
loaded' shotgun into her face and/threat
ened to kill her. Mrs. Blanck's maiden
fame was Ella Louisa Wise. The couple
have one child, a daughter, the custody of
whom the mother asks for. -' -
On January 19 of this year, further al
leges the. young wife, Blanck came home
and asked her 1 for money. She refused
and he grabbed her by the throat and
choked her until she was black In the
face. She was compelled, she alleges, on
this occasion to seek the protection of
her father and mother.
v.ife. -She charged him with beating her
cruelly on several occasions. ¦
Ella Louisa Blanck filed a suit for di
vorce against AV. A. - Blanck yesterday,
charging cruelty. In her complaint she
says she was married in 1899. when she
Tvns but lfi years of age, to Blanck, who
is ten years her senior. In April of the
following year she alleges her husband
brutally kicked and beat her, and in July,
1901, he made her life miserable by ap
plying to her all sorts of opprobrious epi
thets.
Mr. and Mrs. Callinan were married
secretly in San Jose a year ago. . The
r.ews of the marriage was not given out
until January of this year, and hardly
had the wonder it caused ceased when a
divorce suit was filed by the, musician's
was resumed an extended debate occurred
on the measure providing for '. the pro
tection of the President .of the United
States. Bacon of. Georgia took . the
ground that in its present shape the biil
was an invasion of the jurisdiction of
the States and that it ought to be amend
ed radically. Patterson T>f. Colorado,
while he agreed to the general proposi
tion of the bill, urged that it ought not to
pass -in its present form. No action < on the
bill was taken. \
Were Married Secretly.
That was what Gertrude E. Callinan
said yesterday "in Judge Hebbard's court
when questioned concerning her husband's
income. She is suing Callinan for divorce,
and the matter of the monthly income of
her husband was brought up by her at
torneys by a motion for alimony. Judge
Hebbard thereupon" issued an order di
recting Callinan to pay his wife $40 per
month, pendente lite, and $100 'counsel
fees.
"My husband earns $40 a week'as leader
of the orchestra at the Columbia Theater
and is also in receipt of a large income
from the former pupils of Mayor Schmitz.
When Schmitz was elected Mayor my
husband took his place as leader of the
orchestra and also took charge of the mu
sical education of the young people whose
musical talents Mr. Schmitz was develop
ing. . \ . ..
Callinan's Income Is Sub
ject to Inquiry by
; • the Court.
TEACHES MAYOR'S
FORMER PUPILS
The Police Depsrlmcnt of San Fran
rlsco was evidently misinformed or made
the victim of a hcax. The man taken for
"Kid" Goucher was Howard Bulkley. a
resident of this city and well known here.
H» fitted the description to a nicety, ex-
Senator Goucher. wanted in San Fran
(Isco for the murder of Policeman RoVtin-
Fon pome weeks ago. wa's on the Califor
nia Limited Sar.ta Fe irain which leaves
Sat. Francirco at 9 o'clock in the morn
ing and is due in Stockton at 31:33 a. m.
A df-rcription of the much-desired man
jitcompanied the merssse.
Arrangements were immediately mado
by the local police to locate the man and
1 rrvfnt his escape; Officers were fta
•,ii r<-d along the track outside of town,
fo that he would be unable to drop o.'f
the train before the city limits were
if nulled.
In 1K37 he left his home with a young
companion. The boys were caught at VI
salia and brought back to Fresno, but
Gorcher departed again and never re
turned. The picture gives an idea of the
shape of h's head and the contour of his
features. The short nose and thick lips
are still his prominent facial features.
Allan Goucher. better known as "Kid."
Tvhese picture taken when he was 9 years
old. Is reproduced here, was born In
Frrsno twenty years ago. He lived there
until his fifteenth year, attending tha
giammar school and spending one year
in the high school. While in the high
school he looted a telephone box.
Bulkley was much surprised to hear
that he had been mistaken for the al
leged murderer of Policeman Robinson
and is congratulating himself that he was
not arrested in San Francsico. where he
l^ad been for several days. The mfstake
of the San Francisco police occasioned
much merriment here.
cept that he was better dressed than the
telephone . message would indicate. He
carried a basket, as stated in the informa
tion. In the basket were new potatoes,
tomatoes, green peas and other eatables.
Bulkley has lived here for years. The
roliee surmised as soon as they saw Bulk
ley thru a mistake had been made.
"I thought the Senator and Morgan
were friends," replied Tillman.
Philippines the Key to the Orient.
"I know nothing about the purchase of
the Leyland line by J. P. Morgan & Co "
said Hanna, ""any more than the Senator
does. - That Is simply the investment of
American capital. Under the provisions
,of this bill not a single one of these, ves
sels ever will come under an American
register or an j American flag. Capital
seeks only investment from which it can
get returns."
"If that be true." inquired Tillman,
way did the German Emperor not ko
to England to get his yacht built, instead
of coming to this country?"
Hanna said there were some things he
could not answer, but he thought Prince
Henry was glad the Emperor did not do
it. "Perhaps the Senator has not heard
of the success and prestige of America in
the yachting line." suggested Hanna.
amid laughter. The German Emperor
he paid, wanted the best yacht made and
therefore he came here.
Tillman wanted to know what kind of
yacht it was and Depew described it as
a sailing racing machine of the same type
as heat the two Shamrocks.
Hanna declared that not an American
shipyard had a contract for another mer
chant vessel after the nine or ten vessels
now under contract were finished.
Everybody knows, continued. Hanna,
that the United States is now. engaged in
a hand-to-hand contest with foreign na
tions to secure the commerce of the Ori
ent, and that the United States had been
foremost and steadfast in its policy to
secure the markets of China* and hold
them as an open door. The Philippine
archipelago was the key to the Orient
said he, and when it had become a naval'
station, surrounded by all the protection
that a maritime fleet would need, it would
become a factor in our commercial con
ditions in the Orient. Hanna then said
it was the purpose of the bill under the
postal system to establish a line on the
Atlantic coast of South America.
How England Gained Her Supremacy
England had gained her supremacy in
the markets o£ the world by pursuing the
policr of establishing direct communica
tion.
"Personal contact," he said, "Is what
brings results and England, Germany
and France are now energetically at work
co put in the connecting link between the
Pacific and the Orient."
He spoke of the benefit that the passage
of the bill would bring as a result of in
creased trade with South American coun
tries, saying that trade now went by way
of Liverpool and Hamburg in foreign
ships and thence was transhipped to
South American ships. By carrying
American goods in American ships there
would be an increase of American trade.
In closing Hanna again adverted to the
question of the cost of labor, maintain
ing that wages in this country averaged
SO per cent higher than in European coun
tries.
The cost of ships built in the United
States was from 25 per cent to 30 per cent
higher than those built in Great Britain,
difference in price of labor making the
difference in cost. The difference in the
cost of operating American and foreign
ships was about 27 per cent, the higher
rates being paid ion American vessels.
He urged that the pending measure be
enacted into law as the one way to dem
onstrate to the satisfaction of all. that it
would be beneficent in its operations. -^ v
Early In the session Frye, in charge of
pending shipping bill, obtained an agree
ment that the Senate should vote on the
measure and all pending amendments at
3 p. m. Monday, March 17. the time being
entirely satisfactory to those opposed to
the bill.
Before consideration of the shipping bill
! An Important National Question.
j Senator Hanna said that if the United
i Stales tailed -to prom oy the experience
I of the older countries of Kurope, who
I have adopted a policy in ieierence to
! maritime matters, it would make a most
serious mistake. Every merchant ship
I constructed in foreign countries -was
; meant to be a ship of war in time of
i need. Hanna cited the feeling of uneasi
j ness along the Atlantic coast at the be
i ginning oi hostilities witn Spain and the
j relief which was experienced wridn the
] tour steamers of the American line were
! caled on by the Secretary of the Navy
i under the conditions of the law passed
i by Congress to perform picket service.
' He insisted that it was as important a
' national question as an economic policy
: to carry with the expenditure for build
ing up the navy, the expenditure for an
I auxiliary navy and merchant marine.
j There is something more in this trans
; portation question than merely carrying
mail matter; there Is more in it than dol
¦ lars and cents. He would like it. he said,
to be discussed above party considera
tions, because every one felt o like pride
in our>country's advance and development
and whatever is best tor the interests and
: safety and the perpetuity of our institu
! lions is best for all of us. ,-.
Tlllman interrupted to ask for Informa
! tion in regard to the reports that the
| Morgan syndicate had bought two or
i throe of oho European lines of steamers.
"You must ask somebody who knows,"
i replied Hanna. "1 do not Know anything
! about it."
"It was only reported you knew," sug
gested Tillman. "and I thought that the
Senator, being in touch with that class or
', people "
'Why docs the Senator say I am In
touch with them?" interjected Hanna.
Tillman: "The Senator is a man engaged
in shipping, is he not?"
"On the Great I-akes, yes," responded
Hanna, "but why does the Senator as
sume that I know what Morgan has
done?"
I .-k.f:ti»cu.n oinpyarub oi' in any smpyaru
id purely laooi. in<; cost of tne con&truc
1 ui.,i oi a siiiu in the u'niteu fcjtat.es as
: aguiiisi vnac in either England, Germany
i or i? ranee s»mpiy measures tne ditierenco
i oi: \vuacs anu me euicieiicy oi American
j labor.
i i-ianna then declared that the merchant
maimu was tne only mdusciy in me
ijiiiteu Stales winch nadiiot received tlie
losteiing care or tnis ciovernmeiH.
I "Will anybody deny," saiu ne, "tne 1m
i portanue — me aosuiute necessity— oi hav
i ma an auxiliary lor our navy in the form
i oi a tnercnani marine, shaped uyon. the
! direction of the isavy department and
! in time of war absolutely in the hands
i and under the control of tne President of
i tne United fatates to use it in the most ei
; fective manner?"
WASHINGTON, March C— A notable
speech was made in the Senate to-day
by llanna of Ohio on the pending ship
ping bill, which he discussed from the
|jtmt of an American business man. His
uiguments were carefully prepared, "io
ivas; always forceful ana earnest and at
times became eloquent. He^ commandea
the unaiviued attention of the\ Senate and
ot the galleries and when he closed he re
ceived congratulations Irom many of his
colleagues.
lianna'a remarks were principally ;n
answer to day s speech of "yesteruay. He
btid that when day quoted from *'rye'3
rtr.arks that all there was in' this ques
tion which requireu explanation was em
braced In tne one question of labor, ~e
Wits correct.
"i siana by that proposition, but I go
further, ihe ore in me ground is worm
-a etius a ion. Alter it was touched oy
me nand of man u was labor, xsineiy-five
per cent ot me cost of a ship ouut in
Says the United States Should Profit
by Experience and Adopt a
Fostering Maritime
Policy. ...
Believes That Ihe Merchant
Mar.ne Should Receive
Government Aid. v •
Discusses the Measure
From the Point of a
Business Man.
HANNA SPEAKS
IN FAVOR OF
SHIPPONG BILL
POLICE MAKE A CAPTURE,
BUT MAN ISN'T GOUCHER
Stockton Officers Discover That Mistake .Was
. Afade Regarding the Supposed Slayer of
Policeman Robinson in San Francisco
STOCKTON. March 6.— A telephone
messaso wns received by. the lo
cal police department at 9:30
o'clock this morning from Chief
of Police Wittman of San Fran
cisco, statins that "'Kid'" Goucher. son of
PICTURE OF A BOY WHO BE
CAME A CRIMINAL IN HIS
YOUTH.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH .7, 1 902.
5
Ban Francisco, Friday, 7 March, IP02. I
fl
j To-day — special sale]
* t-Vj m ' •' n
C — _q §
With the opening of the store this morning at eight |
I o'clock and continuing 1 only until six this afternoon, when the 5
store clones, we will offer three of our most popular sizes in U
Axminster ruRS at special prices. The patterns are rich floral H
and scroll designs, and there is nothing newer or handsomer ra
to be had at the prices these rugs regularly sell for. 0
'", Sizes and special prices are as follows: H
§ 27 by 63 inches \ ".*.'.* ".'.". *.$i.qo - I
fl 36 by 72 inches $ 2 . 0 - H
I Remember, this is but a one-day event and you cannot af- * S
I ford to miss it if vou are in need of a good rug. H
Positively no telephone or mail orders honored you 1
must come into the store No more than one rug of each size ' 1
l^will be sold to any single purchaser. a
13— — — — — — — q Jl
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
I 957 to 977 fffarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue:
A swell made, New spring goods
well made, union for boys and youths
made suit for $ 9 arriving every day
, We f ay swell made because the suits are the very yliS^^|fi|i aUsf S£ dTy
•mate rials iC^S^a'^uSe'&S^ ™ ey are the swellest of I<3 ° 2 creatfons - The SI
f n Uie wevaifin^ stvS comprise suits and overcoats in ail-wool goods, wash
> ii^ffef^ zw PH iaiiil Si - W&iSk
our own workshops and we. know thatnt is done in a thatwe are in the field earlv and alwavs hw th^ Ht^t
iatest -
garments. .,;;:; -; :-.-.-: ; ;(- ;.; . .';•¦ : - ; < ¦ i :.;.:. " :;/\ ;¦.•.;, -:."/\ Norfolk Suits
We^callyouratt'ention tO'the.;'fact that 4he SUitS ; are Made of all-wool tweeds in the latest 1902 designs of plaids and
made by un!on-.iat)Or because ,we you to know that checks; yoked and plaited front and back; ages 4 to 14; price
the making is done per|eGt}sanitary^conditions by $4.50
white cutters and tailors, -v. The- suits bear the union label. . _ •
:• . Our $9 suit is the best regular-value we ever offered. .. ; : : Three=piece SllltS
A guarantee goes wiUV>3Ch •Suit—money, back if you Made of all-wool tweed mixtures in stripes and plaid<; comprise
want it; a year's repairing free. ' . 1 - v coat » ve st and knee pants; coat single or double breasted; strong.
See the Suits tO-day, ~ " :'• serviceable clothes made by us in our own workshops; we guar-
. ' . . antee the workmanship; ages 9 to 16; the price
,^Out-of-town orders £*\ liL f 1 A ldF\ /\ Bf\ if"V^ A glance at our win-
anything in men's or VjZjr § llm H*J^ '*^Jr 1^^ Ol} W ll ff interesting, whether
boys' clothing, furnish- f Wr*- / you need clothes, hats
ings or hats. 7 l8' Market Street. or furnishings.•HOTEL DEL CORONADO, choicest Winter
Resort in the world, offers be»t living, "climate,'
boating, bathine,' fishing .and" most amuie
' men ts, E. . S. Babcock, 1 . manager, • Coronado, Cat,
¦: ;.'; New York pemocracy. would like -very much ' to
raise the tarifr.issueagairi,rbut-Southern Democracy
has tried the, thing-; once, and ha"" s no'.'de'sire for more.
New York has passed a law against' shooting
matches with live" birds for targets, and the next
thing we know she will be crowding Massachusetts
out of the front seat in moral reform exhibitions.
Jane Layng writes in the -; Boston
Transcript, that one who has- for years
known "nerves,"- 'both from within and
without, "offers the opinions that -'nerves
are the very devil— of selfishness.".
It is said.the'sriqw-nieltihg machines now in opera
tion" in. New , York ; City do each as much as ten j men
and a' half-d^zen , teams, ¦¦ and Awhile there is some com
plaint, that they: throw snow. shovelers and teafnsters
out of a job,';the.city isj proud'pf them. . ' .
The Washington Post says there is considerably
less gambling at the Capitol now than there used to
be, and now it is harder than ever to understand the
recent demand for an increase of Congressional sal
aries.
Eleven years' ago the New York' Chamber of Com
merce gave ;the .sculptor,.- St. -Gaudens/ an orde'r for
a 'statue £f General ? Sherman,: with' the! understanding
that it \v£is to be finished in* eight years. He has
just -asked; for an _ : extension ,of time, and it looks as
if he intended to- make; a life-work of-- it. * ¦ ' ' :•'?--'":
While all the powers of. Europe are declaring that
each was our particular friend during the war with
Spain, China is reversing the process by saying she
was the particular friend of each of them during the
Boxer uprising; and that is the little difference in
diplomacy between a strong power 1 and a weak one.
I . • Congressman;. Mi.ers 1 oi ;Iridiaria . estimates, it will
take an; at my of .30,00c. men .twenty-five years to
thoroughly pacify the ¦Filipinos^ and that it Will ."cost
the; Government $1500 a year; foHeach man, making
a total;, of $1,125,006,000 .forV.maintenance, alone; and
he thinks' the! game isn't^Wrth" the candle.
V.lt is.said -King . Edward has - been . to the theater
only three 'times, .since his accession to the throne,
arid that on. two.'of^ these occasions ht went ; to see
American .actors render American, V playsj .¦ and we
are" -cbrifronted- with the- possibility that the King
may be- trying to get on . tq. an American, joke to use
in his coronation speech. . • ,. ' ••
; "The 7 Congressional . Record^ reports the ";. Tillman
andvMcLauTininst" light.- in this ; way:'-, "At this point
Mr; .Tillman advanced to' Mr. ¦; M'cLauriri ¦ of' South
Carolina arid the two •Senators', met. in personal en
counter, when they ,\vere separated by- Mr. Layt'on,
the acting assistant doorkeeper,' assisted by several
Senators sitting;. near,." • It" is an /accurate .statement
as far.as it goes," but h lacks a whole lot of going far
enough to be. interesting; > • . \. •'.::'
' The Pacific Commercial Museum' Is
about to have its first exhibits plaeed in
•the Ferry building, where they- can bo
seen by the public. The collection : con
sists of samples of raw-products from the'
continental countries and islands of the '
Pacific', and j also of manufactured gdods
such as are. sold in these countries. The
latter are packed, in trie stylo, that has
proved: to be acceptable to the purchasers
and are the favprite ; patterns ln.themar
ket.- Consequently, they supply..; many
commercial/object lessons. The raw ma
terials. . .show 'to. .manufacturers- where
there are' hew 'fields to employ, their 1 ener
gies by extending their Industries to
other' lines. All the Pacific bordering
countries of South and Central America,
the Philippine Islands and Australia will
be represented in the. first exhibit to be
made..' Some of the -samples have been
collected by the Philadelphia Commercial
Museum." The Philippine Islands part of
the show has been gathered by .the agents
of the Pacific Commercial Museum.
. In -all probability the exhibition will be
; open to. the. public -about the first of
A large number of show cases has been ;
ordered for the installation. The samples
are intended to promote a knowledge of
commercial conditions in the lands trib
utary to the Pacific Coast of the United
States and especially to this port. "¦•-•
. A great amount of statistical and 'other
valuable information has been gathered
by . Director Eugene Goodwin, not the
least important being- the commercial rat
ing of a great number of business con
cerns. The present office of the Pacific
Commercial Museum ¦ will ' be converted
into a library for the uses of the museum.
In this will be found files of the commer
cial publications of the Pacific countries
and much 'other matter. After the open
ing the exhibits from lands other '.than
those included in the original .show will
be added from time to time, . China and
Japan' and the British possessions in Asia
and ! Siberia will receive attention,- for
there are good prospects for the extension
of business between • this . port and the
countries named/
When a. resolution was introduced into; the Massa T
chusctts Legislature ;invitirig,',P.rincc Henry: to" visit
that body one of the members- exclaimed: "It is an
insult to those who. fought against monarchy that a
republic might live to bow at the foot of a.represen
tative of monarchy. I conceive a . monarchy .td. ; be a
crime. I shall not consent ; tp recognize the crime or
its'; representative." It appears" from this that .there
are some Puritans still living: and kicking. ; : • " ; '.
PRINCE HENRY of Prussia has now been
in this country long enough to. show what
manner of ma'h he is, and the American'peo
ple have met him often enough to show what manner
of people they are. The exhibition has been one of
which both sides may be well pleased. Democracy 1
and royalty have been- on their good behavior.
There has, been no. "condescension" on the part of
the Prince, .nor sycophaiicy' ort the. part of' the
crowds. The alarmists who were loud in 'their wails
over the coming of the Prince for fear it would cor
rupt our republicanism and incline us to monarchical
ideals have had their wailing for nothing. We have
received Henry like a free people, and/he has met our
welcome like a gentleman .who knows, he is having a
cordial hospitality shown .him and is. 1 determined to
deserve it. * . ',.,...' . ' : • ' ,.'
The class of people who object to everything that
pleases, .the majority ; have been abundantly 'in evi
dence ever since, the arrival of the. Prince. , We have
no't had any exclusive possession of -ithem.' ; Dis
patches from Berlin reveal the fact that there are just
about as many "knockers" in Henry's Tiome as there
are in this big land of ours. The feature of the tour
that disturbed the German critics most was the press,
banquet in New. York,, at which Hen/y announced
that his brother the Kaiser had instructed him to,- be
attentive to the press because in America newspaper
man are "about equal to his generals; in. command."
The Berliners cpmpl.iin that neither the Prince .nor
the Kaiser nor any other, member of the family ever
made any. such complimentary remark about, journal
ists in Germany, nqr^ indeed, did any of them. ever at
tend a press banquet. They demand to know why
Henry cannot be as courteous to home papers, as to
foreign ones, and declare that his genial manners are
solely for foreign consumption and not for domestic
v.se. ' ¦ - ¦ ' . ¦ ' '-'¦:'.¦'''
Of the tone of the American, ''kickers" enough is
already known to the public. If is 'needless, to recall
the wild yawp of Wheeler in the House' of Repre
sentatives," or, the wilder screams of the yellow press
against the princely visitor. Such critics doru't count.
The overwhelming of the people are show
ing that they understand the, laws of hospitality 1 and
recognize the fact/ that .'since a Prince is no r worse
than he would be without a title, he merits all the
honor that should be given to any man- who" comes
to" us as the representative of a'great and friendly na
tion. ¦'•¦.. '.-}.- ¦ ¦•:.,'; • :f.';i \
Moreover, the Prince has shown- himself to be a*
pretty good, democrat in his "way ofimixfng with the
people. He has met the crowds with a genial re
sponsiveness and , borne with an V unfailing good
humor all .the wear and tear ..of long journeys with
an ovation at nearly every town along the way. Even
to American statesmen to "the , manner, born such
tours are wearing,; physically; and mentally; 1 and it 1 is '
PRINCE AND PEOPLE.
The menu of the dinner at the White House to
Prince Henry included ''filet de t boeuf Hambbur r ..
geoise," -and .while that probably meant the same as.
Hamburg s.teak, it sounds better, looks better, costs'
more and doubtless tasted better, so it may be con-'
ceded the chef had a right: to spell it that way.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a.*
Burnett's Vanilla' Extract Is the fixed stand
ard o£ excellence. Has outlived criticism. la tha
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bousin.
An Irishman says that no gentleman
will go to sleep at a wake.
Special information supplied dally to
business house3 and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Honc
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 53c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
KM* Market st., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Vb at Townsend's.*
The last symphony concert is billed for
this afternoon at the Grand Opera-house,
and. -at- the usual^time, 3:15. A large
. audience Is expected to attend, and the
'following fine programme, that has hau
• particularly long and careful rehearsal,
will be given: . , . ¦
Symphony No. C (Eroica) . ...../....'
I ' (a) Allegro con brio. .'..... .Ii. van Beethoven
' (b) Funeral march, adagio assai
(c) Scherzo, allegro vivace...:
(d) Finale, allegro rnolto, poco andante,
presto ..
Overture, "The Flying Dutch niau"..R. AVagrner
• (a) Norwegian -Volksmelodle. . Johan Svensen
tf>) Serenade :.E. Pierne
• ¦ . For string orchestra.
Espanola '..' ; . ... . .e. Chabrier ;
by Harry J. Fellows, a' tenor of note, and
the . gifted German pianist. "William
Bauer. Leonora.. Jackson is as successful
a^.coneeri star.this -season as she was
last, when- she gave* 160 concerts- in this"
country-'.. At her performance with, the
Boston' "Symphony she 'was accorded a,
fine reception and cne of the leading
dallies said of her work: "She was re
called nine times after playing Mendels
sohn^ concerto. She has a peculiarly at
tractive manner, and this, added to her
splendid equipment as a musician, estab
lished her in great favor.
BRODRICK'S lecent statement in the House
of Commons concerning a permanent* in
crease of the British army shows that the war
in the Transvaal is like?y to have long lasting effects
rpon the empire and indirectly upon the world at
large, for the maintenance of a strong and active
army would give the British a military prestige in
Continental Europe and might lead to a readjustment
of international alliances.
A short time ago Colonel Picquart, whose honor
able conduct during the Dreyfus case commends Him
to public esteem, published a review of the. military
situation in Europe, and according to the reports
which have come to this country he suggested the
advisability of arranging an "understanding" between
France and Great Britain for the protection of their
mutual interests. The colonel pointed out that
France is already supporting as large an army as she
can sustain, and as her population is not increasing
there is no prospect that she will be able to augment
her army in this or in the next generation. Ori the
other hand, Germany and Italy are both increasing
in population and in wealth. Their comparative rank
with respect to France is therefore increasing every
year. It is evident, then, that the French must look
for allies strong enough to help them in case of need,
and, Colonel Picquart -argues, Russia alone is not
¦sufficient for that purpose, and Austria is too closely
bound to Germany to be counted on. It is to Great
Britain, then, that France must look.
A significant feature of Colonel Picquart's review
is the assertion that the South African war will give
the British imperial statesmen an 'opportunity to es
tablish a large army. Hitherto the taxpayers of the
kingdom have been too strongly opposed to voting
money for military purposes for the ablest and most
popular Ministry to accomplish much in that direc
tion. The war has revealed the military weakness of
the empire, ard now it is believed the people will
willingly sanction an increased army. Thus Great
Britain will be for the first time since the Napoleonic
wars able to give a valuable military aid to an ally,
and as a consequence her alliance will be the more
eagerly sought after.
Another Frenchman who has advocated an under
standing with Great Britain is Robert de Caix, who is
reported to be in some measure a spokesman for the
present Fiench Ministry. He views the subject from
a diplomatic standpoint and suggests an agreement
between the two nations with respect to the. Morocco
question. He proposes that France concede to Great
Britain a free hand along the Nile, while in return
France should obtain a free hand in all of Morocco
except that portion abutting on the Straits of Gib
raltar. The straits he would neutralize for the free
enjoyment of the commerce of all nations.
These proposals are of course no more than sug
gestions. They come from persons having no official
responsibility, and it is not certain how far they have
the approval and support of the leading minds of the
French people. The very fact that they are published*
ut all, however, shows a drift of French sentiment in
the direction of cultivating British friendship. Evi
dently the big army projects of the British War Office
are going to make more friends for the empire than
it has had in a long time. It is another proof that
the best way to get allies and to maintain peace is
to make yourself able to hit hard if war should come.
BRITAIN AND FRANCE.
CHARMING. ARTISTE WHO
WILL APPEAR AT METRO
POLITAN HALL TO-NIGHT.
p-njpaHE testimonial ppiicert, to Henry"
I Holmes, the venerable English
11 •*¦ violinist, took place at Sherman.
11 ; & Clay Hall last night." The .
. house was crowded . by a . large
circle of the friends and- admirers of Mr.
Holmes, -and the g-enerous purpose of the
promoters of the concert was realized be
yond- their highest expectations.-: An ex
cellent . programme, • in; the competent.,
charge of H. B. Pasmore, was rendered
during the evening, and was much -en
joyed by those present. . The programme,
included the following numbers:
Jubel .Overture (Weber), Jaulus-Stark : Or
chestras; waltz, "Meln Baden" (Komzak),
Stark- Ja'ulus ' Orchestras;; A. minor Concerto
(Goltermann), Paul Friedhofer; . "d Jugenlust".
(Vailder Stucken); "Splnnerliedchen'.' . (Volks
lied), Mrs. M. E. Blanchard; quartet In E flat,
Op. 47 (Schumann), Arthur Fickenscher, Hother
Wismer, ArnSand Charles Heinseh arid Theo
dore Mansfeldt; ' "Norma," for piano, four
hands (Thalberg), Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt and
Hugo Mansfeldt; (a) "Who Is Sylvia?" (Schu
bert), (b) "Mainacht" (Brahms), (c) "Vergeb-.
Itches Standchen" (Brahms), Mrs. M. E.
Blanchard; . sonata In A major, by request
(Handel), Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Landsbergei*;
(a) etude (Chopin-Brahms); (to), scherzo,, (c)
cappriccio (Mendelssohn), Miss Ef nesting Gold-'
man; "song, "Adelaide" ' (Beethoven); H. B. :
Pasmoref. "Inv4tati6n r 'tb the" Dance,"".for two
pianosi eight hands (Weber). Messrs." Murtinei:;
Dellepiane, Sabih and Mauter. Mrs. O. K.
Cushing. Mr. Fickenscher and Fred Maurer Jr.
accompanied.
The following letter of appreciation' was
received by The Call last everflng:
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: At the
moment when a public concert, with which my
name is associated, is about to open this even
ing at the. Sherman-Clay hall, the first knowl
ciige o( the matter comes to me. ' . ¦
That. the plan ever entered the hearts of my
brother, musicians and friends In the city is a
thought which penetrates my deepest feelings;
I know myself how true Is my sense of such
generous esteem. ..'. '. r\
I have thought you would be kind enough to
allow this recognition I desire to make of their
noble act, space in your columns; let me add
a sincere word of appreciation of the kindly
mlndfulness shown' by the public Journals of
my illness. Yours, dear sir, very faithfully,
HENRY HOLMES.
• • •. • ¦ •" ' ¦
Leonora Jackson is to appear in concert
at Metropolitan Hall to-night. The charm-
Ing player will be assisted. at this concert
COMMERCIAL
MUSEUM IN THE
FERRY BUILDING
FRIDAY MARCH 7, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All CommoaicttiOBi to W. S. LEASE, Kantger.
MANAGER'S OFFICES Telephone Press 204
FCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Marlret and Third, S. F.
Telephone Fre«i 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre«s 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cen<* Per WeeIN
Single Cople«. 5 Cents.
Termn l»r Mall. Including: Vontaget '
DAILY CALL flncludtng Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL «nclu4ingr Sunday), 6 months 15.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S months......; 1.30
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
6UXDAT CALL. One Tear '. 1.50
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
KnbserfpHon*-
Easple copies will be forwarded when .requested.
Mail rufcscribers 'In ordering chanfre of address should te
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
tc insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE . . '. 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGVnSS.
2f»C3,g«r Foreign Advertising, MarqnetU Building. Chicago,
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STCFHEX U. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaHcrf-Astoria Hotel; A. lirentanc, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hctel.
CHICAGO SEWS STANDS:" "
Fh'rmcn House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fr^tccnt House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHTXGTOX CO. C/> OFFICE 1400 G St.. S. W.
MORTOX 12. CUAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corr.er of Clay, epen
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. CT3
McAllister, cper. unlll 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Marker, cornc- Sixteenth, open until i» o'clock. 1036 Va
l*r.c!a. cpen until 9 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until D
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second^ and Kentucky, open
urtt! si rVicKk. 1200 Fillnnore. open until 9 p. m.
REPORTS from the East announce the appear
ance of a volume "printed; for ''private circula
tion^.containingv the -miscellaneous writings
of, the late. Justice Bradley of the United States.Su
preme Court. .Most 6f ; the writings' 'jare of little in
terest execptto the immediate circle o£ the family and
the friends of the .writer, but among .them is a , paper
bearing upo'n the manner in.- which '/the Supreme
Court came to. reverse jts decision as; to the consti
tutionality of the act of Congress making greenbacks
a legal tender, .- That issue is 'one in' which the whole
country has; long'tieen interested, I and if is^not sur
prising, therefore, that the revelations f which Justice
•Bradley embodies' irrtKese writings -have';' not re
mained matters of strictly private circulation. .
1 has been charged again and again that after the
first 'decision of. the "court declaring the act unconsti
tutional the court; was '.'packed" for the purpdse of
obtaining a reversal of the decision. : The charge
grew out of the fact that Justice -Grier retired^ from
the bencli soon after the decision and was replaced
by Justice Strong; -'and; th£t.rCongress;.' passed an act
increasing the number, of. Justices from eight to^nine,
so that another Justice.was, added, to the trench.
Grier' had joined with*, the majority.-of the court in
the first decision, the two new Justices held the oppo
site view, and accordingly when the issue came be
fore the. court again they were able to reverse it.
Bradley's paper brings out the fact that there was
no' truth in the charge that the court was packed. It
appears that the .bill to,' increase, the number ot Jus
tices was enacted beforerthe first legal tender case was
heard, and consequently thatdecision had nothing to
do with the 1 passage of the bill. Furthermore, he.re
peats.the-denial-so often .made that the appointment
of the two Justices was-.in- any <vay affected by >their
opinions in Tegard to the'act:.'" '¦''-¦¦ v |
Now comes the most interesting, part of .the sWy.
It. is' charged ( that ,the\. anti-legal tender Justices—
Chase. Field,iNelson and Clifford— obtained the-, vote
of Justice Grier, who was old and infirm and about
to retire, and with his aid J'rushed" the decision'
through/and then tried to 'prevent it from ever being
reviewed. : After' telliirg how the vote was taken in
the conference of the court the story runs thus: .'.{
An attempt was then made to convince an aged' and
infirm member of the court (Judge Grier) that he hal
not understood the "question on which he voted..! He
said that he understood the- Court, of; Appeals ofyKen
tucky had declared . the legal tender law unconstitu
tional, and he voted to reverse that judgment. As this
was true, the ca3e 'of '¦Hepbur^ against Griswpld was
declared to be affirmed] by rj, tsourt equally divided, and
we'pafssed to the next. case. This was the case of Me-
Glynn,' ex., against- < Ma^raw, '- and "another
aspect of the legal Render question v In this case the
venerable Judge referred-' to, for whose public services
and character, we^en'tertaai the 1 highest respect, made
some remarJis.'jHe was;"told that Ah cy were inconsistent,
with his vote in the former case/ He was reminded that
he had agreed with a certain member of the court, in
conversation on prepositions differing from all the, other
Judges; and nnallji-rhis' vot». was.' obtained for .affirming
Hepburn against Griswold; and-so the majority, whose
judgment is now fcaidj to was -obtained.
To all this we v> submitted. We could do nothing else.
In a week from that^day/ .every , .Judge on the bench,
authorized a committee of their number to say to the
Judge who reconsidered his vote that it was their unani
mous opinion that he ought to resign: ' These are the
facts. .We -make no comment. We do not say he did
not agree to. the 'opinion. , We only ask, of what value
was this concurrence, and of -what value is the judg
ment under such" circumstances? • . ; .
' When Grier resigned and Strong and Bradley came
to the bench Chief Justice. Chase, according to! this
story, undertook to' have it decreed that .the-ques
tion of the constftutionality of. the act was closed by
the decision already -given, and when the majority of
the court ordered. that in certain cases then pending
| argument would be heard on "all issues, involved in
the record," including the legal tender question, the
Chief .Justice filed a written protest with, the court,
but withdrew it when ; he was.informed that if.it re
mained" the Justices on' the other side would file a
counter statement.. . The matter was then hushed up.
It has been given: to the public now only because all
Yhe parties to, it aire dead., It f is- a strange chapter in
judicial history, and shows liow the "sacred decisions
of .the Supreme^ Court",, are sometimes concocted.
LEGAL TENDER SCANDAL
Newhall's Views.
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, to which was referred on Wednes
day the resolutions submitted to the con
ference of delegates from several sec
tions north of Tehachapi relative to the
stimulation of immigration, will call into
conference the State Board of Trade be
fore proceeding any further. Upon the
showing that the State Board has the fa
cilities for promoting immigration, a res
olution will probably be adopted suggest
ing that the several committees shall
co-operate with the board. This is the
substance of information received yester
day from George A. Newhall, president
of the Chamber of Commerce, who pre
sided at the meetings of the delegates in
the rooms of the Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Newhall said:
-.-I hear that the State Board of Trade has
connections and an exhibition hall, and ex
hibits already prepared 'that are at the service
of the people of the interior/ free of any cost
to them. It is also represented that the State
Board of Trade is willing to have representa
tives of organizations representing the various
sections of California occupy desks in the
rooms of the board and also to have special
exhibits in the exhibition hall in the ferry
building. These inducements at the outset are
more than the -Chamber of Commerce has in
its' control. Indeed, it has not been the office
of the Chamber of Commerce to act a3 an
immigration bureau. That is out of our line.
We have gladly given the delegates irom the
interior the moral support of the chamber
and we shall as gladly continue in the same
direction. We will probably vote to ask the
representatives of the State Board of Trade
to come before us and make a statement, which
may prove to be the basis of future action.
This announcement will be of great in
terest to the people of all the country
north of Tehachapi. In view of the
probable action indicated by President
Newhall's remarks, directors of the
Eoard of Trade were interviewed. All
that President Xewhall had said was
confirmed. \:,'J .
Offer Free Facilities.
In substance the State Board of Trade
says in its offer that every section is
welcome to send its own representative
to occupy desk room, free of charge, at
the quarters of the board, and to, send
out therefrom its own literature. Each
section is free to establish its own ex
hibit in the exhibition hall, and", if it is
deemed advisable, the exhibits cam be
arranged by sections, so that one section
shall represent the Sacramento Valley,
another section the San Joaquin Valley,
anotHer the. Santa Clara Valley, and so
on through the entire Ust. The exhib
its that . are. already collected are illus
trative of the capacities for production
of nearly the entire area north of Te
hachapi, and there are many duplicates
that can be used to reinforce any sec
tional exhibit that may be instituted. The
State Board of Trade will undoubtedly
put up a large share of the money for
inserting in thousands of Eastern pub
lications an advertisement ottering to
give information to all inquirers for Cal
ifornia home3. That ought to bring
thousands of responses in a very snort
time. The representatives of the various
sections would have access to all the in
formation so obtained. Every county or
ganization, Board of Supervisors or body
organized for the promotion of the wei
lare of California is entitled to send a
representative to the State Board of
Trade upon the payment of $50.
An Ogden Exhibit.
The State Board of Trade will supply
a large part of an exhibit such as may
be desired ior Ogden if ways and means
can be provided to keep the exhibits from
freezing. In addition to the large exhi
bition hall that is now in use by the State
Board of Trade, the . great rfave of the
ferry building has been offered by the
State Board of Harbor . Commissioners
for the placing of a State exhibit, For
merly the ¦ State Board of Trade occu
pied quarters in the Crocker • building. A
far larger number of strangers visit the
ferry building than formerly went to the
board's exhibition when it was up town.
These are the representations that will
be submitted to the Chamber of Com
merce while it has before it the resolu
tions introduced at the recent conference.
The five Central American- republics have made, a
little agreement' among 'themselves that all disputes
over, boundaries shall be. referred .'to s<wne other
American- state for arbitration, and mow we may be
called upon at any time to settle a family dispute and
get all the pajties to it'down on us no matter how we
decide. .-.'-^ '¦'."¦';"¦ ...-, \ . . -
BY reason of the action taken by the counties
of Central and Northern California in pro
posing a method of co-operation under the
leadership of San Francisco for advancing the wel
fare of 'this section r of the"< State, an opportunity is
afforded San Francisco to make her leadership" worth
something by exercising, the functions as well as hold
ing the prestige of a metropolis: '
In the movement proposed there is nothing of an
tagonism to the southern, or any other sectioji of the
State. Did the movement disclose any such tendency
San Francisco could not take part in it, for her
leadership is for the State at large and not for any
separate portion. ¦ She can act vigorously in this in
stance because whatever is proposed by " the pro
moters of the movement will tend to benefit all Cali
fornia. Just as we have profited much by'.the devel-.
opment of the south, so will the south profit by the
development of the center and the north."
In presenting his plea for San Francisco leadership
President Green of the Sacramento Valley Develop
ment Association, after pointing, out what has been
done by the organization! in the interior, said: "We
cannot make plans for San Francisco. This associa
tion is going on. with .^its .work in any event. (The
amount of assistance that this metropolis can give us,
and the manner of the giving, must of necessity rest
with its business: men. The undeveloped resources of
the valley are vast— almost incomprehensible* f Had
we means we would advertise these resources as-ex
tensively as our enterprising southern neighbors-ad
vertise theirs; had we the determination of what San
Francisco should do we would make it play the full
part Los Angeles plays to its surroundings." ..-,. -
• All the speakers from the interior' emphasized the
point that their plea is not for a donation, or^ char
ity, but for co-operation. San Francisco is. , asked to
do nothing that will rotresiilt in tier "own, good. The
city holds the position of metropolis of the whole
State, ib ; is. true, but in a special sense she is the
metropolis of the north. Her men of light and leading
¦therefore must be ready to act for the northern coun
ties exactly as Los Angeles acts for the south. The
resources of the south have been largely .and exten
sively advertised. These of 'the north have not. It
is toward helping the north, therefore, that we must
direct our. energies now, for that is the section of the
State where our co-operation is most needed. , ...
¦ The application to San Francisco for leadership has
been made through the Chamber o£ Commerce, and
it is for that body to decide whether it can undertake
it. If it cannot, and if the Board of Trade be too
much devoted to the State at large to deal with sec
tional organizations, then it will be the duty of a new
organization to act for the city.- There appears, how
ever, on the surface of things , no reason why the
Chamber of Commerce should not agree to the plan
submitted at the meeting on Wednesday. It affords
an excellent method of co-operation, and if it were
undertaken with zeal and business.sagacity.it would
undoubtedly lead to important results. . . . *' ' r
San Francisco has an abundance . of capital avail-,
able for movements of this kind. • At the present time,
the? banks are paying but low, rates of interest, be
cause they cannot themselves place their money 'as
well as in former years. An- augmented activity in
the central and northern sections of the State would,
mean a demand for money as well as an increase of
business. Consequently the interests of the banks
and of all their depositors, as well as those -of mer
chants and manufacturers, are concerned in? the pres
ent movement. Good results will be as ¦ beneficial .to'
the people of the city as to the people of the interior.
It is, in fact, a time for San Francisco to exert her
leadership in earnest and with her full force. There
will be big profits in the opportunity if we use it
well. /
FOR PROMOTION
OF IMMIGRATION
TO CALIFORNIA
therefore to the credit^of- this -foreign-born . visitor
that tie has ; taken the (heartiness: of a" free and easy
American welcome everywhere with a genuine grace
and 'unflagging vitality. ' : l; v " r> ' .
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADERSHIP.
6
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
SUCCESSFUL BENEFIT
GIVEN HENRY HOLMES
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "At the VThite Horse Tavern."
Columbia — "Arizona."
< 'r'heum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Contented Woman "
Fischer'F Theater — "The French Maid."
California — "Rupert of Hentzau."
Tivcli — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Lan Stroke."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every, afternoon and
evening.
Metropolitan Hall — Miss Leonora Jackson, to-nicht.
Metropolitan Hall — Emma Nevada, to-morrow afternoon.
Fherman-Clay Hall — Piano Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Sherman-Ciay Hall — Song Recital, Tuesday night, March 11.
¦VVoodWiird's Pavilion — Winter Circus.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
..'¦¦' . . . n *
Should Society Women Give
1 Afternoon Teas on Svnday? |
Can You Describe Your Best Friend So
That the Police Would Recognize Him?
ANOTHER TEST NEXT SUNDAY.
Character Study o! ths Man Who Dis-
' cov5red Tonopah. :
BY ALFRED DEZENDORP.
The Wom:n o! Washington Who Re-
ceived Prince Henry.
- Don't Overlook the WoKville Stories.
Read "firockman's Maverick"
; , Club Women Surest a New Cure lor \
The Operatic Sensation oi th^ East. \
- ''¦ ¦'¦¦,. \>\: Th2 s vnday Can Magazine Section Contains More
Western Stories Than All Oihcr San. Francisco
• .':;• Svnday. Papers Combined. «.«.,.,. IAnother large shipment of . clocks, can
delabra and candlesticks in our superior
"J. B.V Ormolu gold plate finish. The3e
are things that . are useful, ornamental,
lasting and inexpensive, and . we would
bo 'glad >to haveyou see them. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. '.:. I • '¦
The Santa Fe Co. has arranged for second
class found-trip Homeseekers' tickets from
Chicago, St. Louis. Kansas City . and points
west to California and return at one'flrst-class
limited fare plus $2 for the round trip. ; Dates
of sale of such tickets from the East have been
fixed March- 4th and 18th, April 1st and 15th,
May Oth and 20th. Going limit fifteen days,
flnal limit to return twenty-one days. . For full
Information regarding these excursions ¦ call on
nearest Santa Fe agent. #£3?;
Cheap Round-Trip Tickets From tho
East to California and Beturn..^
The San Francisco Labor Council re
ceived a communication yesterday from
Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor, announcing
that Herman Gutstadt would arrive .in
this city on the 18th inst.. for the pur
pose of explaining the situation In Con
gress relative to the Chinese exclusion
bill to the union men of San Francisco.
Gompers suggests that a meeting be
called for the purpose of giving Gutstadt
an opportunity of expressing . his I views
publicly, and to further rouse public in
terest In the Mitchell-Kahn bill now
pending In Congress.
To Talk on Chinese Exclusion
tion, Which Has Been in Ses
sion Two Days Past.
Adjournment of Prosecutors' Conven-
CALIFORNIA DISTRICT
ATTORNEYS ORGANIZE
Next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock, at
the First Congregational Church, Post
and Mason streets, a great mass meeting
of citizens interested In the moral pro
tection of the young men of our city will
be held under the auspices of the Young
Men's Christian Association. Short ad
dresses wfll be made by city pastors and
business men. and a large chorus of male
voices will sing. Much interest Is being
manifested In the coming meeting.
first class and. Montgomery avenue
and New Montgomery- street • of
the ' second class. Montgomery avenue
now furnishes an excellent and easy
means' of reaching the northern part of
the city. New Montgomery street, , by
reason of its sudden stoppage at Howard
street, defeated the object for which it
was projected, the affording of an outlet
of easy grade to the southern part of the
city. The plan of widening Third street
is proposed by. the Merchants' Association
as a solution of the difficulties caused by
the enormous growth of the city on com
mercial and Industrial lines.
Mass Meeting of City Churches.
Richard Ecclcston, statistician for the
United States Bureau of Immigration at
this port,'^ reports arrivals for the month
of February as follows: Total arrivals,
240, and 116 tourists^ Of the 240 there
were 31 females, Tho nationalities arc as
follows: Japanese. 70; English, 67; Scandi
navian, 23; Spanish American, 15; Ger
man, 12; French 10; Mexican, 10; Irish, 8;
Italian, 8. One hundred and ten of the
immigrants are returning to the United
States. The ocupatlons are 68 mariners,
40 merchants, 14 house servants, 11 mis
cellaneous, 10 carpenters, 3 engineers, 3
barbers, 7 laborers and 2 farm laborers.
Beventy-two have no occupation.
February's Immigration.
Joesph Cahlll. a saloon-keeper living at
KOS Leavenworth street, reported to the
police yesterday morning that while on
his way home from his saloon at Hit}
Market street shortly after 1 o'clock yes
terday morning a man jumped from a
doorway at Polk and Austin streets with
a revolver in his hand and ordered him
to throw up his hands. Cahill ran away
and the man . with the revolver dlsap
j eared in the opposite direction.
Benjamin McDougall, a student living
at 1248 Washington street, reported to the
police yesterday that while he was stand
ing at the corner of Twenty-second and
Valencia streets shortly before 1 o'clock
yesterday morning, waiting for a car, he
v.HK approached by two men. One asked
htm for a match and he unbuttoned hid
rain coat to oblige him. Just then the
other man grabbed hold of his watch
chain, but finding no watch attached to
it sold, "What have you got about you
anyhow?" and began to feel his pockets.
McDougall, who was badly scared, put
his hand in his pocket and handed him
25. cents and some foreign silver coins,
which was all ho had. The men then ran
away. McDougall gave a good descrip
tion of them.
Saloon-Keeper Hakes His
J > Escape.
Student Held Up and Bobbed and a
CITIZENS ENCOUNTER
BOLD HIGHWAYMEN
The Board of Works decided yesterday
to hear petitioners who request the re
moval of fences closing up Twenty-fifth,
Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh and Twen
ty-eighth avenues, south, running easterly
towards the bay. The petitioners allege
that the avenues are now occupied by
Italians, who are using them as vegetable
gardens. <
Vegetable Gardens on Streets.
Superintendent of Schools Webster yes
terday submitted to his legal adviser the
question as to whether children born of
Chinese parents in this city may attend
any of the public schools they desire.
Section 1C62 provides that the Chinese
shall attend a school set aside for them.
A number of native-born Chinese claim
that they are exempt from the provisions
of the code because they are American
citizens. They are preparing to test the
matter in the courts through their attor
ney, -F. V. Bell. Webster's attorney will
endeavor to unearth a Supreme Court de
cision that the law is unconstitutional
which discriminates against certain races
attending pubic schools.
Status of Chinese Pupils.
San Francisco has already. widened two
off her thoroughfares and found it neces
sary to ' open others. Kearny street and
Grant avenue are examples of the
- It has been frequently stated that in
the thirty years preceding the erection of
the Claus Spreckels building at the corner
of Third and Market; streets but one or
two buildings of any pretentious .charac
ter have been erected on that thorough
fare. From Mission; street southward the
majority of the buildings are of one and
two stories, many of them In a dilapidat
ed condition. To the stranger who comes
in from the southern part of the State a
most gloomy view of the city is presented
until he emerges into the improved por
tion between Mission and Market streets.
Street Slow in Improvement
It would be necessary to Issue bonds for the
purpose, but the advantage gained would be
wor*h it. It would give us a broad esplanade
which could be "parked'.' down the center and
made to' resemble Canal street in New Orleant,
or which without • parking would be like the
north end of Michigan avenue, Chicago — ample
for all the traffic that needed to use it, and
a pleasant and impressive approach to the
center of the city for people coming up the
coast. . -
• There i» nothing in the matter of a bond
issue that ought to frighten anybody. It is the
way fine cities are made. If such an improve
ment were •¦ so obviously needed In Tarts the
municipality would make It without a second
thought.
The street should be at least thirty feet
wider between the curbs. The widening of it
could be effected by condemning enough prop
erty from Mlrslon street southeastward for
six blocks down to Townsend.
Thirty Feet Is Needed
If San .Francisco continues its present
growth it will soon be facing the necessity
of widening Third street, between Mission and
Townsend. Already the traffic on that thor
oughfare Is badly congested, and is growing
worse dally. ¦ , ¦
OecauKe of the peculiar topography of the
city, certain of its streets inevitably tend to
become main highways. That IB the case with
Third street. The Southern Pacific freight
houses are at Fourth and Townsend, but in-
Kteurt of going up Fourth street the greater
part of the freight traffic naturally seeks the
ftif.ifftt grade, and i» added to the passenger
traffic from the depot on Third. By tho tlmo
It reaches Mission it is pretty well drained
away by the Intersecting thoroughfares, but in
tho meantime there -In a badly, even dangerous
ly crowded ntretch, the difficulties of which
m'" complicated by a double line of street car
tracks and >>y the preienn« at certain noun ut
numbers of h«ck» and private equipages.
The utreet whh wide enough In the seventies.
Nobody complained of It then. But these are
other times. Tho city hns already outgrown
many a provision made for It In "early days,"
and which the provider* thought would servo
forever. And the moral of thin I* that any
thing arranged for present need* only is going
to be outgrown ngaln. Whatever Improve
ment* are made now should be»made for the
future as well a* the prcst-nt. There would
be little use of widening Third street unless
It were mada wide enough to>accommodate the
traffic that will be constantly Increased by the
growing wholesale district south of Market
street. • ¦¦'JHBS /.-,
Widening of Third Street.
So long as the Southern Pacific Com
pany maintains its passenger <Jepot and
freight sheds in their present location,
just so long will travel and. traffic on the
street be congested. Every one knows
the vexatious delays that mark every
trip on the cars to the depot. Thousands
of trucks bearing heavy loads use the
street as a main artery from early morn
ing till late at night. In addition to these
there are thousands of fighter vehicles
that form almost a continual procession.
The number of electric cars that cover
the district during the busy hours of -tho
day add to the confusion that results.
With wagons standing by the curb there
is not suhicient space for a truck or
wagon to swing out without using a large
section of the car track for the purpose.
A- few of these heavy trucks in line will
effectually delay traffic until they can
swing again into a clear roadway.
In speaking in advocacy of this matter
the latest issue of the Merchants' Re
view has this to say:
Another move In the march of progress
has been suggested by the Merchants" As
sociation. In a recent Issue of the Re
view, the monthly Journal issued by that
association, attention is called to the
urgent necessity for the widening of
Third street, from Mission street south
to Townsend. It is proposed to take a
strip fifteen feet in width from each side
of the street. .
Mrs. Kilbourn also charged Morrisey
with robbery, and his trial for that al
leged offense has been set for next Tues
day before Judge Troutt.
The trial attracted a great deal of at
tention, owing to the number of times
the matter came before the public. Mor
risey and Flynn were charged with as
saulting Mrs. Kilbourn, an elderly
woman of Santa Rosa, in a hut near
Bernal Heights on the night of Deoem
ber 15. They were arrested and given a
preliminary hearing before Police Judge
Mogan, who dismissed the charges on tho
ground that Mrs. Kilbourn was intoxi
cated. The woman then brought the
matter before the Grand Jury, which in
dicted the two young men on a serious
charge. The case was assigned to Judge
Troutt, and the trial lasted eight days.
The point. raised by the defense, the in
toxication of Mrs. Kilbourn, was the
main issue, and evidently bore great
weight with the jury, notwithstanding
the straight story told by her.
Frank Morrisey and Martin J. Flynn
were acquitted of the charge of crim
inally assaulting Mrs. Hose Kilbourn by
a jury hi Judge Troutfs court yesterday.
The jury was out from 11:40 to 3:30. The
verdict came as a complete surprise, as
it was expected that the best the two
young men would get would be a dis
agreement. As it was, one of the jury
men favored rendering a verdict of guilty
lrom the time the jury retired until with
in a few minutes of .the time it came In.
The foreman was Harry' G. de Greayer.
Woodworth came into prominence sev
eral months ago In connection with a
aensationul affair at Long Beach, in thirf
State. He purchased a piece of property
from a man named Kempfcr for U'J.Ow,
which sum Woodworth paid In currency.
Kempfer rilaced the money in the family
trunk anal gave Woodworth the deeds
for tho property. An hour later the
money and Woodworth had disappeared.
A few days afterward Mrs. Wundcr.
daughter of the Kcmpfers, confessed that
she nad taken the money out of the trunk
and given it to, Woodworth. The fugitive
was tried on oa charge of stealing the
deeds and was acquitted. When arrested
at Redwood City on September 6 by
Sheriff Mansfield the molds, blanks and
files were found In his trunk. Woodworth
claims to bo a dentist by profession.
EariKodgersof Los Angeles, counsel for
Woodwortn, pleaded in defense that when
Woodworth was living in the East he
made the molds, intending to manufact
ure with them a metallic design to place
on boxes of patent medicine as an ad
vertisement, but that before using the
molds Woodworth went to the secret ser
vice office in Boston and Inquired wheth
er it would be lawful for him to make
the advertising devices. When informed
that it would be unlawful to use the rep
resentation of any coin/- domestic or for
eign, he refrained from using the molds
or the steel blanks and the pattern
pieces that were found with the molds in
his possesion.
The prosecution, represented by Assist
ant United States . Attorney Duncan E.
McKinlay, met with an unlooked for re
buff at the outset of the trial when
Judge de Haven sustained Mr. ftodgers'
objection to the introduction of the steel
blanks, the Hies and the pattern pieces
in evidence, on the ground that they had
not been mentioned in the indictment.
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield of San Mateo
County, and Secret Service Agent John
Cronin, testified that the prisoner had ad
mitted to them that he had' made , the
molds, but with the intention of using
them for an advertising device. No evi
dence wan introduced by the defendant.
The indictment contained four counts,
the first two charging him with being in
possession of and making , three plaster
of paris molds, with intent to use the
same' in the manufacture of counterfeit
dollars. The third count charged him
with having made the Impression of a
dollar in the mold with the intent to
counterfeit.
O. H. Woodworth, D. D. S., was con
victed by a jury in the United States
District Court yesterday on the fourth
count of the Indictment charging him
with being in possession of the impression
of a dollar, with intent to use the same
as an advertising device. The prisoner
will appear for sentence this morning.
The highest punishment that can be im
posed under the statute is a fine of $100.
Widening of Third Street
Is the Plan Being .
Advocated.
Lenient Jury Imputes
No Disgrace'to the
Accused.
Jurors Acquit Flynn and
Morrisey of Charge
of Assault.
Orders have been received from the War
Department to send 375 recruits to Manila
during the month. The Twenty-ninth In
fantry Is still In camp at the Presidio
awaiting orders and speculation Is rife
as to what will be the disposition of the
regiment.
Lieutenant Colonel George S. Grimes,
Major Henry 8. Kllbourne, Captain Louis
R. Burgess and First Lieutenants M. E.
Lando and J. B. Murphy have been ap
pointed a hoard to examine into the quali
fications of enlisted men who have made
applications for commissions.
News in Army Circles.
THOROUGHFARE
IS TOO NARROW
DR. WOODWORTH
IS CONVICTED
DO NOT SUSTAIN
THE INDICTMENT
yea of 229 Olive avenue, had been mi3stng
for two weeks. Since his disappearance
she has learned that he is a deserter from
the United States army. lie married Miss
Van Buren last November.
The six Chinese appeared in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday morning and
the cases were continued till to-day.
As they were driving away with the
wagon Cavanagh called upon them to
stop, and he and Policeman < Merchant
made an investigation. They opened the
bundle and found the dead body of a Chi
nese. The owner of the laundry, Yee
Yung, and five other Chinese, were placed
under arrest for removing a dead body
without having a permit from the Coron
er, and Detectives Dinan and Q'Dea were
detailed on the ease. The body was taken
to the Morgue, 'where it was found that
the Chinese had died from natural causes.
A Chinese was observed by Policeman
W. J. Cavanagh acting in a suspicious
manner in' front of a laundry at 1335
Pacific street about 4 o'clock yesterday
morning. The officer watched him till
he saw him enter the laundry. Just then
a wagon drove up to the door of the
laundry, and in a few minutes five Chi
nese came out, carrying a large bundle,
which they deposited in the wagon.
Body Without a Coroner's
I Permit.
MYSTERY OF CHINESE
LAUNDRY EXPLODED
Six Arrested for Removing Dead
The Btandard, Morning Post, Dallv
New*, Daily Chronicle and Dally Tele-
Er&ph are equally enthURinHtic over the
project. Whllft no nctlon hnn yot b^en
tuken.' thorns who havo received th« let
t«rn are endeavoring to intercut the State
Iioard of Trade, the Chnmber of Com
merce, the Merchants' Anffoclatlon and
other bodies in making n comprehensive
exhibit of the Stnto'u products.
The chief object of the exhibition will be to
illustrate the striking development of American
trade and industry during recent years. Special
attention will be called to labor saving ma
chinery, wnich has been worked up to &uch a
remarkable point in the United States. British
manufacturers and their workmen will be given
an opportunity to see exactly how American
goods are produced. Efforts will be made to
bring home to the men in particular the fact
that perfection of machinery does not by any
means tend to reduce the value of skilled labor.
The exhibits will not be entirely commercial.
There will bo section* devoted to art, education
and science, and the hope of the Crystal Palace
director* is not only to appeal to the Hrlilsh
trader, but to arouse public Interest In every
thing American, including the method* by
which American commerce has been «o vastly
increased in the- course of the last generation.
All the London papers speak highly of
the project. The London Times in its
issue of January 18 says:
Although success Is already assured by the
number of prominent American firms 10 whom
Epace has already been alloted, we, as Ameri
can residents in London, desire to see the ex
hibition as complete and representative as pos
sible and to this end we earnestly solicit your
good offices.
All communications by proposing exhibitors
should be addressed to ALFRED H. POST.
(Commissioner in the United States for the
Crystal Palace Exhibition), Produce Ex
change. New York City.
I am sir. faithfully yours,
F. C. VAN DUZER, Hon. Secretary.
In view of the above, we request you to kind
ly lay before the honored Governor of your
State and the proper State authorities our
petition that they give us such aid as may be
within their power to make the proposed ex
hibition such a success as may be a, credit to
America and her industrial forces, and that
you make known to all the leading companies
and firms of your State that such an exhibition
will be opened on the 15th to the 20th of May
of the present year, and solicit their support
for the same.
That the present agitation here regarding
conservative machinery and old methods of pro
duction and trade offers an opportunity which
our industries should not neglect.
Solicit Support for a Display.
That, heretofore, the European public have
only partially been brought face to face — gen
erally through travelers and the press — with
our industrial achievements, and do hot com
prehend to what extent our country is prepare.1
to supply foreign wants.
That a proper exhibit of our manufactures
of iron will create an extensive European de
mand; and that our advance in all kinds of
labor-saving machinery, including electilc ap
pliances for motive power, will, whf-n seen here
in action, find a widespread market.
That the output of our looms, confront! nar
that of the Old World, will find favor amonj
consumers and greatly increase our national
exports.
That tangible evidences of American mineral
wealth will enable Europe to partially under
stand what reserves we hold in hand.
That the exhibition of our agricultural' prod
ucts will create an increasing demand for thim.
That the fostering of all the elements which
may increase our foreign trade will rapidly call
into existence an American mercantile marine,
from which the nation may derive - honor and
profit in the transportation of its own goods,
Instead of relying upon other countries for
such conveyance.
That in doing this our country *>111 not only
derive abundant reward for well applied en
ergies, but widely benefit those who recog
nize their results.
We believe that the productive forces of our
country have reached such magnitude as to
make it desirable that every means possible bo
sought to open markets abroad for our surplus
products.
Sir: On this coronation year of his Majesty
King Edward VII, when London will be crowd
ed with visitors from all parts of the world,
it ho* been decided to hold an exhibition of th«
products of agriculture, manufactures and
mines of the United States, at the historical
and renowned Crystal Palace of London the
itcene of the first World's Fair, and the Ameri
can Society In London, desirous of assisting In
the advancement of American Interests abroad,
has determined to give it its unqualified sup
port, and for the following reasons: . '
A strong circular letter has been ad
dressed to a number of the leading man
ufacturers and exporters of this State,
and some of them are making efforts to
obtain a general display of California's
products at the Crystal Palace, where the
llrst World's Fair was held in 1851. The
letter reads as follows:
1U Southampton Row, London, W. C, Jan
uary 10, I0u2. . , .
Benefit of an Exhibition.
Kx-offlclo members — The Embassador of the
united States of America, the secretary Amer
ican Embassy, the American Consul General,
the American Military Attache, the American
Naval Attache. J. Morgan Klchards, chairman;
D. C. Haldeman, vice chairman; Benjamin B".
Stevens, honorary treasurer; F. C, Van Duzcr
honorary secretary; F. B. Blake, Frank B.
Bliss, Andrew Carnegie. Thomas Clarke, K.
Newton Crane, H. J. Davis, J. Walter Earle,
Thomas L.. Felld, E. Marshall Fox, Colonel
Miilard Hunslker, Frank W. Jones. James Mc-
Donald. John O. Melggs, George A. Mower,
Isaac Sellgman, William Hall Walker. Henry
8. Wellcome.
The "American Society in London,"
composed of men who are either officially
or financially Interested in the increase
of trade relations between England and
America, is at the head of the enterprise.
Ihe general committee in cnarge is com
posed of the following:
' L. A. Lathrop, United States Consul at
Bristol, "England, has written to a num
ber of his former friends in this State
asking that attention v b6 called to the
advantages that are likely to accrue to
the Pacific Slope by a display of its prod
ucts at an exhibition to be held in the
Crystal Palace, London, from May 15 to
September 20, this year. It is expected
that thousands of tourists will visit the
British Isles to witness the coronation,
and that an object lesson in American
manufactures would be appreciated by
people from all over the world.
Edward Vaughn, who was convicted by
a jury in Judge Dunne's court on the
charge of grand larceny for stealing $1 25
from Samuel McDonald at Sixth and
Howard streets January 5, was sentenced
to three years in San Quentin. George
\V. Larkin, motorman on an Eighth
street car, convicted of simple assault for
striking W. R. Jones, a paosenger, with
a controller bar, was fined $G0, which was
at once paid into court.
George Sametz was tried by a Jury In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday on the
charge of burglary for breaking into a
loom at 651 Broadway on January 11 and
stealing a purse containing $21 65. The
Jury convicted him of burglary In the
second degree and he will be sentenced
to-day.
The case of John Sheehan. charged with
robbery, was dismissed by Judge Cook on
motion of the District Attorney on the
ground that the evidence was insufficient
to secure a conviction. Sheehan was ac
cused by M. G. Sears, a saloon-keeper at
Washington and East streets, of having
entered the saloon early in the. morning
of November 24, knocking him down by
a blow on the head, which rendered him
unconscious, and when he recovered he
found* that the lights had been turned out
and $220 stolen from the cash drawer.
The defendant shot and killed Gin Do
Hing, a boy 14 years of age, In the base
xaent of 828 Washington 6treet on the
morning of July 29 because, . he alleged,
the boy's father and uncle had robbed
him of his property in China. After the
murder he fled to Napa, where he was
arrested by Detective Ed Gibson.
"If I should find," said the Judge, "that
the evidence shows a case of murder In
the first degree I have to assume the re
sponsibility of sentencing the prisoner to
be hanged, which is a position I do not
relish. There have been a few Instances
of the kind, but to the best of my recol
lection the evidence only showed murder
In the second degree."
Chew Lan Ongr withdrew his plea of not
guJJty In Judge Cook's court yesterday
and pleaded guilty to the charge of mur
der. The Judge accepted the plea with
some diffidence and said he would-care
fully read over the evidence taken at the
preliminary examination and would on
Monday sentence the defendant. -
John Sheehan Is Acquitted
on a Charge of
Robbery. *
Consul Lathrop Suggests
Way to Advertise Prod
ucts of Coast.
Judge Cook Is Placed
in a Position of <"
Delicacy.
Exhibit at London May
Be Installed by Coast
Manufacturers.
INVITES DISPLAY
FRONT CALIFORNIA
CHINESE SLAVER
PLEADS GUILTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MABCH 7, 1902.
Mrs. M. E. Van Buren of 647 Howard
street reported to Coroner Leland yester
day that her son-in-law, George R. Bun-
George B. Bunyea Hissing
They Are Just In.
7
The convention of the District Attor
neys of California adjourned "Wednesday
after being In session two days and com
pleting arrangements for forming a
State Association of District At
torneys. A constitution and by-lstrvs
¦were framed and after some discussion
adopted. Provision was made for an an
nual meeting ¦ on the second Tuesday of
December In each year. The officers elect
ed for the present year are: James H.
Campbell, District Attorney of Santa Clara
County, president; A. H. Ashley, District
Attorney of San Joaquin County, vice
president ; W. G. Poage, District Attor
ney of Mendocino County, secretary and
treasurer. The objects of the association
are to aid the members in the discharge
of their duties in both civil and criminal
matters by an interchange of views and
by. united action for the •common good.
AMUSEaiZ.'OTa.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
TO-NIGHT,
The Famous American Violin Virtuoso. MISS
Leonora Jackson,
Supported by Harry J. Fellow*, tenor, and Wm.
Bauer, planlut,
IN A BRILLIANT PROGRAMME.
Seau now on »ale at Sherman & Clay'g.
PRICES— tJOc, $1, $1 60.
METROPOLITANJALL— EXTRA.
MATINEE TO-MORROW ffiat.).
Last apprarinco here^-The peerleu diva, Mine.
EMMA NEVADA,.
And Bur-portlnc Artliti,
¦ A Kurwrb Profcramme.
S*aU now on sale at Sherman A Clay'*.
Tuesday, March 11, Oakland— Wednesday,
March 12, Vallrjo.
WINTER CIRCUS !
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
—Valencia and Fourteenth SU.—
Entire Change of Bill.
A MABTODONIC AGGREGATION OF
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
STARTLING ARENA FEATS. ' ¦
GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.
8UPERB TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS.
/
ADMISSION 25 Cts. CHILDREN 10 CU.
iffeis> RACING
I \ery Week Day —
Wr Rain or Shine.-
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU3
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:16 p. rn. sharp.
Ferry-boat leave* San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland jnole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole ¦ con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteentn
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric' can
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
Ciunt-KR v. vnir.m. R»ev. and Mr.
AMHSEMENTa
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNTJAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
'One of America's Foremost Comedians,
In Chas. Hoyt's Greatest Comedy;
A Contented Woman.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c
Next ' Week — GEORGE OBER In "THE
HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT."
SPECIAL! THIS AFTERNOON AT 8:15,
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT
(Second Series.)
PACX. STE1NDORFF". Director.
Seats — $1 BO. $1. "5c and 60c. at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s. , —
BELASCO a** TiiAU:S JlfJ^L
TO-XIGHT— Saty ,— _ _ _
and Sunday EVgs. I i-| a*
Matinees T0-M0R- I HE
ROW and Sunday.
The successful xnelo- _ ,
*— • 1 AST
Fell of excitins 5_/xTLt-/ A
Incidents and
ssiSs. STROKE
lnees. 10c 15c, 25c
Next Monday — A Great Revival of
"OUTER TVTIST." -
Fischers Theatre I
S»- B- THE "GRACIE" GIRLS.
L THE PLANTATION GIRLS.
•¦ f" THE SAILOR GIRLS.
E t --
US THE
"FRENCH MAID."
Acfi a hcet cf other
Pretty Things.
Noveltle. nightly.
Our popular prlc-e*.
»:i Beat* r**erw>4:
yigy>U S5c and &Oc;
>latln»*», anywhere. 25o.
Children at Mallnws. l. r »c.
>>xt iiurieal Comedy.
"UTTLE CHRIFTfPHER."
Bn riev«T end to \ery funny.
* § 0 W iJ In, I*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP'.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
H«>ar "THE FUNNY SIDE OF THAT"
In the llaKTiiflcrnt Production of the GREAT
HIT OK THE
BOSTON I AIMS,
THE
Serenade!
IT'S TURNING THEM AWAY. , .
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc m 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
VAUDEV!LLE_WONDERS!
THE TEN NELSONS; THE ATJEBS;
EVA HTJDGE; BILLY CLIFFORD,
AND THE BIOGEAPH. LAST
TIMES OF WOODS AND MOSS;
KUGE1IT ANDFERTIG; PROBYN
LADIES' QUARTET, AND TH£
THREE 2CEERS.
Reserved Seats. 2.*c: Balcony. 10c; Box
Ffats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
EVERT NIGHT (including Sunday).
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A ilagT.ifictrt Production!
SEATS FOR NEXT WEEK NOW READY.
AUfiOStSS Thcniis" Peerles3 American Play.
COMING— ULAN -HE WALSH IN
"LA MADELEINE."
Belasco & Tha'.l, Managers.
LAST THREE NIGHTS !
OUR LATEST SUCCESS.
AX THE
White Horse Tavern
A Tilx Production of a Clever Play..
!'.<•: u- il.il Alpine Scenery — Gre»t Ca«t.
; ¦ ¦:<>¦ on Sal*- C !>•>¦¦ in Advance.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
PJUCK8— 15f. 25c. 'Me, &0c and . 73c.
Monday— "A COAT OP MANY COLORS."
TO-NIGHT-LAST 2 NIGHT8.
Antltony Hope'* Great Romance,
Rupert of Hentzau.
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY) MATINEE.
THE PRISONER OF ZiNUA
gunday Night— BartVy Carrspbell'g ImrnorUl
Pity.
THE- WHITE SLAVE
SEATS READY.
CHUTES ANDJ500 *3£SK?
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL
And a HOST OF VAUDEVILLE CELEBRI-
TIES.
AQUATIC FPORTS ON THE LAKE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
Telpphoni; for Beats — Park 23.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one tide of these magnificent
hotels i« the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newt-paper offices, banks and thea-
ters. Street cars to all parts of tn«
city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
Weekly Cail.Sl.OO per Year
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | , THE EMPORIUM. J THE .EMPORIUM. _
I ¦ Table Coyer Sale. <fc •>o"^ 1 sif * / C^^~Z 5
C five different lots of desirable Table Covers; on iSA/ .Js£ f s " * ( BLi&¥t*2r$ ofo BE !F* K2 M 23 B ) °?
} special sale Friday only at these astonishingly jHtsf €? £/T>£4S P\/% / 7' tit MfoT' \^4*.*M CX *0ff* *****&* a \ «*
f low prices: . : . ilJICi^MMi^^JU^LdlS^ffl ) Bov$< 25c G ° :f Caps— Pbia and fancy ( $
t Ili Cretonne Table Coven, i yard square, 5 w ' m * MA19rf%S *T m^m-m^^M m s^ r t 7
\ fringed all around, worth 30c, for . . tBO CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- _/T ) Men's $1.00 Underwear— Well made, )
if. 10 Tapestry Table Covers, \ji yards square, ,' --MBjsaBHfltgBi 1» "*H ' . uf m^i.e i- P ,.., pF «^ eTAor ) gray Merino, good weight; to-day 69c ) '"
i fringed all around, worth 60c, for . . 33c ._»¦.¦ _ \ Lad; es - 20c Hcse Supporters — B!ack «|
\ 25 Tapestry Table Covers', 1 ft yards tquare, ~ : " ~~ : ~~- I " \ \ \ ( and colors, fu'l lengths, button fasteners; *£
f heavy fringe, worth 7S c, for 1 . ... . 4fl C Tnmmg* M"XB*B$i*C*B*a*folSg*G i?9fffffffa#ffiC ( Fr:da y • •¦ f4 ° S
tf 68 fine Tapestry Covers, 1% yards square, B W9J SB SX MB €3 Ml & ST%JW MM B & 3 B&6Mtr3gZaBBS&n ) 5<j c Nickel- Plated Euiter Dish— Fitted «V
£ worth $1^25 each, for ... . . .\ . 87O SP\ XTN. A "R<-Ta«r mann^ar'nivr'* rnrir<« rn11crt ; nn of ) with movable glass saucer; Friday 39© «J>
V 50 heavy, double-faced Tab'e Covers, mercerized //|\\//Y\ ' jj j » I? entire _ COllect.on Ot ( Chndren . $ Ex £ y B!ac<R.bb«d %
} finish, worth $1.25, for ..... 83© /// vAvvJ W "odd dozens.' More than 200 desirable ( H ose— Sizes 6 to 9 K; Friday, pair 15c 3*
t — ¦ — ¦' y ¦/$/. 1 JlLtV'/» Q&i\ • st 7' cs have b een divided into two lots and are i^^^,^^. ->>^_-v/ ""*
I ¦9OmyU:MH WaiStS ' ¦ "¦M/ilfw^lii^Vm: offered to-day at these exceptionally low prices: '5
I For TWO DsyS, $3.45. Wk f W>'. I Wxso dozen lM Sheer Lawn Hemstitched Handker- Jlfejl'S $15.00 tO $20.00 *
* J&^ c-,7 h £. neW -' Taf £ U ' *?SL ¦'¦¦m^SL. MM chlefi; hand embroidered; ia^c a=d 15c Q}a% Suits NOW for $10.50. 3»
»' a&£&5a- Sl k Walst » J ust hke *"^^^3^^^t^-i^?X values: each «Sr HjP „, c __ .*
V;...' JjyMB -¦'¦•'< ni<rtnr» ...... i... t fi» *C?5?c?i' N^tKro^ • The assortments of • f^^S %
* %%£&) r- ploture ' T "y :?/ Z \ ¦ ' >S^ '150 dozen Ladies* Extra Sheer All-Pure L : nen Sccalloped styles and sixes of Qfe»? •*
* V^J^A newes't 8 style all die and Hemstitched Embroidered Handkerchiefs; more thaa 100 styles; 25c and 3-50 I^Mg* this splendid Spring jj
* *JraSm new » b «t co'ors; in values; to-day . ...........•.••• v- ' ......... GT** Clothing, purchased J®C *
* ' V#»% all regular value — — : from Schwartz & 5
\ mS8$SP^1T+b' Dress Goods Remnant Sale. iHfl ATlA i
WfA lllfill'i/ da «V'->< W B| ack Dre« Goods— About 500 waist, skirt and suit lengths; cheviots, serges, cloths, .eumlnes, complete. It is a I \ . A J*
k ° fi-/\Vl ffcml/ -in c 7 ra PP e " albatross, golf sk'rtngs, alpacas, and seme great bargains in figured and striped fancy smtings. t oppo^,,^ II \\<sr £
ilwL mMI'W 79C— Second sale of Fr^ thc a - ready reduced rcmnant prices we make to-day a still further cut of O*I0- to get a really good f ft? * r-ll «
S^S^SrV :^«S VUa-ienpft. suit for a very low /JP/L Hi J
J y Wrapper; making, """ ! J " "" ~~ ,. M s , ure " , , , AjrVW* \_Jt^/ Jf
if ,;;:>':¦. lining and materials Groceries and Lfquors. Candy Sale To-Day. M^/ d X a 'reuL'"^ , "i — T^ %
g better, than ord nary wrappers; .that'll the Eabbltt > s Soa/i -^ st \ >u n drj,TUiy f C 0 CrOam ChoCO<atOS-ln ¦ trJtsw* 11 / '«
£ reason the manufacturer barkru F t:d, »nd we MBm " S aP sls0C ' the five mcst popu'ar flavors, Vani'a, Straw- tijh Wcrstedl 11/ 5
S berry, OrangerLcmon and Coffee, tie finest * vtunas aid S fl /¦ I?
S ZZ«fo?u\<\j£ a T 3i fCg .......... 3 tint, 25C >hat can be made, fresh from our factory; rcerM> bought S
s* PJ&W ?<mJoo thnettz Pearlinc — James Pyles & Sons', i-lb packages; — — - $17.50 and #20, 11 I I I &
* I V? * Zim f- Friday. J . ...... 3 f?n 2SO Toilat SOBO SaSGa now la special sale JJ / £
£ LSuCGS Sinti ml/to S* Fine Teas — Uncolcred Japan, English Breakfast 1000 boxes Andrew Jurgcns* Sweet-Scented at yl v
|f Our Spring styles of Men's $3 50 or O long; 1b . .- 49C Toilet Soap, in oatmeal and glycerine, 3 &f£2 m SQ -- ' *
•f ShO^S an now in stock, consisting of Best Ul.fornia Cheer— Mild Cream; Fridiy cakes in a box, and a great value at 15c the **' *" x - -5
K Black Vici Kid, Box Calf, Velour Calf, Tan • • • • • 2 lbs, 25? box; on special sale Friday only, per | BOVS 9 ari$ Children's X
J Wil'ow Calf, Patent Leather, and the best Malt Extract— Schil'er's, a fine ipring tonic; box %J <it, t% s ' 4tm ' O T § $
»* quality Patent Kid. The best materials that makes blood and buids up the system; /,'•¦; itlGtffimtJ ZZfSQ&iaiSm #
£ can possibly be used in a shoe to sell at thii dozen • • $1-97 Safe Mm P S HOSB. Bey.' S3.50 Doable-Breasted and Vest Suit •«
S price, and the best workminship and finish Cutter's AI VV'hskcy— -The genuine, bottled by Ioo £ ot:n Men's Fancy Hose, comprising f;r $2.28— Sizrs for agrs 6 to 15 years, new %
k* are the featurej of this stock. ' We guarantee Hotaling & Co. ; Friday, bottle . . .-7Of2 vertical stripes and embroideries, open work .„„•_„ „,.,.,„, ,-j „?„-. ~t -t ;„ k-' :- 3*
tf you as handsome a shoe as though you paid Scotch WhiKty-William W.lliams' Old High- tnd ] aC e effect, and also in pain colors, small Sprng pitt£ "" ind p;CTty ° f P lam b ueS m .J
$ J5.00 the pair, and satisfactory wear. land; Friday, bottle QOo lots only of each kind, so bought at a very this lot; good 53. 50 values; sale price . . . j*
f We have also a full assortment of men's good Zin'ande! — 5 years old, extra fins Sanoim winej special price from the manufacturer; regular.y $2.28 Jf
If quality of Vici Kid and Bjx Calf Sheet made Friday, gallon . . . 6JO 25c, 35c and 50c values; on special _ $5.00 Sailor Suits $3.4S— S'z?s for ages 3 to -J
|f «v n _. th L enew 1J lt y le J . las " L with "tension »°'"> : Mle to-day, pair. ,, JSSO handsome blue serges and eheviots, ele. ' $
a whi:h would ordinarily be marked J3.00 a __ -,- •- A „„ - mts _ . ~ T7" - ¦' , ........ K
i pair, lor which our price is . . .$2 50 25O ShSOt tVIUStV, lOCm Splo All-OvSr YokSptjS. gantly trimmed collars and embroidered shield; Jj
k* 40 Styles of Lidies' ihoes— Handrturned and Thii offering fcr Friday only; F'^y w = offn a very handsome let of imitation good $5.00 ralurs; fale price ; . . $3.48 £
£ Goodyear welted, extension soles, patent "Creole Belles" March— 1 5c. Cluny and imitation Duchesse 18-inch All- $2.0D Wash Sailor Suits $1.33 — Madras Per- jj
% leather and kid tips, kid and c'oth tops: "Mistress Nell" Waltzes— 1 5c. Over Vokings, in whits, buttrr and Arabian ,,i,«._i r ;_,„ r,,.*,-, .:„., /¦„- ,.„ . . V
tf milirary, Cuban or £ui, XV heel.; all the £ "Clorinda" Two SteP-lSc. .hade,; wcrth in the regular way 6 S e, 7S e " let anl Lmen C "*)^ "« s {o \ a *« 3 to g
g style of 'feco shoe,; splendid wearing quail- S ° m^[^, Taltle^l ."ST C * and * tM ?Ct *"<> S ** A V** " """' *™ ' '"" = * X
} ties, for $3.50 "My Dlnah"-l.-5c. Mle price of . $1,38 J
I? On ' Saturday .we arc going to have a sate of Ladies' Gloves, HandKcrchiefs and Hosiery, Men's NecKv/car, ( 's
$ Men's and Boys' Clothing and BooKs— all clean up-to-date Merchandise, upon which we guarantee a good ]> g
i Siving to yov. I S
Ladies' j
I Tailoring
I PERFECTION j
I INJTT. I
1 Every Lady's Costume |
| that leaves Keller's estab- 1
1 lishment is a living prooi |
H that they are turning out 1
I the best made garments in |
I the city. Q
I THEY ALWAYS SATISFY 1
y Keller's have no difficulty §
jj in giving absolute satisfac- |]
y tion, because at every stage 1
a of making, from the mate- 1
H rial to the finished suit, it is j
|| handled by experts and ex- j
3 perts only. f
I Never Have a Misfit.
I 'Every lady can readily |
H understand that the real I
| value of a suit depends
B upon its being a graceful ;
| fit and symmetrically made,
| and Keller's not only i
9 guarantee a perfect fit, but j
ra always refuse to allow any I
g costume to leave their store
a without it gives absolute
U satisfaction.
I Prices Will Be a Surprise. 1
H As we" are making Ladies* 1
u Costumes on a very exten- a
¦ sive scale and have every I
H facility for their produc- 1
g tk>n,' our prices will be 1
I found the lowest on the 1
a Pacific Coast: «
I 1028-1030 Market St. |Students Clash at Brussels.
NVAHIIINOTON. D. C Mitrch a.— Tha
fdlliiwlntf iitiilioii/.-ii niniiiii'iii with iiiM.li>
puiillp «t the .wlilto JloviBP thin flvenlnu:
"Any *unU<m<Mi» thui th«* Prrnldpnt lift*
chitiiKcMi hit* itiumdp «n tho Cuban, reel'
i it >¦ .|tir*ti..u in without tho Dtightent
fuumlutluii lit fitct."
President's Viewo Not Changed.
Many mlMeadlnK statements aa to the atti
tude of the President, the Cabinet and the
Housn Republicans are appearing in the news
papers. 1 cannot speak of the conferences with
the President. lint I have every assurance
that the Cabinet Is not divided on this ques
tion, nor tmve a majority of House Hepulill
cans committed iIhiiimIh-h either to thn Mor
ris or the Tawney policy. The propodltlon of 20
per cent reduction, If made, will put off, In my
JudgmcV, the unnexutlon of Cuba for many
years. Kho will not POTOI In until her popula
tion Is Americanized from the Htates, It will
settle the quetitlon for generations to rnmo and
givo rest and truiuiulUty to thn sugar bust
utiem. If the i.-.lui-tiiiii Is until.-, no further
.-Ii.ii »-.i will I mi inadn. To refusu to do any.
thins «. .ni, i put tin- iimini- In a position hnntllo
In »h« rrrsldent, would CHUufi uncertainly and
a feeling "i i.i'i.i.-iifiifi.iii tn Hi" producers of
mieni' in (lie Mm. » nii'i would do utterly iU-
mor&llclnf.
I think the large majority of the Republi
cans have made up their minds that we muut
do something for Cuba. There are thri>e propo
sitions presented which have this professed end
in view. The proposition of Morris of Minne
sota provides for an Increase in the tariff on
puK'ir to the outside world and a rebate, on
sugar imported from Cuba. It does not seem
to me that many llepubllcans are willing to
Increase the duty on sugar.
Then there is the proposition of Tawney to
vote between «7.000,0<X) and |H,00O,0UO directly
into the Cuban treasury and to ask the Cuban
Government to distribute about fl, 000,000 ac
cording to his figures, to native Cuban planters.
Tha first payment in to be made without any
compensation from Cuba in any way or man
ner—a pure gift to the Cuban Government. It
hardly needs tho opinion of a lawyer to say
that such a procedure would be unconstitu
tional. His proposition further is to pay a like
sum yearly on tho granting of reciprocal con
cessions and the passage of our immigration
and exclusion laws. Of course no bounty of
this kind could be distributed without a Hcan
da.1 ami a fraud. In the next place, sevon
eighths of the Cuban laborers would still re
main without work. It would be just aa ensy
for the sugar trust to obtain a concession on
the sugar they bought on account of the boun
ty aa to obtain a concession where the planter
knew he was to have a 20 per cent concession
in duty. Thus Tawney's resolution has no ad
vantages over thnt of a 20 per cent reduction
and It ha* tho disadvantages named.
Tho third proposition U that for a 20 per
cent reduction of duties. This would Injure no
home Industry. The witnesses before the
committee united in testify*ng — and the sta
tistics prove — that tho trust has received no
benrtlt In buying sugar, either In Hawaii or
Porto Rico, since the duty was reduced or re
moved. The entire benefits have been reaped
by the planters in these Inlands. We have every
reason to believe the same would prove true
as to Cuba.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commit
tee to-day gave out the following author
ized statement of the discussion over Cu
ban reciprocity:
Republicans Are Agreed That
Some Action Ought to
Be Taken.
Congressman Payne Re
views the Proposed
Concessions.
CUBAN QUESTION
HARD TO SOLVE
Holrar* will be trird on March SI for iu«
r ti tilt wllh u dmdly wcHpoh. Mr«.
]inl<nm. In Intj bis wife, cannot, Hrcordlnut
tii Uixv. tr^tlfy aBulnut him. Hut thrrn
were thrre oth^r wttnessr* of tho Bhoot
lng and lliry will Rive trstlmony.
PAR ADEN A, March <J,— Pevcral wrtk*
hem r.'-Mnmln C. HolmfM dhol Iwi.r At
,Mi'«, Annn M< !• t:iM becnuoo *hi> would
Sit love htm. He mlRKcd, but laat night
iltnrn and tho woman wore mnrrlrd.
Than a Man Sown Pasadena
Way.
Conquering Cupid Proves Setter Shot
f MIXES THE WOMAN
HE ATTEMPTED TO KILL
WASHINGTON, P. C, March 6.-8ena
tor Hale from the Committee on Appro
priation* to-day reported the diplomatic
Appropriations bill with nmrndmcntu mak
ins a n»^t IncTfatiij of fSMitl In the tola! np
jiroprlutlon madn by the Mil as It panged
ilin House, iHliiKiiiff the entire Rum to
fl,|i&9,»>.5, Tho in. ii mi-c in <1uo lurKfly to
th» Allowance ©f belter utimii-d to Con*
Hil* atld r. ¦ l. 1..I ii r-. of Ji KM].. ii.
Better Salaries Are Allowed.
A sailor neither forfeits nor waives any of
tils Individual rights as a citizen, except such
in- conflict with the loyal, effective discharge
of his duties as a sailor; he atmumes no risks
that result from forces wrongfully put in
operation by the culpable negligence or act4
of a foreion government and he has the mjne
rights as any other citizen to claim indemnity
fur wrongs dune by foreign governments In
time of pear*.
Commissioner Chambers filed a dls-
Bcntlnjr opinion. Tho Commissioner laid
down the following proposition:
A seaman injured by the explosion which
destroyed the battleship Maine in the harbor
or Havana, Cuba, on February IS, 1838, had
no Individual claim ae^lnut Brain, even if that
government was responsible to the Unltea
Ktates for the explosion, and, therefore, such
h seaman is not entitled to an award in lilt,
favor from the Fpanlsh Treaty Claims Com
mission organized by the act of Congress of
March 2, 11*01. to adjudicate all individual
claims of citizens of the United Htates against
Hpaln which the United (States released to
J-j n!:i and agreed to pay by the treaty of peace
of December 10, itSOH.
The claims bo far filed -with the com
mission which will be affected by this
decision amount to about $2,600,000, which
probably would be Increased to jn.OOO.OOJ
had the decision been favorable to tho
claimants.
Individual claims of cltlten» of one nation
may arise aroinst the Kovernment of another
nation for redress of injuries to ptrsons or
property which such dtlrens may have «u»
tcln«d from eurh government or any of Us
..i->?m. Hut such individual claims do not
arlKu in favor of the ofneem and seamen of a
ship of war who receive, in the Jln« of duty,
Injuries to their persons for»whlch a foreign
Kovernment Is responsible. The claim against
the foreign government Is wholly national and
all Injuries to ruch officers and seamen are
merged In the national Injury, and they can
look only to their own government for 'such
remuneration as It may choose to give them.
Tho commission holds that:
WASHINGTON. D. C March 6.—To
day the Spanish Treaty Claims Commis
sion handed down a decision against tho
claimants for deaths and Injuries re
ceived by officers and 6earoen in the
wreck of the battleship Maine in Havana
Harbor.
Crew of the Ill-Fated Maine
Must Look to Uncle Sam
for Remuneration.
Treaty Claims Commis
sion Makes an Impor
tant Ruling.
DECIDES SPAIN
IS NOT LIABLE
MATtlON, Ala,, Mareti <l.— !.uke SanJpm
wait hnnttnl herp ti>«i1ny for (ho murder f>f
Hi.nd iiv.ipiiT Mullltin, The i-xi'tMitliiii Imik
pin' n In i tm jail corridor mni wm wltn^Dcpd
ohiy by tha ituardii, forty In numlipr, 'the
report thnt the iipri-dps would nttetn|it to lib
erate HiuiJrrn proved unfounded.
WINNHM5O. MnnltobH, March fl.— Tho
iiuiinuii nay t'ompuny'n ofttclnlii hera rtpny
emphtttlfftlly Hint they luvv« recplvpd any
••(UiiiniiiiMiiit from tlmlr hki'iiim In the fnr
north of tho »inry tlmt Andrno whh nhot
by MpKIiiihi on the nlion« of 1 1 ml m> >n liny,
A xtory to thlH irfrrt wiih itubllHhed about
two year* uro mid wan inuril by Mm
Mmir.nu Hay offtcinlri. but no confirmation
of tho report could bo secured.
Andrea Story Not Verifltid.
MONONGAHELA, Pa., March 6.-An
explosion in the Catsburg mine of tho
Monongahcla River Consolidated Coke
and Coal Company to-day resulted in .tho
death of flve men and serious injury of
several others, two fatally. Tho dead:
MINE BOSS HOBEiyr IIOWEY, aged
00 years.
JAMES HOWEY, agod 20, son of above.
ISAAC EASTWOOD, 40 years old.
JOHN GILDER.' .
WILLIAM McFARLAND.
Fatally Injured^ James Haggcr and
James Torrent, both badly burned.
On Monday a premature explosion or
dynamite caused gas to ignite and since
that time tho mine has been burning.
All the air channels were closed and it
waa hoped that , tho Humes could be
smothered. This morning twenty men on»
tercd tho mine to investigate and it l»
thought that the turning on of tho air,
which had been shut off, by the fan
caused tho gas which had accumulated
to ignite. A terrible explosion followed
soon after tho men entered. A relict
party, headed by Superintendent Seddon
and Mine Inspector Loutitt, mude an ef
fort and nearly succeeded In reaching tno
Imprisoned men, but woro compelled to
return to air. All were ovcrcomn and aro
to-night in a serious condition. A Bccond
relief party, headed by John Coulter, en.
tored the mine by another way, but a
second explosion occurred and tho men
were forced to retreat. A third relief
party mado a futile attempt. A fourth
attempt will bo made to reach the bodlo*
of tho m«n who nro bollovod to hitve
perished. James IIukrit wiih ronched l>y
on« rescuing party. He wan found badly
burned, JiimeH TiTmit wiih burned by
the tinmen that nhot up all around him,
but he crawled a thoumtnd fret from hl§
enmpanion, Uildcr, who wuh killed ln<
BtaiHIy.
Five Men Are Killed and
Several Others Badly
iDJured.
GAS EXPLODES
IN GOAL MINE
W# ore agents for Wlnsor A Newton,
makem of the best nrtlsts' materials In
tho world. Pymgraphy machines for
burning wood and leather. Artist*' and
crchltects* nupplles of every description.
Bunborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Artists' Matorinls.
COPKNHAORN. March fl.-Thp Mormon
i))lHHimmrl«n' propaganda hero han become
ho nctlvri that th«y are distributing lltcru*
» urn even within t li» I >>¦ m«h (<hiirchc<H, urs*
Ing yotmir Klrlit to nttrnd Mormon mert
ingn, Htuthtli'M ahow thnt one out ot
ctvory twpnty«tvvo Danish fmlsranti to
the (fnltptl Mint'i bPcomon n. Mormon. The
domy, In connretlnn with thn Oov»rn
ni'-tit, are continuinK 1 their plant to put
an end to Mm pronelytlntf.
To Stop the Proselyting.
BTREET HAILWAY DEAL
IS NEAEING COMPLETION
Purchnpo Price Will Bo PntdiWith-
out Shipping Any Money From
Now York.
NI5W YOniC, March fl.-A member of
tho fli in of Drown limn, & Co. t*nld to-<]ny
that tho luiyuu'iit* for the purchtiMO of the
street rnllwayit In Hun Priinclico would bo
iiiimI- without tiny aMsturbnnco In tho lo
i'mI money innrket and that no. far nn he
know at present not a dollar would be
Hhlppcri from horp. Ha aald the firm had
bc«n colluding Bnn FranclKOo exchnnwu
for iomo Mum inul had prnctlcnlly com
pieted urmnKpmonts for nbout nil that
would uo needed, Th« sUm of jr>,nnn,iHMi
was arranged for. on Tuemlay and the
balunt'o of J1R.0OO.O0O will be paid March
"it. About half of t.h»> total amount will
bo paid to stockholders here.
DENVER, Colo., March 6.— The Amerl
can Cattle Growers' Convention to-day
adopted resolutions advocating the enact
ment, with some amendments, of the bill
now before Congress which provides for
the leasing #f public lands for grazing
purposes.
B. C. Buffum, professor of agriculture
at the Colorado Agricultural College, road
a paper on "Home Feeds and Cattle Feed
ing In the Arld.Reeion."
At the afternoon session the following
officers were elected:..
President, F. C. I.usk, Chlco, Cal.: first vlco
president. Uartl«tt Richards, Ellsworth Nebr. ;
socond vice president, M. . K. Parsons Salt
w ak & tr ' a , 9 V rer - 8 v°- Ol ". Denver; secretary,
H. , \\ . Robinson, Denver.
The following executive committee was
also named:
Colorado— George P. Smith and Conrad Bha
fer. Montana— Paul McCormlck and W. N.
Holiien. Nebraska— Bartlett Richards and
wVftf Ch ' v l ck - Oregon— John QllehrUt and
\\ Ullam Hereford. South Dakota — P. M Stew
art and Q. E. Lemen. Wyoming— Alfred Uoyd
?. nrt , A - A - s P HU 8 h - Utah— M. K. Parsons an>!
M. T. Haumgard. California— A. J. Harold
and J. O. Hradley New Mexico— W, TI. Jack
and J. H, Howard. Nevada— A. C. Cleveland
and John Sparks. .
Resolutions were adopted asking Presi
dent Roosevelt to suspend the work of
removing fences from the puhllo range
until action on the leasing is taken.
Tho convention declined to adopt reso
lutions regarding the oleomargarine and
the (JroHvenor anti-shoddy bill.
Tho convention adjourned slno die.
Elect P. O. Lusk of Chico
President of Their
Association.
Speaking of hla wlfo nohn said: "8he
Iiiih been an idle woman with the excep.
tlnn of her theonophlcal and other studies.
She Ih wonderfully brilliant and has nn-.it
artistic Ability, but her belief In the Ting,
lpy woman and her mystery has created
nil my trouble, 1 *
Bohn'B cruelty and other conduct are
given an reasons for the wife's leaving
Chicago and taking refuge In the Oriental
home of the theosophists In California
with her two Infants.
Cruelty, neglect and even more* serious
charges are made by Mrs. Dohn in her
amended bill. She claims that her hus<
band injured her health by his treatment
until she was almost broken down. She
further alleges that her husband and the
co-respondent were more than friendly- In
their relations.
In addition It Is alleged that Bohn took
his- wife to dlsrepu.tabie Chicago theaters
and stood by while her mother, Mary E.
Green, struck her, without making: any
attempt to protect his. wife.
Mrs. Bohn wants to recover the pos
session of her children.
CHICAGO. March 6.— Her own mother,
Mary E. Green, of Charlotte. Mich., is
accused by Mrs. Grace G. Bohn. in her
amended bill for divorce, filed to-day In
the Superior Court, of wrecking her
daughter's home and stealing the affec
tions of her husband. A weird tale of
theosophy and of the mysterious Loma
land home near San Diego, Cal., Is re
vealed by the proceedings.
Mrs. Bohn la the wife of John J. Bohn.
editor of the Hotel World, who has llVed
In Chicago for twenty-seven years.- He
says she is a theosophist and states that
one of the tenets of the creed Is to make
any accusation, no matter how bad, in
order to gain a point. Grace G. Bohn Is
a wonderfully gifted woman. She Is a
brilliant musician, a learned writer on
occult subjects and has an artistic tem
perament. Her mother is also a writer
The mother is nearer Bonn's age than
the daughter.
The bill is the outcome of marital
troubles that have been simmering for
some time. The father has now control
of their two beautiful children, Ralph,
nged six and a half years, and Donald,
five years old. He recovered them after
a chase to California, where he found
them concealed In the new temple erected
by Mrs. Catherine Tlngley, the high
priestess of theosophy in the United
States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CATTLE KINGS
IN CONVENTION
Marital Troubles of Chicago
Couple to Be Aired in
, Divorce Court
Theosophist Says Parent
Stole Her Husband's
Affections.
ACCUSES MOTHER
OF WRONGDOING
DUTTE. Mont., March 1— A sp«e!a! tn
tho Miner from Winston nays a> fatal
gtabblntf affray occurred at tho K&nt Pa
riiic mine*, In which Foreman TIgho at
most Instantly killed Paul Koch. An nt
tprcatlnn occurred between thu two mrn
and ¦ Ttffho H<3tzrd a breadkntfo atitl
plunged it Into Koch's breast, killing htm
Instantly.
Mine Foreman Kills Miner.
CONSTANTINOPLE, March «.-Osmar»
I'hmIui, a son of the famous Kurdish chief,
rtetlrulmn I'm hit, whose trtal on thti
ehanra of high treason began hero Feb
ruary 20 behind cloned tioor*. has been
hi'ilfi-liri-il tO ilrnlli. bUt tint nctntr li.-r. wtit
b« commuted to- perpetual Imprisonment.
General Nairnl t'nithn, a non-ln*law nf
ih" formor Urand Vlxier, All I'.i.ihii, ha*
been orrented.
Oaman Pasha Sentenced.
LONDON, March l-The second levea
held by Kins Edward since his accession
to the throne occurred at St. James Pal
ace to-day. It was not so largely at*
tended as the rtrst of the Kins'* levee*,
but It was surrounded by the same elab
orate ceremonial. A dense fog marred th«
function from a spectacular point of view,
both within ami without the palace. No
Americans wern presented, but the mem.
bem of the United States embassy ut«
tended tho cerumony. •
King Edward's Second Levee.
WASHINGTON, March 6.—Representa
tive Richardson of Tennessee to-day in-,
troduced in the House the following reso
lution:
That the Secretary of War be and la hereby
requested to Inform the House of Repr«>senta
tlves of the content! of the report of Colonel
John It. Chamberlain, Jnapector of th« War
Department transport Mrvice between Sau
Francisco and the Philippine Ialanda. and also
the contents of the report of Colonel Marlon
P. Maua. Inspector of the War Department, la
the «ame service. The Secretary of war la
requested to furnish the IIouss with copies oC
the reports mentioned above.
House by Representative
Richardson.
Resolution Is Introduced In tha
ASKS FOB REPORTS
ON TRANSPORT SERVICH
"Germany is our only dangerous enemy.
We must add to our army until Germany
cannot hope to subdue us without sending;
200.000 men into Holland. Then It will
nfver try; at least not 'while France con
tinues to brood over Alsace."
The statement has created a deep im
pression .in political circles hero and is
likely to win favor for the demands of
the Ministers of War and Marina for in
creased appropriations for defense. A,
staff officer said to The Call correspond
ent to-day:
THE HAGUE, March 6.— Professor
Ernest von Halle, teacher of political
economy In the University of Berlin, has
published a book In which he boldly states
that Germany Intends to absorb Holland
—first economically, then politically.
Special flspatch to The Call.
Statement Is Likely to Cause
Increased Appropriations
for Defense.
Professor Von Halle Says
Germany Intends to
Absorb Holland.
SEES DANGER
FOR THE DUTCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 1VUEGH ,7, 1902.
WASHINGTON, March O.-Tha Houstj
Indian commlttpo to-dny favorably re«,
ported the agreement made with tho
Klumiitli liiiilaiin for cessions of portions
of their reservation.
Cedo Fart of Their Reservation.
DKNVKIt, Mnreh 0.-LoniK Jr. Withnup,
ft im-hhI(iii nttornoy of thin city, who hart
lir.pn etmvlctt'd in the Unltoti Htftte* Dis
trict Court of IiuvIiik forged pIkiiuiuivn to
iioiihIoii cheokH, whh tO'dtty utMitencnrt by
JiidKt* llitllistt to nerve nftat'ii yearn tit
hunt labor In th« Lenvenworth penlton
tlnry. The eiiin will b« tnk^n to the Ap
pcllalo Court on a writ of error.
Fifteen Years at Hard Labor.
. BEAUMONT, Tex., March 6.— An early
''announcement of an important deal in
which E. II, Harrlman of the Southern
Pacific Railroad and the Hogg-Swayno
oil syndicate will bo tho actors Is confi
dently expected as tho result of confer
ences held here between llarriman and
James Swayne of tho syndicate.
llarriman arrived here Tuesday and
wna eHcorted to tho oil fields by Swayne,
Mayor Bam -P. Joneu of Toledo, and other
financiers, Yesterday Harrlman ami
Swayno hnd another long and prear
ranged conference, after which Harrlman
miiiili'iily chanK'Tl 1iU tran»contlnnntal l'»-
Hpeutlnn tour pliinu, attached hta apecinl
cur aH well n» that of tho vli-o president
of tJio Knmmn City Southern, and want up
that road, while IiIh family, with tho rest
of Hid llitiTliiiiui Hpeclftl, proceeded west
ward.
Made an Important Deal
in Texas.
Railroad Magnate Reported to Have
HARRIMAN TO GAIN
BEAUMONT OIL WELLS
In official circles thero in. a growing be
lief that the treaty is not altogether, ao
advantageous for American interests as
was at ttrst believed. It is pointed out
that Russla.v though officially approving
the principles set forth in tije treaty, un
derstands that the alliance is aimed at
herself, and she is making preparations
to resist any infringement of her rights.
Supported- by Great Britain, Japan may
adopt a policy more decided In tone than
that hitherto followed. If war results
and Ruwia be victorious, undoubtedly the
Czar will extend his sovereignty over as
much of Chinaiand Korea as he desires.
In this caso ho will apply the Russian
tariff to .acquired territories, and assur
ances given to the- United States that
American, interests will be protected' will
necessarily cease to be binding. There
fore, it is suggested thnt the Anglo-Jap
anese treaty Is injurious rather than ad
vantageous to the United States.
Anglo-Japanese treaty by Secre
tary Hay. The President and Secretary
Hay haver decided to merely acknowledge
the receipt of the instrument without ex
pressing the views thereon of the United
States. The administration has no Inten
tion of joining even in the, most remote
manner the alllanco between Great Brit
ain and Japan, with respect to China,
though the treaty is intended to enforce
the observance of principles which are
the keynote of American policy in the
Orient. .-;¦.¦.
ALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
ff T. N. W. f WASHINGTON, March 6.
(l^ j No formal expression of approval
or disapproval will be made of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In the Event of Russian Supremacy, in China, Assurances Made
by the Czar Will Cease to Be Binding— This Government
Does Not Intend to Express Any Opinion on the New Pact
DANGER TO AMERICA IS FOUND
IN THE ANGLO-JAPANESE TREATY
imi'BHBLP, Mnrch<5.-Aftcr n, bl« tirm.
nn*trutlcm to-nlRht in fnvor of univornal
HUffrngf 1 u PPi'luti* rulllntott occurfrd be
tween Liberal ntui Catholic KtudnMtw, The
jinllrp dlupcrarrt th« htudcntB with their
Rwordx, wounding three.
8
5f ¦ " ; ~-?B
¦ ., "::.'¦:-. £.*>'. ' ¦^v-';',*-; ; :. ;•-¦:.¦' •¦¦•¦¦>. . ! • : -:- -•¦¦- , • fi
a j - — ' ;¦¦ — ¦ I
" '' flo • . .. ¦ . 5
| | I have used Ripans for several years in my general practice as a | I
| !: j first-class extempore rem'edy for late dinners* distress, and have carried ! I
1 \ | them in my vest pocket in the little paper cartons. At banquets and at I fv\
If lodge meetings I have often passed one to an adjacent brother. & & % \ I
m 2 - • • . . . ' ¦ • 5 o
1 ' • o t g
S ' , ' . i ' o
H s—— — „— Mw> ,,,,,^ • ' > '' .'• ¦»!
I i At druggists'. The Five-Cent packet is enough for, an ordinary occasion. |
| : The family bottle, 60 cents, contains a supply for a year. B
n «' ¦¦¦«»«««r--- ' * S
Ba , B ,,B,, BB .,,, B ..,. BB ...,. BB ,. B , _FRIDAY, MARCH 7.
Sun rises 6 '32
Sun sets ..'.'.'.!.'.'.6:o5
Moon rises 4:30 a. m.
0 Time Time Tirn! Time
R Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.'
»LW HW LW HW
7 3:15 2.6 0:23 5.0 3:50 0.4 10:49 40
8 3:58 2.2 10:10 6.1 4:30 0.6 11:17 Bio
0 4:39 1.8 10:57 «.2 5:00 0.7 11:45 oi
10 5:22 1.4 11:45 5.2 5:47 1.0...
H W I, W H W - L W '**
11 0:15 5.1 0:09 1.112:33 5.0 6:25 14
12 0:47 5.2 6:55 0.8 1:28 4.81 7:05 L8
13 1:22 5.2 7:4« 0.7 2:28 4.5 7:40 2 2
FIRST AWAY OF THE WHAL
ING FLEET FORCED TO
TURN BACK.
Steamer Movements.
— v«v .'•/•. /QCBA.f BTBA.MI8JU! >>>•> '
NEW YORK— Arrived Murch 0— Btmr Dres.
den, from' Mrtrnen.
Hailed March 0— Stmr llovlc, for Liverpool j
stinr La Itrptnicnn, (or Havre.
HONOKONO— Arrived prior to Mnrch (1—
Btmr Victoria, from Tnwmu, via Vokohnma.
MOVILL15— Arrived March tl— Htmr I'r«tor
lan, from Mt John, N I), and Halifax, for Llv
*ri>ool.
LIVKIU'OOI#— Arrived March rt— Stmr Manx
mnn, frcm l'orttnnd; »tmr Teutonic, from New
York.
ANTWKttP— Arrived March 0— fitmr Neder
liinil. frnrn Phllii'lrliihln.
OAIFKA— Arrlvpil Mnrrli 0— Stmr ¦ Celtic,
from New York, via Futichnl, etc (crulge).
NAl'LKH— -Arrived March tt— Htmr Kalwrln
Marl;i Thereoa, from New York, , fnr Ocnon;
HOL'UKJNIC— Hailed March fl— Htmr I'hoc
nlcla, from HnmburK, for New, York.
QUKKN8TOWN— Sailed March tt— Htmr Ger
manlr. for New York, from Liverpool.
. UOT'Trcnn AM— Hailed March fl— Stmr Maas
ditm, for N>w York, via IJ.iuIoffne-Hur-Mer.
NANAIMO-Sallod March C— Aus stmr
Maria, for fl.m FrBnclnco. ' • .'.. !
GIBRALTAR— Passed March B — Br stmr
Glenshlel, . f rum Tacoma, for London; Br stmr
Hyson, from Clyde, for Seattle.
GLASGOW— In port Feb 7— Fr bark Vllle de
Mulhouee, for Kan Francisco.
COMOX— Hailed March 5, 4 p m— Ger stmr
Ids, for San Franclaao.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 6— I3r
utrnr Victoria, from Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— Sailed March 4— Stmr New
port, for Kan Francisco.
VANCOUVER. 11 C— Arrived March (J— Nor
ship Prince Loul§, from Honolulu.
NKWCAHTLK, Au«— Hailed March 0— Bark
Sea Kfr.jf, for Nan Frnnclnco.
Arrived March 5^-Hchr Kallua, from Mel
bourn »,
Tho drnd body of a man nttlred In the
Dcr.d iMan-of-Warsman Found.
It wan r«^>ort«->1 ye*t*rday that the machinery
nt the transport Warrrn met with a mlnhap five
¦ ¦•'¦ r nut of thli> i»Tt nnd thui fill'- would prob<
gMy 1* drlwvrd several dnyn In Honolulu.
Th«> lirltlnh Khlp Mnriitlii.il and the rtrltlnh
Irnrk IVimntin narrowly eornped culllslun yester
day mornlnjt off Vallcjo *lre«-t.
m
A ennollne launch built_ by John TwIggR &
Bon* for 11. !:!¦.!-¦ .in of 8t'ccktun wan launched
ymterday from th<» *«eaw«lt, !
t Lfft'J*, ,75._y.£Brj»,ol<l and llvlnx At 420,
BMtlrnrtti, wa»*«truek ywtenlity murnlnK by
a r<\r nt Flmt »n«i KnUom *tre»tti. He wan
n. i,i. o at the Harbur lionplt&l for a contusion
of the left rtlii.
Th« I«rltl»ih *hlj> FrM K. Rcumm*!! lum been
rh*r:«r«"l to enrry rrdwoort tu Kn*land.
Water Front Notes.
A breaking bar limited the going and coming
of vessels yesterday to a very few. The yacht
Ramona, bound eouth. tried to cross, but was
compflk'tl to turn back, as were the steam col
lier Amunclon and the whaler William Daylle*.
The Bar Breaking.
The steam whaler William Baylies tried to
start on her annual cruise yesterday, but found
that the Etormy Pacific, by "raising a crop of
breakers on the bar, had locked the Golden
Gate. Twice she essayed the crossing, but
each time was obliged to turn back. She may
get away to-day, but will more likely wait until
Saturday, as Friday is not a popular sailing
day in whaling circles. The Baylies is the first
of the fleet ready for the bone and blubber
hunt. All the whalers will be ready for sea in
a few days.
First of the Whalers.
••Walt nothing. I'll fix the Frenchman so
he'll have to move and we'll argue afterward."
Seizing a carpenter's ax, Splcer cut the lines
that held the Dijon and the tide did the rest.
The captains have not since met.
"Don't monkey with that fellow. Cap. He
sprung his flag oh me yesterday and he won't
listen to argument. Just wait awhile and I
guess he'll co."
Splcer couldn't wait, however. He had a
gang of men waiting to scrape the Florence
where the Ville <Je IMJon rubbed her.
McGovern was alarmed at the demonstration
and when Captain Splcer t>f the Florence in
fifted yesterday on the Frenchman's removal
and tpoke of UElng force McGovern warned
him.
McGovern's gesticulations alarmed the skip
per, who rushed to his ship, called aft the crew,
hoisted the French flag and defied the State
officer.
"If you don't move your old ship I'll move
her for you." said McGovern emphasizing each
word with a shake of his fist.
Captain Pplcer of the American ship Flor
ence yesterday eettled an international argu
ment by cutting the mooring; lines of the
French bark Vllle de DIJon. Both vessels were
moored at Main street, the Florence alongside
the wharf and the DIJon alongside the Flor
ence. Captain Bony of the DIJon three days
ago was glv<>n twenty-four hours' notice to
move his ehlp. He didn't do it. Every time
Wharfinger McOovern broached the subject
Captain Bony protested. llcOovern insisted —
in English. Uony noted his exceptions — in
French. Neither had more than the slightest
bowing acquaintance with the language of the
ether and both got mad.
Cut the Frenchman's Lines.
Tha wnret of th^ wrnthir wuh rxperl
*-hPed off Capo Mcndnrlno, whero the
Wftvcs'erow Inrpo nnd Junty. The Her
wick wn* nbmit ninety mllfu nouthwent of
Cftpd Mrndorlnn, when iho shipped some
PcttB that Cnplnln Ackrrtnan und his
crew will nevrr forget A BUcccnelon of
southeasterly pnlc» had been mnklng ltfu
miserable for nil hands, and when Febru
ary £2 dawned pklpper nnrt crew thought
thrlr rup of tribulation full enough. It
waB then that n giant wave hit tho ves
bcI. The schooner was thrown on her
beams ends and as frhe recovered the
wind ripped the foresail and Jib into rib
bons. The neas bombarded her from all
Bides. Her yawl was torn from its lash
ings, smashed, and the fragments washed
overboard. The decks were swept clear of
everything movable. There was a heavy
Kedge anchor on deck that was not
classed as movable. The waves didn't
mind that, however, for one of the big-
Best came aboard with a rush, picked up'
the weighty piece of hardware and car
ried It overboard. * Beyond losing some
nails and straining her gear the Berwick
came through the ordeal in. good shape.
«h1p or t'Bl—i th« limit!" of >alU
ormrn. Bho left ltogue lllver thres
wp^Hs nfti) jrnrt from tho first day of the
voyage until yesterday, when ihe eame
tumbllns ovpr the breuklng bitr, it hn«
bi-cn blow, blow, blow.
TIIR »phnon»T Ilrrwick r«»ph§<l
port ypmrrdwy «flr»r a twenty
•1 •« y Jiiiiilo with AM IimikIi w.nilii
• i- un <v. r iii.ii tho hull of iv
VICTORIA— Ballnd March B— Htmr City of
Puebla, for Han Frsnplsno,
COLON— Arrived March 4— atmr Alllanca,
from New York. •
IIAVR10— Arrived March S— Ger stmr Sonos
trls, h»-nc« Nov n.
UVKUl*0Oly-Arrlvt<1 March 6— Br uhln
Hlythnwood, from l'rn*er Ulv«r.
KOUK— Balled Mnrch 4— Ur stmr fak Llnu,
tor — ¦ ¦¦
QUKKN8T0WN— Sailed March • 4— Br ship
Ollvebnnk. for Hull. March 0— Ur ship Mool«
tan, for Harwich.
YOKOHAMA— Balled Feb 22— Jap stmr Tosa
Mam. for - Tacotna.
TOHKIGN POIITH.
BAN PISDKO — Arrived March «) — 8tmr Banta
Cruz, hence March 2; stmr Bamoo, from Cas
par; bark Vidette, from Olympla; bktn 8ka
glt, from Port Gamble; schr licrili.i Dolbecr
from Kureka; schr Luzon, from Tacoma.
galled March 6 — U 8 stmr Farragut, for Ban
Francleco; stmr Santa Cruz, for Ban Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March G— U S slmr
Fiirragut, from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 6— Schr
Inca, from Honolulu.
Balled March 6 — Bchr Queen, for Ban Fran
cinco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed In March fl—
Schr Inca, from Honolulu; Ger bark Schlffbek,
from Hunt a llosalla; Ur <ihlp Tamar, from
Callao.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 5— Bhlp St Paul,
from Manila. i
Balled March 0 — Stmr City of Puebla, for
Ban Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 6— Stmr Colum
bia, litnee March ; atmr Kulton, hence Mar .'I
Balled March 0— U 8 stmr Reward, for Port
Townw*nd.
PORT LOS ANOELKH— Arrived March 0—
Btmr Acme, from Hedondo.
PORT ULAKELEY— Arrived March ft-Hehr
ii.iil.on, from Valparaiso.
Hailed March 0— Bchr SUmson, for Ban
PORTLAND— Arrived March ft— Ship O«ri
•ral Km Id Herbe, from Hobart: ship Agnes O*.
walil, from Ntwcaitlt; bark Itockhurst, from
Mollcndo.
NEAH DAY — Piint-d oat March 0 Htmr
City of Puebla, for San Francisco; Oer stmr
Isls, for San Francisco; Aim Hrnr Maria, for
San Francisco; atmr Despatch, for San Fran
clico. U 8 stmr Grant anchored. :¦.
Hailed March 4 — Aus ship Deveron, for Liv
erpool.
TACOMA— Arrived March 0— Htmr Queen
hence March 2; stmr City of Topeka, from
Kkagway; Ger bark Schlffbek, from Santa
Rozalla; Br ship Tamar, from Callao: schr
Sunle M Plurrimer. from Makawell.
Sailed March 0 — Fr bark La Fontaine for
Quetnstown ; Hr ship Sprlngbank, fop United
Kingdom; U S stmr Meteor, for 8ao Fran
cisco; Ur ship Eaton Hall, for United King
dom; ntmr Queen, for Puget Sound port*.
EUREKA— Arrived March 3 — Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from Honolulu. • ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TOINT LOBOB, March 0, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
Jan J3. lat 20 8, Ion Ti w— Br ship Aus
trallan, hence Oct 10, for Queenittown.
Jan .'{, lat 40 N, Ion 11 W— Fr bark Marechal
de Turtnne, hence Nov 3, for Grlmnby.
Jan 18, lat 2 N, Ion 88 W— Hark Nuuanu
from New York, for Honolulu.
Thursday, March 0.
W'hallr.g stmr Wm I3aylie*, on account of
rousrh bar.
Br ship Olcnoell sailed for Liverpool and npt
Queen&town, as reported yesterday.
Thursday, March C.
. Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, Portland, etc.
' Stmr J S Klmball, Thwing. Seattle.
Htmr Mackinaw. Storrs, Tacoma.. .
Stmr.IUval. Olson. Wlllapa. Harbor. "
Ktmr Asuncion, Evans. Beattle. ¦ -
Btmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Chehall*, Thompson, Grays Harbor,
gchr Duxbury, Todd, Orca, via Cooks Inlet.
8chr liarbara Ilernster, Tienedltken, Eureka
RETURNED.
8A1LED,
Thursday, March fl.
fitmr Bonlta, Nopander, Han Pedro; Goodall,
Perklnn & Co.
Btmr John S Klmball, Thwlng, Seattle; E T
Kruae.
CLEAHRD.
AUItlVKD. • ,
Thumday, March 0. .
Ptmr Chehall*, Thompson, ;i2 houn from Hun
Pedro.
Simr Pomona,' flhea, 2H hours from ICur'Uii.
St'nr Point Arena, llansen, 20 hour* from
Mrndoclno, via Albion,
Htmr Hanta Monica, Olsen, .18 hour* from
Ban Pedro.
Htmr Ki.oknnn, Alexander, 43 hours from Ban
Diego and way ports.
Htmr Pasadena, Hamilton, 48 hours from Ban
Pedro. . »
Htmr Melville Dollar, Uow, 40 hour* from
Iledondo.
Bchr Berwick, Ackerman, 20 days from
Rngue niver.
Brhr Advent. Oltien, 7 daya from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
The bearings of the beacon are as follows:
Railroad Point, XK. by K. '.<i E., Magazine
Wharf, 8E. V* 8., North VaIl*Jo Wharf, N\V.
% W.
Tho temporary three-pll« b<»ncon, 200 feet
NNK, >4 K. of Commission Hock has not yet
been removed, . ' '«¦'.
ThU notlc* nffect# the Ll»t,pf Deacont and
Cuoyn, Pacific Coast, 1W)2, [.og« 2rt.
ISy order of the Lighthouse Hoard.
J. l». MILTON, Commander. U. B. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse Dldrict.
Tho beacon Is cylindrical in form, built of
boiler Iron, painted with red and white hori
zontal stripes, and Is surmounted by a spin
dle.
Notice is hereby given that the iron beacon
which formerly stood on Commission Rock,
Mare Island Strait, California, and which was
displaced by a colliding vessel in November,
1901, was erected in its former position Feb
ruary 27. 1002.
MARE ISLAND STRAIT— CALIFORNIA.
Notice to Mariners.
The French bark Villa de Dijon 13 chartered
for wheat at this port for Europe at 25s, spot.
The Norwegian steamer Guernsey was charter
ed prior to arrival for wheat at Tacoma for
St. Vln«ent for orders. 35s. The bark W. B.
Flint will load general cargo here for Honolulu
and Makawcli.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
uniform of the United States navy was
found floating in the bay yesterday morn
•! 1{ S n i ar , sectt <>n 1 of the seawall. Th«
body had been in the water about two
weeks, and there was nothing on the per-
Eon by which it could be identified. A
flower was tattooed on the back of the
lfcft hand.
Flat Opening Blank Books
Coat no moro nnd give much better snt
ittfncUon than tho old humpbacks. Boo
them In, our'fltationcry department. Wo
cloiirintinK and book binding nnd uell all
kliidH of office stationary nt bottom .prices.
Bnnborn. Voll & Co./ T41 Market street. •
Well-Known Druid Dead.
John' Ilutton,. ono of tho bost known
member* of the United Ancient Order of
brutdd, dlod at hln homo In Alumeda last
Tuesday after n few days' suffering from
pneumonia. Hl» funeral will take place
to-day from the Druldio Hall on Butter
Htreot under the nuaplcoa of Hesperian
Urovo nnd HartmiKle Chapter, lit, wn* a
member of the order for many y<mr» and
held man/ pnfltlonM of honor und trim
In tho order, ho being at the time of his
denth Neerntnry of tho ohaptor.; Ho was a
Dfitlvo of 8t. gtPphen». N. «., 78 yenr« of
u«o iin«l.thn father of Hattlo B. nnd Sam
u«il J. Hulton, Mm. K. W. Luhr. Mrn. Mel
ville P. Forben and Mrs. Jullua Tannlcre.
• • Every day during March and April the" Santa
Fe will »ell one way ticket* from Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Washington, Plttsburj.-
Cincinnati, llu.'falo, Chicago, Kansas City, hi'
Louis and all other points In the East at thi
lowest rotes ever made -one way to the Pacific
Coast. If you have friends to come put your
money In the hands of any Santa Fe Agent
who will arrange for the trip.
Cheap Rates to California.
Bun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Cnait nnd aeodetlo Survey— i
, Times and llelghti of iii«h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Han
Francisco ¦ Hay. Published by official 'au<
thorlty of 'the Superintendent. ... - ¦',
* NOTE — The ' liitfh - and low water* ' occur at
Hl^omor, y»r. I Hntli.
Bertha....... Cook* Inlet & Wny I'tn, MnrTTa
City Brattle.. Hk«nway 6c Way Portg, Mitr. Vi
Dlrlito Hkogway & Way Portu, Mnr. 14
V). Thormmon. Cooki lnlot A Way l't». Mar. in
Norn* City... Cook* Inlet * Way PH. Mar. 15
Al-Kl.... .... Skngway A Way Port*. Mar. 1«
Oottnu«i Olty. Hkfixwuy A Way Poitit. Mar. 10
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. Pier.
March 7. " | ',
Arrntn Coos H. & Pt. OrfdllS! m Plcr-'IS
H. Dollar.. 8cattle & Hadlock.f 5 pm Pier 2
Hun. in Newport & \vm> i-i», •.. rtlll ,.,,, u
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill ami fit r o
Mnrcli N. I
Pomona.... Humboldt I -.30 p Pier . 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Plfr 2
San Jose... Panama & "Way Pu 12 m PM89
Alameda... Honolulu .......... a pm Pier ;
Mnrcli U.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Kama Ana. SrattUi & Tacoma .. lo amiHt«r a
Hpokane... San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
u. W. ISIdoi Aitorta 4s i'prtlandili amifUr y*
North Kork Hur»H»l«lt , . - I u ain'i'ier 2
March 10, i
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor .... B pmlPler 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... ,1 pmjPler 1.1
Eureka...." Humnoldt u un>il't«r iJ
!Miirc*Ii 11. |
I*is...' Hamburg & Way lPler' °7
Coon May., bun Pedro & Wayj. u »m 1'ier n
Mnrch . la.
Meteor Beattlo & Taeoma.. c p m pj er __
hiuieCat... Hun UlfRO * Way., it M ni \>\ r t U
Palena Valparalio & Way., 12 .mlPler io
Mandalay.. Coquille Itlver .... 10 am Pier 2
City Pufbla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier u
Mnrch 10. .
O. Llndauet Orayn Harbor p| er _
Coronado... Grays Harbor . 5 pm Her 2
IUinler. . . . Heattle As N. What. 6 pm Put a
Coptic China & Japan. ; ,,, n p Mas
¦ , Mnrnh 14..
Czarina,,.. fi«nttle,& THoptna.. 0 pm Pier S
Columbia.. AntoriH * Portland U um'l'Ur 21
i Mnrcli in. I
I.akm« Antoria & Portland Pl*r —
Q. Dollar.. Orpyw Harbor ..... P pm|PlT 2
¦ FHOM 8BATTM5.
The Mayor assigns as his reasons for
his veto that tho fund was set aside for
a specific purpose and tho question of its
status ia now being coneidered by the Su
preme Court. . .
Mayor Schmitz yesterday returned with
out his approval the resolution of tho
Beard of Supervisors recommending that
the city treasury return to the general
fund tho sum of $125,000, set aside by a
former board to bo used for the purchase
of lan£ for the St. Mary's Park. The in
tent of the resolution would have made
possible the payment of some $90,000 in
demands for milarles and other items re
maining unpaid for the year 1900, but Jf
the Mayor's veto is sustained tho fund
will be kept Intact. \
May9r Schmitz Vetoes Supervisor'
Re sol a tion Recommending Its
Transfer to General Fund.
WANTS THE ST. MAEY'S
PARK 'FUND KEPT INTACT
The writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of Major Joseph Knowjton was dis
missed by Judge Cook yesterday and tha
prisoner remanded into the custody of the
Sheriff. Knowlton was held to answer by
Jiu'Kc Mogan on the charge of felony em
bezzlement on the complaint of his
brother-in-law. Jamea H. Doolittle. of th«»
St. Nicholas Hotel, where he was cashier
for several years.
Knowlton Must Stand Trial.
. TO ARIUVE.
¦ Steamer. I From. • • I Due.
Edith 'Rrattle ..-....'. ... Mar.; 7
Aztec Tacoma Mnr. ',7
Orcgonlan.... New York ;..',; Mar; 7
8. Portland . . Coos Hay . . . ,• Mar 7
«. W. Klder.* Portland & Astoria Mar». 7
San Pedro... f?rayn Harbor '. Mar. '7
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcom Marv-'8
Kurefca Humboldt iMar. 8
CltyPuebla.. Pu*rt Sound Poru ...,(Mnr. «
Isls Seattle .: I Mar/ 8
Titaniu Nanalmo |Mar. 8
Ianua 'Kureka ..." |Mar. 8
Phoenix Mcmloclno City iMar. 8
Pleiades Seattle |Mar. 1)
Argyll N«w V'ork vm Panama, itlur. 1)
Mandalay.... Ccjullle River IMar. 0
State of Cal.. San nieeo ft AVuv Porta.lMar. it
Palfna Valparaiso & Way Pts.lMnr. n
Maria Nunalmo |Mar. 10
Ventura Ifiydncy & Way Port*... Mur. if)
Newport ! Panama 8t Way Port*. .. Mar. 10
Meteor ..Tacoma ..; Mar. 10
I'omonn Humboldt , , Mar. 11
O. I.ltKlaucr. . Oruyn Harbor 1 Mar. II
Amer. Muru. . China & Japan Mar. 11
Columbia.... Portland ft. AMuria .... Mar. 11
Honlta Nowport & Way Ports., |Mar, IS
Ouofri. ....... Puget Pound ForU Mar. IX
O. Dollar. . . . Orays Harbor Mar. 13
Bpokane San DIpro ft Way Ports. Mar. 1."
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar. IS
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 15
Hnrmonthls. . MRmhuric via W. «*naiit.'Msir. ir>
'loos FJay.... San Pedro & Wny Ports.|Mar. 10
Henlor counselor, Harry U. Gettleaon; Junior
counselor. Milt. It. Kail; past counselor. DavM
Hlrschler; secretary-treasurer. It. L. Judell;
conductor, George Borchardt: page, Simon V.
Juda; sentinel, William M. Kngllsh; executive
committee, two year*. A. C. Boldeman and
David \Vas«erman: executive committee, ona
year, Thomas J. Harris and Charles Cleve.
Golden Gat© Council No. 60 of tha
United Commercial Travelers of America
has elected and had Installed the follow
ing officers for the current year:
United Commercial Travelers.
The lecturers so far who have ex
pressed their willingness to' speak are
Mrs. Benjamin Fay Mills, Emlyn Lewy:<,
Fairfax H. Wheclan and Ng Poon Chew.
The Unity Club Is affiliated with the Cali
fornia Constructive League, of which
Chief Justice Beatty is a prominent mem
ber, and also with the Los Angeles ciubi*.
The first lecture under the auspices of
the Unity Club will be delivered to-night
in Golden Gate Hall by Mrs. B. Fay Mills
on "The Mainspring of Reform."
The Unity Club, the outgrowth of sev
eral intellectual and governmental •lec
tures and addresses that have been given
In this city, was formed Wednesday after
noon and blda fair to become a succesa.
There are to be lectures on Friday ard
Sunday evenings at Golden Gate Hall;
when subjects of general Interest will be
treated by prominent speakers. These
lectures will be non-sectarian and very
similar to those delivered weekly In New
York and Boston.
Unity Club Formed.
Tho committee alao recommended tho
lHiiunnce of boiidn to the extent of $.1 fiOO
000 for a new sewer syntcm, for which
nmended plnns will be submitted by the
Board- of Works. Tho Board of Works
was requested to hasten preparations of
tho plann for new achoolhouses. Super
visor ITAncona wa» delegated to confer
with tho City Architect In preparlinK
plans for the City and County Hospital
The committee reported In favor of Is
suing bonds for tho purchase of 161 87
acres for $135,900, to. bo. used for a nark
on Twin^Peaks; for acquiring land for St
J£ ary i?n? ark . to the amo »nt of J215.000 and
the children's playground on the block
bounded by Seventh. Garden. Harrison
and.Hryant streets- for »3G1. 580, and Mls
2'on Park, on Mission blocks 8fl and 87
for $270,000, and the Presidio extension to
Golden Gate Park, $268,000. eAlcnsion t0
The committee requested tha Board of
Works to report on tho availability of the
north fork of the American River as a
source of water supply, with special ref
erence to Ice I,akes, Palisade Lake LalcV
Valley, Six-mile Valley and 'TwoSnUe
Valley a» storage reservoir sites
During the discussion on tho various
propositions .It was suggested that the
Twin Peaks property would serve as a
storage reservoir site for municipal wa
ter works. .; v, •
Tho SupervlHor* 1 Public Utllltle* Com
rnltteo ye»torday recommended thfl p «- a
nngo of a renolutlon that tho Hum of $500
000 bo railed by bond Jhkiio to rppnve ac
cepted Btrcotu. Tho 13onrd of Work* will
bo rcfiucHtcd to nucertaln tho mogt ad
vnntngeoua manner ' of ..cxpundlnjr thr.
niotiey.
Recommends Declaratory Ordinances
for Sewer System, Street Repay
ing- and Several Parks.
COMMITTEE AGREES ON
BONDED IMPROVEMENTS
Branch Hydrogrnphlc Office, IT. 8. N Her-
Marlh'oflOwT 1 8an FrancI " CO '' C '' a1 -.
Tho.Tim** nan on the tower of tho Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. °.. at noon of tho 120th merdlan. or at j
p. m., Oreenwlch mean time.
W. II. 8TANDI.I3Y,
y> Meutenant. V. 8. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tho successive tides of tho
day In. the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Klven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the tfiean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRiVNOISCO CALL, M1IDAY, MARCH 7, 1002.
Schooner Berwick Reaches Port After Twenty Days' Battle With
Fierce Gales, in One of Which She Narrowly Escapes Being
Wrecked-Captain Settles International Dispute , With an Ax
WAVE PICKS UP A HEAVY ANCHOR
AND DROPS IT INTO THE OCEAN
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My RHEUriATISn CURE Is Just as
certain to cure rheumatism as water
Is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body tho pain may be In
or whether It is acute or chronic
nUNYON'S RMEUflATISn CURB
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— flUN YON.
Munyon*» Dy*prpsia Cure will cure any ca»e of
Indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of V id ney complaint*. Including
the earnest cUgrs of Bright'* Disease, can be cured
vith Munvon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon'iCatarrh Curewill cure catarrhofthe head,
throat and stomach, nomatterof how long standing.
Nervous affection* atidditeasrs of the heartarecon-
tro.led andcurvid bvMunyon'sNerve andHcartCure.
i»unyon|sColdCure will break up any form of cold.
Munyou's Viulizcr restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $i. «
The Guide to TIrni tli (free) tell* about divajri
and their cure. Get it at any drjg store. The Cures
•ire all on sale thrre. mostly at «5 cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and fhilidclphia.
- HCNIOX'S IX1HLE1! CUBES CATIBEH.
Teeth Witfeout Plates
for thr cost of the material. All work
guaranteed. Oi>rn Sundays and even-
1ns*. Extraction free.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Tajlor St., cor. Golden Gate ave.
§\m. VIGOR. WTALITYtor MEN
MOHMON BISHOPS FILLS
have l.l en in use over nrty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
lollowera. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and younj;
arieing from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Lrapotency, Lo«t
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
Tila. Pams la Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Har-
ry, Lo£E of semen, gmm VarlooceleorCon-
ftlpation. Stop Ner f*^ fl B vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are ri.JrL immediate. Im-
part vicor and pote *»ti¥T» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Kestore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 0 for
12 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t..
Can Francisco, Cal. GHANT DRUG CO., uS
¦ nd *0 Third street.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
? HIISEUH OF flKfiTOHYJ
9 Cp :::uu2££T:r.fcet.c&*7&,2.r.Cii.4
\ 'H ."" l*»ft AfJUoimaU !.k r- n. in Ihe T
\. S5? 3») **—"—***— r —^Mrrrti rtrttit f
O /S 3 1 J>J»*U*ll»t M»il« C.CW|t U,o r »,. ©
$ 553? fl DR * J3i:UAH~DIS£AStS OF MEN A
r i. XrWLrl T»«mnfnt |«non*1ijr or by l»ttfr. A A
\ K V tI n 1 '" U4V * tt "' '» every estc u»4rri«km. T
V * li \\S n« t ritv«.i . MAtLti* mta. uf
V t»i: Jonn 4 >«!<<,. io,',l Market Kf.,.«,r. V
JWONQ WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERS
OANITARIUM.
7C4-C6 Clay St., S. F., Cil.
7 \ LL. DISEASES CUItKD
n exclusively by Chlae««
h«rb«. ci«r »arletl«« beHi* u»td. Hour.
»:30 to II a. m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to 9 p. m.
i* mi ni * O If » Boii.po!ionon»
-YgyaVfJSM^yr/I rr raedy for Oonorrbona .
j&'%>frrnrt<:S5$i SJSfr Spermatorrho-a,
/•. ¦ f 1l 1 to & i%y*. Yj charge, or any inllamm>
p\£"# Oo»r»ot»ed i» ** ti"n, irritation ur ulcra-
Br Ti PrtTCLt rrnncion. ti ' n <f mu cons mem* >
WWTh'tEKiiCiTU-'iiPn brMPS ' Won-astringcat.
|h --- l '* T| .0.ES r lor «nnt In plain wrapper.
AarSS* c# S- *• jtz'A *T expreiw, prepaid, for
« DDTTCUDC Fon UAnunns. bak-
iilLUU£lJJU bouse*, l.illard tables,
trewers. t»rx.kblnder«, candy-makert:. canneru.
<ly»r»s. flourmlll*. foundries, laundries, paper-
hansere, printers, palntem. «hoe factories.
• tablemen, t*r-roofer».' tanner*, tailors, etc.
IS'JCIIANAN DUOS..
Crush Manufacturers. C09 Sacramsnto si
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.orPOWDER
Paris, j. ESJ»!C ; New Vcrk, E. FOUQCRA & CO.
...:.:> UV ALL LiJtCGClKTg
i^^DE 1 //EY,STRONG &C0.^^X
k J)
VA/. X. HESS.
KCTAEY PUBLIC AVD ATTCRKET-AT-LAW.
Tcntli Float. Boon 101*. Claun H^rcckel* JOldr.
Telesihone Main US.J.
J:e»ldence. Kit California «t., below Powell.
L I'.e«ldfnc« Tflfphor.e. James 1501.
nlPP nnlf I I Corner Fourth «r.d
CftFf BOYAL ssSs
UIll L IJUIIIU Cc overcoat, and
valise* cbecked trs*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSB DAM1ANA IJITTERB, THIS
Great Mrxl.an Jlemtdy; gUct health and
i irenr.th lo ccxual orfran*. Depot, »Zi Markit.
DIRECTORY
- OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prico Lists Mailed
, '":. on Application.
COAL. COKI2 AND PIO IRON.
J.CWLSON&CQ., T»oTM y fl fg^.
FRP.SH AND SALT MUAT5.
OILS.
L>L'imiCATINa Ci\lJi. I.nONATlD & ICKL-Ifl.
iin Front «t,, 6, V. I'hont Mcln 17»».
I'lMNIINU, «¦—.¦¦¦-
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
tins hick8-ji:di> co..
*¦ * :¦'¦ £3 J'ufat street. Ban Kranclsco. t
DR. PIETICE'S REMEDrES.
XI7T17D PDTD WlIJl^ 0 Remedy. I do not regret
&r 1 M uillr h HA 1 r \^ i Tv, nt tho rw ! or the m t
tcines. I have gained twenty-four pound*.
¦ Indeed Dr. Plerce'a medicines have dono
tho Poriloue Period Which Jtf?i$r £¦*$&? iT^LTSifi
FoUowe an Attack of this t^^JSiiiZ!^!^
MystoriOUS Mtlllldy. lo1 •* At ono of my Uttla nura without
____ ¦¦¦'*' >¦ "¦ •bedding tcar», thinking that they wouW
soon bo left without a mother."
tSSS I^J^^&Ac^ — ««-«» >• «*»«««.
fever, But its after clfceti are pcrhapa What makes me strong? Auk yourself
iveii more to be dreaded thun the misery that question mid you wilt (Ind that tho
itteadent ou an attack of the UUease answer will be, I nm made strong by food.
Itself. The person who comes safely How docs food make us strong? lty
through an atuck of grip, man, woman, pniuing through the proceaitett of dlges*
or child, is left in a condition of peculiar tion and being concerted into nutrition,'
Seblllty and prostration from which it is which, In the form of blood, nourishes tho
dinknl't to rally. A slight cold or cough body. So that while btood is the life of
nay find speedy termination In lung the body, food is the life of the blood.
j* ' Every red vein and artery
vT <d a scarlet clue back to
j^^S^Sj^T^^S^W^ T\ f* the * toma ch. If the body
A%&*£%1) \4> ' 7 v^^Pm^^L (f ) t is weak, therefore, we munt
jf w i n P^*^ \4> <s look to the stomach first
(/ _ >\V//'£x^> or le cause °f wciknesa,
»"^ mmm, i j^i —^i^ and then to tnc Dlood«
/«^>w I oj^^ V ie satile result of phys-
$'$Mt I w&£ i'^~'&5?yi * ca * 'weaknesa will follow
"~lZSf?,: .2 I frr3\ tne opening of an artery,
\«. or starvat * on - You "may
JZK \^L V \Sx*%r bleed to death or starve to
\f /^ r bSJ^ — *^Hr tf« y f\ death. This is so well un-
r ~""^alw. *\) \ / Np£V«r ¦JZ/J lv derstood in medical prac-
~ ? VnT" >^ tice that the first c 0 ? 8 ?^*
\Jltii •'^"^ c *>^iV»^^/bLI» i^^^?** n investigating disease ia
Ifiwi -«-»// \ \ ' I Vr\ I tbe conditlon olf the 8ton ?"
rf*tS5w/ li V Al $ )' "^ acl1 - If the stomach i3
W^9 weak the bod y can>t
r "J-hs^^o i 'j*y*" '^*4' -¦ strong. If the stomach ia
I ' "\ 'ArW/fiW tr **t*i : isfl weak » that weakness will
|V-^aS£sl''\'4 <J v !/ i W *r'/ s^Zf^' surely find an echo in
BS (i i\3a!^ 41 t4~- / some other organ depend*
< entonthe stomach for its
lr a| Ywlh l^y^jX$r^^ nutrition — such as heart,
T ¦¦/ / — \ffl4ffi/&y'*$~Z*r ¦ liver, lungs, kidneys, etc
Wtfrjjr^*** — ' • If y° u starve a mother,
you starve the child at her
disease. Ordinary exposure results in breast. If you starve the stomach, yoti
pneumonia. The disease seems to starve the organs it feeds. But starva-
deplete the vitality, undermine the tion of the body can be accomplished
strength, and affect the balance of the even where food is plentifully supplied,
mind. It is one of the sad experiences because if the stomach and other organs
of the grip, that the convalescent sup- of digestion and nutrition are diseased,
posed to be rallying well, has been found, then the food will not be converted into
in a condition of complete collapse. nutrition or only pavtly so, and the body
As a result of the grip the lungs, and inadequately nourished will begin " to
other organs of respiration seem pecu- erow weak. The first attempt, then, ia
liarly liable to be affected and consump- dealing with a weak body is to nourish
tion may easily be the after consequence it into strength. The general method of
of the malady. It needs no argument this attempt is to try and bring the food
therefore to urge the building up of the down to the level of the weak stomach.
system weakened by grip to enable it to This is done by the use of prepared
resist and throw off these sequent dis- foods, cod liver oil, and its emulsions.
eases which so frequently prove fatal. But this doesn't cure the disease of the
In actual test Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- stomach or put the organs of nutrition
ical Discovery has proved itself' pecu- into a condition to build up the body.
liarly valuable not only in the quick cure Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
of the disease but also in rebuilding the .'deals directly with the stomach and
body which grip has undermined and in blood. It seeks to bring the stomach up
i curing diseases which are prone to fasten to the level of strong, healthful food.
on the enfeebled system. It strengthens ¦, when this is done the body gains in
the stomach, heals the lungs, and puri- strength, puts on flesh, throws off dis-
fies the blood. It puts the whole body ease, and enters on a new life. That
on a plane of sound and vigorous health. these results follow the use of J Golden
" Medical Discovery ' is proved by the tes-
A victim OP grip. timony of thousands of weak, rundown,
?<Two years ago this month I had men and women and by their cure, by
an attack of grip which 'left my throat the use of 'Discovery/ of diseases of
and lungs in bad condition," writes lungs, heart, kidneys, liver, etc., which
Mr3. M. E. Stewart, of Center, Chickasaw originated in the disease of the stomach
Nation, Ind. Ter. The doctor said I and its allied organs of digestion and
had disease of the bronchial tubes, nutrition.
but confessed to my husband (un- "Three years ago I had the grip,*
known to me), that I had consumption writes Mrs. Tillie Jvinney, 'of Gravel
in the first 6tage and could never be Switch, Marion Co., Ky. "It settled on
cured ; but, thanks to God and to Dr. my lungs, and the doctor said I had
Pierce, to-day I feel well, aud am better consumption.' I took six bottles of
now than I havo'been for many years. ? Golden Medical Discovery,' and am
I can do as much work now as any thankful to say I am entirely well."
woman of my age, which is forty-seven. . Sick people are Invited to consult Dr.
One of my neighbor women advised me Pierce by letter, free. AU correspond-
to get Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis- ence is strictly private and confidential,
covery, so I sent and got it, and then I Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, H. V.
was not satisfied with it alone, hardly . ._-- OV mvL
believing it v/ould cure me, so I wrote to A raES 0Pmi -
Dr. Pierce' and gave him my symptoms. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
•He replied that I had catarrh of the Adviser, containing over a thousand
4head, extending to my lungs, and told large pages, is sent free, on receipt o^
would cure me. I took his advice stamps to pay expense of mailing only. x
— never neglected it for anything. I Send 31 one-cent stamps for the cloth-
have taken seventeen bottles of 'Golden bound volume, or only 21 stamps for the
Medical Discovery,' eight vials of Dr. book in paper covers. Address Dr. R.V.
Piercc'o Pellets, and ten packages of Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVEBTI^EMENTS.
oITnuram
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common *pn«e would Bug-RRst that If one
wl«hf« to become fleshy and plump it can only
result from the food we eat and digest, and
that fond nhould'be albuminous or flesh-form-
ing food, like prkv, beefsteak and cereals; In
other words, the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater part of
cur dally bills of fare.
nut the trouble is that while we eat enough,
and generally too much, the etomach, from
iil.ijM- and overwork, doe« not properly digest
end afiflmllate It, which Is the reason ko many
I«-ojj!<» remnln thin and under weight; the di-
K*-*tlve organs do not completely digest the
iWh-formlng beefsteak and eggs and similar
wholesome tcxA.
There are thousands of, such who are really
confirmed dyiipfptlca, althouKh they may have
no particular pain or inconvenience from their
Ktomachs. •¦•
If ruch persons would lay their prejudices
exlde and m&ke a regular practice of taking,
oft»r rarh m'-al. one or two of Stuart's I>y:H
|.i|/»:a Tablets the food would be quickly and
thoroughly digested, because these tablets con-
tain the tiatural r>?Ptonrg and diastase which
?•very weak ctomuch lacks, and by supplying
this want the stomach. Is roon enabled to re-
gain its natural tone und vigor.
Htuart'n Dyspepsia Tablets' dlgost every form
of nVxb-formlng food, meat, eggs, bread and
i.iiiiitdi-r, und this is the reason they so quickly
build up. DtrenKthen nnd Invigorate thin, dy»-
ppptlc men. women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most delicate,
use them with marked benefit, as they contain
no utronrr. Irritating drugs, no cathartic nor
liny harmful Ingredient.
Htuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the most «uc-
<.<rMiil and most widely known of any remedy
for ¦tumurh trcublrn because It Is the most rea-
sonable nnd scientific of modern medicines.
Htuart'a PycpepKia Tablets are sold by every
druggist In the United rHntes and Canada, as
veil mi In Orent IJrltain, ut M» cent* for com>
plete treatment.
Nothing further I* required to euro any
¦toma'h trouble or to make thin, nervous, dys.
].i-! n<- pcopl* strong, plump and well,
/E»k n nil Ammunition and Kportlng
BDB IIHLSt" «J'' j "«. I^trK'-nt ht. irk. Iwjw-
U E]|tn f*t i-l\'rn. Until clime ,,f
9 a I OIhr b '"""'"u «fii«on will f»rr«-r
Bfl D u ujl KiuiK ni reduced prlcrs,
¦ ™ "*^ 8tn<1 for oatalogut.
8IKEVK' &!JAKHf;KCO.,
739MtrkitBt>nl 611 Kitray et
This sigaatnr* it oa maty box of ths genaln*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
tb-» remedy tb»t cores o cold la oae dajr.
The Pantouris
Here is a picture of one of our most stylish hats. Its name is H
the Pantouris. Notice the nice roll to the brim and the craceful »J
»h'ape,.of the crown. Among the other features of the hat are the w
welt ccIrc, the roll in back and the turn down of the brim in front. ||
The colors are black, cedar, laurel and steel— every one a swell, h
stylish shade. ¦ t]
See the hat in our window and you will be captured at once fl
with it. Price U
$.q,OQ \ I
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. j
718 Market Street ICalif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK,. March 6.— The -. following
Calif ornians are in- New York: From
San Francisco— B. Davis at the Vendome
H. W. Boxsel at the Gilsey, and N Good
man at the Broadway Central.
Licensed to Marry,
OAKLAND, March 7.— Licenses to mar
ry ¦were issued to-day to Michael D. Cole
man, 48, and Roseanna Feeley. 32. both of
San Francisco: Frank Johnson, 24, Ohio
and Laura M. Rose,. 21, San Leandro.
Gordon Failed to Appear.
The case of Viola Le Page and Ada
Sweeney, charged with grand larceny for
stealing $325 from George F. Gordon in
the ) Midway Plaisance, was called in
Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday. : Gor
don, who. is an ex-soldier, failed to make
his appearance and it was stated that he
had gone to his home at Fall River, Mass.
There was no evidence against the defend
ants and the case .was dismissed."
Petreau "Wanted in Chico
"W. A. Petreau was arrested at the
Golden West Hotel yesterday by Detec
tive Crockett .and locked . up in "the
tanks" at the City Prison. Chief Witt
man received a dispatch from Chieo that
Petreau was wanted there on a charge
of assault to murder.
Mother and Daughter Insane.
Mrs. D. Allen and her daughter Ethel
were removed . yesterday by the police
from their residence, 2 Hall place, off
Jackson street, between Hyde and
Leavenworth, to the insanity detention
hospital. The daughter, who is about 23
years of age. was using an ax to break
into a neighbor's apartments. Officer
Ska in took the ax away and told the
mother and daughter to get ready for a
ride, but had considerable difficulty to
get either to put on sufficient clothing to
make the trip. Before leaving the women
gathered from a number of hiding places
a considerable quantity of coin. They
will be brought before the Commissioners
to-day. • . '
VIENNA, March 6.— Professor Moriz
Kaposi of the University of Vienna, a
celebrated dermatologist, is dead.
H. P. Kraus.
RENO, Nev., March 6.— H. P. Kraus,
Postmaster of Reno and a well known
resident of Nevada, was found dead In
his room this afterhoon. Kraus had given
a banquet to the postoffice employes last
night and he • -was at the office this morn-
Ing. He was 60 years of age.
..-L. E. Sampson.
TACOMA, March 6.— I* E. Sampson
prominent In real estate and insurance
circles. Postmaster of Tacoma under
President Arthur and an occupant of
other public positions in this city and
county, died yesterday of Brlght's disease
aged 54 years. He was a drummer boy in
the Fortieth Wisconsin Regiment in 1S6G.
G. W. Edelmann.
PEJALUMA, March 6.— G. W. Edel
mann, a resident of Petaluma since 1856
died suddenly to-day of apoolexy Ho
was 76 years of ago and a native of Ger
many. He leaves a wife and son G T
Edelmann of Auburn. The deceased wa^
a prominent merchant and a member Af
the Independent Order of Odd Fellowsf
Neil Bryant.
NEW YORK, March 6.-Neil Bryant
the old-time minstrel, died in" Brooklvn
to-day, aged ,72 years. With his two
brothers, Daniel and Jerry hp tm™? *
all over the world and they became fa
mous as the three Bryants. In 1883 Brv
ant retired from the stage andTook a
Government position, which he held un
guv^w^ W HirfJ, 8 , ag °' wh ™ hiJ'heauS
O V ErleI y> eal name was Cornelius
Insolvent Merchant
Duncan Murder Trial.
Only two more jurors were secured in
Judge Lawlor's court- yesterday for the
trial of Edward J. Duncan, on the charge
of murdering George W. Rice at Twen
tieth and Howard streets, on October 11.
They were John H. Sherry and William
M. Smith. Three jurors were secured the
previous day.
Republican County Committee.
The new Republican County Committee
which was chosen by* the convention that
nominated Asa R. Wells for Mayor will
meef for organization this evening at 32
O'Farrell street. It Is understood that
Thomas D. Riordan will be chosen chair
man of the committeee.
CREDITABLE WORK OF
THE CHINATOWN SQUAD
Sergeant Conboy Submits Reports of
the Last Month and Also of
the Quarter.
Sergeant Conbpy submitted his report
to Chief Wittman yesterday of the work
of his squad In Chinatown for the month
from February 6. to 'March 6. The total
arrests were 332. Of these 258 were con
victed and paid .fines, 27 were convicted
and confined, 2 were appealed, 47 dismissed
and 3 pending. The total fines and for
feitures amounted to S1S30. From Feb
ruary 6 to 10, the Chinese New Year, there
were- no violations of the law. >
The report for the quarter ending March
6 was also submitted. The total arrests
during the quarter were 1002. Of these 751
were convicted and paid fines, 95 were con
victed and connned, 3 appealed. 150 were
dismissed and 3 are pending. The total
forfeitures and fines amounted to $5890.
The. squad> consists of Policemen Richter,
Tillman, Barry and Tyrrell. "
Man, Watch and Money Go.
Joseph Blue was arrested yesterday by
Officers Regan and O'Connell on a charge
of grand larceny. He went to bed at the
Winchester House on Wednesday night
with a former soldier named J. S. Web
ster. When . Webster awoke Blue, a brace
let, watch and $50 were missing. Blue
turned up during the day and returned
the watch, but/disclaimed all knowledge
of the money.
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
Despondent because he could not secure
employment, David Lark, who formerly
worked in the San Francisco laundry,
committed suicide last night in Lafayette
square by drinking a smal^ phial of car
bolic acid. When he was found shortly
after 8 o'clock life was not yet extinct,
but he expired almost as soon as a doc
tor'reached him. The remains were iden
tified by an envelope found in his pocket
addressed to his sister at 1290 Turk street.
He was 40 yeans of age.
Personal.
Dr. M. B. Pond of Napa is at the Grand.
Senator T. H. Selvage of Eureka Is a
Euest at the Grand. »
Jesse D. Carr is here from Salinas and
is staying at the Lick.
F. M. Shidler, a mining man of Eureka
is a euest at the Lick.
J. C. Campbell, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is a guest at the Grand.
J. B. McEwIn, a shoe manufacturer of
Boston, is registered at the Palace.
Bank Commissioner John Markley is
fctre from Geyserville and is at the Lick.
J>E. Gorman, an attorney of- Sacra
mento, Is among the arrivals at the Cali
fornia.
Edwin Gilmore, the well known societv
man. of Portland, Or., is In the city for
a short visit.
H. D. G. Burnhart, an extensive land
owner Of Santa Cruz, is among the arri
vals at the Lick. *
S. M. Green, a popular resident of Mil
waukee, who owns mining claims in this
State, is at the Palace. • ." .
H. H. Schu.tts, a surgical instrument
manufacturer of Chicago, is among the
arrivals at the Palace. • s.
R. H. Beamer, a member of the State
Board of Equalization, Is here from
Woodland and Is at the Lick.
Dr. Nathan Rogers, a well-known phy
sician of this city, returned from Europe
yesterday. He has been absent seven
months.
Simon Levl, a commission merchant of
San Diego, is in the city on a short busi
ness trip. He has made his headquarters
at the Lick. '
H. T. Lockyer, a prominent resident of
Vancouver, B. C. is spending a few days
in this city, accompanied by his wife
They are at the Grand.
J. J. Byrne, passenger traffic manager
of the Santa Fe, with headquarters in
Los Angeles, and H. G. Thompson; as
sistant to Manager George Nicholson in
Chicago, are registered at the Palace x
FAMILY SUFFERS FROM
SICKNESS AND HUNGER
Illness Brings Destitution to George
W. Wildgans, His Wife and
Five Children.
George W. Wildgans and his ' family,
which consists of a wife and five children,
residing at 476 Eighth street, are In a
state of pitiable destitution. Wildgans,
the husband and father, and the oldest
of his five children, a little girl ten years
of age, have been stricken down with
typhoid fever and the mother is in very
delicate health. The family i is suffering
for want of the bare necessities of life
and unless immediate aid is given .them
the father and the little girl, who are suf
fering from the dread fever, will likely
succumb. . ' '• •.- ;>; -v / '
For the past nine weeks, during the
father's illness, 'the kind neighbors have
supported the little family. They have
taken up subscriptions and have given a
raffle to raise money to purchase pro
visions and medicine. The neighbors also
reported the case to a number of char
itable societies, but the societies failed
to give any substantial aid.
The family is deserving «of assistance.
Those who have investigated their con
dltion report that their misfortune has
been caused by sickness and is no fault
of theirs. Until the father -was stricken
with typhoid fever he was employed by
the San Mateo Electric Railroad. He was
a hard working, sober man and always
managed to provide for hla family.
"FOUR BILLION, DOLLAR"
MAINS APPEALS AGAIN
Alleges That There Is No Complaint,
Indictment or Commitment to
Hold Him.
Charles R. Mains, founder of a myth
ical four billion dollar. syndicate, appeared
before the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals yesterday morning and applied
for a writ of habeas corpus. He read an
affidivlt in which he alleged that he was
illegally restrained of his liberty by the
keeper of the Broadway Jail at the re
quest of United States Marshal John II.
£hine and upon no other authority. He
alleged further that there was no legal
complaint, indictment, information or
commitment to warrant his Imprisonment.
Judge Gilbert announced that the de
cision of the court would be rendered this
morning. A few .days ago the indictment
charging Mains with using the mails with
intent to defraud was quashed on his mo
tion by United States District Judge de
Haven - on the ground that it had been
Improperly drawn up. The original com
plaint had been previously dismissed by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock, but when Judge de Haven quashed
the indictment hi made an order commit
ting Mains to the custody of the United
States Marshal until the meeting of the
Koderal Grand Jury. ' • •
Wanted in Oroville
tion of Pattridge Site for
Pesthouse.
THANKS HEALTH BOARD
FOR ITS INDORSEMENT
Nuevo Potrero Club Favored Selec-
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Nuevo Potrero^ Improvement Club
was held last evening, when the follow
ing resolution was adopted:
Resolved. That a vote of thanks be ten
dered to the Board of Health for
Indorsing the Pattrldge estate for the pesthouse
site.
Resolved, That the members and neighbors
are very grateful to the Board of Health fO£
doing all in Its power to remove the present
pesthouse from our midst; further
¦ Resolved, That the Nuevo Potrero Improve
ment Club wjll not forget the endeavors of
the Board of Health to get rid of the pest
house from our midst.
Resolved. That a vote of thanks be tendered
to The Call for the able manner It has writ
ten up the matter of the pesthouse and for
the assistance it has rendered us in getting
rid of a nuisance we have endured for thirty
years. . • ¦
The following members, composing the
executive committee of the club, were
present: George Guthrie, chairman;
Peter Stolberg, Robert Gridwood. John
Barduhn, A. D. Pratt and Thomas Mil
ler, secretary.
Mispah Church Gives Musicale.
Mrs. Emily Webb Giesy gave an elocu
tionary recital and musicale. under the
auspices of the MIzpah Y. P. S. C. E.,
for the benefit of Mizpah Presbyterian
Church last night at the church, on Fifth
and Harrison streets. The programme
was a good one and exceedingly well
rendered. It was as follows:
Instrumental duet (piano and violin). "Wll
llum Tell." Miss May Watson and William
Schafer; reading. "An Early Start" <Chaffee>;
vocal duet, "Hope Beyond," E. C. Gilbert and
William Schafon reading, "Lady Clare"
(Tennyson); barytone solo, "The Angel's Bell."
William Schafer; reading. "An Idyl" (Bur
dette); contralto solo, selected, Mra. Cecelia
Decker Cox; readlny, • nutue scene frbm "A
Winter's Tale" (Shakespeare): soprano solo.
"Daddy." Mi«s Zoe Levlcy; reading, "The Ca
nary at the Farm" and "The Funny Story"
( alley); tenor nolo. selected. William Baudoln;
piano duet, selected, Miss Ryder and Miss
Lillie.
The Supreme Chief Ranger.
There was a meeting last night in the
hall of Court Diana of the Independent
Order of Foresters to make arrangements
lor the reception in this city of Supreme
Chief Ranger Dr. Oronhyateka and other
supreme officers and delegates In May.
Colonel G. A. McElfresh. high chief
ranger for California, explained the con
ditions under which the Supreme Court
was induced to come to this State, -and
It was decided to tender the visitors a
leception and an excursion on the bay.
The following representatives of courts
were selected to take charge of the mat
ter: G. Q. Steuart. chairman; H. M.
Kelly, vice chairman; O. K. Brown, sec
retary; E. H. Seymour, treasurer; C. W.
Marks, E. N. Cameron. J. H. Mahan. R.
W. Jones, A. E. Cohn, G. W. Kuss, B. F.
True. J. H. Sturgess. F. W. Geiger, C.
Neilsen. O. K. Brown and E. H. Sey
mour, executive committee.
COOK AND A SOLDIER
MEET SUDDEN -DEATHS
James Barnes, Recently From Ma-
nila, and Louis Delapitra Pass
Away Without Warning.
A man whose name is believed to be
James Barnes went into a saloon at 805
Kearny street yesterday morning and
walked to the rear of the establishment.
A few minutes later the barkeeper hea.d
him groaning. A policeman was sum
moned and Barnes, who was on the verge
of collapse, was placed in the ambulance
oi' the Central Emergency Hospital. He
died before reaching that institution, evi
dently from natural causes. Letters found
en his person indicate that his name was
James Barnes, and,that he had been em
ployed as a teamster on the Land Trans
portation Corral at Manila. An inquest
will be held.'
Louis Delapltra, a cook about 50 years
of age, was found dead in his bed at 23
St. Mary street yesterday morning. Tho
body was removed to the Morgue and ;t
was found that death resulted from nat
ural causes.
N. C. MUloglav, proprietor of Nick's
restaurant 'at 604 Battery street, was
found dead in bed at half past flvo o'clock
yesterday morning. -Milloglav on the pre
ceding evening had complained of pains
in the region of the heart.
OSBOURNE WILL SPEAK
AT EMERSON'S FUNERAL
Alcazar Actor Chosen to Deliver the
Funeral Eulogy Over Dead
Minstrel.
George Osbourne, the well-known actor.
has been selected by the committee hav
ing the funeral arrangements of the- late
"Billy" Emerson in charge to deliver .the
eulogy over the remains of the dead min
strel.
The funeral ceremonies will take place
in Elks' Hall at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and the body will be placed in a vault
at Laurel Hill Cemetery. The following
will act as pallbearers: John Morrlsey.
Peter J. Dunne, J. J. Gottlob, Sam New
man, A. "Wallensteln, S. Ackerman, C. F.
Bryant and Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.
In addition to the eulogist Rev. Father
Smith of the Paullst Order will be pres
ent to pay his tribute.
HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXERS
' READY FOR THE FRAY
KPDnedy Will Meet Johnson in a Fif
teen-Round Bout in Reliance
Athletic Club Ring.
OAKLAND, March 6.— Jack Johnson,
the chocolatei-hued fighter from Colorado,
who will meet big Joe Kennedy in a fif
teen-round bout to-morrow night at the
Reliance Club, has been doing some up-to
date training during his preliminary work.
In this city. Johnson is faithful In the
gymnasium, but he varies the monotony
of the punching bag and the sparring
warm-ups by hurdling up and down
Broadway afoot and awheel at a' pace
that brings out the natives.
In fact Johnson is not losing any op
portunity to keep himself In the publio
eye. On a clear morning the spectacle
of a husky colored man plowing briskly
through the main thoroughfare with a
dumbbell in each hand anxiously arouses
the plodding pedestrian of ordinary gait.
The Denver heavy-weight varies this ex
hibition by taking a whirl on a •wheel,
and it is a sight to observe this lanky
Rocky Mountain pugilist as he pedals
along the busy thoroughfare.
But he has worked hard and his fol
lowers say his eccentricities are to ba
tolerated. They expect that he will make
a rattling showing against Kennedy. Tha
San Franciscan will come across <he ba>
with a confident backing. Report is that
he is in prime condition. His splendid
showing with Champion Jeffries some
months since gained him a big following.
The opening number for the tournament
will be a four-round discussion between
Bobby Johnson and Jocky McDermott. a
-brace of bantams who have a bit of speej
and can do a very good short time argu
ment in the ring.
Superintendent Fawcett has substituted
Jack Carroll, a hard-hitter from the San
Francisco Atftletic Club, for Jack Dough
erty in the ho with Louis Long of tha
Reliance ClulJ. Dougherty dscided he dirt
not want another meeting with Lonjr. who
defeated him a short time aso. Carroll
was in training for a cross-bay event and,
will be ready.
The club management has made all ar
rangements to handle a big crowd Friday
evening.
Supervisors' Committee Recommends
REGULATES TEMPORARY
STREET OBSTRUCTION
the Passage of an Ordinance for
Building Operations.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday recommended the passage of an
ordinance regulating the temporary oc
cupar.y of a public street during building
operations. The ordinance requires the
obtaining of a permit to obstruct the
street by owners from the Board of
Works, which may at any time revoke it.
J. J. O'Brien and F. 'H. Qaulmah informed
the committee that the ._ builders are
unanimously in favor of the ordinance.
The committee ordered a resolution to
be prepared directing the Board of Works
to remove all obstructions on Channel
street and the immediate vicinity located
on city property and obstructing public
streets within ninety days. This action
was taken on the City Attorney's opinion
that Channel street is a public highway.
Joseph Scheerer stated that he had been
in possession of the property included in
the terms of the resolution for twenty
years and claims adverse title to land on
Ninth and Channel streets.
The property-owners of Eureka Valley
petitioned for the abatement of nuisance
caused by Gray Bros.' brickyard at State
and Douglas streets and the firm was
given ninety days to comply.
G. W. Simpson, the occupant and, owner
of a building which was moved to the
roadway of Shrader street, between
Haight and Waller, by. the Sheriff on a
writ of restitution, informed the commit
tee that he would remove the house if
given a reasonable length of time. The
request of the Board of Works for au
thority to remove the building in pieces
to the corporation yard was laid over for
thirty day3.
The committee notified M. Harris of the
California Street Railway Company and
H. Lynch of the Market-street road to ap
pear at the next meeting and explain
why the space between the tracks on Cali
fornia street, between Kearny and Mont
gomery, had not been repaved.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The Post
office Department to-day announced:
Postofflce dlscountinued, March 31: Cali
fornia— Fishermans Bay, Sonoma County,
mail to Stewarts Point. Postmasters
commissioned: California — Harvey S.
Clark Jr., Lodl; John C. Boggs, Newcas
tle; Sheldon Littlefield, Anaheim. Wash
ington^-Millard T. Hartson, Spokane.
These pensions were granted: California
(original), war with Spain— Frederick
Rauscher, San Quentin, $10. Increase-
Edmund Crabtree, Santa Rosa, $10. Mexi
can war— Adam Denzler, Woodland. $12;
Richard Gosling, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12; James W. Taggart, Smith
River, $12; James A. Cooper, Los Ange
les, $12; Herman W. Kurlbaum, San Fran
cisco, $12; John M. Lcckman. Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; Reuben H. Hunt, Fol
som, $12; Benjamin W. Toralinson, Coul
tervllle, $12; William N. Smythe, La
trobe, $12. Widows, Mexican war—Debo
rah W. Sanborn. Benicia, 53.
Oregon: Increase, Mexican war —
Thomas Wren, Alsea, $12; Albert W. Ca
rey, Jefferson, $3.
Washington: Original— Frank W. Prin
gle, Orting, {6. Widows— Anna J. Hop
kins, Vancouver, $12; minors of Coridon
L. Nourse, Tekoa, 512; Irene Weeks, Lo
pez t 58. ; •, • \
Army orders announce that First Lieu
tenant Charles S. Wallace is relieved from
duty in the Philippines and will proceed
to San Francisco, and upon arrival will
report to the adjutant general of army
for further orders. First Lieutenant Clar
ence J. Manley, assistant surgeon, upon
his arrival at San Francisco, will proceed
to Fort Caswell, North Carolina. Captain
Merritte W. Ireland, assistant surgeon,
upon his arrival at San Francisco, will
proceed to St. Louis, Mo., as surgeon and
examiner of recruits in that city. Captain
Edward O. C. Ord, Twenty-second In
fantry, now In this city on sick leave, is
relieved from further duty in the Depart
ment of California and will join his com
pany at Fort Crook, Nebr. First Lieuten
ant Charles E. Marrow, assistant surgeon,
is assigned to duty on the transport Han
cock to relieve Contract Surgeon William
H. Splller, who will proceed to his home.
New York City, for annulment of his con
tract.
These confirmations were made by the
Senate: Receiver of Public Moneys— L. L.
Cater, Redding, Cal.; Replster of the
Land Office— G. W. Stewart, Visalia. Cal.;
F. M. Swazey, Redding. Cal.
PROMINENT -RAILROAD MAN
TO BE THE PRESIDENT
REDDING, March 6.— Perhaps the most
interesting "Apiece of Information given
out by Lord Thurlow and George H.
Proctor In this city concerning the Eure
ka and Eastern Railroad is that a man on
tho executive board of a big Eastern
road, being one of the prominent railroad
men In the country, has been offered the
presidency of the Eureka and Eastern
and has accepted the position. As he ha?
not yet resigned his present position his
name cannot be given out at this time.
The gentlemen here in the Interests of
the road assured the newspapermen that
his name is quite familiar to the people
of this coast. Lord Thurlow says six
corps of surveyors will arrive in Red
dins next week to work both ways from
here over- the entire route. It has al
ready been covered by the Union Pacific
and other surveys, but will be gone over
again preparatory to construction work
being commenced.
Miss Roosevelt Not to Go.
NEW YORK, March 6.— A Sun special
from London says: "A dispatch to the
Times from Washington says that the
proposed visit of Miss Alice Roosevelt to
King Edward's coronation has teen
abandoned."
4- ¦ +
YOUNG WOMAN'S . BODY
FOUND IN THE BIVER
Emeteen-Year-Old Girl Supposed to
Have Ended Life Near Sac
ramento.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— The body of
a young woman known as Mabel Woods
was found floating in the Sacramento
River .this morning on the Yolo v County
side, fdur miles north of this city. •: -,;, .'
The woman wore a black straw hat, a
brown jacket and a dress of dark mate
rial. She was about 19 years old. Peo
ple- who reside in the neighborhood of
where . the body was found are of the
cpjmon that the woman committed sui
cide.
WATSON AWAKENS WITH
FIGHTING BLOOD UP
Pcigns Unconsciousness at Hospital
Until Policemen Withdraw, and
Then Starts Trouble.
A colored soldier named Watson, big,
brawny and belligerent, turned the Emer
gency Hospital into a "rough house',' last
night, and It required the united energies
of seven policemen to subdue him.
Watson wandered into the grocery of
Fred Nordholz at Ninth and Folsom
streets about 10 o'clock and asked for a
Chinatown guide. The proprietor replied
that he didn't keep any in stock, and the
soldier resented the flippancy of the re
ply by starting to hurl the contents of
the shop at him piece by piece.
Nordholz retreated under the bombard
ment to a counter, where he secured a
large, healthy club and. then he began to
set the military man a strenuous pace.
Tho police ambulance took Watson to. the
Emergency Hospital in a seemingly un
conscious condition and he was put 'to
bed. As soon as the policemen had with
drawn the soldier jumped up and started
to clean out the ward.
Fortunately policemen were close at
hand and the fighting patient was sub
dued after a fierce struggle. He received a
badly cut head and face during the two
encounters. As soon as his wounds were
dressed he was removed to the City
Prison and booked on the charge of bat
tery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 6.-Joseph
Lebillous, a wealthy lumberman of Reid
Island, was drowned yesterday after be
ing nearly pulled ashore by two com
panions.
With David Whitner and Wilbur Con
ant ho left the mainland for his head
quarters on the island. After they had
left the island the boat was caught in the
tide-rip and capsized in a trice. The three
men were instantly in the water and Le
billous sank. On coming to the surface
he was caught by Whitner, but sank
again.
Rising the second time Conant caught
the drowning man and assisted him on
to the bottom of tho boat. Lebilllous was
the first to give signs of exhaustion, and
to assist him the other two held on to
him, maintaining this trying position for
over an hour, but every breaker made
thje men weaker, and as they were soakel
with the cold water and their strength
was taxed to keep themselves from drop
l'ing off the slippery bottom it was a hard
battle.
Lebillous finally dropped, his head in
utter exhaustion and shortly afterward
died. For fifteen minutes longer the two
brave men clung to their companion in
the hope that they would be able to
reach shore and thus prevent the loss of
the body. This also was impossible.
Themselves exhausted, they were forced
to abandon their hold, and about forty
feet from shore the body was le,t go.
Special Dispatch to Tfte Call.
SAN JOSE. March 6,-There seems to be
a hoodoo hovering over the cornerstone
of the new Carnegie library. This time
some one has broken into Contractor Cur
tis' toolhouse, where the stone has lain
since he removed It from the foundation,
and cut off part of the Elks' Inscription,
which was so objectionable to the Pas
tors' Union. ¦-•¦>:
The day after the Elks laid the corner
stone Contractor Curtis removed it from
the foundation because it was a granite
block and not sandstone. Then the Pas
tors' Union took up the matter. It ob
jected to the stone being replaced, as the
ceremonies had been "held on Sunday ana
besides it bore an inscription that it was
laid by the Elks. The ministers declared
it was an insult to the citizens. The Coun
cil ordered the stone relaid.
Now some one has cut off part of the
inscription. To-day Contractor Curtis
took the stone to a stoneyard to be trim
med because of the defacement. On top
of this comes the news that some min
ister of the city wrote to Carnegie about
the' Elks placing their inscription on the
building and this letter was sent to O. A.
Hale by Carnegie's secretary. It is
hardly probable Contractor Curtis will
have the inscription cut on the stone, but
will replace a smooth stone and after the
building is completed the inscription can
be cut.
There is considerable feeling over the
matter and it is believed, now that some
one has mutilated the cornerstone, that
if it were placed in position with the in
scription the first dark night it would be
cut off.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN DIEGO. March 6.— A plan to make
a bold strike for liberty has been discov
ered by the Sheriff's office, and but for
the disclosure might have resulted in the
death of Jailer Maddox and the libera
tion of H. R. and Bessie Hall, the dia
mond thieves, J. Marshal Brooke, accused
of cattle stealing, and any others whom
these three might be disposed to let out.
Hall ind Bessie Hall are under sentence
of ten years each for robbing a Santa Fe
baggage room. They were the instiga
tors of the plot and had taken Brooke in
to do a portion of the heavy fighting.
Bessie and H. R. Hall were confined in
different parts of the jail, but were able
to keep up communication through notes
carried back and forth by a negro trus
ty, who did the sweeping out.
A search of the jail resulted in the dis
covery of some of the notes which had
been sent by Bessie Hall to her paramour,
outlining the plans which they expected to
follow. Jailer Maddox was to De sand
bagged when he entered the cell room
with the prisoner. The keys were to be
secured from him and the three were to
make their. escape, and as many more as
could be released In the time the conspir
ators had.
The two sandbags were found, filled with
salt instead of sand, and made from the
lining of Hall's coat. One bag was wrap
ped with wire from a broom and the other
with tape which had been secured in some
manner unknown to the jailer. The cells
of the prisoners have been changed and
they will be closely watched hereafter.
Brooke's .trial is now in progress. Hall's
case is on appeal to the Supreme Court.
The machine politicians have reached
the conclusion that the primary election
law will stand. When the Republican
local convention of San Francisco ap
pointed a new county committee the
leaders of the machine forces calculated
that the law would be set aside as un
constitutional by the Supreme Court.
Special care was taken to keep out of the
committee outspoken anti-boss Republi
cans. Later on the leaders of the push
ascertained that the people were preparr
ing to fight for the maintenance of the
primary law, hence the projected assault
was abandoned. The supporters of Gage
are now preparing for a struggle at the
primaries, but they are calculating that
-the contest will be restricted to the twelve
cities mentioned in the act, wherein the
provisions of the law are mandatory.
The Twelve Cities
The twelve cities, having each a popu
lation of more than 7500, are San Fran
cisco, Las Angeles, Oakland. Sacramento,
San Jose, San Diego, Stockton, Alameda,
Berkeley, Fresno, Pasadena and Vallejo.
The manipulators of the Gage campaign
fancy that the voters dwelling in places
other than the twelve mentioned cities
will neglect their opportunities and fail
to take the preliminary steps which the
law says must be taken. In the event of
such neglect the machine will settle the
question by appointing Gage delegates to
the State convention. In cities and towns
where it* is optional to use. the primary
law the preference must be made known
at a special election. In the first place
a petition must be presented to the Board
of Supervisors or other governing body.
If the petition receives the proper num
ber of signatures and observes other re
quirements of the act the Board of Sup
t-rvisors must, within thirty days, call a
special election and submit the issue to
the voters. The ballots used shall con
tain the words: "For the Primary Law,"
and "Against the Primary Law." In case
a majority of votes cast at such election
on such question shall be for the primary
law the provisions of the chapter shaii
take effect and remain in force until ren
dered inapplicable thereto by a simlar
vote.
Time for Action.
It will take considerable time to pre
pare and circulate petitions. Cities and
towns of lesser population than 7500
should settle at once the issue whether
the provisions of the primary law should
be made available in their respective lef
calities. *
The primary election for delegates to
the nominating conventions must be held
on August 12, hence it is time for action
on the part of Republican voters who do
not reside in any of the twelve cites men
tioned in the act. When the time limit
expires the machine manipulators will
justify the appointment of Gage delegates
by saying: "We did not oppose a primary
election, but the people neglected or re
fused to petition the Board of Supervisors
to call a special election to determine
whether there should be a primary elec
tion, therefore the delegates were chosen
by the county committee according to
party custom."
Questions involved here may be accepted
as vital topics for discussion at the League
Convention of Republicans, to be held
next month in San Jose. There is a wide
spread and growing public sentiment in
California that the next Republican State
Convention shall fairly represent the
wishes of the rank and file of the party
and not be merely representative of the
•iesires of office-holding and office-seeking
members of the party. Perhaps the Re
publican State Centra] Committee may
see fit to urge cities other than the twelve
mentioned in the act to take immediate
steps for accepting the option presented
!ry the primary election law. to the end
that every delegate applying for admis
sion to the convention shall present a
commission certifying that he was duly
chosen at a popular election, conducted
under the forms of law.
The Bosses Have Trouble.
There is whispering in the camp of the
Losses that Herrin and Burns are not as
<lc«e together as they once were and that
«iage would be happier if the "colonel"
'.vould be a little more explicit regarding
1; s intentions in the gubernatorial cam
j»asn. The colonel's own steadfast hench-
li.cn are longing for a chance to even up
v. :i Herrin for the latter's deal with
• r.snmlns, wherein the workers belonging
to IS urns' old guard were thrown down.
When the true story is told it will be
made plain, perhaps, that Herrin and
Crimmins jobbed Burns in the distribu
tion of local patronage, but that will not
prevent art ultimate alliance of all the
boss elements to job the people. It is
obvious that Gage, however happy he
would be with the lasting support of both
Herrin and Burns, would rather lose the
colonel than part with Herrin. The Burns
workers are demanding that Gage shall
recognize the colonel's men in the next
award of official patronage. The fondness
of the Governor for Herrin is accounted
for on the theory that the latter is able
to swing Democratic votes. Gage is go
ing ahead with his fight on the assump
tion that he can force his own nomination
on the Republican party and by the ac
tive assistance of Herrin dictate'the nom
ination of a weak man to head the Dem
ocratic ticket.
Battle Signs in the Sixth.
There are signs of a big battle in the
Sixth District, where the Democrats en
tertain hopes of breaking California's Re
publican column in Congress. The district
embraces the counties of Santa Cruz
Monterey, San Benito, Fresno. Kings
Madera, Merced, Stanislaus and San
Joaquin. It is practically settled that
James C. ?*eedham. now serving as the
Representative of the Seventh District,
will be the Republican nominee in the
faixth. Under the reapportionment made
at the last session of the Legislature his
home county, Stanislaus, was taken from
the Seventh and placed in the Sixth Dis
trict. Mr. Needham is an able and popu
lar man. The Democrats, recognizing his
strength, are advocating the nomination
against him of W. M. Conley. who made
a great record as a vote-getter in the
campaign of 1898, when he ran for As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court
Judge Conley's popularity Is well attested
The battle in the Sixth, therefore, prom,
ises to be one of the most interesting
political struggles In the history of Cal
ifornia.
A ; .;; Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 6.— Dawson advices
cay that Charles W. Eaton, who died last
month on Hunker Creek after being
struck on the head by the falling of a
bucket, was the last of four partners
who died within one year.
During 1900 and in the early part of 1901
Eaton operated in the\Klondike district
with Fred Johnson, Al Younger and Jerry
Heater. All of them were industrious and
thrifty and they made and saved money.
Fred Johnson died last spring at Hoota
linqua after severe exposure. Al Younger
went in over the ice and on arrival ¦ at
Dawson . was stricken with pneumonia
from the effects of exposure on the trip.
He died in St. Mary's Hospital. Jerry
Heater cared for Younger at the hospi
tal and he himself became sick - about tho
time of Younger s death. Soon after he
died.
Eaton reflected on the fate of his part
ners in so short a time and felt some
mysterious foreboding which tempted him
to leave the Yukon. He made partial ar
rangements to that end, but later the
strange feeling wore away ¦ and he re
turned to his mining. He was working at
the bottom of a shaft, when a descend
ing bucket fell twenty-two feet, striking
him on the top of the skull. He was
hoisted out and died that day.
Eaton was 33 years of age and had
been one of the best-known athletes in
British Columbia up to 1894, when/he went
to Alaska. Previous to that time he was
cashier for a large firm at Vancouver.
The Sailors' Union celebrated Its sev
enteenth anniversary last evening with a
! rilliant street parade and exercises at
Metropolitan Temple. Seven hundred
representatives of the organization
marched through the main streets of the
city. They carried flags, transparencies
and torches and kept step to enlivening
music 'of brass bands. Nearly 400 mem
bers were attired in sailor costumes and
presented a martial appearance.
The procession was led by Grand Mar
shal Edward Anderson, followed by an
advance guard of twenty-four men, cap
lained by J. Jiolmgren. A band of
twelve pieces followed, and in their wake
came the divisions in the following or
uer: Company A. Captain Frank John
son; Sergeants F. Finnerty and F. Jo
imnsen, delegates to the Water Front
Federation. Company B. Captain C. g"
Simonsen; Sergeants JB. Hamilton and D.
Palmquist.
Parade the Streets.
After parading the streets for two
lours thesailors marched into Metropoli
tan Temple amid cheers of their friends.
who filled the building. The meeting
was opened by Grand Marshal kdwara
Anderson. He stated that .seventeen
years ago. on the 6th of March. 1&». the
bailors' Cnion was organized among the
lumber piles of Folsom-street wharf. ±ie
sX theunfon had grown until it stands
to-day one of the strongest labor organi
zations in the United States He : said
the Sailors' Union of the Pacific Coast
has a membership of 5000 and branches
or agents in every port on this coast and
in the East. Mr. Anderson then intro
duced Walter Macarthur as chairman of
ftie meeting. When the applause had
ceased Mr. Macarthur in part said:
The sailor as a man is as free as any man
thins of the past and a sailor will do his
duty without being forced. .,,*,„ .»,«.,
On every anniversary we have held in twa
hall or elsewhere we have always had some
achievement to celebrate or g lorlf y. I b«li«\ e
this celebration is no exception to the rule
I believe every one in the hall realizes that
the events of the past year have been in even'
respect Just as significant as the events of any
year since the organization of the union. Ihe
Sallows' Union is a great organization. It is
admired and confided in by the working peopl?
of the United States. It is the greatest oi
ganlzation of its kind. We may eafely say
to our friends in this hall that the part taken
bv the Sailors' Union in the City Front fed
eration last year was a proper one, and we
should not be ashamed of it. W e ought to
be proud of it." and our action will redound to
the glory of the labor unions on the Pacific
Coast and the United States.
Ovation to Mayor.
When Chairman Macarthur introduced
Mayor Schmitz the vast audience arose
to its feet and cheered. The ovation was
a hearty one and was deeply appreciated
by the head of the municipal government.
Mayor Schmitz spoke as follows:
Mr Chairman, ladles and gentlemen and
fellow union men. (Applause.) This meeting
shows well for your seventeenth anniversary.
This magnificent turnout, considering that
most of your "members are not here, is really
a magnificent demonstration. Tears ago the
sailor was not looked upon with as much re
spect as was felt for other citizens. The sailor
was not held in the same esteem. He was
not considered to be on the same footing with
the rest of the community, but through your
organization and through the infusion of edu
cation ycu have shown that you are a factor
in the community. (Applause.) And what has
brought that about? Nothing more or less
than the educator who is among you and the
brains that have been exhibited by your chair
man. Mr. Macarthur. and Andrew Furuseth.
(Applause.) These names and many other that
you have among you are enough v to make any
organization famous. I expect great things
from the tailors. The poor "Jack tar" has not
received his just desarts. ¦' »
When they had Chinese excluded from our
shores, they allowed them to work on the
EhlpB. manned and owned by Americana. We
are striving — and I am striving — to have them,
excluded from our shores and oft all Ameri
can vessels. I had to attend another meet
ing this evening:, but I would not have fore
gone the pleasure of coming here for any man.
I feel that you are all my friends and you
have demonstrated that in the last election.
1 know that beneath your Jackets beat the
hearts of noble. men, for in the last industrial
disturbances no one was more in the front
rank than the sailors of the Pacific Coast.
Therefore. It is with pride that I f-tand here
this evening and receive your plaudits, and,
ladies and gentlemen, and again I eay, fellow
union men,« I hope that at the end of my term
1 shall be as 'dear to you as I am in the be*
ginning.
Other Speakers.
Hearty cheers were Riven the Mayor at
the conclusion of his speech.) Ed Rosen
berg, secretary of the San Francisco La
bor Council, discussed labor conditions
on this coast. He was followed by Police
Commissioner H. W. Huttton, who de
livered a speech on topics of interest to
the assemblage. Ex - Congressman
Charles Sumner was enthusiastically re
ceived, and he dwelt at length on sailors
of forty years ago.
The meeting closed with cheering .ind
the uniformed sailors marched back to
their hall and dispersed.
Oakland Office San Fjanclsco Call»
111S Broadway. March i.
F. M. Smith, who has been the principal
backer of the Realty Syndicate and the
man who was determined to secure pos
session of all the street railroads of Oak
land, which he has finally done under tho
name of the Oakland Transit Company,
appeared before the California delegation
in Congress in Washington yesterday and
nia.de a statement that he had floated a
bond issue of $10,000,000 in Boston with
which railroad extension in and about
Oakland was to be carried on.
Mr. Smith was endeavoring to secure
rights for his tunnel scheme from Oak
land to Goat Island, but whether this is
dene or not Mr. Smith's statement 13 re
garded as having a great deal of bearing
upen the recent announcements that have
been made by the Kealty Syndicate- in
regard to railroad terminals in Oakland.
Mr. Smith's tunnel scheme is regarded as
rather visionary, but if Mr. Smith has
floated $10.(XW,OOu of bonds it means that
not only wilr the terminus for the Santa
Fc system in Oakland be built, but that
an outlet will be built for that road into
tho Santa Clara "Valley.
It has been a desire of the Santa Fe
system to secure an entrance into tha
fcanta Clara Valley because of the large
iiinount of fruit shipments from that sec
tion. A right of way through Oakland
ciid into San Jose would have cost a
great deal at the present value of land in
and about Oakland. For ten years, how
ever, the Realty Syndicate has been buy
ing large tracts of land along the foot
hills of Oakland, and it could to-day build
a railroad from Emeryville nearly to San
Leandro over its own property. From
San Leandro to San Jose would be the
easy portion of the right of way to se
cure. It is said that the syndicate has
secured these tracts of land for very lit
tle more- than it would have cost to se
cure a right of way for a railroad.
To build a road through this land would
b<; as advantageous to the syndicate in
opening up its land as it would be to tho
railroad. From all indications it would
seem that the railroad development about
Oakland will not be confined to the north.
Union Men Parade Streets
in Honor of Their
Organization.
Controversy Over the In
scription Becomes More
Exciting.
Desperate Battle Against a
Tide-Rip Near Reid
;. ' Island.
Burns' Lack of Enthusiasm
for Gage Causes Com
ment.
Falling Bucket Ends Life
7 of the Last of the 1
». Quartet.
Woman Writes Notes Which
Reveal a Clever Con
spiracy.
Realty Syndicate Owns Valu
able Property to the
South.
Places Where the Pri
mary Election Law
Is Mandatory.
Miscreants Mar the Car
negie Library Cor
nerstone. - •
Inmates of San* Diego
Cells Plan Bold
Jail Break.
Ovation Given Schmitz
at Anniversary Cel
ebration.
Tragic Ending of a Klon
dike Venture in
One Year.
Companions of Dying
Lumberman Have a
Hard Struggle.
More Railroad Schemes
That Center About
Oakland.
SAILORS CHEEB
GITY'S MAYOR
TWELVE CITIES
ARE MENTIONED
PLOT IN PRISON
IS FRUSTRATED
DEATH STRIKES
FOUR PARTNERS
VANDALISM RIFE
AT SAN JOSE
STRIVE VAINLY
TO SAVE A LIFE
PLAN TO BUILD
INTO SAN JOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
THE DAY'S DEAD .
ASKS FOR. BROWN'S APPOINTMENT —
Caroline TJ. Seamans, widow of W h Sea
mans, late adjutant general of the National
Guard of this State, petitioned . the Superior
Court yesterday to appoint William H. Brown
administrator of her late husband's estate
Alonzo C. Smith Missing,
The Coroner was notified yesterday that
Alonzo C. Smitlj, of ; 30 Twenty-eighth
street had been missing since last Tues
day morning at 8o*clock. Smith was an
employe of the San Mateo streetcar line.
Arrested for Embezzlement.
George Lunberg was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with felony
embezzlement. The complaining witness
against him is John Convey of Convey &
Sons, butchers. Green and Hyde streets,
who alleges that Lunberg, while acting
a-s his collector, embezzled the sura of
$53 w» - '
O'Brien Taken to Jail
Chris O'Brien, who has been confined
for some time past in the Emergency
Hospital at Sacramento, was taken to the
jail in that city yesterday at the request
of Chief of Police Wittman. It was be
lieved that O'Brien was a member of the
pang of thugs that murdered Policeman
Robinson, but later it was found that he
was not. '
10
J. W. Lee, a merchant of Wheatland,
Yuba County, filed a petition in insolv
ency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $3424 and has $1245
aFFets.
AV. A. Tretrenu waa arrested yesterday
afternoon on E1113 street by Detectives
L'rockett and Dillon on a warrant from
Drovllle chartflnp him with an assault to
icmmlt robbery. The complaining wit
less Is n Mrs. Maud Florner. It Is alleso-l
:hat Tretreau held the woman up whilo
>n her way home two weeks n^o and
Tied to steal her money and jewels
SUKS BREWING CORPORATION— Isabella
E. Rutherford filed a suit yesterday for $10 300
damages against the San Francisco Breweries
for Injuries received by being run over on How
ard utr^et last August by a team owned by
the corporation. ."^SSSSSSH
ellin s
is a real substitute
for mother's milk.
Our took, " MelOn's Food
Babies" sent free,
MclHn'i Food Co., Boston, Mail,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEORGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
The Father of his Country concealed a
luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queuo
wiy. Many now wish the old fashion
were ir» vogue to conceal thinned hair or
ba'.dness. Yet no one need have thin hair
nor be bald if he cure the dandruff that
causes botrf. Dandruff cannot be cured
by scouring the scalp, because it is a
germ disease; and the germ has to be
killed. Newbro's Herpiclde kills the dan-
druff germ— no other hair preparation
will. "Destroy the cause, you remove the
£ »? t«i7 1 ?S re ' s no cure for dandruff
but to kill the germ.
IM FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN 'OLD AND WELL-TRlED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW3 SOOTHING SYRUP
has betn us»d for over SIXTY YEARS »>y
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CH1LDRFV
WHILE TEETHINO. WITH PERFECT Strc.*
CESS. IT SOOTHES tho CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WI\'L>
COLIC, and ia the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by DruKglsts in every part or
the world. Be sure and ask for
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHEJG SYRUP
AND TAKE HO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
r i ' —
DB.P8ERCES
MEDICAL.
FOR THE
BtLOOP.UVER.UJflGS.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOil Mt.<.
Established 13SJL Coa->
tultation and private boo<
tree at office or by uuuw
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SL
SAM FKANC1SCO. OJLU.
*ai3 signature Is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo»Quinine.Tabkt»
xisij icmetfy tfcat cnrai m cola In «a« Oaj*Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ' 31 ,000 39 000
Wheat, bu 47,000 20 000
Corn, bu 121,000 04,000
Oats, bu 175,000 125,000
Rye, bu • 1,000
Barley, bu , 22,000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy ; creameries, lS@25%c dair
ies, 18«S20c. Cheese, steady;. 10 : ji@12VIc
Eggs, weak; fresh, 19c-
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening 61% 6% 6»4
Closing 6 1% 6% 6 V.
PARIS.
Wheat— , March. May-Aug.
Ot»ening Holiday.. . • .
Clbslng Holiday.
Flour — ; ;
Opening Holiday.
Closing . : Holiday.
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, March 0.— A sale of sheepskins
was held here to-day. The offerings numbertd
4209 bales. The • attendance was laree and
competition was animated. Merinos averaged
5 per cent dearer; notably shorter growths.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March C. — Copper and tin 1
prices were advanced slightly to-day and the
demand also improved a little. The gain in
tin was' 15 points on the bid price,- closing at
$25 05 bid, at which 'five' tons were sold, and
at $25 70 asked. The London tin market closed
10s lower at £114 10s for spot and £110 10s
for futures. Copper was Me higher, for lake
and electrolytic, with casting unchanged. Lake
copper at 12%@12%c; electrolytic at 12^13
12%c and casting at 12®12%c. •¦-. Copper at Lon
don was. 5s lower at £54 for spot and futures.
Lead was steady, but unchanged here. . Lon
don was 2s Od lower at £11 10s. Spelter stood
at steady prices here at $4 25@4 30, but Lon
don declined ?s Cd to £17. 17s 6d. Pig iron
warrants at -New York, quiet and nominally
'PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — '
200 Monarch of Arizona....... 19
300 Monte Cristo *. 1 25
200 Occidental of W Va...........:.- - 18
10 Twenty-eight - 1 30
Afternoon Session. • . .- •
I Board— - . , . n
100 Home 3 S5
100 Monte Cristo : . . . 1 30
1C00 West Lake 05
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1300 Best & Belch. 24 E00 Mexican ..... 29
300 Chollar OS 100 Ophlr . . . 0«
1000 Crown Point. 04 100 Ophir 07
600 Hale & Nprc. 30 500 Union Con.... "2t
300 Justice ...... 00 .300 Union Con...»- 23
- Afternoon Session. ¦->.*-:
700 Best & Belch. 241 100 Silver Hill,.. -51
1400 Gould & Curry 111 300 Union Con. ; 25
2000 Justice 101
Following were the sales in the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch. 22 500 Crown Point..' 05
700 Best & Belch, at 150 Gould & Curry 11
2200 Best & Belch. 25 300 Justice 00
1600 Best & Belch. 26 400 Mexican -29
200 Challenge Con IS 300 Ophir 07
2C0 Chollar 00 SCO Ophir 98
100 Con C & V..1 27% 200 Sierra. Nev... 13
100 Con C & V...1 30 200-Union Con.... 24
500 Con Imperial . 01
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher .05 200 Mexican 30
500 Best & Belch. 26 200 Ophir ......... 0»
300 Best & Belch. 24 2C0 Ophir ..X 00
200 Caledonia .... 2S 300 Overman ...; • 00
300 Chollar 03 500 Silver Hill... - 51
1 100 Con C & V..1 27% 000 Union Con... 25
200 Gould & Curry 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 6 — i p. m.
Bid.Ask.l .' " Bid.Ask.
Alpha — . 03 Justice 10 12
Alta 0t 06'Kentuck ..... 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash... — 05
Belcher ". 04 05 Mexican 2!V SO
Best & Belch. . 23-24 Occidental ... 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr ' 89 100
Caledonia'.... 26 28 Overman "04 OR
Challenge Con 18 19 PotosI .' 10 11
Chollar 08 10 Savage 07 08
Confidence . . . W) 64 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. — 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 13 15
Con New York 01 02 Silver Hill.... 50 62
Crown Point. 04 05 ;St Louis — -10
Kureka Con... IS — Syndicate • — Ct»
Exchequer ... — 02 Union Con...."' 25 2fi
Gould & Curry 12 l-> Utah ........ 0« 07
Hale &NortL. .30 - 32 Yellow Jacket .17 IS
Julia :... — ©4
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 6.— To-day* e stock mar
ket made a remarkable exhibit of strength In
epots. Several of the customary market lead
ers were included in the upward movement.
The strength of the market, nevertheless,
failed to carry conviction as to the genuine
ness of the demand which lifted prices to a
higher le\ - ei. As the advance gained headway
various outstanding short interests were put
under pressure and. bought rather urgently to
cover short contracts. The demand was so far
unquestionably genuine. Otnerwise there wai>
the appearance of manipulation. This was
partly <iue to the character of the stocks which
advanc*-d most conspicuously, i-tocks which are
not often heard from for weeks at a time on
Lhe exchange. Nor was there any tangible
' aewe to-day to account for their strerigtn.
either affecting them individually or the gen
eral situation. In fact, the conditions whicn
were made the basis of the bear argument
fearly in the v/eek continued in. force to-day.
But these were ignored. A very strong senti
mental effect was produced by the persistent
ehow of Btrpnjrth in Chicago and Northwestern
and the character of the buying, which lifted
it and which had every appearance of genuine
investment demand. It was this movement
which directly encouraged the heavy buying of
St. Paul and which leavened the whole mar
ket in the course of the day. It was supple
mented by similar movements in other high
grade closely heid etocke, euch as Pullman,
which rote an extreme 16 points; Chicago, St.
Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha 7. and a num
ber of less conspicuous examples. Northwest
ern itself touched 233. Pullman, General
Electric, Omaha and Chicago and Eastern
Illinois also made record prices to-day. -Out-
Bide of these the most notable movements of
the day were in a varied assortment of low
trade, obscure stocks. The movement u'tf
mately extended, however, to some of tlie
¦oft coalers, led by Pennsylvania and other
prominent stocks. The late dealings showed
the urual profit-taking and the closing was
irregular. Rates for call loans continued at
the higher level established during the week.
The announcement that the San Francisco
traction deal would be arranged without trans
ferrinf: money from the Sub-Treasury relieved
eome anxiety over the money outlook and re
vealed that the tentative inquiry in Washing
ton as to the facilities for transfer of $50,000,
000 to $GO.GOO.<X.'O probably were a strategic
movement having to do with the negotiation of
exchange on Pan Francisco In the market.
The bond market continued rather dull, but
was firm. Total sales, par value, $2,380,000.
United Suites 2s reg-ifitered and the 3s ad-
Taacc-d >i per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. HIrh. Low. Clone.'
Atchison 3,100 75% 75>j 75%
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 60; Small White.
$2 00(ffi3 ID;; Large White, $2 (io®2 75; Pea,
$3 50@4; Pink, $1 90@2 20; Red, $2 75©;J;
Blackeye, $3 75@4; Llmas. $4 40@4 60; Ked
Kidneys, $3 85@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 65@2 75; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 255x2 00; Canary,
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@llc;
California, 10@10y 3 c; Rape, l%#2V4c; Hemp,
3%c Der lb. : '
DRIED PEAS — Nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
, Conditions in the Potato market show little
change. Oregon Burbanks are well cleaned up
and the market is in fair shape for the steam
er which is due to-^lay with about 5000 sacks.
Seed Potatoes, are . firmly held and the market
shows some Improvement, although few sales
are reported. •¦ • ;
' Onions continue weak and unchanged. Oreen
Onions continue to bring good prices.
' Receipts of Asp"aragus were light owing to
the flooding of the islands on -the Sacramento
River. Forty-one ¦ boxes came in and better
prices were obtained for fancy stock. ••. Receipts
of Rhubarb were 14 boxes and prices showed
little change. Los Angeles Vegetables continued
to show effects of the rain, and. stock carried
over from the previous day was offering below
the quotations. *A steamer is due from Mexi
can ports Saturday. with large supplies of To
matoes and the market is consequently weak.
Peas f roni Alameda County sold at 6@7c per
pound. ¦
POTATOES— $1 10@l SO for Burbanks from
the river; Oregan Burbanks. $1 25@1 60; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles, $1 35@1 50; River Reds,
$1 50@l 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 75@2;
small BurbankB, for seed, $1 35@1 50; Sweets,
51 40 for Merced.
ONIONS— Oregons. $1 75@2 10 first hands-
Australian, $3@3 25; Green Onions, (jO@75c
per box.- • •'.- • '. . ...
. VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 15@20c per- lb
for 'No. 1 and 8@12%c for No. 2;. Rhubarb
6@0c; Green Peas, from Los Angeles, 3@6c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, 6@12V>c in
cluding, Wax; Cabbage, 40c per ctl"; Los
Angeles Tomatoes. 75c@$l per box ' and $10
1 50 per crate; Mexican • Tomatoes, $l@l 50
per box for . repacked : Dried Peppers; 12%®15c
per lb; Los Angeles do, 15@17%c; Dried. Okra
15@20o per lb; Carrots, 35<?J50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1@1 25 per dozen . for
large and. 50@75c for small; Garlic, . 1%@'2%c;
Los Angeles Green .* Peppers, lS®20c; >•. M*xi
; can do, 10@15c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles,
The situation in Beans still hinges on. the
state of affairs on the river. Some of. the
Bean lands are submerged, while others are
threatened, and dealers .' fear '. that the acreage
there this. year, will' be considerably cut down
in consequence. Holders are inclined to ship
freely to this market to save their . stocks.
Prices remain about the same, and the demand
is lnsicnlflcant.
Alfalfa Seed rules firm at the advance al
ready mentioned. \
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: No. 3
wheat, 71<S76c; No. 2 red, 81%@83c-. No °
yellow corn, 61c; No. 2 oats, 44^@44»4c; No
2 white, 45%<S46%c; No. 3 white, 44@45%c :
No; 2 rye, S8<g5M%c; ' fair to choice maltlriK
barley, 59@«3c; No. 1 flaxseed, $108; No 1
Northwestern, $1 71; prime timothy seed, $6 SO
<g(j 40; mess pork, per bbl, $15 05@15 15; lard
per 100 lbs, $9 22%@9 25; short ribs sides
(loose), $S 15@8 30; .dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%@7Vic; short clear sides (boxed),
May ........... C2 62% 61 «i 61%
July :.....: • 01 Vi 61% 61 -61^4
September' CQVs ' 5»>A ' 58%' 59%
Oats. No. 2— - ' •¦• - -•¦ •
May 44% 44% 43% 40'4
July 35% 35% 35$ 35%
September ....-» 30% 30% 30^4 30Vi
Mess pork, per bb! — •
May 15 00 15 25 15 00 15 25
July 15 30 15 42% 15 27% 15 42%
Lard, per 100 lbs— < ™
May 0 27% 9 37% fl 27% 9 37%
July.. 9 37% 0 50 9 37% 9 50
September • 9 50 9 60 0 50 9 60
Short ribs, per. 100 lbs — • •
May 8 25 8 32% 8 25 8 32%
July 8 40 8 45 8 40 : 8 45
September 8 52% 8 55 8 52% 8 55
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
May 76% 7C% 76% 76%
July. 70%.. 77Yi . 76% 77V&
September 70^ 76% 76^ 7G%
sCorn. No. 2— . . I .
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Bran and Middlings have again , declined.
Hay is steady, with continued light receipts.
BRAN— $16 60@17 50 per ton!
MIDDLINGS — $19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $1D 50@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; jobbing
$28 50@2y; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31@ai2; Cracked Corn, • $31 5o@32 50; Mixed
Feed $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
HAY— Wheat, $10@12 50; Wheat and Oat,
$9@12; Oat, $8@11; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clover,
$7@9; Volunteer. $6 00@9; Stock $d@S 50 per
STRAW — i0@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
S 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@>3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and $3
@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, $3®
B 60.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5: Hominy,
$404 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 85@8 35
in sacks. $« 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
•; ' ;;
CHICAGO, March 6. — The "crop killer" was
the most Important factor again in wheat to
day, but his mutterings were not very influen
tial. Continued reports of bad conditions came
from Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and- Indiana.
Reports from the last-named State were par
ticularly gloomy. Statistical reports stated
that crop conditions were fair, notwithstand
ing the damage, reports. Cables were some
what improved and Northwestern receipts were
small. Dullness in trade, however, kept May
prices hovering closely around 70%c the
greater part of the day,. 1 May opened un
changed at 76%c, sold as > high as 76%c and
closed barely firm %c up at 76%c. An effort
to break corn had a slightly depressing Influ
ence for a short time.
Corn ruled slightly bearish after the some
what steady opening. Cables were slightly im
proved and early offerings were light. May
prices sagged to 61%c and closed easy 14c
lower at til%@GX%c. . . ";
Oats were dull. May closed steady, un
changed at 44 % c.
Provisions manifested considerable strength
in the face of large receipts and lower hog
prices. May pork closed 15c up, lard 10c up
and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
2 it. 2 § £% 2.
STATIONS. I €p|s g.f £° 2.
"* £. £• -on C
::. z S : - : g
• • ¦ . . • - ...' •'¦." .'".. ¦¦
Astoria 29.T.S 50 44 SW Cloudy .10
Baker 29.58 44 S8 SW Cloudy T.
Carson 29.M> 42 14 S Cloudy T.
Kureka ¦
Fresno 30. «H C2 42 W Clear .34
Flagstaff 2«.7« 3*i 32 W Clear .01
Poeatello. I<3a.lK».72 42 :S4 SW Cloudy .(>2
Independence .29.82 52 34 S Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30.02 00 46 W Clear .42
Phoenix 2ft. SS TO 40 \V Clear .00
Portland 29.04 50 40 SW Rain .4(5
Red Bluff 29.92 5G 52 SE PtCldy .54
Roeeburg 29.80 4S 38 SW Rain .25
Sacramento ..30.02 5tf 42 8 Cloudy .24
Salt Lake 29.78 44 32 SW Cloudy .O«
San Francleco.:;0.O6 54 44 S PtCldy .«9
S. L. ObSspo..30.10 58 40 NW PtCldy 1.20
Pan Diego 30.02 58 50 NW Clear .02
Seattle 29.02 62 38 SW Rain .12
Spokane 2!».52 52 36 SW Cloudy -CO
Neah Bay 2?. 44 50 42 KW PtCldy .12
Walla Walla.. 2S.5« 5JI 52 S PtCldy .CO
Winnemueca .29.80 42 32 W Cloudy T.
Yuma 29.94 70 40 NW Clear T.
Temperature — 7 g. m.. 46 decrees.
WEDNESDAY. March 5.
Mary R. Scott (widow) to Mary A. Dunn
(single), lots 1519 to 1522, 15G4 to 15^7, Glis
Map 3; $1600.
fcraneis A. Reynolds to same, lota 850 to
ue.\ Gift Map 3; $3000.
Estate Itevld L. Farnsworth (by Fannie P.
Farasv/orth. executrix) to Henry and Kat»
LicMenstedt. lot 1, block F, Sunset Heighu;
$lutiO.
Fanny P. Farnsworth (widow) to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
J. B. Cowden to San Krancitco Brick Com
pany (a corporation), lots 32 and 33. block
14, Fhnt Tract Homestead Association; $10.
THURSDAY. March B.
Edward C. and Anna L. Landls to Ileglna A.
S. Peseta, lot on NW corner of Chestnut an4
Larkin str«cts, N 29:C by \V l.;7:(J- $10
P. H. McCarthy to Henry E. Bothin, lot on
E line of Van NVss avenue, 37:0 a of Fran
cisco street, S 25 by E i)>S; $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rhetn to Deutsche
Evangellsche Lutherische Cermlnde do St.
Mark's Kirch*, lot on S line of O'Karrell street,
112:0 W of Franklin, W 23 by 3 137 :tt; $10.
John W. Quick to Andrew G. Forsberg lot
on N line of Waller street, 156:3 L" of Pierce,
E 25 by N 137:6: $10.
Cornelius McAleer to May E. or Mary E.
Smith (wife of R. W.), formerly Mary or Mav
McAleer, lot on N line of Haistit street, 60 W
of Steiner.-.W 25 by N 8«. quitclaim deed; *10.
Mary R. Carew (single) to Robert Young,
same; $10.
Hubert H. Bancroft to J. J. Mack, lot on
NE corner of Paclflc and Scott streets, £ 60
by N 120; $22,218.
Elizabeth V. Imhaus (Vlgoureux) and Louid
A. Imhcius to Nellie Bond, lot on S lino of
Turk street, 110 W of Pierce, W 27:tt by 8 120;
$10. • . .
Theodore J. and Lodorsca A. Wrampelmeler
to Matilda Klinger (wife of William M.). loc
on E line of Lyon street, 60 S of Oak, S 25
by E 01:2; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company (a corpora
tion) to Levitt H. Cox lot on S line of Fred
erick street. 230 W of Clayton, W 23 by S
137:6; $10.
Robert and Jennie I. Pieper to T. L. and
Rachel Ayres. lot on SE corner of Oak and
Cole streets, E 31:3 by S 100; $"6,000.
Simon H. and Susan Seymour to Frederic'*
W. Krone, lot on NE line of Thirteenth street,
81:3 SE of Mission, SE 25, NE 148:6. NW 25.
SW 14«:9%; $10
Charles R. and Jakoblna Hagqulst to August
Rathje, lot on E line of Woodward avenue
(Jessie). 198 N of Fourteenth street, N 25 by
E 70; $10.
Norman JJcKlnnon to Jacob Hofmann. lot
on S line of Fifteenth street. 235 W of. Noe,
W 25 by S 115; $10.
City Street Improvement Company to Nor
man McKinnon. lot on N line of Fifteenth
street, 221 W of Noe. W 25 by X 115; $1300.
Nicholas. Mathilda. Henry and Catherine M.
Ohlandt to Charles "W. Ohlsen. lot on W lino
of Potrero avenue. 244 N of Twenty-fifth
street, N 50 by W 100; $10.
John and Mary Grantland to A. "W. and
Anna J. Ellingwood, lot on E line of Sanchea
street. 89 N of Twenty-seventh, N 25 by E
80: $10.
Joseph and Jacob Weissbeln to Allan M.
Pratt, lot on N line of Twenty-third street.
175 .W of Douglass. W 25 by N 114. lot 61.
Heyman Tract: $10.
Thomas F.. John C. and Cornelius J. Burke
and Mary E. Seyner to Innncenzio lula, lot on
E line of Mason street, 115 S of Chestnut, S
22:6 by E 68:9; $10.
Vicente Denis to Sarah A., Mary S. and
Frank V. Denis (equal shares), lot on S line
of Sacramento strest, 69:3 W of Jones, W 2»:«i.
S 97:6. E 29, N 2B. E 0:6. N 71:6: $10.
Albert W. and Lillie Scfcolle and Martin
Herman to Charles Carpy. lot on N line of
Post street. 137:6 E of Larkin. K 63:7 by N
137:0; $10.
Continental Building- and Loan Association to
Nellie Burrows, lot on SE corner of Twenty
second and Indiana streets, 8 42:3, E 12S:5,
NE 50. NW 115:9, W 27:1; $10.
Felix H. Irvine to H. A. Starka. lot on "W
line of Third avenue. 175 N of Clement street.
N 2.". by W 120; $10.
William H. and Catherine F. Reed to CelU
B. Moran. Jot on W line of Tenth avenue, 3C0
S of N street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Jean and Marie Esclcses to Catharina
Sclrveigert (wife of Joseph), lot on SE line oi
Edinburgh street. 75 SW of Brazil. SW 50 by
SE 100. block 46. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Lucien Brand to Henrietta L. Brand, stocks.
bond3 and all property of record in grantee's
name in San Francisco and Alameda County,
quitclaim deed; $1.
Morris A. Judd to Solomon Ducas, lot on
NE line of Seventeenth avenue, 225 NW of K
street, NW 75 by NE 100, lot 13, block 328,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
Henry A. and Frederick G. Renner to Lizzie
A. Merrals. lot 24. block 41. Sunnyside; $10.
Susan A. Goodwin to- C. D. Jessup. lot oa
SE corner of San Bruno and Railroad avenues.
E 416, SW 195, NW 339, N 04. containing 1U
acres; $10.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. March 3.
E. L. and Susanna Lowe (wife) to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (a re
ligious corporation sole), lot on NW corner of
Alia ton way and Milvia street. N 272.70. W
209.03, S 272, E 190.41, lots 1 to 8, 29 and SO.
block 1, map Shattuck Tract No. 2, being por
tion plat tSS. V. and D. Peralta Rancho, Berke
ley; $10.
Francis J. and Dell C, Woodward to John E.
Morris lot on S line of Ward street, 100 W of
Calais. "W 25 by S 135, lot 19, Mock 31. map
resubdlvision of Smith's subdivision of Math
ewa Tract.'Berkeley; also lot 21), block 31. map
subdivision same Berkeley; also lots 18 and 19,
block 33, map above described, Berkeley; also
lot 'on NW line of Twelfth avenue. 100 NE of
East Twenty-fourth street, NE 25. NW 100.
NE 25. NW 25, NEjISO, NW 25. SW 200, SE
150 block 150. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
George W. Kelly to Eva L. Weed, all Inter-,
est in following: Lot on NE corner of Ninth
street and Potter avenue, E 96.:i5 by N 104,
lots 343 and 344. map Potter Tract, Berkeley;
also lot on N line of Potter avenue at inter
section with E line of lot 344, N 131, E 2S. S
131 W 25 being W 24 feet, lot 345, and strip
1 foot by 131. Berkeley; also lot 343, same map,
Berkeley; $2594.
Charles A, Wakefleld to Louis P. Schanz.
lot beginning at a point 100 W of intersection
SW corner Central- and Second avrnues (if said
!ast avenue existed S>, W 41 :« by 3 150. por
tion lot 15, map lands Teutonla Park Home-
Stead Association, Alameda; $10.
J F. Stromberg (widower) to Ole Olsen, 7
acres beginning at angle in center line of
Strowbridge avenue at common corner, lota lb.
17 and 21 thence SW 43 links to intersection
of SE and" SW lines of said avenue, SE 304.92.
SW 635.25 NW 421. NE 775.5, to center said
avenue SE along center of same 140.58 to be
ginning portion lot 17. map Laurel Park near
Haywards. Eden Township; $10.
WEDNESDAY. March 5.
Flavlus J. (or Flavin) and Mary Booin*
(wife) to W. J. Baker, lot on S line of Ben
tor street 277 W from NW line of Stanford
avenue I W SS by S 100. block Q. Map Para
dise Park (recorded March 3, 1902). Oakland*
W J and Lettie H. Baker (wife) to Horn*
Building Company (a corporation), same (re
corded March 3, 1902), Oakland; $10.
Frank O. and Annie M. Rodman to same,
lot on S line of Benton street. 239 W from
NW line of Stanford avenue. W 38 by N 100,
tlock Q Map Paradise Park (recorded March
3 1902>," Oakland: $10.
' Willie L. and Louisa Wllcox to same, lot on
S line of Benton street. 201 W or Stanford ave
nue W 38 S 100. E 24. NE to a point which
would be intersected by line drawn S from
beginning at right angles to Benton street N
02-9 block Q. Map Paradise Park (record&I
March 3. 1902). Oakland; $10.
John H. Potjer to Michigan Furniture Com
pany beginning at a point 2934 W of San
Pabto avenue and 125 N of Park avenue. N
200 W 60 to E line right of way of Northern
Railway Company. S 200. E 110. being sub
division plat 6, Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
deed made to correct error in description in
308 D. 439. Oakland Township: $10.
Stephen T. Gage to Thomas Addison, lot on
E line of /Piedmont • way. 100.78 S from SK
corner of Bancroft and Piedmont ways, S
100 05 E 160. IC, N 100, W 160.85, lots 6 and
7. Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
" Charles Franzol (owner) with "W. Foster
(contractor), architects Kidd & Anderson — Ex
cavations ¦ and concrete walls and piers for a
'5-story frame building (!) flats) on S corner of
Jones and Jackson streets. S 53 by E 137:6;
Same owner with Richard Fahy (contractor),
architects same — All work except mantels,
shades china closets, finish hardware, concrete
and cement work, plumbing, gas and sewers,
painting, electrical work, front and basement
steps for same on same; $15,705.
Same owner with Garrett C. Sweeney (con
tractor) architects same — Plumbing, gasflttln*.
sinks bathtubs, vent pipes, sewers, gaa fix
tures, water service for same on name; $3100.
J F. and Mary .R. Cheesewrttcht (owner)
with Philip Rive (contractor), architects Mar
cuse & Remmel — All work except concrete
¦walls for foundation, stonework, plastering,
ga9 fixtures, lincrusta walton. painting.' man
tels, tiling, patent chimneys and sewering far
a 3-3tory- frame building on E'llr.e of Fourth
avenue, N of California. N 25 by E 120;
$3660.
J. H. Chorlton (owner) with George Healing
(¦contractor), architect . All work except
' mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a 2-story
'. and basement frame building on S line of Al-
I dine street. 275:S% !E of Willanl. E 25:3%.
S 143:0%. N 25:8%, W 138:2%; $.1175.
W. E. and Alma It. Conner (owners) with
AT C. Soule (contractor), architects Henry C.
Smith and Loui3 S. Stone — All work for a 2
story basement and attic frame buiMin? on
N line of Union street. 201:0% W of Polk. W
25 by N 137:6, Western Addition block 15:
$3361.
Charles Newman (owner) with Charles Marx
(ccntractor). architect J. F. Dunn — All work
except marble work, plumbing, plastic and
mural decorations, gas fixtures and draperies
for a "family cafe" in 4-story and basement
brick buildinsr at intersection of Market.
Kearny and Geary streets; CS:6 on Market, 23
1 on Kearny and 30.05 v on Geary*
•THE COAST RECORD.
; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1@
150; Marrowfat Squash. . $10 per ton; • Hub
bard Squash. $10; Mushrooms, 40c@?l 50 per
box. ¦ . •
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of local "Poultry were more liberal
yesterday than for some time. About 90 coops
came in, but as there.- was no Eastern on the
market all kinds sold readily at the quotations,
which were slightly lower for most young
stock. Ducks were scarce and higher.
¦ Receipts of Game were 38 sacks and the
market was dull, although prices were no
lower. -. ¦. ¦ . • .J
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@10c.for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1.50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5ftt!
for old and $C E0@7 50 for young; Hens, $4 50
<&-5 50; young Roosters, $0 50fJ7 50; old Roos
ters, $1@5; Fryers, $5 GOigfl; Broilers, $5@5 50
for large and $3 50@4 60 for small; Pigeois,
SI 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for
Squabs. •
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 CO for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3tfJ
8 50; White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 50@2
per dozen; Honkers. $3@4 50; English Snipe,
$3; Jack Snipe, $1 00(3:2; Robins, nominal.
Butter, Cheese an& Eggs.
¦ ¦ — _ "\j
Batter is getting weaker e»*ry day, and the
Exchange yesterday cut its prices lc, quoting
creameries at 24@28c and dairies at 17@27c.
Receipts are running larger than for a month
or' so back. The tendency is to sell, and deal
ers are predicting another cut to-day. •
Cheese is also in large receipt and weak.
Eggs have not i changed much during the
past day or so. The local market is still ex
cessively supplied, and the moist weather con
tinues to prevent cold-storing. There are a
few orders from the north, but not sufficient
to relieve the .market of its surplus. The feel
ing is very weak. • . .
Receipts were 44,000 pounds, tubs and
36 kegs of Butter, 1500 cases of Eggs, 26,350
pounds of California Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese and — — pounds of Eastern
Cheese. ..¦¦¦.
BUTTER — Creamery, 29c per lb for fancy,
28c for firsts and 27@27%c for seconds; dairy.
22%iQ27%c; store Butter, 17%@22%c per lb.
CHEESE — New. ll@liy.c; o id, lC@10Vic;
Young America, 12@12%c; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 14%@15c for selected large
and 13(gl4c for good, to choice; store, 12@13c
per dozen.
. ¦' t
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Oranges continue light owing to
the wet weather in the south, which prevents
picking. Orders for shipment to Honolulu per
steamer Saturday are limited, " but are suffi
cient'to give the market a firm tone for fancy
grades, while seedlings and choice and stand
ard navels meet with a steady local demand at
good prices, i Only 1 car of Oranges Is an
nounced for to-day's auction. Lemons and
Grape Fruit meet with ready sale and -fancy
grades of both are scarce.
Most of the Bananas which came to hand
per steamer from Honolulu on Wednesday
were green and were not placed on the mar
ket. New Orleans Bananas are plentiful and
lower.
There is nothing new to report in Apples.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for ordi
nary. . ;¦ .-..-¦ ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 50
for standards, $1 tiO@2 for choice and $2@2 75
for fancy; Seedlings, $1@1 50; Tangerines, in
quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 50@2 in half
boxes; Lemons, 75c@$.l for common and $1 25
@1 50 for good to choice and $1 75@2 50 for
fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
$G4t7; Bananas, $2@2 50 per bunch for New
Orleans and $2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$«©4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
I FRUITS— Apricots. 8%@10%c for Royals and
8%@13c for standard to fancy Moorpark::;
Evaporated Apples, 7%@S%c; sundried, 5c;
Peaches. »J%@S%c; Pears, 6@0c; Plums, pitted,
5@5%c; unpltted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@Cc
for red and 5%@6c for white; Figs, 3c" for
black and 5@5%c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows.
30-40's, 6@6%c; 40-50's, 4%@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70' s, 3%@4%c; 70-80' s. 3%@3=4c; 60-
OO's, 2%@3%c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3- crown, Sc; 2-crown, C%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, tiVic for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, «c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and .7®
8%o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS — Chestnuts, ll@12c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. »%c; No. 2, 8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell,
0c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell: 9@10c for softshell and <3@"c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, $3 504*5.
HONEY — Comb, ll%@13c for bright and 10©
¦ 12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5®
Cc; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27%@2<Jc per lb.
Provisions.
There 13 nothing new to report Chicago was
rather firmer again, but the ground lost on the
preceding day was not recovered.
This market is still apathetic and unlnter-
esting. • - •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb fo>
heavy, 12#c for light medium. 13%c for light,
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cureti;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 50@10
per barrel; extra Mess, $10 50<gll; Family,
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork,. $15; extra clear,
$22 50@23; Mess, $1S 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound anci 10%@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll^c; 10-lb tins, ll^c; 5-lb tins, 11%.^;
3-lb tins, ll%c. ,
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 0%c; three
half-barrels, 0%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%2; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^Sc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium, 0%c; . light, 8%c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip, 0c; Salted -Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 10c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip 14®15c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
luc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, ¦ 40®U0c each; medium, C5@75c; long
Wool, SOc@?l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@3 for large and $2 50 for medium, $1 75@2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
fl 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25
for ! small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall, San Joaquin, 6@8c; San Joa
quin Lambs', 7%@S%c; Middle County, S@10c
per lb; Valley Oroson, spring, 15@15%c; do
fall. 14@15c per . lb. .
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17 %c for shipment. : . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations remain unchanged. The demand
and supply about balance. ' %
DRESSED MEATS.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦
BEEF — U%@7%c for Steers and 6@6 : %c per
lb for Cows. . .
• VEAL— Large, 7%@S%c; small, S@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@S%c; Ewes, 7%@SMsC
per pound. •
LAMB — Yearlings, 0%@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb, 12%@15c per lb. . »
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9c per lb.
, LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The followine quotations are for Brood sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent' shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cowa and Heifers,
7©7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
t CALVES — 4%®5%c ser lb (eross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%®5c; Ewes, 3%@4c pac
lb (cross weight). j . •
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50<3>2 75 per
head, or.5%#0c per lb liveweight; yearlings,
4%@5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6@
6Wc; 200 lbs and over, 5%@5%c; feeders, 5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stass, 40 per cent oft from the above quo
tations. ./.'; ;'
General Merchandise. •
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, Cc: San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8e.
: COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southneld
Wellington. $9: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $n 50;
Roslyn, $7; .Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,'$S CO;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland $1^
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania' An
thracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthracite, $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
ond $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50. per ton, according
to brand. '.' ' • ' .
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases No 1
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiisd
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 6(ic for
boiled and 04c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases 00c;
China -Nut, 57%@C8c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, ,70c; 'cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; -Whale Oil, .natural white, 40® 50c per gal
lon;' Fish- Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon' and
58%c for Australian. . . ••
I COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
8tar, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, .in -bulk, 15c; in
cases 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20%c; 86-degree. Gasoline, . in - bulk, 20c; . In
cases. 26%c
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
.SUGAR — The Western Sugar ..Refining Com
pany quotes as. follows,' per pound, in 100-lb
bags : Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
Trade in evaporated apples was light and
without feature, prices unchanged.
California dried fruits were fairly active,
with prunes strong, apricots firm and peaches
about steady. For apricots Jobbers are fur
nishing a good demand.
PRUNES— 3%#6%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 10%
@12%c. ¦ . • '
. PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
*— — — *
NEW York, March 6. — FLOUR— Receipts,
8199 barrels; exports, 12,149. More active
and firmer.
WHEAT — Receipts, 5700 bushels; exports,
24,749. Spot, steady; No. 2 K red, 89 %e f. o. b.
afloat. Futures were dull, but fairly steady
as to undertone because of light receipts West,
steady cables and firmness in corn. The close
was firm at %@%c advance. March closed
S2%c; May. SS^.c; July, 82%c; September,
81 %c.
HOPS— Inactive.
HIDES— Dull. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
29c * ¦ * .'
!> WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. easy; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, dull; Cordova, S@12c. Futures
closed steady, net 10@20 points lower. Total
sales, 33,500 bags, including: May, $5 45@
6 50; July, $5 U0@5 75; September, $5 80®
5 95. - ...
SUGAR — Raw, easy; fair refining, 2 15-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test. 3%@3 7-16c; molasses
sugar, -2%c; refined, dull..
THURSDAY, March 6—2 pvm.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.A«k.| BId.Ask.
4s qr- coup.. 112% — '4s qr c (new)139%139"-i
4s qr reg 111%111% 3s qr coup. ..109 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW Co. 76%103 Oc SS Co 5s. — 101&
Bay CPC 5s. 106% — Ombus C 6s.l31 —
Cal-st £a..,.116% — Pac G Im 4s. - 95% —
C Costa 5s.. — . Ill Pk& C H Cs.107 —
Ed L&P (is. — — |Pk& O R Cs.117 120
Fcr&C H 6S.116 — jPwl-st R 6s.U7 —
Geary-st 5s. . — — Sac EGR 5s. 95 —
H C&S 5%s. — — 'VV & SJV5S.123 124
Do 5s — 100%'Blerra Cal6s.lO5 110
L Ang R 5s. 120% — [3 P of A 6s
LA Light 6s. — — (1909) 112%113
Do Etd 6s — (1010) 113%1U
Do Etd 5s. 104% — B P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 101% — (1909)Sr A.109% —
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr B.110 110%
Mkt-st C fs.l2G — (190«) 112%112%
Do lem 5s. 110% — (1912) 121%122%
N R of C 6s.lll% — 5P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 122% — c sntd 5s. 120 —
N Pac C Cs.108%109 ,Do stmpd.111%112
N Cal R GS.112& — 5P Br CaICs.138%140%
Oak Gas 5s. 115 — 5 V Wat 6s.lll 111%
Oak Trn Cs.122 — Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 5slll% — Do 4s3d m.101%102%
Oak W G 5s. — 103% Btkn Gas Cs.101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 76% Port Costa... 63% 66
Uarln Co 57 — jpring Val.. 91 01%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light... 4.1 — .;•-.
Eqt G L Co. 3% — Sac E G&RC 25 31
Mutual 3% 5 S F G & E.. 43% 44%
O G L & H. . — — S F G L Co. 5% —
Pac G Imp. 37 40 Stktn G & E S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.250 275 /
' . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 01 P L & A... 165 —
California ..422 — Mer Ex (liq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.117%118 S F Nationl.137% —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1975 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt ... — — Security Sav.305 350
Mutual Sav. 76 82% Union Trust. — 2200
S F Sav U.515 —
STREET RAILROADS. • '.
California ..165 — .Market .09 99%
Geary — 60 I Presidio .... — —
POWDER.
Giant 79% 80 Vlgorlt 3 4
SUGAR. •
Hana 3% 4% Kilauea 9% —
Hawaiian .. 37 Vi 40 Makawell .. 2ti 26%
Honokaa ... 12 12 Vi Onomea 2V 25
Hutchinson . 13% 13% Paauhau ... 12 12ft
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl62 164 Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 97 , — Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. — — Par Paint. . . 13 —
Oceanic S Co 36 37
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 79 "5 ;
40 Giant Powder Con 79 87}$
5 Market Street Railway 08 00 « •
5 Oakland Gas otiOO
10 Oceanic S S Co 35 75
5 Spring Valley Water 9O 37%
$2000 S P of Arizona (1909)... 112 75
$3000 S P Of Arizona (1910) ;113 75
$0000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds.. 108 50
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6 pr ct, cash.122 25
Street— ... , • '
15 Market Street Railway .'. 96 50
Afternoon Session. '-' ...
Board — ¦ . ., -v ..".-'.'
CO Cal Wine Assn .....100 00
25 Giant Powder Con 79 87%
105 Hutchinson S P Co 13 37%
10 Market Street Railway US 75
25 Market Street Railway .......... 0» CO
10 Market Street Railway .; .... 99 12%
5 Oakland Gas £,6 00
5 Spring Valley Water 90 50
10 Spring Valley Water ;.. 90 75
225 Spring Valley Water 91 CO
$5000 N P C R.R 5 per Cent bonds .. 10S 50
$100 Nor Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonda.lll 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
New York Grain and Produce.
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December — J000 ctls, 78%c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, 92%c*
2000. 92 %c.
OATS— The market has developed increased
firmness during the past day or two. A buyer
has been making inquiries for a possible large
line, and as he is in touch with the Govern
ment it is rumored that the latter is feeling of
the market with a view to possible purchases
in the near future. Nobody seems to j know
much about it, but in view of the light stocks
on the coast it - takes ¦ very little to make the
market very firm. Prices show an upward
tendency, and several descriptions show an ad
vance, as will be seen. " ¦
Grays,- $1 30@l 40"; whites,' $ITJO@14D; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22% for feed
and $122%@132% for seed; red, $130@142%
per ctl. • n
CORN— Is still dull at the old quotations.
Most of the offerings are too damp to please
buyers.
Large Yellow, $1 35@1 60; email round do
$1 35@1 50; white, $1 35#1 50 per ctl.
RYi: — Is stiff at 92%@!)7%c, and some deal
ers refuse to let go under $1, confident that the
market will get there within a few days. Stocks
are greatly reduced, as already mentioned, and
according to talk on 'Change the European de
mand is -not yet satisfied.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctK '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales. ¦
Second Session — May — 12,000 ctls, $1 12; C000
$111%. December— 2000, $108%.
Itegular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 20,000 ctls,
$1C9. ¦
BARLEY — Holders continue to advance their
asking prices, and the market rules firm. Of
ferings are very small here. • •
Feed, 93%@95c for No. 1 and 00@92%c for oft
grades; brewing and shipping grades, 07%c@
$1; Chevalier, U5c@?l 20 per ctl. . .
WHEAT— Dullness still prevails all over the
world. ¦:
Chicago was steady, but neglected. The Gov
ernment weather report showed a deficiency of
moisture everywhere, but the Cincinnati Price
Current says that there is sufficient moisture
with fair-looking crops everywhere except in
the extreme Southwest.
This market continued apathetic at a frac
tional decline. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 OS%@1 10; mill
ing, $1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— To-day's Treas
ury statement: Available cash balance, $177,-
C57.9C1; gold, $91,343,515.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 21 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 38.02
Red Bluff 0.54 26.06 22.05
Facramento 0.24 15.61 lfi.70
San Francisco 0.69 15.83 1S.04
Fresno 0.34 5.43 9.94
Independence 0.00 3.99 t 6.7«
Pan Luis Obispo 1.20 18.66 27.04
Los Angeles 0.42 8.73 13.<5«
Pan Diego 0.24 4.65 8.53
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
55: minimum. 43; mean. 49.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ?A -2S Kansas City 4B-3C
Cincinnati 40-3*, Omaha 48-38
Philadelphia 32 -26 \ Chicago 30-32
WaFhinpton . :. . .34-2<S jDuluth 38-23
Jacksonville 58-30 1 St. Louis 46-32
New York 34-2SlSalt Lake City... 50-32
SAN FRANCISCO,
March 6, 1902 — 5 p. m.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Mail advices from London state that salmon
continues in active inquiry at full prices. The
Largo Law has arrived with 67.543 cases, which
will to some extent relieve the wants of the
market. A large proportion cf the cargo, how
ever, has been sold at high limits and resold
In the country. Consumption continues pood
in epite of the severe weather and a steady
market is anticipated. Californian fruits are
neglected.
Fruits and Salmon in England
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — .54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43 jj,
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, March 6.— Money on call
steady at 2%f 3 per cent; "prime mercantile
paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling.' exchange
steady, with actual business in bankers' bill?
at $4 S7 for demand and at $4 84% for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 86@4 S8%; commercial
bills. $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver, 54%c. Mex
ican dollars, 43%c. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, firm. ¦
New York Money Market.
Foreign exports from this pert during t!:
first two months of the year were ?7,394.S5"
against $6.2.15,828 for the same time in 1!K)1
Hie leading destinations were as follows: Grea
Britain $2,791,930; China, (1.363.S70; Japan
$C72,I20; Atlantic ports, $102,570; Centra
America, $549,200.
Foreign Exports.
unchanged at 511 C0@12 50; No. 1 foundry,
northern, was quoted at $18 50® 19 50; No. 2
foundry, northern, " $18@19; ." No. " 1 foundry.
southern 1 $17 50@18; No. 1 foundry, southern, I
soft, $17 50@18. The Encllsh- iron markets '
were lower. Glasgow closed at 53s Ud and
Mtddlesboro at 47s 3d. . • .^
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500; steady. Good to prime -steers, $0 500
(5 90; poor to medium, $4@G 30;: stockers and
feeders, $2 25@5; cows, $1 23@5 25; heifers,
$2 50@5 50; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2 25
©4 85; calves, $2 50@(J CO; Texas fed steers,
$4 50@5 00. .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 05,000; . to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 3000. Opened slow; closed
strong. Mixed and butchers, $5 85@<S 35; good
to choice heavy, $0 25@0 40; rough heavy,
$5 00@U 15; light, $5 75@U; bulk of gales, $5 05
<g<3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Sheep and lambs,
slow and lower. Good to choice wethers, $4 «i5
@5 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 75@4 50; West
ern sheep, $4 30@(i; native lambs, $3 75©0 45;
Western lambs, $5 25@a CO. , •,-rj-;
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March 6.-^The cotton market
closed cteady with prices net 1 to 5 points
higher.
Northern Wheat Market. '
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 6.— Wheat — Steady but
inactive at C6c for Walla Walla; C7c for Bluc-
Etem; CCc for Valley.
The total shtpments of wheat (flour Included)
from this port for the week ending to-day
were 456, 580 bushels.
WASHINGTON. ' ~- :: r- ¦
TACOMA, March 6.— Wheat— Unchanged;
Bluestem, CCc; Club, C5c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 6.— Consols, 04 7-16; sil
ver, 25 3-1 Cd; French rentes, lOlf 50c; wheat
cargoes on passage, nominal and unchanged;
No. 1 standard California. 29s 3d; Walla Walla,
29s l%d. • -'
•LIVERPOOL, March- 6.— Wheat, • steady;
wheat and flour in Paris, holiday; weather In
England, cold and dry.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 27-32d.
_ ¦ • •
There was not much business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, and fluctua
tions were few. Market Street Railroad was
still higher at ?06 50@98, and Giant Powder
sold up to $79 S7%. The oil stocks were with
out feature. -'.-•:'''¦.
NEW YORK, March C— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was. lacking on the exchange to-day,
but the tone was cheerful, with South African
shares leading in the improved sentiment. The
better feeling was larsely due to the confer
ence of the three Boer generals, which started
a rumor that the War Office was in possession
of important news.' American stocks were idle
but firm until New York bid i up St. Paul
sharply on a rumor that the stock would be
put on a 7 per cent dividend basis next month.
Denver and Rio Grande was also' in demand
and the list closed at the top, with little do
ing, however. The money, market was pinched
on renewed bank loans and borrowed afresh.
The bank return shows that the bank has
been denuded to the extent of £2,750,000. Gold
to the amount of £800,000 has been received
from Australia.
London Market
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. . ; -'.'
Consols, money.94 3-l(i M K & T 25%
Do, account. ..94 7-10; Do prefd (5«%
Anaconda «%>N Y Central l(iti%
Atchison 77% Norfolk & West.. BS%
Do prefd 91) Do prefd 92%
Bait & Ohio 107% Ontario & West,. 33%
?£ n Pa , clflc 115% S Railway 33%
Ohesa & Ohio.... 4(1% Do prefd 07%
Chi & Gt West., 24% S Pacific 65%
C M & St Paul..l«7 U Pacific ....101%
Denv & R Gmde. 45% Do prefd 89%
Do prefd Ct% U S Steel '44
Erie S7$ Do pr efd....... 97%
Do 1st prefd... (!!)% Wabash 24%
Do 2d prefd.... r.fl Do prefd M%
Illinois Central.. .142% Spanish 4s Tii% .
Louis & Nash... .100%'
Bar silver, dull, 25%d per ounce. Money,
2%tfi2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 11-10 per cent. The rate of
discount in the open market for 3 months'
bills is 2% per cent.
.0
Provisions dragging, both here and in the East.
Hides, Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Canned Tomatoes weaker, with a big pack expected.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Local Poultry in more liberal receipt.
Market Street Railroad stock still advancing.
Increased foreign exports this year.
Another slight decline in Silver Exchange unchanged. ¦
Wheat dull and weak. Barley scarce and firm. '
Oats and Rye in improved demand and hardening. Corn dull.
Bran and Middlings lower. Hay steady and unchanged.
Beans still dependent upon river conditions.'
Alfalfa Seed firm at the recent advance.
Butter ic lower. Cheese weak. Eggs still in ovcrsupply.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
4.50c : Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), ;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, - 3.S3c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D,"
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 23c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
Ec per lb. No order taken for Ies3 than 75
barrels, or its equivalent.
CANNED TOMATOES — Are easier at 07 Vic
tf?U for 2%-lb standards, with a stock on the
coast estimated at 150,000 to 200,000 cases.
TJnuiual preparations are being: made to pack
this vegetable this year, and if they are cai
ried out the pack will be heavy.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 6.
Flour, qr ska... 13.492; Hops, bales....'. 107
Wheat, ctls 1,070; Middlings, eks.. 882
Barley, ctla l.lSO.Bran. sks 1,34."
Shcrts, sks 4S5)Onions. sks 1«
Beans, sks 300, Leather, rolls... 47
Corn, ctls . 625 Hides, No 174
Rye, ctls i~0 Pelts, bdls 117
Potatoes, aks... 659 Lime. bbls. ..... 501
Hay, tona 371 Wine, gala 20,500
Straw, tons B'Chlcory. bbls... 10
Wool, sks 02 'Quicksilver, flka CO
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks,.. 8161
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales l
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SUMMARY OF TH£ MARKETS
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE SAJN JbKAJS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago- Grain Market.
11
The pressure has risen rapidly along the
coact end conditions are favorable for tempo
rarily fair weather Friday over the larger por
tion cf the coast.
Light F.howers are reported over the entire
Pacific Sloi*. High southwest winds are re
ported in Nevada.
The river at Sacramento is 2o.4 and falling.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 7, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday with oc
casional showers in the morning in northern
l>ortlon; cooler; light southerly winds changing
to westerly. m
Southern California. — Fair _ Friday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; cooler; high south
erly winds diminishing. ,>•-'"•
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
during most of the day; cloudy at night; light
southerly winds changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
tchison pfd 2,400 'M% Qf.u 96%
alt & Ohio 10.(500 105^ 104% 104T&
alt & Ohio pfd.. 100 91% 04% »tV4
nnadian Pacific .. 900 112% 112% 112%
anada Southern 87%
hesap & Ohio ... 2,000 46% 40 46%
hi & Alton S00 36>4 38. 36
."hi & Alton pfd .. .200 75% 75%* 75%
Chi Ind & Louis.. 2,400 (53% 02*4 <V{'*>
Chi Ind & L pfd .... .... 78V.
Chi & E Illinois... 800 159V. 158 ' 15s«i
Chi & Great W... 2,100 24% 24>i 24%
Chi & G \V A pfd. 100 88 88 SS "
Chi & G W B pfd 45V.
Chi & N W s.SOO 233 227% 231 "
Chi R I & Pacific. 1,800 160% 164% 165
Chi Term & Tran. 200 17V* 17% 17
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 32 32 ' 32
C C C & St Louis.. 1.000 101 100% 101
Colo Southern ... 21,000 26% 25% 2«-i
Colo South 1st pfd. 4.800 71 70% 70%
Colo South 2d pfd. 17,700 4314 40% » 42%
Dela & Hudson .. 2,700 172% 171 ' 171
Dala Lack & W... 400 2S5% 234 282
Denver & Rio G. 2,000 44% 44 U%
Denver & R G pfd. 600 02 91% 91%
Erie '. 5.000 37% " 37^ 37%
Erie 1st pfd C00 CSVi 68 68
Erie 2d pfd 1,100 55Vi &4% , 55U
Great North pfd.. 100 184% 1SI% 183%
Hocking Valley .. 600 (53 67% 67%
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 84»,i SIVi 83%
Illinois Central ... 5,700 140% 139% 14O'-i
Iowa Central 10,200 50>i 49% 50
Iowa Central pfd.. 2.700 S3 82% 82V-
Lake Erie & W * .... 67 *
Lake E & W pfd 127
Louis & Nash 1,800 104 103% 104
Manhattan L 700 131 14 13*Vs 131%
Metropolitan S Ry. 1.700 10S 107% 167N,
Mexican Central .. 5.000 28% 27% 2S5,
Mexican National . 24,300 19% IS 19
Minn & St Louis..- 1.800 110V4 109% 109<£
Missouri Pacific . . 10,300 100 i»8% 99%
M K & Texas 600 25»i 25 25
M K & Texas pfd 51VI
N J Central 192
N Y Central 4.500 103% 102% 103»4
Norfolk & West... 4.200 5SVs 57 Vi 57%
Norfolk & W pfd.. .... 00
Ontario & West.. 900 33% 33 33 Vk
Pennsylvania 51,800 132 150% 151%
Reading 20,100 54% 53% 54i»
Reading 1st pfd ... 000 80% SO14 S0%
Reading 2d pfd ... 8,400 C6% 65% C0%
St Louis & S F... 1,200 61 00% 60%
St L & S F 1st pfd. 200 S3 ' > 83 S3%
St L & S F 24 pfd. 300 72% 72 72W
S-t Louis S W 500 24% 24% 24 ! >4
St Louis S TV pfd.. ;;00 57 56% 57
St Paul 41,000 165% 163% 164%
St Paul pfd 700 i:tl'4 193 190%
Southern Pacific .. 10,700 64% (A 6iy 4
Southern Railway . 1.S00 32% 32% . 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,900 05% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific .. 500 39% 39% 39%
Tol £t Louis & W. . J00 22% 22% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 800 40*4 39% 39%
Union Pacific 1.3.900 90% J)a '09V
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.800 87 86% 86%
WaV,ash . ... . . ._. 1,800 . 24V*; . -23% -24 : ¦
AVabashpfd 5,400 42% 42% 42%
Wheel & L Erie.,. 100 19% 19% is%
W & L E 2d pfd .... 21
Wisconsin Central.. 000 21 20% 20%
Wis Central pfd... 500 42% 42% 42%
Express Companies —
Adams " .... .... 195
American . •I'.V 230
United States .-. 115
Wells Fargo 193
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 22,400 09% 67% C9
Am Car & Foundry 21,700 31% 31% 31%
Am Car & F pfd.. 800 89% 89 89%
Am Linseed Oil 3,100 23 22 °"%
Am Linseed Oil Dfd 3.1)00 56% 56% 5G> .
Am Smelt & Ref . . 5.0O0 4<l4<i 4«H 46
Am S & Ref pfd.. 800 0S"% 98% 98%
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 32 V» 32% 32%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2,100 04 " 63% C2%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 24.S00 9S 97 97%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,400 220% 21S 220
Cont Tcb?.cco rifd 117
General Electroc... 4,800 302 298% 300
Glucose Sugar .... 44
Hocking Coal ifii£
In terna t nl Paper 20 Vi
Internatl Paper pfd 300 75% | 75% 75%
Internatnl Power 86
National Biscuit... 400 47% 47% 47%
National Lead 300 17 10% 16%
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd CO
North American... 200 93% 93 93
Pacific Coast 100 72 72 72
Pacific Mail OOO 4H% 4f, 4514
People's Gas 1.100 99% 89% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.S00 40% 39% 39%
Pressed S Car pfd. 000 S4V* 83% 83%
Tollman Pp.1 Car.. 1,700 240 234 239
Republic Start 200 10% i<j% ir,%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,800 72 71% 71%
Sugar. 20,000 12S% 127% 127%
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 17,800 70% OS^C 70%
Union Bar & P Co. 200 16 10 15V.
Union U&P Co pfd .'. 29
U S Leather 2,400 11% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd .... 87%
U S Rubber 100 10V t 16% 15%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 CG% 50 56
U S Steel.. R.900 43% 42% 43%
U S Steel pM 7,100 94% 94% 94%
Western Union 400 90% 90% 90%
Am Locomotive ... 15,200 32% 32 32%
Am Locomotive pfd 200 02% 92% 02%
Total sales 577,100 shares.
'. V;: NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg... 109 L & N Uni 4s.... 101%
Do ref 2s coup. 10!) % Mex Central 4s... 82%
Do 3s reg 109% Do 1st inc 31%
Do 3s coup 109% Minn & St L 4s..lC2%
Do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T Is 100
Do new 4s coup. 139% Do 2ds. S3
Do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Cent lsts. ..103%
Do old 4s coup.. 112% Do gen 3%s 108
Do 5s reg 106% X J Cent gen 5s.. 137%
Do 5s coup 100% Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 104% I Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104% Reading Gen 4s.. 99%
Do SV>s 96% S L & I M con 5s.ll8%
Do cdnv 4s 100'/* S L & S F 4s 9S%
Canada Sou 2ds..lO7% St L C\V lsts 9S%
Cent of Ga 5s... 110% Do 2ds.... 79%
Do 1st inc 78% S A & A Pass 4s. 91
Ches & O 4%s 108 Southern Pac 4s. . 94%
Chic & Alt 3%f.. 84 Southern Ry Cs...l21%
CB4Q new 4s.. 95% Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
C M & S P gen 4s.ll3% Tol St L & W 4s. 84%
C & NW con 7s..l3S% Union Pac 4s 106
C R I & Pac 4s. .111 Do conv 4b 100 •
CCC&St L gen 48.104 Wabatth lsts 118%
Chic Ter 4s 87 Do 2ds Ill
Colo & Sou 4s S-tii Do deb B 83%
D & R G 4s 103 West Shore 4s 113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% Wh & L E 4s 91%
Do Gen 4b 87% : Wis Cent 4s 89%
F W& D C lets. . .113%|Con Tob 4b 65%
Hock Val 4%s 109 .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...:.-. 45 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
I Breece Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con.... Ofi Phoenix CO
Comstock Tunnel. . 05 PotosI OS
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage 06
.Deadwood Terra... 00 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 35
Leadvllle Con 071
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do pfd... 04%
Call loans 3%©1 Minimr—
Time ioans 4@4% Adventure 22
Bonds — Allouez 4^4
Atchison 4s .102 Amalgamated 69
Gas Jsts 8:5% Baltic 47^4
Mex Cent 4s SI BIngham 24%
N E G & Coke.. 56% Calumet & Hecla.000
Railroads — Copper Range ... 71
Atchison 73% Dom Coal ..102%
Do pfd 9C% Franklin 13%
Boston & Albany. 2C5 Isle Royale 20%
Boston & Maine.. 192% Mohawk'..... 37%
Boston Elevated.. 164% Old Dominion 22%
NY N H & H 214% Osceola ..... 72
Fltchburg pfd ...147 Parrot 32
Union Pacific 99% Quincy ..128
Mex Central 27% Santa Fe Copper. 314
Miscellaneous — Tamarack 208
Am Sujrar 128 Trimountain 100
Do pfd..». 112% Trinity 17
Am Tel & Tel... 159% United States .„ 17%
Dom I & Steel... .'»% Utah .V. 23%
Maf s Electric ... 36^, Victoria *. 5%
N E G & Coke... 5 Winona 1%
United Fruit .... 82 Wolverine 54
US Steel ........ 43 '
In the afternoon Market Street Railroad con
tinued to point upward toward the three-figure
mark, selling at $98 75<g99 12%. Spring Valley
Water was also higher at $00 50@91.
¦ Stocks ex-dividend were Imperial Oil. 2oc, or
$20,000; Thirty-three Oil, 10c. or $10,000.
The monthly report of the Alaska-Tread well
Mining Company for February 15 shows 35,667
tons ore crushed, valued at $36,279. and saved
815 tons sulphurets. of a value of $32,267. GrO3s
yield for the month was $78,617, the ore aver
aging $2 20. The working expenses were $61,
138.
At the twenty-ninth annual meeting of the
directors of the Anglo-Californian Bank at Lon
don, ' March 4, the statement of accounts for
the year 1901 made the ¦ following ¦ showing :
After making- full provision. for. bad and doubt
ful'debts and allowing for all charges at San
Francisco and London, there remains .£40,501
as the net profit for the year. " Adding to this
£11.134, brought forward from last year, the
sum of £51,t;35 is available for appropriation.
An interim dividend of 6 shillings per share was
paid in September last and the directors now
propose to pay a further dividend of 6 shillings
per share, making -6 per cent per annum, free
of income tax; to place £25,000 to reserve fund,
making it £135,000, and to carry forward
£8653 to profit and loss new account. The
transaction for the extinction of the 600 de
ferred shares has been completed and j these
shares have ceased to exist.
£* £t> 5^
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FINEST
WORK, CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSEd
ever brought to this market, weights from
1150 to 1500. all sound ana broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.THE SAIS T FRAKCISCO; CALL, ' FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
12
j EMPLOYMENT- OFFICES — Continued
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. . 315 Stockton; Main 51S3:
JAPANESE Intelligence Office—Furnish most
reliable help. 521 Bush St.; tel. 51t>. .
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT/ ."WANTED-— FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wishes work at general house-
work and. assist with cooking for $17 to $20
per month. Please , call at. 321 Minna st.,
from-1 to 5. \ . - ¦ ¦. ¦
A ; RESPECTABLE woman as nurse, by the
week or month; would care for invalid; good
reference. Call before S p. m.. 832 Geary st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as cook:
willing to assist with washing; references. 5
Ewing place, bet. Pc»t & Sutter, off Laguna.
A RELIABLE lady would I like position as
housekeeper for widower's family; no small
children; no trifiers. feox 4411, Call.
RELIABLE American woman wants position
as housekeeper or infant's nurse; reference.
Box 4412, Call.
i GERMAN woman wishes position ! to assist
] with general housework; can do some cook-
! ing; wages reasonable. Apply at 22 Page.
j WOMAN wants work • by the day, washing.
! Ironing, housecleanlng; $1 and car fare. 512
j Howard st. . ¦ .
j A GERMAN woman wishes situation to do
i gentile work or keen house; a good plain
cook; city or country; «15 mo. Box 3708, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress wants posi-
tion In hotel 'or flrst-class restaurant; sleep
j at home. Address 133 Seventh St.
[ WOMAN wants few hours' work a day; house-
work, cooking, etc. Box 3723, Call.
i POSITION to do second work or assist around
j house. Apply at 22 Page st.
I WINCHESTER House 44~Thlrd st., near Mar-
! ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
i to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
i bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
[ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100(1
Valencia st.
i EMPLOYM EXT WANTED MAZE.
[ YOUNG Danish"" man and wife without chil-
dren want situations; man has good refer-
ences for taking care of horses and for gar-
den work, nnd wife as chambermaid. -Box
3742. Call offlce.
BY. sober, reliable married man, driving or
. work in private barn;- know the city and anj
a horseman; good on furniture. Box 4127,
j Call office.
INTELLIGENT man, 34, wants/ position as va-
let, attendant to ! sick gentfeman nr house
steward on large place; exceptional refer-
ences. Address Position, 26 Seventh St., S. F.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man In pri-
j vate family to care for horse," cow, garden,
I chickens, etc. ; can furnish best references.
I Address P. C, box 3733, Call offlce.
I BOOKKEEPING or traveling; good experience
\ and references; age 21; state salary. Box
| 3732. Call offlce. V
j SOBER Swedish man of 28 wants work about
place; care of horses, cows and raise poultry.
I Box 4110, Gall office^ ¦
| GARDENER, first-class, wants position; ref-
¦ erences. Box 4100. Call office. [¦ * ¦ '
i EXPERIENCED German gardener wishes per-
| manent situation. Address 1329 Jessie st.
I FIRST-CLASS machinist and erecting en-
j glneer wants position. Box ."734. Call offlce.
BY good, steady boy, ased 15. living with
parents, a position In •wholesale house -where
there is chance for advancement. Address
I box 3712, Call office.
I YOUNG man. 25, of good appearance. , with
i best city references, wishes steady position;
fair wage?; strong, willing and obliging.
Address E. SCHNEIDER, 115 Gough fct^
DIAMOND driller Wants position: expert on
| Canadian and hydraulic borings; many
i years' experience in different formations;
I speaks Spanish; best ref. Box 3779. Call.
j COACHMAN and gardener: English; thorough.
I practical; references; at liberty March 8.
: Box S971. Call of flee.
A FIRST-CLASS tool dresser wants a Job.
Address M. S.. C3t Commercial St.
MARINE and stationary engineer wants posi-
tion; first-class references. Box 400S, Call.
JAPANESE bey wants position; good cook and
! general houseworker; $6 or ?7 week. Box.
j 4107. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. ¦-¦ ¦¦¦¦-'.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
~ FINANCIAL. "
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
I placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
! porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
j or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted: Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
| us. Pac. States Mining fc Invest. Co.,326Post.
l,'l7ATS~TO LJ5T.7
JONES " llll7~nrTcallfornia — Sunny lower flat
j of 4 large rooms, bath, nice yard; adults; $20.
I A MODERN flat. 8 large sunny rooms and at-
I tic; rent $42 50. 1002 Page st.
I FLAT, 5 rooms. $11: cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
Key ( ; 23 Second st. '" '
TO let — G-room modern flat; larsre stable; ?20.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
TO LET— Rear -flat, 4 rooms. Inquire 41S
| Hyde st.
FLATS WANTED.
A NICELY furnished flat, not too far out;
state price and particulr.rs. Box 3700, Call.
FLATS FOR SALE. ¦
1 .
3 FLATS for sale; 6 and 7 rooms; also cottage
of 5 rcoms. Inquire 232 Pierce st.; no agents.
FURNITURE FOR _£ A Jj E J
7 RO^MS^mTTished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-im Market.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat for sale; almost
new; rent $12. 522A Natoma gt.
C ROOMS, furnished,, corner, all rented; also 2
good bicycles, a bargain. S74 Howard st.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13P4.
:.. < GLOVES^
D. & F. BLACK suede glove.; best In the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
- HELP WANTED^ — FEMALE.
MRS. M. E DAY "&"^~rr??Pho7Je^Maliri5?5
..;. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, north, $22 50, fare paid; 2. wait-
resses, south, $20, fare paid; 8 waitresses,
different country • hotels, $20-$25, fare paid;
12 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant
¦waitresses, $7 week; 3 chambermaids to wait.
$20; pantry woman. Institution, $25, sleep
.'.° m ?'. . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, near city, $30; houseglrl. 3 In family,
no wash, short distance, $30;. cooks and
houseglrls, city and country.
MRS. M. E.DAY & CO 33j Geary st.
WANTED— 4 cooks, with and without washing.
» $30: 2 pantry girls, $20, $25; 2 cashiers, $7
week and. $25 month; errand girl for milli-
nery store. $5 per week; cook for men, $J0;
20 housework girls, small families, $20; I
second girls, $20, $25; 8 chambermaids, wait
one meal. $20; head waitress, $25, city; 4
restaurant waitresses, $0, $7 week; all kinds
of housework, city and country. Apply to
J. F. CP.OBETT &'CO., 334 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurse and seamstress $25
Nurse, 1 child "..'... i»" ..... $25
Laundress and chambermaid • $-K
German or Swedish cook. $35
Second girl , '...$25
GH-1* for housework $2.* and $20
.. LEON ANDRE,^316 Stockton st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework In a small family; must be first-
class and nblft to furnish local references; no
others need apply. Room 313, Call bldg.
SUIT and cloak' saleslady of experience can
procure a good, steady position by address-
Ing L. H. CO., box 3722, Call offlce. .
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; bright young
girl; paid while learning. Apply room 10,
131 Post st. '
WANTED—-Glrl .for general housework; small
. family;- wages. $20. Call at 2515 Broadway/
near Scott, after 10 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced tailoress on fine coats.
020. Kearny. st:, room 7. .
WANTED — Pants finisher; only flrst-class need
apply. 1000 Harrison St.. corner Sixth.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses; also- girls
willing to learn waiting; no fee. , 127 Mason.
WANTED— Ari experienced, waitress, $25.
Hotel Mlramar. 703 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for waiting and chamber work.
. 662 Fulton st. ..
WANTED — Girl ¦ for •. general housework; car
fare refunded. ; 'JT!OO t Masonic ave. ¦ , '
WAITRESS': wanted at S\,°. .w«ornv - st. ; newiy
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MfLLER, world 7 ! famous materiallz-
•inij medium; spirits Epeak fare to face: seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., S p.-m.; 50c. lCSi Bush st.
MRS. J. ,T. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. llftl O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Friday eve., 325 Ellis st. ; 50 cents.
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-night, 605
McAllister St.; 25c; come, skeptics.
I ABB1E HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Sun.
eve., ](Jc: readings, 50c. $1. 132 Sixth.
HOLTMAN, Wrenn: N test circles every Sun.,
AVed.. Fri., 10c; readings daily. 1382 Market.
EDWARD F.ARLE, 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thur3.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tegt to all to-night; 10c.
'ci,AiRvojfAvi's. ;..'"'•. -"-
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Et., next Examiner blug.
She reads youj- life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you ere in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not f-tt'sfled in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 2.^0
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4503.
TIME EXTENDED.
i.'5c — 2. r »c.
PROF. BROCKWAY. PROF. BROCKWAY.
Scientific and Expert -Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
interest manifested in each individual case,
sound advice and counsel are not equaled in this
city at any figure. 1052 Ellis st., bet. Frank-
lin and Gough. '
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rcoms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with rpeclal terms. Dally and Sunday.
IEMAR, the Egyptian -Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
' ques. ; full names: 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice;- names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader: past,
present, future; L. 25c. G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
MRS. JACQUE, trance, sittings; palmistry &
card reading; 25c & 00c. 3C9 Cth St., r. 12.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, Egyptian clairvoyant;
accepts engage, priv. parties. lOOS 1^ Market.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth et. '
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific card
reader. 132 Sixth st., office 2.
SOc, $1 — Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader;mail orders;stamp for clrc. 1007^ Mkt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 016 Market st.; advice free. Tel. Bush
j 104; ab'.e body cf attorneys.
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. KING.
attorney. Examiner building, Cth floor.
GKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
C,APE XOME.
j FOR 'freight and passage to Cape Nome and
! Yukon River point?. Call or write C.\F.
| MOORE. !).'.r> Market St.. room 0.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. H1GGINS, U27 Market St., Emma
SorecltPls bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure sold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold and' porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, ?5 up.
Painless extraction. •
, I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painieas method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bids:.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions -free, $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 0 p. m. : Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk Ft:, cor. Mason,—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;-
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns. $D 50: filllnjjs, fiOc-;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chlcngo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. ?2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
r-ARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns. $3; fillings. SOc.
MEYER, 4fi -OTarrclI. ¦ late of G Turk St. ;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plat". DR. .II. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. '
DR.R. L.WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates ?.*i up; phone Polk 11.15.
imESSMAKEItS Ai\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking ; fits guaranteed;
f8 up. 7C9 McAllister st.
DOG HOSPITALS. „_„
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog~soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 GoMen Gate ave. <
•# EDl^A^mXAI^^ ~~~
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping; arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers:-
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
S..F. BUS. COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.— B?g
school because it's- best. Our Gregg short-'
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home rree to students.
Nine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— Th» LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their frlrnds to attend theG \LLAGHElt-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? ' Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet Schocl,
associated with theatrical agency pecurlng pn-
sltfons. Alcazar building, J20 O'Farrell at.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vcy, array, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
der Nnlllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beglnnem nnd college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Purrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; moat thorough
. modern methods; posltlonu for nil graduates;
new 00-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin tt
BPANISH.Frrnch.etc.Prof.De FIllppe'sAcadrmy
of Languagew.320 Pof.tjf stab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, jrultar mandolin, banjo taught Tn
clasp. |1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone Plnq i.'JX
MARY P. WE3THAUH. piano, mandolin, guTtar
lesson*. f.Oc; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlnar,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr, Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. O. BARRETT, J!02 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. "MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Buslnera College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $ii mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY anj
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 124 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1SCT; new KO-page catalogue free.
EMPLO YMEJJT ' OFFICES.
'A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, ~cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo
Klnoghlta, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; teLFell 850i'.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411V^ O'Farrell Bt ; tel. East 4£(J.
CHINESE 9iicl Japanese help; estab. 20 yeats
Tel. Muln 1907. .-, BRADLEY- & CO., (MOClay!
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert., reliable help. :
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post, GEO. AOKl; lei. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domettic," farming and house-
cleaning. 52S Stevenson; phone Howard 2J0t
MINES AXD MIXIXG.
THE grandest chance ever offered is now oBOTi
iOr a good party to act as director In cpew*
<ng the "Wabash Mine." near Amador. on
mother lode, near K>>s'.cne mine. l:ocm 4CU,
annex to Call. S. F.
MONTEZUMA stock— Have 1000 "shares for
_sale. Box 41CS. Call office.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, Kxarr.lr.cr b'g. sT
F. : branch officf. Nome. Alaska. s,e2scn 11>6-J.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALfi] T
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. JIjIX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. I"o-197 Fremont st.
1 SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers. enr.'T^
pumps, dynamos, motors, gasoline engines,
water pipe, etc., borght. sold, rented and ex-
changed. H s. Yv'HITE. 1S0-13S Eeate st.
¦A- — BUYS. !=el!a or rents sear, machinery. e:i-
gines, bailors, water pipes, s'r.aftinsr, poUnrs;
etc. WHITELAW. 233-235 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; irunaMrnfiitsr. billiard
and pool tables; ea.<y ternw or rented. T!r»
P.runywicK-nalkc-CulienQer Co.. tr.2 Mission.
FOR sale — First rrize Gordon setter, used to
gun. $15; Gordon rup, :J1(): spaniel u*ra to
gun. $10; j span'el pupa, §7 eai-h. 5^-S Post.
A— S.{ 50 DERBY and F-jdora hr.:a. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 530 Ke;irny st.. near Pine.
FiNE suits. $10; ilress rani?. $u 15, MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. «7 Montgomery at.
NO. I cabinetmaker's bench for s.ile. Box
S7C.'». Call.
13x19 Gordon. S125; we buy. sell or tracle~in
printing materials. HOAG. 151 Secoml st.
FOR sale — Good minins property in Nome,
Alaska, on good terma. 13-ix ::724. Call offire.
CANDY and ice cream parlcr; must be sold at
once. Call Cll Larkin st.
BOATS, launches, rrmboau carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices en second-honr* typewriters tall
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont'gy.
$3 — SINGER sewlr.s machine in good order.
1571 Market st., near Twelfth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Td-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BItECK. 131 Post st.
Wall paper 3c, worth 10c; paperhanging. palr.t-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home and Domestic sewinst machine;
good order; complete; ch^ap. 1015 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 306 Mission st. *
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacraaesta st.
ailSCELLAyEOUS AVANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywher*
within 25 miles of city. Box 327*?, Call offlce.
BIG price: pp.ld for sealskin coats; also gsnts'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlce, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 4S4.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good3. 154. 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A — HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examluer~id«
$4.50O,C0O at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates
- Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies: Estates in Piobate:
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPKY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at H\i and C per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. lied 3034. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker blrf-^.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bousht: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; O per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates tn pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1(5,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce, 103 Grant ave., near
- Geary st. ; phone Red 1G03.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewslry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Store 8-tfJ
Market st. ; tel. Main lfffi. Branch If) Thirl.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. OUMSBY,
26 Montgomery St.. room 1, opp. Lick Hou?e.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bid?.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3S Geary St.. room S3.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates: confldea-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvata
party no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop Day-
lng rent. MURDOCH. 514 Pine at.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$10C0; any security. 802 Montgomery St.. r. L
?10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; prlvat*
' party. St. Ann'a bldg.. 6 Ed3y, rm. 71 4th fir.
Money loaned salaried people without security
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California,
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORJtELL. 609 Examiner bid*.
3% ON furniture and piano* ; fl5 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no remova'*
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. '
IF you want a home I will loan you money ts '
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Eaaaome «? (
LOANi money on salary; no Jadorser- Eastern
plan. w Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bid*.
WE ar« offering the best lnducementa Imagin-
able on new pianos; having made a change
In some of our agencies the stock on hand of
the old lines will be marked right down to
bedrock, so as to close them out quickly
there are only a few— about a dozen— so theri
must be no delay it you are to have one o{
them; we are agents for Decker, Wlssner,
Baumelster and Stoddard; all cf them thi
A jgSSKSE. a^ffereTM; wa^p*?-
fh»r t£. ES UPOD f tanos - B'ease bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
lt?P°££tZ XCI ? U ?l M7 flDe ptanos »nd W-
cor *?££¦ CL £^ & C0 " Stsinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.- Broa.1-
way andJThirteenth sts.. Oakland
A n^;o^ al 1 S K° n acco «nt of removal. All
I™ . ¦?"," be » tor « >d . rented cr sold on ac-
SSfnA dam 2*' a "3- New pianos, (as up:
Mcond-hand. $25 u P: *tanH. ar d makes. $1-5
ur. Pc sure and Investigate this pnl *a:»
before purchasing HEINE PIANO CO..
_Gj^y^t^ oj^._U_n!on Square. " .,*/. ¦'. , .
ATTENTION. BAROADr-HUXTERS^
becond-hand upright pianos from 97,3 up.
hecond-hanrt Ktiuare p!ano» from $r>O up
fceoona-nand errnns from. $25 up: no.vr tiprlgh*
feON if, to 20 OTurre!!. Chl'Serlns. lta*on, <
& Ilamlln, Vo»e. Sterling pianos. J
¦ ArN Tvr lano " oM by ua tafcen back any time*-
wunin 2 years an<l full purchase prlc* al-
lowed on a n«w pc«rl.-e»i Knabe. at ro;.-ular
price; costs you only S0o a d.ty to buy a
Piano from u». KOIII.nrj & CitASE :;o
O'Farrell st. ; establl»he<l i860.
SOHMEP. & CO-, plircs: DyronTtauzy r'am*;
Le»ter pianos; Splotmann plan**; *>;:H.iu
p'-rfect piano player; pip« organs. r.a*~ :;:<y
__£12 Pest xt.
SMALL urrtjeht. J.T3; large cabinet irrnivi up-
rlght. $150: square' pianos :|33 up- A Vt
Cameron, walnut ra3o. almost n»n- $27*.
Bowers & Son. 23 Cth st.. Ivers & Pcnrl <-!t - .j.
"WE offer. for one week 12 beaut lfuT~nUiin«" it
bargain prices ?*om $S5 tip. F V" SPFV-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and' Powell j; <•
OUR pianos, the leading makers; pri?» ffno ht>-
warrl: valur* biMt In the c'.tv PIERCE' 1 ?
PIANP,FACTORY. Market, tttn and [ Civrch.
A FINE lot of artistic p!ano«: no-v on ilis^lav
at thp new munlc store of Th«- vVilpy R Vil-n
Co., 031 Market it. '
AT auction prices. 37 Piarios~this~^»ek .1!rr
cheap: new ami «<>cond-?:anfl for sto-a-e ar-l
advances. V. ILSCvVS Storasr*. 1710 JtirU-t.
PARTY sacrifices account d.-nth rn fa^llv,
large new.-t-pMal upright piano. 7>22 Ei !y.
STOCK of pianos turrert over" f o~rne~ "t o "b»~o f -
fered at sacriflcc^-JIA^tlLTON. V Flood b!?.
BARGAIN. gr«at s-ir- r mc7r2~upr7iFM"r<'Tr!7
new-. JOS. SCHMITZ ft CO.. If. McAllbt-r.
AT KSEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. mmrSUvic^
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stsinrvay barsalnt.
vi °»™. zithers. oM and new.
MLLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham *:»<¦-
.HELP WANTED- — FEMALE— Con.
GOOD-PAYING proposition for right woman
~ who can sell goods to go to Arkansas ; some
money required. Box 4105, Call office. '
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House,
'825 Battery st. ' • -.
WAITRESS wanted. 657 Clay St. '
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
of making- overalls free of charge: will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32 M- Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Immediately, 3 ambitious girls to
learn halrdressing from A" to Z in 2 weeks
and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50. per month: course $5. Col-
lege, 233 Gapry st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
waists and underwear: steady work; good
pay; electric power. •> MARKS BROS., 1212
Market Et.,.
BUTTON-HOLE maker: steady work at best
wages; must be first class. • BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st.
WANTED — Good button-hole finisher on cus-
tom coats; also apprentice. 927 Market St.,
room 623. '
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleslady.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE. BROS.'
EXPERIENCED vest operator. Apply at fac-
tory S. N. WOOD, 27 Geary st.
WANTED — A competent girl for chamber
work, waiting and sewing in a small family;
references. Apply at 1910 Washington. 12 to 2.
WHOLESOME, intelligent lady over 25,. of
good character nnd standing, for high-grade
position. Box 3725, Call.
FINISHERS on pants; apprentices paid while
learning. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED wire hat frame makers. TOP-
LITZ & CO.. 549 Market St.
A NEAT young girl for second work and sew-
lng. 1180 O'Farrell st. .
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion;
salary $30 ( Box 2094, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP. WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & -CO.'S.... loTGearyet. 1
....New Railroad Work Free Fare....
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
Wanted — 100 tunnel men, header and corner
men, drillers and muckers S2 to $3 day
. . . Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare . . .
Blacksmith for railroad cantp in Nevada, j
$2 75 to $3 a day Free Fare !
Foreman for stable .$75 :
Gardener for an Institution, country $25
Farmers, choremen and others
Man to take up and relay carpets and assist
porters, country hotel, $2 a day, fare paid..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Garde mange (cold meat man), country hotel,.
?iO to $80; broiler, restaurant, $70; oyster
cook, restaurant, .545; cook, private board-
ing-house, §40; waiter, hotel, $32 50; butler,
private family. $40
. C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
CO laborers for Nevada $2 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Blacksmith for a ranch.... $50 and found
Farmer and wife, easy. job, near city
2 miners, $U7 50; Catholic choreman, institu-
tion, $25 and found; 3 dairymen; cheese-
maker, Oregon; boltmaker, $3 50 day; sten-
ographer and typewriter: 2 milk wagon
drivers; farmer and wife, $40; 150 woodchop-
pers and tlemakers, SOc to $2 per cord, tiea
10c each, cheap fares; timekeeper, large
lumber company -,.
Cook, plain- country hotel, $45 and found;
cook, hotel, mining town. $50 and. found-
chef cook, country hotel. $50 and found; 7
cooks, other country places: cook, country
hotel $1 70 fare, $50 and found; shop
butcher and drive wagon, young man, $12
week; 5 waiters, ?35, $30 and $8 week and
found; bartender, $50; laundryman, kitchen
help, etc %
MURRAY & READY . .«34-63o" Clay ' it!
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCy!
03 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
10 redwood tie makers ioc to 16c each
10 redwood post -makers 2%c each
4 pavlngr block makers, stone $19 per 1000
2 milkers city $35 per month
C pruners for vineyard $1 per day
Man and wife, man bridge carpenter, wife to
board a few men, house rent free
3 bridge carpenters $;{ per'day
.1 carpenter helpers "...$2 per day
Man and wife, man for section foreman wife
to board a few men; foreman, $2 3D per day
Circular saw filer $90 per month
Crosscut saw filer and general man......
-••• $35 per month
Man in pond on log haul.... . .$60 per month
Head trimmer, sugar pine . . . .$G0 per month
Man to grade from trimmer $60 per month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY 59 Third st.
COACHMAN, $30 and found; boy for private
family, $15 and found; 3 milkers $30,- fare
advanced; trimmer for mill, $60; lumber
sorter, ?G0; assistant gardener, $25 and
found; 2 milk wagon drivers, $50 and $55; 3
choremen. $15 and found; 2 vineyardists. $1
day and board, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 028 Sacramento St.-
STEWARD, country hospital. $30 and found;
j broiler, $70; hotel cook, $50; boarding-house
waiter and bedmaker, $25 and found; hotel
porter. $25 and found, and others; cook and
wife, $60. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. ~~
2 coal miners, fare advanced. .$2 75 a day
Blacksmith for ranch.. $40 and board
Gardener, private place $40 and found
10 railroad laborers for sawmill company..
$26 and board
Milker for south $30
2 woodchoppers. tools and grub advanced.
San Mateo County $1 40 a cord
Choreboy or man for ranch $15
Molder, sash weights, piece work..
ANDRE'S Offlce, 316 Stockton st. — Second cook
for cafe. $60; Rood broiler, $70; broiler, small
place, $40; waiter for hotel, city, $30; waiter,
$45; dishwasher, $25: assistant gardener, $30
and found; butler, $35; butler for country,
$35 to $40, eee party here.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12."
Head waiter, $55.
A— $200; PARTNER wanted; light indoor busi-
ness, suited to plain, steady man, . satisfied
with $75 to $100 month:- For particulars see
STRAND & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
LACES and dress trimmings; a good position
for an experienced salesman in a 6 o'clock
house. A-Jdresa M. N. & CO., box 3718,
Call; state experience.
WANTED — Bookkeeper, experienced and com-
petent, to take charge, of office and largo
force of assistants; give experience, refer-
ence and wages expected. Box 4743, Call.
SALESMAN;- special opportunity to take or-
ders In country towns; traveling expenses
paid; salary or commission. Call 9 Leaven-
worth at.
WANTED — Strong. ,acttve, intelligent boy!
about 17 years of age, for work In wholesale
house. Address box 4104, Call offlce.
MAN who understands milking to work In
country. Girls' Directory, Central ave. and
Waller st.
WANTED— Steady man with $125 caah; no ex-
perlcnco required; permanent place; will pay
$(!5 per month. Apply 1016 Market, room 10.
BARBER shop for Bale; established 8 yearo;
averaged $120 to »13O per month. 1035
Guerrero it.
BARBERS' revolving chairs; several Kokens <fc
£?#} %„ c i ) ' umbla ' 'lightly used, cheap.
8TOLTZ. 723 Market st. . , '
BARBER for Saturday; guarantee $3 BO. Elite
shop, 761' Howard st.
GOOD enrrlncre body maker; alio good black*
¦smith's finisher. 828 Harrison it.
WANTED— Flrst-class ladles' tailor, $25 a
week, P. VKRDIER, 054 Geary st. T
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at Powell and
' Beach sts. . • '
A LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
A GOOD tailor for bushel Ing. ¦ 827 Sutter St.,
near Leavenworth.. .
PAINTER wanted at 347^ Fourth st ; call
ea»-ly. ,
WANTED — Experienced waiter at 211 Grant
avenue. t
WANTED — Good strong young man or boy.
Call corner Page. and Devisadero sts., early.
GOOD barber wanted for 10c shop on commls-
sion. 803 Kearny st.
MAN with references to care for 4 horses and
a row. Apply, at 1502 Kentucky st.
DTSHW r ASHER wanted at 108 Hayes st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Tenth st. .
WANTED — Man with $150 and his services in
office; steady position. Box 3341, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE boy about 15 years of age to
learn blacksmith trade. Box 371C, Call. ¦
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply box -3703, Call offlce.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
joseph~st1rai:b7 . ':)¦
S50 Market st, corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Aeer.t. £
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. .- . .
Loar.a Negotiated.
,
Legitimate Business
Agent.
| A— Delicatessen store and lunchroom; a very
eood stand on enc of our principal business
, Etreets; 3 living rooms; rent $14; price $u00.
| A — Grocery, bar and cigar stand; good corner
on Geary st.. near Kearny; long lease; rent
flO; price $2j00.
A — Bar and grillroom; near Market 6t. ; average
receipts $."9; large basement suitable .for
bowling alleys; rent $So.
| A — Half interest in a pood paying grocery and
! bar: call and Investigate.
I NOTrCK TO SELLERS— We have cash buyers
; for all kinds of business that will stand ln-
| vestigntion. P. S. de LUCA & CO., 318
I Kearny st.. room JL|
j NGTlci2~To"BUYERS— It. will pay you to call
on us before buying elsewhere. P. S. de
LCCA & CO., 31S Kearny st.. room 1.
I $5<X> — PARTNER wanted in carpenter shop
j completely fitted un with modsrn machinery;
5<:-esent owner Is a thoroughly practical man,
both as a mechanic and contractor; desires
I partner to do plain office work and collect-
I inp. Apply P. S. DE LUCA & CO., 31S
i Kearny St., room 1.
$:{.%() — PARTNER wanted In well-paying res-
'¦ taurart to attend cash counter and look
' nftor help: No. 1 chance; trial allowed par-
i ties meaning business. Apply P. S. DE
I LUCA & CO., S18 Kearny st.
j A— SALOON on Third st., close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third st.
j A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market et. t fine-
ly fitted ud: dolns: fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROLFS CO.. 41 3d.
| A — BAI-IERY with 11 rooms attached; present
i ov.-ner been there 16 years: all utensils for
baking; $1250. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third 8t.
A — WHOLESALE and retail liquor store on 3d
St.; stock will Invoice $2500; cheapest rent on
Mreet; want partner. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
GOOD INVESTMENT!
I A manufacturing company which owns the
j most valuable Invention ever patented, con-
j sisting of. a heating apparatus whereby gas Is
; generated for fuel of t>5 per cent of compressed
i air and with 15 per cent of crude oil, which .
I makes fuel 50 per cent cheaper than any other
• heat known for boilers, stoves, ranges, smelt-
i ing furnaces and thawing machines for Alaska,
i We offer 15,000 shares, $10 par value, fully
j paid up. non-assessable, for ?2 50 per share for
! sale. We have a large factory' in Hoboken, N.
j J., in operation and will also have one factory-
soon fn San Francisco for the Pacific Coast.
Please address for information or shares In lots
of 10 THE ARCTIC RAPID HEATING AND
THAWING COMPANY. ROOMS 450-451 PAK-
' ROTT BUILDING. SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
I . ' /
| A — MUST sacrifice busy cigar stand netting me
SloO every month, account ill health; been
' hpre 32 years; invoice ?tock; investigate ful-
I ly; $25 rent. See HEDGES, 4C1 Parrott bldg.
j A — fi CIGAR stands; prices $75 to ?1500;
profits $2 to $S daily; rents §G to $125 month.
i can cell you a flrst-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 401-462 Parrott building.
j A — MFG. business netting $13,OW annually wiil
j be sold at a ridiculously low figure; owner
i compelled to move Kast account larger ln-
i terests. Any one wishing Al business eee my
; agent. C. L. HEDGES. 461-402 Parrott bldg.
I CHANCE for young druggist or phs'slclan:
i drug store in mining town, Nevada; for casl:
¦ or exchange for city drug store or paying
; property. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market s.t.
LOOK out laundrymen! Steam laundry; part
for sa!e; good chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
7C5 Market st.; phone Red :H'-i3.
i *175 — CIGAR store, in good condition, 11:-
i BKIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
| A — ¥300; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
i young man satls-fied with SIS to $2~> a week;
j no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 GeSry £t., room 4.
OUR New Alternating System of. turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. B. HAND & CO..
j Expert Handicappers, IIS Stockton st.
i WANTED — Intelligent, refined woman over 25.
resident of Alameda. County, who can give S
hoars a day to business; references. Box I
SG57, Call office. Oakland.
$3000 — SALOON; clears $300 mo.; downtown;
owner has other business cause of selling.
Apply KRASKY & CO., rm. 1G, 1049 Market.
FOR sale — An old established fine paying gro-
cery, Oakland. Cal.. on account of departure.
AdOrers box 3C5«3, Call offlce, Oakland.
j $300; CORNER grocery and bar; full value;
i living rooms; rent $25; other business.
GOOD opportunity for man with $600 to Invest
in first-class saloon. Box 4111, Call offlce.
PRINTING outfit for sale or rent : good chance ;
terms reasonable. Box 4410. Call office.
IF you are seeking cafe and profitable Invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of fhaiv at %Unt each. K.
P. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st.
FOR SALE — A very profitable saloon in. the !
lively mining camp of Kesvt-lck; price $2500: ]
part cash, part time: must be sold on account j
of Hi-health; no agents: owner Irs In town, j
For particulars address box 3710, Call office.
WANTED— 0 men with $25 cash: $400 per cent
profit: 1 man made $140 last week. Call at
3 p. m. at 257 Natorna St., upKt3!rF.
$250 — STEADY man as a partner In . an old i
reliable rop.il hous?; worth double the amount j
to-day. B-jsiners Uor.rd Trade. S\X Pine St.
CANDY, cigar and tobacco store for sale; good !
business ; bargain; other business. 510 4th. j
RESTAURANT; $250; good paying business;
must sell on account of sickness. 411 Fourth.
CIGAR stand, water front; sacrifice; depart-
ure Alaska; ceme make offer. 204 East st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 1G papee, eent to any address in the
United States or Canada ona year for $1,
postage paid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — SPECIAL: 20 rms.; cor.; clears $1G5; S500
cash. bal. easy terms; price $1000. Retsloff.
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms:
70 rms.; elegant; long lease; clears ?400.?0S00
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. -100
20 rooms; clears $125; payments 1000 I
16 rooms; Eddy st.; reduced to 000
, ft rooms: flat ; bargain 200
22 rooms; 3d st. ; clears $100: payments. 700
JO rooms; Jones-et. corner; only 275
7 rooms; bargain: easy term? ."00
17 rooms; clears $75; only 2.*i<)
19 rooms; rent $t0; clears $00 450
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO. : phono John 53L
000 Market st., cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-8-0-:{.
MARION GRIFFIN. 7Ut Market *t., imB. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
BI* free list of lodging-houses at my offlca.
All for sale on easy term*. Please call.
6 rooms; cor.: rent $23; good furniture. $.".50
10 rooms; cost f!200; cherry and mah'jg. <io0
14 rooms; clean; full of men; clears $45. 700
21 rooms: expenses $102; income $225;
perm, roomers; all new: mod. Improv.
30 rooms: cor.; cleared $000 in 0 mo.. 1500
60 rooms; cor.: n. Market; clears $150.. 2800
KRASKY & CO., lOJ'JA Market Bt.
A— 20 rooms: tunny istan' of Ellis «t.; $750
ca£h, Ijal. eaey payments; snap.
25 rooms; Market Bt.; new $1000
20 rooms; near City Hall: rent $50 $1-500
• « room*; EIIIb st.; new flat $<,50
?2 room«; on one floor; new carpets; owner
leaving city; great bargain.
$850— SI noOMS; sunny corner; rent $45.
KRASKY & CO.. 1019 Market «t., room 1(1.
DONALD INVESTM"eNT~COMPANY~
M0 Market Bt <Inc.) Phone Davis 2fil.
Reliable dealer* In roomlng-houeei. hotel*.
buslne*!! rhancc-fl and real estate.
We furnish vncant houF*ji and
Loan money at lowest rote*.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMF.nON~&~cb7i ~~
fc.Vi Market «t. and 8 Stockton St.,
RooniB 21. 22. 23. Thone Bush S28.
If you hav« hotels, roomlng-houte* or bii*!n>sg
to ncll. list with u«; buyers call; we can Bult
you: have bargains In hotels, lorlglng-houges
tiats; nil rlzes and, prices; In all parts of city.
McDANIEL. SKIHM & CO..
D!)3 Market xt. . Phone Mint 2811.
Our Met or lodglng-houxep, hotel*, flats and
buKlnera dinners is the largest. It will pay
you to investigate. . _
A — NOTICK — We have roomlnc-houses, all
fIzp* an<1 prices, in all parts of the city get
our list lirst. MITCHKLL & CO.. 1200 Markt.
SNAP — Flat of 0 rms; suit, for bus. ; only $2"o'
Part rash; furniture worth $500
MrP.RIDK & CO.. 7C5 Market Ft
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CI.EAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- I
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40. j
AMERICAN. Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning '
renovated, rclaid. 104 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542! '
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 fiutter st"- I
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Misslon 2<L"}. '
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleanlnz Works '>
•t-'!3 GqMen Gate ave: telephone -Kast 12G. j
J. K. MITCHKI.L Ca f ix?t-cleanini~anT" Reno^
vati:i£ Co., 210 lith sL; tel. Mission 74. • ¦
SAX FHAXCISCO CALL.
nUSINEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cail. corner cf Market. and Third streets; open
until VI o'clock every r.'.ght i:i the year.
I BRANCH OFFICES — T.27 Montgomery Ftreet,
flier Clay: open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
*no Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
mo McAllister street: open ur-til 9:30 p. m.
T.IX Larkin street: open until 0:30 p. m.
T941 Miaadoa street; open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
it II 9 :\ m.
jitr; Eleventh street: open until !> p. m. e
30:»r, V.-)i?r.cia street; ooen until I> p. m.
North Wim corner Twenty-seccnd unrt ICen-
clcv streets; open ur.til 9 p. m.
22<V> Fillrnori atuw.t; open until » p. m.
HEimSG NOTICES. &
rUFORNIA~Cornman<lery No. 1, K. jp. i
T.. s Post Ht.— Regular assembly "jmp !
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 !O
o'clock. All fraters cordially in- •JEJ'
vited. By onier of the Commander. "
Hir.AM T. GRAVES: Recorder. ;
GOLDEN* Care Lodge No. 30. y. nnd • ;
A M.— Callcl m»etlr.g THIS (FRI- «* ]
DAY) EVENING, at 7:15 o'clock. D. JffJJJ !
S. By orrter of W M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary, g.
WILDF.Y Encampmert No. 23, I. O. O. gy >Q
F. — Officers and members: The fu- yf
• r.eral of our late Patriarch. JOHN /X
HOTTON will b» heM under tlie. aiis-/ X !
Iiices of the Druid* at their hall. 4ir. Sutter j
et.. THIS FRIDAY at 1 oVlock p. m.
T. BJ MOUSE. Scribe. j
APOLLO Lo<5?e No. 123. I. O. O. '^££Ug&. i
F.—Peconi o>-ree THIS <FIU-
DAT! NIGHT. March 7. 8
o'clock Memorial Hall. Visitors «•- |
?T cordially invited. W. H. GIBSON, Sf. G.
W. I\ NOKCROSS. Rec. Sec. _
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. .*«g»w
O T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) fti3$\
EVENING at K o'clock. Pioneer BfiSiSitt*
Ha!!. 24 Fourth et. \BL4&>£}I
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keener." ¦«bj — *^
MIANTONOMAH Tribe No. 9, Imp'd ¦«¦••>.
O. R. M. — Members will meet In
hall. ."20 Post St.. FRIDAY. March ba2?*
7. at 1 r»- Ri- sharp, to attend funeral cf our
late brother. JOHN IIUTTON.
E. A. GRHENBLATT, Sachem.
M. LEISEN. C of R.
HARTNAGLE Chapter No. 3. U. A. O. D. %£y>
— The officers ano members of Hart-
natta Chapter Nn. 3. T.\ A. O. D-, will "^^
r.rseir.b'.e on FRIDAY, March 7, 1902, 1
o'clock p. m., at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter et.,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
cur late Secretary and Past Chief Druid,
JOHN HVTTON.
i JAMES F. MARTINONI. Chief Druid.
IJOP.MA Grove No. 5. TT. A. O. D.. meets vftj
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 413 Sutter E§3
Et. Initiation. Nomination of officers. *-**¦
F. E. CALER, Secretary.
OPEN meeting of the Caledonian V ty >.
Club THIS EVENING, at 8:30 3V, (0 OJ
o'clock; all welcome. ? Business 'jJOfTsji
* meeting at 8 o'clock. Scottish hall, *«alO<*>
117 Larkin Et.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JA.S. II. DUNCAN. Secretary.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ANNUAL MEET-
ING NOTICE — The annual meeting of the
Mechanics' Institute will be he'd at the Me-
clianics' Institute Library building. 31 Post
; St.. San Francisco. SATURDAY, March 8,
1U02. at 8 o'clock p. m. The annual reports
of the officers will be read and the trustees
elect will bo inFtallefl.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE. Rec. Sec
hfllo: hello: hello:
The Hackmen's T'nicn will give a grand pa-
rso> en SATURDAY EVENING. March 8.
iflOi. preparatory to its hall, which will take
place on SATURDAY EVENING. .March 15,
19C2. at Odd Fellows' Hall.
KOTICK of Meeting of Stockholders — Office of ;
the Vnfon Trust Company of San Francisco, i
Number 2 Montgomery street, northeast cor- |
n<?r of Montgomery and Port streets. San
Krarciseo, Cal.. Jan. nth, 1902— Notice : s
hereby riven that pursuant to a resolution
or the board of directors of the Union Trust
Comrcr.y cf San Francisco, a corporation. ¦
adopted on tfca Oth-day of January. l!tO2, at :
a mec-tlnr of paid board, duly held at the
office nZ s-airl company, in the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco. State of California, a j
majority of the members of said board being
rxesest. a meeting of the stockholders of eald
company will be held at the office and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation, to
v.-it. in the rear room on the ground floor of
the building on the northeast corner of Mont- i
Turnery and Post streets, known as No. 2 I
Montgomery street, in the city and county of i
Fan I."ranc~>co. Plate of California, Ball :
builcilnp b?ln,T the building where the board ;
rf directors of raid corporation usually meet,
and sr-id room b-:lng the room In said build- !
ing (riser* the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on THURSDAY, the 27th
<3sy of March. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m., for
the rbjoct and purpose of thereupon consider-
ing an<J votingr upon a proposition to increase
the ranital Block of paid corporation from
Si .250.000 00 (civided into 1250 shares or the i
r»r value of flOOO 00 each share) to 51,500,- i
<V-n-ro OUrMed Into 3500 shares of the par |
value ri C1000 CO' e.ach share). By order of |
the bor.rd if directors.
LTttON TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
T7 r;
'Sen!) By I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
TO ii.e st^k holder? of the Mercedes Oil an<l
¦n«v«='r.pnier.t On. — Nct:ce is hereby pives that j
t'-e arn;:nl meeting of the. stockholders of I
t!-« Mrrred°« O'.l and Development Company
ho held at the office of the company,
¦H'l". CSr.us Srreckels bide.. Pan Francisco, |
CbI.. on the 10th if March. 1002. at 5 p. m. j
' Py ilie bf<rd of flire.ctnrs
¦T. r. TT. i.nWATfD?. S«cr°tnry. j
ASTROLOCV.
IT^KCPrOP"^ cast: future predicted: readings
br :r.:\'.\ if •I^ir'-'I. Raymond. 2'JT Taylor St..
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. j
II. 'VV. KING. atty.. Examiner buildin?, room j
f'l^i: all casf-f;: I'.anascs, estate^, wills, mort-
pafff. partnerships, attachments, •.-ollectic/nr-. i
etc.: ie~al papers drawn; consultation free: I
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write. I
APVTCE fre?; divorces a specialty: quick: quiet;
BO charge without suoce's; established 10 yrs :
n V.\ MOW'P, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton, j
AOVH'I" free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. tr_>7 Market ft., opp. Mason.
'all V' 3 s.-s. r T.'M f . P TIIURfe l TON? n yi0 'Matketit.' !
V, 8. CLARK, F.mma Fpreekels bldg., 1)27 Mar- j
k** y'.: consultation free; no fees in advance, j
CASEMENTS TO LET. :
A — NEAR Market St.: large roomy storeT'con^ I
crete basement: rp'.en.iid opportunitv. SPECK |
& CO., <;i~ Slerket st. j
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is ?cllinp; Eureka bicycles fast: twell-
*f=t tiilns cut; strency Columbia. Monarch.oth-
erc: repairirp. be'ls. t>urnp?=. :V)1 Larkin St.
pocs. etc.
\VAR6UKO canaries and all kinds of sonK.
ts'.Hpg end fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
'«?'?. plohf.-s. uqriariums: bird and animal
I'H of all ?;!n.-is I.'4C Market st..bet.Sth &9th.
DOAAOXXG FOK CHIi7dRE\.
lilTKi-K wiEh^f chiiijfrn at lowest terms: large
tunny yard :r.hor.c: nr.srh-x>l. 1607 California.
BOOKS-rXEW AXD OLD. j
, BOOK? of all kin-Jg bought; libraries purchased
II. <:. Holme.-, lifj Market; u\. Howard 19i6.
BLSINESS CHANCES.
A— J UC0; DvnjCATBBSExlMaA'tmaey sroceir
ttitc; c(-t«ib!.rhed year»<; rent $20; ttock of
Crit-Cloa rar-rchan'liw; will invoice fSOOO;
LiRktnctsa known as a Oret-clasi paying urooo-
clt'.on. Call P.. G. WILKE. j;qi^ Kearny et.
A — SS90; KALOON end /lance hall on Kearny
rt.; :: livinr tcnttrn uml klti-lx-n; rent $S.'
Pgrtlcularn at It. C.WILKK'H, 20»/i Kearny.
A— ViXr. I!i;ST located faUxjn on water front-
•-1 ¦rrzriffSxiur'iu uui a ftrrt-e'.smn pnylng busi-
tictii; K-nt $W, Inv^fiicnto aril you will find
it rurr- < hatit-e. n. O. WILKE. W/ 3 Kearny.
A— S12.'; niSgTAV.nAX?
11<#A I ;i.j-ir.« i f
Kl'fcners <H\n» or n real bargain
It. P.. WILKK. g(i^ K«« rny «t ......
A- *iV, CIO Alt rtand, with laundry cfllce, en
TSird M.; jem $17 CO; dally receiptrv. $10
•od ciore. All i.artituiare of II. G. WltKi:
St4#*jf K*-grny at.
A— »s.-.i); OOBy&H ™\o-m with fi room*; rents
fi.'.: rjrrouii-1.fi by planlr.g mill*, lumb.-r
yards an' 1 , r.iilrors'1 nhotm: clearing Kbove $m,
>^r rrxrwh. Call It. O. WILKE. THjj Kearny.
A— i.K«<: HARDWARE nnd crockery Ktore with I
V\vrnt}\np: Fhop; #,n Fourth ft., nenr Market-
K-cA lu«lnTK: itnt f^rt.. Call II. G. W1LKE*
Z't'-i K<~aniy Ft. -
A~$Ufi0; CORNER saloon with room^ al^j
mercantile lunch, eurrcunded by breweries
end trait h.mws; n<nt J.;7; clearing abnve
K^Vny 1 E T 0 " th - Ca " H - °- WILKK '
A— r*25: DELICACY and dairy produce store I
<n M:.'>i"r. Ft.; .'! living rooms: rent 52»!- dsll/
irseipts about ?2r.. call R. G. WILKE. »i'i J
Kearny st. .''.¦;
A— Sl.'O; HESTAL'RANT on Fourth Ft close
to Market: rent S'UI; pood jjayin? business-
valu- In siglit. Call R. G. WILKE 'Zlili, !
Krsmy ft. i
IIICALY «.- CAHR; CKddy Ft.. San" Franci:x'o"
I'jonw IS and 2fi; phone James 2771 — We sell
.-ill klridp of business opportunities, city and
••curtry real *> F tate. CalWor write for our
printed list j)r<ipcrtles for /ale and exchange.
A — ?'5O; CORNER tnypcn; beet in city: 100 '
MTacn, fl.*iO to SHOIX'. STRAND. 203 Kearny. J
A — I'.EITT can<1y exore and faclorj- in c-lty; near I
large school. 10iy JIarket St.. room- 16.
WEI-r WASTED MAtE—Con.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
characte'r, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 leet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For \
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San FrancUco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in demand;
only requires S weeks: tools donated: cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay st. . L __
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to 52 per week.
WANTED — Men to leern barber trs.de: eight
weeks- tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Young man who has had expert; |
ence at office work: must be good at figures; |
flr3t-class local references required. Apply |
%t HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; no experience necessary; $13 to
'$15 week; steady place. Brown. 1221 Market.
A GOOD payinjr 2-chair barber shoo in the
country- Inquire at WILL & FINCK CO..
_818-?20 Market st.
WANTED— First-class dress goods salesman
• aid silk salesman; state age, experience and
salary expected. ¦ Apply box 370-t. ¦ _ _
WANTED — Boy for wholesale 'bouse.
stating age ar.d experience, box 3747, Call.
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House, 5 13 Howard: changed hand3.
TAILOR she? for sale; good business; elck-
ners. Box 3715. CalL^
EXPERIENCED wire hat frame makera.
. TOPLITZ & CO.. 649 Market st.
WANTED — Cash boy. Apply bstween 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS. v
WANTED — Experienced boys or man for ped-
dling fruit. 563 Natoma st., about 7 a. m.
GOOD all around shoemaker; bring bench tools.
1320 Park st.. Alameda^
BARBERS — Good country 2-chalr shop far
sale. 106 Ellis st.
STRONG toy; aged about 15 years. Apply at
the Royal, 50 Third st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters, green hands and
seamen for ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
EXTRA pay now due TJ. S. Vohmteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard st., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Cera. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A." R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged; half
price. 56.1 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your* shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. 5«3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 2C0 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia St.
'HOR'SES AND "WAGONS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. March 4~ldO2^TThere
will be sold at public auction at PresMlo of
San Francisco, California, commencing
Thursday, March 13. 1002. and continuing
from day to day, 223 horses. These horses
are acclimated and in good condition, but
are no longer needed for the public service.
Terms — Cash. For further rnformatlon ap-
ply to the quartermaster at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. D. D. WHEELER, Deouty
Quartermaster General. U. S. Army. Chief
Quartermaster.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies. wagon3,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a.m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.-
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary Collega will be-
gin Its fourth session June 9. Catalogue by
applying to M. L. PANCOAST, secretary^
510 Golden Gate ave.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all gTades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold; new stork always on
hand. 1409 Market St., corner Eleventh.
Largest stock 2nd-hand wagons, Surrey, buek-
board, harn., ! work.driv.hprses.lSth&Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS light piano box top buggy
cheap. 1523 Sanchez st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap.. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission at.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3BM & CO., 14 Montgomery.
WOULD like to exchange a finely furnished
' flat of 8 robms and bath in San Francisco
for furnished house in Snn Mateo. Address
! M.. ?07 Sansome St.. city.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
; NEW sunny bouse. 7 rooms; large basement:
yard: fine location: Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
HYG1EXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff: has treated
baldness with great success: free consul ta-
tlon. Room 30. Llebes building-. 139 Post.
LOST AXD FO17XD.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of FRANCIS NACKE, No. 243-1370.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Bay mare 4 years old. 3 white legs and
v white face. Finder please notify NICK
HEALT. Twenty-first and Bryant sts., tel.
White 1015, and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A gold breastpin; twisted wire; valued
as a keepsake. Return to 037 Fourteenth st.
and receive reward.
LOST — This morning at 6 o'clock from 322C
King St., Lorin, tall bay horse with bald
face; reward.
LOST— A button picture of young lady In gold
frame; reward. Address box 4109, Call.
LOST— A passbook' with tha Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society or San Francisco irv the
names of FRANCOISE BOURQUIN or
EAULE LUCIEN BOURQUIN. No. 1S6-550
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A Dassbook with the Hibernia Savings
nnd Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of ELLEN HUME, No. 255-1572. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the~~Hlbern!a Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
. name of MRS. BERTHA DALE. No 02-?-61
The finder will pleaae return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of ANNIE E. MIDGLEY, No 108-140
. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. 6 months old; tan.
with white markings; reward. 2340 Jack-
son st.
LOST— February 21, pug dog. San Francisco
license. Return to 1200 Van Ness ave. and
receive reward.
FOUND — Near Bay Farm Island, 3.1 piles,
marked with 4 parallel cuts. JOS. W.
¦ SILVA. Bay Farm Inland.
IT will Day to ••Remember" that th» Califor-
nla Watch Cane Co.. 220 Sutter st., need* old
gold and sliver tn make new watch casoa.
MEDICAL. \
A— DR. O'boNNELL. world-renownedT speclaN
l»t. — Ladles, all who are sick or tn trouble '
consult the specialist on female complaintv
menitrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
ca»es taken; the most difficult cases treated-
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicat* nature; by consulting him savi.
time and money. DR. O. W. O'DONNELl'
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth!
MRS.- D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' sperialls'P
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement-
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrcll. near Taylor
KOHL, specialist, 410 O ; Farrell st
LADIES, consult the original MRS dXvTes
at the old office. 1228 Market st • 30 years 7
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician- 2",
years' successful experience in S F 'mi
ternlty Home. 006 Market st.. op 4th; fe'a low"
DR and MRS. WEGENERriadles' physician ¦'
private home for confinement; babies S:
ed; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' orleiml
method of treatment; maternity home home
In confinement. 1120 Market St., S f!'
MRS. D ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable iadles ;
specialist; a private home before and dnrin*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOTKEE, 210 Sto^ktoli st., onposlta
Lnlon square; all diseases cured by herbs.It Is rumored that the Crockera. who
own a quarter of the stock of the Pacilic
Improvement Company, are anxious to
cell their share to the Stillmans of New
York. This report George Crocker would
neither deny nor nfllrm. One of Mrs.
George Crocker's daughters, Miss Ruth
erford, will return to this city next week
from an extended tour in Japan.
George Crocker, accompanied by hla
family, arrived here yesterday from New
York In a private car. He Is here to at
lend the annual meeting of the Pacific
Improvement Company, which vukea
place noxt week.
ing of the Pacific Improvement
Company.
Comes Here to. Attend Annual Meet-
GEORGE CROCKEB ARBIVES
IN" CITY .FROM NEW YORK
The Merchants' Association sent com
munications yesterday to the Board of
Works and the Supervisors requesting
that provisions be made in the specifica
tions for street lighting when the next
contract Is let that the Gaa Inspector
shall be authorized to order the street
lamps to bo lighted on any of the so-called
"dark nights" when such nights are rainy
or foggy. The association calls attention
to Ihe desirability of limiting the so
called "dark nights" when no lamps are
lighted to three nights Instead of five.
The association submits that the city
should not be in darkness and the com
fort and safety of citizens endangered be
cause the conditions of the weather on
tho3e nights are not what are anticipated
Progressive cities now have their streets
lighted every night during the year or
have a moonlight schedule by which the
lights are turned off at the hour when
the moon rises and turned on when the
moon sets. . •'
visors to Modify the So-Called
Moonlight Schedule.
Merchants' Association Asks Super-
WANTS THE STBEET LAMPS
LIGHTED ON DARK NIGHTS
About D o'clock /tho ttorm reached Its
height. Besides tho wrecking of the
houses, trees, fences and poles were
blown down. A large eucalyptus tree
craxhed Into the house occupied by James
Leyden nnd family, going; completely
through the roof and almost cutting tho
house In two. The occupants were out at
the time. The families of Pascual Suarez,
J. Moreno, Reas Lopez and Ceclo Ma
gallanes were compelled to leave their
abodes and go out Into the blinding storm.
They found quarters and shelter for the
night In the Mexican boarding-house.
The butcher shop and Spanish boarding
hou:;e were demolished and the roof of
the Methodist Episcopal church was par
tially destroyed.
SAN JOSE, March 6.— The big storm of
Saturday night played hnvoc at Hacienda,
the Spanish quarter of New Almaden, thla
county. Over thirty houses were wrecked
by the storm, seven of the number being:
completely demolished and the families
rendered homeleflsj
in a Santa Clara County
Town.
Extensive Damage Done by the Galo
ST0EM WRECKS HOUSES
IN SPANISH QUAKTEB
HOTEL : ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B D Chirmist & w, Sac
W Dobson, King City
L Frazer & w, Woodld
Miss L Woodward. BC
G R "Walker, Hayw«ds
G S Crawford, Neb •
A Peterson. Angel Isld
B Stokes. Angel Island
Mrs E Holway, Tacoma
C H Atwood, Denver
N E Beach, S D
P H Newberry, S Jose
A S Gonlarte, Redwood
C Cummlngr. Fresno
Z A Goble, Pt Richmd
Msituhs & w. Chicago
A Jackson, Iowa
J Hoeck, Alameda
SAN DIEGO. March 6.-From 4 to 7
o'clock this morning rain fell to the
amount of .25 of an inch. The fall was
very heavy for a short time, .12 of an
inch registering in five minutes. 1 Another
storm is expected to-night.
LOS OLIVOS, March 6.— One of the
heaviest storms ever experienced in this
section occurred last night. The wind
blew a gale from the northwest and .60
of an inch of rain fell in about three
hours. The total for the ntorm since Feb
ruary 21 is 5.62 Inches. Plowing and seed
ing are being rushed by the farmers.
There Is heavy snow In the San Rafael
Mountains and tho indications are for
more rain.
SANTA ANA. March 6.— Rain fell here
last night to the amount of .41 of an ich;
making the season's total 8.11 inches.
LOS ANGELES. March 6.— In a few
hours during the middle of the night rain
fell in this city, amounting to .42 of an
inch. The downpour was heavy as it
waa brief and this morning the weather
is clear and sunny again. Precipitation
was general over Southern California.
The seasonal fall now amounts to 8.71
inches.
BAKERSPIELD, March 6.— Following a
high wind last night at 10 o'clock rain
commenced to fall. There waa a continu
ation of the storm until this morning, the
precipitation for the night being .39 of
an inch, a total, of 3.70 inches for the
season, as compared to 3.89 inches for
last season at this time. . In the moun
tain sections last night there was a good
ly fall of snow.
SAN JOSE, March 6.— It has been
showering all day, with no prospect of
cessation. Last night .52 of an inch fell,
making a total of 13.24 Inches for the sea
son. The mountain tops east of the val
ley are covered with snow.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— A very heavy
rain fell in the upper part of the Sacra
mento Valley last night and the water
v/111 cause another share rise In the Sac
ramento River, which Has been falling
rapidly during the past forty-eight hours.
At Delta, near the head of the valley,
the precipitation amounted to almost a
cloudburst, over three inches of rain fall
ing during the twe^ny-tour hours ending
at 7 o'ciocK this morning'. Rain is tailing
in the valley to-day.
There waa a very heavy fall of snow in
the mountains along the line ol tne Cen
tral facmc Kanroad yesterday and last
night. At one point tnere was a fall of
twenty inches. The snow is several feet
deep on a level in the neighbor nood of
Summit and the railroad company had to
set its snow plows to work last night and
this morning to keep the Central Pacilic
track open ror trarhc. tinow is falling in
the Sierras to-day.
WINT1«;KS. March 6.— Another storm
commenced last night and a good rain
wet the entire Winters early iruit belt.
Crop prospects are exceedingly good, the
ground having been wet down deeper than
tor years. A great many .early market
vegetables are grown here and the yiela
will be heavy. Grain is well advanced.
Early fruits and nuts promise well. The
total rainfall for the season is twenty
two inches In Pleasant > Valley about
thirty-three Inches has fallen.
Sacramento River Begins Ris
ing, but Causes No '
Heavy Storm Prevails
Generally Through
the State.
RAIN DRENCHES
FARMING LANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1902.
13
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.'
Via Sautallta Ferry
Commencing September S3, 1001.
FROM «AN FUANClbCO TO MILL VALLEY
ANU HAN ltAKAUl,.
WWEK DAV8-»«;M, Sjlio. »uiiju, U[00 a, m.,
•J|4B. HllB, 4|15, ftilft, •OilO, ti!4B p. rn.
EKTUA Ttllfri— Pur Mill ValWy and B^
llufadl un Muint«y«. We.lnehilHja un.l Huiur-
ituya «t It ::50 and 1 1 H» p. iii,
uiift, •?lift. fli"9i wina p, w, ¦
'i'i alii- run rhjil i') ,!L"tt r -f 'STJ 1 "?, .Q'wntiii,
HUNUA»/-gin». 10106 a. »., ia.03, 3H3,
bum tm, •ljl t folfo u Tn ; IKIi
()!fi5 n. tti. week days=Ca*ader§ and Way
"lurPji. m. Baturday*— Dunean Mills and wky
* l »Vio n^. •«. Bundiys— Duncan MlUs and way
st L^'il' lf..1W«ir tP«ti and tralni will ruu on
Sunday U.'ne.
nooais foii housekeeping.
AniHL and SOLAIt flats] 525 and "ajl Turk stT;
firft-clagg; new bidg. ; housekeeping eulte3.
IIKLI^. The. 1T7.1 Market — Sunny parlor suite;
grate nnd kitchen, with gaa range; $22 &0.
CAP!'. 5Xi — Parlor floor cf 3 unfurnished
roon:e for light housekeeping.
Cl*AY, 1523 — One or three unfurnished rooma.
FOLSOM. RHi — New Funny front and back par-
lor. unfurnished; kitchen with range; $12.
Kl'LTOX, 071 — 2 furnished rooms, complete
lor housekeeping; separate entrance; no chil-
dren; ?9.
GOLDEN*' GATE ove.. 425-427— New house,
Jutt finished 15th of this month: modern im-
provements; electric llcht, h«.t and cold wa-
ter in every room: price reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1200— Sunny unfurnished
apartments; also (tingle furnished room.
HAIGHT, C.",0 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD. 532— A furnished front sunny bay-
window room, with us? of kitchen.
¦HOWARD. IOC — 2 punny connecting complete-
ly furnished tMfcpsj. rocms; range; others.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front basement suite, yard;
laundry; gas stove; flC; basement suite. $14.
JONES, C14 — Large sunny front alcove with
kitchen; complete hskpR. ; also front parlor.
OCTAVIA 1403. corner Orary— Sunny front
parlor; gas stove; with kitchen: largo closet.
O'FARRELL 1315 — Unfurnished lower floor. 3
rooms, yard. laundry. ?15; phone Scott 858.
SEVENTH. 2S — Punny furnished Fulte, $HS;
double sunny rooms. $10. ?8, ?<5; phone; bath.
THIRTEENTH. 183— Fine suite of rooms;
complete for housekeeping: no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
j !¦ ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. nnd Unfarn.
ARGTLE Hotel, 23* McAllister— New, elegant,
tunny; 7f>c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
erill reom in California attached.
' A — BR U X d\\ I C K House. 14S Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per nlRht; *1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. >j
I BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
! r.lshed rms., suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
I CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
| furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
| EDDY. 210 — 2 elegant back parlors; light
housekeeping; also cunny front single.
i ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
:55c, $1 50 night; $1 50, $U wk. ; open all night.
FELL. 4C8 — Furnished room In private family;
terms reasonable.
FURNISHED back parlor for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
hot and cold water; bath. Box 3713. Call.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;sult,slngle:elevat.
GRANT. 215 — New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
GEARY. 4S3 — First floor, several rooms suit-
able for medical man; also single rooms and
eulte for housekeeping; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas,
bath, phone.
MARTINET. . 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms. :
MINNA. 409. near 5th — Large- front parlor,
suitable for 1 or 2 centlemen; (10 a month.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Punny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PART of house, either furnished or unfur-
nlFhed. In flrst-class locality. Box 4103, Call.
PINE, 0»0 — Sunny eulte, gas, grate, running:
J water; now flat; private family; gentlemen.
I POST, 835— Large eunny room; bath, gas,
closet; gents only.
POWELL. 131— Front room to let near Kald-
win lot.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent light.
readlnu-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, SKc to $1 W); week, $2
to fS; month, fN to $JI0; elevator on ground
floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
Sacramento! 25ll^Eiwraiy~~furnishe<i
front and back parlors; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. SH Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121, near Sixteenth— Sunny fur-
nished front room, S3 dO per month.
STKAM HEAT nnd oil modern conveniences at
Hotel rit. Uonln. 24 Turk st.
BUTTER. a<K> — Nice front room for two gentle-
mfn; low rate*; single rooms also.
CLAKBIKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Killmorc.
ItOOMS AM) HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
j flrst-class board; reasonable :phonc South S2i>.
JOHNSON, Trie] C05 b'Farrell— Nice home;
: good table: Fpacious grounds; rates moderate.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-clans hotel ;fur.
rultrH or single: board optional; steam heat.
I CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
1 family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
i CROCKER. The, 015 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.
NIARA. C15 Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.'
I VAN NESS, 51!) — Handsome furnished sunny
pultes. tingle rooms; first-class table board.
UOO5IS AXD BOAIID WANTED.
I . r| _ ri.ru- -r
GENTLEMAN wishes room and board In a
quiet home where people mind their business.
M. N. O.. box 4102. Call.
I WANTED — Pleasant boarding place for young
lady; reasonable. Box 3702, Call.
j BOARD and room In private family; couple
with one child. Box 3717. CalL
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for t4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms O-10: tel. B5.S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 32G4. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing: Ioweet rates. Tel. Green 144. 20." 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
] office Post and Powell st*.; tel. Main 5713.
i GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
j nion et. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINP Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2-"?0 Flllmore tt. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
epI] better machines for less money than any
house In tho city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. G3<i California; telephone Main 2UH.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 2C'i) Sansome.
dTvidexd notices.
OFFICE i of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
It), second floor, MIL* bulldlnii. Han Fran-
cisco. March 4. 1U02. Dividend No. 1118 nf
42 cents ner *hare on the capital stock of
th» Contra Ocsta Water Co. will be payable
nt the office of said company, room 18, sec-
ond floor, Mills building, on March 15, l!>02.
Transfer books will close on March 10, 1002,
et '.'¦ {i. m.
UPWARD McOARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Ccm-
puny, ion.; a dividend, No. .to, of sevumy*
five cents (75c) p«r rhan» on ths lusued c;npl-
IhI stock fit the company has been duclured
l.i'vui.!" al the olfice of the company, r.ioms
'.'n'J, ISO*, 'J'i'i, lliiywiit'il building Han I'iiu.-
• liro, on March JO, JIKiX Transfer b.ioks
• I'm- Mimh H, 1003, at noon. J. Ii. i.i:av-
I'l.l, Mfrniniy.
PHOPOHAl.8. 11^.
CjKKlt*ir~r/r ' f*r ""tiT*M, . Vancouver HarrHrkii!
WbkIi., I'Vliruary !•>, 10<i;|.*-Hea|6d. |irii|nisu|»,
In irli.lliHle, will Iib' rural vert Jiern unlll II
H. Ml,, .M..nii II, 1!""'-', MuI Hun h|u-iii .| fur
it. . . . ..Hiiii-iitm at Kort WilBlit, Wan}).', of
">•• .i. ..Mr liariftrk i, 1. 1 1, line, i.n. ii, (.',,! f U ||
iMi..ii....ii"i., |.|mtK HIhI f|.-' Uli ,hi..iio ft|i|i|y
(it ilii« utiii'p, U, P, reserve* i lain i« reject
or ,....,.( arty or nil |.i..|...ri.i« ur any |,,,n
H,., ...I | ,,vrl,,|,.= flintttlltlllK |'|..|.>.c,)|ti
flixwld he iitHfkedi "I'mpoFitiN for t?fMii>irue«
j II., i, ,f l,,!||,lil, 1; = Hi (VII Wlltl.l. \V,is|| ,"
Allll fl.i.ll.K:. .1 |0 llll.l. ipll tin), i, \V, JA<
(ifl'lt'JS i.f «*, o, M,, Vfltipoiivpp UflrTHtkii!!
\V«Fh., Mflflll 4, 1l»0S-=HtHl«ll |lrli|ll.pttlN. Ill
Il1|i|lr«t»' l will li» I'pr-flveii hFfp until II h, iii
Atirll 4, itMia. «n.i Ihr-n mirnp.l. fur Hib eoit*
• liuillih hI VBiicnuvrr llniihrkii. Wucli , uf
(l FUtiMUFtifr* »=lip|r|iiitiO(«. K,,r f u || ||tfot|ti a >
tiin, r>l«Ji«. nii'1 fiipfincmiuim «|iiily to UiIr
nfn^P. I HilPil r*lali=i« i-ppfrvrn light tu rejptt
nr ncrpjjt uny or mi |, t ..|...c H | a ur nnr |, arl
Uirrnof. l*nvplii|iFS •'.'iitiiiritiiK tirdliuxals
elmultl l«» nmrkpili "Prciiionals for enh*trur>
llrti of a eulirlFtPtice ftotelmum; nt Vnncmivrr
I'.ntrrtckn. WhfIi." nn>\ ml li .-pfcI to under*
tiencd. J. W. JACOUB, C. g. M.
RAILWAY THAVEL.^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnlnt lrn«<* .«•¦.! »•••• tin— •«» nrrli* ¦•«
MAK rilANI'IWI'W.
<Uain Lii>e. Foot of llarket Street.) '
LKATK — J Frum FRBRCABT 9. 13T3 — AKMT»
7:0I)a Iit-nicU, .Siiisitn, Elwlnv aud 3acr»-
lneiii.i B'3-If
7:00* Vacnille. Wi:.t<-r«, Ilumloy ?i23>
<<UU* M*r tine/. Shu Uihi.ihi. Vullrj... NBf»,
<Jali«t«K»Kl><l M:,n-.m M.,», k «;aT»
»:O»* I)»iU. \V.H..ll«ii.il. Knights Landing.
Miir.inriilv. or.milff 7«3-"»»
•texts Atlantic K.ti.reni -(»b Ion am! Kast M>*3«
»:»»* Niles. I.nllir •!•. MocMou Zs'Jtr
8>(tO.v NI1«A M'i,,h't». llaufurd. VUallii.
I'orteniiln 4«33»
»:.T(»A ShMM I'xpiru-l'aiU, WiUUiusaoT
i:»r».i.-it 8rrlna>, Wi:;.,.i», llo.l
Uluff. P.»rtU.,.l. 7:»a»
¦ lint Sin, .!..«-. l.iferni»r«. StorkN.ii.
l»i.e. .SwcrKi»i-iito. rUci-rtille.
Uanmvlll*. «:hie... ltn.l Itlurr 4sX.1«
KiSO* O*k.Ui.-. UMnna.Honi.ra. 'lunlnmne 4-v5»
I»:IM»» Iliiywril. Mil, ¦ and U *y Sutiiini.. lliA.1*
»:»«». Viill.jo ... 14»23»
U:(H»a !.<>» Anco'.es Extire** — klnrili,«ix,
Tr«cj. iaatlirnp. rtiiinktou, M,rc d
Krn4i.ii ami l.os Angales ?>93&
Kinn* Vail')'.. iMarilni-xa.i.l \V»y Station* 7:-V>»
IOiIIIU Tim OTrrUi.,1 I.l>iille.l-Og(l«n. l.'ou-
i«r, >la Cliim.*.. ».3.1*
«l:OI>r Hmvalurli!" IIIrM Hlotmni >I1OI>»
S:4m>k II. i, i, In, Winters, Hacrnmimto,
WiMKl'nnil. Ki.l'.lits l.ull.Kl.K.
Marrnvlll.-, On>»l!l<i l»:.1"»»
«:3»r 11 iyi'Mr.1. Nil. « anil Wsj Ktstlor.s.. ?:A3t
4>w»i- Mailliif/.. Sun Itamo... VaKvJu,
Na|m, ChIIhIokm. .Sm.U Itnfta •'2.1a
4iOOr Nile". Murmore, Stockton. IjvII... iau.tr
4i:t>»r H»jrtr*ril. Nl!e». Maik.limti, Li»> rmoro tSsASa
4:S»r Tliu Oul ].lmite<l *- rim.ii, Tularp,
lUkrrxBoM. Haiiriis fur .S»,.ia, liar-
burn, l-rni AiiKnles. «:».•»»
JliOOp Fort Cuara, Trirj. Lktfarop. Stockton I«i29«
Oiwt>p Martin* t, Autiuch, Btncatou, Mer*
eed. Frosno 1*:1»»
«!«<>r llarirnnl. Niles ami HaM Jos« ?i.1^a
tltiOllr V»lli.Jo lliJI3»
ttiOUr Oriental Msll— Og,l««o. Donrer,
Omaha. St. Louis. <:ii!<!*gn 4>23r
IiUWi- Or>'iii,i, »uil OalilornU Kxi'fom.Nao.
mnini.t... Marj-»»lll«. KiuMiiiK.
I'ortlan.l. rii||«t .-H.......1 nn<t Kast t<SS*
liO^rSar. Pab'o. Turk (,'o»ta, Mutiaex
aii.l Wa» ht»tloii» lliS34
Hiotr v»iif)i,. itaaf
COx\ST IiINK (N«rrorf (iau R »). "
( y»oi of U-rkut Street)
til.1t Nenark.Criiturtllle.,Sai>.l4>M.Fi>lt<>ii,
I<onl.larCre«a.Sa.ul.«CttuandWay
Htatlons »«¦•»
ftilflr Newark L'entervlllv, fian .Ime, Nnw
llniaifeii. rnltou, HnuMrtr «.'reek,
Santa Vixu and ltiudpal Way
SUllom I«|H«A
4illlp Newark, Man Jons. T.os Gatoe {9:304
«*.3ur Hunters' Tratu-rSan Jose sad Way
| Stations ¥T.*9»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS mSCIiCO— rooi of HuUt Street (Slip 8>—
tV:!5 B.OO 11:00A.M. 1:C3 3:33 SilSr.M.
fraaOUUSD— f.il .'Brt»l"»».~fli:OO t&00 13:0*
10:00a.m. 12 03 a.03 t:OOr.M.
COAST lilXB (Itroul (lunge).
(Third ai.dTowmemlSta.)
fl:IOA Ban Jose and Way Htations....^..... *it*Z
TiOOa Hail Jon »»<l Way Stntlims *»:«»*.
/7:<»«A New AIhwjiTsw v / *U«»
•tOOA Coast Line Limited — ean Joao,
Cllri'j. Salioaa, Bar. Lois Oli!«po,
BanU Barbara. I.ok Anceles and
principal Intermediate sUtiona.... I0t43f
• iOOa Hkii Juh. Tiea l'inos. HauU Cnir.
Tacllie Hr»»«, Kalinss. 8an Luis
Cbispo ami Principal Intermediate
st»Li..n> 4tlOy
lOiSOABan Jose aud Way SUtions. - *::i«*
' IIi»Oa Mkii .Timannil Way .StiiUnim ..: »; «•*
tU: lap Stn Mateo, lledwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Han ta Clara, San .lime,
Tres Flooa, Hauta Crux. Salinas.
Monterey M» 1 Pacille (irnfe IIOi-t.14
S:»o r Han Jose and Way Htatlnns. l>»»v
!4ilSp Ban Jo.oan.l Principal Way HtaMnns Si3«»
4i00r Snnset Limited— Mondays, Wednra-
. - flays. Friday*, for Lo» Angelea. El
Pa.io. New Orleans and New York.
ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays 1«>1S.
MiOOrSan Josv, Los Gatoa %ud Principal
WaySUtiom t!»l©Os
¦l30r San Jose and Principal Way .Stations fliSUr
«i.1»p San Jose ami Way Stations 7i»Or
¦JidOr New Orleans Eipre»s— Ran J<nfs
Obispo. S*nta Barhsra. Lot An-
Helen. D-mlns. El Paso, New Or-
leans and Kast M 1I«S«»»
1ll4.tr San Joan m»l Way Stations 7i9»t
A for Mornliif. . P fur Afternoon.
fMunday ezCAiiteiL ! him day only.
•sUtordaj only. / Tuesdays and WfiOMg^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Lear* Market-street Ferry Depot
Local Lioi'd Uvrl'd Local
Dally Dally Datly Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Btockton. 10:18 ft 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1iS<>m 0:11 P
"Fresno... 2:uSp 2:33 p ri:15alU:50p
"Hanford.. 3:I2pia:27p 8:ofta
"Vlsalla... 3:3»p| 6:00a
" Bakerattd 0:15 p B:2Op 7:43a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:t6p 0:00 p
a for mornlnjt. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is tho California Lim-
ited, carrying- I'alnce Hleepln* Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runa to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No a«cond«
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. dally.
8 p. m. ia the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. la Bakernfleld Local stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
8:30 B:10, 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. .««--«
SUNDAYS — 8:00. $>:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p.- m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franciscd. |Apr. 23. 19011 San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- | I Sun- I Week
Days. | daya. | Destination! daya. | Days.
7:30am S:00am! Novato. |10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 0^50am Petaluroa. j 6:05pm 10:23afix
6:10pm 5:0Opm|Santa Rosa.l 7:35pm 6:20pm
, Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10 :25am
S :00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm ":20p»
7 -30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3 :30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm.
7 :30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevtlle. 7:23pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pra
7:20am 8:C0am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:08pm 6:20pm
7:S0am| S:0Oam| |10:40am|l0:2r.«m
8:30pml (l:00pml Rebnitopnl. | 7:35pml 0:20pnx
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Ueyaervllle for Skaggs 8prtngs; at Cl >verdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelaeyvtll*, Carls-
bud Springs, Soda Day, Lakeport and nartlett
Springs; at Uklah .for Vichy Spring*, tartuo**
Springs, VHlue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprlniss, Upper Lake. I'oran. Potter Vallay,
John Dny'e. Riverside. Lierley's, Uurknell's,
Ranhedrln Heights. llullvtlle.Orr's Hot spring*.
Mwndoclno City, Kort Drxxg. Westncrt. Usal,
\Vtlllt», I.nyt'inville. Cummins, Ueli's dpringi,
Harris. Olsen's. I>yer. Hcatla and Unr >k i.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays rnund-trip tickets ta all points
beyond San tlafaet at half rates.
Ticket office, (ISO Market street, Chronicle
building.
II, C WHITING. T*. X. IITA.V.
pen, Ma.ns.gey. Qen. Pass. Ant.
fiOUNT TAMAI.PAI3 RAILWAY
""^nvo"" ViH*r»»u»aliio prrry '"'"Arriv*
Pen i'ran, V"**} *<f Nt^rWct t^t. ran !¦ i.m,
Pays, tUy* u rt| i ll , ni ,»n,. H i.ifM«r , dd^ iXd
tvin ocm* ut «4iuut sTiuiii -i uumuk rtMt
/^k DrsOlbbon'o Dispensary,
rvfi^iVrll" l^' 1 ' 'iirtiif* Irftttirti'iil i»f I'clVMt*
I i_,J*jGB* I '"""""""'' ll4Ht Mahii.H.tl. !»«•». inn ¦ ut
1 «yW»STv i A'll^''t'S' 1 wCiirlligfill rw.flrBM.I iiiln.l km, I
2fflJSE WJ^KI" »l"»M(!» Die Doctor «ur«-» w»ik«
uWSSilM n ">>rii fnli. Try him, riinr««* i..w.
rwaK!W lifli<'ni'** srunruiilrvil. Lull nr will*
l» r. 4* V. «JI Ulioa. Hnii i'rauclsco. Cak
PIIOPOSALS — Continued.
NOllLIi 'to CONTHAC1OHS— Olfke of the
¦ Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
haiifutiif ,st.. Han Francisco. Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide fur the erecticn of u modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountyille. Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
t'riatinc $25,000 therefor (approved March
2C, 1001. Statutes U-01. page 82:i). and in
nccordance with the resolution of the boarl
cf directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fcrnla. adopted October 12, 11*01. the board
Of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
tea!e<! proposals for furnishing the material*
and perforrmnK tne labor for the erection
and construction of paid hospital building, at
the tald Veterans' Home at Yountvllie, Napa
County, In accordance with the plans, de.
rcrlptions. bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmeanil, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
fealed proposals will be let. made and en-
tered Into; caid plans, descriptions, bills and
f peclficatlcns can be teen and examined be-
tween the hours of 0 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
in. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of *ald contract
cr contracts, at the office of the fald di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
S20 Sansoni* st.. Can Francisco, Cal.
Separate bids will- be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein
above cet forth, for each of the following
parts of eald building, erection or structure,
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled, "An act to regulate -contracts
en behalf of t.ie State In relation to erection
of buildines" (approved March 23, 187(1,
statutes 1875-0. pace 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say lor ths
following parts, namely:
FlrEt, for the masonry work. Including all
trick, Etone. terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and plnzine work. •
Third, for the plumbing work. •
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
flatinc work, arid
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications. Including ths
furnishing of materials and the necessary
labor therefor. J
The work Is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac II. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of eald Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf or Its eaiii board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for a« many
different kinds of work an are hereinabove
specified. No bid or proposal will be received'
cr considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of Raid Droposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with FUfflcient sureties, conditioned that
If cald proposal cr bM Fhall he accepted tha
party proposing or bidding will duly . enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts. In accord-
ance with s=aid proposal or bid. and the plans,
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part ct this notice and
cf any contract to be let hereafter.
Said fealed bids or proposals mjst be de-
livered to the said directors o r the Veterans'
Home of California, or > the secretary there-
of, at the office of ib'S. directors, room 13,
R20 Sansome st, in the city and county of
fan Francisco. . Ptate of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
fecond day of March. 1902. which ia hereby
designated as the time and place where the
»aid sealed bids or proposals will be opened
Tiy the paid directors of the said Veterans'
Ilome. nnd said contract* let and made.
If in trn» opinion of said board of directors
ot the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
of the lowest of Fald sealed bids or proposals
fhall not be for the best interests of the
Ftate. Faid'board of directors h»rfiby reserves
the right to accept nny of said bids or pro-
posals oponed as In their opinion may be for
the best Interests of the State, under and In
' accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 or the Fald act entitled.". "An
net to regulate contracts on behalf of the
Ktate In relation to erection and bulMinjra"
(approved March 23. 187C. Statutes 1875-C,
..rage 427). or to reject any or all of. said
tealed bids or proposals.
For further information and particulars
bidding contrartnrs are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board nf directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
cf directors, us hejvlr.above set forth.
By order of the board of director* of tho
Veterans' Horn* of California.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902.
¦ r — —
PROPOSALS for Clothing and KquipnRo.
D<»pot Quartermaster'* Office, .in New Mont-
gomery St.." San Francisco, Cal., February
27. 1902. — Pealed proposals. In trtpleate. will
be received at this nfflert until 11 o'clock
a. m. Monday, March 10, 1002, Pacific Stand-
ard Tim*., and then oponed. for furnlshir-jr
Corn Broom*, Unbleached Drilling. Sunpen-
rW Iluttons. Fly Button*. Hunting Cotton
Vhlte Aprons. Dnrk Hlue Troupers and Cap»
for Officer*. White Caps for Cooks nnd Wait-
ers and Vorklni? Hnts.. Ml.Mt-rx must stnto
In their prni>cKnls the rate and tlm« of de-
livery rhouM contract bo awarded to them
and no proporltlolT' should be mndo which
they arc not positive that tli'-y can absolute*
ly fulfill. Preference will ht* irlven to ar-
ticles of domestic production nnd in;inii-
fneture. cr,ndltons of tirlce and quality bulnjc
equal (Including In the prloe of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture tho duty thereon),
and Mich preference will be given to article*
of American production nnd manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to tho ex-
tent of the consumption require;! by tht»
public service there. The United Slates re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all propornls or any part thereof. Informa-
tion muI blanks for proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals No.
14.10." nnd addressed to MAJOR C. P. MIL-
LSR. Quartermaster. U. 8. Army, Depot
QunrtermnFter.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterdny :
Charles T. Foster, 21, city, and Katherlne
B. Alexander, 21, city.
Tsutomu Wakimoto, 30. ir>22 Polk street,
and Tsuru Komatsu, 25, 1S22 Polk street.
Barney Zy?klnd, 2S. 11J1 Hyde street, and
Rae Jacobs, lit. 140(i Mason street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inseried. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLINS — In this city, March .1, 1002, to the
wlfa of Mark Collins, a daughter.
SPAMnn— In this city, February 8, 1002, to
the wife of Henry C. Spamer, a son.
ST. LEGER— In this city. March 3, 1002, to
the wife of H. H. St. Leger, a daughter.
MARRIED. ~ ~~-
FOSTER— ALEXANDER— In this city March
(i, I90i\ by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
Charles T. Foster and Katherine B. Alex-
ander, both of San Francisco.
HENN1NOSEN— WECKLUND— In thla city
March 4. l!J02, by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice
•f the Peace. , Frantz Peter Hennlngasn and
Katarlna Lovisa Wecklund, both of San
, r'rancisco.
PRAHL— HYRUP— In this city, March 5. 1902
by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud of the Trinity
English Evangelical Lutheran Church Ot'o
Prahl and Ellse Hyrup, both of Kan Fran-
clsco,
DIEIX ~~ ~
Anderson, Laura A. Melville, John
Ayres, William B. ' Mllloglav, NlcoJaa C.
1 in lik irk, Alexander Olsen. Gustave
Habkirk, Howard G. O'Reilly, Uridiret
Ilaumgartner, II. XV, Petersen. Anna
Beck, August Randolph, Lillian E.
Dnrlus, Mamie Redmond, Wm. 13.
Dinwoodey. Wm. T. Rlx, Lulu H.
Dolan. Ellenor U. Samuel, Grace K. ''
Grassell, Oiile M. Ktoutenborough, John
HanHen, RIbs A. Sullivan. Timothy
Hart, Catherine Van tie Mark, C. B.
Hutton. John Vaughn, Mary D.
Langstadtcr, 8. Wa!«h, Annie
McMenomy, Mnry A. Wiffler, Mary A.
MoNnmara, Lucy William*, Mlchuel
Madson, Ole Wood, Edward N.
Marlin, Nellie
ANDERSON— In this city, March R, 1J)O2,
Laura A. AndcrHon (nee Ludemann), young-
est and ili-iirly beloved daughter of Henry
and H'-Mir Linii iimiiii, nnd beloved sinter of
Mrs. W. K. Jlulvtjmon and Henry Ludemann
Jr., a natlvo of Germany, aged, ui yearn D
months anil 28 duya. ! •
S7Krlenilii and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlled In attend the funerul to-day
(Kriilay), at 2;!IO o'clock, from the ikbIiIuiicu
i.f bar parentN, '-'us iiuni-nn struet, betwuen
Dolores muI Church, Twenty-Hevttnth um|
T»v. iiiy-ili;lali. interment CypreiM Lawn
1'eme.tery,
AYHICH-ln this oily, March fi, 1002, Wllllnm
ii. AvrcM, ii native of oiiln, mkhi) M jinhm y
un, nl I. h and II iliivH.
f^The InneiHl dervlres will be hnld to,
day (Krlrtny), »t Mi n'plnrk, at Ihe funeral
liitijortf ur HhiiUit ft I. inn, yiimi M| Hh | (ll ,
ulreit, lieiween TweiHy'PW'nnri nm Tw<!iUy>
il, mi, Minimi MHVOhlH Temple, Initu iu< ia
private,
llAHKlHK=Jn (hlM city, MtmMi fl. lima, Ab«.
tnnim .1,, il.nlliiii mm i.l'lmvlil I', unit Mnry
U'.m. mmIiuimi. m imtlv* nf oi.iii kiihii, Mi.
Ill.tllH ('"Hilt)', ('Ml,, IIL.M II l.,||H j| fUUIltllM
Ll.'l »'• llM>H:
»AMKIItK=lli tlHM I'llv, MhitIi (I, KHRJ. ]|uw
nrii Upiiiup AtlMm. • «r Um i*iiii ur imvid f»,
«ni1 Mnry IIufm. llttliklilt, n i,,tM\ .. of Nnusif
niniiltiN nnd " <iit}n.
DAtJMUAtlTNMn— t«i Snntri Clarn, Mufch (I.
ilto'J. Utiiiy W. llBunnfm-mpi', dearly lmlov«i!
s-ii nf Mn. it, I', Miimdiiii nml the lute
VttteiitlnK tlHtiiiiKHfliici', HHit bfutliFf of liiicy
,mi.1 Tlllli' HHUiiieuilhec, Mi-*, li, /,tpup|-|| P ii,
Mis. •'. t'. lCmln «hi1 tlif lni«> John liHutif
UaHliff, ii flflllve uf Mnl» K>nttt'lneu, fl«nl '12
, > . ft t «• II iii'inllis nil, I 1U ilriyp.
tTTUMeml will tnke plafn fi-nm IiIm lato
t-PBldflifp, (Ml Olntit strppt, Untunlay, March
«, nt ti trrliirk. Interrnent lit Banta Clara.
1I13CK— in IhlB city, March 0, 1UU2, August
,. '^r MATrUMOMAI,.
A^!AnKIA<;i- TnjrratiT eft. 1*^7: rehsble and
ppnnd?ntlr.l: list? l»c Mrs. Hfrtr.. 70U nilly.
MITTOKSSI'S A\n VIVVOWBX&
TO or<J^rT alFo~cVar n\ and Rtcriliz^d. ujthol-
rtrry; Al ranwt Hanlnc; honest wnrk »ruar-
•nte*d. HOPKH DUOS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
m.; tel. Bufh 421.
"; OFFICES iAXP STORKS TO l.ET.
1"w1ja^FPiTe<~KKLS bids.. 5127 Market »t.: of-
fW* «iih Msht. lirat and Janitor. ¥15 to $20.
AFHTON & GAKDIXnn.
PACIFIC 328, near Fansome— Handsome large
(^'.tire: chrap. _J
FTNNV orflc* 1 * J:irt below Koarny St.. $10;
n!so 1?.re<- rtaw. Krxr c?.C, r\n\ %t.. room 1.
OIL.
Oil. tank*. 2m1-haTi<1. Sn p«<^«1 order; nil sizes;
rh«-«|>. II. P. WIHTK. VM'-irC Hpqlo Ft.
IVaVTERS A\D DECORATORS. ~~
l^IP.ST-CLAPP work: low rates; Ret ftgur<?». J.
C. BOMAPCB. <U<I O. G. ave.; tcl. I'olk 142-5.
I'AI'ICliI.VO room. wall?. SI r«O; painttne. $1 :
whitfnine. "o. Painter. .'U5 Ooldi»n Gate «v.
PALMISTRY.
WHS. K. PEAUCE. j-ricntifle buRinex* palmist,
parlors 12 and Ut, The Vendome, 1104 Market
et. : hours from !> a. m. to lo p. m.
JIME. O. L. N'EEEOAARI) rep.ds 1 to 4. TOO
Poet St.. comer of Jones; phone Polk 837.
YH. JEP.OME FO5ELLI. ecientific palmist. 515
Taylor «=t. b>t. Geary ar.d Post; tel.Black 501.
_^PEIlSOXALsi ~ "
AX ricpant line of remnants for suits to order
fI5: with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other xuits on install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
rt., between Seventh and Eighth.
J. E BATTEV. magnetic healer, ie now pre-
jired to treat parties at their home; rheuma-
tirm a specialty ; Ratisraction guaranteed.
Call or address :50 Ellis et. ; phone Clay 241.
ELECTRIC Hprht in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 room*;
2T>; to ?l 00 per r.iptn; $1 50 to ?<i per week;
fr?e 'bus and bag-page to and from the ferry.
WHY ffuetF? You can be certain of style anu
tit by UFing Standard Patterns; March pat-
terns and The Destjrner now ready. J. IV.
EVAXS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN'. tS
EV.Js. makes colored shirts to order: $1 each;
came ae white fhlrts; selection 300 patterr.r.
WHITE enamel ircn bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTEKX OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton ft., near Uroadway.
ALL my customers recommend their friends to
me; halrdressinp. nny style. 25c; switches,
¦w-iRs. G. LEDERER. 12H Stockton st.
AT less than coFt. uncalled-for i>ult«. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market et.
lilectroiytic removal cf moles and superfluous
hair: "permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
icjrinc Manhattan Hair etore. 1702 Market.
rb»t. Po:k and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald eaJl on
• Dr.G S.Moore.3."52O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 1(
year*-' experience. V J. Ii. RAY. 457 Minna et.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Fl'PERFLrOVS hair permanently removed by
elactrfg needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 42CSutttr.
FT'PEnFLUOUS hnir and moles removed by
electric r."c«3Ie.Dr.&Mrs.TraverFe,117o Market.
ALFREDt'MS Egyptian Henna: restores ttray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINL'TE TOOTHACHE IJROPS CUKE
Instantly; luc and 25c. All druggists.
Mi*. P-Hkks — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 90S Sutter; tel.Larkln3171.
MA C QT'EHADE oo*turr.e*. play bonks. Wi&»\
country orders. GOLDSTEIN /fc CO.. 733 Mkt.
?¦'.. -..¦•... costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal <p«umer. 2<l O'Farrt-ll: countiT ord<-r»..
TAILOR-MADE »>ults. $7 SO; dress pant«, *2 50.
V.lxlit Clothlnar Parlor, tor. Butli and Iiupont,
!JH. LAMOTTJ'S FRENCH COnN PAINT, th(
li^«t corn cur*. 2V; nil drt!t;el>ts.
I'MYSICIAKS AND MIt«KO.\S.
ABSOLUTELY FnEE CONSULTATION— All
<lli«ei»rrii of men and wum>-n trcatrd cucces*-
lully. Prepare ail medicines myoelf. Uli.
r<)J{DEN. No. 0 Turk »t.. corner M«K>n.
>'a— t>n. OLIviTcnrviEh. lady phynlclan and
*urg«*ow. at 1123 Market M. : bOUW 10 to 8.
DR. C C OTKiNNTLL — Office arrd r*-rid< nrc.
H J J1S Murk-t r-t.. \it-l. Xlxth tiH'3 Seventh.
rnoMornns. '
1 W1FH to Biff-' r'-Kpnnnible, entrrprlnlnit buM.
nrrt man, who wishes to make big fortum
by promt ting stock company for grea'
money-making Invention. Address BTAF>
1'iiHH, i;,.l Elfvntii «t.
nEAIi KSTATK CITV FOR gALlK ;
JOSEPH BTBAUB,
sr^) Markrt Ft., corner Btockton
Telephone Grant 177.
R»8l Eftcte Agents.
Property Bought and Sold
Rents Collected. I
KOR rz>— Fire new Mission home; big lot. 57j
120; 7 rocn'.r and bath; here's a bargain: -must
be sold; worth ICOOfl; make an offer; splendid
Ifrality; grand view; car linee close. CONK-
LTN. Fl'LLINGTON &. CO.. 710 Market ft.
REAL ESTATE COVXTKV — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Pmall tracts. $«¦ to *»l) per acre, on Ranchc
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, a;
San Francisco is growing rapidly; locatior
br-Kt for poultry and general farming. App!}
to Th<> Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. foi
pamphlets and information.
PP.OF1TAI3LE orange, lomon, peach and prune
lan<!« to sell: right locality; big money; cats}
payments. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy at.
. Santa Clara Valley. Kan Jose und Prnlnsulai
-1 properties. *ee WOOSTER. WHITTON &
~ MONTGOMERY. 034 Market. 8. F.. & San J.
A WEEK'S news for f. cents — The Weekly Call.
in yncff. In wranrwr Tc.r malllnr. <1 per year
iJERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
nEnKELEV REAL ESTATE.
NEW r>-room cottage: bath, mantel, basement
•¦¦•werfd; corner lot. 4(1x100; Golden Gate.
£17ou — JJ.00 ca>h, balance monthly; 4-roorr.
cottage. 1/ath: Btreet work done; city water.
sewered; lot 5OxUJ0; Ashby ave.. near Berkele>
train.
*17r>0— $5.10 rash, balance flat loan. Pacific
lio-.r.et Huiiding Company, iTJ Nevada block
Fan Franc;«c-o.
ML'PT \>* Koid; new r.-room hlch basement cot-
tage; bri'k foundation, china cUset, etc.;
on main rtreet; only 4 minute.s' walk to sta-
t;rn; 1 block from electric cars: price SJ4W'
veiy easy terms. HoME REALTY CO..
Jjor'.n station, IJerkcley.
EEND for •"Homes," etc. WM. P TODP
1<i70 Broadway. Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
r'., Pan Francisco.
OOTTAQS of 7 rooms and Imth; hich base.
rrtnt: easy payments. MURI>OCK. ."14 Pine.
FRIUTVALE A DYERfiSEMENTC
WEAL ESTATE.
' AN" 'niiarHllclii rpjwrtunlty; 200x130 feet, cor,
Wiistun nv*. and llopkin* at.; 'i blocks frurr
' Hirfi run and public tchonl: fuitilshed cot'
tt'g* <f <! rooms; 'table, rhlcken-lioune, pig
«*.n eoif, «rtc« crnamental croundt: fru)>
• rrliarii; :'(i rnlnutrs from Oakland or 1 hum
ficm H. }•*. ; r*ni * ;¦'• • month; price f 4000
>|i|-|y I ii. i-i:f:i:n. Mills building, ur li
A. PLKITNHH. Print vale station.
FOR s«le- I.'t mar •loctriQ road; i»oor ownci
nVftio '(in, tuifiiiip. Mt'X UWM, r'all.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
U_i- u :i;s li uAinVAV.
OAH L l_«A_yi> »I8AI, S ISWTATH.
|Urf<n JN II. c I • hi I .,i („«„, , ftH „(' JJiVi,.!
Wfc>, i.lm ti'. .( K in.in Kiltst, .1... i; ...,.,.,
uumef, ii'iitii, »,. .,!¦.#- ut 7 mem*. J i>»»«w«ii
iitiH'ki wKMii a hlttfka <¦( i-i-.).*riy .-. itii.t' tm
I.Vii mi trum t.iij nwHtl i,t*\hn U>t (Ihii
••?' t> I « <l.r|i|'n |odj,|M,, t , KM n,,- hi iilii*
H ?"« 1i«i»i«lii ; UICO, W, A«!KTIN, «« Wflll
? I,, MSI Mil MiV i.,
Il'fWV HUIn lidlnti rfMI'Wi.l r, in, Mini Mm!
* lilt flilO «fl«Hj bjffll I'Mxritirlilf fell In flfl<
rt.itii'i |»I1«* <iti!» Mmmi -..mi... <J|*l»n<» ill
ii..->ni..«n: M'mfi lu< piii»i. AtWntn "owttit,"
!..,« ai; 1 *. r fl ii ,,nh i , i.iflk1»ti4
i;'.M M •||.'i.« .1- WM. I' Vll'IV
into tlti>fiH«\'AV. Onklsmi, cr It .' I ¦ >,'r mi. i >
»t., Pn«i l'»-p|if'»fii.
-sj'HIU.A.MI rillMTIHUjajH^ II A Ml,
ruitNlTrjiK good und ehmii thla tncnllT^iT.
f ' Ii 1 .1.1.1 !.\ A! , 401> ill m in!i Et., ' cHci.l
March'8, at Bishop,' under the ausr!ce« <rf
. Winnedumah Lodge No. 287, . F. and A. M.
SULLIVAN — An anniversary ' requiem high
mas* will be celebrated for the rerjose of
the soul of the late Timothy Sullivan at St.
Joseph's - Church, Tenth street, to-morrow
(Saturday), March 8, 11)02, commencing at
0 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend.
VAN DE MARK— In this city, March 6, 1802,
Cassius B. Van de Mark, beloved husband
of Nellie Van de Mark, father of Frank J.
Van de Mark, and brother of George F. Van
de Mark »and Mrs. Lillian Cordellan Paff,
aged 44 years 11 months and 20 days.
VAUGHN — In this city, March 6. 1002. Mary
D. Vaughn, , mother of the late Mrs. A. K
Carter, and tranrlmother of ¦ Izora Carter, 8
native of Kentucky, aged 82. years 2 months
ana 4 days;
WALSH— In Tuolumne, Annie, beloved wife of
Thomas Walsh, and dauRhter of the late
John and Elizabeth Kearney of Sonoma,
aged 39 years and 4 months.
WIFFLKR — In this city, March 5, 1902. Mary
A. Wiffler, a native of Trillic. County Ty-
, rone; Ireland, aged 38 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 8:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 3
Fulton street, thence, to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her eoul. commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ' . . *
WILLIAMS — In this . city, March 5. 19C-*.
Michael, father of W. P. and M. E. Wil-
liams, a native of Ireland. ¦
1 ¦ E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & Enelish. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to the Chaoel of the Passion. Fre-
mont atreet. between Harrison and Bryant,
¦where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cnm
Cemetery.
WOOD— In this city, March 5, 1002, Edward
N. Wood, a native of New York, aged S3
years. . • ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
1 Hab.i-^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KW^SBbk For Ketchikan, Juneau,
Itff^vW Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11
! F«!^?!Qvl?^ a - m - March ". 12, 17, 22, 27,
»5&*5K3^\1 April 1. Change to com-
F<$S<E'»S!<«f ;! a3 party's steamers at Seattle.
£*"«842|53*S*«|il For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
.^*^SH% coma, Everett, New 'Wriat-
com— 11 a. m.7 March 7, 12, 17^ 22. 27, April 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
March 8. 13. 18, 23, 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo
(Los Anseles) — Spokane, Sundays, 0 a. m. :
State of California. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport (*Bonita only). ' .. „ „
Bonita. 9 a. m., March 7, 15. 23. 31, April R.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. 11 19. 27. April 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altaia, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., March 9,
and 7th of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TTO'WPYP OT'FTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franclaco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamship* CITY OF PUEJJLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 2tl and May 31 re<
tpectlvely connect with a»6ve steamers. The
nt'-iimshlpn Senator and State of California
init'ln regular trips to Nom« lait year, lana-
lcx all passengers and freight without lots,
mishap or delay. • For passenger rate* apply
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery st. (Palac*
Hotel). w
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oenl. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R.& N. CO.
Only Steamship Lino to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
point* East. Through Tickets to all
. point!*, nil rnM op uteamsrilp nnd rnll, at
LOWSiST nivrms.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE B£RTfl ani HEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 4, 14, 21, April 3
SS.' QEO. W. ELDER Sails
....Feb. 27; Mar. 0, 19, 20, April 6
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, den. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 8.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con*
ncctinK at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
Bailing.
ES. AMERICA MARU.
;.. Friday. March 21st, 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th. 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Friday, May Oth, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION' CO,
And Ci3 Soil Americana da Vapprai
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
urd 3. pier 10, 12 m.
PALENA. ...March 12 TUCAPEL
SANTIAGO.. March 28 GUATEMALA
. These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral/and South- American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, IBS"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage, 940; Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, Mar. 17
8. 8. Lcelanaw coils Monday, Mar 24
6. 8. Argyll nail* Tuesday, April 29
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, .'t.'iO Market st
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanncs.fr.io, ssskbs
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, March S, 2 p. m
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., March 20, 10 a. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
. Saturday, March 20, 10 a. m.
J. iUMCXlLS & Blias. CO , Oensra. Agents. 327 Market St
Ron'l Passenger Oflla, 643 M irksl St., fisr No. 7. Paeifo St
C0MPAONI3 GENERALS TRANSATLAhTiQOJ
UilllOCT LINE TO UAVRB-PAU1H.
bullini,' uvcry Thursday, Innteiul uf *«(nL*Ti
Huiuuiuy, ut 10 tt, in., from pier 4^, ».tfwffm»
North Klver, foot of Morton street, v
First class to Havre, $70 and upward, Second
cluba to Havre, »I5 ami upwurd, ilKNKUAl.
AUUNUY FOR UN IT HP HTATK8 and CAN«
ALIA. il'J Uroitilwiiy (Hudson lmllilln«i, New
York, 3. V, FUOAJ51 * CO,, J'aplno Cu»st
Attain, n Monttfumery avenue, Han Franolsoi),
•j'lcketH gold by nil UBllroiKi Tlekwt Agents,
AIVIMUVOAN Ii I IV f,|.
NJ3W VOHK«=-HCiUTMAAU»TON— J.ONOON.
til l,MiilH 1 M»!i,l!Mli.«in l Hi, I'li'il, A|ir, a, Hit* u
NlflW VUHlt— AN'i'WHIU'— i'AUlU,
Viii1«iI.iiiiI, Mur,lii,nnuii lUvctdiFrt, Mur.-jo.iitiMu
KfliH'utiin, M.ir, IIi.ii'iii.cImihsImiiiI, Ai>r, a. it. .on
(,'HAH. IV TAYMllt. H*> Montwnrpery «t,
FOR U.ITnAV/ YARD AHO'VALLEJ)
Ltoaiinn OKN. I'lUSUt-: o: MONTIC^LLJ
Itiirt n. m., 0ll3 and 8i30 ft. in,, pxcvt Bun>
day. Sunday, U 148 n, m., R:;m p, nt. Leavei
VhIIpJo t n. in.. Vii'.U) noon, 0 p. in,, ixcept
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. nt,, 4tl5 \<. m. Fare 5o
iciitB. Telephonn Main iwi.s, Landing; and
otnee, flei* «• Mission-street duck. HATCH
BftOli
I>eck, a native of Germany,- aged 58 years
11 months and 20 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
March S 1WW, at 10 o'clock, from Charles
J. B Metzler's parlors, (WG Washington
Htrect. Interment Lauiel Hill Cemetery.
DARIUS — In Alameda, March 0, 1002, ! Mamie
Darius (nee Jones), beloved' wife of J. O.
Darius, mother of Ethel Darius.' sister of
Katharine Jones, and nieco of Mrs. A. Mc-
Cormick, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
yea is l> months and 3 days.
DINWOODEY — In this city, March C, 1002,
William T., beloved husband of Maude Fow-
ler Dinwoodey, father of Sherwood and Wil-
liam Dinwoodey. and son of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Dinwoodey of Salt Lake City.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
March 8, at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. Henry Fowler, Napa, Cal.
DOLAN In thl3 city, March (J, 1002, Ellenor
B., beloved daughter of John and the lat*
Mary Dolan. and lovine sister of Anna A.,
John J. and Jamci M. Dolan and Mrs. R.
P. Merillion. a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 2 months and 28 days. ,
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 17 California avenue, thence to Si.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
¦ mass will be celebrated for the_repose of her"
soul at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. I '
GRASSELL—In this city, March C, 1902, Ollie
May. beloved daughter of George G. ami
Edith Grassell, a native of Fresno, Cal.,
aged 1 year and 1 day.
HANSEX— In this city, March 6. 1002. Rise
x Andrea, beloved daughter, of John and Isa-
bella Hansen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 11 months and 6 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 25 Decatur street, off Bryant, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. ' . '.
HART — In this city, March C, 1902, Catherine,
wlddjw of the late John Hart, a native of
Conford, Ireland.
HUTTON — In Alameda, March 4, 1002. John
Hutton, beloved husband of the late Han-
nah K. Hutton, and father of Hattle B.,
Samuel J. Hutton of Port Costa, Mrs. E. W.
Luhr, Mrs. M. P. Forbes and Mrs. Julius
Tanntere, a native of St. Stephens, N. B.,
aged 70 years 3 months and O days. '
!E?"Frieri<?s a«d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funertaU Friday,
March 7, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from Druids"
Hall, 41S Sutter street, San Francisco. Fu-
neral under the auspices of Hesperian Grove
ijodge No. 13, U. A. O. D. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LANGSTADTER— In this city, March 6, 1002
Seligman Lar.Kstadter. beloved husband of
Jeannette, an* father of Isaiah S., Daniel,
Cecilia. Pauline, Adallne and Llllle Lang-
etadter, a native of Memelsdorf, Bavaria,
Germany, aged 80 years 6 months and C
days.
McMENOMY— In this city. March 0, 1002, ai.
her residence. 3705 Twentieth street. Mary \
A , beloved wife of Charles McMenomy, . and
mother of Hattle. Charle3, Grace. Frank,
Bertie, Myrtle and Irene McMenomy, a na-
tive of Calaveras County, Cal., aged 45
years.
McNAMARA— In this city, March 6, 1002,
Lucy McNainara, a native of Ireland, aged
08 years.
MADSON— In this city. March 5, 1902, Ole
Madson, beloved brother of Mrs. Louis F.
Johnson, a native of Norway, aged 56 years
10 months and 27 days.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 9. at 10:30 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, ! corner of
Seventh and Market Btreets, under the aus-
pices of Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.
Remains at the funeral parlor of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission Btreet. be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth. , .
MARLIN — In this city. March 5, 1002, Nellie,
beloved wife of Brady Marlin, mother
of Walter and Edna Marlin, daughter of
the late Stephen Ford and Mary Ford, and
sister of John, Maggie, Walter and May
Ford, a native of Greencastle, Ind., aged 31
years (j months and 3 days. (Oakland, Cal.,
papers please copy.) •
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral td-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1S04 Green street, thence to St.
BrlBid's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenclnK at 0 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
MELVILLE— In this city, March 6, 1002, John
Melville, a native of New York, aged 78
years.
MJLLOGLAV— In thla city. March 0. 1902.
Nicolas C, beloved son of Cristofoco and lha
late Anna Milloglav, and brother of Mitchell
Mllloglav of Austria and Ed C. and P. C.
Mllloglav of Ban Francisco, a native of Dal-
matla, Austria, arxed 42 yearn. (Stockton,
Cal.. papers please copy.) * .
CyFriendd nnd acquaint nnces nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, at 1 o'clock, nt the parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co., ir>24 Stockton street,
thence to Ncw.Jtallan Cemetery.
OL813N— In thin city, March 0, 1002, Qustave
Olevn, a nntlve of Sweden, aged 4« years.
O'KEILLY— In this city, March tS,-1002rUHd*
put O'Hellly, brtoved wlfa of the late Pat-
rick O'Reilly, mother of Nicholas, Henry and
Mary o'Kellly, and sister nf Mrs. Lizzie
Clark, a native of County Wostmeath, Ire-
land, aged 54 yearw i) months and 0 duys.
ItdrFrlcnda nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt?d to attend tho funeral Friday,
March 7, 1002, at OslB o'clock, from her luto
residence, 1202 Church street, near Twenty-
fifth, thence to St. Paul's Church, corner
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
rolcmn requiem high mass will be cclebratod
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
P15TEKSEN— In this city, March C, 1002,
Anna Peterson, beloved wife of J, C. Peter-
<<e:>, and sister of Julius Hacke, a native of
Knpenhngen, Denmark, aged 21) years 5
months nnd 11 days.
IC?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:,'M) o'clock, from the par-
lors of II. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister, I In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 3:30
o'clr.ck.
RANDOLPH— In this city. March 0. 1002, Lil-
lian Emily, 'beloved child of John W. and
Lillian E. Randolph, and sister of Webster
\V., John XV., Lincoln und Adella Randolph,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7
months and 28 days.
E7"Frienils and acquaintances arc resner.t-
fully Invited to attend the funeral • services
to-day (Friday); at 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
denco of her parents, 3940 Twenty-third
Btreet. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
carriage.
REDMOND — In Boston. Mass., February 22,
l«02. William Emerson Redmond, a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged 50 years. ' '
(CTThe funeral will take, place Friday, at
2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter street.
Please omit flowers.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B.
P. O. E-, are requested to attend the funeral
of the late William Emerson Redmond from
the lodjcerooms on Friday. March 7. at '2
o'clock. THOMAS F. DUNNE,
. Exalted Ruler.
RIX— In Alameda, March B, 1002. Lulu Shana-
brook Rlx, beloved wife of William Rlx, and
mother of Gladys and William Rlx.
(Crinterment private. Kindly omit flowers.
SAMUEL — In this city, March 5, 1002, Grace
Knaup, beloved wife of George W. Samuel,
mother of Mabel Samuel, and sister of Mrs.
Mary H. Coats and Frank K. and William
D. Howard, a native of Dayton, Yamhill
County, Oregon, aged 20 years 9 months and
.'» days. (Santa Cruz, Cal., and Roseburg,
Or., papers please copy.)
ICTFrlendH nn3 acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock.' from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 2i) Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STOUTENBOROUGH— irr Bishop. Cal., March
5. 1002, John Henry Stoutenborough, a native
Of New York, aged (i»t years.
CTThe funeral will take place Saturday,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to PlannaKtin ft Gallagher.)
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. |
Telephone South 80. (
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
f "j' ; " OFPICt OKI MARKHT STREET.
y'f ¦'.'¦ Telephono Bush 307,
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Hamucl McFndden, 1H years manager for
ilm United Undertakers' Association, M. J,
MeHreurty. with tha name company for IS
yearxi P. fr. flreen, !&*• with J, C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. Iv.iva opened new Funeral Par-
lorn at 1171 Mission street, between Huventh
and Eighth, Talcphona Houth 4i,
j JAMI3S~McGlNN.
Formerly wltl) McGinn Mm*,, ha* ripened
new Funeral ParlOIH «t SU iM,lv si., bet,
Twlor unit JoneM, Telephone HiiiitU ftTO,
fir »...! *» 1'inii Hi. Tei.neuih i«r I
1 rllNMirU iMliri ion* ANHKMHAl.MeU.vl
CHA8. H. J. TKUMAN & CO.,
t'imcinl |i|i.'iim« and Kmbaliners,
Now Occupy Their Own Dili ding,
1000 Mi Be I fin street, between ifiih and 10th,
_ Telephone Atjsslnn Kit), .
REMOVED!
MeGlNN iiwoH,,
rUNEUAli DlUKCTOItH and MMflALM.
KitH. tu H2i and 2211 McAllister st. (Fur*
tnerlV ilf Ml tfiiriV *t, TpI, Btmth afi'J.)»>'¦• I'hiinHfthPtli 1 VMdn tin: WI4II, AfHP»l(Hj|
I . "r.o.:.,. ,,f Lfltrnj, fl « M j*g)l|»»- .,, ct i|,, r , |, r ,,,
V.I ..* H . h ij l < B i U *" ri » <|r( *iHI» tlfflPKIt.!
I'funiifHi, 15. 4; rmrahPtr v|i*» p.r=i,| r .,i f
A. AhtlpfKtitij «o«*rptaiti «. U; ttlpiihshlj oVani
•••M. A. T. «lBhltiPl| Hiifdhftl, itl'iiHt.'i Mut-
Transfeni In Firs Department.
At the monthly meeting of jh» Board of
lira Pension CommlBHlwierH,' held yeater^
day, James A. MrfJibbon, stoher of JCn*
#rln« Company B5, wan retired from the
V\re I .. ...niiiii i.i iu,.1 penHloned owing to
|ihy«Jna| dlablllty, The foUowlnff men, m
ii,. ;,, ..k i, requpet. 9/erv transferred liy fha
nre Ciimml^Klonerai Wtlllam n.,i n, e ,
from Trurh s «» i^nains |l| .fulltia ciimmPl,
from *y«i m I to Engine *\ Wlllium rr^fy.
from Truf 1; i to ISmbImh 8ts «'h«iie» gyrae!
from TtM'U t» l« iSiitflnn M; ]j : H^fffpti
f/ow Trw k H yi ICiujn*. $*, And William
Jordan, from truth a to MiwIiip at
"Karly In December (lrnve» demnrded
a settlement of nil ncenuntn at the llrnl
of tin- year, but thin we declined to do,
nH we are not ndvunrlnft money for out
standing nml unroll. -rii-ii premiuma.
When we .IM not tnahe thlo Hettlement
(jfiiri;.< Kline, the general mnnHger,
• inn. out urn! «mld lie would Htiapeni) tin
iitfency nt (he him of the year. <ir.iv«s
UKUln niilile (I delllilllii for UllH (-flllelin'lil
mi Monday, i-inlnt,' there was lltlun ,in,.
on |.n iiiluint-. und wanted » cherlt fur
iiil'J :u, Imihis tiie amount ias* brokmugti
{ nd eonirnl*M|oii»», We iImIim.iI that ln»
BtPHd *<r Maxwell owlntr any monny u»«
lompany whp Inrinbtfd to him-
MflnwHll Is whII Known In IneurtMire rlr=
HeM: H« now holds \i\e HBuncy of k fwo
n\Uw nimpanffcp, flnd while lie Is rthin«
t ...-u^b, »indnf flip pfiri»orH(9 tills of »hn
i, \h ftiHNWPlI ('oiniiBny. lie |* the nuin
<u the helm, I'lPhler, hltJ f^nreseittailve,
roiild fiot hIvm the i»»me!i of tite etheri
<**wm\#& wllh Mnxwell in the cori>iH ! t4<
lien, inn rfcftilPti Dip fafi iii,,t UorHi-e
Wilsttn nnd a inr.il mimed June* wri.. ni
one time or rtfiolhep Iftteresled tn the
• ofnj.Miiy, IMthlei- admil!* (IimI ,. Might
dlfrpfelire ml«l1t h«Ve ft||*en thmtmli W
forM of eome bMoliiiefper nliii 111 fr>lfi^Uf*
ntice HdjuRtn^hin, ittii tlnlmn »li«t
everything IK ..tin nvlcr. n ll Hulit.
"Inxtead of the .1. D. Maxwell Company
belni; Indebted to the (.'ontlnental Imtur
nnce Company, the Contlnenlnl Innur
¦net Company owch tln< J, D. Maxwell
Company %\i*i in brokfrag* 1 torn. Wo
have m contract to nettlo within ><lxty
ony»«, but rometlm"*** our cnllectlnrM are
not inii.lo iih prompt ly nt> we could wish.
On February 12 we nettled our accountu
to December 1. There In outKtnndlng and
due the Continental hiKiirunce Company
for the month of December 11122 IH, while
on btmlnf"** ulnrc thut dnte there Is due
the J. 15. Maxwell Company for pre
mtumx J^4'J5. Wh««n nettled wo will be
entitled to th<» 1400 mentioned.
A KurprJw wiin Npnm« In Inwirnnee clr-
M* ypitcrday when It became Known
iiwii tho iik«-iii-,v of lha <'Miiilit--niitl iriNiir*
nno«* «'<impnny «i| New York hnd bcon
tnkrn n.w«y rn.m ill.- J. 1>. Mhxw«<II «'uiu
ptifiv, which hnn bfon 1 1 •* repreientatlvo
in Han Kruno I pro nml Alum<*t1it eountlei
for it number of >r»r». The presence on
Ihlr. ., .net of i!.-n||!>' Kline, lilt* IHMI'Tlit
iiiiiii.u:«! of tii" eompuny, wliot>t« Itend
'(iKiM.t.. U ill cMlliilK". HIUl 111" HUllt'
innry ttctlon inttfii by him in puilil.uly
removing \\w nurnr)' irom \\\* .1. Di Alux
well Oompnny hnv» kivui rlsp to nil aorta
nf i mm ih S8?J|5
On Monday urtcriiniiit Klitie mid 1/. \Vi
(iruvep. thn Htnte iiWtMit, with hrmiquftf*
icik In the MHIh lui.l.ilntf, ami their »U>
tornry, cuIIimi at tlm oillco <if the J. 1^<
Mnxwclt Cutnpnn>;i at 4Jt California
ktrctti mid niiior n iirtnninl for nn Immi'
illiili' ncUleinint nf iieeiniutB. Maxwell,
the prcKltiint nt Hie cuinpiuiy, whk nut
present, huvinif Ivpii continiMl to bin lioinu
lor nonn« tim<-. ill* • duuiiu'M durmn Iuh
nbncr.ee wns oonciiictrd i»y t'linrlca J'lclt-
Irr. the pociftnry uiui ciiMiilpr.
The fnllowiiiK morniMK. u" '»** rf|»»rtn
nnd nettlrtnrnt drmanU'<i wen- not torth
rniniiK., \\w jiKcncy, to fur a;« the J. 1).
Miixw.ll Company w»n concerned, wim
Kuwppuned. On Nvediu-Moay the J. 1). Mnx
w«'ii <*ompuny nulgncd «k uKcnt», nnd the
«¦• -mikh/ii l«m waa piomptiy inr^picd. The
dHf«r«ncc between ilw ogentH und tin?
company In vnrlounly placed nt flgurr^
\iiryinu" from »lioo 10 i-ncw. The vxiict
.imotmt cannot \\*> delcrmlned until the
expert* conclude the exnmlnntlon of Hip
boolcn.
"I nni not in a position to maun Q
cnmpioie KtJilenieiit ut prewnt," i«nld
It. \V. Qrave*, tin- 8tnt«. aui-nt of tne
».'ontlnontnl lnnurunci> i'oinpany, yeattr*
day. "Mr, Kline, the general Western
.iKenl of ihn rompnny. our attorney and
my»flf mude ii formal drmiind for a net
tlcment of tin* mfent'H ucc«nint» em Mon
dny. Wo did not get them, nnd on
Turf day wuupcnded the agi'ticy. On
W«'rtn»*K«lny we received the rei*i*rnatlnn
of the HK«-nti«. 8o far we have taken no
furtlwir nlop* In the matter. We d<» not
want to do an Injustice i i Mr. Muxwell
and cannot fay anything to Injure his
HtnndlnK. We Know there In ft dlNcrep
nncy. that &1nxw(«ll hnn been Bick nnd
linn been unfortunate In Home land «p<.cu
•p.tlon*. We will probably be In a posi
tion tn Hpcuk definitely In regard to thn
matter by tho end of the week. Seen*
tnry IMrkler of the .1. I). Maxwell Com
pany *u>"M thnt everything In all right."
J. I). Maxwell, who hu* recently re
moved from I)elV«dere to lfM7 McAllister
Htreet. wnn not to b«- noen la«t night, but
Oharlex 1'lckler, who bun charge of IiIh
bUKtnexH nnd rr^l'l'f* In tho »nmo Iioumc,
mnde the following; i-lnti'munt ni» the rep
rei«cntatlve of Mnxwoil:
Differences in Accounts Said
to Be Cause of This Sum
mary Action,
J. D. Maxwell Company
Is Relieved of the
Continental.
CHANGE AGENCY
VERY SUDDENLY
Talk over the details while, you lunch nt
the Cafe Klukund. .•¦*
February of this year has been even
better than January In tho picture and
frame business. We did not think It
would be possible, but an the new styles
nf frame* become better known the trad«
steadily Increased. A cordial Invitation
¦to fxamlno tha new things In extended to
all. Hanborn, .Vall & Co., 711 Market at. •
Pictures and Frames.
Neil McBrlde. i years of age, residing
With his parents at 1308 Folsom street
was severely bitten by a vicious dog at
the corner of Ninth and Folsom streets
yesterday. The boy wag stroking tho dog
on the head when It turned upon him
and bit him on the face. Dr. Barbat. wh«
attended to the lad. found him Buffering
from a badly lacerated mouth. Tha doir
waa secured by Policeman Clancy.
Bitten by Vicious Dog.
A 12-year-old boy named Edmunds had
a narrow escape from death yesterday
noon at the corner of Bush and Powell
strt-ets. The boy stopped at Powell street
to : awalt the passing of a car. Immedi
ately behind the car and going in the oc
poalte direction to the boy was a buggy
occupied by a man. Immediately after
t he car started up the passers-by wero
.horrified -to see the boy underneath the
buggy writhing ;ih though his head were
beneath the front wheel. Ha was extrl
cated_ from hid dangerous position and
* h h Ome wlth no mor<3 da mage than a
Boy's Narrow Escape.
James A. Delehay was .booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
burglary. About 3 o'clock Wednesday
morning he broke into the San Francalco
Verein building. Post and Leavenworth
streets. He was discovered by some of
the employes, captured and locked up In
a room till Detectives Wren and Bailey
arrived from - police headquarters and
took' him into . custody.
Delehay Arrested for Burglary.
The Bertellng Optical Co. at 16 Kearny
street makes a specialty of the latest de
vices for causing glasses to be an orna
ment to the features. .
To adjust spectacle frames properly. N<>
matter how, well glasses may be fitted
they will not give satisfaction If the
frames do not hold them before the evos
at the proper angle. ycs
Great Skill Bequircd
.In. the recount of the election returns
yesterday and last night Precincts 2 and
3 of the Thirty-eighth District and Pre
cincts 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 18 of the
Thirty-ninth District were counted. Fol
lowing are the results as far as the count
has proceeded: .
;• - ,'¦•.: Official. I.OSS to Present
.'•-•¦ : -¦ Vote. Date. Standing.
.George. Aimers. ......15.IM0 \)TZ 15,018
Fred- N.. Bent. . . . .'.li;,112 N77 15,2:("i
Fred , Egsrers . .'. . 15,i)5:j 057 . 14,U!)li
¦.Horace Wilson. . . . : .i»t,r>17 • K.I5 15.6S2
John Ccgrhlan 15,U8ti 458 15.22S
iThomas Reagan .. ..15,4:14 ' 470 14,!)55
Ed I, Walsh. ;.;..-. 16, 88H 459 . 15,427
Thomas F. Finn.". .15,505 447 15,148
Thirty-Eighth, and Thirty-
Ninth Districts.
Republicans Continue to Lose in the
P.ESULTS OF RECOUNT
OF ELECTION RETURNS
It Is said that information has been
received, that the child Is In \ the keeping
of Annie Boulton.iwho has lived recently
at the home of Mrs. Saint-Marie at 883
Eddy street In this city. Officer McMur
ray of the society says that Mrs. Saint-
Marie admits that Annie Boulton lived
with her some time ago, but says she has
now left the house.
Mrs. Dunn is said to be a woman of
slender means. Her husband died about
live months ago. Her child was born at
Mrs. Funke's Hospital three months later.
Sho states that while there Mrs. Funke
induced her to surrender the child on the
ptcmise that it would be. well taken care
o£ by some people who wished to adopt
it. When Mrs. Dunn had recovered and
had earned some money she wanted the
child returned to her and sought out Mrs.
Funke for that purpose. The latter. It Is
alleged, refused to furnish any informa
tion as to the baby's whereabouts and so
the Investigation was instituted.
Secretary White of the Society for tho
Prevention of Cruelty to Children has
commenced a search for the 2 months
old child of Mrs. Dunn of Oakland,
who claims that the little one Is wrong
fully kept away from her. It is stated by
th« mother that Mrs. Emily Funke, who
keeps a lying-in hospital at 1416 Eighth
street. Alameda, Is responsible for the dlf
liculty. It is said that prominent people
of Oakland have become interested In the
matter and that Attorney Bernard P. Mil
ler of that city has been employed by
them to see that the difficulty Is adjusted
in a satisfactory manner.
Is Wrongfully Kept Away
Trom Her.
Mrs. Dunn Alleges That Her Baby
OAKLAND WOMAN WANTS
TO EECOVER HER CHILD
At Nolan's and Kelly's Hvery stables It.
wasj3tated yesterday that Crowther was
indebted to them In small sums, and he
Is, supposed to have outstanding accounts
in other quarters.
. t.rowther'* father arrived In San Krun
oluco. two. weeks ago and stopped at tli«
Palace Hotel and Is now In New York.
Crowther, nt that time stated that his son
¦ would have to depend on' his own efforts
to make a living, no he had given him all
tile assistance he could. •'
1 It la thought that young Crowther's rel
ntlveK will help him out of his trouble
and. ship him back to the Orient, where
Fxiclal attractions will not prove as dls
fU't.rous to him as they have In San Fran
cisco. . - ' - .
His FriondB May Help Him.
il M'iih, learned yenlenlay that Cfrowthet 1
wan foimerly employed in a imuk in
Kobe, .laimii, nnd that Mm fill her hud s"ent
him. to. :thls .country lo nturt In biiMlueKH
f'"' •himself after Hiipplylntr him with
nititis.., lite young man was employed bv
Charles \V. l'lke of J24 California street
lor I wo weeks as a correspondent on tho
I'j'i'ominendntlon of the Anglo-Callfornlan
itAiik, to whom Crowther had lelters of
Introduction.
f' w J, «iH|'tfni1ered it ta fiobliiHoii In' Day.
m nt of his Hcfoiint of |tjo, Jie asked i\w
J!*» J/'tlMu*;** in r-HHtt, hut ItobliiNon save
Hiwiltec his oheek for the Hinount, Thmi
1L 1 . 1 ,!! •! l V M . hl ''''"W 11 '^ went, «nd that
won the !,ip| ftipti 0 ( Ititii,
JjmH.v j'eNierdny inornins Landlord
ilank and presented the check he had
reui'ived moo L'rowther,. It wjih drawn
BV Wi«l), V neeiit iii 'favnr nf J, l J ollatd
( . ; i ''twiber, wiio inn! in turn Indoised it to
ItoMnsoll, The. cashW of (he bank 111
ionnpi Mnld/sou that ihe liheck was no
1,'tirul. Vlni'«'»f|. not below known there.
¦ iti.'blnson tlipu visited his own bank,
Sloppid payment on |Iih eh"ek for $ti) that
in' Imil - Klvi'ii Crowtlicr as ebaiiKe no. I
swtite out a warrant for Crowtlur's ar-
With w flourish Crowther produced ft .
check on Wells, ¦FarffO'&'Co.'s Bank for
On Wednesday night Crowther re
turned to tho hotPl and found hlH.room
had been rented. He stormed around ana
declared that ho had be/»n insulted nnrt
would movo away, Landlord Robinson rc
quested that hJs account be settled otq
any belongings wore removed from th«j
hotel, I Tf'iiiiP'llliwi'Tlf Htll m
When Crowther was presented with, his
account on Tuesday evening he was very
indignant and haughty. He was given
until 2 p. m. on Wednesday. to settle; and
told that hia room door would be locked
against him If he did not, ¦, .,
Crowther Asked to Settle.
The suspicions of Landlord Robinson
and his .wife vthat Crowther was not all
that he represented himself to be were
aroused. They thought it strange that a'
"rich tea plunter'and banker," as Crow
ther claimed to.be, should have trouble
with his laundry over a single dress shlfrt.
Mrs. Robinson on many occasions heard
Crowther telephoning to a laundry, de
manding that his "dress shirt be sent
home at once," and she wondered .why
the guest of the hotel could not afford -to
have sufficient apparel without having' to.
«end a solitary. shirt to be washed', every
day. •. . \,
Landlord Robinson and his wife learned
a. few days 'ago that Crowther was in
debt to livery stable keepers and deter
mined to collect their bill for board and
room. - ';,.'•
After staying at the Knickerbocker. Ho
tel for one. month Crowther was' pre
sented with a bill for the balance owed
by lilm. and Landlord J. A. Robinson had
considerable difficulty in securing ita
liquidation. The account -was for $110 and
Crowther managed to pay $100, leaving
$10 due at that time.
Crowther alwnye ordered wine at din
ner, and/ one evening he gave a dinner to
a dozen of the younger society set,'- the,
scene of the festivity being the private
dining-room of the Knickerbocker Hotel.
Rumor hath it that wine Jlowed freely,
but "expense" was nothing to the young
man from Japan. • ; , ', .•;.
Ordered V/ino at Dinner.
After remaining at tho' California. Hotel
for two weeks Crowthor took up hlM r«?sl»
dence nt the Knickerbocker Hotel on Van
Ne«s avenue and proceeded tu live' at a
rapid gall. He patronized Hvery stables
In the vicinity. and not a day passed with
out a number, nt- young society girls be
ing IiIh guests for a drive.
Crowthcr did not hosltuto to. tell of
vast tea plantations that he owned at
.liip.m. ami Incidentally threw In a "bank
liiK-bons"" as /me of his possessions, .,
He' wum looked' upon an a K f >t'd "cotcn'.'i
l.y match-makinK mothers and was enter-,
talned In lavish manner In conscnt'innec.
(.'towthet- Is iibutit ¦ 2fi yeatS old niid if*
tlved In thin city fioiu Japitu two months
8Ko, His father Is a welNkooWll mer*
i limit of Kobe, and young (.'rowlber citmo
to Hun Kranelscii with uood , cteili'iillulS*
He put Up at the California Hotel ami
had no dllllculty In securing ¦thi» entren to
I he exclusive net, At the I'residlo hops
and at the dances ol the l'"oi liili;liily Club
und Lu Jeunesse Cotillon C/OWtnef wns a
prominent flKuruanrl his , bureau KlaM
was adorned with ln\llnllons ' tu pink
tias, reeeptlons. drives- and other.diver
sions of Han Kninelneo'8 representative
SPl. ¦'¦. i i ¦ I
SOVIET* circles were nlioelf*>d yea*
terday »o learn that J. Pollard
L'rowther, who for Hie last sIm
weekw has resided al the Kntek*
erbot'Hel' Hotel on Van N«'PN &VPa
nue, mid tin* been most atleiillve to tho
ytimm buds and belle* of the leggonj was
wanted by the police on n charge of paNN-
Iiih a liomiH ihei'k nn the laudlold of tho
I uBi'li v win !•¦ lie hnd lived, <
VOUNC1 MAN KIIOM JAPAN WHO I'OUND , S0Ull3Ti' hipjg in g AN
J'HANCJSC'O TOO HXPHNgiVB J''Oit IIIH MIJANB, HUT GQULD NOT
"LIST GO,"
His return Is anxiously awaited by the
singers and musicians, but his friends
feel confident that he. will not be able to
meet his obligations, as they say thati all
the money he possessed was the $1400 he
had saved while driving the ice wagon
When seen last night he said:
"Del Carlo had as good a show as one
would care to see, but the only trouble
was that the ghost-wouldn't walk."
Numerous calls at the home of Del
Carlo, 734 Broadway,, elicited from the
landlady that he left there about 3 o'clock
on Wednesday afternoon, leaving no word
as to where he was going, ana has not
been seen since.
Hunday nljtht the D<'1 Carlo Company
nun!" Its first appearance, the production
chosen bclntc "I/Amlco Krltz." Some Ml
people attended, half of them paying the
full price, the rest coming in .on compll
mentarics. llefore the show, tho musi
cians and company demanded their xalar-
U'M, but were put off with the promise that
they should be fully pnld before the next
show, whlcH was to come off Wednesday
nlRht. Not a bit discouraged at the frosty
llniincl.'il outlook, Del , Curio bravely
mounted the stage after the show jnd
announced to the audience that another
performance would be given Wednesday
evening, followed by > presentations on
Saturday and Sunday nights.
Wednesday night some 150 enthusiasts
from the Latin quarter, most of thf.m
"dead heads," appeared at the hall. Del
Carlo failed to put In an appearance, so
the musicians struck, and the manager
of the hall refused to let the curtain rise,
as no one had been paid from the star
down to the supers, the only payment
made by the would-be singer being for
the hall on Sunday night. The lights
went out and so did the audience. The
janitor locked the house up, swearing
never again to open It for stage aspirants
until he. had. received the usual compen
sation.
An ambition to beenma ft linger on the
nperwUe BtBSa ended tilaustroilPly Wertnesi*
riay for lUffftele Pel Carlo, when he hart
»q quit the life et &n impr^ftFlo, h§ n»d»
dpnly to§}« up, and r!*B from town to avuld
the ••hiii'Tiim imi=!i-i.iM=i tnitl lingers of
the Del Carlu Opern (.'unu'^ny, hs his «r>
gallliatlnn Wilt) I -I IK-'I.-
Del Unrlo, «f meieufie opera fame, has
Itfen fur the la?t seven years an U-e ven.
tier tu the inhabitant!) of "hittle Italy,"
and during this tjpilud managed to save
from his earnings some $1400, lie pos*
sttH§et1 m fiitr voice and an eMt?ellent am»
billon, While perched tin his Itje wa^un
he dieametl of better days and saw no
rca<ion Why an Iceman should iM"".nlly
be slow. All at once it tbtwtied upuit him
that the time to make Ills, great hit had
come, mill bin plans were hastily carried
out. He iiif.nn'il tl.e services of Miss
J •>- >|ili I in' Miio, a nn //.o Ropr.uio, as his
Hlar, nml the clever artists Miss Marln.
Welch, Mme, (Inlllanl. Ch*«v. I'b'tro Huer.l,
the tenor, (liullo ('orteni and Bl^nors Nil
poleoue and Hiirouill to sIok In the rum
jiany, An orchestra of twelve musician*
V.'iis orjianlzetl with Jlenrl ltocU'rman as
leader. The .vouuk Impresario ?•it»;>iw<i
I >. ' 'iiii?.;iiil tin nls iiMHiHiiint imhI inlt r
proter. The Udd I-Vllows' I lull w.is en
k ik'-iI for the show.
t.xmy Hi.'i waa nut In lid original pool,
li iiki.1i- nn offer yea|Bii1i4y to v<u i-iiua.! .m
Illla =,!,,< I. 'I hci H.Hrl.lil.llna nli.ii.: , ».id
listed hi m flnrt th«* Nvmileate «ff§rsi1 llt>»,
Al this* price many ehnreH, ec-n.-i.iii/ held
Id nittrtll lots, were hought in.
' I. VV. Hpllmtin whs instrueiert by thn
= m. ii. Hr. to buy all tho ttttii'tt that wan
tendered at the Union Trust Uompany's
offlt'KM and to pay par value fop H. Th«*
ii'M.kii.u firm was allowed tu tatto 83 <•¦»>*
nut tif every |luo fur the trouble of mak»
hm the •<-•¦'
With the ¦!• ¦!=:•' tif Mi" nlitstdlidlhit
ei.rk the «• . ,i t , 1 1 1 , » ,,|- it,., tiurehnse i.ri. ••
will be i.ii..i rrom I^O.OOU.uoi) tu nearly
WI.'KXi.noo. This step was taken on tha
imrt of the nyiitik'rtte so that nil thone who
Inn! tint th" n.|\ H'ltiiL-'" Of i: ¦ ¦ 1 1 1 ! > t. Intu thn
I" i'i| would I"- on the i.i in.- r ...ii im; as alt
th»* nther stockholders.
With this exception, nothlnff of any lni»
pnttiineo occurred In connection with th«
liitr ileni. J, M. I hi in... representing thn
Hi hi of Urown Itros. of Nvw York, ap«<nt
ii busy itny outlining th*> financial part
of thn deal
It Is (¦.-¦n.i.ilh- roticeib'd that wb-n tli->
Jl.lltltnnie syinllcatr tukps possession ut
the i>>. i. l.i nn .March 'is It will have $((>,•
iioo.immi hack 4>f It. It i" well known that
a big portion nf this i«um will be sp<*nt
In needed Improvements. f)n«« of th« llrst
steps taken will be to substitute an under
ground electric system for the cable now
used on Market street. The Butter-street
lino will bo connected with the trunk line
on Market street and electricity substi
tuted as power.
The UaUlmOfft syndicate wants all tha
utnek <if thti AlHFkut Mir»^t lldllway t'nni.
SYNDICATE AFTER
ALL THE SHARES
OPERA LURES HIM
FROM ICE WAGON
Hi M, Jlui-nntt, seri'ptary of Man J^i-mi
i'lm'0 liiHirtP No, HH, IntPiiinlloniil Arhoi'Iii
lion nf MneliliilMlM. olllelHlly Informed tho
members of th« Metal Tnttlps Ansotlatlmi
yestetdiiy of the Hettleriient of the strike,
lie declared In his communication that
the, strike wan declared off liy secret bnl
nt and closed with the happy statement,
"hot peace nml (rood will prevail." This
Is the sentiment of nit the employers at
the present lime, and the entente eordlale
between the conlllctltur Inti-rests Is likely
hiioii to bo restored under the new con
ditions.
AVe iIpiiIIiip to iIIxcUmr tlilti innllpr with any
one, i 'oilfiller It ovpii
I'iiml ?ilegiRm§ Ai§ Bent.
To Hits Bi'otl ipltifiifil this answer 1 !
Yuh wiiuhl not think bo If you fully unties
HtMinl Hi" tllUMllntl:
On jftB following d«y Hpiuilei 1 llan'iirt
Mill tlllg Klt'Mill'lM
Wp riti Htj| H^h VDil In ImVR Inrtltfl 1 hllliHllllPii
III nllilllillliili, lltll HiM.'lv il.^Ilrll !,i.| (I) ||,f|
ami inii^iiii with tii- iVtiif^iitrtiivpft of uiir
tunniiiftpp lit Wan PrHhdMt'oi
To thl« Meoti replied i^ fullowsi
Telegrnin rocelvei). While thanking yon fur
Vi. in- uiiii.1 oflli-rM in i tut puMlln. ly ili'i'llim am; -
item inn, II»vb nearly full forou »i work, iru
uluillnn m«ny of thn old men,
On P Senator iiunna pent this
telegram j
I fs»F PBilnus !nlp(»h« l« belntr iimils hy yeHP
•!«' Imliiy I" HimI fir 'lic.tl with ItibiH oi|j,iiil*ii-
Ijilllb. All llll|.|M»Mltt rill|l|l:i:li:<| Wllh IMto'ltlll-
I*** »* |^..t rtl" llflW rM,M|i.i|.(l|H« Wltll H«
Wltli HMjll r.:ti||lb :
Tu ilil.s Scott sent the following reply;
BiiKgeitlnn cornea to me that striking Iron
woritiTH will return to work at onra If aaaured
that nuRHtlann Involved Will l>e referred tu our
i-oiiiniliiii! or thlrty-ulx. 1 in you tustea tu Much
uu arrangement?
The contention that the strike was de
clared ulT |icii(l|,iK in lilttutliiii of the illl
foroneew exIsthiK between the employers
und strikers Is denied by Scott. Iio «nya
that all overtures toward arbitration were
consistently Ignored by hlmi In support
of this ho displayed taveral telegrams re
lating to thn subject which passed be
tween himself und Senator Mark Hanna,
chairman of the federation arbitration
committee.
On February 4 Senator Hanna wired
Hcott as follows: ,. :. *,..
Hnnna Acts ns Mediator.
There In absolutely no prt'jii<llc« In our mind*
nRiiliiHt tho hirlicix. Wu will take buck Much
im wo limy itiTii from tlm>- to time until our
quoin, of .'lUOo m«n Im In the nhopM. W« liny
now about 'tli'ii men ut work nml nrn ihort
about 10(). Mnrarthur rnllcfl upon me* Monday
wit); n proponltlon to arbitrate the quriitlnn of
hour*, but wa Informed him that wn hint noth-
Ink to nrbltrntc. \Vi< declined to fc'unnmtnt n,,,
old widji' hi'Ih-iIuIx nntf the only nwiitmnee I
mini" wiiK llmt If the Onmpa anil Newport
Nfiwi p"iip|i« iniiiln an Mppiii'iitlnti to thn Olvlo
iM-ilciiitluii for an udjimtment of hour* nnd
\vmk>'m wn would not object. All men who nr«
now iiiln'ii hni'k by un muHt Hlilila by tin* old
uphedule' iim to hourH. The qui'atlun of wiikch
will be ronnldurinl Inter. "*
Henry T. Heott, president '«f the Union
Iron Works, mild yesterday that ho had
nothing to arbitrate with tho ntrlkors. All
machlnlstH unit others inTrptln« employ
ment at the works must do so with the
dlHtlnct understanding that tho rules now
In forco will govern all men employed
lloHumlng, he ttald:
It Is contended by the members of the
Iron Trades Council that tho strlko wan
declared olf ponding an adjustment of tho
trouble by tho arbitration committee of
the National Civic -Federation. This 1st
emphatically denied by the members of
tin! Mftul Trmli'H Ant*nclatlon, who de
cluro that thoro la nothhiK to arbltrnto
and tlint tho strikers will resume opern
ttotiN under the. schedule an to hours and
wages In forco prior to the Inauguration
of tho strike. - r ,: -.v"
Nothing to Arbitrate.
! At I lie ltlndon Iron Wbrks several bun
dred applications for relnatatcment were
filer]. During tho morning a baro half
dozen were put to work, and In tho after
noon Bomo twenty were 'toll) to show up
this morning. At tho other shops which
im« Identified with the Metal Trades As*
Boc.'ntion tho striking machinists were
cordially received. A conservative esti
mate of -those who went back fixes thu
flKUro at 1ph8 than 100.
Fully Huven hundred mm applied at the
Union iron Works yemerday for woru,
but only fifty-three wer§ accepted, The
other* with given to undoi'stand that they
might apply from day to day and that
they would bo given employment as clr
ciiniHtuiH'Mi might require. It Ib believed
that floveral weeks will olapao before ihu
lout of tho complement of tho Union Iron
Works' working forco will bo restored to
their old placca In tho shop.
Tt wan a iiuy of jubilation Among the
striking iiiiit'iiinlMtH yesterday, After a
period of Ullenens of nearly ten months
their strike hnd been declared off nit I
every man wn« free t© seeure employment
ir he could, Unfortunately the applicant
were mnny, but the plaeei to be filled
were few, Nearly 1000 men sought em
ployment with Hielr old Jinn* during tlin
tiny, but. of that number lent tlmn 100
were given the iioifttloiiit they vacated on
Way itO, IDOL
Employers Say There Is No
Question That Requires
Arbitration.
Men Returning to Work
Willingly Accept Old
Schedule. 1
IRON WORKERS
ARE SATISFIED
THE SAX TRAJS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAKCH 7, 190'J.
14
Young Man From , Japan Poses as Wealthy
Planter and Banker in Society Realm
and Fails to Liquidate Bills He Contracts
BOGUS CHECK IS PASSED
BY J. POLLARD CROWTHER
TAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
Ailing Womsa in Springtime Need
the Strengthening and Nour-
ishing Virtues of
PAINE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
A Case Where the Gr;at Medicine
Uestovvcd Vigor and Health
After Month* of Weok-
ncMH nnd Ku(fc)*ln^>
Observing «t»1 tntrlliB»i»t wom«n who
liny* ucnii I'.ilm'n (Vlrry Ctimpuuini linvf
imifd wrll Hip furl n»iU nn n rj»rlHB Bfd|'
rltm H uuli'Ulv rrB»il«K'H ihf bowHn, rlnirn
t!i« .wiiitfn of t ii«* ryri» of <h«' common
jaundiced look iiid givri* a bimmt of
lirnlth to \hr tntf Mini tt lirVrf |iot>rrK«r<d
brf<m<. Alinllur lfT1}ir*ri titit primf nt tliP
Invliriirallnn jiowrr of I'llnr'* OW-ry Com*
puuinl Ik Hf rJTrrt mi fhf piilur, whirl) lip-
cunrK full, f.rm nml rpj;ulnr. Wmk. rx«
hAUltodi i)»Tvn«». lrrltnbli» nml worried
wrmrn flnd thai I'ntnn'c (Vlrry Compound
COtl&teractl tin' i-xliunntltiK strain <if work
nr<l Want PI* It" ftnmij Inducement to th«"
dHlrale tlnnurn to tnkc tnntt nourtntimtntj
It Induce* tin- nerves nnd brain to f<'<>d
ihrniK<'lv»M more Mb.-rnlly. »n<1 It ««tirl«-hcn
thr t)lood and r«*a;ijhite* 1 1t«* How.
Mr* Nclllo Mono Taylor. Solon, O.,
iendi thi' fi)11n\vltiK 1 . •¦ 1 1 m-<jii:i 1 loiter for
lh« bencfil of weak muJ run down nromra:
"Borne rcara nco I hnd h tn-vrr** attack
«>f the errlpn* 1 which U-'i my hesd nnd
rplnc In a very hml ithap<*. Hntnetimi** 1
Iboilfht 1 flio»:M lone my mind 1 wai BO I
ncrvouM. I could not slrrp more thn it two
lumiK :« titRht. Aft^r ii year with the doc-
tor. I hnd run down no 1 welshed only one
hundred nnd nixtorn pound*. 1 then bf-
enn on PaJno'f Celery Comixiund, nnd
that cni'.'it n><*<llcln<' ctir<>ii mo nnd built
me up to (ux- hundred and fifty pound*. 1
veuld not br iillve to-day had It not been
for the Compound. ,lt cure* all nerve
trouble*."
VJl vullUll C o),irr. Will not crock f ur emut.
fftntill jirloer and «m«1l adv., but tljr ifrr-Mt-
ret jiln # id r>n\r rvrr held on th* eiumt, A wwr
rxmtly 1h» »nin.. .<» .iIT.-» <••! nn n |i:it|:nln hv
oihrni for *]N.!, w<« will h. || you for »:is. >|1
«ithr-r« <'orrrn|K.t«1lnaty l'»w. Why mn we «lv^
Uir,p |lf'|r*»7 )<.¦.'¦, iii.,. w» »||. thr , m |y ,Urt*i
ftjrmry rr|>rrnrntntlv<>i« on the I'arine- c,,.,,!
>«"'tiin wnntfd 4>\*r)-wher«*.
MTKINWAYH. I
riucKnhiNaa. [ * r O>n oit)O
hauj:t a iiavjh j to $850.
CO., Oeary at., opp. 1'ntun Square.
«oooooooo«o*ot>««oooe*oo«99oec>oeeoo<»eoe9eoe;
frsday and Saturday!
¦C* ii ii b jf~^ Sad f* <
bPEtlALS. j
GOLDEN GATE j
EASTER STYLES I
NOW READY. j
WHOLESALE PRICES.!
Special for Two Days. |
Si^.oo ETON TAILOR SUITS, (some sizes !
missing). . . . . , $IOOO !
$20.00 NOVELTY SUITS, all sizes.. $15.00 '
522.^o VELVET TRIMMED TAILOR SUiTS.. $15.00 !
$27.^0 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS. . . .... .. .$20.00 |
MOIRE ANTIQUE fo-INCH LONG COATS . . .-. !
• $12.50 and $15.00 j
54.00 TRIMMED VENETIAN SKIRTS, navy, tan j
and brown j;' .....;.. $3.00 \
56.^o Extra Quality BLACK TRIMMED SKIRTS.$5.00 J
1230-1232-1234 Market Street. \
KEITH'S
Spring Opening
5 o!
PATTERN HATS,
BONNETS
AND NOVELTIES H
Friday end Saturday,
March 7th and 8 h.
We will on above dates display
an extensive line of the best creation,
o( famous Parisian and New York i
modistes, which have be^n selecte:!
by Mme. Alma E. Keith while in
New York.
Unusual caro fias been taken bv
Mme. Keith in selecting the stock of
flowers, feather j, laces, chiffons, ma-
lines, silks, ribbons, velvets and or-
Remcinber your wants can bcit be
supplied by a large house.
Ksith's, 808 Market Sf n Phrlan B uildinj
NOT .CG t
-*n***$P& n CE< MAYtRLE. ,
M/^^S\ <:«rm:u» x;..-rt Optician. KnV
M.^ajprjyy not it »«1. but remain* «i
"^ ltfTX Market air*"*-
ADVEETISEMEjSTTS.
mT the
IT NAUTICAL
SWEET! CHAP
¦ r0 * - Swiisk 53 * You have only to picture In jmt
n n.*?*"" , s ., . - mind the very smartest of Sailor Salts
Aln t it cunning? That Little Suit in the highest grade of serge, made In
up there. The little fellow hopes to the highest class style; give your mind
took like papa, and that Little Suit w idc scope and think of suits worth
helps him to look that way. It's awful $7.00 and $8.00, and your wish and
sweet, in those very pretty Greenish your dream will be gratified at
Cheviots, which are so swell for spring.. &><¦% nr
It has .its pretty little vest, with em- U 0*5
broidery on it; one of the smartest ** .« ,
Little Suits we have shown up this The very smartest of Sailors, in Red,
spring, for chaps between the ages of in the new shade of Red, in the Royal,
3 and 8, and it's an awfully ridiculous in the Tan, in the Navy, all sorts of
price we're going to quote for it, but braid treatment,
it's only for Friday and Saturday, and A world of pretty things ; you can't
it may be only for Friday; it all de- imagine smarter Sailors, made from
pends how you crowd us, and it's a the highest grade of serge, and please.
Suit worth $3.50 easily; my dear lady, bear it in mind that all
. of these fashions are exclusive and
V I A 0 cannot be had in other stores at any
J) 1 4O priC€ ' anc * t^y'tt yours at
n j / j
The second floor is just weighted to TZllJT
its full capacity with bright new Easter Confirmation and First Communion
fashions. Suits and Fixings. We're headquarters.
a^k l\ \ £ oq^^™~^ ~" ' >^ "THAI
The Smart Easter Hat Fashions for Little Gentlemen Are Ready.