no_textTHE SIOTDAY OAIili.
«"f TJRRAH for the bathing girl again.
I \ This year she has come with more
I I vim than ever before and she has
X, I firmly announced that she Intends
+S to stay forever and aye.
Several summers back it was consider
ed the proper caper to take a drayload
of trunks to the seaside and stay there
as long as swelldom did. And in one of
the many trunks there was a dapper lit
tle suit that was popularly supposed to
sport with the big breakers that tried to
get frolicsome. Sometimes it did get wet,
but purely by accident; but it was not ac
cident that sent the same frock to the
water's edge day after day. No, that
was vanity.
But this year things hare been wholly
different. Bathing costumes have a com
bined duty— serviccableness and dainti
ness. How many girlg jknow how to
swim these days? Nearly all of them; in
fact, the girl who cannot tumble about
in the water is an exception these days.
Tank swimming has been so popular all
winter and so many impromptu little par-
ties have been made up on the spur of
the moment, that even the stragglers
knew it was high time for them, to make
a bluff at it anyhow.
Visit any of the tanks any night and
see the people enter the water. A chap
may dive In, and so may his sister, for
that matter, but she will generally climb
down the steps until she has felt the wa
ter and is half way in and then away she
goes every bit as gracefully as her
brother. She swims the breast stroke for
a while and then tries it over and over
until she catches up with him, and then
as like as not she will turn over on her
back and try floating for a time, just by
way of variety.
After fooling about for a' while up she
goes on the rings and with great swings
circles the tank until at last she is com
pelled to scramble back on the boards or
go into the water head first. Which does
she do? Without an instant's hesitation
she gives a good swing, throws up her
arms and slides into the water as easily
as any mermaid could.
That Is the bathing girl of 1902.
When such sport is considered a part
of her regular exercise, naturally she
must have some suit that Is distinctly her
own and that was made with a view to
suit her particular requirements. For if
there is one thing under the shining sun
that is more trying another, that
thing is a bathing suit.
After they are wet they cling 1 and stick
as closely as possible and the young lady
who has not the figure of Venus feels
rather shy at displaying all her defects
bo openly. .
But there are suits for everybody nowa
days. Visit Gantner & Mattern's and see
how they have taken the heavy and slen
der woman into careful consideration.
The stout woman, for Instance, should
wear a knitted, ,,woolen suit. ' The wool
clings and, what' makes it infinitely more
comfortable, it feels- much warmer and
more pleasant when in or out of the wa
ter. If one steps out to' go down the
the cold air does not rush in and
rive that nasty, clammy feeling that is
so apt to accompany mohair.
Instead of wearing bloomers, tights are
substituted and the best swimmers say
that nothing else comes anywhere near
them. If stockln g-s are wanted the tights
are made full length and the feet are in
certed, which make them delightfully
convenient. But they are j really not as
serviceable as ordinary hosiery, for no
matter how good the wool may be, there
Is more wear and tear on the soles of the
stockings than anywhere else, and while
the combination suits look smarter It is
cheaper to wear stockings.
Black or dark blue wool is tha best
color for heavy people, as both of them
have a tendency to reduce size. The best
and most swagger appearing ones are
buttoned up the back. The color, that
serves as:, a trimming' is woven in in the
form of a yoke and it is found- on the
bottom of the skirt and about the sleeves,
with just a suspicion abo.ut the collar,
ior most of these suits, by the- way, are
made with a tiny standing-up collar.
"When such a suit is donned it would tuke
a whale of a girl to look very large, and
it is one of the most useful and dressy
that one can buy, besides being the most
expensive.
But the wool may not constitute an en
tire suit, however. Frequently the tights
are used with a mohair top. In the ma^
Jorlty of cases the trousers extend a
little below the knee and are not supposed
to be worn with any hosiery. dark red
or a wine made up with whit© is the most
fetching ever when worn by a brunette.
The skirt should be very full and box
pleats fit about the hips and are tucked
into the white stitched band. About six
inches of the white, with several rows of
red braid, finish the skirt as prettily as
anything and add nothing to its weight,
¦which means a great deal in this kind
of a frock.
And speaking of skirts, "whatever else
you do, do not have them that ungainly,
wretched length that makes of the pret
tiest girl a fright.- Have it short— the
shorter the better. Never below the
knees, for then it loses that something
which smart folks call chic.
jailor collars have been and always will
be just the right thing for the water.
Even they vary slightly in style. One
may be fastened Fnugly at the throat and
be absolutely guiltless of ornamentation,
•while the next one may be V-shappd and
a mass of applique work. Again it may
be square or it may be circular; it may
fasten over a vest and again it may bo
the only trimming the suit boasts of.
"Vests are coming In now, and right
swell they are, too. Take a dark blue
mohair, put a white tucked vest that
reaches from the throat to the waist
and that is fastened with tiny pearl but
tons, a wide collar of the blue with
straps of the white that gradually grows
smaller and smaller until it is lost in
the vest, and you have one of the most
swagger suits that has ever been turned
out.
For the girl who has more money than
she knows what to do with, the entire
costume of white has been made. Truly
it is a dear, but alas and alack! it does
not remain such long. "When trimmed
with black and white braid and when
worn with black stockings, white kid
beach shoes and a black and white silk
cap, nothing can be more stunning.
By the way, the bathing suit is only a
beginning; it is the accessories that cost.
There are the cutest slippers of kid. hel.l
in place by ribbons. They come in col
ors, but the white ones are the- most
worn. Ldttle holds them, bo th»t If ths
¦water gets In it can promptly run out
again.
Stockings need not swell the price list,
as they are promptly being relegated to
the past, and for a good reason, too.
They only add more weight, and they
are always in rags and tags, which does
not improve one's appearance in the
least.
And there Is something new In caps,
also. The plain yellow rubber cap i3
all well enough, but no one ever thinks
of disputing the. fact that it is the ugli
est thins ever invented, and, as a con
sequence,, colored silk handkerchiefs are
always worn over them. , Eut the new
est cap does away with all the trouble.
It is a combination affair that works like
a charm. No water and no 'kerchief. In
shape it is triangular, and looks for all
the world like a piece of plaid oil silk.
The cap part is inside, and Is of tha
regulation rubber, but the under part
that shows is of the material, and ties
into a dog-ear bow.» It looks chic,- feel-*
comfortable and gives one a delicious
sense of spruceness.
2
The Summer Bathing Costumes¦ something like the Vienna cream biscuit*,
but they differ in that they are- hard, b'u*
are never tough. »
\ "With such an assortment of canned
. goods as are offered . on every side and
with the travelling butcher visiting you
every morning, camping has been reduced
to a modern science.
Larkspur Is one of the most picturesqti»
stations In the valley. There are shady
lanes that tempt one Into pretty little*
canyons, there Is the long stretch of water
that constantly offers an Invitation .to
visit it and the massive hulk of Tamalpals
always seems beckoning one to try moun
tain climbing and see what hard work" it
really Is.
Escalle does not offer muclr fiT the Una
of camping, although It is strong when it
comes to ark life. Ark after ark is towed
up the stream until it reaches the "Holy
City," as it has been dubbed, and there
It casts its anchor and swings idly In the
stream while its Inhabitants- fritterYthe"
summer away.
But that is not all that the "Holy City"
Is famous for by any means.. There is
plenty of good cheer freely flowing and
unbounded hospitality.' V." ;':¦'" »
Kent and Ross- are good places to -wheel,
ride or drive as there is a fine stretch" of
three or four miles that seems put there
for that very reason. It is fine and daisy
to camp in that vicinity as the eating
question Is'hot'of the slightest conse
quence, for there are a number of farm
houses about that make a business of tak
ing boarders for the summer months-, and.
as a rule, they are only too glad to take
the- co'tattacr-of filling 1 up any stray people
that come their way.
San Anselmo has taken on too much the
air of a fashionable resort to make the
wild and woolly -rag -tags feel.*entirelx at
home, unless there ase a crowd of them,
and then look out. for they will dare do
anything and get sport out of the daring.
And . then there is some ' picturesque
scenery and West' End is reached and, last
cf all, comes the pretty little ,eity qf San
Rafael. There the sweet fragrance ot
honeysuckle and roses fills the air and
summer cottages overgrown with vines
greet the eye., but the number of people
, to the square mile is too large to ex
-actly suit the Idler; the merry clatter of
horses* hoofs and the faint echo of the
horn remind him that the world is. filled
with strife, that its inhabitants are too
busy to ever stop' a moment to rest, and
last of all he is gently told that he has
wandered too far from his haunts and
that it Is high time for him to turn his
back on the world and all its frivolities
and return to his hostess — Dame Nature.
tbert and really needed . a guide. Or in
the , early.- morning -when • everything ¦ Is
beautifully ,fresh - and life is gay and a
walk-. doVnV the ihillr does not seem any
great trial. But after a day'svwork,; when
the Inner-man has not been*' fully pleased,
going after Water is very apt to throw; a
deep gloom over the entire camp.-
The Ipacking-up time *9 the most try
ing of any and it requires, an expert to
know exactly what to take and what to
leave at home. People who have trav-
rule, never take more than you abso
lutely, need. Too much | luggage merely
proves a burden. Whatever else you leave
behind be sure to carry along plenty to
appease' the appetite, and It is often a
wise precaution that sometimes people' get
thirsty as well.
If you have to invest In an outfit try the
sleeping, bags instead of. mattresses or
cots. They take up ever so much Ies3
room and are comfortable and warm.
Generally they are made of canvas and
eled across the plains an* who , have
camped all their days have one fixed
are lined with fhree thicknesses of wool
blanket which are fastened in snugly.
some pretty girl chanced to be \ visiting
>our sister and she didn't know the way
ening of the breath and a rosy color and
sparkling eyes. All of. which are not half
bad, but which'never last-very long after
i.Le camp has been deserted. ' .' \
How much" do you suppose all this glory
costs? Not very much. Thatjis decidedly
another attraction. Almost anywhere in
that valley one may select any spot that
he chooses, pay $3 dash down and should
er absolutely no responsibility. • The ; wa
ter question has been settled and all you
have s to do is to see that the stream or
pipes are not too*far from camp, as carry
ing pailful after pailful half a mile is no
joke. It might be in the early evening if
in which to
spend y©ur
« nat is ed rare as & cay In June?
TEen if ever coma perfect <Uiys.
aXD it is just those very selfsame.
delightful days that pleased
Lowell so .much that pleases the
camper — it is just those very days
when the air is soft and baliny
that he wants to enjoy in the woods, and
ccnsequenijy ma_n is in evidence every
•» here.
The great majority of business men who
toil frcm early morning until late at
lught see no opportunity to visit Dame
Mature in her own drawing- room. The
oJd savin?, "Business before pleasure."
is ever on their lips, when, nine times out
of ten. they should say health before
business.
But these same men can take a breath
pi country air every day if they really
ViH.r.1 to. and they can sleep just as near
the heart cf the earth as they please.
For San Franciscans are particularly for
tunate in having so many hour trips that
\z.rA one seemingly far from civilization.
Roes is perhaps the most popular of all
the neighboring valleys. If you don't
think it, just take the 6 boat over there
alrncst any night and see what a stream
cf people are patiently standing in line
waiting their turn to pass through the
gates. And the bundles! Ye gods! How
people can carry as much as an ordinary
rack mule is a puzzle forever.
Eut away they go. simply laden down
v.ith butter, meat and heaven knows what
that is needed and that cannot be bought
across the bay. Every once in a while a
bundle will stray and it takes half the
boat to restore it to its owner.
The campers say it is worth one's life
to drop anything on this side of the bay
cr on it, for that matter, for the simple
reason that nine out of ten people have
no free hand to assist their neighbor in
distress. But a man in trouble must be
helped, and one fellow gingerly stoops
and away goes his own tumbling after
the first and apparently having great
sport.
Probably if those bundles could talk
their conversation would be after this
fathion:
"Hi, there, Mr. Butter, run away as
fast as you can so the chap will put you
down a minute and we'll all slip."
"Well, I just guess I will," answered
the butter. "Just as soon as I get a
chance. Trust me."
k And then it promptly goes to work to
iaithfuliy carry out its promise.
t"Holu, on Jim; your butter Is seeing
¦ ho can run the fastest," a kind friend
will call out, and then all the listening
parcels are transferred while the state of
affairs is carefully considered and looked
iiito. Then up they all come again and 1
awav they all go crashity bang!
•T-bTeau!
Cut while the fresh air seeker has some
troubles, his pleasures more than offset
them. Almost anywhere from Sausalito
to San Rafael he may pitch a tent or rent
a tiny cottage. If the water is thoroughly
liked and swimming and boating counts
for much. Sausalito is found to be just ..
about right. Corte ilcidera is the flrsf
station beyond the tunnel and the people
who live there, and who really should
knuw, claim that the weather is not the
same en their tide as' it. is on the other.
No. rather not. One is fog and the other
Look about over there and see if you
not be satisfied and pleased with
IJ.-ie view, the air and tfce water. And ft
Is so caey to find any amount of fine
epots wheie one could pass a delightful
summer. One of the beauties of that
country is the fact that most of the land
to rent lies near the train and yet seem
ingly in the wilderness.
Turn in any direction and walk several
'Hocks and then blindly follow any path
that strikes your fancy. It may point up
ward or it may lead downward, but it will
nol make you tramp over half a mile at
the most before you will have found a
place that pleases you well.
Naturally, the view is infinitely better
the higher up one goes. And it isn't so
bad clambering up the hillside after the
feat has been accomplished once or twice.
Until the city air has been replaced with
pure, wholesome, sweet country air 'all
roads seem tiresome and everlasting, but
after a day or two there is only a quick-
After they are relaced there Is plenty of
room to curl up in -when you want to and
at the same time you will have one of the
snuggest bug-in-a-rug that has ever been
found. Under ordinary circumstances It
Is quite warm enough. If there la any
hay about in your neighbor's field get
some and see what a decided difference it
makes in the softness, and besides there' is
a sweet, fresh perfume that makes it fit
for a, king.
Camp fires, excepting at night, are an
abomination, and they are not always
perfectly safe. A blue' flame oil stove '.is
easier to handle, is much Ies3 work and
it is very much cleaner. The frying: pans
and the pots are not forever and eternally
covered with soot and the hands are not
a mass of burns and blisters.
And the bane ef camp life has at last
been solved. Breadmaklng is not an every
day occurrence as enough can bo made to
last two or more weeks and be fresh as
long as any remains/- ¦
Probably a good housewife -would hold
up her hands In hcly horror, at such a
thought, but nevertheless that fact has
been accomplished, and what has been
successful once certainly ought to ..be
again. Sift as much whole wheat flour
as you want and to each six quarts add" a
pound of butter and salt to taste. "Work:
the butter into the flour exactly the same
; way as you do in making, biscuits ;_then
add enough water to make a stilt doush.
Any cook knows enough to add It a little
at a time or else there will be trouble
right away. After the dough has been
kneaded thoroughly, roll it out to about
three-fourths of an Inch thick and cut it
Into strips about an inch wide and as
long as you please.
They do not necessarily have to be ex
actly that shape, but they should be about
that size as the baking time is between
forty and forty-five minutes. As In all
good receipts there is a don't and this one
means everything. Don't cut the strips
until the oven is moderately heated and
ready for them, for as sure as fate if
they are left standing between the mak
ing and baking they will become soggy.
If well baked and properly kneaded they:
will be light and crisp.
Their flavor is delightfully creamy.
THE STTNDAY CALIi-
3
CAMPING GROUNDS WITHIN AN HOUR
OF SAN FRANCISCOTouching upon the witchcraft days in
Boston Town, the story smacks of com
edy; t but, as the scene changes to the
A romance that will appeal to those who
wish reading of stirring interest is "Her
alds of Empire," by Miss A. C. Laut, pub
lished by Appleton & Co., New York. It
Is In historical .vein, but not at all to the
detriment of the story. The tale. deals
with the adventures of Pierre Radlsson,
a character prominent in the times of the
Hudson Bay Fur Company, and with the
rivalry between France and England for
the control of. the great white wilderness
of the north. This man Is recorded in
history very little outside of his own writ-
Ings; but when contrasted. with the pup
pet'men of the court ¦ot Charles II and
of the French court, he stands out in won
derful relief as a man : of. Indomitable
pluck, courage and foresight, who pitted
himself against nations, and to whom the
matter of allegiance was a matter of ex
pediency. . .
Heralds of Empire.
The latest addition 'to Appleton's Town
and.Country. Library, is "A Welsh Witch,"
a novel by Allen Raine. In her new novel
the author portrays a phase of Welsh life
which is passing away. Upon her first ap
pearance on the scene "A Welsh Witch"
Is a girl of 15, wild, Ill-clad, uneducated,
driven out of doors by the harshness of a
drunken' father and the brutality of his
farm servants, hooted and' stoned as a
witch by the village children, but finding
her life and solace In the open air and
Bky, the fields, the sea and the affection
of her dog and other animals. | Her devel-'
opment from an untamed, . biting and
scratching outcast to the most lovable of
her sex is narrated in*a convincing : man
ner. The chief factors in her evolution
are her father's fatal illness and her love
for. the one soul that shows her any kind
ness, a handsome young farmer. .The love
story Is. well told and the delineation of
character Is capitally done. Price *L
A Welsh Witch.
portance. The need of popular informa
tion regarding this subject, presented in a
form comprehensive and practical but in
teresting, has prompted Professor Gifford
to prepare this book. It is based upon"
actual experience as well as scientific
knowledge, and also upon an acquaint
ance with the needs of the many different
classes of, those interested in the forests
for economic or partially sentimental rea
sons. The author explains simply and
clearly the points of practical Interest re
lating to soil, the growth of trees, their
care, their relation to the water supply,
the evils of wholesale cutting and the
practical value of judicious selection. He
places before the reader in his 'sketch of
forest distribution a most Interesting pic
ture of American woodlands, which em
phasizes the importance of a source not
only of wealth, but of safety,* much
neglected in past years. Aside from the
value of this book to spedial students and
to those interested in the forests for. eco
nomic reasons, the work is full of sug
gestions to owners of country, homes and.
to all who care for nature. Trees and for
estry are treated with an intimate knowl
edge and a breadth of view that give the
volume a distinctive character for educa
tional and practical purposes and for the
general reader^ Professor Gifford 1 s exten
sive field work has enabled him to select
unusually effective illustrations. Price
$1 20.
If Mr. Cable did not take the matter so
seriously it would be 'a pleasure to. enjoy
his book as a new species of farce bur
lesque. Possibly, as It is, he Intends to
perpetrate a huge joke on readers in gen-
Arthur WInslow, the young minister,
wins for his wife the charming Isabel
Morris, whose first and great mistake is
that, she did not marry the other man,
Leonard Bylngton. Leonard and Arthur
have been close friends from boyhood's
early days and even now an effort is made
to preserve this friendship. Arthur's in
sane jealousy, however, gets the better of
him, and though he has won, by means
not entirely honorable, the fair Isabel
from his best friend, still the green mon
ster gives him no rest and he suspects a
clandestine love exists between Leonard
and Isabel. He stoops to all sorts of pet
ty meannesses and spying to trap his wife
until he"makes life a burden for her and
himself as well. The climax Is reached
one night when, carrying his Jealousy
even Into his dreams, he gets up In his
sleep and carefully drowns a bundle of
bedding and a huge rock in the near-by
lake under the Impression that he is kill
ing his wife;' then he returns to the house
and proceeds to strangle his wife under
the impression that sne Is his rival, Leon
ard Bylngton. This the lady resents so
forcibly that he Is thrown across the
room and awakened from his sleep. The
wife hides under the bed while the hus
band goes back to the pond to see if the
rock that figured in his dream has been
moved from its resting place. In his ab
sence Isabel thinks out a scheme and
rushes off to her mother's house, leaving
her Infant child asleep in Its cradle and
at the mercy of this crazy man. It Is evl
•dently dear in the wife's mind that Mr.
Cable will take care of the child, but it is
doubted If any other mother placed In a
similar position would have left her babe.
But the author takes good care of the
child and Arthur WInslow returns to the
house fully under the impression that he
has killed his wife. The wife goes away
to a relative's house In the" South for a
few days and then comes back to stand
by the head of the crib for the dramatic
purpose of having her husband discover
her there when he thinks that she is ly
ing drowned at the bottom of the pond.
The plan works to the author's satisfac
tion and Arthur Winelow is so frightened
by what he considers an apparition of
wrath that he promptly proceeds to fall
downstairs on his head— so endeth the les-
Bon. ' ; , v . •
George W. Cable has never been truly
great, but he has at least had some good
work to his credit "Bylow Hill" will
give his credit marks a severe cut. It
tells the story of a minister who becomes
a monomaniac on the subject of Jealousy.
The best thing that the minister does is
to fall on his head at the root of a flight
of steps and leave the field open to a
better man.
Honorable members of the theatrical
profession will not thank Clara Morris
for this book; for coming from the pen of
a woman who has been one of the world's
stage favorites, unthinking people may
consider it as authoritative on such life.
"A Pasteboard Crown," from such a pen,
Is unfair, ungenerous and a gallery play
that deserves the hiss but not applause.
erosity, is after all but a drunken wreck.
The stage women who appear can well
be passed by without further comment.
F.'.M. Buckles & Co., New York. Price,
SI 25.
The Madness of Philip.
Anything from the pen of Josephine
Dodge Daskam is always good, and her
latest book is no exception to the general
rule. Miss Daskam Is wonderfully clever,
as has been shown by the variety, quan
tity and quality of her writings. This
latest volume from the press of McClure,
Phillips & Co., New York, Is called after
the first short story that appears on Its
table of contents — "The Madness of Phil
ip." Miss Daskam has a remarkably
keen appreciation of childhood and these
Interest the young people— the little fel
lows from 4 to 10 years of age. They
promise a series of letters called "The
Bifdalone," which should not only ap
peal to children as wonder, stories, but
should instill into them a love and proper
appreciation of dumb animals. Here is
their plan as announced:
"The letters purport to be written by
many hands and from many places in the
world actual and the land of imagination ;
Wise wood fairies tell of the forest and
its people; brown men and good moun
tain folk . narrate their adventures and
speak confldentiqfly of wonders; the trees,
brooks, grasses and flowers sing or talk;
dogs, cats and many dumb things tell
Mnxim Gorky, the Russian tramp nov
elist, Is said to be at his best in tho short
gtoiy. Cer'aln it is that he write3 with
groat power, but' his stylo *n the transla
tion is crude and the flavor of his stories,
both short and long, is morbid lo a de
gree. Gorky Is not healthy reading. A
book of his short stories, under the title
of "Twenty-six and One," has just been
published by J. F. Taylor & Co., New
York, that is quite characteristic of his
style, and if you have yet to niake the
acquaintance of the author will answer as
well as any others of his tales. The con
tents include three stories— "Twenty-nix
and One," "Tchelkache" and "Malva."
The first has for its theme the seduction
of a young girl by the strutting wiles of
an ex-soldier, who comes as >a baker In
an underground bakery and Is dared to
the conquest by his twenty-six fellow
Twenty-Six and One.
The picture here reproduced is from
a drawing by F. C. Yohn, in "Bylow
Hill," published by Charles Scrib
r.er's Sons, New York. Copyright,
1902.
Other features of the current number
of The Critic Include Mr. W. G. Colllng
wcod's paper on Ruskln's "Jump" and
Ruskin as a waterman in general, Mr.
Frank .Norris* second causerie under t»*
caption of "Salt and Sincerity," toget^r
with literary notes from London and tha
continent, and a "Lounger" which covers
current phases of life and letters, and
which is prefaced by a frontispiece of
Queen Wllhelmina from the admirably
executed relief by Mr. Henry Hudson Kit*
eon, the Boston sculptor.
Of somewhat the same scope, though of
course more critical and Interpretative, ia
the Rev. Stopford A. Brooke's third pa
per on "Browning's Treatment of Na
ture." Rev. Stopford Brooke traces th©
growth of Browning's appreciation of na
ture and its increasing deflnitenesa of ex
pression In his poetry in a manner both
logical and stimulating, the present paper
being one of the best of the series.
Judging by the season, and the subject,
the most appropriate contribution to the
June number of The Critic Is Mrs. Annie
Russell Marble's extensive paper entitled
"Where Thoreau Worked and Wandered."
Mrs. Marble here gives an accurate and
Interesting picture of Thoreau in hi3 va
rious favorite haunts in the neighbor
hood of Concord, Mass. * The poet-natur
alist's attitude toward nature 13 explained
at length, and the article is enlivened
by many admirable views of Thoreau'a
Concord and vicinity," especially taken by
A. W. Hosmer of Concord.
Benjamin Swift's latest book appears
under the title, "A Game of Love." The
story drags to a certain extent and it pos
sesses this peculiaraity, that ihe heroine
does not appear on the boards until half
the leaves have been turned over, : and
then it is easy to foretell the end of the
tale. Another point that is rather exas
perating to one is the number of charac
ters who divide honors with the real per
pcnages of the book and distract the read
er's attention I without giving him any
compensation therefor. There Is a starv
ing ' poet, . and then a i pickpocket, and
a miser, and a young man of the nobil
ity who cuts a ¦•¦wide swath . and then is
obliged. to eat his bread in repentance as
a groom.' 'The Jatier we 'find to ' be the
true'nerotofthie ftory^a'nd'»of course he
wins out in .the end— the beautiful Lady
Dorothy Barfield and the ducats of the
miser as.welL- The book. will entertain for
an. idle moment. Published by Charles
Scribner'e Sons, New York. 11.50.
The Game of Love.
Hamlin Garland gat the Idea which was
to develop into "The Captain of the- Gray-
Horse Troop," recently published by tha
Harpers, away back in 1S07. At that time
he went in company with a young lieu
tenant, who was stationed at Fort Custer,
to see him inspect a drove of cattle which
had been brought into the Crow Indian
agency for sale to the Government, fior
the use of the Indians. The lleutenaCi,
noting the poor condition of the animals,,
rejected the entire herd, in spite of tho
demonstrative anger of the cattlemen.
Mr. Garland was impressed by the un
daunted action and few words of the
young army officer, and the character of
Captain Curtis took form In hi3 mind. It
tet him wondering as to the possible pow
er of a man like that if he were appoint
ed Indian agent. The lieutenant who in
spired the thought is now a captain, and
Is the head of the Forestry Department
In the Philippines.
The American Book Company of New
York has just published "Animals at
Home," by Lillian L. Bartlett. This little
supplementary reader contains material
suitable for the fourth or fifth grades. In
simple style it gives sketches of the lives
and habits of twenty-five representative
birds, animals, fishes and insects. These
are most interestingly presented and spe
cial care has been taken to make the sub
ject matter correct. The author has gone
to reliable sources for information, and
used the descriptions of eye-witnesses for
many of the incidents. The book is at
tractively illustrated from drawings and
photographs, and will tend to awaken in
the! child an appreciation for nature and
a love of nature-study. This volume is
the latest addition to /the popular series
of Eclectic School Readings. Price, 45
cents. :^.UZ*(
Animals at Home.
Thrall's wife refuses to give him up, al
though she does not love her husband,
but purely out of spite forces him to rec
ognize her as his wife and to establish her
In his own home. Sybil finds that she
loves the man too much to part from him
forever and eo their secret love continues.
Such a state of affairs exists until Jim
Roberts, a broken-down hanger-on of
Thrall's, overhears a conversation from
which he draws the conclusion that Sybil
Is about to be deserted by the man she
loves, ar.d In a drunken frenzy Jim ends
It all by killing Thrall. Roberts also has
a etory of his own, for Thrall has. been
the ruin and death of Jim's only sister at
t time prior to the beginning of the 6tory.
From the above brief outline an esti-
Sybil learns stage routine In minor parts
In one of Thrall's companies out West,
and then finally returns to appear as a so
ciety debutante In the role of Juliet to
Thrall's Romeo. She does not know that
Thrall has been a married man for the
past ten years and that his wife is still
living in London. She falls a victim to
his wiles and only learns the truth when
another of his mistresses, through mad
jealousy and anonymous letters, brings
the true wife on the scene. Here Is a fine
chance for a climax . and the author
makes the most of It— the Interview be
tween Sybil and Thrall after the wife has
dramatically announced her presence by
appearing in a box -at the theater in the
midst of the play.
The elder daughter tries to redeem the
family fortunes and through the acquain
tance of Claire Morrell, an actress of re
nown (rather a close approximation to
"Clara Morris," Is It not?) she meets
Stewart Thrall, an actor of distinction, a
manager of ability and a man who has
already ruined the life of more than one
young ¦woman.
The author does some of her best work
in depicting the character of the wife,
this lodestone on the neck of a good man;
a selfish woman who would sacrifice her
own child to the licentious designs of an
old roue that she, the mother, might pro
fit by the daughter's sorrow. Fortunately
this woman lacks the brains to carry out
her fell designs, and Dorothy, the younger
daughter, becomes the wife of a noble and
true man.
The story itself deals with the struggles
of a well-bred and once wealthy family
in their fight against poverty. The father
Is one of those types of dear old gentle
men so well known. to us through Thack
eray's Colonel Xewcome. He is the true
gentleman of the old school, kind, cour
teous, considerate, but an easy mark for
schemers; so at the beginning of the
story we find him obliged to move into
obscurity with his two young daughters
end his fault-finding wife.
There is a certain consistency in the
character drawing, too, that shows the
authorship of one who has studied char*
acter and life through years of hard and
practical experience. A breach of this al
most perfect consistency occurs once, how
ever, in the story, and it is one that can
not be forgiven. The author finds it neces
sary to give her story a tragic end
ing, and has her hero-villain shot
down in the presence of the girl he
has wronged, but who has consent
ed to live with him a life of shame
because of the pure love she bears for
him. Any woman such as Sybil is shown
to be, who has given up all for a man.
¦would certainly not leave him when he
falls back dying in her arms; yet that is
exactly what the author forces her hero
ine to do. The reason for her so doing is,
of course, to clear her heroine's skirts
from, the scandal of the shooting and
have her story end with some possibility
of happiness, even though miserable at
the best. This part of the story is cer
tainly very lame in plausibility and most
unfortunate in reflecting discredit upon
otherwise excellent character drawing.
In "A Pasteboard Crown" it is easy to
seo the hand of the actress in the perfect
"stage business" of the book. The dia
logue is all practical— of the kind that
could be consistently spoken, even though
it often possesses the flavor of "gallery
play." The scenes that depict the reali
ties of stage life could not have been bet
ter done; for example, the description and
character work in that part which tells of
"The Costuming: of Juliet." The enthu
siasm of the old costumers, Lefcbvre and
Nonna Angelique, when they see the
model upon which they are to show u5:ir
skill, the turning out of boxes, thetryl?;?
on of this and that, the complete chan$a
of two old crabbed, commonplace people
Into inspired artists of their peculiar va
cation when they are given a subject
worthy of their work and professional
pride— all this is told as only one versed
In the mysteries can tell it.
THE two books of the week that will
probably attract the most attention
are two that the world could very
well do without— "A Pasteboard
Crown." by. Clara Morris, and "By
low Hill," by George W. Cable, published
by Charles Scribner's Sons, New York.
Every one will wish to read "A Paste
bcard Crown" because it is the first novel
of one who in her day has been a great
stage favorite; and. in turn, "Bylow Hill"
v.-ill receive a hearing because it is the
•work of an author who has enjoyed popu
lar favor and who has better books to
his credit. Both of these books are well
¦written, melodramatic trash, most de
pressing in motif and altogether unwhole
some in moral.
: Henry T.Coatea-& Co. of Philadelphia
have recently issued the initial volume uv
a new series designed specially for trav
elers, the Griffin series, published in half
limp covers.'. The type is large and alto
gether the series should prove most at
tractive ana handy for those who have
been deterred from carrying reading mat
ter with them on account Of its bulk and
inconveniently small type. The first vol
,ume of the series is "The Westcotes," by
A. T. Quiller-Couclu This story will be
found quite charming, for it is written in
Mr. Quiller-Couch's usual easy and enter
taining style. Some of this author's sto
ries are at times almost too morbid for
the average reader, but "this tale of awak
ening love in the heart of an old maid is
entirely beautiful in conception and rendi
tion. His heroine is a difficult type even
for. an experienced writer to handle, for
it is hard to take age and a plain face
and then hold the reader's attention while
you- weave a plausible and consistent love
story. This, however, Mr. Quiller-Couch
has done, and done well; and if the sub
sequent volumes, of the Griffin series' are
as good as this- first one is in appearance
and literary merit it will undoubtedly win
popular favor. Price, 51.
The "Westcotes.
bakers, who have always looked upon this
Elrl as, their own especial pride arid
charge. The story Is more filthy than in
teresting.. The others are proportionately
revolting.
A Millionaire's Love Story.
Another detective story • comes from
Guy Boothby, "A Millionaire's Love
Story." It is written in the usual vein af
fected by Mr. Boothby, plenty of compli
cation and adventure and rather interest
ing reading withal. Just enough plot and
excitement to carry you along without
too much effort or mental strain. This
time it is the adventures of George Kil
vert that hold center stage. He, with the
able assistance of Detective Burrell, car
ries on a search for the beautiful woman
of his heart's desire— the charming Mad
ame Cadew. Many dangers hover over the
trail and one murder impresses that fact
on the mind of the reader, but all ends
happily at last. The book is published by
stories are fine examples of her insight,
as well as her clever style in the written
expression of her thoughts. Six short sto
ries make up the contents of the pres
ent book, and they are all equally de
lightful. Her bad boys are especially fas
cinating little imps.
Literary Notes.
The Illustrations in Hallie Erm!m>
Rives' new novel, "Hearts Courageous,"
are in some ways unusually notable. When
A. B. Wenzell was making the pictures
he was so enthusiastic over the book and
bo expectant for the excellence of his part
in it, that he asked the publishers to give
special treatment to the reproduction of
his drawings. It was at his suggestion
that M. Haider was engaged to make en
gravings on wood for Mr. Wenzell's very
attractive pictures.
Messrs. Elder & Shepard of. San Fran
cisco have issued a prospectus announc
ing a series of publications that should
CcridUct^d by
3- G. t.axhi'op.
mate of the moral flavor of the book can
be deduced. Stories of a worse tenor have
made great successes, but there has been
more literary merit in them than is evi
dent in. this novel by Clara Morris. It
seeins unfortunate that one possessing the
evident talent of this author and one so
well versed in phases of stage life should
have put her pen to the work of showing
the worst possible side of a theatrical
career. • - . - ,
Her heroine Is pictured a'a a refined and
altogether lovable girl who might as well
have enjoyed the same beautiful life of
domesticity that fell to the younger
daughter but for her laudable effort to
support her family by taking up the only
course apparently open to her, that of a
life on the stage. Her histrionic success
is great, her moral downfall deplorable.
Thrall, as the actor, stands well at the
head of the profession; as a man he is of
the lowest, low. Even Jim, Roberts, with
his apparent kindness of heart and gen-
eral Just to see how much tragedy they
can take from the Cable literary snuff
box without sneezing. Let us say he is
trying a little Mark Twain onus or giv
ing us a touch of the humorous fancy
that Eugene Field loyed to indulge in at
the expense of the credulous — that is the
kindest way to look at "Bylow Hill."
Practical Forestry.
D. Appleton & Co. of New York have
just published a book on "Practical For
estry," by Professor John Gifford, New
York State College of Forestry, that will
be found useful for those who are inter
ested in the subject either as student3 or
in a commercial way. The recent estab
lishment of the Bureau of Forestry, at
Washington, the steps taken in different
States for forest protection and the move
ment for national forest reservations
which began a few years since, are tan
gible evidences of the increasing interest
in a subject of immediate and general im-
"These letters are fac-slmlle reproduc
tions of writing and are natural in every
way, varying in length from four to eight
pages of matter. The sheets of paper are
quaintly illustrated. No two letters wili
be alike, save In the size of the letter
paper, which is to be uniform so that tho
collected letters may be bound or properly
preserved. They will be folded and in
closed in envelopes; sealed and addressed
with ink and sent with a *2-cent stamp.*
The children will receive a letter a month,
but at no regular time of the month.
They will bear headings whence
they purport to come— from such p^^/»
as "The Hill of Four Oaks,' The Cave in
the Hill," 'Back of the Hay Barn,' The
Yellow Wheat Field,' The Happy Hills,'
•The Forest of Love and Good Friends'
and a hundred more pleasant places.
Each letter wll be a surprise or contain
a surprise of some kind. The collector of
these "Blrdalone' letters has gathered a
series that will win and hold the fancy of
the child who receives them."
The Bookman for June, besides Its
usual "Chronicle and Comment," eon
tains the following: "Effigies" (poem),
Florence Wilkinson; "The Great News
papers of the United States." Frank B.
Sanborn; "My Heart Hath Suns of Thee"
(poem), Herbert Muller Hopkins; "Tha
Bound of the Astorbilts." Charltoa An
drews; "An Oxford Man's Impressions of
American Universities." E. S. P. Haynes;
•To the Sound of Rolling: Logs," Annie
Nathan Meyer; "Marlon Crawford's
Rome," Louise Closser Hale; "Mother
hood" (poem), Elsa Barker; "The Drama
of the Month," Norman Hapgood; "Fuel
of Fire," Ellen Thorneycroft Fowler;
"The Queerness of Henry James," Frank-
Moore Colby.
their stories or write their opinions;
classic romance and myths are simplified;
historic characters are woven into the
stories of the letters; humor of a health
ful kind finds a place; moral maxims wear
a pleasing garb, all letters are uniquely
illustrative and entirely devoid of affecta
tion.
great north country,, it becomes one of
tragedy— deep and earnest! \ When, how
ever, all parties" in interest find them
selves in London at. the court of Charles
II it is once again comedy, pure and sim
ple, as it reaches its final satisfactory
though unusual climax.- '
THE SUNDAY GALL.
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
The above illustration is from a
drawing by Howard Chandler Chris
ty, done for "A Pasteboard Crown,"
published' by Charles Scribner's Son's,
New York. Copyright, 1902, by
Clara Morris Harriott.
(...Sale... j
OF A J
PRIVATE
I Library I
Catalogue vpon application. 1
Fine Library Editions ol Standard I
WorKs, Perfect Condition, B
Large Collection. |
I ?»«•«• n
Elder & Shepard, I
r 23S Post Street, San Francisco. H
XOithlllxistration^in y^ Sv
A DeligKtfu! / Y A Book You
An Altogether Charming A Story of GreeLt Historic
Story of Lrove a.nd yf^ciVi (Sr\\/ Value Attractively
. Now Ready and for Sale Everywhere.
rwxfEBl moods of a maid and the adventures of a Revolutionary hero are here worked up into ono of th» most fascinating: anxj eg citing
tales yet written about the stirring days of the Revolution. Merton Balfort, the hero, and his fellow-«oldier6, John Acton and Robert
¦* " • Curtiet a» bound up together by both choice and circumstance much as were the "three guardsmen" of Dumas, and their adventures
are no less thrilling and romantic than the deeds of those classic heroes. Rarely has there appeared In fiction a maid of such versatila
powers to charm and pterce the soul of a lover as the tantalizing royalist, Dborah Fhillpse, for whom the herb gets into trap after trap,
risking life and honor for her sake, only to be ignored end Insulted a ferw moments afterward, until— trat that's the story; and a charming'
graphic and original denouement it presents. •
Every on« who loves. the scenes of galloping cavaliers, brave swordplay, desperate adventnres and the flash and charm of a eame of
hearts will want to read NONE BUT THE BRAVE- — - * s~"^ «*
PUBLISHERS, 372 FIFTH . AVENUE, NEW YORK.But, whatever you do, ba up and about
It. for—
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may,
A > Old time Is «UU a-flylng;
-And this same flower that blooms to-day
To-morrow miy be' ttyins.
¦ • ¦
The first fire engine used tn this country
was brought from England to New York
In 1731.
you "have accomplished that much ¦'. tha .
time has been admirably spent.
While yachting and launching are great
sport it is hardly advisable for San Fran
cisco folks to spend their precious vaca
tion that way. They are near the water
nlneiand a half months a year, and their
health, as well as their, mental and physi
cal energy, needs a radical change. -
If you can steal a few days at a time
and take a short trip all well and good,
for the ocean does all in her power to
make people happy — even though sha
treats them shamefully at first. But sha
knows that her own remedy cannot bo
beaten- and she persistently tries it on
each and every person that gives her an
opportunity.
you have selected a place In the wilder
ness you may always rely on the nelgh«
boring farmer to help you out in all times
of need. He is the friend indeed and it
always pays well to stand In with him,
his family and the hired men.
Summering in a rented cottage Is much
like staying: at home, only, of course, you
are not half as comfortable. But you at
any rate obtain some change of environ
ment. There you are away from the mad
ding crowd and the responsibilities that
have been a burden the other weeks of tha
year are laid aside for the time being.
You may go north, south, east or west
and find any amount of cozy little cot
tages or cabins hidden by trees and vines,
a place to be as quiet or as gay as you
please in. And all that is required of you
is to pack your trunk and pilot your fam
ily there.
In taking a furnished house it is always
wisest to make some precaution so far as
linen and towels are concerned; and many
times the dish supply Is not just what it
ought to be. For owners put as little In
them as they possibly can, and they are
called complete by courtesy. ' ;
. Your grocer will put up a box of all
that you need, and probably many things
that you don't. He will even' ship It to
your address and refill your order in a
week or two, just as you say; so that
saves time, trouble and thought.
Probably every shop In town will be
chagrined at your malice of forethought,
for they only live during . the summer
months, and "make hay while the - sun
shines" is their motto, and they do their
best to live up to it.
For business men who cannot rest away
from their labor because, forsooth, each
day grows more and more tedious, ark-
Ing is just about the thing. There are any
number of places that are near enough
home so that they may travel back and
forth every morning and evening.
Life on an ark is the laziest of all out-
Ings. The people who can afford to own
them take their servants along to do
everything for them but eat, drink and
sleep. Time is too precious to even think
about any question that amounts to a hill
of beans, so If they, do anything it is not
more than to skim the lightest novel In
circulation. .
.There is only one time when you' can
find the least bit of life aboard and that
is at night after the men folks have come
home. Then the rowing and visiting com
mences and everybody jollies up and It
takes all your faculties keeping track of
¦¦¦ ¦» ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' nil' i i <-. -¦ ---t ;:«-¦¦„->
¦ . .
things as they pass in rapid succession
from one thing to another.
It makes 'ncr earthly difference whether
one stitch has ' been taken' or not, or
whether you have acquired any knowl
edge, the mere fact that you havo
breathed the freshi-alr and have lazily
floated underthe blue sky should be suffl-'
dent. That Is what you went for, and if
lyTT LL aboard! All aboard for Jolly
f j ville. This side for Arkville,
I I Tachtville and Launch vllle; other
I side for Tentville. Wagonville,
Cottageville and Horseville. All
aboard!
Mr. Vacation Man, which side do you
go on?
For you must go somewhere. Even in
old Bible days it -was supposed that ev
ery one would "commune with one's own
self and be still."
When you can't possibly decide what
you want to do or where you want to
go for a vacation, but are only certain of
one thing and that Is that your expenses
must be light, try a new scheme that
really Is not half bad. Make out a list
of the ways you might go and have a
rattling good time; •write each one on a
separate paper and toss them up in a
hat. Then when you draw ona gingerly
out hold your breath, for If you are game
that little pieca of paper will sway you
to the extent of packing up and taking
that train.
Let Fate have a finger in the pie.
Tha old Baying, "I've- been over that
road hosts of times," is easily got
around by branching out on a road that
boasts of no ties and not a 6lng:lo rail.
Those are the roads that are not old
stories. They will not bore you to death.
Take a couple of horses; mules are far
better. If you can lay your hands on
tTiftm — and start out. From the ferryboat
turn In almost any direction, unless you
fcavo some particular place in view, and
you will find that California Is filled with
any number of beautiful spots that you
never heard or dreamed of.
A pack horee cannot carry a house and
Jot, but ha can carry everything that Is
needed In one. Tako a Bleeping bag,
well lined with blankets. That will roll
Into a smaller space than anything else
la the line of bedding. Wear a buckskin
trait If you can afford It, or if your pock
et book objects too strenuously, get a
canvas ono and call It square.
Very little underclothing Is really neces
»ary, for laundry bills ara smallest in tha
woods when nobody is about to see how
clearly the brook sparkles and how soft
the water Is. It really looks Inviting and
you wonder whether you could possibly
get anything clean In It and whether the
hot sun would fade all the color out. De
cidedly curiosity is a good thing to have
along on such a jaunt.
A frying pan, a coffee pot, one or two
etew pans and a few tin dishes are abso
lutely necessary, as Is also a knlfa and
fork apiece. And then comes the eating
question, and everybody agrees that it is
one of vital importance.
Beans, peas, dried fruits and crack
ers are the easiest things to handle,
and they are all good and substan
tial. Coffee and tea cannot be dis
pensed with and they call for con
densed milk, for It is not always best
to trust too much to luck, for there may
be days and days when a farmhouse will
not be handy. When they are convenient
eggs, butter and milk should be the sole
diet, as that saves your other supplies.
When butter is not available, olive oil
6crves for cooking purposes and is not
half bad.
A pack-saddle, whether it Is made for
that express purpose or whether It is an
ordinary one pressed Into duty, should
have two girths and good strong ones at
that, for the strain Is very heavy and it
night complicate things not a little if
your horse grot gay and strewed provi
sions about the country for a mile or so.
{¦tfn** Foj- Those Who WoUTd Go $F?eTd
cy $FToat to Snjcy trie DtfiQh*-
PUT HcUvs cF Vacation.
Everj-thing must be solid and tight, just
as snug as you can possibly get it. Do
not be afraid of the -weight, for when
things are piled just as high as they can
possibly be and yet stay in place, and
when you are inwardly "wondering if the
horse can stagger under the load, there is
room for a fellow or a girl on top of it
all.
Traveling that -vray means heaps of fun,
all new country and ouite a little work,
lor none of the conven.ences that make
modern camping such a joy can be car
ried along unless several horses are taken
aj mere pack animals.
The next most Arablike pick-up-your
bed-and-walk fashion is the wagon that
has been fitted up for such a trip. . The
size depends entirely upon the number of
people that are going. Two men can take
an ordinary buckboard and be fairly com
fortable and cozy. The tent is stowed
away under the seat, the sleeping bags
on top, and then a tiny cupboard can be
built on the space that is left in the back.
Partitions filled with this, that and the
other thing are as handy as can be, be
sides utilizing every square inch in the
wagon. A gasoline stove can be fastened
on the back, where it swings with the
¦water pall. Naturally guns are needed,
or they might be, at any rate, so they
can be strapped on the sides over the
wheels, and an ax ought to keep them
company, for it Is a mighty handy thing
to have about a camp at certain times.
Unless a wagon is long, a double-seated
affair, and built for that purpose, It is
not comfortable to sleep in, but now and
then you see one that tucks four people
away snugly after the berth fashion, but
not very much space is saved, as blan
kets, pillows, etc., are needed, and they
really take up more room than the bags.
Of Course camping In the regulation tent
is entirely different, as the tent is sta
tionary, while with tire wagon or pack
horso your bed is where your fancy places
it. Every day may see you far from your
last resting place. Sometimes the change
raay be for the better and now and then
for the worae, but at any rata the scenery
Is varied, the climate often changed and
the eyo satisfied.
Tenting Is really playing: at keeping
house, and not Infrequently It proves to
be very hard play, especially if there are
r.:any mouths to fill, for the average ap
petite Is Increased fully one-half by the
unusual amount of tramping and the
fresh air out-of-door life.
Tents can be bought that are floored
and that have pockets. all about the sides
for the various things that are forever
bobbins up and that havo a tendency to
keep under foot. There are divisions, too,
that make as many rooms as one wants
and that afford more privacy than one
large room, .
When camping is to be done on a large
scale load a wagon with a stove, table,
chairs and bedding. All this Is indispen
sable. If you are neat make sheets and
pillow slips of colored calico, a dark blue,
or, best of all, a mottled tan or brown.
White never does look that color five min
utes after it has been put on a bed spick
and span. But if the weather Is cool, dis
card the linen and snuggle between the
blankets, for they are warm and will not
chill you every time you turn over.
Ham and bacon are good to take along
in the meat line and there are any amount
of delicious canned meats and fish that
fill the bill exactly. Soups and vegetables,
fruits and cakes, besides cereals, will keep
body and soul together nicely, and unless
THE -SUNDAY CALL.
5
MODES AND METHODS FOR OUTINGIf North has not commenced an ; echr>,
South can place heart three with West
So far as South knows, West may have
played in the ten from queen, ten, three,
or may hold the ace in addition. North,
North.
Spades— 7, 5, 2.
Hearts— 5, 4.
Clubs— A, 5, 3, 2.
Diamonds— 8, 7, 5, 2.
West. East.
S-K, S. S-A, J, 10, 9, 6, 3.
H— A, Q, 10, 3. H— 7, 6. » -
O— 10, 7. • c— K, 6, 4. * ¦
D— A, K, Q, J, 4. D— 6, 3.
' South.
Spades— Q, 4.
Hearts— K, J, 9, 8, 2.
Clubsr-Q, J, 9, 8.
Diamonds— 10, 9.
Hearts trumps; South to lead. Score —
East and West nine; North and South
four.
Tk. E: S. \ W. N.
1. 6h Sh *10h • Ah"
2. 3d 9d *Jd 2d
3. 6d 10d •• *Ad 5d
4. ?,s *2h , Kd 7d
5. 4c Sc 7c "Ac
6. *Kc 9c : .10c L'c
- 7. *As 4s . Ss 2s
8. 9s Qs *Ks 1 5s
9. 6c Jc *Qd --8d
30. 7h . *9h 4d 5h
11. 6s Qc *3h :;c
12 10s Jh »Ah 3c
13. Js *Kh Qh 78
Star denotes winning trick.
Trick one — West can count three trumps
higher than the eight, by using the rule
of .eleven and knows that his ten will
RheW the trick. , . ...
Trick eight— By refusing to trump the
queen of diamonds South makes certain
of winning two more tricks. At the time
when he has to play he knows West to
hold the ace, queen, three of trumps in
addition to his small- diamonds, since ha
is void both of clubs and spades. North
in addition • to clubs five and three must
therefore hold the five of hearts, since
East* played .the . six to. trick one. If
North's other cards b"e a second trump
South's play makes no difference. But if
it be the small spade and South trumps
and the opponents play well they win all
the rest of the tricks.
Trick six— North holding the three of
clubs and returning the two, has the five
or si^ or both. West has no more.
Trick seven— East is marked with tho
jack and ten of spades. Having held five
originally . (see his discard to trick four)
he would lead the' ace even though hold
ing four only at the time of leading. West
has no more. " -•' .
Trick five — Both ace and - queen of
trumps being adverse. South, whose hand
has been weakened by the force, proceeds
to open his long plain suit; he infers trom
the fall that North holds clubs three and
two.
Trick two— South now sees: that North
Is v not echoing, .and therefore has not
heart three. v
Trick three— West's lead declares the
king, aueen and one other exactly.
Trick four— East's ] discard of spade
seems better than to throw away one of
his guards to the club king. He cannot
read West with ¦ ultimate command, in
trumps, although he can place two honors
in his hand.
If echoing, may hold the seven, five and
three.
BY MRS. E. P. SCHELL.
THE advantage of the trump echo is
evident, as it is necessary for your
I partner to know exactly how many
trumps you hold and he need not
A go on with an unnecessary round
of trumps.
If partner calls or leads trumps, or by
his play shows four or more trumps, you
should echo, with four or more in hand.
And do this at your earliest opportunity.
The echo is usually a very simple thing,
but" at times it is not so easily accom
plished. • Sometimes it has to be made
even if you sacrifice some strength.
If you" hold exactly four trumps, three
high cards and one small, you will los-j
a trick i? you attempt to echo. When
it is evident that loss will result from
making a sacrifice you should not echo.
In echoing to partner's lead of trumps,
you holding less, than four — and you do
not attempt to take the trick— you play
your lowest card. If you hold more than
three ycu play the third best to the first
round and your fourth best or the lowest
if holding exactly four. If you have live
or more you still play third best, follow
with fourth best and your partner will
be able to place the small cards in your
hand and he will not continue the trump
lead, for example— with 10, 7, 4, 3, or 10,
7. 4. 3, 2, you play the 4 to the first round
In each case and partner will often read
the echo- of strength before the echo id
really completed.
Now then, suppose that partner has
If you take 'a 'force and Qo riot* lead
trump, you of course show you have but
one trump; so that in this manner you
can show any number of trumps. A hand
where it is good play to refuse to trump
a winning card.
In response to partner's request for
trumps, you, holding ace and any number
of small cards, lead the ace. There are
times when your partner calls for trumps,
but jou arc not in to lead trumps; you
can show number of trumps by echoing
in plain suit, for example— you have led
the ace of your suit and followed with
fourth, best, which falls to your oppo
nent s king— your partner has completed
his call for trumps. The opponent opens
ace and king of his suit. You have now
the opportunity of making the suit echo
by playing a higher and then a lower
card to show four or more trumps, but
holding less than four you play in the
usual way, for example— holding the 5
and 4 of the suit you play the 5 and then
the 4, to show four or more trumps.
You can also echo in the manner in
which you take a force, if your partner
has called, and a suit is led of which you
are void, you can show the number of
trumps by the way you take the force.
For example, you are holding the 3 and
4. you trump with the 3 and lead the 4,
you show exactly 2. If you hold the 6. 4
and 3, you trump with the 3, and lead the
6, you show three or no more. Again, you
holding the C, 5, 4 and the 3, you trump
in with the 4, and lead the 3, you show
two more. Still again, if you hold five,
trump in with third best and lead fourth
best, retaining the fifth best, you will
then show your partner that you held
five originally.
the two in sequence and follow with the
highest.
Again, holding high trumps in sequence,
either one of which will win the trick,
you can show the exact number, of
trumps by the order in which you play
these high cards. Holding two honors in
sequence— ace, king, or king, ' queen, ¦< in
answer to a signal, you desiring to show
four or more, you lead the lowest of the
sequence and return the highest, .but
holding less than four you lead the high
est of the sequence, following . with the
lower one of the sequence; but on part
ner's lead of trumps you, holding high
cards in sequence and four or more in
suit, should play - the highest of the
sequence and follow; with the lower one
in the sequence. For example: . Holding
ace, king and two ' small, you play ace
first, and follow with the king; but hold
ing less than four, with two honors in
sequence, you should play the lower of
called, and you hold • less than four
trumps, you' should lead the highest; if
you hold the trick you should play down
—for example, holding queen, 8 and 2,
play queen first, then the 8, then the 2,
it will show three exacily; but holding
four, the ace not in the combination, you
should lead the lowest, or the fourth best
of five or six. For example, holding
queen, 8, 6 and 2, the lead of the 2 and
followed with the 6 would show that
you have two cards above it; but If ycu
hold queen, 10, 8, C, 2 and you lead the
.6, then drop to the 2, it would show by
the fall of the cards and your own hold
ings t that your partner could hold three
more.
"We get a paper mailing tube, open at
both ends and just wide enough to allow
the parachute to slip in when folded to
gether. On the lower end of the tube we
fasten a strong piece of rubber band on
both sides of the opening. We Insert the
parachute into the tube and place the
bone button with its groove on the rub
ber band. Then holding the tube with one
hand we pull the bone button; with tho
other stretching the rubber band. Then
we let it go, and the parachute shoots
out of the tube like an. arrow, reaches a
considerable height, opens up and then
ccmes down slowly.
. Let us proceed as follows: Supposing wo
have succeeded In making a paper para
chute; we didn't use whalebone or wire,
but thin pieces of card extending a good
hit over the edge of* the parachute an«J
fastened with their ends to a smooth
wooden ring; this wooden ring Is pulled
•over the stick of the parachute and moves
smoothly up and down. A bone button
with a groove for a broad rubber band is
fastened to the end of the paracbuta
stick. ,V_
It is not difficult to make a parachut*
of paper, as any umbrella can be taken
as a model. But how can we get an ap
paratus by the means of which the para
chute is carried into the air and opened?
To Make a Parachute.
WHIST FOR THOSE WHO WILL PLAY A GOOD GAME.
I will show you how to produce an egg
„ without the help of handkerchief, as done
by most magicians.
To perform this v trick we need a pre
pared card. After blowing out tho con
tents of an egg we stick the ogg shell to
- thf back of a card with a little wax and
show it to the audience (as pictured in a).
Lowering the right hand, which is hold
ing the card, with the, left hand, we hide
the card in the inside of the left hand (as
shown in b). ¦ •
Thereby the egg has become separated
from the card and brought in the position
in which it will appear a moment 'later
(c). We slide the card int'o a pocket while
directing the attention of the audience to
the egg. Instead of the egg we can use
a small bunch of flowers, or anything
small enough to be covered by a card.
Egg and Card Trick.-*
The performer shows the . unprepared
Bide of the coin to the audience, and after
allowing them to examine the box places
the coin in it with the paper side on top. ¦
When the box is opened the coin will ap
parently have disappeared.
A plain, small, round pill box is best for
this trick. Select a coin which fits exact
ly in the bpx and prepare "one side of it in
such a way that it resembles the bottom
of the box by pasting a piece of paper
similar to the inside of the box over one
side of the coin. Or a better plan would
be to paint the inside of ' the box black
and use black paper for the coin.
The Magic Pill Box.
PINT) THE TRAVELER WHO IS ABOUT TO BE Trprr.T> XTS.
I fujd the shepherdess.
WHEN WILL THE GOOD WIPE BE HOME? CAM" YOIT PHTO HEBf
WHERE 13 THE DRIVES OF THE HORSE?
THE HUNTER HAS JUST* SHOT A MOOSE. WHERE IS HP
WHERE 13 TEE THIRD G003E?
THE BUKDAY CALTi.
A resourceful humorist got a seat In a
New York street car by telling tlie other
passengers that he had smallpox. But ho
was quarantined for a while and later
was required to give a bond to abstain
from disorderly conduct in the future.
The Twenty Matches.
Form a tquare with twenty matches in
such a way that each side contains six
matches in symmetrical order, with their
heads in one directicn. The task Is to
take away five matches in such a manner
that each side of the square contains only
four matches.
This example seems rather difficult, but
is easy when you take the first and last
(sixth) match of the upper side of tho
square, the fifth of the left side (countsd
from top to bottom), the two Jast of me
lower side and none of the right side, as
shown in second illustration.
PUZZLE PICTURES
CAN YOU SOLVE THEM?
6
Home Magicafter .the drive two of the largest ze
bras were harnessed and ridden. by col
ored boys. Baron von Schellendorf is
now confident that zebras can be train-
It was Stonewall Jackson's habit to ericksburg and Potomac Railroad. His
pray on the battlefield. His method was left arm was' amputated- at the shoulder,
to remove his cap, raise his right hand being taken, out of the socket. When he
and then pray to the God of battles. I lose^ : hls 4l , cye f ln -death- his little
saw hin, a, «g o, .evora. occaaon, no,- £¦*•& 2Z£$££%l££ o°v£
ably on the field of Port Republic, his her . ma dying words were, "Pass the
battle with Shields, v/hile sitting on his infantry rapidly to the' front." "TellA.
horse in a read down which. a splendidly P- Hill to prepare for action." "We will
served Northern battery was pouring shot P^ss i over the river and rest under the
and shell shade of the trees on the opposite side."
«s: h L *«°" '»'»--" ~ sf n r«, d i' t r 'sfriu!^ a s e !S- si;
sometimes he would give him an import- flees, was with his military past.-Lippin
ant order so quickly that it would almost cotfs Magazine.
Stonewall's Fatalism.
57 ACKSON was as absolute a fatalist
U. as- ; Napoleon, with this difference,
thai Jackson was a man with a re
ligious while Napoleon was
not. Jaokson was a Presbyterian and an
absolute believer In tenets of that
church. As an evidence of his fatalism
I once saw him standing in a mountain
road when the wheel of a caisson came
off and was rolling directly on .him. An
officer of his staff called to him to move,
but he stood still. The wheel struck a
etone, bounded over the side ,of ¦ a moun
tain, and Stonewall Jackson turned to
the officer and said, "You see, there was
no danger. I knew it."
take Ills breath away. Notably at Cedar
Mountain. Jackson rode up to him and
raid, "General . Lawton, advance and
drive the enemy from your front." -Law
ton replied. "General, there is a very deep
ravine In the enemy's front." Jackson re
plied. "I know it. Advance:" He did not
waste words. Jackson's practice was to
speak of the Northern troops as Mexi
cans. He very rarely called them any
thing el.*e. . Dr. Hunter McGuire, his
medical director, is my authority for this
statement. .
Stonewall Jackson died in a house that
is still standing at Guinea statiqn, in Vir
ginia, on the line of the Richmond, Fred-
An eminent German has discovered wfeat
he considers an Infallible test for distin
guishing between persons actually or only,
apparently dead. He uses a weak solu
tion of fluorescln, a most powerful color
ing matter, which, when sufficiently di
luted, ceases to be poisonous. If this so
lution Is injected under tho skin' of a llv.
ing person, In two minutes tho skin, es
pecially tho mucous membrane, is strong
ly colored and.th© body has' the appear
ance of suffering from an attack of acnta
jaundice, but in the case ot a dead man
the solution produces no effect. — London
Science Siftings.
The. same method was followed with'
the older animals, and within - ten days'
The Von Schellendorfs ' were the'"; first
people to tame and harness zebras. The
Baron himself had no idea \ihat this
could be done, for the zebra is reputed
the wildest of all wild s things. It was
done by leaving a young zebra two days
without food, and then letting him into
a kraal, where he could see donkeys eat
ing hay from, the hands of natives. In
two days he also would eat from their
hands, put down his head to 'be .'rubbed,'
and even' take hay from • the'' Baron's
pockets.
When the kraal is full of the species
desired the ' entrance • Is closed and the
day's drive is over. This is "generally
about 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Five
hundred zebras at a time. has been the
result of sucha day's work, and that is
the sight which no American woman but
Baroness von Schellendorf has seen.
The drive Is always for one particular
• animal; pprhaps ostriches for ostrich
farms; perhaps, zebras, to ship away.
Groups of the special animals desired are
skillfully cut out of the great herd and
turned into a kraal., If a lion or leopard
Cets caught in the drive, very early, in
the game the men near him are signaled
to "lip low," so that the big meat eater
may sneak away. The Baron has an en
tirely different method of dealing with
him. . . . V V.V ' ' ' '
all follow him. He begins to run to make
his escape. Everywhere, as he seeks to
break the. line, men spring up, shouting
and brandishing sticks. The line of ani
mals is forced to run in a circle. At
length. the leader approaches the mouth
of the kraal. To permit this great mixed
herd to 'rush in would destroy the kraal
and defeat the purpose of the drive. A
great body of men stationed at the gate
v/ay springs up. The leader of the herd
turns back, and the long line follows
him. The second line runs parallel to the
first, only going in an opposite direction.
Sometimes the herd will form half ' a
dozen lines, running swiftly, each animal
with its head on the rump* of the one
ahead of it. and its sides touching those
cf the animal in the next line,' yet never
breaking out of its own line. An inde
scribably dizzy sensation is produced by
looking at these vast, wavering .lines
moving with mad swiftness round and
round, like the. body of a monster ser
1-ent.. It is the strangest sight (in the
world. - \ ;
She found that the most satisfactory
dress was of thin white material, with
a waist like the upper part of a kimona
and a short skirt, reaching the tops of
her high boots. Gloves and a broad
brimmed- cork hat, covered with white
canvas:' ; completed, her out of door cos-"
turned. Her house was a bungalow built
of tho logs of barrlde and- znewal lies,
Near the house was a little waterfall,
and just above this, where the swift flow
would .bear all refuse away, the servants
used to rinse the pots and pans. One day
the cook dropped the coffee pot in the
/brook and it whisked over the falls. , They
had only, one more, so diligent search was
made f orjthe lost utensil,' ' but without
success. -A week later the Baroness met
a crocodile' at the foot of her garden. He
had come up out of the water to take a
stroll In 'the edge of the; evening. She
promptly shot him,' and when he was
opened, there was her coffee pot, quite un
injured. He had swallowed" it at one gulp.
You can shoot crocodiles by the millions
aloi.ff the streams. ./Each carries. fouT
musk balls\ about > his person worth $5
apiece in' London.
Keeping house under circumstances like
these affords good practice in the strenu
ous life. The Baroness tried to pick up
a puff adder one day, thinking it was a
pole which she could use to support her
clothesline. The puff adder Is a snake
about six feet long, and its scales, unlike
those of many serpents, retain their bril
liancy, after death. On that account its
skin Is worth 55 in Europe for manufacr-,
ture into novelties. All manner of snake-'
skins can be exported for similar pur
poses, for the reptile, world ranges all the
way from three-foot lizards up to the.
mighty python of the jungle. \ .
The Baron has. now orders for many
zebras, trained, to" the harness, for other
portions of Africa. He charges 600 rupees
(S210) for a tamed and 1 harnessed animal.
The transports which he sends to' Ham
burg occasionally resemble the ark. They
contain lions, leopards, servals, an animal
of the leopard kind; specimens of the
rhinoceros ->and hippopotamus, zebras,
gnus, antelopes, elands, \ gazelles, boks,
giraffes and elephants. V
i
ed to become the draught animals of Af
rica,'a country ff al to horses. Zebras
are Immune to., the -tsetse fly, and to all
ether diseases 'which attack the horse.
The zebras of Central Africa are sixteen
hands high and have powerful chests and
limbs, well fitted for pulling.
the only timber which wil. «»ot b« eaten
up bodily by Insect, pests. The inner trails
are covered with "gamti," which is noth
ing but unbleached muslin, hailing, every
yard of it, from Yankee mills. The house
Is made gay with Indian cottons and Jap
anese umbrellas, and the whole Inclosur©
is' ; surrounded by a high, barbed wire
fence, poisoned barbs. They, sleep
in, tents, which are cooler than it Is pos
sible to make the house, and which ara
searched for "varmints" of whatever
breed before they retire for tho night.
This gamtl is the only cloth known to tho
natives, and a Central African negro will
v/ork two months for three yards of it.
Then he will drape himself In it, and
wear it until it is stiff. Ilka
leather, and Impossible to tear.
The . "servant girl problem" assumes
new and somewhat startling phases in
German East Africa. Th© Baroness took
up grained native servants from' the
coast, who were very good, but when It
became necessary to call In additional
help on the frontier she was occasionally
treated to the experience of having: a
strapping girl walk in to seek employ
ment In perfectly nude condition.
From March, when she left the ship, un
til October, when she boarded it again,
the Baroness did not see a white woman.
Africa is a land of enormous magnitudes.
German East Africa is five times as largo
as Germany itself, stretching from the
coast far up' to Victoria Nyanza, which In
our schoolbook geographies was only an
Inaccessible \ dot in the jungle. Mount
Kilimandjaro is 22.000 feet high. There ia
only one tiny bit of railroad in German
East Africa. The German Government
will not allow private capital to build
roads, and 'as yet has not found tho
means to do so itself. The country can
never be opened without railroads. . Tho
only white people in. the interior now are
missionaries, occasional hunters and of
ficers at the military stations.
. Germany has as yet received no return
Baroness von Schellendorf brought -with
her to this country a perfectly new
species of wild animal not named or de
scribed in ariy work on natural history.
It Is a queer little creature, evidently on«v;
of those 'left overs" from an earlier per-,;
iod, before . one species had differentiated 1
into a number of different ones. At first *
sight It reminds you of a kitten, a squir- jv*
rel and a monkey. Its facs is Uka that
of a bear, though far smaller than th«
tiniest bear cub. Its ears resemble- a
bat's. Its hands are Ilka those of a mon
key, but Its hind legs are thosa of a
kangaroo, though far smaller, and It uses >
them in the sama way. Its tail la Ilka
that of a squirrel. Its fur la lika a chin
chilla's, and In its own country la very
short. But since coming to northern
climates it has grown rich and long, yriVx
a black hair on the ends. likewise, al
though It is a night animal m Its habitat,
since becoming- a household pet. It aeexrut
to have learned how to see in tho day
time. Baron von Schellendorf named' It
the "Nachtaffen," tho night monkey, be-
cause of it3 nocturnal habits. At horn*
It eats Insects, toads, butterflies, squir
rels and fru'ta. In captivity It eats
whatever any en© elsa does, -with a
strong preference for raw oysters an<3
shrimps. Tho Baronosa will return to
Africa during the coming summer. Her
husband Is tho nephew of ono of Von
Moltke's greatest generals, who. was also
later Minister of War to Emperor. Fred
erick, y '\ ':'
for her outlay on, this vast tract. It la
not a country to which her own peopla
can ever emigrate. The German emi
grant goes to America, not East Africa.
Like all Oriental countries. It Is no poor
man's land. Profit must com© from in
vestment of capital by large concerns,
employing native labor and managed by
resident superintendents. Capital will not
enter the country, however, until rail
roads are built, and this the policy ot
the Emperor will not yet allow.
Hcusek^prnS
In a Way.
Thai Bftovda
Good P^actTce
Tn the '
£ti*$r|Uotis UF$.
Then occurs a phenomenon which few
v.hite persons have ever fieen. The ani
mals begin to realize that they are being
trapped. A leader starts out, and they
These small, scattered nerds are gradu
ally driven ' in toward the kraal by ¦ the
advancing lines of natives. As they slow
ly gather to the cenier of the field, thou
sands of zebras, giraffes, gnus— a Species
of buffalo— ThomsonSan gazelles, water
boks and reed bo ks— which look like
young calves— antelopes, elands and os
triches, will be seen collected in a vast
htrd. '
At four o'clock on the morning of the
drive the chiefs take the stations assigned
them. Each has from 200 to 700 men un
der him, making 10.000 natives in' all, rep
resenting perhaps .ten or fifteen different
tribes, none of which understands ; tho
language of the. others. It is the dry
season, when the- herbivorous animals,
which in th<? wet season scatter through
the mountains, are forced down to the
plains for food.
When the , Baron decides upon a. drive
he calls in, about a week beforehand,
the different chiefs, who will control the
men that day. Each chief is shown a
peculiar flag, whose motions and positions
he is to follow on the day of the drive.
For a week he is trained in this signr.l
language. One signal means "Stand up":
another, "Close the lines," and so on. A
location suited by its natural features i3
chosen for the drive. •¦ It is a vast plain,
with a tree in the center. .In this (tree
a platform is built, visible all over; the
plain, and from this platform the Baron
and Baroness manipulate the" flags which
direct the drive. A "kraal" is 'constructed
of log-s. and an opening Jeft, with arrange
ments by which it can be. quickly closed
after the animals are in. „
the most wildly exciting thing which the
world has to offer.
But probably the most picturesque thing
done at the station is the capture of wild
animals for the great German company
which supplies all the large menageries
and wi!d i beast shows ot the world.
Baroness >Von Schellendorf has partici
pated often'in the f ' "drives" by which thesa
captures are made, and she declares it
She lived In the wilderness for a year.
Then ehe came home with African fever,
and ehe is now visiting her friends, Dr.
cj-.i Mrs. Anton Ewald of 11S5 Madison
avenue, New York. Her stories of life
in the African bush sound like extracts
from. Rider Haggard: but instead of
(. rcodlr.g a mode of lif © which would ap
pear full of hardships to many women,
ehe Is eager for her return to the fron
tier. Bora and raised on an Ohio farm,
ab!o to ride a horse bareback before she
had read her first reader, anything to do
•with animals had an irresistible charm
for her.
Baron von Schellendorf Is experiment-
Ing with' all the resources cf the country
to see which can be made commercially
profitable. ' He has cocoa, banana and
tobacco plantations, .and another consist
ing of 10,000 indiarubber trees. He has
an ostrich farm, which he" started with
wild birds driven in from the plains, and
in which three Incubators are now busily
at work.
The Kllimandjaro district is in German
East Africa, but the British railroad ap
proaches It more closely. Under the most
favoring- circumstances the station is only
& ten days' Journey from Woi, but when
the pretty American Baroness made her
wedding trip. through there two years ago
the trip overland occupied thirty-three
4ay&. It was In the wet season, and at
every river bridges had. to be rebuilt.
Probably no American girl ever had a
mere -unique wedding tour. It took her.
t5<rvra on the east coast of Africa, to
Mombassa, a port In British East Af
rica. Ther.ee they went by rail to "Wol,
a ten hours' trln, and thence made their
way overland to the foot of the Kill
mandjaro mountain, where Baron von
Bchellendorf was to conduct an experi
ment station for a German company.
P&Y StOfTgS Of
Wte fri the
"SolJp|d UtJ^
Exacts Ffoiti
FIVE hundred zebras, fresh from
the African forest. In one kraal.
Twenty thousand wild animals
running madly in long lines, round
and round a vast African plain.
There Is but one woman in America
who has seen that eight, and she Is the
Baroness Bronsart von Schellendorf, for
merly iliss Isabella Bunce of Ohio.
THE, SUNDAY CAEL..
The 3100 miles of railroad will be nar
row gauge! because it was decided some
years ago that a narrow gauge wa3 pref
erable throughout Spain. Madrid; about
2150 feet above the level of the sea, is the
center of the railroad system. The moun
tain heights between Madrid and the sea-,
ports impose steep grades, and in many
places -long detours, which with a gauge"
of five feet six Inches' and the consequent
'friction have made 'the operation- of
Spanish railroads very expensive. Tha
Spanish assert that their high transporta
tion charges are necessary on account of I
broad gauge railroads. All. the new con
cessions for construction have stipulated ,
that railroads shall be narrow gauge,
which, it 13 now certain, will be the fea
ture of future railroad building in Spain.
The ordinary trains run only fifteen, to
twenty miles an hour, and freight rates
are so high that it costs more to carry
goods by. rail from Saragossa to Barce
lona, 200 mllea, than to ship from Erg
land. It is not strange that under such
conditions t commercial development in
Spain is far inferior to that . of other
countries. Even at the seaports the Span
lards know nothing of the facilities which
other nations possess for transhipment
between cars and vessels, except at Bar
celona. Bilboa, Huelva and one or two
other places. :
The Railroads in Spain.
THE Spanish Cortes has Just approved
the new railroad project, under
which it Is proposed to construct
about 3100 .miles of narrow gaugo
railroad at a total cost of $50,000,000. the
state 'guaranteeing 4 per cent interest on
the capital : required. ¦ This is one of the
great schemes which Spanish statesmen ...
have devised In , the hope that by. : means v
of better transportation facilities, a' large
extension ' of irrigation works, sugar
bounties and' other schemes the country
may be restored to" business activity and
prosperity. : ; ..¦ ¦ . " ¦ -
Tho ; topography of ¦ Spain la a natural
obstacle to transportation. The mountains
make railroad building difficult and the
rivers are too small and swift to be navi
gable except for short distances. -C The
country, therefore, has Inadequate means
of: communication, and those which it
possesses are very poor. ;
Freight rates, as well as passenger
fares, are very . high. A first-class ticket
between Madrid and Hendaya, a distance
of about 400 miles, is at the rate of 3.6
cents per mile." The South Express
charges one-third the price of a first-class
ticket in . addition to the , regular fare.
Trains are very "slow. The speed of pas
senger express trains is only twenty
three to twenty-seven miles an tour.
7
An American BARONESS
in Africaout over night; It is Improved by tin
dews of dusk; and it does not mildew,
¦warp or show wear and tear with tha
season. Its nature and build are such
that It endures all weather without a sign
of exterior. disapproval.
Iron furniture is neither comfortable nor
pretty, and except for very hard usage, Jj
not to be recommended.
It must be' remarked that summer fur
niture Is particularly built for the sum
mer man. It is he who enjoys gettinj
out upon the piazza at night and he who
loves to linger upon the roof while the
stars come out and shine for hira par
ticularly.
There is a frivolous statement to the ef
fect that one can judge a man and hla
wit by the way.he : conducts himself upon
a summer piazza. Not all men who sit in
•well furnished piazzas are entitled to the
honor of being called summer men but
only those who understand the arts of
summer.
Would you be a summer man? Then ask
yourself. these questions. Go over theia
alone and Judge for yourself of your own
fitness.
Suppose you were alone upon the piazza
In the evening with a pretty girl, sitting
together in the swing, -with star* up
above. -"What would you do?
Suppose she were sitting alone In the
English courting chair, the chair built
for two; and suppose she said the felt
lonely. Where -would you seat yourself?
Suppose you were sitting opposite a
girl whom you wanted to marry, she In
the swing, you In the chair, holding her
hand, what would you say?
Suppose the night was shivery and aha
felt cold? -J_ "v
These questions, properly aaswered,
would entitle any man to a certlflcate of
admission in . the lists of summer men,
Answered not wisely he would be forever
barred out.
. The handsomest two private ears !a the
world are those owned by Adolphua Busch
and Charles M. Schwab, says the Phila
delphia Press. The St,. L-ouisian received
his as a gift from friends, who, not con
tent with presenting him with such etcet
eras as the finest linen and glass and sil
ver, included in the car porcelain bath
tubs and a shower. The car is said to
have cost $43,000.
Mr. Schwab's, now practically complet
ec^ will cost 547.500. It is seventy feet
long, including 1 an observation compart
ment of twenty feet, and is as "modern"
TidLH SinSDAT CAIiI*.
WITH A SCREES? fTTTATfe
, 2JUJLLT FOB TWO, A SWDTG
! tng couch, en-glish
COU-ttTUTG SEATS AND
j (TRASS CFSHIOirS THAT
I CAN" BE •R.ATTCT.n UPON,
THE RTnvnvrpm. han, BE HE
CITY CHAP OB, SUBTTB&AN
ITE, VKKH.R THAT TTR HAS
BEACHED THE lULXiElf-
U1UM OP STJTOIES EVEX
TSQ HAPPINESS.
one's feet may rest on top with ,case, or
in the sides, or in any manner that may
be agreeable, when one is fired with golf.
It is impossible to scratch this open
work footstool, for it has no. top and, as
for wearing out, warping, becoming, loppy,
or getting out of shape, this also' is : im
possible. It makes a'nice little stand for
books which can rest comfortably upon
Its lattice.
The roof swing, or the piazza swing, is
something that needs only to be" described
in order to fascinate.
It consists of a wicker or bamboo couch
built in such a way that It is alike at each
end. A little railing makes the back as
well as the head and the foot.
This couch is fitted out with grass cloth
cushions for "Seat and back. It is then
elevated by ropes until it swings free from,
the piazza. This makes a swing of It. r
There come piazza swings that answer
this description but the man who yearns
to make his own swing can- buy a' couch
and hane it all.
Chairs with wide arms, couches with,
little shelves In them, the dearest and
squarest little foot rests, all these are in
the new summer furniture in wide' variety
and. in great numbers.
There are couches that have a lifting
seat in which, there are stored croquet
balls, mallets, and garden ; implements.
And there are other couches so built that
you lift them entirely and place articles
underrfeath the couch, which is hollow. •
The -English courting- chair has found
Its way to the roof and into the aff ectlous .
of the summer man and girl. It Is made
of very heavy timber and its arms are
•wide and comforting.
In all the new piazza furniture there !¦
one thing to be noticed and that la Its
durability. It can be wet; It can be left
rain the cushions are lovely with their
delicate aroma.
The rugs in the new piazza room are
of the wood fiber kind, but of a new vari
ety. They are partly grass and, though
they are no longer green, they are pretty
and brown, and you feel that you can
walk upon them without injuring them!
As for a shower it is really as beneficial to
the rugs as to the grass pillows. 1
There are wonderful screen chairs In .
the modern piazzas. They have grass or
straw backs that are very high. One of
these chairs — one of the very latest— has a
back of such height that it serves as a
screen. Turn your chair around and you
are shut away from the world.
The screen chair is a delightful thing
if one is afflicted with visitors at an in
opportune moment. Turn your chair
around and you are not at home. The
piazza is -vacant and only the chair back
stares at the visitor, the back which is
built like a screen.
There is another virtue about this
screen chair. It is built for two; and
when two sit in it, and turn around, they
are immediately alone. This Is the time
when the world forgetting and trie world
forgot Is particularly applicable.
If you want to make a screen chair, ba
sure that the back is sfx feet tall and/
the seat at least a .yard wide— wide enough
for you and another. And have the seats
rather deep. You must have wide arms.
And the chair must present a substan
tial look as of one that feels its burden.
There is a glorified footstool that comes
this season and it Is one of those con
trivances that can be made at home. The ]
material if you are its maker, should "be
hard wood and the pattern Is openwork.
There Is no top to this stool, only up
rights, Joined by cross pieces, • so that
THX3 rammer piazza Is a summer
joy.
Once It was a place of sun and.
doubt, of bugs and mosquitoes and
of discomfort
N'ow It Is the dwelling place 1 of
all that is. pretty and -delightf uL It • is
the summer living spot, the place wkere
all repair at all times of day and at
most times of night. It 13 the cozy cor
ner IdeaJ; the spot without which there
can be no summer home and no summer
at all.
The city dweller has his piazza upon
the spot. Her© he builds himself a spot,
shut out, perhaps, from the wide, wide
world by a screen or two, anchored as
roof screens should be. It is most likely
a' lathing, with matting drawn over it.
Perhaps his screens are of the heavy
portable sort. These are taken down at
night and laid fiat upon the roof. By
day and by moonlight they are lifted an*d
placed as comfort and the neighbors
suggest.
There are many new things about the
Bummer piazza that cne hearing about
them is disposed to wonder if a person
ever reaily knew what a piazza was be
fore.
The man who has owned a piazza other
eeasons has been accustomed to doing
many. things which he does not now do.
Ke has brought in the pillows at night.
He has done the same trick with the
rugs. ?
He has performed stunts with the fur
niture, moving it about bo that the rain
would not beat UDon it.
The tables he has cither drawn to the
Innermost corners or has covered with
canvas, and as for the couches and the
foot-stools, well, these have been so
scarce that he has not bothered himself
much about them.
Now the up-to-date cummer piazza Is
fitted out with furniture which stays put.
Its couch of bamboo Is wettable; and
the cushions that trim it so prettily and
•which are in all the colors of the rain
bow can be wet without injury. They,
are made of gTass and stuffed with grass.
Of course, as this is an age of scent,
tfce grass Is fragrant; and after a warm
in each least detail as !t Is handsome ra
all. The ceiling is hand-painted. The
furniture, which, like tha general design
of the rest of the car, Is imitated from
models of the Loui3 XV period, 13 all
hani-carved, while It is Bald that each
of the brass bedsteads in the two state
rooms cost $1000. •
¦ ? m
LATEST RETURNS ON
RHEUMATISM,
THE latest computation of the num
ber cf distinctly rheumatism cures
puts it at 1437. It is one of the pe
culiarities of rheumatism that the
cures prescribed for it are more numer
ous even than the varieties of the ail
ment itself.
A brief enumeration cf remedies in
cludes horsechestnuts, '. wlntergreen tab
lets, electric rinsrs, magnetic watch
charms.J red flannel bandages— wmte
Cannel is considered of no efficacy— goat3'
milk, calisaya, horso hair poultices, raw
onions carried in coat pockets and ice
cream soda. ,
These are only a few of th* best known
remedies, and do not include several
which owe their fame to combinations of
sundry ingredients. One old-fashioned
cure is made up cf a pint of old ale and
a small measure ct grated horseradish
put in a jar or demijohn, after which a
glass is drunk before each meaL
In favor cf many of the established
whimsical rheumatism remedies it is to
be said that they are usually palatable,
can be bought cheaply and are generally
harmless, . recalling in this particular the
case of the patient for .whom rock-and
rye was prescribed and who declared that
it did him great benefit— even with the
rock candy left out.
' Rheumatism appears In so many forms.
It affects or affliicts so many persona. It
is So readily connected with weather con
ditions and the knowledge cf ita causes
Is so indefinite and on some points so
much disputed, that the 'provocations ?«»
give remedies fcr rheumatism Is rei'lily
understood, though this fact does not
moderate the general conviction of acute
sufferers from rheumatism that the rem
edies so freely offered then* constitute
an assrruvation. 0 £ the disease.
8
THE
PIAZZA
PARLORno_text- • . .-..-,'¦,. ;• •. >.-•* •'¦. <
ming It. The laco was a pointed pet*
tern, with the points running upward.
Such vagaries as there ara la littl«
coats and such latitudes as ara t«v+Tt
with tho different styles!
There are almost as many Tarletles as
there are women to wear them and each
seems so different from, the last.
A dressy little coat that might b« worn
as a dinner coat or which would graca
a wedding guest, but which was really
Intended to wear with a calling gown.
¦was in white cashmere, lined with, whlta
taffeta. It was buttoned down the back
and was cut oft right under the arms.
It was finished with largo diamonds o£
lace, three in front and three In tho
buck.. The front has a Jabot of laoa at
the throat and there axo laca diamonds
set one at tha front of tha neck and ona
at the back. Tha sleeves ara elbow
sleeves of tho Cowing variety, finished
with a deep flounce of lace.
Small white coats of fanciful description
are to be worn for dinner parties, garden
parties, ping-pong parties and parties of
every description. Including the piazza
functions, when one puts on one's beat
and sits under the shad* of tha awnings.
Tho Belt as a Feature.
The belt has come into prominence as a
feature of tho dress-up grown. It is worn
with the handsomest dresses and partakes
of their elecance.
The feature of the belt, now and for all
time, Is and/ has been the bttckla. Cleopa
tra unquestionably wore exquisite belt
buckles, and perhaps tha Queen of Sheba
did the same. At all events, there are no
pictures too old to show traces of the belt
In one form or another, be it chain or cord
or the ancient band of stuff resembling
ribbon. ' ', ' >-¦ ; Vf»St
Upon the Princess the belt Is worn
rather high, in Josephine fashion, and it
la finished with loops of ribbon and Ion"
ends.
- There is an Empire .belt, which is worn
with the Princess; a very wide belt which
come3 up well under the arms
An exceedingly pretty little belt i» ona
seen with the dress costume. It Is worn
with any bodice. andi3 pulled low, but ia
quite Independent of waist and skirt,
which are joined together in their own
fashion and perhaps finished with their
own method of joining. ¦
Then comes the little' Independent belt,
which la narrow and of exquisite finish.
One of these belts was in gray suede, not
over an inch wide. It was pulled very low
in front and the ends crossed under a very
handsome little buckle, in which sparkle-I
real gems. Such belts as this are really
very costly and are articles of jewelry as
well as of temporary beauty
It would b.e idle to try to mention the
many forms which the belt Is taking. Ono
of these t3 a series of cameos, joined with
tiny chains, the whole to be looped over a
ribbon, which Is fastened around the waist
and clasped in front.'
Here little women are at their best, for
they can wear these belts. It is the wo
ma n , w . ith the barrel-like waist who is at
a disadvantage in them.
For^the, fat woman, tho narrower tha
belt the better, and the blacker It Is tha
more becoming it will be.
A very lovely dress skirt was In cameo
pink veiling, made with pin tucks run
ning from the belt down to. the flounce.
They were very tiny and close together.
One involuntarily thought of cording
when one looked at It, yet it was really
softer than the cords would have been.
A hip, yoke trimmed this skirt and was
_iij the \ form of lace points set in at the
belt line and extending downward at each
side, while in the front and in the back
the lace yoke became very narrow In
deed.
The flounce was a deep thing in the
. pink veiling, with an edge of lace trim-
features of , the social life of the corona
tion and King Edward has graciously
consented to honor not less than three of
the scheduled dinners with his presence.
For the origin of this fad! one must also
look ,to Washington,' which I has become
suddenly the social as well. as the Judicial,
center of the 'country.
X Mrs. Grover Cleveland is wearing a very'
pretty , dinner gown^in': black net, with
white .velvet coin spots. Between these
coin spots there are tiny white dots. ; The
yoke is a very, transparent . net sprinkled
f wlth : French knots In pale blue. Mrs. ;
Cleveland ; maintains her < reputation \ for
White broadcloth, very light, consider
ing, the fact that It Is broadcloth, is worn
for? evening. A favorite model for this
material is tho Princess and the favorite
trimming is lace. Lace applications,, a
lace vest, lace garnitures ... around the
neck and sleeves, and lace In incrustations
upon the skirt greatly lighten- the' effect
of the cloth without adding to its weight
or its warmth. • .
good dressing and clings j to blue _ arid
black 'as of yore with always a fondness
for white. The repugnance of j her hus
band, the honorable ex-President, to soci
ety, keeps her at home a great deal.
At dinners one sees the new colors. In
the daylight, by the garish sun, one hesi
tates about putting on the new tones, but
when the coft electric glow throws Its
radiance around thsn the colors are
made less pronounced and the tones that
would be too glaring in the day are made
becoming and desirable.
Glacier blue Is a blue that you can
Imagine. Not quite as cold as Ice biue,
nor as light. It Is still a blue that Is
steely and clear, a blue that takes cream
white to soften It and a blue that must be
used carefully.
Or the softening qualities of rose and
the delights of the arbutus and orchid
pinks. Even the watermelons that are
almost red, and the strawberries and
cherries that are very rod, are permis
sible so long as one gets that blessed
warming glow, that light that comes in
with the family of reds and goes out
with it.
The yellows are having an inning!
They are here In all their warmth, and
one sees the orange and the burnt orange
fading- Into the cool lights of the lemon
and moon yellows. Champagne, sau
terne and chartreuse yellow are the
rather startling titles . of three of the
new shades, and In the deeper tones one
sees the lovely daffodil and the yellow
rose, and the soft, pretty primrose and
the very delicate clear ambers.
Tan is enjoying a new popularity in
evening wear. It comes In a very admir
able peachy tone that, while warmer
than the cold tan, is not too pinkish' and
'jven the dull tans are worn with pink
to brighten them. • -:
It takes one back a little to see the
dinner gowns In changeable gray taffeta
trimmed with peach colored satin; and It
certainly seems like meeting an old friend
to come across the light blue silk with
its up-to-date trimming of pink panne.
Pink and blue are reunited after many
years of separation,-, and rose and gray
are friends again. Blue and green go
courting on many, a gown, and the com
bination of purple and green is found
surapng the more daring 1 of the French
gowns and in such manner that - the
tones of both are very light.
The duennas are taking to the change
able Bilks, helped out with marvelous
trimmings of black lace, and white lace
cr lac© In ecru. One em do a great deal
with a changeable Bilk, as our grand
mothers i discovered lone ago, and a
great deal Is' now being done with. It.
The Bcviral of the Handbag.
The silk handbag, is certainly revived
under the name of the wrist bag. It -Is
really a dinner ornament as well as a
street one,- and particularly la It to be
worn with full dress.
And' this Is a very pleasant arrange
ment , The pocket has disappeared utterly
from polite society, and for a lady to hunt
her pocket would be an unheard-of thing
these days, a sight not seen. .
. So the wrist bag comes at an opportune
moment. It holds the tiny handkerchief
which cannot be held In the lap during
dinner, and It holds any small necessity.
They say that in London It holds the snuff
box, but one must take that with its grain
of ealt. r
Ladles who remove the gloves at dinner
can slip them into the wrist bag, and with
the new gloves it looks as though their
removal were a necessity..
A custom introduced simultaneously in
Washington and London last winter
called for the slipping off the hands of
the gloves, which were then tucked into
the-Bleeve of the glove, leaving the arm
still covered.. This had never been re
ceived with favor before, but Mrs. Roose
velt did it, and Mrs.- Hay did It, and
Countess Cassini, who is so popular with
foreigners and natives, did It. Abroad,
Mrs. Paget, and no less a personage than
her gracious Majesty Queen Alexandra,
followed that custom, so there was less of
the peeling of the long dinner glove: .
It is quite the fashion to go to dinner
without gloves, but customs vary with
the town, and what is correct In one city
1b not viewed favorably In another and
one must watch one's neighbors and do as
one's neighbors do.
Dinner Gloves. .
The new dinner gloves have "decorations
upon them. The effort to keep them per- :
fectly plain and buttoned with tiny pearl
buttons at the wrist has partially failed.
At a nice dinner given a few', evenings
ago by Mrs. Clarence Mackay, Long Isl
and's pretty hostess, the guests wore
gloves with the backs incrusted with'em
broidery of the same .color as the glova
and others were stitched In a fancy de-\
sign. The lace trimmed wrists are not
many,,yet one does see the narrow rows
of Valenciennes decorating the long arms
of the shoulder gloves. Little tufts of rib
bon are pretty and the little silk rosette
like tufts sometimes introduced are also
becoming to the arm.
The fancy for wearing the- hat at dinner
is growing. It must be a picture hat and
there must be a general understanding
that the hat is to be worn. The head
dress dinner is responsible-. for this fad
and the idea of wearing the hat carries
with It such a picturesque suggestion. that'
society leaders hastened to take* It up.
The headdress dinner is easily- managed.
One wears one's dinner gowns and dresses
one's head historically. ' The ; Wllhelmlna
peaaant cap, all in white -lace with.
two little ruffles around the lower edge,
and with gold lace medallions at each
Bide, is charming, but the wearer should
be young and pretty.
•.Small women have trouble T with the
headdresses unless they select their.deco
rations with taste/ The woman f 4 who. Is. a
pocket edition, of Venus has many points
in' her favor, but she willbe'.topheavy;
unless sho selects a small and rather
dainty style of headdress. . ./- .
This kind of dinner will, be one of- the •
The New Colors.
Do not be incredulous at the thought
that lace can differ so greatly in color, one
piece from another. There are pieces of
rare old lace that are as dark and as red
as old ivory, and others that are as white
as though bleached on the grass and
blued. Spun linen was never more snowy
than certain kinds of fldunce lace.
There are women who have neyer culti
vated a taste in lace andCwho find other
materials more economical and quite as
effective.
the finest lace in society, is a woman who
understands the art of the flounce trim
mings. She owns several deep lace
flounces, all of them valuable, and differ
ing from, each other In kind and color.
It is said that Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont,
who is certainly the possessor. of some of
There is a trick in the transformation
of a gown. It cannot be done with bows
of ribbon, nor can it be accomplished by
the putting on or the taking off of a
lace coat. But It can be brought about by
the wearing of a different lining or by the
application of floral panels or by the hasty
stitching on of a deep flounce of lace.
There is no denying the supremacy of
white when, one has not many gowns. In
a white dress, say of chiffon, if one can
risk the delicacy of this material, j or in
Bilk muslin, or In silk organdie, or .In mull,
or Bilk lawn, or all lace, or veiling; or
fancy gauze, or any other of the many
fabrics, one can make an excellent ap-i
pearance many times during the summer. 1
Always wearing the one gown-
The skirt was finished Irt the very plain
est way with little lace ruffles, put on in a
graduated manner, rising ( toward the
back. The hips wer© snug and the skirt
fell away in a long and graceful sweep.
The new chou, it may be mentioned, has
multitudinous ends. It seems »as though
there were nothing but ends to it.r num
berless tiny ends of baby ribbon with,, a
knot tied in each, like a tiny rosette.
There are a few loops, but the feature
lies ia the many little ends. I
The New Chou.
This dinner costume was a dear little
creation in white silk organdie over a
cream colored taffeta. The waist was cut
with a neck shaped after the Marie Stuart
design. That is, rounded in the back and
pointed rather low in the; front. This
would admit of the wearing of a lace col
lar which could be simply laid around the
neck and fastened with a chou of baby
ribbon in front. !
A certain woman with grown-up daugh
ters declared against the cumbering- of her
summer trunks with so elaborate a cos
tume as would be required for a dinner
party. Finally Bhe relented and into the
trunk went a little toilet, which was a
clever compromise between the magnifi
cent dress required for a similar function
in winter and the ordinary summer gown.
The dinner gown occupies an important
place in the summer wardrobe. Try to get
along without it, if you be a woman of
any fashionable pretensions, and see how
woefully it will be missed. The shirt waist
has its mission and a broad and varied
one it Is. You can wear a hundred-dollar
shirt waist or a one-dollar one. But you
can hardly make either take the place of
the full dinner costume, such a one as you
will need to carry you with credit through
a semi-fashionable summer.
This panel should be all in roses, with
plenty of vines and the prettiest of foun
dation uj»on which it can be worked in
chiffon. Lemon colored chiffon, with pale
roses and a few white ones, formed .the
outside skirt for the handsomest dinner
gown that ever graced a New York ma
hogany. It fell over a drop skirt of lemon
colored taffeta.
The figured materials are not confined to
those that come ready made. The newest
thing is the floral panel, which Is em
broidered at one side of trie skirt in such
a manner that it points toward the top.
It begins at the head of the deep flounce
and extends upward In a wide panel
shape, which speedily comes to a point.
Skirt Trimmings.
The buckle sets are more and more nu
merous and one now sees as many as fif
teen buckles all adorning one pretty flow
ered muslin. There are tiny buckles upon
each wrist puff; there are buckles at the
top of the puff where it disappears under
a tight upper part. There is a buckle at
each side of the stock, or one at front and
at back. There are two at the belt, one in
front and one behind, while all the rest of
the buckles are used in catching- up the
lace that makes a flounce for the lower
part of the skirt, or are used in the ribbon
treatment, which is part and parcel- of
every gown.
The buckle is a feature of the very new
sash. The knot Is tied through it; or the
whole bow Is drawn through the buckle
until the middle knot of the silk is clasped
into it. The bigger the buckle the better.
Take a cream colored muslin, flowered
with pink button roses, and let it be made
up over a changeable rose colored taffeta.
With it you will want to wear a new sash,
a sash of rose colored satin ribbon, very
wide, and drawn through a great gold
buckle at the back of the belt, with ends
that hang down to the very hem of the
tiress.
The dinner muslins, flowered with those
marvelous roses, that are either too
email for the rose kingdom or much too
large for it, are seen everywhere, yet
one does not tire of them.
Again, as you look across pongee and
get its glisten, you are assured that It is
a dinner fabric and you rush away to
xratch its sheen with velvet of the same
hue, for the making of straps and turn
over cuffs; and for great collar points
over which you will place lace, for a dln
rer gown.
Pongee is an odd material. One day
you think It a rain cloth and buy It for
a rough weather wear." Again you see In
it a traveling material and purchase It
for the train or the yacht. The bride
views it as a traveling gown and discov
ers some charming Illy leaf green shades
and she sees tones of cream and blue.
Flowered Stuffs.
And what were the materials that were
spread out, what the fabrics with . the
mimicry of nature woven into them? Of
the louisines there were many, some in
flowers and some in brightish irregular
figures, some in silks and some in fine
muslins and soft, high priced cotton, and
there was figured pongee in buff tones
decorated with marvelous green figures.
At the first sign of springing blade
these were brought forth upon th© coun
ters, and from their myriad numbers
woman has selected her hot weather
wardrobe.
In this natural selection of hers, this
fondness for bringing indoors the pretti
ness which she see* outside, woman is
aided by the manufacturer who makes
h»r gewns, and by the dealer -who sells
them. Yes, and by the very modiste
who makes them up. for all favor the
flower patterns.
While the snow was flying last winter,
and Jack Frost was king of earth, the
looms were busy with their shuffling
sounds and the great mills and factories
were turning off dress fabrics. And the3e
were not the materials of winter, by any
means, but those of brightest summer.
IF the dlnrifcr party is a pretty feature
of social life in winter, in the sum
mer it is doubly so'.
Xow tnere are the handsomest
gowns, with the added accompani
ment of soft winds blowing sweetly
across the table. And there are beauties
of flowers and varieties of fragrances
that are denied the winter guest.
By a pretty mimicry woman imitates
In a way the outer glory and in her
sown there is a subtle reflection of, the
living world, a touch of the beauty of
f:eld and flower.
- > „ I— ¦ .. . i . ¦ f . •'• : ¦ •-> - ¦¦ -• - ¦ '
THE SUiND&Y CALL.
MY LADY'S GOWN COP
IES NATURE OUTSIDE
AND IS SPBAYED AND
SPRIGGED AND ROSE
TRIlCM:ED--3ffRS. CLEVE
LAND FAITHFUL TO BLUE
AND BLACK— WHAT TO DO
WHEN ONE HAS ONLY A
SINGLE DINNER GOWN
FOR THE WHOLE SEASON.
MRS. BELMONT'S LACE
FLOUNCES — THE GUESTS
AT MRS. MACKAY'S DIN
NER PARTY— NEW BELTS
FOR DAY AND DINNER
WEAR.
10
AROUND
THE DINNER
TABLEno_textthousand pairs of shoes were brought by the Dixie, and
stockings galore for the women, to say nothing of hats,
caps and bright calico dresses.
The simple natives, delighted with their new posses
sions, paraded the streets for the admiration of all be
holders. The shoes, being of no use (the natives of thesa
tropical islands have never known the luxury of shoes),
were frequently seen strung about their necks to excite fcfca
envy of less fortunate townsmen. -J
In some instances, however, big, black, becorned feet,
spread by years of unrestraint, were squeezed into the new
shoes. Women were arrayed in high-topped tan shoes and
clocked stockings, and the infinite variety of millinery seen
would have creatsd a sensation equally as well on tha
Bowery as on Broadway, while the men, in new shirts with
colored stripes, flaming red neckties and gaudy ribbons
around hats of latest mode, excited the admiration of the
village belles and the astonishment of all beholders. Solo
mon in all his glory was not arrayed like these.
After the work of discharging cargo was well under
way Captain Berry of the Dixie, senior officer in command
of the American vessels in port, ordered the gunboat Poto
mac to convey the entire company of scientists, writers
and photographers to St. Pierre, about twelve miles up the
western coast. Eager were all to catch the first daylight
view of the ruined city.
We steamed along a green and fertile shore, fringed
with mango trees, cocoanut and cabbage palms and
palmettos. The hills were verdant with tropic shrubbery,
but within a mile or two of the stricken city all livins
vegetation ceased abruptly, and the parched, withered and
ash-covered area which Pelee's hot blast had devastated
lay before us. The line of demarcation between the living
and the parched hills wa» well defined. On one hand were
green-clad hills reaching far back from the shore, and
then, but a few yards to the north and east, was Pelee's
path of destruction—a dismal, ash-hued stretch of beach
and hill slopes, with the burned and uprooted trunks of
trees obtruding from the heaps as far as the eye could
reach; blackened and blasted cliff rocks, jutted and beetled
over the sea. The odor of burned wood and ashes and
finally of decaying human flesh came from ashore as we
drew near the silent city. The glaring noonday sun bear
down pitilessly on the gray waste of rock3 and ashei
. Only a few straggling parties of natives could be seen, and
they were engaged in ghastly work about the funeral
pyres. Vultures hovered and soared over the scene of de
struction, while all about was the awful stillness of death.
AVe had drawn quite near the ruined city before w»
were. aware of It, toe nowhere could be discerned the least
semblance of a town.
"What do you think of it?" asked Captain McConnlck
of the Potomac, pointing to the gray waste, which de
scribed a crescent round the roadstead— In front the sea,
then a level" beach reaching back for a hundred yards;
then a gradual ascent that soon rose precipitously into
cliffs. We could see* nothing but a dreary waste of sea
shore, slope, hills and cliffs, all ash and rock covered.
There was no sign of a house intact; no semblance oCi a
street. At various points there appeared to be fairly <g!iu
regulated rowa of half-demolished stone walls. This was
all to show that it had ever been a city— the metropolis of
Martinique— one of the chief marts of the Windward Isl
ands; the site of schools of learning, of libraries and rare
botanical gardens. Beautiful St. Pierre, famed through
out 'the West Indies as the garden city of the Caribbean
Sea, the home of a light-hearted and joyous people was
laid In waste at the feet of Pelee— Pelee, whom the Cariba
had worshiped as their "Fire God," and who would some
day, tradition said, rise in his wrath and punish the
wicked. And so it came to pass, as the Caribs had proph
esied. But the hot breath of Pelee visited its wTath upon
saint and sinner alike. They perished Ilka the host of
Sennacherib:
For the Ansel of Death spread his winja en tha blast.
And breathed on the thousand-two-scor» as he passed.
And the eyes of the stricken -waxed deadly and chill *
And the hearts but once heaved, then forever srew 'still.
The general 'aspect of the ruined city, as viewed from
the sea, reminds one of nothing so much as the Aztec ruins
of New Mexico and Arizona. The adobe (mud-colored) and
half-demolished walls, in regular and Irregular rows as
cending gradually from the sea and then rising abruptly
to the cliffs, were for all the world like the ruins of tha
Aztec cliff dwellers.
In vain we locked for streets, but all was chaos. St
Pierre was literally razed to the ground by the eruption
of the day before. Even the cathedral towtfr, which, since
the eruption of May S. had stood by the sea, a grim and
solitary sentinel, with its clock hands pointing significantly
to the hour of eight, had fallen in the- crash of yesterday.
Our party was divided into two boatloads, and befora
showing off from the Potomac Captain Berry arose In his
gig and admonished. the party that at the first blast of
the Potomac's siren all were to hurry to their respective
boats, for this was the prearranged signal of danger
threatening from Pelee. He also warned us not to give
offense to the French authorities by carrying away any
relic that might possibly be considered as "loot."
The boats touched at a point near the cathedral and
the two parties divided into smaller companies.
Naval and army officers, scientists, writers and photog
raphers armed with their cameras finally stood on the
beach, irresolute, not knowing which way to go There
seemed no choice of route over a monotonous waste of
ashes and rocks, with no street to guide us. no house <jr
prominent object of any kind to^be used as a mark A few
days before the streets had been fairly well denned w'th
many walls standing as far as the second story, "where
blue enameled iron signs bore the names of the various
streets, but the second eruption had razed all walls to thf
ground and obliterated all marks. The city was indw'
totally annihilated. We stumbled and fell over rocks ani'
ash heaps, picking our way as best we could to av«J*§
quagmires and the stench of corpses. Sometimes we we'a
shoetop deep in ashes and mud. The- odor • of decaying
human corpses was sickening; the troDical sun beat mer"
cilessly down on the recks; the grewsome sight of skulls
grinning at us from between bowlders, cf limbs and hand'*
obtruding from the mud, as if in mute appeal was most
horrifying. . *
On every side lay strewn the wreckage of once happy
homes. There were bedsteads of iron, stoves nott^rv
kitchen pots and pans, and all things non-combustible We
found shops and stores with their half-evnosp-i half
burled wares, while at Intervals human corpus dan-HrS
diers £dne S gS£ 2 f3gSCt3> beiDS &™i* by'Sal-
The scientists In the party— Professor Jn £*<»-,- «f ht
vard. Professor Russell ; o? Michigan UnWeSkyTp^uS
Hovey of the Museum of Natural. History New York- Pro
n? S ?h^nv»Pr V ' a ?, Ar , Ct i C e *Pl°rer oYnoteand men&r
?l ll i? Royal Geographical Society, and Dr. R T Hill of
the United States Geological Survey, gathered specimens
of rock and ashes, made copious notes in th^ir book-Tand
in°th ?r b lTh tl0nS ? f Pelee > wnlch was steaming furiously
™2^ r ° m the cr^ lCr a °<J from new fissures on the slope.
7™a %^I^?^ 1 P n °t°grapherl everything in -^ ht
™h 'k, t or Sanized themselves Into smaller comoanles of
relic-hunters, and many were the finds they made. From
a pottery shop were dug flowered cups and saucers of
fn 1 ??- 81 ?^ por , ceIa l n K A l0 * cf cla V PlP«» was discovered
\ he shop of a tobacconist; kitchen utensils and dining
table china, knives forks and spoons !n a more or le?a
melted and battered condition were du? from the ashes,
iwen the cathedral was not too sacred. From the ruins
™i-hf\^ S a K of marb 'e (to be wrought Into pany
•weights) and miniature statues and statuettes in martjo
and bronze. An onyx clock was found, with hands ind'
catins: 8 o clock. One of the party came down to the be*c&
PURSUANT to The Call's instructions of May 12, and
with the permission of the Navy Department, I em
barked on the United States relief ship Dixie, bound
for Martinique and St. Vincent islands. Wo sailed
on May 14.
Early on the morning: of the Boventh day, after the 4
o'clock watch^had been called, the bridge officer of the
Dixie announced that Martinique Island was sighted and
all hands were soon out on the spar deck. Off the port
bow, almost directly ahead, was a lurid glow in the sky
that rose and fell in fitful spasms. The light was from
Pelee's crater, and soon the vague outlines of Martinique
Island were distinguished through the haze. The site of
the destroyed city was dotted with funeral pyres, for, even
in the dead hour of right, the work of exhuming and bury
ing- bodies lying near the surface was being conducted un
der the direction of the French troops. At this hour we
could see little of St. Pierre itself. As we steamed past
the stricken city the scene on the Dixie's deck was most
impressive and almost weird. The full moon looked down
upon a deckload of white-robed figures, for most of the
party had been called hastily from their bunks and were
yet in their night dress. Captain, officers and crew, the
delegation of scientists and the press representatives lined
the port rail from stem to stern. Two white-robed priests,
the Dixie's chaplains, stood with uncovered heads. Then,
when the sun's edge peeped over the water and cast her
golden rays over tne expanse of blue sea, Pelee was seen
towering loftily and majestically above the Martinique hills.
Huge billows of steam were rolling from her crater, hov
ered over the mountain top and spasmodically ascended in
plant columns. When we entered the harbor of Fort de
France there were five warships riding at anchor — the
"United States cruiser Cincinnati and gunboat Potomac, the
French cruiser Suchet, British cruiser Pallas and the
Dutch cruiser Koningen Regentes, the latter vessel having
been dispatched by Queen Wilhelmina on an order written
from her sickbed. The French battleship La Tage after
ward steamed in from New Orleans.
The customary salute of twenty-one guns and a reply
from the fort awoke the natives and the harbor was soon
filled with a fleet of small boats rowe'd by negro men,
women and boys. They were a most excited and voluble
lot of boatmen and chattered like monkeys as each tried
to outstrip his neighbor and bear the first news of the
eecond eruption, which had occurred only the day before
Two of the Dixie's passengers, former residents of St
Pierre, and who iost relatives and considerable property
In the disaster, conversed rapidly with the natives In
French. \ olley and volley of questions and answers were
fired back and forth over the rail.
The natives, scarcely recovered from their fright of
yesterday, were not able to tell a coherent story, but from
the log of the Potomac we gathered the first details of the
bombardment of Fort de France the day before by rocks
thrown from Pelee's crater, nine miles distant on an, air
line. \
On Monday, May IS. the Potomac and British cruiser
Indefatigable steamed from Fort de France to St. Pierre
¦with the intention of recovering the bodies of the American
and British Consuls, but Pelee was steaming furiously,
botn from the crater and new fissures nearer the town
s.nd shore. Smoke and ashes alternated with steam erup
tions and ominous rumblings came from the great ash
covered mountain. Landing parties were compelled to flee
but by. persistent attempts and heroic exertion finally re
moved the body to the deck of the Potomac. It was car
ried to Fort de France, where impressive funeral services
•were held, all Americans, including the naval officers be
ins in attendance. ' '.
According to the Potomac's log, "between 5 and 5:30
the next morning (Tuesday. May 21) a giant column of jet
black smoke shot into the air from the crater of Pelee and
arose in a column about five hundred meters in altitude
flashes of lightning continually playing through it The
great column then spread like a flower on its stalk the
outer edge showing white and gold where It was lighted
by the rays of the rising sun. A perceptible cold wave
«vas immediately felt at Fort de France. Then came a
fhower of ashes and gravel-like stones, followed by vol
canic dust that covered the decks of all vessels in the
harbor.
"The men of the Cincinnati had been giving the vessel
a new coat of white paint the day before. The ashes and
dust settled on the fresh paint, and for the first time since
the close of the Spanish-American war the Cincinnati was
dressed in her war color. Crowds of panic-stricken people
eoon fringed the shore and ran about in a distracted man
ner. They seized all of the available boats and soon a
great fleet of small craft, filled with excited men women
and children, surrounded the warships and merchantmen
begging piteously to be taken aboard. The shower of rock
having by this time almost subsided, and the requests be
ing contrary to regulations, they were denied permission
The natives returned ashore, where they made hasty prep
arations for flight to the neighboring islands of St. Lucia
Dommica and Guadeloupe. The small coastwise tugs wer#
crowded to their utmost capacity."
Those who did not take flight soon resumed their usual
avocations. I\.ot without misgivings, however, for thev re
peatedly cast anxious looks in the direction of the threat
ening volcano, which was yet steaming and rumbling The
bells of the Catholic cathedral and churches in Fort d>»
France tolled mournfully for the 30,000 dead and buried
under the ashes at St. Pierre. These candle-lighted edi
fices, draped in black, were filled with old men and women
who kneeled on the stone flagging and with bowed heads
prayod fervently for their salvation and for the souls of
the dead at St. Pierre. Mass was celebrated several times
«ach day in all of the churches. The melancholy tolls of
bells and weird funeral processions, with mourners all
afoot, bearing rude coffins on their shoulders and carrying i
lighted candles, made a ghastly picture
The quaint old French town would have been all too
somber but for the brilliant and picturesque dress of the
women and the animated street scenes as they hurried to
a ? d ,,l ro ' en * a " ed in their marketing, with brilliant folds
of silk or cotton stufT deftly twined and tucked into grace-,
ful turbans about their raven-black hair, skirts looped up
well in front and fastened at the belt, exposing their bare
feet and ankles, while a train flowed behind and trailed on
the ground. Bright plaid mantles of kerchiefs were thrown
carelessly over their shoulders. These women are as
gracefully erect as Indians, for their custom of carrvlne
water jars or bundles balanced on their heads has elven
them an erect carriage. Bright red and canary are tn«
predominating tones, though there were to be seen ail the
colors of the rainbow. They hurried through the quaint
eld streets, narrow and Illy paved, only stopping now and
then to exchange friendly greetings and to cast fearful
looks toward the volcano. Young damsels were seen hur
rying to church in a body, escorted by a delegation of
Bisters, who counted their beads as they passed alone •
Old men and women now and then knelt in the street a i
with uncovered heads crossed themselves piously or
pressed a crucifix to their lips and mumbled prayers to the
Virgin for their deliverance At night the city was in total
darKness. Only the fitful, flickering rays of tallow candles
illuminated the streets, houses and dwellings, for the ter
rified populace, attributing the eruptions to the introduc
tion of electric lights, demanded that the Mayor stop the
dynamos. This official being a discreet person and a clever
wS turned 1 off. 0 superstitious fears and the light
?J^^™ Trero bu<5y to J two days discharging one-half of
the Dixie's cargo, one-half being retained for St. Vincent
The relief supplies, food and provisions, were distributed
to the needy under the Mayor's direction.
As a matter of fact, although the first dispatch of act
!n £i £°" sul A >' me to lhe st ate Department (based ut^on
¦which Congress made its appropriation) stated that 40 00.)
fh^ P^anm f%^ ?Uin^ lt W , as - found that - inasmuch as
the cO.OOO of St. Pierre s population were past all need of
help, there were not more than 5000 survivor?, all told who
ei if *2- want - £ on ™ 1 f A >'me afterward, in conversation
with officers at the Dixie s mess table, admitted his error
BY C. C. CARLTON.
and pleaded that the excitement and confusion following
the first eruption and conflicting reports from various
quarters misled him. He said: • "The Dixie brings • 900,000
rations, the relief committee in each State appointed by
President Roosevelt will possibly send as much more, and
the powers of. Europe have relief ships en route. Thera
must be two or three million rations in sight — enough to
feed and clothe all the people of Martinique for months,
while there are only 6000 who actually need help."
But it is an ill wind that blows no good. The furious
blast from Pelee, though fraught with such direful re
sults, was a God-send to the natives of Martiniaue. No
sooner had the first lighters discharged their loads than
the supplies were distributed by the Mayoris orders. One
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
¦_.'¦:'.'•¦-" . ¦ . ' * -
12
SUNDAY CALL REPRESENTATIVEThe town was found full to overflowing with refugees,
who were being supplied with food and clothing 1 from a
storehouse. Two big hospital tent3 were full or injured,
two physicians and a corps of nurses being in attendance.
The residents of the town and refugees from surrounding'
towns were in a state of mind bordering on consternation
and talked excitedly in groups or ran about the streets in
a distracted manner. Women were in hysterics and chil
dren crying. Kings Hill, which was almost totally de
stroyed, nothing being left but a wilderness of ashes and
uprooted trees, was the next stopping place, about five
miles above Georgetown. At this point the immense Por
ter sugar factory was destroyed and all hands perished.
All dwelling houses were razed to the ground. The party
concluded to push still farther on toward the base of La
Soufriere, although warned by frightened men and women
that it would be a hazardous undertaking. Between Kings
Hill and Overland several river beds were crossed, now
perfectly dry. At Overland, about two miles from Kings
Hill and lying at the base of Soufriere, a terrible scene of
destruction and desolation was witnessed. The houses
were razed to the ground, and the few that were not com
pletely destroyed had been abandoned. The volcano
rumbled and roared, and great clouds of steam continued
to pour from the crater.
On our return trip we saw several negro women run
ning down the ash- strewn hills. They beckoned wildly to
us, as if in warning. A little farther on wo discovered the
cause of their alarm. The dry river beds that wa had
crossed on our way up were filled with swiftly flowing hot
mud or ashes of a thick consistency. In color it was, as
the French people would express it, like cafe au lait—
that Is to say. Coffee with milk in it. It was hot and
steaming and not more than ankle deep on the horses'
legs. They waded through the stuff without apparent in
jury. The natives, however, believed that these streams
were but forerunners of an avalanche of mud and ran into
Kings Hill and all the way to Georgetown, crying for th«
people to save themselves. Their fears were groundless,
however, for upon arrival at Kingstown late in the after-
Having viewed the havoc wrought on the western coast
of St. Vincent, our party set out for Georgetown, on the
Windward side, about twenty-two miles distant from
Kingstown. Some were in covered wagons, others horse
back.
Professors Hovey and Russell believe there should ba
nn international system of seismic observatories estab
lished -to give warning of impending' disturbances. They
could be conducted In a manner similar to our signal and
weather bureau service, with telegraphic communication
between them.
"Nothing entirely new," he replied. "The horizontal
plane of fire from Pelee was unusual, though not new. A
similar eruption occurred in Japan in 1886. But the hori
zontal plane of fire at Pelee la, to my mind, the most in
teresting feature of the eruption. The popular notion is
that St. Pierre lay at the base of Pelee and was buried in
a shower of ashes and rock, when, as a matter of fact,
the city occupied a strip of shore land and high cliffs not
at Pelee's base, but five or six miles distant. The fire path
from Pelee took a horizontal direction, like the discharge
from a gun mounted horizontally. To make it clearer to
the lay mind, I will compare it with the wind and flam**
from an immense 'blowpipe.* The matter thrown upward
by Pelee rose to a very great altitude, and, being of con
siderable specific gravity, descended with the velocity ot
lightning, especially as it neared the crater again. Here
it encountered the matter ascending with great velocity
from the crater, and the result was a tremendous draft
at the junction. This blew the flame in a horizontal direc
tion, and St. Pierre and the ships in the roadstead were
directly in its path. The heat from a blowpipe, so every
body knows, is intense. In this case it was intense enough
to melt glass in St. Pierre and Immediately destroyed all
forms of li/e in its path." v,-«
"Does history record any volcano eruption more- vio
lent than these?" . ,
"Yes, more violent," he replied, "but scarcely more
disastrous, when we calculate the loss of human life. Th»
eruption of Krakatoa In the Straits of Sumatra in 1883 was
not so disastrous in the loss of life, for there was no thick
ly" settled communitv or large city adjacent, but the force
of the explosion was felt for hundreds of miles. Huge
tidal waves were rolled up tha.t destroyed life in islands of
Java, Borneo and Sumatra."
"Is it true that the sea depth In St. Pierre roadstead
was increased by 3000 feet?"
"No," said Professor Jaggar. "Captain Berry assures
me that soundings made at St. Pierre show no material
increase In depth. You might also correct the popular be
lief that Pelee has been reduced two-thirds in height. As
far aa discernible with the eye, there has been no reduc
tion in her heicht.
"It is my intention to remain in the volcanic region for
several weeks and make a careful observation and
analvsis." • , -J,- *
two towns, and the avalanche of ashes and lava has flowed
down the mountain slope to the sea on both sides, cutting:
the island completely in two parts, the northern part, oc
cupied chiefly by-Carib Indians, being almost entirely de
vastated. Chateau Belair escaped miraculously, for only
a few yards from this town the path of fury of the volcano
was easily seen by us from the Wear's deck. The Una of
demarcation between living and parched vegetation was
as clearly defined as if it had been predetermined and ex
ecuted by design. North of. Chateau Belair we steamed
In very close to the shore. Giant clouds of steam were
being thrown from Soufriere to immense height, comlns
out in continuous huge rolls and billows and reaching sky
ward in columns of great altitude. Ominous rumblings,
sounding like surf beating against cliffs, were first heard
indistinctly and then broke forth in an alarming roar, con
tinuous, like Niagara, but at times punctuated with loud
crashes like thunder reverberating through the mountains.
When a particularly heavy roar and crash came and Sou
friere sent up great billows and columns of steam moun
tain high the commander of the Wear hastily gave orders
to put about and the vessel steamed rapidly seaward. Then
when the fury of the volcano had somewhat abated the
little steamer again headed for shore and poked her nose
close up against tjie beach. As far as the eye could reach
landward nothing could be observed but the ash-covered
beach and mountains, cragged, blackened and blasted
rocks of the cliff juttlngsand beetling over the sea. Be
tween the sea and Soufriere were numerous fissures, from
which steam poured in great rolls.
The volcano continued to make spasmodic outbreaks,
accompanied by the ominous roaring, and after each of
them the little steamer would turn about and retreat sea
ward, then cautiously feel her way near shore again. Tha
heavy rain soon set in, spoiling further observation, and
the Wear reluctantly steamed homeward.
The scientists had apparently been greatly interested
in what they saw of Soufriere, consulted with each other
and made copious notes. Inasmuch as three weeks had
Intervened since the first eruption and the volcano was y«t
dangerously active, they could not with accuracy predict
what might follow in the future. I asked Professor Jaggar
if he expected serious trouble from either Soufriere or
Pelee. He said: "In view of the fact that there havo
been several recurrent eruptions since the first ones by
both Pelee and Soufriere. what may happen is beyond
human conjecture and altogether beyond the realms of
science to predict. Evidently the energy stored in these
great subterranean storehouses has not been exhausted,
and, to my mind, the bubbles from the sea off St. Lucia, on
a direct line between Pelee and Soufriere, are most signifi
cant. Then, too, the first eruption of Soufriere wa3 on May
7,> followed only cne day later by Pelee. Clearly there Is a
close and dangerous sympathy between the two, separated
as they are by a distance of more than one hundred miles.
Under these conditions, would it not be futile to hazard a
prediction of what the morrow will bring forth?"
"Have you formed, any conclusion as to the cause of
these eruDtions?"
"Certainly no definite conclusion in advance of critical
examinations ashore and careful analyses of the ejected
matter. I will say, however, that the popular theory that
sea water entered earth fissures and generated steam in
the bowels of these volcanoes is not altogether an unten
able one. In fact, it is most plausible."
"Is there any novel feature accompanying these erup
tions that make them unique- in the history of the world's
seismic disturbances?"
"Nor are the views of the scientists calculated to quiet these
fears. With wise looks and ominous shakings of heads
they will only say, ."No man knoweth what a day may
bring forth." Plainly enough they believe that, in view of
repeated heavy eruptions from both Pelee and Soufriere,
separated by intervals of weeks, together with the fact
that both volcanoes are yet smoking and steaming furi
ously, throwing ashes, smoke and steam from new fissures,
there may be recurrent explosions more far-reaching than
any that have yet occurred. Professors Hovey, Jaggar
and Russell considered the sea bubbles most significant.
In advance of more critical examinations and analyses
ashore, they were reluctant about making any. definite
. prognosis. Professor Hovey, however, said frankly, though
eententiously, "Pelee is not done yet." ¦ -,-
The views of Professor Jaggar of Harvard, however,*
expressed in non-technical terms, will doubtless best appeal
to popular understanding.
Aboard the steamer Wear, while cruising along the
west coast of St. Vincent Island, near the volcano Sou
friere, I had an interesting talk with him. In the party
were also Professors Russell of Michigan University, Pro
fessor E. O. Hovey of the Museum of Natural History.
New York, and Professor Borchgrevink, an Arctic ex
plorer of note and member of the Royal Geographical So
ciety. The Wear is the little vessel that was caught in a
hurricane of hot ashes and rQck near Chateau Belair and
fought her way through blinding smoke to Fort de France.
Chateau Belair is about two hours* sail from Kings
towiv on the west coast of St. Vincent, and is immediately
opposite Georgetown, on the east or Windward coast. The
volcano Soufriere is situated about midway between the
VIEWS HORRORS OF MARTINIQUE
13
laden with pottery and kitchen utensils; anotner was
armed with a rusty, lire-eaten sword. The "poor box" of
the cathedral was found, and from it were taken many
French coins of small value. Many enameled signs bear
ing The names of streets were brought to the boat.
The party were necessarily cautious about where they
stepped for fear of falling into quagmires or wells. A New
York Herald representative witn his arms full of kitchen
utensils fell into a barrel of molasses nearly buried in the
mud and ashes. He was rescued by his associates, with
out, however, releasing his hold on his precious burden.
We saw the ruins of United States Consul Prentls'
house, from which his "body was removed yesterday. (The
bodies of. his wife and daughters are still in the ashes.)
The ruins of the v^Jeon Theater and of the principal cares
were visited, but they were only a shapeless mass of rock
and asnes and were identified merely by their relative
locations.
Out of the wreck and ruin, surrounded on all sides by
. hideous spectacles, the Dixie's party endeavored to keep
up its spirits by persistent and labored attempts at humor—
of a prim sort. They were literally whistling through a
graveyard. Some fun was indulged in at the expense of
Professor Borcligreviuk. the Arctic explorer, who, before
leaving the vessel, proudly exhibited a pair of asbestos
shoes cf his own manufacture, with which he intended to
scale the precipitous heights of old Pelee, but, to his dis
may, upon arriving at St. Pieire he discovered that a pair
of lubber bents would have been of more service, for we
sank ankle and knee deep in the gray mud. The corre
spondents before leaving the Dixie had organized a mutual
protection society— a sort of accident and casualty insur
ance association— and it was facetiously suggested that
the organization be known as the "Frenzied Sons of Pe
lee."
% After an hour ashore the Potomac's siren was sounded
for departure and all hurried to the beach. As the little
punboat drew away from shore the crowd at the rail took
their last looK at St. Pierre, for the Martiniquans have de
cided to abandon it as a town site. The dead and buried
will be allowed to repose peacefully where they are.
But ruined St. Pierre will forever remain as one of the
wonders of the world— ro less than Pompeii, and, like that
city, will never rise, phenix-like, from her ashes.
As the stricken town faded into a vague outline above
the sea the words of Lord Macaulay recurred to the
writer. In commenting on the -vast changes and ravaged
wrought by time and the elements, he said eloquently:
"Perchance, some day, a traveler in London may stand
upon a broken strand of London bridge and view the ruins
of J-t. Paul's."
During the Dixie's stay at Fort de France the people
were greatly alarmed. The harbor was still the rendezvous
of a numerous fleet of vessels, warships and merchant
men, awaiting the developments that a day might brin<
forth. The second heavy eruption, sudden and altogether
unexpected, so far-reaching in its effect that vessels in
this harbor were caught in a shower of small rocks and
ashes, made all s-kippers cautious. The United States
cruiser Cincinnati rode at anchor, but had a slip on her
cable, ready to cut loose and put to sea at a moment's
warning. All vessels had a full head of steam on. The
Dutch cruiser Koningcn Regcntes, sent by Wiihelmina on
an order written from her sickbed, had been anchored a
considerable distar.ee from shore, but would not brave the
dangers of Fort de France harbor at night. She crulsea
outside at a safe distance and finally left the dangerous
vicinity altogether and steamed northward. The French
cruisers Suchct and La Tage were awaiting orders, al
though there was nothing whatever for them to do there.
All of St. Pierre's victims were buried in a common grave.
The few survivors from the country and villages adjacent
to Pelee had been taken to places of refuge and had
been provided with food and clothing by the United States
relief ship Dixie. Hie people of Fort de France were un
easy, however, and. acting upon the recommendation of
the Martinique authorities, "the French Government de
cided to hold its four ships there, ready to transport thp
refugees from the island to St. Lucia and Domfnica. shouM
there be further heavy eruptions. Nor were the people of
the neighboring islands free from apprehension. At Cas
tries (St. Lucia), Point a Pitre (Guadeloupe), St. Kitts.
end, in fact, as far north as Porto Rico, there was mani
fested a fear that the entire Caribbean chain of islands,
both the Windward and Leeward groups, may become in
volved in the cataclysm. All are plainly of volcanic origin,
the scientists say, having been thrown up from the sea by
gigantic seismic upheavals, and, lying comparatively close
together as they do, they describe a series of stepping
etones> that define the boundary of the Caribbean Sea.
After two days at Fort de France the Dixie proceeded
to St. Vinefcnt and discharged one-half of her cargo at
Kingstown. The British cruiser Indefatigable was in the
harbor. Spasmodic and violent eruptions continued to
occur at intervals of every few days, while there was a
continuous flow of lava, stram an^ ashes from Soufriere
orator. The occasional fall of pumicestone or scoria la
Kingstown's streets from the crater, fifteen miles distant,
caused a feeling of uneasiness that could not be quieted.
It is but natural that the neighboring islands of St.
Lucia, Dominica an'i Guadeloupe, not far distant, should In
a degree share the general alarm, for the detonation from
heavy eruptions at Pelee arfl Soufriere have been heard
et these points nnd various springs in the mountains have
greatly increased their temperatures. Bubbles have risen
from the sea at a point directly on a line between Pelee
and Soufriere. and were plainly to be seen "by the com
mandant of the British garrison on St. Lucia in using his
rangefinders. This, in the opinion of Professor T. A. Jag
gar of Harvard University, clearly shows a close associa
. tion and sympathy between the two volcanoes, and he be
lieves they are located on the same great submarine and
subterranean n>sur--. In view of the fact that they are
separated by more than one hundred 'miles and that there
have b<on submarine disturbances at a point midway be
tween them, it is but natural that there should be appre
hension throughout all of the islands adjacent, but that
the people of remote Porto Rico should have felt alarm
is surprising. Passengers on steamships arriving from the
Island report that gorgeous sunset.- and rise in temperature
of some of the springs in the mountains have convinced
the Porto Hicans that these are sympathetic phenomena
and have made some of them so uneasy that^they have
taken passage for she States. The superstitious Porto
Rico natives have for months believed confidently in a
prediction madf In a 1 ! old Spanish almanac that the world
would come to an c:id «jn May 22. On that evening the sun
set was more gorgeous than u^ual. The sky where it met
the sea was of a bright, golden hue. alternated with
patches of deep blue, and radiating from the orb of the
tun, iust Finking in the water, were streaks of flaming
red. Terror-stricken, the superstitious natives awaited th<j
end. At Ponce they paraded the streets in a state of ex
citement which could not be quieted by the priests. OKI
men and women knelt in the streets and prayed fervently
for their salvation. The failure of the prediction made by
a false prophet <1H not altogether allay their apprehen
sion, and many of them believe that the volcanic eruptions
will yet involve all of the islands of the Caribbean Sea
in a "gigantic cataclysm that will forever obliterate the
West Indian archipelago. While these exaggerated fear*
are certainly not shared by the more intelligent of West
Indian r**>Pl e . ' l cannot be denied that throughout the en
tire Caribbean chain of islands, both Windward and Lee
ward, is entertained a degree of fear lest the volcanic dis
turbances may become general throughout that region.
All Photos Copyrighted by New York Herald, 1902.
THE. SUKBAT CAM
Continued on Page Fourteen.At Georgetown we were told of some harrowing inci
dents of the first great eruption. Victor Sutherland was
killed in his shop in the Carlb country and it remained
closed for three days. When the door was opened on May
11 eighty-seven bodies, badly decomposed, were found. In
some instances corpses were found in the same postures in
which they were when death came. The manager of one
of the plantations was discovered sitting with his pipe
uplifted, as If in the act of smoking; women were found
in their chairs with garments in their laps and hands,
which they had been sewing. Others had fallen at their
¦washtubs, with the garments still clutched in their hands.
Some were found on the kitchen floor, where they had
been preparing the midday meal. After the holocaust the
saost eloquent pen could not describe the devastation. One
vast, dreary wilderness, strewn with corpses, greeted the
eye in all directions. Wallibou River was a solid bed of
cinders. The scene all along the roads was terribly ap
palling — worse than the horrors of war. Women with little
children huddled to their breasts lay indiscriminately along
the route. The corpses of men and of animals were scat
tered about promiscuously and in hideous confusion. At
Waterloo the dead bodies were so numerous and so closely
packed together that they could scarcely be counted. In
a laborer's house the wing of the hut had to be broken
to get out the dead.
The eruption of Soufriere appears to have been of even
greater violence than that of Pelee. Ashes filled the air
at Barbadoes, ninety miles to the east, darkening the sky
at midday, while in the island of Trinidad, about 150 miles
couth, the light of the sun was dimmed, detonations like
cannonading were hecrd, and the people of Port of Spain
thought that the Venezuelan gunboats had engaged the
rebel steamer Ban Righ in battle. The steamer Louisi
anian, at a great distance from St. Vincent, had her decks
covered with ashes and steamed through an atmosphere
that suggested the heat from an oven.
It is a singular facf* that, notwithstanding the small
area of St. Vincent Island, the earthquakes preceding the
eruption were not generally felt, while at Chateau" Belair
they were almost incessant. On May 7 there were sixty
Bhocks in four hours, one of which demolished several
dwelling houses.
An abyss about four hundred feet deep and two hun
dred feet in width, which existed between Langley Park
and Rabacca, about five miles from Soufriere, was com
pletely filled up with lava.
The estimated area of cultivated land destroyed ap
proximates sixteen square miles, and the loss of life on
St. Vincent Island is from three to five thousand. Three
thousand families were made homeless.
The sight of old men and women trudging into Kings
town with their packs on their backs was pitiful. Some
had walked twenty or thirty miles, hungry and footsore.
The captain of the Dixie found that while the few sur
vivors at Martinique were plentifully supplied with pro
visiors and clcthinsj, the condition in St. Vincent was much
¦worse, and lighters were soon busy unloading the balance
cf tho Dixie's cargo. /
soon a telephone message stated that the flow had not
been considerable.
. Little did the excursionists dream that on to-morrow
they would lie 'hurled under blankets of this dust, and
that cargoes of \','gray flour from America" would be hur
rying to relieve :the^distress of the few survivors.
On May >5,. thejday. following the picnic to Pelee, came
the great 'avalanche.,: of ashes, mud and hot rocks that
wrecked, the iGuwin sugar factory, but singularly enough
the Governor," and -his; administration sought to prevent tne
flight of refugees n j to a place of safety. Soldiers were or
dered to turn them back, and Les Colonies on May 7 (the
very last .paper^issued) said editorially:
"Notwithstanding the efforts of the Governor and ad-
The excursionists who returned from the picnic to
Morne Pelee indulged in- a bit of satire at the expense of
America's chief product. They declared, according to Lea
Colonies, that on the mountain they had trudged all day
long through dust that looked like "the gray flour from
America." . ' ; . ¦• ¦
~ As Romain was esteemed a reputable and veracious
citizen by his townsmen, this may be taken as a reliable
description of the appearance of the crater^ just previous
to the eruption.
The issue of Les Colonies of Monday, May 5, in its ac
count of the picnic, says that great clouds of steam from
the crater prevented a good view, but that the party
trudged over the mountain with guides and returned home
in the evening, rather disappointed with what they had
seen. While on'the mountain they were told what Jules
Romain,' a property holder of Morne Pavillat, had seen at
Pelee's crater as early as Aprillo. On that day he decided
to leave the neighborhood, having observed light emitted
from the crater for several successive evenings. He re
solved to have one last look into the crater, however, and
did so. He compared the. crater with a huge "bblong
caldron. In which seethed and bubbled a black mixture,
in appearance not unlike the contents of the big kettles
in the sugar factories. The black mass, as it bubbled, rose
and fell, sometimes rising in the crater till it overflowed
and ran down the mountain slides in rivulets.
phrases of a circus advertisement:
"We call attention to the fact that next Sunday, May
4, a grand excursion to Morne Pelee will take place, or
ganized and conducted by the members of the Gymnastic
and Shooting Society. Those who have never witnessed
this magnificent panorama, offered to the eye of the as
tonished spectator at»an altitude of 1300 meters; those who
have never seen the yawning chasm from which there have
escaped these last few days those thick clouds of smoke
and steam, which have not failed to cause terror to
of the more timid of our people, should profit by this grand
opportunity and 1 have their names enrolled at the office
of the society by this evening at the latest. The excur
sionists will meet at 3:30 a. m. sharp on Sunday at Marche
du Fort, and will then proceed to Riviere Blanche and to
Isnard, where, guides will be found. Those who do not
care to bring their luncheon with them may be so bounti
fully supplied at a cost of 3 francs each that they will not
regret the absence of their own food. According to the
lists we have received, the company will be very numer
ous.' If the weather is -fine the excursionists will spend
the day pn the -mountain. It Is well understood that by
reason of this expedition the regular Sunday target prac
tice at the Botanical Garden will be abandoned."
Under the date of May 2 (five days before the first
eruption) Les Colonies printed a display advertisement an
nouncing a gay picnic party to Pelee. Under the general
caption of "Echoes" and the sub-head "Toward Mont Pe
lee"'this announcement appeared, couched in the alluring
The chaplain of the Dixie, Father McGrail, was one of
the fortunate ones who secured copies -of the little St.
Pierre daily, and the corps of correspondents are indebted
to him for a liberal translation from the French— a faith
ful report of what happened in the city up to the very
end. the. last issue being dated May 7 (the day before the
eruption).
The physicians say that R.ita will recover, though her
pretty face will be sadly, disfigured. As we were leaving
the captain' of the French cruiser Suchet called to inquire
after her health and brought her a' box of bonbons. Cap
tain Berry of the Dixie' ordered ice to be sent and such
delicacies as the ship afforded, while the newspaper corre
spondents proposed a subscription for her benefit.
The files of Les Colonies, a little daily afternoon paper,
are being preserved jealously at Fort de France, for they
contain the only authentic record of the last days of- St.
Pierre. ......
we. will take them on deck to see the volcano.' Then the
captain called for all to come on deck and see a 'real vol
cano' in eruption. We all went out. By this time the
Roraima had ventured into the roadstead and /lay at
anchor. The volcano was smoking and steaming, and
ashes floating in the air settled over the deck. I was
afraid they would spoil the nice white dresses of the chil
dren, and said I would take them below. Suddenly there
was a great upheaval of the mountain top; a great mass
shot into the sky. The air around the ship became blind
ing with dust. *A hot wave shot past us and nearly car
ried us off our feet. As we ran to our stateroom and closed
the door after us we heard the captain cry, 'I fear the
ship is lost.' The air in our stateroom was by this time
intensely hot, blistered our faces and hands, and we
gasped for breath.- I thrust Rita behind me and tried to
shield her face with my skirts. I held the smallest child
in my right arm. Mrs. Stokes, who was badly burned,
cried hysterically as she realized she was dying. She fell
on her knees and prayed, and exacted from me a promise
to always care for the children: - As her cries ceased the
steamer gave a great lurch. The little boy, who had been
leaning against the door, fell out into the passageway.
With Rita and the baby I made my way out. The scenes
I witnessed are too awful and harrowing to relate. The
clothing of the men was burning; the deck was covered
with hot ashes and rocks. Men lay writhing In agony on
the deck. How we all lived through the terrible ordeal T
will never know. The baby in" my arms was dead, the
doctor told me. I returned for the boy. His body was
found in the passageway and that of Mrs. Stokes in the
stateroom. In the afternoon about 3 o'clock we saw a
steamer approaching us cautiously. It was the Suchet, and
she carried us to Fort de France. Every one has been
very kind to us in the hospital, and when we are able we
will sail for Barbadoes."
"What shall we say to your friends in New York,
Rita?" we asked the child.
"Just tell Mamie McCarthy about it.' she\said simply.
"Mamie McCarthy is her little playmate in Brooklyn,"
the nurse explained.
His story was told to the Bishop at Mo me Rouge from
which it appears that the convict's escape from death was
due to his incarceration in an interior cell, situated under
ground. He had been an obstreperous prisoner and as a
punishment. he was locked in the "dungeon." 'According
to his story, he heird the detonations from Pelee and the
excitement In the cells overhead; felt some of the stifling
heat and breathed the gas, but not enough to asphyxiate
him. He suffered for four days, meanwhile trying to at
tract attention by ioud cries, but the situation of the in
terior cell made it a tomb, through which his cries for
help scarcely penetrated. They were finally heard by a
rescuing party, however, and he was believed to be in a
dying condition. Being furnished with food and water, he
revived and was taken to the estate of Ferdinand Clerc.
near Morne Rouge. He was badly injured by the fumes
and by the deprivation of food and water, and his recovery
is considered doubtful. At' Morne Rouge his story was
told to the Bishop and to M: Clerc, and therefore appears
to be well authenticated. If the negro lives he will doubt
less be a great demand as a dime museum freak, several
offers having already been cabled him from New York. ¦
ministration, supported by the troops, many of our dtl
??/ ,. h^, e , fle 1J^ ! ay and by n! * ht - taking their dhildren
and carrying their baggage with them. Yesterday no less
than three hundred took passage on the steamer. We con
fess we cannot understand this wholesale exodus of fool
ish and frenzied people. All along Victor Hugo street to
day people were at their windows. Some repeated un^
founded rumors that the rivieres Roxallne and Depres
had overflowed. At Precheur the state of mind Is deplor
able. Mayor Brelet cannot restore confidence. We repeat
that there is no ground for this alarm, for In case of an
earthquake St. Pierre would be as safe as any place
much safer than Fort de France, at any rate. There are
?«°. me> * h , owe £ET: who are Philosophical and will have their
little joke. This morning we heard some one at a window
foudl * " a PUy WB ° an>t Sleep ' yet Pelee l3 9 nortn «
After the destruction of the Guerin sugar factory on
*%*¥,?' ™ th ™ an y, of tR e citizens ready to take flight, some
of St. Pierre's citizens, scoffing at danger, were in the
throes of political dissension. It was stated by Les Colonies
of May 7 that when supplies reaching St. Pierre for the
relief of some of th<? victims of the Guerin sugar factory's
destruction were unloaded from lighters hungry crowds
besieged the soldiers in charge of the distribution but no
one was supplied unless he had a meal ticket signed by the
Mayor. Les Colonies protested against this attempt to
make political capital for the Mayor's candidate for the
Legislature (on the radical socialist ticket), M. Percin as a
disgrace and outrage, and announced that on the following
day (May 8) the Colonial Alliance party would meet to
examine the books of the relief fund treasurer. But on
that fateful day the Mayor, his candidate for the Legisla
ture, the entire radical socialist party and the opposition
Colonial Alliance slept in a common grave.
The story of the miraculous escape of a negro confined
in prison at St. Pierre appears to be well founded. His
name is Raoul Sartout, alias Plensin. He was convicted of
petty larceny and was serving his sentence when the emo
tion occurred. Of the population of 30,000 souls he Is tha
sole survivor.
"We were en route to Barbadoes to live in future with
Mrs. Stokes' sister, Mrs. J. E. Croney," said Clara King,
"for Mr. Stokes, who has been employed as bookkeeper
by Mahler Brothers at Sixth avenue and Thirty-flrst street,
New York, had died of pneumonia about three weeks be
fore. The family had resided at 349 Twelfth street, Brook
lyn. On the Roraima were Mrs. Stokes, Rita, a little boy
of four and a half years and a girl of three. We ap
proached St. Pierre about 6 a. m. on May 8, but as the vol
cano was smoking and steaming and ashes filled the air
and covered the deck the captain decided to cruise for a
while In open sea, as he considered it unwise to anchor.
Mrs. Stokes said to me: 'Clara, it is just four weeks since
X.v. Stokes died. Wash and dress the children nicely, and
The wee girl gratefully received a bunch of flowers and
gazed wistfully at them when placed In a bowl by her cot.
She feebly muttered her thanks, and in reply »to a few
questions faintly murmured that Rita was her name and
said she was nine years of age. Then, as the nurse, Clara
King, an intelligent mulatto woman, gave us a vivid ac
count of the agonizing scenes on the Roraima and told
pathetically of the death of Rita's mother, brother and
sister, the little sufferer lay in her cot with a sad light
in her blue eyes, for she was not too young to realize her
terrible affliction and bereavement. i
In company with Father Reaney, one of the Dixie's
chaplains, I called at the monastery at Fort de France
and we obtained data concerning the Catholic institutions
destroyed in St. Pierre, viz., five parish churches and twen
ty-live hospitals. In all, twenty-four priests perished,
thiiteen belonging to the Society of the Holy Ghost and
eleven secular priests. Seventy-two sisters lost their Hve3,
of which thirty-three were of St. Joseph's Sisterhood,
twenty-eight of St. Paul's de Chartres and eleven of the
Society of the Deliverance (natives).
One of the most pathetic features of the terrible dis
aster was the injury and bereavement of little Margarita
Stokes of Brooklyn. She lies on a cot in the hospital of
St. Louise, Fort de P'rance. It is situated on a beautiful
eminence overlooking the town and sea. We were con
ducted by the sisters to a large ward, wherein were at
least fifty patients, most of them victims of terrible burns.
Two rows of beds were ranged along the sides of the long
room. The occupants were all negroes — all but one — and
from the coverlets of that little cot peered the wistful face
of a child — a face once pretty, but now frightfully scarred
and distorted. By her side, in the same cot, lay her nurse,
Clara King, who seems to have been burned only on her
limbs. These two are the survivors of the Stokes family.
The mother perished on the Roraima in St. Pierre road
stead. , -\ ,.'•
Curiously enough, the well-to-do English residents of
Kingstown, especially the merchants, did not welcome
America's lavish contributions, for, they said,' the enor
•mous' importation ->f food and clothing could not fail to
injure the trade of Kingstown merchants; and when told
that Congress would likely increase the relief appropria
tion to a half-million dollars and that President Roose
velt's committee of two in each State of the Union would
probably swell the relief fund to a million, they shook
their heads ominously and predicted "bad( times."
"It is not the very poor who suffer most by these dis
asters," said a Kingstown banker, "but the middle class,
the merchants."
Ccntimied From Page Thirteen.
Wells"- is Just such a.; role, in. which he
has a hopeless love /through the majo'r
portion of the play, and in his big rep 1
p'ertoire there are many others which are
even stronger examples. Indeed his great
est popularity has been won as the de-
formance and in which she is said to be
the most ideal Juliet on the stage. She
will make it next week the star attraction
of her engagement at the Grand Opera
house, with Edward J. Morgan as Romeo,
another actor famous, by the way, for his
dejected lover roles, notably in "Tho
Christian" and "The Liars." He ought to
be an ideal. Romeo to Miss Fealy's ideal
Juliet.
SUNDAY CALL REPRESENTATIVE; VIEWS HORRORS OF* MARTINIQUE
men are now proportionally the 'inore
emotional and effeminate of the sexes.
Perhaps a better reason, however, Is
found in the explanation that whereas the
dramatic possibilities of the old time mas
ternteces lay entirely between the heroine
and the heavy villain, with the devotion
of the hero thrown in simply as a reward
of virtue for. the heroine, the discovery
jected lover, perhaps because he can por
tray such a character more poetically,
more convincingly, more pathetically and
yet, withal, with more manly qualities
than any other actor on the stage.
His earliest success as the dejected lover
was as Kerchival West in "Shenandoah."
After this came Mr. Owen in "Liberty
Hall." More recently cam* his triumph
as Eric Ternple in "Heartsease," which
only his genius as a lover saved from ut
ter failure at its initial performance, and
raised to wonderful success after the play
had been partly rewritten under his di
rection.
fThen followed his remarkable portrayal
of Sydney Carton, the man who loves and
loses in "The Only Way"; the English
officer who loves and loses in "Brother
Officers" and the husband who loves and
loses and dies for his love in "The Tree
of Knowledge." In "The Adventures of
Lady Ursula" he was the man who, hav
ing been the victim of an unhappy love
. affair, detests all women, and besides his
successes in "Heartsease." "The Only
Way," ."Trelawny of the Wells," etc., he
will have a fine part as Sir Harry Milan
or, who is thrown overOby a flirt.
In contrast to these roles, however, he
will have excellent opportunity to display
his talents as lovers of different sorts in
the two successes of the present Empire
Theater season. "The Wilderness" and
"The Twin Sister," and also In Sydney
Grundy's costume pla.v "Frocks and
Reasons galore have been advanced to
explain this strange condition of affairs.
Some have it that as this is the age of the
athletic girl women have become less hys
terical and more worldly wise than they
were only a generation ago; that, in brief.
Just look «over the long list of recent
big successes and you'll be surprised to
note how many have their central theme
revolving round the man who loves and
loses, or, if he wins, it is by little more
than the author's dramatic license. But
whether he wins or loses it is his heart
sick longings, his hopes and fears, his bit
ter disappointments that now bring the
tears rather than the soul suffering of the
stage heroine. Indeed, to preserve the
law of proportion the heroine has become
almost blithe and gay as the hero has
sunk in the scale of sadness. Curiously,
too, the list of male stars has grown with
the growing popularity of the dejected
lover, while the list of actresses who have
triumphantly attained that proud emi
nence has sunk in the same ratio.
£"1"v IME was, and not so very tang ago.
I either, that theater-goers wept
I most copiously over the tribula
i tions of the deceived, betrayed and
JL down-trodden heroine. But times
have changed. Now it is the man who
loves and loses who is the popular mati
nee idol, for the passion for dejected stage
lovers— the more dejected the better— has
grown swiftly apace.
Drew, however, is only one of the many
stage favorites who express such a fond
ness for the role of the man who loves
and loses, though in this line Henry Miller,
who has just completed the first week
of his long summer engagement at the
Columbia, stands high above all the
others. His part in "Trelawny of the
A good example of this was recently
shown us by John Drew as the man who
loves and loses in "The Second in Com
mand." In this play there were, more
properly two men with an apparently
hopeless love and the author completely
overshadowed everything else in the piece
to maintain the tensity of their wavering
hopes. It was quite a masterpiece in
contrasts of the triumph of the lover who
loses over the lover who wins. That is
the second big success that Drew has had
of this sort and he admits himself that
he likes such roles best.- ;-.V ';
In the new scheme of modern psyco
logical stage romances it is the hero's
heart that is laid bare and dissected of
every emotion for the edification of a
breathless audience, 'o' '
has just been made that the devotion of
the hero is no longer taken as a matter
of course, but that instead men do love
deeply and passionately, and yet, withal,
with a singleness of purpose and un
swerving devotion that makes their suf
ferings quite as. keen as if less spectacu
lar than the trials of the weaker sex.
Frills," John Hare's big hit "The Gay
Lord Quex" and Mra. Dane' 3 Defense.*
-which latter, by the way, calls attention
to the fact that Margaret Anglin, of all
the women of the stage who have recent
ly attained to the dignity of a star, has
won her greatest success as the woman
who loves and loses. In "The Wilderness"
and "The Twin Sisters'/^she has two very
strong roles, while we all know what a
thrilling personation was her acting of
the name part in "Mrs. Dane's Defense"
at the Columbia last season.
Another actor who has won no small
measure of his notable success as a star
for his impersonation of the dejected
lover is James Neil, at the California
Theater. Among the plays that have
demonstrated -his ability in this direction
are "Captain Swift," who commits suicide*
for the woman he loves; "The Social
Highwayman," "Captain Letterblair.**
"Barbara Freltsche," "Under the Red
Robe" and "A Bachelor's Romance."
As exceptions to the growing pre-em
inence of the man who loves and loses
are dainty little Maude Fealy at the
Grand Opera-house and Florence Roberts
at the Alcazar. Both of them, however,
have gained title and fame for I them
selves in the theatrical profession more
for their acting of women who love and
lose than for any other roles they play.
Note Florence Roberts' present success
in "Zaza," and before that her display of
talent in "Sapho" and "Camille," both
roles in which the heroine loves and loses.
Maude Fealy, by the Fame token, has
created the biggest sensation in her whole
career, which has been an exceptionally
brilliant one, in the role of Juliet. In
which she rose to fame in a single per-
14
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE GROWING CRAZE FOR
DEJECTED STAGE LOVERS3-«
straight preach, preach, preach, all day,
only that instead of sermons his preach
ings are called lectures. Oakland, Ala
meda and San. Francisco, take turns
through the day. ;
On week days It 1? more like the life
of a man at the head of a big corpora
tion, with the fifteen societies and sub
societies in three" towns like so many
branch houses of the concern.
Benjamin Fay Mills begins the day in a
way that would make a study for the
artist who did that other picture called
"Love's Awakening." He is kissed awake
by two curly-haired mites, who never
dream Of fearing this man whom they
know rather as a romping playfellow
than as a stem: parent with too many'
big things to think about to ever stop a
minute and have fun,
' Before he Is ready for breakfast there
Is a telephone call from the secretary of
the Unity Club, In San Francisco, as that
branch of the Mills corporation is called
There is always something to discuss, as'
the Unity Club is very young and grow
ing and has. ambitions to make itself a
power in the intellectual and social life of
San Francisco.
Then there is a telephone talk with the
assistant pastor of. the First Unitarian
Church In Oakland, which has first claim
on ..Benjamin Fay ; Mills. It was this
church that discovered him when he was
hidden among the Piedmont hills seeking
health. It was this church; then puny
and growing punier, that asked him to
come and give it new life. < It asked so
earnestly that Bepjamlri Fay Mills came
down out of. the ; Piedmont hills, forgot
about his health, and .went to work, with
the result that his \ church Is the \ most
flourishing one in; Oakland. . '.
In the first days he lived right in, the
heart of Oakland, where everybody could
find him.and did.. But .as th« work
women's boarding home, -which Is 'the
first step In the way, of institutional work
to be undertaken by the Unity Club of
San , Francisco. , .
There was much to talk about, for t^e
plans are all* in embryo and' the women
did not know that some one else had come
in and Was waiting in the reception-room.
Nor did they. guess when there was a
timid knock at the study door and a wee
maid slipped through the curtains and
into the arms opened toward her, lisping
"Mamma sent you vthese."
"Ah, they are the first of the. season,
are they?" questioned the owner of the
arms, as'he took the bunch of sweet
peas she offered. .-'-..
No, the -women did not know that In th»
language of flowers this meant:
"Have youJ forgotten that some one is
waiting?" ¦-.-.•. ' v \ >. ¦•¦
¦'. It was prettily done. A» expected, the
Interruption •served its purpose, and the
flowers were divided with the visitors as
they rosato go. : •
What with .visits, visitors and telephone
talks, dinner always seems to come be
fore Its time, v f
After dinner , a romp with the children
Is the first thing In order. ; The ; man that
stands before ,an \ audience' two " hours
later, dressed In ministerial garb, discuss
ing '¦. questions of moment, does not look
Uke the, man that Just before vr&a romp
ing, wrestling and playing horse for, two
troubled: drivers. Now and then, ©X a
stray • evening,' the, rough-and-tumble
frolic Is followed by charades and other
games,; in which the older children take
part, arid these are the rarest evenings
the vMills family, knows.. . " ..:; i^f- j
For the- other evenings there are Unity
Club entertainments,' ' dinners where
speeches are expected, a talk before thin
society or the other, . an hour or two at
the social - settlement south of Market,
where. the Unity Club hopes to become a
power or good— and what not?. ;'< . .
Yes, it is safe to. say that Benjamin Fay
Mills earns his salary.
gave him new, wholesome impulses and
eased his* mind in regard to the suffering
he has brought upon others. Mr. Mills
goes upon the theory that the world is
a vast gymnasium for the development of
moral -muscle, and it is a not half -bad
doctrine to preach, even to a man in Jail.
Then there was a woman to be seen who
had herself wrought up to the point of
thinking she wanted a divorce from her
husband, and who needed only to be
shown that she had made a mistake Jn'
living only to be loved and not to do the
loving. Only. a' minister knows how many
people there are who like to share their.
..troubles with some _ one, any one .with a
listening ear and a sympathetic word.
Old, young and middle-aged they come,
each with a" trouble that seems.vital; and
the minister is expected to have his pock
ets full of mental and moral cure-alls. ;/
Home again, , to find a man waiting to
talk over matters connected with the col
lege of religion and ethics, which in the
Oakland Unitarian Church takes the
place^of the : old-fashioned Sunday-schooL ¦
He was followed by two Women inter--.
• ested in the : establishment, of a young
*.**-¦**¦¦/. ¦-,- ;,z ;¦«.; V- *. ¦'¦¦'-.'¦ «^;- W : *£*< -^~<.~'-±^~-->?: I *
gETNG a preacher Is not half bad
if you can be a preacher and not
have to depend on donation parties
and stray Invitations to dinner for
. a. living.
If Benjamin Fay Mills ever had to de
pend upon that sort of thing he has out
grown it, just as he has outgrown certain
creeds and church forms. Now he gets
some goodly thousands a year for his ser
vices, and no one who h&s tagged at his
heels for a day could deny that he earns
them.
Of course, Benjamin Fay. Mills spends
less time on his knees and more at his
desk than most men who wear iong-tailed
coats and white ties; but that is because
his religion contains a strong flavor of
everyday ethics and a smattering of so
cial science, economics and other wfiole
some ingredients that have to do with the
world, the flesh and the devil and their
,-ways. . ¦
pvery day with him is a busy day.
On Sunday there is less of variety. It Is
grew and'he" was called to Xlameda for
an .afternoon service, and to San Fran
cisco In the evening, and as he began to
put Into execution some ideas of what ">
the modern church should be, he found
that one man was not bier enough to go
round if he- was to be get-at-able -at. all
hours of the" day and night by all sorts
conditions • of people with all kind3
of axes to grind and grievances to unload.
So he moved back to the very edge of the
Piedmont hills, where he, could be half :
in town, half in the country; where from
his study windows he could- haveifor an
outlook on one side his town "garden, : on
the other a\ stretch of green fields, a lake,
the farther hills and in the distance East
Oakland and Alameda,' Here he is, close .
to, the " nature v that he loves- and -far
enough away to, sort out his visitors.
. After breakfast there is the mail— and
such mail. Letters from good people, who
weep and pray over this man because he
does not think as they, do; letters pages
long and fathoms deep from people whosa
jWheels have slipped. £. cog; letters from
visionary' founders of strange sects and t
occult orders, 1 who want him to join them; *
letters from men and women, from whom
old faiths are slipping and .who want
friendly, sympathetic counsel; letters of
fering a last chance to get in | on i tha
ground floor of a sure-thing scheme: let
ters, some of them that never get beyond
the secretary, and others that have in-".
Btant attention; letters sweet and helpful
<o a man whose business it is to do for
others; letters stupid, silly and inane; oh,
jes, and bills.
No wonder the: desk of . Ben jamin Fay ¦
Mills looks like a magnified mouse nest.
No wonder* the pigeon holes look as if
they would/ burst their wooden sides.
v After an hour . with his , secretary Mr.
Mills is ready for a breathing spelland
every morning at -this time he goes with
his wife for a stroll out in the fields or by
1 the edge of the lake. So much a part of
one soul are these two t^iat at this" hour
the man plans aloud as if he were think
ing to himself, or if the lecture he- Is
writing is far enough along he talks it
over and gets suggestions and advice.
Then it is time for study. Perhaps Mr.
Mills has carried with him an umbrella,
books and a writing pad. If so, when he
Is left alone, he stretches full length
among the grass and wild flowers to read
and think and scribble down thoughts
that are worth saving.
The smooth green lawn at the edge of
his own garden is another favorite place
for study; and still another is a corner
of the upper balcony where, with an um
brella stuck -in the front of hia waistcoat
and his feet on the window sill, he is the
picture of comfort, safe • from intrusion.
Until noon he must not be interrupted
save for urgent reason. This every mem
ber of the household," down to the .tiniest
tot, knows and only one of Mr. Mills' as
sistants or Bome one with an important
mission can break the rule. In this event
a gong is sounded that can be heard out
¦ in the field or on the roof. In answer
down* goes the umbrella and the man
comes from his books to make arrange
ments with some one to lecture before
the Unity Club, to offer consolation to
tome one who is facing a keen sorrow,
or to greet an old friend from a distance
who is leaving town that afternoon.
When the creative mood -is on, Mr.
Mills needs the whole* house. He tramps
up and down his study, wanders upstairs
and down, and perhaps into the garden.
. The physical exertion seems to aid men
tal parturition. He can never tell where
a thought will be born; and as he paces
the flopr he carries a notebook in his
' hand ( to be ready when it comes.
r*»13iS.*SK>c"ket i«talway3 . of cards so
that wherever he is when he has a hap
py thought he' can book it. It is a com
mon thing to see Mr. Mills tumble off hia
¦wheel in the middle of a busy thorough
fare, or ride up against a fence by the
rcadslde, take out a card and make a
note of something that has come into hia
head as he pedals along.
These notes in time find their way to
a certain drawer of his desk. Mr. Mills
has a sort of progressive lecture-writing
system all his own. When he decides on
a topic or a line of thought, down it goes
on a slip and into the lower right-hand
drawer. •
By and by some of these begin to grow.
Just a hint of something more, a reference,
a.quotation or an incident that serves to
illustrate a point, each, perhaps, jotted
down en a separate scrap of paper. When
they reach this stage, they go into the
upper right-hand drawer, though many
never get past the first. .
Then when one is selected and put into
some kind of shape and worked upon am/
thought upon during a period of striding
up and down the study floor, it is ad
vanced to the lower left-hand drawer.
This drawer is -kept' reasonably full, , for
often when Mr. Mills is .working at top
speed on one lecture he is brought up
with a jerk by a thought presenting itself
that belongs to another subject, and he
goes into drawer, number two, matches up
the thoughts and works on the other one
awhile. His mind isn't a nice, orderly
one that, grinds away like a hand organ
with a. single tune. ' -: '''*.-' \
v When the sermon is complete it is pro
moted to the top drawer to await an oc
casion that may or may not come. Per
haps just as it is finished ' a subject of.
current interest presents itself, is worked
out at, once and crowds the other aside
,eo that it never seems to be the right;
thing, at the right time.
At noon there is a' -wedding at ; the
church, and this means an hour and a
half or two out of the middle of the day.
Other days it is a funeral and that takes
all afternoon. But this is, where a pastor
gets right into the lives of his people, and.
¦with all the work he has in connection
with three congregations, Mr. Mills is
loath to leave the pastoral duties to hia
assistant.
"I like to go to funerals," he declares,
?'and I like to have people come to me
with their perplexities. That is a part of
my business. ' I believe in the \ eternal
good; I believe in the right; I do not fear
anything in the present or the hereafter;
and when I can carry that spirit into
other lives I like to do It. Only now and
then the gloom of others settles down
I upon me like a miasma and I have to
fight to shake it off."
After the wedding, home again; and as
on days when he is at home for luncheon,
the next quarter of an hour is spent in the
garden, cutting roses r>r strolling along
the paths with the two -little curly-heads
for. company. \ Of a Sunday morning, too,
there are always a few minutes spent in
the garden before church, for the place is
soothing and . restful and coaxes t good
thoughts. ;
. And now comes the secret of the stay
ing qualities of Benjamin Fay Mill 3.
Every day., for the first hour of the aft
ernoon he goes to bed. None of your,put
tlng on" a dressing sack, and lounging In
half rhear ted f fashion on a couch, but
blinds drawn, undressed j and to bed and
to sleep. And by this Mr. Mills claims he
gains an extra day every day.
After, the rest-hour,. visits. Not th© reg
ular pastoral how-do-you-do and how-ls
the-family visits,; so many dozen to the
afternoon and a, duty r done; but : visits'
made in answer to the cry of.eouls In need
'of helpi ..'/¦ ;¦'; '• ; ¦ .' -, ' '¦>]« \ <_ - ¦,
-First it was to see a man in Jail -who
had sentj for him; a man who. had made
himself believe he was worrying solely on
account of his wife and child, a' large, un
selfish sort, of worry. But a good, sensi
ble talk with the pastor made him un
twist his way of viewing his own case;
15
" THE SUNDAY CALL.
A Day With a MinisterTHE STTNDAY CALL.
16PRICE FIVE CEN^S.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 15.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902^-FORTY^^PAGrES.
FA VORS AIDING
WORKING PEOPLE
AMERICAN WOMEN WHO FIGURE IN ANTE-CORONATJON FUNC
TIONS. THE DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH WAS FORMERLY CON
;ft SUELO VANDERBILT AND THE COUNTESS ' OF CRAVEN IS A
;_ DAUGHTER OF MRS. BRADLEY-MARTIN.
Continued on Page Eighteen.
CAPTAIN OF CAVALRY
TO BE COTTBT-MABTIALED
American Officer Alleged to Have
Been Unnecessarily Severe on
Filipinos.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— By direction
of the President a general court-martial
has been appointed to meet at Manila on
June 16 for the trial' ot Captain James
A. Ryan, Fifteenth Cavalry, on the charge
that he was unnecessarily severe and ar
bitrary in his dealings with thena'tives
of the province where he was stationed In
the Philippines. The court also will try
"such other officers as may be brought
before it." This Is the usual order \ in
court-martial cases and may or may not
have any significance. ' The detail for the
Visitors in ILondon Are Overwhelmed
LONDON. June 14. — Seldom has London
seen such, profusion of American enter
tainments as occurred this week. The
greatest international and social event of
the season waa the dinner of Joseph H.
Choate, tfie United States Embassador.
and Mre. Choate to Kins Edward and
Queen Alexandra -on Wednesday, and
since the arrival of the United States
special embassador to the coronation.
Whitelaw Held, all officialdom ha= been
leaving cards at the residence of j Amer
ica's special envoy. "
Mrs. Crocker and her step<TSughter»,
by Invitations.
AMEBICANS VEBY POPTJLAB.
117 Jnne 14> ~" Senator. Elkins to-day Introduced a Joint resolution In the Senate pro.
l/l/ Tiding for; the anneiatlon of Caba and ; lta admligion as "a State of the, Union. The resolution
r r Krant* the consent of Consreiito' the erection of the republic of Cuba an a State of the Union, 1
"to be called the State of Cuba, with a republican form of government, a to be
adopted by the people of said republic by deputies in convention assembled with the con-^
¦ent of the existing Government." A condition is specified that the constitution of the proposed State
shall be submitted to Conj?reK» not -later than January 1, 1004. There is a provision that the debts
of Cuba shall not become a charge upon the general Government. There Is also an alternative Nprovl
sion, giving: the President, If he prefers, povrer . to proceed in a more direct way.'for Cuba's admission
as; a' State. This provision permits the admission under the terms of the resolution itself, "instead of
proceeding: 'to submit the resolution to. Cuba as an overture on the part ;'of the United: States." If this'
latter course Is pursued a State Is to be. formed "out of the present republic of Cuba, with, a .republi
can form of , government and with representatives . in Congress, and be admitted into the. Union by
this act, on . an equal; footing with /the existing States, as soon as the terms and conditions of , such
admission shall be agreed upon by the Governments of the republic of Cuba and the United States.".
The resolution. provides for the appropriation of $100,000 to carry its provisions into effect. •" .':
Senator Eiklns, speaking of the resolution Introduced for the annexation of Cuba, said that Texas
vras. admitted under precisely the same terms as this resolution provided for Cuba. He said ihe, pre-~
ferrcd the adminslon of Cuba in preference to granting $O,OOO,OOO, a year ' on her account ¦ out of : - the
revenues, without knowing where it would go. By providing for 'the admission of Cuba, there would
be no difference in the Itepublicnn party on the subject 'of : tariff relations -with the' island.'-',".
UNITED STATES SENATOR
-> STEPHEN B. ELKINS 1 OF
WEST VIRGINIA. '
PLAY WATCHING GAME.
The Liberals are playing a . watching
game. If the Government decides to dis
solve Parliament it will be met with the
bllter opposition of the Liberals, who. will,
then openly declare that; the royal pre
rcgative has been abused.
In this contention they will have general
support, for 'apart from the merits of the
ense scarcely any members- of what is
comparatively , a new Parliament desire
to so soon go through the expenses and
worry of another general election.
Speculators .- inO the street- coronation
He apparently sees no reason why the
Government ' should not reap' the fruits of
the recent victory for the next few years.
The King, on 'the other hand, and he is
supposed. in this to be much influenced by
Lord Rosebery, believes in the ancient
custom that the death of the sovereign
involves a dissolution of Parliament. Kins
Edward 'is the first sovereign whose suc
cession has not been followed by a me
chanical'dissolution. The king is under
stood to take the standpoint that this i3
not his Parliament, it having been elected
before his accession, and apart from any
political' prejudices, he wishes' to 'feel that
the House of Commons has. been elected
by the, people under his rule, according to
all precedent. So strongly has thisreport
gained ground that the party organiza
tions are already taking steps to select
candidates for. the various ; seats, though
the highest officials seem to bave.no
definite idea as to how the struggle be
tween the aged Premier and the "new sov
ereign will eventually end.
the King did not see him or he waa pre
occupied. However It was, his Majesty,
without acknowledging the obeisance,
beckoned to some one else almost directly
behind the Duke and asked him to come
to the private royal supper. The person
addressed happened to be'nobody as re
gards rank, and the Duke of Somerset,
who is the fifteenth Duke of that name,
the title dating ' from 1546, was very
wroth. He went home And wrote a let
ter, saying he regretted his sovereign saw
fit to disregard him so publicly. Tha
King's secretary answered the letter, say
ing It was all a mistake and would noc
occur again. Society gossip adds that the
Duke and Duchess of Somerset say it ce**
tainly will not reoccur, as they have o9
intention of again attending court.
Foster was married and he and his wife
went from this city to Good Ground, L.
I., for an outing. Miss Lawrence waa
staying at a hotel there with her mother.
Miss Lawrence left the hotel Monday
night and walked toward Shinnecock Bay,
where ehe Is said to have met Foster.
Several persons, are sa.- to have, seen
them eating at a hotel on the bay and
that a young man friend of Miss Law
rence was with thejtn. This young man
left Good Ground the next day and has
not been seen since. ' ¦ I
' The coroner's inquiry into the case re
sulted in a verdict of accidental drown
ing.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The body of
Clarence Foster, who had been missing
since Monday night, was found in Shin
necock Bay, Long, Island, to-day. The
head and face were battered and there
were marks of. violence which were re
garded as indicating that he was mur
dered and his body thrown into the bay.
Later in the day the body of Miss Sarah
Lawrence, in whose company ..Foster was
last seen, was found- in- Sbinnecock Bay,
near where Foster's body! was found.
Tragedy, but Fails to Substan
: tiate Murder Theory.
Coroner Investigates a Strange
MAN AND A WOMAN
ACCIDENTALLY DROWNED
Officials Enter General Denial of the
Bribery Story.
BOSTON, June 14.— General Leonard
Wood to-night said there was nothing to
the New Orleans story to the effect that
a sum of money was paid General Gomez
in order that he might not. oppose General
Palma. . :,"'.-¦
WASHINGTON,. June 14.— Regarding a
story emanating from New j Orleans to
day to the effect that^General Gomez re
ceived a $25,000 bribe from the adminis
tration to .withdraw from the Cuban cam
paign, thereby, permitting the election of
President ¦ Palma. .it was stated to-night
by an official close to President Roosevelt
that he had never before heard of it.
Secretary Hay said that not until his at
tention was called to the story had he
received the slightest Intimation of it'from
any' source. '
•Secretary Root thought the story was
undoubtedly; an exaggeration of General
Wood's action in granting a pension to
General Gomez. The statement that Gen
eral Wood had paid General Gomez money
to withdraw from the Cuban campaign,
Secretary Root said, was absurd on its'
face, as. Gomez was one of President
Palma' s warmest friends.
NOTHING TO IT, SAYS WOOD.
ELKINS FOR
ANNEXATION
OF REPUBLIC
-my ONDON, June 14.— Considering
jSJr* that London's streets are al
oj ready bedecked for the.corona-
B . tion with festoons, flags and
fc\ miy arches, though sadly be-
draggled by rain, it is small
wonder that the . King fills the cen
ter of the stage. Before dinner
of Embassador and Mrs. Choate it had
been the custom of those meeting their
majesties at private houses , to "kiss
hands," but his Majesty sent special word,
that he desired that this ceremony be not
observed'* when he. set foot on American
soil, -which Choate's house is%suppos»ed to
be. The omission created much comment
among the English guests, but it was no
small relief to the Aniericans. However,
society had already had some, warning of
the King's desire, for at Epsom^ fte had
word passed around that" he did not de
sire any public hand-kissing in the en
closure, which has . been' a sight' for all
Derby, day crowds. One very fashionable
woman, disregarding the informal injunc
tion, grabbed his Majesty's '.hand and
kissed it, much to the King's embarrass
ment. . -
DIFFEBS FBOM KING.
The relations between King Edward and
the Premier, Lord Salisbury, do not seem
to Improve. According to general belief
In the House of Common? the King wants
Lord Salisbury to dissolve . Parliament
after the coronation and "go to the coun
try," otherwise have a general election,
and the Premier has refused point blank.
London Prepares for
the Coronation
Festivities.
Senator Nelson, who is emphatic in his
declarations that there has been no
change in the situation in consequence
of the President's message, says he is
perfectly willing to assume his share of
responsibility for opposing the proposed
plan for concessions to Cuba. .He asserts
that some of the men who are posing as
friends of the administration's policy are
not sincere in their friendship to that
cause and quietly asserts that there is
nothing in the question involved to justify
making it a party issue resulting in a
serious break.
he proposes to bring the question to the
front at 'this time so that itrmay receive
due consideration. -
uy June 14.— Emperor
B 1» William ia considering the e*
0 tension of the old-age pension
fit la legislation. Conversing, with, .
'JkLJ^P'* a recent American*.- .visitor,
about.'the condition' of ,latv»r
in the •United States," his'"
Majesty sai'3 he was determined 'to make
employers contribute to the support ¦ of.
their .work people when the latter were
eld and Invalided. They should not be
thrown aside like old shoes after having
given all.thc-ir. best years to. their em
ployers. Germany 'already has a fairly
Emperor William Is
Interested in
Labor.
court follows:
Brigadier General B..S. Bisbee, Colonels
Theodore WInt, Sixth Cavalry; William
E." Dougherty, Eighth Infantry, and J. S.
M. Lee, Thirtieth Infantry; Lieutenant
Colonels John F. Stretch, Twenty-eighth
Infantry; C. A..P. Hatfield, Fifth Cavalry,
and George S. Anderson, Sixth Cavalry;
Majors William L. Pitcher. Eighth In
fantry; W.- W. Withersp'oon, Thirteenth
Infantry; William O. Butler, Twenty-fifth
Infantry; C. S. Bishop,* Fifth Cavalry;
O. J. Brown, First Cavalry, and John P.
Ryan, Sixth Cavalry, r with Major Mill
ward F. Wiltse, First Infantry, as Judge
advocate;
The condition of King Albert of Sax
ony continues to be uncertain, but his
Majesty is steadily, growing weaker. Tho
members of' the Saxon Cabinet have no
hope for the King's recovery.
comprehensive . old age pension- sys
tem in operation, but the doles guaran
teed were not sufficient to maintain, the
receivers without private aid. What the
Emperor apparently intends is to. secure
enough to ktep the aged people beyond
want. . . ¦ . ¦"-¦ "¦/-" > ¦'.
Of course they-: ..will .have "to contribute
a portlon.pf : ttfeir, wages, throughout^their
lives;' which the state r wlll invest, supple
mented by a regular quota from their em
ployers. \
-The. upper .house of. the Diet to r day
passed without amendment the second
reading of the bill providing for the Ger
manizing of the Polish provinces of Prus
sia. .
Advocates a Better
Pension System
for Aged.
GERMAN RULER WHO FAVORS
BETTER PENSION SYSTEM FOR
AGED WORKING PEOPLE.
Senator Elkins, in explaining his resolu
tion of to-day providing for the annexa
tion of Cuba, said he had introduced the
proposition of his own intention and with
out consulting any of his associates. He
eaid that If the proposed reciprocity meas
ure should become effective the United
States Government would be pledged to
pay $30,000,000 per year to Cuban sugar
Interests for a period of five years. He
added that if the Government proposes to
take upon itself such a heavy burden it
might as well annex Cuba now as to post
pone it to a later period. He said that
the annexation of Cuba is inevitable and
None of the beet Eugar Republicans
has gone so far as to announce his non
adherence to Tuesday's argument, but
their discussion of the phase of the ques
tion has -given hope to the reciprocity ad
vocates and' lends color to their claim
that in the end they will secure a Repub
lican vote sufficiently large for their pur
poses.
ELKINS EXPLAINS.
There would be no chance for a confer
ence and the bill would then go to the
President, who it is expected would at
tach his signature and thus make a law
of the bill, with the Morris amendment
Included. This provision would, of course,
effect the beet sugar interests equally
with the trust, in proportion to the ex
tent of their refining industry and is not
desired. ! The beet sugar refiners say they
would lose about $500,000 annually, while
the cane sugar refiners would lose $6,000,
000, but they argue that the cane sugar
refiners would still have an advantage in
the reduction on Cuban raw sugar. They
also hesitate to violate the principle of
protection.
LOSS TO REFINEBS.
understanding that such a course would
Inevitably result in the defeat of all leg
islation. Recent developments lead to the
conclusion that if any considerable num
ber of Republicans should adhere to the
determination to vote with the Demo
crats to support the House bill it would
fcass the House.
The critical point will come upon the
acceptance of the House bill with its
amendment for the removal of the differ
ential duty on refined sugar. The beet
sugar Republicans are all protectionists,
and there has been from the beginning a
division as to the expediency of adopting
& policy looking to the abolition of this
duty. This opposition found evidence in
Thursday's beet sugar caucus, but the
decision to stand by the House bill as
amended was secured largely upon the
The desire is to have all this done by
the time the isthmian canal bill is dis
posed of on Thursday, so that the reci
procity bill may be given the first place
in the order of business. The reciprocity
advocates still profess the utmost confi
dence in their ability to pass through the
Sennte any bill that may be recommended
by the committee and caucus. They count
largely upon the unwillingness of Repub
lican members to align themselves strict
ly with the opposition against a bill that
has been made a party measure by the
President's measure, and there are indi
cations that at least in some instances
this prognostication will prove sound.
BEHOVES DIFFERENTIAL.
The present plans of the Senatorial sup
porters of Cuban reciprocity are to press
the question to an issue next week. This
was the result of the conferences held
to-day and yesterday. The Republican
members cf the Committee on Cuban Re
lations will meet either Monday or Tues
day and finally agTee upon the rxa:t
terras of the bill to be reported as a sub
stitut* £oi the House bill.' The measure
thus agreed upon will be reported to a
Republican caucus to be held Tuesday or
Wednesday, and if the caucus indorses
the measure it then will be brought be
fore a meeting cf the full Committee on
Cuban Relations and reported to the
Senate.
TO FIX A SUBSTITUTE.
Cuba was the one topic of discussion at
both ends cf the avenue to-day, but the
most important conference was that held
around Senator Hanna's breakfast table.
The most distinguished guest was Pres
ident Roosevelt himself. He came over
informally to talk over the situation and
the probable effect of the executive mes
sage. Other guests at the breakfast were
Secretary of War Root and Postmaster
General Payne. The subject of Cuba and
the plan of campaign were thoroughly
discussed, and Senator Hanna was able
to report that the message had a good
effect on Congress. The keynote of the
conference, which lasted nearly two
hours, was to force the fighting until vic
tory is won. Senator Hanna will not be
able to give personal attention to the fight
as he left for Cleveland to-night to attend
his daughter's wedding and will not re
turn until next Thursday.
CALtSBUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 14.— The Pres
ident's message has Inspired reciprocity
Senators with fresh courage, and they
are preparing to move and move quick
ly. At the same time Thurber's testi
mony has injured the Cuban cause in the
House, and will make trouble thei"e when
the Senate bill comes up for considera
tion.
CoeciaJ Disuatch to The CalL
"Gomez has posed ,'as a patriot ; before
the Cuban people, • but if was purposely
revealed to .Wood by representatives" of
Gomez that it would take money to Mn
duce him to withdraw his candidacy. And
to make J the matter of financial . recom
pense far any amelioration Gomez' might
bring about more emphatic, as.it .were,
Gomez began to advise his.followers,.ne
groes for the most, part from the. eastern
provinces, to 'take to the woods' in case
they were unable to ... obtain freedom:
Preparations were actually begun by- the
Gomez men' to act in accordance with his
instructions had not Gomez been treated
with and reckoned with."' ,"
POSES AS A PATBIOT.
President. . Palma was the man that was
favored,' and It was decided that. nothing"
should thwart. the well-laid plan to land
Palma. ' \ " v. . ' '.' '.':-¦¦' :'".'•¦. .'.';", *'•'".
wfere .two : reasons why. the '. ad
ministration' at Washington* and' General
WpodTdid not deslre.tc^ have any trouble
at that time.-. One was that it would be
disastrous to the election then in progress
in the States;. the other \was that the ad-,
ministration didn't want Gomez for first
tn- the y woods ,- unless ,tneir \ general was
recognized by, the factions in- Cuban poli
tics as a' candidate- for trie' first. President
ot.the island. "• ¦;.. V ¦",: v ."¦ j-rr, 1 '
"Just before the last McKinley election
the element . in Cuba which recognized
Gomez. as their leader threatened to take
"I know just where* the check for this
sum of money can be found— where to lay
my hands on it. There is no secret about
the payment of this bribe among- the
friends of Wood or those Inside of the se
crets of the administration of affairsun
der Wood. McKinley knew i about it;
Roosevelt knows about it. Wood didn't
make the payment -of his own volition.
Ho was advised to do so by officials at
Washington high in authority. The pay
ment of the money was considered one of
those diplomatic expedients that high of
ficials'of every station have to resort to
at, times. . , .
CAN LOCATE CHECK.
!'It will be disclosed that -Wood paid
$25,000 to Maximo Gomez, with the sanc
tion of the McKinley administration, to
prevent any outbreaks of the populace'vat
the : time of the - last national election in
the United States. .
• NEW ORLEANS, /June 14.— "Within a
week there will be revealed at Washing
ton' the most sensational transaction that
hai yet come to light in connection with
the investigation now going on of .the
expenditures of money made by Governor
Wood'.in Cuba,", said Charles M. Dobson,
a former staff correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press at Havana.
Bwcial Dispatch to The Call.
Leaders Will Frame
Substitute for the
rr House Bill.
Followers Get Ready
io Make Trouble
on Island.
Cuba Causes Several
Conferences at
Capital.
General Takes Money
to Keep Out of
Politics.
Reciprocity Senators
Are Encouraged
by Message.
Correspondent Says
Wood Paid Gomez
$25,000.
OVERLOOKS A DUKE.
seats, who at first were charging exorbi
taut prices, are now lowering them by
leaps and bounds. A general slump 19
setting in. The best West End situations
are now at a minimum of 2 guineas in
stead of 3 guineas. Two windows at Tem
ple Bar were sold this evening for
75 guineas. Two hundred guinea*
was the price originally asked. St. Mar
garet's Church, "Westminster, will get
5000 guineas for Its grounds.
I A secret emergency door is being built
in. "Westminster Abbey. The location is
known only to their Majesties and a few
other persons, so that in case of panic
during the coronation service they can
get immediate egress.
A curious story Is being circulated re
garding the Duke of Somerset and tho
King at the last court. "When his Ma
jesty made the rounds of the select circla
he passed close to the Duke of Somerset,
who made a careful obeisance. Either
T0 PLEASE AMERICAN
HOSTS EDWARD WAIVES
KlSS=HANDS CEREMONY
ALLEGES
BRIBERY
IN CUBA
PREPARE
TO MOVE
QUICKLY
The San Francisco Call.The ¦ Saturday Review, on the other
hand, denounces Sir Frederick Pollock
and declares his speech to be one of the
lowest' defenses of what it maintains to
be pure aggression on the part of America
in which a defensive element does not
figure.
The Spectator is delighted and urges the
State Department at Washington toenun
ciate the doctrine clearly, as then Great
Britain could record her acquiescence,
expressing at the same time Its mainten
ance of British interest, adding:
"Such a course would certanly benefit
the peace of the world as well as 1 the
security of Canada and .pur other ..pos
sessions. The, Kais,er , no vr' thinks. . he; .Was
only to build enough ships to make the
United States see the advisability of
dropping the doctrine so far as South
America is concerned. That incentive to
profligate waste of the national resources
might be withdrawn If the action we
suggest is taken.
"The Americans, having got our adhe
sion to the doctrine, might submit it to
Germany and the other great powers. If
their answers were favorable, a great
source for future quarrels would be auto
matically eliminated. The two Americas
would, by the agreement, be ruled out of
the field of political ambitions. If Ger
many and the other powers would not
join in assenting, the Americans would
at any rate know where they stood."
LONDON, June 14.— The speech of* Sir
Frederick Pollock, corps' : professor of •'Jur
isprudence,''University.'of Oxford, 'Before
the. London Chamber, of Commerce: Wed
nesday, commending the Monroe Doctrine,
has caused interesting and diverse f ex
pressions of opinion from the Spectator
and the Saturday Review. .'• ¦ .
Sir Frederick Pollock's
Statement Arouses
the Ire of Critics
The London Spectator
Comments on the
Monroe Doctrine
FINDS FAULT
WITH KAISER
Extradition Treaty Ratified.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— Secretary
Hay and .Baron Moncheur, the Belgian
Minister, to-day exchanged the final rat
ifications of the new Belgian extradition
treaty. This is one of the latest conven
tions which the department is drawing on
modern lines with nearly all the coun
tries with which we already have extra
dition -.treaties of rather ancient date.
The new treaties . Include offenses which
WASHINGTON, June 14.-Captain Sam
uel C. Lemly, judge advocate general of
the navy, to-day left Washington for his
home at Salem, N. C, where his sister ls
lying critically ill. Solicitor Hanna ls dis
charging the duties of judge advocate
general until further arrangements can
be made. Upon his own application. Cap
tain Lemly yesterday was examined by
the naval retiring board. The board has
not yet reported, but it is known to have
condemned the officer as unfit for active
service on account of his impaired
health.
Captain Lemly to Be Retired.
were not recognized as subjects for ex
tradition when old treaties were drawn
up. Thus in the case of the new Bel
gian treaty, the crimes of larceny, kid
naping and obtaining money under false
pretenses are added to the crimes already
enumerated In the old treaties.
After the conference Hepburn stated
that there would not be time for this con
templated action at the present session
of Congress, and that It was practically
settled that the measure would go over
until the next session. -
some one in each department competent
to confer with the committee as to wjiat
bureaus should be detached from the sev
eral departments and included in the new
department
.¦WASHINGTON,' 'June 14.— Secretary 'Hay
has notified Minister Quesada that the Presi
dent will receive his credentials at the White
, House next Monday , . ,
The President, told them he had not
given - the - matter sufficient attention 9 to
warrant him nn.: expressing : any opinion
as to; what bureaus should be included in
the . new. department - and* It was , decided
that he should recommend to the several
Cabinet officers the selection by them of
WASHINGTON June ."sit— Representa
tive Hepburn^.'; chairman ';'of the House
Committee ; on '.'Interstate V and Foreign
Commerce, together^with/H the sub-com
mittee members ! ,.ofv the '¦: committee ¦• ap
pointed to confer, jWi tit. the!; president in
regard to the, Wew; Department of Com
merce bill ,'5 nowV-'before the' .committee,
conferred with^the President** to-day on
that subject- • '. .
f Its'Organizafcion.
to Express. an Opinion on
President Bboseyelt^Nbt Yet Beady
COMMERCE; DEPARTMENT
willVreqijire time
ROSAU, Island of! Dominica, June 14.—
The French revenue cutter 1/Algle came
In here" to-day. She reports that while
.passing St. Pierre, Martinique, ut 2
o'clock this morning, an eruption occurred
from Mont Pelee, and that* a quantity ot
volcanic matter settled upon the vessel's
decks, although she was ten miles distant
from the island . , -
Mont Pelee at It Again.
WASHINGTON, June 14.-4VIIss Rebecca
J. Taylor, the clerk of the War Depart
ment, who -was dismissed for publicly
criticizing. th,e administration's. .Philippine
policy, has. written'' to; the 'Presittent and
,the Secretary. *of - War. demandng-. .vrejn
stat£ment*withm'. three' da'ysy failing which
she 'eays she will -take ,the. v necessary -legal
sttps to secure' her .-rights; In her, tetter
to Secretary Root , Miss Taylor referred
to that- gentleman as an "imperialist.".
Secretary Root to-day sent a copy of all
the correspondence in this "case to the
chairman of the House Committee on R€t
form in, the Civil Service. This was done
at the request' of that committee, which
has the case under consideration.
Miss -Taylor Demands Reinstatement.
A remarkable feature is -that the main
par , 1 S f y 10 bod , y , is gone> only the limbs
and head remaining. The skull of the
victim was frightfully crushed and iden
tification is impossible. It is believed he
was waylaid by robbers.;.
EVIDENCES OF MUItDEB
KEAB THUNDER MOUNTAIN
Portion of the. Body of a Man
Is Found on Dixie
, Trail.
LEWISTON, Idaho. June 14.-A special
to <the:Tribune from Grangeville says that
late advices from Elk City show conclu
sively that the finding of the dead body of
a man on the Dixie trail to Thunder
Mountain disclosed the fact- that- the man
was brutally murdered. The bodv-wa.4
nu^? Wh , en foun< ! and,- only j a small piece
of Mackinaw coat was found in the vlcin
ity of the crime. . ' •.
MISSING GIRL TOJJHTD
AT CANAL HEADGATE
Mysterious Disappearance of a
Young Woman From a Colo
rado Home Explained. ' ¦ '
PUEBLO, Colo., June 14.-MIss Ka'thryne
Bullen, who mysteriously disappeared
from the home of her brothers, proprietors
of the Bullen Bridge Company. P two day!
after her return from Vaasar Collcae was
found- late this evening near the held
%k? °n the Bes , se^r- irritating' cTnal
eight miles west of Pueblo.. All day scores
of mounted men, stimulated by the offer
cf a liberal reward, were riding over th£
CO £? try T, a1 , 1 , the way t0 the mountains' -
Miss Bullen must have been carefully
concealed among the cliffs and ravines
about the quarrydistrlct at Upper^Good
night station. The weatner was verv
warm and she went down to the ditch' to
get a drink, but was so weak that' ah°
Fell into, the water. A young man ran Jp
and helped her out. A neighboring ranch
man telephoned to the city and anTam
bulance was sent out at 10:30 o'clock to
night. The man says that the woman
made no resistance and seemed elad UfoS
she was to be taken to friends
Moody took : Occasion iitOrdjjy' to emphat
ically refer .'^toV.vJheS'eiiergy of interest
which . Admiral .; Et$ weyv' demonstrated in
the work of. the^n'avy. .HeVdaclared that
the papers ahd*.recpin.inetida'nons which
ib&d rcome torhltti from' Admiral Dewey
had, been prepared witii ajs-'niuch enthus
iasm: as might tfaye "bee,n", expected were
Dewey a naval lieutenant, • '- • •
¦ ! Prior to the .announcement it was* ex
pected that Rear Admiral ftlgglnson who
commands the •jj'or.t'h'; Atlantic 7 squadron
would be fleet eofnma.nderl and tllat Rear
Admiral Crowriirishield. would command
the European" sctuadrbn,and R6ar Admiral
Sumner ; the'" South :; Atlantic squadron.
Rear Admlral,;-.GQghlan, second in . com
mand -of - the' North 'Atlantic-' squadron
.would ; have bee"n?,the fourth ' flag- ¦¦ officer
to be 4 nvolyed^inl. the operations," ' ; •
By virtue of (his .position -at the head
of the general board Admiral Dewey will
have much.' to tio, with the planning of
problems ttr be - ea~6ur inVlhe "maneu
vers. As yet these problems* 'have-not
been formulated; but -it-Is iknown that the
coast, of the:Unifed. States will be the
point of attack -for^a-, portion of the fleet,
with the remainder acting on- the defense
Ever since It was decided to conduct
the maneuvers in tke Caribbean Sea dur
ing the coming winter President Roose
velt and Secretary Moody have been of
the opinion that it > would be most fitting
for the admiral bf;.tlie:nayy to command
the great operations. '•:•¦•¦.,.;¦.' \
President ¦ Roosevelt and j Secretary
Moody are both" anxious "to. 1 attend the
maneuvers. It ls not yet decided whether
6r not the President will jgo, but. Secre
tary Moody probably will. Both the Pres
ident and Secretary will attend .' the
maneuvers on L#6ng Island Sound in > Au
gust. _.,'¦_.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 14.— At the urg
ent request of President Roosevelt and
Secretary. Moody Admiral Dewey will
command the fleet composed of the North
and South Atlantic and European squad
rons which will engage in extensive naval
maneuvers In the Caribbean Sea next
winter. In the preparations ,t or the war
game which will be played there on ; a
larger scale than ever, .before attempted
Admiral Dewey is- manifesting keen in
terest. -The announcement at the. Navy
Department to-day that he would be in
command was somewhat of a surprise, as
it was generally. thought that he did not
care to go to sea again.-
' ' Special Dispatch to"The Call.
Bishop McDonnell of Brooklyn appears
to have been dropped in consequence of
representations from the American epis
copate that he is not a desirable succes
sor to the late Archbishop Corrigan. The
names of three candidates are now before
the. Pope. They are Coadjutor Bishop
Farley, Mgr. Mooney and Father Colton.
The appointment is regarded at the Vati
can as one of exceptional importance, as
the new Archbishop will be simultaneous
ly elevated to the Cardinalate, In accord
ance with the- opinion recently expressed
by the Pope that all great metropolitan
dicceses ought to be governed by a Car
dinal.
¦The' Sun's Vatican correspondent has
good reason for predicting that before the
end "of the year the United States will
have three Cardinals. It'has been decided
to defer until November the appointment
of the Archbishop of New York.
ROME, June 14.— The Pope, In conversa
tion with several members of the Sacred
College, who objected to giving the United
States, more than one Cardinal, said:tha£
the New York diocese alone contained
over 3,000,000 Catholics, and was therefore
the most populous diocese in the world.
Princes.
Soon Have Three Church
E«lief That "the United, States -Will
POPE MAY APPOINT - fc
. . _ AMEHICAN CAUDLNALS
Famous Naval Officer
to Direct Winter
Maneuvers.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
WILL COMMAND
The Hon. Charles Russell, second
son of the late Lord Chief Justice, Baron
Russell cf Killowen. in behalf of the de
fendant, said that Lynch had faced the
proceedings like a man. What he had
"The case for the prosecution," said Sir
Edward, "will be that on arriving in
South Africa Lynch took ser.ice with the
Transvaal government, raised a regiment
of which he acted as commander to ligni
In behalf of the Boers and actively fought
against General Buller's operations.
"Lynch was in Pretoria January 15
1200," the Solicitor General continued "and
wrote the Transvaal authorities, notify
ing them of his desire to taice up arms
January 18 he signed a field cornet's cer
tificate, describing himself as an. Irish
man, a British subject and born In Aus
tralia, but declaring his willingness to
fight for the South African Republic in
order to maintain and defend its indepen
dence. Lynch also took the oath of al
legiance as a full burgher, the certificate
enabling him to do so as-well as to ac
cept a commission from the Transvaal
government. Lynch then raised the so
called Irish Brigade, joined the invading
army in NataJ and issued an appeal sign
ed 'Arthur Lynch, Colonel Irish Brigade '
invifing Irishmen to assist the two repub-
The Solicitor General, Sir Edward Car
son, in opening for the prosecution, al
luded briefly to Colonel Lynch's Austral
ian birth, his residence in Paris and his
departure thence to the Transvaal in
January, 1&00.
IX)XDOX, June 14.— Bow street police
court was crowded this morning when the
Investigation into the charge of high
treason brought against Colonel Arthur
Lynch, formerly of the Boer army, was
begun. Lynch, who was elected member
cf Parliament for Galway In November
last, was arrested at Xew Haven Wednes
day upon landing . from France. Mrs.
Lynch and other friends of the accused
were present
Parliament Member Who
Aided Boers Appears
in Court.
"And. never -in air this long period has
he seen the'm confronted with p/oblems
so novel, so difficult of solution, and
which required such courage, persistency
and pluck as those imposed upon them by
the Samar campaign now closing. Never
has American manhood < responded more
cheerfully and -intelligently. Never were
hardships more gallantly faced.- The tri
als of hewing a way through- a tropical
jungle in a roadless country, with sore
and bleeding feet, with clothing soaked
for weeks at a time, infrequent" meals and
often scanty rations, all have been met
with a- courage and virility which, show
ing her young manhood, bodes well for
the future of America and her flag."
WASHINGTON,' June it~Ttfe order of
Brigadier General 'Jacob H. Smit£»ou re
linquishing command of the sixth .sepa^
rate brigadeHrio the. Philippines prelimin
ary to hisreturh.to the United? States is
of more than^ordiptiury interest on account
or criticisms 'made of that officers con
duct of the; campaigns in ¦ Samar • an,d
Leyte. The; order' follows: « y -'^--:
"Pursuant*""to instructions
from divisibnV. headquarters the ;under
signed hereby 'relinquishes command of
the sixth separate brigade. For over for
ty years his daily life has been identified
with the soldiers' of the army, ;and nat
urally he has had a large and varied-ex
perience of them and their deeds.
paign Relinquishes Command in
" * ' -the Philippines.' ' ;
Officer Who Directed Samar Cam-
GENERAI, JACOB SMITH, ,V.
w . i ': 3 PBAISES HIS SOLDIEES
The very bad weather now marking the
eve of Ascot week threatens to mar some
what the many house parties previously
arranged. If the rain will only cease and
June^ become itself again the .gayety
which has taken hold of the nation will
have a suberb outlet at the fashionable
race meeting, in which many Americans
have planned to participate.
The distinguished Americans who' ac
company Whitelaw. Reid are at present
scattered all over the West End, but June
23 they will go to the Buckingham Palace
Hotel as guests of the nation, with the
exception of Mr. Reid, who, of course will
remain at Brook House. General James
H. Wilson, representing the army of the
United States at the coronation, and his
two daughters are now at Claridges, but
they expect to pay a flying visit to Paris.
Rear Admiral John C. Watson rei)-e
senting the United States navy" at the
coronation and his son, Lieutenant E.H
Watson, U. S. N., have taken temporary
rooms, where the British naval officers
are flocking to pay their respects. Com
mander Cowles, the former naval at
tache of the United States, here with his
wife and sister-in-law, are occupying a
Biddfp°U q°A V T r Place. Colonel J?hn
Blddle, U. S. A., General Wilson's aid is
aI I e n *& a Vfc e Buckln Eham Palace Hotel!
All the visitors say they are glad of the
chance to visit England under such aus
picious circumstances. They are all S»
"S*ted at the^courtesy exhtbfted, 1 but
they are all rather mixed up retrardinir
future arrangements and ire rathe?
aghast at the avalanche of invitations
which they have received. Within a few
S.° rd "7 m C ° me out of the Preset
The Mackays, Bradley-Martins, Wards,
Marlboroughs , and : almost every one of
-London's well-known -S Americans are
nightly seen at the opera, afterward flit
ting from one ball to another.
June 23 will be a gala night for the
American colony. The Bradley-Martins
will give a very elaborate dinner at their
house in Chesterfield Gardens i which Is
likely to outrival in luxuriance. the famous
Bradley-Martin ball. The same night Mrs.
John W. Mackay's Carlton House Terrace
mansion will be the scene -of a big dinner,,
while on the same night Reginald Ward
will give a dinner of eighty covers On
the following night Ogilvie. Hays. will en
tertain.
the" Misses Rutherford, have been enter
taining at Claridges,. General John W.
Clowes has been hobnobbing with Lord
Roberts and other English army digni
taries, and General Joseph Wheeler,
United States Consul General Henry Clay
Evans, the members ¦<?£ the American polo
team and. the^r supporters, notably James
R. Keene, • are frequently seen at social
gatherings. Pi-fesiaent, JROoselvelt's two
sisters, Mrs..W.Sh©taeld;-Qowles and Mrs.
Douglas Robinson,- -have been over
whelmed. with invitations and have ar
ranged various entertainments at the
hpuse they have taken in Grostenor Cres
cent. ¦ , 4 7
BRITISH CROWD
TO SEE LYNCH
LONDON, June 14.— The Prince of
Wales held a unique coronation
review on the Horse Guards par
ade this afternoon of 13,000 boys
gathered from all parts of the
kingdom, belonging to the boys' brigades
connected with the various churches.
King Edward, ' Queen Alexandra, the
Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke
and Duchess of Connaught, Lord Rob
erts, the Commander-ln-Chief of the
forces, and their respective suites, ar
rived at Aldershot, where the King will
review 30.000 troops on Monday. The
town council of Aldershot presented his
Majesty with an address in a silver
casket. . \ ¦
A feature of the royal visit was a grand
{orchlight tattoo at 10 o'clock to-night. . .
Cold Wave in South Africa.
CAPE TOWN, June 14. — Unprecedented
snowstorms have swept over_ the mid
lands. Trains are blockaded by,,a elx-foot
drift at Naauwpoort. The telegraph "wires
are down. ¦ /, ¦•,¦¦'•
PRETORIA, June 14.— Intense cold,'ac
companied by heavy snows, prevails here.
The Cape mail was blockaded in the snow
at Springfield for twenty-four hours. -.It
was necessary to employ three engines \to
extricate the train from the drift.
Fire Sufferers Get Provisions.
ALEXANDER CITY, Ala.. June 14.— The
loss from the fire/ which swept this town
yesterday is $277.E90. Not a single store
house out of fifty is left standing. In ad
dition twelve residences, two hotels, three
banks, the Courthouse and two livery
stables were destroyed. Many persons
were homeless last night, being without
shelter or food, f Provisions are arriving
by the trainload to-day, however.
The Bev. John Spurgeon.
LONDON, June 14.— The Rev. John
Spurgeon, a retired Congregational min
uter and the father of the Spurgeon fam
ily cf ureachers, died to-day at South
Norwood. He was born July 15, 1S01.
done had been done openly and he desired
to facilitate the inquiry as much as pos
sible.
After the police -had furnished evidence
of the prisoner's arrest he was remanded
to June 21. During the course of this evi
dence Detective Inspector Walsh testi
fied to finding in Colonel Lynch's pocket a
visiting card of Hamilton Holt, "intro
ducing Colonel Lynch, of the Boer army,
to three Americans, W. S. Hardy, United
States Minister at Berne, Switzerland;
Herbert .W. Bowen, United States Minis
ter to Teheran (now Minister to Venezu
ela) and Professor Richardson, of the
American School at Athens," and some
Testimony had been presented regarding
Colonel Lynch's presence "on commando"
in Xatal.
dreas Order,- heretofore usually:
bestowed, only on Kings, from, which it is
prognosticated that the Prince will speed
ily assume the title of King 6f Bulgaria,
¦^ T. PETERSBURG, June 14.— It is
CT said that Prince. Ferdinand . of
Bulgaria^ who is visiting the Czar,
will be decorated 'with the St/ An-
Ferdinand May Soon
Assume the Title of
King of Bulgaria
Brigades of Boys Are
Reviewed by the
Prince of Wales
PRINCE FERDINAND OF BUIj-
GARIA, WHO WILL. GET SIG
NIFICANT DECORATION.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
BY GABLE TO THE CALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE , 15, j 1902.
PRINCE OF "WALES, WHO RE
CEIVED BOYS' BRIGADES OF
UNITED KINGDOM.
Continued From. Page Seventeen.
KINGWAIVESKISS-HANDS CEREMONY
"It means," concludes the Saturday Re
view, "that all America is for the United
States. We might as well say 'It is here
by declared that, all the islands of the
world belong to Great Britain.' "
18
: Health,, Strength, Peace and Pleasure
require I their expulsion, and this is p&sl-
tively effected, according to thousands of
fateful testimonials, by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which- radically and permanently -drives
them out and builds up the whole system.
¦:., ! ¦/,- -.¦ iV.' : «• -, • -. :.,¦¦>. -
. They take possession of the body and
are Lords of Misrule.
They are attended by pimples, bqlls, the
itching tetter/ salt rheum and other cuta-
neous eruptlonsrby feelings of weakness
languor, general^ debility and what not
They cause .more suffering than any-i
thing else. ' '^ » • \ ¦-.¦ . • '
utumors
STQRE^MILL BE CtflSED I
At 6 O'CLOCK. P; IVI : ,
Further Reductions 6n Goods
Recommends! Pe-ru-na— Other Prominent
Rheumatism
CURED
By Driving: Cot Uuc Ac'd Poison
From the System. Permacent
Cure Can Be Effected,
KIDNEYS MUsTbe'hEHLTKY.
Rheumatixm, Rheumatic G:ut and All
Forms of Uric Acid Poison Are Re
suits cf Kidney Direase. and Cen
Only Be Cured by Getting Direct at
the Scat cf the Trouble, the Kidneys.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
Is the Only Positive Cure for All Diseases
of Kidn:y, Liver, B addzr and Bloai
• "Sandwich, 111.— After a delay of months
to be sure that a cure of my rheumatism
of over a year's painful suffering had
been t-ffectcd. 1 desire to assure you that
so far as I know any-
'.¦*>*N thing of myself I am
! v well. I am persuaded
>»^«^vr » ha >- AVarner's- Safe
i K&MSRSgr c '"i« did it. I believe
\ l&ti&Sagmj ' ;:at lhc medicine will
S«sl!§sir flof a!1 fiat It claims
¦gas jaggy. . to <do. if- tfre patient
OTPWt »vi!l follow the in-
S \^y Wfryctions 'tp'the |et-
• i ier.— iRe-v.) : I. VIL-
|" . LARS. Pastor M. E.
3 E§ TEST, YOUR
JFlrt ' Put some
I a fp*&> . morning urine In a
A *-<-CO glass or bottle, let it
J° stand 21 hours; If
' there ls a reddish sed-
iment in the bottom of the glass, or if the
urine is cloudy or milky, or if you see
jjarticles or perms lloating about In it,
your kidneys are diseased and you should
iose no time, but get a bottle of War-
ner's Safe Cure, as it 'is dangerous to
iieglc ct your kidneys for even one day.
WARNERS SAFE CURE is purely
vegetable ?nd contains no harmful drugs;
it is free from sediment and is pleasant
to take; it does not constipate; it is now
put up in two rcg-ular sizes and Is eold
by all druggists, or direct, at M CENTS
AND $1.00 ,A BOTTLE. Warner's Safe
Pills taken with Warner's Safe Cur.;
move the bowels gently and aid a speedy
cure.
Refuse substitutes. There ls nane 'just
as jrood" as Warner's Safe Curt?. It has
cured a!l forms of kidnev disease during
the lapt thirty years. It is prescribed by
:il' doctors and used in the leading hos-
pitals.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE
To convince every sufferer from dis-
oast s of the kidney, liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure
them a trial bottle will be sent absolute-
-yfree to any one who will write Warner
Safe Cure Co.. Rochester. N. Y , ani
mention having seen this liberal offer in
The Call. The genuineness of this offer
is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our
doctor will send medical booklet, contain-
ing symptoms and treatment of each dis-
ease and many convincing testimonial!
free to any one who will write.
OOliODORE ICIOLSd OF OUR NAVY
ADVEETISEMENTS.
:~- . . v .•¦¦•/¦¦¦ - ¦ • -. C
' Somerville Nicholson of the United States Navy, in a letter from appetite and all the symptoms of catarrb
1837 R street, Northwest, Washington, D. C, says: . ... are gone. I believe that I am cured and
'^four Peruna has been and is now used by so many of my friends fS"£ Sed'for \tr ** Peruna * '*"
and acquaintances as a sure cure lor catarrh that I am convinced J- c. hoffman.
r ¦'¦. , /, j I L x j.' i ' j j. j ii The da y was "^hen men of prominence
of /ts curative qualities and / unhesitatingly recommend it to all hesitated to give L their testimonials to
peesoris suffering irom that complaint" S, NICHOLSON. 5S r JS2,.S2 c S3ay f S nTS^
Dr. :W. ' Godfrey Hunter, United States from that disease." • _ tary medicines. But Pervma has become
Minister from Guatemala, ex-member of HON. G. R. BROWN. so justly famous. Its merits are known to
Congress" from Kentucky, in a letter from h ,^^J^' 1^^ 00 !^ 66 *'^" S 2 many P e °P le . of hi - h and low stations,
Walhineton 'D C writes- "I am fully b I? rn i writes: ."Having read so much that no one hesitates to see his name ia
wafthingtoiv i>. o., writes. ± am iimy a b O ut Peruna in- tW papers; : \ -decided print recommending Peruna. ' r ~
; satisfied^ that your Peruna is an efflca- to try it for catarrh in the head, which The highest men in our nation have given
r ciGus-.rgmedy for catarrh, as I and many. I have had for' twenty years or more. I Peruna a. strong indorsement. Men re>
' of /jAy^f riends have been benefited by Its have taken two bottles and am entirely resenting all classes and stations are
use. 1 ' '' W. G. HUNTER, M..D. cure.d. .• . . : * .-¦_; equally represented. ..
Hon-G R. Brown Martinville, Vaiex- ¦», - T /-. w i RANK n '*' COLBATH. If you do not derive prompt and 'satis-
rr,Wh^T' nf 'Sw^ Fifth District ..?l r '7- C - 'Hoffnian, Rea, Mo., writes: factory results from the use of Peruna,
member of Congress, ilfth District, "About a year ago I was suffering with write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Fiftieth Congress, writes: I cheerfully catarrh and I wrote to Dr. Hartman of full statement of your case and he will
give my indorsement to your Peruna as a my symptoms and he promptly gave me be pleased to give you his valuable advice
cure for catarrh. Its beneficial results advice. I used Peruna faithfully and I gratis. <""ij ie anviee
have been so fully demonstrated that its feel better than I have for five years, and Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
use, ls essential to all persons suffering ' all praise. is due Peruna. I have a good Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
fff/ prescription in San- Francisco "; said - -
g. * lad 7^ custom^ last «6ur family^
# physician -receives better ;Tesults -frorn your % : - ¦•
¦M medicines, ancU'I; can get' lawer prices here \
B • - e , never give our customers inferior qualities the very best I '
II we can W « not too good for the sick. If we did you would find |
\ U " out sooner or later and not trade with us again. We are in J
M , business to stay and the best way to retain your good will is to f
W, mCm "¦•^^ - P rcs criptipns are the best in every way it b Ml
\Va' "iDie to make them and our . prices the lowest in ikil
V^ . n ancl3C0 * - Telephone orders delivered free jf///FIND MARQUIS
TIED TO RAILS
LIVERPOOL, June 14. — The provision ex
change here will be closed June 26 and 27, In
observance of the coronation of King: Edward.
Guerin and Miller were charged with
having entered the office of the American
Express Company In Paris during the
night of April 28, 1901, and with stealing
30,000 francs ($6000). The Churchill woman
was accused of being their accomplice.
PARIS, June 14.— Eddie Guerin and
George Miller of Chicago were to-day
sentenced to life imprisonment nt penal
servitude, and May Churchill, known as
'•Chicago May," was. sentenced to five
years' imprisonment. When the verdict
was pronounced May Churchill threw her
arms around Guerin's neck and kissed
him passionately. The guards separated
them and led the prisoners away.
by Kissing of Eddie
Gruerin.
"Chicago May" Creates a Sensation
AMERICAN CRIMINALS
GO TO FRENCH PRISON
"WASHINGTON, June 14.— The feature
of the session of the House to-day was
the attempt of Hay of Virginia to secure
the adoption of a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of War for information as
to the cost from all sources of the war
in the Philippines.
The resolution had been referred to the
Committee on Insular Affairs and, not
having been, acted upon within the time
limit prescribed by the rules, became
privileged. When Hay called it up Crum
packer of Indiana moved to lay it on the
table and bis motion .prevailed by a party
vote of 91 to 66.
The latter part of the session was de
voted to private pension legislation.
fort to Learn About the Phil
ippine Costs.
Virginia Representative Pails in Ef-
FIGTTRES ON THE WAR
ARE NOT OBTAINED
Some time In October. the Pre3ient will
make a trip through the Southwest, his
objective points being the fair at San An
tonio and a bear hunt in the swamps of
Mississippi. The ' itinerary for this trip
has not been definitely arranged. The
Journey may include points in Kansas
and Nebraska going out, and New Or
leans and other Southern cities returning.
Senator Foraker saw the President to-day
to arrange for the call of a committee
who want the President to visit Ohio
while he is in the West.
' WASHINGTON, June 14.— TheT President
will start on a somewhat extended trip
through the West and Northwest during
the latter part of September. He has ac
cepted invitations, to go to Detroit, Min
neapolis and other cities, returning by
way of Springfield, 111., where he will at
tend the State Fair on October 2. This
date was decided on to-day, when Senator
Cullom presented a delegation headed by
President Conrad of the fair association.
ing the Latter Part of the
Year.
Efation's Chief Will Make Tours Dur-
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
PROPOSES TO TRAVEL
For many years the little cemetery was !
neglected. Former President Hayes paid I
a farmer to keep the burial ground frco I
from weeds.. Former Governor Foraker i
had the Government enclose the spot with |
a stone wall. Several years ago Colonel
VV. H. Hause, a public-spirited local citi
zen and ex-Federal soldier, instituted a
yearly custom of decorating the graves.
The ceremonies of to-day were the most
elaborate ever held. There were many J
••x-Confederates present from all parts of :
the South. Among the speakers was Gov- i
ernor Nash. Graves were decorated by |
the Ladies of the G. A. R. and the Daugh- {
ters of the Confederacy.
COLUMBUS^ O., June 14 —The unveiling
and dedication of a memorial arch to 2250
Confederate dead attracted 6000 people to
tljis city to-day. The arch was the gift
of \\ r illiam H. Harrison of Cincinnati, a
former citizen of Columbus. The dead
soldiers were prisoners at Camp Chase,
west of Columbus, during the war and
uied in prison. "~ :,
Memory of Soldiers Who Died
in Prison.
AECH IS DEDICATED
TO CONFEDERATE DEAD
Impressive Ceremony Takes Place in
Washington— Original. "War with Spain
cpecial, June 2d— Herman Bruns, Van
couver, $12. Increase-John A. Tester
Seattle, 58; John Smith, Des Moines $12
Widows— Mary E. Williams. Miles' S8 :
Anna Eckley. Port Angeles, $8.
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Wallace Parkman, now at San
Francisco, is assigned to duty In the De
partment of California. The leave of ab
eence granted Captain Albert Todd. ar
tillery. Department of California, is ex
tended one month.
Navy orders announce that Assistant
Paymaster G. R. Madden will report im
mediately to the commandant, naval
training station. San Francisco.
OF ETTESEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Hade in. the Postal Service
and More Uew Pensions
Granted.
"WASHINGTON. June 14.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postmas
ter commissioned— Washington— Harry W.
Roberts, Elberton. Appointed— Oregon—
C. L. Morris, Harrisburg. Linn County,
vice H. R, Eherrill. resigned. Washing
ton—B. V. Cross, Juanita. King County,
vice M. A. Dunlap, removed.
These pensions were granted— California
—Original— William Eady, Arcata, $8. In
crease—Abner E. Parsons, Sacramento,
$10. Mexican War— Cephas Felch, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. $12.
Oregon— Original— William Contrie, Port
land, $6. Increase— Albert Eckelson Rose
burg, $8; minor of Ozias D. Keeler, Wal-
This vote was preceded by two votes on
motions made by Democratic members
looking to the consideration of. the bill
during the present session* The fifst of
these motions was to take up the question
next Wednesday. This motion was made
by Senator Bate and was voted down,
the Republicans voting unanimously in
the negative and the Democrats in the
ararmative. A motion by Senator Bailey
to report the bill to-day met with a like
fate on a party vote. The Democrats op
posed Senator Nelson's motion on the"
ground that its adoption- would preclude
the possibility "of considering the bill this
session.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— The Senate
Committee on Territories to-day decided
to take up for consideration early next
session the omnibus Statehood bill, ad
mitting into, the Union the Territories of
Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona.. The
decision was reached upon motion of
Senator Nelson and the motion was adop
ted by a strict party vote, the Republi
cans voting in the negative.
the Bill Early Next
Session.
Senate Committee Decides to Take Up
STATEHOOD MEASURE
WILL HAVE TO WAIT
WASHINGTON, June 14.— Senator Scott
to-day -introduced a resolution authoriz
ing the Secretary of War to appoint a
commission of engineers to make a re
survey of the Darien route for a ship
canal across the isthmus. The resolution
requires that the expenses shall be paid
by the owners of the- route.
New Isthmian Survey Proposed.
TOPEKA, Kans., June. 14.— Reports re
ceived ' here from fifty or more counties
in Kansas say that all the crops for this
year are in the best of condition. Wheat
ha3 surprised all by the growth it has
made. The late heavy rains helped the
cereal to head out well and while it is
rather thin, the product is of a good qual
ity and will make an average yield of
twenty bushels to the acre. ' » .-v
Crops in Kansas Look Well.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The Nicara
gua canal bill was before the Senate for
a short time to-day, Morgan of Alabama
continuing his speech in support of the
measure and in criticism of the Panama
project.
With some minor changes the District
of Columbia appropriation bill was passed
as reported. •~-^*i£ r^
The Irrigation bill, which passed the
House yesterday, was laid before ' the
Senate, and on motion of Hansbrough of
South Dakota the House amendments
were agreed to. This passes the measure.
When the Nicaragua canal bill was
taken up Morgan criticized many of the
Items In the allowance made to the Pan
ama company, showing that the Canal
Commission allowed 30 per cent for con
tingencies. Taking a hundred-year pe
riod, Morgan showed that the income de
rived from sailing vessels going via the
Nicaragua route would turn the scales in
favor of that route, even on the basis of
comparative cost. Announcement was
made that Spooner of Wisconsin would
speak on the canal bill next Tuesday.
The bill was laid aside and a House bill
was passed paying certain claims hereto
fore reported to the Secretary of War
growing out of the war with Spain.
Private pension bills were then taken
up. After passing a number of such bills
the Senate at 4 p. m. listened to eulogies
on the late Representative . Stokes of
South Carolina by Tlllman and McLaurin.
Nicaragua Canal Bill vis the
Subject of More
. Debate
TUOLUMNE, June 14.— Ballard & Mar
tin, former, partners of Captain Nevills
in the famous Rawhide and App mines,
have bonded the Lady Washington mine
from Major Hooper of the Occidental Ho
tel in San Francisco, and will start a
crew of miners at work on Monday. They
will tunnel 600 or 600 feet to strike a rich
vein once encountered in the old workings.
The mine ; was rich when closed many
years ago. A big plant will be erected by
Ballard & Martin if the vein is found.
Bond the Lady "Washington Mine.
SOUTH BEND, "Wash., June 14.— Paul
Underwood, who. with his wife, is charg
ed with the murder of their three-weeks
old babe at Seattle two weeks ago, was
captured this morning in the woods while
making his way to Fraser river. He al
most walked into the arms of Sheriff Cud
ihee of King County. . Underwood was
brought to South Bend this afternoon by
steamer and is now in the steel cage in
the county Jail.
Underwood looks none the worse for his
SALINAS, June 14.— Ranchers arriving
to-day from Soledad and Bradley com
plain of a shortness of labor. Unless
workmen can be engaged within the next
fortnight a great quantity of hay, grain
and other products will be lost. : . »
Ranchers Appeal for Laborers.
BAKERSFIELD, Jujie 14.— As a result
of a midnight raid on the Sunset Oil Com
pany's claim in the Kern oil field in
April, 1901, John "Walker has filed a dam
age suit for $75,000 against Joseph Chans
lor, S. J. Dunlap and others, who, he al
leges, were members of a party that
swooped down on the Sunset's land a half
hour after midnight. "Walker alleges that
the 'defendants ordered him to throw up
his hands and opened fire on him, wound
ing him in several places and disfiguring
him for life. He asks for 550,000 damages
for his injuries and $25,000 punitive dam
ages. ,'-;;¦;;;; '¦:-.• ; -.
Sues Oil Baron for Damages.
The Coroner's jury in Seattle charged
Underwood and his wife with murder.
Mrs. Underwood has been in. custody ten
days. As soon as the body of the child
was found iti the bay and it became
known that its parents were suspected of
murder. Underwood fled to the woods,
and since then has been pursued by a
posse. Mrs. Underwood' remained at the
home of her parents, near Aberdeen,
where she was arrested.
claims she was anxious to get rid of the
child, because of the disgrace of Its early
birth.
flight and life in the woods for the past
ten days. He seems to | take his capture
philosophically and says that he would
have given himself up before, but he was
afraid he would be shot before he could
convince his pursuers of his intention.
He claims that his baby -was practically
dead when he threw it into the water.
It had been sick, and when he and his
wife were about to take the train for
Aberdeen he gave it some chloroform to
ease its pain. Later, he says, the baby's
heart ceased to beat. . - . , *
Underwood implicates his girl-wife and
Alleged Embezzler Narrowly Escapes.'
KANSAS, CITY, Mo., June 14.— The
jury in the case of Frank Siegel, former
president of the Slegel-Sanders Live Stock
Company, who was charged with embez
zling $S00O of the firm's money,' failed to
agree to-day and was discharged. The
Jury Etood eleven to one for a verdict of
guilty. It was alleged that Siegel spent
the company's money In sugar specula
tion. Frank Rockefeller of Cleveland,
Ohio,' a heavy stockholder in the firm, ia
said to have lost close to half a million
dollars in its failure.
Coal Company Buys Land.
SALINAS, June 14.— A deed was filed
this afternoon wherein Ira U. Harris and
wife of Parfleld convey to the Stone Can
yon Coal Company of San Francisco a
tract of 682 acres for a consideration • of
$25,000. This land is about twenty miles
from Bradley, adjoins the present hold
ings of the company and Ib said to be
rich -in carboniferous deposits. , .
• - v .
Senator Criticizes Allow
ance Made Panama
Company.
of Their Three-Weeks-Old Baby at Seattle Attempts to Place
Upon Bride's Shoulders Responsibility for, the Horrible Crime
Young Husband Accused Jointly With His Girl-Wife of the Drowning
MORGAN WARS
ON C0MMISSION
PAUL UNDERWOOD, THE INFANTICIDE,
WALKS INTO ARMS OF A SHERIFF
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
GUTHRIE, O. • T., June 14.— The Choc
law has completed the construction of the
extension into Amarillo, Texas, and an
nounces that in the near future regular
through train service will be- established.
This completes a direct line from Mem
phis, Tenn., to Amarillo.
Chcctaw Railroad Is Extended.
NEW TORK, June 14.— An Italian
known here as Carlo Cattapanl and Mar
quis de Cordova disappeared from ,hi3
boarding house in this city last Saturday.
He was found early to-day tied to the
tracks of the New York Central Railroad
at One Hundred and Fifteenth street and
the North River, He was taken to a
hospital, where he made a statement. A
hospital physician said he believed the
man had been poisoned.
When ¦ he came here he said he was
searching for papers which would prove,
his right to a valuable estate in Spain.
Last Saturday he told the proprietor* of
his boarding-house that he was going to
meet a man who would give him the pa
pers needed In return for a reward of $100.
Cattapanl told the hospital physicians
that he had been kidnaped and drugged
and kept in a cellar since Saturday with
out fcod.
The police are Investigating, and he is
held temporarily as a suspicious person.
Italian Seeking Valuable Pa
pers Says He Was
Kidnaped.
Police of New York
Make a Sensational
Discovery.
19
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-SOOT.
;. l^,-^. n .- l .^. l _ ..,-/--. . ¦ -n--.
The Cause of Many
- Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing in thl3
• country most dangerous because so decep-
! y i If! II PVtt?^ t ' ve * Many sudden
1 dealhs are caused by
' f^»£rWv^7/^?-P ** — heart disease.
1 \^a]t P neumonia » heart
! llr^gi /jj^\ failure or apoplexy
- 1 yy-5k^ ''^^j pare often the result
jl* \ iS' I °* kidney disease. If
'"AjEisraii n silM kk* ne y * roub l e is *1-
l}\\ \\ 61 L l° we< * t0 advance tha
S^v~*^*U/vj y gjil kidney- p o 1 s o n e d
n^O- b!ood win attack the
vital organs or the
kidneys themselves break down and waste
av/ay cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of .the kidneys and a euro is
obtained qu'.ckest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of" being compelled to
go often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild/ and the
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for Its .won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root ia pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists [n fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may fc^ 7^
have a sample bottle of *!fl««y»JLKa3i5iSl
this wonderful new dis-
covery and a book that fc *^^il^^^
tells all about it. both HomeofSwamp-Soot.
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offar in this paper.
Don't make any mistake, but 'remem-
ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the addrcs3,
Binghamton, N. Y. t on every bottle.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
't^* - Steamers Ieav» San B"ran-
1 ps&!k=^ Cisco as follows:
tt£s£5*5ifc. For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
ISSS»»K\^. Skasrway. etc.. Alaaka— 11 a.
|P'&EC3& m.. June 13, 20. 23. 30. July
K&«5|VSV! 6. 10. 15. Chanso to com-
i rc?J3£r i CU"Wl cany'* steamers at Seattle.
JlHBQmm y O r Victoria. Vancouver.
*^ **"S3KSff!fl Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. "Whatcom—
ifl «. T«tii 15 20. 23, SO, July B. 10, 15.
c?»a A t a o'N S.
JU #o% 1^» 21 An 2 g V S Uy vla 1 > 6 ort 1 V, 6 A nS ele a and
Re^ond^). 9 SaT Diego and Santa Barbara-
Cants Pnsa Sundays, v a. m.
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayuco.. Port Harford (San
Luis 'ObJsBo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
( 'foi;"kri'L 9 '-: Jun 7 e 5 13 1 . 3 - 2 3. Ju!y 1. 9.
Sda'.ena Bay San Jo,e del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosalia.
i Guayroas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain, folder. ¦•«-•
Right Is reserved to chanse steamers or «au-
lD^ICKI7r OFFICE—-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
l C D DIIMANM. Gen. Passenger A(tent.
GOODALL. PERKINS Jfc CO.. Gen. Agents.
• 10 Market »t.. San Francteco.
O.-R.&'JV. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail. aS
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 12. 22. July 2. 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17, 27. July 7
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st, 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S.F.
(J. S. jnAIL< ROUTE.
IPPPs** SAILINGS.
NORTHM COMMERCIAL CO.
"Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrying
-: United States malls, for
NOME and , ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
Aa Follows:
From San Francisco
S S. PORTLAND About June 25
S. S. ST. PAUL About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO July 9
S. S. INDIANA July M
I Connecting at Nome with steamer Saidle.
; carrying United States mall, for Teller and
I Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
j Golovnln and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
: Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market st., San Franciaco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
PugefSbund Agent, Seattle. Waab.
TOYO EISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS NIPPON MARU... .Thursday. July 24. 1302
SS. AMERICA MARU..... .».»¦¦,•„,
Saturday. August 18. 1002
Bound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americans diVaporr>
To ValDaralso, stopping /at Mexican. Central
and South American porti. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
i AREQUIPA....June 30 GUATEMALA.. Augr. 11
TUCAPEL July 1S.PALENA Aug. SO
These uteameru are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chansre at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney... .Thursday. July 3, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti...
Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
]. P. SPEECKELS 6 BROS. CO.. Gsiml AZ&. 323 Mart!!
Gea'IPass. cnna. 643 Marfct St. Pisr u 7. Pacific M
CGMPASNIS GENERATE TRAN3ATLANTIQU3.
ISlMKCT LINE TO HAVTLB-rAKtd. j-»-,
(Sailing every Thursday, instead of 45lA35>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., lrora Pier 4U. «««si*=*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, *70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
1 ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N*»
York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coa*t
I Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets told by all Ralload Ticket Agenta.
AMERICA V I.IXK.
, NEW TORK SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul. June 25, 10 amPMla.... .. July 0. 10 aia
St. Louis. July 2. 10 amSt. Paul. July 10. 10 am
• RKli STAR L1XE.
NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
.Vaderland June 2l.nooi IZeeland.. . July 3. noon
Kroonlnd.June 2S. noonlFrieslantL July 12. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgomy >:.
EAY AND. BIVEK STUAJffKRS.
rcirirsrTAWifA^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m... 12UM,noon. 6 p. in., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 3d
' cents. Telephone Main IMS. Lasdisf ao4
I of nee. pier 2. Mission-street dock. ttATCU
I BROS.
ISMAIL
The Woman of Mystery,
i Marveloosly Reveals
Past, Present and
Future.
/ CROWDS SEEK HER ADVICE.
The future is to Ismar as an open book.
For many years she -has predicted all the
important events, not only in the lives
of all those who consulted her concerning
their own future, but all those events
that have been of national or world-wide
importance as well.
Notwithstanding the mystical atmos-
phere that pervades her presence, she is
wonderfully sympathetic, and her delicate
appreciation of the affairs of those who
ccek her advice makes her counsel all the
more valuable.
Tens of thousands have profited by her
advice all over America and abroad.
Thousands have been made happy be-
cause they have consulted her and heeded
her words. Innumerable others have
found prosperity and many others have '
found or acquired great wealth because :
Ismar disclosed to them the means and
pointed out to them the way to success.
No matter what you wish to know con- j
cernlng- the future, Ismar can tell you
¦with mathematical exactness just what
you want to know.
In affairs of love, matrimony, specula-
tion, business, mining, the location of
physical ailments or the restoration' of
lost property, ISMAR'S advice is of the
greatest importance and benefit.
Don't let any sort of scruples or doubts
restrain you from seeing her. Don't do
anything until you ge". her advice.
Her readings by mail are perfectly suc-
cessful also. Three questions answered
for $1 00; full life reading for $5 Ot). Office,
The Vendcme, 1101 Market street, oppo-
tite Cafe Zinkand. Office hours— 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays. 10 to 12 m.
x If money saved means anything to you, you will appreciate trading here. If proper clothing appeals to you,
you will be surprised to find such good fabrics, such well cut, well-made garments at such low prices.
' For as low a price as $9 we sell a stylish sack suit made of all wool material and the patterns are pleasing.
The suits come in solid blue serges and mixed tweeds and cheviots. If you are looking for economy, coupled
with good taste, these suits will win you the minute you clap. your eyes on them.
Remember that our ready-to-wear clothing is all union made, and even if you have no interest in unio n
made goods from a fraternal standpoint, you^should wear union labeled goods, as they are made in light, airy
workshops where cleanliness is paramount. We manufacture our clothing and sell direct to the wearer. There
are many other reasons why you should buy your clothes here which ycu will find out in the merchandise.
5"! B S~ OS I Is 11 ails jZ&k&z&p^g^
fm^^m i^cti^ &GiKi\j& auiLS -i^^m
\ lC«^jr-YJf * If y° u want one °f tnese sailor suits we advise your buying /JlSSpH||§fc W. ! •
vl& '** Mf at*once. N Last time a number of persons who wanted suits were fyf li £f,
7W^\J^ disappointed as they came a k day of so after the assortment was jmi r- \^£$'
Z^%^ii^ broken up. We suggest that the disappointed people from ths (mm
last sale be first to buy this time. II^^M^^^^^
The suits are natty little garments for boys from 3 to 12 years
/^TO^^fl®^ ofa £ e - v We are making a special sale of the suits, and, as we SfP^^^^tAi
alwa V s s^ 1! at mucn ' low er prices than other dealers, who buy- ilp^^^^^Wl
Mtwl^^Wfll^K^ tnr ough middlemen, you can count on a big saving. The suits M /^Mf^^^W^Wt\
! |^^^»f^ji are worth fully $^00; the sale price is • V\ xfi^^^^p
\Hwi wf/ Imported Mexican straw hats for boys, ladies and children, M / §^^18/
' win wiil I Baseball and bat free with suit or overcoat in this department. LjP' Wlli
WM)/ \ fres I' Mothers: You can have free of charge merely for the asking, [MM - |||J|
iH \!S[i' six beautiful pastels tied together" with a ribbon. gyj? raj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism, Alalaria and
Catarrh Thoroughly
Cured With Dr. Halpru-
ner's Wonderful .
Medicine.
DR. W. S. KALPRUN£R,
The Famous Medical Inventor.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine will
positively cure articular, muscular,
6ciatic, catarrha.1 and malarial rheuma-
tism, neuralgia, also kidney disea'ses.
malaria, fever and ague and catarrh in
all its forms. Ask j'our druggist for j£-
price 50c and $i a bottle. A dollar bot-
tle is equal to three 50-cent bottles. On
receipt of price we will send by express
or mail, charges prepaid, a cure guar-
anteed, or return the medicine to Hal-
pruner Medical MTg Co., 28 California
street, and get your money back. Poor
people tieatcd free of charge daily from
f to 4 p. in., Saturdays and Sundays
excepted. . •
l'urely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
Lerluct digestion, complete ubsorption and
eaHtifu] regularity.
I'or the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
tcrularitiee. Elck Headache, Biliousness, Con-
•tipfctlon. riJes and til derangements of the
Internal Vi«c«ra. ".".c a box. At Druggists, or
%i »¦-" Pw4.DT.VjLT fc CO.. Ntw Turk.TUOLUMNE. . June 14.— The Supervisors of
this county have decided to test the use of oil
on the county roads. . .
SANTA ANA. June 14.— William Jameson
Robertson, a lad living at the Columbia Oil
Wells, , In : this county, .-was - accidentally | shot
by a companion while -playing with a revolver
this morning and died an hour later.'
j MOUNT HAMILTON, June" 14.— Mrs.
Phebe Hearst has just made a liberal
gift to the r Lick Observatory which ma
terially' increases its-, financial resources.
Her generosity ¦ will : enable the work: in
several departments to be carried on more
effectively. Previous gifts by Mrs. Hearst
in the early nineties provided for the
Eclipse expedition to Chile and. for many
other purposes. ¦ •¦ ¦¦¦-.' ' ¦
Generosity of /Mrs. Hearst.
Is the Assignee" Sale of Clothing. Mr. P.
C. Kelly will offer to-morrow, loob men'3
suits and overcoats from the Pf aelzer
Clothing of Chicago, for $4 65. ' Made of
all wool material in black and blue serge,
Oxford tweeds, fancy Cheviots and Thib
ets. These goods were only unpacked
yesterday and will- suit anybody no mat
ter how particular they may be They
are worth $12 CO. yet $4 6o will buy either
a suit or overcoat at the clothing as
signee sale of the Boston, 773 Market st
near Fourth. ¦ •
Merrily Going On.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF, June 14.— The Tehama
County Republican Convention assembled
here to-day and canvassed the vote for
county officers which was cast at the pri
mary election on May 7. The convention
decided to elect delegates to the State
and district conventions, under the call of
the Republican State Central Committee.
The following delegates were chosen: D.
D. Dodson, Red Bluff; Z. P. Dyer, Pas
kenta; John Cockroft, Corning; Andrew
Simpson, Tehama; Erskine Fish, Red
Bluff; B. A. Bell, Red Bank.
The delegates were not instructed as to
whom to support for Governor. The dele
gation is strongly opposed to Gage and
will naturally be favorably inclined to
Railroad Commissioner Edson.l •
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— The Prohibi
tion party of the State late this afternoon
filed a petition, to be placed on the ticket
for the next general election. The petition
contained 12,000 names, 4000 more than nec
essary to secure a place on the ticket.
Degree of Honor Officers.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 14.— The Su-
Dreme lodge, Ancient Order of United
Workmen, to-day held only a brief ses
sion. The superior lodge. Degree of Hon
jr, elected officers this morning. All of
the following with the exception of the
ast named were elected by acclamation:.
Superior chief of honor, Mrs. Louise M.
Bush of Aberdeen, Wash.; superior lady
jf honor, Mrs. Irene M. Ralkes of Buffalo,
N. Y. ; superior chief of ceremonies, Mrs.
I^uella K. Webster of Belding, Mich.; su
perior reporter, Mrs. Elizabeth E. All
burn of Sioux City, Iowa (re-elected);
superior receiver, Mrs. Emma Rickford of
Manchester, N. H. ; superior usher, Mrs.
Mamie Briggs of Oregon; superior watch,
Mrs. Frank L. Kelsey of Helena, Mont.;
representatives to ' fraternal congress,
Mrs. Mary J. Stewart of San Francisco,
Mrs. Adelia Harding, Hebron, Neb.; Mrs.
Geneva Miller of St. Louis. Mo. The offi
cers were installed this afternoon. The
superior chief of honor is the wife of N.
W. Bush, a prominent lawyer of Aber
deen.
Explosion Injures Four Persons.
KAP^SAS CITY, June 14.— Four persons
were burned, two perhaps fatally, here
to-day In an explosion that followed an
attempt of Mrs. Julia Hawkes 1 to light
the kitchen fire with kerosene. The in
jured are: Mrs. Julia Hawkes, aged 30
years, will die; Thomas Hawkes, aged 7
years, Mrs. Hawkes' nephew, • severe
burns, probably fatal; William Weggles.
Mrs. Hawkes' father, severe; Mrs. Martha
Weggles, burns on hands, face and arms,
severe. .
NEW YORK. June 14.— Sir Wilfrid Laurler.
the Premier of Canada, and Lady Laurier. who
arrived htre yesterday from Ottawa, soiled to
day for England on the Etruria, to attend the
coronation of King Edward.
No papers were found on the dead man,
but his description tallies with that of
one of the members of the "Bill" Smith
gang, who goes by many aliases. A Cor
oner's jury exonerated the officers.
Officer Giles, who has the reputation of
a "bad" man on the side of the law, went
after the desperado. Instead of recros'sing
the line the latter fled toward a ranch on
the American side. Giles caught up with
him, but found that the outlaw had a
riiie. while- the officer had only a six
shooter. After exchanging a few shots
Giles* retreated to Naco, where he was
joined by an officer named Job.nson.
They procured rifles, made a detour and
intercepted the bandit in a lonely spot.
He refused to surrender, but started to
pump bullets thick and fast at both offi
cers. They escaped Injury, and the bandit
was shot dead after seven shots had been
exchanged. The last bullet had stuck In
the bandit's rifle.
TXTCSON, Ariz., June 14.— A fugitive
from justice, who had taken refuge in
Sonora and who. is supposed to have been
a member of the notorious "Bill" Smith
gang of outlaws, crossed the line at Naco
en Thursday and was killed In a battle
with two officers near that place. He
crossed the line near the outskirts of
Naco and went to a house in a remote
section of town, where he attempted to
rcb a woman who. came to the door in
answer to his knock. She succeeded in
giving an alarm, and her husband, who
was near by, came to her assistance with
a rifle. The outlaw made his escape and
the officers were notified. . •
Scecial Disoatch to The Call.
The Yaquis are said to be fleeing toward
the south and it is feared that they will
break into the Yaqui country, where they
would 1 be.jolned by many Indians- who
have not* yet taken up arms.. V General
Torres has ordered the troops under Her
nandez to leave as soon as possible for
the Yaqui River to' prevent any such
move on the part "of the Indians.
General Hernandez was given an ova
tion by the people of Hermosillo when he
entered that city with his victorious
troops and many prisoners. He was es
corted- into' Hermosillo ' by -the reserves,
who were organized to' protect the city
in case of emergency. General Hernandez
and his men, who number about 800, will
remain in Hermosillo two or three days to
recuperate, when they. will leave for the
Yaqui River country, having been ordered
to that section by General Torres.:
¦TUCSON, .Aria., Juno 14.— The Yaqul
braves who escaped from the recent
crushing defeats administered by the
forces . of General Torres are fleeing
through. the almost inaccessible passes of
the Mazatan Mountains, in order, if pos
sible, to avoid another conflict until they
can collect their demoralized forces and
obtain a new . supply of arms and am
munition. A detachment of 1000 men from
the army of Torres is pursuing, them, but
the Yaquis are very cautious "after the
disaster in Uvalama Canyon and it is
doubtful whether' the Mexicans will bo
able to again entrap them before they
are ready to engage in battle. On the
other hand, it is feared in some quarters
that the Yaquis will - ambush the com
paratively small force pursuing them.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
Republicans Elect Dele
gates to the State 1
Convention.
Naco Officers Gather In
a Member of "Bill"
Smith's Gang.
Indians Take to Moun-
tains to Avoid a
Battle.
TEHAMA WANTS
NO MORE GAGE
DESPERADO DIES
WITH BOOTS ON
MEXI CAN TROOPS
PURSUING YAQUIS
TRAMPS' BRXTTAIi ATTACK
UPON AGED PEDESTRIAN
Throw Him Into Truckee River ynfl
Sick Him After He Swims
v.: Ashore.
NEVADA, June 14— An old man named
Scaalan. haul a' rougrh experience sear
Tiuckee yesterday. Scanlan was "walk-
Ing along, the river bank when ho
was approached by three hobos, who
forced him to part with 25 cents, all
of bis cash. Not satisfied with leaving
Scanlan penniless, the trio picked him
up and threw him Into Tracked River.
After a hard struggle Scanlan managed
to reach the bank nearly dead. The hobos
again attacked him, one striking- the old
man on the ¦ jaw with a rock, another
kicking him, breaking: several ribs and
knocking out some of his teeth.
Constable Harvey and his brother gave
chase to the hobos, finally overtaking
them. All three are now in the-'Truckea
jail. Scanlan has positively identified his
assailants. ; - .
SUISUN, Cal., June 13.— Since the barb
ed wire plan of telephonic communication
tried by the farmers In the vicinity of
Rio Vista has proved a success it has
taken a hold In other parts of the county.
In the Sllveyville district many farmers
have completed lines connecting their
places with the town of Dlxon and oth
ers contemplate installing systems. A
line to Winters will be put in within a few
weeks and many farmers will be given
the benefit of its advantages.
Barbed Wire Telephone Lines.
Benjamin Williams was held for trial
for murder and without a minute's delay
the officers started back to the Redding
jail with him.
Williams was secretly taken back to
De la Mar to-day for his preliminary ex
amination. He reached there at noon, in
charge of officers. No sooner had the ex
amination been commenced than the word
was passed around and 200' men gathered.
Constable H. F. Williams, father-in-law
of the murdered man, begged them to let
the law take its course. Had he shown a
desire to have quick justice or had there
been a leader or two, a lynching would
have been probable.
REDDING, June U.— The town of De la
Mar, at Bully Hill, has been excited to
day over the fresh prospect of a lynching.
Benjamin Williams shot and killed Deputy
Constable Charles Cummins last week
without the slightest provocation! 'Wil
liams was caught in the hills and waa
taken to Redding just in time to avoid a
mob.
Life of Deputy Constable
Cummins' Slayer.
Bully Hill Miners Again Seek the
VICTIM'S FATHER-IN-LAW
PREVENTS A LYNCHING
r> the rebel camp. That night the long- j
ontinued bombardment of Nanning be
an.
The rebels had no less than twenty
deces of ordnance raining round shot,
hells and combustible missiles into the
ity. A breach had been made In the city
vails, and had it not been for the brav
ry of an American trader and e. couple
if missionaries the city would have been
ushed and the inhabitants massacred.
"he trader, who witnessed the bombard
nent and thought that this particular
>art of the wall would not stand the in
:essant tire, posted about forty men with
Killing oil on the terraces of the wall,
ind when the rebels attempted to rush
he place this burning oil was dashed
lown upon them.
During the bombardment the rebels
ained a thick shower of flaming arrows,
ipped with the most inflammable matter,
nto the city, and these, combined with
.he "stinkpots," caused some fires. The
:onflagrations, however, were quickly ex
inguished and the damage resulting from
hem did not amount to more than $10,000.
The bombardment lasted more than
hree hours, and in that time upward of
i00 of the inhabitants were kiiled or
.vounded. The rebels retired before day
ight to the hill beyond Nanning, whence
hey started an investment of the treaty
>ort, which was still maintained when tht>
ast advices were sent from the besieged
:ity one month ago. The rebels cameu
aft their killed and wounded and no
snowledge was obtained regarding their
osses.
The prefect at Nanning sent out a num
ber of courk-rs to Viceroy Iao Mu praying
for reinforcements, but few of these goi
through, a number being captured and
killed.
Among the prisoners alleged to have
been taken by the rebels was a foreigner
who had been employed in one of the go
3owns at Nanning and who had been as
sisting in the defenses. Nothing jvas
learned regarding his fate.
' truce and demanded to see the pre
set to arrange for the procurement of
rovisions. The military officer in charge
> stead of reporting to the prefect gave
rders to fire on the rebels, and a mur
erous fire was maintained from the
alls, which were lined with riflemen. But
;w of the rebels survived.- and they fled
VICTORIA, B. C, June 14.— Refugees
from Nanning, the West River treaty
port besieged by the Kwangsi rebels, ar
rived at Hongkong prior to the sailing of
the" steamer Athenian with details of the
bombardment of the city. They, say the
rebels had arms of the latest make and
also used ancient "stinkpots" and flam
ing arrows. The advance guard of the
rebels came direct to the gates of Nan
ning and demanded admittance from the
gatekeepers. The city prefect ordered the
closing of the gates, and the mob retired
in the direction of the rebel' camp, three
miles away.
Or. the next day a party of rebels ap
peared before the main gate with a flag
Saecial Dispatch to The Call.
Nanning Fugitives De
scribe Bombardment
by Rebels.
Court Upholds the Conductor.
ALEXANDRIA, Va., June 14.— Miss
Mary Curtis Lee, daughter of the late
General Robert E. Lee, to-day forfeited
Jo collateral in default of appearnce be
fore Mayor Simpson in the Police Court
on the charge of violating the lp.w pro
viding for separation of white end col
ored passengers on railways. Miss Lee
was taken in custody last night on a
Washington and Alexandria car after re
fusing to change her seat at the rear of
the car (the portion reserved for colored
people) to the front section. In deference
to the position of the railroad company
Mayor Simpson examined several wit
nesses. The Mayor held that the evidence
showed that the conductor by causing
Miss Lee's arrest had strictly carried ouc
the law, and would have been amenable
to the law himself had he acted other
wise.
BESIEGERS' GUNS
SLAY HUNDREDS
So far none of the disturbances had
made themselves apparent at the summit
of the cone, though no one has yet
reached the top to peer down into the
crater. Geological parties that have ex
amined the crater declare that the upper
most stratum of lava which covers the
surrounding country has been deposited
there within 200 years. Nervous people
have claimed in recent years that they
could hear strange rumblings. The re
port of the stock owners who have gone
to the scene will be anxiously awaited.
One man, who owns valuable land ad
jacent to the mountain, offered it for sale
at a bargain this week for the first time.
Responsible mountaineers now report
that all the springs of "Bumpus' Hell"
have suddenly . turned boiling hot and
that steam issues from theni and through
cracks in the lava in such volumes as to
form a thin cloud. Beyond doubt fuel
has been added to the ancient furnace
within Mount Lassen.
The summit of Lassen is a peak which
on more than one side is so nearly sheer
as to be inaccessible. A mile and a half
below the summit a plateau, varying in
width from 200 yards to a mile, extends
clear around the peak. The surface of
this is extremely rough and broken. The
volcanic rock is shifted into curious piles
and the whole plateau abounds in springs
and in caverns, many of which have be
come lakes. The remarkable thing about
these springs is that, while some are. very
cold and mineralized, others, but a few
yards distant, are boiling hot.
On the south extreme of the plateau is
a region called "Bumpus' Hell." It is
full of springs, some of which are so hot
that they have constantly emitted steam.
Most of these springs;- however, have
flowed with cold water.
REDDING, June 14.— Redding*s popula
tion is fearful of an eruption of Mount
Lassen, the ancient volcanic cone which
stands sixty miles to the southeast. To
day it was learned definitely that there
is some disturbance within the crater
which, for nearly two centuries, has re
mained inactive. Springs and crevices on
the south side of Lassen are emitting vol
umes of steam, which give the impression
to the approaching climber that the
mountain is sending up a cloud of smoke.
A party of men, who have sheep ranges
and a summer home near the base of the
mountain, has gone to the scene to make
an investigation and see if their portable
property needs to ba moved out of dan
ger's path.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Party Leaves Kidding to Visit the
Cone and Report Upon the Pos
. sibility of a Discharge of t '
Lava.
Water From Springs Around
Its Base Becomes Boil
ing Hot.
Disturbance Within the
An cient Volcano's
Crater.
MT. LASSEN
GIVES SIGNS
OF ERUPTION
THE SM FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
20
. ; , ,. ADVERTISEMENTS. ....-." i -~~~~ ~~— ~
|| PHENOMENAL SALE OF COTTON SHIRT WAISTS
I . WAISTS OF THE FINEST WASH FABRICS IN WHITE AND COLORS. .
1 QQW Instead of 01 On lnsteatI of * - ©I DR Instead of 0 1 QC Instead of -a CQ CR ' a . s^ ° f
I - ¦;UOC$!.50&$I.75 OliZU $2.0Q&$2.25 5huD $2.5O&$2.75 OI> UU $3.00 &$3.50 0Q 3 DJ $5.00 & $5.50
I ¦ AN/EXTRAORDINARY 'EVENTS; l ir%A%* &Z^
H stock at a great sacrifice— less than the cost of ©reduction. .To-morrow the sale begins and we promise you the greatest of Waist Da f5 a ;°"' "™ ae iecUon on our new second floor
m "most perfect fitting Waists In. the .market, of WHITE X.AWN and COLORED materials. This magnificent collection, has been arranged for easy selection on our new secona soar
tm and we advise early attendance, because first comers get flrst'cholce. ... ', " : .• *. •
I 4* A '•¦. FOR $1.50 and $1.75 WAISTS— Made jtfTk^ r*f\ , Aj : ftr FOR feo and $27; WAISTS-A
1 DOn of sheer White Lawn, with cluster tucks W%?$&^ C^^S Md? \ W\ great variety— all ot them new this"
1 *T3?bK and fine Embroidery, soft CufTs and .M^l Ar a)) T^ mh § ¦ " " season s styles, beautiful Chambray.
I yUU Collars? also Chambray and Gingham \] JZ<fi % W* E2Cb pen and Gingham Waists; also
I Waists; in solid colors and stripes in the ifLffi*** Jf&Z t k^P^kJ) handsome White Lawn embroidered
i leading shades, waists' that are actually worth &^ (5w Waists, grand effects, immense value at.. ........
1 |$r.s6. and $1.75 ifor ..... ........... ..../.;.;O8c each f £ J** " -' 9
i FOR $2.00 and $2.25 WAISTS; The V ** J Aky .. Ai f||" FOR $>oo and ( $350 WAISTS— At
i Sri ill material of the finest imported F2r>&, ' J&^S£Ze*Z*>* VlY t \ this price a great assortment to
I 'omllXU Zephyr Gingham,' handsome -styles. >^a5& V yde^^^W^^^^ ¦« I B ** ** . choose from m theJeadmsf styles and
i W* Each including Gibson effects— also beauti- ¦ V" EaCft best colorings of Madras and Oxford
1 ... ful White Lawn Waists with dainty /^^£t^\vLAV '. • * T £e& WmtK Cheviot, also White Waists, .^xqm-
1 Embroidery, sizes 32 to 44; great bargain at:...:. ¦ / ' Av _^&1^\&JV' • * V«^ Wmffi site creations. Waists for which you paid $3.00
I ...................................... 91.20 each • / sS^T^wfcM-^t^^H and $3.50, now ',.*1.0o each
I lid Each S!>t n flS K^W\T Wlm Each ESHaS
m ¦ Sleeve, in every way lYy/l finest Madras. Zephyr
m very exceptional, perfect in fit, sizes 32 to 44, o£%ct / and Gingham Waists, exquisite creations, in
H actual $5.00 and $5.50 Waists on special sale at.. xKlfY "!i><T^t / / many of tne leading- styles, that you cannot
H ft.7;.'.. $3.65 each. \%M 7 Lv_i>^ * duplicate under $6.00 each.
I More Extraordinary Offers in Choicest Wash Goods. lr7.TTr^rr7T~ n "° a ' TTT " ' ¦—¦"-«¦%
i Crash Suiting. Double-Width Omandy-AU c.l.n. | SALE OF BLACK PEAD DE SOIE
H The much-wanted fabric for Skirts and A very special offering of French Organ- g ...
I S^'SirSSKTt' th . e ,.^ .% u .rt 9c f n y: coro% 50 o c f q pinL Uy: ii^ y "&£*&$&. I And COLORED CREPE DE CHINES at BIS REDUCTIONS MONDAY and TUESDAY
M . white, maize, cardinal and black: QChf* Ha- • • • n> ?
a Madras Zephyr Gingham. . great value at Yard oaw || Again we are in a position to afford our patrons an opportunity
H over 300 Pieces to be placed on sale; all Mercerized Crenadinc. • 1 to secure some of the most serviceable and good wearinpr qualities in
la fresh and new; absolutely fast colors; In About 900 yards fine grade Grenadine: H BLACK PEAU DE SOIE and CREPE DE CHINE SILKS at a
ffl pretty stripes and checks; in the leading dainty and pretty material: In aU the nice H „..-_* -rpHitrtirtn TVim. cHVc rr\m» fmtn o «,»!! t-n«,,.^ ~..*.~~t~-+~JL»
a colorings; many of them worth 15c ir|r- evening shades, such as light blue. pink. B S^a 1 reduction, -inese silks come irom a well-known manofacturer.
bJ and 20c yard- on sale at.... Yard lVJ!^ corn, lavender, niie. white and red; the 3 and arc therefore thoroujfhly reliable — and because we secured 3. spe-
1 crass L.nen Batiste. : ' ... r!*f.l!?..r^i..- ..!?WS 18C i ¦ «£** ™-" e I?DAY I^TU^DAV- lM °™ S Iow " ri « s wi «
KB , . Pftln/oH Fmhi-nMnrnH Cuuiccnc H prevail IOr MUJNJJAl and I U JbbJJA I :
Hj A very sheer quality, In the natural ecru voiorea bmDrOiaerea Swisses. tj r {
m shade; the ideal material for a stylish Handsome effects In stripes, scrolls and B QDD Yarrfc R^f DC A II f| C fnr CQft Y<arrl \i
M waist or summer dress; worth 25c \A r* figures; 45 Inches wide; regularly RQ r M vUU iQlUd OJb IbHU ML OUlC iUl 03C I dlUi I
m yard; sale price ....Yard t.**W sell at 75c; reduced to. Yard O€yW> M A very i ustrO us and good wearing quality that we consider very exceptional
Pa v&JJ^JSTST^P^ST5B53?JTB^N 3 f° r S5c a yard to be offered for Monday and Tuesday only at t>£>c yard
1 T 3000 YARDS NOVELTY BATISTE AND PRINTED SWISSES, g 1 \ l20 ,° Yanls $1.50 PEAU DE SOIE for 98c Yard.
I I Worth 25c and 35o, on Special Sale at | eve J tSS^S^^^S^^^^S.
Ks ja A marvelous Wash Goods offering— one of the sheerest and most A fP H irrn v..J« nnrnr nr nnnirn in « i . «»."«.
m H modish materials for summer dresses. Included are the choicest and 1 Kt |j h'jlj YSfOS UHlPE DE CHINES 111 All 0(1(1^ flt R^P Yard f
m H daintiest hemstitched effects In Mercerized Swisses and satin striped ± KJ V../J H IUJU ' «•«» UIIU L •"¦ UIIII1LO| Ml Mil UUIUId; Q\ 03b I dill ¦
B m Batiste, in a charming variety of pretty designs, in all the leading x ", ru IB The finest qualities we ever placed on sale at thla price — soft and clingy ones
Bj Bl colors of pink, light blue, lavender, tan, green,' cardinal, royal, navy and black and M for which you pay elsewhere $1 25 yard; in handsome colorings, such as plnk.
E3 13 white- an opportunity to buy this season's choicest 25c and 35c Wash Goods -at H light blue, rose,' royal, sage, cardinal, white, cream, maize, gray, brown tur-
|| B i esa than half. S H^quolse. navy and black; immense value at 85c yard
I Special Purchase of Ribbons ™«5SS 1[ Si. 00 and 75c Lace Tuckings for
I Tii'^i^sr;^^^ 61 lfl^^Plil#IRr?,s ?eI>SS^^&"S£50? i
i Cream, Light Blue, Pink, Turquoise and • iOliu SI OO PANNE PRUNELLA MONDAY f\f\t\ r% • •* V'Ll"".'"! .....owe yara
I Cardinal; every yard worth 35, On sale Monday. 21c yd. refularTl M^y^t p 200 DCS. POIIl d8 P^ T S 4, KOriiMnflV V^ I
i Dhnl/ Wfiluot Dlhhnn QnOOiolC Panne Prunella In shadei of Rose, Castor, 7 K^ " U0 ' 0I W ** "« 1 "iflilUj ffll
1 D (M IC IfBl niUUUII OUCbldlOi Brown. Reds Navy. Cadet. New Blue. Gray f «J y Kd Laces from 2 to 7 Inches wide. In the . n
H . . .-,-; • ¦;. ¦- T -¦ , a ¦¦•¦ and Black. Only, for Monday, at... v .. iBfu most beautiful patterns; edgings and tnser- A QC
3 Warranted all silk; the best quality, satin back^-' - '. umiee ciiDUlcuiur CAUiure " tlons to match: laces that are worth 20c an. 1 \ Si ~, .
5 200 pieces No. 1. 33c a piece. Regular value 45c. _ : HOUSE FURNISH JNC SAVINCS. U3c yard. On special sale at. X ~ Yard
g 150 pieces No. 2. O l-4c a yard or OOe a piece. CUCCTQ 600 bleached Sheets, high grade, size 81x90; inniinnniin ll ¦ ¦ iit-r» • .ii I'.'.'.V^.-
1 ?§8 sss S: i Y&iv&z $%:$£; gMm^&vk^&SM** 1 50c WONDROUS VALUES IN WHITE GOODS
I 200 SILK WAISTS,- Worth $6 and $7, for pillowcases. z^rrx-^Vf '^ white obgandy. fJSE5r'^ v^r.?"v° d ,^
M saving. They are made of Peau de Sole • acI1 " n e. Special .». Each V » •.... Y ard IIL
S3 and Taffeta in the leading colors and Black, very stylish P-FRFR-An^ 20 d ozen Honeycomb Spreads, extra heavy. OCDCIAU I »Wl| A very soft and aheer make, very ex-
W and good fitting waists, that you cannot duplicate un- DCUOrnuftUOi large size, nice patterns, worth. C1.1O TtnOIMM LMUI1. ceptional for fine summer 1Q,,
g der $0 00 and fT.OO. On sale to-morrow at 93.05 ?1.50. for Each <J> * — dresses, regularly sells at 2oc yard. Monday Ic/C
I Immense Values in Separate Skirts. M .95 our june undermuslim sale "m
I 2CO Short wL"«nt " *P ± . EaoH brings these eiceHent *a,ues justy hen you're, greatest nee* of tken,.
I now B f T n mortir or th^r4e^ rt r5ci^^i^^^\^i g^^^^^^s S£^
B aSd dark Oxford gray: cut with the new flaring flounce shape, with 12 rows of stitch- and trimmed with lace and enibroldery; trimmed with Torchon iact, » rows of
§ fng in all sizes; worth $4 each. Monday...... ?1.05 each worth 51.00. On sale at.. 7*>c each tucking and hemstitching; worth $1.50.
I lArt lAniPC *» dO ANF> «7 <*O DREK<% CiKIRTS FOR S5 OO EACH fl? f.OO EACH— LADIES' «OWNS, Sale price ...fl.OOeach
H 100 LADIES 58.5O AND^$7.^O »Kct>> SKIKIfcl'OK 9D.UO bAOH trimmed with choicest embroidery. Cf.SO EACH-50 dozen CAMBRIC PET-
™ A great variety of very • effective and good nttlnjr Ladles Dress Skirts, made of all- finished with circular yoke and lawn ruffle; 5>I TICOATS, elaborately trimmed
m wool Venetian. Cheviot and Broadcloth, nicely trimmed with Moire and SaUn bands.. excellent value at $1.25 each. with handsome lace; cut extra wid- reg-
! gj perfectly tailored. On special sale to-morrow at $u.OO each , ular value $2. For -51.50 each
Kj LADIES' WHITE PIQUE AND LINEN DRESS SKIRTS PflR^FT mVFR^ A very handsome lot QO r each— 15 dozen wash skirts
IB A handsome lot of the most desirable and newest styles, in the gy^ A r-f\ U" 11 " 1 - 1 UUfUllOi o f Corset Coversi, «OW O f a good grade Grass Linen and
Bj latest eraduated Spanish flounce cfEects, of WHITE PIQUE and GRASS U* 4 .OU trimmed with six rows of. Valenciennes striped Denim; finished with accordion
m iikfN' ideal skirts for summer wear; very graceful In their hang; are cQ 1 -a x. Laces; very tastefully finished: In £2r|r» plaited flounce; worth $1.50. On sale
! | well worth $2 and ?2 25 each. N* •* Each. all sizes. Special value.... Each VJVf^ at ..9Sc each
I ¦ i — i — COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION ,
1 1500 YARDS DRESS LININGS,, j0®W #-* <-&M- a '800 Yards Best 50c
I Regular Value 15c. for aW ® ?-^-» a»A Mj9Y*Yft~ W^^^M IAPAN-SF WA^H %\\ KR O C «
1 Very fine grade Mercerized Per- a J^ m m l&flffi d^/hffl M [Mffl M^lW/^k, J«rM«-O!: ifYHOn XKp
. I caiine of a spun glass finish 3* 1UC fffl MMl^mMMML mMMiMm/Mi AIM I®/^\ Monday Yard tJUKj
! l Ir & he i 8 iSk et Rcf e vLuie l!c C for S Yard J W M/MM ffmMUrSJ^i W^i^ , ] A grand opportunity to purchase the
,W and black. Keg. \alue Joe, tor, rara WsSdaT^ \&*ar& Z^ V J9 finest Q ualI ty W«ish Silks at a great re-
\k en rUxAi* RDCC "* CUICi flQ Z^$lr2^&$££!*' ****" aJjSZ ' •'; '• duction. Heavy corded effects in the
m OU UOZcll Unto.} ofllLLUd, l - n ;^^^ "' " mUriH^^' choicest stripes and checks., in colors of
H !n Btcckinet and rubber lined in i /> {liHi'iy't Green,' Red^Gray Black an^^White!
m ail sizes. Regular price luc. Mon- 1\^L/ 'yifcia XSSlJl*'^ tvery yard worth 50c. Monday.. 33c yd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R | Cf5 #
From Oceen ta Ocesn Drexier's
Name Keais Cood Dentistry.
.EyERY CASE GUARANTEED,
We make $1» perfect-fitting plates tor »'-»
The Drexler famous $3 gold erown every-
where else !a $lu.
Pure gold fillings (usually $o> for ft.
All our operators are graduate dentists,
not college students.
Painless extractions — cleaning teeth free.
Send for our free book on care of the
teeth.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL CO.
o? New Ycrk.
S. F.. parlors 1104 Market St., cor. Turk.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
* CURES WEAK MEN/ FREE.
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
All. '
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373* Hull building, Detroit,
Mich., and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt with full directions so any man- may
easily cure himself at borne. Tbis Is certainly
a most generous offer, and the following ex-
tracts taken from their daily mall show what
men think of their generosity: ' . • '
•'Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. ¦ I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am." .. '
"Dear Sirs: Your method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor liave completely returned
and enlargement Is entirely satisfactory."
•'Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble In making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it Is a -boon I to
weak men. I am greatly improved in size,
strength and vigor."
All correspondence - Is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain,' sealed envelope, i The receipt
Is free for the asking ana they ..want even
man to have it. i ¦
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Starmtg and Staging.
At the start in a lo«g race, the advant-
age often appears to be with an outsider.:
But the race is won not in starting but
in staying. The .quality which wins is;
staying power. It is so in the race of
life. Staying
power wins, and egj
as a rule the best ;T V f*\ | W
stayer is the man \\^ £*'' jl
with the best n^^O^JL-^---;*
stomach. All
physical strength fiiliH llg^
is derived from tljJilllrw
food which is llipsiB
properly digested W^!^i
and. assimilated. ' i MBi' '
When the food «b HiIm
eaten \s only part-
ly digested and
assimilated there S»<9=^ |jf»
is a. loss of nutri-
tion which means \ . * Wf .
*& loss of strength ; - W
and the general M
result is' 'physical 0
break-down.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery-
gives strength and staying power, be-
cause it cures diseases of the stomach
and other organs of digestion and nutri-
! tion. It enables the perfect digestion
i and assimilation of the food eatep,' and
so strengthens the body naturally by the
nutrition derived from food.
T «I was troubled xvitli indigestion for about
two years," writes V/m. Bowker. Esq., of Julia-
etta, Latah Co., Idaho." "I tried different doc-
tors and remedies but to no avail, until I wrote
to you and you told me what to do. I suffered
¦with a pain in ray stomach and left side and
thought that it would kill me. I am glad
to write this and let you know that I am all
right. I can do my work now without pain and
I don't have that tired feeling that 1 used to
have. Five bottles of Dr. Picrce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery and two vials of his 'Pleasant
Tcllets' cured me." ' . ,
Accept no substitute for Golden Med-
ical Discovery. There. is nothing "just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs. •
Dr. Pierce's Pellets are easy and pheas-
ant to take. A most effective laxative. . '.
VIGOROUS AT 82
YEARS OF AGL
Gilbert N. Hay, of Utica, Says Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey Kseps
Him Vigorous and Strong: at the Age of 82.
§Up to a few years ago I was an invalid
and scarcely knew what it was to be
weli for twenty-four hours. I had grown
thin and could r.ot sleep until my doctor
prescribed Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey.
Since I have started to take your whis-
) key I have been perfectly strong and
/ veil and have eained thirty pounds. It
not only acts as a stimulant and tonic
for me, but it aids my digestion and
makes my blood circulate faster, and it
keeps me from catching cold. I will
take Duffy's Malt "Whiskey as long_ aa
• i i (j I live, and it will be my only medicine;.
—¦jf^yiraiu ( . \! \ JsktL. l * s tru ly a God-send to old people and
1^ : «J&SJi ' r tislljfefe!*. consumptives and those who are sick-
&&**££&fr^£& ly- Orle druggist tried to sell me somc-
thing, that he said was "just as good
J^^^^^^^^^^^^-I\ ar- Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey," but I
, Wmnm^myW^^^^ i \ Insisted that I wanted Duffy's and no
W^W^^^^^^^ 1^^ t \ other. It seems too bad that unreliable
TOWt^^i?^^ V \ drupgist-s will try to sell their customers
ISvSl^sl^SS^^a^^^^ f . \ bogus goods when they know their cus-
syf " tomers' health depends upon the medi-
tt ppbt "V way R*> V*»ar« cine. Your whiskey has done so much
GILBERT M. HA1, S- Years. , O V TOe I feel it my duty to write and
tell you about it. Very thankfully yours, GILBERT N. HAY, 79 Lafayette Street,
Utica, N. Y., Nov. 10, 190L
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
is absolutely pure and unadulterated and contains
nsro fusel oii_i. .;
It cures consumption, grip, asthma, catarrh, bronchitis, malaria and dyspepsia,
stimulates and enriches the blood and Invigorates the brain. Makes the old young,
the young strong.
Beware of Imitations.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey is sold in =r^'4C "SSs-^
sealed bottles only. It is our own patented >^^O\3i?.E & P?*^
bottle, and has the name "Duffy Mail
Whiskey Company," blown on the bottle, iKvV/^''^
and has the trade-mark, the "Chemist's A^VVwA ' >5VjVk
Head," on the label. If offered in flasks JyO/^pi ,«^ \3\
or any other kind of bottle, or in bulk, it //\J/ "fecS /-<&£>».
ia not "Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey." //<5/ BJ&& </^£-^ \t»N\
When a remedy has been before the pub- lf</)/ f*«S\ /j$&$r \r^\\
lie so long, has been recommended and Mm I W§Btti>~3Kl2*jEWx \^L \
prescribed by doctors ar.d has carried the /{ ~J / wS^^r^TSC*"^ IS?
blessings of health to so many thousand |^»( Sm \>?3v\^^!?w^k Id
homes as "Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey," II I y^i^^\^^^#| /G 1 /
in.itations are bound to arise. l\ \ jVOl 4 J / "//
It is the only whiskey recognized by U V/^ ih //
the Government as a medicine. This is >\ \^£&f±^w£d2*J££!^$$W I
a guarantee. All druggists and grocers. >\ //
FErEEI — If you are sick or run down, jfir
write Duffy ICalt "Whiskey Co.. Roch-
ester. N. Y. W&^
All correspondence in strictest confi-
dence. It will cost you nothing to learn .
how to regain health, strength and vitality Write for two game counters for
whist, euchre, etc. Inclose 4 cents in stamps to cover postage; also a valua-
ble medical booklet free. Mention this paper.
I 0, t\Hluyiil!1dl\i
j] FH1UDELPKIASH0ECD.
j (0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
I GOOD GOOQSCHEAP I
I IS OUR MOTTO,
|{ We strive to sell the best shoes
1 for the least money. Our rents not
(1 being as high as on Kearny or Mar- g
fl ket street, we can afford to sell at |
|| a closer figure. Therefore "^'hen we K
H quote a price you can rely on it \
1 1 that you save from fifty rents to a H
I dollar on every shoe bought. ||
1 1 Special for this weeK— Ladies' a
i| Tan Vicl Kid Juliets, coin toe« and H
fl tips and turned soles. REDUCED H
II TO 81. GO A PAIR. Sizes 2^ to H
|| 8, widths B to E. |1
M HERE IS A BARGAIN! LA- M
M DIES' VICI KID GOLF SHOES, Eg
JJ extra high cut (10 inches high), g]
\ suitable for outings or camping; «
1 coin toes and tips. REDUCED TO g
J 81 .S5 A PAIR. Sizes 3 to 8, |
I widths AA to E. tj
I MEN'S TAN SHOES CHEAP, tj
I Mixed lines. Lace or Congress, wide B
5 coin toes and tips, ' hand-welted H
I and just suitable for summer wear. 9
a Formerlv sold from $2.50 to %i.W, n
9 but REDUCED TO 81.55 A 1
1 PAIR. Sizes 6 to 11. widths A to E. 1
I MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S [J
* a box calf golf shoes. Extra high 1
13 cut. REDUCED TO $1.55 a pair. I
ra We have the following sizes: 9
h B wide, 10 to 11V4. 3
r C wide, 9^4 to 13. E
I D wide, 9V4 to 13^. B
I LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OX- I
\ FORD TIES. Reduced to 75c a »
j pair. Turned soles and French B
| hcfls. Sizes 3 to 7%, widths AA I
|; , to E. - . • ' . . . p
INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S I
TAN VICI KID LACE AND BUT- |
i TON SHOES, turned soles and coin \
| toes and tips. Widths C to E. In- |
fants' sizes. 1^4 to 5V4. ONLY ±7i \
J CENTS. Child's sizes, 4^ to 8. i
! with spring heels, ONLY 05 9
CENTS. H
New Illustrated catalogue just 0
1 iuL Send for one. i|
I B. KATSCiNSK!,
\ PHILADELPHIA SHOE 00. j
; 1O THIRD STREET. i
-, £.an Francisco. ?Tho six-story hotel to be erected on the
northeast -corner -of Jones' street and
Louis place will cost $70,000. The owner
is James Schwartz. , ' f .
•P. H. Jordan, late of Los Gatos, and
Mark .Lane, for some years a notary pub
lic of this city, have formed a partnership
to carry on a cityand country realestate,
rent collecting and Insurance business at
116, Montgomery street. . ¦ . . -
and .three cottages, for $12,500.
Colored Man /and a Boy Chased and
' ¦ : ; .' ; Captured" by : Two Po
1 . ' licemen.,. ~~ . ' _
John. Doherty, who is' employed on the*
transport: Warren? was held lip by a col
ored man and a boy, on East street, near
Mission,' about 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. ¦•¦•, The. colored man presented a revol
ver at ¦ Doherty' s head arid ..ordered ; him
.to throw up his 'hands. -He" ; yelled "for
help before the thieves could get anything
from him and his : cries were / heard : by
Policemen McGbwan and ¦ Barry.; TJie
officers chased the two footpads and
ATTEMPT TO HOLD UP j
A TRANSPORT EMPLOYE
F. B. Surryhne reports the sale of the
southeast corner of Ellis and Steiner
streets, 68:9x87:6 feet, covered by* a store
Florin L.. Jones & Co. Just, closed, the
sale of three handsome modern flats and
ict 27:6x137:6 on the north side of Califor
nia street. 170 feet west of Jones, for
John L. Haskell .to George Coffey-. for
$21,000..- '.- - :¦ •;'. ¦- ¦ ' : ;
ty-flve aero orchard, .Saratoga District, to R.
Bee. $5000; 26 acres, San Martin ranch to'W.
J. Goepel, $2G18; 10 acres. San Martin ranch,
to J. Schuy. Chicago. $950; 10 acrgs, San Mar
tin ranch, to C. M. Kurtz, Stockton,' $1000; 20
acres. San ' Martin ranch, to Howard ¦ Vernon.
$2000; 20 acres, San Martin ranch, to. G R:
Vernon Jr.. ?2000; 20 acres. San Martin ranch
to" General G. R. Vernon, San : Francisco.
$2000;- 12% acres. • San • Martin ranch, to Cap
tain Wallace, -San Francisco. ,$1250; -222 acres,
San Mateo. $45,000; 10 acres ¦ at Redwood ¦ to
G. H. . Gerwin, San Francisco. $35C0;' 5 acres
at Redwood to John F. Dupre, Oakland, $1345.
In the If agiee Park Tract, one lot each to
Professor C. J. E. Bennett. Harry Berchurch,
J L. Stull. Charles B. Crothers, Mrs. F. F.
PatterFon. A. H. Eddy. Mrs. B. . L.. B. Row
land Paul Shoup. Joseph A. Lutz. T. A. IC.
FaBs'ett, S. P. Hatcher. Wallace . C. Avery.
Charles L. Smith; two lots each to George W.
Herbert and Dr. -Howard B. Gates; ten lots to
C W Coe. Also the following tracts: Twen-
The following sales are reported by
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery in San
Jose:
SUBURBAN REAI/TY SEIXS.
flats at 263 Perry street; resi-Jence at 525 Fell
Etreet; flats at 2712 and 271214 Bush street: lot
on the north line of California street. 181:3
feet west from Baker street,. 25x127%; lot
and cottage at 2714 Bush Etreet: lot near Wal
ler street, on the east line of Ftllmore street;
lets on "the west line of 5f oe street, near
Eighteenth street.' and also lots on the east Una
of Paris avenue, near Amazon avenue.
caught- them on Howard street, near
Steuart.
The colored^ man was Eugene B. John
son, aporter'living at 227 Second street.
H,e was booked on charges of assault with
intent to; commit robbery and carrying a
concealed weapon. Frank Clark, 17 years
of age, .who alao had' a revolver in his
pocket, was booked- on a charge of car
rying a .. concealed . weapon." . .
The two defendants appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday, but . as neither
the officers nor. Doherty . were present the
cases were continued till to-morrow.
New Things In Cameras.
New cameras,, new films, new plates,
new papers. Full lines of fresh goods at
correct prices. • Also printing and develop
ing. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
I Bock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and vta Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Railways, for Omaha. Kansaa
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones. General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st. •
; . , ~«~-
Improvement Club Meets.
¦ At a meeting o* the Golden Gate Val
ley Improvement Club held Friday night
the tollowlng resolution was adopted:
Resolved. That we. , the . members . of the-
Golden Gate "Valley Improvement Club, do most
respectfully request the honorable Board of
Supervisors to grant to the United Railroads
the right-of-way on Bay street from FUlmora
street to their .power-house now building oa
Buchanan and Norta Point ttreets.
Easton. Eldrldge & Co. will. auction on
Tuesday next and the following men
tioned properties will be offered:
Flats at 4S3 and 425 Grove street; lot and
Lot fronting E5 feet on Grove street, and
Birch avenue, 109:7 feet west from Van Ness
avenue with three three-story houses and two
f.ats; S'os. 71 Bryant etreet and 88 Madison
avenue, with lot 22:€xl37:6; southwest corner
cf OTarrell and Beldeman streets, 45x60 feet
v ith Improvements; lot 24x125 feet and Im
provements on the north line of Vallejo street,
SO feet west from Octavla street; two flats
et Nob. 839 and 841 Oak etreet; two flats and
lot 25x75 feet at 21 Perry etreet; cottage and
lot 6rxll4 feet at 117 Jersey, street; Waln
wtight estata properties on the west line of
Thirty-ninth avenue; also a lot at Peralta
Heights, Oakland.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction real
estate to-morrow and will offer the fol
lowing properties for sale: ; .;; .
PB0PE3ELTT AT AUCTION".
The Rouleau, Simpson and Millar Trust
Company has leased the old quarters of
the California Title Insurance and Trust
Company In the Mills building.
The sales recorded during last week
amounted to $472,000 In round figures and
numbered 83.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. have leased
for the Hobart Estate to Edward
F. Burns the Hammam baths property at
11 to 13 Grant avenue for the period of
five years for $45,000.
Boardman Brothers have leased for H.
London to the Underwriters' Fire Patrol,
premises on the south line of Bush street,
137:6 feet west from Laguna street, for
ten years for the purpose of a patrol sta
tion.
Oscar Heyman has Bold two lots on the
east line of Dame street, 150 feet west
from Kandall street, for $1300, and a lot
on the west line of Buena Vista street,
290 feet north from Cortland avenue, for
$400. The same broker Is building four
room and bath cottages on Buena Vista
street north from Cortland avenue and
on the east line of Dame street, north
from Randall street, and also a 6-room
cottage on Olive Court, off Union street.
Henry Kahn has bought the J. C. Hum
phrey place on the east line of Hyde
street. 137:6 feet north from Pine street,
22:11x80 feet, for $7000, the property join
ing the other property recently acquired
by Mr. Kahn on the north line <of Pine
street.
Guy T. Way man has sold to Hartland
Law, for Mrs. Schultz, a lot on the north
lino of Bush street, 137:6 feet west from
Mason, with 2-story dwelling, for $15,000.
For William R. Flnlay to Nat T. Coulson.
c Lot 25x100 feet and five flats, on the west
fiOe of Belcher street. 125 feet north of Four-
U<ecit street, for $9000; for Sheldon G. Kel
lesS to Peter Jens.-n. a lot 25x137 :G and a
Ihicc-ttory building at 217 Eighth street, for
tfHJLVl for M. Fisher to B. Heilfron. a lot 25
x!<«i feet and two new flats of six and eight
i. -;,n-.s and bath, at 1053 and 1655 Waller street,
T--T <>75Co; f>>r AU-xandre Metral to A. G. Cat
!:•:'. a lot 25r75 feet ar.d three front and two
:••;-. r fiats, at 537 Stevenson street, for $7000;
:r Asnes Foster to Charles S. Hr-aley. a lot
I'.-xIOU feet and an eight-room residence, at
IV.» Cole street, for $C400. and for M. J. Tracy
to T. O'Brien, a lot 25x100 feet and two flats
at 511 »~i 513 Scott rtreet, for $5750.
RICHMOND BLOCK IS SOLD.
Lyon & Hoag report the following
sales:
Entire block 195 In the Richmond district,
bounded by Point Lobos avenue, Clement
Etreet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth avenues, to E.
J. Le Breton for William HarcUman and
Koshay Walker for $43,750; three new flats on
the north line of l'2.cil?c avenue, 102 :l> feet west
cf Broderick street, with the lot 33xl27:SVi
for $17,500; for C. ML Hansen to J. H. Dieck
mann, lot 25x100 with improvements on the
couth side of Waller street, 100:3 west of
Shrader, for $051-0; to Uucntim. Eassegnano for
Daniel McKillci). two new flats with lot 25x125
on the west line of Bartlett street, 135 feet
south of Twenty-sixth, for $5000; let 25x100,
with new cottage, en the west line of Missis
sippi street, lor $l!&0; to Mrs. Margaret
Thompson fcr 11800. lot 50x100 on the north
line of Maripcsa street, 25 feet east of Te^cas;
for S. E. Mezes to J. H. Bchlig, lot and im
provements on the south side of Broadway,
137 :0 east of Hyde street. 81:€xi:>7:G, for $14,-
OOO; to Julia C. Lyon. the northeast corner cf
Folsom street and Moss place. 25xS0, with
three-story bulMinr, ior $10,000; lot 55xlC5 on
the east siae of Cole street, . 57:0 south of
Frederick, lor $3050; to Thomas S. Cook for
S1475, the cottage and let 25x70 on the east
line of Elsie street, 12S:4 feet north from
Court'.and avenue; for O. F. Wiley to William
B. Pring-le, let 23:4x1 CO with improvements, on
the west line cf Third street, 25<>:S feet south
cf Bryar.t. for $7000.
Sales have been effected by Bovee, Toy
& Sonr.tas as follows:
* Lot CCsSO feet with improvements consist
ing cf a four-story brick buildingr on the south
east lin# of Market street, 55 feet southwest
fr-jza Eighth, to James Whitney for $47,000;
lot on the south lire of Post street. 91 :7 feet
¦feet from Mason. 25xS7 :<i feet, with two-story
,frame building, to Mark E. Lewis for Thomas
Mi'ton; lot 45:11x137 :U en the south line of
Rust street, adjoining the piece bought by
Lewis, improved v.ith two-story brick builci
ir.g. for Mrs. Lippman Sachs to D. Zellnsky
lor S-JT.COU; lot 1:5x137 :« feet and two-story
jr^r.ie building en the west line of Taylor
Etreet, 112:0 feet north from Turk, from George
Wenie'.l to the George Haas Realty Company
fcr WtS.COO.
P.ESIDENCES CHANGE 0WNEE3.
Nelson, Johnson & Co. report sales as
follows:
For Mrs. Margaret C. Porter, the lot on the
north line of Grove street. 62:6 feet east of
Polk. 30x100, with three-story frame. J11.800,
to C. A, Worth; lor C. E. Johns, lot on Har
rison etreet, south of Twenty-fourth, 2bxll!0
feet, $1250. to K. Werdeklnd; for Mrs. N.
Lubosch. lot on south line of OTarrell street,
east or Larkin, iilxiK). with frame building in
store and flats, $15,000, to J. D. Curtis; for
C. Larson, lot on east line of Sixth avenue,
south of Clement. 25x120, $1100. to E. Gervals;
for Mary Sweeny, 'the lot on the south side
of Pice etreet, 41:2 feet west from Polk, 25x120
to rear street, with flats and rear brick build-
Ing. $13,600, to the Mercantile Trust Company;
for Mrs. C. Foltz the lot 25x112 :<$, with dwel
ling house 1157 Stanyan street, near Sullivan.
$«£50. to \\\ R. Douelas. ,
Sales have been made by Eastony El
dridge &. Co. as follows:
Charles Wellbush to John H. Classen, the
lot on the northwest corner of Seventeenth and
Sanchez streets, containing stores and flats.
30x91 :li. lor 57aCO; William D. Meyer to Wil
liam N. Matthews, the lot on the north line
of Carl street. ITU feet east of Cole. 25x137 :C.
for $1500; William D. Meyer to Andrew I*. Ed
wards, a lot on the north line of Carl street.
154 feet east of Cole, 25x137:6. for $1500; D.
McKer.zie to Charles E. Thomas, lot and im
provements on the east line ot Fifth avenue,
275 feet south of Clement street. 25x120, for
$2100; J. Patterson to Morgan Richards, flats
on Seventeenth street, aear Church, lot 44:tix
100. for $5650; to Charles A. Mohaupt, lot on
the north line of Dorland street. lli-.l'A east
t>r Church. 114x157:6. for $725; to Samuel Mar
tin, lots on the west line of Steiner etreet, 55
feet north of Vallejo. 55x110, $4000: to Robert
M. Cruikshank,- lots on the south line of Seven
teenth street. 183:3 feet east of Church, 75x
iOO. for $4425.
The estate of C. F. Fargo has sold the
old Poodle Dog property on the southeast
corner of Bush street and Grant avenue,
through the agency of Davidson & Leigh,
with Improvements, for $69 750. to M.
Fleishacker. The lot Is 100x69 feet. This
is the largest sale of the week. The same
brokers also report the following sale*:
Brokers Carry Out Deals in
All (Parts of This
3K City.
Week's Transactions Are
Not Numerous but
Satisfactory.
REALTY PRICES
ARE SUSTAINED
THE SAN FRANCISCO -* CALL, SUNDAYj JUNE 15, 1902.
A four-story and: basement annex of
brick will be added to the store of Gold
berg; Bowen &. Co. on- Sutter street at
a cost of 525,000. . -
.Nine flats will be ercted by Dr. Short
on' the west line ¦ of '.Van Ness avenue,
north from Union street, to cost $34,000.
Mrs. Elizabeth Hancock's apartment
house on the north line of Ellia street,
•west from.Leavenworth, will. contain two
stores and 150 rooms above.
21
ITEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SAU" FBA1TC?ISCX) PHYSICIAN
Uses Herpicide Successfully in Treat-
ing Sycosis of the Beard.
He says: "I recently treated a case of
eycosls (similar to barber's itch) of the
lower Up with Newbro's Herpicide. There
was an extensive loss of beard with in-
flammation extending well down on the
chin. Tte result of the application of
Herpicide was most gratif ying;. The loss
of beard ceased and a new grrowth of hair
Is now taking place over tbe once Inflamed
su-ea.
(Signed)
-MELVILLE E. O'NBIL. M. D..
"845 Howard St.
"San Francisco. Cal." - V -
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ and
causes the hair to grow abundantly.
THE EMPORIUM. - - 1 p^ THE 3MP0RIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ~ -| -/ - THE EMPORIUM.
S W^^^P^^^^^ F " hi0 ° "™ iy . CALI FORNI A'S LARi^f^ ! _^^^^^^^* S * B>^" J wkf'wr?^ -SjiS f m^h
jf suitable for June weddings or birthday gifts: "«^ ¦ mn ~'m '' ' mm*' J» *f » ¦ > r - v '- '- *<* "'¦' «od» »» B B flAP* M ' '-f- -¦'¦•'¦' m m ia Shop p > n g [_ ]1 «
i 9t c-inch Libby Brilliant Cut Bonbon Dish, with ZC& *%> ffWBiTU <£& ® IS&gl3bff&BB6r*WB0THBf) ff&BKI SH? f&H H B 13} BsB 3 £& fifflH B*B&ff* &% £2) BIB ffvf i! *5i ff* - g *' " tin " " " 5
If 5 handle. $1.75 B* %% 53 B G& SB B tt&JlS+BQL*B.B*MBB3a» BMBB ff%%2BB£MB*BBQ2 BWB%2a r %*BB4BBBQJBB&%2u lined, with oxidized or French Gray Gate
\i tZ^1^\^aiZ'^^i''%%^s This is a "money-saving" store in every sense -pf the word. For five years it has been our ceaseless top '/ ' ' ',;; •••••• •^•^ g
|g Libby waveri^cut Water Bottle. .^7, 25 effort to lower the cost of all kinds of reliable merchandise. The people have appreciated our efforts— hence our Silkoline Sale ) *
ij c U o'o"i C c^tY U garand U c; e^ been giving the greatest money- And Other Draperies. i
|g Libb y ,o-inch Empress cut vase. $5 75 sav ing chances ever known in San Francisco. Study these "Ads," which are samples of the kind of offerings we A n«theroftw««i!onai.fleriBg.ofdr.p« y 5
\$ s^L^nS^^ %i2'.<jo make, and you will see that this is no vain boasting, but'a plain statement of undeniable facts. We shall continue -matemis, just at the season o£ the, ear when $
IS u *. M i**>n%^ making every endeavor, through good service, through low pricing; on best goods, to improve and increase our busi- ttTt^T^o* i
I V HOUS&nOSU f«e?Ul3» neSS Still more ¦ . I^ ':'¦"<•'.: drapery and curtain department fcxnouj. ."»
| Ot Great Interest. _ . -I, g> . ' - ct ar gVB- r*—*^i^^ %
s 3SaS^s^^s^ss : i most important Saie of BEST Graties w f r t i^"" j
fc ; White Spreads^Gcod Marseilles, full si«; many /\ - - SMQSMBSs© m^(B^tGSa \fF^^© * B ? 36-lnch Bur!aps-20 different 'patte^ .!»o io Jt
» new patterns to choose from; eich . $1.5 J xfr 33^!!^^ <^~^h' ; - '" : ; A^WS <3£^i^' ' «^V P laia colo "» 3 rard • • 200 %
%' White Spreads— The new fringed make, best W ffl f\\^W\ ET****!** M S« BH) 0J* B B l&B 4*B> *% *£ ' * MB* ff*€2*B ' B&OtoB+mBBZSl ¦ V^^^^¥ FiS«red and Plain Dtnlms— a new lot jwt re- 1%
aC crochet, large si^ each &1*6D [Zz/StJ^Sl M J MZ.W&B* J^% BB BS S3 SB %3 & S3 BffB \ '<8S/ ceired; b«t quality; leading ihades; marked *
Jf Fine White Blankets— 72 inches wide ti d<;ep \ Kyt ' WM \}S7i%/ '' ¦ ... , , - ; , "' ,. " . - r t-, ' j r n- '^"•C A*'*f > \ -'^JW peryard 20o jf
ar ribbon binding, 5 % lbs weight, nearly aii- k>s^,M \^<M We ve made an ¦ extraordinary^ purchase of Thousands of Pieces «3m-f vw English cretonnej-45 bchet wWc double S
;jC woci ;P air. ...... . .. $3.95 ¦ {^^0> (v^^p of the Highest Grade, Double-Coated, Patent Granite Ironware— the \| O* &ced,yard '.400 $
\i Ca wl°oi" la 8 Double Coated dn Double Co , t e d . hong st'kind— that was made when the enameling process was first DouWe Coitei 6oc Doub r e c«i.i fxc *' 1 JSSi I
|ft° P a5r $7.45 cov^d 3-quart enamel covered invented — before greedy manufacturers began single-coating. This Coffec p «"l»- Fruit jar raien Fj d Lawns _ for c ' otta , 5
t : Th ,L w^n kn 3 'Sfll «rtfuw T\£:! s : TeV u P^ ; L'e C is the shapeiy.non-poispnous granite ware, that will outlast for years S nc f Q r S^ S&SS **¦**«»* p-p* %
K neatly made; whi e stock en hand lasts— • • • 57c p"ce. . .57o the single- coated .variety with which the market is now flooded. Every piece bears the well- sale price; 36 O y: r / : :'. """* . ; £\ -J
\K Pequot Sheets— 54x90 inch . . 45a Each known blue label that distinguishes this aristocracy, of kitchenware." For the first time in the . Specialties M the jt
!J» Pequot Sheets— 63x90 inch . . 52%. C Each history of the trade we offer this grade at Special Sale, at prices which" experienced housekeepers will immediately sec, and much . lower ' than those SfsfiOIIOi'V DCBtm 3«
\K o eqUOt fects -7 2X 9o jn«J .. 57YzC Each regu i ar i y charged for the cheap single-coated po's and kettles. 'But a-few of the many useful articles that -we shall place 'in this Great Sale, wri t3ng Paper and Enrelope. ia taaTkid .nil •*
I* Peouct Sheets— 90190 inch .. 67^ C Each Beginning WlOmSay, are aescriDea ana pneca nerc. ... . % _ t w- : .,.-... lmcn finish, 5 different colors, octaro slxe, Jt
ij Pequot Cases— 45x36 inch . . 15c Each .-' ¦ • -^ .«. " - • , '- . nicely boxed, box 25O *
\i Pequot Cases -50x36 inch . . 16 2 /iG Each „* '~2 9 i^** ¦ — — ~ \ " ¦" 'X-^^Ll'"-" ''''•\lJ«' < flMf Waterman's Fountain Pens— Don't carry bot- JJ
U; Pequot Cases-54x 3 6 inch .. 17%O Each . - - ' W^S^ -^^1^ SSz^^M *** ' fc f<rj t!es of bk In your trunk when you go to the ,%
I »T - »jj< to <z^ Y^^^^^^^^f_ -trj*' X^^'&^ZZZn &&Z s 5S5 Sfe^ T~t~^^^ country when you can get the best Fountain .*
£ For Art Embroidery avJ^Wf^W^ \ aoSSmlM \ t^SZ==S^ / ~ j(§\ l o *™$ hi P*r* m * j°° \} co^ n '^ 5 ° *
|E Beauti'ul .tamped an3. f la:n In.ns cf all kin^, -^^^^^MC I W W IHs! \ l^WL \ Wi ' \^JSM \ £££ . .^ . 7^ Ufa S
J» pieces of Spanish, Mexican and Japanese . . . . : . . - ' , .. ... . ' ' w-K* v i 0 T*kI # u "5
12" Drawn wcrk, suitab'c for center pieces, t.As- Double Coated Muffin Pans, U Double C o a t e d Djuble Coat. dPie-" Double Coated Pr:serving Double Coated Double Coated Ket- Double Coated Rice witn xaieiociu y— j^^^=y^ i»
j «f beard covers, tray cloths, doylies, tabV covers, holes 70c kind for. . . . 4 7o Straight Saucepans, serving Kettles, 10- Kettles, with rerinaed or Water Buckets, choice ties for gas stoves, wuh Boiler, the" regular ana * Keys— /f T\ J«
'K rtc. Hand-made Battenberg and Renaissance ' . ' [ with cover— quart 95c size, sale enameled covers, 10-quart of 7 or 8 quart s T ies, double copptroid bot- $1.25 size, sile price 7-in. . . 55O j ¦ J*
¦J» Piece?, and all kinds cf patterns, braid?, rings Double Ccated, long-handled 12%- , , pr ; ce # # , ..Q% o s ; ze, regularly and- regularly 65c and 75c, torn, the 3^-quart 98C; 3-quart . $1.50 J-b . . . 60O 1 — foW 1
I X and threads to make them with— " inch 70c Fry Pans, sale price.. 49C a rt 6oc ,;« 3 g o «i 50, our sale price. ©SO for 49O $1.00 the, for...630 «« $1.08 9""» • ¦ • 70O I VI^ J
|K Corticelli Embroidery Silk, dozen . . . 45c D uble Coa'ed Tea Kettle in • Double 9 ° a l e d 9 ouart' Vz- ' 7fl/» DoubIe Coited Pie Double Coated r ud-, Double Coated- Sau- 10-in . ..75fl|l •_ f ,<«
itf Heivy Si.k Cords lor pilows, yard. . 15o S ets— <br bci i.ig mush or rice, will 3 -quart 70c siz: 49c Water Paili — seam- J -; • • • • -jw«» Plates — 9 - inch, 20c ding Pans-iK-q«rt cers— 6 inches diam- 12-in. . . 8O0 J m '1
Iff B^stquiaty German Kr.i.ting Yarn, skein 25c fit any 7, 8 or 9 tea kelfe; instead - . - less, 10-quart 85c size SX-Pl* ¦««•• • • -S^O ,"«, /5 C; ,o-inch 2 S c size, /9cr5- eterj^sa!e price, each i 3 -m.. . . &UOS I|b . . . 5Z.35
a? Lu;ter Crochet Cotton, all colors, spool . ./So of 40c, sale price. 2GO. 6-q«« 90c size 73O •¦' \ ... ¦ 55c A-tpoxt size. ... . -52g 25c size . . . . 18O <¥™t 40c ««¦ ,g9O ........ Qq 14m. ¦ -g/.2Q I '6-«n . . • S1.5O 'jf
j|-I season's Mosi sensational saSepf Q!&we S&I& Exiraoirdsw&ry. Carpet and Rug Sale • I
; l From one of tfe jobbiTfhSL ia America "we have purcfSsTd ' C^^^^^^W^^' PaiB^m ClOSingf Out Many ESeSMGgiZS* . %
'% several thousand yards of th's season's most popu'ar Colored Dress Fabrics — /pssS^^ Nearly a thousand pairs of Women's Agreat Carpet opportanity is offered you this week. Dozens of this season'* >r
»«* the^hort ends ot their season's selling. They are^mostiy in suit lengths of 5, ¥^^,'Jz^p<^^^L = J^' Two-clasp Kid Gloves — Small designs to be closed out. Cost of goods will not be considered. Of many j{
;V 6 and 7 yards each. There are, however, some short lengths of the heavier rr-^^^^^y^^^ lots left from.prcvious sales, on patterns we have only enough for a rocm or two. , Please bring the size of S
¦J> w=ight fabrics for walking skirts and outing wear. Tre assortment consists of: j^^^^^^^^-^ ( which occasions they were sold at 79c and $1.00 rooms with you if convenient, and we'll present to you a bargain opportunity $
|*»* 48 inch Voile 40-indl Silk Warb Sublime ~^>^ _^<gr^ —^^^^* the pair, go on sale Monday only gS&g/n not likely to occur again very soon. • ; - >-.^ :
;i jC-iKc/i Crepss* :: \ (Polka <Do s) . \^^ -^^^^ ............... .:...:..... ' m 9.m9 M S $1^0 Axminstcr Carpet— Beautiful designs and colorings; heavy p2e 5
iK Misital ¦> 54-itlCh Oxford Stripes - ,, ¦ ¦ _ - V , r ;. 6 ao pairs are twe^dasp. Kid Gloves, b colors and black, - carpet in such makes as Hartford and Smith'sj to close, per yard . . . . . . . §1 »1 5 ,J
46- nch V goureux i (Chalk Lines) - ;. r ;! . all sizes; 325 pa-rs are two-clasp Mocha Gloves, in tans_ and JUS Body Brussels — In a variety of patterns/ Persian <nd floral desrgns;~heavy " .' «
iSi 48-inch Fancy Stlifrd DAilUal • " rfVUCirCkviot M Xtlirei ' -^ - ----' - browni »,stylish, comfortable and durable. /These, also, in all sizes. to~do«, yard. Q5O %
\str. This is by far the most attraxiiv; lot of Dress Goodi we have placed on sale this year. .Not a Lomeetrly, before SJ%e lines art > oro/teii. v 4.-. $1X0 Tapestry Carpet— Ten- wire grade j suitable for any room, halls and stairs; _ -ij
! *•* p : ece in tre 'ot, at very ckse silling va"ue, worth less than Si.oo a yardj most of it ' : 1 : -. sewed, laid and lined; to close, yard ..................... 72o S
I *• j.1.25 and $1.50. . .*" : —^ _ _, gmgm ' nr' 'mjg - 7Sc Tapestry — Good grade and large assortment; sewed and laid, yard. .5Go \r
S p^rom^ffs^t^a^^ ®f M&&OB* Sd'^SS^T^T^^^^^ll^ 18^ VS?"* '"' " " " •^ lto ' S
t; Lie F rce, F :r yard B*»B+C& "^BUttS f\W^^ * Up Ru 9 s -° f Axmmster, Body Brussels and Tapestry Carpets; sjzc 313 J
;* — , *J£8B S9 C&BBZB . I " I \n\^^5s\ ' feet ? 8 P ecIal • • • • • .......... ..... . 85o £
! 5» /a 4&*~.tJ^ ~».& P m Swx^,^r< &*% IUl *<* £ & £ ** r<* ' BE~ j*&e^^J^^-L' \ •/Pi) Matting Rujs — Fancy weave, with Persian borders and Japanese figured centers; "5
fc /I &&!f© &w Fine UhassieSa JeSSy (BHasses* - J >{/ JJ ---i™ £*<£*>¦***. . . . .. . . ... ..... ... . . . . . $1.06 |
|t: This is a lot of very choice Chalks that our New York buyers closed out from Our First Great Fruit Jar Sale of the season. A QJ^ • In 8 raln Arl S<T«res— 7 f«t 6 inches by 9 feet; pretty designs; special $2.90 \ ;'$,
;5f the mil' men at more than a third off cost, because they were made too late thousand doz;n best quality Mason, Fruit Jars at Jess . —^ '. j. ' : ', — ¦ — ! 777 . JJ
!g fcr their orders. Every piece of them is desirable in" style, quality and col- than jobber's cost. They are machine made, smooth .'M AS01^ SslG Of B^il ff*ffi St IBB+G2 SSffTTBil fi £*&—*» "«
\X oring. They are the rich satin stripes, and we place them on •«j» tops, porcelain-lined screw caps. Mdnday only— ' , P : *»**"*" «** ¦ 9MM Mmmmmmm w* yr9aMBMJ*m*~<+9 j»
>j: special sale to-morrow or.iy at th? remarkab'e price,, per yard . . . . &&& *' V p§ n t s 53c Do*. " " " i^ iifi^!J Ull£i- A RSire ChStJCe %
K B-tvSnntnn <2nw*~nfitxBrt and \Nane*h*><ste*B* Ots, S3 j Doz. ' Half Gals, 85c Doz. — Z^m0 for Home £
$ R*n**n§stop, &pr.it9fiB8ti anei Wingftsster j3lJ > y iumMcrs _ Fancy band>bHght ExtraPorci!ainCaps _ ForM a S on F^t jar S; . Furnishers. :;
' H H "SI IS 9 F&33£>y IO USG, SS>B B &SSlm uncovers; on sale Monday only, dozen.. 25o Beginning Monday we X
if ., , ,: "I^^'TJ, r r . dO . 2e "-: I::"!, K2Z£^!ZZr::?1'.%i , - m Wm?% m make red,cdo M ra.gbg frcn .j
t ? XL^^» „¦...-¦ ,. , of the b«c of the Rfl.-s : — gg C^ 3° to 50 per cent on 77 <*
[H fh^^-^^W^ ~~g^^^^g^ n • taken by the Thrte . no— \ fFrts O& yZ% sample pieces of finely made \
i j\^^*^^ ' - — ¦¦¦'•¦¦-"» .^r-^=^3 Great Powers from the S23ff*GS}£m(8§*W SSffUSi BmBiBUQB* M f Y% Q §» . furniture — Sideboards, Din- .**
* . ,....„ ,^, . . 1 . , j j r / a ¦ jsa ¦• a* : - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ Sk ¦ K5a ¦ •¦ - : ' nrtii . "^2 •laDies, v^ninoniers, bed.* j»
» cought by us from Ur.:ted States arsenal. They are, we thin*, in gocd order, ready lor / ,J- . vd® <5r MKt A 1 ' A **
j £ target practice or hunting purposes, and are now on special sale at. . . Gfe'G j£& £Q y/ if ' M&&BB9*m room ana parlor suits,, and
IS : • • • &Bd<&& Y _M .Don't miss our Monday sale of Best Eastern Hams— Nice, Sg? :^F>C^ : ' odd P 1CCCS of mIm08t g
|g 250 Snytter-En field RifieS , /pO?^ I ' firm ' swcct » su g ar -cured meat; best in. the .IJBifi dcscri P tion - . These goods must be immediately sold to make .room for, new . J
j If Have also been cleaned, polished and oiled, ready for shooting, and arc now rfb <§ iJ42> [tS HA^l ¦[ market; to-morrow only, lb . . . B~B*2C • Stocks to arrive. ;,">;<.'". ]t
jg on special tale— each.. . . : . ... . .;.;.. . «*2 S 0 fi «O> Jp J -Best Collce—Ouf most popu'ar Tava and Mocha either Extension' Table— like picture, 'well polished quarter-sawed golden oak, top J
£ A few hundred Riflts, Carbines, Guns and Muskets, of all rnakes^ and descriptions, still remain • W . yV. ,. >'-'. J i TVyT^J,',, Ik -». forty-five bches square, fire-inch rope effect legs, v easy moiring slides, extends six feet, formerly -' J»
I* undeaned. Many of them would make good weapons if properly cared for; all of them are \^ // ground or in the bean; on sale Monday, lb g<£hg% $ao.oo, now. .'. . ... . . . . . . * . •¦ $12.QO *
; % suitable far decorating dubrocms, dens, etc. This lot is marked for the special ty £$g* . . . . . .& &*" Solid Oak Sideboard— Size 23x4.2 inches, oval front base, with heavy canopy "I
;tf sa'c, beginning to-mcrrow, at the extraordmanly low pnee, each: . . . . . «7«9C» Fels Naptha Spa P - 5 bars. . '. . . . 25o Sauteme, Reisling or Burgundy-Our regular top and «x 24 -inch bevel p'atemiJor, reduced from' J24.00, for thb week . . $14.43 jt
jJ — , Baking lowder— Emporium best; our guaran- high-class wines; Monday, gallon . . 55o Extra Heavy Iron Bed— Pretty scroll effect, in cream and gold or^ blue and -5
Iff LaSt Week Of the ~ ><Zi^ tC , ed b ; an , d i . M0nd c iy ', I ; lb rVi O Ke S <UC J y l ffi" r , Wh ??, y ~ A M S0Od ' "21* ¦ >M 'en.mel,no better make in the 'market, formerly sold for to eta... $16.85 5
• * x-CZir> (^S^K Keek's Gelatine— Sparkling; 3 packages.^5O Bourbon; Monday, full quarts .. . . 55O _ 6 c ':, r ..,j, r .. .» , r • r^T «
IS $7m4O SUit Said «15W ' Heinzs Fickles— Either mixed pickles or chow^- ABC Beer- Monday, pints, do«en. $1.40 rMCy ipmOlC LuIlflS trifi-Made ofcjJ "...,. Jt
j J. .- .... \ \!^L chow; bottle .. .... . . .. #5© Claret— A full-bodied table wine that we feel maple, very close weave wire -mattress, fancy ' F^^TDJU .,,',- . Jg
*»" T ou can use another Summer Suit, don't miss this * aS5sL Pink Betns Best quality; Monday, 8 ibs . . sure w ; ll please; gallon, 4-BQf 5-gallon brass knobs on corners, reduced from $8.50 ' TT Tlln - ., t*.< t 5
1 Jf chance. Stylishly cut, broad-shculdered, shape retain- -^/V^^v vw\l^^^ ....... .-. . . . . . 25O " lots . . .... .. '. • . . . . $1.80 'to.. . . ..." . . . . . .$5.65 TW TJ'| 1 1 « 1 " ' '" * "_'j{- j»
k* ing front Sack Coats, single-breasted vests, trousers that /.' 7\ Condensed' Milk— Dixie brand; 3 tins . 25o Champion Whisky- Guaranteed 8 years old; Mantd Folding' Bed — Of hardwood, |nTjmi ai i'i.' ' ' \ 1. D lit ' uTrff •*•
* hang as trousers should. These < 10.00, $12.50 and M i^/ hvAM%'fraa /?- 'Bm Hdjdf.n WMsky— Mellow, Monday, gallon $2.4U oak and ash, double or three-quarter siis, ||| J||b fl «1M & & &ttUnlli iTWMlliC «
jf $15.00 Suits are well made from good cheviots, cajsi- / * > i WWflM®S I old goods, bottled in bond; Monday, bottle . Choice Brandy — California Grape Brandy; - well made and finished, with two-ply co'l filR JJjUfc! 4K: HmII- HITO S
X meres and serges, and Monday and _-—.-.! » , ' Hi\ lul/iA 1 1 ......••.' SOC Monday, bottle 65C spring supported woven wire mattress; special [ JdXlJj I iTTTfTTT 5 liWO^il
; J during the week, the Big Store's 7 mQQ \ \> \ \ '* I 1 SSjl — — ' " : ¦ . this week $14.85 |^ |j '' mr H'jJP^ .i{
47o'of Boys^T^PieooSuHs-U'jM 1 |M | $i.5O Hammocks */./«. | Ptoiy Po»iy, S«. || 1 T -|
ft Forages 9 to 15 years; knee pants; a large variety jTj | \ ¦ VJjjL^I Jgft . Do YOU want a thoroughly good, full-size .^:;V- <Ume with back . ?SX I M
y in light and_ dark effects, neat mixtures, from which (J^ y JSr" ~ Hammock, that will be sure to last you all the -I .'. "7 t " ".'" 11 .......... .^-O*O y,
* , to make se'ecdon; were $3.50; sale 4*0* £+g* \ \\ '||| I ™ season— yes,. and with fair usage, all of another /^~\_\ '•( if I ~ — : ~~ ~ — : ' 1*
V price, beginning Monday. ..... j»^,Qtf. Ka ,on? . If so, uke ad- ; .^|/VJ \ A.I ' FlatinC/CftCS 7%G. OrffDHtJiCS, S
a ¦ . - a vantsce of our .Monday i I/Wxv '< >^?v> \ J*^* • , , .»_ri • • * • ¦ <• #^ *^ v m*>* <5£
S Ten Popular- Sheet Music We. . ' . k. . H.»»«k s*. i 1'fc^lii^ *JSS, J,"'5- ,*? e ?^ l!|1 * aC ' S
I $1.50 Books, 95c. ./ll^^i. . M ¦ . . . ..: . .. . . . ; ,> x , xwi^g-gn^^^ *
fc Ten of the most popuar books of the day, pub- copy of each title; music published at 50c a vi4s~ "W^TV^ " black, red, etc., for which you gtnsrally pay «J
J. lished at $1.50 each, on sale in the o copy, that we sell regularly at 25c, „. -. ' ( e^ V! Vi£- N3 »^^^^ U \$th!4g% 6mfzn#8«Z <?»/*> 5°= » y 3^; » P"ced by the Big Store . 35O "*
* big store, Monday only. .. ...»SC , tc . morrow , c h 0 ic C . ....... 'fOc , . -- , . VTMWG IXOOUS VStCm DreS s Seersuckers— The best makes of our 5
*f "The Crisis," by Winston Churchill. .. ' >•'.'¦/}.': ' • _ . . ¦ .: . . _¦• Two . large lots for Monday's selling. We American mills; colorings good as the im- «**
$ "The Right of Way," by Gilbert farker. Q ,¦¦¦¦¦• " T h e one in picture would be cheap at $1.50; TWs good Fing rong bet, w^ two wooa oats, deaned theendre lines in these two ported} the very best Amoskeag goods; for £
J. "Cardigan," by Robert Chambers. Ua4 tm^mm U*»l** 1 it is ' a. good, '• strong canvas weave, in pretty ¦ n J?S7 J Wir^dS XS makes, and the quantity is large even for our dresses, waists, etc.; yard. ... . . . WO «
If "Grcumstance," by S. Weir Mitchell. Nathan Hate colorings; has pillow spreader, short spreader clamps, stout net and six balls, complete with lmmeaK output . They arc fancy weaves t ; Li _ tuv
>t "D'riandl," by Irving Bacheller. JT-, /f* **wo»««s at foot and a wide valance; Monday only latest book of rules, only . . -«-» and dim } ty str i pe , ; n good quality; worth CiSntfV ShlDDeil •" 5
J "Grausurk," by G. B. McCutcheon. .V v . &G .%*lgarS, .............. $1.18 ..... . . . V^mUU , sc and 16 %c a yard, but to-morrow mj~ -JJif B***Z!ZJ1
5 •Tristram of Blent," by Anthony Hope. SteCUll AUTklS PVeek Strong, Open-weave Cotton Hammock— With 'Other sets— fi. 00, $3.00, $5.00, and they are specially priced .. . . . MtC . MtM M itM tSOXCSw
V "Count Hannibal," by Stanley Ji Weyman. •..¦*•• _ *^^ ' • '"*' wide spreider at bead, narrow spreader at foot, . . • White India Llnon — A case of 50 pieces of this Best French Mixed Candy, packed in tin boxes *X
*f "Blennerhassett," by Charles T. Pidgin. €9 IOr 25Cm for. . .' . • .' - •• . .".'. . . . 65O Vellum sets — '50c, '$1.00,' £2.50,' $5,00, useful fabric; 30 bches wide; sheer, • even for country shipment, without extra charge, 5
If "Captain Ravenshaw," by R. N. Stephens. \ O- — '¦ 1— — — I > A Stout White Canvas Hammock, for. $ 1.OO $7> 50, $10.00.; " threaded weave; yard .° ...,:. . 12}io R>.'35c; 3 lbs, $1.00. JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPH ECKELS. Proprietor. - ..' ¦_. .. j' ; . Address Communications to VV; SrLEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY^.;..................;.......;..;..;..,.;;-;,,.;,^;.,;;^....:,..,,,.. ::.... JUNE 15. 1902
Publication Office.. .;. . . *' m . . . . • rtgsfpSiffejv Market .and Third S. F.
By Guisard.
MILLER TELLS OF DREAM
FOR ADVANCEMENT OF HIS
PROFESSION IN THE WEST.
THE SAXFRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUXE ;15, 1902.
SUCCESSFUL AND POPULAR AC
. TOR, NOW PLATING AN EN
GAGEMENT IN THIS CITT.
"Do you think that was a fortunate
marriage?", asked the minister's wife,
after their return from a fashionable wed
ding at which her husband had officiated.
"Oh, yes. very!" replied the reverend
gentleman, shaking the coins in his
pocket. "I needed the money."— Yonkers
Statesman.
PP Going to Thunder Mountain ??
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and Stites, Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into this district are most accessible..
For sates, etc.. address T. K. STATELI .:,
G. A.. 047 Market St.. S. F. BRtflB
flourishing societies— still, I am glad to
be at home."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Town3end's-*
» ? »
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
¦ ¦ ? ¦
Reduction, genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15
to 40c. Note 81 4th. front barber, grocer.*
» ? .
Townsend's California glace fruit, Ljc a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Marl- :
street, Palace Hotel building. . •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ » »
Merchant— What did that man want?
Clerk— He didn't seem to know.
Merchant— What was he kicking about
when he went out?
Clerk— I suppose he* was kicking because
he didn't get it.— Philadelphia Press.
POPULAPw ORGANIST "WHO
LIKES SAN FRANCISCO BET
TER THAN BOSTON.
, A movement has been started to get the men,of the. civilized world to celebrate this year
the centennial of the adoption of the use of trousers instead of knee-breeches. Just what form
the celebration is to take has not been decided, but perhaps as good a -way as any would be to
drop- the custom since the century is complete arid go back to
It is stated that the British Ministry has no intention to restore to. Cape Colony the con
stitution that was. suspended during the war, but that, in place of it, all South Africa will be com
bined as a federation under one general government over which; Great Britain will exercise a close
supervision for some years to come- . .
An illustration of the rapidity with which electrical appliances have -improved and at the
same time, increased in cost is shown in the statement of the contractor for th'e'Underground Rapici
Transit Railroad in New York that at the time the estimates were first
that the electrical equipment would cost $7,000,000, but.it is now found triat td get the' latest and
best the equipments will cost upward of $18,600,000. "; i • ¦ '¦-. • -V X ;• \ ;
A Pennsylvania clergyman has' been caught advertising for a wife and furthermore it has
been disclosed that in order to send a lock of hair to each of: his correspondents he bought an
-assorted lot from the village barber. /He/is now-accused of deception, but his defense is that' he
never said- the hair was his.' The case will probably.be known "as a "hairasy trial."
THE classic ten minutes," Henry
Miller laughingly apologized, as. so
much late for his appointment
with me, he groped his way into
the semi-darkness of the Columbia
auditorium on Tuesday morning last.
"An actor's clock Is always permitted
just eo much leeway, but no more, no
more," he concluded, as we settled our
selves into a loge, where the actor-man
cger could keep an eye and a half upon
the "Gay Lord Quex" rehearsal that was.
just beginning, and the other half upon
rne.
"You are looking very 'fit,' Mr. Miller
this morning " I began, as the actor's
particular kind of handsomeness with a
special air of elation loomed up In the
dimness.
"And what for no?" h^ said happily.
"Not that the morning — Tuesday morning
— always finds me quite so cheerful. But
the kindness of last night and the deli
cate and sympathetic understanding of
my own and my company's aims shown
by the critics in this morning's papers
have Just 'set me up,* as the phrase
goes. "You know, however hearty a first
night welcome may be, we players go to
bed only half sure — only half at ease,
until the papers come in the next morn
ing. We have done our best, but does the
public feel it, believe It?"
"I didn't think you so particularly
minded. Most, of you folk pretend to a
more or less healthful Indifference to
press opinion."
"As eels might pretend an indifference
to skinning, or cats to cream, until their
turn came," Mr. Miller indulgently com
mented. "My man brings me the papers
the first thing on Tuesday morning. He
is a German, by the way, with a vocabu
lary of criticism limited to Just two
phrases —'very nice' and 'very bad.' If
I did Virginius to his taste he would say,
when I asked bis opinion, 'very nice'; so,
.too. cf his breakfast steak. But this
morning's criticisms inspired him to new
effort and he called out "great!" as he
cam© in with them. He is not always
wise," and Mr. Miller here loked quite
sorry for his valet. "He brings in the oc
casional unfriendly notice before break
fast, saying 'very bad' with a thick
skinned frankness that makes it really
hard for him for a little while afterward.
We— he and I— suffered somewhat on the
way down. In Sacramento and Stockton,
lor example, the notices were unexpect
edly severe. You remember that 'Tre
lavray' has no part of particular promi
nence, as has "Heartsease* or 'The Only
Way,' and the critics found themselves,
therefore, I think a little unreasonably,
disappointed in the production. Merely a
case of misunderstanding. And that is
possibly why the unanimous sympathy of
the San Francisco papers came so agree
ably."
Mr. Miller then expressed his amused
admiration of San Francisco's independ
ence In the matter of criticism. "A play
may have been the success of two or
three seasons in the East, but that will
by no means establish a criterion of its
history here. You like things or you don't,
because you lSke them and not because
the Eastern playgoer has said 'this Is
gcod." Of course you go wrong some
times, but it is possibly better to be
wrong in your own way than right in
some one else's. Let me tell you my
little day dream for your city — "
But this, like other day dreams have
been, was rudely interrupted by an in
sistent demar.d for the gay Lord Quex
from the stage. Then, for the actor, came
the sweat and stress of a thirty minutes
that would drive the average eight-hour
unionist to suicide. One of the scenes of
the play takes place In a manicure shop.
"Does one wear his hat in a manicure
parlor?" Questions some one. -
WHILE the South African war was on there was an anomaly in British politics, in a
'practical disappearance of the Liberal party, and the almost unopposed rule' of a
majority that does not represent the best sentiment of the nation, and of a Ministry
that does not represent the best sentiment of the majority. The Conservatives would
have been glad to. get rid of the Ministry, and the people would have been glad'to get rid of the
Conservatives, but with the Boer war on this was impossible. -
The King, if he. have any partisan sympathy, is with the Liberals. But leaving out any
fellowship of that kind and granting that, he is. a Conservative, he does not like the Ministry
which he inherited with his crown. Salisbury is far from being a royal" favorite, and Cham
berlain is in but little better grace. ( Still, as long as the war lasted, there was no prospect of a
change in the personnel of the Ministry more agreeable to the throne. While a "desire to be
crowned as the ruler of an empire at peace may have influenced the King in dictating liberal
terms to end the war, it may well be that practical considerations were more than a make-wei°-ht
to that purely sentimental, reason. • ' .
The Ministry and .its party have been held together by the war. The country was tired of !
it and of therrij but there was nothing to be done but go ahead doggedly until the end was
reached. That being done/somebody must ' be brought to account.. The British taxpayer has
grinned and borne it while a billion and a half was added to the national debt, and he looks for- -
ward upon the expenditure of two hundred and fifty millions more to carry the exiled Boers back"
to their; homes, as the .treaty requires, and to return the quarter of a million soldiers back to Eng
land. When he is done grinning and bearing it, and can speak his mind without "* incurring the'
denunciatory verse of Kipling or the imperial epigrams of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, then the
party that has been in power and the Ministry that represents-it will., hear 'some criticisms have
some questions to answer and probably a house of refuge to seek.
It will be held responsible for a prolonged war, in which the British, fighting' force out
numbered the entire population cf the Transvaal and Orange Free State,, <md for defeat after de
feat, though the armed and; fighting enemy was outnumbered ten to one in men and guns. The
Chamberlain family war contracts, and all the speculations, peculations, and sins of. omission
and of commission, incident to the war, will come forward to be thrashed out, and there will prob
ably be a change of parties in power before the books are balanced. Lord Rosebery seems to
have forecast matters more wisely .than any other Liberal leader. He supported the Ministry and
the war, avowing that He did so as a loyal Englishman, though opposed in principle to both. He
has won favor by this course and has the friendship' of all that wing of the. Conservative party
that has chafed under the blunders of Salisbury and the insolence of Mr. 'Chamberlain.
It has come to be the law of action of the Anglo-Saxon race that party differences are in
tolerable in war, but are to be sought and promoted when it is over. As England has had
no politics since the war began, we may expect that the people will make up for lost time.
BRITISH PEACE POLITICS.
"I must go and see," says Miller. "Do
you -know, D'Orsay?"
"Don't know, I'm sure," came Lawrence
D'Orsay's magnificent English - accent.
"You don't in a milliner's."
"What are you going to call me?" Mrs.
Whiffen asks. "Some of you say Lady
'O-bridge,' some 'Ow-bridge.' "
" 'Ow-bridge' it is spelled," Mr. Backus,
stage-manager-in-chief, suggests. .
" 'O-bridge' is prettier," Mr. Miller do
termines.
"Yes, much softer," Mrs. Whiffen
agrees.
"There is a place in England spelt Trow
bridge and pronounced Tro-bridge," con
tributes Mr. D'Orsay.
" 'O-bridge.' let it be then," decides Mr.
Miller. Then, acting each part in turn
and sometimes all together t suggesting
here, advising there, with "Don't you,
think this?" "This must go thus," and
so on, Mr. Backus ably seconding, the
act is pulled into shape, and it is safe to
say that there will be no saw edges when
it corner home.
"To return to your day dream," I sug
gested, as, tired but happy, the actor
made his way to the loge again.
"Ah, yes! Well, I dream of a theater
for San Francisco in which shall be given
from year's end to year's end the best
of the drama, new and old; a theater with
the best players, the best plays, the best
settings; a theater in which one shall
know' exactly the kind of , thing one is
going to get;Un short, a theater of settled
policy, and that of the noblest" OC1 - L ' OU
"This Is interesting," I said, "is such a
thing among the likelihoods?" remember
ing the ground newly broken at Market
and Ninth for the Bouvier Theater
"That is more than I can say," said the
actor. "Possibly, yes. And why not?
ban t rancisco is already very largely
self-dependent in the matter of entertain
ment. You have many successful houses
of known policy— the Tlvoli, Alcazar Or
pneum, for example, with their regular
clienteles and the higher class stock com-
R a ? y *L s < only one Etep fu rther. .You see
It is this way. One must know what one
is going to get. If I keep a restaurant and
fl V / « a % ood 6 lu ne L only on Thursdays
and Sundays, the Monday man is poin<*
1 » fl Ve r^ y p L ac:e a black e >' e ' in spite of
all the Thursday and Sunday fellows will
say. He is- not going to risk his sacred
stomach to my uncertain mercies. Quite
right, too. The same with the theaters."
"Now, Mr. Miller, to put It definitely,
Is there any chance that you and this con
stellation of stars that are foregathering
now with you here are going to lighten
our darkness with such a company in
such a theater?" «iupuny, m
?i," 1 £ ink . n °y smlled th e actor, "though
the idea is fascinating (with the leatht
wee, thuthplthion of a lithp!) in th e ex
treme. The work is simply colossal and
I doubt if I have the necessary C o U rtg»
to undertake it. Still, I always feel in
San Francisco like, throwing mountains
e«rciTe y s. S ° Ulder ud othe^ U ch gemk
"You see." he went on, "such an in<?H
tution would also accommodate the travl
eling star. There is ample territory for
the home company to exploit while the
visiting personage could be using th*
home boards and one could say: 'Her"'
Mrs. Fiske, Mr. Mansfield, here is a thin
ter and audience worthy bf you; fivers'
your best; we can enjoy and appreciate
it.' And every one from manager to the
box-officer should make the success of
the place his personal care. The man
who wanted a ticket should have no
pleasanter duty than choosing his se- t
with the courteous gentleman in the bole!
office to assist him. (in England his
name is very properly printed I on the
programme.) Those things all count
When I go to the theater I want it to to
a pleasure from the moment. I buy mv
o^he^oo^yiT." 1 a SatISfle<] ' »•««
"Here's success to It, with all mv
heart." I said. "May your dream com o
true, and that right speedily. But what
to come down to facts, are you goine to
let us have this. season?" soing.to
" 'The Gay Lord Quex' will follow 'Tre
lawny,' and I think you will like th/r
•The Wilderness/ Esmond's latest Is af^o
on the programme. -'The Twin sister^
among the possibilities, and then we are
gong to revive some old favorites Yo®
will- be amused when I mention 'The Lady
cf Lyofis* among them." *-*«y
"I duly, am."
"But." contested the actor, "there is
the Immortal element of. a good love storv
in the play. In spite of its going on stilts
and other ancient sins. We shlll do our
best to rank those out. of course sSt ail
femininity from 15 to 65 deliehtq intvii
Play, and indeed, when the violin, l £ t tl £
murmuring their soft song to " Clfude's
tale of ove — -" and Mr. Miller genfly
sawed his left arm with his silver-headed
cane, meanwhile looking his beguflinff
handsomest at an imaginary Pauline—
"it's really quite impressive " " uune
I foresee, alas, yet another fascinating
aanger ahead of the matinee girl maunfa
Lord Quex!" from the stage.
* AU rI f ht »-. Mr.-. Miller -shouted cheer-
V }& m a mome , nt later was imperson
ating Pinero's reformed roue, while I
wandered off praying for the new stock
company that the actor had plcture-1
BEFORE Dr. H. J. Stewart went
away to Boston, something like a
year ago. Dr. Chismore asked the
Trinity Church organist how much
he would be content to live upon—
fSOOO a year? Dr. Stewart replied that he
would be perfectly satisfied with that.'
"Then," Dr. Chismore saldi '.'you have
the annual $3000 that it Is worth to live in
California and all you make besides.
What is the matter with you?" Dr. Stew
art has now, returned from Boston and
tells Dr. Chismore that he i3 out for*. the
Cal'ifornian $5000 and anything else the
gods may provide, so long as they provide
it here.
There are many people who will be glad
cf the accomplished doctor's return, and
none more than himself. Liking Boston
and Its people very sincerely after his
year's stay at the "hub," he says he has
been too long a Californlan to live com
fortably anywhere else. The difference <
in atmosphere oppresses him, and his
hope of a broader field for his work failed
of realization. "Small as the opportuni
ties for organists are in San Francisco,
they are infinitely wider than they are in
Boston," says the doctor.. "The prevail
ing Puritanism has its .grip on the music
of the church, and the musical part of the
service is of the most meager character.
There are none of the sriiall musical
graces that brighten the service here, as
in the responses and so on, and as to or
gan recitals, they are simply not permit
ted. It is of course open to one to engage
Symphony Hall, with its magnificent in
strument, but that means $300, and organ
recitals in Boston, as elsewhere, are not
a paying proposition. I was much dis
appointed to find that I could do nothing
with recitals. The other organists with
whom I talked likewise deplored the t con
ditions, but confessed their inability to
change them. Why, in musical Boston no
one ever dreams of remaining to listen to
the closing voluntary. At Christmas 1
gave my 'Nativity' at Trinity Church, of
course with the consent of the authorities,
and packed the church from end to end.
But they were not at all sure.of the right
eousness of such things, though the suc
cess of the innovation was wholly unmis
takable. That kind of thing of course
comes queerly after California, and I am
too old a Californian to get used to It.
"Yes, there is more money to be made
there, but that, is by no means every
thing. In my own church the mu&ic bills
for the month reached JSOO, and you may
know that means that things wore done
quite handsomely. But 'there was no lee
way, no slightest opportunity for musical
embellishment, and— well— here I am.
The actual deciding straw, however, was
the determination of the trustees to have
a boy choir. That finished my Boston
career. I know the boy choir perhaps as
intimately as most organists, having had
about -16, years' experience of them In
England, and belonged to one myself be
fore that. The boy choir Is a successful
possibility only under European condi
tions," as where the choristers are mem
bers of the cathedral schools, with com
pulsory singing twice a day, and an ed
ucation that bends most of its energy to
making musicians of them. Here, no. My
predecessor at Trinity fully agreed with
me, and I am not envying the lot of Mr.
Goodrich, who is my successor.
/'Outside of the church, music is highly
regarded in Boston. One thing connected
with my visit I look back upon with
much pleasure: the fact that I found
some time for composing and that my
work received a quick and warm appre
ciation from the people there. The sym
phony concerts are an unmixed delight.
Twenty-four during the season ttiere are,
given in Symphony Hall before audiences
of between three and four thousand peo
ple, with every seat sold for the season
before the first concert is given. Tho
subscription is only $12 50 for the season
ticket— however with a premium for the
choice^of seats that may mean 530 or $13,
more or leas. My tickets cost me $22 50
each. Gericke, who conducts. Is an ex
cellent man,' less temperamental than
your Scheel, whom I, myself, regar.d, in
deed, as one of the greatest living con
ductors. We had plenty of Strauss—mag
nificent J— plenty, indeed, rather an over
plus of the German school altogether. I
hear, San Francisco had four weeks of
Mr. Grau, though, to Boston's two. Still,
we got 'La Tosca' and 'Manru,' that!
I understand, were not on the San Fran
cisco programme. The choral activity of
Boston Is very marked and of very fine
order. There are the Handel and
Haydn, Cecilia, Apollo, and any number of
THE attention of the country has been fixed on war ever since our little fight with Spain
tfegan. Young men in appreciable numbers have been '¦withdrawn 'from the practice of
the arts of peace to follow war far abroad. Indeed American fighting blood was tip to
'such an extent that our countrymen were found on both sides in the Soutli African war
and the Boers say they were the only allies they had that were of any assistance. To' supply the
.drain in the. Philippines and to man the navy, calis are. necessary," and recruits present them
selves as fast as they are needed. *
It is to be hoped, however, that the martial spirit of our, people will be satiated by ser
vice in the National Guard, and that the thirst for war will, not increase, until the people under
value the arts of peace. v ' . . V ,'• : X%v -
In three recent notable addresses President Roosevelt has properly extolled the army and
the navy. These addresses were at the Annapolis and West Point commencements and at Arling T
ton on Memorial day. The subjects upon which he must speak were of necessity military, and
the of our people in war, on land and sea,:cannot be too highly praised..
In his West Point speech he declared that the -graduates of that institution had ren
dered.greater service to. the country than any other, during its century of existence. If he
meant military service, as of course he did, his praise was well bestowed. In other respects the
progress of the country and the growth of the people in greatness must be ascribed to other
than military service. J . ; . ; ' . ! Mf^
When the civilian and the- military man come to be compared in regard to their impor
tance and vaiue to the country, the civilian seems to be more necessary than the soldier; peace
is the more permanent condition, and its arts the more necessary. The world has profited more
from the spinning machines, the cotton gin, the discovery and utilization of the expansive force
of steam, the. machines^ for sewing and for harvesting, and from the invention of/ the telegraph
and telephone, than from all the wars and, military exploits and acts of war known to men from
the beginning. What civilians'like Morse, Stephenson, Slater, Bessemer, Dale, Fulton, Howe,
Burbank, and the great company of inventors," naturalists and physicists, have done for man, to
clothe,«shelter and feed him better and at less cost, to extend and cheapen his means of com
munication, of transportation and travel, is at least equal in importance to the destruction of life
and properly by military art. . . .
In Washington city are the statues- and monuments of many American worthies,
but among them are the memorials of only two civilians, Benjamin Franklin and Albert Pike, and
neither was erected by the Government. In the Hall of Statuary,' in the Capitol, are memorials
contributed by the States, 'in which other professions and pursuits than the military are recog
nized, but the Government itself has celebrated almost entirely our military worthies, to whom'
let all honor be ascribed, but they have, not the monopoly of service to the country. If war were
the only proper and worthy calling of man, the world would yet be in barbarism. The art. de
fensive and offensive is only one of the causes of progress and means of service to the race. It
would itself die and disappear did not thwarts of peace feed it. These make states by the study of
civics and develop them by economics and skill and industry, and thereby create a prey which is
coveted by. war, and it rages to their destruction.
West Point and Annapolis are great schools, and our war days and anniversaries are high
dates in our national history, but these are not all nor the greater part of our national growth
and glory. That must be sought and found to be the work of men who know nothing of military
tactics, but are profoundly skilled in creative art.
Among the causes of the decay of Rome was the prominence given to the two professions,
war and law. ' Every Roman who wanted to be something sought to attain it in the army or
at the bar. The other professions and the economic arts were neglected. The. beginning of this
destructive policy is not noted in history. It simply became; the habit of the people and its growth
was sinister and furtive, but every word uttered in praise of war and military art contributed to it.
We do not desire the growth of such a; spirit; here. -Therefore it is time to present our
civilian worthies to the admiration of the people who are the beneficiaries of their genius and* toil.
"^¦the Arts of : pbaoe.
By Blanche Partington,
ORGANISTS' OPPORTUNITIES
ARE GREATER HERE THAN IN
BOSTON, DR. STEWART SAYS
22
JLDVEBTISEMENTS.
I \ &y \
I Makes Skins Lighter, Clearer. Purer
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
The clear, firm complexion of youth
f« ?£S 3Ce< i ba <*" by Anita Cream.
Applied at nisrht and removed In
tne morning, thus Imparting the full
benefits of it3 medicinal nature. Re-
moves- 4 Tan. Freckles, Muddlness.
Pfmples. Moth and Liver Spots.
Directions with each jar. 50c of
druggists or of us, prepaid.
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
Loa Angeles, Cal.LOS ANGELES. June 14.— Mrs. James H.
3oyer died to-day at the County Hospital from
the effects of burns received last night in a
gasoline stove explosion at her home on South
Main street.
WASHINGTON, June 1-t — Senator Bevertdga
to-day reported from the Committee on Terri
tories a bill giving Alaska a delegate in Con
gress. He also introduced a bill) providing for
a delegate from Indian Territory.
four cards, nor must he leave less than
four cards in the remainder of the pack."
SAN JOSE, June 14.— William Smith, a
pioneer resident of San Jose, died, at his
home here late yesterday afternoon. He
was 86 years of age and a native of South
Carolina. Mr. Smith- was a college mate
of the late General Wade Hampton. He
taught school in South Carolina for thirty
years, one of his students being the noted
Bishop Galloway of the Methodist Church
South. A widow and two grown children
survive him.
William Smith.
SANTA, ROSA, June 14.— William Hop
per, a well-known pioneer and brother of
Thomas Hopper, local capitalist, passed
away this morning in the Ukiah State
Hospital. He was a native of Lafayette
County, Missouri, and aged 77 years. He
came to California in 1849. ;
¦William Hopper.
SANTIAGO, Chile, June 14.— Charles F.
Hillman, an American engineer, died here'
to-day
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
A DIME OF 183&-C. E. H., City. A
dime of 1839 is not a premium .coin ac
cording to the lists at dealers.
ARITHMETIC— Pupil of Columbia
Grammar School, City. This department
does not answer questions in arithmetic.
EDWIN MARKHAM-N. H. G., Hollis
te, Cal. A sketch of the life of Edwin
Markham, the poet, was published in this
department April 15, 1902. .
HAIR— E. W. E., City. Any person
who prepares human hair can braid such
in the form of a ring so that the join
ing will be perfectly smooth.
'WATSONVILLE PAPERS— Subscriber,
Lyonsville, Cal. The weekly papers pub
lished in Watsonvillc are the Pajaronlan,
issued on Thursdays, and the Transcript,
Issued on Fridays.
TtEINSURANCE-E. J.- L... City. There
are several firms in this city that re
insure vessels, but this department can
not advertise such. Inquire at marine in
surance "companies. '
TO-MORROW— Subscriber, City. • "Will
be" expresses the future, , and "is" the
present, and as "to-morrow" is an event
of the future It ls not proper to say "To
morrow is Thursday."
FRONTAGE. A. P. K., City. If a build
ing has a frontage of 200 feet and a height
of 180 feet there cannot be "any difference
between the frontage of the first and the
tenth story if the' walls are plumb."
A PENSION— Subscriber, 'City. For in
formation : in regard to the securing of
pension apply to any pension agency and
there the mode of procedure will be ex
plained. Look in the directory for list
o£ pension agents.
. 'HORSE 'AND. MARE-L. C. M., Mont
pellier," Cal. Mare is. the female, of tEe
horse or of other species of the genus
eqiis. j If a person should give a bill of sale
for a' horse and it should turn out that the
THE DAY'S DEAD.
NEW YORK, June 14,— It was stated to
day at the general offices of the Western
Union that the new Pacific division of the
company's service will embrace the ter
ritory of the old fourth division and the
larger telegraphic centers in the State
of Washington, which formerly were in
the eighth division, with headquarters at
Minneapolis. The old fourth division com
prised the States of California, Nevada
and Oregon. I
Telegraph Company Division Changes
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— Miss Mamie Har
nett, aged 35, who resided at 1329 T street,
committed suicide this morning by swallowing
carbolic acid. She had been in Ill-health for
come time past. , •
tered a pumphouse where was located a
gasoline engine. He lighted a match in
close proximity to a large can of gaso
line and a terrific explosion followed. The
burning fluid completely enveloped him.
He ran seventy-live yards to a pool of
water and jumped in, extinguishing tho
flames, but he had been so badly burned
that he died a few hours later.
Motfher and Child Found Hanging.
MUSKOGEE, I. T., June 14.— Ama Dyer
and her 12-year-old daughter have been
found hanging from the ceiling of their
home at Okfugee, in the heart of the
Creek Nation, dead. It is believed from
information 'furnished the marshal's of
fice here that Mrs. Dyer was killed by a
man whom she had known intimately
and that the daughter was killed to coyer
the first crime.
CUTTING FOR DEAL— Subscriber.
City. In cutting- for deal in the gamo of
cribbage Hoyle lays down this rule: "In
cutting: for the deal he who cut3 first
must not lift fewer than four cards; nor
must he leave a number so small that he
who cuts last cannot make a legal cut.
He who cuts last must not lift less than
animal was a mare, the bill would hold
good providing it could be shown that the
animal delivered was the one the pur
chaser intended to acquire.
No inquest will be held, as a doctor had
previously-treated Mr. Kell for heart dis
ease. The funeral will take place on Mon
day morning. .
1 In 1865 Mr. Kell Mary A. Ward,
who, with seven children, survives him.
Kell was a Democrat and prominent in
his party. From November, 1875, to March,
1S78, he served as a deputy roadmaster.
At the election in 1877 Jie was chosen
Supervisor of District No. 1 and was re
elected later. He was Under Sheriff un
der Sheriff B. F. Branham. for four years
and later held,the same office under Sher
iff G. Y. Bollinger. In 1898- he was elected
Coroner on the Good Government ticket
and he would have been renominated this
fall.
Martin Kell at that time was but six
years old. The Kell family settled at the
Murphy ranch near Mountain View. In
3847 the Kells moved to a place on the
Almaden road, two miles and a half west
of this city.
SAN JOSE, June 14.— Coroner Martin D.
Kell, a pioneer, and one of the best
known men of Santa Clara County, died
suddenly from heart disease at his resi
dence, 665 Prevost street, shortly before
5 o'clock this morning. He arose at his
customary hour, about 4:30, and began
dressing. While putting on his clothing
he complained to his wife of* feeling a
pain in the region of his heart.' This be
came more acute and Mr. Kell lay down
'on the bed. Dr: J. McMahon was called
by telephone and hurried to the Kell
home, but when he arrived Mr. Kell had
expired.*
Pew men in Santa Clara County were
better known than Martin Kell. Fifty
six years of his life had been spent here
and in all that time he had been prom
inently identified with the upbuilding cf.
San Jose and Santa Clara County.
Mr. Kell was born near Toronto. Can
ada, on April 5, 1840. When but a year
old his parents, Thomas and Margaret
Kell, removed to. Missouri. His mother
was the daughter of Martin Murphy Sr.,
the well-known California pioneer. The
Murphy family came to California in 1S44,
and glowing reports of California reach
ing the Kells in Missouri the latter on
May 11, 1846, started overland for Cali
fornia. They arrived in this State five
months later.
pires Suddenly in His San
Jose Home.
Coroner of Santa Clara County Ex-
HEART TROUBLE ENDS
MARTIN D. KELL'S LIFE
Powell is a well-preserved man of 80
years. In his younger days he was a well
known circus clown. » *
MARTINEZ, June 14.— The trial of Dr.
William Rider Powell for the killing of
Albert Crandall on February 12, near the
town of Clayton, has occupied the atten
tion of the Superior Court, Judge William
S. Wells presiding, for the past ten days.
At 4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
case was submitted to the jury. At 8:30
o'clock this morning the jurors came into
court with a verdict of acquittal.
The killing of Albert Crandall was the
sequel to a long-drawn-out quarrel over
land in the vicinity of Clayton. Dr. Pow
ell was for years at feud with several of
his neighbors. On the day of the tragedy
Crandall . and a man named Bendixon
drove up to where Powell was erecting
a fence around disputed property. Powell
warned them away, but Crandall got out
of his vehicle and started toward the old
man. Powell .took a revolver, from, a sack
tying near the fence and fired at Crandall,
killing him. The old man then mounted
a horse and came to Martinez, giving
himself up. In the trial just closed he
set up the plea of self-defens"e, declaring
that he had fired only after Crandall had
seized him and declared he would kill
him.
quitted by Twelve of His
Peers.
Aged Slayer of Albert Crandall Is Ac-
JURY FINDS BB. POWELL
NOT GUILTY OP MURDER
Firmin, as well as Seneque Pierre;
whose name has also been mentioned, are
making all efforts to obtain the nomina
tion. Boisond Canal having declared that
he will retire as soon as a permanent
President is.tfhosen.
In the meantime, former President Boi
sond Canal had been chosen as provi
sional President of Hayti pending the
national election to be held on June 26,
and he is at present administering the
affairs of the country.
Firmin's popularity proved to be effer
vescent, however, and soon after- Fou
chard reached Port au Prince, General
Alexis declared that he and his army
would accept only Fouchard as President.
The general feeling in the republic was
in accord with that of General Alexis and
his 4000 men and it is now believed Fou
chard's election is assured.
Firmin and his army marched to Port
au Prince from the northern part of the
republic at the time President Sam was
awaiting the French steamer to take him
away from . Hayti. Fouchard was at
Kingston, Jamaica, from which place he
with several other distinguished Haytians
who had been exiled by President Sam
through fear of their influence and power
sailed on May 15 by special steamer, and
with a large number of Fouchard's fol
lowers landed at Port au Prince on May
What at first promised to be a most
bloody and serious revolution following
the enforced departure of President Simon
Sam from Port au Prince for France
early in May. has resolved itself into a
complete state of peace. The army, num
bering 4000 men, of which General Nord
Alexis had been in command, and which
it was supposed had been strong in sup
port of the. candidacy of Antenor Fir
min for President, has transferred its al
legiance from Firmin to Calisthenes Fou
chard, former Minister of Finance, and at
one time Hay tian Minister to France.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Interesting
news concerning the political situation in
Hayti was received, by the steamer Prins
Mauritz which arrived here from Port au
Prince Thursday night.'
Scecial Dispatch to The Call.
The appearance of the disease in Ma
nila in March Is 1 attributed in some quar
ters to vegetables coming into the islands
from infected Chinese ports, and in others
to the drinking of Pasig P.iver water, foul
with the sewage of the city. Lieuten
ant Colonel Heinzman says that the num
ber of different points attacked by the
epidemic and the consequent infection of
many streams which are universally used
for drinking and bathing, and into which
all foul material and garbage find their
way, makes probable a large number of
deaths before the rains, which ended the
two great epidemics in the 80' s, occur.
The army, he says, is much better pro
tected than the native or than civil
Americans in the island, because of the
care which is .exercised in supplying good
food and water.
In Manila alone a total of 277 cases
with 215 deaths had occurred up to April
15, the date of the report, with 453 cases
and S08 deaths outside the city.
The House Committee on Insular Af
fairs to-day arranged the details of the
coming debate in the Philippine civil
government bill. General debate is to
continue from next Wednesday until the
following ' Monday, and thereafter on
Tuesday and Thursday the measure is to
be open for amendment under the flve
minute rule, with a final vote at 5 p. m.
on Thursday. The day sessions are to
begin at 11 a. m. and night sessions last
ing until 10:30 o'clock are to be held for
debate only. Ample opportunity is to be
•given for amendments, substitutes, etc.,
although It is practically certain the bill
will pass as reported to the House.
The committee voted to substitute the
House for the Senate measure, and a mo
tion by Patterson of Tennessee to substi
tute the Democratic measure providing
for Philippine independence after a four
vears' preparatory period was voted
down. The Philippine debate will be sus
pended on Wednesday, June 25, in order
to permit the deficiency appropriation bill
to come up.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— An alarming
situation with regard to the epidemic of
cholera in the Philippines Is set out in a
report received by Surgeon General For
wood from Lieutenant Colonel Heinzinan,
at present In charge of the medical de
partment of the army in the islands.
Danger of a Revolution in
the Republic Is Now
Over,
Army Well Protected, but
Natives Are in Great
Danger.
Former Minister of Fi
nance Will Be the
President^ ]
Begins to Cause
Alarm.
Situation in Philippines
FOUCHARD WINS
HAYTIAN FAVOR
CHOLERA MAKES
RAPID ADVANCE
MARYS VILLE, June 14.— Alexander
Smith, -a young man residing near Yuba
City, met with a frightful accident last
night which cost him his life. Smith en-
Burning Oil Envelops Him.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.— Many per
sons exiled or banished from the rural
districts in 1301 are being allowed to re
turn to their homes. Von Plehwe, the
Minister of the Interior, is encouraging
petitions from such people for permission
to go back to their former residences.
Among those who have returned ls Pro
fessor Loshoft, the celebrated education
alist, who became mixed up in the disor
ders at Saratoff and whose punishment
included a whipping..
Russian Exiles Are Returning.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Th executive
committee of the intercollegiate Associa
tion of Amateur Athletes of America, af
ter a stormy session adjourned to-night
without having decided Yale's protest
against W. A. Schink, Harvard's crack
sprinter, on the ground that he had not
been in Harvard a full calendar year af
ter participating in a series of open
games. The vote was a deadlock— 2 to 2.
It is understood Princeton and Yale vot
ed for the disqualification of the Harvard
sprinter, while Pennsylvania and Harvard
voted together.
Athletic Officials Disagree.
Delegates representing labor organi
zations and the Farmers' Alliance from
all parts of California will assemble at
Odd Fellows' Hall in San Francisco on
Tuesday, when the result of the inquiries
which have been made throughout the
State will become known.
Several conferences have been held in
this city during the past few days, be
4.ween local heads of labor unions and sev
eral delegates who came from San Fran
cisco for that purpose. What transpired
at these conferences has not been made
public, but it was given out to-night that
If it were decided to place a labor ticket
in the Geld Loa Angeles would be given
two nominees— Lieutenant Governor and
one Justice of the Supreme Court.
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— The leaders of
the labor organizations in the larger citiea
of the State have begun a quiet investiga
tion into the feasibility of placing before
the people at the November election a
straight labor ticket and enlisting for its
support the votes of all members of the
various unions. This inquiry has been
conducted quietly. It being desired first
to decide what shall be done and then an
nounce that intention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Francisco Leaders
Laying" Political
Wires.
STATE UNION
LABOR TICKET
THE SAN FRANCISGO , CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE .15, 1902.
23
_^;g; MISCELLANEOUS.
' ' :v; "" ¦ ¦ ' ¦ " : ' : ¦ ¦ ¦ s
Two carloads of Brass and Enameled Beds, intended for our OAKLAND BRANCH, have just been 6
unloaded and stored in our large warehouse on Sixteenth and Harrison streets. There are about <*
twenty-five different patterns in all and all of them are of the newest designs and colorings. We |
won't attempt to do justice to the vnlue and bsauty of these beds. Enough to give you notice that |
(there are over 200 of them, and when the lot is so!d that ends your opportunity. Every bed of this c
ot Fs worth cne-half more than we ask. Below we quote you some of the prices : f
__^. $4.50 '¦'¦¦9 ' :^p^-S $8.50 I
n^ \B /^\ Massive Iron Bed, • ex- C r=&=5=s& fc=a= p»=a Handsome MT ,e t a 1 q
\\C%4Qk&' i^^lliN v UTm b Be l e^onfh^: j
U-K-«^«&^-^- triple - enamel , M LMf^M © brass knobs. f
5^ in all colors- ¦ ' J0L Mfilrr^-- 5 top rods and 1
U patent castors; IJ&gTT A. II iffl'JIO o r n a m ents. e
f^-'.-'-'^s^^AV-'^^v . r . n /gt^g^^Vf J5v--<y^ utA^nia -tft-J? We have a lot C
T^WMMm f\ «^h scrolls, P^f|^niff = ™ oi HO of this i
.rriss^OSpQ^/ loundedto MIS! #«S JSSSpiH . particular |
i^/Rga^P^ 1 se..for S 7.00, bMl : gfS. <* |
V' Sale Price " |^ T 5 N R.guar S.O.OO «
$4.50, liaAxttTyj 1 Sale Price s
—1 _ "I^^^^^I $8.50 §
JF^ j^Tl. <tC Ka — — ; : e
wAOI fk Iron Bed exactly like _ ===5^^X ==== _ $9.00' %
I f , cut; height of head. 67 X UJXgb J& A Comljination offer. J
¦ lA^J^i )?>*» • ' u -n V *' |\\ 'Jy^\ J ust twenty-four of |
2 TTT^^rw It % beautiful chills \\ /^^^ —^\ B e d s t eads €
{ on liead and t^^^^^l^^^^^^m & with cotton- |
>»sx V^J ] **^J \ j quality^ enamel J ESl^^^MS^^^^ ' bedsprin^s to d
llK i PiAlW^JOOiS^. (any color). HS~ || 1^ \ fit eith^ r 3-4 i
(m^*,j ' I \r^ y • Tte cliills are '.^H\ t p^\inr^»ffO^ > i s >/ or 4 * 4 slze * 1
*¦ w^ T ~* r *S"2x7~ ~V W^~ «T*J F"5 i i decorated in Vf V«^ | <^r^ ¦ ; * • m
>MI U LL|j_i^^l-L Ls i* \ a11 the latest 1 '' c^? i!^7 t T^^: jt :'^^^ f ' i Sale Price *
\% $10.00 V$ A, ft^tfWiWmHhMM $9.00 €
jif^^l $ "^ 0 y" :-¦¦¦ P $5.0(T j
') *-h-2S£— -/f%L ' beautifully proportioned. 3 C v^ Q - 0 -M ri-U-il-i: .Another Popular
lt has heavy pillars, i I ]jT( T ff | Pattern of Iron Bed C
((/rt^Sp^ I^^^^N ! YhicU are CO °" i 'I ; is the on e P ic " I
i V/53£=toN=M\W UM^^nSN tinuous over ,«J -». A j u 3
'¦.WV^^MJJU head and foot, i b ! - I Q tured above. J
X^ !^, ¥m^ / thus adding to 'l ' W . ' ¦ % It has heavy «
i¥:RrM^H^f( ; the beauty and JJiJ^^J^yL^Ja -Posts and J
IP JilPliBl^f ' JSfThe^hiuJ fepSPfPppri brass tips and <
l d^^^^\ ' andother'dec- I b ™-* *° d * \
W^'WvSKMrwtiQrttS /h orations are \— V "T_J 1 — X ! | and nobs. ?
&i *l >\ \\U III # \ a^ new an d vl\ A\ *> C* *± t »Tj * (U^IL I We have a I
mh^wmlmhd ori * inal - Itis SIN ffA n Q1 p K PNi i otO f 50 4 - 4 5
\^^^^^M ' B n uTte a rn h y jl^l W^ » H^ size and IS 3-4 |
M&£M&8lzMiJE& pattern. We Af¥j M^ &i \ \ size - *
.mm -- ¦ - ¦ -u have a lot of fiO^refirT^^ Regular J
« . t w e n t y 4-4 \Jwg&ttfe--f&f&f^% ?|j price of this J
size and ten .^-4 size beds of this pattern, all intended « !w -^^ is 87.5O. <
for our Oakland branch. Your choice and color . S ...
$11.50 We wi I sill this lot for $5,OO (
Mattresses and Springs. j
Two carloads of finest wire mattresses, made of best hardwood sides and double woven topsi
will be dosed out at the following prices : \
$5i.oo Wire Mattress $4.00 $18.00 Best Silver Gray. Hair Mattress $14.50 {
!£$£ SSS •.•.•.:::::::::::::::::::::::l;: < 92 »«- p jffip ?i=.«o j
$25.00 Hair Mattress '. $20.00 $10.00 Best Silk Floss Mattress $<.7*> J
$22. =0 Best White Hair Mattress $17.50 $5.00 Combination Cotton Mattress $3.75 j
NOTE. — All of these Mattresses we made in our own factory for the opening of our Oakland Branch, i
and are absolutely guaranteed.' <
13 A T W£\ 1 F" ' or * '® 1 ' 1 anc ' ss^ on s - <
oooocococcoooooee©©oa©®ooeoecoo®©3©o©©o9©O0©bG©©o©oo0©ooo©0o©o©o©©(
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
"HEAL THE SICK"
THE PERFECTED
OXYGENOR KING
Is not a medicine, not a faith cure, nor a
humbug, nor Is It a device , intended . to ' lure
money from sick and Buffering humanity. .
When applied to the body as directed »it cor-
rects all deviations from, the normal and
proves ever and always, an unfailing heaier—
man's best friend.
"How does It heal?" you ask. By making
operative nature's laws. through their scientific
and direct application. ¦¦ ¦¦ . . . , . ¦ ¦
I would not part with my Oxygenor for any
consideration if I could not pet another. :
(Rev.) H. JACOBSON,
05 Pine St., Cambrldgeport, Mas3.
Catalogue and terms free at our office; 214
Callaghan Building.
CALIFORNIA. .OXYGENOR CO.
¦¦'¦.- AGENTS WANTED.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. — 24 Post st.. San Francisco. CaL
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for 60-page catalogue (free).
College of Notre Dame,
BKH JOSE. CALIFORNIA, confers degree,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State Uoivereity; intermediate and primary
classes for young children.- Studies resumed
August S. 3902.
<2 H T APR Expert Accountant,
«2 • !!• * r\lvlv guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping la S weeks than any
college can give in 8 months. Mall course $5,
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the moEt responsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building, San Francisco.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
' A!ND VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1849 Jackson et., cor. Gough, S. F. Boarding
(W.4 day school for girln. Accredited by* the
l'*<5 f !;S colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
11, 3'jC^. SARAH D. HAMLIX, Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL, ' FOR
vouns ladies and little girls. 2120 California
et will reopen August 4. 1001. Accredited to
th.' T.'niversltlos. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
AwDEBSON ACADEMY,
Irvinjrton. California. A high gTade military
school for a limited number of boys of good
character. Next term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER AKDERSOX.
SfiTOCkl]UTAlY ACADEMY,
SAN PA? AIL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WIL'. HEGIN AUGUST IS.
CALIFORNIA EUSINESS COLLEGE,.
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; position! for graduates.
ll'u^tiated catalogue. 305 Larkin et.
K. L. DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter et. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
f«-Eional life known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for sir.nouncement . and
dny i>articular^
BUSS ET"BABREm. 6 JB8B3ffiff
£C2 MonttomeD' et., San Francisco, Cal.
SliOXfXHANIJ TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally; "best teacher, best system."
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Ave.,
Opena Monday. Ang. 4. For Information or cata-
logue addres* the principals. LYOX & RCUKR.
"_ _ ¦ , ADVEBTISEMENT8. ¦
We desire that none shall be left out, but that
all shall have an opportunity to come in before the
offer closes. T^he first announcement of
OUR UNPARALLELED OFFER
Was made a few months ago, and it was our intention to con-
tinue this special off en' only a few weeks, but the demand was
so enormous that the sale has been kept open beyond antici-
pation. We now give fair warning that our LESS THAIS HALF
PRICE SALE will soon end. To those who have deferred or-
dering this is a reminder that you have „ ».
ONLY A FEW DAYS LLTT. .' ' [jSM
It is your last opportunity to own The En-
cyclopedia Britannica on so favorable jf^^ii^yffO ,', #
Do not put off a good thing- Send at once -J&T"^ V~J^jr\r/f//
for sample pages and full particulars jj[^L^^^S\W^^/
BEFORE IT iS TOO LATE. .jl^glL .
Now is the time to make sure of this < WW^ *
indispensable set of books. If you ', - A'ffi/f Brtn««»
througa The Call Bureau at £tS§$M^^^&'\J W Ent!re sl
I FSS thaw lf Ium ; Set oi
HALF r^^^^^Z^y/iyi'if 20th Centnry
price. ¦¦-JSmr^^tmy \ lm^ .
M .. - -^gr~ jk /fWtW" fw ancs at the rate °- onIy
m, W fffl 25 Voln^I! Edinburgh Edition.
ip|||p MJSSi76 IS^^y w Jj I 3,300 articles 'written and
tS^£a VOlllineS. S^^^rSi^V*^. « M sisr.ed by specialists, or
idSsSj TOpjrtt. W&m*W&Yjf)/8a/fM Fill out ,» ore 14 - P tr volume.
»|SSS( WBlgllt *SS5$ mglfflsj Wl ¦¦ ' 2 •• ™&& Pares compiled by special
p»§3?> OTer l<3JiS^W:W B *¥ and mail contributors, forming
: fS^^ 2QQ Lf|3 ' J ' this coupon four-fifths cf the entire
'¦^^^^¥9V^^^ §Wi/I io - day for par ~ SCS f^I-pagre engraved plates.
tq^SefSffMs^?^^: r&l //& ticulars about containing over 900 sepa-
»fifl'5rifiB?y&I*Kp|jl iWiR ?®r//jv nlI . «..„» n?fe- ra 'e illustrations.
673 tT P '-- a co!o?ed nSl inClUd "
***^.***«***»'»".^**^iiMta. HMa^ taMM^ atta^jp^^ Nearly l w ,000 illustr&*
, . tions, exclusive of mapa
TnTVlflf Tn Q a and plans.
II lid I lb 6-15-02. Special Features of the Fire
_ ' 2 Tlift AflieriC/lll Volumes American Additions.
CIaJ/1 A<>Ti. 1Ue AlUCllWttll 1. An extension of the original
\A III III II nJa-nTo«io«n«* articles on the arts and sciences
IJU.1U Ul 11. INeWSpaper the present day.
/ J 2. Introduction of new topics
.,, ... , , ACCftri/Minti either arising from the difteren-
"/ Will defy any AaauWiailUJl, tlation of new departments of
... j n k nu onnn Parrott Bldg., 825 Mar- sciences (as Ecology, Sense Or-
One 10 OUy aUUU k et s t#f s an Francisco. sans, etc.), or from discovery
VOfumeS that will Please send me. free of f^ 1^" 0 ,? S
, . , charge, sample pages and S"f* ATSoa ' «oentgea Kays.
give him as good a full V°£™™ ot your En- «%>- mognjMeii i enlargement to
Working library as c y cl °P eala oner - include eminent living persons
r • i , • ¦ ,i and the hundreds who have re-
IS furnished in the cently won distinction.
F N P YP I OP/FDIA 4 - A particular survey of
Call I U LUr/CUIA American interests In their va-
BRITANNICA Name- rlous phases.
0 n l I » It It I C/ H 5A p resentat i on of technical
alone. --Ex-PreSI- ' subjects in a form comprehen-
, _ . , . i» , sible to ordinary readers, as la
dent U Wight. Yale "hlliif* * the treatment of Electricity,
//_ • _. lV 5 Morphology, etc.
University. . . 6. Copious Illustrations, over
— 15C0 la number.
"If all other books "Town:""" Tlft &t%ta Systsmtitr lizmg
wa i* a tfacfnnuarl subdivides the whole work Into
WO re Uesiroyea, _ departments in accordance with
the Bible excepted the ™^\™*«to** &-}
the WOrld WOUld ent courses of reading) and
lose but little of its 5StVSL,STo t r 1 SSt\o u i 0 SS:
/ n fn n mn-fi'nn " ' State. about your business or profes-
1 II I U r maiiun. — .... ritofaiT sion - Furthermore. It makes
Snunnpnn J- WALiU DUKCilU. systematic reading along any
v/jui yovu. r Q O line practical.
r Furnj.ture^J
I The "Handy" Couch I
I Its a well-made full-spring mattress on legs j
I and castors. A cover changes it from a comfort- jj
I able bed to a couch, fit for any time (t> j
I or place. Light, strong, durable H^ < S»S^' \\
I WMTlEje^^ • A st V lisK Turnout! jj
' J^^^W'il®^^^ Handsomely designed Go-Cart. Heavy T|
| /T^^^B^ Q Wovcn Cane - Rubber. Tires. Patent |j
; JrS MWtirir SfJf^PI^Pff^ir Brake. Elastic Springs. Parasol Holder; l\
j Only $3.00. |
1\r?^^^^^^^^^ Take the Baby out into the Sunshine and j
NMlu^^^2^^^fcl| Fresh air - Other Go-Carts from $25.00 »|
ttfilr^ VUVW down to $2.co for a good, roomy one «
// J^ou go fo the Country fake one of those
Folding Camp Chairs that adjusts for read- fcj
ing, resting or napping. Can checK. yp- rtc ' II
tvith baggage. &ou tvant one at 10 vl\ |.J
Home for Vordh and Latvn j)
"Tho Credit Ho\is©." Six Stories Hltfh. H
233 -5-7 Post Street. Phone Private Ex ' 57 ' J
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
aIappygreetsng.
Wi^WVV r *-' l iW-9,i!*l±!£ What is more
Pleasing to the eye
¦&%^#&&SNffl*ffliM!$N ot man than a beau-
' ut 1} wom an. "Beau-
1^"' ' " ' ' H - That ls very t ru9 »
ii^*li^^^^^^ charm about the
woman whose eyes
ijlia^ ?^^^^lPiiili a Blow with the hue
perfect health, can
*"*" Have you stopped
to consider the difference in your home since
you have had that heavy bearing down pain
and that frightful. backache? Do you greet your
husband with that bright, happy smile, • the
gay, light words, which every loving husband
likes to see and hear from the woman who has
consented to share his home? .
It is very likely that you are cross and irri-
table and if he is five minutes late you meet
him with a frown.
Your back aches, your head aches; you don't
feel like talking. The result of which is" an un.
happy home.
If you are suffering from leucorrhea, pains in
the ovaries or misplacement of the uterus, and
have grown discouraged because the various
Barsaparillas or remedies which you have tried
have failed to benefit you, use Kemp's Supposi-
tories, a local treatment which contains no
opiates, but is mild, soothing and healing- and
has cured thousands of women.
It has been sold under a full guarantee for
the r>ast twelve years.
"K. S. C. Medical Co.— Dear Sirs: For years
I have doctored for female complaints in their
worst forms, all to no avail. Kemp's Supposi-
tories were finally recommended to me. In de-
spair I used them and am now permanently
cured. I gratefully recommend them to all
women who suffer from deranged generative or.
sans. MISS J. SHAW.
"100 Chase st., Oakland."
$1000 offered to any person who can prove
that the above testimonial is not g-enuine.
. 30 Kemp's Suppositories, $2. If your drug-
gist does not sell them, call at office, or we
will send them postpaid on receipt of price.
Kemp's Suppositories are put up only by tha
K.S.C. Medical Co., 1236 Market, Cor. Jones
Hours, 9 to 5 and C to 7:30 p. m. ; Sundays
II a. m. to 1 P. m.
H^-^ REMOVED H
lljTttE AiAlftOF TOiO|I
ifsSar that hides the beauty of WkJi
fESr many faces. The com- fsiirj]
Vg •¦-" plexion changes, resulting KlEfl
u ' • from exposure, improper cos- lia
• S metics • and ¦ age, etc., are n!H
ft quickly removed. The lm- B|
II movement is rapid. ! THERE la
ff IS PURITY in the • very w
[¦.„. touch of Creme de Lis. It m
; a imparts the health-glow of ." '¦ fi
B ' : youth. ¦.- Removes tan and y
H sunburn quickly. 50c a bot- M
, 6\ "tie at drug stores, or diiect H
|JA from* us. I. Trial size, post- [1
IlL E^B. HARRINGTON & CO.. 'i
e\isSk. k° s Angeles, Cal. elElevators lift many a discouraged mor
tal up in the world.
The second entertainment of the Native
Sons' Literary and Social Committee will
be given In Native Sons' Hall oh the night
of the 25th inst. The programme will In
clude selections by Hynes* orchestra
modern magic by Wanek, the wizard'
soprano solo, Mrs. L. K. Hagenkamp
monologue, Lloyd Spencer; specialties'
Alma Wuthrich; bass solo, R. E. Keane :
and a comedietta in which William E*
Wallace and Miss Jean Baldwin will take
part. After the programme there will be
a dance.
Native Sons to Entertain.
Large Crowd Takes Advantage of
Fine Weather and Enjoys
Pleasant Outing.
The members of St. Francis Church,
under the leadership of Rev. Father Car
aher, held their regular annual picnic
and outing at Fairfax Park yes
terday. A large crowd took advan
tage of the beautiful weather and
thronged the popular picnic grounds all
day. Special trains • were run to the
grounds and the many merrymakers were
amply accommodated by the service.
The crowd began to arrive early in the
morning and lingered at the pretty resort
till the sun had set. Dancing was in order
at the pavilion all day and a fine pro
gramme of athletic games and races was
arranged by the committee. Valuable
game and gate prizes were distributed
among the fortunate ones and the affair
was voted one of the most enjoyable out
ings ever given under the auspices of the
church.
ST. TRANCIS CHURCH
HOLDS ANNUAL PICNIC
Members of St. Teresa's Parish Spend
a Pleasant Day in the
Country.
The annual picnic given yesterday by St.
Teresa's parish was held at Sunset Park.
About BOO people left the ferry at 7:45 a.
m. The day was a pleasant one and
passed without a mishap. The forenoon
was devoted to sports, while the after
noon was spent on the dance floor. The
picnickers arrived in San Francisco at
S:30 p. m. All enjoyed a very pleasant day.
The committees were as follows:
Floor — Frank Boland, floor manager; -G.' Sul
livan, assistant floor manager.
Arrangements — J. C. Ryan (chairman), Frank
J. Weiss (secretary). Rev. P. O'Connell J
Flanagan, D. Hardnedy, P. Mannion, J. King
ston. A. Sheehan, J. Twomey, P. Crowe G
Sullivan, II. Whelton, P. Flanagan, B. Harri
gan. P. Finnlgan. F. Boland, J. C. Daly.
Prizes — P. Flanagan (chairman), Frank J.
TVeiss (secretary), A. Sheehan, J. Flanagan, J.
Twomey. Mrs. Trahey, Mrs. J. C. Daly, Miss
Maggie Clarke. .-
Games— P. Crowe (chairman), ' Frank J.
¦Weiss (secretary). D. Hardnedy, B. Harrigan,
P. Mannion, P. Flnnigan. G. Sullivan, P. Flan
agan.
Printing and Music— Frank Boland (chair
man), J. C.Ryan, J. C. Daly, J. Kingston Rev
P. O'Connell.
Grounds — P. Flnnigan (chairman), J c
Ryan, J. C. Daly, G. Sullivan, P. Flanagan f'
Boland.
Press— P. Flanagan, Frank J "Weiss.
SUNSET PARK VISITED
' BY MEBEY PICNICKERS
Sarah Nelson has brought a suit for di
vorce against Louis Nelson, alleging fail
ure to provide. Mrs. Nelson alleges that
her husband, who is a carpenter on the
steamship City of Peking, has not pro
vided for her for a year.
Delia Reynolds, who was married to
Frank Reynolds at Ridgeway, N. Y., in
18S6, commenced an action for divorce
yesterday, alleging willful neglect and
failure to provide. She alleges that for
the last year her husband has not con
tributed toward the support of herself or
her 8-year-old daughter. •
John E. Morris, who was married to
Ella Morris at Petaluma in October. 1892,
filed a suit for divorce yesterday, alleging
desertion. He charges her with leaving
him in June, 1901. They have three chiU
dren, the custody of whom Morris asks
for.
Levy alleges further that his wife got
"sore" at him because he would not con
tribute to the support of her able-bodied
brother. She refused to cook his meals,
alleges Levy, and to show her contempt
for him tore up her marriage certificate
and threatened to sell her wedding ring.
On May 20, alleges Levy, his wife com
manded him to leave his happy home,
threatening that in the event he failed to
do so she would "cut his throat." She
said on this occasion, alleges Levy, "If
you don't go out or if you go to bed to
night in this place I will cut your throat.
You will never get out of that bed alive."
Levy alleges further that Mrs. Levy. has
ever since their marriage made it a prac
tice to throw hatchets, pieces of wood
and other handy missiles at him, thereby
causing his life to become a burden.
Mrs. Levy ha's done many other things
and said many unkind words, alleges her
"husband, that have caused him a great
deal of mental suffering. He alleges that
she commenced worrying him six months
after their marriage at Oakland, in Aug
ust, 1901, and kept it up until May 20 of
this year, when she attacked him with a
bottle and a razor and threatened to cut
his throat If he did not get out of the
house.
Such is the language used by Caroline
E. Levy, according to a divorce complaint
filed by Seamon Levy yesterday.
"I have no use for you! I despise you!
I hate you! I am sorry I ever married
you. There is only one man I love, and I
am sorry I did not marry him." :':A - : ,--":
He Sues for Divorce on the
Ground of Cruelty.
Other Suits.
Mrs. Levy Is Accused of
Throwing Hatchets
at Spouse.
TELLS HUSBAND
SHE HATES HIM
FRANK JAYNES TO HAVE
CHARGE OF NEW DIVISION
Western Union Telegraph Pro
motes Faithful : Employe; , to the Office . of
Superintendent oKFaoific;(Dbast Jurisdiction
LARGE INCOMES
FOR ROSENFELDS
Will of Deceased Mer
chant Provides Liber
ally for Children.
John Taylor Gives His Two
Daughters Equal Share/
of Estate.
John Rosenfeld, the capitalist, who died \
in New York May 28| 1902, has left his en
tire fortune, with the exception of $25,000
bequeathed to a brother and. his sister, to
,his sons 'and daughters. In his will, bear
ing date of October^, 1901, which was
filed yesterday, he provides that his es
tate shall be held in trust for eleven
years, at the end of which time it is to be
distributed to his six children, share and
share alike. In the meantime Louis and
Henry Rosenfeld, who are named as ex
ecutors of the will, are to pay the follow
ing sums monthly: Henrietta Rosener,
$300; Sarah Eppstein, $350; Lucy I. Weill,
$300, and Max Rosenfeld, $200. -\ * /
The decedent empowers the executors to
dispose of any realty owned by him and
Invest the proceeds in the firm cf John
Rosenfeld's Sons..r< ;
The will of John Taylor,_ the .well-known
merchant, was filed for probate yester
day. He leaves $5000 to his brother, Hen
ry R. Taylor, and $13,000 to his daughter,
Augusta M. Taylor, the last named being,
with another daughter, Mrs. L. Curran
Clark, named as residuary legatee.
The bequest of $13,000 to Miss Taylor,
the testator announces, Is made to equal
ize the division of property, Mrs. ClarK
already' having received from ner father
the family residence in San Mateo County
and loans amounting to $7000.
MANY ATTEND FTJNERAIj
OF * LATE HENRY CANNON
to Rest in Mount Olivet
Cemetery. "
Heaviest Man in the. "World Is Laid
- The remains of . Henry, Maurice Cannon
were laid in their last resting place in
Mount Olivet - Cemetery yesterday, the
funeral ceremony being under the aus
pices of the California Schuetzen Verela,
an organization of which the deceased
had been an ardent member.
The services were held in the under
taking "rooms of Suhr & Co. and were
conducted by the Rev. Mr. Julius Fuen
deling, pastor of- St. Markus German
Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Cannon had the reputation of being the
largest man in the world and -when it
came to arrange for his funeral it was
seen at once that not only would the
casket have to be of proportions larger
than had ever been before called for,
but the hearse also would have to be the
largest in the city. One ordinary burial
lot proving inadequate it was necessary
to take in two plots for the grave.
There were ten pall bearers and an im
mense crowd was at the undertaker's
establishment to join in respectful tribute
to the deceased, who had made many
friends during his residence in the city.
DEAF MUTES MEET FOR
THEIR OWN" ADVANCEMENT
Seventy-Five of the Afflicted Spend
Pleasant Evening in Mission
Opera Hall.
The Installation meeting of the San
Francisco Social Club^pf Deaf Mutes was
held iii fiisslon Opera. Hall last evening.
Mere :than seventy-five of the afflicted
attended the social.- They conversed with
their -hands while promenading around
the Jhall- and had a pleasant time.
Speeches were made in the sign language
arid the members and guests showed their
appreciation by smiles of approval. Fif
teen members were installed and the club
row numbers twenty-five. It was organ
ized to promote social, fraternal and in
tellectual interest among the members.
The charter members of the organiza
tion are: G. F. Bucking, J. H. Geary, F.
W. Hickman,- E. W. Lohmeyer, Isidore
Selig. Kossuth Sellg, F. G. Strobel, J. P.
O'Rourke, Sigmund Home, J. H. Con
nelly, J. Mack, F. B. Shattuck and "W. H.
Tripp. .. ; ' -
To-Day's Music at the Park.
The following 'programme will be ren
de.red by the band at Golden Gate Park
this afternoon:
"Star-Spangled Banner" ¦
March, "American Republic" ...... .... .Thlers
Overture on American national airs Catlln
Waltz, "On the Beautiful Rhine" Keler Bela
Selection, "Fiddle Dee Dee"...' .Stromberg
"Reminiscences of Rossini".. Arr'd by Godfrey
Overture, "Berlin In Tears and Smiles"...
"... ConradI
Patriotic song, "The Sword of Bunker Hill"
• Colvert
(a) Intermezzo from "Cavallerla Rusti
cana" Mascagni
(b) "Toreadore et Andalouse aus Bal Cos
tume" Rubensteln
"Yankee Patrol .•• .MIssud
Paraphrase, "Travlata" '. Verdi
' 'Hail Columbia'.' ' -
WILL : BUILD RAILROADS.— The Oregon
and Pacific Railroad Construction Company was
incorporated yesterday with a capital stock of
$10,000. The directors are j John Barth, B. V.
Thomas, T. W. M. Draper, J. O'B. Gunn and
M. S. Wilson.
24
THE .S^FRMCISCp.:€ALL,:;SUNDAY,- JUNE '15, 1902/
Steamer Nelson Libels Coaster Na
varro for Saving Her • From
Being Shipwrecked.
The Charles Nelson Company, repre
senting the coast steamer Charles- Nelson,
filed a libel yesterday in the United States
District Court against the steamer; Na
varro and her cargo of 282,000 feet of lum-
FIFTEEN THOTJSANT> ASKED
FOB SALVAGE SERVICE
Several times during the last three years,
alleges Mrs. Clark, she has been abused' by
Clark without cause. On one occasion, it
is alleged, Clark struck and cursed hia
wife because she presented a bill for the
board of her children and herself at the
St. Nicholas to him for payment.-
Clark, his wife alleges, . enjoys an in
come of $1500 a month from his business,
which she estimates to be worth $150,000
She asks the court to order her husband
to pay Jier $250 a month while the suit is
pending and $1000 counsel fees. She asks
for the custody of their minor child.
,I he^ lk l were married in Stockton in
1S78. They have three children, two of
whom, William and G. H., are over 21
years of age. The youngest Is a girl, aged
He once struck her with a grip, she al
leges, and puller, her hair because she
asked him where he had been. '
According to Mrs. Clark's complaint
she left Stockton three years ago, taking
her daughter with her, and took up , her
residence here. .She alleges that after she
left her husband would make frequent
trips to the city and remain several days
before calling upon her. When he did
visit her, she alleges, he would apply vile
language to her, thereby causing her a
great deal of misery.. . . .^
After his return he remained out late at night
and refused to tell me what kept j him away
from home. He came In one morning at 1
o'clock and when I spoke to him about hia
remaining out lie struck me.
I asked my husband about the letter and ho
turned upon me and reviled and swore at me.
"A short time afterward he . asked . me to go
with him to Lake Tahoe, and I refused, because
my health would not permit of the trip. When
I told him 1 could not accompany him he
swore at me and struck me. He left Stockton
a . day or so afterward and went to Los An
geles, where he remained for three weeks.
Mrs. Clark says her troubles began
eight years ago, when she found the let
ter mentioned. In it the fair author of It
demanded money and revealed the exist
ence of intimate relations. Mrs.. Clark
continues in her complaint:
W. R. Clark, ex-Railroad .Commissioner,
former Mayor of Stockton and one of the
best known politicians and contractors In
the central part of the State, has been
made the defendant in a divorce suit.
Mrs. Mary C. Clark, the plaintiff, alleges
cruelty and also" intimates that her hus
band has been attentive to other women,
one of her reasons for this intimation be
ing that she found In one of the defend
ant's pockets a compromising letter from
a woman. The complaint was. filed in this
city yesterday, Mrs. Clark now being a
resident of San Francisco. y,:-
Wife of Ex-Railroad Com
missioner Asks for ;
Freedom.
in the . interests of the Western Union
Company.
ber to recover $15,000 for salvage. The
complaint alleges that on June 12, when
the steamer Charles Nelson was ten miles
oft Mendocino City on her way from Seat
tle to San Francisco she saw the Navarro
flying a signal of distress, and was in
formed that the Navarro was helpless,
having lost propeller.
The Nelson thereupon, after breaking
a hawser, , succeeded in taking the .Na
varro In tow and bringing her to San
Francisco. The value of the Nelson is
stated at $100,000 and that of her cargo
at $25,000; that of the Navarro at $35,000
and of her carso $7500."
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: John Hayes of Eureka, Hum
toldt County, laborer, liabilities $1196, no
assets; W. S. Griffith and E. T. Kelly,
comprising the firm of Griffith & Kelly of
Sonora, Tuolumne County, liabilities
$2724 13, assets $1280.
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH
COMPANY OFFFICIAL WHO
HAS BEEN PROMOTED. z0Srk
DIVORCE PAPERS
REVEAL DISCORD
Mr. Jaynes' numerous friends will be
pleased to learn of his merited promotion,
the direct result of years of faithful work
There will be two districts under the
control of Superintendent' Jaynes. The
first, covering all of the company's lines
south of the Oregon and Idaho Stato
lines, will be in charge of F. H. Lamb of
ban Francisco, whose headquarters •will
l>e in this city: the second, or northern
district, will come under the superintend
encv of T. W. Goulding, former superin
tendent at Vancouver, B. C, with head
quarters at Seattle.
Mr. Jaynes says that while the changes
¦will make some difference in the internal
methods of the company they will not
affect the public. The changes are to be
In effect July L
Superintendent Jaynes' jurisdiction will
extend over all of the Western Unioit
lines west of Albuquerque, El Paso, Og
den and Spokane.
The western division, which formerly
embraced all . of the territory west of
Pittsburg, has been subdivided into the
Western and Pacific Coast divisions. The
successor to Superintendent Clowry will
have his headquarters In Chicago, while
Mr. Jaynes' office will be in San Fran
cisco.
the company. With the promo
tion of R. C. Clowry, former general su
perintendent of the western' division, a
new one, known as the Pacific Coast di
vision, has been formed, and Frank
Jaynes, superintendent of the San Fran
cisco office, has been promoted to the
office of general superintendent of . this
division.
THE creation of a new division by
the Western Union « Telegraph
has brought about . several
changes in the management of
STATEMENT
— — OW THE ' *
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY,
ON THE 31ST DAT OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of -sections 610 and 611 of. the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ;t.
CAPITA!* --V
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash : $250,000 00
ASSETS. ¦ ~
Real Kstato owned by Company.. $435, 488 SO
lxians on Bonds and Mortgages... 123,000 0O
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 800,415 31
Cash in Comuany's Office 18,574 Ui
-Cash in Banks 154,724 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,501 53
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection, and due from other
Companies and agents 505,896 63
Total Assets $1.543.509 24
LIABILITIES.
Looea adjusted and unpaid 1:
Losses in process of Adjustment!
or in Suspense > $232,072 73
Losses resisted, including ex- [
penses • • • • • • • • • • $
Gross premiums on Fire Risks . .
running mere than ono year,
* . ; reinsurance cro rat a 178,083 SI
Gross premiums on Marine and >
Inland Navisation Risks.
» -; reinsurance 100
per cent > 168,842 28
Gross Dremiums on Marine Tim*
Risks. $ — : : reinsurance
60 Der cent $
Liability under other branches... 259.298 SO
401 other liabilities 3,983 23
Total Liabilities $362,304 43
INCOME. '
¦Net cash actually received for Fir«
$392.839 23
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine Dremiums 261,603 C3
Received for interest on Bonds and v "¦'¦
Mortgages 8. 000 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources... 20,138 97
Received from all other sources... 427,317 53
Total Income $1,106,899 45
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including 5 . losses of
previous years) $230,263 68
Net amount paid for Marine Loss- ¦•-.-?•.:
es (including $ . losses _
of previous years) 200,462 ..2
Dividends to Stockholders '50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 355,738 79
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .- v . 2.237 23
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174.191 53
Total Exsenditures S1.C62.S9O 54
Losses incurred durlns the year.. $367,112 4»
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during . the
year \ . . . $162,102,783 $1,783,130 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 49.337.4SS 336.603 65
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901 8.540.205 93,942 29
CARL THIEME. Prest.
P. SZELINSKI. Secy.
Subscribed and swern to before me this 23d
«ay of April, 1902.
4 EL-WOOD WILSON JR.,
Desuty U. S. Consul.
GUTTE sTfRANK,
' GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
San Franclieo. .
(Bk CHICHEsrrCR'8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
ft
DR. flALL'SREINVIGORATORf^SS
Stops all lossea in 2 4 hours. Five Srr*TiP i
hundred reward for any case wa Sal 8S)
cannot curd. This secret rem- ~J
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. lbs BS
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. 53*J RS
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- S3 i$
hood and all other wasting ef- S'4_ES
fects of self-abuse or excesses. fcSsHS^
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed
t» cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 }»
Market St.. S. F. Send for frea book.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
$750,000 00
STATEMENT
; ¦ -..\ . • = ¦ : •¦ ¦ ." :¦:<¦
OF THE — —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
Wilhelma of Magdeburg
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
' OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF PRUSSIA,
ON THE 31ST DAT OP DECEMBlA A. D.
1901, and (or the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner ot the
State of California, pursuant to the provlsiona
of sections 610 and 611 of. the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. ,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
._. . $750.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,131,882 65
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,243,206 23
I Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 45,474 00
Cash in Company's Office 18,039 33
Cash In Banks 2S2.U6S 10
, Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 521.310 39
Bills receivable, not Matured,
: taken for Fire and Marine Risks 9,616 14
i Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 1,047,996 50
Total Assets $13,305,695 24
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense *84,78S 00
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation - ' ' Risks,
$ ; reinsurance 100 percent 22,927 10
Gross premiums on Marine Time .,. u
Risks, $ : reinsurance 50
per cent ... ;•••••• • • 56,527 82
Liability under other Branches.. 11,896.945 36
All other liabilities'- 18,409 OS
Total Liabilities .$12,070,597 36
. INCOME. ===
Net cash actually! received for
Marine premiums) $478,595 08
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 415,966 86
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 59 971 65
Received from all other sources.. 2,405,441 62
Total Income ........."....... $3,359,075 21
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $— , losses
of previous years) $427,000 17
Dividends to Stockholders 132.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission f.jT"!
or Brokerage - 53 031 <> s
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 29 361 9S
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 4 qoq 47
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.668,870 69
Total Expenditures $2,321,084 57
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ............... $223,674,177 $538.672 90
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 225,023,808 554.S21 90
Net amount in force
December 31. 1001.. 6.647,578 79.454 92
~~~ TH. DAMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 20th
day of April. 1902.
MAX J. BAEHR. TJ. a Consul. *
GUTTE~&~FRANK f
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 California Street,
. San. Francisco.
m ..EYE GLASSES.. 1
11 Stay on the nose with- n
HI out wounding or chaf- Kj
B PRICES MODERATE II
W 64 2^71 arketStjQ
¦D13TTCTJT7C! for barbers, bak.
DRUDflJlO i"- bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paperl
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
ifEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS RE-
£« m ° deled and' renovated. KING, WARD &
£?'. 411 P'an- Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
| ..c. • .; /; ' — o I
i ml s^ ow our confidence H
1 Hf J ' n our ability • we have H
ft $vf «R^^| ' adopted the plan - M
I rS^w* a DoUap ; Until |
1 yA^^nS^ Cure Is Bf " I
I ly^W^H^ fected. I
H lV'/Hv/ // mean this/erhphati-'. } h
I Dr. Talcott & Go.,
H Specialists,
I Men Exclusively.
El /. - Many of the leading physicians and ' sur-
H ,geons throughout the United States are begin-
•H;V' •:'¦¦¦••<- • ning to agree with us In regard to so-called ».
fa weakness, namely, that, the- nerves play but a
m subsidiary role in the production of disorder*
ti : of men. It is very unusual to nnd any trouble ¦
|| in an otherwise strong man than a damaged
|3 , prostate or deep urethral inflammation, par-
§j | ticularly in those whose disorders originated in
R| too long continued and too of ten repeated • ex-
|| cltement, or the harmful influence exercised by: ..
H ;: an ill treated contracted disorder, and if ex-
* ¦ hausted-. nerve force seemed to be present, it
1 le only as a concomitant, or perhaps we may
say a complication of chronic prostatitls, and
• disappeared with, its cure. Still- further,
these facts are verified by purely local treat-
ment, for procedures directed toward repair-
ing the damaged gland are: always rewarded . >
by ; the most* brilliant cures.
Special Attention^ Given to Vari-
cocele. .: Contagious '. ' Diseases and • '
Acute and Chronic ..(Jrethral and
Prostatic; Inflammations* - .
: ' : :'/- ' Consultation free and no charge whatever '
for treatment of any case in which \ a cure is
not effected. Colored chart of the organs and
diagnosis blank sent free on application. -
1140 Market St., opposite Hale's.
IS V.- ¦,,.'•."¦¦¦• ¦' ¦: ;/¦¦,¦-" '"Zp i:
ATJVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FRE|¥lEN!"
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly. Restores Lost Vigor
A Free Trial Package Sent by' Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark*
bio remedy are being mailed to allVho
will write to the State Medical InstituS.
They cured bo many men who had ha f'
lied for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood thaT
the Institute has decided to distribute frp«
trial packages to all who write, it ~i« 1
home treatment and all men who anf
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts ca^
now cure themselves at home. n
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, efvin ¦ '<*
Etrength and development just where 1?
Is needed. It cures all the. ills and trou
bles that come from years of misuse Tit
the natural • functions end has been an
absolute success In all cases, a request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 eT»£
iron building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. silt
Ing that you desire ono of their free trial
packages, will be complied with proaint
ly. The Institute is desirous of reachlne
that great class of men who are un
able to leave home to be treated and
the free samples will enable them to sea
how easy it Is to' be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies ara
employed. The institute makes no re3tric- ;
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed In a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity
Readers are requested to write without
... •
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ,_._-,_-,_,- _;_,;.,- -- -
¦~' San Francisco. Sunday. 15 June, 1902.
i ¦' • * •"! ¦ ¦ *
* VJL kJJl CXiX. : y LCX IL/ JL v^ _ * -•¦
'Not an ordinary design by any means. Built of oak |
and we have it in two finishes— golden brown and "weath-
ered." Measures 29 inches high, 41 inches long and 2S |
inches wide, Contains two drawers and both ends are ;
. nicely carved. Price of either finish $27.50. Fifth floor.
Linoleum, 50 cents the square yard. A great line
of patterns to choose from. Second floor.
Still selling— not simply advertising, but SELLING
—"Roxbury" tapestry carpets at six bits the yard, sewed,
lined and laid on your floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
AD JeatTISELIENTS.
COPPER CURES
CONSUMPTION
New Treatment for Consumption En-
dorsed bj Member cf British. Tu-
berculosis Congress — "Antidotum
Tnberculosis" (the Copper Cure)
.Marvel of the Medical World—
Hope for All, No Matter Bow
Bad Off.
Benefits Congressman Bingley's
Son and Cures Others of Quick,
Galloping and Fast Consump-
tion in Their Own Home— Any
One Can Find Out About It Free
— Let Every Reader of the Call
Write the Company at Once.
O. K. BUCKHOCT,
Chairman Italamazoo Tuberculosis Remedy Co.
(Ltd.). and Member British Tuber-
culosis Congress.
Consumptives need not worry about their
future any more, as the long-looked-for cure
lor consumption has at last come out, and a
cure is now just as sure as in the simplest
disease. To satisfy yourself of this you have
only to write the Kalamazoo Tubercu-
losis Remedy Co., 231 Main street, Kala-
mazoo, Michigan, of which the- chair-
man is Mr. O. K. Euckhout, a noted
member of the British Tuberculosis Congress,
composed of world-famous men who have made
consumption a life study. This cure is some-
thing entirely- new and is called "Antidotum
Tuberculose," or the Copper Cure, and Is the
only discovery we know of that absolutely
kills all tuberculosis germs which cause con-
sumption, as unless this is done the disease
cannot be cured. As the name of the remedy j
tells, its chief ingredient is copper, which ',
metal has at last been found to be the deadly I
enemy of the consumption germ, "Antidotum j
Tuberculese" is the original Copper Cure. j
You can tell if you have consumption by the
coughing and hawking, by continually spitting,
especially in the morning, when you throw
yellow and black matter, by bleeding from the
lungs, night sweats, flat cheet, fever, weak
voice, peculiar flushed complexion, pain In
chest, wasting away of the flesh, etc. Find out
how the Copper Cure kills the germs, then
builds up the lungs, strengthens the heart,
puts flesh on the body and muscles on the
bones until the consumption is all gone and
you are egaln a strong, healthy, robust man
or woman.
Don't doubt this, for the very came discov-
ery benefited A- H. Dingley, a son of Congress-
man Dingley of Dingley Tariff Bill fame, who
went "West aad South for relief and didn't get
It, and came back with death etaring him In
the face, and was benefited by Antidotum
Tuberculose after all else had failed. It cured
John Devries cf ICaJamazoo of galloping con-
sumption; Adrian de Die, 1638 S. West street,
cf quick consumption; Paul de Smith cf Dal- ',
ton, Mich., and many cases which wasted away
to skeletons. ¦ •
So don't give up hope, and don't spend your
money in travel. Attend to it right away, for
consumption spreads to other members of the
family. Write to-night to the Kalamazoo
Tuberculosis Remedy Co., 231 Main street,
Kalamazoo, Mich., and they will eend • you
books free of charge telling you how the Cop-
per Cure will cure you In your own home in
a very short time.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally /to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte, f . v
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City, Et. Louis, Chicago, New York, Boston
and ell Eastern points. For full Information
address
L. M. FLETCHER,
Pacific Coast Agent.
126 California et.. Ban Francisco, CaL
A $ 20 Belt
Byfff" Yjf^^^ , - rfTT-Sf ame as others
"^V*C*" No ' drugs; no
M l r% humbug. It cures wlth-
out medicine. Not sold
/ «r by cxugglsts. No dis-
count*. Free by mall on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Ask for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Post st.. 6. F.. or «3 W.
Twenty-fourth Et.. New Tork.
remedy tor Gonorrhoea.
< vS'3 S?*'' Spermatorrhoea,
/*£SNr CUHtS >gj Whitee, nnnatnral dial
j5«£a» la 1 to 6 dtj*. ifl charges, or any inflaram*-
\f2ty Catiituti to ** tioa, irritation or nlcera-
\m <y frtratt cciiatioa. ticn of ducoui men-
K«TKeEvasS Ch£W:C*lC3. b^l™ '
MS\ c«8»iiim.o .rSsj So1 ™ ° y »»-arsrut«,
VSbUW tt a « or 8ent Jn Plsin wrapper,
* •~^sSh J, y n « xpre8S tP >r «p» i i for
C&arle^rfet.
I* fl
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
,. COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON. "
1. C WII SOW & C) W0 B*""* Street.
•»• W- XfllsJVn a Ij-, Telephone Mala 1364.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS feCft sbi PP^S Butchers, 10*
JAJ' DUIE2 (X WU Clay. TeL Main 12&4.
~~~~™~~ OILS. ~
LUEPJCATINO OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
*1S Front Bt.. & F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
EC BUfiflES. ensa^T^aF.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE EJCKS-JVW CO.,
23 First street. Eaa Francisco.Dame Fortune Is a fickle Jade that all
men try to woo and win.
Joseph King, the convict preacher. Har
ry Hamilton and Thomas .Barker, ap
peared ln Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
for arraignment on four charges of bur
glary each and Hamilton on two other
charges of robbery .and assault to mur
der. The Judge continued the cases for
a week when the defendants will be ar
raigned and the cases set for trial. Mrs.
Barker, the brlde»of a day.- was ln court
with her sister and was allowed the priv
ilege of conversing with her husband.
King and Others in Court.
Native Daughters Decide to Observe
Flag Day Once a Year
During October.
In view of the fact that the file could
not be cleared by the Grand Parlor of
the Native Daughters on Friday night,
the proposed trip to Mt. Tamalplas was
abandoned and yesterday was devoted
to business and discussion.
Hereafter there will be an observance of
flag day at the first meeting of each sub
ordinate parlor in October.
If was also decided that there should be
a children's day In each parlor once a
year and that a record be kept of the
birth of children to members.
Late ln the afternoon after the adop
tion of the report of the officers. Red
Bluff wa3 selected as the next place of
In the evening the friends of Miss
Keith, the new president, presented to
her a writing desk as a token of their
appreciation.
6. A. Menges, motorman on the car
which knocked RIegelhuth down, was ar
rested and charged with battery.
F. RIegelhuth, a machinist, living at 14
Julian avenue, while stepping off a west
bound Mission street car at Eighth street
yesterday was knocked down by a car go-
Ing east and sustained such injuries thac
it waa deemed necessary to take him to
the Emergency Hospital. Examination
there showed that RIegelhuth was In a
very serious condition, suffering from a
probable fracture of the skull. It Is not
believed that he will recover.
Injured by Passing Car.
WILL HOLD NEXT SESSION
IN THE CITY OF RED BLTJIT
A list of the newest books will be mailed
by Cooper & Co., 746 Market street. •
-The p'saltery referred to ln the Jewish
sacred writings is a kind of dulcimer
played either with the finger or a plec
trum.
A robber in Philadelphia trying to es
cape from a policeman ran through a
trolley. cai and set the passengers in a
panic. '
The Bee Hive Shoe Co. will give, its pa
trons a chance to wear patent leather
shoes, and will, therefore, Bell all of this
week $4 00, $5 00 and $B 00 patent leather
shoes for ladles and men for $2 15 a pair.
Everybody needs a patent leather shoe;
that fact makes this sale doubly welcome.
No need of going into the details of this
tine purchase. A maker's loss does not
interest anybody, but the thrifty man
won't skip this opportunity to get smart
shoes for little money. All are made of
the very best patent calf and kid; Good
year welt and hand sewed; the very latest
styles in single and double soles, low and
high. heels. Worth, none less than $4 00,
some as high as ?6 00, yet $215 will buy
a pair of them at the manufacturer's sale
of shoes, 717 Market street, near Third. •
The Grandest Opportunity.
Subjects of Discourses to Be Heard in
the Churches This
Sabbath.
Services will be hold in the churches
to-day as follows:
Rev. Father Forham will preach at the 10:30
o'clock mass ln St. Ignatius Church. Rev.
Father Calzia will preach in tne evening after
venpers. .
Y. M. C. A. — Afternoon — "The Young: Man's
Business Career," by Rev. F. M. Larktn of the
Grace M. E, Church. .
Grace M. E. Church — Evening — "Schools for
the Boys, or Boys for the Saloons." Pastor,
Rev. F. M. Larkln.
? California-Street M. E. Church — Rev. Dr.
Filbin will preach. Evening — Rev. F. K. Ba
ker will preach.
First M. E. Church — Morning — "Present
Duty and Future Destiny." Pastor, Rev. l-\
K. Baker.
Shattuck-Avenue M. E. Church — Morning —
"Ministering to Others' Good." Evening—
"Saving the Lost." Pastor, Rev. F. C. Gale.
Epworth M. E. Church — Morning — "An Is
raelite Indeed, or the Guileless Inquirer."
Pastor, Rev. F. A. Keast.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church — Morning —
"The Great Touchstone of Character." Even
ing — "Human Nature at the Cross." Pastor,
Rev. John Stephens. - ' .
First ¦ Congregational Church — Morning —
"Self-sacrlflce." by William Kirk Guthrie.
Evening — "The Natural and the Spiritual."
Pastor, Rev. Georgo C. Adams.
Howard-Street M. E. Church — Morning—
"The Divine Remedy for a Lost World."
Evening — "Is There Life From Death? If So,
What Is the Agency?" Pastor, John A. B.
Wilson.
First U. P. Church — Evening — "A Vital
Question." Pastor, Rev. II. A. Bell.
First Unitarian Church — Morning — "Some
Lessons From the Life of the Apostle Paul,"
by • Rev. George Stone.
Calvary ! Presbyterian cnurch — Morning —
"Christ and Religious Institutions." Evening
"The Christian's Relation to the Church."
'Associate ¦ pastor. Rev. George E. Eldredge.
Richmond Congregational Church — Morning —
Sermon by Rev. William W. F. Ferrier of Oak
land. Evening — Sermon by pastor. Rev. Phil
ip Coombe. •¦ . . ¦
Emanuel Evangelical Church — Morning — "The
Model Congregation. Evening — "Jonathan and
His Armor Bearer." Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First • A. - M. E ' Zlon Church — Evening—
Preaching by Mrs.' Addle L. .Ballon.
First English Lutheran — Morning — Sermon
by Rev. J. E. Hoick. Evening— Same.
SUNKO MEN SPIRIT AWAY
A COMPLAINING WITNESS
In Dismissing the Case of Frank
Wilson Judge Fritz Makes
Some Remarks.
The case of Frank "Wilson, . a bunko
man. charged with • grand larceny for
swindling John E. Graves, a visitor from
Detroit, Mich., out of $60 at a poker game
last Tuesday, was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday \ morning. Detectives
Crockett and Riordan said that they had
been unable to find the complaining wit
ness and were satisfied he had been spir
ited away. .
The Judge, in dismissing the case, said:
"It seems to me that ln a case of this
kind the police department ought, if
necessary, in all ( these cases to board and
lodge the complaining witnesses for a few
days till after the preliminary hearing.
In these cases the complaining witness
invariably disappears and in this partic
ular" case I feel satisfied that the friends
of the defendant or persons Interested in
his case paid the complaining witness
some money to get him to leave the city.
I repeat that the police department should
rcake it a rule to watch these witnesses
carefully, and, if necessary, give them
board and lodging in prison."
INTERESTING TOPICS
CHOSEN BY THE PASTORS
The model husband is all right, pro
vided be Is a working model. ¦ .
An ordinance to regulate and Improve
the condition of barber shops of Phila
delphia will be Introduced Into Councils.
It will provide for the licensing and
registration of all shops and for the ap
pointment of Inspectors to investigate
their sanitary condition.
The tenters at Coronado Beach are hav
ing a bui=y time. Mr. James E. Aldrich
is their entertainer and he arranges many
parties for boating, fishing and tally-ho
rides. A small paper, designated tho
"Coronado Tent City Programme," is pub
lished daily to keep the guests properly
posted.
•Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Sahlein and family
are at their summer, home, 1409 San An
tonio avenue, Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Eugene Lee left Satur
day for Highland Springs, where they
expect to remain for a fortnight.
.Dr. and Mrs. H. J. Sartorl are spending
the month in San Rafael.
Miss Harriett Levy and Miss Ruth Sal
inger, after spending the. past fifteen
months traveling in Europe and Egypt,
have arrived in New York and are ex
pected home this week.
Miss Bertha Dolbeer has returned from
the East.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis B. Parrott made a
flying visit to San Francisco last week,
returning to Del Monte on Thursday.
Mrs. Edward Moore Robinson, who was
recently the guest of Mrs. W. G. Irwin
in this city, has been entertaining con
siderably in Philadelphia before closing
her town house for the season.
Miss Flossie Levy was hostess at a
matinee party yesterday afternoon, en
tertaining twenty-five friends.
Society has so entirely removed to
country homes and summer resort hotels
that there is practically no social activity
ln the city. The only affair of any moment
to-day Is the reception to be given by
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice L. Asher, who will
receive this afternoon between the hours
of 2 and 5 to commemorate the birthday
and confirmation of their daughter, Miss
Bertha Asher. The drawing-rooms have
been elaborately decorated in white flow
ers and foliage. This evening nearly 100
children will be entertained and supper
will be served at midnight. A literary
and musical programme will be rendered.
The young hostess will wear white crepe
de chine' with duchesse lace. Mrs. Asher
will be attired in black silk with garniture
of rose point lace. Her ornaments will
be pearls and diamonds.
• • •
SOCIETY HAS
PLEASURE IN
THE COUNTRY
R. B. Christie of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
J. T. Canfield of Nevada City is at the
Occidental.
E. B. Wight, a Cleveland business man.
Is at the California-
J. A. Miller, a mining man of Austin,
New, is at the Grand.
Dr. L. L. Stephens of Humboldt Is reg
istered at the Grand.
E. C. Merritt, cashier of the Santa Rosa
Bank, is at the California.
Judge Frank H. Short of Fresno is
registered at the Palace.
D. A. Wilkins, a manufacturing Jeweler
of Chicago, is at the Palace.
J. McClurg, a well known oil man of
Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
E. Delaquesta of Santa Barbara is at
the Grand, accompanied by his family.
Walter S. Hobart, accompanied by his
wife, left for a tour of the Yosemite Val
ley last evening.
Colonel John T. Harrington, superin
tendent of the Soldiers' Home at Yount
ville. Is at the Palace.
Ex-United States Senator Maginnis of
Montana left for' Helena last evening
after a week's sojourn In the city.
Philip B. Frazier, president of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Stock
ton, Is at the Palace with his wife.
Baxter, it is said, kept the manuscript
of the "Saint's Everlasting Rest" in his
hands for thirteen years, revising and
condensing.
Valley Attracts Strangers.
The Sacramento Valley Development
Association, through its secretary, Mr.
Wright, reports that many strangers
from the East are going into the valley
by reason of the work that the associa
tion is doinsr. • Yesterday ten strangers
bought tickets from this city to different
points. Eight of the number will start
for \Voodland to-day. Two are going to
Redding, one to investigate stock raisins
facilit es arid one having an idea of me£
cnandizing in the city that boasts that it
is the fourth freight shipping point in
California. Every day during the last
v/eek one or more strangers have been
induced by the facts presented to him to
tatoe passage for some Sacramento Valley
pcint.
The Church of St. Vincent de Paul will
accommodate 750 persons, its dimensions
Leing 137:6x74 feet. It will be constructed
of brick and cement, with concrete foun
dations. The height will be forty feet
from floor to top of nave. » The towers
and cupolas will rise to a height of 100
leet.
homes.
The parish of St. Vincent de Paul was
establishf-ci s>ix months ago. It ex lends
west to tre Presidio and no;th to tnt bay.
It had been part of St. Brigid's parish,
and Rev. M. P. Ryan, who was assistant
pastor, was placed in charge of the new
parish. It is due to his efforts that the
PERSONAL MENTION.
city. It will be in the style of North Ital
ian Romanesque, which, with its simple
treatment of lofty wall arcades along the
front and graceful campaniles on either
side, connected with a colonnade above
the cornice line concealing the face of
the gable, will be an ornament archi
tecturally to the district of beautiful
EXTERIOR VIEW OF THE HANDSOME NEW EDIFICE TO BE ERECTED WITHIN A SHORT TIME BY MEM
BERS OF ST. VINCENT DE PAUL PARISH. IT WILL BE LOCATED AT THE NORTHWEST CORNER OF
GREEN AND STEINER STREETS.
new edifice i.s being built. The members
of his parish are devoting their time jpid
energies raising money for the erection
of the handsome structure. They clan
to hold a big fair in the fall. While the
new edifice ¦ is in course of construction
services are held in a spacious hall at .':118
Fil'more street,
WORK will begin shortly on the
new church of St. Vincent de
Paul, which is to be erected on
the northwest corner of Green
and Steiner streets. Plans for
the sacred edifice have been complet?<i,
end when finished the structure will be
ore of the handsomest of its kind in this
Plans for the Erection of the Church of St. Vincent de Paul at
the Corner of Green and Steiner Streets Are Completed and
the Work of Construction Is to Begin/ Immediately
SACRED EDIFICE OF GREAT BEAUTY
WILL BE BUILT BY PARISHIONERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
25
The Favorite Champagne
"WHITE SEAL"
Dry,Deucate, Deuc/ous.
The gain in importations of iloet & Chandon Champagne during 1901 waa
equal to more than 100 per cent of the combined increase of all other Champagn*
Houses.— "BovforVa Wine A Spirit Circular."
These suggestions, if followed for ten
days,, will convince the most skeptical
that a cool body, an active brain and an
energy hitherto unknown will prevail
and the general lassitude peculiar to
>rarm weather will disappear-
GBAPE-NUTS.
COOL FOOD
For Hot Days.
4 — — —
Better health comes with less meat and
fat during the warm weather.
By proper and pleasant diet you can
prepare the body for summer and feel
from ten to twenty degrees cooler than
your neighbor.
Grape-Jfuts and cream, a little fruit
and possibly a couple of soft-boiled eggs,
is sufficient for the breakfast. An ordin-
ary portion of Grape-Nuts contains suffi-
cient nourishment to fully sustain the
body until the noonday meal; being a pre-
dlgested food, it does not overtax the
stomach and contains none of the heat
supplied by the heavy carbonaceous
I COGS*
Fully cooked at the factory by food ex-
perts, brings It to you ready to serve,
and does away with the heat of cooking
end the time necessary to prepare ordin-
ary focd, and its crisp daintiness is pleas-
ing to the palate of young and old.
Many ' delicious recipes are found In
each Grape-Nuts package, so that the
fcrrn of eating this wholesome food can
be changed to suit the user.
1 ,1, i
H . tell your grocer t<v El
Ea v day to send you 9
M . hem: a j xr of the H
M "best" preserves, and W
h see hat he sends you &
H LONG'S, for a single n
I jar will convince yru ' u
fl that there are no finer J*
H Preserves, Jams cr ¦
1 Jel ies than LONG'S. B
w They arc made of the W
jtfgK finest fruit. The jtf^Tv
S|^ natural color and odor VfH
(>^ of the fru't is re
jf 1^-, tjined. No^caloring • l N5>ik
vLim ; of P resCfv^ n g com'' £\%t
S^ajf ,- pounds are used. k&gr
B Ycu can get them in it
S all varieties* ... B
H All Grocers Sell Them. H
I .Long; Syrup • |
Refining Co., gj?
¦ '§''¦ 8i« af >d Brannan Sts.,
ft •#' San Francisco, Cal. A
JOE EOSENEEBG'S. | JOE KOSENBEBG'S. [ JOE EOSENEEBG'S. | JOE EOSENBEKO.
¦JUJMUW Illllll ¦n||,||,|,|||-| i,iii,ii...,|||iwir,..i.,. I " '— ' ¦ -' ' ' ' ' ¦ "^ '' ' ' ¦ ¦ —
CERTAINLY WE'RE NOT '
Hf SHHi HAKIHG A FORTUME AT
Wwfflssafe* : ¦ ; ////; t s-JP ' ¦ '¦¦¦ r ' i* r* tL W 11 i
f Bmms^ Ladies Shirt Waists, made of good
¦'¦ v: '-^ quality Striped Percale, French back,
I u " f fon *' nevv sleeves, adjustable col-
///W^i * I "mi Hi !• * ? C% lar, same as cut, in all the newest.
"M'lri£*\^. tlllr \W * * U 1*1 spring shades of blue, red, or black and
' /l/rlil/Iw I'm* w* * * * Hlr T white, well made, neatly finished. & jp
Will I) ill *\i\* of* i * I ?/P • ou cou^ n ' t k u y material of an i^lP
I? HI'H Up i n \ h infenor quality at this" price I^LflJ
¦ Keat, rressy and Inexpensive. r T«ie Merit of These Goods Will(M- Man Tai'.or's and Dressmaker's Friend. DIVORCED!.
An Absolute Necessity to Women j lengO the Attention Of tilO JlOSt A* b'Jst 19 p^r S^ c¥in*n /^™ 5tf^ W
Going to the Country. - :",, ., .. n . i D, 1T7fl - C*£go dots away with corset? and /*5S^g5y^ PARTNERS COULD
PIQT'E SKIRTS made of very bost volo 11! DUjCt. S TT at tne same time prevents ttRTfflffi^ - NOT AGREE. They
aualitv niaue steam shrunk, welted " m nnr 'Muslin Underwear /A that slovenly look most un- ¦" REPRESENTED two
seams flare flounce, finished with bias \-^7\ ' nX??Lnt we ha?e some i&$f\ corseted women have. When large EOSTON FIRMS. One was a
fofd T of ' olaue •inv-rted back M ' : "ffi^/V \^ tfmX Sers to PT&. \ worn without corsets it brush MANUFACTURER. Other was a
length extm wide perfect hangiiig.. be- ; *^/ very . tempting . off er 3 to : /^A I holds the bust in shape and jewelry MANUFACTURER. They
ing cut after high-grade tailor patterns. • i^S^: LADIES' DRAWERS. \ \Jf) ) leaves ¥ the waist and hips needed ready money to wind up their
a linrealn In every sense of the : word jfiS5?*25Sk' mar\a nf trnoA niifliiiv nf Ma- >*Eb/x iree. 11 worn witn corsets business.
Now .^....?. $15O &affssssS^ for^vine f cambric WUh tuck- IP^S " hol<Js the bust ln sna P e w « bought them for spot cash at our
:sow •• ••¦¦....••. ....-a»i.ou ; , . . . son\»le camDric. wi tn tucK p*^\ and gives the wearer the own price and you'll get the benefit of
toiere in Town Could You .Find t :fSf"^ h s 3r*g&" eSS »fe •« -a UecTbl r s rii.& SWB8: & t iSSSS^S^S.'&SS. SSS$
Mora Complete Assortment of ' *"££££%£?£? s c
Wrappers at Prices So Best Dollar Gto Made. aaSS»«aS5afe*Sfektt SSSffiS^I
Reasonable as Here. »™1 SET h 1^' iS.r£ SlU ° °' F ""' ft •£=£ ; » "2 WBaaSSsfflS
lMittovuuim. uo lium. made Jn refsrence t0 our sorosis Pprfprt Fitting fnr<;At<i They are made of tne best brl3tle8
AWe have just received a GLOVE i CIHJUl-nillllg tUioClo. with ebony, cedar and hard polished
fresh crisp lot of wrappers at They are made of best picked lamb- Evnepts to Fit You Free of wood bac^ s - u y° u n ee<^ a brush or
prices that will surprise you sk i n> Paris p o int, stitched back, two- experts xo rix TOU rrcc or anticipate the necessity of one, here's
for their lowness. clasp/ nique sewn, ln all the newest Charge. your chance to buy brushes that you
Ladies' wrappers made of shades of Tan, Brown, Red. Gray, Black -rv E alter and PAD TOO— Guaran- wI11 never set again. We cannot speak
best quality striped or fig- or white; equal in appearance and wear t *elnir satisfaction TnThist that enou » h of these values,
orf mfed'^acr^u'n Iron" to many U 50 glov eS P Our price..«l.OO nB hiW^ tl °offeS*fS lt thS n Si.SS! Sale at the notion counter. Market
yoke -trimmed with^ fancy ATTENTION. ' It is the W. B. new military straight street entrance,
wash braid and ruffle of lawn, GLOVES CLEANED BY A DRY M* co # S!S t 1 ; m^f t l °i ._ r th l n Ji!!7 v^Jf The Jcwelr v Cnmnpiq-s Onern
edged with embroidery. PROCESS and made to look like new, ! a g" 1 cIot s h . t S th r ea *Ste flwJ- b& Jewelry Comprises Opera
ftor^of^S.bSidSJ 11 waiTt 5C cu h t^,d gI h^g h o«d? q n^^ Chains, Brooches, Necklaces
1 a M rOS?H.S This Means Moiey in Your Pocket. sa^W^Bft-^ t& i^ SSS Th and Hat Pins.
made, neatly finished. Practice true __ GLOVE that -will look as well we ask 81.00 The opera chains are made of tur-
economy by purchasing here. • t> _ as and c08 t only one-quarter as w-i.w quolset goldf snver# jetp coral ana pe arl.
Only •••" ;•••; 7 *A— ¦ •> mU ch. cool and comfortable for sum- J Tom 1 ftf Tfpw Yn?t MflPVpt^ hv flllP Thls season's newest designs.
Sale O'Farrel st. entrance. mer wear. They are made of best taf- H luur ul " ew lur& MaTWlo "J wl" Chains and coral necklaces.
TnAA* Tnppn feta silk, stitched back, two clasp, good RflVfir T.JlRt Wfiffjf 50c and 75c chains now 2."»c
LdCcb. Lttteb. fast colors ln black, mode or gray and 1JUJ01 iiadt UCDA Jl 00 and Jl 50 chains now 50c
For hat or dress trimming. It is the white. Four pairs of these for the price R esu | ted in O ui» Corralin6 a » 75 and * 225 chains now 81-00
new Point Venice lace net. 18 inches of one kid pair. Only _oC Awortment'nf Neck Man y other
wide, different patterns to choose from. p rA pminnnt VfllnPS in Wlll'tP SWrK « u w f £* ?• Brooches are made of amethvst.
More than even : exchange for your rreeilimeUL KdlllCb 111 H11HC uKUM. Ruches, Wash Ties and cameo? enamel, bead and pearls. This
money at this price..-. 90e yard //T 5^©^ VisIt our center Sailor Collars. season's newest Swiss designs.
60 P^S fOr IC '/& *XV\ be rg coSvinced er that We bought them at such a low price 50c and 73c brooches now 2Sc
ytpsilaUTi UvVyzA lief In their low- de sole, ruffled and pleated ends, full disappointed as the prices are esceed-
Hndprv HfKIPfV JwffiJ&^^Mi&ESK ness. ruffs; come in black with white, white ingly low and the values are tho best.
nUMCiJ. nUMClJf. l \ LADIES' WHITE with black, and all-white and all-black.
They arc m;idc expressly SKIRTS, made of J1.50 quality now Al.OO I Qqla r\t TltmnQt TntPfPQt trt ill
&, for us of picked cotton. '^^vM^^f^ good strong Lons- J2. 50 quality now Sl!7.-» A DdlO 01 UIQIOSI HU8reSl 10 All
mmm f!7x. heels, toes and knees are dale cambric, deep $4.00 quality now -»2.75 PnATiftTninal ChAnna*c«
IKP-'lHI made of double thread tucked flounce, finished with 8-inch. em- mfaV amf* r-Hir> CiGOHOIlllGll OilOPP6TS.
11? //ill twisted cotton, tho lengths broidery; good, strong buttonhole edse, rNEAl Ai>L» uniC.
'V 71U and shapes are made differ- openwork patterns, extra dust ruffle. The NEW SAILOR COLLAR, which A Fine Line Of Sample Purses.
-^jr ent from others— twenty- full length, very wide. Our price is all will always improve the looks of your _. mm _i— a— ww* Bought from a
/^T five years in handling hop- convincing J81.4S dress; made of the very finest hem- mm jSS^SKgKfgSj^J^Kj traveler at the
gr iory "has shown us defects, stitched lawn. Our price I H^^2^^fesS« i;l Wi^ usual sampledis-
* and wo have improved on BeaUllIierS. ANOTHER -WHITE WASH TIB. |«»^^^^^^ 1 C °^," t -
CHILDREN 1 '™" HOSE, made of the vf^S* m^UfVrv ho^a^u™?? «^ Ma<3e ° f the flnest so " 1^^™ t^IlK
very best fast black Egyptian Cotton. s" viewable dotted Tor Wfy bleached English lawn, nar- B^^^^^J sale at most as-
narrow jersey ribbed, seamless, abso- & bmed bpranSne n invni,/ row hemstitched borders all *»^ ..h^JS/ t«m«>,>n«.i v low
lute'J fast black. When you see them b ur %rice ll always Towlst 7 •?%% J&L a round; some in colors. Prices.
and try them you'll say it is the best KJUl prll - c 1!> dl "< l > s lowesl — >*- >rf^^\ others white. For equal For instance, LADIES' POCKET
stocking you have ever had for even ».„._ pnf nrn n 3 ™ V nn XJoA q n nli £mS*Ki&0> quality we are never under- BOOKS and CARD CASE made of good
double this money 10c floYCr JjClOre HdYo IOU flaU OUCH - W(lf *%K* so ld. Our price TLUhic quality grain leather, leather lined, ma-
¦ „ Q-ninTiAiA n n n«»i,, n )t n ?« n-nr, chine sewn, not glued, riveted steel
. Hosiery for Stont Women. a Sp.endid Opportunity to Buy Overstocked in Embroideries. SSSS^rS^i s ourVa o y^Si™
ciaVyTf S^^S^oriS^ St. DalDt y aS NOW. , We find we have too many for »c .2l 75c puW' Only..... y 25 c
iS%3^^a^.e h tr£S^S oe p l lw B^ |§ E^Se^^quX- WP ,.^ is M t : i r^ / Equestrienne and AtMetic Women,
%^^JS u r£7&S2i *£ W S^iSWS^5?WSS oSIK £%&¥%%£ Attention.
wner k e n °else y but here a5c pair l^^^^t Kf^KrtS^thThL^-."^?? ,»! LADIES' TIGHTS.-Made of the very
r A nioonnAintmont Swflitc Y<fti HpPP r^^K\ front; neck and armsize terns— buttonhole edge— best English Lisle. Steam shrank and
KO Disappointment AWailS IOU nere. (MW)) trimmed with edge of tor- 2& inches wide 2c Yd. medicated. Perfect fitting, ankle length,
We Sell as We Advep- V^S// chon lace and beading 4 inches wide 5c Yd. extra wide lap. Finished at the top
we oci. as uc nuvci / K drawn through with satin 7 inches wide 15c Yd. with a crocheted edge, also a draw
ffW tise. ribbon. Your opportunity at Ma«v others accordingly string-, so as to fit snugly to the body.
¦TPL t impc!' KIMONA DRESS this price 50c J otne.s accoromgiy. Fast black and pure white Joe Rosen-
dMk i'n^ r OR COMBING Sale OTarrel .St.. entrance. NO Summer WardTO^ IS Compete s of course for such low prtce^
m% l^?Saffl?5ri£L.5 ir 5SS Equal This Anywhere if You Can. Without a Whits Kid Belt. «.. ]tm ?Tm ni . T «.„ M '
K^UR Droad bands of sol , l , d c ° lor> LADIES' CORSET COVERS, made HFPF 1C vmil) rHAN - P VflU liem TrOm Uflr Ofleil UOOQS
\A\ £' Kimona sleeves, all colors. of good soft bleached muslin, high or HfcKb It> YUUK LHAISCh. VSnrMiimant
w l N " astoundingly low at this low neckf tlg ht fitting, well made, all LADIES' KID BELTS, made of good Uepariffleni.
price Doc felled seams good strong buttons and quality white grain kid, lined and ma- LADIES* VEW VAS
_„ „ ... . w -. buttonholes. Doesn't pay to make chine sewed. Kid covered buckle. A '^ <. c 4 r raotc ro\tR«? marto
75C Yelling NOW GOC. them yourself when we sell them at belt our competitors offer as a leader at fe£fl^3& of best nuiliiv itilhn
An entire „«^ijneV beautiners in all this price Oe 25c. Our little profit price 19c HSSp %evF".«£S$§ finished
S^nr^ir^t^uasycSitoT^iSJ- inr onoirMDCDn s^ market street, iSSTS^ ssSrSr^ys. 11 sssss
fancy cat-stitched or ribbon border; one iWm Kflg\B"iwKr'Kiio n ¦ , , .*„..- „ keeps the stray Iock3 In place better
and one-quarter yards long; we are JUL 1 1 II U L l^ U L 91 U Running through to 11 O'Farratl. than a comb of this kind. Hairdressers
never undersold. 6nly 50c * J^,, n jT Q !^ c'ii^JT PPPT AN mm mWfl ask 50c for this comb. Our asking
Colors, National, Black and White. Mall Orders Sollcltei. PHELAN BUILDING. price 25cStrikers Gain a Point.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 14.— All of
the boilermakers sent here j to take the
places of the Santa Fe strikers have
agreed, it is said, tot throw up their work.
As a result a complete tie-up of the shops
hero may occur on Monday. The report
that the new men would quit was given
out by one of them to-day, who said that
they nave received assurances from the
strikers that they would be given trans
portation to any point to which they de
sired to go.
DENVER. Colo.. June 14.— The closing
day of the Grand "Western Handicap tour
nament was distinguished by the same
high grade shooting aa that dono yester
day. Of tho thirty-six entries in the chief
event, the Grand Western Handicap, thir
ty-four got inside the money under the
Rose f.ystem of division. Three tied for
the first money at 99 birds out of 100. H.
C. F.irschy of Minneapolis made a new
world's record by breaking 99 targets at
21 yards. The best previous record was
made by Rolla S. Heikes, breaking 9& at
1» yards. The men who tied for ilrst are
IT. C. 'Hirschy, W. C. Wernecke of Wich
ita and L. King of Colorado. The highest
average for the three days' shoot was
made by John W. Garrett of Colorado
Springs, with H. C. Hirschy second and
A. E. McKenzie of Denver third.
New Trapshooting 1 Record.
Ross was last seen in a tamale grotto
on the water front late last night. He had
been drinking and was known to have
had money in the early part of the even
ing. It is said that he had several alter
cations during the day.
SAUSALITO, June 14.— The body of
Thorold Ross was found on the beach
near Sausalito this afternoon, and bruises
upon it indicate that he may have met
with foul play. Coroner Eden took charge
of the remains and Sheriff Taylor has
started an investigation. Ross" body lay
partly In the water. On his head were
several gashes and parts of his body were
bruised.
Beach Near Sausalito After a
• Debauch.
Thorold Boss Is Found Bead on the
BRUISES ON BODY TYEAP
TO THEOBY OF MTTRDER
President, W. H. Burn ham; vice president,
W. H. Nolan; secretary, C. R. Franklin; treas
urer, Martin Kelly; sergeant at. arms, G. F.
Gasper. , - , ,
The Republican Mutual Alliance held Us
first meeting in the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District last night. A large crowd
was present and listened to speeches by
Senator Morehouse, J. G. Lewis, L.,"Vin
rcent and others. Several resolutions were
read and adopted. Following are the of
ficers of the alliance:
[Republican Alliance Meets.
SAN FEAlXCISCAiNS WKD
IN A BELVEDERE HOME
Horatio G. Hellmann and Hiss Manu
ella A. Page Now Husband and
Wife.
SAN RAFAEL, June 14.— Horatio O.
Hellmann and Miss Manuella A. Page of
San Francisco were married at Belvedere
thl3 afternoon. The wedding, though a
home affair . was an elaborate one and
many guests were present. The home of
Mrs. J. Maillard. the sister of the bride,
where the ceremony took place, was ap
propriately decorated, the parlor and re
ception rooms being festooned' with wild
flowers and smilax. The bride and groom
stood under a bower of wild flowers in the
west parlor. Rev. E. J. Lion officiated.
The bride was given away by her brother,
W. E. Page, and J. E. Twigga acted as
best man. There were no bridesmaids.
Following the ceremony the bridal party
and 100 guests partook of a bountiful re
past, after which Mr. and Mrs. Hellmann
left for San Francisco.* They will take a
trip through the Southern States, and
then return to Safi Francisco, to reside
permanently. Mr JHellmann ia a commis
sion merchant of San Francisco. •
State Senator S. C. Smith of Kern,, a
leading aspirant for the Republican nom
ination for CongTess in the new Eighth
District, is in the • city: <*; « • * ~y
Affairs in the boss camp of San Fran
cisco are badly mixed. For many weeks
the district henchmen have been waiting
for comprehensive orders. They want to
get an inkling of the second choice of
Burns and Herrin, as they are fully cog
nizant of the fact that Gage delegates
cannot be elected in any Assembly dis
trict of Sau Francisco. Adjutant General
Stone is home again from a flying visit
to Cleveland and several of the machine
followers hope to get word that he ia ac
ceptable to Burns and Herrin.
The machine politicians no longer fig
ure on making a fight to organizes the
State convention. It is conceded generally
that Hon. Jacob H. Neff of Placer, a Re
publican whose Integrity Is beyond ques
tion, and whose services to the party have
been highly creditable, will be chosen
chairman.
AFFAIRS I3ST BOSS CAMP.
> The Chinese cook, who was paroled by
the "business administration," cooked the
political goose of his Excellency. "When
the politicians saw the indisputable proof
— the indelible record— that the adminis
tration had taken a Chinese felon from
San Quentin and installed him as chief
cook in the home of the Governor, they
realized that Gage was a loser. The pa
roling of furniture from San Quentin was
bad enough, and the scandalous Kern
County bond transaction, wherein the
school fund suffered a loss of $16,000, was
worse, but the politicians maintain that
the employment of a Chinaman in the
Governor's kitchen Is the offense which
the workingmen will not pardon at the
polls.
The Republicans of California have
practically repudiated Gage. "What little
strength he may derive in the election of
delegates to the State convention will be
thrown to him by Democratic voters, who
desire his nomination for the sole reason
that he is the weakest Republican aspir
ant in the field.
GAGE IS KEPTJTtfATED.
The Democrats, however, are so anxious
that Gage shall be nominated that they
have resolved to vote at the primary
election for delegates to the Republican
convention. Word comes from Los An
geles that a few Democratic votes will be
cast in each Assembly District for
Snyder delegates to the Democratic State
Convention, but that the main body of
Democrats will' vote for Republican dele
gates favorable to Gage. A similar game
was played by the bosses in San Fran
cisco last August. At least five thousand
Democratic voters were called to the aid
of the machine ticket. In fact the Demo
crats under the leadership of Sam
Rainey, Herrin, Greany and Jere Burke
gave the convention to the bosses. Re
publican voters at the municipal election
following resented the intrusion by re
pudiating the ticket.
Tehama County Republicans elected
delegates to the State convention yester
day. The delegation is opposed to Gage.
To-morrow Tulare County Republicans
will meet and the indications are that
delegates opposed to the renominatlon of
Gage will . be chosen. The opposition to
Gage is growing wider and 'deeper. The
push politicians are so badly rattled that
they cannot get together and put up a
formidable contest against the good gov
ernment forces.
Administration Appeals to
Democrats for Aid and
. Comfort.
Republicans of Interior
Repudiate Boss
Machine.
MORE DELEGATES
AGAINST GAGE
SAN . QUENTIN, June 14.— At the meet
ing of the State Board of Prison Directors
to-day The Call made a ; formal, request
to be allowed to inspect certain books in
relation to San Quentin ; prison affairs.
vThis was granted, after which the board
went into executive session. During this
executive session a resolution was adopted
naming June "25 as the time* for holding
the investigation of San Quentin prison
affairs asked for by The Call. .
San Quentin Investigation.
State Prison Directors Soon to Begin
FIX DATE FOB HTQUZBY.
And this complainant, upon oath, accuses
said John D. Spreckels and said W. S. Leaks,
8lias Sam Leake, of having, committed sal J
crime, and this complainant prays that a war
rant may be issued for the arrest of saiil de
fendants. John D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake
alias Sam Leake. and that they may be dealt
•with according to law.
HENRY T. GAGE.
All of which Is contrary to the form, fproe
and effect of the statute In such case made and
provided and against 'the peace and dignity
of the people of the State of California,
Said divers and many persons within eald
Wilmington Township then and there under
stood in fact by and from said false, grotesque
and distorted picture ami publication that said
defendants then, and there and thereby por
k trayed, describes, depicted, represented and
published that this complainant had then and
there a vicious, malignant and criminal face;
and eald divers and many persons within said
Wilmington Township then and there understood
in fact from said false, scandalous, grotesque
and distorted picture of complainant and Words
and drawings In connection with said picture
that this complainant was then and there and
thereby charged, depicted, portrayed, described
and represented by said defendants as a vicious
man and a criminal, and that the said publi
cation and said false, grotesque and distorted
picture and representation of complainant did
then and there reflect upon the character of
said complainant and did then and . there tend
to Impeach the honesty, integrity and reputa
tion of complainant and thereby to expose him,
said complainant, to public hatred, contempt
and ridicule. ¦'_-¦ '.?-
That on said 13th day of June A. D. 1902,
and on divers other days and times between
the said 24th day of May, A. D. 1902, and the
time of the making and filing of this complaint,
the aforesaid divers and many persons within
said Wilmington Township, county and State
aforesaid, received, read, examined and saw
said false and defamatory words, libel, publica
tion and grotesque and distorted picture and
representation of this complainant, and the
eald divers and many persons within said Wil
mington Township then and there understood
In fact from said publication and from the said
false, grotesque and distorted picture and rep
resentation therein of this complainant, as well
as from the drawings in connection with said
picture and from the words, "Henry T. Gage,
Governor of -.California," underneath said pic*
ture, that said defendants then and there and
thereby designed said false, scandalous, gro
tesque and distorted picture to portray, de
scribe, depict and represent this complainant:
end said divers and many persons within said
Wilmington Township then and there under
etood in fact that said distorted picture- then
and there described, portrayed, depleted and
represented a vicious, malignant and criminal
face.
That by eaid false, grotesque and distorted
picture and representation of this complainant,
and by said drawings In connection with said
picture, and by said printed and lettered words,
"Henry T. Gage, Governor of California,".,
underneath said picture, in said newspaper, the
said defendants did then and there and thereby
willfully, unlawfully and maliciously and with
malicious intent to injure this complainant,
portray, describe, depict and represent and
publish that said grotesque and distorted pic
ture and representation of this complainant
was then and there a true picture of complain
ant, when, in truth and in fact, as defendants
then and there well knew, said picture and
representation was not a true picture or repre
sentation of complainant, but a false, scandal
ous, distorted and grotesque representation of
this complainant, and defendants did then and
there and thereby willfully, unlawfully and
maliciously and with malicious intent to In
jure this complainant, portray, describe, depict,
represent and publish that complainant had
then and there a vicious, malignant and crimi
nal face and that this complainant was then
and there a vicious man and criminal.
That below the defamatory words and on
the same page of said newspaper, and as a
continuation and part of said article and libel
published of and concerning this complainant
as aforesaid, was then and there a group of
pictures, which covered a space on the front
page of said Issue of said newspaper about
fourteen and one-half inches wide and about
nine Inches long, and consisted of a representa
tion of said "Warden Martin G. Aguirre on the
left and a false, scandalous, malicious, de
famatory, distorted and grotesque representa
tion of the complainant on tho right, which
said picture and representation of this com
plainant was. then and there so distorted as to
show and express a vicious, malignant and
criminal face; and underneath said false and
distorted and grotesque picture and represen
tation of this complainant were then and there
lettered and printed the words "Henry T.
Gage, Governor of California" (meaning this
complainant, and meaning that said distorted
and grotesque picture and representation was
then and there a true- picture of this complain
ant, and that this complainant had then and
there a vicious, malignant and criminal face,
and that this complainant was then and there
a vicious man and a criminal); and among tho
aforesaid group of pictures on said front page
of eald newspaper there was then and there a
small representation of the residence, of said
Warden Agulrre. at the State Prison at San
Quentln, in the upper portion of the middle of
the picture group, and a little below said rep
resentation of said residence a printed lino
drawing of two champagne bottles and of a
champagne glass, and a printed line drawing
representation of two parties convicted o£
crime and confined in said State Prison at San
Quentin, one of whom Is represented as wear-
Ing a ball and chain, the shackles of a crimi
nal, both of which said parties are represented
as engaged in the work of clerks in and about
Bald State Prison.
and advised In the commission of said crimes.
To get one of our clocks, the pretty
golden ones that please everybody. Also
gold candlesticks, candelabra and Jewel
ry cases make fine wedding presents and
prizes for card parties. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. • *
Wow Is the Time
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The Civil Ser
vice Commission has forwarded a com
munication to President Roosevelt urging
that he hesitate in renominatlng Survey
or General Perrault of Idaho,, who has
been under fire on civil service charges
for some months. The commission
charges that Perrault refused to appear
before Its representative sent there to in
vestigate the charges and that he gave
expression to utterances derogatory to
President Proctor of the commission.
Civil Service Officials Protest.
A feature of the trial was the testimony
of Hay's father-in-law, James Sharp,
who claimed to have had a revelation
from God that Mortensen was the mur
derer. * _^
The trial began May 5 and It took four
weeks to get a jury, which was secured
only after an open venire had teen de
clared. The testimony and argument oc
cupied two weeks and the jury was out
three hours. The verdict was reached
unanimously on the first ballot.
Hay, who was a neighbor of Mortensen,
was secretary of the Pacific Lumber
Company, to which company Mortensen
was indebted in the amount of $3800. On
December 16 Mortensen requested Hay to
call that night at his home, bring a re
ceipt for the sum and he would pay him
the money. Hay was 'not seen alive after
calling at Mortensen's house. Two day3
later Hay's body was found buried near
Mortensen's house. Hay had been shot.
Mortensen was arrested on suspicion
and in his pocket was found a receipt for
the money and an uncanceled note. MOr
tensen claimed he had paid the money to
Hay in $20 gold pieces, but told conflicting
stories about it *
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 14.— The Jury
in the case of Peter Mortensen, charged
with the murder of James R. Hay on the
night of December 16, 1901, this afternoon
at 3 o'clock returned a verdict of "guilty
of murder in the first degree." Mortensen
will be sentenced July 5 and will choose
between hanging and shooting in expia
tion of his crime.
That on said 13th day of June/ A. D. 1902,
and on divers other days and times between
the said 2ith day of May, A. D. 1902, and the
time of the making and filing of this complaint,
divers and many persona within said Wilming
ton Township, county and- State aforeeaid, re
ceived and read eald false and defamatory
words, libel and publication, and. in fact, so
understood therefrom - that this complainant
was then and there charged and accused by
cald defendants in Bald newspaper of crimes
to-wit: That this complainant had- been and
was then and there willfully, unlawfully ana
knowingly an accessory, aider, adviser and
abettor of thievery, of forgery and of corrup
tion in office and that this complainant was
then and there charged and accused by said
defendants, with then and there being an un
lawful and felonious beneficiary of each of
said crimes, and that this complainant wa«
then and there and thereby charged and ac
cused by said' defendants with unlawful and
felonious knowledge of the commission by eald
Martin G. Agulrre of 6ald crimes of thievery
of forgery and of corruption In office, and that
this complainant, while having such unlawful
and felonious knowledge, was then and there
the friend, associate and adviser of said
Agulrre and that this complainant had been
and was then and there an unlawful and felon
ious associate with said Agulrre in said crimes
That in and by eaid false and defamatory
words, libel and publication the said defendants
did then and there and thereby Intended to
charge and accuse and to be understood by the
readers of their said newspaper as charging and
accusing this complainant of crimes to-wif
That this complainant had been and was then
and there wilfully, unlawfully and knowingly
an accessory, alder, adviser and abettor of
thievery, of forgery and of corruption in office
and that said defendants did then and there
and thereby charge and accuse and then and
there and thereby Intended to charge and ac
cuse and to be understood by the readers of
their cald newspaper as charging and accus
ing this complainant with then and there be
ing an unlawful and felonious beneficiary of
each of eald crimes, and said defendants did
then and there and thereby charge and accuse
and then and there and thereby Intended to
charge and accuse and to be understood by the
readers of their said newspaper as charging
and accusing this complainant with unlawful
and felonious knowledge, of the commission- by
Eaid Martin G. Aguirre of ' said crimes of
thievery, of forgery and of corruntion in of
fice, and that this complainant, while having
euch unlawful and felonious knowledge, had
been and was then and there the friend, asso
ciate and adviser of said Aguirre, and that this
complainant had. been and was then and there
an unlawful and felonious associate "with said
Aguirre in said crimes and advised In the com
mission of said crimes.
"Consternation reigns in Ban Quentln
Prison. A ecandal which In Its proportions In
its revelation of wholesale crimes has had 'few
equals In this State, has burst over the- institu
tion. Involving Warden Martin G. Aguirre and
Henry T. Gage, the Governor of California"
(meaning this complainant). "Warden
Aguirre" (meaning the said Martin G
Agulrre) "has been guilty of gross crimes, and
Governor Gage" (meaning this complainant)
"his" (meaning the eald Agulrre's) "friend
associate and adviser" (meaning that this com
plainant had, then and there, unlawful and fe
lonious knowledge of the commission by said
Martin G. Aguirre of eald crimes of thievery
of forgery and of corruption In office, and that
this complainant, while having such unlawful
and felonious knowledge, was then and ther<*
the friend, associate and adviier of eald
Agulrre, and meaning that this complainant
had been, and was then and there, an unlawful
and felonious associate with said Agulrre in
eaid crimes and advised the commission of said
crimes), "has been the beneficiary of these crim*
inal acts" (meaning that this complainant has
been willfully, unlawfully, feloniously and
knowingly an accessory, aider, adviser and
abettor of thievery, of forgery and of corrup
tion in office, and meaning that this complain
ant has been an unlawful and felonious bene
flclary of each of said crimes).
"Scandal of thievery, forgery and corruption
bursts upon San Quentln Prison" (meaning the
State Prison of the State of California at San
Quentln, California), "Involving Warden
Agulrre" (meaning Martin G. Aguirre, tho war
den of said State Prison at San Quentin), "as
inspiring criminal and Gov." (meaning Gov
ernor) "Gage" (meaning this complainant) "as
beneficiary." (Meaning that this complainant
was, then and there, willfully, unlawfully, fe
loniously and knowingly an accessory, alder,
adviser and abettor of thievery, of forgery and
of corruption In office, and meaning that this
complainant was then and there an unlawful
and felonious beneficiary of each of said
crimes.)
By John D. Spreckels and W. 8. Leake, alias
Bam Leake, who then and there, intending to
impeach the honesty. Integrity and reputation
of this complainant, Henry T. Gage, and to
expose him, said complainant, to public hat
red, contempt and ridicule,- did then and there
¦willfully, unlawfully and maliciously and with
the malicious intent to Injure said Henry T.
Gage, publish and circulate, and procure to be
published and circulated, of and concerning
the said Henry T. Gage, who was then and
there and still Is the Governor of the State of
California, certain false, scandalous and ma
licious libel and distorted picture and defama
tion in a regular iasue of The San Francisco
Call, a. certain, dally newspaper of general cir
culation, printed and dated on the 24th day of
May, A. D. 1902, whereof the said John D.
Spreckels was then and there and at all the
times herein mentioned the proprietor of eald
and said W. S. Leake, alias Sam
Leake, was then and there and at all times
herein mentioned the manager of said news
paper, which said false, scandalous and ma
licious libel, .picture and defamation (among
many other false, scandalous and malicious
statements therein published of and concerning
said Henry T. Gage) was on said 13th day of
June, A. D. 1902, and on divers other days
¦and times between said 24th • day of May,
A. D. 1902, and the time of making and filing
this comDlatnt, published and circulated and
procured to be published and circulated by eald
defendants, of and concerning eaid Henry T.
Gage, at and in said Wilmington Township,
and was then and there as follows, to wit:
That at all the times herein mentioned said
Henry T. Gag-e was a resident of and for more
than twenty-flve years last past had resided
and now resides In the county of Los Angeles,
State of California; that on the 13th day of
June. A. D. 1902, and on divers other days and
times between the 24th day of May A. D.
1902, and tho time of the making and filing
o* this complaint at and in eald Wilmington
Township, county of Los Angeles, State of
California. ' which said township Is wholly
without the corporate limits of Los Angeles
city, but within said county and State, the
crime of libel was then and there committed
as follows) to wit:
In th« Justice Court of "Wilmington Town
ship, County of Los Angeles, State of Cali
fornia. The people of the State of California,
plaintiff, vs. John D. Spreckels and W. S.
Leake, alias Sam Leake. defendants: Per
sonally appeared before xn» this 14th day of
June, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred and two. Henry T. Gage, a resident of
the county of Lob Angeles, State of California,
who. on oath, makes complaint and deposes
and says:
TEXT OF THE COMPLAINT.
Constable Carlson decided to-night that
he would not Berve the warrants. Carlson
admitted that the job was too big for
him. He appealed to the Justice under
whom he serves and was sent to the
Sheriff. The papers were then turned over
to Sheriff Hammel and he will leave on
Monday morning for San Francisco to
serve them. He will simply present the
warrants and follow such legal course as
the convenience of the defendants neces
sitates. Following is the complaint:
Accompanied by several friends the Gov
ernor went to San Pedro to-day and re
paired at once to the office of Justice
Downing, who had been notified of hla
coming and was waiting for the party.
The proceedings in the courtroom on the
top floor of a rickety building, on the first
floor of which. is a ship chandler's store,
were brief. The complaint, which bore
the formal approval of District Attorney
Rives, was tendered to the Justice, who
administered the oath to Gage. The war
rant was then issued, the rorm having al
ready been prepared by the Governor's
attorneys, and. all that Justice Downing
had to do was to affix his signature and
BeaL The warrant was placed In the
hands of Constable Carl T. Carlson of
Wilmington. Township and the party then
departed.
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— San Pedro
was the place chosen by- Governor Gage
to-day for the commencement of threat
ened legal proceedings, and there, before
Justice Henry C. Downing of Wilmington
Township, he filed the long-expected com
plaint for alleged criminal libel against
John D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake. He
had announced yesterday that he would
file the complaint at his home in Downey,
but he changed his plan and chose San
Pedro instead. When Gage arrived on
this coast he- landed at San Pedro. He
is well known throughout that section of
the county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Selects- San Pedro as Place
for Commencement of
Proceedings.
Peter Mdrtensen Is Found
Guilty by a Jury in
Salt Lake.
Files Complaint Against
Proprietor and" Man
ager of The Call.
Convicted Murderer Has
Choice of Means
of Death.
ROPE OR BULLET
TO END HIS LIFE
GAGE SWEARS
OUT WARRANTS
THE SAN -FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
BILLINGS, Mont., June 14.— Sheriff Ed
ward Hoffman of Castle Rock, Colo., ar
rived here to-day after Charles H. Stin-
Bon, who was arrested near here a short
time ago. - Stinson is wanted in Colorado
for grand larceny.
Colorado Obtains ths Prisoner.
has surrendered at Lichtenburg with 800
men. A Boer officer attached to the Stan
derton commando has died of enteric
fever. He was buried to-day. with mili
tary honors. His coffin was covered with
a union jack. \
BLOEMFONTEIN, June 14.— Generals
Botha, Dewet and Delarey Intend to go
to Europe next July.
Delarey Surrenders at Lichtenburg
and Many Burghers I*ay Do-wn
Their Arras.
LONDON, June 14.— Lord Kitchener to
day reported to the War Office that 1187
Boers surrendered yesterday in the Trans
vaal, Orange River and Cape colonies.
PRETORIA, June 14.— General Delarey
TJNTOIT JACK COVERS
BOER OFFICER'S COFFIN
OMAHA, Neb., June 14. — Alexander Stewart,
foreman of the Cheyenne shops, haa been ap
pointed master mechanic of the Wyoming 1 divis
ion of the Union Pacific Railroad, to succeed
"W. R. McKean Jr., recently appointed super
intendent of motive power of that road.
"We were thrown off the trail by these
reports," said Sheriff. Cook. "If I ever
was sure of anything it Is that the con
victs are at this minute in the timber be
tween Needy and Marquam. I do not be
lieve that they have ever been anywhere
else. In that neighborhood the under
brush and woods are thick, affording the
escapes every possible protection from
their pursuers."
CLAIMS FALSE HXJMOItS
; SAVED THE FUGITIVES
Oregon Sheriff Declares Fosses Were
Lured From Trail of Tracy and
Merrill.
OREGON CITY, Or., June 14.— All day
long Sheriff Cook of Clackamas County
has been on the alert for news of the es
caped convicts Tracy and Merrill. He at
tributes the abandonment of the search
to false rumors which were in circulation
yesterday.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Bitters will positively cure
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Biliousness, Nervousness and
Malaria. Try a bottle and satisfy
yourself. The genuine has our
Private Stamp over the neck.
I* CELEBRATED **8&
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
g) 3%c/afc5/vigws. of the. <&
\cfo2,ir\o\0uf cft/xe Marfcet St^&tore
of '-K^tvlbcr^ &tt~£L\M2>£> *nd ,
Thousands of cioliars' worth of dress goods, silks, ready-made suits,
domestics, wash goods, ribbons, laces, gloves, veilings, etc., on sale, to be closed
out for the first time to-morrow. This is the merchandise we did not have time
to reduce at the beginning of our great sale. Many hundreds of yards of fabrics
on the counters that you have never seen before. These are the goods we had
to keep in the stock room on account of the crowded shelves up stairs. Every
day the panorama changes; every day interest in the sale increases. Last week
was a greater week than the week before, and this week will be the greatest
week of all. • 1
Never in the history of San Francisco has a trade event of the magnitude
If of this been conducted." No one economically disposed can afford to overlook I
the buying opportunities we are offering. You can save from 40 per cent to 60 I
per cent on anything you purchase. *. - I
A It Is the Greatest Sale That San Francisco Has Ever Known. /
Goods and Domestics on Sale at Market Store Only — All Other Goods at Both Storeg SyJ
V^J^o-i^a Matfrteet s tr ,^ISg^^^ft©>
4. :¦ - ' ¦ '___
o occooQ30Gosco©©©c©ooco930ooooo@oeGeo©oooeooo«o«ooooeoo9eo©o©oooo©*o
8 _ o
% ¦ • ¦ . ®
I Varicocele, Impotcncy and Waste o? Manly Power Are Quickly g
| and Forever Cured by the Grand Product of Nature, Dr. g
| McLaughlin's Electric Belt. Send for the Free Book. g
I FREE ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN. I
| This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak part and cures all "Weakness of 8
© Men, Varicccsle, etc It is free. It develops and expands all weak organs and checks unnatural 8
| drains. No case of Failing: Manhood, Varicocele or Sexual Debility can resist the powerful Electric 8
©Suspensory. It never fails to cure.. It is itcc with Eelts for "Weak Men. ©
8 ' : ; 1 — : •
9 No man should he weak; no man should suffer the Ions fresvo. Cal /%
© of that vital element which renders lif» worth living.' No t _ DR v M ' ?• MoIaAXJOHUN— Dear 8ir: X «»ed your belt for S
© man Bhould allow himself to become less a man than, na- . JKS^Jf i£&%S!i^x 8
2 ture Intended him; no man Bhould suffer for the sins of l! e !; ect .I? ealt . h ' ,* nd w «J»i» »or« than I ever did. My appetite is O
| his youth, when there is here at hand a certain cure for J&^tataFit'to^. 1 *^ very*™," 11 " * "o t'S" 1 * 11 •
Q his weakness-a check to his waste of power. vi :¦ An old man of 70 saya he feels "as strong and young aa S
9 . Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, he did at 33. That shows how it renews the vigor of r>
® heart, brain and nerves from which men suffer are" due y< TY th f'r,~«, i« . A « • ? j , A
©to an early loss.of nature's reserve power through mis- powe^^nd^vllo^me^t £%• SnSSXSrt? 1 ' •
gj takes of youth. Tcu need not suffer for this. You can be _ It; 5 ure9 Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney ©
§ restored. The very element which you have lost you can trouble. It banishes pain in a night, never to return. ©
© get back, and you may be as happy as any man that Hve3. D R. m. C. McLauGHUJT— Dear sir? 3 1 " 8
© My Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory high-grade 'belt for two months for lame 'back rheumatism 'and A
| (free), will restore your power. It will check all unnatu- JKSSS. 1 T%K 'SS^Zi^.T^Sl^J USS/^i SS f
JS ral drains and losses and give back the old vigor of dld - * A11 my friends acknowledge that I have had a miraenimM ©
X v outh ~ ;< cure, as I was almost a wreck when I began to use th- beltL O
8 ¦ COLUMBIA. Cal. ' """ZZftT^. ' ' «• B. MnA.^ J
2 DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: In regard to what your m ; ,, avenue - g>
X belt has done for me, I am glad to be able to tell you that it haa »hX m n .7°i .v. , i te tel1 m t' and * no matter ©
5 completely cured roy back and other troubles for which I procured one in ¦ tE *• ¦?** you the address of some 0
® it. I began to feel better before I had worn it two weeks, and sandl a£d ,v^ ™ h ?Z? T^ X v< ? Cured thou " O
g now feel like a new man. I have been telling all my friends what ' ment of my Beit walking advertise- g
g the belt has done for me. You may use this testimonial letter in Every man who ever used it recommends It becau<m'it ©
g any manner you wish, for I am glad to recommend the treatment " honest. It does great work, and those whom T haw O
g to any one In need of it. Tours truly, J. F. GRIGSBT. mtl^ are the more S ra *eful because the cure costs so O
@ This drain upon your power . causes Kidney Trouble, Every man who uses my Belt gets the advir a •
@ Rheumatism and Stomach ailments. . Tou know it's a sel of a physician free. I give you all that anymedical 2
© loss of vital power, and affects every organ of the body. m 4vv C^. n fi V it y ™ « a * nd a l ot i hat * he can>t - S
g; Most' of the ailments from which men suffer can be traced ' i^'V^^^^ m &S^^% t> S^%^ 8
® to it, «>d lota^f good reading for men who want to f be "Tho ©
g I have cured thousandg of men who have squandered wi°ll slndth? booki'ealed ?£?* Inclose thl3 ad and I ©
© the savings of years : in useless doctoring. ¦¦'*•*. ©
6 My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed; IV ijf S* Iff f 1 t» HIM Ma*1ra+ C* 2
© you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or bura. : as Dl- III. Li. IllCL/Hf Plllifi MaT&ei 3I M •
g in old style belts/, and you feel the nerves tingle with the . V- llAVi ' ww S UIII1 J SAN FRANCISCO. O
0 new. life flowing Into them. You' get up in the morning Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sunday*. 10 to 1. *
©feeling like a two-year-old. j ; ." irarvsa* SOLD- BT DRUG STORES O* AGENT* 8
©©0®0©«00©®©0©©00®©©©©0©0©©e©©©0©©©0«0©d©©©OdOOCOOOOOOOaoo ftftfi « ftfi « fia S
J^yEBTTSEIJENTS.
Values Ordinarily Out of the
Question Now Offered By
Pommer-Eilers Music Com-
pany at a Very Great
Saving.
Many cheap pianos are little better than
Imitation goods. They fall far short of
the standard In appearance and tone,
even when new, and after a few years'"
use they become a positive detriment to
a home. Yet to find a low priced piano
of quality Is a difficult problem that many
homes must solve. With an experience
of twenty years to guide us we are able
to offer very unusual piano Qualities at
low prices. Ix>ok at our leaders at $133,
H58, $162 and J1S5. Then at $200, J225 and
upward— exhibits of pianos that any one
might be proud of. They are all offered
"very easy payments.
Also cote that this week a limited num-
ber of pianos returned from rental go on
sale. Borne of these Instruments are EUb-
gtantlally new and all are marked so
low aa to be genuine bargains.
Also second-hand pianos taken, in ex-
change. These are offered between $75
and {ISO each, and then the prospective
buyer must take Into consideration, that
this Includes the outlay we have made
tor repairs.
Several new IvimbaJl, Decker and Haz-
«ltons of last year's styles that are
changed somewhat this year are offered
at a heavy bona fide reduction to close
oot at once. This Is an opportunity for
persons wishing to place several hundred
dollars in a most judicious investment-
Used pianos taken in exchange. Chiek-
ericg upright 5225, plain rosewood Crown
*iprigiit $215, Weser uprlgrht. up-to-date,
SLS5, Emerson upright $1G5, and many oth-
ers. Very handsome large size Kimball
•upright at the remarkable price of $300.
A very fine Hazelton baby grand as good
as new, returned from loan to an artist,
$635. Beautiful special style Decker up-
right, mottled walnut case, carved panels,
$275. Beautiful new mahogany Schumann
upright, slightly marred in transit, will
be cacriSced at $190. Kimball, Decker
and Lester uprights having had some use
at $250, $300 and upward.
A score of second-hand square pianos at
from $23 to $T5 each— will be put In good
repair.
Visitors are cordially welcomed In our
salesrooms from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. Groups
of piano customers will always be found
upon our floor but we have ample facil-
ities and such a large corps of salesmen
that we can sell a dozen different instru-
ments simultaneously without the least
delay.
EASY PAYMENTS— Pianos may
ba secured on small first payment,
the remainder on easy monthly pay-
ments. No advance in prices when
easy terms are desired. Pianos of
all descriptions Included in this
offer.
Buyers at a distance should write for
special bargain list of pianos. We ship
pianos everywhere. Inexpensive pianos
bought from us may be exchanged later
toward purchase of a Kimball, Hazel-
ton, Decker or Lester.
Isew pianos to rent from $3.50 upward.
One year's rent allowed If purchased.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO.,
653 Market St.,
' BAX FRAXCISCO, CAI*
Otkt* Item— 8aennent», Portland *cd Spokut.
GENUINE
cufl " iii>^^ Qin
sir^iNS^sio
Delivered to consumers In San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda by all coal dealers.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
*> — O
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— if you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. .MARTY, Man'f'p,
826 Howard St., 6. F.
'» -O
gii^ WONG WOO,
: ..Ky CHINESE TEA AND KERB
: \El ¥ ¦ SANITARIUM.
. J|ggK 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
WPi3i$MVSr A LL DISEASES CURED
'B'tXIkijIji** rV exclusively by Chinese
berb*, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
S:£0 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 8 and 7 to 9 p. m.
The Weekly Call.
16 Pages. $1 per YearMachinery is on the ground at Plcacho, Cal..
for the erection of the largest cyanide plant ln
the country. When completed it will be cap
able of treating 1000 tons of ore daily. Thli
plant is being Installed by the California King
Gold Mining Company, of which Senator John
F. Jones Is president. The company has fif
teen clairr.a at Picacho, "the ledgea bearing
paying ere from the rraas roots, it is a low
grade uropositlon, the values averaging 15 a
ton. The company has under construction a
narrow-gauge railway running from the mine
to the mill site, a distance of elx miles. The
steam engines, together with forty car* are at
tond, and bcth railroad and plant will be
ready for business in August. J. E. Ridge
way Jr. has been appointed assistant manager
i?^T* ° f J - B - Landfleid Jr.. recently re-
V a .1 d An<5y Trumbo has been made fore
man of the cyanide department. Ore will be
lJ52j*" he eurface by means of cuti and
*auled directly to the mill for treatment.
US OTHEB CAMPS.
The liedding Free Press says that the
Lnc!e Sam gold mine near Kennett has
been leased on a working bond to tfie
Trinity Copper Company.
Many miliB that were shut down three
v;etks on the mother lode by reason of
the accident to the works of the Tuol
umne County Power Company have re
sumed. The Pioneer-Lynn Company has
taken charge of the Clio min'e ln Tuol
umne County.
May was the banner month in tfie
CnppJe Creek district, the output being
The What Cheer mine ln Calaveras
County will resume. It was been shut
down about fourteen years. The Cala
veras mine has been unwatered and soon
will be working again.
The Los Angeles Herald cays:
PBOFITS ARE POSSIBLE.
Therefore, from actual results so far obtain
ed. It is evident that many low grade propo
sitions, which formerly could, not be touched
will now yield handsome profits, and as both
sulphide arid oxidized ores can be worked with
facility and economy, many of these mines now
being reopened will give handsome returns
Prominent mining men from all over the
coast are constantly looking over the old Hav
ilah hills lately, and experienced and conserva
tive ones among them are taking hold of these
properties which were, thirty years ago, good
producers. Others are developing large' veins
carrying low grade sulphide ores right at the
very outcrop.
The development work now being done at
Havilah is up to date and effective and on the
good and solid basis of going in to produce bul
lion, and opening up for future permanent
work. The men ln charge of the work are of
high ability and long practical experience.
Among the principal mining enterprises
in the Haviland district are the Big Four
Company's tunnel, about half a mile
north from Havilah; the Golden Eagle
Mining Company's tunnel. In the vicinity
of Rand Hill; the McKidney mine, which
will be immediately reopened; the War
rington Company plant; the Friday mine,
which has recently been reopened; the
King Solomon or Morning Glory plant,
near Havilah; the Lady Belle mine, near
Kernvllle. A cheap power supply will
soon be added to Havilah district through
the construction of a canal.
The result was thai through coarse crushing
end a very even distribution of the pulp in the
tanks the mechanical difficulties • were soon
overcome; also, through proper neutralization
of the acids in the ores and the proper strength
of solutions used, the chemical problems were
satisfactorily solved, and the plant now proved
a. treat success.
Since then many thousands of dollars
have been produced from the Warrington
tailings and the yield has been as high as
1 of th * assays value of the
ores, with a total expense of less than $1
per ton. Many exhaustive tests have been
made upon the ores from the Sumner and
Lacy BeJe mines at Kernville and the
conclusion has been reached that all ores
in the Havilah and surrounding districts
Zt V tt e treat^ ** cheaply and effectively
by the cyanide process and that about
40 per cent of the additional gross output
may be expected in future operations from
nearly all the ores over the early day
production from amalgamation alone and
expense* C ° Et ° f IeSS "^ * addI «°nal
Continuing the correspondent says: '
tn l l J^ no T th< * lnj P r «**on of well posted mln
0 " °t the profits of the mines
teiwiZ? ln lhi , s «" hole vicinity will be
cemed from the .cyanide process. Just as It
TrtnsvI^L'T,'; Wlth the Rand »"th"
Transiao.!, and it is an interesting fact thai
the percentage in free or amalgalnabio g£ld
? .J- h %, P e J cer - ta Ee produced by cyanidatlon
at the Estnd mines and the mines ln this vi
cinity show almost the same proportion.
DIFFICTJIiTIES SOLVED.
Several years after the first experiments
With the cyanlfie process at Havilah two cya
ruGe plants were built for the purpose of work
ing ialUng*- jd!rect from the stamps — an 8-ton
plant' at the Dnnmore Company's mill and a
£0-ton plant at the Warrington mill. At both
Plants so many difficulties were In the begin
ning met with, chiefly mechanical ones, that
the whole undertaking threatened to prov* a
failure until, through a change In the manage
ment of the Warrington mine, the cyanide
plant was entirely remodeled and suited to the
requirements of the ores to be treated. This
charge was brought about by G. E. Thede the
present superintendent, who had previously
tcacie exhaustive tests upon this subject.
Had the tailings, which were In early days ao
thoughtlessly wasted, been at hand, more
than enough money could have been gt>t In
clear profit from them to reopen every mine in
the camp in good shape. It was, however, be
lieved, tnat tailings fresh from the stamps
could also be worked as well as these old tail
ings which, it was true, had had ample time to
become oxidized while lying under atmospheric
influences. This, however, remained to be
proven.
The cold was lost and ran down the
rt^ep gulches, never more to be redeemed.
The sulphide ores, which were really the
richer, were accordingly put aside and
enly the decomposed ores went through
the mills. Where sulphide ores were
taken out from the mines they were,
shortsightedly, thrown out on the dumps.
r*o attempts were made to save the tail
ings, although it was known that they
sail retained high values. Several mills
were destroyed by fire and soon the mines
were abandoned. Gradually they were
allowed to cave In and there appeared
then to be little inducement for any one
to reopen them. In the relapse of twenty
five years the difficulty of enlisting cap
ital in the mines became constantly great
er. How daylight finally dawned on the
camp is told by a correspondent He
Eay8:
Daylight canse through the eplendid results
obtained In other localities by the cyanide pro
cess. As early as 1892 Messrs. Stebbins ' and
Porter began experiments upon small lota of
tailings at Havliah and were finally successful
in extracting as high as 91 per cent of the pre
cious metals from the ores. Tailings assayed
$15, $20 and up to $48. The tailings were soon.
exhausted The results that were accomplish
ed attracted much attention on the part of the
minir.g men.
THE GOLD B.JJTNS AWAY.
The cyanide treatment of gold ores In
Ivern County forms an lnteresUng chap
ter In the history of mining In Califor
nia. Havilah is about twenty-five miles
from Caliente station on the Southern Pa
cific lane, and is reached by a good wagoa
road. Havilah was once a prosperous
mining camp and was the county seat in
tne 60s, and was an ideal poor man's
camp, as the surface ores were of high
grade and were easily reduced. For years
eoveral large and small 6tamp mills were
running at Havilah and fortunes were
ttade there by small and large operators
alike.
The period came, as to other camps,
when the soft, decomposed surface ores
became more or less exhausted and hard
ground and water were struck, together
with sulphide ores, from which latter
there was then no feasible process in
sight to extract the bullion. Grinding in
pjtns, with mercury, proved to be unsatis
factory. Many mines had to be aban
doned. The rich sulphide ores were con
sidered a great detriment In places where
they were mixed with decomposed ores In
the mines, as expense had to be in
curred both together and then in sorting
the sulphide ores in order to mill the
oecomposed ores alone. Many attempts
were made to mill both eorta of ores to
gether, but failure was the result.
Modern Process Promises
New Life to Old-Time
Camps.; ¦•/•'
Large Values Are Saved
. That Were Long
Abandoned.
CYANIDING KERM
COUNTY'S ORE
THE SAN FEMCISCO'CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15 j 1902.
27
"Whilst it is tr.ue that we are not "in.
business for our health," It Is true that
we axe "ln business for your health."
We afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives in our valleys, our foothills, our
* mountain ranges and canyons, along our
streams and on the shores of our lakes.
Visit him. The expense is not great,
which you will learn by reading
"VACATION, 1902."
This little book, "Vacation, 1902," Issued
by the California Northwestern Bail-
way Company, gives complete Informa-
tion fox; any kind of an outing.
To be had at Ticket offices of company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building),,
anfl Tlburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sansome and California streets. Call or
write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
MEDICAL SP INGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee "f or all 'skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints.- Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from Uklah.
Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co., Cal. •
Main office and water depot. 916 Market
street, room C4, city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
V THE seaside resort of Central California J
I — ' nlar S ed » 5m P r o v ed— perday$i upwards 1
I — fine orchestra — now open, send for I
fl oookiet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briar*. I
|^or cottages, F. Reader, Capitola, CaL J.
HOTEL (H NEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter "resort Table and
service of the beat. W. O. GRAHAM. Prop.
g;|; OCALOMA M £g*
Bert rand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear VaUey.
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m. '
TURNBACK :: elevation 2553 ft.;
INN, :: most elegantly ap-
Timi IIMNR :: Panted hotel in -the
lUULUmiND, :: mountains; stop here
CAL. ; : on your way to or
. ' • '• from Yosemlte Valley
HOTEL BON- AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVK A WIFE. . (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVE? HOTEL. .
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grov«";
new management; all refitted.- Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager, Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE L^KE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. 11. CLEMON3.
Truckee. Cal. . ' ' ' :
WHITE SULP HUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2Vi hours; 3 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia; eczema, kidney, liver,- stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. (10 a week and up. Fre«
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERQ • 1 C ¦
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. "Inquire- of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop.. Oakvllle, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade,; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery . stable. Carriaga
meets all trains. Board, including baths. |3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. CaL .' ¦¦ - '- '
For rest and hearth in THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on U. P. R. R Elevation Just right —
2li 0 ft. — 136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send tor
booklet Orchard Springs, CoUax. Cal
THE CEYSE^S.
(Sonoma County). New .-management; rooms
plastered and. hard finished; new • furniture;
new, private bathhouse: ¦ hunting, fishing year
round ; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
NEVADA CITY.
The land of mines, pines ana sunshine. •. Na-
tional Hotel and .Annex. - Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, pine groves, famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodations. - Reasonable
rates.*
ALL ATTRACTIONS
, For the summer the. Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions -at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
, pleasure "of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
jolf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all ~ the time.
Automobile coaching* from the hotel
throughout the valley. • ' ¦'
GEORGE P. SNELL. Manager. ¦
HOTEL VtiNDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASOIBLESH
r. An j Nature's own selec-
rllR tlon for a health and
JL VfJiV pleasure resort be-
__' . __—_,_ cause of the curatlra
HF A I TH properties of Its mud
. llJLx\jLiXll . and rulphur baths for
rheumatism, lnsom-
A KTT\ nla - gout, neuralgia,
A|\|1J liver.kldney and blood
- "**""^ diseases. Has • every
|\f T3'A CTTTVT2 natural advantage for
LJI P A.llyUr pleasure, scenic beau.
JfJLjJLiX-lkJ V/KA-. y anrt ba i m y climate.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F n Agt
DR C C <~> DO>NELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
Borton the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung, disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world: 46
miles from. S. F. The S. T. "ft. R. and 8. F.
& N. P. R. R- give special rates to campers;
80 cottaces and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boata and bathing free. Meals served on
the grourtds at reasonable rates. Inquire ot
DR C. C O'DONNELL. office 1021^ Market
St.. 'bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
PAR AISO SPRINGS.
Tho leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to ,F. W.
SCHROEDER, Mgr.. or call at City Agent. 11
Montgomery st. . '
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) 7 a.m. Ar.Tahoe City S a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe Tavern
Lv.TnhoeCity(Stearaer)9a.m. ArTahoeCity5pm.
Supper et Tahoe Tavern
LvTaboeClty(Rgll)6:30p.m. Ar.Truckec7 :20p.m.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOti.
"NOT BETTER THAN. THE BEST, BUT
BKTTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Bald
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
If you want to. '
For folder giving full description- call at the
S P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITY,
CAL.
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new. amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallac. CaL
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriDtlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market st.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1. •
To avoid disagreeable waiting narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLY-HO .
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
Glenbrook. Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open June 15. Connections by stage dally
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Me-
Klnneys. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
/tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10. $12, $14 per week Postoffice, teL
A. L. Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER P'RK INN AND COTTACES.
0 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
TMHO*- INN,.
Tahoe City, one mile from New Hotel. Now
open. Write for terms., MRS. VADE BRTSON.
prop. - • ¦ ¦
TRUCKEE RIVER COUNT o R iX B :
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled; fish hatchery. Second season.
Bend for booklet. W. C. Foulks, . Verdi, Nev.
HIGH1A1 SPBINGS
ALWAYS OPEN
The famous health and pleasure resort • of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al
ley. Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
to Mountains or Valley. .
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person ln room, "small hotel". .$10 per week,
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" . . . .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
_ $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....' . : .
_ .$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office.
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
1902.
Our famous band of 25 musicians, including
tho great cornet soloist, CHARLES SFREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. 18. Phenom-
enal fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens,' Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and ln all
respects up to date.
GOLF, TENNIS. DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full Information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU
BANNING CO.. 11 Montgomery st.. 8. F
222 S. Spring st.. Los Ang'elea. Cal.
Ol/ Jl OHO / ? 0T SPRINGS. 6ONO-
0K/lhu0 MA CO UNTY; only 4*fi
Vfin WU hours from San Fran-
Cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues'
best natural hot mineral water bath ln State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek-
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a, m
or 3:30 p. rn. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. . References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau
II Montgomery et. ; also "at Traveler office 20
Montgomery St., or- of J. F. MULGREW
Skaggs, Cal. '
LADIES' MINSTRELS, •'
Wednesday, Uth of June. - ¦
In preparation:
THE BABES IU THE WOODS
LIVING EUCHRE.
A booklet to your address.
EDW. L. SANFORD. Manager.
HI! nflV ot s P rfn *» 'or health and
III U'l V p« asu re. for rheumatism,
11 I 1 II ' * I - kldney . »ver and stomach
Ulbll 0 trouble. Water stands un-
_ surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. Long distance telephone. Trains from
Third and Townsend 0 a. m.. 2:45 p. m For
pamphlets address R.- ROBERTSON.
BLACK ROCK RAMIE
Resort Altitude 3000 feet. 10,400 acres' rich
In game. Hunting reserved fir guests 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides? livery saddle
and ' pack horses. Mineral springs. ; Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodations $8 to
$10 per week. Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY, Laytonville, Mendo-
clno County. Cal. .
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round triD
$1 10. Telephoned many improvements: S12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor
Agua Caliente, Cal. '.
Si-IGLER SPRIKGSss «s£
- & mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing Ping
Pong; $8 td $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Selgler Springs, Lake Co.. H. McGOWAN. prop.
LAUREL DELL,
The' Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room; new myrtle cottage; hunting, boating
bathing, • toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling
etc.; free teams to our mineral springs, 15
kinds. E. Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal.
MT. VEEDER FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dres8_£. E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
OCEAN VILLA,
.-.<', . SANTA CRUZ. '•' .
Large grounds. Boating and bathing freo
Free bus. Bend , for circular. C." M. CLARK.
M/VTEfc» & HARRIS .
TENTS/ HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE. - '
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.'
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY. CAL.
For health and pleasure go to- Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Addres-s : •
. DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
BARlLETT SPRiNGS
Here is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
PATl-S Hotel $10 to $15 per week. Honsa-
RAl L J. keepitg Cottages $3 to U5 per week. 1
Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water, Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massaglstf, Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and' Fishing;
Ehady Drives and Walks. • '
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.," Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
O- 1
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May, 1901 .80
Arrivals. May. 1902 ...;.... 202
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
XI Montgomery Bt.
YOSEMITE.
fayron Jiot Springs
4mr CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL. •
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R.. 9 a. m.,
6 p. m. ; no staging. • Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO.. 86 Geary St.. city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO,— Running directly through the Tuolumns
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day. arriving at Tosemlte Valley
6 p. m. 6end for illustrated folder. - WM. J.
WHITE Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market Bt.. opposits
Palace Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
A ¦•¦-"•" 1 1 I Napa County. The most
V + U Q I Q n Q charming spot ln Calif or- ,
Uli [i If ill II fl nla - Ideal fora summer
«#ti nvriuiiu vacat i on . Drives '-over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. ' Good hctels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2.50. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. . ¦ .¦ ' .-
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES I
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis - court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for. new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlak<*
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st. j
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer r*Bort. Purest of spring water. Horns
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal. *
' *v J In the heart of the Santa
KnW^TflCHTldIl Cniz Mountains, yet
for a daily «alt water «wim. Redwoods and sea breezet
—a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
.Peek's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
8. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, CaL
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel ln Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery;- pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN Proprietor.' Duncans Mills, • Cal. For
Information and rates . inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st., or write R. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. ".
OWN A HOME^x^CAMP MfcEKER
¦ Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up.- Boating, " bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot,' store." postoftlce. 'Sausalito ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
m«~»t fL Continuous
m^T^O. ¦ Wetter
*— rm i\j ¦ xteporu
JY\FkTE,O, ftn(1 .
C3 f^. 1— To-morrow.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort ln the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sport*;, table unsur-_
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN", Manager.
DUNCAn SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; houeekeeplng cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
WHITE COTTACES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did 'camping grounds; $S per week. : Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal. '
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Sisson. Address H. McGulnness, Prop. .
EL MOJtfTE HOTEI*. Sisson, Cal. Expe-
rienced guides at hotel.
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallao. Rates,
$2 per day, $9 per week; meals, 60c; 'good sad-'
die horses and the best of livery; boats. free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,'
Tallao P. P.. Cal. ..-'¦¦'
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St., or
It. R. office, 650 ' Market, or John Martens,
Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta. highest point ln Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Eat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. I Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going • elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate, Placer County, • Cal. .
nmONG THE PINES.
Altitude -2024 feet; plenty of cream, fruit, etc;
near. P. O. ; home cooking; L. D. phone;- no
consumptives. Address ROBERT F. WARHAM,
Applegate. Placer County. California.
TROUT FISHINC.
Best in State at BOCA,. CAL.
For Information address Boca Hotel Boca.
Nev. Co.. Cal.. on X^WCKBE RIVER."
Adams !
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL. £J
For stomach, liver and kidney troubl*«—
positive enre for constipation. New kltchea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortens la and assistants.'
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Flv* new
houses. Room for all. We have more testi-
monials from people cored than all other;
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed matter
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 20 Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHEB.
Adams Springs. '
7. /'¦¦
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Miia
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camoua Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opena June 1st. ..
LYTTON SPRINGS.]
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.'
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.'
Tlburon ferry. 7:30 a. m.. 3:3f» p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Pbon»
Sutler 2371. 11 Montgomery st. or A. V,
MORSE, Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business, i Rates, $9 to 314 per week. . • ¦
SO ID COrllOR'l HOflE ESSg T &%
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-,
chard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths. Spring*
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stag*
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. CaL
f AMP TAYI .U HOTEL, camp cottage.
WAiTir lAlLuK and grounds, prlvata pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-'
Ing. telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRLVG4
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs. v
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakepori
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. I*ave Hooland at 12:30; arrlv* at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with all th«
most moders improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Ticket* can b*
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 630 Mar-
ket at., or at Tlburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
VCHY SPHINGS— 3 miles fnim Uklah.
Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place ln thu world of
this class of waters having continuous tUyw ot
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, flahlng hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations;' table first-class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.
D I CH ARDSON'S SPRTNGS — T • n
Iv miles from Chieo, CaL Noted for being a
sure corn for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hoter and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chlco. CaU >;
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable la Laic*
Co.; contain sulphur.' Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. 3. P. ofSca.
$8. J. A. HAY9. Prop.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cru* Mts^
Among the grand old trees; board J8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 SO. Call at
Travelers' Bureau, 20 Montgomery St.. or ad-
dress M. S. COX, Laurel. Santa Crux Co.-
THE PURISSIM A HOUSE— Near tha
ocean. Fishinsr, only Mt. trout stream ln
county. Long distance phone. $2 per day. C.
P. MOSCONI, Prop., Purisslma, San Mateo
Co., Cal.
MT. BAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS 1
homelike resort is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 0 miles from Capltola. Good
table board hunting and flshins. Address B.
D. WEBB, Sequel. Cal. -
Mountain View Ranch— Hotel, cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dally
mail; campers to Glen wood, including carriage.
$3 75 round trip. F. R. DANN, Santa Crua.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort ln Sonoma County. Open all year
round. Rates, $8 to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HAWE3. Santa Rosa.
WILLOW RANCH — Quiet foothill ranch, 0
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful horn*
In redwoods; abundant fruit; good table; $S 50
per wk. MR3. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Crnz.
ANNAIjAT.E FARM. SANTA CRU3
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to 1st, for-.
nlshed or unfurnished for housekeeping. ' EC
J. EEEGELKEN. Los Qatoa Postofflce CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Sao
Jose, Cal. — One of tha best equipped on tin
coast. Every variety of water treatment, eleo-
tridty, massage. X-ray. Wfrtta for literature.
BELLEVXJE j HOTEL — El Verano, Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 09 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouallnardou, Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rm*.j
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates ta
families. Information at II Montgomery at.
. Free bus. Long dlst. phone. Fred Barson, Prop.
rNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazader*.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, )10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING, Cazadero. ;
ISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-'
tlculars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery st., or MRS. L. M. SISSON. SiSFon. Cat
BERGHEIM — Two mflea from Los Gatos.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatos, Cal.
$80O— Sta. Cruz sottage; T r.; nr. beach, depot;
BO ft. HATE3, cor. Greenwich and Hyde.
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIE3.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through th«
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward' 9. Wurr*s,
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City. 9 a. m. train. 34
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jos*.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. CaL
VIC.X G CT1DI M C Uklah. Tourists, camp-
LAULC MAdLO ers. hunters. Write ta
H. A, Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO — San Mateo and Psscadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorio, daily all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& <:15 p. m,
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WU>
11 ts — Tourists, campers, hunters, ¦ writ* J.
H. Smith. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. Wllllts. for
any kind of turnout. .»
GILROY Fashion Livery; good service; . reaa.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock;
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stables.. St/1-
tsh rigs. Reasonable prices. . .
WeeMy Gall $L00 B8T Year
I CORGNADO TENT CITY
8 CToronacio Beach, Cal. \
§ BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, I
» GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, !
8 PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING J
Q and all other amusements,, with one of the finest bands in tha .West and several Una 9
Q orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing. p
S j Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on «ale oti . i
« Atchlson. Topeka & Santa F« Ry. Co., 641 Market St....... ....f24.50 t
K Southern Pacific Ry. Co., 613 Market Bt $24.50 %
g J Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St............... f23.OO S
» Including berth and meals. • . , ; J
tt Ground and water rent free for one mon.h with above tickets. f
ft Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets i,
Q over the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not §
8 charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this, h
g as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer ot $
W 150 pounds of baggage. ' t c
8 Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion \
O . tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes freo £
S * use oi water. . '>• , •¦' ¦•. ]"¦; ' - ; ?
S Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following h
« prices per week (for the month of June 50 per cent discount)* ¦¦•J A. j J
W Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress. $125; cot, single. 25e; «prln« p
Q cot, double, "60c; mattress, single, 28c; mattress, double, 60c; pillows, 25c; blankets h
Q . 25c; comforters, 25c; table, 25c; campstool, 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 80c; S
CD gasoline stoves, 50o; oil stoves, 25c; washstands, complete, 85c; cooking utensils for ft
iJ three persons. 75c; lamp, with oil. 25c. - £
Q Prices per, month double the weekly rates. J
Q Furnished tent for one Derson. $12 per month. For two persons, $20. and each £
Q -additional person $5 per month. Furnished tent' comprises beds, bedding, -tables, !?
o wash stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, clean linen, , towels, water, daily care 'J
«; of tent and laundry of tent Hnen. Tents "electric lighted. Perfect seweraxe. ' ;r
« For pamphlets and full particulars call on : - I 3
I PECK'S TOURIST tUREAU, II Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| a dV iflv ; |
When I've j
Cured You
DR. 0- 0. J08LEN. j
Leading Specialist. J a
Who call upon me ln consultation some- I
times express doubt as to' my ability to I
effect a permanent cure. • Some say, I
"I've ©aid half a ¦ dozen doctors for P
cures that I never received." PAY MB LI
WHEN I'VE CURED YOU is the H
straightforward, definite and business- [j
like proposition I make to every afflict- f
ed man. . 14
' "Weakness" |
If other physicians have treated you H
for so-called "weakness" you were H
helped only temporarily. If at all and B
the reason Is very apparent when the f
cause of loss of- power ln man is Un-
derstood. "Weakness" Isn't a weak-'
ness at all. but Is merely a symptom
of chronic Inflammation ln the prostate r
gland, brought on by early dissipation
or some contracted disorder. My sys-
tem of local treatment removes this in-
flammation, and Is the only treatment
that has ever or ever can permanently
restore strength and vigor.
Vnrfr»Ar»f>1f>
Many who are but slightly afflicted
with varicocele believe that the trouble
Is of little consequence. The opposite is I
true. Varicocele is a disease of a pro- 1
gxesslve nature. As it advances, nerv- I
ous complications come, power dlmin- I
ishes. and the general health is im- L
paired. I cure varicocele ln nve days, I
without the use of knife, llrature or I
caustic, without nain. and without de- E
tention from business. I
Contracted Disorders f
Every case of contracted disease I I
treat Is thoroughly cured. My patients t
have no relapses. When I pronounce a t
case cured there is not a particle of in- {
fectlon or inflammation remaining, and I
there Is not the slightest danger that I
the disease will return ln Its original I
form or work its way Into the general I
system. No contracted disorder Is so t
trivial as to Warrant uncertain methods I
of treatment.' and I especially solicit E
those cases that other doctors have been I
unable to cur*. ... I
Specific Blood Poison.
To men who' for years have been dosed
*wlth dangerous mineral poisons ln an
(endeavor to keep this hideous leprosy
«lormant, my statement that I positive-
ly drive the very last taint of virus
ifrom the system may seem like an ex-
aggeration. But I accomplish Just this, i
and without the use of dangerous drugs.
My. treatment for contagious blood
.poison thoroughly cleanses the entire '¦
fystem ln a remarkably short time,
and every trace and symptom disap-
pears forever. '
Write for my pamphlet. "Live -All
Tour Years a Man," mailed free. Con-
sultation free at office or br mall.
Correspondence Is always returned on •
request. V
DR 0. C. JOSLEN
J049 Market Street, |
Diagonally Opposite the Hlbernia Bank. H
i ¦
drunkards
Cured Secretly
Any Lady Can do it at Home— Costs
frothing to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which ran be (riven ln tea,
eollee or food. Heart Ut endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance workers. It does Its work so filently and'
eureiy tbat while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
loolo on, the drunkard is reclaimed even against his wlil
and without his knowledge. Send your name and address
to Dr. J. W. Halnes, 3349 Glenn P. Id it.. Cincinnati, O., and
be. will mail a trial package of ftniden SpeciSe free to
Show how easily it Is to cure 1— r s with this remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale ln Ban Francisco by J. R. . Gates & Co.,
417 Sansome st.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
\ HUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A C& 1051 KilZlTCT. bit. 6di«7ti,S.r.Cil.i
T Of The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
m ,_jVr~» World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
" BC^E^fl ««» ie p»«ltl»*ly cared by the oldest Y
0 /Erf I S>P e ci»liit on the Coast Est 36 years. ©
1 $|3|£ I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN /)
\ ifftj^H Consultation free and ttrirtly prlrate. \
A I T*«£ H Treatment personally or by letter. A A
W B HT <n M JParitive Cure in every case undertaken. Y
A P 11 lA Write for Book. FRILamOPBYef A
fl* 1 BiHRIACK, MAILED FR*E. (AT
A O Ur *Aluable book for mrn) \
9 DB.. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. V
g THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfllTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitfa
" u " ' " Echool will be open to summer
MENLO quests during: June and July.
1 lui^uv Bupertor climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
' mmm dres* IRA G. HOITT.
*¦•¦ HOITT'S SCHOOL
nror boys) Menlo Park, Ban Mateo County. Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
SrSSfverrity or for business^ Send fo.^illus-
trated catalog. IRA O. HOITT, g^g^
KUAMATH HOT SPR'NCS.
Finest flshins;, bunting and health resort on
?h-V^^t. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
SftSw ana *2 60P& day; $10 to $14 per
Stiv Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.,
or addWsEDSON BROS.. Beswick. Sl.kiyou
County. Cal. — V
mtfiororj^ Among the Pine Mountains.
HUD*-"" «-' California's choicest climate,
•n,- niace to enjoy the country. Bowling. »wlm-
croquet hunting, fishing and the best of
m^fs Bates $8 per week. For further infor-
Srtion inaulre 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg's,
£SL CwnSr MRS. M? HOBERG. Prop.necessary expense to the city and the tax
payerls forced to stand the expense. - .
NEW YORK, June 14,— The following
Calif orniaris have arrived: San Francisco
— F. Kennedy, at the St. George; Mrs. M.
Shepard, at the Victoria; S. Bessinger,
at the Hoffman; Dr. E. W. Thomas, at
the Broadway Central. «-
Los 'Angeles— J. G. Clapp and A. French,
at the Gllsey.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
Beklna Van & Storage Co. calls for house
hold goods, .pack and ship. 630 Market st. •
I ~"Ave Maria" (Lejeal) ; anthem,. "The Souls of
the Righteous" (Sabln); "O Salutaris" (Leech
man); 1 ¦ Tantum Ergo (Pratt); "Hear My
Prayer"; "Avw Maria"; Anthem and Festival
Hosanna (Howe); organ numbers. Sonata, C
Minor (Mendelssohn ; offertolre, "St. Cecilia"
(Battlste); postlude In F (Howe). Members of
the solo choir are: Misses Lillian L. Roeder,
Gertrude Hopkins, Ella V. McCloskey, Mrs. H.
Clark, Messrs. F. Onslow, G. M. Long, Ernest
George and G. R. Bird. J. Hamilton Howe,
organist and director. St. Dominic's Junior
Choir will assist.
i The regular monthly sacred song v ser
vice by. the choir of St. Dominic's Church
this evening will ¦ Include . works 1 by- local
composers. The programme is as follows:
St. Dominic's Musicale.
i We are selling agents for the Waterman
Ideal and the Swan fountain' pens,. 'and
sole agents for. the Marshall, the best $1
pen In the world. : Sanborn,- Vail & Co.,
741. Market st. - - . '.' ,-. •;- . . •
Fountain - Pens.
'¦ Hardyt Downing, >.the bi
cyclist, and. racer» wjll J'loo^ the loop" on
hlsriyheel "jf or the ? first; time In San r Fran
cisco this afternoon at the Chutes. The
actwillbe"" thrilling In" the" extreme to the
spectator, who sees only a rider on. an
ordinary wheel shoot • down ¦ an incline- 130
feet long .and falling fifty feet in the dis
tance,, on a track only one foot wide,
make 'the round - of, a -big wooden • wheel
ninety feet in circumference and glide
easily up a second incline. The feat is
accomplished 1 in less % than ten seconds;
| Downing has just concluded'a~succeBS
ful ¦ engagement in Los Angeles and -will
appear every afternoon and evening at
the Chutes .for a short time".
ternoondn Daring Act at Popu-
J -> '-¦•¦lar^Pleasurs Grounds.; :^, 'Z\:
Clever Bicyclist to Appear^TMsTAf-
DOWNING* ISTOj'.'LOOP
- THE LOOP" AT CHUTES
Special/Sale.
I The;sale of elegantly, trimmed hats" for
$5.00 commences .at ' Mrs. J. Coughlan's,
919 Market street, Monday, June 16. • .-'
; There Is no longer the great lack of cars
and the consequent disappointment!! that- met
operators In local oil- fields .from '.th« Inception
of the Industry ud to a- short time ago. Th«
railroads i have • at ilast caught up i with, the
necessities ;of the: Droducers;-and'. all.Tcaa^'be
served promeptly by signify inc a desire. Along
this particular line- the' conditions are' now
about • perfect. . • ' .. - . - - - , : : . . ¦ .-. • •
The ¦ shortage of cars to move oil,
which was a source -of complaint and in
convenience some .months ago, has been
done away withr The Bakersfleld ;Cali
fornlan eays: \ \ . ; , ' r • .'.;!; :.
1 The largest- of all the oil moving prop
ositions - is that of the Standard Oil Com
pany. -In an. Interview, one of the leading
men In tho>matter of constructing the
pipe' line from Bakersfleld to San Fran
cisco says that the -line will, probably be
completed about' Christmas Itime. In the
meantime there is a proposition- on foot
for the construction of ¦ a pipe line, from
the-Fullerton'-- field to Los. Angeles, ¦ tho
present purpose of .which, would •¦; be to
carry natural gas from the Fullerton, but
which ; might at any time later ' be used
for the. moving of oil. Various short
pipe lines .to connect .the properties of
producing, companies ¦ with the railroads
are : proposed. -A rumor < that the Asso
ciated Oil Company has in view the con
struction-of a .pipe line to San Francisco
Bayin.the near future Is pronounced at
the offices 1 of that combine in this city,
not: to be, based on fact. . t . T
--The Santa Fe- and, the Southern' Pacific, are
known; to have had In view for some months
the bulldlnjc Kof a "connection, between Sunset
and i McKlttrlck • through- Midway Valley, - but
there -was no discernible reason why It should
tie ¦ constructed": at I once. ' Latterly, '•however,
there.- has been a most insistent spur to, their
intentions- ln\ the form of the designs of the
Murray and the McDonald and it is said that
they. .wllV ¦oon.'have a belt line under way.
This line will approach, the Midway belt on the
west side 1 of- the valley, at all points near- the
base ot.the.hilla. this being a most feasible
and" Inexpensive- route and servlne ¦ well the
purpose of • the. operators in the district as tho
distance .from, the demonstrated field is not
greater than. a mile or two and the fall being
everywhere ' sufficient to . allow the oil to be
sent down to loading racks by - the . f orc« of
.eravity: alone. . ,, v-;,- -',¦ ¦ . ' . - ?
The ¦ Bakersfleld Calif ornlan ' says :
Oil has been struck in the Devil's Den
couDtry. According to the papers pub
lished in the oil sections the Devil's Den
Consolidated Oil Company struck 'oil at
425 feet and again- at -700- feet— This 4s.no
surprise to many operators-. In fact re
cent discoveries' lead to. the conclusion
that-, the real, extent of -the .,'oif deposits
of California: has ' only been . guessed", at.
Prior \ to the exploitation* of -.the Western
Union people lnthe Carreaga district, the
presence of "oil 'there lri'paylng quantities
was unknown. " It . is not' long ' since the
greatest of all districts in - the- State,
namely, .the . Kern ; River . territory, .'. was
unknown. is, however, an advance
ih'the demand for oil that. Is sure to keep
paceiwlth' any Increased production that
seems probable,? and this is .the fact that
keeps; the ' producers ; of ¦"'¦ petroleum ; . In
California . in' good 1 spirits for the 'future.'
The: present' Interesting fact .to- those in
terested; iii the development of -the oil in
dustry "is the promise' of 'increased;, fa
cilities"' for transportation in various lo
calities. , .-¦¦;¦ '-.; . '. ;.\ ' ¦ ¦ : ,.. .: - ; . \
¦{ Surveyors for j a •railroad enterprise
have i been : at work at Devil's Den. "R. : E.
Jack", ! the promoter/ tells - ; the "people; that
money. 1 has been- raised for constructing
the- line which will run to Bakersneld,
and. will be soon in construction. '
At the prison last night' Cameron as
serted that he had '.a dispute ovcr.rooma
with the. clerk and that:, the clerk called
him a name that was totally new to him,
but from: the sound of it he Imagined It
must mean something pretty, bad. r"So I
called' 4 him ¦ down,"- said Cameron. "He
came!' but. of 'his cage then and hit mo on
the Jaw, and 'I was compelled to protect
myself." , . '
¦ Cameron was- under the Influence of
liquor- when arrested. His home is In
Memphis; Tenn. , - : : r - < •
I "I shall not prefer any charges against
him unless I am compelled to' do so for
my own safety.' I would rather see him
get out of town." t '„ .
i Cameron waa locked up at the Hall of
Justice and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon.- -Archie Campbell will de
fend the accused man. .. • .
WILL NOT PROSECUTE.
: Cameron • became '.'. very, abusive and
Hawes told him to go to his room and be
have himself; . Cameron dared 1 the clerk
to make him go; tor his' room, so Hawes
jumped over the' counter and led 1 him to
the elevator. 'Hawes says: . •• ¦¦¦ '¦ ' ;
'.'As the offloe' was full of people I Just
fang the elevdtor bell and started- to go
back when . I/skw Cameron pull his gun.
I ducked up. the stairs, which are right
by the elevator fehaft, just in time to es
cape the first' shbt. he took at'me:. As'I
mounted,, the' stairway, he shot -at me
again through the elevator shaft,. but his
hand was. unsteady, - fortunately : for me.
I. ' J. • Mallna, l a guest,' walked up to' the
soldier as he stood with his smoking gun
and made him put it up. Cameron -then
went down stairs to" the' barber-- shopr
where he was arrested by Officer J. E.
Dolan, who had been called by one of the
bellboys. . To the poliqeman Cameron said
he was sorry he had not killed me. ¦
BECOMES ABUSIVE.
A. M. Cameron, a discharged second
lieutenant of the Fifth Cavalry, formerly
of the Manila police, took two shots at
Clerk Fred Hawes of the Winchester Ho
tel last evening. Cameron, who Is 111,
was to have departed on the 8 o'clock
train last night for 'New. Mexico, for his
health.'.: He and J. J. Worley, another
soldier, -engaged a: room at the Winches
ter. They left word for the Pacific Trans
fer Company to \ call 1 for . > their - trunks.
When the expressman arrived Worley's
trunk was J ready, but Cameon ¦ did not
have his trunk packed. The: transfer, man
refused to wait, and when Cameron came
in he, blamed the clerk for his trunk not
getting '¦ off . ¦•¦¦¦¦¦ . ' '¦^ v _ '/ -\~r
He went down to the office and Hawes
asserts the lieutenant told him to- get his
trunk down to the train or he would fix
him. Hawes told Cameron he should have
had his trunk ready in time If he wished
it: to go. ' '¦-:¦. ¦ -., V ¦ : : • " ' '
Work of Constructing New
Pipe and Railroad Lines
to Soon Begin.
h. :.M. Cameron Tries to Kill
Winchester Employe and
Lands in -Jail.
Various Plans- Forming
to Bring the Fuel to
Market.
Discharged Lieutenant
Takes Two Shots at
'Fred Hawes.
MOVING OF OIL
IS LIVE ISSUE
MAKES A TARGET
OF HOTEL CLERK
Assistant City "Attorney George H. Lane
handed his opinion to the Board of Su
pervisors regarding the necessity of pub
lishing bids for the awarding of contracts.
Lane contended that such advertising for
awarding contracts was entirely unneces
sary and not in any way- beneficial. He
further stated that It is a source of un-
Lane Offers His Opinion.
Low prices and good work in making
over furniture and mattresses. Hopke
Bros., 411-413 Powell st. Phone Bush 421. •
A tenement house at 120 William street,
off Post, owned by Miss Lizzie Desmond
of 228 Eleventh street, was badly dam
aged yesterday afternoon by a fire which
started from sparks from the chimney.
The house Is occupied by four tenants,
Mr. August Oudett, Mrs. Sharp, Mrs. Tor
rick, and Mrs. Al Schlube. Most of. the
damage was done to the portion occupied
by .Mrs. Schlube. The damage done to
the house will amount to about $250. The
tenants carried Insurance on their fur
niture, which was somewhat damaged.
Property Damaged by Fire.
A fire broke out at 3 o'clock yesterday
morning, in 'the store at 1521 Polk street
occupied by the Commercial- Art, Com
pany, P. A. Terry, proprietor. " Before the
fire .engines arrived the flames had
reached several sheds In the rear of the
store. The roof of an adjoining building
owned by John Rourke was burned
through before the firemen extinguished
the flames. The stock in Donovan's mil
linery store was damaged by water. The
total loss will not exceed $3000. While the
fire was at its height the Inmates of the
Bradbury Hotel near by were awakened
and weretionsiderably alarmed, but the
hotel was not damaged. * The last spark
was extinguished at 6 a.-m.
¦Aroused From- Slumber
, by an Early Morn
ing Blaze. /
FIRE FRIGHTENS
HOTEL INMATES
Probably more human nature crops" out
at a dog fight than at a prayer meeting;
COL.UMBUS, June 14. — George Goddell j has
been pardoned from the Ohio Penitentiary: by
President Roosevelt. He was sentenced In tho
Indian Territory to serve two sentences often
years each for manslaughter. , ....
VALLEJO. June 14.— After firine three
shots at robbers, a sentry • on guard .in
the vicinity of the stone dock captured a
thief who was looting the navy yard cop
per scrap pile last night. Two men were
engaged in. the thieving but one escaped.
The sentry, Edward Walsh, was promoted
to-day by Captain Myers.
Navy Yard Sentry Captures Thief.
. SAN JOSE, June 14.— The San Jose Auto
mobile Club has been organized with
thirty-five charter members. E. T. Ster
ling was elected president; B. D. Mer
chant, secretary; Frank Coy Kendall;
Harry Bercovlch, Charles Chrisman, E.'T.
Sterling and B. D. Merchant, executive
committee. A week from to-morrow the
club will hold Its first run to Warm
Springs. A clubhouse probably will be
opened.
Automobile Club Formed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June v 14.^
Malcolm P. Anderson, the eldest son of
Professor Melville Best Anderson, the
head of the English department, will leave
the university for Alaska on the City of
Topeka next Sunday. In Alaska Mr. An
derson will Join the Andrew J. Stone ex
pedition and spend the summer collecting
mammals for the American Museum of
Natural IJistory in New York. The party
will be rowed up the Stikine River In
Indian canoes and remain for five months,
thoroughly exploring Alaska. In March,
1903, Mr. Anderson will leave with the
same expedition for a year's scientific:ex
ploration of the Arctic Ocean. The party
will sail up Bering Straits and - spend a
large part of the winter on Herschel Isl
and.
' Alaska Exploring Expedition.
Kansas permits the sale of spirits for
mechanical purposes, and one applicant
writes that be needs "four gallons me
chanically—going to have a barn raisin'."
Word was received last night by W. F.
Whlttler of 2028 Jackson street that Ed
ward L. Maberry, a well-known charac
ter, died at Alhambra, a small town near
Los Angeles. Mr.. . Maberry was well
known in building circles. He has been
connected with W. F. Whlttler In the
Hemet Lime Company at San Jaclnto,
Cal.
Edward L. Maberry Is Dead.
Trapper' s^Dil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, &0c flask. Richard Sc Co., 406 Clay. *
Business men congregate at Cafa Zin
kand for lunch. Good service. • •
People usually live longer In Islands and
small peninsulas than on continents. Bar
badoes, Greece, Madeira and the Shet
lands are all favorable to long life.
Young Men's Institute Councils, Nos. 4,
6, 8, 24 and 47, will hold their annual
outing and excursion at Fernbrook Park
next Thursday, June 19. These councils
represent all flthe members of the institute
in Alameda County and a large number of
residents of this city. . Each council has
appointed a very- energetic committee and
no expense nor labor has been spared; to
make this one of the most successful and
enjoyable outings of the season. More
than 100 valuable prizes will be contested
for in the various races. There will also
be dancing in the pavilion. The boats
will leave the foot of Market street at
9:30 a. m. The train will leave First street
and Broadway, Oakland. -at 10:10 a. in.,
and East Oakland at 10:15 a. m. The ex
cursionists will leave the park at 6 p. m.
on the return trip to this city.
Y. M. I.- Annual Outing.
Mr. Banning refused to issue the com
plaint He believed that, the matter- of
shipboard etiquette was one that lay in
the discretion of Captain Barneson. He.
however, advised the captain to refund
the five days' pay, which the captain did.
John Werner and George Douglass,
members of the crew of the Government
transport Warren, called upon acting
United States Attorney Banning yester
day and asked for a criminal complaint
against Captain Barneson, master of the
transport, for having fined them five
days' pay and Imprisoned them in the
ship's brig for several days as a punish
ment for having refused to salute tho
captain when he came around on inspec
tion duty. The men contended that Cap
tain Barneson was acting only In the
capacity of a civilian and that he was
not entitled to a salute.
They Are Imprisoned in the' Brig for
Refusing to Salute the
Master.
Picetti was a native of Italy, 33 years
of age, and unmarried. He was in the
employment of James Raggl, saloon
keeper at €24 Montgomery street. He was
¦under the influence of liquor when he
•went to bed on Friday night, and it is
fupposed that he carelessly turned on the
pas after having turned it off. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
Federico Picetti, a bartender, residing
at 616B Greenwich street, was asphyxiated
In his bed last Friday night. Shortly after
C o'clock yesterday mortng Mrs. G. Peter
vich, sister of G. de Pole, the landlord,
observed the odor of illuminating gas pro
ceeding from Picetti's room. She hastily
called her brother and they both entered
the room, the key being In the lock out
side, and the door being unlocked. -They
found Picetti in bed dead, with the key
of the gas burner fully open.
Victim to His Own Care
lessness.
Goes to Bed Intoxicated and Palls a
TWO SEAMEN COMPLAIN ' /
OF CAPTAIN BARNESON
BARTENDER PICETT1
TURNS OKT THE GAS
; Allan Pollock,, representing 'the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, was
asked if his company, , which had the
lowest bid, would be willing to accept
the contract of ' lighting the streets for
$255,000. Mr. Pollock desired time to refer
the matter to his directors and the mat
ter was postponed until Monday next.
The cost- of lighting public -.buildings,
gas rated, at 88 cents per, thousand: and'
electricity at the prices bid, would amount
to ""$24,486 96.' Chairman- Wilson- further
said that the- rates offered* in some, in
stances were in excess of the rates'al
lowed to private consumers and ' these
could. not : be adopted, 'as It- would' be in
violation of the charter. ' . .- ; , : '/- . » ; ,:
Supervisor Wilson stated that under the
rates offered, it would cost $258,566 to light
the streets every night In the year. -The
present cost omitting lighting sixty nights
in the year is $227,900.. , -, v - -
The Supervisors' " Committee on - Artifl-;
dal Lights,- composed-of -Messrs. .'.Wilson,'
Loughery and ; McClellan, took up for
consideration yesterday the . bids of , the
gas. and electric I lighting companies . for
providing : lights foi\ streets -" and- public
buildings for the fiscal year ending 5 June
l 1903. The committee agreed- to recom
njend that the* contracts for lighting the
public- buildings of • the city be j awarded
to the Independent Electric Company and
the San Francisco Gas and Electric- Cora-,
pany. - ¦• •; , -. •'¦• • ¦ ." • • ¦ - '¦ - .. ' : '
; The bids submitted on street ; lighting
were: at first rejected, but subsequently,
the committee decided to postpone final
action until next Monday. : ' .
Lighting Bids.
Supervisors Make ."Awards for Public
Buildings and Hold Over Street'.
ILUm.INA.TINQ^ CONTBACTS -
I .1 ARE CONSIDEBED; BY BOARD
The official staff Is composed of: Henry.
P. Barbour, president; M. H. Sherman
and Arthur H. Fleming, vice presidents;'
A. I. Smith, "secretary; Green,
treasurer, and H-. P,; Barbour, M. H. Sher-'
man, E. P. Clark.tGeorgel. Cochran,^Rl
C. Gillis, John ,D. . Pope and ' Arthur ' H.-
Fleming, directors. "- . ' ..<¦ ; , • ¦'-. ,¦'.'.[
j Two, miles of the ; : ocean frontage has
been: procured * by the syndicate, : which
owns about 1000 acres of the choicest resi-:
deiice land.- This tract is to be- made
beautiful, after subdivision into ;: lots of
suitable size, and placed upon the market,
'with.: such building: restrictions' as .will
iiisure • exclusiveness aqd pleasing Im
provements. Rapid transit, 'facilities will
be. : afforded' withnsxty. days- »y. the -Los
Angeles Pacific Electric Railway .'and
schedule ¦> of twenty-five minutest wlll<. bo
maintained for , the ride from the , city
to the new beach ' resort." The lots will
rot "be 'sold except tcpersons approved
by the board' of directors. •"" ¦»"' "••-¦-.•.
. Prominent among the incorporatbrs or
the company;. are: ¦ Frederick H. ' Rindge,
millionaire resident of Los Angeles ? and
Santa- Monica; Chester ..'A.' Congdon. >a
wealthy iron man of Duluth, \Mlnn.j.
Charles D. Frasier of .the,' United States
Steel Company of New*York:-Eldrldge-.M:-,
Fowler'of Pasadena, formerly of Detroit,
Mich.;: Calvin Hood, said to. .-be.; the
wealthiest man in Kansas, whoso home .is'
In Emporia, and; P. M. -.Green,-- proprietor
of the Hotel Green, Pasadena. £ -.- fc r.', •• : .
¦ Other notable figures tn'the cprporatioTi
are: H. P. Barbour, St. Paul' capitalist;
General I*; H. Sherman and E. P.-Clark"
of the. Ix)s Angeles. Pacific Railway;. O.
T: 'Johnson, proprietor of 'the. Hotel W.estr
minster; "W. D.- Clark, the Redlands cap!-,
talist; R. C. - Gillis of Pasadena, Major'
George I. Cochran and"John - D. Pope.,ofi
Los Angeles,, F. C. Bolt and H. M.-Ham
ilton of Pasadena and J. C. Drake, E. T.
Earl, W. C Patterson,. W. D. Woolwine,'
H. J. -Whitley, W. J; Trask. J. A. Merrill,
Arthur H.- Fleming, A.. I. Smith, John D..
Bicknell and Godfrey Holterhoff Jr., all
of this city. • • ':'¦>'¦' ->.'
DOS ANGELES, June 14.— Wealthy men
of Southern California have organized a
company for the purpose of establishing
at Ballona, six miles south of Santa Mon
ica, a beach resort . which ' to Los An
geles will be what Newport Is to ,the :
millionaires of New York and neighbor
ing cities. Playa -del Rey, (the/; Kirig^s
Beach) is the euphonic name which .has
been chosen for this -pleasure ground, tha
proposed establishment of which .was out
lined-in The Call .some days' agoi' ¦:;;
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Company Is Formed to Found
: Colony Near Santa
Monica.
Millionaire Settlement to
Be Named Play a !•
del Rey.
BEACH RESORT
FOR EXCLUSIVES
TECEtSAST FRANCISCO CALIFS U2^
28
:;e:l" - ADVEBTISB^SiTTS. _^__
OFTHESEASON,
10,000 YARDS.
The largest single Durchase of FancD Silks
ever brought to San Francisco, heing the
complete stock of this class of silks of one of
the leading importing houses in America,
The entire lot will he offered on MONDAY,
June 16th f at
per
The assortment of ahove silks Includes Black
Taffeta; with Persian satin eaual stripes, one
of ttiis ¦"season's novelties} monotone effects, In J
Warp Print Taffeta, with satin stripes, in Old
Rose, Reseda, Navu, Jasper Grau and Pastel
effectsi clouded effects, in Taffeta, with hlack
satin stripes^ in Brown, Black, Navo, Violet,
Tan -arid^Jasper grounds. '' The former prices
of these goods were $2,00 and $L50 pard.^ •;
750 dozen LADIES 1 "FINE SWISS* EMBROID-
ERED BAND COLLARS, 50 different inin r^h
patterns...... ...................v l^2b cdull
Former prices 25o, 35c and 40c. ..
\ Oup Mail- Order Department^ Is most complete. All
\ orders for -samples o? goois rilled and shipped sama
'{'; ..- '-¦"¦"¦ dag tbeu are pgcelYed.
III..IJ3, 115, 117.; IJ9. 121 FOST STREET:
ADVEBTISEJIENTS. /.: '
Red> Rough Hands^ Itching, Burning \
Palms, and. Painful Finger Ends/
Soak the hands on retiring, in a strong^ hot,
creamy lather of CUTICURA SOAP/ Dry,
and anoint freely
skin cure and purest of emollients. ; Wear, during
the night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger
ends cut off and air hoiel^^i^^§||(ins|^^^
red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless hails and pairiiful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful,
and points to a speedy cure of the most distress-
ing cases when physicians and all else fail, ,
MILLIONS USE GUTIGURA SOAP
Assisted by Cuticuba Ointment, for preserving, purifying, and beau-
tifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dan-
draff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and
soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes,' itchings, and
chafings, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Millions of Women use Cuticuba. Soap in the form of baths for
annoying irritations, inflammations, and excoriations, for too free or
offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weak-
nesses, and for many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest them-
Belves to women and mothers. Cuticitba. Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Cdticuba, the great skin cure, with
the purest of cleansing ingredients, and the most refreshing of flower
odours. No other medicated soap is to be compared with it for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands.
No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be
compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Thus it combines in Oke Soap at Oke" Price, the best skin and
complexion soap, and the best toilet and baby soap in the world. *
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.
Consisting of Ccticcea Soap (25c.), to cleanse the skin of crusts
/??T] •(!¦£ A n •¦¦*¦?£« and«-cales, andjsoften.the thickened cuticle; Ccticcra Oikt-
i.Bni uf IP 1 BVl KE>T(50c.),to ?nstant]> allay itching, inflammation and irrita-
tion, and soothe and heal; and Cuticuba Resoltkxt Pills
T - £»*CS| (25c), to cool and cleanse the blood. A Single Set is of ten suffl-
I rlG Ocl 9 1 cient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning,
and seal j- skin, scalp, and blood humours, rashes, itchings, and Irritations, with loss of
hair, trhen all else fails. Bold throughout the world. British Depot : 27-28, Charterhousa
Sq., London. French Depot: 5 Rue do.la Pair, ParU. Pottkb Dbug ajtd Cheji. Cokp.,
Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. ...
CcnccnA. Resoltext Pills (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odourless, econom-
ical substitute for the celebrated liquid Ccticura. Res'SlvejcT, as well as for all other blood '
purifiers and humour cures. Put np in screw-cap pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price,
«5c. Cuticcra Pills are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and beyond ques-
tion the purest, sweetest, most successful and economical blood and skin purifiers,
humour cures, and tonic-digestives yet compounded. _ : ; "
Don't pinch your feet. The height of bad
taste in foot-dress is to squeeze your toes in a
JL tofo narrow, or too short, or too shallow
jjjW Too often it's the fault of the maker.
oSfe*] Thousands of shoes, irrespective of size
or shape, are-ungenerous, due to defective lasts.
The essential, absolutely necessary, more-
important-than-all-other-points - put - together
feature of a man's or' woman's shoe* is to have
it correctly modeled. r3 ;_ -£' ;V.
Ten days' wear pictures the failure to others
—ten hours registers it to you— through your
nerves.
Walk-Over Shoes look as easy as il
they feel— feel as easy as they look. '•» p\
The building of a Walk-Over Shoe is Hm
a process that has been reduced tp'.'-a'^w*
science in its every detail. The result is a pro-
duct that is absolutely RIGHTI Means^good
feet for the rest of your life.
The shapes are varied of course, $ 4fe CO
and there are enough variations in Jfe JPiDU
! sizes to fit any man or woman. £=—=
Why pay $5, $6 and $7 for more ll^ver
discomfort ? Les8 '
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
f] F. WRIGHT & SON,
Los Angeles Store: Q9A-9fi Ninvice^t S%tr»e-e-t Opposite
1 1 1 So. Spring St. *3A** -4O I'lfll KCl OLI CCl, Emporium-
GEOBGE MAYEBU!.
GEORGE MATEBLE,
German Optical Institute.
Charter Member American Association of Op-
ticians.
1071 Market st., San Francisco, U. S. A.
BEWARE
OF IMPOSTORS !
Any person representing 1 himself to bo Georg*
Mayerle, the Onticlan, or to be la any way
connected with him, la an
IMPOSTOR!
Mr. George Mayerla of tho German Optical
Institute, 1071 Market street, does not travel,
nor does he employ traveling- opticians to rep-
resent him.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
It Rives me much pleasure to recommend to
the Bubllc Mr. GEORGE Mayerle or 1071 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. I have been uain*
glasses for the past four years, and during tnat
time have consulted several opticians, but not
until I consulted Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and
had him fit glasses to my eyes did I get entlrs
satisfaction. Most respectfully.
J. H. ANDERSON.
Senceant of Police. San FranclM*
1^*lOTiCE
Neglected Eyesight affects th« Brain. No
glasses leava Mayerle' » German Optical Insti-
tute unless absolutely correct.
REMEMBER THE NUMBER—
1071 nARKET STREET
(Below Seventh street}.
German Eyewater 50c. Telephone South 072.
CUT THIS OUT.
v-^&r White Shirt
xfc-v '* V^wKO^V 4 ' J Monday we will place on special sale up-
VwmSjw^y*^^/ wards of 1000 dainty, white waists in many
\\ YS^ftwT* 5^^"^ charming effects. It will not be necessary to
•\i' *B fi \wi go into detail further than to assure you that
\l\ \\ v they are the best values in waists we have of-
\\\ * \fim««ll fered this season. There are dozens of styles
\ /nmollf ' in all sizes from which to make your selec-
\ • hi IIbW tlon, but likely you will not stop with one se-
V v i i/ojy lection— you will buy two or three of the
- jG&iaMbW waists. The values are $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00. All
/ffijr/y*&jr wil1 be sold at the special price of
_' '^Jf Special for Monday —^Tour choico from 600 wash skirts, in a* dozen .different
styles; colors, navy blue* and black with. white' polka dots"; grass linen; denim
-skirtsiin blue and brown,- perfect cut, with either flounce or flare; on sale
in the main store, price ¦ ;
$1.50 Each.
Silk Waist Sale. •
Monday we. will have a special clearance sale of odds and ends in broken
lines of . silk shirt waists, taken from our regular stock; they are waists that
have been selling through the season for $5 00, $6 00 and $7 50. There are many
pretty styles, but only a few of a kind, in both-colors and. black;. they are made
from taffeta and peau de sole silk, and the sizes range from 32 to 44; sale price
¦ :¦¦.¦¦¦''•'.'¦.'. ':¦'.. ' ':¦ ¦ '-- (BQ Q^ ; ' ¦¦¦ ¦¦• ' '-• ?: ¦¦ M
v/oronfltion
. •-."¦We announce an extraordinary showing of ., /jffi/r.JMi»*i7|^'< \\
the season's latest styles in midsummer novel- ' /Stx^tV^TyW fi
ties, comprising new effects in dainty white and , , i8\ VJH, lt\// Wjt
black India silk;waist3. with either full length '$^?mlM/^*ffl^*
or elbow length sleeves; we have them in a' beau-'" ' v ' : '¦\^~>&Mr'' ' i&lBwL
tlful variety of. tucked and, lace trimmed effects; ' yv*/
ConSecnySt and&rantctve.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
HANDSOME NEW PARLOR SUITS.
A full line Just in. Mahogany and Oak. Finest designs we have ever carried, beauti-
fully upholstered. Also odd chairs In a great variety. Come and see our goods and prices,
you will be pleased fcrith both. We will furnish your house throughout. Carpets. Shades.
Stoves and Furniture complete. Don't borrow any money to buy here. Your credit la good.
We Own Our Own f \t r »j n w Free D:!iv«ry ti
Buiidins-wePayiiie J/Nooiiaii Fnrniture Co,, Inc. <> ak|and ' Ahmeda
No K in *« ' and Berkeley.
1017-1023 Ml&ion Street, above Sixth, San Ffancisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.Shriners at Big Trees.
SANTA : CRUZ," June 14,-^anta Cruz
was visited to-day by about four hundred
Mystic Shriners. Ninety-flve members of
Aladdin Temple of Columbus, Ohio, ar
rived, in a speciar train at 5 o'clock this
morning.,' 'Their main purpose was to
visit the Big Trees "and to see the tree
"Governor Nash,". which was christened
during Governor Nash's visit to the trees
last year, when President McKinley was
on s .the; coast. The ; Shriners made merry
Notice to Pasengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton' Special Delivery,
40S Taylor street. 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. . •
Purchase of a Steel Company.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Daniel Leroy
Dresser, president of the Trust Company
of the Republic, announced to-day that
his company had completed negotiations
for the purchase of the Bethlehem Steel
Company by the newly formed United
States Shipbuilding Company. A large
portion of the output of th© Bethlehem
Steel Works is armor, plate.
He turns and Meets tho Police.
MARTSVILLE. O., June 14.— W. H.
Hawkins, a real estate and mortgage
agent, who disappeared from Marysvllle
a week ago, when it was alleged he was
short In his accounts with Several of his
clients to the aggregate amount of $20.
009. has returned home. Soon after his
arrival he was arrested on a warrant
sworn out by Dr. J. H. Todd, his cousin,
charging Hawkins with obtaining $1200
fraudulently. Joseph Jackson, president
of the First National Bank, and Hawkins*
brother-in-law furnished bond and Haw
kins was released. Hawkins admits there
is a shortage, but he is unable, he says,
to give the exact amount. He says he la
penniless. ,'-;.-
on earth and. San Francisco and Califor
nia the paradises of the United States.
He declared that San Francisco had
treated her guests with such royal hos
pitality no. other city had dared to
extend an invitation to the ImperiaJ
Council to hold its next session within Its
confines. He said that for the first time
in Its history, the. Council, had been com
pelled to designate a place for the holding
of its session. '
A PITTING CLIMAX.
Wlnsor declared that the banquet was a
fitting climax to the great celebration and
he expressed the hope that future Im
perial Councils would profit by the ex
ample of San 'Francisco "and. invite the
women .whom he declared were the bet
ter parts of . themselves, . to attend. In
conclusion, Past Potentate "Winsor de
clared that so successful had been the cel
ebration tin this city that In the future,
Instead of j dating the .history of, the . An
cient Arabic Order of Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine | back to twenty-eight years ago,
the history would be commenced with the
Imperial Council which was held In San
Francisco. .. ¦ , • <
! When Past Potentate Wlnsor concluded,
Charles H. Murphy announced that as it
was difficult for all of those present to
hear the words, of. the .speakers It had
been decided that the tables should be
cleared away, and the Nobles and their,
wives • and sweethearts given . an oppor
tunity to trip the light fantastic toe.
Dancing was then Inaugurated.
Among : those present . were the follow
ing: ¦ • • ' . . . ,
Mr. and Mrs. Fred I«. Hilmer,' Mr.' and' Mrs^
Hiram D. Nichols, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Clarke,
Miss 'McLaughlin,..Mr.- and Mrs. t - Theodore, H.
Thomas of El Jebel Temple, J. ; Frank Treat
of El . Zagal Temple,'- -Fargo." North • Dakota;
Charles L.. I Field, William ;E. Lutss, Robert
Ash, George W.'.Baker, George W. Bauer, C.
\8. Benedict, ¦ L. r . F.'J Breuner, , Thomas . F.
Browne/ M. S. Eisner. B." P. Flint. Fred A.
Hlnes. R. H. Woyd. " George B. j McKee. 1 1* R.
Mead, Charles . H. ''. Murphy, J. F.'. Merrill.
George F^;Neal, Frank W. Pierce, I." W. Pratt,"
J. R. Knowland, J. G. . Spauldlngr, ; W. H." F.
Titus. John Williams, | W. D." : Keyston, i T. ¦ D. 1
Rlordan,: J. A. Hammersmith, J.>.W. .Ander
son, . : C. M.^ Plumb, , S. M.":ShortridKe. . A. . F.
Gunn, - C '-• J. f Bauer, ¦ F. \ W. ' Marston. •- G. '- H.'
Umbsen, George E. Dow, '.R. I* Hawthorne,
Cy'Hellwi*:, G. W. Kline. H. A. TausslK, W.
F. Southard. F.. C. Pague; A. W. McKlnzle.
H. Ascroft. K. W. Meek, J. A. Snook,
William- Mooser. J. W. Heidt, I. S.
Rawan, Dr. J. . D._ Hill. J. Clarke. Ed
ward. Lande, D. Hammer, G. W. Bauer. G.
N. Farnsworth. George Montague. M. Gold
man, . James H.' Fannin, William E. Pettes,
Oscar J. Mayer. M. L>. Fendner, A. Melster, C.
B. York, Mrs. C. B. York, James Madison. J.
W. Phillips,' Mrs. J. M. Phillips. W. R. Lamo
reux. A. W.- Scott, A. A.' Thayer, F. G. Mc-
Lean. Jeter Engel, Mrs. Engel. R. S. Powers.
H. W. Thorp. I*" A. Spltzer. Dr. W.F. South
ard, - H. Norton, . J._ F. Llndstrom, - Thomas
Relchert. T. Peterson Ross, R. S. and Mrs.
Benedict, Burr Noble, J. F. Christopher, H. M.
Furman, B. W. Hughes, W. Gllndermaa, Wil
liam Johnson, Charles Stallman. Mrs. Amelia
Scott, Henry C Tabrett. Joseph Black, F. C
Anderson, S. Hoelub. ' ES. F. Williams, W. R. I*
Campbell, F. L. Turpln, H. O. Greenhood, A.
Schetzel, Anton Krelg. J. B. Bocardo, R. W.
Meek. Henry Ascroft, S. U Kline. W. A.
Sanders. Charles Schlesslnger, Edward V. Pas
quale. S. S. Simon, H. Kohler, Mrs. C. Brlsson.
W. E. Knowles, C. W. Hunt, I*. P. Degen,
Jesse J>. • Hannah. Charles Stallman, Dr. M.
Prltchard, J. K. Ferth, Miss M. B. Johnston,.
William Johnston.
T. H. Brown. E. O. Rieser, Robert Wleneke,
¦fi. A. Christensen. W. F. ' Boardman, Mr. and
Mrs. .R.W. Skinner, A. W. 4 Turpln. John D.
Merrill, J. H. Brunlngs, A. W. Hlgglns. Llpp
man- Sachs, _ F. H. Hilmer, J. G. Spauldlng,
W. Llnston, S. A. McDonnell, W. R.' Lange
nour, J. E. Bandy, C. J. Bauer. C. G. Ken
yon, Edwin W.- Tucker, R. G. Hulburt. Thomas
Trebell. Edward Stephenson, John Thompson,
II. "iu. : Radkr. George Dow, Edwin T. Dow, A.
W. Turpln, H. W. Harris, J. P. Onstott. H. L.
Martin. Frank I* Pague, J. B. Richardson, F.
Hauss, Theodore H. Thomas, Captain Jahnsen,
W. Mason, George H.' Ballan, F. FHedlander,
F. H. Ames, C. H. Wright.
was to the' effect that this State was for ihe
whole country all the tlme^ that it was not for
any section nor any circumscribed limit, but for
the whole couiltry. to which she will remain
true, through all the years that are to come.
In departing from our midst I hope you will
leave your hearts with us as you take ours
with you. . . , .: ."¦¦; ''
TRIBUTE ; TO. "WOMEN.
Shortridge was frequently Interrupted
by applause, and when, he paused once,
as if he were about to bring his remarks
to a close, he was requested, to "go on."
At the conclusion . of his speech, and in
troducing Lou B. Wlnsor, Toastmaster
Murphy called attention to the fact that,
although the . Order of Mystio, Shriners
had existed for twenty-eight years, it was
the first occasion that women had been
given the privilege of gracing the banquet
with their presence. He. said that the lo
cal husbands were certainly very recreant,
but *that they had set a very commend
able precedent in this venture, and he
hoped it would be followed at all future
banquets of the Shriners. Potentate Mur
phy's sentiments met with the hearty; ap
proval of all present. •'-... . - ; -
In presenting Lou B. Winsor, past im
perial potentate, Murphy explained that
several of the Nobles who were down for
speeches, at: the banquet had taken their
departure . from the city. ' He • said that
the occasion would certainly v not be , a
complete success unless Lou Winsor made
a few remarks. The past potentate vis
ited this city, about a year ago, when on
a pilgrimage -to Honolulu, and he has
many jfriends here. When he stepped
forth to respond he was given a flattering
reception. He paid a glowing tribute to
the hospitality of San Franciscans and of
theState... ; .. ] ':.>','.; ; . ' ¦' \
J Past Potentate Winsor said that he was
almost overwhelmed by the flattering re
ception hehad received. He said that be
cause of >the manner in 'which , he was
treated ; during his 'previous" visit to this
city he felt that he owed such : a heavy
debt of " gratitude I to our citizens that .he
would : have to- file bankruptcy 1 proceed
ings, ; ; After paying a' compliment to ' tho
'eloquent manner In- which His 'predeces
sor, Samuel M. Shortridge, had clothed
his remarks,' Potentate VWinsor said the
United States ' was . the grandest country
California, out here by -the -shore, which is
washed by the waves of the Western ocean, is
part of the Union. „ At the first, political con
vention that was held iii California, ' in 1S40,
the first cardinal resolution that was . adopted
Next to New' York came that State Ohio,
which was carved out'of the Western reserve,
and which is so devoted to promoting the wel
fare of the United States that she desires to
furnish all our Presidents." Ohio was the
birthplace of four of our Governors. Georgia
gave us one, 'Maine gave us two and Wisconsin
has the honor of furnishing James H. Budd,
one of our living ex-Governors. Pennsylvania
and that small but unconquerable isle called
Ireland, out In the midst of the blue sea, both
gave us a Governor. (Laughter.) All that we
have and all that 'we are we owe to you.
I will not speak of California because In de
scribing her I would use ail the extravagance
of a lover. I am stuck on California. Nobles
and visitors from our sister States, whatever
we are you have made us. Who and what were
the pioneers? They cam© from • the Southern
States, from "New England, and from the West
ern Keserve. From all the States of the Union
came our pioneer fathers and. mothers. God
bless them. They placed the flag of civilization
on this Western coast. Whatever of. civiliza
tion, whatever of manliness and whatever of
beauty our women possess we owe it to the
South, the North and the East, who sent the
pioneers to this' State. (Applause.) New York
has the honor of being the originator of the
Order of Mystic Shrlners. Of the twenty Gov
ernors who have held office in this State, five
of them came. from New York. The Empire
State also had the honor of being the birthplace
of Leland Stanford,' founder of our great uni
versity. ¦•,..'.-¦-,.
this pilgrimage. (Applause.)
Illustrious Potentates, Imperial Potentates
and Nobles: California welcomes you with un
equivocal pleasure and she will bid good
by with unfeigned regret. From Georgia and
all over the South, from the East, sterile and
unfertile It may be, but still beautiful, from
the North and from the glorious middle West
you have come to do honor to California, and
this Golden State blushes and opens her heart
to the Nobles and the beautiful women who
have accompanied- them. California with her
feet laved by the \ waves of the Western sea
and her mountains crowned with caps of virgin
•now welcomes 'the noble men who have mad*
duce J by the toastmaster as "the pride
of Islam and California." Shortridge was.
warmly received, and he spoke in part as
fellows:
Many of us hav* made our first trip to the
Pacific ' Coast, but to . all of us the .trip and
your reception of us has been a revelation.' I
can ecarcely find language to express Just
how I feel concerning your remarkable re
sources, your . wonderful hospitality. (Ap
plause.) I ' can scarcely . realize the . situation.
It has been both novel and instructive to us.
We have seen your wonderful country; have
admired your great resources and have enjoyed
your boundless hospitality and good will. (Ap
plause.) • We can scarcely find words to'ex
press our gratitude for 'all you have done for
us. We stand aghast when we think how help
less we are when It conies to repaying you.
In a year from now we shall meet in Saratoga
Springs. I extend to all of you a hearty invi
tation to come and rest yourselves under our
trees and let us entertain you Just one-half as
well aa you have entertained us. (Applause.)
When I return to my people I will tell them
how well you have treated us, and of all you
have done to make us comfortable. In behalf
of the Imperial Council and of those who have
come with us. I thank you from 'my heart.
Samuel M. Shortridge was next Intro-
When the Imperial potentate arose he
was greeted with great applause by the
company, which rose and sang "For He's
a Jolly Good Fellow." Alken was given a
warm reception as he surveyed the com
pany and awaited the' opportunity to
speak. He spoke on the subject of "The
Imperial Council," saying that there were
73,000 in this country, and that it was a
distinct honor for any. man' as humble as
himself to preside over so great a body
of gentlemen and NoWes. Resuming, he
said: ¦ . .
I eay to you welcome, thrice welcome. I
regret that so many of our brethren have left
us. We have attempted In the past few days
to express by our acts 'and not merely In
words, our heartfelt welcome to our brethren
from afar. To those who have left us we
voice our earnest farewell. Those who are
with us here on* this occasion we greet with
hearty rood will." Among them we have our
new Imperial potentate, Henry C. Akin, and it
rives ma great pleasure to introduce him to'
you.
phy called the assembly to order. He ex
tended a hearty welcome to the assembled
guests and expressed the hope that the
delight experienced during the week
would be appreciated by all concerned.
Resuming, he said:
Imperial Potentate Henry C. Akin Expresses Thanks of Eastern
Shrlners to Islam Nobles for Their Courtesies^
TBTTMBO WILL EXPLAIN"
.HIS ACTS AS RECEIVES
Golden Cross Mines Case to Come Tip
in a San Diego Court on
Monday.
SAN DIEGO, June 14.— The hearing of
Isaac Trumbo, as receiver of the Goldea
Cross mines, will begin In the Superior
Court on Monday afternoon. Colonel
Trumbo wj.ll be given an opportunity to
explain the necessity of certain expendi
tures to which objection has been made
by the Golden Cross Mining and Milling
Company, I* F. Fuller and Mary E»
Hedges, and he may be allowed also to
tell why certain creditors who are clam
oring: for their money •were not paid. As
the hearing has already" been continued
several times, it Is not likely that there
will be another delay.
The last time the case cams op there
was a little show of feeling In court be
cause Colonel Trumbo and his attorney
Samuel I*r Shortridge, were not on hand
at the appointed hour. "W. J. Hunaaker
and the other attorneys, who came down
from Los Angeles, were wroth because
of their loss of time and were appeased
only when Mr. Shortrldg-© appeared In th»
afternoon with an affidavit that Colonel
Trumbo'B wife was ill with typhoid fever.
Upon this showing Judge Torrance coa
sented to continue the hearing for m
month. .'. iV,"
SCENE AT MECHANICS' PAVILION ON THE OCCASION OF THE BANQUET GIVEN TO THE SHRINERS LAST NIGHT, i
at the grove, and on© of the monarcha of
the forest was christened "Aladdin," after
their temple, with appropriate ceremonies.
The address was by the grand, potentate,
and all Joined hands, surrounded the tree
and sang "America." This afternoon the
party left for Del Monte, and at 4 o'clock ¦'
they left the hotel for Los Angeles.
At' half-past 12 about three hundred:
more Shrinera arrived, and they had an
elaborate lunch at the Sea Beach Hotel.
They took In the Big Trees and the city
snd bad, a royal good time. .
Scene One of
Wonderful
Beauty.
Good Cheer Is
Extended to
Pilgrims.
HAGHTFICENT SCENE.
sweethearts are identified with the order.
The scene was a beautiful one and of a
grandeur that will linger long in the
memory of the company that did honor to
the occasion.
It was 8 o'clock when the guests began
to gather. A band was stationed In the
west end of the hall beneath the illu
minated word "Welcome," and as the
carriages rolled up to the Pavilion and
their occupants descended and entered
the building promenade music was dis
coursed. "Within thirty minutes all the
guests'were assembled, and at 3:45 o'clock
the march of* the Shrlners and their la
dies to the tables began. The main table
extended along the north side for more
than half the length of the lower floor
and from it running at right angles in
the form of a gridiron were a dozen' ta
bles. The officers of the Imperial Council
eat at the main board, with Imperial Po
tentate Henry C. Akin of Omaha and Po
tentate Charles H. Murphy of Islam Tem
ple, toastmaster, stationed in the -center.
On either side of these were the- Nobles
of the council with their ladles and the
epeakers of the evening.
flags and festoons of roses 600
men and women discussed a collation, of
Ample dimensions and listened with de
light to the expression by capable" speak
ers of sentiments dear to the heart of
every Noble of the Mystic Shrine and to
those whose husbands, brothers and
rHE Shrlner festival closed in a
blaze of glory at the banquet
to the Nobles and their ladies
at the Pavilion last night. It
. was a brilliant affair in every
respect. Under a canopy of
The epectacle was a magnificent one
when th© discussion of the menu was be
jun. The tables were beautified -with
flowers at every plate and ferns and potted
palms artistically disposed. The souvenir
menu card was a work of art. It was In
the form of a book with leather covers,
and each page was richly Illustrated. On
the back page was printed the names of
the members of the Imperial Council and
of the chairmen cf the local committees.
The menu was as follows:
MEKC.
California. Consomm*
Haul Scuterne
Oysters a. la. Poulette
California Spring Chicken Baute
Banquet Sauterne a la Financier
California Olivei Almonds Pecans
Via Rouge Vienna Rolls
Rosenblatt Co.
Crib Salad
Ltobster FaJad
Chicken Salad
Chan-.pagrne Roast Turkey. Cnrrant Jelly
G. H. Musim & Co. Ham with Gelee
Extra Dry Tongue with Gelee
Apcllinaris
TuttI Fruttl Icecream
Strawberry Icecream
Vanilla Icecream
Lady Fingers Macaroons
Plstache Cream Cake
Mocha Creaa Cake
Camella Cream Cake
Chocolate Cake
Oiucei
Cherrle« . . Apricots
Cheese Crackers
Coffee
GUESTS WELCOMED.
It was 19 o'clock when Toastmaster Mur-
M YSTIC SHRINER FESTIVITIES COME TO A MOST BRILLIANT
CLOSE WITH BANQUET AT MECHANICS' PAVILION AT WHICH
SIX HUNDRED NOBLES AND LADIES ARE HONORED GUESTS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
Pases 29 to 40
iftffls 29 to 40SOME OF THE PROMINENT SHRINERS AND OTHERS WHO TOOK, IN THE BAT, EXCURSIOlN YESTERDAY,
MEETING WITH EXPERIENCES WHICH WILL FURNISH TOPICS FOR DISCUSSION FOR SOME TIME
AFTER THEY REACH THEIR FAR AWAY -^ASTERN OASES. : ; \i"/f ' :
SALINAS, June 14.— Fire destroyed the resi
dence of. Andrew Church," five miles fromTas
tajara' Springs,- last : night: The , family barely
cecaped.
Big Harness Sale.
T3 00 will buy 'a good buggy harness. l'J
per cost off Wednesday and Saturday.
Lcibold Harness Co., 211 Larkln street,
CBposite City IlalL
NEW YORK. June 14— Yale's baseball : club,
defeated Princeton . at ¦ the . Polo ' Grounds ¦ here
to-day by a score of "5 to "4. and thereby, won
the intercollegiate . championship. The -game
was played in tho presence of COOO ' people.
Score: ¦•¦ :' ; i . •.-•¦" •¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.-.-. ' • . -
Yale . ;...;.!..,-.. .0 0200 0 2 ' 1 0— 5
Princeton;. 3} 0.0 0 0 0 0.1-0—4
¦ ¦ Batterlos-^Garvih 'and , -Underbill,'
Stevens , and Green. : r . .; .-;¦ •: ¦.",' .' •;. .
Yale T>efeatS' Princeton.
LONDON, June 14.— The American jock
eys were one, two, -three in 'the ; British
Dominion, two-year-old race at Sandowne
Park, first summer meeting to-day. The
Simena colt (J.- H/ Martin). -Was .first;
Chaucep - (Danny i Mahec); 1 second, • and
Hammerkop (Clem J.eriklnsK' third. Love
(MaherXiwori'the Hampton two-year-old
P ]ate - ¦'• : - •'-¦•• ::¦¦'• v " • .' ' v'*&«liB&»H
American Jockeys Pilot "Winners.
Before yon gro camping, stop and thlnk-p
thlok of the new camp, the modern camp,
where you sleep in a clean, fresh tent, well
furnished and kept in order for you; of the
splendid meals you will receive without the
worry and bother of hunting supplies, and the
labor of cooking:— everything ready for you and
in the prettiest spot in Sonoma County
The camp is on the west bank of the' Rus
sian River, below GuernevHle. and the trains
of the California Northwestern Railway take
g-uests direct to the camp.
The camp grounds are 150 acres in extent arid
have a water frontage on the Russian River
of one and one half miles.
The dam is about midway, furnishing be
tween 4 and 5 mtlea of excellent boating and
swimming, whilst below the dam there- is a
fine sandy beach.' and shallow water for ¦ chil
dren and those who are taat swimmers ¦
The grounds are level, making a llttl«-~val
ley around which the bills rise up giving it
much the shape of a cup.
Tent accommodations complete, and board
will be furnished for $10.00 per week Special
rates for families and parties. Those prefer
ring to bring their own tents can do 'so and
arrange for table board at a reasonable figure
as no one will , be allowed to cook on th#
grounds. This is a Hotel Camp, and will be
open for reception of guests June 20 • Pur
chase tickets at tha ticket offices , of the Call
fornla Northwestern Railway, C50 ' Market
street (Chronicle Building) or Tiburon Ferry
Address Camp Vacation, GuernevHle, Sono
ma County, Cal.
der Canvas.
Large Hotel and Summer Besort Un-
CAMP VACATION.
The Phoenix Athletic Club will meet the
California Tennis Club In a match game
of baseball to-day, at' 10 a,-. m. at the Pre
sidio grounds. • Following is the line-up:
Phoenix — Hugenin, catcher; - t JMartin,
pitcher; Brash, first base; Holling, second
base; Barton, ¦ third "base; " Rosenthal,
shortstop; Kost; left. field; Barrar, center
field: Pabst, right field. . * ,;
California— Zan, catcher; Rolf, . pitcher;
Pete Smith, first base; McKenzie. second
base; G. Smith,' third base; C. Smith,
shortstop; Cornell, • left field; Daily, cen
ter field; Hooper, right field.
Amateur jj Ball-Flayers.
. AB. R. BH. 5B. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss. ......'.... 4 2 0 10 4 1
Waddell, 1. I ;.. 3 2 0 0 0 0 1
Raymer, -2b,. .;...;. .-2 1" 1 : ' 3 • l" 0
.Householder, c. t... 4 12 10 0 1
Rellly. 3b ....4 1.1 3 -6 4 0
Roach, t.'.'t 2 ' 0 0 2 2 1 0
Anderson, " c. .' 4 0 00 91' O
Hanlon, lb. /. . 3 0-0 0-7-3 n
Hartwell, p. ......... 3 0 0 0 0 2 2
Totals ..........29 7 4 "7 27 10 ~5
SACRAMENTO.
. J ; '- AB - »• BH.SB. PO. A. K.
Doyle, 1. t 5 0 10 1O0
Lawler, c. t ..2 2 0 1 4 o 0
EJagan. lb 3 2 2' 0 11 1 1
Unglaub, ss 2 10 0 1 .4 •»
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 1 0 0 5 l
Hulen, 2& .'...... 4 '0 2 '0' 2 3'' 0
Graham, t 4 0 0 0 '4"« l i
Wagner, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dowling, p 1 0 00 10 0
Cutter, p ......3,0 00010
' ToUls ..31 5 6 1 24 15 ~0
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angreles 4 10 10 10 0 x 7
Base hits 20010 100 x— 4
Sacramento 2 020 00 1 0 0 S
Base hits 2 0 1 0 01 2 0 0—6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Eagran. First base on errors-
Los Angeles 3, Sacramento 2. First base on
balls — Off Hartwell 6, off Dowling 6 off Cut
ter 1. Left on bases— Los Angelea 6, Sacra
mento 4. Struck out— By Hartwell 6 by Cut
ter 2. Hit by pitcher— Roach, Unglaub
Double plays— Roach to Reilly, Reilly to Han-
Ion to Reilly. Passed ball — Anderson. Wild
pitches— Dowlingr 3. Time of game-l hour
and 45 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell
: '¦ - • ¦
- Champion George -Whitney and Profes
sor Daily, the professional, -will play an
exhibition match 'on the Cociuellcot courts,
East Oakland, this afternoon! The open
ing tournament of the summer season will
be played on the Oakland courts to-day.
Many of the cracks from the ¦California
Tennis Club will go to San Rafael to-day
for practice matches. W; B. Collier, H.
-W. Crowell, Frank Mitchell,- Harry
Haight, Drummond MacGavin and Grant
Smith will play. " ; ' •
High-class tennis Was played yesterday
on the California Club courts. George
Whitney, and Joe Daily played Dr. Hardy
and Bruce Rowan, a Southern California
crack. ¦• .After.- som© : -exek4ng rallies 'tne
fontier ; w6Vi . 'three'.iiets' o.tft-'of 'ftfur/ The
sc6r/e; was ; &,$, .%-$, $*£,'%¦£ 1: The!" winners'
then took-. oh -H.' ''XI -\yh,'i!tney' and 'Hardy
and ; were again \ victoriousy .'the • score • in
their favor being- 6.-3; 4r6, S-2, -7-5.. •Rowan
made a.^ood showing: against -Hardy in
singles, the. latter beating' him only 6-4.
Herbert Schmidt \ played . four hard sets
with Harry Rolf . each of- which went to
deuce. The score in Schmidt's favor was
7-5, 5-7, 10-8, 9-7. A. Worthington beafW.
P. Bull 6-3, 6-1, 6-2. . .
. On the park, courts • the following
matches were played: Dunlap and Quinn
beat Bozart and James 6-2, 2-6, 7-5; Black
and Graves* beat Miss Beyfuss and Quinn
6-4; Miss Beyfuss' and Quinn beat Isher
and Miss Brown • 6-4; Quinn' beat Miss
Beyfuss and Craemer 6^;'6-4; "Isnerbeat
Graves and Black 10-8; Black beat Fried
borg 6-4. : -= • ¦ , -'
Out of Four.
Hardy and Rowan Three Sets
George Whitney and Daily Defeat
Is Replaced by Cutter at Los Angele3
After Three Innings.
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— If there were
any features to the game between the
Senators and Seraphs this afternoon it
was the wilaness of Dowling and'Hart
wcll. It was almost a stand-off- in the
first three innings, but Hartwell finally
located the plate and pitched good ball
after the third, while Dowling was oblig
ed to retire In favor of. Cutter. There
was comparatively little batting, the lo
cals getting but four singles and the vis
itors live singles and a double. A total of
twelve bases on balls, ten errors, .and
eight stolen bases, however, allowed more
runs than Were earned. Roach's assist
; from right field to third base was a bright
spot in an unusually loose game. Cutter
pitched winning ball in all his innings
but the s-txne could not oe pulled back
from where Dowling had put it. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
FITCHER DOWLING IS WILD.
Cleveland Takes the Last of the Se
ries From - Philadelphia— Large /
Crowds Witness Games.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 14.— Boston defeated Chi
cago to-day in a game that outside of battery
errors was a great pitchers' battle.- Young's
wild throw gave the locals their only run. At
tendance 8100. Score: ¦ • . __<,,. . _,
Chicago ...... '......*......"......' 1 S' '¦'¦ 0
Bost6n '. 2 •; O :¦ «1 •
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Young
and CriKer. ..*',¦;•>'• '. ¦ ¦ '.
; CLEVELAND, June 14." — A ble crowd • was
present to-day to see Cleveland take the ; last
of the series from Philadelphia. Bernhara was
a puzzle to his former team mates. Cleveland
plays Boston at Canton on Sunday. Attendance
10.015. Score: / . h
Cleveland* 6 11 i
Philadelphia ,....3 8 2
¦ Batteries— Bernhard and Wood; "Wiltse and
Scheck. v "'
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— Washington made it
three straight from St. Louis to-day in an ex
tra inning, game. The. home- team, tied the
score in the ninth after two outs, but Held
ricks' muff of Carey's fly in the tenth allowed
Coughlin to score. Attendance 3421. Score: '
":- ; J>- R.. : H.'-'- E.
St. LoUiS * » ; ?
Washington'... 6 0 0
Batteries— Sewell and Sugden; Townsend,
Button and Clark. . . ''tfli'k
DETROIT, June 14.— Siever was hit hard in
the four innings he pitched and the errors made
by the locals aided Baltimore in winning." At
tendance 4128. Score:
R. ' H. E.
Detroit ...;........ 2 7 3
Baltimore »-. 12 1
Batteries — Siever, Mercer. McGulre . and Mc-
Allister; McGlnnity and Robinson. / £•- ,¦*
NATIONAL LEAGUE,
NEW YORK, June 14. — Cincinnati again, de
feated New York to-day. The ¦ home team
found the ball frequently, having ten hits to
seven for the visitors, but ! they were alow ¦ on
bases. Attendance, 7300. Score: . .'. : . :
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 - 7 ¦• r 1
New York ..' ••"• 1 10 °
Batteries — Ewlng and Bergen; Evans and
Bowerman. Umpire — Emslie. . ' .' '
PHILADELPHIA,' June ' 14:— Philadelphia's
hits and Chicago's errors came in conjunction in
the sixth and seventh innings. Attendance,
3713/ Score: :
R. H. \ E.
Chicago . — .....: — ::;.-. i- 6 4
Philadelphia ••• • • 6 9 2
Batteries — St. Vrain and Kllng; Duggleby and
Dooin. Umpire— O' Day. ".¦¦• ' .-,-_. - ;
BOSTON. June 14. — Boston -defeated Pitts
burg to-day before 6000 spectators.- Score:
.: ;•¦. ¦'¦' ¦ R. H. e.
Boston .; 3 ..6- : 0
Pittsburg .:.. 0 . 1 :, 1
Batteries— Pittinger and KIttredge; Philllpl
and' O'Connor. ¦ Umpire— Cantillon..- r • . ¦
BROOKLYN,. June 14.— Brooklyn defeated
Et. Louis; in the second game of. the series at
Washington Park to-day. The attendance was
was " 3500. Score : ¦ • ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ . •
, ' ; R. H. E.
St. Louis '. ....3 .4 0
Brooklyn ..................::.;. 4 0 4
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan: Hughes, New
ton and C. Farrell. ¦ Umpires — Brown and Pow
ers. ." ¦ '¦'•<¦ > ; .' .:.¦•.;'¦ •"¦,'• •
; ' —. : — ¦ ? v : — , ' • ' " ' • ¦'
SUISUN, June 14. — Twenty-eight carloads of
cherries" have been shipped from « this point
to Eastern markets , up tc date. The output
will exceed that of last year.
BOSTON DEPEATS CHICAGO
IN A PITCHERS' BATTLE
THREE boat loads of Shriners
spent a pleasant morning In
cruising about "the bay yesterday.
The San Pablo, Newark and Gen
eral Frisbie were utilized for the
purpose and all were crowded. The
steamers were handsomely decorated for
the occasion and with their passengers
presented an attractive appearance.
It was nearly 1Q o'clock when the New
ark drew "from Ub slip at the foot of
Market street and a minute later the San
Pablo backed into the stream. Th© Gen
eral Frisbie sailed at 10 o'clock and
steaming in the rear of the Newark pro
ceeded to the Risdon Iron ..Works. . On
board the General Frisbie were the mem
bers of the imperial council of Shriners
with "Imperial Potentate Akin at their
head. Islam Temple was represented by
Potentate Charles H. Murphy, J. J. Hen
dy, chairman of. the entertainment com
mittee. G. W. Lipman, A. J. De Lamare
and others. ¦, ¦
The passengers of the Frisbie alone
landed at the iron works, where a large
arch covered with red bunting and bear
ing the words, "Welcome, Shriners," had
been erected. An hour was spent by the
All points of interest, including the Union
Iron Works, Sausalito ' and the United
States revenue "cutter McCulloch, were
visited. The party started at 10 o'clock
a. m. and did: not return until late in the
afternoon. Among those who enjoyed the
excursion were: ; jA. li. Blersqn. ,of Lps
Angeles,- A. B.^ wood ot 'Islam, Frank
Horace Gould and.W- L. . ,Cart£r, of • Los
Angeles, R. A. Arms of Seattle, Fred J.
R; Skill of Rameses Temple, Toronto,
Canada, Mrs. Wood,- Mrs:? Sisson and
Miss Bennett. • V Hv<
MANY TENNTS MATCHES ,
PLAYED ON CITY GROUNDS
Commander George ¦¦ William Bauer
chaperoned a party of Shriners and their
ladies around the bay yesterday on the
launch of the United States steamship
Marlon. A delightful time was enjoyed.
Shrlners in the Inspection of ship build
ing operations, a task which, appeared to
be generally enjoyed. tfV,
The excursionists " were'.:. then taken
around Goat Island but no landing was
made at that pqint. The General Frisbie
then sailed beycaid Sa«salito.' and Tiburon,
going as far as^ Point l Richmondr' > wh'ere
the turn for the Golden Gate was made,
,The announcement w$s made . that Alca
traz would be visited as well as Mare Isl
and navy yard, but . this was not done.
The steamers proceeded as - far as Fort
Point, giving the Shriners a fair view of
the x Pacific, and • then returned to their
wharves at 1 o'clock.> •
The Imperial Council party expressed
themselves as -highly delighted with the
trip. The beauty of the bay was' com
mented upon. by all, and the appearance
of San Francisco' from the water was
generally. admired. On the General Fris
bie were two bands, : that of El Jebel
Temple of Denver and the other that of
School Director Roncovieri. On the oth
er boats good music was provided by the
committee. The excursion passed off
almost without Incident. \ . -„ y'
Mrs. Manice Is. Golf Champion.
ORANGE, N. J. r June 14.— Mrs. IE. A.
Manice j of New Tork won the "Woman's
Metropolitan golf championship to-day by
defeating Miss " Helen Hernandez "of Or
ange at the Essex Country Club In the
final match of the third annual tourna
ment of the Woman's Metropolitan Golf
Association.
M T o re f;! )ajse T? 1 M'r Shay - Tw .°- bas e hits— Streib.
McCreedie, Reilly. Nordyke. Sacrifice hits-1
Lohman 2, Shugart, McHale, Parrott. First
base on errors — San Francisco 4, Oakland 2
First base on called balls— Off Glendon 1, off
Mockiman 2. Left on bases-San Francisco 4.
Oakland 8. Struck out — By Moskiman 1 Hit
by pitcher— Lohman, Gorton. Double nlay—
Devereaux to Mohler to Streib. Time of game
—Two hours. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Oakland 2 0 1 0 11 0 0 0—5
o Base hits 3 0 2 12 10 1 1—11
San Francisco.... 0 10 14 0 0O x 6
Base hits 1 0 0 3 3 1 1 0 x 9
Totals 85 5 11 1 24 15 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
In the men's consolation match, E. J.
Hooper beat George Heazelton, five up,
four to play.
In the final for women, Mrs. F. S. John
son beat Mrs. George Heazelton three up.
Mrs. R. G. Brown won last. year's tourna
ment and, together with Mrs. Heazelton,
will have her name engraved upon the
trophy.
D. E. Skinner beat J. J. Crooks three
up with one to play. This play was over
thirty-six holes. At the eighteenth hole
Crooks had his adversary badly worsted,
being at that time four holes ahead.
Skinner then settled down to steady play,
finally winning out. In the final eighteen
holes he beat Crooks six holes. •
SAN RAFAEL,, June 14.— Tha San Ra
fael Golf Club members played the final
rounds in their tournament for the Coun
cil's cup to-day on Happy Valley linKs.
Golfer Skinner Wins the Cup.
Seventh' race, one mile — Prairie Dog wen
Satin Coat second. Chickadee third. Time)
Third race. Double Event of $5000, five and a
r.alf furlones — Mexican -won. Gold Maxim sec
ond. Prediction third. Time, 1 :06 1-5.
Fourth race, the Suburban handicap of $10 -
000, mile and a quarter- — Gold Heels, 124
(Wonderly), 3 to 1 end even, won; Pentecost
83 (Redftrn), 5 to 1 and 2 to 1, second- Biues
i 2 «* ( , S^*l- f, to a » ">«¦* 1. third. Time!
2:05 1-5. Sadie S, Watercure, Advance Guard
Arden, Monograph, Herbert. Reina and Con
tofid also ran. ...
I Fifth race, last five furlong* of. Futurity
cours*. maiden two-year-olds— Janeway won
Acefull second, Fritz Brillar third. Time'.
1:00 1-5. Earnstormer finished second but was '
disqualified.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, on turf—
Jiojal won Lanceman second, Brigadier third.
Time, 1 :47 1-5. " .
ON OTHER TRACKS.
BUFFALO, June 14.— Fort Erie summary:
First race, four and a half furlonga — George
Perry won, Special Tax eecond, Gorey third.
Second race, six furlongs— Imp. Albula won.
Bafileus second. Nobleman third. Time. 1-19
Third race, mile — Taxman won, Mattie Spen
cer second, Easy Street third. Time, 1:47%
Fourth race, handicap, mile and an eighth—
Algie M won. Obstinate Simon second Frank
McKee third. Time, 2rO0>4. occona - * ran*
Fifth race, five furlongs— Spinet won. Will
Shields second, Lee Ridley third Time
1:WJ%. -Ui:; '
Sixth race, *lx furlongs— Ditty won ¦ J Pat
rick second. Zack Ford third. Time. 1:19.
CINCINNATI. June 14.— Latonta summary:
Klrst race, tix furlong* — Ononanetta won
?cares tecond. Orrie Goan third. Time 1-15*
Second race, five furlongs, sell ing— Amoroui
won. Not Wisely second, Magone third. Time
Third rare, six furlones,' selling— Optimo
won. Marble S recond. Flop third. Time 1-15
Fourth race, Cincinnati Trophy, value '$30">n'
for two-year-olds, five and a half lurlonjrs— '-
Watoma won. Gold Bell second. Flora \vn
loughby third. Time. 1:O8V4.
Filth race, one mile — St. H«ra won. Drum
mond eecond. Lutes Fonso third. Time 1 -ai
Fifth race, six furlonts— Glorita wen' Hilee
•econd. Firing Line third. Time, 1:14%.
CHICAGO, June 14. — Harlem results: |
First race, seven furlongs — Herodiade won. '
Andy Williams second, Jaubert third. TlmT* i
l:3(i 1-5. '
Second race, four furlones — The Don won.
Foxy Kane second, Dick Wells third. Time.
".•j'2. 1-5.
- Third race, six furlongs — Burnie Bunton won. !
W. J. Deboe eecond, Stuyve third. Time
1:19 2-5. '
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, Clark
stakes — Luclen Appleby won, Wyeth second
Marcos third. Time, 2:02 2-5. '
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Autolight won, Frangible second, Flytnir
Torpedo third. Time, 1:68. *
Sixth race, one mile and a' half — Compass
won. Colonel Ballantyne second. Major Manslr
third. Time. 2:48.
First race, eix furlangrs—^Gunfire wori, ' Co
burg sepond, Lux Casta third. Time, 1:13«
Second race, mile, felling— Port Royal won,
Bessie McCarthy- second.- Cburtenay. third.
Time, 1:41. . ¦ •"':.•• _¦ ¦
The horse that may tarry American
turf colors «to the front in the Er.glisn
Derby next year won the first half ot the
Double Event. He is Mexican, Clarence
Mackay's sterling colt, which picked ua
top weight, 129 pounds. He was admir
ably ridden by Burns and won on the new
Futurity course in 1:06 1-5 from a good
field. The straightaway course was slow
er than the Suburban course, -which ex
perts said was at least a second per mile
under its best. This brings Mexican close
to Nasturtium's record last year, 1:05 1-5
end makes Gold Heel's race a marveL
Results: •
Never has there been such a betting
race, 6ay the bookmakers. There were 103
of the regulars, in addition to those who
accept bets of $1. At least $800,000 was
handled in the ring on the Suburban
alone. There had ai&o been a tremendous
amount of betting in the future books on
this event. The final price against Gold
Heels was 3 to 1 to win and even money
for place, Pentecost 5 and 2, Blues 6 and
2, Sadie S 40 and 10, Herbert 6 and 2 and
Advance Guard 6 and 2. There was much
generous backing of Monograph, the hope
of the West, which clcstd at 15 and ti.
ENGLISH DERBY CANDIDATE.
But It was not for Blues nor for Tam
many. Cleverly rated close to the rail,
Wonderly was bringing in Gold Heels.
For a sixteenth of a mile they were al
most alone. But Blues' heart went faint,
and well into the stretch Gold Heels
was overhauling him, -passing him, lead-
Ing him. Then came that grand struggle
of Pentecost's. Four lengths in the rear
was Madden's horse when the leaders
turned into the stretch, but on he came,
gaining at every stride. A hundred yards
rrom the finish he had Blues beaten, and
*lowly he began to creep up cm Gold
Heels. But no mean foe met him there.
Gold Heels sprang forward again under
Wonderly's urging. Thus they passed un
der the wire. Gold Heels first by a half
length, Pentecost a short length in front
of Blues.
But Blues' dash had not been chal
lenged. He shot past Gold Heels and
Boon there was a ciear length of daylight
between them. Then came the greatest
cheer of the race. Tammany in silk hats,
Tammany in eilk petticoats, Tammany in
brass buttons and blue, Tammany In
rusty apparel— Tammany roared from its
lusty throat, "Blues! Blues! Blues!"
PENTECOST'S GRAND EFFORT.
Gold Heels, off sixth, rushed ahead, and
when they lirst passed the wire was neck
and neck with Pentecost and Contend.
Closing in the backstrctch Shaw, on
Blues, thought his chance had. come and
raced to the front. Contend was still in
the lead, but wise little Cochran was try
ing to save him even then. Blues dashed
past Pentecost, butting him hard. Pente
cost, a long striding horse, was caught
off his balance and sheered heavily into
Contend. Then Contend gave up the
Khost and fell to the rear, finishing abso
lutely last.
Behind these three, Gold Heels, Pente
cost and Blues, there was Sadie S fourth,
lengths and lengths behind . the horses
that will make turf history^ Herbert,
too, was still farther back with Reina,
lucky winner of the Brooklyn handicap.
Saddest of all was Advance Guard. Well
away from the post, he dropped back and
was last before the first turn was passed.
Ptrhaps he did not take kindly to .Bull
iran alter Burns' jockeyship.
Gold Heels it was through the stretch.
Maybe Pentecost, having made up five
lengths in his eflort to reach the leader,
could have beaten the son of The Bard,
Lut once he felt a worthy rival at his
tide Gold Heels look on new life. He
sprang ahead, holding his advantage, short
though it was, to the end.
ADVANCE GUAKD DBOPS BACK.
Gold Heels beat Pentecost a short half
length. Blues, Tammany's pride, awoke
when two-thirds of the distance had been
dene to the cheers of his loyal adherents.
But when the prize was so close that it
teemed within the grasp of Frank Far
rcJl's champion the battered Pentecost
came from his ill-deserved place amid the
luck and beat the four-year-old into plti
lul submission.
It was a day of records. Never on any
American course, to every part of which
an admission fee is charged, has such a
tiemendous concourse of humanity wit
nessed a struggle between thoroughbred
racers. Fully 50,000 people watched the
Suburban from boxes and grand stand,
from trees, from roofs and from lawn,
from cheap field and from the stable in
eJesure.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Gold . Heels,
vcrthy son of a great sire, bore to the
front and gallantly held there to the end
the colors of McLewee & Brady In the
Suburban handicap to-day over the Coney
Island Jockey Club course, stripping two
fifths of a second from the mark set by
the speediest of his predecessors. The
mile and a quarter was covered In 2:05 1-5.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO: A. E.
Nordyke, lb 5 1 .1.. 0 1 7; 3 : Q
Holly, rf 4 0 1 '0 .4 o ': 0
Parrott, cf ....:.... 3 i 1 o 5 s l 0
Leahy, c 4-1 0 • 0 1 . ?2 0
Shay, ss ;.....'3 3 2 2 3 2 1 :
Khugart, 2b 3 0 1 1 4 3 li
McHale. If ....3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Rellly, 3b 8 0 10 3 3 0
Glendon, p 4 01.0. 01 0
Totals 32 6.9 -3. 2T 15 ~2
OAKLAND.
AB. R.BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Mobler. 2b 52 3 1 2 2 0
Lohman, c 2 10 0 1 1 1
Streib. IB 5 12 0 12 0 0
McCreedie, rf ...... 5 '0 '3' 0 3 10
Devereaux, ss .5 0 1 0 1 6 1
Dunleavy, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Schmidt, If 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Gorton, cf 3 1 1 0 1 0 1
Moskiman, p 3 o 0 0 0 4 1
Shay was the hero. In the fifth round,
with two out and the ball in keeping of
the shortstop, Danny made a wild dash
lor the plate and beat the throw. It was
a daring piece of work; and the crowd
nearly went wild. Besides this, Shay
slammed out a fine three-bagger and a'
sii:gle, stole two bases and fielded well,
with the exception of one error. Parrott
had six chances in the center plat and
took them all with a deal of grace, be
sides making the first hit for the Pony
bunch. . ¦-¦¦.'
Oakland began work in a hurry, and
two doubles by Streib and McCreedie and
a single by .Mohler netted a pair of points.
The Ponies got one in the second on. two
bad errors. Threahits earned another in
the fourth. \ • ' - '¦ ' '
¦ It remained for the fifth to furnish the
skyrockets and the Ponies were all there.
Kcrdyke led off with a drive to right for
two stations and the rest of the crfcwd.
began to slam the sphere in every possi-^.
ble direction till three runs came in. Then
Shay made his spectacular steal of the
home rubber. This proved to be the win
ning run. Oakland scored twice more be
tore the end came and had several
chances to break up the game, but never
had the timely hit ready." . • ••¦•¦
. Both Glendon and Mosklman were
tatted freely throughout the game. Glen
don came in for more than the doctor,
but his support was better and never
screw bad at critical periods like the med
ical man's. Walters had his regular
weekly ailment and did not appear. The.
Eccre: . .¦.'..-¦.•¦•¦¦. ¦ . .¦"••";¦.:.¦
-8 AN FRANCISCO. ..:-:• y ¦¦'
It reminded the fans of old times yes
lerday afternoon to see the Ponies win by_
a single point in a. brilliant and fasclnat-'
ing game of ball. Pretty, plays; and
fcounding base hits were there in plenty,
and the result was always in the balance-
The score was 6 to 5, and the PonlCs were
first because they played together in bet
ter style and also because the Oakland's
errors were costly.
Danny Shay and the old favorite, Tacks
Parrott, paraded in Pony duds and wens
given the noisy hand by the crowd. Their
I'rcsence seemed to inspire the locals
with that vim and confidence that has
been lacking for so long, and the whole
team presented a front which surpassed
anything they have shown so far this sea
son. . ¦ : -.-. - i>
I Class reserve stake — A. . McLeod's Money
! Musk beat P. J. Horgan's Magnilla 3-2; P.
White's Red Pepper beat J. Regan's Menlo
Prince 11-3; F. Jones' Minnie Sankey a bye,
Jim Fiske withdrawn; Chlarini Bros.' White
Hat beat T. Sullivan's. Vagrant 4-2; P. M.
• Clarkson's Prompto beat F. C. Mack's Delia
M 3-1; G. Bharman's Little Sister a by a,
Glaucua withdrawn; Aeneid Kennels' Aeolus
| beat J. Charlton's Charming Thought 6-2; T.
Jolley's Little May beat J. Hurley's Alfalfa
12-0; T. Maher'B Bad Boy beat J. Hurley's
Sugarcane 6-2; A. McLeod's Pure Pearl beat
T. Maher*s Piker 12-2; J. X Charlton's Cloud
burst beat C. O. Peterson's Lady Nellie 8-1;
<Ja, Trade's Belle Racket beat F. I* Nomse'a
.Gay City 8-4; T. Jolley's Toronto beat Chlarini
JBroV; t- Gambit Qrl:-F. ' C. Mack's Woodcock
TJoyvbeat Aeneid Kennels' May Morning 8-0;
Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat beat P. C.
Bllck's Advance Guard 5-0; J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill beat P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel
8 A
Puppy stake — A. R. Curtis' Miranda beat A.
Vandenberg'B Jack Short. 4-2; A, R. Curtis'
Viking beat H. W. Rlke's NIobe. 8-4; J. Dean's
Vina a bye, Roblin's Art withdrawn; II. C
Delano's Conroy beat- Pasha- Kennels' Rustic
Anna, 5-1; G." Starr's Step On beat J. Demp
sey'B Genevleve, 4-1;" M. C. Delano's Consort
beat W.« O. Brlen's White Cap. $-3; Chlarini
Brothers' Cosette beat J. McCornilck's Free
stone. 11-4; T. Sullivan's Maid of '.the Glen beat
J. L. Ross' Game Bird, 11-4; j.' Regan" a Flora
Belle be&t A. Vanderwhlte's Hot Slugs. 5-2;
Aeneid Kennels' Matters Much beat J. L. Ross'
Creswlck, 12-3- T. Sullivan's Ginger Hill beat
J. J. Lynch'a Chilly Knight, 16-8.
Second round — Miranda beat Vina, 4-1; Con
roy beat Viking, 14-8; Consort beat Step On,
10-5; Cosette beat Maid of the Glen, 5-1; Flora
Belle beat Matters Much, 4-2; Ginger Hill, a
bye.
•Reserve Btake— *P.- J. Horgan's Peerless beat
Pasha Kennels" Real .Lassie. 7-1; P. J. Hor
gan f s. Partial Eclipse beat Kelley AHanley's
Fearful Ship. 4-0; T. Cox's Crockett Hill beat
A. Prior's Nellie Grey, 4-1; A. JlcLeod's
Blonde Beauty beat M. Grady's Real Affected.
12-2; P. Doyle's High Stepper beat J. F. Rog
er's iArbacus. 14-10; M. Nealon's Aeneas beat
J.F. Roger's Coldius, 4-1; D. Ersklne's Laven
der beat Pasha Kennels' Lawrence, 14-6; Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking. Airs a bye. Cottage Lasa
withdrawn."
Second round — Peerless beat Crockett Hill,
2-0; Blonde Beauty beat Partial Eclipse, 13-8;
Aeneas beat Hlghstepper, '6-4; Rollicking; Airs
beat Lavender, 4-2. I •'•' ,'
Third round— Peerless beat Blond* Beauty,
5-0; Aeneas beat Rollicking Airs, 3-2.
Deciding course — Aeneas beat Peerless, 4-1.
Judge Grace gave the course to Aeneas
by a score of 4 to L He- said Peerless
was not on the line of his game by ten
lengths and that Aeneas led and scored
the first turn. As the dogs ran parallel
with the stand the Judge was the only one
in a ; position to see this. Aeneas drovo
the hare to Peerless for a turn, the lat-.
ter's -only point *¦ Aeneas -dashed In for
the kill. Peerless had all the speed, but
did not use it. • ¦ ."; . " , ,
In the special stake to bo run entirely
to-day Palo Alto, Sacramento Boy and
Homer Boy are; the overnight favorites.
Each is held at 7 to 2. Wedgewood Is at
6 to 1, Vandal 8, Narcissus and Flying
Fox io. •:• ¦ ' . ¦ :'-i' ''^ ¦¦''¦¦¦
In the remaining rounds of the Class
Reserve stake Little Sister Is favorit© at
3 to 1: Prompto, Aeolus and Toronto ara
at 5; Cloudburst 6; Belle Rocket 7; Minnie
Sankey, White Hat, Real Aristocrat and
Gold Hill 8. ? The results of yesterday s
coursing, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:- •¦./-' ; .r.-. j; ,-,r .'.;•.*
M. Nealon's Aeneas. won the only stake
which was run to a conclusion yesterday
at Union Coursing Park. The deciding
course developed a difference of opinion
between Judge Grace and some of the
spectators. The latter thought from the
view they had of the course from the
stand that Peerless. did all the scoring.
Otis, oft fourth, immediately shot to the
fore and practically set the pace the en
tire distance. He was always under rs
stralnt, except approaching the finishing <
line, where Singleton shook him up.
Glenwater essayed to take the lead after
passing the club house turn, and did lead
Otis a neck or less for an eighth of a
mile.- After this great spurt on Glen
water's part Otis assumed the lead and
was never bothered, winning cleverly. The
real fijrht was for second place, between
Little Scout, Terra Firma and Aladdin.
Behind Otis this trio came as a team, all
under the whip. Little Scout getting
second, money by a nose from Terra
Firma, with Aladdin only a neck* away.
Summary:
First race, mile and a. sixteenth, selling —
Eocrys won. Brown Veil second,' Kate Freeman
third. Time. 1:48.
Second race, six furlongs— Au Revolr won.
Fore and Aft second. Lacy Crawford third.
Time. 1:14%.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Cogswell won, Tickful second. Red Apple
third. Time. 1:48%.
Fourth race, the St. Louis Derby, . sweep
stakes for 3-year-olds, mile and a half — Otla,
119 (Singleton), 15 to 1, won by a length;
Little Scout, 119 (Coburn). 6 to 1. second by a
nose; Terra Flrma,. 119 (Doroinlck), 11 to 10,
third. Time, 2:35. Aladdin, Flora Pomona,
Corrigran, Le Flare, Glenwater and Sambo also
ran. . ¦ . . . - .- i.-J- •
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Found
won. Wax Taper, second. Rollick third. Time.
1:44%.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling—
Pharoah won, Kitty G second. Free Pass third.
Time. 1:43.
Seventh race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell
ing — Josie F won, Zazel second, Varner third.
Time, 2:00%.
ST. x LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— Thirty
thousand people saw Barney Schreiber's
sturdy^ colt, Otis, son of imp. Sain and Lau
ra Agnes, gallop under the wire to-day a
winner of the St. Louis Derby, worth
$13,000 to the victor. George C. Bennett's
Lamplighter colt, Little Scout, was sec
ond, a length away, a neck ahead of Ter
ra Flrma, the heavily played even money
favorite. £is
Palo Alto, Sacramento Boy
and Homer Boy Share
¦ ;': Favoritism.
Nearly a Million Dollars Is
Handled by Bookmakers
at the Track.
Danny Shay's Great Steal
Home Is the Feature
of the Day.
Practically Sets the Pace the
Entire Distance, Win
mDg Cleverly.
Pentecost Second, While
Blues Finishes in
Third Place.
Oakland Again Defeated
in a Hard-Fought'
Struggle. •
Barney Schreiber's Colt
I - Qaptures the Rich St.
Louis Race.
Peerless, His Opponent,
Has Speed but Does. \
\ Not Use It. . :.. k \-
SUBURBAN GOES
TO GOLD HEELS
PONIES PRESENT
STRONG LINE-UP
AENEAS TAKES
RESERVE STAKE
OTIS IS VICTOR
IN THE DERBY
SHRINERS SPEND DELIGHTFUL DAY
IN THEIR EXCURSION OF THE BAY
Three Steamers ; ;i Are ' Pressec}-' \Into;, Service by the; Entertainment
P Committee- to ; 4£oom^adat% the^G^wd ; andvYarioiis Points of
Interest Are X^gfes^ -t>y P^UgriferisX^ifohi tKe IScmtHXand : Efet
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY, j ; JXTTCEK 15, 1902. ¦
30
Almost as Common in Summer as in Winter
f&\ •; When the blood is charged with Uric Acid and other inflam-
• ; ' l^ 1^^ uiatory matter, and muscles and joints, tissues and nerves having
. y^&J^Si - .become saturated with it, an attack of Rheumatism is liable to
l\ \i J^ x^^v come at anytime, and from very slight causes— sudden chilling
j \^^^^^^W^\ ¦ oi the body when over-heated, exposure to night air, a fit of
f-\c ¦$^^^^^-^J 1^^ indigestion, an easterly wind, or- any sudden change in the
weather will stir the blood and set in motion these demon forces
\)0vW?vC~ -aS^ • as quickly as the cold, piercing winds of winter.
-'" " SvK^S^fe A^ 3 ?' ¦ The real cause of Rheumatisnl is a polluted, sour and acid
'¦¦^^\l\(B^^^fei^^^^ condition of; the bjood;.and,as it the body it deposits
Iliill P'^^^^^W : a gritty* . irritating substance- or Sediment in the muscles, joints
wM\m ¦'¦*&>¦ an d nerves, and it is these tnat produce the terrible pains, inflam-
$MmM mation and swelling, and the misery and torture of acute
' Jf|jf/R i R.blyli/S lifi^^^^ Rheumatism. No other disease causes such pain, such wide-
spread sufFering as Rheumatism. It deforms and cripples its
thousands, leaving them helpless and miserable. When
~~~ T - : - ; . neglected or improperly treated, Rheumatism becomes chronic;
the pains are wandering or shif ting L from one place to another^ sometimes sharp and cutting,
again dull and aggravating. The muscles of the neck, shoulders and back, the joints of the
knees, ankles 1 and wrists, are most often the seat of pain. Countless liniments are rubbed
.upon the affected parts, and plasters are applied to get
relief, but such things do not reach the poisoned blood; GOT PROMPT RELIEF.
their effect is only temporary; they are neither curative : .
nor preventive.- The blood must be purified, the acid Lomsvnxa, ky., April i, 190a.
poison counteracted, and all irritating matter removed GsNTwantN :— For the twenty-three years
from the .circulation before permanent relief and a I have used s. s. s. in my family as a general
thorough cure is effected, and no remedy does this so sp^g tonic. 1 have also used it personally for
certainly and so quickly, as S. S. S. It contains not and got prompt relief, ihavebought
only purifyingand tonic properties, but solvent^ quali- >"/^es of s s. ** #™ «> *£* **£ *
. -~. 11 i-i ., "' 1 • * * J . -,. * . good medicine and -who were unable to buy it
ties as. well, all these, being necessary .in eradicating themselves. There is nothing that 1 can say too
the poison and making a complete and lasting cure of . highly in favor of s. s. S., and will continue both
Rheumatism. S. S. S., cleanses the blood,' and Under to keep it in the house and recommend it to any
its tonic effect the nervous system regains its normal w^ m J think need a sure cure for impure blood
tone and the appetite and digestion improve, resulting ulsui s frooan y"^^
in the upbuilding, of the general health, and because lgl7 Preston ' st ° ur3 very m j^ aitoctsox
of its solvei] t properties all irritating matter and«acid
particles are dissolved and filtered out of the system, thus relieving the muscles and joints
and removing all danger of future attacks. S. S.S- contains no Mercury, Potash or minerals
; of; any 1 description, but is guaranteed purely, vegetable. * Old people 'will" find it not only the
V :¦ , , •'¦'-.'¦'. "¦;. -, n b es t blood "purifier, but a most invigorating tonic. Just
y'jp- '•"' n^ .'¦ '¦'^ pfir^ s^L J^^^i such a. remedy, as they need to enrich the blood and
; \^^*^. Whether you have Rheumatism in the acute or
'^ '^¦'¦ r^^ Ds^H' chronic stage, the treatment must be internal, deep and
!^«^ J I^J-^ I l^fe^F J ¦ thorough in order* to be lasting. • Never be satisfied with
'^*imi*x^ : - an y^hing lessthau . an absolutely perfect cure. I his
; \ ¦ • . 4; v r . '¦'.'•'.'.. ¦-¦ ¦."/ vi; you can get by the use of S.S. S.
¦^Write- us fully and freely about your case, and medical advice will be given \yithout
Kj-e, and bur special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all desiring it.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. GA.True It is, and always has been, that
cheerfulness Is riches that •- cannot be
taxed.— Ladies' Home Journal.
OAKLAND. June 14.— Dr. Isaac S. Esh
leman, a prominent pioneer physician and
capitalist of Fresno, died last night at tho
residence of relatives at 1335 Harrison
street, where he had been visiting. Dr.
Eshleman left Fresno ten days ago be
cause of ill health and to escape the sum
mer heat. The body was sent to Fresno
to-day. Dr. Eshleman was S2 years of
age. A family of adult children survive.
He leaves a large estate.
Pioneer Physician Dies.
See H. Schellhaas — He will tell you why he
sells furniture so cheap. 408 11th St., Oakld. •
Evans is a plasterer. The couple have
three children. Mrs. Evans says she has
put up with considerable abuse from
Evans, but that patience ceased to be a
virtue when he whipped her for not chop
ping wood when she was unable to do so.
Mrs. Evans explained to Justice Henry
T. Morris that the reason she refused to
rise -and carry out the woodchopping or
ders of the boss of the house, who was
resting in bed, was due to the fact that
she did not feel in a mood to swing tha
family hatchet. She stated that when she
asked her husband to excuse her from
starting the fire for once he flew into a
passion, slapped her face and boxed her
ears. As evidences of the encounter Mrs.
Evans exhibited several bruises, which
she asserted were inflicted by her anti
kindling splitting husband.
ALAMEDA, June 14.— Because sh«
would not get up this morning early, split
the kindling and start the breakfast fire,
Mrs. *Targuerite Evans claims her hus
band, E. J. Evans, beat her with his fists.
She has sworn to a complaint, charging
him with battery and a warrant is out
for his arrest.
E. J. Evans* Spouse Fails
to Wield Hatchet and
Row Ensues.
WIFE REFUSES
TO CHOP WOOD
Among those who helped to make the
day a success were Mrs. Laura Albrecht.
Mr. Mouser, Mr. Palmer, W. P. Brewer,
Miss Belle Garrette, j.«rs. Wilbur Walker,
chairman of the supper committee; Mrs.
Mary M. Posey, Mrs. W. J. Stewart, Mrs.
Hamilton, Miss Elsie Marwedel, Mrs. A.
J. McKnight. Miss Ethel Lawrence, Miaa
Clio Posey. Miss Edna Ingram, Miss B. E.
Bruce, Miss Alice Mould, Miss Bessie
Katzenbach, Miss Alice Osborne, Mrs.
Delia Hildebrand, Miss Josephine Mason,
Miss Cummlngs. Miss Evelyn Hills, Mis3
Lawtpn and R. W. Neighbor.
One of the most artistic numbers ontha
programme was the singing of Miss Alyce
Gates, the well-known soprano from
San Francisco. Her numbers were, (a)
"A Madrigal" by Harris, and (b) "If
Thou Should'st Say" by Cnaminade.
At 6 o'clock a supper was served on tho
lawn.
The garden party at Mrs. Laura Al
brecht's in Fruitvale this afternoon was a
most delightful affair and well deserved
the excellent patronage it received. It
was given for the benefit of the King's
Daughters* Home for Incurables in Oak
land and the Presbyterian Chinese Girls*
Rescue Home in San Francisco. Among
the visitors to-day were a large number
of people from across the bay.
Great Chinese lanterns and umbrellas
lent color' and picturesqueness to the gar
den scene and the large cherry trees heav
ily laden with fruit added to the rural
effect. Under a gorgeous umbrella Mrs.
A. J. Irwin and Miss Laura McKnlght
sold baskets of luscious cherries. In the
candy tent, which was bright with pink
blossoms, pretty girls in pink and white
were in attendance.
A piano had been placed on the portico
in front of the house and during the af
ternoon an unusually Interesting and
unique programme was given. A number
of Chinese children from the home in San
Francisco gave some musical selections
that were much enjoyed. The star per
formers were two little tots, each aged
four years, who in response to the popu
lar demand sang a number of Ameri
can songs, among them being "Suanea
River," "My Old Kentucky Home," and
"The Old Oaken Bucket." The singing:
of "The Rosary" by Suey Leen, a young:
Chinese girl with a beautiful mezzo-so
prano, was also a popular feature of the
programme.
Choy Duck, a musical artist, played all
the popular American airs on three or
four different Chinese Instruments.
There was also a chorus of Chinese
voices. Professor Charles F. Graeber and
his mandolin and guitar club from San
Francisco gave several pleasing selec
tions, William Jackson played the banjo
and Dr. Maude Noble was heard in two
delightful trombone solos, "Out on thr
Deep," and "Asleep in the Deep."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, June 14.
King's Daughters' Horns and
Chinese Girls' Mission
Are Benefited.
Mrs. Laura Albrecht Re
ceives at Her Home
in Fruitvale.
GARDEN PARTY
FOR CHARITY
Hume spent Qftcen years in collecting
rnatrrirJs and writing his "History of
England" and two years more in revising
md correct] uz it.
Hebrew School Opened.
OAKLAND, June 11.— A Hebrew re
ligious school, under the direction of
iiiibbi A. Myers, has been opened at the
Byn&goguo of the Beth Jacob Congrega
tion, Harrison street, near Fourth.
KurnHure below con a few days. Corner
etore. 11th St. H. S?h< !!haa*, Oakland. •
The Bells" at the Dewey.
OAKLAND. June It.— "The Bells,"
Swing's masterpiece, will be the carnival
week attraction at the Dewey Theater.
Manager Landers Stevens is making a
speda) effort to please with the iamous
English drama.
OAKLAND, June 14.— The condition of
Walter Erickson, the 15-year-old boy, who
was accidentally ehot by bis older broth
er Thursday night. Is very serious, and he
Is not likely to recover. The doctors at
the Receiving Hospital have been unable
to remove the bullet that pierced his
lr.njr, and his temperature is getting
higher.
Erickson's Condition Serious.
ALAMEDA. June 14. — Mrs. Anna Rounds
xras arrested to-day on complaint of
Charles Moebus, who alleges that she at
tacked his 15-year-old daughter Lottie and
thrashed her without any provocation.
According to Moebus the girl was. sitting
on the beach at the foot of Grand street
¦when Mrs. Rounds approached her from
behind and before his daughter could ret
away or defend herself she was severely
L>*aten by the •woman.
Charged With Beating: GirL
Lillian Agnew was granted a divorce by
Judge Ogden from Leonard Agnew on the
ground of desertion. He Is a pugilist
whose home is now in Honolulu.
Henrietta Castro began suit for divorce
from Angelo Castro on the ground of
cruelty. Bhe charges her husband with
remaining away from home and other
wise abusing her. They were married in
1S38 and have one child. ?
Judge Hall granted divorces to William
H. May from Adelia May and to E. H.
Chaumetto from Emile Chaumetto, both
on the gTOund of desertion.
Judge Ogden believed the wife's Btory,
but refused to give her a divorce because
ehe had not made out a strong enough
case. He eaid, however, that any man
who would strike a woman was a brute
and fit for chastisement. The case went
over until Tuesday for further testimony
la behalf of the husband. Attorney M- C.
Chapman for the wife did not want the
case delayed i>ecause both parties to the
controversy are destitute, and he volun
teered to relinquish his fee of $3} for the
benefit of his client.
The couple were married in 1SS4 and had
one child. But the child died and their
leve grew cold, which finally- produced
that frigidity that froze the speech of
husband and wife. Mrs. Remien testified
that Bhe did not speak to her husband
because he treated her brutally. She said
he threw the furniture at her. and struck
her with his fists. He denied ever having
laid hands upon her.
Henry J. D. Remien and his wife, Clara
Beznlen, lived together in the same house
for six years, and during all that time
never spoke to each other. They occupied
eeparate parts of their house in Fitch
burg and cooked their own meals, and
they etudiously avoided seeing each oth
er. JCow they are pitted against each oth
er in a divorce suit, and the story of their
eilence was told to-day in Judge Ogden's
court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June 14.
Remiens Occupy Same
House but Exchange
No Words.
CEASE SPEAKING
TO EACH OTHER
OAKLAND, June 14.— Thieves last
night emashed the store window at L.
Hcilbronc-r's place, 504 Seventh street,
ettaling five watches that had been left
in the show front.
¦Window-Smashers' Theft.
OAKLAND, June 14.— License to marry
were Issued to-day to Frederick Edwards,
over 21 vears old, San Francisco, and
Flora Wright, over IS. Berkeley; Thomas
McKinnon, 40, and Sophia Lenney, 30,
both of Contra Costa County; Victor
Dunkelberger, 2S, Los Angeles, and Ora
E. Marble, Oakland; Alphonse J. Mervy,
2), and Grace E. Sully. 27. Berkeley.
Licensed to Marry.
ALAMEDA, June 14.— One of the large
delivery wagons of the University cream
ery was struck by the 11 o'clock broad
gauge train at Grand-street station last
night and demolished. The driver, Peter
Hanson, was hurled to the macadam and
badly bruised. The horse were injured,
but not seriously. Hanson was trying to
drive the team on? the track when the col
lision occurred.
Train, and Wagtm Collide.
Although the bold students are some
•wbat ehy about conversing on the sub
ject of their Monterey escapade, it has
leaked out that the wholesale arrest fol
lowed an intercollegiate struggle between
three of the Berkeley students and three
Stanford students who had come into
Monterey from the Stanford summer
echool at Pacific Grove. The surveying
students claim that the Stanford people
erew insulting at a country dance at
vhich they were in attendance and thus
precipitated the encounter.
The constable of Monterey arrested
the whole party from the University of
California on the point of their departure,
although but three of them had been im
plicated. But he was a novice at handling
a. crowd of college youths. They allowed
themselves to be escorted toward the jail
as far as the railroad station, and there
they surprised the minion of the law by
boarding the train for San Francisco in a
body, despite his threats to shoot each
and every one of them.
BERKELEY, June U.— The twenty-six
members of the University of California
cummer echool of surveying, who re
turned yesterday from, their camp near
Monterey, left behind them a strenuous
record of outraged Justice and the law
defeated. All of them had been formally
arrested oa the charge of breaking the
peace the night before their departure and
ail of them, defied the constable and
boarded the train next morning despite
the show of weapons on the part of the
officers of the law. ¦»
Visions of Fat Fees Go a
Glimmering When Lads
Refuse to Yield.
Twenty-Six Youths Take
Train Despite Con
stable's Threat.
COLLEGE BOYS
DEFY OFFICER
Education is not in extensive apparatus
and vast libraries, but in the touch of life
upon life.— Ladles' Home Journal.
It- has been computed: by geographers
that If the sea were emptied of its water
and all the rivers of .the earth were to
pour their present floods Into the vacant
space., allowing nothing for evaporation,
40,000 years would tie required to bring the
water of the ocean up to its present level.
During the last fiscal year there were
3037 postoffices discontinued. As has been
the case in ' recent years, many offices
were discontinued by reason off the rapid
ly Increasing growth of the rural free de
livery service, which covers the same
territory far better and more satisfactor
ily, and 1226 . postoffices were discontinued
last year for that reason. The establish
ment of rural free delivery routes also
resulted in the dlscotinuance of star route
service costing. $131,710 42.— Exchange.
Fewer Postoffices Needed.
The surgeon general of the Marine Hos
pital Service reports that 58,381 sick and
disabled seamen of the merchant marine
were treated during the fiscal year, being
2026 in excess of the number in the pre
vious year. There were 13,341 treated In
hospital, the remainder being dispensary
patients. There were 1369 important sur
gical operations performed, requiring the
use of anesthetics.— Courier Journal
Our Marine Hospital Service.
The United States export trade In horses
has been growing in bulk and in value at
a rate that is as astonishing as it is grat
ifying. In 1891 the exports of horses were
worth about $1,000,000. In 1901 they were
worth about $9,000,000. Great Britain has
been pur best customer. During the pe
riod from 1895 to 1901 that country import
ed American horses to the value of $35,
000,000. These figures do not include the
trade In mules. From September In 1899 to
December in 1901 the mules sent to Great
Britain from this country were worth, or
at least cost, $6,000,000. The South African
war, of course, has Increased the demand
for both horses and mules,. but it should
be. noticed that the demand did not orig
inate with the . South African war. It
antedated that war by several years. It
was growing steadily when the war be
gan. '.¦ It will continue • after the war is
ended. Great Britain, however, while our
best customer, is not our only one. There
are other • countries where American
hcrses are needed. The distribution of the
export horses In 1901 is Interesting. South
Africa took 37,465; Great Britain, 22,698:
Canada, 8438; Cuba, 4436; China, 2317; the
Philippines, 1578; Japan, 1535; British" Co
lumbia, 795, and the British West Indies,
Foreign Customers in Purchase
. of Livestock.
Great Britain the Best of America's
ASTONISHING GROWTH
IN TRADE IN HORSES
190. It Is evident that the horse market
is about as wide as the world. It is also
a market that is wide in another respect —
it demands horses of all kinds. ;The
American exports have Included trotters,
pacers, runners, draught horses, road
sters and stallions for breeding. The tri
umph of the American trotting horse is
particularly noticeable. Almost all Euro
pean. countries have recognized the value
of the American racer and likewise of the
American trainer. Good specimens of
both have gone to Germany, Russia, Aus
tria,'England and France. The breed of
horses in those countries will be perma
nently improved. In all this there is a
certain amount of glory and a great deal
of money. .The United States has plenty
of prairie on which to grow horses, and
as long as foreign nations want horses Is
ready to supply them.
boats start for the dumping ground, eight
miles out at sea. When they are nearly
there compound pumps are started, which
supply water to free the discharge valves
of the packed sand. When the dumping
ground has been reached the valves are
opened about three feet by hydraulic
power, and a pressure of about sixty
pounds to the square inch aids gravity in
clearing the hoppers.
Altogether it Is estimated nearly 40,000,
000 cubic yards of the bottom of the bay
more than six times the estimated total
excavation for the Japanese Park reser
voir—will be carried out into the ocean by
these -boats, which dig up 8000 tons of
mud and sand an hour. It is estimated
that two years' work will complete the
channel. — World's Work.
band played "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner."
Mayor Barstow's Welcome.
The final opening in the evening was
monopolized by the disciples of the White
Mayor Anson Barstow stepped forward
and presented a large golden key to Di-
r «ftor General Schlueter of the carnival,
rhe Mayor said a few words of congratu
lation to the Elks and extended a hearty
welcome to all visitors to Oakland and
the fair. Director General Schlueter re
plied on behalf of the Elks.
Senator Lukens then called upon Abe P.
Leach as Sir Carnival to make proclama
tion of the opening, which Mr. Leach did
In the following words:
To North, to South, to East, to Went I turn, -
And raise my voice — for I have voice to burn
And bid ye fair ones, fare ye to the Fair!
Come, help us slay our enemy, Dull Care;
And place the Crown of Joy on Merriment
Come, haste ye unto booth and unto tent.
And find ye there again the fun of Youth
And laugh the laugh that rings as True as
Truth.
Here learn that happiness which hath no flaw
Our only business is being gay.
Our only creed is living for to-day. •
So, happy mortals, dance and sing like me
with Bhout and quip and Jestand laughter free
I here declare you free from woe and care
Only the gay deserve this Elksome Fair.
Let sound the cannon. Drain the brimmine
cup. B
Throw dullness to the winds and whoop things
up.
Highbinders Hold Sway. *
faces into the redwood boards. Ah Gin'
See, a famous Chinese actor, opened the
session with a lot of high signs. He
wielded two bolos menacingly and sang
in falsetto; while four of his countrymen
banged huge plates of brass and beat the
drums. Then the imitation Chinamen
joined in the chorus, and wound up the
seance with an unexpected attack on the
two Satans, who were finally put to the
sword in true Christian style.
SUCCESS IS ASSURED.
Oakland Is Full o.f Visitors Attracted
by the Carnival.
OAKLAND, June 14.— If there was ever
any doubt of the success of the Elks'
Street Fair and Carnival it was removed
to-day. With the booths and exhibits
still unfinished, and only a portion of the
amusements in operation^ the grounds
were crowded all afternoon, and between
11 o'clock in the morning and 6 o'clock
In the evening 2200 paid admissions were
registered. It was hardly expected
that there would be much of a crowd
during the day owing ¦ to the un
finished condition of the. grounds,
and the big attendance was expec
ted to begin this evening and on Mon
day. When it was discovered that the at
tendance began so early, it became evi
dent that it would be all that could be
asked for the coming week.
San Francisco is being drawn upon
largely. The city of Oakland is full of
strangers, showing that many have come
from across the bay, and from the in
terior of Alameda, Contra- Costa and San
ta Clara counties.
There was a (slight accident at' the
grounds to-day, which caused the im
mediate establishment of an -emergency
hospital.* Mrs. H. H. Hale fell from one
of the carriages of the Ferris Wheel.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that she was more
frightened than hurt.
The Elks then appointed a committee,
consisting of Dr. H. B. Mehrmann, F. J.
Lea and F. W. Leavitt, to establish an
emergency hospital. A i space was se
cured next to the Fabiola Hospital booth,
and two cots were erected. Fabiola Hos
pital will supply two trained nurses and
Gates of Elks' Fair Are Thrown Open to the Public, While Whistles
and Bells Sound Rejoicing, and All the Gayeties of the Fete Are
On — Visitors Are Extended a Hearty Welcome by Mayor Barstow
HIghblndery from Alameda and Oakland,
longs Nos. 1 and 2 having been charged
with the obligation of providing fun for
the multitude. The Highbinders, arrayed
in all the splendor of the Orient, marched.
Chinese fashion, through the streets and
into the fair grounds. The clang of clm
bals and the boom of firecrackers marked
the march of the Highbinders and a great
crowd was attracted by th<? sight. Sen
ator E. K. Taylor, the great tong, garbed
in majestic silk robes and crowned wl^h
a gorgeous headpiece, directed the march
from an automobile. Dr. Tom Carpenter,
as Empress Dowager, occupied a part of
the automobile ar.rl gave the high signs
to the fa'.ti.ful. A long line of hatchet
men tra'l<-J after and thon came . the
dragon, gayly bedizened and blinking two
ominous tire eyes. Real Chinede were to
have carried the hideous monster, but
they refused vj tleflle their haiuis when
they found that it had not been conse
crated by' a priest.
Eighteen Alameda "Lumpers" had to
be used at the last moment to get the
thing to Oakland. The tail end of the pro
cessjon was protected from assault by two
representatives of his Satanic majesty,
A. P. Smiley and A. G. Dexter, also in
an automobile.
Within the grounds the civilized band
gave way to the heathens, who usurped
the band stand and platform instantly.
Forming ¦ in a semi-circle the Confucians
prepared to Indulge in their mystic canta
tions. Mephistopheles Smiley waved his
sclmiter and all salaamed, sticking their
Through the very center of lower New
York Bay, to take the place of the -old
circuitous route, a direct channel Is being
dredged to a depth of forty feet.' The big
ships like the Deutschland, the Kaiser
Wilhelm and the new Kronprlhz, which
are forced now to await the flow of the
tide, will have regular sailing hours.
The digging of a ditch under water is
scarcely less interesting than the cutting
of a deep trench like the new subway in
New York through the city streets. In
this particular channel borings have been
made which show that the flnding of. rock
is decidedly improbable. Two great twin
screw hulks of steel, built much like long
rectangular boxes, with vertical stack,
foremast and mainmast, steam dally into
the channel's course, and the big suction
tubes are lowered and are sunk about ten
feet into the sand and mud of the bot
tom. The pump is charged, and the bot
tom of the bay begins to run into about
a dozen hoppers, which extend for 125
feet through the center of the dredge.
Meanwhile the boat moves forward at a
rate of about twenty-five feet a minute, so
that new material can be fed constantly
in the hoppers by the suction. When the
hoppers- are entirely filled the tube is
drawn up, the pump is stopped and the
Soon Have Regular Sailing
Hours.
Big Ships Like the Deutschland Will
CHANNEL FORTY TEET
DEEP BEING DREDGED
The official opening was quite ceremo
nious and a little delayed. Several hun
dred members of Oakland Lodge of Elks
gathered on the big platform behind the
High School, with G. R. Lukens, exalted
ruler of the lodge, at the head. Senator
Lukens opened the fair as the sessions of
the lodge are opened, with full ceremonial
and a statement of the cardinal princi
ples of the order — charity, justice, broth
erly love and fidelity. As the motto of
the station of exalted ruler was an
nounced the flag of the United States was
unfurled by D. S. McLaughlin and the
five times In thirty-six hours. It
was opened by a parade last night, only
the participants In the parade being ad
mitted within the gates. JThen it was
opened this morning at 9 o'clock, when
the local Elks made their visit to the
grounds. At 11 o'clock this morning the
general public was allowed to enter the
gates, this being celebrated by 'the blow
ing of whistles and the ringing of bells
all over the city. In the afternoon the
official opening took place, Mayor Bar
stow and the local lodge of Elks doing
the honors. The Alameda and Oakland
tongs of White Highbinders began th-5
evening ceremonies.
OAKLAND, June 14.— The official
opening of the Elks' Street Fair
and Carnival took place this aft
ernoon. The fair has been opened
Dr. Mehrmann has undertaken the supply
of physicians so that instant attendance
may be furnished any one who may be in
jured.
Grand Marshal George E. de Golla,
who had charge of the parade last even
ing, has issued the following:
The Elks desire to express their gratitude to
the various participants in the parade last
night. "We all must feel that the occasion was
a good thing for our city, and it shows that
when our citizens work together cood results
follow. We thank the various organizations
taking Dart in the parade for their most ef
fective eSorts.
As srand marshal I desire to express my
personal thanks to the officers of the various
societies, and particularly to thank Chief of
Police HodKkins and my chief of staff, F. J.
Lea.
WOMEN'S WORK IN EVIDENCE.
Delicate Refreshments Are Served by
Different Organizations.
OAKLAND, June 14.— The Quaker girls
In the colonial kitchen did a thriving busi
ness to-day in coffee and sandwiches.
The waitresses all wore gray gowns with
the characteristic cap, apron and neck
erchief of spotless white. Mrs. A. L.
Wolfe presided and was assisted by Mrs.
C. Downey, Mrs. E. L. Dow. Mrs. John
Albright, Mrs. G. "W. Peer, Mrs. W. A.
Schrock, Mrs. Florence Pebble, Miss Mar
garet Hamilton, Miss Marlon Hbrton and
Miss Ruth Morse. On Monday Mrs.
Charles J. Heeseman-will be la charge.
At the Emeryville Free Kindergarten
"Mystery Booth," uncanny "ghosts" sold
mysterious packages in a very earthy
and businesslike manner. Mrs. F. M.
Hurd, Mrs. Charles Helsen, Mrs. M. W.
Archibald and Mrs. J. F. Yearsley were in
charge to-day.
The ladles of the Toung "Women's Chris
tian Association caterad to a large crowd
to-day and were as busy as could be de
sired all afternoon. Monday .will be
"Southern day" and real old-fashioned
fried chicken will be the special dainty
offered. Mrs. T. C. Judkins will be chair
man of the day.
HAS DOUG THAT PENH"
BROUGHT FROM ENGLAND
When the fair closed this evening the
Fabiola ladies' stock of doughnuts and
paper hats was completely sold out.
At the quaint "Squirrel Inn" where the
members of the New Century Club act
as hostesses, a large crowd enjoyed hot
biscuit and. luscious coffee.
Having Barest Prize in
. the Country. -
Philadelphia Miss Prides Herself en
"In 1699, when "William Penn sailed from
England In the good ship Canterbury for
his second visit to his American colony,"
writes Mary Townsend Kirk in the Jan
uary Ladies' Home Journal, "he brought
with him an English doll, of which, so
far, scant notice has been taken, although
it is believed to be to-day the sole surviv
ing representative of that voyage across
the Atlantic This doll, selected by Wil
liam Penn's daughter Letitia, was sent
by her to a little Miss Rankin of Philadel
phia, and, after two hundred eventful
years, still retains, in a marked degree
much of the brightness and beauty of
those early days when she was the pet of
one little Quakeress after another Her
dress, not having • changed with the
changing fashions. Is the court dress of
that period and Is made of striped and
delicately tinted brocade and velvet- the
skirt Is very full and Is distended over an
enpnaous hoop. She is twenty inches In
height and her figure is long waisted and
slender, as are the pictures of court
beauties in those days. The full basque
spreading out from the bejt over the skirt
enhances the slender effect. The hair Is
rolled away from -the face much In the
fashion of to-day. She now lives In
Montgomery County, Md.
Flag of the Nation Unfurls Itself Before Cheer
ing Throng During Formal Ceremony and
the BancT Plays "Star-Spangled Banner"
dragon of the "white highbinders that was a feature of
the opening parade of the elks' carnival and some, of
sThe'members of the alameda tong.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
FROM NORTH, EAST, SOUTH AND WEST SIR CARNIVAL
BIDS THE GOOD PEOPLE COME TO VIEW THE SHOW
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES.. OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
31
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fine hardwood parlor *
tatle, 24-inch square top, j
$1.00. Entire houses, |
flats and ho'els furnished. i
! Credit and free delkery I
within 100 miles. n
T. BRILLIANT S
FURNITURE CO. jj
338-342 fOST STREBT, Q
Opposite Union Square. uMovements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
June 14, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich time. .
r j. t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Time Ball.
given is suntracted from the depth given bj
the charts. Vhe plane of reference is the meat
of the lower low waters.'
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL..
FROM SEATTLE.
The Quickest and . most convenient way in
and out' of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a. m. on the California limited you
are in Yosemtte to-morrow, at 5 d. m. . ¦ . ¦
Call at Santa Fe ticket ofOce. 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars, •
'Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
..... Saturday, June .14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 65 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 4a hours.- . ¦ ; . •
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson. 57 hours ; from
Grays Harbor: bound to San Pedro; put' in to
land paeseacers. .
Stmr Albion River, Jacols, 13 hours' from
Albicn. . • ' ¦ '•
Stmr NewburK, Erlckeon, 61 hours from
Grays Harbor. • •
Stmr Cella, Hogan, 18 hours from Mendo
cino.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson,. 58 hours from Coos
Bay. via Port Orford SO hours. ,
Stmr Dei Norte. Green. 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Marshfield, Dettmers, 04 hours from
San Pedro. ¦ ;. .
v stmr Alliance, . Hardwick, i days from Port
land. . - ' '. . ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Army Lieutenant Arrested.
Nelson R. Johnson, who says he in a
lieutenant in the army, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace. He was in the Qr
pheum Friday night in the boxes, 'drink
ing champagne, and, it is charged raised
a. disturbance. A waiter happened to
brush against him and claims he used
unparliamentary language, for which he
was arrested by Special Officer ; McCabe.
The special attorney for the prosecution
said that Nelson had apologized for. his
conduct and as he was to leave on the
transport Warren " to-morrow he asked
that the ca?e be dismissed. The Judge
talked to him, severely about his conduct
and dismissed the case.' .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published, by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
•: ,< SUNDAY, JUNE 15.
Sun rises • , 4:47
Sun sets 1 7:33
Moon sets :.1:16 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of ths
day, «jcet'pt when there are but three tides as
Bometlmej occurs. The heights riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart*, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then, the number
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The schooner CarrLe and Annie was cleared
yesterday for Butaritari, Gilbert Islands, with
an assorted cargo valued at $6861, manifested
and destined as follows: For Caroline Islands,
$3002; Gilbert Islands, $2533; Marshall Island?,
$42«. The cargo included the following:
For the Caroline Islands — 2850 lbs and 17 cs
millstutts. 15t!ti lbs siiear, 048 lbs and 10 .cs
bread, (£! es assorted canned goods, 1981 lbs
rice, 304!) lbs beans, 491 lbs salt, 140 lbs dried
fruit. 15 pkgs dry goods, 9 pkgs drugt, 14 cs
soap, 57 cs coal oil, 28 pkgs hardware, 138
pkgs table preparations, 15 cs books and sta
tionery, 13 pkgs furniture and household goods.
For the Gilbert Islands — 2420 ft lumber. 2500
shingles. 164 pkgs building material, 1300 lbs
millstuffp. 450 lbs sugar, 22 cs bread, 54 cs
coal oil, 26 cs canned goods, 60 pkgs table prep
arations'. 830 lbs rice, 500 lbs salt, 2 coils rope,
9 pkgs paint, 33 cs soap, 6 pkgs drugs, 11
pkgs stationery, 11 pkgs . dry goods, 34 pkgs
hardware, 4 cs books.
For the Marshall Islands — 206 pkgs building
material, S22 lbs beans, 1000 lbs rice, 8e4 lbs
bread, 6 c« eoap. 4 c« coal oil, 4 cs paint.
A Cargo for the South Sea Islands.
The British ship Talus was cleared ye«t»r
day for Cape Town, South Africa, with 72,859
ctls wheat, "valued at $SS,400 and 12,000 feet
lumber as dunnage valued at $180.
Wheat for South Africa.
Harry Clark, a laborer residing at 14^
I^angton street, employed in the building
of the United Railways' new power house
a* the foot of Buchanan street, was se-
TWely Injured yesterday. Clark was
wheeling a barrow of bricks upon a plat
form, when he fell a distance of thirty
feet, receiving internal injuries. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Laborer Falls Thirty Feet.
Shipping Merchants.
The British steamer Kirkdale loads railroad,
ties at Burrard Inlet for Taku, 37s Od; char
tered in England.
The schooner Alumna is chartered for lumber
from Coos Bay to Delagoa Bay at 67s 6d; and
the schooner Otelia Pedersen, same business
from Whatcom to Hongkong at 40s; both char
tered rrior to arrival.
The schooner Okanogan loads lumber at Lud
lcw for Honolulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reinsurance Change.
Reinsurance on the British ship Patterdale
was advanced yesterday to 30 per cent
The Kosmos liner Hathor arrived yesterday
from Puget Sound and docked at Howard
street wharf No. 3, where she will finish load
inc for Hamburs.
Hathor Arrived.
ABTILLEKYMEN LEAVE FOB
WEEK'S CAMP AT STOCKTON
First Battalion Departs for the Mill
City. for Instruction and
Drill. '
The First Battalion of artillery left last
evening for Stockton, where it will be
in camp until the 22d inst. for instruction
and drill. This has been named Camp
Bangham as a mark of esteem to Colonel
N. S. Bangham, assistant adjutant gen
eral'-of the State. Major Bush, com
manding the- battalion, announced' before
departure that the men must appear in
undress uniform with white collars and
gloves on all' occasions of ceremony and
that the wearing of campaign hats in any
other than the original shape will not be
permitted.
Private Frederick A: Mayrjard of the
battalion band has been promoted to
chief trumpeter.
Last Friday night a committee on be
half of the management of the Irish Fair,
recently held In the Mechanics' Pavilion,
visited the First Regiment armory and
thanked the members of Company C for
having given an exhibition drill during
the fair. At the same time the chairman
handed to Captain Frank K. Moore, the
commander, a fine gold medal bearing the
Inscription. "Souvenir of the Irish Fair,
Mechanics Pavilion.. 1902." .
The several organizations of, the Fifth
Infantry -have completed all arrange
ments to go into camp at Ukiah in a few
days. t : ..'.; .
Two. Firemen Receive, Reward.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
received a check yesterday for $50 from
the California Lounge, and Mattress Com
pany to ' be paid , over, to Fireman Joseph
O'Brien, and Substitute - Edward • Long.
The two ' firemen were burned about the
hands andface in the- fire at the compa
ny's factory,' at Seventeenth and Folsom
streets,', early, yesterday morning. Both
men are out of danger and are recovering
from their Injuries.
The launching was performed without
en accident. Among the prominent peo
ple present were Captain Stephens, Cap
tain Cook, Captain Metcalf, M. C. Valin,
J L. Howard, Charles \V. Howard, Cap
tain T. H. Frolich and Chief Wittman.
A large crowd witnessed the successful
launching of the last of the three torpedo
bcat destroyers built by the Union Iron
Works. The launching took place at 7:10
p. m. yesterday. Mrs. L. 6. Adams, wife
of Lawrence S. Adams, assistant United
Etates naval constructor at the Union
Iron Works, performed the ceremonies.
The name given the vessel was the Paul
Jones. ¦
Vessel Amid the Cheers of a
Large Crowd.
T-irs. L. S. Adams Christens the New
TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER
SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED
That the appointment by your Excellency of
this day as a. legal holiday will afford Friday,
Saturday and Sunday, three consecutive days,
for a general thanksgiving and celebration of
our national independence, besides a welcome
period of rest to the people generally.
Wherefore, your petitioners pray that, under
the powers vested In you by law, you declare
Saturday, the fifth day of July, 1902, a ¦ legal
holiday.
That it has been ascertained that a general
sentiment exists in favor of observing the fifth
day of July of this year as a general holiday.
The Chamber of Commerce, in conjunc
tion with the State Board of .Trade, the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion and other commercial organizations,
has sent the following letter to Governor
Gage, requesting that the fifth day of July
be declared a public holiday:
The undersigned petitioners respectfully rep
resent:
That the Fourth day of July of this year
falls upon Friday and that the succeeding: day,
Saturday, is usually observed as a semi-holiday.
Francisco Petition Governor for
Necessary Proclamation.
Commercial Organizations of San
"WANT FIFTH OF JTTI,Y
FOB PUBLIC HOLIDAY
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look 'after your own comfort. Tho com*
f ortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAT W. ADAMS.
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building. Saa Fran
cisco, Cal. . '
Young Men Will Camp.
The boys' department of the Young
Men's Christian Association of this city
goes Into camp to-morrow at Korbel Can
yon, near Guerneville. The camp has
been named Camp McCoy, in honor of tha
general secretary of this city. Over a
hundred boys of the San Francisco Asso
ciation alone will be in attendance. There
will be representatives of the boys' de
partments of the associations in Northern
California. . The camp will continue for
one month, from- the 16th of June to' tha
16th of July. Quito a number of tha
young men of the association will spend
their vacations with the boys. The camp
la under the direction of Matthew C.
O'Prien, physical director of the local as
sociation, assisted by A. Claude Bradea.
secretary of the boys' department.
"WASHINGTON, June 14. — Senator Proeto?
to-day introduced a bill authorizing tho Presi
dent to appoint Captain Charles F. Clark, lati
of the battleship Oregon, a rear admiral.
R. Benny, a river man, was' burned to
death in a tent in February, near Fort
Gibbon. His companion, John Sullivar.,
may die.
The story of a petrified ship having been
found on a mountain 200 miles from Daw
son is verified by Rev. J. H. Woodin and
Bookkeeper G. A. Katterer of Fort Yu
kon. They say it is on a plateau between
Porcupine River and the Arctic.
George Carpenter, a San Francisco
newspaper man who lost his feet and
hands from freezing near Nome and later
became a raving maniac, is being taken
to Seattle. A Scotchman named Kittridgc
Is also a maniac, because of having frozen
his hands and then thawed them in a
stove.
The bodies of two men were found on
the trail between Kaltag and Old Maa
Mountain, near Rampart. The advices
received here gave no names.
Favorable news has been received from
Koyukuk. J. R. Matthews, a steamboat
man, says the camp Is rich and the-new
creeks are showing up well. Agent Voi
ney Richmond of the Northern Commer
cial Company writes to the same effect and
emphatically says, the country Is rich in
metal. Gold Creek is best and Hammond
River next In order. Many others are
paying.
Circle City was flooded. The water
reached across to Birch Creek on. the flat,
eight miles south. It wa? caused by a
big jam three miles below Circle. Much
damage was dene, principally to the
Northern Commercial stores.
DAWSON, Y. T., June 14.-The Hannah,
the first steamer from the lower river,
arrived from Ar.dreafsky last evening
with sixty passengers, 200 tons of freight
and mail. She started May 23. The river
had been clear for several days. The wa
ter was never so low before, but she
crossed the Yukon flats by way of a new
channel cut out by the extremely hish
water of last month. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Contracts have been let by the Realty
Syndicate to John Dickie & Co. of
San Francisco for the construction of
two modern three-deck passenger ferry
boats for the Emeryville ferry system.
The boats, which will be constructed on
Oakland harbor, are planned to cost $175,
000, or $200,000 each, and are to have every
convenience and up-to-date improvement.
The vessels will approximate the dimen
sions of the Southern Pacific Company's
Berkeley, but will have an upper or hur
ricane deck for passenger use. The plans
provide for a series of water-tight com
partments bulkheaded and arranged to
meet the requirements for safety in case
of accident. ; „,..- ¦ • -, -.
The engines of 1500 horse-power, the
same as that of the Berkeley, ¦ are beinpr
partly built in the East. It is estimated
that the trip across the bay will be made
in five or seven minutes less time than
Js now consumed on the Southern Pacific
line. • •
The engineers have decided to cross the
Southern Pacific tracks at Emeryville,
either overhead or by tunneling beneath
the track srade.
.Work on the new steamers will be com
menced very soon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•118 Broadway, June 14.
Ever since Harbor Commissioner 3. D. Mac
kenzie took his seat at the board there have
been rumors of contemplated active ax prac
tice by the San Jose politician. The result
of his activity vas made known yesterday
when Secretary English gave out a list of
twenty-two names of employes " whose heada
had fallen . under the Mackenzie ax. Th-i
changes will bo into effect to-morrow. Fol
lowing is a list of the changes: R. H. Heffer
nan, patcher, vice H. Jacobs; Mose Lee, deck
hand, viee J. J. Green; J. McGrayne, patcher,
vice J. Mulcaire; Lloyd R. McGinnU, janitor,
vice Charles Borho; H. K. Waterhouse, in
spector, vice J. Flannigan; E. J. Powers, en
gineer tug Markham vice M. H. O'Donnell:
James Welsh, deck hand, vice E. F. Wells;
Joseph Currington, foreman sweeper, vice Rob
ert Boyd; Mat O'Brien, pileman. vice C. R.
Hale; Benjamin Jones, patcher, vice P. J.
Gray; I. Berliner, janitor, vice A. J. de Leaga;
J. D. Sheble. carpenter, vice F. J. Murray; C.
F. Botcher,, carr enter, vice F. C. Fessler; N.
VaJianos, watchman and clerk, vice D. H.
Thomas; T. J. • Lennlhan, electrician helper,
vice W. Chamberlain;. J. Cannon, blacksmith
helper, vice J. Lynch; P. W. Horstman, sweep
er, vice William Maguire; James Galvin. labor
er. Belt Railroad, viee J. Mulcahy; Morris
Kelly, cartman, vice James Bowen; Mat Smith,
raftsman, vice D. Williams; P. Callsen. rafts
man, vice P. Murphy; O. Hornline, painter,
vice E. Sweeney.
Ax on the Water Front.
The cargo of whaling supplies , with whltf)
the schooner Bonanza was loaded was not
damaged - by the leak that caused the littifc
craft to abandon her voyage to Point Barrow.
She was placed on the dry dock, where her
cargo was discharged, and will resume her
voyage in about a week. The heavy weather
strained her timbers amldship and the rud
der casing. The Bonanza, although nearly
thirty years old. is still a stanch craft. Sho
was built originally as a yacht for W. C.
Ralston of the Bank of California and Major
'•Dick'" Ojrden. She' has been engaged in
numerous trades and has established a repu
tation for speed up to which she still lives.
Bonanza's Cargo Not Damaged.
First Lower River Ves
sel Gsts Through to
the Capital.
Build Two Fine Pass
enger Craft.
Realty Syndicate Will
PEACE reigns between the Panama
Railroad Company and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, the old
relations have been resumed, and
the competitors of a week ago are
now advertising joint schedules in cir
culars signed by a representative of each
concern. The first of the Pacific Mail
beats to take up the joirit schedule will
be the Acapulco, which sails from this
port June 18. Until further notice de
partures from San Francisco will take
place every ten days, on the 8th, 18th and
2Sth.
GIVES CONTRACT
FOR NEW BOATS
STEAMER HANNAH
REACHES DAWSON
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 14—
Stmr Kinshiu Mara, from Seattle and Victoria,
B C, for Hiogo. Shanghai and Hongkong.
TENERIFFE— Arrived June 14—Stmr-Lux
or, from San Francisco, via Valparaiso, etc,
and Montevideo, for Sun Francisco. •
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Arrived June 14— Ger bark Carl and Br bark
Castor, from Oregon: Br ship Cralgerne, hence
Fen 0; Br bark Invercoe. hence Feb 10.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 10— Ger bark BJHe
for Honolulu. June 11— Br ship Mayfleld, for
San Francisio. ¦ ..
TYNE— Railed June 12— Br ship Godiva, for
San Francisco. ¦
KINSALE — Passed June 13 — Ital ship Nar
cissus, hence Feb 1. for Queenstown.
MALTA— Passed June 13 — Br 6tmr Chins
Wo, from Tacoma. for London.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed June 12— Br' shlii
Dunbritton, from Oregon, for Antwerp.
SCILLY— Passed June 13 — Br ship Penthesi
lea, hence Jan 30, for Queenstown-.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 13— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Seattle, for St Michaels.
Arrived June 14— Br stmr Athenian, from
Hongkony. . / . . ......
BREMEN— Arrived' June 14— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Seattle.
YOKOH AM A^Salled June 13— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma.
HULL-r-Arrived June 12— Br ship Afghanis
tan, hence Feb 5,
SHIELDS— Arrived June 12— Br ship Eva
Montgomery, hence Jan 22.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 14— Oer ship
Alsterkamp. from Tacoma
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 14— Ital ship
Narcissus, hence Feb 1. •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 12— Br ship
Scottish Minstrel, from Oregon. -
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed June 10— Russ
ship Imoerator Alexander II, for San Fran
cisco. . , , . . .- N ¦
Ger stmr Hatlior, Peterson, 68 hours from
Port Townsend: put In to finish loading.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 7 days from Bal
lard. >
S;hr Albion, Anderson, 59 hours from Co
f.nlUe River. '
I CLEARED.
Saturday, June 14.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Pollard
S3- Co.
Stmr Bonita, Crockett, Seattle; Goodal, Per
king & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander, San Pedro: Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Hall. Victoria and Port Town-
Bend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Esenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld'a Sons.
Br ship Talus, Fisher, Cape Town; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Schr Helene, Christiansen, Honolulu; J D
Spreekels & Bros Co.
Schr Annie and Carrie, Mitchell, Butaritari,
via Honolulu; Rev W Frear.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 14.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, San Pedro. ¦
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. Eureka..
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson. Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, Crockett, Seattle.
Schr Ida. A, Campbell, Fort Ross and Point
Reyes.
Schr Emma Claudina. Mlkkelsen, Eureka.
Schr John A, Nllsson, Portland.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Rosehill, Honolulu. .
• SPOKEN.
March I, Iat U 50 N, Ion 25 60 W, Fr bark
Marguerite Marabaud, from Antwerp, for San
Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 14, 10 j> m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles per hour.
* DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed June 14,-7 a m—
Stmr Pasadena, 1'rotn Eureki^'for Ban Pedro. I ¦
: PORT ..TOWNSEND— Arrived' June 14— 8chr
Otelia Pederson, from Honolulu, for — -; achr
Robert Lewers, from Honolulu, for Port Gam
ble.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 13— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skagway. June 14 — Stmr. Spokane, for
Sltka.
TACOMA— Arrived June 14— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence June 10; atmr Lyra, from Se
attle.
Sailed June 14— Schr John F Miller, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 13— Btmr
San Pedro, hence June 9: schr Waweeme, from
San Pedro.
NEAH BAY—Passed in June 14 — Br bark
Ivanhoe, from Honolulu; Br atmr Wearside,
from Junin; stmr Aztec, henea June 8.
Passed out June 14— Stmr Washtenaw, from
Seattle, for New York.
EUREKA— Arrived June li— Stmr G C Lin
dauer, hence June 12.
Passed June 14— Stmr Acme, with schr C A
Klose in. tow, hence June 7. for Siuslaw River.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 14—
Stmr Coquille River,- from Fort Bragg
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 14— Schr Fred
E Sender, from Tacoma; schr Alvena, from
Tacoma; schr ,W F Jewett, from Tacoma;
Btmr Santa Cruz, hence June U.
Sailed June 14— Stmrs Fulton and Coronado,
for San Francisco; bktn Espada, for Seattle
ASTORIA— Arrived June 14— Stmr Colum
bia, hence June 12; schr Fred J Wood, from
Hakodate. June 13 — Schr Alcalde, hence
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June 14— ShiD
Kennebec, for Boston. . .
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived June' I4I-
Schr Acme, hence June 13.
VENTURA— Sailed »June 14— Barge Santa
Paula, for San Francisco, in tow of tug Res
cue. .
PORTLAND— Arrived June 14— Stmr Colum
bia, from San Francisco; schr El Dorado, from
Callao; bark, Jacobsen, from Nantes.
FOREIGN" PORTS. .
ANTWERP— Sailed June 12— Br bWd Hel-'
ensburg. for San Francisco.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed June 11— Br ship
Arrnnmore, for Ban Francisco.
vefo A a^ IO FoT H H-u^ Ued JUne 1Mr bark In "
The section of pipe that burst was thir
teen inches in diameter and about the
same length from flange to flange. Had
it been long&r the rip would have been
greater in proportion and nearly every
one would have perished in the hull.
Charles Lee. the chief engineer, says it
was one of those unavoidable accidents
that sometimes happen. His presence of
mind in shutting off the steam prevented
the victims from sustaining greater in
jury than they did.
Foreman Harry Dixon of the Risdon
Iron Works started to work immediately
to repair the damage done so that the
ship may pail according to schedule.
Finally men found their way up from
below and told the story of their, awful
experience. Their clothes were drenched
with scalding water and their flesh raw.
George I>e Brou was carried up first,
writhing in pain, and it was several min
utes before Callahan, Bandel, Carew and
Haines were discovered and placed in
ambulances. At the hospital everything
possible was done to alleviate the suffer
ings of the injured, and with . the excep
tion of Callahan and Le Brou, all were
sent to their homes after treatment.
VICTIMS' FLESH SAW.
STEAM PIPE BURSTS.
Without warning a section of the Eteam
pipe rent under the pressure and instant
ly the space was tilled -with the scalding
vapor. The break was just above the
steam chest, and about thirteen Inches in
length and half an inch in width.
For a time pandemonium reigned. As
the vapor and boiling water flooded the
place and came in contact with the vic
tims* flesh, their shouts and groans arose
above the hissing and roar of the steam.
Twenty men were hemmed in the small
compartment- The burning clouds blind
ed them and those who were not in the
immediate vicinity of the break groped
about to find some means of escape.
On deck the noise and dens; clouds of
steam attracted instant attention and the
same condition of chaos prevailed. Deck
hands jumped to the wharf and a stam
jjede occurred in the direction of the
gangways. Chief Engineer Charles Lee,
%vho was seated in his cabin, immediate
ly surmised what had occurred and mak
ing his way to the boiler-room, chut off
the supply of steam from the big heateis.
When the hissing of the steam ceased
the work of rescue commenced. The
sieara was so dense in the lower com
partments of the ship and where the suf
ferers were penned that for several mo
ments no one could descend from the
deck.
George Le Brou, an oiler in tne trans
port service, was ecaldec on the *ace,
arras and body above the waist. He was
horribly parboiled and after treatment at
the Harbor Hospital was sent to the P:c
sidio Hospital, tiio condition is such ihat
the physicians declare ther-j is little
chance for his recovery. William Carew,
second engineer on the coat, was badly
cooked on the face, arms ana chest. Wil
liam Struss, junior engineer, was scalded
Slightly on the lace, and Jamts Rlley, the
ship's plumber, received injuries to the
cUest. B. Callahan, machinist, and Ed.
ward Haines and J. A. Banue 4 ., machin
ists' helpers, employes of the Risdon Iron
Works, were also scalded. All but Jiiley
and Struss were sent in ambulances tu
the Harbor Hospital.
The Meade was litd up at ifii Folsom
etreet wharf and was undergoing repairs
preparatory to sailing on Monday. The
gleam gauge registered 12'J pounds of
steam and the feed pipes leading from the
boilers to the engines wore open. A num
ber of mechanics were occupied in the
engine-room, tinkering here and there,
and firemen and coal-passers were busy
ttowing away fuel.
Scadling steam from a feed pipe that
burst on the United States army trans
port Meade yesterday afternoon injured
seven men, one probably fatally and the
others seriously. Th<i men were confined
in the engine-room and when the burning
vapor enveloped them were unable to es
cape until rescued by other employes on
the ship, some minutes ialcr.
As a proof of the nutriment to be found in
the California, grain hay, the use of it by
pome horsemen in the East, I should think, is
sufficient evidence for the Government of its
superior quality. For the last four or five
years ' we have, been shipping. California grain
hay for very valuable racehorses. If the own
ers of *uch valuable stock did not know the
strength and untriment in it they certainly
would not have it brought from here tn prefer
ence to using the hay they raise at their very
doors. Our hay that sells for $12 here sells
for $25 in the East, but the Government could
ship any quantity froin one to 100.000 tons,
and for $12 it could be put alongside the veg
sel. But people in Washington and Oregon
have a stronger null with the administration
than have we folks of. California.'
J. G. Johnson had this to say In sup
port of his argument that the Government
can find no better hay for Its horses than
can be purchased in this State:
There is no trouble in obtaining all the hay
required on short notice. We can compress it
aa desire* and can to-day put it free on board
at ?12 50.
NONE BETTER THAN OURS.
It is a fact beyond dispute that our hay is of
superior quality and will Rive stock .more
nourishment and strength than the hay from
the north. Such has been proved by the chemi
cal analysis of some of . our most prominent
chemists, we' havlns submitted samnles of
both our own and the hay from Washington
for the purpose of a fair decision. Hay is gen
erally half and sometimes one-third the price
the Government is paying in the north for a
poorer quality. . No good reason can b« as
signed why the Government • should not take
advantage of this sreat difference, both in
quality and price, and purchase its hay In this
marUet.
Our Senators and Congressmen are evidently
not working as hard for our State and its in
terests as are the Senators and Congressmen
of Oregon and Washington for theirs.
Miller goes on to say:
Miller said that the officers in Manila
were mostly all Eastern men, who are
prejudiced against California grain hay
In favor of timothy hay, which, with
blue grass, is used altogether In the East.
Miller stands by the argument and as
surance of many well posted authorities
on the subject, and declares that Califor
nia grain hay is far superior to the tim
othy both in strength and quality.
On every hand it Is urged that the
prevailing price of oats in San Francisco
is much . lower than in the States of
Oregon and "Washington.'.., -¦ .'•
W. A: Miller, .of the firm, of -Miller &
Co. ,* wholesale commission deals in hay
and, grain, .said yesterday that the Gov
ernment in purchasing its hay from the
Northern may.cets pays about $23 a ton,
and he further declared, as did J. G.
Johnson of Benicia, that it could buy bet
ter grain-hay In San Francisco for $12.
GOVEBNMEtfT PAYS HIGH.
The Government frequently finda It
necessary to make up a mixed cargo of
hay and oats and as the timothy hay is
only obtainable in the Northern markets,
except at an increased cost on account
of freight, it may be that the Government
concluded to make its purchases of oats
in the same markets where the timothy
hay is obtainable.
The last requisition of the Government
for" oats was not advertised in -the San
Francisco market, but the reason may
be that timothy hay, such as the Govern
ment Is using in the Philippines, couM
not be obtained here and if oats anil
hay were brought to this market, it would
be the means of adding $2 50 or more per
ton to the Government cost.
Another reason given for the lack of
orders for oats Jn this market Is that :n
all probability the Government may have
investigated and found that oats were flot
obtainable In sufficient quantities to fill
the desired orders. . Now that, the new
crop Is arriving, it- is estimated that
orders can be filled shortly from this
market even under $135.
The exceedingly large purchases made
In the Northern markets by the British
.Government for South African shipments
have been the means of materially ad
vancing values in those markets, that
Government having paid. from $160 to?170.
The British Government has, however,
made some purchases in San Francisco
ar. about $1 45 to $1 50.
At that time, about a month ago, only
a small portion of the order could be filled
through the San Francisco market, owing
to the lack of Bupply of the quality de
sired by the. English.
MAEKET LACKS SUPPLY.
During the last two weeks the Govern
ment has placed an order on the Northern
markets for 1600 tons of oats, though no
houses of this city have not yet been def
initely advised that it has been fulfilled.
It is said that the prevailing price of
oats here is much lower than on the
Sound, where it Is admitted that the last
Government bids were $1 60 and $130.
whereas this market's .prices have been
anywhere from $1 30 to 51 50. £-.*';:
There are those who are connected with
the trade who do not believe that the
Government authorities are showing dis
crimination in favor of the Northern mar
kets, while admitting that big orders hav«
been recently placed at Portland, Seattle
and Tacoma. '•¦ . ¦
Several reasons are given for the neglect
suffered by this State, one being the in
ferior quality of the oats that had been
at one time purchased for the. Govern
ment in this State for the Philippines.
Some are inclined to blame the trans
actions of inspectors whom the Govern
ment employed, to pass upon the quality
of oats purchased and accepted from the
contractors, which, upon Its arrival in
Manila, was found to be not only unsat
isfactory, but such' as would not be ac
cepted • from any responsible dealers in
the trade. . . ¦• ....
The report has been . current for some
time that the Government is purchasing
oats and hay from the markets of Oregon
and Washington to the detriment of the
State of California,. which, it Is admitted,
is being overlooked in that important mat
ter. ¦;¦:"¦ t '¦¦"¦'¦ •¦¦
Victims Struggle to Escape,
but the Burning Vapor
Drives Them Back.
Superiority of Grain Hay Is
Advanced Over the
Steam Pipe Bursts and
Parboils Imprisoned
Mechanics.
Dealers Talk on Govern
men b's Supposed.
Discrimination.
SEVEN SCALDED
ON THE MEADE
NORTHERN OATS
HAS PREFERENCE
32
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX;, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902
Pacific Mail Company and the Isthmus Railroad Corporation Resume
Former Relations and Inaugurate Joint Schedule— rHeads of
Twenty-Two . Water Front Employes Fall Under the ; Ax
WILL RUN STEAMSHIP TO PANAMA
THREE DAYS OF EACH MONTH
NEW PACIFIC MAIL STEAM
SHIP WHICH IS EN ROUTE
TO THIS* CITY.
0 Time Time Time
e Ft. 1 Ft.
<* L W H W %j W
in 1:47 1.3 8:10 3.0 1:10
Hi 2:."UI 0.8 0:14 4-.0 l-;55
17 .'::2«! 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:U0
I* 4:<H>! — O.l 11:001 4.2 3:20
19 4:81)1—0.3 11:45 4.3 4:00
20 8:121—0.3 12:20 4.4 4:40
21 I 5:4I)|— 0.3 1:10 4.4 5:151
Time
Ft. FL
H W ¦
2.2 7:54 6.U
2.C 8:34 f..<;
2.8 0:13 5 6
2.11 9:17| 5.5
2.SI1O;1S! 0.4
2.8!lO:47l 5.2
I 2.0111:151 5.1
Steamer.
From.
me.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June X 5
Phoenix...... Mendoclno City June IB
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 15
Rival Willapa Harbor June 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 16
Kdith Seattle June 16
Eureka Humboldt • June 16
Sequoia Redondo June 10
Umalllla Puget Sound Port» ....June 18
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June IB
Eureka Seattle June 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma. June 17
Coronado. . . . San Pedro June 17
NorthFork.. Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Argo Eel River Ports June 17
Aztec Nanaimo June If)
Tampico Kahului June 18
San Pedro Grays Harbor , . . June 13
Leelanaw . New York via Panama. June 1**
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria June la
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 19
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyadts Honolulu , June 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 2t
Chehalis San Pedro' •- . June 21
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . June 2:
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Ajpfjuipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 26
Queen I Puget Sound Ports June 2(5
Steamer. I Destination. I
(Sail*.! Pier.
Jane IS.
Arctic Humboldt
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way..
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcpm.
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way..
Jane IB.
Alliance Portland & Way...
Pt. Arena,. Point Arena
Peking China & Japan ...
Pomona Humboldt ,..
Jane 17.
Atcata Coos Bay St Pt Qrfd
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma..
Phoen{x... Mendocino City ...
Albion Plv. Pt. Arena & Albion
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.
Jane 18. -
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ....
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor
Argo , . Eel RJ ver Ports
Lakme Portland & Way ..
Rival WlUapa Harbor . . .
Eureka.... Humboldt ,
Acapulco. .. Panama & Way...
June 10.
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma..
Corona Newport & Way Pts
State Cal... San Diego & Way.
' June 20.
North Fork Humboldt
Hathor Hamburg & Way. .
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports.
June SSI.
Gaelic China & Japan ....
Alameda... Honolulu
Chehalls... Grays Harbor
Jnnc 22. .
Bant* Kosa San Diego & Way.
Columhia.. Astoria & Portland
Jane 34.
Tampico... Seattle & Honolulu
Jane : 25. -
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports,
llandalay.. Coquille River .:..
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 10
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pmiPier in
12 m|Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
« pm|Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 21
3 pm Pier 2
1 pm Pier 2
4 pm PUr 2
12 m Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
0 am Pier 13
12 m PMSS
9 am Pier'ii
0 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 2
...... Pier 10
11 am Pier 10
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
4 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
...... Pier —
11 am PUr 10
4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
"or.
Sails.
City Seattle. Bkagway & Way Ports.. I June ltt
Dolphin Skagrway & Way Ports.. | June 18
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 10
Farallon Bkagway & Way Ports. | June 20
Al-Ki. Skagway & Way Ports. . |June 20
Excelsior..,. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJune 25
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports, June US
Senator Nome ...July l
Cottape City. Skaeway & Way Ports. July 2
Roaroke.,... Nomo & Bt. Michael, .. July -3
Steamer.
From.
me.
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June X 5
Phoenix...... Mendoclno City June IB
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 15
Rival Willapa Harbor June 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena June 16
Kdith Seattle June 16
Eureka Humboldt • June 16
Sequoia Redondo June 10
Umalllla Puget Sound Port» ....June 18
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June IB
Eureka Seattle June 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma. June 17
Coronado. . . . San Pedro June 17
NorthFork.. Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu June 17
Argo Eel River Ports June 17
Aztec Nanaimo June If)
Tampico Kahului June 18
San Pedro Grays Harbor , . . June 13
Leelanaw . New York via Panama. June 1**
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria June la
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 19
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyadts Honolulu , June 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 2t
Chehalis San Pedro' •- . June 21
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 22
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . June 2:
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Ajpfjuipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 26
Queen I Puget Sound Ports June 2(5
Steamer. I Destination. I
(Sail*.! Pier.
Jane IS.
Arctic Humboldt
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way..
Queen Puget Sound Ports.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcpm.
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way..
Jane IB.
Alliance Portland & Way...
Pt. Arena,. Point Arena
Peking China & Japan ...
Pomona Humboldt ,..
Jane 17.
Atcata Coos Bay St Pt Qrfd
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma..
Phoen{x... Mendocino City ...
Albion Plv. Pt. Arena & Albion
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.
Jane 18. -
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ....
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor
Argo , . Eel RJ ver Ports
Lakme Portland & Way ..
Rival WlUapa Harbor . . .
Eureka.... Humboldt ,
Acapulco. .. Panama & Way...
June 10.
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma..
Corona Newport & Way Pts
State Cal... San Diego & Way.
' June 20.
North Fork Humboldt
Hathor Hamburg & Way. .
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports.
June SSI.
Gaelic China & Japan ....
Alameda... Honolulu
Chehalls... Grays Harbor
Jnnc 22. .
Bant* Kosa San Diego & Way.
Columhia.. Astoria & Portland
Jane 34.
Tampico... Seattle & Honolulu
Jane : 25. -
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports,
llandalay.. Coquille River .:..
10 am Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 10
5 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
1:30 p Pier 11
4 pmiPier in
12 m|Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
« pm|Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 21
3 pm Pier 2
1 pm Pier 2
4 pm PUr 2
12 m Pier 2
12 m Pier 2
0 am Pier 13
12 m PMSS
9 am Pier'ii
0 am Pier 11
0 am Pier 2
...... Pier 10
11 am Pier 10
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier 7
4 pm Pier 2
0 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
...... Pier —
11 am PUr 10
4 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
"or.
Sails.
City Seattle. Bkagway & Way Ports.. I June ltt
Dolphin Skagrway & Way Ports.. | June 18
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. June 10
Farallon Bkagway & Way Ports. | June 20
Al-Ki. Skagway & Way Ports. . |June 20
Excelsior..,. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJune 25
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports, June US
Senator Nome ...July l
Cottape City. Skaeway & Way Ports. July 2
Roaroke.,... Nomo & Bt. Michael, .. July -3
0 Time Time Time
e Ft. 1 Ft.
<* L W H W %j W
in 1:47 1.3 8:10 3.0 1:10
Hi 2:."UI 0.8 0:14 4-.0 l-;55
17 .'::2«! 0.3 10:10 4.1 2:U0
I* 4:<H>! — O.l 11:001 4.2 3:20
19 4:81)1—0.3 11:45 4.3 4:00
20 8:121—0.3 12:20 4.4 4:40
21 I 5:4I)|— 0.3 1:10 4.4 5:151
Time
Ft. FL
H W ¦
2.2 7:54 6.U
2.C 8:34 f..<;
2.8 0:13 5 6
2.11 9:17| 5.5
2.SI1O;1S! 0.4
2.8!lO:47l 5.2
I 2.0111:151 5.1
Sealskin Jackets
$I35-«Worth $175
This magnificent offer Is made eo!ely tp
Rive our Fur Department a wi'Hr ac-
quaintance, and we
/.52jr>'- w:n have to wut >-
fraw it July 1. The
?t*3.-t!y*i garments are" very
A >- j6 rif '*' an^ beauti-
*4ty/T ful- They are made
-ejp 1 Vx£s»__ ' — in the new season's
G»3n»<BFSv style, of course — tram
!?J3«3i.Vv>k:» line J-on<3on dye.l
P«g«S3SBSg2L skins, in the popular
lw^^7>* 22-inch ler.srth and
%»£&&ff *£v wi 'h double-breasted
frv^fiF 5/ or l)ias fronts. Thsy
MfXEatSk^ §£ have large collars
/©^ra^f^SPVttt an<i revers. and the
4£y" %*&*^>I? latest bell sleeve?
JB5 I \Sr «al and cuffs. The fact
/_V-»/. /7i+ t!lat the y we re man-
I-***~ 1^ — ' * '*¦ J , ufactured tn our
¦ own workrooms Is a
guarantee of quality inside as well as ap-
pearance outside.
20 Per Cent Off
On All Furs
Until July 1st.
Everything from one end to the other
of the stock is included in this sweeping
offer — jackets, capes, collars, scarfs
robes, children's seta, trimmings and eo
on. Our reason for this sale is a double-
barreled one. We want to stimulate busi-
nt-FF — to transform one of tha dull periods
of the year into a busy one. And we want
to bring to your notice the greatest, grand-
<"st, rnoet varied collection of elegant and
1 Tactical furs we ever brought together
It will pay splendidly to anticipate your
fur purchases while this chance is open.
Twenty per cent discount on repairing
altering and remodeling this month.
I 219 Grant Avenue
O , . -t-h
S Specialists in Diseases of Men
Trustworthy, Reliable, Compe.
tent. Our Methods of Treatment
Overcome the. Worst Cases of
Neglect, Mistreatment and AH
Contracted Disorders. |ip.
AFTER AN EXPERIENCE OF OVER 25 YEARS IN TREATING AND
curing, diseases of men, we do not hesitate to say that we are especially
qualified through this long and active experience, that our methods are
without doubt more successful than will be found in any institution of its
kind' in. the whole country. We make no claim to infallibility, but we do
claim to have cured hundreds of cases that others have failed in tven
benefiting, and had pronounced incurable. A case coming to us is given
a thorough examination, hia condition thoroughly understood. No experi-
menting, no false promises made, but the patient given a careful diag-
nosis and prognosis of his case. If we believe he can be helped and cured
he is p-ainly told bo. If his case 13 considered incurable by . us we as
frankly state our conclusions and decline to treat the case. In selecting
a physician . to treat you, use great care, remember that experience
coupled with 'a thorough medical education, with a history. of phenomenal
success in our particular 'line, especially recommends us to your favorable
notice. If you are ailing, having any disease peculiar to men, we cordial-
ly invite you to call. After consulting with our physician you will most
assuredly be convinced of our ability to cure you, our honesty of pur-
pose and superior facilities.;
DR. JYLEYERS& CO.
731 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal;
Office Hours, 9 to 12, 1 to 4, 7 to 8; Sundays, 0 to 11.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ....-,-¦-.. '.
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
THIRD WEEK OF OUft
Extra Seductions
in All Departments.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Geary and Stockton Streets, Unija Squira.Modern Mermaids.
The society girl who cannot swim It tha
exception nowadays. Swimming is healthful.
and besides the up-to-date bathing raits are>
bewitching. The new swimming pools at Hotel
Vendome. San Jose, are tha latest attractions
of the many offered by that popular resort. *
"I wanted to showV* she said, Vthat
woman is maligned, that brevity is quita
as much her attribute- as it is man's, anct
so when he proposed I had to say Tes." "
"Tou might have said, 'No,'" It was
suggested.
"Not at all." she protested. "When you
say 'No' you hare to explain why you say
It* and tell how sorry you are, and Jt
would have spoiled everything."— Chicago
Post.
Twenty citizens who were arrested oa
Market street Friday for fast driving over
a street crossing appeared yesterday i»
Judge Mogan's and Judge Fritz's courts.
They were all discharged with a warning
with the exception of one defendant, who
was fined $5 because he had made insult
ing and offensive remarks to the arresting
officer.
Fast Drivers in Court.
Recent : arrivals " at . . "White Sulphur
Springs, Santa Rosa, are; Mrs. J. Hi Rox
burgh, R. " G. Barnett, ' L. E. ' Medau,
A; M. Regan,: Mr. Mullen, . Mrs. ' Claxton,
and' son, Mr." Harvelle, "W. Blah, Miss
Blahr Mrs. Ida Brown, Mrs. , Mabel Mul
len,-Ed Mullen, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. - Gresonr Seattle. :
Arrivals for the week at the Mountain
View ranch, Santa Cruz, are: J. R. Rleg
ger, Miss Lillian^ Rannes, Miss . Cecelia
Rannes, Mrs. M. . S. ' Jonas, Helen Jonas,
Mrs. William Kennedy, Claire F. Ken
nedy, .VivianaE. Kennedy, Mrs. S. "Wil
liams, Adele Ephraim.'Mrs. "W. D. Daw
son, Mildred Dawson, Lester Dawson,
Mrs. L.r Hetty, Elsa Hetty, Marie Hetty,
Mrs. D. Gutmann, Miss Irma Gutmann,
Mrs. P. I. Harris, Mrs. E.'S. Levy, Miss
Sadie. Levy, Mr. -Levy, Mrs. Ed Lewis,
Clarence Lewis, \ Mrs. P. Harder, Mlss
Alma Harder,. Mrs. J. H. Callahan,- Harry
Callahan, Mervyn Callahan, Raymond
Callahan, Leo Cooper, Mr. Davis, Mrs.
W. Conradi, Mrs. Rudgear, Mrs. O'Con
nor, ;": H. J.' Haaf , Mrs. Strunsky, Miss L.
Jonas, • Mr. and - Mrs. D; Levy, . Gus Levy,
Mrs. Simpson, San. Francisco: : George
Harrison, . Berkeley; Mrs.'- L. E. Carson,
Miss O.>B.' Jackson, : Mrs. L, Carson, Mr.
Mitchell and Ed Hendy, Oakland; Lewis
Valle and Gordon Clement/Princeton:
Four ladies who testified for the defense
in Judge Fritz's court yesterday after
noon in the ease of Charles J. McGlynn,
paying teller . of the, Hibernia Bank,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon upon John Buhmann, cashier; in
Moraghan's oyster-house, California mar
ket, on the night of May 21, gave very
strong testimony in favor of the defend
ant. They were so incensed at the brutal
clubbing administered to him by the
cashier, a waiter and Special Officer Por
ter that they gave him their names and
addresses so that he. could subpena' them.
The j ladles were Mrs. Virginia ' Cervelli,
Mrs. Mary Valente, Mrs. Angelo Santos
and ' Mrs. Clara Freitas. They had at
tended. a convention in the Foresters?
Hazel Corbett, Kid Lewis, Miss Grace
Wollpert, Mrs. Charles Wollpert, F. W.
Randolph, James J. Schmidt, Mrs. James
J. Schmidt, J. B. Sykes, Mrs. Sykes, L.
Eleclakey, David L. Storms, Fred New
man, Peter D. McCullough and C. Blunck,
San Francisco; Mrs. Ed Schwevin, Miss
Gertrude .Bruns, Miss Bertha Fischer, El
vln - M. Murdock, James B. Papson and
Thomas Rooney, Alameda; Mlss Maud
Patton.'T.- Crossman, Ferd Ellery and
Mrs. F. Ellery, Oakland; Irving McCul
lough,- David E. .Jones and Silas Pepper
and son, Berkeley; I. T. Pollard, Fern
dale; Mrs. C. D.- Gordon and Miss Mollle
Gordon, El Paso; "William J. Boyle, Lon
don; C.W. Nell and Claude Street, Santa
Rosa; E. P. Foster and wife, Ventura; F.
M. Weger, A. F. Calhoun, Mrs. Klttrell,
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. McClure, George
Shattuck, A. B. Tindall and C. G." Halll
day/Ukiah., ¦ - •
View books, photographs, Mexican
carved leather articles, orange wood pan
els, redwood bark novelties, scenic play
ing cards, etc. The i greatest assortment
of real nice things in the city. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. \ •
California Souvenirs,
Ladies Testify He Was
Attacked by Three
Men With Clubs.
M'GLYNN CLOSES
STRONG DEFENSE
The matter was argued by Attorney
Costello for the prosecution and Attorney
Stafford for the defense. Stafford mad a
the point that a man has a right to at
tempt to regain possession of personal
•property, and even to use violence If
necessary to that end, and cited cases In
support of his contention. The Judge said
he would read the testimony and authori
ties cited and render his decision next
Thursday.
Harbor Hospital; Dr. W. S. Stanton. Po
licemen M. Barry and P. J. Campion and
Sergeant B. McManus all testified that
the defendant was not intoxicated.
B. G. Hyland, who" was with the de
fendant at the time, testified that * the
cashier insisted, that he had given the de
fendant his change and called the defend,
ant a liar. The defendant made a move
toward the cash register and the cashier
struck him on the face. A man rushed
at the witness and struck him two or
three times with a club. He saw another
man clubbing ; the ¦ defendant. Then he
heard police whistles blowing and went
away.
PICKS TJP A BOTTLE.
The defendant picked up a bottle as the
cashier came at him. He denied that the
defendant used any vile language.
The defendant was recalled and testified
that he had not yet received the 40 cents
change.
Dr. James D. Murphy, who stitched and
dressed the defendant's wounds at the
• She saw the cashier, the waiter who
had served them and Special Officer Por
ter each striking the defendant on the
head with, a club. The defendant had his
hands above his head, as if to ward
off the blows. - The waiter struck the last
blow as the defendant fell to the floor,
covered with blood. She did not see the
defendant with a bottle in his hand, nor
did she hear him use any vulgar lan
guage. She saw Louis Fontenell. who
testified he heard defendant use a vile ex
pression, and had no hesitation in saying
that he was noisy and under the Influ
ence of liquor. The special officer had
his coat off and did not wear a star. The
waiter ran into the ladies' compartment
with his club, and Mrs. Valente salu to
him, "My God, you have killed v that
man." She did not see any blood upon
the cashier. The other three ladies cor
roborated Mri Cervelli.
SAW DEFENDANT BEATEN".
Hall that night and visited th\oyster
house on their way home. .
Mrs. Cervelli testified that she and the
other ladies were eating In the same
room as the defendant and his friend,
both of whom were perfectly sober, talked
quietly and conducted themselves as gen
tlemen. A few seconds after the defend,
ant left the room she heard .a scuffle and
the crashing of glass and ran out to see
what .was the matter." . - : - ¦
¦ PERSONAL.
• The Misses Gertrude and Lillian Zobel are
spending the summer in Ben Lomond, Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. Morton L. Cook and children are at
Fairfax, 'Marin County, for the summer.
Mrs. J. CorinBon (pee Beck) will be at home,
1781 Ellis street, this afternoon from 2 till 6
o'clock. ,
Mlss Georgia Mortimer of San Francisco is
at The Laurel, Los Gatoa.
Mrs. Ed M. Hirschfelder of Ventura is visit
ing her elster. Mrs. B. Goldberg, at 2478 Bush
street.
Miss Blanche Sllberberg leaves to-day on au
extended trip to Santa Monica and Los An
geles. While there she will be the guest of her
cousin, Mrs. I. Raphael.
Miss Brightie Alexander of 4i Van Ness ave
nue has gone to Sacramento to visit her aunt,
Mrs. N. Hill.
A carty consisting of Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Caldwell and
son Onrille, Mrs. E. J. Crowell. Mrs. Alexan
der H. McDonald. Dr. G. McDonald, Mn. J.
Boyer. R. Caldwell and T. Brown left last
week for a month's trip to the Yosemlte Val
ley. ? , . i
Professor W. W. Stone, principal of the
£5™«" Grammar School, left for Spokane
on the Columbia.
..M"- /acob Shemansky and her daughter
r^SHt 2L Portl «»d. Or., are stopping at Mrs.
Goldb «"£/ is ' 7«1 McAllister street. Will be
home Thursdays. ¦ • •
™ M T' and * r "^, E - Schmidt will spend the
cummer at Hle-hland Springs,
r Jh M i SSM E J eanor "id Agnes Gorevan and
nephew James have gone to Grass Valley on a
-rFt.J 1 - "V stewa rt and Miss Frances Stew
f^ ? ?v ret £ rne(1 trom **>* Eas * a nd are stay
ing at the Cumberland
—^"irF 01^* Wallace* and her two children,
"JIH 1 M ' ss ,, Eu a and Lottie Schneider of this
city and Miss Claire Bartells of Alameda, are
spending their summer vacation at Mountain
Brow, San Mateo County
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Merrell and son. Millfcrd
C. Merrell. who are now In the Yosemite Val
ley, are expected home in a few days. • •
Mlss A. M. Vessing has returned . to her
home. 2106 Larkln street.
Mrs. Charles F. Geggus has taken Ivanhoe
Cottage at Ross Valley for four'months.
Mlss May McCorkell is spending a vacation
with Miss Bessie Pettus at Oakcroft Mill Val
ley.
Esther Tittell. who has been the leading
woman of Charles Frohman's companies for the
last seven years, sailed yesterday on the
Cunard line for an extended trip with. her hus
band. George E. Crater Jr. Attorney Crater
and his wife will visit all of the principal cities
of the Old World before returning via San
Francisco, which was the former home of Mlsa
Tittell. She is a native of California.
Dr. George W. Burgess of Honolulu was the
guest of Dr. A. Miles Taylor, 1106 Post street,
during Shriner week.
Mlss Johanna Volkmann, "Miss Hochstein
and Messrs. D. G. and W. G. Volkmann are
enjoying early horseback rides at Rowarden
nan. A number of. the guests have their own
saddle horses. Mlss Marion Smith and Mlss
Winnlfred Buridge each have a horse and have
much pleasure riding about the picturesque
roads of Ben Lomond. Among the arrivals are
Mrs. Bosqul and her two children and nurse,
from Telluride, Colo. ¦
AT THE RESORTS.
The arrivals at Byron Hot Springs during the
last week are: From San Francisco — W. J. S.
Powers, J. D. Coughlln, . A. B. Miller. George
Gossman. Max Salomon, Mrs. Mae Rhainey,
Joseph McClay, Ferdinand Toklin, F. M. Le
land, J. Goldman, R. G. Guyett, N. E. Neary,
A. W. Baker. Captain Lefavor, U. .8. N.,
Charles H. Lombard. J. Greenbaum, Mr. and
Mrs. C. S. Moses, Mrs. A. H. Lutter, Henry
Goldwater. H. C. Tilden, Eugene Danenbaum,
X. Piers, Mrs. A. L. Oppenheim, A. T. Azeroth,
Mrs. C. A^ Kaighin. Alvln Heyman;. Al Lewald,
Mrs. Maud Nourse, Mrs. M. Judda and son,
Mrs. Radofsky, H. L. Samml, Burt Stlmpson.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Cohn. Mlss Edith Cohn, ai.
Brilliant; from Oakland- — James Flynn, B. II.
Begley. H. "Windier; Nevada City— J. J. Ott,
Mrs. T. H. Hicks; from Berkeley— Mendell
Welcker. Adalr Welcker; from Lodi — Mrs. W.
M. Langhorst. Miss D. Langhorst; from San
Jose — P. A. Allen, A. C. Kuhn; from Bakers
field, J. S. Campbell: from Hanford, E. C.
Chapin; from New Tork, M. J. Roberts; from
Benlcla, Captain JE. Morton; from. Stockton,
George ChirnI; from Redwood City.- George Ba
ker; from Firebaugh, Mrs. J. "W. Schmltz and
son; from Portland, Or., George K. Burton;
from Denver, Colo.; Mrs. Fritz Thles; from
Jamestown, Cal. — Mrs. W. Dane, Mrs. J. L.
Witney; from Oregon. A. W. Fox; from : Grass
Valley. W. D. Michell: from Kern. Louis Ol
sen; from Alameda, Mrs. M. E. McNorton;
from Philadelphia — A. K. Stewart, wife and
maid, S. L. Anderson: from Chicago — C. S.
Hutchins and wife, M. .L. Brcnson, A. D.
Hughes, F. S. Palmer; from Buffalo, N. T.,
Mrs. R. E. White and son; from Minneapolis,
Minn., J. M. "Davidson; from New Orleans. L.
M. Bernhardt; from London. England, W. • C.
Johnson; from "Washington, D. C, R. G. Hen
derson.
Recent arrivals at Hotel Mateo: From San
Francisco^ — Mrs. Charles Ackerman, Mrs. Em
ma Joseph. Miss Joseph, Miss Ada Joseph, H.
B. Putnam and wife, Mlss Clare Moore, N. P.
Vallejo, J. Munford. Mrs. E. Lebenbaum. Misa
Olga Lebenbaum, Mrs. L. Mack, Arthur Leben
baum, Dr. Albert Wheeler and wife, M. Hyman
and family. T. Llghtner, T. Nicholas, Dwlght
Porter. H. McKnlght, A. Robinson, Dr. C. C.
Mohun and wife. Miss Grace Fern, Mrs. Albert
Lebenbaum. Babette Lebenbaum, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Hyman, child and maid, Sidney Joseph, Al
bert Johnson, Harry Butter, Edna M. Brown;
from Glasgow, J. A.,Redfern; from Berkeley —
Charles Sleeper, Anita Sleeper, O. Butler, A. F.
Henry: from Naples, Mrs. J. H. "Williams;
from Los Angeles — Mrs. J. Milner, Harry Arn
son: from Santa Rosa — Mrs. L. Macklin. John
Macklin: from New York — J. K. Dobson. Mrs.
I. J. Johnson; from Oakland — Charles Popert,
John Wenzell. Harry AVilliams; from St. Louis.
E. Bradley: from Portland, Or. — A. S. Bowen,
David Bush, A. J. Ward, Walter Warner, C.
(All Dotlces Intended for. this column must
be vouched for by the name and address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.)
HRINERS have been the center
(\ji/\ °* attraction everywhere dur
\^^C\ Ing the last week and San
Franciscans have reserved the
G~~~<S right to look at them to their
hearts' content. Meanwhile the
happy Shriners have shown no hesitancy
In returning: the gaze whenever they were
not otherwise engrossed in donning fezes
and collecting badges. The tourists made
a brilliant sight, bedecked in their gala
day costumes and glittering badges. They
brought to the city as much sunshine as
they found here and In departing will
take with them a warm welcome to come
-THEYB/E ENGAGED.
The marriage of Mlss Lydia H. Meyers of
Baa Francisco and Alec Friedman of Oakland
will take place to-day.
Mr*. B. Btraua announce* the engagement cf
her daughter, Therese, to Joseph Goodman of
'^S^™* CaL Ax nome on Thursdayj. June 19,
at ISIS Sutter street.
Tfce engagement of Miss Millie Bchmltt and
Caariee B. Stanley has been announced. The
**rrfage will take place In July.
The engagement reception of Miss Ruby
wrlti of Portland, Oregon and Samuel
werthelmer of Salt Lake City will take place
to-day from 2 to 6 o'clock at the Miramar Ho
tel, TOS Geary Btreet.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Basch announce the engage
mest of their daughter Sarah to Benjamin
Barteajh of Philadelphia. -At home Sunday,
Jane 23. from 2 to 6 o'clock, 1176 Bills street.
1*1-1 WATt-Tj-TPyn
? pretty weddinr occurred at the Second New
Jerusalem Church, Washington and Lyon
•treeta, on Wednesday. June 11» at noon. Rev.
Worcester performed the ceremony which
united in .marriage Mlss Crttcher, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Critcher, well known resi
dent* cf San Francisco, and Reginald Atthowe,
with Goocall. Perkins & Co.
At a culet home wedding on Wednesday last
Mlss Irene P. Hoppe became the bride of Frank
H. Klefer. Only relatives were present. The
marriage occurred at the home of Mr*. J. J.
L&ngo. the bride's sister. Mlss Tlllie Hoppe
was maid of honor and Charles Thumler best
man. The bride Is a daughter of A. Hoppe
and the groom is an actor at the Grand Opera
house.
The xnarri&ge of Mrs. Donovan Gianettoni and
Mr. Buszlnl was celebrated Sunday evening,
June 1, at 126 Xoe street. Rev. Mr. Brlggs
performed the ceremony. . The following were
present: Mr. and Mrs. Doollttle. Mr. and Mrs.
Glllett Mr. and Mrs. Tamo. Mr. and Mrs. E.
May, Mr. and Mrs. J. Keherer. Mrs. Edna
Keherer. Mrs. Alice Hall, Mrs. Olsen, Mrs. I*
Johnson. Mrs. G. Buzzlnl, Mrs. Davis, Misa
B. Doolittle. Miss Lyke. Miss L. Tamo. Mlss
Stella Buzzinl. Miss Esther Buzzlnl, Mlss Edna
Buzzlnl. Miss Anita Bu4zlni, Mrs. M. Buzzlnl
Jr., M, Buzzlnl Jr.. 8. Gianettoni. O. Keherer,
T. Garcia. W. James. T. Sheridan, C. Benja
min. M. . Buzzir.l, G. Buzzlni. S. Petrazi.
A pretty wedding took place Sunday. June
8, at the Howard- street M. E. Church, the
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson officiating. The
eoutractlnr parties were Sydney H. Gray and
Mlss Annie V. Cowling. The bride was given
away by her uncle, R. H. Spencer of Berke
ley. The groom's best man was George Ben
nett and the bridesmaid was Mlss Ella Gore.
Mlss Edna Luee and Robert Dallas Con
nelly were married at noon on last "Wednes
day at the home of the bride's parents, 18
Essex street. Rev. F. S. Ford performed the
ceremony. Only Immediate friends of the cou
ple were in attendance. Mr. and Mrs. Con
nelly left Immediately for the south, where they
will spend their honeymoon.
CLTJB PARTIES.
The annual recital ot the Beethoven Club on
June 6 was largely attended. The programme
was reaiered In the ballroom at Mr*. Brady's
residence. Twenty- fourth street and Ban Jose
avenue. Dancing- followed for two hours, after
•which refreshments were served at the home of
Dr. McDermott. The programme follows:
"Liebes Traume" (Liszt), Miss May 'Worthine
ton; Tarantelle— Opus 69 (Heller). Miss Hattie
Game; "Tell me. Pretty Maiden." from
"Florodora" (Leslie Stuart). Mlss Ethel Bailey
"Romance Itailiene" (Charles Mayer). Miss
Frances Fitchen; "The Harp That Once Thro'
Tara's Halls" (Henry Farmer), Mlss Edna
MacXabb; Tarantelle (Lomas). Miss Florence
Moran; "Cavallerla Rusticana" (Maecagnl),
Miss Ruth Stocker: "La Souce d' Argent" (Ben
del). Mlss Mary McDermott; "Eclipse Patrol"*
<Ko!ander). Miss Sadie Cole; "Second Valse"
(Godard). Miss Gertrude Albrecht; mazurka
'WlenaruwEkl), Miss Carrie Bright; mazurka.
Opus 6, No. 2 (Chopin). Miss Ida dl Vecchio.
The members of the class of '02 of the Mis
elon High School were the guests of Captain
Alex Swanson on the pilot boat Lady Mine on
Monday, June 9. The young people were taken
on a cruise to Mare Island and had a delightful
time. Those present were: Miss Lurline Swan
son, Miss Hazel Pedlar, Miss Amy Oat. Miss
Rose Ryan, Miss Blanche Cameron, Mlss Mar
guerite Harney. Miss Claire Pedlar, Mlss Edith
Beard. Miss Augusta Kelley, Miss Florence
"Wyatt, Miss Josephine O'Connor,' Mies Mabel
Lee. Miss Eugenie Lacoste. Mlss Ada Johnston.
Miss Lulu Button, Miss Laura McCarthy Mlss
Maude Whigham. Miss Emily Xeppert,' Miss
Sarah Riley. Mlss Eva. Graff, Miss Edith Kess
ler. Miss Ruby Rendell, Miss Zoe Levicy,- Miss
Alice Byrne, Mlss Lucy Tolley. Miss Elizabeth
Johnson, Miss Alice Swanson. Harry Allan.
Hubert Prost. Harry Scheel, Arthur Thode.
Isaac Kessler. Charles SHberstein, W. C Zin
kand. P. A. Gartn.*J. O'Connor and Mrs. A.
Ewanson. .
HOME PAETIES.
Mrs. E. F. Burns was hostess at a card party
at her resilience. 2627 Pierce street, recently.
In honor of her brother, Edward James, prior
to his departure for New Tork City. Those in
vited were: Mr. and Mrs. D. W. James, Mrs.
Fred Hammond, Mrs. Helen Bennett. Mrs Ot
to Shackelford, Miss Elizabeth McDonald. Miss
Lena James, Mlss Ethel Parker. E. F. Burns
Mr. Fall is, Mr. Rix, Ed James. Harry Cosi
irriett. Ed Bowes. Crowell de W. Davis, N S
Boetwick. O. J. Orena, George Lewis, T. S.
Irwin, Charles McDonald.
A very enjoyable time was spent at the resi
dence of Miss Eva Flnkelstein. 619 Gough
street, Friday «veningr. June «. when a mim
ner or friends gave her a surprise party on her
return from the country after a stay of several
The following guests have registered at Deer
Park Inn:. From San Francisco — John W.
Danks Mr. and . Mrs. H. A. Williams. Mlss
Florence Williams. Miss Muriel Williams, Miss
Corona Williams, Master Kenneth Williams and
two maids. 11. ' L. Maddux. Kenneth Branch.
From Consumne — Mrs. F. H. : Scott, . Miss ¦ Dor
othy Scott. From Clarksvllle— Mrs. AWert
Tong. Miss Stella Tong. % > . ,
Guests at the Hotel Rowardennan are: From
San Francisco— William F. Browne and wife,
C. ; B. Jennings and- wife. G. . A. Turner, Mlsa
Augusta Gerrlsh.-W.W. Behlow,.F. H. Behlow,
R. E. Behlow, F. ; D. Madison,, wife and son';
George H. C. Meyer, wife, two children and
maid; Dr. W. Dodge. Mrs. A. ; Hochstein, Miss
Hochsteln, -Mrs. George F. Volkman, - Miss
Johanna Volkman, ;• D. * G. Vqlkman, W. : G.-
Volkman, C. H. Miller and - wife, Mrs. ¦ L." A.
Spauldlng, M. . A. de Laviaga, . Miss Julia- de
Laviaga, E. I.de Laviaga.- From .New -York—
F: D. ' Sheldon. . From Arcadia— T. L. • . Bell
From Oakland — E. A. Heron and wife, B.- P.
The following guests, registered at Paralso
Springs during last week: From San Fran
cisco—T. L. Lyons. G. ! W. -Elder, Dr. James
McCome, wife -and nurse. Mrs. Alice McCome,
D. Hadler. wife and children, -Louis Weule and
family, Mrs. B. Corn. Mrs. J. Dwyer and moth
er, Mrs. Shutze. Stella Shutze. Master Ferdle
Hcsthal, . H. W. i Holme. William Burnes, Hen
ry Muller, Mrs. ' Arnheim. F. PitzeL , From Sa
linas — James McDoiigall and wife,' A: Tavernet
ty. Luther Rogers, ' A. R." Kanaga and. wlto.
Judge N. A. Dorn, Miss K. Lauritzen, H. Hau
spr. W." Whitcomb, A.- Williams. From Santa
Cruz— William Effy, J. B. Robertson. J. - L.
Thurber. Mrs; Thurber and child. From Wat
sonville — Mrs. J. M. : Rogers, 1 Mrs. H.- L.
Shledeler. From Soquel — Mrs. J. T.. Areon,
Miss C. Lodge. From Sargent — Miss = O. Sar
gent and Mlss I. Sargent. -From Alameda — C.
S. Pock and wife. From San Benito— Gerston
Ash,.. From Moss Landing — S. N. Laughlln and
wife and Mrs. M. Marx from Brooklyn. ¦ :
The ¦ latest arrivals at Gilroy ! Hot Springs
are : From San Francisco — James D. McMur
ray, D. Hoffman, Mrs. George R. Driver/ Miss
Nora Jessen. W. A. Bradford and wife. Ed
Slack, B. D. Bender and wife, Pablo Sanches, '
Sam Blbo .and wjfe." James .Elllcott,* P. G.
Bruen and family, Mrs. Gregory and child,
Mlss Marie Walter, Miss Carrie Visse, Mrs.
Helene Mayer and daughter, C. i R.- Leonard,
Mrs. C. Martin, < Charles Witmore, | Frank
Frost, J. A. Driscoll and wife. Miss Carrie
Driscoll, K. C. Dale, wife and child; W. C.
Mathus, M. E. Peters, Mrs. Alice Gofr. From
San Jose. J. W. Gllkerson. From Sacramento —
T. P. Ryan. From Bertrand, Neb.-^Miss Maud
Kellogg. From Watsonyilje-rDan Leady, Mlss
Necollne Normann. From Gait— J.' H. Col
ledge. From Halfmoon Bay— Antone Quilia,
Joseph F. Raza. • From Santa Clara — James
S. Mattes. : From . Oakland— Mrs. i H. H. Has
eard. j Mrs. Ben Lower and daughter. ' From
Nlles — J. B. O'Neal. Bert Sllveria. From Gil
roy — George E. Rea, George T. Dunlap, wife
and son; R. B. Frlpp, wife and child; R. Bar
ton, C. R. Slaysman, Conrad Jesaen. From
Chicago— Mrs. C. B. Meyer. From Washing
ton—Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Chase.-
Arrivals at ; the Geysers Hotel during last
week are: From San Franclsco^ — Mlss Florence
Crocker. Henry J. Crocker Jr., Mark Man
chester Mrs. W.. B. Joyce, Miss Helen Joyce.
Mlss Mabel Joyce, F. W. Salter and wife, T.
C. Van Bibber. and wife, Henry Soulle J T
Morris, Miss Fannie Sisserwine, Frank B Sul
»van Nellie G. Walsh, May W. Walsh. Ida M.
Precht, G. Bouchet, S. R. Moller, J. .Hougaard
M - ? lummer . Mrs. B. H. Plummer, Dr. R*
L. Rigdon and wife. Nettle ' E. Gardner F
Riegs, G. J. McCormick, H. N. Elfendahl/ Dr!
Yu In »? f Dr ; £. M °°dy. A C# - Salter . John M
Aden, Mrs. J. Schoenfeld, Miss Amy Schoenfeld,
sJwn<5w « , Schoenfeld; Miss Belle
Schoenfe d. Harold Schoenfeld, Walter
Schoenfeld. Mrs. J. MacDonald. - Miss c!
A M» n Fr °?J P1 " sbur &. Pa.-Mrs. Beauford
A. Mason. From Santa Rosa— M. S. Davis and
wife. From San Rafael— W. P. Tavlor W B
g ra «O'"d and wife. Mrs. W. P. T. Sharp. From
™La na ~?/ J> HaIe and wl^e. From Ala
meda—Mrs. M. L. Culver. From CloverdaJe—
Ft^tv^ 111 ? 16^-^ 11 " 6 ' Glad y s Bowman. . From
al t: A E( f wa^ s by and wlfe - -*«»» R»ver-
BiStaiSTiS* ll the 1!st of arrivals at Bartlett
SaW^rn^f the -7^ ending June 10: From
•mS t^ w°~ M '' SImon ' Mlsa E - C. Kitchen,
Mrs. John Morrow. Mrs. M. Lewis, Miss Flor-
M E P»« m T n 'T J -^, Byrne - James J- Hayes/
,- &' J 'tt J - Hanley . Mrs. M. Irwln. Z
Schulze, Mrs. Harriet Miller. Master CarletSn
?o Hl 6 Wi? 60^ 56 H on - W - P - Crowley.-Mlss
Josie Smith. Mrs, Joseph S.. Tobln, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Magee, Miss Laura' Baldwin.
Mrs. Richard I. Whelan, Mrs. F. Levy and
daughter, Robert F. Haight, Mr. and Mrs
Schul^, Miss Hattie Schultz, Lo U i 3 Schultz Jr.,
Mrs. N. Van Bergen. Mr. and Mrs. John Rapp
Mrs. James W. McMaster. Mrs. H. Fortnaun
M .?/J * *£ ?, aIIee ' Mlss A.. Miss Alice and Mlss
Ml ' dr e<l Sallee, A. Asher. J. Erlanger, Mr.
and Mrs. Neuman and son. | Milton H. Sellg,
Miss Eva Deutsch, M. Harney, A. Harney
SamueL McFadden. Mrs. J. A, Filcher. Miss
Ruby George. From Oakland— J. C Vargas
From Santa Rosa— Joseph Simon. From Berke
ley—Mrs. Alice Pease. Miss Alice Pease. From
Sacramento— Felix McLaughlin H K. John
son, G.-W. Watson. Mr. and Mrs. C. W Clark
From Alameda— T. G. Daniels.. From Los
Gatos — W. H. Cutter. From Weaverville — Mrs
C. W. Godfrey. Miss Lucy Yount. | From Wood
lend—William Irwin. From Placerville— Nllls
.N. Enemark. From Fresno — S. I W. , Kline.
From Sausalito — Mrs. R; J. Bush. From Lees
ville—T. E. Stockford. From Trinity Center
—Thomas D. Draper. . From Vallejo— C. J.
Llnder. . ,;.,,> , .-.-,
Among those registered at Blue Lakes are:
From San Francisco — L. F. Vann and wife, H.
R. Neubauer and wife,. Ruth Neubauer, . T. F.
Farrar and wife, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Mann, W.
B. Stewart. J. F. Leary, W. A. Rogers, C. W.
Brown, G. M. Anderson. Charlie Anderson, S.
Abraham, John F. Ahearn, Mrs. L. . Prager,
Miss Helen Prager, Miss. Alice Prager. and
maid, Charles M. Mentz, John H. Brenner, Otto
Schinkel, wife and daughters; Albert A. Rosen
shine. Dr. A. K. Happergberger, Harry H.
Welch, Ernest F. Furst, George Huested, M. S.
Say re and wife, Mrs. Era S. Martin and son.
Dr. William F. McLaughlin, Mrs. A. Honlgs
berger, Miss Tessie Honigsberger, Daniel Hon
igsberger, Miss Corlnne Waldheimer, Clarence
Coleman, M. A. Gunst. ¦ .'¦ ¦¦ • - •' - - * • '
The following guests are registered at Klam
ath Hot Springs : From San Francisco-^S. J.
Krooks, Mrs. J. G. Buck, W. S. Peters, George
D. Shadburne Jr., J.* Morgan; from Oakland —
Mlss Benner, Miss M. K. Benner, George W.
Sweeney, wife and babe. E. F. Hughes and
wife: from Sacramento— T. S. Dickens, J. S.
Frazer; from San Rafael, M.'C... Bishop and
wife; from Sisson, C. H. Kirk; from Redding-,
Ed Rlche; from Sonoma, Rex E. Bond; from
Alturas, Frank Stewart; from Ager, S. L. Mc-
Maughton; from Klamath Falls — W. W. Hazen*
G. W. Smith, Alex Martin Jr., C. C. Hunsaker.
R. E. Hunsaker. C. H. Marple, H.'H. Pearson;
from Paisley, Mrs. George M. Jones; from
Lakevlew, Lulu C. Maxwell; from Corvallls,
Lula M. Gilbert; from Bly, L. E. Waiter; from
Klamathon — George Mason, Dean Mason; from
Ashland, F. L. Wright: from Reno, Miss Min
nie McCullum; from Medford, S. I. Brown;
from Portland, P. B. Duren; .from Kalama,
Wash., P. E. Patrick; from Wichita, Kans., C.
C. Poppleton; from Hoboken, N. J., ' E. Pag
nello. ' \ ¦ .
The following named are registered at Hotel
El Monte: From San Francisco— R. K. Smith,
Charles A. Rum, wife and family; Mrs. L. M.
Gray, child and maid; L. Feldman, Mrs. Shaen.
and son, Neil O*Nell and wife, .S. RlchmoncL
H. H. Hober, Leroy Hubble, John Kroeger and
family, Henry Lee, Jim McGuire; M. Rosen
thai. A. B. Mof finger, F. Malcolm, F. Davis
and wife. Job McEuchile, Rev. and Mrs. S.
Rogers and family, L. J. Sterns and wife. From
Berkeley — Rev. H. B.- Maneyes. From San
Jose^ — Jean Caspers and family. From Glenn
wood — Frank Becker. From Alameda — Mrs.
Will Garratt. From New York — J. .Dwight
Laggett. From Boston — Byron W. Harrington.
Last week's arrivals at Hotel Lyndon- are:
From San Francisco — J.. King and wife, C. S.
Girvan, E. C. Sharpe and wife, Mrs. A. H.
Simpson. Miss Simpson, F. B. Wlnstlip, Miss
McNally. Miss Hawkins, Fred G. Taylor, Mlss
Gertrude Taylor, Mlss Laura Taylor, :H. W.
Keller, H. G, Meyer and wife, Mrs. E. Gunz,
J. ,W. Dalluulr, JT R. Home, Miss J. Keller, S.
F,. Fellows, P. A. Jordan and Mrs. James E.
Gordon. . From Alameda — Dr. E. M. Keys, C.
T., Michaels, S. G. Benson and wife, J. Martin,
Mrs. C. T.-vMIlls, Mrs. Mary Lee. Mrs. B. An
derson and miss J. C. Tolman. From Oakland
— George G. Winchester. G. W. Logan and wife,
D. L. Beard, : Edward Barry and wife, \Mrs.
C. T. Williams, children and maids; Wi M.
Fields and wife and Andrew J. Field. '
J. Warner and wife, S. F. Smith, E. L. Ward:
Arrivals during the last week at Riverside
Hotel ; are: Santa" Cruz — J. Smith, E. Gold
smith, J. H. Hunter, Mrs. J. H. Hunter. Boise,
Idaho — Mrs. R. W. Faris. Brooklyn, N. Y. —
Mrs. Campbell. Miss Campbell. Des Moines,
Iowa — L. E. Harlam, Mrs. L. E. Harlam.
Denver, Colo.— Henrietta A. Miller. . San Fran
cisco — Mrs. Si Gump, Miss Mabel Lichtenstein,
Eddie Pauson, Sidney Schwartz. St. Louis —
J. O. Bailard. Mrs. J. O. Ballard, A. P. Rich
ardson, Mrs. A. P. Richardson, Meridian, Miss.
— H. F. Broach Jr., Mrs. H. F. Broach, P. A.
Broach. Mrs". P. A. Broach. San Francisco —
Miss Viola Roth, H.L.- Welch.
Recent arrivals at Hotel El Paso de Robles
are: From San Francisco — Baron J. H. von
Schrocder, Mr. and Mrs. N. Cahn. W. F. Chip
man. Mr. and . Mrs. Charles Bentzine, H. E.
Diggles, L. A. Leonhar.1t, C. W. Jacobs, Miss
Angel, Miss Wright, ST M. Montgomery, A. D.
Dugan, James F. Smith, Miss Ellen Larsen,
Mrs Chauncey S. Kibbs, Mrs. Smith Lyon,
W. Sherman Baccn, C. A. Page. E. L. Paddock,
W. D. Joseph, Charles F. Deering, A. Elberg,
K. M. Ham, M. M. Pool, George Reynolds,
Mrs. F. W. Kips, -C. F. Gilroy, Ed Scheeline,
H. E. Owner, Miss Armstrong, E. W. Whipple,
Joseph Rose. G. W. Miller, Sam Latz, L.
Lachman, Frank G. Marcus, A. M. Posner,
C. C. Thayer, C. J. Marks, William von Ronn,
Mlss Navison. From Santa Barbara — C. M.
Gregory. 'From Lcs Angeles, Mr. and Mrs.
J. D. Hooker, F. A. Webb, & F. Sheldon.
From Oakland— W. H. Schenck. From.'Santi
ago de Chile— A. L. Demorest, W. K. Craw
ford. From Seattle^ — John M. Jackson. From
Sausalito — Marcus A. Jackson. From Arroyo
Grande — I. Benchlmol. From Fort Wayne,
Ind. — J. W. Roach. From Santa Maria — Ed
Lynn, R. Jones, B. R. Jones. From Denver,
Colo.— M. M. Parker. From Salt Lake— A.. F.
Way, Miss Louise Way. From Chicago— D. W.
Eldred. From Boston — Miss M. A'. Smith, Miss
E. B. Culbersoa .
The following guests registered at the Hotpl
Geneva, Sausalito. last week: Ellse, ThaU°B
?, ro ' m S n ; ,, J - E - J? ak A er v F - : A. Shepard and .wife.
Miss Bridges. E. Andrews and wife - T Fel
lowes, J. »Budair. Mrs. Randall Hiint ' Misa
Flora Hunt. Miss Mabel Hunt Miss Rodders
XL. Devoe and wife, E. J. Healey ¦ Mrs i E ?'
Healey . A; H. Frank.- Mlss Stella Herman ' e'
C.- Heller, San Francisco: John Baker Alal
meda; ,T F. Fish. Mrs.- Rhoda Fish., Oak'an"d;
W. H. McClintock, , Sonora; ¦¦ Thomas Hunt
Mrs. Thomas Hunt. New York; E J' Moran
Hlllspusa;<W. H; Wilton, Fresno- P'G i^w
ton. U.S. S.Terry; J. H.Grahain -Tennessee''
The opening of Saratoga Springs on the
8th, together with the preceding ball, was
an event in Lake County. On last Sundav
morning long before the reveille the beau
tiful shaded .park, was a kaleidoscope of
animated gayety, more , than r 400 jruests
participating In the festivities. Recent ar
rivals at the hotel are: H.H Welch Er
nest ; F. ; Furst, '. R. Pfaeffle, Mlaa Thomu
son,. Carlle:. Thompson, W..< N. Clendale
E.J. McCormick, John H. Mehrtens, RobI
ert-A.' Mehrtens, M. G. Zohn i? - Vnnn
Harry." Corbett,. Miss Kate Corbett,^Miss
The following Is a- list -of arrivals nt Tnnroi
Dell during last week: From^an Francis "o—
Miss Carolan. Mlss Collier Mrs MaJondraT
R. P. Rodman, Miss McBean. MraV a A? Malm
apa family/ Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee Jt7
Ernest F. Feurst. - H. -. H.. Welch G J McCorl
mick. W. N. Elfendahl, N. d\ Cohn J £
Meyers. . ¦
Arrivals at Freeman Hotel. Auburn, from
May 30 to June 6 are: From San Francisco —
L^A'. Wilhelm. H. C. Lewis. G. W.- Morris T
K. Nicholl.-Mrs.-W. S. Graham, W. A. Sexton,
George Stone, . E. Blumblin, F. W. Duncan
Jed M. Scott, Miss J. Stone, Mls3 Edith Stone,
E. E. Thompson. Arthur Rodgers and wife A.
F. Meyer, A.' Cordes, A. Rosenthal, W D '-Al
bright, F. A. Grimm, Barney Levy, W. Moran
H. D. Dlxon. J. H. Neff, Mr. Goezelton and
wife, H. Overington, George Brunson, W. D
Smith and wife, F. H. Moulton, A. Wolfender'
D. H. Blrdsall, Mrs. W. Bradley. Mrs. Grace
Munson, Mrs. L^P. McCarthy, Miss Amy Mc-
Carthy, -Mrs. Bell Everett, J. Elliott E F
Hall, J. B. Donnelly, George W. Duff - >; W E'
Winship, W. L. White, J. McBride L C ' Mc-
Murtry, L. H. Eckhart; from Oakland— E E
Howland, H.A. Swift, W. B. Wiley and wife'
F. B. Wiley. and wife, J. J. Agard;,from Be-'
nicla, W. L. Crooks; from Duluth, George
Smith and wife; from Susanvllle E L' Hub
bard; from Los Angeles — Mrs. Potts 'Fre'd Dor
rance;- from' Boston — Miss -E ' B Bul
lock, Dollie Bullock, C. F. Maxwell.
Frank H. Fisher; from Sacramento-^
George L. Hannah, E. R. Hamilton, T W
Sheehan, W. D. Curtis, J. Jones, E. Shaley W*
T. Peterson Jr., H. Johnson, . George B Katz
enstein, C. H. Dunn, R. M. Richardson W Y
Showier, George L. Prtce. E, R. Hamilton and
wife,^M._Wlnans. J. B. Beltnick; Martin Mon
sen, C. Van Norden, Charles M. Campbell and
wife,^ J. W. Brown, Miss jr.- c Jones- from
Fresno, H. M. Liggett;' from Loyalton 'c A
Moore; from Portland, J. H. Starrs- 'froni
Loomis,- F. J. Smyth: from Penryn, George H
Fisher; from New York, H. G.~Ford- from-
S?l^ h Flat.vW.-J.-Nlcholls Jr.; from Colfa£
William Kilgo; from- Grass Valley, William
Parcell; from Lincoln. A.- M. Powers- frorn
Newcastle. J. F. Madden; from Wln™™.;F?ed
The following persons' are registered at
Holtt's, Menlo Park: T. J. Schuyler, Mrs. T.
J. Schuyler, J. S. Manley, Mrs. J. S. Manley,
Sewall ' Manley, . A: S.' Fowler, Mrs.' A. S.
Fowler, George W. Lamb, . Mrs. George W.
Lamb and daughter, Mrs. William S. Watson,
Kenneth C. Watson, Miss May Bradford, R. W.
Osborn, Mrs. R. W. Osborn, Norma Osborn,
Edward Osborn, Harold Osborn, A. S. Johnson,
Lloyd Johnson, Willard Johnson and -nurse, F.
It. Alderson/ Mrs. F. L. Alderson, Miss Edith
Alderson, Miss Margaret Alderson, Miss Doris
Alderson, J. W. Ellsworth, Mrs. J. W. Ells
worth: and daughter, Mrs. Joseph E. Cutten,
Mis? Marie A. Cutten, R. E. Cutten, Mr?. C.
B. Holllngsworth, Mlss "Edith Hollingsworth,
Miss Hazel Holllngsworth, Mrs. A. E. • Buck
ingham, Fisher A. Buckingham, Henry P.
Buckingham, George L. Buckingham and maid.
Warren Manley, V. Garfias, Professor H. G.
Larsh, A. Rlas, E. Berumen, J. Cabrera Lionel
Barneson, Richard N. Batchelder. Miss Doris
Batchelder, R. MUlan. A. Haas, S. W Arm
strong. Mrs. S. W. Armstrong, Miss Kathlna
Armstrong, Mr.' and Mrs. R. H.Hoitt. I
. • Recent arrivals at Seigler Springs Lake
County, are : San Francisco— Mr. Greenwald,
G. F. Kreuger, J. J. Matthews J. Krug ; L
ri 0^^ 611^*" 1113 child; G.M.
SSS^w S Meyer M. A. Saunders,' A.
Meyer, Mrs. Regan, G. J. McCorminir mim
Lark^n"^^™ 68 3SP™ " d "« e Thom'ai
and wire, C. Jeffries, Mrs. Kuchcinmn r> t
Foley, Thomas Barnes, c. G Merehant A
G CQ # ad B'ar?v rt 1^' C " Ca " ld^ " A£
S. Graber. Mrs. .8. Holmes, Miss E Holmes
Lieutenant Cowles, Captain j. Leahy^*H M^lll^
Rhodes, Mrs. H. Matthews, Jean Shei-rv'
Swee e ne7 Dan ' Shea '.; .' £|||§g|rf£
Last . week's arrivals at -?HlBhland SDrines
arer From San Francisco^Pauilne Ha^Is
E. O. Reiser, C. H. Robinson. J/ Zabriskie g"
J. McCormick. W. Elfendah , • Mr and Mrs
Thomas Ashworth Mrs.E. Hahn. -Jote Pi ™:
£; g 0D E ff ' g s ; SSSSSS^SSfSSi
w en T an Lwrl d: Z- J - T Shot^Il and-wMe'SEL
w. J. I^owry, Miss ¦ Lowrv Mica a t .-.„,_..
Mirs E. A: Loggie, Miss^fda L Loggie 7 j'
Loggie, W.A. Mitchell and wife H H Mlt
« ». he A -F." LevT. A. E. Woods,. Mr?' and Mrs
C. R. Johnson, Dr. and Mrs.^E. E Park Mrs
M W S O?Neilf P E T- IV°, rt - Be™^" k Shaw:
M. W. O Neill, P. J. Finley, Dr. N ' S Gihprl
son and two dauehters, A. S Jarvlp m h
Myers Marian Myers, Edna Myers Paul Mi-
C. Boyle, Misi N. Dinan, Mrs A Roncov'eri
e" Bau n sk^d Tl ££ an *> F / Om O^fand^-M™.' K
£,. Bauske and child, M. J. Laymance and wife
as- aviA™ E a %s,%, is
family, Mr. and Mr.. A L. GilllnK Mrs T*
e kl^^Golfch 11^ a^ H^un^Gen:
t ,fii, ii »*?', Mlss Iy y Beers - Mrs. B. F.
Mr fw« M iJ' A^ le T Lu i k *. John F. Callahan
Mr and Mrs. H. J. Sohwind. Mr. and Mrs
¦*h\r iut °¥' M..Syn)mlnKton. Mrs. K.,Mur
phy. Mrs. K. Harris D. E Stewart Mr<i A
B H,g glns Mark L. J^^CB.K^er^y^.
""• E - J - McNamara, Mrs. Emily Howard
w 52!??- 'S." 11 " 11 W - Mi »er. B. E. Short
W. D. Chick Ed Norman, Dick Boilings, w!
Srr W^w-i I h " Jen f en . frank U Kaeser, Mr. and
Mrs. Harris. May C. Murphy. Josie F.
Murohy. Jen C. Seagrave. Charles Phillips. Ed
Madden. Miss Katharyn Hayden, P J. Powers
Y*^r Ca H°', Mr " and Mrs - J - w -' R "th. Mn
and Mrs. H. M. Weiden,' Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
\\elden Miss- ArundaManglnl, Charles W. Su
tro C : B>-Lewis.-.Dr.-J. TV.- Lewls^Mrs. Isador
Jones. Mrs. Rose Keene, Miss Luclle H. Jonas,
L. Henry, James - Bain, A. H. Stoll, 'C. H.
Kaul B^ R. Sheyer. Chris Gllck.'Mr. and Mrs.
6 W< F 1 , 18011 ' Mlss N - Walsh, Miss L. Walsh.
Mr. and Mrs. Mae • Furst, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam. J.- Lisle. J. Morris.' J. H. Garrett, L.
Brekke. George W. Sheperd. Barbara Murray,
Oliver D. V. Flaharty. Mrs. E.. J. Howard,
Olga Brown, Mrs. J.. J. Newbarth. Miss Abbie
Newbarth, Miss Lillian Watson.. Harry L. Gun
ning, Agnes Arkmann. Ed Mehlert Jr.,C. H. ;
Chester. Alice Clifford, E. S. Schultz, L.
Schultz, O. W. Teargain, Mrs. .Daniel, W. L."
Boerlus. R. E. Collins Jr.. H. J. Frank, Frank
Kerz. Helen Kerz. T. .W. Johnson, W. E.
Tourtelotte, Miss K. Smith, Frank V. Adams,
N. J. L. Helling. L." E. Bosia, George Mo-
Courtney.' Edna" Harris, Mlss M. M. Gladding,
Dr. A. Woodly Baker. D. T. Powers, W. W.
Eccles, Mlss M. Driscoll, Mrs. Isldor - Jonas,
Mr. and Mrs. Sprangey. From Oakland — Mrs.
Alice Graham. William Crowhurst, Mrs. Clara
Crowhurst. J. J. Schlelster. From Berkeley —
Mrs. C. Valss. From Alamerla — Mrs. F. J.
Fahey. T. ¦ J. Fahey," Edgar Fahey, George • J.'
Phillips. ... '. ' ¦ ¦•'...
Miller, Miss E. Ellis, Miss G. Sperry, H.
Havens. From . Tulare— Mrs. J. M. ' Alford.
From Santa Cruz — Mrs. W. Haslam, K. Rob
son. From Skyland — Miss Sobey, Miss Miller.
¦ Recent ''arrivals -at Congress Springs are:
Miss L. McReynolds, San ' Francisco ; C. J. Vath
and family. A: H.Mower, J San Jose;, Miss "VW
Piper, Chicago; A. E. Bocks, L. C. Hamburger,
C. Thumler, L. H. Cary and family, San Fran
cisco ; Mrs. L. : M. Gray,' Guatemala ; John W.
Date, Mrs. C Robinson, E. B. Robinson,' M.
H. Robinson, San Francisco; Miss Omey, Hono
lulu; C. "W.Dalton, San' Francisco; W. E. Ma
lone, New York; Mrs. William Duncan, chil
dren and maid, Oakland; M. Carroll, San Fran
cisco; E. M; Baraty, ML. Baraty, Sausallto;
R. A. Fortier, San JosefTMrs. N. H. Wahl and
son, ,. Alameda; I Miss Brownstone, « San - Fran
cisco; Benjamin Tuttle, Oakland; Mrs. A. El
Omey, Miss L. Omey, Naples; Mrs. A. Newfleld,
Mr. and - Mrs. A .< Solomon, San Francisco ; F.
Bandle, Oakland ; Andrew J Hill, San Jose ; C.
Gilbert, San Francisco; Miss A: M. -Wellendorf,
Berkeley; Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Crossman.- Snoho-.
mish; Miss E. G. Field.'Mrs. H. E. Hobbs,
Gilroy; Mrs. L. F. Hobbs, los Gatos; William
D. Armes. Mrs. F. H. Macdonald, Mrs. .A. L.
Macdonald. Oakland; H. H. -McPherson and
¦;«•. H - C. Walker, San Francisco; Mrs. C. F.
Williams, Oakland; Mrs. P. Griffin. J. C. Mur
phy. San Francisco. .
A pretty pink p.arty was given to Miss Doris
weller on Thursday, June 12, In honor
of her eighth birthday. The little guests
spent a very enjoyable' afternoon with music
and games. The rooms were handsomely
decorated with festoons of pink. Lunch was
served and each guest was presented with a
souvenir ,as a remembrance of the occasion.
Those present were: Miss Ersler "Wolander.
Miss Gertrude Divine. Miss Mildred Sawtelle,
Miss Doris Weller. Miss Gladys Weller, Miss
Theodora Schetzen, Miss Mildred Smith, Miss
Lufy Smith. Miss Marvel Smith, Miss Anita
tldrldge. Master Ned Sawtelle and . Master
Philip Eldridge. -
months; Those present were: Misses Millie
Joseph. Annie Hart,; Stella Simon, Llllle Blum,
Sadie Green, Lucile Morse. Sadie and Lillian
Flnkelstein, David Green, •- Albert Simon. Louis
Hart. Robert Borostein, Harry and Arthur
Joseph.
Society's Summer Outing.
33
THE SAN FEAiSTCISCO GAJAj, SlhsTDAY, . JUNE 15, 1902.
Positively cured in one day by frequent appli-
cations of Brahman Cream. Sold by J. S. Potts
Drug Co., 101 C Market St.. and other druggists*
als^at-Qf flee of Dr. i Traverse, : 1170 Market st.'
Ro&on Oak
-•jjo _ -. : -j- _ - j-^- ¦ .- '_' • .NEWittAJr'. & LEVI1TS0N. .'._'„.'_'."..
( ¦;;¦¦ ©mp^ — —
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
# Summer Shirt Waists
A Great Display of the best values of the season
Summer Shirt Waists Galore— Waists that are bright, pretty and dressy — beyond doubt the
grandest assortment of cool and exquisitely beautiful styles ever shown in San Francisco — They are
in'the sheerest of Lawn, Organdie, Linen, Batiste and Pique, Canvas, Madras, Chambray and
other popular; materials in almost endless variety of stylish effects— Here are some of to-morrow's
splendid specials : ..: ;/ " N . * ' • B9
( Waists of fancy striped Toiledu Nord made in Madras Waists in new stripes; also Chambray
fashion's latest,. with pretty stock collar; (i^iQcr Waists in solid colors with tucks and dYVQC
•in the "very newest of fancy ; colored stripes Cpl.-ZO hemstitchings; all very fashionable...... Cp-^.-ZO
Waists of plain color mercerized Ginghams and Stylish Waists of extra fine quality white
fancy striped Batistes and Zephyrs .— tailor. Pique, tailor-made in very latest effect, with
made, some plain, others tucked and <£i «-^C' yoke back and maxine front with pretty (£0 ETA
hemstitched Cpl./O fancy stock collar ;,^)<£>.%}\J
: Own your own Bathing Suit r and; make your selection now from the largest assortment we
: eyer.had— all^the very newest: and most" 1 attractive styles are here — See how reasonably you can
buy^gbod^stylish Bathing ; Suits to : m6rfow: V ; =
Ladies' : Bathing Suits:^at$2^50, ; $i3l75^$^25|'Men's Bathing Suits...^at $1.25, $3.00> $8;75"
Girls' - Bathing Suits...at $1.5O,:$2.25; .$2.75 jl Boys', Bathing Suits.. ...at $1.00, $1.50, $2.25
/ Wash Goods Siale v Initial Handkerchiefs
On Sale to-morrow. for quick clearance ail the balance We offer a special purchase of Ladles' Irish Lawn
of several lines of new Wash Goods, comprising all sorts Handkerchiefs with hand embroidered Initials at ioc each
of sheer materials, such as Irish Dimities, Batistes and that should be priced at 25c— They art plain white
Lawns that can be made into thedaintiestof summer,/! CT_ and fine quality, with hemstitched edges — New 1A^.
dresses and waists; worth 20c and 25c yard, to close 1«JL and perfect goods-all initials on sale to-morrow, each Ivt
Black Silk Grenadines
* . At Prices that make them particularly interesting
24 Inch Iron frame Striped Grenadines, high nK n 45 Inch Grenadines in plain, striped and checked; t£1 O^
grade, fine rich finish; worth Ji. 00 yard, at / «JC good, strong and bright, worth $1.50 yard, at.- vplt^Sw'
44 inch Grenadines, fine qualities in satin stripes (£1 AA 45 inch Grenadines, beautiful quillty fn plain <M CA
and entirely new floral effects, worth $1.25, at- vJ)l.UU iron frame and also lace effects, worth $2.00, at-v4)l.«JU
Lradies' Walking Skirts Down Cushions
Here is-a large lot of tailor-made Pedestrian Superior quality Down Pillows-guaranteed
Skirts of Corvet Cloths and Crash, made with P e f f^tly odorless and free from dust-are now
seven gores, felled seams and extra wide hems- offered at the following special prices:
come in neat stripes and plain c6lors— perfect |! ze 20 x 20 inches ...at $ .70
in style and -just the thing for out-doof /i / J- |! ze . 22X22 ! nc^ es ; y a J -§5
wear-a bargain at.. 7. ; ...$1.65 Size 24 x 24 inches .'. ....at .95
• Size 26 x 26 inches. at 1.25
Ladies' Knitted Underwear Specials
- Swiss Ribbed Vests Ribbed Corset Covers
Ladies' imported VEGA SILK VESTS, low Ladies' knitted COTTON CORSET COVERS
?neck and no sleeves, in white, black, pink, crf\ m high neck with long or short sleeves— C A
blue and lavender, lace trimmed, at ........ JVL neck and front prettily finished with silk.. OUC
Out-of-Town Write to us for any information you wish — We will answer cheerfully— Our illustrated
T? r\ TV a : Bathing Suit Catalogue, also price list and illustrated booklet on Point Lace, Honiton
r-UJ-iK. O and Battenberg materials — mailed free - : i
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
¦-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' %', ¦"¦---¦;-¦ /\ . f • : • , ¦
Andi air other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building, : 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
6car; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
I M off Sample Suits % off
H WE HAVE 22 NOVELTY/ N^— -<^— r ~ y^^
| TAILOR SUITS from 817.5O to «55.OO. which were used as models by
N our manufacturer;, he is now preparing for the fall season, so these suiti
R must go at . about one-half price. . . j
H- BLOUSE TAILOR SUIT .(like cut), was $17 50* now K12!U)- made »n •
1 ¦•gS < flo5S2e B iklrP th WWte ba^ r - line ¦«? "iSi &• 23to ficed^e^sfdoS
1 -w^' 50 B ,°^ * na *7*J T i!P JACKETS, now $5.00: in cheviots and covert
i ohs A 'f' 6 , ? nd 10 double- breasted; colors. Tan, Castor and Black; sizes.
14 32 to 43 and 13 to IS years.
I Latest Effects in Etons ant! Blouses at 1-3 Off.
I JnJ^ lr .f ' Ta » et^* ?V. eau d u e SoIe - Cheviot and -Broadcloth, both plain and
W Jancy: some lined throughout .with white satin— .
i T n v.wl" ••¦•"• •."•••S4.OO.S6.5O, $7.5O,$9.OO, «1O.OO. S12.5O
g In Cloths .........................;....... «4.OO. S5.OO, ST.50, SIO.OO
154.00 Satin Striped Moreen Petticoats, now ... . . .. .$2.00
CHEVIOT AND CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS at one- third off.
GOOD {ALL-WOOL SKIRTS, trimmed, at .... . . . • . $2.50 and $4.00'
SOME LATE NOVELTIE.S IN BLUES, TANS, GRAYS, BUCKS. .... $8,50
I^Pi-Day Hair RostorenlSk
«^P^^l IT IS PERFECTLY HARMLESS and leaves no j^^^V^
g Mrs. Nettie Harrison Co. m
JJm DERMATOLOGIST, "»l»iOlympus Parlor had a well attended
and enthusiastic meeting on the 11th inst.
The parlor decided to attend and partici
pate in the 9th of September celebration
at Santa, Rosa. A. Mocker and J. Cos
grove were appointed a committee to vis-
On last Thursday night California Par
lor had a smoker for its members and
gentlemen friends. It was attended by
more than two hundred and was a de
lightful success. B. Myron Wolf, the
master of ceremonies, brought out all the
points of an entertaining programme in
rapid succession. This included, vocal and
instrumental numbers that were contrib
uted by Curry and Cutter, William Fahey
and William Large, Kelly and Marlowe,
Lloyd Spencer, W. Bracketf and others.
There were several exhibitions of scien
tific boxing and addresses by Major Juill
iard," of Santa Rosa, grand marshal of
the Gran.d Parlor, and by Merton C. Allen
The first named spoke at some length on
the subject of the celebration at Santa
Rosa on the 9th of September. This par
lor will have a ladies' night on the 26th
inst. and will have an outing on the 4th
of July..
Rlncon Parlor at its last held meeting
elected the following named to serve for
the ensuing term: Frank W.' Roeckner,
president; V. L. Orengo, Ed Courtney and.
J. R. Manning, vice presidents; L. K.
Hagenkamp, recording secretary; W. E.
Foley, financial secretary; T. H. Vivian,
treasurer f M. R. Noon, marshal; W. H.
Harrison, Adolph Ammann and Harry W.
Muller, trustees. This parlor has secured
headquarters in Santa Rosa, where It will
entertain its members - and friends Jn
grand style during the celebration of Ad
mission day.
Sequoia Parlor has elected the following
named as officers for the term that is
soon due: D. D. Gibbons, president; Wil
liam L. Llppert, R. P. Dunphy and Jo
seph Wright, vice- presidents; Charles E.
Tcrres, financial secretary; R. D. Barton,
recording secretary; A. Gudehus, mar
shal; H. A. Fox, inside sentinel; H. A. I*
Bahlmann, outside sentinel; prs. Adler,
Donnelly and Mahoney, physicians. F. A.
McGinney was elected trustee, vice A.
Gudehus, term expired. : .
At an enthusiastic meeting of Pacific
Parlor last week the followed named were
chosen to serve as officers for the ensuing
term: Alexander F. Williams, president;
Daniel C. Deasy, William Locke and Ed
ward J. Lynch, vice presidents; William
Dahl, marshal: John Miller, recording
secretary; Al Latham, treasurer;- George
G. Fraser, financial secretary; T. W.' B.
Leland, T. A. Rottanzi, H. W. Hunsacker,
T. B. Roche and William C. Hopper, phy
sicians. : - '
NATIVE SONS.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Last Wednesday evening the National
Union Social and Literary Club gave
•mother of its delightful entertainments
in Odd Fellows' Hall, when the follow
ing programme was carried out after
Bichel's orchestra shall have played
"England's Finest," a march, and "Pine
Peng," a selection: Soprano solo, "Little
Bird, Why Singest Thou?" (Lizzie B
Roes), Miss Mabel Martin; character mon
ologue. "Wilfred Enos; whistling solo
Elizabeth Nella— soloist McKenzle Mu
sical Society; basso solo (selected) Wil-
All the tribes»of this city, of Alameda
and San Mateo counties are busy ar
ranging for the Red Men's picnic in July.
Great Chief of Records Bliss left for
Salinas last Friday, to be present at the
conferring of degree work by the team of
Pocahontas Tribe.
Under direction of the entertainment
committee, composed of W. Goldman, E.
Lastreto, G. H. Stein, C. F. Granz, T. E.
Bradley and J. J. Keefe; the ladies' night
of Yosemite Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men will be continued on the last
Tuesday of each month.
IMPROVED ORDER, OF RED MEN.
On the last day in May Olive Branch
Chapter gave its third anniversary ball
in Elks' Hall and there were a large num
ber of the members as well as all the
officers present to enjoy the well arranged
programme of dances that had been pre
pared by the committee of arrangements
There were also present many of the
friends of the membership who congrat
ulated the chapter on the great success
it had made in three years of Its existence.
A feature of the affair was the issuance
of a souvenir programme in which there
is devoted a page to the grand chapter
and one to each of the local chapters on
which anpears the central star and the
names of the officers of each chapter. This
will be greatly appreciated by all mem
bers of the order.
San Francisco Chapter at its meeting on
the 2d ir.st. had a good attendance of mem
bers and visitors to witness the initiation
of four candidates. The officers rendered
the work with that degree of perfection
for which they have so often been praissd.
Aftsr the work of the evening, there were
short addresses by the visitors and then
there was served a collation. Mrs. H. M.
Owons rendered the music during the in
itiatory work. This chapter less than a
year old has now a membership of seven
ty.
California Chapter held an interesting
meeting on the night of the 5th inst..
when there were initiated Co!. George H
Pippy, Harry and Mrs. Haviside, Henry
C. and Mrs. Schaertzer and Miss Susan
Logan. P. F. Ferguson, the worthy pa
tron, returned after a short absence from
the city and was given a hearty welcome
In the absence of the worthy matron Dr
Bertha Stark, the position of worthy
maticn was filled by Junior Past Worthy
Matron Mrs. Lizzie Tonnlngsen and the
work was rendered In a manner that won
for the officers many words of praise from
the visitors. Among the speakers were-
Mrs. F. M. Hubbs, grand Ruth of the*
Grand Chapter of New York, Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Youner of Keystone Chap
ter of Boston. Past Patron J. B. Fuller
Dr. W. E. Smith. Col. G. H. Pippy, Henry
C. Schaertzer, and L. C and Mrs Byco
of Petaluma. After the close of the meet
ing there was dancing and light refresh
ments.
Last Monday night District Deputy
THE EASTERN STAR.
Court Ivanhoe at its last held meeting
initiated a class of sixteen strangers.
This court will this month remove its
headquarters to the A. O. F. building.
The recently elected supreme chief com
panion of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., has already started to make vis
its to local circles. On the 22d ult. she
visited Bournemouth Circle, where she
assisted in the initiation of three stran
pers. The following night she was with
Justice Circle, which initiated four stran
gers. On the 26th she visited Mazzini Cir
cle, and there, after the initiation of i
candidate, she was elected an honorary
member of the circle. On the following
Wednesday she paid a visit to Bohemian
Circle, of which she is a member and past
chief companion. In appreciation of her
elevation to the highest office In the order
the circle presented her with a basket of
Leautiful flowers and then made her the
guest of honor at a banquet. The supreme
officer on the 2d Inst. visited Fidelitv Cir
cle, being accompanied by Past Supreme
Chief Companion M. Boehm. To him the
circle presented a beautiful fountain nen
with the request that he use the same to
make notes of the circle's doings for the
fraternal department of The Call.
Preparations are being made to Insti
tute a number of circles within a few
The Grand Circle of the Companions of
the Forest that recently held its session
in this city a few days since presented
Past Supreme Grand Chief Companion
John Falconer a fine gold watch in ap
preciation of his services for the order.
The same body presented to Mrs. L. G.
Miller, the retiring supreme grand chief
companion, a diamond brooch.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Arcanum day, twenty-fifth anniversary
of the formation of the order, will be
celebrated on June 23d by all the councils
of the city at Golden Gate Hall, when
wiU t>e produced for the first time
an entirely new one act play written by
M. S. de Roco, who with . his talented
wife will appear in the cast. After which
an address will be delivered by ,the
grand regent, G. Gunzendorfer, to be
followed by dancing, etc. As admis
sion can only be had by Invitation, tick
ets are in great demand. Able commit
tees have been appointed, and of these
G. B. Tuley is chairman and George W.
Dixon secretary.
Argonaut Council, No. 597, celebrated its
twenty-first anniversary on Monday last
in Sutter Hall, Pioneer building. The
room was crowded with a full representa
tion of the members Qf this the pioneer
council of the Pacific Coast. Four of the
remaining seven of its charter members
were present. F. H. Lamb, who served as
regent of council at its institution in
1SS1, presided, assisted by Taliesln Evans
as vice regent, and E. H. Morgan as
orator; both of these held these offices in
18SL A splendid programme was provided
by the committee, of which M. S. de
Rcco was chairman. Suitable refresh
ments and cigars were provided. Eloquent
remarks were made by Messrs. Lamb,
Evans, Morgan, B. Bernhard, T. F. Burn
ham and others. Letters were read from
some of the absent charter members who
are living in distant parts of the country.
The anniversary was voted a success.
Le Conte Council w^as instituted at
Berkeley June 6th by Grand Regent G.
Gunzendorfer, assisted by several of his
deputy grand regents, with a large del
egation of visiting members from San
Francisco, Oakland and Alameda. W. E.
Benedict, Regent of Alameda Council,
acted as regent of the degree team. The
council was instituted with over forty
members. John S. Ross was selected as
regent, and Joshua O. Brock as secre
tary, together with a full corps of officers.
The grand regent announced the ap
pointment of Harry W. France of Oak
land as the district deputy in charge of
Le Conte Council.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge of the Rebekahs
at its meeting last Monday night had a
large attendance to witness the initiation
of five candidates in a most admirable
manner by the corps of that lodge's offi
cers. The lodge has elected Ada M. Law
rance as noble grand, Mollle E. McCollis
ter as vice grand and Lillie Carron re
cording secretary.
THE REBEKAHS.
The court In Marysville will initiate a
class of twenty-five on the 17th of July,
tnd Court Olive of Los Angeles will initi
ate a like number on the 20th.
The Foresters' picnic, to be given at
Echuetzen Park on the 27th of July, prom
ises to be a great success.
Court James G. Blalne is arranging for
an entertainment and ball to be given in
July.
On the night of the 12th of June Court
Inter Nos of the Foresters of America, of
which Grand Chief Ranger E. I. Wolfe is
& member, gave a dinner at one of
the prominent local restaurants in honor
of their fellow member having been ele
vated to the highest office in the order.
The function will be under the direction
of the following named committee: P.
F McCarthy, J. Fopplano, James J.
Pvock, E. J. "Lawlor and C. A. Turner.
There were about a hundred of the
members present and several of the grand
officers as special guests. Dr. W. J. Haw
kins was toastmaster, and after the ilack
coffee had been served there were re
sponses to the following toasts: "Gravid
Chief Ranger," by the guest of honor;
-Fraternity," Sub-Chief Ranger Gabriel;
"The Ladies," Past Grand Chief Ranger
J. Heenan; "Liberty," H. E. Simon; "The
Grand Court," Grand Secretary Cordy;
"Grand Recording Secretary's Duties,"
J. E. O'Brien, G. R. S. Curing the even
ing there was Instrumental music by an
orchestra and vocal selections by J. Fop
piano. The committee of arrangements
was P. F. McCarthy, E. J. Lawlor, J. J.
Rock, John Foppiano Sr. and C. A. Tur
ner.
FOBESTEES OF AMERICA.
Golden Gate Council No. 3 of the Daugh
ters of Liberty, the baby council of San
Francisco, which was organized a little
more than a month ago, is doing remark
ably well, having a large attendance at
each meeting and adding to Its member
ship so rapidly that in a short time it will
reach the One hundred mark. The council,
which meets every Thursday evening in
Mission Opera building, has a social even
ing after every meeting and that makes
the council hall an attractive place to
visit A number of the members of this
council and of Martha Washington Coun
cil belong to the Oriental Swimming Club,
which will give Its swimming party at Su
tro's on the night of the 3d inst. On the
21st inst, under the direction of the good
of the order committee, the members will
make the ascent of Mount Tamalpais and
on the 2Sth inst. the council will give its
first social in Mission Opera Hall.
On the 22d of June California Council
of the Daughters of Liberty will form a
coaching party and be driven to the Fisn
Ranch in Contra Costa County. It is for
members only and will no doubt be a verv
enjoyable outing. The officers for the en
suing term will be elected on the 25th
inst. and they will be installed on the 2d
of July, after which there will be a ban
quet. At the meeting of the council last
week there was a blindfolded contest in
animal drawing on a blackboard. Mrs.
George A. Little won the first prize for
drawing a very creditable outline of a
horse and Mrs. J. W. Colby got the booby
prize for having drawn something that
was never before seen anywhere in the
world. At the preceding meeting a num
ber of original articles were presented for
the council magazine and some of them
we^re very meritorious.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBEBTY
On; the 7th inst. the cornerstone of a
new hall for Odd Fellows was laid with
appropriate ceremonies at Arroyo Grande,
Ran Luis Obispo County, by Past Grand
Master L. L. Alexander. In the evening
there was an interesting meeting of the
lodge at that place and later on there was
a banquet.
The new grand master is arranging for
a series of official v.isitations at an early
date. He will during his term introduce
some features that will have a tendency
to arouse a great deal of interest in the
general membership.
Fidelity Lodge will pay a visit to Ori
ental Rebekah Lodge on the 18th inst.
and the host lodge has made arrange
ments for a grand reception of the visit
ors.
The recently elected grand master of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
was tendered a reception by his home
lodge, Red Bluff, in honor .of his ele
vation in the order. After . congratula
tions there was a banquet and a general
good time followed.
JHE ODD FELLOWS.
At the semi-annual meeting of San
Francisco Tent ', of the Knights of the
Maccabees the hall was prettily decorated
and there were present a large number of
members arid visitors, who, after the gen
eral work of the tent had been disposed
of, were delightfully entertained. There
was an interesting address by State Com
mtnder S. W. Hall, who showed by facts
and figures that the order is steadily and
rapidly growing and that it is having a
good influence in the whole country. He
was followed by Picket W. B. Greenberg,
Armorer J. H. Whiteside and Trustee
Harry Knox, the remarks of each being
well received. Great interest is mani
fested in the contest that will be had by
degree teams in Los Angeles next August,
when the team of this tent, which has
been brought up to a remarkable degree
of proficiency by Captain H. L. Tickner,
expects to carry away the trophy. Su
preme Commander D. P. Markey, who
W HJ y 161 ' Los Angeles during the session,
will be in San Francisco for a short time
on his way to the southland. The follow
ing named were elected officers for the
ensuing term: C. E. Jackson, commander;
Clarence Erickson, lieutenant command
er; H. H. Castle, record-keeper; Theodore
Frolich, finance-keeper; Dr. W. D. Clark,
physician; C. Smith, chaplain; T. Guer
uendez, sergeant; C. J. Lenzer, master at
arms: Charles Ross, first master of
guards; E. V. Hollingsworth, second mas
ter of guards; J. W. Storey, sentinel; W.
t. Greenberg, picket; J. H. Whiteside,
armorer; George V, Leroi, scribe; 'J. E.
Kruger, organist.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
On the night of the Uth inst. there was
a. meeting of the membership of San
Francisco, Berkeley, Clarksburg and
Courtland councils of the Order of jAmer
icus in the Pioneer building to tender a
reception to Past Supreme President
Winfield S. Lane of Greensburg, Pa., who
was here on a visit. The meeting was
called to order by John Van Alen, man
ager of the Pacific Coast department,
who Introduced Dr. William C. Hassler,
chairman of the special entertainment
committee. He in a neat speech wel
comed the guest of the evening. Mr.
Lane responded in a pleasant manner, ex
pressing himself pleased with the way
in which the order is being managed on
this coast, and then gave a most inter
esting account of the organization and of
the men who are at the head of it.. This
was followed by a' short programme of
entertainment, after which the guest was
escorted to a rotisserie, where a supper
was enjoyed and there was a general dis
cussion on the progress of the order. The
visitor created a very favorable impres
sion on all who saw and heard him.
OKDEE, OF AMERICUS.
mT the last helfi meeting of
New Century Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of
America the following named
were elected as officers for
the ensuing term: Jessie
Wissel. chief companion; Mr * ~*
E. ' Drendel. subchief; Sarah Bever
sen. treasurer; Belle Burton, "cordlm,
secretary; Mrs. E. H. Zeiss^f'^^fit
eecretary; Lena Rickenbeil, «ght BJ»«'
Florence Holt, left fuWe: •Mollie utside
inside guard: Mrs. I. Burton, -outside
ikigS^^Volfe^fhe
America After the Initiation the new
member gave to the
interesting address and stated that as
branch of the order the attention .t
deserves. He said that the Companions
ought to receive from the Foresters of
America the same consideration and at
tention that is bestowed on the lady aux
iliaries of other orders. During the even
ta* the following named were elected to
EerVe for the next term: Miss Alice Fee
ean. chief companion; Miss Lizzie Fee-
Ian, subchief: Nellie Shea, right guide;
Mamie McGrath, left guide; Annie Dane,
Inside guard; Mary Robinson, outside
cuard, end John Smith, recording secre
tary. This circle's members will have a
private picnic at Estudillo Park to-day
end oa the £0th of July will have a grand
outing at Buena Vista Park.
AX the close of the session of the Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
of. America last Thursday night Miss
Alice Ticoulet, the retiring grand chief
companion, was, by Mrs. Atwood, S. b.
C. C., on behalf of the Grand Circle, pre
sented a fine silver tea set and a nair
dozen spoons as a token of appreciation
of services during her term of office as
cfcief last year and subchief the year be
fore. At the banquet given In the even
ing Martha Washington Circle, through
Miss Essie Kragen, presented to Mrs.
Worms, the grand chief companion, who
was the deputy of that circle, a rosewood
gavel, silver mounted, to use in govern
ing fiurins her term of office.
Grand JMatron Mrs. A. M, Johnson visited
Heulah Chapter, it being! the last of her
official visits. She was received by al
most the entire membership and there
were present many visitors including a.
number of the grand officers. There was
a fine exemplification of the work in the
initiation of candidates and several ad
dresses for the good of the' order. The
visiting official was presented with , a
beautiful loving cup of Bohemian ware as
a souvenir of • the occasion. The cer
emonies were followed /by a banquet.
During the term, of thV present officers
that chapter r has initiated twenty-one
candidates, elected one to membership on
Monday and received one petition.
California Council at its last held meet
ing admitted by initiation Dr. Hubble and
elected the following named as delegates
to the assembly, which will shortly meet
to elect an additional senator which this
Jurisdiction this year is entitled to: A. K.
Klngsford, \V. A. S. Nicholson, H. A.
Graves, J. A.. Sparrowe and C. H. Van
Orden. Senator Fairman, a member of
Cook Council, was a visitor and delivered
an interesting address.
liam H. Brown; xylophone solo (se
lected), J. Casad: "Fun on the Old
Plantation," by genuine banjoigts, Wil
liam Jackson, Henry Walls and George
Bluett; darky fun and songs, plantation
banjo playing. Finale (introducing the
great suecess), "The Darky Dream, or
the Old Slave's Return."
As Cold in Lodge Ante=Room
it Santa Rosa and secure a hall in which
the parlor can receive its friends and hold
a grand ball. W. Burns and J. Epstein
were appointed acommittee to select uni
forms for the parlor. . Captain Fred Bern
zott announced the following as members
of the drum and bugle corps: George For
rest, I. Iverson, M. Stumpff, P. H., Cul
len, George I. White, D. Holliday, George
McCoxmick, Eugene Ratto, Phil Dietz and
George Rusehmuller. ' Under new business
the following named were elected officers
for the ensuing term: William McLaugh
lin, president; Ralph Campbell, J. Whalen
and F.- Taylor, vice presidents; C. S. M.
White, marshal; Andrew Mocker, record
ing secretary; J. Cosgrove, financial sec
retary; J. Frankel, H. Hinkel and R. Cul
len, trustees; Drs. Thomas P. Bodkin and
J. M. Quigley, physicians. These and the
minor. officers will be installed on the 2d
of July in Devisadero-street. Hail.
The following named have been elected
officers of Mission Parlor for the ensuing
term: ' Eugene Levy, .president; W.' W.
Fairchild, C. W. Mark and A. C. Cheney,
vice presidents; N. W. Hall, marshal;
George S. Long Jr., recording secretary;
D. W. Ervin, financial secretary; Jphn
Porcher, treasurer; Drs. • Black und At
kins,. physicians; M. C. Whyte, trustee;
George E. Krueger, organist; D. B. Bow
ley, collector; F. O. Waite, historian. .
The following named have been elected
onlcers of Alcalde Parlor for the ensuing
term: Emilid Lastreto, past president;
Martin J. O'Donnell, president; W. N.
Youngman, first vice president; H. O.
Rogers, second vice president; J. McCar
ron, third vice president; J. B. Acton, re
cording secretary; L. J. Hurley, financial
secretary; Thomas Smith, marshal;' A.
Rahwyler, treasurer; "William O. Louis,
trustee; Dr. Gallwey and Dr. " Caglieri,
physicians; J. B. Acton, collector.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
San Luisita Parlor lias elected the'fol
lowing named officers for the ensuing
term: Mrs. W. M. John, president; Miss
Louise K. Egan, first vice president; Mrs.
W. G. Johnson, second vice president;
Mrs. W. Mallagh, third vice president;
Miss Frances Steinhart,, marshal; Miss
Agnes Lee, recording secretary; Miss
Maud Scott, financial secretary; Miss
Nellie Thomson, treasurer; Mrs. Jennie
Kelly, inside sentinel; Miss Laura Graves,
outside sentinel; Mrs. Fiedler, Mrs. Dor
mer and Mrs. T. A. McCaffrey, trustees;
Drs. Nichols and Knowlton, physicians;
Miss Lena Ready, organist.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
In accordance with a resolution adopted
.at the last held session of the Grand
Lodge of-' the Ancient Order of United
Workmen the grand recorder has moved
his headquarters from the Flood to the
Callaghan building, where he has se
cured five rooms for offices. These are
being arranged in a manner that . will
facilitate the transaction of business and
will be a decided improvement on the
old headquarters.
Miss Loretta F. Donnelley, grand re
corder of the Degree of Honor, has also
moved her office from the Flood building
to the Callaghan building,
j The lodges of District No. 6 had a
pleasant evening last week in the hall of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14. The affair
was under the direction of District Dep
uty Grand Master Workman J. T. Shay
ler. The programme was made up of
instrumental and vocal music contrib
uted by F. Liberty, Mr. Miles, Messrs.
Kelly and Turrill. Daniel Sherin and
Mr. Wenzeld. This was followed by a
boxing exhibition by J. Kenny and J.
Oakes and Barney Driscoll and J. Ken
ny; jig dancing, C. H. Earkarth; a ballad
by J. Murth and F. Carr. There were
short addresses by Grand Master Work
man Freeman and District Deputy Dr.
Duncan, after which there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall, where a
collation was served and cigars, pipes
and tobacco were distributed.
The ball and entertainment that was
given 8 by the San Francisco Extension
Committee In Odd Fellows' Hall Ia3t
week was well attended and proved a
pleasing feature of the fraternal 'enter
tainments of the week. The committee
in, charge proposes to give an entertain
ment each month and to make . such
popular.
Unity Lodge has elected the following
named as officers for the ensuing term:
Frederick Trowbrldge, master workman;
J. P. Fltzslmmons, foreman; John R.
Kane, overseer; H. Grimshaw, recorder;
William Tuggy, x financier; E. . Lawton,
receiver; William" J. Murphy, guide; F.
E. Wharff, inside, and J. F. Stenberg,
outside watchman; J. M. Block, trustee,
and R. <2. Amberger, organist. This
ledge will give its next entertainment on
the 17th inst. in its lodge room in Elks'
Hall. ¦ \ -
The next entertainment by the local
lodges, under the direction of the exten
sion committee, will be given In Odd Fel
lows' Hall on the night of the 25th Inst.
A new lodge was instituted at Pleyto
on the 7th Inst.
The grand recorder reports claims to
the extent of $76,000 paid to- beneficiaries
during May.
Oakland, Oakleaf, Pacific and Keystone
lodges and Ivy Lodge of the Degree of
Honor have secured headquarters in Fra
ternal Hall, Oakland, which hereafter
will be known as A. O. U. W. Hall.
Valley Lodge will install its officers on
the night of the 9th of July, after which
there will be an entertainment and a
dance.
R. H. McPherson, recorder of Prosper
ity Lodge and bookkeeper in the office of
the grand recorder, has been quite ill for
several days.
senfield and Messrs. Waldie, Mulllns and
Brown.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Supreme Representatives M. Crowe and
Ben I. Salomon have gonii East to attend
the session of the Supreme Lodge that is
to hold its next session in Cleveland, Ohio.
Liberty Lodge at its last held meeting
received one application; also a progress
leport on the recent picnic. It is likely
that the lodge will do. well in aid of Its
fund for the sick this outing.
The following named will be .the officers
of Norman Lodge for the ensuing term:
H. -Monash, past dictator; N. H. Hirsch
feld, dictator; Joseph Morris, vice dicta
tor; J. A. Berliner, assistant dictator; J.
Gans, reporter; P. J. Joyce, financial re
porter; F. W. Zehfuss, treasurer; J. Maas
chaplain; F. Wilkins, guide; I. Michaels,
guard; A. .Selig, -sentinel; D. Davis, J.
Maas and I. Michaels. ' trustees; P. H.
Maas, M.D., physician.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Mrs. F. Davidson and Mrs. Lillie
Dygert, who have been respectively elect
ed president and vice president of the
Supreme Lodge . of the Friends of the
Forest, are both well known in the fra
ternal circles of this city, and If earnest
ness of purpose and a desire to advance
the organization with which they are
connected counts for anything, they will
make a good showing at the next session
of the supreme body.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE,
About twenty members of Britannia
Lodge of the Daughters, of St. "George
a few days ago Accepted the Invitation of
Mrs. Norrington, one of the members, to
visit her at her home in Mill Valley. The
visitors were most cordially welcomed and
treated to a sumptuous collation by- the
hostess. The afternoon was spent in vis
iting the«beautiful places in the vicinity,
including the charming spot called Ernes
cliffe. . ¦ . ¦ I
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
.On the night of the 7th inst. Sherwood
Circle gave an apron and necktie party
that was attended by a very, large num
ber of people who enjoyed a good pro
gramme of dances. Tt was under the
management of Alice O'Keefe, and Mes
flames Harvey, Ferguson, Mayer and
Hull. Mrs. Mae A. O'Brien was the floor
director.
Six new circles are in progress of or
ganization, three of them in this city.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. Boehm
was taken. down with a paralytic stroke
last Sunday, but she has fully recovered
and is again at her post of duty.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. A.
Boehm, accompanied by Supreme Secre
tary Mrs. F. Morrow Corwin, Su
preme Treasurer Mrs. G. J. Berger, Su
premo Right Guide Mrs. L. Scheuren and
Supreme Outer Guard , Mrs. Senne, paid
an official visit to Washington Circle.
A number of members, of Pride of the
,Forest Circle of Oakland, Ivanhoo Circle
and Loyal Circle were represented.
During the evening several strangers
were initiated and later in the evening a
banquet was served in the banquet room.
Past Supreme Chief .. Companion J. Fal
coner on behalf of . the circle presented
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. A. Boehm
a handsome card case and flowers; the
other supreme officers were presented
with flowers. Past High Chief Ranger
M. Boehm was present, and like the oth
ers, received his share, -During the even
ing there were speeches, piano solo, ban
jo and mandolin duet, and singing. On
June 19, Supreme Chief Companion
Mrs. A. Boehm, in company with the su
preme officers, will visit Franklin Circle
On Thursday, July 3. she, with the mem
bers of .the .executive board, will pay a
visit to Piedmont Circle; The following
deputies have been appointed: Past Su
preme Chief Companion Mrs. Falconer
Washington Circle; Miss McNorton, Ivan
hoe Circle; MrB, Harvey, Sherwood Circl«-
Mrs. Pritchard. Loyal Circle; Mrs. Cum
mins, Pride of the Forest Circle; Mrs
Thomson, Bohemian Circle; Mrs. Won
derlich, Fidelity Circle; Mrs. . Cervelli
Mazzini Circle; Mrs. Peyton, Vallev Cir
cle. -Deputies at large, Past Supreme
Chief ..Companions J. Falconer and M
Boehm. •
THE ELKS.
The force of workmen and artisans that
for some , time past have been altering
and renovating the quarters of the Elks
at Grant avenue and Sutter street are
still at work fitting up the place to. meet
the : requirements ¦ of the San IJrancisco
membership. About ten thousand dollars
will be expended in making- the quarters
the handsomest in the United States. It
is expected that the added premises will
be ready for occupancy in the early part
of July.-- : . /. . »
Last Monday Court Apollo o/ the Inde
pendent Qrder of Foresters gave an en
tertainment and dance in Mission Opera
Hall, at which there was a good atten
dance of the members and their families.
There were a few remarks by'Past Chief
Ranger P. T. Wheeler, who Introduced
Supreme Treasurer H. A. Collins of Can
ada, He delivered a forcible and logical
address on the order and created consid
erable A enthusiasm in the membership
Then there were specialties by Miss Ma
bel Pfelfer, violin solo by Master Viggo
Nielsen; I instrumental selections by the
Surinsky children; specialties by Miss
Stella MaqDonald and' a cakewalk by
several participants. This was followed
by a battle with serpentines by children
and dancing by the adults. During the
evening the court served refreshments.
The committee of arrangements was F
T. Wheeler, C. Neilsen, Chief Ranger Ro-
INDEPENDENT FOBESTERS.
AMERICAN BENEVOLENT.
An assembly, of the 'American Benev
olent Association, a fraternal- sick and
accidental , beneficial order - with supreme
office, at 'St. Louis, Mo., was organized in
thi;.\ city June 6th with a membership of
62 by State Deputy Q. L. Matney. The
officers elected were: G. L. Gerard, P. G
R.: Dr.C. C. : Baker, G. R.; Harry Sip
pie, G. V. R. ; C. J. Jacobson, G. S. ; E
H. Winslow.tG. T.; T. A.. Stark, G. S •
M. " Ray Alexander, G. G. ; Mrs. D. Her
rick, G. C; Daniel G. Castro, G. S. ' Grand
Trustees, O.B. Read, Miss E. M. Thomas
and: Mrs. 'I. O. Holmes.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL.;. : SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I REDUCTIONS! GREATER REDUCTIONS! j
9 ¦ - ¦ ¦ . - ¦ . - ™
e» ..-.-.. ¦ • . -•. ©
•:.;¦• • •¦¦¦¦¦>.. -. : \ ¦ . . •
| ...THIRD WEEK... f
1 The Very Latest Styles! |
© ¦ •¦• . ,-¦; ..'.._ ¦ . .. •¦•¦¦¦ ©
• . ¦¦ ' ¦'¦/¦¦ ©
I N Man Tailored Suits Reduced. 8
t Tuxedo, Eton and Novelty Jackets Reduced. |
I Cloth and Silk Dress Skirts Reduced. I
S - i •
2 ,$30.00 and $40.00 NOVELTY SUITS, silk-lined and drop skirts, to... •
I >. \.. #20.00 and $25.00 g
G $22.50 HIGH GRkDR SUITS, reduced to ....$15.00 g
f $15.00 HIGH GRADti SUITS, redue'ed to .' $10.00 ©
0 $12.50 OXFORD TAILOR SUITS, reduced to $7.5O J
• $10.00 PEAU DE SOIE ETON JACKETS, reduced to........ $G.oO q
0 $20.00 MOIRE ANTIQUE LONG COATS, lace trimmed. ...#15.00 «
• $15.00 MOIRE- ANTIQUE. LONG COATS ....$10.00 |
1 $32.50 PEAU DE SOIE LONG COATS $21.50 ©
O $3.00 GRAY AND COLORED DRESS SKIRTS (lined) 92.OO.'9
• $6.00 VENETIAN DRESS SKIRTS (lined) ....$4.00 Q
a $7.50 BLACK VENETIAN AND CHEVIOT DRESS SKIRTS ' 2
e (lined) $5.00 f
• $12.00 BLACK AND GRAY THIBET DRESS SKIRTS (lined) ' •
• .'. $s.5o e
§ $20.00 NOVELTY SILK SKIRTS (lined) ..* ..$12.5O 5
• The Best Bargains Ever Offered. Call Early. ®
• . 9
• 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. 1
2 ' .. ' ' _ . - . •
AMUSEMENTS.
9 : -"-^- : •
Q Week Commencing THIS \ AFTER- q
! Q NOON. June 15. q
if A BIG NEW SHOW. |
]f Limited Engagement of q
I Eleanor Falk, S
IS AND HER TEN PRETTY GIRLS, .5
© Presenting "THE SUNNY SOUTH." •
| Bedim* and Arthur, |
0 Comedy Jugglers. Q
i "n^firinitinar^ \
5? Marvelous Marksmen. jf
© 9
I Swan and Bambard, I
/ 9 Groteso^ie Acrobatic Comedians. 9
Ig^WsisterrMeTedithTl
0 Refined Singers and Dancers. 0
| Barton and Ashley, •
0 Eccentric Comedians. {>
4fc - — ' **'rm _ »-»- — 0-*- r-L -,-k j-fc ji £%
§ Howard Chambers, §
0 The New Zealand Baritone. Q
| The Biography g
q With New Moving Pictures. 0
• - LAST WEEK OF O
1 Cusiiman, Curtis and •
| Hoicombe, |
q Introducing "THE NEW TEACHER." Q
© ¦ ©
O Parquet, any seat, 23c; balcony. 10c; 4}
a children, any part except reserved, 10c. «%
5f A few front orchestra rows, reserved, Jf
• 50c; front rows of balcony, reserved, •
® 25c. 9
9 i 9
C3900000QC000903000000
UNION COURSING PARK.
JNO. SBACE, Jadgs; JA3. T. GRACB, Slljptr.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY .... JUNE 15
Puppy anfl
ClassW States,
Champion lib
iDlMBiniDi.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a.m.,
11 a.m., 12 m. and 1 p.m.; Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p.m and after last course. San Mateo
electric cars every five minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"MISS JH1OBBS"
Week ,' Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY!
EVENING,
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
MAUDE FEALY
.. EDWARD MORCAN.
In the Most Magnificent Production of
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
EVER SEEN ON ANT STAGE.
Same POPULAR PRICES—
10c. 15c, 25c. BOc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue..
MODERN VAUDEyIHe EVEBY AFTEK-
NOON AND EVENING.
KELLY AND KENT: MURPHY ~ AN©
SLATER: TWIN NICES ; EDYTHE TIL-
DEN: NELLIE MONTGOMERY; ROMANY
TRIO. AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
BEGINNING TO-DAY! HARDY DOWNING
LOOPING THE LOOP!
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
Admission 10c Children Sa
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION
TO LOS GATOS. SANTA CRUZ MOUN-
TAINS, TUESDAY, JUNE 17.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION- -
SONS OF AMERICAN REVOLUTION— _ZH
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS -
Special train leaves Third and Townsend sta.
9:13 a. m.. stopping at Valencia st. Tlckats*
round trip $1; children 30c. For sale at depot
morning of excursion. Music, Second Regiment
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 d' m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN Be
Bathing. Including admission, 25c; children 20c.
PfllflCft Desirable location,
a uiuvw tmsurpassed cuisine,
- unequaled ser-
flflfl vice and modern
WUI * conveniences are the
p ' j attributes that have
lif/lfm made these two ho-
UIU1IU tels popular with
II A 1 tourists and travel-
tifkTPlC ers who visit San
llUlWld Francisco.
MKJfCALl
61 pep Year.
AMUSEMENTS^ :¦
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2 SHARP.
WEEK MONDAY. JUNE 16. £
POSITIVELY THE LAST.
. the 1 ;.
YOU SHOULD NOT FAIL TO SEE IT!
Come and f The funny mnesT"
WyillW «-*"*•* coMIC SITUATIONS '
LdU&h at Und TIMELY TOPICS.
¦ SEE THE GREAT TOY SHOP SCENE.
BRING THE CHILDREN ON SATURDAY
AFTERNOON.
EVERY ONE GETS A PRESENT.
MONDAY. JUNE 23 — The World-Famous
. • Success,
The Idol's Eye
("HOOT, MON!")
POPULAR PRICES- 25c» 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
AMTJSEMENTS.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY. I pilll Til l|V)T|irn
Prices— 10c, 15c. 25c. ft hi] I I M 1 1 1 H I* H
TO-NIGHT— Last Time n UUILI ' mUllltll
TO-MORROW EVO.— ALL. NEXT WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest Farce Comedy of
Them All,
o o
IMY1
o — o
oooo
O— — : __o
Or — — -o
oooo oooo
O o
Monroe & Rice's Incomparable Laugh Pro-
ducer.
The best tonic In the world for the blues and
"that tired feeling."
An Evenln* of Genuine. Unadulterated Fun.
IDlfFC. EVENINGS... 10o to BOc
mitts, matinees :..::ite. ifcT %£
\ TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE— Thursday, Jane 19.
The Favorite Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Great Play,
ini^uniuriiiu
Seats Now Selling Two Weeks In Advance.
Box office open to-day from 10 a. m. to 2 d m_
Beginning TO-MORROW
SECOND WEEK. V"'j;.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLLR,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And SPECIAL COMPANY
LAST SIX NIGHTS
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and 'SATURDAY
. A. W. Pinero's Comedy in Four Acts
"Trelawny of the Wells."
AM^ n T e Tv? 3 ~ H ? NRT M I L LER. MARGARET
an N d°New Y^^L?™^ * the London
"THE GAY LORD QUEX."
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY. '
lil'SSL THURSDAY— 25c, 50s.T
MR.JAMtS NLIlL AND COMPANY. •
Presenting C. Haddon Chambers' Powerful
CAPTAIN' SWIFT.
••• SEATS READY.
Next— "WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS "
Coming— Special Engagement
. ., x^ 11 *' FR EDERICK WARDE
And His Excellent Company of Players
Fischer's Theater.
SEEING I ELEVEN
IS WEEKS
BELIEVING. TO-MORROW
AND WE ARE STILL STANDING THEM UP
But we may conclude to change the burlesque
at any moment, so come at once
FIDDLE DEEDEE
THE FUNNIEST OF THEM ALL.
Nlsht Prices. : 25c and 60c. Matinees." Sat.
and Sun.. 25c. .Children at Matinees, lbc
Souvenirs Monday. June 23.
WLAft, tejrA km f^^kJ 5^|\ % Lured While
WASTING, SfJf! |m mm You Sleep,
STRICTURED IWi Ifa^ 1 IN 15 DAYS
ggfti^- "Gran-Solvent" ike Wander of tho Gentury.
f^fe^ 1 GL4- *+*sv4-«« h+£± flissoljed Like Snow Beneath the
(^ I^li ; SI flGttl IT© T s ™- w f:5 DAYS. The Tension
x^ *$riv% Instantly Relieved.
K iS3«ir 2Q,468"GURES LAST Y£AR.-2Q,463
•.<! Xh/(*Zi tr R/i^r^^ by the Magic
jSL^S&k-. VVCdK ITien^: J^es Treatment, Ip-
-***»¦"*"****" phed Locally and Directly.
\ / o *• I rrf\ rr £\ 1 £k £ Sluggish Accumulation of Blood in the
V dl iwCvIC \eins, due to a torpid, diseased Prostate Gland.
mri^r.r.^ «m. i *• i-- ». "Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate and renews
vigorous circulation, which expels impure blood and restore* healthy tissue.
"GRAN-SOLVENT" Acts Uko a Mild Eloctrlc Current, impart-
ing: vim and snap to the entire body. No vile, stimulating drugs to ruin the
Btomach and digestive system, but a direct and positive application to the
Entire Urethral Tract. Reducing Enlarged Prostate Gland and Strewrtheniw?
the Ducts, forever- Stopping Drains.
Write To-Day. Do Not Delay, ffl'in \ i M , , j „' '¦ < i-y—j^'ia
«ri^^^i«^ie! T JS5aVff5^^ 1 fREE TR£ATI e-cou*o*. 1
1^ I ST. JAMES MEDICAL ASSOCIATION, I
**»• 'fit. James Medical Assn.. 250 Bu Jzmtu El 230 St. Jamex Bldff., CIXCIN- B
iil&g.. Cincinnati. O.. and they will send their B JVATI. O. M
Illustrated Treatise, showing H m _.• - ,,. M
the i/artE of the. male system H M _ _ M f leaB « e *" d . me a c01 ?y of V 0 }"" i llus " H
involved In ur.-thral ailments B"' Y* F* F* B 1^,^ nV£&' 8ecU , re J£ T 8ea j, ed - P^ E - H
•eeurely sealed, prepaid, * t WW H. PAID. FREE of all CHARGES. pj
HOME TREATMENT. 1 * ame 1
By znatl can be used by the Patient B . a
a* •uece*Kfull>' tin by ourselren. 13 Address " ————————— H
We Ilnve CL"ItI2D MEX In livery City B P
in the l\ S. und Almost Every M p
ST. JAMEs'mEDICAL-ASSN., '^LJSJgJ". CINCINNATI, 0..NEW YORK,- June 14. — FLOUR — Receipts,
8240 barrels.' Inactive and a shade easier, with
grain ; ' winteu patents, " $4@4 10 ;' winter
straights, $3 75@3 85; Minnesota' patents, $3 00
@4; winter extras, $3 10® 3 35; Minnesota bak-
The week closed on a very, dull market and
there was a considerable "quantity 'left on hand
at the close of business. ," Only 2 cars of East
ern were offered during the week, but the re-
Poultry and Game
New York Grain and Produce.
There was nothing new on thai Stock Ex
changes, business being almost at a standstill.
The Stock "and Bond Exchange will adjourn
from Saturday, the 28th, till Saturday, Jvity {$.
over the Fourth.
Four Oil will pay a dividend of lc, or $3000,
to-morrow. ¦ .
San Joaquln Oil will pay a dividend of Sou
or $5000, on the 25th.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week we*«
31,615 shares, valued at $14,872. the leadlna
sales being aa follows: Aztec, 1000 shares [
Home 925; Lion. 2250; Occidental, 3000; Pe
troleum Center, 15,800; Sovereign, 2300; Ster
ling, 2650. " /•¦>
The Company of Associated Stock Brokers of
the San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
will hold a special meeting to-morrow to con
sider a proposition to sell the Exchange, prop
erty on Pine street. . '
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. I
Common stock, $23 75@24 25; preferred.
$63 62%@64 25; bonds. $91 60 bid; subscrip
tions, $102 12%®102 60.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY. June 14— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld-Aafc.
4s ar coup. .110%lll | Is «jr cp(new)133%138ft
4a qr reg 109%110 Ss qr coup... 107 1OT&
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 01 Va — Oak W G 68.103% —
Bay CPC 5s.lO8% — Oceanic S 6s. 97%100
C C G&E Es.105%106% Omnibus 6s. 127% —
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pac O Im 4s 98% —
C Costa 5s.. — 111k Pk & C H 6s.l07%110
Ed L& P 6a. — — Pk & O R6s. — 125
Fer&C H 6a. — 123 Pwl-st R 6a. — — .
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sao EGR 5s. 90 —
H C&9-5%s.l02 — SF & SJV5s. 122^1122^
Do 5s — — Sierra Cal 6s — 118
L Ans R 6a.ll8T4119% S P of A 6a
L. A L Co 6s.lO3% — \<1909) 113H1U
Do Jrtd 6s. — — (1910) 114*Ji —
Do gtd Ss.104 — S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s.lO3% — (1905)Sr A.105%106%
Do lem 53.10C — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 123% (1906) .... -r —
Do lem 6S.120 120% (1912) — 121
N R of C 6s. — 113 S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121% — c gntd 6».. — —
N Pac C 63.110>h — Do Btmpd.109% —
NCR 5s...ll2Vi — £P BrCaies.140- 141
N S R R 5a.lOO% — S V Wat 6s.lll —
Oak Gas 6s. — 113% Do 4s 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn 6S..125 — Do 4s 3dm. 101 102
Do 1st c5s.H3%115 Stkn G&E 6sl00'iil01%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 76 |Port Costa. . 63% 68
Marln Co 50 — ;Spring Val.. 80Vi 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — 'jPacLCo 43 60
Eqt G L C. 3 S%|Sac B G&R. 58% —
Mutual 4% 5 ISFG&E..44 44 «
O G L & H. — 63 ' 8 F G L Co. 5% 5%
Pac O Imp.. S7% 40 I Stkn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 f-^
Am B & T..112% — First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 9O'/i L P & A....16S%1TO
Bank of Ca*438 445 ,Mer Ex (liq) 28 —
Cal Safe Dp.l22*£ — 'S F Natlonl.l4Q —
Continued on Page TWrty-Nliifl.
Chicago was quiet, with light support, and
any selling pressure there would cause a de
cline. Toward the close the market steadied,
and early sellers turned buyers. The Chicago
letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. -said: .
"Market was a little easier. It being Sat
urday, there was some scattered profit taking,
but in the main with moderate stocks and a
dull outside trade, local packers control the sit
uation. Receipts of Hogs, 46,000, against 45,
000 last year. There Is fair demand for meats.
The demand for Lard Is poor."
An advance of %c In Hams and Bacon In this
market will probably go Into effect to-morrow,
as several local houses have already had their
price lists printed. This will put Hams up to
15c and Bacon up to 13%c for heavy and loo
for light. Lard may also be advanced, though
there was some Uncertainty about the latter
y MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy 13%c for light medium. 14%c Mr light,
15>Ac tor extra light and 16@17o for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@14: Mess Beef. $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50@U; Family. $11 60©12
orime Mess Pork. $16@15 60; extra clear. $23;
Mess, $1S5O@19; Dry Salt Pork. 12%c; Pig
Pork! $25; Pigs', Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
1I5U.IS14C per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tlna. 13^4c; 6-lb tins. 13%u;
a-lb Uni, 13%c. . . . - i ¦.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces. 10 %p; five tierces. 10% c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Wool continue steady and In good
demand. Hops rule firm, at the advance noted
several days ago. A dispatch from Salem, Or.
states tnat the banner Hop contract of the sea
sou was filed on the 9th lnst., 40,000 pounds
new crop being sold at 13%c, or %o over the
highest previous record of 1902. . In general,
12V.C is the average price.
• HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1%° under quotations. Heavy, salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf.
10c- Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls. 14@16c; Dry
Kip*. ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and
' Brands, 15@10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20©
30c each; short wool. 40<3«0e each; medium.
«5®75c; long Wool. S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50®2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and" 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, **2%c: dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central Aiherican, 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c. . ' :
TALLOW — No. 1. rendered. 5%@Cc per lb;
No. 2, 4 %@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
¦ "WOOL — Spring, : Humboldt - and Mendoclno,
15@17c; Northern * free, 14@lGc: do.- defective.
1?.@14; Middle County free.. 13® 15; • do. de
fective. >12ffil3c: Southern. 12 months. SKdlOe:
do. 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da. 12@15c; Valley Oregon, fine, 15<3>16c; do.
Provisions.
LFVERFOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% 0 1%.
Closing 6 10% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 90 20 00
Closing 22 70 20 90
Flour —
Opening 23 60 27 45
Closing 28 50 27 40
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 14. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1300; nominal. Good to prime 6teers, $7 30®
7 00; poor to medium, $5@7 65; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@5 25: cows, $1 50@7 35; canners,
$1 40@2 40; bulls, ?2 75@5 CO; calves, $2 50®
5 00; Texas fed steers, $4@6 70.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 16,000; Monday,
40,000; left over, 5532. Opened steady, closed 5
@10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $7 10@7 55;
good to choice heavy, $7 60@7 65; rough heavy,
$7 20@7 40; light, $7@7 30; bulk of sales, $7 26
<gT 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $5@5 50; fair
to choice mixed, $4@5; Western sheep, $4 75@
5 50; native lambs, clipped, $5 50@6 90; West
ern lambs, $5 50@6 90: spring lambs, $7 50.
ST. JOSEPH,
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 14. — CATTLE—
Steady; natives, $3 50@7 20; cows. $2 50@fl;
veals, $2 50@3 50; stockers and feeders. $2 40
@5 25. ¦ '
HOGS— Receipts 5200; steady; light and
light mixed, $7 20@7 45; medium and heavy.
$7 25®7 62%V pigs, $4@6 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, none.
Extorts and inporis.
NEW YORK, June 14. — Exports of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
aggregated $341,503 silver and $1*4,300 gold.
The Imports of specie this week were $80,815
gold and .$128,072 silver. The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at- the port, of New
York for this week _ were valued at $9,754,303.
New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 14. — Tin was quiet and
unchanged,, with spot quoted at $30@30 60; cop
per; moderately active in a jobbing , way, with
i standard, spot to August, quoted at $11 70@12
1 lake, $12 25@12 60; electrolytic, $12 12%@
12 27%, and casting, $12 22%®>12 25.
Lead held steady at $4 12% and spelter was
dull and nominal, at $4 87%.
Iron was quiet 'and without change.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 14. — The cotton market
opened quiet, with prices 2@4 points lower;
closed S@12 points ; higher.
i London Market.
. NEW YORK, June 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram from London
says: Stocks were idle all round' to-day. Con
sols reacted to 90 13-16. The American depart-"
ment- was comparatively prominent, . reflecting
New York' 3 rally. The undertone was more
optimistic. Chicago, Milwaukee and St Louis
and Illinois Central were the chief favorites,
but several stocks at • the close - were below
parity. There was no .change in the money
situation and silver was featureless.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON*, June 14. — Consols, 96%@96%; sil
ver. 24d; French rentes, 102f 12%ci wheat car
goes on passage, quiet, but steady; No. 1 stan
dard California, 29s 6d.
LIVERPOOL, June 14.— Wheat, steady; No
1' standard California, 0s 3%d@6s 4d; wheat iii
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; weather in
England, rain. . ' \ ¦¦ .
i COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-82d.
Condition of the Treasury..
WASHINGTON. June 14. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows :
- On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butte;
Market was steady. Creamery, 18@21o. Dairy
17%@19c. Cheese, steady, 10%c. Eggs, weak
fresh, 15c. .
Exchange and Bullion. (
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — %k 86 ,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88% j
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. .... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, 1. per ounce — .52 f
Mexican Dollars, nominal '. — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT — Continues Inactive and. without
feature all over the world. At Chicago yerter
day heavy selling by the Southwest weakened i
the market, . and the longs becoming tired
threw considerable of their holdings on the
market, j The Chicago letter of Bolton, De
Ruyter & Co. said:'
"Market Is very quiet and easier. Showery
conditons still prevail throughout the West;
but clear weather was predicted in Kansas
and Oklahoma for the next twenty-four hours.
Outside trade is email and the whole tone of
the market '• wa3 sluggish and indifferent.
Northwest stocks show less decrease than last
week and a moderate decrease .in the visible
is exDected Monday."
This market was dull, weai and fractionally
lower on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 10@l 11%; milling,
$1 16@1 17% per ctl..
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— '
2000 ctls, $1 11.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
BARLEY — New Feed, spot, sold yesterday j
at 93%c for No. 1 and a sale of 90c, seller 4,
wes also reported. Thus it will be seen that I
the firmness is merely temporary and confined '
to the Immediate spot, owing to the limited ,
offerings, futures, even .very near ones, being
weak. For old, previous prices were asked,
but of course any decline in new will carry
old down with it. There is nothing doing on
call.
New Feed, 90@93%c; old Feed, 92%®95c for
No. 1 and 90@91%o for off grades; brewing,
95@97%c; Chevalier $1 20 asked for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES.
: Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. t . ¦ '
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— The market is rapidly getting de
moralized. Sales of new red were reported
yesterday within the range of $1 13%@1 18%.
and as these Oats will be delivered very shortly
the quotations for old crop below must be
considered almost wholly nominal. There are
no arrivals of the new crop as yet, but there \
will be In a very few days now. Of course, i
when new are available within a few days at j
the quotations above, nobody is going to buy !
many old at the quotations below. ; The Chi- j
cago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. says: j
"Market is quiet and fairly steady. There is :
perhaps some increase in outside buying orders I
Induced by excessive rains throughout the I
I West. This does not yet, however, amount to I
an important feature. There is no question, j
I however, but that many thousand acres of 1
I Oats are now standing in water and many !
I acres are badly lodged. Cash No. 3 White
Oats In demand around . 47c and September
I Oats under Sic look cheap to us."
Grays, $1 30@l 35; Whites, $1 25@1 40; Mill
ing, $1 35@1 40; Black, $1 15@l"30; Red, $1 25
@1 35.
CORN — Chicago continues very dull. Reports
from there say that the Corn \ belt is getting 1
more rain than It needs. The Chicago letter ;
of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. says: | {
"Market extremely dull and steady.- While )
there are no great country offerings in any di
rection, yet the aggregate primary receipts are
making something, of a bearish feature as ;
! cgalnst the light recelptsof a' year ago. Local
i congested condition and excessive rains through
the Corn belt are preventing much speculative
selling pressure at the moment." . '
This market continues quiet and unchanged.
Large Yellow, 51 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 50@l 52%; White, $1 55@1 60.
RYE— Dull at 85@87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 500
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75<g3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $30
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices ' In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra I
bream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4® ,
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 60@4 75; Cracked i
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour ?•'{ 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
«acks $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings continue steady at pre
vious prices. Hay shows little change. Re
ceipts of new are steadily increasing, but
prices "show no particular weakness. Quota
tions for 'Alfalfa are almost wholly nominal,
as there is hardly any here, either new or old.
Straw is lower and weak at the decline.
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; job
bing $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn
Meal' $31(032; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 60;
Mixed Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat
S8«9 60; "• Volunteer Wild Oats, $6 50@S; Al
•alfa ?6 60@7 50; Old Is quotable as follows:
Extra fine . Wheat, $12; " fair to choice
do $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50;
Oat $S@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9-
Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock. $6@S per ton.
STRAW — 40@50o per bale.
Beans an^Seeds. ¦ .
k Beans continue quiet, steady and without
feature. The County Assessor of Ventura
County estimates the yield of Beans at about
350,000 bags; or about three-fifths of last
year's crop.
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3- 10; small White, $2 40
©2 50; large White, $2 40<@2 45: . Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$5©5 10; LlmaS, $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys,
$3 E0@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25<§3 50; Flax, $2 25®2 50; Cana
ry 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, .10%@
llUc; California, 10@10%c; Rape, l%©2y 1 c;
Hemp, 3%c per lb. ¦
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
4J1 C5; Blackeye, $1 75@2. ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes were too large for
the' market to absorb and as there was but
little shipping, prices for Early Rose and Eur
banks declined again. One small lot of choice
Burbanks sold at $2 12%. Garnet Chiles alone
were steady at sustained prices. . Old Potatoes
j continued dull and unchanged.
The demand for new red Onions is Improv
ing, but the heavy receipts keep prices down."
Asparagus, Rhubarb and Peas were flimer
at slightly improved prices, while Cucumbers
and Summer SquashT were easier under heavy
receipts. Tomatoes were weaker under heavy
supplies. Los Angeles were offering freely at
lower prices, but sold slowly, the Mississippi
being preferred, ( although held at higher flg
' ures. A few boxes from Winters sold for $1 75
; @2 per box." String Beans showed another de
cline under heavier receipts. Wax were in de
mand for shipping and held up well.
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 00c@$l In
boxes and 75@90c In sackt>; Burbanks, 90c@
" $1 75 In boxes and 75c@*l 25 In sks. Garnet
• Chiles, ?1 10@l 20; old Burbanks, 85c@$l 25;
1 Sweets, $2 60 for Merced. • ¦ ¦
ONIONS — Australian, $2@2 25, second
.' hands; Silversklns, $1 25; new red, 60®65c per
i -VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 10@25c per
1 dozen; Asparagus. $1©2 25 per, box; Rhubarb,
75c@$l 25 per box; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb;
r String . Beans, 1%@2%c per lb and 2@3cfor
r Wax; Refugee Beans, 3c per lb; Cabbage, 90c
@S1 per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 85c@$l 50
per box or crate; Mississippi Tomatoes, $1 25®
1 75 per crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per
sack; Cucumbers from . Marysville, 50@90c per
. box; from Arizona, $1 per box; Bay, $1 75®
2 25 'per large box; Hothouse do, 25@50c per
" dozen; Garlic, 2@3c for new; Los Angeles
" Green Peppers, 10@12%c; Stockton do, ;
Mexican do, 10@15c;,Egg Plant from Los An
; celes, . 8@10c; Summer Squash, 50@60c for
, small boxes and $1 50 for large; H Marrowfat
Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15
f'220. 'I ' . : ¦ ¦ ¦
Articles — . - . . Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour, barrels..... ......... 14,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels... 28.000 " 26,000
Corn, bushels... 339,000 174,000
Oats, bushels.. 232,000' 102,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 81,000
Barley, bushels.. :.... 7,000 10.000
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the last week
«-ere $25,182,190. against $22,760,322 during the
eame week last year^
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report cf G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended June 9,
is aa follows:
•The first four e>ys of the week were unu
sually cool for the season, with heavy showers,
and hall in come localities. Frost occurred on
the 6th, which was heavy In some parts of the
eastern section, and Injured tender vegetables,
such as potatoes, peas and tomatoes. The last
three cays were sunny and moderately warm.
They were very favorable for the growth of all
crop*, particularly benefiting backward vege
tables and ripening Etrawberries.
"The staple croj>s of the State are reported
to be in very good condition. Both fall and
spring: wheat have a good color and
stand, and In some places wheat has made a
rank growth. Clover, timothy and red top are
headed, end the prospect Is fine for a good hay
yield. Potatoes are apparently doing excep
tionally well this Eeason. Hops now require
Frr&ying on account of lice having appeared.
Sugar beets are being weeded in Spokane Coun
tv. Peaches in the Yakima country are now
being thinned. Fruit has continued dropping
in the -western section and it is v\ry evident
that the general fruit crop will be light.
Government Fruit Report.
From the Crop Bulletin. United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, Washington, D. C,
week ended June 2.
Frosts of May 29 rrobably injured fruit In
the northern portion of the Middle Atlantic
States. The reports in general respecting fruit
are not favorable.
New England — Fruit generally setting well.
New York — Apples and pears more promising,
but peaches killed; grapes in good condition.
New Jersey — Melons badly cut and injury to
tree fruits feared in north portion where ice
formed. „ .
Pennsylvania — Frost very damaging to fruits.
Marvland and Delaware — Apples short;
peaches good in east, light in west; strawberries
yielding moderately.
Virginia— Fruit still dropping.
South Carolina — Fruit dropping; peaches
ripening. ,
Georgia — Peaches continue dropping, consid
erable loss anticipated; early varieties mar-
Florida — Rains have benefited citrus fruits
and pineapples.
Alabama — Peaches being marketed, condition
good.
Louisiana — Fruit outlook favorable.
Kentucky — Fruit doing fairly well.
Missouri — Apple* dropping.
Illinois — Fruit uneven; prospects not gener
ally favorable; apples dropping in places.
West Virginia — Cold causing apples and
peaches to drop considerably.
Ohio — Light to killing frost; fruit prospect
un improved.
Wisconsin — Fruit prospects good.
Idaho — Fine pro?r^ct for apples, pears,
prunes and strav.bcrries.
Nevada — Fruit prospects good.
Oregon — Cherries, prunes, pears and early
apples fair; other fruits good.
¦
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. June 14—6 p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope
except partly cloudy over Washington and
Northern Idaho.
Tt» pressure has risen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. Over Utah the rlee
has been nearly half an Inch.
The temperature has risen generally over the
Pacific Elope. In California It is about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endin* rr.linirht, June 15. 1902:
Northern California/ — Fair, warmer Sunday;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California/ — Fair Sunday, except
clou&jr along the coast In the morning; fresh
west wind.
Nevada, — Fair and warmer Sunday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Sunday: brisk west wind In the afternoon.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily In Charge.
FEUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hourt ending 8 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco. June 14,
19C2i
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. .
Riverside — Morning foggy. Alfalfa, walnuts,
anx)wing well.
HoMister — nas-lejr doing well; medium crop.
Wh< at crop ltgtit.
Kapa — Pears, apples, fair crop.
Santa Maria — Mustard slow; crop light.
Beer.? <".oir ; sr vd!.
Colusa — Grain turning: out nicely. Fruit In
Cash quotations were aa follows: No. 3
spring wheat, 67@72%; No. 2 red. 79Vi@79%c;
No. 2 oats, 43@43%c; No. 2 white, 47%c; No.
:$ white, 46%@47%c; No. 2 rye, 60c; fair to
choice malting barley, 66@70c; No. 1 flax seed,
fi56; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70; prime tim
othy seed, $6 15; mess pork, per barrel, $17 65
©17 70; lard, per. 100 pounds, $10 20; short
ribs Bides (loose), $10 35@10 45; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 8%@S%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $10 75@10 85; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, $S 35:
NEW YORK. June 14.— Very little import
ance can be attached to to-day's dealings in
stocks. Prices were well held, but this was
not because there was any general demand,
but rather because there were no offerings.
Outside of Missouri Pacific and St. Paul the
dealings were hardly more than nominal. The&e
two stocks were lifted a point after the appear
ance of the bank statement, but neither closed
at the best. The closing was fairly steady,
jowever, but very dull. Tne bank statement
was considered favorable and helped the mar
ket. The buying of Missouri Pacific and of
St. Paul was of the same character as dur
ing the week and is attributed to the opera
tions" of speculative pools. The coalers were
neglected, owing to the lack of corroboratlon of
yesterday' s rumors of measures taking which
would end the strike. The rise of a point in
Norfolk and Western was based upon the re
ports that the strike of the soft coal miners in
the Virginias had been broken. There was
nothing in the day's crop news to stimulate
speculation. The trading was pertunctoiy
tnroughout. The favorable reports of mer
cantile agencies, which showed the anthracite
strike to be the only cloud on the industrial
horizon and a showing of railroad earnings for
the first week in June which are larger by
r over O per cent than those- of the eame period
last .year, were inlluences toward conserving
the firm undertone of stocks.
There has been a slignt revival in the stock
market this, week, but it . .was not husbanded
and the market has shown a disposition to re-
Juj.fce into lethargy and to await clearing up
of some of the elements of uncertainty in the
situation. Tne midweek Increase in activity
was due largely to a personal element and was
attributed to the operations of the leader of
the Bo-called Western party, which has domi
nated all the recent speculative movements in
the stock market and has been largely Influen
tial as well in the cirn market. Tne return of
this leader to the Wall street district was fol
lowed by large dealings in some of the granger
roads and in some of the Southern railroads.
This leadership induced some professional fol
lowing, but the inertness of the outside public
discouraged the campaign and it was discon
tinued to all appearances. The developments
during the week have been such as to dis
couiage speculative activity, but have con
firmed the general confidence that is felt in
the general soundness of the business and in
dustrial situation. The continuance of the labor
trouble in the anthracite regions has kept at
tention focused on this phase of the industrial
situation. The differences between miners and
operators have defined themselves as appar
ently irreconcilable and the conviction is gen
eral that the struggle must settle down into
a test of endurance. A posible spread by sym
pathy into ¦ the soft coal regions has been the
further development upon which conjecture
rests. Another question yet to be answered,
which hangs over the situation, is the ultimate
effect upon the financial situation of the peace
in South Africa. The Stock Exchange settle
ment in London this week ' has revealed an
over-bought condition of securities, especially
of Kaffir mining stocks and the weakness of
many of the holders has necessitated realiz
ing and has kept prices in London on the down
ward grade. Not much revival Is expected in
England before the coronation festivities are
finished. A long period of liquidation in Europe
has ehaken securities down to a substantial
basis which may prove attractive to capital.
The present condition In this country is one of
expansion, if not of inflation. ' but the field for
new development in this country is clearly out
of all proportion yet to that of the older coun
try. Even decreaee in acreage of spring wheat,
which brings down the estimates for the total
crop, in spite of the high condition of spring
wheat The great importance of the corn crop
has thereby increased. Some anxiety has also
been felt over the cotton crop's need of rain.
Railroad earnings have been well maintained
at a level above last year, and the Industrial
situation has continued prosperous and es
pecially 6O in iron and steel, in which the
demand has continued to extend Into next
year's period. The increase in dividends on
Chicago and Northwestern and Chicago. St.
Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha stocks is regard
ed as Important evidences of prosperous . rail
road conditions.
There has been a dull and narrow market for
bonds. United States bonds are slightly lower
than last week's close. . ¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 4,800 Slvi 81% 81%
Atchison pfd .. 5,700 100*4 99% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio ..... 100
Bait &. Ohio pfd 95
Canadian Pacific... 1,200 135% 135% 135%
Canada Southern 95
Chesapeake & Ohio 500 47 % 46% 47%
Chicago & Alton.. . 400 87% 37% 37%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 100 76% 76% 76%
Chi. Ind &' Louis.. 74~it
Chi. Ind & L ptd.. '85%
Chicago & Eaat 111 100 174 174 173
Chic & Great West 2,500 29% 29»i 29%
Chi&GWApM.. 80U
Chi & G W B pfd. 200 48% 48% 48ft
Chi & Northwest.. 800 254% 253 254%
Chi, R I & Pac.... 100 172% 172% ]72%
Chicago Ter & Tr 100 21% 21% -21%
Chi Term &. Tr pfd 100 39 Vi 39 V4 87
C C C & St Louis.. 100 104% 104% 104%
Colo Southern 100 31% 31% - 31%
Colo South 1st pfd. 100^ 71 71 7f'
Colo South 2d pfd.. 600 44 % 44 44
Dela & Hudson •". 174%
Dela, Lacka & West 280
Denver & R G.... 100 42% 42^4 42%
Denver & R G pfd 300 92y* 92 S>2U
Erie 1,200 37% 37% 37%
Erie let pfd 400 68% 68% C8%
Erie 2d pfd "..... . 52%
Great North pfd 185%
Hocking Valley 85V4
Hocking Valley pfd 02%
Illinois Central.... 2,800 153%' 153 152%
Iowa Central 4t%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 85%. 85% 85
K C Southern 600 34% 34% 84%
K C Southern pfd 100 62 62 01%
It E & Western - «5%
L E & Western pfd ..... 125
Louisville & Nash. 800 138 137% 137#
Manhattan L S00 131% 131 131%
Metropolitan St Ry 200 150% 150% 150%
Mexican Central... 4,9.00 28% 28 28%
Mexican National.. 900 1ft 19 19
Minneapolis & St L 100 113 113 112%
Missouri Pacific... 38,500 .105% 104% 105V4
Mo, Kan & Tex 800 26% 20% 28%
Mo, Kan & Tex pfd 900 58% CSVi 5£$i
New Jersey Central ' 188
New York Central. 1,000 150% 155% lne'/t
Norfolk & Western 1,700 58 57 57
Norfolk & West pfd . " 90
Ontario & Western. 500 33% 33 % -33%
Pennsylvania :....; 2,300 150% 150% 150%
Reading .......... 10,100 05V4 C3% C5
Heading Ut pfd... 300 84% 84% S4%
Heading 2dpi"d 1.200 69% «)% 69%
K L & San Fran.. 700 63 09 C8%
S L fie S F 1st pfd 83
S L & S F 2d pfd.. 300 73% 73^1 73
Kt t^.hIk Southwest 400 28^ 2S-% 28%
New York Stock Market.
medium and coarse, ll@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12®12 %o for fair and 13@14o per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c
San Francisco Meat Market.
The week closed on a quiet and featureI«M
market, with Hogs In light receipt and firsa.
and Beef and Mutton easy.
DRESSED MEAT3.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to d*«i
ers are aa follows:"
BEEF — 6^>@7Vtc for Steers and 6%@8o pOT
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©8%c; Ewes. 78*j
per lb. V
LAMB — Spring Lambs,' 9@10c per IB.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
;. •» LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa M
per cent shrlnkagf for cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers, 8%@!>c; Cows and Heiieri,
7@7%c; tMii Cows. 4&5c per lb.
CALVES— 5@5%o per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%®4c;. Ewes. 3fc®3£o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings,
3V*&4c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lba and under, 6%o:
200 lbs and over, 6©6%c; feeders. 6&
UV4c; sows, 20 ser cent otf, ooars 50 per cent
ctX and stags 4U per cent oft from the abov*
quotations. ¦. r -^yr
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June' and July. 3T»36c;
San Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%SSc.
COAL— W eilington, $8 per ton; Soutafleld
Wellington, $8; Seattle. $6«0: Bryant. Ja 60;
Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay. *5 50; Greta, M:
Wallsend, $8 60; Co-coerative Wallsend, $3 60;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ; "Welsh. An
thracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 60
per ton. according to brand.
OIL.— California Castor Oil. In oases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
7Sc; raw. 76c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw, In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut 57&S»58c per gallon; pure Neata
toot, ra barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases, 47 %c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels. 63V«c for Ceylon and
5S>ViC for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OIL In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c:
in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk, 14^c; la
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; la
cases, 26%c. < :. •'". -..¦¦¦<
TURPENTINE^ — 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drama and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western- Susar Reflnin< Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, la 100-lla
bags : Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c:
barrels, lOo more; half-barrels. 25o more;
boxes, 60c more; 60-lb bags 10c more for alt
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.73c; boxes, 5a
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JUNB 14.
Flour, qr sks .. 10,989|Bran. sks .... T05
Wheat, ctls ... 85,810 Feed, sks 160
Barley, ctls ... 8,440 'Shorts, ska .... T
Oats ctls 1,360 1 Tallow, ska ..». 225
Corn, ctls 270: Pelts, bdls .... m
Bean3. sks .... 14;Hides, No. .... TM
i Potatoes, sks .. 2.727 'Sugar, ctls .... 2,609
Onions, sks ... 667 i Quicksilver, flka. 10O
Wool bales ... 403 Leather, rolls .. 181
Hay. tons .... 60S Wine, gals .. M 87.500
Middlings, sks.. 61 Lime, bbla .._ 884
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 8,664 Potatoes, ska... l.Mfl
Oats, ctla 380
good condition and ripening rapidly.
Portervllle— Valencia late oranges being
shipped in car load lots.
¦ Hanford — Peaches large, but not very large
crop. Apricots ripening rapidly. Grain good.
Palermo — Apricots ripening; drying will be
gin next week.
Willows — Barley turning out 30 to 40 bushels
per acre.
San Jose — Fruit crop doing nicely; grain crop
ripening very fast.
Newman — Wheat harvesting will ' commence
next week. Weather favorable.
Livermore — Wheat harvesting will begin In
about two weeks. Scarcity of labor.
Cloverdale* — Hay cutting almost over; baling
to begin Monday.
Santa Rosa — Local canneries running on
cherries; berries coming Into the market. •
G. H. WILLSON,
. Local Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, June 14. — Late selling developed
the only activity that the wheat pit experienced
to-day. At the outset cables were lower. Indi
cating better weather In France and England.
The Southwest Bold liberally In spite of the
fact that the country still had a soggy blanket
spread over it and more rains were falling.
Commission houses took- a little stuff on the
score that not since the Letter deal have there
been such clear indications that stocks of old
wheat are practically exhausted. A belief then
seemed to take hold of the crowd that fine
weather was at hand. Private telegrams
buoyed bears up to this opinion' and when the
leading elevator interest began selling very
freely the crowd was sure a reaction was set
ting in. All this ' while the pit was very dull.
As the selling progressed a gradual decline
ensued and July, which had opened unchanged
to V&c lower at 72%@72%c, slumped to a weak
close, %@%c lower, at 71%@71%c.
Corn was exceedingly dull, even for Satur
day. In spite of the lifeless nature of the pit,
however, corn held very firm. July closed
strong, %@V4c up, at 63%c.
Oats were steady early, but trade was slow.
July closed easy, %c lower, at 39%c.
Provisions were so dull that the market was
featureless but weak. All July products closed
7%c lower. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain and Produce.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c;
No 2, 6<S?c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c* Almohds, 10%@12c lor papershell, 9@10o
for softsrfell and 6®7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5«s7e for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
S3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber: water white extracted. b'is
5%c: lisrht amber extracted, 4@4)£c; dark, "4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c Der lb/
PRUNES — 1901 croo are quoted as follows.
30-40s eHSeSic; 40-50s, 5®5%c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%ic; 60-703, 4@4%c: 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-80&,
•j&;{%c; 90-lOOs, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
5Vic fcr seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
The president of the Fullerton Walnut As
sociation says there will be a shortage in, the
Walnut crop In Fullerton and Rivera, the two
leading Walnut sections of Southern California,
of at least 25 per cent. Leading producers say
they are going to hold out for 12 cents per
pound for the entire output this season.
FRUITS — Apricots, tt@H>c for Royals and 10
®13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Kvapo
rat»d Apples, 10@llV6c; sun dried, 6@7o;
Peaches, uyi@S!4c; Pears, 6®9c; Plums, pitted,
5&tiMtc; unpitted, l ] /a@2ttc; Nectarines. 5Vi®tic
for red and 6Va@6c for white; figs. 3&4piftc
for black and 5ft@6c for white.
The fruit outlook almost everywhere except
In California seems to be steadily growing
more unfavorable.^ The Government report
appears in the first column. Prune crop reports
are now coining In from the different sources
and indicate very moderate yields In Oregon
and Washington, and about one-third of an
average crop in France, where cold rains, high,
winds, frosts and a backward spring have cut
down the yield considerably. The California
Fruit Grower estimates the Santa Clara Val
ley Prune crop at from 60,000,000* to 85,000,000
lbs, according to different localities, which la
considerably below the average and far below
a full yield. As for the other fruits, never
before in the history of the trade in this State
have the primary markets been so closely
cleaned up as .this year. The yields of Honey
and Walnuts are also shorter, than expected.
Reports from San Diego County state that the
outlook for the Honey crop i3 very poor, ow
ing to unfavorable weather.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
celpt3 of Callfornian were very large and deal
ers look for a weaker market during the en
tulng. week. The appearing quotations were
generally obtained when sales were made.
Game remains aa before' quoted.
- POULTRY— Live Turkeys 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25: Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks. $3 f>0@4 for
old and $4 50@6 for youns: ,-Hens. $4@5 50;
young Roosters,, $6@7 50; old \Roosters, $4@5;
Fryers. $4@5 50; Broilers, ?3@4 for large 'and
$2@2 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 75 per dozen
for . old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs. \
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and SI for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
Butter Is no lower, but the market Is heav
ily stocked and weak, and close buyers get
concessions from"* sellers without much diffi
culty. Cheese stands aa before. Eggs are also
weak, and sales at' 21c are the exception and
by no means the rule. There are plenty of
Eggs on the market, and dealers are selling,
even, if concessions are necessary to make the
sales.
Receipts were 6S.400 pounds, 105 cubes and
20 kegs of Butter. 1232 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 8600 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 10,500 pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 21@21^4c per pound for
fancy, 20%c for first3 and 20c for .seconds;
dairy, 17@20&c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal: Young
America, 10@10Vic: Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 20c, with occasionally 21c for
:fancy and 17V3®19c for fair to good; store,
16%@17%c per dozen; Eastern, lS@19c for
firsts and 17@17%c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. '
Choice Strawberries met ; with prompt sale
at full figures, but there was some poor stock
sold below quotations. Raspberries and Black
berries were In good condition and sold at bet
ter prices. Logans and Gooseberries were dull
at the quotations. Currants were In free sup
ply and the large offerings of poor stock weak
ened the market. The cannen secured some
at $2 25 per chest.
The demand for Cherries was brisk, but aa
offerings were large dealers were satisfied to
clean up at previous prices. The canners
bought heavily at prices within the quoted
range.
A crate of Thompson. Seedless Grapes came
In from Indlo and sold for ?5. This is the
first year of late In which California grown
Grapes were received in the market before the
Arizona product. Two crates of Nutmeg Mel
ons came in from Indio, but were received too
late to be sold. Nutmegs from Arizona sold
slowly at the quotations, but Figs met with
prompt sale.
Deciduous fruits were in liberal supply and
there was a steady Inquiry for shipping stock
\ for the Northern steamer, out to-day. Only
ripe offerings brought the top quotations. Cit
j rus fruits showed no change worthy of note,
j It is pretty early yet to talk about the price
of Grapes, but it is reported that Sonoma
: growers have refused bids of $20@22 per ton.
The Government fruit report will be seen In
the first column. It shows the condition of
fruit In the United States to be unfavorable
on the whole. .
STRAWBERRIES— $8@12 for Longwortha
and $3 50® 5 50 for Malindas; crates from
Florin, 90c@$l.
RASPBERRIES— $8@10 per chest; crates
from Loomis, 90c@$l.
LOGANBERRIES— $4@6 per chest; crates,
$125.
BLACKBERRIES — 35@50c per drawer; in
crates from Loomis, $1@1 25.
GOOSEBERRIES— $2 50@3 per chest; in
bulk, l@l^c for common and 2@3c for Oregon
Improved; English, 6c per lb.
CURRANTS— $2 25® 4 50 per chest/
PLUMS — Clyman, 50fg60c per box and 75c@
! $1 per crate; Cherry Plums, 35@5Oc per drawer
i and 65@75c in boxes.
j APRICOTS— 40@75c. per box and 75c@$l 25
! per crate; in baskets from the river, 50@65c.
j APPLES — Green, 35@60c per box and 25®
35p per basket; large boxes. 90c@$l 25.
PEARS — Madeline. 35@50c for small boxes:
1 baskets, 15@30c.
I PEACHES — 75c@$l per box.
I CHERRIES — White. 25@40c per box; In bulk,
j 2@3Vjc; Black, 25@50c per box- and 2@4c in
I bulk; cartons from San Jose, 75c; Royal Annes
I 50@75c per box and 5@7c in bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, $2 per box; from
Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1@2 per
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $234, ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 5OC0
2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25@3; St.
I Michaels, $1&2; Valencias. *2 50@4; Lemons,
$1 25@>1 50 for common, $1 75@2 25 for good to
choice and $3®3 50 for fancy; Grace Fruit,
i $2 50@3 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas.
$1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25
@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen.
Bran and Middlings steady. Hay about as before.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Butter, Oteese and Eggs still plentiful and weak.
Government reports show more unfavorable Fruit outlook.
Bad weather cuts down the Prune crop in France.
Hops, Hides and Wool firm and selling well.
Hams, Bacon and Lard expected to advance i~2c to-morrow.
Hogs in light receipt and firm. Beef and Mutton easy.
New Potatoes and Onions continue to arrive heavily.
Poultry dull, with some stock carried over.
Good northern demand for California Fruit.
Local batik clearings continue to lead last year.
Silver and Exchange unchanged. -
Local stocks and bonds very dull.
Wheat and Barley quiet and the latter unsettled and weaker.
New Oais selling at a sharp decline.
Corn and Rye dull and more or less weak.
«? n Southwest pfd 100 C2*£ 62U 62
St Paul IB Knn itoi? ITOil 1TQ
St Paul nfA lO.^HIU Il3*4 Il3% lid
fco,rth« p 4* • ;» — ioo 191 % loi yj 190 Vj
southern Pacific...- 1.700 .-65»4 - 05& 65&
WRhL ° Pfd " 200 88 *i 88 87$
™&>i.£%£'. i:: ;'«? ik " ji« E?«
Wisconsin' Cen pfd '.'.'.'.'. '.'"' 49%
Express Companies—
Adams ;. ... 107
American .;....•. ¦¦ "" 1% ¦
United States .....' : "* ""¦ V." 772
Veils Fargo v" "" "" IX
Miscellaneous— ' *""
A^ ls ,. C °PP er 2,700 69 68% 6S$i
KL s P^r 5 ' 400 32% li
Am Linseed OH... 25 s?
Am Linseed. O pfd .'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. \'" 52
aSI 1 "* 61^::" 10 ° 4S * 48 * JS8
Anaconda M Co..! '.'...'. njj
r ?° k P- Tran. £66 67% 66% «7t;
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.300 09$ 9S^ 93
S°Tob% Gaa - 20 ° ??.? ** 2 |i
aM:-.- 4 ™ 3i«'^3i 3 y; 213.4
Internatl Paper ... COO 2l" 20% 21
?nJ erna H ?>. pW - 200 75 75 74«4
ntematl Power R6
Gas ¦ " §5
Natl Biscuit 100 4894 489; 48«
National Lead .... io5 22% gg ¦%$
North American 121
Pacific Coast "" "*"' «5
Pacific Mail 30 si
People's Gas ...'. j O 2U
Pressed S Car .... 47Z?
Pressed S Car pfd .. . 86
Pullman Pal Car • 235
Republic Steel .... 500 18% 18% 18
Republic Steel pfd 400 T5% 75% 73W
Sugar 1,800 129% 12SU 12S%
Tenn Ccal & Iron. 400 C4% 64 64%
Union B & P Co 151A
u b & p co pfd ;;¦;¦ 80$
Leather . 100 13% 13% 13%
L b Leather pfd S4U
U S Rubber fli* I
V S Rubber pfd \"\ 5 5^
v S Steel 1,800 S9M. 39^i 39 V*. '•
US Steel pfd .... 'COO 89% 89% 89$
Western Union ... 300 91% 91% 91%
Total sales 146,100 shares.
CLOSING BONDS. J
US ref 2s reg...lO7%~ L & N Uni 4g....lO3
»° coup laVA Mex Cent 4s 84%
Do 3s reg ....107 Do 1st ino .... &314
°° C0U P, 107 Minn & St L 4s. .105
Do new 4s reg.l.Wii M K & T 4s 09%'
go coup 135?/, Do 2ds «4>4
Do old 4s reg. 109% N Y Cent lsts. .104%
£° K C0U P 110% Do gen 3%s. 108%
Do 5s reg 105 N J Cent sen 5 S .139^
Do coup 105- Nor Pac 4s 105$
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s .... M#
n n D *° & £ } XJ, S y\^ Nor & 1Veat c 4s!l0l%
n £, Ohl ° 4s * • 1 S 3 , , Reaa Gen 4s ... 100$
Do^s 0QV 3 St L & I M c Os.117
Do conv 4s ....106 St L & S F 4s.. 100
Canada So 2ds ..109% St L S W lsts.. 09%
Cent of Ga 5s.... 109 Do 2ds .:.. 8($i|
Do 1st inc 82 S A & A P 4s' n<w
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% Bo Pac 4s .. f." 92%
Chi & Alton 3^s. 85V$ So Ry 5s ..... 123^
CB& Q new 4s. Mj4 Tex & Pac lsts.. 119
M A & v^ tlP g * s -- 115^ Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
Chi & Nor con 7s.l39% Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
£ S-J & p ¦*¦¦•• -112 Do conv 4s ...107%
C C C & S L g 4s.lO2% Wabash lsta .¦•119$
Chicago Term 4s. 90 Do 2ds . mil
Colo-& So 4s.... 95% Do Deb B ".'.'.'. 77%
D- & R G 4s 104 West Shore 4s . : 115$
S^i^igtiSS Con Tob 4s -• :
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 ; Little Chief ...... 12
Alice 40; Ontario 7 ->5
Breece 50 Ophir .'....!'ll5
Brunswick Con .. 09 Phoenix ....... 00
Comstock Tunnel.. 5V4 Potost "n
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage "" Jo
Deadwood Terra ..1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 1*
Horn Silver .....1 25 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 72 Standard 3 15
Leadvllle Con 05 : \
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— . United Fruit 110
Call loans 3%@4% .Vestinghouse cm 107
Time loans.. ..4 @5 Mining —
Bonds — ; Adventure ....... 23V.
Atchison 4s 102V1 Allouez 2%
Gas lsts 94 Amalgamated ... C8%
Mex Cent 4s 82 Bingham ........ 34%
N E Gas & C 57V4 Cal & Hecla.,.. .585
Railroads — Centennial ...... 19
Atchison 81% Copper Range.... 57%
Do pfd 100% Dom Coal .7... 139
Boston & Albany.260 Franklin n
Boston & Maine. 200 Isle Royale .....'. 12
Boston Elevated.. 105 Mohawk 391^
Chi Bur St Q.... . 95 Old Dominion'!" 22%
NYNH&H...229 , Osceola ..61V,
Fitchburg pfd 144 : Parrot ".. 28
Union Pacific ...105% Quincy "l30
Mexican Cent... . 28%,' Kanta Fe Copper!l34
Miscellaneous — Tamarack . . . 170
Am Sugar 128% Trimountain ... 95
Do pfd 119 Trinity 1214
Am Tel & Tel 175% United States 20>I
Dom Iron & S 53 Utah 22Vi
Gen Electric ....312 Victoria 4*11-10
Mass Elec ....'... 43% Winona 414
Do pfd 98 Wolverine '* 55
U S Steel 39 Daly West 45 Vi
Do pfd 89% United Copper 34%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 90% , N Y Central. . . . 150%
Do for acct...'. 90% 'Nor & West 58«
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 02tt
Atchison Sa'/j, Ont & West ; 34
Do pfd 102 Mi ; Pennsylvania .. 77
Bait & Ohio 109 Reading ;.. 3;jy,
Canadian Pac. ..139% Do 1st pfd . 43
Ches & Ohio 48 Do 2nd pfd...- 25%
Chi Gt AVest 30 Sou Ry 38V1
Chi M & St P 176 1 Do pfd 97
D & R G 43% Sou Pacific 66%
Do pfd 94Vi Union Pacific ....107%
Erie 38 ft j Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd .... 70>A U S Steel ... 40U
Do 2nd pfd.... 54 Do pfd 91%
111 Central 156% Wabash 28%
Louis & Nash... 141 Do pfd 40%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 27% Spanish Fours ... 80%
Do pfd 00 4
Bar silver, quiet, 24d per ounce.
Money, 2% per cent.
The rate of- discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent. V..
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, June 14. — The weekly state
ment of averages of the Associated Banks
shows :
Loans, $881,670,400; decrease, $3,196,500.
Deposits, $943,868,000; decrease, $3,097,900.
Circulation, '$31,410,800; decrease, $55,600.
Legal tenders, $76,645,800; Increase $1,101 -
700. •.-,.'
Specie, $172,373,700; increase, $158,100. -
Reserve, $249,019,500; Increase, $1,259,800.
Reserve required, $235,717,150; decrease.
$756,975. ' • • . - ••¦ ¦ .
Surplus, $13,302,350; increase, $2,016,775
The New York Financier this week says:
The official statement of the New Yopk as
sociated banks for last week Ehowed a gain
of $1,259,600 in cash. ! This amount very nearly
agrees with the estimated gain, which was
based upon the traceable movements of money
during the week, the difference between the
actual and the estimated amounts being only
$75,300. The loans were decreased $3,196,500,
reflecting the comparatively limited business
on the exchange during the week and also
the absence of important syndicate operations.
The sterling loans which were effected last
week were with private bankers and institu
tions other than banks and therefore they
were not shown in the statement. The de
posits show a decrease of $3,027,000. whereas
the reduction in loans less the Increase in cash
called for a net diminution of $1,936,700 In de
posits; the statement is therefore technically
out of proof. The discrepancy may I in part
be accounted for by the average of payments
for the Webb-Meyer settlements during the
week, «which disbursments are reported to have
amounted to about ¦ $2,000,000. The required
reserve was reduced by $756,975, which sum,
added to the gain In cash, makes $2,010,775
Increase in surplus reserves; this Item therefore
now stands at $13,302,350, against $8,7S2,125
at the corresponding date a year . ago. ' The
daily, average of '. the week's clearings was
$132,000,000, whereas in the previous week
this average was $207,000,000. The clearings
on ¦ Saturday, representing Friday's business,
were, however, $201,000,000, this reflecting: the
improvement In speculation on • the exchange
which was observable toward the end of the
week. Comparisons of loans of , the principal
banks with those in the previous week's state
ment show that seven of these Institutions re
duced this Item $3,900,000 net; one bank in
creased its loan $2,400,000 and another shows
a decrease of $2,000,000, • while another shows
a reduction of $1,500,000. . The returns of
specie by five banks indicate a net loss of
$300,000. One bank gained $3,400,000 and an
ather lost $2,400,000.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Available cash balances, 5200,199,176; gold,
$10p,C26,159. ; /.¦•;¦,¦ .¦¦;.
. i Northern Business. ... '
PORTLAND, June 14.— Clearings, $356,696;
balances, $52,818. v
SEATTLE. June 14. — Clearings, $548, 75S;
balances, $100,496.
TACOMA, June 14.— Clearings, 5166,901; bal
ances, $23,514.
. SPOKANE, June 14.— Clearings, f 257,926;
balances. $G0,662.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
¦PORTLAND, June 14. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 66c; blue stem, 67c. ¦
,• WASHINGTON. .
" TACOMA, June 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 65V£c; club, 64% c.
ers $3 15©3 30; winter low. grades, $2 95@3 15.
WHEAT — Receipts, -77,250 bushels; exports,
94,500 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 78c ele
vatorf No: 2 red, 78%@79%c f. f -o.<b. afloat;. No.
1 Northern Duluth, Blo.f. &• b. . afloat ;' No. 1
hard Manitoba, 81%q f. o. b. afloat. Because
of disappointing cables and moderate local un
loading, wheat was weaker to-day in the face
of rains in the Southwest States. The close
was weak at y.c net decline. July, 7S*/i®78 ! *4c,
closed 78*40; September, 76@76%c, closed 70c;
December, 77%@"7%c, closed 77J£c.
HOPS — Quiet; State, prime to choice,- 1901
crop, 19@23c; 1900 crop, 15@lCc; old olds,
5*4@8c. >' Pacific Coast,' 1901 crop, lS"4@22c;
1900 crop, 15@16c; old bids, -5^(gSc.
HIDES— Dull; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c.- ' •¦¦¦•¦•. -'¦¦.¦•¦, •. - ¦
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 25@29c.
COFFEE — Spot Rip, dull; No. 7 invoice, ?%o.
Mild, quiet; Cordova,, 8@ll%c. :',. ; " ¦
Coffee futures • closed net unchanged ¦; to 5
points lower. .Total sales, 2750 bags, including
August, 4.85c; September, 4.90c; December,
6.15c; January, 5.20c; March, :5.40c. ..-¦-..
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3c; centri
fugal, 98 test, 3"^c. .Molasses sugar, 2%c. .Re
fined, firm; No. 7, 4.10c; No. 8, 3.95c; No. 9,
3.90c; No. 10, 3.85c; No. 11, 3. 80c;. -No. 12,
3.75c; No. 13. 3.75c; No. 14, 3.75c; Confection
ers' A, 4.50c; mold A, 5.05c; cut loaf, 5.20c;
crushed, 5.20c; powdered, .4.80c; granulated,
4.70c.
DRIED FRUITS. '. "
The market for evaporated apples was prac
tically unchanged. Exports continued in light
demand. Futures are attracting some atten
tion, but little actual business" was done. Oc
tober and November deliveries were nominally
quoted at 6@CV4c for prime. State, common to
good, held- at 7@9%c;, prime, at 10c; choice,
10Vi@10-%c, and fancy at lie. - ..
The market for California fruits continues in
light request. "'•..•
Prunes are quiet at 3%@6%c for all grades.
Apricots in boxes are quoted at 10V6@14c;
bags. 10%@12e. :
Business in peaches la without special fea
ture. The peeled fruit Is quoted at 12@16c; un
peeled, 8%@10^c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJ^DAT, JUNE 15, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
35
Articles — Open. High. ' Low.
• Wheat No. 2—
July 72% 72% 71%
Septeir.ber ..71 71 70^4
December... 72& 72M, 71%
Corn No. 2 —
July 63V4 63% 63
September .. 58% 58% 58%
December... 44% 443S, 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July. old.... 37% 37% 87%
July, new... 40% 40% 30%
Sept.. old... 28% 28% 28%
Sept., new... 31 31 30%
Pec. new... 30% 30% 30%
) MesB Pork, per barrel —
T U iy 17 60 17 60 17 45
September ..17 70 17 70 17 57%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ........10 22% 10 30 10 17%
September ..10 80, 10 32% 10 25
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — ' .
July 10 42% 10 42% 10 27%
September ..10 30 10 32% 10 17%
Close.
71%
70%
71%
• 03%
5S%
44%
37%
28%
30%
30%
17 52%
17 62%
10 22%
10 27%
10 40
10 27%
THE
AST
RECORD,
I 3g33 |£ So §
STATIONS, £ | § ! 3 : a f* ?
? £ 5. : a ? ?
c e , : •¦ •¦•'-, a
• *i n • -•..-¦ .
• * • . ... • . -J •
AmlortM. 30.16 64 48 SW Cloudy .00
BeJcer 30.02 68 38 . NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29.92 74 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 56 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.80 68 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.64 80 46 SW Clear ''.-.OO
Pocatello, Id.. 23. 92 68 46 W Clear .00
Iaiependence .29.68 66 58 EE Clear .00
Loa Angeles... 29. 88' 72 58 W C'ear .00
Phoenix 29.62 74 68 NW Clear • .00
Portland 30.08 68 48 NW Clear .00
R«d Bluff ....29.80 88 58 BW Clear .00
Roeebur* 30.00 72 42 N Clear .00
Baeramento ..29.84 80 60 S Clear .00
8alt Lake y.. 29.98 72 52 NW Clear .00
6an Fran<dafeo.29.»6 60 48 W Clear .00
Ban U Ol>!«po.2».96 70 44 W Clear .00
Eaa Dlnro ...29.88 66 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 80.14 68 48 W Clear .00
0aokan* 80.00 72 44 W Cloudy T.
Neain Bay ...80.14 58 B2 W Pt.Cldy T.
Walla. Walla. .28.98 76 52 W Clear .00
Wlnaemucca .29.89 74 42 W Clear .00
Tnxna 29. C2 102 68 SW Clear .00
ETATIOJfa
3 5
p
S"
P
?o -
!3overflale ....
?olus&
¦Jureka
•f anf ord ......
:iolUrter
ndepen<3enc« .
Jvennore ....
v« Anpeles...
v'apa
Newman
'alenno ......
'ortervllle ....
led Bluflt
"tlvenrlde
Sacramento . ¦ ¦
=«n Dleg-o . . .
5an Francisco.
.. 89
.. 83
.. 56
.. 00
.. V'.
.. 70
.. 80
.. 80
.. 72
.. 79
.. 01
.. 00
.. 02
.. m
.. 82
.. 80
.. eo
. . «o
49
S3
4S
£8
CO
S3
r.s
<4
C8
48
40
48
50
S3
!51
SO
CO
48
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.66
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00 i
.00 '
.00
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
\ Clear
' Clear
Clear
KW 22
NW 6
W* '.'.
SE 10
W* 8
S
s" '.'.
b"* . io
. , TV 0
W 2t
¦sn Jose
: .an Luis Ohlzp
iar.ta MnrJa .
•anta P.csa . . .
.Yillowr
to 70
.. 70
.. 78
.. 00
41
41
45
41
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
Clear
Clear '
Clear
Clear
Clear
v/ ..
¦ SB* ..
THE
AST
RECORD,
I 3g33 |£ So §
STATIONS, £ | § ! 3 : a f* ?
? £ 5. : a ? ?
c e , : •¦ •¦•'-, a
• *i n • -•..-¦ .
• * • . ... • . -J •
AmlortM. 30.16 64 48 SW Cloudy .00
BeJcer 30.02 68 38 . NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29.92 74 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 56 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.80 68 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.64 80 46 SW Clear ''.-.OO
Pocatello, Id.. 23. 92 68 46 W Clear .00
Iaiependence .29.68 66 58 EE Clear .00
Loa Angeles... 29. 88' 72 58 W C'ear .00
Phoenix 29.62 74 68 NW Clear • .00
Portland 30.08 68 48 NW Clear .00
R«d Bluff ....29.80 88 58 BW Clear .00
Roeebur* 30.00 72 42 N Clear .00
Baeramento ..29.84 80 60 S Clear .00
8alt Lake y.. 29.98 72 52 NW Clear .00
6an Fran<dafeo.29.»6 60 48 W Clear .00
Ban U Ol>!«po.2».96 70 44 W Clear .00
Eaa Dlnro ...29.88 66 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 80.14 68 48 W Clear .00
0aokan* 80.00 72 44 W Cloudy T.
Neain Bay ...80.14 58 B2 W Pt.Cldy T.
Walla. Walla. .28.98 76 52 W Clear .00
Wlnaemucca .29.89 74 42 W Clear .00
Tnxna 29. C2 102 68 SW Clear .00
ETATIOJfa
3 5
p
S"
P
?o -
!3overflale ....
?olus&
¦Jureka
•f anf ord ......
:iolUrter
ndepen<3enc« .
Jvennore ....
v« Anpeles...
v'apa
Newman
'alenno ......
'ortervllle ....
led Bluflt
"tlvenrlde
Sacramento . ¦ ¦
=«n Dleg-o . . .
5an Francisco.
.. 89
.. 83
.. 56
.. 00
.. V'.
.. 70
.. 80
.. 80
.. 72
.. 79
.. 01
.. 00
.. 02
.. m
.. 82
.. 80
.. eo
. . «o
49
S3
4S
£8
CO
S3
r.s
<4
C8
48
40
48
50
S3
!51
SO
CO
48
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.66
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00 i
.00 '
.00
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
\ Clear
' Clear
Clear
KW 22
NW 6
W* '.'.
SE 10
W* 8
S
s" '.'.
b"* . io
. , TV 0
W 2t
¦sn Jose
: .an Luis Ohlzp
iar.ta MnrJa .
•anta P.csa . . .
.Yillowr
to 70
.. 70
.. 78
.. 00
41
41
45
41
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
Clear
Clear '
Clear
Clear
Clear
v/ ..
¦ SB* ..
Articles — Open. High. ' Low.
• Wheat No. 2—
July 72% 72% 71%
Septeir.ber ..71 71 70^4
December... 72& 72M, 71%
Corn No. 2 —
July 63V4 63% 63
September .. 58% 58% 58%
December... 44% 443S, 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July. old.... 37% 37% 87%
July, new... 40% 40% 30%
Sept.. old... 28% 28% 28%
Sept., new... 31 31 30%
Pec. new... 30% 30% 30%
) MesB Pork, per barrel —
T U iy 17 60 17 60 17 45
September ..17 70 17 70 17 57%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July ........10 22% 10 30 10 17%
September ..10 80, 10 32% 10 25
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — ' .
July 10 42% 10 42% 10 27%
September ..10 30 10 32% 10 17%
Close.
71%
70%
71%
• 03%
5S%
44%
37%
28%
30%
30%
17 52%
17 62%
10 22%
10 27%
10 40
10 27%
AUCTION SALES
¦ OCCIDENTAL £-3.
£?> HORSE EXCHANGE. fc * a
Bunkep Hill Day Sale.
On TUESDAY. June 17. I will sell from thV
PIERCE' S Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT HORSES weighing from
1400 to 1G00, all purpose and standard trotters,
brood mares and their foals; and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM, standard and
registered trotters, including fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Dillon, 2:07). On Stanley 2:17*4. Fram 2:14V*.
Diablo 2:09*4. Bay Rose 2:20%. Director 2:17,
Electioneer. General Benton. etc. Send for
catalogues.
WM.G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
JUST ARRIVED
4 And Will Be Sold.
Car of good gentle broke horses; all horses
sold must be as represented, or money refund-
ed. Sale commences at 11 a. m., 1140 Folsonj
st., Tuesday, June 17. Also a large assortment
of camp, express, laundry and peddling wagcria,
surries. buggies, carts and 5o sets of slnslo
harness. •
fe fe fe-
WAIT FOR THE GRAND DISPER3AX»
SALE OF TROTTING-BRED BROODMARES.
COLTS AND FILLIES FROM HON. J. IX
OARR'S RANCH. SALINAS.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902, at
1 FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S, .*
1732 Market st.. S. F. v - '
- Full particulars later.
fe AUCTION SALE— 40 HEAD
Gentle broke work and driving horse*, con-
signed by A. F. Rooker. Stockton.
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET,
MONDAY, JUNE 16. 11 A. M.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 15, 1902.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICB of The San Franelsee
Ca'l. ccrner cf Market and Third streets: open
cctil 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 He yes street ; cpen until 9:S0 p. ra.
129 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: ocen until 9:30 p. ra.
!041 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
£2C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
tir.til 9 p. ra.
10C Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. ra.
2200 Fillraorc street: open until Dp.ni
CHCttCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church, Mission st, between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Brings. 11 a. m.. service and
termon; topic, "A Dull Disciple." 12:45 p. m.,
Sunday school; Holla' V. Watt superintend-
ent. C:15 p. m.. Society of Christian En-
deavor. 7:^0 p. m., concert; the numbera
tvill include: "Overture on English Airs"
(Tobani). orchestra; "Jubilate," choir; solo,
"Abide With Me" (Shelley), Mrs. Cramer;
violin sc!o, Romanze in F (Beethoven),
Charles E. Hobson; anthem. "King 'All
<jlorious"; recessional, "Marche aux Flam-
beau" <Clark), orchestra. 8 p. m., sermon;
topic "Whose I Am, Whom I Serve." Her-
bert F. Bribes will preach morning and even-
ing. Choirmaster, Louis William Weer. The
Feats are free and the people are welcome.
6IMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST EPISCO-
PAL CHURCH, corner Hayes and Buchanan
Bts. — Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will
preach at 11 a. ra. and 7:45 p. m. ; topic f^>r
evening, "Human Nature at the Cross."
Music by chorus choir, L E. Blake, director.
Seats free. All Invited. Sunday school at
12:45 p. m. Epworth League at 6:45 p. m.
UNITARIAN CHURCH (FIRST), southwest
corner Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Brad-
ford Leavltt minister; Charles A. Murdock,
superintendent of Sunday school. The Sun-
day echool la closed. The morning ser-
vice Is at 11 o'clock. Rev. George W.
Stone will preach; subject, "Some Lessons
From the Life of the Apostle PauL" Muslo
by quartet and chorus. H. Bretherick, or-
iraniat and director. All are cordially In-
vited. There ia no evening eervlce.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, corner of
Van Nesa ave. and S&craznento at — Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie. pastor. 6ervlces at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Rev. Dr. Adams, pas-
tor First Congregational Church, will preach
in the morning and the pastor In the evening.
Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Christian En-
deavor at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at S o'clock. All are cor-
dlally Invited. -
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, 'corner
Post and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams,
D.D.. pastor. At 11 a. m.. Rev. William
Kirk Guthrie will preach, topic, "Self-sac-
rifice." At. 7:45 p. m. , sermon by the pas-
tor, topic. "The Natural and the Spiritual."
All ar» cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Post near Webster at — Rev. F. B. Chemig-
ton, pastor. At 11 a. m., preaching by pas-
tor. 7:15 to 8 p. m... vesper service. Sunday
BChool, 9:30 a. m., Morris Marcus, superin-
tendent / ' '
TRINITY Church, cor. Buah and Gough ata. —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett D- D.. rector.
Morning service and holy communion at 11
a. m. ; address by the assistant Evening
prayer at 4 o'clock.
A GREAT meeting for men only will be held at
the Young Men's Christian Association au-
ditorium. Mason and Ellis sts., this after-
noon at 3 o'clock. The address will be given
by Rev. F. M. Larkln; subject "A Young
Man's Business Career." Special music for
the occasion, and all young men invited to
attend^
FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST. Scientist Cen-
tral block. 223 Sutter at, between Kearny
aad Gract ave. — Christian Science service at
II a. a.; subject of lesson sermon, "God the
Preserver of Man." Sunday-school, for chil-
dren at the same hour. Wednesday evening
meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-room,
206 Kesmy at., rooms S09-510. All are wel-
come.
THE Hermetic Brotherhood holds Its open
-meeting on Thursday evening, 19th Inst. at
603 Van Neaa ave. We believe In the prom-
ise that man should rule over his environ-
ment Harmony and unity are the requisites
of strength.
THE Theosophical Society^ (Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott president-founder). Pacific Coast head-
quarters. Odd Fellows' Building. Public
lecture to-night at 8 o'clock by James H.
VL Lapsley; subject, "Why Theosophy
Should Claim Our Attention." Public meet-
ing Thursday afternoon at 2:30. Lending
library oj>en dally from 1 to 4 p. m.
HOME OF TRUTH (practical Christianity),
1231 Pine st, near Hyde — Sunday services
at 11 a. n. and 7:46 p. m. Weekly meet-
Ings Monday at 8 p. m. and Tuesday at 3
p. m. All are welcome.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS will deliver his laat
lecture for the season at Golden Gate Hall
this evening on the topic, "Solving the So-
cial Problem." All seats free. Mr. Mills
•will regr.ree his lectures August 17.
MEETING S— S UND AY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN; free lecture
tfcls evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle.
BO9 Market at Subject. "The History of
Freemasonry" (by request); magnificent
views of the cradle of Masonry; free tickets
will be distributed for X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Remember the
Question Box. Special music
*"NOW," lecture, Henry Harrieon Brown;
"Spiritual Gifts." Odd Fellows' building, 8
p. m.; music.
EDWARD EARLE'S independent slate writing
in full gaslight; names In full to-night 32S
Ellis St.; 25c.
WYLLIE, photo medium; bring camera and
plates; do your own developing; be convinced.
303 Turk st ¦ '
A— TESTS, front hall. 909 Market; 11 free; 2,
Wilson Waltman; 8, Wilson, Kate Huess-
xr.ann; 10c.
AT 117 Larkin Et. to-night— Dr. C. E. Wheeler's
Inspirational church & messages; Mrs. Seeley
reads flowers; Miss Trade sings; adm. 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
MME. YOUXG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN, test seance every night except
Saturday, 10c; sittings daily. 14S Sixth at
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circles Eun-
day. Tuesday, S; Tuesday, 2; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance 8 pm.
1084 Bush; 50c; tel. Larkln 4133.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing testa for all-
clr. 10c; Sun., Tuee.; readings daily. 278 9th.
PROF. SMITH, spiritual medium;, readings
dally; satisfaction given or no charge. 28 6th.
MRS. HARLAND— Test seance to-night 10c;
prophetic readings; ladies 50c 132 Sixth.
TI^L circIe> 1Oc: 8 p - m - : readings dally. BOc.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak" st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
\ olenoia Ft.
SUNDAY LECTURES. '
"THE ONLY R^A^1 : O~BEAUTY ;7 T free lec-
ture to ladies only by Mrs. May Van Auken
followed by readings of heads, faces and
hands; 8 Monday evening. 330 Ellla st
PROGRESSIVE Solrituallsts to-night. Odd
Fel.ows Hall, Market and Seventh sta.; Mrs
Ii. S. Lllho. er^aker. Admission free.
MEETINGS THEOSOPHICAL.
*".£ Bi S k> Ea< * and unsuccessful ahould hear
Mh-s Stacey, from London, at 3 p.m.; room
I 1 ' X l00<3^ buiIdinE: Bub^ ct . "How to Sow
So That You Win Be Glad to Reap." -
T Vn^7 h ) 1 ? SOph J C f I l j£*5*r FrB '- DUbUc lecture
am f ? t£\+ V\ K 1OfJ ?. bM|r: «' Jb Ject "The
Art of Right Living," by C. P. Neilson.
. MEETING NOTICES.
FOURTH of July at Shell Mound „ «•>».
Park. Berkeley— Twenty-first grand & Xj&
annual {fathering and games of the vL^TG^P
S. F. Scottish Thistle Club; new-
features; great programme.
JOHN H. UcINNIS. Royal Chief
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
PICNIC of Vereln Oesterreich, thfe a
leading German-speaking Austrian
society in this city, at Germanla Oar- wrf'sfa'S
<Jen, Harbor View, SUNDAY, June ifv-lnK
'JS. 1I;O2; plenty of fun for young and NJ
eld. Admission 25c. >'
FUNERAL Notice— Members of Pacific Parlor
No. 10. N. S. G. \\'., will- assemble at N g
G.W. Hall. 417 Mason st. at 1:20 p 'm
SUNDAY. June 15. to attend funeral of our
deceased brother, PAUL SCHOEMVALD-
cremation Odd Follows' Cemetery. By order'
ROLAND SI. ROCHE. President
JOHN 1I1LLEH. Secretary.
A BRANCH ollice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED— Lady agents by Pierce MedlcaTco!
.to sell absolutely reliable uterine tablets;
fruarantecd; big and easy money. Address
P. O. box £530. San Francisco, and get de-
scriptive circular."
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than<toooks cr insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412? Parrott bids.
TWO experienced agents for country. Apply
et once. Koyal Portrait Co., 143 7th at.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613:* all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gagee partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; dlvorce8 a specialty; quick, quiet;
00 charge without success; established 1U yrs.
6. W. HOWE, 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton..
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. 819 Market st
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
Ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs.-W. W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHIs^ R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
SOa-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st.
L. 6. OLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
V»t st; Consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Excbance,
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkln. 305 Market, IOCS to 1974 Page.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
A REFINED, select home for a few email
girls; near school; piano; large sunny yard;
mother's care; lowest terms. 1007 California.
PRIVATE family would like a child to board.
$8 per month. Phone Polk 2797, 1C10V6 Bush.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WIDE-AWAKE men!— $50 for stock which
brings $100 In one week. Never seen west of
Denver. Great - success fn Eaat '. Good for
two weeks In towns of 2000 and four weeks in
4000 towns, etc. Will last only few months.
Only one man for each town. Can travel
from town to town. No tedious canvassing.
Absolutely no expense except $50 for stock,
• whiclk can be returned. Don't write for par-
ticulars unless you have $50 and some spare
energy. A, REINOLD. 176 Lewis Bt, New
York. N. Y.
60 PER CENT averge monthly profit under oar
new system of turf speculation; shares, $10
each; dividends semi-monthly; send for circu-
lar. WHITE & CO., 88 Pulitzer building. New
York. (Mention paper.)
OUR new progressive system of turf specula-
tion averages 18 per cent weekly; shares,
$10. Money can be withdrawn at any time.
Dividends paid weekly. Particulars, address
v SOLLITT & CO., Beard building. New York.
THE COAST. 78314 MARKET ST.
16 rooms on O'Farrell st, $900.
18 rooms on Kearny. st, $1750.
12 rooms on Leavenworth Et., $1150. _/
18 rooms on Golden Gate ave., $2500.
Butcher shop for $325.
Cigar stores, $60 to $1200.
Grocery and bar for $400; rent $22 50.
Partner for grocery wanted. -
Saloons for $125, $200, $300 and $450.
List your property with THE COAST.
EVERY man who has a dollar invested in turf
speculation should read "Paul Pry on Horse
Racing." Gives complete information re-
garding all turf companies and an opportu-
nity tp steer clear of danger. Mailed free to
any address. Write to N. S. GOODSELL,
6 Rlmback block. Hammond, Ind.
$100 PER month — You can buy a 20-acre
chicken ranch for $200 and make $100 per
month raising chickens. Send 25 cents in
silver In letter for book of Instructions to
the California Land Co.. Grafton, Yolo Co.,
Cal.
$1400— A CHANCE of a lifetime; on account of
family troubles; ealoon and lunch house; rent
only $50; dally receipts $25 to $30; located
between ship, lumber yards and factories.
Apply 316 Grant ave.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman partner to take
half Interest In U. S. patent granted of late,
for full term 17 years; patent is of artltstlc
nature; can be seen and investigated at own-
er's place. Patentee, box 105L Call.
$5000— FLAT. 6 rooms and bath; store and
rooms below; business now supports family
of 13; lot 25x100; good will of business and
real estate both at this low price; a snap.
P. W. MORRISSEY. 630 Market st.
WILL cell to good business man for $1000. half
Interest In best paying mall order business
on the Coast; fortune to right man; open to
fullest Investigation. Principals only ad-
dress P. Q. Box 238, Oakland, Cal. -.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light business;
$18 to $25 a week, with chance for $35; suit-
ed to plain steady man; work easily learned.
25 Geary st. room 4.
BAKERS and others, attention; fine store,
dwelling and bakehouse, doing $80 per week
retail; long lease; rent $7 per month: must
sell on account of ill- health. Box 1052, Call.
$1000— PARTNER in safe money-making busl-
ness; will net $150 each month; trial before
buying; no experience; steady man; don't
miss it. Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
$5500 — Commercial hotel on leading business
street clearing $C00 monthly net; whole or
half Interest: partner going to Europe; no
agents. Box 275. Call offlce.
$400 — GROCERY and liquor store; Invoice
price; Market st; rent $11: living room; re-
-celpts $12 day. BROWN, 1221 Market Bt.
FOR SALE— Second-hand book business. Oak-
land; good corner; low rent. Apply 1236
Broadway, Oakland, afternoons.
FOR SALE: — Grocery, fruit, vegetable busi-
ness; good location; good trade. Box 42S5
Call offlce. Oakland.
FRUIT store for sale on account of sickness
with or without a horse and wagon. 202 Va-
lencia, st
FOR sale— Small grocery and bar on account of
going East. L. SCHAEFER. 1552 Folsom st.
cor. Twelfth.
WANTED — Gentleman; good business proposi-
tion; big money for right party. Can 518
Ellis et
FOR sale — Good-paying watchmaking and Jew-
elry store In good location; rent cheap. In-
qulre at 254 Third st. liquor store.
$760— PARTNER wanted; profits $250 monthly;
good, clean business; apply quickly. ALDEV
CO.. 1118 Broadway; Oakland.
$450— RESTAURANT south of Market st, mid-
dle machine shop district; doing good busl-
ness. Bc» 1022, Call office.
$1500 — PARTNER for half Interest In city
business; pays over 100 per cent annual profit
A. W. ROBINSON. 36 Geary st., room 6.
PARTNER wanted with small capital for new
j retail coal business by party who can control
large trade. Box 1029. Call offlce.
A DELICACY and restaurant at sacrifice- no
reasonable offer refused; Western Addition-
account of sickness. Box 1030, Call offlce.
HAVE you any money? Do you want to double
it In 30 days? The opportunity is yours
Inventors' Mfg. Co. (inc.), 139 First Et.
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a flrst-clasa
liniment, with stock on hand. Call or ad-
dres8 MRS. A.. 415A Third at, S. F.
PAYING fruit store for sale; good location.
24o Fifth st i
DELICATESSEN and branch bakery and pork
store for sale cheap. 2967 Twenty-fourth st.
A — $750 — CANDY and Ice cream parlor Room
309.^927 Market Bt.. bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
$300 — RESTAURANT worth $600: must aell at
once. Address box 1001. Call office.
WANTED — Business partner; must be a man
of ability and integrity; splendid opportunity
• small Investment. Call 36 Metropole, 6 Turk.
HOME Realty Co., 873 Market (formerly Geo.
Newton & Co.. 759 Market) — Legitimate busi-
ness: lodging-houses & restaurants specially.
RESTAURANT for sale at 666 Fourth st.
CIGAR stand in large hotel; rent $25; price
$800. MORRISON & C.O., 26 Montgy st, r. 4.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LOpGING-HOlJSES FOR SALE.
A— SPECIAL NOTICE. ~-~-— ~ -
No contract from buyers or. sellers.
All places advertised free.
At Retsloft & Co.'s.
Call, we can suit you.
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap.. $225
20 rooms; clears $9D; only 800
14 rooms; Geary St.; reduced to 050
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 .'...... 325
45 .rooms; clears §200 - 2200
30 "rooms: first-class; north of Market.. 2400
20 rooms; clears $00. 200
15 rooms; Just listed 050
12 rooms;. snap 450
:$u rooms; clears S250; Investigate....;. 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
\100 rooms; clears $800 "9500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phoneaohn 531.
006 Market, cor. EUIs (upstairs, rooma 7-S).
BUY your houses direct from a furniture deaier
on easy payments. -
10 rooms: clears $40 $500
11 rooms; clears $30. ; ....$360
8 rooms;; clears S30 '.....-. $300
And ether bargains. - 843, Howard et.
HINKLEY & SMITH, v . S
Successors to
H. a DECKER .1020 Market «t.
Estab. 27 yrs Phone Mint 796
Call for our large list of bargains
LOPOTIIO HOI'SES FOTl ' SAT.K— C«vn.
SolXa^s^av^d^in~^buying' equals
money earned.
The following houses will save you dollars
and earn money:
12 rooms; rent $30; good furniture; price
$300.
34 rooms; rent $175; very good furnishings;
price $2500.
16 rooms; rent $150; modern; private batha;
swell; price $5000.
S6 rooms; rent $G6; mixed furniture;, price
$1250.
To buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the ¦ reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 017 Market 'st, bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaued' at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
flrst-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection ; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market at., bet Oth and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
' SNAPS.' SNAPS. SNAPS. . • • . )
$S00 — Lodging-house of X> rooms in San Jose;
• rent $40; netting $70 above expenses.
$3500 — Elegantly furnished lodging-house In
heart of San Jose, 60 rooms; rent $125;
paying $350 per month.
$2500 — A 44-room rooming-house in San Jose;
close in; rent $125; nets $250; sickness,
must cell. : ¦ . •
WELLS & SAUNDERS..630 Market at.. 8. F.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market at
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
' 11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; gcod renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 60; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1H per cent' per month.
A. CAMERON & CO., j
850 Market at. and 8 Stockton at..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phono Bush 828.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with ua; buyera, call; we can
suit you: have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, all alzes and prices; no trouble to show
houses; carriage at door. Money loaned, \y%
per cent .. • ¦ •
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market St.. UDstalra, near Call building.
A — big — free — lls t — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market at— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
n. business chances and real estate.
\ We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
houses, to lease. "\
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent .$0500
300 rooms; corner house: for men.'. 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain...:... 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouset;, flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market et
WINSTON & WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. - t 1026 Market at
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash ....$1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furniture. . . . 2500
28 rooms; must sell; make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82; a money-maker. . 1850
98 rms.; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced. 6500
Lodging-house; 19 rooms; transient; Brussels
carpets, oak and cherry furniture: $550 se-
cures it. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r.'4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house; transient: $150:
secure it; entire furniture goes. MORRISON
& CO.. 26 Montgomery at., room 4.
THE new and elegant furniture of an 8-room
modern sunny flat on Eddy st, near Van
Ness ave.; spare rooms more than pay reat:
you can save more than one-third on the
furniture; grand chance. Address box 1041.
Call offlce. - .
SNAP— $2600. 80-room house, rent $65; $1500,
37-room house, rent $50, good furniture, flrst-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st.
9-ROOM house: all light; all rented; neatly fur-
nished; must be sol*^ case of sickness. 266
Minna st. ; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
$20 — 8 ROOMS and bath, near Washington and
Powell Ets.. or will sell $000 cash, bal. easy.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64B Market st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanfng Co., 402 Sutter at;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. .
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell at, phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; teL Mission 74.
DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F. ;
painless extraction, 60c: open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS. Pres.. 969 Mission at, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, oor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
lt-tsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 00 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60
vp: offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays,
8 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators';
gas given; lady, attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
.plates. $5. full set: all work s>ainless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
BET of teeth' without plate. Dr] a a
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '
DRESSMAKERS. AND SEAMSTRESSES
AT THE McDOWELL DRESSMAKING AND
MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Leading system of dress cutting.
• Best course In millinery. -
Depot for latest patterns
• 1019 Market st. above Sixth.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
CLARKE, 1123 Powell st; orders promptly
attended to. 1
McDOWELL Dressmaking and MHUnery School;
' corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
' EDUCATIONAL.
IIEALD' s" 6cllO^5L^OF^ELECTRICAir ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and -shop work; thoroughly
• practical; day and night 24 Post at, S. F.;
catalogue free.
A— IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March. 32 in April; E1118 book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Bual-
neta College, 1236 Market st. ¦ .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
6. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
6chool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, Prealdent Jordan or any
1 Stanford professor. Phelan building.
' GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
.- conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; ln-
. dorsed by official court reporters. 1382. Markt
YOUNG man of mechanical turn of mind, able
to pay for instruction, can have a good trade
in one year. Box 1006, Call offlce.
1 A YOUNG man who does not speak distinctly
wishes his voice trained; evening lessons.
Box 1015, Call offlce. , — ¦>
OTHER studenta, graduates and teachers take
! penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 630 Golden Gate,.
Address Ayera' Business College, 723 Market
.st; for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
' der Naillen' School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
p ACTING, elocution, Bpecialties; Hallet School;
i atEociated with theatrical agency securing po-
1 eltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell at.
I DANCING pupils prepared for the stage or
, ballroom. IRVINE'S. 421 Post st.
1 VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo taught In a
1 ' c'ass; $1 mo. 420 O'Farrell; phone Geary 562.
1 j SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
,' BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market sf
Chicago Businesa College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th ;
Fittman ehorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st
'ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
• etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Sth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 100S Mission; Instruments selected.
i HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post at., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
¦-_¦_: " SPIRITUALISM. ' <£
. v
DON'T fail to read about ISMAR, the Woman
of Mystery, on page 19.
BROCKWAY.' 1052 Ellis St.. near Franklin,
materializing seance; Sun."; Tues. and Friday
nights. 5«Jc; psychic seanoe Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings daily ; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. ' J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
• dium, life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore'. 1164 O'Farrell st., nr. Gough; Ellis car.
MRS. SHEEHAN, trance, test medium ;readlngs
50c. $1. 316. Third st,.cir. Tues., Fri.; 25c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero;, circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thura.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
._ ' PROF. PAUL~DESTINeT~
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
; PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
¦ family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the, separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures arid mines, ¦ settles
j old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the' lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronio disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so ¦ sad and ' dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted that cannot be set Tight
and kept right, after a visit to this Inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught, Mediumlstlc Persona De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m.- to 8 p. m.
i 826 ...... O'FARRELL STREET ...... 826
MME. M. BERNARD, -
• • THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third at. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
love or business troubles,- consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?"
PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated, \
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Offlce, 412 Post st. — 412.
Dally. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 0.
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
I > t THEO JS COMING t \ I
IA — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk ;i private readings dally. 10, a. m. to
Dp. ra.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full lif*
$fi; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50o,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. alt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and apeedy marriages; 10 to 8 dally.
1010 Mission Bt, near Sixth. '
DON'T fall to read about ISMAR, the Woman
of Mystery, on page 19.
MMB. JACQUES, 1035 Market at., aulte 1—
Celebrated palmiat and clairvoyant; readlnga
dally this week, 25c; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
1 tell cornea true; aend dime & birth date. J.
MYERS, postofflce box 2224, San Francisco.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
FREE psychic reading to ladles 10 to 12 Mon^
day; dally 10 to 8; $1. MRS. GREEN, only
psychoscope reader here, 720 Leavenworth.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to^y.m.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and ;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. BOc; G. $1. 217 Eddy at.
MRS. L. EHRN.. clairvoyant and palmist, 25c
up. 1427 Ellis at. .
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader gives full
life readings for $1. 1008& Market, op. 5th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently;
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 221 Fifth st
MME, ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. 25c; G. 50c. 521^4 Eddy
MME. MARCEAU, clairvoyant and card reader,
25c. Moved to 1651 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
2Bc: gents BOc: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market at; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless (successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.'
ORFHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish moat
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st. : tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed;- stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
cold; stock accepted for cervices. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post
WAKTED — Capital to manufacture atable arti-
cle in the machinery line; safe, profitable
monopoly of a very extensive business; ex-
ceptional opportunity. Box 10G3, j Call offlce.
WANTED — $35,000 building loan; on water
front; brick warehouse. Box 4622. Call.
HELP WASTE D FE MALE .
AT C."rTh : ANSEn'& CO.'S /.'phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. 5 —
4 waitresses, new summer resort, no uni-
form $25
Laundress, summer resort, fare paid..$30-$35
Fancy ironer, summer resort $30
2 chambermaids to wait, summer resorts.. $20
20 waitresses,' different ' springs, fares
paid V $25
Waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way.$20-$25
21 waitresses, commercial and country ho-
tels , .$20-$25
.20 waitresses, city hotels and restaurants,
$20-$oO
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try .' .-. ; $50
- Middle-aged woman, general work, . nice
small hotel of 12 rooms on sea coast, fare
advanced $25
Cook, country hotel, fare paid $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
• Nice Dlace, second girl, Oakland, $25; Ger-
man woman as cock; firfet-class place (four
others in help), San Jose, party here, $35;
house girl, Napa, fare paid, American fam-
' lly of four; house girl. Mountain View, three
In family, narty. here, $20; others, city and
country, nurses, second girls. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush St., opposite Callfor-
nla Hotel, bet Kearny st. and Grant ave.
WANTED — Cook, summer resort, $40; cook,
worklngmen's hotel, $40, country; cook, pri-
vate family, San Jose, $35, no wash; 8 wait-
resses, summer resorts, $25; pastry cook.
Institution, country, $30: parlormaid, coun-
t try, $30; city, $25; 4 second girls, city and
country. $25; 100 girls for. cooking, and house-
work places too numerous to advertise; call
Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sut-
ter at. y . '¦;•
WANTED— LADY MODELS. '
We are always in need of ladles to act as
models in our offlce: we will treat free a few
I . ladies afflicted with birthmarks, smallpox
plttings, scars, or those troubled with wrin-
kles, crow's feet, baggy eyelids," etc.
NO SURGERY OR ELECTRICITY USED.
THE HARRIS INSTITUTE OF DERMA-
TOLOGY.
. COS Butter st, Bowhay building.
% . .¦. / • • . -. ¦ ¦ r.'i.jj
OPERATORS and a. number of bright glri«j will
.. .be taken .fbr' % instruction ¦ on overalls? with
a stated amount guaranteed • to beginners.
Standard Shirt Factory, . corner Gough . and
Grove sts. '
BKT.P WAIETED-.FEMALE--C011. '
PARLOR maid and waitress, $30; 10 waitresses
for city and country hotels, $25-$20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait one meal, $20; second girl
for Berkeley, $25,. small family. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at., near Powell.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO* SEW OVERALLS ; WB TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
BT. : MR. DAVIS. ' ' .
LADIES! — We want a good representative In
each locality, and offer any woman who will'
work a position which will easily pay $18 per •
.week. This is no deception, and If you can
. epare only two hours per day address MISS
MABEL E. RUSH, Secretary, box B, Jollet,
$4 60— HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught In 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed in stores and with private cus-
tomers. ($50 and $75 per monjth; class day
and evening. College 233 Geary St.. rs. 13-15.
BOCIETY woman can make appreciable addi-
tion to her income by Introducing high class
toilet preparations among her friends. Ad-
dress Confidential, box 1062, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and wool
waists; 'good pay: steady work. San Fran-
clsco Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st.
GIRL for general housework. 61 Cumberland
Bt, bet. 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolore>.
GIRL wanted. I general housework, small fam-
lly. 2235 Post st. Sunday or Monday a. m.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for ribbons
and laces. Apply Monday to superintendent
/The Emporium. ;.,-;,
A YOUNG lady stenographer; must understand
bookkeeping; answer In own handwriting.
Box 1042. Call.
WANTED — A competent German nurse girl
for two girls, 8 and 5 years old; must have
city references. Address H.. P. O. box 2685.
WANTED — A first-class cook at good wage*
(or country place, near city; small family.
Address H.. P. O. box 2688.
A BRIGHT, well educated woman of pleasing
manners, to Interview customers and take
orders. For Interview, address box 1049. Call.
OPERATORS — Experienced, also learners; paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.,
muslin underwear factory, 697 Missn., cor. 2d.
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL to do light housework; no cooking; good
home. Apply to-day, 3272 Twenty-flfth st.,
near Howard. - .
WANTED — Competent and neat German or
French girl for cooking and housework in
small family; good wages. Box 1065, Call.
YOUNG lady to pose In costume; brunette,
black hair; no others; state age and pay.
Box 1056. Call offlce. .
WANTED — Experienced presser on ladles' wool
; and silk waists. San Francisco Mfg. Co.,
623 Market at ¦ ,
WOMAN accustomed to handling country trade;
must have fair education and business train- -
ing. Box 1024, Call offlce.
LADY for theatrical company; some cash re-
qulred. Box 1039. Call.
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers on coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
LEARN-proofreadlng; sits, secured, $15 to $29
wkly. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
GIRL to learn typesetting (German descent pre-
f erred); $4 week first year. 516 Commercial.
WANTED — First-class waitress at 804 Mason
St.; wages $8 a week.
YOUNG girl to assist with baby; good home;
small wages. '209 Turk St.
YOUNG girl for general housework, small fam-
lly, $20; new lower flat. 2065 Bush st
WANTED — Waitresses, variety theater, coun-
try; fare paid. Box 1054. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, care, for 1 child and -
light housework. 621 Sacramento st
20 WOMEN for concert hall. Southern Califor-
nia. Call 233 Powell, room 5; hours 2 to 5.
PROTESTANT r girl for general housework;
,- good home; light work; $15. 3674 Sixteenth.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. 535 Valencia st
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' wrappers,
eklrts, etc.; work home. 838 Fell at
GIRLS for road show. Address box 1028 Call
offlce. ¦ *
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market st. r. 94— Hair-
work, halrdressing, marcel wave, manicur-
ing, massage, etc.; positions guaranteed- $12
to $35 wk.: day, eve. classes; course 2 wks.,$5.
LADIES to learn barber trade: only two
months required: special offer this month*
halrdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — A girl for general housework; some
washing; five in family; wages $25; refer-
ences. 4920 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
WILL teach a few smart girls on ladles' silk
and woolen waists; good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.. 623 Market st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on Jackets BARON
22-24 Grant- ave. . '
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers.: EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 635 Market at.
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 27 Geary st
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st _.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
•HELP WAKTED--MALE.
AT THE CAL.. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
Offlce fee $1; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rockmen $2 25 to $2 60 per day
SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY ......
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County ». .Big sawmill
60 railroad laborers.. $26 per month and board .
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY. ........FREE FARE
10 men for haying ;. .
*¦ : .$1 25 to $1 50 per day and board
10 harvest hands...... $2 per day and board
20 fruit pickers. $1 to $1 25 per day and board
2 sack sewers. $2 per day and board
Man and wife for general ranch work, wife
to cook for 8 men, steady year round, $55. .
20 teamsters and laborers, near city
. . • • ¦ • .$1 50 per day and board
5 carpenters' helpers..... $2 per day
3 carpenters, country. ... ..'..$3 50 per- day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill
w- $40 per month and board
Brakeman. Efkwmill $2 per day
2 head setters ....$3 per day
20 woodsmen..$40 to $60 per month and board
5 muckers, gold mine .....$2 25 per day
4 smelter men .....$72 per month
Blacksmith helper, mine, horseshoer. .....
$2 25 per day
Blacksmith, horseshoer, country... $3 per day
4 concrete men, city $2 50 per day
Offlce open till 12 m.. to-day. • '
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
400 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen and !
steam shovel dumpers, $2 25 to $2 60 per
day, to Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Moun-
tain, Reno, Telegraph Point and Carlin, fee $1 ; ,
300 railroad men, S. P. Co.'s own work, for
Sacramento, Western and Coast division, . to
Tracy, Florin, Oakland, San Mateo. San Luis
, ; Obispo and other points, $1 60, $1 70, $2, sec- '
tlon, extra and concrete gangs, free fare ;
60 laborers and miners. North. $2 to $2 50 day
60 laborers and miners, South. $2 to $2 00 day '
25 quarrymeri, free fare $2 per day .
25 tanbark men. $2 a cord
10 men for hay fields .$1 25 and found
>10 milkers | and dairy men. . Plumas and '
: -Madera counties $30, $35 and found
'. 5 carpenters $3 50 per day
1 .bartender $30 ¦ and found
100 cooks, waiters, laborers, etc.$l 25 to $2 50
Call and read our bulletins. :
WANTED — By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co.. team-
sters and laborers • for railroad work • In Ne- :
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday ,
4-horse skinners.... ....$2 25 per day '
Laborers < .$2 per day
Board .....$5 25 per week :
Report with blankets ' at 900 Broadway,
Oakland . . . .'. ; .
Laborers for concrete - work, ' wages $2 per -
"day," 10 hours' work; board $4 50. per week;
long Job. Report at Napa Junction.
WANTED— Trustworthy person In each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house;
' bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses.
Manager, 379. Caxton. bldg., Chicago.-
SALESMEN wanted — By leading wholesaler
experienced ; grocery or specialty salesmen;
. " worth $2000 per year and expenses; choice ter-
ritory; trade . well established. - Write with
references ' box 1017, Call.'
WANTED— First-class practical cutter. 'S. N.
WOOD & CO. t x718 Market st k
YOUTH to attend 6tore and make himself gen-
erally useful. Z. Y. X.. box 1026, Call.
HELP WAJrTED--MALE — Com.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL?—
.• , TO-DAY (SUNDAY),
TO- DAY (SUNDAY).
NEW RAILROAD WORK
"... Free to Utah
Boss here — Special railroad work, come see —
Boss here .... •••• • • •
FREE FARE TO UTAH STATE— FRED
FARE
Also Ship to
Salt Lake division. Moleen, Rokeby. Iron
Point,- Battle Mountain, Palisade, Fenelon,
Wells, Carlin, Vista. Reno. Wadsworth. Elko.
Wanted for the above places ¦•
750 teamsters. $2 25. day; 1500 laborers. $2
and $2 25; 150 car dumpers. $2 20 day; 300
concrete men, drillers and rockmen; ecraper
• holders
• SHIP DAILY FREE
Santa Fe Co.'s, works
150 laborers for section, steel ballast and ex-
tra gangs. Santa Fe Co.'s own work
ARIZONA
' 15 railroad teamsters. $2 day; camp black-
smith ..r
:..SHIP MORN AND NIGHT
R. R. WORK .
v .- FREE FARE
• CARPENTERS
MECHANICAL HELP BLACKSMITH3
4 caruenters, country, fare $1 25, long Job.
$00; S carpenters, mine company, to build
beats' and dredger. $3 day and found, free
- fare both ways, Cooper Oil Co., geod Job....
' Millwright, small sawmill, married preferred.
$50 and found; woodworker, country shop,
$3 day; 6 blacksmiths' helpers, no shoeing;
2 blacksmiths, country shop. $3 day; camp
blacksmith, city. $45 and found: 16 other
blacksmiths; 1 blacksmith, small sawmill
••".• MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman. Alameda Co , $30 and found;
coachman, see boss here, $30 and found; milk
wagon driver. Eastern man $40 and found;
10 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $30
and $40 and found; young man to drive mall
wagon, city; 4 men and wives; 10 men to
clean bricks. $125 per thousand
BOYS
10 boys to learn trades; 3 boys for planing
mill; boys for factories; boys for machine
shops; boys to learn to wait at table; bell
boys, elevator boys; choreboys for ranches
and private places
. ..Our Daily List of Jobs Ready 7 a. m...
.... AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ....
HAY & HARVEST— FARMS * DAIRIES.
70 hands for hay and harvest fields, $1 25,
$1 50 and $2 and found; 43 farmers, steady
jobs year round, $25 to $35 and found; 10
teamsters, large ranch. $30 and found; 22
choremen, city and country, $25 to $35 and
found; 27 milkers, all over California. $35
to $40 and found; budder for nursery. $52
and fd
YOU'LL SUIT ON THIS JOB
That Means You
We'll Pay Your Fare
And Shlo To-day (Sunday)
; YARDS SAWMILLS .... WOODS
847 men to work around sawmills, yards and
woods, no experience required; any willing
man can fill the bill; wages $3P to $65 & fd.
FARE PAID
EXPERIENCED MILL HELP
10 crosscut sawyers, $45 and found; 4 chain
tenders, $40 and found; setter, mill in Ari-
zona, $3 day; Jack screwers; shingle sawyer;
shingle saw flier; trimmer; drag- sawyer;
edgerman, $3 per day, see boss here; mill-
wright, see boss here
'.... MINES
LABORERS FACTORIES
15 miners, north, $75; 6 miners, south. $57
and found; 25 laborers, good mine, north, $40
to $50 and found; 10 laborers to work around
, a mine, no experience required, fare $2 50,
wages $42 and f d. ; 15 laborers, surface work,
Napa County
10 laborers, factories, city, $1 75 and 2 day;
12 laborers, factory, 10c fare, $1 50 day; 50
laborers, city Job. $2 day; 50 laborers, near
city, $60; 357 men to do laboring work in all
parts of California. $1 75. $2 to $2 60 day.
HOTELS. ETC
COOKS WAITER3
French cook, springs $50 and fd.
Chef cook, country hotel. $75, see boss here;
chef cook. cUy, $60; ranch cook, fare $1, $40;
cook for sawmill. $40 and found; second
cooks, third cooks; 17 cooks for city and
country, hotels and restaurants; waiter,
country Louvre: waiter and wife; 10 'wait-
ers, other Jobs; baker, springs, good place.
$40: 2 butchers; 3 bakers, country shops;
night cashier, city; 33 kitchen bands, pot
and dish washers, porters; young man to
learn cooking,' country
Get one of our dally lists of Jobs
BEST JOBS
BIGGEST WAGES
- AT
MURRAY & READY'S 634-636 Clay st
A FIRST-CLASS butler for city. $50; a flrst-
class coachman, country, $50; a second but-
ler. $35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st,
near Powell. .
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgobery. rm. 12.
Bell boy. $16; 2 bus men. $25; potwasher.
$25; cook. $40; waiters. $30. ¦
SALESMEN — $50 weekly and expenses' guaran-
teed selling chemical refrigerating machines
. to hotels, restaurants, butchers, etc.; cheaper
than ice; also chemical ice cream freezer,
automatic; write for territory; free sample.
Chemical Refrigerator &- Freezer Co., Sta-
tion U, Chicaco.
YOUNG man of good appearance with some
experience in photography as assistant op-
erator or printer; an opportunity to learn -
thoroughly. Elite Studio, 838 Market st.
WANTED — A bright boy who lives with bis
parents to run an electric elevator in a
wholesale house; In writing application state
age and give refs. "Elevator." box 1043. Call.
$22 A WEEK and all expenses for men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound; straight
salary. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept 04, Par-
eons; Kans.
"WANTED — Honest young man with $175 cash;
light contracting business; $70 month year
round; no experience required. BROWN,
1221 Market st
Al SHOEMAKER and saddler wanted to buy
or lease house and shop In flourlshnlg town,
150 miles from city; owner to retire on ac-
count of age. For particulars, room 6,
1141 Market st. (evenings).
$22 weekly and all expenses for men with rigs
to introduce poultry compound; straight sal.
Imperial Mfg. Co.. Dept. 64. Parsons. Kans.
SALESMAN for retail lace, embroideries and
dress trimmings; good position for man of
experience. Address G. K., box 1007, Call.
SALESMAN, experienced In the selling art
and embroidery goods, small wares and wool-
en yarns. Address O. H., box 1008. Call.
WANTED — Honest single man with $75 to
take cash and assist in restaurant: $40 mo.;
no experience. Brown. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Man with $90 to take cash and
attend cigar store; $50 month; no experience
required. BROWN & CO. 4 1221 Market st
WANTED — To seirtwo-chair barber shop and
living-room; $35; old stand; rent $6; cause
sickness. 633 Sixth st.
WANTED — Jean Costel, the laundry man, to
communicate with the proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills. Cal.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Tailoring in exchange for flrst-
, class dental work. Box 381, Call offlce.
SALESMAN to handle flrst-class cigar account
as side line; city or country. Box 1009, Call.
CABINETMAKER wanted : a flrst-class man.
The FINK & SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market.
WANTED — First-class painters at 463 Geary
street. ¦ ¦ .
NIGHT porter wanted at the New Adelaide,
014 Howard st.
BASTERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. ;
ADVERTISING solicitor. . experienced: good
opportunity for hustler. Box 1040, Call. .
WANTED — First-class painters at 463 Geary
street.'
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to $25
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phlla.
FIRST-CLASS carriage woodworker. LAR-
KINS & CO., 657 Howard st.
GOOD steady dishwasher. 1507 Market st,
near Eleventh.
METAL polisher wanted. 529 Mission st
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.:."
FIRST-CLASS hay baler. Call at 28 Sacra-
mento at. between 0 and 10 o'clock a. m.
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place, Lick
House. : .;»;: \
WANTED— Boy ' with artistic ability to learn
engraving. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 846 Market
WANTED — Good dishwasher. Capital Restau-
rant. 206 McAllister st. u
EXPERIENCED bell man; references Call
Bohemian Club, cor. Post st. and Grant ave.
TWO capable architectural draughtsmen to
trace. - Apply 18th floor, Claus Spreckels bldg.
YOUNG man with some experience at harness-
making. 718 Folsom st
WANTED — Man and wife for country hotel-
general work. 90 Third st. 9 to 11 a. m."
Monday. ¦ .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
B. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to epeak and read English. - For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce. 40 .Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced stock clerk in whole-
sale crockery house; give reference and wages
expected. Box 1016. Call. .
WANTED— A flrst-class non-union plasterer;
man with family; one who wishes to start
1 In the contracting business; - have lots of
w?&£ U V, m « : a Bood chance «<» the
right Wn. Call6 p. m. at 1243 Park st,
Alameda. . Cal. _ '
HELP WAHTgP— MAIiE-. Co».
WANTED — A young man over 16 years of age
to run elevator; one having experience run-
ning an electric elevator preferred. Apply
Monday, 7:30 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st. '
WANTED — For Honolulu, a first-class window
dresser for dry gooda. fancy goods and millin-
ery. Address box 42S6. Call office. Oakland.
»WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; 52 per day. City St Improvement Co.
WANTED— Head of department with city ex-
perience In ladies' hosiery, gloves and under-
wear. Address with references, F. box 10ii).
Call offlcp.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced young maa
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter: state experience, salary and ref.
erences. Box 213. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers nnd mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; II to $2 per week.
WANTED Bussers and polishers for brass
work. Apply Superintendent THOS. DAY
CO., 725 Mission st. . -
FEEDERS wanted for cutting and scoring
presses. TONNER, DUEHRSEN & CO.. 25
Market st '
WANTED — Head of department with city ex-
perience In cloaks and suits. Address with
references, E. box 1019, Call offlce.
WANTED — First-class wide awake solicitor for
¦ coal business; state qualifications, experience
and salary required. Box 254. Call offlce.
WANTED — Bookkeeper, general offlce work;
must have best references; good salary. Ad-
dress box 379. Call offlce.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, new furniture. In
Western Addition; bargain. DECKELMAX
BROS.'. 106 Ellis st
PANTS maker for country. Apply REI33
BROS.. 24 Sutter st _^____ >
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade,
S. P. Barber College. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty. E. A, Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post QA.B.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
BOc vp; soling 2Oc up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart st
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting! 23a
to BOc. 863 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sty.
ALL sizes men's) shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 4? Third st. near Mar-
ktt — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading- rooms; fre«
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
FI^ATS TO LET. {,
TWO sunny corner flats, with all possible con-
veniences; just being completed; 6 rooms and
basement: corner 17th and Hartford: half-
block from Market st: within 13 minutes*
ride of Golden Gate Park(Castro & 18th cars).
VUNNY flat: 1 Montgomery court, bet Broad-
way and Pacific; 4 rooms; rent $11. Apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
MODERN flat of 6 fine sunny rooms, bath.
basement, yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Far-
rell st. .
$16— SUNNY lower flat; four rooms, bath and
yard. 34 Shotwell st, near Fourteenth,
CARL St.. 256 — 7 rooms; yard and basement;
beautiful view of park.
ELEGANT 8-room flat; sunny; bonton loca-
tion: 2957 Jackson st SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st. .
EXCEPTIONAL . offer; 1 month free for a
downtown, modern flat; see 1162 Ellis st
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st ___^
SCOTT, 3% — Sunny corner flat. 7 rooms, bath;
opp. Duboce Park: marine view; $32 50.
FINE flat of seven rooms and bath; 453 Hayes
st. Inquire at 26 Turk st.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth, sunny flats; Just
completed: modern Improvements; rent rea-
sonable; convenient to Twenty- fourth and
Castro-st. cars. . ¦
FINE corner flat of 6 rooms, bath, storeroom.
1211 McAllister St., cor. Fillmore.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 13C9 Do-
lores st., near Twenty-sixth.
SIS — SUNNY upper flat. ,5 rooms and bath.
ll37 Hampstrlre st.,' near Twenty-fourth.
$12 50^ — UPPER flat of 0 rooms & bath to fam-
ily of adults only. 38S3 20th St.. nr. Church.
MCALLISTER. CS — Sunny flat of .5 rooms; new-
ly furnished.
HAYES, 1747, nr. park — Modern sunny lower
flat. 5 rms.. porcelain bath. $20; water free.
MODERN sunny flat. 4 rooms and bath. 4A
Tremont ave.. near Waller st
$20 — SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms, bath. 2033
Fifteenth st. near Market.
FLATS TO JLET-~FTJRy ISHED.
TO let— On Third St., near Howard, a furnished
house. 6 light bedrooms and kitchen; rent
only $20. Apply at 119 Third st.
NE. CORNER Lyon st. and Golden Gate ave. —
5- room sunny flat; newly furnished; also
single rooms.
FOUR-ROOM flat and piano: marine view; 34
door from Hyde-st. car. 1233 Vallejo st
$25 — 3-ROOM flat, completely furnished house*
keeping; permanent if desired. 1020 Geary.
$35 — MODERN sunny flat 7 rooms, bath, attic,
1428 Green st, near Van Ness ave.
$10 — FLAT. 2 rooms; furnished for housekeen*
Ing. 436 Jessie st.. of? Mint ave.
VALLEJO, 1608. near Van Ness are. — Fur*
nished flat. 6 rooms, bath: call In moraine
FXATSFORSAIE — FURNISHED,
228 TAYLOR— Newly furnished flat of 5 room*
. and bath, on easy terms. Call 2 to 3, 7 to 8.
516% LEAVENWORTH— Furnished flat ox t
rooms on easy terms: cheap rent.
FrRXlTCRE • FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 3 rooms for sale; very cbeaat
party going East. 1724 Clay st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $43 80. with No. t
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market,
FURNITURE and some new carpets for sala,
cheap. 300 Page st; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons, a. J. WAUGH. r. 413. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND iMATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making ov«y
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS..
411 and 413 Powell st: teL Bush 421.
GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff On* Dollar Glor«; yon wlU
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ar«c
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken. all-purpos«
horses. Including four well- matched - teams*
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Hora« Ex-
change. 246 Third st. .
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
Ua.ni,. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — 1000 stock cattle In lots to suit; high-
grade Durham Hereford bulls always oa
hand. ROCHE & BRYAN. 234 Montgomery.
AUCTION Sale — iO head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKEfi,
Stockton. STEWART'S Horse Market, Mon-
day, June 16, 11 a: m.
FOR sale — Large work horses, one top buggy.
3 single wagons, $20 to $30 each: also on*
large furniture or mill wagon with roller.
3972 Twenty-flfth st.. near Sanchex.
ADJUSTABLE seat trap; cost $300: good as
new; physician's top and wire wheel bike;
cheap. O" BRIEF'S. Q. Q. ave. and Polk st
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station;
San Mateo electric cars stop at place.
JOSEPH LEIPSIC. f.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Hors»
Exchange. 24C Third st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesrard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old;
drives single- or double. 623 Grove st.
FOR sale — Fine canopy top surry and one open
surrey at Nucleus Stable. 185 Stevenson st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagon3 buckboard. sur-
rey.harness work. driving horses. l5th&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. C£2 Mission st.
ALIADIO CSEAM CUEjESE.^
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream:
easily digested; a dinner however plain 1»
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by tha
leading grocers delicatessen stores and mar-
ket*, or P. ALLADIO. mfr., 1208 fluttar »UTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SAXB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. . ! ~~
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$51.000 — Rents $415 per month; 7 newly con-
structed and elegantly appointed flats-
near Sutter and Hyde sts.; large lot.
$37,500 — Rents '$230 per month; Ellis et near
Taylor; substantial building 'of 36
rooms, under lease. . . r
$27,500— Southwest corner Pine and Mason
hSiUTSsferWT:^ <* «*»«»«*
$21,500— Rents $152 50 per month; choice corner
on McAllister st.; new Improvements
consist of 5 flats of 5. C. 7 rooms and
l^ eacn: ele eantly finished; 37:(Sx
80:10.
$16,500— Rents *9S 50 per month; Ellis st. near
Hyde; 3 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and
t,. h ea^ : 2< _ :l0 **7:6: this property
. « «~. ~ lU f* 1 ""'* enhance Ir value.
$10,000— Rents $303 i* r month; McAllister st ;
3 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
•. ftA «« ch: i" 8 * com Pleted; 25x137:6
$10.000— Rents $92 50 p«r month; Masonic ave.-
3 newly completed flats of 7-6 rooms
£? ,/J b o * fcch: substantially built;
$10,000— Rents $95 per month; McAllister st..
near Octavia; good Improvements, con-
bist of 2 houses of 9 rooms and bath
each and cottage on rear street; stead-
\ ] y rented: brick foundation; 27:(Jx
120; two frontages
f.,150 — Rents $45 per month; near 4th and
Stockton and Market sts. ; good im-
provements; consist of store and dwell-
ing; this property is bound to *n-
hance.
$5,000— Rents $4S per month: near 6th and
Howard sts.; 5 well-built flats of 4
_i ___ rooms each; steadily rented; 37:6xS0.
$4.000— Rents $33 per month; Green St.; 2
substantial bay-window flats of 7-6
rooms and bath *ach; 31:0x125; must
.. ««. ** 8old by'order of the bank.
$3,600— Rents $27 ptr month which is low;
- Natoma st., near Sixth; 2 good flats
of 5-6 rooms each; 6teadily rented;
25xS0; must sell; make offer.
$3,400 — Post-Kt. corner; good improvements,
consist of store and 2 rooms and cot-
t&s* of 4 rooms adjoining; 30x37:6:
must be sold by order of the bank.
$3,100 — Warm b«lt of the Mission; modern
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, conservatory, stable and car-
riage house in rear; 50x90.
$3,000 — Rents $26 per month; Hayes St.; 3
Cats of 4-5 rooms.
Call or write for our ••Real Estate Record."
containing a list of properties for sale In all
parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Ob investment, residence and unimproved
rroperties, at our salesroom Monday, June
16, 1902. at 12 o'clock noon.
BRIDGET MAGUIRE ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
J6S-10-12 Grove st. and 221-223 Birch ave.,
near Van Ness ave.; good Improvements.
consist of 3 three-story houses of 8-11 rooms
and bath each, and 4 flats of 4-5 rooms each
on Birch ave.; rents $170 per month; lot 55
xl20, 2 frontages; subject to confirmation; by
Superior Court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
By Order of the Verein Eintract.
1516-I53S Folsom st. north line, between illh
and 12th sts.: splendid improvements con-
sist cf 4 rtores of 4 rooms each and 8 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each, all In perfect or-
der and steadily rented. Rents $232 ptr
month, which are low and can readily be
increased; lot 100x90.
BRYANT ST. INVESTMENT.
714 Bryant st. and S6 Madison ave., between
Sth and 6th sts.; improvements consist of 3
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each, and 2 cot-
tages cf 4 rooms each: rents $90 per month;
lot 22:6x137:6; 2 frontaces.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
29-31 -03-35 Biedeman St., southwest corner
O'Farrell st.. between Scott and Devisadero
ets. ; improvements consist of 4 flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; rents $50 per month;
always rented: lot 45x60.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1910 Vallejo st., north line, between Octavla
and Laguna rts.; bay-window residence of 7
rooms and bath, servant's room, etc.; brick
foundation, stone walks, nicely situated and
cornaianfiing _> marine view; lot 24:3x125.
OAK ST. FLATS.
S39-941 Oak St.. between Pierce and Scott sts.;
good building, contains 2 flats of 6-6 rooms
and bath each; rents $t7 50 per month; 25
_137:6.
PERRY ST. INVESTMENT.
21 Perry St., off Third St.. between Harrison
end Bryant sts., 2 flats of 4-5 rooms each;
rents $20 per month; lot 25x75.
MISSION COTTAGE.
117 Jersey St.. between Church and Sanchez.
24th and 20th sts. ; cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, stable, etc.; lot 5Oxll4.
W. WAIN WRIGHT ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The two following properties will be offered
to clos* the above estate. Subject to con-
firmation by the Court.
No. 1.
88th ave.. «st ltnt, between . "V*- and- "W"
fts. : 25x130; being portion of Outside Land
Block 229.
No. 2.
Lot 6. block "E," Peralta Heights, Oakland.
Alameda Co.
For c&talouge and further particulars, ap-
ply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
HAWKS & EKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
1 12,500— Fine investment: O'Farrell et.; 3 up-
to-date flats. 7- rooms each; rents $1110 per an-
r.um : lot 27x137.
$14.000 — Lot on Dramm St.. near Market,
22:11x70; only $610 per foot; new building go-
Ing up adjoining and another close by; will pay
well to injf>ro*-e.
S_t>00 — Pays big interest; $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe St.. near Third and Brannan; in gool
repair.
$2500 — North slae Sutter st.. between Baker
end Lycn; good house. 7 rooms and bath.
$10.000 — Large corner lot. Twelfth ave. and
B St., between park and Point Lobos ave.;
eood investment.
$iOco — Lot on Leavenworth St., near Green;
80x60; close to Hyde or Union st. cars; special-
ly sunny exposure.
tigoG — Lot on Chertnut st.. near Stockton;
€fc:0xl3?; street accepted; will pay well to im-
prove; will divide in three lots if desired.
$6500 — Let E. side Jackson St., near Walnut:
60x100; near cars end Presidio.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 223 Montgomery st.
R. D. CRANSTON &. SONS, 114 Montgomery st.
$2.OuC — Cottape, 6 rooms; Laguna »t. ; cheap.
ii.oC'O — Cottage, 7 rooms; mortgage $3000 can
rem-tn; large lot. 25x114.
$4,000 — Geary, nr. Fillmore; 7-room residence.
$5.000 — 2-stx<ry house of S rooms, near Park.
$5,6CU — S-room residence; nortb side Fultoa
St.; lot 25x137:6. ¦ *
I3.0C0— 2 flats; rents $2SS; Pierce st.
$4,000 — 2 flats; rents $37 60.
$5,500— Rents $540; 2 flats; $1000 cash, rent
cays balance.
$7,600 — 6 and 7 rooms; rentB $810.
$14,500 — 3 new flats of 8 rooms; rents $1560;
key lot. 25x127 :S%.
fl.600 — Lot 30xSS; fine view; offer wanted.
$1,700 — Sacramento St.; lot 25x107:7},-
(2,100 — Near Fillmore st.. north side; marine
view; 27:Bxl00.
$2.25O— North side Fulton St.; 25x127:6.
$6,000 — Northeast cor. on Halght st., 30x112:6;
cement eide walks ; bltumlnized streets.
$7,500 — bOxlOO; corner In Panhandle.
CHEAP HOMES AND LOTS
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
$700 for a neat 4-room cottage and lot near
Oortland ave.. on monthly payments of $7 50.
$65& — Pour-room cottage and level lot near
Cortland ave. ; payments of $7 50 monthly.
$15 a. month buys a new 4-room cottage and
level lot; street work done; cottage contains
latest improvements; only 3 blocks from Mis-
sion et.
$20 a month buys a 5-room cottage; lot 25x
114; graded and sewered, and only one block
from 22d-et. cars.
Building lots on $5 monthly payments near
22d.-st. electric cars, Potrero, Sunset Heights
and Richmond.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
JORDAN & LANE, Real Estate Agents.
116 Montgomery street.
Rents collected: full charge taken of property.
$3750 — Lot 36x120; 2 flats, « rooms each, on
W, line 6o. Broderick, near 24th.
$8100—65x137:6; N. line Hayes, nr. Fillmore.
$3500— Lot 05x165; Stanton and View ave.,
near Douglacs.
$.1500 — 2 flats. Florida St., near 24th.
$2900 — 30x110; Lombard St., cor. Webster.
$7500 — 4 flats: Sacramento, W. Central ave.
JORDAN & LANE. 116 Montgomery st.
TOR Sale — As a whole or in subdivisions. 60-
vara lot, south line Union st.; 137 :tf feet east
of Pierce. Let, northeast corner Green a.nd
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:6 feet. Inaulre of.
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Reel .Estate Broker.
324 Montromery st.
NEW flats in the choicest residence district of
the Mission warm belt; San Jose ave., bet.
24th and 25th; pays 1 per cent on Investment.
H. FJSIGE. builder. 1068 Capp st.
FOR eaJe — Elegant new up-to-date flats of 5
and H rooms on Carl St., bet. Stanyan and
Willard. Apply to P. J. DONAHUE, builder.
1 to 4, Sunday. ., .-f-.*r-
A SACRIFICE — House 8 rooms, $1400; terms
same as paying rent. Apply SE. corner Ala-
bama and Moiitcalm sts.
XEAT cottage. 3 rooms. $800; terms same as
paying rest. Apply EE. corner Alabama and
Montcalm sts.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and basement; bargain.
Apply 1027 De Hara; Sunday or week days
after 5 y. m. -
$C50 — CHEAPEST lots In the city; street sew-
#:red and graded. Corker Vermont and 18th.
FOK sale — 1 or 2 lots south side of Hayes
St.. 1 block from park; price on lots.
LOT 17th ave.. next to Fulton st- THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., C46 Markrt mU • •
REAL ESTATE- — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE &* CO.. 638 Market st.
, AUCTION.- .-." „¦':.' ,'
AUCTION.
. . AUCTION.
At our salesroom, 638 Market street.
_„ „' at 12 o'clock noon.
TUESDAY JUNE 17
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
South side (Nos. 433 to 435) Grove st., 25
feet east of Octavla; three flats. 5, 8, 6 rooms
and bath, renting for SU28 per annum; lot 25
x60 feet. .
*TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Southeast side (No. 263) Perry St., 75 feet
east of Fifth; five well built flats of 5 and 4
rooms, In good condition, renting for $600 per
annum; lot 26xS0 feet.
BRANNAN-STREET BUSINESS PROP-
• ERTY.
Southeast side (Nos. 4C9 to 4O9B) Brannan
6t., 75 feet southwest of Third; modern two-
story building, containing store and two flats
of B. e rooms and . bath each ; rents $65 per
month; lar« lot, 30:8x75 feet.
FELL-STREET RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 525) Fell st., 85 feet west
of Laguna; a substantial well built residence
of 0 rooms and bath, renting for $30 per
month: large double frontage lot. 25x120 feet,
through to Hickory ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 2712-2712%) Bush St., 175
feet west of Broderick; 2 flats, 5-6 rooms and
bath, en the sunny side of street; rents $540
per annum; lot 25x137:6 feet.
CALIFORNIA-STREET BUILDING LOT.
North side of California St., 181:3 feet west
of Baker; an elegant level building lot in one
of the choicest parts of the city; lot 25x
127:854 feet. •' ¦ .
BUSH-STREET HOME.
North side (No. 2714) Bush street. 200 feet
west of Broderick; a pretty cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, with large basement, in excellent
condition; lot 25x137:6 feet.
FILLMORE-STREET BUILDING LOT.
East side of Fillmore St.. 24 feet south of
w alter; a fine level lot. with street work all
done, and ready for building; lot 24x81:3 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
West line of Noe st.. 225 feet south of
Eighteenth; three fine building lots In the
Mission Warm Belt; lots 25x125 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
East line of Paris ave., 91:8 feet north of
Amazon ave.: situate In block 23 of Excelsior
Homestead; lots each 25x100 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
«3S MARKET STREET.
$12,500— Make offer: north side of California
St., near'. Hyde; store and 2 residences;
rents $792 per annum; lot 40 feet front.
52,750 — Two-Etory house. 8 rooms and bath, on
Lyon St., near Sutter; lot 25x119:6
feet; owner wishes to go East and
want* a quick eale.
$9,000 — Two modern, well-built houses of .8-9
rooms and bath ; on Bush st. ; near
Laguna; lot 37:6x137:0 feet; rents
$900 per annum.
Pays over 13 per cent per annum: 7
flats of 4-3 rooms and bath; reduced
from $6000 for immediate sale; price
$5250; well built and in first-class con-
dition: always rented; near Seventh
and Harrison; lot ."iiixSO feet.
$7,500 — Make offer; must be sold to close an
estate; north side of Folsom St., op-
posite Columbia square, between 6th
and 7th 6ts. ; well built three-story
building containing store and flats;
rents $840 per annum; lot 25x75, 13
alone worth the money.
$3,000 each; three well built houses of 7-8
rooms each; on Folsom St.. near 25th;
brick foundation; lots 25x115 feet each
to a rear street; houses could be eas-
ily converted into flats.
$7,500— Fine lot on Stevenson St., near 6th;
present Improvements rent for $41 per
month; lot 25x70 feet.
$11,500— Two flats of 7-4 rooms; rents $48; cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; rents $17.
and vacant lot R3x89:6 on a northwest
corner on Church st. ; the improve-
ments are modern and in 'first-class
condition; size of entire lot 7Sxll7:6
feet. . :
$6,000 — Up to date modern residence 10 rooms,
bath, butler's pantry, . etc.: on the
north side of Clay et.. near Buchanan;
fine lot. 27x127 :8»i feet.
PROBATE SALE OF LOTS.
$4,250—-Corner on Sanchez St.. near 18th; lot
64:2x104 feet. • • ...
$2,500 — Northwest corner on Lombard st..
near Fillmore. 33:6x120.
$2 250 — Choice lot on Green st., near Fill-
more, 32:6x137 1« feet.'- j* ~. •t--' -
$2,000— Dolores near 18th; 29x110 feet.
$1 700 — Key lot on Green St., near Steiner,
27:6x137:6 feet.
$1300 — North eide of Lombard Et., near Web-
ster. 26.X120 feet.
11500 Cole* st.. near Carl, 25x137:6 feet.
*' EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO..
038 Market St.
BURNHAM * MAR M SH N Ca, MERY street
$8000— Brick business property! 3-story brick
building in wholesale location; rent $80 month.
HERE'S A SNAP.
$1R500 Large corner on Howard St.. near
6th- 3-story building which alone cost the
money; present rent $100 clear; formerly rented
for $175 a month.
PAIR OF ELEOANT FLATS.
$8500 — Rent $70 a month; on Ashbury St.,
few feet from Golden Gate Park.
DON'T MISS THIS!
$5500— Rent $60 50 a month; business prop-
erty, store and flat; close to 4th and Folsom
sts. ; Bame tenant for 6 years.
CHOICE GROCERY CORNER.
Fine Future Location.
$8000 — Present rent $10; new building, etore
and flat: rent will soon increase to $90 a month;
one tenant.
MAKE AN OFFER!
$9000— Rent $64; let 60x125; on Geary st,
with. 2 frontages: only half lot Improved; must
sell; no reasonable offer refused. -
CHEAP HOME.
$4000 — For lot and 2-story house facing Ham-
ilton Square; this is a *nap.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
$10,500 — Modern 2-story corner residence of
12 rooms and bath and stable; best part of
Jackson st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to $1000 — Graded Sunset lots; $16
monthly. '
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard lots; $3
monthly.
$400 to $800 — Richmond lots; all bargains.
Sunset Branch Office — Ninth ave., near'H st.
$160 AND $250 EACH,
Don't tnlsu seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mlssion-st. electric cars.
Level; no grading; Spring • Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st. and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000. $1500 to $3000 — Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
• Room 54, Chronicle building.
$5 A MOXTH. ~ ~~~
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
Are in the
SANTA FE TRACT;
All level; streets graded.
All streets wide;
:. No narrow streets.
TERMINUS SANTA FE R. R
Standard Oil Co. $3,000,000 Refinery
New Southern Pacific Terminus.
McEWEN BROTHERS, 118 Montgomery st.
SOLE AGENTS.
$0500— FLATS in fine order; paying srood in-
terest; one-half block from car; all light
and sunny; 16th st.,' near Castro
$S50 — Offer wanted; nice building lot on 12th
ave., near California nt.
$175— $10 cash, $5 monthly; cheap lot in the
Richmond district on 35th ave., near A
St.; 25x120.
$275 — $10 cash, $5; 27th ave., near Clement st.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
C. L. QUAST 11 Montgomery et.
$18,600— Mlesion-st. business property, near
.«th; rood future.- !.-.«
$10,600 — Jessle-st. flats, close to 6th; always
rented ' ,' , ¦ •,« " •--.,-
$15,000 — Fine larsre lot. 60x125. with improve-
ments; Mission st.. near 22d. .
$8,000 — Folsom-st. Investment, between Cth
and 7th; store and flats.
$10,500 — Lyon-st. flats, near McAllister; new;
key lot; rents $95. •. ; . -.
$1650 — I rooms and. bath: cottage: finished at-
tic, basement etc. ; $200 cash, balance same
as rent. Wisconsin st.; near 25th; only a
. short distance from 24th-st electric cars.
$1G,000 — 3 MODERN, elcrant Sutter-st. flats.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. (H6 Market st. '
REAL_ ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE*; ~ ~y^~- ~
.. • (Established January. 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St., opposite Lick
. ; ... . • • , ¦ , ' House.
MISSION ST.— INSIDE.
$26,000 — Business blcV. stores and flats; pay-
Ing large steady income; 80x100.
.. INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — O'Farrell St.. near Polk; large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this is an Improv-
ing location.
_ HOWARD STREET.
$8000-r-Very cheap: store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & 11th,
MARKET-ST. CORNER. '
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot, intersection of
Ridley st.. 99 feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$11,000— Green St., near Fillmore; large, well-
built residence; 14. rooms, bath 'all' modern;
lot 33x137:6.
Flats renting for $26; on Seventeenth st., nr.
Castro; lot 25x100; price- $3500.
$5000 — San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth St.;
flats and store; rents $52; lot 86x81.
$2000— Nice cottage home on Ninete«nth st.,
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
$5000 — Turk st., near Steiner; good 8-room
houte, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
. yard. • . . .- •
$7250 — 23d-st. residence; corner; near. Sau-
chez; 37:9x65; contains 8 rooms and bath.
LOTS.
Only $S0O0 — 100x125; east line Castro st., be-
tweeen 17th and 18th: cheapest lots in this lo-
cation; street work all done; Market-st. car
system passes.
$3000— Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to Improve.
.$2750 — Hayes St.; north line, near Central
ave.; 25x137:6.
$2500— McAllister St., near Lyon; 25x137:6. .
$1250 — Twenty-second st., near Florida, 2ax
104 v
$S0O— 2d ave., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$2500— Steiner st., near Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
•end Point Lobos ave.; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600, on easy terms if desired.'- •
' • ' « : . MADISON & BURKE,
¦ ¦ 30 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
«24 MARKET STREET.
$14,000— California st., Nob Hill: fine lot,
•52:0 ft., near Taylor Et. ; beautiful site for
residence.
$19,000 — Eddy St.. downtown; 3 elegant new
flats renting for $122 50 per month; lot 34:4^
xl20 ft. ; these are choice flats and finely lo-
• cated.
. $70C0 — Vandewater st., near Powell; room-
ing-house and cottage in rear, renting for $70
¦ per month; lot 6S:9x60 feet. ' v
$18,500—3 modern flats on Geary st., north
side, close to Jones; rents $140 per month.
$8000 — An elegant Baker-st. residence con-
taining 9 rooms and bath; close to Panhandle.
$47,000 — Six strictly up-to-date flats, east
of Van Ness ave.. north of Market st. ; lot
50x120 ft.; rents $330 per month.
$45,000— Lot 37:6xl37:« ft., close to Union
Square and Pacific Union Club.
$12,000 — Post St., near Laguna; 2 modern
up-to-date flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
cement foundation; lot 25:10x120 ft.; rents
?S0 per month.
$24,000— Front St., near California; good
substantial two-story and . basement brick
building; lot 22:llx97UJ ft.; rents$125 per
month.
• $5650 — Fine 2-story residence containing 8
rooms and bath: lot 25x122:6 ft.; rents $33
per month; Howard St., near Seventeenth.
$6000 — Buchanan st.,' near Post; 2-story
residence containing 7 rooms and bath; lot
24xS7:0 ft.; rent $35 per month.
$6500— Sutter St., close to Broderick; 2
choice flats containing 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; lot -25x110 ft.; rents $47 50 per month.
$7000— Post st., near Baker; 3 flats of 5
and « rooms and bath; lot 27:6x110 ft.; rents
$70 j>er month.
$12,000 — Washington st., north side, near
Steiner: an elegant 2-story residence, contain-
ing 9 rooms and bath, in finest condition; key
lot, size 47:6x02:4 ft.
$10,500— Turk et., near FHlmore; 2 beau-
tiful fiats; rems $05; 5 and « rooms and bath;
brand new; lot 45x137:6 ft.; flats are built on
22 :« ft., neaving 22 :« feet to build more flats
if required.
SPECK & CO., 607 Market st., opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent collectors.
Full charge taken of property for Absentee
Owners.
Investments, $2500 to ?875,00O. '
Residences, $2000 to $150,000.
Unimproved property In all parts of the city.
$102,500— Grant ave., close to Market st. • 50 ft.
frontage; very substantial brick build-
ins.
I $70,000 — One-third block from Market st. and
close to Hlbernla Bank; stores and
lodging-house; lot 72x77 ft.
$67,600 — Brick building; stores and offices- lot
70x108 feet; 2 frontages; rents $5f5.
$50,000— O'Farrell-st. corner. Inside of Larkin;
76x77:6 feet: rents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain.
$35,000— McAlllster-st. corner. 85x98; good im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
gunaj
$35,000- r Sansome-st. corner; 70x130 feet; rents
$257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats: building cent $25,000; iot 6S:i)x
71; rents $2450 per year
$30,000— Geary «st., near Jones; fine Improve-
ments: rent $185.
$22,500— North Beach gore corner. 75x110 feef
stores and flats; rents $215-
$18,000— Ellis et.. near Larkin; 2-'frontages-
rents $140. •
$12,500 — Three fine new flats; block from Park
Panhandle; rents $112 50
$10,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage-
half of property Improved; a chean
buy.
LOTS.
$250— Lot 25x114 feet, near Castro and 27th-
must sell. '
$1,300— Golden Gate ave., north side; lot 25x
110 feet.
$8,000 — Octavia-st. corner; unsurpassed ma-
. rlne view; 5Oxt23 feet.
$45,000— Sutter st.. 50 ft. frontage; close to the
¦ Lace House. •
SPECK- & CO.. 667 Market' st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
Cheapest lot In Presidio Heights; Clay st
between Maple and Cherry; size 25x102:8- price
reduced to 51700.
Modern flats— Three fine swell flata In Pan-
handle; 7 rooms and bath each; rent $100- lot
25x137:0; price $11,000.
Only $4000 — New house oi 7 rooms and bath
on College Heights; picturesque location; flno
view and sheltered from winds and fog; lot
28x150; quick ta'-e wanted.
A fine investment— Splendid private hotel;
105 rooms and large corner lot, downtown; rent
$600 monthly; this property Is owned by an
estate and the heirg are very anxious to sell-
price $90,000.
Cheap cottage — Near 12th and Harrison sts. ;
5 rooms; needs some repairing; only $1000.
Marine view lot — On Pacific Heights; 63 -i«
137:0 feet: $175 per foot; cheaper than any-
thing else offered in the vicinity.'
Ashbury st. : large lot, 37xflO feet: cars pass;
price $1500; no reasonable offer refused; mako
.an offer.
New flats— This side of Van Ness ave.; 5 and
6 rooms; rent $57 50; price only $CQ0O.
Bernal Heights — Cheapest lots In town; price
$200; must self.
Send for our plats of lots In all carts of
town. . McAFKK BROTHERS,
108 Montromery st.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM... .REAL ESTATE*
26 Montgomery St., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$50,000 — Fine 87:6 feet . Turk-st. corner; well
In; modern building; will pay big.
$43,500 — Cor. 60-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, "flats,
'" ¦ etc.' ¦ (••¦ •
$10.000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 60-ft. front;
EUitable for physician.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park: grand view; rents $105.
52,375 — Cheap: north side Clay St.. near Lvon;
_» ¦ fine adjoining lot. 27:fixlO0, for S3000.
. Houses— sunskt heights— lots.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand;- cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 20 Montgomery; room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
A STYLISH RESIDENCE. ~~~
Just completed. 30-ft. lot. 10 rooms and bath-
on-principal floor is a large living hall (nat-
. ural finish beam celling, panel walls), -recep-
• tion room, dining-room (finished In oak, with
- elegant built-in sideboard), kitchen and culi-
nary appurtenances; chambers in dainty
¦ French effects on second floor and attic; in
basement is servant's room, laundry, etc.;
sun In every room; marble steps; built-in set-
tee; plate glass windows; swell and up-to-
date In everything: terms to suit. E -N
:•. FRITZ. Ashbury. st., 70 ft. south of Freder-
...ick: .take Haigbt or Ellis, , transfer to Ma-
sonlc ave. ¦ .-
HOTEL SITE. . ,. •
Beautiful location for a summer and winter
resort; we offer for sale five acres of land in
sunny Mill Valley, Cal.. within 2 minutes'
walk of Mill Valley depot.- For particulars
call or address McAFKE BROTHERS,
¦ 108 Montgomery st.
$lf!.OCO — 3 MODKRN. elegant Sutter-st. flats.
. THE MCCARTHY CO.; 640 Market st. *
REAL ESTATES—CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &~CcT7~ W ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
- 218-220 Montsomery st.
LOTS AT BARGAIN PRICES,
$1500 to $2000; block bounded by Post, Brod-
erick and Geary sts.; 25x137:6 ft. each;.cor-
. ners at silent increase. .
' TERMS.
$2,700— $600 cash, balance $22 50 per month;
- best part of Mission; 8-roomed cottage;
large lot, 50x114 ft.; splendid value.
$2,500-!Vallejo St.. near Pierce. N line; marine
view; lot 25xlUO ft.
MAKE OFFER— Steiner st., near Sacramen-
to; good dwelling, 8 rooms and bath?
lot 25x118:0 ft.: rents $30.
NEW FLATS.
$9,000 — Sacramento. St., N line, near Laurel; 2
i beautiful flats, just finished; rents $75;
0,7. rooms and bath; lot 25x100 ft. . .
$3,500 — Harrison st., near Seventh: 3-story
frame building; rents $35; lot 20xU0 ft.
to rear street; mortgage $1000 can re-
main; a bargain. •¦
$11,000— McAllister et., near Fillmore: store
and two floors above: two tenants;
rent $S5 ; lot 25x100 ft.; $6000 cash
and balance 6 per cent will buy this;
inquire at once.
$7,000 — Union at., near Broderick: marine
view; flats just built, U-7 rooms; rent
$50; lot 27:0x137:0 ft.
$14,000 — Laguna-at. corner, near Vallejo; grand
marine view; 12 -rooms, bath; lot 28x
' 107 ft. and all modern Improvements;
»« „„ a bargain. ' ". ' •
$9,000— Sutter st.. near Devisadero: lot 57:3x
114 feet, with larze old-fashioned resi-
_ ." dence and • stable; cheaD.
$5,C00 — Church at., nr. 16th; three cottages;
_ rent $37: lot 50x100:3 feet.
$J,000 — Clay it., near Lyon; key lot; ready
n to build on: 27:0x100 feet; a bargain.
iS.oOO — Washington st., near Cherry; grand
marine view: lot 35x118 feet; a posi-
tive bargain.
$0,750— Leavenworth st. near Broadway; four
2-story houses in jcood condition; rents
$54: lot 80x60 feet. • '
$4,<5O— Clay st.. near FHlmore; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
102:8%; best section in the Western
Addition.
$2,500 each— Dolores St., near 15th: lots
*o K rw, r Jx<J5 feet each: ready to build on.
$-5,000— Mission St., near Sth; lot 89x160 feet
to rear street: imDrovements brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
fine Investment.- '
$6,500— HaiKbt «t., near Pierce: fine resldenca
of 10 rooms and bath; owner would
stay as tenant at $45 per month on a
•i «„„ lease; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$1,200— One-half of outside land block; 212x
240 feet, irregular; a bargain for an
investor.
$2,800— Folsom St., near 15th; lot- 25x122.06
feet; a barsafn.
$J,000 — Hayes st.. nr. Webster; a fine build-
Ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
lor sale,
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S-220 Montgomery st., Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
J7 81 -
?7,000 — Rents $54; 4 houses of 5 rooms and
bath each; large lot 80x60; bank mort-
gage of $4000 can. remain.
««*™ POWELL-ST. BARGAIN.
r>?£°°~ Rents * 47 30: a fIat s near Bush st.
f«^^ IC T HEI( 3HTS CORNER RESIDENCE,
wo.uuu — Large handsome corner residence on
best part of the Heights; large lot;
every room sunny.
«•>«««« RUSSIAN HILL MANSION.
5J0.000 — Klegant residence of 18 rooms etc.;
full 50-vara on NW. corner: particu-
lars and permit to inspect at office.
«ii r^P^ 10 ] 0 HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$1J,000— Handsome home of 9 rooms and large
reception hall;- rooms in attic can be
finished; larse lot, 32x127:8.
BEAUTIFUL CLARENDON HEIGHTS
HOME.
j $11,000 — Grand two-story and basement resl-
j • d«ice of S rooms and porceiain bath;
¦ servants' rooms, wineroom, etc., in
basement; grounds splendidly laid out
in lawn and flowers; grand view; lot
75x106:3. .
HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
$5,000— Lot 5Cx75. with coal yard, house and
stable; rents $30; lot alone worth $7500.
WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,500— 'Rents $115; tenants pay water; 3 new
. flats. 7 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
xlOO.
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
IDENCE. >
$30,000 — Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
latest appointments; only just com-
pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
ticulars at office.
CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
$2,750— Corner of California st. and 4th ave.;
« 1x1 00; a man.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
$7,000 — Rents $822 per annum; 4 flats of 3
and 4 rooms and bath each; always
rented: lot 32:7x137:6.
FILLMORE STREET INVESTMENT.
¦ ¦¦•-$6,600 — Rents $3Wper annum; 3 houses; "lot
48x81:3.
FINE SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY.
$40,000 — Rents S225, can be increased: lot 77x
75, covered with 3-story buildings: 5
stores and 6 fiats: make offer.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$15,000 — 45:10x137:6, on Fremont, near Fol-
som; renting at prerent for $75.
SACRAMENTO-STREET COTTAGE.
$S,T0O — North eide. near Devisadero; lot '27:0
x 127:8; cottage and basement; 7 rooms
and porcela'n bath.
FINE LOCATION FOR FLATS.
$4,100 — California, north side, near Broderick;
32:6x77:7; very cheap.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS.
$13,000— Rents $112 50; 3 beautiful flats on Bu-
chanan, near Sutter; all latest Im-
provements.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2,700 — 24th et.. north side, near Castro: pret--
ty cottage of 5 rooms and bath: high
brick basement: newly painted and
papered: let 25x114.
SPECULATORS' OPPORTUNITY.
$2,500— Half 50-vara, 08:0x137:6; only ope
block from North' Beach water front.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
LYON & HOAG 116 Montgomery street
INVESTMENT PAYING 15 PER CENT.
$12,000 — Corner on Pacific St., east of Taylor;
big lot, C8 feet frontage; improvements
consist of 4 frame buildings, contain-
ing 4 stores and 12 flats; while the
Improvements are old they are in ex-
cellent condition; brick foundation; tin
roofs; latest sanitary plumbing; this
property Is always rented and is one
of the best buys on the market.
$3,250 — Two fine flats; near 18th and Castro;
4 and 5 rooms and bath; rent $31; big
lot; a bargain.
$4,650— Rent $45; 4 flats. 4 and 5 rooms each;
near 12th and Folsom; lot 60x75.
$12,500 — Rents $125;- not far from Mechanics'
Pavilion; 2 splendid buildings; flats all
rented; large lot: fronts on two streets.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$2,500— Worth $3T>00; rent $23; 2 bay-window
flats, containing 5 and 0 rooms, baths,
etc.; brick foundation: on Duncan str^
near Dolores; lot 25x114 feet; only one
block from Guerrero-st. cars.
$6,250 — Page-st. residence, near Scott; modern
2-story house of 0 rooms, bath and
basement; lot 25x137:6; new plumbing,
etc.; house Is good as new; a bargain.
$6,000— Beat flats In Western Addition for the
money; 2 nice flats on Clayton st. ; lot
25x125; rent $50; should be increased
A NEW COTTAGE.
$1,700— $250 cash, balance monthly; Missis-
sippi, near 25th: 4!r0oms and bath; 2
unfinished rooms In attic; close to
Union Iron Works; nice healthy loca-
NE°W HOUSE AT A BARGAIN. '
¦ $2,750 — 10th ave.. 2 blocks south of the Park;
contains 6 large sunny rooms, bath and
basement; charming location; $300
cash, balance $H0 monthly.
$10,000— Rents $100; fine Stelner-st. corner; 2
brand new flats, containing 7 and' 10
rooms, bath, etc. (i each; good location:
both streets accepted; an exceptional
¦ ' opportunity.
$7,000 — Rent $70; a new flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each, in the Panhandle Dis-
trict; large lqt; cheapest flats in the
district. i
$4,500— Fulton St., near Buchanan; 3 flats; rent
$33 50; this is a cheap piece of prop-
"..erty;. close to town. ;
We publish a monthly list containing full
. description of both Improved and unimproved
property for sale in all sections of the city
which we will cheerfully send to you. '
LYON & HOAG, 116 -Montgomery st.
E. H. LANGE & CO.,
26 Montgomery st., room 23
$51,000 — Mission St., near 6th; old Improve-
ments: lot 50x100 to rear street
$19,000 — Howard-st. corner, nr. 18th; partly
improved; lot 00x122 :«; rent $100 per
month. ¦ .
$ll,C00— Fell St., nr. Fillmore, north side- two
elegant flats, 7 rooms and bath 'each-
lot 25x137:6: rent $75 per month.
$17,500— McAllister st., nr. Pierce; 3 modern
new flats, 0, 7- and 8 rooms and bath-
rent $150 monthly; lot 25xloO
$7,000— Northwest corner of Fell and Fillmore
sts.; lot 31:3x100; desirable corner
$4,000— Market St., nr. Castro;. lot 25x123 '
$5,000— Northeast corner of .Stanyan and' Carl
. sts.; lot 25x125.
$5,000 — Northwest corner of Cole and Carl sts'.;
$1,800— Carl st.; lots 25x137:6; street b'itumln-
ized. .
E. H. LANGE & *CO.
26 Montcomery st., room 23.
LOT 17th ave.. next to Fulton et. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 046 Market st.
$2200 — Cottage: 7 rooms, worth $2750; Mission-
¦ fine st. ;high basement ;garden.' Box 1047, Call.
$8000— 3 FLATS; Fell St. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 640 Market st.
• • • ¦ - • ' ¦
RE AL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
NELSON, JOHNSON~&"co] — -~~-— — ~
¦ - 205. Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
A FEW SNAPS.
IN BIG PAYING INVESTMENTS.
$2,500^-Rents $336; never Idle; two flats, 5
and 6 rooms, near Fifth St.; $1300
bank mortgage can remain; 6 per cent.
$6,250— Rents $750; never idle; three flats, 6.
6, 5 rooms; good condition; lot 25x120;
Mission warm belt.
$13,000 — Rents $1230;i main business street. 3
blocks north of Market; lot 25x120; two
frontares.
$8,000— Rents $10S0; new modern building,
store and 2 flats; near 17th st.
$2,750— Rents $330; three attractive flats;
never idle: $1250 bank mortgage can
remain at 6 per cent.
$0,250 — Rents $804; four new modern flats,
% close to Park Panhandle, 1 block Irom
• Haieht-st. cars.
$5,250— Rents $624; three handsome well built
¦ flats, 6 rooms and bath; cost $6800 to
build; near Fourth st.
$21,000— Elegant northeast corner building con-
taining store and three flats; lot 30x
105; one of the choicest business cor-
ners in the Western Addition; rents
$1740; every modern improvement. .
$5,500 — Just below the new Postofflce on 7th
St.; store and two floors above; rents
' $C60; lot 25x85; $2700 bank mortgage
* - can remain; snap.
$3,500— Pays 12 per cent net: rents $480; five
flats In first-class condition; near Sth
• and Folsom sts.
NEW 'MODERN FLATS.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
$1,000 Cash, balance on installments equal to
...the rents; just completed, two modern
. . > '. flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; hand-
some tiled mantels, tiled bathrooms,
-. ,.¦ -tiled kitchen, stationary gas range,
etc.; rents $52 50 per month; Hyde-st.
cars pass.
ON TERMS TO SUIT.
RINCON HILL FLATS.
$3,500 — Rents $420; two flats; only. choice resi-
dence location south of market; lot 24
xll2.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE~Co7 (IncoT
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
57:6x137:6— North line Turk St.. nr. Taylor.
• $16, 0CO— Kills st.; 3 flats; rents $130.
$13.500— Cor. Steiner and Waller sts.; 48x81;
stores, flats and stable; rents $97.
Bush st.. near Powell; 30x112:6; wooden im-
provements.
$10,500 — Page, nr. Lasuna; 27:6x120 to rear
street: house of 8 rooms and bath.
$10,500 — Thlri-st. corner; pays 10 per cent.
. $10.000 — Fillmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
cf 8 rooms and .bath; rent $G5. -
$10,000 — Clay st.. nr. Front; brick building.
$10,000— Pacific ave., nr. Scott; 27x127:8;
modern house of 13 rooms and 3 baths
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23xtS2:tt to rear
street; house of 9 rooms and 2 rear fiats-
rents S64.
$7750 — Woodward ave., nr. 14th; 3 flats; rents
$73.
$7C0O— Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69; three-story
house; rents $75.
$7500 — Clay, nr. Baker: 27:6x85; 2 bay-win-
dow flats; rents $55.
$6250 — Vallejo, nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
39:6xP0; flats and cottages; rents $96.
$6000 — Post St., near Baker; 41:3x137-6- ¦"{
flats; rents $24 40. '
$6500 — Lombard St., near Jones; 27-6x100'
2 flats; rents $32.
$4500 — Clara St.; store and flats; rents $48
$45C0— Cor. Geary and Broderick; 25x92*
flats: rents $34.
$3750 — Liberty st., near Guerrero; 25x114-
2-story bay-window residence; rent $20 50
UNIMPROVED.
$17.000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137-6.
California, near Webster: 25x137:0
' $11,250 — Mason, nr. Jackson; 71:9x137:6; will
subdivide.
$0500— Corner Gough and Filbert; 137 :6x
107:8%.
$5000— Green, near Polk; 50x115.
$7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x86:11.
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:8.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
102:814.
$3500 — Devisadero, near Union; 35x100.
. $2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97 :&
S2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
$1400— McAllister, near Wlllard; 25x100.
$1000— Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$900 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lots,
each 2«:8xlGO. ..
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
LARGEST BANK SALE OF BUILDING LOTS
EVER OFFERED.
AT YOUR OWN VALUATION.
—I I • | U
14th st.
. _, 80 25 | 25 | 30
& $10,000
g p tL,
ij $4,000 - a g ' §
jjgjl
» £ $3,500 $1,650 « |
g I ==„ ... — — -- s
S g $3,500 $1,500 « "
g $3,500 . Sold w
$3,500 io75 ~
g SO so «
Must B« Sold. Must Be -Sold.
• Greatest slaughter of business lots ever of-
fered for genuine sale. Adjoining lots in blocks
north, south, east and west of this heaviest
transfer corner of the United Railways are held
and being sold for at least 25 to 60 per cent in
advance of the figures shown in above diagram.
' The old buildings are now removed and lots
ready for building; all the three streets are sew.
ered and accepted by the city; corner crossings
and stone curbing all in, also stone sidewalks.
N. H. LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery St., cor.
Sutter. Phone Grant 123.
= 4 '
BUY A VILLA SITE FOR $35 AT LOS
ANGELES,
Ir. the Pasadena Villa Tract cf 891 acres,
which immeditely adjoins the city
limits of Los Angeles.
Quarter Acre Villa Lots for Only $35 until
June 25.
• when price will te advanced to $100 per lot.
II.. E, Huntington Esq. has Just bought 22
blocks from us for $16,000.
Until Mr. Huntln_ton's new electric railway
(now built through the southern portion of our
Iract) Is opened to public — which will be with-
in ten days — we will sell quarter-acre villa
lots for only $35 per lot.
On June 25, when the new Huntington
"Short Line" is opened to public traffic, we
propose to raise the price to $100 per lot. .All
lets are large, 50x150 feet, and front oni 80
foot avenues, making subdivisions of one lot
for each quarter acre.
Buy lots in the coming residence suburb of
Lbs Angeles, which . is on the Huntington
"Short Line" electric railroad. Rapid transit.
Double track. Within J5 minutes' ride of the
business center of Los Angeles, a city of
120,000 population.
Rich, black soil; plenty of pure water; fln-
est of climate.
Lots will soon sell for ten times present
ircles. Buy now, before the rise in price to
$100' per lot, which will occur on June 25.
The Pasadena Villa Tract Is Immediately ad-
joining the city limits of .Los Angeles.
Preliminary receipts, will be given for moneys
at time of payment, sufficient time will be
allowed to examine abstract of title, and all
the conditions stated in the preliminary re-
ceipt will be compiled with within thirty days,
which include a perfect title, free and clear
cf all incumbrances, or the money will be re-
funded to purchasers.
-Deeds will convey a perfect title, free and
clear of all incumbrances.
Among our purchasers are the following lead-
ins citizens,: H. E. Huntington, vice presid-
ent of the Southern Pacific R. R. Co.; L. T.
(Jarnsey. president of the Los Anreles and Re-
dando Railway Cor, W. H. Carlson, ex-U. S.
Special Conomis-sioner of Railroads of Cuba;
Baird Bros., wholesale commission merchants;
J, G. Estudlllo. ex-State Treasurer: F. H-
Dlxon, ex-Stata Harbor Commissioner, and
others, •
We will select the best of lots for non-resi-
dents.
Order? by mall or telegraph will be allotted
according to time received at our office. Send
money by check, bank draft, express or postal
money order.
CARLSON INVESTMENT CO.. 134 SOUTH
BROADWAY, LOS ANGELES. CAL.
OUR . REFERENCES — First National Bank
of Los Angeles; Hon. M. P. Snyder, Mayor;
Pioneer Invtstment and -Trust Co., the dally
newspapers of Los Angeles, or any mercantile
agency.' -
.':==¦
' JOSEPH STRAUB.
12 flats and a residence of 0 rooms; flats
riGver. empty, always rented; pays 9 per cent;
plenty ground in rear to build on; part cash.
New cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 2 attic;
basement; nr. Castro, bet. 18th and 10th; $2500.
Six flats on. Harrison; pays over » per cent.
• 2-story trick building! 9 rooms and bath; on
Washington St., near Taylor.
Residence, 8 rms.; Geary, near Scott; $5000.
2-story cottage, 6 rooms and bath; on Clem-
entina St., near Sixth; part cash. -
v -JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market at.
YOU will never secure a j suburban home In
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
$8000—3 flats; Fell st. THE MCCARTHY CO..
, 646 Market st. ; -
$50— FRONT ft. 35x120; 1% blocks from park
entrance; north side. Address box 1023, Call.
FOR sale — 'Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. San Jose ave., opp. Valley st.
".F;*. 1 * ESTATE— CITY— FOR BALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. '¦ ~~~~"
10 Montgomery Street.
$25,000 — Washington st., corner residence; 5
bedrooms, 2 baths, conservatory, music
room, etc.; lot 56x102.
$(,000— Ellis st., near Pierce; house of 12
rooms and bath; rent $50; lot 27:0x
137:6.
$85,000— Kearny-st. investment, not far from
Market; 4-story and basement brick
building. . -
$21,000 — Gusrrero-st. corner: rents $1,800 net
per annum; 3 stores and 2 flats; lot
27x80.
$3,500— Dorland st., near Guerrero and 18th;
2-story and basement house of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25:8x115; double front-
age.
$60,000 — Mission st.; 2-story and basement
brick building; rents $3,000 per an-
num; lot 45:10x137:6.
$8,000 — Jackson st., near Montgomery; 2-story
and basement brick building; lot 25x
CO: rents $720 per annum.
$26,000 — Eddy st., near Van Ness ave.: lot 50x
120 to rear street; 6 flats; rents $2,400
. per annum.
$18,000— Broadway, near Dupont; lot 70x137;
frame building used for business pur-
poses.
$20,000 — Clay st., near Dupont: 3-story and
basement brick building; rents $170
per month.
$20,000 — Rents ?200 per month: lot 46x137:6;
"Pacific at., near Kearny; brick build-
ing.
$13,000 — Rents $147 per month: Washington St..
near Dupont; 3-story and basement
brick building.
$70,000 — Third-st. corner; extra large lot;
stores and lodgings; rents $300 per mo.
$3.300 — Castro st.. near 14th; residence of 8
- rooms and 2 -baths; lot 26x100.
$11,000 — Rents $100 per month; Oak St., facing
1 ' ' « Golden Gate Park; 3 new flats; lot 25
xl37:6.
$16,000 — O'Farrell st., near Gough; lot 27:6x
137:6; 3 flats; rents $105 per month.
$35,000 — Powell St., vicinity of Union Square;
3-story and" basement bay-window
- building.
$2,500 — Ninth ave.. near Golden Gate Park
(Sunset district); bay-window cottage
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x120.
$6,000 — Larkin st., near Washington: house of
8' rooms and bath; lot 30x137:6; excel-
lent location for flats.
$3,100 — John st., near Washington and Powell;
' bouse of 8 rooms and bath; rents $30
per month.
$1,300— Nevada St., near Cortland: cottage i»f
5 rooms, bath, basement, barn, chick-
en-house, etc.; lot 25x140; double
frontage; short distance from Mlsslon-
st. cars.
$3,300 — Green St.. near Hyde; house of 7
rooms; lot 20x60.
$16,000 — Third st., near Folsom; 3-story frame
building; 2 stores and lodgings above;
lot 25x80.
$2,600 — Broadway, near Jones; house of 6
rooms and bath: rent $16 per month.
$10,500 — Third et., near Folsom; 3-story frame
building; 2 stores below, 11 rooms
above; rents $63 per month.
$4,650^ — Eddy st., near Buchanan; lot 26x120 to
rear street; 2 frame cottages; splendid
location for fiats.
$4,250 — Austin, ave..' near Bush and Franklin;
2 fl.-.ts of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; icnts ?37 per month.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
$11,000 — New. modern residence on Gough St.,
in the vicinity of Pacific ave. ; base;-
ment, with cement floor; storeroom,
wlneroom, laundry and servants' room;
first floor contains parlor, sitting-
room, dining-room, kitchen, butler's
pantry; second floor contains 4 sunny
bedrooms, bath and large closets; un-
finished attic.
For further particulars apply- 'to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
3. L. COOKE..26 Montgomery st..J. U COOKE
San Francisco
...Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your adarees with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cut. this out and save "address.
NEW cottage residence, 5 sunny rcoms, bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
sunny side of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-
rine view: stone pavement; street bitumlniz-
ed; a few steps from cable cars; fine loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything renU-d as
soon as buiit; new houses going up all
around and property changing hands fast at
advancing prices; only $575 down -and easy
Installments; price $3175; will take a lot
as part payment. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st., Eavlngs Union building, bet.
Montgomery and Ksarny.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice; corner lot and Improve-
ments; on 13th st., near Folsom; consisting
of store, flats and two 2-story' houses; size
of lot 50x80; renting low for $58; can b? in-
creased to $75. Apply- R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery st., room 3.
$1500 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mail Dock.
Box 4021. Call office.
$17C0 — COTTAGE 5 rooms, barn; marine view.
HAYES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$22C0— TWO flat*, near Mall Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
REAL ESTATE— CO i UXTR Y—For Sale
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
MUST BE SOLD.
150-acre ranch, one and a half miles from
Sonoma; mostly fruit and vines; good modern
house; finest site In Sonoma County; crop,
stock, furniture and farming implements go
with the place; price only $8000.
FINEST BARGAIN IN THE STATE.
-174-acre fruit and stock ranch; Sonoma Coun-
ty, about 30 miles from San Francisco; 20 acres
Bartlett pears will clear over $2000 this year;
balance of ranch rented for cash; plenty of
water; fine deep soil that will grow anything;
situated on Petaluma Creek; house and farming
implements go with the place; price $15,000. or
will sell orchard separately; best of reasons for
selling, or will accept part exchange for across
the bay property.
FARM 75 ACRES.
2 miles from Felton, 10 miles from Santa
Cruz; 40 acres cultivated; 25 acres choice ap-
ples, balance pasture; hard finished dwelling;
5 rooms, barn, etc.; running water piped; will
make a fine home; crop this year about 4000
boxes apples; trees just coming Into bearing;
price $5000.
60 ACRES, NEAR REDWOOD CITY.
Finely improved ;• good Income; price $10,000;
half cash, balance mortgage; make offer.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
ONLY $130 PEtt ACRE.
¦ 150 or 180 acres of the finest land in the State;
all set in alfalfa; fenced In fine fields; abund-
ance of water for Irrigation; all this land Is
richest, sandy loam, 50 to 100 feet deep, every
foot of which is prepared for Irrigation; In ad-
dition to the Irrigation ditches a large creek
flows along the entire northern boundary, which
is lined with heavy oaks and other shade trees;
this stream Is accessible to all the fields; fur-
nishing water and shade for the stock; every
foot of this land will produce In abundance
everything that grows In California; Improve-
ments consist of a modern cheese factory, with
latest appliances, a model feed barn for 100
head of milk cows and 200 tons of hay; fenced
corrals through which a perpetual stream flows;
a cottage and other buildings; land is now rent-
ed for $12 per acre cash, paid In advance; sit-
uated in Stanislaus County, Yi mile from steam.
e¥"landlng and 2V6 miles from Crows Landing
(a railroad town): only $130 per acre; pay 0
per cent. For further particulars apply to
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
219 Montgomery St.. S. F.
A BIG bargain in Alameda Co. at $150 per acre,
25 acres. 15 in vineyard and 1-acro family
orchard, balance general farm, cottage and
out-buildlnc.
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
A beautiful suburban villa, near Fair Oaks
and Palo Alto, 12 acres, 3 in orchard. 12-room
residence,' other flrst-class Improvements;
horses, equipage and other stock included; will
sell et a low orlce.
Beautiful Villa tract at Mlllbrae, near Bur-
lingame; also lots and acreage property.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
25 acres, 10 In full bearing prunes, balance
used for pasture; good orchard or vineyard
land; cottage, 6 rooms; good out-building-. In-
cluding complete outfit for poultry- raisins:
$2500. JORDAN A LANE,
' 116 Montgomery st.
5 1-3 ACRES of finest land on Bay Farm Isl-
and; modern 8-room house, with porcelain tubs,
open plumbing: stables and outbuildings; wind-
mill and tank, with water to irrigate the entire
place.
All out In asparagus, cucumbers and small
fruits; must be seen to he appreciated. To view
and get full particulars call on'W, K. CONGER
6 CO., sole agents, 1501 Park St., Alameda'
phone Grand 176.
$7000— ONE mile from Napa; 60 acres best val-
ley land, 16 acres prunes, half In bearing
about 40 tons this year, 175 : Bartlett pearm'
. peaches and apricots, 8 acres hay, balance It-
hay on 'shares; good 7-room hard-flnlshed
house, bath, hot and cold water, barn SOxOS
furniture, 1 cow. wagon, fanning utensils- ali
goes with the place if bought before July 30
PETERS & BAINES, 116 Montgomery st '
|4000— A GENTLEMAN'S beautiful mountain
home and ranch: in Napa County; 160 acres'
all fenced ; fine 5-room cottage, furnished • or-
chard, vineyard, hay land, gardens; 2 large
barns, horses, vehicles, poultry, etc.: good
hunting and fishing; abundance of natural
sprint; water: climate unnurpassed. Apply
F. W. MEYKR. 1453 Devisadero st. *
REAL ESTATE— .COUXTRY— For aalo
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location: climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which Is in ir-
chaid; 32 acres In bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000: agricultural Implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons.
etc., included.
The residence Is one-story, contains 9
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish:
good stable, tank-house, tank, etc.; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers: a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
34 West Santa Clara St.. San Jose.
$950—10 ACRES, near Petaluma; good chicken
ranch; improved.
$600 — A fine chicken ranch, well stocked,
for rent.
$3300—20 acres fine asparagus land; aspara-
gus nets from $150 to $250 per acre.
WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market st.
$5250— A cheap farm of 72 acres, one mile
from large town, Alameda Co.; considerable
portion bottom land, with running water year
round; a choice location for alfalfa or veg-
etables; terms one-half cash, balance long
time. 5 per cent Interest. H. H. CRANE,
508 California st. '
2-STORY brick building, 70x100, on the best
corner In Santa Crux, paying now a per cent
on $22,000; with some alterations can be madi
to pay 7 per cent net on $30,000; this property
can be had at above figures and on very
favorable terms. Box 390, Santa Cruz.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ¦
Email tracts. $UO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
fcan Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St.. tot
pamphlets and Information.
27% ACRES level land, one mile from town.
Alameda County; fronts on county road, a
first-class place for poultry raising: price
$1800: easy terma. H. H. CRANE. 5«8 Cal-
ifornia mt.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg..
San Francisco.
160 ACRES of good fruit or grazing land In the
southeastern part of Monterey Co.; will ex-
. change. F. EDWARD. 3739 Seventeenth st.
55 ACRES level land, facing main county road,
close to town and good schools, Alameda Co. :
price $3000: portion can remain long time. 9
per cent Interest. H. H. CRANE, 5OS Cal-
ifornia st.
LAND bargains: new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market
FOR country property, see me before you buy.
JAMES MORSE. 633 Market st.. room 5.
FOR SALE — 83 acres good level valley land
cheap; 1 mile west of Rutherford. Particu-
lars at the place. Box 93. St. Helena. Cal.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma. for
list cf bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
poivr richmond real estate.
city of Richmond! """""" """"""¦
city of richmond.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay. adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminua of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Cos., location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
mor-ey? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $1SO UP.
$25 DOWN. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
Prices will advance July 1.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of tract —
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.),
Room 182. Crocker building. S. F.
SAISALITO REAL ESTATE.
¦
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homed
and business property: 30 minutes from San
Francisco; climate and scenery superb; can't
be excelled; call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON. 323 Montgomery st..
or at office of company. Sausallto.
llEJfO^^R^Al-^ ESTATE.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS3
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO S48O : _.
In the choicest section of the city of Reno.
Nev. One of the most progressive and prom-
ising citiea of the West. Each lot ha3 a
frontage of 60 feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offerei
for small Investments. A chance to double
your money In one year. Andrew Carnegie
has recently given Reno a free library to
cost $15,000. and by an act of Congress a
public building and a new courthouse are tt
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany's new shops are also going to Reno.
Lots going like hot cakes. Get yours now.
For further particulars apply to
B. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$3000 — MODERN up-to-date cottage, corner lot;
an Ideal place.
$4500 — Modern home of 8 rooms, etc.; finely
situated; just finished.
$4000— 8-room house, entirely new; Just rented
for $37 50: water extra.
S350 — Lot 40x135. on Louisa St.
$650^ — Lot on Milvia st., near Virginia st.;
street work done.
$700 — Lot 40x135. on Henry St.; street work
done.
$1450— Fine corner lot in the Hlllesass tract,
65x100; street work all done; a 'big snap.
MAY & MORTIMER.
2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
STOP PAYING RENT. ~
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and beat plan ever Introduced to thei public.
See our tables and convince yourself: only $3
per month pays for your home; no Interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley.
Branch office Lorln P. O., and room 39 Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. W. C. MORAN.
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
NEW 6-room cottage; porcelain bath:- pantry:
tiled sink; electric lights; city water; brick
foundation; high basement; wash trays; pat-
ent closet; large lot, all fenced; 2 blocks feet
station: street cars, stores, school and
, churches: price $20C0; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month; open Sundays. O A
RUDOLPH. Lorin.
HERE'S a chance to be your own landlord; new
8-room 2-story house; neat, complete and up-
to-date: lot 42x135. all fenced; good location-
price $2250; terms $200 cash, balance $*>0
monthly, same as rent, j O. A. RUDOLPH
Lorin; open Sundays.
R. C. STAATS CO.. 2137 Shattuck are.
New 5 and 6 room cottages. $1000 and up-
wards.
¦ 8-room house, modern, gas and electricity,
cement walks, $2600.
8-room, house, new. good location, $3300.
9- room house, close to university; a lovely
home, and a bargain; $4750.
Houses for rent; lota for sale on macadam-
ized streets, good location, $450.
R. C. STAATS CO.. 2137 Shattuck Ave. Berke-
ley Station.
AUSTIN'S SPECIAL BARGAIN.
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
$550 — Bargain; lot 35x100 ft., corner Emerson
and Tremont sts., right at Ashby-ave.
station; go and see this lot to-day;
monthly installments If desired; best buy
In all Berkeley.
GEOROE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
NEAT home of 3 large rooms; close to station,
stores, etc; good windmill and tank; lar?]
lot: genuine bargain; $800. JNO. R. PER-
NEW cottage of 6 rooms, with all latest !m-
provements; only 2 blocks from station,
stores, etc.: large lot; a snap at $1600; term*
to suit. JNO. R. PERKINS, Lorln Station.
Berkeley; open Sundays. -
I WANTED — An offer; splendidly built hous*
¦ • of 12 rooms : cemented basement : large attic :
house coat $9000: 1 year old; lot 70x100; must
be sold.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
¦ Berkeley station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
240- ACRE ranch In Monterey County: SO acres
in full bearing trees and vines; 8-room house
and large barn; living water, piped to build-
ings; 50,000 gal. reservoir; land all fenced
and cross fenced; trade for Oakland property.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
i ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
; Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
For Additional Classified Ads See Page 38.THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL.,- SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
38
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AUSTIN'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SEE THESE TO-DAY.
$3,250 — Easy terms of payment; discount for
all cash; elegant C-roomed cottage Just
completed; 40- foot lot; stone walks;
high ground; open lawn; gas. electric-
ity ana every convenience; very choice
location; in the immediate vicinity of
the elegant ~ residences of Dr. S. H.
Buteau, Hon. W. R. Davis, William
Moller, Esq., Hon. Guy O. Earl. Dr.
F. L. Adams and W. L. Elliott Esq.;
No. 545 Merrlmac. or 2bth Bt. between
Telegraph and Grove; open for Inspec-
tion to-day. —-
$1.800— Cottare of 8 rooms and bath; lot 83x
116; stable; Bunny Biae; street work all
done; improving neighborhood; between
San Pablo and Grove; easy terms; dis-
count for all cash.
$2,250 — Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 23x100 on West
st; handy to 16th-Et electric line.
$2,500 In Piedmont; 6-roomed cottage In fine
condition; lot 60 feet front; street work
all done; sunny and very desirable;
one- half block to cars; Immediate vi-
cinity of the elegant residences of Sen-
ator Perkins. Alex. Young Esq.. Ores-
tes Pierce Esq.. and Frank C. Havens
Eeq.; a big bargain; see the property
fnri be convinced; No. 233 Oakland ave.
$250 — Lot 25x100 feet; north side of 28th st;
street work and sidewalks complete.
$2,000— Modern, cozy and sunny; 6 rooms; bay-
window, hall and basement; 30- foot lot:
11S6 16th, near Adeline Et; handy to
local train.
$2,600 — Modern 6-roomed cottage ln«flne condi-
tion; lot &0xl25; stone walks and open
lawn; No. 1460 Myrtle, between 18th
and 21st Bts.; occupied by owner; can
be eeen at any time; would rent for
about $22 50 ,x>er month.
$3,760— Modem cottage of 7 large rooms; brick
foundation; open lawn; lot 60x144 (note
the Elze); No. 555 29th Bt., or Caledo-
nia ave., near Telegraph ave.
$3,000— House of 8 rooms and bath; lot 85x100;
sunny eide Adeline Bt; handy to local
station.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth Street Oakland.
B. VL DODGES & EON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
$7500 — Two large fine houses in Highland Park,
near California College, connected with
a covered paesage way; one house has
14 large rooms and the other 8 rooms,
with baths and all conveniences; this
place Is on high ground and well suited
for a sanitarium or public boarding-
house.
$S28#— New house on Santa Clara ave.; elegant
in every particular; 8 rooms and attic.
14006— New house on Walsworth ave., 8 -rooms
and every modern convenience. These
last two bouses can be bought on very
eaey terms. • '
§4000 — Elegant nearly new house, on Peralta
Heights, the swell residence part of East
Oakland; large lot and fine rooms.
$3750— Colonial cottage; east side of Market
st, bet Nineteenth and. Twentieth,
Oakland; house new, with all modern
Improvements; 7 rooms, bath and laun-
dry: barn; terms easy.
$2500 — Ccttagre on Twenty-first st, bet Elev-
enth and Twelfth aves.. East Oakland;
6 rooms, electric and gas lights; lot
60x150; terms, small cash payment bal-
ance in monthly installments.
1225*— New modern cottage on Thirty-fourth
st, near San Pablo ave.; never been
occupied; 7 rooms and bath; terms to
suit purchaser.
$2000 — Cottare on East Twelfth st, East Oak-
land, bet Ninth and Tenth aves.; 0
rooms and bath- a nice home, nearly
new and In good condition; terms half
cash and balance mortgage.
$1000— Several good cottages, centrally located,
for $1000. and some for l«ss; we wllTbe
Clad to show them to buyers.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
JC J. BTEWART & CO.. "
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$ieSO — New house of 6 rooms and bath; near
San Pablo ave. electric carllne; etreet
work all done; easy terms.
$1780— House of 7 rooms and bath; barn; deep
lot; near train; and must be cold; owner
out of town; 6ee photo at of flee.
$2200 — Cottage of 5 rooms; cement basement
whole lencth of house; rery nice new
barn, with brick foundation: fruit treea
and vegetables; garden; lot 60x140* in
Piedmont district.
I2380— Story-and-a-half 6-room modern cottage-
right up to date; barn and driveway;
cement sidewalk, lawn, etc.; nice loca-
tion; between Telegraph ave, and Grove
st; not far out
$2650— New modern 2-story house of 7 rooms
and bath; never occupied; porcelain
bath; enamel sink; -fine surroundings •
three blocka from local train; easy
terms to right parties.
12750— Investment; rents for $27 per mo.- two
J-J 6 * cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; lot 65x
150 feet; fronts two streets; sewered and
eiaewalked; street macadamized; electric
_ cars pass the door; brick foundation- no
mortgage: would exchange for one nice
cottage centrally located; Investigate at
once.
$4780— -Splendid new house of 8 rooms; bath-
modem in every respect: one block east
of Telegraph ave.; fine view and plenty
cl room; a bargain.
B. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
.WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., "
803 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$1250— Eaey term*; cottace of 6 rooms and
bath; north side of Atlantic st; first cottajre
•*r«st cf Pine; lot 25x103. cottage
$2000— $500 cash, balance at 8 per cent- B-
bag^^xrooronie^or^iae 5VZ> T
bet. Union and Magnolia; easy terms.
$2800— JCew modern story and a half house
e* « rooms and bath: lot 80x»2; on Twenty^
third Bt, near San Pablo ave. *»«ii.y*-
W250— Moderatwo-etory house on north s'.fle
S£s"iSt l a£Sr > ™ s house hM 7 «*
$2750— North side Jones st.. near Telegraph
CV 5V2 23xl03; xnjodem cotta «« <* " *Smi
ana Data.
$S7BO— Right In town, on Castro et. near
$8500— New modern two-story house of 7
rooms ana bath; lot 28x100; on 7th Bt, opposite
the park; very fine home.
$4000— Lot 80x100; 2-Btory house of 9 rooms
and bath on north Bide 11th st. between Alice
and Jackson.
$5000— Lot 60x100: north Bide 11th st, be-
tween Brush and West sts.; 2-stcry house of 8
looms and bath; large Btable.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
003 Broadway. Oakland.
$5750— CASH VALUE $8000.
House of 8 rooms, bath and furnace; every-
thing In the lateBt and best sanitary condi-
tion; nice larye barn; lot 75x125; situated in
Linda Vista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes: owner cannot occupy the prem-
ises and no prefers to sell rather than rent
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland
92500 CASH; monthly payments made to suit
buyer; anything good we sell at once; this Is
the best we have had to sell in a long time:
S% acres, more or less, of extra choice land-
a pretty good 5-room cottage, bath, pantry'
plenty closets; basement; good barn and
Etable; stalls for 3 horses and cow; chicken
houses, broodery. incubator; Al windmill and
large tank; water piped over place; city water
and eewer; the assorted fruit orchard and
choice garden you must see to appreciate-
whoever gets this will have the best to be had
on^ lB Elde ot the bay: close to electric cars
and fine public school: this Is an ideal prop- ¦
*rty. ¦nire; adjoining East Oakland; price in
full $5850. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth St., opposite Broadway station. Oakland
Carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Land Owner"
$3500 — NEW modern house of eight rooms-
complete in every respect; unobstructed view of
? a ",^T r S nclsc fL I E ay and lts surroundings; lot;
©0x150 feet with alleyway in the rear- Va«t !
front; first-class neighborhood; close to car line
and school: cheap; easy terms. " '
$3000 — House of 5 rooms; lot 75x275 feet- on
Prospect et. near Broadway; within easy walk
inr distance of business center.
$3000 — Two good cottaces of 6 rooms each-
lot 65x140 ft., running- through to street in the
rear; barn; right on Broadway; easy walk to
business center and local; on car line- "rents
526: pood Income; worth $4000.
$2600 — New" modern two-story house of 7
rooms; on Franklin 6t. ; close in; very, easy
terms; cheap. f
$1100 — Cottage of Birooms; lot 30x150 feet; on
Orchard ct, near Broadway; easy walk to
business center; foreclosure; must be sold; easy
terms.
The Ev T. VANDERCOOK CO.. 1016 Broad-
tray, O.-CSrvnd, and room 22, 2nd floor. Mills <
bldg.. San Francisco.
$4750— COST TO DUPLICATE $5500. '
Location, 20th and Webster tits.; new Col-
onial 7-room bouse; open and nickel plumb-
Ing; everything first-class in finish and con-
struction; sunny; only 3 minutes' walk to
the business center; seeing Is believing: call
early. J.' 6. Myers, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400 and 462 Eighth st, Oakland.
$70,000 — A splendid business property invest-
ment and extra good value; property with fine
future; central; 3-story brick; corner; im-
provements cost $50,000; Investigate at once.
$20,000 — Broadway income property; total rents
$2040 per annum; good clean Improvements.
$12,500 — Absolutely must be sold;"' cost $25,000;
elegant modern 10-room suburban home, with
5 acres; location the best between Oakland
and Berkeley; this property sure to more than
double In value. ¦ ¦
$12,500 — Lakeside residence; 12 rooms; hard-
wood floors; 5 mantels; Imposing architec-
ture; $7000 recently spent in modernizing
same; lot 105x150; opposite ground held by
| prominent banker at $100 per foot; we believe
we can get an offered considered bo anxious
are the owners to sell.
$t000 — Telegraph ave.; cost owner $9000; splen-
did 9-room two-story residence; elegant lot,
95x150; choice fruit and shrubberies; a home
proposition seldom offered; owner forcing sale.
$S0O0 — Elegant home; 12 rooms; central East
Oakland; specially constructed for a home at
a cost of $22,000; lot S0xl50; this is an unu-
Bual bargain; we are forcing sale this week;
investigate.
$7000^-Lovely Linda Vista home; 8 rooms; sta-
ble; specially constructed for owner.
— Alice st; 12 rooms; lot 60x150; admira-
bly located; owner must sacrifice.
$5000 — Fruitvale; old-fashioned, though whole-
some, comfortable modernized house; nearly 1
acre; the former homestead of a prominent
owner, who refused $20,000; . magnificent
homes surrounding.
$3000 — Two acres, full-bearing orchard; east of
Fruitvale," with new, modern seven-room
house; cost owner $4500; pretty suburban
home.
$3350 — Special bargain on the heights of East
Oakland; 9-room 2-story tower residence;
elegant lot, 70x150; terraced; cement
bulkhead; fine view; fruits and flowers;
mortgage $2350; must Bell; station con-
venient
AN INSTALLMENT BARGAIN.
We are authorized to sell almost new two-story
house; 8 rooms; porcelain bath; location
within few blocks of Broadway and
Fourteenth St.; right in town; fore-
closure bargain (with one objection), but
a bargain for right party; '$2500; $250
cash, $25 per month.
$1450 — Between Oak and Broadway Etatlons;
very neat; 4 rooms, bath; tiled sink; patent
toilet; mortgage $900.
$1400 — Bargain for right party; neat home. 6
rooms; newly painted; barn; lot 100x125; must
sell.
$2000 — Bargain; two acres and new modern cot-
tage, 5 rooms; windmill; chicken houses; 2
blocks to electric cars.
$2600 — Vicinity of Twenty-eighth and Telegraph
ave.: pretty, Etylish cottage, 7 rooms, bath;
lot 50x140; note size; rents $20 month; cheap.
$650 — Bargain; Elmhurst; neat cozy, new, 8
large rooms; lot 80x132; chicken houses;
owner after completing for a home, called to
Orecon.
$900 — Snap; near Adeline and Twenty-fourth
fits.; neat bay-window cottage, 4 rooms, bath;
etable: bank loan, $600.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth Bt. Oakland.
A SPECIAL SNAP—
$1450 for fine lot 66:8x100, on a choice
cross street near Grove and Twenty-fifth Bts. ;
cost owner $3000; must be sold this week; big
speculation for a home or to Improve and sell;
act Quick.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Exclusive agents. 460-462 Eighth at, Oakland.
$3850 — FLAT -loan $3000; similar properties
held at $5000; near 28th and Telegraph; extra
choice neighborhood; built for a home; 9
rooms; modern; large lot 40x156; we are
going to sell this bargain Immediately, as
owner has to leave Oakland; see at once.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462
Eighth st. Oakland.
$3450— NEAR S2d and Telegraph ave.; modern
home. 8 rooms; stable; lot 35x170; constructed
by lumber merchant for a home; mortgage
$2500 can remain. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth St. Oakland.
?20(K) — CASH VALUE $3500. ~~~
House is new, 2 story; 3 rooms downstairs
and 2 rooms upstairs; all modern conveni-
ences; lot (note size) 60x135; chicken yards
and outhouees; everything- in first-class or-
der; terms only $600 cash; first come first
eerved; must be sold; positively no reserve.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1350 — NEW modern cottage and grounds on
Telegraph ave.; must be sold quickly; this
bargain will not remain long. ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
OAKLAND ROOMS.
TO let — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeplng. Apply 1307 E. 11th st. Oakland.
OAKL J AN^^r^KlTJljREKORSALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
PCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
FRUITYALEADYERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL" ESTATES.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$2500 — 3 acres In choice fruit trees; house of 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; nloe
etable; good horse; harness; top buggy;
spring- wagon; 150 chickens; fine well,
windmill and tank; water pipes laid all
over the place; fine location for raising
chickens; also tools, etc.; easy terms if
desired.
$1000— Bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms,
hall, high basement; good well and
pump; half a block from electrlo cars
and 2 blocks from High street; lot 60x
100; all fenced; $100 cash down, balance
$12 per month.
$1275 — Great bargain; modern cottage of 6
rooms and bath; good brick foundation,
etc.; Isrge barn; fine well, windmill and
tank; fruit trees and vegetables; lot 110
x 112; all fenced; an opportunity worth
Investigating.
$1200— Four-room cottage, hard finished;
chicken house; fruit trees and berries •
t . corner lot; 50x140; located In East Oak-
land.
$900^ — Nice home of two large rooms, hard fin-
ished and furnished; pantry, closets
.,__ 'to-: stable: fine cow; lot 100x150; fenced
$1875— Modern cottage of 6 rooms, large hall,
porcelain bath, tiled sink, seven-foot
basement; good brick foundation; good
stable; lot 50x137; all fenced; fine loca-
tion; only one block from Fruitvale Sta-
tion, v
$1550— New colonial ccttage of 4 rooms and at-
tic, bath, etc.: lot 50x100; all fenced-
only 2 blocks from station; good neigh-
borhood.
$376 — Fine cottage of 3 large rooms, hard fin-
ished pantry, closets, etc.; 2 chicken
houses; city water; lot 100x124; all
fenced: two blocks from electric cars;
easy terms.
$2050 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms large
hall, porcelain bath, marble washstand-
stationary tubs; 7- foot basement; good
brick foundation; chicken house- lot 50x
218; all fenced and cross-fenced; In
walking distance to local train. '
$1050 — For sale in East Oakland — Coay cottage
of 8 large rooms and bath, pantry clos-
ets, patent toilet; high basement, partly
floored, etc.; one block from electric
cars and five from local station; easy
terms. •
H. A, PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
A— W. Ev. RUDELL, Fruitvale ave. and
¦ Washington st, Fruitvale, Cal.
$900— House of 5 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; brick foundation; barn and
chicken house; abundance of floweor
lot, 40x137; 3 blocks from car' line-
$100 cash, balance $9 60 per month.
$900 — Cottage of 4 rooms, pantry and closets;
- Btable and chicken houses; city water;
lot 75x108; 8 blocks from, car line, on
macadamized streets; $200 cash, bal-
ance $8 40 per month.
$1,100— Cottage of 5 rooms ¦„ hard finished; good
brick foundation: lot 45x145; terms
$100 cash, balance $12 per month.
$1,250— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; man-
tel; hot and cold water; stable; . lot
• 47x101; 2 short blocks from FrultvaJe
Station; $200 cash, $12 60 per month
$1,500 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; hot and
sold water; fine location; 3 blocks from
car line; lot, 117x175; this Is a bargain-
terms, $100 cash, balance $10 80 per
month.
$1,600 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath on one
floor; 3 rooms finished In basement;
porcelain tub; hot andf cold water;
summer house; abundance of flowers
and fruit trees in bearing; chicken and
pigeon houses; lot, 75x108; $200 cash,
balance $10 80 per month.
$l,S00 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; large lot; sewer and
city water; stationary washtubs; flow-
ers and fruit trees; one block from
Frurtvale Station: terms, $200 cash,
balance $19 per month.
$2,700 — New two-etortir house of 7 rooms a'nd
bath; reception hall; all modern im-
provements; gas and electric fixtures;
one block from FruitvaJe-ave. car line-
lot, C0xl65; beautiful view; terms, $500
cash, balance ?20 40 per month
$0,500— Beautiful residence of 12 rooms and
bath; steam heaters; mantel; flre-place
/ and marble washstand In \ each bed-
room; electric bell in each room;
stable -for 4 horses and carriages;
cement plate for washing carriages'
large corner lot. 150x140 feet;
decorated grounds; trees and flowers In
abundance; an Ideal place for sanltar-
. ium or doctor's home;.' reasonable
terms If desired.
W. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington st Office hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m..
Sundays Included. .
FOR quick sale; owner wants money; make
b i?i e^V* 1 'oca""*; key lot O. W., box
1014, Call office. . .
FRUITYALEADYERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AUSTIN'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SEE THESE TO-DAY.
$3,500 — Cost $8500; beautiful suburban home;
one acre; new house of 8 rooms and
bath; all in fine condition; Inclosed
driveway; fruit trees, . outbuildings,
chicken-houses and v brooders, shrub-
bery, flowers, live aviary. 2 fountains;
near electric line.
$3,600 — Cost $6500; an ideal home; 8 acres all
In fruit; fine chicken ranch; new cot-
tage; fine well and tank; plenty of wa-
ter; stable, chicken-house and brooders.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
¦ 460 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
$1100 — 4-room cottage; new; lot 37%xl75, In
Fruitvale. *S •
$1250 — 4-room cottage and bath; lot 25x150.
$1000 — 4-room cottage; lot 25x100, and chick-
en-house.
$1250 — 5-room cottage; hot and cold water and
bath; $50 cash.
$1200 — 6-room cottage; hot and cold water; lot
25x100.
$2500 — One acre of land, with 125 chickens,
tank and windmill, horse and wagon and 5-
room cottage.
$2000 — 6-room cottage, all modern: lot 80x1 OS.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1151 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
81 A'CRES of level land, suitable to subdl-
vJde, on two county roads, only 1000 feet from
electric cars. Apply to P. H. BLAKE, office
and residence. East 14th st, nr. Fruitvale ave.
ALAMEDA ADTERTISEMENTS.
alameda real. estate.
f^r^c^o^u^e^a^d v^tX^e^pr^pertieS
sacrificed.
This Is a chance to secure a home cheap.
Call or write Alameda Land • Company.
$1000 buys 6 rooms and bath; lot 40x80.
$1600 buys 5 rooms and bath; modern; very
desirable.
$1000 buys 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x207.
?1C5O buys 6 rooms and bath; lot 45x150; a
snai>. n
$1:500 buys 6 rooms and bath; cost over
$4U00; must be sold.
$2500 buys 8 rooms and bath; lot 85x150;
foreclosure.
$3000 buys a beautiful 6-room cottage; best
location.
$2850 buys 7-room cottage; lot 60x100; a
snap. - . j
$5500 buys 8-room' home; near Central ave. |
a bargain.
$4500 buys a great bargain; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 62x150.
If you want to secure a bargain, see this
property. v
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
$15,000 — FOR sale or exchange, elegant corner
property; house of fifteen rooms.
$18,000 — Another elegant place for sale; 150
feet frontage; corner lot; beautiful improve-
ments.
New 7-room house and lot; $2950; Install-
ments.
Fine lots on Improved streets, $450 to $900.
Two beautiful corner lots on Clinton ave. i
$1250 each.
DELANOY RANDLETT, 1536 Park st. Ala-
meda.
ANOTHER BIG BARGAIN. FOR LITTLE
\ MONEY.
924 — $1300; five-room cottage; bath, base-
ment, brick foundation; fruit treea, etc.; lot 50x
135; only one block from station, school, stores,
etc.; see this; easy payments.
922 — $2700; a perfect gem; I. have never
shown a finer cottage; 6 large rooms and bath;
beautifully tinted rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; lot 50x122; close to station; nice sur-
roundings. H. D. ilRWIN, Lorin Station.
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot; best locality; a great bargain;
,$4000.
Must be sold; a large 8-room house; lot 60x
.150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1C00 Park st. Alameda,
$350— LOT 40x108. near Park st; will furnish
lot and build 5-room l'ij story cottage on
same for $1800. J. H. YOUNG, builder.
1243 Park st, Alameda.
BEAUTIFUL sunny home; modern; cheap;
must be sold: terms to suit buyer; owner next
door; 2 to 5. 1324 Weber st, Enclnal sta-
tion. Narrow Gauge, Alameda.
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO.. Bay Station. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FLATS.
FOR rent — Nice 7-room flat; desirably located
and well furnished. Inquire MRS. BARRY,
1205 Union, Chestnut station: narrow-gauge.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE front room to rent to lady. Address 1010
Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
EMPLOYMKNT ¦ . yANTJED-— FEaiALB.
EXCELLENT laundress and housecleaner
wishes work by the day. • Address 132 Fern
ave., bet. Sutter and Bush sts., off Van Ness.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • _ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
INTELLIGENT, sober young man wants posi-
tion in an office; wholesale house preferred;
graduate of leading college; good penman and
• accurate at' figures; also one year's experi-
ence In bookkeeping; beginner's salary with
chance of advancement Address E. G., 611
Taylor at. city. '
ONE well acquainted with the manufacture of
all kinds of ladies' and men's gloves is de-
' slrous to buy for or take charge of a glove
¦ department; city or country; can furnish good
references. Address box 1035, Call office.
MAN and wife want place In family; man to do
outside work; woman to do general house-
work. M. S., 473 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED — By experienced young florist and
gardener, to take charge of big place, either
. private or commercial; single; good refer-
ences. Address W. O.; box 1C12, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, beet references, wishes
steady position on private place; wages $30;
understands gasoline engine and can milk.
Box 1064. Call office. : ¦
AN educated young man of good habits wishing
to learn the mercantile business, desires em-
ployment with good firm; wages no object.
Address E. Y. SANDERS, 737 Market st
YOUNG man of good standing wishes a posl-
'"tlon as collector or 6olicitor; speaks German
also; can give best of ' references. Address
box. 1034. Call office.
ELDERLY German wants work on private
place, to make himself useful; sober, Indus-'
trlous. Intelligent; good gardener; can milk.
Address box 1046, Call office. -
BAKER — A young man wants situation as eec-
ond hand on bread and cakes; country pre-
ferred. W. R. J., 1270 Twenty-eighth' st,
Oakland.
BANDSAWYER and machine man, first-class,
some experience on sticker, desires situation; I
_' : . MEDICAL.
A— ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER
will be glad to know she has returned to San
Francsico and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
her will be assured of careful and honest
treatment. Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours 10 to 12 a. m.,
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 1504 Market Bt., rooms 25 to 28, City
Hall square. Over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
, cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature, ,DR. O. W. O'DON-
NELL. office tc residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 6th. "
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
Ing and curing female complaints; ladles, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007 H Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
•specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
• confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market st. opp. 6th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home la
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st, nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
lst; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st, nr Mkt
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $,2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1126 Market
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
TTnlon Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
¦MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission :tel.Maln 730.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, C01-602 Examiner bldg.
.-.....$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
TAAXTD WAT\P
MISCELLANEOUS—^OR^SAi^
Vernon ave.; g»i <i2 car at Ingiesiae v-u
Ing Park. ' —
TEAM, wagon, tent, gasoline stove : ££ f^
Ing; will sell cheap and go, as ¦*J3 a^'£g l
with several parties. Address Mr. SMITH,
8015 Y street. Sacramento. ,
FINE 33x47 Cottrell press; air springs; tape-
less delivery; plate distribution; first-class
order; cheap. Box 1044, Call office.
CIGARS at less than auction f^^A.^f^L 9
goods: money back If not »»" s f a £ t °JJ"
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st. San Francisco.
SEALSKIN, $250 quality, same as new, $90;
great bargain. 10 Sixth st : ,
FOR sale— Holsteln. and Jersey cow. 239
Lee nve. . . .
THE publlo Is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. t
750 to 1000 new and second-hand J e ?tai tor*?*
and for Bale. Apply ROSS McMAHON 3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumnu
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
-Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working mi-
chlnery. H. 8. WHITE. 130 Beale st
FOR SALE^ — Honey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
ANGORA kittens, all colors; 2 Collie pups;
best breeding; reasonable price. S313 Clay.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
A— SCHOOL books bought, sold. KING'S OLD
BOOK STORE. 15 Fourth st : phone Red 1803.
SECOND-HAND lumber, cashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices oa second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. r___
GENTLE 7-year-old mare, with harness and,
wagon, $125. 2293 Howard st ¦"
Edison DhonotrraDhs. records. ' supplies, moving
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoat,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS 1 . London
tailor. 721 Market »t ,
MONEY loaned at low interest: gold, silver
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bousht
st W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles destroyed with
; electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A — $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pcpu.
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
DIVINE HEALER SCHRADER can be seen
dally at 618 Ellis st; ground floor.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIPA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 13th!
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured: no oueratlon, oaln or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 507
Misfit Clothina; Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoat.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutler.
Mrs. Brtggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroy?d
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 23S>.
SUPERFLUOUS bair and moles removed by
electric needIe.Dr.AMrs.Traverse.ll70Markat.
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores , tray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggista'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURa
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wls. .^
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl«;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th»
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 page*. In wrapper for matllnsr. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
BUlte of furnished sunny rooms; all complets;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St James, McAllister and La-
handy on repairing furniture aiso. or
write W. J. C. 548 Bryant st. ¦
WANTED— By man of good habits, to work
for room and board; could work afternoons
or evening. Student, room 25. 1049A Market.
SITUATION wanted as coachman or as man
about a place; very good references. Ad-
drees box 1048. Call office.
POSITION wanted by energetic young man as
assistant bookkeeper and stenographer; good
references. Box 1004, Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
and experienced stenographer; at present em-
ployed, but desires change. Address F. M.,
Y. M. C. A.
EMPLOYMENT as gardener by Swede who has
followed this occupation in Sweden for 13
years and 2 years in Cleveland, O., and 4
months In California; good recommendations.
Box 603. Call office.
GANG edgerman with experience in sugar pino;
Al references. Address box 1018. Call.
YOUNG man of experience desires a position as
notion clerk. Box 1005, Call office.
BARTENDER, young man, wishes position;
references If required. .. Box 1027, Call.
SITUATION wanted by German, 40 years of
age; handy with blacksmith and carpenters*
•tools; knows the care of livestock and poul-
try; can do plain cooking; would like place
as choreman. Address P. ROTHER, box
1021. Call. .
A GOOD salesman wishes position with first-
class bouse on commission; has horse and
buggy; requires no advances. Address A. B.
C. box 3S7, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED married man desires posi-
tion as watchman; references. Apply B. II.,
720 Washinston St.
COOK wants place; good meat & pastry cook;
sober. Address W. A. JONES, Fruitvale P. O.
YOUNG man would like porter work or drive
delivery. Address C.H.. 529 Noe st.
COLLEGE graduate In chemistry desires posi-
tion as analytical chemist: excellent refer-
ences./ Address E. L. HALL, 1613 Qough st
A STEADY, reliable man, two years In present
position, desires work in wholesale or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. Box -893, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS florist and gardener desires elt-
uation on private place or nursery; can give
good reference; 12 years In California. Box
877. Call office. v
JAPANESE couple want situations in private
family; man is good cook; wife Is waiter;
both have eood experience. Address K. M.,
18 St. Mary place. /
On first and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates •..
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies
I ¦• Assignment of rents
Life Insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
:..'. If you need money
.See HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602 Examiner building
A — R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
. On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. "]
On undivided interests In real estattt
On estates in probate.
On legacies. i
NO DELAT.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st. rtxfm 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 828 Montgomery st,
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market at; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 619 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MINES AND MINING.
EM ALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start: only small capital required; easy
terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Montgomery st.. 8. F.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MANIFICENT light store and concrete base-
ment.
No. 827 Mission st
2 frontages; elevator; modern building.
Elze 26x160 feet
Suitable for furniture or any other first-
class wholesale business. For further par-
ticulars apply BPECK & CO.. 607 Market st
GEARY. 1B13A — New and convenient; $16.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
PART of flna office reasonable to nice tenant;
attendant;- telephone. Rent box 1033, Call.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting oa
2 «ts.; below Kearny st. 636 Clay st. room 1.
PALMISTRY.
DON'T fail to read about ISMAR, the Woman
of Mystery, on page 19.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLJ. scientific palmist. 518
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 661.
PERSONALS.
ARE YOU DISFIGURED
WITH FACIAL BLEMISHES?
j Would, you like to hare them removed
successfully without pain and without the use
of surgery or » electricity?
Then come to us. for nowhere else on earth
can this be accomplished. The leading phy-
guna its. ____^ _^
BIRCH ave.. 615. bet. Laguna and Buchanan—
$7; 3 housekeeping rooms.
ELIZABETH. 2, off San Jose ave. — 2 unfurn.
front rooms; light housekpg.; sunny; cheap.
ELLIS. 651 — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
to let ¦ '
FELL. 222 — 4 neatly furnished rooms, $22.
FTLLMORE, 2219, near Clay — 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
FULTON. 671 — 2 furn. rooms for housekeep-
ing; newly renovated; separate entrance; $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 624 — Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; frnshd; gas store; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN 1 GATE ave.. 1202^ — Four furnished
rooms, first floor; gas range; laundry.
HARRISON. 731— Four rooma furnished for
housekeeping; $16; bath..
JUNIPER. 2. oft Folsom, between Tenth and
Eleventh — 2 unfurnished hkpg. rms. bath. $8.
LARKIN, 418 — Furnished sunny room for
housekeeping.
MASON. 611 — Suite of sunny housekeeping
rooms. -I . •. ¦ ,
MCALLISTER. 637 — 8 nice sunny rooms and
bath. $16 60.
MISSION. 2503%— 2 complete housekeeping
rooms with gas stove; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1303. corner Geary — Large sunny
bay-window front parlor with kitchen; flna
gas stove; $13.
CFARRELL! 826—3 • rooms complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
PINE, near Powell — 8 rooms and bath; elegant-
ly furnished for housekeeping; piano; for 2
or 3 months; $40. CENTER & SPADER, 11
Montgomery st
RINCON place. 28, oft Harrison, bet First and
Second — 2 sunny furnished front rooms, with
use ©f kitchen, for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men; view of bay..
SEVENTEENTH. 8874 — 8 or 4 sunny furnished
¦rooms of a cottage : back and front yard;
modern Improvements.
SIXTEENTH. 3077, near Valencia— 2 lar»
sunny connecting rooms for housekeeping.
SMALL back room. $S; large middle room with,
use of kitchen and dining-room. $15; tele-
phone: location Pacific and Vaa Ness aves.
Box 1032. Call. ' '
STEINER. . 1433— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; 2 min-
utes' walk from Morton-st station. 1541
Central ave., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one year, 10-room house; mod-
ern Improvements; sunny location; unfur-
nlshed $35. 1448 Caroline Bt. Alameda.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL MILL VALLEY, ~
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
erty In Mill Valley, known as the Sunnyslda
Tract; the streets have been graded, and will
be sewered and macadamized; the tract com-
mands splendid views of Mount Tamalpals
and the bay; the North Shore Railroad Is
about to expend $2,000,000 to perfect an ideal
ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley.
Send now for plats and prices and go ' and
look at Che property.
McAFEH BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal.
JOSEPH 6TRAUB. •
Romantically situated in Mill Valley; a
cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; basement; on
line of proposed electric road; lot 126x300.
New 6-room cottage; near schoolhouse;
Eastland, Mill Valley; lot 100x190.
A choice lot near the hotel In Larkspur;
lot 50x180.
Particulars JOSEPH BTRAUB, 850 Market
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — By 2 first-class Swedish cooks;
best of city reference. Call J. F. CROSETT
& Co., 834 Sutter st; phone Main C306.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing, housecleaning or sewing,
$1 50 per day. 148 Sixth St., room 22.
REFINED, competent Danish woman desires
position as housekeeper or lady's companion.
Address box 1055. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman' wants to
work by the day washing and housecleaning.
Address M. K., 611 H Minna St.
WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper or as lady's nurse; city preferred.
523 Howard Bt
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fitter and
rapid, wishes work by the day In families;
city or country. Box 1038, Call office. *«»^
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house-
keeper or chamber work in Oakland. Apply
Sunday, 1225 Union Bt., Oakland.'
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
travel with children, or would like a place In
country hotel as assistant; good references.
Box 1031. Call-office. ,
WOMAN wants work by the day or week; un^
derstands general housework; first-class ref-
erences; good laundress. Box 1011, Call.
YOUNG lady to care for child; willing to assist
with upstairs work and mending; wages not
less than $20. Box 1010. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by respectable girl, light
housework or 'care of child; wishes to at-
tend night school. Address 228 Lily ave.
SWEDISH girl, who does not speak English
very readily, wants housework. Address box
1025, Call office. ;.
SMALL girl wishes light work. 214 Clipper
St., bet. 25th and 26th, off Sanchez; Castro-
Btreet car. . - .
ARELIABLE woman wishes washing to do at
home or go out by the day. 24 Lexington
ave., near Eighteenth st
WOMAN wants work by the day? washing,
ironing or housecleaning; $1 a day and car-
fare. Address Laundress, Call Branch, 300
Hayes st.
WOMAN wants washing and lronint by the
day. 131 Taylor st. MRS. G.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes two days
the first of the week. D. D., 259 Shipley st.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes position
as cook; wages $30 to $35. 228 Halght sti,
WANTED — Work by the day, or will do nurs-
ing; Rood reference. 509 Gough Bt
DRESSMAKER, also cloak and suit maker,
( good cutter and fitter, wants a few more en-
gagements by the day; city or country; take
work at home. MISS E. C. BARSS, 16 De
Boom st
JAPANESE girl wishes situation to do cook-
ing and housework or school girl. 1728 Fill-
more et . . . . .
NURSE or housekeeper. 30 San Carlos ave,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
1225 FILBERT — 7 rooms and bath; rent $1S;
large yard; water free.
FOLSOM, 2328 — Bay-window house, 7 rooms,
bath; rent $25.
HOUSED — 4 rooms; 9 Putnam st; rent $3. Ap-
-ply 418 Larkin Bt
6 ROOMS and bath; good yard and cellar; $18;
no children. 51 Langton St.
HOUSES WANTED.
I WILL pay cash for a clean, respectable room-
ing-house, 12 to 15 rooms; east of Van Ness;
no agents. Box 1037, Call office.
HOUSE or flat 6 rooms and bath, bet.- Tay-
lor. Polk. Market. Geary. 108 Hartford st
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO lease for year or longer. 10-room furnished
house, corner Green and Flllmore sts. Apply
bet. 1 and 3 p. m. to MRS. H. S. MARKEY.
Nordhoff Hotel. 939 Bush Bt.
AND FOUKD.
LOST — June 14; a valuable Shrlner badge,
consisting of claws and a suspended star
Bet with a diamond; it Is thought the badge
was lost between Market St. and the Colonial
Hotel on the car. If the finder returns
badge to the Colonial he will receive a liberal
reward.
$10 REWARD — Lost, Saturday, June 14, heavy
press chain; above reward for information
that will lead to Its recovery. J. SULLI-
VAN, 1401 Railroad ave., corner Sixteenth
ave. South; phone Texas 11.
LOST — Diamond ring on Haight-st car, from
Cole st. to ferry, or on steamer Enclnal to
Webster st, Alameda; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 129 Davis Bt
INFORMATION wanted that will help find an
old Spanish-made barber's brass basin; an
heirloom; only valuable to advertiser; suit-
able reward paid. Address W., 401 Cali-
fornia St., room 14.
LOST — Saturday night, ladles' purse on stepa
Native Sons', Hall. Return Grand Secretary's
office; suitable reward.
LOST — Cigar case containing papers value to
owner only.,E. Cooper. 1281 Pacific; reward.
LOBT — On Baker st. bet. Oak and Page, a
silver purse containing a trade dollar. Return
1309 Oak st; reward. .
$5 REWARD on return of a black liberty silk
cape boa with black roses and white lace;i
lost June 12 on Van Ness ave., bet. Washing-
ton Bt. and Paclflo ave. EASTON, EL-
DRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market st
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, black and yellow
spot over right eye. Please return to 420 Her-
mann; reward: ...
LOST — A pass book with the Htf>ernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MICHAEL JAMES KEELIN; No.
250-211. The finder will please return to
bank. . .^
LOST — A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARY CALDWELL. No. 4C-673.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Gold locket; ! single diamond center;
monoRram G. H. ; liberal reward. Address
box ,1002. Call office.
FOUND — A purse containing | money; owner
can obtain same by proving property and
paying expenses. Address 126 28th St.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— To rent a ranch on shares in coast
county^y not far from schoolhouse; will pay
cash f<#- necessary stock, seed and farming
tools. Address Farmer, box 371, Call office.
.STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. -Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf uss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
PRIVATE' party, loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 8.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lfldorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THIS is the best time of the year to have
your piano renovated and put in order. We
have the best tuner and repairer in the city,
and a finely equipped shop in which to do
all kinds of repairing and varnishing; first-
class work will be done at reasonable prices."
Have the piano fixed while you are away on
your vacation. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st
WISSNER, Baumelster or Stqdard pianos are
our most popular instruments. You can buy
""•on the payment plan if you wish. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $95 to $2S0
2 Knabe .$85 to $110
2 Fischer r...$75 to $155
' 1 Bourne ...: .$40
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. .Agents ibr
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237
Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
6HERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth Bts.. Oakland.
.ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. ' 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850. .
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Steinway — A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
OUR pianos, the . leading makers; prices ?100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
AN Estey parlor organ In good condition, for
sale cheap at 1076A Washington st
BANDONION for sale; double octave . with
music. 667A Natoma st
ON sale — A large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell, 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co.. C60 Hayes st
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
large new 3-pedal upright piano. . 330^"urk.
$160 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright : easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 031 Market st—
Eteck, Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
ENAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
KXJLT.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nln?#.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Suit of clothes to order In exchange
for first-class dental work. Box 1030, Call.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office.. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes,
any. condition. Farnsworth Electrical Wks.,
185 Jessie st. .
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
Bend postal; will call. Box 4S0O, Call office.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at; tel. Jessie 235L
elclans ol this state indorse our treatment
and we will be pleased to have you call and
read what they have to say; and also to coma
and see the living models.
. Wrinkle*, baggy eyelids, crows feet, birth-
marks, smallpox plttlngs, scars, freckles,
moth patches, eczema, etc., removed, and
our work guaranteed perfectly harmless.
THE HARRIS INSTITUTE OF DERMA-
TOLOGY,
608 Sutter at. Bowhay building.
v
RUPTURE— The terrible suffering, mentally
and physically. Is now something of the past
Those afflicted can realize the dellvaranoo
from fear of strangulation which often means
the surgeon's knife or death. Hunter's lat-
est rupture holder (entirely new) prevents
. the hernia from protruding, assisted by an
abdominal support, which holds the intes-
tines back from the orifice. The pads press
securely on the outer and , inner ring; no
Bteel springs used; no elastic belt; no leg
strap; no slipping of the belt nor pads. A
wide galvanic belt Is used for supporting the
back, kidneys and lumbar muscles. Call
at HUNTER' 8 Sanitarium, which Is pro-
vided with the best of surgical and medical
attendance, 1206 Market st
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and -faded,
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem-
edy Is superior to all other tonics and restor-
atives. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never falls.
Bold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
8S0 Geary st The Star Remedy Co. •*
IT Is not claimed that Viavi can cur* the In-
curable, but thousands of women who ' had
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief
have been restored to .health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co., 2304
Van Ness ave.. San Francisco; teh East 282.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR. O S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer.- the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
-G. S. MOORE. 3.-S2 O'Farrell st. 3. F.
A — BALD heads' -delight; Egyptian Hair
Grower positively cures baldness, falling
hair, dandruff, eczema; affidavits and prom-
inent citizens can be' seen; call and see a
shoemaker we cured of baldness at 423A
Jones. Ledet Co., 418% Post; agents wanted.
AN 'elegant line of remnants for suits to order
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117
«t. between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES — Come where you get real bargains-
stylishly trimmed hats. $1 up; fine Tuscan
• straws. .45c; trimmings sold at cost; hats
trimmed, 25c; pressed and cleaned, 25c New
store, 238 4th st. bet. Howard and Folsom.
MY wife, KATHERINE. DOYLE, having left
my bed and board, I will not any longer be
responsible for any debts contracted by her
from May 28. PETER W. DOYLE.
ELKCTRIC light In every room — Winchest-r
He tel, 44 Third st. near. Market: 700 rooms
25c to $150 per night; $1 60 to $d per week"-
tree 'bus and baggage to and from th* ferry.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble-
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER GOU-
LET, Sacramento, Cal.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale- also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk cortieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st. Oakland.
A FULL line of switches, wigs and front pieces-
: £*uS& s a t y 8tyle ' 25c - °- lsperer;
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order- Si each-
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.*
ANY scalp | disease I guarantee to cure- hair
grown; gray restored; hair dressing; all man-
lcurlng 25c. Mrs. E, R. Dunlap. 34 Kearny.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk st. S. Ff; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadwa y.
BENS ATIONAL— Book for men; amusing mys^
" tlfying. instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st." S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt s union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Marketsts.
NO^,i reaiiy ~~ Jun .* . Et y le » Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods J
,W. EVANS. 1021 Market st. near Sixth..
YOUNG man. 34, would like to correspond with
young lady or young widow; object matri-
mony. Address box 1066, Call offlc*
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nished; gas, bath and sunny; front and house-
keeping.
TAYLOR. 248, cor. Ellis— 3 sunny connecting
housekpg. &. single nns.; phone Howard 1777.
TEHAMA, 44 — Two front housekeeping rooms.
THIRD, 362^ — Sunny front rooms; furnished;
housekeeping; $1 60 up; single front room $3
month.
TWENTY-THIRD. 8728, near Dolores— 4 nlc«
rooms complete.
VAN NESS ave.. 1004— Sunny furnished hous«-
keeplng suite, with yard; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave., 402— Entire upper flat* 8
rooms; neatly furnished; gas stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions)
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st
ROOMS TO LET— Fara. and Unfnra.
ANGELUS NOW OPEI*
. New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 630
Stockton st. bet. Bush and Pine.
AKOTLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; 75a day upward; McAllister cars tst
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Room*,
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooma; open all night
AT ••The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
T, U & 'Hi room * 25e « 00o « * L V M nls*U
$1 60 to $10 per. week; house open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day.
week or month: bath; phone. 832 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1084— Furnished room In gentleman' a
private home; front room; sun all day. Phona
Larkln 4133.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 118 — Sunny nice furnished front suites
cheap; other rooms. $6 to $8 month; no trans.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 33c.
$1 SO night; $1 50. $8 week; open all night.
FOLSOM. 620 — Sunny furnished first floor fo»
family with children; large grounds.
FOLSOM. 820. near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
• rooms.
Grand Southern. 7th A Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 60 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HAYES. 829 — Large furnished room for two
gentlemen; breakfast and supper optional.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed rooms. $5 per month.
LARKIN, R19 f 2 — Large sunny room: every con.
venier.ee; gas; bath; phone Hyde 2036.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 725%. bet 8th and Oth— Large front
bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
MISSION. 10C1. opp. new Postofflce— Double
and single rooms; sunny; convenient
OAK, 123 — Nicely furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; $7. • ..
O'FAKRELL, 317 — Sunny furnished rooms ¦vi'fc
bath; gentlemen preferred; $10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 402. comer Taylor— Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
PINE place. 6. off Pine st, near Mason apply
at — Three unfurnished rooms.
POST. 636— Large Trout room; running water;
other rooms, $7, $8/ $10.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reaaing-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $3; month $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SEVENTH. 145— Nicely furnished pleasant
room, suitable for 2. $8; gentlemen; no sign.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elshth st ,
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished,
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny furnished room*.
single suite; also housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER. 949— Elegant furnished rooms, wlta
or without board; bath; 10 minutes* walk o<
Kearny st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern lmproT**
ments. 3446 Twentieth st. near Capp.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions)
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Fllto"—7:30 a
8:80 p
1 The total number of pensioners on the
roll during the fiscal year ended June 30,
1901, was 1,041,321, and the number remain
ing on - the roll at the close . of j the year
was 997,735, an increase of .4206, as com
pared with the number of pensioners at
the : close of the fiscal year 1900. < This is
over. 4000 in excess of, any previous year,
and constitutes "high-water mark" in the
history of the bureau.— Courier Journal.
More Pensioners Than Ever.
Austria-Hungary has increased 4,000,000,
or 9 per cent, In ten years. The I popula
tion of Switzerland in 1900 was 3,312,551, an
Incrase of 400,000. :i Italy has - increased
from 28,459,628 in 1881 to 32,449,754 in 1901.
The northern nations are increasing about
1 per cent a year. . ¦ _.
I England, including Wales, has increased
12 per cent ;in ten years. Ireland, from
well known political .causes, is declining,
her population being now about one-half
what it was in 184L Scotland, on the con
trary, has nearly doubled In the same
period. '. '' ' -
Everywhere "the will to live" is asssert
e.l in a growing population, save in France
— the one exception in all the world. The
exception makes a problem ', which may
well absorb , the attention of . the scien
tific world. . /
• Germany now has 56,345,014 inhabitants,
an increase of 7.78 per cent since 1895, due
almost entirely to an excess of births over
deaths. The contrast in this respect be
tween Germany, and "France is startling
in its suggestions. ¦;
The only increase , in France since 1S06
is in the large cities, principally Parts; and
much of this is due to immigration. Else
where in the republic the population is
decreasing. . . .
analysis of census enumerations In
Europe made for a scientific Journal of
Paris and reproduced In the Literary Di
gest discloses some interesting but inex
plicable facts. .! '''i'-fry.
Show a Good Gain in
Population.
All tbe Countries Except France
THE "WILL TO LIVE" MAKES'
EUROPEAN INCREASE
But the Prime . Minister trembled when
he heard these words, and he said to his
master. "I am troubled, my heavenly
sovereign, by this terrible message. Con
tinue, I pray, to play the august lute."
The Emperor Chua comenced, to play
softly; gradually the sound died away,
all was: still. They.held a light to his
face and saw that he was dead. But
the Empress put herself at the head of
her fleet, invaded the land of gold and
silver with her warriors, and soon made
the three kingdoms of Korea tributary
to Japan.
These things happened, we are told, in
the year 201 A. D., and the story of the
valiant empress is as familiar to a Jap
anese as is that of Boadicea to ourselves.
—Nineteenth Century." . -1- v £
, Then the god was filled with anger, and
again he moved ¦ the Empress to proph
esy. You are not fit," she said, "to rule
this empire. Go. the- one road." '.
Seventeen centuries ago the ( Japanese
Emperor Chuai was playing a lute in the
presence of his wife and Prime Minister.
Whether on account of the music or
from some other cause, the Empress be
came inspired with a divine afflatus and
began to utter the thoughts put into her
mind by the Deity. "There is a land- to
the westward," she exclaimed, "and in
that land is abundance of treasure, gold
and silver, dazzling to look upon. This
land I will now. bestow upon you."
The gmperor pushed away his lute. "If
you -go' up -to a high place and look
towarcP~the west," he said, "there is no
land to be seen, but only the great
waters. . They are lying spirits who are
talking to you.'' ....
Japanese Legend of How the Land
Was Added to the Em
pire A. D. 201.
THE FIRST CONQUEST OF
THE HERMIT KENGKDOM
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan ' 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav.. 80 85 Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..530. — |
STREET RAILROADS. , : :¦'•-
California ..170 — Market 99%101
Geary — — Presidio 39 — -
POWDER. <
Giant 69% 70 (Vigorit S& 4
¦SUGAR.
Hana ....... 4 . 4% Kliauea .... — 10
Hawaiian . . — 40 Makawell ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 11 12%|Onomea .... 23% 24W
Hutchinson . 12% 13; iPaauhau ... 12 13 .
,-'¦: " MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158 *160 Pao A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.165
Cal Wine As. 09%10OU Par Paint ..23 — .
Oceanic S Co — : 25
Morning Session.
Board —
$2000 Los Angeles Railway 6s 119 00
Street— ,
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Ill 75
$5000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5s.. 100 00
PRODUCER'S OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Petroleum Center 02
250 Sterling 1 55 ,
400 Twenty-Eight 1 23 '
Street —
50 Peerless (b 90) 0 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morales Session.
800 Caledonia .... 90 lOOO Potosi 18
600 Chollar 10 700 Potosi 10
500 Hale & Nor.. 48 200 Savage ... 12
400 Mexican 47
Following were the sales in tha Paciflo Stock
Exchange yesterday :
'¦:' ',C ' Morning " Session. ¦ .
1000 Best & Belch 12 1 500 Mexican 45
100 Caledonia ... 8S 200 Ophir .... 1 2°V>
300 Chollar ....... 10 500 Potosi 19
500 Chollar 09) 500 Potosi 18
500 Crown Point. 03 1000 Seg Belcher.. 04
800 Gould & Cur 07 ! 200 Sierra Nevada 1-*
500 Mexican . 47 ' 200 Union Con .. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 14—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Alpha 02 03!julla - 04
Alta ....."... 05 07'Justice 02 03
kndes 02 03 Kentuck ... 01 02
pelcher .... 13 14 Mexican 44. 45
Best & Bel.. 12 J 3 Ophir 120 125
Bullion 02 03 Overman ... 33 34
C C & Va. ..1 35 1 40 Occidental . 11 13
Chollar 09 .10 Potosi .\ 18 19
prown Point. 04 05 Savage 10 11
Caledonia ..89 90 Sierra Nev.. 14 15
Challenge . . 14 15 Beg Belcher.. 03 05
Confidence ..60 62 Silver Hill.. 48 49
Exchequer .. 01 02 Utah ....... 01 02
Could & Cur. 07 08 Union 19 20
Hale & Nor. 48 49 Yellow Jack. 17 18
Imperial ... — 02 - ,¦
W. D. '¦ Henderson to Jane Henderson, lot ¦ on
8 line of Virginia street, 287- W of Shattuck
"State Savings Bank to Adam and' Mary C.
Guenther,'- lot on W: line of Adeline street,
231:4 8 of Fairview, W 117:4 to point on line
parral el with . Fairview distant ICO E from E
line of Regent-street Homestead. Sr 36.05, E
103.05,. N 40, block 2,. map property < of A. B.'
Dlxon at'Alcatraz station. Berkeley;. $1O.,;--. ¦.<;.••
Edward W. and Mary Isabella Curry (wife)
to Lydia Ferrier, (wife of John L.),' lot On N
line of Francisco street, 212 W of Grant. W
48 by N 135:4%, being the W 28 feet of lot
9 and E 20 feet of lot 8.- block 2; map State
University Homestead Association No. ¦ i,
Berkeley; $10." . .
George E. and Annie H. Bandle to Coleman
Foley, lot on . SE corner of Grant street and
Bancroft way. S 62.8 by E 130. lot 24. block
14, McGee Tract, Berkeley; $5. • . ..
Mountain : View Cemetery Association to N
B. Cook and James B. Barber, lot in ceme
tery, Oakland" Township; $118. •
Amanda: C. Horton (widow) to John • Duns
tan (married),' lot on SB line of Rose avenue,
342.55 NE from E line of Echo avenue, NE 50
by BE 150, portion subdivision 28, map No.- 2,
Glen Echo Tract, being portion, plat 14, Oak
land Township; $660. ¦ ' • • ,
¦ F. J. and Dell C. Woodward to Lucy B
Blackwood, lot on W line of Valdez street,
67:6 S of Twenty-fourth, S 82:6 by W 100
Oakland; $10. . ¦,.-¦¦
A. W. and Llllas Smith (wife) to Anna C
Greely (wife of Frank N.), the SE 40 feet of
lot 9, block J, map No. 4, Flint Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Henry W. and Emma T. Blore to Home
Building Company (a corporation) 'lot 18 in
subdivision C, Map of the 'Fruttvale Terminal
Tract,: Brooklyn Township; $10.
Continental Building and loan Association
(a corporation) to EubraE. Bryant, eame
Brooklyn Town>hlp; $10. ' '
F. W. Weyhe to Anna C. Hahn (wife of
Fritt) and Helen Smith (wife of J. George) lot
In Masonic Cemetery; $10. •„ , ' ¦
Alameda County. .
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot 1, block 6
lot 6, block 25, S % lot 12 and all lot 13 block
12, Paul Tract Homestead Association; $10
Home Building Company to same, lot on E
line of Athens street, 200 S of Brazil, S 25 by
E 100, lot 2, block 73, Excelsior - Homestead
Association; $10. ¦ .
Antoine and Grade . Borel to Adolph Sutro
lot commencing at intersection of N boundary of
San Miguel Rancho with the Byfleld and Peter
Schaadt Tract, NE' 131.73, E 12 N 45 SB
109.77, SW 35.75, SW 187:1, lot 42 block H
also lot commencing at Intersection- of W
boundary of Myers' nursery and N boundary of
San Miguel Rancho, SW 124:5, NW 73-6 E
101, S 62-100, lot 32, block C; also lot on N line
of Sunset avenue, 285; 75 N of San Miguel
Rancho, thence at right angles N 86 degrees
W 119.87. NE 50, SE 109.49, SW 50. lots 80 and
81, block H, all In Haley & Farnsworth sub
division of Sunset Heights; $1. .
James Gately to Margaret McDonald, lot on
SW corner of Tennessee and Butte streets S
100 by W, 100; also lot on E line of Tennessee
street, 125 N of Sierra, N 25 by E 100;. gift.
St. Elmo Hospital (corporation) to College of
Physicians and Surgeons of San Francisco (cor
poration), lot on SW corner of Douglass street
and Caselll avenue, W 206:8 by S 228. excepting
lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 151 :4 W of
Douglass, W 51:4 by N 114; $10.
Estate of Caroline Gilbert (by Clarence C.
Burr, executor) to Charles L. Tilden, lot on
NW corner of Sixteenth and Carolina streets
W 200 by N 400; $22,500.
Thomas W., Katherine A., Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Matilda Olsen (wife of
Hans), .. lot, on E line of Utah street, 175 S of
Nineteenth, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Ellen J. Hyde (widow) to Phlllnda G. Lin
coln, lot on S line of Post street, 174 W of
Montgomery, W CO, S 90:3, SE 3, NE 34 E
22:7, NW 7, E 20. >? 60:7%, quitclaim deed; $5.
Louise Orjubln to Anna Sullivan and Julia
Hartnett, lot on SW line of Montgomery ave
nue, 40.26 NW of Powell street, also 82:6 S of
Filbert, NW 39.04, W 36.76, S 30, E 61.74; $10.
Hannah and John N. Powers to Christian H.
and Pauline A. Westphal, lot on NW corner of
Eighth and Tehama streets, NW 25 by SW
100| $10. .. . . . ¦•, • •
Susie Woods to Enos Woods, lot on W line
of York street, 135 S of Twenty- second. 8 25
W 73 1-37. NW 27 26-37. E 85 2-37; also lot
on E Una of York street. 200 S of Twenty-sec
ond. S 25 by E 100; gift. .
AbbieR, Wood to same, same; $10.
Estate Joseph M. Wood, (by Abble R. Woo'l
and Martha W. Caughlan, executors) to Robert
M. Cruickshank, lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 189 :0ft E of Church, E 75 by S 100;
$4425.
George H. and Marilla C. W. Moore, C.-H.
and Carrie L Olinger to Myra Arnes (wife of
John H.),.lot on E line of Portola street, 116
S of Waller. S 25 by E 90, lot 9, block . 1.
Marion Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Same to William H. and Ada E. Mathewg,
lot on N line of Carl street, 179 E of Cole,
E 25 by N 137:6; $10. • ¦
William D. and Anna C. Meyer to Andrew
I* Edwards, lot on N line of Carl street, 154
E of Cole. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Peter and Bridget Shewbridge to Bridget
Kelly, lot on E line of Ferrie street, 300:4 N
of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 116:11%; $10.
Samuel and Anna M. Martlu to W. F. Shat
tuck, lot on :W line of Steiner street, 82 :« N
of Vallejo, N 27:6 by W 110; $10.
Estate Joseph M. Wood (by executors) to
Samuel Martin, lot on W line of Stelner street,
65 N of Vallejo, N 65 by W 110; $4000.
James Fogarty to Nora Fogarty (wife), , lot
oh NE corner "of Fell and Fillmore streets, N
75 by E 100; gift
Joseph and Jane Brandensteln, Simon and
Sophia Bachman to Clara H. Martin, . lot on
S line of Jackson street, CO E of Octavia, E 40
by S 127:8^; $10. >
SATURDAY. JUNE 14.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alfred Harmaworth's "Dally. Mall Year
Book for 1902" and the London Times
agree In giving the premier place to the
United States as regards wealth. This ac
cords also with the Mulhall statistics. The
"Daily Mail Year Book," under the head
of "Wealth," places the leading nations
in the following order:
United States ..-..'. £16,350,000,000
United Kingdom 11.806,000.000
France 9,690,000,000
Germany 8,052,000,000
Russia 6,425,000,000
In percentage of debt to wealth the
United States shows the lowest amount,
as follows: ...
United States ....... .\.................. 1.4
United Kingdom 6.0
Germany -8.1
Russia 11.1
France 12.8.
The Indebtedness of the five nations Is
as follows:
United . States £221,000 000
Germany ...;. 651,000,000
United Kingdom 706,000,000
Russia ..:..... 711,000,000
Prance 1,239,000,000
The United States Having Most and
Owing Least Leads Far
: - the Others.
WEALTH AND DEBTS •
OF LEADING COUNTRIES
Continued From Page Thirty-Five.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H C Neff, Watsonville
J Wise, Texas
W P Meroney, Cal
Mrs S J Small. Los An
E C Livingston & w,
Redding
E E Herrlman, Cal
A P Wilson, Los Ang
W Morrow, New York
J A Harger, Visalla
E W Windemann &
party, Illinois
J C Bernhardt, N Y
T Parker, Kansas
A.Peterson, Salt Lake
G Jellison, Omaha
Mrs S Mitchell, Oakld
Miss F Mitchell, Oakld
<B.T..t..T..t..T..T..T..T..T..'..t..1
W R Morria, Cal
J M Joseph & w, Cal
F Hansen, Boulder Crk
i W H Colwell. Eureka
, Mrs Smith, Sonoma
G A Dornbush, Pittsbg
C C Dornbush. Pa
S*A Harris, Texas
: C A Prafton, Texas
L H Streckland, Sacto
i C R Collingwood. L An
H Wilson, Los Anff
L E King. Los Ang
W J Frost. New York
i J Molinori& w. N T
O L Lang, Buffalo
H Wilson. Detroit
UJ L Boyd & w, Omaha
•I"M"!"l":-M"I"!"M-a
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
He was always philosophical over his
business reverses. Of late he had estab
lished his right to several legacies, which
unfortunately he rHrf not live to enjoy.
Damon was a wholesaler and jobber in
boots and shoes up' to the tim^of the big
Boston fire in 1873. He conducted a whole
sale store on Milk street, just in the rear
of. the famous Old South Meeting House.
There he inaugurated the original idea of
sending all his goods C. O. D., refusing to
open accounts with any of his customers.
He acknowledged In after years, however,
that this was a mistake. During the early
sixties his business flourished, and Mr.
Damon made considerable money on the
rapid rise in shoes. Later he met with
financial reverses and gave up the whole
sale trade. But up to the last he took a
very active interest in the shoe business.
The man who originated it died the
other day In Waltham, Mass. It wasn't
the C. O. D. system that killed him. Far
from it! He lived to be 77 years old, yet
he wouldn't say exactly, even up to the
day of his death, whether or not the sys
tem had been an actual benefit to him.
It helped him at first, no doubt. He wag
Henry Damon, an-i he was born in I the
town of Lincoln, Mass., on November 6,
1824. In one way or another he was con
nected with the boot and shoe trade for
more than sixty years, and literally "died
in the harness."
"When you get a package by express,
with a CO. D. bill in the hands of the
expressman and a lot of peculiar marks
on the goods, do you ever pause to -won
der, as you feel for your pocket-book,
how, when and where, or by whom, this
convenient system of doing business was
devised? Probably not. It has been in
operation so long that the present gener
ation doubtless fancies that it is as old as
business itself— or, at least, as old as the
express business. .
Scheme Has Proven of Ad
vantage.
Doubt as to Whether or Not Hl3
DEATH OF THE FATHER
OF THE C. 0. D. SYSTEM
The Senator has now taken proceedings
against. the paper, claiming that the poli
tics of the successful candidate were not
those of "the family, religion and prop
erty, laid down as the line of conduct
for the paper by the original proprietress.
. At the recent local council election M.
de 'Launay was opposed by Viscount de
Kerguezec, and supported royalist'prin
ciples, and on the back page the Viscount
ridiculed- his . royalist competitor, and
urged the advantages of republicanism.
This peculiar kind of controversy went
on until the election was over, when M.
de Launay was beaten by Viscount de
Kerguezec. • '
• Having no political principles, the edi
tor let" but the front page to the royalist
Senator, M.' Le Prevost de Launay, who
utilized • it for the support of monarchical
principles.
A few years ago the proprietress of Le
Journal de Treguier had made over, the
concern to her editor, stipulating I only
that the paper should always uphold
"family, religion and property." 7 .'
Curious and somewhat amusing is the
newspaper case about to be commenced
before the Civil Tribunal of Lannion, in
France, says the Chicago Journal.
While the Last Upholds
His Opponent.
First Page Devoted to One Candidate,
IMPABTIAL JOTJBNAIJSM
AS FOUND IN FBANCE
. Lewis Meyerstein (owner) with Judson Manu
facturing Company (a corporation) (contract
ors), architect M. J. Lyon — Iron and steel work
for alterations and additions to a four-story
brtck building on SE corner of Post and Kearny
streets, S 33 by. E 60; $4375..
Same owner with H. Maundrell (contractor),
architect same— Painting, graining,' polishing,
tinting for same on same; $1340.
John Forbes • (owner) with Charles E. Co
burn • (contractor), architects S. Schnalttacher
and F. D. Boese— All work and material ex
cepting lumber, ornamentation '.and painting
for a two-story frame cabinet shop nad ware
room on N line of Filb.ert street 184:9 W of
Van- Ness avenue. W 83:4 by N 275; $2025.
Walter H. Linforth (owner) with'O. A. Crae
mer (contractor), "architect C. A. Meussdorf
fer — All work except plumbing, painting, tiling,
electrical work, mantels, gas fixtures and'
shades for a . three-story basement and attic
frame building "(flats) on NW corner of Wash
ington and Leavenworth streets. W 67 by N
70; $10,375. ; ¦ .
lathing, plastering, plumbing, painting for al
terations and additions to same on same; $4270.
Esther M.' Wilson (owner) with H. William
son Company (contractor), architect — .
Gas fitting, plumbing and sewering for a three
story frame building on SE corner of Lyon
and Jackson streets; E 91 by S 32:8%; $1209..
Arthur Ballly (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor), architect . All work for
a two-story frame building (two flats) on W
line of Eighth avenue. 92 S of Lake street, S
33 by W 120; $4560.
. . Same owner with . Frank Gallagher (con
tractor), architect same— -Carpenter, hardware/
Roman* Catholic. .Archbishop of San ' Fran
cisco (owner), with Kcatinge & Leonard (con
tractors), architect Thomas : J. Welsh-^Con
crete and cement work and concrete floors for
alterations . and ¦ additions to frame church with
basement on N line of Page street, 133:3 W of
Masonlo avenue. -N 137:6 by W 60/ W A. 664"
$1COO: ¦;v..-v:.' ¦ '¦-':':¦.; . -• ¦'¦ - . ? . .
Same owners with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors), architect same— Plumbing,, tiling and
marble work for same on same; $2395
Builders' Contracts.
Alice Phelan - Sullivan ¦ and Mary L. '. Phelan
(owners) with C. A. Ingerson (contractor),
architect - William Curlett — Carpentor plaster
electric and tinners' work for alterations and
additions, to one brick building and one frame
building on E line ofStpckton street 105-6
N of Ellis. N 67 by 75; $4950.
Alice C. Luce (single). to Luclnda F. Prowse
lot . en •¦ W corner of . Main and Calhoun or B
street, NW 200. SW 150, SE 130, NE 42 SE
70, NE 108, block 13, Haywards, Eden Town
ship; grant. 1 -- • . , . .
John : R. Spring to Jacques and Eugenie
Bowne, lot on N line of Railroad avenue 183
W of Concordla street. N 115 by E 32, Ala
meda; '% 10. • ' •
Margaret Carroll (widow) to Frank S Oliver
lot on W line of Fruitvale avenue, 75 8 of
Huff avenue or county road. 1540, 8 76 3 by
W 150, Brooklyn Township; $1600. "
Addle R. and Jonas I. Bowers to William
C. King, lot on . S line of Ashby avenue 1043 6
W of College avenue, W 60, S 140. E 39 N 35
E 11. N. 105. lot 21, block E, map Claremont
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
W. A. and Etta Schrock to J. H. Mallett Jr.
lots 7, 10, 11 and 12, block 8, map Landregan
Tract, Emeryville, Oakland Township- $10
Susan M. McKenzle (single) . to Daniel and
Harriet N. Fairbanks, lot on W. line of Ells
worth street, 200 S of Channlng way, S 70 by
W 150. block .4, map property College Home
stead' Association, Berkeley: $3500.
Mrs. Frieda Stocker (wife of R.) to Elise
Krohn, all interest in agreement of July 20
1899, in 707 D. 55, for purchase of lots 317 to
320 and 8 feet of land W of lots 317 and 31S
block W, map Beulah Park property East
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10. r , .
R. A. Seed* (single) to Nellie Dora Mills
(wife of ' Robert A.), lot on S corner of East
Twentieth street and Twenty-third avenue
SE 110. SW 60, NW to BE line of Twenty
third avenue and NW along said line to - be
ginning, being block I, map 1 subdivision 60,
Associates' Tract, East Oakland, subject to
mortgage for $1500; $10. • .
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Wal
ter H. Chick, the B 61.1 feet of lot 8, block
A, map Peraita Heights, East Oakland; $15,
600. ¦ ' ' ' ' ' '. . . .; V
Katherine and F. Taylor to Harrison White
lot on S line of Knox avenue, 752.29 W from
Telegraph avenue, W 40.68, S 183, E 40 N
175.80, portion of lots 21 and 22, Map of Knox
Park, Oakland; $10. . ./
Golden Gate Congregational Church of Oak
land to N. Castle, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth
street, 90 E from Adeline, N 100 by E 32. block
682. Map of Watts Tract. Oakland ; $2000
Emma Pow Bauder (wife of T. J.) to Nicho
las Castle, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth
street, 88 E of Adeline, E 2 by N 60, Oak
land; $10. ¦ - •" ¦¦¦: -•¦¦¦• -
Florence and M. L. Wicks to Mrs. Laura A.
Born, lot 6 block 489, Map 2 of Briggs Tract
Oakland; $10. .
Soloman and Sarah' Baumgarten (by Ed
Weidler, Constable) to Hugh Shatter Aldrlch,
all interest in lot on N line of Third street, 75
W from Castro W 25 by N 100, lot 23. block 25,
same, Oakland; also lot on- S line of Fourth
street, 125 E from Washington, E- 25 by S 100
lot 11, block 30, same, Oakland; $132.' ' "
Hugh Shafter Aldrich toE. B. Thome, same
Oakland: $200. '¦ '
Vincent and Adele Hook to Paclflc Home Co
operative Company, lot on SE corner of Elev
enth and Jackson streets, E 100 by 8 50, block
139, Kellersberger's Mnp. Oakland; $5200.
Pacific Home Co-operative Company to Vin
cent Hook, same, Oakland; $4450.
Antonio E. or Antone E. Sanchez to Jose C.
Sanchez (wife of Fred G.) lot on • S line of
Spring street, 64:6 W from NE corner of lot
24. block J, etc., S 173, parallel with E line of
Second street to N line of lot 22. W 99:8 to Sec
ond, N 128 to S line of Spring, etc., E 109,
being W portion of lots 23 and -24 and all of
lot 25, block J, Map cf E Extension of Pleas
anton, .Murray Township; $450. i
Emelia B. Alexander (daughter of Jose Reyes
Bernal, deceased) to Joseph Nevis, all interest,
being one-seventh of a two-fifteenths Interest,
etc., in lot/on W line of Main street, SW 132.64
from its Intersection with S line of Rose ave
nue, etc., said beginning point being the most
southerly corner of tract conveyed to Joseph
Nevis, 737 D. 430. thence SW 61.90, NW 228.64,
NE. 90.13 to S line of lands of J. J. Murphy,
thence along same SE 81.36 to said land of
Joseph Nevis, thence along same SW 36, SE
150, to beginning, portion of an unnumbered
lot of Mao of Nevis Tract, also portion plat 44
of Bernal, portion Rancho El Valle de San
Jose, and personal property. Murray Township;
$57. . . - - ,
Leander Griffin (by W. H. H. Hussey, Sher
iff) to John S. Matthews, lot on SE line of
Ninth avenue, 75 SW from East Eighteenth
Btreet. SW 75 by SE 150, East Oakland; also
lot on SW corner of West Tenth and Cypress
streets, S 80 by W 65. portion of block 552,
Map of Eighth-street Tract, Oakland; $148.
Hibernia Savings and Loan . Society to Alice
M. Chlpman, lot on E line of Weber street,
925 S of Central avenue, E 100, S 250 to waters
of. bay of San..Francisco,: NW. along, shore ,llne
of said bay to point on E line of Weber per
pendicularly distant 1131:5 S from S line of
Central avenue, N 206:5, lots 149, 151 and 153
and portions ot lots 155 and 156, map Enclnal
Park Tract. Alameda; $5000.
Wilhelm H. P. and Lillian Brandes to Lu
theran Christ Church of Alameda,' lot on N
line of Haight avenue, 130 E of Seventh street,
E 50 by S 132:6, portion lots 6. to 11, both in
clusive, block C, map plat of property of
James Riddell, Alameda; $10.
Clarence P. and Jennie Jones to Herbert and
Frances M. Allaire, lot on N line of Washing
ton street. 40 W of Merrill avenue, W 35 by
N 124:6, portion lots- 18 and 19, block A, map
eame, Brooklyn Township; $10.-
Samuel and Isabella' Hawkins to "" Edward
and Elizabeth Burns, lot 14 in subdivision G,
map Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
A. L. Sobey (single) to M. Ellen Hubbard
(single), lot on N line of Francisco street, .200
W of McGee, N 135:4% by W 40. .being the
W 40 feet of lot 9, block 1, map State Univer
sity Homestead Association No. 5, Berkeley;
$300.
Herman Whirlow (executor of estate of Har
riet B. Nutting) to John M. Foy, all Interest
in lot on S line of Bristol street, 250 E of Cali
fornia, E 50 by S 125, lot 18, range of lots 11,
map Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $150.
Same (executor of estate of Joseph. E. Nut
tingj to same, all interest in lor on S line of
Bristol street, 20b E of California, E 50 by S
125, lot 77 In same, Berkeley: $150.
Albert 8. Woodbridge to P. W. Lee, lot on
B line of Wallace avenue, 477:11 E of San Pab
lo, E 98, S 192:3, W 98:5, N 198^10, being W
98 feet of lot 20, map of Coggeshall Tract^Oak
land Township $10. /
¦ Norah Chidson (wife of Charles R.) to Louis
J. Davis, lot on S line of Hanover avenue, 214
W of Newton avenue, W 85, S 125.15, E 35 N
120.90, portion of lot 13, block E, map of Per
aita Heights, East Oakland; also lot on E line
of Myrtle street. 103:6 S of West Fourteenth
(since widening), S 40 by E 125. ' portion ¦ lot
9, block B, map of Oakland Central Homestead
Association, Oakland: $10.
Helen Augusta Williamson to A. J. Snyder,
lot on S line of Thirty-second street 310 E of
Grove, E 40 by S 140, being E 40 feet of lot
17, map of Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Annie L. and John Alexander to Michael and
Ellen E. Fahey. lot on NW corner of Miranda
street and Claremont ¦ avenue, N 60 by W 150,
lot 139, block H, map of Vicente Peraita Res
ervation Tract, Temescal*, Oakland; $5. . •
Michael and Ellen E. Fahey to John Detro,
same; $10.
Ellen L. . and Nicholas Castle to John
Mitchell, lot on S line of Thirty-third street,
110 W of Market, S 87.29 by W 40, block Q,
map of property of Central Land- Company,
Oakland, warranty deed; $500. .
William and Aggie E. Corbln (wife) to Con
tinental Building and Loan Association lot on
S line of Tompklns street, 407:1% W of Dwin
dle, S 135, W 57:4%, N 135:4, H 47:1%, por
tion lot 4, block 7, map State University
Homestead Association' No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Same to- same, lot 29 and S % - lot 28, map
Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
i Syndicate Investment Company to Ethel
Oleen (widow), lot on W corner of Putnam and
'Bassett streets, NW 50, SW 82:1, SE 60.72 NE
90.72, lots 5 and 6, block 751, map of Syndi
cate Investment Company's subdivision of
blocks 751 to 754, 769 and 770, Levy "and Lane
tracts, Fruitvale, Brooklyn Township; $10. t
Alfred and Emma Gustafson to Thomas E.
and Mary L. Mohler. lot on SW line of East
Twenty-third street, 125 SE cf Twenty-third
avenue, SW 135.21, SE 33.92, WE 135.26, NW
37.48, lot 19, block C, map of block C, subdi
visions of Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. \ , •
Georglanna de R. Baronidis to Carl Feutsch,
lot 15, block 13, Home-Park Tract, Berkeley,
$10. . ¦ • pi*. :¦..-¦ . .. ¦ .. ,-
State Savings Bank to Mary Foubert (wife E.
J.), lot 84, block 4, map Grove-street Line
Tract, Berkeley; $10. . ¦.'¦-, " . ,. ¦<¦¦
John and Ada M. Hinkel (wife) to Susie C.
Brower, lot on S line of Haste street 150 W of
Ellsworth. W 50 by S 135 portion lot 3 block 4
Map property College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10. ¦ l\ ,::>..
M. E. Jaquilla.rd (femme sole) to George. E.
Bandle, lot on S line of Simpson avenue - (now
Twenty-third street) 650.90 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 50 . by S 100.33, lot 16, map Simp
son's Tract, Oakland; $10. - • _-
Halver aud Mary Ellingson (wife) to George
and Magdaline J. Kitto, lot 40 block D Map
Broadway and? Telegraph Avenue Homestead,
Oakland; $10. -
Peder Sorenseh to Johanna Sorensen; lot 'on
NE corner Campbell and • .West ; Fourteenth
streets, E 35 by N 105:7%, block 727-B Map
Tract 3S2 Witcher's Map of Oakland; gift .
Rcalna Grdndona (widow) to Jesse Grondona,
lot on SW. corner of Thirteenth and Wood
streets, S 30:50 by W 100, Oakland; $10.- ...
Janie M. Austin (single) to Charles .V. Cross,
lots 9 and 10 block P Map of Resubdivislon of
portion of Roberts and Wolf skill • Tract, . Oak
land; $10. , '
Mary Delucchi (single) to George I Sterling,
lots 1 to 5,- Map Merced-avenue Tract, 1 Oakland;
also lots 10, 11, 27 and 28, same map; also. lots
29 to 37, same map, and all interest in streets,
quitclaim deed; $10. . .
Favalia and Porter T. Peabody to George. W.
and Marie Snyders (wife), lot onv-W = line ."¦ of
Pearl street, 250 S of Central avenue,' 8, 60 by
W 272, lot 6/ block 10, map Hayes &;Caiperton
property in town of Alameda; $2080.*?-,- .'"V;'
avenue, W SO by 8 134:67,: lot 4. resubdivls
lonal map, block C, Janes Tract, Berkeley;
gift../ . . -.-¦. •¦ ;; : ¦;. -. -,-' ¦ - ,-.¦ •"-:-¦«>--¦ ••
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE v: 15, 1902.
39
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CHICAGO
'» L,ES$ THAU
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINB
Pullman fourteen-section Drawing-Koom
and Private Compartment; Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars— meals ¦ a la carts.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Dally Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday* and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
r. r. Ritchie
61T MARKET ST. Gen. Agent P»« fie Cout
Palace Hotel ¦ .' " San Francisco, .
: hORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
>*.':: VI* Sn.naa.il to Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.T.av
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— ti:45, »7:45, 8:43, 8:30l 11:W
a. m.. 12:20. U:45. 3:1B. 4:18. B:lC «»:1»T
6:45, 9:40. 11:45 p. m. I'M a. m. does not
tun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7 :W. 8 :0C n y:00. «10:00. U:0<)t
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. •1:30. 2:30. '3:43. ft:00, «:ua
7:30, u:45. 11:45 p. m. ¦
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-8:2p. •6:20. 7:40. 8:15. <9:3Q.
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15, *3:30, 4:40, 5:30. 6:44k
10:15 ». m. ¦ ¦
SUNDAYS— «:00. »8:00. 8:30. U1:00 «. m,.
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:18. •i-.SO. 4:18. •5:43, 6:ial
7:»0, 10:15 P. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DA YS-r5:40. 8:40,-7:45. 8:25, y{ix
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 0:10. 6:20, 7:Iu*
Sundays— 6:30. 7:55, io:m, jiiib a. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00, «: 05. 7:15, 10:*i
P * **" THROUOB TRAINS.
' 7 :45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' '
8:16 t>. m. Saturdays — Cazadero .and way
stations. . . . • .
' 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦.-.
. 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. -
Legal Holiday I boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time. .
J inc •¦/; HxiE fASx. AND
YUKON ROUTc ;
Shortest and quickest route to At-
lln, Blar. Salmon. White Horse,
llootnllnqaa, Stewart River,
Klondike, Koynkak and Ya-
i Icon Mlnlnc Dlstricta. - - — ' ,
ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAWS' N
, TEN DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO
DAWSON.
v For full Information apply to '
. J. FRANCIS LEE. Ts. P. BROWN.
1 Traffic Mgr.. v Seat- Gen. Agent. B3«
.'¦- .tie. x . Wash.; Skag- Market St.. Ean
' uay, Alaska. , Francisco.
XI and so Fifth St. Tel. South 107
ITJNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
finest Equipment at Moderate Rente*.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
____PHYSICLAJ?S AAD SUBGEOXS.
EUPTL'RE and pile* cured; fto pay until cured-
»c operation; no detention from business- all
Ciyate diseases treated successfully; consui-
tlon free. Dra. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
D «^ C ™ O'DO^^ELL— Office and residence.
l(gl^ Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
__2gllgggt__ < >t>erat>on. ¦ Pr. Ball. 1073*4 " Market.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. ,i
ATLANTA Hotel. 452 Ellis— This new, strictly,
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: electric light and elevator; prf^ate
baths; single and euits; hot knd <»w
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER. 603 Van Js'ess ave.; lust
cuned; eleeantly furnished suite or eingis
roon-.s. xv-lth or without bath; excellent table-
references.
E^£ GANTLY Iurnls ked Bunny front suite!
Edd Et. Very convenlence : references. 31^
A TOL'NG gentleman would like board and
room with private family in Alameda; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 1053. Call office.
T< ?F N i? *??? '"•ants room and board; private
family; $18 to $20. Box 1050. Call office. .
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
ramlly hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH." 812 Eddy et.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. '
L^ MB ,°F RNE - 42 ° Eddy— High-class house;
niratehed suites or single; steam heat.
VA ,^i» NES , s - 619— Handsome furnl»he<i sunny
gulteg; single roomg; nrgt-clasa tabl> board.
SEWIXG MACHIIVES AAD SUPPLIES.
A r?J*£?*F EAD BEWDfO MACHINE. $16 50.
*ib BO buys new improved drop-head: oak
woodwork; improved attachments: agrency for
aSS*.?"* 1 " 6 * pboae How -
ALI ' l Jf ln<!s bou K=t. eold. rented, exchanged; re.
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 20S 4th.
„...;. PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks. •
TV ash.. May 30 1902—Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received at the office of
the Desot Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon.*
until 2:30 p. m.. Juae 19, 1902. and then
opened, for tbe construction of a steamboat
in accordance with the plane and specifica-
tions on file In the Depot Quartermaster's
Office at Portland, where full information
will be furnished. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Steamboat," and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to hunters — For rent for hunting and
fishing purposes, about 240 acres of tule
land on the Sacramento River. Apply to
L. P. MARSHALL. Collinsviile Solano Coun-
ty. Cal. . - • • : =.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
MIMEOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mtm-
eoeraphlng. 027 Markt. rm.305; Howard 1539.
_ TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TTPEWRITERS-^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome
VI 1 AO P A.TH Y-
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vlta-
opathy." IVAN McLAUGHLIN. 1104 Mar-
ket. rocme ll & 12; tre e treatment Wednes.
ICASBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
J-eeterfia>- :
Edward Barnett. 37. city, and Maude A.
DawsDn, 27, city.
¦VVilliam J. Devlin. 33, Arcata, and Georgie
A. Cook. 23. city.
"William Browne. 20. 6 Redwood court, and
May J. Scully. 20. 53014 Valencia street.
John Flcyd-Norris. 26. 1068 Howard street,
and Adele Sleeman. 24, Plymouth. England.
Francis W. Winch. 24, city, and Alice M.
Fancher, 21, city.
Alexander Friedman, 25, Oakland, and Lydia
H. Meyers. 22, city.
John £chlosser. 29, 14% Eumner street, and
Cartfmrlna 6abor. 22, 14*4 Sumner street.
Hana P. Voeensen. 35. Petaluma. and Chrts-
"Ee Andresen. 25, city.
x Frank Martin, 25, Decoto, and Nellie Carli.
-21, 303 Vallejo street. - ¦ ¦
Frank E. Collier. 23, 819 Grant avenue, and
Myrtle M. O'Neill. 18. 139 Taylor street.
William C. Blecher, 26. 22S Hale street, and
Mary E. Bailey, 24. 1127 Silver avenue.
Thomas McDonald, 25, 246 Third street, and
Maggie M. Waack, 18, Oregon City, Or.
Antonio J. Valle, 22, 669 Seventh street, aad
Virginia Deluchi. 20. 641 King atreet.
Reuben L. Overfield. 25, Martinez, and
Katie E. Esrgleston. 24. Martinez.
Henry Wlndt, 25, 1424 San Bruno avenue,
and Violet V. Goodman, 22, 2038 Sutter street.
John P. Donahue, 34, 1100 Stevenson street,
and Alice L. Tredale, 32. 1103 Stevenson ct.
Richard R. Hauk, 22, 56 Hollis street, and
Adda SI. Dexter. 22, Denver, Colo.
John Roth. 37. San Rafael, and Johanna
Gadient, 34, San Rafael.
Stephen J. Reilly. 24. 13 Welsh street, and
Catharine F. Couraey. 18. 61 Natoma street.
EKTHS-MABRIAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BENN — In this city, June 13. 1902, to the wife
of Walter G. Benn, a son.
BOND— In "Brooklyn, N. T.. May 28. 1902, to
th; wife- of Gecrjre M. Bond of San Fran-
cisco, a daughter.- '
BRIDGETT— In this city. May 29, 1902, to
the -wife cf G. E. Bridgett, a daughter.
CASEMENT— Jn this city, June IS, 1902. ' to
the w-iiv cf William Casement, a son.
LOCHBAUM— In this city. June 2, 1902, to
the wife cf V. .Lochbaum, a daughter.
LTON6 — In thie city; May 30, 1902, to the wife
of James P. Lyons, a. daughter. . , • . ...
MELEKOV— In this city,: June "13, 1902. to the
wife of Chris Melskov (nee Davis), a daugh-
ter.
PAINE^ — In this city. May 12, 1902. to the wife
of F. W. • Paine, a eon.
PALLAS — In this city. June 12. 1902, to the
wife of Edward Pallas, a daughter. . -_.\^ j
ELATTERY— In this city. June 11, 1902, to
the wife of William J. Slattery, a son.
TILDEN— In this city, June 13, . 1902, to the
wife of A. Edwin Tilden. a son.
TOilLINSON— In this city. 'May 27. 1902. to
the wife of William W. Tomllnson, a eon.
TRAUNER — In this city, June 12. 1902, to the
wife of Max Trauner (nee Froniholz), a son.
TVTA'R.'R.T-ETT ¦
BROWN— HAWKINS— In tils city, June 14,
1&02, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Miles S. Brown
and Letltla Hawkins, both of San Francisco.
COLLIER — O'XEILL — In this city. June 14.
1&C2, by the Rev. Herbert F. Brigsrs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Frank Edwin Col-
lier and Myrtle M. O'Neill, both of 'San
Francisco.
DAVIS— HARDEETY— In this city. June 14,
19C2. by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Edward
"William Davis and Millie Isabelle Hardesty,
both of San Francisco.
EDSON— SCOTT— In Oils city. June 1L 1902,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Arthur Edson
and Julia Ecott.
FAY — KELLY — June 10, 1902, by the Rev.
Father Horan. Francis R. Fay of Ban Fran-
cisco and Martha Kelly of Petaluma.
KERNTKE— STEVENSON— In this city.' June
12, 1902, by the Rev. Hermann Gthrcke,
Carl Kerntke and Clara Stevenson, both cf
Ean Francisco. • . '
MYERS— PATTEN— In this city. June 10. 1902,
by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Oren G. Myers and
Maude Elisabeth Patten.
MYERS— WUNSCH— In this city. June 1, 1902,
by the Rev. D. O. Sullivan. James S. Myers
and Clara M. Wunsch, both of San Fran-
cisco.
OVERFIELD— EGGLESTON — In this city,
June 14, 1902. by the Rev. Herbert F.
Brlgge, castor of Central M. E. Church,
Reuben L. Overfleld and Katie E. Eggles-
ton. both of Martinez, CaL
POLK— GUNN— In this city, June 1, 1902,
by the Rev. Father Clancy, O. P., Clement
l'olk end Jennie Gunn. • ,
DIED.
Althof. Laura Lewis, Marion
Beguhl, Lizzie A. McGlone, James
Berry. Catherine McLellan. Elisabeth
Uowman. Gertrude McPbillips, ¦ Mary.
Iiruse, Caroline Maberry. Edward L.
Corr. Frank Marye. Helen T.
Ijaly. Maurice Matosky, Tony
Dowling. Thomas Montgomery, Aitken
Kastman. Mrs. Julia Morria, Ellen
Krland. Fred Nugent, Alameda B.
l-'agen, William M. O'Brien. James L
Ferral, Robert J. .. O'Brien. Terence
Goldberg, Hannah Ollson. Hannah
Oray. Margaret A. Pharo. Eunice B.
Hart, Julia J. fiaunders. Amelia.
Hofcraft. Sydney • Schoenwald. Paul
Hogan, Eugene Smith, Joseph' H.
Hunter, David Wall, Mary T.
Jensen, S. Chriat "Wilson. Agnes D.
JosEelyn. Lucy M.
'-LTEO? 1 — In Oakland. June 12, 1902. tiura. ;
beio\-ed wife of Hermann Althof, a native
JAMBS McGINlN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F, Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
B A TT.WAY TBAVEIi.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to arrive at
SAN FBANCIsCO.
(Main Line, Foot ef Market Street)
leays — Fbom Jusk 1. 1902. — ±Kxrrm
7.00a Benlcia, Suljnn, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 6-55f
7.00a Vacavlfle, Winter*. Rumsey. 7.£5r
7.30a Martinez. Sin Ramon, Vallejo,
. . . . r--- Naps, Calistoga, Santa Rosa 6 25?
8.00a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing,
• Maryiville, OrovlUe.. 7-55*
8.00a Atlantic Exprea*— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, LatUrop, Stockton 7.25*
8 00a Nlles. MeuJota, Hanford, Visalla,
Portervllle 4B5»
8 30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Blaff, Portland ...—..-.. 7-557
8-30a San Jdae, Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerrllle,
Marysville. Chico. Red Blaff 4-25r
8.30a Oakdale.Chine3e,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25*
9.00a Vallejo ;, •;,••• 12 ' 25 *
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Jtartlnez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
-• ¦¦'¦; '¦¦- Raymond,Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25*
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65*
10.00a Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. 11255*
10-00 a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 5.25*
ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamers tii-00*
3.00* Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. MarysTHle,
Oroville ; 10.55*
3.30* Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
4.00* MarUnez,San Kamon.ValleJo,Napa,
Calistoga, Santa Rosa 925*
4-00* Nlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* Hayward,NIle».SanJose,HTermore t8.5&A
4.30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare, . .
BakersQeld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8 65a
5.00* PortCosta,Tracy,L»tnrop;Stockton 1025a
5.00* Martinez, Antiocb. Stockton, Mer-
, ced, Raymond, Fresno 1225?
f5.30* Nlles Local 725a
6-OOp Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose. 7.55a
t8.00* Vallejo 11-25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago....... 4 25*
7.C0* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
t7.00* Vallejo 7.55*
8-05* Oregon Ss California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysville, Redding, - - '
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
J9.1Q* Hayward and Nlles fli.BSA
COAST LINE (>arrow Cange).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
{7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion 18.05?
8.15a Newark, Centervllle, San Jose,
* Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations.. 5 50*
T2.15* Newark, Centerville, San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder .,
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
' 4.1 5* Ne wb rk. San Jose, Los Gatos 1 8.50 a
•41 Bf San Jose, Los Gatos, Santa Crnz... c8 50a
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 100 3 00 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 16:00 *3:00
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.00 4.00 r.M.
COAST LI N E (Broad Oaage). T
. (Third and Townsend Streets.) ¦' ' -
, 6-10 a San Jose and Way Stations 6.38a.
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations. tS-OOA
/7.10a New Almaden /4.10*
17.15a Monterey Excursion J8-30*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Lnls Oblspo,
Sanu Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
8.00a San Jose. Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, •-'
Pacific Orove, Salinas. San Lnls
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations ... 8.38a
11.30a Ban Jose, Los Gatosand Way Stations t9.00i
a1.30* San Jose and Way Stations.-. o7.00r
2.30* San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
¦ Jlonte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 10.45A
t3.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
t4.00* Del Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose t12.01»
4.30r San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 1.30*
t5-00* San Jose. Los Gatos ar.l Principal
Way Stations 5.30*
5.30* San Jose and PrtncipalWay Stations 6.30*
tS.15* San Mateo. Belmont. Redworfd,
MenloPark, Palo Alto t6-48A
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00p New Orleans Express — San Luis
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Demlng, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10.15*
«11.45* San Jose and Way Stations _
A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
i m Saturday only. e Monday only.
b Saturday and - /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. ,
'¦ I ! ( Limd '
Local Mon& Local Ovrl'd
Dally Thurs Daily Daily
Lv Ban Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:43 a 7:13 p 11:13 p
" Merced .. 2:33 p 1:17 p 1:30a
" Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35 p ....... 3:13%
••Hanford. 8:38 p 8:27 p 8:03 a
"Visalla .. 0:33 p 8:00a
" B'kersfd 8:10 pi 6:20 p 7:35 a
" Kan City I 2:31a 8:02 a
*• Chicago ..| .1 2:15 p| { 8:47 p.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local.
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays is ths
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakerafleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with.
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00. p. m.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN El. CO
LESSEES '
SAN FRANCISCO ANJ NMH TAClFli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ti baron h^rrjrp Foot oi Uajrket St*
BAN FRANCISCO TO IAB RAFABK.
WEEK DAIS— 7:30, 9:1>U. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trl»
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m. . . ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. U:«0 sum.; 1:3* 3:30.
6:00 and 6:20 p. m. ¦
KAN tXAJ>'At:U TO SAN FRAN CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:60, 8:20, 11:13
a, m.; 12:50, 8:40, 8:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 aad 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:t«.
4:65, 5:03. 6:25 p. m. __^
Leave I In Effect I Arrlva - ', »
Ban FrancUcol May 4. 1903. |Ban Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days: I days. I tion. f days. | Days,
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacto 9:10 a 8:40 a,'
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 »
8:10 p 5:00 p Kovato 6:03 p 8;2U»
7:85 p • -v.
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:48 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 ft
6:10 p 5:00 p ¦ Santa Rosa 7:33 p 6:20 p
Fulton ¦ * - ¦
7:30 a Windsor 19:30 •
B:0Op Bealdsbor* 10:44 a
Lytton -
GeyservUl*
8:80 p 8:00 a Cloverdale T:3Sp 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 s>
8:30 p| 6:00 p| Uklah f 7:33 p{ 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al GaernevW* I 7:35 p (10:20 a ', ¦
3:80 p| 6:00 p| |l0:40 a| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a[ Sonoma |9:10a|8:40»
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Olen Ellen | 6:03 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20a>
8:30 pi 5:00 p| | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservlll* for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Bopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvillaw
Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs, ¦ Blue Lakes. Laurel ' Deli
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Pot*
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley a.
Buckncll's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. OWs
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Weptport. Usal ; at Wtllits for Sherwood. Cah to,
Covelo, - Laytonvllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwcod, Scotia ana
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st, Chronicls build-
ing. . .
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. . .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦
nOUNT TAMALPAIS-' RAILWAY-
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive •
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ' San Fran.
Week Sun- Sun- Week
Days- days. -TmOT , f d*y»- pays.
*>:30a. 8:00 a. Mn i I| i. n . M ijo 12:15 p. 9;15a.
......... 11.30 A. mil 0F Tmmir 4.00 F. ...._
I!""".* 2:S0p.- <»"'">«>'""»*¦¦ 8:15 r. ....^.
SATUB01TS Q.11T— !*•?• tmn t-.X>r. mntn 9a Frm.ot.oa 11:86 r.
tlokrt OiSoct, <n MARSEX ST&EET ul BACSiJUXO fHW , . -
of New .York, aged 47 years and 21 days. , ,
(?^Funeral services '-will be held Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, at the family residence, 900
Linden street. ¦ Oakland. .Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers. .
BEDUHL— In this city. June 14, 1902, Lizzie
A., beloved daughter of John Beguhl, and
6ister of Gertrude Beguhl, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 19 years 3 months and 26 days.
E7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock; from the parlors o£
Halsted & Co.. 646 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . ' ' -
BERRY— In this city, June 14, 1902, Catherine,
' wife of the late W. D. Berry, and mother of
Kitty Berry. . a native of New York OUy,
¦ aged 44 -years. " ' • '
(CyRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
.^JMcBrearty & Green.. 1171 Mission street.
BOWMAN— In this city. June 13, 1902, Ger-
trude Bowman, daughter- of J. and E. Bow-
• man,' a native- of San Francisco, aged "JO
'- years and 3 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances * are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, June 15, 1902. at 3 o'clock, at her
late residence. • 1620 Po?t street, thence to
Odd Fellows' Crematory.
BRUSE— In this city, June 12, 1902. Caroline,
beloved wife of the late Christian Bruse,
, beloved mother 'of Fred, Minnie, Harry and
Elsie - Bruse, and sister of Henry Muller.
Mrs. William Klerks. Mrs. H. Hohn. Marie
Muller and Detlef ¦ Muller of Stockton and
the late Mrs. Lehmann of Stockton, a na-
tive of Dellstedt. Holstein, Germany, j ased
41 years 2 months and 22 days. - . ¦
C7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1512 Leavenworth street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CORR — In this city, June 12, 1902, . Frank
Corr, beloved father of Nellie, Josie and
Barney Corr. a native of Ireland, aged 50
years.
E7"Frien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALY — In this city, June 13, 1902, Maurice,
beloved husband of Mary Daly (nee Buck-
ley), father of James. Margaret and the late
• Nora A. and Cecelia Daly, brother of Thomas
¦ Daly, and brother-in-law of Mrs. B. Dinan
and George Manning, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 33 years.
THE members of San Francisco Council No.
7, Y. M. I., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother. Maurice
Daly, at his late residence, 1703 Grove street,
Sunday, June 15, 1902. at 12 o'clock sfcarp.
Fines for non-attendance will be «rlctly
enforced. By order of
S. A. WHITE, President.
GEORGE M. KELLY. Secretary.
DOWLING-^-In this city, June 13. ' 1902,
Thomas, infant Bon of Michael and Margaret
Dowling. a native of San Francisco.
EASTMAN— Mrs. Julia R. Eastman, mother of
Mrs. E. R. Stackable, at 9 o'clock Thursday
evening, June 5, 1902. Deceased was 63 yeara
of age and was a native of Macon, Ga., re-
Eiding later in San Francisco.
ERLAND— In this city. June 14. 1902', Fred,
eldest and beloved son of Mrs. Lena Hall
and tbe - late Captain X. C. Erland, and
brother of Mrs. M. Saulpaugh, James Er-
land and Georsina, Lena. and Phoebe Hall,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 3
months and '19 days. '¦ ' -
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
! of his mother, 15 Lapidge street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Valencia and
Guerrero. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car.
FAGEN — In San Bernardino County. Cal.,
June 9. 1902, William M. Fagen, father of
Mabel R. Fagen, a native of Ohio, aged 72
years 9 months and 3 days. (Denver, -Colo.,
Deadwood, S. Dak., and Des Molnes, la.,
papers please copy.)
C"Cremation to-day (Sunday), at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
FERRAL — Entered into .rest, in New York
City. June 1, 1902, Robert J. Ferral, beloved
eon of Robert and Frances G. Ferral, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 21 years.
Cy Friend? and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services.
Sunday, at 2 o'clock, at the family residence,
656 Haight street. Interment- Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
GOLDBERG — In this city, June 12. 19C2. Han-
nah, beloved wife of Max Goldberg, and de-
voted mother of Garrett, Reuben, Walter and
Lillian Goidberc. a native of New York, aged
44 years and S months.
EyFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services Sunday, June 15, 1902, at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 12SS McAllis-
ter street, thence to Third and Townsend
. streets by 11:30 o'clock train. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
GR*AY — In Alameda, June 14, 1902, Margaret
A., beloved wife of the late John T. Gray,
and mother of Mrs. M. G. Eyre and Estha
M., Vincent D. and Alfred J. Gray, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 53 years 1 month and
14 days.
HART— In Camp Meeker, Cal.. June 14, 1902,
of diohtheria, Julia Jeannette Hart, dearly
beloved daughter of Nella R. Hart and the
late Dr. A. C. Hart, beloved sister of Frank
L. Hart, and beloved granddaughter of Mrs.
I M. H. Lawrence, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged 6 years 9 months and 26 days.
HOFCRAFT— In this city. June 14, 1902. Syd-
ney Hofcraft. dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
E. A. Beattie, a native of England, aged 31
years. .
HOGAN — In this city,- June 14. 1902, Eugene,
beloved husband of Mary Hogan, and dearly
beloved father of Mrs. William Wilson, Mrs.
David Carroll and Mrs. C. Hennessey, a
native of Fermaugh, County Cork, Ireland,
a;ed €9 years.
HUNTER— In Portland. Or., June 0. 1902.
David Hunter, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
C9 years 11 months and 25 days, m member
of Bums Lodge No. 68, A. O. U. fVf.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Funeral
under the aueplces of Burns Lodge No. OS,
A. O. U. W. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
JENSEN— In this city. June 14, 1902, S. Christ
Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged 40 years.
A member of Pajaro Lodge No. 90, I. O. O.
F., Watsonville.
JOSSELYN— In this city, June 14, 1902. Lucy
M. Josselyn, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 'JO years-., months and 10 daya.
- EJPFriends and members of Bethany Con-
gregational Church are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral services Monday, June
16, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from the corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets, at 2:30 o'clock.
LEWIS — In 'South San Francisco. June 14.
" 1902, Marion Lewis, dearly beloved eon of
William and : Mary Lewis, and beloved
brother of William G.. Frank and the late
John and Isabel Lewis, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 ' months. ,
McGLONE— In Eureka, May 30,. 1902, James
' McGlone,. beloved father of Jacob McGlone i
of Eureka, John McGlone* and Mrs. Thomas !
Taylor of San Francisco. . a native of Ire-
land, aged 75 years and 9 months. '
McLELLAN — In Stege, • Contra Costa County,
Cal.. June 13. 1902, Elizabeth Jane, beloved
wife of B..B. McClellan, a native of Ver-
- mont, aged 66 years 5 months and 2 days.
• £7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
United Presbyterian Church, corner of
Eighteenth and Castro streets, Oakland. \ In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
McPHILLIPS — In this city, June 14, 1902,
Mary, dearly beloved and devoted wife of
Edward McPhilllDs, and loving mother of
Anna. Edward, William, Katie and Frank
• McPhlllips and Mrs. W. E. Cooper, a native
of the parish of Kilbreen, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged C8 years. (Tuolumne County,
Cal., and Kentucky papers please copy.)
|O r F"riends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 479 Tenth
_ street, thence .to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MABERRT — Jn Alhambra, Los Angeles
County, June 13, 1902. Edward L. Maberry.
MARYE— In this city. June 0, 1902, at the
residence of Christian Rels, 836 , California
< street, Helen Tucker, widow of the late
George T. Marye, and mother of Colonel W.
A, Marye, U. S. A., and George T. Marye
Jr., a native of Baltimore, Md. (Richmond,
Va., and Baltimore papers please copy.)
¦ EXNotlce of funeral
MATOSKY— In the City and County Hospital.
June 14, 1902, Tony Matosky, a native of
Austria, aced 22 years.
MONTGOMERY— In. this city,. June 12, 1902,
- Altken Montgomery, beloved husband of Han-
nah Montgomery, and loving father of Mrs.
Annie Muir and Mrs. Florence Rlngen, a na-
tive of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 70, years 2
months and 25 days. A member of Unity
Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W., and of Triumph
Legion No. 1, Select Knights of America.
C7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. June 15, 1902, at 2:30 o'clock, at his
late, residence, 801 Bay street, corner Hyde.
Interment Laurel' Hill Cemetery.
HALL" of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.,
223 Sutter street — The funeral escort is here-
by notified to assemble at the hall to-day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral cf our late brother, Past -Master- A.
Montgomery. Fines will be strictly en-
' forced. By order of •
C. A. O'BRIEN. Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW. Recorder. • . :
MORRIS — In West Berkeley, June 14, i 1902, at
1411 Seventh street. Ellen, beloved wife of
John D. Morris, a native of : Iowa, aged 60
years 1 month and 4 days.
NUGENT— In Haywards, June 13, 1902, Ala-
meda B. Nugent, wife of Hugh Nugent, a
• native of Massachusetts, aged 73 years 8
months and 21 days.
• pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral at- the
Hayward* Congregational Church, , Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment private.
O'BRIEN— In; this city, June 14, 1902, at his
residence," 789% MUalon street* James I.,
dearly beloved husband of Jane O Brien, and
. father of George R., Jennie E. and Grade M.
O'Brien, a native of Albany. N. Y., aged SO
years 4 'months. and 18 days.' .. ' .
iryNotlce of funeral hereafter.
O'BRIEN — In this city, .. June 13, 1902, Ter-
. ence O' Brien. a native . of I Ireland, aged i 60
¦ years. •
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor, . & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment National Cemetery," Presidio.
OLLSON— In. Berkeley) June 14, 1902, Hannah
Ollson, beloved mother of Mrs. Pauline W.
. Brock and J. H. Ollson, . a native of Enu-
' land, , aged 73 I years. ...... . ¦ ¦
PHARO — In Oakland, June 11, 1902, Eunice
• B., beloved wife of Joel H. Pharo, and
mother of Isaac. F. Pharo, Mrs. John A.
I v-Hydf and Joseoh A. and James E. i Pharo,
a native of; Phlladelnhia, Pa., aged 72 years
; '1 months and 11 days.. ¦-¦-.-.. . •. .')-¦.-
; .;••¦• ICT" Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
. fully invited to attend v the ..funeral to-day
, ¦ (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,* from her late resl-
¦ ! dence, 1259 ' East '. Twelfth -street, : thence to
Brooklyn 'Presbyterian Church, corner of
Twelfth avenue and East Fifteenth street;
" ¦ East Oakland. ' Interment Mountain View
. Cemetery, Oakland." [
SAUNDERS— In this city, June 14, 1902, Ame-
lia Saunders, beloved mother of Edward and
Edna Saunders, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio,
ased 62 years, j >
SCHOENWALD— In this city, June 11. 1902,
at his residence, 2221 Geary street, ! Paul
Schoenwald, beloved son of Louise and the
late Albert Schoenwald, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 8 months and 22
days. i- '.. ' ; ..-
Zy Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, where services will
he held under the auspices of Pacific Parlor
No. 10. N. S. G. W. Interment I. O..O. F.
' Cemetery. . . ,; , . - ¦¦ \ .
SMITH— In this city. June 13. 1902, Joseph H.
Smith, a native of New York, aged 69 years
10 months and 3 days.
tTTTriends arid acquaintances and mem-
• bers of the San Francisco Ship Calkers' As-
sociation are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Sunday), at ¦' 2 o'clock,
from the undertaking parlors of Craig, Coch-
ran & Co., 62-56 Mint avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. By orde» of
GEORGE McCLELLAN, President.
S. M. TATLOR. Secretary.
WALL— In this city, June 13, 1902. Mary T..
beloved dauehter of John and Mary Wail,
and sister of Florence V. and John M. Wall,
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 10
months and 27- days. |
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 14% Decatur street/ thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery. - ¦ ~
WILSON — In this city. June . 13. 1902, Agnes
D. Wilson, daughter of the late •Marcilina
Baraty, a native of Mexico, aged 39 years.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 15. 1902, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. G.»deau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to French Church for services. In-
terment Holy. Cross Cemetery. .
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
• -:•.'. TeleDhone Bush 367.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,MUSCOGEE, I. T., June 14.— Fire that broke
out ln the James Brazel building at Hartahome
I. T., this morning, destroyed twenty business
bouaea. Lois, $50,000.
- SAN JOSE, June . 14.— A hew crop of
Dunham suspects is coming forward, and
Sheriff Langford is being • flooded .with in-
Dunham Becomes Numerous Again.
With > trunk or a grip? If so, select
f rom_our carload stock , at' "our carload
prices. All leather goods, including la
dies' pocket books, cameras and card
cases, lettered in gold, free of charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st " •
Off for a TripP
GUTHRIE, O. T.. June 14.— A requisi
tion was Issued to-day by Governor Fer
guson of the Northern Judicial District
of Indian Territory for the return to
.Oklahoma of Mort Perkins, arrested re
recently near Muskogee. : He is wanted
for the murder of Roy Beeblossom near
Rush. Springs. last August. -He is an al
leged member of the Cravens-Casey band
of 'outlaws and -$2500 In rewards were of
fered for his capture, which is considered
one of the most Important in ten days.
Alleged Murderer Must Heturn.
Salmon Hatchery on the Fraser.
WHATCOM,. Wash.; June 14.—Washing
ton's Fish • Commissioner, T. R. .. Kershaw
announced to-day that he had.concluded
arrangements with the British Columbian
Government whereby : this : State would j be
permitted to establish and, maintain at its
own expense a sockeye . salmon hatchery
Mrs. F. C. Bates and Mrs. Louie Harris
of this city -were slightly injured, timbers
of, the wharf having struck them. Both
were, bruised about the body and suffered
from the shock of the fall and cold wa
ters. - They were brought to their home
and will be about In' a few' days. : '
Considerable. excitement.prevailed about
the. city on.receipt of the accident until
its real extent was learned. ¦
;Luckily the. tide was out and the water
:was not more • than five feet deep, i Res
cuers at once rushed in and succeeded in
carrying the women and children to a
cafe place. They' presented a bedraggled
appearance. ' • •
SAN JOSE^Junel4.— A score of San
Joseans, who had gathered to witness' the
launching of Dr. P. K. DoVs new yacht,
the Garden City, at. Alviso,,. received a
sudderi Immersion -in ' the - waters - of the
slough this morning, through the col
lapsing of a small wharf. About 100 per
sons had been invited to witness the
christening of the craft. Just as the bot
tle of wine was to have been broken, the
support of the wharf gave way. Those
on the outer, edge were thrown into the
water. Women and children shrieked and
great excitement prevailed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Great bitterness
Is shown in the contest pending ln the
United States Circuit Court of this dis
trict involving the rights to the produc
tion of "Florodora." Joseph L». Eppinger
6wears he purchased an interest in the
comic opera, and cites several letters . to
sustain his contention. Thomas W. Ry
ley. one of the managers, not only con
tradicts Eppinger flatly, but says In pa
pers filed with Judge Lacombe on Friday:
"The affidavit is perjurous and the, al
leged letters are the complainant's inven
tion. As great a fraud is being perpe
trated on this honorable court as is at
tempted to be perpetrated on me."
V»'ales F. Severance, on behalf of Ep
pinger, argued a motion before Judge La
combe for : an injunction, restraining
Thomas Ryley, John Dunne and John O.
Fischer of Los Angeles from disposing of
"Florodora" and asking for the appoint
ment of' a 'ree'eifer to continue- the pro
duction- "on the road."- 'Benjamin' Stein
hardt of Howe- —Hummel- opposed-the
motion. ..... . .... ...».-.
Eppinger. who lives in 6an
says that at the time of the production of
"Florodora"^ he advanced, about $4000 to
Dunne and Ryley, who- owned a half-In
terest in the American rights, taking from
them a bill of Bale. He admits receiving
J4000 from them afterward, but he does
not credit this as a repayment of the
loan, and he asks an accounting of the
profit* of the long run of the opera.
Ryley, in answering the affidavit, dis
puted Eppinger's allegations, insisting
that the transaction hafi been a loan "and
that the bill of sale had been executed u
Special Dispatch to The Call.
District President Duffy announced - to
night that a committee of 'three mine
workers 1 had. been- appointed. to investi
gate the dynamiting, and that if mine
workers are the guilty ones, they will be
expelled from the organizationu:
A.',Pardee. &. . Co. to-night; caused
the arrest of George Weisenborn, ! a miner,
for. alleged Implication, in, the hold-up; of
Applegate. •- ¦ ••-'¦ •
Mrs. Applegate says she was told by a
West Harlan man that fourteen houses
would be dynamited if. the men occupying
them do not stop working at . the sur
rounding mines. Policemen are now look
ing for the person, alleged to have made
the threat.. . ..,.-.... . , : .. >.:-.,
Applegate, while returning from the
Cranberry colliery, whither he had gone
to report the explosion, was held up by
two men. and relieved of his revolver. . He
made no resistance, as four other armed
men stood close by/ready to assist if
necessary in overpowering him., >
Applegate has been employed as a spec
fal officer at the Cranberry colliery since
the strike went into effect. The Cran
berry colliery has offered a reward of $500
for the arrest and conviction of the dy
namiters and bloodhounds will be put on
their track. . • ,.¦_: .
HAZEL.TON, Pa., June 14.— The home of
James Applegate at West Hazleton was
wrecked early. to;day by an explosion.' of
dynamite that had been placed near the
building by unknown, persons, i The fam
ily escaped injury.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
• TACOMA — Sailed June 14— Schr Compeer, for
'San Francisco; etmr Washtenaw, for Ban
Francisco. . ¦ f '. . ...
j ASTORIA— Arrived ' June ¦ 14 — Schr Alcalde,
from San Francisco; schr Fred J "Wood, from
Hakodate. ¦••¦.-.. . ¦
Sailed June 14— Stmr Vosburff, for. Tilla
moolc. . . : .-.¦• * ¦ .-. • ; -. ••-
PORTLAND— Arrived June 14— Stmr Colum
bia, from San Francisco. ! - ::''.'
' OCEAN STEAMERS.- ;
..I NEW YORK— Arrivea June 14— Stmr Cam
pania, from .Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Augruste Victoria, from Hamburg, Southamp
ton and Cherbourg; atmr La Touralne, from
Havre; stmr Patrla, from Marseilles and Na
ples.
Sailed June 14— Stmr Mesaba, for London ;
etmr Rotterdam, for Boulogne and Rotterdam;
stmr Etruria, 1 for • Queenstown and Liverpool;
Btmr Cltta dl Genova, for Genoa and Naples;
Btmr Lahn, for Gibraltar. Genoa and Naples.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 14— Stmr St
.Paul. <or New. York, via Cherbourg. ¦"..
.> LIVERPOOL— Arrived June ,14— Stmr Lu
cania,'from New York, ..via Queenstown; stmr
Lake-Slmco.. from. Montreal; stmr Nomadic,
from New York; Btmr Sylvania, from Boston.
Sailed June 14— Stmr Umbria,,. for New
LEXICO— Arrived June 9— Stmr Peninsular,
from New York, via Fayal, for Lisbon.
NAPLES— Arrived ' June- 11 — Stmr Sylvania,'
from New York, for Genoa,..- -¦' •'
Sailed June • 11 — Stmr North American, for
Cork.. .
\ .CADIZ — Arrived June; 14— Stmr ¦ Leon III,
from- New. ¦¦York.- for Barcelona. ••¦-'.•.¦'; /
' CHERBOURG— Sailed ; Jtfne* 14-^-Stmr -' St
Paul, -from Southampton, • for New York..
; HAVIIE— Sailed June . 14— Stmr La Savoie,
for New York. . <¦, ¦ ;
BREMEN— Sailed June 14— Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, for. New.. York, via ¦ Southampton.
Arrived June 14 — Stmr Klntuck. from Se
attle, via Yokohama, Manila, etc; .--
HONGKONG— Sailed June 14— Stmr Empress
of China, for Yokohama and Vancouver. ••-•-.
,. YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 14— Stmr Taco
ma, from Hongkong, for Tacoma, vaBMSHsSJMSdJ
;. GLASGOW— Sailed June 14— Stmr Columbia,
for .New York, via i MovlUt. aid sailed • from
latter port.-- ."-/
Party Viewing Yacht's
Chris bening Gets a
Ducking.
Trouble Over Plorodora
Rights Becomes
More Serious.
Region Attempt
Murder.
Miscreants in Coal Strike
WHARF TUMBLES
WITH THE CROWD
LAW DISTURBS
OPERA MELODY
"I befriended Dunne," continued Ryley,
"and although he has no interest in 'Flo
rodora' he turned upon me and is fighting
me for an alleged share in the play. I
am apparently at the mercy of men who,
without regard to honor, honesty, decency
or truth, have entered into a conspiracy
airainst me." .
Judge Lacombe took the papers and re
served his decision.
Ryley says that If Epplhger has what
purports to be the original bill of sale a
great fraud has been committed and he
Infers that there has been a forgery. In
reply Eppinger made another affidavit re
affirming his assertions with great detail
and denying that he had asked Ryley to
lend him $5000 for "marginal purposes."
He annexes what purports to be letters
written by him to Ryley last summer de
manding statements and an accounting.
1 Steinhardt obtained a new affidavit from
Ryley on June 11 in which he said: "I
solemnly swear that all the letters an
nexed to the answering affidavit of the
complaint are fictitious, composed and
prepared by the complainant or by others
acting in concert with him. I never
Imagined I would be confronted with
forged or fictitious documents."
collateral security. He says Epplnger's
animosity Is due to his failure to advance
$5000 to the Californian for "marginal pur
poses." Dunne withdrew from "Floro
dora" at the outset, but afterward brought
a suit, which is now pending ln the Su
preme Court, for an interest.
qulrles about the McGlincy murderer.
Amateur detectives throughout the coun
try seem unusually active. Two letters
were received by the Sheriff to-day. One
had been sent to the Governor and for
warded by Secretary Davis. It Is from
Gatesville, Tex.; . and is signed by L.
Blocker, who styles himself a United
States detective. He believes he has Dun
ham located. The other letter Is from A.
D; Ward of Shelbyvllle, 111.,' who asks If
Sheriff Langford will "stand good" f6r
the $11,000 reward offered for, the arrest of
Dunham.
on Fraser River. Ninety per. cent of the
Puget Sound salmon pack is of the vari
ety which breeds exclusively ln Fraser
River. The hatchery will -be built and in
operation by next year, with an annual
capacity of 50,000,000 fish.
at the house the "night before the murder
and hid the rifl© that was used the next
day. At first the girl, who is the fiancee of
William Glover, Insisted that the killing
was accidental. She now claims that the
Glovers threatened to kill her if she told
the facts. Both men are in jail.
Birds rarely fly higher than S00O feet,
and few are seen above 1200 or 1500 feet.
The aeronaut Hergesall of Strassbure.
b « GW J?Y. ei \ sa ~ an ea & 9 « a height of!
12,000 feet, and Humboldt once saw a con
o?£« fl P atlnff P ver Mount Chlmborazo at
22,000 feet elevation.
GIB-'S CONFESSION _CAY
SEND LOVER TO GAIXOWS
AUBURN. June -14.— Miss NierhofT,
daughter of Fred Nlerhoft, -who — as shot
and killed by "William Glover on Wednes
day, has made a confession, ln which she
s.ays that William and Oscar Glover were
SHATTER HOME
WITH DYNAMITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 15, 1902.
40
Hale ' S " ' Hale's. t Hale's. | :. Hale's..' f'" "Hale's. . f: -Hale's. ,. uuuu Jj^^ n^ _
Haie's a Different Store. |PSII^- W "°" Huridreds Women's Suits
Some rivers are dry at this time of -year. ~° ' | [J Q i^\ATY\TT\Q^^ At Wholesale Cost; »
So are some stores. .,_ . &f . ? Summer styles— Summer materials: Etamines, gran- '
Some overs have a spasmodic resource— Others a per- Invades the store with timely : results -We've come to another turn in the road. Behold the view that suddenly S ite cloths as well as many of those popular basket weaves
oetual one Same with Stores ''M bursts upon us-a summer panorama. We're ready just as quickly to meet every suggestion it offers, too. lte CiOins, .as we l many uiuiuac weaves.
pciudi uiic. odxiic wan sturcb. . } . .v.. It's this being ready with what you want, when you want it, that has made Hale's. / More than twenty different matenals in every shade.
Some rivers rush and foam and flood the country with • __________ ; . . Made up in ten different ways: Etons, single or double
driftwood and debris, then recede into nothingness till fed -¦¦ ' m . , • > v x breasted; others yoked; others coat styles; many of them
by another freshet. SlI ITI ITI fif* NX ill 1 Tl PPV=^PW MnVP in popular Gibson effect and so on.
Dont some Stores? Look at the Clearances;, the odds AjJWIIIillWI IT 1* 11111^1 J( liCW -.iflvlVCj '¦ This large maker closed out all his odd bolts of doth to us. Then
/ and ends; the left-overs. Compare the dryness and bareness or ,j j;*r ai . fl<if it . nm T^u: nn . ;.«f a • c ¦¦¦¦c ' • xt • 1 j t. \ , , to mak e it evcn more enticing: (for he wanted to. make it worth one's
of such a river bed with that deeo broad sweenim* exnanse different from anything yet attempted- in San Francisco. No picked-over hats; no old styles; while to take it all), he said he would make them in any style, or-any
ui sum a river uea \\nn inai aeep, Droaa, sweeping expanse no qM hat3 f as h 1O iied up. (Our ways and our prices don't let hats get old.) White is queen this " number of styles we^wanted. and also line most of them with silk or
of water on whosebosom commerce lives and thrives. ; sam ' so to kee pace with women's wishes we will hold this week an exhibit and sale of M silk drop skirts,. He went even so far as to give us a choice of the taf-
Do you see Hale s between the lines? That big store • _ ' .. feta. How could .we refuse? Especially when we knew what a high-
with a steady family trade? With hidden source in New • ;_^x^'-"I/5^B^ WhJtP Hdf C litcir INXziAfx — .. fSPSPte^ •% class tailor he was. ' v *-??;-
York— a fountain of newness and olentv> VV 1I4 LC * ldtS J U^t /y|clU6 /m^fSES^t^JSi ¦ You'll certainly be captured with them. too. -.; .; |j i [,
* lurtt — a iuuiiid.iii.ui newness ana uieniyi .- • ¦ ¦ • - ¦• -- ¦ u 1 »»j^>'*»« mjSja I « */r - *• ¦— ¦ *¦ _. -o i - . i.-«.^ > • ii, i <
i -. 1 1 ! i Instead oi trying to reduce stocks we're increasing them- ' V#ffiB^*Sfc'' ff'S^r"'} ,. . , 'M^nM
„ _ e^-^^S^fc^^J for we've found out what you want. Let's first look at - these \ *»<**¦ $16.50, $i&7S, $22-50, $24-75— Silk-lined throughout-
Piano: Mantel Drapes '^mSmM '¦ S^^tu - m V • vn I These Suits Will Surprise You.
C : -O W^**SFSi$ $D.UU— LeSS 1 Han Material l_.OStS. ' ir'^nHr ¦¦ Homespuns or cheviots— splendid summer outfits-jaunty and styl-
Nice, new, attractive hangings— just here. We came across them inj .. W^ Many styles of tucked chiffon— light and airy— richly decked *"* ish even far beyond what the price indicates. Then you shouldn't miss
o n -°%^ the c way ~f nn e f «» d so may you. Our gain is always yours. , \ t- hf=*\ with pearls : :or pearl cabachons-draped with beautiful lace. (fonA\*' j • the - . . r £l$ S^
""In p^euT' shades drapes ~ 2 yards all round, and fe^ f^) Here's a tempting white maljne embroidered with \^J \<&*1 EtaminC Outfits at $9.75.
49c Drapes Worth OOc— 2^ yards long, I yard wide— made of 4_iA Hnen and pompon effect of S malineVio'ng sweeping .-white 10 aig- fear \ Gray— |ust the right gray for summer— made in Norfolk style, with
soft madras— knotted fringe on three sides— they are in oriental de- rettes give a dash to many. First time to-morrow Five dollars. How refreshing is such an offer commr#^ ?«. *u yoke and cute little vest— latest cut sheaf skirt. Another interestins:
So^fo^S^^^We . ? 4.OO Ones-Made of splendid ere- ° f Other m ° nthS "** Bt thiS |S§ ¦ AIS ° t r m ° rr ° W: " ValU :/° r T VWr ' » • M
Iatest and hand - Chiffon Hats (Ready to Trim), $1 15 Very stylish Walking skirts $12.75.
Silk Floss Pillo-s_Hale's are famous for their silk floss pillows, partly , ir , ,. t .. ' , ., - „. , r - u . u * - ' ,. '' Homespuns, in navy or gray . , ¦ .^
on account of high quality: partly on account of low prices- J c v ? ne J er^ d . 0 « e ' ° t r m . less , than $ 2 - 2 5- Many are as high as $5.00. Pure white, snowy shapes, even lined * , At $12-75 are also .some Suits for Elderly Women, made with
16-Inch ones 20c. 18-inch ones 23c. 20-inch ones 30c 22-inch ones 30c and Wlfk a bandl ™ ost al1 are nan d -made.-:Some are tucked all over, others have tucked rims with straw crowns All- fly fronts— jacket effect, half tight-fitting, with percahne drop skirt,
<"-,' C : ; — - — -— & they need is a few flowers or a dash of black velvet ribbon, and ypu've as charming a hat as any woman covets I flounced. :: ;
BWJftlHffl -r— ' "¦¦ : - '-"¦ ' ¦ ' -¦ WSSWffl 'Boys' Sweaters .$1,00 /pr-g^jTT m • ujt'-rr. i__c^— ----— _- ' ' '-^^ .:_•_¦__ >
lilwlli ¦ ' ' '? /||:ll if \|V P.opular summer garments "in ma- ( 7j| L — Si '' '"" " rfffg^- '"¦¦ !>*• f "" / , |, t.^lr^ >¦>,'>„ f <^ ».->f^f . ~.^V>?^
EmbmtWj • Very Different Offering Of ra» WU |( roon,. scarlet, navy and medium blue— 'JSawiA, / ' /^^ "" ' '"^ ' -^--^ l " h ." h>r^ar\
Ktf^SfvT&i IV T C /** a • )Slv?J'fe'< P lain or striped— all wool, of course. \®Sfe© _^ • T^ T A O fexl'J
New Summer Curtains mWC 1 '- WMQmMM mil oUITHTier NotlOtm
CM&S^l Than San Francisco Has Yet Had-2900 Pairs, All White. W? IQ^V What " boy J d ° esn ' t n f ed a ? a ! r flr thi j JwSP^ A_.JLA_._.^^_. 1 \Jf & \J> _. A 4^ O I
t$b&£2mZ Xot an old curtain in the lot; not a poor style; not one imperfect or B^?- <Z \ summer, and what mother can t afford &TTW This Week-Mflnv Snerinl ftffpp« -^slPv ffUfii
£^0%tf inferior in any way-and then so many hundreds of pairs-choosing ») 0 to buy them at, this price? Black or f-/ J Ktn'Mno 1hn*i* * niS . many Special Utters. '
XRV^ffi couldn't be broader or the selection more to your liking. fe^^J'i brown— every size— 3 to 14. fSv4^< g -Mat tsn t new; tsn t good—Much Ot U offered tO-mOITOW for thefirst iiJ^~ C^&kSr
%%0&& ) But, better than that, s ', A^^'lKKlt if 1 fL . , IT •« /'^icM^ , An event— a trade .movement— the culmination of months of planning VVS^SB
ttosSSw All nf ThpmOnp PHrp x\t\ P^ir w-\x ' . Men s bnirts s =»llnaerwear. , gc\ „ || . and working, so youcan see this is- v \Y^71
V5%$?Z£±\ What a contrast is such a'bargain to the few odds and ends or broken or mussed )§» N\// -tiny LetllS tilCfl. T?2\ { 1 A " 'HlpOrtfiint fNOtlOn UCCS.SIOT1.
'/Wvv-it* pairs, usually foisted out at this time. This factory had too much surplus stock. I'-^j/W \i v » /' Snlpnriffi «!iiTnrnpr cr-irmrnrc I "1 vSV\ • ' TTIn- « v -,«,^i r *u ««t^-« t »> TT ', 1 . /s5*z" Vr-^
\^%£&S} They didn't want to unsteady the marketer hurt their own good name by giv- W ;\ TlXml nt ?Op (f ™ •?«,», t Lnip^^4 I example of the "Different" way Hale's do things. New goods' (and ffiOT
¦Y%%O&&k4. ing Tom. Dick and Harry a chance at it. They quietly closed it out to us. Wo V&P' v5>f unaerw ear at 5Oc- Medium weight— UfflBwf-^ft »" extra lot of them) right when you want them,~and for less than they are
syf>C / x*j£- ! xZ') ' had a half dozen stores among which to divide it, so we could easily swing it. kw»^ Nxlr wool mixed — m natural gray or cam- \EJr c n rrfgk worth, are sure to brine women ri^r<« fnr nntir>n« thi* nr«»V •>¦< ?*,— • (3P&' wii»i
I San Francisco's share is 2900 pairs. [\y?^!i v \ mi ' el's hair color. \ \ !LJj K|nv came before f «'"tu ucic iui uuuyus wu wcck as iney never . jj sj£%£l
%/K/^i 52-Inch Ones— Four Patterns. yards long, medium width borders with Shirts at 50e—Thev ire unlaundered ilii-vflr " W«i, hu^^iii u±~l£: iir j » t «• -I;'*" *
O$nfei<r') virds inn- n",' nair. whitP \nttine Point d'Esprlt and Medallion centers. K'.Vi Llh J 1 rxr v V H" iaunae r. ea ? : fe^ lt Wc °uy our bargains. We.dont make them from regular stock, nor i3 d£&hJ&~&
W&f#&i Choice. One DolaK »¦ ~ mad . e of . New York mills muslin. ,j §|\H there only a handful of this or that which will likely be gole by noon Plenty WM§W "
W®&%l{ borders, vsith plain or. 3etached I medal- 60-Inch Ones-Three Patterns. ?«^lffllf with hnen bosoms, split neckbands 0^/* of. everything- for all week, we think. Don't feel you must hurry down first
\SlQQ$&4j<H 1Ion enters. 824 pairs-3% yards long, wide enough to AW£xMt\1# and stren &thened throughout— long MM JM thing to-morrow. - Come any day this week or write or teleohone fPrivate N^|HV
€$&&%!&£A Others with Point d'Esprlt centers. use singly on one window or a pair, for JnT/OIW or short bosoms. , / J Mm ¦ exchange 602) . y wc«, or wn;c, or iciepnone private -JM^^&l
7m&*£x&^ ¦•-' Choice. One Dollar. a bay window/ Pretty floral designs, . . .tfMC&^ttSlW ¦ A whole lot of comfort knd service for 50o. /-/ ////I . Dressmakers partlcularlv w.MI fir,^ ;t ?« *V.V A ? * v •
i J$wx'^P>*$r ( Bm-m l^v' — ' r»^^. wel1 covered, it's the style that gives •yfo/^^JJKHTrT • \«A l////lr\ »~»4ws iianac—ariy will find it to their advantage to buy now. Wiltii\lttil>i,i,-,im
$WtiS&£&) - 54-Inch Ones— Two Patterns. .such good wear. iffil^ WVV [u r-i -. 1 • \m u///// U<\ Buckles— <.,..„. .. , 7 ¦ W n l/P' 1 ' »l/i'
i|mX, 62S pairs-white Nottingham curtains, 3% Choice. One Dollar. J^Tij I J ( LV'(b E ICCt TOl VS1S, / 7 W7'J EJ ! "" • Skirt Binding— { Ball and Km - u W,
rt ' s a £ P lendid opportunity to get bed chamber or dining-room curtains. Jmjti \i\M I' WSl ,„„ Ton Vwlr „,„ , , „ ,, ,„„ f \, \~\ffW J^r '"c'^^- acll 7^ a i5 g:e i , ass , ortment of 5c Yard-Good quality corduroy, Socket ¦ P
%^\V^«-m Hotel and lodging-house people can make good money by anticipating BS^WV/Ml\ ?L n™t^Z pe f M %' haa \ strong metal buckles in gold, oxl- ln black and clors. Fastenew iT \ I
'!<£>>^w^_S^ their wants this week - Jti&M&r (WPvz^i) - the latest_electrlc^contrivances for the re- \ V* £Z§B$* ' dized or French grav finish. Many T«» Ynrrl— "S H A- -\T " «vii-t ras tcncrs. ft /*> SF*t
i$& ™ ?«pj«£ S e h U S an e t e h k e curtains before 'next Saturday. MST \wA Mole, SllDerfiuous Hair ' Warts and ¦\3-fflL %$£ *™* ' bin^| d belt Juallty M ordu% k oT. T^\ o th^ lac « AJzJkf
ii>^ • r§T»J_W N - B -~ A limited number of these are reserved for our out-of-town patrons. &ptr%2k Office in the halrdressinR and manicuring par- Jfl^^-O® nymph and other ™ e "ff4?s! r ° Se ' and" colors ba ° k: C ° meS ln bla ° k eyes wl htve El
.... . . l0rs " OV ' lf|c Each— Splendid "inducement. 12c C Yard— "Wool finish brush other large pr. £&F^k<^ h
wyr t 1 T^ "t - t MX \ ' " _^~a^l _ _^g>»__ _ _<<gls_ ' ' ¦ __~^_ lnls seasons newest effects in binding in black and colors- elvo-* small sizes ln JSHX^pS^ J ,
\A/5lT#^l* I l1tTiril^f*C I Tri1tiCfi1£ll PS^ <3 rfiT^ q d—^ CT du_— gg*" m gO od, strong metal buckles-fleur excellent wear ' black or whitd /^*^^^"< .
? ? CILV1 M UL m. Jl L %J I \* K aj j \J 1£mOmC«.£* m==~ I s ~* I ff^~~ B|^=— • ae Us, medallion, cupld and many lor 5c per dozen. t ; ' : \,^'.X'1
More of them — and prettier — and lower priced than we have ever had. First jhgjjv _- l^£ -=l S^Sf -^ \W3b£ _ or KOld - z< 2c Card-Larg© assortment ot ?' nS "i ..^
time to-day. We've been making some big buying lately— getting some big ggg^ JgEg i£kj& WK^T jlbM igMJg "» s % s . u PP OPters - SSSS? bia?k e S? 8 iiRS n iS r s f ffi n ? Cui^ p_?255o jS?or S5?ed. «e •
bargains. Standard, staple, but fixed up in cleverest ways imaginable. First: W^ g^ «^ W&f W? SK W^ r | S2ffJ__Ht ™T T a a^ e ted el2ea ta
95c Full Size Tumblers, Worth $1.50. El i I 1 I I i Sfe l£f%^ltF%!k^ n «VV"4- ,
Fine blown lead class, with needle etchings-all new designs. •• . K# K#Vj ItJFI^ "I- J& \ e In black ' red> pink ' blueand Peets eyes; llzeTo, 1, 2 Sd 3. "pSula^hair e fn°W^ Sht
70c Full Size Tumbl.rs Worth ,1 OO -Thin blown ones in .various engravings bands. fancy frilled lisle Safciy Pins- 5«W^.^ SiSftnd
scrolls, etc. — a dozen different styles. The cream of the market for one-third less than their worths .^* *• "'.\. : - " . webbing:— with satin gored belt in «« v sn n^. , ,„ invisible hair pins, made of best
Clear Crystal Tumblers $2.35 dozen-Fine thin lead glass-new patterns-etched to our order T „ -^ 1 1 « ~ D K^a^SSiSSi *%££* °™ S * 2S^&-_2Tes not^t^ !•"-»•* JJ^ «»-»!««.
i\r "and with fluted bottoms. I 1^^1^7^11110^ B^55 O^C ZA f^ f\ 2^e Pair-"ANCHOR" bra^id suu or pull out of fabrio when In use; Hat Pins.
Clit filflQQ Tiimhlei«« S^ OO I>n7en H 1 iaVCllllY LJCikL^ O aat br hSSc 8U^ Be. 6c and 7c dozen. /' _on» metal pins with Jet heato. fc,
vllt iliaSS 1 UmDlCPS JO.UU UOZCn. »O - C^ • and have strong sateen patl with Elastic Per dozen -
V Deep fluted and prism cuttings-thin glass With^teavy bottoms. "WEWSlZll DreSS Suit Cases. : Jg» e t d fl s^ re | lastlc3 ' Ada P ted for Y ard-Fancy frilled webblns Nccdlcs-
d^ g T .- 72 ¦ ¦ * ¦ W • T These are the best days of all to test Kale's Leather Goods Store.? Dncss gSSks- !~'
Vi D • r* \A/n_?M B lAAnC 7/> !t 's the testing to which so many new folks are putting it that makes it "Omo" Brand-Contain no rubber F%£ Yard-Good quality elastic. iVon^cotVo'n' L^r^fi-^^, 3 '
i_- 2 c wasn uooas 7c. m^^mSmi ip^g^il if^^^fil|^^#^ii^^l^^S
white «»¦«-« «PlendIcl variety )t . a , M w|i -^ We md w & "Aromatic" Siields-At. per- »£>e , «na m ., n button,. •"lt.bto« 1 g'»»^«»g«2«Jg5 ii . „„.,
—~-- — • . . %%, Sv^TIHS #S%J£-sf^i?^i Sff-asass.-*"" 11
—^T^a^ins ,oc, . N ™"r Bags at $3.25... .. -E|Slr§|p«c «£°foF?4~^ 'J3?JSl&&;£?&~
; . ;'' est to selling this week, so we've marked them $3.25. They are 12-inch, waisls - , . -!%c and 5c a pair. bunch.
: V- '•¦'¦'_ j _ JT__k'r ' C Q made of genuine horned alligator— leather lined and leather covered frame. C: n '"• '':' ¦'- -'' ~_ V * T -" " ¦
Je-rvT //££*/ , I *-*AZ**.*-^1 I CLUB BAG— Of genuine sheepskin, with PEGAMOID DRESS SUIT CASE— _ M ~ IL-l.7 /jSW/
f&S^Ifis/^Jf&ff /£&/ jpe\ — rfCJBGS pressed Imitation .alligator leather Leather bound on corners— with %f|O fMflAAj ft «• (^\./w/ ~^/p¥/
/ \; Artists are experts. I linen lined. 22-inch gl.SO. fMMSoT 26-fnch^ *7.<K>. electricijty. ]m^f , JS^*^^
I iS s Our Trunk Dcpartmen: //H
I H/W^gS^^^^S^-r^^^-^^li; • »3 i3 the Place to set GOOD g f.
Wm^^^^^^^^^^^ yvKa TRUNKS at way down I \
¦W^Wgtjtt^Jp^-*"^] Efil prices, llere'9 a sample: \
'jmg^^^^WiaVL * }\ A^>^- I* 1 creat abundance and '\
I ¦; 128 EBSis St. AbovcPowdi I