VOLUME XCI—NO. 129.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN ERANCISCO, :TUE|pAY,: APRIL 8, 1902.
SHIP FRANKISTAN BURNS AT SEA
ALMOST WITHIN SIGHT OF PORT
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two'
Continued on Page Two.
MANILA, April 7.— A total of 157 cases
and 127 deaths from cholera were report
ed up to noon to-day. The .natives are
making great efforts to break lip ' ;the
quarantine established here, and in so
d olns one native has been killed. ' ; .
Deaths From the Cholera.
VIRGINA CITY,. Mont., "April 7.-One
of the richest gold strikes in the State
fcas been made in the Kearsarge mine
at Summit. The vein Is over a foot "In
width. It Is reported to be almost pure
goldl The property is owned by Charles
MUlard, eon of United States Senator
Millard of Nebraska.
Rich Strike in Montana.
', j Fortunately, for the^crewof the Franki
stan the ' II. . C. Wright " t had ? borne fdo wn
upon .the . ill-fated* ship/ ready; to render
such assistance', as might be Veeded. {The
boats ;of ; the larger' craft - were ]; lowered
.arid* ; the J'doprnedvsh'lp; deserted;'*:, when'l all
iVinno nf tavlnar hp.r'ha^""varii3hed.' 5 ln i lati-
f But for the generation of noxious gases
In the hold, which caused four, explosions
to occur In quick succession, . the' Frankl
sta'n might have gained port' in -safety:
The presence of the gases' was . manifest
ed ,' on April '3, when the forward hatch
covering was .blown'lnto^thVaJr.;; Ten
minutes later the 'forehand, after- hatches
were also '; blown off : by, /violent explosions
arid they, were v wlth;difficulty ."returned to
their • places. , Holes (were . bored \ into I the
deck '¦ and/, water.-' poured .into '<. the hold,
without" doing, any good, • however. : Final
ly came^ one great! explosion and through'
the V open ;the flames shot up
as'high, as the foreEall.- ; * '. \
GASES CAUSE EXPLOSION.
The cargo of the Frankistan was coal,
exclusively. : The voyage was compara
tively uneventful 'until the ; presence , of
fire in the; hold spread terror among. the
crew and heralded the sea tragedy that
was to f ollow.Y ~ The escape of jj smoke
through the: main* hatch on April 1 j indi
cated j the * presence 'of the flre. To the
seaman. there is nothing so terrifying at
sea as fire; which cannot" be combated or
controlled, when, once : it has I gathered
fair - headway. ; The crew was ¦ fear
stricken ywhen 'a 'test 8 of thev, temperature
of the cargo made with steel rods 'de
veloped a tremendous heat -under, the
fore part , of tho, ship. , The ; hatches were
battened down and all ' the forward ven
tilators were closed. Then began the
mad race for port In the teeth, of a 'gale,
the shlp<h'aylng every sail spread. It was
a/ race In ¦: which; the, flre, now 'gathering
strength', with every / mile.' made ; by " the
doomed vessel, gained the victory. -. -
almost within S sight of land
Thursday night. Heroic measures were
taken by the officers and crew of the
doomed ship to keep her afloat until this
port could -• be reached T but the steadily
increasing fire, which gnawed -with dead
ly . purpose her for weeks, ren
dered this impossible. \ It was only after
constantly, recun-ing : explosions and
when the pitch was exuding from the
deck planking that the vessel was left to
its fate, the crew finding | refuge on
board "'the schooner H., C. Wright of
Hana, H. I.", which arrived here shortly
before 6 o'clock last evening.
rHE long overdue ship Franki-1
stan,. .which left Newcastle,
with a cargo of coal for this
port on December. 12 Iast;,wa3'
burned . to the. water's .edge
"We left, Newcastle, Australia,' on : De
cember' 12 "with' 3042 .tons of Northern - Ex
ierided • coal aboard.- We encountered fine
weather and i the : voyage "was ; uneventful
until ¦ April \, •/in latitude • 38 - degrees -¦. 29
minutes"; north, longitudes 132 degrees 41
minutea: west, when we noticed- gas^es-^
: caplng from, the, ventilators.' At 4:30 p.'m".
•of . that" day ' smoke "and steam commenced
The H. C Wright "was sighted off .the
heads about; noon" yesterday, but she' wa3
. unable to enter poft'until nearly 6 o'clock.
The' vessel was boarded by.: the United
States quarantine officials a few minutes
later; as jphe'eame to anchor, off the wool
en i mills. , When it was i found *. that .she
had a clean bill of health she was board* d
by The Call representatives and ' the f^cts
In '; connection '.with the loss of the Frank
istan gathered. ". . Captain S. P. Il/: Atkin
son's story '.is; as' follows:. ' v
THE \ CAPTAIN'S STORY.
A The .disaster, appears to have affected
the rrijnd'of La Perg Engerlo. - He sprang
into the' sea just as, the schooner was en
tering the Golden; Gate' v He was rescued
with : by ," J." Swinnett and John
Crowleyy two' boatmen, who were cruising
in'' the .vicinity. ; Engerlo . became "irra
tional soon after leaving the burning ship,
the burden of his' complaint being that he
would not ' be paid r his wages now that
the shlpi was'lost... He became feverish
arid :talked-to himself -. with' 'a'*perslstence
suggested an unbalanced . mind. V He
will be examined by the authorities to
daj\''.'• " ." .' : . , •¦£••'; '¦¦'¦.
There were about twenty-five soul3
aboard i the Frankistan ; when she left
Newcastle, and all, arrived here In safety.
Captain Samuel Atkinson was accompa
nied by his wife. . The first -officer; was
D. F. Hovell-and the second officer was
H/CY' Humphreys.'. The 'seamen were:
Cecir Good, Frank Stephens, Charles
Thonlas, J. W\ Bevell; H. Barber, J. ; H.
Mc*Kay, Samuel Silverson," Edward The
faulaz,'. J. O;ponnell, , Joseph Griffiths,
Thomas ; Collins, v ; William 'Bevin, Henry
Bokalman, .'John; Burns,;, Vigo ¦Hjereseri,
Peter. Don/ A. Petersen, ' La' Perg Engerlo
and'John Mavis. • • ; - ; ,. .. ;
tude ; S2 26 '\ north/, longitude 137 5 ! west.'
This was at 10:30 Thursday, rribr'ning. The
schooner bore . away arid "soon " left" the
burning shlp.a;mere' speck**. on; the hori
zon. . ,The * illumination in . the "\ sky Indi
cated • her : presence, \ and S shortly. . before
mldnight-a grand' flare, as. of a great ¦ex
plosion, was : visible. 'If is | described r by
the . crew of \ the j Frankistan * as* • resem
bling ' a • great display of ¦ fireworks , with
countless rockets darting up into" the
sky. , .Before morning the- light In that
west' died * away and all that remained
was a ship's, charred hulk,- floating on
the sea. . ¦
"The schooner H. ; C.- Wright in the
meantime. had borne down on us and had
kindly agreed j fo stand by. We had our
boats out and. In the water, ready for any
emergency. -After consulting with
tain Nielsen, of the Wright, I decided that
the : safety - of the lives In my charge
necessitated the abandonment of the ship.
The flames Were rapidly 1 increasing and I
felt confident that In ¦ twenty- four hours,
she would be red hot. We abandoned her
at 10:30 a. m. in latitude" 38 25 north, longi
tude-127 5 west." . ¦-. . ,. "
;¦/' -We, were. received most kindly by Cap
.tain. Nielsen and ¦¦ received the most hos
pitable treatment from ; all on board, for
which we all 'feel extremely grateful." ' :
v, A : graphic ' account of the disaster is
given , by John Burns, a seaman, of the
Frankistan. - He made the following
s.tatement-to a' Call reporter, after the H.
C.; Wright had anchored off the woolen
mills r .¦;_' ¦ ;' v ; '.,-.'.,' •' r :
; "We ; left Newcastle 'with a full cargo
of coal and twenty-nine souls aboard on
December .12, , 1901. We had fair weather
for the _ greater part of .the vqyagp, but
when \ we reached ' the northern latitudes
we struck some heavy weather. .We lost
time! .but. were makings fair .headway on
April, 1. when .smoke began to escape
from the hatches." Thl3 caused great ex
citehicnt and Captain "Atkinson ordered an
SCHOONER GIVES . HELP.
pouring from the main 'hatch.. . ¦
••;"We tested the J temperature of the car
go by driving down : steel' rods. . By this
means] we discovered . the . existence ¦ of a
great ; heat E under f the>J fore part- of the
hatch and from *,nlrie to. thirteen feet be
low the' surface of the "coal.. We battened
down all hatches arid secured the forward
ventilators," leaving the after, ventilators
open to allows the gas to e'scape. ; . * -
; i"Theni we drove her , for all, she was
worth' in an effort to make port. . There
was a gale, of wind blowing, but ,we car
ried every stitch of. canvas ! we . could
stretch. -The sea broke over her and we
expected every, minute to have the masts
topple over under .the strain.
• "We noticed ' more . smoke, and gas j on
April 2. We; just kept on sailing,*: and
were " beginning to .'hope j that ' we .cou.ld
keep the flre under until we reached har
bor when, the ¦ gas began' exploding. The
first explosion j occurred at; 6:30, a." m. of
April' 3.' The fore, main and after, hatches
were blown off and 'flames shot up from
the hold.. We resecured the hatches, but
at 7 a.' m. they again blew up. When the
second explosion occurred we lowered roy
als, topgallant sails . - and ¦•¦ topsails and
rounded ..to. "The, hatches were 'secured
once more' and water was poured into the
hold,' bitf at .7:40 occurred the heaviest ex
plosion of all. ~ After this explosion the
flames shot up- as high as the foresail.
Crew of Doomed Vessel Is Rescued ty
and Brought iti Safety to San Francisco.
"We sighted "the burning steamer on
Thursday morning and saw that she was
In trouble, v Smoke was escaping from
the hatches, and to us on the schooner It
appeared as If she v.-as about to burst
out into flames at any moment. The cap
tain of the Frankistan did not appear to*
be in a hurry to leave his ship, but never
theless we remained within saving dl«-
Mrs., H. C. Oyendcn.N a passenger from
liana on board the ¦ schooner H. C.
"Wright, tells the following story of tha
sighting and rescue of the crew ol the
ill-fated Frankistan:
ILLUMINES SKY.
"We hailed the schooner and Captam
Neilsen came aboard. When he saw nor
things were, he offered to take us to
port and we left the Frankistan to her
fate, . This was at noon on .Thursday.
The burning ship kept afloat until about
midnight, when we saw a grand flare,
caused by an explosion. We could see
the flying sparks, and the illumination. •
which was visible all night, was of that
character to Indicate that she had burned
to the water's edge. That is the whole
story of the loss of the Frankistan, ona
of the best vessels I ever sailed In. Th«
suddenness with which the flre spread
after we discovered it shows that It must
have, made big headway in the cargo,
where it slumbered for weeks, perhaps.
Wo hated to leave the ship so near to
port,. but there was no other way. No
Hying soul could have saved the vessel.
We are thankful to escape with our
lives."
"At 3:30 o'clock on Thursday morning
there was a rumbligig noise, . followed bj*
an explosion, which thr«:w the main hatch
covering ten feet into the air. An im
mense volume cf smoke issued from, tho
hatchway, and -It was all we could do to
get the covering back in its place with
out suffocating.' Ten minutes after we fin
ished the work another explosion tov 1 *
place ! and the '. hatch covering; went Into
the eir again. Before noon there was an
other explosion and the flames and smoke
were issuing from the ventilator holes In
every direction. Captain Atkinson saw
that the ship was doomed and consulted
with the crew as to the next course to be
taken. The schooner H. C. Wright hove
up about this* tim& and it was resolved
to desert the Frankistan and take refuge
on the schooner. The Frankistan was
giving out smoke at every pore and it was
plain that she would be destroyed within
a short time. / * T ;' v
"The fire made itself known early on
the morning of April 1 and the same day
we decided to batten down the hatches In
order to smother it if possible. The cap
tain and mates had a consultation. and it
was decided to stick to the ship so long
as she would carry us. We hoped to
keep the fire under subjection until we
reached Saii Francisco, but this was im
possible* as it turned out. The fire was
making big headway, for on the next day
it got so. hot that the pitch started to
"exude from the deck planking. The crew
was getting excited and there was talk of
taking to the boats without delay.
BELCHES FLAME AND SMOKE.
inspection of the hold. "We then made the
discovery that the cargo was afire. This
was about 400 miles from San Francisco.
§tO€X of Disaster Is
told by Captain
Atkinson.
SHIP DESTROYED AT SEA BY
FIRE. HER MASTER AND THE •
RESCUING SCHOONER.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 14CG G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 7.-Every pre
caution will be taken to guard the Presi
dent, who started this afternoon ¦ at 3:30
o'clock to South Carolina to' visit : the
Charleston Exposition. The assassination
of President McKlnley at the Buffalo Ex
position is too fresh in 'the minds of of
ficials to permit of atiy negligence. Be
sides, Roosevelt Is not so averse to police
protection as was his predecessor. A
number of Washington detectives are al
ready at the exposition clearing the path
of the chief executive. Co-operating with
the Charleston police, they are rounding
up all suspicious characters. The train
upon which the President is traveling has
aboard half a dozen of Chief Wilkle's
most trusted secret service men. They
will keep close to the President during the
entire tour and will scrutinize every per
son'who approaches him. . '
Attired In plain clothes, these detectives
.will surround the President at. all times
and especially when he is In the midst of
throngs or in any public place. Any one
who falls, under suspicion will be examin
ed' closely and put away for safe keep-
Ing. ,
For three weeks the police arangements
have been in preparation. At that time
Officers Helan and McNamee of the
Washington detective force went to
Charleston and consulted ¦ with - officials
there regarding the necessity for avoiding
a repetition of the Buffalo tragedy. 7
REPORT OF A PLOT.
Chief Wilkie 'said that since the visit of
the Washington men, the Charleston
police have been keeping close track of all
suspicious characters who appeared in.' the
city.- The Federal secret service has been
augmenting this work by keeping a close
"WMcTT
over the country^ •.*- -'' " r : - .; J : -
It was reported this morning that. Chief
Wilkie had received information- that
anarchistic circles in Patcrson had.se
lected a member to go to Charleston and
kill the President if possible. Wilkie, how
ever, denied this report. He said extra
precautions were being taken merely on'
general principles. , At the exposition
grounds no person will be permitted to
approach the President who carries
bundles of any kind. \The police will also
insist that persons moving near Roosevelt
cannot walk, with their hands in their
pockets. Both hands must be in full view.
The personnel of the party bound for
Charleston is as follows : President and
Mrs. Roosevelt. Attorney General and
Mrs. Knox, Secretary "Wilson, Commander
W. S. Cowles of the navy and Mrs. Cowles
and Dr. John F. Urle.
CHEERED AIT DEPARTURE.
The party, is traveling in a special train
over the Southern Railroad. There was a
large crowd at the station. The President
was driven to tire Sixth-street entrance
Instead of B street, where most people" ex
pected him and passed rapidly to the
train as dozens of hats were lifted in the'
air. He was In a cheerful mood. Ho
spent most of the time before the de
parture of the train In chatting and
laughing with Mrs. Roosevelt and Com
mander Cowles, his brother-in-law. Sec
retary Hitchock and a number of other
Government officials were'there to bid the
President good-by. A lar*e number of
secret service men and detectives were
scattered about the station. The crowd
cheered the President heartily. As the
long train pulled out of the trainshed, the
President, with smiling face, bowed from
the" rear platform repeatedly In.acknowl
edgment of the cheers of the crowd.
The train will arrive in Charleston to
morrow morning. I
ENTHUSIASM EN. ROUTE.
President Makes Some Short Speeches
in Virginia.
DANVILLE, Va., April 7.— President
Roosevelt's journey through Virginia has
been marked by extreme cordiality and
enthusiasm and he has shown the keen
est interest In the historic • country
through which the train is passing. His
first remarks were addressed to a. small
crowd at Rappahannock, where the train
made a short stop for water. He appeared
on the rear platform and after bowing
his acknowledgments . said to ; the little
gathering: "I am. now upon historic,
ground." ...'.-. . . ':
At Charlottesville . the people were out
in force, the driving rain not seeming to
dampen. their spirits In. the least. In the
crowd were a number of Spanish, war
veterans .whom the President recognized,
and his reference to John Greenway, a
former member of tils: regiment, who .was
a University of Virginia man, caused the
students to set up a deafening college
yell. • •" • ;;¦ ' •-¦¦ . ¦• •'
Great was the disappointment at Lynch -
burg. For some' unknown .'reason the
train' stopped outside the city ; limits '. and
those who had waited In the rain for the
President's corning had to be content with
a view, of him- through the car /window as
the train -sped -by the; depot. -At' Danville
there was another large assemblage, ".the
President^ being, compelled to. come .out.
on; the platform and acknowledge -their
greeting. ' V * .'•• ' ;•; ,,
CHARLOTTESVILLE, • Va;/ April 7 -i
LIVERPOOL.' April 7.— A former trooper
of the Bushveldt Carbineers, who has,re
turned here, is quoted rs saying that the
convicted Australian officers belonging to
that corps, since disbanded, murdered
from thirty-five to forty persons. As an
instance of their . cold-bloodedness, the
trooper relates how three Dutch children,
2 and 12 years of age, respectively, and
their little sister, arrived. at the carbi
neers' camp to surrender in order to be
given food. The girl and one of the boys
were wounded: The injured ' boy took
his little brother on his back and. was
earning him off when a second shot
killed both boys. The girl died shortly
afterward. . -
CHILDREN AMONG VICTIMS.
The demonstrators then paraded'
through the town, headed by a Boer flag.
They were challenged by a Loyalist
crowd, which tried to capture the flag.
A fight then ensued, in which the police
interfered with their batons and many
persons were injured.
CORK, April 7.— A performance of "The
Dandy Fifth" at the opera-house was
brought to a premature close -to-night by
the hostile demonstrations of a crowd of
students In the gallery.
At the suggestion of Lord Milner, the
British High Commissioner in ' South
Africa, the Lord Mayor of London has
Issued an appeal for gifts of money or
household necessities for the families of
artisans at Johannesburg, whose houses
were plundered during their absence from
the Transvaal. Lord Milner's suggestion
was transmitted" to the Lord Mayor of
London through Chamberlain, the Colon
ial Secretary.
APPEAL FOR GIFTS.
LONDON, April 7.-A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, says
Commandant Kritslnger, who was,cap
tured by General* French at Hanover
Road, Cape Colony. December 17 last,
and who has been tried by court-martial
on the charge of having committed four
murders, in addition to the train- wrecking
and cruelty to prisoners, has been ac
quitted and is being well treated as an
ordinary prisoner of war.
Lord Kitchener reports that the Boer
casualties during the engagement of
March 31 and April 1 were, at the lowest
estimate, thirty men killed and eighty
wounded.
Commandant Erasmus was killed near
Boshoff, Orange River Colony, April 3.
KRITSINGER IS ACQUITTED.
"All sides," he says, "now agree that
intervention would provoke a war too
dreadful to contemplate. The Boers can
continue their present form of resistance
for years."
jOn thjs^jggcaalon • of bis. present .visit. -to
Germany discussed the war In " South"
Africa with the Kaiser and* Ba'ron'vb'n
Richthofen' he denies his visit has been
connected with the peace proposals.
While the Dutch Premier admits having
EUROPE KEPT AT BAY.
"When the trouble over Cuba came I
cannot believe America would have faced
the war that ensued if she had not been
assured the navies of Europe would be
kept at bay while she proceeded to riddle
the decrepit fleets of Spain. Chamberlain's
family ties may have, taken him to the
United States at a time when both nations
contemplated war, but perhaps they were
not so urgent as to prevent the transac
tion of official business at *he same time.
"I do not mean to say that Chamberlain
gave or received assurances on that oc
casion, but the question as to whether he
did or "did not is both grave and suggest
ive in the light of recent history." .
BERLIN, April 7.— Before leaving here
for home to-day Dr. Kuyper, Premier of
The Netherlands, made the suggestion
that the assurances of British support
during the Spanish war were the price
of America's non-intervention In South
Africa. The Dutch Minister associates
the \-isit paid to the United States by
Chamberlain, the British Colonial Secre
tary, before the outbreak of hostilities
with Spain with the official attitude of
the Washington Government toward . the
Boer cause.
•'America's position is anomalous," said
Kuyper. "The hearts of the American
people unquestionably beat in full sym
pathy with the Boers, and yet the Gov
ernment at Washington is immovable.
Notwithstanding the ministerial assur
ances that England foresaw war In South
Africa long before Kruger issued his ulti
matum, she would never have provoked
that ultimatum unless fairly certain of in
ternational neutrality.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
amendment was adopted adding to the
bill's definition of .Chinese those of mixed
Chinese blood. Clark announced that &s
the main features of the minority bill had
been placed in the majority bill, and in
that way had made it more drastic than
the original majority bin, he would not
aek a vote on the substitute. :
As amended, the bill then was passed
without division.
¦ While the House was passing the Chi-
"And it shall be unlawful for any vessel
holding an American register to have or
to employ In its crew any Chinese person
not entitled to admission to the United
States or into the portion of the territory
of the United States to which the vessel
plies, and any violation of this provision
shall be punishable by a fine not exceed
ing, $2000."
Clark made a 6trong plea for the amend
ment, declaring that the purpose of the
exclusion bill was to protect American
labor. His amendment, he said, was to
protect American Bailors. The amend
ment wu subsequently broadened to pro
vide for the temporary employment of
Chinese sailors where a vessel in distress
has lost part of her crew.
Against the modified amendment Per
kins of New York raised the point of or
der that It was not germane, and Moody
of Massachusetts sustained the point, but
in the course of his ruling indicated how
the amendment might be made germane.
Thereupon Kahn of California modified
the amendment to make It conform to the
ruling of the chair, his modified amend
ment providing that it should be unlaw
ful for nr. .American ship for a voyage
"-jrminatlrs- at an American port to em
ploy Chinese tallof-e.
Hltt vigorously opposed the amendment.
He declared that such a. provision would
drive the American ships on the Pacific
tirder the British flag. .
Clark gave notice that if the provision
was defeated he would offer it as an
amendment to the ship subsidy bill.
Cannon agreed witn Hitt that the adop
tion of this provision would force Ameri
can ships to sail under foreign register.
The amendment was adopted on a vote
by tellers— 100 to 74.
On motion of Clark of Missouri, an
The amendments designed to perfect the
language of the bill, which had been
agreed on by the committee and the Cal
ifornia delegation, were adopted. Clark
cf Missouri offered an amendment pro
hibiting the employment of Chinese labor
ers on American ships as follows: •
BARS CHINESE SAILORS.
Kleburg of Texas said that much as he
would like to vote for the bill he could
not do so until the provision prohibiting
the coming to the United States of Chi
nese born In Hawaii and the Philippines
since their •acquisition was stricken . out.
The Supreme Court had decided in the'
Wong Kim Ark case that Chinese bom
In this co'untry were American citizens.
1L? thought that decision fixed the status
of future children in our Insular posses
<*«3-aiM- wn»caa tit provision" went t»at
he would be forced to vote against the
bill.
Nappen of Massachusetts moved to
ctrike the provision from the bill.
Hitt shared to a certain extent the
views of Kleburg. but thought the pro
vision ehouid remain in the bill in order
that the question raised might be passed
upon in the court*.
Nappen's motion was lost.
Two amendments were adopted without
division, one by Clark of Missouri to
amend the definition of "teacher" under
the privileged classes so as to require
that for two years before admission the
teacher should have been engaged in
"teaching the higher branches," and an
other by Coombs of California to provide
that Chinese students shall leave the
country Immediately upon the completion
. of their course of study.
Immediately after the reading of the
•Journal the House proceeded with, the con
sideration of the Chinese exclusion bill.
General debate having closed the bill was
read for amendment under the five-min
ute rule.
PROVISION 1 REMAINS.
amendment covering this proposition wa?
ruled out on a point of order, but subse
quently was modified to evade the ruling
end was adopted— 100 to 74. As passed the
bill practically re-enacte all the existing
exclusion laws and incorporates with them
the existing treaty regulations. It ex
tends these exclusion laws to the Phil
ippines and the other possessions of the
United States and forbids Chinese labor
In our colonial possessions coming into
this country. The Philippine Commission,
by the terms of the. bill. Is directed to
adopt proper measures for the enforce
ment of the provisions of the bill in the
Philippines. f
"WASHINGTON. April ".—The House to
day passed the Chinese exclusion bill
after incorporating In It several amend
ments which increased the drastic feat
urea of the measure. The principal one
not only excludes Chinese by birth and
descent, but all Chinese of all mixed
blood. The chief struggle was over an
amendment to prohibit the employment
of Chinese sailors on American ships. An
Secret Service Round
Up All Suspicious
Characters.
Interference to Aid
Boers Would Cause
Great Strife.
Cullom Indicates the
Opposition in
Senate.
Rumor of Anarchist
§Plot Followed by
Precautions.
Support in Spanish
War Price of Non
intervention.
One Amendment for
Protection of
Sailors.
Dutch Premier Talks
of Anglo-American
Understanding.
President Starts for
the Charleston
Exposition.
House Injects Some
Drastic Exclusion
Features.
CHINESE
BILL IS
PASSED
SLEUTHS
GUARDING
HIS LIFE
KUYPER
ALLEGES
COMPACT
The San Francisco Call.Continued from Page One.
SLEUTHS GUARDING THE PRESIDENT
Itching Blind, Bleeding '.or Protruding : Piles.
No cure, i No Pay.% druggists are authorized
by , manufacturers of . Pazo ; Ointment S to refund
money wherk if fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how. long standing. 1 Cures ordinary
i cases in six days; worst cases In fourteen days.
: One . application gives ease and: rest."- Relieves
itching Instantly. /.This Is a new discovery, and
Is : the only pile :. remedy- sold ' on | positive . guar- .
; antee, no : curer no . pay. f A : free sample twill- be"
sent Jjy mail to any one sending name; and ad
dress. f= Price, -"BOc-i; If your .druggist/don't keep
: it in stock send 50c in Stamps and we will; for-'
¦ ;ward full size » box by mall. ', Manufactured by,l
PARIS: MEDICINE CO.. ; St. ¦ Louis, Mb.; .who
also ' manufactured the "v celebrated "cold .cure,'
1 Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.- \ r
Piles Cured Without the Knife. *
: WASHINGTON, ¦¦April ',7.— In -.the, United
States Supreme' Court to-day, the SoUcltor
General -entered* a" motion 'to advance the
hearing Tof the case of I Peter C.< Deming'r
the :_volunteer army ; officer.- released [ from
prison' on^awrit" of habeas corpus by 'the
United ; States 'iCircuit Court V of Kansas,
for the reason that the officers who tried
him .were officers "of the. regular army.
Deming's Case in Supreme Court.'
COPENHAGEN, April 7.— Two more se
cret cessions of the Landsthing were heH
to-day to discuss the Danish West' Indies
treaty, but no vote - was reached.'; '¦. The
opposition , made a new . motion, namely,'
to order that a plebescite be held^before
and '. not after the . ratification; of the
treaty.. This motion! will not' be 'accepted,
but it caused postponement of the vote
to the next meeting of, the house, which
will undoubtedly be the last one. . •
A reliable forecast Indicates that £ the
Landsthing will - vote ; for the. ratification
of the treaty and a plebescite subsequent
to this action. : . .:
Hen- von Fessen, who was sent to the
Danish West Indies in 1901 by the Nation
al Tidende, to etir .up opposition to the
proposed sale to ' the United States, has
Secret Meetings of the. Landsthing
Are Very Stormy.
OPPOSITION TO THE SALE.
returned with glowing reports of the suc
cess of his mission.' To^aay, he published
an article In the> National Tidende, i in
¦ which he declares ; that .*. influences ; haye
been. at work in the islands, -which would
render a; plebescite at > thisi-time.''worth
-less to Denmark, as -the vote -of HheUn
i habitants of the islands : would': result < in
favor of the sale.' -He therefore 'asks 'the
Landsthing . to reject the treaty outright.-
This • is believed t o • show, , the desperate
straits of . the opposition. - ' . j>
• It ; Is said that , the secret : meetings ; of
the Landsthing ,\were ', very • stormy, ; : and
; that a proposal - to reject ' the treaty • was
defeated by a vote of 35 to 28.-. f
SAN,. JOSE,,- April ,7.— An", engine and
tender, were derailed "at Santa Clara at 2
o'clock this morning because /of a , gig-,
nalman making a ; mi3take I in ¦ opening ,--• a
.switch. T. C. Goldbeck, .the • fireman, was
Injured on the v head and •. his right ' ? . arm
was broken, k Robert rMaxwell, : the • en
¦ gineer, escaped injury. • " - . ':¦¦ /- - : ¦
Engine; and- Tender Derailed.
WASHINGTON, Aprils 7.— The resigna
. tion of T. * V.~ Pow'deriy as • Commissioner
General of, Immigration • has been • placed
¦ in the hands of the President.--Powder
ly,' Is t to i be succeeded In office by - Frank
P. Sargent;"; but;' as the latter does not ex
pect to take hold.fqr.more than a month,
the f, present r ¦ commissioner's ¦ resignation
will not be accepted by the President un
til that time. • ; - . .¦>,,: ' r ' .
Powderly Sends in "His Resignation.
SAN JOSE, April 7.— John a
'brother «f General Manager Joyce of the
Pennsylvania Railroad Company*,' clfed
here last ; Tuesday, and his . body, will be
shipped East. No publicity, was . given
to. his death. on account of his prominent
connections. . Joyce was a sufferer rrom
catarrh. -.His | demise : occurred • in the "Jef
ferson lodglng-hcuse -on^ West ; Santa
Clara street. He received an allowance
cf $25 a month from relatives. Until his
death no one knew he , was a brother of
the railroad magnate. :
Railway Magnate's. Brother Dies.
. NEW YORK, April 7.— The Journal says :
At 'length, the constancy of Peter Martin
is about t^ .be" rewarded and : his fiancee,
Miss | Lily I Oelrichs, ." has announced , the :
definite date, for the wedding,^hich Is to
take place on July 7, at Newport. • There
have been. many obstacles in the way of
' this •unlon-^obstacles of every conceivable
character -!{which would have'Jserved : to
discourage any couple less devoted. .. But
at last every, difficulty-has been satisfac
torily overcome and compromised, and the
patience of ; the- charming Lily and-of htr
California 1 swain . Is about to. receive its
reward. \
Date Is Set for Wedding.
Precjiction.Causes a'Sensation.
.
v VIENNA, April' 7.—Some, sensation,has
been caused/' here by a", prediction" pub
lished in. the" Neue Freie. Presse" that Aus
trian ¦ troops"' will' be r employed. to | restore
order-in -the district of: Noyibazar.VIn
European Turkey. 'Such action; it is held,
would be; a step' toward the, partition of
Turkey. ; > : :
SANTA BARBARA^ April 7.— The.rar.ch
house . of . Mayor George S. Edwards • at
Goleta .was burned 1 early • this morning
and the flve-ycar-old son^ of the foreman,
John ' Troop, : was j cremated in the flameg.
The fire is supposed- to have started from
a coal oil 'stove. • . " :
The unfortunate child had been suffer
ing . from measles,- 1 and Miss Lane» . : a
nurse, was .taking care of it. ..Miss Lane
was awakened shortly, after midnight | by
flames and smoke and', aroused . Troop, :
who . was sleeping ' in an adjoining | room
with v two of : the . children. The fire was
already ' sweeping , through i'. the - building
and ¦ Troop rushed [ out with the two I chil
dren^;, intending to, return for, the third.'
When he turned back to the houseit:was
impossible, to enter, it in the face of the
flames, and he was severely burned in • his
attempt to : rescue "his little boy. -; The .
house and 'contents were a: complete loss.
Burned in .Attempting to
Rescue His Boy.
Banch Foreman at: Goleta Is Severely
SICK CHILD CBEMATED
IN BURNING DWELLING
A telegram from Sheriff Langf ord to
rtay announced that he would start West
with Gibson this evening:.
SAX JOSE,. April 7.— Charles B. Gibson,
a former welUknown insurance man of
this city* was arrested in Chicago last
night on a charge of" felony embezzle
ment by Sheriff Langf ord and Deputy
Sheriff Bridges, who went East a few
days ago. Two years ago Gibson was
the, local agent of the Continental Build
ing and Loan Association. Through
gambling he squandered some of the
company's funds. An Investigation
Fhowed a shortage of $453, but the com
pany did not prosecute, as he agreed to
make spod the amount
Shortly after the delinquency In his ac
counts was found Gibson left for San
Francisco, and later went to Chicago.
He failed to keep his promise to return
the- money, and a few days ago T. W.
McFafland of the Continental Company
swore to a warrant before Justice Cobb
chargring Gibson . with having embezzled
f450 from the company on August 20.
1300. •
Former San Jose Insurance Agent Is
Arrested in Chicago for
Embezzlement.
GIBSON TO COME BACK
IN" SHEBJFF'S CUSTODY
She was oh the: overdue list; at 10: per
cent. Her rate a few days ago; was 20
per cent, but the safe arrival -of. the
Windsor Park, " which left Newcastle
abc.ut the .same time, caused-a drop of
10 per cent in the rate.
The Frankistan : was. an' iron .^hip of
2002 tons burden. ' She . was built in»1882
by Oswald. Mordaunt & ;Co.;of ; South
ampton. She was 270^2 feet long, 39:5
feet beam and 24:1 depth Of hold...- She
was ' owned ¦ In Liverpool by , the British
and Eastern . Shipping Company, Limited/
tance, so as to be of service when re
quired. When the explosions took place
our captain visited the ship, and, after a
long talk with Captain Atkinson, it. was
decided to desert the burning vessel. .The
crew came aboard of- the. schooner at
noon and late that night we saw
what seemed to be an extlosion.
The sky was illuminated for a long time
and it is likely the Frankistan burned to
the water's edge. The men take the loss
of their ship coolly, with the exception of
one man, an Italian sailor, who is said to
have become deranged to the degree that
he Jumped overboard just as we were en-'
tcring the harbor. He .was rescued." ¦
The crew of the. Frankistan spent the
night at the Sailors' Home, and they will
appear before the British Consul to make
their statements to-day. They will be
paid off and released from their contracts
entered into at the time they signed arti
cles for the round voyage from Newcas
tle. The men think lightly of their ex
perience, but all express sympathy for
Captain Atkinson, whose loss of both ship
and berth they sincerely deplore. .
Cullom said the proposed bill would not I
only violate the Chinese treaty now : n
force, but would bean even greater viola
tion of the treaty superseded by the poli
tical convention, and which, he stated,
will be in force, again when the present
convention expires by limitation in 1904.
. Cullom said that under clauses in the
present bill students and : merchants are
so hedged around with restrictions thac
practically ; no Chinamen will be able . to
avail themselves of the exception. Cul
lom expressed himself as favorable to
the plan ¦ proposed ;: by Senator • P.att of
Connecticut, which is that, the Geary law
be re-enacted to continue in force until
1904, v when, the present, treaty with China
expires." He said that meanwhile the
State Department should ; make 'every ef
fort to secure a. new .'treaty allowing as
much restriction of Chinese immigration
as is desirable. . .
This statement, coming from- the hea-J
of the committee In charge of all treaties
that come before, the Senate, is regarded
as of great importance and worthy of
serious : consideration. - - i..
nese exclusion bill, Senator Cullom, chair
man of the Committee on P'oreign Rela
tlofns, made an important speech against
the Senate measure, which is practically
the same, in which he said the bill vio
lates all treaties with ' China and should
not be passed. -. ¦ ¦'
; I see before me men who were in the Span
ish I War. We are here on the land fought
over .'by .those who wore the gray, and those
who .wore the blue,' and those men. and their
descendants now • stand shoulder to shoulder as
good citizens. Interested In - all ¦ that • concerns
the welfare • of : our common : nation. ; . It is • a
great I pleasure to catch ¦ this glimpse - of you,
and I. thank you for your kind reception. ¦
The special train having on board Presi
dent Roosevelt arrived here at 6:22 p. m.
A large crowd.was in waiting to greet the
President.. As soon as he reached here
a cheer went up and the students of the
University : of Virginia, who had sur
rounded the car, gave their college yell.
The President bowed his acknowledg
ments and made the following brief
speech: ¦'-¦-.-' '. V: • ¦ • ¦ v
I hadHwo of;your university, graduates in
my regiment. I One, John Greenway, used to be
on your football eleven. I want to say how
glad I am to see you and what an Interesting
thing It must be to evc*y American* to .come
through this historic land. * As. we passed by
the vista in- the woods, we saw the. home of
the Madisons. Your great university . here is
associated with the' earU President of our
country. . ,¦ • • . ..
Continued From Page One. '
SHIP FRAMKISTJkK .BUBIED RT .SEA.-
Continued from Page One.
ONE OF THE- BEAUTIFUL DRIVES OVER WHICH VISITORS TO THE
SANTA CLARA COUNTY^ FLORAL FETES WILL. BE TAKEN. BLOS
SOMING ORCHARDS .STRETCH AWAY ALONG THE HIGHWAY.
CHINESE EXCLUSION BILL IS PASSED
San Jose will entertain the visitors on
Friday. There will be excursions to all
parts of the valley from here and in the
evening an excursion to Alum Rock Park,
which ¦ wlll.be lighted by electricity. Ex
cursions to Mount Hamilton are planned
for Saturday. , . . / •
will be a concert In St. James Park in
this city. -
ysa AN JOSE; April 7.— All is in readl
iwL. ness for the Santa Clara County
Blossom Festival, which wlll/jpen
to-morrow at j Saratoga. The en-»
". tire valley is white with blooms
and the orchards never looked prettier.
The Santa Clara County Improvement
Club has labored hard to make the fete
a success and to-night its officials are
confident, that -from' 10,000 to 20,000 visitors
will attend. : ¦ \ " .
The sight of thousands of acres of
peach, anricot, cherry and prune trees Is
a novelty that is worth going miles to
see. Along the drives of the county, of
which there are no end, these flowering
groves line both sides and give off a per
fume that scents the entire valley. ! Np
visitor will be allowed to go away without
seeing everything, for there will be ,vari
ous committees to conduct them around.
A programme of sightseeing has been ar
ranged under the auspices of the improve
ment club, of which V. A. Scheiler is
president and D. M. Burnett secretary.
Besides all the members taking a deep
interest in the festival, a special commit
tee is in charge of ; affairs, composed p£
the following: V. A. Scheiler. (chairman),
J. D. Radford, Paul Shcup, H. D. Ma
thews, T. C. Barnett and J. H. Rucker. .
This week of festivities among the fruit
blossoms and flowers of Santa Clara
County opens at Saratoga, ten miles
southwest of San Jose, in the foothills. A
fine programme of literary and musical
exercises, with luncheon and all kinds of
sports, will be presented by the Saratoga
Improvement Club. Hon. M. II. Myrick
of San Francisco will deliver an address
and there will be speaking by others. Rev.
W H. Cross will extend the welcome.
Then there will be drives about the or
chards and to Congress Springs.
The festival committee of -the blossom
fete held a meeting this afternoon and ar-
ranged it so that persons who, come here
instead of going direct to Saratoga could
engage transportation in carriages or
automobiles and thus enjoy the ride from
' here. ¦ ¦ ~ ¦ . ~ • ¦ . ¦
On Wednesday the scene of the festival
will be-Los Gatos and on Thursday at
Campbell. At both places there i will be
exercises. On Thursday evening there
When Cousins asked as to f Christmas'
statement that- the Sellgmans had guar
anteed certain contracts. Seligman
laughingly declared that such statements
were made of whole cloth: The commit
tee adjourned on call of the chairman.
A letter from Minister Brun stated
that "Captain Christmas had no author
ization whatever to enter into I negotia
tions In the name of the Danish Gov
ernment, nor to' make any promises in
the name of the Government in connec
tion therewith."
Brun also says he gave Captain Christ
mas no authority of introduction^ but
refused his requests in this connection.
Representative Richardson - said he
thought Hay should come before , the
committee and should produce any • let
ters he had . in- connection with Christ
mas going to Copenhagen. -. ¦ .
Chairman Dalzell stated^ that Secretary
Hay was ready to appear at any time
his presence was. desired.' The chairman
rather/ emphatically dissented from
Richardson's suggestion that a3 the Sec
retary "had used this man," there
should be a more . detailed explanation
of any communications sent to him. No
arrangements were made for Hay ap
pearing, but it was understood he would
be heard later. ' ¦¦ , ¦
Seligman, of the firm of 'Seligman &
Co., bankers, told of Christmas asking
the firm to take charge" of money trans
ferred in case of a cession of the islands.
The firm wrote a private banker at
Copenhagen, mentioned : by ' Christmas,
and the answer from the. institution 1 was
unsatisfactory, giving no confirmation of
Christmas' authority. After that, Selig
man said, the firm dismissed the mat
ter. .. . i . : ¦ . *- ... ' ¦
In a letter to Minister < Brun of Den
mark, enclosed. Hay refers to the sign
ing of the convention , of cession and
adds:
The Government of the United States is in
no manner under obligation to the good offices
of private parties in reaching the agreement
now happily brought about between the United
States and Denmark and cannot admit for its
own part, or support in any way any such
claim against Denmark for commission, com
pensation or remuneration of, whatever nature
which might be made by private parties for
alleged services in connection with the cession
of the islands in question to the United States.
Claim for Commission.
Secretary Hay's Letter.
Chairman Dalzell presented the follow
ing letter from . Secretary Hay on the
subject: . . ... v •'¦
To Hon. "John Dalzell, Chairman Select Com
mittee, etc. :
I hare received your letter of iho 31st of
Mr.rch and in renly beg leave to say:
In the early part of December, 1839, Captain
Christmas called upon me at this department
and Informed me that through private and
1 ersonal sources in Copenhagen he had become
aware that there was ' a disposition antfor.g
some of the leading members of the Danish
Government to regard favorably an" overture
frcm the Government of the United States look
ing to the acquisition of the Danish -islands.
He said that he had been a naval officer and
spoke at some length in regard to the desirabil
ity of the island of St. John as a naval station
for the United States. • At my ' suggestion he
conveyed what further technical information
he. had on this subject to Admiral Bradford ct
the Navy Department. Although he presented
no credentials whatever and expressly declared
that he had no official character, I thought his
story was of sufficient Interest to be worth
investigation. I tcld him I would send a con
fidential and trusted agent of this Government
to Copenhagen to ascertain unofficially the true
Etat« of affairs and mentioned to him the name
of Henry White, first secretary of the em
bassy at London. Captain Christmas said he
would like to be in Copenhagen when Mr.
White arrived and bring him into communica
tion with the members ¦ of the Government
whom he mentioned. I gave him a note of in
troduction to 3Ir. White and they met In Co
penhagen, where Captain Christmas had ar
ranged for an interview between Mr." "White
and a member of the . Danish Government.
Captain Christmas was not present at this in
terview and his connection with the matter
ceased entirely at that time. ¦ He afterward
returned to Washington and I saw him once
or twice but told him that there was no need
for services cf any private person In any nego
tiation which might be taken up between the
two Governments in regard to the acquisition
of the islands. I inclose a copy of a letter
which I gave to the Danish Minister in Wash
ington at the time of the signing of the recent
treaty and also a copy of a letter which I
have received from the " Danish Minister, Mr.
' Erun dated the 31st of March, 1902. Very
j sincerely yours, •_. JOHN HAY.
thousands of people and could not say
just whom he had seen. But as to this
Danish islajid question his never had a
discussion with any one on the subject.
C. W. Knox of Gleneld, Md., whose
name was mentioned In the Christmas
report, told of meeting Christmas, whom
he considered a cultivated man ' who had
become entangled with sharpers. The
witness said he consented .to assist
Christmas, and a contract was submitted
t6 the committee by the terms of which
Knox was to aseist in a proper manner
to bring about the transfer. Knox
to receive $15,000 in case of sale and $350
per month. As to a $5 transaction which
jiad been referred to, Knox said he gave
Christmas his check for $5, which \va3
indorsed by Hansen, and he produced
the <;heck. This was the only financial
transaction in the entire affair. The
witness said he never bribed any one and
nothing of the kind was ever contem
plated; he never received any meney
irom Christmas. . './¦-'
In response to questions from members
of the committee Knox specifically de
nied that he had introduced Christmas
to W. J. Bryan, or that he had claimed
to Christmas that he was an .intimate
friend of Senator Hanna.
Senator Bacon of Georgia told of two
casual conversations with Christmas. As
to the latter's statement that Bacon took
great interest in the purchase of the Dan
ish islands, the Senator declared it was
absolutely untrue,' as he did not believe
In the acquisition of the islands, and con
sidered it unfortunate that the United
States was in a position where it seemed
necessary to take them. . ¦
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Senator De
pew of New York appeared to-day before
the . special House committee investigat
ing charges in connection with . the
Danish West Indies negotiations. His
statement was brief. He expressed as
tonishment at having seen his name in
the Christmas report. He did not know
Christmas and never had seen him, as
far as he was aware, although he met
Cruiser Is Ordered to St. Thomas.
LONDON, April 8.— The Danish cruiser
Valkyrien. which left the Danish West
Indies last week, says the Copenhagen
correspondent of the Dally Mail, has been
suddenly ordered to return to St. Thomas,
es the Government is apprehensive of a
revolt there.
Hundreds of peasantry resisted the po
lice, and in a severe light last night many
on both sides were wounded and several.
It is reported, were killed. One of the
police was disemboweled by the rioters
Acting Governor Oliver and the general
in command of the troops from Kingston
arrived at Montego Bay this after
noon, where the rifting still continues.
The cruiser Tribune sailed from Kingston
this morning to land men at the scene of
the disturbance.
The situation is regarded as critical,
though it is expected that on the return
of Governor Hemming from Cuba peace
will be restored.
PORT ANTONIO. Jamaica, April 7.-
Precipitated by the levy of increased
taxes and what were demed, under the
circumstances, ill advised arrests, rioting
began Sunday night and has caused some
loss of life and the wounding of many at
Montego Bay, on the northwest coast of
the island.
Rioting in Jamaica.
Revolutionists Secure Arms.
PORT, AU PRINCE. Hayti, April 7.-A
number of revolutionists commanded by
General Nicolas Baptiste, attacked and
captured Jacmel. a town on the south
coast of Hayti, on Saturday, occupied
that town for twenty-four hours, re
leased the persons who had been impris
oned there and then retired to the hill«
taking with them all the arms and am
munition they could obtain. During the
lighting v.-hich preceded the capture of
Jacmel two men v.ere killed and a
number were wounded.
The Haytian cruiser Crete-a-Pirot has
started for Jacmel with arms and ammu
nition for that place and the Minister of
War. Gulllame, has left for Jacmel with
& detachment of troops.
The revolutionary General Riera is still
In the district of Coro, where his forces
are checking the Government troops un
der General Gomez, the Vice President of
the, republic.
Government forces have also been rout
ed near Caucagua, in the state of Petare
r.nd the Rio Chico district is also in
trms.
The situation of the Venezuelan Gov
ernment is becoming critical. It is al
most without financial resources, and
consequently, cannot pay its soldiers. The
people are making elforts to escape for
cible enlistment in the army, and Presi
dent Castro has been obliged to bring
troops from the state of Los Andes. Cas
iro was born in this state, and the men
from there are called Andincs.
The customs receipts of the republic
ere decreasing daily.
Barcelona, the capital of the state- of
Bermuciez, is again closely watched by
the insurgents under Monagas. General
Velutlni, the Minister of the Interior, has
recently been sent to this town. .
Government officials at Caracas esti
mate that there are &>00 revolutionist un
oer arms in the above mentioned dis
tricts.
Situation Is Becoming Critical.
The town of Cumanaz, also in Ber
mudez, is also surrounded by revolution
ary forces.
General Escalante and two of Presi
dent Castro's brothers suffered severe de
leat at the hands of insurgents under
Rorando, Penalosa and Ducteirme, April
3, at San Agostin, near Carupano, in
the state of Bermudez.
Of the 850 Government soldiers engaged
in this action only 350 retreated, the re
mainder being killed, wounded or hav
ing 4eserted.
The Government was defeated in an
other engagement April 4, near El PUar,
when its soldiers were trying to reach
Cariaeo, in Bermudez. On this occasion
the Government troops again retreated
to Carupano, where General Escalante
is awaiting reinforcements. Among these
will be SOU Government soldiers called An
dinos. General Escalante hopes to take
the offensive with 1200 men. The situa
tion at Carupano was still without change
April 6. There the revolutionists and tne
Government forces are facing each other
ia an attitude of expectancy.
forcements of troops and supplies of am
munition daily to many parts of the re
public.
WILLEMSTED, Island of Curacao,
April 7.— The revolution in the eastern
part of Venezuela has made much pro
gress during the past week and the Gov
trnrnent has been obliged to send rein-
Under the authority of the recent decision of
this court in the State of Minnesota vs. the
Northern Securities Company it is clear that,
the Northern Pacific and Great Northern Rail
way companies are necessary parties defendant,
not only in this, but any other court having
eouitable Jurisdiction in an action brought by
the State of Washington against the Northern
Securities Company. -
'This rule bars the State of- Washington from
maintaining such an action in the courts of
New Jersey for the reason that said railway
companies are not within the State for the
purpose of giving the court Jurisdiction over
An' action against the Northern Securities
Company will not lie in the State of. Wash
ington for the reason that the courts are
powerless to obtain Jurisdiction over its person.
Careful inquiry has been made, and it has
been found that the State of New York Is the
only State in the Union in which each of said
parties defendant has denned an agent upon
whom process may be served, and it is d*ar
that such an action against the defendants (an
- The brief, referring to the former case
brought by the State of Minnesota, says:
Minnesota Case Is Quoted.
The bill asks for a general order of re
straint and injunction and is a general
recital of the acts of merger which It is
claimed are in contravention of the laws
of the State of Washington prohibiting:
the consolidation of competing lines • of
railroads. It is charged specifically that
the Northern Securities Company was
organized solely for the purpose of carry
ing out and accepting the designs, agree
ment and plans of James J. Hill and
J P. Morgan and their associate stock
holders to effect a consolidation of the
property, railway lines, corporate powera
and franchises of the Northern Pacific
and the Great Northern companies re
spectively through the Northern Securi
ties Company.
This combination is characterized as a
"conspiracy" and it Is asserted that the
interests of the individual stockholders In
the property, aid franchise of the two
railway companies was to terminate and
to be converted into an interes t In- the
• property- and - f ranchlse i ot-.the Northern
Securities Company,.^. ~ ¦¦,.¦ 7 ;.."- v
The: individual .stockholders were no
longer to hold an interest jn or draw
their dividends from the earnings of either
of said railway companies, but- rather
from the earnings. of botn systems, col
lected and distributed by such holding
corporation. That the defendant, the
Northern Securities Company, is not only
exercising the right of ownership of such
stock, but al3O dictating the management
of said railway companies.
The interest of the State in maintain
ing Independent lines of road Is fully set
forth, and in the accompanying brief the
legal reasons in support of the action
are set out in detail. Among these is the
plea that unless the Supreme Court as
sumes jurisdiction the*State of Washing
ton is without a forum to which the con
troversy may be presented.
Asks for Order of Restraint.
In connection with his motion for leave
to file his bill of complaint, Stratton sub
mitted copies of his bill and a brief in
its support. To avoid the objection under
which the court refused to enter the bill
of the State of Minnesota against the
Northern Securities Company, the State
of Washington has made the Great Nortri
ern Railway Company and the Northern
Pacific Company defendants.
Former, Attorney General Griggs, who
¦was present as the representative- of the
railroad companies, acquiesced In what
Stratton said as to the desirability of an
early hearing, but the court declined to
announce an immediate decision on that
point. The Chief Justice . said, however,
that an early response would be given.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Attorney Gen
eral Stratton of the State of Washington
to-day brought to the attention of the
United States Supreme Court the desire
of that State to bring suit to prevent the
merger of the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern railroads. by moving for
leave to file a bill of complaint on behalf
of the State versus the Northern Pacific
and the Great Northern Railroad , Com
panies aftd the Northern Securities Com
pany. In making the motion Stratton said
counsel for the defendants was J present
and prepared to proceed with an oral ar
gument if the court was prepared to hear
them, adding that the case involved the
same questions as were presented in the
Minnesota case. He added that an Im
mediate hearing was desired, because it
would save another trip from, the State
of Washington. .^.;_" i
House Investigating Committee . Gets.
Some New Light on Alleged Scan
dal in Sale of ; Danish
, West Indies.
Insurgents Capture the , Town of
Jacmel, on South Coast of
Hayti, and Secure Anns
and Ammunition.
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
" Announces That Petition Will
Be Given an Early
Important Engagements Are
Fought at San Agostin "¦
and El Pilar.
Former Captain, However, Is
Not Entitled to Any
Commission.
Characterizes Combination as
a Conspiracy to. iDJure
Stockholders.
Secretary of State Says
He Used the Man's
Information.
Attorney General of the
State Opposes Rail
way Merger.
Venezuelan Revolution
ists Rout the Regu
lar Troops.
GOVERNMENT
FORCES MEET
WITH DEFEAT
WASHINGTON
ASKS LEAVE
TO FILE SUIT
Santa Clara Valley Is Resplendent in Springtirne; i Garb and Gentle
Breezes Will Waft ithe Fragrance of -the to/ the
-Thousands of Guests 5f the Floral- Fete; That Opens To-Day
ACRES OF BLOOMING ORC HARDS AWAIT
THE COMING OF CARNIVAL VISITORS
HAY ADMITS
RECOGNIZING
CHRISTMAS
2
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ vAPRIL 8, 1902^
To Cure a Cold on One' I>ay..
Take- Laxative' Bromo-Qulnine .Tablets., ',' All'-
drug-gists refund the money if . It '.falls , to ' cure.'
JS. W/ Grove's signature is on 'each "box, -25c.' ¦
Catarrli, Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cured by
M COTTiNGHAi'S^
Regular graduate and expert on tsAR.* XOSE.
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES.
1U Sutler iireet, H W.- Cor. cf Kearny
Hours. "9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
pnnnAN HONEST. TRIAL OF ONE
rKrr WEEK given to show the m-
• " , perior merit, of: the treatment.
3000 test cases, 95 per t cent cured. Call at
once or write for free treatment.
I DAUGHTERS.
Too Many of them Are toneless,
Weak, Pals and Unasmie.
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Reaches the Root of Every Fe-
male Trouble and Makes
Ouf .Women Strong
and Vigorous.
It is almost regrettable fact, and a
calamity, too, that our women, young
and old. are numbered amongst the most
unhealthy of females In the civilized
world. For delicacy of beauty, Intel-
lectual capacity, and for all graces that
adorn the sex they stand peerless; but
it is doubtful if one in ten can be found
who is functionally and organically well.
This absence of feminine .health an.I
vigorous vitality is due to a neglect of
nature's unerring laws. Immedlato
reformation is necessary if our nation
would have women who will become
true wives and mothers with an off-
spring that will prove a strength to the
country- . , .
For the special weaknesses to which
women are now victims, Paine's Celery
Compound is the surest and safest rem-
edy. The wonderful strengthening an-1
building-up properties of this marvelous
prescription devised by that eminent
medical expert. Prof. Edward E. Phelps.
M D LL. D-, and its specific action ia
correcting disorders of the female organ-
ism, are well known to the medical pro-
fession and to the tens of thousands of
women who have been raised from weak-
ness and disease to health and physical
h^aine e 's 3 Celery Compound quickly gives
the true health tint to sallow and blood-
less faces; it gives life and light to the
eyes; it gives pure, clean blood to course
through the body; it gives natttral appe-
tite, sweet- sleep, and that blessed cheer-
fulness that is the delight of men. Try
a bottle or two of Paine's Celery Com-
pound, dear suffering and run down sis-
ter Your condition, your family inter-
ests, and the welfare of society demand
this effort on your part.
miMAVn HVCC color anything any color.
lllAlUUnil V I E3 Never fail'. Never fade!
being non-residents of the State of New Tork)
cannot be maintained therein under sec-
tion 1730 of the New Tork Code of Civil Pro-
cedure.
Two briefs were filed in opposition to
the prayer of the complainant, one ot
these being by George B. Young. M. T>.
Grover and C. W. Bunn, and the other
by former Attorney General John VV.
Griggs. Griggs takes' the position that
the bill of complaint does not present a
case of a controversy of a civil nature,
which, under the constitution and laws
of the United States, is justifiable in this
court, that it is a suit to enforce the
local law and policy of a State, whoso
right to make laws and enforce them ex-
ists only .within itself and by means of
its own agencies and is limited to Its own
territory, and that whatever the law of
the State of Washington is upon the
subject of the consolidation pf railroad
corporations, it is a municipal . or police
law, and not one conferring rights of, a
prcprietory or contractual nature. ,
H« contends that. neither the courts of
the United , States nor or. »aj— wther -jurist
diction outside the State j of Washington
will lend. their aid- to the enforcement of
the police laws of "Washington.
Denies the Suggestion, of . Injury.
He further points out that none of the
acts complained of is alleged to have
been done within the jurisdiction of the
State of Washington and says:
Every specific thins charged in the bill of
complaint as having been .done by the Northern,
Securities Company and its stockholders, and
by the stockholders of the two railway com-
panies, was in the exercise of a usual, univer-
sally conceded right In and over personal prop-
erty — the rizht to buy, sell, hold and vote
stock and to pay and receive dividends thereon.
The suggested injury that is feared is admitted
to spring from the fact that one person, or a
number of persons who are of one purpose, hold
a majority or controlling interest In the stock
of two competing lines of rail-way — a thine not
forbidden by the law of Washington or any
other State. It 13 certainly an astonishing
proposition that Washington has a right to
complain that a foreign corporation has ac-
quired a majority of the capital stock of two)
railway companies, one a Wisconsin corpora* -
tion and the other a Minnesoata company,
merely because the railroad companies operator
roads in Washington.
Griggs also makes the assertion that,
as a matter of fact, none of defendants
has combined or made any contract for
any of the purposes charged. * - ,
Quoting the laws of Washington bearing
on this point, he says: y
Nothing In any of these sections forbids one
person, whether an individual or a corporation,
from acquiring a majority of the stock in two
competing railroad companies. The prohibi-
tion is placed upon the companies themselves.
It is their acts, done for the purpose of con-
solidation and combination which are regulated,
not the acts of the- Individual stockholders In
selling their stock, or transferring It to ona
person or a syndicate of persons for the pur-
pose of control. - • .
> Tke I'Qcte^t ii>
; W^lKiK^a ticks;
fcS^^vZ-?^ jr^ They ar e made i /P^T^^-^^
r*^V \^^ m graceful, taper- v> — -r
1 Jr ing shapes, from
I . wang and weiclisel wood— a^^
I . '-J^'- tough, hard, wiry wood im^^
I '-S{- ported from Europe. The sticks, how-^^^
I ever, were finished in New Yorlci Some
I are plain, while, others are sterling silver
I The regular, price of the .sticks is 50c; special while
1 ¦ " ¦¦'¦ ' *
_-Bythe way, wi have just -received a fins lot of golf shirts In
that.popular tan shade that is all the rage this season. '
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. -
718 Market Street.MAYOR AND ; MEMBERS OF THE
CITY/COUNCIL OF MARYSVILLE
FOR ENSUING TERM.
Of the new board there is only one mem
ber that served during. the past term, P.
the old board met and transacted, what
business remained to-be considered.
Mayor C. S. Brooks read . his valedictory
and the board adjourned sine die. ;
BAKERSFIELD, April 7. — Lizzie Smith,
colored, is In the County Hospital In a preca
rious condition, as the result of a beating, pre
sumably at the hands of a negro named Harry
Scheffer, who Is under arrest at the County
Jail. The woman's skull is fractured and it is
believed she will die.
i SANTA CLARA. April 7.— The town
election to-day resulted in the selection
of the following officers: Town Trustees
D. O. Duruffel, L. M. Kimberlln, A. E
Osborne; School Trustees— E. H. Smith
and G. H. Worrall; Marshal. D. A.
Toomey; Clerk, C. J. Fenton; Treasurer,
E. P. Stanley. .
Santa Clara's Election.
J. P. Heyel. N. V: Nelson, T. J. O'Brien
and P. J. Divver compose the balance of
the Council. Of the other city officials
T. J. .Williams, who has for a number of
years acted as Deputy Recorder, assumed
the duties of Clerk, and Assessor: J.s a
Maben holds his position as Marshal and
W. C. Swain as Treasurer. The School
Commission Board will be represented by
Peter ; Engell, W. J. Bowen and J E
Boorman.
L./C. Williams, ..to whose hands has
been "intrusted the mayoralty reins, has
had years of experience in the conduct
of a : responsible trust as a member of
the Council. He : is a conservative man
and his knowledge of the affairs of the
city gives him an advantage over many
citizens. in this respect," a fact that the
people recognized at the polls. In taking
his seat this evening Mayor "Williams de
clared that he would pursue a policy that
he deemeS for the good of the entire city
and all of Its citizens.
J. Divver having been returned to his
office by an increased majority. The
present, Council will consist of three Re
publicans and two Democrats. ,
The Viking was fired upon during her
voyage,": but whether the firing was by
revolutionists or by Government troops is
not known. The lives of the New York
and Bermudez Company's employes are
exposed, as the lake is the center of the
revolution. * -
TRINIDAD, April 7.— The Venezuelan
Consul here has refused to sign the pa
pers of the steamer Viking of the New
York and Bermudez Company. The Amer
ican Consui. after consulting the com
mander ot the cruiser Hartford, ¦ signed
the steamers' papers on his own responsi
bility ; and the Viking then sailed for
Guanoco. -
lutionists or Government
Troops Is Unknown.
Whether Shots Came From Revo-
AMERICAN SHIP VTJKING
FIRED UPON WHEN AT SEA
Bernier has $50,000 already in hand for
the expedition. He expects $75,000 to be
voted by the Dominion Government. The
steamer, which will be built here, to start
in December at the latest, will cost $60,000.
A system of wireless telegraphy is one
of the principal features of the* plan to
reach the pole, where Bernier expects to
be in 1906 at the latest. A wireless ap
paratus will be taken on the steamer.
After a voyage of two years, it is ex
pected, the vessel will be within 500 miles
of tbe pole. One party of adventurers
will then start over the ice further north,
planting posta, from which wireless mes
sages may be transmitted. Another party
will proceed further and finally it is ex
pected that a chain of wireless telegraphs
will be continued from the ship to the lo
cation of the pole. '
VANCOUVER; B. C.. April 7.— Captain
J. E. Bernier of Quebec, who for a year
has been planning an expedition to reach
the north pole, is expected to arrive in
Vancouver in two weeks to make arrange
ments for the construction of a ship for
the northern cruise.
Explorer Bernier Expects to Establish
Wireless Stations in the
Arctic.
MAY SEND MESSAGES
FHOM THE NOBTH POLE
General Selarey Hakes Some Serious
BBITISH ATROCITIES.
Accusations.
AMSTERDAM, April 7.— The Boer Bu
reau here has published a report which
was sent last January by General De
larey> to Kruger, and which is counter
signed by Ignatius Ferraria, the acting
state attorney.
Th's report contains numerous stories
of alleged British ! atrocities and is sup
ported by affidavits. Besides the general
accusations of placing women as screens
around the British camps, as a result of
which practice many women are said to
have been 1 killed. General Delarey gives
speciV instances, with names and dates,
of the killing of wounded prisoners and
women. He complains that, owing to
Lord Methuen's persecution, his own
wife, with six children, has been wan
dering on the veldt for the past year.
General Delarey complains also that his
mother, aged 83 years, was driven into
Klerksdorp, after her cattle had been
stolen and her house burned.
Van der Merwe. late Mining Minister of
the Rand, now fighting under Delarey,
appends a further list of atrocities, com
mitted on women and children to the re
port of General Delarey.
Erne and Gans Post Forfeit.
BUFFALO, N. T., April 7.— Frank
Erne and Joe Gans have each posted $500
to appear on May 1 at the International
Club at Fort Erie, just across the river
from Buffalo. They are to box twenty
rounds at 133 pounds, to weigh in at tha
ringside.
ALONG THE COAST
LOS ANGELES. April 7.— The Council to-day
voted to allow the entire school bond Issue, aa
asked for by the Board of Education, to go be
fore the voters.
B.VKERSFIELD.' April 7.— The contract for
the construction of the Bank of Bakersfleld's
building at Chester avenue and Twentieth
street has been let and work will commence
at once.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 7.— The captain of
the sealing schooner Mary Taylor reports hav
ing picked op. forty-five miles south of Cap*
Flattery, a life buoy from the missing warship
Condor.
STOCKTON'. April 7.— A deal has just be«n
cloned whereby "West A Son, wine merchants,
will become the owners * of the Brack A
Bauer vineyard and winery near Woodbridge.
The purchase price Is $67,000.
SUISUN. April 7. — The County Supervisors
to-day made an appropriation of $1000 to assist
th»- Knights of Pythias of Solano County lit
maklnar an exhibit of the county products at
the National Conclave in "San Francisco In
August. Fine headquarters will be established
The contest was actively waged and the
count was watched with the utmost in
terest. After the votes had been counted
Luther Brown, who was watching the in
terests of the Gage adherents, mounted a
chair and made an address, asking for
harmony in the party no matter which
candidate won.
The contest was a clean-cut struggle
between the forces of Governor Gage and
Senator Flint. For a long time the men in
control of the Union League have been
strong In their opposition to the renom
lnation of Governor Gage, and : Senator
Flint while on hi3 trips to Los Angeles
has been the recipient of many courtesies
from the dominant element. So strong
have the Flint forces felt themselves in
the club that the assertion was recently
made by one of the leaders 1 that "90 per
cent of the Union League is for. Flint.**
Realizing the far-reaching effect a defeat
in the leading Republican club of his
home city would have, the supporters of
Gage made extraordinary efforts to carry
the election, but without avail. Flint's
majority was in the ratio of about four
to three.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— The Union
League Republican Club met to-night and
re-elected the old board of directora. The
following were the successful candidates:
R. N. Bulla, L. C. Gates, G. M. Glffln.
Henry Henderson. Thomas Hughes, A.
W. Kinney. C. J. Kubach, Byron L. Oliver
and R. D. Wade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Make Extraordinary Efforts to Carry
the Day, but the San Benito
Senator Has a Larg«
Majority..
Governor's Supporters in His
Home Oity Are Badly
Routed.
Henry E. Huntlngton to-day declined to
admit any interest In the alleged new
purchase. The Colorado Southern is oper
ated from Denver to Fort Worth, Tex.
SANTA BARBARA, April 7.— President
Harriman of the Southern Pacific and
party spent to-day inspecting the work
on the Santa Susanna tunnel. From
there they went this afternoon direct to
Los Angeles and will not again return to
this city. While here Mr. Harriman and
President Rlpley of the Santa Fe -were
together a great deal. They both said
that there was no business conference be
tween them.
Vice President Paul Martin of the
Santa Fe, who has assisted in engineering
the Colorado Southern deal, departed yes
terday for the East.
The purchase of the Colorado Southern
was made entirely on private account,
the stock having been obtained in open
market. Those in a position to know say
that the-Huntington-Crocker-Hawley syn
dicate will await its opportuntiy to dis
pose of the Colorado road to the highest
cash bidder! The line is a profitable feed
er and 13 expected to be acquired before
long by one of the large transcontinental
railways, either the Gould system, the
Union Pacific or the Santa Fe.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— Dispatches
from Denver report that the Colorado
Southern has been purchased jointly by
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe. It was
learned , to-day on reliable authority that
the .information is incorrect. Neither
President Rlpley nor President Harriman
has thus far evinced a disposition to ac
quire the new Huntington-Crocker-Haw
ley railway— for, besides Henry E. Hunt
ington, the , new owners of the Colorado
line are George Crocker of San Francisco
and E. C. Hawley, until recently general
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's Atlantic system.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Hopes to . Dispose of Line
to a Transcontinental .
System.
Flint Forces Win the
Union League Club
Election.
Heads ¦ Syndicate That
Bought Colorado
Southern.
LOS ANGELES
REPUBLICANS
SMITE GAGE
ACTUAL OWNER
IS HUNTINGTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAX.1^; TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902.^
} Another carload of, trunks, valises, dress
suit cases, traveling; sets at, our -famous
carload'pricesri'Allklnds ot , leather gooda
In' this ; department, '-¦ lettered in -gold let
;ters free of charge. ' Sanborn,' Vail &" Co. "
741". Market street.,' ¦ • ¦
Trunks and Valises.
The fruit 'trees have been backward
this season, but are how' making-' upl for
lost time, .and the Santa -Clara Valley is
now a sea of. bloom; Special rates have
been made by the Southern Pacific. This
Is Saratoga day. and ¦ the festival' com
mittee has provided , free carriages s for
the drive through. the orchards from Los
Gatos. «: To-morrow is Los Gatos day.
Blossoms Everywhere.
Postofflce Safe Blown ; Open.
,PALOUSE,:Wash., April 7.— The safe in
the^postoffice here .was blown -open ,with
dynamite at an: early hour this morning
and about 5600 in cash stolen.
Site for White Monument.
. LOS ANGELES, April 7.— The Stephen
M. White memorial fund committee ; this
afternoon declined the offer of the State
Capitol Commissioners to erect on the
Capitol grounds. at Sacramento the 'me
morial tablet to the late United States
Senator, from Los Angeles. The commit
tee resolved that the monument should
be erected ¦ upon the courthouse grounds
in Los Angeles, in accord with the orig
inal intention.
5 BERLIN, April 7.— A \ federation of revo
lutionary,; laborers, i, which j is working 1 in
.the- name; of -the German ' anarchists, : is
distributing a" mysterious ¦, circular calling
for an anarchist conference, for. the third
v.-eek'in, May. 1 The place of the confer
ence", is not named, but 'the circular says
this will ¦ be, designated ; later by letter, in
order to avoid police interference.
Anarchists : Call a ; Conference.
BUFFALO. April 7. — Edward Kappelle.one
of the best-known life Insurance agents In this
part of the country, Is under arrest at Niagara
Kalis, accused of obtaining about $3000 by
false representations from George F. Green; a
farmer of Niagara County. The warrant was
iKisued . against "Edward W. Kappelle, alias
Edward W. King."' • , , , . • ,
LONDON. Apry 7. — Vice Admiral Sir Harry
Handesworth Rawson. formerly In command of
the Channel squadron, and Lady Rawson • Sir
Richard Musgrave and Lady Musgrave will be
among the passengers on the White Star line
eteamer Teutonic, which Is to sail. from Liver
pool on April 9 for New York.
CHICAGO. April 7.— Thirty persons were
driven into the street to-day by a fire which
destroyed the block of nine frame buildings in
Cottage Grove avenue, between Thirty-ninth
etreet and Oakwood boulevard, owned by Hetty
Green and others. The total logs is put at
t ZO.CGO. ,
LONDON. April 7.— The Board of Trade re
turns for March show the remarkable decreases
of £0,528.195 In imports and £2.604,055 in •ex
ports, compared with March. 1901. This Is at
tributed mainly to the abnormal clearances ¦ of
last year In anticipation of the new duty.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 7.— Charlemagne
Tower, the United States Embassador to Rus
sia, will start from this city for Lausanne,
Switzerland, to-morrow. I-Ater he will leave
for the United Staten and expects to reach
Washington early in May. - ¦
LEAVENWORTH. April 7.— Oberlin II. Car
ter's condition to-day continued to show, a
marked Improvement. • Warden McCalughrey
rays he thinks the physicians have succeeded
in abating the fever.
' 'WASHINGTON. April 7.— The Comptroller
of the Currency has declared a dividend of
¦iVi per cent in favor of the creditors of the
insolvent Consolidated Bank of San Diego, Cal.
MONROVIA. April 7. — James Hock of Ak
ron, Ohio, was killed here last night by falling
off the brakebeam on the eastbound Santa J5\j
overland. :•¦ ¦ ¦
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
BUISUN. April 7. — The organization of .-&
$ 10.000 stock company for the purpose of build
ln«r and operating a • steamer between Suisun
and San Francisco has been effected by the
business men of this city. The vessel will be
called the Suisun City. ,
Suisun Men to Own Steamer.
BRUSSELS, April 7. — A supposed infer
nal machine exploded to-day at the en
trance of the Banque National and caused
slight damage to the Janitor's apartments.
No .clew has been found to the persons
who caused the explosion.
Infernal Machine Causes Damage
Former Chief of Police Hoge has re
called the fact that when Lowe was in
jail here four years ago he made a com
plete confession regarding his .criminal
life. Hoge and. Lowe were schoolmates
in Ames College. Later Lowe graduated
from Oberiln University. That was about
1&74. He ' went > to China as captain's
clerk, but lost his position and returned
to San Francisco, where his" career of
crime began. He married and his wife
is now confined In an insane asylum. ...
•During one term in San Quentin, Lowe
obtained the position of warden's clerk,'
receiving, a good salary. As soon as re
leased he resumed his career as a burg
lar. Lowe related to ex-Chief Hoge In
cidents of his association .with Con Har
vey, the notorious confidence man, 'who)
so far as known,' has never been convict
ed. At college Lowe had the reputation
of being a most intractable student,
though always standing at the head of
his class. His first criminal exploit was
the robbing of his own home in Keokuk
during the absence of .his family.
Emery has become one of the most
notorious burglars on the Pacific Coast.
He has served four terms in prison, two
in San Quentin, Cal., one in Oregon and
one in Walla Walla. Last year he fol
lowed President McKinley's train
through California, making numerous
hauls. From Admiral Melville's room in
a Los Angeles hotel he took a wallet
containing $800. .-•,-...- ¦*:
TACOMA, April 7.— Burglar CD.
Emery, sentenced last week to serve ten
years in Walla Walla Penitentiary, has
been positively recognized as Peter Per
ley Lowe, son of former Governor Lowe
of Iowa. His home is in Keokuk.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This 'evening, it was announced -that
Hannahan ; had confessed to". the police
that ¦ himself and > Scanlan .' were > in the
gang which m robbed the bank. • He de
clared that he did not know the names j of
the other men or where they intended 'to
go. :-:¦¦•--': ' ••' ; V ¦¦'¦. :¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦' ' ¦ 7 ::: :
I Banker LIpsey . to-day offered a reward
ofJoOO for the arrest of the other robbers.
The bank i is secured against . loss i on ! the
money taken by burglar insurance. '¦•-
Two .men who boarded . the ; Santa < Fe
train .at I^epesta, ' seven miles west ! of
Fowler, ." this morning ... were arrested as
suspects by Deputy, Sheriff. Thomas, who
also boarded the train - at Nepesta, In
their posseslon, was found $288 and several
coin sacks. : The prisoners have not been
Identified, but they gave the names of
James N B. ' Scanlan and J. P. Hannahan.
Scanlan is five feet. ten inches tall, has a
ruddy/complexion; and sandy mustache
and is about 28 years of age.' Hannahan
is flve ; feet four_ inches | tall, ¦ has a. dark
complexion"' and : , heavy. . black : . mustache
and is about 30 years old.- .,. .:-'
Bloodhounds have been sent to ". Fowler
to trail the. robbers. •
PUEBLO, Colo., April 7.— The Bank of
Fowler at Fowler, Colo., twenty-five miles
east of this city, was robbed' of $1100 by
safe-blowers at 2 o'clock this mornlnvg.
Several charges of nitro-glycerin were ex
ploded to open the safe and. the cash box.
Citizens were | aroused by the explosions
and fired several shots ( at : four men \who
were seen' running, away, .but the robber's
succeeded [in] getting out of . town. News'
of the jobbery was telephoned to neigh
boring towns.
Father of Tacoma Con
vict Once Governor !
of Iowa.
Deputy Sheriff Captures
% Them as They Are
Trying to Escape.
BANK BOBBERS
UNDER ARREST
That open hand in this bard fist,'
Than shake hands with ye all.' " ¦ . • l
With regrets that New York is so far from
California, and with love to you and yours.
• JOAQUIX MILLER.
NEW YORK, April 7.— Andrew Car
negie was the guest of honor at a ban
quet given to-night by the Society of
American Authors. A crank inventor,
who repeatedly interrupted speech-mak
ing by proposing to present Carnegie
with a wonderful five million dollar type
writer Invention, worked by footpower,
was finally ejected.
From Joaquin Miller, In his home, the
Heights, Oakland, Cal., these lines v:ere
sent to the society and were read:
Hail, fat King: Ned.
Hail fighting Ted.
Great William, Grim Oom Paul;
But I'd rather twiEt -
Carnegie's wrist.
Making and Is Finally
Ejected.
Crank Inventor Interrupts Speech-
CARNEGIE GUEST OF HONOR
AT A BANQUET IN GOTHAM
BURGLAR A SON
OF NOTED MAN
nARYSVILLE. April 7.— The
municipal affairs of the city of
Marysville to-night passed into
the hands of the gentlemen se-.
lected by the people at the polls
on March 17. At 6 o'clock this evening
The woman's championship will be held
on June 24, at the Philadelphia Cricket
Club, while the intercollegiate event also
will take place in Philadelphia, at the
Merion Cricket Cub. The schedule in
cludes the following dates:
May 23, California Lawn Tennis Club. San
Francieco— Open tournament. June 30, Pacific
State* Lawn Tennis Association. San Rafael
Cal. — Pacific Cos.st championship, men's sin
gles, fifteenth annual. August ti, Seattle Lawn
Tenets Club, Seattle, Wash. — State champlon-
Eh!p. August 12, Tacoma.La.wn Tennis Club
Pacific Northwest championship, twelfth an
fcual. September 3, Pacific States Lawn Ten
nis Association, Del Monte, Monterey, Cal.
Pacific Coast ehaicDionthlps. men's doubles
'twenty-third annual) and women's singles.
BOSTON, April 7.— The summer schedule
of open, invitation and champion tourna
ments of the National Lawn Tennis As
sociation was issued to-day. The national
championship, as usual, will be held at
Newport, beginning August 13. The East
ern championship In doubles will take
place at Longwood July 21. and the West
ern doubles two days previous, in Chi
cago.
Lawn Tennis Schedule.
Washington— Original— John A. Ander
son,-Shelton. $8. Increase— John - Labor,
Shelton. $8; Charles L. Barrett, Monte
sano, $8; Warren McClure, Pateros. $12.
W r idows— Libbie P. Patrick, Sr.ohomish. $<.
Army orders? — Captain Abraham S. DlcJe
hom, quartermaster, will proceed from
Fort Washington, Maryland, to San
Francisco, reporting not later than April
15 for duty as quartermaster and acting
commissary on the transport Logan.
Captain John F. Preston, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, is to be relieved from duty at
Columbus Barracks April 15. He will pro
ceed to San Francisco, thence to the Phil
ippines to join his regiment.
' Oregon— Original— Robert Kelly, t Perry,
$12. Increase — Josiah Holsinger, Salem,
$S; Thomas Allen, Yoncalla, Jlo: Benjamin
Hv Stone. Palestine. $8. ' '
These pensions have been granted: Cal
ifornia — Increase — Guy R. Camp,. Santa
Rosa, $8; David Hutchinson, Madera, $10.
¦Widows — Marie L. Cooper, San Francisco,
JS; Sarah E. Banbury, Pasadena, $8; Anna
V. Fleming. San Francleco, 48. •«**;
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Thomas C. Bould'n, Azusa; John P. Seibe,
Birds Landing; Bert L. Hampton, Min
eral; Charles L. Sewell. McNeal; John
Kelley. Seneca. Oregon— Henry E. Hen
dryx, Lawton.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— Postoffices es
tablished: California— McNeal, Stanislaus
County; Seneca, Plumas County. Post
office discontinued April 30: Oregon—Es
trupa. Lane County, mail goes to Junction
City.
Postal Service and More Pen
sions Granted. '
Several Changes Are Hade in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE r
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The general had not concluded his
statement when the committee ad
journed until 10:30 to-morrow morning.
Major General Arthur MacArthur be
gan his statement, which he said would
be a review of his observations in the
islands and of opinions he had formed.
He said that after a complete study of
the situation he had concluded that per
manent American occupation of the
islands was advisable.
In the course of the brief debate Sena
tor Culberson charged Governor Taft
with deliberately withholding the report
damaging to the army while testifying
before the committee, -and he . then said
tnat l!ic vfTtnnoldingr of this report on the
part of the Secretary of War was done
as a purpose of controlling a committee
of the Senate. '
The incident finally closed when, the
committee adopted a resolution calling
for the report and General Chaffee's com
ment thereon.
This, however, did not satisfy Senator
Culberson, and he moved that the Sec
retary of War be directed to furnish the
committee with a copy of the report In
question.
The Secretary further said that this re
port had been Eent to General Chaffee
to investigate, and that he had been or
dered to make a full report thereon.
In answer to Senator Culberson Sen
ator Lodge, chairman of the committee,
explained that this report had been de
tained by the War Department because
it contained criticisms upon the army,
ar.d on the army in that province In par
ticular. The object of thus keeping back
the report was to first have . comment
upon It by General Chaffee.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., WASHINGTON, April 7.— As an In
dication that the Democrats in Congress
Intend to take up the case of General
Miles against the administration. Sena
tor Culberson to-day In the Senate Com
mittee on the Philippines called atten
tion to the fact that Governor Taft and
the Secretary of War Had withheld an
Important report from the province of
Layabas. The Senator further charged
that they had done so for a purpose.
The report in question was that upon
which General Miles, in the correspond
ence laid by the President before the
House, charged that "warfare In the
Philippine Islands had been conducted
With marked severity."
General Miles continued In his letter:
"It is proper to say that I had in mind
such information as is conveyed in a let
ter of Governor William Taft. addressed
to the honorable Secretary, dated Wash
ington, February 7. 1902. as well as other
communications that have been referred
to headquarters or received by me."
In reply to this Secretary Root replied
to General Miles as follows: "Reference
in the memorandum to the letter of Gov
ernor Taft to the Secretary of War, dated
February 7. 1902, is to a letter transmit
ting, for the purpose of an investigation
by the military authorities, a report by
the civil Governor of the province of Lay
abas containing in general terms and
without specifications of names, serious
charges against the military administra
tion in that province and against the
army generally in Its relation to civil
government."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
esolution Is Adopted Calling for
Copies of Charges Against Army
in Philippines and Chaf
fee's Comment.
Culberson Accuses Governor
Taft of Withholding
a Report.
Much time was consumed by tlffe Sen
ate to-day in the discussion of ! the con
ference report on the bill to reduce war
revenue taxes. As passed by the Senate
the tax on transactions In so-called
bucket shops was retained. The con
ferees struck out that provision, it be
ins explained that the house would not
consent to its enaction. Berry of Ar
kansas, Bacon of Georgia and Pettus of
Alabama insisted that ibe Senate should
demand the retention of the tax. Aid
rich of lthode Island, Allison of Iowa
and Spooner of Wisconsin, while they,
were in favor of the tax, explained that
it couid not be retained without en-,
dangering the entire measure. The con
ference report finally was adopted, at!
to 20.
The conference report on the war rev
enue tax repeal bill was adopted by the
House and the bill sent to the White
House.
Payne, • the majority leader, called up
the conference report.
Richardson, the Democratic member
of the House conferees, explained . why
he declined to sign . the report. He said
the Democrats did not believe that all
the war revenue taxes should be re
pealed and taxes on the necessaries of
life remain. For instance, 4ie said, he
favored the Senate amendment which
would have allowed the tax on bucket
shops to remain, but which the confer
ence dlsasreed to. '
Payne in reply said he had opposed the
Senate amendment because he did not
believe in taxing the small gamblers and
allowing the big ones to go Scot free.
••Besides," raid he, "we promised the
people that we would ¦ remove every
vestige of the war taxes, and we want
to keep our promise."
The report, was adopted without di
vision. . •- v-V, . ' .
WASHINGTON, April 7.— The con
ferees on the vat" revenue repeal bill to
day reported an agreement, the Senate
receding from its amendment which <e
tains the tax on "bucket shops." It was
stated that taken in consideration with
repealed sections of the law, it was doubt
ful whether the Senate provision would
stand and also that it was quite likely
that the provisions would permit mem
bers of stock exchanges engaging in the
business which the amendment would
prevent among . so-called bucket n shop
dealers. - ¦
Senate Committee Takes
Up His Controversy
. With Root.
The Amendment Relating to
"Bucket Shops" Is Re
ceded From.
Senate and House Are
Agreed on the
Bill.
REPEAL OF WAR
REVENUE TAXES
DEMOCRATS
MAKE CASE
FOR MILES
Mayor L/C. Williams, Upon; Taking^iUp His Duties as .the City's
Executive, Promises to Purstie a Policy That Will Inure to
the Greatest Benefit of the Municipality and the Individual
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICIALS ASSUME
CONTROL OF MARYSVILLE'S AFFAIRS
3
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
WbreTberfs Smoke
There's fire, the saying runs, and so as a
general rule tbe saving holds true. The
Ere is unseen, hidden, but the ascending
taioke makes its presence undoubted.
Similarly you
• |». f^^jiN" 'Z^ can argue from
<r<j^^W^^^^ggg> s1jJ i n to corrupt
blood. You can't
jSS^Igwjgjgg^i- sec the blood, but
g^^^J^^^^ the pirnples, boils,
etc., v.-hich mar the
' _.*^iyy skin surely indicate impure
fg&t , I blood. For this reason the
£|n[-' l 1 medicine which cures thesjs
¦SS& surface blemishes must cure
-**¦ them through the blood.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery purifies the
blood, removes" the waste
V^ 1 and poisonous substances
\ ' which corrupt it, and thus
cures diseases which origi-
I nate in impure blood, such
I as boils, pimples, salt-
rheum, tetter, eczema,
sores, and other painful
and disfiguring diseases.
v Golden Medical Dis-
covery " also increases the
p-« — -it «lw activity of the blood-mak-
ring glands, , thus increasing
the supply of pure blood,
rich in the red corpuscles of health,
t "It gives ine isnch pleasure to testify to tbe
merits of Dr. Piercc's Golden Medical Discov-
«r," writes Miss Annie Wells, of Fergussons
\Vharf, Isle of Wigrht Co.. Va. "I can say honestiy
and candidly that it is the grandest medicine ever
compounded for purifying the blood. I suffered
terribly with rheumatism, and pimples on the
iBtin and swelling in my knees and feet so that
J could not walk. I spent about twenty dollars
jjaying doctors' bills but received no benefit. A
year or two ago I was reading one of vour Mem-
toraadum Books and I decided to try Dr. Pierce's
iGolden Medical Discovery and ' Favorite ' Pre-
scription.' and £.m entirely cured." .
Accept no substitute for ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery. There is nothing "just
ias good " for diseases of the stomach,
Iblood, and lun^s.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
the bowels. \ !,..'."»*»•.- ,. ;
y^
1 to -order clothes ]
at a good range of prices I
«H^ While we make 21 very good suit to order i
" f° r $10.00 we have suits at much higher prices
because some men want to pav more. They rewpf^lly^'^-ij^
mki/^^ iy^^^^^ know that they can get their mcney's worth in
I w^^^^^^^ x r^ ten-dol'ar suits, but prefer to spend more be- j^^j^^^^^^Sb
TI^SraFr f cause they know they get their money's worth IPv^^HK^fs!
§|wjvNi, v We have suits and overcoats at $12.^0, \ \,/yg&M
m^mm^^i $iS-ob, $17.^0, 520.00, $22.^0, $2^.00 and up-
IIB wards, and every garment represents full value -^<wSl III
iff B Through buying the cloth in big quantfties /Cfi'iliili
I I Hi I difeCt fr ° m thG miHS and makin § the clothes in / iMjM i|t!l
I I ffliii^ Samples of the cloth free for the asking. J|J| l»l ; | I j J
Mi I WaPlill Out-of-town orders for made-ic-order clothing filled— satisfactory I nM Slffll li Mr
j I jll||J|1 . fit assured 'through our self-measuring s/stem- write for samples. [ l'j i ||||! I J'.. : The double bill at the 'Alcazar Theater
this week drew, a packed house last night,'
and it is safe to predict that therecord in
! respect will'; be . kept up for the re
mainder of the week. The chief attrac-
Alcazar.
With our new tWrography machines Js
an .'artistic .pleasure ; that any ; one? can"
enjoy at "small's expense.'-'-- Colored .skins
and all kinds of wooden articles for. burn
ing, as well : as designs • to » work from,* ct
Sahborn, .Vail & Co., 741- Market street.' ¦*
Burning 1 Woodand Ireathef
. BERLIN, . April .7.— Official circles here
confirm -the report that the S*hah of Per
sia will '.visit ¦ Berlin In -May and pay his
respects ; to ; Emperor, William. The Shah
is , going . to Contrexeville,' France, for { his
health ' and ' Inquired "of . the ; authorities at
Berlin whether^hisivlslt would be accept
able to his Majesty, who answered affirm
atively. 'The ivisit .was designed :to. take
place , last ; summer, . but was ~ postponed
Gei-man Authorities Deny That Any
."Political Significance: Is At- ..
• v -l v ..-tached to thevTrip'.^: -
SHAH OP PERSIA WILL .
' -Visit in beblint in may
"The Fortune Teller," which opened
at the Tivoll last evening, ought to be
sure of a long on honest merit.
Comic opera as, it is, the werk.is put on
in a- style- befitting grand opera.' Rarely
has a better ensemblp been produced in
this city than was in evidence at ¦ the
conclusion of the first act : last night
Throughout the melody .was abundant,
while. -the fun was plentiful., The story
is so-well known that it* i« " unnecessary
to repeat any of it. Alice Nellsen made a
name In the opera. It ; is well known
that the ambition of the Tivolj manage
ment has been to outdo the record thus
early made and there 5s no hesitation
In. saying that perfect- success has
crowned conscientious work and abound
ing talent. .Four curtaln;calls in- one "act
illustrate the manner In which the audi
ence took to the presentation of tho
opening night.
Miss Anna Uchter, in the dual part
of Musette and Irma, naturally had the
star part. She sang it finely and acted
cleverly and with much sparkle, r Ferris
Hartman had a rather unsatisfactory
part in which to ehln«_ as Boris, but^ he
Tivoli.
(a) "Die Post— The Post/' (b) "Group From
Tartorus" (Schubert).- Max Heinrich; (a) '.'Why
So Pale Are. the Roses This Year?" (b> "Sleep
of .Sorrow." (c) ."Dawn of Spring" (Tschai
kowsky), Miss Julia- Heinrich; two duets — (a)
"So Wohr die Sonne Scheint,".(b) "Unterra
Fenster" (Schumann), Max Heinrich and 1 Julia
Heinrich; (a) "Star ¦ Viclno" (Salvator.Rosa)r
(b) ."NlnaV (Pergolesi). (c) * "Standchen." ;(d)
"Minnesong": (Brahms),. Max Heinrich; '•Rem
iniscences of Mountain and Fjord". (Griegy. (1)
prologue, | (2) Johanne,' (.I) i Ragnhilde, « (4) Rag
na. (5) epilogue, Miss Julia l Heinrich; "Droop
O'er » Head Thy Raven Hair,"; "Crown of
My tfeart," "All Soul's Day," • "Serenade'.'.
(Richhrd • Strauss)/ Max . " Heinrich: "Gebet.'!
• (prayty-), "Sommernachf" - ¦ (summer. : y '. night)'
¦ Hc-H Bchmettund unst die L«rche".("O! Hark!
4.hu. Lark"). (Hugo Bruckler), Miss Julia Hein-
The followingsplendid- programme will
be given to-morrow evening at Metropol
itan Hall by Mai andMis3 Julia Heinrich.
The Grieg cycle ( has not before been given
here in public, and . other : numbers ¦ are
among- the seldom- heard concert- pieces.
The prices will be popular, -and large
houses should be -attracted by -the excel
lent fare offered , by.-: these -.admirable
artists. The .programme will include: s:a-
Heinrich Song, Recital.
"The Land of the Living," Harvey's
sensational melodrama, scored a hit on
its initiar production at the Central Thea
ter.last evening. The house was crowded
and curtain-calls were the order /of the
evening. - "The Land of the Living" is
replete with startling climaxes an- excit
ing situations. The plot deals with the
bankruptcy of a mining firm t in London,
the robbery of diamond treasure in South
Africa by an absconding partner after
an attempted murder arul the rescue 1 of
the innocent In a: moat .thrilling manner
by the heroine. Meg. Annette- Marshall,
as Meg. the wife of Tredgold, the villain,
gave an interpretation of v the character
that captured the 'house, while Agnes
Ranken, as Kate Arkwright; Georgie
Cooper, as Nora; Margaret Marshall, as
Babbles, and Baby Dody, as Little Daisy
performed . their, respective parts ¦;' in Ihe
most convincing and satisfying: manner."
George Webster, :*as Arkwright, the hero,
sustained his excellent' reputation, and
Stanley. Ross, as the villain, came in for
the usual share of hisses. James Corri
gan was highly, amusing as the policeman,
and ¦ f J3dwiiiL-Emery...-.WHlard Blackmore
George. Nichplls and. the rest of the- cast
contributed wellto the general' success. ,
Central.
Another crowded house greeted the
"Sons of Ham" at its second appearance
at the California last night. Every fea
ture-on the programme was'- received
with the heartiest kind of applause and
several of the song3 were encored time
and time again. Williams and Walker
are just about as funny a pair of come
dians as one could wish to see. They
keep their hearers laughing from the
time they appear till after their last en
core. Tho rest'of the cast furnishes ex
cellent support for the leaders and con
tributes generously to the humor of the
performance. . The . programme includes
everything from club swinging and acro
batics to sentimental songs and military
drills. "Sons of Ham" creates as much
amusement as is advertised on the play
bills and will no doubt have the success
ful run that the opening nights portend.
California.
Patrick was taken to Sing Sing in a
train which: left here at 1:05 p.'-m.. His
wife,, who was Mrs. AddieM. Francis,
was a passenger, on the same train.
The \ Recorder denied the motion. for a
new trial. >; House took an exception and
moved for an arrest of judgment. This
was denied and sentence was then pro
nounced. ; ¦ , A , .... i.-,
, To the customary . question aa to
whether the defendant; had anything to
say" why judgment should not be ; pro
nounced," Attorney House, Patrick's chief
counsel, said he desired to make , a ; mo
tion for. a "new trial because the verdict
was contrary to law; because it was clear
ly against the evidence; because it was
against the weight of evidence; because
the court errei in denying the defendant's
.motion to advise the jury to acquit; be
cause the court admitted illegal a,nd. Im
proper evidence,- against • the defendant's
objection; because the court excluded
legal • evidence - off ered by the defendant;
because tho court misdirected the -jury In
matters of law; because the court refused
to' direct the prosecution to elect .upon
which count of the indictment it would
submit the question of the .guilt or;inno
cence of *the defendant, . and* because it
did- not appear, from the record of iile
verdict of what crime the defendant had
been found guilty. . - ¦¦-. -¦¦-.-
NEW YORK, April 7.— Albert T; Pat
rick, who was convicted March 26 of the
murder of William Marsh Rice, was sen
tenced to-day by Recorder Goff to be put
to death in the electric chair at Sing Sing
Mayo. -Rice died In this city September
23/ ,1900. An appeal i to be made to the
Court of Appeals by Patrick's counsel will
act as a stay of execution pending a de«
cislon by the higher, court. The Recorder
in pronouncing sentence made 'no' com
ment on the jury's verdict! .
The Orpheum's bill Is intensely fasci
nating thia week and not for a long while
has anything more enjoyable been seen in
this popular house than the one-act com
edy "The Yellow DFagon," . in which the
very popular Mr.- and Mrs; Sidney Drew
appear. It goes without saying that these
artists give a finished and in every sense
a complete and admirable performance"/
and have, further, presented their play
with scenic setting of surprising excel
lence. The scene is laid in; China at the
time when the white race was not consid
ered in a friendly light in the Flowery
Land, and there are opportunities "for
mirthful comedy which -the brilliant
brother of the famous John (Drew never
fails to take full advantage of. 'The fas
cinating.', and emotional artiste Marie
Wainwright in a powerful one-act play
"The Lady and the Clock," has never
been seen to greater advantage. Miss
Wainwrisht is the charming heroine of
the play. Her acting is powerfully .con
vincing and in the exciting scenes and
situations she rises to a dramatic height
which fairly enthrals the audience. Homer
Lind, Gorman and Keppler, Fred Stuber.
James H. Cullen, the dazzling Papinta
and the Clipper Quartet make up a pow
erful combination of amusing talent.
Orpheum.
Convicted Attorney to
Be Ele ctr ocuted at
Sing Sing.
PATRICK HEARS
DEATH SENTENCE
There is little hope of .the doctors who
make a specialty qf . * curing- dyspepsia
malting fortunes so long as Weber and
Field'3 "Fiddle ¦ Dee • Dee" continues at
Fischer's. - There is enough merriment
crowded into • the little O'Farrell-street
theater this' week to' cure most any dis
ease and enough left over. to. put* heart
into a three-time loser. "Fiddle Dee Dee",
cannot be described, as anything but a
funmaker. It is uproarious fun, to be
sure, but: it suited the big audience at
Fischer's last night. C. William Kolb and
Max M. Dill are the life of the show, and
the laughs they start by', their funny say-
Ings and horseplay are kept going by
Barney Eerrard in the character of a Yid
dish Jew. . 'Maud' Amber.: portrays r the
widow well. She has a splendid voice and
appearance, and several times during .the
performance -.had. to answer.-, to encores.
¦-Winfleld- Blake as a rich young American
"doing" Paris "does" it in good style, and
appears .several -times to advantage in
duets with Miss Amber!" Lillian Coleman
is a very; clever. dancer, and singer. The
travesty 6*n the Floradora sextet, in
which Kolb, Dill and Bernard and the
Misses Starratt,- Morton and Turner-ap
pear, is one/ of the funniest tuf ns ever
shown on a San Francisco stage. They
were recalled several times. Considerable
credit must be given Fischer for the man
ner in which the piece Is staged and for
the clever scenic effects. The choruses
are so good> that- It stems a pity, to con
fine them to such a small. stage. Every
member of the troupe Is appropriately
and well costumed. Fischer's Theater is
bound to become a popular playhouse if
the management . continues to furnish
such attractions as "Fiddle Dee Dee."
Fischer's.
was funny as usual and" had a new
topical song that the audience wanted
more of when he had sung half "a score
or more of verses of it. Miss Annie
Myers as Mile. Pompon was clever and
vocally satisfactory.
Among the men, the vocal honors went
easily to Harold Gordon and Arthur
Cunningham. Edward Webb was very
amusing as Fresco and Cashman did all
he could with the part of the' Count. In
the cast also were Frances Graham,
Aimoe Leicester and Karl Formes Jr. A
decided hit was made by the .ballet; in
the lirst act, .which had .to be repeated
several times. Never was the orchestra
and chorus bandied better. At the* end
of -the second act a. too enthusiastic
drummer drowned the voices' of the'sing
ers to some extent. The ¦- opera was
staged in great style, , with a large
chorus, lots of pretty costumes and all
the accessories on a lavish scale. The
purpose of the management to make as
big a hit as possible, was rewarded with
a most general spontaneous and prompt
acknowledgment. Had not there been so
m . any , <;? celle nt performances at the
iivoli this alone would have been suffi
cient to establish for it a very enviabte
feP^lon The opera will. 7 be sung
Srnl. ?£ rther notic e every evening ana
with, the customary matinees. ,•
The next, the third, is Mr. Willard's
great opportunity, where Strozzi, the
murderer, high in favor in Rome after a
triumphant return from war, comes to
FOR the peculiar and distlnguishiiig
grace of E. S. Willard, Louis N.
Parker's • new - play, "The Car
dinal," presented for the first
time la*t night at the Columbia
Theater, offers grateful opportunity.
There is no more graceful actor on the
contemporary stage than Mr. '.Willard, ]
none to whom conies more easily the
portrayal of the "grand manner," the air
of courts, and in Mr. Parker'B Cardinal
Medici, son of Lorenzo the Magnificent,
the actor has a role that fits him Hke a,
glove. The character is very pleasantly
sketched fn the first act. One of the lit
erati of the splendid Medicean period, sl
lover of art and high prince of the
church, Giovanni Medici appears first in
his Roman palace *as the connoisseur, tilt-
Ing good-naturedly with another .devotee
of the beautifuL,and as the kind son and
good brother of the younger Medici. In
the next act, compelled' to hear a confes
sion of murder by . an outlawed Floren
tine, a tool of Pope Julius, he is all the
priest, dignified and reverend. Later, his
brother accused of the murder of which
the Cardinal's confespional knowledge has
made him cognizant, he is th« magnificent
Medici, full of the pride of place, minded
¦vrith grief at the sorrow that has befallen
his house.
recount his victories to the Cardinal. He
has not heard of the . younger ¦ Medici's
arre&t for his crime, which happens to
be the murder of the father of the girl
with whom both Strozzi and the younger
Medici are in love. Strozzi boasts
of the good luck the Cardinal's
absolution has brought to him, then
the Cardinal tells him of Giuliano
Medici's arrest. Strozzi, a kind of Italian
highbinder, is sorry for the affair, and,
in response to the Cardinal's representa
tion that a confession now, in the height
of his favor in Rome, will only add to
Strozzi's fame, the murderer promises to
confess. He is on the point of leaving
when Giuliano's betrothed enters the
room, and then— it is a question that if
the girl will marry him he will save her
lover. In a splendid speech the Cardinal
forbids the girl's offered sacrifice, and
in the next act feigns madness and .wrings
a confession. from the murderer. It will
be seen that the play is novel, and the
plot, though with a somewhat- machine
made manner, is yet well enough con
structed. ' It is not always convincing-,
and frequently "talky," but is well worth
seeing. . . >
With a very little more warmth . and
abandon Mr. Willard could make a much
more impressive figure of the Cardinal.
The portrait Is somewhat wanting in red
blood, in bones under the flesh, the very
finish of Mr. Willard's manner perceptibly
detracting in the high lights from its
strength. But it is very little, and
what is given is so much, an elegance of
diction, case and grace of gesture and
wide and, sweet intelligence of conception
that are most grateful, together with a
personality than which none on the stage
is more engaging.
, Mr. Willard is reasonably well support
ed. Miss Ellen O^lalley showing consid
erable temperament and good technique,
and Miss Marie Linden, as the Medici's
mother, being a pleasing figure. Mr. Can
fleld'srBtrozzi la crude, and the men, gen
erally, are not much. The play Is beauti
fully staged and costumed very hand
somely A large house greeted the play
and players.
THREE WELL-KNOWX MEMBERS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION WHO ARE CONTRIBUTING
LARGELY TO THE ENJOYMENT OF SAN FRANCISCO PLAYGOERS, IN VAUDEVILLE AND COMIC
OPERA AT THE ORPgEUM, CALIFORNIA AND TIVOLI. '
. "Glsmpnda". is.one of Sardou's. produc
tions, which next to 'his /'Cleopatra'- af
fords many opportunities for pretty pict
ures -in the ."w#y- of- stage settings and
"groupings .of men andrwoxnen in: artistic
pose, clad'in. the graceful; garments of the
ante-modern Greeks. Besides the pictur-"
esque, the dfami affords full scope for
>. the leading actors in expressing the most
interesting passions^of the human heart—
i love and ambition.- Neither of these op-
I" portunities is slighted in the hands of the
management of the . Grand ..Opera-house
! and in the hands of Melbourne MacDowell/
Stone and • the . capable stock
company.'. -.The atmosphere of /Athens,
rivaled in all the' world only by that of
the California foothills, permeates the
play and transports the spectator to the
land of 'magnificent ruins of an artistic
age that has ¦ never ' been " equaled since.
A like meed of praise must be bestowed
upon the presentation of the leading roles
. in the drama. Miss Stone is • up to her
reputation- in Gismonda, and emphasizes
: with- true art the telling ; points, that only
such as Sardou can furnish. In the
strong passages— her indignant denuncia
tion of the suggestion that Almerio should
be got rid '• of . by stealthy assassination,
and her oath at the cross, when her little
son is in. danger of being torn to pieces
by the tiger — she shows the mettle of the
true actress. Melbourne . MacDowell,
manly, handsome and the finished artist
' that! he is, fills the role of Almerio with
his wonted fire and. finish. The audience
last night was overflowing in numbers
andenthusiasm..; ¦•¦¦"!,; ? ¦ ..
Grand Opera-House.
Some six years ago Right. Rev.; Bishop
Montgomery offered' a : trophy, •similar 1 in
'.character, 1 ' to be 4 won '.by , the ' same ' com
pariy;. i three' .jtim,es ,. in Vsuccessionli It
.passed, from company to until
Company D had fulfilled the j rdrmire
ments. Just a few months before the an
nual'.renewal.:of pledges this event oc
curred. Bishop Montgomery came ' up
from Los Angeles to . assist : Archbishop
Riordan in pinning it upon the breast of
the captain of the victorious company.
, A; few months •'later Colonel^ E. J.
Power,, once captain of the victorious)
company, succeeded the late Colonel W. I
P. Sullivan as colonel of the regiment.
At the first public display of the regi
ment he was called by Archbishop Rior
dan to the steps of the cathedral and
there congratulated by. his Grace upon
the showing made. The exertions of com
mand, added 'to a' cold from which he
then suffered, soon laid him low, and he
•finally answered the "last call."
The staff and line officers determined
to . perpetuate his | name in the regiment,
;j.nd therefore determined to donate this
trophy, to be annually competed for, un
der, the same conditions as obtainej in
> the original competition . for the Bishop *
held at the Mcchanics'~Pavilion on April
IS. Four companies have been selected to
enter the contest, r . '- - ¦ " .
be awarded to the company* dis
playing the", greatest proficiency in drill
limong the -companies comprising "the
first Regiment of the League of the
Cross Cadets at the annual drill, to be
jl ¦¦¦'¦'N EMBLEM as handsome as any
> /\ ever offered to a military orsanl
: ifej\ zation in this city is the ."Colonel
A S\. E. J. Power Trophy," which will
tionwas-the Japanese; tragedy "Madame
Butterfly," : aMra"matteation by David Be
lasco ofcsJohn. Luther Long's story. When
it was presented s last j year, i with Juliet'
Crosby in the title role, it achieved a
wonderful success, not only from the deli
cate charm arid powerful concentration of
the plot, but from the artistic and fault
less portrayal of, the part by this talented
lady. Last night neither the play nor the
actress had lost any credit in its repro-;.
•duction, but rather both had gained con
siderably, as shown by the enthusiastic
applause. The other characters are well
sustained, tragedy. was preceded by
• the comedy. "The Great'- Unknown," and
for three> acts the fun iskept up without
a break. Frank Bacon made his reap
pearance and was warmly greeted. . M. L.
Alsop as an Irish gentleman with a, beau
tiful brogue, Henry Shumer, Marion Con
vere, Margaret. Wycherley, Oza Waldrop,^
Lillian Elliott, Baggo Conklin and others
were in the cast. Marion Convere and,
Oza "Waldrop literally brought down the
house giving an imitation of two "tough
girls." ; ', r >- . ¦
BISBEE, Ariz.,-Aprir7.— The first elec
tion of the city of Bisbee wa"s held to
day. J. Muerheim, Republican; was
elected -Mayor. The Republicans have a
majority inthe City Council.' ".
Bisbee Republican's Win.
Within:a-fewmomcnts:after she struck
the water Miss Walsh -was rescued. Her
condition ''-was 'such- thatWshe had to be
carried -,tp her hotels' So far as is known
no "bones were broken. " ' '.' '-•.'"
In falling Miss Walsh's hip struck
against - a long plank that-^apnnected two
pile3. She bounded off -the plank,, and. in
some way her shoulder '; received ¦ a hard
blow.' . ¦¦'¦.¦- ¦.¦¦-:"*¦ '¦''¦/hi. ¦'•'-.: : TV' ; - V ¦'
. The stage", entrance^ of p the , theater -in
Whatcom is. over the tide Hats, and .there
is 'no railing,.- according to" .'the -'reports
which have reached' Seattle ,to-night from
that place.; Some scenery' had been placed
'in such aKmanner \thatit4ooked to\be-a
part of th& walk from the theater door to
the main part of the wharf. ;j It was -very
dark, * and Miss Walsh stepned with her
whole weight upon the scenery instead 6f
the planking. She went down a distance
of . twelve teet. The water | was .oniy
twelve inchesdeep,: and' she struck bot
tom with a thud- th*t; jarred her. from
head to- foot. : .'•'"¦ ¦ ¦•• ¦'¦'.:'.. * : v i
.SEATTLE, April 7.— While coming' out
of the theater in- Whatcom last night Miss
Blanche Walsh, the ' noted ' actress," fell
into the bay, sutaining'injuriesi.which will
prevent her appearing in . "Janice" Mere-*
dith". for several days. .The company was
to have played to-night in - Evefettr but
Miss Walsh was forced to^give.'.up. the en
gagement and returned : to ';" Seattle : ; this
evening. Her understudy- -'took i her ' part
to-night. Although Miss : Walsh's in juries
are believed not to'be'serio'us,' she is very :
lame— so much so, In" fact, that sne could
hardly move this _ morning.', when' s'he got
ready to leave for ; Everett.;! This condi
tion caused her, to come, direct to -Seattle
for treatment. . ¦ ' ;\. / "*'v>' A ¦ .'':¦
Special Dispatch tot Tfie Call.
Step3 Off Walk Leading From
Theater Located Over
Tide >¦¦ Flats. <^ ; -;
Blanche Walsh
Serious Injury at
: Whatcom. ¦..-.,
ACTRESS FAILS
INTO THE BAY
MAGNIFICENT TROPHY
FOR WINNING COMPANY
Staff and Line Officers ;of the League ;6f the
Cross Cadets Offer Handsome Emblem
for Annual Competitive "Drill at Pavilion
- •' ' : • ¦'" -• -. ¦ — — " ¦-.¦... " ¦ ¦ ' :.;•; - • • ¦ -
"THe : Cardinal" at -Golur^^
; - Continues a-;ffr^ Produces
fM^^^^Mvf\y' } |hdlE|i)ii? Puts on l 'The Fortune Teller' 7
FINISHER AND ARTISTIC ACTING
OF WILLARD CHARMS AUDIENCE
KILLS H5ELF
WITH REVOLVER
Suicide of the Western
4 Baseball League
: President.
Overwork and Worry Over
Financial Affairs Prompt
"the Deed. '.
KANSAS CITT, April 7.— James "Whit
field, president of the "Western Baseball
League and for many years sporting ed
itor of the Kansas City Star, committed
suicide at his home here early to-day. He
arose and dressed himself and then, with
out making any remark, stepped to the
next room and fired a bullet into his right
temple. He was dead, when members of
his family reached him.
Whitfleld's suicide i3 laid to overwork
and worry over financial affairs. He had
lost heavily on several enterprises in
which he was Interested. "Whitfield was
born In England forty-seven years ago.
He had lived in St. Louis, Peorta and Pe
king 111., and was married in Peking. He
came to Kansas City in I8S4, and with the
exception of one year, when he was pro
prietor of the Referee, a- small weekly, he
had been with the Star. He was actively
engaged in baseball as early as the 80 s.
He was one of the organizers of' the orig
inal Western League and was 1.3 first
president. In 18S6 his presence at the Na
tional League meetings In New York and
Chicago and his pleas for Kansas City on
those occasions won for Kansas City its
first and only franchise in the big league.
Whitfleld was made secretary of the club.
The tornado In May of that year spoiled
the team's chances of making money oy
destroying the grand stand and flooding
the diamond. In 1888 Whittteld again act
ed as the association's representative,
and he was again successful in securing a
franchise for Kansas Ctty. That was hi3
last active appearance in baseball mat
ters until he was elected president of the
"Western League at St. Joseph last win-
Since he decided to head the league that
Is fighting the American Association
Whitfleld has Wiled night and day. Re
cently the tax upon him began to tell,
and for the last two week3 he has been
under a physician's care. On March 28 he
returned from his last trip in behalf of
the league from Peorla and was -com
pelled to take to his bed.
Last week at the great American handi
cap shoot- Whitfield by sheer force of will
attended the six days' contest. Saturday
last found him on the verge of nervous
prostration, and on Sunday he was out of
his head part of the time. [ Nothing se
rious was thought. of hi3 case, however.
It is not known here what effect,' if any,
Whitfleld's death will have upon the
Western League. Manning and Nichols,
owners of the Kansas City club, are out
of the city, Manning being in the East
and Nichols in St. Louis. -
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April. 7.— Owner W.
T. Van Brunt of the "Western League
baseball team here to-day said that there
had been no trouble bet-ween members of
the league and President "Whltfleld. At
the last league meeting, when the schedule
was made up, "Whitfield was not- expected
to be present, as he was very bnsy. Van
Brunt said Vice President Thomas Burns
of. Colorado Springs will succeed to the
presidency of the league for the- present,
and later the place will be offered to M.
H. Saxton, president of the three leagues.
Calif ornians Are Named for Office.
"WASHINGTON, April 7.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Frank R. Roberts. Collector of Internal
Revenue, Sixth •. District jofc. Missouri;
Charles Herdliska, District of Columbia.
Consul at Callao, Peru: John D. Maxey.
Registrar of the Land Officeitt StoeKton.
Cat; Stafford W. Austin.-Registrar of the
Land Office at Independence, Cat : Franlc
E. Densmore, Receiver of Public Moneys,
Independence. Cal.; "W. H. Cofield, Re
ceiver of Public Moneys. Alva, Okla
homa. :-C: f,- -XZX ¦ . • t -. , v r--
COLONEL. E. J. POWER MEDAL.
TO BE COMPETED FOR BY
CADETS.
Ten Men Killed in a Mine.
MADRID, April 7«— Ten m.en have been
killed by the collapse of a portion of the
Union mines, near Carthagena.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Montgomery trophy.
The new medal is a gem of the Jewelers'
art. Under .the wings of a spreading
eagle, hang the crossed sabers of the
cadets, pendent from which is a shield,
supported on either side with* -an Ameri
can-flag.: and the flag of the League of
the Cross Cadets in appropriate colors.
A cross in burnished gold, surrounded by
diamonds, overlies the monogram of the
organization on the. shield beneath an
appropriate inscription.
The medal will be on exhibition at the
store of its designer, Adolph Huguenin,
824 Market street, from to-morrow until
the night of the competition.
Mrs. Mary Edwards Beale.
WASHINGTON. April .7.— Mrs. Mary
Edwards Beale, widow of General E. P.
Beale and mother-in-law of John R. Mc-
Lean of Ohio, is dead here, aged 75 year3.
Mrs. Beale was once a social leader of ,
this city and her home was the center of „
many notable gatherings of prominent
people. ' - .
Bobert S E. Willot.
SUISUN. April 7.— Robert E. "Willot. «-
Cccnty Clerk of Solano County, has died at
Paso Robles. He will be buried at Dtxon to
morrow. - He was an efficient official and an
able newspaper man.
James H. Kelly.
•SAN JOSE,\ April 7.— James H. Kelly,
one of the '.pioneer fruit growers of the
valley, died to-day, aged 74 years. He was
a native of New Hampshire.
owing 1 to the mourning for the late Dow
ager Empress Frederick. ; .
The Shah probably will come to Berlin
by way of St. Petersburg. . So far as Ger
many is concerned the visit is devoid- Of
political significance. The - officials here
repudiate the assertions in the British
press that Germany, is "endeavoring -to
establish her influence • in Persia between
the British and Russian rivalries in' that
country. .--... ¦¦ : ."
Severe Earthquake at Panama.
PANAMA, Colombia, April 7.— A severe
earthquake shock was felt here yesterday.
LOS ANGELES. April 7. -^Ground was
broken to-day for the addition to the Santa
Fe's new shops at San Bernardino.
SAN MATEO, April 7.— Dr. I*. D. Morse.
a pioneer resident of this county and for
mer county ¦ physician, died in this city
this afternoon, aged 80 years.
Dr. L. D. Morse.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL S, 1902.
4
CT^Ti *Visr oomnBsib-r oo-b«,
SB&t&CUitoTBfeSt^SanFrmadaMJCmliE '
. **CieicptkoiMlUttt«n.' -
Fructifies and Purifies
its
Superb Qualities.
The Thofoflgh Igein
J 1
nnfi i - 1 ntcn^ t0 ee P telling you about our $i^o hats^^\
untu we, get you to try one. When you buy one we know Y
wnatyour verdict will be. You will wear.no other hat for X
Dusiness wear. It will outwear any $2.00 hat you ever had X
10 torcibly impress you with its value we say: If the hat does
anliZZ to T y . our entire satisfaction, bring it back and «t another *
¦ Crf^t^ aT- C sl SP« A "e Derbys, Fedoras, 'Graccos, Dunlap I
colors Black, cedar, pearl, blue pearl, oxford and steel
We. sell men 3 and boys* golf caps for 10c apiece.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street |
" *>
mj&^sS .SALT . LAKE, .Utah, April 7.— ciyde
Felt, the 15-year-old boy who confessed
to the police that he cut the throat of
Samuel Collins, the aged: watchman of
the Wasatka Mineral • Springs,; was to
day; charged with murder in the second
degree. . . The ; formal complaint was filed
against the boy by. County Attorney
Christensen. No date for preliminary
bearing has yet been set. ¦"'- .
Charged With Murder.
1 SPOKANE, April 7.— East-bound passen
ger.traln^No.- 2 on the Great- Northern
Railroad* was wrecked at Winchester" this
morning, by a collision with a freight car
that had. been blown upon the track.. The
engine and seven -cars were ' derailed.' Tho
fireman, name ; unknown, is believed to
have • received Internal injuries; but the
engineer is. reported to have escaped with
a few scratches. The advices recelvd . at
the -railroad superintendent's office indi
cate that no one ' else was seriously in-'
Jured;" It;> is? expected the track will be
cleared rto-night. .. There .- Is > no telegraph
station at Winchester • .
Wreck on Great Northern.
9 BAKERSFIELD, April a 7.— The .rain
storm' which broke over this city v yester
day gi afternoon continued | through the
night, the - precipitation being . .31 of an
inch, making a total for the season of 4.81
Inches, .as compared - with ' 4.22 inches • for
the same period last. season. : . . .
fVISALIA, April, 7:— The hardest rain of
the season occurred in Tulare County lasl
night: and to-day. -The total rainfall of
the- past twenty-four hours was 1.57
Inches. ¦ . .
-SANTA. BARBARA, April. 7.— The rain
fall ; of last . night and < r ' this -morning
amounted to more ' than, an inch, making
the total for the season close to 15 inches.
Abundant crops are assured. •¦ ¦
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— L!ght I show
ers | fell j here last night, the precipitation
amounting to .06 of an inch. ! The fall for
the season' to date is 10.38 inches. .
Down-Coast Points ; Get Bain.
1 The male department has been carefully
arranged to suit ;, the comfort and> con
venience both of owner and patron. The
sitting-room- will comfortably- seat 'from
four to five hundred men. . The business
of this firm was established : in 1876 by
C. ; R. ; Hansen, who has been ! continuous
ly associated.. with it ever ; since. Branch
offices are . maintained in Los Angeles
Portland and; Ogden. : Moderate charges'
and -honest treatment have always char
acterized Mr. Hansen's relations with the
public in the past;" facts > which no doubt
in- a large measure have contributed \ to
the r- present ', necessity of ! enlarging his
quarters; ¦".':'¦ . ° '¦¦..¦
The employment agents, C. R. : Hansen
& Co. , have removed j from ;helr | former
quarters, 104 arid 106 Geary street," to their
new and commodious office, -429 'Bush
6treet, ¦ opposite ; the ;, California Hotel.
Their -new -offices are models of conven
ience and comfort. Entering ; on Bush
street, the woman's department 13 . the
first : noticeable feature of the establish
ment, in- which <¦ is <¦ found- every facility
for quickly and conveniently . transacting
business. Electric ; lights are placed at
.every favorable point, and a special and
private • waiting-room for j ladies .is close
at hand. Throughout the department the
finishing of the. rooms Is tasteful and ef
fective. At the rear of .this department is
found the private office of Mr. C. R. Han
sen, thoroughly equipped with every mod
ern, office device. • Passing down a: half
flignt of stairs from the private office the
office • of . the . male department is reached
fronting the counter of which are .rows
of men eagerly discussing the possibilities
of immediate employment. 1 The main en
trance of this department isat 12 Berry
street, Just off of. Grant avenue and about
equal, distance from Mary, lane, that runs
off Bush' street; "It will be observed that
the - entrance ,: to ; the - male j department
while most convenient of approach is*
entirely separate r from the ; female M de
partment, and yet as easily accessible to
the proprietor as the latter.' 1 _.; . '
Commensurate ."With a Rapidly In
' * . creasing' Business. • • ,
NEW QUARTERS.
TOPEKA. Kans., April 7.— All the em
ployes in the Santa Fe general offices
were to-day ordered by General Manager
Mudge to stop -work • until further orders.
The office building is stated to be In Im
minent danger of collapse and the'- de
partments , will remain - closed . until the
defects can be remedied. '¦*--
In Danger, of Collapse.
Consecrated as Bishop.
ST. ALBERT, N. W. T., April 7.—Im
posing ceremonies to-day accompanied
the consecration of Mgr. Breynat . as
Bishop of Adramlte, Vicar. Apostolic v of
Mackenzie. The consecration ceremony
was performed by Bishop Grouard, Vicar
Apostolic - of Athabasca, V assisted by
Bishops Club and PassacaL Nine other
Roman Catholic churchmen of the • ec
clesiastical province of St. Boniface took
part In the ceremonies.
REDDING, April 7.— County Clerk
Blodgett was surprised to-day when Carl
Pearson,* a young man of Upper Still
water, appeared before him with the
hide of a mother .coyote and- a litter of
eight young ones, alive, but not yet old
enough to have their eyes open; He
sought the bounty of *2 50 apiece that the
county pays on coyote hides. The young
man killed the mother coyote near his
home and brought in the whining pups
without destroying them. The Clerk was
forced, to have him kill and skin the ani-'
mals before warrants could be Issued for
their hides.
Brings in Live Coyotes.
, The ordinance provides for a yearly li
cense of $1200 to be paid by all persons
carrying on • the : business , of poolselling
in -San Mateo County. The general opin
ion here is that the vote on the ordinance
will ' not be changed . at the . next meeting
of the board. • ¦ . ;
• The ordinance was introduced . by
Supervisor- -Eikerencotter and was sec
onded by Supervisor Debenedetti. Chair
man McEvoy was strongly opposed to it
and a spirited debate foljowed Its Intro
duction. • Supervisors Coleman and Me-
Cormick did. not take part in the debate.
-The ordinance was finally passed by
the votes of ' Supervisors Eikcrencotter.
Debenedetti - and McCormlck, while Mc-
Evoy and Coleman voted in the negative
•After thu vote , was announced Chair
man McEvoy changed his vote from the
negative to the j affirmative- and gave
notice of a motion to reconsider the vote
at the next meeting of the board. Eiker
encotter made a motion, seconded by
Debenedetti, ¦ that the ' reconsideration
take place at once, but McEvoy refused
to recognize their motion and closed the
session. . Eikerencotter, McCormlck and
Debenedetti now assert that Inasmuch as
McEvoy \ changed his mind after the .vote
had been announced,- his notice of a-re
consideration was Illegal and will not
stand. . '- '
REDWOOD CITY, April 7.-An ordi
nance to license In San Mateo County
the selling of pools and .bookmaking on
horseraces or contests of "skill or power
of endurance was passed this afternoon
by the Board. of Supervisors at its regu
lar monthly . meeting. .
Board After a Bitter
Debate:
License Ordinance Is Passed by iha
SAN MATEO SUPERVISORS |
LEGALIZE POOLSELLING
BISBEE. Ariz., April 7.— Sheriff Parka
and deputies brought in seven cattle
thieves on Eagle Creek, near Morencl.
to-day, after a hard fight. One of th«
thieves was killed. The -men are' now
under arrest and closely guarded. The
outlaws had killed a number of cattle
from time to time and were in possession
of six freshly slaughtered beeves. There
were several noted officers in the posse,
among them Gus Hobbs ¦ of Clifton and
Deputy Parks of Morenci.
tire Gang of Rustlers on Eagle
v..H ; ' Creek. ,"V;.Ji:
Arizona Man-Hunters Bring in En-
KTLZi . A CATTLE THIEF;
CAPTURE SIX OTHERS.
PASADENA, April.7.— H. W. Hines. vice
president of the*Pasadena National Bank,
dropped dead in his bathroom of heart
disease last night. He had . been ill two
months, but was out riding in the after
noon.
Banker Hines' Sudden Death.
The following officers were elected by
the Presbyterian Ministerial Union yes
terday morning: President,. Rev. E. H.
Avery, D. D.; vice president, Rev. John
8.- Thomas; secretary and treasurer, Rev.
James Woodworth. Rev. W. A. Campbell
of British Columbia, Rev. John Ander
son of Canada,' Rev. J. H. Medlll of Beni
cia and Rev.' James Hunter, who recently
returned from the Philippines,' attended
the. meeting. Rev. Mr. Thomas read an in
teresting paper on. Professor Drummond's
"Ascent of -Man."
'Elect New Officers.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— The Presi
dent has directed that more than sev
enty townships In Montana be wittf^
drawn from public entry for use in the
big irrigation scheme known as the St
Mary's canal and Milk River, project.
For Big Irrigation Scheme.
VAL.LEJO, April ".—The funeral of the
late Lieutenant Daniel P. Menefee,
United States navy, took place to-day
from the Mare Island ehapeL The de
ceased was accorded funeral honors for
a lieutenant commander. Eight men from
the Independence acted as bodybearers
and the following- were pallbearers: Lieu-'
tenant Commander Griffin, Lieutenant
Commander Stafford, Dr. Stokes, Dr.
Farenholt. Naval Constructor Roberts and
Civil Engineer Stanford. Lieutenant Com
mander Hetheriiurton commanded the
military escort. The services were con
ducted by Chaplain A- A. McAllister and
the Interment took place in the naval
cemetery* on Mare Island.
Lieutenant Menefee's Funeral.
Two boys, Charles Harper of 1469 O'Far
rell street and Walter Zelss of 1317 La
guna street, found the body of an un
known man floating in bay about 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon, ' at a point
near Johnson & Brown's ranch, on the
San. Bruno, road. They had passed there
about half an hour earlier and saw a man
hanging his coat and hat on a bushon
the bay shore and recognized/ the_ corpse
to be that of the man they had noticed
preparing for suicide. ,The suicide was
about 55 years old and had the appear
ance of a laborer. The body was taken
to the -Morgue, where it is being, held for
identification.
Prepare for the Final
Plung-e.
Two Boys, See* an Intending Suicide
EODY OF UNKNOWN MAN
FOUND FLOATING IN BAY
King seems to have a special penchant
for fires, as he has upon slight provoca
tion threatened several times to set fire
to the places of business men against
whom he had a grudge. On account of
his mental condition, he probably will
be sent to an asylum.
This morning at about 3 o'clock, while
a bigh wind was blowing, the flre bell
began ringing and the residents* aroused
from their slumbers, found that a barn
In the neighborhood of King's dwelling
was ablaze. The volunteer fire depart
ment arrived in time to prevent the flames
spreading to the neighboring houses.
"Crazy Joe," as he is called, was at the
scene of the blaze, half intoxicated, and.
upon being questioned, admitted that he
nad 'started the flre "just to have a little
excitement." It is now known that he
was the originator of the fire last Thurs
day evening, when one of the old houses
belonging to the Laughlan estate was
burned, and that he started several small
blazes which have occurred recently.
' BENICIA,' April 71— Several small fires
have occurred here lately, ' most of them
being the burning of * old • and vacated
buildings, and ( it was believed they were
started by tramps. It is now known th»
fires were caused by a half-witted man
named Joseph King, who does odd jobs
about town. . m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The new society will hold a regulai"
meeting on the' first Monday of each
month, when papers on the science of
nursing and also on timely topics will be
read. Miss Mary Patton, the head nurse
at the City and County Hospital, acted
as chief organizer of the new society.
Miss Amy had the honor of being
elected the first president, while Miss
Jennie Nickson Is vice president, Miss
Belle Espeset is treasurer and Mlas
Mary F. Strand is secretary. At some
-future date when the association be
comes stronger both in membership and
"in finance, the nurses intend to construct
a home; that Is unless some charitably
disposed person presents them with one
in the meantime. ,
'ihe new society was launched under
the most favorable conditions,- and a
large percentage of the graduate nurses
have either affixed their signatures to
the me-mbership role or else have signi
fied their intention of -becoming mem
bers. The local association . will soon
make application to be admitted to mem
bership in the National- Alumnae Asso
ciation. . • i . . ,
; A number of the nurses < who have
graduated from the City and County
Hospital Training School for Nurses met
yesterday at their Alma . Mater and or
ganized an " Alumnae Association. The
young ladies, whose vocation it Is to
minister to the sick, have had the form
ation of this society under consideration
for some time past. . It-wasrformed both
for business- and social -reasons. The
nurses intend that it shall furnish them
protection against nurses who have noc
taken the trouble to . complete ' the full
course of instruction in the training
school, but who are, nevertheless, pass-
Ing themselves off as. full-fledged Night
ingales.
Author. of Numerous Be
; n'cia Fires Admits
Guilt.
Graduates ; From City
and County Hospital
Organize. •
Besides the Mona and the Glenora, the
steamer Rock Island, owned by the
Alaska Commercial Company, and two
river barges were destroyed in the flre,
which occurred last month. Genelle, Just
before the receipt of the news of the flre,
went from here to San Francisco, but
must have returned to Canada by the
overland route.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 7.— Joseph Ge
nelle, a well-known steamboat operator of
this city, was arrested at Rossland on
Saturday night on information received
from the Inspector of the Mounted Police
at Dawson, charging : Genelle with con
spiring to defraud insurance companies
by procuring the destruction of the river
steamers Mona and Glenora. George Mc-
Millan, watchman on the steamers, was
arrested on a. charge of- arson and con
fessed that he had an accomplice. It is
said mat letters^were -found by.th© police
in which Genelle offered to pay McMillan
if he set fire to the steamers.
Ihrwson Fire.
With Having Caused Recent
Victoria Steamship Operator Charged
ACCUSED OF PAYING FOR
BURNING HIS OWN BOATS
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort » The com
fortable trains of, the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars; In which are 'served Ameri
can Club meals, at from 35cto $1 each,- always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building. San Fran
cisco, Cal. • - . -* , -
BAKERSFIELD. April 7.— In the Re
corder's office to-day 699 documents, such
as deeds, leases and powers of attorney,
w"ere placed on record conveying to the
Associated .Oil Company the properties of
the sixteen Individual corporations that
make up the combine. | ' The fees for re
cording these instruments will amount to
more than $800 and the revenue stamps
placed on the documents aggregate more
1 SS%v« rep^ sentln S a value in excess
of $5,000,000.- The heaviest valuation as
shown by the stamps, Is placed on the
property of the Reed Crude, which deed
bears $1343 In revenue stamps. The com
panies forming the combine are the San
¦Joaquln,<Reed Crude, Kern- Oil, Canfleld/
Green & Whittier, Chicago . Crude, Sen
ator. Aztec, Central: Point, . Syeamore,
Hecla, Bollna, Alvar^Kansas City and
Formally Transfer Their Entire Hold
ings to the Associated Oil
, Company.
SIXTEEN CORPORATIONS
POOL THEIR INTERESTS
Mrs. George Sperry. and son have gone
to Coronado. . , •. .-,
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Cochrane have, taken
apartments at the Cumberland.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph -Olcovlch are again
In the city having returned from San
Salvador. They are living at 2402 Bush
street.
: Miss Ruth Clarke has returned > to her
home, 1713 Broderick street, after an ex
tended ¦visit in Sacramento. . •
Miss "Rose Walnwrlght has returned to
school after spending her spring vacation
with her mother, Mrs. E. W. Wainwright.
Mrs. R. T. Carroll and Miss Gertrude
Carroll are visiting: at the Murphy ranch,
near. Mountain View. Upon their return
they will take a house on Van Ness ave
nue for %be- summer.
A barn dance was given last evening at
the residence of-W. OBurke, 3026 .Twenty*
second street., The. proceeds go to the
Kildare booth of the Irish Fair.
Mrs. John C. Currier, wife of Colonel
Currier,- is now convalescing/after a long
and dangerous Illness. • ;
Mrs. G. Alexander will be pleased • to
see her friends prior to her departure for
Europe Friday afternoon. April 11, at 1843
Bush street.
Mrs. Adam Grant and Mrs. Joseph
Grant will not receive on the second
Thursday," as was heretofore announced.
• » ¦ •
Mrs. William 'Willis 'and Mrs. Arthur
Whipple Spear, will receive on the fourth
and fifth Ttfesdays at 1840 California
street.
DEMENTED MAN
THE INCENDIARY
TRAINED NURSES
FORM A SOCIETY
In rendering his decision this afternoon.
Judge Anpellot ti said that the case was a
peculiar one. The Legislature had never
seen fit to vest in a Superior Judge the
jxnwr the complainant seeked to invoke;
neither had such a point ever before been
brought up In the Supreme Court for
final action. He believed, however, * that
the County Clerk must receive all regis
trations if made out in proper form and
that it devolved upon the Election Board
to x>ennit or prevent the voting of those
registered.
SAN RAFAEL, April 7.— The order to
Ehow cause why 'certain names of the
anti-poolroom faction In bausalito should
not be stricken from the Great Register
of Marln County came up to-day before
Judpe Ang-ellottL James A- Smith, repre
senting the poolrooms, filed suit last
Tuesday, praying that the County Clerk
be restrained from forwarding to the
Board o£ Election the names of Michael
I'sina, John Ferguson. E. C. Bartlett,
Henry Bpencer, W. C. Brown and A.
Sylva and that the court Issue an injunc
tion preventing the men named voting at
the Sausalito municipal election on April
14. The allegations set forth were to the
effect that Sylva was not a citizen of the
t'nited States, that Bartlett .was regis
tered in San Francisco and that the
others were not residents of Marln Coun
ty ninety days prior to April 14. Sylva
has twice held municipal office and is at
present Mayor of Sausalito. He Is up for
re-election.
Injunction Proceedings From
Sausalito.
Judge Ang-ellotti's Decision 'in the
SUPERIOR COURT CA2TNOT
PREVENT REGISTRATION
EASTERN SOCIETY BELLE
WHO HAS-BEEN VISITING
IN THIS CITY. '
-GILROY, April 7.— One of the most re
markable achievements of a sensational
newspaper was the publication in San
Francisco to-day of the finding of two
human skeletons In a box in the Southern
Pacific freight warehouse in Gilroy ' The
#i?«i " s .P ec L a1 "' has given -rise to no end
of hilarity here.'
Tweive years ago a rancher named Jam
ison went East, leaving In the freight-,
house^two- boxes that he said he would
send for when he wanted them shipped.
These boxes were opened a few days ago
and two skulls and some crossbones -were
found on top of a lot of books. Many
Gilroy. residents remember having seen,
the skulls and crossbones. in. Jamlson'3
house, where he had used them for deco
rative purposes In his library. Thus is a,
remarkable "murder mystery" exploded.-
a Box>. Excites a Yellow
¦ . Journal. .'
Tinding of Skull and Crossbones in
LITE-ID TAXE OF MURDER
AMUSES THE GILROYANa
Mrs. Davis is believed to have been af
fected mentally. Once before she » at
tempted to end her life by taking poison.
Besides her daughters she leaves a hus
band, J. A.' Davis, now with a surveying
party In Shasta County. • < ¦
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— Becoming de
spondent over the difficulty, of providing
for herself and her three children, Mrs.
C. F. Schweitzer. of El Monte, thirteen
miles from- this city,' ended r her life by
drowning herself in a tank of crude oil.
The body was to-day found floating in the
tank, which is connected with a pumping
plant von a neighboring ranch. The sui
cide's late husband,, C. F. Schweitzer, was
for eighteen years a winemaker in the
employ of "Lucky" Baldwin. The eldest
son of the family committed ! suicide five
years ago, and the mother made an un
successful attempt to end her life last
Friday, by taking morphine. -
At midnight Mrs. Davis awoke Miss
Maybell and told her she had taken poi
son. She was given an emetic, but it was
too late, and she died before medical aid
arrived.
CHICO, April 7.— Mrs. Lydia M. Davis,
a native of Wisconsin, aged 44 years, com
mitted suicide at an early hour this morn
ing by taking strychnine.' Mrs. Davis
lived with two daughters in this city, the
young ladies being students of the Nor
mal School. One daughter, Maybell Da
vis, returned last night from Reno, Nev
having been a member of the Normal
basket-ball team which, defeated Reno on
Saturday. The mother appeared^n high
spirits over the success of the Normal
team.
Drowns Herself in a Tank
of Crud.e Oil.
One Takes Poison and .the Other
TWO WOMEN WEARY
OF LITE'S STRUGGLES
The marriage of Miss Ethel Constance
Wilson and Charles - Lasselle Taylor Jr
was solemnized Sunday afternoon at 2-30
o'clock by Rev. George C. Adams D.D.
at the residence of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Newman, 424 Post
street. It was 'witnessed only by the im
mediate relatives and a few close friends
Miss Wilson was attended by Miss Murlei
Richards as maid of honor. Robert A
Dean acted as best man to the groom
Mrs. Charles Land, with her two daugh
ters, Miss Charlotte Land and Miss Caro
line Land, left yesterday for Southern
California, where they will spend some
time before returning East. Their trip to
San Francisco has been one of business
9&-well as pleasure and their time has
been divided between the Pleasanton and
visiting Mrs. George Lent. The Lands
spend a great deal of their time in travel
ing, but Syracuse and New York City are
their permanent homes.
Miss Gertie Lapidaire and Louis M.
Gertz were the principals at a happy wed
ding In the. drawing-room of the Cali
fornia Hotel Sunday evening. The affair
was ¦¦very quiet, only Immedfate friends
being Invited. After the ceremony an
elaborate supper was served in the ban
quet-room. ¦ . . ¦ • - ¦¦.¦•¦-.
I Ruth Merrill, president: Carol Moore, first
vice president ; merritt Reid, second vice presi
dent; . Helen Ashton, recording secretary;
Maude Payne, corresponding secretary; Kath
leen Bnll. treasurer: MrB. John P. Merrill,
honorary president; Helen Ashton. Bessie Ash
ton, Ruth Merrill, Carol Moore, Josephine Han
nigan, Kathleen Bull, Nadlne Belden. Merritt
Reid, Berrice Wilson, Louise Stone, Maude
Payne, Eleanor Jones, Bella Mackenzie,- Mar-
Jorle Paterson. Helen Irwin, Janet Coleman,
Joanette Wright, Marion . Wright, Edna . Davis,
and Anita Davis. - . ' ¦
The entertainment will consist of char
acter sketches by Mrs. John R, Toosley;
studio effects by the girls; music and
dancing. The living pictures will be es
pecially attractive. The mothers of the
fair Marguerites will. act as patronesses.
The members of the auxiliary are:
-talnment and dance for charity
at Century Hall on the 18th of the pres;
ent month. The proceeds will go to sup
port the hospital bed for which the kindly
Marguerites provide. Not long ago the
Chrysanthemums gave a ball which sur
passed all expectations and It now looks
as though the younger, set of philanthro
pists, all of whom are less, than sweet
sixteen, would make a greater stir \n
society.
THE Little .Marguerites, the young
est auxiliary of the Children's
Hospital, are completing their ar
rangements for a delightful enter-
"If he doesn't come down to-night,"
said Cane, "we'll give him the slip for
good. In two weeks he will haye copied
down. Then we'll go back and ask his
blessing."
Papa -King, no letter from his
daughter in Alturas became suspicious
and for two weeks he has been sending
inquiries everywhere. The. lovers were
safe until the delegates from'. Lakeview to
the Republican convention in Portland
last week stumbled across them. Then
the word was wired to King. A friend
warned Cane and he and his ' bride fled
to Redding. Cane's friend telegraphed to
this city that the old gentleman was
traveling at high speed to Portland. To
night the lovers started for San Fran
cisco. ¦ " • , '
But love found a way. A month ago
Cane mounted his horse and went north
to Portland. A .week later Miss King's
father . let her go to Alturas to visit
friends, hoping the change: would cause
her to forget Cane. Of course tie young
lady doubled on her tracks, and after a
roundabout journey on horseback and
stages she reached Portland, was met by
her lover and on last Friday they were
married. Cane says his wife is 23 and
old enougrh to know her own business, i
Walter Cane and his. beautiful wife, who
was Miss Maud King : until she changed
her name in Portland on April 4, arrived
from the north. When accused of an
elopement Cane at- flrsc denied it, but
nnally told the whole truth. He is a
pleasant young man and he has a ranch
and cattle range 700 miles north of Lake
view, in the Oregon woods, near Prin
ville. Last Christmas he went to Lake
view to buy sheep and there he met win
some Maud King, whose lather, William
King, has a large ranch forty miles from
Lakeview. They fell in love at sight and
exchanged promises to marry. Then
Father King heard about it and there was
a storm. His wife is dead and his daugh
ter was his Idol. He vowed that she
should never marry Walter Cane.
REDDING, April 7.— "Walt Cane and
Wife, .Lakeview, Or.," is the prosaic entry
upon the Golden Eagle Hotel register in
this city, but back of It there Is a ro
mance that will Interest every one who
"loves a lover." That Vand wife". shows
how angry papas and awful threats are
only a joke when Cupid is .In earnest;
and a trip of 300 or 4JU miles on horse-
Jjack, by stage or; any' old way is only
"spice to the . romance when young folk
want to wed.. . . ' " - : . ¦ !
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ Mrs. J. Bertz, Mrs. O. B. Burns, Mlsg S E
Cowell, Mrs. James Elder, Mrs. -William Frank,
Mrs. William L. Gerstle, Mrs.-F.--V. Wright.
M™.VJ.-L.- Gould. Mrs William Hollls, -. Mrs.
W. E Jackson, Mrs H. E. . Law, Mrs. W S
Leake,- Mrs. Guy K. Manning, Mrs." A." H. Mar
tin, Mrs. S.-.B. McLenegan, 'Mrs.H. E* Os
borne. Miss Maude O'Connor. Mrs.' E F Pres
ton, Miss Adelaide Pollock; Mrs. George Sperry.
Mrs. J. J. Spleker and Mrs. William Thomas.
The managers of the nursery, who have
charge of the sale and who are.collecting
the contributions, are: . ¦•--¦ . ; ¦
The sale itself will be one of the most
extensive of its kind ever held in - this
city. The ladies have been gathering
contributions- for several months past,
and they promise that, they' will have
enough on hand to stock a small-sized de
partment store. Before . leaving for the
East Mrs. Herman Oelrichs gave a very
valuable collection : of "bric-a-brac and
house furnishings.; Many, other prom
inent women have given ornaments, cloth
ing and articles of household use,- until
the ladies claim that they could complete
ly equip an ordinary, house; They are
not through collecting their stock yet,
and goods of all kinds will be' thankfully
received. • Nothing is too old, too odd or
too unique or too out-of- fashion not to
be acceptable by- the managers of this
rummage sale. They Intend to make the
enterprise, a success that will long be
memorable to the housewives of this city.
Ladies In search of bargains should re
member this sale, as there will be up for
disposal clothing of all descriptions, suits,
dresses, shirt waists, underclothing, hats,
bonnets, caps, shoes, hose, neckties, 1 rib
bons, belts, gloves, children's clothing of
every description, furniture, carpets -rugs,
curtains, ornaments. J dishes and toys, as
well as a host of other useful' and orna
mental articles. :,'S -.-•¦•¦,' •¦--¦•• ••• . ;
The j maqagers. and patronesses ; of s the
Nursery for Homeless Children' are pre
paring to opena grand rurhmagfe "sale .on
Saturday, April 12; at 1530 Powell street.
The sale, is to be given in order 'to raise
money with which to pay off a mortgags
on -a _ lot , "owned?" by the ; nursery/. in .the
Richmond district.. The nursery has.^out
grown its present location and is badly in
need of a more commodious home,, and
as, soon: as: this ¦ mortgage - Is; liquidated
the managers intend I to commence the
erection of ; a new nursery,*- that will be
capable of accommodating all: of. the city's
little homeless waifs who may appeal i to
them for shelter, r The mortgage on the
property- amounts to $2000, and the man
agers of the nursery Intend to commence
the raising of .that sum by holding this
rummage sale. . . .
From that day until this the Mason* of
this city have been endeavoring to learn
to what lodge Straubenmiller belonged.
Innumerable letters have been sent -to
Masonic lodges, advertisements <iave
been placed in newspapers and Masonic
magazines, but all to no avail. Now the
search has been given up and the re
mains were taken yesterday from the
custody of J. W. Barton, until recently
-¦vorshipful master of the local lodge and
a member of the undertaking firm of
Barton & Catick, and laid to rest In the
city cemetery. The Masons attended the
services in a body.
Blair, being a Mason, returned to this
city and reported to the members of
Phoenix Lodge. The lodge appropriated
$45 to have the bones brought to this city
and Blair again made the trip to the des
ert. The bones were gathered together
find brought here, where they were placed
in a casket.
It was more than seven years ago that
"Jack" Blair, one of the best-known
:nining men and prospectors in Southern
California, started on a journey across
Mojave desert. When a short distance
east of Cottonwood Springs he saw the
bones of a human being lying near the
ride of the road. He paid no attention
to the skeleton at the time, but on his
return trip his attention was attracted by
something bright lying near the remains
of the unfortunate wanderer. Blair
picked up the object- and It proved to be
a Masonic pin. Papers found near showed
the body to be that of George Strauben
miller.
SAX BERNARDINO. April 7.— Seven
years ago the bones of George Strauben
mJller were found blistering In the heat
en the Mojave desert. Yesterday those
bones were consigned to the earth with
Masonic honors, after having lain all this
time In a casket kept by the members
of Phoenix Lodge No. 17fc, F. and A. M. f
of this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Money to Be Used to; Build
•New House for Heme
: less Children.
Try in Vain to Learn Identity
of Body Pound on the
Mcjave Desert
Learn. on Reaching Redding
•That Girl's Father Is
on Their Trail
Will Hold a Rummage
Sale for Char table
Institution.
Runaway Lovers Travel
Hundreds of Miles
Overland.
Masons Bury Stranger
Seven Years After
His Death.
SOCIETY LADIES
AS SHOPKEEPERS
HORSE AND STAGE
CONVEY ELOPERS
GRAVE AT LAST
HOLDS HIS BONES
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902;
Fair Young Philanthropists Will Give Enter
tainment and Bail to . j\ssist- ; in ""¦ the
Support of|^H6spitai|Bed fpr>Childreri
LITTLE MARGUERITES
TO DANCE FOR CHARITY
5
j BE A MAN!
I vr-\ v Arouse Yourself. Feel the
%jT^ k^^ Spark of Life in Your
•[ L^->sr---J?t-^\^ Nerves. Recover the
J^^jlJ^V Vigor You Have ''"* Lost.
5 * '". .^\5 i» &k \ Would you not like to have-your friends
>*^bl V*" V-^-s.-«s-jSi*£ \ Point to you as they used to do and say.
iflffWjfrfri * j" <*fe- i\ "There goes a strong man?"-. Do you not
• iBSBBra M ifc'v " 'ISS&v )L# wlsh your eye to be so. bright, your step
O \ '? v/Vk^ « so firm and yo^r form so erect that men
Q -NYvji'// -ffi93\ » and women ™ nl admire you and remark
A 48!&&3iS^$X\Vi/Y-' W at your manI >' bearing? These are tbe
a ;; I thoughts uppermost In the minds of mod-
2. • JMKi3&m& J k££Z*GS£a: 1 1 era men— physical and mental perfection,
' 4/ strength and power.
9 wtB!IHBg5^5S7XW5g%^a^ ' ¥ h t d ?* s not llke to be stron *. to feel
• V^H^^^®WlVrr<^l; ; '>-^S/V \ that he -is equal In strength to any man
• : VK^ ;^^fe/ othls age? You can be \t you will obey
S \$W§*5 l 38f / C H <N E^ftfii' the a PP eal h «r® made to you.
a isSSaKsa// rS^¥\ \ S5Sl£» Drugs have been tried and have failed.
W y%(aiSr\ >l -Sfl. ~^&gsP Blectric Belt cannot fall; It Is Electricity
w ,- ¦- -¦--: "-"I . < *^^. .. and "Electricity is Lite." It gives you
• - the oil with which to set the machinery of your body in motion,- and afew
#' months' use of ft will assure you health and* happiness for the rest of your
:0 -life. "It is worth its weight in gold to me," says a recent letter. "I would.
A not sell it for all the gold in this State," writes another grateful patient It
2 will cure air Nervous • and Organic - Weakness, Rheumatism Lame Back
2J Kidney, and. Bladder. Troubles. Indigestion. Dyspepsia and alb ailments fol-
?' lowing the effects of dissipation. . It will prove of great value to any man
™ who suffers from these ailments. . ¦ •
% Call to-day and test it free, or send for my book with full description. I
'#._¦ will send it closely sealed if you will inclose this ad.
l A iSSSIBRSBBBHttfiHBBft'^ ' ¦ ' " ' ' " '
• T\V M C. MpT.aiiCrhlin 70 * »ark 9 t St., Cop. Kearny
O Vf »J 1U. V.; lUVJJClUgIlllIl,' (Lotta . s p ountaln) . San Franel«».-
0 ' Office Hours, S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Never Sold by" Agents or Drug Store*.
: ' "Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — While we are , taught in the training
schools throughout the country to look down upon patent
and while the doctors in the hospitals ' speak slightingly of them to
patients, I have found that > they really, know different. I have fre-
quently known physicians to give Liydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound to women suffering with the most serious complications of
ovarian troubles, falling of the womb, leucorrhcea, and other disorders.
They would as a rule put the Compound in regular medicine bottles
, and*' label '-it * Tonic,' or other names, but I knew it was your Com-
pound, and have , seen them fill it in prescription bottles. I have
... never seen. anything but happy results from its use j inflammation and
- ulceration - has been relieved . and cured in a few weeks, * es'pecially
where your. Sanative Wash has been applied also. I feel it" but due
to you to give proper credit for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound ; I have great faith in it and often recommend it to others."^
-Mi^s L'illian Martin, 384 27th Ave., Milwaukee Wis.
;$500O*FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
1 Jfvou are sick, write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for advice.
Miss Lillian Martin, Graduate of Train-
• ing School for Nurses, = Brantford, Can.,
now jof Milwaukee, Wis., Testifies that the
Hospital Doctors Rely Upon Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to Cure
Severe Cases of Woman's Ills. She says:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ban Pnndtco, Tuesday, 8 April, 1N&
T^ aA TT 11
bor the Hall
I The hall settee, with hall glass to
match, are quite the most popular hall pieces
nowadays. The pretty settee pictured above is
built of oak, golden finish, and measures 37
inches in width by 39 inches high. Price $10.00.
The mirror frame is of solid oak, finished golden
brown, is equipped with eight strong hooks and
measures 37 inches in width by 26 inches high.
The mirror measures 16 by 20 inches. Price
$10.00.
Other shapes and sizes in great variety await
the inspection of those who do not fancy the
designs pictured above.
The carpet store is making history, thesexlays.
Only thirteen months old and ."doing THE
business of the town." Doubtful?— a visit will
convince you.
(Successors to, California .Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
- '% j ¦-¦¦*'- - * ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . .. ¦ . - .TUESDAY... : . APRIL 8, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Minn ill CcamcBicttiou to W. 8. LEASE, Ktniger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. .. .... .Telephone Pre«» 2O4
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. '.Market and Tkird, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. •
•
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Term* by Mall, InclodlnK Poataeret
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). S months 1.S0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month..'... «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All poitmaiten are authorized to receive "
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. __
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with, their request.
OAKLAXO OFFICES 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
XtBtgcr foreign Advertising, K&rqnette Buildiaj. Chle»jj. ..
(Long- Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CA ItLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH ...30 Tribune Bnlldlng:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Houae; Auditorium Hotel.
11U AXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
uctll 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
0:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1003 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
Men shaved without soap. 15c. at Rass Houm
Antiseptic Barber Shop, ; 21X . Montgomery. •
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Inyigorator.
Best Ltv«rJiIe<Jlclne,"VeKetable Cure for Llverllls, ¦
Biliousness; Indigestion. Constipation, M.i^ftat
as well as of truthin the remark of Senator Qay of
Georgia that the South furnishes the strength of the
party and has the right to run it
reorganize the party there is something of pertinence
In %-iew of the efforts of New York Democrats to'
DIVISION;feNCE^-P., San Mateo, Cal.,
and A:O. R., ( Paso Robles, Cal. The an
swer to . your question, "If two men own
adjoining, property; and ! A, wants a Tdivi-1
sidn fence and B does not,. then A puts up
a fencei'can;B be forced to pay any share
of i the ; cost "- of such- fence?'.' is found . in
section 841 r of the Civil Code, as follows: *
, "Coterminous owners are . mutuallj ,
The mosquitoes found in swamps and
damp woods are generally more brilliantly
colored than, those varieties which fre
quent human habitations. . >
Senator Frye stated 'recently that : never since he
has been in Congress has the business of the long
term been so well. advanced as at this? session, arid he'
predicts Congress, will be > ready to adjotirniby the
end of June} Such a. prediction,' of course, is.not
worth much more than one ! from the Weather % Bu- '\
reau, but all the/ same it - is cheering. i ;
Films, plates, papers^ cameras. Print
ing and developing. The best of every
thing, at Sanborn, Vail &.Co.'s, 7ft Mar
ket street. •
Photographic Supplies.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townserid's California glace fruit, 50c a ,
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. ba»- '
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends. '
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building • 1
> Marysvllle Appeal.
Father uYorke is doing, an immense
aniount of talking lately, most of which
the Examiner and .the Post put In tvoe
for the edification of their readers with
out discussing generally the value of
these; remarks by the poll tifcat priest, we
beg to comment : adversely in particular
upon hiahnbif of calling upon the Irish
to remember that they; afe r Irish and to
stand together as! such. ; Wouldn't it be
better, all things considered, to call upon
them to. remember that they are f Amer
icans and- to stand together with all the
people Of this great country as such? The
Irishman and the;German,- the Dane and
the Swede are air right enough, in their
.way.^but | they ,become citizens of
the, .United -SULtesi of America, their first
duty Is, to this, nation, as is. that of their
children and,: their children's children:
and so, they. should be taught, cherishing
however, ; if they i please, . memories of
"Auld ,Lang Syne.? There should be no
such person as a hyphenated American,
In America Be aiv American.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 16 at Townsend**.*'
Stuffed prunes with apricots. 1 Townsend*«.«*
WILLr-H., Oakland, Cal. Form in wills
is not much regarded arid a very simple
and informal document will" be sustained
where the writing relied on has been: ex
ecuted in conformity to statute and shows
upon its face a declaration that the same
is the will of ; the ' maker. : But a person
who does not desire ,to engage the serv
ices of a lawyer can draw up his own will
by i procuring, a : blank form of such from
a dealer "in law stationery*' A will should
be signed in the presence of the testator,
by at least two witnesses. A person, how
ever, may make ! an olographic will, ', which
need not be witnessed. Such a will must
be wholly in -the handwriting, of thetes
tator. *It;.mustVnot have any. printing
upon it./ Such. a, will; written on a sheet
of paper having printed at the head, for.
instance, "San Francisco,.. ..'., 190..,"
would be declared Invalid.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 7.-Th e
rcllowlngr Calif ornians registered here to
day: At the Willard-J. Simpson, R.
Harris arid G. Thompson of Los Angeles
At the Arlington— R. W. Phiyips. At the
Raielgh— N. B. Smith, S/ R. Bauman- and
J. Dickson. At the St. James— M. Bron-*
son and J. Kauffmsn. At the National— j
It. O. Lincoln and J»"S. Powers, all of ¦
San Francisco. . rV.';; ¦ 7
Calif ornians in Washington.
WHITE SHOES— D. W.' S. B.. Del
Monte, Cal., "If whltekld shoes are nut
very soiled ' they : may be cleaned In the
following manner: "Put .half; ounce/of
hartshorn in a saucer, dip a bit of clean
flannel into it and rub 'It on a piece { of
white: curd soap; rub the shoe /with this
and as ' each piece ;of flannel j becomes
soiled take a fresh piece. The boots will
look? like new." White satin shoes may
be { cleaned by . rubbing them with: stone
blue and flannel and afterward cleaning
them with, bread. .
j From this it appears that the Supervi
sors or City Trustees have' the power to
flx the price of water, gas and electricity.
. "In any city where there are no public
works owned and controlled by the mu
nicipality - for supplying the same' with
water or artificial light, an individual • or
company duly incorporated tor such pur
pose under arid by authority of the laws
of the State • ? * for introducing into
and supplying such city and its inhab
itants either with gaslight or [other, il
luminating 1 light, or, with fresh water - for
domestic and all other purposes upon the
condition that the municipal government
shall have .the- right to regulate the
charges thereof.*'
WATER AND LJGHT-^-Subscrlber, Oak
land, Cal. On the subject of the right of
municipalities to- regulate the price of
water and gas the constitution of the
State says: "
STATE ELECTIONS^-F. S., Klamath,
Cal. All the States In the Union except
Kentucky,' ¦ Maryland, Mississippi, ; Utah,
"Virginia and Washington will elect a Gov
ernor, and other 'State officers. This de
partment has not the space to print the
title of each officer to be elected in each
State. ' • , ' r .
From the summary that has been published, it ap
pears the Tours . Congress demands the abolition of
all tariff duties and' the adoption of -lull freedom of
trade, calls for a graduated income tax, the enforce-,
ment by law of one day of rest in seven, the restric
tion of labor to eight hours a'day, a State insurance
"system, full freedom of education of all grades, the
prohibition of private schools, the enactment oU laws
forbidding % the employment of. women for night work,
at any trade, the abolition of the Presidency and the
Senate so as to give the Deputies complete control of
the Government, the .election of Judges by direct vote
of the people, universal suffrage for both sexes, the
abolition of compulsory military service, the con
struction by the Government of proper homes for the
poor, and the nationalization of mines.
Some of these demands are not beyond the pro
gramme of , progressive conservatives. The restric
tion of labor-to eight hours a day and to six days in
the week is fairly acceptable' throughout civilization .
Free trade has"bee,n tried in Great Britain, so it can
not be deemed revolutionary, even if it has been
disastrous. The - greater portio'n of the programme,
however, is wild and unreasonable! Why should
: men be denied the. privilege of maintaining private
AT a congress held at Tours; the Socialists of
France recently adopted a new declaration of
principles and a programme of action. It was
drawn up by M.-Jaures, the leader of the Socialists
in the Chamber of Deputies, who have supported. the
Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry arid who accordingly are
known as "Ministerial Socialists:" . The authorship of
the platform is a matter ; of some importance, ¦ since
it reveals the fact.that.the programme emanates from
what may be termed the conservative wing of the
party, and, therefore, does not represent the extreme
Socialists." , •'.' ; ¦ '
FRENCH SOCIAIi PROGRAMME.
Calif ornians in Ne'-w York.
R.; J. Jose and wife and P. l. Raphael
?^'S % SchlI1I °e and Sg*ES
J. Triest. at the Savoy; Mra. C. E Treva
™-« V £ tOrla: A- *<¦ at the Hoff-
T 6; , M1SS We. -at 'the Herald
S "I'? 1 * Marshall, at the Albemarle;
So™ 1 P f arson - at the Grand Union.
tS * £ Angeles-Mrs. Graham, at the
Holland; K: Steinleln, at the Savoy.
From San Diego— Captain J. A. San
born,, at the Astor.
¦ TROOPS— N.,; Sari Rafael, . Cal. . When
the announcement Is , made in the press
that a general ' left for a certain j point
with 6000 or 10,000 soldiers it does not mean
that he 'started with that exact number,
as there may have been a few more or a
few, less. " ..[:_
The Boston Globe, says. "Strawberries from Mis
sissippi will be started North this week — and some
of us are getting very tired of prunes." The implied
preference for the Mississippi, strawberry over the
California prune sounds strange, but what can be ex
pected of folks who were raised on beans?
INTEREST— I. H., Vallejo. Cal. Your
question is a simple one of compound in
terest and of the class : that this depart
ment does not answer. It does not fur
nish answers to questions in arithmetic
nor solve problems.
Fell to be scoffed, to be spit on and beat.
QUOTATION— R., Placervllle, Cal. A
friend pt this department suggests that
the lines submitted In your letter of in
quiry, namely: ; •
She was as white and pure as. snow.
But like the snowflakes from heaven she fell.
Are not correctly quoted, and that pqssi
bly you have in mind the words following
from "Beautiful Snow," written In De
cember,' 1853, and to be found in full In the
July number of : the Galaxy, 1869, pages
143-144, together with a history of the
same: ¦ - .
'Once she was pure as the snow, but O fell.
Fell like the snowflaKes from heaven to hell.
. Fell to be trampled as the nith of the street.
SINGER-J. D. S.', City. Isaac Merritt
Singer, then a resident of New York, ob
tained a patent for the: sewing machine
that bears his name August 12, 1651. His
first ' machine was manufactured in that
city.. ' "V ,
The issue is one of considerable importance just*
now, for it signifies the complete eclipse of Bryam'sm,
and perhaps the permanent elimination of that 'phase
of partisanship from 1 our politics. The Call recently
directed attention to the vote' in ; the Mississippi Leg
islature declaring for an alliance of Southern Democ
racy with New \York and utterly repudiating the
Chicago platform and the Populistic Democracy of
the West That in itself was a significant .demon-'
stration of the change in Southern sentiment, but an
even more notable manifestation of change is found
in the recent statement that among 'all • the Senators
from the JSouth at Washington only! two are out and
put Bryan men. Those two are Tillman and Jones
of Arkansas. .Tillman is discredited in his own State
and Jones is soon to lose his Senatorship, for the
recent' vote in the Democratic primaries in Arkansas
shows that *his party is opposed to his •re-election;,'.
Such" being the drift- of opinion ; in the South,' it is *
clear the time has .come for Bryan to decide whether
he will retire from politics or ' be: ; retired Tby the
Southern and Eastern combination! If he wishes to
avoid both; evils it is ¦ high ; time he took the stump. "'
Something' is doing in the South, arid if he do not
head it ,off it will have a "get there" movement on it
by,: 1904. .:'¦¦.'•-. ¦ r'-: \,r:, : ; : v: - ¦ 'X,: .- J,; ':'¦: ¦¦".¦;¦"/-. v
The truth of Clay's statement of fact is indis
putable. The South does furnish the strength of the
Democratic .party. Without the 'delegations from
that section of the Union there would hardly be
enough Democrats in Congress to form a commit
tee. Nor docs it appear that any valid objection. can
be made to the conclusion the Senator drew from
the fact. ' Since the . South does the main part of the
Democratic voting, why should she not draw , up the
platforms and nominate the candidates she expects
to vote for? . ¦ .
SENATOR CLAY of Georgia recently closed a
discussion of. the conflict between the •Bryanite
Democrats of. the West and the Gold Demo
crats of the East, by saying that as. the South fur
nishes the strength of the Democratic party it should
have the right to decide upon party policies. That
viewis shared by a good many other Southern men,
and it is probable that the fight between Nebraska
and New York will be settled urthe next national
convention by the arbitrariness if riot the arbitration
of the solid South. -. -
- THE PRESIDENT— A Subscriber, City.
There is nothing in the constitution or
the laws of the United States which, says
that the' President cannot leave the
United States to visit foreign places dux-,
ing his term of office, nor is there any
law that says that if he should desire to
go outside of the boundaries of the Union
of States that he mUst obtain permission.
SOUTHERN POLITICS.
DIME OF '65— B. B.. City. While deal
ers do not offer a premium for a dime of
1865, yet, if you wish to purchase one from
them they will charge you from 60 cents
to $1. ¦'--¦¦
VI forget, but I think- It was Jamaica
CnL J g O hOVah ChromcS;
Little five-year-old Lois Durand was
sent one morning to buy some Java and
Mccha coffee for her mother. By tha
time she had reached the store she had -
forgotten the name of the coffee she wS
to order, so when the storekeeper asked
said^ klnd Ot C ° ffee she aha*
Artist— Mrs. Fourhundred wants a Scrip
ture text emblazoned on her dining-room
wall. What would you sugg-est?
His Friend— Prove all things, hold *ood
that which is fast-Judge. .
The Fiancee— Don't be- afraid of -papa!
His bark is worse than hla bite.
The Fiance— And do you— a— Inherit tha«
peculiarity?— Memphis Commercial Ad
peal. *^
MIZPAH— L.. City. The meaning of
Mizpah is: "Jehovah, watch between me
and thee when we are absent one from
another.'' . ,
A CHANCE TO SMJLE.
bound to maintain (1) the boundaries and
monuments between them; (2) the fences
between them, unless one of them chooses
to let his land He without fencing. In
which case, if he afterward incloses it,
he must refund to the other a just pro
portion of the value at that time of any
division fence made by the latter."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Registrar Walsh advises the introduction of vot
ing, machines to correct the gross blunders which
the intelligent public insists- upon committing ' on
election day.^ The Registrar perhaps .forgets that
even machine-protected brains could not j save some
voters from error.
"WIFE OP THE ELDEST SON OF THE LATE JAT; GOULD, .WHO IS ONE ;.
OF THE NOTABLE FIGURES IN THE SOciAL LIFE OF. - NEW
YORK. -M ' ' ". ' ' .
self-government is at stake in everything that re
lates to the regulation of public utilities. The elec
tion of Gage is not absolutely necessary to the
schemers provided they can carry the amendment,
for he can appoint their Commissioners before he
goes out of office ; but his defeat ( and that of the
amendment also are necessary to the welfare of the
State. ";;¦ ' . ¦ : '-l^i- ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦
Such is the issue and such are the foes that con
front the rank and file of the Republican party. The
combination is formidable. Back of Gage is Herrin
and the bosses of both parties, and back ofTthe
bosses, are the allied corporations working for the
adoption of amendment No. 28. It is a big scheme
and the menace to California is enormous. It will
not do for the people to underrate the danger. Local
It is the duty of the press to point out to the peo
ple this phase of the situation. The fight now going
on to capture the Republican State convention is not
being waged in the interest of such a petty politi
cian as Gage, nor is it mainly for the bosses and the
henchmen who are most conspicuous in making it.
It is a fight made by powerful corporations for a
scheme that will open the way for imposing rates
equal to all the traffic will bear upon every sort of
public utility in .California. In this fight Democratic
as well as Republican bosses are enlisted. Billy
Herrin is'not doing politics solely in the Republican
camp, and the tone of the yellow organ of Democ
racy shows that he is getting help in the Democratic
camp as well as from Kelly, Cnmmins, Burns,
Burke and Lynch, who pose as Republicans.
It is to be borne in mind that the commission in
the first instance is to be appointed by the Gov
ernor, and there will be no election to the office by
the people except as the terms of those appointed by
the Governor expire. There are to be five Commis
sioners; one is to hold for two years, another for
four years, a third for six years, a fourth for eight
years and the fifth for ten years. Thus the men to
be appointed by Gage should the amendment be
adopted would control the commission for six years
to come. Is it any wonder the railway and other
corporation bosses arc backing* him?
It will be apparent to every intelligent man. that if
the amendment be adopted the corporations will
have only to get control of the commission to have
the people at their mercy. .With that commission
on their side they can afford to defy any and every
effort to obtain reasonable rates. Even such strictly
local questions as those affecting the water supply
of communities will be decided by the commission
and not by the local authorities. What more, then,
could the most grasping corporation wish than the
establishment of such a commission during the Gov
ernorship of a man who will appoint such Commis
sioners as the corporations desire? -
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 28 is the
boldest effort to establish boss corporation rule in
California -Ihat. has. ever ..been .attemptetL /The
amendment annuls sections 22 and 23 of article XII
of the constitution, relating to corporation's, and
creates a commission to be composed of five mem
bers, clothed with extraordinary powers. It is to
have supervision over railway, telegraph, telephone,
water,, light, power, sleeping-car, express and "other
corporations." AH authority now vested in State
commissions,' Boards of Supervisors, Common
Councils or other bodies to supervise # and regulate
rates of public utilities is taken away. The proposed
new commission is to have control of the whole.
AS the State campaign progresses it becomes
more and more evident that the real scheme
of the corporation bosses is not so much the
re-election of Gage as that of procuring the adop
tion of Assembly constitutional amendment No. 28.
Gage is necessary to the. scheme, of course, for
should -the amendment be adopted he .would have
the appointment of the commission for which it pro
vides. Whether he be defeated or elected is a minor
matter. He is in office now and the appointments
would be in his hands. The corporations must
t>tand by him. For once the tool is in a position to
boss the bosses.
THE REAL SCHEME.
Hancock Banning, one of the proprie
tors of the Island of Catalina, is at the
Palace. He is' accompanied by Chris
Henne, a young capitalist of Los Angeles.
J. Sullivan, an extensive land-owner of
Rio Vista, is at the Grand for a few days
accompanied by his wife.
Gus S. Holmes, proprietor of the Hotel
Angelus of Los Angeles and the Knutts
fordof Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
¦ James. Murray,- a millionaire mining
man, who resides *:¦ at -Butte, Mont., la
among the arrivals at the Palace. . . >'
Benjamin Van Horn,' general manager
of ; the. Buffalo and . Lakeport. Railway,- la
a guest at the Palace. ; ;?. -; ¦!¦ ;,:•". «- -A
Lewis T, "Wright, a mining man of Kes
wick, Shasta County, Is among the ar
rivals at the' Palace.
James H. Oliver, cne of the largest iron
men of Pittsburg, is at the Palace with
his family.
Dr. H. G. McNaught, a prominent phy
sician of Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
M. H. McCord, a United States Mar
shal of Phoenix, Ariz., is at the Lick.
Jesse R. Grant of San Diego is a guest
at the Palace. . .
B. B. Burns, 'a. mining man of Gold
Beach, Or., is at the Grand.
.01. W. Skinner, a fruit-raiser of Marya
ville, is a. guest at the Lick. / •
/ £>r. William Millen' of Riverside la
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. Rykert, a Parisian physician, Is
among the arrivals at the Palace..
J. C. Campbell, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is a guest at the Grand.
E. Dlnkelspiel, a newspaper proprietor
cf Suisun, Is a guest at the Grand. *
PERSONAL.
It remains to be seen: how far Hanna will permit
his zeal on behalf of Rathbone to carry him! into an
tagonism to the President. In the fight as it stands'
public ; sentiment will be against him. ;- Rathbone has
been tried- and duly convicted by a court of compe
tent jurisdiction and apparently on fair evidence of
having robbed the Cuban postoffice.' The firmness
of the President, in refusing to interfere with the
course of the law is commendable, and it would seem
that Hanna could hardly", afford to make a fight
against the President: on such 1 , ground as he has
taken. Stjll 'there is^. unquestionably • a. 'strong, ele
ment in the" East that is trying to^ force Hinnavinto
opposition to-the admiriistratiori7 andiihto a contest
with Roosevelt for the 'nomination in 1904, and it is
by no means impossible that the; feeling growing out
of the Rathbone case may precipitate an open con
flict between the two. Should it prove so, 4he poli
tics of this country is going to be much livelier than
it has been since Me Kinley's first Presidency. .
U Hanna's argument is that; Rathbone did not have
a fair trial in Havana ? and should be brought to .the
United States arid given a trial in an' American court
under American law. ; He. ha? been urging'tKe Presi
dent to procure a new trial for Rathbone or to par
don him, but the President has refused. ' In fact, ; it
appears the..request niade ; by the- Senator 1 is decidedly
irregular. . A Washington dispatch!*says:" "It is -re-'
garded \ here a's doubtful ¦ whether the President, has
the. right to setVaside'^the- judgment of "the 'Cuban
court,- for Cuba is. a foreign country,' although "under
the nominal protection' of the United , States. The
same reasoning makes it extremely improbable i that
Congress would enact' a law transferring the accused
ex-officials to this country." ¦
Such doubts as may haunt the minds of other
people in Washington evidently do not trouble the
mind of the Senator from Ohio, for he has been in
sistent on the part v bf his friend ever since his con
viction. He has helped Rathbone to give the bail
of $100,000 required by the Cuban court, and is now
arranging to obtain for him a new trial in that coun
try if he cannot obtain A it in the United States.- - '
MAJOR .RATHBONE'Scase is becoming ir^
teresting from' a political' '.¦; point -.^ of, -view.
. :The earnestness with! which -Senator Hanna is
reported to.. be j defending him, and the reported firm
ness of the President to take no part in assisting the
Senator in the work, give anew occasion for specu-.
lation concerning a possible rivalry and antagonism
beween.the two. Rathbone himself is (no very' great
figure/, but if he should be' the cause of a political
fight j between two such champions as Roosevelt and
Hanna, he would have a marked influence on the his
tory of the Republican party' for th*e coming ; three
years' and might be a factor in determining the next '¦
candidate of the party for the Presidency, v -
RATHBONE AND ;> POX.ITICS.
, A New York philanthropist has started a restaur
ant where a" man can get -, a bowl of ¦ pea soup,
steamed hominy, or other cereal, for one cent; and
he claims that not only' can a man live on three such
meals i^day,;but the business. can be' conducted with
a profit to the. management. However, ; it is an idle
experiment." ,\ What/ tHe American ¦ wishes ¦• to 5 know
is how he . can earn' enougti -to' live higher and ¦ not
cheaper than at present. Y ; :. , ''": '. '. *•
Mrs. Gould has about-her a.' family 01
six fine ;. children," ¦¦' three girls and three
boys. : The ', oldest; Kingdon; bearing his
mother's, maiden. name, is growing, out of
boyhood, being. In hte fifteenth year. The
youngest, Edith Kingdon, named also
after her mother, was born aboard the
Gould yacht 'in -August" last,. Marjorie
Gould, the oldest of the girls. Is an un
usually", bright I girl " of ; about. 12 years,
speaking two languages -in addition to her
. native v tongue, .-JT.he- .. .third .¦.', daughter,, is
named after her aunt; Helen. v The other
boys are: Jay, named, for his grandfather,
and George : J. Gould Jr., who favors his
father in many, ways besides his name. :
Four years ago Mr. and Mrs. Gould fin
ished Georgian Court, a' palatial home
among the pinesof Lakewood, and there
their large circle of acquaintances have
been treated to entertainments that stand
out as- unique among, events of society.
Notable among them have been her I pri
vate , • theatricals,- in \ which manuscript
plays have been produced irf the theater
of Georgian Court by actors of the high
est standing/ : It has also been Mrs.
Gould's pleasure to. bring forward in- her
private theater* the best of amateur tal
ent;.-Mrs. Gould's' fondness for entertain
ing with an object finds expression at the
opera, where she is regularly a parterre
hostess." Mr. Gould is a stockholder in the
Metropolitan Opera-house and -Real Estate
Company and shares a parterre box with
Henry, Crews.-; :. V ¦ .,
A- FAMILIAR name in New York so
cial life Is' that 'of Mrs. George J.
Gould,, the' mistress , of Georgian
Court, Lake'wood, j N. j J y says the
. Commercial "Advertiser of New
York. Unlike many American women of
society, j Mrs. dould makes , her own so
cial atmosphere.- With her the Home is
paramount. , She is the mother of a large,
happy and healthy family of children.
During the last fourteen years Mrs. Gould
has done much elegant entertaining, but
with very-few exceptions all of the en
tertainments have been given In her home
in this city, of .• at her 'beautiful : country
place at-, Lakewood. An event of early
occurrence associated with: the social af
fairs of Mr;; and Mrs. Gould was the mar
riage of Miss Anna Gould with, the Count
Boni de ; Castellane at the city residence
ori upper \ Fifth avenue.': : burins that sea
son and in several succeeding, ones. Mrs.
Gould, gave^ a : series • of ; notabfe ' concerts
which inequality and excellence of ap
pointments ' . have;; not ;'.been exceeded by
New York's most ambitious hostesses.
What, we ask, what indeed, can more rapidly,
economically and satisfactiyely placate those people
and convince them of our superiority over Spain
than honoring the memory of- Rizal and keeping
Private Davis busy?
Another reflection, which burnishes our pride till
it shines like new brass, is that we have so much
improved on the methods of Spain. Dr. Rizal or
ganized the revolution of 1896 for independence. We
looked on at a distance and immediately observed
that the natives who joined him were good, and -de
sired independence with a great longing which
caused them to fight and die for it. But medieval
and mistaken Spain immediately began to shoot
prisoners who were good. They induced Rizal to
surrender under promise of safe conduct and peiv
mission to expatriate himself. As soon as he was in
their power they took their prisoner out in the plaza
at. Cavite and shot him! Remember, now, that he
had not even refused as a prisoner to' divide his
roots and herbs with his captors. He had shown
none of the stigmata of : degenerate badness which
Davis detects so easily. We have a school superin
tendent in Manila who on Rizal's birthday caused
Jus memory to be formally honored in all the
schools we have established in the islands.
Now Private Davis-seems to be the man for whom
we have been looking. Among the eighty, tribes, in*
the archipelago are all sorts and conditions. Some
wear clothes and some don't. Their variety is in
finite and we are after the bad ones, but with a lim
ited and finite capacity to distinguish them from the^
good. Under .these painful circumstances it no
doubt happens that we are retarding the placation of
the islands and indisposing the people toward our
spelling-book and institutions by mistakenly shoot
ing prisoners who belong to . the good class. They
are naturally regarded as -martyrs, and their fate im
pairs the spread of our gentle and humanizing in
fluence. In this situation Private Davis ceases to be
a private. He is a boon. He is more valuable/than
a commission, greater than an army with banners.
He can tell bad natives at a glance and unerringly
select them for execution. He should be kept in
action, being careful rot to fatigue him, since such a
gift, fagged by overwork, may depart and return us
to our first estate. He is lifting the clouds as fast as
he can, and should not be crowded. His methods
institute a much needed economy. All that is needed
is Davis and a firing squad. The ' good natives,
highly appreciative of this discrimination, can be
trusted to bury the dead bad ones, and hold a fiesta
over their timely removal, for^they were. stumbling- .
blocks in the path, of progress, up ' which we are tri
umphantly treading " arid taking the good natives
along-.. : ..-;,.;- ••.¦;¦.; .....*' ...;-.- . -.'.,¦.: *••¦-';
On Major Waller's trial there is much -testimpny
to the general treachery of the natives, and a
Macabebe scout has sworn that he has no doubt
these prisoners would have escaped by killing their j
captors if they could. In the face of this conclusive '
vindication of Major Waller our vote is ior his ac
quittal and promotion. But there is one revelation .
incident to his trial upon which we desire 4 to hang a
comment or two. It appears that in his force there .
is a private named Davis who has the power of life ]
and death. The major's witness testified that Davis
had this absolute power and picked out everywhere.,
the bad natives from' the good, and they were shot
in accordance with his selection. j
Major Waller pleads guilty of ordering the prison
ers shot, but submits evidence to establish his,right
to do so. Some of this is general in its nature, to
the effect that many Filipinos are bad people any-
way, useful principally for targets. It is also in evi-^
dence that the prisoners deserved death because in
the trying march from their homes to their graves
their captors ( had nothing to feed' them, and they
were guilty of saving themselves from death by star
vation by eating roots and leaves, which they did
pot divide with Major Waller and. his soldiers. It;
being a. well "settled article of war that a military
prisoner must share his roots and herbs with his
captors, .under penalty of death, there' will be no
question of the propriety of shooting, these prisoners.
THE developments in', the trial of Major Wal
ler for shooting eleven Filipino prisoners may
well be studied by those who are students of
the various methods of placating that hostile people.
The prisoners who were shot were captured and car
ried a waj' from their village and families by' Major
Waller and his men,^and on arrival at his destination
were by him ordered shot. There are some'imma
terial details in the affair. It is said that the prison
ers were tied up and shot first in the arms and legs
before any, vital part was aimed at to complete the
execution. But war is a killing trade, and those who,
follow it must have practice, so we pass over this.
PLACATING THE . PHILIPPINES.
Since the ."Ministerial Socialists" put forward such
a platform, it ; is safe to assume the radicals will be
satisfied with nothing less than a complete destruc
tion of existing ; France, is -not alto
gether averse to revolutions, 1 but it is safe to* say it
will be a, long time. before her % people feel sufficiently
revolutionary to accept such leadership as that of
the Tours congress. . ';
schools? Whjr should womeri : have no right'to' work
at night ? ' Why ; sKould the .Government of 'France
be vested in. a single. chamber?
UNIQUE AMONG SOCIETY EVENTS ARE
MRS. GEO. GOU LD'S ENTERTAINMENTS
THE SAN FR^iSreiSCO CALL, TUESDAYj APRIL $,> 1902^
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central- s -"The Land of the Living."
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly" and "The Great Unknbwn."
Columbia— "The Cardinal."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "GIsmonda."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee." : •
California — "Sons •of Ham."
Tivoli— "The Fortune Teller."
Maple Room, Palace HoteV— Manila War Palntlrpj.,
Metropolitan Hall^Song Recital to-morrow night. .
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. - '¦'-' 'TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO BAIL.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 7.—
Professor Julius Goebel of the German
department has arranged for a musical
recital to-be given in the university as
sembly hall next Friday - night by the
vocalists. Max Heinrich and Miss Julia
Helnrich, who have ' recently given a
series of successful concerts In San Fran
cisco. They will appear .here under the
auspices of the faculty music committee.
Musical Treat for Stanford.
BENICIA. April 7.— During the storm
last night the steamer Zealandia, which
was used as a Government transport, but
for several months past has been an
chored In the strait between this city and
Martinez, dragged her anchor and drifted
against the wharf at the Agricultural
Works, where she ran aground. 'Ehe crew
got up steam, and, with .the aid of the
high tide this morning, succeeded In get
ting loose and made safely out Into the
channel again. - -
Gale Carries Zealandia Ashore.
The sloop' Fleetwlng, which only a few
hours previously had passed from the pos
session of its old-time owner, George Per
rls, into that of William E. Lingard,
broke away, owing to a defective oak
anchor stock. She drifted against "W. Ol
sen's sloop Maggie L, smashing her own
bowsprit and the Maggie I/s main boom
and bowsprit. . Both boats sustained other
damage. The big sloop Freda' went adrift
and smashed the bowsprit of . the sloop
Discovery, besides severely straining her
own by coming right on top of the Dis
covery's cabin. John v Norby was kept
rowing to and fro In the dark night and
driving storm, putting anchors out to hold
the boats. In this work he was ably •as
sisted by George Perrls.
i Alex J. 'Young's big sloop Clara dragged
her moorings, but luckily fetched up -Just
before colliding with the Corinthian boat
house. W.-C Corbett's sloop Mist broke
away and was carried by the waves high
up. on the Tlburon beach. Her ballast
was luckily out of her and -she did her
self lit tie or no damage. The ark Cas
pian got adrift, but fortunately was
brought up before she had done any harm
to herself or any of the yachts. The
storm did more damage to the Corinthian
fleet than any that has occurred for some
years. Some Idea of the force of the
wind may be gathered from the fact that
an old salt like George Perris was not
successful in rowing around the point on
which the boathouse Is built until his
third attempt. * "¦"-.. ¦ v
Over at Sausallto the cutter Folly broke
away and drifted in a northerly direction,
but luckily clearing the ferry, slip, went
into Richardson Bay. The sloop Occident
of the California Yacht Club, which car
ried away her Jibstay on Sunday after
noon,-was yesterday towed to her moor
ings in Oakland Creek by the launch C. A.
McNeil. The little sloop Amy of the same
club did not get back to her anchorage
near the clubhouse till about 7:30 yester
day morning. The California sloop Hope
had not returned to her moorings yester
day morning, having run for shelter on
Sunday afternoon, and spent the night In
a sheltered spot.
Boatkeeper John Norby says he spent
the most strenuous period of his career as
steward of the Corinthian Yacht Club oh
Sunday night and during the early hours
of yesterday morning. The southwesterly
storm', which lulled somewhat during the
early, part of .Sunday, evening, broke out
with .renewed violence .between 9 and 10
o'clock and for several hours there was
something; doing In TlDuron Cove. The
sloop Genesta broke away from her moor
ings and ran almost on the beach near
McDonough's saloon. The schooner
Bonita, which had got loose and been
made fast early in the day, broke away
again, and ' drifting against the Japanese
laundry j . near the drawbridge. ' carried
away the steps and created a great com
motion among: the Oriental . washermen.
Corinthian Craft Are, Torn
Prom Their Moorings and
Run Amuck.
Yachts Suffer More Than
in Any Other Storm
in Years.
TIBURON IN GRIP
OF SOUTHWESTER
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE: — The high and • lew . waters occur at
the city I front i (Mission-street ' : wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is -the same at both places.
United • States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
, Times and v Heights of High and Low
• Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.'. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY, APRIL.8.
Sun rises.*. ..... . . . : 5:45
Sun sets. . .'.... ..'..-. . ..8:39
Moon sets (new) .0:00 p. m.
LONDON. April 7.— The Earl. of Kimberley,'
Liberal lender in the House of Lords and - for
mer - Foreign ' Secretary, who . has been 1 11 for
some ' tin » past, , suffered a serious relapse this
morning/ i-^\' -_ / ¦.
Branch-rHydrographic Office, IT. S. X., Mer
chants' . Exchange, - San Francisco. Cal..
> April 7. 1902.
» The Time - Ball , on the tower of the . Ferry
building , was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time. . .- • - • ¦
' • _•_ - W.H. BTANDLET.
- Lieutenant;- U.S. -N... In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above 'exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given I In the left
band column and the successive . tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, &s
sometimes . occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, - except wnen s. minus ( >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted frony the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the . lower low waters. »
POINT: LOBOs; April 7, 10 p m— Weather
TELEGRAPHIC.
, LONDON. April 7 — Br ahlp Slleve Roe, from
Antwerp, for Puget Sound, put back to Flush
ing with loss of sails. _ /• . ; --,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Monday, April 7.
- Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen. ¦ Santa Barbara.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen. Guayraas. •
. Stmr Corona, . Shea. Eureka.
Stmi* "Arctic. Reiner. Eureka. .
Stmr Alca—ur, Martin, .
Etmr Lakme. Johnson. Portland. '
' Stmr Alcatraa. Carlson. • — — . .
1 Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson. Hllo.
Ital ship Salvatore Ciampa, Caflero; Queens
town. • ¦-¦'¦' -•.... .. • - . ' .
Fr bark Bayard. Levien." Queenstown. .
Schr'Annle M Campbell, Larsen, Olympla. 9
SAILED.
.,-..... Monday, April 7.
Stmr Curacao, Pauls in, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins &. Co.
Stmr Georze V,' Elder, Randall, 'Astoria: O
R & N Co.- • ¦ • . - ¦ '¦ :
Stmr Santa Cruz. Xicolson, San Pedro;
Goodall. Perkins &. Co. • .
- Runr Corona. • Shea. Eureka; . Goodall. Per
kir-s & Co. ¦ . - -^rrt
Ship. BalcluUia, Bremer. Lording; Alaska
Packers* Assn.
Br ship Dechmont, Els ton. Queenetown; L C
Sheldon.
CLEARED.
. Monday, April 7. g
Stmr Chlco. Jensen, 5% days from Seattle.
Stmr Qualala, Weber, 20 hours from Albion.'
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 61 hours from
Victoria and.Puget Sound ports. . . .:.
Stmr Edith, Hall, 114 hours from Seattle.
• Stmr WestDort. Erickson, C2 hours frtm
Crescent City.
. ¦ Btmr Blval, Olaen, 85 hours from South
Bend. , . .
Br ship Crocodile, Wilson, 98 day* from
Newcastle, NSW. .» '
Barge Santa - Paula, McGovern,-. hours
from Ventura, In tow tug Rescue; up' river
direct. •- '•: .
Bark Olympic, Evans, 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Scbr H C Wricht, Nielsen, 24 days • from
Hana. ' '
Schr Mary C, Camsbell, 77 hours from Bo-'
dcca.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
It is believed that there is a widespread
conspiracy against the Prefect of -Police.
BERLIN, April 7.— The Tageblatt this
evening publishes a dispatch from St.
Petersburg, dated Sunday, April 6, which
reports a third attempt . to assassinate
General Trepoff, the Prefect of Police of
Moscow. While the general was out driv
ing a man, supposed to be ,a student,
sprang on the step of his carriage and
tried to stab the Prefect, but only suc
ceeded In wounding a policeman, who was
seated beside General Trepoff. The would
be assassin was arrested. • •- ¦ ; ' ' .
Trepoff's Carriage and Tries
to Stab Him.
Assassin Springs on Steps of General
LIFE OF RUSSIAN PBEFECT
OF POLICE IS IN DANGEB
2S.0WO lbs dried fruit, 20,002 lbs oil cake
meal, 2480 lbs chocolate, 6018 lbs butter. <W5
lbc cheese, 400 lbs raisins, 4540 lbs malt. 6895
lbs coffee, 2023 lbs tobacco, 1609 lbs seed. 16
ca. 1043 gals wine; 930 lbs tntllstufTs, 463 lbs
starch 951 pigs lead, 174 pigs tin, 31 pes steel
and iron. 300 pkgs fresh fruits and vegetables,
315 gals cocoanut oil. 1140 lbs zinc. 80 cs
canned fruit, 17 cs fuse, 210 tanned . sheep
xklns 232 pkgs paste, 11 pkgs machinery, 35
ca drugs," 20 cs syrup, 135 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 4 cs dry goods, 20 cs axle grease,
34 pkgs hardware.
The steamer Umatilla, which sailed Sunday
for Victoria, carried a general merchandise
cargo destined for the principal British Co
lumbian ports, valued at . $21,125. The cargo
included the following:
Exports' to British Columbia.
Th" British ship Dechmont was cktfred
yeeterday for Queenatown for orders, with 1B - (
719 ctls Wheat; valued at 117,300, and 45,042
ctla Barley, valued at ? 15,1 00. . The vessel car
ried 20,000 ft Lumber as dunnage,' valued at
$300.
Shipment of Wheat.
The British ship Whitlleburn has been re
chartered for wheat on Puget Sound for Eu
rope at 2Cs 3d.
The bark Mauna Ala, -the harkentine 8. G.
Wilder and the schooner W. H. Marston will
load merchandise here for Honolulu.
The bark Levl G. Burgess loads lumber on
Puget Sound for Callao at 40s and the bark
entine Willie R. Hume lumber at Noyo for the
same port at same rate. .
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners ar.d
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship City of Puebla arrived yes
terday from Puget Sound with a large num
ber of passengers. She encountered a heavy
storm on Sunday, but sustained no damage.
On the bar she passed a submerged flshlng
boat which had broken adrift early yesterday
morning from .Jhe upper part of the bay. ¦ ¦
Puebla Arrives From North.
Representative Watson of Indiana,
who is acting as the Republican "whip 1 *
on the Cuban bill, expresses confidence
that the bill will pass.
WASHINGTON. April 7.—Representa
tlve Hay of Virginia, chairman o/ the
Democratic House caucus, to-day. Issued
a call for a conference of Democratic
members on the subject of Cuban re
ciprocity at 8 o'clock to-morrow night.
The call followed a petition, sigrned by
more than twenty-five Democratic mem
bers requesting the conference. The
move caused some agitation on both
sides of the chamber, in connection with
the opening of the debate on the Cuban
bill to-morrow, as it was thought to in
troduce a new element of doubt as to
the final vote on that measure. The~
movement for a conference was under
stood to have been initiated by those on
posed to the bill, with a view to con
centrating the minority in opposition. It
was conceded by the supporters of the
Payne bill that a combination between
the minority and the Republicans who
oppose reciprocity would make the final
issue doubtful.
TJp for Consideration by
Them.
Cuban Keciprocity Bill Will Be Taken
DEIffOCKATIC CONGHZSSl__2r
TO IIEET IET CONFERENCE
cloudy; wind SW, velocity '12. miles per hour.
,- ; DOMESTIC PORTS. ,'.
EUREKA— Arrived 'April"* JP-Schr Fortuna,
hence April .8. *•',»-'" ' »i ¦;' : ;/- ! •>- •--'• a
Sailed April G— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa . Monica, ¦ for San Francisco.
UMPQUA — Arrived . Auril , 7— Schr Dora
Bluhm. from San Pedro. :
TACOMA— Arrived April 7 — Br stmr Ka«
sow, from Seattle; Ital ship Macdlannid, from
Seattle. . . .-. ¦ •: .
8alted April 7 — Stmr Charles Nelson, for San
Pedro. * .
Sailed April 7 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco. - " "¦ ' ', . .
Arrived April 74-Schr J M ; Weatherwax,
hence March 23. - ,
ASTORIA— Arrived April 7— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence April 6. ¦ :.
SEATTLE — Arrived, pril 7 — Br ship Arctic
Stream/ ' from Port Los Angeles. ¦ ' . -
Arrived Aoril 6— Stmr Al-Ki. from Skag
way; stmr Nome City, from Valdez; stmr Dol
phin, for Skajcway. April 7 — Stmr John S
ball, frcm 'San Francisco: Br stmr Arctic,
from Port.— os "Angeles; Br ship Senator, from
Glasjow; stmr Pronreso, from San Francisco.
Sailed April 7 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
ciaco.
PORT ANGELES — In bay April"— US stmr
Grant, Br ship Flngal, barks Challenger and
Chas B Kenny.' • ; • ¦
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived April 7— Schr C
S Holmes, from Santa Rosalia.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed • April 7— Schr Ad
vent, for San Pedro.
PORTLAND — Arrived April 7 — Stmr Aber
deen, from San Francisco; schr John A, from.
San 'Francisco: , schr Lizzie Vance.' from San
Francisco. .
Sailed April 7— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco. • , V
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 7— Stmr Coos
Bay, hence April 4; stmr Brunswick, from
Coos Bay; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
Sailed April 7— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Pawed In April 7 — Bark Prus
sia, hence March 27, for Port Blakeley; schr
Houoipu, hence March ,28, for Port- Blakeley;
schr Wempe Bros, hence March 21, for Bal
lard; schr Wm Renton, from Port Harford, for
Puget Sound; schr John U Tallant, from Hai
phong, for Puget Sound; ship Eclips2, hence
Mttich 22,. for Ladysmlth; Br stmr Victoria,
hence April 4, for Ladysmlth; stmr San Mateo,
hence April 4, for Nanaimo. ¦¦¦ .
TRINIDAD — Sailed April 6 — Stmr Homer,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS j HARBOR — Arrived April S — Schr
Sailor Boy, hence March 30; schr Chas Han
son, hence March 31. April 6— Stmr Newburg.
hence April 3.
NEW WHATCOM — Arrived April 0, 11 :30
p m — Stmr Rainier, hence April 1.
FLATTERY — Passed April 7 — Bark Big
Bonanza, from Acapulco,' for Port Townsend.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed April 0 — Stmr South
Coast, for Sen Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BREMEN— Arrived April 0 — Ger stmr Ne
rala, from Oregon.
. FALMOUTH— Arrived April 6— Br bark Kil
meny, hence Dec 17. April : C — Ger bark
Bchwarzenbek, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 2— Ger ship Hen
riette, hence Dec 15. r April C — Fr bark.Mare
chal Davout, from Oregon. ¦ . •'
Sailed April 1 6— Br ship Semantha, for ' Ore-
QUEENSt6wN— Arrived April 5— Fr bark
Anne de h BretaBne, hence Dec 4, and sailed
for Sharpness; Nor bark Cara, from Tacoma,
and sailed for Blrkenhead. - .
Arrived ' I Aoril ft— Br ehlp Pegasus, hence
Dee 14. April 7 — Ital bark Francisco Ciampa,
hence Nov 20. . • ~ - • .
YOKOHAMA — Arrived ; April 6— Br stmr
Glenogle, from Tacoma. *'
DOVER — Passed -April 2— Ger bark Arte
mis, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia..- ...
CALLAO-7-SaIIed April 3— Nor bark Antigua,*
for Oreron. . ' ' . ¦ . i •
CARDIFF— Sailed April 6— Br.shlp Cam
brian Hills, for Vancouver. ;•> / ,
MORORAN— Sailed April 4— Br, stmr Vent
nor, for San Francisco. - - • <¦ - - . .
-CAPE TOWN— Arrived April 7— Ship W H
Macy. from Port Gamble. •
AUCKLAND — Sailed April 5, 6 p m — Stmr
Sonoma. . for San Francisco.
ALGIERS— Sailed. April 4 — Br stmr Oopack,
for London. • " : • • -" " - - . .
SHANGHAI— Arrived AarU C— Bktn Aurora,
from'Tftcoma. ¦
. FLEETWOOD— Arrived "April . 6--Br ship
Ell Island, hence Nov 7.
HONGKONG — Sailed April 5— Stmr Olym
nla.' for Tacoma.
- HIOGO' — Sailed ; April : &— Br stmr '. Yangtse,
for Seattle. _ - ' .;
NANAIMO— Bailed April 7 — Dtuch stmr Fol
mlna. for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER. B C— Sailed Aoril T— Br «tmr
Athenian, for Hongkong.. _'V--.' ¦
VICTORIA — Arrived April i — Br stmr Prin
cess May. from Skagway ; Br stmr Boscowltz.
from Fraser River.:- '¦¦
• j. :. r'-. OCEAN- STEAMERS. \ .<".-,
' GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aaril 6— Stmr - Kai
serin Maria Theresa, from New. , York, for
Naples and Genoa, v f»;ii*afcsaynfciia ~Sja,>Aw**s
Sailed April 0 — Stmr AUer, from Genoa and
Nnples, for New York. , . - ; .,-
CHERBOURG' — 8alled April 7 — Stmr
Moltke, from New .York, via 'Plymouth, for
Hambunr- ' '¦•¦ ' ¦> •
ANTWERP— Arrived April 7 — Stmr .Haver
ford, from New York. ¦. , -
- PLYMOUTH — Sailed April 7—Stmr'Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg and Boulogne, . for , New
York. • •• ¦"¦.-¦¦".-¦. '• ¦•¦'¦¦.¦• ... .,.•-.._-• -
- ¦ PORTLAND — Arrived April C— Stmr Domin
ion, from Liverpool. - »?J>y^a) ffljIMm ' ljmp»wtat
-HALIFAX. N S-^Arrived April 7— Stmr Cor
inthian, i from Liverpool. ¦'-._> . -
The army transport Crook was towed to the
navy yard on Sunday. She WiU be overhauled
before making another trip . to Manila. She
is scheduled to sail April 20. ,
Crook Goes to Navy Yard.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Gae
lic will sail to-day with a full list of pas
sengers, but a light cargo.' Of general mer
chandiso fhe Gaelic will carry about the usual
Quantity, but the BDace^- usually. occupied -by
'flour-will be filled with ballast. -Flour ship- 1
merits to the Orient have fallen oft very con
siderably ¦ or late. The i City of • PeklnB. .- the
last Oriental steamship to sail, carried a very
small amount and, like the Gaelic.' was obliged
to take quite a little ballast. . Admiral Evans.
Mrs. Evans, Miss Evans and Miss Taylor wlU
be passengers on the liner.
Gaelic Sails To-Day.
TWO BRITISH VESSELS THAT
WERE DRIVEN TOGETHER
BY SUNDAY NIGHT'S STORM.
THE storm that raged Sunday night
and continued with considerable
violence until an" early hour yes
terday morning left comparative
ly little damage In its wake. The
British ship Drummuir lost her bowsprit
as the result of being fouled by the tramp
steamship Kirkdale, and the lighter used
to carry the big guns being installed on
the .fortifications at Point Bonita is still
ashore at Lime Point. The schooner San
Buena Ventura, which was lying at an
chor without a soul aboard, went adrift
during the night, fouled and carried away
both buoys marking the wreck of the May
Flint. Schooner and bouys brought up
near, the Alameda shore. The' gasoline
schooner Newark fouled the whistling
buoy located near the May Flint wreck
and was cleared with difficulty. . <
armament of the Spanish vessel Maria
Teresa in connection with her capture oft
Santiago. ' ' ¦ . -,-
Eef uses to Dismiss the Case.
i WASHIXGTON\ April 7.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day refused to
prant the motion to dismiss the case of
Admiral Sampson, In which he seeks . to
recover prize money for the guns and
When the balloting had been completed
it was announced that Allison, Boot,
Sayre, White an^ Taylor had been elect
ed. Boot is a member of the present
board of directors. Sayre and White have
belonged to a former board. Of the re
maining two gentlemen, Allison, it may
be said, will undoubtedly succeed Kear
ney in the presidency.
When the meeting assembled in the
afternoon, it was announced that a num
ber of candidates for the directorship
had > withdrawn. Balloting then com
menced, and for a time the house was in
an uproar. The fight had by this time
virtually concentrated ,upon C. Gaines.
Robert Boot, T. C. White, G. W. Wyllie
D. D. Allison, F. M. Cook of Orosi, A. ._!
Sayre of Madera and A. V. .Taylor of
Hanford.. Kearney, and s. his . faction
eeemed.-enticely out the. :race. i His
forces had congregated in the gallery in
the morning^as-Ohoueh. desiring^to take
no part in the.. meeting,, and numbered
just sixty-two men.
Kearney Is Snowed Under.
A. storm arose as to whether or not
any more names should be added to the
list. Judge Fairweather of Reedley took
the stand and was greeted with cries of
\'sit down." But the Judge stayed with
it and put in a strong appeal for har
mony. It was anally decided to allow as
many names to be voted on as the grow
ers cared to nominate, and again the
name of M. Theodore Kearney was put
In nomination. This time Kearney
permitted his name to stay.
ML Theodore Kearney, P. G. Goode,
Hector Burness and George P. Bev
eriage were pjit up by the Kearney
ticket. As soon as tellers were elected
the growers started in a ' rush for the
balloting table. The chairman finally
succeeded In obtaining order and at last
put a motion that an adjournment be
taken until 1:30 o'clock this afternoon, to
auow the clerks to register the growers
present and the proxies.
"I desire to say that I cannot accept
a nomination on the platform of. the
committee of fifteen. If another plat
form be chosen embodying the plan of a
growers' packing association I am will
ing to work with you and fight it out on
those lines."
M. J. Lay mance of Oakland j presented
A Jist of twenty names of association
members nominated for the board of di
rectors. Immediately afterward a mo
tion was made . that . nominations- be
closed, but several nominations were
made before the motion could be put.
Among the names was that of President
Kearney, who immediately arose and
shouted above the babel:
Nominations for Directors.
At 10:45 o'clock this morning Armory
Hall "was filled when President Kearney
rapped for order. The president at first
expressed doubt as to there being a quo
rum, but | at last consented to raise no
question as to 'a" sufficient number being
present. The spirit of . the meeting
seemed decidedly anti-Kearney, and sev
eral • times derisive cries , greeted the
president when he made a suggestion.
The most marked- demonstration 1 came
when Kearney arose to read his annual
address. He had barely started ..> when
some one arose and moved . that the ad
ores* be laid upon the table. Kearney
declared the motion out of order, but the
decision - was appealed from and the
president "was iinally forced to abandon
his address, with a majority, of- fully
four-ntths of the growers against him.
FRESNO, April 7.— The California Rai
sin Growers' Association met in this
city to-day, with an attendance of more
than 800 members, and elected directors
for the ensuing year. . The meeting was
a decided victory for the enemies of
President Kearney, . who ~ was "turned
down" on almost, every question- he
brought before the convention. .. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The conference therefore adjourned and
the strike of. 10,000 miners goes on, with
no immediate prospect of settlement. The
district officers say that General Manager
Robinson must come to them the next
timo for settlement.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The employes of
the American Can Company in this city,
to the number of 4000. went on strike to
day. The . men struck because Viey ob
jected to making out a detailed statement
of their work every flay.
DUBOIS, Pa., April 7.— The district offi
cers of the United Mine Workers and del
egates from the mines' of the Rochester
and PIttsburg Iron and Coal Company to
day rejected the Indianapolis agreement
reached last Friday by their national ex
ecutive board and General Manager Rob
inson of the Rochester and Pittsburg
Company. The conference to-day between
the district officers, the delegates and
llobinson was held at Punxsutawney.
After Robinson had submitted the
agreement reached at Indianapolis, which
stipulated that th« miners should push
car» one way, this being a recession from
their demand fpr. tnule' haulage both
ways, the miners absolutely • refused to
accept the terins named and Robinson
Jinahy .stated .yiat heiiad.no turther offer
t-J make. •
Membsrs Even Refuse to Lis
ten to Retiring' Presi
. .dent's Address^
Terms of Strike Settlement
Reached on Friday Are
Not Satisfactory.
Refuse to Indorse Action
of National Execu
tive Board.
of Raisin Growers'
Association.
Take From Him Control
MINERS REJECT
THE AGREEMENT
KEARNEY'S FOES
ARE VICTORIOUS
THE, SAN FR___>CISCOV CALL, TTJESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902. *
British Ship Drummuir Loses ! Her Bpw^ Encounter With
the Steamship Kirkdale '.and;- ! Bote Wreck of
. the May Flint Are Carried Away by Runa\vay Craft
TOTAL DAMAGE DONE BY THE STORM
AMOUNTS TO COMPARATIVELY LITTLE
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Colombia./'..
Argo...
Pleiades.....
Ban ta Ana...
Arcata
O. Dollar....
Alliance.....
Acapulco. ...
Crenceiu City
R.\ Dollar....
Coos Bay:...
Tcllus
Corona
Point Arena. .
, North Fork..
.Columbia: . .'.
Bpokane. ....
O. Llndauer. ".
Corcnado. ...
Folmlna.....
Eureka......
Czarlra.. . .'. .
Rainier..;...
Newburg.'. ..
Queen.....:.
J. S. Klmball
State of Cal.:
Santa Crux. .
Pomona
Alameda. .
China........
G. W. Elder/.
Tucapel
Umatllla....
San Juan
Neko........
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Ferndale & Eel River. .
Seattle .\
Seattle ! & Tacoma. .....
Coos Bay & Port Orf ord
Grays Harbor. .
Portland & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City
San Pedro
San Pedro & Way Ports.
Oyster Harbor.
Humboldt
Point Arena
Humboldt
Portland '& Astoria
Ban Diego & Way Ports
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Nanalmo
Humboldt .'.....,
Seattle & Tacoma
Seattle & Wbatcom ....
Grays Harbor ....*.
Puget ' Sound Ports. . . . .
Seattle & Tacoma......
San Diego & Way Ports
Newport & Way Ports..
Humboldt
Honolulu
China & Japan
Portland & Astoria....
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Pujjet Sound Ports
Panama & Way Ports..
Hamburg via West Coast
Apr. S
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 9
Apr. 8
Apr. 9
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 11
Apr. 11*
Apr. 11
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. It
Apr. 12
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 1.1
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 18
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
Phoenix. . . .
Empire....
Argo..:....
Santa Cruz.
U. Klder. . .
Gaelic...
City Sydne>
Arcata. . . . .
Hermonthls
Eureka....
Chehahs...
Rival......
State Cal..
a; Dollar. .
Alliance...
Colombia..
Sierra.....
Santa Ana.
Despatch..
City Fuebla
April 8.
Mendoclno City ....] 3 pm|Pler 13
Coos Bay 12 mjPler w
Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm|Pier 2
Newport * Way r la U *nii±-i«r U
Astoria & Portland|ll amjPler 24
China & Japan ....] 1 pmjPMSS
April 0. f I •
Panama A Way Pts 12 m PM83
Coos Bay & Ft Orfd 12 zn Pier 13
Hamburg & Way.. 12 mfs. W. 2
Humboldt » am Pier 13
Grays Harbor . . . V Pier —
Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
San Diego & Way., v amijfler U
April 10. I
Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm|Pler 2
Portland & Way Pts 10 am|Pler 16
Valparaiso & Way. Vi m Pier 10
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 1
Seattle Sc Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 11.
Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm Pier 10
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
April 12.
Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 13.
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Humboldl i) am| Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am I Pier 24
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
April 14.
Grays Harbor. 5 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier : 2
¦ April 15. ¦ • ; ¦
China & Japan.....] 1 pm PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma . . 6 pm Pier 8
April 10. .
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle AN. What. 6 pm Pier 2
. April 17. ,
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier' 2
Pomona....
Ft. -Arena. .
Coos Bay. .
Spokane...
iMjrtti Fork.
Columbia..
Corcnado. .
G.C.Llnd'er
NewburB.. .
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
Queen
Rainier....
J.S.Klmb'll
Steamer.
For.
Ball*.
Al-Kl..
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo.......
Bertha. .....
Santa Ana.'. .
Cottage City.
City Seattle. .
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. S
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 9
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cooks Inlet & Way Fts. Apr. 15
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 10
Rkagway & Way Ports. Apr. 16
Skagway & Way Porta.JApr. 17
O Time ¦ : Time '¦ r ~-
R. Ft Ft.
• L W H W
7 4:21 10:64 To
8 6:05 0.511:46 6.1
9 5:49 0.1 12: 4« 4.0
H W L W -
10 0:0H 5.5 6:38—0.1
11 0:46 5.4 7:31 —0.2
12 1:32 6.3 8:29 — 0.1
13 2:2S 6.1 9:31 0.0
14 3:31 ; 4.9 10:39 0.2
Tlmo Time
Ft. Ft..
L W H W
4:84 1.610:85 ~B~4
6-14 1.7 11:29 5.5
6:63 2.1
H W L W
1:36 4.8 6:40 S.4
2:37 - 4.6 7:28 2.B
3:41 4.5 8:26 J.8
4:50 4.6 0:39 3.0
I 5:6B . 4.eU:00 3.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Colombia./'..
Argo...
Pleiades.....
Ban ta Ana...
Arcata
O. Dollar....
Alliance.....
Acapulco. ...
Crenceiu City
R.\ Dollar....
Coos Bay:...
Tcllus
Corona
Point Arena. .
, North Fork..
.Columbia: . .'.
Bpokane. ....
O. Llndauer. ".
Corcnado. ...
Folmlna.....
Eureka......
Czarlra.. . .'. .
Rainier..;...
Newburg.'. ..
Queen.....:.
J. S. Klmball
State of Cal.:
Santa Crux. .
Pomona
Alameda. .
China........
G. W. Elder/.
Tucapel
Umatllla....
San Juan
Neko........
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Ferndale & Eel River. .
Seattle .\
Seattle ! & Tacoma. .....
Coos Bay & Port Orf ord
Grays Harbor. .
Portland & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports.
Crescent City
San Pedro
San Pedro & Way Ports.
Oyster Harbor.
Humboldt
Point Arena
Humboldt
Portland '& Astoria
Ban Diego & Way Ports
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Nanalmo
Humboldt .'.....,
Seattle & Tacoma
Seattle & Wbatcom ....
Grays Harbor ....*.
Puget ' Sound Ports. . . . .
Seattle & Tacoma......
San Diego & Way Ports
Newport & Way Ports..
Humboldt
Honolulu
China & Japan
Portland & Astoria....
Valparaiso & Way Ports
Pujjet Sound Ports
Panama & Way Ports..
Hamburg via West Coast
Apr. S
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 9
Apr. 8
Apr. 9
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 11
Apr. 11*
Apr. 11
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. It
Apr. 12
Apr. 13
Apr. 13
Apr. 1.1
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 18
Apr. 17
Apr. 18
Apr. 19
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Pier.
Phoenix. . . .
Empire....
Argo..:....
Santa Cruz.
U. Klder. . .
Gaelic...
City Sydne>
Arcata. . . . .
Hermonthls
Eureka....
Chehahs...
Rival......
State Cal..
a; Dollar. .
Alliance...
Colombia..
Sierra.....
Santa Ana.
Despatch..
City Fuebla
April 8.
Mendoclno City ....] 3 pm|Pler 13
Coos Bay 12 mjPler w
Ferndale & Eel Rlv. 4 pm|Pier 2
Newport * Way r la U *nii±-i«r U
Astoria & Portland|ll amjPler 24
China & Japan ....] 1 pmjPMSS
April 0. f I •
Panama A Way Pts 12 m PM83
Coos Bay & Ft Orfd 12 zn Pier 13
Hamburg & Way.. 12 mfs. W. 2
Humboldt » am Pier 13
Grays Harbor . . . V Pier —
Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
San Diego & Way., v amijfler U
April 10. I
Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm|Pler 2
Portland & Way Pts 10 am|Pler 16
Valparaiso & Way. Vi m Pier 10
Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 1
Seattle Sc Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April 11.
Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pm Pier 10
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
April 12.
Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 13.
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Humboldl i) am| Pier 2
Astoria & Portland. 11 am I Pier 24
Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
April 14.
Grays Harbor. 5 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier : 2
¦ April 15. ¦ • ; ¦
China & Japan.....] 1 pm PMSS
Seattle & Tacoma . . 6 pm Pier 8
April 10. .
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle AN. What. 6 pm Pier 2
. April 17. ,
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier' 2
Pomona....
Ft. -Arena. .
Coos Bay. .
Spokane...
iMjrtti Fork.
Columbia..
Corcnado. .
G.C.Llnd'er
NewburB.. .
H. K. Maru
Czarina....
Queen
Rainier....
J.S.Klmb'll
Steamer.
For.
Ball*.
Al-Kl..
Dolphin......
Dlrlgo.......
Bertha. .....
Santa Ana.'. .
Cottage City.
City Seattle. .
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. S
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 9
Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cooks Inlet & Way Fts. Apr. 15
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 10
Rkagway & Way Ports. Apr. 16
Skagway & Way Porta.JApr. 17
O Time ¦ : Time '¦ r ~-
R. Ft Ft.
• L W H W
7 4:21 10:64 To
8 6:05 0.511:46 6.1
9 5:49 0.1 12: 4« 4.0
H W L W -
10 0:0H 5.5 6:38—0.1
11 0:46 5.4 7:31 —0.2
12 1:32 6.3 8:29 — 0.1
13 2:2S 6.1 9:31 0.0
14 3:31 ; 4.9 10:39 0.2
Tlmo Time
Ft. Ft..
L W H W
4:84 1.610:85 ~B~4
6-14 1.7 11:29 5.5
6:63 2.1
H W L W
1:36 4.8 6:40 S.4
2:37 - 4.6 7:28 2.B
3:41 4.5 8:26 J.8
4:50 4.6 0:39 3.0
I 5:6B . 4.eU:00 3.1
NEW ADVEBTISE-TBNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*C_ _T i_l J7 mh\ ¥r% mm _3 _i _
Evenings 'at J& Sharp. Matinee Saturday at 3
Sharp.
AN ENORMOUS SUCX_SS»
• , . The Universal Verdict. *:
" ALICE NEILSEN'S SPLENDID OPERA.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
NEVER BEFORE HERE AT
POPULAR PRICES. 25c. 80c *nd 78o
Telephone Bush 0.
ALL- /'FRISCO" ' SMILES ONCE MORE.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
I — — — — ¦ .. — |
— SPECIAL MATINEE — MAT.
I— THURSDAY. — SAT.
— POPULAR PRICE8. — AT 2.
. Hurtlgr and Seamon Present
Williams & Walker
And Own Company In the Musical Hit.
SONS OF HAiY\.
NEXT MONDAY— April 21, .
MR. JAMES NEIL— and THE NEIL— CO.
Regular subscriber*' seats ready this Thurs-
day, 0 a.m. Single leat sale begins Thursday.
April 17, 9 a. m.
Columbia ass
Powell Street, near Market,
Biliii
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT.
A New Play by Louis N. Parker. Entitled,
"THE CARDINAL"
NEXT MONDAY MR. E. S. WILLARD wlU
present for the first time here,
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORT."
By J. M. Barrie. author of "The Llttla
Minister."
PRICES |2. $1.80. $1, TSc. SOc and Ms)
LOOK :^AT THE NAMES!
Marie Wainwright and Company; Tha
Clipper Quartet; James H. Cullen;
Homer Lind and Company; Fred
Stuber; Papinta; Gorman and
Keppler, and _ Ir. and _£rs. Dre-w,
in "The Tellow Dragon."
Reserved Seats/ 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 60c.
Belasco _ Than. Managers.
' Curtain rises this week at 8 o'clock sharp.
. TO-NIGHT— A__ THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ? AND SUNDAT.
EXTRAORDINARY DOUBLE BILL!
David Belasco' s Famous Japanese Tragedy,
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by Augus tin. Daly's Superb Comedy,
TBE fiREAT UNKNOWN.
, Secure Your Seats In Advance..
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. SOc and 75c
Next .Week— "WHY SMITH LEFT HOMg."
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
A Sensational Melodrama " of Wonderful
Romance and Thrilling Incident, THE
LAND OF
THE LIVING.
Comedy. Pathos and Heart Interest.
DDirCC Evenings .10c to 0<V»
r_lV-d Matinees 10c, 15c. 2So
Next Week— "DANGERS OF A GREAT CXXTV
GRANDS
-PACKED AGAIN -AST NIGHT—-* • _
Continued Success of Our $1000 Star, _|
MELBOURNE MAGDOWELL,
Supported by FL ORENCK STONB, j
In Sardou's Most Powerful Play, J
«*QISMONDA."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c. TSa
. -Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 28c
NEXT WEEK.. ¦_—."B_X>OBA'«
| FISCHER'S TMATER
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Street*.
¦ ¦ Telephone Mala 231.
OVERWHELMING ~TT". LIKE A
SUCCESS! :: THUNDERBOLT]
NOTHING -IKE IT IX YEARS.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
People stood 'uj> and shouted. Encores until
they tired. A laugh every minute.
And the crowd went home
laughing.
GREATEST PLAY, CAST, SCENERY. SPEC-
IALTIES NOVELTIES
That Have Yet Been Offered.
Now Get Seats Quick.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND" SUNDAY.
Night Prices— 25c and 50c./ Matinees— 23c to
any place. Children at Matinees — lOc-J
gl^^RACING
«^p^=*r_ray Every Week Day _
tsr . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Saa Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. con_Ktin*;
with trains stopping at the entrance to U— >
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Boy your
ferry tickets to Shell Monad. All trains vU
Oakland. mole connect wit— San Pablo avcaa*
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect witn San Pablo avenue ears at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric e_r»
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning — Trains leave the track at *:13
and 4:*i p. mT_ad immediately after to* last
race. : "- .**"••¦
THOMAS H. WILLIAM- JR.. PrestdesC
CHAR-ES T. PRICE.- Secy, and Mgr.
PALACE DOTEJL^^orwdor.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
From 10 a. m. to Midnight. Daily.
First Time in America of the Great Manila
War Paintings by SANTOS GONZALES,
the Eminent Philippine Artist
•THE SURRENDER OF MANILA"
'•SALUTING THE WOUNDED."
Pronounced Masterpieces by Connoisseurs.
ADMISSION. 50c. Cm-PR— N. 25c
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes ; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
Pear*' Soap established over 100 years.
Remington *3s d %°*:
Typewriters %&$?£&
_, . — . . roaranteed by
ON P F N T A L * onrsnperiorfa-
tmmmm — — m ______——^ — — "i —^ • ura | interest In
I the rcrictatlon of our machine. ¦ •: ;
WYCKOFF,SEAMANS&BENEDICT
211 Wontgomery St., S. F.
Tel. Main 87.
CLEANLY WOMAK*. "
Erroneously Thinks by Scouring Her
Scalp That She Cores Dandruff.
Cleanly. -woman has an erroneous Idea
that by scouring the scalp which re-
moves the dandruff scales, she Is 5 curing
the dandruff. She may wash her scalp
etary day, and yet have dandruff her
life long, accompanied by falling: hair,
too.' >The only way -in the world to
cure dandruff is -to kill the dandruff
germ, and there is no ; hair preparation
that will "do that but! Newbro's Herpi-
clde. Herpielde killing the dandruff
germ, leaves the hair free to grow as
healthy Nature Intended. Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect. Kill tha
dandruff germ, with Herpicide.
1 ¦ ¦ . ' ~™
Teeth Without Plates
for the cost of the material. All work
guaranteed. . Open Sundays and even-
ings. Extraction Free. .- v
POST-GRADUATE "DENTAL C0LLE6E,
8 Taylor st.,' cor. Golden Gate aye.
For Stomach Disorders* ,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
¦ VjCHY
Best NATURAL Alkalinel Water
220 BROADWAT. N. T.
Pjlijipp Desirable location,
1 UlUVV unsurpassed h cuisine,
. one qualed ier-
5lfin vice 'and modern
UllU conveniences are the
_ attribotcs that have
fifQfl/i* made these two bo-
ll Id 11 II tels popular with
' '^ tourists and travel-
HAf/iie' en who visit Saa
iii/lWlj Francisco.
HEINRICWS
¦ FAREWELL SONS RECITALS
TO-MORROW NIGHT— SATimDAT ATTER-
t NOON.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
BEATS NOW ON SA_E ; SHERMAN. C_AT
5Oc— AND— *T5o.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMMES.
_9c^v_i____l__
_K— 1^2 __fex_E^^s gy*j^jS | fl ¦ jL_ CJ
__J_B_P— _T ff^^C H^M — 1 M 2ft
__HMB%___r I E&^M _5_P9
_H___5_sF I dSSSl*V_3L *• F°^ji
s1gk;beadmke
Positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
——ting. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Month, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable..
6m_JI Pil!,_. Small Dose.
-¦%« €5maII ; Price.
S aperior to A plol, T— — y, Perm jroyaJ or SteeL
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. x
Apiol!ne Capsules for three months cost $2.
Drnsgist or P. O. Box 2081, New York ,
—
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
i iOSEOH OF ANATOMY f
i 1 * Q) irnmnTci.tet.e_*7-,s.?.c_,i :
if • The Largest A_lo_i— 1 Museum in the \
I !!¦"_¦¦_ *'«'_ Heaksestei at any cmuracted A
V S_ _A *»«« r*a*U«Rlyc_r*4bj'tlieolileft W
O fg^Q I S>pe<— iisl on the Cout. ExL 36 y ears. Q
0 tf^L 8 0R * JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I 61t?5o Comultation free ai_ sttirdy priTSte. \
V 1 _?<!? H Tr »* T ~ <:nl perjonalljr or by Inter. Afl
f I W M *\ Fcmnit Cttrt — ere— case iwdenakea. \
iffi nO Write fw Book, pni-oaorny or _
f I f IIT B--_IAC_. MAIL— S FXCE. ( Af
1 o _¦ valuable book for mm) \
£ DEL Jon DA > A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. P. 9
ELECTRIC BELT
J20. Guaranteed
jU)3&* genuine. Power-
-ii'wi fuI «*rr«n_ Latest Im-
«Ej?f provements. It cures
<uar without medldne. Not
sold by scents or druggists. No discounts.
Fr*« toj mail on reoeipt of price. Circulars
free. A«k for the "Dr. Alden Electric
B«lt." Call or adSre«s the PIERCE
EI-ECTRIC CO.. 2OO Post. St.. S. F.
DR. HALL'S -EINYIG0RAT0EJR5TRI
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five fctjJ— iO*fi
hundred reward for any case we SSI '_¦&
cannot cure. This secret rera- B - - ra
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. &RJ B553
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, RtS !"*m
Btrictures, Drains, Lost Man- ij'ijt tMjl
h.xxl and all other wasting ef- S^3 I&M
fccr« of self -abuse cr excesses. ¦_**"¦ ¦:..'^
Bent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, S3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 856- Broad-
war Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073*4
Market et.. S. F. Send for free book.
_ _<umJi_*W K* « U » noa-poto onorm
C_T~ —-"1 "* ¦—^i-_Q remedy for Gonorrhoea.
- —HIBBi Gle«t. Spermatorrhoea,
JSaSf CURES \Si Whltaa, nnnataral d_!
ftcgf hi u » 4aya. W cnartrea, or aay laflamnjt-
ctStv Os_ — >w*4 _ ** tion, irritation or clcera-
fr- t r— net Tini'irira. " oa °' IB u c o o s mem-
>_ aq_ CB.— . _f_>T try express, prepaid, for
hi rfpTTl i lco > or TbottlM, *2.tj.
>HS_^yC r\jP H [ Circular sent on request.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKS AND PIG IRON.
J f ftTI R Ci 9CO B*tury Street.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JASBOYES-CO gJrsJFuShgZ
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3,
4—1 Frost st.. 6. F. Phone Main 17111.
_________ "
ECflDGBES. m^S_. E Jha.r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
TBE HIC__-JUDD CO..
S3 First street. San Frs,n_tc_
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEETtSEMEETTS.The Old Humpbacks
Are not to be compared to our new pat
ent back, flat-opening blank books, which
cost no more than the old style and are
Infinitely 'better. All kinds of commer
cial printing done to order at the most
reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail £ Co.,
741 Market street. :,;:'¦ •
John P. Bergin. safe and lock expert
for the United States Treasury Depart
znent, arrived yesterday to attend tha
trial of Walter N. Dimmlck on the charge
of having stolen 130,000 from the United
States Mint In this city. Mr. Bergin waa
sent out to this city by the Treasury De
partment several months ago to examine
the lock of the Mint safe.
"Lock Expert Eergin Arrives.
Otto Gildemeister Refused B«eistry.
B. T. Chamberlain, . Commissioner of
Navigation, Informed Customs Collector
North yesterday that the ship Otto Gilde
meister-had been refused American reg
istry because it had not been shown that
ehe was wrecked'in American waters.
Evelyn Mars , was booked ¦; at i the ' City,
Prison yesterday on a charge '-of .burglary
for breaking into "the" flat of Mis3 ' An
r-ette Marshall, 531 Golden Gafe""a"venue
The complaint was sworn to before Judge
Mogan by Detective ' Harry Reynolds be
cause Miss , Marshall had • declined - to" do
so.': The case will be ' called . in : court this
morning, - when Miss " Marshall • will ; have
the opportunity of explaining to the Judge
why she will not prosecute
Evelyn Mars Is Charged.
J. Druskin, harness-maker, 940 Folsom
street, whose wife eloped about five "weeks
agoNwith J. Stein, a friend of the family,
laking""with them Abe, Druskin's eight
year-old boj'. reported to the police head
quarters, yesterday that he was willing
to give a reward of $250 for the recovery
or the boy.. He says he has no desire to :
see his wife again, but wants his eon *
There are three other sons, the eldest'lC
years of age.
Wants His Child Back.
Thirty, officers from the /army . medical
school , at Washington, i>. :. C, ; will , arrive
in this city en route to the Philippines
during the current month^ ,Theprison at
Alcatraz has been condemned by* the "In
specting officer of I, the department and
plans for a new structure , are" well under
way. Captain W. H. Wilson of the medi
cal department has been, relieved from
duty at Fort McDowell and will. Eail for
Manila' . on -. the -.transport , Sherman "on
April 16. ' . ' ..'¦¦"¦ ';---., — ' -
News ' in- Army Circles.
*-The~ department "directs i that you \ do
•whatever may be practicable and proper
under the existing laws in the way of re
stricting the' exportalon ' of arms-.: and
warlike material to China for use 'against
a nation with which the United States is
at peace and to the injury of foreigners,
including citizens of the United States,
found in China." . - -, , ' .
Customs Collector Stratton received . a
letter yesterday from;- O. I». ' Spaulding,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,[ad
vising him of'the fact that the protocol
with China dated September 7, 1901, pro
hibits the importation" of arms and am
munition Into China, and proceeds to- say
. that . insurrectionary movements : are fla
grant in the southern -provinces of China
and that the insurgents are deriving sup
plies of arms and warlike ' materials from
abroad. . The writer adds: - . - ¦• ';<-.f ¦-;>.
Be Allowed to Be
' s Shipped.', ..
No Arms or Munitions of War Will
WATCHING CHINESE " REBELS '
PLOTTING IN ¦ AMERICA
I The i case of Leonard Marks, .a machin
ist, charged with assault to murder, cohi
.jnitte*»upon . Mrs. Minnie : L. - . Calvin, " . a
widow, living at 812 Dolores street, be
cause she refused to marry him, was dls.
missed by Judge Cabanlss yesterday. Mrs.
Calvin said she did not .want to prosecute
the case, and the. Judge in dismissing it
advised Marks to y go \ wooing with' a
woman about his. own age and keep away
from drink, otherwise he might get hlm
self into serious trouble.. f • \
Mrs. Calvin's Wooer Cautioned.
Second edition — Chorus, "Dora," Dora, I
Adore Her." "Oh, Mrs.- Carter," introducing
Lloyd Spencer (bones). and Klton Lambert (tam
bo); William H. Brown (basso), "Asleep in the
Deep"; "He's Up Against the Real Thing
Now." Lloyd . Spencer; Mike Scanlon (contra
tenor), "When the Bhje" Sky Turns to Gold."
*s8iBted by the Manhattan Quartet— Harry
Coleman (Iim tenor), F. Scanlon (second tenor).
G. Sweeny (first bass), R. Davis (second
bass); "I Hates to Get Up Early In the Morn."
Klton Lambert; finale, "My Curly-headed
"Babby.* solo ; by Thomas . Nowlan (barytone)
assisted by the double male octet. ,
Overture, orchestra; march, "On Duty"'
opening: chorus, "Creole Belle," introducing
Calvin Dlx in manipulations of the baton* the
pickaninny dancers; Johnson and Williamson
and the Golden City Minstrels J Double Male
Octet. First edition — •"Grade,". "Oh, Mrs
Carter," presenting the Manhattan Quarleti
•"Whoa, Mule, Whoa"; bones — Will Murray and
Henry Osthoff; tambos — Robert S. Roberts and
Morris Parent, . witft Will H. Brown officiating
as Interlocutor; George F. Keane (tenor),
"Adieu, Marie"; "I Ain't Got No More Than
I Really Need," Wi'l Murray; Reginald Keene
(barytone), "Saved From the Storm"; Richard
H. Hunt (tenor), "Every Rose Must Have Its
Thorn"; "I've Got Company and You Can't
Come In," Roberts. Roberts. ¦;-••¦¦ ' •
Councils 1, 2 and 3 of the Young Ladles-
Institute 'are making extensive prepara
tions for the minstrel . performance to be
given under their auspices by the Golden
City Minstrels at . Odd Fellows' Hall on
Friday evening, April 11.
The entertainment promises to be ex
cellent In every detail, as the perform
ers are clever . In their Individual lines
The first part. is made up of a fine pro
gramme of the latest songs and newest
jokes. . The programme follows: . :
Will Present a Clever Minstrel
Performance.
Three Branches of the Organization
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE
TO GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
Opium Resort Raided.'*'-
Sergeant j Kelly arid - posse .raided the
Baltimore House,, the notorious opium
smoking joint on- Bush street," about 2
o'clock yesterday morning and. arrested
William Wilson, the keeper, and twenty
nine visitors. Each person . arrested - had
an additional charge of vagrancy booked
against him. The cases were divided be
tween Judges Fritz and Mogan and all
were continued. All the defendants were
released on bail. ¦-- .
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions' in Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as ! follows: George 8. Madison, railroad
brakeman, Red * Bluff,, liabilities -$37a, no
assets; : Edward Early, farmer, LathroD
liabilities $3935, no .assets. p '
The "trial of "Thomas - Hogan .on the
charge : of assault to murder was com
menced before a ! jury ' on ' Judge' Dunne's
court yesterday. There are a large num
ber: of witnesses to'be examined. Hogan
is, accused by Policeman F. Callahan of
shooting at him on September 1 at Second
and Bryant streets during the late strike.
Thomas Carrs, -John McKeever and
Charles Carroll are also charged with the
same offense. . ,' ' ¦ -
Eo gan's Trial Commenced.
The ' United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the examinations
scheduled for April 2, 1902, for the po
sitions of- chemist, physiological chem
ist and analytical chemist will not be
held, but that the examinations for the
positions in the Philippines named below
will be held on-May 6 and 7, 1902, at San'
Francisco' and :other places: Agricultural
chemist, salary first year $1500; -analyti
cal .chemist," $1500 per annum; physical
chemist, first year $1800; physiological
chemist, : first year $1800; pharmacologist,
first year $1800. Age limits for these ex
aminations are 18 to 40 years. Persons
who vdesire to compete should apply to
the United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, or to the secre
tary of the local board of examiners,
post office 1 , for application forms 304 and
375, which should be filed with the com
mission at the ¦« earliest practicable date
TJ. S. Civil Service Examinations.
-Convicted .and paid fine, 318; convicted
and confined, j nine; dismissed, flfty-ono;
pending, - one. The total fines' and for
feitures amounted to $2250. The squad
consists of ' Policemen P. E. Richter,
John J.' Tillman,. J. H. Tyrrell and J. M.
Barry. •• . : ¦'
Sergeant M. J. Conboy submitted his
report of the work of the sjquad for the
month from March 6 to April 6 to Chief
Wlttman yesterday. . It ' Is ; one 'of *the most
satisfactory in point of fines and arrests
since this- squad was " detailed for that
duty over a year ago and shows the en
ergy and vigilance displayed in suppress-,
ing gambling and lottery dealing.
The total number of arrests was 379.
Of . these 144 were for aiding ~and abet
ting. a lottery, 112 visiting a lottery,
fcixty-three having- lottery tickets in pos
session, fqrty-slx visiting fan tan game,
seven keeping opium place, thirty-eight
visiting, opium place "and sixty-nine mis
demeanors. • . „ _'¦¦•.
Large Number of Arrests and Heavy.
. /.Fines During the j Last
¦ * Month.
CREDITABLE WORK OF
\ THE - CHINATOWN SQUAD
- The Board of Works submitted a reso
lution recommending the .conditional'ac
ceptance of Mission street, from Silver
avenue to Onondaga avenue, and also the
paving of Mission street from Silver avo
nue to Ocean avenue, from funds avail
able therefor together with the further
sum of. $7500 donated by property owners.
Commissioner Casey filed a counter reso
lution that Mission street r be accepted
from Crescent avenue to the- county line.
The resolution recites that the street- is
in a deplorable condition and recommends
that the Board 'of Supervisors appropriate
sufficient money in the "next- budget to
pave the roadway for its entire - length.
An ordinance, however, was passed to
print ordering the acceptance of Mission
street from Silver avenue to Onondaga
avenue. . •/-'..;¦ : . '. -¦
D'Ancona admitted that the price asked
by the Bay View L>and Company was in
excess of its real value, but was exacted
byTeason.of the damage the location of
the pesthouse would do to surrounding
property. Brandenstein opposed submit
ting to any imposition in view of the
lower offer of Mrs. Deussing. V ¦ ¦• •
The ordinance authorizing the Mayor to
offer $8000 to the Bay View Land Com
pany for an eight-acre tract to be J - used
as a pesthouse site was also referred to
the same committee. Payot w and Wilson
opposed its passage on ' the ground that
the site was> not a proper one. Wilson
said it was inaccessible and it would cost
$5600 to build a . roadway, and. as there
was no water on the site, the cost would
be materially increased. Braunhart re
ferred to the fact that the Health Board
favored the Partridge site, but a number
of protestants had opposed the selection
of the site. ¦
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ceived another offer of a site for. a pest
house from -Mrs.' A. B. Deusslng, who
agrees to sell* to" the city ;twetve 'lots in
block 32 and block 29 in the tract of the
Sunnyvale Homestead, .bounded by Vlsi
taclon, avenue, : Gundlach avenue and
Hahn street, for $7000/ or the entire block
numbered 23 for $5000. The offer was re
ferred to the Health Committee.
Strong Opposition to the
Bay View Company's
Proposition;
Total $100,810
Included In the estimate is $35,000 for the
construction of a steel, bridge across
Channel street, at the end of Third, to be
erected simultaneously with or subse
quent to the widening of that thorough
fare. A newelevator In the City Hall is
provided for at a cost of $28,825. As an
offset to the total amounts asked. $30,000
is expected from fees from the architect's
office and engineer's, department.
NEW BUILDINGS RECOMMENDED
BY DEPARTMENT.
Fire Department ........ $70 000
Police Department W 11 -,
County Jails I " 20075
Health Department ." 34*450
Total •-• 1*1.117.131
REPAIRS TO MUNICIPAL, BUILDINGS AND
Recapitulation ; $S5, 600
PERMANENT IMPROVEMENTS. .
City Hall (new elevator) $25 825
Sewer reconstruction 23 !S50
Relaying basalt block streets so'570
Resurfacing bituminous streets 20 000
Reconstruction plank roadways 15,230
Sewers,, new. and reconstruction 5ua WJO
Work in front of city property. ..•. .... C2445
Bridges, new structures..-. 55'ouO
Culverts and miscellaneous matters.. tt'iWO
Rights of way for drainage purposes/. 20 # 000
Repavmg of accepted streets 2U7 lot
Recapitulation Bureau* of Streets. $432,'J82
BUREAU OF ENGINEERING.
Engineer and assistant ' $S,OCO
Division of street and lot surveys.
Street surveys '. 13,020
Precise levels .....'. 3,510
Resurveys of levels, etc 13,320
Lot isurveys 12,000
Division of construction 12,300
Grade changes and miscellaneous.... 8.100
Section map of city . 2,700
Record room 2,230
General office work 5,700
Supplies and Incidentals 4.0W)
The competition will, commence at 8:S0
o'clock in Union Square Hall, and from
the interest that this has .aroused It is
probable- that the contest will- be wit
nessed by as many Red Men " as can
crowd into the hall, as an Invitation ¦ to
attend has been extended to all of the"
local tribes and those in Alameda
County. ' • ¦ "-."•- -¦¦";;
On Friday night, the 11th Inst, for the
first time In the history of the- Improved
Order; of Red Men in; the reservation* of
Colifornia will be presented the novel
spectacle of two" teams ''from the same
tribe • competing in ¦ the adoption degree
for : a handsome trophy. This will be
,by 'the teams of Pocahontas Tribe No. 11.
The challenged team, which is under the
captaincy of J. Samuels, Is the one that
carried away the prize in the contest be
fore the Great Council held In. this city
last year, , and is said to be the best team
in ¦ the * reservation. The challenging
team, which has been drilled and In
structed by Captain M. I>. Wheeler, has
for some time been doing its work in
"executive -session," and no one other
than those who. compose it has seen
the work, consequently there is consider
able curiosity in the order as to what
it can do. . ' . t .• ;. - .. . .
Compete in 'the Adoption
Degree.
Two Teams of Pocahontas Tribe to
RED ft. -EM" WILL ENTER -
- - IN A NOVEL CONTEST
The application of Kennedy J. Hanley
for a writ Of jjiandate directed to James
H. - Beatty, .United . States Judge for^ine^
district of Idaho, was continued until, the
first Monday in May, to which time, the
court adjourned. . <o/-
The decree of the Circuit Court for. the
Northern District of Washington was af
firmed in . the case of F. W. Coler vs.
Henry F. Allen, the Pacific Northwest
Packing Company and others. . M , ,¦
Unjted^ States Circuit Judge ¦ Morrow
and United- States District Judge de
Haveh. ye'st'erday sat as the -United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. A decision was
handed. down affirming the^ decree of the
United States District Court for the dis
trict ' of Oregon In the case of j Jacob E.
Jacobsen,' F. Dresser, as administrator ot
the estate of Harper 1». Harisen,' deceased,
and ."Will JE. Forde afainst ..The Dalles.
Portland. and Astoria Navigation Com
pany..' ;The. action was bro ught. to recover
damages for the death of Hansen and the
loss^of a sailboat and other personal prop
erty, ' and personal Injuries sustained by
Forde and Jacobsen in a collision on
August 14, 1898,1 between ;Jacobsen's sail
boat *and the steamer Sarah Dixon on the
upper Columbia River. Judgment had
been given by the'Distrlct Court for the
defendant. ">•."* ; ¦.':¦
journment Is Taken '.TiirMon-
V. .- .day, May 5th. ,
Little Business le Transacted and Ad-
UXITBD 1 STATES CIBCXTIT
. \c6UBT. OF APPEALS SITS
1 Estimates of the ryfeds of the Board of
Education andthe *^Gard of Public Works
were filed yesterday with the Auditor and
the Board . of Supervisors in accordance
with the provisions of the charter. Two
estimates .were furnished by the Board of
Education. The - first calls for nearly
$2,WO,WX), divided as follows: '
Administration, teachers, Janitors, eac. $1,300. 920
etc ....^l.aoo.a-o w
New buildings, brick. . . ; 320.000 00
General repairs and new toilets... 1 84. '.(-"> 50
First total ;.. ..$1,805,851.50
.Provision is made in this estimate for
a children's playground at North Beach
and an appropriation of $^000 tor music in
the play grounds. Director Roncovierl is
said to be sponsor for the music idea.
The second estimate is about 5100,000
lower, the difference arising from changes
made In the plan of construction of nu
merous buildings, plan of playgrounds
and maintenance and numerous other fea
tures. The items are segregated as . fol
lows:
Administration, teacher, janitors, etc. $1,300,020
New buildings, frame 215.000
General repairs ". .. 1S4.U25
"Second total TT $1,700,831
The Board of Public Works desjres an
amount somewhat in excess of that asked
by the School Board, but the board claims
that the amounts . asked are practically
the same as the amounts set 'aside by the
Board of Supervisors for the fiscal year
1901-02. The- report says:
On account of the unsafe . condition • of sewers
it has been deemed necessary, this fiscal year,
to request that the appropriation be made
•much larger than that of last year.
A project for the widening of the roadway
of Third street, from Mission to Channel, will
be presented during the coming week, together,
wltn an estimate of the cost of the repavlng
of this roadway with basalt blocks . on con
crete.
,The detailed estimate calls for an ap
propriation of more than $1,975,000, divided
as follows:
General office .'/...... $20,220
Bureau of Light and Water 3,bU0
9 BUREAU 9F B.UILDING:
Division of Maintenance and Repair.
Office Superintendent of Building.... *•:!,. >00
Cleaning of City Hall....- 30,0bl
Watchman, City Hall iKXl
Maintenance elevators and heating
plant 11,015
Repairs, City Hall : 1B.SS1
Cleaning Hall of Justice t>,523
Maintenance of elevators, etc 7,S"M
Repairs Hall of Justice 1,800
Recapitulation division of mainte
nance and repair $77,S40
Division of architecture 14,3t>0
BUREAU OF STREETS.
Office $12,900
Inspection of corporation trenches.... 4.&00
Investigation of complaints 4,500
Repairs to sewers ,, 65,310
Cleaning sewers and cesspool! ' (&,7u2
Repairing of basalt and cobble streets 05,905
Corporation yard '. .. m.l'jo
Maintenance of bridges v< 8,735
Cleaning and sprinkling streets 207,440
County reads 14,550
MacaaanrTzed street repairs^. . 5,000
Bituminous rock pavement and repair . 21.8U0
Repairs, streets on water front...... 10.U00
A resolution of Intention ', ta raise the
grades on Market 'street from Van Ness
avenue" to Twelfth street was adopted.
The. Board . of Works recommended
that Illinois street,- between Twenty
second •• and £ twenty-third . streets, and
Twenty-third street,- between Illinois and
Georgia, streets^ be graded to the official
line and grade. The matter was referred
to. the Street Committee.-
Wilson stated that as a member of the
Fire ¦•Committee", he had . not ; : joined in
the ¦ committee's - recommendation -that
the sign be erected. Brandenstein ques
tioned whether the board Had the power
to grant such permits.
Tne ordinance limiting the height of
advertising fences' hereafter constructed
to ten feet was tinally passed. Another
ordinance fixing July 1, 1903, as the date
when- fences in- excess of ten {eet already
built shall be torn down was passed to
print. - - ¦.-¦:¦- -
• The ordinance appointing a bookkeep
ing expert to Investigate the accounts of
light and water corporations was re
referred to the Finance Committee. ' The
ordinance authorizing the Tax Collector
to -'employ a cashier in . then license office
was , finally passed. . Hugo Herzer will
be appointed to -the position.
An ¦ ordinance ¦' was passed to • print
ordering the . bltumenlzlhg of Van. Ness
avenue between - Hayes r and Fulton
streets.
Curtis 'Opposed the granting of the per
mit on 'the- ground that the sign -would
be an eyesore.-* Curtis. alluded to the sign
on the building .' at - Powell , and. Ellis
streets as a : mgnstrosity,' and although
he"\had voted' in favor/of it he had done
so. inadvertently. ; He believed that such
signs 'should* not' be,' allowed. '
':• * urandensteln also -objected to the per
mit for" the- sign," claiming that it Is not
a legitimate, lormot advertising. Lough
ery, .as chairman? of the Fire, committee,
said 'that' he \ would not recommend the
permit it. the sign on the Baldwin Annex
were r- to- 'equal in! size the one on the
Golden. West Hotel, i The permit, how
ever;, for, tne former sign was to be lim
ited .to eighteen > feet in length by the
ordinance -.as amended. , -. . •'
¦The Board of Supervisors yesterday set
its seal', of disapproval on unsightly ad
vertising ' signs on = the roofs - of buildings
by-'defeatfng >the : final passage of the
ordinance granting a permit to Sidney
Hart- to maintain an electric sign' on top
of the>Baldwin Annex. •; '
CONSIDERS SITE
FOR PESTHOUSE
Too many deaths and accidents are happen
ing in this city and the i»'w should step in and
protect the people. An accurate count made on
March 17 shows that 535 teams Dassed Mont
gomery street going west on Market, street be
tween 5 and 0 p. ra. The lives of pedestrians
are endangered by the many vehicles which
could just as conveniently take Mission or
Howard street, where there Is less travel," and
thus remove the congestion . on the principal
street of the city. f, -
The Grand Jury sent a communication
advising that an ordinance be passed pro
viding that trucks and teams going west
be urohibited from using Market street;
between Front and Sixth, between: the
hours of 5 and 6:30 p. m., -and those
loaded or loading be permitted to use only
one block on the street during that time
and then be required to take a cross
street. The communication says: ,
As the roads are changing' bands, we" think
the present an opportune time to- remedy the
evils that have so long existed and. to. obtain
for the public adequate, safe and J economical
transportation. -
We call attention "to the practice 1 of leaving
the "bobtail" cars standing on -• the corner of
California 'and Montgomery streets all night
and recommend that It be discontinued. . •¦
We recommend that better facilities be pro
vided for the accommodation of workingmen
going to and from work. We suggest an ad
ditional sign be placed i in the sidewalk on the
curb to Indicate where the cars stop. We ob
ject to the high speed of electric cars, especial
ly on Kearny Btreet. We recommend that tick
ets issued to school children at 2% cents . be
good for passage at any time during school days
between S a. m. and 5 p._m. We recommend
that an 'ordinance be passed requiring street
railroads to carry the working classes for 3
cents for each fare between 6 and 8 a. m. and
Irom 5 to 6:30 n. m. - ' .
• We insist that air.unused tracks be at once
taken up and the street put in proper condition
and that all obstructions be removed. . .-•"-
We insist upon a uniform system of transfers.
The present system is confusing and annoying.
We recommend the abolition of -the "short
time" transfers and the practice' of grving
transfers on some lines when* fare is ' paid and
of others in giving it at. the point of debarka
tion. •"• y • •• ¦ j* ¦¦ ' . ¦ . : '
We are opposed to the granting of any f ran-'
chise to any road without a definite understand
ing that all laws in relation thereto will be
complied with. v . : . • :¦' ' . '¦ - * .
The Grand Jury . sent ' a. communication
to the Board of Supervisors- yesterday, in
which it recomniends that certain alleged
abuses by the old Market. Street Railway,
corporation be corrected/ The commuhl-'
cation follows: "¦ ' •. . - - t~ ':.'•..'
Comte presented a ! resolution directing
the tubllc Utilities Committee to in
corporate in the bond issue the scheme
to lower the Sansoine-street grades in
order to afford access for the . business
district ,to the water front: :The% same
committee will consider the resolution. >
' Brauuhart's bill repealing a - section of
the ordinance making it a .misdemeanor
to play baseball in vacant lots. was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
•The Committee on Public Buildings
was requested to ascertain ¦ whether a
railing or balustrade is; needed on ¦- the
upper floor of the rotunda in the City
Hall In border to prevent -accidents and
to Insure safety to visitors, and if such
work "is required to ascertain, the prob
able cost thereof.
Sec. 3. The sum of $32,000 annually is here
by appropriated for the purposes -herein 'set
forth trom the funds of the city/and county of
San Francisco,' raised and appropriated for the
general use. . • ' ¦': . .-•¦ "-. . . / ,-. ¦'' > "•'¦
Section 1. For the pleasure, 'convenience and
instruction of the ' public , there . Shall ' be held
public .orchestral concerts, . the same to be'per
lorme'd at' least twice 'weekly. ¦¦ during eight
months of each year/ from April" to- November
inclusive, and at least once weekly during -four
months of each year, from December to March
inclusive, weather permitting. .-. .' : - ; '•
Sec. 2. The tsaia concerts shall be held simul
taneously in' at . least three public, open-afr
places; accessible without • cost to all citizens,"
said places to be selected, and •, appointed with
the view exclusively of v their fitness for the:pur
pdfe of this ordinance as centers . of ' resident
population. ¦¦ : .. .„=. ¦/ ¦¦'¦ 7 •.-.". .¦ ~- •
' Supervisor Wynn Introduced; an ordin
ance in the. Board of Supervisors yester
day providing' for the; -holding''* of open
air ' free concerts* and-'appropiatlng 1 . funds
for the -purpose. The ¦ ordinance, jwhlch
was referred to the j Finance Committee,
follows: ' : '£>;¦- • V '•/?% ¦-.••--
Proposition to Lower . San
. some- Street Grades
v Considered.--
Asks Supervisors; to Pass Or
dinances for ;
v Accommodation.
'¦¦¦¦¦¦• ¦;¦¦•¦ •:-.,.' ...'• ¦:-
Ordinacc3 Limiting Fences to
krTen Feet in Height
Permanent Improvements Are
Large Factor in Data
tf'% Presented. /
Would Correct Abuses
by Market-Street
Railway.
City Department Heads
Submit Estimates of .
Their Wants.
Supervisors KRefuse>Pe^
¦.••• : -'iriit'-for'.'One on a : ¦
411 Roof • ¦ '
Supervisor Wynn Seeks
:y Appropriation Vfbr?
* V V -Purpose. /
WANT MILLIONS
FOR TWO BOARDS
UNSIGHTLY SIGNS
PUT UNDER BAN
WANTS OPEN-AIR
FREE CONCERTS
REFORMS WANTED
BY GRAND JURY
FRANCHISE HAS
LONGER TO RUN
City Attorney Advises
as to Geary-Street
Privilege.
Holds It Does Not Expire
Until November of Next
Year.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to the
effect that the franchise granted to the
Geary Street Railway Company does not
-expire until November 6. 1903, instead
of on April 13, 1902, as was commonly sup
posed. The opinion bears out an article
published in a recent issue of The Call, in
which it was pointed out that the Super
visors were laboring under an erroneous
impression that the franchise expired this
5 Lane directs attention to the two fran
i chises granted to the company, one on
April 13 1S77, and the other on November
6 1S7S. each to run for twenty-hve years.
Lane holds that the later franchise was
In effect a revocation of the earlier privi
lege. After quoting the law and decisions
on the matter, Lane says:
The law as announced in these cases appeals
to me as that which should apply to the pres
ent case. The franchise of 1S77 not having
been complied with in any particular, no ac
ceptance of it* privileges having been filed with
the Board of Supervisors, the work required
•within the time limited not having been done.
«nd no work whatever having been begun upon
the road — in short, no recognition having been
taken by the grantees of the privilege granted
to them— it Is my belief that when the fran
chise of 1878 was granted it was in effect a
revocation j>f the franchise of 1877, if, indeed,
any revocation were necessary and was a valid
exercise of the power granted to the Board of
Supervisors by the State.
upon the tacts as herein presented it is ray
opinion that the franchise under which the
Geary-street. Park and | Ocean Railroad Com
pany now operates its road upon Geary street
and Point Lobos avenue is that granted to
Charles Main et al. on November 6, 1878, with
supplementary franchises, and in this belief the
city has moved for more than twenty-three
years. The franchise of 1S78 will, by virtue of
Its own conditions, expire on November 6. 1903.
My views of the law applicable herein are
based upon the premise heretofore stated,
namely, that there never had "been an accept
ance of the franchise of 1S77. and that the work
required had never been done thereunder. All
of the facts you have submitted to me, or which
I have been able to obtain from official sources
— and I am necessarily confined to such sources
— plainly indicate to me that such premise is
correct. Your board, however, has the power
at Independent investigation, and if you should
find by such investigation that a« a matter ot
fact my premise Is erroneous, that is to say, if
you should find that the franchise of 1877 was
accepted and work done thereunder, then the
conclusions herein reached by me do not apply.
HEALTH AND STBJENGTH
FOB, CHILDB,EN OF P00B
Beautiful Charity of Episcopalian
Ladies Is Established at Camp
Meeker.
One of the mo^t considerate of the
many practical charities of the Episco
pal church has been established at
Camp Meeker on the North Pacific
Coast Railroad, seventy miles distant
from San Francisco. One of the most
difficult problems met with in the care
of the sick poor is the proper care of the
convalescent, especially of children. The
homes from which they are taken are in
so many cases squalid and illy situated
and the means for providing proper at
tendar.ee and stimulating food so meager
that it was impressed upon the minds of
the charitable that some place with en
vironments of quiet, fresh air and com
fort in the care of some one profession
ally competent to minister to ailing chil
dren should be provided.
The appeal made to the wealthy and
generous church women of this city met
with Instant response and friends were
quickly provided. Mrs. J. O. Lincoln of
San Mateo, wife of the principal of the
Church Divinity School, was the leader
in the enterprise, and largely through
her • enthusiastic instrumentality the
Saint Dorothy's nest for convalescent
children has been founded and is now
ready for active work.
The Institution will . accommodate
twenty children. A house has been
erected of ample capacity and furnished
with every comfort. Mrs. Will Crocker
has been a liberal contributor to the
building fund, . besides assuming the
larger part of th« expenses for the first
year. The ground occupied by the struc
ture, of considerable extent, was donated
by M. C. . Meeker. Located on an emi
nence commanding a wide view of the
beautiful valley of the Russian - River,
shaded by lofty redwoods and provided
•with every appurtenance for rural enjoy
ment, St. Dorothy's will soon open its
doors and welcome to its hospitable roof
the - helpless children for whose ¦ benefit
It has been erected. No one, whatever
his creed, will be denied.
The. property "has been deeded to th«
Bishop of California and is now one of
the regular diocesan institutions. Upon
the return of Bishop Nichols from Hono
lulu the rest will be dedicated.
Deninan Is Not Incompetent.
The writ of prohibition issued about
two weeks ago restraining School Direc
tor James Denman from participating in
the . trial of Miss Mary. C. McKlnney,
against whom a charge of incompetence
had been : preferred by Albert i Lyser,
principal of the John Swett -Grammar
School, was dismissed by Judge Hunt
yesterday. The' court held that Denman
in saying that "trie School Department
did not want any crazy teachers." did
not incapacitate him from partici
pating in the trial of Miss McKinney.
The writ dismissed two weeks ago was
issued on complaint of Attorney Stephen
V. Costello, who charged Denman with
prejudice.
MclntyTe's Brutal Assailants.
Joseph Mllllan and Charles Buchanan,
charged with assault to murder and bur
glary for breaking into the residence of
James Mclntyre. on Bryant street, on
Thursday morning, March 27, and beating
him on the head with the butt end of a
revolver, appeared before . Judge Mogan
yesterday. A certificate was read from
Dr.- Hopper to the effect that it would be
ten days yet before the old man could ap
pear in court to testify,' and the case was
continued till April 15. Klttie Mclntyre
the old man's daughter, who is In love
with MUllan. Is still being detained as a
•witness.
IMPORTANT AFFAIRS OCCUPY CITY LEGISLATORS
THE SAK FRANCISgp CALli, TUESDAY, APRIL. 8, li)02.
Customs Inspector C. M. Dufflcy seized
on board the Government transport Crook
yesterday twenty-two ostrich plumes, two
ostrich feather fans, several silk-embroid
ered table covers and a leopard skin robe.
Smuggled Goods Seized.
' Richard Eccleston, statistician for the
United States Bureau of Immigration at
this port, reports arrivals of Immigrants
during March as follows:. Total number
456, of which 113 are tourists and In tran
sit. Of the 343 for California 278 are males
and 65 are females. The nationalities are:
Japanese 106, English 92, Mexicans 33,
Scandinavians 16. French 14. Spanish-
American *14. Irish 9, German 8, Scotch 7.
Russian 6, Italian 3.
Immigration for March.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- . A ¦ IT T /VT ITS 11 S 9 ur the sweetest disposition and
/Y TV I 111 1 1 the most even tempered, lov-
jf"3Li '^N' " V^/ I >• I able nature into a. cross-grained and
- . ' 'J r , : ;irritableindividual. ¦!
; (T^ /"\ T"\ -T^ 1 ' : or fault-finding . are
¦¦i^jL I : s I ".lif j |-4 ever excusable^ it is>when the body is
• ' *^f J.-V l' * ' >Jk ' ' tortured by an eating and painful sore.
• ; ... '"¦.•¦'*, It is truly discouraging to 'find after
months. of diligent and" faithful use "of : external remedies that the . place'
remains; as; defiant, angry^ and 'offensive as .'ever. Every chronic sore, no
matter on v what partof the body-it comes,' is an evidence of some previous
constitutional or, organic trouble,!; arid that ,J the dregs 'of these diseases
remain; in the system ; or, it ; may . be that some long hidden poison— perhaps
Cancers-has come to the/surface and begun its destructive work. . ;
The blood /must be purified before the sore will fill up with healthy flesh
and -the. skin -regains its natural .color.' ' 'It,is "-^ "^ "-¦_' '^ ¦_'¦-¦
¦through {the circulation that : the acrid, "corroding /(^^ (O^
fluids ] are carried to the j sore : or "ulcer and keep it* V*I^\ V^V '¦) ***Z\
irritated ' and "inflamed. VS. Si S. ' : will : purify 'arid K^J kj) v KwJ
invigorate the stagnant blood when all sediment or :>^'S«^f' \*S
other* hurtful maferials are^^^washed out, fresh richiblood is carried to the
diseased parts, : new tissues form ," and the flesh ; begins : to ; have a
healthy arid natural look ; -the -discharge ceases and the* sore heals.
ver« : sore lee ¦ and was ? by % tha . that is guaranteed ". entirely vege-
, best physicians tut received no benefit, table. It builds up * the blood and
'¦^Smf^MA^^V 1 " t° >^f S * a ' B 'A toriesup the gerierait system as- no
wnlch she did. "Fourteen bottles cured _«.t:-!. „ j; •• ° ¦¦*•¦ „ T r »."
her and she has been well ever since. - other medicine does. If < you have
. J.^B. mabolb, 22 Canal St., ' : • ." ; a sore of any kind; write us and get
v . -; '^:,' : '-'. r 1 '^:''-J o 9 ilo^ a >j^'Tf,:'. the advice : of ' experienced' iand
skilled physicians for, which rio charge is'made. Book on Blood and ; Skin
Diseases free. THE SWXFT SPBCIFIC CO., Attinta; Ga.
ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
¦LAI SPfflGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNET. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley. Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trip*
In Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persona In room. "small hotel". $13 per week
One person in room, "cottages". ..$11 per weelc
Two persons In room, "cottages" . .$20 per weelt
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
• $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
¦ $20 and $23 per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month. -
Call on Hotel Gazette Office. 26 Montgomery
st.'; call on The Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery
St., or The Bulletin Bureau." 10. Montgomery St..
San Francisco, Cal.. or write direct to CRAIO
& WARNER, Mgrs., Highland Springs. Cal.
O If A /"» f\ O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Un/lUUU from Sair Francisco and
but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtue* ; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath in State; boating
and swimming in Warm. Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
L n JF.«-£ aper " : FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and afternoon
•stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$0 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. ra. or
3:30 p. m. " Sundays 8 u. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
2 fflce 'o« 121 , Phelan bld «- A1 *> ¦* Traveler of-
gk-g sSsayss: "•• or ot J - y - mui -
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging.- Every
ccmrort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7:30
a m.. 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN-
SLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371, TOur-
lst Information Bureau, 10 Montgomery st. or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from -famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude com-
fort, plea gure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk., cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Russian River stsulcn.
I via Duccans Mills. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINCS.
A charming resort In the Santa Crux Mts. :
2 hours from San Francisco; dellshtful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed: best mineral water on the coast: open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
X.OS;GATOS. v *
.Under new manasemertt. Now ot>en for
buslceas. Rates. $S to $15 per week.
SPRINGS-3 miles from Ukiah.
J Mendoclno Co. Natural electric , waters,
champagne baths.. Only place in the world of
tr.is class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs fa
, tU iH* . Lovel y tcrounda. fishing, hunting. Crys-
g^R° E g £ E M 1 E^g'^*co n . S^ 3 9 fl""^
WRING'S RANCH-Slx miles from^CtJadero.
w f? evat i°v. feet: » nion 3' the redwoods.
Hunting fiahlnBr. Terms.. $10 a week; family
rates. .. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
G^ AND xr CENTRAI ' HOTEL. Guernevillo.
m?.;? "I 1 ?*™ "¦"¦""""¦ement: thoroughly r«-
?»!? «*? lmi)roved - Headquarters for hunters
and flahers. Add.F. PLATH. Guern«vUle. Cal.
I S? 9 ATOS ~ Lyndon Stable*, opposjte depot.
*^t First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
S^h T i« RI ?~ San v V 0 « n «' Stable*. Styl-
"*>-»" un riga. Reasonable prices.
Bart/ett Springs/
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP TOC .
to health and" make your vacation use-
ful ae well as pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how It- was possible to feel so well,
strong: and vigorous. - -
Ride, drive, hunt. flsh. bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.-
Send for booklet.
• Call or Address
BARTLETT ' SPRINGS CO,.
General Office;— / Bartlett Springs,
. 2 Sutter St., S. F. Lake Co., CaU
o o
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3J£ Hpur-3 from Los Angeles.
• Advantaees. attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our -Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, teh soloists; most ¦Dnenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootins: Delight-
ful - Coast Excursions: Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal CamT>»Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
-tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music) Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau. 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
. cisco, Cal.* . : ¦-..¦-.
For ThJatjTired Feeling—
A. THOUGHT, and AETNA
SPRINGS * is & dellshtful distance
* from San Francisco. The management* '
is alive to your every comfort. Table ' .
... unsurpassed, supplies from our own ' /
" . ranch. For sarttculars apply
EDWARD L. SANFORD. , Manager.
- . Aetna Sprincs. Naj>a Co. -
OJIMF* dURRYI
290 guests in 1839
410 guests in. . ; .1000
715 guests in... '......' 1901'
10OO estimated for '..... .......1902
."Opens about '" May ¦ 1st.
' . Office at 10 Montgomery St., . with Peck's
Free ¦ Information - Bureau. . . -''.','
YOSHMITE.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
;' Sulphur' Creek. Colusa.Cp.,"Cal., "28 miles by
stage west of "Williams; fare $2. Hottest
strongest water on the coast; temperature 148
deg.' Cures " rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
skin diseases, neuralgia. ¦ liver, "kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system ¦ dy«peD-
8la. catarrh; 1 Natural mud baths. New 2-stoiy
hotel; fine new bathhouse. -' Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEAHT*
Proprietor.'; 23**bS4**$Q***k**|ES|S • '
EL ...BQNlfo.-r HOTEL.
The_largest and -best appointed hotel in Rus-
ISa » t1 r Va 4 ley * Excellent huntln*. Hshlns
and boatlnc: flne scenery; pure sprins water •
M e #^T ; M re £ O J at f <i: new - furnUur * R - c - CAlJ
HOUN. Duncans • Mills, Cal.
LYTTON SPRI^fCS.
g^K^e^^o 0^: S?S
£3^' JT i 0 -,,^ 7 s u«er »t-' Telephone Sutter
2371, X. V. MORSE. Manager City Office.
FOREST HOTEL,
-ALMA.
Santa Crua Mountains. Good * trout fishing.
k Sebullt ' and reopened. ... B. BOHME, Prop.
eorraKMT im n th« pmctiii * a**tLt eo. e»ci»«ii*n . • .
f 1 IENHJS, as Rtisfcin defines it, is simply !
a superior power of seeing* Have you ,
the genius to sec how important an
flement in the success of your house-keeping !
is the use of Ivory Soap? Judged by the wdrfc
it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should ;• be washed only '
with Iyory^oap, ? •••^
w.v- -- - **T .
pure;
Brewed from carefully select-
ed barley .and hops — never
permitted to, leave the brew^
ery until properly aged.AGED FRUITVALE FARMER UN
DER j ARREST CHARGED WITH
STEALING CANNED GOODS.
MONTERET. April 7. — It i> reported here
from Ealinas that the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company ¦ Intends building oil tanks In
it* yards there, from which to supply crude
petroleum cm fuel for passenger engines on
the coast division. j
: OAKLAND, April 7.— The Oakland Tran-
Bit Company has given notice that It will
make a $6,500,000 bond issue in June. Gen
eral improvements, and; the refunding of
former issues are contemplated. ¦;¦—.
Bond Issue in Contemplation.
Those- who are' interested in fine.speci
mens of wood, exquisitely polished and
ornamented with rare marquetry work,
will take advantage of : the
cards being • distributed ¦ by ¦ the ¦ Southern
Pacific Information Bureau "to visit the
new electric-lighted. Overland Limited,
which Is on exhibition every evening thw
•week at Oakland Pier.' j
Bare Woods.
MADRID, April 7.— The bark Rivere
Guadana has been' wrecked near the
mouth of the Guadana River. Twelve of
her crew wt-re drowned:
Twelve Seamen Perish.
COLFAX, Wash., April 7.— George iE.
Warner, the. Viola (Idaho) farmer, who
was ' recently : - convicted • s of perjury v for
swearing 4that Miss • Mary ; Spray was
"over 18 after he had cut the figures i'18"
in the sole: of: her shoe, in order that; she
might be granted a marriage , license to.
: wed. Warner's brother-in-law. was,*to-day
sentenced , by r Judge Chad wick to serve
thirty ; months* In- the '.penitentiary.* The
girl" was* only ; 15 years old:. She .and her
husband are apparently living happily, to
i aether.;' :^:;V ; -r . -•"•:'. -..•..'¦.,_ ... ; ;.
Goes to Prison for Aiding Cupid.
OAKLAND, April 7.— C. E. Klnard. an
attorney, was arrested to-day > on- com
plaint of W. E. Holloway, who "chat ges
Kinard 1 - with embezzling $14 - on June 1,
1900, • in v connection with employment; to
handle- the case of - Ernest Holloway,
complainant's son. , ¦. -^
Accuses an Attorney.
ALAMEDA, April 7.— Thomas L. Hier
lihy died this afternoon at his home, 2015
Pacific avenue, after a long illness. He
was an old and widely known ¦ resident
and at one' time was prominent in the
affairs of the Prohibition party in this
State. Deceased was a native of Canada
and was £9 years of age. A -wife and
three daughters survive .him.
Thomas L. Hierlihy. Passes. 'A way.
¦ NEW. YORKjAprii 7.— A World special
from Charleston ; says Governor ' MeSwee
ney has finally and positively decided not
to . permit the Jeff rles-Eltzslmmons- fight
in South; Carolina. . ..*.-. .
* GOVEBNOB BAES FIGHT.
OCEAN STEAMER.
\ BREMERHAVKN — Sailed April ' 7— Sthir
Cassell, for;NewTorbi,o' : . . : ¦ - ... ' ,
. . . . •' ' Monday, April 7. •
'i gtnir South .Portland, Parker, , 4. days from
Sati P*dro. . .-,.¦• • • * ¦ " ¦-..-
•• Stmr Santa Monica,. Olsen, 38 hours- from
Eureka: Sound, south; .< put In to land passe n-
e "Y - ¦', DOMKSTIC PORTS. .
PORT ;TOWNSEXI>— Arrived April 7— Bark
Big Bonanza, from Acaculco. . - . '-. \ ... .
¦fanned inward -April 7— Schr. Honoipu, hence
March 28; bark Prussia, hence March 27; «chr
¦\Vemne Bros.-hence March 21,:for Ballard. ' ¦;
POUT LUDLOW— Sailed April 0— Schr Jos
RuBh'. t or Port Gamble. .¦*....• ' /¦¦ ¦*:: ¦-' r.-.- ,. •
- PORT : GAMBLE— Arrived Arirll 7— Schr Jos
BV88, • from Port Ludlow. " ....
- Sailed, Ajjrll 7-rSchr..Camano, 'for ' Chlgnik
Bay. ''¦ "¦>;•'--•-. ' ¦¦ ' ••.'.' .¦¦-'*¦• •'' ' '.; .•
'. PORT BLAKELKY-^Arrlved • Aorir.7 — Schr
R .XV Bartlett. 'henco March 22?:, «chr- Jaa A'
Qarfleid,. hence. March 24. -.,-•-, ".,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SAN JOSE, April 7.— The Garden City
Wheelmen •Rill send a strong; team to
compete in the Eldrldge trophy r< lay
race, to be held at San Leandro on April
20. A tryout yesterday resulted In the
following team being selected:* Burton
Downing. Pat McDonald, Tony Dclrnas,
Lace Downing, Ed Barnes, M. Gray,
Carl Marty, Ed Wastie (captain). Carl
Ltmberg and Homer Lowe or Alexander
Cameron.
Garden City's Belay Team.
OAKLAND. April 7.-Judge Ogden
signed and .filed to-day * the decree in the
suit of - the city of. Oakland against the
Oakland Water Front Company, giving
to the corporation title to '. nearly alU the
water front of the city. : This. finally dis
poses of a' famous suit. T • '
Signs Water Front Decree.
-Charles Sahm.'.a sign-painter, llvinx at
25L Tehama street; swallowed a dose of
carbolic, acid yesterday .ftecause his land
lady did not reciprocate his affections.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital
and pumped out. He is in a precarious
condition. ,'t .» ; -
Takes Carbolic - Acid.
• ALAMEDA. April 7.— Intelligence has
been received by relatives here of the
death at Nome of Dr. German Brooks,
a young dentist of . this city who went
to the Alaska gold fields a year ago.
Deceased passed , away on November 8,
last. He was 30 years of age and suc
cumbed to- an attack of pneumonia. He
leaves a mother , and . sister, both locaf
residents. : .
Dr. German Brooks Dies at Nome.
Earle Blowers asks for a divorce from
Rose L. Blowers on the ground of deser
tion. They have two children. .
OAKLAND, April 7.— Judge Greene
granted a divorce to-day to Louis.Fevei
rer from Bertha Feveirer on the ground
of cruelty. He claimed she charged him
with murdering their child.
Judge Hall granted Eva C. Ingersoll a
divorce. from Howard F. Ingersoll on the
ground of cruelty. She" was awarded the
child. ' ,
In the Divorce Court.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.— Manager Mor
ley has signed another pitcher in the per
son of Oscar. Jones. Jones was a success
ful California League pitcher last season
and is expected to add strength to the lo
cal team. He had signed with Louisville,
but the tardiness of Tebeau in sending
transportation caused him to change his
mind.
Morley Signs Pitcher Jones.
OAKLAND, April 7.— Judge Melvin read
Edward Lynch a lecture . and then *. sen
tenced him to two , years' imprisonment
in FolBCiri prison' to-day for beating his
wife, • He told' Lynch that any man who
¦would strike a woman j was a wretch, and
any man who .'would beat his wife. was a
despicable wretch. Lynch got. the Judge
angry by attacking the* reputation- of
Mrs. Lynch, . who, he said, drinks and
runs around with other, men. \
The defendant Js a white-haired man
and his wife is a white-haired . woman,
both of them more than 60 years of age.
They had an altercation last December
and he hit -her! on the head with an ax
handle. He pleaded guilty to -the' charge
when, he came up. to-day,\but had
pleaded not guilty in the Justice's court.
He Is Despicable Wretch for
¦ Striking Spouse.
Judge Melvin Tells Edward . Lynch
OAKLAND, April 7.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Antone J. Lewis,
aged 21, Oakland, and Mary Rose, 20, San
Lorenzo; Fred H. Parks,' 28, San Fran
cisco, and MarySmall, 21, Oakland; ¦> War
ren S. Palmer, over 21. and. Kate B. Mac
intosh, over 18, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
WIFE -BEATER GETS TWO
YEABS AND A LECTUEE
WASHINGTON, April 7.— At the Ben
nlngs racetrack the stewards ; fined
"Father" Bill Daly for alleged intimida
tion of horses in the selling .race, the
third on the programme. He entered
Handicapper in the race and it is charged
that his plan was to frighten the 'owners
of dangerous horses into withdrawing by
threatening to bid them up if they won.
"Father" Bill Daly , Fined.
A number of petitions are being circu
lated throughout the_«lty and_are being
generally signed.
The Iron Trades Council has prepared
the following petition -to Congress ask
ing the establishment of an eight-hour
workday: . • :
''We, the undersigned citizens of . the
State c of Calif ornia, ¦; respectfully urge
upon the Congress of the United States
that it enact, at the earliest possible mo
ment, the eight-hour bill, officially
known as H. R. No. 3076."
Favor Eight-Hour Law.
OAKLAND, April 7.— The Southern-Pa
cific Company has secured a right of way
to tide water at Pojnt Richmond. Deeds
from the Tewksbury heirs, who own much
land ther«*. have been given across the
marsh land along 1 the line of the Santa
Fe tracks. It is said the Standard Oil
Company was instrumental in the move,
in order to placate the railroad people,
who. objected to the oil company's exclu
sive patronage of the Santa Fe in oil
shipments from Bakersfleld and the Kern
district. '<¦::> "¦ ¦""*-
Southern Pacific at Bichmond.
OAKLAND, April .7. —Judge Ellsworth
scored former Public Administrator
James A. Stanley to-day and told his at
torney he j considers removing him from
hi* office as administrator of the .estate
of William Leslie for malfeasance and
mismanagement. Stanley had charge of
the estate while he was Public Adminis
trator. Leslie did not- leave any rela
tives arid his . $3000 estate .will escheat to
the State. Some ¦ time ago ; the : Attorney
General began suit against Stanley, but
v/hen he was finally brought Into court he
admitted that he had used- the money In
his private business.' /
Judge -Ellsworth gave him time - to get
the money and his attorney announced to
day- that, he :had reimbursed, therestate
with ?2500 that he had taken. That did
not help him to escape, a scoring, how
ever.' He still owes $2S8 to the estate and
tho court says ; ho 'must ; produce that
amount or there. will be trouble. Stanley
was not in" court ;while . he was being
flayed.. . . : - r I— :?-•.¦.'•¦-
Judge Ellsworth Finds That Former
2 Public Administrator Misman
aged Estate. ."
THREATENS TO BEHOVE
STANLEY FOB- MALFEASANCE
CHICAGO. April 7.— Kid Carter, of
Brooklyn was given an apparently un
deserved decision over Al Weinig of Buf
falo at the end of a six-round contest here
to-night. Weinig's advantage appeared so
decided that it was hard to see how any
one but an incompetent or a dishonest
referee could have given Carter the ver
dlcJ- At the final gong Carter was cov
ered with blood and seemed barely able to
ptand up, so weak had be become from
the severe drubbing. Weinig came
through the fight practically without a
ecratcn and when he heard the referee de
cide against him he became frantic, but
.his appeal for a reversal of the decision
went unheeded.
KID CABTEB IS GIVEN
TJNDESEBVED DECISION?
ALAMEDA, April 7.— A letter was read
in the meeting of th«j City Trustees to
night from the Adelphian Club asking
that body to set aside a portion ¦ of th«
city's property at the foot of Grand street
for a children's playground. The Trustees
expressed approval but took no action.
Thirty-two bias for the new library build-
Ing were opened to-night by the Library
Trustees, but all were rejected because oZ
irregularities. New bids will be asked.
Wants Children's Playground.
OAKLAND, April 7.— Upper. Fruitvale
must. have a saloon in the midst of Its
many pretty homes— that 'much was set
tled by a vote In the Board of Super
visors this morning.- Peter C. Nellsen,
whose license to run a saloon was taken
away from him last June because he ran
it without regard to. law or order, Is. the
man who was given the privilege of start-
Ing a saloon at the old stand by the Su
pervisors by the, votes of Church, Homer
and Talcott. with Rowe , against and
Mitchell absent.
The people filed a protest against giv
ing Nellsen or any one else a license. The
Rev. Fxanklin Rhoda supported the . pro
test He said the- people, he represented
were not opposed, to Nellsen particularly,
as they would oppose .the Angel Gabriel
if he asked for a license. They, didn't
want a saloon at all. The talk did not
avail, however. , '_:
New License, and Peter
CV Neilsen Wins.
Supervisors Favor Old Offender "With
UPPER FRUITVALE MUST
HAVE ANOTHEB SALOON
OAKLA.ND, April 7.— A communication
protesting against the recent action of
the Board of Supervisors In resolving to
deny the Japanese and Chinese the'privi
leges of the County Infirmary was sub
mitted to the board to-day by H. Soe
jima, president of the Japanese Associa
tion of America. He said his country
men were willing to. be taxed to keep up
the institution and ( should be accorded
treatment there when they needed it.
The letter, was tabled.
Willing to Pay Taxes.
Commandant Snyman: referred to the
British a3 the "commissary department"
of the 'Boers. He said that during last
March Kitchener had: reported 'more
Boers captured and killed than were ever
in- the Held and that reports of the war
from British sources could not be relied
upon. . •
If there has ever been a sign o£ the protec
tion of divinity one oannot help but see it In
this struggle where only 240,000 "souls at the
beginning of the war are keeping at bay one
of the greatest empires the world , has ever
known. We don't ask any foreign country to
Interfere — we don'f exDect that now — we will
We do ask, though,. that ths nations see that
we are allowed to *cnd doctors to our women
and childrert dying in concentration camps.
The British have refused us' this. They are
conducting- a war against women and children
and not against men. But recently young
Stuyn, a cousin to my President, was shot be
caure he was captured wearing a British uni
form. -How could he help It? All we jj^t
comes from the Britlsh-rour arms, ammunition
and food and clothen. ,
BERKELEY, April 7.— The Boer war
was discussed by two prbmlnent citizens
of the South African republic to-night be
fore an audience of students and towns
people in Hearst Hall. The speakers were
Dr. Hendrik Muller, envoy to the Euro
pean countries front^ the Orange Free
State, and Commandant W. D.'Snyrhan,
a. former English subject, who joined the
Boers from Cape Colony and was later
sent, to America by President Steyn to
represent the republics here. Both men
were received enthusiastically. Professor
Frank Soule introduced the speakers. Dr.
Muller gave a- general history of the
movements of the Boer peoples In Africa
as they were forced to go from place to
place by British arm.3. He then said:
The Bank of •Livermore began suit to
foreclose a | mortgage on the farm that
was given to secure a note for $26,663 by
R. E. . de Lopez, and to-day Judge Hall
rendered a decision In. favor. of the plain
tiffs. He. ordered that it be sold to sat
isfy the mortgage and appointed Clar
ence Crowell to conduct the sale.
De Lopez, who was present, said after
ward that ho would never- let the farm
go out of his hands if he could-help.it.
He vows he will sacrifice his holdings
in Australia before he will permit • the
farm to be sold to any one else. He
complains 1 that the bank people have
pressed him too hard. . - .. .- ..
The farm was . made famous "by the
late Count Gullo. Valensln, an- Austrian
nobleman; who was passionately . fond : of
last horses. He was reputed to be worth
thousands, but when he died- his execu
tors Judge W. E.; Greene and: the late
H. H. Pitcher, found that there was u
mortgage "for $S00O on the farm. The
property was. bought by Be Lopez, sub
ject to this mortgage. . •
De- Lopez > engaged ¦ in" a bitter court
warfare with the O'Brien family ; of
Livermore. g Young O'Brien was <: accused
of assault upon r ".the daughter: of De
Lopez and three times he was tried. At
torneys' were .hired by both sides and
the fight in -the courts ruined, both fami
lies. The . O'Briens were compelled to
leave' Livermore with a fortune gone and
De Lopez now faces a foreclosure upon
his ; property. :-. .
Merriwa Farm,: that famous place '.near
Pleasanton where some of the world's
famous race horses have .been "raised
and the birthplace ot the ; great stallion.
Sydney, Is, to be 'sold under the 1 .' auc
tioneer's' hammer. , : . ."'. , : ' >.-"'•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' < • 1118 Broadway, April 7.
,' An . "honor system" worthy of the name. If
6UCh can be evolved, •' is undoubtedly desired
by all, but Vhereln lies the difference between
a system of faculty policing and the proposed
system of student enlea? The unpleasant .duty
of ' "tattllnjr" lias b«cn .sneered at by the] few
exponents of the question submitted in the re
port, but the fact cannot, be denied that "tat
tling" will be neceseary If the vote la favor
able In order to accomplish the purposes of ths
"honor system." The disrepute 'Into which this
practice .hns . lone . been, held . may be due ¦ to
childish prejudice, but that prejudice, if such
It be, has well nigh become a 'principle which
cannot be suddenly eradicated. .
-BERKELEY, April: 7.— The students of
the University of California were given
en opportunity to-day to decide by bal
lot whether or. not they want an "honor
system" established among them, which
will make them a self-governing body.
"Voting commenced ¦ at '9 a. m. and con
tinued until .4 p. m. Polls will be# open
t#-morrow apd: possibly. Wednesday. In
all about 700 ballots were cast, which is
less than one-third of the number of
students l enrolled. Of these two-thirds
were cast . by the ¦ men and one-third by
the women.- The Californian, the college
daily, comes out this morning editorially
• in ; strong opposition to such a system.
Baying: . '
Officials — Referee. William Greer Hmrl6on;
etarter, George James: timers — Phil Wand J.
Hammersmith. John Elliott;' judges — Thomas
Ka.rrl£, Gecrge Elliott, Charles Harris; clerk.
B. Cavil!; scorer, J. Sturtcvant; announcer,
G*orge Hensley. ,
440 yardu (record 7:S5 1-5) — J. Walker. C. S.'
M. A.; C. C. Bcnifteld. P. H. S.; C. Kopke. C.
F. SI. A.; L. It. Dennison, 1*. H. S.; S. L.
Hamm. L. H. S.
lfcn yarfis (record 1:11)— C. C. Boalfleld. P.
H. S. ; M. Hamilton, L. l£. S.; F. Sievers, P.
H. S-: F. H. Abbott Jr.. L. H. S.
8V) yarCs (record 1C:32 2-5) — C. Kopke, C.
B. M. A.; L. U. Dennlson. L H. S.; J. Eggn-i.
f. H. S.; S. L.. Hamm. I-. H. S.; A. Mc-
JCichol. C. B. M. A.
220 yards (record 3:24) — F. Craft*. P. H. S. ;
M. Hamilton. L. II. S.; F. Eievers, P.. H. S.;
D. G. Voikxnan, L. H. S.
The fourth annual swimming tourna
ment cf the Academic Athletic League
v.ill he held at the Olympic Club on next
FrI5ay evening. The affair is in charge
of a committee composed cf Herbert Hau
ect, Lawrence Dallon and Theodore Vos
burg. The entries follow:
emic League to Eo Held at
Oivrapic Club.
Fourth Annual Tournament of Acad-
AMATEUR SWI1OEERS TO
TRY FOR NEW RECORDS
Commandant Snynuan
and Dr. Hendrik Mul
ler Lecture.
Students Vote : on the
; Question of Solf-
J-x'v -Control. ;
Auctioneer Is to Sell the
' ; Famous Breeding ; ;•
ground.
BERKELEY. April 7.— The University
of California cadets were reviewed this
morning by President Wheeler, accom
panied by Professor Frank Soule. The
ceremonies took place on the campus.
Officers were detailed; for the review as
foilows; . Acting' colonel, Captain R. S.
Springer; acting lieutenant colonel, Cap
tain R. G. Hunt; acting major, of First
Battalion, Captain M.. E. Deutsch; act
ing major of Second Battalion, Captain
R. H. Kelley; acting major of Third
Battalion, Captain N. Vanderbilt.
At the close of the review, President
Wheeler addressed the students briefly.
He commended military training and
said that students should bo of such a
spirit as to obey an order from a single
source.
Cadets Pass in Review.
-OAKLAND, April 7.— The biggest box
ing contest scheduled on this ; side'of the
bay is that between Spider Joe Welch
and Kid M.cFadden at the Reliance Club
to-morrow evening. This is one. of the
best matches 'that has been arrange 1 ! in
the State, for both of the men are well
known and thvir records are. of the best.
Neither man ht3 ever been whipped, and
Welch has a record of thirteen knock
outs to his credit. : -
Welch and McFadden met at the Acme
Club some weeks ago, and *ach man feels
he ha3 an old score to settle. This con
dition alone would indicate a good fight.
Jack Capeltas will fight eight • rounds
•with Jlmmlp Har^ilton of Stockton, and
Charles Cc'Iins." will go six rounds with
Willie Bourne." ' . . \ • •
and the Fight Will Be a
/; Good One. * C,"'
Both Men Are" Trained to a Finish
WELCH AND McFADDEN" - - .
WILL MEET TO-NIGHT
MERRIWA FARM
UNDER HAMMER
SAYS BRITISH
SUPPLY BOERS
HONOR SYSTEM
UNDER BALLOT
OAKLAND.'* April 7.— A party. of tour
ists took advantage to-day of the first of
a series of "all day for a dollar" excur
sions that was held under the auspices of
the Board of Trade. -The party, escorted
by Edwin Stearne. visited all the points
of Interest In Oakland and its environs,
going as far as Hay wards and 'Berkeley,
and wound up at the Metropole Hotel,
where a dinner was served. ~ These tours
are designed to advertise Alameda
County to Eastern visitors and only cost
a dollar. They leave San Francisco Mon
day and Friday at 9 a. m. via the creek
route ferry.
Success.
first •of.Geries of _/'All; : -Dayxf6r .:* Dol
"s" -I : r; .Jar 1 ! -Excursions : -P«rj.es.l' .*-;
TOURISTS SEE 'OAKLAND
; < -AND ITSi ENVIRONMENT
•Councilman Fitzgerald Introduced a bill
to regulate operation of ': automobiles,'
requiring brakes, bell, horn- or other sig
nal, with white light ahead at night.,. The
maximum speed was flx6d at eight- miles
an hour.r The bill was referred to the
Ordinance and Judiciary Committee,.* • ¦
i Under' resolution, adopted to-night, the
salaries of all statutory city officials and
employes for -April, May and' June will
be carried over into the next fiscal year
because of a $35,000 deficit that Is ¦ threat
ened. This order affects all heads of de
partments, - Cquncilmen, policemen and
others whose salaries are fixed by char
ter. Firemen are not included. .,
Because of an error in the omcial print
ing of a notice, the application of the
Oakland and . P-iast Side Railroad Com
pany for a franchise over the line of the
California and Nevada Railroad right of
way was continued until April 23 for re
submission. ... . ,
cials Will Be Carried Over
for Three Months.
OAKLAND, April 7.— The CJty Council
to-night unanimously re-elected Council
man Louis Schaffer as President of that
body for the year beginning April 7. -
Salaries of Oakland's Statutory Ofii-
COUNCIL RE-ELECTS ', "
SCHAFFEE, PRESIDENT
By appearing in court to-day Springfield
disclosed his whereabouts to Mrs. Gor
don, an. attorney of. Sacramento, whom
Mrs. Springfield has retained to prevent
her husband from securing a divorce.
Mrs. Gordon stated that Springfield filed
suit fcr a separation from' his wife in
Stockton a few days ' ago and hoped to
win it without ¦ Mrs. Springfield's knowl
edge. - " ' - -¦¦•, -. ¦
ALAMEDA, April 7.— William H.
Springfield, an ex-preacher, formerly a
resident of Lodi, and who achieved wide
spread notoriety by deserting his wife in
the East and eloping to California with
his niece. Miss Mary Kirchoff, appeared
m the Justice Court to-day as plaintiff in
a suit he brought to recover a case of
household goods from j Mrs. J. Knox of
C09 Central avenue.
. When Springfield's dual life was ex
posed by his wife, who followed him to
i-odi. he sold a ranch he owned near that
town to Mrs. Knox for 52500, and with
his niece sought seclusion elsewhere.
Springrield claims that Mrs. Knox took
irom the ranch the box of goods he seeks
to obtain and which he alleges is his
property and was not included in the
:<ale of the ranch. ¦
by Deserting Wife and Elop
ing With Niece. . .
W. H. Springfield Achieved Notoriety
FORMES PREACHEB
Js-r . FIGURES IN SUIT
-O'Brien readily" identified the wares as
having been removed from his stock. Ber-'
lln was unable to make a satisfactory exr
planation and was therefore turned over
to .a policeman and sent to the City
Prison. : ' ' * ' ' * -¦ ' "
A friend who learned of the f armer s
plight s furnished bail for his
In court and the. elderly, shoplifter was re
leased.
The grocer" swore to a complaint charg
ing Berlin with' petty larceny. It was on
that that the old man appear
ed this morning in court. He was alone
*and unrepresented by attorney.
"All I ask now," said Berlin, "is a
* couple of days- in- which to. arrange to
make my plea." - -
' -The ( time j was granted by Police . Judge
gjmlth, who looked from the: bench rather
curiously upon the man at the bar.-. Berlin.
r presented .'nothing *6f' the professional
thief. All he has said so far about the af
fair is toi8Ugeest;that he must have been
drinking. . - «. ;>'
•Court charged .with, shoplifting.
Qn Saturday, the. old man was caught at
Austin O'Brien's • grocery store, Four
teenth and Peralta streets, with a mlscel
la.neous assortment of edibles, which the
grocer charges Berlin with having . taken
from his stock. ¦, , ¦• "¦ r ¦
'¦ Berlin drove up. to the store, hitched his
team' outside and went into the grocery,
ostensibly to make some purchases. A
short time later O'Brien saw the. top of
a bottle of olive oil sticking out of his
customer's pocket., The grocer knew Ber
lin had'not .purchased the oil from him,
; although the bottle was from his stock.
..The. old man was, brought to book and
the police were summoned.' Out in the
wagon . and from Berlin's capacious
pockets were recovered half a dozen cans
of salmon, several bottles of oil, nutmegs
and tinned sardines. .
OAKLAND, April 7.— At the age of
61 years, Carl Berlin, a Fruitvale
•farmer, well-to-do ,. and prosper
ous, stood to-day in - the Police
I further believe that our city's growth and
needs require that changes be made in its
charter; but will only, mention on* section
thereof, and that relates to the Board of Pub
lic Works and the Board of Police and Flr«
Commissioners, composed as they are of the
Mayor,' City Attorney and City Engineer. The
tendency of the United States Government ard
of all large corporations and firms Is to cen
tralize power in one head; so • modern ctty
charters centraliie powsr in the Mayor and then
hold him responsible for" commissioners appoint
ed by htm and the condition of affairs gener
ally. Appointees may all be good men when
selected, by the Mayor, but sometimes men
change their minds when temporarily clothed
with authority; so if the Mayor Is to be held
responsible for his appointees, he should hav»
power to remove the same: for cause.
In conclusion, gentlemen, I would also rec
ommend that there be more unity and harmony
between all departments of the city govern
ment, especially between the legislative and
executive branches. It is common rumor that
the taxpayers are heartily tired of to much
dissension for personalt gains and know full
well that the city's interest is overlooked "and
greatly suffers thereby.'
/Changes Should Be Made.
Realizing the Importance and necessity of
early action in this matter, I shall soon appoint
a committee of five or seven prominent citizens,
whose reputation and ability will be unques
tioned, to .carefully Investigate and report with
recommendations the . most ! practical | and.
feasible method for' municipal ownership : of
water, and possibly other utilities. y
Our city ha3 reached a stage of development
where we cannot much longer put off -Without
danger of losins; prestige and restricting further
progress certain other improvements. We will
soon have to consider the question of beautify
ing our present and securing other large, public
park« the Improvement of three main thor
oughfares, remodeling our sewer system and
providing more sturm water facilities, mad
necessary by annexed territory and Increased
population. , .
I -would like particularly- to call attention
to the- unsightly and dangerous .condition of
Telegraph avenue. . The property-owners on
thfs avenue have twice been taxed for perma
nent Improvements, but owing., to the poor
quality of the work done and accepted by the
city the Improvements did -not have any per
manency ' The life of the bitumen has been
spent, and the expensive repairs or patches on
it each year is equivalent to throwing -away
that much money. I recommend that proper
steps be promptly taken to make this Wide and
prominent main avenue an , attractive feature
of our city. . • .l. t ;. v
' I. would recommend submitting. to the peoepla
the question of municipal ownership of water.
This matter has become & crying necessity, for.
with the present condition of private ownership,
it cannot help being a bone of contention in
our body politic, which has and always will de
stroy ' .confidence in our- municipal affairs and
retard the growth and prosperity of our city.
Ownership of Water.
~ I would ' again call attention of your hon
orable body to the fact that one of the first
and most Important Improvements, which I
think should be submitted to the people, is
the erection of a new City Hall. All agree
that the old City Hall Is too small for present
needs and requirements of our city. For one.
reason still more Important would- 1 press the
need of a new City Hall upon the attention
of your honorable body, as well as of the pub-
He, and that is the imperative need of are
proof vaults to preserve our records, the de
struction of which would entail endless trou
ble and possibly great loss- to the city. No
prudent business man would think of keeping
such valuable documents in a wooden build-
Ing.
Another great and important need. I think, is
more good school buildings to accommodate
the- steadily increasing enrollment of schojl
children. Our educational department should
keep pace with the rapid growth of the city,
or, better still, keep ahead of it.
In view of the . fact that we have over 20C0
crosswalks in a worn-out and dangerous con
dition, especially in the older and more thickly
settled portions of the city, and it is unlikely
that any means can be obtained from tha tax
levy- to- repair same,. I would recommend sub
mitting, to the people the question of bonds for
repairing with bitumen all crosswalks and cul
verts throughont the city; \ ¦ .* : "-*.\^r
In his message Mayor Barstow urges
the passage of an ordinance taxing vari
ous businesses to increase the income of
the city. . ' * '
The needs of the city he summarized aa
follows: • ..; - o-- ¦ - •". .
The Mayor then took up each depart
ment of the ¦ city government and • an
alyzed each • separately. He - paid the
highest compliments to- the Fire, Police,
Street, Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph,
School, "Free Library and Health depart
ments. / ; ' ¦ •¦
Compliments Departments.
Our income i» based upon a rery low assessed
valuation of city property, and restricted by
the city charter to 1 per cent_of our popu
lation aqd class, so that when unusual items
Of cost or expense . occur, like the defense of
the water rate -suit, and Increased water rates
for flre hydrants, we cannot expect any per
manent improvements, but have to practice tha
closest economy to provide proper maintenance.
The average taxpayer who understands this
situation ¦ can reasonably expect but little per
manent-improvements In any one year or term,
and must realize that only a bonded indebted-*
ness will afford the improvements necessary to
promote our city's best Interests. .
Following this general statement of pol
icy, the Mayor announced that he favored
improvement clubs as bringing the peo
ple into closer touch with municipal af
fairs. Speaking of the inability of the ad
ministration to make permanent Improve
ments, he said:
It Is said of a man who is seeking a city
or town for -the purpose of locating a business
or Investing capital, that some of the Brat ques
tions he asks are: "What is the financial con
dition of -the elty? What Is the tax levy.*
Is the valuation of property for. tax purposes
high or low, as compared with its real. value?
These inquiries are at least among the first.
and ofttime the. answers to them decide the
question of Investment. Tnt levy. Indebted
ness and public improvements are the things
to • be considered In determining the character
and management of a city government.
To the Honorable Council of the City of Oak
land — Gentlemen: A city government Is a
large institution, and In order to be successful
and give good government to the people it must
be run on business principles. ¦ .
States His Policy.
Mayor Barstow to-night read his annual
message before the City Council- It fol
lows in part:-:. --V; - ¦>
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway. April 7.
The old man's body will be buried at
the expense of the county, | none having
appeared to claim the mangled* remains
of the septuagenarian.- "*""•¦ -"
The ' records show that Nichols was
among the first lot of convicts that oc
cupied Folsom Penitentiary. He has
live commitments to San Quentin- Prison
asainst his name. ; - - •
The old man wore a kindly expression,
appeared harmless and industrious, and
was able to earn a living at his busi
ness ;of tending gardens and lawns'.
••Among the effects Iound in his room at
the Alaska House was a letter of recom-
I mendation from the Associated Chari-
I ties." Of late Nichols had been givert as
sistance and. employment by the Rev.
E." E. Eakerf •
Other belonging's of the dead -man were
-a pistol ' and a -finely- ground caseknife.
The detectives took - possession ; of the
knife, which they claimed was to be used
In throwing' back I window" fastenings by
insertion between the frames where the
catch . was sprung.
The old man was an expert gardener..
He was once in. the employ of' United
States Senator George C. Perkins . short.
ly after the Senator s term as Governor
expired. JNichois busied himself day T
times with his flowers, and at night com
mitted . burglaries . galore. One of his
minor crimes in Oakland cost Nichols a
ten-year sentence. He broke into a room
at the old Oakland race track. After
capture and sentence, . Nichols feigned in
sanity so successfully that he was com
mitted to the State Hospital at Agnews,
from which he escaped, after remaining
there three of four years.- ¦
Detectives Denny -Holland .. and. A.
Shorey to-day identified' the • body of
Harry Nichols, , the, aged :. gardener who
was killed yesterday at Berkeley by a
Southern Pacific Company train, as one
of* the noted 'house-breakers and all
around criminals of California; Seven
terms in- the penitentiaries of this istate
had Nichols served- . He completed his
last term of imprisonment 'at Folsom
penitentiary in November. He had' been
sent there from Los Angeles County for
burglary. : ; . .-
Nichois was 70 years of age, and more
than half his ' life - had been . spent in a
prison ceil. He was known to: the police
of- the State as an expert burglar, and
extremely clever at enlisting sympathy
of courts and juries, . Various are the
aliases of the dead man. He was known
as Nichols, Henry Gardiner, J. Hogac
and H. Coosan.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
• 111S Broadway, April 7.
The afternoon session was taken up
with demonstrations of school work and
in the evening a concert was given under
the direction of Alfred Wilkie.
County Superintendent of Schools Craw
ford delivered an address of welcome and
Introduced Mayor Barstow, who said,
among other things:
"What the world wants to-day Is prac
tical men. not theorists. After a common
school education the time spent in learn
ing some trade or business will tend more
to a young man's success in life than the
years spent in securing a high school edu
cation. The high school boy Is usually
not inclined to begin at the bottom of the
ladder in the common walks of life then
open to him."
. The other speakers were S. D. Water
man, the Berkeley School Superintendent;
Superintendent of the California Cotton
Mills Myron T. Holcomb; A. A. Denison,"
J..F. W. Sohst. G. S. Langan, C. C.
Hughes, Alain eda School Superintendent;
Mrs. Kate Mclntosh and Mrs. K. B.
Scheuch. ' , ¦ ?;
Some prominent men,, including the
Mayor, were there to tell the teachers
some. of the things that ougnf to be
taught to the youth intrusted to their
care. The general trend of 'me talk was
that urging a. dispensation or more prac
tical knowledge— utting pupils .for the
struggle of lite that is berore them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
• ? 1118 Broadway. April 7.
Teaching and the duties of teachers to
ward their pupils were the burden of a
series of iive-minute addresses that were
delivered at the opening session, of the
Al&meda County Yeaehers 1 Institute this
morning in Hamilton- Hall. :
as^Aldermen itr the First and Second
„ war^;_ They are E. A. Kulo. an attorney.
•- art? Charles A. Jackson "a laboring man.
The rest of the city ticket went RepuSf
t ST. PAUL; Aprnr— SJostof tni"*tt:*ns
~. end cities of North Dakota held;muni
.' cipal elections to-day. The most notable
result was in the Mayoralty • contest at
¦ Fargo, where Mayor J. A. Johnson,.Re
¦ publican, who is serving his fourth
¦ term, was defeated by W. .*-. D.
Sv.eet, who ran as the Business
Men's candidate. Mayor Johnson's de
feat is attributed to division in h!s
party ranks and to the vote received by
The Social Democratic -candidate, which
was Ixceptionally lar^e. Mayor Johnson
Is well known throughout the, country,
having been president of the League
of American Municipalities. . i
DUBUQUE. Iowa. April 7.— Mayor Berg
was to-day re-elected by over\3000 major
ity, running on the Citizens' ticket. The
remainder of the Citizens' ticket also
went through except the office of Treas
urer, which was carried by the Demo
crats. The Citizens gainci two Aldermen
e:y2 will ccntrol the Council.
At Battle Creek the first Socialists ever
chosen to office in the State were elected
DETROIT. Mich., April 7.— Except in
Grand Rapids little interest v.as mani
fested in the city and township elections
held throughout Michigan to-day and none
but local issues entered into the contests.
The weather was cold and raw and "in
the western part of the State snow fell.
In Grand Rapids, where the water supply
scandal has figured as one of the prom
inent issues of the campaign, £he Repub
licans gained a sweeping victory, electing
their entire city ticket, headed by W.
Millard Palmer for Mayor, whe wa*s
named last Saturday, after the death of
Arthur Rood, the regular nominee. The
Republicans ' also elected seven of the
twelve Aldermen; giving them a majority
of four in the Council. _-¦
BUTTE, Mont., April 7.— In the mun
icipal election held in this city to-day
the Democrats carried six out of the eight
wards. The Republicans and Labor party
each carried one. In Anaconda tne Dem
ocrats carried five out of the six wards.
HELENA. Mont.. April 7.— In the city
election to-day the Republicans elected
their entire ticket with the exception of
two Aldermen by majorities ranging from
150 tai 300. F. J. Edwards was re-elected
Mayor, E. S. Walker Police Judge and
T. B. Kirkendall City Treasurer. The
contest was on local issues.
HARTFORD, Conn., April 7.— Organized
labor won a victory in Hartford to-day.
Following the example of Bridgeport and
Ansonia, they have elected a Mayor of
the city. They captured the Democratic
nomination and their man, Ignatius A.
Sullivan. c,Jerk in a clothing store, re
ceived practically the solid vote of the
trades unions. Major Dwight was the Re
publican nominee. The Republicans elect
ed a majority of the Common Council.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, April ".—The muni
cipal election in Columbus resulted in
me re-election* cf Kdward C. Irees, Re
publican, for Clerk or tne Police Court
and L. JD. Andrews. Republican, £or
Justice of the Peace, by t>w and 4uJ ma
jority respectively. The Republicans also
retail control of the Council, electing
eleven of nineteen members.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. April 7.— The new
Cleveland City Council will be composed
cf twelve Democrats and ten Republicans.
At Ash tabula John F. McMillan was
elected Mayor on the Union Labor
ticket by 14a majority. The total vote was
heavy, ihe Union Labor party electing a
majority of their ticket.
* TOLEDO. Ohio, April 7.— The Repub
licans have elected their ticket, headed by
Frank Van Loo for Street Commissioner
by nn average majority of 1100. They
aiso liave ten majority in the Board cf
Couacilmen and a two-third majority in
the Board of Aldermen. This is a com
plete political reversal.
Estimates on returns througn Ohio in
dicate a eonsiderabie average of Republi
can cams.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, April 7.— In to
day's election \V. H. Jackson. Democrat,
•who has served on the Superior bench for
the past five years, was defeated for re
election by. Probate Judge Howard Ferris
"by over 16,000 on a total vote of 42.000.
which is only about naif of the total vote
registered last November. "While the vote
cast in Cincinnati is one of the smallest
on record Xn recent years-, the Republican
plurality is the largest.
rente received »>,3yi, Jackson 11.S51 and
tr.e tSocialis-t ticket less man 2iKw.
Remains Are Identified by
Members of Oakland De
tective Force.
Practical Work; in Schools
Is Generai:Theme of
.Discussions
Organized Labor Wins a Vic
tory at Hartford,
Conn.
Makes" Suggestions as to
Needed Improvements
in 'Oakland.
Says Good Government Is De
manded by Prospective
Investors.
The* Berkeley \ Local Kills
Harry Nichols, No
; ; rjtoriou^ Burglar.
Institute of Pedagogues
Hears Prominent
Speakers.
Republicans Make Very
Noticeable Gains
in. Ohio.
MAYOR BARSTOW
READS MESSAGE
AGED CRIMINAL
VICTIM OF TRAIN
TELL TEACHERS
WHAT TO TEACH
CITY ELECTIONS
IN SIX STATES
AGED FARMER STANDS BEFORE BAR
GUILTY OF CRIME OF SHOPLIFTING
Carl Berlin of Fruitvale -Enters Grocery Store, Fills Pockets With
. Goods and^ When Arfestedf^djjak^
"'tense,-; but Suggests That He Might Haw^ Been prinking
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902.
S
9
! :, .; ' JAKE JOSEPH. Representative;. 30O_ Battery Street. San Francl»co- J'THE O^LI^'S K.-A.OI3STC3- FCDTtML OHIA.K.T
SALT LAKE, Utah. .April 7.— At , the
Salt Lake Athletic Olub to-night Janies
Flynn of Utah was given the decision
over Willard Bean of Colorado in a twen
ty-round bout. ...
Elinn Is Given the Decision.
The Louisville fighterv forced, things in
every round: The knockout blow was a
solar plexus, and came after a hot mix
up, during which O'Brien was unable to
land effectively, while Hart sent rights
and lefts to his opponent's face and body
with such rapidity that it was impossible
to keep count of them, j * :
' LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 7.— Marvin
Hart of • • Louisville ; knocked out Dick
O'Brien of Lewlston, Maine, in the third
round to-night at Music Hall.
Hart Knocks Out Dick O'Brien
OAKLANDBACETRACK^Monday, J.^lDOS-^eatherjfine. JTrack^ muddy.
3557. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; "to first. $325. ~
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. %. 94. Btr. Fin.. Owner and Jockey. Op? <fl."
3025 Skip He. 4 11« 3 4 H 3 h 2 % In W.Covington & Co.Vkry ' 6 - 12.
3186 Victoria S. 3 104 2 11-1% 1 IVi 2 1% B. Schrelber Jackson 5 10
3f-29 Blackthorn, 3 109 17 2 6 1 ,6 1,-S % Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 5 9
3540 Marineuse, 4 118 7 6 1% 4 % a h 4 Vi J. Conway ..Hoar 3 2
3215 Modder. 4 .118 6 3 1% 2 % 0 h ' 51 J. M. Crane Troxler • 0 3-2
3533 Canderos, 5. 121 8 51 51 7% 04 W. B. Jennings. .U Daly 2 3
354C Sleeping Child, 3.106 10 2^4 1\Vi 4 ij 7 1' J. J. Moran. .... .Stuart 20 50
3540 LaCalma,4 .11G 5 8 1# 8 'V 8 1 8 2 Elmwood Farm See 10 30
3425 El Karn, 4... 118 4 10 » % 0 10 0 20 W. H. Grlsslm. . A. Kelly 15 40
3545 Sir Claus, 3...... IPS 9 9 % 10 10 10 A. B. Spreckels. Bozeman 8 10
time— Y t . :24%: %, :50U: %. U03M. Fair start. Won first three ' driving. Winner, W. '
Covlngton & Co.'s blk m. by Al> Farrow- Lady Lyon. Winner outstayed Victoria S. Mar
ineuse should have finished closer up. ¦ . Modder quit. Canderos away poorly and ridden
••the overland.^ _ Scratched — Novla 119, ¦ Claire White 116.
3558. SECOND/RACE— Four two-year-olds; to first, $325.
Indtx Howe and Weight. St. #. %. Btr.' I; Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? '(fl.
3552 Alsono 110 2- ... 1 tf 1 1% 1 1% Burns & waterhs.Rnsch 3-5 4-3
3552 Deutchland 113 4 ... 2 3 .2 % 2 % B. Schrelber Troxler -3 3
3516 Arabo 113 3 ... 3 5 8 4 84 W. B. Jennings .. L. Daly 8 3
3534 Estoy Listo Ill 5 ... 4»/£ 43. 44 El Primero Stable See 60 200
Clivoso Ill 8 ... 6 1 64 5 10 E.J.Baldwn & Co.Bzemn 20 15
3552 Josie Wheeler. ...10S C ... 7 10 7 10 6 V' E. I. Wheeler. .... .Dyer 100 ' 300
3510 Fire Dance 103 7 ... • 6 1^ 5 % 7 25 Paplnta ..Campbell 100 300
Jockey Club Ill 1 ... 8 8 8 W. Fisher.. .....Frawley 8-200
3534 Leo- Nolan .111 Left ... S: McNaughton ¦ ¦. ¦ Tullett 80 100
Time— \i, :24%; %, :50. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner!
Burns & Waterhouse'a ch. g. by Altamax- Sonomls. Alsono galloped. Arabo away none .
too well. Estoy Listo will win soon. ' Clivoso away poorly, showed plenty of speed. '>
Scratched — Orfeo 118. . . - ¦ ; .
3859. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward ; to first, $325.
• ' Betting.
Index Howe, Age,' Weight. St. %. . %. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. •
3344 Eonic. 4 D8 3 2 1% 2 1% 1 1% 1 1 Caesar Young... Jackson 1 7-10
330S Obia, 4. ..........104 5 31-3% 28 27 P. Ryan. ....... .Ransch ' 8-5 2
3544 Sir Hampton, 5.. 106 2 A V, -4 1% 3 4 3 4 < .' Geo. Miller. ....:.. .Hoar 67
3499 El Oriente, 4 100 1 5 10 5 10 44 45. E.J.Baldwn & Co. L.Daly 10 -25
3530 Tlzona. 5 ....103 66n6% 02 '88 . Partlngton Bros. .. Stuart -30 100
3535 Devereaux, 6 103 4 In 1 1 5 10 6 3 8. Merriweather.Fntlery ' 30 300
3499 Slap Dash. 4 Ill 7 7 7-7/7 ; J. V. Klrby. . . ; . .Conley 50 200
Time— %, :24%; %, :49V4: %, 1:15%; %. 1:28%: Fair start, : Won easily. ' Second and third ¦
driving. Winner; Caesar Young's ch. m. by Eon-Mermaid. Winner best. - Obia no ex
cuses.- Others outclassed. Scratched — Diderot; 100. • . • ..? • ¦ ¦ . •;
35C0. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Altamax Handicap; 3-year-olds and'up; to first, $400.
Index Horse, Age. WelghtJst. %. *A. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "(fl. ' ...
9S3X Constellator, 5.... 108 12711 14 13 T. H. Ryan Ranschl* 3-2 6-5
3536 Col. Ball'tyne. 4..102 4 34 34 2n 2 4. James. Wilson... L. Daly 5-2 21-5
(3513) Beau Ormonde, 4.. 10C 2. 11* 2B>8 3 W. Macdonough.. Troxler 5 ', : 7
3518 WatersCratch, 3.. 08 3 4 4 ' Pulled up Summers & Co. .Jackson 1 13-5
Time— H. :25%; %. :49%; %. .1:16%: mile, 1:43%. Poor start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, T. H. Ryan's b. g.by . Brutus-Constellation. . Winner smothered
his company. Ormonde gave it up. Waterscratch slipped In the stretch and was pulled
up, broken down. Scratched — Headwater 102.
3501. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards; selling; three-year-olds 7n^u^r^^ir8t.^$325?^*
Index Horse.. Age. Weight. St. %. JJ£v str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci".
8543 Marshal Neil, 4. .111 4 8% 3 1^1 2 1 8 R. 'A. Smith. .. .Jackson 8-5 8-5 •
2535 Decoy, 6.. ..102 3 1% 1 1% 3 1% 2 n Georse Miller. . . . . :Hoar . ¦ 6 10'
3520 Constable, 3 ..83 7 6 2 4 h 2 h . 3 2% Musto & Ruiz. ...Knapp -6" 0
3490 Galanthus, 4. -...'.103 1 4 3 B6 5 1. 4 V/, J. Coffey. . . . .Fauntleroy 3 3
3521 , Fridolln. 4 ...101 6 2 1 2n 4h 5 2 G.W. Scott.. .Wlnslette 15 25
3543 El Mldo, 6... .....112 2 5 h 3 n 6 1 6 h J. S. Campbell. ..Ransch 3 4
3532 Lodestar, a.. .....112 5 7 7 7 - 7 ¦ O'Keefe &Co.:. .Hafley - 12 30
Time— H. :25;'. i,4, :43%; - %, ; 1:16%;: mile, 1:43%; :'lm 100yds. 1:49»4. Good start.' Won
easily.- Second and third driving. .Winner, R. A. Smith's ch. . h. by Tammany-Ayrshire
. Rose. Marshal passed Decoy when asked. ¦ Constable improving some. • Galanthus received '
stable backing. Going probably did not suit El,- Mido. Scratched— Anthracite . 100, , Phil
'._ h |bald_lll._McNama.ra 1<^._ Lento 06. El Pilar 06. . : . ¦ i;. ¦,•:'¦ ;:
3503." SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first; $325. '
Index Horse, i Age. Weight. St. %. %. Btr. : Fin. Owner and : Jockey. O^i?^ "ffl.
3544 Kickumbob. 5 100 6 . 2 1% 2 n 3 4 1 %; G.-B. Morris.... Jackson " 6 , 0
(3535) Bernota, 4 ..106 '6 . 6 8 3 1% 1 1 -2 4 Burns &* Waterhs.iKanch 8-5 8-5
35:18 Impromptu, 4.... 109 7 3-.%. 514 3 33. Montana Stable.. L. : Daly 8-6 11-5
<34HG) The Singer, 6. ."...109 5 .1 . i? 12 2 1% 4 8 Magrane & Co. ..Troxler 6 13 :
3153 Alicia, a..... 108 8, 4%,4h 5h- 62 P. Moore. ......Bozeman - 20.-^100
(35KJ) IDiomed. 5........111 4 82. 610 6 8 04 . Brown & Co." • Conley 0- S
3547 Flourish, 3....... 107 1 -7 i } . 7 8 • 7 15 ,7 20 < H. a. .Wilson. .. ' Stuart 20 '-60
3553 Bab, 4. .....106 2 •¦ ¦>¦ 8- '.¦.¦. 8 V : 8 . 8 .' . William CalUU.'.... Hoar £ 12 30,
Time— M, :24U ;..%...:«%;•. %. 1:16%; %. 1:30. Good start. Won first three driving. Wln
ner, G. B. Morris", br.* g. by Idallum-Marla F. Bernota would have galloped In had Ransch'
not taken him up In the stretch. .: Daly, on Impromptu, rode a sleepy- looking race. Diomed
. . apparently did not like the going. . Scratched— Mike.. Strauss 109, ¦ Sly 113, Dlvlna ¦ 09, Par- 1
- - Elf a! 106. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-¦'./¦¦'•-..•¦' ¦¦,''''.'".'.•¦_¦'¦.¦ ¦.",;'•.
Kickumbob is either a vastly Improved
horse or else Impromptu has gone back
dreadfully.. :
Flourish;and Bab-were cut; off at-the
start of the last rdce. spoiling any chance
either may havchad. .¦
Only Ten More Days
In which to vacate premises. To-morrow
(Wednesday) at 'j a. in. there will posi
tively be placed on cale 2000 pairs Ladles'
Fine Shoes for 50c; also 5000 pairs Ladies'
and Men's Standard $3 50 and $5 Shoes,
all sizes, widths ar.d up-to-date styles, for
tl 90 a pair. Richard Pahl's former place,
tZi Kearny street. . •
It speaks well. for the unerring skill of
the sharpshooters when the combination
book was compelled to retire from busi
ness. .
The handbooks about town were hard
hit over the win of Skip Me. Vlckery
rode quite a clever race on the mare,
which was sparingly backed at the track.
The voice of Announcer Bob McGlbben
Is still missed from the betting ring. Bob
Is, confined to his home from the acci
dent that has kept him in retirement for
more than two weeks.
Lee Jackson piloted three and Ransch
two winners.
Track Notes.
First race — Matin Bell, Halmetta,
BatcheL
Second race — Golden Ttight, The
Hoodoo, Marineuse.
Third race — Ishtar, Hubus, Kill
doe,
Fourth race— Oeorgie West, Lizzie
Bice, Nigrette.
Fifth race— Tufts, Mamie Hildreth,
El Eey.
Sixth race^ — Tyranus, Quadra, Eed
vtrald.
SELECTION'S FOB TO-DAY.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs ; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
8422 Tyranus 371 S550 Mission Ill
2551 Quadra 05 S535 Captivate 100
35C1 Constable 97 3478 Fondo 108
3556 Redwald Ill S556 Evander 97
3515 XUgar Ill 3539 Ulm ....Ill
2877 Billy Moore. ..Ill 3520 Dwight Way.. 97
Fifth race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
3539 Tufta 93, 3426 El Rey 108
3509 Forest King., fill 2222 Morellito 110
3324 William F ..107 3414 M. Hlldreth. .101
35^5 Gold Baron ..107i S515 The GaSer ..108
8503 Har. ThatcherlO7i SMO Compass 1C1
Fourth race — Four furlongs; selling; . two
j-ear-olds.
3233 Organfiie 101 1 2522 Xierett* .... 89
<3522)Llzzie Rice.. .101. 3522 Gulda 89
2423 Hudson 97! 2534 Montezuma .. 83
3444 Georgle TVest-1011 3456 Dotterel 84
Third race— filx and a half furlongi; selling;
three-year-clds.
<C50S)Rubus 108 1 S541 IshUr 102
Eolinus 96 8545 WJnnecook ..97
2523 Killdoe 1041 3557 Sir Clans .... 96
2512 Botany 110!
Second race — Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
S375 Graylette .....100i 3167 Cdrriente 114
3539 Elmer L 109 S478 Bonitary ... Ill
S540 The Hoodoo.. 104 3MO Golden Light. 113
3078 Mrs. Bninell..lO4 3557 Marlneuse ...106
S527 B. F. Mason. 109' 3546 Rasp 100
SK7 Modder 1131 3557 El Kara 113
Entries for To-Day's Races.
Following are the entires for this aft
ernoon's events:
First race — Six furlong*; selling; three-year
old fillies:
2511 Satchel 1121 2541 Pirate Maid.. 112
3395 Sterling Twrs.112 S533 Tiba 112
2551 Martin Bell.. 112 1 S297 Halmetta 112
KEW BRITAIN*. Conn., April 7.— Curley
Fupples was substituted to-nigrht for Art
Sin:ms in a bout with George McFadden
of New York. The men fought four tame
rounds. After one minute of the fifth
Supples went to the floor and was' counted
out.
. Curley Stipples Lasts Four Bounds
"Bob" Smith's ! Marshal Nell won the
selling event over a mile and a hundred
yards. Eight to five was quoted in profu
sion, and he led Decoy over the finishing
line eight lengths. Constable, ridden by
Bill Knapp gave Decoy a hard rub for
the place. losing out by a neck only.
After his flagrant exhibition of care
lessness on Bernota, favorite for- the
closing seven furlong run, Ransch should
give up trying to draw fine finishes. Get
ting away well, Bernota was shortly after
cut off. Ranpcli then waded through the
bunch with his mount without any more
effort than breaking glass balls with a
cut-off shotgun. Galloping into the
stretch "Jerry" began taking the favorite
up. when he was passed near the. pad
dock and beaten more- than half a length
by Kickumbob. a 6 and 7 to 1 shot, pilot
ed by Jackson.*
Only four lined up in the Altamax hand
icap at a mile, with Constellitor closing
a 6 to 5 favorite. Ransch also had the
mount ox* this choice, and after racing
Beau Ormonde to a standstill breezed
home an easy first in 1:43%. Colonel Bal
lantyne took the place, four lengths in
front of Ormonde. Waterscratch, which
opened favorite, went back in the betting
to 13 to 5 and apparently could not keep
within hailing distance of the leader the
first three-quarters. While moving up
some in the stretch the big three-year-old
slipped, going to his knees. Scrambling
to his feet he swerved toward the inner
rail and was pulled up In a very lame
condition. Quite likely he will not be
able to race again this season.
Practically unbacked, Skip Me, a 15 to 1
shot, took the Introductory sprint in a
hard drive from Victoria S. another out
elder. Marlneuse, the favorite, backed up
by gradual stages after the start, losing
the show to Blackthorn. Canderos also
failed to do, what was expected of him.
Alsono, the chestnut son of Altamax,
from the Burns & Waterhouse stable,
made auick work of the other starters in
the two-year-old scramble. A 4 to 5
favorite, Ransch soon . had him in front
and he disposed of Barney Schreiber's
Deutschland without effort. Arabo
finished a good third.
The track was in a somewhat slushy
condition and the time recorded was slow
in most instances. /Favorites captured
four of the races run, keeping the book
makers shortening sail almost from the
start. - '
seemed to have completely re
covered from her attack of locomotor
ataxia, for with 98 pounds up she made
P. Ryan's useful mare Obia look like 30
cents in the seven furlong event, third to
be decided. At one stage of the betting
7 to 5 could be had about Eonic, although
she closed at 7 to 10. and with Lee Jack-
Eon in the saddle beat Obia by a length
and possessing considerable in reserve.
Sir Hampton and the others were out
classed and outfooted. The winner was
entered to be sold for $400, and in easy
stages "Packey" Ryan bumped the price
up to 11500; then he rested. Caesar Young
responded with the customary $5 bid and
the mare was led back to her old stable
quarters.
BOOKMAKER CAESAR YOUNG
brought the Burns handlcnp win
ner Eonic out of retirement again
at Oakland yesterday. She
Orr Trophy and Perpetual Badge
Are Competed For at ; Twenty- i .,
¦ - Five Bluerocks. • -¦ ¦ .
Despite the stormy weather, the Mill
wood Gun Club held two competitions . at
its new grounds at Manzanlta on Sunday.
The two trophies contested for were "the
club badge and the John K.'Orr silver
cup. ' The badge is a. perpetual prize,
which is competed for : every month at
twenty- five birds. The cup is . contended
for at the same number of birds for six
consecutive club shoots, the high gun re
tiring after each contest. After the six
shoots the high guns thoot . off for the
trophy. The club badge was won on Sun
day by W. H. Price and the Orr cup con
test by W. L. Arnold. The scores were as
follows: -
MILLWOOD GUN CLUB
- HOLDS MONTHLY SHOOT
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Menace won, Ecome second. XV. B. Gates
third. Time. l-A0\i.
WASHINGTON. April 7. — Bennlnss sum
mary:
First race, five and a *ialf furlongs — Maru
¦won. Alick second. Illuminate third. Time,
l:10?i.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Tus
can won. Blue and Orange second, First Chord
third. Time. :57.
Third race, seven furlong-s — Handicapper won.
Alpaca second. Curtsey third. Time, 1:29 2-5.
Fourth race, four and a half furlong* — Tom
Maybin won. Blue Delft second. Mystic Bell
third. Tim*. :57.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Pigeon Post won,
Ohnet second, Redpath third. Time, 1:16 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and forty yards — Wood
chuck won. May J second, Fablus third. Time.
1:49.
Third race, the Country Club handicap, one
mile — Vulcain -won, Ampere second. Siturian
third. • Time. 1:43.
Fourth race, four furlongs — Louise Collier
won, Philo second, Cresslda third. Time, :5O54.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course, selling
> — McLaren won. Golden Link second, Precurser
third. Time, 2:5SV«.
tjecond race, lour and a half furlongs, purse
— Mallory won, Onatus second, Henry M.
Daniel third. Time, :56*i.
First race, one mile and seventy yards, eell
ing — Trebor won. Pay the Fiddler second. Syn
copated Sandy third. Time, 1:50.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 7. -At Mcnt
g-oinery Park to-morrow the Tennessee
Derby, at a mile and an eighth, will be
run, and six starters are assured. Abe
Frank and Ed Austin, Bennett's entry.
are prohibitive favorites in to-night's
betting, at 1 to 4. Lou Woods and L*uc
cleuth are quoted at 5 and Red Hook and
H. L. Coleman at 8. The indications are
that the Derby will be run over a good
track. Summary:
Favorites in the Derby to Be
Bun To-Day.
VUXCAIN WINS HANDICAP
AT MONTGOMERY PAKK
Bennett's Entries Are Prohibitive
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
"Golden Gate avenue
Is now a lagoon,"
Sang the good people
On Sunday at noon.
And "Swim Out for Glory"
They sans at their kirks
And offered a. prayer
For our fine Board of Works.
downpour on Sunday brought
1 1 upon the wise heads of the Board
I of Works new and original ana-
JJL themas, for Golden Gate avenue,
now much depressed; was a veri
table swamp. Strangers who traversed
the locality imagined that the water-filled
holes were so many natural springs or
overflowing wells, and in consequence of
several narrow escapes from drowning it
was deemed advisable for the proper safe
ty of the public to call for the assistance
of the men of the various life-savins sta
tions.
They came with boats and cork life
preservers, and launched their craft \ in
the vicinity of Leavenworth street. Their
timely presence was fortunate, for within
an hour the occupants of three vehicles
had jolted out into the Golden Gate-ave
nue lakes, and, had it not been for the
rescuers, might have been carried away
by the tide which flowed from hole lo
hole in torrents that resembled the over
flow at Niagara Falls.
Several economical parents, to save car
fare to the beach, stripped their dear off
spring of ' their shoes and stockings and
sent, them to wade and paddle in the
puddles. Cattle, having heard of the
Golden Gate-avenue ditches, came friskily
to town from San Mateo to cool their
hoofs and quench their thirst, and milk
men brought their pails from adjacent
dairies. .. . ¦ . .
Then arose a heated argument between
officials of the Spring Valley 'Water Com
pany and those who favor the city's own-
Ing its own water works. The former
contended that it had the copyright on
water supply, and therefore threatened to
obtain a writ of injunction against any
other corporation that might desire pub
licly or surreptitiously to take by mouth,
pipe or other means one drop of that pre
cious water. The members pf the Board
of Works were called up "by telephone;
and while the wrangling was at flood-tide,
came upon the scene and defiantly argued
and persuaded and pleaded that to no
one else did the water holes of the ave
nue belong .but to them. . .;,
The monopolistic argument advanced by
the board drowned alL opposition, and so
the Spring Valley Company officials went
'way back to Lake Merced, while those
who . favor the city's ownership of the
water supply retired to discuss the ad
visability of calling a mass meeting to
consider, whether the Board of Works ia
justified in maintaining and encouraging
an unlimited set of reservoirs on the once
favored drive.
' Owners of fishing smacks have taken
issue with those who oppose the original
device of the Board of Works, and, in a
petition to the board, they give as a rea
son why the water holes should not be
disturbed the plausible contention that
while the lives of the fishermen are im
periled by the variable gales on the bay
fishing could be indulged in on Golden
Gate avenue with comparative safety to
life and craft.
-Yesterday several well-known oystsr
merchants visited the avenue and unani
mously declared that the water holes
would make admirable oyster beds. ." They
have already drafted- a concise and lucid
petition to be presented to' the 'Board * of
Works at an early date, in which they
pray' for the sole right to the holes for
the cultivation of the bivalves.
The Board of Works, however will
hardly care to part with' its very own
pet scheme. It maintains the avenue in
its present condition wit** a sublime
tenacity. •
THE CALL'S CARTOONIST ILLUSTRATES SOME OF THE MORE PROMINENT -^FEATURES OF GOLDEN
GATE AVENUE ROADWAY WHICH MAKE RIDING OR DRIVING ON j THAT THOROUGHFARE SUCH
AN EXTREMELY POPULAR FORM OF RECREATION. • ,.
Jack O'Brien will box "Kid" Williams
£t Stockton on April 15. The preliminary
battle will be between Snailham and Gil
feather.
On Friday evening next Eddie Hanlon
and Frankie Xeal will box ten rounds be
fore the Acme Club, Oakland. They aie
training hard for the contest. Dave Barry
and Harry Foley, two clever welter
weights, will box ten rounds the same
night. Manager Lavigne is making an
effort to match Tim Heggerty and Rufe
Turner for April 23.
On the evening of April 15 the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club will give its regular
monthly boxing exhibition. For the main
event Tody Everett and Joe Angeli will
box four rounds for the amateur light
weight championship of the coast. A spe
cial match has been arranged between
George Peterson of the Olympic Club and
George Saul&bury. Manager Levy tried
to match Peterson against Teddy Wolff,
but the last named does not want any of
Peterson's game for some time to come.
The other contests will be between Wil
liam Cardelll and Fred Carter, Joe Hall
'and Joe McDonald, "Monte" Attel and
John Crow, Lou Powell and Eddie Galla
tin and Phil O'Mera and Otto Knoch.
These bouts will be four rounds each, and
will be refereed by Jimmy McDevitt.
This evening "Kid" McFadden and
"Spider" Welch will battle at the Reli
ance Club. Both men have trained faith
fully for the contest. A large delegation
of sports will cross the bay to see the
contest.
On the evening of April 23 the Olympic
Club wiil hold its regular "ladies' night."
Leader Hammersmith is arranging an ex
cellent programme. Twenty-tour wres
tlers will appear on the mat at the same
lime and exhibit their skill.
The Olympic Athletic Club will show
Its appreciation for the kindly treat
ment accorded its members by the Bur
lingame Country Club by giving a boxing
Eight in its special honor the latter part
of next month. The affair is being ar
ranged by the club's leader, John Ham
mersmith. Special invitations will be sent
to every member of the Burlingame Club
and they will be treated to some of the
best boxing bouts ever presented at the
local athletic institution. Ko outsiders
•will be able to enter the clubhouse on the
night of the exhibition. The affair vlll
be exclusively for members of the two
clubs. The friendly reeling that exists
between the two organizations is being
developed, as both are promoters of am
ateur sport. A baseball game between
teams irom each club is in prospect-
Manager Muma of the Olympic Club has
issued a challenge in behalf of his team.
Hayes Valley Association Has
Fine Card for This,
Month.
Amid the hustle and bustle which ac
companied the opening of the baseball
season poor Charley Sweeney passed into
the great unknown, friendless and penni
less, at the City and County Hospital.
Sweeney was one of the greatest pitchers
the, world has ever known. .: In his prime
he played with the old Providence club,
and was heralded as a wonder wherever
he went. He died alone, however, forgot
ten by the thousands who once cheered
him. •
It is a noteworthy fact that the people
of Los Angeles have not begun to kick at
the umpires yet. It is to be hoped that
they will continue to be good, for if they
once begin it will. be necessary to have a
couple of umpires built to order for their
especial benefit. .
Captain Shugart handles i the willow
equally well from! either side, something
very unusual for a batsman. Consequent
ly all pitchers are alike to him, whether
they be southpaws or right-handers. ..
Unglaub, the Senators' second baseman,
is as trim a ball player as any who ever
acted on the local field. If he plays as
good a game as Flood did last year the
Sacramento public will be well satisfied.
Rube Waddell showed the Los Angeles
cranks' that he could field and hit a little.
For some unknown reason .Waddell was
hit hard in the opening game, but on Sun
day he did some very clever chasing in
right field, and won the game 'with a long
drive to center.
Hodson of Oakland predicted'that Law
lor, the local center fielder, could navigate
to first as fast as Dougherty,' who played
with Los Angeles last year. Hodson is
not wrong" in his prediction, for Lawldr
gets down to the first bag as fast as any
player ever seen at Recreation Park, with
the possible exception of Barrett and
Mercer of the All-Americas. •
George Decker was replaced by Ather
ton in the Oakland-Los Angeles game on
Sunday. Decker signed with Money for
the season, and assured the southern
magnate that he would soon regain his
old-time form. He fell down at a critical
period . during the opening contest, how
ever, and Morley was afraid to trust him
further. Decker wa.s the best first base
man in the National League a few years
ago. If he fails to make good he will
soon be forgotten, like Amos Rusie, John
Clarkson and numerous others who shone
in the past.
Nordyke hits the ball just as hard as
ever. In the first game I he ¦ rapped out a
four-cushion swipe, and on Sunday got
two singles. Dyke will no doubt be among,
the top-notchers In the average column
when the season Is well advanced. r
Captain Shugart has made quite an im
pression on the crowd, though they; have
seen him play but Vwice. tvery time he
comes to the, bat cries of*"Hlt it out, Cap"
greet him fr.om all sides. _ .. -
, San Francisco and Sacramento will com
mence a new series of six games, begin
ning to-morrow at Oakland. The AVednes.
day game across the bay is' a new addi
tion. It -will afford the fans > in the
suburban towns a chance to witness" two
games a week instead of one, and as th«;
race for the flag becomes more interest
ing undoubtedly many of this city's en
thusiasts will make the run over the pond.
Charley Sweeney Dies in
Poverty at County\
Hospital
Special Entertainment in
Honor of Burlingame
Club.
George Decker Fails to
Make Good With
Los Angeles.
OLYMPIC CLUB
RETURNS FAVOR
10
DIAMOND NOTES
AND COMMENT
THE SAN FElNGISCp CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL S, 1902
RAINS MAKE SWIMMING AND BEATING
NEW FAD ON GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
COMPETITORS.
Club Badgre.l Orr Cup.
E. Moldrup
E.L. Head....
S. C. Nash
E. A. James
F. B. Turpln.. .........
A. L. MeLeod...
Charles Kewell......
R. H. Van Norden
W. H. Price
J. New-lands ....:......
C. Ashlln
W. L. Arnold
W. Mersrelder
18 -
15
17
10
15
10
15
15
10
12
17
17
24
16 ..
23
Withdrew
20
Withdrew
20 . .
» 22
' 22
Withdrew
: 20
24
23
COMPETITORS.
Club Badgre.l Orr Cup.
E. Moldrup
E.L. Head....
S. C. Nash
E. A. James
F. B. Turpln.. .........
A. L. MeLeod...
Charles Kewell......
R. H. Van Norden
W. H. Price
J. New-lands ....:......
C. Ashlln
W. L. Arnold
W. Mersrelder
18 -
15
17
10
15
10
15
15
10
12
17
17
24
16 ..
23
Withdrew
20
Withdrew
20 . .
» 22
' 22
Withdrew
: 20
24
23
Nature's Sweet
Is the name applied to "sleep /•
Sleep of the nsost restorative
kind follows the use of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S
|ly 1^\ V i -mum. mask;
Recommended by leading physi-
cians as a pure tonic witn
wonderful building-up properties.
Not a "darK beer," but a real
malt extract.
. Atl druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
. -- St. Louis, U. 9. A.
; "Brevets of the famous Budwelser. Mlehelob,
BlacK 6 Tan. Pale-Laser. Faust. Anheuser*
Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
BAILWAY TSAVEL.
ADVERTISE24ENT3.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters,
Try a few. doses of this won-
derful msdicine in the ..spring
when ycu feel ruri-down, tired
ani nervous. It is the best
spring medicine known to -sci.
ence, and will purify the bloo.1,
and build, up the system. It
also cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
La Grippe, Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Don't fail to try it. Our
Private Stamp is over the neck;
otthe^bottle;; 7 V ; /. .
GGKE! GOKE!
Cheap, 1 Clean Fuel [for Grates, Fur-
naces and^Gooking.
There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered • in.:' any -quantity.' Country .orders?
solicited. . P. 'A. < MCDONALD.'- 813 Folsom st.
Weak Men; andv^omen
SHOULD - USE '¦ DAMI AN A ' BITTERS. ; THE
Great Mexican 'Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
ft 1 F r n mill Corner . Fourth '¦¦'ind
. ; • •¦; ."•'.- ' . . valises checked free.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and are due to arrive at
!»AX FKAXCISCO.
(Mala-Ltae, Foot of Market Street )
Xkayk — F80M Mabch 30, li>02. — Amrm
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsun, lilinlra *ud Sacra-
cento 8Jt5r
7.00a. Vscavllle, "Winters, Kiftnsey 7.66>
7.30a Martlaez, San - Hamon. Vallejo,
Naps, Callstogs. Santa Uoaa 6.767
8.00a Darin, Woodland. Knlgbts Landing,
Marysvllle, Ororllle 7-55P
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and Ea»t. 8.25a
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7-25 P
8.00a Nlles. Mcndota. Hanford, Vlsalla,
PortenrlUe : 455»
8.30a Shasta Express— Davis, WUliams
• (for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
ISed Bluff, Portland 7-65»
8.30a San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Marysvllle. Chico, Red Bluff 4.25?
8.30a Oakdale,Chlncse,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25r
9.00a Vallejo- 12.25*
8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lothrop.Stockton.Merced, •
Fresno and Los Angeles "S.25a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and W ay Stations 7.B&P
?10.00a Hayward, Nlles and Way SUtlons.t12.55r
10-00 a The Overland Llmltca — Ogdea,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago......... 6.257
ti-O&r Sacramento Klver Steamers,. til. OOP
3-Q0r Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
. ¦ Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
3-30i* Eayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.55r
4C0p Martlnez.SanKamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callitoga. Santa Roaa 9.25a
4. OOp Nlles, Ltvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25F
4.30P Hayward,Nlles,3anJose,Llvennore t8.5&A
4-30p The Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulare,
Bakerafleld, Saugus lor Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
.5-007 PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6-OOp Martinez, Aotloch, Stoclcton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12.25p
t530r Nlles Local 7.25a
6. 00p Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7-65*
tS.OOr Vallejo 11.25a
6.C0p Oriental Mall — Ogden, Denver.
Omaha, St. Loals, Chicago 4-25*
7.00r San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
*7.00p Vallejo 7.55*
8.05r Oregon A California Express— Soc-
. ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, Fnget Sonnd and East. 8-55 a
19.1 Or Hayward and N llea til. 65 A
COAST LINE ( >arrow Uan S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
. 8.15a Newark, Centervllle, Baa Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations. 5.507
t2.15r Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder -
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way StaUons 10.50a
4.1 5* Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos +8. 50a
•9.3Qp Banters' Train— San Jose and Way
Buttons. $7.20?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tf:15 9:00 11:00 a ji. 1.00 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:OU i3:00
+8:03 10:00 Ajf. 12 00 2.00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Broad Gauge).
(Third anil Tuwnaend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and W»y Stations......... 8.40a
. 7 00a San Jose and "Way Stations T8-C0A
, 7-OOa New Almaden........... /AAOr
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
; . Gllroy, Sallnan, San Lois Obispo,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
8 00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, . ¦
- Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Lnls
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10y
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 348a
1245* San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Ban Jose, •
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, t
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
• Grore t10-45A
3.30* San Jose and "Way Stations. 1.30*
t4.1 5f San Jose and PrinclpalWaySutions 6.307
4.60* Sunset LlmitAd— Monday, April 7th.
Uth. 21st, for Los Angeles, El
Paso,Ne w Orleans and New York.
Last train leaves New Orleans '."'¦"
April Uth 10.16a
tS-OQ* San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations.. t3.00A
5-30* San Jotve%nd PrtnclpalWay Station! 6.307 '
6.30* San Joae and Way Stations. 7 .30*
7.00* New Orleans Express*— San Lais
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Pemtng, El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 11.30a
•1 1 .45* San Jose and Way Buttons ......... 7. 30*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and .Friday*. r
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTEXN RY. Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot or Market St.
* 6an Francisco to San Rafaal.
WEEK DATS- 7:30, 9:00. U:00 a. xn.; 12:33,
8:30. - 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra,
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trip*
at 1:50 and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 », m.i I'M. 3:3«L
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
8an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:80. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:40, 3:10. 0:15 p. m. Saturdays— Sxtra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 3:i0.
6:08. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ' I In Effect I Arrt-v*
San Franclaeo. |Apr. 28. 1901 1 San FTa-ndaco.
Week I Sun- I -¦- I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. [ Destination | days. | Days.
T:30am| 8:00am Novato. 10:40am) 8:40am
S:30pm( 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm{l0:23aaa
5:10pm{ S :00pm Santa Roaa. 7:3Spmj 6:20pni
¦ Fulton.
7:30am ••¦- Windsor, 19:2Sata
B :00pm Healdsburjr, 10:40am
.Lytton
I Gey servllla.
8:30pm 8:00am Clover dale, T :33 pm 6:20pta
7:30am 5:00pm . Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am QuerneTlUe. 7:35pm
t :30pm C :00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9 :13am 8 :40am
* : t and
5:10pm B :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:08pm 8:20pm
T :30am! 8 :00am I |10:40am!10:23an»
8 :30pm| o:00pm( Sebastopol. | 7 :33pm | 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at
QeyservlUo for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for tho Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsey v tllo, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and BartUtt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Sara tog*
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witt*?
Springs. Upper Lake. Fomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's Buckneirs.
Sanhedrln Heirhta. Hu11t1U«. Orr-s Hot Sprtnji,
Mendodno City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Us«i
Wllllts, Laytonville, Cummlna. Bell's Spring*!
Harris Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond ¦ San - Rafael at half rates.
Ticket * office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
HOUNTTAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Saosalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. . Foot of Market St. San Fran.
fSO a. £00a. p^- MnmXlt „„„ M 1M 1.00 p. 9;43 A.
rare, SurnocSn in Snanlt tad Satan. tl.M). :
. CA4t Oflco, tU M»"7 STKZR tad SAUSjUHO TVLZT.
Weekly Gall *1.00 ?erYear
ADVEETISEMENTS.
IT'S WELL
To .know the perfect finish; and cleanli-
ness, we impart .to every piece of linen
that leaves our ; hands.
We've the kn*ack of attaining perfeotlon
In this important part of ; a gentleman's
attire and the patronage of particular
people which we" retain ought to convince
you that we can please you.
No saw edges. >, v
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— Sputh 4-2O. " r «K;
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave,
No Man Too Rich
No Man Too Poor
To hold shares In Tacoma Company
Steel Corporation. Better than
bonds, better. than mortgages, bet-
ter than real estate, better than
bank account. Properties worth
$4,000,000 and advancing.- Control
1 iron and steel ¦ business of tho
Northwest. Shrewd investors buy-
ing shares now in beginning of the
enterprise. Values will quadruple
In a year. Dividends in January.
Prices - advance April 15th. Read
prospectus. Telephone Main 6803.
The American Guaranty & Trust Co.,
Haywards Building.
.FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S €OOTH1ISG SYRUP
has b«en' used f or ' over SIXTT YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREX
WHILE TEETHING,- WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS IT SOOTHES the CHILD, SOFTENS
thVOUMS/ ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC and is ' the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Drurelsts in every part of
. the world. Be . rure and ask for '
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
* : AND TAKE NO * OTHER KIND.
- Twenty-Five Cent* a Bottle. ' r
f 2
Y/jj - 1 . jJTTTwn 1 1 1 1 1 1 rTT-rrrr— j^Cnr ' r
: >Sy
BAli»WAY TRAVEIi. .
•^~^<~-^' >< '''''""'~ w ~*" i *"'^'~ w '*"~*^"" r ' r^' r '"-"-^"-''-"-'"-"'-^
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
I.tivt Market-street Ferry Depot.
¦ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
- .... Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar' Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:46 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
••' Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15al0:50p
"Hanford.. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05a
•• Vlsalta... 3:3«p 5:00a .......
" Bakersdd. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a .......
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 & .......
— Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a lor morning, p lor afternoon.. "
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
¦¦ responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
. 4 :20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Freaao
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. daily. • • . - •
- ' 8 p. m. Is the- . Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
' palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding - train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is B&kersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦: Offlces^ — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. ' San ¦ Francisco; . 1 1112 . Broadway.
Oakland. ¦ . ..-.-¦-'¦ . . . -.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
•. ;-Vlo Sausallto F«rry '.
Commencing September 29, 1001.
FROM SAN.FBANaSCO^OMUX VALLEY
WEEK DAYS— «:55, 8:30, •O^O. 11:00 a. m..
•1-45-3:15. 4:15,"5:15, •eaS. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ; Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays." Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 0:30 and. 11 :40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— •8:00. 0:00, •10:00. 11:30 a. m..
•1:15 3:15, '4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m." :
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5 :25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:14
'a. Vn7. M2.25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p:m. S
EXTRA" TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8:00. 'IOiOO. 'lVAi a. m.
•1-40 •3:15, "*:45, '6:30 p.' m.. ,: .
Trains marked (•) start. from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS-5 :45. C :45. 7 :55. 8 :55, • 10 :30
a m. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. :
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesday a
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. 1 m. - *
•¦• SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05.' 2-13.
3:30, 5:00, 0:45 p. m. .• • rr\;
. - - . - THROUGH TRAINS.
. 6:55 a. r ». week . days— Cazadero and way
staUons.' ¦ - ' •
.. 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ; . • " '. .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
• stations. •' ¦• , •¦.¦•¦•;.. . • ,
Fairfax, Sundays — 8:00. 9:00. 10:00, 11:30
a. m. •¦:<-'• .¦•.••-¦- ,/ ...- ; ¦ ..;¦ .
¦ < Legal : Holiday boats and trains will run." on
.Sunday time . .. . ...... ,-
:. VT^k ;^r« Gibbon's Dispensary,"
ML±GtJffl 62J) KEARNY ST. Established
Hir™ 1 " 1834 tor the treatment of Private
tSkj^kJajg IMwases. Lost "Almnhood. Deblilty or
lalMMBWWh <1 i wase wearlngon body and mind and
Oinenses. The Doctorcures when
L^aaiMWMHMotriers fail.: Try him. 1'hargen low.
> 0^M<'m'«"> Kunraiilfrd. Cull or write.
Dr. a. F. tilBJBON, tiau Francisco, CaL •¦Owing to the light receipts Oregon Burbanks"
were higher, and firmly held at the advance, al
though the demand. was not heavy." The steam
er brought ' 4177 1 sacks and 1 car came '. In by
rail. . Other descriptions of old ' Potatoes were
quoted steady at unchanged prices. New Pota
toes were offering freely; at \ slightly easier
prices. ..-•-. • S :'¦•'"
rThe market is well stocked with common of
ferings of Oregon Onions, - which sell slowly.
Real' choice stock brings $2 25 easily when ob
tainable. Supplies ' of Green Onions - were , ex
cessive and; only fresh stock brought -the top
quotation. - - -•¦''-. - ' . : • ¦ ¦
t- Receipts of - Vegetables from "the bay and
river were moderate, - but the market *as weak
owing to the absence of - th,e > shipping demand
and the ; Indifferent local " trading. Asparagus
and Rhubprb stood about 'the name, but Peas
were : lower, t with - large ¦¦ quantities '. carried over
from Saturday j selling ' by the sack. Receipts
of Los Angeles Vegetables were large and most
kinds wer« lower.- r • ¦ - .•;;• ¦-.¦- >. •..- ;..-¦.
. POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2i4@3>/4c per lb";
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
;.-. SHEEP— RecelpU,: 17.000 head; market
ulearly to 10c higher. Good : to choice wether*
$5 25@5 75^fa!r to choice mixed, $4 50®5 25;
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 24,000; to-morrow
23,000; left . over, 4000 head. , Market mostly
10: higher. Mixed and butchers', $6 C5ffJ7
good to choice heavy. $6 85(37 05; rough heavy"
$C J6f6 85;. light. $C 40®670; bulk of sales'
$0 75Sx>7. •¦'iUBBB*8S«lia-i«K-;.
CHICAGO, April 7.— CATTLE— Recelnts :
18.C00, Including twenty-two cars of Westerns'
Market strong to 10c higher. Good to prime
steers. $0 600 » 30; poor. to medium $4 25<3>
6 M; etockers and feeders. $2 6005 25- onw«
fl 2r.@6 75; helfers.^2 50@6; canners-. '$1 40®
i 40; bulls, $2 60©5 25; calves, $2 50®fl^
Texas-fed steers, $500; Western steers fid'
$5 20@6. : , I'..*"'
CHICAGO,
HOGS — Receipts, 1800; 5c to 10c higher
Light and. light mixed, $6 60®6 80; medium
and heavy. $6 80@6 92%; pigs, $4 2505 40
SHEEP— Receipts. 8400;- steady to ' 10c
higher. Western lambs, $6@0 85; Western
Bhfcp, $4 50Q0 15. . ' - •. ---;¦
ST. JOSEPH, Apr|l 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
800; steady. Natives, $5@7; cows and helfera,
f 3.25®0 25; veals, $3@3 65; etockers and feedl
ers. $205 25.
ST. JOSEPH,
Eastern Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 5 10>4 5 0%
Closing' :. 5 10% 5 10
PARIS.
Wheat— % April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 10 20 50
Closing .'.22 16 20 45
Flour —
Opening ...........; .20 85 .26 45
Closing 26 80 20 45
The situation : remains unchanged, r White
Beans are still depressed, and colored are none
too steady. - The market Is quiet all around.
Alfalfa Seed Is In light supply, but dull, as the
season is over. / ¦¦
. BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 CO; small White,. $2
@2 40; large White, $2 10@2 35; Pea, $3 50®
A 75: Pink. $1 »O0i2 10;-, Red, $2 50@2 75:
Blackeye, $4 C0@4 60; -Limas, $3 7S@4; Red
Kidneys, $3 60@4 per ctl. - : .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 C0@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, *3 2603 50; Flax, $2 25® 2 50: Canary.'
8V6c for Eastern; Alfalfa s from^ Utah, 10^i@
llVic; California, 10@10%c;y Rape, 1%@2}4c;
mUED J pea's— Niles'. $16002 ; Green, $1 50
Q2;, Blackeye, nominal. . -
Beans and Seeds,
LIVESTOCK XNTEBESTS
"WTXrl* EIGHT '>'H F- MSASTTEUS
Claim the Oleomargarine Bill Za a
Host Vicious Measure in
Principle.
DENVER, April 7.— President John W.
Springer of the National Livestock As
sociation, when interviewed with refer
ence to the passage of the oleomargarine
bill in the Senate,, said:
The livestock interests of the United 8tatea
are not discouraged by the small vote by
which they were beaten in the Senate on the
oleomargarine bill. | We had hoped to beat tha
bill In the Senate and expect to defeat it be
fore - we are done with - It. ' It ia the moat
vicious measure ' In principle ever voted on by
an American - Congress and we shall content
the matter in the House, where the bill now
goes, in conference, and before the- President,
and if forced to do so. through the Supremo
Court of the United States.
If the Senate of the United States can by a
narrow margin of eight votes enact a law
which strikes down one industry which has
teen . built up under Federal enactment to
directly benefit the creamery trust of the
United Statea then any other one industry can
be singled out for destruction, and it would
only be necessary to spend enough money and
threaten enough Congressmen and Senators
with the "farmer" vote to completely encom
pass the '¦¦ annihilation of any American in
dustry. The livestock people of the United
States firmly believe that the Supreme Court
will never uphold such a principle.
, ¦ ¦•¦"".*¦ » - -y ¦
Extends Bank Charters.
WASHINGTON.. April 7.— In the House
late in the afternoon Fowler of New Jer
sey moved to pass under suspension of
the rules the . Senate bill . to extend ¦ the
charters of national banks for twenty
years. The Democrats were taken com
pletely by surprise. As it was at the usual
hour, for adjournment the attendance was
slim. The Democrats attempted to fili
buster, but a call of the House secured a
quorum and the bill .was passed^.
- — ? ' . ' . '
Killed. by Fall From a Bridge.
SAN BERNARDINO. April T.-John
Morgan, a telegrapher • employed at Bar
stow, was killed to-day by falling: from
the bridge that, spans the Mojave river
bed near Barstow. While repalrtne th»
•wires he lost ' his balance. His neck wai
broken, HB&JH
Bran has been advanced 60c per ton. . Mid
dlings and the other Feedstuffs remained un
changed. Hay stands as before, receipts being
ample, but not 'excessive, while the feeling is
rather weak than otherwise.
BRAN— $10 50@17 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— »1» ft0®2l per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21021 50 pel
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25020; Jobbing.
$20 60027 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20021 ; Corn Meal,
$29©2» 50; Cracked Corn. $20 50030; Mixed
Feed $16017; Cottonseed Meal. $20 60.
HAY— Wheat. $901160; -Wheat and Oat.
$8 60011;" Oat,. $8©10 60;'- Alfalfa. $S@11; Clo
ver. $709; Volunteer. $6 5008 50; Stock, $008
per ton. > ¦•.-¦
STRAW—40065c per bale. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEtt.
E Eaker & w. Mich Sergt Casafoy, Angel X
F B Page & w. Mo Mrs Kara, Oakland
C de Witt, St Louia J Drennan A w. 111
M Welner & w. Ark A T Stokes, Portland
W M King, NY F Reposa. Los Angelas
R C Wllllama. Vallejo J W Llndennaa. Cal
G Starling. Sacto J Boyle. Stockton
J Newcomb, Seattle J W Carlco, Stockton
J P Conlon. Angel Isld J E Kyle it w. La Ang
W Flosentlne. Portland W C Shannon. Mo -
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon, $2 7503 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3
e$3 60. ' * ¦
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to - the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $* 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina.^ $4 60; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barreU), $7 3500; in
sacks, $6 85@8 B0; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 CO; Green Peas. $0 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour. and Millstuffs.
; Blocks— Hi*rh. Low. Clou?.
Atchison 19.760 78% 77% 77%
Atchison pfd 3.000 OS% 97% «7%
E.iltlmorp & Ohio... 4,400 106% 105% 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 »6 90 85%
Canadian Pacific... 1.R00 .Ii.m 113 US
Canada Southern.. 700 8«% S3 88U
Ches & Ohio 500 4«ii 46 45%
Chicago & Alton.. 10.800 SS% 36% JJ7%
Chicago & Alt pfd. 2,300 77V4 7«« ,76U
Chi Ind & Louis... 11.500 C5% 64 04%
Chi Ind & L pfd * fZ 7 *
Chi & East 111 " jsQ
Chi & Gt Western. 4.000 24 14 23Ti 24 '
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 100 88 88 S7K
Chi & Gt W B pfd Jri?
Chicago & » \\\. 1.700 238 236 236
C It I & P 1,400 178 j;c« no
Chi Tcr.& Trans.. 400 1R% 1SU is
Chi Tf-r & T pfd... 400 S5« 351? 351/
C C C & Ft Louis. 1.000 103 102 10*
Colo Southern . 1.KO0 2S% 27»i £*/
Co'.o Bo 1st pfd 400 72% 72% 72
Coio So 2nd pfd... 1.4(>0 44% 44 44
Del & Huson 600 171 >4 171 171
Del Lack & Wfst.. 100 21W% 2S9% *>S5
Denver & P.io G... 700 42ti 41 ' 42
Denver & 11 G pfd. 400 91 90% 00*4
,EriK 4,400 37% 30% 36«?
.T.* f let pf« «00 CS% 6S% f,s™
{ £r> 2nd pfd 100 54 54 M
Gt Northern pfd ... 1)55
KockiOK Vr.Ile? ... 1,10* S2 SI R]i'
Hocking Val pfd 000 81% »« gg"*
liUcois Central 3,800 143% 142 142%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
NEW YOPJC. April 7. — The upward move
iKect of stocks, which had attained some head
way during the latter part or last week, did
not prot-per to-<lay in face of the rapidly con
tracting supplies In the money market. The
stocks which were made the leaders of last
veek's movement were the chief sufferers from
the selling. The total volume of dealings fell
considerably below the 1,000,000-share mark
touched on Friday, but considerably more than
one-third of the total v.-as made up of St. Paul,
Louisville and Nashville and Union Pacific.
The selling cost St. Paul 2%. Louisville and
Nashville 1% and Union Pacific 1%.. This
course of events naturally detracted somewhat
from the interest in the conjectures of the
source of the heavy demand for these stocks
and the community of interest and merger pro
ject which mlgnt be aimed at. Wall streefs
suspicion of last week that the movement was
a speculative maneuver to invite a following
in the general market was strengthened. The
ebrupt reaction in these stocks as a result of
the developments In the money market was
chiefly remarkable from the fact that those
developments were generally admitted to be
Impending last -week. The answer made to
this was that abundance of capital In the West
¦would relieve the situation and would give
free scope to the buying of stocks. But when
the call money rate ehot up to 7 per cent this
afternoon, the higtiest point of the season, this
assurance did not avail to prevent throwing
over of large amounts of etock. All portions
cf the list were affected and to-day's losses run
quite generally from 1 to 2 and over that in
exceptional cases. Amalgamated Copper ig
nored the general tendency of the market, as
It fiid when the market was going up. and rose
at the last of the day to 1% over last week.
Other firm spots were In the local tractions,
come of the express companies, Weetinghoune
Electric, Chicago and Alton, the Wisconsin
Central stocks and the Duluth. South Shore
and Atlantic stocks. The action of the day's
grain markets gave some intimation that last
/Week's stock market assumptions of the safety
Tt.' the winter* wheat crop were -somewhat pre
mature. But the flurry In the money market
was the overshadowing Influence and the mar
ket closed active and easy and generally at the
lowest.
A few of the newer bond issues were ad
vanced, but the general tendency was ellghtly
easier In sympathy with stocks. Total sales,
par value. $4.C4O,OO0.
United Btates bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago broke sharply on ! stop orders, long
selling and heavy sales by brokers, presumably
for packers, but there was a partial recovery
toward the ¦ close. Pork dropped from $16 55
to $10 25, closing at $16 42%. Lard declined
from $9 02% to $9 35, closing at $9 47%, and
Ribs declined from $8 87% to $8 72%, closing
at $8 75. It was -thought that the closing,
buying which caused the .recovery,' was by
those parties who had sold early. .¦
-The San Francisco market opened dull and
unsatisfactory, and even those few dealers who
have hitherto reported an active 'market now
say that trade Is- very elow. . : - •¦ ¦• i
CURED .MEATS — Bacon, 12%o per lb for
heavy, 13/: for light medium, 14c for light,
16c for extra light and 15%o for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California
Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $3@9 60 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 60; Family, $11011 60;
prime Mess Pork. $10; extra clear. $22 50023;
Mess, $18 60@19; Dry Salt Pork,' $11 50012 50;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. .. :
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll*i«: 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
8-lb tins.' 12%c. ' . , .
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels 9%c;one tierce, O%o; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & -Co. says
of Hides: "The salted Hide -market shows
a small decline and little Inquiry. The city
butchers are. now. holding fully 20,000 salted
Hides but there appears to be : fully enough
other stock to supply the tanners' wants.
Sound Hide? are scarce and in demand. Horse
Hides are much sought ' after. There is every,
indication that the demand and present priced
will continue for some time. Goat skins sell
readily. All ¦ Furs showed a great advance at
the London sale and are In good demand.''
H1DKS AND SKINS — Uuns and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. -Heavy salted
Steers 10%c; medium. 9(ffO%o: Hunt. Si^SVic;
Cow Hides, Oc for heavy and S@8%c for light;
Stags, C@O>/ic; Salted Kip, 8@8%c; Salted Veal,
Offi-O'/fcc; Salted Cnlf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culla,
14c- Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culjs and
Brands. 15c; 'Sheepskins, shearling*. 20@.'{0c
each; short .Wool," 35(ff 00c each;- medium. 65®
75c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hldfej,
unit. $2 75©3 for. large and $2 25ig'2 r>0 ' for me
dium. ' $1 for srnall and 50c for Colt«; Horiw
Hides 'dry, $1 •» for large. $1 2S@1 CO for me
dium," $1' for small • and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skinb — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry raited Mexican,
25c;- dry Central • American, 32V..C. ..' Goat ¦ Skins
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c. '
'/TALLOW — No. 1 . rendered. ' 5%©6c per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%o. -
• WOOL— Spring : Southern. 12 I months, : 0010c; ¦
do -7 months, 0@llc; Foothill," 11013c per lb.
HOPS — ll@12c for . fair and 12%013%o per
lb for good to choice, first hands. . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue firm under '• light . 5 receipts;
Dairy. Hogs are coming , in ' more freely, while
arrivals of. grain-fed; are smaller. The mar
ket shows several fractional . changes. '
; DRESSED MEATS. . ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: - : '. . ~ ; • ....
BEEF — ?®7%o for Steers and 6©7o per. lb
for Cows. «
VEAL— Large. , 8@S%c; small, . 8%@10c. per
POUnd. • • '-,-.¦¦',.¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ i ; I ¦ . . ¦ -
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%©9%c; Ewes,' 8®S%o
per pound. *. -f / ' . ' , - 1
'¦¦ LAMB — Yearlings, 0@10c perUb; Spring
Lamb. 11%©12%C per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per. lb.
.¦'.'; LIVESTOCK - MARKET. ,
The- following quotations 'are for good sound
livestock delivered at ; Ban > Francisco, ; less 60
per cent shrinkage for cattle : - ¦..-.. ¦ ¦ ¦
' CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
707 %c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.'/-
CALVES — *%®5%c per lb- (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%©5c; Ewes, 3%©4o per
lb (gross weight).' »' ¦: ¦ . - -. •. ¦ '
LAMBS — Suckling...' Lambs, •' $2 CO02 75 per
head or:5%@6c J per. lb> llvewelght; yearlings,
4%@5cper lb. ' ¦;¦¦.- ' ¦ ,, '._ r-..._
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under; C%c;
200. lbs. and over.; 6% c;,' feeders,- 5%@
6%c; 'sows,- 20'. per cent/ off; ;¦ boars, 50 per
cent ; off, and stags < 40 ! per ' cent off , from *, tha
above quotations. X&SSP96SlS^^^-'; s > ''-
Provisions.
Unusual weather conditions continue over the
entire country west of the Mleelesipp] except In
California.- A rcariced disiurbance^ ovtcJies
Wai-hir-gioa^ Idaiio and the northern tier of
Btates. Over the iater-mouniain region and
extending southward to the Mexican boundary
high winds with rain and thunder-storms are
reported. ¦• ¦ ¦ • -
The pressure has risen rapidly along the
coast from ,Po:nt Conception northward.
Over Nevada, Utah and Northern Arizona
there has been a fall in temperature of from
30 to 10 decrees.
Forecart made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight, April 8, 1<JO2:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
thowers in extreme northern portion; fresh
vesterly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday, except
showers in the mountains; fresh westerly
vin<ir.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday, cooler; brisk westerly
*inds, diminishing.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fresh southwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Temperature 7 a. m., 4S degrees.
Alaska Pack:i61%162% Pac A FA.. 2% 3%
Cal Fruit As.103%104 . Pac C Borx.165 — ¦
CalWine Ab.100 100%. Par Paint .. 11% 12
Oceanic S Co 34. . — • 1
Morning Session.
Board — - ' V«i«X^'
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 00
5 California Fruit Canners". cash.. 103 75
5 California Fruit Canners' .;.... .103 S7%
25 California Fruit Canners'.. 103 75
15 Cal Wine Assn 100 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co.* ....12 00
S2000* Northern Ry of, Cal 5s •••••}21 25
$3000 S PI of Arizona (1910) .....114 75
$0000 Spring Valley' 4s (2d mtge)..;..102 75
30 Spring Valley Water. 93 37%
$°000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stmpd) Ill 02%
$2000 S P of C 6s (1905, series A) 106 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Cal Wine Assn .' 100 00
5 Giant Powder Con ' 79 87!a
20 Oakland Gas 07 00
"15 Oceanic S S Co. 34 00 ,
10 Pacific Gas Imp. ...?.- 38 30
40 Spring Valley Water, b 10...... 93 30
. ; 5 Spring Valley Water, s 10 93 50
"1C5 Spring Valley Water 93 50
. Street —
$1000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5s 1..101 00
$5000 N'.P.C R R 5s '. 110,00
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 107 62 yj
- PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
..'"¦ Morning Session.
-Board-., S*S8»£ ¦•'•¦¦;,£¦¦
250 Home 3 70'
200 Lion'....;........-. •• 07
1000 Monte Crlsto .....:.............. 1 45
1000 Petroleum Center, ; s 90 10
1000. Petroleum Center 11
-100 Sovereign, s 90 29
200 Sovereign '29
SO Sovereign 2S
600 Sterling -.. 1 47^i
. - Afternoon Session.
Board-^
200 Cala-Standard 18 ,C
' 100 Junction 19
-600 Lion, b 30 ............... :.i;..;. . 07
1000 Petroleum • Center ..'....-. ........ 10
2000 Petroleum Center, a 00 11 -•
1000 Sovereign , - 28
. 600 Sovereign ........................ 29
1 100' Sovereign, '3 00 . 29 ~ •"
3100 Sterling '...... V 1 47«
1000 Sterling, b 30 ....'....:......;.. 160 1
> 100 Sterling, s 90 1 47^
MINING . STOCKS.
Following were the : sales ¦ in the ' San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' i -Morning Session. Jj^jSBHMw
300 Gould & Curry OS } 800 Overman .... 18
' 100 Mexican .;... -4l| 600 Potosi ... 16
v Afternoon Session. .
600 Belcher *.....". . 10. 600 Mexican 45
; 200 Caledonia .... ,45-200 Ophir ........ 96
600 Chollar ..:... . 12 200 Silver: Hill... 49
-50 Con Cal & V.I 30 600 Union Con... 25
; 400 Crown Point. OS 1
POWDER.
Giant 79% 80%J«Vlgorlt ; 3 3%
SUGAR.
liana .... 3% 4 , Kilauea .... — 9%
Stwlilan .. 33 • 40 Makawell ... 22% 23%
Honokaa ... 10% 12%!Onomea .... W —
Hutchinson . 11% 12%!Paauhau ... 11% 12
MISCELLANEOUS. |
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — |Pac Light ..45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 25% 35
Mutual...-.— 4% S F G & E. 43 43%
O G L & H. — — ]S F G L, Co. 5% 6
Pac G Imp. 2 36 36%'ptktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's.Fnd. — 270
BANKS. ...
Anglo-Cal .. 89 , 90% L P & A....166 ¦ —
California . .425 — Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Nattonl.MO — .
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German . . .2000 — : Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav —. 340
Mutual Sav. 80 • — Union Trustl820 —
S F Sav U..525 . ' - - ¦¦ ,
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..165 — , (Market 100 —
Geary — - 60 IPresldlo 30 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4a qr coup. .111 112 Us qr c (new)139&139s;
is qr reg. ...Ill lll^ISs qr coup... 109% 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. 91% — Oc SS Co 5s. — 101
Bay CPC 5s. 107% — 'Jmbu 3 C 6s. — —
Cal-st 5s.... 117 119 Pac <3 Im 4s. 96% —
C'Costa 5s.. 110% — fk&C H Oa.107 —
Ed L&P. 6s.- — Pk&O R 6s.ll7 120.,
Fer&C H 6s." — — l*wl-st R 6s. 117 • — ,
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 5a. 101% 102
H C&S 5V.s. — — 5F & SJV5S.121 —
Do 6s..... 07 — Gierra Cal6s.lll% —
ti Ang R 5s.ll8Vill»% B P of A 6s
LALC06S.— — (1909) ....113% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114?i —
Do gtd 5s. 103% O905)Sr A. — 10ff%
L A ft P 5s.lO3 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 5sl03 ©906) — 110%
Mkt-st C «s. — 130 (1912); ....110%121
Do lem 5s. — 122% 5 P of C 1st
K R of C Cs.112 — cgntd5s..l20 —
Do Bs.-/... 12094121% Do stmpd.111% —
W Pac C r>s.l00%110V4 5P Br CaJ6s.l38%139%
H R Cal 5s. 114% — BY Wat 6s. — 111%
'Jak Gas 5s. — 11314 Do 4s 2dm.l02%103%
Oak Trn 6s..l23% — Da 4s Sdm.102%-—
Do 1st cns.113%115 Btkn G&ECS.102 104
0ak.WG5s.— 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa" 77 78 ,Port Coeta.. 63% 66
Vlarin Co.... CO — Coring Val.. 03% 94
STOCK MB BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. April 7—2:30 p. m.
FRUITS— Apricots, 9t?llc for Royals and
10913c for standard to : fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8®0c;.'Bun dried.' 5c:
Peaches, 0%@8%c: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@tSc; unp'tted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@Cc
for red and 5%@tic for white; tigs, 4%c for
black and 5%@Bc for white.. ¦ .
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-*0s. «U@6%c; 40i50 f s, 5@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
®4%c; 60-70-s.- 4®4%c; 70-80-s, 3%@3%c; 80-
UO'b, 3©3%c: UO-lCO's, 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
©7%e; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
6%c for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, ; 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. .Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa,' $2 50; Fancy. ?1 50; London Layers.
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 0%®10o;
No 2 8@8Vic: No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10V>@12c -for papershell. 9@10c for
softshell and C@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts.
12©12V.c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 SO@5.
' HONEY — Comb,'ll@12c for bright and »@llc
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@
Cc; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27 %®20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CHICAGO, April 7. — At the outset there were
numerous bullish Influences at work in the
wheat pit.' Cables were steady and the market
was helped by a big drop in temperature.
The Kansas State report was the early bull
lactor. This estimate,' which Saturday was'
reported at 74, was corrected to-day to a con
dition of only 70, as compared with 105 a year
ago. Uhe report aluo showed a loss of 400, OtW
in the acreage irom last year ana a possible
deeitase in me yield of 30.0w.000 butheis.
Utner ataies Had ucen sending 111 lower eau
mates, aim uiese imiuenced an up-turn in.
prices. » Aiay wneut opened }i«P%c up at 7lViW
.x%c. br.orts .covertd, u:ere was &ouie goou
buying and prices iieid • rtrta for some time.
A Chicago paper primed an exhaustive report
tst crop conditions," wnlch. In spite or the dam
ages in tne Southwest. . pruruieed about tfte
came crop as. last year. This lactor, together
with large weekly shipments and a smaller de
crease in the vuible supply of 1.000.UUU bushels
less . than had been \ expected, wore away the
t-age of the bullish entnuslasm and wheat be-
Ka.11 to weaken. Corn, which had some fair
early support, also turned weak and helped
push wheat backward. May' wheat declined
to 70%@70%c, but the bulls turned in again
to the support of the market. Shorts covered
again and there was a good rally. May closing
lirm, %c higher, at 71%@71%c.
Corn ruled weak again. At the opening the
pit crowd loaded up pretty well with long
stuff and when wheat eased they tried to sell,
but found that nobody wanted it at the high
pYices. May closed weak, %c down, at 57%
©58c.
There was little Interest in oats. May closed
easy, %c down, at 42%c
Provisions fluctuated widely again on manip
ulation. The opening prices were higher on
the better hog market and the grain strength.
Liquidation soon set in, however, and carried
all prices downward. May pork closed 5c
lower; rani 12%c down and ribs 12%c lower. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low, 'Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May.. 71% .71% 70% 71%
July 71% 71% 71% 71%
September ..... 71% 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
May " 58% 59% C7% 58
July 5»% 59% 58% 58%/
September 59% 59% 68 58*4
Oats No. 2— . . ¦
May 45 43 42% 42%
July 34 34% 33% 33%
September 29 . 29% 28% 2S%
Mees Pork, per barrel —
May 16 65 16 55 16 25 16 42%
July 16 70 16 72% 16 42% 16 55%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 9 62% 9 62%. 9 40 9 47%
July 9 72% 9 75 9 62% 9 55"
September 0 80 0 R0 9 60 9 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 8 87% 8 90 8 70 8 75
July 9 00 9 02% 8 77% 8 87%
September 9 07% 0 10 8 00 8 97%
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
eteady: No. 3 spring wheat, 70@72c; No. 2
red; 77%c; No. 2 corn, yellow. COc: No. 2 oats,
42%c: No. 2 white. 4. r .%@46c; No. 3 white.
44%@45%c; No. 2 rye, 57c; fair to choice malt
ing barley, C3(S67c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 67; No.
1 Northwestern. $1 75; 'mess pork, per barrel,'
$16 :i5«j:16 40; lard, per 100 pounds, . $9 45@
9 47%; short-rib rides (loose), $8 70^8 85; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $7 75@7 87%; short
clear fides (boxed), $9 20@9 30; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 30;. clover, contract grade
$7 95. . - .
Articles — . ' ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............. 37,000 ¦ 23,000
Wheat, bushels n 20,000 ' 244,000
Corn, bushels 72.000 124; 000
Oats, bushels 111,000 110,000
Rye. bushels 82.000
Barley, bushels 39,000 6,000
, On : the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market waa firm; creamery. 23@30c; dairy
22g27c. Cheese, steady, 12@13c. Eggs, firm'
fresh, 14%c. . ,
\ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December — 2000 ctls, 77%c.
Second Session — No sales. ¦
84c; 4000, 04 %c. December — 2000, 77 %c. r
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Chicago reported .Oats scarce and in
sharp demand. This market>remalned without
change, being quiet, butflrnn| Grays, $1 30@
1 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Surprise. $1 40
©1 45; > black, *1 12%@1 32%f led, $1 30,e>
1 42% cer etl. / ¦ '
CORN — Previous prices rule, with not much
going on. ¦• ' • '¦
Large Yellow, $1 3501 42%; small round do,
$1 35©1 47%; white. $1 40@l 50 per ctl.
RYE— 92%@95c per ctl. ¦ '
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65®1 75 per
ctl.- - - .: ' ' . . : - -' .....-¦- . ¦ -
.'; - CALL BOARD SALES. .
: Informal Sesslon-rO:15 o'clock— May— 20.000
ctis.' $1 07%. December— 10,000 ctls, $106%;
4000, $1 00; 14,000,.$1 05%; 34,000, $1 05%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 07%;
12,000, $1 07%. December— 14,000, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session — May— 4000 ctls,
$1 07%; 6000, $1 08; 4000, $1 07%. December —
SOOO, $1 06%; 22,000, $1 00%.
Afternoon . Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 06%. May— 6000. $1 08.
BARLEY — Futures were weaker, but the spot
market was quoted steady "again, with holders
unwilling to sell the best Feed under 97%c.
The gap between Feed and Brewing is now so
narrow as to be almost nominal, as will be
seen by the quotations. < .• • : •- . _
Feed. 9«%@97%c for No. 1 and 93%@95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 97%c@
$1; Chevalier, $1&>1 2U.
' WHEAT— The foreign markets showed* no
change. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, 230,000;
Danublan, 79,000; Argentine, 145,000; Indian,
28,000; Australian, 35.000. The American vis
ible supply decreased 1,151,000 bushels. ..- ¦
Chicago opened firm on unfavorable weather,
the Kansas State report and' free commission
buying, but afterward weakened on liberal sell
ing, -lack of outside support and the weakness
in corn. The largely increased acreage was a
card for the bears. Cudahy, Armour and the
Southwest sold freely and the crowd was
against any advance. Thus far the State re
ports: as Issued show the following status of
the crop as compared with the same time last
year: Kansas,- 70, against- 105; Missouri,-. 90,
against 95, and Ohio. 74, against 83. All mar
kets are now flatly on an export-basis.
The market was weak and dull, but not ma
terially changed. ' . ' . ' \L ¦ . •¦ ¦
Spot Wheat— Shippips. Jl W; milling^ $1 12%
@1 13% per .ctl.". . ' . '.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago Grain Market.
Sterling Exchange, 00 days — $4 86%
Sterling Cables, sight — . 4 88%
Sterling Cables — . 4 89}i
New York Exchange, sight — 12%-
N»w York Exchange, telegraphic — i»
Silver, per ounce — 03%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......^ — *!>¦>»
Exchange and Bullion.
Offerings at the Orange auction consisted
chiefly of choice and standard grades. The
market was practically bare of fancy fruit and
the demand for this grade was consequently
brisk. Eight cars were sold at the - following
prices: Fancy Navels, $1 05@3; choice do,
$1 40@2 50; standard do, 'J0c@.?2 35; Seedlings,
<>5c@$i 60, according to grade. Conditions in
the open market were unchanged and previous
prices rule for all- Citrus fruits.
New Orleans Bananas were lower under
larger offerings of ripe stock. . . .
APPLES — »*@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and U0c<S$l' for or
' CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 50@.t
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 23; Seedlings, %IQ
1 75- Mediterranean Sweets, $1 75@2; Malta
Blood Oranges. $2©2 50; Tangerines. In quarter
boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25<31 50 In half boxes;
Lemons, 75c®$l for common and $1 25@1 75 for
good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy; Grape
Fruit $1@:{. including seedless: Mexican Ltme3,
$4@4 50; Bananas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1@2 lor Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WASHINGTON,
.PORTLAND. Or., AprI17. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 64c; valley, 65c; blue3tem, 06c,
TACOMA, Wash., April 7.— Wheat 1 cent
lower; bluestem, 64c; club. 63c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
In the Champion mine of Nevada City tun
nel? are being run on the 1600 and 2100 levels
south, of the Champion to connect with the
Providence mine. A large body of rich ore
lies between the Champion and Providence
Elde lines, which will soon be reached.
The 1100 level of the South Merrifield mine
will also soon be connected with the Providence.
A. forty-stamp mill is now crushing ore and an
other thirty-stamp mill will be in operation
very shortly." E. R. Abadie. late of South
Africa, is now superintendent of the Chain
plun.
The following quotations for the United
Railways of San' Francisco were received yes
terday . from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter
&.Co. : Common stock, $24@24 12%; pre
ferred. $62 37%@62 «2%; 4 per cent bonds,
$90; subscriptions, $102@102%.
In connection with the recent sales . of bond3
of the Sacramento Electric, Gas and Railway
Company, and which were presumably due to
certain concessions granted the bondholders by
the company, it is reported that a large
holder of these bonds, who is very prominent
as an Investor In street railroads, has offered
S40 per share for a controlling interest in the
stock of the company.
Oil stocks ex-dividend yesterday were the
ImperiaJ ;20c, or $20,000; Thirty-Three. 10c, or
$10,000. "-
J The week opened . on dull markets, neither
local nor oil -chares showing much life. There
were no noteworthy changes on the Bond j Ex
change »and the only variation of consequence
on the Oil Exchange was a recession In,Pe
troleum Center to 10@llc, against 14c as Sat
urday's quotation. • '.<.-;
A decline in Oceanic Steamship to $34 : was
the only fluctuation in the afternoon.
TACOMA. April 7. — Clearings, $208,805; bal
ances, $46,424; ¦ , . ;- •
SEATTLE, April 7. — Clearings, '$034,113;
balances, $165,158. „,
¦ PORTLAND, April 7v — Clearings. $317,750;
balances $42,577. ¦ "
SPOKANE, April 7.— Clearings, $293,244;
balances, $21,158.
Northern Business.
THE COAST RECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
r.S; minimum. 49; mean. 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
ix>ratures were reported from Eastern stations:
B^ton S2-4O Omaha ...5S-22
Cincinnati 64-44 Chicago «2-24
Philadelphia 52-40 Duluth 38-12
Jacksonville 7R-C2 St. Louis 70-40
New York 56-40 Salt Lake City... 62-52
Washington 54-3." Kansas City ..66-30
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
TTureka 44.58
lied Bluff 04 23.71 22. CS
Pacramento .2S 16.10 17.50
Fan Francisco Trace 17.35 18.99
rresno 10 6.40 10.39
1 nde;x>n<5cnce 10 * 4.23 5.81
Pan Luis Obispo 1.30 21.18 27.87
Los Angeles 06 10.43 14.18
f^an Diegro Trace 5.85 10.65
(120th Meridian— PaelSc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 7—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiatf, a? compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
NEW YORK,' April 7.— Money on call, 4@7
per cent; closing bid and ' asked, 3%@4 per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per. cent;
sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers', bills at $4 67% for demand
and. $4 85%. for sixty days; posted rates,' $4 80
and $4 SS%; commercial bills, $4 Sf»;@4 85%;
New York Money Market.
Iowa Central 1,000 43% -48% ' 48%
Iowa Central pfd.. 1,000 80% 84% \ 84 Vj
Lake Erie & West. 400 69 - ' 6S% C8M>
L Erie & W pfd .:.."... :.. 130
Louis & Nash 55.100 lOU* 107% 107%
Manhattan L 15,400 134% 13.1% V®%
Metropolitan St Ry 4,500 160% 164% 1B4%
Mexican Central... 1,400 .".0 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 800 19% .19' 19
Minn & St Louis.. 100 109 109 108%
MlBFCUri Pacific 6.C00 1CIH 100 ' 100
Mo Kan & Tex 200 24% 24% 24%
Mo Kan £ T pfd.. 200 64% 54>4 . 54
New Jersey Cent.l ... 192
New York Central. 3,800 104% 162% 162%
Norfolk & .West. .. 1,500 57 56% r>6*,
Norfolk & W pfd ... ... " 90
Ontario & West... 1,300 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 10,500 XBI %' ,150 150
Reading 18.500 57% 5«% 50%
Reading 1st pfd... 2,000 82 81% 82
Reading 2nd pfd.. 6.200 «8% : C8 68%
St L & S F 3,500 71% 69% 70
St L & S F 1st pfd. 200 R4 S3 83
St L&S F 2nd pfd. 1,500 74% 74 74
! St Louis S W 100 27% 27% 26%
; St Louis S W pfd.. 200 H0% 59% 50%
St Paul 73.100 109% 167% 167%
St Paul pfd 500 191 190% 190%
Southern Pacific .. 12.100 65% 04% 04%
Southern Railway.. 4,800 33 H 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd... " 2.100 »4% 94% ...
Texas & Pacific 9,100 41% 40%. 40%
Tol St L & West.. 400 22% 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 500 39% 38 . 38
Union Pacific 43,200 102% 100% 101
Union Pacific pfd.. 700 83 87% 87%
Wafcash 4.700 24% 23% 24
Wabash pfd 8,100 44% 43% —
Wheeling & L Erie 200 19% 19% 19%
W & L E W pfd. 200 31% 31% 31
"Wisconsin Central. 7.900 25 24% 24%
Wis Central pfd... 11.S00 47% 46% 47%
Express Companies —
Adams .* 200
American 200 234% 234% 230
United States 100 124% 119% 122
Wells-Fargo 200 202% 202% 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 44.000 66% 64% 66%
Amer Car & Fndry 1,300 29% 29% 29%
Ain Car & Fdry pfd 400 91% 91 90%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 400 25 24% 24%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 53%
Am Snug & Refg. 6.500 4S 47% 47%
Am Sm & Rfgpfd. 900 08 97% 97%
Anaconda Min Co. WX) 115 113% 114%
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 11, COO W% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 11.800 101% 99 99%
Consolidated Gas.. 2.200' 226 224% 224%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 100 118% 118% 118
General Electric... 600 325 323 322
Hocking Coal 1,300 23 21% 22
International Paper 300 22 21% 21%
Inter Paper prd 74(4
Internat Power 1,400 97% 97% 97V-
Laclede Gas 90 "
National Biscuit... 1,100 52 El 51%
National Lead 18%
National Salt pfd 70
North American... 3,300 125 123 124 .
Pacific Coast i\
Pacific Mai! 200 : 42 42 •. Vl
People's Gas 4.fK)0 103?£ 102 ' 102Vi
Pressed Steel Car. 1,100 42 41V, '- 41%
Steel Car pfd . ...." .. .". ~8i^ ',
Pullman Pal Car. 035 |
Republic Steel .... 2.000 .18 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 500 74 -73% 73%
Sugar 5,300 132% 131% 131%
Term Coal & Iron.. 2,300 70 G9 69 U
Union Bag & Paper 900 18% 17% 17%
Union Eag & P pfd 800 84% 8t 84W
U S Leather ; 800 13% 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd... 2,300 84% 83% 84
U S Rubber 400 17 16% lavi
US Rubber pfd... 200 59% 59% 5S'A
£ S Steel 14,000 42% 41% 41%
XT S Steel pfd 9,000 94% 9.1% (51%
Western Union 1,300 90% CO 90%
Amer Locomotive.. 4,700 31%. 31 30%
Am Locomotive pfd 1.200 92% 92 92U
K C Southern 7.000 23% 23 23 Vi
KC Southern pfd.. 2.700 67 . 56 56
' NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ret 2s reg ...1C9 L & N unif 4a... 103
Ij S ref 2s coup...lOJ Mexican Cen 4s.. &i\t,
V S 3s res 108% Do 1st inc .... 33%
U S 3s coua ....10U% Minn & St L 4s.. 103%
U S new 4s reg...i:,"J jM K & T 4g 101
U S new 4s coup. 1:5914 1 Do 2ds 83%
U S old 4s reg ...111 N Y Cen l«ts...lO4
U S old 4s coup.. Ill Do gen 3%» ...109
U S 6s rw 100 N J Cen Ken 5s.. 140
U S 5 8 couo ...106 Northern Pac 4b.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s. 104 Do 3s .. 74J4
Do adjust 4s ..84% Norf,& W con 4s.lO2
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103?ij Reading gen 4s... 99
Do 3%s 98%iStL & I M con 5s.ll7%
Do conv 4s ...109% St L & S F 4s... 101
Can South 2ds...lO9% ftLSW lsts 100%
Central of Ga 5s.llO%| Do Cds 81%
Do 1st ine 80% (Pan A & A P 4s. Sl%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% Southern Pac 4s.. 94%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 5s.'. .122%
C B & Q new 4«. 9«%|Texas & Pac lets.120%
C M&StP gen 4s.ll6%'Tol St L & W 4s. 83
C & N W con 7s. .139% Union Paeiflc 4s. . 10.-.V,
C R I & p 4s... 112%: Do conv 4s.... 107
CCC&St L gen 4s. 103 j Wabash lsta -;..110%
Chi Term 4s . . . . . 88% Do 2ds 110%
Colo & South 4s. 94% Do deb B ... 76%
Denver & R G 4s. 10.1%: West Shore 4a. ..113 •
Erie prior Hen 4s. 100 iW & L Erie 4s.. 91%
Do gen 4s ... 87% 'Wisconsin Cen 4s. 93
Ft W & D C lbts.112% Con Tob 4s 66
Hocking Val 4%s.llO •
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ... 20 Little Chief 11
Alice ... ."....... 00 Ontario ...' 8 00
Breece ... : 50 Ophir »5
Brunswick Con ... 11 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel . 05 Potosi 12
Con Cal &.Va 125 Savage 01
Deadwood Terra . . 50 Sierra Nevada ... 22
Horn Sliver 1 40 Small Hopes . 45
Iron Silver ,.. 75 Standard 335
Leadvllle Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — [V S Steel pfd 935;
Call loans 4fi 5 \V estinghs Com . '. 101
Time loans 4@5 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure ....... 22
Atchison 4s 103 Allouez 3%
Mexican Cent 4s. 83 Amalgamated ... QttU
N E Gas & Coke, G6 Baltic 61%
Railroads — Bingham .... 28 Vi
Atchison 77% Calumet & Hecla.610
Atchison pfd 97% j Centennial 21 '
Boston & Albany. 264 Copper Range.... 92
Boston & Maine.. 194 Dominion Coal... 137
Itoeton Elevated.. 167% Franklin 12
N Y. N H & H...218Vj Isle Royale 16
Fitchburg pfd.... 147% ' Mohawk 35%
Union Pacific 101 (Old Dominion.... 21%
Mexican Central. 29% O.sceola 62'
Miscellaneous — I Parrot 28
American Sugar. .131%' Quincy .i... 125
Am Sugar pfd 119%; Santa Fe Copper. 3
Am Tel & Tel l&2%j Tamarack 167
Uom Iron & Steel. 63% Trlmountain 100
Gt-neral Electric. .325 'Trinity 14%
Mass Electric.-... :i9%|United States 185L
Mass Elec pfd 96% Utah ...: 22%
N E Gas & Coke. 5 Victoria 5%
United Fruit 102% Winona 1%
Daly-West 40% Wolverine 56
U S Steel.. 41% Copper Rng Con.. Cl%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 94% IM. K & T pfd... 55V,
Consols for ac- N Y Central 167%
count 94 5-16 Nor & Western.. fi«%
Anaconda 5% js'or & Westn pfd. 92-
Atchison 8OV4 Ontario & Westn. 33%
Atchison pfd 100% Pennsylvania.... 77W
Bait & Ohio 109% Reading-... 29%
Canadian Pacific. 119 Reading 1st pfd.. 42
Cbee & Ohio 47Vi Reading 2d pfd.. "35 >
Cheo G Western. 24% Southern Ry 34
Cbgo. M & St P. .173% So Railway pfd.. 96%
Den\-er & Rio Gr. 43% Southern Pacific. 67V*
Den & R G pfd.. 93% Union Pacifle 104%
Erie 38 t,nion Pacific pfd. 90%
Erie 1st pfd 70M, US Steei 43%
Erie 2d pfd 55% U S Steel pfd 96%
Illinois Central. ..147 - Wabaah ......... 23%
Louisvl& Nash.. 111% Wabash pfd...... 44
Mo, Kax.s & Tex. 25 Spanish 4s....... 78^3
Bar silver steady. 24 lo-16d per ounce.
Money, -2% per cent. »
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent. • • •
The rate of discount In the open market for
3-months* bills Us 2% per cent. .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 7. — There was no im
provement in the demand for evaporated apples
ar.d quotations were more or less nominal.
State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9<S9%c;
choice, 9Vj@10c; fancy, 10%0)llc.
In prunes the feeling was steady on ¦ all
sides. The large sizes were in good jobbing
demand; small, quiet. Supplies were moderate.
Apricots were In fair request and steady.
Pcarhes were dull. Prunes. 3 V4@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c: Moorpark, lilt
#12%c. . . -
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 8@10c.
" . \ . ¦ - ¦ ., • • "
NEW YORK, April J 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,881 barrels; exports. 2425 barrels; unsettled
and about steady at old prices. :
WHEAT — Receipts, 7S0O bushels; exports,
295,580 bushels; spot was steady. •' No. 2 red,
8-'%c cjevator; No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b.. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80%c f. o. b.. afloat:
No.' I hard,. Manitoba. 83%c f. o. b., afloat.
Strong at first and considerably higher on the
Kansas State report, a • cold wave. West and
covering, the market became weak at midday
with corn; so vigorous was the unloading,
however, that traders were oversold and In
the last hour rallied prices in an effort to re
place sales, the close 'being firm at \^Gi\\v. net
advance.- May, 70 15-16@77%c, closed 77%c;
July, 77@77%c, closed 77%c; September. 7«%
©76-ric, closed 76%c; December, 77«£@78c,
closed 77%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Quiet. Galveston, 18c; California,
21 to 25 pounds, 1814c; Texas, dry, 13%c.
WOOL— Steady. £
SUGAR — Raw, weak, Fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined was steady. ,
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet. No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova.' 8i4@12c. -Futures
clored quiet, net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Tctal sales. 7250 bags, including: May. $5 35;
July, ¦ $5 50; September, $5 70; December,
$5 95; March, $6 15.
Butter Is lowen and - easy at ¦ the decline,
though there is no - accumulation -of^ stock.
Dairies meet with a relatively better demand
than creameries. The j orders for ; the north,
recently mentioned,-, have kept the . market in
very f air ' shape ¦ up to the present. : The ex
change reduced its quotations lc all-around,
quoting creamery at 18@19c.and -dairy .at. -10
Cheese continues plentiful and unchanged. •
There is little change in Eggs. Some in
ferior store are. appearing. on the market, and
are being offered as low as 12%c, but the- best
grades of ranch are steady at the quotations
which have ruled for ten days. There ' are
plenty of Eggs on the market.
Receipts were 55,000 pounds, ,27 tubs and 1
keg. of Butter, .1705 cases of ... Eggs, 10,300
pounds of California Cheese, . pounds of
.Oregon Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. •"'•¦..
BUTTER — Creamery, 2Cc per pound for fancy,
19c for firsts and for seconds; dairy, 16$
19c; store Butter, 15@10c per pound. . ,
• CHKKbL — .sew, L.4tiuo, oiu, icoilc; Young
America, KfflOo; Eastern. i:$0l5o p«t pound. ••
EGGS— Ranch, 14@15c; store, 12}i@13%c per
doaen.
Butter, Clieese and Eggs
OREGON
Flour, qr sks... 12.667) Potatoes, sks... 4.382
Oats, ctls.. • 510 Onions, sks 117
APRIL 7.
Flour, qr sks... 25.600 Wool, bales 168
Wheat, ctls 26,874 Shorts, sks.'.... 50
Barley, ctls 55,792 Tallow," ctls 683
Beans, sks...... 30<s Pelts, bdls...... 128
Potatoes, sks.... 1.47S Hides, No..:... 242
Onions, sks..... 627 Lime, bbls 364
Bran, sks 113 Quicksilver, flks 30
Middlings, sks.. 1,401 Leather, rolls 93
Hay, tons. 555 Wine, gals 45,100
Straw, tons..... 16 Sugar, ctls 1,788
FOR MONDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
Curlett architect — Plastering for a ten-story
office building on lot on S line of Geary- street.
30:6 W of Kearny, W 73:10%. S 38:2% t SK
52:3%, NE 63:0%. N 60:0%; total. $18,330.
Thomas Cullin (owner) with William S.
Snook & Son (contractors), architect Walter J.
Mathews — Gasflttlng and plumbing for a six
story brick building on lot on S line of Mis
sion street, 118:0% W of First, thence along
Mission street to New Montgomery 98:3%, S£
80. NE 59:6. SE 80, NE 39:7%. NW 80. SW
10% inches, 80; $1792.
R. E. Dickinson (owner) with James A. Wil
son (contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees
— All work except elevators. Iron and steel
work and sidewalk lights for a four-«tory brick
building on lot on N line of Mission street.
173 W of Fourth, E 25, N 160. W 60. S 70. B
25, S 90; $26,829.
Builders' Contracts.
Mutual Savlng3 Bank of San Francisco
(owners) with J. R. Tobln (contractor), William
pont. W 20 by N 137:6; $10.
Lorenzo A. Henry to Louis it. Henry, lot
on E line of Mason street, 100 N of Post. N
37:6 by E 55; gift.
William T. and Flora E. Albertson to Francis
P. and Eliza J. Masson and Eleonora R. Mar
tlnon, lot on W line of Powell street, 22:9 S of
CFarrell street, S ¦ :4% by W 137:6; $10.
Carrie C. O'Neill to Thomas J. Fahey, lot oa
N line of Post street. 114:7 W of Jones, W
22:11 by N 68:9; $10.
Jacob Snyder to Adam and Celier Ulm, lot
on N line of Bay street. 91:8 E of Hyde, E
52:10 by N 137:6; $10.
Jane Pomeroy to Marshall Pomeroy, lot on
NW line of Market street, 252:194 NE of
Golden Gate avenue, NE 25. NW 43:1034. N 80.
W 29:1$%, S 79, SE 59:8; gift.
California Land Commissioners to Gustave
Touchard, re-record 45 D. 22S, SE corner of
Market and Spear streets, S 137:6 by E 45:10;
$100.
Charles R. Bishop to Henry Kahn. lot on W
corner of Second and Silver streets. NW 70,
SW 90. SB 47. NE 3a. SE 23. NE 60; $10.
Estate of Catherine Murphy (by Mary Perry
man, administratrix) to James Egan. undivided
% of lot on NW line of Natoma street. 34 NE
Of Russ, NE 18 by NW 75; $1000.
Edward D. Fallon to Mary Fallen, lot on E
line of San Bruno avenue and Eighteenth street,
N 37:6 by E 100, reverting: to Edward D. Fal
lon; $10.
Frances E. Hpbron (trustee of the estate of
Thomas H. Hobron) to Thomas W. and Chris
topher C. Rivera, lot on SE corner of Vermont
and I Solano (Eighteenth) streets, E 100 by 3
110; $2280.
. Elizabeth Delaney (widow) to Hlbernla Sav
ings and Loan Society. lot on W line of Seven
teenth avenue, 275 S of A street, S 25 by W
120; $1.
Lydia B. and Arhtur G. Flak and Flora E.
Werthelmer to . lot on W line of "Fif
teenth avenue, 125 N of Fulton street. N 25 by
W 127:6; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company (corporation) to
Alphonzo Harrington, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 100 S of H street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
A. G. Fuller and B. Fehnemann (by Adolph
Leiser, commissioner) to Mary M. B. Martin,
lot on S line of M street. 65 W of Thirteenth
avenue. W 27 by S 100; $20.
Charlotte R. and Jesse H. Averill and Lillian
M. and Elijah A. Keith to Oscar Herman, lot
on E line of Whitney street, 175 N of Randall,
N 60 by E 125. lot 30, block 27. Falrmount:
also lot on E line of Dame street. 150 N of
Randall. N 50 by E 125, lot 14, block 28. same;
$10.
Daniel E. Saund'ers to John and Alfrida Wld
erstrom, lot 35, block 46 Julius L. Fraaklla
Subdivision of Excelsior Homestead; $10.
MONDAY. APRIL T.
Hobart Estate Company (corporation) to.
Mary E. Reene, lot on S line of Washington
street. 151 E of Van Ness avenue. E 65 by 3
127:8%; $12,500.
W. H. and Mary McNelU to Clara J. Meyer.
lot on Wlme of Van Ness avenue, 107:8 8
of Vallejo street, S 30 by W 123; $10.
Russell Swain to Richard H. Glasford. West
ern Addition block 170, bounded by Cough. Oc
tavla, Lombard and Greenwich streets (quit
claim deed); $10.
George M. and Ella C. Mitchell to Henry E.
Bothin. lot on NE corner of Lombard and Bu
chanan streets. E 137:6 by N 120; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Buchanan,
street, 120 N of Lombard, N 17:6 by E 137:6;
$10.
Mary J. Jones, widow (by Thomas Meakln
and Horace C. Mercer, trustees) to William
Neal, 1800 D. 119. lot on E line of Webster
street, 103:2% S of Washington, S 24:6 by £
87:6; $1700.
Daniel and Alice Horgan to John Mannlx.
lot on SW corner of Eddy and Buchanan
streets. W 25 by S 120; $10.
William O. and Louise I. Henn to Pauline
E. Townes (single), lot on N line of Clay street.
25 W of FHlmore. W 25 by N 102:8%: $10.
Hans and Christine Peterson to John C.
Eggers, lot on S line of Pago utreet, 137:6 E
of Clayton, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Henry P. and Therese Conrady to George and
Alice Austin, lot on E line of Stanyan street,
25 S of Beulah. S 25 by E 118 :.3; $10. •
William T. and Mary A. Baker to Max and
Pauline Pinther, lot on S line of Valley street.
225 W of Dolores, W 32:1. S 115. E 3S:7, N
115; $10.
John and Deborah Stratman (by D. W. Lor
ing and C. F. RUliet. trustees) to Continental
Building and Loan Association. 1877 D. 4. lot
on E line of Eureka street. 173:8 N of Eight
eenth. E 125 by N 49:4; $2930.
Knud Olsen to Joseph Happmeyer. lot on 8
line of Alta street. 204:0% W of Sansome, W
22:2% by S 60; $10.
Flora Caro (widow) to William B. Prlngle,
lot on N line of Bush street, tf7:6 W of Du-
REAIi ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
LIVERPOOL, April 7.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California, 6s ld@6a 2d; wheat in
Paris steady; flour in Paris, eteady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fair but cloudy. , T , ', r -v s ,
Imports of wheat into Liverpool last week
were 118,000 Quarters from Atlantic ports. 28,
000 from Pacific aorts and 43,000 frcm other
ports. , t
LONDON. April 7.— Consols, 94%; silver,
24 13-1 Cd; French ; rentes, lOOf 80c; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, 28s 9d ; cargoes
Walla Walla, 28s <3d; English country maf
keta, firm; import into United Kingdom, wheat,
454,(K)0; imDort/ln United Kingdom, flour,
li)0, 000;, wheat and flour on passage, to United
Kingdom, 4,200.000; wheat and ¦ flour on pas
sage to Continent, 1,5»0,000; Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, 28,000; Indian ship
ments wheat to Continent, none.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON. April 7.— To-day's state
ment of balances in the general, fund, exclusive
of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the division
of redemption, shows: Available cash balance,
$181,947,207; gold, 97,439,138.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April ; 7.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices net 3 to 10 points
higher.
Receipts of California Poultry were too light
to warrant any change in the quotations. One
car of Eastern , was received and readily dis
posed of. • - ¦ ¦'. '. ¦_ , .
..There wero no changes in Game. Recelpt3
were 3S.sks. . . ¦ ' ¦ _ .
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gob
blers and lC@17c~for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50«j>1 7B; Go3lings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5<3>
6 50 for old and $7@S for young; Hens. $4 50Q
6; young Roosters. $G 50<g>7 50; oia Roosters,
$4 OltgiS; , Fryers.' $5 00@G; Broilers, v • $4 50@5
for: large and $2 50@4 for small ; Pigeons,
$1 00@l 75 per dozen for old and>?2 50®2 to
for Squabs. - ¦ ¦ ¦ . ' — - < - : ," / "¦ ¦ • _ • .
¦ GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $rf;
White Geese, 75c@$l 25; Brant. $1 25@2 per
dozen; Honkers. $3®4; English Snipe. $3; Jack
Snipe." $1 50. > ; . ; . , • >\fix
Poultry and Game.
'Another decline in Turpentine.
Wheat weak and Barley somczvhat steadier.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran advanced 50c. Other Feedstuff s unchanged.
Hay easy, with ample arrivals.
Beans still quiet and more or less weak.
Butter slightly lower. Cheese and Eggs about the same.
Provisions very dull, with a break at Chicago.
Hides in liberal snpply and generally weak.
Hogs fajti under light rcccipts^x'i~ J
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
Choice Oranges in light supply and firm. Bananas lower.
Poultry and Game in slender receipt and firm.
Potatoes firm, Onions slow and easy and Vegetables weak.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :
I The stock market was quiet v on the eve of
the settlement, but was inclined to be irregu
lar.' ¦ Kaffirs improved on the discovery that
the speculative position had been further re
duced by realization on -the rise following
peace reports. American stocks - were firm un
til New York became. a seller. The feature
was Louisville and Nashville, which touched
the extremes of 112 and llOVi. clc-Blng at
110%:
The release of dividends had no effect upon
the money market. ..,¦¦•
London Market.
bar silver, 53%c; Mexican dollars. 43c; bonds-
Government, steady; States, inactive; railroad,
irregular. * . . •-....
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Iron locally ruled steady and unchanged.
Pigiron - warrants were nominal. No. 1 foun
dry Northern, $19@20; No. , 2 ¦. foundry North
ern,' $18<S>19: No. 1 foundry Southern, $17 50®
18;, No. 1 foundry Southern, soft. $17 60QI18.
The English markets were higher. Glasgow
closed at Ms Cd and Middlesboro at 47s. 7 %d.
' . Lead was steady and ! unchanged here ¦ and
abroad. New York closed at i%c and London
at £11 8s 9d. . . . -,- .
Spelter was quiet,, steady and unchanged at
New York at 4.40c and London at £17 . 15s.
¦ Copper was easy .'at New -York with spot a't
12c to 12 He for lake, 12.15c for electrolytic and
12o for casting. London: copper prices wwe
unchanged with spot and futures at £52 12s 6d.
NEW YORK, April 7.— A very good • rise In
values for tin was cabled from London : to-day
as a result of a . large • speculative demand.
Closing prices- were £1 net higher, with spot
at , £123 45s and futures at . £121 15s. New
York . followed with a p gain of ' more than- lc
a pound, closing with spot at 27.70@2Sc, with
Btrons. tone. ¦ ' v-; - . ..-•.' ./.>.
New York : Metal Market.
old $1'25@1 40'for Burbanks. from .the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 45@1 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1' 60; River Reds. I $1 50@l 60; Early
Rose for seed; $1' 60@l 70; small Burbanks, for
seed," $1 10@l 30; Sweets, $1 90 for Merceds.
ONIONS — Oregons, $2@2 15 ] for the | best and
$1 75@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3 50®
3 75; Green Onions,. 25@50c per, box.
, VEGETABLES-^Asparagus, extra fancy, 6@
7c per lb, $2@3 per box for No.- 1 and $1 25®
1 75 for ..No. 2; Rhubarbv 50c@$l per box; extra
fancy, $125; Green Peas, l%@3^c; String
Beans, from Los .-Angeles, 8@12%c; Cab
bage, 40c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@
$1 25 per box and 75c@?l 25 per crate: Mexican
Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per --box, including re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12% @20c per
Ib- Carrots, 35@50c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50c®$r per dozen for small ' and $1 25(3>
$1 50 for large; Garlic, lV-^SH-c; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 10@12 VS c ; Mexican do, ! 8@10c ;
Egg ; Plant, from Los Angeles, 20c; Summer
Squash, - from Los - Angeles, - 75c@$l 25; Mar
rowfat Squash, $10@15 per. ton: Hubbard
Squash,' $10@15; Muehrooms, nominal. ' ;-
Western .sheep and l yearlings . $4 50@6; native
lambs, $4 75@7; Western lambs, $5 25@7. ¦ '.
Bullion 02 O.-,| Ophir 95 9«
Caledonia ... 44 4(5 Overman .... 17 IS
Challenge Con 17 18 Potosl 16 17
Chollar 12 13 Savage ...... 03 04
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion . .... . — 0+
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher. . 01 02
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 24 25
Con New York 01 02 Silver Hill... 43 4»
Crown Point. .08 00 St Loul3 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... 06 —
Exchequer .. — 01 Union Con.... 24 26
Gould & Curry OS 09 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norc. 25 27 Yellow Jacket 12 14
Julia 01
MONDAY. April 7—4 p..m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 09 10>
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash.. — O*
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 44 45
Best & Belch. 24 25 Occidental ... 08 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: : : . - . ;
Morning Session.
SCO Belcher ..... 10 1 300 Mexican ..J.. 44
300 Best & Belch. 2K 000 Ophir 9»
100 Best & Belch. 25 300 Overman .... IT
200 Caledonia ... 41 300 Potosl 18
500 Gould & Curry OS
. Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia. ... '45 200 Mexican 45
200 Challenge Con 18 250 Ophir 98
600 Chollar .. 12 100 Ophir »7
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 200 Silver Hill... 4»
300 Gould & Curry 09 80O Union Con.... 25
2C0 Hale & Norc. 23
.-.- SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags : Cubes A, Crushed and - Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse '4.25c; Fruit • Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A,. 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; CO-lb bags. 10c more, -for all
hinds. ' Domlnos — Half -barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c per Ib. No order taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent.
TURPENTINE — Is lower again at 67c per
gallon in cases and Clc In drums and Iron bar
rels. . •
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15%c;
in cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in cases,
21c; 8t!-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases.
26^c.
• OIL— Calif ornia ¦ Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20;. Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled
76c;(raw, 74c; Cases. .5c more; Lucol, 06c for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard OH,'
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 57 & @(!Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 70c; eases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
Cue; "Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42 Vic; cases, 47%c; Co
coanut Oil, barrels, 63%c tor Ceylon and 58%c
fcr Australian. •' ¦•..'¦• - •
¦ ' COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington." $9; Seattle/ $6 60: Bryant, $0 60;
Koslyn $7; Coos Bay. $5 50: Greta, $8; Walls
end, - $8 60; Co-operative WallSend. $8 50;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and S13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania -Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh
Anthracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, 915
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mount
ain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 SO
per ton. according to brand.
Quentln, 5.55c: Wool Bags. . 32@35c; Fleece
Twine.' 7%@8c. ¦ .:.:¦"
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL^TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— -Grain Bags, ' June ' and ' July, 6c; San
11
El
tatio:
usa
3
<»
y ' g D M t
5a ?'| <f ts I
II II If k 1
I s I 3 i ° ? I
c^ c • ? P
•i *» • " . •
,.ao.
».7S
1.70
i.oo
r.2 4G SW Cloudy .54
54 50 SW Cloudy .00
46 S2 W Clear .14
<.12
I.S2
6ti C2 NW Clear .10
C4 S4 K\V Rain T.
.. :«
CS 42 W- Clear" 1 10
¦ <H4 56 SW Clear .00
v
T
D
B
..29
. .-.^
>.7O
1.84
).O4
t.32
).14
90 62 W Cloudy .00
50 4C S Cloudy .«2
C2 50 BE Cloudy .04
50 44 SW Rain .80
«0 50 SW Clear .28
>.S4
t.2«
«>S 52 MV Rain .$<i
58 4S SW Clear T.
v
V
y
. .:;o
..30
. .2S
lisa
..20
..20
).18
).C2
>.74
*.C2
j.eo
).7S
02 52 W Clear 1..J0
70 5n NW Clear T.
50 4«5 SV.- Cloudy .12
«SO 4<i SW Cloudy .17
4C 42 SW Cloudy .60
GG 2S SW Cloudy .05
52 4S W Clear T.
M «2 Jl' Pt Ody .00
El
tatio:
usa
3
<»
y ' g D M t
5a ?'| <f ts I
II II If k 1
I s I 3 i ° ? I
c^ c • ? P
•i *» • " . •
,.ao.
».7S
1.70
i.oo
r.2 4G SW Cloudy .54
54 50 SW Cloudy .00
46 S2 W Clear .14
<.12
I.S2
6ti C2 NW Clear .10
C4 S4 K\V Rain T.
.. :«
CS 42 W- Clear" 1 10
¦ <H4 56 SW Clear .00
v
T
D
B
..29
. .-.^
>.7O
1.84
).O4
t.32
).14
90 62 W Cloudy .00
50 4C S Cloudy .«2
C2 50 BE Cloudy .04
50 44 SW Rain .80
«0 50 SW Clear .28
>.S4
t.2«
«>S 52 MV Rain .$<i
58 4S SW Clear T.
v
V
y
. .:;o
..30
. .2S
lisa
..20
..20
).18
).C2
>.74
*.C2
j.eo
).7S
02 52 W Clear 1..J0
70 5n NW Clear T.
50 4«5 SV.- Cloudy .12
«SO 4<i SW Cloudy .17
4C 42 SW Cloudy .60
GG 2S SW Cloudy .05
52 4S W Clear T.
M «2 Jl' Pt Ody .00THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902.
12
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,- bu^ medium;
Hie reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, -$1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; JSllis carv^
A FREE circle every night. PROF. GEE, 8V4
. Golden Gate ave.; private readings, riOc-$U y
j MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spiriU'return
| to-night, COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. L. HODGSONr—Circle Monday, Wednes-
day. Friday eve.. lCc. 216 Golden Gate aye.'
j W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
eight ex. Saturday; admlislon 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle, 8 p.~m.; sealed let-
-_tels ans., 10c: readlnss, 50c, §1. 132 Sixth.
Mrs. Hubbard. 103 Oak— Circle Tues. and Frl.
S: Wed, ladles 2:30; 10c; readings dally, 50c.
MADAME CAPELLE, clear-seelns life reader.
. 122 Taylor at..- room 5. •
Mrs. Seal; spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EA RLE, S2S Ellis; readings dally;
.phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, .
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She rea,dg-your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, revests the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented,' un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you «wiu .be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; eatlsf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
LIFE READING — ONE WEEK— LADIES 50c;
GENTLEMEN, $1; PROF. WELLER'S COL-
LEGE, clairvoyant, scientific palmist, card
reader; advice on business, speculation. love,
domestic troubles; settles loners' quarrels, re-
unites separated, tells whom you will marry;
how to win man or woman you love; mall $1;
send date birth, lock hair, 6 questions. 1007 ft
Market st.. near Sixth. . •/
MRS. DR. P. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
, 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
1 anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AA— BROCKWAY, scientific and expert life
reader; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; seances
Sunday and Wednesday,' 8 p. m. 1052 Ellis.
,1SMAR. the Egyptian, Gypsy, clairvoyant and
* palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dnily, 10 a. ra.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born, with double veil — second sight; •
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $: palm, and Pair, sit; $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given; 25c up. t> Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents 50c.' 951 Mieslon, near 6th; open Sun.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and !
j-' spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G.-50c. j
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50e. • 521% Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader;. ladles i
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st. j
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful . clairvoyant," water
reader, has returned. 11 6th; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 .to 8. 262 Minna Bt., nr. 4th.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th St.. room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay: 25c and BOc.' 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
CARPET BE ATIX G AND CLE AN 1XO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama ft.; tel. South 40.
j Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market. bet.8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleantug. 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating . Works. O. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen.
i proprietor, 329 Guerrero et.; tel. Mission 49. -
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; teL Mission 74. '.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No Charge
unless successful. - Room 310, 927 Market st. -
¦- COTTAGES /yo E T.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, and barn. 438 Ivy ave.
Inquire 429 Grove st.
SUNNY 4-room cottage. $10; corner Japan st.
nnd Rlncon ave.. at Mall Dock.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T?~S. HIGGIXS, 927 MarkeTlit7. Timma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-'
able prices; pure gold fillings, <$1 50; other
fillings, $1; cold and porcelain crowns, $3
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. -.
Painless extraction.
. I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best ciowns, plates, bridges '
and fillinKs; extractions or .filling by my
. wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
. cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant*.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 ?0
up; office hour*, 9 a. m. to » p. m. ; Sundays,
» to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant.. R. C. ANDEIt-
SON. D. D. S., proprietor and mantrger.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth et.
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetln-e;
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. COc.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14' Geary St. — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 .O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
BET of teeth without elate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk wt. • .'¦...
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: pattern* cut. 1019 Mkt.
dog hospitals:
DR. CREEL Y'S C.'P. dog soap '- by druggirt*
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. '
GIRLS -wishing . to obtain money to educate
yourselves learn hairdresslng, manicuring-,
¦etc., a money -making profession; only re-
quires 2 wks. ; day class costs only $4; our
• pupils earn from $50 to $75 per - mo. ; eve
class 6 wks.;. working girls; private cuntom-
• ers furnish our pupils work as well a» th»
. leading store?. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
. . LEGE, 233 Geary et., rooms 13-15.
HEALD'S. SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory; demonstration, construc-
tion, - laboratory and shop work; ; thoroughly
'practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F ;
catalogue free. .. ;j . ./ .
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete ¦ .bus. education; shorthand,'
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
. spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced teacher*;
new typewriters; positions secured; ' 'cat.''- free. '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S.'F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
'air subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A—THE LYCEUM, nn accredited preparatory
; school. for the university, ¦ law- and medical'
colleges; references,' President Jordan or any
; Stanford professor. Phelan building. "\ '
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
.-vlse their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE.. Is this advice worth-
> following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. :
ACTING, elocution,- specialties; \ Hallet School,
associated with \ theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st..
ENGINEERING— Civil.- dec." mining mech.sur--
vey, assay, cyanide : day. eve. ; est. 1S64.. Van :
der.Nalllen fcchool, 11.1 Fulton., nr. City;HaJl/-
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast-
beginners and college -graduates perfected."
TARR. expert accountant, * 210 Parrott bldg. I
CALIFORNIA" Business College; most ' thorough-
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
. new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. ¦ i
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions- 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, - 1230 Market."
ARITHMETIC. I bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
VIOLIN, i guitar, • mandolin, banjo ¦ taught in
class. $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
SHORTHAND taugiit by mail or personally.
. MISS MTG. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st. v
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKL good
teacher. ; 100S Mission: Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught: private or: class.
BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market Et.
?5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert. 302 Van Ness ave.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 421 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 2t Post St., S. F.;
founded 18C3; new SO-page catalogue free. -
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshita.1293.Page. cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE, and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1607. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton: tel. Grant 10S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and> Chinese best help; cook. and
waiter. , 421 Post. GEO. AOKI ; teL Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6\S8.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
' reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
. nese help. 426 PoweIl.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.:
FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situation;
best of references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
- ter if-- . ; ¦ - : v . .-:,... v •.¦¦•.- ,
FIRST-CLASS institution ' cook desires situa-
tion; good references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Bt.- -
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit- I
uatloni'good cook; city or. country. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GOOD competent Swedish second girl wants a
position across the bay; references. MISS
¦ CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •-¦•...' - * "'
A LADY of ¦ refinement and education wishes
position, also a first-class cook, or to take
charge of first-class rooming-house, or cook-
ing for a club; can come with references.
Address box 4820,' Call office. ;
SITUATION by a < plait* German woman with
2 young. girls in a good, religious family in
country for cooking and general housework:
near a school ; no mail. Call at 132 Fourth
sj., room 0, second, floor. '
RELIABLE woman wants situation as chil-
¦ dren's nurse or companion to elderly lady;
first-class references; willing to assist with
housework and sewing. 120 Fourth st.
AN American woman wishes situation to work
by the day to do washing, ironing or house-
cleaning. Box . 4812. Call.
GERMAN woman would like to take family j
washing at home. ! Please call or send postal ]
to 141 Fair Oaks st. ]
RESPECTABLE middle-aged .workim? house-
keeper wants position; wages $15. Box 4824,
Call office. -¦ ;
WOMAN wants situation as good cook or gen-
eral housework; : willing and obliging. 33
Moss st. ¦.¦•,¦.¦''-.. • . . j
REFINED young lady from High School will
assist in doctor's office or act as nursery
I ¦„ governess. Box 4790, Call office. .,
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; $1 10
per day; no postals answered. 605 Minna
st., near Seventh.
WOMAN wants. work by- the day, ' washing,
ironing, house-cleaning; $1 and car fare. 513
. ' Howard St.; room 13. • . '
RESPECTABLE' woman wants to do house-
work in small family: plain cooking and
. small ,, washing.' .124 .Eighth st ' -" -¦
COLORED woman desires place as cook In pri-
vate famlly._ Address C. H., 1006 Clay st.
WOMAN wants housework by the day, or
washing or ironing. 274. 0'Farrell st. J
GIRL wants situation to do housework. 20S I
Hickory ave.. bet. Fell and Oak. near Gou^h.
WORK by day to wash and Iron. .1523 Oak St.,
Alameda. ¦ ' , ¦ i
A REFINED English woman, young, thor-
ough good nurse, desires position; charge of
invalid; nurse lady. Address 1712% Pacific
I avenue. .
WANTED — py reliable young woman, work of
'.-some kind for "evenings attending children or
¦ invalid lady; experienced. Box 4726. Call.
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
..the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
., ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
-bus and baggage to and from ferry. :'
WANT ads - and - subscriptions taken for • The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 630 McAllister, st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at 1006
Valencia st. . ' . ¦ - .- :
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — .MALE.
A — TWO flrst-class, highly recommended col-
ored men want positions as janitors or por-
ters. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
COACHMAN — Situation wanted by young Eng-
lishman; city preferred; good references. Ad-
dress box 4825, Call office.
YOUNG man thoroughly familiar with photo'
materials wishes position *¦ In stock house.
Box 4821. Call office. ¦.'
• BARBER, young jflan, B years' experience,
wants situation"/* in country; state wages.
Box 4806, Call
POSITION as salesman in gents' furnishing
goods department; some experience; speaks
some Spanish. Box 4814, Call office.
WANTED — By man and wife, a place for
country resort; state particulars. Address
box 4828, Call office.'
WANTED — Backer to furnish money to a man
- to go Thunder Mountain gold prospecting on
a grant stake claim.'. Address F. E. C, 218
Shotwell Bt. ,.'..•¦• .' -.
TOUNG German bartender wishes a position In
country or city; prefers in country; recom-
mendation given. Box 4830, -Call.
SITUATION .wanted in ; wholesale house by
New Zealander. Box 4813. Call office. " .. -
FIRSTiCLASS florist and landscape gardener,
also vegetable and orchard, wants position;
private \ place ; city or country ; -. best refer-
ences. Box 4803, : Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position as
, clerk in summer hotel. '*. Address W. J. B.,
237 O'Farrell st. , . ¦.-.'.'
YOUNG man 18 years of age, with some experi-
ence In the grocery business, wants position,
. wholesale or retail; Is able to furnish best of
! references and any- security; satisfied with
very moderate pay and prefers to sleep at hla
parents' home. Address box 4757, Call office.
YOUNG man, with : several years' experience,
using system of accounts . which show actual
results of .business each month; competent
to take charge of any office; will be glad to-
correspond further. Address W. O. • G., No.
11 West Twenty-flfth.st..-New York City.
MARRIED man, thoroughly understands farm-
ing, orchard and vineyard work, wants to
take charge of place; good man with homes;
'7 good references. P. D., 21% Harrison ave.,
oft Folsom st.; .... - , |
SITUATION wanted by a Danish man C6 years
-old: understands . gardening, flowers, vege-
tables, fruit, care of horses,', poultry; can
.milk; best of references;, wages about $30
." month. Address or. call 331 Kearny st., r. 30. j
YOUNG American with a ' thorough knowledge
of the fruit and produce business; can furnish
Al reference as to ability. Address JOHN J.
SHEA. Baldwin House. - ...
PRACTICAL mechanical , engineer : wishes po-
\ sltion; city or country;- can operate all kinds
.- of. steam or electrical machinery. /¦ Box ' 4741,
Call office. . ¦•._,¦ • . , . ¦'¦ . " ,
WANTED— By man and wife, place in the oil
wells or refinery works: wife as cook, ; Ad-
dresa box 4C3S. Call office. ; ' v
ENGINEER and blacksmith would like position
.In sawmill. Address box 4739. Callofflco.. ,:
FIREMAN- wants position; seven ' years' ex-.
. ¦ perlence; best of references. .? Box 4740. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
¦ Valencia Bt.' '; -....-' ¦ - v .* •¦¦ ¦ . •
;- ', '•"'---^:,-:: F ' I '' A _T s ' : ' r ?^i IL . ET ''
CA PP. 33Ch-In* warnTbelt ; grand view; 7-roopi
up-to-date flat' .¦'-¦¦' v * , .; . . •
! FLATVi rooms; yard; water free. . 856 Third
!,UBt.J $10.'---;v. r "-. ...• A.-.^. ..., ¦ .- - .. ."
THREE rooms, bath, 2 ' $13; "five rooms.- bath,'
$15. 475-470 Chestnut at..' near - Powell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The~ Weekly Call.
'" 16 pages." In -wrapper for mailing.* $1 per year.
FLATS .TO LET-^-FUnNISHED. ¦ 'I
COMPLETE nicely, furn. floor of 5 rooms; for,
¦ ; housekeeping; - modern -corner house, facing
, south and east; private family; Western Ad-
dition. Phone Jackson 981/ or box 5763,- Call.
WELL furnished sunny flat. 9 rooms and bath;
:_ 4 or 5 months; centrally located; no children;
:.., references. Box 4791, Call of fl<*. -:
j ntlSIXESS CHAXCES—Coi^tinned. /
A — IF you want Mo sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes -of any kind or any other legiti-
mate Imslptas or want a partner in any tair-
liaying business see K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 186S.
A — $S50; PARTNEIl In cash grocery and liquor
! store; established 16 years: full value In
j night; one of firm retiring; remaining partner
thoroughly understands the business. K.
! KENNY. 75 Third st. ;
a— josefh~straud] ~~ t - I
SM Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177
Real Estate A rent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for «a!e at a bargain; clearing. $5000 a
year; name, lease, coo«] will, furniture, fix-
tures etc.. all bo; opportunity given for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; eat-
iftactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call..
J A — WANTED— To-day, steady, eober man. for
light indoor businet-s; must have $25u cash
and be satisfied with $;5 to $100 month. Ap-
I ply 20U Kearny St., room 1.
I A— $200; PARTNER wanted In established
bunlr-ess; $1S' to $25 week, with chance to
Increase; no exuerience required. 765 Mar-
ket St.. room 3. , •
$S0(»— PARTNER wanted In established busi-
nrss; $1$ to $25 week, with chance to in-
• create: no exDerienct: required. 25 Geary
£t., room 4.
WANTED — Man with $400 as partner In well-
established otfice; good live man can mcke
from $30 to $35 week. 41 Third 6t.
FOR eale — Restaurant opposite Golden Gate
Park; suitable for cook and wife; low rent.
030 Stanyan st. \
$500 BUYS Interest in cattle In Santa Clara
County; murt have homestead right. Box
4S23. Call. -
FOR sale or exchange — Fine road house, a
i short distance from San Francisco. Inquire
513 Pacific Bt.
WANTED— Partner for new established drug
store In good San Francisco locality. Ad-
dress box 4767. Call office.
FOR sale — Outside route on this paper. Apply
«27 Shotwell St., from « to 7 p. m., Satur-
day and Sunday excepted.
MILLINERY etore for sale in best town in
Kastern Oregon; $700 down. $700 on easy
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons for selling. Address P. O. box 170.
Sumyter, Or. .
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
caln; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself Into the business by<
working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON,' 500 Haight st.
$750 — OLD established wood and coal 'yard;
large trade; good neighborhood. For particu-
lars. 216 Gough st.
GOOD paying shooting gallery for sale; pro-
prietor has two places;, can't tend to both.
Inquire 523 Pacific st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 136 Second St.: no
trtflers.
PERSON wants to exchange city paper route
for country route. Box 4662, Call office.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE *
A — Near the Call building. \
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st., rms. 1-2. !
. : • Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-house:! at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A family hotel; best corner In S. F.;
clears $814 per month over all expenses;
books open for Inspection by bona fide buyer;
lease for 10 years; furniture the yery best,
nearly new, cost $14,300; price $12,000; terms
part down, balance in installments tc suit.
47 rooms: in best block N. of Market;
costly mahogany turniture; best mattresses
of curled hair; lease of building; income over
$400; price $3750; part cash, part on time.
20 rooms; fine location on Suttir; rent
$75; income nearly $200; clean; stllctly re-
spectable; price $1600; >4 cash: % on time.
6 rooms; rent $15; Income $35; price $175.'
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
7-room modern fiat; reduced to $625
15 rooms; transient; clears $100 700
8-room flat ; snap ; Geary st 200 j
100 rooms; Market St.; clears $350.... 6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000
U rooms; clears $40; Just listed 450
35 ruoms; utar Market; snap 2100
125 rooms; clears $450; only 7000
30 rooms; clears $100; payments 1500 j
9 rooms; tunny corner; a beauty; only. 375 {
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade.. 3500;
20 rooms; clears $75; only 350
40 rooms; clears *lw8 MM)
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906,Marlyt st.. cor. Ellis.
$500 — S ROOMS; clears - $75; big transient
trade. ' RETSLOFF,- 006 Market st. :
A— C. D. DAVIS.
Room 53. ' Tel. Bush 270.
Columbian Building. Opp. Emporium.
The Leader
Rooming-Houses and Hotels.
If you want to invest in a good
rooming-house or hotel why don't
you see a D. DAVIS?
FOR Rent — 20 rooms; fine sunny corner; make
swell boarding-house; rent $150; long lease.
C. D. DAVIS. • . -
A — I HAVE bargains coming all the time; it
will pay you to visit my office once a day.
C. D. DAVIS.
A. CAMERON & CO.. '
850 Market ft. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS .'¦ .
13 r.S rent $55; elegant piano; Al loc $1125
14 r. ; fine' residence; first-class every way. 1200 ¦
6 r. ; mod. flat ; new fur. ; 2 mo. ; reduced. 500 J
Mr.; Al loc.; good fur., carp.; clears $100 1»00
53 r. ; total expense of house $175; a parts. 2900 !
Money Loaned. 1% per cent.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $1800
3<*. rmf. ; mechanics' hotel: man and wife 1000
18 rms.; 3d st. ; always filled; rent $70.. 800 1
300 rms. ; corner house for men 5000 <
50 rms. ; offices and rooms; low rent.... 3200 |
.".." rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms.. 1400
40 rms.: man house: rent ?»45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel?, houses and nats. a to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market St.
A — TENANT, wanted for 120-room apartment
house, modern In every particular, In best
part of Western Addition. EITEL & CAR-
ROLL. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLFEi I
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only. $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central. 1650
38 rooms; rent $80: money-maker..' 2250
31 rooms; rent $100: just listed 2100
22 rooms: rent $70; part cash 1300
15 rooms; rent $i;r>; good furniture 1000
S5 rooms; rent $80: N. of Market 2000
63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see -this
f00 other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
GEORGE W. BROWN. 7S3>£ Market St.,
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
15 rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur. .$1600
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house.. 900
I 14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. 2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard.. 850
: 20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week. only; sickness... 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100. 1100
We offer any of the above on payments.
WANTED — A 15 to 20 roomed house: must be
reasonable; north side. 783«£ Market, room 3.
AKE you looking for a new hotel or lodging-
house? • We will build to suit you. will se-
cure your lease, will go good on your bond,
will furnish you the money to fit your house
up at wholesale prices, and easy payments.
Call and -see the specifications and. plans of
the new houses we are about to build. It will
pay you to call and. see us. COMMERCIAL
FURNISHING CO., 613 Emma Spreckels
. building. - , -
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY T~~~
850 iMarket Bt.— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
'Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, .hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and.
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something -new every day.
New bouses to lease. ..
McBRIDE & CO.; 7C5 Market — Some bargains.
$1650—18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375 — 19 rooms;- Jackson; good and easy work.
$700 — 17 rooms; Jones: nice business.
$180 — 7 rooms-;-3d st: Money to loan on lodg-
ing houses; 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
1 LODGING-HOUSES and hotels to suit all
classes of- buyers; large list; call and investl-
i gate before buying.
G. W.iSCHWEINHARD,
017'Market st. (upstair*), bet. 6th and 6th. ".
| 14-ROOM houpe; a sacrifice If sold before April
16: hou*e Just, renovated and handsomely fur-
nished with entirely new furniture through-
out. Apply, rooms 220-227, Parrott building,
fifth floor. '
$450 — SPLENDID furniture; all newly fur-
nished; a - bargain; 307 Mason' st.. D. Me
RAE. 837 Mission st.
A — NOTICE: — We have roomlng-houses.all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL A CO.. 1206 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
a T7TT. ". . . ..... ."7.7;"T.'TT7 ~™7^...'....I "1
B-R-O-C-K-W-AiY, , . . ¦¦-
1002 EM* ft., bet Franklin and Gough.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader. .
Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m../
Seance Sunday and Wednesday 8 p. m.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frt., Sun., 8 p.m.; 60c 1084 Bush st.
HELP \VAXTED^FE3IALE--^Con.
BUTTON-HOLE makers on coats • and- vests;
finishers on coats and pants; girls to learn
tailoring; -, steady employment. BELASCO &,
.HARRIS CO.., S41 Market at.
FINISHERS on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 841
¦Market- st. , ¦--
WANTED— 3 girls to learn hairdresslng, " mas-
sage, manicure,- ¦ switch, wig -making, in 2
wks.; take charge of private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve; class:
bring ad; worth $1. CoMege, 233 Geary. r.l:{-15.
HAIRDRESSING, massage, manicuring,
bleaching, dyeing., switches, etc.; 2 wks. $5.
College. 1230 Market St.. rm. 04; splendid
. positions waiting; day;. evening.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32«4 Fremont St., MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Saleslady for small- store; -must
speak French. For particulars address E.
R., box 4036. Call office. •
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
St.. MR. DAVIS. . .
EXPERIENCED salesladies for* millinery:
steady position: wages from $10> to $15 per
week. 130 Sixth st^ '
CULTURED, experienced woman to take
charge of business branch In the State. Box
4716. Call office. .
TAILORESS on coats; steady work; good pay;
also apprentice. 4% Verona place, off Third
Bt., between Folsom and Harrison.
MAKERS for millinery; fair, wages; stsady
position for the year round. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED — Apprentice on dressmaking. Apply
at S31 Vallejo st. . - .
GIRL for general housework; no children; ref-
erences. Call in a. m.. 703 Broderlck st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
, LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
TYPEWRITING taught. $& full course: short-
hand .speed clasa. $2 mo. 027 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at lOJu .
Valencia st.
. HELP WANTED M ALE.
MURRAY & READY.... .....Phone Main C84S
Leading Employment Agents.
634-630 Clay st. „/ %
Office open '7 a. m. '
1000 Railroad Men.
' . . Nevada — Free Fare.
Bait Lake Division S. P. R. R, .
Carload teamsters Carload laborer J
Half carload of drillers Gang of rock men
' Masons' helpers Plow holders, etc., etc.
. * Wages $2 to $3 day. .
Free fare to-the above work
Ship morn and night
SAWMILLS SAWMILLS
A New Mill
.."..To the sawmills, woods and yards
35 laborers to work In sawmills, woods and
yards piling lumber, run machines, etc., for
a new sawmill company, no experience re-
quired on this Job, any willing man can do
the work; wages $30 and found up; work
lasts the year around; cheap fares.
TEAMSTERS
10 two-horse scraper teamsters, near city.
$34 and found; 3 teamsters, city job; 18
ranch teamsters. - .V
LABORERS .7.
15 laborers, city work, $1 75 day; 6 laborers
for a mine. $42 and found; 7 laborers, near
city; 8 more laborers for factories.
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith, country shop, fare 35c,' $2 50
day; blacksmith's helper, camp, $35 and'
found; wagon maker, near city, $3 day;
woodworker, camp, city, $2 50 day; car-
I riage painter.
..-.,: MISCELLANEOUS
2 miners, good job, south, $75; 4 laborers.
• easy work, surface mine. $30 and found;
general utility for institution, country, $25
and found; stableman, city Job, $60; buggry
- washer, $00; stableman, country stable, $30
. and found; 24 farmers, orchard, vineyard,
etc., $20 to $30 and found; 25 choremen and
choreboys; 15 milkers, $25. $30 and $40 and
found; boys for stores, factories, ranches.
' etc.; milk wagon driver, city, $33 and found.
, HOTEL DEPARTMENT •
14 cooks, city and country jobs, hotels and
restaurants, $30 to $50 and found; 16 wait-
ers, city and country hotels, boats, restau-
rants, etc.. $25 to $40 and found; porter,
do a little cooking, country saloon, $30 and
found; porter and tend bar, city, $25 and
found; 6 bakers, $30 to $60 and found; 1»
. kitchen hands, $15 to $30 and found; etc.,
etc. • . /
Perhaps you do not notice the ktad of
• position that you want > In the above ads.
You are liable i to find It on our bulletin
boards. Come and read them. MURRAX
.«& READY. 634-638 Clay st. «"f«w».x
STEWARD for resort, $00; butler, $50 and
. found; cook and helper, country hotel, $S0 to
$95; restaurant second and third cooks $C5
month and $12 week; night cook for country,
- $35; snort-order, cook and lunch counter man
country, $40 to $50; ranch cook. $30 and
'found; restaurant porter. $30; waiters, didh-
washers, elevator boys and others J. V
CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st.
CARPENTER, for sawmill, $70; millwright,
$3 SO day; machinist for sawmill, $50 and
board; planing mill man; 2 carpenters for
city, $J 50 day; molders; coremaker; i 3
miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day; coopers, $35 and
found, boys for machine shops, paint shops
. and other, work at $4 week and Increase; 10
woodchoppers, 80c to $1 25 cord, and other*.
J. F. CKUSETT & CO.. 628 Sacram«nto irt.
(RANCH foreman, $50 and found; 10 laborers,
city, $2 CO day; 6 laborers for mill yanl, -$24
to $30 and board; ranch teamster, £J5 and
lound; larmers, *io; 3 milkers, $30 & found;
chetoe maker, $33;-' 2 farmers and wives, $35
and $40; chore man, $2a to $30; vegetable
gardener for. ranch, $25, and many others. J.
' h\ CHOSETT & CO.. tttS Sacramento si.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
50 Ihirdst.. near Call bldg; phone Busti 405
• " KA1LKOAD LABORERS
FKEE FARE.. FREE FARE
600 teamsters ....$2 to $2 50 per day
Uang of laborers........ $2 to $2 23 per day
5 section hands for S. P. R. R..$l m per day
Ship Daily .
FOR THE LUMBER WOODS.......
• • FAKE ADVANCED
20 men for railroad work for large lumber
company, north, $'M per month and board.
20 sawmill and woodsmen, fare advanced
$26 to $65 Ver month and board.
Milkers, and plowmen, $30 to $40 per month-
2 mason's helpers, $2 per day; 3 teamsters,"
city, $1 25 per day and board; cooks, waiters
and dishwashers; all kinds of restaurant and
hotel heln; 10 ranch hands. $1 per day and
board; musician, male or female, banjo
. piano or organ, guitar or mandolin, to travel'
, $12 per week and expenses.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st.— Gardener
and milk 1 cow. San Mateo Co., $30; plain
gardener on a ranch, $30; assistant gardener
$30; Catholic choreman, $15; boy to wash
dishes for ferry-boat, $15; flrst-class butler
$50' to $60; butler, country. $40; barkeeper.
$30 to $40 and board; porter for wlnehouse.
$8 a week. etc.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Cook for
plain hotel, near city, $45; broiler $45-
ranch cook. $30; hotel ,walter, $30; waiter
. ' country, $25; potwasher; $30; dishwasher, $tt
a week; man who* understands pressing gents'
cloth; chief lroner for 'French laundry; 3
laboring men, $2 a day; teamster, near city,
$2 a. day. ' ¦.. . \ .
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, port-
ers, kitchen help; also waitresses; no fee.
Independent Employment Bureau. 526 Mont-
. gomery st.. room 1. , . ;
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
. of United States of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
¦ English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing: Officer. 121 New Montgomery st. San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.'
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
¦ men to present an attractive, high-class
financial proposition: successful candidates
cam from $100 to $300 per month; salary and
liberal commission paid. Apply to T W
GRIFFIN, dally from 2 to 4 p. m eic«Dt
"Sunday. 5C9 Eighth st./ Oakland. Cai.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only first-class
s men need apply; technical man preferred- no
attention paid to answers unless sivlne 'full
detail of experience and where previously em
ployed. Box 4S10. Call. .
THREE salesmen for a new process soda foun^
tain; easily sold; $50 per week easily made
Address or call after 7:30 this evening room
' £26. Golden West Hotel, city.
WANTED— Painter who understands retouch-
ing of art goods, bronzing, etc. - Apply be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.. superintendent Thom-
na Day & Co.. 725 Mission st.
BARBER shop; Western Addition- living
rooms attached: old -stand: modern fixtures;
¦ can be bought cheap. STOLTZ' S Barber
/'Supply House. 723 Market st. barber
ELDERLY man to take care of one home and
do chores around hotel: mtmt.be handy "with
tools; $12 and found. 301 Twenty-second st.
WANTED— Salesman familiar with retail gro-
*¦: eery. business: Five experience and wages ex-
pected. Box 47C0. Call office.
WANTED— Oentleman to present a rood prop-
-;.o«ltlqri to business men. Apnlr between 9
and 12 a. m., 497-40S Parrott bldg.,
-TAILOR wanted on ' military work: must be
9l^" cla?8 - ;i '' Applv at once t0 A - K - CALDER.
Market st.
EXPERIENCED Ud. 17 to 20, to take chanje
: of. cellar- of crockery store; reference; after
*> a/m. 108 Sixth st •-... * , . -
"WANTED— Cutter with experience who under-
Rtands custom work and alteration: good posi-
tion to rlrht party: ntnte w a «« and last
olace emnloved. Box 4S01. Call office
• SAX ITtAA CISCO CALL.
KUEINEf-S OFFICE of The San Francisco
¦^Tia'l, corner of Market and Third streets: open
fcntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Moiiqromery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CH- McAllister etrect; open until 9:3" p. m.
210 Latktn street; open until D::i0 p. m.
13-11 Ml it ion street: open until 10 p. m.
~C1 Ma:k. t etrett. corner Sixteenth: open
tititii 9 i>. in.
ICt: Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
IClKi Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-sc-cor.d and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
l£o0 Flllmore Btreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETISti NOTICES. ,
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, It. A. M., •
will met* THIS iTiTESDAY) EVEN-
l.\*.i. April \ at «:.;0 o'clock. V. M. lS2f
and M. E. M. dejrrees. Uy order of/^r »
the H. P.
FUANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDJ:N GATE Lodce No. SO. F. and' m
A. M. — Called mectiUK THIS (TCES- _J^ _
i>Ai> EVENING, at 7: IS o'clock. U. jL^t
a. Uy order of ihe AN'. M. /\F >
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. m
121 Kady st., meets THIS 1S\"12N1NG. _^_
"i :30 o'clock. 1 D. 1$L3£
OEOR'JE PKNLINGTON. Sec. /V>
OaiENTAL Lodce No. Til. F. and A? m
M. — Third decree THIS (TL'ESDAY) JF*
EVENING, su 7:30 o'clock.
A. S. HUBBARD. 'Sec /\r>
KOTICE to the stockholders of The Rlsdon
Iron end Locomotive Works is hereby given
that, in pursuance of a resolution of the
Hoard of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
boord. held at Uie office of the corporation,
in the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on the 17th day of
March. 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
of The Klsdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the ifllce ot the corporation.
No. 2»S Steuart st.. in the city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California (the same
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day or May. 1902, at the' hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for ihe purpose of con-
sidering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of eaid corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
eand ((KJO.oOo) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of tbe
¦ corporation, and for legitimate end neces-
eary purposes. By order of the Board of
Dlr-ctert-.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR,
Secretary of The Klsdon Iron and Locomo-
ttve Works.
THE California Debris Commission hivins re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
lirocers from E. J. Challen and John A.
Tucker lr. the Topai Centennial mice, near
Quincr, Plumas County, to deposU tailings
)>ehind the dam of the Qulncy Mining and
Water Company. -In Wauponsie Creek, and
from Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, in
the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville.
Ycba County, to deposit tailing* In Dry
gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94, Flood building, San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. on April 14. 1&02. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meettnc of the members of the
Society of I'rojrressive Spiritualists will be
held at their office. 5322 Seventeenth «t-.
SUXDAT. April IS. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for <he ensuing year, and
the transaction of Euch business as may
come before the meeting.
_ JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. "
Kcpolutions. »>tc.. in flrBt-cla«s manner. J. W
CRI-FITH. Heald'g Bug. College. 24 Post ?t.
a AGEXCY WANTED. .
AGENTS— $10 daiiy, introducing our Brilliant ;
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
ti&nks, churches, private & public buildings
buy at eight: the^e burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
< hlrr.neyuo break)or wick to trim. & make no
(moke or dirt: fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
*: cleanest litrht: it Is a great money maker
for agent*. 200 per cent profit; write at once
& Ret to work right away; sample free. En-
terprtse Mfg. Co.. B. S37. Cincinnati. Ohio.
¦WE want first-class solicitors everywhere to
sell stock; II you are made of the right kind
of etuff we can show you how to make good
money in the next 12 months; absolutely new
and attractive; has more good, convincing,
talking points than anything else; for a per-
manent business It has no equal; and Is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
Pacific Coast; call moroinres. 10 to 12. 319-S20
__Parrott building. San Francisco.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predTctedTTeadTngs
by mail If desired, Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R V.TT- KING - atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections
etc.- legal papers drawn; consultation free';
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet-
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.'
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: open every evening: low fees:
all cages. J. M. THt-'RSTON, 819 Market stl
**¦ s - CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
fcet Et. : consultation free; no feeg in advance.
JBIC YCLE S — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast: swell-
est thir.g out; agency Columbia. Monarch, cth-
ens; repairing; tells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS, DOCS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock'
cages, globes, aquariums ; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 154fi Market st., bet.8th&9th.
BOOKS JEW A.VD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1148 Market; tei. Howard 1940.
Bl'SIXESS CHAXCES. '
A— *C50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; Tent
»40; place first-class paving; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing-mllls and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A ~I D . ELICATESSEN a ' d ** nc y grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about *a500; price $40U0; rent J20
Call R. G. WILKE, 2fi^ KearnT st.
A— ?S00; BUTCHER ehop; established years;
doing a flrst-class business; located In Oak-
land; rent $30. Including 7 rooms. 2 horses.
1 wagon. 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
2C',, Kearny- Et.
A— ?2000; RARE chance; vicinity of, Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55, Including tt pri-
vate rooms; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE
2e',-i Kearny st. sC
A-41200; nARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone and
laundry otflce, in booming town across the
bay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
WILKE? C £4 KeSSlre " "^ *T *:
A— *10G0; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero st.; rent *25- at
least itiOO stock on hand; good business
sickness only cause of sale. Call R. G
WILKE. 20H Kearny Bt.
A-«.'$C0 ; RESTAURANT; Third et.; good.
5-ijO— Flnst -class place; lunch house.
J300 — OTarrell; restaurant; money maker.
S3j — Fixtures of barber shop; good.
$200 — F.xtures of barber shop; excellent.
hound vaJue for your money.
Buy from us and save commission.
__D. MrRAE Furniture Co.. 837 Mission st.
ROKLFS & CO .41 Third uU
Furniture store In heart of town doing a
fin» buMnefcr; a map; $750.
Private house of "S rooms; good furniture;
rent $20; a bargain: $350.
CUrar store on city front; fair stock; re-
celptti $8 a day; rr.ust be sold; $100.
KOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. >. s. DE LUCA
& CO., Jib Kearny tt.. room l;
KOTICE to tellers— We have cash buyers for all
kinds of buslnees that will stand investlga-
tlon. P. S. de Luca k. Co.. 318 Kearny. r. 1.
A— BEAtJTIFUL confectionery^ located on
busy corner: eloee six leading theaters; fine
fixtures; rent $20. HEDGES, 4C1 Parrott big.
»- >Ci N "T Pay $500 lor a $100 cigar stand!
•*»~ T <*¦>"&* «n other agents without suc-
•**i.jixnm:lt HEDGES, 40I-4C2 Parrott bldg.
ALL kinds of real estate for sale and exchange;
locrir.u-houM-s. rtores, restaurants, hotels
saloons and many other business chances f<*
gale. HEALY & CARR. 027 Market, r. 208.
DRUCSTORE. $2500; Central location; on busy
Ftr«-«t: splendid oi>portunitr for physician.
DECKER. 921 Jlarket st.
FOR SALE— Grocerj- and fruit store In thrifty
tor, n 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
»oll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons etc.
will Invoice $1700: pood reattons for selling'
Aridr^s Grocery, box 1C5. Vallejo, Cal.
A FIHST-CLA6S meat market doing a good
roiFlne**; owner has other interests and
wi>hm to retire from business. For particu-
lsirt, ii:i«iie at thl* office. • ¦
R'ANTHD— Wholesale liquor etore or flrst-class
caloon ; muet clear over $-500 "month. Ad-
<!re*s with lull uartloulars l»x 4701. Call.
|12 r.0 — STORE and lixturesl N»! 7 range.
otbfr wares for rale; ali«o tea and variety
•tare. Aii>)? at 3KS Fifth et.
UEVV WAXTKj^MAL&--Co«.
AT~C. It. "'HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush at.
AT C. K. .*LA.jNSiuW oc CU.'si -ksa rluxii at
AV u. H. *isi.ixoj!.j.H « CO.'o -*A# iiasn st.
* OH xI&m V AjjA
.;' I/UK £i&VAUA
a uji .-. r. /AiiA % ....« — **.¦"*
JiM> teamsters '• *- a day
J>W laburers •?'; "" *"**
U.0 i ucKiuen . : *- a ua *
1UO dniUw ...: m*35» * "*"
.'"iw now noiaers *- a " ay
lt*a wneeier i^aueis • •* - -* a ,{.
low l.iu'.-kers • ?~ a %
10 po*\.er iaeu $- -^ a "t 31 '
1*0 -*-hors.e ttamtters .*Z a Uj.y
3 blacJi. o ii.ith3 '. A** a ****
Fee *1..... ......Fee Jl
bhiu Morninx ar«l Eenins
Free Fare *™»
10 laborers, near city. $2 a day and free fare;
larmers, milkers, choremen and others; por-
ter and gardener, country hotel, $25.
'......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
"Hotel clerk, country. $50; key clerk, country
hotel, $45 to $50; night clerk, country hotel.
$^5; night clerk, country hotel, $25.
•' 2 neat yoims men to carry off dishes ana
learn waiting, country hotel. $25 and fara
paid; hotel butcher, country hotel, $40; broil-
er, country hotel, *40; scrubber for an insti-
tution, near city, $25; fry cook, restaurant,
city. $65; 20 kitchen hands, dishwashers and
others, $20 to $30
Male entrance, 12 Bury place
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
YOUNG man ..with experience with small
presses; steady if suitable. McNEli. BROS..
364 Hayes at.
ERRAND boy for wholesale hardware store;
cigarette smokers need not apply. Box 4S0S-
Call office. ;
WANTED — A strong boy to learn horseshoeing
108 Vallejo st. .__ ~
SHOEMAKER wanted; good workman. 122S
Point Loboa ave.
BARBER shoo: Colusa Co.: must be sold at
sacrifice. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
ERRAND boys wanted. GREENBERG A
GREENBERG, Gran, ave. and Geary st.
YOUNG man as night cook; light and easy
job; $S per week. 440 O'Farrell st.
ANY person who will distribute- -«lrctilar» for
$3 daily. Standard Co.. 4 Wells St.. Chicago.
BRIGHT boy for jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 4819. Call.
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
use tobacco. Box 4800. Call.
A DINNER waiter at 304-306 Mason St. ; wages
$3 50 per week.
WANTED — Good Union barber; steady work.
479 Ninth gt.* ¦
DISHWASHER wanted at 422 Sixth rt.
YOUNG . man to do Janitor work for his tal-
tion. . S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
WANTED — Boy to help on bread. Apply at
Cottage Home Bakery. 3025 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker! ROSENBLUM A
Abraham. Odd Fellows' building. 1103 Markt.
WANTED— A good day dishwasher at 1201
Flllmore St., corner Turk.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Pt. Lobos; $13
and found; Geary cars.
-JOYS to distribute circulars. K. S. C. Medical
Co. Room 122 Mnrphy bldg. 1238 Market st.
WANTED — All-round office boy. * 29 Stockton
! street.
1 — = — ;
WANTED— A night cashier at 29 Stockton tt. \
PRESSER on custom coats; understand clean- t
Ing. A. SIMON & EON. 120 EUIa st.
WANTED — Young man to assist In bookkeep-
lng. Address by letter. Box 4829. CalL
DISHWASHER wanted. C31 Clay st.
WANTED — Dentist: must be first-clasa oper-
ator, honest, hard working and have Al cre-
dentials; good position to right man; singla
man preferred. Apply California Medical Aid
Society, 175 North Spring st.. Los Angeles.
Cal. J. HARRY MYERS. Manager. _.
WANTED — Boy at Isacson's drug store. Apply
at drug store, corner Geary and Octavla sta. !
wages $3 50.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S (Inc.).
BUSHELMAN at RAPHAEL'3 qnc.).
BARBER shop for sale cheap; boss Is sick.
1S1 Minna st.
WANTED — Boy to learn trade In tin shop. 533
-Mission st. *•¦?. ¦ - - ¦ ¦ -¦¦ : •. .,.= -
WANTED" — To trade or sell flrst-class barber
shop, 3 chairs, wlft baths'. - A. CAMERUN
' " & CO.;"S50"Market st.7 rooms 21, 22, 23.-
COAT maker for custom coats; 'steady work;
good pay. 4% Verona place, off Third, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison sts.
WANTED— Experienced wash gooda salesman.
Apply between . S and 11 a. m. at wat.c;
. BROS/ ¦ .,.•.'- . .
WANTED — A bright young man between IS
and 20 years of age for office work; must b«
good at figures. Apply box 4752, Call office.
BARBERS— Want to sell a half-Interest In a
good paying country shop and baths. Ad-
dreas box 7946, Call office.
i MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted. Box
4725, Call.
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD
C24 Markt; past com. Wattrous Post,G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED — At 630 Market st : ex-soldiers t* •
do clerical work. O. E. HOWE. .
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing- steady
work. 621 Sacramento st. ;
WANTED— Strong boy about 13 or 19. Box
4746, Call office. ,' ;•--_ ;
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract Wadsworth. Nev.; wages. *2 per day:
board, $5 25 per week: $2 deposit required-
cempany will refund same after 26 days. K
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 9C0 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps 17.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooi
character, between the ages of 21 and 35- not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to. speak and read English. For
further information apply nt the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. eCTmtmg
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL^
I.EGE. 635 day st. ¦_ •-!!"
BARBER shop for sale; best bargain in city-
two hydraulic chairs; place established for
twenty years; owner sick. For particular*
call corner Seventh and Market ats.. S. I*.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
run3 Denver House. 217 Third st.; lSOlarsa
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
P^" SION atty - E - A - Bullls, room 40. Phelan
tig. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholesale house
Address box 4525. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.*. 24 Sutter.
"^i^T 131^ 50 rain t 0 take" lodging In Can£
bridge. House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
3 -™ t(> ,. buy oJ? ew anfl 2d-hand army shoes.
aOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St. nr. 5th!
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar
j ket— 200 rooms. 25c night : reading rooms: J
free bus and baggage to and from ferry
HORSES AXD WAGOXs!
A ». I '°?. 0 C- 0 !?? e9 ._ for sale at Arcide~Horsi
Market. 327 Sixth st : also buggies, wagon.!
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m-^JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer!
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June fl. Catalogues by- applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave?
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1490 Market, cor.* 11th.
24-PASSENGER wagonette." 9-seated surr-y"
second-hand light closed carriasre cheno "n*
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk st!
3 PETALUMA carts as good as new and 2 ntco
cl^fi e8 o a n- a^ barBaln - ln< l«lre of CRAIG 4
SONS. 3.67 Twenty- fourth st.
BAY horse, u years old; weight 1300; thorough-
ly broke. Apply 1 22d st. and San Jos« ave.
NO. 1 top wagon for butcher, batter or laun-
dry; price $75. 319 Third st. paint store."
CUT down express. $125; wagon. $35; heavy
single harness. 70 City Hall ave. .
SECOND-HAND business buggies; also 1 Hjrht
top buggy. 1370 Turk st. SQt
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rev.harne»i..work,drivln > c horses. 15th&Valencla
AN v^ N °' l * x V™ aa w »«on. single;. also lizht
cafmpmg wagon for sale cheap. B.-Q Mission.
i HOUSES TO LET— ™gjlSHED."~' ,
A— FURNISHED residences and flats In -it '
parts of the city. $Tu> to S350: call £ see ui-
.we can .ult you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Ma^kel'
P '™ I J TC , He 'Shts residence. -7 rooms bath"
modcrn.fum piano; rent to desirable party
3 or 6 months com. April 20. Box «S». CalU
THE "Phoenix Savings" . of. 53S California st.,
: San Francisco, Cal. ..has a subscribed capital
of threo, million dollars. '_ Reserve fund.-$100.-
I 000. The only association in California with
•'a" permanent non-withdrawable capital; pro—
¦ .tectlng- Investing shareholders from possible
loss. • Earnings for 1901S 9 per cent. Guar-
antees -and pays' 6 per cent on $100 certlfl-
ciites, withdrawable after ¦ one year. Make
definite loan contracts. ¦ Interest low.-. '
¦- . Directors— A. A. '. Watklns. vice president
W. W. Montague. & Co..- and president Board
of Trade, ¦ S! F. ; Charles R. • Bishop, vice
president Bank of California. ¦ S. F,.-. director
Savings and Loan Society, • S. F., • and -Cali-
¦ fornia. Title Insurance and Trust Co.. S. F. ;
"S..' Prentiss Smith,- late assistant cashier
V' Ban k of California, S. F.. director- National
Bank of D. O. Mills, Sacramento; George C.
Uoarrtrnan. General Aetna Insurance Co.. S.
'F.. director. San Francisco Savings Union;
Charles E. Ladd of Ladd & Tllton. bankers.
• Portland. Or. ; Gavin McNab, attorney, at
law; Clarence Grange, late Building and Loan
Commissioner of Montana. ...
Trustee — Mercantile Trust . Company . of
. San Francisco. . ¦ ¦¦ -.:"¦.. '
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42. offices In operation; new method of
{ placing | stocks and bonds ; . companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bids.
COMPANIES incorporated ' and financed; stocks
.and bonds sold; good projects, wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; writs
Ms. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Po«it
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AT ¦ CAvXNA^H~^urnlture"co., 84s7rnd V S50
Mission Et. — Special inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches. $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c; bed sets,
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn., oak, $4S, No. 7 stove.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $1S5O. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
.FURNITURE of 3-room flat for sale; almost
new; rent $12. 522 A Natoma st. ' -
ONE double and 1 single bedroom set and car-
. pets. Call bet. 10 and 6, 1940 . Flllmore st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT~77Tlilssloirst.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red^ 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
• reasons. WAUQH. r. 415. Examiner bidy. <
-. GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. ¦
HELP WAKTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R.. HANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant 185
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, cafe, Los - Angeles, no Sun-
day work $10 week
' Chambermaid to wait, resort.... $20
. Waitress, same place, see party here $20
2 waitresses, first-class hotel, - south, boss
here .$25
20 waitresses, city and country hotels..$20, $30
- Chambermaids, country and city hotels... $20
Laundresses, country Hotels $25
' Cooks, summer resorts. . .."... $35, $40
Laundress, summer • resort $25
Cook, private sanitarium, city t'J't
Bell girls ." $10
.--.'. ..'..'.'.. .: FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, understanding German cooking/ $30;
cook and second girl, same, place,- city, J?i5;
cook, Sanr Rafael, see party here, $25; 5 sec-
ond girls, $20,.. $25; nursegirls; many others.
Call at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 429 Bush
| st. In our new office, bet. Kearny st. and
Grant ave., opposite California Hotel and
Theater. . . -. .
; FOUR extra waitresses, $1 60 a day; free fare;
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429
Bush st. .'¦-,,• ¦ ¦ . " '
WANTED — 1 cooks, $30 and $35; cook, stu-
dents, $25; working housekeeper, $30, city; 2
chambermaids and seamstresses, $25; infant
nurse, $25;. cook, small hotel, $30; 8 second
girls, $20 and $25; 2 kitchen helpers, $20 and
$25; 3 parlormaids, $25; 6. chambermaids, at>-
; slst waiting, . $20; chamberwork, $15; dish-
- washer, $20; girl for delicatessen, $25; Swe-
dish cook, small family, $25; woman and
child, country, $15; housework, Alameda, $20,
25, $30; 10 hotel and restaurant waitresses, $7
and $8 week and $20 per month. ' Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Upstairs girl and plain seamstress,
Menle Park, $20; 4 hotel waitresses, some as-
»Elst wash, $25; chambermaid and sewing, $23;
. 49 girls for housework in both city and
country at $25 and $30; lots of situations too
~ numerous . to ' advertise. Call on ' J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY....' Phone Main 1575
' ..HOTEL DEPARTMENT /....
6 waitresses, first-class springs, $25; 25 wait-
resses, commercial and resort hotels, $20 and
$25, all fares paid to country; chambermaid,
first-class commercial hotel, country, $20;
chambermaid to wait, resort, $20; cook,
¦ small hotel, short distance from city, $30.....
..... FAMILY DEPARTMENT . ....
' T CooJr,* T 3 ln'Tamily; " $30;- German tamily 'cook,
j $35 ; > 2 . second girls, $25; ¦ 20 houseglrls, city
and country, $20 and $25; many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY........ ..335 Geafy st.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st . "
Laundress and chambermaid $25
American cook, some wash ,......$30
German cook and light work..... $25
" French experienced nurse $30
' Second girls $20
And. girls for housework.. $20 and $25
Nurse for Institution „ $25
'Laundress for hotel $25
COAST EMPLOYiIENT~CO.; < ¦¦¦*¦*-.
502 Taylor st. ; phone Black 2194.
MRS. KERR AND COZZENS.
"Housekeeper, private family, Oakland, $20,
¦ meet party here; girl, general housework,
city, $20; waitress, hotel, city, $20, room and
board. Help please call. -
WOMAN to "wash, make beds and scrubbing;
steady: place; wages $20, with room and
board. [ Apply 28 Eighth st, Sherman House.
' \ '
PLAIN Woman with or -without child to assist
proprietor on email chicken ranch; $10 per
month. . Box 4S05. Call. ?
WANTED — Young lady living in the Mission as
bookkeeper and cashier; reference required.
H. HOLLMAN. 2805 Mission St..
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist in house-
¦ work. 1044 Shot well st, near Twenty-fifth.
YOUNG girl, 16. to do light housework: $10.
. 535 Castro st. ' - ¦¦- ¦
WANTED— First-class dressmaker; call at
once. /Room 16,-143 Stockton st.
AN experienced .bookkeeper: state references;
salary expected. Box 4826, Call. •
GIRL for general housework; good home; light
work; $15 to $18. 1124 Greenwich st.,nr. Hyde.
WETNURSE— 608 Franklin st. ' ' '"¦ ..:..,; '
GOOD finisher on pants; steady work; also ap-
-" prentice. - 601 Commercial st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
..¦ and where last employed. Box 4S07, Call.
WANTED— Young girl, assist general house-
work; sleep home. 1274 McAllister St.
GIRL to assist with housework and baby $12
per month. 2404 Larkin st.
150 OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
underwear. 656 Mission st., third floor. *
150 OPERATORS on ladies' waists to work In
factory. - 650 Mission et., third floor. 1
WANTED — 2. vest flnlsheVs. Apply at factory
:'¦ 8. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. . '
WANTED-^-Dlnner waitress at 304-306 Mason
¦ st. Swages $3 50 per wetk.
GIRL for general housework: small family; no
.washing. 1409 Van Ness ave. - - ¦
GIRL for light housework. 1736 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER help wanted. ¦ 1207% Bush st.
'APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid, while.
.' learning.' 436 Golden Gate ! ave.
WANTED— An experienced wrapper. Box 4S27.
Call. ¦ - ,. - ,.: . . .. -. , ¦ . • ' ,
WANTED — An experienced hemStitcher.
. MARKS" BROS., 1212 Market st. I
2 NEAT girls for cooking; second work and
: serving. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
TAILORESS or finisher on coats; steady. ' 921
".Howard st.~ ;. • .
GIRL to assist with housework; wages S15 827
¦'=• South Cole st> .
YOUNG gfh to do general housework; need not
cook. 1S31 Eddy st . . '
FINISHERS on custom pants; steady work.
83T Howard st. . . » . . A
AN experienced chocolate and- cream dTpper;
\steady. work. O'BRIEN'S, 22 Sixth st. -
GIRL or young woman to do light housework.'
k G-room cottage; wages $10 month; good home
for right person. -2045 San Antonio ave.. Ala-
; , rncda. ¦.;.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 14 Fremont
7 st , MRr DAVIS. - ¦•.-
GOOD- finishers on coats;" high' wages, and'
steady job; 344 Tehama st. - -. ¦ '.
OPERATOR on pants; must understand flnl3h-
. ing; only first class need apply.' 10C0 Harrison.'
WANTED-r-A girl for general housework^ 791
'2_McAllister £t. ¦ -> ; . -. • /
GIRL . to; do ; general - housework: family of 3
: adults. ¦ : - Inquire at 22 Second st.' ¦-•
GIRLS about 16 years -of age will find plenty
• of . good-paying work. LEVI • STRAUSS •¦ &
, CO., - 32% . Fremont st.^': MR. *¦ DAVIS. .:.- :
.WANTED-^Glrl for. : housework. 305 Haight.
GIRL for general /housework; ; small family.
. r Ii24 : Buchanan st. ~ - ; ; •
w ANTED— Good tailoress " on ves<s; steady
work. 225 Fifth su- ¦WASHINGTON, April 7.-In the United
StateB - Supreme Court ¦ an opinion was
delivered to-day by. Justice Brewer In the
case; of "Pine and others against the * city
of -New York " and . Controller ' Bird S
Coler, • Involving ,th<j right of the city to
appropriate all, water of a stream along
which the complainants resided. The
case was decided against the "city by the
Court of Appeals. ,but to-day's opinion
reversed the finding and remanded the
case ' for. .further . hearing with instruc
tions'to consider the question of damage.
New York Water Case Is Reversed
"Without subjecting ' the" bill to minute criti
cism, we . think its averments sufficient to
present the. question as to -the. power of one
State of the Union to wholly deprive another
of the benefit of . water: from a river in the
former, and,- by nature,-. Bowing Into and
through the latter, and that," therefore, this
court, speafclng broadly, has jurisdiction.
! Coming to the question of the demurrer;
,he Bald: • r
The general rule is that the truth of ma
terial and relevant matters set forth with
requisite precision are admitted by demurrer,
but in .a,case;of. this magnitude, ' Involving
questions of so grave and far-reaching: impor
tance,'It does not seem to us wise to apply that
rule and we must decline to do so. ' '. . ...
. He then stated the averments ' of the
contention of the States of Kansas and
Colorado, .concluding as follows:
Sitting, as It were, as an International as
well as a domestic tribunal.. we apply Federal
law. State law and international law as the
exigencies of the particular case may demand
and We are unwilling in this case to proceed
on the 'mere technical admissions made by de
murrer. ¦ ¦ • . •
"Xcr do we regard It necessary, whatever Im
perfections a close analysis of the pending bill
may disclose, to compel its amendment at this
stage of the litigation. \V g think - the record
.should, show on proofs whether Colorado Is
herself actually threatening to wholly exhaust
the flow, of. the Arkansas.. River.' In Kansas;
whether, .what Is described | In the bill 'as the
"underflow" : is a subterranean stream flowing
in 'a known and defined channel, and not mere
ly "water percolating through the strata be
low; whether certain persons, firms' or corpora
tions In ' Colorado must be made parties there
to; what lands in Kansas are actually situated
on the banks of the Arkansas River and what
either .'in Colorado or Kansas, are absolutely
dependent on ¦ water therefrom; ¦ the « extent ¦ of
the watershed • or the drainage area of the
Arkansas River; the possibilities of the main
tenance of a sustained, flow through the control
ol flood waters; In short.' the circumstances
a (variation in which might induce a court" to
either grant,- modify or deny. the relief sought
or any part . thereof .. In view. of the intricate
questions ' arising on . the record we are con
strained to forbear proceedings until all the
facts are before us on. the evidence. ¦"•"•¦
There was no dissenting opinion.
WASHINGTON, April <f.— The United
States Supreme Court in an opinion de
livered , by Chief Justice Fuller to-day
overruled" the demurrer of the State of
Colorado in the case of the State of Kan
sas vs.' the State of Colorado. The case in
volves, the right of Colorado to appro
prlate for purposes: of Irrigation the
waters of the Arkansas River, which
Kansas sought, by an original action to
restrain," on the ground that the stream
flows through 'Kansas and the people of
the latter State are. Injured by. such ap
propriation of the water. Colorado ; con
tested the jurisdiction of the court in the
case and filed a demurrer^. The Chief
Justice said that the case is one in which
the court can properly assume jurisdic
tion. He said also that the action of the
court in overruling the demurrer was in
tended to "be" without prejudice, but was
taken because , the importance of the case
was such that It should not be decided
without full proof on the questions set up
in the allegations of damage made by the
State of Kansas. •-
On the point of jurisdiction the Chief
Justice said: •
Supreme Court Overrules
Demurrer in Kansas
Water Fight.
WILL TRY CASE
OH ITS MERITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL, 8, 1902.
13
MONEY TO LOAN— T^o.^J^^"*^^^.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. W r HITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
- people on their note. '
THE TOUSLEY CO .143-PheIan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; -money
quick; lowest Interest: ea*y terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6$.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones. t
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2% without removal; no
brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, plane?; 110 com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. a Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Private party; confidential: lowest rates: pianos.
& furniture; no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a.- month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81, 6 Eddy.,
ON furniture, pianos 1 : lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no tndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co:. P.09 Phelan bids.
INSTRUMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
thft finest action can be had from us at such
low prices and easy terms that any one <_r.
afford to buy; in fact It is better to buy
than rent. We sell the Decker-WiBsner-Bau-,
meister and Utoddard. and you ca.iaot fall to
be ple-s.-d v/lih them. Call and I rok, even
If you dre nil ready to buy. THE'
ZEN'O MAT'VAlo MUSIC CO., 7<T) M.tr^ot.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
' p:ppositions are offered |n the way of prices
and terms upon planes, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to 'choose from.
FHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny aud Sutter sts.. -S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth Ets.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
; Second-hand upright pianos from $r>5 up.
¦ Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. .
ANY piano cold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full ' purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from Us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell et: established 1S50.
DEALERS, big profits saved on unredeemed
pianos; celling t'er storage and advances; up-
rights, $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
i age, 1710 Market st. - -
LUDWIO pianos — Most popular of Thl. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et., San Francisco. Agents Chase tt Baker
plsno player*.
SMALL upright. $.15; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut csse, . almost new. $278.
Bowers & Ron. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. WO Hayes St.
Moving East; mutt dispose of large, handrom*
upright grand piano; 3rd cost. 1000 Van Ness.
1 FINE old violin for sals; chetp. .350_&-M_-
sloa st. - - .
BYRON MAUZY. .10S-.110-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
3 - LEADING planes — Steinway. • Chickerlng,
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great «acrlftc*; _ uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULL.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
,OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE bright and airy store with large base-
ment, close to new Crocker Hotel: fine loca-
tion in a business district; 3 blocks from
. Market Et. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
LOFT for rent, 40x€5 feet, for light manufac-
turlng purposes: with water; $16 month.
WM. LOANE. plumber. 439 Fifth st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 027 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15@$25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
LARGE store and 2 living rooms. . _25& 8th
st.. bet. Howard and Folssm. ..
LARGE store with basement. Just below Kear-
ny, to lease: also office rms 636 Clay. " rr.«. 1.
-».v- OIL., i- H :¦¦¦¦ :."•,¦ ' '.:
OIL tanks, -nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 130-132 Beale st.
~~~~ OIL. _A.\ US.
FOR sale cheap — Ten.ecres patented laml. sec.
29-28-28, heart of. Bakersneld district; one
well on property; oil guaranteed under every
toot. L. W. MYERS. Laugblln building. Los
Angeles:
PAI XT_RS~AX D~DE^ORAt6 R s7~~
Rooms papered $3 up; painting &: tinting done.
Hartm-n Paint Co.. 319 3d' St.; tel. Red 3521.
PAPERING room, walls. £$: painting, fit
whitening, 75c. ifamuelson. 315 Golden Gate.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 142-t.
PALMISTRY^ "
MR^r^TpEARCET^clentlnc buslnesTpalmTsXI
parlors 9 and 10. The Vendome. l]O4 Market
sx.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p.m.; horoscopes cast ,
by mall. $1; palmistry caught.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
_L JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 516
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
personals!
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 iveekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and. Eighth. . 1
FREE Facial Massage during April,, using ccle-
¦ brated Loe Angeles preparations of
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Will remove moth patches, wrinkles, cure
the worst pimpled face. 123 Stockton St.
A — HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post st.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard . Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVAXS, Domestic office, 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— -Winchester
. Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
.free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A-WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to 'order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300. patterns.
A - FIRST-CLASS shampoo for 60c; hair dried
in 10 minutes; hair dressing,' 25c. G. LED-
ERER. 123 Stockton st.
AFTER date (April 7) I will not be responsible
for my wife's (GEORGINA LARSEN) debtb.
ANSEL LARSEN. . - --
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless;, free treatment;'
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT lei's than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market St.,
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. . : ,
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A school to learn halrdresslng, hair work," 'man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS\EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
I>r.G.S.Moore.332O'Farrell; send for circular.'
ELECTRIC needle specialists: superfluous hair
_ moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
DR. THIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy _t.. corner Mason.
Mrs* Briggs^ — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel: West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, . theat-
rlcal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders."
Electric & electric-ltght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed - by
. electric needle.Dr._:Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market. -
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna;' restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. . country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Mififit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont..
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure* 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS . AND ' SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:'
no operation; no detention from business: all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk-
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
- turgeon, at 4S4 Valencia- et. ; hours 10 to 8. -
UK. O. C.O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
. 1021 '.t- Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE—- .CITY— FOR SALE.
RIJAL ESTATE FOR SALE • > :
By C. S. CAPP & CO., it*
"•¦'.; No. U30 Market et.
California st., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses. 6 rooms and j bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontasre. . . ¦
Geary st., opposite 'Hamilton square — House,
2 htorlee, G rooms and bath; lot 22:0xjS2:0. - '
Eureka St., between 17th and 18th^-Lot 50x
120, with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000. •-¦ ¦
Eureka St., between 17th and 18th — 3 flats, 7
and S rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath ;
$U000.. ¦ /. • .
O'Fairell. between Polk and, Van Ness— Lot
27:0X120 to rear street, with 4 houses; well
rented. ¦ . < ¦.-- -^ , : •
PU'rce St., bet. California and . Sacramento —
Six houses; well rented; neat and modern..
Arlinpton. between Natlck and. Roanokb —
Lot 4.3x51 to 50 feet: only Sf.OO. "
i Golden Gate ave., b«t. Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and. bath.
1 McAllister st., between Pierce and Scott—
Fine lot. 25x137:6. -V. ; O .
Several cheao cottages at ' the Mission, near
Castro St.; easy terms If desired.-
; Alpine, near 14th— E. Bide. 25xl()0.- '
, Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
HERMAN MURPHY. C01 and 602 Examiner
building, Real Estate, Loans, Investment*.:
S1Q.500 — Nice little investment, near O'Far-
rell and Jones. ¦ ¦ -. ¦¦
. $l6.C00- i -Corner on .Polk, near Sutter. • ¦'.'*.>.:•
$10,000 — Near Turk and Jonep, .-¦
Offer -wanted on on* of the choicest proper-
ties on Van Ness ave.; contains nearly -20,000
square feet* three 'frontages. ¦ .••¦
$4750 — Splendid let on Pacific ave.; lies high
and dry. ? . •' ¦' . - ' . ¦". ; .. •
*6300— Nice hcme; now rented" at $30; near
Page and Scott. . ¦ . .. -._-•-
j $1800^ — Flats containing 16 rooms; rents $48
per month; near Sixth ttnd Mission. ... •
$1100 — Tenth ave., near H st. - v
— Larg4 frontage. 30x100; positively
must be sold; California et.' .
$S0O — Noe st., near Twenty-fourth. If you
are looking for a good little Mission bargain
don't miss this; owner sick and needs money.
, . . HERMAN MURPHY,
C01 and 002 Examiner building.
$1,400— NEW modem cottage: hot and, cold
water, bath, closet, sink, nice yard,-
fence ; a fine home; $400 cash, balance
y ¦¦-.. '.-.-.' ". $14 per month. . , . . .'• - _. ¦
?2.CO0 — Fine dwelling; beautiful location;
modcrit and up to date; $600 cash, bal-
ance easy terms, r - r -¦ . . '
$0,000 — Fine new building of three flats; near
Park; rent $S5; easy terms. . •
I10.CO0 — Splendid new building rear the. Park;
" three flats; rent $100;- easy terms.
$10,000— Fine new building of three fiats ; ma- ',
rlne view: rent $100; easy terms.
WELLS & SAUNDERS.
- C30 Market St.
GEO. THISTLETON & CO., ¦ :
Real Estate Agents, Ocean View, Cal.
HOMES IN SIGHT OF THE GRAND OLD
OCEAN. ¦ ¦ :
The San Francisco and San Mateo cars stop
at Sadowa St.. Ocean View. .
You can buy neat cottages, and fine level
tots, at a less price than In any suburb of
San Francisco. . ¦ ¦ .
' A neat 4-room cottage, 2 large lots, in choice
location; must be sold for less than cost of
the two lots. ' i
Four level lets. 25x125 each; worth at least
(SO0; must be sold for $400 or less. 3
Other property In proportion. Stop car at
Sadowa St.. Ocean* View.
• THISTLETON" S office and residence, 272
Sadowa st.; telephone Capp 2425."
JOSEPH STRAUB, : '
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. : '
Real Estate Agent. ¦ '- i
¦• 1 Property Bought and Sold.
; Rents Collected. . :
BARGAIN— New house of -6 rooms -and bath;
all modern lmorovements. besides store and
living-rooms In lower floor; cheap; easy
terme. See owner on j.remises NW. corner
Chenery and Falrmount sta. . •
APPRECIATED " If seen; new,' elegant' sunny
modern cottage; G large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley St., bet. 28th and 20th;
Guerrero-st. . cars r>ass door. . . ' , :
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langtoh
ets.-; 75x75. with Improvements; make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
square.
WANTED at once, a number of choice residence
lots; .we have cash buyers. waiting. HEALY
¦ ¦_ CARR. 927 Market St.. room 208. ¦' i>
30x137:0 FOR S3000: Pacific Heights. THE
McCarthy oo.-. (mo Market st.
REAL ESTATE—COUXTRY— For Sale
25,000 ACRES deeded, controlling as mucH more
adjoining range; a money-making principal-
- ity; offered owing to peculiar circumstances
at unprecedented sacrifice for cash: half the
purchase price could easily be borrowed from
any bank, if so desired: or would take part
and perhaps all in exchange of other prop-
erty. 8O0O acres of which is the very rich-
est of highly cultivated land; there being an
average cf 28 Inches of rainfall, never falls
to produce heavy crops of grain every year,
while It is unsurpassed in all the State for
production of quality and quantity of all
kinds of fruits and grapes, and, too, with'
out irrigation; all balance of the land, about
17,000 acres, is exceptionally good hill pas-
turage; considerable timber, . bur not a rock
on the place; Al. fencing: watered by living
creeks and innumerable springs; . no snow,
seldom a frost; would easily carry 5000 head
of stock; it's an Ideal home; . building? im-
provements cost over $10,000;. located only
eight miles by an excellent county road from
a thriving city; R. R. and steamer transpor-
tation; in Central Northern California; this
great property (with or without' personal
-property) will positively be sold to the hlgh-
. est bidder within next thirty days; t, will
pay $1000 to any one who may introduce or
be in any way instrumental In bringing to
my notice the purchaser.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT, pub-
lisher of the Weekly Descriptive Land Jour-
• nal, 6 Geary tt., San Francisco. .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO •
Email tracts, $00 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
. Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Can Francisco is. growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information..
1 12 ACRES of very rich land; suitable for mel-
ons and garden truck; family orchard; fine
1 "prune orchard; large buildings for'hog-'and
chicken raising; abundance of good water;
splendid opportunity for right -man. Call or
address at 3226 King st.. Berkeley. ;
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
paymentE. HEALY & "CARR. fl Eddy st. *
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market, S. F., & San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.
Land Dept., American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. . . "-
CHOICE' country lands for sale. Land Dept.,
AmerlcanGuaranty&TruBt Co., Hayward bldg..
FOR eale or exchange — Beautiful Income home 1
: . In San Jose for S. F. property, Box 4671, Call,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly"
Call. 16 pages, '• sent to any address -in the
- TTnltcd States or Canada one year. for $1.
':. summnAN real estate.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house.' near,
station, for "rent from June ; 1 ; , rent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo.....
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
BEAUTIFUL country home In town of Santa
Clara; 305x215; 9-room house, stable, out-
houses, tank house, artificial lake, fish pond;
will exchange for city property. SPARROW
107 Geary st. . •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFlCh-^1118 BROADWAY. ;
- '-'¦¦ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. : \
$500 CASH, $20 monthly — 5-room cottage; 4 1-3
acres; artesian wells; outbuildings;- Immense
shade trees; profusion- of shrubbery ; cre^k
running water the year round; superb soil and
•finely sheltered;' away -from fogs and winds;
an ideal spot for a home; city water and
- sewer; street macadamized; electric cars front
the property; postofflce, school,' churches,
-stores, etc.; business center; a rare buy; East
Oakland: price all told. $3500. Call or send
for. circular, 455 Seventh st., opposite Broa-d-
way Station,; Oakland; carriage free.'. HZ'
. JONE3. ¦ ¦¦ -¦¦ --'--.-. .- .- ¦-, ¦:'. .- --. ¦ -..•
O AKLANP JFURN I TURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this
, SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertisements^
.'•MILL VALLEY REAL' ESTATE., ,;
MILL . VALLEY— For sale or exchange for I im-
•proved city property, place known as Henry
place, on hill; view and climate unsurpassed ;
1% acres; house, barn,- small • orchard; sev-
. eral fine building sites; grand opportunity
for carpenter or handy man with tools ; fine
' residence property, hotel or Institution of any
kind.' See MRS. McGHEB, : 912A Larkin st. :
lliAMEfiA: vADY ERTISEMENTS.
\ ALAMEDA^JREAIi ESTATE, r '
BARGAI NST^ BARGAINS ! BARGAIN sT^T;^ *
; $1200»buys»a good cottage, 4 rooms and
, .bath: lot 50x150; a snap". ...... ;••: .
. S23C0 buys S-i-bomhouse; lot 35x150; a bar-
gain. .:,:¦/:. .~i: : -\ ; .:•¦:•-
-..-¦• J- See the -ALAMEDA. LAND CO.,
' . .- : . •.' 1500 Park St., Alameda..'
-.Homes built,; rented and exchanged. %
THERE are stllla few lots left on Santa Clara
ave., near Sherman st.; will build on terms to
suit. •¦¦;.•••¦ „• :¦".-:'"" '. , - ; -'::• :.'z'"'- ' ' -
- $2C50— New cottage: 6 rooms; Webber st. ;
lot 60x120.: - .', •{• J H." YOUNG. Builder, r
¦ -. ' 1243 Park St. ,
BERKELELlDVERTISEMENTS;
- BERKELEY. RE AL"> ESTATE." ¦
$2350— NEW -2-story-, house e-t ; 0. large, rooms, .
bath, large wash room, / tiled sink, - statlcn-
. ary. tubf, -fine mantel., and -sideboard, fine
gas fixtures; 2 blocks to school, stores, train,
: etc.; large corner lot, 45x100; - $200 : cash,
bslance ?_0 per month. W. C. M0RAN.&
. CO. ,' Lqrin Sta. and. Schmidt Block. Berkt ley.
$2000— NEW 6-Voom cottage; jot 100x125: fine
barn; near train and cars. W. C. MORAN
& CO. '. '-• . .." -."-'¦ ... . " .'¦- ¦
$750— 3 LOTS. 40il35 .each; snap." W. C.
--. moran & CO. - _ y ;-.. .-..-: ¦-*•.-.
$460—2 . LOTS, 50x 135 r each. W. i C. . MORAN
-- _ CO. . , -.;.•. >-..'---v.':." '/--""-. ..-.'';;,.-,-: :¦
SEE the -Wheeler Tract, before lots are raised;
40 already .sold.'; W. C- MOR AN _ CO..
' x Agents. V •*-•-•--•. '¦' "'¦.">¦¦'•¦¦¦• --.-¦-:.:..-".'..¦'.•¦•- - : ¦- .
$2400— NEW 8-room house; lot 50x130; 80 loot
. street; Vi block to cars; .$300 cash, balance
< tiame as rent. t W. : C. MORAN. &; CO.
MUST be sold; owner leaving for southern part
Of State;, handsome house of 11 rooms and
bath; good lqeatiort; 'fine: view; .lot 70x100;.
will sell at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
. ply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley,
¦station. ' '• ¦•¦-¦¦•¦¦¦"-*'•"¦"• '¦>•'.'¦.-
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; high base-
, ment; easy~~paymenta. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
IlOOJttS FOR^HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL™Tho. 1773 Market— Parior suite, with
kitchen; gas range; $20; other rooms. ' :
EDDY. 522— Parlor .floor; sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; bath,. phone; also other rms.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 622 — Sunny bay-win-
dow suite; 2 rooms; gas ranse, bath. etc.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 sunny completely connect-
ing housekeeping rooms;" running water; $10.
HYDE, : 40S— Sunny "parlor, with kitchen ; gas
etove', running water,- $18; also single rm., $5.
JACKSON, 920, near • Masnn — Furnished large
housekeeping rooms ;'$7,?3. ¦ ¦ - ¦" - - ;
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely furnished ¦- suite;
¦ sink,' gas range, bath, rphone. laundry; $10-$7. '
OCTAVIA. 155— Furnished; kitchen or light
housekeeping: newly .renovated. - "
O'FARRELL, 431— Suite sunny rooms; furnish-
ed for housekeeping. V.. , ; r . .
PAGE, 14%— Sunny front room and kitchen;
complete for hou sekpgv. bath and sas stove. '
POLK, 522— Bay-window front . sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping-; reasonable.
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms. $16;
"3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SHIPLEY,- 259 — 4. 4, .4, and 4 housekeeping
rooms, '4, fO,'$Sand $10; no animals; no
drunkards. . ¦
TEHAMA, 331—3 large sunny furnished houRe-
keeping room's to let. * MRS. FOLEY. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia tt. " . ¦ ¦ ¦ ..-.. •¦-¦•'
ROOMS TO LET—Fnra. ana Vnfnrn,
A— FREE list furnished room. to let: 'with or
without board;, we, save you walking the
streets. Tourist- Res ting Bureau. 10 Montg'y.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, -elegant,
runny; 75c day upward; rates' by week or
month;. McAllister cars to: door; handsomest
;' grill room in California attached. ". " ! t
A— BRUNSWICK , House. . 14R ¦ Sixth— Rooms..
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice Deaf sunny suites or singles; day,
. week or month; bath, phone. . 'S32 . Stockton.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
"... . furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦
BURNETT'. 142(T Market" (old* No. > 1364) —Fur-'
"nlshed 'rms.', suites,' single; also unfurnished.
FLLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nleely" furnished rooms,
T'.rSScV $1-50 night; ?VS0; $6'wk;'open all night.
GEAR. Y, 405 (The — Elegantly furnlsh-
i.J cd suites £nd' single;- travelers accommodated.
GEARY; 42i*(The'G_ge)-«-An elegant suit o7
r sunny rooms; also . single; the above house
, has ,<jharig«fd '.hands and be°n renovated.
GENTLEMAN "wants a gentleman .to share
with him a large" suite of ; rooms in a flrst-
J class family" hotel;" " Address 'L: - H.' r C, 26
. Montgomery st:. room 14. .".-.- /
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1' week ¦ up. ' ' -" '. ' ' ¦"".-*¦' ¦•
MARTINET, 1101- Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths; newly furnished single foomi.
MINNA, 667,; c<ar.' Eighth — Newly - furnished
bay-window room,; ?1 per week; transient. .
MISSION. . 827 — Newly furnished rooms with
board at low rate;- private family.
MISSION. 050— Elerantly furnished bay-wln-
-dow rooms; also 'rooms for light housekeep-
ing; everything new. " ' * .-••"¦ ..
MISSION, 2533 — Sunny furnished modern
-rooms; private; flrst-class-ln every respect.',
NEW ARLINGTON. ,1015 Market— Nicely furf
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. j
O'FARRELL,' 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY. Ill— Rent $6; fine double sunny, fur-
. nlshed room; private famlly.-
ROYAL House. 126 -Ellis — incandescent light,
"reading-room, smoking-room and" ladles' par-
¦ lor; rooms, per night.. 85c to $1 50; week, $2
*p to $8; month, ?S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Ulouse,- 28 Eighth ;it.;
near Markets— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely - furnished sunny
rooms; single,; suite; also housekpg rooms.,
SUTTER, 1022^4. nr. Hyde— Large double par-
lors, furnished: sun alt' day; phone. '-, ¦
¦TAYLOR, SlO^Sunny front room, $S;. another,
$10;<!uiet, select location. SrfK^
VALENCIA,, 1232— Nicely furnished room";
sunny;' gas,., bath;. for 2; near depot. .. .
Vendome. 1104' Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; f urn. suites. Mrs. V.-W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 1 subscriptions
received at Call-branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call- advertisements and
• subscriptions 'has been 'established at 1006
¦ '•• Valencia" at. v .¦'¦*'!-'¦••;'¦ '. '¦ -• :'¦¦¦- ¦* • '--
* ROO3IS AND BOARD. ¦ ~~ f
¦¦MEREDITH^5l8/rurk— Sunny -front- rooms;
¦¦ electric, lights; -hot. and cold water; modern;
first-class. board; reasonable; phone South 82». ¦
CALIFORNIA, 807. (Stevenson Mansion)— Select-'
:.v family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
-VAN NESS. 607— To a refined, couple; large
.' sunny parlor/; with aboard, • In [private -home
SUTTER. »04» — Elegant . furnished ' rooms; pri-
vate family; newly furnished; board optional.-
VAN 'NESS. 519— Handsome' furnished sunny
¦ suites, .single rooms; -first-class ¦ table "board.
ltooais AXU JlOAltl) ''WAXT-l).-
WANTED-^-Comfortsi bio home and . care for
. elderly eentlemah partially paralyzed. Ad-
. . tlresg; statins terms, ; box 4822. Call- office. |
WANTED— Room and board by lady In ex-
-chAnge.for new bicycle. Box 4708,- Call.
, LEGAL ADyERTISEMENTS. /
OFFICE ' of the Sierra ; Railway Company of
California. 229 Crocker bldg.. San Francisco.
Cal.. April 1. 1002— Coupon No. 10, due April
:-. ¦ 12 1902, from first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
of the 'Sierra Railway Company- of Calif or-
• nla.- will be paid at the. fiscal agency of this-
company, the * Crocker-Woolworth > National
':>¦ .Bank of ; San : Francisco. Cal.. on and after
that data. - S. P. FRESHMAN.- Treasurer.
"""Vx 1 ; DIVIDEND NOTICES. ".' a "
DIVIDEND iNotic* — The Giant Powder J Com-
- pany. Con. : - A- dividend. No. 40, of seventy-'
five cents. (76c) -per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock • of .the company j has . been declared
V payable at the office of the company, rooms
"; ' 202-204-206 ¦. Hayward building. : San • Fran-
cisco, on April 10. 1902.- Transfer books close
- April - 8.M902.- at - noon. J. R. LEAVELL,"
Secretary.' -"¦;.^ : " • ""'¦ •••¦'-'•"• - '- ¦.'¦¦
1 v:;:; J r i -;,;;./.s.PECjAL- notices. .,.?.;¦:.¦ ¦ : -
BAD tenants ejected for $4^collections made;
; city < or . countr>'. r PACIFIC : COLLECTION
. ¦-. CO.. 415 ¦ Montgomery, rooms . 0-10; >. tel.. 5580.'
SEWING-MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought; sold, rented, exchanged; r«-
... pairing; lowest rates., Tel. Green 144. 1 205 4th.',
tALL kinds bought,', sold, . rented • e'x?, : repairing;
i lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 148 Sixth.,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list hcuRes to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. VMBSEX & OO..14 Montgomery.
jr/> — HOUSE S rooms; also lurge yard and
basement. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
~ HOUSES FOR SALE.
iiUXf house. 7 rooms; tun air day: fine resl-
<5cr.ee district; Pcrtola st.. OS Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORK. C3 Portola.
laiVEST-IEXTS. ~~
IF yc« have money to Invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 1:J7 Montgomerj' «..
S. F.. know tt- Call or write for particulars.
LOST AS D FOLXD.
LOFT— Sailboat Eugene; liberal reward for in-
formation or return. The M. B. MORAGHAN
OYSTER CO., CS California Market.
LOST or exchanged— Alligator satchel on ple-
ulc b^at Sunday night; valued as gilt Iroia a
frienc; reward. Address box 4811, Call.
LOST — I'iies marked with four ax cuts. Find-
ers please notify City Street Improvement
Comrany. Mills buildinc.
THE 1'arty wlio took si'.k Ekirt from P>-thlan
Castle Saturday night will avoid »trouble by
leaving same at janitor'* office.
LOST — Black chatelaine containing eyeglasses,
etc.; near Eighteenth and Noe. sts. Reward.
_.-. Noe Et. ,' v
LOPT — Black encker rpaalel; duplicate tag €52
P.cturr. _"017 Dupcnt *t.; reward.
LOST— St-otch collie dog; whitish front: yellow" ;
-—brown body; reward. 1030 Mission st.
LOST— March 27. from Dr. Bazard's Dog Hos-
j)i:nl. eorncr Po« and Flllmore *ts.. a black
cocker d-.g. Return to owner. 413 Hyde tt.
ar.d receive rcv.-arC. - .
r LOST — Silver haired terrier bitch pup: afiiwErf
to nsrr.e Dot. lleturn to tlO Folsom st •
liberal reward.
IT will ray to "Remerabpr" that the Callfor-
r.ia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs o'.d
Bold and silver to make new tratch case*.
MATXllMOXIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: reliable and
confidential : lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTOESSESjixD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
bttry; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. KOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
et. ; tel. Bush 421. .
Erars. iron beds; mattresses : pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter.732 Mission; tel. Male 730.
MISCELLAXEOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAK. 1S3-197 Fremont sL
4Sxl6-IN*CH air receiver and Cuing; 36xH-lnch
air receiver end fittings: 54x10- inch oil tank
ar.d connections; 4SxlG-lnch oil tank and con-
nections; s<5_are and round tanks, all elzes,
61x16 inches; return tubular boiler, all com- i
plete; Atlas engine. Dow pump, all second
hand. 130-132 Beale et.. H. S. WHITE.
A — BCTS. tells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc XVHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st-
EAR fixtures; big Hock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-CoUender Co.. 652 Mission.
S^ARBLI- — For e_!e cheap; ten new scrolls,
large and rmall. single or all together, at
the Tell House, Ocean View.
A — $3 50 Derby and Feflora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny r_, near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
BABY bug-try, almost new. all- complete with
cushions. _:i u Guerrero St., nr. Fourteenth.
FINE cow and calf, 246 Elsie St., off Cort'.anJ
avenue.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER _ HAMILTON. .
$10 — FRENCH ranpe; fc-fool; second hand!
HOCKING & ADAMS. 3SS Geary st.
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business.
XEW Hcme and Domestic ' sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1815 Mission."
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CC3 Mission St.. bet, ltl and 2d sts.
TOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McM_Eters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS -d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, cold. Krcgh Mfg. Co.. 619 Market.
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
- - «~_. BCIJU-ELD Jt BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all eizes. new and 2d-h_nd
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 336 Mission et.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
SAFES — N-w and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento ft.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The French
Chemical XX>.. 241 y. Fifth St.. Phlla.. Pa.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gentV
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. £5 Stockton gt.; pbone Bush 4St.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
Ekins; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motore. all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcaIWks..418Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 gth rt. : tel. Jessie 2S5L
_^ MEDICAL.
A— DR. ODO.VXELL. world-renowned speclai-
1st. — Ladles, all *ho are sick or in trouble,
mfwrilt the specialist en female complaints;
znenctrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taker; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
case* ; free, confidential Advice on all subject*
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. "VVYETH — Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; 30 years' experience: instant relief
guaranteed: home in confinement. Removed
to lOOS^i Market st., opposite Fifth, ;.- ',
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable speclal-
lst. removed to 1008% Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Koyal University.
Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment. $15; room and board, $5 week; infants ¦
adopted; will take 2 to work at my pri\-ate resi-
dence. €06 Guerrero it., nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable spccial-
ist; maternity hwjiital; home for Infants free;
fee Jow. 606 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S M_rket — Reliable ladle*',
specialist; a private home before and during
ccnSneinent; best medical care; low fee*.
HIXDOOHEKB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. DAVIES. ladies' specialist, at old office,
122S Market Ft.; no branch of flee.
DR. ROSEN', ladies' reliable and sincere »pe-
ciallEt. 1007^ Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. KG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
_____________
A^lE^IlASrM^RP^ix7cor^S^x_nln^rbdg
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates..
On First and Second Mortgages
f On Llie Interests in Estates^ .....*..
'. Property Being Held in Trust.......
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problem* of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 001-602 E_amlr.er.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).- -
$300,000 at 5-<- and ti per cent in rums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property.;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi- :
ties; loans On unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real tstatc and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN' LOAN
CO.. 7TH FLOOR. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT.
First, Eecend and third mortgages. ... .:'. — .. |
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay .
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
. ,..R. McCOLGAN.. 1
24 Montgomery st.. room Z
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent;, first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interest*, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interetts. corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at'
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
Market st. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary t-t-; phone Red 1GC3.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
2<J Montgomery et-. room 7, opp. Lick House.
tsoo.OOO AT 6 per cent, in sums to euit In city;
<1 50.000 on large ranches at fair rates; bec-
owl mortgs. It. .T. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3C Geary. «t.. room 3_
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also eary _ payment loans.'
BAY AND HIVES; STEAMEBS.
Steamera GEN. FRISBIE or MOSTICELLO
»:_ a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. .Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, tt p. m., exespc
Sunday. Sunday, 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 3<>
cents. .Telephone- Main' ISO— . Landin* and
office. . pier .... Mission-street dock. .. HATCH
BROS. ; .. ,
Florist Co.
/ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
1 Prices -'Reasonable.'^
107 POWELL ST.n^ELUS 2S« 505d
I STORAGE -AND WAREHOUSES^.
5iERC_CrODOLPH. Storage and Moving Co.,
" office Post arid Powell' sts.;' tell Main 5713. -
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
..sion St.; tel. Howard 941. -. F. W. ZEHFUSS.:
BEKINS Van and ' Storage Co. , ' 630 Market st. ;
; tel. Main 1840; shipping at- cut rates. * - -. .¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
- : pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.' -
. TYPEWRITERS AND S U^£ L1E ;^^
GR_rAT^ARaUN¥1irrTYF_WRITERS^-We
-.'sell -better machines for less money than any
. house in the city; rentals $3. The .Typewriter
Exchange, S36 California; telephone Main 2C0.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.-;
The f ollowlrV marriage -. licenses were issued
yesterday:" . . "¦," ' : : : 7v-'
Henry L. Lucas, 37, Palo Alto, Cal., -?nd
Mamie B. Freeman. 26, -Portola, Cal. .'
Frah3 L. Johanson," 40, • French Camp. Cal.,
and Lydia Anderson, 40. French Camp, Cal. :¦ J
Charles H. , Stone. 32, -city, and Carrie B.
Strehl, ' 25," 'olty; -A .' ¦ - . . ; ¦ ¦-
William H. Reajden; 27.- San Jose, and
Frances Alessatidrtv 22, San Jo«e. . '..
¦ Luther D. Smith, . 3B, : city, and Margaret L.
Munn, 30. San Jose, Cal. ' ¦'/'--'.
Henry G.- Leffmann, 27, City, and Jennie
Stark, 21; city. ,/ • ¦ ~ ¦/' ¦ •"
Charles C. Thayer, " 20, ¦¦ city, and Daisy Q.
Batr, 27, Sonora, .Cal. s •- ¦ .
-Antonio Cuteno," 20, "Black- Diamond. Cal.,
and • Sneranza De - Marco. - 18, Blaqk Diamond.
• Eolvatore Tarrantino, 29, 2 Unlon.place.and
Provviden2lna Tarrantino, ' 25. .2 Union place.
Lcul<i A. Carrie, 21,- 701 Stockton street.- and
Marie Lacawle, 19. 701 Stockton street.
'. WUlardN. Drown, 27, • 2550 Jackson street,
and Edith J. Preston," 21. Palace Hotel. / ;
¦ Martin A. Calscn, 34, 54 Jackson street and
Anna M.' Bolgen. - 18. 108 Colllngwood street.
•• BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES-rr-DEATHS. ,
'.Birth, marriage and ' death notices -sent by
niall will not be ln«>rted. Tney n^ust be handed
In at either of 'the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
;... •'. V ¦ v born.
COWLET— In this city, Marcl/20, 1902, to the
I wife of Herbert P. Cowley, a son.
DALY— In this city. March e. 1002, to the wire
• of Edward J. Daly, a son. •;
KOCHMAN— In. Oakland, April 7, 1S02, to' the
wife of Michael J. Kochman, a daughter, j
LU8TENBERGER— In this city,- April 4,. 1002,
<¦ to the wife of M: Lustentjerger, a spri. -.¦"-' •
SCRANTOM— In South '. Berkeley. March 30,
1902, to the wife^of 'Henry P. Scrantom, a
daughter. - . ... ? !
TIENCKEN^In this city, April 5, 1902, to the
wife of Herman Tiencken. a daughter. ¦ •
WILDKRMUTH— In Oakland. April 5, 1902,
to the :wlfe" of Robert E. Wlldermuth, a
• " daughter. ¦ .--.,-.¦ '
¦¦;,-¦¦¦' • ¦ ¦ .- ¦¦:.•;¦ ; married. -; . '
HOFFER— DUNNICLIFF— In this city," April
6, lfiO2,' by .Thomas F. Dunn, .Justice of the
Peace, Florent Hoffer of San Francisco and
Clara L. - Dunnicliff of Nevada City. Cal. 1.
KOCH— BOWMAN— la th,ls city. A_ril 6,,"18W2.
by the >' Rev. George Guth, . Charles Louis
: Koch and Lena Bowman, both of San Fran- ;
ClSCO. / ; " : . - .' ¦ ' ; ' , " ¦ . < ¦ • '• ¦ •
KRUG— SCHABER— In v this city, April 5,; 1902,
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Anton Kru£
and Rose Schaber. both of- San Francisco. .
PFOFF— ELY— In San Rafael, Cal., March 23,.
. ,1902, , by the Rev. George Guth, Henry Pfaff
and Llda'B. Ely," both of San Francisco."
TAYLOR— WILSON — In this • cfty, ADril 7,
1902, by the Rev.- George C. Adams, -D.D..
Charles Lasselle Taylor Jr. and Ethel. Con-
_____________________________
...v ¦; -.•/. -.'¦: died.-. .-'¦ \ - ~~
Arrowsmlth, Mar- v Jacoby, Henry
¦ caret -" 'Juncers, John
Black, -¦ 3. E. .' - Keys. Dougiaa
' Bocse, : Anna P. A. Kirchner (infant)
Burnham, Marion" R. j Molino: Alberto-
Cafferata.- Dr. A. ; • Olasuez, .Thomas
Capurro, Giuseppe :.;¦ ¦ Scantleburj'. " Geo. H.
"Cumming, David B. Seanor,* Geor_e -•'.•". ::
Furlong. Thomas Shav/, William .P. , ;
Gamier. Alphpnae • ¦ Straub. John
: Groom, Juanlta : . Tragon. . Hortense S:
¦¦¦ Hall, William • ' Valentine. LoreUa A.
Hartsough, Mary L. " . Watuv.- Albert W. .
Haskell. Benjamin B. Wllhelm (infant) _
'• Hierllhy. ' Thomas L. Wilmans". Martha J.
.' Hoeft, Alice ¦¦-".___ • ¦ ¦'•' V' -•.'¦¦"¦
ARRQWSMITH— In this city, April 5. 1902,
' Marg-ret Arrdwsmlth (known -as- Smith;,
beloved w'fe of.;. John: Arrow-smith, . sis-.
. • ter of ' MrR. ;T. Spooner and : the : late
Sablna Madden, and aunt or Patrick,"
¦ Mary Ann.' John T., Edward, and ;Sa-
«•" bliia .Madden, - a native- of County . Galway. ! .
Ireland. (New. York papers pleass copy.) ¦
•' ehy-Frlends and i acquaintances •¦ are respect-
fully Irivlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
. : (AVednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
¦ reridence. 1_4%B' Silver street;- thence 'to fat..
". Michael's Church,— Ocean" View," : where- a
1 requiem high -mass r will -be. celebrated
¦ f »r the repose of her soul, at, 10 o clock. In-
Vtermt-nt Holy Cross Cemetery. ....¦, . •
BLACK— In this ' city,' April • 6/. 1902, J.' E-
Black. , aged "30 -years. , :„. . , . iU_i
BOESE— In this city. AP ril 6 -- 1902> ' Anna
Pauline Amelia Boese, beloved wife of Nlco-
. laus Boese,- a native of Jullusberg,. Germany,
aged 41 years 7 months and 30 days. (Wash-
'lnstcn.'.D., C, .." and Portland, .-.•Or/,"- paper3
please copy.) . . ¦ ¦ ¦
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Tueeday, April 6), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street • between " Seventh and . Eighth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . ""¦"..
BURNHAM— In this city. April «. 1902, Mar-
lon Reed Burnham. .beloved daughter of Mrs.
E. A. Burnham, and sister of Mrs. Henry
Moore of Chicago. 111., and Walter and Ella
Burnham' of Cleveland, Ohio, a. native of
Cleveland, Qhio, aged 33 years. \
CAFFERATA'-^In Casa - Grande,' Arl2ona,
April 3, 1902, Dr. -Albert Cafferata, beloved
Eon of the late Antonio and Angelina Caf-
ferata, and brother of Mary Cafferata. and
nephew -of John, Kate and Jennie" Perazzo..
'a native of San Francisco, aged 27_years 4
i months and 7. days. ' ' ' ¦', . ,' o „„
D_r Remains now at his late residence. 802
Broadway. A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his , soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock 'to-day (Tuesday), at
Sts. Peter's and Paul's Church. Interment
strictly : private. v ; ' %' '
CAPURRO — In this city. April 5. 1902, GIu-,
seppe Capurro, beloved husband of Madelana.
* Capurro," ' father of Adolph and Attllo Ca- ¦
purro, brother of G. B. Capurro and Andrew
Capurro of New 1 - York, and nephew bt Anto-
nio Capurro, a native of Italy, . aged 63 years
and 2 months. ... . . ::. ; , .
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvittd to attend the funeral 'to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ uence 525 Green street, between Dupont and
Stockton, ft Interment Mcunt Olivet Cemetery.
CUMMING— Of diphtheria, April ¦ 7, S 1902,
David- Bragg Cumming, -third son-of George
M. and Elizabeth. B. Cumming, aged 7 years
.7 months arid 14 days. - " - .'
B_T Funeral private, April 8, 1902. .. ¦,,
FUULONG-^A high requiem. mass. will be cele-
brated Thursday i morning ¦ at St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
- ''¦ commencing at 9:30 o'clock, for the repose of
.the soul of the late Thomas Furlong.'
GARNIER— In -this city, April 7, 1902, Al-
5ihons*' beloved husband of. Loetitla' Garnier,.
gather - of Andre P. J. ¦: Garnier.,- and son-in-
law of Mrs. Lucte : Lenf ant, • a native of
¦ France, aged 03 years * 10 months ¦ and 26
¦ day3. * - . •' ¦ " -¦¦.-" "¦¦-¦^- :. .
GROOM— In this, clty.-.April 7,^1902, Juanlta,.
•infant daughter of Joseph P. and Louise.
G room, . a '. native of San , Francisco, ased 1
HALL— In Oakland] April" '6. 1902, William
¦ Hall, *& native of County Monaghan," Ireland, •"
' a.ed 82 years. . , .. r.- ¦
: i (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited " to attend the funeral on T_esr
day, April 8, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from . his
late residence, 838 Twenty-ninth street. - In-
tei ment Mountain View, Cemetery. , Please
¦ omit flovfers.^- r^. » •.-,•.»...,... .— . .. _ ¦ •
"HAItTSOUOH— In this city, April 4, 1902,
Mary Louise, "beloved mother- of; David,-'
Christopher, - Clarence, Elmer and Raymond
¦ Hartsough.* Mrs.- J.i.D. Morgan; and Mrs. E.
Rebstock, and sister of Mrs. F. V. King and
Richard Wheeler, a .native of Buffalo, . New
.York, aged 57. years 8 months and 7 days.
¦ .ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
-> fully invited to attend ¦ funeral services Tues-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
* (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS- AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.*
¦ Telephone South 80/.. - •'
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
' • • • ¦/ .' f NEAREST. THE "¦ CITY."
Office, 916; Market Street.
; /.;., Telephone Bush 3G7.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
' '. Samuel McFadden, 18 ' years manager for
ithe United -, Undertakers'. Association; M. J.
McBrearty. With the -same company, for 18
: years; | P. F.. Green, late with J. ' C. O'Con-
nor &;Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
' lors - at ¦- 1171 - Mission - St., between Seventh
¦ and -Eighth. -Telephone -South 44. .-. • .
REMOVED!
:-•' ¦¦:' MoGINN BROS.. -
FUNERAL '; DIRECTORS and • EMBALM-
ERS,' to 224 and. 220 McAllister St.*. (For-
t'merlv of 31 Edd"at.^Tfl. South 252.)
vMcGINN,
j. Formerly,;; With -McGinn^ Bros.,' has/ opened
.new -Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
'Taylor: and Jones. ; Telephone : South ; 676.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
ttfe_ Wharf, San Kranciaco:
aSSsii- For Kotchlkan. Juneau.
—fesa^y- Skasuay. etc.. Alaska— 11
|^_r»C^ a. m., April «. 11. lti.
; '»_*?:_[ %S1 215, May 1. Chanse to com-
i _*S**Ci*lSa pany's steamers at Seattle.
; f*^23»S_?\l For Victoria, Vancouver.
W ¦ ;^*i«ffl__B ¦ Port To-rnsend. Seattle. Ta-
. ' coma, Everett, New What-
com— H a m^APrtl C. 11. 10. 21. 2£ May 1.
Change at Seattle to this company's steaiiers
for Alaska an_ G. N, Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N P Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P--RT-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
April 7 12 17 22. 27. May 2.
For Los "Angeles (via Port Los ¦Angeles and
Redondo), . San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Spokane, Sundays. 9 a. m.; State of California.
Wednesdays, 9 a. m. • '
For Los ¦ Angeles (via - San Pedro and T&st
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, San Luis Obtspo
(via Port Harford), 1 Ventura. Hueneme and
•Newport (»Santa Crux only). . -
Coos Bay. ft a. m.. April 12. 20. 28. May 6.
Santa Cruz. 0 a. m. (freight only). April 3.
16. 24.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay.'San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa-. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
I J Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
\ GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agents,
,. - • 10 Market St.. San Francsico.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
:jjf'-<j— — FOR
' LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNK 1
VALENCIA : .....JUNE!
And . fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamer*. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year.
.landing all passengers and freight without lorn,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. GenL Agents.
10 Market' St.. " San Francisco.
Wgag- NOME
\liPlll_- SAIL.INCS.
|SS. PORTLAND
U\ . . WILL SAIL FOR
NOME direct
(Stopping at Unalask* only .long enoush to coa_>
' "For Freight and Passage Apply t6
NORTHERN: COMMERCIAL -CO,,
'. 645 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,1 P__«t
Sound Agent. . Seattle. Wash.
STEAMSHIP >^
SHAWMUT
10,000 Tons Capacity. Speed. 15 Knots.
. ¦' f. SAILS FROM - — • ""
PHILADELPHIA
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 21, 1932,
- ¦ - FOR ., M
SAN FRANCISCO.
.'LOW RATES. FINEST SERVICE.
For Rates and Space Apply to
V. V ATLANTIC _ PACIFIC CO..
¦' - ¦ .Loading Agents, Philadelphia, ¦:
Or to
" THE CHAS. NELSON CO..
No. 6 CALIFORNIA ST.. San Francisco.
O.R.& N-CO.
'- ' ' ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or./
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail. a.
-¦••::-• LOWEST ZL—TSS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
_S. COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23, May 3. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails ."..;t
,..;..........' ...Aprils. 18. 2i>. May S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y, S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and. Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calliag at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting i at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day o£
E_llln_. ' • ____t____BBBB_
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ ." - '
...; Tuesday. April 13tl». 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May »th, 1903
S3. AMERICA ilARU.....
Wednesday, Juxw 4th. 1900
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market '^yor^r^rs^^
Jfamburg-Jtmericcm.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOtrrHr-CHERBOCRQ— HAMBTTRO.
Centschland ..April 1'IColumbIa .."....-lay $
F. Bismarck.... May 1 IDeutschtand ...May 13
TWIIS-SCREW^ PASSENGER SERVICE.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAHBUKO.
- Walderseo ... .April 121 Pretoria, -.«... .April t$
Pennsylvania .April 22 [Molt Ice ...... ..May 9
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents tot PndOa
Coast, 401 California St.. San Francisco.*
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,- Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April llfGTJATEMALA.Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...April 19|PAL_XA......May -4
a These steamers are built expressly for Cen*
tral and South American passenger- service,
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 310 California street.
• BALFOUR. GUTHRIE _ CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceanics.s.co.iHS
¦ SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a. m,
SS. ALAMK-A, for Honolulu
Saturday. April 19, 2 p. m.
63. AUSTRALIA, for .Tahiti
....- ......Sunday. May 4, 10 _ m.
I. D. SPSECKELS _ BBOS. GO. , General Aits., 329Mar_8i
Get'l Pass. Olce, 643 Mar_Bt sl, Plsr Io. 7. Pacific sl
PANAMA R.R. ST S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA .DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage,- 140; _eals Free.
S..S. Argyll... ..Sails M_y
S.'S. Leelanaw. , ..Sails May
From Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.-
CCXPAGNIS OEITSS&L- TB-NSATLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT. LINE TO HAYP.E-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday,. Instead of <J|W3
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. iwWff-fffgr
North River, foot of Morton street.
.First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
cl.is* to Havre .$45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broad-way (Hudson building). Ne-r
York.' - J. F.' FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaa:
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all ' Railroad , Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN __X_V_3.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Philad'pha. Ap.lG.10 am. Si. Louis.. Apl.30,10 am
St. Paul-.Apl. 23, 10 _m!Philad'pha.May7,10 anx
OE_E3_> STA_l X_CN—-.
• NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Pennl-nd-.Apl.lV3 pir Kc:ns:ngton.Ap.23. noon
Vaderland..Ap.l8, noon Zeeland...Apl. SO. .noon
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. '
CHAS. D. TAYI.OR.Q.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
RIGGERS' and ' Stevedores' Union Association
— Funeral Notice: The funeral - detail, com-
mending a,t'John Korlen and ending at Jo-
seph Lenhardt, will assemble at their hall.
CC'i Front «treet. at. 9:30 o'clock- Wednesday
. mornlnjr, April 0. to attend, the funeral of
our late brother, Thomas Teeling. Fines for
¦ non-attendance will be strictly enforced. ¦ By
order P. F. WHEARTY, President. !
HUGH McKEVITT, Rec. Sec.
n_TFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at- ll:'3O o'clock,
at Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Bush
¦ and Gough streets', jj Interment private.
STRAUB — In the City and County Hospital.
¦ April 6, -1002, John Straub, a native of Ger-
many, a_ed.4O years. '-„-".":
TRAGON — In this city. April 6, 1902. at St..
Joseph's Home,- 1 lor tense Nancy Tragon. a
native of Switzerland, -aged - 75 years.
VALENTINE— In this City. April 7. 1902.
. Loretta Anita, beloved daughter of John B.
r and JEllzabeth Valentine, srster of John.Rob-
_ eft. Alice.. Aloystas, Frank, Peter ! and Eu-
-¦ gene Valentine, an* granddaughter of Alice
-Burns (nee Cooney). a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 8 days.
WATTS^-In Napa,. March 29, 1902. Albert Wil-
1 liam Watts, brother of Thomas Watts, a na-
tive of London, England. (Australian papers
please copy.) - - -
B_T Inserted by John P. Lucas, in loving
remembrance of a dear friend.
WILHELM— In this city. April 5, 1002, Infant
daughter of George and Josle Wllhelm, a na-
,' tlve of. San Francisco.
WILMANS— In Newman. Cal.. .April 7, 1902.
Martha J. WUmans. beloved mother -of F.
. W. Wilmans and J. M. Wilmans, a native of
Missouri, aged 73 years. .-
(CrRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment at Los Gatos, Cal. .
SHAW— In this city. • Arril 6, 1902. entered
into rest, William. Prosper Shaw, a native of
• . New York, aged 49 years. .
inTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervlceu
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
the residence of his parents. 306 Lily ave-
* nue, on! Laeuna. street, . between Page and
Oak. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCANTLEBURT — In Murphys, March 31.-1002.
Oeor_e-H. Scantlebury.- a native of Corn-
wall, England, aged 43 years.
SEANOR— In thfs city. April 7, 1902, George,
beloved husbarfd of . Hessa Seanor, and
father of Cora Seanor, a native of England,
aged 64 years 3 months and 2 days.
: ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from .the par-
-•lors of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street,
- thence to St.' Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
-avenue, near Jones street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated . for the repose
.of his soul, . commencing at -8:45 o'clock. In-
¦ terment Mount -Olivet Cemetery. ... •
KEYS— In this city, April 7. 1902, Douglaa
' Keys, a native" of New York, aged SO years.
KIRCHNER— In this city, April 7. 1902," ln-
- fant daughter of , Charlea 4 and . Dorathea
.Kirchner, a native of San Francisco.
MOLINO — In the City and ' County Hospital.
April 6. 1902, Alberto Molino. a native of
*• Mexico, ared 62 years. • ; .
OLAGUEZ — In this city, ADril ' 7, 1902.
Thomas, beloved son of August and Martha
j Olaguez, brother of Lottie, Francis, August
. and, Frank . Olaguez, aud nephew of Tomas
Olaguez, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
• years" 4 months and 8 days. • -f- \..
.. .IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
,". fully invited to attend ' the funeral services
tc-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapolof Odd 'Fellows' Crematorium. .
JUNGERS-^-W Glenwood Sprtnjrs. Colo..- April
1 ' 1, 1C02, John Jungrers, beloved husband of
Katie. Juneers,, a native of - France, • aged 34
. years .8 months and '12 days. ; : : '.- •
day. April 8,. 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at he?
late residence, 12_V4 Oak street, thence to
- Church of - the Advent, Eleventh street.
near Market, at 2 " o'clock. Interment
':- Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral. car fro.n
' Eighteenth and . Guerrero streets. -
HASKELL— In Oakland. - April 6, 1002/ Benja-
min; Butler Haskell, husband of Happy Ha«-
...kell of 5S00 Grove street, a native .ol Sharon.
Ohio;- aged 35 years. • , ¦ -" ¦',.- ,
HOEFT— At Point Keyes, Marin County, April
, 6, 1902, Alice, beloved wife of George Hoeft.
a native . of Indiana, aged 37 years and 9
months. .- . •_ . ¦
"¦- lE_rFuneral will be held at Olema Wednes-
day, at 11 o'clock. -• - - -
HIERLIHY— In Alameda. ADril 1. ' ' 1002.
Thomas Lewis Hierllhy, beloved husband of
Mrs Nettle J. Hierlihy, and father of Miss
Bessie; B., Bertha and Jennie T. Hierllhy, a
native of Tabusintac. Canada, ased 59 years
5 months and 15 days.
JACOBY— In this city, April'. 7, 1902... Henry
Jacoby, beloved father of Mrs. Emll Pohli.
and uncle of Franz Jacoby. a native of Ber-
lin, Germany, aged 78 years. ' . '~X
OCEAN TSAVEIi.COMMERCIAL COMPANY FORMED.— The
America Commercial Company was Incorporated
yesterday with a capital • stock of $5i\00O. The
directors, each of whom have subscribed $100,
are: G. R. Fletcher, E. J. Porteus. J. E.
Clasby, William Ramsey and H. W. Bodwell.
Earl Hamilton, 14 years of age, and his
brother George, 11 years of age, were con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday of a
charge of petty larceny for stealing news
papers on Sutter street on Sunday morn
4ng. The boys* father was In court and
said that Earl was incorrigible and led
his youngef brother astray. Earl had al
ready been sent to the Boys' and Girls*
Aid Society, and it was asked that he be
sent there again till his father could place
him ¦ on a deep-water vessel. The order
was made, . and owing to George's youth
he was sent home with his father.
Newspaper Thieves Convicted.
Yesterday . morning J. Fassler, dairy
man, 5230 Mission street, reported to the
police that his driver had been assaulted
by six men at Ellis and Webster -streets.
The men were driving In a wagon and at
Ellis and Buchanan streets they asked
Fassler's driver to leave his wagon, as
they desired to talk with him. He drove
on to Webster street and they followed
him. As he left his wagon to deliver milk
to a customer the six men attacked him,
knocking him down and kicking him on
the head. They then drove away. Fass
ler's driver says he could recognize one
of the men. . . .
Beaten and Kicked by Six
Men. .
Driver of J. Passler's Milk Wagon
Some discussion took place • concerning
the requirements for membership, and it
was - practically determined that I -every
reputable person and firm engaged prin
cipally in ' the real estate business p and
having .an . office for the transaction .of
such business shall be eligible. As much
as possible the real estate agents will
form local associations in their respective
neighborhoods. The membership fee will
vrobably be 15, with dues of $1 per month.
Throughout the proceedings enthusiasm
was noticeable. • Those in attendance
were: ¦'¦; . • '. ; .'./ .;
-CM. "Wooster, Santa Clara; ¦ Robert. H.
Hartley, ) Sacram«nto; . O..-G. May, Berkeley;
John Hea. Mill Valley; C. J. Weber. Stockton;
O. 1>. Houts, Santa Rosa; John C. Mock. Co
lusa; Charles F. Foster, ' Cornini: ¦ • H. ¦ B.
Towne, Santa Cruz; George E. /wnhoit. Stock
ton; R. P. Quinn, TVatsonvllle:iO. "W. Harney.
Marysvllle; J. H. Speck, San FVancJsco; M. t>.
Eaton, Stockton: Caesar Rodonl,;-San Fran
cisco; J.* II..-. Wells, Auburn; J. C. Carly, Sac
ramento; David Bush, San Francisco; J. H.
Jones, Gridley; T. L. McCarthy, Dixon.
A letter from Frank Miller, president of
the National Bank of D. O. Mills of Sacra
mento, relative to the listing of land with
the State Board of Trade which are for
Bale, was read and placed on file. During
the day the districts convened separately
to make up, their representation in the
executive board. : ':
Delegates Present.
.a ' '¦¦'¦ v /.'..; ) ' *
was effected yesterday afternoon, when
the officers previously named were elected,
together with the executive board. The
Bank of California was selected as treas
urer and depositary of funds. To provide
by-laws, a committee was appointed, when
consists of C. M. Wooster, David Bush,
CvF.- Foster of Corning and Robert H.
Hawley of ..- Sacramento. This committee
will report at; the next meeting, which
will be held on the first Monday in May.
STRENUOUS TREATMENT
OF A NON-UNION MAN
REAL ESTATE MEN WHO
WlLll ADVERTISE THE RE
SOURCES. OF THE " STATE.
A suit for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide was filed by Matilda Leven
berg against Samuel Levenberg yester
day. ¦ They were married in 1862. Mrs.
Levenberg also asks the court to restrain
the Hibernia Bank from paying to her
husband any sum he has pn deposit, with
the Institution and to prevent the firm of
Magee & Sons from selling certain land,
which she claims to be community prop
erty, to Warren Olney. .
The plaintiff alleges that Levenberg has
$500 on deposit in the Hibernia Bank and
that there is also in the hands of Magee
& Sons the sum of $500, received from Ol
ney as a deposit binding the sale ef a
ranch in San Mateo and a lot at the cor
ner of Church and Market streets in this
city. She alleges that her husband has
agreed, to sell both pieces of land to Ol
ney and that unless he. is restrained by
the court he will convert the proceeds of
the sale to his own use. ,i
y George Gray, a member of -the firm or
Gray Bros., contractors, who was di
vorced from Madge F. Gray in December,
18U8, has been cited to appear before
Judge Troutt Friday, April 11. to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court for falling to comply
with the order of court directing him to
pay his wife *200 per month alimony for
the support of herself and two children.
Mrs. Gray alleges that there is now ow
ing to her, the sum of $600 back alimony.
.The Grays have been in court many times
since Mrs. Gray secured a divorce on the
ground of cruelty and the question of ali
mony has been v the bone of legal conten
tion. Gray, was ordered to pay his wife
$250 per month for one year after the de
cree of dviorce was granted, at the end of
which he^was to pay her $200 per month.
During the first year he gave his wife
several large sums in addition to the
monthly alimony. He failed to pay the
alimony for several months and Mrs.
Gray brought suit to recover the amount
due under the orders of the court. Gray
opposed the suit 'on the ground that the
.money he had advanced Mrs. Gray was
alimony and that he did not owe her any
thing. Mrs. Gray claimed that the money
was expended for the care of the two chil
dren in sickness and therefore was not to
be considered a part of the alimony. The
case was bitterly fought and resulted In
a partial victory for Mrs. Gray.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by A. B. Howell against Nellie Howell for
desertion. Marguerite Brammertz against
R. I. Brammertz for failure to provide,
Henry N. James against Alice M. James
for desertion, Ena M. Acock against Wil
liam M. Acock for failure to provide. Lulu
Parsons against W. H. Parsons for
cruelty and Mary Bowen against John M.
Bo wen for failure to provide.
Divorces were granted to Emma ¦ G.
Stanlford from G. B. Stanlford for habi
tual intemperance and S. A. Clarke from
Alice Clarke for cruelty.
band Fails to Pay
, Alimony.
Madge E. Gray Says Her Hus-
Mrs. Levenberg Sues tor
Divorce and 'Stops
Sale of Property.
SAYS SHE OWNS
HALF OF LAND
He says that the cable will be first laid
to Honolulu and will be later extended to
Manila. He expects that the cable will
be laid to Hawaii this year.
George Gray "Ward, vice president of tha
Postal Telegraph Company, and vie©
president and general manager of tho
Commercial Consolidated and Commercial
Pacific Cable Company arrived in this city
yesterday. He is here to select a spot on
which to lay the Pacific Coast end of the
cable between America and Honolulu.
The , Navy Department recommended
Monterey as the spot on this side of the
continent, but Mr. Ward, after careful
consideration, decided that he would pre
fer it in San Francisco.
of Cable.
Lay Pacific Coast End
Ward Will Select Point on Which to
WIRE W3XL CONNECT WITH
HAWAII THIS YEAE
¦ We have used every honorable means to
bring about an amicable settlement of this
difficulty, even going so far as to lend Viro
representatives of this office to San Francisco
to adjust matters. Early In December we.
deputized Brother Miller, secretary of our gen
eral - executive board, to visit San Francisco
and endeavor to arrange a settlement. He
succeeded in having the District Council post
pone action: until the January meeting of tha
general executive board.
However, the District Council still refused
to b« governed by the decision rendered by the
general, executive board at their January ses
sion, and continued to call strikes against our
loyal members and force them off jobs where
they were working.- Brother Grimes, also of
tbe general executive board, was then ini.tn.ot
«l t»-Tl«lt 8a» FrmclKO and use every en
deavor to adjust the matter. He has done all
in his power to try and effect a settlement
of this difficulty, and on his recommending
the suspension of Union No. 22 I submitted the
matter to our general executive board, and
that body approved of my action.
Brother Guy Lathrcp is to hold all property,
books, charter and funds of Local Union No.
22. In trust for thta office. All loyal member*
who desire to retain their standing In thl* or
ganization, on application to Guy Lathrop will
be granted clearance cards, which they can
deposit In any local union of our organization
In San Francisco.
Provides for Cards.
This committee comprises. E- E. da
Roln, Patrick Kerr and George Fulton.
Delegates were appointed to form, in con
junction with the other loyal unions • of
the brotherhood, a new district council.
The members of No. 22 , who are en
deavoring to get the new charter, claim,
they will be victorious, as more men are
joining every day. They claim that la
& few weeks they will have them all.
The following announcement from, tne
president of the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners, confirming the
suspension of Union 22, has been received:
To the officers and members of Local Lnlon
No. 22. San Francisco — Gentlemen: On ac
count ot the continued absolute refusal or
Union No. 22 to obey the decision of our «en
«ral executive board, and the repeated at
tempts of that local union. District Council
and Building Trades Council . to dlscrimlnato
against loyal members of our organisation In
yoar city — particularly against Imon No. 453 —
and causing said union to be suspended from
both the .councils mentioned, and calling
strikes against the members of that union and
other unions - under the same jurisdiction, X
hereby suspend Local Union No. 22 from, af
filiation in this United Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners of America, In accordance
with the power vested In me as general preal
dent. under sections 21 and S3 of the general
constitution. -
Names of Committeemen.
A meeting of the members of Carpen
ters' Union No. 22, which was recently
suspended by order of *the executive
board of the United Brotherhood, was
held last night at the Turk-street Tem
ple. About 250 were present. The meet-
Ing was called to order by Chairman
Frank Crawford.
It was decided to make application- to
the national association for a new char
ter, the following necessary ten men
signing for that purpose: Frank H-
Crawford, E. W. Hutchinson. P. Hanson,
L. Lester Edner, Moses Foss, G. M. Ful
ton, John Broadwood, Patrick D. Lynch.
Thompson T. McNeil and Ira JN. Wheeler.
George Sutton and Henry Meyers, ex
members of No. -£i, made rousing
speeches. Forty-eight men signed «"*
roll last night, mailing 15» aitogetner.
Over 300 have applied ior admittance.
A committee composed of M. Foss. .k.
E. Fluth, L. L- Eaner and 1* w. *iut
chinson was appointed to secure a nail
for permanent quarters for the union.
Others were appointed to act as a press
committee to refute some of the stones
it is alleged are false that have been cir
culated by the opponents of No. 22.
Appointed.
Rousing Speeches Delivered
and Committees Are
Union No. 22 Signs Men
Necessary for the
New Move.
CARPENTERS ASK
FOR A CHARTER
Talk over the details while you lunch"at :
the Cafe : Zinkand. . . < ? • :'
be like visiting Europe without seeing
Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco. It is a marvel of beauty and
elegance. It is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry emporium in the
world— the splendid conception of a mas
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste and skill challenge competition here.
To be appreciated It must be seen. Every
visitor and resident should go and exam
ine the marvels of genius at 221 Montgom
ery street, A- Andrews, proprietor. •
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
To Visit San Francisco
S The annual election , of officers for- the
Bohemian Club took place yesterday. No
opposition to the" regular : ticket* was de
veloped. The- following , officers ¦-. were
chosen: President, Frank P./ : Deering;
vice president. Dr. J. Dennis.Arnold;sec
retary, Charles -K." Field;, treasurer, . Wil-'
11am B. Hopkins. Directors for two yearr •
Frederick W. Hall, Richard M. 'Hotallng
William Letts Oliverand Thomaa Rick
ard. ¦ :^>
Bohemian Club Election.
Peter Mayntzer and Charles Gillard
were Instructed and arraigned in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday on a charge of
criminal assault upon Hattie Wltbeck a
girl 15 years of age, living at 730, Valencia
street, and the case was continued till
April 10. The girl was a (companion ' of
Kate Kulvenbach, the runaway girl who
stole jewelry : from Weinstock. Lubln &
Co. and was sent to the Magdalen Asy
lum last Tuesday. •
Says She Was Assaulted.
Registrar Walsh notified the Board o{
Election Commissioners yesterday that
5609 citizens have registered to date, as
against 4868 up to the same date last
year. The Registrar strongly urged the
continuance of the plan to_ keep h!s of
fice open on Wednesday, evenings untH
further notice. He was granted author
ity to correspond with manufacturers, of
voting machines and to invite them to
send samples here in order to demon
strate their utility and .acquaint Voters
with their uses.
Want Sample Voting Machines.
The affair was arranged and carried out
to a successful termination under the di
rection of the following named: ._¦ :j£
Max ¦ Heymin : Sigmund Reeensburgrer," P. P. ';
Jac. Hallman, Jac. Hecht ; Adolph Wolfe,' ; P.
P,; Isaac Herzbergr, P. P.; Marcus Zacharias,"
P. P., chairman; Herm. Fridelander, ¦ P. P.; M.-
Kramer; Jac. Gunzburger. .P.. P.; Charles
Werthelmer;" Jacob Greenebaum, P.; P.' .
Address, Jacob Greenbaum, past grand presi
dent; barytone solo (selected), Oscar B.-.Frank;
cornet solo. Miss Olga Friedman; piano \ solo,
Miss F. H. Wertheirner; vocal solo. Miss Bertha
Riese; flute solo, Roy Bloch; songs, (a) -."At
Parting". (Rogers), (b) "My Dreams"' (Tosti),
Miss Ada M. Wolfe; zither duet. Mr. and Mrs.
John PloeKer: mbnologrue, I "Behind ' ¦ the | Cur
tain." Mr«. Frances H. Burnett, Miss- Cecilia
Celler; soprano 'solo, : "Im i.Herbst" (Franz),
Miss Ida M. Wolfe; mandolin and guitar duet,
Edwin Wasserman. L. Bowman; 1 duet, "Dirge"
(Edith Bracken),: Miss Wolfe and Miss Celler: '
Columbia Lodge of- the. v Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith , celebrated -' : the
thirty-third anniversary of its I institution
by giving a musical; entertainment! to its
members and friends In its . lodgeroom in
the B'nai B'rith :building. More than 300
persons were entertained with the follow
ing programme: - . ¦.'.¦'• ¦,. ¦": ,
B'nai B'rith Entertainment.
The quarterly meeting of the Police
Pension Commissioners was held yester
day afternoon. James Norton and Patrick
Walsh, two old members of the force,
were retired on a pension. Norton was
born in 1842 and joined the force on. May
11. 1&78. Walsh was born in 1840 and joined
the force on March 25, 1882. To-night
these two vacancies will be filled, besides
the vacancy caused by the death of
Thomas Furlong, and the three next eli
glbles on the list are Harry Walter Crow
ley. Norman Z. La Grange and Louis
John Becker.
'Retired on Pension.
At the Academy of Sciences last; night
Captain John P. Flnley, : 'United States
army, gave an Interesting lecture, entitled
"A Review of Some Industrial. Scientific
and Military Problems Incident to our.
Island Possessions of the Pacific." The
lecture was largely attended and well re
ceived. ' ;:
Lectures . on Philippines.
Judge Seawell gave a verdict in the suit
of Paul Vincent against Chief of Police
George W. Wittman in favor of the de
fendant yesterday. Vincent sued for an
injunction restraining Wittman from
blockading the court in the rear of 1129
Dupont street, which had been leased by
Vincent for unlawful purposes.- A similar
suit brought by Marie Paris, who keeps
a lodging-house on Bacon place, which is
also being blockaded by the orders of
Chief Wittman, is now pending before)
Judge Seawell. ¦ , '.. ¦
Wittman Is Sustaine'd.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1 fountain pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
The Best Fountain Pens.
..Mr.. Stubbs left President Harriman at
Monterey and came to this' city, to settle
up his private affairs, which he left un
finished when he hurried East to accept
his present position.
Telegraphic dispatches in the last few
weeks have stated that Traflic Director
Stubbs was failing in health, . but last
night he appeared to be', in the phrase of
the prizefighter, "in the pink of condi
tion." Mr. Stubbs refused to discus rail
rcad matters. " ¦ . :•
On being asked what * he . considered
would be the result of the present friction'
between the railroad companies and ' the
Interstate Commerce Commissioners, he
said he felt that the matter would be Set
tled amicably..- •¦ : •.-'. ' ¦-, • . •.•'.•¦'
President Harriman, who is at present
at Del Monte, will remain there for a-few
days and will < then, after , a» short stop
at San Jose,, arrive in this city.
, J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the Har
riman roads, is at the Palace. He arrived
late last' evening. He has been ¦ with
President E. H. Harriman of the.South
ern Pacific Company since he left New
York on his tour of inspection./ ¦'.- .'¦'".¦
riman Party at Del
Monte.
J. 0. Stubb3 Leaves Har-
The following were the pallbearers:
John F. Farley, Frank Thompson,' Charles
Sllter, John J. Shannon, Rome' Harris,
Benjamin Lilienthal and Henry Hobson.
The interment was at" Holy Cross,- the
body of the deceased being laid by the
side of that of his mother.
At the high altar a large number of
floral pieces were placed,, which -had been
pent by friends of the deceased. The ser
vice was Ehort but impressive.
St. Ignatius Church was crowded yes
terday morning at the services held over
the late John J. Shaughnessy, the com
mercial traveling man, who passed away
last Saturday.
Popular Commercial Traveler
John J. Shaugimessy.
Many Friends Pay Last Tribute to
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL
AT ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH
Albert J. Morrison, son of Charles Mor
rison, a well-known ' newspaper man of
this city, was married in Halifax, N. S.,
recently to Miss Wlllette Kershaw of St.
Louis, Mo. Both are members of the
Harkins Dramatic Company, one of the
best known companies on - the ' Eastern
circuit. The company was playing in the
Academy of Music in. Halifax at the time
the young people decided to . wed, and
when the young bridegroom appeared be
fore the footlights on the evening of the
marriage day he met with an enthusiastic
reception.
The young man made his debut at Mo
rosco's and three years ago went East,
securing an engagement as leading man
with Joe Murphy. Since then he has
played In the Thonnhauser stock company
in Milwaukee, and was with the Harkins
company as stage manager and leading
juvenile. He scored a great hit as Gavin
in "The Little Minister." He is now play-
Ing second "leads."
lette Kershaw of St. Louis
His Bride.
Albert J. Morrison Makes Miss Wil-
rORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
MARRIES IN NOVA SCOTIA
GREAT TRAFFIC
DIRECTOR HERE
THE California Real Estate Board
was organized' in this city yester
day. This is' an association of real
estate agents, who see an oppor
tunity to largely benefit California
counties north of Tahachapl by exploit- ;
ing their resources and paying especial
attention to the thousands of strangers
who are expected to visit this State in
the near future as homeseekers. C. ,M.
Wooster was elected the first chairman of
the executive committee. ' The presiding
officer, David Bush, is vice chairman, and
Harry B. Towne of Santa Cruz secretary.
The executive board is made up of mem
bers elected by district organizations, the
membership being as follows:
Sacramento Valley counties— C. F. Fos
ter of Corning, George' W. Harney ; of
Marysville and Robert 'H. Hawley of
Sacramento. San Joaquln* Valley coun
ties—M. D. Eaton of Stockton, F. M.
Chlttenden of Fresno and Mr. Wishon of
Visalia. Coast counties— O. L. Houts of
Santa Rosa, C. M. Wooster of Santa Clara
and R. P. Quinn of Watsbnville. At large
—David Bush of San Francisco and J. C.
Carly of Sacramento. ~ < -; .
Chairman Wooster' s Address. .
The delegates met at the rooms of . the
Chamber of Commerce. yesterday morn
ing and were called to order- by >.C..M.
I Wocster, who presided over the prelimin
> ary organization, David Bush acting as'
secretary- The purposes of the", gathering
were set forth in an address delivered by
Chairman Wooster, ¦ who said: that ; the
most fertile, the most enduring/ the most
favored climatically and geographic
ally and the most beautiful . por
tion of the Pacific slope . lies be«
The paintings are from the brush of a
young artist who gives promise of lead
ing the world in portraying historical
events. His brush has depicted events
that are familiar to the mind of every
American. The picture called "A Salute
to the Wounded" . will be viewed with
great interest by Californians. "Jim"
Smith, at the head of the California Vol
unteers, doffs his hat to the wounded and
is saluted in return by the chivalrous de
fenders of the fort .that has been cap
tured. The exhibition continues the bal
ance of the week.
Two remarkable pictures from the
brush of Santos Gonzales. the great Fili
pino artist, attracted quite a crowd
to the maple room of the Palace
Hotel yesterday and last , night. The
canvases were seen to great advan
tage by reason of the electric lights,
that cast their rays from all sides. These
valuable paintings are historical in their
character and highly artistic in their de
lineation. They were brought here from
Manila at grtat expense ana are valued at
over $100,000.
The frame that holds the' picture enti
tled -"The Surrender of Manila" is a re
markable one. It was imported from Italy
at a cost of $2000.
at the Palace Hotel Are Highly
Commended.
Magnificent Canvases on Exhibition
GONZ&JLES PAINTINGS
ATTRACT LOVERS OF ART
It is evident the orders are that none but
Case men are to remain on guard. So far as
this county is concerned, however, the scheme
of Gage and Krvane will not work Major
Cunningham is an old and respected cltlren of
ITkiah and his attempted removal has aroused
great indignation irrespective of party lines.
Mr. Cunningham is a Democrat, but during
his r!x year*" incumbency as secretary has
laken no part in political intrigue. He will re
flet removal through the courts, as he was
Cit.misFfi without cause. It is hinted that the
head of Medical Superintendent King is a!mo«t
r»ady to drop under the Gage guillotine, as fa
has l>cen so indiscreet as to speak favorably of
Flint,
Saturday's attempt to remo\ - e Secretary Dur
can failed for the time beins. 'It is quietly
•Rhirpered around that the rearon for t'h» fail
ure in this part of Gage's programme is to be
found in certain business relations which exist
fcttween Duncan and Manager Templeton The
orders of Kevane apainst Cunningham went
through, however, though only by a , vote of
three to two. It is understood that the ma
j-rity. who obeyed orders, were Fehnemann
Truman and Tompleton. while Hockheimer and
MartlncIH etood by their faithful and efficient
secretary.
Dunsan is a brother of Supervisor A M.
Duncan of this city, who Is connected with a
transfer company In San Francisco and ha* an
office there. The Duncans ar* understood to
fce for Flint for Governor. Some months ago
in order to placate A. M. Duncan, and if pos
sible secure his Influence In thiR county Gov
ernor Case caused John J. Duncan to be ap
pointed to his present position at the asylum
But apparently the plan dirt not work for
though Duncan accepted the appointment his
brother "Alex" was not to be boueht so
cheaply.
LKIAH, April 7.— At a meeting held here
Saturday afternoon the board of managers of
the Mendocino State Hospital dismissed their
eecretary. Major \V. XV. Cunningham, who
had h*ld the position acceptably for six years
and appointed In his stead George L.. Smith,
v.as ence a deputy clerk in Trinity Coun
ty, and who, it Is understood here, has lately
been employed on a street car line in San
Francisco. Insid* information Is to the effect
that Dan Kevane gave direct orders that Sec
retary Cunningham and also John J. Duncan,
the secretary to the medical superintendent,
trust be removed.
Mendocino Asylum.
The Kcvaning- of another State Institu
tion has begun. This time It is the,Men
docino Asylum for the Insane. A corre
spondent at Ukiah gives the following
history of the deal:
There are no Indications that Gage has
made any personal sacrifices for the ben
efit of the State. In fact, the Los Angeles
law office has fared pretty well at the
public trough. Since Gage was inaugu
rated he has drawn from the tM^sury
519.500 on salary account, to say nothing
of his account with the contingent or ss
cret service fund. Foley of the Los An
geles law office has drawn $13,000. and the
Hon. Daniel Kevane of the same office
- lias received $9750. The sum of $42,250 to
date on salary account Is not bad for the
law office. It is understood that Orator
George A. Knight has been engaged by
the Governor to depict the charms of the
low tax rate. The orator is amply quali
fied to define the relation between the
. taxpayer and the taxeater. True, the
common people must be treated to high
• flights of oratory, but the price is occa
- sionally higher than the flight. Since 1882
Orator Knight has drawn from the State
treasury a sum slightly in excess of $32,030.
As- Insurance Commissioner from 18S2 to
JSS6 he drew $12,000. As attorney for the
State Board of Health under Markham's
administration he drew down $12,S65 65. As
attorney for the same board under this
administration he has drawn to date $7750.
His son is on the Federal pay roll as Na
tional Bank Inspector.
The Los Angeles Law Office.
assessment roll expands. The assessable
¦wealth of San Francisco now exceeds
$490,000,000. This year Los Angeles County
will reach the JIOO.000,000 mark on the as
sessment roll. The State entered upon
the present era of industrial prosperity
shortly after the election of William Mc-
Kinley to the Presidency in 1896. Owing
to the great expansion of the assessment
roll, due to the increased wealth of the
State, the Gage administration has had
money to throw at the birds. The money
has been collected and paid into the treas
ury, as the figures of the Treasurer and
Controller will show.
Gage's Fight and the Kailroad.
The indiscreet supporters of the "Colo
nel" apply the vilest epithets to Gage's
chief Democratic adviser. Herrin is said
to be sick of the whole business. The
Insolence of Eddie Conroy was more
than he bargained for in the beginning
of his checkered political career. When
Harriman arrives a railway council may
be called to consider the advisability of
pulling all the departments of the com
j.any out of the present gubernatorial
contest. Deprived of the aid of the
Southern Pacific, Gage could not ¦ win a
friendly delegation in any county of the
State — not even in Santa Clara, where
the push is so strongly Intrenched. The
Governor; knowing the weakness of his
own position, refuses to .give the order
to banish Crimmins from the reserva
tion. Perhaps Burns will take another
dose of the bitter medicine and strive to
look cheerful in the presence of his fol
lowers.
The machine gang goes into rhapsodies
over the State tax levy, and gives to the
Governor all the credit for economical ad
ministration of State affairs. There has
been no reduction whatever in the ex
pense of governing California. The usual
allowances were made by the last Legis
lature for the maintenance of State insti
tutions and the various commissions. The
Legislature appropriated the customary
amount of money and the Governor gave
his approval to the legislation. The low
tax rate is due entirely to the increase of
taxable property. A tax of 40 cents on tile
$100 produces a vast sum of money when
it is applied to an assessment roll em
bracing $1,200,000,000 of real and personal
property. The tax rate diminishes as the
Democratic camp. Hearst begins to ap
prehend that the Democratic organiza
tion cannot be lined up to nominate a
nobody to oppose Gage in the event of
the iatter's nomination. The rumor that
the organization is sending out for prox
ies Is absurd, as delegates have not been
chosen. Moreover delegates elected
under the provisions of the primary elec
tion law cannot be represented by proxy.
Hearst is standing hi with Gage. The
dullest observer pan see that far. Lead
ing Democrats connected with the
local organization fancy that either
Washington Dodge. Barney Murphy
or Franklin 1C. I>ane can beat Gage.
Hearst suspects that they have
correctly sized up the situation, hence he
is ready to break In and smash the or
ganization's slate. There are rumors of
discontent and discord in the Republican
wing of Gage's forces. Herrin. one of
Gage's Democratic advisers, refuses to
respect the Burns decree that Crimmina
must be banished. Gage stands by Her
rin. much to the chagrin of Burns.
Stories come from the camp to the effect
that the "Colonel" is putting on his war
paint and sharpening his tomahawk. He
•will stand for tne retention of Dryden as
assistant chief wharfinger, rather than
break the p«ace of the council, but he
swears that he will not do politics with
any man, high or low, who recognizes
Crimmins.
The Hint in Hearst's morning paper
that A. G. Fisk Is aspiring to the Speak
ership is a blind. Fisk is Hearst's Re
publican candidate for Attorney General.
All signs point to a big rumpus in the
"In view of my official capacity it would
not be right for me to say anything. The
State Department can say whatever it
likes, but I must be excused under the
circumstances from saying anything on
the matter."
One feature of Mr. Reid's visit to Mill
brae has been the absolute lack of enter
tainment at the Mills mansion, since it
has been the desire of the distinguished
visitor to enjoy immunity from social
calls. He has rarely gone beyond the
grounds since his stay at Millbrae, and
with the exception of a two days' visit on
the part of John Sloane of New York
there have been no visitors to the house.
Whitelaw Reid, who is at present at the
D. O. Mills home at Millbrae, refuses to
either affirm or deny the report received
Sunday from Washington to the effect
that he and the members of his special
embassy would pay their own expenses
during their visit to England as the spe
cial representatives of the United States
Government at the coronation of King
Edward. In regard to the report Sir. Reid
said:
Bitter Factional Strife in the
Democratic Banks
Impending.
Neither Admits Nor ;. Denies
That Embassy Will Pay
Edward's Coronation
Is Reticent, i
Special Envoy to . King
Burns Is Nettled Over
the Recognition of
Crimmins.
WHITELAW REID
NON-COMMITTAL
CLOUD OF WAR
IN GAGE CAMP
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1902.
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE BOARD
IS FORMED TO ADVERTISE STATE
Haying for Its: Purpose Proper Presentation of Our Resources
to the Army of ;Homej-Seekers ¦ Upon Their Arrival on the Coast
Delegates From Many ; Counties Assemble and Perfect -Organization
These', utterances were the .keynote of
the day's proceedings. After many sub
jects had been discussed, a plan for per
manent organization was brought in by
George E.; Wllhoit of „-' Stockton ¦' in the
shape of 'resolutions -and -this plan ; waa
adopted." The essential features were the
selection, of the name-fthe California Real
Estate Board: , the; provision that the
board shall consist of eleven members, to
bo selected from -the -geographical subdi
visions of the State.. to be the executive
body; that there shall be three district
boards of seven members each to repre
sent: respectively, the 'Sacramento "Valley,
the San Joaquin Valley and the-Coadt
counties; that the directors of each.dis
trict shall be elected' by the members of
such district, and, that each district board
shall elect three members of the execu
tive committee, which shall also have two
members elected.' at large;: that the first
executive board shall .be elected by the
convention to serve ¦ for the first year;
that the executive board- shall effect per
manent organization; whose object* shall
be to co-operate with the railroads and
civic organizations in encouraging the de
velopment and progress of Northern and
Central California to systematize the in
terchange of business on legitimate lines;
to . facilitate the distribution of truthful
literature and . information as to the
proper, adaptation of different districts to
the various products; to discourage, the
disparagement of any part of California
and to promote candor and good fellow
ship among the real estate dealers. . •
,, The. work: of permanent organization
Permanent Organization.
tween Bakcrsfleld and the county of Santa
Barbara on the south, Tehama and Hum
boldt on the north, the western slope of
the Sierra Nevadas on the east and the
Pacific Ocean on the west.- Mr. Wooster
called attention to ¦; the new conditions
that attend this area, the Increase of.rail
load.facilities and the general awaken
ing of interest. In part, Mr. Wooster
said: . • • •¦• ' ,
Homemakers are coming to California In
great numbers. The railroads and civic or
ganizations brine them to -our State, but it
must necessarily • rest with the real estate
seller to find j each Individual home ¦ for each
homeseeker, and to -that end' It .. has been
deemed expedient to ask you gentlemen, repre
fenttnr. as 'you do -the cities and counties of
Northern 'and Central California, to assemble
for the purpose of effecting an organization of
practical, exDerienced real estate dealers -, for
the purpose of supplementing- lhe work of the
other organizations now springing Into activ
ity In the interest of this subject and to facili
tate the effectiveness of the work In the prac
tical vray, and further, to- create a better fel
lowship, to deprecate "knocking" in all Its
vicious forms, to stimulate ¦ enterprise and
progressives ss in each county, for in propor
tion to ¦ the amount of enterprise and progres
slveness-displayed In- each city or county in
that . proportion will they receive the benefit.
And further, to co-operate generally on legiti
mate business lines in.- the upbuilding and pro
gression of Northern'and Central California. ¦¦ '
14
Bckln« Van and Storage Co. will move
your goods in city or country. CSO Market'; •
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
A eprlng medicine for constipation, impure
blood, pimples, sallow complexion: 10c, 25c. •
m v^m If* you smoke little cigars, take one of gplf i
'Ipjp^ it on one plr I
I wi °^ :^V^^^^^^f!^^^^^!^^ -s*»e- ROYAL- W$ M
lli^ if I
H made — more tobacco, more smoke, more satisfaction i
1 They do; not cost an Y more than tl^e smaller I
¦ kinds and th than any I
I other little cigar that you can buy for the same 1
m price— — 1 5 cents ;jfor ten. ||
I Remember The^iMM©st cigar I