SWIMS A STREAM WITH WOUNDED COMRADE UNDER
A HEAVY FIRE IN THE ENGAGEMENT AT TIENTSIN
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. . Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
T\ RESIDENT McKINLEY, Minister Wu and Washington officials generally stand alone in their
|J belief that the cipher dispatch signed "Conger," which was received by Minister Wu yester
j[ day and conveyed by him to the State Department, can be relied upon as describing the
situation of foreigners in Peking on July 18. In official circles in London, Paris and other
European capitals complete skepticism prevails. No doubt is expressed that -the cipher^dis
patch is genuine, but the conclusion is drawn, chiefly from the intrinsic evidence in ther dis
patch itself, that it was written about the same date as the messages from Sir Robert Hart,
which left the Chinese capital at the end of June. . %
In the belief that the foreign envoys are' still alive, but in grave danger, the United
States Government is determined to do everything possible to hasten the advance of the inter
national force to relieve Peking. Suggestions to this end were invited by the various govern
ments.
Dispatches from St. Petersburg give details of fighting in the Amur district. A Chinese
force cf 70C0 men was taken by surprise and 2000 killed. The attack on Russians a few
days ago was, it appears, made by the Chinese commander on an order issued in the name
of the Emperor, which was forged by Prince Tuan.
Mr. Bryan has broken his silence on Chinese affairs. He holds the European powers
responsible for the feeling of hostility toward foreigners in China, an imputation which proba
bly will be resented.
Fresh details of the losses suffered by our troops and marines at Tientsin are given in
a dispatch from one of The Call's correspondents. Colonel Liscum died a soldier's death, his
last words being: "Keep up the firing."
THE CALL'S SUMMARY OF THE CHINESE NEWS.
IN EARLY MAY AT PEKING,
AN AFTERNOON TEA AT THE BRITISH LEGATION.
From the Sketch.
LONDON, July 20. — Dispatches from Yokohama announce that another division of Japanese troops is embarking for
China, accompanied by a siege train for the reduction of Peking. . « '
The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail asserts that Emperor Kwang Su telegraphed to the Mikado an expres
sion of regret for the murder of the Japanese Chancellor of Legation, Sugiyima Akira, and points out that the community of inter
ests between China and Japan in the East against the ambitions of the western powers should lead the Japanese Emperor to make
common cause with China, and to assist in the restoration of peace. The Mikado, according to this correspondent, replied that
the action of the insurgents was in complete violation of international law, and that the murder of Baron von Ketteler was a griev
ous offense. The Mikado added that the Chinese Government should suppress the disorders and rescue the Ministers, thus dis
arming the hostility of Europe. His Majesty's dispatch concluded thus:
"Japan is cordially friendly and is only sending troops to rescue foreigners in Peking and to restore order. She has no
ulterior objects hostile to China, and, if proper measures are taken, she is prepared to use her influence to conserve the interests of
the Celestial empire."
The Shanghai correspondent of the Times says he learns on good authority that Li Hung Chang has undertaken to pro
ceed north in order to negotiate on three conditions: First, that a conciliatory attitude be adopted forthwith. Second, that the
Boxers be energetically suppressed. Third, that he himself is not to be held responsible, even if he fails to obtain satisfactory
. "I*have been informed by a native official that the Viceroy of Nanking's Yamen believes that a majority of the foreigners in
Peking escaped destruction on July 9, and that although a portion of General Nieh's troops joined the Boxers at Tientsin, a large
number followed General Nieh to Peking, where they have been successful in assisting Prince Ching and Yung Lu to protect the
CHINESE EMPEROR APPEALS TO JAPAN TO AID IN
CHECKING THE AMBITIONS OF EUROPEAN NATIONS
Sir Halliday Macartney, counselor and English secretary to the Chinese legation in London, who was interviewed yester
day, admitted that the legation was in receipt of news which it was not able to disclose. He added:
"You may take it that on July 18, the date of the Conger message, all the legations and Europeans in Peking were safe.
I cannot say why the other Ministers are not able to communicate with their governments, but there is no reason why they should
not use the same channel as Mr.Conger has employed."
The Spectator says: "It matters nothing whether the Empress Dowager or Prince Tuan is the reigning monarch. Both
are devoted to the extirpation of foreigners, and not one of the Viceroys will dare oppose the anti-foreign policy. The plot has
covered the whole empire. The men who have dared to order a Russian city upon Russian ground to be stormed will dare any
thing. Within a month the Viceroys of the coast towns will have thrown off the mask, and the only safe place for the Europeans
will be on shipboard, Eurqpe has a terrible task, in which hurry is out of place. Who would have dreamed six months ago that
for ten;.tli6usand7regulars to take Tientsin wouldbe a difficult audgiorious task?"
The Daily Telegraph, in an editorial congratulating the Washing-ton Government upon its energy, says: "Unless the
powers are capable of responding immediately to Mr. Hay's appeal by ordering their united forces to face and risk all for an imme
diate advance, the days not only of old chivalry but of modern humanity are dead together."
AONDON, July 21,.^ a. m. — The Conger dispatch fails to carry conviction to either the British press or public. Its genuine
g'jlLg- ness is not disputed, for, as it is pointed out here, the Chinese must possess quite a sheaf of such messages, which the Minis
isters fruitlessly endeavored to get transmitted, from which they could easily select a non-committal dispatch to serve the
required purpose. It is supposed that Mr. Conger omitted to destroy the cipher code and that this is now in possession of the Chi
nese, in which event the concoction of the dispatch would not be difficult. It is argued that the dispatch, if it were a genuine reply
to the inquiry of the ¦American Government, would go more into details. A slight ray of hope is admitted in the fact that both
Mr. and Mrs. Conger are known to have been on very friendly terms with the Empress Doweger, but the universal opinion here is
that if the dispatch is genuine the date of its alleged filing is falsified.
The bare possibility that the news of the massacre was premature, however, has had its effect, and the Government has
issued a semi-official disclaimer of responsibility for the proposed memorial service in St. Paul's Cathedral, while the newspapers
are calling for the postponement of the service until all doubts are set at rest. ,
London Officials See in the Conger Message Only
Another Evidence of the Duplicity of the Chinese
Authorities and Resolve Not to Be Misled.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 20— A thrill of joy was felt in Washington to-day when the State Department made public a cipher message from Minister Conger announcing that foreigners in Pe
king were still alive but in danger of massacre by the Chinese mob. For a time the knowledge that the legationers were living was regarded as cause for heartfelt thanksgiving, though their peril was such that all might be lost
before aid could reach them. This rejoicing may prove to be premature. There is a growing suspicion that the message from Minister Conger was sent on the same date as that from the Japanese Minister— June 29— and that
it has been held up by the Chinese Director of Posts until the last possible moment. When the American '-Government insisted, through Chinese Minister Wu, that it be allowed to get a dispatch through to Peking, this mes
sage of Conger was released as the reply to the American cablegram. The fact that it bears no date tends to confirm this suspicion. It is altogether likely that the Conger message was v.*ent a week before the date of the
reported massacre in Peking, and that in the interim it has been in the possession of Chinese officials. If this view be correct, it indicates that Sheng, the Chinese Director of Telegraphs, is in league with the Boxers, and that all of
the so-called official messages reporting the safety of the legations have been falsehoods concocted to deceive the powers and delay the advance on Peking until the Chinese shall have mobilized their army and been prepared for attack.
SPECIAL DISPATCH TO . THE- CALL
"In British Legation, under continued shot and shell j
from Chinese troops. Only quick relief can prevent general J,
massacre/' — Minister Conger's Plea for Rescue. {
MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM CONGER
APPEALING FOR IMMEDIATE AID
Chinese Director of Telegraphs Mau Have
Withheld the Appeal Until Boxers
Could Mobilize Their Forces.
No Date on the Cablegram From
the Legations.
POSSIBLE TREACHERY ON THE
. PART OF SHENG,
Belief That It Was Sent at the Same
• Time as That From the Japanese
Minister and Withheld.
Short-Lived Joy at Washing
ton After Its Receipt.
MAY HAVE BEEN WRITTEN
THREE WEEKS AGO.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 51.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRAXCISCO, SATURDAY, JTJL.Y 21, 1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CHEFU, .'-July, 1 8, via '.Shanghai, July 20.— The Americans engaged in Tientsin on Friday and Saturday were the Ninth
Infantry and 430 marines. The army casualties were 18 killed, yy wounded and 2 missing. The marine casualties were 4 killed
and 23 wounded. Major Regan was wounded in the leg; Captain Bookmiller in the leg. Captain Conly in the arm and Lieutenant
Lang in the foot. Lieutenant Conrad carried Lieutenant Butler under a fierce flanking fire and was shot in the leg and arm. He
swam a ditch under fire, still carrying Butler. Lieutenant Conrad's arm has been amputated. Colonel Liscum was shot in the ab
domen and died in half an hour.- His last'words were, "Keep up the firing." % - . .'.
The Ninth Regiment arid other Americans, with the Japanese, advanced against a flanking fire, but were forced to- lie in
the mud all day, unable to help their wounded and compelled to drink canal water. They could not drive the foe or charge, or
do anything except fire a few rounds.
The American hospitals at Tientsin are crowded, and surgeons are. needed. . Colonel Liscum's body was escorted to its
burial place by two batteries of the Ninth. :^1~# .
.- The Japanese were the heroes of the battle, fighting with remarkable bravery. They charged through the breach and
fought the Chinese hand to hand! Their conduct after the battle was eqtrajlwgood. Fifty guns were captured by the allies.LOS ANGELES. July 20.-Rev. E. L.
Conger of Pasadena, a brother of Minister
- : ¦ •
BROTHER OF CONGER
BELIEVES HIM SAFE
WASHINGTON, Jult 2O.-The Chi
nese Minister. Wu Ting Fang,
was to-day the center of official
and personal congratulation over
the service he has performed for the
American Government and" the American
people In opening up communication be
tween United States Minister Conger and
Washington and in sweeping aside a mass
of horrible reports as to the wholesale
massacre of our officials and others. The
Chinese legation was In a state of Jubila
tion to-day. Minister Wu breakfasts
early in the day after the Chinese custom,
and this morning he breakfasted even
earlier than usual. Just before hn sat
down a telegraph messenger boy bicycled
up to the legation office and passed in a
dispatch. This is hot unusual, so the
message was taken in hand by a secre
tary, white the Minister proceeded with
his breakfast. The message proved to be
quite lonp. and a considerable part of it
was in an unintelligible cipher code. But
it was not until the eye fell on the name
"Conger" written in English that the full
purport of the message became ( evident.
Then there was a stir throughout the es
tablishment. The Minister was entirely
in the dark as to the meaning of the
strange groups of Arabic figures, but it
swept over him that this was a reply di
rect from Minister* Conger to Secretary
Hay's cipher cablegram of July 11.
Mr. Wu went upstairs to his private of
fice, where he was joined by his secre
tary. Mr. Chang. Word .was sent for the
Minister's automobile to take him to the
State Department. A few~ minutes later
he appeared with Mr. Chang oh the stone
balcony of the legation. In his hand he
carried a document, carefully wrapped up
in a piece of white linen. Hi3 face was
wreathed in smiles. He stepped into the
vehicle, and his American attendant turn
ed the lever and they sped down Connecti
cut avenue toward the State Department.
It was 9:45 o'clock when Mr. Wu handed
the document to Secretary Hay, and then
after brief congratulations over what
the message was believed to contain, he
retired in order that the translation of
the cipher might begin.
Minister Wu's personal feelings over
the receipt of the message are those of
intense relief following a long period of
extreme depression. He had little to say
over the message, as it speaks for Itself,
and his views could add nothing to it.
Above all he is rejoiced that the report
as to the massacre of Minister Conger
and all other foreigners is dissipated, and
this he regards as the supreme fact, not
withstanding the grave statement in the
message that the bombardment is going
on and that massacre Is Imminent. The
frankness with which this statement is
made is taken as evidence of the genuine
ness of the dispatch.
Moreover,' Minister "W'u is personally ac
quainted with the Taotai of Shanghai,
who forwarded J the State Department's
message for him, and got back the an
swer. The Minister regards him as one
of the most high-minded men In China.
Chinese Minister Believes the
Message From Confer Is
Authentic.
WU TING FANG
IS OPTIMISTIC
Indian troops are daily arriving at
Hongkong en route to Taku.
A Hongkong dispatch reports a daring
act of plracv within the harbor there. A
score of pirates armed with levolvers
seized a launch and took it up the Canton
River, capturing two junka en route.
After looting the craft the pirates aban
doned them. ''1
Just home from the awful
scenes in China. In next<Sun
day's Call a prominent gen
tleman who. came in on the
last steamer will give an ac
count of the horrible scenes
of which he was an "eye wit
ness. They are "beyond de
scription except from the pen
of one who has seen i and suf
fered. This is the first authen
tic pen picture from the Ori
ent. Read how he saved his
own life and the lives of oth
ers through, the superstitious
credulity of the Chinese and
his own presence of mind.
LONDON, July 20.— The rumor Is again
current in Shanghai that the Empress
and Emperor are preparing to retire from
the capital to. See Ngan Fu;
The authorities at St. Petersburg are
satisfied that the measures for the relief
of Harbin, which is identical with Char
bin, will be successful.. With a view to
showing his good faith, the Chinese Min
ister at St. Petersburg has begged the
Russian Foreign Secretary to examine
all dispatches arriving for the legation
before their delivery.
RUSSIA SATISFIED THAT
HARBIN WILL BE RELIEVED
"The Boxer menace is hourly approach
ing nearer. Shanghai City and the for
eign settlements are full of suspicious
characters, and in the native quarters a
constantly increasing number of armed
Chinese are arriving from the north*
"The troops In the Woosung forts are
belnjr reinforced daily and a number of
new guns have been placed in position.
"The foreign Consuls to-day presented
a united protest against these offensive
preparations. Viceroy Li Kuan Yih re
plied that he had ordered the work of
strengthening the forts to cease Immedi
ately, but the local yamen still persists
in the operations and refuses to heed the
viceroy's protests. These forts command
Shanghai, and the guns mounted are ca
pable of blowing the foreign settlements
to pieces in twelve hours."
LONDON, July 20. -The Daily Mail cor
respondent at Shanghai telegraphs under
date of July 19:
[5p»cin! Cable to th« New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900, by the New York Herald Com
pany. R^publication of this dispatch is pro
hibited.- All rights r**erved In the United
States and Grfat Britain.]
DANGER AT SHANGHAI
HOURLY GROWS WORSE
"Itjls directly in line with what I have
felt and thouRht all along." he said. "I
have never given up the hope that the le
gationrrs and foreigners in Peking were
still alive"; but I felt. and. of course, feel
more than ever now. that they are in dire
distress, and that help must come to them
soon or they will perish miserably.
"Tho United States is proceeding along
thp safest and bsst linos, no doubt, and I
can only trust, for the sake of my beloved
brother and the others who are there,
that thore will be. not n moment's delay,
ns long as thrre is hope of reaching Pe
kins: before a massacre takes place."-
Rev. Mr. Conger also received a tple-
Rrnm from the. State Department this
morning transmitting to him the message
from his brother.
m
Conger, was shown this morning a copy
«f the dispatch received by the State De
partment.
CHINESE WAR GOD.
BOXERS SUPPLICATING AID AGAINST THE "FOREIGN DEVILS."
From the Illustrated London News.
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Orders were
Issued to-day assigning Brigadier General
Charles F. Humphrey, now chief quarter
master at Havana, as chief quartermaster
on ttm staff of General Chaffee, In charge
of the Qhinese expedition. General Hum
phrey was chif f quartermaster of General
Shafter during the Santiago campaign.
Placed on Chaffee's Staff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 20.— The Journal has
this from London: Active diplomatic ne
gotiations are passing between the pow
ers regarding a coalition against China.
England and the United States Foreign
Offices are arranging a close accord on
the question of partition. These two gov
vernments probably will declare openly
against It In a few days. Numerous dis
patches are passing between Hay and
Salisbury with the idea of these two coun
tries forming identical policies.
Now that the United States Is leaguing
Administration Will Bend Its Efforts Toward
Hurrying a Relief Force to
China's Capital.
with England. Russia may be forced, in
the interest of humanity, to waive her ob
jection to Japanese authority and save
the Ministers, women and children ami
their brave defenders from the fury of
Chinese mobs.
ANGLO-SAXON ALLIANCE
RUMOR RESURRECTED
ST. PETERSBURG. July 20.— The No
voe Vremya asserts that alarming news
has been received from Kulja, in Turkes
tan, where Boxer emissaries are reported
to be trying to foment a rising among
the inhabitants^^
BOXER EMISSARIES
BUSY IN TURKESTAN
The leading papers still urge the dis
patch of more troops to China, but there
is a growing sentiment against Japan's
engaging 1n extended operations. The de
cision of the Government on this matter
is not known, but another division from
Sendal is on Its way to embark at UJina.
Many refugees from China are arriving
in Japan. •
YOKOHAMA (Thursday), July 19.— The
United States battleship Oregon has ar
rived at Kure, where she will undergo
temporary repairs.
There is stitl much uncertainty as to
what Is happening along the Russian
frontier of China, and as to its possible
effect upon the operations for the relief
of Peking. It would obviously be embar
rassing to the other powers to continue
to co-operate with Russia in the Peking
expedition if that power should declare
war on China, but the disposition of the
Washington Government is **not to let
anything stand in the way of the rescue
of "Americans in Peking, and if Russia
should decla* war the other powers
might continue the advance on the Chi
nese capital and then withdraw and con
fine their operations to the protection of
citizens in treaty ports.
Embassador Tower, who arrived here
to-day from St. Petersburg, is not dis
posed to credit the report that Russia has
declared war, or will do so. He thinks it
is probable that the Russian Government
ha«! declared a state of siege in the region
along the frontier where troubles have
occurred, which is equivalent to a declar
ation of martial law for the purpose of
restoring order.
Little attention has been given here to
day to the proposition for an interna
tional congress to settle the future of
China. The immediate necessity for relief
of Peking is so pressing that the authori
ties believe the question of final settle
ment of the Chinese problem can rest for
the present. In the meantime the Instruc
tions for Mr. Rockhill, who is to go to
China as special commissioner, will be
prepared and will be given to him as
soon as he returns from New Eneland.
BATTLESHIP OREGON IS
UNDERGOING REPAIRS
The authorities hope that this Is true,
but whether It is or not they are deter
mined that this Government shall do all
in its power to hasten the advance of the
international forces and learn the exact
truth as to the situation in Peking. They
will be glad to have the assistance of the
Chinese authorities and they will assume
that the Chinese Government Is acting In
good faith and Is endeavoring to fulfill its
treaty obligations and protect the Minis
ters and other foreigners until the con
trary has been demonstrated to be the
case.
mow reassuring. His dispatch from the
Governor of Shantung says that "Proper
Chines^ authorities are devising measures
for the rescue and protection of Minis
ters."
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON, July 20.— There will be no
change in the policy of the United
States as a result of the credited
information that Minister Conger and
other foreigners in Peking are still alive.
The .cry Is "On to Peking." While Minis
ter Conger's dispatch brought the news,
according to the interpretation here, that
the Ministers were still alive on July 13,
it also brought an appeal for quick relief
as the only alternative to a general mas
sacre. From Consul Fowler the news was
"ON TO PEKING" THE
CRY IN WASHINGTON
ROME. July M— The Italian Consul at
Hongkong telegraphs under date of Tues
day. July 17. that LI Hues Chaojr informed
NOTIFIED TO OBEY ORDERS
FROM CANTON, NOT PEKING
LONDON, July 20.— In the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question
relative to the exportation of arms to
China, Minister A. J. Balfour. First Lord
of the Treasury and Government leader in
the House, said it was impossible, in the
present state of the law, t« prohibit such
exportation, but as the was ex
tremely pressing a bill -would- to-day be
introduced to give the Government the
DCCfftl'lT power. Such a bill was subse
quently Introduced in the House of L,ords.
BILL TO PREVENT THE
EXPORTATION OF ARMS
at reviir.K ana are ieanui that they have
come to grief. They are surrounded by
jivi.iviO native troops and Boxers.
"There is some disturbance in the coun
try adjacent to, Amoy, and one church
eighty miles in the Interior was sacked
last week.
"I have ordered the missionaries to re
turn to Amoy immediately and hope thus,
by taking early action, to eave the lives
of all in the vicinity. I have requested a
man of war to come at once and expect
it within three days.
"The foreign community have organized
a gun club and will amuse themselves and
quiet their nerves by frequently meeting
and having target practice.
"The Chinese officials here are on the
BMWt intimate terras with me and I can
rely on them to assist. In fact, I got the
tip from a military officer who has long
l>«-en a warm f ri« nd of mine that there
were secret Boxer clans forming In the
interior and that it was best to recall the
missionaries at once before the outbreak
In the north."
Mr. Johnson has made several tripg to
the Philippines fince he went to China.
nn<i he writes much in praise of the won
derful resources of the islands.
"It certainly would be madness for the
provcrnment to relinquish the islands," he
says.
LONDON. July 21— The Dally Mail
publishes the following dispatches
from it? correspondents:
-ST. PETERSBURG. July 2«.—
The bombardment nf Blagovestch
en?k continues from Streetensk. Sufficient
tmops are being hurried up to Blagov
t stchensk to open the River Amur for the
passage of vessels."
"SHANGHAI. Thursday.— Chinese of
ficial advices state that a large body of
Manrhu? ha? been sent to Mukden for
the purpose of intercepting and giving
battle to the Russians who are advancing
on Peking from Vladivostok."
The Daily Telegraph publishes the fol
lowing from its correspondent:
"ST. PETERSBURG, July 20.— The Chi
nese who attacked Blagovestchensk con
centrated on the right bank of Amur
River. They have been severely routed
at the village of Sakhalin, which was
burned by shells from the Russian guns.
The Chinese town of Aigun has been part
ly destroyed. The Russians have occu
pied all the important defensive positions
on the right bank cf the river, driving the
Chinese out of them. It appears that the
Chinese were quite taken by surprise.
They considered themselves . masters of
ESagoirestchensk and never expectt»d an
attack from the Russians in both rear
and front, but the Czars troops carried
out their operations with great brilliancy.
Killing 8000 Chinese and capturing seven
teen guns. At the same time their own
losses were inconsiderable.
"It was on the morning of July 16 that
General Gribetsky, having received rein
forcements, opened a fierce cannon and
rifle f;re. Toward evening Russian shells
pet fire to Chinese [Sakhalin. After a pro
longed conflict the enemy's artillery fire
Wgan to Flaeken and they commenced to
retire. The duel of guns went on more or
les? until 7 o'clock in the evening. More
Chine?p troops having now arrived, Gen
eral Gribetsky saw the necessity of oc
cupying Aigun, and he concentrated a por
tion of his force for that purpose.
"There were about T^K) Chinese th^re
with some artillery. The Russian troops
advanced from the direction of the town
of Nismennaja and commenced the at
tack. The Chinese offered stout resist
ance and massed forces at various points.
but to-day the news has been received
that the Russians have occupied Aigun,
where a. few days ago the Chinese com
mander, acting on a forged order in the
name of the "Emperor, Issued by Prince
Tuen, declared war against Russia."
CONSUL AT AMOY
TELLS OF TROUBLE THERE
DENVER. Colo- July 20.— F. W. How
bert, collector of internal revenue, i« In re
ceipt of a Jitter from A. B. Johnson, ron
fuI to Atjiny, China, and formerly a prom
inent citizen of Grand Junction. Colorado.
The letter is dated June 2*>. Mr. Johnson
writes:
"There is war in China and disturb
ances in the interior where there is no
war. We cannot hear from our legations
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
him that he was going to Peking to ne
gotiate with The powers in compliance
with a dispatch «igne<t by the Emperor
and the Emprc-f? Dowager. The Consul
a^kod him to forward a dispatch to the
Italian Minister, but Li Hung Chang re
plied that he had no means of doing so.
Li Hung Chang, the Consul reports, no
tified the directors of departments that
thfry must obey orders from Canton, not
from Peking. The Viceroy of Nanking has
given similar instructions for Shanghai.
LEGATIONS HAD LONG
EXPECTED AN ATTACK
Pjwial Cah'e to The Call and Neve York Her
ald. Copyright, 1?O), by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS. July 20.— The Figaro to-morrow
will publish a letter from the interpreter
rf the French Legation at Peking, giving
events to June 10, of which the following
is* an epitome :
May 2S — Have just learned that the Boxers
turned a French village and destroyed the
railways. \\> we all preparing for defense.
May U— All Minister; gave orders to the ad
mirals and Consuls at Tientsin to organize the
forc»? of landing troops.
.May SO— The English Emhassador spoke
harr'.ily to the Chinese Government and in
duced it to oon.-=ent that marines be brought
to Peking for the protection of the legations.
May 31— The Ministers no longer recognise the
Chinese Government as existing:. Have broken
the wall of communication with the hotel next
door and will laok neither food nor ammuni
tion. Believe June 4 or 5 the date fixed for a
mas«acre.
June '—Many sleepless to-nipht awaiting the
Boxers. Will try and keep up spirits by comical
allusions to the Boxers. At S 'of lock great ex
iitem*-nt was caused by the news that the Chi
nese Government can promise no security be
rau«» of the fprcat number of regulars with the
1!oxt soldiers.
June 10— Prince Tuan. chief of the rebels, ele
vated by the Empress to succeed Prince Chinsr.
The latrer was friendly to foreigners. I must
Keep watch again to-night.
?--¦L
ALLEGED TELEGRAM
FROM THE EMPEROR
PARIS. July 2«.— The Chinese Minister
at Paris has transmitted to M. Delcasse,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, for communi
cation to President Loubet, a telegram
from the Emperor of China, which was
dispatched Ijy the Governor of Shantung
Thursday. July 19, asking the mediation
of France with the foreign powers. The
telegram makes no allusion to the foreign
legations at PeVSngr.
M. Delcasse informed the Minister that
President Loubet's reply would be ad
drep«cfi to the French legation at Peking,
but tirst the Government of France will
wait until it is certain that the French
Minister at Peking is safe am] sound
Thr ForHgn Office has received informa
tion from a Chines? source, in which, how.
ever, certain reliance mav be placed that
the foreign Ministers at "Peking have not
been massacred. According to this infor
mation, on July 7 the Ministers were at
tacked and the legations burned, but the
foreigners succeeded in crossing the city
to Prince Chings palace, which was then
barricaded and the Europeans were hold
ing their own up to the time the news
!'ft. July 9. Sine then nothing has been
heard from Peking.
JAPAN CONSENTS TO OUR
TROOPS LANDING THERE
WASHINGTON. July 2O.-As was antici
pated, the Japanese Government has
given its cheerful assent to the application
of the United States Government for per
mission to land armed troops and military
supplies at Nagasaki in transit to Taku,
China.
-This privilege was desired In order that
the Pacific transports plying between San
Francisco and Manila should not be di
verted from their regular routes, but that
the troops and stock carried by them
and intended for service in China might
be transferred at Nagasaki to other ves
sels of the transport service and taken
direct to Taku. The Japanese authori
ties not only have agreed to the proposed
use of Nagasaki, but they also have as
sured the United States Government that
they will facilitate the movement of
American troops and supplies as much as
possible. —
The Quartermaster's Department of the
army has provided three large transports
of the Philippine service for use on the
line between Nagasaki and Taku, and it
is expected in this way to expedite the
movement of troops to China.
SOLDIERS LANDED FOR
PROTECTION OF CANTON
LONDON. July 20.— A special dispatch
from Hongkong says French gunboats
have landed 300 soldiers to protect Sham
len, a suburb of Canton.
Ordered to This City.
CHICAGO, July 20.-Inepector General
Huggins and Paymaster Hugh R. Belknap
of the Department of the Lakes have re
ceived orders to proceed Immediately to
San Francisco for service in the Orient.
! own of Aigun Surprised and Captured and
Two Thousand of Its Defenders
Meet Death.
CRUSHING DEFEAT OF
CHINESE BY RUSSIANS
LONDON* July 20.— During the course of
an interview > Sir Charles Dilke, the form
er v; Liberal v Cablner Minister and the
statesman who is universally regarded as
being t^o principal authority in England
on foreign affairs, said that he regarded
the latest news 'from China as extremely
grave.. ->¦¦: ¦ . ¦¦
."Up to the invasion of Russian territory
by the Chinese troops, there was nothing
to lead us.to^mippose that there was a
directing and controlling government at
Peking. : •¦¦ .
"The invasion of the Russian Amur
province is a visible sign that there is a
responsible government still in power
"If China were as we have believed
until now, in the throes of civil war
neither of the contending parties would
have time or opportunity to carry its
hostile operations into a foreign country
"The Chinese attack upon Russia has
all the appearance of being an act of the
imperial Government at Peking and the
only interpretation to be placed upon this
move is that the responsible Chinese Gov.
ernment at Peking has proclaimed war
upon Russia and upon the powers
"In this connection I must confess that
I am much impressed by the fact that LI
Hung Chang should have felt it incum
bent upon him to comply with the sum
mons to proceed to Peking 1 , which • has
reached him from the imperial Govern
ment there. It is extremely significant
and constitutes another proof that there
*s a responsible imperial Government In
control at Peking" . v P^ *
DILKIE REGARDS NEWS
EXTREMELY ; GRAVE
Brigadier General Heywood. command
ant of the Marine Corps, and Colonel
Denny had a conference with Secretary
Long this afternoon, at which it was de
termined to give Colonel Meade 4000 men.
In order to do this the corps, which is
now about 850 short of its authorized
strength, will be recruited up to the limit
of 6000 men, and all shore stations, except
those in the Philippine Islands, will be
stripped of every man who can be spared.
The marine guards on ships in commis
sion will also be reduced as much as pos
sible. Not taking Into account the marine
guard which went to Peking, and which
may have been wiped out of existence,
there are now in China or on the way 750
marines. Major Dickine will sail from
San Francisco, July 28, with 600 more. An
other battalion of the same size will be
ready In about two weeks and others will
be sent until the total force is brought up
to 4000. ¦ . -e,
» ¦
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 20. -There
\s to be no failure on the part of the navy
in putting #very available man into China
with the least possible delay. Action was
taken to-day by Secretary Long which
will result In putting an entire brigade
of 4000 marines in the field for the march
on Peking. Heretofore it had been in
tended to bring the force of marines under
Colonel Meade up to about 2500 men.
Special Dispatch to The Cn.ll
BIG FORCE OF MARINES
TO MARCH ON PEKING
"Every one deplores the destruction of
life in China, and is horrified at the bar
barities practiced. * 'Every one knows that
it Is the duty of our Government to pro
tect the lives and property of American
citizens residing in China, and I have no
doubt that the administration will do so.
I also take it for granted -that all Amer
ican citizens will withdraw from Chini
temporarily or take refuge in some sea
port, where they can be protected by
American ships until the excitement is
over. If the Chinese Government has
tried in good faith to protect our citizens
suitable punishment tor the guilty and
reparation and indemnity for those who
have suffered can doubtless be secured.
If. upon investigation, it is found that the
Chinese Government has not acted m
good faith Congress has power to deal
with the matter. For several years Eu
ropean nations have been threatening to
dismember China and it is not strant;o
that their ambitious designs should arouso
a feeling of hostility toward foreigners.
That feeling, however, ought not to be
directed against American citizens, and
will not If ou"r nation makes it known that
it has no desire to grab land or to trespass
upon the rights of China. A firm adher
ence to the American policy of justice and
fair dealing will not only set an exampis
to other nations, but will give our citizens
residing in China the best promise of se
curity. It will be better for our mer
chants to have it known that they seek
trade only when trad* is mutually ad
vantageous, and it will be better for our
missionaries to have it known that thsy
are preaching the gospel of love and are
not the forerunners of fleets and armies."
LINCOLN, Neb., July 20.— Mr. Bryan
to-day gave out the following interview
in regard to the situation In China:
BRYAN GIVES HIS VIEWS
ON THE CHINESE TROUBLE
"I have just received definite informa
tion that the various Ministers in Peking
are well and that the proper Chinese offi
cials are devising measures for their
rescue and protection."
The message was signed by Tuan, the
Governor of Shantung.
The State Department also has received
a dispatch from Consul Fowler, dated
night, July 20, in which he communicates
the following message telegraphed to him,
that date, from the Governor of Shantung:
"Received flying express from the Tsung
li Yamen, forwarding cipher telegram,
dated July 18, from American Minister,
Peking, which I have transmitted, and by
which you will see that the newspaper ac
counts are entirely rumors."
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The Secre
tary of State to-day received a
message from Consul Fowler, at
Chefu. dated on the afternoon of
the 20th, saying he had received the fol
lowing telegram from the Governor of
Shantung, dated 10 o'clock:
Claims to Have Definite In
formation of the Safety
of Legations.
CHEERING WORD
FROM FOWLER
CHINESE WAR METHODS.
A Manchu general on .the march
against the enemy.
From the Illustrated London News.
WASHINGTON. July 20. — Secretary Long has sent the fol
lowing cablegram to Admiral R*mey:
'•Conger telegraphs that he is under fire in British legation
in Peking. Use and urge every means possible for immediate re
lief."
WASHINGTON. July 2".— The fol
lowing statement ha? been
jrivon out at the State Depart
ment:
On the 30th of this month the
S*ate Department communicated a bri«n
nessage asking tidings from Minister
"ongor in the State Department ciphor.
Minister Wu undertook to pet this intc.
Minister Conger's hands if ha were aliv*.
He has succeeded in doing this. Th!>
nordng the State Department received a.
I lesnm from Consul General Goodnow
;t Shanghai, saying:
"The Governor of Shantung informs
Tie that lie has received to-day a cipher
nes&agre from Corner of the ISth."
A few minutes later Minister Wu ap
«ared at the State Department with a
leicfrrarr. from Taotai Sheng, dated the
"ih of July, which had been received by
kttnister Wu at BtW o'clock this morning,
eading as follows:
••v<-iii»- tei..fn-im nic f nr T*-5» r d ed anil, as
requested. I send reply from the Tsung li
Yamen a? fo!Icw«: «•
" 'Yoiir teloRram of the 15th day of this
moon Cllth of .^ly) received. The State
Department te: * ram has been handed to
Minister Conger. Herewith is Mr. Con
ger's reply to the State Deportment.' "
Mr. Conger's cablegram Is as follows:
"'In British Iteration. Under continued
shot and shrll from .Chinese troops.
Quirk relief only can prevent general
massacre."
The message is not dated, but it is un
derstood w*s sent from Peking the ISth.
This reply was in the State Depart
ment cipher, and It is regarded by the
State Department as genuine. Inasmuch
as forgeries seem, under the circum
stances, to be impossible.
Secretary Hay ha? transmitted Minister
Conger's telegram to all our Kmbassadors
abroad and has instructed them to urge
the respective governments to which they
are accredited to co-operate in the imme.
diate relief of Peking:.
Secretary of tfie Navy Long
Orders Admiral Remey to
Use Every Meams Possi
ble to Relieve Legations.
STATE DEPARTMENT IS DISPOSED TO ACCEPT
Notice Sent to General Mac-
Arthr at Manila That He
Will Be Called Upon for
More Troops for China.
The War Department had figured upon
hearing from General Chaffee at Naga
saki to-day, but this evening had received
no message from him. The run tq_ Taku
from Nagasaki occupies three days, and
without accident he should reach the
mouth of the Feiho on Monday or Tues
day. He left San Francisco on the trans
port Grant on July 3 with 1119 officers and
men of the Sixth Cavalry. The Fourteenth
Infantry, including twenty-one officers
and 847 men, with a detachment of the
Ninth Infantry and one officer and thirty
one men, one ordnance sergeant, one chap
lain and sixteen hospital corps men, left
Manila oh July 15 on the transport Indi
ana. The transport Flintshire left on the
same date with seven officers and 271 men
of Reilly's battery of the Fifth Artillery,
two surgeons and five hospital corps men.
The distance from Manila to Taku should
be easily covyed in a week. Thus on
Monday 2300 men should be added
to the force already in the' field, which
consists of the Ninth Infantry, of 1310 of
ficers and men, and the marine detach
ment of 500 members.
The Sixth Cavalry, with General Chaf
fee, the Fourteenth Infantry and Reilly's
battery of the Fifth Artillery, should be
at Taku by Monday.
CA.LL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON, July 20.— It was said at the
War Department to-day on good
authority that plans were being con
sidered for the sending of additional
troops from the Philippines to China, and
that a message forewarning General Mac-
Arthur of a possible second call upon him
for reinforcements had been forwarded to
day. Secretary Root refused to confirm
this statement.
As closely as can be estimated by the
authorities here, there are now at Taku
and Tientsin In the allied army 20,000 to
25,003 soldiers. Of this number Japan has
the largest portion— 22,000 men. Mr.
Nabeshima. the charge d'affaires of the
Japanese Embassy, said this afternoon
that while this number was probably on
Chinese soil, he could not be positive,
since his last Information from home wa-*
that this number would be sent at once.
No additional naval vessels will be sent
to the Chinese coast. Secretary Long con
siders those already there with the co
operation of the ships of the other nations?
arc sufficient to keep the seaports from
turbulence and that under the conditions
more vessels would be useless.
For some reason no additional flag of
ficer will be appointed to the Asiatic sta
tion. Rear Admirals Remey and Kempff
having the entire confidence of the depart
ment.
While the administration will, to a cer
tain extent rely upon the Tsung-U
Yamen to keep foreigners In safety and
restore order, nothing -will be overlooked
that in any way can hasten the departure
of the Peking relief column from Tien
tsin. From statements made this even
ing by Secretary Root it is Inferred that
although much ha3 been left to General
Chaffee's good judgment, he has been in
structed to advance toward the Chinese
capital immediately.
A very encouraging feature la the con
sent of the Japanese government to the
use of Nagasaki as a base of supplies an-1
for the landing of troops. To facilitate
the transfer of soldier3 and stores thence
to Taku the quartermaster general has
assigned three large transports to duty
between those ports ajid Japan promise3
every form of assistance.
THE SAJS T FRANCISCO CAIiL., SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
2
WfllTE ASH STEAM COAL. x^^S
DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO.. at Its GrTfn
market. OtSce and Yards — liO Main street.
The excursion to Ukiah and. return on
Sunday. July 22. will allow aver four hours
in Ukiah in which to lunciiCfflsit the fish
hatchery of the Callfornli..?giHhwestorn
Railway. Vichy Springs*: Utsium and.
Rancheria, Fare only J2.*v-.')^, ¦•**?,
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
Telejrraphlc p ARTR1DG£ *X CaUfo^a
PRINTKOS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦ 23 First st.. San Francisco.
PB1NTI < 1.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlnina
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front? SF
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A El,
LIS. 413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719 •
METAL.
Extra linotype and .stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Francisco!
LITHOGRAPHIC
Cnlon Lithograph Co.. J25 Sansome st. Artistic
Lithosrraphers and Printers. Government LI-
censea for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps »
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Cheia. Co., 11© Howard.
GALVAMZIN3 AND JWETALS.
Mfit. & Dealer in Metals & Galvanizlnar JOHN
FIXN METAL WORKS, m Howard it
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIS RflYFS k CO Shl PP' n * Butchers. li»\
J A J- DU I LJ tt t>U» clay. Tel. Main 12M.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East St.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CHiTR ShJ P Plumbin*. Steamboat and
V- TT- 3.111 1U» Ship Work a specialty, is and
1$ Washington st. Telephone Main 5041.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer, 503 Cal., Clunie Bg.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hallai
on Application.
If you are easily tired, apt to get ner-
vous, can't sleep well and appetite fails,
your blood is not what it ought to be. Rich
blood is shown by stror.g nerves, healthy
complexion, good appetite, strength and
vigor. Hood'3 Sarsaparilla makes the
blood rich and thus it cures all troubles
that are due to poor, thin blood, like anae-
mia, nervousness, that tired feeling;.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine to enrich
and vitalize the blood. Sold by all drug-
gists.
Perfectly Healthy Peoole Have It.
Rich Biooii
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ 1ROX
J C W1I SOV !i CO 9W) Street.
J - *.• TT IL, JUil a WU- . Telephone Main 1364.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Men,
73 J ffcrket St., San Francisco.BLACK FLAGS ACTIVE AROUND CANTON
AFTER LI HUNG CHANG'S DEPARTURE
LONDON, July 20.— To add to the gloom occasioned by the extremely serious impor
tant, news showing the daily developing strength of the anti-foreign movement in the south of
China, comes this morning from Shanghai a report that sixty missionaries and a hundred native
converts have been murdered atTai Yuan, a fortified and populous city in the province of Shen
si, on the Fuen Ho, an affluent of the Hoang Ho, twenty-five miles southwest of Peking.
The report is not yet corroborated, but itjends to confirm -the belief that the hope that the
central and southern Viceroys would hold aloof from the Boxer movement was unfounded. -'U
REPORTED MASSACRE OF MISSIONARIES
AND CONVERTS IN SHENSI PROVINCE
The Art Magazine Section
of tho Sunday Call leads all
others. Get the special Chi
nese edition which will appear
next Sunday and it will bring
you more up to date on this
world's crisis than all the
other publications in the
United States combined.
LONDON, July 21.— The Daily Express
has received the following' from Tientsin
darp.l July IS:
•'The casualties in the three days' fight
ing before the native city of Tientsin ex
ceeded 1000. It Is now certain that thero
wore several Russians and Frenchmen
fiffhtlng on the Chinese side. The Chinese
killed their own women wholesale to pre
vent them falling into the hands of the
Russians.
"Yesterday the whole native city was
Jn flames, and the stench of the burning
thousands of corpses was unspeakably
horrible. *
"Among the incidents of the fighting on
July 13 was the precipitate flight of 500
French troops from Annam. They had
been ordered to hold an important front
but on being charged by the Chinese with
bayonets the entire detachment bolted
panic-stricken.
"The Russians killed all the Chinese
wounded in revenge of the Peking mas
sacre." 1
EUROPEANS FOUGHT
WITH THE CHINESE
1SSS—THE COUP D'ETAT.
SEPTEMBER 22— Young Emperor Kwang
su resigns all power Into the hands of the
Empress Dowager. All reform edicts re
voked.
1899 — REVIVAL OF ANTI-FOREIGN
FAXATICISM.
I-Ho-Chonan (Boxer Society) grows and be
comes bolder.
Territorial disagreements with Germany
and France.
LI Hung Chang appointed Viceroy of two
southern provinces.
Rev. Mr. Brooks murdered at Plng-yln,
Shantung.
19C0-CRISIS APPROACHES.
JANUARY 24— Dowager Empress deposes
Kwang-su and names To-Pu-Chun, son of
Prince Tuan, as heir. heVself continuing
as Regent.
FEBRUARY 7— Edict reinstating old system
of examinations. Troubles in Shantung
Increase.
MARCH {^Empress receives wives of for
eign Ministers with great ceremony.
Boxer outrages Increase.
APRIL 7— Ministers jointly demand suppres
sion of Boxers. Evasive replies..
MAY— Boxers advance toward Peking. For
eigners and native converts murdered.
Ministers again demand effective measures
for their suppression. Dowager Empress
proscribes large number of reformers and
orders that they be put to death.
Minister Conzer asks for support and pro
tection.
United States cruiser Newark sent- to Taku.
Foreigners attacked and murdered at Pao-
Tung, Tung-Chow and ether places. Spread
of rlotlnz all over Pechlli.
MAY 2S — Boxers break out In Peking. Dip
lomatic corps hold a session and demand
action on part of Chinese Government.
Much promised. Nothing done.
In sham of a battle Boxers defeat Impe
rial troops. Many of the latter join them.
MAY 2*— Minister Conger telephones Admi
ral Kempff at Taku for additional protec
tion.
Captain McCalla, with eight officers and
one hundred men, lands at Taku; refused
passage on railroad; go by river to Tient
sin; first Caucasians to arrive.
MAY 30— British and other troops arrive.
MAY 31— Captain McCalla. with fifty Amer
icans and three hundred of other nation
alities, goes by rail to Peking; reach lega
tions at 0:45 p. m.
JUNE 1— Captain McCalla returns to Taku.
JULY I — All women and children ordered
from. Tientsin to Taku and Chefu.
JULY 4— Shanghai advices verify story of
massacre of Ministers at Peking.
JULY 5 — United States agrees to co-operate
with other powers to restore order. Five
thousand native Christians massacred In
Pekinc
JULY 7 — COCO more American troops ordered
to China.
Heavy attacks on Tientsin by Boxers and
Chinese resular troops.
JULY S— Japanese and Russians have heavy
fight with Chinese at Tientsin.
JULY 9 — Prince Ching said to head counter
revolution against Prince Tuan and defend
foreigners. Xinth United States Infantry
arrives at Tnku.
Brooklyn arrives at Taku with marines.
German squadron sails from Kiel for
China.
JULY 10— Chinese recapture arsenal at
Tientsin. Xewchwang sacked and burned.
JULY 11 — Three days' battle at Tientsin;
10,000 allies attacked by 50.000 Chinese hav
ing best modern guns.
Director of Telegraphs *Sheng at Shanghai
says legations were safe July 2.
JUI»Y 12— Allies badly beaten at Tientsin;
situation desperate.
Courier from Sir Robert Hart bringa mes
sage datpd June 26: "We are close to the
end. Good-by."
(This is the last authentic message from
any European In Peking.)
JULY 13— Chinese Ministers at "Washington
and Paris undertake to send cipher mess
ages to Ministers at Peking through
Sheng at Shanghai.
Fierce fighting at Tientsin. Colonel Lls
cum, Ninth Infantry, and Captain Davts.
Marine Corps, killed.
Details of murder oi M. de Giers and wife
received.
JULY 14 — Alllas breach walls, storm and
capture native city. Tientsin.
Anarchy spreading all over Northern China,
JULY 15— Large force of Japanese sail for
Taku. Marshal Nodzu In command.
JULY 16 — Empress and Prince Tuan show
their hands In new edicts ordering expul
sion of foreigners from all China.
JULY IS— Report of Chinese Invasion of
Amur provinces regarded by Russia as a
declaration of war.
JULY 20— Chinese Minister receives an un
dated cipher message from Mr. Conger,
which purports to have left Peking July
18 and to be In answer to the message sent
on 13th inst.
JUNE 2 — Revs. Messrs. Norman and Rob
inson murdered at Yung-Chlng.
JUNE 3— Boxer outrages increase trouble
in Tientsin.
JUXE 5— Captain McCalla lands with fifty
more marines.
Rallrocd to Peking destroyed.
Twenty-nine foreign warships at Taku.
JL'N'E 6-7— Other forces land and go to
Tientsin.
JUN'E 8 — Imperial troops defeat "Boxers
near Peking.
Victorious .generals censured. Prince Tuan
recognized as the head of the Boxer or
ganization.
JUNE 9— Boxers practically supported by
Government edict.
Monocacy and Yorktown meet at Taku.
Jl'XE 10 — Anarchy spreading in Peking.
American missionaries all gather in
Methodist mission compound. Send wail
of woe to the civilized world.
400 foreign troops in Peking.
Admiral Seymour starts with International
force of 1040 men on three trains, repair-
Ing road as they go.
JUXE 12 — Peking racetrack and clubs
burned. Foreigners attacked in streets.
All foreigners gather In legations.
JUNE 15— Empress Dowager forbids foreign
troops to enter Peking. Japanese Lega
tion burned and Minister killed.
JUNE 16— Admiral Seymour's force fight
Boxers near Long-Fong.
Baron von Ketteler reported as murdered.
Boxers burn foreign buildings In Tientsin.
JUNE 17 — Taku forts fire on allies and are
bombarded and captured.
Oregon ordered to Taku. Wild riots in
Peking. Legations besieged.
JUNE 19 — Indian troops ordered to China. LI
Hung Chans: ordered to Pekins.
JUXE 21— American Consulate at Tientsin
turned.
JUNE 22 — Kempff asks for more troops and
ships.
JUXE 24— Admiral Remey ordernd from Ma
nila to China.
JUNE 26—3000 Japanese land at Taku.
JUNE 27 — Seymour's expedition returns to
Tientsin after terrible experience of six
teen days' fighting— loss near 400.
JUXE 2S — Chinese soldiers captured by Sey
mour say that the legations were destroyed
and Ministers all killed.
Princ,e Tuan in full command.
JULY 2— Message from Bergen, German La
gation, countersigned by Sir Robert Hart,
"Situation desperate. Hasten."
CHRONOLOGICAL SUMMARY OF EVENTS
LEADING TO THE PRESENT CRISIS IN CHINA
Then Secretary Hay betook himself to
the War Department to convey the news
in person to Secretary Root and to Sec
retary Long, who were together at the
time.
After a short consultation in Secretary
Root's office Secretary Long, upon emerg
ing into the corridor, was showered with
congratulations by a large throng of de
partment employes and newspaper men
who had congregated there. As the one
member of the Cabinet who has con
sistently maintained during the dark
days in which others had given up all
hope the safety of the I or* igners in
Peking, the news that our Minister wa3
alive a few days ago was much in the
nature of a personal triumph for him.
His face beamed with pleasure and he ex
pressed his gratification and rejoicing at
the confirmation of his theory.
Optimism of Long.
"We are all very happy over the good
tidings," said he. "I have hardly had time
to think of the exact effect of the news
upon the situation, but It removes one of
the great elements of doubt and leaves
WASHINGTON*. July 20.— After hope
had almost been abandoned of
hearing from the legations In Pe
king, two cablegrams, bearing
tidings of the unfortunates beset in the j
British legation, were received this morn
ing. First came a short, sharp word from .
Consul General Goodnow, at Shanghai, an I
officer of the State Department who will j
not be soon forgotten because of the im- j
mense energy and zeal he has exhibited
in securing information to meet the de
mand of the department in the* exciting
days of the past six weeks. He gave
notice that Minister Conger had at last
been heard from directly and that his
words were on the \tay to the State De
partment.
Scarcely had the cheering news reached
Secretary Hay before Minister ffu came
tearing down the asphalt streets from his
legation in his automobile bearing in his
hands the precious message from Mr. Con
ger. The Minister was perspiring and
almost speechless with pleasurable ex
citement and even the swift new elevator
in the State Department scarcely could
meet his demand for haste in reaching
Secretary Hay.
The Secretary already had prepared
himself for the Minister's appearance, but.
nevertheless, not knowing the nature of
Mr. Conger's communication, he sat in
suppressed anxiety to receive the message.
Mr. \Vu himself was Ignorant of what he
had in his hand, because the message was
in the State Department cipher, an ap
parently meaningless mass of figures and
periods.
Translation of Cipher.
Secretary Hay at once called for Assis
tant Secretary Adee. and the two dis
tinguished officials themselves set to work
translating the cipher into Engiish. This
occupied nearly half an hour. The first
movement of Secretary Hay upon de
ciphering was to make a copy and dis
patch this by messenger In haste to the
White House, with a request to the tele
graphers there to forward It at the earliest
moment to President McKlnley for his
information.
Then Secretary Hay, remembering the
intense public anxiety to have tidings of
the Americans in Peking, caused his pri
vate secretary to prepare copies of the
message he had received, thoughtfully ac
companying them with an explanatory
statement, and these copies were given to
the* newspaper men, who by this time,
scenting the fact that news of the great
est importance had come, began crowding
the broad corridor before the Secretary's
office.
U3 free to hope for the rescue of the for
signers in Peking. It is a great vtctory
*jr the State Department of the United
State? - Every country In Christendom
was em?Ioying «. ve ry agency in it3 pos
se sion j, to obtain authentic news of the
besieged Ministers, and the United States
is the first to give to the world authentic
*nd absolutely reliable word, direct from
.^'J 1 "^ J "* beleaffU " ed Mln "
isters are garrisoned.
MINISTER WU THE BEARER OP
CONGER'S APPEALING MESSAGE
The British and French Commissioners demanded that the crime be
purged by some signal punishment; but the Chinese authorities stuck to
their policy of prevarication, evasion and delay, until the patience of the
Europeans was exhausted and the order was given to burn the splendid
summer palace of the Emperors.
This was done, and brought the Chinese to quick terms. Lord Loch suffered
for a long time from the effects of his torture— which is more fully described
in a narrative which he wrote of the expedition.
The experience of Lord Loch at tho hands of the Chinese authorities at
the time of the advance of- the British and French on Peking affords a very
useful example at the present time of the treachery, duplicity and cruelty
to which the celestials are naturally given, and how little faith Is to be put
on their most solemn oaths and promises.
On the approach of the allied armies, September 21, 1S60. "to Tungchow.
twelve miles east of Peking. Mr. (now Lord) Loch, Sir Harry Parkes. with
several other English and French gentlemen and officers, and an escort of
troopers, were seized and made prisoners by Chinese when under a flag of
truce, and dragged before Sankolinsln. their general commanding. They
were forced to press their heads to the ground at his feet, and undergo other
Insults and personal mistreatment in his presence, and were then cruelly
bound and hurried on! to Peking, where they were subjected to such loath
some indignities and cruel personal torture that words fall to properly'de
scribe. Their hands were bound behind their backs as tightly as four men
could draw the cords, and then these were kept wet with water to increase
the strain. In this fix they were thrust Into cages and carried through the
streets, day after day. amid the jeers of the rabble, who were allowed to
throw mud and filth on them at will. At night they were thrust into filthy
dungeons, and food of the most loathsome kind forced into their mouths.
A number of the party died fn a few days from the torture, their handa rot
ting off under the cords while still bound behind them. Lieutenant Ander
son became delirious and died after nine days, Mr. d<» Norman some days
later. Of the fate of the others, including Captain Brabazon and a French
officer, no accurate information was ever obtained. Of the whole party of
twenty-four. Sir Harry Parkes, Mr. Loch, one Sikh trooper, one French officer
and four soldiers were returned. October "8. after the Emperor had fled to
Jehol and the allies had captured the summer palace and were threatening
to raze Peking Itself to the ground, unless the prisoners were restored. All
the time the Chinese officials protested that no harm had befallen any of
them and that they were all well.
THE LATE LORD LOCH, ONCE A
VICTIM OF CHINESE TREACHERY
The fact that the cablegram from Min
ister Conger was given scant credence in
London official circles had no dampening
effect on the optimism of the State De
partment officials. It was pointed out by
one of the officials s interested that the
weight of International evidence in the
dispatch was in favor of its genuineness.
Besides there were the several strongly
corroborative dispatches from Conaul
Goodnow and Consul Fowler. The fact
that Minister Conger mentioned the bom
bardment of the British legation was con
sidered good- evidence that the dispatch
was written subsequent to the 6th, as
the best information here is that the bom
bardment of the legations did not begin
prior to that date. It was said at the
State Department that it was not thought
expedient to give out either the text or
a paraphrase of the message sent by the
State Department July 11 to Minister Con
ger.
'Throughout the day the Conger message
remained the absorbing topic of discus
sion. Secretary Hay was congratulated
on the success of the steps he had adopted
to open up communication between Peking
and Washington, for, while the chancel
lories of the world stood hesitating and
inactive, he had adopted a course which
had brought a message from our Minis
ter. The Chinese Minister, Mr. Wu.
shared also in the universal approbation
of what had been done. He seconded Mr.
Hay's effort from the outset, and It is
due to the official machinery set In mo
tion by him that the communications were
gotten thiough. It is appreciated by the
officials, both American and Chinese, that
there will be suspicion in some quarters.
Against this it is declared that a message
authenticated by the American code and
backed by the integrity of the officials
through whom it has passed must be ac
cepted as authentic until something better
than mere suspicion Is brought forth.
Later in the day several messages were
received from United States Consul Fow
ler at Chefu, all strongly confirmatory of
tho news that the foreigners were alive.
Unaffected by London's Pessimism.
It is assumed to Indicate that Tuan Shih
Kai has thrown the weight of his Influ
ence on the side of the government. Yuan
is considered one of the ablest, if not the
ablest, general in China. He has,
according to a statement made by
Lord Charles Beresford to a promi
nent State Department official when
he was here last fall, the best
drilled and equipped army in China
under his command. Some doubt was en
tertained as to which side he would ally
himself with in the present insurrection,
and the fact that he appears to be on tho
side of the government is accepted as evi
dence that his best Judgment is that
Prince Tuan's rebellion is destined to fall.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Like a
flash of sunlight out of the dark
sky came the intelligence at an
early hour to-day that United
States Minister Conger had sent
a cipher cablegram from Peking to the
State Department at Washington making
known that two days ago he was alive
and that the foreigners were fighting for
their safety. The Chinese Minister, Wu
Ting Fang, received the message. Within
an -hour the welcome intelligence that Mr.
Conger had been heard from, after weeks
of silence and evil report, was flashed
through the country, and indeed, through
out the world, dispelling the gloom which
had prevailed everywhere and bringing to
officials and to the public generally a
sense of profound relief. The dispatch is
supposed to be in reply to Secretary Hay'-J
cable of inquiry to Minister • Conger -on
July 11, and as both messages were in the
American cipher code they were regarded
by the officials as above the suspicion of
having been tampered with In the course
of transmission through Chinese channels.
Mr. Wu promptly communicated the dis
patch to the State Department, where the
translation was made from the cipher
figures and soon all Washington was aatlr
with the intelligence.
Telegraphed to the President.
It was telegraphed by Secretary Hay to
the President, who responded with a
wholesome expression of gratification and
word of it was sent to the various Cabinet
officers. They gathered in Secretary Hay's
office and an impromptu Cabinet con
ference was held in the diplomatic cham
ber, mainly for the purpose of exchang
ing congratulations and of taking a sur
vey of the situation to see if it had been
materially changed by this important de
velopment. First of all, from the stand
point of the administration officials, the
most welcome feature of the message was
its assurances .that the American .Min
ister himself was alive two days ago. But
with this cheering news came the ominous
statement of Minister Conger that the
besieged foreigners were in the British
legation under continuous shot and shell
from Chinese troops, and that only quick
relief could avert a general massacre.
After the first flush of thankfulness this
graver feature of the message began to
Impress itself upon the Cabinet officials
most deeply. As one of them remarked:
"There are the poor creatures, penned
up under fire of shot and shell, and ap
pealing to us for help."
The consultation brought about no pro
nounced change of policy, for it was felt
that already every energy had been bent
toward meeting the situation and that
there was absolutely nothing more that
could be done. After all, the Cabinet of-
In this connection the message from
Consul Fowler that General Yuan Shih
Kai, Governor of Shantung province, re
ported that the Chinese authorities were
doing all in their power to cut down the
insurrection is exceedingly welcome Intel
ligence. It not only confirms the theory
of the State Department that the position
of the Chinese Government is correct, but
Fowler's Confirmatory IMspa'tches.
Secretary Hay says he attached no sig
nificance to the use of the words "Chinese
troops" in the message. They did not.
In his opinion, mean that the Chinese
Government troops were besieging the
foreigners. He seemed to entertain little
doubt that the Chinese Government itself
was doing all in its power to suppress the
Boxer insurrection.
"Of course," said Secretary Hay, smil
ing, "I am not omniscient and may be
fooled, but I cannot see how the authen
ticity of Minister Conger's cable can be
questioned."
Secretary Root sent a similar notifica
tion to Colonel Coolidge, the senior officer
ashore at Tientsin. This action was the
result of the conference of Secretaries
Hay, Long and Root. It was realized
that the land and naval forces of the
United States now in China could not
single handed push on to Peking, and the
other powers accordingly were appealed
to, on the basis of Minister Conger's
message, to co-operate for relief. Secre
tary Hay explained his reasons for plac
ing reliance in the authenticity of Min
ister Conger's dispatch, saying that It
-¦was a complete reply in code to the code
message sent to him and that its au
thenticity was vouched for by the Tsung
Li Yamen. •
This message. Secretary Long explained,
meant for Admiral Remey to himself
"use" and "urge" upon the commanding
officers of the other powers the use of
every endeavor for the j relief of Peking.
The Government accepted the message
as authentic, and Secretary Hay trans
mitted it to all our Embassadors and Min
isters abroad, with instructions to lay it
before the respective governments to
which they are accredited and to urge
upon them the necessity of co-operation
for the immediate relief of the foreigners
at Peking. A message also was sent by
Secretary Long to Admiral Remey con
veying the intelligence of the desperate
situation in Peking and instructing him
to use and urge every possible endeavor
for relief.
Europe Urged to Act.
flcials felt, and so stated, the message
was an evidence of friendliness 1 and good 1
faith of the pro-foreign element of the
Chinese, and wisdom dictated a course
which would continue to utilize this
friendship.
Rejoicing Washington Over the Peking
Cablegram Dammed by the Fear That
the Legations Might Not Be Able to
Hold Out U ntil the Relief Force
Reaches Them.
NO matter how painfully death may
have come to Mary Condit Smith,
the pretty Washington girl who. it
is now almost certain, was mur
dered by Boxers, it was sweet to
the living death she was suffering, says
the New York World. The Chinese may
have visited .ireadful tortures upon her,
yet death to her in any form was a relief,
for Mary Condit Smith was a martyr to
Washington scandalmongers and was lit
<ra!iy driven to her death by malicious
frnssip.
y...ry Condit Smith died in trying to live
down and forget that she had been ac
cused ot theft. No more Innocent, no
purer pirl ever lived than she, yet she was
rot proof against scandal and gossip, and.
horror-stricken, ashamed, cowed, she
sought to forget by traveling from one
*nd of the earth to the other.
It wes in Pittsburg that the seed of
scur.dal that led to Miss Condit Smith's
murder was planted. In Washington she
was known as "Polly" Smith. There she
was loved. Women cared for her because
ehe was sincere and sensible; men were
fond of her because she was pretty and
always agreeable. She was a laughing,
light-hearted girl, welcomed everywhere.
From every fide came Invitations for
"Polly" Smith. She was sought at the
"White House, at official entertainments, at
private houses. In fact, it may be said
that no girl in Washington society had
more invitations or was more popular than
Miss "Polly."
That Fated House Party.
When the invitation came for her to at
tend a house party given by her wealthy
friends the Mocrheads at 92S Ridge ave
nue. Allegheny City, last fall she accepted.
"Washington was gay enough at the time,
but particular friends of hers were giving
the house party, and she hated to disap
point them.
It was a gay house party they had in
Pittsburg. ';Po!ly" Smith was the gayest
cf all, and when the time came for every
body to go home she was the best liked of
*»;; the guests. .No one denied that she
had been the life of the party, and that
¦without her things would have fallen flat.
It was after the house party had broken
up that the scandal took root. The hostess
had missed jewelry to the value of more
than JL\»OO. Her guests were all persons of
the highest standing ar.d of unimpeach
able character. She called in detectives
ar.d told them their names.
She at that time suspected no one of
havir.g taken her jewels who was num
bered among her guests. But the police
are not rerpecters of family pride and
family names, so the detectives began to
pearch for the jewels among the guests at
the house party.
The Superintendent of Pittsburg De
tective?. John Glenn, undertook the case,
as the stolen jewels had been a wedding
present to his bride from Mr. Moortw-ad.
and aside from their intrinsic vaiue, \1~*«),
¦were more precious to Mrs. Moorhead
than any money. The eight servants in
the- farr.ilv were, after most careful inves
tigation, relieved of suspicion. Many
other dete-ctlves -were employed, and it
was through a New York jeweler to whom
pome unset fliamonds were sent for reset
ting, that the Jim clew to the lost perns
was r**cciv<?d. Whoever stole the Moor
head diamonds ha/1 pried the Jewels out
of their setting and then endeavored to
have them set in now fashion so that they
could never be recognized. Money, then,
uaj not the motive of the robbery.
Tbia ravi' to the Washington detectives
ths first dew to the Moorheads' guests.
Mr. r.r.d Mr*. MoDrhe.id could not be made
to believe in the guilt of any of them, but
a Washington dett-etive. following descrip
tions and circ-jmsia:itial evidence, finally
convinced the- Moor heads that the thief
actually was Mirs Condit Smith, the ac
complishpd and lovely girl whose talent
.inci popularity made her welcome every
where and who had repeatedly enjoyed the
honor of re-ceivins f!«3p by Fide with Mrs.
M'KinNn- m the White House. Of course,
the Lioorhcads refused to make the Wash
ington detective's story public. but.
«.-<}u«lly. of course, it leaked out In that
exclusive Bet in which the young girl
rnow-d.
The Ptory we-r.t frem i *nouth to mouth,
from house to house. Pretty "Polly"
Smith was suspecte-d. In fact it is said
trat Bonn malicious perron even went so
far as to .iccuse t*e girl.
Crushed by the Scandal.
Thrn th»»r«? came a charge over '"Polly"
Smith. She was no longer the Ifght
1: carted girl. She had hoard the
scandal. 8he wss helpless. She •was in
nocent, but :he blow aimed" at her had
crushed ber. Invitations came in fewer
numbers and those that did come were
not accepted. The girl got paler and
paler. She wa» seldom seen outside her
own home. Her cheeks became sunken;
her so bright ar.d laughing for
merly, were re«d from constant weopinjr:
s'ie never smilenl ar.d her sensitive nature
mado her imagine that the whole worid
suspected Iv?r of a crime of which she
was innocent.
Miss Smith's brother-in-law is Gover
nor General Wood of Cuba. It waa
thcusiu that a change of scene and
Lefi the National Capital for Peking, There
to Forget the Cruel Charge of
Malicious Scandalmongers.
' climate ¦would help the g\r\ forget the
cruel gossip that had so sorely wounde.l
her. So Miss Smith was sent to Cuba
to be with her sister, Mrs. Wood. Cuban
climate and tho change of scenes did not
have tho beneficial effect expected.
The pirl tried bravely to overcome the
constant fear that she was everywhere
pointed at as a thief. She tried to meet
people as she had done before, but it was
no use. She became so weakened in health
an<l spirits that the every effort was bc
yond her rtrength.
So she settled down to a life of misery,
literally eating her own heart. It was
seen by the Woods that the girl would
eventually die unless some plan could be
devised to take her mind from the great
wrong that had been done her.
Nearly a year passed before the mys
tery was partially cleared up by finding:
the settings of the diamonds In a Penn
sylvania avenue shop In Washington,
where they had been taken undoubtedly
by the real thief. Xo one knows to this
day exactly how. when or by whom the
jewels were purloined. The discovery of
them came too late. An Irreparable in
jury had been done to the young girl,
without the slightest fa-ult of her host,
hostess or the detectives.
So Wa5hington accepted the finding of
the Jewels In a disinterested sort of way.
Washington had almost forgotten the ac
cusation made against "Poliy" Smith by
this time in the freshness of other gossip
•on which Washington feeds, but "Polly"
Smith had not forgotten.
Could Not Forget.
She came home from Cuba immedlately
after the jewels had been found, and no
doubt could have taken her own place
In society had she been able to forget,
but she was not of the forgetting kind.
She continued unhappy,- never speaking
unless she was spoken to, growing thin
ner and less like her former self every
day. Society had all but killed her by its
love of gossip.
It was when her family had almost de
spaired of ever making her well and hap
py again that the trip to China was pro
posed. The Congers were close to the
Condit Smiths. They loved the "Polly"
Smith they had known of old. The girl
left for China with the expressed purpose
cf staying there always. In China she
could at least be among people who would
not gossip. What if they were heathens?
What if they did kill her, as they perhaos
have done? They would at least maice
her misery shortlived.
So '•Polly" Smith went to China. She
was a pitiful looking little thing when
she left Washington, the only home ehe
had ever known, where she had done so
much to make happy the lives of others.
It is paid that it was Miss Smith's pur
pose to eventually be a missionary in
China. She could never return to Wash
ington. It was urged upon her that Wash
ington had already forgotten the accusa
tion made against her and was only too
ready to right the wrong. The wrong,
however, was too great to her thinking
to ever be righted and she chose to go
from her home forever.
How "Polly" Smith met death has not
been made known' as yet, but, no mat
tor how she died, death was sweet to
her. There may be those In Washington
to-day who suffer a pang for the girl
whom they sent to her death. Xone can
deny that the calumny they helped to
give breath and life to made her a martyr.
THE MESSAGE FROM CONGER IN GOOD FAITH
: ¦ • . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, . 1900.
HONGKONG, July 20. — A message from Canton received here to-5ay reports that all
the Tartar traops have moved into the Bogue and other outer forts, and that some of the Black
Flags have moved into the Tartar general compound. Three thousand other Black' Flags, with
their chiefs, are in an intrenched camp, with artillery; while ten thousand others have moved else
where. Canton itself is quiet.
MAB.Y CONDIT SMITH.
FALSE ACCUSATION BLASTED
LIFE OF MARY CONDIT SMITH
3
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Cfe 123 SJA2IZ? 3ft **- &&*». SJT.CO.
HT^ The Larcnt *¦*»»«-*»" <-*f Museum in the
Wortd. Vve**ne?Ae* c* *rty contracted
"Sojy S3) d:«a« p»-«i«i»rl jr cured ny !he olas&f
/J5lyJ ipecJiiUtcnti*. Coau. Eu.j5ysirv
flS^yA 08. JQaDAJJ-fPJViTe CiScASHS
i#<CVf53 . C«*wlttt»on fiw a:xi strictty pirrate
A tSw[a T r« rmrnt penonaiiy ct by letter. A
9 (f til M PaB.tn» (Vimonj ea»e tmdertake3.
r 1 7 II «* Wr " e for Book. raiLosorav »» .
• [I \y* HAnHMGE. hioio rasa, j.v
¦ Pi iV ' " valuable book for mrn)
O« 1URDA5 ct CO.. 10S1 Market St.& V. ''
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt of
stainps to pay expense of mailing onfy.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for pacer-bound
book or 31 stamps for cloth binding to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"I had falling of internal organs and had to
go to bed every month; had inegular monthly
periods which would sometimes last tea or
twelve days." writes Mrs. Alice L. Holmes, of
Coolspring Street, Uaiontown. Pa. "Had in-
diijrstion so bad that I conld not eat anything
hardly. Dr. Pierce's FaTorite Prescription and
'Golden Medical Discovery • cured me."
A Woman's Face
Tells its own story. A laugh is often a
lie on a woman's lips. It belies the pain
which is tearing at the nerves. But the
eyes have no part in the laugh. Their
purple rings speak of suffering. There
are lines too about the mouth which only
pain can give. Mnny women look for-
ward to a week of such misery each
month. Three months of each year are
S'ven up to suffering. It weakens them,
ages them. It robs them of social
pleasures and family joys. Can there be
any excuse for such women who fail to
try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription?
It* has cured thousands of such sufferers.
Cured them perfectly and permanently.
It cores ninety-eight out of every hun-
dred who give it a fair and faithful trial.
IPs sure to kelp. It's almost sure to cure.
ADVERTISEMENTS.HANDBALL ENTRIES.
The following entries have been an
nounced by Professor "Jack" Rlordan for
Sunday at Phil Ryan's court, 858 Howard
street: N. Polidori and J. Fttzpatrick vs
H. Racouillat and H. Stein, M. Dillon and
G. Hutchinson vs. P. Hutchinson and P.
Kelly. W. H. Sieberst and P. Ryan vs. G.
B. Hayward and W. Fisher; E Barrv and
J. Klrby vs. M. Kirby and D. Rega'n. E.
McDonough and E. Lynch vs. L. Water
man and J. R. Bockman. G. Smith and J.
Condon vs. A. McVJcker and T. Leach R.
Murphy and E. Curley vs. W. Magulre and
R. Hausman, J. Rlordan and W. Williams
vs. J. Harlow and J. Lawless. A. Hamp
ton and M. J. Kilgallon vs. J. White and
J, Collins.
NOTES FROM THE RING.
There are two fights in prospect, one, by
the National Club and the other by the
Columbia. The National Club managers
are satisfied that there will be ; no hitch
in the arrangements between themselves
and Moffatt and Tommy Ryan. This fight
is fixed for September 7. The second fistic
possibility on the far-away advance card
Is a match between Tim Murphy and Jim
Tremble, McGrath's new protege.
On Friday evening, July 27. the San
Francisco Athletic Club will hold Its regu
lar monthly boxing exhibition. The fol
lowing four-round contests are on -the pro
gramme: Jack Archie vs. Ed Thomas, 117
pounds: Kid Lean vs. Fred Landers. 118
pounds: E. J. McQuade vs. Steve Nlck
lett. 135 pounds; A. Amlot vs. J. Daly, 135
pounds; William Pengelly vs. Bob Guerin
;38 pounds; Mike Curtin v». -Charles
Smith. 143 pounds: H. Silver v«. Kid Jef
fries; 145 pounds: W. Moreno yi. Joe Urc
156 pounds. Alex Greggains will referee
all the bouU.
HOMING PIGEON RECORDS.
The Pacific Coast record for young
birds on long distance flights was broken
on last Sunday by five birds of H. C.
Worth's loft. These birds were all hatched
between January 25 and February 20, and
were the winners in the Redding race on
July S. flying at the rate of 103G yards per
minute, arriving 55 minutes ahead of the
second prize winners.
After a rest of four days these young
birds were Jumped 100 miles, being shipped
to Siskiyou for the purpose of testing
their speed and endurance. '.
The birds were ail liberated at 5 a. m.
by. the Wells-Fargo agent and the Pacific
Coast Homing Society. Official timers
were on hand to register the arrivals. The
birds all arrived together at 1:30 p. m..
having flown at the rate of 1015 yards per
minute, the distance being 294 miles and
567 yards cm an air line. Since 150 milea
is considered the society's limit for, first
season young birds, this record for f\\ e
months old birds will undoubtedly stand
for a long time.
DOWN WITH THE WICKET.
To-morrow on the "Webster street
grounds at Alameda the Alameda team
will meet the California eleven. On Sun
day, the 29th inst.. the Pacific team will
pay a visit to Ssnta Cruz to play against
the Country Club Cricket Club of that sea
side town.
It Is now certain that a team of San
Francisco cricketers, made up from the
three local clubs, will visit Lake County
during the Admission day holidays. The
secretaries of the Burns Valley and Lake
port cricket clubs have accepted the date
mentioned, and the former club has re
quested permission to include in its team
Hammond. Edmands and Keeling, who
are also representatives of Lakcport. The
permission will doubtless be granted by
the association.
In, the second match Mark Gerstle
turned the tables on Dr. D. Arnold, beat
ing him 1 up. The three matches between
the two teams must be completed by
August 13, when the scores of the team's
will be added together. % . .
To-day a match will begin between tw r o
teams of ladles of the San Rafael Golf
Club, to be played on conditions similar
to the men's match. Mrs. Frank S. John
son will captain one team and Mrs. R. O.
Brown the other. Mrs. Johnson's team
includes Miss Alice Colden Hoffman. Miss
Edith McBean, Mrs. I. J. Weil, Miss Cos
grave and Mrs. Buckbee. Mrs, Brown's
team ' includes Mrs. P. H. Green, Mrs.
Goorge Heazelton, ' Mrs. Mark Gerstle
Miss Dillon and Mrs. C. Christensen.
The Santa Barbara County Club will
hold a handicap golf tournament on Its
links on the 26th, 27th and 2Sth inst. Th*
course has recently been improved, havin«»
been relaid and some of the holes length
ened. There will be match and' medal
play events for men and women, men's
foursomes, women's foursomes, and mixed
foursomes. Entries close on the 24th and
should be made with the steward of the
club. .
•Did not play
Last Saturday a match was begun on
the San Rafael links between two teams
of men, one team being in charge of C. K.
Pomeroy, and the other of George Heazel
ton. The teams are numbered in the order
of their strength.Xumber 1 of one team
playing against Number 1 of the other:
Number 2 against Number 2, and so on.
The teams will play three matches of
eighteen holes each, couples meeting for
play as may be convenient. The games
in the first match resulted as follows:
C. P. Pomeroy, 3 up, ve. William O'Connor,' 0
•C. P. Eells. — . vs.- 'George Heazelton, —
Mark Gerstle, .0, vs. Dr. D. Arnold, 13.
I. J. Well. 0, vs. Maurice Dore, 5.
Major C. Christensen, 3, v». A. A. Curtis 0
E. M. Greenway, 0. vs. C. Belden, 10. "
K. Oilman Brown, 0. vs. E. J. McCutchen 2
•S. H. Baldwin, — , vi. *W. Thomas, _.
AROUND THE LINKS.
The continuous tournament inaugurated
recently at the California Club has been
productive of several .good matches.
The first match was between P. Bailey
and Percy Kahn, and resulted In a vic
tory for Kahn, 6—3, 8—6. Kahn'a drive
waa too much for Bailey, who fell an
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
The San Fraftcisco Gun Club will hold
its regular monthly live bird 'shoot on the
Ingleside traps on Sunday afternoon. The
Olympic Gun Club will be on hand alio
bluerocks being their targets.
¦¥¦ Special Chinese edition of X
? the Sunday Call Art Maga- +
i 4- zine Section will appear next +
Sunday and will give the best "*"
.V- information and photographs
*¦ on the subject yet printed. ?
AT THE TRAPS.
?1 -rlfil i
CLUBS. \: i: "jS" r
I I I |f
geTamento ' K ; 14 ' 35 |.C41
."an Fraacinco j 2» ¦ 21 f 41 {.4*7
Et<<kton 1 « i 21 I z» >.4*i
Oaklam-1 : l« ; 23 ! S» :.4!0
The question of paramount interest in
baseball circles this week is whether those
Teutonic pacemakers of the San Francis
co team are able to keep up their speed
on the Sacramento grounds. If they do
not break they should return with two
more victories to their credit, for they
hav<> been playing the quality of ball that
wins pennants. But to defeat Sacramento
they must BU*tain their speed, for the
champions are in good form. Pitcher
Hughes proved last week that he was
Etill in good fettle and that his arm was
by no m^jins dead. Manager Harris ex
pects to use Knfell in one of the games.
Knell did not make a satisfactory show
ing last Sunday, but it should not have
been expected In view of his long retire
ment. He complained of soreness in his
muscles after pitching three innings, and
asked to be taken out of th«> box. During
the week he has taken considerable exer
cise and should be in condition to-day.
Within tho past week there have been
no defections from the Oakland team, and
no more princely offers have been re
ceived from the men in Montana who
have money to burn and who have carried
their political war Into the baseball field.
Though Manager Ewlng has been some
what embarrassed he is by no means dis
couraged. He has been negotiating for
two star ball tossers who have been play-
Ing In an Eastern minor league, and if he
succeeds In landing them he will still have
a strong team. He thinks that he has a
good man In Pitcher Jones, although the
lau»r through nervousness did not show
urr well in the opening game. Held, the
new fielder, is a good one and will put
pingpr Into the team— an element that has
be-en badly needed.
Manager Harper has been complaining
of the poor stick work of his men. and
also of the hard luck which deprived him
of Lockhead's services in several games.
He has signed Joe McGucken. the fast
outfielder of San Jose, and will probably
release Morrow, who is regarded as the
only slow man in the team. The Stocktons
have undoubtedly encountered much hard
luck, but they have managed to keep
within striking distance of the leaders.
The Stocktons and Oaklands will pro
vide tbe attraction at Recreation Park
this week. The line-up for to-day is as
follows:
Stockton. Position*. Oakiand.
face Catcher Mangerina
\V hoicn Pitcher Borchers
Str»lb First bare Hutchinnon
Babbitt Second base ...;.. Arrellarx"*
Moore Third base I.ancf
Lorkhead .Shortstop Francks
McCarthy Left field Moskimon
McGucken Center field Drennan
Courtney Right Held.. Held
Coursing Men Getting Ready
for the First Day at
San Mateo.
The Ifcglesld.-; Coursing Association i3
I working hard to make the opening day at
! San Mateo Park an auspicious one. The
management has decided to commence its
Innings on Saturday, July 2S. and as the
Union Park date closes on Sunday next
there will be no midweek stake run next
week unless other arrangements are made
by the two associations. Two stakes are
on the card, and the doubling of the en
trance fee In both events will force the
owners to nominate only their best dogs.
The slxteen-dog champion event will be
the feature, and the coursing public will
have a chance to see the high class rabbit
chasers come together. The entries so far
are Luxor, Beacon, Palo Alto, Royal
Flush. Flora McDonald, Master Claire and
Spiteful. . ,¦
. The open stake is limited to sixty-four
dogs, with entrance fee fixed at J5. The
drawing for both stakes will be held at
Pythian Castl? on Wednesday night. Fol
lowing the opening day a midweek stake
will be run on Wednesday, and if the en
tries warrant four events will be run each
week of the meeting. Arrangements have
been completed for the same train service
as now given to Union Park, and passen
pcrs on the electric cars will be carried to
the entrance of the grounds on the branch
line.
Union Park natrons had a chance to size
up the recently imported dog John Doe at
the Thursday midweek meet. J. McCar
thy, the owner, listened to many nice
thing? said of his hound. Coursing men
were- not backward in expressing their
satisfaction as to the dog's appearance.
John Doe in color and marks resembles
the fast Palo Alto. At the Instance of
several of his admirers the clog was put
on the scales and he tipped the beam at
fifty-four pounds.
Harlean Gladys, the winner of last
Thursday's midweek stake, is a Futurity
candidate.
M. C. Delano's Elco has whelped a litter
of puppies to Pasha kennels' Emin Pasha
five dog* and four bitches.
J. 0'Do\vd"s Shootover has been bred to
J. Carroll's Columbia. Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer has been bred to J. Maz
zlni's Pearl Fullerton. Aeneld Kennels'
Pretender has been bred to J. H. Perigo's
Chili Pepper.
Gub Abercromble, the well-known cours
ing man. has decided, to withdraw from
the field nnd try his luck on the turf, Mr.
Abercromble has been connected with the
horse racing game for some time, and re
cently purchased a string of fast ones.
He intends to "do" the circuit with his
stable. His kennel of dogs. Including Rock
Island Boy, Rock Island King. Victor
King. Irma. Miss Richmond and Miss
Rabbit, are in the hands of his trainer,
Arthur Massey, awaiting a purchaser.
Mrs. Leonard has bought two promlrient
pups out of Blackette by Crawford Lad
from H. F. Anderson.
The attraction at Union Park to-day Is
an eighty-eight dog open stake, with
many of the State's fastest fliers on the
card. '-...,
OVER OX THE OAKLAND ESTUARY
EVERY SATURDAY AND SUNDAY A
NUMBER OF YOUNG MEN OF AQUA
TIC PROPENSITIES MAY BE SEEN'
SAILJNG MOSQUITO CRAFTS. RAC
ING OR CRUISING AS FANCY DIC
TATES. THESE MEN ARE ALL EX
PERIENCED CANOEISTS. A FEA
TURE OF THIS SUMMER'S SPORT
WILL BE MANY INTERESTING PRO
GRAMMES PREPARED BY MEMBERS
OF THE OAKLAND CANOE CLUB.
WILL RUN THE
CHAMPIONS IN
OPENING STAKE
SAIL FRAIL CANOES
ON OAKLAND CREEK
THT? win I-* a bi;?y fasor. for the Oakland cano»-i?ts. men who sail the
Fmall, JUrht craft on the estuary and *»ccasionally out into the bay.
vrber* eacb wave fetms the size of the frail canoe itself. From a small
beginning the Oakland Oinoe Club has steadily grown until to-day it Is
or;f of the moFt prosperous In the eonstry. Every Sunday cruises are
hrii ar.'i raca ire run by members of the club for prizes varying from silver
medals to handsome cup?.
Several tig event* are planned for this *ea«on and they will surely be as
i*-jcc#>*sful as pirfjrfjUi". Th<? members of the club an? all - prominent In
aquatic rpfir,*. p^il'/r", roweia and swimmers. In fact ell the«e three accora
(.Hshn ¦••.:¦ :•- :." • ssaty for the canoeist, who more often than not b= unload
ed on '.).'¦ b.--v (ratcrn. Th^ V>Sy event in pros=p*-ct will. take place on Admission
day. but before thi-t time several other programmes will be run oft.
Th»- Oaklari*! Canoe C'iub ha* about t wentj -arren m»rn:berj«, the officers
b*i:.c Ihe following: Comiaodorei Philip Cadoc, owner of the sloops Anr.le
and Zepbyr; vice c<jmraodorp. Howard S. Eyxfcee, owner of the- Moo;) Ninette
and th* rano*- Vhim; Charles Stewart, part owner of the stoop
I*fcatr1o*. The flagship Acnie in a. famous craft, bolng the boat In which
Bos* T*f''l escaped from »vr York to Cuba; but, though she Ss always in
the pink of condition eh* 1? r;ireiy under way. Commoner*? Cad'jc prr-ferri^g
:.. ut-o her a? a sort of floating rec-ption room, ar.d to gratify his love of sail
ing in his little Zr-j>hyr. ChaxJes Stewart and T. Stewart Eowcns own
th* w*-atherly little "loop Beatrice; R. J. Chapman owns the speedy yacht
Place: H. O. v Hlncklcy, formerly rtce commodore, owns the sloop Surprise,
jir.d H. IJ. Penhalldw i? master of »h» floop Opltrah. . Robert B. Bain Jr.
owtif thr- rtbop H»-rt and th>" canoe Vl'trr**!. Other members who own canoes
¦ A v: 'iuy L. Bayler of ihe Xautllun: Clyde U. Carman of the Oypsy; A.
Gump of the Bonita; 8- EL Hacketl of the Rambler; A. D. Harrison of the
Flirt; W. Q. Morrow of th<» Volant: C. S. Mjrrtck of the Pirate; Charles VX
Taylor Jr. of the StereJd: G. G. Williamson of the Codia; J. R. Keylan of the
Jonah, a n4 J. It. Kfnna of the Agnes and the Erownie. V.*. T. White owns,
;h<- sloop Ah Wabnee
The Canoe Club way fo'indfd in US, when it« boathouse, purchased from
th»- UystJe I^>at Club. Hood at th« foot cf Alice Street, Oakland. The boat-
Y",w* now stands on Sessions Ba^In. near GUntoa Station, and contains «
clubrcom, dr«^fing room, la^i^?' room. pantr>- and ample accommodation for
iKjats. On public h'>!i'JayB the memfcen? muster in force at the bcathouse,
lunching and dining tb'-r<-. and winding v-P the day with a dance. During the
dav tixrre are saiHrg and Fwijnrr.ing rac»>s and parties of friends are taken
out on tbe «-rr-«->: 'or a crulFe jr the boats.
On Decoration day, In'i f :pen<Jenc» day ar.d A£rr.Ie?Jon day the Holiday Cup
i« racd for. ar.d wetj three mcr.thp during th% y^ar the Mayrisch badge 1<»
contested for by the canoeists, the winner being entitled to wear it until the
n^x* rac«-. tbmcaunm 1« from S«-<!Mons Basin to the Alara*«Ja Boat Club
hou?e, th^r.ce across to the Oakland Rhore, and thence to Sessions Basin. :
DEER HUNTERS
ANTICIPATING
BETTER SPORT
I will tf-rx* on the board for one year, while
' tr.*: o'.hers four directors will enjoy a «lx
¦ rr.onth«' t*-rm cnly. Next Tu*-«day night
¦ :h* director* will entertain the members
at :h» clubhouse, ar.'l will outline their
j ptafig for the c-ominj? halt-year.
Tt* Trtron Swimmtne and Boating Club.
• h«-;rg unable to get ar»/ fiatisfactory reply
fnaa the Street Committf e of the Hoard
of fiup*n'ipor» with resfard to a n"w site
for its bo<tthou*e, has pr»tty well decided
to stay »h»r» It i« for a y»ar or two at
! l^jjtt. The club will probably build a
v/h»rf out to a sufSdent distance to en
1 'a\.>. members to launch thr-lr boats at al
> morr. sii}- state of the tide. This plan will
be l**s »zp^nslve than moving tne boat
bonve to a new Rite, or than selling the
old quarter" and builuirg new. Stanley
i Addtrky. Junior outritg^o skiff champion.
{ its at present absent from the city on a
holiday, but •will return next week.
Several of the oaremen would like to see
a rarr between A. W. Pape. senior otit
; rigped t-kiff champion of the bay. and
j na» f>l the be«t of the local scullers.
; S!nr;e he won the s»r;ior championship
i Pape has rested on his laurels, though
j in. .<:. C. Dennis alwnyp showed a willing
ness to pull anywhere against any one.
j F. W. Avers, senior «kiff champion of the
Alam*-<3a Boat Club, has often expressed a
rt«-r!re to row against Pape, and George
Baker of the Dolphins is ready to meet
him at any time. A race between these
thr'*e would be worth seeing and would
< c-xcite great Interest among the rowing
j men.
FOOTBALL
Poor Hunting During the Week,
but Prospects Are Some
what Brighter.
Wjth hr>p*-« that were high arid ela^ed
over tfc*; pro*p«-<rt of &n aurpicirju* begln
r.Ir.j? of tr> <l"-.r •m-sj'.'-.ti, th*- hurt^r* start
t-1 out lut Satcrday and Buwiay. promls
!:.(? frl«:ii<is choice pi^c** <»' venison upon
tnMr return. A g^neraJ <!sapj>olntment
v/«i« in rror* for ail. bat f'-w bucks hav
!r.c U*n killed, ts-A ¦.-.«¦.¦ only by the
b*st brni TsomX. experienced of the big
nzm*. hunter*.
FlfeMjr of c»r^r were eeen and shot at.
V.'heiber it van th* adv*rs«- condition*
!. fct rr.kAf th* hunting difficult cr a g*n
• rsJ oS-<lfe>- t« hard to 4u»c«rtain; yet the
r«-«ult Is the mtuf- — no Ct-t-.r and a plenti
ful wajite of ammunition.
Marln County it the favored country.
On thft ;.r«>«-rv*j> of th<« Country- Club a
r.ujnb*r of the r.- •-»:<:»• have f/een out
s>ll w**k. W. B. Tubbn haj> another buck
to hi« cTf-4'.t, thi« time a four-point. F.
K. Hick* of Lou Ar.gHfi! brought down a
iork+6 born and Paxton Howard another
«jf tb* fame variety. George Boyd,
? "faarie* Griffith and William Byrne were
fit the club this w«-k. but as yet they
have don* nothirg In th«- way of killing.
The usual contingent will try another
•:.;::.''; at Jt this week. Some f-xcusea
lire found ln the condition of the dogs,
which ar#- f-oft and too fat.
Frank Kooth got a thre<-pronged de<r
on i i - . r j J • J . :-. ranch. Marin County, during
th* w««-k.
Vk'lliiatn JohRKon will leav» to-day for
a camp twenty miles above Clov^rdale on
a deer hunt.
F. M. Weight will trj' his luck in the
Banta Cru* M'WJntairis and fipects to
n-nd \mck a buck or two.
I. Earhart left on Tuesday for L.lerly'8,
Mendorino County, taking rlfie and fish-
Inr tackle with him.
Oscar FJatr and W. Houghton killed a
130-pound buck last Sunday morning nrar
Bouoas.
Mr. Burd*!l ba« two buck* to his credit,
both h«\-lng b«-en killed on the Mlra Monte
preserves.
W. B. Bradford and Charles Kfllog klll
*-d a five-point buck on the De Long ranch
during th* week.
The dove shooting has b»-en very poor,
murb to the disgust of the hunters, who
expected a fa5r opening last Sunday. The
hot, dry wrather was one of the reasons
.- >>:*.-! '•<! for the n<x)r deor hunting. Some
o>er were »oen. but ver>- few doves.
¦ m .
MAY ROW AT ASTORIA.
The ne xt rowing evrnt is the annual r<*
jratta at Astoria. The president of the
Astoria rrgatta committee has communl
rated with J. R. Rorkznan. president of
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union, and also with W. B.
Jtinchman. secretary °f thp Alamrda
Boating Club, and other*. The Alameda
K*»r;ior ljarpp crew will probably go to As
toria, and tho Ariels ar.d South Ends may
Bf-nd some representatives.
The board of directr.rs of the Alamoda
Boating Club met on Monday night and
selected the following cfllcers: President.
C. H. Rmlth; vice prrrident, A. G. Bell:
Ferretary- W. n. Hin^hman: treasurer, W.
C. Donnrlly. C. H. S^ith. XV. B. Hinch
rnan. Theodore ElsfeUt and A. G. Bell I
THE annual cruise of the California Yacht Club np tha Sacramento
River began last Saturday, the following boats accompanying E. N 7 .
Walter's flagship. Embla: A. M. Clay's Pactolus. L. I. Gale's Secret,
Charles E. Clark's Gypsie and L. S. Sherman's Royal. John T. Car
rier's Jessie E. sailed through. Raccoon Strait3 on Sunday. Th» Ceet
returns to-morrow.
The Corinthian regatta In cruising rig- held last Sunday was very success
fully carried out. During the racing th«re was a fair breexe. which later on
stiffened into half a gale. The suggestion that the crencs should start in
their yawls at the firing of the signal gun, row out to the yachts, make sail
and cast off from the mooring3 was made by ex-Commodore W. A. Stringer.
and proved interesting and novel. In the Mosquito class J. M. Mattoon's
Doris II, the racing machine imported last year from Hongkong, where she
won the Commodore's Cup of the Royal Hongkong Yacht Club, beat th«
vawl Kittiwake. which was sailed by Georgs Wellington. The two Utt.d
fellows, had a hard struggle against the rtood tide, the trip occupying tare*
hours and a half. In the 2S-foot class the Phoenicia made sail first, then the
Cupid, ar.d last the May. At the finish J. A. Breltzman's Cnpid led. May
was second and Phoenicia did not complete the course. In the 30-foot class,
which alwavs produces the most interesting racing, and bringa out tht
largest field" Frank Stone's Presto beat Carl Westerfeld's Aeolus by 4 min
utes 52 seconds: and Misnon beat Amigo by 4 minutes 57 second3. Anon?
the 26- footers E. F. Sagar's Edna and Short Brothers' Emma made a ctoa«
race but the tormer won by 2i f-ecords. The sloop Queen -i!d not tirush.
In the M-foot class Mischief ran Harpoon very close, and. though she did not
finish first, her owner received the prize, as a protest made against W. H.
Toerkes Harpoon was allowed. .The yawl Nereid received the prize la tb»
special* class for yawls. Harpoon covered the course in the shortest time.
I hour 3S minutes" 43 seconds. The first boat in each class won a pewter mug.
which will be engraved with name, date. etc. To-day the Corinthians cruise
to Sierra Point in the lower bay, returning to-morrow.
On Sunday nearly the whole of the San Francisco Ceet. except the flag
ship Ramona. cruised in the Upper Bay. The schooner Chlspa. the yawl
Phillis. the cutter Folly, and the sloops Rover. Thetis, Juanlta. Siren and
Cygnus came to anchor in Paradise Cove.
To-day and to-morrow axe open on the programme of the San Frar.cisco
Yacht Club. To-morrow is a ladies' day among the yachtsmen of the South
a> The race between the challenger Aeolus nnd the defender Gadder for the
Perpetual Challenge Cup will take place on Saturday. August 4. The regatta
committees of the San Francisco ar.d Corinthian club3 met on_ Wednesday,
and arranged that a preparatory gun should be fired at 12:oo p. m.. and
that 1 o'clock be the starting time, the yachts being allowed ten minutes
within which to cross the line. The course will be. acres? an imaginary
line drawn from Powell-street wharf to a stake boat distant about *X> yards
in the direction of Alcatraz Island, leaving the stake boat on the port hand:
thence to Southampton Shoal stake boat, leaving it on the port hand:
thence to the Powell-street stakeboat. leaying It on the starboard hand:
thence to Fort Point stake boat, leaving it on the port hand: thence to the
finishing line off Powell street, leaving the stake boat on the port hand.
ANGLERS GIVE
GOOD ACCOUNTS
OF THEIR WORK
easv victim. Merle Johnson and J. A.
Cod"e next appeared on the scene and in
a long flve-set match Johnson proved the
victor. 6—4. 5—7. 6—1. 5—7. 6—3. Both play
ers were completely exhausted at the end
of the match, due to constant running to
the net.
W. B. Collier was ranked below C. B.
Root and a speedy challenge was forth
coming. To the surprise of all. Collier
outplaved Root at all points and won the
mp-tehl 2— «. 7—5. 7—5, ft— 1.
One of the best double matches played
on the courts was between Robert Whit
ney and Grant Smith vs. George Whitney
and W B. Collier R. Whitney and
Grant Smith played a smashing: game,
killing the ball every time their opponents
lobbed to them. While Collier and George
Whitnev played a pood volleying game,
they lest to the clouters. Smith and R.
Whitney. 6—2. 3—6. 6—4.
George Whitney and Professor Daily de
feated R. Whitney and W. Stauf in a
four-set match. 'Walter McGavin beat
Ray Cornell. 6 — J. Miss Hunter and Miss
Bowman played several sets with even
honors. Br!cca and Kuehn defeated May
hew and McLean. 6—2. ft—*. Al Rosenberg
defeated Lieutenant Beuret. ft— 2. 6—3.
P. R. Milnes. late of this city, won the
tournament held recently at Eureka, and
In the mixed doubles Miss Matt and C. S.
Milnes beat Miss, Whipple and P. R.
Milnes.
The Santa Monica Club will hold Its
annual tournament August 13. An effort
Is being made to induce some of the local
cracks to enter. ».
L. R. Freeman has returned again to
the tennis courts, winning the tourna
ment at Redondo Beach. Miss Violet Sut
ton. champion of the coast, won the
championship of Southern California for
the third time.
The Park Commissioners have been
asked to lay out courts in Goldan Gate
Park, and have agreed to set a small
grass plat aside for the use of the play
ers.
Truckee River Country Is Still
Favored by the Local
Adepts.
This Is the heart of the flshlaj season
and the men of *ie rod who dbgie for the
jumpy trout are scattered from one end
of the State to tha other, making: the air
hum with their whizzing casts. I* any
body thinks California's streams are- fished
out he wants to make the acquaintance of
the real genus of fishermen who are ship
ping box after box of lake and river trout
to friends in this city.
The Truckee River country Is still tha
favorite fishing ground. At Boca, Verdi
and at Floreston the adepts are congre
gated in numbers. The best sport obtain
ed in many years is to be had right hera
and the entire angling community seem*
to to taking advantage of present condi
tions. While the fishing on the upper Mc-
Cloud and the Eel rivers is good it does
not compare w>th that of the Irucke© and
the lake region.
, Dr. Watt, Dr. Brooks and Harold Ward
left W ednesday night for Boca, which will
be their starting point en a trout excur
sion.
Colonel Kelihor has been angling near
the State line for several weeks past and
reports many large catches.
H. Fountain of Newcastle has experi
enced good luck near Boca.
Mrs. H. Bain and Miss H. B. Cary are
the prize tisherwomen of the Boca coun
try-. They return from all their fishing
expeditions with baskets of trout.
Dr. C. G. Levison and E. Mark have
been fishing at Weber and Independence
but are now at Boca. "We have met with
great success," they say. Their best luck
wa? with a Queen of the Waters fly Vj
and 12. and tne jungle-cock professor, u
and 12. during the day. and for evenine
tlshing the brown and gray hackle, yellow
body. No. 8.
Paul Pelmas and W. S. Sheldon left
Wednesday night on a fishing excursion
which will take in Boca. Verdi and Inde
pendence Lake.
Al Esberg. who has been at the lakes
and Boca, sent three boxes of trout to
friends during the week.
¦ Miss LJHenthal has made a record a*
I.ake Jahoe in both trolHng and flv flsh
ing. She is the most successful V.sher
woman at the Tallac thi? season.
\\ Hlinm Tufts and W. T. Hobson fished
Soquel Creek during the earlv part of th*
week reporting good catches.
? » E in the week the Ashing in Mon
terey Bay was exceptional^- pood for sal
mon. Last Saturday and SinSayDr BaV
an 2 part £ were out on bav. One IS
cn f i one 26-pound salmon were iacded
c£f£i ?eiS?^ a R£a Urned *"" a Suc '-
San Andreas I.ake has been drawinz a
m °s quIt °. Proved allurement to the twit
wlTf \ h ? m , or !l ln S- -M*- Kenniff brought
K* f ?* r s »«d baw.1he only one caught
SSSSoS* day - The flsh were ln
YACHTSMEN CRUISE
TO SIERRA POINT
WHEELMEN ARE
PREPARING FOR
THE BIG EVENT
Cycling Men Anticipate a
Monster Meeting During
the Celebration.
The big meet planned by the local
wheelmen for September 9 at Ingleside as
a part of the Native Sons' celebration has
attracted unbounded Interest throughout
the entire State and now gives promise of
being a monster event. Next Tuesday
evening a special meeting of the Native
Sons' vehicle and bicycle committee will
be held. at the headquarters in the Palace
Hotel, which v,ill be attended by many
of the leading wheelmen of the city. Ow
ing to the absence of Chairman Frank
Kerrigan, Vice Chairman Eannan will
preside. It Is now planned to make this
meet one of the big features of the cele
bration. On September 9 there is practi
cally no counter attraction and on tnis ac
count both wheelmen and Native Sons an
ticipate an enormous attendance at the
bicycle races, especially as there is some
po?sibllty of a free gate on that occasion.
The programme as outlined will include a
fifty-mile relay race, several short distance
sprints and four automobile races. In
the fifty-mile relay event the competing
teams will probably be an follows: The
Reno Wheelmen ol Reno, Nevada, the
champions of the coast; Capital Clty
\\ heeimen of Sacramento; Garden City
Wheelmen of San Jose; Olympics and Bay
Cltys of this city. An effort is being made
to induce a team from Los Angeles to
come north for this event. If these teams
all compete it will mean an attendance of
sixty of the best racing men in this State
and Nevada. Next week Chairman Kerri
gan will appoint a sub-committee of
wheelmen to co-operate with the Native
Sons committee in handling this big af
fair.
On Tuesday night the Cycle Path Asso
ciation will hold a meeting at the head
quarters In the Parrott building, at which
many matters of vital importance will be
discussed. During the past week Presi
dent Learning and Chairman Ravlin of
the route committee sccirred the services
of two engineers, recommended by City
Engineer Grunsky. to take charge of pre
paring maps of the route selected and
specincations for the path. These engi
neers are F. R. Herrmann and C. A. Haas,
who will commence active operations im
mediately. Everything is progressing
very favorably, and as planned now the
path will, be completed well into isan Ma
teo County this fall. The route will leave
the park in the vicinity of Strawberry
Hill and continue out Nineteenth avenue
the new street the city is opening: to the
Ingleside road. By this means the path
will cross the Trocadero Gulch over the
filling for which the city has appropriated
J10.(>.">. From Ingleside to Baden fetation
the railway level will be followed, and
from there on the path will be built at the
side of the countv road.
To-morrow morning, over the Haywarda
course, the California Cycling Club will
hold the first road race of the fall season
The following are the entries and handi
caps:
Scratch— Thomas H. White; 15 seconds, B. J
Holle, C. L. Drann; 30 second*. E. E. Berg
man. H. Berrar, \V. Rombach and F. West
cott: 45 seconds, G. Seyrried, K. Kristensen,
K. Matthey and P. Xace; 1 minute. H. Butt
genbach, A. Carl, A. BarnwHl and H. Barn
well; 1:30, L. Traeger. Ed Egeberg; V.Ao. G.
Hitchcock, C. PHffer; 2:15, M. A. Griffith, J
Billings.
FRISCO JUMPS
FROM LAST TO
SECOND PLACE
Succession of Seven Victories
Makes a Complete Change
in Standing.
By its unbroken succession of seven vic
tories Hank's pretzel-eaters wadfd
through the Dudes and the Millers, until
to--Jay ho stands second in the race, with
a far off glance at. the champions. All
the prayers that Hank gave breath" to and
the 5ncer.se that he burned on the altar
of success bore fruit, though the materal
reward came late. The following table of
standing 1b vociferative of a pleasing
story to th» local fans:
THE SAX- FBAXCISCO CALL,- SATURDAY, JULi 21, 1000.
4
SPORTS
When the football season opens this fall
It will find the Reliance Club represented
with an eleven and the Olympic Club not
in the fi'ria. This is according to agree
ment, understood though not expressed,
between the athletic clubs.
Catching- time by the forelock, the Re
liance Club has already begun work on
its team. A .new peheme of action and
method will be employed this year In the
development of the athletic club eleven
which will mi>et the two university teams.
There will be nc atempt made to secure
the old. heavy and highly reputed players
of years that are parsed. This season the
Reliance Club will play young, fresh and
«nergetlc athk-K.s. who will be trained ac
cording to the Hrlct rule of dietary laws
and practice games. ¦'«"!¦¦-;
P»-ie Smith will manage the team and
Eugene Sheehy will be its captain. The
field has been canvassed and the following
have expressed a desire to Join the Re
liance ranks: Oreis<berg. California's
guard for several seasons: Atkinson, Mun
roe, Sheehy, Bandy. Hamilton. Platt.
Goldsworthy. Varney. Thlerkauf. McNev
ln. Dinsmore and Howard.
The team will train ,on this Bide of the
bay, using the • Lurline baths as thefr
quarter*. The old armory on' Pacific street
will furnish the ground for daily practice.
The Reliance men will not wait until the
end of the season before they begin their
gridiron work, for as soon as the college
eleven? take to the Held 'and a schedule of
games is prepared the Reliance, will be
found In canvas jacket and padded
breeches, determined to pluck a little
glory from the field of football strife.
TJ»e schedule of games for the coming
F*»a«on is a* follows: September 29 at Palo
Alto. Reliance vb. Stanford; October 6 at
Berkeley. Reliance vs. California: October
13. at Palo Alto. Reliance vs. Stanford:
October 20. at Berkeley. Reliance vs. Cali
fornia; October 27. In San Francisco. Cali
fornia and Stanford freshmen; November
3. In San Francisco. Reliance vs. Stanford;
November 10. in San Francisco, Reliance
vs California. Other dates are left open
for Western university teams.ON EASTERN TRACKS."
Grandon, a Long Shot, Wins the Han-
dicap at Washington Park.
CHICAGO, July 20.— Grandon and
Handyman, two of the longest shots In
the race, ran first and second in the $1000
handicap for two-year-olds at Washing
ton Park to-day. School Master, who ran
such a close second to Lady Schorr yes
terday, was thought to be much the best
youngster and was heavily played. Gran
don, however, led nearly all the way and
was never In trouble. Weather cloudy;
track slow. Results:
Six furlongs— Pupil won, • Emifre second
Gcebel third. TlaSe, 1:18.
One mile — Scales won. Wax second Tayon
third. Time, l.tthi.
• fix furlongs and fifty yardsr-Grandon won.
Handyman second. Kid Ccx third. Time,
l:19H.
WOMAN'S GOLF CHAMPION.
Miss Bessie Anthony Defeats Mrs.
"Jack" Cutter in Brilliant Game.
CHICAGO. July 20.— Miss Bessie An
thony of the Evanston Golf Club to-day
won the Western woman's golf champion
ship and the Governor's cup by defeating
Mrs. "Jack" Cutter, five up and four to
play.
Miss Anthony is but 17 years of age and
appeared on the links for the first time
last vear. Her victory over Mrs. H. C.
Chatneld-Taylor. the one-time champion.
In the qualifying round caused great sur
prise and gained for her a host of ad
mirers. Her play over the fourteen holes
— it was not necessary to complete the
whole course of eighteen .holes — was
strong and remarkably steady. It was an
Interesting match, although the contest
had progressed but a little way when it
became evident that Mrs. Cutter's play
was not equal to that of her youthful op
ponent. The medal score follows:
Miss Anthony— Out. 6, 4, 7, 5. 6, 6, 6. 5, 6;
in. <5. 6. 6. 7. 6— total SI.
Mrs. Cutter— Out. 6. 5. 7. 6, 7. 5, 7. 7, 6.
In, 7, 8, 6, 6, 6, 6— total £3.
Chicago and Minnesota Win.
CHICAGO, July 20.— Chicago and Minne
sota were the winning teams in the last
two cricket matches played to-day for
the championship of the Northwest. Chi
cago won a splendidly contested game
from Manitoba by ten runs, while Denver
lost to Minnesota by twenty-seven runs.
The result caused Manitoba. Minnesota
and Chicago to finish In a tie for first
place. Denver comes next and Omaho
list.
Famous Stallion Dead.
BOWLING GREEN. Ky.. July 20.— Blue
Grass Hambletonian. a stallion for which
E. P. Neal of this city eleven years ago
paid JIO.OOO, is dead as the result of a
rupture. He was by Victor von Bismarck.
out of Hambelletta. He was 17 years old
and had a record of 2:17%.
Young Peter Jackson of San Francisco
sot the decision over Shorty Ahearn of
Chicago before the Olympic Athletic Club
at the end of the tenth round.
DENVER. July ZO.-Frank Childs cf
Chicago to-night sained the decision over
Fred Russell of California at the end of a
tame ten-round gro before the Colorado
Athletic Association.
Gains th© Decision Over the Califor
nia Fighter.
CHTXDS BESTS BTJSSELL.
American League Games.
BUFFALO. July W— Buffalo. 5: Milwaukee. X
CLEVELAND. July 20.— Cleveland. ;- Clu
cajro. 9. .
INDIANAPOLI3. July 20.-India=apoll*. 1"
Kansas City. X. _'_**
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Le»U an4
SulUraa. Umpire— O" Day.
Chicago s ij x
Boston j J5 I
LONDON, July 20.— The final contest
for the WIn>?field sculls tcok place to-day
C. V. Fox beat C. H. Howell, the Ameri
can oarsman, easily.
American Is Beaten.
Hotel Kormandle stakes, purse J200O, for 2:09
pacers (unfinished)— Riley B won first heat In
!:06%. Connor. Fannie Dillard. Milton. Tom
Wilkes. Hetty G, Jersey Me. Harry O. Nlcol
B, Colonel Bert and Llncton B also started.
2:27. trotting, purse $1500 (unfinished)— Queen
Eleanor won first heat in 2:17^. Lasso won sec
ond heat In 2:15%. Rhea, Mable G, Paradox.
George Gurnett, Kellers Heelniate, Bertha
Barln, Red Cliffe. Helena. A, Dewey ar.d Bert
Herr also started.
DETROIT, July 20.— A heavy rain
spoiled the racing at Grosse Polnte to-day.
Two heats were gone In the 2:27 trot and
cne in the Nonnandie stake for 2:09
pacers. Results:
Rain Stops Racing.
Five and a half furlongs— Ida Quicklime won.
Marey second. Donna Seay third. Time, l:03'4.
Seven furlongs— Royal Salute won. George L.
Barr second. Glad Haxd third. Time. 1:27.
On<» mile — The Benedict won. Poorlands sec
ond. Wine Press third. Time. 3^.
Four and a ball furlongs— Militant won. Lady
Edith second. Billionaire third. Time, :53<4.
One mile — Highland Prince won, - Kitty Re
gent second. Baffled third. Time. l:S2«t.
Six furlongs, gentlemen riders — Nimrod won,
Infelice second. Lizzie Kelley third. Time!
l:24*i.
MONTREAL. July V).— Results at Bell
alre to-day:
Mile and a sixteenth— Ethelbert won, Mc-
Meekln second. The Keatucklan third. Time,
1:43 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Vouch won.
Maximus second. The Regent third. Time,
1:07 4-5.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Results at
Brighton Beach:
Mile and a half, selling — Bangor won. Hand
cuff second. Undula third. Time. 2:33 3-5.
Five furlonsrs — Gertrude Elliott won. Colo-
Eel Padden second. Balloon third. Time. 1:02.
One mile — Kamara won. Oneck Queen second,
Adrissa third, Time, 1:41 2-5.
Six furlongs, selling — Native won. Unmasked
second. Miss Hanover third. Time. 1:13 1-5.
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— A shower before I
the races beean. made the Fair Grounds j
track slow to-day. Crowhurst was the |
hero of the day, he piloting three horses j
first past the post. Results:
One mile and seventy yards, selling — W. B.
Gates won. Joe Doughty second, Connie Lee
third. Time, 1:MH.
One mile— El Caney won, Derim second. Ma
rie G. Brown third. Time, 1:45%:
One and an eighth miles — Guide Rock won.
Jimp second. Chorus Boy third. Time
1:53 !-5.
Six furlongs, selling— Verify won. May Dine
second. Kindred third. Time, 1:17.
Five and a half furlongs, selling- — The Butch
er won, Llllle Pantland second, Harry Pulliain
third. Time, l:ll l i.
Five furlongs, purse— Eva's Darling won, Ida
Cicalla second, Mrs. Smith third. Time, 1:C3.
Five furlongs — Prosper La. Gai won. Anna
Chamberlain second, Lakeview Belle third.
Time, 1:02*4.
One and an eighth miles— Our Nellie won.
.Admetus second. The Bobby third. Time,
l:3J7i-
Six furlongs— The Pride won. Heigh Ho sec
cmi. Abe Furst third. Time. 1:15.
BOSTON. July 53.— Chicago batted Lewis at
will to-day after the second tnctss and won
easily. Attendance. 13C0. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pitttburg 4 7 2
Philadelphia 7 S «
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Fraser and
Douglass. Umpire— Ein?Ue.
NEW YORK. July W.— St. Louis Just escaped i
a whitewash to-day by some clean hittln* In
the eighth Inning. Attendance, 1350. Score:
i Cluba— R. H. E.
: St. Louis 2 7 S
Xew York i 1 0
Batteries— Jor.es and Crlfer; Carrlck asl
Warner. Umpire— Terry.
• BROOKLYN. July »>.— Dunn weakened la th» j
eighth, when Crawford's triple. Qulnn's single |
and three passes to first pare Cincinnati a j
lead of three runs, which was Increased to I
four In the ninth. The Brooklyns made oti*> I
of their famous rallies la the ninth, but cotild I
not win out. Attendance, iZQO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. " E. j
Cincinnati 8 12 J|
Brooklyn ~ ,--• 7 14 Oj
Batteries— Scott and VTotxl; Duan and Far- !
reil. Umpire— Swaxtwood. i
PHILADELPHIA. July *>.— Pittsbur* and
Philadelphia played a tiresome (ram* to-daj\
the home team winnln? by their ability to hit
at the proper time. Both Chesbro and Fras«r
did g-ood work on the rubber. Attendance.
•3S0. Score:
CIub»- R. H. S.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ( Clubs— VT. L. Per.
Brooklyn ....45 2« .S33 Cincinnati -38 JS .4M
PMladPlph!a.» 34 .iUJBoston 22 » .M
Pittsburg ...40 35 .532 :3t. Louis 31 J? .4-iO
Chicago 3S 33 .SMuVew Tork...M 43 -S30
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Yorks Are Improving.
TJnder New ""Management the New
PHILLIES IN SECOND PLACE.
la a search of the little tar.Jc In the
Countv Jail to-day, which is occupied by
Tom Winship, who killed Narvaez in this
city a few weeks ago. and Bergerow.
Jailer Dreischmeyer discovered a knife
under the mattress of Wlnship's rot. It
Is thought that Winship. who Is remorse
ful, contemplated suicide with the weapon.
SAN JOSE, July 20. —Two compla'r.ts of
murder were swem to against Fred Ber
gerow, the Alviso constabe. before Justice
Rosentral to-day by Deputy Sheriff Britt
Guell. In these he is charged with the
wanton killing of Joseph Cech and Augus;
Berger nt Agricultural Park last Sunday.
He will shortly be arraigned oa the
charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BZBGEBOW IS CHARGED.
N'ETT YORK. July 20.— The second -day
of the national regatta over the Speed
way course on the Harlem River was
productive cf some excellent oarsmanship
and the sport generally was of a higher
class than on the opening day. The
weather was fine, but a strong breeze
blew directly against the crews and at
times the water, where not sheltered, was
rough.
The first event was the Paris single*.
in which Rumohr. Ten Eyck and Titus
ptartf-d. Ten Eyck and Rumohr caught
the water together. For the first minuta
both rowed forty strokes and their shelfa
were bow and bow. After this Ten Eyck
forged ahead, as Titus was well in the
rear, and b*>gan to wear over toward
Kuinohr'js water and gave him the benefit
of his wash. Thus they rowed for a
quarter of a mile, when Ten Eyck drew
away a little mire and was directly in
front of P.umohr's boat- At this point
Rumohr spurtt-d. The shells swm*^ to
tcuch ar.d Rumohr raised his hand, claim
ing a foul. Rumohr stopped rowing, but
on seeing the referee's boat did not
slacken spe*>d. rowed on and finished two
and a half lensrths behind Ten Eyck.
The referee. Walter Stimpson of Boston,
trhen asked to explain why Ten Eyck waj
not disqualified, said:
"There may have been a foul, but I did
not see it." Had the referee decided that
Ten Eyck fouled Rumohr the race would
have fceen rowed over again, for the re
gatta committee long- ago agreed thct
none of the Paris races could be decided
on fouls.
,The Crescent Beat Club of Philadelphia
woa the second trial heat of the interme
diate double scull event by three lengths
from the Nonpareil of New York, with
the Atlantas third.
The Wachusetr Boat Club of Worcester.
Mass., and the Vespers of Philadelphia
•withdrew from the senior four and it was
rowed in cne heat, the starters being the
Second Day of the National Begatta
en. the Harlem Is Produc
tive of Excellent
Sport.
Defeats Rumohr and Will
Be the Representative
at Exposition.
TEN EYCK IS
WINNER OP TIE
PARIS SINGLES
VALLEJO, July 20.— The entry of Wal
ter K, the mysterious and unknown side
wheeler, supposedly hailing from Ala
bama and susplcioned as a ringer, was
protested by L. D. Slocum, owner of Ted
dy the rtoan, previous to the deciding
of the 2:17 pace here to-day. It looks
very much now as if the stranger was
sailing under false colors. Before the
racing began Secretary Kelly received a
telegram from W. A. Goucher, secretary
of the National Trotting Association,
saying that Walter K, by Happy Pilot,
won a race at Elkh^m, Wisconsin, on
July 4, and Is owned by a Milwaukee
horseman. J. Brown, driver and .part
owner of the Walter K racing here/stated
to-day in the stand that he purchased the
pacer at Meridian, Miss., last October
from Milwaukee parties, paying 1300. Wuite
evidently there .is a broken spoke some
where.
In the swag-ger number on this after
noon's card Walter K started under pro
test and was barred in the betting, Cloe
selling favorite over the field. For two
heats the Alabama horse would not
square away and pace, just getting inside
the red bunting on both occasions, the
winner turning up in Bob, driven by \V.
Brown. Then, after a workout, Walter
tamed down, taking the three following
heats in rag time.
In the lust trip around the oval King
Cadenza was the only horse escaping be
ing distanced. However, on account of
the winner starting under protest, the
flag was waved. Cloe was eore, being un
able to show to any marked advantage.
The weather was cool and the attend
ance only fair. Favorites In both harness
and running events went down the line.
A special purse for local drivers attract
ed a mixed field of four out for the Judge's
word. After dropping one heat old Bay
Rum. superbly handled by the popular
hotel boniface Vic Harrier, won his heats
In the 2:17 Class the Horse Loses
Two Heats, Then Takes
the Next Three
Straight.
Entry of the Mysterious
• Sidewheeler Protested
at Vallejo.
WALTER K IS
SUSPECTED OF
BEING A RINGER
Detroit Boat Club of Detroit, Mich.; In
stitutP Beat Club of Newark. N. J., and
the Jeffrifs Point Rowing Association of
Boston. The D<?!roit crew. won.
C. S. Titus of New Orleans won the sec
cr.d heat of the association singles, with
Amos Kublc of the Springfield Boat Club
second. The othrr starter, James Bend,
quit at the mile post.
The Intermediate ei^ht-oared shells was
the best race of the day. Four crews, the
Dauntless of Kew York, llaltas and Fair
mounts of Philadelphia and the Potomacs
cf Washington, started. After passing the
quarter-mile rr.irk the Dauntless assumed
the lead and gained at every stroke, cross-
Ing the line five lengths ahead of the
Fairmounts. the Maltas being third by
half a length.
The second heat of the Paris fours was
perhaps the most peculiar race ever seen
at a championship meeting. The Vespers
and Institutes were the only starters. At
the crack of the pistol the Vesper went
to the front and at the half-mile mark
were eight lengths ahead of their rivals.
Then the Institutes began to gain and
Inch by Inch overhauled the leaders Th-?
Vespers, however, stuck to their work
and by sheer plugping crossed the line
two feet ahead of the Institutes.
like a real country gentleman. Blordy
Wilkes. first for the second heat, attached
himself to second money, well driven by
J. Cronin.
Johnny Humphrey chalked up 3 to 2
against Griin«l Sachem, with Fravrley up,
in the betting on the seven-furlong run.
and the horse won hands down. In a hard
drive Be Happy looked to have led Claran
do out a. head for the place, but was
given the show. S<?q Spray, well backtd
one, was sore and unfit to run.
One-eyed Beauraonde, on which McNich
ols had the leg up. soon developed as the
warm one for the flve-furlonp Jaunt. Hia
price was hammered from 3 to even
money, and away first he was nev^r head
ed. Louise Hayman stopped the last few
yards* losing the place to San Augustln.
Summary:
Pacing. 2:17 class, purse $300.
Walter K. b. b., by Happy Pllot^C M C
(J. Brown) 7 8111
Bob. b. jr.. by Azmore (W. Brown) 1 12 5 6
Kini? Cadenza, b. p.. by Stelnway (Dun
lap) ....3 3 3 2 2
Teddy the Roan. rn. g., by Roadfleld
(Donathan) 5 2 4 3 4
Cloe. blk. m., by Connlfer (Clark) 2 7 7 4 5
Gaff TopsaU. ch. h.. by Diablo (Smith).. 4 4 5 S 3
Sam H. b. (?., by Jim Blalne CWhltney).6 5 6 dr.
Time— 2:15, 2:1SH, 2:19,>C:1SH, 2:14=i.
Special local driving:, purse $200.
Bay Rum, b. g.. by Juno «V. V. Harrier). 1 2 11
Blondy Wllkes, ch. g., by Guy WllXes)
(J. Cronln) 21!?
Sureo. br. h., by Sable Wllkej (H. Hoga
boom) 3 3 3 3
Sir Derby, br. g.. by Charles Derby (J.
Kdjre) « i dr.
Tlme-2:23. 2:25, 2:2TV4, 2:23.
Seven furlongs, purse JT30.
J. J. Moran's Grand Sachem IV) (Frawley).
3 to! 1
B. F. Cox's b. m. Clarando 107 (Vlekery). 4
to 1 2
J. Dlxon's b. m. Be Happy 107 (McNlchols),
4 to 1 4 3
Time, 1:2$.
Harry Gwynne 112. Tenrlca 109. "Whltcomb 1C3,
Alturas 1C3 and Sea SDray 103 also ran.
Five furlones. rrar?* $100.
J. Jewell's ch. h. Beaumonde IIS (McN'Ich
ols). e%-en ...- ..'. 1
J. Webb's 1). it. San Au?ustln 105 (Collls), 2
to 1 2
J. S. Campbell's blk. I. Louis* Hayman 100
(GafTney). S to 1 3
, . Time, l:01»4.
.El Arte 1C2. Pauline J 110. Melville Bumhfin
112, Lady Chesterfield 110, Ftlle d'Or 100, Fli e
shot 102 and Ojal 103 aiso ran.
and for the same charge.
"Doc" "Weatherly was the first witness
examined yesterday. He said he had been
asked by Chretien to give the name of an
attorney in England to whom Chretien
could refer a matter, and he told Chretien
about Bennett & Walker. That was all
he knew of the case, he said. Then D, W.
Storror was called to tell of a cablegram
"Weatherly sent to Bennett telling him to
keep quiet and not get mixed up In the
business.
Rogers followed these two and declined
to answer, and then the testimony closed.
The Indictments for Chretien. Hansted
and I,atner are being drawn up by the
District Attorney. They will be filed Mon
day. Hansted Is in Nome, and the police
say they can locate Latner at any time
he is wanted.
The charge of obtaining money under
fal.se- pretenses will rest on the fact that
Chretien assigned the estate as a sort of
gold brick to Jake Rauer fcr the money
which "Young Dutchy" was to take to
Nome with him, but part of which went
into Chretien's pockets.
The third man is I-atner, who will be in
dicted in the same manner as "Dutchy"
Hansted, or "Dutchy," Is another can
didate for indictment. His charge will
be based on the general conspiracy to de
fraud, which under section 530 of the Penal
Code is larceny, and may be felony or mis
demeanor, according to the amount se
cured by the fraud. In the case of the
Sullivan estate the amount is well above
the felony mark, so It will be a State's
prison offense If ever "Dutchy" can be
brought down from Nome for trial.
and what Rogers had done could always
be construed as a compromise. The Jur
ors were not satisfied, however. Th*y
discussed the- matter thoroughly and this
conclusion was reached— that they will
hear Mr. Byington again on Monday. If
he can convince them that an indictment
under the present evidence could not be
made good before the court, they will
not bring one, but instead will draw up.
a memorial to the Bar Association setting
forth the facts In the case and ask that
some befitting action be taken.
The grand jurors have but one opinion
in the matter and their votes showed
plainly what that was. They refer back
to the time that Rogers swore before
Judge Troutt that he had received no
money whatever from any person or for
any purpose, in his whole connection with
the case, and yet the testimony shows
clearly that he received at least ?SCO from
f7^» NOTHER afternoon's session has
(I \y failed to bring the Grand Jury to a
Jl \ conclusion in the investigation of
the Chretien matters, as it ad
joarr.ed yesterday evening to Monday
Bflemoon. The session was not entirely
without results, however, for three wit
r.esses were examined and the Jurors ar
rived at a conclusion about as to the peo
ple they wanted to indict.
It is still undecided whether or not
James Taylor Rogers is among the num
ber. A vote was taken in his case and
every man en the jury voted to Indict html
but a plea from the District Attorney
Favfi him. Mr. Byinston represented to
the juror? that if they brought an indict
ment against Rogers they co\i!d rot hope
to have it made good in the courts. He
arpued that any attorney had the right to
compromise the case of his client when
ever In his judgment he thought It best
JAMES TAYLOR EOGEKS.
* Rauer as a "fee." It Is In taking into ac
& count the probable meaning of this "fee"
« that the grand jurors voted to. Indict
' Rogers.
? Rogers was before the Grand Jury yes
f terday and again he refused to answer
a questions on the ground that he would
Incriminate himself. As soon as he left
, | after this second defiance, the Jurors were
for Indicting him anyway and letting the
, courts pass upon the merits of the
, charges, but District Attorney- Byington
i then came forward and made his speech
I ! and final action was put off until Monday.
Of the other men on the list, the
' jury decided to bring two indictments
i against Chretien, one for forgery and
the other for obtaining money under
false pretenses. The forgery charge
will be based on the utterance of papers
purporting to be signed by a true heir to
the estate of Joseph Sullivan. The signa
tures themselves may or may not be for
gery, for there may still be a question
whether or not there is a John Sullivan !
alive whose name might be forged in that j
connection; but there is no doubt of the |
utterance of forged checks and receipts {
and powers of attorr.ey under v--hich a
color of right was lent to a great wrong. I
FBED HANSTED (YOUNG DUTCHY), WHO FOUND THE
JOHN M. CHBETIEX, WHO WILL BE INDICTED MONDAY.
TRIO UNDER FIRE
E="ROM. THE
GRAND JURY.
INDICTMENTS VOTED FOR ROGERS,
CHRETIEN, LATNER AND HANSTED
Grand Jury Is Particularly Hot After the Evasive Rogers-Saved
for a Time by a Speech by Byington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
5
'0)O -¦¦-'' ..--.-.. g .;.-....... . ' & 'A '
o v' • § '6 ¥
% % Tog PuoIig Evg Is Now b, $ ; o&&q&&v&x^z^^ g How * EsGSpscl Fpom
H on China. II >-g^ r +% is the Boxers. w iI1Ian s'c,^.
% : %-y^J^z^SS^ 3 ill BlT ill I ml § 1^& |«S^SS^^o«^«^S^^6c^^^SaS^S«a^S
||| Ho Yow, Chinese Consiil-Qeiaeral, g | , 1 1 Eleyem Cihiinainieii Who Control
| \% Between the Devi! and ' | £ •-•*^^/ I T l3/^t(^5 I I % e ese Population
g §5^^o©Sa^ssa«^^^So^^ft$^^s^^s^s^^>5§ § Will Be Full v Set Forth in Next Stind&v's Call, i i»$o«oSSSss^Sa?c^oS9^ss^cS^^^ss^^«
I g Chinese Tortures — Pictured by | %&&0®o&a&^ and Children of the
Grand Concert To-Slight at 7:30.
This Handsome $5,00 Patent
Leather Shoe, f)f^s^
Fine quality c'o:h top, turned sewed jS*'i P&afr^**.'^*!. \
sole?, Loai? XV heels, a te3atiful ?5.00
Shoe Sate. J^^J^^^^
The above is only one of eleven
new stvle3 of ladies* shoe-.
fresh frcm the factory. No aBBB^ a^J //
short lots, no broken \\u *B/W
sixes, thousands of t^p^ffy */
pairs now on sale. They T 37^*- W ¥V
were made for another firm, \^
who retired from business bs- ' "' **
fore their completion, and we ~ ~t
bought the entire lot for 65c on the $1*00.
Scyliah S2.53 Shoes &1.69 S'y i-h S&5O Saces S2.37
Stvlrsh $3.00 Shces $1x98 Stylish $5.00 ShD«3....^. -^ $3.35
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Sl - M, Blue Cheviot
Mfj&l ~* l 'Jk f I E;ther a T °™A cornered cc at aa h pictare*
XftSTE rs Iff i «¦ r*f or a d5tib!e-br*a3t#»«J sack coat, extra well
Bgr S ' 'fP I. made acd perfect fitting; t>- g% ~* _ tf
tt I I day cw/y.. ................^ ...... m+2 d? 3 %£ <*2
M[ L /,.'» J / Men's $4L0 Pants 32.29 -U
Si \ . Vj / '•'¦¦ \ \l J 8 Ies to 42 wais?3. a'!-w^ol silk iaix-xl
i If Y^^ f-''-''-'i\ r C3?3i=3eres. well mads a-d #* r% *> r>
M V S V I shipely; Sxturdav cn'v T&dCmtiij
<&»>-< X *-J Boys' $3.50 Vesteo Suits
I j^M. S2m1&—Szi3 for 3 to 7jear3. a!!-w o'.
™ ' fabrics, either coat or sailor ark
collars, well nude and trlnsied; Saturday only &JsSaB%j
Boys' $4.00 Sailor Suits $2,95-On:j abort h in this lot, so coma
early; a!!- woo! b!se cheviot, handsome y trisned, b'oasea fall and — „_ — , —.
long, regalsrly ?4.00; Saturday only $£;ScJ
\'i ' La Felicidad 2 for 25c ?
I Clear Havana Cigars on Sale t
I To-Day, Saturday, t
I 4 for 25o. t
35c Gloih-Bound Special Safe of
—'Jr,0 titles of library siz?, we.l--oncd /\"^i\ >^S additica
cloth books selected with care from the //"^t _L ' : '7<~ 7O =n:5 ?
world's be-t fiction; aho 1C0 title* of. If" li^^^V^ ' C e ' lr "
Handy \VnnieCa33ic3, well printedi /rjLJ* _JK\ aa ? e Bir "
and daintily boasd; pub'Uhers' price! /^/s7^tt ::^TH\ f- a:n3 in ths
353 vouse; car Saturday __ \ J^$l/*'Wl*l\'$\ L c derntJ1 -
6?ech! prc? .". iOC. / !l3 D: ? art -
Sales Tables— Main Aisle. {*ff' '^^^^^\ at we °''
$2 Sailor Hats, $1. f . ™&*^, „ oafiZ
„ .. ,,.,.. * tioa Ssirts witb die? floince of en-
S-me more oisr Milliner? specia's fcr; broidery with 3 insertions cf fia- em-
to-day, in additfon to our many Ju'y brolderr nn i witb elnste- o.' Sn-
Ciearmg Bargiins. tnc ' K , reju'arlr <1 95
Lidios' Sallon //afs-Pbeapp'e £!£; 7 * ' §3.OO
braid, b'ack or white, to- f __ Ladies' fine Cambric Co wns *i:a
da 7 .. ... . &B.W p^ffjd yok?> haTing 5 in ,ertioa3 of ea-
After stock-takirgwe find aa assorted lot broidery; fiso ecbroidery oa *dg3 of
rf Roses that were 25c to yoke and caffs, wash silk ribbon at
75c, every good color; en #/f ncc k, regnlarly $4.09, to- ~— ~ ~>
special ea'e to-day IUC dav §2,50
Second Floor. Second Floor. *""""' "
CAUFORNU'S LARGEST-AMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
It seems to be conceded that/' Russia is strong
enough to play a lone hand in China and has a right
to try it. but all the same the other powers will ob
ject. They have hands* of their own they wish to play
out by^ way of enjoying the game'and having a share
in the stakes.
The suggestion thnt none of the civilized powers
shall hereafter sell arms to the Chinese would be
more valuable if accompanied by some plan for pre
venting enterprising men from setting up plants to
manufacture the goods in China itself.
After.all things are taken into consideration by ex
perts the conclusion is that the Paris Exposition is
not equal to that at Chicago, and the belief is growing
that when it comes to the show business the United
States is the Barnum of the nations.
In the brightening skies of these times there are
signs of redemption even in Missouri, for a farmer in
that State whose wife recently grave birth to triplets
has • named the boys William McKinley, Theodore
Roosevelt and Marcus Hanna.
In the organization of the Democratic clubs in this
city all the slates went through as smoothly as if. they
had been tintypes.
THE CHINESE TERROR.
r\ S the great mass of information concerning
/ y Chinese matters given out since the terrible
outbreak of the Boxers at Peking is naturally
infused with the feeling of horror roused by reported
massacres, and so colored as to be subject to the sus
picion of misrepresentation, it is worth while to give
attention to such accounts of the Chinese as were
written before the feeling of abhorrence was aroused.
A valuable contribution of that kind to the subject
has just appeared in the \rork of A. R. Colquhoun,
who has made extensive travels in China and is
familiar with the situation that prevailed in Peking
up to the time of the insurrection.
He attributes much of the disturbance in China to
j the actions of the European nations in grasping for
j Chinese territory immediately after the war with
I Japan. After referring to the harmony which had
existed among the members of the foreign legations
at Peking up to the formation of the French and
Russian understanding, he says: "From that date
commenced a change. The happy family circle was
I broken up into cliques; mines and countermines were
I sprung; intrigues of all sorts spread bitterness and
! jealousy. The old-fashioned chronic questions of
j transit and audience gave way to fierce threats and
j demands for territory and special concessions. The
French and Russian Ministers alternated their daily
visits to the Tsung-li Yamen, and bullied, stormed
and threatened, until the Chinese — who looked in vain
for help from England — were completely cowed. > A
, rude awakening, indeed, from the old days of Sleepy
Hollow diplomacy. Concession hunters, syndicates
and adventurers flocked to Peking as vultures to a
carcass."
These aggressions naturally gave rise to discon
tents, which the Government was powerless to re
move or, to hold in subjection. The members of the
SPRING CASHMERE DRESS.
The dress represented Is of suede col
ored cashmere, cot In ttte princess style,
with yokes and sleeves of string color
guipure over white faille. Tfffe skirt Is
made with stitched pleats, opening at the
bottom, over a finely pleated cashmere
flounce to match. ' .
It is stated that the Treasury Department has ruled
that tips given to the porters of sleeping-cars are a
legitimate part- of official traveling expenses, and
rightly chargeable to the treasury; and it will now
be hard to draw the line against fees for the hotel
waiters and drinks for the "crowd."
cess and often with unexampled ferocity
for eleven years. It was not until the end
of 1S79 that the authorities, partly by mil
itary energy, partly by terms of compro
mise, succeeded In quelling the rebellion.
LAND IN* CALIFORNIA— Subscriber.
Wlnne. Tex. Each of the following named
United States land offices In California
will furnish you a plat of the territory
within Its limits showing the land open to
homestead entry; Humboldt. Humboldt
County; Independence. Inyo County; Loa
Angeles/ Los Angeles County: Marysvllle,
Yuba County. Redding. Shasta County:
Sacramento, Sacramento County; San
Francisco: Stockton. San Joaqu!n County;
Susanville. Lassen County, and Visalfa.
Tulare County. The charge by each land
office for a plat Is $1.
C74 54. She asks for the Immediate distri
bution to her of 250 shares of the Mutual
Savings Bank stock: 500 shares of the
Eastern Oregon Land Company: 200
shares of the Dalles Military Wagon
road; 100 shares of the Pacific Telegraph
and Telephone Company, nnd 973 shares
of the capital stock of E. Martin & Co.
State Senator Flint Is at the Palace.
Judge F. D. Nlcol of Stockton Is a guest
at the Lick.
Congressman Marlon de Vrles Is a guest
at the Palace. «
B. M. Lelong of Sacramento Is regis
tered at the. Grand.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
is at the California."
S. N. Griffith, a well-known attorney of
Fresno. Is at the I-ick.
P. Dollman, manager of Napa 'Soda
Springs, is at the Lick.
Louis Aubrey, a mining expert of L03
Angeles, is nt the Grand.
B. F. Lute, owner of salt mines in Ne
vada, Is at the California.
T. I>. Reed, a prominent " rancher of
Reedley, is staying at the Gran^l. c
L. S. Alexander, a leading merchant of
"Watsonvllle, Is at the Occidental.
Ben U. Stelnman and wife of Sacra
mento are registered at the Palace.
George S. Kidney', a famous distiller of
Nashville, Tenn., Is at the Palace.
W. M. Burkhalter, a leading citizen of
Truckee, is registered at the Lick.
W. H. McCllntock. a prominent mining
superintendent, is a guest at the Lick.
Robert G. Barton, manager of the
Fresno Opera-house, is a guest at the
California.
Walter S. Parker is registered at the
Grand. 'Mr. Parker Is a member of the
State Board of Examiners.
A. F. Knudson and wife of Honolulu,
prominent citizens of the islands, are reg
istered at the Occidental en route to their
home.
C. D. Hazard, a wealthy mining man of
Plumas, has just returned from New
York, where he has been for the promo
tion of his properties. He Is registered at
the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
VICTORY in the first contest over the telephone
tax ordinance is with the people and the law
against the tax-shirking corporation. Presi
dent Sabin and Secretary Eaton having been ar
ie>ted as officers of the telephone company and
charged with violating the ordinance requiring a re
port of the number of telephone machines in use, and
al?o with failure to pay the license on nickel-in-the
slot attachments, met the charge by demurrer. The
case was heard by Judge Fritz. His decision over
ruled the demurrer and sustained the validity of both
the ordinances. The victory is therefore one of con
siderable importance, and will be so regarded not
only by the people but by the corporation that has
met with defeat in its efforts to evade the law.
In the fight against the ordinances the corporation
attorneys raised three points. First, that the ordi
nance imposing a tax on nickel-in-the-slot machines
does not apply to telephones: second, that it was re
pealed by the later ordinance providing that for each
telephone instrument a quarterly license of 50 cents
mu«t be paid: and. third, that the telephone corpora
tion has a license to transact telephone business and
that it cannot do so without the use of the nickel-in
the-slot attachment.
In overruling: each of these points the decision of
the Judge is clear, logical and consistent with the law.
He upheld the plain meaning of the original ordi
nance that nickc!-:n-the-?!ot machines shall be taxed,
declared that a slot attachment is not an essential
part of a telephone instrument and is therefore rightly
subject to a separate tax, and. finally, that the tele
phone corporation car.not claim that such slot ma
chines are necessary to the conduct of a telephone
business. On that point the Judge said: "The court
is very clearly of the opinion, as has been stated be
fore, that the nickel-in-the-slot attachments are not
nccc«ari'y a part of the telephone business; that it
is of great ns? istance to the telephone company in the
collection of money, r.ut it is clearly possible that the
company can carry en its business without the as
siftar.ee of these nickel-in-the-slot attachments. To
cite an instance in that regard: A cigar dealer or a
saloon-keeper pays a license to conduct his business
as such cigar dealer or saloon-keeper: he is also
taxed and pays a license upon each and every nickel
in-the-slot machine he has in his place. It is no more
necessary for the telephone company to have nickel
in-the-slot attachments than it is necessary for the
cigar dealer or saloon-keeper to have nickel-in-the
slot machines in his place of business."
There will be an sppeal to a higher court, of
course, for tax-shirking is too profitable a trick to be
abandoned so long as it is possible to evade the law.
The telephone corporation will fight a long time
rather than pay taxes. Nevertheless the decision of
Judge Fritz is one on which the public can be con
gratulated. The Judge has done his duty in defiance
of all the influence and power of a giant corporation,
and merits the cordial approval of the people.
THE TELEPHONE TAX CASES
PROBATE REFORM.
OUT of the exposure, confession and punish
ment of the wretches who have criminally
worked the probate courts there should issue
a reform that will touch others who work the same
courts professionally. After all, Chretien took only
a cut across lots to the same result that is reached
by the regular road, as far as estates and rightful heirs
are concerned.
Indeed, it is probable that Chretien learned the cut
off by long following the regular road.
Estates remain in court, under deliberate and long
drawn out probate, their distribution is delayed and
tl.eir substance wasted, until the heirs find themselves
despoiled as effectually as if the victims of the perjury,
forgery and substitution of which Chretien stands
convicted.
The dockets of our courts are full of cases in pro
bate in which rich estates have dwindled down to the
size of the professional fees and court costs. •
The Judges themselves have been moved to rebuke
these abuses, and it :s time that the bench put a stop
to them.
Having exposed the criminal processes by which
cftatcs are robbed by fraud, we now insist that there
be reform in the mcar.s by which they are deplete-i
through regular proce=?es. This reform involves the
exposure of the system by which certain attorneys
search for ways and means to break into rich estates
and fracture wills thu dispose of them.
Trie history of the estate of Dr. Merritt in Oak
land may be taken as a sample. In such cases a sort
of joint stock attack is made. The lay promoters get
a certain percentage, and the professional adviser gets
another, the estate gets depleted, and the rightful
beneficiaries get tired.
ONE of the most attractive programmes ever put
forward by a contributor to the Merchants'
Association Review is contained in an article
in the current number on "A Park System for San
Francisco," by George Hansen. The project is alto
gether too extensive to be considered as a practical
proposition, at any'rate for the present, but none the
less ft merits consideration as a suggestion of a com
prehensive programme along which improvements
may be made for years to come.
As a first point of importance to be noted in plan
ning new parks and boulevards Mr. Hansen directs
attention to the lack of direct and commodious com
munication between different sections of the muni
cipality. He says: "Market street should have
swung into Mission at Eighth street, thence into San
Jose avenue, and should have widened into a grand
boulevard southward through San Mateo County.
Instead of that, the latter avenue narrows at one place
into a thoroughfare of sixty feet width. Montgom
ery avenue should have ended at the Ferry building.
The now proposed widening of Washington street, to
relieve the congestion of traffic in this overcrowded
district, will be as much of a makeshift as the unfor
tunate cut through Second street. The former will
not connect the* manufacturing districts with North
Beach any more than the latter opened traffic toward
the Potrero."
For the purpose of serving the double benefit of
parks and of broad avenues it is suggested that a
park area should be provided for the district south
of Mission street on lines similar to the panhandle.
These thoroughfares, Mr. Hansen says, would touch
the manufacturing districts, full room would be given
for trucks and traffic during the week, and they would
serve on holidays for use as boulevards, while at all
times they would afford shade on hot days and recrea
tion grounds in the evening.
for the rest Mr. Hansen would have the city save
as parks all the commanding and picturesque sites of
the city. "Every knoll of prominence, every piece of
ground expensive to build upon, should be set aside
for a reservation." Telegraph Hill is cited as the
most important place of that kind, but other points
of scenic beauty are also specified as localities that
should be saved for the park system.
Another interesting feature of the programme is a
suggestion for connecting the city with the country
to the south. Mr. Hansen says: "Neither Mission
road, with its severe artificial grade, nor San Jose
avenue, with a double line of car tracks upon its nar
row width, affords a desirable connection and outlet
to our neighboring county. The best way to overcome
this difficulty is to establish a grand boulevard en
circling the hills of the Potrero and swinging around
Bernal Heights, entirely ignoring the present line of
the abortive San Bruno road. This boulevard should
seek the contours of Islais Creek, with its grand suc
cession of noble outlines. In this creek San Fran
cisco, and more especially the Mission, finds the de
velopment of wonderful scenery. This boulevard
would traverse property which is now marketed at a
discount, and it would turn ever)' foot along its line
into desirable holdings."
It will be conceded that the programme is attrac
tive. There is a possibility of making San Francisco
the most picturesque city in the world and providing
for easy access to all her noble hills. How best .to
accomplish that is a subject that we cannot too soon
begin to study, for every year of delay will of course
increase the ultimate cost of any improvement under
taken.
A GRAND PARK PROGRAMME.
By way of a, pleasing summer variation from the
usual run of editorials on the political situation and
the war in China, the press of New England is en
gaged in discussing whether the girls of to-day make
as {?ood wives as those "of fifty years ago, and it is
satisfactory to note there is a consensus that they do.
GREAT MODERN^ACTIVITY 'IN THE EXTENSIVE BUSINESS OF FURNISH
ING READY MADE GOVERNMENTS FOR OTHER PEOPLES.
BY EX-SENATOR FRANK H. SHORT.
UNQUESTIONABLY one of the
most extensive lines of business
activity in modern times has
been and is the furnishing by one
people or nation to another ready-made
governments.,
This, business can hardly be called mod
ern except In so* far as it has Been car
ried on upon new lines and for alleged
new purposes; otherwise it is the most
ancient and primitive occupation of man.
There has hardly been a nation In all his
tory that has not engaged in this practice
and that has not also resented it when
there has been an attempt to force it to
take its own medicine. The Greeks suc
cessfully resisted it at Marathon and un-
I successfully attempted it at Syracuse. The
Romans successfully opposed It at Metu
rua and successfully upheld. and enforced
Hfcon a hundred bloody battle-fields. In
comparatively modern times it found its
• most legitimate and successful fields in
partitioning and dividing among the
anointed of the old world the pastoral do
minion of the savage tribes of the newly
discovered Western world. In its original
stages this was hardly the furnishing of
government, but was merely appropriating
territory but little* occupied and indefinite
ly possessed; but It ripened into a wider
field, until It was high tide In the history
of colonial governments near the middle
of the eighteenth century.
The imperial system of government was
most complete, permanent and universal
under imperial Rome. It was most widely
diffused Just before the Revolutionary
war, when England. Spain and France
held undisputed dominion over the West
ern world. It reached Its Don Quixotic
and most absurd stage when two Kings
} by divine right divided the world between
j them. Why they divided it I can never
understand; it would have been so much
more sensible for each to have taken it
al L
] The policy originally was avowedly for
the glory and benefit of the conquering
power. In its later development it has
been largely changed to a policy claimed
for the benefit of the conquered or the
governed people. Nations and individuals
have done many noble and unselfish
| things. That one nation ever took and
l.governed another for the other's profit and
good nobody believes, but It has been so
pretended a thousand times, which shows
that we have not only advanced in many
other things, but have also greatly devel
oped in hypocrisy. The new world proved
a reactionary field in the line of govern
ment by the consent of the governing, and
very soon It repudiated the governments
so kindly furnished it by the old world
monarchs, and one by one the communi
ties of the Western world took their places
j among the "free and independent nations
i of the earth." This rendered It obviou|ly
necessary for those nations government-
I ally inclined not only to govern them
i selves but to govern others to look
I around for a new world to conquer. But
not finding any, they did not foolishly,
like Alexander, give up in despair, but
• concluded to govern again the older parts
| of the old world. And It Is this new phase
j of an old subject that we are to consider.
I Not wishing to be theoretical, but prac
tical, v/e will consider, not. Is It rlght?'ls
it founded in principle? or la it just? but,
will It pay or has it paid?
It may be conceded that Imposed gov
ernments are not always worse than those
they have supplanted. That an Imposed
j government Is always a bad government
cannot be doubted, but in comparison as
to badness it may not be the worst.
Imposed, or carpetbag governments,
can only be excused on the ground of tem
porary necessity, or the existence: locally,
of Fuch a low and depraved condition of
men that any form of government will be
better than they will give themselves. It
may thus be excused; whether justified.
Is another question. A comparison be
tween carpetbag governments Is always
a comparison between bad governments.
The government in Canada, Australia.
( India and Kgypt may be pointed to with
| pride in comparison with the government
in Cuba under Spanish rule, or other mis
managed colonial enterprises, or even the
degenerate Oriental form of government
previously existing. But it Is not, and will
not be pretended that they are comparable
with any respectable form of self govern
ment, or that they are capable of develop
| ment Into really high or meritoriously
i good governments at all. We will not have
to argue with nny American who is an
American that the only form of govern
ment correct In principle or true In form
Is a «elf government, and local self gov
ernment at that. Such governments have
been demonstrated as capable of develop
ing the greatest national strength and
unity, and the greatest individual liberty
and advancement. Self government is not
tested by its form, but by whether it is
by one people for themselves, or by one.
people for another, un the one hand.
• it may be conceded that Imposed Rovern
i ments are not always worse than those
they have supplanted, or immeasurably
bad. On the other iiand. it cinnot be con
tended that they are good governments.
1 or can ever become good governments In
| principle or in fact. We may, therefore,
discuss the question, do they pay ttwse
i who impose them? Not do they pay those
I they are imposed upon, because that
I would be a useless discussion. Whether
they pay the governed or not signifies
nothing because whether they wish such
a government or not they cannot escape
the benefactors of their loving but in
sistent fellow men. But does it pay one
people or one government to Impose ita
go\ernmcnt or authority upon another.
It is not our intention to enter into a de
tailed discussion of this matter, since thin
article is written for another purpose, and
the title and previous remarks are but a
j prelude to the consideration of another
| subject.
It may be admitted that England has
long pursued the policy of furnishing gov
ernments to those who did not object too
forcibly, and with moderate success: and
that England's wealth, prestige nnd power
to-day place them In the front rank of
nations. But she does not possess greater
wealth, prestige or iwwer than the I'nitel
States, and nothing like their national
unity or strength.- The conditions of .ill
other' colonial powers Is that they are
either weakened, dying or dead. With
the sole exception of England, the only
nations to-day possessing vigor, strength
or the elements of national greatness are
those whose characteristics are chiefly
central and national, and whose really Im
portant possessions are all contiguous.
To-day the nations of the world stand
contemplating the greatest problem In the
line of deciding to Impose or not to Im
pose a form of government upon a people
that the world ever contemplated. • In
all things except military strength and
active governmental functions. China to
day has the right of all nations to be
called a nsijion. It was a nation before
the Egyptians, the Chaldeans or the Jews
had founded those governments, some of
which are now but dimlv traceable In
our histories of antiquity. Some of China's
greatest national achievements had been
accomplished, and some of her greatest
philosophers had taught and passed away,
before our ancestors commenced to run
wild in the woods of Saxony and Brittany.
Continuously and coherently wltbr a dis
tinct civilization, systems of religion,
philosophers and schools, the Chinese peo
ple have within themselves, nnd for them
selves, continued to maintain a govern
ment with greater length of years and
stability of character than any other
people-. So much so that they alone can
claim a contemporaneous existence with
all other races and all other nations, and
to embrace all history. But China admit
tedly has not progressed. She has been
content within herself and for herself to
pursue the even tenor of her wav.
Whether this was wise or unwise, ad
mittedly, according to the law of nations,
was nobody's business but her own. If
she wanted her own religion and nobody
else's that was a matter for her: others
could proffer her, perhaps should proffer
her theirs, but could not and should not
attempt to force her to accept.
If, Instead of modern Inventions and
modern Improvements she preferred her
own antiquated ways and methods, un
doubtedly the right lay with her to
choose. But being an existing nation, but
supposed to possess neither natural re
resentment nor national strength, nations
have for years treated her as beneath
contempt, not according her the respect
due the living or the dead. In fact, it !¦»
pretty near true that China as a nation
has been for a long time dead, but was
unconscious of the fact. The same as
sumption as to the Chinese people has re
cently proved to be quite erroneous. The
world stands amazed at what has hap
pened, horrified at what probably has
happened. If all that now appears to be.
true Is true, history furnishes no paral
lel to the awful disregard for the rlghfs
and comity of nations and of humanity
that has occurred in China. Nothing that
has previously occurred or could have oc
curred would excuse or palla*? it. That
it must be avenged, and that blood must
atone for blood, nobody doubts. The Chi
nese nation must pay for Its complaisance
If not Its connivance. But beyond that,
what then? It may be in the fullness of
time, and In the great aggregation of
things, it will work to a beneficial end.
But for us and for our children, what
good can come of this rousing of on>?
third of the human race, and the awful
blood atonement that may follow?
We are told there ore markets there.
What kind of markets and for whom?
The Chinese labor In Its skill, industry
nnd Imitations equals any other on earth,
as oil of- us who 'have observed It know.
That as a. producer by labor, it Is upon
an equality with all others. That as a
consumer. It is no more at the most In
the proportion of one to five is also evi
dent. Does anybody doubt that if China
is ¦ opened up to competition with the
world's labor It will open up and com
pete? Docs anybody doubt that they can
acquire a* good machinery and operate
It as well as anvbody else? "Where, then.
Is tne safe and permanent market for
labor? Where the benefit to the rest of
mankind? The opening up of China for a
market for the worlds labor is about as
sane a proposition as cuttinjc the levy of
a reservoir with a water levee ten feet
above an adjacent ditch to drain the
water from the ditch Into the reservoir.
Some special commodities we may fur
nish China, but whenever the rest of the
world commences to supply China with
the standard products of labor and dem
onstrates that It can permanently hoM
the market. It will be time for the world
to take a rest and stop going round.
An American market for American labor
has proven pood In the past and la safa
for the future. But above alt thlnsja, we
should not think we can long sell the
products of American labor to the most
imitative and in time equally skillful anl
the cheapest and most servile In tm*
world. But China Is likely to be openel
up. Thousands of foreigners have beta
massacred, including probably the Mint*
ters, envoys of all nations. Doubtless a
great and" peculiarly deplorable war wi.l
follow. Hundreds of million? of dollar*
will be expended and thousands of guilty
men and thousands of innocent men, wo
men and children will perish
In summing up who Is to blame, can it
all justly be charged to the Manchurian
fanatics and assassins? Have the nations
accorded to the Chinese nation and the
Chines- people treatment comparable wit ii
what they exact for themselves and us-
Drily accord to each other? Since th*
opium war. which for diabolical commer
cialism stands unrivaled, ami by which
th-it deadVi- druif was forced upon the
Chinese nonatlol big or .little, has pre
tended to respect the plainest rights ot
China or Chinamen. If the nations want
ed to trade with China, they have •forced
It. If th»y wanted to send missionart^.
thev sent u replment to enforce their re
cention If they wanted a treaty conce*
sefnihoy demanded it. and China must
accept it as the price of P«ace If the.
wanted • POTt. they »> onibar l i5* _ ft - thl .V.
they wanted to construct a railway the,
built it at the cannon s mouth. If tne>
wanted a province, they occupied It b>
military force. If they wanted »ndemnlt> .
they took it. right or * 'rongf. As f* 1 ""^
Innumerable Insult? and indignities (ex
cept once or twice by this country out of
a sense -of moral obligation) no apology
or reparation was ever made or thought
Of. ' ' . .»»,» >«ml!v nt m.
For several yrara past the fanH»> of na
tion?, with treaties recognizing China as
a nation and with minister* accredited to
h*r court, have be-en openly and Inten
tionally discussing terms of trade
they would accord tfl t-ach other as t»
China, and how and upon what termj
they -would keep her door open. The more
common practice recently however, has
been for the brotherhood of international
vultures (from which happily we have
alone been excepted> to treat China as« a.
rorpse and one and all they have stood
around Rrowlini? at rr.ch other and dls;
agreeing aa'to how they should cut up
the corpse. Russia was conceded the hmu
quarter of the north: England, with a
good eye for tr^od herf. was to tnke thw
sirloin from the center, and France was
to be satisfied with the fore quarters. sup»
posed to be to the soi:th. Japan wanted
It all but would take vrhat the others did
not. Germany was to have a erood his
roast from the lion's share, and several
smaller but would-be vultures were ex
pected to clear away the offal. There they
stood whettinsr thHr beaks and llcklnsf
their chop?, while we were content to
look through the "open door." Is It to b©
so much wondered at that the dragon
opened its mouth and closed It on all that
happened to be on ths Insld"?
In view of this plain and unexaeeeratert
statement of the fart* can we say. "my
Christian friends." that the powera have
not caught a live Tartar because they
tried to poach on a supposedly dead one?
Are the misjrutded. brutal fanatics of th»
Orient alone to blam- 1 that the world is
apain to be cursed «lth the scourtre of
war? Not the inspiring tusr of war when
Greek meets Greek, but the most brutal,
revengeful, cruel war that ever cursed
the earth; war bepin.* In massacre and
must end In disaster tr» all concerned- Tn
the lone run of thine*, does It pay?
Was the jrreat Teacher mistaken, ev»n
In a business «ense. when he said: "Do
uvtft others as yon w.uld that others
should do unto you"?
Tsn't it a wise man nnd aNo a wise peo
ple that live up to the doctrine "mind
vour own business " , which compels or at
least permits th» other fellow to mind his?
May we not prmw too practical even for
practical purpose*, and may we not falnt
lv hore tbat hv and by mankind will learn
that lihprtv Includes the richt to be oecu
llar and different, and al*o the rljrht of
each of the preat family of rations t^ de
terrojne these things for themselves?
Most potent, however, of all artruments.
may we nor learn the lesson that all his
tory has tried In vain -to teach, that Jt
doesn't ray fnr one r.ntlon to try to pov
ern another without the other's* rnnsent?
SATURDAY JULY 2I « _^oo
JOHN^L). SPRE.CKELS, Proprietor,
/ddress All Communics'ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
51 A X AGKR'S OFFICE . . .^... . Tglgplumf *****? J"PJ
PtllLICATIOS OKFICB..M«rU«-t mid Third. 9. F.
Telephone l're«» Ml.
EDlTOniAL IIOOMS 21T «o 221 SteT«niOB St.
Telephone Prf»» 2OS.
Delivered tir Orrlrr-. IB Ont« Per Week.
Mnclr foplM. K C(lt».
T,rni« by Mall. Inolndlnc Vnmtnttnt
DAIL.T CAI-L. nncludlr.s Sundnjr). one year *•¦»>
DA1LT CAM, «lnclu<5lnr Sunday). « months J-VJ
DAILY CALL «lnclu«!lnt Sunday), I month* J-W
UATLY CAI.1 By SIr.de Month «5C
BIXDAT CALK On* T>«r }•*»
WKEKLT CA1X. One Year *- ou ,
All poitmaitert are ruthorleed to recelre
¦nbaerlptlon*.
Sample ccple» will t>« forwarded when requested.
Hail fub«er5b<T* In orflertns change of addresa should be
particular to five both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
I .
UK « vrif ovnrn* -*R Montgomery, corner of Clay. ©r»n
cnttl 1:30 O'clock. ICO Hayet. cpen until t:SO o'clock. tSI
McAllister, open until S:M o'clock. CIS Larlcln. cpen until
» X0 o"clock. :ut Mission, epen until 10 o'clock, »!M Market.
rorner Sixteenth, open until > o'clock. 10M Valencia, open ;
until t o'clock. 10* Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW oor- j
r.er Twenty-aeccnd and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
THE Democratic platform this year contains
some features more objectionable to Democrats
than that of 1S96.
Certain features in it indicate the insidious invasion
of the party councils by those sinister principles
which, pretending the elevation of man, mean the de
struction of government.
At the close of our Revolution there were expressed
some extreme views on the subject of government.
The period of incubation of a representative Democ
racy, which occurred under the old Confederacy, had
by 1789 produced a public opinion that was the
matrix of the constitution. That opinion favored just
what 'Jefferson wrote into his first inaugural, which
was the Democratic creed until 1896, when the party
was inoculated by a strange virus, made up of a. mix
ture of the views of Fourier, Karl Marx arrcl the
anarchists, socialists and nihilists, who, while differing
in motives and methods, all focus and agree up ! on the
destruction of government in all its existing forms.
Inasmuch as the Kansas City platform accuses the
Republican party of imperial views and sounds the
alarm to rouse public fear over such a change in our
system of government as imperialism implies, it 13
well to see what change is introduced by carrying the
Democratic platform into effect. .
In i8\>5 the party was toying with the influence
which is against all government, and gratified it by
proposing to destroy the courts and take away the
judicial protection of property. That was gratifying
to all the nihilistic cults in the country, for, as
we have said, they all agree upon the destruction of
government. —
But the party in 1896 could not be persuaded to
adopt the phraseology of the destroyers, which they
have selected as a lure to the American voter, because
it flatters him by ascribing to him the capacity to act
executively, legislatively and judicially. At Kansas
City, however, this last step was taken and the plat
form demands "direct legislation." That is the refer
endum. It was proposed to the Populist National
Convention of 1892 by a small anarchist and socialist
group therein, but was rejected. The Populists in
1896 actopted it, however, and now, four years later,
the Democracy takes it from them.
Direct legislation means something, and what it
means should be inquired into. Its purpose was
amply divulged in the stormy discussion of it which
agitated the Populist party during the four years in
which that organization was falling under the in
fluence of the furies and fusionists who are now sup
porting Mr. Bryan. ,
It mean?, primarily, the abolition of Congress and
the formulation of legislation by direct vote of the
people. Its advocates found it easy to get converts
to the substitution of Congress, but they found that
even then the courts and the constitution were in the
way. The courts pass upon acts of Congress, and it
found obnoxious to the constitution they are void.
The real quarrel of the proponents of direct legislation
being with the constitution, they expanded their at
t;:ck so as to leave no check upon direct legislation.
It is to be sacred. No judicial limitation is upon it.
It takes the place of Congre??, the courts and the
constitution. If the courts survive it. their decisions
are not to stand unless ratified by direct popular vote.
In another respect an important constitutional check
is removed. The system abolishes the veto.
It will be seen that the Kansas City platform pro
poses to complete the work of destruction that was
outlined at Chicago. When its policy is in action all
judicial protection of the rights of person and prop
j erty will be destroyed, and these will be subject to the
I passions of an inflamed majority.
Mr. JcfTerson was a stout defender of rule by the
majority, but he by no means ignored the rights of
the minority,* lie recognized the fact that, by taking
sovereignty from one and conferring it upon the
majorit3\ there was no change wrought in the nature
of man, and that the" majority might act the tyrant
as the king had. Therefore, in the Declaration of
Independence, he set up the doctrine of the "inalien
able rights" of man— rights sacred against kings and
majorities alike — and in his first inaugural he said
that the rule of the majority to be right must be rea
sonable. Under our system the courts, and they
! alone, rationalize the acts of the majority as these
I finally appear in the laws passed by Congress. But
j the Democrats propose to do away with the courts
I and leave no authority to rationalize, to make rea
1 sonable. the rule of the majority.
It is the most revolutionary proposition that has
; yet been made. Within its possibility anarchy
j marches, torch in hand, and nihilism sneaks with poi
j son in its fist for use in the springs whereat popular
I government has been refreshed.
The Democratic army marches to battle crying
I "Down with Imperialism," with its purpose written
! to substitute anarchy for government.
ABOLISHING GOVERNMENT.
Government made use of the usual tactics of '. the
.weak, and tried by various evasions to placate both
the foreigners and the turbulent element among the
Chinese. Like every one else who was in the empire,
Mr. Colquhoun saw -the alarming condition of affairs
and did what he could to arouse attention to the rap
idly augmenting danger.
Speaking of the situation he said in 1899: "Entire
provinces, especially in the Yangtse region, are seeth
ing with revolt, which meets with hardfy any opposi
tion. Nominally still alive and in full operation, the
organism of the Chinese Government is hardly per
ceptible, and is unable to cope with foreign aggres
sions, barely sufficing to keep in restraint the three
hundred and fifty millions of its own people. The
most cursory glance at any map showing the railway
schemes and spheresof interest or influence, or what
ever they may be called, of foreign powers must shat
ter any belief in a responsible or organic Government
in China. The trail of the foreigner is on the land
from north to south. The Western powers have come
to stay, and the extension of the present spheres is
merely a matter of time. Internally the forces making
for rebellion on a grand scale are daily gaining
strength, and once they realize that no power exists
to suppress them will usurp in vast regions the office
of government. In a word, China is being dismem
bered and broken up."
We are perceiving in a startling way the fulfillment
of those words. The Chinese Government has gone
to pieces. The "civilized powers have entered the
empire to stay. Whether they will divide it or at
tempt to govern it as a whole is something which
events will be more potent in determining than all
the plans of diplomatists. In the meantime it is to
be remembered throughout all the difficulties that will
confront civilized men in settling the enormous
problem that it was their own aggressions and greed
that precipitated the conflict.
There Is Money In It.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,. JULY 21, 1900.
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
HENARIE'S WIDOW ASKS
FOR HALF HIS ESTATE
She Demands the Immediate Dis
tribution to Her: of Properties
"Worth a Fortuned .'»'-..».
Mary A. Henarie, widow of the late T>.
¦V. B. Henarie. has petitioned the Superior
Court to distribute to her one-half of
decedent's estate. Mrs. Her.arle avers
that all of the property involved is com
munity property, having been acquired
by her husband since their marriage,
which was solemnized December 24. IR54!
Though disinherited by her husband, who
failed to mention her in his will, she de
mands distribution to her of one-half of
all the property,_which Is valued at $382,-
+ Next Sunday's Call, in its 4
? special Chinese edition, will ?
> give you a better idea of how £
? and where the Boxer move- +
+ ment began than any other >^
? publication printed. Also +
+ special articles from Ho Yo-w
>¦ —exclusive prints of . the +
? . frightful Chinese tortures da- +
? picted by a Chinese artist— +
+ the* awful scenes now being -4
? enacted in the Celestial King- ~t
? dom as told b^ an eye witness -f
+ who cams in on the last steam- "*"
-f er— pictures and other articles £
+ on the Chinese crisis without *»
+ number. Tha Sunday Call *"
+ leads, others follow — if they ¦>-
-f can. "'¦"".
NEW YORK, July 20.-J. W. Edwards
of Sah Francisco is at the Waldorf and
J. G. Moran of Oakland Is at the Nether
land.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
6
DIVORCE LAW-L., Crockett, Cal. The
shortest period of time that a person
must reside In a State of the Union before
commencing an action for divorce is six
months. The States In which that limit
Is fixed are Idaho, Nebraska. Nevada,
South Dakota, Texas and Wyoming.
WAR IN CUBA— S. D. W.. City. By the
question, "What was the date of the ten
year war in Cuba?" is probably meant the
Insurrection known as the "creole-negro
insurrection." That broke out in 1S«3. The
struggle was carried on with varying sue-
"Ton better look out. Sam — dem water-
mrloiis is p'izened ."' *u.v- i r.
"Well, dey do say life ain't wurth IMn*
nohow, so heah goes fer one!"— Atlanta
Constitution.
Faded hair recovers Its youthful color and
softness by th» use of Parker's Hair Ealsam.
Hlndercorr.s. the br*t cure for corns. 13 eta.
Use Dr. Slesrerfs Angostura Bitters, th- worU
renowned South American appetizer and inv!g<
orator of exquisite flavor. 1
SHOUT
ON FAITH
"I ain't Rwlne 'cross de ocean ter no
Paris Expersltlon." said Brother Dickey,
"ka«e ef I didn't have money 'nough ter
fotch me hack I ain't Kot faith 'nough ter
walk on water."— Atlanta Constitution.
Special Information *upp!!e<l dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 .Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main IMS. •
Townsend's Cal. glared fruits. Brtc a
lb. tn fire etched boxes or Jap baskets.
659 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
New Peanut crisps at Townsend's. •
Delicious alacuma at Townsend's. •
Fine butter log at Townsend's.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll C>hn— This day. »t 2 o'clock. Furniture, at 773
Clavt'or. ftrert.
By Cha?*> & Mendenhall-Thursday. July 16. at 11 o'clock,
Trotiiruc and Woik Unrt**. at 1782 Market Etr<>ft.
Orpheun— VtaflevUle.
Orar.<l Opora -house— "Th* Gmat Ruby."
California— "At «»>• Coney Island."
Columbia— "The L'.ars."
T:vo!S~"Warc--'
Alcazar— "Incomar." .
(Xympia. corner Mason an<3 Ed<3y streets— Pp#<\!altt<»s.
<Thute». Zoo and Tbratw— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eve-niTTfi.
Fischer'*— "Antnmn Leaves."
iJ«vrfr«t!on l'ark— IJattebull.
Croidpn G«.t<? 1U!1- nxMbitlon of Palntinc.
Bath* — Ojwn nights.
AMUSEMENTS.NEEDLES. July 20.— The heaviest rain
of the season fell last night, attended by
eharp lightning and preceded by a terriflc
wind storm which destroyed a few shade
trees. Several business houses are flooded
and the streets somewhat damaged. The
torrent lasted two hours. Two steamers
broke from their anchorage and stuck in
the mud in the middle of the stream. The
precipitation was one and a tenth Inches.
Ko damage to the railroads is reported.
Randsburg X.ine a Failure.
SACRAMENTO. July 2O.-The State
Board of Equalization to-day considered
the Randsburg- Railroad, a line 29.66 miles
long running- into the Randsburgr mining
district, which was built at the time of
the Randsburg boom arrd first operated
in January two years ago. • The mines
are now all shut down except one, and
counsel for the road j states that there Is
no hope ahead for a continuance of the
line unless there Is some unforeseen
change In the situation. The report shows
a deficit, includnlg the amount paid out
on account of interest on bonds, of $3411 66 ,
for last year. I
Heavy Downpour of Bain, Attended
by Lightning.
STORM AT NEEDLES.
Dentist George W. Milton of Cripple
Creek Claims Half Interest in
the Property.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. July 20. -The
title to forty acres of ground in the heart
of Stratton's Independence mine is at
tacked by a suit filed in the District Court
of Teller County this afternoon. The suit
Is entitled "George W. Milton, plaintiff,
vs. Stratton's Independence, Ltd.. a con
poratlon organized in Great Britain and
doing business in the State of Colorado,
defendant."
The plaintiff, who Is a dentist of Cripple
Creek, claims the ownership of a half in.
terrst in the forty acres comprising th<i
"Wilson Creek placer, which Is embraced
in the property sold in London about &
year ago by W. S. Stratton for $10,000,000.
• ,
TITLE OF STRATTON'S MINE
ATTACKED BY A SUIT
DENVER, July 20.— Edwin D. Chadick
and W. K. Trasher of Chicago submitted
to the executive council uf tne American
Federation of Labor to-day u plan which
they are confident will result in the speedy
settlement of the great building and
trades strike in Chicago. The council,
after listening to the propositions of th*e
gentlemen and reading the documents
they had brought to show that they rep
resented many of the wealthiest men in
Chicago, appointed Messrs. Kidd and Len
non to investigate the proposal thorough
ly.
Mr. Chadick and Mr. Trasher repre
sent a new company, known as the Labor
and Guarantee Association. Neither they
nor the members of the council will
divulge the plan proposed.
"All 1 can say in regard to the matter,"
said Mr. Chadick. "Is that the associa
tion proposes to act as an intermediary
between trr.i>loyers and employes, and
our method of procedure will be submitted
to the council In a full report by the sub
committee appointed for that matter. We
proceed on lines entirely different^ from,
anything btfore su^g-ested. We propose
to introduce an entirely new method of
dealing with labor troubles.
••We want tne indorsement of the coun
cil." continued Air. tnaoicK, "tor without
It the plan and the purposes of the asso
ciation would fail. \V> are particularly
interested in the Chicago building trades
strike and cannot make known our plan
until we Ket the indorsement, for fear of
beinc forestalled in Chicago. Our lirsi
work, cf course, would be in Chicago, but
the association would, if successful, ex
tend its scope so as to make it national in
character."
Vice President Max Morris, who was
Instructed to confer with Superintendent
Dyer, of the Colorado and Southern Hall
road, in reference to the trouble between
the Order of Railway Telegraphers and
that company, reported to the council that
the superintendent had agreed to meet a
committee from the Railway Telegraph
ers" Union, but the committee must be
from men connected with his road. Mr.
Morris believes that the conference, will
result in the adjustment of existing diffi
culties.
The council took up the matter of the
American agents, whose charter was re
voked at the last convention of the fede
ration, and by resolution President Gomp>
ers was instructed to notify all local labor
unions that thpy will not be allowed rep
resentation in the federation as long as
they remain in any way connected with
the American agents, which the council
declares is not a bona fide labor organiza
tion. The tjboo in the association em
braces local sales agents of small manu
factured articles, insurance agents and
agents of all lines of that character.
Declare They Will Introduce a Meth
od Never Before Employed in
the Handling of Labor
Troubles.
Representatives of a New
Company Are Sanguine
of Success.
PLAN FOR THE
SETTLEMENT OF
CHICAGO STRIKE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Drafts, on
Chicago and New York banks will be Is
sued to depositors in the mint at San
Francisco and the assay office at Seattle.
Director Roberts of the mint has Isaued
this order for the benefit of returning gold
miners. The ordinary course is to pay
gold coin in San Francisco and coin or
checks on the local depositories at Seattle.
When the assay office was opened at Seat
tle payments were made by Eastern
drafts exclusively, as the depositors there
desired, but the San Francisco commer
cial and banking interests protested,
maintaining it was discrimination in favor
of Seattle, since Eastern exchange on the
coast is usually worth about II 25 per
thousand premium. This attracted the
miners with their bullion to Seattle. On
account of San Fraacisco's objection this
plan was abandoned, although at some in
convenience to the CJovernment as well aa
to the local public. Now the two cities
have been placed on an equal basis.
The objection to doing this ordinarily is
that it amounts to a transfer of funds
from the sub-treasury of Chicago and of
New York to the sul>-treasury In San
Francisco. When a payment is made
there in gold coin for bullion received
there is no accumulation of money as
would ordinarily result were payment
made by drafts on Chicago and New York
For the present, however, the Government
will have to make such large disburse
ments in San .'Francisco on account of
troops equipping- for China that this ob
jection does not hold. Probably 520,ojo (KW
will be paid out there in this manner
within the next four months.
Estimate That $20,000,000 Will Be
Paid for Equipping Troops Here
During the Next Four
Months.
Director Makes New Order
for Accommodation of
Gold Miners.
DEPOSITORS IN
MINT WILL BE
PAID BY DRAFTS
ELECTION SHORTLY TO
BE HELD IN CUBA
Peccle Will Be Asked to Chose Dele-
gates to a Convention for the
Dravring c£ a Constitution.
WASHINGTON. July 20.— It is under
stood . that the Pre*id» rt and General
Wood have agreed on September 15 as the
time for holding the election in Cuba for
<Je!«-pate<= to the constitutional conven
tion to be calle-3 for the purpose of formu
lating a constitution for an independent
government for Cuba.
On the return of General Wood to Cuba
he will confer with the leaders of the
Cuban people as to the detail? of the elec
tion and as to what restrictions, if any,
thoiild be placed upon universal suffrage
In the inland. It is now hoped that the
constitutional convention will be held be
fore the end of the year, and if possible
as early as October li" Thpre is no doubt
that any constitution that may be formu
lated will be scrutinized carefully by the
Pr^ider.t. and r-ossibly by Cont?res«. be
fore it is allowed to go into operation, for
it is the wttled conviction of th* officials
that Cuba should not be permitted to make
treaties with forc-ipn nations except
through the I'nited States, nor should the
people be allowed to involve the island in
debt ur.k-F? authorized to do ao by this
Goverr-rcent.
TOSSED BY A BULL.
Ranch Hand Has a Narrow Escape
From Death.
6jt;*J Dippatr-h to The Ca!l.
LOS GATOS, July 20.— Al Fowler, who
works for J. J. Shaner on his ranch near
town, rad a narrow escajve from being
gored to death by an inluriated bull to
day. Fowler was out hunting doves when
the bull made lor him and knocked him
down and then tossed him twice in the
Fowler mar.aped to get hold of the bull
by the nose, to whicn he held for dear
life. He was about w> let go when a
your.g man nomine alur.j? drove the bull
away and rescued him. He i.« quite bartiy
irjured and suffering- from the severe
chock.
Windward Leaves Sydney.
NETV TORK, July 20.— Secretary H. E.
Bridgrnan of the Peary Arctic Club of
thip city received a nr^ppe from Captain
Bartlm of Sydney. C. H.. to the effect
that the Windward was just lea\-fng port
for Etah. North Greenland, headquarters
of the Pcarv expedition, and that ail on
board wr-re well. The Windward left this
port July 12 with provisions and muni
tions fr>T the Poary h/\adquarters. f.
FLOUR FROM YOKOHAMA.
Is Produced Much Cheaper Then?
Than on This Coast.
PORTLAND, Or., July 20.— J. C. Robin
son, a well-known mill man, has received
a sample of flour from a mill in Yoko
hama. The flour was manufactured from
a cargo of wheat sent from here several
months- ago and to all appearances Is a
first-class article. Along with the sample,
over Mhlch the Japanese are 5««emingly
quite proud, comes the statement that the
actual cost of the manufactured article
was on the basis of $2 30 per barrel at a
Pacific Coast point. As J2 50 per barrel is
the lowest figure yet reported for flour
sent to the Orient, it would seem from
this that the Japanese were in a fair way
to become active competitors for the flour
trade of the Orient.
» .
Oil Claims at Bolinas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 20.— The business of
locating oil claims on the Bolinas beach,
near Duxbury Reef, is progressing rapid
ly. To-day- two more claims were filed
with the County Recorder. One claim was
filed by the Columbia Oil Company and
the following names were attached to the
location notice: J. D. Morgan, J. A. Far
rell. A. C. Donnell. G. T. Ballard. W. O.
Wayraan and S. M. Donnell. The other
notice was filed by the Great Western OH
Company, the locatou being: J. D. Mor
gan. J. A. Faull. Hall McAllister. J. G.
i^err. John A. Benson, R. L. Brooks and
Joseph L. Travis.
Forfeit the Bond.
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— The United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Kighth
Circuit, in an opinion, holds that a surety
company does not have to pay the in
demnity provided iin its bond in case the
firm or individual' holding the bond vio
lates any of the agreements In the con
tract to which the signature has been ap
pended. The case at issue 'was that of
Rice Bros. & Nixon against the Fidel
ity and Deposit Company of Maryland.
A BOY'S NARROW ESCAPE FROM A HORRIBLE DEATH.
e^T? L'DLKY COFFEY, a lad fourteen
i/_\ years old. had a narrow escape
A A "from instant death in the freight
elevator at 518 Clay street yester
dav morning. He and another boy had
brought a roll of paper down from the
second floor on a truck and Audiey was
going ba^Jt with the empty vehicle when
the accident occurred. By somt means
the truck causht against an obstacle in
the elevator sh?-ft and tilted up. throwing
the boy to the iloor and falling upon him.
The truck was crushed and both of the
boy's legs were nearly taken off below the
knees.
Coffey was hurried to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, where Drs. Putnam and
Bau«r s*t the broken limbs. The bones in
the ri"ht l«-e were protruding through the
flesh while in the left leg the break was
rot fo bad. but the flesh was cut through
"I had taken a lot of paper down to the
street and was golr.g back to the printing
room." said young Coffey. "I work for
Phillips & Smyth and the elevator hoy's
name is Tony. There wa.s a girl In the
elevator with us. but as soon as I got
caught in the shaft Tony and the g'rl ran
away, making their escape through the
half opened elevator door, and left me
to care for myself. My screams attracted
the attention of the fruit man downstairs
and he came to my assistance. He got
uniler the elevator and lowered it to the
ground floor and then they sent me to the
hospital. I don't know ho%v the accident
occurred. I was sitting on the end of the
truck when suddenly it tilted and the
mxt minute I was caught between the
wail of the .shaft and the Hoor of the ele
vator."
The boy was taken to his home at 1M3
Buchanan street during the day .and a
doctor sent to the house by Phillips &
Smyth is now attending him. Ills father
server! three years as an engineer on the
cruiser Charleston and is well known on
the water front.
Special nirpatch to The Call
WATSOXVII.le. July n.-To-day
about the noon hour Miss Lottie
Downing, the 12-year-oM daugh
ter of Night Watchman Downing
of this city: Miss Mamie Dunn. 24 years
old. xh<> .laughter of T. F. Dunn of the
San "Francisco Land Offlce and a niece
of < x-Cor.trolW of State John P. Puna,
and John McGrath. the 16- year-old eon
cf J. A. McGrath of Santa i'lara and a
nephew of p. h. McGrath of the State
r.card of Examiners' Office, were drowned
in th<» waters of Monteroy Hay at Camp
Goodali. about five mik« frum this city.
The drowned p* rsons, with many other?.
were bathing at the beach and shortly
fcofore the unfortunate occurrence Miss
Downing. Mis? Dunn. Miss McGrath. John
McGrath and Eddie McAuliSfe ventured
*j\it about ZC5 feet from the shore and
before they knew it struck a large hole
which had b««n washed out by the tide
and strong undercurrent.
La vary Renshaw went to their issist
ano-? and he nimself was soon in danger.
S. Shot well and his son of Riverside, who
had been to the beach clam digging, went
to the assistance of the drowninz people
and so<->ri hai Renshaw, McAiiliffe and
Miss McGrath safe on the shore. The
othfr three unfortunates were beyond as
sistance and boob sank out of sight.
Scon after the news was brought to
Watsonville many people drove tA Camp
Goodali ar.d began a patrol of the beach,
hoping that incoming breakers would
wash a?h«:re the bodies of the dead, but
their wi?h<?« were in rain. .
To-night a large force of men is patrol
ling tTie beach from near Moss Landing
to ne.ir Apto?. It is not likely that the
bodies will be washed ashore, as the bot
t. :r. of the bay at this point contains
many deep gullies and shelves filled with
ee-aweed, which would block the passage
of the bodies to the shore.
Your.g McAalUXe and M!fs McGrath had
a very narrow escape from drowning an-1
Dr. Wfctlera and his assistants worked on
them pome time before consciousness was
restored.
M:?s Downing was raised at Camp
Goodali. her parests having managed the
resort for rr.at#- years. The McGrath
family, with their cousin. Miss Dunn, had
recently come from Santa Clara to s;x?nd
a f«w weeks at the seashore.
There are spots along the Camp Goodali
beach which have bee,n considered dan
gerous for many years, and the cr.e where
the drowning took place Is the most dan
gerous of them all. Th<p =ad accident to
the young people ha? caused a eloom to
spread over the entire community.
Miss Mamie E. Dunn, Wno Had a
Host of Friends in San Fran
cisco, Was One of the
Unfortunate Trio.
RESCUER'S NARROW ESCAPE
Three Young People Are
Drowned While Bathing
Near Camp Goodali.
LIVES LOST
IN THE BAY
OF MONTEREY
LEXINGTON', Ky., July 20.— The Dem
ocratic State Convention adjourned short
ly before 4 o'clock this morning after an
all-night session, near the close of which
Governor Beckham was nominated for
Governor to - fill the unexplred term of
William Goebel. who was assassinated
last February. During the night the com
mittee sent word to the convention re
peatedly that they could not report until
to-day, but the delegates refused to ad
journ. Finally the reports began to come
in, after midnight.
It was 2 a. m. when Senator Blackburn
presented the report of resolutions, which
was adopted.
The resolutions indorse "The magnifi
cent platform adopted by the national
convention at Kansas City, and also the
splendid ticket nominated by said conven
tion." declare that the Democratic party
•"has always advocated and still does that
all elections shall be fairly conducted and
the results, honestly ascertained," and
continues:
We r*-comn»end that the election law of 1S9S
(known as the Goebel law), which was en
aeterl to prevent the repetition of well-known
Hepublican frauds in certain districts of this
.State and which was a marked Improvement
upon the then existing law, but which has not
proved sufficient for that purpose, be amended
to secure this end so thoroughly that the most
hypercritical can find no excuse for charging
fraud or unfairness to our party !n the con
duct of elections. Until such amendments can
be enacted by the General Assembly, we de
clare that the Republican party shall have rep
resentation en both the State and all the coun
ty boards of election commissioners. We de
clare to the world that the mob and the as
sassin shall not be the arbitrators of the rights
of citizens of Kentucky, nor ahall the penalty
of an appeal to the !aw and the regular con
stituted authorities be death at the hands of
assassins. Law and order must and shall pre
vail in Kentucky.
At 2:15 a. m. the order for nominations
for Governor Was reached. Congressman
Wheeler presented the name of Governor
Beekham. A wild demonstration of en
thusiasm followed. When order was re
stored the names of Judge Black and
Judge James P. Tarvin were presented.
The names of Judge McCreary, Lewis,
Smith, Pryor and Garnett. who "had been
pressed hard as candidates, were now
presented.
When the call of counties was almost
completed Charles Metcalf withdrew th«
name of Judge Black and moved that the
nomination of Beckham be made by ac
clamation. Judge Tarvin withdrew his
name and seconded the motion. Beckham
was nominated by acclamation.
Then followed a wild scene in the hall,
while Beckham was being escorted from
the rear of the platform to the footlights.
Resolutions Indorse the National
Ticket and Recommend the
Amendment of the Goebel
Election Law. x
Kentucky Democrats Hold
an All Night Ses
sion.
BECKHAM IS
NOMINATED IN
GOEBEL'S PLACE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP
O'RYAN. SAXTA CRUZ. July 20.— But
two more days remain of the camp and
the cadets are making a great ef
fort to crowd all the pleasure they
can in what remains of their va
cation. The life In camp and the
many pleasures enjoyed by the cadets
during the past week have had such bene
ilcial effect on the boys that they woul'd
be willing to extend their stay in this city
for another week. It will be with regret
that they return to their work and
school, but they will do so with the
knowledge of having spent a delightful
week in the country and the expectation
of renewing their fun next year. *
To-night a dance was given in the Dol
phin boathouse under the auspices of the
Lrst sergeants of the regiment. The floor
was crowded with dancers who tripped
the light fantastic until 11 o'clock. Ser
geant Glennon'of Company B was floor
director; W. Carey of Company N, First
Sergeant J. T. Ltonohue, Company D,
First4£ergeant Fitzgerald of H and First
Sergi-ant Fitzgerald of C were his assist
ants.
Lieutenant F. McCarthy and First Ser
geant Jack Donohue and Bob Laydon of
U drove a party of ladles to Capitola and
Del Mar yesterday afternoon.
The baseball game between the field and
staff and the line officers is still a matter
of discussion /in camp. The adherents c
the former team are loud in their de
nunciation of Lieutenant Al Hanley.
who i they charge was prejudiced in
favor of the line officers because he was
of their number. According to many the
decisions rendered by Haniey were "atro
clous. He had eyes only for the good of
the line officers' team, and a c ; a result
the Held and staff suffered defeat. The
game did not reach a conclusion. In the
nfth inning, when Hanley called Colonel
Power out after the latter had made a
brilliant slide to rhird; retired Major Duf
fey on strikes before that player had had
time to lift his bat; declared Rev.
Father Kennedy, who was playing a hot
game at left field, out because "he did not
tag first while rounding the bases on a
three^base swat, the field and staff could
stand it no longer. Led by Dr. Morrlsey,
the members of that team made a rush
for Hanley and the latter had to beat a
hasty retreat. As no one brave enough
could be found to assume the vacant po
sition of umpire the game was closed. The
line officers' score was 13 to the field and
staffs 4, thanks to the good work done
by Lieutenant Hanley. The teams lined
up as follows:
Staff. Position. Line.
£**¦*-,; Pither Dougherty
Carroll Catcher Toohev
(.Jauran, Pcmvr. First ba»e Powers
Duffy Second base ".....Curtln
T . f ' rr *' 8 " Third baje Klnton
HRBCrty Shortstop Kennedy
£ ea £ y "Y/ •• RlKht ffeld K. Keliy
Father KennedyOnter fl*ld Sears
Morrl^y Left field ' Bronson
Sergeant Gauran was visited In camp
yesterday by his brother-in-law. The lat
ter received a cordial welcome and par
took <«r an elegant feast
Major Morrisey the genial regimental
surgeon, is suffering from a sore foot.
The doctor played ball to-day and while
in center field tried to stop a hot groundei
by falling fiat on hi8 stomach. He mis
calculated and the ball struck him in the
foot. He is able to he around, but will
not be able to play the national game for
some time.
The "five deserters from L" enjoyed &
ride yesterday to Watsonville and wW
entertained there by Mrs. Donnelly
Captain Hopper was succeeded by Cap
tain Westplear a? officer of the day and
Lieutenant Al Hanley succeeded Lieuten
ant Dixon as officer of the guard. The
latter had forty prisoners to clean up
streets and the camp presented a tidy ap
pearance when their labors were con
cluded.
"General Funston" Farrell of L lodged
a complaint with the commanding officer
because his entire staff, which consists of
C. \V. Scanlon. A. Butler, J. Flynn, "Lieu
tenant" Watson and Ed Doling, were
thrown into the guardhouse. The gen
eral thought his staff was Immune from
street-cleaning duty.
Company A held another entertainment
in their street last night. Music, song and
recitations were rendered by the clever
members of the company. Refreshments
were served and the affair wag highly
successful.
Company D enjoyed a. very pleasant ex
cursion to Ben Lomond. Rowardennan and
Boulder Creek this afternoon. L^avlnp the
camp In two large buses, which were
hardly large enough to accommodate the
boys, they proceeded by a scenic road to
Boulder Creek, where they partook of a
hearty .lunch., which was arranped for
them by Rev. Father Cullen and JPrivaU
James Welsh.
The members of Company H held an
"at home" last night. The affair was
strictly invitational and was therefore ex.
elusive. Pies and soda water were served
in abundance and the young men Bang
themselves hoarse trying to be heard
above the harmonica playing of "Gunner"
Reilly. The programme consisted of
danctn? by Charles Quinn, songs by Mc-
Bearity; the rock-rollers' quartet, com
posed of Captain "Fighting Jack" Keit
ing. First Lieutenant O'Connor. Spcond
I-leutenant "Boss" Beasley and First Ser
geant Reilly, and remarks by Comedian
George Quinn. After the "shindii?" the
boys proceeded to make "rough house."
The corporal of the guard was called out
on three different occasions to subdue the
cadets, who were a? effervescent as the
soda water they drank. A number were
thrown into the guardhouse and cleaned
streets this morning as a penance for too
much exuberance. ' ,
Enjoyable Dance in the Dolphin Boat
House Under the Auspices
of the Tirst Ser
geants.
Cadets Are Making the
Most of Every Hour
Left
CLOSING DAYS
OF ENCAMPMENT
AT SANTA CRUZ
Audiey Coffey, a Fourteen- Year-Old
Youth, Has Both Legs Fractured.
He Will Live.
BOY NEARLY CRUSHED
TO DEATH IN ELEVATOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
SA2JTA FE APPOINTMENTS.
W. B. Storey Jr. Is to Be Transferred
to Topeka.
LOS ANGELES. July 20.— A circular Is
sued from the headquarters of the Santa
Fe system and received here to-day an
nounces that James Dun, formerly chief
engineer of the Santa Fe sfystesi from
Santa' Fe to Chicago, has been appointed
chief engineer of the entire system
\V. B. Storey Jr. is appointed chief en
gineer of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe and transferred from San Francisco to
Topeka. and R. B. Burns Is made chief
engineer of the Santa Fe, Pacific and
Southern California divisions and trans
ferred from San Francisco to Los An
geles.
7
of
$Baok&®!fa©s
fc^lA*^yjP Ti^y ,— —^
Efforts to bear tho dull
pain are heroic, but they
do not overcome it and
the baakaches continue
until the cause Is re-
moved*
are wearying beyond des
cription and they indicate
real trouble somewhere*
Mrs* Plnkham counsels
women, free of charge*
Her address Is Lynn,
Mass*
I Lydia E. Pir.kJum's Vcgetblc Compound j
does this more certainly
than any other medicine*
K has been doing it for
thirty years. It is a wo-
man's medicine for wo-
man's Ills* It has done
much for the health of
American women* Read
the grateful letters from
women constantly ap-
pearing in this pagserm
M. MOR\N DROWH'S LATEST PAINTIN6,
"HELEN OF THOYV*
On Exhibition at GOLDEN GATE HALJU
Sutter S*t.. Until Further Notice.
From : to U p. m.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE 0AMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; sives health and
¦trengtb. * to eexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
| MANHOOD RESTORED 3£t^£iS^
Vltalizer. the prescription of a
famous Krench physician, will
quickly cur* you ' all r.<r-
. H**5icB^-'2** vous or .!!sea.--> c' the genem-
Jpy5'^* t SwX tlve organs, such a< I»st Man-
£;Kj-^» -4£2 *"• " l] . In-'omnia, I'ains in th«
fat* row Hack. Nervous Debility. P:m-
/fSml JtL>i£ P lea - Exhausting Drain's. Vari-
uj^(. cocele and Constitution. It
A*3* stops all losses hr day or
nleht- Curlden* cleans^* th*
liver, the kidneys and tie urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cuplder.e strengthens and restores
email weak orrans.
The reason sufferers are not rure<J hjr Doctors
!.« because $O per eer.t arej troubled with Pros-
tatltis. CnploeiM the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. SO"^ testimonials.
: A written Ruarar.tee given and money re-
: turned If 8 boxes do not effect a permanent
1 cure. $1.00 a box. 6 boxes for J3.00. by mail.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis St.. San
. Francisco. Cal.. Grant Druj Co.. 38&40Th!r>Jst.
A CHICHCVTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
H.--<T»"~V Orlztnal and Onlr Ceaalae.
P-T/*JLV"\SAnE. »l«mT»r»;i»k:«. Ladle", uk Drnrtit
A,f>J£&a. toT CHICHIISTEK'S KNGLJSH
TJk S^^JTfl * tt!l ft: °* <~n>(»a. Take »• other. Rtfut*
Xn ***» «V) Da*r«roii« .'•¦Wltatloa* aad Iralu-
I / ~ fjj tbra*. Boj «f jsar Orutii<t. or imi it. ia
I *»" Jf «»»?• br PmrUenlmnk. Teatltaaalali
If fP «< " Rpl!;f r.ir l.xlltk" ii !«••'. S.' r»»
_-X L f torn Mail. 1«,OIMiTiira«»i.:.. ,»M1,
> — ¦— / »:i J>r»cii»-«. Ckl«he«ter<'henlemlC»,
KeaUon tbli p»e»r. Utdlun fa»»rt. 1'IHU. l'.t-
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first apjvroicli
cf the paroxysm they hare recourse to this rem-
edy • then, a single dose is often fufiicient.
»- FOl'UKIU A CO.. 2S.3O S.HIlllam SU.V.^T.
ttf^SS^^*^^ ryn^y f: >* Ucnorrhcea.
yCWjr<|KcCHEKNS"J «l«l. Sp«rn»lorrb*\
£*£ /la l toH»r».*aa Whi:a». nnn»tor«l ii»
(ye*? Qsv»at»^i g| ch*rge», cr any ic2*--Tja»
C*6a n»t to jwtowra. lion. ,irriu:ion or nicerv
|Tt . JPnTtata eeoufleo. ticu of bqooss nir. 1 *-
KWrHEE»A»s CHEMimCa br»°e«. Koo-*strinzent
«c5\c:«iCis«!iTj.o.ES31 s»»«J "y Oi-ojcnri***.
Vfofik. c. -. i jR& or sent »a c!»tn wrapper
hEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS— RS-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD .»
CO. European plan. F^toaia. sOc to fl M day:
15 to S3 week: 15 to »*0 month. Fr«* batna: tiot
and cold water every room; fir* Kra;ea in every
room; elevator runs all nicht.
MTE-mfflLRSg
Valises checked free.
AXUSElttENTS.
Baseball!
Stockton
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DAY AT 3 F>. M.
SUNDA Y AT 2:3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
ElgMh and Harrison Streets,
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be cbtafnert
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters when vlsltins San
Francisco.
PALACE and
GRAtND HOTELS.
THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME
are learning new wrinkles every day from
the your.g folks of the present genera-
tion — one of the most comforting is the
fact that good laundry work can be done
outside the house as cheaply as if you
scrubbed your life away over the tub.
Machinery and system tell th<» tale. Fam-
ily trade is a specialty with us. Domestic
finish for full dress shirts if you want it.
UN1TEDSTATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone — South ¦42O.
Oakland Office-363 12th Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Free Normal Training School of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
¦will open July 30. Application for admis-
sion may be made at z2X Ninth street. •
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to Uklah Sunday
July 22. Each ticket sold guarantees a
seat. There will be no more tickets than
there are seats provided. Fare $2 for round
trip. Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m
Leave Uklah 5 p. rn. Tickets on sale 650
Market street (Chronicle building)
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day.
OCONNQR
Bat •;•-.->' aid Howard
B»* Ho«>d ««d po!«jm.
Wholesa'e and Retnl,
I2Q-I24 MNTH STREET,
226 SIXTH STREET,
:» i.ns nrrsT dry grakclated
F'JGAK fl.OO
PAKCT CREAMERY BUTTER, per
, «<juare SSc
BEFT FAMILY FLOUR, per nack OOe
J OAJJ.CX.* EASTERN OIL GOc
12 UV.S ROLLED WHEAT 25c
CHOICE EASTERN HAM. per lb l.'Je
MACARONI OR VERMICELLI per lb.. lie
4-USi CAN PORK AND BEANS for 1Op
«-I*B BUCKET OF JELLT, any flavor.. 25<-
OnrTeis and Coffees rre Unexcelled.
EEPT FAMILY MIXED COFFEE
!-»" Ib '. 25o
BEST FAMILY MIXED TEA, any
brar.4 40e
LIQUOR SPECIALS
BEST O. P. S. WHISKY, per ra!Jon....?2.5O
S-TEAR-OLD PORT OR SHERRY.
•orr.ethir.K choice, per gallon $1.00
BEST ZINKANDEL CLARET, S years
old, per gallon 33c
Try our Liquor*, they as* choice.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
hear signature of /^^^^,
Terr ¦¦•.all aa4 aa oasry
SFF IP A DTrb*ol FCR HEADACHE. CCD
rcvmvc SPlTTLE FOR BILIOUSMESS. rcvriV n
fiENDINEM I IVER for tobpid uyeb. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R CONSTIPATION
WEAPPFR II BH " FOR SALLOW SXIH. WRIPPFQ
-, . nrjVl'UU mult *AV*^p*ATvnt.
gj^&a I gqrear Vegetal— ./<%*>~^ZZ^.
"FR.IKTTEID ON" REID F-AJPErRJ*
AMUSEMENTS.
*T.IVOLI*
TVTirn TO-PAT-AT 2 A.VD I.
The Enormous Comic Opera Sueces".
WANG !
Th» Grp«!?st Production Ever Seen Here.
••Wans" Will B<? PIay*d All N>xt Week.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT*
MONDAY. JULY 20, GALA OPENING OF
THE GRAtND OPERA SEASON.
SALE OF SEATS OPEXS NEXT MONDAT.
POPULAR PRICES-I3a and We.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
| FLORENCE ROBERtS,
Supported by WHITE VrHITTXESET.
Eeaatlrul Picturesque Production.
INGOMAR!
Seats Now on Sale for N«tt Week.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
"THE COUNTRY GIRL"
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. JULY TL
Parquet, K»c. any »»at; Dalcony. 10c: Chil-
dren. 19c. my part.
A QLITTEP.ING ARRAY OF FIRST-CXAS3
TALENT.
HISS LILLIAN BU2KHART in "Cap-
tain Sasaa&e."
WIIAIAMPON AND PTONE: JOHN DOXO-
HIE AND MATTIE NICHOLS; SMITH
AND FULLER; BARRERE ANL> JULES;
QUAKER CITT QUARTET: STELLA MAT-
HEW; CLAYTON WHITE AND MARiS
STUART. a«3!it<~i by MI5? EVA RAN-
POT.PH: AMERICAN RIOORAPH.
THE! MATINEE TO-DAY.
,".7"! To-nisM-Last Time.
; HENRY -LIARS"
IT If I Pn Bejrlr.ninjj NEXT
fill I I t*U MONDAY.
1712L/JLL/11 The Lyceum The»ter
SEASON -HIS EXCELLENCY
Now in Progress. THE GDVERNOr
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT. July S.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURE.
Subject. "Manila." Mapr.tfic-ently illustrated.
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
AND TO-NIGHT. LAST TIMES OF
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
I Commencinff TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT
MATHCWS £ BULGER.
With the Full Ptrenrth of DUNNE & RYLEY'S
ALL-lTAR CAST.
Presenting for th* First Time ia Saa Francisco
Their Original Success,
"ivcjsih: city."
By Gus He«ice. Authcr of "Ole Olson" and
"Yon Yonson."
Walter Morotco Sote Leue« and Manaftr
iV\ATINEE TO-DAY.
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
THE GREAT RUBY!
UNANIMOUSLY PRONOUNCED BY THB
PRESS THE GREATEST.., PROOCCTIOM
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
PRICES— foe. IOC. Sc, 13c
SATURDAY MATINEE-50C. 25c. 15c. 10c.
Pranch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CHUTES and Z00
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENCta
CANNON, THE~ FAT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UNTAHABLE LION.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Monster Cakewalk I
BLACK BARTONS of N«w York vs. BERT
STONE AND ANNIE KELLT of S. F.
AND 3IANT OTHERS.
TfleplW'M for Seat*. Park 3.
TTTQPWPR'^x CONCERT HOUSE.
LEXOP.E. WHITE & CO. In -AUTUMN
LEAVE?." Edward B. Adams. Violet John-
•on. Isab*Ue Ur.derwood and New Moving
Pictures by F/>ISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE.
MATINEE SUVDAI. Re»«r-ved Seats. Ec.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTa
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 j>. m.
Bathlny frcm 7 a. m. w 11 p. m.
ADMISSION l!ie. CHILDREN Ic.
Cathias. including admission. Kc; children. t8cGuests Escape From the Blazing Structure and Are
Removed to Neighboring Resorts, Where Com
fortable Quarters Have Been Secured.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
NOW A SMOLDERING RUIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMEXTO. July 20.— As soon as the
required sanction has been received from
the War Department. -the State Board of
Public Works will complete a ..channel
1300 feet long about two miles above the
mouth of the Feather River by which the
river route of the Sacramento River will
be shortened by over two and one half
miles.
Rights of way have been secured and
surveys made. The project has been care
fully gone over by the Government engi
neers and only the formal consent from
the Department at "Washington is neces
sary. \Vhen .the plan of the Board of
Public Works has been fullv carried out
In other particulars the river will be
shortened for steamer travel by some nine
miles. This- will be accomplished by a
Bights of Way Have Been Secured,
Surveys Hade and Only the Sanc
tion of the "War Department
Is Now Awaited.
Channel Planned by the
State Board of Public
Works.
WILL SHORTEN
SACRAMENTO
RIVER ROUTE
CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
MUST SHOW ITS BOOKS
Hearing in the Caso of the Gaynors
and Greene, Charged With
Conspiracy.
NEW YORK. July ».— The hearing In
the case of the Gaynors and Benjamin D.
Greene, looking to their removal to Geor
gia, for trial for alleged conspiracy with
Captain Carter in connection with con
struction in Savannah Harbor, was up
before Commissioner Shields to-day.
James Gallagher, former paymaster and
bookkeeper of the Atlantic Construction
Company, was the first witness.
District Attorney Erwln of Georgia, act-
Ing for the Government, said before the
witness was called that he would attempt
to show by him that claims were made on
the Government for over $600,000 In certain
cases where the actual cost was only
about $75,000. Mr. Erwln asked the witness
what was the total amount expended on
certain Savannah harbor contracts. Judga
Kellogg objected and It was decided that
the books showing the figures must be
brought into court. g
To Save the Pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAJC JOSE, July 20.— The Board of Trade
Is gom? to make a strong: effort to save
the Rose Carnival pavilion, which Just
now is threatened with being; torn down
and removed by Patrick Holehan, who
recently obtained possession of It by fore
closure of a mortgage. The Indebtedness
amounted to about $2000. Holehan bid it
in for $1000.
series of cutoffs. The present cut will b»
at what Is officially known as Howlett
cena, tnough more commonly as Shagff
Commissioner F. D. Ryan and Engineer
£v /'i N i? rse , bave J ust returned from the
Tlsdale break, a few miles above Knlghta
Landinp. where they have options for a
right of way for a wier to carry the water
i m 4t? b v eak , back lnto the river chan
nel. This break has destroyed the reser
voir capacity of the river for over «lxty
miles.
Mount Azuma in Japan Again
Active and Hundreds of Lives
Have Been Lost.
YOKOHAMA, July 19.--Mount Azuma, near Bandaisan,
1 which was the scene of a volcano disaster in 1888, broke into
eruption Tuesday, July 17. Two hundred persons were killed or in
jured. Several villages were engulfed by the strength of the lava
from Mount Azuma and great damage was done in adjacent dis
tricts.
VILLAGES ENGULFED
BY VOLCANIC LAVA
Will Receive Victoria Cross.
LONDON. July 20.— Victoria crosses
have been gazetted for Captain Meikle-
John and Sergeant Major Robinson, both
of the Gordon Highlanders, for bravery
In t*ie battle of Elandslaagte, and Lieu
tenant Norwood of the Fifth Dragoon
Guards for rescuing a fallen trooper at
Ladysmith.
The, Trust Problem.
To a thoughtful mind the trust problem Is
one of serious import. It must be firmly grap
pled .with, for it creeps upon society before
you are aware of Us existence. In this respect
much resembling: the various disorders | which
attack the stomach, such as constipation, indi
gestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and kid
ney troubles. . Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters is
the' one reliable remedy for all such V^ilments.
Be sure to stve It a trial.
AN EXCURSION TO
. CITY OF MEXICO
The Southern Prcific Will Give One
in November for $80. /
Passenger Agent Goodman stated yes
terday, that the Southern Pacific had de
cided .to run an excursion to the City of
Mexico seme time next fall, probably No
vember 14, from this city, the round trip
to cost only $S0. The exact details have
not yet been definitely arranged, but will
be in a few days and fully announced.
William H. Menton, the company's ex
cursion agent, who Juggles fearlessly with
the native tongue, is to have charge, and
will be found a great convenience "par
levvooinp" with tho natives.
This will be the first of the kind from
this city, and the very reasonable rat&
should make it a popular, occasion. "
Downpour in San Bernardino Will
Increase the Supply for Irri
gation Purposes.
LOS ANGELES, July 2O.-There were
heavy showers, accompanied by lightning,
on the desert laj*t night. The Santa Fe
officials here received word to-day that a
heavy rain was falling this morning along
their line in Arizona between Yucca an-1
Newberry, a distance of £00 miles. A
heavy precipitation Is reported at "Wil
liams, Ariz.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 20— Over half
an Inch of rain fell here this afternoon
and it is Ftill raininjj- <vuite a heavy rain
tf\\ in the mountains ami water will be
plentiful for irrigation.
SUBSCBIPTION PLA1TNED.
Committee Will Seek to Raise S1OO,
000 for Admiral Philip's "Widow.
NEW YORK. July 20.— It has been de-
cidc-d to ratee $100,000 as a memorial to
Rear Admiral John \V. Philip. Xaval
Constructor Francis T. Bowles of the
navy-yard find Commander Delehanty,
governor of Sailors' Snug Harbor, are In
charge of the movement, and will In a day
or two announce the names of the e\jm
xnlttee to raise subscriptions.
It Is probable that Rear Admiral Albert
B. TiaUer. who succeeded Rear Admiral
l'hillp in charge of the Xew York Navy
yard, will be tli<: chairman. Miss Helen
Could will be on the committee. It Is the
present plan to invest the $100,000 when
<>ollect«>d by public subscription, the In
come »o b« paid to Mrs. Philip while she
lives.
£ Special Chinese edition of ~%.
4- the Sunday Call Art Maga- -4
£ zine Section will appear next %
?- Sunday and will give 'the best +
£ information and photographs
\ on the subject yet printed. - +
»MM M M M »M ? t t M ? ft M»
HEAVY FALL OF
RAIN IN ARIZONA
MONEY LOANED ON
GRAIN IS TAXABLE
Decision of Yolo County Supervisors
Sitting as a Soard of
Equalization.
WOODLAND, July 20.— A question of
much Importance affecting the taxation
of money loaned on grain was to-day de
cided by the Yolo County Supervisors, sit
ting as a Board of equalization, in effect
that such money is assessable.
The Bank of Woodland was cited to ap
pear and show cause why It should not
be assessed for about $100,000 on promis
sory notes Secured by warehouse receipts
for grain. It was contended that such
notes are not taxable, for the reason that
by virtue of the provisions of section 4, ar
ticle XIII, constitution of the State of Cal
ifornia, the notes in question are obliga
tions by which a debt Is secured, and for
the purpose of taxation deemed an interest
In property given as security for their
payment.' and should not be separately
taxed.
The Deputy District Attorney, A. C.
Huston, to-day submitted a written opin
ion in the matter, in which he said:
This decision affects several hundred
thousands of dollars In this county, as the
other banks have filed applications for re
ductions from their assessments of such
property. «
If such notes are within the meaning of this
section, they are still, in my opinion, aJtess
able, for the reason that It is provided by this
section that when a debt, mortgage, deed cl
truFt, contract or other obligation by which a
debt la secured shall for purposes of taxation
be deemed and treated as an Interest in the
jiroperty affected thereby, the property affected
by such moragage, deed of trust, contract or
other obligation, less the value of such secur
ity, shall - be assessed and taxed to .the owner
of the property and the value of such security
shall be assessed and taxed to the owner
thereof.
INFORMATION ASKED AS TO.
NUMBER OF STATE TROOPS
Adjutant General at Washington Be
quests Information, Stating It Is
to Aid Him in Allotting FunUs.
SACRAMENTO, July 20.-A communi
cation has been received at the office of
the Adjutant General from the Adjutant
General at Washington as follows:
"To guide the Secretary of War in mak
ing allotment cf funds for the militia of
the several States it is desired that you
furnish this office with; a certificate, over
your official signature, showing the num
ber of companies, troops, batteries and
regiments regularly organized, uniformed
and in the service of the State at this
date. You should also include the number
of troops in actual attendance at drills
and parades during the year for each or
ganization. H. C. CORBIN."
¦» — . —
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Pensions Granted, Post
masters Appointed, Postal Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, .July- 20.— Postmasters
appointed: California— Original. Glenn
County, T. G. Perry, vice Robert Cham
berlain, resigned.
Pensions Issued to-day: California—Ad
ditional—Rowland T. Mitchell, Sacramen-t
to, $8. Increase— Edward Cox. Los An
geles, $10. Original widow— Frank O. De
witt. Los Angeles, $8. Mexican war sur
vivors — Increase — Albert W. Brush, Selma,
$20. ,¦ ¦ ¦
Washington— War with Spain— Jesse N.
Morgan, Aberdeen, $16.
Army orders— Captain John A. Perry,
Thirteenth Infantry, now in this city, has
been, ordered to San Francisco for tem
porary duty with the recruits. Captain
Charles Wilcox and Fkst* Lieutenant M.
M. Cloud, assistant surgeons,, have been
ordered to San Francisco for duty with
the cavalry en route to the Philippines.
Strike May Become General.
DALLAS, Texas, July 20. — It has been
informally decided by the Trades Associa
tion and American Federation of Labor
that unless the strike troubles on the Con
solidated Street Railway lines are settled
by next Sunday there will be a general
walkout of the trades for the purpose of
showing sympathy and through a peneral
boycott and suspension of business com
pel a settlement. There are 4000 men in
the trades who will respon'd,* It is said.
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from New London, Mo.,
says:
George W. Roudebush, one of the special
examiners of the Pension Bureau, was
placed on the stand in the Jester trial to
day. He Identified the certificates and ap
plications for pension made by Alexander
Jester, alias W. A. Hill.
B. F. Wilkins of Norman, O. T., clerk
of the Second District Court, testified that
he knew the prisoner as W. A. Hill and
had assisted him in getting a pension and
also a divorce.
When first arrested at Shawnee, O. T.,
Jester claimed he was not Alaxander
Jester, who traveled through Kansas and
Missouri with Gilbert W. Gates.
The attorney for the prisoner made a
fight to keep out the pension papers, as
they prove conclusively that Jester had
been known under two names. The Judge
admitted the evidence and '¦ the letters
Jester had written to the Pension Depart
ment and the application he made.
It was a decided victory for the State
and made the olu pri.sover look very sad.
In the following letter to the .Pension
Department, Jester explains how he as
sumed the name of Hill:
"Hill was nay own father's name. Jester
was mv stepfather's name. 1 was about
one and one-half years old when my
mother married Jester, andl went by tho
name of Alexander Jester until after tho
war closed, when I took up my own name.
Kespectfullv, W. A. HILL." -
Taken in connection with a divorce suit
In Oklahoma, it appears from the pension
papers read that Jester was married to
lielilah Jester probably in the fifties. She
went to Kansas and died In 1878. However,
on June 18. 1870, Jester swears he was mar
ried in Texas to Julia Reynolds, who bore
him three children. From her he secured
a divorce at Norman, O. T., on November
24. 1894. On May 24, 18C«6, he was married
to Margaret E." Brown.
In a series of questions submitted to
Jester by H. Clay Evans, the Commis
sioner of Pensions, Jester claimed that he
had three children, while In fact he had
at least eight at the time the statement
was made. In the same series of ques
tions he made mention of only one wife,
while the court records show him married
three times at least.
J. E. Roark. W. S. Copp and Charles
Bates of Denton. Texas, testified that
they knew Jester In Texas under the name
of W. A. Hill.
Moreover, in Making an Application
for a Pension, He Subscribed to
Statements That Were
Untrue.
Evidence Shows That the
Prisoner Was Known
Under an Alias.
STATE GAINS
STRONG POINT
IN JESTER CASE
Young Woman Is Accused of Having
Killed Mrs. -Jastle for Love
of the Latter'a
Husband.
EL DORADO, Kans., July 20.— Miss Jes-
Ele Morrison, whose preliminary trial for
the murder of Mrs. OHn Castle has been
in progress here for several days, was this
evening held without ball to answer the
charge of murder in the first degree before
the next term of the district court. Miss
Morrison will be. confined in the County
Jail at Wichita, as the jail here Is not
provided with apartments for women. Just
before the young prisoner was taken back
to tho jail she embraced her father and
both wept bitterly. The scene wag most
pathetic and there were few dry- eyes in
the court.
Several times during the day Miss Morri
son broke down under the strain. When
County Attorney lirumback in his closing
argument related the story of the tragedy
and declared that In the heart of OHn
Castle, husband of the slain woman, there
was an utter absence of love for Mis 1 ? Mor
rison, the prisoner leaned her head on her
brother's arm and wept. Again when At
torney Cramer, speaking for the defense,
referred to the deep sympathy felt for the
two afilicted families. Miss Morrison cov
ered her face and cried.
Affecting Scene Between the
Prisoner and Her Father
in Court.
MISS MORRISON
HELDTD ANSWER
MURDER CHAUGE
ConditionsJPue Chiefly to Climatic
Changes Leave Many Growers
With Absolutely Noth
ing to dell.
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— There will be
no peaches or prunes exported from this
part of the State this year, according to
the statements of deciduous fruit growers.
President A. R. Sprague of the Southern
California Deciduous Fruit Exchange, in
an Interview says:
"There will be very Httle dried fruit in
this section this year except that which
comes from the north. There will be no
shipments of peaches or prunes.
"The apricot crop also Is very short;
only here and there is there a locality in
which the apricot crop approaches tho
average.
"This shortage, for the most part. Is
caused by most unseasonably warm
weather in January, followed by cold, but
not frosty, weather. The same weather
conditions exist in Arizona also.
"This condition of the deciduous fruit
crop is most disastrous to the Southern
California growers, because many of them
will have absolutely nothing to sell this
year. But the trees are now leafing out
and getting their usual appearance, so
that with a good rainfall during the com
ing season, we may hope for full crops
another year, except in such orchards as
have been killed or seriously Injured by
three years of drought."
FRUIT CROP
IN THE SOUTH
VERY SHORT
Yield Is Small and Ship
ments to the East Will
Be Light. v
The guests lost very little. The tavern
was constructed with wide verandas and
numerous hallways, so that escape from
the building was easy.
G. W. Dearborn, the cashier, removed
all the books and valuables from the safe.
One of the fine pianos which was carried
out and placed' over forty feet from the
ployes worked heroically to save the
building, but the fire apparatus was out
of order and nothing could be done. The
fire locomotive of the Southern Pacific
was sent down from . Dunsmulr, but ar
rived too late to be of any service. "When
it was found that nothing could save the
tavern the manager and employes turned
their attention to assisting the guests in
removing their clothing and other effects
to a place of safety. While thus engaged
in looking after the property' of the»guests
a number of the employes lost nearly all
their own clothing and personal effects.
burning building caught fire from th« in
tense heat and was destroyed.
The tavern was a three-story brick
building and had 250 rooms and was fur
nished In the most elegant and costly
manner. The silver and china service
alone was worth a fortune and none of
these were saved.
It is not known how the fire originated,
as there had been no heat In the wash
house. It is thought, however, that an
electric wire may have started the blaze.
There were about seventy-five guests In
the tavern.
The tavern which was the property of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
was under the management of E. B. Pix
lev and has had an unusually successful
run this year. The guests have scattered
to Various neighboring resorts and a few
remain temporarily on the ground, their
comfort being looked after by the man
ager.
DUNSMUIR, July 20.— The celebrated
Tavern of Castle Crag is a smolder
ing heap of ruins this morning,
with only a tall column or pillar
here and there and a few chim
neys left standing to mark the site of
the highest and costliest structure in the
Sacramento Canyon. The fire started hi
the washhouse of the laundry building,
which set about thirty feet back from the
main structure and was connected with it
by an archway. /
As the fire increased the current of air
through the archway sucked the flames
up to the main building, which was soon
in a blaze.
From there it spread to the annex, tho
last wall of which fell about 7:30 o'clock.
The manager, E. B. Pixley, and his em-
FAMOUS TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG, WHICH WAS DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
REDWOOD CITY. July 20.-The prelimi
nary examination of the suspects in the
Colma murder case held here to-day re
sulted in the defendants being h*ld over
without ball to appear before the Superior
Court to answer for the murder of Eliza
beth Mitchell and David Mitchell.
At the close of the testimony the court
made the following remarks:
The court has noticed during the holding of
these proceedings that a spirit of levity was
manifested by some of the parties connected
with this alleged murder, as 11" the fact of the
taking of a human life v.as a matter of email
moment not to be considered a thlnu worth
while. Now this court has no sympathy what
ever with any persons, be they black or white,
who will deliberately and wiUtully take human
life, and this continuous killing that has
U-en coinc on at Colma must be stopped, and
the court believes that the evidence warrants
the holcine of these defendants.
Mrs. Inisand Takes the Stand.
The most interesting testimony of the
day was that of Mrs. Antonia Imsand.
Attorneys Bullock, Fitzpatrick and Walk
er were several times at loggerheads, the
most exciting moment being when Bullock
asked Mrs. Imsand what the conversation
was that she had held with Leinascher
and Ehlers on July 3, the night before the
killing. Hardly were the words out of
his mouth when Attorney Walker sprang
to his feet and said:
"May it piease the court, Mrs. Imsand
has called upon me as an attorney at law,
to be instructed as to her rights, as a
witness in a criminal or other proceed*
ings; from what she has stated to me it
appears, it has appeared in public print
many times, that she is to be arrested for
complicity in the killing of Mrs. Mitchell
and the boy; I have advosed her, as
an attorney at law, that it is her abso
lute right as a witness t& refuse to testify,
or decline to testify, or answer any ques
tion which might In any ,way tend to
criminate her. or subject her to punish
ment, and that she has an absolute right
to decline to answer any such question;
and I ask the court to so instruct her."
The examination then proceeded as
follows:
The Court — Do you mean. Mr. Walker, that
che will claim her rieht?
Mr. Walker— She has a right to so claim, if
6he chooses to do so.
Mr. Bullock— Mrs. Imsand, what conversa
tion, if any. did you have with Mr. Lemascher
and with Mr. Ehlers on July 3 of. this year at
your house In OVlma In this county?
I decline to ansv.er that.
On what ground?
On the ground that the newspaper reporters
have had too much to say about It.' I'm afraid
it will put me In trouble.
What the reporters may say hasn't anything
to do with it, it cannot injure you.
Mr. Walker— The lady is not familiar with
our rules of law and she has manifested by
her laniruac what h»r obJ*?cMon Is. and the
court will consider that.
Mr. Uullock <to the witness)— Mrs. Imsand,
is it upon the ground that if you should answer
this question you are afraid that it might tend
to incriminate you?
Widow Fears Incrimlnation.
I told you that I declined to answer the ques
tion. ,
I want an answer to the question.
The Court— She probably means that.
Mr. Uullock <to the witness)— Do you refuse I
to answer that question upon the ground that
it may Incriminate you: that is, may get you '¦
into trouble In connection with this case. Is
that the reason that you refuse?
I don't understand that; I ran only talk a
little Kiieli.'-h. and I don't understand what
you rnean by It.
Tell me why you refuse to answer the ques
tion?
I have told you already.
Tell me ar.-.ln.
For fear that it puts me In trouble.
Now, did you. on the morning of July 3, 1900.
at Colma. In San Mateo County. Cal.. and at
your house In Colma. give to Mr. Frank Le
masch«r a twenty-dollar gold piece with whlca
to purchase two rifles?
I decline to answer.
On the came cround and for the same rea
son?
Tes. *!r.
Did you. Mrs. Imsar.d, on the morning of
July 3, 1901 at your house at Colma, tell Mr.
Frank Iymascher to take twenty dollars and
purchase a, rifle for himself and for Mr. Caesar
Ehlers?
I decline to answer that.
And fcr the tame reason?
|Y*>s. sir. .
This closed the examination of lirs. v Im
sand. Prior to this the widow had re
turned vague a"nd unsatisfactory answers
to all Important questions. When asked
at T.hat time I.emaseher returned to the
hog ranch on the night of July 3 she re
plied. "I don't know." The witness stated
that on the night of July 4 she had slept
on her return from San Francisco with
Mrs. Tassi, as she had been warned by
them not to go near "the 'niR-Ker,' who
•was shooting a rifle Instead of firecrack
ers."
" How She Heard First News.
Mrs. Imsand claimed to have first heard
of the shooting from a Mrs. I.areromar
sina's brother-in-law, who knocked on the
•window of her bedroom at 1 o'clock on the
morning of the 5th of July.
"What did he say?' 1 asked Bullock.
Fitzpatrick attacked this question and
Bullock withdrew It.
Mitchell was an Interested spectator of
the nrocf-edtnijs. The courtroom was
crowded with people from Colma and the
neighborhood. •
Bachtnan, the San' Francisco gunsmith,
and Lemascher, who purchased the rifles
of him the day before the shooting, both
identified the rifies with which the shoot-
Ing- was done and which were offered in
evidence. The sympathy of the town Is
¦with the suspects, and their detention Is
causing much adverse comment here.
Attorneys Squabble While Mrs. An
tonia Imsand Refuses to Tes
tify on Important Points,
Tearing Incrimlnation.
Web Closing Around the
Men Accused of Double
Murder of Negroes.
Witnesses Tell of His
Threats to Take Life
of Goebel.
Declared That When th.e letter Had
Been Killed the Party Could
Not Be Held.To
gether.
"I toid him." concluded Noakes. "that
I did not believe I had such a man. and
be mentioned Chadwell and Jones. That
afternoon vrhen the mm were being sent
home Caleb Powers told me to keep ten or
twelve of our b«-*t m»-n and to keep Chad
weli and Jones. My military company
was taken Kith me. They wore citizens"
olothes with then- uniforms under them.
We were told by Powers to do this, so we
¦would be rea<iy for military service. W.
H. Cultf.n told me I must keep six of my
men unuer arms all of the time. I went
to Assisiant A«ijutant General Dtxon and
told him I wanted to turn over my com
pany, for I had become satisfied that
Goebel would be seated as Governor, and
I did not want to serve under him. Dixon
toid mo not to be dlscnurag-ed. as Goebel
¦would not be Governor. I was tired and
asked Powers how long this was going on.
He said not much longer, as Goebel would
be killed and that would settle It. That
morning I checked two lar^re pistols and a
rif.e for Berry Howard. Yes; I saw Gov
ernor Taylor that morning. I went into
his oHict, took my pistols off and put
thf-m into a bookcase. I nassed some
•words with him at the time.
Xoakes testiiied that after they reached
Frankfort Caleb Powers came to him and
said: "Bob. 1 undorstiind you have two
men in j-our company who would kill a
man if you wanted th^rn to do it."
Robert JCoaka testi;k-d that John and
Caleb Powers and Charles Klnley con
ferred with him in November after the
election relative to bnr.gln^ armed men
to Frankfort at the time ol the meeting
of the State Kiection Commission Board.
They told him thc-v wanted him to bring:
as many men as he rouid to intimidate
the Election Commissioners. Noaks told
of being asked by Caleb Powers to get a
company of militia composed of men who
would fight, ar.d to rret smokeless powder
cartridges. He secured a. company and it
vas mustered in. Asked If Powers ever
fpoke to r.ira about (Joebel, Noaks said
yes. Powers said the contests would
iitnount to nothing and that when Goebel
¦was d^ad no man in the State could hold
the party together. .
Witness raid Henry Toutsey came into
her office the day of the Van Meter-Berry
contest and told her hhe had better leave
the State House, as trouble was likely.
Witness said that a few minutes af:er the
fhootir.g Assistant Secretary of State
Matthews stationed two men with puns at
the door of the building with orders to ai
luw no one to either enter or leave the
building.
Mrs. SnufTer of Wiiliamsburs testified
that Powers told her January 14 that be
fore he would be robbed of his position he
would kill the last one of them, at tho
tain*.' time exhibiting a pistol.
A letter. Fai«l to have been written by
Powers, was rf ad, in which Powers said
be did n<it want to see Charles Finley.
There vas no need of an understanding to
enable them 10 tell the truth. Finley was
n* Innocent as he (Powers) was. This -was
¦written four days before Powers' arrest.
Immediately after the shootlrg several
strangers came into the room, but they
cid not Ipeak of the rhooting, and It was
jive minutes before she heard what had
cccurred.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. Julyro.— Miss An
nie Weist of Louisville, who was stenog
rapher to Auditor Sweeney and was in tha
Auditor's offire in the executive building
when the Goebel assassination occurred.
T.3.S the first irttSCfls called in tha Powers
trial to-day. She heaid three shots in the
direction of the office of the Secretary of
State.
Makes the Trip From Newport
With His Automobile in a
Little Over Two Hours.
WEAVING WEB
OF TESTEMONY
ABOUT POWERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. July 20.— "Willie K- Vaaflerbilt paid Boston a call to-day In the
little automobile the speed of ¦which has carried so many Newport people
halt out of their wits. The- youthful millionaire remained in town just an
hour. He £ot here at 8:30, having left Newport a little after 6. The tlm<* oc
cupied in making the trip was 2 hours and 18 minutes, the distance being
about seventy-two miles over the roads. He came only with an assistant, a
Frenchman. Mr. Vanderbilt. however, ran the machine himself. It is the
eecond fastest automobile in the world, and can make more than sixty miles
an hour. In fact, when the auto struck into the smooth, hard roadbed of
Blue Hiil avenue at Milton. Mr. Vanderbilt put on a little spurt and it is
stated that he spun along for some little distance at the moderate little Jog
of sixty-five miles an hour.
"It was a little slow," said Mr. Vanderbilt "I can do It In two hours
without much trouble." While waiting for the vehicle to be made ready for
the return tr'p Mr. Vanderbilt displayed his democratic proclivities by cross-
Ing the Ptrret ar.d slipping into a little basement restaurant and getting a cup
of cftffee ard slipht lunch. He had previously sent his assistant to a well
known French place on Washington street. The young: millionaire tele
phoned to Mrs. Vanderbilt at Newport that _bo would be at home by dinner
ii m^ nn.i then, at about 9:.T0, ho set cut once more.
COLMA MURDER
SUSPECTS HELD
TO STAND TRIAL
VANDERB1LT TAKES
A JOG TO BOSTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
SI pep Year.
GUTTE &.FR ANK. Managers,
Pacific Coast Departmant,
' 303 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAll
II. VATKE. President. '
RUDOLF BERNDT, Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
day of April. 1300.
GEORGE H. MUnPHT.
IT. S. Vice Consul at Magdebur;.
Total Income S4.1S2.502 44
¦
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre'Losses (In-
cluding JC61,:»4 91 losses of previous
years) $2.9M.4«2 74
Dividends to Stockholders 312,500 CO
Palrl or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 7S4.9OT 90
Paid for Salarlps. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 209.771 12
PaM for Stat£, National and Local
taxM 8S.271 3S
All other payments and expenditures 213.539 41
Total Expenditures 14.533.512 (4
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums fl.0C2.S03 13
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47.401 6-1
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 74.734 41
Received from all other sources 67.363 ZS
Total Liabilities I2.S6S.SC6 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $533,030 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, % ; re- in-
surance 50 per cent 1.63S.S13 23
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $ ;
re-ln*urance pro rata J81.1M <w>
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 1.0S7 50
All other demands against the Com-
P ar> y 234.76&DO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 537.144 50
Loans on Bonds and , Mortgages 1.164,263 S3
Ca.«h Market Vnlue of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,849 539 33
Cash in Company's Office jt'<?6i »#
Cash in Banks 3C0.615 40
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans S 4X1 7<?
Premiums in due Course of Collection 344',007 63
Due from other Companies for Re-in-
surance , K? 973 so
Total Assets J4.SC7.SM 13
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1S33. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. S
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Caah $750,000 00
INSURANCE COMPANY
¦ACDEBURC FIRE
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
WILHELMA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1S99. and fot
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
lnsuvar.ee Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash $753,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 835.506 00
Loans on Rends and Mortgages 8.DS1.050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond? owned by Company 221.070 97
Cash in Company's Office 22.4C5 67
Cash in Banks 56,133 SO
Interest due and accrued on ay
Stocks and Loans 61S 73
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 609,093 93
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8,740 70
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance i 845.379 SO
Total Assats $10,593,301 32
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $37,577 23
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
surance 10O per cent 32,940 12
Risks, $— — ; re-Insurance 50 per
cent 79,353 79
Liability under other Branches 9,459,454 20
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 397 oo
Due for re-insurance 9.450 53
Total Liabilities ....£» $9,663,203 45
INCOME.
Net cafh actually received for Ma-
rine Premiums $333,772 05
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 334,912 27
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
AW other sources 44 29S 43
Received rrom all other sources 2.193il27 40
Total Income $3,112,110 13
EXPENDITURES. ====
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including losses of. previous
years) ". j^ jg3 (j
Dividends to Stockholders I07*;oo 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 89 934 85
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... »i 008 26
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes * 1575 gj
All other payments and expenditures 1.419'.i61 30
Total Expenditures ' $2,044,965 42
Marine Losses Incurred during the ~~~
year t470.1S7 05
Risks and Premiums. |Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the
> ear V'nV- $230,257,627 *643,466 86
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
J'«r 228,260,410 605,446 43
Net • amount in force
December 31. 1S99 9.243.598 112.303 91
Sunday. July 22, special excursion to
Uklah; $2 for round trip. Leave Tiburon
ferry, foot of Market street, at 8:30 a. m.;
leave Uklah & p. m. Tickets on sale
Wednesday. ThurBday, Friday and Satur-
day.
_ . ,i 'I I TH. DAMMAXX, Manager.
subscribed and sworn to before me. this May-
day of 7th. 1900. EMIL ALY. Xotary Public.
GUTTE &~ F?RANK, t
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 CAXIFORNTA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
P. H. REAROON.
11 to 13 FIRST STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
WM. A. HEWITT.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY GO.,
Our reputation among contractors and miners Is evidence of our
responsibility. Estimates furnished upon application.
S GIANT AIR COMPRESSORS
...aho...'
0 GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEMAl . ENGINES AND BOJLERS.Lovers of the beautiful will have a rare
chance to purchase Chinese and Japanese
works of art at the great fire sale, which
opens Tuesday morning, July 24, at the
store of Wing Fat & Co.. 719 Dupont
street. Stock worth $30,000 to be sold with
out reserve, in- order to adjust the tirm's
insurance. Sale limited to two weeks. •
She Demands a Statement.
Sarah Rosenbaum. widow of the late
Emil D. Rosenhaum. has secured an order
of court compelling Albert M. Rosenbaum.
surviving resident partner of the firm of
Rosenbaum Brothers, to file an account
with the court.* a statement of the firm's
affairs and condition . and to show cause
within five I days why he should not file
such a statement.
Meeting of Iroquois Braves.
The meeting of the Iroquois Club at
Pythian Hall last night was well attend
ed. The club appropriated funds for the
maintenance of rooms, where Informa
tion as to the proper course to pursue to
obtain naturalization papers could be had
Members of the club volunteered to be
present In the rooms until time for nat
uralization had expired. Clitus Harbour
addressed the meeting on the issues of
the campaign and David H. Dexter read
an essay entitled "Shall It Be Caesar?"
The prtee of $20 offered for the best essay
on 'Tolitical Issues of the Day from a
Democratic Standpoint" was awarded to
John Aubrey Jones. The winning- essay
and the others submitted are to be used
by the club as campaign literature.
¦ ? » -
TJ. S. District Judge Beatty Presides.
T'nlted States District Judge James H
Beatty of Idaho is presiding over the ses-
Elons of the United States Circuit Court
In this city during the absence of Judge
.iiorrow on bis vacation.
Board of Works Makes Appointees.
E. F. Hass has been appointed by the
Board of Public Works as assistant on
construction work at a salary of $130 per
month and John Johns as third class as
sistant on construction at $100 per month.
J P Hogan g-oes into the bureau of build
in«? as an inspector at a salary of $100 per
month and J. C. Newlands will be assist
ant bookkeeper in the main office at JS3
per month. J. W- Farnham, E. A. Burke,
R C. Lawton, W. D. Evans, James C.
Gorborino and T. J. Ryan were appointed
to positions paying $3 per day.
Wanted to Be Arrested.
John Walsh, an English sailor, did not
want to go to sea again on the same ship,
s-o Thursday he •went Into Mrs. L. Her
zcjj's store. 243 1 / ± K&st street, and asked
her to send for a big policeman. She re
iused and Walsh lifted a hand mirror
from the counter and walked away with
!t. Mr?. Herzogr notified the police and
Walsh was arrested. He appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday and the Judge
continued the case till to-day.
A Convenience That Business Men
Will Appreciate.
SPECIAL SLEEPER .
FOR BAKERSRELD
The rapid increase of the oil interests In
and about Bakersfield has occasioned
such unusual traffic between that city and
San Francisco that the Espee has found
it necessary to increase the sleeping car
facilities of the "Owl." Arrangements
have been made for that train, leaving
this evening and in future, to carry a
special Bakersfield sleeper, so that the oc
cuuants may be permitted to remain un
disturbed till a comfortable rising hour in
th* morning. a
The convenience of this will be keenly
appreciated by business men, as the arriv
ing time at Bakersficld. either of the
"Owl" or Express, is in the dead of night,
when a fellow doesn't like to be hustled
out.
The plan Is equally convenient from
Bakersfield. "While.the "Owl" doesn't pass
tlil two hours after midnight, passengers
may enter the car at pleasure and get a
full" night's rest.
ZCrs. Elizabeth J. Eoggs Gets Order
Restraining Her Husband. From
Visiting Her.
Mr?. Elizabeth J. Bcggs filed applica
tinn in the Sui»erior Court yesterday for
r.n order restraining her husband, Charles
•IV. }'¦¦ ?res, from visiting her at her home,
i;C f 2 Sixth street. She alleges that she
l-^ijcves her husband intends to kill her
sind un!«f r^Ftralned will succeed. Mr?.
;',' £i:s filed suit for divorce against her
husband a few days ago. charging neglect,
drunkenness and cruelty. She alleged
that he smashed a'l or their furniture
T.-ith an ax and when ehe sought to re-
Fira:n him he knocked her down; that
ngain he struck her in the face with his
hat and brutally beat h*r on the night
cf Juiy 13. %Vhen she informed him of her
purpose to *-j» for divorce she says he
threatened to send her to the morgue. Xn
idcition to a decree of divorce, Mrs.
Bogps asks for alimony and the right to
resume her maiden name. McGaw.
SAYS HE WILL MURDER
HER UNLESS RESTRAINED
Attorney Temple Charges Him "With
Shameful Neglect of His Wife,
Who Is Paralyzed.
An Interesting statement of the condi
tions in the household of Charles Scheper,
a shoemaker, living at 216 Clipper street,
was mado yesterday before Judge Heb
bard. Scheper filed suit for divorce against
his wife a short time ago. alleging intem
perance. Mrs*. Scheper filed a cross-com
plaint, charging her husband with undue
Intimacy with Mrs. Duen. who keeps a
grocery at Sanchez and Clipper streets.
An application for alimony made by Mrs.
Scheper was called for hearing yesterday.
Attorney Prosek, whp appeared for Schep
er. f aid" the sum demanded by his client's
wife. $30 a month, was too large. AVarren
Temple, who represented Mrs. Scheper. in
answer charged Scheper with shameful
abuse of his wife. "This man." skid Tem
ple, "is worth at least $10,000, and he is
seeking to transfer his property to his
mother in order to defraud his helpless
wife. He spends his money gambling and
visiting resorts with the woman named as
corespondent in the cross-complaint, while
his wife, who is paralyzed, is forced to
suffer, for he will not aid her. '
- After hearing the statement Judge Heb
bard ordered that Scheper pay his wife $30
a month alimony and also to pay her $75
counsel fees.
SCHEPER'S HOUSEHOLD
CONDITIONS ARE AIRED
v Mary A. Manley, an attractive, well
dressed young woman, was arrested last
evening on a warrant sworn to by her
father, who Is Postmaster at Penryn,
charging her with' insanity. She was
taken to the detention ward of th6 Re
ceiving Hospital and locked up in a
padded ceil.
If the unfortunate woman be mentally
deranged the doctors at the hospital have
failed to discover it. She converses in a
rational manner and does not exhibit the
¦slightest symptoms of a tottering: mind.
Miss Manley arrived here about six
weeks ago from Penryn and went to work
for the telephone comoany. She soon
erew tired of her employment and re
ei&ned her position. Since then she has
been living at the "Winchester House on
Third street, frequently goins hungry m
order to pay her room rent. Her sad con
dition appealed to a Mrs. Durrell, wno
lives in the house, and she did all In her
power to hrighten the life, of the mis
erable woman.
Yesterday morning: the father of the giil
appeared In the Superior Court and after
stating that his daughter was mentally
Irresponsible swore to a complaint agaln«t
her tor insanity. Policemen Coghlan and
Tracey were sent to the Winchester
House to arrest her. but in deference to
her wishes they allowed Mrs. Durrell to
escort her to the hospital while they
walked on behind them.
After being placed in a cell Miss Man
ley became hysterical and amid tears she
declared that her arrest was part of a
conspiracy engineered by her father to
get her out of the way. To Matron An
drews the woman said that her father
had driven her away from home after
telling her that she would have to sup
port herself. -
This is denied by Manley. lie daim3
that at times the girl is mentally irre
sponsible and that he Intend? to have her
sent to some private asylum in the hopa
that her health will be restored.
Mrs. Durrell." who accompanied the
young woman to the hospital, character
izes h$r arrest as an outrage.
"If her mind were impaired." indignant
ly remarked Mrs. Durrell when discussing
the case. "I would know it, as I have
frequently conversed with since she
has been stopping at the Winchester
House. She always appeared rational and
was the last person in the world that I
would take to be mentally weak. I . am
thoroughly satisfied that she Is perfectly
sane and intend to do all in my power
to have her released from the hospital
to-morrow.'.'
Her Friends Say That She Is Men
tally Strong and Characterize
Her Arrest as an
Outrage.
Pretty Mary Manley Locked
Up in the Detention Ward
of the Hospital.
FATHER CHARGES
HIS DAUGHTER
WITH INSANITY
can t s!»ep th^ b!arsre?t rart of It away. Th»»
and I set more out of it a?ter a!l than tt!e«i«5
?!»»lt- headed folk who sleep r/ nisht."
•'I have been 111 ever Rinee. but I went .<>
the Holmes breakfast > for the soort doctor"*
rake. He and I are very old frieris. nnt m»re!y
lit»rary friends. We love each other."
"I hai-e suffered much from this spr1r«. Oir
lawn is now zreen. the maranlia buds ar«
swelling and the hepat!ca» and violets bejtn t->
appear, and w*j«n trie co!d»n dardellrn enm<>9
it will be really spring. I wcuM rather !«">
thes» flowers tn the world beyond than the
rold'n etreets we are told of."
"These November days of Indian rummer
make me happy that I have lived to see them."
"I am ir!ad to be permitted onee more to *»»
the miracle of spring:-"
"General Gordon — vr.y hero— Is d?ad: an ut>
welflsh enthusiast of humanity. Xo niTe won
derful flerure hai for centuries crossed the <lis!;
of our planet."
"I have ju«t been to see an old friend a littl*
In advance pf me tn ate We talked as men
talk who listen the while for the Inevitable
summons, solemnly, and yet not unfcorefui. I
am not sure I am any better for my long tiff
any nearer to God; but He seems nearer to ma
and that comforts me."
I see that I had summed my thoughts of
Whittier for the pages of the Century in
words upon which I could not now Im
prove if I tried, because they came warm
and fresh from the heart of grief an-1
loss immediately after he> was called from
his friends and was not, for God took him.
Thus I wrote then, and otherwlso I caruict
write after the lapse of all these years.
It remains onlv to say the shortest, sim
plest, truest word of all that can b<» said
for his dear and honored name. We sha'.l
remember him longest because of the
largest thing which he did for us. and
what that Is ;t is not possible to doubt.
He gave us the music of human freedom,
of human brotherhood, of passionate hu
man purity, of an intimacy with nature
more widely comprehensible than that of
"Wordsworth and scarcely surpassed bv
that Inspired pantheist. But he gave us
something beyond all this; he gave U3
faith in God.
In an age when doubt darken* the brav
est heart, when science and art jrrope for
their author and find him not; when ge
nius (what we h&ve left of it) deviate* tnvt
little sketches of little subjects and cuts
crosspaths through mire and walks blind
fold under the stars — this poet, beins dedi
cate, has done more to hold the faith r>f
the American people to the God of thrlr
fathers than any other one man in our na
tion. KLIZABETH STUART PHELP3.
Newton Center, Mass.
ary anatomist to the twenty-third psalm
as to "Snowbound." 1 should find it as
easy to dissect the fifty-third chapter of
Isaiah as "At Pert Royal."
There is, in fact, so positive a religious
character to the poetry of Whittier as to
partake of the nature of sacredness and to
call for the reverence due to sacred
things. Some of his poems suggest in
spiration of a quality and a degree not
to be considered on a level with the ex
pression of a less dedicated genius.
A young student of hi3 writings will
bear in mind that for this very reason a
certain cla«s of critics will find It possible
to adopt a tone toward the poet and his
art which they would never be tempted
to us? in treating the poetry of a man
equally genuine but less devout.
It used to be the fashion among critics
not in sympathy with the religious nature
and aims of the Quaker poet to recognize
him reluctantly. His stately fame came
to him slowly. But it came rlrmly. It be
longs now to those things which cannot
be shaken, but remain. His position In
the great pentarchy of American poets is
as secure as that of any of jthese elect,
and second to none.
day his guest and who sat quietly at tha
window.
"Allow me," he said with imperturbable
I gravity, "to present thee to the author of
j that beautiful poem. 'Mls3 Lucy Lar-
I com.' "
Soon after Mr. "Whlttler's death I pub
! lished in the Century Magazine a paper
upon the life and work of the poet which
contained such memories of him as I
cared to share ¦with the public that Iove«l
him. The kind courtesy of the editor? Of
j that periodical has allowed m? to fefeef
i for the readers of these pages the Whit-
I tier anecdotes herein related, and also ti>
. quote from some of the poet's letters.
I These were more fully given In the earlier
| publication:
i "I f<>*l imj change In teuiperatur* with *
I p^nsit ivpn^^s tliAt I &m 8?narn**^ f*f." he pl*afia
i as a reason fnr def'rrinir a certain Tr!«'.t. Th»r.
hurryinB on with his vigorous che*rtu!n?s«, he
j write?:
"The Lord In his levins kindness ha* hun?
j his wonderful pictures en all our hill* ar.l
: woods' this autunr.D. I n?v»r saw such cr>!or>«."
'•I have Just be»rt r»a1tn«- Cannn Farrar's
I Mrraons on the 'Eternal Hope.' And I *&»*
i with him that life is worth livin*. even if en*
WHITTIER AS A YOUXG MAX.
Partly because he was the poet of faith
Whittier was pre-eminently the poet or
th>» people; for the people as a whole pos
sess religious faith, and respect it even
where they fio not possess It. He was a*
deeply btlovrd as he was widely honored,
and the two are not always Mynonymous
facts in the history of distinguished
It wlll'be remembered that he was forc
ed to make a general acknowledgment of
the loving solicitude with which unknown
admirers and adorers followed his invalid
life. He could not command strength or
time to answer his letter?.
And thank? untraced" to lips unknown
Shall ftreet m; like the odor3 blown
' From unseen meadows newly mown.
Or lilies floating In some pond. -
Wood frlnsed. the wayside sax? beyond;
The traveler owns th» grateful sense
Of sweetness n«ar. he knows nofTrjejiie.
And. pausint. tak-s with fareheaa bare
Tee 'benediction of the air.
I have always regarded these Imes as In
purely poetic character among the highest
that he wrote. So pervasive was the af
fectionate expression of his readers that
it was in truth like the air he breathed
His enormous mail came freishted daaly
v.ith grace, mercy and peace. After an
absence of n few days frorn his home in
Danvers he told me he found over
ters from unknown writers awaiting Win.
He had no secretary or stenographer, and
he was often appalled by the drift of un
answred and unanswerable missives
which "nowed him under. He misht well
have called them "mi^Iles" as Ueors*
Eliot did. for they hit heavily on his weak
body and strong sympathy, he took,
i* all writers do who command the love
of their readers', a definite amount of com
fort out of these personal commuc cations
He needed it. for his was a lonely fe, and
his sensitive modesty-his exquisite diffi
dence always stood ready to underrate hi3
OV \* friend found him one day In her li
bfarv. listlessly sitting with his huge
morning mail scattered about him. partly
opened, half unread. |She eaid:
-Mr Whittier, it must make you very
happy to know what you are to so many
thousand! cf souls." '-*
"\h but." he answered, sadly. they
say that Tennyson has written a perfect
P °I € t m vas seldom that he allowed himself
a sish like this. and. perhaps because of
its raritv. it has been poijmantly remem
bered by the little group that knew of it.
He was a sad- man. But his personal at
mosphere was anything hut sad. In-con
versation he was more than cheerful; h«
was vivacious— even merry- His sense of
humor was very strong. A good ""^
eave him more satisfaction than a somber
thought. He brimmed with fun like a
bov His hearty lausli pealed out easily.
He left sunshine behind him always. I
find In my remembrance of many Ion*
talk's with "him. an extraordinary mingling
of the grave and the gav. such as never
failed at once to stimuftue the thought
and to lighten the spirits. We talked for
hours. I see. that I have recorded else
where: "We. talked until our. heads
ached and our throat? were sore, and
when we had finished we besan apain."
We ran from theology, philosophy, mysti
cism, spiritualism, philanthropy and lit
erature to the latest anecdote or th#
choice reminiscence. The most authentic
Khost would be crowded In between the
last Joke and the newest poem. I was
oulte disturbed one Jay at hearing that
Mr. Whittles said. I should never go U
i Have you ever seen a pit
tare of the frightful Chinese
tortures? Next Sunday's Call
will contain a copy of a rare
print from a Chinese artist
who has vividly and accurate
ly portrayed them. Only four
of these prints are^in America.
Bemember next Sunday's Call
will hava a faithful reproduc
tion in the Art Magazine Sec
tion.
TV*h51e the natives of China's northern
provinces are whllingr away the time slic
ing off the heads of "the foreign devi!?,"
a number of their San Francisco
"cousins" who are banded together under
the dignified title, "The Shew Hing Be
nevolent Association," are getting evi
dence together by which they hope to col
lect J2Q.O0O damages from ex-Chief of
Police Lees aJid Sergeant Thomas S.
Duke.
Some of Lees' men under the leadership
of Sergeant Duke became convinced on
the night of October 6. 1*99, that the rat
tle of dominoes told the story that the
Ehew.Hing Association hod temporarily
rented from its benevolent labors and was
engaged In seeking needed relaxation in
little games' of "'pi gow" and "tan."
Duke"s ax distributed the splinters of the
association door in the midst of the in
terested Cantonese and the duty of in
definitely postponing the g-aine was soon
completed.
Incensed at the uninvited intrusion, the
Ehtw Hing Benevolent Association filed
suit yesterday to recover $20,</>0 damages
from Lees and Duke. As cause of action
th» plaintiff corporation sets • forth the
facts stated and, following the allegation
that Duke's visit rendered the associa
tion rooms untenable for some time, the
plaintiff maices its demand for remunera
tive and exemplary damages In the sum
named.
The case will be watched with Interest,
not alone by the Chinese, but by the
police. If these associations are exempt
from the law prohibiting the playing of
pi gow and fan tan, the police will find
themselves up in the air and one of San
Francisco's fruitful sources of revenue.
flr.es paid by Chinese gamblers for their
oCfens-es agaiR3t the law, will cease. There
are hundreds of these so-called benevolent
associations in Chinatown and all, th*s
police claim, are but gambling dens oper
ating tinder the law that J? supposed to
protect corporations organized for lawful
purposes, what fate Is In store for these
associations, whether victory or defeat,
will at least furnlfh the Chinese food for
unlimited speculation. In the mean time
while the police watch for infractions of
the law they may relieve the gambling
fever within them by betting on the out
come of the Shew King's fuIL
Demand Judgment for Heavy Dam
ages Against the Veteran Peace
Officer and Sergeant
Duke.
Will Test Their Rights in
Action Against ex-
Chief Lees.
CITY CHINESE
FILE SUIT TO
END ALL RAIDS
The latest report in army circles is to
the effect that the headquarters of tha
Third Artillery will be transferred from
the Presidio to Fortress Monroe, Va. This
means that the garrison of the Presidio
!s once mire to be of Infantry and di
rectly in line with the policy of General
Shafter, who has never looked with favor
on the p!an of allowing artillery officers
to have command of that post.
If such change he made the Presidio
will probably have as commandant Major
Lockwood of the Twenty-first Infantry,
now at the Presidio in command of the
casual detachments.
The home battalion of the Eighteenth
Infantry and the convalescent companies*
will in all probability be retained at th»
Presidio for garrison duty, as they are
the only troops available in view of so
many being ordered for foreign service.
Presidio Notes.
Troops F" and G of the Sixth Cavalry,
stationed in Tosemite, will have to move
from their present stations and Join the
remainder of their comrades who sailed
for China on the transport Grant. Their
duties will probably be assigned to com
panies of convalescents. .
There is hardly a troop of cavalry in
the service whose ranks have not been
greatly depleted, and to bring them up to
the proper numerical strength Is keeping
the recruiting officers busy. Headquar
ters at the Presidio Is In dally receipt of
telegrams announcing the departure from
various points of detachments of recruit*
to nil these vacancies.
There are now 600 patients in the hos
pital. Nineteen were discharged yester
day, eight of whom are capable of per
forming duty. • .
The bodies of seventeen soldiers who
died in Manila were • burled yesterday.
There are now about eighty-five remain
ing unburied.
A detachment of thirty-five artillery
men under, command of Lieutenant Clark
arrived from Fort Baker yesterday and
went into camp, awaiting departure on
the Hancock.
Considering the large number of men
involved, desertions are not frequent.
Since the receipt of orders for service Ii>
China bIx men have deserted, three from
Battery O and three from. Battery A,
Third Artillery. ; ¦
Private Raymond Brlggs, one of the de
tachment sent East in charge of insane
soldiers, was assaulted by one of his
charges. During the mlx-up Brlggs re
ceived a severe cut In the face. He Is
now at his home in Philadelphia.
Becruiting Marines.
Captain A. S. McL<ennon. United States
Marine Corps, has received orders from
the commandant of the marine corps at
Washington to push recruiting as rapidly
as possible. The marines were the first
to euffer in China. It will -require, a thou
sand men for duty In China alone.
Major Lock-wood, Twenty-First In
fantry, in Line for the Position
of Commandant — Few
Desertions.
Headauarters of the Third
Slated for Portress
Monroe.
ANOTHER CHANGE
IN PROSPECT AT
THE PRESIDIO
Cane From Baden to Get Married and
She IDisappeared Witli His
Money.
Fred Miller, a waiter from Baden, Is
mourning the loss of his sweetheart and
$-V¥) in {told coin, his savings for years.
He wants the police to find both, other
wise he will be heartbroken for ever.
Millar v.as a waiter in a hotel at Baxlen
ar.d Bessie was. the cook. He does not
know her surname. He fell in love with
her and Thursday they came to the city
to pet married. They engaged rooms a*t
the Standard House, Fourth and Howard
strr-ets. end Bessie induced Miller to trust
her with the custody of the jiOO. When
Y.f- awoke y. stf-rfiay morning/ Bessie had
fled, taking the money with her. He dis
covered she had not fltpt in the hou^e
end had not been eeen .*:nce 11 o'clock
Thursday night.
Miller called at police headquarters yes
terday morning, and with tears in his
tyes told how his sweetheart had victim
ized him.
••I would have trusted her with my life."
he said. He swore to a. complaint before
Jud?e Cor.lan charging Bessie with felony
• Ezlement.
Bessie, was arresred yrsterday afternoon
by I>ftectives W'r*>n and E>inan and book
t<i ct the -<"ity Prison. She is S5 years of
H&f arid her surname Is Johnson. She
3 she got J". from Miller Thursday
night, but kr.ew nothing cf IV. 1 ). and did
Dot beXl*v< he c-ver owned tn much money
::-. h:s iif>. She denied that siie intended
to marry him.
WAITER IS DECEIVED
BY HIS SWEETHEART
Two Jurors Out of a Venire of Forty
Passed in Conlan's
Court.
A start was made in the trial of the
poolroom cases yesterday afternoon In
Judge Conlan's court. A venire of forty
had been issued Thursday In the case of
Joe Peckerman of Zick Abrams' rooms
and at 2 o'clock the case was called. At
torney Coffey appeared as special prose
cutor and Attorney George Collins repre
sented the defendant.
Some of those summoned were under
or over age and others were excused for
various reasons. Out of the first twelve
only two had been accepted, and the
Judge ordered them to stand up to be
sworn, asking Collins if he had any chal
lenge to make. Colliris said he would re
serve his right to challenge till the twelve
had been passed upon, but the Judge
warned him that he had better use his
right then, but he still declined, and the
jurors were sworn. Shortly afterward one
of the other veniremen said he believed
the ordinance against poolselling was a
good one. and Collins at once challenged
him to the amu^ment of the spectators
in court. )
The two jurors accepted were John
Whiting, stove packer, 14 Second street,
and James Fortune, grocery clerk. 732
Green street. The case was continued till
July 24, and another venire of forty was
issued.
START MADE IN TRYING
THE POOLROOM CASES
searchlight on the bridge followed the boat
in all its wanderings. Not a trace of Sul
livan could be found, and once more the
Hancock had to stand on her course.
On June 27 Private Gas Morse took It
Into his head to jump overboard, and then
was seen as smart a piece of seamanship
as has been recorded In manv a day. At
2:09 p. m. the signal was given t'o the
bridge and a second later the engines were
reversed. The Hancock was going through
the water at the rate of seventeen knots
an hour, yet at 2:11 p. m. a boat was in
the water, manned and on the way to the
rescue. At 2:1S p. m. Morse was picked up
and secured In the bottom of the boat and
at 2:25 p. m. the cutter was back in the
davits and the Hancock was once more
going full speed ahead. This Is a per
formance that the officers and crew of the
Hancock have every reason to be proud
of.
On June 19 both wind and weather were
against a rescue. On June 22 the darknes-s
prevented the rescue of a man determined
to die, but on June 27 both officers and
men could see what they were doing and
the would-be suicide was rescued. The
Hancock will dock at Folsom street wharf
on Sunday and will sail for Manila this
day week.
work of getting the transport
I Hancock cway for China is going on
[ day and night. Strange to say. the
Chinese who form her crew are the
most eager of all aboard to hurry up the
sailing day. They are anxious to get the
American troops to Taku p.? quickly as
possible in order that the Boxers may re
ceive a lesson and peace and order be re
stored in China. It seems an anomaly to
eee a Chinese crew on an American trans
port that is to sail July 2S with soldiers
who may have to wage a bitter war
against the Chinese surrounding Peking.
But such is the case, and firemen, coal
passers ar.d bailors on the Hancock are
doing everything in their power to expe
dite the sailing of the vessel.
The officers of the Hancock have noth
ing but good words to say about their
Mongolian crew. The Chinese are obe
dient, sober and hard-working, and to be
depended upon in an emergency.
Cm June 1*. when the transport was only
a short time out of Manila; Private J.
Gavin jumped overboard. It ¦was raining
hard and a heavy squall brought all hands
on deck. It was 6 o'clock In the evening
and so thick that an object 200 yards away
could not be seen from the bridge. A boat
was lowered, and although it was In con
stant danger of being swamped the crew
of live made a diligent search for the
missing man, but no trace of him could be
found.
Three days after this episode Private
Joseph Sullivan Jumped overboard. This
was at 10 o'clock on the night of the 22d,
when it was pitch dark. There was not a
star in the sky and the moon had not
risen. As soori as the cry "A man over
board!" was raised a "flare" buoy was
dropped from amidships by order of Cap
tain Harry Struve. This kind of a buoy
is so constructed that when it reaches the
water it rights itself and the impact with
the water ignites two flares that are fixed
to the buoy. These throw a glare for a
great distance, and not only enable tha
drowning man to see where he can reach
a support, but also guide the boat that is
out on the search.
A few minutes after the flare buoy was
thrown over it was nearly a mile astern,
but In that time a boat had been lowered
and was beln»ar rowed back to the scene.
For thirty-four minutes the men of the
Hancock kept up the hunt, while the
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT HANCOCK SEARCHING FOR A MAN OVER
BOARD.
VII.
Thirty years ago a girl who- had written
In the Atlantic Monthly Magazine a story
called "The Tenth of January" came from
the postofflce up Andover Hill with a wfjn
derful letter in her hand. This was penned
in the delicate, flowing script of the j
Quaker poet, and was signed -with the j
great name of John G. Whittier. To th° \
unknown writer the famous man sent a j
few words, such as only he could have j
written, sayins In brief. "I have read thy ,
story." and spontaneously offering a kind
of encouragement to the young author j
which a timid, self-distrustful girl must ,
have felt to the fulL
That letter was the beginning of a !
friendship lasting over twenty year?; and j
it Is from the depths of one of those j
strong personal affections" which Whittier i
called forth and sustained in all souls s
privileged to know something of his real
life that I must speak cf him. if at all.
I could not if I would, and would not if
I could, play cold critic to the work of.
John G. Whittier. It and he both stand
apart in my thought from much of the
critical tendency of our times, and are,
in fact, above it, like a great prophet and
his strains, or the poet David and his
songs. I would as soon act modern liter-
heaven. On urging: the reason for Una
discouraging opinion I found that he hail
rot refused me admission to the heavenly
kingdom, but had stoutly averred to a
friend that I should not stay there. (At
this time, it should be said, I happened tu
be occupied in temperance work.)
"Elizabeth." he protested gravely, but
th^ stars In his eyes belied his solemn ri*»
mearyr. "thee will not stay there. Theo
wul go straight down to hell to get the
drunkards out."
The story is so good that perhaps I may
be pardoned for its. personal character.
For the true way to portray a jrro&*
friend. I think. i3 to forget one's self ;;.
the telling and "give the people of h:*
I never heard him relate an anecdote o?
his own life with keener relish than the
one about "Hannah." It has been tol>I
before, but so has almost everything con
cerning Whittled which the public shouM
*Among the horde* of visitors whr» bese
his hermit life there called one day at
Amesbury a pompous, ponderous stranger.
who began: ,»
"Mr. Whitti< i vsir. I have lonsr ¦wished to
meet you. I am proud, sir. to take by the
hand the author of 'Hannah bindir.s
shoes.' "
With the scirtillatlrc fun in his eyes
which everybedv remembers who knew
him. Mr. Whlttier. with his courtly bow.
turned to « bidv who happened to be that
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES,
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
WHITTIER: BY ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS.
Germany is rushing steamers to San
Francisco. Two of them are now on the
way and more will follow. Horses, mules
and fodder and black diamonds from the
Puget Sound collieries are to be rushed to
China, and as tiie Kaiser cannot charter
vessels in America he has to send over
some of his own merchantmen.
The Bosnia is now or 1 , her way here from
Baltimore and the Silesia from Yokohama.
Both of these are enormous carriers and
will take away about 13,000 tons of freight
between them.
The Pacific Mall Company's Walla Wal
la was to have got away at 11 a. m. for
Pugei Sound yesterday, but was delayed
through the blowing out of a manhole
gasket. She had only just got away from
•the wharf when the accident happened,
and no time was lost In getting her back
to the dock. The passengers a n remained
aboard and were v/t-H cared for by the com
pany. The steamer was to have sailed
again at 5 p. m., but it was early this
morning before she finally got away.
The steamer W. H. Kruger put in here
yesterday morning to land the crew of the
steamer I^aguna. In the latter part of
April the Laguna went ashore on the spit
at the entrance to Tillamook. Later she
was got off. and although waterlogged it
was decided to tow her to San Francisco
for assistance. Captain Genereaux and a
couple of men were in charge of the
waterlogged craft, and on July 15 the Kru
ger took her in tow and a start was made.
Two days later a northwester sprang up
and the men on the Laguna were taken
off. That night the hawser parted and
the Laguna wag lost in the thick fog. This
was ten miles southwest of Crescent City,
and the Laguna is now floating around
there a derelict and a menace to naviga
tion.
Joe Manlelaleo. a child 4 years old. was
brought to the Harbor Hospital yesterday
from Lombard-street wharf. He had been
fishing with some other boys, but went
out on East street to play. A wagon ran
over him and tractured his lep. besides
crushing his hnnd in a terrible manner.
The Bosnia Is on Her Way From
Baltimore and the Silesia From
Yokohama, to Load Horses
and Mules.
Germany Sending Steamers
Here to Carry Supplies
to China.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The contest for Assemblyman to repre
:¦• r.; tiie Forty-first District has awakened
I.-.- re than usual i^ttrest in Republican
* . ircles. The Forty-first Is a prominent
liepublicaa district. It represents in no
tncall degTet the intellect. Integrity and
refinement of San Francisco, hence all
j-eo^ie cf the interior r-^sard it as passing
sira:.;e that mcb a district sends to the
i-c-fiis.ature such a n:an as Judge Dibble.
Ue is known from one end of the State to
the other as "the serviceable agent of the
Soothers Faclnc RiUlroad in the Assem
bly. It ;s believed thai his name is oa a
iraate pay roll of the corporation, and
that while he Is ostensibly in .the Legis
lature 10 represent the people of th«
r orty-iirst LHfciriet he is there in fact to
.-¦-arc the Southern Pacif.c corporation.
Dibble's reputation if that oi a known
LcjcIiSr. not raerc-ly a railroad bnod'er, but
en ali around boodlinc legislator. The
"waste basket" episode brought him Into
notoritit> . but thai «va« only an Incident of.
bis career.
According to commnn report Dibble re
cently manipulated affairs in she Korty
rirst so that his fn'.jowers elected Arthur
hpear Jr. president o( the cflic!al Republi
can club of the district. Thjt. little move
of success so elated boss sympathizers
and ra:Iroa>i orgars that they have been
• nJttCK i>it>ble as a statesman who
had a walkover for the Legis
lature from the Forty-first. The joy
of the bosses m&y he premature. During
lite past week a remarkable anti-Dibble
e^ntiment fcag developed in the Forty-first.
Citizens and taxpayers who do not ordi
narily take an active hand in political
luffairs are Inquiring about the anti-Dibbl©
<J*lepate tickrt. Decent Republicans of
the district should l^se no time In bringing
forward a delegate ticket containing the
r?.rr.*s of men who are resolutely opposed
to giving Dibble another nomination.
"When such a ticket is hrought out no time
be lost in 'brinsring- out voters to
s-v:rpirt it at the primary election on
Arpust li
Colonel O-r>re» Stone, chairman of the
Republican Star- Committee, will
return from Ht. Paul early next week.
The chW energlea the committee are
now being: directed to ihe work of organ
izirg clubs and convincing voters of the
importance of early registration. Voters
are advised to bear in tnind that registra
tion for the primary election August 14
cioses Ju'v 2v
XV. B. Lardner of Auburn, who so ably
and creditably represented Placer County
in the Assembly of the las=t Legislature,
may enif-r the tield as a candidate for the
State Senate to succeed E. W. Chapman.
Democrat. The- district is composed of
the counties of El Dorado and Placer.
There is a strong: sentiment In favor of
Tendering the nomination to Mr. Lardner
The fact it> recalled that he made a splen
did record in the Assembly and gained the
respect end confidence of 'his fellow menx
bers.^ He was true to the cause of the
people in the Jong Senatorial contest.
Republicans Demand an Honest As
semblyman Who Will Serve the
People Regardless of
Railroad Orders,.
Sentiment Against Boodlers
and Bosses Spreading
in Districts.
REVOLT AGAINST
H. C. DIBBLE ON
IN FORTY-FIRST
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
Chinese Firemen, Coal Passers and Sailors on the Trans
port Eager to Carry Soldiers to China to Fight
1 llcir v_>\JLl 1 1 Li V 1 1 lei I •
SUICIDES KEPT THE CREW
OF THE HANCOCK VERY BUSY
Sudden Death of John O'Hara,
. John O'Hara, a well-known hackman,
died suddenly yesterday at his residence,
153 Tehaina street. He had been suffering
for a long time with an abscess or cancer
of. the stomach.' He was a. native of Ire
laud, 63 i"«tf* «U»
New City Hall Elevator.
The Board of Public works received
bid3 yesterday on a new electric eleva
tor In the new City Hall from four firms,
as follows: Cahill & Hall Elevator Com
pany, $4925: Otis Elevator Company,
$4900 and $4950; W. L. Holman, $5000. and
A. J. McXlcholl. $1330. The bids were
taken under advisement until the 27th
.lost.
Sacrificoof Curios.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
POSTU2I CEB-EAIfc
CAN SLEEP NOW
Since I/saving Off Coffee.
"Up to five years ago I had used cof-
fee all my life, but was finally forced to
frive it up on account of the way it acted
en me. Right after drinking it I would
he taken with a dizzy headache and sour
stomach and have to make a cup of
ftnrag ;ca before I could go about my
work.
"Two years ago I started on Postum
Food Coffee and since finding how to
make it properly I would not exchange
it for the best coftee I ever saw. My old
troubles have disappeared entirely, I
have pained considerable flesh and, whit
is still better, sleep perfectly at night,
which was not the case while using
cofTee.
"When I first u?ed Postum ray hus-
complained of its being tasteiess,
V.' I tried to use more cf .it. but as that
Ciid not help matters I tried more boil-
ing, which proved to be the right thing.
and now it is delicious." Mrs. \V. A.
Eckels, Sissoa, Cat
There Is no more ¦ delightful trip on the
coast than a ride through Marin. Sonoma
and Russian River Valley, and It becomes
a positive pleasure when It can be taken
in comfort. Take excursion to Ukiah,
Sunday. July 22. Only $2 for round trip,
&nd each ticket sold insuxe& a. aqatTHE STOCK MARKET.
NEW • TORK, July 20. — Bradstreet's to-mor
row will Bay:
Improved crop conditions furnish the keynote
of the trade and price movement. As a result
of them, nearly all staple agricultural products
are lower In price and at the same time a
perceptible livening up of demand for fall de
livery Is noted at the West, Northwest and
South. The beginning of fall trade • is conse
quently more clearly visible In the sections
mentioned, while at the East the markets are
slow to experience this Improvement and are
consequently seasonably dull. Bank clearings
as yet fall to reflect any* perceptible Improve
ment In distribution, and railway earnings,
though of large volume, are, owing to compari
sons being made with exceptionally good re
sults last year, showing less notable Increases
both In ctops and net returns. An Increased
cost of repairs, betterments, fuel and wages
are unitedly responsible for this latter feature,
because gross receipts for later periods reported
show continued, though small, gains.
Hog products have gone lower with corn,
as has also wheat, in which continued liquida
tion'has been noted, with the result of induc
ing partial return of the export Inquiry ban
ished from the market by the recent heavy
rise. On the basis of a crop of {£0,000,000 bu.»h
els total' crop, the outlook Is that an export
of 132,000,000 to 110,000,000 bushels will be possible
without reducing visible and farm supplies ma
terially from the totals estimated held on-
July 1.
Iron and Ste-?1 prices are, evidently scraping
on bottom. If reports from leading centers of
cost of raw material and wages are correct.
Beesemer pig at Plttsburg. Is on $17 basis with
billets at $21 against respectively $20 and $33
a year ago, so that'much of the "boom" prices
have been cut. Eastern and Southern Iron
markets are lower than a week ago. No. 1
Northern Foundry being off $l*per. ton. and low
grade Southern Iron Is accumulating. A fa
vorable feature Is ,the increasing number of
Inquiries from Europe. Soft coal Is going
abroad, too, a cargo leaving for London short
ly. Tin Is cornered locally 'and higher ; on the
week, while copper Is firmer. Anthracite Coal
Is steady and confidence In future . prices is
notable.
The textile situation Is a mixed one. - Present
prices for raw cotton and finished material
do ' not harmonize. Chinese troubles have
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
The leading futures ranged as follows
CHICAGO, July 20.— The experience of yes
terday, a weak opening and a strong finish,
was repeated on the Board of Trade to-day In
the wheat market. September opened H@*iic
under yesterday at 76%c to 7694c, scalpers sell-
Ing on bearish foreign news. Liverpool showed
poor appreciation of the advance here yester
day and her receipts for three days, 872.000
bushels, contained only 114.000 bushels from
America. Argentine shipments were also large.
Following the opening dip, however, a reac
tion set In. The Chronicle estimating the Cal
ifornia yield reduced the prospect from 1,000,000
tons to 550,000 tons, or 18.430,000 bushels, com
pared with 83,000,000 bushels a year ago. The
estimate was rather startling. The talent had
been paying more attention to other points and
the announcement sent shorts to cover. Later
in the day gloomy reports from North Dakota
came as u bull Influence, helping along the
advance. The market during the forenoon
climbed to 7Sc, ! dropped on profit-taking to
77%©77%c and then recovered to 78Vi<&7S%c, anil
closed strong 9i&%c over yesterday at 77\
e77T4c. • ¦
A very urgent demand, reports of damage to
Kansas and Nebraska corn, that rain could
not repair and the wheat strength caused the
corn market to rule strong. September clcs;d
\i<g%c over yesterday. -
, Oats were strong in sympathy with wheat
and corn, but trade was quiet. September
closed %<&"%c up at 23%©23%c.
Provisions were strong, partly on the grain
strength, partly on a good cash demand and
partly on light hog receipts In the West. Sep
tember closed 22%c over yesterday. Lard
closed 10c up and ribs 15c better.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 8SU
Sterling Cables - 4 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight.... — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4S&
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— California crop estimates have been
materially reduced during the nest few days,
as hot weather when grain was in the milk
pinched the kernels and thereby reduced the
weight.
Chicago did better, in spite' of unfavorable
cables and large Argentine receipts of 2.225.000
bushels. There was some foreign selling early
ln the day, but offerings were moderate. Ocean
freights advanced and Germany chartered fif
teen steamers for transport Bervlce to China.
There were liberal export sales of Flour. Corn
•was easy under rains In Kansas and Nebraska.
The local market was dull and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. *1 05; milling. $1 07<4
m 10 ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls, $1 13 vi; 12,000. $t 13%; 2000. .$1 13%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls. $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 13**'
Afternoon Session— December— 6300 ctls. $1 13%.
BARLEY— The market rules firm, with sales
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 63@67%c for oft
grades'; Brewing and shipping grades, 75®'S0c;
Chevalier, nominal. , .
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
-Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 73»ic.
OATS— Under the continued Government pur
chases already mentioned the market rules firm
and several descriptions have again advanced.
White. *1 13@1 35; Surprise. $1 !7V,(gl 33: Red.
$1 07»4@l 20: Gray. |1 10@l 20; Black,' Jl 05®
1 12% per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. "J1-17V4©1 20 per
ctl- Eastern White, U 17&S1 20 per ctl; Mixed,
si i;«i 17H.
RYE— 90®35c per ctl. The market Is weak
and slightly lower, the foreign demand having
been satisfied for the present.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60©3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. ?2 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and 13 15@3 50 for bakers' : Eastern. $4 75©
5 75 Der barrel -
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In * sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, H per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal,-. 13 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cora Meal. $2 75;
NEW" TORK. July 20. — Bradstreet' s review of
the New York etock market to-day will say:
The stock market has been strong In the face
of dullness and of the Chinese situation and
other adverse factors of external origin. The
renewal of gold exports and the appearance
of hardening tendencies In money caused, how
ever. Bomewhat a weaker tone to prevail in the
last few days and the market seemed more
disposed to pay attention to the grave Interna
tional complications which may result from
the trouble in' China.
The reactions which were occurring In Rus
sian and other governmental securities, as well
as those of China, have again unsettled the
foreign markets and led to London being a
heavy seller of stocks here. The advance In
the Bank of England rate from 3 to 4 per cent
on Thursday and the shipment of $2,000,000 gold
from New Tork to Paris points to the tact
that Kurope is preparing for financial pressure
and will use all efforts to attract gold from
this country. Our market Is certainly Inclined
to regard the gold exportatlons without fear,
particularly In view of the large Influx of the
metal from Alaska and the news of heavy
specie- shipments lh progress or In prospect
from Australia to Ban Francisco. It Is recog
nized that American money Is relatively too
low and that higher Interest will be but the
proper protection against European demands,
although with the abundance of capital In the
country there Is no apprehension on the part
of Wall street regarding any serious disturb
ance of money rates, even If European borrow
ings here should assume much greater propor
tions. The news from Peking on Friday an
nouncing the safety of the American and other
Ministers, had a favorable effect on the market
at large and caused advances throughout the
list, with a strong tone at the close.
Nav York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 20. — The Ptock market
rr.aije a frreatf-r s=how of animation and strength
than for some titw pa?t, and the advances
In price from the low point to the highest
were in many ca«-s fairly Impressive. During
the period of the advance the market looked
Ftronjr and varied, but a close analysis of t!ie
Cay'e trading thowa thut the ftrer.Rth and anl
rratlon were a: j-.areni rather than real. This
It due to th<? fact that the advance l*»gan
from the invttagc ground of an early decline
in pympiithy with the depression In London and
the expectation that there would be annour.r*.
nv-ru at gol 1 expert* by New York. It was
at thi.« stage of the speculation that there
came th>> pu<iden and un^xpecled new? ihat
Vr.ited Slates Minister Conger had been hearl
ironi by the State IV-partinent. The bears
ha.st;iy covered their short contracts when this
became known. LJut the publication of the text
ot" the mfsfagp which quickly followed caused
a chtll to f;K-culative sentiment a? it did to
warmer ser.tirnents of humanity throughout the
worid. The n;arket did not relapse to the low
level attain ar.il waa h*l<l by the notable buoy
uncy in different portions of the industrial
list. Sugar was the central feature of the mar
ket all day, the dealings in the Mock far out
nurr.l ering those in any oth^r in the list. The
ground for the advance was the very large
business rer<irt*tj in the f-ugar Industry.
This wa> t-ujijilemented hy all sorts of ru
mors circulated t,v the bulls" of prospective ex
tra dividends. Their efforts were directed
against a j-erxietent and longr-ptanding fhort
interest, which was forced to cover largely at
the advance. The Ybole mirket turned down
wards In the lxte dealings when profit-taking
became evident In Sugar. That stock lost
about two i-oints and reactions in some other
rtocks extended from or.e to two points. The
closing was thereby made iieavy and the net
changes Were reduced to fraction?, except In
a f»w of the Fpeciaiti^y mentioned. Th*> move
ment was aimoft entirely professional through
out ar.d the late ."ucline was wholly due to
I.rofit-takmg. with the exception of some sell
ing by for-lgn arbitrage houses In anticipation
ot lower prices Ju foreign markets to-morrow
The foreign exchange market was firmer and
moved up a cent, but th» foreign exchange
towns report that Paris is etlll the greatest
point ff attraction for E old and that the next
shipments will rrotably be made there In
fteed of London. As to-morrow's steamers do
not touch at French points no engagements for
t-hipments were made.
The bond market continued <;n!et Total
Bale*. H.CK.000. New 4s registered declined >i
In tne bid price.
JCEW YORK STOCK LIST,
Shares . ciosinr
Fold. Ftnck- DM
4 240 AtchiFon 26V
31.415 Atchison prefd "" cu£
1,400 Ualtlmore & Ohio ".'...' Jjf
Canadian Pacific '..'.'.'.'." &SV4
200 Canada Southern " 4j
2.0T5 Chesapeake & Ohio .'.'.". 2'^
Chicago Great Western "/. joi
7,110 Chicago, Hur & Qulncy 125
Chicago, Ind & Ix>uisvllle..... " 2J
Chicago. Ir.J * Louim-ille prefd to
Chirac^ & SZuKt Illinois 87
•21 Chicago & Northwestern :;9u
Z.O'S Chicago. Hock Island & Pacific... lOCH
»M C C C i- St Louis z-j
l.jfiQ Colorado Southern fis^
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4p^
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd H 1^
Delaware & Hudson i;2
200 Delaware. Lack & Western its
Denver & Rio Grande 17V£
<C"> Denver & Rio Grande prefd €5%
Erie 10%
1,270 Erl* irt preM &i±
HZ Great Northern prefd ..........ii3
Hocklrg <>*• I ; m$
Hocking Valley u
3.C3 Illinois Central ujJS
3.347 Iowa Central 20
4CO Iowa Central prefd 4S
110 Kans City. Pitts & Gulf 1«
Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 90
Lake Khore 21ft
6.C60 Louisville & Nashville T3Vi
S.330 Manhattan L 60'4
4,C35 Metropolitan Street Hallway I32*i
800 Mexican Central \z\^
415 Minn A St Louie 55U
K"0 Minn At Ft Louis prefd si
t,4W MteFourl Pacific SOTi
V&i Mobile & Ohio SS
EASTERN MARKETS.
Some kinds of Ccal are dearer.
There Is not much change In Dairy Produce,
though Butter and Eggs are advancing in the
wbolef»a.le markets.
Aleats and Poultry sell about the same, ootti
being In the usual supply.
The fruit and vegetable markets are well
supplied as usual at this time of the year.
Grapes and Melons are still mnre or lesu scares
and dear, but will very soon be cheaper.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel % 01.1 w> ISouthfleld
Wellington . @11 CO Wellington ®U 00
Seattle 9 WX&- iCoos Bay —<& 7 -u
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, per sqr...4fi'a4">; Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 3d®3o! dozen 203C5
Cheese. Cal lofa 15! Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern... 17'g 2'} i pound 121J13
Che»se. Swiss 20'irr". j Do. extracted. ..Ui-, ".J
Common Eggs lag 17 1
Meats, per Ih—
Bacon lSffttlPork. ?alt 12f71S
Beef, choice 15<g20 : Pork Chops 1501S
Do pood WBU Round Steak 10^.13
Corned Beef — $10^Sirloln Steak 15©—
Ham Eastern.. lj^li 1 --: ! Porterhouse do. ...20^25
Lard —015; Smoked Beef —#15
Mutton 10(U12jPork Sa usages.. 12 \-i'n2^
Spring Lamb IZHV, Veal —©13
Pork, fresh loifCO.'
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each S03G0:Ducks. each 5P@3o
Your.* Roosters. Geese. each...$l 2581 50
each 6CSS7 Pigeons, pair 40®r>0
Old Roosters, ea.— wiO|Rabbit3. pair...... 40<j*5O
Fryers, each 401&45 Hare, each —*>'?>
Broilers, each 3tW«» Dovea. per doz.Jl 00<2—
Turkeys, per lb...l5$IU(
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots 4@ 5:Grapes, per lb S313
Almonds, per ib..!3W — jOranges. dozen WCpUi
Apples 4£ 5!Lemons, dozen WciZi
Bananas, dozen. ..li^? 1 Nectarines, per "ib <"•: $
Blackberries. dwr-20-USM Plums, per lb \<& 3
Crabapples, per lb lit Si Raisins, per Ib... S-JI13
Cantaloupes, each lr^vj'O Raspberries. <iwr. .30^10
Currants, drawer.SO'jj'o' Peaches, rer lb. .. 43 S
Figs, per lb lli S' Strawberries, per
Logan Berries, per | drawer 23 til.
drawer oO'SeO Walnuts, per Ib. — "5J13
Nutmeg Melons. i Watermelons, ea. .::.¦•? id
each E@10
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doz... 30960' Lettuce, per <lo-a..1Zl> —
Asparagus, per Ib 4&10J Onions, per lb 3W 5
Beets, doz \ZTi \:> ¦ Okra, green, per
Beans, white, lb.. 5'cf— i lb 10^15
Colored, per lb.. 4f» 5 j Peppers, green.16 »al-»
Lima, per lb — MS j Potato**, per lb.. 3t» .>
Cabbage, each 5£ao, Parsnips, per doz.l^i —
Cauliflowers, each 54*10 1 Rhubarb, per lb.. Vii 6
Celery, bunch 5#— IRadlshes. ds bchs!0£13
Cress. <Jcs bachs..20iy;j ' Sage, doz tncha.~.S63S
Cucumbers, per {String Beans, lb.. 4-3 *
dozen 10@ — Summer Squasit
Egg Plant, lb ""Sal": per lb 43 5
Green Corn. doz.. 10:330, Thy me. per lb 20'o3»
Green Peas, lb — y, a'Turnlps. per day.. It) i> 15
Lentils, per lb C® si Tomatoes, per lb. id *
Fish—
Barracuda lTfl— Shad 129—
Carp SS10 Sea Bass —#13
Codfish 12§— (Smelts 12"{t—
Flounders sai^jSoles ...\ IIS—
Halibut 12a U ' Skates, each 8313
Klngflsh — «i:|Tcmeod -8U
Mackerel 13©— Clams, gallon 50<f»—
Do. Horse ¦ Q'-l Do hardshell. ICO. 4<Vttii>
Perch MViillj Crabs, each 10O1S
Pomplno — tf — I Co srftshell. (tu.Tifffi
Rockflsh — <f 12 i M-issels. quart 10ttl2
Salmon, fresh 12^15 |Oy«ter«. Cal. 100.. 40^50
Do. smoked — -UI0: Do Eastern. djz2i*«i3
Shrimps SftiOj
NEW YORK. July 20.— FLOUR— Receipts, 13.
049 barrels; exports, 6479 barrels; sales. 17.150
packages. Very quiet; buyers and sellers were
far apart on spring, but nearer a working basis
on winter brands. The close was steady.
WHEAT — Receipts, 2S.675 bushels; exports.
; sales. 3.170.000 bushels; futures. 280.0CO
bushels export. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, S4T»o
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 84«^c elevator; Na 1
Northern Duluth. 87%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive;
No. 1 hard Duluth. fSTic f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options— After an easy start, due to
bearish foreign news, turned stronger and
maintained a stiff, undertone all day. The re
covery was Influenced by bad Northwest crop
news, reduced California crop estimate* an-1
late war talk by way of Paris. Closed firm at
tic net advance; July closed 82%c; September,
Su":i(gg2 9-16c, closed 62T,»c; December, 82 1-16©
S3*«c, closed S3Vic.
HOPS-Dull.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Srot. Rio, quiet; No. 7 In voice.
9%c. Mild, quiet. Futures opened barely steady,*
closed steady with prices 15(g20 points lower.
Totals sales. 53,250 bags. Including: July, $8 33;
August $S 40; September, $S 40@S 45; October,
?S 45iiTS 55; November, $8 55ig8 65; December,
IS 75© S S5; January, $S 80^8 85; March, $S »0g9,
and May. J9 10.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4%c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4%c. Alolassea sugar, 4Hc; re
fined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 4100 packages. Market,
firm; creamery. 16'4 ( fl9H:c; packed current lac
tory, 14Q16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6449 packages. Market,
firm; Western. llffllHc for average lot; West
ern loss oft*. 16^15>£o.
DRIED FRUITS.
NBTV TORK, July 20.— California dried fruits
continue Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3 J^i<,c; prime. 5Vi@0%c; choice. 5%@«Hc; fancy.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES— 3H@7c per pound
as to size and qullty.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 15@17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. U@lSc; unpeeled. 6^9c
New York Metal Market.
NEW TOTtK, July 20.— Business was quiet In
the metal market to-day.
PIGIRON WARRANTS— Were quoted nomin
ally on the basl» of $13.
TIN — Was a little steadier In the local mar
ket on account of an advance of £1 in London,
closing at $35 for SDOt.
COPPER— Closed dull for lake at $16 50. while
elcctrgolltlc and casting were advanced %c.
LEAD— Dull and unchanged at $3 97H04 02%.
SPELTER— Firm at $4 2O@4 25.
The brokers' price for lead was $3 95 and for
copper, $16 50.
New York Grain and Produce.
Charters.
ce Ar.r.!e Jchr.son loads merchandise for
Hilo; Edward May merchandise for Honolulu.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Walla Walla sailed for Victoria ye«
tr-rday with a general cargo valued at $15,484,
lTic!ud)r.g the following:
6 cs cheose. S bJls wrings, 16 bdls pipe. 18
pKfl hardware, 20 cs drugs. 6 or mlllwork. 10
Cl 3 bfcta wine, 13 cp dry gr>^s. % pkgs wagons.
13 J'kss groceries and provisions. 24 bbls pitch.
70o bales sail. 3 jktrs machinery. 141 cs canned
goodF, IS bxs raisins, 30 eks beans, 900 pkgs
dried fruit, 1314 fks malt. BM lbs bread. 76
j kg* marble. 4 Mis h..p<\ 36 rks* vegetables.
6 bdls burlap. 15 r-dis cordage, 2U bxs lemons.
fc2 pips tin, 25 cs millstufTs, COO lbs supar. 10
ro'ils leather, 20 sks onions, f.0 cs prune?, 4fi
of pajste, 8 hare 44 theet* steel, 20 kegs rivets,
H tkF peanuts. 6 o« black lead, 3S0O lbs butter,
23 i'k£f- Chinese provisions.
In transit: 1C> cs Chinese fish, value $37.
For Urisbane. Australia: 6 cr bicycles, value
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.
SAN* FRANCISCO. July *».— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka C2 L.os Aneeles 74
Fresno 1J6 Sacramento SS
Mount Tama'.pais... SI Independence K
P.ed UluS 9? fan Diego 72
San Luis Oblspo" 74
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
f >; minimum. 52; mean. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The S'inora «nrm. ae a.nticir>ated in yester
day's forecast, has moved slowly northward
through California and Southern Nevada. Rain
hag fallen generally in Arizona and light show
er* are reported in Southern and Central Cali
fornia- Conditions axe favorable for showers
SaiunJay over a lar^e portion of the Pacific
Elope.
The teir.neratur* has fallen rapidly in the
preat valleys of California. It has risen over
Washir.ptun ard Eaffn Oregon. Throughout
¦\Vashir.rton and Oregon the temperatures are
from I to IS degre^E above the normal.
Forecast ma<i<- at £an Francisco for thirty
h<>urt« ending midr.lght. July 21. 1W.):
Northern < ailforr.ia— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Saturday: proUably light showers; light
southerly winds.
Southern Callfornla-Clcufly. unsettled weath
er Saturday, with shower*; light westerly
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday.
Utah — Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday; probably light
chowere.
San Fraricieco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Batttrday; probably light showers; light
southerly winds." changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE,
Forecast Official.
• .
Missouri. Kans & Texas 9H
320 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 31U
125 New Jersey Central 127H
L45O New York Central 129^
2.340 Norfolk & Western 33% |
Norfolk & Western prefd 76H
423 Northern Pacific prefd 71Vi '
425 Northern Pacific prefd 714 I
1,870 Ontario & Western 20*4 |
Oregon Railway & Nav 42 i
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76 j
4.119 Pennsylvania 12S%
200 Readir.g 17 j
750 Reading 1st prefd 60
200 Reading 2nd prefd 29
Rio Grande Western 59H
Rio Grande Western prefd 90 I
100 Et Louis & San Fran S% I
1C0 St Louis & Ssn Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 33 j
St Iv>uis>, Southwestern 9V4 :
2.700 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 25
S.640 St Paul 110%
St Paul prefd 17O'i
St Paul & Omaha HO .
4.U0 Southern Pacific 33 s *
6W Southern Railway 11^.
1.700 Southern Railway prefd 52 1 * ,
100 Texas & Pacific 14»i
27.C30 Union Pacific 57H !
2,460 Union Pacific prefd T5VI j
Wabafh "
£00 Wabash prefd 18% '
Wheeling & L E S*>» ,
140 Wheeling & L E 2nd prefd 22 T $ ,
Wisconsin Central 14V4
Eir^f* Companies—
SIS Adams 1*0
American 153
Tniter] States 45
Weil? Farso 122
Miscellaneous—
375 American Cotton Oil 34H
Americnn Cotton Oil prefd 88^4
I"0 American Maltins 3V»
2fO American Maltlngr prefd 20
1.J0O American Smelting & Refining 37%
412 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 8SH
American Spirits IMi
American Spirits prefd 17
2.2S5 American Steel Hoop 22 ]
American Pteel Hoop prefd 69>4 j
17,475 American Steel & Wire 34% j
2,450 American Steel & Wire prefd 74 t
110 American Tin Plate 22^
American Tin Plate prefd 77
38.T.20 American Tobacco : 93
American Tobacco prefd 123
2.44", Anaconda Mining Co 42"4
2S.745 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66
1.750 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34
6.425 Continental Tobacco 2e%
(40 Continental Tobacco prefd '. 79Vi
6,475 Federal Steel 34%
1,540 Federal Steel prefd 60^
510 General Electric 129 1 *
Glucose Supar 53
Glucose tsujcar rrefd 99
500 International Paper 23
1,500 Internntional Pap*-r prefd 65 & i
LaclMe Gas "4 l 4
$30 National Biscuit 30"»
170 National Biscuit prefd tO \
National Lead 20*4 j
Nationcl Lead prefd 97"^
3.100 National Steel 2CH |
100 National Steel prefd 84 i
100 New York Air Brake 136
CM Nr-rth American IS 1 *
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd t>3
Pacific Coast Id prefd 62H
5.700 Pacific Mall 32&i
4.17S People's Gas ":»
1,040 Pressed Steel Car 43 1 -*
600 Preyed Steel Car prefd 74>4
Pullman Palace Car 1S1H I
«30 Standard Ror-e & Twine 5
7».9«5 Sugar 12"H
200 Sugar prefd 117
5. £75 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69'i
16.925 United States Leather 9**
1.000 United States Leather prefd 6$v 4 j
2 02A United States Rubber 24'A
150 United States Rubber prefd 93
100 Wertern Union 79^4
530 Republic Iron & Steel Co 12\i
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 54
p C C & St Louis 57
900 Third Avenue 110
390. COO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. when M K & T 2d» 69'4
issued, reg 104 JM K & T 4s Sl*k
Do coupon 104 IN T Central lsts...lOS
U S 2s r«"g 100 !N J Cent sen 5s.. ..122
U S 2s reg 1094 N Pacific 3s 66
U S 3s coup UOHiN Pacific 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg.. ..132% N Y C & S L 4S...106H
U S new 4s coup..lS3VN & W con 4s 97"-4
U S old 4s reg llo^iDr Nav lsts 107
U S old 4s coup...H5H Or Nav 4s 102%
U S 5s reg 113V* Or Short Line €s...l28
U S 5s coup l\ihi Or S Line con 5s...lll
THr of Col 3.CS....123 Reading Gen 4s.... SS\»
Atchlson gen 4s....l01«ii R G W lets 97**
Atchlson adj 4s.... tt\S L & I M con ES..110
Canada Bo 2ds 107* 4 S L & S F sen 6s. 122
Ches & Ohio 4Hs... 99Vi 5t Paul cons 166V4
Ches & Ohio 5s 116VS P C & P lsts 116%
C & NW con 7s. ...141 S P C & P 5s 11SH
C ft NWSFdeb os.120 So Pacific 4s 79
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 92^4 3o Railway 6s 108V*
Colo Southern 4s... 85 iStand R & T Cs.... 72'i |
D & R G lsts 102 !Tex & Pac >ts 111W ]
D t- R G 4s 97S |Tex & Pac 2ds E5
Erie General 4s CSVCnlon Pacific 4s. ...105%
F W & D C lsts... 70 IVa Centuries 90
General Elec 5s imijWaba«h ms 116VI
Iowa Central lsts..H2V 4 '.Wabash 2d« 103
K C P & G lsts.... 71H .West Shore 4s 112
L & N Uni 4s 9&HiWi» Cent lsts bS
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .., 15 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point lw.Ophlr 64
Con Cal & Va llSiPlymouth 10
Deadwood 4* .Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 20' Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 18'Slerra Nevada 24
Homestake 50 00 i Standard 3aO
Iron Silver 54 Union Con 16
Mexican 14 Yellow Jacket — 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'Union Pacific £7%
Call loans 2^3>West End 93«4
Time loans 3^4 Westing Elec 47
Stocks— 1 Bonds—
A. T & St Fe 26 l 4 j Atchlson 4s 100
Do prefd 63% ;N E Gas & C 5s.. 65Vi
Amer Sugar 127H| Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 lAdventure 2
Amer Telephone.. .144 lAUouea Mining Co 1
Boston Elev 142 Arnal Copper 87
Boston & Maine. .lSSt iAtlontlc 23
Chi. Bur & Q 126 Boston & Mont 301
Dominion Coal 3S>V,:Butte & Boston... 63
Federal Steel .... 34% Calumet & Hecla.730
Do prefd 66'^:Centennlal IB*)*
Fltchburg prefd 136 jFrankl'n 12Vi
Gen Electric 130 Osceola 64"-
Do prefd 137 jParrot 41T»
Mf-xican Central... 12Vi Qulncy HO
Mich Tel $7'4 Santa Fe Copper.. 4\
N E Gas & Coke.. 16 Tamarack 193
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining 23 .
Old Dominion lSVi Winona ZVi
Rubber 24 Wolverines 37**
New York Jiloney Market.
j NEW YORK. July 20.— Close: Money on call.
| steady, l*>i(?lH Per c«nt- Prime mercantile
paper, -4Q4** per cent. Sterling exchange,
etronc. with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 !>7'.4 for demand and at $4 831494 84 tor
! sixty ilayf. Posted rates, $4 M'.i'«4 85 and $1 88;
Commercial bills. $4 S3^C4 83H- Bar stiver. 61c.
Silver certificates. 61H'd<!2Vic. Mexican dol
lars. 4SVic. Government bonds, weak; State
bcn<Js, Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, July M.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the tl20.000.coo gold reserve In the
division of redemption Bhows: Available cash
balance, $111,895,687; gold. $71.2S9,42S.
London Market,
NEW YORK. July 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were still depressed • to-day, but
hardened toward the close on the report that
CHICAGO, July 20.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Pears— Bartletts, 60c@$l 40 box, 4D@S3c half
box. Peaches— Crawfords, 23S«0c box; Foeter,
25®53c; Decker, 40-&05c. - Nectarines— 40©S0c
single crate. Grapes — Fontalnebleau, 50c
@il 60. Plums — Comedy, 7acig-il 45 single
crate; Diamond. S5cgJJl 25; Kelsey Japans,
60c#Jl 40; Klmball, 75<&S0c; Washington,
75®S0c; Yellow Egg. $1 06@l 20; Wickson.
55c©$l 60. Prunes— Hungarian, 70@75c; Silver.
$1«1 05; Tragedy. 90c(?U 05.
Porter Bros. Company's sales were: Plums-
Washington, 75<gS0c elnule crate; Japan, 80c;
Hed May. $1 06; Bradshaw. 75c; Kelsey Japan.
GOcg^l 40; AVIckson, SOciatl 60; California Ked,
90cratl 05; P. D., 85c; Diamond, $1 20<gl 25; Sat
suma, »0c; Tellow Egg, $1 05'fll 20; Klmberly.
75@90c. Prunes— Tragedy, 90c<a$105 single
crate; Gros, $1 15; Silver, $1®1 05. Peaches-
Early Crawford. 40<g60c box; Foster, 30<S35c;
Decker* s. 45@S5c. Pears— Bartletts, $1®1 30 box
and 55<g85c half box; Comedy, 75c@tl box. Nec
tarines—Red, 45c single crate.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit were: Peass—
Bartletts, $1«J1 35 box. Plums— Washington. 75
<g«5c sinsle crate; Columbia, 70c; P. D., 80@90c;
Bradshaw, 65@75c; Satsuma, 65S75c; Burbanks,
eocfoil 40; Yellow Eggs, $1 35@1 60; Botan, $1 05.
Prunes— Tragedys, 60c@$l 05 single crate; Ger
mans, 65ci@$i 05.
The Earl Fruit Company's sale* were: Pears
— Bartletts, $1'5'1 60. Peaches — Early Crawford,
50c@$l 05 box. Plums— Kureka, $1 05<@l 60 single
crate; Purple Duane, 90c@fl. Prunes— Germans,
SOcffSl 05 single crates; Tragedy, 900^1 50
single crate. Eighteen cars of fruit were void
to-day.
LONDON, July 20. — The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit at auction to-day:
Pears— Bartletts, $1 98@2 34 two-flfths box;
Souvenir de Congress, $1 38(31 44 two-flfths
box. Peaches — Early Crawfords, average $1 56
box. Plums — Eureka, $2 16@2 28 single crate;
Wickson, |2 16JJ2 88; Jefferson, $1 56@1 SO; Ogon,
$1 5691 80; Washington, $1 44(§1 56; Burbanks.
95c©$l 76; Purple Duane. $1 0S@l 44. Prunes-
Tragedy, $2 1&82 88 single crate.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1500. Native steers. slow; butchers* stock,
steady. Natives, best on sale to-day, one car
load at |5 35; good to prime steers, $5©5 65;
poor to medium, $4 40@5; selected feeders. $4 40
@4 75; mixed etockers. $3 25®3 90; cows, $3@4 50:
heifers, *3<35; canners, $2^-2 85; bulls. $3®
4 65; calves, $4 505j« 25; Texans, receipts, 500;
Texas steers, l*g20c higher, at $4 10<g5; grass
steers, $3 25@4 15; bulls, steady, $2 50(£3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 11. COO; estimated to-morrow.
10.000; left over. 45CO. Average prices a shade
higher; top, $5 27V4; mixed and butchers, J5@
5 25; good to choice heavy, $5 lO-g-5 25; rough
heavy, J4 00<{i5; lights. $5 O5@5 27Vi; bulk of
sales, $5 15<§5 20. •
SHEEP — Receipts. 6000. Sheep, steady to
stror.K for best; lambs, 23c lower. Good to
choice wethers, $4#4 50; fair to choice mixed,
$3(fj3 S5; Westerns. $3@4 25; Texas sheep, I3S4;
native lambs, $4g5 70; Western lambs, J5i&3 50.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 20.— There was a large at
tendance present at the last day of the series
of the wool auctions to-day. The number of
bales offered were 11,043. There was a good
selection, the home trade buying cross-breds
freely. During the sale 78,000 bales of wool
were sold to the home trade. 50,000 to the
Continent and 2000 to America; . 15S.C00 bales
were held over. .
PORTLAND, Or,. July 20. — Clearings, $301,
795; balances. $31,881.
Portland's Business.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. July 20.-To-day most of the
exporters were quoting Walla Walla and Val
ley wheat nominal at 55@S6c and Bluestem
5i<g59c.
Cleared— Ship Rickmer Rlcklners, for Queens
town, with 111,630 bushels wheat.
TACOMA. July 20.— No change in wheat,
strong and quiet. Bluestem, 59c; Club, 57c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 20.— Consols, 97 9-16; sliver,
2SV»d; French rentes, 99f 67^c Wheat, cargoes
on passage, white, firm; red. dull; No. 1 stand
dard California, 30c; English country markets,
ql LIVERPOOL. July 20.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s 2\idS6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak. Cotton, uplands,
5 27-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 3d; No. 1 California. Cs 2Hd@6s 3Hd. Fu
turee, quiet: July, nominal; September, 6s l*^d;
December. 6s l%d.
CORN— Spot new, quiet; old. steady: Amer
ican 'mixed, 3slO?id; do old, 3s lid. Futures,
quiet; September, 33 lid; November, 3a HVsd.
74c; Fruit Bags. 6'ig«\c for white and SHQ
S%c for bleached jut*.
COAL— Wellington. JO per ton: Southflel 1
Wellington, $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6; Coca
B*y *j 50; Wal'send, $9; Co-operative Walla
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. Sit. Can
r.el. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton In bulk an.l
$13 in sacks; Castle Gate and Rock Sprinsa.
$S 43 i>er 2000 pounds.
Harrison's circular says: "During the we»k
there have been three arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 71C0 tons; thr#e from British
Columbia." 12.7^ tons: one from Australia. 2yJi
tons; total. 22.97S tons. There were five deliv
eries here of Australian last week, amounting
to 13,735 tons; this has not happened for several
years; they went directly to consumers, as tha
ccal was badly needed. Seldom before In tha
history of the trad* have the yards looked aa
they do now with such slim stocks on har.d;
and the cutlock Is most discouraging as to fu
ture supplies. In former years we recjlved
from Australia and Great Britain an average
of 30.000 tons monthly, whereas this year W9
shall not receive to exceed 10.C-00 tons: the defi
cit has to be made trood by increased shipments
from the coast collieries and crude oil. Our
fuel consumption Increases annually, and our
sources of supply are becoming more prescribed.
Our position to-day- would be a most serious
one If oil had not come to our rescue. At last
our colliery proprietors are availing themselves
of the present depleted condition of our yards,
and have marked up prices. There Is a limit
to the advance on domestic coal, as housekeep
ers w'.H drop Its use an.l consume gas for econ
omy. Australia will cease to become one of
our sources of supply If the Chinese war be
comes general, as the war ships centered there
will draw their fuel supply from the colonies."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per It), in 100- lt> bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c; Powdered.
5.80c; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry Granulated.
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia. A. 5.30c;
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more:
EO-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domtncs.
half-barrels. 6.45c; boxes, 6.70c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BF.EF-S^ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 8H§9c; small. SViSWfeo jxr
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. TV4@Sc: ewes. 7@7>4c per
poui.d.
LAMB— Springr. SU'Pc per 1*6.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. WaVic for
medium and Wftj%e for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. SHc; dressed Hogs. 8@$H*e.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAT. July 20. 1304.
Floor, qr sks 14.7r'*]">nir>ns. sks 343
Wheat, ctls 81.54'J Hay. tons 1,307
Barley, ctls 8.97f'\Vool, bales o?.
Oats, ctls l.nU'1'iulckstlver. flsks 12."
Butter, ctls 2Bl' ¦ Leather, rolls 12*
Cheese, ctls 75|Hides. No 2.'<
Tallow, ctls 2KB Telts. b-ils r<7
Surar. ska 500 Lime, bMs 226
Sugar, ctls 115C Wine, gals 43.<V.<;
Potatoes, sks 3.124 Eggs, dcz 1C.770
NEW YORK, July 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
July 19, with percentage of increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
_„„„ Percentage.
CITIES- inc. Dec.
New York $ 842.786,439 19.4
Boston 116.873.276 24.8
Chicago 130.16J.S49 12.7 ....
Philadelphia 86/24,163 .... 2.2
St. Louis 33.4%,42'J .... y.»
Plttsburg 30,750.€-?6 s2t).S
Baltimore 19,340.977 17.9
fc-an Francisco 22,c53,949 -7.8
Cincinnati. 16,706,2*) 49.9 ....
Kansas City 15,117,302 3S.9 ....
Xew Orleans 9,025,743 43.9 ....
Minneapolis llt.S»0.432 2.3 ....
I>etroit, 8.945.021 9.6
Cleveland 11,834,662 8.3 ....
Louisville 7.S65.C12
Providence 6,228.300 .... 3.9
Milwaukee 5.721.334 6.4
St. Paul 5.181,795 17.9 ....
Buffalo 6,011,2^9 5.7
Omaha 6,858.134 .... 1.5
Indianapolis 6,4S3,2J5 2.5 ....
Columbus. 0 5.257.SCO 4.5
Savannah 4.697.70S 122.7
Denver 4.135.145 24.1 ....
Hartford 2.127,528 .... 6.4
Richmond 2,645,910 21.2
Memphis 1.740.956 .... 5.1
Washington 2.22S.64S .... ....
Peoria 1.S20.60O .... 10.1
Rochester 1,806,248 .... 5.4
New Haven 1,688,073 .... 5.2
Worcester 1,457,057 .... 7.8
Atlanta 1,509.776 9.6 ....
Salt Lake City 2,453.871 4.7
Springfield, Mass... 1.402,782 .... 15.1
Fort Worth 1.S30.101 .... 9.6
Portland, Me 1,107,473 .... 29.9
Portland, Or 2.712.503 34.3
St. Joseph 4,509,523 23. V
Los Angeles 2.371.984 41.2
Norfolk 1.37S.708 ....
Syracuse 1,807,356 6.0
Des Molnes 1.50O,S$6 .... 1.1
Nashville 1,221,477
Wilmington. Del... 1.C-30.3G3 16.9
Tall River 647,592 .... 16.5
Scranton 926,707 .... 9.6
Grand Rapids 1.364,021 30.1 ....
Augusta, Ga 718,533 5.5
Lowell 572.001 10.3
Dayton, 0 1.269.737 23.6
Seattle 3,006,996 61.7
Tacoma 903,845 26.5
Spokane 1.110.0S2 6.1
Sioux City 9O9.C24 9.1
New Bedford 353,067 6>.l
Knoxville, Tenn.... 481,034 12.7
Topeka 1,034,654 72.3
Birmingham CS3.235 1.1
Wichita 466.047 6.1
Blnghamton 4*3,00) 1.9
Lexington, Ky 4&S.670 2.9 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 233,762 33.1 ....
Kalamazoo 330.S00 .... 10.5
Akron 4S1.500 3.5
Chattanooga 397. 50S 32.3 ....
Rockford. Ill CS2.7S3
Canton, 0 315,0"0 1.2 ....
Springfield, O. .... -271.038 .... 35.3
Fargo. X. D 232.03S .... 9.0
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 133.6»6 * 2.2
Hastings. Nebr 177.936 65.4 ....
Fremont. Nebr 154, 54S 23.2 ....
Davenport £26,156 6.3 ....
Toledo 1.809.GS4 S4.5 ....
Galveston 3,831.000
Houston 4.596.B72 2.2 -
Evansville 837.340 16.8 ....
Springfield, 111 477.788 14.3
Little Rock 3:*6,0O0 22.6
Macon 655,000 42.8
Helena 779.1S4 40.3 ....
Younfcstown 321,779 12.2 ....
Total. U. S $1.471. 651, &00 12.5
Totals outside of
New Tork 625,865.441 1.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14,629.051 .... 6.5
Toronto 9,419,02') 3.3
i Winnipeg 2.358,231 23.6 ....
i Halifax 1.E64.969 8.5
Hamilton 7&0.333 0.3
St. John, N. B €20,300 .... 21.9
Vancouver 1,043,741 23.3 ....
Victoria 755,664 9.2
Totals $ 31,187,309 4.9 ....
California Fruit Sales.
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, July 20.— R. G: Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The midsummer vacation bas already disposed
of the prophets who gave It a "week or two,"
but there are few signs to Indicate its prob
able duration. The compact of lake ore pro
ducers, in order to . sell standard Bessemer
ore below $5 50 at lower lake ports this year
with coke held at $2 DO, much lessens the prob
ability that the market will wait for Bessemer
pig to mo far below $15. and some ¦ increased
buying has already appeared by makers of Im
plements, not as yet In season contracts, but
enough to give hope. Not much beyond wait
ing Is probable until wages for the coming
year can be settled. The same extensive build-
Ing strikes which have cut off the use of much
structural steel have prevented a vast use or
lumber, which was, like Iron, extraordinarily
advanced in prices. The Eastern association
tried without avail to hold prices a.nd the
North Carolina Association caused extensive
curtailment of output, while the Lake Asso
ciation two weeks ago resolved to maintain
prices, but the needed market does not yet
appear.
When cotton had been easily held above 10
cents and then had dropped sharply a Liver
pool speculator again showed howeaslly Amer
icans are induced to accept higher prices for
the quantity they have left for sale. The dry
goods market, quite embarrassed at the best,
is not helped by such vagaries and the closing
of Important mills was the more meritorious
because it gave occasion at the end of a sea
son, with an oversupply here both of goods
and material, to rest until Europeans have
settled their affairs. Without formal agree
ment the woolen industry adopted in part thj
same course, many mills having stopped or
reduced force so that experts believe that less
than half the capacity is now at work because
the nature of the next season's demand does
not yet appear. There has resulted more will
ingness to sell wool, especially where ware
houses are not plenty and prices average fully
2 cents lower than In February, but manu
facturers are inquiring more earnestly Just
now to find out what Roods they can sell rather
than where they can^jet materials.
Further Important changes, the exact nature
of which may not be fully reported, are ap
pearing in the heavy decline of packer hides
at Chicago, ranginar from a quarter to half R.
cent.' with sales said to be from 40,000 to oO.OOO,
and also In heavy sales of leather to manu
facturers. „ j
The sharp fall of 2 cents In wheat and 4
cents in corn appears to reflect public con
clusions, after hearing much evidence, official
and unofficial, regarding the extent of injury
to both grains. The shipments go on at a
quiet and moderate pace, in three weeks from
Atlantic ports S.661.501 bushels wheat, flour
included, against 6,f>05.393 bushels last year:
from Pacific ports, 1.691.597 bushels, against
1,278,648 bushels last year, and In corn, 9,6.0,obS
bushels, against 9.2S9.999 bushels last year
Failures for the week have been 231 in the
United States, against 145 lost year, and it
In Canada, ngainst 23 last -year.
SUver a fraction lozirr.
Wheat crop estimates reduced. Barley firm.
Oats still in good demand.
Com dull. Foreign demand for Rye ceased.
Hav weakening under continued heavy receipts.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Potatoes zi'eak and Oniotis firm and in demand.
Poultry market dull and easy.
Butter and Eggs a point higher. Cheese weak.
Fresh Fruit in fair supply and' steady as a rule.
Nothing nczc in Dried Fruit.
Provisions inactive and unchanged.
Hop situation seems to be gaining strength.
No further change in Meats.
Local bonds and*stocks featureless.
Grain Bags selling lower.
Coal in light supply and firm.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 l a i 6 lTj
Closing ~ 6 IK 6 U,
PARIS.
Wheat— July- S^V;?*" 1 *
Opening 19 75 20 60
Closing 19 SO 20 8a
Flour-
Opening 25 45 26 3o
Closing 2a SO 27 2j
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
CLOSING
Minister Conger had been heard from on July
ih. American securities were the chief bene
nclariee of the better feeling engendered by the
news. Bills wer<\ steady and quieter than yes
terday. The bank bought £3S.0O0 in gold bars
and lost £7000 to South America.
July 20.— Atchlscn. 2Gli: Canadian
Pacific, 90»j; Union Pacific preferred. 77V«;
Northern Pacific preferred. 73; Grand Trunk 6**;
Anaconda, 8. liar silver, quiet, 23V4d" per
ounce. Money, 2^<a3 per cent.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 15®19c; dairy. 14@
17c. Cheese, quiet; 9%@10Vic. Eggs, firm; fresh,
ll'SUHc. - .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 6,000
Wheat, bushels .93,000 43,000
Corn, bushels 358,000 418,000
Oats, bushels 159.COO 140,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 6,000 6,000
checked export trade in brown cottons and a
summer shutdown of mills producing these
goods and print ! cloths is looked for.
The crop is emerging from the "grass" In
good condition. An encouraging feature is the
rather better Inquiry for raw Wool at Boston,
but manufacturers will not apparently do much
until the lightweight season opens. Advices
from the London sales are that the market has
regained most of the loss shown earlier In the
eeason.
Business failures for the week number 202
agalnFt 221 last week, 174 In this week a year
ago, 1SS In 1S9S. 220 In -1897 and 2S0 in 1S96.
Wheat, Including flour shipments for the
week, aggregate 3,029,381 bushels against 2.-
S29.910 bushels last week. 3.40S.073 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1S99. 2.S03.469 bushels
in- 1898. 1.9S7.15S bushels In" 1S97 and 3,073.780
bushels in 1SS6. From July 1 to date this
season Wheat exports are 8.S7S.123 bushels
against 10.430.SC0 bushels, last season and 7.912.
33S bushels In 1S9S-99.
Canadian failures for the week number 26,
as compared with 19 In' this week a year ago.
(boxed). 6%@7c; short clear sides (boxed). $5 35
@6 45: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23ft; clo
ver, contract grade, $8.
extra cream do. |3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 60: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 25; In sacks. $5 75<©7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. £; Green Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Heavy receipts continue to weaken the Hay
market, and although there Is no decline, there
will be unless arrivals fall off.
Feedstuffa remain as previously quoted.
UKAN— S12 &04J/U i>0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. S*:&327: jobbing. Jf27»0
@2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20<321: Corn Meal. !-» i<0.
Cracked Corn. 123; Mixed Feed. 114.
HAY— Volunteer. {4 5006 50: Wheat. $10-312 oO;
Wheat and Oat. $3 5O.1J12: Oat. $3@:0; Clover.
S4Jj6; Alfalfa. $6«f 7 00; Barley. $fi 3C®S it) per
"STRAW— 2ot?40c uer bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 !Ctf?3: Small White. $3 25<gi
3 40; large White. $3X545190; Pink. J2M<32 90.
Red. $2 £0©3; Blackeye. $3 SOfgS 73; Butters.
nominal; Lima. J5 30^5 40; i'ea. $3 40@3 50; Re>I
Kidneys. $4ff4 50. . _ ,,
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Tellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. II 90S 2 20; Canary, 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2»i®3c; Hemp, 4®4%c; Timo
thy. 4«4'4c. _ „
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2 23®2 50; Green. $2 23
@2 50 per ctl
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are In good demand and firm. Pota
toes are weak. Vegetables show no particular
change.
I'OTATOES-Garret Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose, 25235c: New Burbanks. 35©75c per ctl.
ONIONS-Xew Red. 50@T3c* Yellow, Jlrffl 19
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. B0c©$l 15 per
rack; 75c@tl per crate for Berkeley and »1#1 oO
for Alameda: Asparagus. 75c<g$3 per box:
Green Peas. 2 1 4'g3c per lb; Strinj? Beans. l®3c;
Llmas. 3^4c; Cabbagfe. 40ffo0c; Tomatoes.
Rivers. 65GJ1 25; Bay. : Egg Plant. 'Zcitil
per box; Green Okra. 8@10c; Green Peppers.
40<!?6Oc per box for Chili and 75cfi$l for Dell;
Dried Peppers, S@10c; Carrots. 25f3ic per sack;
Summer Squash, 50@fi5c for Alameda; Cucum
bers. 25©33c for Alameda: Pickles. 8.'<S»)c:
Garlic. 2@3c per. lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12'315
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry are ample for all needs
and the market Is quiet and rather weak than
otherwise.
Doves continue cheap.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, g'g'lle for Gobblers
and 10<gi2Vic for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 23:
Coslings. *1 23®1 50; Imcks. t3'3+ 6*1 for old and
$3 50<g5 for young; Hens, $3 50^5 50; Young
Roosters, $1 50'36; Old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers.
$3S3 50; Broilers $2 7o@3 for large and $1 5n@
2 JO for small: Pigeons. $1 25<8"1 50 per^dozen for
old and $1 25@1 EO for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, 40®-60c per dozen.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
BUTTER—
Fine Butter and Eggs are both quoted higher.
There is no particular activity to the market
and the advance !s simply due to the cleaning
up of fancy grades. Medium Butter and Egga
continue dull and easy. The Cheese market Is
weak, owing to the liberal receipts from, the
East already mentioned.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 19H320C; sec
onds, lSifflSc.
Dairy — Fancy, 17@lSc; good to choice, 15H9
16 l ,£c; common, 14@>15c.
CHEESE— New. 8.fi9c: Toung America. 9**3
10c; Eastern, Wglte; Western, ll@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at K'glSc for stor» -\nd 17^4®
21c per dozen for ranch; E&atern. 1-i^lTc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The feellr.K la rather steady than otherwise,
the exceptions being Grapes and Melons, which
continue to d?clln<». There Is a good stock of
Pear* on the market. Apricots are slow. • as
they are generally small and poor. The can
ners are still aft^r Peaches and take ail the
fine stock they can get.
Oranses are about cleaned up, Valenclas be
ing the only description left In any quantity.
Lemons are firm at a further advance, sup
plies being llgrht-
DECIDUOLS FRUITS
APRICOTS—25@30c per box and crate; and
$10315 per ton to the canenrs.
APPLES— 35cSJl for large boxes; Graven
steins. $1@1 23; Crabapples. 23'n50c per small
box. and 50@75c per large box.
PEARS — Bartletts, 25<g€5c In boxes and $15@
20 per ton In bulk.
PLUMS— 20g35c per box and crate, and 2Og35c
per basket; In bulk. %WQV> per ton; Prunes.
30@o0c per crate and 23ig40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— »2 £0@3 SO per cbest for
large and $3«5 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5<?i6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-J2 £0@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
CURRANTS— J29 3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©7c per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 40@60c for single and 50SJ1
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White. 30iQS0c per box; red.
50cf(U 25.
PEACHES— 23S50C per box and 2S@35c per
basket: In bulk, $15<£20 per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona, $1 25 per crate for
¦white and 6;>S75c for black; Fontalnebleau.
from VacavIIle. 33i0«5c: from Hanford. $1 23.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 75c@Sl 73 per case; can
taloupes, $2^3 50 per crate; Watermelons, from
Fresno. ?16'd20 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas, $1 ;0@J2; Lem
ons, $lfjl 50 for common and $2@ 3 50 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes. $5<§6 50: Bananas.
75c@l2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50"g3 &0 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The situation remains about as previously
quoted. Quotations stand the same.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, nom
inal — cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. 5%@6c;
sun-dried, 3®4c per 1b; Black Figs. l»i@2c-
White Figs. 2*g3c; Bleached Plums, 7%c; Un
bleached Plums, ec for pitted and l%c for un
pltted.
NEW CROP — Apricots. < 6®7%c per lb-
Peaches. 6@6c here; Pears. 5@7c; Plums, pitted.
4H*56c.
KAISIXS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Ib, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, 8Hc; choice. 7Hc; standard. 64c;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
M-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5*±c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c : London Layers 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1" 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. Ail
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8®9c for Standards and 9®
10c lor softshelle; new Almonds. 10%©Uc for
papershell, 8%®S%c for soft and for hard
shell; Peanuts, B^se^c for Eastern and 5c for
Calliornia; Brazil Nuts. T^ftSc: Filberts, 12a
12Hc: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5005
HONEY— Comb. 12H-813c for bright and 113
12c for light amber: water white. 7"4S7Hc; light
amb^r extracted. 6%S7c; dark, 6c per lb
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues Inactive and feature
less.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. 10910»*c pe r jb for
heavy, 10H©10'/4c for light medium. lV\c for
light. 12Vic for extra light and 144c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12tfl3c-
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork. $13: extra clear. tt»-
Mess. $16 JO. Smoked Beef. 12%©13c per Ib
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure
S%c; 10-lb tins, 9V*c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLEXE- One-halt barrel. S"?4c: three
half-barrels.- S%c; one tierce. i%c; two tierres
Sftc; flve tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tattozv, Wool and Hops.
Hops are flrm»r and more active j n Lo n .
don. brewers having been attracted by the low
prices. There is a Continental demand also
and as stocks are light there some reshiDmemi
of California and Continental Hops have been
made thither from London. The local mari.t
Is firmly held, but buyers are lndlff«rent
Hides are still weak and dull Tallow \%
steady, with refont sales for German account
Uool rules dull at the familiar quotations.
The fall clip Is beginning to appear In a small
way.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brand- «e!l
about lc under quotations. Heavv '9alV»rf
Steer-. S'4c; medium. 8Hc: llRht? He- Cow^
hides. 8M;c: StaKS. 6c: Salted Kip Sc-' Calf de-
Dry Hides, sound. 16c; culln anri branris "l-:c :
prj' Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. naic C ; Sheepskins.'
Shearlings 20:§30c each; short Wool. V(?:'}c
each: medium. CWISOc; ion? Wool. 90cS$l jo
each: Horse HiUej. salt. J2$i2 25 f or large $1 73
for medium. SI for small and 50c for "colts-
Horse Hides, dry. Jl.SO for larire. $1 25 for me
dium. It for small and 23<a.".0c for colts Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 2jc; fali ' or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins. 2Co. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium. J5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per 1b; No. 2
3c: refined. 5"4c: grease. i<fiYV,c.
¦WOOL— Spring clip la quotVble na follow*:
Northern free. H«l3c: Ncrth°rn d*f«<-tlve. 12JJ
14c; Middle Ccuntv. free. 14fn6o; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14o: Southern Mountain. U
months', 114112c; Southern Mountain, free. 3
months*. 10<B12e: Southern Mountain defecUvr.
7 menths*. smic: Humboldt and Mendodno,
l&BlSc; Nevada. 12^i6c per 1b.
Fall Clip— Pan Joaquln Lambs*. Sfr9c per Ib.
HOPS— Nominal at o<fJ10c per Ib; new. l*3i;c.
General Merchandise.
, BAGS — Grain Bass are lower, following the
reduced estimates of the grain crop. San
Quentln Bags, $5 Ca: Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%
66Vic; Wool Bags. 23V£©l.'hc; Fleece Twine.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
Family Retail Market.
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Articles — Open. High. Low.. Close.
Jul^. 1 ..*.?:. 2^.. 75%'; 76% 75% 76*
August ; 75*4 "% 76% 767*
September 76% 78% 76% 77%
Ju^yT..^.?'... 2^... 3S% 39% 38% 39W,
August 3SH 394 38% 33*
September 3S% .39>S 33% 3&',4
Jilly t8 ..^. 0 .'..^r. 23 23V4 23 23U
AucURt 23 23% 23 23%
September 23V4 .23% 23»4 ¦ ' 23%
September .........11 67«* 11 90 11 Co 11 S7>4
Lard, oer 100 lbs— . \- vrt-? ¦¦ *
July 6 72V4
September 6 «7% 6 77* 6 67>4 6 77%
October .6 75 6 SO 6 70 6 80
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ,
July • •'•¦ 6 So
September .......... 75 6 S7% ¦ 6 72tf ¦ 6 83
October 6 72%' C 85 6 70 6 S5 .
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 74c: No. 2 red. 76%©79c:
No. 2 corn,'39V«c: No. 2 yellow. 38>4c: No. 2 oats,
24>4?f24>4c: No. 2 white, 23W<!?2"Vic: No.'3 white,
20ft26y.c: No. 2 rye. 51Hc: Rood feeding barley.
3S@42c; fair to choice malting. 4S@4Sc; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 70: No. .1 Northwestern, $1 73: prime
timothy seed, $3 25; mess pork, per barrel, $10 80
©1180; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 j60@6 75; short
ribs sides (loose), J6 75§7; dry salted shoulders
All local stocks and bends were about the
same, with a moderate business.
Home Oil was ex-dlvicler.d of 10c.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Californta Canneries, 60c; California Powder.
$1- Central Light and Power, Sc: Hutchlnson
Plantation. ISc: Sprins Valley Water. 42c
At the quarterly meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Fireman's Kund Insurance Com
tany. held en the 16th inst.. Arthur A. Smith
and Charles R. Bishop were elected directors
of the company to nil the vacancies caused by
the death of D. J. Staples and John Barton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCIIAN'OE.
FRIDAY, July 20-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask
IT S Bon<i» — i Eg.uK G L. Co. 3?» 4>-i
43 quar coup.-lKUtlS ! Mutual £1 Co. !>•* ii>y,
4s do r«g I13K11C |O G V & It.... 43 £>*
4b do cp new..l33 s 4l3r4!f'ao Gas Imp — 4s
3s <juar coup.. UOUHO**' Pac »L Co 44 45
Miscellaneous — Sac ElC&RCo ZZU
Cal-*t Cab :.s..mvi — S F & G E. " 4<u' 49-A
C C Water 5*..lCiM0eu'.s l . a Krancis-co «~ *
t & Cl Icy •*..U., — I Insurance
Uearr-at it aa. — 90 |Flrem n Fund.^5 —
II <. & fa -^». — — : Bann Storks-.
Do .*.... O'j.-r Aiwlo-Ca! Lt.l M 70
V £ i/ "" 1C4l »— i Han't Of. Cal..4CS\i —
L A Lt Co h, — — f'T] s n jp. t i.vi ••.-
Do entd «s.. - _ fU»| T "tt bi
L A Kntd 58... 100 _ Lor p * i""i ¦
LAI'ltn-;;- 1'"iiM tf rchvft/F^v
Market-st fe .. - m£ I *e? Na t P £ - ~ _J
:s. l f. U K .». — — iGer S £. L JS30
TfiT'ic
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER,
Office 630 Market st.. phone Black 3571. will
sell TO-DAY. SATURDAY, at 2 p. m.. at 77*5
CLAYTON ST.. the nice new oak furnishings
of flat, also enamel bed and nice lot be<1dint?
and linen, lace curtains, picture?, etc. KMIL«
COHN. Auctioneer. Take Halght-st. cars.
AUCTION SALE &*
63 Head Troiiing^Bred and Work Horses.
Well-matched pairs sorrels, bays and grays.
A number of pacers In the lot.
Sired by DEL PASO. ROBERT LEE, RE-
ECHO. WESTMONT and other stallions and
out of standard bre>l mares.
Bred by J. B. HAOGIN. ESQ.. Kern County
Lard Company.
PROPERTY OF CHASE & MENDENHALL.
To be sold on
THURSDAY. JULY 26, 100O.
At 11 a. ra.. at Salesyard.
1732 Market St., Cor Van Ness Avo.
Horses now at yard. Catalogues ready.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Ltve Stock Auctioneers.
Successors to Klllip <Sk Co.
AUCTION SALES©o the water front. He cut Andrew Ratt
le and Jack KefT so severely thnt Ser
fVja-u Fill* looked him at the Harbor
j>a1;,. p gtatfnn on a charge of attempt to
nsurder. His victims w*-re rc-mov"* ?•»
I...- ti Arbor Receii-ing Hospital, where
tbdr wounds were dressed-
Psychical Society Dedication.
OAKLAND. Julv ».— The Oakland
Psychical Society wiH hold a dedication on
Sunday at Woodmen's Hall. There will b«
sessions at 11 a. m.. 2 p. m. and J:30 p. m.
There will be a conference In the mornfn*
opened by M. S. Norton. During the after
noon there will be addresses by Thomas
G. Newman and Mrs. R. S. LJlIie. with
music. The evening dedicatory address
will be by Mrs. Elizabeth Lowe Watson.
Cannot Monopolize the Eiver.
A decision of great interest to the people
cf Fresno and Kings counties was ren
dered yesterday by the Supreme Court.
F<>r rr.any years a number of Irrigation
companies ha\ - * drawn their supply of
•water frotn the Kinjrs River in Kings
County, each taking i-ufficient for Its pur
p< *-e and leaving enoujh for Its neighbors
farther down. In 1S?4 the Emigrant Ditch
Company opened a canal and put in a di
vfr;::.p dam in Fresno County and with
drew the bulk of the water from Kings
Ii:ver. This was productive of a number
of actions to restrain the up-river com
pany from diverting- the water from its
r-.aturai flow. These actions were brought
by the Last Chance Water Ditch Com
pany, the people's Ditch Company and
the Lomer Kings River Water Ditch Com
pany. In the lower court Judgment ¦went
;:¦- ¦..-.•". the Emisrrant Ditch Company and
the latter appealed to the Supreme Court,
vhich. has affirmed the Judgment In each
case.
S-srimniing at Sutro's.
Following are the events that will take '
place Sunday at Sutro Baths:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— J. Dixon. J. J
Paine. H. Randall. P. Ryan. H. Carter, J.
X>wyc-r. F. Butterworth. H. Owens, G
Anderson. R. Herman. G. Hughes, G. Ir
vine. A. Rae. P. Louis, P. Lockwood. W.
O"Urien. F. Rar.kin. P. Bog*n, F. Jorry,
J. Ropers, J. Patton. E. Kipp.
Under mater swimming contest, dlvir.g
for plates and iiigh diving for boys, open
to alL
One-hundred-yard race, amateurs — C.
.Augustus, H. Seebach, P. Sunherg. O.
3-ower.b^rg. M. Carmody. O. Mlsner. C.
Duke. H. Riddle. G. Grueman, H. Wll
t^ert. W. Carroll. F. Ralston. L. Hanlon.
G. Mitchell, R. Riding. C. Harmes, F.
Euttt-rworth. A. Clayton, F. Ramsy, E.
liradly. J. Eransv. ¦ •
Trick and fancy springboard diving — G
Kelly. W. Wallace, p. Sunbcnr. R. Cor
xjoil. F. Brown. J. Heckett. J. Hanson. W.
•Cook. P. Logan. T. Thompson. J. Dixon,
E. Raynold and A. R*>e*e.
£^f=3HIS is the season when transactions
I in realty reach their lowest ebb.
II Thousands of the people of San
Francisco are In the country, but
vacation is nearly over for many. There
will be a brisk demand for eligible houses
to rent directly, and sales that are pend
ing will be completed. The transactions
since the last record have been few com
paratively. The building contracts are
small. In harmony with other conditions
attending the realty situation. The im
mediate outlook is excellent, better tnan
for years, according to the best Informed
opinion.
The firm of A. J. Rich & Co. reports the
sale of the Harper lot on the north line
of Mi-*sion street, Ia5 feet east of Fourth,
having a frontage of 27 feet by a depth of
160 feet through to Jessie, street, to Da
vid Keil. Mr. Keil will Immediately erect
upon this property, which adjoins his
present holdings, a fine structure which
will give the whole building: on the site
a frontage of 67 feet' by 160 feet in depth.
The new lot and building signify an In
vestment of V5,0C»). The same firm has
sold to Annie O'Connell " for the Adler
estate the lot and residence on the south
line of Post street, 175 east of Van Nesa
avenue, lot 27 feet 6 inches by 120 feet, for
the sum of $7500; also the lot on the north
side of Washington street. 130 feet west
of Buchanan street, 25 feet 5 inches by
127 feet 6 Inches, for $5000; also lot 27:6x
137:6 on the south line of Vallejo street,
137 feet 6 inches east of Steiner, for Lewis
Gerstle. to Mrs. Morton, for $2100.
David Hush & Son report sales of sixty
five acres' of land of the Ford-Hemme
ranch In San Ramon, <Contra Costa Coun
ty, from the Bank of Martinez to C. Gros-
Jean, for $2300: also ten acres of orchard
land in the San Martin ranch. Santa Clara
Valley, with one town lot In San Martin,
from Phllipps & Vachell to Mrs. Ellis, for
$1400; also ten acres of the same tract
to Mrs. -P. Berstle for $10001 also seven
acres of the same tract from the same
owners to W. E. Call for $700. They re
port an active demand for lands in that
section.
Building contracts put - on record the
past week were ¦ as follows: Teresa Fra
polli with James F. Logan to build a two
story basement and attic frame building
on the north line of Vallejo street. 131:10
feet west of Scott, cost $7223; James L.
Flood with Rocklln Granite Company, W.
W. Montague and J. H. Keefe for a three
ptory and basement residence on the north
line of Broadway. 137:6 feet west of Bu
chanan street, cost $14,694: Mrs. E. Kebbe
with William Plant and James E. Britt
for a two-story and basement frame
building on the north line of Geary street,
67:6 feet east of Devisadero. cost $10,243;
Thomas G. Taylor -with City Street Im
provement Company for a four-story and
basement brick building on the west line
of Beale* street,* 229:2 feet north of Mis
sion, coat $3745: Louis Reimers with S.
Savwell ; for-; a : one-story and basement
frame building on the north line of Eight
eenth street, 210 feet west of Church, cost
$2?25; G. F. Terschuren with the Califor
nia Concrete Company. F. L. Hansen, H.
Williamson and W. H. Wohlstein for a
two-story attic and basement frame build-
Ing, two dwellings, on the northeast cor
ner of Clay and Spruce streets, cost
$7229 25; Lizzie Schultz with W. E. Grant
for alterations and additions to a two
story frame building on the north line of
Bush street, 137:6 feet west of Mason, cost
$1303; Hale Bros, with John Simmen for
Interior store fixtures for first storv of
store building on the south line of Market
street, between Fifth and Sixth, cost $11.
161; William Buchanan with August R.
Denke Jr. and E. H. Denke for alterations
and additions for a two-story frame build
ing on the east line of Larkln street, 110
feet south of Jackson, cost $3S50; Bertha
Morris with Hans Peterson for a one
story basement and frame building on
the east line of First avenue. 100:4 feet
south of McAllister street, cost $1500; Ed
ward MoDonnell with Thomas F. Mitchell
for a one and a half-story and basement
cottape on Gavin street, between Merrill
and King, cost $19SQ: Hale Bros, with Ec
cles & Smith for daylight prism glass
•Work for building on south line of Mar
ket street, cost $1608 50; John H. Sullivan
with L. G. Bergren.for a one-story frame
cottage on the east line of Fourth avenue,
142 feet north of California street, cost
$1652: Alvinza Hayward with Burnham-
Standeford Company for window frames
and sash for an eleven-story building on
the southeast corner or California and
Montgomery streets, cost $3474.
The mortgages of the* week number six
ty-two and amount to $174,253. The re
leases number fifty-four and amount *to
$159.6C8. ; . ! :;V
The, more important mortgages are as
follows: Winslow and Bertha L. Ander
son to ilartin Krotozyner, 33:9x137:6. on
the south line of Sutter. 70 feet east of
Larkln, for $10,000, for five years at 7 per
cent; R. C. Chambers to the Hlbemla
Savings and Loan Society, the southwest
corner of Wlllard and Frederick streets,
for $15.00), for one year at '6 per cent;
Laura P. Harrison to the Hlbernla Sav
ings and Loan Society. 27:6xS7:S. on the
north line of Sutter street, 50 feet west of
Powell, for $11,500, for one year at 6 per
cent: Jonathan R. Talcott to the Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society. 45:10x137:6. on
the west line of Spear street. 137:6 south of
Market, J4Q.000, for one year at 6 per cent.
The larger releases of the same
period are as follows: Vlttorit Meneslni
to Abraham and Amelia Aronson. 43:10x120.
on the west side of Spear street. 137:6
south of Market, the loan being $40.0«X):
Henry Root to Jonathan R. Talcott,
45:l')xl37:6. on the west line of Spear.
137:6 south . of Market, the loan being
$14,000: German 6avingrs and Loan Society
to Julia A. Gately, 25x90 on the north line
of O'Farrell. 237:6 west of L#avenworth,
$5000: Hibernla Savings and Loan Society
to George W. and Margaret L. Klngsbury
and Isabel W.-Curran. £8:9x137:6 on • the
south line of Eddy. 137:6 west of Scott,
$7000: Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society
to E. N\ and Mary A. Fritz, lots on Ash
bury, and Clayton streets. $27,100; German
Savings and Loan Society to, William and
Lizzie Hlnkel, the southeast'. corner of
Washington and Hyde streets, $30,000.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
HARBISON RE-ELECTED.
Opposition to Him as President of
War Association Overcome.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ju'.y CO.— At the an
nual reunion, of the Seventieth Indiana
Regiment at Bethany Park to-day some
opposition developed when the nomina
tion committee recommended that ex-
Presldent Harrison be re-elected presi
dent of the association. It was stated
that he had not attended a reunion of the
regiment for years, and that he seemed
to have lost Interest In Its affairs. The
matter was freely discussed by the mem
ber?, and a vote was taken, which re
sulted in General Harrison's election.
Those opposing him favored Colonel Sam
uel Merrill of California, who was pres
ent, and declined the honor In favor of
General Harrison.
FRENCH VICTORIOUS.
Troubles.
Success Reported in the West African
PARIS. July 21.— The Matin publishes a
dispatch from Tripoli reporting a French
victory in West Africa and the death of
Rabat, former Sultan of Bornu. In the
Souclan. The eldest son of Rabat was
wounded In flight.
Omar ben "Ibrahim has been placed on
the throne in Bornu.
Killed by a Fall.
Bev. Henry Rice.
Fr-«-ia! Dispatch to The Call.
SUISfN. July 20. — Francis de Carlo, a
well-known and old-time resident of Green
Valley, was killed near Cordelia to-day.
Deceased had been to Vallejo. where he
disposed of a load of fruit, after which he
started for the return journey. When near
Cordelia his team became fractious and
pot beyond his control. De Carlo was
thrown from the wagon and killed instant
ly. Deceased was a native of Spain and
74 years of age.
The Day's Dead
Paris. July 20.— Rev. Henry Rice-, well
known !n California, died here of pneu
monia to-day. He was making a tour of
Europe with a party cf Calif ornians.
James McMahon.
SAKTA ROSA. July M.-James McMa
hon. a. well-known resident of this county,
died at his homo here to-day He. was
«; W M»fl lff of s T 10ma Cdunty under
Sheriff Mulprew. and afterward eng-aged
In business at Santa Rosa. • 6tts<;:u
Colonel William Qrosvenor.
NEW YORK. July 20.-Colonel William
Grosvenor. an editorial writer on the
New Tork Tribune, died at his home In
Englewood. N. J., to-day. He served
with distinction In the civil war. After
ward he .entered Journalism and became
in a short time editor of the St. Louis
Democrat.
0 ??????????? M ?»??? M »»?#
V Consul General Ho Yow Is ¦+
? between the devil and the "t
+ deep sea! He will tell you all 4-
about it in the Chinese ?
+ supplement of the Sunday +
? Call out next Sunday. Exclu- ?
"*¦ eive features will be present-
ed in this edition that no +
? other paper in the United ?
¦?¦ States can hope to emulate! ?
-?¦ •*¦
+ +???? ? ? ? M » M M t t t M ???»
Notes From the KenneL
Preparations for the Tanforan Berch
Ehcw are well under way. and thp most
Important preliminaries are settled. H.
D. Lai^law has been er.cag-ed to act as
eoperiateadest at Tanforan. H. W. Lacy.
the expert judge from Boston, will award
th*- ribbons.
The :ollow!r.g Bench Show Committee
has bren selected: J. P. Norman, J. B.
X&rtis: J. Downey Harvey. Phil Wand,
H. C. Golcher.
Invitations have been issued to the dif
: r«rt cluhs rc-i'>--sTinj? them to
• I«r 'ptciai prizes fcr th^-ir members ex-
: '.t'.r.r at the show, and the Pacific Mas
liff t.'iub has been the first to respond to
the cali. Th^ specials offered by this
as follows: The club's class
i:.-lal for the best mastiff dog
: aj ; y. the club's class medal for
Th*> best mastiff bitch puppy: the club's
ri.is? medal for the best mastiff novice
th«, dub's class medal for the best
castlfl novice bitch; the club's class
xr.edai fcr the t»e?t dog in the limit or open
c!ass; the ctnb'a class medal for the best
tuTch in the limit or open class. In ad
citicn to these, the club offers a challenge
trophy for the be?t California bred mas-
TiJT. to be competed fcr annually at Tan
forar.. until won three times by the same
exhibitor, and a challenge medal for the
Ypft m? stiff cf opposite sex to the winner
< I tht trophy, to be competed for annually
*t Tanforan. until won three times by the
s-^TJie exhibitor. The Pacific Mastiff "Club
has offered the same series of special
vr::.e s for competition at the *how to be
held at Sacramento ir. September next.
Carter Contests Dismissed.
A stipulation was Sled yesterday dis
mls«lr.g the contests recently filed by
William G. Blark and Stephen Collins to
the will of the late Thomas Carter.
Another Piper "Will.
Charles Ede'.man is said to hold In his
posseccjon a document alleped to be the
last will cf the late William A. Piner.
Judgre Bahrs made an order directing him
to produce the will. Edelman will ap
pear in court on the 24th inst. and If he
fails to produce the document must show
cause for his action.
Bequeaths Valuable Estate to His
Children — 2arnerd Gallagher's
Testament Recorded.
The wiU of H. L. Siraon. who died in
this city on the 13th ln*t- leaving an
*-<*.ate valued at J.VjO.000 was filed fcr pro
bate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths his
entire estate to his children. Louis Simon.
Alfred Simon. Lucy Heynemann 3nd Anna
Sizaon. in e<;ual shares, subject, however.
To two jyi.O>> trusts, one for th<; benefit of
his ciau?rhters and the other for purposes
r.. med in nn unpublished letter of ir.struc
tions.
The will of Barnerd Gallagher, who died
J ::':>¦ S. was also Sl«*d. Following are the
t^fju^sTF : To fusaa Murphy, a sister.
$*«y»; to Farrel Ga!!apher. a brother. S5>jO0;
ir> James Gallagher, a brother. C000; to
tr.e children nf Margaret O'Lcan. a sis
ter. J7000: to the children of Mary Kl'.l
c.-an. a sister. J7C«W;^to Catherine Gal
la jrher. decedent's widow, the residue of
the estate
CAPITALIST SIMON'S
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
OIL PRODUCERS OF
KERN TO ORGANIZE
Special Di.«patch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. July 20.— Oil producers
of Kern County are moving to look out
for number one. Representatives of all
the leading producing companies of this
county met in a mass-meetin? this after
noon and started the ball rolling with a
view to forming an organization to handle
and control the marketing of their' pro
duct.
The time is drawing near when the opt
put of this county will cut a big- figure
In the petroleum market. Before this
event arrives it Is proposed to pet ready
to provide against Its calamitous fluctua
tion, which oil men think will follow if
Individuals are permitted to throw their
product on the market at will. Hence the
meeting.
A committee consisting of C. A. Can
field. J. M. Keith. W. G. Kerehoff. W. E.
Knowies. H. A. Blodget. E. L. Doheney,
W. H. McKenzIe. Bert Green. B. F.
Brooks. O. Scribner. H. H. Blood and
Dave Ewlng was appointed to formulate
a plan of organization and report back at
some future meeting. Much Interest was
displayed and the meeting was largely at
tended. It Is proposed to make the or
ganization a business one. possibly a stock
company with lots of coin behind it—suf
ficient to completely handle the entire oil
product of Kern County, which it is pre
dicted will be 50.000 barrels a day before
many seasons. Large- tankage facilities
and pipelines will be established in all
districts, and also tankage at markets,
where consumers can come and purchase
direct from the association. When an indi
vidual wants to sell he will turn his oil
into a tank and get a certificate for It.
which will be as good as coin. The mar
ket will be kept supplied as consumption
demands, and r.o more. In this way oil
men feel sure the market can be kept up
all right. An effort will also be made to
cultivate a demand for petroleum, which
some oil men think can be made reach
100,000 barrels a day in California.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
ROTTERDAM. July ».— Tfc- etrise of d-jck
laborers is practically ended and work has
been generally resumed.
OTTAWA. Ont.. July 20.— Lord MInto. Gov
ernor GeneraJ. with Lady Mlnto and pajty.
have started on a trip to the Pacific Coast
and will visit Pawscn City.
LOS ANGELES. July 20.— Carrtaln Dana K.
Wheeler, a volunteer officer in the Philippines,
formerly a lawyer here. -has written a letter to
friends here saying that he ha» been appointed
Collector of Internal Revenue at Iloilo.
PARIS. July W.— The appointment of tfi»
Rev. John Joseph Kaln. formerly rector of the
Catholic University of America at Washington.
I>. C. -as ArchbishOD of Dubuque. Iowa, Is
confirmed on the authority of Archbishop Ire
land and Father Kaln. who are now in this city.
LOS ANGELES. July ».— The amalgamation
of the two local oil exchanges was effected to
day. The consolidation will be known as the
Los Ar.geles Oil Exchange and will retain the
officers of the former Lo» Angeles Oil Eschar:?*
and remain in the same* quarters.
PARIS. July IP.— Mr. James Hyde of New
Tork has been appointed a member of the Le
gion of Honor. This decoration has been con
ferred upon him la reccgn!t!cn of his work for
the advancement of French literature Jn the
United State* through the Cercle FVancals of
Harvard I'niversity.
HERMOSILLO. M»x., July V*.— It Is an
nounced by military authorities that S-rretary
of War B'mp.Ho Reye» ha« ordered t-nir ad
ditional regiments of Government troops t->
proceed lmme.31att'y to the Taqui country and
join General Torres' forces and engage In a
strong campaign arainst the Taqui Indians.
The Vaquis have been unusually active during
REDDING. July *>.— The nnrth-bound Shasta
express was detained at Redding one hour this
evening. The caboose of the south-bound ac
commcxlation freight caught flre from a stove
pipe one ml!e north of Redding at 5 o'clock.
The train cut loose and let !t turn. All was
consumed but the trucks. The trucks were re
moved from the track and the passenger pro
ceeded from Redding.
SANTA ROSA. July 10.— Judge r>nifherty to
day handed down an opinion in the matter of
the estate of Samuel Szavash. hoMtng that the
codicil to the will of the deceaaed was valid.
The cas-; was submitted to the court on an in
teresting point. It was contended that the
codicil was Invalid for the reason that one of
the attesting witnesses had signed his name
prior to that of the testator.
STOCKTON'. July 79.— W. G. Nlemann.
charg-ed with burglary, was found guilty to-day
after a trial lasting three days of burplary in
the second degree. It was a peculiar case,
inasmuch as the facta were not disputed, but
the defense sought to show that Niemann was
insane. Experts testified that he was snara
mini? insanity. He successfully feigned In
sanity in Oakland some years ago when charged
with petty larceny.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 30.— The sealers have
Just formed a Joint stock company and will
control forty-seven schooners now In the busi
ness. Th*»y have a capital .of half a million
dollars. Their object is to rerulate wages and
keep up the price of skins. News received from
Ottawa says the Russian Governmeat will com
pensate Canadians, as well as American*,
whose schooners were seized by the Govern
ment In 1533.
PHOENIX. Arlx.. July JO.— Actln? Governor
Akers will prant a parole to former City Col
lector A. A. Long, convicted ten rears *ko
of the misappropriation of city fund* and sen
tenced to a Ion? term at Tuma Penitentiary. A
petition was eigmed by nearly every man in
tere«ea lrt| procuring his sentence *nd nearly
every business man and all the bondsmen except
two Lor.* has been in faille? health for some
time and it is believed that longer connnement
would be fatal.
I/TJMBEB MII.Ii BURNED.
at Spokane Destroyed.
Plant of the Holland-Horr Company
SPOKANE, Wash., July 35.— Fire this
afternoon destroyed the large lumber
plant ot the Holland-Horr Mill Company
and caused a loss of $50,000; insurance $13.
«0. It also destroyed the Crescent Shin
gle Mill; loss $2000: Insurance J1000.
A spark from the Holland-Horr Mill
was carried into a dust bin. The dust
bin exploded and in a minute flames were
sweeping through the milL .Two work
men were knocked down by the explosion
and burned about the face and hand?. In
an incredibly brief period flames 'had ex
tended to the- lumber yards and soon
acres of seasoned lumber were aflame. It
was the hottest fire since the great fire of
1899. Three firemen were overcome by the
intense heat, but recovered later.
ASSAULTED BY MINEBS.
Murder May Be the Outcome of the
Recent Strike at Dayton.
DAYTON. Ohio. July 20.— Six unknown
persons assaulted Calvin Ptaebus and his
son Eugene this afternoon, and beat them
Into insensibility. During the melee the
elder PhebU3 shot one of the assailants,
who was ' remove* and secreted by hia
companions. Joseph Klser was also as
saulted and may die from his injuries.
The attacks are the outgrowth of the
strike at the Callahan Machine Company,
the men assaulted having refused to Join
a. strike.
Loss at the Navy Yard.
BOSTON. July 20.— The loss by last
night's flre at the navy j'ard Is estimated
at $194,000, as follows: One hundred boats.
J120.0O); buildings. $34,000; stock and ma
chinery. $50.000l
BLUE AND THE GRAY NOT
ABSOLUTELY RECONCILED
General Gordon Takes Exception to
Some Portions of General
Shaw's Speech.
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 20.— John B. Oor
don. commander-In-chief of the United
Confederate Veterans, disobeying his
physicians' orders, was present with the
ether distinguished veterans and Gray
Veterans at the barbecue this afternoon,
end sat by the side of General Albert D.
Shaw, commander-ln-chlef of the Grand
Army of the Republic. All the Invited
guests made speeches, but the second on
the programme, that of General Shaw,
did not please General Gordon, and for a
time reconciliation was forgotten. General
Shaw's speech was for the most part
conciliatory in tone and was well re
ceived, yet his reference to the manner
in which ail memories of the great strug
gle should be blotted out In the families
of the South was not received with favor.
In his speech he uttered these words, and
they went deeply Into General Gordon's
"The keeping alive of sectional teach
ings as to the Justice and rights of the
cause of the South In the hearts of the
children is all out of order, unwise, un
just and utterly opposed to the bond by
which the great chieftain. Lee. solemnly
bound the cause of the South In his final
surrender." . „ .
At the close of General fehaw s speech
General Gordon came forward. He had
spoken briefly before and his appearance
again caused considerable surprise. The
enthusiasm quieted Instantly. General
Gordon said he could not teach his chil
dren that he fought for what was wrong.
He entered battle for what he believed
was right, and. said he, "Only the Judg
ment day and God himself will ever de
cide who was right." **' . ,:
General Shaw responded gracefully to
the general's exception. He stated that
he had prepared his speech with care and
much of the material therein was gather
ed from speeches made by General Gor
don In the North.
"Our children should be taught," paid
General Shaw, "the true glory and sub
limity of our one country; their fathers
will teach them this. Let them be so
alike, the children of the North and of
the South, that no difference will be per
ceptible."
The Incident closed with three cheers
for the Blue and . the Gray.
BIG SEIZURE OF
COUNTERFEITS MADE
Several Thousand Dollars in Bogus
Tens, Twenties and Twos Cap
tured in Hoboken.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Chief Hazen of
the Secret Service, with a number of Ho
boken policemen, went to Rutherford, N.
J., to-day and made an Important seizure
of counterfeits and counterfeiting appa
ratus.
The seizure followed the arrest of Rlqh
ard P. Genser In Hoboken on Thursday
night. He had been frequenting a resort
in that city and getting the barmaids to
obtain change for bogus ten-dollar and
two-dollar bills for him.
At Genser's home in Rutherford the au
thorities found a young girl and a man.
The house was searched from top to bot
tom It was handsomely furnished and
the prisoner had evidently been living In
luxury. Chief Hazen found two large
presses of tine make. They bore the Im
press and lines for the printing of twenty
dollar gold certificates, ten-dollar raid
certificates and two-dollar sliver certifi
cates. There was a liberal supply of pa
per needed for the bills.
The officers found counterfeits aggre
gating several thousand dollars In tens,
twenties and twos. All are very well
executed. Seventy-nine dollars In good
money was also found.
The man in the place said his name was
Paul Jansen. 39 years old. and refused
to talk. The girl Is Clara Genser, daugh
ter of the man arrested In Hoboken. She
pave her age as 15. "¦¦:.¦' t"
METHUEN TAKES HECKPOORT.
British Troops Continue Their March
North of I>elagroa Bay Railway.*
LONDON, July 20.— The following dis
patch from Lord Roberts has b'een re
ceived at the War Office:
PRETORIA. July 19.— Methuen occupied
Heckpoort to-day without opposition to
speak of. Ian Hamilton and Methuen
continued their march along the country
north of the Delagoa Bay Railway.
Hunter Is reconnoltering the positions oc
cupied by the Free Statere between Beth
lehem arid Flcksburg.
Child Seriously Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 20.— Annie Bartley, the
S-year-old daughter of Mrs. Bartley of
155 Santa Teresa street, was run over at
the corner of San Augustine and Market
streets last evening and received serious
Injuries. The child was crossing the
street behind a wagon when a delivery
wagon going In an opposite 1 direction
struck her. The shaft struck her in the
The Labor Council.
At last night's meeting of the Labor
Council enmmunications wpto received
frotn Scr.ator Perkins and the Congress
men of this State, and a!sr> from Captain
Amos W. Kimball. United States quarter
master at the Presidio, regarding the
wages paid to carpenters workiner at the
Presidio ore year aeo. It was stated that
13 was all that was demanded by the men
and this sum was paid. The Government
had no official knowledge of a higher rat»
of wage* given to workmen.
A strong appeal -was made to the >^>-
tive Son?' organization tr< bestow all of
their printing for the fiftieth anniversary
to union shops.
face just below the eye. She was knocked
down and fell under the wagon. She was
picked up unconscious. The injury under
the eye is severe, and she has a bad gash
on the head. While her injuries will not
result fatally, it will be some time before
she fully recovers.
tauquan Series.
LECTCTBES ON COOKERY.
Popular Courses of Study in the Chau-
PACIFIC GROVE. July 20.— Among the
Chautauqua classes now being conducted
two are greatly in the lead In popularity.
They are the scientific cookery class, un
der Miss Kate Whittaker of Oakland, and
the child studv class, under Mrs. Mary
J. Greene of Palo Alto, assisted by Pro
fessor George C. Price of Stanford Uni
versity. Miss Whittaker's class contains
lf*> members, and If being conducted with
jrreat success. Mrs. Greene's department
gave a public demonstration of the meth
ods advocated by the association they
represent at the "forum hour" period to
day and a large and interested audience
was present.
The afternoon session contained one of
the most interesting 'vents thus far on
the programme, especially at this time,
when the eyes of the world are centered
upon China. Mrs. \V. H. Wahner. who
has spent many years near Pahlrig as a
missionary, told of "China and the Box
ers." describing the conditions which in
her opinion led up to the crimes recently
perpetrated In China. To-night the Chi
cago cartoonist. Alton Packard, grave a
second chalk-talk entertainment, his sub
ject being "High Art and Homely Hints."
Campaign Opened.
CARSON, New. July 20.— C. A. Towne
of Minnesota opened the political cam
paign in Western Nevada to-night. He
addressed a large audience of Democrats
and Silver men and was met by represent
tatives of both parties. He was followed
by an address bv F. G. Newlands. who Is
a* candidate for" re-election to Congress.
Towne and Newlands expect to make a
number of addresses throughout Nevada.
POCATELLO, Idaho. July 20.— To-day
the Democratic convention partially re
versed its action of last r.Jght. when, by
a narrow margin of four votes It adopted
a resolution declaring that it would not
nominate a candidate for Senator. As
soon as the convention met Delesrnte
Fraser moved to reconsider the ballot.
The roll was called, the result being 1^3 to
120 in favor of the motion. The Dubois
men then referred an amendment in the
form of a substitute Instructing the con
ference committee to apportion the office
of Senator, but omitting any reference to
the nomination of a candidate. This res
olution carried. 122 to 111 The result was
accepted as a complete victory for Mr.
Dubols. it bein« conceded that he wouM
secure the office on the apportionment
and virtually be nominated. It la said,
however, that a strong effort Is being
made to secur<» the apportionment for th^
Democrats and that there will be another
contest In th*> convention. Since morning
the convention has done nothing, remain
ing In recess awaiting a report from the
convention conference committee. At
10:15 to-night there is still no report.
PROHIBITIONIST CANDIDATE
IS FORMALLY NOTIFIED
CHICAGO. July 2).— John J. Woolley.
Prohibition candidate for the Presidency
of the United States, was formally noti
fied of his nomination at a meeting hegi
to-night in Central Music Hall.
Chairman Dickie 3 speech was well re
ceived. He spoke at some length on the
humanitarian aspect of the nations of the
earth rushing to prevent the outrages in
China, and declared the woes and havoc
created by rum far exceed those of th«
"yellow terror beyond the Pacific."
Mr. Woolley. In reply, said in part: -I
accept this nomination, not as the leader
of a forlorn hope, but as a color-bearer
In the next and greatest forward move
ment of humanity. For It seems Well
within the lines of the most studious
moderation to believe 'that organized con
science as represented by the church ani
organized greed as represented by th^
liquor traffic are forming rapidly in Amer
ican politics for the greatest pitched bat
tle of the ages, and in that fight he 13
the chief of dullards who cannot pick the
winner."
MAY FORCE NOMINATION
FOR GOVERNOR ON HILL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July ».— Talk of forcing
the Democratic nominatftn for Governor
upon David B. Hill has been renewed
among the Tammany leaders. Immedi
ately after the Kansas City convention
adjourned word was passed around among
Tammany delegates that -Mr. Hill would
be nominated for Governor. Tammany
then, as now. regarded the State as al
ready lost, but many reasons were found!
why Mr. Hill should be made the candi
date.
Mr. Hill at present is at Normandie-by
the-Sea. He will come to this city next
week for the purpose of meeting Former
Senator Murphy. Mayor McGuire of Syra
cuse and other Democrats In order to dis
cuss campaign plans. His friends said to
night that It wa3 ridiculous to suppose
that he could be made to accept the gu
bernatorial nomination.
Bryan has been asked by the William
j. Bryan Club, a new orsranixatlon. to
make a speech In Madl3on Square Garden
on a date to be selected by him. He
has not yet replied.
Keswick Bridge Completed.
fr-cla! D!«patch to The Call
MTJBDEB IS SUGGESTED.
KESTVICK, July 20.— Keswlck's new
bridge 4cro«s the Sacramento was com
pleted to-day. It Is 110 feet long and cost
the county 13000. It was built by the San
Francisco Bridge Company In eighty days.
It is built of wood and rteel after the
Pratt truss system. If will be of great
benefit to Keswick and the country on the
east side of the Sacramento, where mine
owners have immense quantities of ore
which they will now b« able to have
smelted at Keswick.
London Paper Intimates That Eus
slan' Minister Was Poisoned.
LONDON. July 20.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the E>aUy Express, com
mentlng upon the mystery of Count Mur
aviefTs death, suggests that the late Rus
sian Foreign Minister was poisoned by
the Secretary of the Chinese legation.
DUBOIS' CHANCES TAKE
ON MORE ROSEATE HUE
A New Improvement Club
The property owners ar.d business men
of Kifth and adjacent streets organized
an impravement clutf in the parlors of
the Cosmnpoliran Hotel. Fifth and Mis
sion streets, iast night nnd elected Cap
tain Bryant presidfnt and J. C. Canty
secretary. An executive committee com
posed of the following was appointed:
William Fahey. A. Astir.?. James Me^k.
J. B. Allen and G. L&ndnuor. J. C. Canty.
Phil Ryan and G. I- R.-ise were appointed
a committee on laws. William Fahey, P.
Ryan. G. Landauer. H. F. Mams. J. B.
Allen and Captain Bryant delivered short
addresses.
THE finance committee that Is to
provide funds for the celebration
of the Admission day jubilee of
California held a meeting yes
terday afternoon. Tbe members ar
ranged upon a plan of active »" work
to commence to-day and to be continued
until the amount that it is expected it will
be able to raise shall havp been .secured.
The grandeur of the celebration will be
measured by the amount that will be col
lected.
Alcalde Parlor of this city has decided
that all its members shall take part In the
parade in a uniform of white, made after
the style of J a yachting costume— white
hat. black belt and black Windsor tie.
The parior promises to show the most
expensive banner of the order and has
under consideration a float to represent
an Alcalde of early days holding court in
front of an adr>he Courthouse. The parlor
has secured headquarters at 11CS Market
street, which will be elaborately decor
ated. Thore the members will receive and
entertain their friends. The Alcalde drill
corps. Captain John Staude commanding.
will be attired in a striking uniform and
each member will carry a sword.
Henry Lund. Sweden and Norway's
Consul." announces that the Swedish-Nor
wegian clubs will turn out a float in the
parade.
Precita Parlor has appointed John C.
Griffith as its aid to the grand marshal.
It will parade 125 men. with a band of
twenty-four pieces.
Sea Point Parlor of Sausalito will have
seventy-five men In line attired in a neat
uniform, and will have a tioat and a band
i of twenty pieces. G. S. Kilborae will be
the aid to the grand marshal.
Sacramento Parlor is completing its ar
rangements for the parade. It will have
as special guests Calafia and Sutter p»r-
I lore of the Native Daughters.
Athens Parlor of Oakland has appointed
j C. S. Schmidt as its aid to the grand mar
; shal. Mr. Schmidt is six feet four inches
i tall and weighs '2LI pounds.
In addition to what the San Jose par-
I lors have already announced their officers
i write th»y will have a float in line.
I St. Helena Parlor suggests that the
! committee invite '-Uncle" Jack Tork. who
! was one of the men who raised the Bear
i Hag in California, to Join the celebration.
Pacific Parlor So. 10 of this city will
turn out about 3A0 men. led by the Third
I Artillery band. The members will wear a
! uniform of white duck trimmed with gold
: braid. This will be patterned, after the^
! uniform of an admiral of the United
| States navy. After the parade the mem
bers and their friends will march to the
! banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
I where covers will be set for 650 persons.
After the banquet the members of the
[ parlor, led by the band, will make a tour
I of visitations to the different headquar
i ters. In the evening the parlor will give
I a grand ball and will also entertain at
' its own headquarters. The parlor has set
! aside $3000 for the purpose of entertaining
i during the days of the festival.
The general committee met last night In
I Shasta Hall. .Myron E. Wolf in the chair.
The committee on local transportation
| reported that it has received offers of as
| many npen carriages as will be required
i at a low rate.
The committee on decorations and
illumination reported in favor of award-
Ing a contract for Illuminating Market
street, the ferry building, the City Hall
and Native Sons' building with 10.000
' festooned lights, at a cost of $10,500. for
four nights and five hours a night. This
was reierred to the finance committee.
Messrs. Polk and Pissis were made honor
! arv members of the committee. A recom
i mendatloft that 11500 be set aside for the
! decoration of the Mechanics' Pavilion for
i the grand ball was referred to the finance
! committee.
i The committee on g-eneral information
j asked- for $1O«) to help it in carrying out
i !ts purpose.
" The committee on halls and headquar
| ters announced that it has already secur
ed headquarters for forty-two parlors and
< can furnish sixty-five more headquarters.
' The recommendation that Native Sons'
Hall be secured for a stated time was
amended to request the hall directors to
donate the use of the hall for four days.
' The report of 'he parade committee as
j to expenditure' was referred to the
finance committee.
Past Grand President Clark asked for
1000 volunteers to assist him in making
collections for the general fund.
j A protest from the California Notion and
Toy Company against the award of the
display flag was referred to a special
I committee of five to report to the finance
committee. The committee consists of
Lonnan. Stoney, Desoto. O'Donnell. and
I Keenan.
j The San Francisco Labor Council asked
that the union label be placed on all
printed matter issued under order of the
general committee. The matter was re
ferred to the printing committee.
OFFICERS WHO WILL MANAGE THE PARADE.
Followed the Lead r f a Chicago Coa
{rregtttion, Which Improved
Valuable Property and
Made Fine Profits
ALAMEDA. July W.-AIameda has the
only church tn this vicinity that, in ad
dition to its mission of saving souU. 13
engaged in successful business enter
prise. It la the First Methodist Episcopal
Church. It conducts It? affairs In much
the same way that other corporations con
duct theirs and has so far met with signal
The church constructed the M. E.
Church block about two years ago at the
corner of Parn street and Central avenue.
.On the ground floor there ar» four store*
and the top floor contains a number of
ctttce rooms, all of which are rented. The
'.ncome from these rentals Is used to pay
Interest on a large debt provide a
sinking fund.
The present church edifice formerly
stood in the site where this business block
is cow located. The trustees of the
church two yeara ago decided that th«?
property. being on the principal street.
was too valuable for church purposes an<!
tried to dispose of It. But property val
ues were low then and the trustees eotxtd
not get a satisfactory figure. Finally
they concluded to Improve the site them
selves.
The lot was deep enough to contain
both the church and the parsonage, which
faced on Central avenue. The parsonage
was removed to a lot which was pur
chased at a bargain a* the corner of Oak
street and Central avenue. The church
was turned around to face on Central ave
nue and soon afterward the business block
was in course of erection. To carry this
carefully laid plan for investment - anil
profit through the trustees had to Incur
a debt of CS.iVirt, which included the cost
of the new building, the cost nf removal
and the purchase of another lot.
When the building iwas first projected
rents on Park street were rather low. but
they have Improved Fteadilv. The trusting
estimate that the Income from the block
will clear off the indebtedness at the rate
of COO) a year.
This business stroke on the part of the
M. E. Church wag suggested oy th*> ex
ample of the Clark-street il»thodtsf
Church of Chicago, a representative of '
¦which told the trustees of the business
success of *i!3 church. The Clark-street
Church people found a valuable business
lot on their hands and erected a building,
meettn- with such success in the under
taking that from $20,000 to J30.0OO Is netted
to it every year.
Reducing a Big Debt as a
Result of Methods of
Its Trustees.
BUSINESS BLOCK
IS OWNED BY AN
ALAMEDA CHURCH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. July 20.
George Hayden, two years old, son of
Mr. and Mrs. William Hayden. residing at
5*6 Caledonia avenue, was attacked by a
pet raccoon at the house to-day, and ter
ribly bitten about the head and face be
fore the uply animal was b*at«*n off by
clubbing. The baby was rescued by the
mother, who heard the child's screams
and, arming herself with a heavy stick,
fought the raccoon off and dragged the
little boy out of reach.
The raccoon was killed by the child's
father as soon as he arrived home and
learned of the narrow escape of the baby
from death.
Th<* Haydena had been taking care of
the residence- during the absence of the
Gregorys, whose home it is. The raccoon
was owned by Clyd«* Gregory. For a lon^
time the animal had been a pet and it
was supposed was harmless ami domesti
cated. It was kept chained near a ken
nel in the back yen!. Mr. Hayden had.
however, been careful to keep the chil-i
away from the animal, but this afternoon
while the little one wap toddBner about the
yard he tot too near tho raccoon. With
out warning- the creature sprang upon the
baby, knocking him clown, scratching and
tiling with ugly ferocity. The sharp teeth
and claws w<=r<» buried in the infant's ten
dor fl>«h. tearir.g and gouging with all the
m'ar.rc" of a v.-'ld animal's attack. The
baby lay helpless and screaming from
fright and pain when the mother rushed
to save her little one from the angered
Th«» bal>y"s= head was badly torn and tile
ears and scalp were seriously lacerated.
Medical treatment was speedily at hand,
but the severe shock has left the child in
a. dangerous condition.
After a Hard Fight the Mother Res
cues Her Offspring From the
Clutches of the Mad-
dened Animal.
Angry Beast Seizes a Baby,
Tearing and Gouging
the Little One.
CHILD NEARLY
TORN TO DEATH
BY A RACCOON
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Julr 2u-
The first train over the little Califor
nia and Nevada Railroad made a round
trip to-day and brought a load of hay out
of the fertile but neglected San Pablo
Valley.
This fact is Tf interest mainly as being
one of the moves that are being made on
this little road. *il of which :nerely con
firm the stor. published in The Call of
some weeks ago that the California and
Nevada Rail/oad had passed Into the
hands of the Santa Fe system, and It
v.*as only a question of time when the
great railroad system chose to absorb the
smaller road and utilize it for an entrance
Into On and.
From the movf that are being made on
the California and Nevada system It Is
becoming more and more evident that e
absorption will take place the moment
that the litigation now pending over the
bonds ts settled.
The reopening of the road is bein. con
ducted by Santa Fe Railroad officials.
First of all A. A. Grant, who built large
sections of the Valley road and near./
all of the Santa >'e lines in Southern Cal
ifornia, is the receiver of the road. A. S.
Stuart, who has been connected with the
Santa Fe system for years, has been ap
p:ln;ei superintend. nt of the r »i and
is directing the reconstruction 1 1 me line.
The other employes of the little road,
while few In number, have been drawn
from the Santa Fe at Point Richmond.
The roacoed of the little line Is being
repaired, brldgres ~.aeed and a consider
able amount of wor.c done thereon. Tnls
work would not be lost were the :oad to
be reconstructed this winter. Though the
new management of the road declines to
discuss the future, the indications •
that the road will be operated during 1 the
summer, hauling produce out of the San
Pablo Canyon, and that the conversion of
the road Into a broadgauge will take place
this winter when the litigation is finally
settled.
The recent decision of Judge Heacock,
Commissioner of the United States < ir
cult Court, that the F. M. Smith bonds
against the road were illegally issued, and
that ti - Captain J. W. Sirlth bonds, row
held by ciarles H. Smith and A. A.
Grant, were th« only legal lien against
the road, but that these bonds belonged
to the estate of Car tain J. '.V. Smith, has
done much to clear the title 9t the road.
The only struggle now on Is to pet the
bonds out of the estate of Captain J. W.
Smith.
Officials From the Latter in Control
of the Little Line Out cf
the City of Oak
land.
Every Indication Points to
. Its Early Absorption by
the Santa Fe.
CALIFORNIA AND
NEVADA ROAD IS
BEING OPERATED
SOME OF THE FEATURES OF
THE STATE'S GOLDEN JUBILEE
BEF.KKI.EV. July 20. —Benjamin Ide
Wbeeler. president of the University of
California; returned to-day from his East
ern 'rip. He has been looking for new
3-at»na! for the university faculty and
wctO recommend « l!st c* names to the R<>-
F- Dti at their t:«»xt meeting. He declines,
however, to. give out the natnes of those
candidates or the positions they will fill.
Ftatfng. however, that they are micor po-
Eitions.
"I have no plans for the future." sa!d
President Wheeler, "except what I hai
before I vent away. My trip was tak-n
witb the view of looking over the field fcr
rr< r. whom we cannot find among our own
praduates to rake positions of instructors
fe:.i assistants. There will be no new
jiaces created in the faculty."
President Wheeler left here about the
middle of last month, jroinff directly to
Chicago. » lime he called upon several can
ci tet«c for positions in Berkeley. Fr^m
there he wrr.t to Providence. R. I., and
attended the rjpper given at the twenty
fifth anniversary of the graduation of his
«~la?F. He received from his alma mat»r
e* Hr<:wn the honorary dejrree of LI*. D.
The same degree was conferred on him at
Harvard.
1 r. \V)vf*;er visited Salem. New Hamp
f~:re. th<» orijrina! home of his family;
Harvard University. New Tork City, Al
bas?; Cazenorla and Chautauqua. At the
J»ft named place he remained two days,
j. ••r;r a lecture on "Greek Religion."
From ChautAUQca he returned to Al-
I ujjt. whore be met Mrs. Wheeler. The
n -v was then made to Chicago and
:: m tnert to Berkeley.
Pr. Wheeler :< particularly well pleased
Ti.-h rh« view Eartern people have of the
1'aiieifelty of California. "We arf kr.o-wn
a~>i appreciated." ho said. "The people
; - c Interested in California and I have
:r t many Etudests who wish to come here.
• rtudy. We would have no difficulty in
- tttss p"o«l Eastern men in our faculty
i.- California is now r*=c<igr.iaf-d as one of
:: ¦ foremost uriversities in the country."
Pr^sid^nt Wheeler wishes to create a
f.- j-.p.r'rs^r.r of irrigation. provi£ir<« the
5 incea of the university will warrant It.
}•"• :r3"':cs Is not taught here, and Presi
dent Wheeler, who has beer, looking up
;V subject while East, will interest the
r- gents ir. it. "We ar<:- making 3v<> cents
iio what a dollar should do." said Dr.
Wheeler in speaking of th* finances. "I
rn giad to state, however, that we closed
this year without a def.cit as against a
342.000 deficit last yea-."
President Wheeler savs that the political
r::ua:ion in the East is unusually quiet.
*«ein»r overshadowed by the trouble In
China.
I»o New Placfs Are Created in the
Faculty and the Positions
to Be Filled Are
Small.
President Wheeler Will Rec
ommend Eastern Men
to the Regents.
SEW MATERIAL
SELECTED FOR
THE UNIVERSITY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21. 1DOO.
Stabbed Two Men.
At an early hour this morning Clinton
Gilford of 7S Jackson street ran amuck
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsee
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets, open
until :2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery «tr««t,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
C*3 Hayes street; cpen until S:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. O.
CI5 Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
J<-<1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
nei Mission street, comer Sixteenth; open
cr.tll 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet ; open until Sp. m. ,
lOMi Valencia rtreet: open until » p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tuefcy ftrcets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXC NOTICES.
CAI^oltNLTchSiter No. 6, R. A. M.. ¦
w<U meft THIS (.SATURDAY) EVEN-^^
ING. July JL at T:30 o'clock. P. M. Jt/C
c-.J M V M. degrees. By order of the / i
II. r. ' FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society— Fourteenth
a'rirual p'enic will take place at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY. August S, 1300.
A<luit tickets. K>c; children under 12 years,
free: uri»n music A large amount of cash
given as frizes.
A HEECTXGI of the stockholder* of the Peo-
ple's Insurance Company, a corporation or-
jrar.ized under the laws of the State of Cal-
Kr-rr.ia. will be held at the offle« of Christy
& Wise. 212 Sansome st.. San Francisco, Cal.,
at 2 p. m., FRIDAY, the 27th day of July,
1KO. fcr the purpose cf filling vacancies in
the board of trustees for said corporation and
the transaction of such other business as may
properly come before such meeting.
A full attendance cf the stockholders Is fie-
eired. By order
JOHN H. 'WISE. Vle» President.
FRANK F. STONE. Secretaj-y.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing cf the stockholders of the Hakalau Plaa-
tatlon Company will be held at the cfflce of
the company. ST7 Market st.. San Franclsee.
Cal.. on WEDNESDAY", the 1st day of Au-
gust, 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the purpose cf electing, a board of di-
rectors to eerve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of euch other business as
may cccie before the meeting.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The R'sd^Ki Iron end Locomotive Works. — Th«
nr.nual meeting of the stockholders cf the Rls-
«Jon Iron end Locemotlve Works, for the elec-
tion of trustees for the ensuing year and ths
transaction of fuch other business as may be
iTJ'ipht before the meeting, will t>e held at the
office of the company, southeast corner of Beaie
er.3 Howard sts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
#he Cth day cf August. 1900, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ji<*-. nno to loan ondlamon<5s. watches, silverware.
FPaisklns. guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AOI~NTS of Eb:!ity and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101. 9S7 Market, cor. Sixth.
ATTORNEYS >k.T LAW,
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market et..
r-i-om C27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charjres; raoney loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divcrce law a specialty; private;
to fee without success; collections. G. w.
HOWE, any at law. SIO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. I'AVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckles bldg.. 927 Mar-
l:et Ft.: ennsuitatim free; no fees in advance.
BATH CABINETS. "
ROBINSON jr.. 4-rane! folding: door opens: firm
zni fafe. AV. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. *26 Ellis.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— FRED WARD & SON.
Acr.'.s, 46 Fremont Et.
BELUIAX HARES.
A NUMDER of fine does at low prices; bred to
r.ur finest bucks: LORD ED1XBORO (Imp).
tee 125; DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.), fee
$ir,; fine lot of younpsters from three to five
month? old from Lnrd Edinbom and cur im-
ported does with srand color and perfect feet
all rovnd; full line cf rabbit supplies; free
literature.
SAX FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO,
SAM C. HAMMOND. Mgr.
Offire— Spreckles Market.
Rafcbltry— 11JS Shotwell tt.
BELGIAN HARES'.'.
All the j-ojiular strains at greatly reduced I
] rices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS- \
BUSINESS CHANCES — COXTIXUED.
MEN of Nerve Go to the Philippines.
Klondike and Nome Not In It.
Just arrived from Manila, after two years' ex-
perience prospecting In mining; have located
very rich gold, silver and copper mining: wouk
like to get a company of ten men together, in-
cluding one assayer, to work the claims which
we have already taken up and take up more
clalmspfr* are In possession of a splendid a»-
eortment of very rich specimens. For further
information please call at DENVER HOUSE.
217 Third St., near Howard, room 103. ¦
CLASSIFIED'advertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptlons has been established at 1098.
Valencia Bt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
8 ROOMS; clean; nice; respectable location. $250
10 and 12 r. houses, all par;s of city, $350 up.
14 r.; clean; respectable; rent $63; good.. 1700
21 rooms; central: clears $80 a month $1000
>4 rooms; rent *S5; profitable; V, cash $1600
60 rooms; very nice: clears over $100 $2900
194 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.; tel. Blk 1803.
16 ROOMS. $300; respectable, no transient; all
full of permanent renters; clears $1 per day
above the rent; rent *35. M. GRIFFIN, 719
Market ft., near Call bldg.
fJOO-SNAP; 28 rooms; all rented: fine location;
near Market et. BAPILE. 3 Eddy st.
CAMPAIGN_P|IOJO_£tLTJOjNS^ _
MF*Y. of all kind* of photo buttons and lewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market tn... S. F.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing ¦vVorks ! 353-357^Tehainast ; j^teKB ; 40.
8AXITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
842-344 McAllister tt.: phone South 148.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 840 14th et.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
45S Stevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest ratf.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 4c
gTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WACOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for fale cheap. G32 Mission.
NEW & Td-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 13th & Valencia.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGB W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency. In-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland; high baaeroent; corner lot. 9Cx
135; fine grounds and fruit trees; location
Al; 6 minutes' walk to local station. II. H.
COLBY. Express office. East Oakland.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: lot 50x100: MIs-
slon: easy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM. •
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 8S8 Mis-
sion et.; readings dally, 25c, 50c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c.
WVLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis, 10 a.#m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-nlsht 10c.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON, ,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St.. near 12th.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting II. 1104 Market. '
CLAIRYOYAXTS. !
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight. <
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clair.: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
CONSULT with the clairvoyant, the glfteC ,
clairvoyant: fee 25c. 3434 Minna st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FTKST-CLASS German dressmaker wlshc* en-
gagements by the day in private families; tai-
lor suits specialty. Address 2116 Howard st.
A COMPETENT woman wants work by the
day; $1 and carfare; no large washing. 114
Fourth st. ___!__
HOUSEKEEPER for small family; country
rref erred. Box 135, Call./
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
E21 Mission St.. room 1.
A YOUNG girl wishes a rttuatlon as cook and
housework. 11 Seventh Bt.
COMPETENT young woman Just from East
wishes position in small family: good French
and American cook; first-class references;
wages, $30 to |35. Box 122, Call.
A GERMAN mic!dle-affed woman, with a few
children, 'wishes situation as working houee-
keper in the country; home desired, wages no<
object. 392 Flfth-st. ,
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking. 1112 Steiner St., near
Golden Gate ave. -
SWISS girl wishes position to do general houso-
work. Apply at Helvetia Hotel. 431 Pine Bt.
CHAMBERMAID-Hotel in city or country.
Apply 1112 Steiner Bt.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general homework. Call 232 Fulton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; frea bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
: skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
MAN and wife, both first-class cooks, want sit-
uation In country hotel. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento Bt.
A STRONG young boy, aged 16 years, wants a
situation as a delivery wagon driver; is well
acquainted with the city and can handle
horses well; references and security can be
had if required. Address 718 Valencia st.
YOUNG Frenchman (cannot speak English)
wishes position in wholesale house or private
family; Is handy and willing; references.
Call or address 1100 Folsom st.
HONEST, energetic High School student desires
to increase his income by employment from 4
to 9 p. m. and Saturdays; age IX. Address
13:> Park ave.. East Oakland.
WANTED — Position by all-round machinist and
engineer; city or country: good reference.
Address box 137. Call.
WANTED— By a man holding a responsible po-
sition, a set of books to poet two or three-
hours a day. Box 139, Call.
WANTED— Position as traveling stove sales-
man; references. Address W. N., 2317 Howard.
AJJ old, experienced cook wishes position in
lunchhouse. Box 140, Call office.
AN active, elderly man, first-class sign painter
bx trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card ¦writing and generally handy,
wishes a permanent position in some large
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices In that or any other capacity can be
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOP-
KINB. box 27S6. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
GARDENER, fully competent in flower, orna-
mental, fruit and vegetable departments; also
care of animals; wife first-class housekeeper;
both with very best references. Address box
130, £all office.
COMPETENT German cook wants work on
ranch, hay press, etc. Address Cook, box 131,
Call office.
STRONO boy of 16 wishes position of any kind
with board and lodging and reasonable wages.
Box 115. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced meat cut-
ter; can give best references. Box 129, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t.
EXPEIIT OPTICIAXS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market (rear Seventh): exam nation
free; German eye water by mail. Me; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt
. HELP. WAI. TED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant-lS5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses for Santa Fe eating-house, $20,
free transportation; 2 waltreses. springs, near
city, $20; waitress and chambermaid to wait,
springs, $20 each, see party here; 8 wait-
reuses, country $20 and $25; 2 waltreses. city,
*20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 3 cooks, $30,
$33 and |40.
.'• FAMILY DEPARTMENT :..
2 cooks, country $30; working housekeeper
(woman with a child), for Nevada, $30, see
Party here 10 a. m. ; French second girl, Ala-
meda, $20; nurseglrl. Belvedere, $20, see party
here; German waitress and seamstress, $20;
ranch cook. Sulsun. $25 and fare, and SO other
places for cooks, houseglrls and nurses. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WOMAN* cook, 15 to 20 people; Lake Tahoe;
$40; free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN &
- CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦
WANTED — Experienced canners; also women
and girls to work on fruit; highest wagea
paid at CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Tenth and Bryant streets. •
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV!
STRAUSS'& CO.'S factory, 32% Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A first-class girl for housework and
cook: good wages and reference wanted. 907
Devlsadero st.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
in good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO.. room 40. Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1824. Call office. .*»-
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait at
table once a day; small hotel. 299 Hyde st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German elrl wanted to do
chamber work. 119A Sixth st.
COMPETENT young lady to work in hair store.
1E0S Polk.
APPRENTICES an overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
W ANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in minding
a baby. 823 Turk st. ¦
WANTED— A girl to work In restaurant. S
Howard st. '
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts
and underwear. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker wanted. 8% An-
tonla 6t. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists: $10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co., 226 Bush st.
GIRLS wanted, bookbinder}'- BUSWELL CO.,
636 Clay Bt. j-
H0O.O0O to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Assistant attendant In Institution
for boys short distance In country, $30,
bc%rd. room and wash. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Blacksmith for Oregon', $3 day and fare paid;
machine driller, quarry, Oakland, $2 50 day:
2 machine miners, $3 day; 2 single hand ,
miners, $2 £0 day; 6 men handy with tools, $40
and board; farmer and wife, $40; 6 laborers,
rock crusher, $23 and board: brick molder and
setter, $3 a day each; brickyard laborers, $2
day; milker, country. $30; milk 10 cows and
make butter, $30; cook for camp, $30; 3 la-
borers around mine, $2 day; 2 carmen for
mine, $3 day: blacksmith helper, mine, $2
day; blacksmith helper, ranch. $30; wood-
choppers, axmen and others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay at.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2C0 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.. .,12 a day
100 teamsters, Hakersfield $2 a day
200 teamsters. Const Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office Fee $1 Free Fare
10 coal miners, 12 50 day; 20 laborers, saw-
mill, woods. $26 nnd board, fare advanced;
miners and machine men. S2 50 to $3 day;
coachman, good references, $35; blacksmiths,
wheelwrights, farmers, milkers, choremen and .
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, springs, $35: cook, small springs.
$40; potwasher, country hotel. $30, fare paid;
3 dishwashers, different summer resorts, $23;
6 waiters. $23 and J30; 2 markers and distrib-
utors. $12 a week and $45 a month.
C. R. HANSEN tt CO 104 deary st.
A— 100 LABORERS $2 a day
S. P. Co. work at Surf
Board, $4 10 a week Ship Sunday morning
Apply to-day Free fare Office fee $1.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 COOKS and wives, country, $60 and $70; 2
hotel cooks. $40 and $45; 2 night cooks. $10 and
$13 week; colored kitchen boy, $20 and founJ;
hotel waitress, country, $30; restaurant wait-
ress, $33 and $10 week; potwashers, dish-
washers and other kitchen help. J. F. CROS-
KTT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento St.
EXPERIENCED furniture mover. $12 week; 3
bricklayers, $5 day: 2 bricklayers' helpers, $3
day: laundrymnn, $.'0 and found; carpenters,
$2 50 to $3 Jay; 3 blacksmiths for country.
$2 50 and $3 SO day; wagon blacksmith; wheel-
wright; carriage painter; ixmltry man and
wife; r,0 farmers. $23 and $30. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento st.
ICO LAnORERS for mills, woeds nnd lumber
yards. $30 and found and $1 75 and $2 25 day;
50 woodsmen, $30 to $50 and found: 2 slngle-
han'l miners. $2 50 day; 4 Burlelgh drill
miners. $." day; 100 railroad laborers, frt-e
fare; 10 railroad laborers. $1 50 day and board,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
C2S Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jpssie 152.
SMART boy 13 to 17 years old wanted to work
in factory; one not nfrnld of work; wages |12
to $14 per month. Address box 131. CnJl.
WANTED — A smart young boy to wait on gro-
cery anJ taloon: German preferred. Apply
1701 Mission ft., between C:30 awl 7:30 a. m. '
A BARBKR wanted for Saturday and Sunday; .
$ 5. Corner Seventeenth st. and Telegraph j
ave., Oakland. j
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 21 |
East :l. j
nARDKR— Kirst-clnss. young man: easy, steady i
Job. 703 Fourth st., San Rafael. \
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages J3. 40s : * i
Sixth ft. ' I
BARBER for Saturday nnd Sunday. 715 Davla j
street.
2 BARHURS for Saturday. 797 Mission st. ;
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 131 Va-
lencia Bt. '
BARBKR wanted. 517 Fourth St.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and steady;
pood wares. 121 Third st.
BARBER wanted; steady. Call 701 Mission. .
near Third. ¦ ;
OOOD barber wanted. 1073 Market St.. near
Seventh. .
GOOD hftrbor Saturday; 11 a. m. to 11 n. m. ; '
J3. 1727 Market, st.. opp. Haight.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
105 Fourth st. |
BARBERS— FlrstjClasn shop In town of 2300;
for sale cheap: bhavlng 25c. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 EUlg tt. . :
5-CHAIR barber Ehop, complete, for sale cheap.
}17u9 Mission st.
3TRONG bo'y wanted. 704 Mission St. !
WANTED— First-class sober bedmaker. Call
9 o'clock at 149 Third st. *
BUTCHER for restaurant. 112 Fourth St.; call
early. .
WANTED— Good cleaner; eteady work. Hud- "
son River Dye Works, 409 Sutter st.
SHEEPSKIN cutters : and apprentices. Ctur-
son Olove Co., 35. Market st. _ j
CARRIAGE wood workers and wheelwrights.
O'BRIEN & SONS, 500 Golden Gate ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
3OOTBLACK wanted. 39'^ Turk St., near Tay- ;
lor.
WANTED — A piano-player. 722 Howard St., ]
call between 11 and 12 o'clock; good waves.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1333 Market St., corner
Tenth. ' > ' "_¦
SVAITER wanted. 207 Fell St. "¦ j
A'ANTED— Butcher. Corner Second and Bry-
ant sts. ¦ ''"..-¦ .
3HORT-OIII3ER conk: lunch counter work; call '
early. 1201 Fillmore St. -
. — — ~ ; ; \ . . .. .._ i
DISHWASHER wanted at 1416 Howard st.
\N extra dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
tV'ANTED-Stableman In milk dairy. Apply '
239 Seventh at. ¦ " ' x
JARKEEPER; German preferred. Call after-
noon. 10S3 Market St.
IXPERIENCED milk wagon drivers wanted. -
14CS4 DevlEadero st. .'- . - .. . J
•VANTED— First-class stove . traveling . sales-
man. Box 110. Call office. *-. .-. .;¦¦¦"_"
3OY to run, elevator -13 m. to 6 p. m. "- Inquire I
between 10 and 12, 602 California at, room 6.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF ar.d Lady Lumb.
first prise in England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. 100?H Suttfr.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,603 Ool-
<Vn Oate are.. S. F. t f.00 rabbits for sale cheap.
niCVCLICS* — For Sale or Bxcbange.
ALLEN ppi!s new bicycles. $20 to $75; eecond-
haTTi nn«s. *." up. 1970 Page ft.
HtSIVESS CIIAXCES.
A— ty*O: delicacy and dairy produce. In Ala-
r.o<ia; rent $»; daily receipts 112; business es-
tabl. years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— J17:/'; OOBKER grocery and bar on Mission
ft. : j lare has been kept by present owner
for 1C years and clearing above J150 per
month; Ftock &n<3 fixtures worth the money
i^ll R. G WILKE. 264 Kearny n.
A-4390— -RESTAURANT and chophouse on
»-tli' irrnt: rent $15. bargain. It. G. NVILKE.
Kearny Ft.
A— $<00: BAKERY establ. many years In lively
country town: place doing a epleniJld b'-si-
r.<"*!?: rvnt J20; ek-kness of proprietor only
ca;iF» tl sale; fuM.-st investigation solicited.
Call R. O. WILKE. 2C>- Kearny tl.
A -}:;¦-": PABT3CEB wanted in old-establ. cor.
nooeir ard liar on Third St.. dally receipts
i*-r.t $!2; leaf?: rare chance. See R. u!
AVILKE. 26U Keamy Ft.
A— $4«Y>; CORNER grocery ar.1 bar; established
years a-d known as a jnn»v making place;
t.e* locat'.nn: close to Chronic> building. See
26H Kearny ft.
A-KREIXi & DUTTON. phene Black :A'2.
j-nnru_oi>oci-UY *r bar: Miwlon St.; 160 dally.
$700— Home baker}"; coffee parlor; no oppo-
fition. \
IMA— Restaurant in th« wholesale district.
KPEPQ & Di'TTON. 35 Geary et.
J3-"C— SAL<>ON : I furnished rooms; rent J1K: re-
ceirts no to $:2 Jaily. KKE1X) & DUTTON,
i Zt Ceary t.
S^i3»-CAN'l)V mTg: Market St.; $20 per day;
fid •(--.: bu:Ein»£S. ICREDO & DUTTON.
SC Gear}' et.
il"i- RESTAURANT in country town; fir.e
jiayin* proposition; J20.0M. seven years; also
a f2fKK) restaurant, most popular place In San
r-ranci.ro. KRK1X) & DUTTOX. 36 Oeary fct.
FOR wit WeD-fcSown wholesale and retail
ca&6y business: established 1C years ar.d mak-
irg large iirofitr; ?very opportunity given to
purrhawr to investigate. Full particulars
LANE A- CO.. bCS Market St.
tr-C -CSTA BLISHED~2^~yean=: ftatlonery. no-
tions. canJy anl laundry business, with 3
living rms: rent low. LANE & CO.. S61 Mkt.
51—' — BRASTCH bakery; 3 living rooms; cheap
r<-nt: tellinc on account of departure; neat
tlace. Pacific Exchange. 1C1C Market Bt.
$;C0— PARTNER wanted: saloon; choice loca-
tion: cheap r»rt: present owner prefers part-
r.er to hired help. LUNDIN & CO.. S73 Mar-
ket. room 12.
PARTNER wanted In a saloon; aUo in lHO
roomed I" 14 *'"* house: b!g chance. McBRIDE
& CO.. t-30 Howard St.
PARTNER with $?M wanted In purely legltl-
rnate business no humbug, no risk; several
hundred dollars' profit : no menial labor re-
quired ; absolute satisfaction ruaranteed be-
i"T* investment. Address box 136. Call office.
H'<i-ON account of retiring; a paying business;
established ever 20 years; stock and fixtures
hirluac-1; suitable man and wife: living rms.
Partn.-u.arx. apply at creamery. 2318 Flllmore.
FOU SALE— A strictly good business; restaur-
ent: 1(W chairs and feeding 100 people- bakery
uvinc 2 barrels flour dal'.y; horse and wagon'
K-deing-house. T-4 rooms, newly furnished-
finest op;>ortur.:ty tc make money. Inoulre
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. Cal.
T<T rfnt-Fnr coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
lnoatlon; place Is entirely covered: contains 2
rta:is: rent only Jlj; water free. Inquire YVM
_. HBNPniCKPQN & CO., 614 Call buliding '
LEAPING hotel !:» Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor
dir.inff-rocm. kitchen. l>ar; completely furn •
will rrnt. sell or exchange. For particulars
»-nt> JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey? c££
A— HOTEL anl saloon at 212-214 Firet st at
reasonable terms; will eell on account of
sicknf«s. ' -¦"
FIItST-CLASS shoe shop; good prices: *ood
work: f^n account of sickness. 232 Bush »t.
JCO-CARrENTER shop; bench and tools; low
rvnt; good locality. 1SC7 Powell et.
A Tl"0 twrher ghop; 7CS Montgomery avenue.
WANTED— Printing press; foot power: good cr-
4er. Globe Rubber f!tamp Store. 1433 Market.
DAHBER Khr.p for sale; X chain; on Geary «t.
Apply 2 OTarrell st. -
FOR Fale— Saloon; pood business; cause, elck*-
new. Inquire 44 Second st.
DON'T min the trlpodn and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
•OFFEH nnd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL tc CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
! MME. HANSON, ralmlstry: card reader: past.
I present, future. 25c. 14S 6lxth St., room 14.
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: best advice: fe*
2T'C up. SC3 Mission st-, nr. Fourth: ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader. 23c. 5 Seventh st. ; no sign.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 821H Mission.op.Mlnt.
MME.Atigust. clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 2jc & 50c. 1143 Mission.
MM! 7 :. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
, sittings dally. 212*j Sixth st.
j MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
' MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladies. <U4 O'Farrell st.
DKXTISTS.
j
; AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. E03 Mar-
j ket Et.i cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
i without plates our specialty; gold crewns,
j $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
! fire hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, i to 2
| _r>. m. G. \V. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
i EICHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
an.l fillings ; estrnctTon or filling by my won- !
dTful secret. ptln!e*> method; 20 years' ex- i
perlence; no students; advice free; prices !
I cheapest and guaranteed: la<Iy attendants. [
DR. GEOP.GE W. LEEK. 20 OFarre'l at.
i i>R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh i
A —No charge for extracting when plates are |
! mide; old plates made nver like new; teeth I
from JS per Fet: extracting, tfte; gas given.
! PLATES rrom K; crowns. .$3 .".0; fillings, 50c. |
! Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
• P*AniS IVntal Parlor, 235 tCcarnr. c^r Bush— i
j Full set of te»th. $4: crowns. $.1; fillings. 25c. j
i VAN VROOM— "Painless": ever^lncs and Sun- •
I <!ayj«. 1D01 Market St.. corner Sixth.
j SITT of teeth without p!ate. DR. II. G I
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Ft.
1 *_ ~ i
DOG nOSPITALS.
I DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllcnore—
¦ Advice and medicine 75c; city visits tl 50; all |
j animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West C3G. I
i DR. CREELY'S C. P. mar.g> cureand worm pil!g j
' l:y drueciots or at hr>?pltal. T.10 Golden Oate av. j
| DnnSSJIAKEIlS AND SEAMSTHESSES
i REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Millinery
School to 10I» Market St.. above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School; j
French tall' ring system taught. 411 Van Ness. !
i PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.. dresses I
made, ia up; dresses made over; perfect tit. j
J MME. REMBERT. f.30 Sutter -et., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure."
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat- I
Ing, pinking. 121 Pogt. over O'Cohnor&Moffatt. |
EDUCATIONAL.
A YRES^lVusln^ X Coli^ger7:3 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand. typing.
i bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
I just added new business practice offices and
i 20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. PAN FKANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 30S Larkln eL:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING. cMtl,' elec. mining, raech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1864.
! VAN PER NA1LLEN SCHOOL, S33 Market.
AMATEUR carvers will ret 1 designs and art
cabinet wort prepared. 801 Ellis st.
C-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthnnd.
Val Deasy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTINc£-Lyceum Theater, 310
_O'FarreH; positions grntd to finished pupils.
II BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. S^ost st..
S. F.; founded 1SC3; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling
designing, can-ing; all branches. 424 Pim st.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United fitates or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
KMPLOYJIE.VT OFFICES.
A-JAPAXESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
<21 Post, near Powell; telephone Biuh 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Besfhelp
furn.; domestic »erv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6T
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tei.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S08>i Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411H OTarrell eU; tel. East 426.
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET.
GROVE. SIS — Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic:
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
loTer floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; stable If desired of 4 stalls; carriage
: floor, coachman's room, etc.; suitable for
physician: rent $30 and ?35. Apply on prem-
ises or MADISON & BURKE.
VALENCIA st.. between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; fine flat; sun In every room; key
there; 6 rooms and bath: rent only $25. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market St.
DOLORES St.. between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; fine flat of 6 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO..
Real Estate Agents. 630 Mnrket st.
A— 2 UPPER Funny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and both each; J25 and $28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A — S-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows:
all modern improvem'ts: 1st floor. 417VS Third.
CALIFORNIA, 2911— Uppvr sunny flat; 7 rooms;
also finished room In basement.
FLAT, 6 rooms, kitchen, dining room, yard,
to let. 1220 Polk, corner Bush.
IF ycu want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELI^IO Montgomery.
IVY AVE.. 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele- ]
gant pisnny top flat; four rooms.
TURK. 620B— fiuimy flat, 4 rooms; 'large base-
ment, rent $12; no children.
$22 ".C— MODERN flct, S rooms, bath: newly j
grain«Hl: f.rrt-clnrs. U2R Howard, nr. Fevr-nth. j
$10i<WO TO lnnn on <l!nnionds, watchi's. seal-
skin" I'.VfLF HARRIS. 13 Grnnt ave.
FLATS TO LKT— FIKNISIIKd"
TO LET— Furnlfhed flat of four rooms. 336 !
Fifth *t. / !
FURMTCnB FOR SALE.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owinz to Immefll*
ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for ' • CO.* with No>,7
range. King Furniture Co.. t .'.'7-1131 Market.
FUHXITUltE WANTED.
JGCTO worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted, i
M. Hilverstetn. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105. i
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays!
highest price tor your second-hand furniture, i
W. E. CODY (late with J. -fTTerry & Co.) buys
furniture.. rnriiets. 7a" Mission; tel. Red 33'.3.
lltCLr wA.vriio— x<'l:mai.I2.
WANTED— 1 cooks. American and German
fcmllics, with and without washing. $30 and '
$T.j; cook, part wash, no sweeping, American
family of 2. $25; 2 chambermaids." wait 1
meal, $30; 3 waitresses, free fare, country. $20,
see oofs in office; second girl and seam-
strefs, 425; Protestant second girl, short dis-
tance. $25; 3 cooks, small hotels, t25, $30 and
$45; 2 waitresses, springs, $25: waitress and
pantry fflrl, £20; fancy ironer, hotel work. $30;
laundress, country hotel. $30; 4 nurses and
upstairs girle, ?20 and $25; 2 second girls,
city, $20, and a large number of girls for gen-
eral housework, city and country. J. F
CRCSETT. 216 Sutter St.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
work: highest wages paid: apply Immediate-
ly. U. 8. FR1IIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
ave , bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work-
highest wages paid. Apply immediately. The
U. S. Fruit . PacWng Co.. Harrison st. off
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
GERMAN girl wanted to mind children; wages
no. 1003 Geary Et. ¦
GIRL for 1 hour's work In the morning for
room ar.d 1 meal. S74 Howard Et.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults and 1
child in family; wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
GIRL to take care of 14 months' old baby. .132
Dolores st., near Fifteenth.
WOMAN to scrub linoleum floor and clean un
70 Third st. ¦'
A GIRL for cooking and general housework;
call In forenoon. 1624 Geary >t.
WANTED— A competent girl for cooking and
general housework. 2123 Pond st.
LADY cashier; must have had some experience
as waitress. Call at 1201 Flllmore st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housswork and
care of children. 2217 Steiner St.- .
TEN experienced waitresses. at Cllne's Cream-
ery,. 413 Market; short hours; good wages.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843.
••Leadint Employment and Labor Aeents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
;••• WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for aft parts of California, Utah.
Washington. Arizona, Oregon Colorado. Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
• ••-.... Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev., Dlst.
Los Angeles Dlst Truckee Dlst.
Banta Barbara Dlst Shasta Dlst.
Bait Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dlst.
punsmulr Dlst Bakersfleld Dlst.
Boda Springs Dlst Madera Dist.
Ban Luis Dist Surf Dist.
......SPECIAL TO SHASTA CO. DIST
Reddins Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
And other places. We ship FREB....FREB
•• COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammernmen,
quarrymen, splkers. section hands, tunnel
men. steel gangs, etc., wages $3. $2 50, $2 25,
12, $1 90 day and FREE SHIPMENT
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
it costs only $1 fe«: no other expenses; COME
BEE FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-35 CARPENTERS to build a large flume;
26 laborers to handle hammer, etc.. $30 to $40
and found; 153 miners, sold, silver and other
mines, $90, $75 and $60 and found; 15 muck-
ers J60
Crowd going to mines; 5 men to work In
warehouse, $40 found; 264 laborers to work
at different mines. $00, $48 $4Q and found, no
experienc* required
YOU'LL SUIT/
6 machine miners, gold mine J90
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $S5. $30,
$25 and found; 32 chorem-en and boys; 53
harvest bands $2 50, $2 day and found
47 milkers and butter , makers, |35, $40. $30
and found
1S7 men to work In sawmills, woods, etc,
we pay your fares. $95, $90, $S0. $75. $60. $55.
$50. $45, $40 $35, $30, $26 and found; 136 tie-
makers and woodchoppers, tools and food
found. J2 50 to $1 cord. 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boss here; gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here: sheep
herders; men for hay presses; 37 stablemen,
hostlers, buggy washers, harness cleaners,
etc., $45. $40. $65, $30 and found;, 3S6 laborers
and teamsters for all parts of California, $2 £0,
$2 25, $2, $175 day; many for city positions
and board homo. MURRAY & READY. £34-
636 Clay B t.'
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters for vineyard company: wheel-
wright
2 bridge builders ."....".".*."."....'."."."
23 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
helpers, etc.. $2, $2 50 day to $60 and found;
wagon maker, $3 day; coremaker and other
mechanics. MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6
Clay st.
A-BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $S5 and
found
25 cooks, city and country places, $30, $35,
$40 to $60 and found; first and second hand
bakers and helpers, $C0. $10. $35 and $30 and
found: shop and slaughter house butchers,
etc.. $60. T40 and $30 and found,: laundry help
and others. MURRAY & READY, 634-63<>
Clay st.
A— AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE <!65 men
for the sawmills and woods, no experience
required. $26 to $40 and found '.fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 Jobs
and read our latest bulletin boards. MUK-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED-Recrults for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charcter; between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared th°ir Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K
St., Sacramento. Cal.. or ICoS J et.,Fresno.Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habit*, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company.
WANTED— A good molder on Jobbing work; :
union man; married preferred: to a live man :
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat- I
tie, Wash. j
WANTED— Intelligent young man about IS
years of age. Apply at S. N. WOOD & CO..
corner Powell and Eddy sts.
SALESMAN by tea, coffee and matting Im-
porters; city and local territory; salary and
• commission: good reference.; Box 123, Call.
TWO first-class outside salesmen to sell auto- |
graphic registers; salary. Call between 9 and
12 a. m., PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 23c to
We. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS general carriage and wagon
blacksmith. 128 Spear st. ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Fd Rolkiru'Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber Collegp, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years "practice; Examiner bldg.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms, 2.*c ntght; reading room; free
'bus and bangage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15o to ir.e r>er night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions hr>-s been established at itwi \ a-
j lencla st.
i IK) US KM. I.I I I". Sl'mli. Kl« l-\>r unJu
| A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
I horses. Just arrived. . weighing from 10C0 to
I l"C0 pounds; thf> horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables. 30S-310 Golden Gate ave.
, 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
! c.irt«. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st.; auction sales Cvery Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LOT cf cheap horses for campers. i>eildlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market Et. ; Castro-
ft. cars ra«s the door.
FOR Fale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
Z1EL, Vet. Pyntist. COS Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables, 13J0 Market st.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for al! purposes;
¦ cheap: best In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
MOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTBD list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
DEVlSADERO, 521 — House, S rooms and bath,
basement, yard; modern.
MOUSE TO l.ETIX iMILL VALLEY.
FURNISHED cottage of 5 rooms and b.ith In
Mill Valley for the month of August or
longer to rent very cheap. >3. W. KLTJER,
room JO. Phelan building, or E. STEELE,
Mill Valley. ¦ ¦
LOST AND FOUIYO.
PASSBOOK Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, with name THOMAS DUNNE cr
CATHERINE DUNNE. No. 201-2S7. I< inder
will please return to bank.
VICINITY of Eighth and Katoma. black span-
lel dog. white spot; answers name Nig; license
No. :>'i. Return cor. Sixth and King; reward.
LOST — A pearl sunburst breastpin, diamond
center. Finder please return 1252 Eddy st.
- and receive reward.
BACK, of gold watch case, containing picture.
Finder please return 91S Market St., room 7J;
reword.
THIRD. Market and Kearny. diamond locket;
C. K'H. on back. Return Newman's Richelieu.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rinsrs
from my residence at 727 Washington st., Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-carnt diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
LOST — Bulldog; dark brindle color; crocked
tail; {¦car on back. Return to San Francisco
Transfer Stable, Spear St.. and receive re-
ward.
LOST— English foxhound, black and tan. Re-
ward, at 42fi Pacific st. -
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrlD-
- tlons from |1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave-. .
MRUICAI.. '
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable; .
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
.home; low. fees. 1007% Market st., near Sixth. .
MRS DR, WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs/
practice: home in- confinement: • treatment at ¦
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con- i
.fldentlal. 942 Poet St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. WISE <YS)— The only genuine ladles' spe-
cialist. - Office,' HIS Market St.; treatment, ?5.
t®; MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market st.— Rella-
ble ladles' and Agents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of ca?es suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guarantee'l at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the sam»
day; try the celebrated Hlndo Herb treatment
for home cure: perfectly harmless; home f jc
confinement. Send five 2-cent stamps ior clr-
cular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5, positive cure: home for patient.-* be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confiden-
tial; hours, 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sunday?, 10 to
2. 446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hydr.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELLL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1C23Mi Market st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles'"speclal-
lst; home in oonnnement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China.; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; eanl-
tarlum.710 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advice fre«.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
.MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH A WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In "4 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., abovo
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale— Fine quality sealskin sacque. suit-
able for 34 or 36 bust. JS5; cost $173; almost
new. Box 117. Call officer
A— $3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
GREYHOUND puppies, 3 or 14 month* old. by
St. Lawrence; reasonable. 2766 Twenty-second.
SACRIFICE! Great Dane pupa; prize pedigreed
stock. Box E. Walnut Creek. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS combination pool table far sale.
1530 Kentucky st.
ONE black and tan pup for sale; i old ones to
let on shares. 713 Mission St.
ALL sizes engines and boilers bought and sold.
KROGH MFG. CO., 9 Stevenson St.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit,' $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; lata
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
Cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograplj — Reduced price.
$75; concert records. $1 50. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beaie.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California St.
SAFES-New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 bacramento St.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
3IISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— 100 one or two-year-old heifers:
must.be dairy stock and free from disease;
state particulars. Address box 127, Call.
WANTED— A lady assistant to travel; well ed-
ucated business woman without lncumbrance.
Call this week. 9A 6th st., nr. Market, 2-9 p.m.
j A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
WILL pay cash for a diamond. Address box
118, Call oSlce.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2> Stockton st.
IF you wish full value foryour cast-off :<:lothln^
call on B. COHEN. KS7 Third; tel. Ulack 4123.
MONEY TO LOA.'..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real eytate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 34 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGIlLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service ; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 63, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages, and en
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO..2S Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. K> Sixth;
highest price for. o!d gold, sliver, diamonds.
• AT 12G Kearny. room S. -respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephony Davis 933.
ANY amount on furnltur* and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no ccm. Rm. St. fi Eddy.
TO salaried people without security; all busl- i
ne«s confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big. j
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 4». Merchants' Exchange. 4J1 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or ;j mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. C^. Examiner building, j
Tl MURPHY. 830 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorse. MORRELL. COO Examiner building, j
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com. i
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. |
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
1 GOOD upright: good for beginner: J65.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; $135.
1 Fischer uprUht: the genuine make; $163.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case: $225.
1 Vow upright: good as new; $275.
1 l'ease upright: used 6 months; $145.
1 Weber: walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments: gilt-edge guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ >V- SON, 16-18-20 O'FarreM st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, $6 cash. $6 per
month: other pianos, $3, $4 and $3 per month
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers"
corner Krarny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco!
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
THIS week you can get a fine solid leather
music roll In black or tan for 73c; regular
price. $1 23. S»nd your order to MAUVAIS'
Music House. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS at $50, $73. $10O, $130; good pianos "
will exchange later for better ones and allow
what Is paid. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianos are what
you should buy: they are b-st in so many
ways. MAUVAIS Music Co., 760 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaso Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 23 and 30 CFnirell Ft. : pianos, orirana and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest' every-
thing porsible done to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer.
RKMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 90S
Market st.. between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hale Bros.: reduction sale will continue for'
two weeks to make room for new stock: open !
evenings; agency for the celebrated Shoningcr !
A liehnlng pianos. New York.
CLOSING out; fifteen pianos and organs at '
your own prices this week only. SPENCER'S I
ISIS Market st.. above Van Ness ave.
A NICE upright piano, used a few years. $1CC
Room 12. Flood building.
FINE upright Steinway for $230. KEEFFE'S,
933 Market st.. next to.Hale's.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St. :
Hanlman. Conover and other pianos. *
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, GaMcr. Hamil-
ton pianos.- 20S Post st.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN-^Good piano cheap: installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
SLAUGHTER *ale^ of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. b. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett fc Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR. violins, zithers, old and new. II.
__MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerin*. $190: installments
$5 to $10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 138 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $3 payments;
for rent, ?2 up. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
• TO let; store. 1006 Hyde: good location for »hoe-
make'r. ¦ '
• TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 25x140;
• rent reasonable. £3 Hayes st.
1-AUHSTltV.
MME Neergard Pree. St. Germain College of
J Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 618 Geary, nr. Jonea.
PAIlTpSEIlS WAXTBD.
BY «n engineer. contractor. who has
I an cfflce and a working outfit wiU»
work on hand. but who wants to
start an office in the Islands which will
be more than one can handle to advantage;
j ; no one need reply who has not from J3(MW
! to $3000 and can furnish references and either
take charge of office or outside work: need
not be an engineer, but must be a practical
; man; full Investigation allowed. Box 113,
Call office.
! * PERSONALS.
PARALYSIS positively cured; also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases^ lung diseases, ossifica-
tion, cancer, consumption, stiff joints: no
! drugs; no kuife: consultation free. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. '.07. 5QS. 5ft) Parrott building.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BRO9.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
; prices defy competition: fine upholstery. .
Phon« 53uC>; factory. 318 and 320 Eleventh »t. :
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter
St.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
2oc to $1 50 per night; |1 50 to JS per week;:
free 'bus amd baggage to and from th» ferry.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price,
plain, neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind oC
halrdresslng only 2Sc. 123 Stockton St.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ».v».
SUITS to order on Installments: 113 upward:
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market tt..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness, ln-
somnia. blindness. Brlghfs disease, rupture. .
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought Ha
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom. tel. Falsom 11JI.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic keens your
hair beautiful and glossy; 35c bot. Try It.
MTSS SHELLXjN. chiropodist and card reader.
8.-.0 Market st.. second floor, room 37.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
LEDERER'S Foamo- Shampoo cleanses tha
scalp and keeps It clean; 5c pkg: better buy lu
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407. '
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to it3 natural color. II: at all druggists.^
CAST-OFF clothir.r.old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'S. 506 Kearny st.
G. D MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3391.
I'UOTOGRAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary St.. ground and tnp floors.
PITYSICIAXS AXD Sl'ItGEOSS.
Dh/cuAXSTDN. the great specialist, has re-
sumed practice at 120« Market, cor. Taylor:
offices 25 and 28: take elevator.
DR. C. C. OT>ONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
IIUAI. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A CHOICE northeast sunny corner; California
st. and Fourth ave.. 32:6x117:6; price only
JlSOO; all street wcrk done.
I can arrar.se for easy payments: this flna
corner is very cheap : cost $2000; cable cars
within a short distance.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
J4.*CO— 9 ROOMS and bath: Western Addition;
: dissolution co-rartnership: must be sold:
make an offer; 2 mantels, gas and electric;
I tinted citings, h.iri finished: proceiain tubs;
j up-to-date; Just completed. TUTTLE. «30 Mkt.
! NEW cottage. 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms;
stable; irt 50*i;0; fenced; must be sold.
Twenty-first and Douglass sts.
FOR sale — House of 4 rooms and finished base-
ment: large lot. Inquire at grocery «tore.
Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts.
|7jO— MUST be sold at once: owner going to
Nime: 25:6x114: 22d St.. near Dolores; street
sewered and graded and ready for building;
good location for flats and near car line and
In line cf good improvements: part cash. If
necessary- Apply owner. S. H. SMITH. 207
I Montgomery st.
A GRAND BUT— "~~
Sixth-st. corner: pays S per cent net; I2S.0W;
bank mortgage $20,000 at 6 per cent: refused
J40.0«TO one year ago: stores and 23 rooms;-
modern building: .ot 41x7S feet; rents S225. '
\A. M. SPECK & CO.. 867 Market st.
$5300— MODERN J-rocm house In choice location
on Waller st.. near Plsrce. 1 block from
Ilfilpht-st. cars: finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder
$195 EACH; level building lots. 30x120; 1 block
from electric cars; 25 minutes' ride te> City
i Hall, or will exchange. Address Box 123. Call.
MODERN houses and flats butlt at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work: CAMPBELL. 114? Mission st.
FOR sale— Ch^ap; 50-foot lot. 4 living rooms
i and rrocery store. Apply 2910 Pan Bruno road.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale-
PROBATE rale— 13.". acres Lake Co. ; 60 acre*
! richest valley land, balance hill land, pasturo
I and timber: good set buildings: family cr-
j chard: running water and springs; on county
roail. half tl mile from postefflce; best ca*h
off-T takes It: must be sold to close ..n esfat-?.
$17"rO— 2C0 acres Calaveras Co. . gor.* housa
and barn: 10O acres tillable land; 2 miles from
railroad st.itlcn.
$i;00— 20 highly Improve 1 near Stock-
ton: 6-rfx;m residence; orchard: 4 acria la
alfalfa: bnlnn<-<» vesetaMo land.
C. t.- MOORE. K5' Market at., room «.
| ROSS Valley house, ten rooms and outhouses,
large grounds with shade trees, near station;-
sale or rent: also acreage tracts, weeded, $2C0.
JST.O an acre. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San An-
eelmo.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— eich of th«
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE 1
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. « Oeary st.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market:
city and country property sold and exchanse.l.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$15,0CO— THREE nice cottages and one-half In--
terest In corner brick building; all rented; lo-
cated good town, near Sacramento; exchange
for city improved or unimproved property.
Sunset. 225 Montgomery st.. rooms 3 and 4.
CALIFORNIA fruit, vine ranch; part exchange
for Eastern lnc^m* property. Box 133. Call.
ROOMS KOIl UOt'SEKEKPLIG.
A~FLAT~^f~4"beautlful large rooms, wide hal~C
stationery tuba, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping: hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new house: fine, vie-w;
healthy location: in a small, private family ;
no children wanted: rent reasonable. 4231
Twentieth st.. near Castro.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 50 to $2 50
per wk. ; single and double. $1 to $2 30 per wek.
EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting;
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
FIRST. 303. Just above Folsoa; 3 rooms for X
families. In good order. $15. __^
FRONT room and kitchen furnished for house- \
keeping; also single room for gentleman. CO
Howard st. <¦
FULTON. 433. near Octarla— 3 housekeeping
rooms to let.. •
GOLDEN OATE avc. 409-Parlcr floor and
ether rooms; furnished or unfurnished: prt-
vate family.
HOWARD. 1063**— Housekeeping rooms. stn«cl<»
and en suite, comfortably furnished; running
water; prices reasonable.
HYDE. 410— Nicely furnished sunny suite com-
plete for housekeeping: also front basement
suite: $15.
MCALLISTER. 4C*-3 unfurnished rooms; bath-
yard; rent !10. *
MISSION. 945—2 nice, well-furnished house-
keeplnc rooms.
MISSION. 1221: one block from new postofflce-
nicely furnished sunny connecting rooms.
MISSION. 2133—2 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; bay-window; running water.
OAK. 12*-Two nicely furnished rooms fcr
housekeeping; use of laundry; $10.
OCTAVIA. 1403 cor. G»ary— 2 large bay-window
rooms; housekeeping; sas stove; $14. *"«"»
SIXTH 136-Frpnt and back parlors: suitabla
for office; also rooma for light housekeeping
£r 322 T Klf«i \£ Oom3 '""Ushed for housekeeping
T r£m"" KS ~ Front 'fcay-^ndow famished
Va^T SUnny *«•*••»«»« room.Tnrf
T hn£?£ furnished front room for
housekee B !ng; reasonable; also other worn*.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
frlven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sltrn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number srlven is subtracted from
the d»rth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the.loirer low waters.
and E line of Byfleld Tract. S 590.58 E of point.
i N to NE corner lot 1. W to begrlnniny, lots 1
: to 12. block H. Sunset Heights; $10.
Frederick Schimrnelpfennig Jr. j.o Charles
i Ballhaus. let on E line of Edinburgh street. ITS I
. S of Italy. S 50 by E 100. lot 2. block 42. Ejc- !
celslor Homestead Association; »10.
City and County of San Francisco to Savings
and Loan Society, lot en NW corner of Jack
son and Larkln streets, X 253:4'4, W 167 s
127:SH. W 5S. S 1Z7:SU. E ZiS: i—.
Patrick and Bridget McManus to Mary T
Swift, lot on W Une of Shot well street, 175. X
of Sixteenth. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Edwin H. McDanlel to Robert William Mc-
Daniel. lot on W line of Fair Oaks street 72
N of Twenty-feurth, X a by W 117:8; J10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Alois
Octtel. lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street. 152-3
E of Church, E 60 by 8 114; $1300.
James A. McMahon to E. M. MerHcks and
Thomas E. Curran (trustees' creditors first
party>. lot on W line of Church street 80 3
of Twenty-second, S 25 ty W M0; also lot on '
SW comer of Church and Twenty-second i
streets. S £5 by W 100, trust deed; J— . j
John H. Grady (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Soclety
lot oa SW corner of Twenty-second and Castro
streets, W 105 by S 131:6; |2700,
Adele S. and John M. Chretien to S. A.
Brooks, lot on N line. of Bush street. 45-10 W
of Meson. W 22:11 by N 100: *10.
Margaret Glblia to Union Trust Company (a
corporation), lot on N,Ilne of Turk street. 1376
W of Mason. W SS:9 by N 137:6; $10.
James Reilly to Susan Reillr. lot on SE cor
ner of Leevenworth and Glover streets. S 20
by E 68:«; also lot on.E line of Leavenworth
street. 100 S of Vallejo, S W by E «$:«; $5. - '
Mary Daly to McCarthy Company (corpora
tion), lot on S line o£ N street, 8C:6 W of Thir-
uo.
Antolne and Grade Borel (by attorney) to D.
L. Farnsworth. lot on S line of Sunset avenue
Estate of I»renro S. Boone, minor (by Annl«
It. Boone guardian) to Sarah A. Lawton, lot on
S line of L street, 32:6 W of Thirtieth avenu«,
«• 25 by S ICO; 110. .
Paul P. and Janet Chamberland to James
Cole, lots 300 and 302. Gift Map No. 1; 110.
William C and Sarah J. Hamerton to Charles
A. Schottmann, lot 19, Gift Map No. 3; flO.
Jair.ea L. Rogers to Mary A. Rogers and
Thtresa J. Loughran. lot on NW corner of
Chapultepec and Vlrigrinia streets. X 104:4 by
W 70 lots 3M, 3S, 314 and 326. same; M0; also
lot oh E line of Chapultepec street, 73 N of
Virginia N 2~> by E 70, lot 419. same; J10.
Matilda Burke to Alice Nelson, lot on S line
of Sadowa street. 106 E of Orlraba, E 49 by S
125. block C. Railroad Homestead Association;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY, JUIyT 21.
Sun rises s : os
Sun sets -....7:23
Moon rises Q:S9 a. m .
United States Coast • and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places!
Branch Hydrcpraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
July ». 190).
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildincr was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. •., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
PALACE HOTEL.
F TV Johnson.* Denveri'W E Powers, N' T
E C Mix. XT, jA ¦«* "Wella. Denver
M de Vries, Stockton J D Morpan, Bolinas
F W Ingersoll, TacomfC B Lamont. Philadel
Miss iRgersoIl, TacomlD D Gare & it, Rvrsd
F J Daww & w, (ThgojB L r St»inman & w.Sac
Miss Davei, Chicago »C R Duval. S Mat on
E P Daww, Chicago jw H Goucher, L Any
D B Henderson, Iowa |W Rose. Ln* Ans
Mrs Henderson. Iowa A S Walker,, N Y
Dan Henderson. Iowa !S M Walker, N Y
Miss B Henderson. Ia ; D W Staley. Seattle
S McPherson. Red OakiF A Goldsmith. N Y
W E Bartholomew.NJiL Sanford,* N T
T H Flint Or, S Juan jE F Carpenter, S Lke
H P Brown, NT (EF Fellows & w, S Js
S K Reed. XT I H H Osborne. Chg-o
R V Ellis, Hanford !j W Sharpe. Mexico
T C Woodworth, SactolA G Lovern, Eureka
Mrs C Buchanan. CaljDr E.usr)es. Stockton
J Alexander & w, CaljMrs E Loveland, Cal
D Burchard. S Jose [Q Johnston. Pleasanton
E L Cutting. Honolulu jMr s McCouuough, Cal
C Buny, S Rafael [Mrs M Smith, S Jose
B M Lelons, Sacto iMrs O Allen. S Jose
W W Orcutt. CoalingajW A McVean, USA
Miss E Bush, Selma ;Mrs J Housh, Stocktn
W J Berrj" & w. Selma ;R H Smith. Ohio
\V C Budpe & ye, ArU.W D Bartlett.- Butte
A Miller. L An* >U J Strawn. Illinois
Mrs M Thomas. L Ang;Mrs O F Taylor, Napa
L Hendrlcks & w. PtldjF E Aubrey. L Ang
A H Hunt. Indiana ID S Fish. Lemoore
C F Connell. S Ana j P Lyman & w. Sacto
Dr D Crowley, OakldjC S Thompson, Cal
Katheryn Powers. S J-Mrs R B Burns. L Ang
H M Reed. Reedley jj Day. Winchester
T L R"ed. Reedley iMlss Barstow, Napa
H S Johnson. Xcbr lC A Fpiers, & w. N M
J McGonasle&w, Ogdn!J F Cornish, Omaha
Miss McGonagle, OgdniMrs Preise & c, Cai
T Gilbert & s. Oakld'J R Fraser. China
W J Holden. Sonora |D Keaver. Sacto
Pr S Plnnl^er. Iteno Dr \V J Hanna. Sacto
D R Gill & w, Modesto \V Parker & w, L Ang
G B Robinson. Cal J Stevens. Sa-to
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
Arrived July 17-*-Br ship Fiery Cross, from
Newcastle, Aue.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW — Arrived July K> — Stmr Stare of
Nebraska, from New Tork.
gOUTHAMPTON-Sailed July 20— Stmr Kal- j
ser Frlederich. for New Tork.
LONDON— Sailed July 20— Stmr Minneapolis. J
°KIN' € 5ALE— Passed July 20— Etncr Campania. {
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver- I
SEW TORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Lucania. !
from Liverpool and Queenstown- > '
HAVRE — Arrived July 2»— Stmr Lp. GascogiM, i
from New York. i
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 2<>-Stn5r Kaiser !
Frled^rich. from Hamburg and Southampton, j
for New Tork. * i
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 20.
Stmr Scotia, walvig. 20 houra from Rock
port.
j Stmr Proffreso, Zolling. S2 houra from Ta-
I conn a.
i Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 33 hours from Port
I Los Anceles.
j Stmr Empire. Nelson, «H hours from -Coos
1 Bay. via Eureka.
! -r-^} mr H i 1 KnJ eer. Kro?. 105 hours from
Tillamook. bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Ohio. Boggs. 62 hours from Seattle
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badger, 32 hours from
Ventura.
) Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, TO hours from New
port, etc.
Etmr Orizaba, Parsons, Tiy, hours from Eu
reka.
t' S stmr Ranger. Field. 2 days from San
Dlerp.
1 Ger bark J C Pfluger. Hoever, 41 hours from
j Santa Barbara. In tow of tug Relief.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, 64 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr S Oanielsoa. Lindbridge. 7 days from
Siu«!aw River.
Schr Impossible. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
! CLEARED.
Friday. July 20.
Br ship Windsor Park. Lamble, Queenstown ;
Epplnger & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. July 20.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog. San Pedro.
Stmr Panta Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
: Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatrar, Carlson, .
Stmr Fulton. Duggan. Eureka.
Stmr Poin^ Arena. Haosen. .
Schr Dora Bluhm. Smith. Port Townsend.
Schr Berwick, Pederson, Sluslaw River.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
.TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. July 20. 10 p m— Weathr
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Par S Danielson— June 27. lat 40 2S X. Ion
156 51 W, schr Luzon, from Grays Harbor, for
! Honolulu.
! June 2s. lat 1? S, Ion 3S W— Br ship Crompton,
! from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
July 5, lat 10 N. Ion 35 W— Fr bark Bourbaki,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LIVERPOOL. July 19— Overlooker and sal
vafte Inspectors proceeded yesterday to .Monte
video to Inspect Br ship Mlstley Hail, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, previously re
ported havinsc put In tlvere dismasted. Pend
ing their reports matters remain stationary.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr W II Kru?er— Left Tillamook July
15 with waterlogged stmr Laguna in tow. I»5t
her July 17 In N\V gale about 10 miles SW »i ¦«•
from Crescent City at 2 p m. Stood by her till
I dark, but lost sight of her during the night.
j Searched for her till 12:30 p m July 13, but not
being able to- find her. proceeded on voyage.
Her crew had been taken aboard the Krugfr.
Master* of vessels arc warned to keep a look
out for the wreck.
Per S Danlel.eon— Last nlpht off the Farallonea
saw a ship, bark and bktn.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived July 20— Stmr Cleone. hnc
July W.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived July 20-Stmr
Navarro. hence July IS.
COQLTILLE RIVER— Arrived July 12— Schr
Five BrGtfcen!, hence July 3. and barbound
July 20.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 13-Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July 14.
j Sailed Jnly 19— Stmr City of Topeka. for
I EkJMfuay; stmr Santa. Ana. for Cape Kome;
ship Occidental, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 1»-Ship Florence,
from Honolulu, to load for Honolulu.
GRAYS HAHBOR— Sailed July IS— Schr Chas
Hanson, for Bristol Bas'.
ARRIVED July 19— Strnr Co<juille River, hnc
Julv 14.
j v'enTURA— Bailed July 20— Etmr Grace JM
! REDOKDO- Falied July' 20— Schr La Glronde.
i for Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived July 20— Stmr Brunswick,
from Coos Bay.
ASTORIA— sailed July 20— Schr Louis, tir
San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 20 — Chll ship
Star of Bentral, from .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 20— Stmr Tilla
mook. hence July 19.
Saiied July 19— Stmr National City, for San
Frincisco. REI6N po RT 3. -
NAXAIMO— Sailed July 15— Ncr stmr Titania,'
hence June 30. ' _
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived July 19— Br ship !
Cromdale. hence March 10. • ..
YOKOHAMA — Arrived July 13— Br ttm-
Doric, hence June SO.
Sailed July 17— Stmr City of Peking, for San
ACA1VLCO — Sailed July 17— Stmr AcapulC"-.
for Panama. July 19— Stmr City of Panama, fo r j
' SAN JOAQUiy RIVER AT HERNDON.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE
FRIDAT, July 20-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! . Bld.Ask.
Alpha l>7 CS: Justice OS 10
Alta. 06 Oi^Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 05;Ladv Wash.... — 03
Belcher 14 l«;MexIean 16 17
Best & Belcher 20 21 j Occidental 07 80
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 67 63
Caledonia f-6 90;Overman 12 13
Chollar 1« 17 Potosl 13 14
Challenge Con.. 13 15i3avage 13 14
Confidence 65 7D!5corpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 OOjSeg Belcher.... 02 f4
Con Imperial.. — 01 ! Sierra Nevada.. 26 28
Con New Tork. 02 03, Silver Hill 56 5S
Eureka Con — 50'St Louis 15 _
Crown Point.... 12 13 Standard — 4 25
Exchequer 01 (^Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 23 25: Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrss 22 23 Utah 03 10
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 11 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — (Hum S & L... — —
Dots 11714— IMut Sav Bk... 45 —
N P C R R 63.101 — IS F Sav U....E05 —
Do 5s 105 — ;Sav & L So.... 74 73
N Ca! of R fis.HU; — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak G L&H56.110*; — Union T Co — —
Oak Tran 6s.. — 116 Street Railroads —
Oak W Co Es.. — 104 California ....122 —
Oceanic S Co..l04*tlG6 |Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s..l27'i — iMarket-st Ry. — M
P & Cl Ry 6s.l0i'S — O S L & H.... — 474
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Presidio — 22},
Powell-st R 6s. 120 — Powder Stocks-
Sac El &GR5s. 96*i — California 155 162H
S F & SJV 5s.ll9hl20 Giant Con Co. S8*s S7>4
S Ry of Cal 6s.Hl — Vigorit 2»i 3 •
S P of A 6s...llC?illlH Sugar Stocks—
E P C 6s(lSi*).lin 110'a Hana S P Co. — 9
Do (1906) 112 — Haw C & S Co 87'i S7»i
Do (U12) ....11» 1*24 Konokaa S Co 31\ 32
SPRClst gnt5s — — Wutch S P Co. 2<H 25
S P B- 6s 132 — KilaueaS P Co — 20
S V Water 6S.113U — Makawell S Co *i%, 47
Do 4s 103 104 Onomea S Co. — —
Do 3d mtge.,102 — Paauhau S Co 31 —
J Stocktn Gas 6s its^s — Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. 117% —
Contra Costa.. 67% 6SH Cal Fruit Assn 96 99
Marin County. R0 — |Mer Ex Assn. 97 100
Spring Valley. H% 94?i; Oceanic S Co. 9»ti 93
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A — —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent L & P Co Vi, 5*4 Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
\ Board —
60 Equitable Gas 4 00
10 Honokaa 32 00
So Market Street Railway. 64 00
! $5000 Oakland Gas Bonds 1U 25
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 132 00
Street—
230 Oakland Gas 43 00
Afternoon Session.
Beard — \
100 Giant Powder Con S6 50
50 Honokaa S Co 32 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 105 0)
$5000 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. IIS 25
75 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
E0 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 49 374
196 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 43 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning- Session.
Board—
1") Home Oil ••• 4 6)
1000 Independence 15
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Home Oil 4 63
; l*v> American Fuel 83
100 American Fuel 32
100 American Fuel : 3«>
100 Rex 105
MINING STOCKS.- !
Following were the sales In the Pan Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
10Q0 Alpha Con OS! 500 Seg Belcher 04
V*} Con Cal & Va. 1 30 2"0 Silver Hill 65
200 Gould & Curry 25 j KM Silver Hill 64
]00 Ophir 6S 100 Silver Hill 63
SCO Potosl 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 16' 2"0 Sierra Nevada. 27
2'Xt Potosl 63; 20 Syndicate 09
500 Savage H 100 St Louis 17
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning: Session.
800 Challenge Con. 14! 100 Silver Hill..... 62
200Cho!lar 17 200 Silver Hill M
500 Con New York f>3' inn St Louis IT
2VO Gould & Curry 2a 200 Union Con 2"
300 Justice 11 o>/> Utah 10
2000 Justice 10 1000 Yellow Jacket. 13
300 Silver Hill 61
Afternoon Session. ¦ -
22«l Best & Belcher 20 2600 Savage 15
12^0 Hale & Norcra 22 300 Savage 14
200 Justice 05 XO Yellow Jacket. 12
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydroerapher of the
United States Geological Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
Claus Spreckels 'owner) with O. E. Brady &.
.Son (contractors), architects Reid Bros. — Brick
work for a five-story and basement office
building on S line of Market street, between
Third and Fourth, W of and adjoining Claus
Spreckels building; $3733.
Builders' Contracts.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Thomas J.
Lewis, lot on E line of Crane street, ISO N of
Palln&s. N 25 by E ICO, lot 42. block 4, Garden
Tract Homestead: $10.
Denis J. Sheehan to August « Klahn." lot on
S line of Thirtieth street. 155 E of Dame, E 25
by S 114, block 2S. Fairmount: also lot on S
line of Thirtieth street, 100 E of Dame. E 55
by S 114, block 2«, same; $10.
Peter E. Brennan to Rose Brennan (wife of
Daniel J.>. lot on S line of California, street. 95
W of Nineteenth avenue. W 23 by S 100: srlft.
Albert B. and Clara F. Southard to James T.
Donahue. undivided l-60th interest In lot oa E
corner of Unndilla and San Jose avenues. SE
«i, NE 449, KW 416, SW 451, block 29, West
End 3Iap 1; $10.
l>avid Zesllo to Joanna Rearli Ca-ife o' Jacob),
lots 14S7 and 14SS. Gift Map 3; $10.
P. or Ferdinand and Dora Lemme to Paclflc
Realty Company, lot on \V corner of Folsom
and Steuart streets. N\V 229:2 by SW 137:6: $10.
ty-fourth avenue, W I0O by S 100: also lot on
E line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 100 N of O street.
N 50 by E 120; also lot on X line of O street.
32:6 E of Thirtj--fifth avenue. E 25 by X 100: J10.
TO SAIL.
THE SA^-FKANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
13
'¦ fl Time Time Time Time
t Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
<* L W H W L W H W
21 ... 1:15 0.0 8:0S 3.9 12:27 j.O 657 «~t
H ... 2:17-0.4 9:15 4.1 1:30 3.0 7:52 6 1
23 ... 3:10—0.7 10:10 4.5 J:30 3.1 8:48 6*1
24 ... 3:5S— 0.8 10:57 4.7 S:?7 3.0 939 «'i
25 ... 4:40—0.8 11:38 4.9 4:19 2.8 10:26 6C
2S ... 5:19—0.6 12:18 5.1 5:0S J.9I 11-1» " S 7
27 ... 6:53—0.3 13:53 5.2 5:65 2.6 11:57 t.4
F.teamer.
Tom.
I Due.
Washtenaw ITacoma (July 21
Uraatllla Victoria July 21
Colon New. York *..... July n
Wellington Comox ...IJuly ?i
Arcata Coos Bay |jnj y <> 2
Cnrona ISan Diesro '.Tutv n
Warfleld Oyster Harbor j u j y 22
Tltania Nanalmo jm y &
North Fork Humfcoldt j U |y 23
Oracc Dollar... R^dondo.... .....•..- July 23
America Mara.. China and Japan July 2^
Columbia Portland July 24
Mackinaw Seattle.... .„... j u i y w
Bonlta I Newport...... j u i y 24
Eureka {Humbolat j u i y 24
t)el Xorte IPortland .'. July 24
Orizaba '. IHumboJdt July 23
Coti'Jllle River. .(Grays Harbor j u i y »5
Matteawar. ..... Taeoma July 23
Santa Rosa San Diego................. j u i y j 5
Citj- of Puebla.. Victoria July 2s
Crescent City... Crescent City July 2«
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 17
Curacao Mexico , July 27-
Alameda ... lAustralla July 27
Coos Bay ..'.... iXewpcrt.... v , July 28
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Empire iCoos Bay |julv 21. Spm|Plerl3
Orizaba . . . ! Huxnboldt (July 22. 2 pm|Pier ?
Coos Bay...|Newport July 22, 9 am/Pier 11
State of Cal Portland ,July X. 11 amiPier 2*
Pt. Arena... I Point Arena, .'i.ruly !3. 2 pmlPier 3
G. Dollar... (Grays HarborlJuly 23. S pm!
Ohio jCape Nome...] July 23 (Pier 34
Santa CruzJAlaska jJuly T4, 4pm;Pier 9
Corona iSan Diego iJuly -a. \\ am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 31. U m!Pier 12
Umatllla ..Vic & Pst Sd. July 25. 11 amiPier 9
Australia ..'Honolulu July 2T., 2 ptnlPler T
Czarina (Seattle July 25, 5 pm'PieT S
North Fork'Huniboldt July 2<>, OarniPier 2
Coptic |Chlna& Japan July K. 1 pmJPMSS
Bonita Xewport Uuly t*. 9 amiPier 11
Del Xorte.. Portland IJuly 2« |Pier 2>>
Columbia .JPortland IJuly 27. Ilam'Pier 24
Abydos — iHamburg j July 17. 10 ami Pier 7
Santa RosalSan Diego (July 2?. 11 amlPier 11
j Eecom
id Feet.
DATE.
I 1S99.
1900.
July g 1739
July 9 1642
July 10 1545
July 11 1430
July 13 13S0
July 13 1310
July 14 1240
_f
i 1S34
! 1733
I 1733
1<H2
! 154S
[ 1430
1310
I secor
nd Feet.
DATE.
1S93.
1300.
July S I 2030
July 9 1S30
July 10 1 1765
July 11 : ITS
July 12 1765
July 13 1765
July 14 1520
f
I 1765
¦ ! 1SJ5
! 1SS5
; 1640
I 1530
I 1530
! 1530
I Second Feet
DATE.
| ,
I 1S99. I 1900
July 8
July 9
July 10
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 14
— '
...I
ll
760 610
€90 EM
69.) 4S5
690 4S5
I 620 ! 4?3
ew ! 4ii
1 KO I 370
(Second Ft. I
DATE.
] -JMn'xCO.
1539 j 19C0 Canal.
.1 Turlock JTofl
Canal. ( MO*
July 8
July 9
July 10
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 14.
t > |
. 1464 1 10*0 12
. 1324 1 750 12
. 1204 750 12
. 10S4 750 12
. 974 750 12
.1 974 570 | 12
.! 874 410 j 12
-! !
1072
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 762
762
762
5S2
i 422
'¦ fl Time Time Time Time
t Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
<* L W H W L W H W
21 ... 1:15 0.0 8:0S 3.9 12:27 j.O 657 «~t
H ... 2:17-0.4 9:15 4.1 1:30 3.0 7:52 6 1
23 ... 3:10—0.7 10:10 4.5 J:30 3.1 8:48 6*1
24 ... 3:5S— 0.8 10:57 4.7 S:?7 3.0 939 «'i
25 ... 4:40—0.8 11:38 4.9 4:19 2.8 10:26 6C
2S ... 5:19—0.6 12:18 5.1 5:0S J.9I 11-1» " S 7
27 ... 6:53—0.3 13:53 5.2 5:65 2.6 11:57 t.4
j Eecom
id Feet.
DATE.
I 1S99.
1900.
July g 1739
July 9 1642
July 10 1545
July 11 1430
July 13 13S0
July 13 1310
July 14 1240
_f
i 1S34
! 1733
I 1733
1<H2
! 154S
[ 1430
1310
I secor
nd Feet.
DATE.
1S93.
1300.
July S I 2030
July 9 1S30
July 10 1 1765
July 11 : ITS
July 12 1765
July 13 1765
July 14 1520
f
I 1765
¦ ! 1SJ5
! 1SS5
; 1640
I 1530
I 1530
! 1530
I Second Feet
DATE.
| ,
I 1S99. I 1900
July 8
July 9
July 10
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 14
— '
...I
ll
760 610
€90 EM
69.) 4S5
690 4S5
I 620 ! 4?3
ew ! 4ii
1 KO I 370
(Second Ft. I
DATE.
] -JMn'xCO.
1539 j 19C0 Canal.
.1 Turlock JTofl
Canal. ( MO*
July 8
July 9
July 10
July 11
July 12
July 13
July 14.
t > |
. 1464 1 10*0 12
. 1324 1 750 12
. 1204 750 12
. 10S4 750 12
. 974 750 12
.1 974 570 | 12
.! 874 410 j 12
-! !
1072
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 762
762
762
5S2
i 422
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Empire iCoos Bay |julv 21. Spm|Plerl3
Orizaba . . . ! Huxnboldt (July 22. 2 pm|Pier ?
Coos Bay...|Newport July 22, 9 am/Pier 11
State of Cal Portland ,July X. 11 amiPier 2*
Pt. Arena... I Point Arena, .'i.ruly !3. 2 pmlPier 3
G. Dollar... (Grays HarborlJuly 23. S pm!
Ohio jCape Nome...] July 23 (Pier 34
Santa CruzJAlaska jJuly T4, 4pm;Pier 9
Corona iSan Diego iJuly -a. \\ am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay July 31. U m!Pier 12
Umatllla ..Vic & Pst Sd. July 25. 11 amiPier 9
Australia ..'Honolulu July 2T., 2 ptnlPler T
Czarina (Seattle July 25, 5 pm'PieT S
North Fork'Huniboldt July 2<>, OarniPier 2
Coptic |Chlna& Japan July K. 1 pmJPMSS
Bonita Xewport Uuly t*. 9 amiPier 11
Del Xorte.. Portland IJuly 2« |Pier 2>>
Columbia .JPortland IJuly 27. Ilam'Pier 24
Abydos — iHamburg j July 17. 10 ami Pier 7
Santa RosalSan Diego (July 2?. 11 amlPier 11
F.teamer.
Tom.
I Due.
Washtenaw ITacoma (July 21
Uraatllla Victoria July 21
Colon New. York *..... July n
Wellington Comox ...IJuly ?i
Arcata Coos Bay |jnj y <> 2
Cnrona ISan Diesro '.Tutv n
Warfleld Oyster Harbor j u j y 22
Tltania Nanalmo jm y &
North Fork Humfcoldt j U |y 23
Oracc Dollar... R^dondo.... .....•..- July 23
America Mara.. China and Japan July 2^
Columbia Portland July 24
Mackinaw Seattle.... .„... j u i y w
Bonlta I Newport...... j u i y 24
Eureka {Humbolat j u i y 24
t)el Xorte IPortland .'. July 24
Orizaba '. IHumboJdt July 23
Coti'Jllle River. .(Grays Harbor j u i y »5
Matteawar. ..... Taeoma July 23
Santa Rosa San Diego................. j u i y j 5
Citj- of Puebla.. Victoria July 2s
Crescent City... Crescent City July 2«
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 17
Curacao Mexico , July 27-
Alameda ... lAustralla July 27
Coos Bay ..'.... iXewpcrt.... v , July 28
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
AND BOSTON.
FROM -
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
Th« Srcst. . fastest and best equUV>«d train
out cf Chicaeo. with NO -EXTRA CHARGE
for superior accommodations.
ROSS C CLLNE. P. C. P. Afft.
Los Asseles. Cal.
aDr.JGIbbon ? s Dispensary,
CiSoKEABXYKT. Estaoniawl
ill*** *<l r U>« tr*atmeat ol Private
Dtoeaaca. Loot Manhood. Debility or
9 f^S" TBMln ? ou bodTand mted and
btln Diteasea. Tb« doctoreareswb<><i
others fail. Try hfax Charge, low
CBrniBUtRtcei. Callorwrit^,
&r. 4, f . oXtUiO ji, B«x U>57,Saa Fraacuca
Leave San Francisco via Saosalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS 3:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDATS 8. ». V>. 11 a. ra.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return SI 6X
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner Klrst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. Ta..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. callliiK at
Kobe (Klogo). Natrasaki and ShanrhaL and
connecting at Hor.grkonp with steamers for In-'
dla, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of aalllns-
SS. AMERICA MARU.:.. Friday. August 3, 1300
83. HONGKONG MARU
..Wednesday, August 23. 1S00
SS. NIPPON MARU......... ,
....Saturday, September 22, 13C0
¦ - - - Via Honolulu. • v
Round-trip tickets . at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner Flrat. ¦•-_'-- .'-
- W. H, - AVERY, GaacraJ A*eaU
* OCEAU TRAVEL.
i CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN EY. Ca
SAN FRAKCISCO AN9 NORTH PACIFIC
RAIL Vf AY COMPANY.
Titaron Ferry. Foot ot 3tsrlcet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN R.VFAE1*
I \7EEK DATS-7:». 9:00. 11:00 a. zn.; U:33>
S:SO. 5:10. *:S0 p. a. TharscSays— Extra trip
at 11:30 D. to. Saturdays— Extra trlv» at 1:>*
and 11:30 d. m.
! 6UNDATS— 8:00. J:». 11:00 a. ex; l:S9, 1:3*.
»:C0. «:M o. in,
J SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DATS— 4:10. 7:50. 3:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«S,
1:40. S:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trips at
• 1:85 and C:33 o. m.
BTNDATS— 1:10. »:40. U:l» a. m.: 1:40. 1:44.
J:C5. «:!S r. D.
Between £11 Frmoeisco and Scfcuttzea Put
! «arre acaedal* »» above.
I Leara j la KTect. I ArriT*
J Can rrajclsca |Apr. IS. 13C0.1 Saa Fraaclaca
! TVesk J Bun- J I Sun- I Waek
1 Diyi. I days. I D«stlr.3.tlon.| days. | rj«y«.
! 1:30 am 8.00 »ni Noratx 15:40 am" 8:40 im
|:S0 pa 1:30 azs Petoluaa, (:03 pailO:^ ara
1:13 pm S:C0cm Santa Rcaa. T:33 pa, tM pa
Fulton. I
I:» am Windsor. 10:3 am
Healdsbur*.
GeyserviH©.
»:» pm 8^10 to ClQTerdale. 7:3S r« 8:13 pea
T:S3 ami j Hopland I 119:23 ara
i l:t) pm| »:30 ia| and Uklah. | 7:iS pm| t:Z> pa
' 1.Z3 am 13:23 ta
1:00 am Gncrnsvtlle. 7 JS pm
; 8:S>pm «:23pia
' U;am S:C0am Sonoma 9:13 am! t:40am
?ind
. 8:13 pTg 8KW pa Glen "Ellen. «:05 ptaj «:» pm
[ 7:J0 ami 8:C0 am] |l<5:«0 ara;iO:53 am
| 1:30 psa; 5:00 po| Sebastcpol. ) 7:25 pmj 1:20 pm
St*x*3 connect at Eanta Res* f*>r Ma.rk West
' Fprlnss and 'WTUt* Sulpbur Sprlncs: *t F*ulto?i
Oeyserrtlle for Steses Sprinss: at Cloverda!»
: for the Geysers: at Hoslaad for Dunraa
: Pprisirs. HijiJtand Sprtajr«. Kelwyvin*. Carls-
bad Springs. 5oda Bay, Lakersrt and Bartl«tt
1 Pprlnss: at t7k!ali for Vichy Sprtcc*. Saratoga
fprlns*. Blae L *:es, Laurel D«H Lak«. Witter
: Er*i"-ts, Upper Lake, Pcnw. Potter Valley,
I Jona Day*». RIvenMe. LlffJeYi. Backnell'm,
| Banhei' In Keirhts. Halliriae. Crr** Hat
¦ S*rt=i». Mraiiwlao City. Fort Brary. Wsit-
j port. U»a!. "Wllllt*. Layton-rUle. Coi=njJr.a.
Bell's Spriazs. Harrts, Olseo's. Dy«r. 8cct:»
•ttr.d Eareka.
SatorSay ta Stonday round trto tickets at
; reduced rates. .
[ On Bonday roond trip ticket* to all potnts
! beyond San Rafael at hair ratas.
» Tlck-t offce*. CO Market sr . Chror.!-;!e h'ds.
! E. C. WHITING. R. X. RTA.V.
Geaeral Maaaser. C«. Pa«s. Agent.
7:C0 a- m. week days— c^azadero and way »t % .
tions. •
2:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way •:».
tions.
B:15 p. m. weekdays <?atcrda.ya exeepied) —
Point Reyes and way ctstiens.
1:00 a. o. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ,
l!:4S p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ar.d war
«t*t!cn».
RAILROAD TRAVEL
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
# , .--. # • ¦ Via Sausallto Ferry.
. Comniencicr April 12. MO*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIJX V-XLLEJ
AND aA.N RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DATS— 7:C0. *SJ0. 9^0. U:0« «_ oi-s
11:45, 1:15. 1:15, 4:14, •i:15. «:U. «:4« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS—For Mill V«llsy acd Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 ar.d 11:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— 1:00. '3:00. «J:00. -ittiOO. 11:00. 11:34)
•_ m.; 12:43. •1:S». 2^0. •3:45. S.-00. «;00. 7:2a
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does net ma to Saa Rafael 3aa«
«ar*.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qnentla.
FROil BAN RAFAEL TO SAJ* FRAXCI3Ca
WEEK DATS— 5:35. •5:33. 7:30. «:40. »10:13 «.
n.; 12:J0. 1:15. 1:13. »S:». 4:30. 5:J0 n. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »l:45 and 10:M p. m.
BCNDAYS— «:15. «S:00. -3:5a. '11:00a. m. : 'no*
in-: 1:CO, 2:^. •3:30, 4:30. '5:43. «:45. 7:30. l»x»
p. rn.
Traits ir.axked (•) etart from San Quentla»
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. €:45. t.M. 8:55. 18:» ».
bj.: 11:35 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. B:»0 p. m_
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. Wednesdays
and < Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
SCNDATS-«:35. 8:(!5. 10:f>5. 11:10 a. ta.: U:li
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:S5. «:15. 7:CS. 14:33 p. m.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tries.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a- m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. nt?ht>; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. ar.d 8:33: Sundays, 10:30 a. in.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dec*.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1S0S.
FARE 50c.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Zealand and Australia. Wed., Au*. S. S p. m.
J. D. SPKECKeiSa BROS.CO..Mgts^ .14 aontccmerj
Pier 7. Foot PaciSs St. Fre»jh»Cr3ce.32-} Market SL
Wednesday. July 25. 2 -p. m,
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
0CEAMC S.S. CO.-HON*OLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SVDhEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA < Honolulu only)
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 27 B'<iw"y.X.T.
PARIS HOTEL ATO11MODATION
Reservel if secured before departure.
HEKZOG & CO., Gen. Arts, for Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. ccrner Sansomf. S. F.
For Pailinc etc
Arply to
fPAIU?) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER PHRVinS
TO PLYMOUTH, CHERHOrRG AND HAM-
BURG. AI^O NEW TORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
PLTMOtTH (LONDON*. CHERBOURG
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
SOKFABHIS GEXSRALS TBAKSATLA5TIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thar? lay. instead of
Saturday, from November 1 1399. at'w^'SS
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAOXE. July :$; LA
TOI'RAINE. Aupust 2; L'AQUITAINE. August
9; LA BRETAGNE, Aupust 16. First class to
Havre, $$2 a0 and upward;. Second class to
Havre li." and upward: 5 per cent reduction en
round " tri:». GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New Tork. J. F.
Fl'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Asents, S Mcnt-
g-orr.ery avenue, San Francisco.
Special Chinese edition of "T
+ the Sunday Call Art Mag a-
•?¦ zine Section will appear next 4-
"*" Sunday and ¦will give the best "*"
+. information and photographs
> on the subject yet printed. • +
¦?- • -f-
From New Tork every 'Vr»dnesday, 12 noon.
South.wark July 25': Kensington ..August 8
¦\Ve5ternlan<i August 1 ; Aragonia August 15
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
3) Montgomery street.
HtD STAf? UtiC
New Yer'< crj3 Antwerp
HZT7 T0SZ. &CU72AXFT0X L05B0X PABli
Stoppine at Cherbourg", westbound.
From New York every 'Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Et. Louis July 23 St. Paul August 13
New Tcrk Auyust 8 St. Louis August 22
AMERICAN LINE.
«OO>IS roit llOCSEICEtPIXO.
THIB!>. BM-^Om sunny rocra for hcusekeep;ng;
I THIRTEENTH". 82*. bet7~iTissIon and
—S r.ice sunny rooms 5or housekeer-irig.
THIBTEEKTH. 2»-t fjnr"y hous^keerins
rm«. ; water: stove; rent SS; separate entrance.
Van SCKBS av., 4-y; — 3 -v.-ell-furnlFhed rooms;
large j-ur.ny kitchen, yd., tubs; prtr. entrance.
CTEB&TEK. ifilJ. nr. Eu-.t-r-I lumish-rd ra-ms;
_ r-.vate family; use of kitchen If desired.
tI-AFS;n:;:> r<*verti-ca:cnts ar.d subscriptions
recfivt-'i at ''a'.! tranch effice. 22 f> D Fiilrnore 5t.
A mtASCCB cf.ire fcr Ciil a<Ivertis-nients and
Fubscrii<ii?ns has been e«tal»!l«hed at l<*tt Vi-
I^rx-in. a?.
BOOM!. TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn.
A-BEl'N'SV.ICK TLOl'FK. 1<S sixth^Ho^m?
2>c: to |t per night. ?1 S to $5 per ¦week, ar.d
light bnaafktfplng; open all r.ipht.
Bt'TiNETT. UZZ Ilarket st. (cl<3 No. 15fi4>— Fur-
r-.i.-he-l r:ns.. ».-j;ie*. j-ingle: a's.) unfurnish^a.
F<">LSOM, :--. ror. fth (The OUvrr^-Xe-nly fur-
Ctfhed sunvy rocnrig. sir.fle or rjites ; reasonbl.
3EAKV. 4-0i< The Navarre)— Ki'ssxtly furnished
roon'.s; suites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GUARV. *i6 — rTlegant tttBBf parlor 5uite:riano,
telephone; other roora»; light houseseepinjf.
3P.ASD SOl'THERX. south-att comer Seveatis
tisd Mission fts.— Punny rr>onj». en suite nr
fingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elepant suiu*: tiv.^lf. tran
i-iTit: bathy. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 'S-Rocn« from *1 week up to SZ:
tic to tl n<sht; el?o housekeeping rocni*.
HOWABD. yvj. cor. C'.h— Ni^ly furnished Fanr.y
rocmr; rea.•^KlaMe; by day. T»"eek or menth.
MINNA. 3i;--— -A sunny furnished front room;
suitable for 2. *
KIKTH. 165— Sonny front room to let; to per
month : private family.
OAK. IIS — Larpe fcicr.y fror.t rm.. cloe^t. range.
furnishM f. r hcusekeeping. %'¦>; Err.a'.lT rrr...J6.
DTABiiELL, »— Sur.r.y furr.ifhed rooms ar.d
<~-ffice5; tievator: electric lights: day. «k.. mo.
OFAIini;i.I.. Ti:— Nicely furniFhed sunny bay-
wtatv* suites. EX8 to $-i; eas. bath and phene.
PC»«VEI-L. 121-Ugfct clean rtp.s. : Fuites or sin-
, K'.e; trant- .on» ; running raies red-jc-?d.
k«>SEDALE House, SIS and ST1 Eilis Ft— Roorr.F.
r.iRht. ri: to ti: week. » SI to l«: open nlgi.t.
EOYAL BOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
lipht, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor: rooaw. per r.i?ht. 35c t9 SI W: week. $2
to t*: month. J> to t~": elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot ar.a cold water; baths.
EA''RAJIJ:NTO. fO— Neat furnished rootr.s;
HlHU fan. ;;y: II and upward.
pE\"E2fTH. SI— J nice furnished front rooms,
jriia;^ :"r.r .." . Si. 15. $7; suita.ble for ladie*.
6Hi:RMAN Arartment Booac. 2S Hlrhth »t..
scar Jiarket— Furnished or unfumisaed.
Sl'TTEJi. UK T*TTT fanny rear room; cloeet.
runnir^ vater. eas: $S mc-nth: Email front
room. ?6 month: modern: convenient.
THE OAKS. US Third— A pood rooming house
for srood pfo^!e. R. KITGHES. proprietor.
Cl-ASFTFIFE* a'lvertistmentf and subscriptions
receiied ai Cs'.! branch office. SOB FU'.m- re st.
eV liHANCH o'Sce fcr Cail advertisements and
BdhserlptioSE has been e«tsh;i«hed at I'-.'b Va-
lencia st.
IIOOMS«. AXD BO«HD.
HA^RTrfTT^Tbetwe^r. .^ixth. Eevetttb, Howard
e.rsd PUcont— 3 y'rarate furr.ish^l room* rrith
t«^ard in private Genr.an family; good Ger-
man cooklcx.
C'^TEL. 5cther!ar.d, TJ1 Pu-.Ter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rr»orr.s with r^arti; f.rft -class with
every convenience.
A. BPBCIAt, offer ta teachers; •xcer-ticnally at-
tractive ir.terior and table. ?*07 Califcrr.la et.
LAP PALM AS. Id Market «t.-?u'te cf : or 3
rr-.». : rrivstp; }>ath: fizi. nr.s : beard optional.
HOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A rrnall unfurnished room: about U
r-*r ni^r.th; rrar.; dowst.-.wn. Brx 1S4. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girl*' Directory Orphan Arylum tives !
rc-tice that the following orphan, hsif-orphan. j
at*n<lcned children and foundlings have ]
t*tn received Ja the orphanage from Decem- I
b*r 31. !«?. to Juse 25. 1*00: Mary Ellis- j
worth. 7 y»*r* 1 mcrth: Annetta. 11 vears 1 |
cicnthe. ar.d Mary Ccales. 6 years; Elsie. 13
years 4 norths, Ethel. 19 years 4 months, and I
LiU;» Colerr.ar.. 11 years I raor.ths;El!a. Tyears j
f n-,cr.ths and Muriel Dur.n, 4 years 6 months: t
Bertha. T years and Mabel Slversten. S years ;
C months: Ida Perram. S years S months; Ida I
Korea. 5 vears 7 m^nth? : Marraret Sprachllng. [
7 J months; Ruth Hurbert. 3 years 4
r-.rr.ths; Maria Cline, S years: Mary. T rears.
Anrie. 4 year*, acd Margaret Hanigan. ! years:
<3u«>er.ie Der.ny. 7 years 6 months; Mary St.
Der.riy, 2 y»ars 4 months: Annie. C yesrs 10 j
jrcrths. Francis. 5 years 4 months, and Ea-
ir.a Kiel. 4 years; Irer.e, 2 years, Evaline. S
years. Kate. 4 years, asd Margaret Hurley. 8
yt^rf. Theress. 3 yean- and May Ekel'.ey. 8
S^arr ; Vary Ryan. € years 1 month: Angela |
Ardorsoc. 2 years: Sarah Ulnch, 9 years S
rrctiihs; Irer.e Hughes. 3 years 4 xncnthi:
Laura Lane. 7 years S rncsths; Ersma Epreck-
Je». U >ears 4 Tnccths: Alice Manheim. »
:«r? € months: F*rancis Lyone. 12 yeajs 2
months: rKrence Hughes. J years 2 months;
Harry Cclerran, 7 year* 1> month*; Joha
Keelcr. J years • rsrr.ths; Harry Maddox. »
I far* & rronthi: Jchn Johnson. 7 years; Ches- i
tar Koirio. « year-; Ge<irpe Sivertsen. 4 j
year? « BMBXfcs; Geotre Tribon. 2 year* 2
montla: Francis Pratius. I years 11 months;
Frar.k Hust. 3 years I months; Charles Halit. !
t rears € months: William McCoyoueh. 3
>ear* 9 months; Walter O'KarrelL 1 year S
months: Lov:;s iT^nre. 9 years; Harold. 4
year*, er.d Edward CUne. 2 years 5 months: S
WiU'.am Harri^aa. Z years « months: Th:mas 1
Kurran. Z years 3 mcrths; WiiSle. 2 yearn I J
rr.cr.ths. ar.d Edward Lar.e. S years: Oecrffa j
<>crrza!»*. 7 years J months: John Ulrich. « i
years 1 rrcT.th; Joseph Barana. 4 yea-a: Wil- j
litr.i Sutt. * mcethft; Thorr.8« McUauehlia. 2 !
years 7 ir.cr.th»; Paul Vaudocr, 4 years II
rrorthg. •
J»OT1CE. — Th+ Secretary of the San Francisco
Pr.^t^ter.t <~>rjricn Society herewith pivet no-
tiee tfcmt the following orrhan and half-or-
rhsn Cirls and boys have been received at the
• Fylum. or. Hiipht r'... from January 1. 1900.
to Ju'y 1. 13C&-. Alice C. Nelson. 15 yrs. f
tsc* : Macfie Green. 15 yrs.; Margaret fi.
A'.exaruSer, 7 yn>. J> mos.; Amelia Itaimussen,
" yrs.: Rrise P.asrcussen. 1 yr. S mos.: Mabel
Gordon. S >-r». 11 :.-.«.: Helen 'W. Bosrh. g
yr*. 3 mos. : Florence J. Bo*ch. 3 yrs. 5 mos. :
V-vtan Anderpcn. 7 yn>.; Kdr»a Anderson. I
jt». 10 rr.es.; Rosie Smith. 3 yrs.: Lilian
fherk. 11 yrs.; Clara Phenk. 9 yrs.; Estella
Fh»nk. R yrs.: AncJe £her.k. 1 jt. 10 mos.:
/rrc» Kellr. " yr». « ir-.or. : Florenoe Kelly. S
vr*. Georje A. Held. 10 yr*. : I>unean Mc-
Lean. 7 yn.: Clarer.re D. Alexander. J yrs. 9
iro.e.-. Rrbert Alexander. 2 >ts. € mos. ; Carl
G>ct». R yrs. 6 mos. : Joseph O»ary. 5 yrs. 10
moe.: C«rl M<w. 7 yrs.: William McK. Gor-
men. 4 yrs. ; Ge<?rre E. Bosch. 10 yrs. ? moe. :
Frank Bc*ch. 6 rn. 6 raos. ; Charles Bosch. 2
yrr. ? mot. : E£*ard Ande.rson. 9 yrs. 9 rr.ot.:
Perry Smith. 8 rrs. 1 mo.: Walter Erclth. t
*~rr - Joseph Fmish. S yrs. II mes:: Laurence i
tavls. € >-r». S rnoe.; Chester Davis. 4 yrs. {
rnos.; PfcilSp Kelly, f- yre. 5 ns?f., and John
Pr:rr.us. 11 yrs. 7 ir.o«.
PaTi fnnr.ts e)»cted for S4: rejections made:
<-ity cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mpntccmery st. i-octtis S-10; tel. &SSO.
JEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
AXXi kir.fis bought. **;14 snd repairing gnaran- | ;
t*"3 Chas. Piambeck. 1?15 afission, nr. 15th. !
ALL. kir.Js bought, soli, exchanged, rented; j
-Teirinr at lowest rates. 2P3 Fourth rt.
FKOrOSALS.
rNfvElSlTT~OF"cALlFORiciA. Berkeiey: '
Notice to contractors, builders and material ,
ii-.en — Notice Is hereby given to all eoneerned ;
tr.at sealed pro;«sals or bids are Edicued for ;
the rrectli n of a residence for the president j
of «he universUy and fcr perlorrrAr.s the labjr ;
end f iirnitMnK tl.e materials neceseary there- J I
J-ji .«t-,c! •¦ .-. i fcSds or proposals will be ret-eived •'
M th» .jffice cf the Kfr»nu of tLe L*nivei-»ity I
cj Ka'.'.'.r*r:i:* in the Mark Hopkins Institute i
cf Art. ccrr.rr cf llts;ri ar.d California tit.. I ]
Knsctaoe. Cal.. *t cr before 12 o'clock m. !
ot ihe 2ith day oJ July. X&00: «jul notice is '•
herel'y farther jriven that the jiian? and ¦
epedflffiTtoni et baildir-j have be*n made [
tr.d afl^ptcd ar.ci are placed in the office of •
Albert Pi*!-;!-, aivhkrct. Zt~ Sanrome Et.. £»n j
rm; clso. where the same may be seen and '
ex»iait;ed <Sur!ri4e each cay irjtn b o'clock a. '
:i., j.-.tn 4 o'clctk p- u.. frcsi this <lay until
UK 3U» d»y of July, I'/ft. No bids or pro- \ i
pc*als vri!! be considered unless the satae are •
»cccn:pAJiic4 t>- a c*-rtiSed iheck or a. bona j
of t^iJ lauwuau in the «un> of tea (II) per i •
cer.t cr his proposal, with fuffiricnt sureties : *
•-cr.dit'.cred that, it raid hid cr proposal shall
b. accppteJ Um liarty prcposius will duly en-
• • *er into a. proper oocitraet ta '•it'ifaliy per-
lom the duty and obligations an accordance ' i
v :i'i «ii prcpo?al. and j-.ltn •n-l gpecifica- i
ttooc. which ftail b» p.nd are hereby repaired •
to let part of ru-.h ctintraft- The right to : -
jrjeet any and a!j bids is Hereby reserved. :
. Till? DflCtee !a ssven rursuant to an act en- •
..titled "An act to air.end an act entitled ai ¦
aci to tr-ate and organize the (Jnlrtnity o'f
CaHIXtfTlI*." jimcovhJ March ZZ. «CJ s-d «- i
»?t aruendatnr:.' of potion ii thrr»of »n :
'l«v«j a.rch-J. U72. relatinr to con!
ttniflcn of tiaildlngE. npproved Marrh 3 1«3"
¦W. A. McKOWEK^Acting Secretarr.
6KALEI> rrfpn»mJs -srill U. received st tne"*B^ '
resj C. M-<Ucine r.n". Furgeri. Navv Vv-f^I f
r.iMit, urti! 1 p. rn.. Monday. July cf, yy* f0T K
r. New Bdler Hcuw and e<juii;rn«<r.t at' tlie i
|k r. S. Nival Hosirftal. Mare IMand Oal •
r:»rf rj#rifv~ailon* ar-d blank forms of prol » C
! i-Bal can be lad upon aj^UcaUon to the MM. a
!•-*! Officer In charfir of the Naval Ho-P^tTi ' t
Man- I*Und. Cal. V K. VAN REYPTN I I
l«m general. U. 5. Navy, Jul y 2. ' \
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
j WILSON BHO5., st^ra?.? aud moving: covered
var.s Ter.th and Market: phone South 762.
t PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson t%l.
j BEKINP Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
te'. Main lMfr— Packing, moving and storage.
I
SCMMEU RESORTS.
I nOARP rn farm: 1 hour from city; tree driv-
I Ire-; plenty of fruit; fare SJc. Bex 5t R?d-
rVPETVRlTERS AXD SIPPUES.
GREAT BABGAHCS IN TTPEWRITERS-W>
sell better rr.achines for 1»es money than any
horat in the city: rentals, ?3. The Typewriter
- Ex'.hanse. IZS California, te'.ephone Main ?66.
! A TVrEWRITnn, brand new. for *50. RE-
VALK. 409 Ollfornia st.
' ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
; f^T' WILL buy a new flr?t-class house of i
•-com* and bath; between the railroads: terms.
Owner and builder. J. H. YOUNG. 124J
! I'r.rV: ft.
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
; OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
, ¦ / — •
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
tZX<0; ON INSTALLMENTS. COST J3000.
New home of € rooms, bath, conservatory.
ba^ment and sll modern Improvements; lot 50
' xl40 feet (note the slz-?>. with open lawn, gravel
i driveway, ttcr.e walks; good substantial barn;
: fruit trees, etc.; rer.ts for !!T» per month;
owner is away; nicest locality, near Grove et. :
«11 street work done: a refruiar home place: all
: in good condition: chances like this axe scarce;
; look into this at once if you want tr> buy; no
mortgage en tr.is property; easy monthly pay-
; rr-.*>r.ts or a libers! discount for & quick cash
sale. Call or write.
GEORGE W. AVPTIN & CO..
100$ Broadway. Oakland.
I 1150 CASH: J13 monthly till paid for; lH-story
[ rr.od?i"n cottage of 6 rotms. porcelain bath and
! toilet Onlcbiccs. sanitary plumbing: lar«re
j psntry and plenty cf clo?et«; large and deep
i lot. all fenced; chicken-run and out-
i hcu&e« ; city water and fewer: situated on
PeraHa ave.. Fruitvale. adjoining Ea^t Oak-
; land; 1 block from 2 electric car lines and 10
I mir.u-.fs' walk to P. P. steam local cars: close
' to two f.ne public school*,: grand view; no
| 0fc£* nor cold »Mnds h?re; price, all told, J1S50.
j Cell or send for circular. 4S5 Seventh St.. Oak-
I land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
! V 6*7*-ROOM upper flat.
j JIT— Ccttape ar.d 4 acres: all in fruit.
i CO— FlBC Sat: Brush st.. near Twentieth.
; B0 — Kleirant fumiFheil cottage: 9 rooms.
1 $'.S — «?ottaKe. en Myrtle st. ; fine condition.
; t?> — Completely furnished ccttape. 4 rooms.
CS— Fir.e modern house of S rooms; central
! and handy to local station.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
J IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
; ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAJLjS.
| AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 2J7 Market St., on and after
WEt'NEfDAT, Augoist 1. 1900. Transfer
I books will close on Thursday. July 26. D0Q,
i at X o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES. :
The foljowing marriage licenses were issued i
! yesterday:
' Oran C. Jenkins. 2?, 15I3H Market street, and
Inis M. Write. 2%. 15:34 Market street.
Carl J. Jurs. 43. 303 Grfen street, and Augusta
"WeUnitz. 3L 3;5 Green street.
I Shukachl Sumli. 21. iV> Bush street, and Fusa
Tama^uchi. 2^'. 845 Bush street.
BIfiTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ar.d death notices sent r>y
maii will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at cither cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Bcns authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
KOSS— In this city, July IS. 1900. to the wife
of Charles A. Ross, a son.
HARBXED.
COPELAND— ANDERSON— In this city. July
19. 1*jO, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Wi'.liam
Copeland and Mary Anderson.
FOERT5CH— BOSCHEN— In this city. July IS. !
U0Q. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Conrad
Foertsch and Adeline Boschen.
MAASS- WAGENKNECHT— In this city. July '
15. 1&00. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Bernhard
Maass and Julia Wagenknecht.
DIED. ~~~~
Barry. Nellie McCaw. Minnie J.'
B«han. James O'Hara. John
Cbapln. Frank Owens. John F.
Cox. George Rau,bir.ger. Bernard
Cunningham. Norah Rowe. Annie
Friedel. Frederick T. Schwerln. Henry
llesje. Susanna. Singer. Leonard
Hipglns, Jamee Thompson, Jennie A.
Horner. Wijliam Thain. Alice E.
Jeffery. Thomas Tledemann, Charles
Knus. Marie M. Tuggey. Man- E.
BARRY— In this city, July IS, \V>\ Nellie, be-
loved daughter cf James and the late Ellen [
B&rry. and beloved eieter of Mollle. Nettie
ar.d Lillie Barn-. Mrs. W. J. Riley and the
late Tlllie Barry, a native of San FY&nclspo,
affed 38 years.
C7"The funeral will take place thir day
(Saturday), at fc:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. US Chattanooga street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mats will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul. commencing at S» o'clock. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEHAN— In this city, July 19, 1500, James, be-
loved husband cf the late. Bridget Behan.
and father of .John K-. Msltv a. and Thomas
J. Behan. a native of Vermont, aged 63 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
«£aturday>. at S:3Q o'clock, from his late resl-
dence. 2SO? Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
et :* o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery .
CHAPIN— In this city. July 2^. l»on. Frank Eu-
gene f'harln. a native of Pan Francisco, a«ed
V> years 6 months and 12 days.
C^The funwal will take place to-morrow
fPunday). at 10 o'clock, from 431 Ellis street.
COX— At Mare Island. Ju7y 19, 1*00. George
Cox. brother of Joseph G.. Walter. Louise and
Mattie Cox and Mrs. W. S. Mercer, a native
o? Pan Francisco, aped 22 years and 1 month.
t7Th» services will be held this day
fFaturday). at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
private.
CUNNINGHAM— In the City and County Hos-
pital, July 20. 1300, Norah Cunningham, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 4$ years.
FRLEDEL — In this city. July 20. 1800. Frederick
T., dearly beloved husband of Wllhelmine
Friedel, and father of Emily and the late
Charles F. Friedel, a native of Qermany, ared
ts >-»srs 11 months and 15 days.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at ! o'clock, from his late resl-
denc, i'M Dolores street, near Twenty-second.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HE?PB-In this city. July *>. 1900. Susanna
H*Fpe. mother of Elsa. Mabel and Amy
tiespe, a native of San Francisco, ased 26
yrars.9 months and 3 days. :
HIGGINS— In this city. July 20. 1500. James
Hisrpin»s. a native of Ireland, seed 55 year*. '
CTTleinainx at the i>arlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street."
HORNF.R-In this city. Julv 19. im. William
Horner. beloved son of John Horner. and
brother of John W.. Fred O. and George !
Henry Ifcrner. Mrs.. G. A. Love and Mrs.
H- V. Andrews, a native nf New York, aged
41 years 10 months ar.d 13 days.
CTTur.eral this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock. I ,
from the parlors of Charles J: B. Metzler. [ '
C3-3 W.-.shSnston street. Interment Laurel Hill ! '
CtXBrtOT. -.,!.•--.
JEFFERY-In this city. July 20. 1900, Thoma* '
Jeffcry, beloved husband of Elizabeth A.
JefTery. and father of Mrs. Mary McLane and j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.. ;
tfuecesscrs to FUntiagan & Gallagher).
DA.V1EL PADOSOVAX, Msr.
FTNEBAL DIRECTORS AND ESIBALMER3,
Zu Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ,
Telephone South *0.
IIMIIM I-— -...IIW »!¦¦!! ¦IIIIIWII I.. '
CREMATION. !
Ddd Fellois' Cemetery Association, '
, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. \
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF AXr
DRGAKIZATIOX havlnc a presiding officer I
m<l secretary th« charje for cremation, a cop- I
>er receptacle lor th* ashes and organ ssrvicea t
i fiO.- The same for members cf the family.
GEORGE R. FI^ETCHER. Superinteadcat. t
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE, 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 133 POST ST.
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIF.ECT TO
S. S. OHIO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEP.S TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street 'Wharf at 11 a. n.
CADE S'2 first Cless Including B»rt:i
l«nL S3 Second Clas* ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 22. Aus. 1
COLOMBIA sails July 27. Aug. «
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. 'WARD, General Agent,
S30 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
S01THKK.N rAciric 10nri.1T.
tr*ctric ststkk.>
»4N r It .4 »<-|««'«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market SSreet)
ii»t« — From Jclt 13. 190O. — akrxtb
*?:•** Benisia. £uisiia. Ehnira, ViciiCie,
Ramsey *m» rnwaraento *7:i3r
•7:OOi Shuta Expr-ss— Dirij, WiUlanu(for
fUrtlstt Springs). Willows. B«d
Blufi. PorikuU. *7s«3p
•7:30a Ku:ln«x..-Uu lUiuoo.Vallajo. Napa,
1 ¦»!:•: gj A'.i'i ~im:'« Ko«a *t:13r
'8:00a Daris, Woodland, Knizbts Landing.
Mutnilll. «)totI:1». *7:«3p
•* : 0O. AUuiie Kxpress— OjJei. uj K±»: •11:43*
••::;»» Sau Jose. I.itenat.r -. MtockSon.
Ioue. .'••crsine-.ito. Flae>rrUle,
M«atTUls, Chico. It? I ItlulT HllSf
•A:30a Oaic.Utr. Chinesa (for Yosemite).
. tioucrx. Cartels.. *4:l.1p
•l»:oo. H ij n «r U Nilrt »r.-l Wtf Statjoos. *l 1 : 1.1*
*V:«Ua Li a Asfe!es Expres< — Mwti:iez.
Tney. Ltrhroy. sweiwa. Mrrerd
snd Frrano ••»43p
•»:3»» Vailr}... Uudo«i*:itlWi|HUt!oni 'Sil.ip
•!•:•»» Tt» OTerUud I.lnii-ed— Ogdea. D«a-
isr, Ornsha. mta<> *3:I3r
*ll:UOi Nilrs. LJTerinore. dtocktoa. " ! »cri-
c-*::tn. Mandou. Unatotd, Vis.'J*.
1-oxtexTi^'e MjISp
•I»:«Om liaywarUs. N;Ui i«4 \T«y SUtions. *2i4»p
• I :•»»!¦ Sacramento Uim3tmmrn tS :<>»¦>
«.-.:Ot>p 11>;>ui!i, Nllrs ssd Way SUUona. •iillr
•l:«or Mwt:ii«w. H*ii Uainon. V \Ut'.o,
Nxpi. »:»! ; »t.. < », .Hants lima f Uil».
•*:wor CeulcU. Winten. Ha«ram«olo.
\V, ...!.-a.,J. KnlKbts Ijtutllni.
Mary«fl!le. Oro»IIle *l*:43*
•!:3<>r Nile*. SanJoiaand Stockton »7:l3r
'Z-.notTh* Owl Unjited-Tr»<7. Fresno.
BAkeroflsIil. iSaugus fur £>*ata B*x-
hara, 1^.« An«»le» 'trlli
•3:00p rreai.u I'\ts<>: j r— Mir:!:;, i. Lath-
rop. Stockton. Uerce<i. B«rend»
( Kaymnr.d for YoseaiiJe). » r»»iio. .*l3:ISf
•SiJSF Sew Otle%ar Expresa— llakecsCivlil.
Santa P.*rh»r*. Iam A nf H«s. T>-ui-
let. Kl Fuo, :.e» Urleaus ir.d
K*s» »^i«a»
•«:Oltrlh,*»fiK NilmsiidH*a Jos* *7: Li*
4«:OOr V«1!<.U» •• i:M r
•O:U»r Orier.ta! Stsil-OgJeo, Ctfyouf.
Oniahs, Cblcafo •11M.1*
••:»Op Orientil Malt— OrJen, Denrer.
Omaii*. Chlc*C3.~. M:13 r
•t:OOp V»'.;rJ... Port »'««r% aod Way t'.a-
ti«i* t9:33 P
•»:t3rOifi(inaai Calir»rni» i:«i r-w -«--
rauiealo. Martstilia. |:«<I.I!i>k.
r»itui..>. rngjt s, f >»,! r»> •*-.**%
CO1VI DIIIMOJ l>arr»it i.mugt).
• ¦ F<K>t . f ll.rkrt SUerLt
:7:43a Sa-aU Craz Exrcrsioi. for SanU
i 1 :.: aod I'riM-ir i: w»; 8Utiona IS:*3p
*S:I3* SfT«..l .I/T-I,,, -I;..!- )• Fr 1 ¦!!,
li ..¦••-r< "r ¦•«.Si:.!ii.'iii( i>< 1 Way
SuOoi.* *«:S»p
fSi!3r ICe»ar*. C»-.t-rti;>. Ban Josa, New
¦Aiir.s !nu. f- ton. 1' .-,:!. r Creek,
Saiita lii/ aud Priuci^al Way
H 't::-.n *l*:.1i>«
•<:1.1p yewar*. s»n .lose, Lcs Gatos f*'-* 1 **
al:13pQlecweod. Felton. Sasta Cnz e^:.1«»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fVtaSl* rSiSCliCO— F.-»t si X>rk«l SmsCtOf «)—
•7:15 9 00 U:00».¥. 11:23 *2Z1 IJ::3
M:C: J5::3 *8::3f.«.
f..*3 OiIM-13 •-.»«»! .'Bri.i».r— ri ?0 ¦ 00 10 00««
ti::a «i:3 t;:a ?»:: ttsa -acsru.
COAST IMTISIO1 ,!trna<H.:i:i^'.
(lhlnl.vidTowngeiMl Sn)
'«:•»» Ocean View, eiouth »u Francif^i.. )«:3»i-
t7:Of»»Sai- Jote ami Way Sl»ti >t,% (New
AlmaUtn We.liiemi»TS only) a l:«i>f>
!?:30* Sncday Ezrarricn fnr Sin Jose
banta Cruz, Pkdfie Ctots and
Prtedpal Way Statioos J»:3"ip
•D:OO« s, . .1. ,-. Tre* I'ii.. • Haiit\ i r n,
Pacific Wrote. l'»»o Ui>blfs, 8sn
1 ..!» in. .>!¦.. Hrnf. Lompoc aiiit
1'ir.cii-s! War Stations *4:ll»r
•¦•<«•» Sac Jom anj Way Stations •«::«%»
•Ili3o* San.loo-.I.oanatosaiulWayiutloti* *3>3op
t3:<3pSan M»i-o. Kedwuod. Mrnlo Puk.
Palo Alto. S&ctaCikrm, H%« Jose.
Tre* Plooa. SanU Cm, Salinas.
Munttra; >m< Paciflo Gro»« flOt.ia*
f»:3«p Saa Jose an.) Way Station* *7:3»r
M:13r3anJr»8Biirf Prineip*! Way Stations »9:*3»
13:00? Sin Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way 3Utions t»:O«» »
•3:::n r 3auJo»«an:l Principal Way Stations ?"•:S3»
•*::i»r San Jote and WayHratioos tS:AO*
fll:15r San Jose anJ Way Stations *7:3<*p
AforMoruin{. P for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Sunday sirerited I Satiday only
6 Saturday only,
a Saturday and Snnday. e Sun Jay jn 1 Mnntity_
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r. Steamers leave Broaiway
wharf, tan Francisco:
ffo-- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. zn.,
ISs&Sfes. Julv 20. - : '- v '- August ?
tfc^Kn^?^. Charge to corr.pjr.ys steamers
fr*^3ft$^f4l For Victoria. Var.?;urer <n.
BBC^gflJ C). Port Townsend, Seat:!".
r^BaSi Tacoma. Everett. Anac.irtea
and New Wha'.ccm <Wash.>—
11 a. m.. July ?0. 25, 30. August
4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
ard G. N. R'y: «t Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Ear— 2 p. rn.. July 22.
27. Aup-j?t 1. and every fifth flay thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ticos. Port Hanfcrd fSan Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedrr> (Los Angeles) 'and Newport—
S a. m.. July 22. 25. 30. August 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Los Angel"*)— 11 a.
m. July 20, 24, 2S, August 1, and even" fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex'.co)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
Fcr further Information obtain compaEjri
fo'ders.
The company reserves the right to cr.ang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— « New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
For passage, freight ard cold storage for
Cape Nome and Seattle apply to the purser,
at Steuart street wharf, or at HOBART
BUILDING. Market St.. room 4.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON,
The 24th o? July, for CAPE NOME, via Seattle.
STEAMSHIP
(2700 tons burden— IO Al.> Warner, master.
WILL POSITIVELY SAIL
! THE FAST AND COMMODIOUS IRON
i
f*or
BAILBOAD TEAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
We ¦wish to extend thanks to our many
friends and members of the Evangelical Lu-
theran St. Pauls Frauen Verein. of which de-
ceased. Marie R. Nagel. was a member, for
their kindness and sympathy shown us in our
late bereavement, and also for the many
beautiful floral offerings.
J. NAGEL. Husband.
MRS. WILLIAM THOMAS.
JOSEPHINE NAGEL.
Daughters.
CARD OF THANKS
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at First M.
E. Church. Powell street, near Washington,
San Francisco. Interment Masonic Cemetery-
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
tSaiurday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gcntner & Guntz l"ndert^:tnp Company,
1203 Mission street, between .Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 20. 1500. Jennie A. Thompson, a native of
Denmark, aeed 42 years.
TIEDEMAXX- In Kast Oakland. July 20, 1300.
Charles Tiedemann. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 years.
THAIN— In this city," July 1?. 1M0. Alice E..
beloved wife of Alexander Thain. and sister
of R. F. Boyd and David L. Reynolds, a na-
tive of San Francisco. Cal.. aged 41 years and
S days.
CTFur.eral to-morrow (Sunday). Time in
Sunday morning's papers.
TUGGET- In Oakland, July 20. 19<v\ B t the resi-
dence of George H. Roemer. 1425 Thirteenth
avenue, Mary E. Tuggey. w if e O f William
Tupgey. mother of Mrs. Georpe H. Roemer.
and sister of Rev. Charles E. Rich. Miss Win-
nie C. Rich 'deaconess). J. ST Rich of Rich-
mond. Ind., and Mrs. Raymond Holway of
Charlestown, Mass., aged 64 years.
C7The funeral will take place this riHy
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Visitacion Valley. Interment private.
SINGER— In South San Francisco. July IS.
19W, Leonard Singer, beloved husband of
Dorothea Singer, a native of Germany, aged
76 years C months and 5 days.
It3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:43 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 154S Kentucky street, Potrero,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem high trass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 8:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
SCHWERIN— At rest, in this city. July 18. 1900.
Henry Schwerin. dearly beloved father of
Henry, Theodor. Adclph and Edward Schwer-
ln, Mrs. D. Dennison. Mrs. Max Echnuten-
haus. Mrs. J. Mohr and Mrs. F. W. Meyer, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 75 years
and S months.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from hip late resi-
dence. 1531 Hayes street, thence to Red Men's
building, z%> Post street, where services will
be h»M at 1:30 o'clock under the auspices of
Arapahoe Tribe No. 76. Impd. O. R. M.
Members of Templar Lodge of Rebekah* No.
19. I. O. O. F.. an<1 also of Pioneer Lodge Xo.
1- F. of F.. please take notice. Interment
Meant Olivet Cemetery
K NTS— In South San Francisco, July 19. 1500.
Marie Matilda Knus, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Charles and Anna Knus, and dearly
b*lovf>a sister of Alvina, Charlie, John. Otto
and the late Henry Allan Knus, a native of
Fir.!?n<i. aged 22 years 5 months and 22 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<i?unrfa;.-). at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1537 Twelfth avenue sout'.i, be-
tv*en M and L streets south. South San
Francisco. Int«rment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
McCAW-In this c!ty. July 20. 1S00. Minnie J-.
beloved dausrhter of Essie A. and the late
Anthony MeCaw. and sister cf George A..
Thomas P.. William N.. Anthony, Dora S.
and James McCavr, a native of Kilwarlin.
County Down. Ireland, aged 33 years 3 monuis
and 10 day*.
C7"Frien<> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.1 to attend the fur.erai to-morrow
'Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Richmond
Cor.prrepational Church, corner Seventh ave-
nue and Clement street. Interment Cypress
Lawrn Cemetery, by carriates.
O'HAKA— In this city, July W. 1500. John, be-
loved husband of Maria O'Hara, a native of
Ireland, aeed 58 years.
OWENS— In Manila. P. I., John F.. dearly be-
loved son of John and Hannah Owens, and
brother of Asn<?s J. Owens, a native of San
Francisco, ased 24 years and 7 months.
C^T Interment National Cemetery. Presidio,
this day (Saturday), ai 2 o'clock.
RAUBINGER— In this city. July 19. 1900. Ber-
nard Raublnger, beloved husband of Mary
Raubinger, and father of Frank and Carl
Raubir.ger and Mrs. P. L. White, a native of
Baden. Germany, aged 65 years 6 months and
io dirs.
C7" Friends and\ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SI! 14 Lombard street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ROWE— In this city. July 2<>. 1S00. Annie Rowe
<ne« PendenO. beloved wife of GeorKe I>.
Rowe, daughter cf Annie and the late John
Penders. and sister of Jennie Penders. Mrs.
William Priece and the late Mrs. William
Straub. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 27
years.
William T. C. Jeffery. a native of England,
ag«i JS years 2 months and 4 days.
Santa Fe
Trains
C3-O To
Antiocb.--.9AM 4:!0PU 8PM
EaksrsfieW. .9 AH 8PM
Chicago — SAM
Ofip.Tsr 9 AM
Fresno SA^ 8 PM
Hant3ril....9AM 8 PM
Jallei 9 A is
Kansas City- -9 Uti
LeaiBnwna.9AK
M3FG83 9AM 8PM
Newton.... 9 AM
Piioenix — 9AM
Stockton — 9AM 4:10 PM 8pm
Tuhre 9 AM 8 PM
Yisalla 9AM 8PM
Wlllliras — 9_AII
A New Route.
623 Market Street and Ferrj Dq»t.
94108James McMunelly stole a mat of rice
yesterday afternoon from a warehouse on
the corner of Lombard and Battery
streets, but was captured by Patrolman
C Buckley before he had gone a block.
McMunelly was booked at the California
street police station for -petty larceny..
Heat Proves Fatal.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. July 20.— George H.
Prince, a ! well-known lumberman, died
last night from heat prostration.
Past Grands L O. O. F. Organize.
The past grands of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows held a banquet at a
downtown restaurant last night." During
the festivities the idea of banding together
was suggested and acted upon, resulting
In the organization of an order to be
known as the Past Grands' Association
I. O. O. F.
George W. Monteith, . W. T. , Webb and
J. E. Jarrett were named a committee on
organization, and N. M. Petersen W. A.
6. Nicholson and Hamilton H. Dobbina a
committee on circular. Tne following were
elected temporary officers: President F
L. Turpin; first vice ' president. V.' F*
Northrup; second vice president, T p"
Jarvls; secretary, John Edwards; treas
urer, Louis Kragen.
Brothers of Tobias J. Kelly Will
Make Final Efforts to Ke
cover Bodies.
• This morning the search for the bodies
of Tobias J. Kelly and. Miss Bessie.War
ren, supposed to have been drowned last
Sunday In Raccoon Straits, will be re
sumed. Joseph' and Thomas Kelly,
brothers of the missing man. are deter
mined to get the bodies, boat or some
trace of the missing couple, and yesterday
sent for Captain Whitelaw, who will
start in with his divers and grappling
irons to-day. . .. .
WRECKER WHITELAW TO
DRAG RACCOON STRAITS
The highest run of the tournament wa3
made by McGettlgan: the highest aver
age in any one game by Stover.
Final— McGettlgan beat Stover.. 80 to 64.
Third round— McGettlgan beat Fitch. SO to 54:
Carey beat Henley. 75 to 34; Stover beat Har
rison. 35 to 67; Carpenter beat Kirk, 95 to !s2.
Semi-finals— McGettican beat Carey, 30 to 40;
Stover beat Carpenter, 95 to 43.
First round— J A Sheldon (100) beat A J
Waterhouse <75) by 100 to 66; I>r. McGett'lean
(80) b<*at \V. W. Potter (93) by 80 to 53- L. E
Fitch (S3) bpat K..L. Duke (95) by 93 to 90- Paul
Cowles (93) beat E. C. Leffinjfwell (60) by 95 to
41; S. Homer Henley (70) beat J. C. Ond«rdonk
<S0) by 70 to 62: Edmond Gorichaux (95) beat
Kobert Burns Jr. (60) by 95 to 44- James p
Booth (70) beat Dr. Hupfeld (70) by 70 to 63*
James A. Carey (75) beat W, "ft". Kaufman (100)
by 75 to 96; James S. Tyler (70) beat W F
Burke (7."> by 70 to S6; L. E. Stover OS) "beat
F -rf d vf!- M £ rtIe U £ 5) by 95 to n - J - J - Han-ison
V B) ¦**,«-* *i ai3 ? r ,EWJ? 5) by 75 10 **- Conde
Jones (%) beat Alfred O. Larkln (70) by 93 to
63: L. G. Carpenter (»5) beat Joel K. Hecht (60)
by 95 to 39; Charles Ulriih (100) beat P. S Mon
tasrue (7rt> by 10O to 52; J. V. Van Eaton (S5)
beat T. F. Bonnet (9..) by S3 ti 40; H H Kirk
l'J5) beat John Fouga (70) by S5 to 65
Second rouml-McGettlgan beat Sheldon. SO
to 63: Fitch beat Cowles, ?i to 75; Henley beat
Godchaux. .0 to SC; Carey **at Uooth. 75 to 43-
Stover beat Tyler. 90 to 62; Harrison beat
Jones. 75 to 91; Carpenter beat Ulrich. 93 to i&;
Kirk beat Van Eaton. 33 to SO.
The final game in the Press Club handi
cap billiard tournament was played yes
terday, Dr. C. D. McGettlgan, the "dark
horse" of the tournament, scoring an easy
victory. It is the intention of the club
managers to offer trophies for quarterly
tournaments hereafter. The summary
follows: ~
Dr. McGrettigan's Easy Victory in the
Handicap Tournament.
PRESS CjuJJB BILIilABDS.
David' and ;Klla Adams vs. the City of
Modesto, Judgment reversed; Lottie Cam
eron et al. vs. theArcata and Mad River
Railroad Company, judgment affirmed;
Farmers' Exchange Bank of San Bernar
dino vs. Altura Gold Mill and Mining
Company -et al., .judgment affirmed; .San
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down decisions in . the * following' cases: .
Late Supreme Court Decisions.
An Illegal Contingent Fee.
Some time ago Mrs. Ada M. Freltas de
cided to apply for a divorce from her hus
band, Manuel T. Frietas. * She entered
into a contract with Attorney J. II.- Long
by which he was to receive one-third of
all tho -community property awarded to
her. The case was carried to the Supreme
Court and as Mr. Long had no license to
practice before that tribunal he had to
secure the services of Delmas & Short
ridgre to attend to the matter. The Supe
rior-Court pronounced the contract be
tween the attorney and the divorcee il
legal, but as Long had performed valuable
services In the lower court for his client
he was allowed $1100 as a fee. After the
settlement of the case Long assigned' the
contingent, fee contract to Samuel New
man, who sued Mrs. Freitas. In the lower
court he lost his suit and this decision
was affirmed yesterday by the Supremo
Court.
In the Divorce Court.
Llllie Holden has been granted a divorce
from Andrew <~». Holden on the ground of
neglect. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Annie L. Phelps against William C.
Phelps. for desertion: Annie Mulligan
against Patrick Mulligan, for desertion,
and May Jane West against Philander N.
West, for failure to provide.
She Entered a House on Chesley
Street, Where She Was Dis
covered.
Kate de Costa, aged 30 years, who is not
unknown to the police, was arrested last
evening after breaking into a house at
17 Chester street and stealing several
packages of tea and coffee and some un
derclothing. At the City Prison she was
charged with burglary.
The house which was entered by the
De Costa woman is occupied by Mrs. Nel
lie York. She was attending to her house
hold duties in the rear of the house, when
she heard some person opening the bureau
drawers In the bedroom. Going to the
room she saw the De Costa woman en
gaged in rifling the drawers.
Calling to her, Mrs. York asked her
what sne was doing. For a reply the
woman consigned her to a place where
there is no snow, and picking up the stuff
that she had selected, quietly walked from
the house after warning the astonished
housewife not to make ah outcry. As she
walked down the street Mrs. York follow
ed her until she met Police Officer O'Cal
laghan, to whom she told the story and
he took the woman* into custody.
KATE DE COSTA, BURGLAR,
ARRESTED RED-HANDED
Allen Ainslee Jumps OS a Freight
Car In Front of a Passenger
Locomotive.
Allen Afnplee. a flagman In the employ
cf the Southern Pacific Company, was
Etruck by a passenger train at Sixth an<J
Townsend streets last evening and fatally
Injured.
Ain?lee was riding: on a freight car and
In Jumping oft* was struck by the passen
gor train. He was a^ once removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found that he had sustained a fracture
of the skull, h!s right ear was torn off and
he was also internally injured.
After his Injuries were dressed Ainslee
was removed to the Railroad Hospital. .
A number of his fellow workmen stren
uously objected to Ainslee being removed
to the Receiving Hospital. After he was
placed in the ambulance they gathered
around the vehicle and demanded that he
be taken to th* railroad institution, but
their demands were Ignored.
FLAGMAN STRUCK BY A
TRAIN AND FATALLY HURT
There has been no love lost for some
years between Judge Conlan and Frank
JCane, secretary of the Pacific Coast Soci
ety for the Suppression of Vice. Yester
day morning the Judge took occasion to
express in open court his opinion of Kane
In language that could not be misunder
stood. ¦ >'',•*:
It all arose out of the case of Masuji
Miyakawa. the Japanese charged with ex
torting money from Japanese saloon-keep
ers and proprietors of disreputable houses.
He had been ordered into custody by
Judge Fritz till he furnished bonds for
f2000. Judge Fritz having left on his vaca
tion Miyakawa with his bondsmen ap
peared before Judge • Conlan yesterday.
Ex-Judge Graham, representing.Miyaka
wa, asked that the bonds should be re
duced to 5500.
Chief Sullivan was In court and the
Judge, addressing him, said:
"\ou have the wrong man In custody on
this charge. The right man Is that unmiti
gated blackmailing' scoundrel, Frank
Kane, who should be in the State's prison
along with his predecessor. I am satis
fied this Japanese was merely a tool of
that rascal to collect backsheesh from
Japanese saloon men and keepers of dives.
If .this man Miyakawa. would, tell the
truth you would flnd that I am right."
"Will you issue a warrant for Kane's ar
rest?" ask<>d Graham.
"Yes, I will, if you will write It out."
replied the Judge. "It ia time his star
was taken from him as ho uses It simply
to blackmail people." ¦' •¦.
"1 am anxious for the truth." said Chief
Sullivan, "cjtul if Kane has been using this
Japanese as a tool I Fhall soon take his
star from him."
Miyakawa was ordered into custody by
the Judge, but later was released on 52OW
bonds accepted bv the bond clerk. On
learning this the Judge instructed ex-
Judge Graham to bring Miyakawa into
court this morning along with his bonds
men as h* desired to question them as to
their qualifications.
"I would advise you meantime," said the
Judge, "to make an effort to elicit the
truth from your client, and If you are
successful the warrant for Kane's arrest
can be issued."
During tho hearing before Judge Fritz
a letter compromising Kane was read, but
Kane denied its authenticity
Accused of Being an Un
mitigated Blackmailing
Scoundrel.
FRANK KANE IS
EXCORIATED By
JUDGE CONLAN
Representatives of the. Market-street
Railway Company admitted to the mem
bers of the Board of Public Works yes
terday at a conference that they had
acted without authority in stringing elec
tric wires and running cars on Bush
street, between Kearny and Sansome.
They expressed ability to show that they
had rights on Battery and First streets,
but made a i.lay for time, and the hear
ing was postponed in order that they
might prepare their case. In the mean
time Acting Mayor Tobin, not to be
caugWt napping, has repeated his orders
to the police not to permit employes of
the company to erect any poles on First
or Battery street**.
Attorney J. E. Foulds appeared on be
half of the railroad company. He was
supported by H. H. Lynch, superintendent
of construction of the Market-street Com
pany. Coionel Mendall. president of the
Board of Works, and Commissioners
Manson and Magulre were present, and
were advised by Attorney John B. Gart
land of the Street Department. ¦
Attorney Foulds stated blandly that
while it was admitted tb,at the company
had proceeded without authority Jn
stretching wires on Bush 'Street, the ne
cessity of such action seemed necessary
at the time, and would be fully justified
later. The company would, at an early
date, he said, petition the Board of Su
pervisors for the necessary permission
to operate cars on Bush street, and did
not expect to meet with any opposition.
Attorney Gartland made the point that
the Market-street Railway Company, un
der the charter provisions had lost all of
Its rights on Sansome and First streets
b/ failing to run cars on the tracks there
during a i eriod of over six months. For
many months the one bobtailed horsecar
on First strt-et was discontinued, but dur
ing the past two weeks it made the trip
daily over the line. Mr. Gartland deemed
that the company had forfeited all rights.
The railroad people asked for time in
which to supply data to show that they
had a iepal right to erect wires and ope
rate cars on Sansome and First streets.
The time was granted.
Mean while the Board of Works will
keep an eye on the shifty construction
methods? of the Market-street Company
to see that no. further street grabbing
goes forward.
Valentine Trainor Is Charged With
Stealing Jewelry From Mrs.
Maggie McCarthy.
Valentine Trainor, an actor lately with
the Daly stock company, appeared in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday to an-
swer to a charge of petty larceny pre
ferred by Mrs. Maggie McCarthy, 33 Fifth
street. She accused him of stealing a
pair of diamond earrings and a diamond
ring valued at $40. When the case ¦was
called Mrs. McCarthy refused to testify
ag&inst Trainor. '
She confessed that Trainor had sent her
a letter from the City Prison that h«
would live again with her if she would
get him out. She acknowledged she was
a married woman and her husband would
not return to the city for at least two
months.
Trainor told the Judge he wanted his
character cleared of any imputation
of wrongdoing. The woman had given
him the jewelry to pawn, and because he
had gone to live with Gertrude Wood, an
actress, she had him arrested.
The Judge said he was amused at the
defendant's understanding of a- man of
good character.
"You live with a married woman," said
the Judge, "and you leave her to live
with another woman. I think you are a
man of very bad character."
He continued the case till to-day.
AN ACTOR'S IDEA OF
A GOOD CHARACTER
• ++f ??????+ ++++++ ?+?++ -H- ©
Specinl Chinese edition of
-?- the Sunday Call Art Maga- +
zine Section will appear next +
X Sunday and will give the best X
information and photographs +
+ on the subject yet printed. -f
? ' ;^V- ?
Bubonic Doctors Decide to Enlighten
the Man Who Demanded Their
Resignations.
The Board of Health In regular session
last night refused to listen to the reading
of Supervisor McCarthy's reply to thefr
demand for an explanation of. his attack
upon them in the Board of Supervisors.
Somebody suggested that as It had already
been printed in the papers e\"ery one was
familiar with it. and so It came about that
the communication was merely read by
title.
Dr. Bazet suggested, by way of reply,
that a challenge be issued to Supervisor
McCarthy in this manner: That the pres
idents of the two great universities in this
State be authorized to appoint world
famed bacteriologists who should bo
brought here to act as referees. To them
the proofs of p!ague should be submitted
and by their decision the matter should
be finally settled. If they should support
the Board of Health's opinions then Su
pervisor McCarthy should pay all ex
penses; if against the board, the Individual
members of the board should pay every
thing.
Chief of Police Sullivan suggested that
the entire matter be dropped, as It was
thus giving too much importance to Su
pervisor McCarthy's statements, and the
Board of Supervisors as a body had al
ready backed up the Board of Health Dr.
McCarthy wanted the Supervisors advised
that they might Indict the members of the
Health Board if they saw fit to do so.
President Williamson took still another
view. He thought that the Supervisor
might have erred through misinformation,
and that he ought to be advised as to the
true facts.
Dr. Buckley moved that "Supervisor Mc-
Carthy be enlightened, if possible." and
the motion was carried. The chair said
that he would not appoint a committee,
but that the individual members might
do as much missionary work as they saw
fit. -
The board decided to discontinue the
Chinatown Morgue through lack of funds.
HEALTH BOARD AND
SUPERVISOR M'CARTHY
$150 diamond pin as he was leaving the
Olyrnpia Theater last night. John Shaugh
nessey held McMillan while a confederate,
whose name is not known to the police,
grabbed the pin and ran. Shaughnessey
was arrested and charged at the City
Prison with grand larceny. His confed
erate escaped.
ket street, has identified four wheels that
were found in Calnan's barn as having
been stolon from his shop a short time
ago. Shaw reported his loss to Calnan,
who made a report of the crime to Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour. The latter
is satisfied that Calnan carted away the
wheels and hid them in his barn.
McMillan Loses a Diamond.
J. A. McMillan, the owner of one of
the horses Policeman Timothy Calnan Is
charged with stealing, was robbed of a
plaint.
Yesterday afternoon one of the other
horses in the stable at Calnan's home
was identified as having been stolen from
George H. Bayley's sale vards, 1623 Mar
ket street, which was also on Calnan's
beat, during the night of June 14. He will
also be booked on the charge of stealing
this horse. The third horse is supposed
to be his own. as he has had it for over
a year, but the detectives are Inquiring
about It.
Calnan joined the force December 4. 1S93.
He was at that time a plasterer. Septem
ber 1, ]^?7. he was fined $25 by the Police
Commissioners for wrongfully arresting a
respectable married woman, Mrs. T. V.
Cummin??.
W. E. Shaw, a blacksmith at 1621 Mar-
?-<*>— ?•-<&- *—&- ?-*¦ -?- <&• -?~g> -?—.•>-?— $>-?-<$ ©
in Calnan's pockets. Maher, the express
man, said Calnan was like the man who
told him to take the cart and harness to
001 Sanchez street, but he did not have
whiskers and his hair was shorter. Cal
nan was booked on a charge of grand
larceny, McMillan swearing to the com-
TIMOTHY C. CALXAX. MISSION POLICEMAN, LOCKED UP IN CITY PRISON.
told him he had that morning purchased
a splendid saddle hor^e from a man named
James Collins of Nevada for $30, a great
bargain. McMillan was shown the horse
and he at once recognized it as the one
stolen from his stabies April 21. showing
Stewart a brand to confirm his statement.
Stewart and McMillan hunted up Maher,
the expressman, ard be told them where
he had taken the cart and harness and
they called at 901 Sanchez street. Calnan
was on hi? beat and they went to see him.
Stewart asked him to return the $30 and
nothing would be said about the stealing
of the horse, but he waxed indignant and
denied having seen Stewart before. Al
though his whiskers were off and his hair
cut Stewart reeognizf-d him at once and
as he could get no satisfaction from him
he went to police headquarters. Calnan
was asked to call and made his appear
ance about 10 o'clock at night. He again
denied flatly to Chief Sullivan and Captain
Seymour that ho was the man who sold
th*- horse, but he was locked up in the
tanks.
Detectives T. B. Gibson and R. F. Gra
ham were detailed on the case and they
learned enough from Mrs. Calnan and
Louis Berperot. landlord of the house
where the Calnans live, to satisfy them,
that they had the right man. Bergerot
told them that up to Thursday morning
Calnan had three horses, but that day he
had told him he had sold one for $30 or
$35. He said he had bought two at auction
and had one at pasture In San Mateo
County. He saw the expressman bring
the cart home.
Yesterday morning George. F. Lyon
treasurer, and J. S. Graham, secretary or.
the Standard MJlk Company, called at the
prison and positively identified Calnan as
the man who as James Collins got the
check for $30 for the horse. To confirm
their identification, cards of the company
which had been given Collins were found
Asks for Time u> Prove Its Claims
to the Tracks on San
some and First
Streets.
Strings Its Wires on Bush
Street Without Any
Legal Right.
MARKET STREET
COMPANY ADMITS
A CLEVER TRICK
David B. Henderson, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, accompanied
by his wife, son and daughter, arrived In
San Francisco yesterday and is registered
at the Palace. The party also included
United States Judge Smith McPherson of
Iowa and his wife. In the afternoon the
Speaker, and his party were driven
through the Park to the CliflJ, Sutro
Heights, the Presidio and other points of
Interest. The leader of the Republican
forces in^the Lower House of Congress
was the guest of John. D. Spreckels at the
Pacific Union Club in the evening, where
dinner was partaken of. Congressman
Metcalf and ex- United States Senator
Charles N. Kelton were also at the ban
quet board.
Mr. Henderson is here on a pleasure
trip and will visit the Yosemite Valley
prior to his departure for the southern
part of the State, where his wife's rela T
lives reside. The Speaker has very pro
nounced ideas as to the duties of Repub
licans and good citizens generally In the
current campaign.
"Providence 4n Its wisdom," said he.
"has thrown open the Orient to the world,
and it Is also provided that California
shall be the natural gateway to the trafllc
of that mighty empire. This Is a chosen
spot If there Is one on the globe, and
if its voters are true to themselves and
the commonwealth they will send to Con
gress a solid delegation of seven Repub
licans. DeVries, a Democrat, was elected
in a Republican district because he ' ad
vocated Republican tariff principles. He
has been appointed by this administration
to a splendid life position and Is out of
the running. Put up some good man In
his district and the Democrats will help
to elect him.
"It is California's bounden duty to come
In solid this year, because 'there Is ,\o
State that will receive so much benefit as
this. The Republican party has fulfilled
every promise i it has made and is the
party of progress and good times. Presi
dent" McKinley Is a typical representative
of that party and has the confidence ot
the nation. Roosevelt is the typical youn?
American, full of the spirit of sturdy
young Americanism, well /supplied with
brains and admired of the general public
from Maine to California. The combina
tion is a great one and the. party is
thoroughly enthused and going forth to
victory. . .. . '
¦ "On the other hand comes William J.
Bryan, with his rotten, old thrashed-over
straw, sixteen to one, and asks the voters
of the United States to make their bed
In it. But they will not do so. They have
found that the solid gold standard given
to the country by the Republican pariy
is the foundation of genuine prosperity
and they will leave Mr. Bryan in the rear
of the procession to sing his old song that
makes a majority of the people of this
country weary.
"As to the work of the next Congress
I can say nothing In advance, as It would
be presumptive; but I will declare that
its labors will be for the honor and good
of the American people. President Mc-
Kinley will be in the chair to guard the
country's interests and David B. Hender
son will be doing his best to assist him
as Speaker of the House." .
• 'This morning at 9:30 o'clock Speaker
Henderson will be the guest of Congress
man Kahn, who has arranged for an ex
cursion to Mount Tamalpals. The party
will number about twenty-five and will
Include prominent people of the city.
Voters Should See That a Solid Re
publican Delegation Is Returned
to Congress — Strong Na
tional Ticket.
Says California Is Blessed
by Providence in These
Latter Days.
HENDERSON HAS
A PRETTY ROAST
FOR W. J. BRYAN
Diego Investment Company vs. V. E.
Shaw, judgment reversed and order to
dismiss action; Joseph Mullaly vs. F. N.
Townsend et al., Judgment affirmed; C.
Henne vs. the County of Los Angele«.
Judgment affirmed: J. L. Daly va. J. T.
Ruddell, writ Issue: Charles Shrievly vs.
Eureka T. G. M. Company et aL, judg
ment reversed.
P3LJCEMAN Timothy C. Calnan of
the Mission district is locked up in
th<- city prison on a charge of
1^-iriR a horsethiof and although
i*- strenuously proclaims his innocence the
evidence is all against him. The worst
feature of the oa«e 1? that the stables
from which the animals were stolen were
on his beat.
Calnan left on his vacation about two
weeks ago and returned last Tuesday
bringing a horse with him which he had
out at pasture near Holy Cross cemetery
fince last April. There is a stable In the
rear of the house where Calnan lived with
his wife at SiOl Sanchez street and the
horse was put in the stable, ¦where two
other horses owned by the policeman ¦were
aiso kept. Thursday morning Calnan put
on his camping clothes, consisting of
trown overalls, blue shirt, dark sack coat
and pair of heavy storey shoes, and hitch
ing up the horse be h.td brought with him
from the country drove away. He had
Bllowrd his whiskers to grow while camp-
Ir.s: and his hair was long. Before he re
turned home- the cart and harness had
been brought back by Thomas llaher, an
expressman. Cainan had shaved off his
whiskers and had his hair cut. He told
his wife hp had sold the horse.
Thursday. April 21. J. A. McMillan of
McMillan & Burnham's stables. 2170
Market Ptrr-et. reported to the -police that
a horse h£d lw-n stolen from them during
thf- r.ipht. Caln.-in had r^portM at the
:ime that he had found the patP and stable
door open, but he was unable to make an
investigation as he was afraid of the bull
dour in the yard.
McMillan happened to call at the Stan
dard Milk Company's establishment, 721
Howard ftrce-t. last Thursday, and E.
Stewart, the president of the company,
Accused of Stealing Two Animals From Different
Stables on His Beat and Selling One Under the
Name of James Collins of Nevada.
¦ But for the prompt action of deckhand
Manuel Pinero of the California North
western Company's steamer Tiburon, a
second boating disaster, involving four
lives instead of two, might have been
added to last Sunday's tragedy at Belve
dere.
On Thursday night the four young
daughters ot Airs. Mary Wooll of San
Francisco rowed across In a frail boat
lrom the wharf belonging to Airs. Spring,
wltn wnomUriey are staying, to the Tibu
ron ferry slip, witn the intention of mwt
nig tneir brouier, who was expected borne
on the 8 o"clocK p. m. steamer. As he
tailed to come the young ladies put off
from the 1'ioneer whan, to wnicn they
had tied their boat, intending to row bacK
to .Belvedere. A few yards lrom shore the
swift tide caught them and despite all
their efforts to make headway against it,
drew them rapidly toward tne terry slip
in whicn lay tne big steamer Tiburon, her
great side wheels revolving. Panic at the
prospect of being swept under the beating
paddles seized tne occupants of the skill,
and, as they drifted rapidly past the end
of tne slip one of the young ladies caught
hold ot the timbers. The bout gave a
violent lurch under the sudden movement
and the next moment two young women
we-e struggling in the water, while the
two, >ft in tne skiff screamed for aid. One
of the girls in the- water managed to
catch the gunwale of the skiff and hold
on, but the other when she came to the
surface clung to one of the slippery piles,
while the swift current threatened every
moment to drag her from her hold to a
horrible death.
At this juncture Manuel Pinero appear
ed on the stern of the big ferry boat and
hurried to the rescue. Taking in the situ
ation at a glance he dived from the deck
and, coming up, grasped the almost sense
loss girl and placed her. on an adjacent
iloat, where she promptly fainted. In the
meantime Krik Hellstrum, another deck
hand, had appeared. He slid down a pile
and helped the three ladies In the boat
ashore, and they walked uptown with
their companion, while Hellstrum rowed
the boat to the Pioneer wharf.
The accident, coming as it did while
launches were at work dragging for the
bodies* of the victims of Sunday's catas
trophe, has caused the wildest excitement
In Tiburon and many declare that the
town is hoodooed. On Tuesday niKht two
other women were saved from death by
Fred Lewis, of the launch Norwood. They
were trying to board a boat at the Tibu
ron float when a sudden lurch sent them
both into the water. As they came up for
the second time Lewis grabbed them and
dragged them into safety. They refused
to give their names.
Manuel Pinero of the Steamer Tibu
• ron Averts a Second Tragedy
in the Treacherous Marin
Waters.
The Four- Miss Woolls Are
Upset From a Frail
Skiff..
GIRLS RESCUED
FROM DROWNING
AT BELVEDERE
POLICEMAN CALNAN CHARGED
WITH BEING A HORSETHIEF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1900.
Stole a Mat of Sice.
14
Bank Stock Paper is imitated— get the genu-
ine. - Uysell-RoUlna, 22 Clay. •
When that tired feeling comes over you, drink
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
DR.MCNULTY.
qUIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLEOLD
X. .Special Micurr* I'rivme. Nenrous. and Blood Dia.
ense.-i of M«» tmljt. Cook on J'rivate Diseases and
A\ entnewies ot .Meii.fre*. Over -0y rV experience
f% t !r i n SC !, lr ,? l!% £ Holne - Terms reasonable. HourVi
toSdall j-.-8.30 to9:S> er'ifs. Sundays. 10 W12. Consul-
tatlonfreeand.«<aeredly confidential. Call.oraddres*
„„ , !•- KO»CO K Me.M I.TY. M . D.
26>5 Kearnjr St., Han Francisco, CaL
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
Granulated Best Cane Sngar, 20 lbs. . .$1.00
To every purchaser of FOUR DOLLARS'
worth of (rrocerlea we will give 20 pounds
sugar for }1.
Ropl Baking Powder, 1-Ib can 40c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 43c.
Finest Creamery Batter, 3 squares $1. . .Soo
We handle the best creameries In the city.
Give us a trial order and be convinced.
Regular 45c.
Petalnma Strictly Fresh Eggs, dozen. . ,17Jo
Guaranteed. Regular 23c
Singapore Pineapple, whole 3^-Ib can ... 20c
. Kxtra fine heavy syrup. Regular 23c.
Imported Sardines, 3 cans 25c
Unusual bargain. Regular 12',}c.
Mocha acd Java Coffee, 4 lbs $L0O
Our best coffee. Regular 33c.
Best Extra Soda Crackers, 15-lb box 50o
Limit 2 boxes. Regular 65c.
Port, Sherry, Angelica, 5 bot3 $1.00
Fine old wine. Regular 40c.
Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa, J-lb can. . .20c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 23c.
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gallon... .$2.50
O. P. S. 6 years old. Regular $3 50.
Extra Fruit Syrup, bet 30c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Regular 40c.
Cox's Gelatine, pkg ifo
This barcaln has never before been offered.
RoKUlar 15c. .
Send for Monthly Price List. Free.
Country Orders Promptly Attended to
Freight paid by us ¦when within 10O miles
134-8-1354- MARKET STREET
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. »2. Xo Branch Stores.
Ladles' tailor-made, suits,' silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. B26 Sutter.-*
1212 MARKET ST.
SKRIES OF MIDSUMMER SALES COM-
MENCES TO-DAY. Keep a sharp lookout for
the rare bargains we intend offering as long
8F they continue.
Beginning to-day we will offer goods marked
at a mere fract4on of cost In order to give
a swifter impetus to this great clearance.
OVERSKIRTS.
Ladles' Covert Cloth Oversklrts 79c
Ladies' Linen Trimmed Overskirts .::!>«.•
Ladles'- Navy Blue Duck Oversklrts 7."»c
Ladles' Metallic Lined Underskirts MH:
Ladles' Heavy Crash Oversklrts .$1.15
Ladles' Colored Sateen Underskirts, worth $1.50,
only slightly soiled. 45)e
Ladies' Heavy Moreen Underskirts, accordion
plaited • ".">c
Ladle*' Metallic Lined Underskirts l«)e
Heavy Linen Oversklrts. $l.C0 quality (!<lc
Ladies' • Best Linen Underskirts, accordion
plaited • T5o
Ladies' Silk Moreen Underskirts, lined. .$1.1M
ladles' White . Shirt Waists, embroidered
yoke ' :........ Ti Oc
Ladles' Calico AVaists, all sizes ..-4o
Ladies' White Walste, front all over lace.ljll.--l
Boys' Calico Waists, all sizes — ....15c
Boys' Percale Waists, sailor collar, pleated
ruffles • ..-l."»e
Hoys' White Waists, sailor collar ..4!)c
Boys' White Lawn Waists, sailor collar, neatly
trimmed with embroidery 75c
Boys' India Linen Waists, sailor collar,
trimmed with Swiss insertion and embroi-
dery • • • »Sc
Children's Calico Dresses, in all colors..... 1 Of
Children's Percale Dresses, nicely trimmed. 4Oe
Children's Dimity Dresees. all styles, worth
from U-"> to $3.00 yours for.. Sl.OO
Children's IMque Jackets, regular price J3.(K.
and $4.00. only slightly soiled .J»I.OO
20 r>cr cent off from marked prices on any
style Children's White Lawn Hats.
HOSIERY.
CHILDREN'S HOSIERY.
20c Ladles' Best-Quality Black ; Hose at..l2Ue
35c Indies' JJest Quality Black Hose at....lir»e
20c Ladies' Best Quality White Foot Hose at
.........M2Kc
&0c Ladles' Bent Quality Black Hose at....:Joo
75c Ladles' Best Quality^Black Hose at....5Oc
20c Children's Fine Ribbed Hose at 12'4e
23c Children's Fine Ribbed Hose at...:..... IBc
12c Children's Fine Ribbed Hose at.........O.S«
25c Children's Heavy Ribbed Hose at..... 1 ... ISe
35c Children's Kxtra Fine nibbed Hose at-.S.Ie
All Sllk:Ribbonl»ulley Belts on sale at....a.%e
All Pilk Extra Wide Double Faced Satin Pulley
Belts on sale at.. ;...'..... ."»<)c
EOc quality Jet Belts on sale at — .....:. ...11,1c
15 per cent off on all Summer Weight Corsets.
Bis bargains • in Veilings j and Illbbons bid
fair to eclipse those of previous days. ; :,.¦-¦>.
Our WRAPPER DEPARTMENT is bristling
as usual with rare opportunities— Garments be-
\ng best In quality. lowest In price, made In our
own factory and sold ¦ Retail at. Wholesale
Prices. -¦ : —
¦ ¦ • ¦ •
Hale's.
Kale's.
Hale's.
|5pimsu5ic|
{halFpriceI
We offer in our Sheet Music
Department distinct advantages
to customers. The stock is the
largest and most complete west i
of Chicago. Most likely we have !
whatever you want. The ser-
; vice is quick and intelligent.
You are waited upon promptly
and cao?fuliy. Prices one-half
oft to everybody. J
Sherman. Clay A. Co.'s
PIAXO AND MUSIC HOUSE.
Cor. Kearnj- and Sutler sts., S. F.
Ccr. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
W /(rf/\\ flannel r.^n^Zs' white &k
A vSga^^ SkirtS J Jt J" children's (ffiltTil?
»» }£% \ \*\J\J\\ \i\j\JVA^ lawn or naln- vi \ \& JL
\S?» l>r\- \ ladies' skirts *^ *~^ eook, round // \± fi&
fef B/hWf. \\ ° f Cinderella « >• >'<> k e with wide S I \\ X) vtSi
W KfWi \]\ flannel in pink. C OtYl G f\X\€A OO ruffle tri^- m «J // / \IV^
SL M¥ffl \i\ blue and cream. WUIHv CS11U g£v* with embroi- f /I \\\) y
W 4li|^@ FotlT' ''um? ~" h *»•" a hlnt settln * lnto type roch yoS°wnFS kj A
17 brella ruffle at experiences Indicate that this business Is reveres over «g£
Y bottom —Just in the best of tone, it needs no gusts, cr shoulders. \Sy
A ¥ ire" rWndiS burst,, or booms of advertising Bales W e t mb n r a 0^ j if V
3S& *» value at, each grow In volume without marshallntr prices dery: sizes 3 to JB ™- M\
Wp . '• iOc into the newspapers, that's because you've 10 years; each y flL
B HrPCC ernrtrtc learned to expect the best of values here ljc TT^Ta
* ui COO SVUU9 aM tne Umt) we have learned the wisdom If!,! o-lrtVOC W
ML. „ fancy check suitings, Bmall designs. of .-vin^ „..„... *ar vou to-dav's offer- IVIVI W
g|fc five swell coloring. Just the thin K ° f SaUns mOn ° J , , ' "' , 5 lite. Jouvla glove*-"th» elov» of M
WHi for a stylish skirt or a full suit, this ln 8 3 are warrants of that fact. royalty." we are the sole agents for fig^
\W has befn one of our fastost Felling this famous glove and our assort- HK1
W half-dollar fabrics, but as the qunn- _ - - „ , t , - _ „ ...Ji,. m>»nt of new aa well aa the staple Tad
M tits- Is limited we have priced them OVllTimCr oUilb colors is at all times complete: per
«1 for quick moving at, per yard 33c . ... pair $1.50 Jr
B«V when In the store ask to s«>e our 3110 SKiftS ladies' two-clasp prime lambskin Jf
\fcgft guaranteed black taffeta silks. we *"¦""¦ «•••• fc*-" gloves in all the staple colors: slzea J||l
T&tB carry three different makes. "Hale's many a price is less than It would be 5H to 7; full of service ajid Rood F.v'J
W good goods— wear guaranteed" is on new purchases and there's many a sort looks; per pair.- $1.00 vgsj
m woven on the selvedgre— nothing we may not be able to get again at any -
a stronger could be said, they are 22 price. HorlHinf T
ffi& Inches wide; per yard $1.00 ladles' white duck suits. . trimmed with U , !"! P , .. „, ,_. A
vSca two rows of blue braid on collar, cuffs, re- bleached sheets, double bed B«ae. . >gk
\*? h^nHlfOf^hSafi* vores and aro»nd Jackets and skirts; sizes 90 by SO inches made of x<v*l quality Ep|
W IldnUKerCnJCTS SC to 44; r.-ich...... $2:0 muslin, finished with two-inch hern; ¥|I
I ladies' hemstitched handkerchiefs ladles' cotton covert cloth suits In cadet t *f£mt'artm : amvim '+mA'ml*»'VZ£!£*
A with neatly embroidered Initials and blue and tan mixtures, double-breasted _, c £ m l O i£'™; iJncoiine «nl* 1?,* I
«& corners, linen finish; regular price Jackets and full Bkirts; sizes 32 to 42: fl w^2 cotton? wooT jL
*ga 12Hc; now, each si -3c each ?2 r M each ......?....'?!.. 7 1135 ffia
\y ladles' cotton covert cloth skirts, in blu*. """ ' TOM
it 101" the* tf\ttf±+ tan and brown mixtures: have been 95o fl/l/tO cali J c morr^Tlnn fi=r
a iu( iiic luiiei and n oo- noWt each ac mcv/aii s m<3&*azine w
Aa. Hale's saponaceous tooth powder, ladles' linen crash skirts, appllqued down this standard fashion magaztno M
gga made exprfs.sly for Kale's California front and back, with white pique ard with beautiful colored plates and in- JpW
»a«J stores: nothing bettor on the market braid, full Pklrt fint?h»tl with d^ep horn: terestlng information regarding fwm
V« "Z 00 a Package; our price 10c reduced from $175 to. each $123 dressmaking, fancy work. etc.. to- WjBJ
y Mennen s borated talcum powder. j n(1 i«..' whitA nimm skirt* stvJlshlv gether with one reliable Derfect nt- . TUB
£ regular price 25c; our price 15c trtamld wUh wide lice in^lrtlns down tln « 15c Pattern is furnished for 50c W
BL fJi yaclnth "eam. a perfect skin J ron^t and around sWrV each $2 "5 a year by mall or 30c If delivered to M
fffr, '<xxl: regular price 25c: our price.. 19c around skirt, eacn *. -„ over the counter . A
rag\ mlKt of roses, for beautifying the . «3&
«S skin: perfectly harmless; price. ...BOo Children S ClreSSCS /if^J
& f(?^¥ * or summer wear lawn J
E5CL V-OiiV^ , y j-y^> children's percale dresses in pink, blue +{£»£• 8SC^ Ei£k
iSKxl <S=2Qvr~^ 1> i?£S Vf llimorQ and lavender stripes and plaids, made with llco IhO
*§/ RC^"?Oi*4\\ TVI ""«i o circular yoke trimmed with braid and •• A^S^^^Sa^
A 'toR&C^i!?^ silk tuxprtn children's lawn dresses in pretty laven- ladles' wh!t* •¦^*V#£ r ' I
Mk n't v'lin, t der blue and pink strips, made with full Jjrtw and lawn A
PP-Sa, tWr^ 4 iCJKcv* plain and fanrv ruffle and trimmed . with braid on collar. ties with er.i- />^ S&T. GSX
If? WzZffi^ meshes." wfth or J'Oke and cuff,; ages'2 to 5 years: each°...o0c /' W^i «
W \^*±kS5^ without che- children's percale dresses. In navy b»ue. " ' scalloped W
W jESl ntlle dot?. 14 red. llpht blue and pink stripes, v-shaped 31.3 t0 5 -^iSSr / iV^^fc. W
A. Inches wide. embroidery trimmed yoke, shoulders inches worth Jk • -"^St M
A worth 15c and trimmed with wide band of plain percale o' 3< . t o 'sne each- < §% ; tV. :: -"-,/»"-*-J«<7 1 eE5 ffk.
§By :n ° th * > - ar ' 1: nrVl thr ° e r ° WS ° f COrd: ageS * tO U year9: choice at 20o BEk