VON BULOW HOLDS UP KWANG SU'S PLEA
UNTIL FATE OF LEGATIONS IS KNOWN
TIENTSIN, Saturday, July 21. — The Russians announce their intention to keep control
of the entire railway line between Taku and Peking- until the conclusion of hostilities, when they
purpose, they say, to restore it to the Chinese.
Admiral Seymour strongly disapproves allowing' them to repair the line beyond Tientsin.
He considers that the British should insure the undertaking and conduct the repairs.
Meanwhile the French are endeavoring to obtain control of all the river tugs. It is be
lieved that they intend to share the control with Russia.
EUROPEAN GREED MANIFESTED BY THE
QUARRELS OF THE ALLIES IN CHINA
lency, in respectful obedience of imperial
wishes, will deliver the fame to its high
destination and favor me with a reply
"YU LIEN YUEX.
"Taotai at Shanghai."
Keply of McKinley.
This cablegram was at once communi
cated to the President at Canton, and the
following is his reply:
"The President of the United States to
the Emperor of China-Greeting: I have
received your Majesty's message of July
19. and am slad to know that your
Majesty 1 recognizes the fact that the Gov
ernment and the people of the United
States desire of China nothing but what
is Just and equitable. The purpose for
which we landed troops In China was tho
rescue of our legation from grave danger
and the protection of the lives and prop
erty cf Americans who were sojourning in
China, In the enjoyment of rights guar
anteed them by treaty and by interna
tional law. The same purposes are pub
licly declared by all the powers which
have landed military forces iri your
Majesty's empire.
"I am to infer from your Majesty's let
ter that the malefactors who have dis
turbed the peace of China, who have mur
dered the Minister of Germany and a
member of the Japanese legation, and
who now hold besieged in Peking those
foreign diplomats who still survive, havo
not only not received any favor cfr en
couragement from your Majesty, but are
actually in rebellion against the imperial
authority. If this be the case I mest
solemnly urge upon your Majesty's Gov
ernment to give public assurance whether
the foreign Ministers are alive, and if so
In what condition.
"2. To put the diplomatic representa
tlves of the powers in Immediate and frei
communication with their respective Gov
ernments, and to remove all danger to
their lives and liberty.
"3. To place the Imperial authorities of
China In communication with the relief
expedition, that co-operation may be se
cured between them for the liberation cf
the legationers. the protection of foreign
era and the restoration of order.
"If these objects are accomplished it is
the belief of this 05overnrr»nt that no ob
stacles will be found to e..i»t on the part
of the powers to an amicable settlement
of all the questions arising with the re
cent troubles, and the friendly good offices
of this Government will, with the assent
of the other powers, be cheerfully placer!
at your Majesty's disposition for that
purpose. WILLIAM M'KINLEY.
"By the President: JOHN HAY.
-July a; is*- " Secreta ryotStet 
9 fcASHIXOTON. J«ly 24.— The De
&Q_B partment of Htnte to-day made
w^^ public the Chinese appeal for
mediation and the President's
reply. The Chinese appeal Is unques
tionably an adroit .proposition. The Presi
dent's answer is equally clever and more
sincere; that is the opinion of the officials
here who have studied both. Following is
the translation of a cablegram received
by Minister Wu on July 20. 1900, from the
Taotai of Shanghai, dated July 19. 1900:
"Have received a telegram from Gover
nor Yuan of Shantung, dated 23d day of
the moon, July ID, who, having received
from the Privy Council at Peking a dis
patch embodying an imperial letter to
the United States, has Instructed me to
transmit it to your Excellency. The im
perial message is respectfully transmitted
as follows:
" 'To his Excellency the President of
the United States— Greeting: China has
long maintained friendly relations with
the United States and is deeply conscious
that the object of the United States Is
international commerce. Neither country
entertains the least suspicion or distrust
toward the other. Recent outbreaks of
mutual antipathy between the people and
Christian missions caused the foreign
powers to view with suspicion the position
of the Imperial Government and favorable
to the people and prejudicial to. the mis
sions, with the result that the Taku forts
were attacked and captured. Consequent
ly there has been clashing of forces, with
calamitous consequences.. The situation
has become more and more serious and
critical. "We have just received a tele
graphic memorial from our envoy, Wu
Ting Fang, and it Is highly gratifying
to learn that the United States Govern
ment, having in view the friendly rela
tions between the two countries, has
taken a deep interest in the present sit
uation. ¦« Xow, China, driven by the ir
resistible course of events, has unfortu^
nateiy incurred well nigh universal in
dignation. For settling the present diffi
culty China places special reliance In the
United States. "We address this message
to your Excellency in all sincerity and
candldness. with the hope that your Ex
cellency will devise measures and take
the initiative in bringing about a concert
of the powers for the restoration of order
and peace. The favor of a kind reply is
earnestly requested and awaited with the
greatest anxiety. KWANG SU."
" 'Twenty-sixth year, sixth moon.
twenty-third day (July ID).'
"It is therefore my duty to transmit the
above, with the request that your Excel-
official, will have to forego the Emperor's
assertion that he would not stop until
the German flag floated over Peking.
As for the 1 other powers, it is emphati
cally stated that they have unanimously
agreed that- with the safe delivery of the
Ministers the aggressive campaign will
end. All rumors of an International
agreement regarding- the future of China
subsequent to the return of the Minis
ters are false.
The agreement is purely negative, and
based upon the l.nes stated by Secretary
Hay, ot which the independence and in
tegrity of the Chinese, empire are essen
tial features. If the imperial edict proves
true, the powers, while holding their
forces in readiness to enforce demands,
will accept pecuniary indemnity. No ter
ritorial propositions will be considered.
In common with the other powers, Ger
many must, through arbitration or other
wise, gauge the damage sustained by the
loss of the life of her Minister by a pecu
niary standard. The same rule will ap
ply as to the loss of other lives and the
destruction of property.
RUSSIAN FORCE HARD
PRESSED BY BOXERS
ST. PETERSBURG, July 24.-A dis
patch v.-hich has been received from Gen
eral Grodekoff at Khabarovick, dated
July 22, reports that the steamer Odessa,
which left Charbin July 16, brought tid
ings of the Russian force that left Te
lin July 7, en route to Charbin.
It appears that 1100 men started, with
a large convoy of Chinese . Christians,
women and • children. After constant
fighting, which was often at close quar
ters and with bayonet, they were again
attacked by Boxprs on July 12. The Rus
sians lost heavily and ran short of am
munition. At -last accounts they were
threatened by 15,000 Boxers. Engineer
Jugovlch. at Charbin, had found it im
possible to send efficient help, as he re
quired all his available forces to defend
Chnrbin, which place contained thou
sands of unarmed employes, with their
families, which have been concentrated
from along many sections of the railway.
General Grodekoff considers the situ
ation to ' be bad. Attacks are daily
threatened, and rebels and marauders are
overrunning Manchuria. The general
says the local Governors have little au
thority, and that fanatics dominate the
situation. i - .¦•',?•¦
I A ONDOJC. July 24.— The Chinese Mln-
Jf ister, Sir Chih Chen Lo Feng L.uh.
C^f had a long Interview with Lord
Salisbury this afternoon. The gen
eral situation was discussed, and the
Chinese Minister asserted his belief that
the British Minister to China, Sir Claude
Jilacdonald, and the other foreigners at
Peking-, were safe. Lord Salisbury reit
erated his demand for direct communi
cation with the Minister at Peking. To
t/is request the Minister could only re
yew his protestations that It would be
/peedily accomplished if feasible. He ad-
Buced no new facts .to prove his asser
tions. The interview closed without re
sult.
Despite the Chinese Minister's state
ments and despite Sir Claude Macdon
ald's letter of July 4, a strong impression
continues to prevail- at the Foreign Of
fice that the Ministers at Peking, were
massacred on July 6. Not one scintilla
of evidence is yet in the possession of the
Foreign Office leading it to disbelieve the
reports of the murders. Sir Claude Mac
donald's letter, -with Its account of se
vere fighting in Peking, merely confirms
the Government's forebodings.
William P. Morgan, member of Par
liament for Merthyr Tydvll. whose
knowledge of and interests in China are
extensive, said to-day that he was posi
tive from cable messages from his agents
that the members of the legations were
alive on July 9. ' When the Foreign Of
fice was told this, the rejoinder was
made: .
"Mr. Morgan has submitted no evidence
to convince us of the truth of his state
ment, however anxious we may be to be
lieve it."
Will Not Partition China.
Consultations are in progress between
Cabinet Ministers and officials as to the
course to be pursued should the Ministers
prove to be alive. The contingency of
China holding them as hostages is upper
most in the minds of all, although the
Chinese diplomats have not as yet hinted
at such action. .
Negotiations between the powers have
brought out- mutual asurances that the
military expeditions to China are for the
sole purpose of relieving the legations,
and that there is no intention to partition
China. Hence, should China agree to
deliver the Ministers alive, no power will
have reason for continuing aggressive
military operations except Germany,
whose Minister is undoubtedly dead, and
Aven Germaxv. to quote a high British
Full Text of Emperor Kwang Su's
Appeal for American Mediation
and the Terms Proposed by
President McKinley in Reply.
Lord Salisbury Scoffs at Chinese
Promises and Reiterates His
Demand for Direct Communi
cation With the British Minister.
@$ OXDOX, July 24. — The Foreign Office has received a dispatch from the British Consul at
fJL Tientsin, dated Saturday, July 21, stating that he had just received a letter from Sir
Claude Macdonald, the British Minister at Peking, and dated July 4, appealing for re
lief. There were enough provisions at the legation to last a fortnight, the letter said, but the gar
rison was unequal to the task of holding out against a determined attack for many days.
There had been forty-four deaths and about double that number wounded.
The Foreign Office thinks the dispatch does not affect the main question of the reported
massacre of members of the legation at Peking.
PARIS, July 24. — Four dispatches from the French Consul at Tientsin, dated severally
July 13, 14, 17 and 18, and forwarded from Chefu July 18 to 20, have been received by the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, M. Delcasse. The dispatch dated July 13 says a courier from Peking re
lates that since June 20 the foreign Ministers have been besieged in the British legation, and that
the marines were making a vigorous defense. The supply of ammunition was low, and the peril
of those in the legation was great. Up to the time the courier left Peking the loss of the marines
had been sixteen killed and seventeen wounded.
The dispatch dated July 14 announces the taking of Tientsin. The message of the 17th
says the city of Tientsin was quiet. A courier had been dispatched to Peking-, and his return was
expected in seven days.
The dispatch of July j8 says the military chiefs of the allied forces were at that time de
liberating as to the form of government that should be given Tientsin.
The Consul had received no dispatches forwarded from Paris since June 20.
Sir Claude Macdonald, Writing on July 4, An
nounced That Forty-Four Foreigners in
Peking Had Already Been Slain.
To apply a biblical phrase to the Peking situation, while the world asks for br&atf the Chinese authorities serve out
stones in superabundant measure. A belated letter from Sir Claude Macdonald brought reliable news from the legations down
to the date of July 4, five days later than the message from the Japanese Minister, which left Peking on June 29; but, it is
pointed out in London, ahead of the critical date of July 6-7, which Shanghai reports have named as the day of the final attack
upon the British legation- . . .— '™.;,.
A conservative correspondent, whose special dispatch is published In this morning's Call, transmits from Shanghai an
entertaining story of how General Yung Lu at Peking met a messenger from the British legation on July 19 and sent him back to
the Ministers with assurances of friendship. This and a sheaf of Chinese reports spread broadcast throughout the world's capi
tals only tend to strengthen the suspicion which obtains in many quarters.
Emperor Kwang Su's appeal to President McKinley and the latter's reply, an outline of which was published in The
Call yesterday, are given in full. The United States Government makes the assent of the other powers concerned conditional to
its mediation on behalf of China. Irritation at the attitude taken by Washington has found vent in Berlin, where contrasts were
drawn between Mr. McKinley's response and the reply given by Count von Bulnw to the Chinese appeal addressed to the Ger
man Emperor, all unfavorable to the former.
!t is said the State Department has evidence that Russian troops are advancing on Peking from the north and that the
Czar may withdraw from the international alliance.
BRITISH MINISTER'S LETTER
APPEALING FOR RELIEF
THE CALL'S SUMMARY OF THE CHINESE SITUATION.
There is a strong suspicion that all these telegrams are only intended to gain time while the
Chinese are preparing for another coup. Xo reliance whatever is now placed in these messages
from Chinese official sources.
If the o'fficials of Central and Southern China persuade themselves to believe the partition
of the country is intended, the whole empire will rise against foreigners. Yuan Shai Kai, Gov
ernor of Shantung, has drawn up a definite plan of action for the present crisis, which has been
sent to the Viceroys and Governors.
The substance of this plan is the generals who are marching to the rescue of the Emperor
must not attack Prince Titan or the Boxers. If the members of the legations have really been mur
dered the Western powers, he says, will try to destroy Peking. The generals must help Prince Tuan
and the Boxers to avert this. They must form a rearguard during tlie flight of the Empress to
Singan Fu, where a new capital will be established.
All ports and cities accessible to foreign warships must be strengthened and a solid front
presented. This will induce the foreigners to make peace.
Overtures must begin promptly, war preparations proceeding concurrently. The Governor
adds that diplomacy always helps China. He further says the export of arms and munitions from
Europe is being stopped and the Chinese arsenals must therefore work double 'time.
Viceroys south of Hoangho must continue to protect foreigners until the court are safely
at Singan Fu. when a general war will be inevitable. ?
Should the members of legations be alive and the partitioning of China really disclaimed,
the generals who are moving north-will order the Boxers to disperse on pain of atack. Peace will
then easily follow.
THE ABODE OF MYSTERY.
[MPERTAL PALACE AND GROUNDS IN THE TARTAR CITY. PEKING. FROM A PICTURE IN "SKETCH." DRAWN BY THE LATE WILLIAM SIMPSON.
LONDON, July 25. — The Daily Telegraph has' this dispatch from its special correspon
dent :
SHANGHAI, July 23. — Taotai Sheng has sent to-day to the consular body an al
leged telegram from Yuan Shai Kai, saying:
"General Yung L11 at Peking found a messenger corning from the British legation on the
18th. Yung Lu sent him back to the legation to assure the Ministers of his friendship and his in
tention to provide them with supplies. The messenger was then sent to the legation from the
Tsung-li Yamcn to concert measures for an escort for the Ministers to Tientsin."
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 190O, by New York Herald Company. Kcpublication
of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Sritain.]
CHINA SEEKS TO GAIN TIME
WHILE PREPARING TO STRIKE
DECISIVE BLOW AT FOREIGNERS
LEGATIONS IN PEKING
HARD PRESSED BY
BOXERS ON JULY 4
Word From Great Britain's Representa
tive Removes All Hope That For
eigners Were Not Massacred.
CHINA MUST ACT AT
ONCE TO GIVE PROOF
OF HER GOOD FAITH
. »
President's Rep'.y to the Emperor's Note
So Framed as to Compel Imme
diate Results.
VOLUME LXXXVII1— NO. 55.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JtLLY 25, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JAPANESE FOREIGN MINISTER URGES
SOUTHERN VICEROYS TO OPPOSE BOXERS
YOKOHAMA, July 24.— It is rumored that the Japanese Foreign Minister has been in
constant communication with the southern Viceroys of China, urging them to. mobilize troops and
march northward to restore peace and order.
After the capture of. Tientsin he again enjoined upon them the expediency of placing
themselves alongside the foreign troops, thereby showing China's determination to crush the
rebels and to fulfill the treaty obligations of China,
J The Viceroys hesitated, It is said, to accept the responsibility, but it is believed that they
used their influence in Peking, with the result that the Emperor's party resumed control.
BERLIN, July 24. — Count von Bulow, Minister of Foreign Affairs, made reply to-day to
the appeal of the Emperor of China for German mediation between the powers and the Chinese
Government. In substance Count von Bulow said he would not submit the telegramifrom
the Peking Government so long as the fate of the legations and other foreigners in Peking
was not ascertained, and as long as the Chinese Government had not atoned for the murder of
the German Minister to Peking, Baron von Ketteler, giving guarantees that in the future^its
conduct will be in harmony with international law and the usages of civilization.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.tions of territory. He thinks the powers
ought to accept assurances of a reformed
administration and of the removal of the
officials responsible for the crisis.
"Obviously, Li Hung Chang has not
changed his views or his methods, while
the puerility of his arguments is increas
ing with age. The impression is gaining
ground here that the Manchus are tem
porizing while preparing to retreat to
Kingan-Fu. A confidential member of his
etaff says that Earl Li will not go north
until he is convinced that tHe Empress
Dowa»sr«»r has seen the folly of her present
policy."
iThe Hongkong correspondent of . the
Times says that before leaving Li Hung
Chang countermanded his order for. the
Black- Flags to march on Peking, and they
are now encamped outside of Canton.
The Standard's correspondent at Tien
tsin sends a curious "statement to the ef
fect that Russians claim that their forces
oecupied Peking two days ago, and that
all the foreigners were safe.
The Daily Telegraph has advices from
Tokio, dated July 23. that the railway bat
talion org-anizod in 1S95 has started for
China, together with a force of coolies
and artillery.
The ¦ Hongkong correspondent • of the
Daily Express reports an attempt to blew
up the Baptist Chapel in Canton, with the
apparent Intention to kill the Christians.
A Japanese military expert from Tien
tsin eays that at a conference of the.al
lied commanders it -was decided to organ
lee a military Government of the city.
Three administrators were : appointed,
Russian, Japanese and English, with
equal power, y The city, divided into four
parts, has been occupied by the French.
English, Japanese and American forces,
the last named holding the portion from
tho south gate to the east gate. The Rus
sians occupy the towns and' villages on
the left bank of the Peiho and . the
Lutal canal.
WILLING TO .VOLUNTEER.
TACOMA, "Wash.. July 24.— A letter has
been received from Adjutant General
Wilier, of the Spanish-American'. Veter-
Hidden Import of the Wily Diplomat's Statement That With
Twenty Thousand White Troops He .Could Suppress
the Boxers.
LONIV>N, July 25 <4 a. m.)— Sir Claude
MacDonald'e message, dated July
4, appealir.gr for relief. Is regarded
in London as only a prelude to the
absolute confirmation of the mas-
Fa rre.. This is the opinion also of the
Japanese Minister here. The newspapers j
suKRPst that the British Minister's dis- j
patch was held back and released about I
the fame time as Mr. Conger's undated!
message.
Althoufrh the America.n and British I
force? are working harmoniously, the •
question of means of communication be
iwpfn Taku and Peking gives evidence of
Jealousies between the powers, and other
dispatches from Tientsin show the lan
guage difficulty has been hampering the
military operations.
A dispatch to the Daily Xe-ws from
Tientsin, dated July 14 and describing the
fighting, says: ' '%i
"Colonel Liscum mistook the road and
¦was nearly Isolated. General Dorward.
cn a premature report from the Japanese
commander, that the city had been en
tered, ordered a general advance, which
proved a costly error. Much valuaCie.
time was lost and trouble occasioned yes
terday afternoon because the messengers
between General Fukohima and General
Dorward did not understand each other's
language."
The Tientsin correspondent of the Daily
Mail says that when the Chinese regulars
?aw the Boxers, who led the attack, being
killed they began to retire. He asserts
that the admirals have decided that it
will bo useless to move toward Peking
¦without at least C0.O00 men.
Lesson Learned in Africa.
In an editorial referring to this state
ment the Dally Mail comments upon the
American proposal to advance r with TOfiO
rnen. It Bays: ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ - " -
"We have learned in Africa how danger
ous it Is to despise our enemies, and in
the interest of civilization' we do. not wish
to see such a lesson read to tho United
Elates by the 'heathen Chinese.' "
A whole batch of Tientsin dispatches are
published to-day. All praise the gallantry
of the Americans and Japanese. The
Standard's correspondent says that the
Americana at first made a mistake in
underestimating the fighting capacity of
the Chinese, whose fire was really terrific.
He expresses some doubt about the ability
of the allies to hold the positions cap
tured unless they are reinforced. It ap
pears that large hauls «f silver were
made by the allies, the metal being cal
ried away in buckets and the Chinese
calmly assisting.
Requests for mediation, addressed to
foreign powers, are interpreted here, to
be apropos to preparation for a. refluent
of foreign aid to repress the rebellion
and Li Huns Chang's statement that be
could restore order with 20.000 white troops
is looked upon as u subtle argument in
favor of appointing him to the command
of the allied forces, to the exclusion of a
Japanese. The Shanghai correspondent
of the Times, telegraphing Monday, says:
"In an interview to-day Li Hung Chang
reiterated his statement that if thu
Manchu party had been guilty of the hor
rible treachery involved in a massacre of
the members of the legations he would
absolutely refuse to attempt to negotiate.
He said the present intention of the
Tsung-Li-Yamen was to memorialize the
Empress Dowager to revictual the lega
tions and then to arrange to send them to
Tientsin under the escort of General Sung
Wad Lin. He declared that the fighting
had ceased and that the foreign troop?
were holding a position south of the Yu-
Ho bridge, while General Tung Fuh
Slang's forces were on the north.
Manchus Are Temporizing.
"Earl LI expressed the Intention to wait
for news of the movement of. the Foreign
Legations before proceeding northward.
On receiving this he will be escorted by
10,000 troops who are now mustering in
this prbvince. .....,-,.
"Regarding- the negotiations;' he said he
believed China's finances would debar her
from paying indemnity, and that the peo
ple .would ¦ not- submit to further annexa-
LI HUNG CHANG ASPIRES TO
COMMAND THE ALLIED FORCES
Amador County's Assessment.
JACKSON, July 24.— The assessment
roll of Amador County foots up $4.321.™ \
a docllne of $iy>.(W0/x3 compared with 1S».
Engineer Meets Death.
SALT LAKE. July 21.— A freight train
on the I'tah Central branch of the Hio
Grande Western to-day got beyond thw
control of the enirineer and. striking q
rharp curve, toppled over. Engineer J. V
Ferguson was instantly killed and tho
fireman badlv scalded. The accident oc
curred near rtlrk City.
Honored by a Shipmate.
VALLEJO. July 24. — An interesting
event took place on board the Adams Sun
day. After the usual inspection the chief
petty officers, representing the members
of the crew, presented a sword arwj belt
to Luther D. Smith, recentfy promntedMo
the position of paymaster's clerk by tho
Secretary- of the Navy on the nomlnnti-.a
ot *; Paymaster John Clyde Sullivan,
L. S. IS.
Judge Hughes Dying.
I Special r»i?r>atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*. July 24.— Hon. J. W.
' Hughes. Judge of the Superior Court of
! San Diego. Cal.. is lying at the point nf
i death at th^ Garfield Hospital in this
city. Judge Hughes came from San Dies'-»
I several -wrecks airo. accompanied by hi*
j to visit relatives at Leesburg. Va.
j While there he was taken suddenly ill ami
I his condition became so- alarmingthat h'^
I was brotiprht to "Washington and placed in
the hospital. The physicians have given
up hope of his recovery.
Texan Pleads With the Governor of
Arizona to* Commute the Sen
tences of Condemned Men.
rHOENTX. Ariz.. July 24.— Strong in
fluence is being brought to bear by Gover-
nor Sayers and other prominent citizens
of Texas to have commuted the sentences
of William and Thomas Halderman, con
victed of murdering Constables Ainsworth
and Moore.
Ever since the Supreme Court affirmed
the judgment of the lower court weighty
Influence has been at work to save the
condemned men. To-day S. II. Hopkin*
of Gonzales. Texas, appeared before Act
ing Governor Akers and made a strong
plea for his clients, who were former
residents of Texas. He introduced several
affidavits putting n new light on the
crime.. One statement was from the two
daughters of J. \V. Wilson, one of the
chief witnesses for the prosecution, to the
effect that their evidence at the trial had
been of a prejudiced nature, and that they
had sworn falsely to various statements
made, under threats from their father.
Another affidavit was from Buck Chan
dler, who had hoen run out of the country,
lie stated that Moore told him before th«»
tragedy that he would kill the HaMerman
brothers.
YOUNG GIRL SHOOTS
HERSELF ACCIDENTALLY
While Her Father Is Breaking Camp.
She Carelessly Handles a Kifle,
With Fatal Besults.
REDDIXG, July 21. — Mamie Lawrence,
a girl of 12. was accidentally shot and
killed to-day. H. M. Lawrence and family
of Chlco, were encamped near the Chinese
gardens, four miles south of here, gather
ing fruit. A largo field and brush fire,
originating from a locomotive, threat
ened to overwhelm the Lawrence tent,
and the family started to move. In gath
ering up the effects Mamie seized a loaded
rifle by the muzzle. The trigger caught in
a wagon wheel and tho rifle was dis
charged. The bullet passed through the
girl"s body, killing her almost instantly.
Enforcing Edmunds Law in Arizona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLIAMS. Ariz.. July 24.— Wholesale
arrests "are being made here by the of
ficers among the tenderloin fraternity,
who have been violating the Edmunds
act. The officers began some time ago
to war upon this class, arresting several
fining them heavily and sentencing some
to the County Jail for 200 days. Yesterdav
numerous warrants were sworn out bv
the County Attorney, and to-day the Jus
tice of the Peace is kept busy hearing
cases. There is much dissatisfaction ex
pressed among those who are being pros
ecuted, who claim that thev will flcht the
Ho S^l M tlM \M"« end. while on the other
hand the officers are undaunted by 'any
threats.. and they will ferret out every
case and prosecute It to the fullest extent
ot too lixw.
Prefers Death to Jail.
OAKDALE. Wash.. July 24.-Georce
Spudley, a former resident of this place,
committed suicide here to-day at 5 o'clock
by severing his jugular vein with a jack
knife. He was under arrest upon notifl
?hit°h ° f the SherlfE of StcviSS County
that he was wanted at Rossbure for at
tempting to burn a house at that place
and teu«A a - 11W , ay and Navigation road
?es d t h nfld J s U Uh h e'n e ir°rest t e O d WOrk in the har "
Southern Crop Retjort.
LOS ANGELES, July 24 —The UnUprt
biu P e Mn D ; Par c tment ° f Ag^cultuVe^crop
ll I i° r Souther n California forth?
"Fee 6 ,?^"! i Uly ° fS aS Allows:
iiisflPliii
SEEK TO ESCAPE
DEATH ON THE GALLOWS
BRAVERY OF A JAPANESE
LONDON, July 24. — The
Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail records the gallant
action of a Japanese soldier
during the attack on the gates
of the city of Tientsin. A dyn
amite- train failed to explode.
Seeing this, the soldier ran
forward with a torch, causing
an immediate explosion, by
which the brave fellow was
blown to atoms.
authorization to enlist In the Internation
al corps and to place themselves under
the protection of the foreign armies Th«
(government favors sending a Belgian ex
pedition to China, which appears to be
the wish of the country."
Beautiful Miss Kenyon of Vallejo Is
One of the Victims and Bachael
Cable of Pomona Is the Other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. July 21.— While endeavorlr:?
to extinguish a fire caused by the explo
sion of a coaloil stove Miss Alice Kenyon
of this city was frightfully burned this
afternoon at her home. The young lady's
clothing took fire and she ran to a cel
lar under her home, where her brother
turned the water upon her through a gar
den hose and succeeded In putting out tho
flames, but not until she was so severe
ly burner! that she may die. Alisa Kenyon
Is a. popular and handsome young ¦womuii.
POMONA. July 2».— Rachel Cable, a do
mestic, was frightfully burned last night
and died this morning. She spilled some
gasoline on the floor, which she wiped tip
with her apron and then started to llttbt
a gasoline stove. Her clothing ignirM
ami she was fatally burned before help
arrived.
northern sections, but a few days of hot
weather would damage corn and bean?.
The week closed extremely hot south of
the Tehachapi Pass, but it is too early
to learn if damage resulted."
TWO CALIFORNIA WOMEN
ARE FATALLY BURNED
LONDON, July* 24.— The Globe's naval
correspondent at Taku writes:
Admiral Kempff has raised a storm in
a teapot .on. the salute ctuestion. . He is
second in command ot" the station, and
thus entitled to eleven guns as rear ad
miral, and this was recently given him
by the Endymlon at Yokohama. Ho
claimed thirteen suns, stating that no
American admiral got eleven guns, their
value being: Full admiral, seventeen;
vice admiral, fifteen: rear admiral, thir
teen. The United. . States first bavins
started the grade of admiral, perhaps
Kempff thought out tho regulations In
pure Ignorance, as there appears to be no
reason why a United Stales rear admiral
should he "worth more powder than any
other rear admiral.
To his protest Rear Admiral Kempff
was informed that the captain of the Kn
dymion would eivp him as many ruiis as
he wanted, if there were, sufficient powder
on the ship, but until they published their
regulations we bad to go by ours.
The Orlando (British armorofl nliip) ar
riving at Taku knew nothing: of this
squablile. and rubbed it in by saluting the
Chinese reor admiral with thirteen puns,
then the Riissian rear admiral with thir
teen and then the United States rear ad
miral with eleven guns. Whether distance
made it di 111 cult for them to distinguish
the number or a delicate hint was Intend
ed, the Newark had the good taste to re
turn thirteen.
TIENTSIN THREATENED
WITH PESTILENCE
Copyrighted. 1M0, by the Associated Presa,
SHANGHAI, July 23.— The following
dispatch from the Associated Pres3 corre
spondent at Tientsin reached here to-day,
having been delayed twenty days in
transmission:
"TIENTSIN. July 3. — Famine and pesti
lence are sure to strike the region of
Tientsin soon. Hundreds of thousands of
Chinese are leaving their homes in the
districts where fighting is going on, with
out means of support.'
"Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mallory of
the Forty-first United States Infantry has
arrived here to act as military observer.
"The American and British command
ers here have established a censorship_of
correspondents of those natlonalities~to
prevent the transmission of news that
might tend to kindle international ani
mosities. The anti-Russian prejudice of
certain of the English correspondents
caused this action."
ORDERS TO RUSH WORK ON
THE ALERT AT MARE ISLAND
VALLEJO, July 24.— Lieutenant Hlrsh
inger of the United, States marine corps
has been ordered to China and will leave
on the Hancock on Saturday. He will be
adjutant to the Fifth Battalion, United
States marine corps.
Dr. Payne has been detached from tho
naval hospital at Mare Island and ordered
to China on the Hancock. Surgeons Stepp
and Payne, who were among the four
surgeons who received temporary ap
pointments in the navy during the Span
ish war, have been regularly appointed
In the navy.
Workmen are being taken on at Mare
Island. Orders have been received to rush
work on the uunboat Alert.
SHENG SAYS MINISTERS
WILL BE SENT TO TIENTSIN
WASHINGTON, July 24.-The Chinese
Minister received a dispatch this morn
ing from Sheng. the Director of Railroads
and Telegraphs at Shanghai, stating: that
the foreign Ministers are to be sent from
Peking to Tientsin under escort; also,
that the imperial Government has not
only been protecting them but has sup
plied them with food.
EARL LI'S PROMISE *
TO M. DELCASSE
PARIS, July 25, 12:30 a. m.— M. Delcasse.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has received
a cablegram from the French Consul at
Shanghai, dated July 23, which says:
"Li Hung Chang has just assured me
that M. Pichon (French Minister to
China) Is living arid he has agreed to
transmit to him a message from me re
questing a reply within five days."
"SATAN REBUKING SIN"
C02ISTANTI1STOPLE, July
24.— The Ikdam says the
Ports is considering the sub
ject of sending a Turkish force
to China to co-operate with the
powers. The Sultan, the news
paper adds, is greatly affected
by the barbarous acts of tho
Chinese.
aiis" Association, headquarters at Chat
tanooga. Tennessee, asking how many
veterans of the First Washington Regi
ment will volunteer in case of a
declaration of war with China. Captain
McCoy reports that individual expres
sions "are that all will go if the old regi
ment goes.
ADMIRAL KEMPFF
THOUGHT HE WAS SLIGHTED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 24.—
Hung Chang's prediction that
the pending of a relief column to
Peking at this time will result i:i
further atrocities on the part of the
Boxers and an outbreak on the part of
the imperial troops obtains indorsement
from Minister Wu Ting Fang to-night.
In response to my questions he said:
"I fear that the starting of the relief
expedition to Peking by the allied forces
will cause fresh outbreaks by the rebels
and further endanger the lives of the
Ministers now in the' capital city. That
is. I believe this, if the reported interview
with Viceroy LI Hung Chang is correct.
Under such conditions the forwarding of
the army will cause the rebels to believe
that the undertaking is for the purpose
of conquering the people and making the
country a spoil. All of the prejudice
against foreigners will be raised to the
highest pitch and the consequences may
ho very serious."
In relation to his efforts to obtain
further messages from Minister Conger
and to establish a regular line of com
munication between the foreign Ministers
In Peking and the fleet Minister Wu is
very confident, but said to-night that it
was still too early to predict results. At
the same time he intimated that success
miRht be expected in the course of a few
days. *
Minister Wu's Indorsement of the opin
ion of LJ Hung Chang is somewhat at
variance with his previous expressions, a3
he has almost criticized the powers for
not showing greater expedition in getting
troops to the Chinese capital, but his
friends explain this discrepancy by say
ing that he yields to what he considers
superior knowledge of affairs by a man
on the .spot and still clings to the belief
that much anxiety could have been saved
had a sufllcient force been started toward
Peking earlier in the crisis.
FOUGHT LIKE DEMONS
' OVER TIENTSIN LOOT
Copyrighted. 1S00, by the Associated Press.
TIENTSIN, ft p. m., Sunday, July 15, via
Chefu, July 17, and Shanghai, July 24.—
Chinese in the walled city report that the
foreigners in Peking- are living, having
taken shelter in a bomb-proof building.
About 7000 Chinese were engaged in the
battle hero July 11. More are coming
from Peking.
General Isieh was imprisoned because
he opposed making war on the foreigners,
but afterward was released on the con
dition that he fight them. To this he ac
ceded -with lukewarmness. After the
battle he committed suicide.
A large part of the walled city was
burned last night, and to-day the Chinese
held a perfect orgie, plundering, smash
ing houses and fighting like demons over
Stores of silks, furs and Jewelry. Hun
dreds of 'dead Chinamen along the walls,
or women and children killed by shrapnel
are lying among tho smoking ruins.
It is rumored that some correspondents
have, in their dispatches, asserted that
General Dorward thinks Colonel Liscum
blundered in taking the Ninth Regiment
to the right instead of to the left, and
that the feeling is strained between the
Americans and British. The fact is that
the greatest harmony and co-operation
exists. .General Dorward has asked the
names of Americans to report them for
gallantry. The doctors decided to ampu
tate Lieutenant Leonard's arm. All the
wounded are doing well.
RAIN ADVANCE
OF THE RELIEF COLUMN
Special Cable to the Xew Tork Herald. Copy
right, 1900, by New York Herald Company.
Republlcation of this dispatch l£ prohibited.
AH rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.
LONDON, July £5.— The Dally Tele
graph publishes thfe f611owing from Its
special correspondent: / •
"CHEFU. July 17. v/a Shanghai, July
23. — I am proceeding ,wlth Peking relief
column. No immediate advance is pos
sible, however, owing to rains."
BELGIUM MAY SEND
TROOPS TO CHINA
5 BRUSSELS, July 24.— In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day the Minister of For
eign/ Affairs, M. de Fauvreau, read a
telegram from Lieu Kung Yi, Viceroy of
Nanking, declaring that the foreign lega
tions were safe. M. de Fauvreau added:
- "Only a dispatch, however, from the
Belgian Minister in Peking, can calm the
legitimate emotion felt throughout Bel
glum. Meanwhile - the Belgian Govern
ment has given the Belgians in China an
Declares Advance on Peking
Would Be Signal for
a Massacre.
WU INDORSES
LI'S WARNING
JAPANESE WAR SKETCH— A CHARGE AT TAKU.
FROM A PICTURE IN THE TOYO SENSO JITKI. AN ILLUSTRATED MAGaZINE PUBLISHED IN TOKIO,
WHICH IS DEVOTED TO THE WAR IN THE ORIENT AND WHOSE ARTISTS AND CORRESPONDENTS ARE
WTTH THE FORCES I*N CHINA. IT WILL BE REMEMBERED THAT WHILE THE WAR VESSELS WERE
ENGAGING THE SOUTH FORTS ON JUNE 17 BRITISH AND JAPANESE MARINES CHARGED AND CAP
TURED ONE OF THOSE ON THE NORTH SIDE OF THE RIVEfl. IT WAS IN THIS CHARGE THAT COMMAN
DER HATTORI OF THE JAPANESE XAVAL CONTINGENT, WHOSE PICTURE IS GIVEN ABOVE, WAS SHOT
DOWN AT THE HEAD OF HIS MEN ALMOST AT THE MOMENT OF VICTORY.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, July 24.
—Cablegrams received by the War
Department this afternoon an
nounce that the transport Grant,
having General Chaffee and the Sixth
Cavalry on beard, had just been sighted
oft Nagasaki and shouUl arrive in that
port some time during the night.
General MacArthur was notified by the
Secretary of War several days ago to
be sure to have everything i:i readiness
for the Grant, so that in the process of
taking on coal and supplies she would
not be delayed an unnecessary minute
at Nagasaki. If these instructions have
been carried out it is estimated that her
stay in that port will not exceed ten
hours. This would enable her to leave
for Taku, about 800 miles distant, to-mor
row. The run occupies three days and the
Grant phquld arrive there on Friday. On
fiis arrival General Chaffee will at once
hasten to Tientsin to consult with Rear
Admiral Remey.
Very little is said at tne War Depart
ment concerning the possibility that Gen
eral Chaffee may- be selected to head the
allied forces, but it is admitted that both
he and Admiral Remey will urge that the
selection be decided not upon comparative
rank or upon the number of troops any
particular nation may place in the field,
but rather upon the ability as an organ
izer and a campaigner of the man chosen.
It i3 intimated that upon such grounds
there could be found no stronger leader
than General- Chaffee and that this fact
will be strongly hinted to other foreign
representatives.
MANY TROOPS WILL PASS
THROUGH SAN FRANCISCO
ST. PAUL, July 24. — Two companies of
the Eighth Infantry, consisting of 215 of
ficers and men, arrived at Fort Snelling
to-day. The regiment la to be recruited to
its fullest number and will then go to the
Orient.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— Four troops
of cavalry, all that remained at Fort
Meyer, have left for the Far East with
instructions to stop at Nagasaki for or-
ders. They are Troops B and C of the
Third Cavalry, which marched out of the
fort early to-day and left on the train en
route for San Francisco at 9 o'clock, and
Troops H and I of the Third, which left
here last evening. The four troops muster
400 men and are commanded by Major
Kingsbury. The detachment that left last
night is proceeding via Atlanta and will
meet at Chattanooga the troops that went
to-day. They are expected t>> arrive at
San Francisco Sunday or Monday and
wiy leave on the transport Meade about
August 1. The transport Aztec will carrv
the horses and their caretakers. The de
parture of these troops leaves Fort Meyer
practically depopulated. The Fifth Cav
alry, under Colonel William Rafferty. now
stationed in the West Indies, has been or
dered to the fort and will arrive early
next month.
NEW YORK. July M.-Companies I. K
and I, of the Third Battalion of the Fif
teenth United States Irfantry left Gov
ernors Island this morning for the Far
East via San Francisco under command
of Lieutenant Colonel Williams. The sol
diers left Jersey City on the Lehlsh Val
ley road. The battalion will be completed
in Omaha by the addition of Company M
WEST POINT. N. Y.. July 21.— Company
E. Battalion of Engineers, in command of
First Lieutenant Oavanagh. left here to
day for duty in China. Th*>y will embark
on a transport • leaving San Francisco
about August 1.
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 24.— Company II.
Fifteenth Infintry. Captain John Cotter,
left Fort McPherson to-day on a special
train over the Southern Railway for San
Francisco, thence to China.
ORDERED TO REPORT TO
CHAFFEE FOR STAFF DUTY
"WASHINGTON. July 21.— Captain Ben
jamin Johnson, assistant quartermaster.
"United States Volunteers, having tendered
his resignation, has been honorably dis
charged from the service of the United
States. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Oalef,
Third Artillery, now on leave of absence,
has been ordered to proceed at once to
San Francisco for assignment to duty
with the battalion of his regiment under
orders for the Philippines. Captain Georsjo
Montgomery, ordnance department, has
been relieved from duty as inspector of
ordnance at Baltimore and will proceed
to Taku. China, and report to Major Gen
eral Chaffee for duty as ordnance officer
on his staff.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
July 24. — The State Department is understood to have almost posi
tive intelligence that the Russian Government is moving troops
upon Peking- from the north. It is believed to be the purpose of the
Czar to -withdraw from the international alliance when an oppor
tune time arrives and proceed independently in his operations in
China.
happened to the party on the road.
FITTING OUT COLLIERS
WITH MERCHANT CREWS
WASHINGTON. July 24.— The Navy De
j partment is preparing for possible events
arisinsr out of the situation in China. One
of the great difficulties which would con
front the United States in the event of
naval warfare in Chinese waters is the
[ lack of a naval base cloi«e to the scene
of operations. Manila is 2000 miles from
j Taku. while some of the other powers
¦ have bases within striking distance. Enp
j land has a base at Wel-Hai-Wei and a
1 coaling station at Chefu, Russia has tho
'. rava! ba.se at Port Arthur and Germany
' one at Kiachau. Besides, in case, of a
! naval war. the ports of China, which in
j ordinary times are open for the purchase
I of all ordinary supplies and stores, would
! be closed. A fleet of colliers will have to
j be utilized to take out coal for our ships
! nnd to ply back and forth between our
I squadrons and Manila. This plan, how
! ever, has 5ts obstacles, owing to the fact
! that foreign countries have gobbled up
' everything afloat which could be utilized
WASHINGTON. July 2«. — The I
State Department is again in Y
a waiting: attitude regarding
Oiina. It has frankly, prompt
|y and fully answered the Chi- '
rffr- Emperor's appeal for mediation, and :
the correspondence given publicity to
day makes it appear that the next move i
is for the Chinese Government. It is to i
accept or reject our terms at once, ami j
In either ease the answer must convey j
tidings of the state of affairs at Peking
.ind the welfare cf the legationers. The
belief is not concealed here that the
chances for successful mediation are j
flight. Mediation cannot be forced upon
a party to a cause; it must be accept
iible to all the parties. If the I'nited J
States is to mediate in China's interest j
s-he must first secure the assent of all I
the powers which have suffered in life or
property at Peking. The difficulties in !
jhe way of such an undertaking are likely
to be many and serious, in view of the \
exhibition of feeling in Europe; hut it !
Is, said lure that the United States ;
will cheerfully undertake the task pro- j
Tided it* conditions are met. If it does ;
not succeed in Inducing tho European i
powers to be lenient in their treatment !
of tne Government of China, the I'nited '
{¦^at^s Gove rrrrent will not be drawn into
further hostilities after we have taken \
care of our own affairs, but will witn- I
riraw, talcinp carp, however, to let it be j
understood that this Government will not '
p.ilow its proper interests in China to be i
injured by the action of any of the pow- !
ers that may choose to remain obdurate, j
At least one of the great powers is I
under strong suspicion here cf acting
cold-bloodedly End without reg-ard to
sentiment cr anything more tlian the i
rncst material of considerations. It is
believed here that this pewer is quiet
ly taking measures to drop out of the
league at Tientsin anrj conduct a j
campaign en its own acciunt against I
Peking, and it is even sijspected that
this power is already moving troops
toward the Chinese capital.
Ore tact, regarded as now beyond need :
of further demonstration in view of the
Chinese appeal, is that the Chinese olii- j
dais at the coast ports are actually in j
communication with whatever remains of i
the imperial Government at Pekinp. and |
The text #if Kvrans Pu's appeal appears ;
to establish the fact that th- Chinese Gov- i
<*rnment itself Is sanctioning the resist- \
.Tree to the international advance upon i
Peking.
The State Department and the Chinese '
legation substantially agree in the esti- j
mate «f six to eight days as the time nee- '<
epsary to pet a reply to the President's i
answer to the appeal of the Chinese Gov- i
rrnment. According to the best informa- j
Tinn h«»re. urpent messages are beins I
transmitted between Peking and Shanghai !
by the "flylner express.*! mentioned in '>.
<"nm;ul Fowler's cablegram a few days i
a*ro. This, according to the Chinese. Is a j
r^lay system of mounted; messengers sim- i
ilar to^he. old pony service across the j
plains, and is used when the wire com- ¦
muni^ation is inte rruptc <i. Th*» relay rid
en make about 2<iO miles a day. It i? 100 i
miles from Shanghai to Peking, and this
seems to agree very well «vith the sp«=-ed
made in forwarding and returning the !
Conger message.
Assuming from Rheng's dispatch that a j
movement was on foot on the lSth to get
Th" forrlcn Ministers Ftartod from Peking
to Ti^nt?in under escort of imperial troops
the State Department would not be sur
jirised to get definite news of them from
tli«» headquarters of Jhe allied forces in a
t-hort time. The distance from Tientsin to i
Peking Is seventy-five mile?, and at this
peason the trip is usually made by road i
from Peking to Tonfirchoo. a point on th<» j
IViho, twelve miles below the capital, and \
the remainder of the way by boat. This
trip now would take four days, supposing !
the escort of imperial tror-ps met with no :
resistance from the insurgents. If the !
movement from Peking was made- within >
tw^i days after Sheng'a information was
rwcivii it would be possible that the le
pationers and their escort are now in
touch with the headquarters of the allies, I
; -, -. ' .. - ¦-...- -" - ,-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Department Has Evidence
That Russians Are Advancing
on Peking From the North and
Will Withdraw From Alliance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Transport Grant With General
Chaffee Aboard Arrives at
Nagasaki and Is Expected to
Reach Taku on Friday Next.
CZAR BELIEVED TO BE PLAYING A DOUBLE ROLE
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, '.JULY 25, ' 1900.
2
M. FICHON, FRENCH MINISTER AT PEKING.
THIS OFFICIALS LATEST DISPATCHES CONTRADICT THE CHI
NES?: STATEMENTS IX REGARD TO THE SITUATION THERE.
for shipping venal and stores. Germany
and Japan have even impressed steamers.
The result is that at the present tin:*
iO r>t r cent of our Government freight foi
the Orient is now being carried in foreign
boats. Prices have materially advanced.
Freight charges on coal which the Navy
Department "was able to ship to Manila
for J7 a ton now costs Jft, and the price of
coal itself has materially Increase*!.
The department, therefore, practically
would be compelled to rely upon its own
vessels. An a precautionary measure, the
colliers purchased during the Spanish war
which had pone out of commission ar«
being fitted out for service. The water
ship Arethura. which also was purchased
during that war but which was procured
too late for service, is being prepared a*,
the "league Island yard. Owing to the
lack of naval officers available, the col
liers on. the Atlantic coast under orders
for China are being: equipped with mer
chant, crews. Admiral Bradford, chief of
the Bureau of Equipment, to-day recom
mended that the Leonidis and Pompeii,
both at the league Island yard, be fitted
out at once.
Tired!, Weak
This is the condition when the blool
loses Its vitality. Appetite fails beeau*->
food cannot be assimilated. Then tho
strength rapidly declines. Hood's 8arsa-
parilla corrects matters at once — enriches
an* vitalizes the blood, creates an appe-
tite and restores health and vigor. Get a
bottle of Hood's to-day and let it do you
| the same good it is doing others.
Hood's SarsapaHlla
| la America's Greatest Medicine. Price XL
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sar-
{ paparllla.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRITSHFS FOR FREEHS. BAK-
UXlUOllEiOers. bootblack*, bath-
houses, btillard taMe».
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers. eanne-«.
aycrs. flourmllls. foundries. laundries pano.-
hangers. printers, painters. aho« factories. staV
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, ?allors. «tc. '
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramant* Si
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Veo,
731 Market St., San Francisco, jgentleman. "It Is just a family scandal,
which resembles a mystery-"
¦ It Tras suiH>ostd that Mr?. Townsend
had another sister In this city in the per
son of Mrs. Margaret J. Whoeland of 504
First avenue. Mrs. "Wheeland saii3% last
night: "1 am simplv an old friend of Mrs.
Townsend. She often called me 'sister'
when speaking to me, so I suppose that is
how the Idea of a relationship originated.
1 knew she had a daughter and grand
child, but have since learned of the death
of the child. Some years ago I unpacked
a box of books after a change of resi
dence and found ¦ between the leaves of a
volume a. postal card .addressed to Mrs.
Murray, L>orchester, Mass. It was in
Myra's handwriting, and I suppose she
forgot to mail it. Her mysterious hiding
of the fact of her having a daughter ia
due to her aversion to being thought old.
She often called Mrs. Murray Bister, in
order to hide her age. I am a great
grandmother. and often told her how fool
ish she was."
General Shafter's Letter.
In accepting the Invitation to act as
honorary pallbearer Major General W.
R. Shafter sent a letter containing th©
following:
I win be glad to ehcrx ray respect to the
memory of a woman whose uenerous deeds in
behalf of the dietrersed elck soldiers of the
late war have made her name a household word
in our native land by acting as one of the pall
bearers at her funeral.
Among the other people who have ac
cepted the invitation to act as honorary
THE HUSBAUT) WHO WAS DIVORCED AND THE BROTHER
WHO "WAS ESTRANGED FOB THIRTY YEARS.
pallbearers are General R. H. Warfleld.
who -will represent the Second Brigade,
National Guard; Colonel F. E. Beck of
the Anglo-Oalifornian Bank, a member of
the Governor's staff, representing the
chief executive; Stephen V. Costello,
grand marshal of the .Native Sons, repre
senting that organization; Martin
J. Burke, senior member of. the firm of
Madison & Burke, which transacted all of
Mrs. Townsend's reaj estate business:
Cyrus "W. Carmanv of the Savings and
I^oan Society, and \\*Uliam Broderlck, er«
Auditor of San Francisco.
Hon. Julius Kohn, Congressman from
the Fourth District, will also act as a
pallbearer. He ¦was a great admirer oi
Mrs. Townsend and aided her materially
In the good work she did In behalf of the
soldiers.
The Pallbearers.
The actual pallbearers at the funeral
will be members of. the San Francisco
Fire Department and soldiers. The Knick
erbocker Quartet will render appropriate
hymns during- the services in the house
and at the grave. Rev. Bosford Leavltt,
pastor of the First Unitarian Church, will
officiate and will preach the funeral ser
mon. It was the expressed wish of Mrs.
Townsend that the funeral be private.
But for this fact hundreds would have
followed her remains to the grave. Va
rious military and fraternal organizations
of this city volunteered to send delega
tions to attend the funeral, but their kind
offers were courteously declined. Mrs.
Townsend'a body will be enveloped In the
flag presented to her by the executive
committee upon the return of the First
California Volunteers.
Ylng, the Chinese sen-ant of the de
ceased, is greatly grieved over her de
mise. He had been employed by her for
many years and was her trusted servant.
It is his intention to attend the funeral.
A number of magnificent floral of
ferings were received last night. They
were tokens of high esteem from or
ganizations which appreciated the good
work Mrs. Townsend , did dur
ing her lifetime. The Army and
Navy Parlor. N. S. G. W.. sent a shield
of ferns, violets and sweet peas woven
into the American colors. In the center
of the piece were the words printed in
violets, "A Soldier's Friend." The Asso
ciation of Theatrical Managers sent a
wheel, which rests on an easel. It is made
of orchids and palms and is emblematic
of patriotism. .
Beautiful Floral Offerings.
The First Tennessee Regiment. IT. S. V..
Is represented by a beautiful floral shield.
The chiefs of the San Francisco Fire De
rartment. having In mind the noble work
Mrs. Townsend did in behalf of John Ed
ward Sweeney, the heroic fireman who j
met death in the discharge of duty, sent
a loving cup which stands six feet high.
It is composed of American beauty roses,
orchids, dainty and rare ferns, white roses
and lllies-of-the-valley. The First Cali
fornia Regiment, N. G. C, la represented
by a shield. A great many more floral
pieces will be received this morning. Mrs.
Murray and ili-ss Xellle Rattigan, the
daughter and confidential companion of
deceased, also have ordered beautiful
pieces.
The Theatrical Managers' Association
yesterday Instructed the Shanahan Florist
Company of 107 Powell street to prepare
the linest lloral piece San Francisco hot
houses could supply as a tribute from the
managers to the memory of the late Mrs.
A. S. Townsend. It will probably be the
handsomest token of regard laid on the
coffin of the "soldiers' friend."
Her Many Charitable Deeds.
As is well known the dead woman was
noted for her charitable deeds. During
the late war her purse was ever open to.
the needs of the soldiers who passed
through this city on their way to the
Philippines. She was constantly In their
midst and saw that the volunteers were
given comforts which the Government
found it impossible to provide at that
time. "When the First Tennessee Regi
ment marched up Market street In dilapi
dated uniforms and bore evidence of be
ing Illy provided for her generous heart
went out to them. • She visited their camp
and saw that their needs were supplied.
They looked upon her as their guardian
angel and in return for her many kind
nesses presented her with_a beautiful sil
ver loving cup. .
Many Beneficiaries.
There are hundreds of people In this dty
and in the Bast who will learn with re
pret of the death of Mrs. Townsend.
Many of them owe her their gratitude for
aiding them In their studies or in securing
the necessaries of life. Their names will
never be known, because the generous
woman, out of delicacy to the feelings of
the beneficiaries, worked quietly and un
ostentatiously. There are young men
studying in military schools who are on
the road to honorable careers who owe a
debt of gratitude to her goodness of heart.
She has aided artists in their profession
and has contributed hundreds of dollars
to further their alms in life. She would
often read In tho newspapers of a poor
family and -would quietly visit the place
they called home, and leaxnlng of their
needs, open her purse to supply them.
She has been known to have opened
boarding-houses for deserving women.
She has on more than two occasions
bought houses and furnished them so that
the widow of some brave soldier could
rent rooms and thus support herself. At
the benefit entertainment given to aid the
widow of Fireman Sweeney she bought 400
seats and brought as many convalescent
soldiers to the theater ns her guests.
It was often her practice to pick up a
rapped newsboy on th> street, take him to
a clothier's and fit ht^; out from head to
foot with new raiment, and then learn
where he lived and brln? a ray of sun
shine Into some hovel. Her acts of kind
ness have made her famous among the
poor. The latter looked upon her as ain
angel of goodness, and tears of sorrow
were shed when the tidings of her death
were published In the dally press.
RELATIVES IN THE EAST
KNEW MRS. ELLA MURRAY
NEW YORK, July 24,-Mrs. A. S.
Townsend left this State about twenty
years ago and was reputed to be worth
a great deal of money. John S. Murray
was In the employ of the Wakefleld Rat
tan Company and four years ago, after
about thirty years of service, he resigned
his position and opened an office of his
own In the Equitable building. Later he
became Interested with Alexander Hill in
the manufacture of mattresses, but was
not very successful. /
Mr. and Mrs. Murray made several
visits to Mrs. Townsend on the Pacnlc
Coast during: the past two or three years.
In January of last year Mr. Murray died
suddenly. Their daughter Mabel died
about six months ago.
When the Call correspondent called at
the home of Mrs. Ella N\ Quick. 219 Ber
gen street, Brooklyn, to-night, Mrs.
Quick was not aware that her sister,
Mrs. A. S. Townsend. was dead.
"Yes, my sister was Mrs. A. S. Town
send," she said, "and she has an only
child, Mrs. Ella F. Murray, widow or J.
F. Murray, late cashier of the Waketleld
Rattan Company. My niece. Mrs. Mur
rav, is a woman of about 45 years of aze.
weighing about HO pounds, short and full
habited, hair of auburn color, and always
well dressed. She visited me in Brook
lyn about three years ago. I understand
she is now irr San Francisco "
J. S. Quick, husband of Mrs. Ella Quick,
Fald later that his wife had three other
sisters— Mra. Anna Foreholm of 639 Lex
ington avenue, corner Fifty-fourth street.
Manhattan; Mrs. Charles C. Bradford of
43 Chelsea street. East Boston, and Mrs.
Alonzo Qulmby of Chelmsford street, Lo
well, Mass. It was some months, he said,
since the family had heard from Mrs.
Townsend and from Mrs. Murray, her
daughter.
Mrs. Forsholm first learned of
her sister's death when The Call cor
respondent told her that Mrs. Ella Fran
ces Murray had laid claim to Mrs. Town
send's estate. When Mrs. '"orsholm ana
her daughters had recovt.^U from the
shock that followed the news. Mrs. For
sholm said that it was true that Mrs.
Murray was Mrs. Townsend's only child.
This was after Mr3. Forsholm said she
was loth to believe that her sister was
dead.
"It was onry this mornlns." she said,
"that I received from my brother-in-law,
Charles C. Bradford, of 43 Chelsea street.
East Boston. Mass., who hus charge -of
Mrs. Townsend's estate, a postal card
saying my sister had -written that tv.l.t
was there and stopping at a hotel. It was
also said that Mrs. Townsend or Mrs.
Murray, I could not tell which, was dis
pleased at the wny she had been treated
by her relatives."
Mrs. Murray lives at 2T Greenbrtar
street. Dorchester. Mass.. where her only
child. Mabel. 27 years old. died on April
30. Mrs. Murray left for San Francisco
about four weeks ago.
Mrs. Townsend was a Miss Coburn. her
family living In Lowell. Mas.". She has a
brother. Joseph, now living In San Fran
cisco, and a nephew, Ira W. Coburn, of
31$ Bush street, a prominent builder.
Mr. Bradford. In East Boston. ha3 seven
or eight bank books belonging to the dead
woman and all represent good sized depos
its'.
GENERAL WHXTAM B. SHATTER will act as hon
jj^Drary pallbearer at the funeral of Mrs. Townsend, which will
be held to-day from her late residence, 1221 California
street. General R. H. Warfleld will represent the National Guard,
Colonel F. £. Beck the chief executive of the State, while other
-well-known merchants and professional men -will follow her body
to the grave. She will be enveloped In the flag presented to her by
the executive committee which arranged the reception to the re
turning California Volunteers. The Rev. Bosford I*eavitt, pastor
of the First Unitarian Church, will conduct the funeral services at
the residence and at the grave. The Knickerbocker Quartet will
render appropriate music during the services.
The floral offerings sent as marks of respect to the dead
woman are both beautiful and numerous. The Chief of the Fire
Department and his assistants ssnt a magnificent loving cup six
feet in height. The Army and Navy Union, the National Guard and
the First Tennessee Begiment, TJ. S. V., are represented by shields,
while the Associated Theatrical Managers sent a costly wheel sur
mounted by palms of victory, emblematic of patriotism. Mrs.
Murray, the daughter of deceased, is in receipt of numerous letters
and telegTams of condolence.
FUNERAL ARRANGEMENTS.
THE mystery following the sudden
death cf Mr?. Almira S. Townsend
Is be!r.ff dispelled, and while there
Is still much to explain evidence
that Mrs. Ella F. Murray, now in
pcfsession cf the Townsend home on Cal
ifornia street, is the daughter of the dead
Trocan is coming to the surface.
Thomas T. Towr.ser.d, the former hus
tzz.6. of the deceased, who says he is the
father of her only child, declares that
the lady calling- herself Ella F. Murray
Is ¦what Biie represents herself to be, the
daughter of the dead philanthropist.
Dispatches from Mrs. Ella X. Quick of
i.13 Berlin etxeet, Brooklyn, and Mrs.
Ann* Forsholm cf €39 Lexington avenue.
New York, both sisters *>f the late Mrs.
Town&end. corroborate Mrs. Murray's
claim. The records in Dorchester show
that Miss Ella F. Townsend of Jjowell,
aged 22, and John S. Murray cf Dor
chester, aged 24, werd named at Dor
chester on September 7, 1S71, and that the
parents of Miss Townsend wero Thomas
T. Towr-send and Almira S. Townsend.
iluch of the mystery that originally at
ta*;heu itself to Mrs. Murray was of her
own making. She installed herself In the
dead woman's home behind barred an'l
bolted coors; she had this same home
g-jard^a by the police and refused ad
aiittance to ail who called to pay their iast
respects to the memory of the much es
teemed laiiy who had passed away. Mrs.
Hurray now explains this freely, giv
tog Information that she previously so
zc-aiouFly guarded. lure. Townsend's sud
oe- death was &. great shock to her. tslic
\\£ls auoati in the nouee of deatii save lcr
the couii.an;ou:-::ip of Miss Neilie lia-tti
i^a:i, oiid tli«j was nervous and unstrung,
r j:i::er than that £he now explains that
her liew surroundings and position awed
iier itiid thai being unaccustomed to meet
ir.g people slie sought to conceal her cni-
Larra-ssinent with n-Uccnce.
To-unsend. Adds to Mystery.
I>ut Just as soon as one mystery Is
apparently cleared up another one de
velops. New it is Townsend, whose identi
ty and whereabouts were revealei by The
K-2.il J««l«n1ljr morning, who casts a mys
terious glamour over U-Efairs. The husband
oi the «2cu.d woman clothes his ut
terances in mystery. There is some
••matter' that Mr. T^wnsc-nd has seen fit
to cons=u!t an aitornev ttbout, but what
tiiat rnitter is Townwnd wlM not etaie.
U the home of his present wife's sister,
Mrs. Matthews, 831 itne street, he last
;;:cx;t contented to see a representative
of The Oi.il. The old gentleman would not
?peai for himself, but a polished young
man, who Bald "Call me McGregor," gave
out a statement for publication.
••Mr. Towrsend has been to see his at
toniev," said Air. TownffiiJn mouthpiece,
while" he v.ect through the process of
visaing his hands with invisible soap
iiiid water, "and he has placed the matter
ta fcis liiLZxds. Perhaps in two or three
<ia.ys he may consent and make the matter
public. Should he do so he will refer you
to his attorney, who may give you the
ii-.formatJon you desire."
V.Trat tike •"matter" was neither Town-
Fend nor the man who epoke for him
weald say. Only once did the first named
open his mouth and then it was to eay
tn*t KUa. V. Murray, now in possession
,-».! the Townsend home, was ¦what she rep
resented herself to be — the daughter of
tiff .'-•-¦.- woman and himself.
Divorced Once Here.
Thomas T. Towr.s>en*i has been a resi
dent of this city since September 27. 1S76.
lie Is a. brother of William S. Townsend.
the candy man.
Brother Appears on Scene.
Since Ills residence here Townsend has
t>e<?3 once divorced and once maxrled. On
November 11, U0Q, Mrs. Almira S. Town
send was divorce-i from Thomas T. Town
eend. The decree was gmnted In the
Cambridge court and the jrround was de
sertion. On September Z~ Townsend came
to this city with a new wife, Mrs. Hen
rietta B. IL 7.»wn?end. to whom he had
bc«en married in New York City on Jan
uary £3. lz~4. On ila.y 4. JSxO, in this city.
Sirs. Henrietta B. M. Tov.-nsend brought
suit for divorce from Thotnaj T. Town
tend on the ground of extreme cruelty.
In her complaint she set forth that on
I>ecemb«r 3. lt.73. in the Townsend candy
etore, 1152 Market street, the defendant
Strode plaintiff on the h<*ad. knocked her
down asd beat her so cruelly that marks
of 6tich treatment remained on her body
'or a long time. After the divorce from
Henrietta Townsend remained single until
January 2*- 1&3, when he married Miss
Josepiiine McGregor, his present wife.
The present residence of Townsend and
his wite is in a neat little three-room Hat
on Thirteenth and Noe streets.
The doors of the dead philanthropists'^
once hospitable home were ag~ain closed
vestcrdav to all who asked admittatnee.
bne of the visitors who was refused ad
mittance was Joseph Wilson Coburn. a
brother of the deceased. lie sent word to
airs, ilurray that her "Uncle Jo" wished
to see her. But to him, like to the other
callers, came back the stereotyped reply,
"Mrs. Murray regTets, but eh» cannot
see anybody."
Coburn was rather disgruntled at being
refused admission to his dead sister's
home, and BOasbt the assistance of At
torney Hugo K. Asher. •who called on
Judge Bahrs and requested the court to
Issue an order compelling Mrs. Murray to
admit Coburn to the late home of the de
cea.sed that he might view the body. Mr.
Asher K ald that he represented Mr. Co
burn, who was desirous of viewing the
dead, but that Mrs. Murray had barred
the doors and stubbornly refused to ad
mit h!m. Judffe Uaiirs said that he did
not feel at liberty to make the order, but
was of opinion That the firm of Sullivan
& Sullivan, who represent Mrs. Murray,
could arrancre the matter amicably.
Judge Sullivan when appealed to in the
matter explained that It was Impossible
for Mrs. Murray to know whether Co
burn was what he represented himself to
be — the brother of her dead mother. Co
burn, however, received through Sullivan
an Invitation to attend the funeral of his;
F.lster, which takfs p!3ce this afternoon,
the hour not having been publicly an
nounced.
Coburn Is Puzzled.
v
Cotmrn could not understand why he
was denied admission to his dead sistf?r>
late home. Vhr-n seen last evening at
230S*£ Powell street, where he resides, he
ta5d:
"I cannot understand why Ella should
refuse to ellow me to view the remains of
ei?ter. Sh« knows very \rell who 1
%r.i. When she was 16 years eld I placed
Her in the Sisters of Mercy Convent in
the cJty of Xew Tork. There is no mys
tery ai>out the affair," concluded the old
4yfB&. EEXA F. MTTRILAY seems to have established her claim
JAfis daughter of Urs. Almira S. Townsend. Eastern dispatches
torroborate her claims to relationship to the "dead woman and
Thomas T. Townsend, the former husband of Urs. Townsend, ac
kno-cledg^s sh© -wus their daughter. Mr. Townsend, however, con
siders he has a grievance and has consulted his attorney, though
he refuses to make public his cause.
The house of death continued closed all day yesterday to rela
ti-res and friends alike- The many Eastern connections of the
dead philanthropist received the first news of her sudden demise
frcin The Call's correspondents.
Joseph Wilson Coburn, a brother of Urs. Townsend, -who has
been a resident of this city for some years, made his presence
known yesterday. He sent Mrs. Murray word that "Uncle Joe"
wished to see her, but was denied admittance.
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE CASE.
Joseph Coburn, Brother of the Dead Woman, Pre
sents Himself and Is Summarily Denied
Admission to the House.
On Tod of the Discovery of the Former Helpmeet of Mrs. Tbwnsend Her Lon£-Lost Brother
_____ Puts in an Appearance on the Scene of Mourning. .
Divorced Husband Believes Me Has a Grievance
and Consults His Attorney— Hour of
Funeral Jvfot Announced.
AFTER YEARS OF SEPARATION TOWNSEND
ADMITS THAT MRS. MURRAY IS HIS DAUGHTER
Peterson Trial Continued.
Tft*e Union 'Park Coursing Association
has continued the hearing of the charges
against C. O. Peterson, owner of the "In
and out" dog. Silver Cloud. Further In
vestigation of the charge that Silver
Cloud's habit of disappointing experts on
form was due to the manipulations of
the owner will be made next week. In
the meantime the matter will remain In
statu quo, but additional evidence on both
sides of the controversy will be sought
ponding the next meeting of the associa
tion.
Wills Filed Yesterday.
The will of Horace F. Cutter, who died
July 13, leaving an estate valued at $25,
000, was filed for probate yesterday. Col
onel Charles A. Coolldge, the only known
heir of the deceased, is not mentioned in
the will, the entire estate being devised
to William B. Bourne, a friend, who re
sides in this city.
By the terms of the will of the late Bd
ward Hugnes, who died In Alaska April 6,
an estate valued at $10,000 Is devised to
Euppresenia and Alexandria Popoff of St.
Paul, Alaska-
Death. Claims Mrs. Corbett.
Mrs. Carrie Corbett, wife of the well
known sporting man Harry E. Corbett,
died last nierht at her home, 725 Hayes
street, after a Ions term of invalidism.
The news of Mrs. Corbett's death will
come as a shock to her many friends in
this dtV and the East. While Mrs. Cor
bett has been ailing- for some time, no im
molate danger was anticipated. When,
about a year ago, her health first began
to fail, she was tken East fn the hope
that the change of climate would prove
beneficial. It was found necessary, how
ever, for her to return to California,
where she had not been very long when
death came. The deceased was a native
of Massachusetts. She leaves one child,
a daughter.
Despite the valiant efforts put forth
by 10 o'clock the entire block in which
the fire started was reduced to ashes and
at this writing the power-house, which is
still useless so far as rendering assist
ance in the present distress is concerned,
is doomed. The losses so far are:
J. W. Dorrington, Daniel OJToole, Mrs.
Jennie Meade, James Milton. Althee Mo
desti, E. E. Sangulnetti, Gllroy"& Mo
rettl, Yuma Water and Light Company. .
The Ios3 will foot uj> over $30,000.*;' f
Company was dry and there was no wa
ter with which to prime the company's
big centrifugal pumps. The Fire Depart
ment was rendered almost helpless.
YUMA, Ariz.. July 24.-Yuraa Is to-night
being swept by the third disastrous fire
within a year and a half, and It may
prove the most serious calamity the town
has ever experienced, aside from the fa
mous flood of 1S91.
Owing to a break Jn the main the biff
reservoir of the Yuma Water and Light
The fire started about 9:15 p. m. In
Riley's cash store, a small wooden struc
ture of the flimsiest character, and In a
few moments the flames had spread to
the Reception, a saloon owned by Mrs.
Jennie Meade, on the north, and to the
Arizona Sentinel, a newspaper owned by
John W. Dorrlngton, on the south.
Owing to a Break in the Main the Big Reservoir
of the Water Company Is Empty and the -
Fire Fighters Are Absolutely Helpless.
FLAMES SWEEPING OVER YUMA
AND THE TOWN MAY BE DESTROYED
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
GRANT MANY LICENSES
Case of Sergeant Price Put Over
Pending City Attorney's
Opinion.
The Police Commissioners at their reg
•Jlar meeting held last night granted 269
renewals of liquor licenses and also is
?ued 37 new licenses to second-hand deal
ers; Junk men's applications to the num
ber of 10 were favorably considered.
The charge of being drunk on duty pre
ferred against Policeman James Mo
Oovern was dismissed. Policeman Bag
ley was granted six months' leave of ab
sence In order that he might take a sick
brother to Europe. The case of Sergeant
Price did not come up as the City At
torney, was not yet ready with his opin
ion. That official announces, however,
that at next Tuesday's meeting he will
be able to present the necessary docu
ment.
The "Golden Bfll" Faloon at 1077 Market
street, which was pranted a license on
condition that its side entrance be abol
ished, was ordered closed. The resort has
r.ot complied with the ordinance and Its
owner must appear before the next meet
ing to show cyuse therefor.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 190Q.
3
lA?:@ 'Remodeling Sale. » H:*-E
&j * ' *«* e$sq pS* •* • • nKf
pV| Our remodeling sale gives you the m*m
Wm chance to P a y about one=half of i£i
i&vi what you are used to paying for ff??i
?0m your clothes «£ 1^1
Wim There are reductions in every de= i%8
p|i partment =— some one -half, some l^i
l^H one=third <# . *g <j$ i^S
I&ll e wan * *° apologize to you for the l^ilj
i|?:i racket you will encounter while buy- g(vi;fg
p?vi ing here now=-=our carpenters are m$m
jpf£|| noisy people. iSB
i?iSH. flade-to-order suits which cost you $13.50 8:-£:l
W&M an d 5i5.oo a short time ago are now made Si£ : f§
s^ B or io ° o - %*.%*-%*•%***%« B-^-'S
Pi$i Ready-made suits: Blue serges which sold iSJi
§^@ f° r $ I2 *5° a °d $15.00 can now be had for 8'^B
W0Si $6.85. & Ten-dollar cheviots are going B^S
|| r S;Jl at $5.25 v« ** Fancy cheviots, value $15.00, 8^8
ip'jJl are reduced to $8.45. oe oe oe «* **e Bi;J-§
W^M Boys' suits, formerly $2.65 and $2.85, are i^ : @
|f£-|| now sold for $1.70. v* >*x <m Fedoras and §1 }:jM
H;£$:B Graecos, all colors, 90c. .j* Silk front golf 1:^1
I $''M shirts, worth $100, present price 60c. ** c* B^B
EiSffi* • ¦ • ?".\?i _«^^^^™"(ifl ™ m T0»fl Vnu tflw Bfj SSp 99*1 IhB Ob On ¦ fc4f kJ a itfw • >" y :
*7Sa *•*•?•- 3 VL Tm B wl HH bbSV M RSr w9 fin S mS JR h I Ea tbm mx • * * 5c>INDIANAlVJt.lS. J:::y U.-Tl\* onti-«~i
j»er sttstio evimn-.ittoe and th« <3o}J Detao<
cratic ci>mm;t!ce win meet tn conference
here t'>-rartrrow afirrnix»n. The Jrrt'oa
tlo:» tO-dtfttt are not favarahle ti> fusion.
i ThSa af!era<v-n tho ctusaUttee hold nn
Ir.f.^nsal session and met later In the
evenlns. An Invitation from P^-retary
JoJ.n l\ Frrr.Kel of the National ij-edd
iVmoorat* to tttetM a pesstii-, >f the G\>!d
IVn'.ocrats was "accepted." it wa* d^»
cSvlrJ that the oviisfererre should take
place ot « p. rn.. «ad that John Jav Cap
man. Thomas Osborr.e and Kverttt tt. Al»
bott. all Of New York, should present the
pr^posltSan «>f firsiun and argument f*\\ir*
ins the same an«l the pUHni? cf the t?:tr4
r.*t!v-nal ticket in the fleM. As otttltaed.
the artrament will inveigh heavnJy agalv.st
the policy ,-f rxpKB*}oa that has marked
the itepubHcan a.itr^r.:s:n»is«n «xf public
eSTsir* durtrjr tho ;i«st four >ears ar.d «:
tark with equal »tr*r.jrth the free o^Snage
cf Mjver *# expressed in the tnor.ey plank
Bf :Jie Karfii City platform.
To-nlrtt Mit srvea States were repre
sented >y ICaltoBal IV!r:o<r*tic Coratnlt
teensen. «s follovrs: < x h:o. T. P, I.ynn;
N«« York. Oharle* Tracey; ifiohican,
Tho-ma* A. Ws'.s.>n: NVw Hasr.;->»hlre. Gor
men W<wdi»urn: Oelora.iv>. I.ouls R. Eh
xich: Missouri. H. F. Ken*
INPIANAPOLIS. July t^^-Coraolttee*
kax-e bera arrolr.t«d to arraRpe far th«
COttScatlon cf the Desspcrattc rational
»rrs!nee* en v-.- — .; t. if tt 1* agreeable
tc the car.i!!«Satft» and Chairman Jor.es.
the notlacattoa c\crrt*es will be hcid at
EM.BASSADOR DRAPER RESIGNS.
Drsircs to Give All His Attention to
His Private Business.
WORCESTER, Mass.. July U.— The Ga
aette has a speoS.nl from its Milfonl corre
spondent ar.n.".:rcir.sr that General W. F.
I>raper of Milford has sent to Washing
ten his letter of ros!j:r.it!o.n of Embassy
dor cf the I'nited States to Italy. The
reason glvon is r.fcessutj- of attention to
his private business.
Postal Rates to China.
WASHINGTON. JWy SI.— The Pop toffic* j
Per*n:r.cr.t will issue an crder in a day or |
two extenfilror the privl'.ese of domestic
rates of postage to Ualted States soldiers
5<rv:nff ia China. j
YELLOW FEVEB REPORTED.
Dread Disease Exists Among Troops
Stationed at Pinar del Bio.
WASHINGTON, July ;«.— A dispatch
hns been received at the War Department
from Havana which say* that General
Lee has obtained Information from Pinar
deJ Rio that nine deaths there last month
reported as p? raiclo'js malaria are now
beJeved to have been yellow fever. Gen
erAl Lee reports that yellow fever exists
amcrx the troops.
Maps of the Costa Rican Border Line
Sig-ned in the Presence of a
Larfre Company.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua; July !«.— Amid
groat military, civil and religious pomp,
the Nicaragua and Costa Rica Govern
ment eKjrineera ar.d General E. P. Alexan
der of South Carolina, arbitrator of the
boundary dispute between Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, appointed by President Cleve
land. y!gned to-day in Congress Hall, tn
the presence of a large and distinguished
company, tho maps delimiting the boun
dary recently ncreed upon. This- cere
nn>Kv terminated a dispute which ha?
often threatened war between the two
governments during the lest forty years.
This evening lh-esldont Zelaya gave a
banquet nt the Hotel Italia to the arbi
trator and to the engineers.
NICARAGUAN BOUNDARY
DISPUTE SETTLED
Smallpox at Nome Under Control.
PORT TOWXSEND. Wa«h., July 24.—
The revenue cutter Slanninff'B officers re
port that Nome City is under the control
Of the local police and army. The city la
being patrolled principally by Boldiera.
Smallpox at the time of sailing. July 8.
¦was considered to be under complete con
trol, there being: only eighteen or twenty
cR^es. and they had been Isolated and no
new cases resorted.
Long Beach Chautauqua Assembly.
LONG BEACH. July 24.— At the Chau
tauqua assembly to-day the "Child
Study" hour was one of much interest.
Miss Xlary F. Shaefer treated of methods
by which mothers may enjoy with their
children the Ptudy of literature, history
and other subjects, thus keepiris up an
atmosphere cf elevated thought in the
home.
... ¦ •
Coast Brevities.
SAN JOSE, July It— The j«S!e* are conduct
las a raid ca bicyclists irho insist en rJd'rg
their wheels on the eh*«"<ra!ks oortrary to the
city ordinance. Sine* Saturday thirty hav
beea arrested and paid £aes nisning from $3
to |10.
SAXTA CRCZ Jslly 14.— Dwight Tcunglove,
aa.oM «o!<il*r. cleA at his hcae ia tbis city.
He w»s 61 years of as* an<i a native of Mas-
Nifhuy-etvs. He was a r.KBbfr Of th* Od-3 Fel
lv>»» and of tb« Grand Anny of th* RepubUc
SAXTA CRl-2; Jali- t*.— The r>e!ta Iota Chi
has f.ra«h€-J the work cf its conclave ani
elected the following: offt<rers for the eeialre
year: Grasd rre*li«ist. Miss Eva. Glean c{
Freroo; corrf»poadlsgr secretArj-. Miss EdTui
Wam*r of Fre*ao: reeoriSing secretary. Miss.
L. Grt« Farley of Fr-*i3e; l=sr«tre»s. M!»»
Grmoe VCasklrj of Portland. Or.; editor, iiiss
can* WaHflr.a of l-» AEtelea.
Papers Filed by the Burlington and
Quincy Indicate That This Is
Their Purpose.
DEXVER. July 24.— A special to the Re
publican from Sterling. Colrt.. «ays: From
action taken in this city to-day, :t ap
pears that the Chicago, Burlington *.
Quincy Railway Company contemplates
entering the railroad Held of Alaska.
In February last articles of Incorpora
tion vrere filed with the County Clerk of
this county for a railroad from this city
to Akron, Colo., to be known as the Ak
ron. Sterling & Northern. These papers
bore the signatures of official? of the Bur-
Hntrtem. To-day an amendment to these
articles was filed, permitting the build-
Ir.s of a line from the head of Valdcs Bay
In Alaska to Kevsione Canyon, tho.r,ce
through Dutch Valley to Thompson Pass,
Police in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 2« —At a meetinR
cf the Police Commission to-day the Chief
of Police, iras instructed to notify the
prcprietcrs of all saloons and restaurants
that boxes, private rooms, booths and
stalls must he removed before September
1. the penalty for fa'lure to comply with
Ujc Iaw betas a revocation of Uceasa.
WILL PROBABLY BUILD
A RAILWAY IN ALASKA
Driven -Prom Their Position on the
Sclous River After a Sharp
Encrafreraent.
T/^NIX">X. July S,~A now element has
rr.torovl into the South African carr.paijm
with tho receipt of r.ew-s that General
I'arrirKton. wu!i his Rhodesiah forces.
has had his first f!j;ht. attacklnj; the
Boers and enrryirsr their position on tho
j5<-!ous River on Uoadaj 1 after r sharp on-
S.ic«ncnt. Ocreral t'arrir.pton lost four
KiUod ar.d nineteen ¦wour.tled.
NEW COMET DISCOVERED
Stranger Is Moving in the Constella
tion of Aries.
(U'.NKVA. N. Y.. July T4 — IVofepsor W.
Iv. Drooks, director cf tho Smith Observ
atory, discovered a noxr comet this rnorn
tnir in the «astorn heaven*. Its position
at discovery. J-.sly $£ thirteen hours, «mt
ripht s^cenpion 2 hours it rain. 40 see.,
docJlr.aticn north U desreea 30> minutes,
wjth northerly njotmn. Tho enmet !s In
the constellation «>r Aries, has a brisri.t
fteS'.ar nuc!c\» and a brv>ad tail. This is
the tweniy-stvor.d comet disco\-ered by
l>r. Brook*.
BOERS ATTACKED BY
CARRINGTON'S FORCES
anti-imperial!sts and
GOLD DEMOCRATS TO CONFER
Locate Oil Lands as Placer Claims
LOS ANGELES. July 24.— Scrlpper.i are
crowding the land office In thiH city filing
upon oil lands located as placer clalmu
The territory mciPt afTectr-d is land* Jn
Ventura and Lo« Angfi*-* co«ntl«»»«. in the
Sospe, Santa Paula and Newhall rllstricta.
All of the filings made are »>ent. nndor
the recent decision of Circuit Ju'lfce i;. M.
Ross, to the Land Office at Washington
without recomm?n'!atinn.
WACO. Tex . J'.:!y Ti— Tho Populist
F:..;«- Convention to-night nominated :»
foil State ticket. The platform follow*
lh« m!Jdlo-«Mho-!o»i,i policy, oj>p*baea fu
sten and niakes n^ tru'tition of Hryan. it
oitr's not contain any reference to" itrrx'r
1*!'?=:^ or expansion, a resolution to om
bodjr the^e questions In the platform was
> -«J down. Tht> foilowtng resolution
¦w:;« adr>pJ«Hl ur.anlmo-.jsly:
¦W1i»rr«ii r«rt e\r«'ri<nw* h«j {-r.-\en thst the
IVCKUtst plattems »re t»rci-t:ns to Dcaocratlc
lv t .l!l<-Ur'.*; N» tt tt»r<". rr
lti>*r}«vd. TTiiX «h^ ohairrrsmn t>? thr e\e*r\in\T
r-^rtvrr.itter- »»• hmrby tn*trurt«sj t., h a \r Ibc
JVrtsllM j !»ttrim« coprrlcttcd t^fort the iv-no
cratie eeovcttttOR, \;:r.:»t *-
The Siate ticket nominated ts= headed
*•> J*rome C Klrbr ot l>ai!as Couatr for
0->\crnor.
POPULISTS WILL HAVE
PLATFORM COPYRIGHTED
SCALDED TO DEATH BY
EXPLOSION ON A YACHT
Three Young Cliildren Lose Their
Lives, and* Three Persons Are
Badly Injured.
SVRACVSE. N, T.. July 24.— Through
the explosion of a steam tube connecting
with the boiler in the steam yacht Trilby,
owned anil commanded by Fred I* Spink
of Scriba. three young children lost their
lives, another wds frightfully scalded and
three people were more or less burned
this afternoon. The dead:
MISS IVA BP1NK. !» years old.
MISS GLADYS SPINK, 7 years old.
KERN SPIXK. 2 vears old.
The injured: Captain Fred Spink. left
arm and hand scalded; Mrs. Fred Spink.
scalded about the legs ni.d abdomen.
Harold Spink, sped * ytar*. frightfully
burned nil over the body; Mrs. Jay Kel
sey, slightly scalded from the knees
down, liarold SpinU's life Is despaired of,
but the others injured will recover.
The Trilby was about to pass through a
lock near "the city when without the
slightest warning a flue In the upper row
of boiler tubes loosened and the scalding
steam forced open the door of the tire
box, and carrying hot coai and ashes
with It flew ail over the pnpsenpers.
The children were wrapped In blankets
Bnd taken to a hospital. Iva and Gladys
Spink died almost simultaneously at 7
o'clock, and th« death cf Fern followed a
few hours later. At midnight the boy
Harold was said to be dying.
POUT SCOTT, Kans,. July 24. -Tho foat
v:u< <>f to-d;i>'» proceedings In the Popu
llBt-DesMeratld anJ Ktm tsiivt-r Elepubll
ran cnin ••nitons, whloh m«»t hi-re in d!f
fi-ivni hulls t>» noniln.ito 8tat<> tlckots >t
effect a fusion In ihe interests of n slngla
t].K«'t. was t fir turuiUK down «'f the Sena*
torlal a^^'!r.•iti.•Ils <>r J.rry Simpson by the
I'.-puiis 1 , convection. Tho ex-Cotiffre*s«
man deairM) to kv> before tho next l<-k!s
3a:sir«». in ilie event «>f a ri>j>T;U^t or fttsloa
sncfw «« t»u- polls, with Um tli-tlnlto in
donement ot Um convention f>T tho
ufttoe of inltoti Btatct Ben^tor,
His !n>t Vi^!:t «-am«* l»«-f<<««« tho oomrnlt
i.. .!i n:!c> atui order ot bu«lne«». and
there he waa tuccemfuW for the commit*
too roachod h nil" brlnntnK the question of
Befiatorial Indorsemeni l>«-t«'re tne conven
lian. In ! h»- roinrmlon iture was cmisld
embls «ippw»-ltUin lo this «J«*p*»nur« frtun
Custom, and in lh« !:«.a nf diMUM«lon -Mr.
Blmjuoo look thv fli»or and urced his own
c-anolilacy. !;<• was Imtor In tlrnuntl.it ion
of («v>;n<* .'f his Bpponrnls. muktnt: cliarsop
o] txv-sisni. ;nni tW i-onvi'ntl.m »»s soon in
un ui>r.'.-»r. The ev-Con«rea»man retired
frOtt thfl platform amid Kn>an:< and hisses.
\\ !-.«•:; .¦« vote »a> taken it:i (ndorsctnent
*ii iits candidao was refused l>y :» major
ity "f Dsiarty two-thinix.
Son her of tho oonrrntiona accomplished
mui h at to-d:i\ > s.-">i, i;». 'i ho .mr«o
:i . .:• raarhed .ii To^elca several months
*»«:.• »«y lh«» Slai«- Committee <>f th«- ihri-<>
parties, provtiitnR for a division of the
nf!)oei5, wh» n cause ot o.ifitoiuion to-day.
IJy tho Topeka sjrreenieai the orth** of
Ass<H-l»«tf Jii>tti-e nas irl\en to the l»rm>>
cr.iu. PttptiitM leader*, however, have
titicr hwi working «o f«irc«> the npmlna
lioa «»f ex-Justl.v David Martin of AtChi
son. formerly a tlepubllcan.
Al a late bour to-night the thr«»e con*
femes oi>rrmiiui-t«-s reached *n a»rr«M'
in«'«jt wht-n-t'y the T«'i>fX;i agreement will
b«> BtodUIed to the ""xtom ol pcrtnittlng
the PopulisU to oatno l>.ivi.J Martin for
A.-«soclat«« Justice, for which they rorren
«1rr In tho \ •etiitK>r:tt» the .<f!li-v of Attor
r.<-\ OeoeraL
The atrccsuni thus mndlOoii will be re
potted to the cosventiona to-morro*". it
»^\«-« to th<> 1'oiujiisis the offices "f Asso
«-l«»t<- Junlee. iiovernor. Ktoutruant (inv
rrnor. Auditor. Superintendent of Tublic
lnMrurtlon and r.-njinussman at larse;
*lsl!e tljo IVjnorrnt!* will name tho can.il
«.1«trs for SfK-n-'.riry of Stnt«» and Attorney
General. The Bil%-er Ronabllrana will bV«
icS'-i Tj-,r> Dotnlnatton of superintendent uf
jjuv.rancv. The agreetornt rro\hlo» also
that the PopuliMt* and Democrats »hall
*ii.!i name four candidates {<^r 1'rvsi.ieti
ttal elector* and t»u> Silvvr ltep:j"hl leans
tw.» cmndidateiP Th!«! atnmcnl wl!l
probably i«' Indorsed by iiu? conventions.
The afternoon tMrimw «>f the rtinvon-
ItofflS were taken <:;> wlch miutiqe nffutrA
¦m kpeectunaklnc. Amuw tho speakers
v ¦• thr several contentions wore 'Vv
don«*: l»«\W of Texas, Congressman ne
Armond of Mlss,^.:rl and tronor^l J. It.
Woavrr i-T In».i
Opened Fire on the Officers Whilo
They Were Attempting to Place
Them Under Arrest.
NEW ORLEANS, July 24-pollce Capi
tn!n John T. I>ay and Policeman John T.
Umb are dend and Policeman August T.
Mora i* In th<» hospital Buffering from
three vroanda recalred' in an encounter
lust r.lsht with two desperal* negroes.
Leonard Pierce an,.! it.ii>.-rt Omrles.
The offirors wore atUMnptinB to arr.^t
the t»>) nejrr.vs, whon tho latter «>p<*no«l
Rre. A fusillade followed, during which
I'ol'ceniRn Mora was BeiiOttJtly wounded.
Kirrco finally surrt'ndff.'d, but Charles.
though wounded, escaped. Charles was
traced and f-uuni la^rr in tho rIrIu by a
S'jund of officers. The nrpro shot his way
through the officers, kllllnc Day and
l/timl>. an.1 np:»!r» escaped.
The showing haf C8U*ed cr?at excite
mrnt. ur.ri a hundred policemen and a vast
and *hotsun« mid rif.es niv searclnff for
v'ljnrles. who will doubtless be killed on
p'.Rht.
POLICEMEN SHOT BY
DESPERATE NEGROES
BUFFALO. July 24.-A fire which
started at midnight last night destroyed
the eastern elevator, which is situated on
tho Island opposite the foot of Washington
street. Th»> elevator and its contents
were valued at $750,000 and were a total
loss.
Tho elevator was owned by the Amer
ican Linseed Oil Company, which came
into possession of the building only a few
weeks ugo. The oil works are situated
within 100 foot of the burned building.
Streams of water were played continuous
ly on the burning buildings and oil tanks
of the refinery. Fortunately the wind
was blowing In an opposite direction and
this fact probably prevented a far more
serious conflagration. The fir© was a dif
ficult one to light, as It started In the
upper part of tho elevator and gradually
burned downward until the entire build
ing was destroyed. The intense heat
made it imoossitMe for the firemen to en
ter the building and the streams thrown
up from the creek bolow had little effect
in checking the flames.
At 1:30 o'clock this morning it was be
lieved the lire was under control and
would be connned to the eastern elevator.
The cause of the lire Is not known.
FIRE DESTROYS
GRAIN ELEVATOR
NEAR BUFFALO
Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
»
The Total Loss Will Exceed
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. July 21.— The
prosecution in the Powers case this morn
ing asked for and was awarded a sub
pena duces tecum against the managers
of the Postal and Western Union tele
praph offices at Frankfort, requiring
them to bring into court all cipher tele
grams sent through their offices between
tho dates of December 22 ami February 5:
also a subpena duces tecum against both
the Secretary of State and the Adjutant
General requiring them to produce the ex
ecutive Journal nr.d other records in court.
Editor Pat MncDonald of Frankfort tes
tified that on January 30. a few minutes
prior to the shooting, he saw W. H. Cul
ton and another whom he thought was
Stato Inspector Lester standing at the
point where Goebel fell shortly afterward.
On Saturday prior to the assassination
witness saw a man running down the
steps from the legislative halls and, call-
Ing to a crowd of mountain men. said:
"Go and get your guns; it's time for the
shooting to be^in."
Representative Berry (Republican) had
just been unseated. Witness did not know
the man who was talking.
Kditor Porter Thompson Jr. was stand-
ir>$r on the street near the opposite side of
tho executive house when the shot was
heard nnd saw Goebel fall. Tho shota
sounded as if they were fired from the
legislative or executive building.
K. H. Berryman of Frankfort waa the
last witness of the morning. His testi
mony did not elicit anything n»w. but he
will assume the stand for cross-esamlna
tior. this afternoon.
At the nftorncon session. Miss Ella
Smith of Barbourville told of a conver
sation between John Powers and hf-rnf-lf
on January 18. They were regretting thr?
Colson-Scott trapedy. which happened at
Frankfort th<U day. and Powrs wald
there would be more bloodshM In Frunk
fort If Goebe! was seated. \Vitnr>*« wai
surprised at this statement and saM: "Oh
Mr. Towers, you would not be willing to
kill him. would you?" To which Powrra
replied that he would.
James Fletcher of Knox County t#st!
fl>d to having heard John Powers nay In
December that "Taylor had been elected
Governor nnd If any effort was made to
count him out Goebel would not be
seated."
Dispatches Sent in Relation
to Goebel Case Wanted by
Prosecution.
TELEGRAMS USE
TO BE BROUGHT
INTO THE COURT
PROSPEROUS RAILWAY LUTE
Pacific Coast Road Shows an Increase
in Earnings.
SACRAMENTO. July 24.—Representa
tives of the Pacific Coast Railway, that
extends 76.1 miles from Port Ilarford In
San Luis Oblspo County to Los Ollvos in
Santa Barbara County, were before the
State Board of Equalization to-day and
submitted a report showing apparent
gains In the earnings of the road of $34,000.
A portion of this amount, however, is on
account of the earnings of thf lumber
yards and warehouses of the • ~>mpany.
which the board has ordered spgregated.
The road shows a heavy Increase in the
freight account and some C00O in ths. pas
senger account.
MOUNTS FOR CAVALRYMEN.
Breaking Bronchos at Stockton for
Service in the Philippines.
STOCKTON*. July 24.— Broncho riders
are ?'ngag'ed at the racetrack here break
ing a herd of eighty horses for Govern
ment service in the Philippines. They
were secured in different parts of North
ern California from Oregon down and on
account of the scarcity, owing to large
Government demands, have brought ex
ceptionally high prices, ranging from $50
to $150 a head. The average cost of the
herd was $103 a head. They wlU be seat
to the Presidio as soon as broken to the
saddle and thence to Manila for military
service.
Boy Burglar Is Convicted.
Special Disrated to Tfc» Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July :4.-iIar.nsl Morris,
the 12-year-olJ degenerate cf this dtjr.
•was convicted to-day before Recorder
Gardener of T'Uy larceny and win re
ceive his sentence to-rriOrrow nornlng at
11 o'clock. This mornlr.s m-hea taken o*jtt
of jail and questioned by Constable-
Treanor he admitted that he irai -^xTiy
of the many thefts charged against him.
From the matter of fact -way tn which hs
spoke of his acts it ee^rra tiat 29 has
little knowledge ct the difTerence b?twe»n
risrht and wror?. In court he told the
Recorder how h» pot into Mrs. Barren's
house and carried! aw.iv fo-r rolls of but
ter and a sack. He was unable to carry
a can of coal ell. to fce poured cnt the oil
iir.A carried the car. awav.
T0 PROMOTE ALLIANCE
WITH GREAT BRITAIN
New Societv Organized in Philadel-
pliin Composed of Many Men
of Prominence.
nill.Al'Kl.rillA, July 24.— In the be
lief that an open alliance with Great
Britain would be an excellent thing for
the United States, a society has been
formed in Philadelphia composed of many
men powerful in tlie financial and polit
ical world.
The tiiM meeting of this organization,
which Is kn.iwn ;»s the Transatlantic So
ciety of America, was ht-iti about on*
treek ugn. The proceedings were kept
.secret, lu;t to-day the plans of the organ
ization became known throuKh an appli
cation for a charter.
In this application the officers of the
Anglo- American Society arc given us fol
lows:
C. Stuart Patterson, president; Theo
dore C. tM-arey and Joiui U. Converse.
vice presidents; Alfred H. Wiggan, treas
urer; Thomas C. Knauff, secretary.
The board of governor! consists of Wil
liam l>. Windsor, William r. llenraey,
Charles Curtis Harrison. Kev. Horace K.
Kutter. Edw»rd H. coates. Rev. J. u.
L/rVy* Alexander Yun Kertn^alaer. John
Thompson. Alba H. Johnson, Fred Turn
bull. G* H. Kreyer. Joseph Q. Ilosen
parten. Henry K. Kdmumts and William
H. Lucks.
Mr. Patterson la ore of the most prom*
Inetu financier!* m this city. Mr. Bearcy,
ono »>f the vice presidents. Is the pres
ident of tlie National Association of Man
ufacturersj nod John H. Converse, the
other \ice president, is one of tho firm
operating tlie li'ildwin locomotive
\\< rks.
In ?!i<- application to the ciiurt the ob
ieot of the society IS stated to be '"the
bringing Into closer relations the people
Of the l'nited States and limit Britain bv
Kcncntl strcr.Ktheninir ot the political,
sot-inl and commercial bonds which unite
the two countries."
This Is to be done "by tendering hospi
tality and manifesting friendship toward
British subjects who n::iy be temporarily
sojourning in Philadelphia and by collect
ing, prescrvinc and disscmlnuting in
formation lenfllnp to eduwr.e public opin
ion In this direction."
The (society is similar to one formed in
Kiiirland krown ns t!ie Atlantic Knion. •
JERRY SIMPSON
TURNED DOWN
BY POPULISTS
Sockless Congressman Cre
ates an Uproar in the
Convention.
John D. Lindsay Testifies
as to the Lax : Methods
in Vogue.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The hearing In
'¦ the case of i\ K. Neely wiu» continued to
tiny with George Marshall of the financial
department Of Cuba on the witness stand.
United State? District Attorney Burnett
i of the prosecution paid particular atten-
Uon to the fact that the safe which con
taiticd whatever of the funds were In the
pofltbfflce had its outer door always
opened and that there was a general lax
r,e<=< about handling the funds. John D.
Lindsay, for the defense, brought out on
cross-examination th<? fact that the. em
ployes of the office all had access to the
safe, as well as the employes of tho
money order bureau, who kept their
motiey order blanks in the eaie. Several
employes had uecess to the safe: the
diH>r was mvvr locked, and tho money*
were placed In three drawers in plain
view and of easy access.
William Hoffman, assistant cashier of
the North American Trust Company, verl
l!ed various deposit* made with his com
pany by Mr. Neely. Major Eugene F.
S«<i<i. the Treasurer of the island of Cuba.
t!;e next witness. veritK-d various deposits
m»dt» with him.
Colonel George H: Rurton, Inspector
General of Cuba, was recalled and asked
to explain fully half ins testimony given
yesterday concerning his inspection of the
postofflce nnance department to Cuba. In
an affidavit given In Cuba Colonel Hurton
told of a shortage in Mr. Neely's account
of about Jli>.i«V. Colonel Hurton said on
the stand tiuit he reiterated that affidavit.
Judge I «a combe stopped him and said:
"1 don't care what testimony was given In
Cuba. It will not have the sllshtest
weight with n;e in deciding this case.
What must be done is to have competent
testimony given here. If It is proven
conclusively that money was rmbestled
ai:d stolen from the public funds in Cuba
I will decide to have the defendant sent
back to Cuba. What must be done Is to
have the competent testimony given here
and rot In Havana."
Colonel Hurton was then excused.
John C. N.ison, head of the detective
bureau of Rochester, who arrested Necly,
said that when searched. Neely had $t>502
in currency.
I.loyd Garrison, a New York lawyer, the
next witness, said he wns in Cuba, from
September to December SO, ISSS. when he
translated the Cuban pvnal code for the
Attorney General of the I'nited States,
nnd the translation In relation to em
borxlement by employes was discussed.
The discussion wns as to wl»ether Mr.
Xeelv was an employe or a functionary.
Mr. Garrison considered him an employe.
The translation of the Cuban penal code
was then placed in evidence, -in spite of
the objection of Counselor Undsay for
the defense. The Government then rested
its case.
SAFE IN CUBAN
POSTOFFICE WAS
ALWAYS OPEN
CHICAGO. July M.~Wllson & Marshall, the official archl- 1
tects of the National Grand Army encampment, which
will be held lure next month, have completed plans for
two arches and a court of honor, stretching from Jackson
boulevard to l'Hrk Row. Tills court of honor nnd the two
arches will cost 195,000. •
Michigan avenue will be transformed into a court of honor
A surpassing architectural beauty and grandeur. The general
sctaemd of the street Is to place a triumphal arch at Van Huren
sirect and one at Park How. connected by Corinthian columns
placed :it resnilar intervals on l>oth sides of the street, forming
i colonnade, broken only by the pylons that (lank each side of
the reviewing stand. The nrehes will span the entire street
it each end of the colonnade: one will be dedicated to the Grand
Army and one to the navy. In design they will be of the Cor
nthlan order, a prototype of the classics, but peculiarly adapted
;>>• Hie designers to the uses of this work. Tlie material used In
:h< work on the exterior of the columns and arches will be of
-ijiff. representing marble In effect. The openings of the archea
through which the marching columns of the G. A. R. will pass
ire twenty feet wide and thirty feet high. The arches are dec
irnted with statuary and have relief panels In plaster, sym
mlizlng appropriately the different branches of the army and
invv. Richard W. Hech, sculptor, will execute the Pculptural
part of the work. The frieze of the arches will contain In relief
the names of some of the great grenerals of the army and noteil
admirals of the navy. The columns connecting the arches are
pure Corinthian shafts, decorated with shields clapping a group
of flaps and containing a large facsimile of the different army
and navy corps badges. The reviewing 1 stand will be flanked on
eiiher Fide with larpro four-column pylons decorated on the ton
with a large American eagle In plaster, resting or. an illumin
ated ball. The President's box and the balustrade guarding th«
space reserved for distinRulshed guests will be decorated with
staff in rich design.
The Illumination of the court of honor will be a feature In
Itself, and will be treated differently from that which has us
unlly been done in this line. It is not the intention of the de
sipners to have a preat glare of light on the arches and columns
from electric lamps set In lines and angles, which always de
stroy the architectural forms of work of this kind, but on the
other hand, the lights will be placed in such a way that they
will simply highlight the statuary and architectural features of
the arches and give them added artistic effect and a new beauty
for night view, even beyond that of daylight. Searchlights will
a!?o be placed on top of the arches at each end of the colonnade,
which will Rive beautiful effects when the powerful light is
thrown down through this court of honor, bringing out in high
relief its classic outlines and monumental proportions.
£:n<) In the afternoon. A rnoetinc Is to ho
!)H<1 In Totnllnson Hull in the evening
altrr the notiti< ution, and an effort will
i>e made to r.ct Uryun to remain and
*l>eak.
Zack Phelps Resigns
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jaly IM.-Ziuk'
j*h«*ii>s of this city has Bent a letter to I
Ooorre P*. Ileabodyi chairman of the Na- j
tjonul Commlilw of the National iffulJ) j
i PemocraUc party, which will nuot ai ln-
I dlnnnpulN to-morrow. tviuU-rliiK his ivsig- t
! nation as u member of tho committor. !
Mr. i'hrips Intimates that lie will vote j
I tli<- r<>Kular Dornocralic ticket on account
of tho sltttaiion In Kentucky brought '
about by the ktillni; of Goohel.
Ing that t»u- American Oovernment r<»
tnlnr uii optimistic attitude toward thf
doubtful uttf-nui.-i.. .if Chim'se mandarins
and thai American utatrimoii ur^ ready
I to preach with China before tlie rescue
I <>f 1 1»»- roreicnenl In lV-klnjc."
Commenting uyuii the rop'irteil lU-clslon
of the United St:it««:« Government to have
American troops advance upon Peking.
th<- VossUtebe SCcitunx remarlui that it the
foreUrnen In Peking oniiii imv»« b«'ii res
cued by bo' mhuII a force the nlllel would
Ions »«:> liiive rescued ilii*sn.
The Berlloer T«rebl«tt, which st«- : = •"¦
contradiction In President McKlnlejrt* 900*
noiit to mpillult* imd his efforts to tfK the
allies to advance to Peking." asks:
"•\VJ11 the Government of U>o Unlt*d
Ktntes batnbooxta th« phlnesa with dlplo?
\ matte craftlneM learned from Chinese
1 stiit*-.«tu;inKh!i). ami only uiul^rtulto mealu
; lion in ttpi> t '<ii" I ' < "*'?"
The suidh paper caps tin* climax by «
1 plaining th.it \> ashlngton'n t'hiiiaphlJ« *t
, iltu«i< 15 tint' to tlio Impossibility of l?i»\-
I lnsr th^ lurg«> Chinese pnpulntijn of me
AnuTlnui I nion out of consideration.
'•r->w KIM. IN. July M.— Thl« rvenlog'a
• )ia|>rn «1evo<«» ovii»ld<*ral<l<< nttMi
{""Yi Won lo Prcttdtent McKlnl«y*i coo«
; ,_,*? .'rut t.i inr<!lut<« In thr> ChltlGM nf
fujr a»;d <h«« comment la uil «n
fnvorul.le. Sur-prl** 1 •» «<-ii.-r«ll v expr»->:«
«»<i that (Tufclnxton taUr* Chlnesq official
Dew* wi1ou»ly. The Berliner T4»eblatt
<v>ir.j>l«ln» that the Vnltrd Stuns Oavern-
Bml i* "«"• eu!ivln<v*«1 of th«> wisdom of
It* rhhiuj'hiV policy «hnt It Is iir<-parinR
Jn mUniio* i<» Iky the li!nm« f»>r it* m>n-
MieoeM »n»'>n Oovsramenta less credulous
than Pi-r*Kl<T.t MoKiulcy i»n<> Hc.-rctnry
T!i« paper it >es on to ?ho\v that "tho
L*ntt»d Stales has Im-cii tuken In tow by
t'lilna."
The nrml-«m«-i:il Berliner Port B»jr»J
"Hingularly esoufh. Washington taU»s the
dubious » I hln<? «• newi. for truth."
Th«» rv-ut«e!i«» T»K«-s ;'.Htninr remarks
that It actually uj'j>« ! nrs that "WachlrctwH
uas only w-alttiiy l"r it jiftrxt to dlsojn-
Drct th* l.'nited ftatfs from the powers."
Tlie isQkml ABX«l<er coimldorn It uiuaz-
PART OF THE DECORATIVE SCHEME FOR THE GATHERING.
BEAUTIFUL COURT OF HONOR AND ARCHES
FOR GRAND ARMY ENCAMPMENT AT CHICAGO
Berliner Tanblalt Cods the Climax bu Declaring That
He Is Catering to America's Mongolian
Population.
Hitler Toward President McKlnleij Because
of His Altitude in the Chinese
Situation.
BERLIN PRESS RAILS
AT UNITED STATES
, King when the latter was takinpr wat»r
from the Church place for his horses, was
the only eye-witness to testify. He cie-
I posed that when King returned to h!3
I camp by the roadside, after being orderc .-i
I from the ranch, he iStice> and Mr. Churc:i
i went to the field to board up the wefl
broken open by King. King was thero
on the other side of the fence, and when
j the well cover wan set again Stice po
! lltely as possible told King to Ptay on his
I own side of the fence. Church added to
I thi.s the threat that he would be arrested
i should he again come on the Church
¦ property. At this King flew into a rage
' and shouted, "I'll ?hoot the h 1 out of
you." and drawing his rifle, that he had
taken from his rig. fired at Mr. Church.
When the shot was fired Stlce took to his
heels ajid barely escaped a second shot
from King's rifle. When Stlce cam» back
after Church. King seemed sorrowful for
his deed, and offered to assist taklnsr tha
wounded man to his house. His offer was
refused.
Herman Church was 200 yards from th<*
! scene of the shooting. He heard the shot3
and ran over In time to help carry his
father to the house.
Dr. Ivancovteh testified that Church
had told him that King had shot him ajad
that he had fired at Stlce.
Dr. Jones stated that the bullet had
passed into the abdominal cavity, almost
throujrh the body. It penetrated the in
testines. A hemorrhage caused death.
WANTED f^Ot< mURDER.
James E. King, also known fls 0. A. Smith. Description— Age,
40; weight, about 140 pounds; height, about 5 feet 6 inches; com
plexion fair; thin, regular features and very light-colored eyes.
Wore rather heavy brownish mustache; carried a razor and is pos
sibly smooth-shaven now. Wore dark-colored suit, sack coat, white
negiigee shirt and black derby hat. On July 23, 1000, King shot
and killed S. H. Church near Two Rock, Marin County. His busi
ness is that of piano and organ tuner and cleaner. He has traveled
all about the State, accompanied by his wife, with a team, plying
his trade, living the past two yrcars in Sonoma, 2Tapa, Humboldt
and Marin counties. In 1895 he lived in Los Angeles and San Ber
nardino counties. In 1894 hs lived at Table Bluff, Humboldt Coun
ty. — Sheriff's description of the fugitive slayer.
SANTA ROSA, July 24.— J. E. Klnfr.
who shot and killed pioneer II. S.
Church at the latter'* home In
Two Rock Valley, Marin County,
is fleeing from the officers of the
law, and so far has eluded the
Sheriffs of two counties.
The crime was committed just over the
line in Marin County, and though Sheriff
Grace and hii deputies have been doing
tht-ir best to apprehend the fugitive ar.d
Sheriff Taylor has been scouring the coun
ty, up to a late hour to-night their ef
forts had proved futile. from Sheriff
Taylor, who was Jn town this afternoon,
it v.r»« learned that King's trail was struck
yesterday a short distance this side of
the scene of the shooting. King, who is
afoot and has a lame leg, apparently had
made slow progress, but, according to
Taylor's statement, who traced him to
the e<lge of this city, the slayer succeeded
in covering up his trail. The officers are
confident that they will soon have their
man. Sheriff Taylor has Issued descrip
tive circulars offering a. reward for King's
capture.
Mrs. King, the wife of the fugitive, is
now in this city, where she drove at once
after the shooting. When seen to-night
at the Eagle Hotel she gave the following
version ot the shooting:
Mrs. King's Version of the Shooting.
"My husband and I camped on the
county ruad just outside of the ranch
where Mr. Stice lives. The ranch belonged
to Mr. Church, but was not his home, that
being about a half mile away. Mr. St'.ce
Is t_nurch's son-in-law. "We came into
camp Sunday and then took our horses,
tour In number, inside of the fence to
on<- of the wells for water. The well had
evidently been in disuse for some time
aS we found the water dirty and unfit tor
the horses to drink. We therefore took
the hors»*s to the barn and there w.uered
them. Nothing unpleasant happened at
that time, but in>' husband had some bus
iness transactions with Mr. Stice relative
to exchanging a horse for a cow. Monday
morning we again took the horses to the
burn for w^ter and with the intent of
cloFing the deal. My husband left me
with three of the horses while he took
the fourth within.
••While he was there Mr. Stlce came
down to the barn and greeted him with
the remark: 'Well, you have got a gall
to take your horses to my trough^ when
you know we are short of water.' Mr.
King: replied that he did not know any
thing about a shortage of water, and that
he would not stay to water the other three
horses. Mr. Stice replied with an oath
about the one already watered and we
wont back to our camp, intending to bo
further to a better camping spot, where
we might obtain water. After the words
we thought that Mr. Stlce would not want
to trade the cow for our horpe. We had
not been In camp Ions when we saw Mr.
Church and Mr. Stico coming- toward us.
The latter had a hammer a,nd nails and
together they boarded up the old well near
the fence. My husband was sitting: on
the foot of our cot at the time and be
hind him lay the loaded rifle. 1 was sit
ting on n box near by. No words passed
between the two men and ourselves dur
ing the nailing up of the well, but when
the operations were completed they came
out on the road toward us.
Shooting of Church.
"Mr. Church uttored a terrible oath and
told us to keep off his place in the future
nnd let hla water alone. My husband re
plied we were not on his place; that we
were <m the county road; and that we did
not want his water. With this Church
uttered another oath, calling- my husband
the worst name that one man can call
another. When he came toward us he
ijut hlrf hand tn his pocket, as if for a
knife or pistol, and my husband grabbed
the pun and shot. Had it not been for
the terrible name and the nearness of the
wfujiOM to him. I know he would r.ot
have done it. Church was in a terrible
tamper and was within about twenty
hN*i>m of u« when the shot was fired. I
estimate the distance from what they tell
rne. I do not know he was c!c*? ii?on
u». When the shot was tired, he turned
ond ran n few steps toward the house
before he fell Slice ran also, but can*
bach when hl» father-tn-law fell.
"My ht]«b.-»rul and I ran to the injured
man and attempted to pick htm up. but
Ht!<**! llftf-d him and carried him to th«
hOU*e, while we made preparations tor
our departure. We left everything but
oTir bisggy and horses. I drove one horse
and my husband rode a second. A third;
followed, hut the fourth would r.ot come.
DO we left hini. When we passed the
boom Mrs. Stice came running out ar.d
to!') m- to hurry on toward safety *i tv>s
plble. She paid that if it had r.et boer. for
her. Mr. St!ce woi:'.d have come down be
fore our departure to kill my h;!*Kand.
Sh*- was much distressful and" t--»ld v:* to
hurry or they would yet overtake \:s to
¦hoot my husband.
"We drove very quickly, he on h^rsf^
back and I in the b'.iccy. far shout t!*ree
mile)", and then ray husband left his h.rse
to me and starts! to walk tonaro a
clump of gum tr?vs. He was aliwst
frantic with cr:»t aru1 worn-, but ho t «
that h» would walk to Santa U.-ut* ?,-> <«v'«»
himself up as he did no', war.: :>•> he over*
taken bv the ar.gry reighbor*, \ lo>1 h» s
hor-e after he left me. and xratfrts! th*
three .it the T\ «shoe House, the rt-*t
water that they ha<i had that ttv>rr«Jr;fc.
Defends Her Husband.
"I am nearly craay with crlof \|y
husband 55 not « cofeMOootaj tnv.r,<<»ri>r
He shot on the syur of the mQBMti m3
in sell defense. Vie i* « man of **>,>«*
n year? ar.<1 of * htghiv «er>«>»* u mr ,^
jury, end dixl r.n dr^rve th^ trvvitm^t
that hA re-c*iv<sJ at th<» hand* of iv»
irate old iran Wt»« Knw
that the sho,MJr.c »>crurr^i ov, «h* V^"^
roaa. and r.o: or: «. hnvh'« v«,rvwJ!»o* \\'a
rana t<e «^au«nt \ u^^xr \\\&t im>v- v»^
Ao anytWn? t,> h:nv. K^VTJ%
I cancot know t> hero J,r> K"
verdict or eonoxrtrs .n*«\
Favv.\*r Chvm^tv.
SS^K^^iwi^? ll & W S**& «
Kin* of £*»£-«• WW*W, ftw^y** *V*\«v
The y*t*w\ *.** W^Wfts* ** \$+ *\t*<nfiH
£ii43 su^ *** &^ ft^i avwwtea *n*
Special Dispatch to The Call
Wife of the Trader Accused of Murder Denies That
the Deed Was Unprovoked and Claims Her "
Husband Shot In Self-Defense,
Peace Officers Are on the Trail of Fugitive
King, the Slayer of Rancher Church
of Two Rock Valleu.
MAN HUNT BY TWO
SHERIFFS AND POSSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900.
4
Vs:ecritic Notifications.
A Most Remarkable Kerr.sdy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-o?
to Men.
A Free Trial PackapQ Scr.t by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial rscXacrs c f a rr.os* rftr.axk-
ab'e reme»iy are i-rir.g rnai'o«1 Co »O who
wlH write the State ffttfUrrt In«:tut*.
Tfcej curei! sc» rr.Ar.y raon who had bax-
»!o4 for years ajrair.st the mental ar?d
physical sr.fTrrir.g of I.-*: manhood that
tho Institute has decNM to di*:ributt
fre»-> trial paokatros to all wh.N write, 1:
is a home treatment, arivi all taen who
sv.ffVr from *r> f.^rin of s*-svtaj weakness
n-su5:!r.)i frori youthful folly, j-r^TRature
loss of strength ar.d memory, veals back.
vsriAVflA or orsao;j«tion of p*r:s caa row
cure thonaselvios at homo.
The rrtneAy has a peov^'arlv grateful
efr<vt of warmth ar.1 seems to art direct
t»> the des'.mi location, gix Jn^ strenffih
»n.1 development «nst whore it is neertVd.
It out« aU the US* ar.d troubles that
*vTtt*> rr.^1 >o.\rs of Tr.Ssuso of the nat-
v.taS fo.r.ctlor.s ar.d has bm ar. absolute
>5t.-.~e*s \n *'.« case*. a rv.v.vest to the
S\at^ Me>*.i«-al Tnstif:3tf>, S2» Klfktro'n
buiMint, Ton \\a.\r.«*. In,1.. statJr.j: that
>o-,-, ,1o«;r* ere «l thfJr fr»-^ trial park-
akv^i «(U bo »NMnpM#<J wuh rrotr.ptiy. The
Ir.mtute 1* «1ov!rv>ws cf reachiTiir that
tttxat ou*« of men mho are ur.ANe ta
'oa\e h«M!TTfl t.i N> treatexiS, arrd :s« f~e*
will trnKo th#» t;> Sk>i» hr-w *a*v
H t* t»> b* c«re.1 of sr *-n*J WTNtfeTseio w>ei:
the r.rt < ir" - r TvrrNs'.tes are esay-loy«sJ Tfc*
tvi«<itHt* Twake* rsrt tvstrii-rjrtr.s, Xav t-xa
wn.> *1ll ly »<-r.t a free sir--.>
o*eefwUy soa;#s1 tn * r^*Jn r*oirace*»^
\>a» U» rvciiMer.t txx>4 >,Ave n& fear c*
*wK4rVi***TOorst or r«bi1citj-. Reader* ara
r*<w*tr»1 to write without <!Mat.
iv«tr» OR. JORDAN'S cuui
MUSEUM OF fiNATOMYl
ft aI T " *r *=»». * 4
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVERTISE2IE3JTS.An excursion on the Sacramento River
Is one of the novelties advertised for pas
time on Sunday next. The Southern Pa
cific has two steamers plying- between San
Francisco and Sacramento, both commo
dious and comfortable boats, and both
will be put into service for this occasion
from both ends of the route. As the com
plete trip from either end takes two days.
It has been arranged that they shall meet
at Rio Vista, transfer cargoes, and each
return to starting point.
For a party or society this affords a fine
chance for a delightful day, as they can
provide music and have a good deck for
dancing or other pastime to their hearts'
content.
SANTA CRUZ BOY
WANTED BLOOD
cjpP LAMEDA, July 24.— Armed
//'\\ with a 22-caliber gun, 100
jl cartridges and $13 15, George
Brown, aged 14, started for
Asia. Object: The subjugation of
the Boxers. Now the Sheriff of
Santa Cruz has got him. He was
taken off a breakb^am by the po
lice last night at Park street.
Life on the farm became distaste
ful to GeorgJe. His father runs a
dairy seven miles from nowhere in
the Santa Cruz Mountains and he
did not take to the daily drudgery
of delivering milk, cleaning cans,
etc. So he sold his father's favor
ite horse and devoted the proceeds
to the purchase of an arsenal for
himself and a friend, who was In
duced to follow his lead. The boys
stole a ride on a freight train, but
when they got to Los Gatos the
other boy left Georgrle to g-o It alone.
When Georgie reached Alameda he
was surprised at his reception by
the police. His father had notified
the Sheriffs of seven counties that
he wanted his son. The boy's quest
for sore had been inspired by a too
close application to the pages of
yellow literature.
the wife of a harnessmaker. who resides
on Delmas avenue, met with a serious
accident while out riding on the alameda
this morrin? by the overturning cf the
surrey. With Mrs. Fuller were Mrs Mol
firer and Mrs. John Morgan of San Fran
cisco, but they escaped unhurt. Mrs.
Fuller's right leg was broken at the ankle,
the large bone protruding through the
flesh and many nf the smaller bones being
crushed. Mrs. Fuller, while driving, had
got the lines crossed and In pulling on
them the horse overturned the sur
rey, throwing all three Iadie3 out.
Cut Worms Destroying Tubers.
TACOMA. "Wash.. July 24.— Cut-worms
are now making serious inroads on tho
potato crop In this county. The tubers
are found honeycombed by the pests.
PORT TOWXSEXD. Wash.. July 24.—
The revenue cutter Manning, which ar
rived here to-day, left Nome July S for
the relief of the barkentine Leslie D, i
which went ashore on the east side of
Nunivak Island last May. The Leslie D
Is a wreck and her thirty passengers
abandoned her. the last ten leaving the
day the Manning arrived. The Manning i
reports the schooner Laurel at Dutch i
Harbor with fifty-four of the passengers i
bound for Seattle. j
The lighthouse steamer Columbine and j
the whaling bark Gayhcad are nlso at \
Dutch Harbor. On the latter vessel much
elckness existed among the crew, and on
Ju!v 15 Second Mate Smith died from
hea'rt failure. The Senator sailed from
Dutch Harbor for Nome on July 16.
¦, ¦ —II •¦1TIIIKI IT r ¦ - ¦ *
BARKENTINE LESLIE D
A WRECK ON NUNIVAK
Impressive Ceremonies Attend the
Chief Event of Tuesday at Pa
cific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 24.— The exer
cises of to-day at the Chautauqua Assem
bly were more distinctively Chautauquan
than those of any other day for the fort
night's session, for this was recognition
day. The recognition of graduates oc
curred at % o'clock th!s afternoon, and
was an impressive cremnny. There were
two persons present to receive their diplo
mas, and a number of other graduates
who were not present wpre recognizrd.
Th<* graduates present were Mrs. 1>. W.
Kolger of San Francisco ar.d Dr. C. H.
Buckles of Oakland.
This afternoon's exercises consisted of
thf establishment of recognition day cer
emonies, with music, and an address by
Dr. E. McCUbIi; president of the Pacific
Coast branch of the Chautauqua.
Tho usual work of the assembly classes
occupied th<* morning; hours to-day u;> to
11 o'clock, when the "forum hour" period
was opemd. and Mrs. H. M. Steele of
Oakland entertained those present with
"Memories of Old Chautauqua."
The evening was notable for the last of
the series of concerts given by the Metro
politan Jubilee Singers.
RECOGNITION DAY AT
CHAUTAUQUAN ASSEMBLY
Sheepmen in Wyoming Give Warning
to the Miners,
GRAND ENCAMPMENT. Wyo., July
24. a band of sheepmen visited Copper
ton, a new mining town twenty miles
west of here, and "shot up ythe town,"
riddling the saloons and other buildings
with bullets. It was done as a warning
to prospectors to leave the locality, which
is used as a range by the sheep men. The
miners are making preparations to resist
future raids-
SHOT TJP THE TOWN.
Outcome of a Bow at Guadalupe, Near
San Jose, May Be a Charge
of Murder.
Spwial IHspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 24.— Ignaclo and Steve
Tejada. two Mexicans, are in the County
Jail on a charge of assault to murder
Martin Benitas of Guadalupe, whom they
badly beat about the head and shot in
the arm yesterday. The trouble Is the af
termath of a Spanish dance at Guadalupe.
at which liquor flowed freely. Benitas
was tending bar in a store there, and
when he objected to the behavior of the
Tejadas they seized him and beat him
over the head and face with a revolver
and Ignaclo Tejada shot him In the arm.
Both have been charged with assault to
murder. Benitas is nearly 70 years of
age. It is reported his condition Is serious
and' the prisoners may yet have to faco
a graver charge. Ignacio Tejada is an
ex-convlct, having served five years in San
Quentin for grand larceny. His brother
also bears a hard reputation.
MEXICAN RUFFIANS BEAT
AND SHOOT AN OLD MAN
eight cases now in the town, which is
practically deserted. For three weeks,
farmers in the surrounding towns have
done no business there. Steamers will
take no freight from the place and pack
ages are thrown upon the wharf or passed
over at the end of a long pole. Rio Vista
has a population of about 700.
SUISUN. July 24.— Reports to-day from
Rio Vista were to the effect that the
smallpox epidemic had passed the danger
ous point in that vicinity. Xo new cases
had occurred during the past two weeks
at the pesthouse established some distance
from town. There are three patients who
have been pronounced out of danger and
recovering favorably. In Rio Vista Itself
there are no cases, and it Is reported that
the disease has been stamped out.
Up the Sacramento Next
Sunday, Only a
Dollar.
A DELIGHTFUL
STEAMER TRIP
Depositors Get More 2£on«y
Special KlB^atrb to The Call. ¦
SAN JOSE, July 24 — At a meeting of the
non-suing depositors this morning of tne
defunct Union Havings IicnK a dividend of
to per cent on trr-ir drpnsits was declared.
This money has been collected from stock
holders against whom the organized de
positors recently obtained juderraents In
the Superior Court. The amount to be di
vlrted ;«s J£y,twu. The .dividend will be paid
July S> 1
SANTA CRI.'Z. July Hi— The town of
Aptcs, tr-n miles from this city, was the
scene of a daring burglary at 2 o'clock
this morning. The Southern Parinc sta
tion was entered by burglars, who blew
open the fafe with powder or dynamite
end secured about $150 in cash and a check
for ?r><X>. The force cf thp explosion played
havoc with the Etatlon. When Agent
Wood arrived at the office he found all
the windows in the building broken, a
hole torn in the floor and the safe badly
damaged. The noise of the explosion was
heard by a number of reFidents.
lour.tsin Fires Under Control
T.OS ANGELES. July 24.-Chief Ranger
A. U. Thomas returned this morning from
the scene of the destructive forest fire
Jn Santa Anita Canyon. The fire is now
under control. It burned over a large
area, but no private property was de
stroyed, the damage being confined to tho
forest reserve. A large force of men will
be kepf in the mountains night and day
until all danger of fires is past.
SAFE-CRACKERS AT APTOS.
kUled by his uncle, John W. McNeil, on
Sunday evening at the shipyard.
From the evidence to-day at the Cor
oner's inquest it seems to have be?n a
deliberate, murder. Young McNeil board
ed with a woman named Mrs. Hattio
Oscar. In a cottage near the shipyard,
end the uncle came there to board also.
Sunday evening the uncle told the de
ceased to ltave the house. At the same
time he reached for his shotgun. The
vomaa told him to b» careful, and at
tempted to take the gun from him. but
he insisted that his nephew Fhouid leave.
The woman told the young man to go
out. While the latter was putting on his
shoes, McNeil placed the gun to his
shoulder and fired, killing his n«r»>:.^w.
The charge of shot entered the left sic©
of the victim, carrying away the sixth,
seventh and eighth ribs and penetrated
bis heart.
Young McNeil was about CS years of
cge ard a native of Pennsylvania. Very
little is kr.own of the persons concerned
In the tragedy. John \V. McNeil, the
elaver. re? idr-d In Oakland some years
end was the boss painter at the shipyard,
end the d-ad man had been hi? assistant.
The verdict of th* jury was that the df
jwasod came to his d^ath at the hands of
John W. McNril. and he was held for ex
umination without baiL
' n5 Jcnn W. McNeil Orders His Relative
From His Hcrae and Then
Shoots "Him.
BEXICIA. Cal.. July 24.— A young man
r.aim-d John W. McNeil was shot ar.d
SLAYS HIS NEPHEW
WITHOUT PROVOCATION
About 1 a. m. a team drove up in front
of the saloon and two masked men got
out. while a third remained In the car
riage. The men were evidently acquaint
ed with the surroundings, for they made
straight for a back room, where the gam
bling was going on. The players were
taken completely by surprise. Both rob
bers held revolvers, and they had no trou
ble forcing the gamblers to throw up
their hands. The earr.ings of the bank,
amounting to $700. were seized, besides
about $io which was taken from the play
ers' pockets.
After warning the gang that the first
man who made an outcry would be shot,
the robbers made a hasty exit, jumping
into their vehicle and speeding away in
the darkness. It is thought that the rob
bery may have been committed by unsuc
cessful patrons of the resort. •
TRUCKEE, July 24.— Two masked men
armed with pistols raided Al Richardson's
saloon here at an early hour Monday
morning. They looted a faro bank and
got away with over $703. There were ii%'e
men playing at the time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Said on a Truckee Saloon at Mid
night and Holding TJp of
Five Men by Bold
Bobbers.
Three Masked Men With
Revolvers Clean
Up §700.
BREAK A FARO
BANK EARLY IN
THE MORNING
The notes have not been recovered, the
Slovlnskls alleging they had passed from
their possession. The couple say that
they have wealthy relatives living in New
Albany. Ind.. but refuse to divulge names.
This claim is corroborated by the fact
that Mrs. Slovinski received $1500 through
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of this
city on Monday morning, which soon went
to make up the 13000 cash bail demanded
by the authorities. The husband and wife
are In jail to-night, being unable to fur
nish bail.
The complaint alleges that Slovinski
compelled Maines to sign notes aggregat
ing $l5.'.«xt, at the point of a revolver, for
the alleged alienation of his wife's af
fections. The act was committed last
Thursday in Maines' home on South
Broadway. Slovinski and wife were ten
ants of Maines. having rented a hotel
from him located at GarvanZa. Slovinski
charged Maines with having been too
friendly with Ills wife, which charge was
backed up by an alleged confession from
his wife. Maines denied the chargp, but
Stoylnskl, becoming angry, emphasized
his assertion by demanding $15,000 in
checks or notes from Maines. The latter
signed these after being persuaded by a
loaded revolver pointed at his head, fhe
couple then lpft and the arrest of Slo
vinski followed.
LOS AXGELES, July 24.— John M. and
Henrietta F. Slovlnskl were arrested this
afternoon on complaint of A. R. Maines.
charging them ¦with blackmailing him out
of $15,'Xw. Slovinski was arrested last
Thursday on a similar charge and bail
was placed at $2'XK) cash or $3000 bond.
Yesterday morning the cash bail was de
posited and SlovlnskJ was released from
jail. This morning the case against him
was dismissed in the Police Court, but
another complaint was tiled immediately.
In which both husband and wife were
made defendants.
Husband and Wife Getting Into
Serious Trouble for the Little
Badger Game They
Played.
Merchant Maines Swears to
Another Charge of
Blackmail.
SLOVINSKIS
OF LOS ANGELES
AGAIN IN JAIL
Some of the Inhabitants Flee and
Fanners and Steamers Shun the
Stricken Village.
STOCKTON. . July 24.— Smallpox has
broken out at Rio Vista, on the Sacra
mento River in Solano County, according
to reports brought here to-day. There are
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC-'
IN THE TOWN OF RIO VISTA
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents Issued, Pensions Granted,
Postoffices Established.
Special Dtsratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Postofllce es
tablished—Union, San Luis Obispo Coun
ty, Cal., Mary Eno. postmaster. Discon
tinued. July 31— Largdon, Kern County,
Cal.. mail to Shatter.
Postmaster commissioned— Jessie F.
Lewis. Hesperia, Cal.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— John Smith, Brldgeville, $12:
Joseph N. Alexander. Arcata, $6. Ad
ditional—George K. Burns. Azusa. $S.
Restoration and reissue — Albert Barrick,
dead, TJkiah. ?6.
Abstract of condition of national banks
at San Francisco, June 29. shows the aver
age reserve held to be 23. 87 per cent; loans
and discounts. J18.047.725; specie. $4.030,22.">;
lawful money reserves, $4,043,871; Individ
ual deposits, $14.rC3.S43.
Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— John R. Bowler, assignor to D. II.
Thomas Santa Ana, door step; Charles J.
Clarke, Kingsburjr, combined raisin cleaner and
grader: Eusebe P. Couture, assignor one-half
to J. F. Martinez, Gualala, wave motor;
Thomas J. Dorsey and N. Mathews. Los An
geles, riding attachment for seed drills; Elmer
T. Downing. Xapa, liquid mixer; August Erlc
scn, San Francisco, door bolt; Francis II.
Graham. San Jose. Instrument for determining
amplitude of vision: Adam Herherer, AlameUa.
smokeless coal-burning furnace; Oliver S.
Hoover, Stanford University, and M. T.
Hoover. Mountain View., device for Kathering
prunes; Sieve T. John3on,Trinidad. ax; Thomas
E Leece, Bishop, apparatus for working ores
of valuable metals; Robert R. Morrison, San
Francisco, electric heater: Ole Pederson. as
signor one-half to T. M. Ragosa. Los Angeles,
lens polisher, also sweeping machine; Gomcr W.
Price. San Francisco, pump; Theodore S. Sav
age. Oakland, automatic switch; David and J.
M. "Smith. Pasadena, ore stamp; Pablo Vas
quez. Halfmoon Bay, wagon-dumping gear:
Henry H. Venable. Redondo, automatic lamp
filler and measuring ran.
Oregon— Frederick Hager. Portland, paper
cutting machine. i .
Washington — Adam Melden. Seattle, attach
ment for traveling bags.
Interesting Proceedings Mark the
Opening Session of the Minis
terial Association.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 24.-Garfleld Park
Is the Mecca at this season of the year
of the members of the Christian churches
of California. The Ministerial . Associa
tion opened the convention to-day and will
continue in session until Thursday, when
the Sunday School Association will con
vene. The Rev. W. H. Martin of Fresno
presided and the Rev.. T. M. Reagor of
Colusa was chosen secretary. The new
ministers who were introduced to the as
sociation were the Rev. W. V. Bolz of
Oregon, the Rev. W. L. "White of West
Side Church, San Francisco, the Rev. Mr.
Hoernig of Paso Robles, the Rev. G. A.
Sapp of San Jose. Dean Hiram Van Kirk
of the Berkeley Bible Seminary and the
Rev. F. M. Cook of West Africa. The
attendance this morning was very good
and the session was an Intensely Interest
ing one.
The Rev. S. T. Nesbltt of Pacific Grove
led the singing, assisted by a large choir.
The session opened with devotional ex
ercises. A paper on "Why Are the
Churches Losing Their Power Over the
People?" was read by the Rev. Henry
Shadle of Sacramento. An address on
"The Impending Crisis" was given by the
Rev. T. A. Boyer of Stockton.
The Rev. F. M. Cook, a missionary
from West Africa, gave an Interesting
talk on his work in the dark continent.
This afternoon the Rev. J. A. Brown of
Salinas delivered an address on '"The
Atonement."
The Rev. J. W. Kelsey of Bakersfielrl
spoke on "Recovering Lost Power." Tho
discussion on this subject was opened by
the Rev. E. T. Nesbitt of Pacific Grov&.
The service this evening at the taber
nacle began with a praise service, fol
lowed by a sermon by the Rev. J. A.
Brown.
Among the ministers who have arrived
are:
Dean Kirk of the Berkeley Bible Seminary,
the Rev. A. M. Klston. Berkeley; the Rev. Eli
Fisher of Petaluma, the Kev. J. A. Brown.
Salinas; the Rev. T. A. Boyer, Ptockfn; the
Rev. R. L. McHatton, Santa Cruz: the Rew
H. H. Sawyer, Watsonvlll«»: the Rev. R. X.
Davis, Gllro'y: the Rev. W. II. Martin, Fresno;
th<» Kev. E. T. .Neybitt, Pacific Grove; the Rev.
Henry Shadle, Sacramento; the Rev. Frank
Ford. San Francisco; the Rev. Joseph Shield.
Nlpomo; the Revv. H. C. Shropshire, Lomj>oc;
the Rev. J. II. IIugKes. Chlro: the Rev. Mr.
IMxr.n. Chlco: the Rev. J. S. Pierce. Elk Creek;
the Rev. J. H. McCullough, Irvlngton: the Rev.
C. W. Jopson, Los Gatos: the Rev. J. C. Cog
pins, Gridlcy; the Rev. J. ' Russell. Palo Alto;
the Rev. Thomas Lawson, State evangelist;
the Rev. Clarence Neeilham. Gait: the Uev.
G. D. King. Concord: the Rev. S. R. Murphy,
Red Bluff: the Rex. J. \V. Kelsey. BakersfleUl:
the Rev. TV. L. White. San Francisco: the
Rev. E. B. Sapp. San Jose; the Rev. J. D.
¦\Yllmot. Valleio.
CONVENTION OF CHRISTIAN
CHURCHES AT THE SEA
PROFESSOR CARL COPPING
PLEKN of the University of Cal
ifornia has been appointed super-
Visor of the census of the Philip
pine Islands. The appointment comes di
rectly from President Taft of the Philip
pine Commission, with the approval of
Superintendent M.erriam of the United
States census.
The Regents of the University yester
day granted Professor Plehn a year's
leave of absence from his duties as as
sociate professor of linance, and he will
at once cable his acceptance to President
Taft_ As soon as he can arrange matters
of business here. .Professor Plehn will
leave with his wife for Manila.
Tho taking of the census of the Philip
pine Islands will be a most difficult
undertaking, and the appointment of
Professor Plehn to supervise it is a trib
ute to his recognized ability as a statis
tician and to hi? success as supervisor of
census for this district.
Durinp their two centtiriPs of occupa
tion of the Philippines, the Spanish never
attempted anything like a systematic
census. The difficulty of the undertaking
will be appreciated when it is remem
bered that there are eighty different
tribes in the islands, each speaking its
own language, and many of tfiem savage
and suspicious cf any sort of enumer
ation. It will be Professor Plehn's duty
to plan the methods of securing the de
hired information as to population, indus
tries and resources; appoint supervisors
of tho districts and enumerators who
understand the language of the tribe to
be enumerated, and to supervise the col
lection of statistics. The tabulation will
be dono in this country.
Professor Plehn is a graduate of Brown
University. His "Introduction to Pub
lic Finance"! is used as a text book in
all thf- leaning universities in the country.
He demonstrated his fitness to solve dif
ficult problems in census work by his
succrss with the Chinatown enumeration,
in spite of 'lifflculties arising through the
plague quarantine. He devised a calen
dar for ascertaining the birth of Chlneso
In western chronology which proved so
ingenious and useful that it was adopted
by the census authorities for use
throughout the country.
The preliminary examination of the boy
was held to-day and he was committed
for manslaughter.
The boy went Into his brother's room,
climbed over the bed, got the gun and,
pointing It at the Chinaman, snapped it.
It missed lire. He aimed again and pulled
the trig-gcr. The cartridge exploded this
time, the bullet sped to Its mark and the
Chinaman fell face forward on the floor
and died in a few minutes. Then the boy
replaced the gun. After this the youthful
murderer went out of the back door and
down the street to where a house was be
ing removed, where he nonchalantly
watched the men at work.
The story of the murder as obtained
from the lad was that there had been a
disagreement between him and the China
man. The deceased had laughed at him,
whereupon the young lad avered he would
shoot him. This caused the Chinaman to
laugh again.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 24.-Mah Lin,
the Chinese cook of Mr. Chenoweth of
Rossland. was found dead In the kitchen
of the Chenov.-eth house on the morning
of May 23 with a gunshot wound In his
head, and the manner of his death has
just been discovered. Ernest, the 8-year
old son of Mrs. Chenoweth, shot the Chi
naman because he had teased him by
laughing at him. This Is the gist of a
confession made by the boy to Assistant
Superintendent P. K. Ahcarn of the Plnk
erton agency of Seattle, who had been,
engaged by the Chinese and the local
peace officer, John Raymer.
Special LHspatch to The CalL
Crime Is Committed in May, and After Two
Months' Work a Detective Unravels
the Mys'ery.
CONFESSES AFTER LONG SILENCE
Takes a Gun From a Rack,
Aims Carefully and Fires
the Fatal Shot,
ErnestChenowethShoots
a Chinese Cook for
Laughing,
EIGHT-YEAR
OLD BOY A
MURDERER
VAXCOCVEH. B. C. July 2t-Steves
tca. tha Cslilns vllLa^e, Is under martial
law. tiie xnilitia. la supreme and the strik
ers bave l*&en temporarily coercoJ into a
sersblaxce cf peaceubleness, though th«y
are indulging in most lurid threais as to
what tiiey •v.ill do.
TSie crisis in tie salsion Jlsbenaea's
ttrike at Steveston came tnia morning.
The Japanese, vrhj outnumber by three
to c— o all the whites and fishermen of
other rationalities on the river, went out
Ashing in ueliance of the orders of the
vaion. and were working all day under
xniUtary protection. The expected out
burst of trouble, the row in which half a.
dozen killings were predicted, did not
come c2 this morning. Instead the effect
oi SM isiiitUancn. lined up a.t the daxiger
XJOints iiXouna town, was one of warning
tt> the strikers, who stood sullenly, wiia
tneir nanua iu their pockets, watching me
Japanese sail cut to tne rishing grounds.
Wiiat wxs eiiuivaient to martlaj ia.w waj*
prooiairaed on Tuesday morning.
Twesty strikers jesterdiiy raided tna
store oi lOaglstraie Hunt, and in th©
trouble whicii ensued there they threat
ened to burn every cianery to-day and do
their best to destroy the business it' the
Jui>a.neie attempted to carry cut the pro
posal lo go listing. Thereupon three mag
lsir-ites tl&iied ine rt-QuitiLioa to Colonel
Worsnop ot V'iincouver iLsking for the sol-.
<jit-rs. U'he going out of tho militiamen
vii a. complete surprise to the strikers,
and the serving out of twenty-four rounds
ol ball ajnmuiiitiuu had a most salutary
*The strikers thereafter stood around the
wharves bitterly denouncing the authori
ties who had soldiers there to protect the
Japanese and *weaxiryr vengeance oa the
latter.
Ai the union meeting held this morn
ing. Vice President Kogers, who Is now
out on ball, having been arrested on a
charge ol intimidation, urged his men
to t2_ke no hasty action. He said he did
not think that the soldiers would obey
c command to fire. They were all labor
ing men like the fishermen, he Eaid^ and
would lav down their arms in the orticers'
xaees rather than taice any action. Reso
lutions were then passed confirming tha
t:and to work for twenty-five cents only,
axd never to accept twenty cents, like
th.e Japanese.
• Tne Indians ara also holding out and
are threatening to leave for cone and
cesert the river for good. The white men
gay this afternoon thev war also leave
the river, abandoning- ft to the ilon&ol
lans, who have been allowed to unlawful
ly come In and usurp tha places of tha
whites.
Vhe Japanese had their plans splendidly
organized. They paid attention to noth
ing Nut their work of preparing to em
bark at S o'clock. At ten minutes to 8
r.ot three boats were en the river. Just
at S o'clock they begran to pull out. Five
minutes later the river was white with
-die sails of a thousand boats and in a fine
breoze they pushed out to sfa. Their ser
ried ranks were bo compact that one
couid not have seen a steamer approach
hxg. TJiere was one long wall of canvas
and twenty steamers could not have
etopped their pcing out. The fifteen hun
6r*d boats started out under the pro
tection of the Sixth Regirnent. The raili-
Tiiitnen were formed in lir.e around the
wharves, ar.d with loaded rifles warned
1 r,< k the GU strikers who had hitherto
prevented ar:y fisherman this season from
plrins his calling on the Fraser.
The Japanese will be fishing all night.
Th*> strikers threaten that when the
Vrown DShen&en come back they will
throw a".l the fish overboard. Colonel
Worsnop does r.ot believe they will dare
to attack th* Japanese upon their return
jroni their fishirj? trip late to-night and
the nnncn think that th« strike has
been broken.
Epochal 2>:sp*ldi to Tbe Coll.
Caucasian and Indiai Fishermen Discuss
ths Ques'jcn of Abanionlnj the River
to the Llltls Brown Men.
MILITIAMEN PRESERYE PEACE
Japanese Sail Gayly Out to
Sea While the Whites
Make Threats.
Steveston, the Fishing
Village, Under Mar
tial Law.
SOLDIERS
OVERAWE
STRIKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900.
WILL SUPERVISE THE
PHILIPPINE CENSUS
Special Dispatch to The Call. "
SAN JOSE. July 24.— Mrs. F. D. Fuller.
San Jose Woman's Ankle Broken.
PORT TOWNSEXD. Wash.. July 24.—
The United States cutter Manning arrived
here to-day, seven days and four hours
from Dutch Harbor, with flag at half
mast on account of the death of her chief
engineer. A. J. Xoonan. who expired on
board the vessel at Dutch Harbor July 18
from apoplexy. His remains will be sent
from Seattle to his home In Boston, ac
companied by an officer of the Manning.
Mr. Noonan was 46 years of age and
had. been In the revenue-cutter service
since 1SS3. After the remains are shipped
the Manning will return to Dutch Harbor
and Nome.
Chief Engineer Noonan of the Beve
nue Cutter Succumbs to Apoplexy.
DIES ON THE MANNING.
The steamer will leave Jackson-street
wharf. San Francisco, at 9 a. m. and re
turn about 5 p. m. Round-trip tickets JL
5
__THE_ EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM.
$ See our Thursday Advertisement. 3
| School Books, and Supplies, J
% The special School Baok and School Stationery Departments will be ready for business to-morrow >j
g (Thursday) morning — main floor, back of rotunda, the big store sells everything that a scholar in any
H school can poss'bly need. Special attention will be given to children. They can do their own shopping
|£ in thi3 store in a manner that will be satisfactory to their parents. \|
| p a !jjB^B? l '$^' a reliable watch wS$h every %
I school suit bought here this week\
jj£ A good American nickel-plated Watch, like picture, open faced, full sized, ex- /^^ «*
jf ce" lent timekeeper, guaranteed for one year, given with every school suit bought in ViV f*
*; the big store this week. The best of boys* ready-to-wear clothing &
x at departtnsnt store prices* //Z^^Wf^K *
** . Ail-woo!, 2-piece School Suits, 8 to 16 years— $2*45 to $7.50 ///%¦ ® V^§\ '*
h . All-wool. 3-piece School Suits. 10 to 16 years— S3. 95 to Xfi.OO (f^ / S >^\ .«
K Hoys' L»'p Pants Suits for a?es 13 to 19 year-i — $4.95 to $15. QO i{L / — ,-fiJ '<»
Jf Special Sale of Special Sale ot %f j£?\ %$ *
£ Groceries— Liquors Terra Cotta Guspi- $
it Chocolate — Miner's ground C oco- tsOfGSm 5*
£ la e. 1-lb tins to-dav 2Oc . . . O—-«— >t~W CS~W** ~* •
J Deviled Ham-Ulbefa, i-!b rin* The test bargain in OpSCIQl &aiC Of j
£ —to-day 4-c (&> -^i Caspidores that we have f % mmtm4*%Swm 93**4 "*
£ fly Paher—' Sare Catch,' 1 none bat- ever effjrad— nearly 430 %*Ur*aMn tWGtm .«
ter, 25 double sheets ia a box— to-d»v. /g&r^^J in the !ot — lar S a 3 r9 t?rra A c quality cf Nottingham Curtain £
£ per box 26c Ffgpfc} *l cotta » w *h raised colored Net, 44 hches w;d3, ecru and white, in |t
J£ Poft or* Shoppy — Good, who:e- leav??, as in picture — red, fishnet desigis «even patterns — the •*•
jj= some wines, full quart bottle — oa spe- grefn and brown — on spe- proper thirg for 9\%h or rcS? curtains — •'
a? cial sale to-iayvWedneiday), per bottle cial sae to-day only (Wednesday), -— on special sa e Wediesdav oa:y, -/¦ \
tf '. 20c each IOC peryard M**C)t
jf Main Floor — Rear. Crockery Department — Main Floor. Curtain Department— Back ol Elevator.
I SssS& off KingimBst & Fox's Ladies' Shoes. I
I Ladies' $2.50 Shoes, $1.63; Ladies' $3 Shoes, $1.98; 5
I Ladies' $3.50 Shoes, $2.37; Ladies' $5 Shoes, $3.35. g
|: * A shoe sale withou: parallel in the history of this city. Thousands of pairs %
g of new, stylish, up-to-date shoes, ju^t completed by the manufacturer and bought $
j: bv us at Q5g on the dollar— all sizes, all witiths, no short lines, S
x no brokers sizes, HO old styles. Belter buy two or three pairs of these |
& shoes, for the styles will ce correct tor months to come, and such a trade oppor- j?
i tunity as this is not liable to come again in a hurry. £
Jf Special Sale of yr'vwTTr-.r-ifT^i^Mm.^ii ¦ *m Sale of Taffeta £
£ Ladies' Neckwear. Special Sale of Skirt Lining. g
% Jabots Fancy SUkSm The regu'ar 15c grade of Tjff*tn Skirt £
% /ZSSfiX & => s "d FlCCk [ A choice lot of $1.23, 51.50. $1.75 Li .™S ; brocaded and striped. 31 inches £
«f CW%2fcrda Ruches -A ! ar.d $2.00 Fancy Silk?, consisting cf »n a fine shade of b.ack an article J,
MfcSli iM^^ 1 'ot of 2D0. in i plain £tripe ?> lace stripes, figured that looks well and give 3 e ood wear-on & .
{(M? W style* as shown. \ Stripes, Persian, plaid and printed special sale to-day, WedaesJay, f * ~
111 ' f r#K, o l oredan , d l 77 fff f 9 ' V^p' ? ndeve T? Ba?^n va T^M a vrA.s,;: fIC |
- *> dr/Ql'' ' ''¦¦•'$i? "lac*, new and | shades; also a few Persian printed ¦ &_
& w ThT ifi-'Zii-' *JU> styii3h effect?, Fou ; ard3. all handsome si ks. minuTac- Snt*f*B29i &2*Sf* fvf »S
& 3d} >#W? regularly $1.00 tured for this season'a trade-on km a a Us V
K %£&£ and $L25-on i special gale to-day, Wednes- -j^ IVIStaS PlaqUCS. Jf
j^ ***¦$+? special sa'e to- day, per yard %$i£C 144 > artistical'y designed, decorated Ji.
** ffl S ** ay ( W*-n33- Barcain Tables— Main Aiei*. g Matal . Piaqnes, 9 ioehss in diainster,
&' dny) £>o & f*JMJ&Ui T f''tftfjf$ jftty^yarai'iiiTi^ri fflSMh 3 flMtiFI 'ook exactly like ni painting, a large S
J> only.,. <t$i$Q assortment of subjects, regularly 25c •'
H Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. each — on special sale to-dav '%
I Sale of Finest „, s^ c L al Sat % of ' Ze \
I Laoe Curtains. ™?? e 1 j>££ '„£*££; Carpef Speefe/s |
£ All the week your choc j of our entire etc»— 1500 yards checks and stripe*, rOI* BillS UwSGrt* '$
ft? line of Irish Point, Brussels, Bat tenberg pretly pink? and bin??, well suited for tngnaln Carpels — Heavy acper *«
| *»* and Point da Calais Lace Curtains, rang- children's dresses, ladies' waists and quality, choice designs, large* assort- "2
I* ing in price from $7 53 to $20.00, at wrappers, and msn's shirts, regular values nent of patterns, worth 60c per vard "^
K One-Quarter Off 1?J:. 15caad2)cperyard— 3pecial q --our price th 3 week 4Og"m
%> the regular low prices. price to-diy. Wednesday ¦»€? TapGGtny Brussels —Compete g
X — — Bargain Tables— Main Aisle. ]j ne o f nea t, pretty patterns— worth jc
J ClOak Department 55c P er yard— cur prica this week Jj
£ Clearing Prices. Special Sale of Smit^lixmJnsioi^-nJ^. %
J* 6)c Shirt Wahts Tt%via4 Cmom high-pile carper, elegant parlor ef- .'C
ft 33C <~ol M UiiCM r&SJiJp, fects— the very special prica per vard. g
! «? $1 Duck Skirts.. J^K&L G'vcerine. Qat- thi« week 9Oc~£
* .48c /#£&*? meal or Honey r^-^-s^^^x^^V 1OOO Carpet Rugs — FrvgdX
$ 75c Shirt Wains }$&? T;ilot Soap, the [ >^'^ C^'V^JV V h>th en*«, made of Tapestry. Velvet. £
tt 48c ffV» mammoth Fize, < r^'^h- '^ B>ir Brussels and Axminster Car- 3
$• $1 Shirt Waista. 6-ounce cake?, f ¦ptf^ =-'3OAji. I pets — each 75G to $1mOO *
% 69c jzz0%J\ a fir ' e q a3lt y. >U-..i » _-^r g
A* $1.25 Fanc-y . Ua- manufactured by Andrew J.Tgens, sold regu- m&OmUU A - &
I *C derskirts «. n"j',?H \ lar'y 25c for box of 3 cakes — on special B3?<nr>Efta*» \ \\ •"*
!& 79C \M£X) Fae t0 - d3 ? (Wedcaiday) only. „ K °g% «*% fepNl 5
fi? $2 Wash S^rt*.. sVS^tV b:x *OC &£Zm/& Wfe*A$& Jtf
St . 33C crr\(X*^\» Rotunda— Toilet* Article Department. P»^'«- p..v _ K^Jt j"r "^G* « r i
g $2.00- Wrapper, X|/^ _ exact y a, n cut! ¦ g
I ii^iSSS, J £$ { Cushion Tops and s^{ o o tl r c Te 9 i \ l T |
I SlkV &3 95 /j& ll\ Table Covers. »p»»* «?» .«p- mkSm £
j* .-OJ'iSo / fl V v« \ holstered in dam- fe '~—-^l *'
£. $7.50 Skirt' • / & f Z s^L \ A 8 P ecial sale to-day i Wednesday) to k d v .j our4 y— " 1SJK S
I I **' 7S VkA { § %^\ C1 Tt°m °p d l0t9 ° f SUmped Ca ' bi ° a T ° P3 ' has hgh back and kSfSS^, %
U $10.00 Jjckn-.. YV7 fi I \ \ and Table Covers: . \ WsS^SIsift «
* $4.95 \ V / ft W \ 25c and 30c L nen Cushion Tops- t9c ularvaSoOC-^ W&^^ *
£ $22.50 Tailor \ \W20c D^nim Cushion Tops for..... 14c pedal WV^^? "I
£ DreFS-s < Ikj^ 30c and 35c Denim Tab'e Covers 24c * P if 7 WVv^J ?
It $14,f~Q Zr^^ 63c. GJcani 75c Barlap Table Covars-46'C 7 "£'£'"£"£ V^[L ='
Second Floor— Front. • Fourth Section — Main Floor. *&45mMw& Jt
& . — — — _— — — ««r
t ticular interest || S^HTi^S in^ to take to !v
S nf ilfll P^ ©oldenRiate Bazaar. 7 I
i dren. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE of charge" %
%* " " '%
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
The Prostate Gland (so-callfd neck of b!s4>
der) 13 a structure very rich In nerves. When
th# terminations of these nerves are kept In a
constant state of excitement, by chrcnlc In-
flammatory processes. It appears very clear
that by transmission of this Irritation to other
rerves the patient mar be subject to nervous
phenomena of the most rarted character. Pre-
matureness. Loss of Vitality, etc., are not
weaknesses, but symptoms of this Irrfamma-
tion. We have prepared a colored chart, which
«t will »«^* fre « ° n application, by which any
one tnteresVd can readily understand why, if
be has been treated for a weakness, he has not
been cured. We particularly solicit this class
of cases, and can promise a speedy cure.
A Damaged Prostate Gland.
BY FAR THE MOST FREQUENT CACSE
of nervous disorders of the male la
Strictly Reliabls!
aw Dr. Talcott
Mr & Co -
t/^\^?lW Diseases and
/ )gk0&\\5S> Weakness of
When onlyIt will of course be a good thing for the better ele
ments of the Republican party to defeat any- unworthy
candidate the bosses may succeed in putting on the
ticket, but it will be better to defeat the bosses in the
primaries and prevent them from having anything to
do with the nomination of Republican candidates.
Kaiser William talks, but the Czar sends forth his
armies, and thus we have another illustration of the
truth that a fellow who swears he wishes peace may
often be quicker on the fight than the one who brags
of what he is going to do when he gets a ready on.
The national Democracy is threatened with the loss
of a more or less useful ally. Some of the Silver Re
publicans have been guilty of the grossest heresy
against jBryanism by declaring that they never will
take their medicine straight.
China has pleaded with the powers that if Tientsin
were destroyed it could not be rebuilt in one hundred
years. This ought to suggest one way at least of
keeping some of the Boxers out of bloodthirsty mis
i chief.
One of our local fishmongers has been caught sell
ing sharks for sturgeon. The expose of the probate
outrage by The Call has probably created the im
pression that sharks are game well worth baiting.
i The Paris Exposition is out of luck. As a celebra
tion of the dawn of peace it is a failure. Nearly every
visitor who goes to the city comes away with a wild
desire to fight the first thing that comes along. -
The alarmists who ?re fearful that the Filipinos can
never be Americanized may content themselves that
they are mistaken.. Some of the little brown men have
already been caught counterfeiting American dollars.
The Grand Jury has done well in indicting three
ct the conspirators engaged in the looting of the Sul
livan estate, but it should remember there are others.
THE SUMMER'S FIRES.
ONE would suppose that after the wide publicity
given to the damage done by summer fires in
our mountain forests some extra care would
be taken by people who resort to the mountains to
prevent fire.
That this is not the case, however, is shown by the
unusual prevalence of forest fires. In El Dorado
County a large sugar pine region is being shaven
bare by the flames. The finely timbered country' be
tween the forks of the American River is all on fire,
and higher up in the Sierras the conflagrations are
numerous and widespread. As for the origin of these
conflagrations, exact knowledge is difficult. The fool
who starts a fire by carelessness doesn't know what he
has done, and the scoundrel who does it viciously is
too smart to talk about it.
If fools and fire could be separated very much harm
would be avoided. The summer fool usually goes to
the mountains in the society of a cigarette, and casts
the noisome remains of his companion in the dry
grass, where it is almost sure to start a fire. If the
summer fool have a pipe for company he is usually
so absorbed in getting it lighted properly that he
throws the still burning match into the grass and goes
on his way puffing his tobacco and leaving destruc
tion, danger and may be death behind him. One fool
of this sort was recently observed by some children
in starting a fire in that way. Experience had taught
them the awful consequences that would follow, and
they bravely attacked the fire and extinguished it
after a hard battle, while the hulking fool who had
committed a felony walked off unconcerned. Several
Winchesters in that neighborhood were soon brought
out, and if be bad been found he would have been
taught that life and pioperty arc not to be destroyed
by being too lazy or too indifferent to extinguish the
fire on a match before casting it away.
Some more agitation of this snbiect, that will teach
l>eople the law in the case, will result in the capture
of a few of these fools and sending them to prison.
The crime h arson of the vilest kind and should be
punished with the greatest severity. The element of
malice is presumed in their case, and when they shed
fire in tbe dry season where it is sure to cause a con
flagration there should be no attention paid to the
plea that they did not mean to do harm.
Everybody in Califorrjia is interested in preventing
I forest fires and in punishing those who start them.
j The Hc?truction of the forests is greater every year
! instead of less. Last year the main, fires did not
start until September. This year they were well un
der way by the last of June, and July has witnessed
the origin and ravages of a score of fresh ones. In
! our cities we maintain a costly Fire Department to
! extinguish fires and. a police to detect their begin
ning. Yet if all combustible property in the cities of
California were to burn, the loss would not equal
that wrought in one summer by forest fires. The ac
j tual destruction of merchantable timber is appalling,
hut every acre burned over in the mountains lessons
the fertility of an acre in the valleys. When the moun
tain forests are finally extirpated the fruitfulness of
our valleys will disappear.
The wealth of California lies in the operation of
two natural -laws, evaporation and gravity. With
the equilibrium of nature left undisturbed their
operation is beneficent. The moisture that rises
by evaporation is transported to the mountains and
J precipitated, and gravity transports it back to the
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. T. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
W. Aubrey Fortcscue of Ben Lomond
is registered at the California.
Mark L. McDonald of Santa Rosa is
among the guests of the Lick.
S. McKeown, a prominent citizen of An
geles, is a guest of the Palace.
John Sparks, one of the cattle kings of
Nevada, is registered at the Palace.
W. H, -Nichols, a leading merchant of
Courtland, is a guest at the Grand.
A. B. Lemmon, a well known citizen of
Santa Rosa, is registered at the Grand.
Mrs. C. T. Mills, president of Mills Semi
nary, has returned from a trip East.
O. O. Webber, a well known attorney
of Santa Rosa, is registered at the Lick.
Thomas Marshall, a prominent mining
man of Grass Valley, is a gnest of the
Lick.
Morris Michael, a well known mer
chant of Woodland, is stopping at the
Grand.
W. Mead, a well-known railroad man of
Portland, Or., Is registered ' at the Occi
dental.
A. B. Chaney, proprietor of the South
ern Hotel of Bakersfleld, is registered at
the Lick.
J. A. Pauly, a San Diego pioneer and a
yeoman of the days of the boom, is stop
ping at the 'Grand.
Charles L. Morrill, prominent among
the oil men 'of Southern California, Is a
guest of the Grand.
A. A. Grant, the well-known railroad
contractor. Is at the Palace, having re
cently arrived from Albuquerque. »
Louis G. Dreyfus and family of Santa
Barbara are at the California. Mr. Drey
fus is one of the most prominent citizens
of the channel city.
Captain Jack Crawford wires to Gen
eral R. H. "Warfield from Tacoma that he
will arrive In San Francisco In the trans
port Rosecrans. The ship sailed from Ta
coma yesterday.
George C. Dillard, passenger agent of
the Santa Fe route in Syracuse, N. Y.,
and Charles A. Marsh, passenger agent of
the same line In New York City, are here
studying the conditions of passenger traf
fic in this city in the interest of the com
pany they represent.
The mail steamer Australia sails for
Honolulu to-day with a full list of pas
sengers and every ounce of cargo she can
carry. Among those who will go out on
the vessel are Hon. M. M. Estee and wife.
On his arrival at Honolulu Mr. Estee will
assume. the duties of Judge of the District
Court of Hawaii. Accompanying Mr. Es
tee will be Miss Ryan, his private secre
tary, and K. Mailing, who will be clerk of
the court. J. C. Baird, who will be United
States District Attorney of Hawaii, will
also be a passenger. Others who will go
to Honolulu on the Australia are Prince
David and W. H. Cornwall, two of the
delegates from Hawaii to the Democratic
National Convention, and Oscar T. Sew
all, president of the American-Hawaiian
Steamship Company. >
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 24.— C. C. McDougall
of San Francisco is at the Gilsey. L. D.
Waring of Los Angeles is at the Empire.
MEXICAN INDEPENDENCE
DAY IS TO BE OBSERVED
The ninetieth anniversary of the inde
pendence of Mexico will be celebrated ap
propriately by the Mexican colony of San
Francisco on September 16. The Initiative j
has been taken by Hon. A. K. Coney,
Consul General of Mexico, who called a
meeting, at which the following ccfmmit
tee was elected to take charge of the af
fair: •>.— ¦¦: %
Hon. A. K. Coney, honorary president;
Charles Baer, president; Gustav Levy,
vice president ;• A. <3e la Torre Jr., Becre
tary; T. "Arteche. assistant secretary;. J.
J. Arzave, treasurer; executive commit- |
tee — Dr. A. Maldonado, Francisco Carran- ,;
za\ Carmeon Jimenez: Alejandro Rojo, j
Prospero Espinosrr, Salvador Vlllalobos, j
Vidal Medina, Ksteban Ybarra, Santiago j
McManus, Federico Olmedo. Alberto
Scott. Abellno Tejeda, Raul Gallardo, Ar
turo Suarez and Anastacio Montero. \
There will be literary exercises on the
afternoon of the 16th and an all-night
ball.
» » «
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DIED OF WOUXDS-A. G., San Colum
bano, Italy. To ascertain the names and
number of men in the Union and Confed
erate service who bore the title of gen
eral in conjunction with the prefix of ma
jor, brigadier and the like would require
a search of the war records of each army,
and to ascertain how many of these died
from the effect of wounds received dur
ing the- war would require a further
search that no one would undertake.
ETIQUETTE OF DRIVING— H. A.,
Menlo Park, Cal. The rule of etiquette j
in driving horses does not require a per
son to perform an impossibility. For in
stance if a gentleman is driving a horse
or pair that require him to hold rein3
and whip at the same time, and while
doing this there comes up from the oppo
site direction a carriage in which there
Is a lady of his acquaintance, he need not
raise his hat. A plgasant smile is all that
is requisite. He is not required to take
chances with the horse or team he Is
driving in order to show his politeness.
PEAT AND TURF— W. S. S., City. The
difference between peat and turf is thus
explained by Professor Silliman: "In
many northern countries the vegetation
of mosses, ferns, sedges, confervae.
rushes, reeds and many small plants accu
mulate in morasses, swamps and low
places, each winter adding its quota to
the mass of decomposing vegetable mat
ter. In its turn making the soil of a new
vegetation in the ensuing spring. Thus,
considerable accumulations aro formed in
process of time, the lower portions of
which are black, unctuous and somewhat
dense and are called peat, while the upper
layers are spongy, fibrous and less per
fectly decomposed and are called turf." _
THE WEALTH OF NATIONS— A. G..
San Columbano, Italy. There are no exact
figures as to the wealth of nations. There
are approximations based upon the
amount of money in banks and figures
furnished by the census, which give a I
general idea. The latest figures published
are: Argentine republic. $1.66f>.00O.0nO;
Australia, $4,950,000,000; Austria, $18,060,
00O.0O0; Belgium. J4.03O.O0O.O0O; Canada.
$3,250 ,000.000; Denmark, J1.S30.000.000;
France. $45.300.nO0.0OO, Germany, WO.tul.OOO.
000; Great Britain and Ireland. $4S,60O.O0O,
00O; Greece. $l,or».00O.O0O: Holland, $4,935.
000.000; Italy, $15.75o.000.0u0: Mexico. $3,190,
000,000: Norway. $1.4!0.000.000; Portugal,
$1.8SS.OOO.flOO; Spain. $7.963.0130,000: Sweden.
$3,475,000,000: Switzerland. $ 1,620. 000 .COO:
United States. $100,000,000,000.
» ? •
Trade With Bolivia.
President Charles Nelson of the Cham
ber of Commerce has addressed a letter to
Senator Perkins calling attention to the
handicap local merchants are laboring un
der in their efforts to build up a trade
with Bolivia. He states that the people of
that country are very desirous of pur
chasing from California wines, flour and
canned groods, but comi>etltion from Chile
nnd France prevent. Both of these coun
tries have many advantages in this re
spect which the Vnlted States has not,
owing to treaties. Senators Perkins in re
ply states that he will lay the matter be
fore Special Commissioner J. A. Kapson,
with the view of securing equal treaty
advantages.*
FROM THE JOKE BOOK.
WILLING TO HAVE SUCH TROUBLES.
"There is no reason for you to envy
me," said the prosperous person. "I have
as many troubles as you."
"I dessay you do, mister," admitted Dis
mal Dawson, "but the difficulty with ma
is that I ain't got nothing else."— Stray
Stories.
WHY SHE SAID IT.
Bobbs— My wife told me last nl&ht that
I was the smartest man on earth.
Dobbs— Huh! She was talking through
her hat.
Bobbs— Oh, no. She was talking for her
hat.— Baltimore American.
OX HIS GUARD.
Ida— It la so courteous In him to held
that umbrella over her.
May-It is not courtesy. It Is prudence.
He knows if she holds it he will lose an
eye.— Chicago News.
OF COURSE, HOW COULD SHE?
He|-How could you lead ma on. when
you^knew all the time I -was la love withi
"Why, if you hadn't been, how could r
have done it?"— Life.
MERELY JUDICIOUS INVESTMENT.
"Angelina, you are spending a big lot of
money on artistic dies for your sta
tionery."
' "Well, what of It? If I ever get to tha
poorhouse 111 have something to prove
that Ive seen better.days."— Chicago Rec
ord.
Even time, it appears, cannot go the pace which has
been started by the reckless adventurers at Cape
Nome. The dispatches announce that somebody
made the startling discovery a few days ago that all
the clocks in camp were an hour slow.
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
CHINESE women are probably the most industrious or
Oriental women. Even the women with little feet employ
themselves In various ways. They do needlework, work
for the temples and make paper flowers, which they are
fond of wearing in their hair. It is not unusual to see a woman
up to her knees In mud wearing most elaborate head dec
orations. For the temples they make incense sticks, print Clptn
and paper for the dead and make dead men's money. The lat
ter is made of yellow paper cut in slits, and has gold or silver
foil pasted on one side. This they believe to be current In the
other world. Besides this, they print pictures of clothing, furni
ture and articles of general utility upon cloth or paper with
v.ooden stamps. These are burned at the grave.
The "kitchen god," which is found in the kitchen of
every house, is elaborate according to the means of the pro
prietor, and this, too, is made by the women. It is a banner
like affair, made of paper, and may have, if the family whom it
is to protect is poor, only the name of the god written upon it. |
Oi it may resemble somewhat the old picture medleys which |
were made of advertising cards. In the latter case it is covered j
with representations of vases of flowers and domestic animals j
cut out of red paper and pasted ingeniously together. Even' j
New Year's day this is burned, and ascends in flame as an of
fering to the "upper ruler," and a new god must be ready to
take its place. If evil words are said before the kitchen god
he will make a bad report, and evil will descend upon the
household.
Filial piety is the great virtue of China and disrespect to
ward parents or those who are older is a crime. Older brothers
and sisters are always addressed as "older brother," "older sis
ter," and a measure of respect is shown by brothers to sisters
who are their seniors. At table guests are always seated ac
cording to their ages, -and the second question of courtesy is
always, "What Is your'honorable age?" The first is. "Have you
eaten rice?" This is equivalent to our "How do you do?"
/ Obedience to parents is demanded by the civil law. and dis
obedience is punishable by arrest and imprisonment.
When I was in Peking a few years ago my attention was
called to the loopholes that perforate the wall of the city, and
I noticed in one place that there were three of these quite close
together which were closed. The reason for the closing of these
and a few others that I discovered was explained to me as
follows: Parricide Is in China the greatest of crimes, and when
such a deed is perpetrated the murderer Is killed, his house is |
razed to the ground and the dirt under it dug up. In addition
to this, in Peking the loophole in the wall facing the district
in which the crime was committed is closed as a perpetual
testimony against that section, while the prefect of the city
and at times the Governor of the province are in danger of
degradation from office for lax rule. Although this is an ancient
custom in Peking, Xhe number of closed loopholes is not great.
The Chinese wall is a favorite promenade for foreigners.
From it may be seen the yellow tiled roofs of the palaces and
groves in me aacreu v-»ij., »"u «»v»<-..w~.— » —¦¦_.,
plain, bounded by hills.
There Is no pleasure to be derived from riding In Peking. I
took eight drives in a Peking cart, and live to tell the tale,
but It took every minute of my Intention to "keep all my Joints
from dislocating simultaneously. The carts have two wheel3
placed on solid beams, and the rider sits flat upon the floor.
They are drawn by donkeys or mules.
Manchu -women wear their hair In a broad, stiff bowknot.
which distinguishes them from the Chinese women. The Man
chus have never bound their feet. Footbinding has received
it3 death blow, and heathen officials are memorializing the Gov
ernment to abolish the practice. The queue which is worn b>
them is a badge of loyalty to the Tartar Government.
The standard book of etiquette In China was written by
Lady Cho twenty-seven hundred year3 ago. Lady Cho was the
widow of a distinguished literary man of North China, and
after his death was faithful to his memory. Her husbands
brother was historian of that dynasty, but v.'hen his work was
half completed he lost his sight. The Emperor sent a messen
ger to him, asking who could finish the book, and the reply
was returned that only his brother's wife was capable of do
ing it. The Emperor sent for Lady Cho, and she was con
ducted in the greatest of state to the Emperor's palace. Ther«
she completed her brother-in-law's work so satisfactorily that
it is impossible to tell where the man left off and the woman
began. Lady Cho afterward wrote "Instruction for Women and
Girls," which has even yet no rival. In the book she gave the
duty of women from birth to death. There are chapters on
"Instruction of Children by Mothers," "Duty of Daughters to
Parents." "Duty of Children to Teachers," "Filial Piety,"
"Hospitality, and How to Receive "Women Guests." and direc
tions for caring for clothing, how to put it away at various
seasons, how to prepare their husbands' food, reverencing their
husbands, and reverencing their mothers-in-law.
In the chapter on virtue is this terse advice: "If your
parents are gick, loosen not your girdle to He down; ajcsd if
they die, your very bones should bleed."
Regarding hospitality this ancient writer says: "As a guest,
demand nothing. As hostess, exhaust hospitality."
An exhortation for women not to yield to laziness la par
ticularly clever, and refers to the effort that a woman with
a torn garment makes to hide the rents. In these words: "A
lazy woman Is always ragged. She is forever pulling the west
over to hide, the east."
The last chapter ends with this wail: "All that are born
must die."
Regarding the capacity of Chinese women as scholars. I
have found them eager for Instruction. The same spirit that
makes the Chinaman's highest ambition to have a literary son
causes him to take kindly to the educating of hi3 daughters,
and no jealousy has so far been shown by the men lest the
women usurp their positions.
THE FIGHT FOR THE HOUSE.
CHAIRMAN BABCOCK of the Republican
Congressional Campaign Committee has once
more given warning to the party of the danger
that the various elements of opposition to the admin
istration may carry so many Congressional districts
as to give them control of the House of Representa
tives. Such success on the par,t of the malcontents
would prevent the enactment of many important
measures that are expected of the next Congress, and
thereby seriously interfere with the progressive wel
fare of the country.
In describing the situation Mr. Babcock, after
pointing out that in the Southern States the Bryanites
have 120 Congressmen sure, and that almost every
State that gives its electoral vote for Bryan will send
a solid Bryan delegation to the House, went on to
say: "For our part, the States which will give their
electoral votes to the Republicans will at the same
time have 40 per cent of their Congressional delega
tions Democratic. Just look at the Democratic rep
resentation in this Congress from New York, Penn
sylvania, New Jersey and other strongholds of Repub
licanism on national issues. • The election of Repub
lican electors from the State of New York is not
going to pull through the Republican representative;
from New York City districts. West of the Missouri
River we will have to fight to hold what we already
have. In the Northwest there are some districts
which are too close in their pluralities to be com
fortable. That will push us into New York, Penn
sylvania and Massachusetts to make gains to offset
almost certain losses in some Middle West districts.
The fight will come to a point where every vote will
count."
These statements must not be looked upon as a
mere campaign exaggeration designed to rouse po
litical ardor. They are fully justified by the facts.
The Call has once or twice had occasion to direct at
tention to a movement among Gold Democratic
papers in the East to support Democratic candidates
for Congress while opposing Bryan. It is therefore
certain that in many Congressional districts the vote
for the Bryanite candidate for Representative will be
larger than theA-ote for Bryan himself. The old
dyed-in-the-wool free traders have accepted the
Presidency of McKinley solely because they had no
other recourse against Bryanism, but they will be
very willing to handicap his administration by the
election of a Democratic House, and doubtless a good
many of them will seek to do so, in accordance with
the counsel of their Eastern organs.
In the face of such an emergency a grave respon
sibility rests upon the Republicans of every State
where there is a single Congressional district in
doubt. The margin of Republican control in the
present Congress is so small that the Bryanites will
have to gain very few seats to overthrow it. There
is therefore not a district in which the party can af
ford to take chances.
To Californians the lessons of the situation are
of particular importance. There is not an absolutely
sure district in the State. There is not one in which
a faction fight or any just ground for dissatisfaction
among the rank and file of the voters would not be
dangerous. At the conventions, therefore, the great
est care must be exercised to eliminate anything like
boss domination or unfairness in the selection of can
didates. As Chairman Babcock has said, "the fight
will come to a point where every vote will count."
There are so many good Republicans in the dis
tricts where Dibble and Wolfe are seeking nomina
tion that there is no reason in the world why the
party should take the risk of trying a yellow dog can
didate on the voters.
WEDNESDAY JULY 25. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
-^^^^^"^^T^XiTeAKE. Manager
EDITOttlAL aoOr^TTT^T to 221 Steren-ou St.
Tcli-^l'onc I*re*s _O—
Delivered t.r Carrier*. IS Oon«« Per Week.
Single Coyt«-«. 5 Cei»««.
Term* l>> Ma!!. luclndJnit Postasei
WILT CAM. nnetadta* Surrtsr). one ysr *J W
J5AIT..T CALL. «ir.c:udlns £irr.<>.*y). « month* » - w
PAILY CAM., tlndudtai Sunday). * months i.£»
DAILY CALL-Br Stotfe Month «»
fVNDAT CALL. Or» Year .' }•{£{
WKEKXY CALL Or» year --..- i'o
• nh*crli>tion«.
Eaap!* ccple* will lit rpTMrted wfcea r*c.ueeted.
Mall BUteerltoen in ordertaic chanre of iMmi should b«
pcrtfaSlar to rive fcotferSlSW AND OLD ADDRESS In crder
to izuw a prompt r.nJ correct compliance with their requeit.
OVlvLAMJ OFFICE 111S Drondwaj
C GEORGE KROGN'tSS,
Manager Fo-e^n Advertitl-.g. Marquette Budding. Chicago.
<Locc El«t*ace Telepfccw •¦Central I6I3."> t
KFW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEVT TCEK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMiTH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
eterann House; I'. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FrecicEt llcuse; Auditorium Iiotel.
\ NEW TOEK NEWS STANDS:
•vevaorf-Astcria Hotel; A. Breatano. SI Cnloa Square:
Murray Hl'.l Hotel. ______
WASHINGTON (0. C.) OFFiCE Wellington Hote.
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
I;j{ Of *¦ o • "I 1 "*! f"FI*i . — T£7 ilCEtgomery. rcm+r of Hax. or** 1^
cr.tll S 30 c' clerk, jro Hayes, ojwn until 5:30 o'clock. 633
iir Vi'.S«teT. or-eri enttl S:30 o'clock. £15 Lzrkin, open until
• ?0 c"clock. :><! il:t£icn. .-pen until ID o'clock. ?:C1 Market.
if ll*ff e:xt^«rtti. < pen uiuSl 9 o'clock. JC9S Va'»ncla. op*n
cr.f.; » o'clock. :Ct> Klfventh. open until S o'clock. NW <x:
uer 7*rfntr-»«rC"?.ii er-i Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
AT Jast it seems as though the Cuban revolution
is about to produce the fruit for which it be
gan and continued up to our intervention.
CUBA LIBRE.
The people are to vote for a constitutional coix
\ention, which is to formulate a fundamental law.
When this has been adopted the form of government
for which it provides will be Instituted, and Cuba
libre will cease to be a dream and become a fact. The
absolute independence of Cuba, unlimited except by
her hemispherical position, will be no less gratifying
to her people who fought for that result than to those
citizens of the United States who feel keenly that the
honor of this country is involved in keeping its pledge
made in the declaration of war against Spain.
But such citizens of the United States must not for
get that there is only one kind of independence.
There is no qualified kind. Our forefathers, in the
pinch of our revolutionary war, made a treaty with
France which made her suzerain to us. In that con
vention we agreed to make no foreign treaty with
out her consent. After that agreement was made, in
1778, France came to our assistance against England
and the purpose of our revolution was accomplished
by her help. When we entered upon our experi
mental independence, however, we discovered that we
were not independent, but that the treaty of 1778 was
a limitation incompatible with that perfect freedom
which was the purpose of our revolt. Accordingly
we immediately proceeded to violate our treaty with
France, and assumed the risk of war with our ally
and benefactor.
Now, notwithstanding this chapter in our own his
tory, the statement is made that our Congress will re
vise and amend the Cuban constitution. before it be
comes operative, and that Congress will forbid Cuba
to make any treaty without our consent, and that
Cuba libre shall not have even the poor privilege of
going into debt unless we permit it!
Against this proposed programme we protest. It
is not keeping even the letter of our pledge. If the
Cubans are incapable of judging how far to pledge
their credit, they are not fit to be free from Spain.
If they are not fit to assume and discharge interna
tional obligations they are not fit for that indepen
dence which we declared they had of right.
stitution than has the Spanish Cortes
This programme is full of the .seeds of future
trouble. It makes us suzerain of Cuba. It exceeds
the Monroe doctrine, and goes beyond anything ever
intended or attempted by any Government in this
hemisphere. Cuba should be left independent in fact,
with no further limitation than is upon every Govern
ment in the Monroe hemisphere. Her membership in
the Monroe family of nations should be the sole re
striction upon her international relations, and that
runs only against her right to sell herself to a foreign
monarchy. As far as the pledging of her credit goes,
the highest function of a free government is the unre
stricted control of its own fiscal. Unless it can
control the care of its own credit, its people are de
prived of the most important part of their schooling
in independence. Again, the American Congress has
no more right to revise and amend the Cuban con-
The people of the United States are not anxious
to lay up trouble in Cuba of exactly the same kind
that England found in the Transvaal. The suzerain
function is not compatible with republican institu
tions, and we have a full suit of functions on hand
at present and need no additions.
ocean, enabling it to perform many useful offices on
the way. The forest floor holds it back so that it is
distributed, a proper proportion entering the soil to
fill the deep springs, and the rest finding its way into
the surface channels, where it furnishes power, per
forms irrigation and benefits man in many ways.
When the fool and his fire come along and burn
the forest off. evaporation and gravity become the
scourges of man. The streams no longer have a
steady and uniform flow, but are torrential when the
rain falls and dry at other times. The forest floor
being destroyed, the water does not penetrate the soil,
and the deep springs cease to be affluent. Aridity
j increases, fertility declines, and the cities may as well
burn, for that which supported them has been de
stroyed. It may be said with safety that no expense
| is too great to secure immunity from the awful proces
i sion of consequences that will issue from the forest
fires. Something must be done to stop or minimize
them. The fool a"nd his fire must be kept out of the
mountains or brought out a prisoner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900
The powers are not yet certain whether to call the
Chinese outbreak war or anarchy, but they are fairly
certain they cannot call it off. *
The Republican Business Men's Club will not be
true to its name unless it does business as well as
talk it
6
BY the organization of a political duo tne i\e
pubhean business men of the city have done |
v. oil. They have taken the first step in a move
ment of great importance to die party and to the city.
That stop, however, will be of Little value unless it
be pron:pt]y followed by others in the same direction.
Organization alone cannot achieve much. To defeat
the schemes of the railroad and the Mint saloon bosses
there i? needed on the part of business men and other
good citizens an active participation in the campaign
irom this time on.
An organization s;:ch as the Republican Business
Men's Qab can easily exert a wide and potent in
fluence among the better elements of the Republican
party. It can render great service by inducing
good men to join I^eprbiican district clubs and to
take a prominent part in their work. That service
hhnuM be carntsiiy and energetically performed. The
time is approaching for the election of delegates to
the county convention, and the bosses have long since
Said plans to elect ?.< many as possible, so that they
may control the nomination of candidates, or at least
be able to force concessions with regard to some of
them. Against the bosses the better elements oi the
party mnst array themselves, sooner or later, and the
sooner the better.
[n the resolutions adopted at the time of organi
ration the Republican business men, after demanding
the nomination of worthy candidates for all offices,
and especially for Superior Judges and members of
the Legislature, declared: "If such nominations are
ir.adc for the bench and the Legislature, we pledge
them our active support." That is very good, but
that i> not enough. The members of the club should
exert all their power to see to it that such nomina
tions are made. A earning against bad nominations
is not half *o effective as work lor goo/1 ones.
The campaign begins with the approaching pri
maries. Let the business men join the Republican
clubs in their districts and get their friends to join.
Let them make every effort to nominate strong.
clean, honest men as candidates for the convention.
If in any -district the bosses get control of the club
and nominate a ticket of unworthy men, then in that
district the better elements of the party should put
into the field an opposition ticket and take an appeal
to the voters at the primary. In short, the fight
against the bosses and their gangs should begin in
the district clubs and be continued at every point of
the campaign thereafter. From start to finish there
should be no hesitation, no Jet up or compromise,
and the finish should see the Kelly and Crimmins
combine crushed, routed and driven out of the Re
j;t'bncan party.
The business men arc undoubtedly right in de
claring th^t the success of the Republican party "can
only be obtained by roininatir.p: persons for office
who will command the confidence of the voters."
The experience of the pa«t has proven that beyond
a doubt. The da\' when Republicans would tolerate
"yellow dog"' tickets in their party has gone by. If
there is to be discreditable men in office Republicans
prefer to have the odium of such - men rest upon
Democracy, and consequently will let elections go by
default rather than support unworthy men. That les
fem has been given many times of late, and the busi
ness men should now apply it to the issues before us.
Let them not only, demand jrood nominations, but
jret out. work for them and make sure of them.
When we have opened the door of China by knock
ing it off its hinges there will then be an easy way
for the Chinese. to get any amount of European and
American arms and weapons for the v purpose of
waking things deadly to ail who undertake to go in.
Forest fires are now blazing first in one part of the
State and then in another. They appear to be able
to illuminate even-thing except the intellects of the
Silurian objectors to forcstrv laws.
.
Should a Russian army succeed in getting to Peking
the Czar will be in a humor to call another peace con
ference and propose that there be no more fighting
and that even- one keep what he has..
WORK OF THE CHINKS
WOMEN.
By Mrs. S. L. Baldwin, Methodist Missionary.
Cat. elace fruit 50c per n> at Townsenl's. 1
SI Fourth, front of barber and grocery
store, best eyeglasses, specks. 10c to 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). BIO Mont-
comery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. •
HE KNEW, HER. '
"Home already, Percy, dear? Come, clve
me a kiss." ¦
"'Let me see your hands first."
"Why, you suspicious boy."
"I want to see whether you have a
dressmaker's bill In one of them."— Stray
Stories.
A vigorous growth and the criKlnal color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. th« best cure for corns. 13 cts.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hallo i
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Coale Bg.
COAI, COKB AND Pld IROX
J. C WILSON' rt CO 9W Ba'frr Str«*t.
»-W- niLOUil <S WV-, Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
CW- SMITH Shlp Plumbln «- Steamboat an*
V- IT- O..1I1H. Bb ip Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington «t. Telephone Mala E64L
ELECTRICAL.
r>. D. wass,
Electrical Engineer. 38 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYFS & CO. £ hl PPt n * Butchers. 1M
W/U- UUILJ tt WV. Clay. Tel. Mala 1234.
GALVAMZINa AND METALS.
Viftr. & Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing JOHV
FIXK METAL WORKS, fli Howard .U
HARNESS DRESSINO. ""
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. lira Howard
LITHOORAPHINO.
Union Lithograph Co.. 3:5 Sansome st.. Artistlo
Lithographers and Printers. Government L 1-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stands.
METAL. ~ ~
Extra linotype tnd stereotype metal. Paclfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First £[ San Francisco
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILa LEONARD A FT
LIS. 418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main V%.
PAINTS. ~~~
Cylinder & Lubricating Otis. Schneider's Mtn!n«
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO., 9 FrontTa! F\
print: si.
¦ S3 First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PR1.VTKH
Tel c?d a e p , hic PARTRIDGE >ct " ( Sl!S^
WHITE ASU STEAM COAL, T ™, "
5S££
AJ£USEM£KTS.
California— "Hush City."
TJvoll— '•Wans."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
¦ imbl*~"Ui* Excellency, the Governor."
< Tphcura— Vaudeville.
<;r;u.i i.i;»'ra-hiiute- "The Great Ruby."
C:>-mpia. corner MaJon ai^d Eddy streets— Specialties.
ChntM, Zoo asd Theater— VaudevUte every afternoon and
ev«rd~3.
Fiecfeer'e— Ya'-o^ville.
Hutro H<»th&— Oj«?n iilc^is.
XUCTION SALES.
By Chase A- MFridrr.ha'.l— Thursday. July IR. at 11 o'clock,
Tr;-tu;:K arid \Vo:k H<-rs»-g. at "3: Vi.ik-t i-'.r^t.Our bay cities are already favored
rather above the average of large com
munities for cheap and attractive subur
ban outings, but now another has been
fixed upon, outstripping all the rest, per
haps, in distinguishing features and rare
Interest.
The managements of the Mt. Hamilton
Stage Co. and the Hotel Vendome of San
Jose have put on sale at the railroad of
fices a round-trip ticket to Lick Observa
tory, covering every expense, and many
cle!i{?htful privileges, for ?S. about one
third less than the regular cost.
This will be a Saturday and Sunday
ticket, including rail and stage transpor
tation both -ways from San Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda. and a day and a
quarter at the splendid Hotel Vendome in
San Jose. It provide? also for a night
visit to the Uck Observatory and a
glimpse at the worlds and wonders be
yond through the great telescope.
Another ticket is what is known as an
open rate, for $S "A good any day. Includ
ing the same privileges, with a half day
lor.ger at the Vendome. but a day in
stead of night virit at the observatory.
Our great stellar spyglass is justly "fam
ous and Mt. Hamilton shares the honors,
even though It does not rival Matterhorn
or Blanc, or similar Alpine crags. It nev
ertheless has a grandeur all its own, and
It is doubtful if any of the world's noted
piles afford more supremely pleasing vis
tas. The trouble with most of us is that
we live too near. If we lived In Xew York
or Europe ir.strad of under its very
shadow it would have far greater interest
for us. and it should no Ioneer be to our
credit, in view of this very tempting of
fer, that we do not go and see it now.
:he Police Are Searching for Charles
Churchill, Who Came From
Minneapolis.
The police are searching for Charles j
Churchill, a suave young man who is ac- 1
cuseri of obtaining money from members I
of the Royal Arcanum in this city by j
false pretenses.
Churchill arrived in the city about a
month ago and called upon some mem
bers of the order representing that h»
wa< a member In good standing from
Minneapolis. He wore /the order's badges
and buttons and gave tbe necessary j
siens He bought two sult3 of clothes
from H. D. Hutt. oSO Sutter street, giving
him a check for &O on the Exchange Na
tional Bank of Spokane. The check was
returned as worthless, but meantime
Churchill has disappeared.
G. K. Carlfon of the Emporium lost $50
In the same way and there are said to be
other" Churchill was such an affable
voung man that ho was wined and dined
extensively by members of the order.
FOUND SAFETY PIN
LODGED IN NECK OF
A FOUR-YEAR OLD BOY
JOHN and Amelia Cecoria
of 521 Green street recently
. quarreled over their four-year
old son. The child had some
thing- the matter with Its
throat and the mother said it re
quired a surgeon's attention. The
father objected and the quarrel
grew so bitter that the husband
and wife separated.
Mrs. Cecoria took the child to a
free medical clinic and tha sur
geons, by use of the X-ray, found
a large open safety pin in Its neck.
An operation was performed and
the pin removed. The child had
evidently partially swallowed tha
pin, which had lodged In the throat
and worked into the neck, the point
having almost reached the surface.
The Society, for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children is investig-ating
the father's action in refusing to
let a. surgeon examine the child and
later failing to contribute to the lit
tle one's support.
MEMBERS OF THE ROYAL
ARCANUM VICTIMIZED
SMALL BOY APPEARS
AS HIS OWN COUNSEL
AND WINS HIS CASE
AXGEL. FOTO. a twelve-year
old boy, defended himself
ajrainst a charpe of battery sr>
successfully In JudRe Conlan's
court yesterday that he was
not only di?miss?d but received the
Judffo'F congratulations on his ahle
defens?.
The charge was preferred by An
drew Casey, an old man living at
1 Clara line. He aileg-ed that the
boy threw a stone at him which
struck him In the face.
The boy defendant, who acted as
his own ccur.se!, mnrshaled his wit
r.eFsea skillfully. Several boys tes
tified that ine atone was thrown by
Freddifl Barrett. \
The last named boy admitted on
the srand tha.t he threw the stone.
The boys had a tent on a vacant
lot near Casey's house and were
playl&g soldier. Ca.=ey sained their
enmity by knocking their tent
down.
The boys will now hold mock
trials in the tent Instead of camp-
Ir.g there as soldiers.
She Was Not a Burglar.
Mr?. Kate de Costa, who was arrested
on July 20 or. a charge of burglary for
breaking: into the house. IT Chesley street,
ar.d s-tcallng three cans of coffee, ap
peared before Judjre Cor.lan yesterday.
The complaining witness was Mrs. Nellie
Yorke. raid on her evidence the Judge
dismissed the case. It was shown that
Mrs. de Costa had entered Mrs. Yorke's
house to get something to eat.
Including Hotel Vendome,
in a Two Days'
Outing.
LICK OBSERVATORY
MOUNT HAMILTON
I NINTH DAY SEARCH FOR
BODIES IS FRUITLESS
j Launches Patrol Marin "Waters for
Trace of Kelly or Miss
Warren.
Yesterday, the ninth day since Miss
Bessie Warren and Tobias J. Kelly disap
peared in a boat from Belvedere and were
supposedly drowned in Raccoon Straits,
launches patrolled the bay from early
I morning till late last night. The efforts
j of the searchers were uncrowned with
success, however.
The gasoline launch Norwood, with Fred
Lewis and John Kelly, brother of the
missing mm, on board, cruised around
Red Rock and the Marin Islands, while
Kelly scanned every inch of the water's
surface with powerful field glasses. The
McN'eill patrolled Racccon Straits and the
vicinity of Ang-el IslSnd, the same sieans
being user! on her as on the Xorwold for
the detection of any floating objects. Sev
! eral times the launches approached what
j was apparently a body, only to discover
on a nearer view that the object was only
a floating bunch of seaweed or some other
flotsam. It is now said to be improbable
that the bodies will ever be found. Old
timers declare that the remains of the un
fortunate young couple lie with their boat
In some cavernous hole at the bottom of
Raccoon Straits. To-day and to-morrow
a sharp lookout will be kept for anv trace
of the victims of the recent Belvedere
tragedy.'
Troop H of the Ninth United States
Cavalry, colored, is expected to arrive
here to-day. This is part of the "Fight
ing Ninth," tho regiment that behaved
with such conspicuous gallantry at the
battle, of San Juan Hill. Troop H con
fists of three officers and ninety-eight
men.
Four companies of the Fifteenth Infan
try are now en route here. Three compa
nies are from Governors Island and one
from Atlanta, Ga, The battalion of en
gineers left West Point yesterday. These
troops should be here Friday. The 500
marines to sail on the Meade have left
Washington and are due here Saturday.
Lieutenant Kugene T. Wilson, Third
Artillery, General Shafter's efficient aid,
is to perform the duties of Major Gal
lagher, commissary of subsistence, who
goes to China on the Hancock, pending
the arrival of Major Wood, the new com
missary. The lieutenant will also act as
judge advocate. There is no officer on the
coast better fitted to perform this triple
duty than Lieutenant Wilson, army of
ficials say.
The recruits arriving at the Presidio
yesterday numbered eighty-four.
The bat'teries of the Third Artillery will
leave here 130 strong. Sixty recruits were
examined yesterday as to their fitness for
this branch of the service and were as
signed to the different batteries.
The number of convalescents is increas
ing every day. Yesterday seven men
were discharged from the hospital.
First Lieutenant W. H. Jordan of the
Eighteenth Infantry has been assigned to
duty as signal officer, relieving Second
Lieutenant H. Clay Evans of Battery O.
Corporal John T. Barry of Battery A
has been detached and detained at the
post to await a commission as second
lieutenant.
The bodies of sixteen soldiers were
buried yesterday at 2 p. m. There are
stil! a lartre number awaiting interment.
The quartermaster was notified yester
day of the arrival at Port Costa of sixty
six pack mules consigned to him.
The following orders were issued by the
Department or California yesterday:
First Lieutenant-Elmer V,*. Clark, Eighteenth
Infantry, Is granted leave o? absence- for twen
ty-five days* dating from the Kth lnst.
I Captain Harry D. Humphrey. Twentieth In
j fantry. having returned from nick leave of ab
i fence, Is assigned to duty with the convales
| cents.
.Acting Assistant Surgeon Hugo A. Wahl is
assigned to duty at the General Hospital, Pre
• sidio, awaiting transportation abroad.
Detachment of Marines, Four Com
panies of Infantry and a Bat
talion of Engineers Are
Due Saturday.
Colored Heroe3 of San Juan
Hill Expected to Arrive
To- Day.
TROOPS COMING
TO EMBARK FOR
SEAT OP WAR
Notifies Supervisors That It
Will. Begin Extensive
Construction.
«
San Bruno Avenue Line to Be Built
at Once — Electricity on Fifth
Street — Apology
Idade. v,
iTanager Vining of the Market-street
: Railway Company filed notice yesterday
with the Board cf Supervisors of the
j corporation's intention to commence work
i on six important street railways within
j the next four weeks. There was also
I filed a petition for permission to use
I electricity as the motive power on the
¦ Kifth-street line, which is now operated
j with horses. An apology for the string
ing of wires on 13ush street without per
mission was contained In still another
! petition to the board to permit the com-.
! pany to keep the wires where they were
and to continue to operate the Una on
that street.
Formal notice of intention to commence
work on the following lines at the times
stated was given by the company as fol-
I lows:
! On Saturday. July I?, at 7 a. m.. the con
struction of thai certain railroad commencing
at the intersection of Railroad avenue a,nd
the northeasterly line of Sixteenth avenue
south, and connecting- with the existing tracks
of the Market Street Railway Company on
Railroad avenue, thence southerly along: Rail
road avenue to San Bruno avenue, thence along
San Bruno avenue and Mllliken street, th»ncv
along- Milllken street to a point twenty feet dis
tant northerly from the county line, authorized
by ordpr No. 2?9 of July 31. 1SS9.
On Saturday. August 4, 1W>, at 7 a. rr.., the
reconstruction and adaptation to electrical ser
vice of that certain double track railroad com
n-.'-ncing- at First and Folsom streets, thence
running along First street northerly to Market I
ar.d aoroj»« Market to Battery ani along Battery
to Bush street, franchise wherefor was granted I
to the Xcrth Beach and Mission Railroad Com- j
pany by crder No. 1323 of November 14. 1S79.
and over which the right to use electricity was
granted by section 2 of crder No. 2>}$5 of Au- j
Kcst 2. 15S3.
On Aucust 12, at 7 a. m., the re<?i>n«tnietlon j
of a line of double track railroad on Bush
street, from to Batter}', etc., the
franchise for which was granted to the Central
Railroad Company, on* of the corporations
constituent of the Market Street Railway Cora
r&ny, by order No. U24 of November 12, 1S79.
: On August 20, at 7 a. m., the construction of j
a single track, with necjsary curves connect- |
ins the Second street line with the Montgomery j
street line, franchise wherefor was granted to .
the Omnibus I'.ailroad Company by order 13C2 I
of the B'->ard of Supervisors of the city and |
county of ?an Francisco.
On August W, at 7 a. m. , the construction of
a single track connecting with the west track
of the BecoQd street line at or rear the north
erly line of Bryant street, thence running
southerly alonir Second to Brannan and con
necting with the present track thereon. The
franchise therefor v.as granted to the Omni
bus Railroad Company by order ?i"<5 of the
B^ard of Supervisors.
On August S). at i a. m.. the construction of
a single track connecting with the east track
cf the Second street line at Brannan street, !
thence along- Brannan to First. The franchise i
thf refer was granted to the Omnibus Railroad
C«.>mrar.y by orders 35.?; and 2045.
The petition asking for authority to use !
electricity aa the motive power on the ]
Fifth-street line prates that the company
¦was granted Its franchise on September I
20, 1S7S, that the franchise was amended j
on June 5, 1SS2. and that the company has !
since been operating the line by means of j
horses.
The petition for permission to continue '
operating cars on Bu?h street contains ]
1 a '.enpthy statement regarding the fran- ]
chisea owned by the company in that i
vicinity and an explanation cf the "ml?- i
take" made in putting: up wires without j
permission. The following 1 formal opol- *
ogy is offered:
Tour retitioner. not boing- fully- advised of its
richts in th>» premises, but under the mistaken
Impression that the Bush street line was being
operated by It under the North Beach and Mis
sion Railroad franchise, and was therefore In
rlu<.1»d within the general and subsequent grant
of tba right to change the motive power to
electricity, and believing that the sole objection
to the use of electricity thorecn, which had
been expressed, related solely to the obstruc
tion which was f«>arpd on said Bush street by
the use of pole«. obtained from each and. all of
the abutting property holders permission to at
tach the guys and supports for its electric con
fluctors to th»» adjacent building's, and did so
attach the seme and is now operating said rail
road bv means thereof. That no danjrer, In-
cnvenience, or obstruction to the adjoining
¦r^perty or tr> the u«e of said strn^t is caused.
t «uch construction and us*, and cal.l prop
-ty oTn»r« are p.itisf.ed therewith and j«?sire
ime to b? continued.
MARKET-STREET
COMPANY SHOWS
GREAT ACTIVITY
There are some peculiar complication 1 ?
in connection with the affairs of the
steamer Charles D. Lane, and Just where
the matter will end no one seems to know.
She is to sail to-day for Nome, but some
of her creditors jnay step in and make
trouble by holding the vessel! A meeting
of the shareholders in the Wild Goose
Mining and Trading Company was held in
the Hobart building yesterday, which
lasted for nearly three hours. Some ar
rangement was reached and the vessel
will probably get away to-day, but if she
does there will be more trouble at Seattle,
as a number of bills contracted by the
vessel on. her last visit to the Sound are
still unpaid. R. Lewis, tho attorney from
Seattle, is in San Francisco in connection
with this matter, and the chances are
that all may be straightened out and the
vessel reach Nome without any libels
being placed against her.
Whin the Charles D. Lane does reach
Nome tht-re will be some more straighten
ing out of affairs, and Captain \\ arner
may lose his ship. Captain Phil Cook,
once of the steam whaler Thrasher, but
more lately of Lane'3 schooner Vega, is
here, ready to take the steamer, but
Captain Warner refuses to give her up.
He has cleared her and intends to hold
his command until released by Charles
D. Lane himself.
When the Charles D. Lane was last at
Nome the managing owner gave Captain
Warner instructions to sail on a certain
Thursday at noon. He then went to
Golovnin Bay and left his son Louis in
charge of affairs. Louis Lane took Cap
tain Cook out of the Vega and told him
to take command of the steamer. At the
same time he told Captain Warner not
to sail until instructions were sent out
from the shore. Cook sent his belongings
aboard and was all ready to take com
mand and leave for San Francisco on
Friday. His plans and those of young
Louis" Lane wore spoiled, however, as
Captain Warner took the ship to sea on
th? day and hour designated by Charles
D. Larie.
Cook followed his clothes to San Fran
cisco on a revenue cutter and is now mak
ing a fight for the command of the Charles
D. Lane. He and Captain Warner were
before the directors of the Wild Goose
Mining and Trading Company, but it ha«
not yet been decided who will take the
steamer to sea.
News From the Transports.
Uncle Sam Is about to rush coal to
China for the men-of-war. That article
is getting very scarce in Chinese waters
and a supply is wanted at once. The naval
colliers Xero and Justin have been put in
commission and the former vessel will g-et
away with a full cargo inside of a week.
Each vessel will be commanded by a na
val officer, but all the remainder of the
crews will be civilians. The first, second,
third and fourth officers will all come
from the merchant service and the en
gineers will come from the Marine En
gineers' Association. Some little work has
to be done on the. Justin, but the chance3
are that August 1 will see her on her way
to China.
The orders in regard to the transport
Hancock have been changed. Instead of
landing her passengers at Nagasaki she
will push through to Taku on a rush or
der, and will probably make a record run
to the Chinese coast.
Water Front Notes.
The Ohio sailed for Nome last night-
She carried twenty-five passengers and a
considerable amount of freight.
J. T. McMillan, the popular employe of
the branch hydrographlc office, came
back from a cruise to Catalina yesterday.
He received a hearty welcome on 'change.
Naval Transports Nero and Justin
Placed, in Commission to Carry
. Coal to the Fleet in
Chinese Waters.
Troubles of Steamer Charles
D. Lane Are Multi
plying.
FROM
SEA
and
SHORE
III. I
(Concluded.)
A significant difference of temperament
is manifested between the earlier painters
and Michael Angelo in these decorations
of the Sistine Chapel. Take, for Instance,
the picture of "Christ Delivering the
Keys to Peter." by Peru^lno. the master
of Raphael, a work which, though full of ¦
grace, beauty and even dignity, is unlm- t
¦ pressive and almost commonplace in its i
! spirit and full of incongruities and ab- ;
j surditiea. Of altogether different temper :
j was Michael Angelo. who In his decora- '
j tions of the ceiling and of the space be- ,
j hind the altar speaks of things past and i
[ to come and thunders denunciation upon ;
sin with all the power of the prophets
whom his mighty brush described. The j
work Is divided in nine unequal spaces, j
in which the creation, the flood, etc.. are j
seen. Around these illustrations, between '¦.
j the pointed lunettes above/ each window, '
¦ 13 a row of seven prophets and five sibyls, i
j In the lunettes themselves are the- ances- j
I tors of Christ who are awaltmg his com- !
! Ing, and on the tops of the pillars between |
I which each prophet and sibyl sits are i
j nude figures, which seem the forces of the j
I natural and spiritual world, agitated by '
| the expectation of some event that shall '
1 move both the physical universe and tne j
i soul cf man. The individual features of
j this majestic work are too well known to (
I require any elaborate description, and
therefore we will touch upon only such
i of them as seem to possess a peculiar
i beauty, interest or suggestlvenes*.
It was thirty years after the ceiling oi I
the Sistine Chapel wa3 painted, and in the |
reign of another Pope, that Michael An- i
hi? works delight." the eye*. There is no
hint of Corrpgpio in the paintings of ar.y
othfr man: he is sul jreneris. Ilia picmr-s
in the gallery at Parma known as '"The
Day" is regarded as his finest work. It
depicts the Virgin and Child. St. Jerome
and Mary Magdalen. A work more beau
tiful in color, tone and expf>s?ion dor3
not exist. The churches of Parma are
filled with works of Corregsrio. all of
which, however, have suffered seriously
from the ravages of tinvr*. A very plead
ing work of his Is yet preserved, however,
in the suppressed nunnery of St. Paul.
where the room of the abbess is com
pletely decorated with early mythological
works from hia bru«h.
Our survey of Italian art. necessarily
murh condensed, may well be concluded
in Venice. The ducal palace 19 the chief
treasury of Venetian art: It illustrate*
Paul Veronese. Tintoretto and others of
their time by some of their finest exam
ples", and here better than elsewhere can
the e«sentially decorative character of
Venetian painting be satisfactorily ob
served. The halls of state and of council
are elaborately decorated with splendid
paintings framed in the walls and ceiling
by richest moldings of heavily plated irold.
In the hall of council the frteze is formed
by a row of seventy-six po-traits cf
Doges, extending entirely around th*
room, and twenty-one large paintings by
Tintoretto. Veronese and others cover
nearly every foot of the three-quarters of
an acre of space in wall and celling 1 . The
most remarkable of these works is th-i
"Paradise" of Tintoretto, which occupies
the wall over the throne and is repute I
to be the largest oil paintins on canvas
in the world. It is ¦» by 7S feet in dimen
sions and contains at least 500 figrures. It
is full of beautiful faces arui graceful
forms, 13 admirably composed, colored and
lighted, and is marked by great strength.
1 gelo completed his labors here by produc
ing his great work on "The Last Judg
ment." He was in his sixtieth year and at
the zenith of his powers. The picture is
of huge dimensions — over &4 by 70 feet—
and it contains a vast number of figures.
The crowded forms are drawn in every
i conceivable attitude and they are grouped
'. with marvelous effectiveness. This work
! reveals the mind of a man quite removed
| from the calm indifference of Perugino
1 and the suave elegance of Raphael, a
! man essentially a prophet and seer, de
; nunciatory of evil and perceiving the
swift approach of retribution.
Raphael's work in the decoration of the
Vatican began in the same year that saw
the inauguration of Michael Angelo's la
bors in the Sistine chapel. The creat
• event of the Pope's reign was the rebuild
ing of St. Peter's, and the mind of his
Holiness naturally turned upon the crea
tion of a fresco to commemorate it. by
showing forth the power of the Christian
religion. The so-called "Dispute of the
Sacrament." or, better, "Theology." evi
dently presents this idea rather than that
of a doctrinal controversy, as was former
ly thought. In the air is seen God the
Father, in an attitude of majestic eim
plicity; beneath him Christ, the Virgin
and John the Eaptist. on either side of
whom are patriarchs, prophets and evan
gelists. On the earth are the fathers of
the church, preachers and religious writ
ers, among whom are Savonarola and
Dante. The wcrk is in Raphael"s purest
style, unaffected as yet by the influence
of' Michael Angelo. The greatest work of
Raphael s genius In fresco painting is the
so-called "School of Athens." which fills
the wall opposite the "Theology." and
represents the power of philosophy. It
shows the highest powers of composition,
draughtsmanship and expression, present
ing the various schools of reason in their
relations to each other in a marvelous
way. The general thought moves in a
great circle. Its lower side, upon the floor
beneath the steps, is occupied by the orig
inators of earthly and empirical sciences
—Epicurus. Pythagoras. Xenocratea. Eu
clld, Ptolemy and Zoroaster. Diogenes
sprawls on the steps and connects
th» higher and lower orders of thought.
The graceful figure in armor at the left
of the upper grtiup is Xenophon. to whom
and some friends Socrates Is speaking,
and in th«> center are the commanding
forms of Aristotle and Plato, the former
appealing to nature, the ground of his
studies the latter to heaven as the source
of all wisdom. The imposing architecture
adds much to the breadth and grandeur of
the v.-ork which stands as the hlrheat
achievement of the Italian renaissance.
where classic model' were followed In all
branches of sculpture, painting and liter
ature. The design shows also the fact
that In it art breaks forth from eccle-
Fiastlcal control and enters the service of
other masters.
In the "Loggia." or the gallery of the
Vatican, the desipms . were made by Ra
phael and the work was done by his pu
pils. The mere designing of this corridor
was a work of great importance, for all
the ideas came from the one fertile brain
the ecer.es from thn Old and New Testa
ments in the ceiling, the decorative sup
ports of figure, architecture and ara
besque and the original and charming or
namentation at the sides of the windows.
The work upon which Raphael was en
gaged at the time of his death in 1220 was
the "Transfiguration." which is now pre
served In the Vatican gallery. The upper
part was finished by his own hand and the
lower portion was completed by Giulio
Romano. .**'.
One of the great art shrine? of Europe
is the rhurch of Santa Maria del!* 1 Graz!<»
in Milnn. by reason of its holding in !?>•
cloisters the Immortal work of Leonardo
da Vinci, the famous "Last Supper." This
old work, perhaps the be?t-known picture
in the world. 13 now a melancholy ruin.
Hardly anv features can be seen, the
forms are vapue and ghostly and in on!v
one or two faces can the quality of the
original expression be guesspd. Its de
struction Is greatly tn be deplored. The
picture was a monument to> the new
movement in art that Leonardo an
nounced, and we have but to compare it
as it was in Its prime with the master
pieces of the I'mhrian and Florentine
schools of the same period to see how it
surpasses them all in balance of cjesisrn.
expression of emotion, interest in th«»
groups, dramatic force and artistic re
pose. The personality of Leonardo exer
cised a strong Influence and his phenom
enal versatility has heenme a byword.
The fruitful fifteenth century produced
not only Raphael. Michael Angela, Leo
nardo. Titian, but also the Ariel of the
renaissance. Correegio. The works of this
master are to be found in all the leading
galleries of Kurope. but his best pictures
are still at Parma, where he lived and
died. There alone can he be studied un
derstandinsly. As Titian is pre-eminent
in color, Leonardo In expression. Michael
Ansrelo In dramatic action and Raphael
In form, so is Correggio, par excellence,
the master of light and shade and joyful
emotion. His atmosphere can be Inhaled,
and the golden sunlight that shines in
variety and approprtater.esa of expression.
The most beautiful room in the ducal
palace is the hall of the college, which fs
glorious in its decorations bv Veronese. It
is relatively small, but well lierhted. rich
in pilded carvings ar.d all abloom with the
superb canvases of the srreat painter.
Over the throne ia a memorial picture of
the battle of Lepar.to. and in the elegant
ceiling are about twentv other work-s
showing: the devotion of Venice to re
ligion and justice, her protection by Nep
tune and Mars and various female figures
of surpassing beauty which typify the
rewards and enjoyments that come to a
prosperous commonwealth— the whol^
forming one of the most interesting and
beautiful scheires of decoration in the
world. Little inferior to the hall of th*
college is the antechamber connected
with it. which is adorned in similarly gor
geous style and holds some of the finest
examples of Tintoretto in existence. They
are far from being of even merit, but the
best are of indescribable and stimulating 1
beauty of color, grace of drawing and
charm of expression. The "Marriage of
Bacchus and Ariadne" is a ma't^rpiece.
Of almost equal perfection is "Mercury
and the Three Graces."
Of the imperial triumvirate of Venetian
paintings. Titian is the moat remarkable
figure. In the church where he is buried.
Santa Maria dei Frari. is a worthy me
morial of his fame in his own gr^at paint
ing of "The Madonna of the Pesaro Fam
ily." Here the family is represented
kneeling before the Virgin, who looks
down upon them kindly. She is clothed
in red and blue, and the white veil on
her head glisters like a snow wreath in
the sun. The «Tiild. peeping otlt sportively
from under this, is dancing in infantile
glee at St. Francis, behind whom la An
thony, in robes of sober russet. St. Peter,
a man with splendid head and majestic
expression, turns from his reading to re
gard the worshipers, whose glowing robes
are shot through with the threads of
heavy gold embroidery. Massive and
graceful stone pillars shoot up. apparent
ly without limit, into the air.-gnd across
the sky of deep. luminous blue are spread
the folds o* a magnificent golden banner,
held by a warrior in complete mall. This
Is the finest votive picture in the whole
world. Titian in it said his last word of
religious art so far as color, richness and
harmony of tone and brilliancy of style
are concerned. We shall find a mnw
striking: instance of the grasp of his
thought In his great "Assumption" at the
Academy, but it is here that he appears
at the acme of h.'s skill. It may well be
that his power as a painter of the f-sure
is illustrated bette-r in Rome, where in
the palace of the Borgias hangs his cele
brated "Sacred and Profane Love"— a rep
resentative example of the work of the
creates* painter of the human form that
the world has seen.
It la a striking proof of the vigor of
Titi.in's art that, however hackneyed h!s
theme may be. he endows it with a force
and novelty and beauty of which it was
before unsuspected. Hardly any subject
has been more generally employed than
that which furnishes the subject for his
picture of "The Presentation of the Vir-
Jrin." in the Academy at Venice. Titian
gives the motive its most sumptuous set
ting, and proves* his power over the higher
things of art by miking the simpler p!««
ments of his work excel in effect those
that ar» more srandlose. The mndest lit
tle figur** c-f the Virgin easily dominates
the whole group. One recognizes a spirit
In her which makes her superior to all
who surround her. The art that dot-? so
much, without resort to facial expression
in the main figure or the description of
profound emotion in those around her. Is
a great art. combining In perfect propor
tions naturalness and ideality.
The "Assumption" is «»aua!ly considered
Titian's masterpiece, and it is certainly
one of the greatest painting 1 ' in Europe.
A sublime subject this, and worthy of trie
highest powers of an artist such as Tit
ian. He rose nnMy to a realization of the
theme, and although in some of the tech
nical qualit!?* of jrood painting It ia not
as good as the "Madnnna of the Pesan>
Family." so far as grandeur of concep
tion and force of expression are con
cemed. it is wor t^of^Mt* fggfo^
Boston. _
FAmOUS ART GALLERIES OF" THE U/ORLD
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF ITALY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eat«ru
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WJSJJJNJSSJJiYx, ovnl L'o, 11)00.
2*o Fees for Stenographers.
City Attorney Lane has advised the
City Treasurer that Police Court ften
ographers who are paid regular salaries
are not entitled to any fees.
M. J. Pearring of San Jose yesterday
Gled a petition in bankruptcy in the
United States District Court. His liabil
ities amount to $6609 23; assets nominal.
J£. J. Pearring a Bankrupt.
Chancs to Become Letter-Carriers.
chil service examination for those
ishin? to become letter-carriers will be
heM August 25. Applicants must be be
tween 21 and 40 years nt\ape and must b»»
sound in wind and limb and be prepared
to answer questions in spelling, arithme
tic and geography. They must also show
their ability in letter-writinj?. penman-
Ship, copying: and reading addresses. AH
applications must be filed before the hour
of closing business on August 15.
An "Unconstitutional Ordinance.
Th* City Attorney is of the opinion that
the proposed ordinance regulating the
hours of labor o? persona engaged In th*
-wholesale nsh business i-=» contrary to the
constitution cf the United States, and in
a facetious communication filed yesterday
he futly explains the whole matter. The
ordinance was drawn at the request of a
number "f wholesale tlsh dealer?, who
were unable to enforce rules made by
themselves.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
PITTI GALLERY, FLORENCE.
Th? Richmond Locomotive Works has
shipped a second consignment of nine
locomotives v.-tth six-wheel tenders by thfe
Wilson line to HelPingfors, Finland.
ADVERTISEMJvNTS.
laHl
OlilTcREDIT SYSTEM
IS SUPERB.
Country houses, hotels, flats
completely furnished, with free
i delivery.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Cpea Evenlcs*. Near Powell.
: ~"~" M *~ M^ MM * M1;: '~~''~~~~~~ a ~^~~~~~~''''
;No More Dread
j of the Dental Chair,
I TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by cur lats
eeler.tiSe method applied to tha gun:*. No
j s>«~p-prcd-jcin« agents or cocaine.
Theo* are the only dental parlors in Sar. j
Francisco having PATENTED APPI^IANCES
j and ir.sTe«2i«r»ts to estra^t. f:!l ar.d apply pold j
J cram and porcolain rro'.rns unJetectable fr'-m |
1 natural t»»€th. and xrarrar.ted for tt?n rears, I
{ WTTHOtrr THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of j
j teeth JC; a perfect St guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crown?. $3. Gold flUinps. II. ?!lv<?r fill- I
tng?. Me AU work dooe br GRADUATE DEN-
: TISTS of from IS to 26 years' experience, end
j each dpf artrnent in charge of a Epecialist. Give
us a ccJI. and you wi'.I fin-1 us to do "xactly i
asi w<» a&vertise. We will tf II you la advance
! »xaitiy what your wcrk •will or>«t by a FREE
I EXAMINATION.
R9 PLATES f^%
! New York Denial Parlors, !
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO
: MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND, OR.
, BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
C'roBi: Asuertlosa r.a to Jut What '
tio ncraedle* Will Do.
j—t-^T^r* Mriryon rsara&teet |
S^X-ii^ij^^pK CVre will cure nearly I
£?£j*2&*!!£ : ~'<-''-% a:i CS£e » cf rkeim*.
fS^^ l **^ w *Hj r ;.'2; *lsa> '-n » ferr hours;
£f-y YtV3 tt»t hia Dyspepsia Ojre !
«<T^i.^ wil^ cur * tadlgestioa acd !
*^7 *~mm ¦^Ji'Sy » 1J rtomach troab>»;
\4 *£*<£?«;# tfcat tit Kidney Cure
* •' f-^'j "will cure 10 per cent, i
y*rf*>-i""* •* i:l caEes ot kiilney i
\ O r^jfj twoWe: that M« Ca- I
JW^5Sv tsrrh Cure wlU ei:e J
v^k**5fc^/#*<->v. catarrh r.o matter ho-.T A
TF-* \Pi.-ZT^ > ''^ %s^. rxx * stacdiny; tfcat his i
Y ¦¦¦5^S£Wi<'S? H»2lach- Cure tr!!l care
**•! I " \fiv -it* klcJ rt bfadache In !
I \ \ ' a few ruinate*: tba: ¦
» • h:« Coli Care trill
tpiieklj break cp «!jt |
tsm of ccZA a:nd en en through the enilre iUt cf ;
mseffin, At all «lritgg'.^is. Ci <- r r-t« a rial.
I! >ou ce<vi n'«:i"-l adrlcia mite Prof. Macjcc j
1505 Arch tt. I'-'.H. It U absc:;ite!T free.
'¦ f\
DR. PIERCE'S Guarant el \
ELECTRIC ¦ftf<^ to re the
" BELT. ' 1 i BrIST.
V.'e ha\e belt!« as low aa $3. sarre as ethers I
»*i! at orach higher prices, but they are n,it <
'•UR. PIi:nCE'S." If you want the BEST, a i
belt that vrill cure without mediei:;e. won't I
fall to pilots ir. a fhort time, and which may I
be ha;l at a mrd^rate price. y»u must have I
"DR. PIERC1C8."
Call rr s»rA a 2-cest starcp for "BOOKLET |
NO 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
«>20 Market Street, fan Frarcisco.
Or 114S Drr-aa-v.iy. N"w York City.
f| CMICHEQTER'S ENGLISH
._y~J~«v. Orl»1n«T nnd t'rlj «: m ti !.-»«.
f'AS V-"i.U ** CI/ICIIL^TEK'S KNGLISH
UED t-.: Gold sct»:::o swim. *-tiei
r\ r^V'C wfth i;r -* f.b&on. 1 nlc r.o »ther. Befu^
Tn ''^ l>B«is«roa» HnhtUtctiona atd l-Ati-
I I (r tlon». Hoy of Tcur OnifjUt. •>: irtd 4'. !a
\T* fp «c : •• Re!i»r fgr Lndlf v*(-i Iffto-. tT re-
-\ L r tcra Mail. lo.cttMTMtiai'-aisW. faulty
,. r^ *8©n«bM. Chlrhe.ter<heinl!!alC«s
Lrci^c itii hict MadUan r^»crc PII I LA- PA,
SilMcol
M Ir'CSWEAKWOaOi )
*>*^^SrT^v^fA ?"'*I i7 - * cr <i&norrh*fc
V» ipsrnaiorrhoj, f
*r*f '•"¦ : : ' -i--i W "i»i:u. atna'util il*
JE(*& Ot:i.'i=u<si y 'b.-irp-*, or acy i-Cc^ TO> :
C*»J s«« «o stnetsre. cicp. .irritation or u;c«r*.
KvA'^'tEvwsCHEinrii.Co. bnam. U»-Mtrinjtent.
Weak Men and Women
SUOVhtJ USE IMMIANA lUTTKR?. THE
crcat M^xtcan rrarty; t:v»« heaith and
aticathtto texuai organs. T>e;>ct. H% Market.
O 8 FT nm/ftl Corner Fourth ana
unl L iiu I HL asjy-s&sa
Valises checked free.
A_tXJ_Z_I_NTS.
•nn; rpT-At, cro'Wded norsn
_»« N:sht Enjay«4 th« Coffilc Opera.
WANG !
Etk^s at t. Mat4n<»« 5=atur4ay at 2.
SPECI AL!— Next Monday Begins
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SEATS ON SALE SEVEN DATS AHEAD!
Bcpalo-*, Ftart TVeek. "AIDA" o_j
"-L-CIA."
rOPULAIt PIUCES ZSe B.r.3 Us'
TVlfrhcse Bush ?.
ilATrN-KTZ TO-DAY. WKDXESDAT. JT'LT 25.
PMQUgt. 25 c-er.ts; BaJcocr. 11 c*>nte; Chii-
"THE ALLIED FORCK" OF VAUDEVILLE.
**%£&£& m 3 lv R o : x_^v^^
AM) Xli^iOLS; GILJSHaT AND GOLDIE
JESSIE PADGHAM,
ETTA BUTLER,
e=4 l*at Te»k of M!5s _TL_IAN BCRKHART.
AMERICAN EIOGRAPH.
fhow izg tie .Burr.injf North Oerom Llord
Steamers.
W_.Ur Morosco Scle Lesse« »2d JI__c«r
NEWr^AW^LE E PANY
THE GREAT" RUBY!
Cc_.i=«-;lr.c TP-SPAT EVESUCa :.*EXT.
"THE RED LAIV2P."
PBXCHS— —C Kt. ::r. Be.
E8t-jr3ay 15a:!r.^e— 50c. VjO,' !'^c. 10c
c_f_^i_rr~r
&EXSKS fl"P?.™l!E.
"U":th MATHEVVS i BC— O— B AJCD DCXSB
t r.n.ET'5 ALL 5 TAR CAST— IN
RUSH CITY.
ALL TH_3 ~T5_K OXLY MATINEE
SATVBDAT.
xext BosOar scisfct, last Tvrrnic btl-t one
OF THE AIX PTAB CAST. r.~5«ntin£: MATH-
E*A"S & BT—CCT ir. Their Vsadertlte Operetta
mrltt— i for OACTnffH Furr-:se« Orlr-
"BT TlJt SAD SEA WAVES."
*A>
Eysn!ngsai8:l5. Sat. Mat. at 2:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported ty WHITE "U'lIITTLESET ia the
Chai ni '. nx I^ar.
THE
Cni IMTO Y GIRL
£,*": < .al Ecragctr.erLt THEODORE HOBEP.TS.
NEXT •WEEK— P.OMEO AND JTLIZT.
MAT1NEE TO-DAY.
HENRY MILLER
EEA5CN.
AI! This TT^ek— Matinee Eztarday,
ii!S EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR.
A Far-ie_. P-raar.ee ty It. Marsha'.!.
"Vt laurhed «.l! the way through"— Exarclapr.
T— » Tlrurs.Iiv Afternoon er.d Sunday NJeht,
J=e<-c:-.a Bntej BT.T.TON HCiLME? LE<?TURES.
guj-^ .-•-••JAPAN REVISITED."
X*=tare Pri'— » SI, T5c. I'.c an.1 ZSe
XEXT WEEK- HEXRT MILLER IN'
"BROTHER OFFICERS. "
OLYMFIA £?zLz£L
-j HE ON-T TP."^: V_rDETX__E SHOW IN
THE CITT.
Professor Gonradi's
LIVING STATUARY-
Ttsit la «=t_ rranrtsco an-1 tht Greatest Exhl- |
biliozx tte GcMca ~*e*t Ha* Ever S«en.
BASCO AM) RICE,
Coc.ft\zz.r. ar.d the F-ur.r.i»*t Tet.
Jl1*t> o T jn CFn.FrBnATisr> sto«?k oq_uxt
ILVTINEES EVERT SUNDAY.
a_iat_t;r ktoht evert pridat.
A— _ — ssxase free.
CHUTES AND Z00. s 2?_S^
SCENES OF THE GHEAT STEAM-
SHIP FIRE IN NEW YORK.
BIS VAUDEVILLE BHO~T.
CANNON. THE FAT MAN.
TO-1IORP.OTV KTgHT— THE A_AT_L*Ra
Orier Seits ty Phose Park 23.
.^_^_
TTTCrUTTR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
I i3w>nJ_ri D AdmiK«;oi JO;.
Z.r.KT^. ASSD DOK: MAE TCXISOX: DAISY
BISHOP: JAMES E. NICHOLS: VlOLKT
•CHVSO.-;; ¦W'ESTOE, th«r ilan -i I'.-Q r". . -.-.
BSfl !fEW MOHNG riCTURES. ' •
MATINEE BCKDAT. Rpsened S<ats. 5t
SUTRO SATfiS
OPEX NIGHTS.
O^o. Dally From 7 «. m. tl II U. ~.
Eathirf frnm 7 a. m. to 10 p. ia.
ADMISI 5XON 10c. CHn^L-HKN. ic.
Cathlr.g. ir.'-i-^'iir.ir »i;~isEicn ZSz. <_*h!I<{rgn. S9c.
DR. WONG WOO, @S&
Chineie Tea er.3 Hera Eani- %
tarium. T84-Tit <Ji»y »t- # San f^ ?• £
f"ranei*r«. Cal. Allc!?pa5es rvrei rL^ y
< v xr;a«lvelj p by Chines* herbs.
A«vSc« free. Hours. 8 to U a.
j:i.. 1 lo 2. 7 lo S p. m. *-»*i ?*»i<^S'i ¦ V"?
tin Fra.ncl-.ee. Januarr ;, 1500 V^jT,?? '.S^V
I t-.zi a very «erlon» attack of "i&'tf »i^-«e •"
ccBiusr.pt'.cn end my feet were so «jwoliea that i
U *as with fllfOcoUy I coa'fj walk. The doctor* S
ir the bosr-uiis could not five c:« B.r.y rehff
for n're »«lu. I arac p^rpuadT'l to fo to th«
O;'.ne»* Doctor. Wcnj Woo. ami
Ic three n:cr.th» I waa ccmpletfly rure«l ar.d Jn j
perfect health, havtns sa'.ned ti poun«U la i
*e'.£ht. I have much r'^at-are tn recommend- I
ir.c his-, ta any on« sufftrintf la any way u-hat- i
«ver. JAKOB EAUCH. 12%k Tr«*loo tt^ city.
___ •
EVVVV\.VVVVrt^^VWWVVVVVVVVV
«__^ INJECTION. <
I A PERMANENT CURE |
, a cf the nwt ob«icate cawa of Gccorrhara ?
' ? and Oieet. juaractccd In from 3 to 6 5
L 2 days ; r.c nth'-r treatncKt reouirc— s
§ Soid hT«lidn.c^i..-.s. >
I l\ /""* | (#111 C** rC^ I \/ -^ ! 3' '¦ '
5 ScivG Mon6y. >J^L
\ To dalay means to lose rrjoney. "^^^^T^
| If you are irx-oeed of a good njade- p^JM^^^^^^
'3 to-order suit, get it while the 0 [J fir, fl Pt^^^ft I
| PRICES ARE REDUCED,
I §17.50 5DI 8 reancei to — SI3.50 nnA^HP
I $20,00 SUITS reted to • • - .$15.50 : : ]U It'wi^^] 1 !
$30.00 SUITS reflUGGft to — S25.00 agMf^^^i
$8. 00 PANTS redaced to $6,00 ¦^ ==:4^feJ
I JOE POHEIM,
ipi 201-203 Montgomery St., S. F. ' i^ " '" I110 Northern Pacific rrefd TTii I
iC5 <.>ntHri3 & Western »S |
uregun Rallv.ay i: Navigation 42 |
Oregon Railway i Nav prefd 76
S,i>20 lvr.iu=y!van:a 12SH
Heading 1"
i.:.4) Heading 1st prefd 53H ;
Heading 2d ptvU -S
Iiio Giancle \\>stern i^
Rio Grande Western prefd 'JC>
100 t't Louis ii San Francisco V\±
trt Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. Gtj
IOC' M I»uls & Francisco 2d prefd. 33V4
1.K0 ht Louis Southweitern 10 j
1.2' 0 tt Louis Southvestern 26
10.CN St Paul m 3 * '
125 tt iMul f-refd 171 ]
?t Paui & l>maha '. UO
12.4P.5 Southern Pacific 334 i
7^3 iiailwav 11
1.67>> southern Railway prefd Sl%
25<t Texas Ac P«i-ific l*\ \
24.740 Union Pacinc t>7'i 1
2.;ii Union Pacinc prefd 754 I
Wabash ? 7
610 W abash preid 1SH I
1.4:0 Wheeling; <* Uike Erie 9 \
2,7^0 Wheeling a: I-ake Krie prefd 24 j
Wisconsin Central 14>i I
2» Third Avenue 1104 i
Exi>ress Cuinrar.ies —
Adams 122 ;
American 153
United States 45
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous—
200 Arnerli-an Cotton Oil 34
American O tton Oil prefd S9 .
100 American Malting 3-j :
American Malting prefd lC'--a j
VY> American Smelting & Refining 37 1 -* j
.".*• American Smelting & Refining pfd. 87'» j
American Spirits 100
American Spirits prefd 17 !
370 American Steel Hoop 214 i
American Steel Hoop prefd 67 j
&.690 American Steel & Wire 31^ ,
5o5 American £teel & Wire prefd 73 4 i ;
260 American Tin Plate 23 j
American Tin Plate prefd 76 1
64.470 American Tobacco (-6\. j
American Tobacco prefd 123 1
f70 Annconda Mining Co 43
25.315 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 55
1.3s5 Colorado Fuel & Iran 34
2. S3'. Continental Tobacco 25
3°0 Continental Tobacco prefd 79 !
S.C20 Federal Steel 3» l 4 :
1,823 Federal Steel prefd <".fi\
200 General Klectric 130 1
135 Glucose Sugar SI 1 , ,
200 Glucose Sugar prefd l«0 j
10) International Paper 22V4, 1
International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 75H '
1.025 National I!i«cuit 31V |
National Biscuit prefd 85 |
100 National Lead ir'4 j
National Lead prefd 93!ij i
l.f.C'i National Steel 2o l n
100 National Steel prefd $i\ ,
160 Nf-v.- York Air Brake VtZhi
100 North American li\4 ]
Pacific Coast S3>« !
Pacific Coa?t 1st prefd 85 i
1'afiflc Coast 2d prefd 63
S49 Pacific Mall 30H !
2.SS0 People's Oas M 1 ,*
BOO Pressed Stee] Car 41'j
110 Pressed Steel Car prefd 734 !
Pullman Palace Car 1J>2 :
Standard R^pe & Twine 5H j
45.765 127'-i '
Sugar prefd 117
5.SJ0 Tennessee CnaJ & Iron 72
10.T93 fnitod States leather 11
COO I'nited Ptate? Leather prefd «S'4 !
L6SS I'nited States Rul.ber 2S4 .
I'nited States Rubber prefd S3 1 ? |
373 Western I'nion 7fl^ i
C31 Republic Iron A- Steel Co 12',
62<) Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 64 I
P C C & £t L CS I
_^___ I
336.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING nOXDS. :
U S 2s ref reg. L & N Unl 4s 98^ I
when l«?ued ....104 ,M K & T 2ds 69 '
l>o cou;> K'J , Do 4s Sl>4 j
Do .2s res V<0 K Y Cent lets IDS )
Do Z3 resr lMtSjN J Cent cen Ds..l22?i I
lxj Js coup IK'j :> p 33 66
Do r.ew 4s reg....lS2*» i Do 4s lOO^i
Do new 4s coop. 133% N Y C & St L 4?..1004
Do old 4s reg....ll54 N" & w con 4s 97^ I
I>o old 4s COUP..11V-J [> rcav lsts 108
Do 5s rea- U3V« 1 Do 4a 102H '
Do Cs coup 114'i 0 S Line €s 12S4 '
Dis of C 3.05s 123 R G \V lsts 90 l i j
Ktdhlman gren 4s....l01Vi'5 L & I M con ES.119M !
l>o adjt 4s fc4 ;S L & S F Gen CsA22 '¦
Canada So 2ds 1C« ?t Paul con ISR4 j
2 & O 4'is n%lS P C & P lsta ll«5'i !
Do i.« W'%' Do Cs llS^i i
3 & N con 7s 1414 S P 4sr 7SVfc
Do S F" deb ;s..i;i>4 ?o Ry 5s lrtSVi I
rhlcago Term 4s.. *2\ Ktar.dard R & T 6s 73
Colo So 4s S5V 4 iTex & Pac lsts....lllH
L» & R G Uts 102 i Do2ds 60
Do 4s 97»4 V P 48 105'4
F.rlf, flen 4s 63 < VVabosh lsts U6 "
Ft W & D C lsts. 704 i Do 2ds 103
Gen Elec 5s 113 West Shore 4s. ...112
Iowa Cent lsts 113 \VI<» Cent lsts .... 87
K C P & G lsts.... 71 Va Centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS.
fhollar 12, Ontario 6 0)1
Crown Point 10;Ophir 61 i
Con Cal Si Va.... 1 25 I'iymouth I 1 ) j
LX-adwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50 I
Uou!d & Curry IS. Do prefd 6 5) j
Hale & Noreross.. 16 ?I«*rra Nevada. 22 I
Home«take 50 fr) Standard 4 CO
Iron Silver GJil'nlon Con Id
Mexican 10 'Yellow Jacket 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— j'Jnlon Pacific S7H
Tall loans W? hvest End 934
Time loans i'ih Wisconsin Central. 14
St<vks— Atchison 4s 100
iktchlf.jn 26%» .%' E Gas & C ts... 6SV4
Atchison prefd fi?'-i Minlnir Shares —
American Sugar. ..1274 adventure 2
Amer Su?ar prefd. Ill IMlouez Mining Co. I
Airier Telephone 145 Amal Copper S74
lloaton A Albany. .250 Atlantic 23H
H.i«ton Klevated.,.142 iB-ieton & Mont.-.'iSOi
IJoston & Maine. .1*2 iUutte & Boston...*. 60
'.'hi B & Q 126'iiC'alumet & Hecla..7«
Oominlon Coal 2*i, iTcntennlal 17
F»-.leral Steel SV. franklin 134 I
r ed Steel prffd r.C4 'Humboldt 25
Fitihburg prefd 136 psceola 67 I
'Jeneral Electric. ..129'->4 Carrot 41*4 I
"en Electric prefd. 137 Qulncy SO
Mexican Central... 12V« ¦ anta Fe Cop &
Mich Telephone Si Tamarack 19C
K E Gas & Coke.. 16 irtnh Mining 2S4
Old Colony 205 Wlnona 2^
51d IJomir.lon 19 Wolverines 3S3i i
llubbor 2J i
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. July 24.— To-day's statement |
of treasury balances in the general fund, ex- i
clurlve of the I150.0CO.00O pold reserve, shows: I
Available cash balance. J14O.463.OS0; gold,
$70.7?S.S22. !
Nezu York Money Market. ;
SEW YORK. July 24.— Money on call steady,
'¦i&'-i per cent. Prime mercantile. 4©4% p<r
ci-nf. bankers' bills. $4 S7% for demand and j
U 83*iS4 S3 r 4 for CO days; posted rates, {t S4'/j
(it « and U KS$4 SS4: commercial bills. $1 S3
«>4 K3'i. Bar Silver. ClHc. Silver Certltlcntes.
ei'4«JC2>4c. Mexican Dollars. 43^4c Bcnda
Government weak: State bonds inactive; rail-
NT75V YORK, July 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were quiet and steady this morn
ire. but relapsed in the afternoon on the dlsao-
ARRIVED
Tuesday. July 24.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 16 hours from. Port
land, via Astoria. 41 hours.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson, 75 hours frcm Newport
(S.). etc.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. 43 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr George Locmla. Bridgett, 31 hours from,
Ventura.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, 24 hours from,
Eureka
Ship Berlin. CafTry. 9 days from Taecma,
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen, from -San Pedro.
CLEARED
Tuesday. Julv 24.
Stmr Panta Cruz. HInkle, Seattle; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmoad. Comox; R.
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Ptmr Ohio, Hoggs, St. Michaels and NomeT,
Alaska Exploration Co. '
SAILED.
Tuesday. July Si.
Stmr Tillamook. Hughes, fort Brags-
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. .
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego.
Aust stmr Slam. Xigga. Cherr.air.us.
Bark Levl G. Ilurgess. Yunggreu. Tacoma.
Schr Conflanza. Christiansen. Coquille River
Schr Aggie C. Kallenberg. Grays Harbor.
Schr Orient, Panders. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. July 21— 10 p. ra.— Weather
cle»r. wind north-west, velr^-ity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 1?, !at 43 N. long 19 W-Rr bark Invers
nald. hence Nov 1L via Valparaiso, for Queens
town.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived J11I7 24— Schr
Nellie Coleman, from Cape Nome; schr Volante,
from Cape Nome: schr Honolpu. hence July «
TACOMA— Arrived July 24— Brig Courtney
Fbrd. rrom St. Michaels.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 24— Strar EmpiM.
hence July 21.
MENDOCINO— Arrived July 21— Strar Point
Arena, hence July 23.
K A RLT-'K— Arrived May 12— Bark Merom.
hence A^ril 3'\
ALITAK-Arrlved May 17— Bark Electro,
hence April 17.
SKATTLF.— Arrived July 23— Stmr Despatch,
from Astoria: X." S stmr Rosecrans. from Cap©
Nome. July 24 — Ship Luclle. hence July 5.
Sailed July 23— U S stmr Lawton. for Cape
Nome.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed July 24— Strar
Crescent City, for San Francisco.
SOUTH ni:NI>— Arrived July 24— Schr Xortlx
Ben<!. benre July •*.
GREENWOOD— PaiM July 2J-Stn:r Whites
bor'v, for Snn Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 24—1* S stmr Rose
crans. for San Franclmu
El'REKA— Sailed July 24— Stmr Orizaba, for
Fan Francisco; schr . Halcyon, for ; nchr
Estella. for . Arrived— Stmr Pasadena.
from Ventura.
PORT L.VVH.OW— Sailed July 24— Br ship
Lord Trmpletnn, for Cuv Town.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 24— SJtmr State of
California, horce July 24. Sailed— Er stmr
Braemer. ftw llongkor.s.
NEWPORT (S.)— Arrived July 21— Stmr
Brui-swick. frcm Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HIOGO— PassM July 24— U S stmr Grant,
hence July 3. fur Nagasaki.
t$L"EXOS ATRES— Arrived June 2S— Ber itmr
Roma. ff'">m Han-.burg. for San Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived July O— By ship Aristides,
hence March 7.
RUNOORN— Arrived July 21— Er ship Celtic
Monarch, hence M.irrh 7.
CF.NTRAL AMERICAN PORT— Sailed July 5
— Gt Mmr Lux»r, for Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE. N. S. W. -Sailed July 20— Br
ship James Kerr. fcr Pan Franclsrc*.
SYDNEY— Arrived July 22— Br" ship Clan
Mncrherson. from Cape Town.
HULL— Arrived July > 23— Br ship Kelburn.
hence March I.
QITEKNSTOWN— Arrived .Tuly 24— R- bark
Inversna'.d. hence Nov 11. ISTiO. via Valparaiso.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled July 21-Ptmr Cevic. for
Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 2«— Stmr Oraf Wal
dersee. from Hamburg, for New York
MOVILLE— Arrived July 24— Rtmr" Laure"
tlan. from New York, for Gla^ow
CHERUOlRi; - Arrived July 21 - Steamers
Deutschland and Pennsylvania. from New
GIURALTAR-Salled July E— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa and Nnples, (or Vmv York
SOUTH A MPTON- Arrived Julv '4— tftmr Ka'
serln Maria Theresa, from New VJrk. via Cher-
pmceeded for Bremen.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 24— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam, and
proceeded.
tlSA, frcm New Ycrk. via Movllio.
New York Stock Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S3
Stirling Exchange, eixty days.. — 4 S8 1 .*
Sterling Cables — 4 S9V 4
New York Exchange, sight — l2Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6Hi
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4SV4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at a nominal
Quotation of 37s 6d. usual options, and the re
duced output of the State renders the market
dull. The chartered wheat fleet In port has a
registered tonnage of 32,400. against 38,860 tons
en the same date last year; disengaged S27S
tens, against 7S70: on the way to this port
1S1.600 tons, against 20S.40O.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both off.
Chicago was wt-ak. forelgp advices being de
pressing. The Northwest markets were firm.
The Minneapolis Journal was hedging on for
mer bearish statements regarding the crop.
There was considerable liquidation, the market
had no support and the local trade sold freely.
Corn was easier on general rains In the corn
belt.
The local market was unchanged as to spot
grain, but futures were lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 C6U; milling, $1 07H
®i 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December — 12,
000 ctls, $1 13Mj; SOOO. $1 13%; 20CO U 13%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 10,000
ctls. $1 13H.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.COO ctls,
Jl 13 l ,V
BARLEY— Continues quiet and unchanged,
with ample offerings for current needs.
Feed. 72>6c for Xo. 1 and 65if?"0c for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session-j-No sales.
Second Session— Mo sales.
Regular Mornlng\ Session — December — S000
ctls, 76c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The feeling continues firm, and there
is a continued demand for local and Govern
ment account.
White, $1 LV51 33; Surprise; Jl 2"%@1 35; Red.
$1 07H@l 20; Gray, $1 10@l 20; Black, $1 0o@
1 12H"per ctl.
CORN — Offerings continue large and neglect
ed, though dealers hold the market squarely up
to previous prices. Eastern Large Yellow,
U lTH-iil 20 per ctl: Eastern White, $1 17&31 20
per ctl; Mixed, $1 15<31 17%.
RYE — 9Oy95c per ctl. There is no demand at
present.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
FLOUR— Quotations are generally steady,
with a fair demand. California family extras,
$3 60@3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©
3 00; Oregon and Washington, $2 75©3 10 per
per barrel for family and $3 13®3 60 for bak
ers" ; Eastern. $4 li'Sb 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. *2 75; Rye Meal. $2 50;
Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 75; extra cream
uo $3 £0; Oat Groats. U 60; Hominy, $3 50^3 75;
Buckwheat Flour, $4<f?4 25: Cracked Wheat,
$3 SO: Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 25;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®7 25: in sacks. $5 75
<&7; Pearl Rarley. $3; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, ?5 £>0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay continue very large, but the
market, though soft, shows no decline. Feed
stuffs are as before.
BRAN— $12 r.0®13 GO per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17©20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20027; Jobbing, $27 50
«j2S; Cocoanut Cake. J20@21; Corn Meal. $24 50;
Cracked Corn $25; Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— Volunteer. S.4 60^6 50; Wheat, $l(Vf 12 50;
Wheat and Oat. $9 r.0G12: Oat, JSitflO; Clover.
$436; Alfalfa, $0@7 50; Parley. $6 60@S 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 25(ff40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market for all descriptions continues
without especial feature. Seeds are wholly
nominal, offerings beltiff merely occasional and
the demand equally so.
HEANS-Dayos, $2 S.VJT3: Small White. $3 350
3 50; larre White, $2 75(^2 90; Pink, $2 5O5J2 90;
Red. $2 50!I?3; Plackeye. 53 5083 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $3 30®5 40; Pea, $3 40-&3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4S'-t fO.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3S4c per
]b for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. 2»>#3c; Hemp, 4®4&c: Timo
thy, 4(54V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2 2502 60; Green. $2 25
02 50 per ctl. ":• ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Vegetables continue In large
supply and quotations show little change.
Onlcns are still easy. River Tomatoes are
plentiful and lower.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
Rose, 25®30c; Burbanks. 35860c for Rlvere and
85S30c ccr ctl for Salinas.
ONIONS— Yellow, : 90c<5$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. £0c(ff$l 23 per
¦aclc: TSciiSl per crate for B«rkcley and J1®1 23
-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Charters.
The Blr Bonanza loads lumber at Tacoma. for
Adelaide. 60s. rechartered : the C. 13. Bryant
nserchar.dise ior Honolulu.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Ttie collier Wellington railed yesterday for
Cc-raox with 5 pkg? ruVber goods. 3 r^g» <?'ec
tricai Eujplif-s. $ pkgs bloeka and valves. CO bxs
fruit, 4 era furniture. Value JCI'2.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports cf star> groceries at this port uurirtr
th« first fix month* of the year were os fol
lows, compared with the same period last year:
eucar. ia.SS5.O08 lbs. valued at J5.C2.740.
n-..:r.>-t I76.S78.XeO lbs at $G.2i!«.0O0: O>ffee. Z".2:2.
i40 lbs, at f2.-£r..fW. agamet S9.70S.308 lh? at
J2 1" i '.:4r; Rice. 2T.3S4.9-~M) lbs at $537,430. figalnst
41.103.300 lbs ax $<>(4.K3C; Tea, 1.691.300 Jl>s at
f?T7t n flL aca'-nst XjB0.tM !bs at J"73.7i0.
Weather Report.
O*f>th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN rnAXCIPCO, July »4. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations ia California to-day: '
Eureka CS l*ne Angeles S2
ll^'unt Tama!p»!s o3 --arramento S6
lndej*nder.ce :•' ran I.u;» OViispo »4
Ufi IMufT S2 ?an Diego si
Fresno K|
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
C7: minimum. C4: mean, 60.
WEATHER OONTJITN >NS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preysure has remained nearly Ftatlonary
ever the cour.tr>" west of the Rocky Mountains.
An area, of high pressure lies off the coast ot
California and Oregon. Llpht rain is reported
Et Astoria and Port Angeles.
The temperature continue* about normal over
the greater portion of th^ Pacific Slope. Warm
¦wt-athT prevails in Southern OaJiforaia-
Forecaft made at San Kranc:s:o for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 2i. WV!.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, light
r. rtbertjr winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday, light
¦reMerir winds.
Nevada— "Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday, continued warm.
San Fram-isco and vi-inlty — Fair Wednesday.
lipJit northerlv. chanping to fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 23.
Sun rises 5;fW
Pun sets 7:23
Moon rises 4:11 a. m.
,.v ...>.,, ft uru^urj- d:ii allotments, tnose tor nine
months being over four. while "yearlings"
wer* four. Americans were hard in the. early
session, despite the fairly heavy realizing, but
they relapsed on fear of higher money rates.
Thirteen Lancashire cotton mills have been
closed on account of the close of trade in
China.
LONDON, July 24.— Atchison. 274: Canadian
Parinc, l\i; Union Pacific preferred, 77H:
Northern Pacific preferred. 73'^; Orand Trunk.
('S: Anaconda, S r i: Rand Mines, 36 s i. Bar silver,
flat. 2S 13-lCd per ounce. Money, 2\<3'i per
cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 24 -FLOUR— Receipts,
22.5S2 barrels: rxiwrts, 42241 barrels; sales, 7700
packages. Winter patents, $4ff$4 DO; straits,
$3 7O'i?S S3; MtnMMtA patents, $4 4f(S4 C5.
WHEAT— Receipts. 674,695 bushels: exports.
2S0.OC0 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 Red, 82%c
f.o.b. afloat: No. 2 Red. 74Sc. elevator: No. 1
Northern Duluth. f4He f.o.b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Dulutta, Sij^c f.o.b. afloat to arrive. Options
were weak und heavy early on weak cables,
lack of export demand and the break In corn;
rallied later on a llbfral decrease In world's
stock and local covering and closed weak at
«»i?mc net decline. July SlHQ^c. closed Sl & 4c;
September. SOVfiSl 3-16c. closed SOUc: October,
SoVjisi 7-16c. closed SDVsc; December, S17*(gS3»ic;
closed Sl\e.
HOl^S— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WilOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
9 9-lCc; mild quiet; Cordova, 9H@l3Hc. Fu
tures closed barely stendy; prices net 5 to 10
points lower. Total sales, 45, COO bags, Includ
ing: July. $S 06: Aug-ust. $S©S 10; September.
$S logs 15: October, $S 15: December, JS 4O®8 50;
January. JS 50; March, $S KiflS 65; May, S 65<3>
S 75.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fnir refinlnjr. 4«gc: Cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4Tjc. Uolasses Sugar, 4 l-5c
Refined, flrni.
DRIED FRUITS.
California Dried Fruits were inactive and
nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3 u /«5c: prime, 6U9SV&C; choice, 5>iS6&c; fancy,
7£<~4<\
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— SUfi7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— ltoyal. HJiHc; Moorpark, 15*ri7c.
PEACHES— Peeled. UglSc; unpeeled, 639c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Wheat had not recovered
from the injection of foreign bearish news
when the market opened to-day and Septem
ber began the session H3*S:C to H-S 5 »c down
at 7C»»c to TGVic. The crowd figured that with
little export business here, probable lnr^e
Southwest receipts and the. Increased Russian
and Danubian shipments announced yesterday,
wheat was not worth prevailing prices. Fol
lowing this the market, on covering by shorts
for profits and a little scattered buying, rallied
to 76?ic. The bulge held about like a small
boy hanging to the tail of a greased pig on
the Fourth of July. It slid off with the great
est ea.se, helped by a decline at Paris, re
ports that France would ralFe wheat enough
for her own consumpton and that Russia held
a large supply of hold-over wheat and by lack
of outside support. September early declined
to 73 : i,e, rallied to 76ViG"6Uc, lost Its hold again
anil thfn on Bradstreet's announcement that
the world's visible had decreased 2.C00.00O
bushels recovered to 7Gt»c. Thia bulge, like
the others, was lost and the close found the
market at Its weakest, September llg'fjlHc un
der yesterday at 63'4c.
Corn was fillet and lower early, but steadied
after a good concession in prices. There were
heavy rains In the best growing States. Sep
tember closed Ifal^c down at 3SHc.
Oats were relatively firm, supported by the
Iowa report that oats In shock and in stack
had suffered from the incessant rains. Sep
tember closed L iC down at 23VgC.
Compared with the grains provisions were
firm, easing but little In sympathy with th»
grain weakness. The market felt the sustain
ing influence of light hog receipts and liberal
shipments of produce. Trade was quiet. Sep
tember pork closed unchanged, lard 5c lower
and ribs 2'^c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 7iV» 75H 74H 74V4
August 734 75*4 74U 74Vi
September 7C^j "6%. 75Vfc 75V*
Corn N'o. 2—
July 39 39 3S>4 3S%
August 39 39 3S\4 3SH
Pertember 3ST4 3'J 38 3S>4
Oats No. 2—
July 22*i 22TJ 22*4 22%
August 22-s 23 22»4 22T»
SepttmUr 23Vi 23% 23 23Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 10 80
SnVteniber 11 S5 12 00 11 S7V4 11 D2V4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July C S2H 6 S2H 6 72H 6 72H
September 6 W.fc 6 S7^ 6 77^ 6 77V4
October 6 So C 'JO 6 80 6 82Vi
Short Ribs, cer 100 lbs—
July 7 00 7 00 C 9JV4 6 P2H
September C Pi 7 00 6 J2'^ 6 95
October 6 95 6 03 6 30 6 92H
• Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 7O',i'f('73c: No. 2
red 77'577^ic: No. 2 corn, 3* s 4ic; No. 2 yellow,
tgfc<?3S%e: No. 2 oats. 24c; No. 2 white, 25U.'0
2""-c; No. 3 white, 2. r i( ? j27Uc; good feeding bar
ley". 4<V*. fair to choice malting-, 40*5460; flax
eeVd tl 50: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 50; moss
pork, per bbl. Sll 45^711 !<0; lard. p?r 100 lbs.
}6 <3Q6 M>: Fhort-rtb sides (loose). $6 So'37 20; dry
Falted shoulders (boxed), 6\f;7c; short clear
sides (boxed). $7 40-37 50: whisky, basis of high
wines, Jl 23H: clover, contract grade. $S.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 8.000
Wheat, bushels 84.000 10,000
Corn, bushels 509,000 396,000
Oat«. buffh^ls 312.0C0 163,000
Ry. bushels 4.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 26.000 7.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
mmket was firm: creamery. 15@19Vfec; dairy, 14
(517c. Cheese, firm. 9H<510V*c- Ecgs. firm;
fresh, ll%c.
4% — *
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 1 6 1%
Closing 6 1 6 1%
PARIS.
: Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
I Opening 19 SO 20 85
1 Closing 19 70 20 80
Flour—
I Opening 26 ?5 27 25
I Clcsing 23 70 .27 15
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Special cable and
telegraphic information to Bradstreets show
changes in available supplies from last reports
as follows:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease. 625,000 bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased, 1,300,000; total sup
ply, decreased. 1.923.000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased. 1.1CS.000 bushels.
Onts — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased, £72,000 bushels.
Among the more Important decrease* are
I those, of 102.000 bushels at Port Huron and
I jt 0,000 bustids O.X. hwp?t Pl^vjitors,
i Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 24.— bATTLE— Receipts, 3000,
including SCO Western Rangers and COO Texans.
! Generally steady. Natives, best on Bale to-day,
{ three carloads. $5 i0: good to prime steers. $5 13
(jj3 75: poor to medium. $4 6O®5 10: selected
feeders. M 35tf4 70: mixed stockers, $3<JM S5;
cows, $2'54 r.0: heifers, |3@5; canners. I2tf2 60;
I bolls, firm. $2 75^4 CO; calves, weak. $4 50@G M.
j Texans: Receipts. 500; fed steers, firm, $4 33@
i 5 15; Texas grafs steers, steady to strong, f3 40
i Q4 45; Texas bulls, steady, $2 50®3 40.
I HOGS— Receipts to-day. ll.Ott); to-morrow,
j 2', (.00; left over, 2500. Best grades steady; oth
1 ers lower. Top. $3 45: mixed and butchers.
| J5 lH'SS 45; good to choice heavy. %~> 2S@3 43
1 rough heavy. J5Q-5 10; light. $5 20<g5 43; bulk of
tales, $3 254J5 40.
SHEET— Receipts, 32.000: strong; Lambs
weaker. Good to choice wethers. $4 10@4 35;
fair to choice mixed. J3Q-4: Western Sheep. $4«S
i 4 30; Texas Sheep. '$3^4; native Lambs, $4jJ
5 50; Western Lambs, $5®3 CO.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 21.— The Wool market here
continues quiet, although some houses are
making inquiry for wool by manufacturers.
Prices are generally nominal for fine medium
and fin* territory, while staple lots call for
C::S53c. Fleece • wools continue in a nominal
pcsltion. with practically nothing doing and
prices largely, guess work. Quotations:
Unwashed Aledium. etc— Missouri auarter-
Sim, Moon and Tide.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. July 24.— The Earl Fruit Company
Bold California fruit as follows:
Pears— Bartletts, average, ?2 16. two-fifths
box; Souvenir de Congress, average, $1 42 two
fifths box.
Peaches— Early Crawfords, average, $1 56 box.
Plums— Eureka, average. $2 00 single crate;
Wickson, $2 2$: California Red. $1 S2: Jefferson.
$1 S4; Ogon, $1 6S; Washington, $1 46; Purple
Duane. $1 2S; Burbanks. $1 10.
Prunes— Tragedy. $2 16 single crate.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit:
I Pears-Bartletts, $1©1 30 box.
. Peaches— Early Crawfords, 50® .Oc box, Fos
ter. C3(£70c: Deckers, ri5Q70c.
Plums— Eureka, 60cg$l 23 single crate; Kelsey
Japans, 93c ®?l 10; Diamond. $1 2- r -fjl 30; «uack
enbos, $1 10® 1 30; Wickson, CScCfW 33; \ellow
Egg, 73cJi$l 20; Purple Duanes, $1. —
Prunes— Germans, average. $1 00 single crate;
Tragedy. 95c<g$l 10.
Nectarines— 2;<&70c single crate.
Grapes— Fontainebleau, TOcQ^l 10 single crate;
Malaga, $1 5561 CO.
Nine cars of fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Pears— Bartletts. Socf fl 65 box.
Plums— Bradshaw, 55cS$l single crate; Kel
sey. 8oc<S>$2: Burbanks, 43c@>$l 33; Satf=uma. 60
@*75c; Cgon. 431JS0c; Yellow Egg, SOc^il 30.
Peaches— Crawfords, 35S73C box; Foster, 35
@56c
Prunes— Germans. S5cS$l lOslngle crate; Trag
edy. S3c(JU 20.
Twenty-seven cars sold to-day.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NETV YORK, July 24.— Trading waa extreme-
ly Blow to-day. Iron ruled dull and nominal.
Pig Iron warrants were quoted at $13. Tin waa
quiet at 35c for spot. Copper quiet and un
changed at 164c.
Lead and Spelter dull at S.574@4.02V»c and
4.25@4.30c respectively.
The brokers' price for Lead was 3.95c and for
Copper 16VsC
PORTLAND. Or., July 24.— Clearings. $276,
£S5; balances, $30,293.
Portland's Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Or, July 24.— There Is no
change in wheat quotations, which are largely
nominal at I6c and 57c for Walla Walla and Val
ley and 60c for Blue Stem. There Is not much
wheat moving at these figures, sellers not yet
being prepared to sell for export prices.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Wash., July 24.— The wheat market
Is quiet and unchanged. Blue Stem, 53c; Club,
£7e; both tor export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 24.— Consols. SS. Silver. 2SHd.
French Rentes. 100f@9Sf SHic. Cargoes on pas
sage, very little doing; English country mar
kots. Qiilet.
LIVERPOOL, July 24.— WHEAT— Dull: No. 1
Standard California. Cs 14d©6s 24d: wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, a 27-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot. steady: No. 1 Northern
spring. 6s 2Vjd: Xo. 1 California, Cs lHd!g6s 2Vid.
Futures— Steady; July, nominal; September, 6a
Id; December, Cs l"^d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
5s lid; do old. 5s 114d. Futures— Quiet; Sep
tember, 3s HV4d; November, 4s.
The " usual light business was done on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. The
feeling waa firm, however, and Gas and Elec
tric sold up to $30 624. declining to $30 23. and
Contra Costa Water was firmer at J«S 62H{J68 50.
The oil stocks were featureless
There was nothing new in the afternoon
Dividends of 50c per share will be paid to
day by the Hawaiian Commercial and Makawell
Sugar Companies.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY, July 24—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 9% 11
<s quar coup..H5H115 3 G L & H... 43 50
is do reg 115VS116 Pac Gaa Imp.. 47^ —
Is do cd new.l33 : S134 1 4l Pac L Co 43 4*M.
»s quar coup. lOShlW* i?ac ElG&RCo. 224 —
Miscellaneous— >5 F G & E.... £04 50%
Cal-st Cab 5s..llS^ — i3an Francisco 4»i —
C C Water os.106 107 !5tkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s. 129 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 113 — |Firem's Fund. 225 —
Geary-st R Zs. — 99 Hank Stocks—
II C & S S'^s- — — I^td. 68 70
Dots i.,.101 1C3 ,Bank of Cal...4im —
L.A Ky 5s 104!i — Tal S D &. T..K.4 1^5
L A I>t Co 6s. — — First Nation!. 273 2S0
Do gntd 03.. — — U>n P &. A. ...132 —
L. A gntd as. ..100 — Merchants' Ex 13 —
I L A P R R is. — 101*i N'ev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-at 6s... — UrSVj Savings Banks —
Do 1st M 5S.11SH — 3er S & L...1S90 —
N 1 C .N G R is. - — Hum S & L... — —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
Do 5s 117Vi — 5 F Sav U... ECS —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — Sav & L So... 74 73
Do 5s 105 — a ec Pav Bk... — —
N Cal Ry 6s..lll l i — L'nlon T Co... — —
| Oak G L&Has.llO'i — , Street Railroads—
' Oak Tran 6s.. — 115 California 123 —
I Oak W Co 5s.. — 104 lOeary-st 50 —
' Oceanic S Co.l(M'il03'i Mark»t-st ... t 64 64*4
• Dm C Rv 6s..l25'i - D S L & n.... - -
¦ V & Cl Ry Cs.lO3'i — Presidio — 224
! P & O It R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
! t'owell-st RGs.120 — California 153 1S2H
I 5 ac El &GR5s. 97 — Giant Con Co. S6»; ?7
S F & SJV5S.113 120 Vlgorit 2 1 * 3
5 R of Cal 6s.Hl 111 1 ? Sugar Stocks—
5 P of A (JS...U1 UlVi Hana S P Co. 3 S'4
I 3 P C 6s>( 1905). 11C> i — |Haw C & S Co 87*4 —
Do UP<''€) Ill — IHonokaa S Co 31S —
Do (1912) 119 122'i Hutch S P Co 24% —
?PRCl5t KntSfl. - - |Ki!auea S P C 3!> l , 194
3 p Br 6s 132 — Makeweli S C 464 —
5 V Water 6s.llS»,i — Onomea S Co. 26 27
r> o 4 9 103H.104 Paauhau S Co. 31 —
Do 2d mtff..lO2 " — Mlscellaneuos—
Stocktn Gas fis 994 — Al Pack A.«sn.ll74 —
" Water Stocks— Cal Fruit As»n 964 99
Tontra Costa.. 6SSj f.S% iMer Ex Assn. 97 1*0
Marln County. 50 — [Oceanic S Co. 92*i 93
Spring Valley. 94»i 95 Pac A F A.... — —
r> ont o & L Co - — i Pac C Bor Co. 130 —
Tent L & P Co 4% 64 j Par Paint Co.. li) —
Equit G L Co. — 3% >
Morning Session.
Board—
14 Alaska Packers' Association 11. 50
5 Contra Coeta Water fiS «4
20 Contra Costa Water 68 o'l
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 ZThk
100 Honokaa 32 no j
100 Makawell • •• « 73
100 Market Street Railway, 8 10 64 2>
5 S F Gaa & Electric Co 50 624
'5 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 5<T
33 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 3713
13 S F Gaa & Electric Co £0 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Bank of California, b S 412 00
40 Giant Powder Con S7 00
33 Giant Powder Ccn S6 S74
R0 Honokaa S Co 31 75
IOO Kllauea Sugar P Co 19 23
20 Makawell 46 75
20 Mutual Electric Light 9 50
CO Onomea Sugar Co.. 26 00
-*113 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
EU» Vlg-ortt 2 S7H
Street —
20 Onomea Sugar Co 26 50
13 Pacific Gas Imp 43 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil it)
500 American Fuel 30
£0 Twenty-Eight 125
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Home Oil 4 65
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the sales or. the San Fran
cisco. Stock and Exchange Boara yesterday:
» Morning Session.
100 Chollar 13 3T4> Silver Hill ei i
100 Con Cal & Va.l 30 300 St Louis 13 I
£0 Gould & Curry. 25
Afternoon SestJia.
700 Belcher HI 2W Mexican 17
500 Best & Belcher. 20: 40O Potosl 13
300 Best & Belcher. 21 3m Sierra Nevada. 2t5
100 Con Cal & Va.l 50 400 Silver Hill.... 57
100 Hale & Norc. 23 5CO Union Con . •><)
100 Hale & Norc. 24 800 Yellow Jacket "1
100 Mexican 16 50 Yellow Jacket. 20
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mining Session.
130 Caledonia 781 2W Sierra Nevada *~
200 Hale & Norc... 21 1 130 Silver Hill ' ri
300 Potosl 14! "¦ "
Afternoon Session.^
tno Best & Belcher. 20 I 2CO Silver Hill sa
200 Savage 12 1 "•
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 24—4 p m '
Bid. Ask. BI j .,j. J
Alpha 06 fi3 Justice C» 10 '
Alta 06 OS.Kentuck ' _ n" I
Andes 04 03 1 I^dy Wash....! CS PS
Belcher 13 16 Mexican 17 H
Best & Belcher. 21 22 .Occidental CS 10
Bullion 02 03iOphlr m g?
J Caledonia Sft S2lnverman ;.....* Cfl 10
ChoUar 15 lG|rotosl 11 14
Challenge Con. 13 15 Ravage .... J"<> \i
confidence 65 70 fcorplon ; _ 02
ronCal & Va..l43ir,njp^ Belcher.... W M
Con Imporial _ 01Pi, rra NVvada. 2S 2S
Con New York. 02 03: Silver Hill -c ?<t
Eureka Con _ Ro|pt £uii, 17 -
Crown Point.... 12 niPtand.W."".^ 10 4 »
Sjfliry'j; ~ WJfwJlcnte 07 -
SMgs irsf -".,,:» s
Ju " a — Olirellow Jacket. 21 22
Time Ball.
.,
Branch Hydrographic Office. 1: q v \r
bu^nrwa^uVo^Vt^^^'^To-^
Lieutenant Commander. & '£sffi£lS2J£
I unwashed peaberry. 6%®S%c nominal for com-
I mon to ordinary- Nicaragua— 14©17%c for prime
I to fancy washed, l0H$134c for fair to strictly
good washed, 9%(^10V»c nominal for good to
superior unwashed. 10Vi@Uc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry- Guatemala and
Mexican— 14fil74c for prime to fancy washed,
12'/3®13'4c for strictly good washed. WHHZna
for good washed. B^SHHc for fair washed,
for medium, 6-%^S3«c for inferior to or
dinary, 13<f714Hc for good to prime washed pea
berry, llfall'^c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry, l0igl09ic nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavey. 2S'g'3Cc per lb; Sole,
Leather, medium. 28630c; Sole Leather, light.
I 26Ti2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27©2Sc; Rough.
I Leather, light. 2."W?/26c : Harness Leather, heavy.
32&3«c: Harness Leather, medium. 3ij<?I37c: Har
ness Leather, light. 22325c; Collar Leather. 15^
16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40*3500 per lb: \ eal.
finished, M©55e: Calf, finished. 75C5J1 20; Sides,
finished. 16017c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14
©16c: Hough Splits. S<!il0<? per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
79c: raw, 77c; cases. 3c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases, 7'c: China
Nut, 6*fi72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, GOc: cases'. 65c: Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37»«<?i4C> 2 c per gallon. Fish
Oil. barrels, 3.V; cases. 40c.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, 12Hc; Pearl
Oil in cases, lSV>c: Astral Oil. In cases. lS' 2 c;
Star OH. in cases, lSVic; Extra Star Oil. In
rases, 22tic; Elaine Oil. in cases. 23 v ic; Eocene.
20Hc: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13c;
Deodorized Steve Gasoline, in cases. 21c: Ben
zine, in bulk. 14Uc: Benzine. In cases. 20'jc:
S6-df-gree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c: i6-degree Gas
oline. In cases, 27c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 69c per gallon in
cases and C3c In drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7«i#
7?ic per lb; White Lead. 7©7%c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $30(531 per flask for local use
and $131546 fcr export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in JOO-lb bags: Cube*. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c; Powdered,
5. Wo: Candy Granulated, 5.S0c: Dry Granulated,
6.70c: Confectioners' A, 5.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c;
Extra C. c.2Cc; Golden C. 5.10c: barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
f.O-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for Ies3
than 7*> barrels or its equivalent. Doniinos,
hnlf-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, 6.73c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary slzea. $16^17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, H7Q1S for No. 1 and $15®16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $3 30-2? 4; Pickets. $13: Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, Ui'd^l.
Receipts of Produce.
TUESDAY. July 24.
Flour, qr sks 1S.9S3 Butter, ctls 433
Wheat, ctls 2.CC0 Cheese, ctls 4*
Barley, sks 4.f.0 i Pelts. bdls 2*3
Oats, sks 1.770iH!des. No 718
Potatoes, sks 3,741 EgRS. dor 20,640
Onion, sks 1.1C5 Quicksilver, fisks 4"
Onions, sks 1.165 'Leather, rolls 52
Middlings, ska .. 9;or,tme, bbls 4S2
Wool, bales 27 ?ugar. bags 2.?™
Hny, tons 1,368 Chicory, kegs 52
Htraw. tons 43 Wine, gals 20,610
Tallow, ctls 233
Poultry and Game
One car of Eastern came in. The market for
local stock continued dull, especially for young
fowl. Large, fat Hens sold oft fairly. The
few changes were generally toward lower
prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9S10c for Gobblers
and lOJjllc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $123:
Goslings, $1 25fl:i 50; Ducks. $3«4 for old and
$3^4 for young; Hens. $3 5««g3 50; Young
Roosters. M63S0;*Old Roosters, $3 ZlXgl; Fry
ers, $3ft3 50; Broilers. $2 5O@3 for large and
$1 30tfJ2 ' for small; Pigeons. Jl 23@1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 2D!51 SO for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, SOc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Butter and Eggs rule firm, and though the
tendency is upward, the improvement is
gradual. Some dealers are opposing any ad
vance, on the ground that it will shut off the
dur.arid and result in lower prices later on.
Stocks are not heavy. Cheese Is in good sup
ply and easy.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 20®21c; seconds.
Da try— Fancy, ]R^?19c; good to choice, 16®
l"Hc: common. HSfloc.
CHEESE— New. S#9c; Young America, 3Vi1J
10c: Eastern l3>,4ffl4V4c: Weetern. HK312c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14'5l6c for store and lTVi'tf
21c Der dozen for ranch; Eastern, 141jl7c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Receipts of Melons continue to Increase and
the market Is declining. Grapes, too, are shad
ing off under slowly increasing supplies.
Good Peaches are higher under a brisk ship
ping demand, but a good deal of the stock
comlns in is poor and slow of sale at low
prices. Apricots and Plums are dull and fea
tureless. The market Is heavily etocked with
Bartlett Pears, owing largely to the Sacra
mento failure. Figs continue scarce. Berries
stnnd about the same.
Lemons and Limes continue firm at the ad
vance
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 20<g30c per box and crate; and
$1C(&-I. r » per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 25c@$l for larce boxes; Graven
eteins, il^l 25; Crabapples, 25®40c per small
box, and 50&75c per large box.
PEARS— Harrietts. $25@75c Jn boxes and $13®
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20-gOOc per box and crate, and 20fl33c
per basket; in bulk, $7 CC(yflo ptr ton; Prunes,
25<0CiOc per crate and 25fi46c. per basket.
.STRAWBERRIES— $2 ;*li3 per chest for large
and $2 50tj5 for small berries.
HASPBERRIES-$5'«G per chest.
BLACKBERRIES- $2 50(g5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
CURRANTS— $2(jj3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8c per It).
FIGS— Per box. S5£50c lor single and 6Sc(?$l
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White, S5(350c per box; red.
E0^75c.
PEACHES— 35®80c per box and 30S50c per
basket: in bulk, $15(5'2t) per ton; Sawyer's Seed
lings, 75c per basket.
URAPBS — From Arizona. $1@1 25 per crate
for white and 60^75c for black; Fontalnebleau.
from Vacavllle, 30r?i90c per crate; Muscats, 50c
©Jl per crate: Seedless, $1§1 25 per crate.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 65*/ $1 50 per case; Can
taloupes. Jl 50<S2 25 per crate; Watermelons,
from Fresno, JSS20 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas. $1 E/v§2; Lem
ons, Jl 25<S2 50 for common and $33* for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, J6(ff6 50; Banana.*,
75cgS2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per
dozen.
Some changes In Nuts will be se«n. Wal
ruts. Almonds and Bra2lls are hlsrher.
Now I'eaches are now coming in.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The medium grades of Honey are weaker.
Prices for new crop fruits show little change.
Quotations for new Prunes are expected within
a week.
DRIED FRUITP— Old Crop— Prunes, nominal
— cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, 5 1 ii'96c: sun
dried. 3??4c per n>; Black Figs. I=itj2c; White
Figs, 2fi3c; Bleached Plums, 7V4c; Unbleached
Plums. Cc for pitted and IHc for unpltted.
NEW CROP — Apricots. f>(&7c per It>: Peaches,
5ig6c; Pears. 5-37c: Plums, pitted. 4',a'g6c.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy. per
tt>, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per tb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per tb. S'^c: choice, " l^c; standard. G>4c;
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
60-lt) boxes, oc; 2-crown, loose Mrscatels. 5V4c;
3-crown, C l ,ic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, |1 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl CO. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 £0: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Walnuts, S#10c for Standards and 8
(ffllc for softshells; "new Almonds, IV^OW.ifi
for paper shell, StHSlOHc for soft and 6©7c for
hardshell. Peanuts. ErfgS^c for Eastern and
&<56c for California; Brazil Nuts. HS12'.ie; Fil
berts, 12@13c; Pecans, irgl3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
@5.
" HONEY— Comb. 12#12Hc for britrht and 110
11»4 for light amber: water white. 7%@T%c;
light amber extracted, 6V4'36%c; dark. ;'ig6c
per tb.
BEESWAX— 24Q2fic rer It).
Provisions.
Dealers continue to report a dull midsummer
market with no change In prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lOtfjlOUc per lb for
heavy, lQ'itjlOHc ' or Hsht medium. ll*ic for
light. 12'^c for extra light and 14'jc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar- cured Hams, 12<?j"13c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl: extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily. 114: extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear. $19;
Mesp. $16 50; Smoked Beef , . 12«*<5l3c per lb.
LAUI>— Tierces quoted at 7c per, lb for com
pound and SHc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
$\c; 10-lb tins. 9lic; 5-lb tins, 93ic.
COTTOLENE- One-half barrel. ST^c; three
half-barrels, S^ic; one tierce,- 8%c; two tierces,
H4cJ live tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hots. I
Hides are very weak and declining, with a
dull market. There Is very little contracting
for Hors, as growers are generally holding
above the views of buyers. Wool is extremely
slow.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9'4c; medium. SHc; light. S^c: Cow
hides, SHc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 15c; Sheepskins. ¦-
Shearlings. 20©30c each: short Wool. 30?J50c
each; medium. 60<g80c: long Wool. 90c@« 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2<ff2 25 for .large, $1 75
for medium. Jl for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium, tl for small and 2.Vu".'.0c for colts. r>eer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin cklns, 20c. Goal
tkln»—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
D0c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4o per lb: No. 8.
2c; refined. B^c: grease, 2©2^c.
"WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14@loe: Northern defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 14®lSc; Middle Coun
ty defective, 12614c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', ll(5'12c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 10(g'12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9'S'llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16®lSc; Nevada, 13®16c per lb. Fall Clip— San
Joaqutn Lambs'. SQ9c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5<gl0c per lb; new, 10@12c
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for most descriptions stand about the
same, though. Veal may be a trifle lower, ac
cording to the views of some dealers. Hogs
continue easy under the better supplies of the
past few days.
DEEF— 6®6ViC per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Lan?e. 7.3Sc: small. 9®10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "hi'SSc; ewes, 7@7&c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8H®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c tor small. 5%«?5T8C for
medium and 5H'?5%c fcr lanre; stock Hogs and
feeders. &MjC; dressed Hokb, SgS^e.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bngs are weak at the decline
already noted. The reduced yield of the State
lias decreased the demand materially. San
Quentln Bags, $5 fi5; Calcutta Grain Bags, 6H@
G»ic; Wool Bags, 2$ti@32Hc: Fleece Twine, T^c;
Fruit Bags, CVaffC^c for white and SVi@S?ic lor
bleached jute.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras in 2%-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, JIM for un
peeled. $1 S3 for peeled and SI M for peeled and
sliced: Blackberries. $1 CO; Cherries. |1 73 for
black. Jl S5 for white and $2 for Royal Anne-
Currants, Jl 75; Gooseberries, Ji 65; Grapes t
$1 3j; N'ectarlncs, Jl 50; Peaches, Jl 65@i 75-
Pears. $175; Plums, $103(9140: Quinces. *l 65-
Raspberries, Jl So: Strawberries, Jl 75.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $3: Seattle, J7; Bryant. J6; Coos Bav
15 50; Wnllsend; $9; Co-operative Wallsend. J9 :
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14; Cannel. $i;
per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and SIS in
sack?; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 pounds and IS 00 per ton, according to
brand.
COFFEE— Corta Rica. 14@15%c- for prime
washed. 12Vi@13 1 .ic for good washed, 13<u>l4ije
for good to prime washed peaberry. llVjg-iac
for good to prime peaberry, llV4S13»ic for good
to prlrr.e. 10<$lle for good current mixed with
black beans. 9H{?lH»c for fair.' !Q%\c nominal
for common to ordinary. Salvador— 10V@13c for
good to prime washed, lO^lOHc for fair washed
12^13^0 for good to prime washed peaberry!
lO'iSJWic for good to prime semi-washed. 104c
t/lle.for superior unwashed. 10@10Hc for good
tteon unwashed. llQ'lllic for good to superior
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
blood combing, 23®24c; three-eighths blood, 233>
21c; braid combing. 21c. Territory, scoured
basis — Montana and Wyoming, fine medium and
flue, 17@lSc; scoured, 50c; staple. 52@S2Vic;
Utah, fine medium and fine, Iflffl7c; scoured.
&0c; staple. 52c; Idaho, fine medium and fine.
lti@17c; Ecoured, EOc: staple, C2S53c. Australian,
scoured basis spot prices— Combing superfine,
nominal, S2@S7c; good. 80®S2c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY. 25, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. July St.— Those who have
•ought to read In the recent stock market a
reflection (f general conditions outside were
etlll further confounded by the clc»e of to
iay'f market. The weakness, which showed
not bC adequately accounted fur by anything
In the news of the day. But as the result ot
effort* by professional (peculator* to take th»:r
profits without any (i»mand for stocks to ab
sorb the offerings the day's movement was
capable of explanation. Efforts wt-re made la
sustain the rr.arket la the morning- by manipu
lation of a few <if the sp*ciaitu«. especially
tupar and the T^bacct-s. Later in the dav
Tcl-aceo wa* exclusively rolled upon as a. sus
taining influence and linally that stock, after
having been pushed up nearly r> points dropped
bark more than 2 In the genera! ¦reaJmes*
*;th which the jr.arket clo.-e<i. Tolmcco's net
gain Is 2%*C but all ot the earlier rliw Ir.
tfugar wa* w:;>ej out. Many stocka show losses
of a pol:.t or upward for the day. There was
resizing in evidence fn.ini the opening, but
the first point of acute weakness to develop
»a« in lirookiyn Transit. The recent advance
In this stock has evidently tx-en in anticipation
cf the favorable decision announced yester
day of the right rf the company to charg3
10-cer.t fare? to Coney Is'.and and realizing
wa« very large during U*e day. The lai-t
price to-day was T.6, coxrii'art-ii with CO ;.n*
yesterday afternoon. Doubtless the most v*>
tent Influence- In the late reaction was the por
tentous growl emitted by the recognized recent
l>ear leader from his Kurujiean retirement in
*n interview. Tlie r>uT<=irl«. interest In Um
rr.ark*-t proved wholly inadequate to absorb
the ci{Iert:i(,6 to realize and a rapidly declining
fcale of pi!''"" vva 8 the natural result. There
v i.» a feeling of doubt aroused in the minds
of speculator* by the general skepticism ex
pressed ly i .*...-¦ oiHnmentators over yester
day* rite which was universally attributed
to artificial manipulation. The mn-enpoR-?
tnrrit of ffold lor exjxirt yesterday, which
caused »^cie feeling of relief in the then op
tlnv.istic mood cf Fj'eculaU.fti. gave place to-
Cui U a frr-sh conviction that a larpe outpo
of f/M 1* imminent and that a period of
tartnpency In the money market later In tlu
summer ran harilly be avoided. Rates of ster
ling exchange in New York were not quotably
higher, although the market was reported !lrm
and sterling exchange advanced an additional
fraction in Paris. Call loans and discounts
toth advanced l:i London and exchange booses
are of the i-plnlon that ;¦'-¦'. will go to Paris
on Thursday's steamer. No engagements hav-_
jret brpn rr.ad<», however.
The bond n'.arkct generally continued dull
end irrejruiar. Total sales, par value, tLOSO -
000.
ITnited Ptates old 4s 'coupon) and the r.c»
4s deeUr.ed 5n the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Ehare» Closing
Sold. Stock— Eld.
T.TSO Atchison ts%
10.7^0 Atchieon prefd «5t»
4.l7i Baltimore & Ohio ;;,',
Canadian Pacific *£\
2<"> Canada Southern 4V
1.1«« Chesajx-ake & Ohio ITiJ
2T.1 Chlcr.po <;reat Western 11
S.TTT Chicago. Jiurllr.gton & Qunicy UGH
Chicago, Indianapolis & LoulsvUle.^ 23
Ch'cas'', ini!lana!>olis & J^ou prefd. €2
Chiraco & Katstern Illinois K
Id) ChlCipo & Northwestern -10oH
2.T.W Chicago. P.'-ck IManl « Pacific.... 107 '
2.:,1) C C C & .'-'t I^rjis i<j\
2L0 Colora-Io Southern (i,
Colorado Bootnern I*t pr"fd w~
...... Colorado Bovtbera 2<1t prefd jfiij
Iviaware £. Batfsoa liiu
too iviaware. lAdcawaoxa, & Weztern.l77^{
DeT>\er & Ilio l»ran«-.i 171.
1M Ln-nver a.- Klo <:rande prefd 0C^
Krte 11
?10 Tirie :« prefd 22\
;*C Orrat Northern pr'*fd YA
Hocking Coal H
Hr<-kin« Valley 33
U£O Illinois Central W%
Iowa Central 2 1 '
Z3fi leva Central prefd 47
Kansas City. I'ltt^burg & Gulf 16
l.-.k- Krie & Western IS
J-ake Krie t Western prefd 80
Ixike Shore .' "10
S.f'C Louisville & Nashville TJ'i
t.W Manhctt.in 1 81
U30 MftroiKihtsn Pt Ry 1»5
ISO Mexi'-an "'pntral 12\
LS9Q Mirneapolls & Bt Louis £6'j;
125 Mlnneepolis & St Louis prefd ti
2.T.Q Missouri 1'acffic fc0?4
Itxj V.. bile & Ohio £S
llissouri. Kansas & Texas li>
VQ Missouri. Kansas & Texaa prefd 31U
73S N<w Jersey Ontral I2&\
J.2X New York Central 1233;
710 Norfolk & Western 33^
Norfolk 4l- Western prefd 77',*
tm Northern Pacific 51V»
8
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat and Wheat freights weak.
Minor grains as previously quoted.
Flour and Millstuffs unchanged.
I lav- continues in heavy receipt and weak.
Beans and Seeds dull and largely nominal.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry low and weak, with ample supplies.
Fruit market well stocked with most descriptions.
Provisions still neglected.
Xuts somezvhat higher. Medium Honey lower.
Dried Fruits about the same.
Meat market as before quoted.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Grain Bags weak.
Xo change in Oils.
Stocks and bonds dull.
Butter marked up another notch.
Eggs firm. Cheese plentiful and weak.
California Fruit Sales.
for Alameda; Asparafrus, 75c®$3 per box:
Green Peas. 2@4c per lb; String Beans, 3@4c:
Llmas, 3'gAc; Cabbage, 4(X@90c: Tomatoes.
Rivers SOg^Sc; Bay. ; Ege Plant. 60c@$l per
box; Green Okra. $101 25; Green Peppers. 3o(g
oCc per box for Chill and SOciffll for Bell; Dried
Peppers. SJTlQc: Carrots. 25g35c per eack; Sum
mer Squash, 60<3C»c for Alameda; Cucumbers,
25ff?40c for Alameda: Pickles. 35@75c; Garlic,
2!g3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, J12S15 per ton.
United States Oa.«t and G-rrjeti? Survey-
Times and Heights of Htxb and I^iw
Waters at Kort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of rhe Superintendent.
" NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city fror.t (Mis?i<-m-street wharf) at-.-.ut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heicht of tld» !3 the same a both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tiiies
the early mornlnsr tides are plven In the left
hand column and the successive t!Jf« of the
dav in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second ti.-re column sives the se^cn;! tt<1e of
the day. the third time column the thtrd tMa
ami the last or r!g-ht hand column (fives th»
last tide of the day. except when there ar» hut
three tM«»s. as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundlnsrs en tba
T'nited State3 Coast Survey charts, exceft
when a minus sitrn (— > precedes th» hrlzhr.
and then the number c!ven Is subtracted from
the depth given by th» chirts. Th<* plan* of
reference Is the mean of th<» !o^»r low v.h'"
TO SAIL.
•
: i.
5s '.'.'.
27 ...
4:40!-
B:19|-
— o.s,
— o.s
— O.3i
ri 4
CS ...
6:26
1 "Wi
r.
T3 ...
to:..
om::
1:23!
31 '.'.'.
2:i;|
4.2
I TVnm
Steamer.
'illnmhrlr't . . .
OriT.^hn
unzaca
Cooul!!e River..
jGraVi Hirbor...
Loqui^r nucr..
Pe! Norte
JPort'an'J
Matteawan
Santa Kcsa
Ctty of Puebla..
Crescent City...
.ITacoma
. San Dtego
. Victoria
. CTepront City...
Mackinaw
W. H. Kruysr..
Alameda
.IPeattie
.'Fan Peilro
.(Australia
Krnpire
Point Arena —
Fureka
Coos Day
. HumboJut
.Newport
Curacao
Victoria
State of Cal
.Mexico ."*..
JOyster Harbor..
.(Portland I
¦Willamette
Ar-nta
JSeattI<»
.|Coo« Bay
Corona
. !San Dieso
Walia Walla!!!.
City of Sydney.
'. Victoria?...*....."
. New York
S
Bonlta
.'NewTxirt
Stearo«r. | Destination. | Sa'.i
is. I
; Pier*
Arcata (Coos Bay (July 23.
Vmatllla ..(Vic & P gt Sd. July 25.
Australia ..Honolulu July 25.
North Fork Humboldt July 25,
Coptic )China& Japan 'July 28,
Bcnlta (Newport July 2<5.
Orizaba ...fHumboldt July 27.
Columbia ..(Portland July 27.
Abydoa ....IHamburff July 27,
Santa Rosa San Plego July 23,
Colon INew Tork July 23.
DH Norte..| Portland Ju!y 23.
Coqullle R.. forays Harbor; July 2*.
W. Krujrer.!T11!am<v>k 'July ti.
12 m|
11 am
2 pra-
9 am
1 pin:
9 am
2 pm'
11 airij.
Wara!:
11 am,':
1 pmn
S ami;
3 pra.
12 m]]
Pier IS
Pier »
Pier 7
Pier »
PMS9
Pier It
iPler »
; Pier 21
Pier 7
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 20
Pier":
Kurf-krx illumboldt ijuly *>.
Pt. Arena. .jPolnt Arena.. jJuly 30,
Cooa Bay. .[Newport Ijuly 3n.
10 am:l
2 pm'l
Uazn i
Czarina ....[Seattle jJuly 30,
City PurtlaiVlctoria (July 30,
Corona iSan Dies'* iAuff. I.
Stearo«r. | Destination. | Sa'.i
is. I
; Pier*
Arcata (Coos Bay (July 23.
Vmatllla ..(Vic & P gt Sd. July 25.
Australia ..Honolulu July 25.
North Fork Humboldt July 25,
Coptic )China& Japan 'July 28,
Bcnlta (Newport July 2<5.
Orizaba ...fHumboldt July 27.
Columbia ..(Portland July 27.
Abydoa ....IHamburff July 27,
Santa Rosa San Plego July 23,
Colon INew Tork July 23.
DH Norte..| Portland Ju!y 23.
Coqullle R.. forays Harbor; July 2*.
W. Krujrer.!T11!am<v>k 'July ti.
12 m|
11 am
2 pra-
9 am
1 pin:
9 am
2 pm'
11 airij.
Wara!:
11 am,':
1 pmn
S ami;
3 pra.
12 m]]
Pier IS
Pier »
Pier 7
Pier »
PMS9
Pier It
iPler »
; Pier 21
Pier 7
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 20
Pier":
Kurf-krx illumboldt ijuly *>.
Pt. Arena. .jPolnt Arena.. jJuly 30,
Cooa Bay. .[Newport Ijuly 3n.
10 am:l
2 pm'l
Uazn i
Czarina ....[Seattle jJuly 30,
City PurtlaiVlctoria (July 30,
Corona iSan Dies'* iAuff. I.
I TVnm
Steamer.
'illnmhrlr't . . .
OriT.^hn
unzaca
Cooul!!e River..
jGraVi Hirbor...
Loqui^r nucr..
Pe! Norte
JPort'an'J
Matteawan
Santa Kcsa
Ctty of Puebla..
Crescent City...
.ITacoma
. San Dtego
. Victoria
. CTepront City...
Mackinaw
W. H. Kruysr..
Alameda
.IPeattie
.'Fan Peilro
.(Australia
Krnpire
Point Arena —
Fureka
Coos Day
. HumboJut
.Newport
Curacao
Victoria
State of Cal
.Mexico ."*..
JOyster Harbor..
.(Portland I
¦Willamette
Ar-nta
JSeattI<»
.|Coo« Bay
Corona
. !San Dieso
Walia Walla!!!.
City of Sydney.
'. Victoria?...*....."
. New York
S
Bonlta
.'NewTxirt
•
: i.
5s '.'.'.
27 ...
4:40!-
B:19|-
— o.s,
— o.s
— O.3i
ri 4
CS ...
6:26
1 "Wi
r.
T3 ...
to:..
om::
1:23!
31 '.'.'.
2:i;|
4.2
AUCTION SALES
5^, AUCTION SALE
OF
63 Head Trottin^-Breti and Work Horses.
Well-matched pairs KWTtl*. bays and sra;j.
A noinbCT of pacrs In the lot.
Sired by DKL PASO. ROBERT LKE. P.F.-
KCIIf>. WESTMC'NT »nd other stallions a.-.l
out of standard br«-i! man-!.
Bred by J. B. HAG43IX. KSQ.. Kern County
Land Company.
PROPERTY OF CHASE & MENDENHAX^
To be sold en
THURSDAY. JULY 2S, IS>3O.
At 11 a. m.. at Satesjrttrd.
1732 Market St., Cor Van Ness Ave.
Horses now at yard. Catalesv.es ready.
CIIASK & JIEXDEXHAI.L.
Live Auctiono-rs.
/ Successors to Klllls & Co.LONDON*. July 24.— The supplementary
estimates necessitated by the . prolonga
tion of the war In South Africa amount
to £11.500,000, making a total of £34,500,
000 voted for this purpose and bringing
the total army estimates up to £76,809,153.
To I*ecture on Social Conditions.
The Rev. "William Rader will deliver a
lecture in the Temple. 117 Turk street, this
evening at 8 o'clock. Subject, "Social
Conditions in Europe." The public Is in
vited.
Gloss of St. Francis' Triduum.
The trlduum In honor of St. Ann, which
commenced in. St. Francis' Church, Val
lejo street, last Monday, will close to
morrow evening. At the closing exercises
the pastor. Rev. T. Caraher, will preach
upon "Good St. Ann."
Conditions in the Philippines.
BERKELEY. July 24.— Dr. Thomas Me-
Cleave, late surgeon in the United States
army will lecture before the missionary
societies of Berkeley to-morrow evening
at the Presbvterlan Church on the condi
tions in the Philippines. Dr. McCleave has
recently returned from the islands, where
he was stationed for about a year.
BERKELEY. July 24.— Willie Sherman,
the 8-year-old son of George Sherman of
1619 Delaware street, was accidentally
shot In the leg this morning by a bullet
from a 22-caliber rifle. Several small boys
were using th«» rifle and It was discharges
by one of them. The Sherman boy's
wounO Is not serious.
Small Boy Accidentally Shot.
BERKELEY. July 24.— George J. Huf
ferdlne has been selected trainer for the
University of California football team
next season. He has signed a contract
for three months" work, to commence
soon after college opens, tor which he it
to receive WOO. 4 .
Football Trainer Chosen.
Child's Leg Broken.
Frances Gatley. an 11-year-old child, r«
plding at 409 Folsom street, was treated
at the Harbor Receiving Hospital last
evening for a compound fracture of the
right leg. The child was riding on a
truck loaded with lumber, when a plank
fell off and struck her.
Judge Hunt Stricken.
ALAMEDA. July 24.— Judge A. B. Hunt.
Register of the Land Office In San Fran
cisco and prominent In local Republican
politics, has suffered a paralytic stroke
at his home. HtO Orand street. He was
about to retire, when he accidentally fall
to the floor. His entire right side vtmm
paralyzed. He has been under treatment
since and is now rapidly recovering.
Peckernan Jury Filling TJp.
' M. A. Judd, D. Newell, J. P. Meagher,
James Feller and E. J. Luhrman were
yesterday chosen as part of the jury to
try Joseph Peckernan, an employe of
Zlck Abrams, charged with violating the
poolroom ordinance. Seven of the Jury
have now been selected, the other two
having been chosen on Saturday.
MILWAUKEE. "Wls.. July 24— The National
Photographers' Association convened la annua!
gathering h*re to-day with a lar^e attend
ance. The day wan tak^n up with demonstra
tions in color-photography and papers.
LONDON', July 24.— The Prince of Wales It
now a fellow of the Royal Colleg» of Surgeon*.
The president of the collet. Sir William Mf-
Cormlck. headed a deleiratlon that presented
his Highness with the diploma at Marlborough
House this morning.
CHICAGO. July :4.-Chief Hale of tho Kan
pas City Fire Department and men arrived
here to-day en route to New York and thence
to Paris to compete in the International fire
man tournament the latter part of next
month. After that Chief Hals and his men
will give an exhibition in Western Europe.
LONDON. July 24.— The new Hamburg-Amer
ican line steamer Deutwhland, Captain Albert,
from New York, arrived at Plymouth at 8:SC
o'clock this morning on her maiden trip east
ward, making a. record run of five days four
teen hours and six minutes despite .two days
of fog. Her biggest day's run wa« made on
July 19 (her second day out), when 12% miles
were logged.
Fire in Martinique Pavilion.
PARIS, July 25.— At about 10 o'clock last
evening fire broke out In the cellars of
the Martinique Pavilion of the Kxposltlon,
situated In the Trocadero Gardens, de
stroying a quantity of alcohol. The pa
vilion itself was saved, but much damage
was done to the basement. The fire was
extinguished before II o'clock, at which
hour, during the hot season, the water is
cut off. Had it been otherwise it is prob
ablei that the entire building would have
been destroyed.
Bryan to Visit Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 24.— Colonel William J.
Bryan has accepted an invitation to at
tend the national encampment of the
Grand Army in this city next August.
NEW YORK, July 24.-Brigadier Gen-
Death of Brigadier General Jones.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Shriners Going? to Honolulu.
ALAMEDA. July 34. — WTien the steamer
Zealandia sails with a cargo of Mystic
ShrinerB on October 8 for the Hawaiian
Islands she will carry among the lot a
number of Alameda Shriners. Amonic
those who have signified their Intention of
going on the excursion are D. W". Martin,
Captain A. V. Lancaster, Henry Seven
lng. Hiram T. Graves. Henry Reams and
State Senator E. K. Taylor.
Assaulted an Officer.
Elmer Miller was arrested last night at
Sixth and Howard streets by Officer Mat
thew L. Tlerney on a warrant charging
him with assault with a deadly weapon.
Miller. It is claimed. Is one of the men
who assaulted Officers Herllhy and Gra
ham in the Ocean Beach Pavilion on Sun
day last. Miller gave the officer a hard
fetruggle before submitting to arrest.
Remembered City Charities.
In a communication addressed to the
t-xeeutors of his estate the late II. L*
Simon left the following bequests to va
rious charitable organizations: Pacific
Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home So
ciety, $3000; Eureka Benevolent Associa
tion, $1000; German General Benevolent
Society, $1000; Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum, $500: Protestant Orphan Asylum
$500; Childrens' Hospital, $500; Mount Ziori
Hospital, $500.
JEALOUS INDIAN STABS
A DARK-SKINNED BELLE
OAKLAND. July 24.— Belle Smith, a
vour.g Indian, was seriously Btabbed yes
terday afternoon at Nlles by Chris Ara
mego, a half-breed, who was drunk and
jealous. He accused the girl of associat
ing with other Indians. There was a
quarrel, and Aramego drew a knife and
slashed at the woman. She caught the
blade in her hand. The angry assailant
pulled the knlf« away and then plunged
the blade Into the girl's Bide.
The wounded woman fell unconscious
from ¦ pain and hemorrhage. Friends se
cured a surgeon's services. The wounds
are not fatal. Aramego was arrested
later and was taken to the County Jail.
He was charged with assault to commit
murder.
Committee Nominated to Organize
2Iass Meeting and Enlist Pub
lic Sympathy.
The news that thcpeople of Colma are
raising a subscription to carry on the de
fense nt the accused !n the famous mur
<ier case has inspired the colored folks of
Fan Francisco to set plans afoot for a
I :s ma^s-meeting to agitate the commu
5 it;. :r: Mitchell's favor and also raise suf- .
Jlcient money to carry on a vigorous pros- [
ecutlon of thos» who are suspected of be- :
i:.g the rnurdrrers of his wife and son.
At a meeting: held at the Zion African ;
Methodist Episcopal Church last night
the following i;amed were elected a com- !
mlttee t<> s>ut the movement into opera- !
t:cn: J. B. Morton, president; J. I.,. Fran
<-.s. secretary: G. W. Dennis Jr., treas
urer; Rev. TiUhman Brown, Rev. W. W.
Grimes of Bethel A. M. K. Church. Rev.
J. II. Kelly of Third Baptist Church. J. '
C. Rivers. F. W. Jackson. W. R. Strick- i
land. Israel McKee, A. 1^. Dennis and J.
L. Clayton.
A typewritten document reciting the
history of the Colma murders and the clr- *
tumstaricw to which the f«»ud ow»-s its
existence has l*en drawn up and will be
distributed to all the colored churches.
While the Mitchell sympathizers intend '
to confine their attention mostly
to colored people, they at the same time •
intend to make the subscription lists gen- (
t-ral. The sum secured will be turned over
either to Mitchell or to some person who ;
¦v.ill handle it advantageously. The mass- '
meeting will probably be held a month ;
from the present date.
Executive Committee Has Settled on
a Route From Ingleside to
San Mateo.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Cycle Path Association was held
last evening In the rooms of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade. Even at
this early date It sefms certain. Judging
from the tenor of the discussion at the
meeting, that the path between this city
and San Mateo Is assured. After some dis
cupsion the committee settled on a route
which is doubtless the best between the
two points named.
It is the purpose of the committee that
the route Ftarl at Ingleside. From there
It will be carried along the Southern Pa
cific's right of way to Colma and thence
to the cemeteries. From the cemeteries
the county road ¦will be followed through
to San Mateo. The Supervisors of. Sr\n
Mateo County have eet aside a section of
the road for the cycle path, and this sec
tion will be graded and kept in condition.
Knglneers have overcome the matter of
the cattle-guard problem on the railroad
right of way. Civil Engineers Frederick
Herrmann and CL A. Hess have been em
ployed to survey the route and prepare
plans. The Southern Pacific Company will
wait until the completion of these plans
before granting or denying the right of
way to the association which is now being
sought.
Members of the committee who were
present at the meeting last night were-.
President E. B. Learning. T. G. Spillane.
William Mackle. S. (J. Scovern. Joseph
Holle. C. N. Ravlin. J. W. Cornell. Edwin
Coeller, E. B. Ram bo and H. \VY Spalding.
FOREIGN CORPORATION
SUES ON TAX ACCOUNT
Point of Great Interest Involved in
Action Filed by Armour
Packing Company.
"The Armour Pa.ckin»r Company, through
Its attorney. Gavin McNab, C1*h1 suit yes
terday against the city and county of San
Francisco to recover taxes paid under
protest on Its franchise, assessment.
Though the amount Involved in the suit
1e Ema'l, the principle Its final adjudica
tion will establish will be of great impor
tance to the many corporations doing
Viueiness under the incorporation laws ot
this Stat**.
The plaintiff corporation contends that
its franchise to do business in this State
is non-assessable. It is paid that many
Xrthcr corporations organized under the
Jaws of States other than California are
lurking the Armour Company in this ac
tion, as the final decision will be of inter
tf-t to all.
Should the court determine that the
franchises of these foreign corporations
are non-assessable, not only would the
loss be a great one to the State but to
those corporation* organized under the
laws of this Stale, whose franchises are
assessable. Released of the burden of
taxation, foreign corporations could mor»
than successfully compete with local or
iranlzations. The FUit riled yesterday. It Id
mid. will b* rushed through to the Su
j.reme Court of the United States in event
the Supreme Court of this State gives
judgmer.t sgalnst the plaintiff.
Mrs. Plunkett Wants Divorce
Ida It. Plunkett fil^d suit yesterday for
divorce from her husband. Walter W.
Piunkett. whom she married on July 23.
IS.*. Thf ¦>• were married in San Rafael,
and Mrs. Plunkett rays her husband for
got h»r within a week, deserted her and
th» was forr^d to r«-ly on the charity of
friends for tn«-ans of livelihood. As cause,
of action Mrs. Plunkett alleges failure to
provide. Fh* alleges lier husband's neglect
cf hf-r was due to h!s Idleness, profligacy
and dissipation. She asks in addition to a
decree, of divorce that the court grant her
leave to resume her maiden name, Ida It.
Marsh. Suit for divorc has also been
tiled by Annie Unis xgalnst Harry I-Inls
f'jr failure to provide, and by Kate Turner
against Patrick Turner for failure to pro-
Vid *- _
Officer Boyston Had a Fire.
A spark from a chimney which started
a fire on the roof of the dwelling owned
and orcuplf-'l by Police Officer S. W. Roy
ston at 4334 Twenty-third street brought
the Fire Department to the scene yester
day afternoon. The alarm was turn«-d In
from box 2T«5 3t 3:35 o'clock, and when the
engines arrived at the house the entire
roof was ablazo. a copious drenching
had the desired effect and the dwelling
¦was saved, not. however, until about $500
worth of damage was done between water
end the all-consuming element. Insur
ance will replace the damage to the house
and furniture.
Missed Baby but Killed Cat.
\\ rule the r>aby brother of George H.
Juilly and the family cat were playing on
the back porch of their home at 11 Sixth
Etreet last evening, a bullet nred from a
r'ighboring window removed the feline
from thing? mundane and narrowly
rr.iFFfd its playmate. Juilly reported the
matter to the police last night and an
Investigation will be made. Juillv believes
the shot was meant for the child.
Sanderson Has Piper Will
Charlrp Edvlmrtn appeared before Judge
Bahrs yesterday morning in answer to a
citation directing him to produce the al
leged last will of the late William 11.
Piper. Mr. Eil^Iman said that he had
given the will to ex-Judge A. A. Sander
son, who had the document in his posses
sion. A citation was then Insueti com
manding Judge Handerson to produce the
instrument on Monday next. The will
s=aiu to be In Judge Sanderson's possession
bequeaths- decedent's estate to an alleged
son by Mrs. Elmira IV. Baldwin Alken.
The will which hafi been admitted to
probate devises the estate to nephews
and cousins of the deceased, all of whom
reside in the East. After the citation was
issued by Judge 1 Bahrs commanding the
presence In court of Judge Sanderson at
torneys representing the proponents of
the will which has been aomitted to pro
bate requested an order distributing tho
real property of the estate to them. Judge
Bahrs refused to make the order and the
entire cape will be looked Into by Judg
Troutt on his return to the ctty on Mon
day.
Deane Will Make Citizens.
In order to accommodate, those anxious
to secure final citizenship papers and to
Issue declarations of Intention to become
ritizenfi to those ¦who may apply for the
same. County Clerk Deane nas ordered
that for the next two weeks his office be
kept open evenings. Deputies will be In
waiting to issue the necessary papers and
many who would be deprived, b— reason
of their business hours, of the right to
vote at the next general election will
doubtless take advantage of the length
r-ntng of the office hours of the Countv
Clerk and secure evidence of their cltlzen-
¦ ? ¦
De Witt Clinton's Nemesis.
When the case of Angelina M. Abbott,
rhanred with assault to murder for Bhoot
lng De Witt Clinton, the actor, on June
14, was called in Judse Mohan's court
yesterday ex-Judge Graham, for the de
fendant, said he nad no evidence to of
fer. The Judge said that he was satisfied
no jury would convict the woman on the
charge, but he would hold her to answer
before the Superior Court on the minor
charge «>f assault with a deadly weapon
In 1500 bonds.
Putting Wires Underground.
The telephone and telegraph companies
are making good progress In the work of
laying their wires underground. . The
companies are now at work In district N'o
2. embracing Stockton. .Montgomery and
Market streets, from New Montgomery to
Fourth. Within a f*w months all poles
and wires, except those used for trollev
will be things of the past.
New warehouse Company.
Articles of Incorporation of Point Rich
mond Terminal Company, which purposes
erecting wharves and carrying on a gen
eral warehouse and dockage business at
Point Richmond, were filed yesterday
with a capitalization of JSOO.OOO. The di
rectors are: Lyle M. Fletcher. Robert Ca
pelle. N\ C. \Vell5. Spencer Bishop, Rossel
G. O'Rrien, Hiram H. Lee and Howard C.
Holmes.
¦ m »
Hurled Over Embankment-
Mrs. Hall, wife of the lighthouse-keeper
at Point San Pedro, was hurled out a
buggy over a eteep embankment near 'that
place on Sunday. Mrs. Hall and a friend,
who was with her at the- time, were se
verely Injured.
1 CYCLE ASSOCIATION
PATH ALMOST ASSURED
COLORED MOVEMENT TO
AID MITCHELL ON FOOT
ART AND ARTISTS.
IT Is a prraceless fashion with some Cal
ifornians, artists and laymen both, to
compare, to our utmost disadvantage,
the art conditions here with those of
the East. There is some small truth
in their accusations of Ignorance, unap
precjatlon and lark of interest on the part
of our people, but that we ne-d not there
fore affect the "entirely inconsolable" a
little exhibition now oyen at Golden Gate
Hall amply proves.
The exhibition of \K. Moran Drown s
lastost paintinir. "Helen of Troy." a com
panion picture to his famous flOO.000 paint
ing, "The Judgment of Paris." is no: per
haps a proof cf what California can do,
but it is a'hright and shining piece of evi
dence as to what the lauded Kast will
sometimes tolerate in \X\f art line.
"Helen of Troy." a largo canvas, six by
fourteen feet, painted In "pa5tille with
wax." as the cicerone kindly informs us,
shows a composition closely r«»s»mhIinK
the classic boarding-house mantelshelf in
design. An amorphous nudity on a couch
in the center, two equally ambiguous
creatures at either end of it. standing sen
tinel fashion, roses and doves and things
—and there you have it. For some unex
plained reason Mr. Drown only a?ks $25.
0)0 for the fair Helen, but it is announced
that there will be opportunity afforded to
all art lovers, at 50 cents per head, to
view her gracious charms.
There are two other pictures equally
amazing alongside the lady of Troy, for
one of which the Princess of Chimay is
said to have pof-ed. It is explained that
three rival Boston beauties posed for the
"Helen of Troy," which is painted in
three sections, "because none of them
would have consented to 'stand' had she
known her hated rival was also being Im
mortalized." There Is slow music behind
the scenes and the literary art is also
called Into- requisition to add Interest to
the show in the shape of some monstrous
ly bad poetry describing the pictures.
W. Moran Drown comes from Boston —
probably that statement is sufficient to
support the humor of the case — and will
go from here to Australia with the fair
Helen, provided sho Is not sold in the
meantime. She will probably accompany
him.
Mrs. Mary Menton has returned from
Ben Lomond with a number of Interesting
studies of redwoods gathered around
there.
Joseph D. Greenbaum i<« the latest to
join the Monterey colony of artists, which
is assuming such unusual proportions.
Mr. Greenbaum will stay for a short sea
son.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Fonda are still at
Monterey. Their summer school of paint
ing has been quite successful and the
work was much enjoyed by the students.
William Keith has a number of new
pictures on tho easel. A fine studv of
Moraga Valley, with a rich, warm bit of
foothill In the foreground and an exqui
site pearly distance, a revel of Callfornlan
color, has just been completed. BoMnas
Bay. as blue as summer skies can paint
it. and seen trom a great downward
srrcep of hills through a vagrant clouJ
caught in the wind-blown plno. Is another
subject of much Interest. And there are
tfce Sierra snow-capped peak* glinting
through the thin, shimmering atmosphere
great crlacier-bitten*. rocks, icy lakes of
wonderful blue. It must be good fun to
paint them. Mr. Keith says It Is.
had be>en held by McFarland and Stev
ens, who made the mile In 1:34 at Los
Angeles last winter.
CHAMPIONS DEFEATED.
The Chicagos Se*m to Be Doing Well
Away From Home.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn . ..47 27 .635 Cincinnati ..26 40 .473
Philadelphia 41 3A .547 Boston 35 39 .473
Pittsburg ...W 37 .520 ft. Louis 32 40 .{44
Chicago . ...33 36 .520 New York. ..27 44 .to
BROOKLYN", July 24.— Chicago won to-day*«
game by i«olld hitting and Garvin's masterly
pitching In the last seven innings. The game
was marked by brilliant playing. Attendance,
1M0. Score:
Clubi?— . R. H. E.
Chlca^r. 0 14 3
Brooklyn 1 10 3
Batteries— Garvln and Chance; Xops, Howell,
McGulre and FarreJl. Umpire, O'Day.
BOSTON, July 24.— In the tenth Jnnlngr of to
day's same Ptahl tripr-Ied to riKht center and
scortd the winning ran on Collins' drive over
the leftfleld fence. Both teams batted hard,
but St. I^juls' flflrting was a trifle worse than
Boston's. Attendance, 1SS0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Bcston 12 17 2
St. Louis 11 12 4
Batteries — Willis, Cuppy and Su!li\'an: Jones,
gudhoff, Dlllard and Crip*r. Umpire, Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA, July 24.— Orth to-day
pitched In good form and in only one Inning
did Cincinnati secure more than one hit. At
tendance, 321S. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati. 1 7 0
Philadelphia 3 9 0
Batteries— Breltenstein and Kahoe; Orth and
McFarland. Umpire, Terry.
NTVW TOIIK, July 24.— New York won to
day's Carre In the eighth innlns. Attendance,
15(>n. Score:
Clubs- R- II. E.
Plttsbursr 1 8 4
New York 2 5 2
Batteries — I>eever and O'Connor; Hawley and
Warner. Umpire, EmsJle.
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 24.— Score: Minneapo
lis 9, Detroit 10. j
RYAN AND ROOT DRAW.
Spectators TMsgpisted "With a Tame
Contest and Many Leave the Hall.
REAGAN WINS.
CHICAGO. July 24.— Tommy Ryan of
Syracuse and Jack Root of Chicago foueht
a draw at Tattersall's to-night. Xeither
had any marked advantage during the six
rounds, although Ryan sent Root to the
floor in the first round -with a right hook
to the jaw. Root evened matters up In
the next round with several heavy right
swings to Ryan's ear that brought the
blood in streams. After that the contest
appeared more like a sparring exhibition
than a tight and the 6000 spectators gave
vent to their cries of disapproval in cries
of "Fake!" and "Take them off!" Durin?
the fifth round several left the hall.
bo disgusted had they become at the worn
of the two men. • .
Hoot had about ten pounds the better
of the -weight. Joe Choynskl and Tommy
White took care of Root, and Jack Jeffries
and Harry Gilmore looked after Ryan's
Interests. The betting was 10 to 8 that
Ryan would win. but very little money
was placed at these odds. George Slier
was referee.
NEW YORK, July 24.— John Reasran of
Brooklyn to-night defeated Clarence
Forbes of Chicago in the twentieth round
before the Seaside Sporting Club at Coney
Island. From the very start It was a hot
set-to. Forbes sent the Brooklyn boy to
ths floor twice In the first four round?.
Reagan then freshened up and kept even
with Forbes, giving smash for smash.
Toward the fifteenth round Forbes
seemed to be tiring and Reagan gave him
a swing on the nose that brought the
blood. Both men kept going fiercely to
the end of the bout In the twentieth
when the referee awarded the decision to
Reagan. ~ .:--'
AMERICAN JOCKEYS WIN.
LONDON, July 24.— At the Leicester
summer meeting to-day the American
jockeys were very successful.
Tho Wigsdon maiden two-year-old plate
was won by Lord William Beresford'a
Choctaw, ridden by L. Reiff.
In the Belprave handicap J. Relff rode
the winner. T. D. Edwor's Fifeshire.
The Evlngton selling plate was won by
O. Temple's Weybridge, guided by Rlgby.
The Regulation plate was won by Sir
M. Fitzgerald's Angelure, on which Rlgby
also had the mount.
Tennis Tournament.
BROOKLINE. Mass., July 24.— The sec
ond day of the Ixjngwood lawn tennis
tournament began under favorable con
ditions. Only four matches were played
to-day, those between AV. A. Lamed and
F. B. Aloxander being the best. Sum
mary:
Flret Round— J. C. Davidson beat D. W.
Belcher, 6-J.-6-4. «-l. W. A. Lamed beat F. B.
Alexander. 6»4. 6-1. 8*2. H. L. Ewer beat J. H.
Williams Jr.. 6-0. 6-1. 6-2.
Second Round— R. D. Little beat J. B. Read.
6-0, 6-L 6-4,
eral Patrick Jones died at his home at
Port Richmond, Staten Island, to-nisht.
aged 70 years. He was born in Ireland
and came to America In ISiO. At the out
break of the Civil War he entered the
Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers as
second lieutenant. He was Postmaster of
New York City during Grant's first term.
WEECZED BY LANDSLIDE.
Engineer and Fireman Killed on a
Wisconsin Line.
LA CROSSE. Wis.. July 24.— The Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul passenger
train No. C. which Is due here at 3:03 a.
m.. was* wrecked about a o'clock this
morninK at Kings Coolie, near Wabasha.
Minn., by running into a landslide at that,
place. Engineer Hathaway and Fireman
Thomas were Instantly killed and sev
eral passengers who were In the forward
coaches -were Injured, some seriously. Th*»
track runs between high bluffs and the
Mississippi River between St. Paul and
La Cros.«e. and th» heavy rains of yester
day loosened a vast amount of earth on
a steep bluff, which gave way shortly be
fore the train came along. A wrecking
train has been sent to the scene.
PEACE IN VENEZUELA
Official Proclamation Made and Polit
ical Prisoners Liberated.
CARACAS. Venezuela. July 24.—Presi
dent Castro has officially proclaimed the
re-establishment' of peace throughout the
republic of Venezuela. All political pris
oners have been set free.
DRIVEN OUT OF PRUSSIA.
BERLIN, July 24.— Max Gruss. the
painter, who is an American citizen, has
been expelled from Prussia.
Curtis Declines.
WASHINGTON, July 24.—Ex-Repre
sentative George 31. Curtis of Iowa haa
declined the office of First Assistant Post
master General. Postmaster General
Smith said after the close of office hours
to-day that no one else had been offered
the office.
Three More Bodies Found.
NEW YORK, July 24. — The men engaged
In cleaning up the Saale at Hoboken t»»
night came upon the remains of three
more bodies. They appear to have been
men.
FIFTEEX boys, employes of the John
Hoey Furniture Company, on Perry
street, near Fourth, suddenly and
without announcement put forth
the banner of the independent working
man and went on a strike yesterday.
Their action surprised the boss, and he
just as unceremoniously "fired" the
strikers when their walking delegate. In
accordance with a tlmeworn and honored
custom, Btepped forward to press his de
mand for higher wages. The firm made
the announcement last night that their
action In discharging their former em
ployes would not cause any depression In
the furniture market.
The only act of depredation which has
been committed as yet was the seizure of
a scavenger's wagon containing a load of
eggs that had passed the age even for
restaurant use. These odoriferous articles
INCIDENTS THAT ATTENDED THE BOYS' DEMAND FOR HIGHER WAGES.
the strikers threw at the side of the build
ing, and to-day Hoey will repaint the
structure. An attempt was made to take
possession of the building, but the fore
man played a hr se out of a window and
this, with the odor of the eeg!>. kept the
mob at a distance until th«» police came.
Yesterday after the lunch hour the fif
teen boys seated themselves on a step
across the street, instead of returning to
work. When they were asked f<">r an ex
planation they paid they were on a strike.
It appears that the scale of wages has
been $4 to $»> a week for boys employed In
the factory, and an increase was demand
ed. The boys were told that their ser
vices would be no longer required when
their determination to strike became
known, and that with one or two excep
tions men would take their places. This
Incensed them.
One lad. Hilly Patterson, remained,
faithful to the firm. He was satisfied with
his wages and would net Join the mob
that lingered outside. He hid under a
desk In the office and covered himself up
with old carpets. On the outside the cries
of the mob could be hean!. and fifteen
pairs of fl?ts were eager to land on Billy's
physiognomy. The atrikfrs called upon
him to come out. but he would not budge.
The foreman guarded the doorway.
It was then that Barigalupi Lagomar
sino drove bj' in hi3 scavenger wagon full
of old eggs, and while two boys held the
horses' heads the others unloaded the
wagon against the side of the building.
Policeman .limes Rpgan. the channel
detective, and John McSorl<»y. who gained
distinction by walking out of the central
station without his trousers, led the at
tack on the "trikcrs and drove them 8om«
distance away. They then took Billy Pat
terson by the hand and led him to a street
car. The boys followed the minions of
the law and" their charge, but the car
went away too quickly for them. Police
still guard th^ premises, and the boys
say they will make a hard fight for rein
statement and higher wages.
WILLIAM T. PRICE.
PRICE IS SLATED
TO SUCCEED ESOLA
THE Po'.lce Commissioner? have asked
the 'egal opinion of City'and County
Attorney Lane as to ¦whether th^y
have the power to reinstate "William
T. Price as a lieutenant of police. There
is a rumcr current, which has behind it
s:«Tiif.car.t facts that lend it credibility.
that If Lake's advice permits It Price
will be reinstated and put In charge of
the California-street police station. Tho
request for the cpin:oa in itself show3
which way the ¦wind is blowing. L.:eu
tenar.t Esola's promotion to the rank >:t
captain In charge of the property clerk's
office, as announced exclusively In The
C'a'l yesterday, leaves a vacancy in ti.e
list of lieutenants and there is a strong
probability that Price will be given th<*
position.
A year aro Price, then lieutenant in
charge of the Chinatown squad, retired
under Sre. He asserted his innocence of
alleged offenses, but was disrated with-
out being tried, and retired on a pension.
Under the new Police Commission he was
ordered back for duty as sergeant, and
at once aj'plied to' be reinstated as lieu
tenant.
His ease was set for hearing a week
ago, but was postponed till last night,
wh»^n it again went over for a week, to
await the rendering of Lane's opinion.
Several members of the commission are
known to hold the belief that Price was
made the victim of grave injustice, and
that the fact that he was not removed
from the force entirely is the Iwst evi
dence that no proof was found of his
guilt.
L'.eutenant E.=o!a will become a captain
August 1. and with a vacancy existing
among the lieutenants Price's vindication
will probably not be dpferred lonjrer than
the meeting of the commission next Tues
day night. The former lieutenant has a
host of friends who have never doubted
his lnnoncence and who will rejoice to
know of his prospective reinstatement.
The Business Men's Republican Club
which was organized at the California
Hotel last Monday evening will take an
active part in the political cam
paign. The membership of the club was
increased yesterday by additional signa
tures. There will be a meeting of the
executive committee of the new organ
ization shortly after the chairman, Wil
liam H. Wheeler, returns to the city. The
chairman is a man of energy and char
acter who will not allow email obstacles
to hinder tho progress of the work laid
cut lor the committee.
The announcement yesterday that lead
ing business* men of the city had resolved
to energetically outer the contest in be
iialt ot gnou yu\irnmem and eiean poll
ucfl cauteo a si™t commotion m me
tamp ot tne cuiuiu political bosses. Tno
btep tuKen by trie business men was not
taken one nuur ioo soon, as the strikers
tnat loiter around the Mint saloon were
boasting that tne people wouid not turn
out ana vote at the primary flection.
The following of Kelly and Crimmlns
is already falling off. .Last week poli
ticians wno fancied that the people might
f-tay away from the polls on August 14
were trimming to eaten a friendly breezo
from boss headquarters. Yesterday these
salf-same statesmen openly aeclared
themselves against the bosses. If a reso
lute and intelligent campaign is made
Kelly and Crlmmins can oq beaten out In
every Assembly district. The clean Re
publicans of the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth districts are now encour
aged to tight the Mint saloon bosses.
There was talk some time ago of
making no resistance to boss rule in these
districts, but leaders of the anti-boss
movement are strongly in favor of mak
ing an earnest and aggressive battle to
overthrow bossism in its stronghold.
In the Forty-tirst Dibble and his fol
lowers will work with the desperation of
despair to carry the district against the
force of good government and clean poli
tics. Rainey and Lanigan are preparing
to give Dibble all the Democratic sup
port they can rally at the primary elec
tion for his delegates. The Republicans
of the district do not want Dibble to rep
reFent them, but as he is clever at or
ganization and skillful in manipulation he
frequently secures the regular nomination
of Uie party and then seeks to place his
opponents In the light of bolters. The Re
publicans this year have resolved that he
.^hall not have the regular nomination,
and he cannot get it unless the Demo
crats desert their own party In a body
and cast their votes at tne primary elec
tion for Dibble delegates.
The list of statesmen willing to serve In
the Senate of California gradually grows
larger. In the Senatorial district com
posed of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty
ninth Assembly districtn, the Mint saloon
bosses have slated Assemblyman C. K.
Kenneally for the Republican nomination.
Other Republican aspirants are Thomas
J. Horr.n. James Daly and Nelson Burn
ham. In the Democratic camp Joseph
Plunkett is the candidate of the Phelan
faction for Senator. The anti-Phelan
Democrats are supporting Jchn D. Cogh
lan for the Senatorial nomination.
The Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth As
sembly districts comprise another Sena
torial district. Each party has several
candidates. Assemblyman W. H. Cobb,
ex-Senator Maher and C. W. Taber are
spoken of for the Republican nomination.
Stephen A. Byrne and Thomas E. Curran
are Democratic asplrantB. The latter Is
said to be Infected with bubonic Phelan>
' :n.
There Is no scarcity of candidates in
the Senatorial District, which embraces
the Thirty-first and Thirty-ninth Assem
bly districts. The Republicans present
John J. Tyrrell. ex-Assemblyman James
Wilkinson and T. V. Kddy. The Demo
crats come to the front ¦with Thomas J.
Hlckey, ex-Assemblyman Tim Treacy,
Theodore Roach and John Kennedy. .
The Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth
Assembly districts comprise the Sena
torial district which has been misrepre
sented for the past four years by Eddie
Wclfe. He is a candidate fur renomlna
tion. but will be shelved If the good people
of the district will turn out and Join the
effort to down the bosses. Other Repub
lican aspirants are General E. S. Salomon,
Frank Grimes. William H. Rickard and
George \V. Dlxon.
The Democrats of this district are not
suffering for lack of Senatorial timber.
C. A. Sweigert, the Fourth of July orator,
is heralded as the organization candidate.
H. I. Mulcreavy Is In the field with a clean
bill of health.
The North Beach Senatorial District em
brace« the Fnrty-fourth and Forty-fifth
Assembly districts. There the aspirants
for the honor of serving In the Senate are
legion. Republicans are determined to -win
out this year. A few of the Republican
candidates In this district are: R. H.
Jones, Dr. C. A. Glover. Mike Barry. J.
H. Kelson. J. F. Martononi. Thomas
Chandler and 1). F. Crowley. The Demo
crats are considering the claims of M. II.
Hernon and Dr. T. B. W. Leland.
Thirty-Ninth District Democrats.
The Bryan and Stevenson Ciub of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District will meet
to-night in Saratoga Hall. It 1b expected
that a number of prominent Democrats
will address the club.
Rainey and Lanigan May Try to Save
Dibble From Defeat — List of
Senatorial Candidates
Growing.
Organization of Business
Men's Republican Club
Unexpected.
BOSSES ALARMED
AT THE TURN IN
LOCAL AFFAIRS
Bob Ingersoll Takes the 2:40 Trot,
Other Winners of Events Being
Sugden and Bernard.
COLUSA, July 24.— The first races of the
Colusa County Agricultural Association
were held to-day before a large crowd.
The day was perfect. "\V. W. Ash and J.
F. Campbell acted as judges and John
Dlnne was the starter. Summary:
First race — 2 M0 class, purse $1000. one mile,
best three In five.
Boh ingerFOll, b. g.. by Nutwood (Cecil). 5 12 11
McHrtar, b. g.. by McKinney (Dona
than) 1 2 12 4
Dan W, b. (?.. by Hero (Albertson) 7 7 322
fanta Anita Star. Wk. s., by Guy
U'llkes (Mnben) 2 4 5 6 6
Bflle Patchen, ch. m., by Otto Rex
(Leekett) 4 3 4 4 3
Prince L, b. g., by Kstcort (Freeman 3 5 7 0 0
Holador b. it., by Advertiser <Parrott).6 6 6 6 5
Torto Rico. b. g.. toy Sable Wllkes
(Hellman) S 0 0 0 0
Sllvlon. b. m.. by Electricity <Carr)....Dist.
Lady Me, b. m., by Brigadier (Mc-
Donald) IMst.
Time— Z:19Vi. 2:15. 2:17, 2:17.
Second race— Purse JSOO, WOO to winner, one
mile, best three In five.
Bernard, ch. g.. hy Jim Blalne (Whitney). 1 1 1
Teddy the Roan. rn. g., by (Smith). .2 2 3
"Wilhelmtna, b. m., by Charleston (Erken
brecker) 4 4 2
Flti Lee, b. e., by Arthur Wllkes (Hen
shaw) 5 5 0
Third race— Running, six furlongs, heats,
puree $.150.
Sugden, ch. r. by St. Leonard (McNames).l 1 1
Bailie Goodwin, ch. m., by Coloma (Dona
letch) 2 2 0
Ko Ko br. g.. by Jackson (Lynch) 3 2 5
Zurich, , by R. Zoolveln (Roland) 4 40
Homestake, b. m.. by Brown Fox (Quigley).o 6 3
Fourth race— Five frulong dash, purse $150.
I^ady Helolse, b. m.. by Ben All (Donaletch).l
Beaumonde, ch., by De Bouvler (Jewlll) 2
Wins. br. m.. by Dundee (.Smith) 3
Bedwood. b. g., by Ironwood (Nesbltt)... 4
Limber Jim. ch. g., by Snuff Box (Eager) 5
BROKE PACING RECORD.
Fast MTile Made by Coney on the
Glenville Track.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 24.— A world's
record was made to-day at the Glenville
trotting track when the black gelding
Coney, by McKinney. paced the second
heat of a race in 2:02%. This is the fast
est heat of a mile ever paced by a horse
in hobbles. Frank Bogash has held the
record for three years at 2:O4Vi- It was
the second heat of the 2:06 pace. Prince
Alert took the lead at the start and held
it to the half, which was covered in
1:00%. ¦ Then McHenry began to push
Coney, who was four lengths behind the
leader. At the three-quarters, which was
made in ¦ 1:31%. he had caught Prince
Alert, and was going so fast that Mc-
Henry pulled him down and he Jogged
under the wire an easy winner. The
weather was showery, causing the post
ponement of the 2:15 pace and the 2:25
trot. Results:
2:14 trot, purse $1500— Sister Alice won second,
third and fourth heats. rime, 2:10H, I:W4,
2:13. Edwin B wen first heat In 2:12»* and was
second Alice Barns third. Merriment. Fleet
wood, Minuet, Dainty Daffo, Glory. Bertha
Lee. Our Lucky. Pilot Evans. Russellwood,
Teto and Nancy Kinc also ataned.
2:06 pace, rurse 11500. two in thre* — Coney
won »econd and third heats. Time. 2:O2»4, 2:04V4.
Prince Alert won first heat In 2:fMty and wa»
second. Ac» third. William Me. The Maid, In
tllaca Don. Exploit, Billy Andrews and Free
Bond also started. ' .
2:15 paelnsr, $2500, postponed— Sidney Pointer
won first heat in 2:10. Lady Pipes, Annie
Thornton. Henry P, Tom Calhoun and The Ad
mtral also started. "
2:25 class trot, $1200. rtostponed— Lord Derbv
won first heat in 3:13 1 4. Marique, Parallox,
Texana, Bell Girl and Red Clifte also started.
World's Record Beaten.
SALT LAKE, July 24.— At the Salt Pa
ace saucer track to-night Charles and
Clem Turville of Philadelphia clipped a
full second off the world's record for one
mile on a motor tandem. The mile was
made In 1:33 flat. The record heretofore
CHICAGO, July 24.-A sensation was
sprung at Hawthorne to-day by the an
nouncement that the judges of Haw
thorne had received notllicatlon from
the Washington Park officials that they
have ruled J., Hi (Texas) Smith, the wide
ly known horse owner and. plunger, off.
the turf. Their action, it was stated, was
taken on the strength of representations
to the Washington Park stewards by J.
Carroll, owner of Catastrophe.
Carroll, it was reported, had charged
Smith was accepting $100 in consideration
of an agreement on his part not to claim
Catastrophe out of the last Belling race
in which the horse participated at the
Washington Park meeting. Smith de
clares the charges absolutely false, but
his entry in the second race to-day — Vo
hicer — was scratched by the judges.
Considerable trouble Is anticipated In
connection with the ruling, as Smith says
he will not submit to the decision.
Track sloppy. Results:
Four furlonps— Peaches won, Glove second,
Esther Rings third. Time, :51.
Six furlongr— Abe Furst won, Lucille Bram
ble second, Hetsrh Ho third. Time. 1:1S%.
One mile and an elKhth — Bangle won. Our
Nellie second, Henry C third. Time. 2:02VJ,
Five furlongs— Danger Line won, Hurry sec
ond. Sarner third. Time, l:0e*i.
Mile and a sixteenth — Norford won. Limerick
second. KnehurEt third. Time, 1:53%.
One mile— Lady Meddlesome won. Prestar
second. Blue Lick third. Time, 1:<"VS.
NEW YORK. July 24.— At the Brighton
Beach track to-day the only fixture was
the Spinster stake for two year old fillies,
with Sweet Lavender as the favorite. The
Keene filly by Domino, Cap and Bells,
caught Sweet Lavender at the- quarter
and in almost the twinkling of an eye
she opened a gap of a dozen lengths, win
ning in the easiest possible fashion by six
lengths: Results:
One mile— Harry McCoy won, Stamp second,
Pee Us third. Time. 1:41.
Five furlongs— All Green won, Klni? Pepper
second. Beau Gallant third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
Five furlongs — GoM Heels won, Plpeon Post
second. Bounteous third. Tlme^ 1:01 3-5.
The Spinster, six furlongs— Cap and Bells
won, Janice second. Sweet Lavender third.
Time, 1:14 ?-5.
One mile — Specific won. Ceylon second. Jack
Telllns third. Time. 1:42.
One and a Quarter miles, selling— Autumn
won, Peaceful second. Sir Fitzhuyh third.
Time, ?:06 ?-S.
ST. LOUIS, July 24.— Weather, rainy;
track sloppy. Results;
Five and a half furlonga — Tony Lepplng won.
Duke Alexis second, Blumlst third. Time,
l:13Vi.
Six and a half furlongs— Colonel Gay won,
Mandamus recond, Percy R third. Time, 1:25V4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Slddubia won. El Ca
ney second. Jimp third. Time. 1:55H-
Six furior.srs— I^ird Neville won. Theory sec
ond. Dave Waldo third. Time, 1:16H.
One mile— Hottentot won, Sprung second,
RcM third. Time. l:«S*i.
Four and a half furlongs — Rainy Day won.
Julletta U second, The Thrush third. Time,
:58%.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 24.— Results at
"Windsor:
Peven furlongs— The Lady won, Foneda sec
ond, Muskey third. Time, 1:27.
Four and a half furlongs— Jim Naph won.
Matin second. Virginia T third. Time, :57.
Six and a half furlontp — Miss Patroon won.
Melody second, Prince of India third. Time,
1:23>4-
Ml!e and an eighth— Tony Honing won. Top
mast s^ond, Outburst third. Time. 2:01.
Steeplechase, short course — Jark Carey ¦won.
Tolstoi »ecor.d. Trlcotrin third. Time, S:30.
glx and a half furlongs— George H. Ketchum
won, Dousterswlvel second, R. Q. Ban third.
Time, 1:2«U-
OPENING OF THE RACES
OF COLUSA COUNTY FAIR
Action Taken by Washington Park
Stewards on the Representation
of J. Carroll, Owner of
Catastrophe.
Well-Known Turfman and
Plunger Is Ruled
Off.
ENTRIES DF
"TEXAS" SMITH
SCRATCHED
BACKED THEIR DEMAND WITH
A VOLLEY OF ANCIENT EGGS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900.
Cost of Boer War.
9±jl±1S SAN FE ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900.
10
SAX FB.ASTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francli-co
Call, comer of Market end Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O7 Montgomery street.
comer open until S:SO p. m.
r*v> Hayes street; open until 8:80 p. m.
C3D McAllister street; open until I:SO p. Xn.
Cli Larkln street; open until »:80 p. m.
iliwion street; open until 10 p. m-
_-Cl Mission Etreet, comer Sixteenth; open
ur.til S p. m.
3<-fi niev«rith et— »et: open until 9 p. ra.
iffl*S Valencia street: open until 9 p. Tn -
Nort Invent corner Twcnty-weond — nd Ken-
tuck v streets: open until 9 p. m.
MKKT1XG KOT1CES.
i:OUNT~lfoRIAH Lodge No. 44. F and m
A M.-M«-ts THIS (WEDNESDAY) J^
EVEXnCG nt 7_» o'clock. Third de- Jt_K
£- r .- -HCO_FKC T »LICn. Sec. /V'
CROCK rTTT I-*x3ge No. 139. F. and A. i_
M -Third degree THIS EVENING. -A-
July;:, ut T:Sa o'clock. By order of th« Tt_K
\V M.' H. FOKTRIEPE. Sep. /V>
"eXCEU?IOR Lodge No. 1C6, F. and A. «
M -fioedaJ meeting THIS (\VEDNES-^\^
DAY) EVENING. July 25. at 7:30 TT2T
p-clock. -. SMITH. sX
MISSION Lodge No. 1C3. F. and A. M-— •
Cai:e.l meetlnp THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVE VI NO nt 7:30 o'clock. Third de- JtJC
. VIW . GEO. P. FLACK. Sec P. T. /?>
CF.odiETT Lodge No. 129. F. and A. «
M.— Officer* -r^ members are re-
uu.-fted to attend the funeral of cur de- Tt_jT
tVa*«d brother. JACOB 6TUTZ. ob/V'
WEDKE6DAV. the 25th lnst-. at 1:30 p. — _
liv truer the W. M.
II. FORTRIEPB. Sec
IMS— ARGONAUT Council No. 687, Royal Ar-
cs-um wiil n»t at Eastern ILaJl. 32 O'F&r-
reli st.. THIS DAY. at 12:30 p. m.. to pro-
cee.1 to pay the final duty to our deceased
brother. SKO. A. JACKfiON, whose funeral
lak<* i lace from 2T0 iv>et st. at 1 p. m. By
<rrW of r-yent. GEO. W. PIXON. Sec.
JI»:HKI- <^rk Henevolent Society — A meeting of
the picr.'.r cotnmlttM will he held at K. R. B.
Hail THURSDAY EVENING. July 86. at 8
o'clock, to rr.ake arrangf-mects for the four-
teenth ar.n'-s! picnic, which will take plax>e
at Kholl Mound Fark. Sunday, Aur-uH B.
I^ompt attendance requested.
\V. J. O'BRIEN. Chairman.
- DANIEL HOLLAKD. Secretary.
ANNTAI- zr.e^tiT\p— The re g-Jlar annual — leet-
ingr of the stockholders i of the HakaJau Plan-
tation Company will be he'.d at the offlce of
rh» ootnpanr. 227 Market st.. Bin Franclico,
Osl.. on WEDNESDAY, the let day of Au-
rrue:. 3*iO. at the boar of 11 o'clock forenoon,
fnr ti.* purries* of elf-ting a l>oard of Ji-
n v-tors to f>-n .-e for the t-nsuine year and
the transaction of such other business as
limy rnme l<efr>re the meeting.
E. H. PHELDON. Secretary.
ANNl'AL MCETI-VCT
The Bisdon Iron and Locomotive Works— The
ri'.r.ur.l m<i-iiriff of th<» stockholders of the Rii-
<icn Iron and Locomotive \V<irk», for the elec-
tion of tru*t<!« for the enduing year and the
•mr.r-arti<;n of such other business as may be
broBgtot before th<> meeting, will b* held at th«
cfllo*- of the oompany. southeast cornor of I>al«
«ind Hcw_rd *!.s.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
tJie Cth dav of Auiru^t. !H<). AX 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AGENTS \VA~TED.
AOKN'TS or af,.:',ty and *>xf>*rienc- in lire Insur-
ance. Call fit room 101. 1*7 Market, cor. .Sixth.
ATTOitMilS AT LAW.
R. W. KIN"G. attorney et law. B27 Market et..
room tL'T; estates, damage*, attachments,
K-.r.krurtcy, collection*; all case*; fair fee*;
no tiivuniv- chErgt-s: money loaned on estatet.
Xr\T"E frv<>: divorce law a ppecialty; private;
no f W without ruccoss; collection*. G. W.
HOWE, t»tty at ".avr, s:D Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE a<!vi<-t: divorce laws, damages, estates.
coUectiOfM. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
AT> VICE fre*; no charsr«* unless successful. W.
V.\ DAVIDBOX. M7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
I.. P. CLARK* Emma Bprackela blip.. 927 Mar-
ket »=i . : ronfultotlon fref : no f>»s in advar.c*.
PATOj CAPi>ETS.
EOSnVSOS tS, 4-panel trtiing: door opens: firm
_:i<J «aff. W. g. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 E:il».
A I TO MO BILKS.
Al'TOMORILES — FRED WARD & SON.
.*. —tits. <t- Fremont ft.
XIULULA.* UAIIES.
A SmiBEB el fine <io«»s at low prices; bred to
rur nm«t bucks: LOUD EDINBORO (imp.).
;p» ?:?•: 1WKE OK CLAJiENCE (Imp.l. if*
Hd frorn Lord Ecinboro ar.d our Imported
doe*. Kith t:rar.d color and perfect feet all
round: :ull lire of rabbit supplies; free
''ti^Nr^FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO.,
SAM. C HAMMOND, Mfrr .
Offlce— Pjip^ckeis Market.
R_tibltry— VIZ fihotwell s=t-
_ELGIAN HARES'.!
Ail the popular strains at gr'-ally reduced
;.r:ces. CALIFORNIA I5ELGIAN HARE AS-
¦> \ IATION. Alameda. C— 1.
ROSKMONT Rcbb'.try. Fourteenth rt.. above
fiuerrerc — Does bred and with litters; higrh-
prade y.-unsftws; reasonable.
LOUD FAPHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb, first
rr'-ze in Eusriand. nt 21* Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION liELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEAPQ. CARTERS; tales dally. 10(r."» Sutter.
COLJrEN r <yATlf BELGIAN HARE CO., 609 Gol-
<jpn Gate av.. S. F.. 5U> rabbits for sale cheap.
i;tMM» CUAXCUS.
,_— |ie<»-CORXER grocery and bar on Larkln
ft. renr inoiurtine 5 rooms, J44; horse and
•vra'eon; ; yp_rs' lease; dally receipts about
J3'f oTrw'tn leave for the country: * first-
class and rare chance. Call K. G. WILKE,
Vffk K-arny st.^
TO buy or sell any kind of business, to Invest
in ranches., orchard or oil lands. Call on R.
O. WILKE. I" 1 * K^arny et.
X_j-<«.; iiELlCACY and dairy produce. In Alfl.-
m.-«ia- r^nt i): daily receipt* J12; business «?«-
?abl. S> yeaiB. Cail H. G. WILKE. 26^ X<Mrr,y.
A— ?17j'>; COIIN1IR —rocery and bar on Mission
!-t.; place has b<"*n kept by present owner
for 1& years and clrarlne above IIT.0 per
mouth; Ptock »t-.<1 fixtures worth th& .-noney.
Cail 11. Q. 'WILKE, 26-* Kenrny «t.
<ceo-nnPTAt*RAXT and chophouse on.
•water front: r«-nt $15; bargain. R. G.
V, ILKE. 2~ A Kearr.y Et.
A— $«.'&: BAXEBT establ. many years la lively
ccur.try town; place doin* a 6Plen31d busi-
ness; rent $20: plckness of proprietor only
rau«s«" of >sal«"- "u:i<*st investigation solicited.
Ca>'. R- G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny st.
A-fSSt— PARTNER ~ anted In old establ. cor.
KTGcery and lar on Third »t. ; dally receipts
IB; retiririi prirtr.^r had to leave for north;
r»nt $:2; l?a*e; rare chance. See R. O.
WILKE. :c^ Kearny Et.
A — tV'<0: COKSEK rr ocery and bar: established
-•-art and known a*» a money making place;
f>cst location: close to Chronicle building. See
K. G. WILKE. 26'* Kearny Bt.
A — tliO— BItANOI bakery, stationery, notions;
on VaVTT-la f-t.; llvlr.g rooms; cheap rent:
pood huf'.nifs; a. bargain. Call R. G .WILKE.
y •¦» Kearny et.
Sl&nft— MILK route; 2S cans dally; going East
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^
Market «t^
(S~ — DCTCHEB-eHOP: proeperouK country
town; •—Iljr receipts tla. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 7V7>* Market Ft.
Jiooo— BAKERY: propperoui country town;
trade 2M> bam-ls dally. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777>6 Market rt.
flZfl CASH, balance time; restaurant, well situ-
ated for t~ o young men or man and wife to
conduct; consiFttng of Cne furniture, cash
rppister. for a fact, all In fine condition; must
b" sold in two days; owner has two slaces.
STENI3ERG & CO.. 0C5 Market et.
A— l?J>; RESTAURANT and oyster house; open
day and n'jjht: completely equipped; flna
V_Eines»> location: excellent trade; full value
In eight; rent %2Z; great B«orlflce for quick
tele. M. A. BROOKS. 17 Oolden Gate ave.
WELL-KNOWN ¦wholesc.le and retail candy
business: *>rtab. 22 yearn : making large profits;
opportunity Bi\'en to purchaser ta Investigate
Full parti culr.rs LANE & CO., 86S Market et.
1100 31.' YB b»>*t located saloon In the city; must
be sold Immediately. McBRIDE A CO.. 530
Howard Et.
llTft— CIGAIt ftore: Market Bt. ; cheap rent; good
trade. Pacific Exchanpe, 1016 Market «t.
WELL-EFTABLISHnD saloon; must be sold
within ten <laj - r; bargain; reason, other press-
ing interests'. Information. Sunset. K5 Mont-
Fomcry J^-. rooms) 3 and 4.
YOl'R life's bent chance — Well equipped hand
laundry fcr sale: very cheap for cash. Ad-
flresrs: Box IS4G. Call Office.
FOR SALE— »?'•<•'— Rakery on fire t-clara busi-
r.ecs street: baking 2 barrels; good reason for
fOing. Box 3412. CalL
FOR SALE— s;:o-Flne restaurant; good loca-
tioa; rheap rent; good opportunity. Box
SCI. CaM. ».. -.'-
FCU SALE— Newly patented freezer: makes
lcwwam in 1 minute. S. SWEENEY. 149
Th'.rd Ft.
SPLENDID opening for a live grocery man In
prominent market. Address Dor 2947, Call.
SALOON for sale: oppos-ite ferry- Apply 111
East ft., north of Market: no agents.
A GOOD paying fruit store, wlta horse and
varon; J»0. 120 Elshth «_
nrsiXESs chances — continued.
FOR BALE— Steam laundry doing a business
from $125 to $150 per week; well fitted up and
the only eteam laundry within 30 miles: in a
prosperous town in the Sacramento Vallay,
¦with a population from 6000 to 7000; reason for
sale going to Europe; terms $1400 cash; must
wll Inside of J months. Address Box S430,
Call Office.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business restaur-
ant; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-houre, 34 rooms newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Iiakers-
fleld, Cal.
EASY money to be made by furnishing names
and addresses of persons suffering from con-
sumption, cancer. Brlghts disease, catarrh,
blood and nervous diseases. Address Box 1-S,
CalL
WANTED— To purchase a drug business; es-
tablished and doing paying business. Ad-
dress, with full particulars, box 2799, Call cf-
flce, Oakland.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
eta!l»: r«nt only $1S; water free. Inquire W J.
HENDR1CKPON & CO.. 614 Call building.
$tf0— ON account of retiring; a paying business;
established over 20 years; stock and fixtures
Jncluded: suitable man and wife: living rms.
Particulars, apply at creamery. 231S Fillmore.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey, CaL
O'FARRELL, 404— An ol* established shoeshop
for sale; a rare chance; call at once.
CfiFFEE and tea routes Fupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 g.icramento St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
LODGIXG-HODCES KOIl BALE.
HOUSES from 10 to 1*0 rooms; good locations?
honest value and perfect title guaranteed to
buyers: money loaned. RCHWEINHARD &
CO.. P17 Market St., opposite Mason. 'Phone,
Mint 1911.
$1200— SNAP; 36 rooms; ell rented: fine location!
near Market. HASILE, 3 Eddy Ft.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
Urt. of all kinds of p'.ioto buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. P33 Market ft.. P. F.
CAIU'ET I1KAT1NO AND CLEANING;!
WHEN you become disgusted with po<"" work
send to SPAiri-rilNC'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 2^3-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning ar.d Dyeing Co.,
842-S44 McAllister St.: 'phone South 146.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Reatlng and Reno-
vating Co., 24<1 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Sfnni Carpet-Beating Works, O. H.
6TKVENS. mgr.. "S-4Q Sth Bt.; tel. South 250.
J McQt'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
VA Stevenson St.; tel. South 218; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned 6t 3o per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jeasie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Putter st;
tel. Main ZH. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oat* ave. : telephone. E«j=t 126.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
ALL kinds of waeons, bugsrles, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAX & SON. 2117 Mlselon st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping —agon, for sale cheap. Hi Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, -work Jt driving horypB. l.'>th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. t>:7 Market ft.
~~ Sl'IRITl ALIS.M.
MEETING to-night, convincing tost. 8 o'clock;
readings daily. MRS. MAXWELL, 1233 How-
ard Et
SPIRITI'AL medium. Mrs. Harrison, Sj8 Mis-
sion; roa-iings daily: 25c. f,0e and $1: clrcla
Tues.. Thurs.. Fat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 1IS1 Market Et.,
near Twelfth.
! MRS ETIQfE. 1204 Fillmore et. : circle this
j evening and Friday. 10c; readings. 60c.
MME. MARQL'IPE. 5 Hyde st., r.r. McAllister;
circle to-night. 10c: Ekeptlce invited; fit, dally.
MRS KOTTKR. S4 Sixth Bt.. circle to-day. 2
& S p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G. SI; L. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 533 McAllister— Mrs. C." J.
Meyer; elt. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
tVVLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. i30
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays included.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: p'ttintr $1. 1104 Market.
CI—VIRVOYASTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & 9econd BlKht.
die— io«es disease with life rending: ledies £0c;
—?nts Jl; palm & clalr. elt. Jl 50. 128 Turk st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice; fee
25c up. S22 Mission st.. near 4th; ring bell.
MME. SCHAFTER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212Vfc Sixth Pt.
MME. LEKEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 jtmr Gold wreck. 210 Mason st.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921'a Mission. op.Mlnt.
1IME. HANFON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future, lie. 14S Sixth Et., room 14. »
j MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great paim-
I 1st & card reader: 2lc. 5 Seventh st. ; no sign.
I MME. AuRU?t. clairvoyant card reader; palmls-
i try;' truth or no pay; 2."c & . r .i>3. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2jc up. 6 Fourth st.
'¦ MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
¦ band's picture; 25c: ladiew. 914 O'Farrell gt.
i ~=
DE7ITISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
k»t Et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our rpeclaity; gold crowns,
J3 SO up; plates, extraction* free. SI ",0 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret. painles=s method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell *t
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
! —No charge for extracting when plates are
: made; old" plates made over like new; teeth
I from $« per set: extracting. 50c; pas given.
! PLATES from J3: crowns. $S 50; fillings. 50c.
! Chlcazo Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth Et.
I PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
j Full set of teeth. %i\ crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
j VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
! days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
: YOUNG. 1841 Polk »t.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and nWlclne 75c: city vi-.Its $1 50; all
animal/* treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 639.
DR. CREELY'R CP-mange cure nnd worm pills
by druggists or nt hospital.' 510 Oilden Oateav.
IJKESSMAKKHS AND SISAMSTKKSSISS
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
E. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 2S7 Geary St.. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt. ; life
scholarship, $."*; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy ; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offlces and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining, mech. sur-
vey, asray. cyanide, arch.; doy, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
AMATEUR carvers will get designs and art
cabinet work prepared. 801 Ellis st.
6-WEEKS" course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deary, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission, ,nr. €th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24. Poet St..
6. F.; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE 'Art and Craft School; modeling,
dcflg-tng, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— J • APANE8E anT~Chlnese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st. near Powell; telephone Bush 13a.
UNION Japanese-Chlneee emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 436 Powell, nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese EmDloyment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A-FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
M1S3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— NEAT young girl desires situation as second
girl: references. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter.
LADIES' tailor and expert dressmaker' desires
work by the day in families; fitting war-
ranted; reasonable. 705 Ellis st.
COLORED woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. 909 Jack60n
st., near Powell. .
AN American woman wishes work by day,
washing. Ironing or housecleaning. Box ISO,
Call office.
A WOMAN wishes a situation to do housework
by the day, week or month. Please call at 8
Angelica st, off 19th. bet. Guerrero and \al.
A RESPECTABLE womnn would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper or to do light house-
work. Address 912 Howard st.
JAPANESE girl desires a situation to do
housework and plain cooking. 423 Stevenson.
COMPETENT woman wishes washing, ironing
and housecleaning. Call 615 Birch ave.
GIRL wants position to do general housework
and cooking; $20. 533 Linden ave.
DRESSMAKER would like a few engagements;
$1 50 per day. 6S4 McAllister st.
A NEAT, good woman wiehes a place to assist
in housework or upstairs work. Call 393 Blxth.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a po-
Eltlon to do light housework with a email
Christian family or would go as working
housekeeper! references i no postals. Call at
1330 Grove st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place in American fam-
ily as second girl j speaks German and Dan-
ish, but no English. Address 930 Yerk st.,
city. ...
SITUATION wanted to do general houseworki
no postals. Apply 1407 Bcott st.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for up-
stairs work. 1322 Broadway; no postals.
WOMAN wishes sewlne and repairing to do
at home, 116 Sixth gt.. room 6.
WINCHESTER Houee. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 2Ec to $1 50 night; $1 oO to *6
week; convenient nnd respectable; free bus
pnd basgape to and from ferry. ,
I CLASSIFIED advertisements' nnd subscriptions
j nyelved at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1W6 Va-
lencia Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WAJfTBJD MALE.
A FinPT-CLASS German hotel steward, also
firHt-clnss Alsatian chef, both with best of
references, want {situations. Address C. It.
HANtiEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GOOD all-round engineer wishes steady situa-
tion; understands ice-making and refrigerat-
lng machinery. Box 2944. Call.
GRADUATE dentlet wishes position: city or
country: 10 years' experience. Address box
8138, Call office. ¦•
GARDENER wishes situation; private place*,
can milk; do chores; references. Box 2348. CalL
YOUNG man. 26. would like a position as Jani-
tor, porter or anything; sober. Box 3435, Call.
SITUATION wanted as foreman, time-keeper
or watchman; references; bonds. Box 196,
Cell Ofnce.
STEADY sober youne man, a*e 24. wishes po-
pltlcn In machine-shop as blacksmith's helper;
l« handy with tool*. Box 200. Call.
A SOBER, Industrious middle-aged man wants
nituatlon as man about place for general
ehoro work, gardener and carpenter; best of
references. Box 2942. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H (near Seventh): examination
free: German eye water by mall, COc; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
j BYES examined free; spectacles property ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
I 100 flats, houses— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt.
' 903 Buchanan f.5r.$U i 783 Haight ...f.6r.$:'S
417 Jones f.6r.«3 346 Waller ...f.Sr.Jl'O
72 Webster ..f.8r.t:'" I 3878 18th f.Er.flS
1511 Clay f.4r.*24 I 3343 20th f.5r.$15
Sico California, grocery store & flat above, $t>0.
A— 2 UPPER eunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each: $25 and $28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A— 8- ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts: 1st floor. 417% Third.
ELEGANT Funny top fiat. 4 rooms, gas. 60
Ivy ave., near Mechanics' Pavilion.
I FIFTEENTH. 1&76, nr. Dolores-Sunny baywln-
dow flat; 7 rooms, bath; house 5 rooms, stable.
HARRISON. 410 — Sunny upper flat of 6 rooms;
fine marine view.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
PINE, I319H. near Flllmore — Sunny modern up-
per flat; 5 rooms; bath.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 rooms, bath.
2319Vfe Pine et., near Flllmore,
TURK. 520B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base-
ment, rent $12: no children.
$1<>— FIVE sunny rooms',^ lower flat: large yard;
garden. 9 Deleado place, east side Hyde St.,
bet. Union and Green. In perfect repair.
$22 E0— MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath: newly
grained: first -claFS. 112S Howard, nr. Seventh.
FLATS TO LET KURNISHEU.
GROVE, 818. near Fillmore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & niTRKE.
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED — Small flat or cottage; furnished or
unfurnished. Box 3433, Call.
Fim.NITUIlE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KURMTtUE WASTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Bllversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T Terry A; Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
~ HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cT^TlANSEN X^b~.7??r7!Tpliwie^Granri85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Skaggs Springs, $20; waltres*,
I Byron springs; waitress, Saratoga Sprlngp;
2 waitresses, Capltola, $20; 2 waitresses, Sao-
ramento, $25; 2 waitresses, Stockton, $20;
waitresses, St. Helena, Vallejo, Newman,
Dunsmuir. San Luis Oblspo, city, $20 and $25;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 6 restaurant
waitresses, no Sunday work. $7 week; 2 lunch
waitresses, $3 60, no Sunday work; pastry
cook. $35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 second girls, $20, city and across the bay;
working housekeeper, no objection to child,
see party here at 10 o'clock: cook and sec-
ond, $50, for Oakland: ranch cook, $25 and
fare; cook, San Mateo, $30, see party here,
$23; house girls, city and country. C. It
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et. . ,:
FEMALE massaiir for Institution, country, $30
to $40 and found; see party here at 10 a. m.
C. It HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
AN experienced" nurse girl with references to
co to the springs with a family, $10; no fee.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Protestant laundress for family,
$30; 4 cooks, family work, -city and country,
$30 and $35; German nurses, $20; French nurs-
ery governess. X25: 8 waitresses for city, also
resorts, $20 and $25: 4 Protestant and neat
Irish second girls. $20 and $25: woman to clean
paint, etc., for sanitarium/ $20: we also want
at least CO girls for housework for city and
families living in nearby towns. $20 and $25;
lots of other kinds of situations to fill also
Apply to J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 316 Sut-
ter st. - ¦
WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work-
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. The
U. S. Fruit Pncklng Co.. Harrison st.. oft
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
EXPERIENCED girl for bookblndery to fold,
sew, stitch, etc.; give experience, ability, ref-
erences, salary- Address W. II., box 2949
Call offlce.
WANTED — Girls for wrapping chewing gum.
Apply between 10 and 11 AMERICAN CHI-
CLE CO.. 27 Main st
HELP WAZ.TKiP— FEMALE.
A— HOTEL cook; MuV Valley; $35? MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter et __~
GERMAN nurse, city. $25; German second girl.
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— TWO chambermaids and waitresses, Boulder
Creek, $20 each; 2 waitresses, Hanford, $25
each; 6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; waltretis,
St. Helena. $20. MISS CULLKN, 325 Sutter St.
A GERMAN waitress; private family; $25^
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
A FRENCH maid, $25; one speaking no Eng-
lish preferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GOOD girl; general housework; wages, $20. Ap-
ply 128 Chattanooga st, between Twenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third.
NEAT Protestant girl for general housework;
email family; wages, $20. Apply 2210 Baker
st. this (Wednesday) afternoon.
GIRL for general housework for small family;
wages, $20. Apply forenoon at 1303 GouRh et.
GERMAN nurse girl for grown children to
assist with light housework. Apply 1212 Ma-
sonic- avenue, near Halght.
WANTED— A neat and steady girl for general
housework, cooking and small ~ aenlng;
wages $25. 1009 Dolores st, near Twenty-third.
SWEDIPH or German girl for housekeeper for
old lady In San Jose. Call to-day at S54S
Twenty-third Bt for particulars.
GIRL to assist light housework and children;
no washing; wages $15. 1319 Devisadero »t.
GIRL to make beds; wait on table; $15. Call
before 10 a, m. Observatory, Telegraph Hill.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework: wages, $20. 1434 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; fam-
ily of five. 1303 Octavla at
YOUNG Protestant girl; assist general house-
work; small family. 511 Cole St., opp. Chutes.
WANTED— Good German girl for general house-
wprk; small family; plain cooking. 1620 Geary.
"ANTED- Girl dressmakers. MME. CECILIE.
SS? Eddy at.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework. 791 Mc-
Allister st. near Octavla.
YOUNG girl for light housework, plain cook-
ing; 3 in family; wages $12^ 532 Lyon St.
YOUNG girl for light work; good home; wages
$S. Call 1S4 Clinton- Park.
WAITRESS; must be neat and active. John-
son's Restaurant, 2S Montgomery at.
WANTED— First-ciops dining-room glrli $6
week; restaurant. 206 McAllister Bt
A OIRL wanted for general housework; wages,
$13: Inquire 1822 Post St. ' ¦
WANTED-An experienced girl for candy store.
223 Sixth st. >
WANTED— Young woman for llpht housework;
a.«RlBt with children; {12. 1SS0 Mission st.
WANTED— Girl to asslft In general housework;
wages $12. 1911 Bush 6t.
WANTED— You n* girl to assist In light houce-
vork; good home; no children. 2 Lexington av.
APPRENTICES en overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
BTKAUSS & CO.'B factory, 32*4 Fremont st;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVI3.
WANTED— Experienced canners: also women
and girls to work on fruit; highest wages
raid at CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Tenth and Bryant streets.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit Rt California Fruit Canners' Aasocla-
tlon. Cutting's branch, Seventh and Barry.
YOUNG girl for light housework! no washing!
sleep home; German preferred. 24 Eleventh
st, near Mission.
A WOMAN as *al»swoman in bakery! experi-
enced lady preferred. 2232 Mission Bt., Whee-
land'a bakery.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
lit good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO.. room 40. Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dresB C. II . box 1824, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and wool
waists: steady work. S.F. Mfg. Co.. 4O3A Turk.
GIRL net under 16 to assist In housework; sleep
home preferred. 616 Halght et.
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
$?S; references. 2114 Waehlngton St.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10, 1630 Buchannan at. •
A FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also
apprentice. 481 Jessie st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do housework. 616
Hayes st ''- : '\ ¦¦!'**
WANTED — Girl, general housework, cooking;
email family; $15. 1216H Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults and 1
child In family; wages $20. 19M Broadway.
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait at
table once a. day; small hotel. 299 Hyde st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. between 13th and Hth.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists: $10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co.. 226 Bush Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 lalwrers, S. P. Co.'s own work — $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakorsneld ?2 a day
2<iO teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee, $1 Free fare.
20 laborers, sawmill woods,, Mendoclno Co., $26
and board, fare advanced; blacksmiths, $2
and $3 a day; wagonmaker, $2 a day and
found; woodworker, $2 50 a day; vegetable
gardener, $26 and board; farmers, milkers,
choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper, country hotel, $40 to $50 and
found, eee boss here; fry cook, $60; German
cook, country hotel, $50; 2 restaurant cooks,
$35 to $40; marker and distributer, $45 and
found: 3 hotel walterd, $25 and $30: camp
waiter, $25; dishwashers, kltchenhands and
others.
C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— A GAUDARD, th« chef, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
FRENCH chef and second: $180. C. R. HAN-
SBN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
icANDINAVIAN man about place. $30; laun-
dryman for Institution, $40 and found; Swirg
milker, $30; farmer for Napa County, $25; 5
blacksmiths, |2 50 to $4 day; plane— nan. $3;
etickerman, $3 day; drag sawyer, $35; brlck-
molder, $3 day; brlcksetter, $2 60 day; oit-
'bearers and laborers for brick yard, $30 and
board; laborers for mill and woods; woods-
men, railroad laborers; fare paid; and others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento St.
COOK, country boarding-house, $50; third cook,
country hotel, ISO; night cook. $10 week; hotel
waiters. $25, $30 and $35; pantry man. $15;
dishwashers, potwashers and others. J. I F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento St.
MAN and wife for housework, private family,
$50; man and wife for poultry ranch. 160;
man about place and wife to cook for men,
$r,0; man and wife for resort, $45; see employ-
ers In city for the above places. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st
WANTED— 2 waiters for mining board-
ing house, $30 each and fare advanced: wait-
er and wife for mine, $60 and fare advanced:
2 machine miners, $3 day; 2 slnglehand
miners, $2 E0 day; 4 laborers around mine, $2
day; 2 laborers on rock crusher, $25 and
board: 4 men to build flume, $40 and board:
2 milkers, steady places. $30; setters and
molders. brickyard, $3 day; laborers, brlok-
yard. $2 day: 10 woodchoppers for mining
company, yellow pine, $1 50, and ball pine. $2
a cord; choreman, $20; orchard hand. $20;
camp dishwasher, $20; man to care for race
horses. $20; stone mason for country, $2 W to
$3 a day and board.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A MAN to buy out a seltzer route; good paying
business. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st. .
A DISHWASHER, country hotel, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
EARNEST young man willing to give a few
houis a week of his time In exchange for a
complete business education. CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 305 Larkln St.
A GOOD, live man to solicit and collect Call
from 8 to 10 a. m.. 405 Montgomery st. room
6. W. A. BEEBE.
WANTED— Boys to work at factory; about 13
years old. Apply 223 Perry st.
WANTED— A first-class presser. 956 MIs-
slon st. i
BAKER'S helpers. Apply 515 Third et.
WANTED— Experienced advertising canvass-
ers; good paying proposition. Wasp. -513 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman. ROSENBLUM &
ABRAHAM. 1103 Market St.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 430 Bansome St.
BARBER wanted. 21 East st. •"'.>.'
WANTED — Assistant hotel clerk; for the city. .
Address box 3434. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook for bakery and coffee-
house. 612 Kearny st
HELP WANTED MALE!.
A— MURRAT"^ft~R^AD^r?TPHONE MAIN 684!
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
74e9 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Nevada, Brit-
icb Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) Ditt.
Los Angeles Dlst Truckea Dist.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shasta Dlst.
Bait Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dlst.
Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dist
Dunsmulr Dlst Bakersfleld Dist.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dlst.
San Luis Diet Surf Dlst.
Special to Shasta County Dist
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
and other places: we ship free..., free
COME ONE— COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, splkers, section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc., wages $3, $2 50, $2 25,
$2, tl 75 day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 800 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because 11
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come se«
free free
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build large flume
20 laborers to handle hammer, etc. ...$30 to MO
and found
153 miners, gold, silver and other mines, $90,
$75, $60 and found -
15 muckers S <X
crowd going to mines; 5 men to work in
warehouse $40 and found
264 laborers to work at different mines, $50,
$4S, $40 and found, no experience required,
you'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine JSO
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35.
$30, }25 and found; 32 choremen and boys....
53 harvest n»,nds....$3 50. $2 a day and fouud
47 milkers and butter-makers
125. $40, $30 and found
197 men to work In sawmills, woods, eto., we
pay your fares, $95, $90, $8), $75, $G0, $56, $50,
$45. $40. $35, $30. $26 and found: shingle saw-
yer; drag sawyer...
138 tiemakers, woodeboppers, tools and food
found, 2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to 10c- each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boss here', gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here; eheep
herders; men for hay presses
87 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., f 15, $40, $55, {30 and found
SSU laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $2 50. $2 26, $t, $1 75 a day; many
for city positions and board home.
MURRAY & REAP!'. 634-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL help 2 Bridge Builders
Wagon-maker, city, $52 and found
23 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workern,
helpers, etc., $2, $2 SO a day to $60 and found;
coremaker* and other mechanics; wagon-
maker, *3 day; wheelwright.
MURRAY & READY, 634-606 Clay tt.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef and second cook, country hotel. JS5 and
found; 25 cooks, «"|ty and country places, $30,
$35, $40 to $60 and found; first and second head
bakers and helpers, $60, $40, $35 and $30 and
found: ehop and slaughter-house butchers,
etc., $C0, $40, $30 and found; laundry help and
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AGAIN We Pay Tour~Fan? is65 Men
for the Bawmllls and woods, no experience re-
quired. t'M to $40 and. found fare paid
MURRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay ft.
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A... FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$3 25 day •••••
4 iteel bridge men, $3 25 tn $3 60 day; 24 la-
borers to truck, etc., city Job. $40 and found.
MURRAT & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A SPECIAL
Choreman and wife for institution. ..$40 and ffi
10 new mines want 65 miners. $80, $75 per
month and found: 183 laborers, tCO, $48 and
found; planer man, $50 and found; 20 labor-
ers for Oakland, $2 25 day; bench hand, plan-
ins mill *90
£5 two-horse teamsters for a sawmill $6'J
Help for Institutions— Porters. for good
places ; second cooks, springs, $45 and found;
25 waiters, $30, $35 and found: blacksmiths
helper, carriage woodworkers; boys for fac-
tory, $4 to $C week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE SHIPMENT T(5 BALT LAKE.
UTAH.... 12 laborers, eto.... WE SHIP FREF..
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rina Corps, U. H. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character; between the ages
of 21 and 25 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height ;
must be cltlifins of the United States, or ptr-
eons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis ft., flan Francisco, Cal., 530 K at,
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1018 J Bt., Fresno. Cal.
WANTED—
Laboring men, $1 85 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men, $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Keawlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
BARBER ehop; 15c; downtown In neighborhood
of City Hall; cheap this week; this Is splen-
did chance for good grafter. 630 Market nt
CATHOLIC man for grocery; good wages; ex-
perience and references. Box 3429. Call office.
WANTED— Woodworker and blacksmith on
wagon work. 637 Brannan st. •
WANTED— First-class painter. Waller and
Ashbury sts. , i
BARBER wanted; young man. 5?1 Geary st
NIOHT cook wanted; must wash dishes. E17
Montgomery st.
GOOD barber wanted: steady. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED — A good piano-player; good wages.
722 Howard St.. from 11 to 12 a. m.
GOOD. *trong boy wanted for awning work.
1139 Mission st.
WANTED — A waiter. 613 Clay rt
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. EC2 Mission Bt., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A young grocery clerk. Apply 1712
ECdy st.
SALESMAN for butcher trade; good chance
for right man. Box 193. Call.
BARBER fhop for sale. 1026 Hyde st
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale. 1 Spear St.,
near Market. -
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla. Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to tlje superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery »t., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: from 6
to 8 weeks' constant practice; commission
while learning; transportations paid; special
Inducements until August 1. Address GOR-
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE. 417 North Main
St., Ix>s Angeles.
WANTED— A good molder on Jobbing work;
union man; married preferred; to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tle, Wash.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolklt, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 517 Third et. : 150 large
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to $2 Der ¦week.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at D27 14th st, near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
60c. 662 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber Collejre, 7UA Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary' seamen and green hands;
all parts of world., HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
s years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSE?. LIVE STUCK. Eto For tale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth Rt; auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL, Vet. Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables, 1S50 Market st.
HORSES— Young, well broken; for all purposes;
cheap: best in city. 721 Howard gt.. nr. Third.
HORSES WANTED.
GOOD team of draft horses: will expect to try
before purchase. Address Box 2345, Call.
liUtJ&K* TO L.KT.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FINE two-story house, 6 rooms and bath; mod-
-ejn Improvements. 220 Ash ave., between Van
Kess ave. and Franklin st. : rent $22 50.'
NEAT house of 8 rooms; In good order; yard.
1205 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES WANTED.''
WAN-TED — Furnished house of 10 or 12 rooms
for six months or longer; must be modern;
north of Pine and east of Devlsadero sts. Ad-
dress M. R.. box 183. Call office.
LOST AND FOCXD.
$25 REWARD-Lost Tuesday night July ". at
Columbia Theater, a pair of opera glasses ajid
bag: marked "Mrs. A. Heynemann ; set w»Oi
gold watch on tcp. Return to 2508 Flllmore.
no questions asked.
8 BANK books; Union Trust Co. German
Savings and Loan Society and S. F. Bavin gs
Union The finder will please communicate
wfth or leave them at Wehle's cigar store.
432 CalfforrTla St.. bet. Montgy. and Sansome.
LOST-Pocketbook containing State marine pa-
pers; of no value to any person but the o*n-
er. Please return to Ready's Hotel, Kentucky
St.. near Twenty-second.
LOST-Small green parrot with little ¦ «<1 1 on
head. Liberal reward for return to 623 Hajes
St.. near Laguna. '
LOST— Between Fourth and Sixth sts., on
Market, key-wind Elgin watch. Return to
1340 Market st and receive rew_rd :
LOST-Reward $33: In an '^elop«. $7^ between
Green and California sts. 12.3 Lnton st-.
without question. •
LOST-Horse and wagon. Jackson-st *£a£''
white horse; yellow l*"'"!*!^,.^
ward. 361 Eleventh »t. R. LAN CHI ER.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington st..i bun-
day morning about 10 ° c^k wU1 J?i?i7l. n!
B-carat diamond ring to m« Ji" I P.^ l^ el J H n I o
questions will be a«ked. DR. TONO PO »-Hl.
PASSBOOK Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, with name THOMAS llV *\. aII
CATHERINE DUNNE. No. 201-257. ilnder
¦will i>leas» return to bank.
—_ . —————————————
SIEDICAL.
DR and^MRsTDAA-ES. 122S Market st — Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 22 ye*rs
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; & positive cure guaranteed at of-
flc; ladles treated can return home the *am«
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cum; any cne can use it_ byd»-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and rellabl*
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at or-
flce, $5, positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful meu cal
attention; consultation free and confidential;
hours 9 to 8 and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. O. W CDONNBLL. the world-renowned
ladies 1 specialist; safa and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francl?co for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others rail call on him. 1C23^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN*. well-kno-n ladles' epeclallsta,
have returned from Europe;' safe and reliable:
cure *.V. have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years" practice in S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market St., near Blxth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office t">; any ailment; consultation free; oon-
fidentlal. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. NO TOT KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eaoes of all kinds cured t herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny : advice free
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles* special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8. ¦
DR. WISE^ — The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 1118 Market rt.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor treats all dis-
eases of the human body. Va Mason st.
UISCKLLANKUUS KOK SALE.
BOILERS, enpnes, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont Bt
BARS, back ba— i. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures: new and eecond-hand; we always
have a large stock of ealoon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
¦we can ehip everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 10»3 Mission St., abov»
fMxth; writ* for catalogue.
MUST sell; 20 does; pedigree stock; younff-
- sters thrown In; also priza winning New-
foundland pups; on account of leaving city
Sunday evening, 2&th. 143 Tehama st, oft Zd.
A— BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Bln«s. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 216 Spear St.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter :n
fine order. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. (
A— $3 SO DERBT and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
£000 FT. :d-hand pipe, black & straight,
liic per foot; other Blzea higher. 64 Silver St.
FAST parer for tale^ cheap account of depart-
ure. Apply S26 Treat ave^ ¦
HOUSE painters' complete outfit: staging aud
ladders. See PAINTER. 340 Third st. r. 7.
GP.ETHOUND puppies. 3 or 14 months old, by
St. Lawrence: reasonable. 2766 Twenty-second.
FIRST-CLASS combination pool table /or sale.
Ii30 Kentucky «t.
ONE black and tan pup for sale; 4 old ones ta
let on shares. 713 Mission et. -
ALL sizes engines and boilers bought and sold.
KROOH MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson st
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. B. White, 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress panta. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; lato
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced prlc»,
$75; concert records, $1 £0. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boiler?: iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Bealft.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post Bt.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
BAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS T VASTS.
\VANTED^-200 one or two-year-old heifers;
must be dairy stock and free from disease;
state particulars. Address box 127. Call.
X — 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. v 220 Fremont st
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton St.
IF you wish full value foryour cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MONEY Td** LOA.V
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lav; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: ffrst,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bide. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S ana 63. Donohc-e building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
AN amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no com. Rm. 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
nees confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
ANY sum, 1st or 2d mortgages, estates tn pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, 620 Market Rt., solves all kinds of
financial problems; Zd mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
/ mission; private. LICK. US McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL lNSTRLMIEXTS.
1 GOOD upright: Rood for beginner ;~$c£ '"
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case- $133
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; $165.
1 Sterling upright; walnut case: t?2h.
1 Vose upright: eood as new: $275.
1 Pease upright; used 6 months: J245
1 Weber; walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments; gilt-edge guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-1S-20 OFarrell at.
EMERSON. 175: Guild. $100; Newhall. $150: Era-
erson, $175; all great bargains: come early
they won't stay long. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
UNTIL August 1 we offer all goods at special
reducttens to make room for new stock now
ordered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Ma rket
A— NICE upright piano, used a. few years. JlOoT
The J. DEWING CO., Flood building.
FINE upright Steinway for $250. KEEFFE'S,
823 Market St.. next to Hale's.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as <>ur Installment pay-
ments ar» easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, J5 cash. S6 per
month; other pianos, J3. $1 and Jo per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco*
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houi*»
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 20 CTFarrell St.: pianos, organs an.l
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terma easy: prices. lowest: every-
thing possible done ta please and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFPE'S piano store to 9£J
Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hala Bros.; reduction sale w!!l continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock: open
evenings; agency for the celebrated Shonlr.ger
& BehnlnK pianos. New York.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 314 Post Bt;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER Ss. CO-. Byron Mauzy. Gab!er. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. Unton Squari?.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment S3
per month. SCIIMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of nianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st. agent lor
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. i_
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham piacc.
ONE StBinway. 1 Chickerlnjr, $1DO; Installment*
15 to $10; rent 12 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $3 payments;
for rent. t2 up. BRUENN. 108 Post st
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent — Elegant offlces and rooms In Y. M.
C. A. bid?. ; all modern imps. ; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; Exl40;
rent reasonable. S28 Hayes st.
SALMIS Til i .
MME. Neergaard. Prea. St. Germain College at
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 61S Geary, nr. Jonea.
FISKSONALS.
MME. A-DA, wonderfully gifted healer^ 34
Kearny. room 11. cures nervousness, blind-
ness, Bright' s disease, rupture or any ailment.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rat?3; 13
years' experience. J. li. RAY. 357 Jess'.a «t.
LEDERER dressea the hair in the most elegant
styles for only 2ic; try him.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
&o0 Market Bt, second floor, room 37.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS,
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition: fine upholstery.
Pnone"E30s>; factory, 31S and Z20 Eleventh St.;
first-class cleaning and dying. 40a Sutter »t..
San Francisco^
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has a spe-
cial sale on of $2 switches for Jl; Monday
only. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES' and rents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, 3S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131
PARALYSIS positively cured; also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung diseases, ossifica-
tion, cancer, consumption, stiff Joints; no
drugs; no knife; consultation free. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. SOT. £08. SCO Parrott building.
LEDERER sells Scheffler"s Coloring; restore*
the natural color to the hair; 75c box.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 4-1 Third Bt.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25o to Jl 50 per night: $1 50 to }S per week:
free 'bus and baggaga to and from the ferry.
SUITS to onler oa Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all d3script!ons. 525 Dupont st
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art TalJor-
lcg Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDVMS Egyptian Eenna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all drug-slats.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'B, £CS Kearny st.
G. D. MORSTi. photographer. MM Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner S331.
PHYSICIANS AND stKi.t:o.\s.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
sumed practice at 12O<5 Market Bt, corner
Taylor; offices 23 and 28; take elevator.
DR. C C. O*DONN ELL— Offlce and residence.
1021*4 Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOIt S.\!.G.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
KS MARKET STREET.
DOWN TOWN RESIDENCES.
$3.000— REDUCED FROM tH.OCfl
On that elegant residence block oa Jones
St., between Clay and Sacrametito; lot
27: 6x12 j feet; 9 rooms and tatii.
$7.500— MUST BE SOLD; ground alon"« worta,
the money; lot 40x120 feet; elegant mod-
modern residence oi IS rooms and bath,
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
JS.EOO — Northeast corner, store and 2-story
house; tents |o7; lot 27:&xl37:» feet: mort-
gaga JCOOO can remain; make offer.
FORCED SALE— MAKE OFFER.
$5.750— Three modern Cats of 8, «, and 7 rocmt
and bath; on Grove st; lot Teeu
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$6,000— New elegant modern residence of 9 rooms
and bath; porcelain bath, tiled manteld,
frescoed dome, ceilings, etc; Cola st.
SNAP— BARGAIN.
P.23O— REDUCED FROM O.5C_-
Modern sto^e and 3-room flat; lot Ux. lu«
feet; Geary st. cara pass.
BARGAINS IN LOTS— UNDER $1.0001
$150 Cash, balance $10 per month: 3 elezant
lots near Park Panhandle; fie* view;
street macadamized.
Also S fine lots. Including 1 corner: Mis-
sion warm belt; stre«t bltumlnlzed: elec
trie cars pass property.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE Ss CO.,
633 MARKET STREET.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION! AUCTION!
AUCTION ! AUCTION !
TUESDAY JULY 31. 190O.
At 13 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 633 Market St
MARKET STREET CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Market an.l Sanchez sta.;
S6:10s43xl25 feet; speculators' opportunity.
PARK PANHANDLE FLAT3.
No. 1530 Hayes St., near Central ave. ; 3 mod-
ern Cats of 6, 7, S rooms and bath; rents JOJ;
lot 25:4x157:6 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 623 Natcma St.. near Seventh; cotta— » 7
rooms; lot 25x75 feet.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
Nos. 2307-9-11 California at., near Webster: 3
houses of 7. 9. " rooms and bath; rents $J5 per
monta ; lot E4xS7 feet.
Nos. 20-22-22H Middle st., near California; S
fiats of 5. 4. 4 rooms; rent* $30 per month; lot
25xS3 feet.
Northwest corner, 51-53-55 Webster st.. and
No. 506 Hermann st.; lot 21x31:3 feet: 3 flats. 5.
5. 4 rooms and bath and house o£ 6 rooms; rents
$47 per month.
PEREMPTORY SALE.
Nos. S04-« Shot well st. near Twenty-second;
2 cottages. 5 rooms and bath; 56x9ftx_2:8 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. «5 Whitney St., near Randall: modern
cottage of 5 rooms and basement; rents $12 per
month; lot 23x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
Southwest corner Diamond and Twenty-stxtl*
sta.: 5S*S0 feet. '
OCEAN VIEW INVESTMENT.
Southeast corner Randolph and Bright sts.;
2 houses. 4 rooms; rents $15 per month: 5X5x100.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO
60S MARKET STREET.
BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE. 1
$7tO— Must be sold; price reduced; owner tear-
ing Cttyj 25:6x114: 22d st. nr. Dolorea; street
tewered and graded: ready for building; near
car line; part cash If necessary. AddIv own^r
fr. H. SMITH, 207 Montgomery st. owner -
HAVE you real estate north of the Park cr at
the Mission that you want to sell; then call
on W. J. Cl'N'.V. 130 Calltorata st.
$00u-CHEAPF.ST lots In the city; 25x100- O n
your own terms; only 4 minutes to 24th-st
electric cars. Bryant or FoUom st transfer"
X>th and Wisconsin sts. RIVERS EltOS »*7
Montgomery st.
VERT cheap; Bush. E. of Larkln ; nlc« law
residence, or could be turned Into flats; very
s^nnny; 50x137:6. Apply on prera iis«s._2S Bu»^Builders' Contracts.
John D Soreokels (owner) with C; Krecker
(contractor!, architects Reid Bros.— Certain fin
ishing carpentry and wood work for residence
on NE corner of Pacific avenue and Laguna
"ame own*r with Rheinhold Stone (con
trHCtor> architect same— Same for same cn
same; $11,349. . ; : " ¦-
Claus Spreckels (owner) with Dyer Bros,
(contractors), architects same — Ornamental iron
work for building- In course of construction on
S line of Market street, between Third and
Fourth. W of and adjacent to Claus Bpreckels
building: $6CC0.
Sarah E. Blakey (owner, by Horace G. Platt,
attorney) with Merrltt F. GaJe (contractor), su
perintendents Shainwald, Euckbee & Co.—Ex
cavating, brick work, foundation and all ma
sonry work for a one-story brick building for
foundry cn NW line of Tehama place, 8* NE of
First street. B S3:«. XW 117:6. SW 63:6. SD
117:6; $4950.
Same owner by same with Charles A. Duebel
(contractor), superintendents same— Carpenter
and Iron work. roof, doors, windows and all
work to complete rane on same; $2075.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S H Brenneke, R Bluff
J Maioney. San Jose
J J Riordan, Portland
B Newell. Portland
E Lind. Suisun
M Pedro. Haywards
F Monese, Haywards
C Golden^ San Jose
A D Ploan & w. Or
E Davis, Portland
T T Wtlllams. S Rafae
W D Felts. Chicago
J D Clark & w. 111
H B C'.ark, USA
Lieut Zeyp, Germany
J W Neil, S Cruz
C F Kinsman, N Y
A J Rand, St I»uis
F H Harney, Gait
Mr» H Uhl. N T
W A Uhl, N T
Miss A Gilllg. N Y
J Sle:»I. N Y
Mrs Slesel. N Y
Mrs J Keller. N Y
Miss Kelley. N \
J L Kelley. N Y
R B Mayer, NY
W Weatherwax. t\ ash
A A Grant. N Mex
GRAND HOTEL.
J Gelding, L Ang
V Ralph. Alvarado
S Shlngin*. Amador
J T Bryson. Red Cross |
\V J Wright, S Jose
Mrs W King. S Jaso
Sirs E raiey. Portland
Mrs Williamson. Cal |
Mrs Honslnger. Cal j
Gladys Williamson, Calj
Mlna Williamson. Cal:
T Raduloclcn & w.
Capltola ¦
T Dlckson. S'Cruz
W Holdan. Sonora
R J Kerr. Phoenix i
T H Hood. .Battle Mt;
\ B Lemon. S Rafael:
P M Johnson. S Diego |
J F Coope. S Cms (
C Staubes. S Cru* i
K M Ankean, Fresno
T A Keables. Fresno
Mrs J Hoover. Uktah
j S Pern- & d. Cal 1
K C Smith. Portland j
Dr Rulinson, Reno I
J R Brown. Missouri
C D Eddy, Mare Id
A TV Ensign. Utah
S A Davis, Denver
Miss L Carter. Fresno
J J Gard. Hanford
F "Watson. Hanford
H J Hughes. £«ockton
C Morrell. Fetaiuma
B McKeon & w, L A
W McVor? & w. Bostn
M M Cunr.iff, Boston
M J Cunniff. Boston
Louise Tupper. Denver
M Marsh, Phlla
H Gill, Raymond
F F Gault. Tacoma
E B Cohn, Hamhurz
J Sharks. Reno
N Hamburg London
P Revllhoe.. Paris
J S Jensen. N Y
VI. R Allison. Chicaeo
W C Scott. Burllngame
J J White, Pacific Or
Dr Lindsay, Salt Lake
J H Drain. Los A
Dr Murrleta. L Ang
T L Siebrecht. Texas
C H Block. Grfdlej
E Rothschild. Chicago
D "W Lewis, Sanser
Mrs H Mcrse. S Diego
W Nlcholis, Courtland
Mrs Howard & g. Stkn
H L Smith. Cal
B Morse, Riverside
J Worthley, Riverside
M GcJding, Riverside
Mrs Hudson, Colo
C Bushnell. Fresno
T Castle & w, Stockton
Mrs T Davis. I, Gatos
Mra Steer, L Gate*
S J Kuma, Kansas Cy
J E, Stubbs. Chicasro
J H Slmoneon, w & g,
Merced
Miss A Aclar. Sctold
Miss L Aclar. Scotld
A Brown, Australia
J E Feller & w. Chlcag
W T Dodge. N Y
V.' A Dodee Jr. N T
E J Roberts. Bisbee
STOLE A 'MARCH : ON BrtJBBY.
Why Michael Schuler of Stockton
Wants a Deed Annulled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. July 24.-A sensational
suit was filed this afternoon by Michael
Schuler. who lives at 1245 East Lafayette
street in this city, against his wife, Marie
Barbara Schuler. The complaint alleges
that the plaintiff on August 24, 1S91. made
a deed of gift of lots in this city to his
wife. He had the deed acknowledged, but
not recorded nor delivered, as it was in
tended not to take effect until after
Schuvler's death. The deed was hidden
away, but on July 9 of this year the de
fendant quarreled with the plaintiff. She
took the deed and had it recorded. Schu
ler now asks the court to annul the deed
and assess his wife for the costs.
Wung Kai Kee, Who Was Employed
by a Newspaper, Escapes Punish
ment by His Countrymen.
Special 1 Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 24.— Wungr Kal Kee
of. Chinatown will be troubled no more.
He has been acquitted by the lodge
which met on Monday night to pass judg
ment upon his case.
AVung said that he had not been disturb
ed at all, and that the man who had been
stationed at the window across the street
had not been seen. A visitor at Wung;':-;
store, who appeared to be well informed
upon the situation, said that at the meet-
Ing of the lodge Wung had been declared
not guilty cf circulating false news.
"But." he added. "Wung had a. narrow
escape. If he had been caught he wouid
surely have been killed."
IS ACQUITTED OF HAVING
CIRCULATED FALSE NEWS
Ex-Patrolman Fowler Believes His
Former Confreres Have Heaped
Indignities Upon Him.
LOS AXGELES, July 24.— Frank M.
Fowler, an ex-policeman, to-day Instituted
two. suits against members of the local
Police Department, in each Instance de
manding 525,000 damages for illegal arrest
and false imprisonment. One suit is
against Chief of Police Charles M. Elton
and his bondsmen, the National Surety
Company of New York, and the other is
against Police Sergeant Jeffries and Po
licemen Henderson and Mercer. When
Fowler was dropped from the force he re
fused to give up his badge and club. One
nig-ht, while he was seated In a restau
rant, the officers entered and forciblv re
moved him to the police station. He" was
released next morning and no charge
placed against him.
WANTS BIG DAMAGES
FROM LOS ANGELES POLICE
Special Cable to Tfce Call and Kew York Her
ald. Copyright. 19>X>, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PANAMA, July 24.— Firing between rev
olutionists and Government troops began
early yesterday afternoon at L»a Boca.
The rebels were landed from warships In
possession of the revolutionists. The
fighting continued nearly all the rest of
the day and was without decisive results
The Government troops Intrenched
around the railroad bridge have main
tained their defensive positions. Some o*
them did not take part in to-day's action.
The rebels also maintained their position
at Corozol and other points on the rail
road line, where they purpose to Intercept
the regulars coming from Colon under
General Sarria. His force is 150 strong.
Colonel Thayer. superintendent of tlie
Panama Railroad, has had an interview
with General Herrera in Corozol. The
revolutionary chief assured Colonel Thay
er that his forces would not Interfere m
any way with traffic on the railroad and
so far he has kept his word. The hue
continues clear and trains run as usual.
Railroad traffic has been suspended tem
porarily, however, at La Boca since fight
ing began there. All the La Boca rail
road employes have come here for safety.
All the business places in Panama cor-
tinue closed. Provisions and other neces
saries of life are growing scarce and are
hard to get at high prices. Public excite
ment is unabated. XIany families residing
in unprotected localities have taken ref
uge in the Grand Central Hotel for safety
in case of an outbreak in the city. At the
request of the foreign consuls all for
eigners here are placing their national
flajrs over their business houses and
dwellings. The display of bunting glve3
the city a gay appearance.
The Government has issued a decree
calling to arms all Colombian citizens be
tween the ages of IS and 60 years. All
public employes not complying with the
decree will be heavily fined. It is believed
decisive action between the. regulars ar.d
revolutionists must take place very soon.
If the present situation is kept up much
longer the consequences are likely to be
serious. No American war vessel is at
Panama or Colon.
General Herrera, Chief of the Revo
lutionary Forces, Gives Assurance I
That Panama Railroad Will
Not Be Damaged.
Sharp but Undecisive Battle
With Rebels at La
Boca.
ALL CITIZENS
OF COLOMBIA
CALLED TO ARMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 1900.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED..
Tuesday, July 24.
Schr Reliance. Larsen, 24 hours from Iversens
Landing. \
SAILED. •
v Tuesday, July ti.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, tTsal.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Xanalmo.
Btmr Ohio, Bogrgs, St. Michael.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July it— Stmr Na
tional City, tor San Francisco.
1 ¦ .
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ft Steamers leave Broaiway
¦wharf. Fan Francisco:
y5Bl»_ Fcr Alaskan ports — II ¦*. ra..
rt(?-**5*»i. July 20. 2.". 30, Au^-js'. 4.
|^?P^i^p^ Charge to cojr.pany'a steamers
F?«v4&4 '¦Sh F"or Victoria. Vancouver (B '
d^^Jt-'-rffil C). Port Towr.send, Seattle. ,
t 'ViSBw Taccma. Everett. Anac-.-irtes I
and New Whiteom (Wash.)—
11 a. rn.. Jul}- ?0, 13. 30. Ausust
4. and <?very fifth day thereafter. . Change at
Seattle to this company" ¦ steamers for Alaska.
and G. N. R"y: »t Taccma to N. P. R'y; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humbcldt Bay-2 p. m.. July 21
27 August 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San SImecr.. Cay-
ucos. Pnrt Hanfcrd (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Fan Pedro (Los A=R»les> and Newpcrt-
» a. m.. July 21. 15. 20. August 3. ar.d every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Kar-
fcrd (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjrele? and Redor.do <Lcs Angeles)— 11 a.
m. July 20. 14. IS. August 1, and every, fourth
For* Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ra., 7th cf each
month. _.
For further Information obtain company s
fo'ders.
The company reserves the right ta change
steamers, tailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevjcu* nptire.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Apents.
10 Market St.. San Frar.rl??o.
THE 0, R. & N, CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
_ D O__TX___3Sri3
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Be.-ti
lAnC S8 Second Clcsi cr.d A'.ealv
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 27. Aug. «
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
I 630 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STE\MERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Naca-aki and Shanghai, and j
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
°? MARL*.... Friday. August 3, 1S0O \
SS HOi'GKONG MARU
. Wednesday. August 29. 1900
I'S NIPPON MARL*
Saturday. September 22, 1SCP
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr
freight and passage apply at company's oJCee.
lit Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO ' I
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or abont July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 133 POST ST.
~~ AMERICAN LINE.
HTir T0U_ B0UT3A_"T03. LOKDOH. PlBIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Louis July S3 St. Paul August 13
New Tor!-.... August 8 St. Louis August _
RED STA-*: LINE.
."¦ew Yor'< end Antws- »
From New Tork every Wednesday. 12 neon.
Southwark July 23!' Kensington ..August S
Westernland August lHAragonia August 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery, street.
*
-JOKPAGMIE OEKERALE TRASSATLANTIQGE.
DIRECT LtNE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <J*J t r*"v»
Saturday, from November 2. 1«S9. at -*>*'***>
10 a m.\ from Pier 42. North River, foct of
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. July 26; LA [,
TOCRAIXE. AuR-ust 2; L*AQL"ITAIXE. August i
S- LA BRETAGNE. August 18. First class to I
Havre, ?SI 10 and upward;. Second class to |
Havre JSS and upward: 5 per cent reduction on j
round ' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED FTATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Buildins>. New York. J. F.
FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa«t Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. Fan Franeiseo.
0CEA>TC S. S. CO.— HO-VOT,T*TT.X7, AJPIA
;AUCKI.ASD AND SYDNEY.
S S. AUSTRALIA' Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. ra.
S f? ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia. "Wed.. Aug. S. 8 p. in.
J. C. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., m* Morttgomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pscifx St Freight 0iflc?.32? Market St
BAY AND RIVEE STEA_EBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
\ Steamer "Monticello."
MON..-'Tues.. Wed., Thure. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m.; 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
<3ays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunflays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. ns. Landing and office. MJ«*!on-street Dock,
pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FAKE SOc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATE/VVENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF JIAGDEBCRG. GERMANY. ON THE
Slst day of December, A. E>. 1S39. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insuraree Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
black furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up la
Cash STsO.flOOOC
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company «5S.?f* CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages !,»S1.060 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company K1.0.D 9.
Cash Jn Company's Office C.43S <T
Cash In Banks S«.«5 80
Interest due and accrued on all ~
Stocks and Loans R5 .4
Premiums In due Coarse of Col!tc-
tion - - - 5C9.C*>93
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks *,.« .3
Due from other Companies ror Re- .
insurance 84 j. 179 a"
Total Assets tlO.S35.301 «
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or '-r "_!_¦ ¦-
In Suspense ••>•_ VV * 57 - 5 " •*
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. * ; re-
surance 1C0 per cent 32.J40 1J
Gross premiums on Marine Tirr.a
Risks, i ; re-insurance 50 per
Cirr.t ........ ..... T3.*S3 .3
Liability un3er other Branches...... 9.45J.M4 M
Cash dividends remainias unpaid.... J9<
Due fcr re-insurance 9.4*0 C3
Total LJabUit'.es $9.C69.M8 4S
IXCOME. — —
Vet cash actuary received for Ma-
rine premiums:". $333.77; 05
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 334,912 Tt
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Leans and frcm
all other sources 44.198 43
Received from all other sourcea I.I;<3. U7 40
Total Income $3,112,110 15
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Vet amount raid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous
years) UU133 C«
Dividends to Stockholders 1CT.500 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brokerage S3. 934 So
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 24,«S Ii
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes *.«7*93
XH other payments and expenditures 1.4!9.3S1 30
Total Expenditures *;. 044.985 42
Marine Lowes incurred during the
year t470.1<7 C3
Risks and Premiums. [Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of P.isksj
written during the;
year J J*30.257.€27 $«U.4€6 SS
Net amount of Risks,
expired during the!
year rs.260,410 6C3,4««
Net amount In force!
December SI. 1S93 1 9.:*3.59? 112.3C3 91
TH DA MM ANN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before rr.e, this May
day of 7th. 19C0. EMIL ALT. Notary Public
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS.
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
EAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
4- f.
Fresno
Santa Fe trains for Fres-
no leave at 9 a. m. and S
p. m. 9 a. in. train goes
through to Chicag-o. 8
p. m. train has sleeper,
stopping at Fresno.
, "Don't be a lobster."
ask about it at
628 Market st. &
at Ferry Depot.
94108
?— -?>
¦*¦- ¦»
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
__ss__
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry. Foo: of Markot St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAE_
WEEK DAYS— 7:SD. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.; I2:t\.
i:Z0. 5:10, «:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 1130 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l:i>
and 11:9) d. m.
SUNDATS— 8:C0. 9:30, 11:00 a, _: l.D. tJft,
6:C0. 6:» p. m.
EAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
VEEK DAYS— «:10. T:5«, 1:20, 11:10 a. m.; _:4X
tAO. 5:15 p. _. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and «:33 am. "v
SUNDAYS— 8:10, »:40. UJ» a. x_: V.t\ 1:4ft,
S:63. «:J5 p. in.
Betireen Saa Fraccisco »ad Bcaueteen Par*
wmt gchedule as abova.
Leava I In ErTect. ! ArrlT»
Ban FTar.elsco. |Apr. 15. — 0O.| Ban Francisca^
Week I Sun- J I Sun- 1 W»«k
Days. ( days. | Destination.! day*. \ Pays.
T-SOam! 8:00 •_! Noratow t!0:40 am| »:43 ara
1:30 pm 9:30ur. Petalunia. «:05 pmjlOrK «a
1:19 pm| 5K)0 pm| Santa. Rosa. 7:J5 ptn; •:» pia
Fulton. !
T JO am Windsor. 10:35 am
Healdsbarr-
Lyx'-on.
Geyserrllle.
t:SO pra >:00 aa CloverdaJe. 7:83 pm I:t8pa
T-S3 ami I Hopland I |1!>:2S ant
l:*>p_| 8^» ami and Ufclafa. [ 7 J5 p_! »:» pm
T:SOa_ 12:*5 aa»
S:00 a_ Guerncrille. 7:SS pm
1:80 pm ' €:» pra
fSO am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am : 5:40 aa
•tind i
8:15 pm J:CO pm Glen Ellen. f:CS pa! »:t0 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:*> im'lC:_ am
«:30 pin! »:CO pml Beba«rtoi>ol. I ":— P— ! *:*> psi
Etajrea connect at Santa Rcwi far Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Ful_n
for Altnina: ot Lyttcn for Lytton Sprtnjs: at
GeyservlUe for Skairs SprJncs: at Clovertlal»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Sprinsrs. Highland Sprinjrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Spr'.nfea, Sida B«y. Lakeport and Eartlett
Eprinss; at Ultlaji for Vichy Spring*. Baratos*
Eprinrs. Bltie L *:es. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Brines, Upper Lake. Poroo. Potter Valley,
Joan Day's. Rlrersldi, LieTley*s. Brjckneir*.
*-anhe<" In Helzhts, Hullville. Orr"» Hot
Eorinss. Mendoclno City. Fort Brarz. 'West-
port. TJaal. Wniits. Laytemvtlle. Ctunmtts.
Kell's SpnDSS, Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer, ScoUa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trtn tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all p^lnta
t»vcr7fj San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offces, 6M Market »:., Chrcnlcle bid*.
H. C. WHITIXO. R- X. RYAN.
General Mar.at'r. Gen. Past. Af ent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC EA_"\5r_Y
Leave San Francisco Tia Saasallto Ferry;
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a, ta.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. _
ECNDAYS 8. I. 10. 11 a. m.. l:J0. J:JO p. m-
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return, tl V*.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
/^ "^.Dr« Gibbon's DisxMjnsary,
£_Y_"?jfk H2." KEAB-I l: ST. Es_Oir_*e<5
B *1riE_' n 1S54 'or the treatment ot Private
*rUy*fc.'j3^< r )i * eu »« > 8T iost Manbrw,ri D*>bi!!ty or
K BjawBa disease v»ear!ngoiibodyacfira!r.<la^d
it*CH?(r\^ tiln Diseases. Th? doctorcnreswhPii
o'bers falL Try him. Charge* low
»*StS?i!t«a»_ t'nre«snar»mee1. Ca:tor^rl:«»
Or. J. * . u [J3_<i>, Box 1957s Saa FfMdjca
ADVEBTISE_EHTSw
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
ucdeburT fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY. ON THE
Slst day of Dwmb«r, A. D. 1S». and for
the year eodir.fr on that ¦'a'* as made ;o the In-
surance Commissioner of the State cf Califor-
nia, rurtuant to the provisions of sections JiO
i and «U of the Political Code, condensed aa per
| blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Casita! Stock, paid up in
C«ah 1730.000 00
ASSETS.
, Real Estate owned by Company 537,144 50
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages j .y j«
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks ar.d
Bonds owned by Company 1.849.539 31
, Cash tn Company's Office g «<i p*
Cash In Banks 300 C15 40
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan« «4.y tj
Premiums in due Course of Collection 344.00T (t
Due from other Companies for Re-ln-
I surance 854.373 39
Total Assets M.S«7.S64 1J
LIABILITIES.
: Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense J653.C33 94
Gmss .irenlurrj on Fire Risks ran-
nin? one year or less. { ; re-In-
surance SO per cent 1 83S.S13 U
Gro«s premiums cn Flra Risks run-
ning more than one year. J — ¦ — ;
re-insurance pro rata TSl.Vi M
! Cash dividends remaining unpaid i. •>*"»»
l AH other demands against the Corn-
•i WSJ" 234.7*1 90
Total Llabnicies I2.<«S.!S« S.1
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums H.CC2.SC3 U
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4749, M
Received fcr Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Ftocks. Loans and from
all ether sources T4 734 43
Received from a!l otter sources srisa a
Total Incons S4.132.S02 44
EXPENDrrrr_:s.
Net amount raid for Flra Losses Mn-
e!udin«r J6€1.^M 91 icsses of previous
years) C9T<:.4*2 74
Pividends to Stockholders J13.50O 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 7S4.907 39
Paid for Salaries. Pee*, and other
eharsres for officers, clerks, etc ZC*9.771 IS
j Fail for State. National and Local
taxes fS.m Jl
All cth-r paj-n-.er.ts and expenditures S3.SM 4t
Total Expenditures I4.K3.3i2 94
H. VATKK. President.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Vic« President.
! Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
i day of April. 13C0.
GEORGE H. MTRPHT,
V. S. Vice Consul at Mas-!ebUT?.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers.
Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO. CA_
RATT.RO AD TRAVEL.
wurTiir.K** racinc «omp»mt.
! Iralm Irmr nml arr •!•«* l«» nrrl'i at
H%> t'K *."«*: I %«'«>.
(Sfain Line. Foo: or Market Street)
ISAT1 — T&»it JfiT 15. 1900. — AIUTI
•7:OOi Benlcb. S.iisun, Eimira. VaearCla,
Ruur j •!!<• SicnreenM •7i4.1>r
*7:00a Shasu Exprcu— D*»u. WiUiamt(for
Birtlett Ssnsei). Wiilowt, Had
Eiufi. Portland. •7:«5r
•T:.1O» Martinez. •?»& Kiaon, Vallajo. K»;a.
I'liinrjii'jJiVi'i it >ia ¦•il'lp
¦S:OOa DarU, Woodland. Ksi<hu Ltadlof ,
Mirjitiile, «>ro»i-> *7>43p
•*:••« Atiaada K« press— Ofdea aad Kui *11: l"»»
••::!»» Sin Joa*. UTermure. atucklon.
Inoe. .-»crt>n»n'.o. FlaoerrtUe,
M.»rj«Ti:!«. CWeo. l'.-liiiiJ Milir
•SiSO* 0»oli">, ChlneM (for Tc«nnit«)i
Boccra. Carters.. j. »4:l!lf
•U:OO» H«j-»r i« Si.->« +::d Way Station!. *l 1:43*
?U:O«» Lo« Aaselea Ezprew — MwUnn,
Tr»cj. Lathrop. hux^too, M rretd
•nd Fresno. ••Ml?
•9:34>A V ii;. ¦ ,. M».-Jn-t in 1 W»r Si»'.!on. 'JiHr
• IO:«o« The OrerluKl Ijnived — Ozden, Dea-
»«r. Omiiia. Chicacn *S<13r
•ll:«o.i >"::-¦>. LiTermere. Huxitcn. Saoa-
Dfoto. MendoU. Uar.ford^VIia]]*.
Pr.rtCTTi:i» M»|!lp
•IS:O«ii H»j*»rJ» Xil« aud \V»y Stations. •»t4. r l»
tl:««r Sacramento lti»er 3*««mer» t3:O*«
•3:4>Op ||*7* »ri«. M>s aod Way SUttoof. *3i43r
•I him- Mareiiier. Han lUmon, Vallejo.
Nap*. UbtMag*, 8auta I'aja 'l»il 1«
I •l:oop B-ocla. Wbtcn. SacraawnM^
; W..., l!»i,J. Ki.ik'hts Landing.
i MarftTUIe. Orot ill* •••:I3»
MtSOr NUea, 3anJn*e aud Stoektaa *7il3r
I *5:OOrT>>» Owl I.ljnlt«:d-Trac7. Fresno.
Uakerafieiti. .-!»¦-. jus for dacta Bar-
bara, Nm Anceles *»i43»
f *3:»0rrresuo Pauecznr— M_ Uncx. Lath-
rop, Stockton, Mrrr-t. Bereada
(liaymond for Toacmlte). I reauo.. "IS: 13*
*3i3*pl*ev Urleaor Cxpms— llakeisl'ield.
8anU lUiiitci, Lva Ani»ieJ. De-
ing. El Fuo, Sew Orieaoa and
y.ut.: "iiiit
•«:»Qp Hafwaxdj. Nile* and Saa Jom # 7i«>.
<«:<M»r VaKejo *l>ilSr
•0:O«r Or*«ntal Mail— Ogiea, Cbeyenoa,
Oxifta. Chieao MlifJ*
i »«:OOf Oriental Ma!l-<>ji»a. D«n»«r.
Omaba. Clraco. MilSp
t7:«Or VallFjn, Pert Costa and "VT»y Su-
Uooa. t*> a 't>
*S:p3r Orecen and CalifornU Kinrua.feaa-
rainaiitn. Marjsfilte. I"(nI<Uii(,
r.utUn.1. r •«--. So. 11.. I an.) Im *_I3«
CO4ST lilVlNiuN (""arroit <;»s«e).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
2?:43a s»=:» Cru Excursion for Haata
Cru and Principal War Statio— :«:O3p
•*:I3« Neirar*c,C>nUriiile,8aiiJoao,r»lt<ni.
P'otvdi Ci-*'(, >a:i! a Cnu and Way
8Utinn« ••_•*
failSr Kenik. CsntorrtUv. San Jos*. K««
Almaden, Fslton. "Violder Creek,
Paata < nit and 1'rloHpaI Way
: Statics •l»:.1»«
! *41sl3r Ncwsrlt. Han Jrte, Los Gates ?•^•i
j a4:ISpGlenwnod. Felton. San»» Cnu t«:3w»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
j TtimU* rHV.W.J-'yf. sf Munt Sirnt -SJit I)—
•7:19 »:00 11:CO».H. 11.33 •i'-ia tl.M
•i:C3 t3::3 •l.ZZr.m.
f(t»0»lLM3-.»im"3rnl»«».— -(!.eo 8 00 10.00*. M.
XU.Zi -1.S3 taS3 '3:C: H;C3 •i.iir.u.
CO ANT DITtKIO*! dtroi.HJ.tnr*). /
(Thlr.i at;d Tovtnwwl S_>
• 6: m* Ocean View. Soutli ban Franci»eo.. fUi.lop
f7:OO* Sai. Jos« an.l Waf (UatbM (N'ew
A!mad»ii r.'e<*.ie»<!aT«m.|y) *fiSa P
{7:24>* 3-xr. !»y £x?crsioa for Sao Joaeu
Hacta Cr», PaciSe Grove aad
Priccipal Way Stations {S:S9r
•9.00» Han .)<-•*. Trn Pinna. Sanla Cmx.
l'i-i..o <>roi«. l'wi U -iiLoi. ISO
lUiis •)'.:•;... Unit, Lonpoe aud
PrincipiC W»r Kutloni M«t«P
'IIHOi Saa Jose ami \Tay Htatlona •«:*¦»*
•lllSO* vti:.Tr/-,L0»0*"O*»> •! >Vt,matJon« *3i3ap
i filiiar sn i'.xt-n. ICcdvroil. Mcnlo Patk.
Palo Alto. Mull ».".*r*. s».i .:.«•.
Trra Tlaoa. 8aMa <'rm. Saitnaa.
>Ioot«tey aiM I'aciSe tlruT* flOiMi
t»:3»p 5Hn Joaeaii'l W»j Stations ........ «7:3<tp
• l:l.-,r San Jose an.l Principal Vity RtotiaH •«:<•*»»
t3:U0p San Jo*-. Los Gatos and Principal
W»j su-.wi ?•*•«»%
! •*>:3l»p Sa:iJnwan<<Pr:nc<na:\Tay*-tatinns ? 1 «:33*
s •S:3O»Sa» Joaeand Way HUtioct «•):••».
I ill:43p «an Jj»e ami Way Stations *T:3ftp
A for Monusc. P foe .»ft»rtujoi.
• D j'ir ? > :i--i »» ezerpced. ? S .»¦ d%x onix
6Satcriar rr.ly.
a S*turd»y sad 3cr. A n. t Sanday aad Mocdi y
I RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalrto Ferry.
Ccrrtr.enclny April 23. UOaV
; FROM SAX FRAKCISCO TO Mil—. \__EY
AND SAM RAFAEL. -- >
WEEK DATS-;:00. •»:*). S:i*». U.150 a. _i
12:45. -1:45. 3:li. 4:15. »5:13. «:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For M:M Valley aad Sam
Kafael. on _ondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:09 asd U:J5 p. m.
SUXDAYS-;:W. •«:(». •*«». 18:90, U.OO. Il-.Jt
a. m.; 12:**. 1M. t:33. »J:4i S:W. «:0O. IM
. p. ra.
1 11:00 a. sa. dsea not raa to Saa Rafael Soa-
! Trains _«rked O ran ta 5aa Q^estla. »~ *V"T
! FROM 8A>T RAFAEL, TO SAX FRAXCTSOO.
tVEEK DATS-51J, «€:30. T:». »:4i). «10:U a,
i m.: »:». 1:15. !:«. *3:». 4:30. SOOp. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V.'edaeadara
1 and Satur_y» at «<:45 and 18.10 p. in.
EUNDAfS-«:15. •8:M. •3:53. m:V>*. _ : ii.f
B.; 1;M. MS. »Z:l% 4:iJ. •»:«. 1:45. V.Xt. l«:j»
r. in.
Trains marked <•> start fro_ San Qaentln.
FROM Mil— VALLET TO SAN ITRAMCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:£3. 1:45. •:«. J:55. 19:iJ a,
m.: «:». *«. 2:43. l:». 4:M. 6:» m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondara. Wedtttsdaja
i and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:» p. m.
SCNDATS- «iS5. S:M. 10:05. U:1S a. m.: H:tX
i l-^ t-.SO. 1:43. 4:S5. «:13. 7:CS. 10:M p. m.
' THROCGH TRALNS
T:00 _ m. week dajs— fazadera aad way iti .
tlona.
j:ii p. b. Eatcrdays— Cazadera aad wax stav
CSona.
1:15 p. B. weekdays (Saturd*y» exceptfd)—
Point Reyes and r*r gtatlocs.
• 40 a. m. Sundays— Cazai-ra and way at**
doea.
12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aa! war
J_&B_
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice is hereby given to all concerned
tiat sealed proposals or bids are scliclted for
the erection of a residence for the president
cf *S>» university and for performing the labor
ar.d furnishing the materials n«"-essary there-
for, and said bids or proposals will be received
at the cff.ee of the Regents cf the Univers'ty
of California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. corner of M«un and California sts
San Francisco. Cal.. at cr before 12 o'clock m
cf the 30th day of July, 1300; and notice U
hereby further given that the plan* and
c peclflcaticns of said building have been made
and adopted and are riared in the office of
Albert Pisals. architect. 307 Sansome »t San
Francisco, where the same may be seen and
examined during each day from 9 o'clock a
in. until 4 o'clock p. m.. from thii day until
the 2Sth day of July. li*». N o bld» or pro-
posals will be considered unless the same are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
cf tald propeser In the turn of ten (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties
conditioned that, if said bid or proposal ehail
be accepted the party proposing will du'y en
ter Into a proper contract to faithfully per-
form, the duty and obligations in accordance
with said proposal, and plan and epecifica-
tlons. which shall be and are hereby required
tobet part of srich contract. The right to
reject any and all bid« Is hereby reserved
This notice 1* given pursuant to an act en-
titied "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and orKanlze the University of
California." approved March ZS. ises. and aa
»ct amendatory of section 25 thereof ap-
proved March it. 1S72. relating to the ccn-
itrucMcn of building*, arproved March 3, 1S97.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Bulldtnga In Alameda Countr-
¦W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be re?eived at the Bureau of
eurplles and Accounts. Navy Department
Washington. D. C. until n o'clock noon. Au-
g_t 7. 1900, and publicly opened immediately
? /¦rreafter. to furni«h at the Navy Yard.
Mar* Isiand. Ca!.. a quantity of corned b»ef
apple*, beans, peaches, prunes, salt-water
soap, machine tools. =heet steel and sheet
lrcn. clue pots and copper measures. Blank
proposals will be furnished ujv-n application
to the Bureau or to the Naw Pay Office San
Francisco, Cai. A. B. KENNY, Pa\-rn_ter
General. U. S. N. T-ll-W.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
ROYAL HOt'SE. _5 Ellis Et.— Incandescent
light, readme room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. S5c to tl 50: week. $2
to IS: menth. $S to $20; elevatar cn office floor;
rooms tvith hot and cold water: baths.
PACRAMEXTO. €49— Neat furnished rooms;
private family; Jl and upward.
SHKRMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth Bt..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnisned.
StTTTER. S23C — 1 or 2 large front rooms for
studio cr office: pan; call after 5 p. cn.
THE OAKS. 119 Thlrd-A good rooming house
lor good people. R. .HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r»r«!v»d at Call brar.ch office. _0C Killmore su
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements end
ftfiucriptlor.s has been established at 169C Va-
lencia *t.
UOO3IS AND no «.*ID.
HOTEL fu-hrrland, T r ?l Su'.ter St.: choice loca-
tion; runny rooms with board: first-clas« with
every convenience.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior and table. 807 Callfc-n'.a st.
LAS PALMAS. 1S?O Market ft.— Suite of : or 3
nr.s.; privat": bath: sin. rrr.s. : bt>ard rational.
O'FARRELL, 741. m?ar Hyde— Board, with cr
without furnished raom.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTED.
ROOM~InT1boar6 r 7or boy of 10 with prlvcte
family in vicinity cf Putter and Polk sts. :
nr per month. Box 307. Call.
CALL at Room Renting Agency. 6::-«13 Exam-
iner buii'ing. If you nant to rent rooms.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTErv^Two"*furni?h*d bedrooms and kit-
chon: not over ry). Hnx 3437. Call office.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS "ra**-e-ed from $3: whitened. $1 up;
paintir? done. Hartrr.an Paint Co.. 31? Third.
B £?v r ;r n £un C &. ted PAC_^^C«___«oS
CO.. *1j Mor.igf.n-.ei->- ft, rooms ~*-l"; tel. -~*u.
SEW1XG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES:
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Chas. Piambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates, I-'ourlh st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
talX—ON BP.O5.. etcT3P» and moving: covered
\ar.s Tenth and Market; phone South 762.-
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmcre st. ; phene Jackson :S1.
BEKINS Van and Stcrase Co.. 722 Mission St.;
t»l. Main l«40— Packlr.g. moriac and storage.
TVPEWIUTEHS A\D SL1TLIES.
! GREAT BARGAINS IN" TYPEWRITERS— We
*el! better machines for less money than any
house in the rity: rentais. S3. The Typewriter
Exchanse. ECS California, telephone Main "66.
A TTPEWRITER. brand new, for JO). RE-
VALK. 4*? CaMforr'.a st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEHKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
IX Berkeler— Tvro-sf rr modern cottage, seven
Iarsr» rooms and bath: double parlors: heavy
moldinps; T-ft. basement: brick foundation;
lot Hxl_; street -work complete; price $3250;
monthly payments if desired. Inquire ou
premise*. Z-'hl Fulton St.. Ashby Station: or
H»r.-!n A- HoiroTnb. 10CT Broadway. Oakland.
FRUJTViLE ADVERTISEMENTS
; _
FRUTVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUIT VALE— Large lots. EC_4*i. 1100 and up:
Cze soil: rear cars and schoil: best time to
select them now; district, rapidly growing;
terms to suit. C. SEIT*i 1107 ZZi ave.. Oak-
land.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
' —~^— ~ ~— -~ ~ —~ ~~^—~ ~~^~~~ ~~ ~~ —~ ~ ~~ ~—~~
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
K300: ON INSTALLMENTS. COST J3000.
N?w tDrr!« of 6 rocms, censervatcry. enamel
bath. Cf«n piurnblng. hirh has»ment and all
modern improvements; lot '/xlAO feet incte the
size), with open lawn, (rrav?l driveway, stone
walks; good, substantial barn; fruit trees, etc:
rents f"r J17 &0 l-er month; owner is away;
r.!r-est locality, near Grove st. : all street work
d?r.e; a regular norre place; all in good cendi-
tlon: chanc«s like this are rare: lock into this j
this property: ea"-y monthly parmeota cr a lib-
eral iisccunt fcr a ijuick rash raie. fail cr I
write GEORGK W*. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
ttOOO. FITRXISHED COMPLETE. t;v-5.
Modern Eastlake 5-roomed ccttaffe. nearly
I new. with bath, stationary tub*, hlrh base-
[ ment, brick foundation, etc.; situate on proml-
i rent street, one block from Pan Pablo-avenue
electric cart; is well rented now; owner away
and anxious to *«!!; lot alr.rte cost Jlfc/G; this
is a snap. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
t 1908 Brradway. Oakiar.J.
IZZYi COTTAGr: FOR Sl*£<*.
UNPARALLELED SNAP.
Contalnir.R 5 rooms, barb, double parlors,
mantels, fir?t-clas« ronditicn ar.d crder: ce-
ment walks; street wn?k complete; 3 blocks !
frcra broad gaupe: in elegant neighborhood: i
close to schools, cars ar" business center; part
cash, balance rr.ortsaee; f.rst come first served.
J. S. MYEP.S. IMS Broadway. Oakland.
J4J.0O PROPERTY FOR J2400.
A new colonial hou.=e. 7 rocms: latest iieas
that make an up-to-dare hou««; elevated
ground. Furrcun<Ie.1 by mcd»m homes: the fin-
Uh nomethinr new; dir.ir.fr room, beamed ceil- |
lr.g, burnt renew; all ro?ir.5 in variegate 1 tints: i
sunny eajMMUie; near local train, cars and j
business center; her*> the test in Oakland; j
part cash, balrnce rr.crteaee.
. J. S. MTF.RS. WM Broadway, Oakland. |
tt7"X<— LOT 5TTir^; on T-r»b*t<>r St.; best loca-
tlon; very cheap. V.'ILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903
Broadway, Oakland.
KZr<y— BARGAIN: eleeant home, Kart Oakland-
7 rms.. bath gas; cem»r.t walks: mod.; lot
V.xlZZ; elevated rro'jr.'J: nr. ehnrchea. schools.
ct. car: terms. Suns»t. 325 Montgomery, r. 3-4. i
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
$12 60 PEP. MONTH.
Funny S-rcersed cottage, with bath, laundry
and barement: larg-e let: close to Ean Pablo
avenue an'i Gnve-st. electric lir.es; we have
other*, larger hourea. central and near the
trair.s. GEORGE W. Af?TIN* & CO
1,-.-? Brcadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIR.MTIRE FOR SAL_.
AN Introduction to you frcm H. ScheTlhiaair^he
furniture dealer, llth ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Divided No. 107 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of ths
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY. August 1. 1M0. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, July 16. 1900.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Tlie following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
A. Wellington BSngham, 24, 322 Ellis street,
and Edr.a Hurgit. 13. Z22 Ellis street.
John B. Smith. 30. 3021 Buchanan street, and
! Alice McGorty. :«. 2S1IB Howard street.
j rMward G. "McDonnell, 25. IM Merrill street,
I and Mary E. Coeley. 13. San Jose.
, Henry J. Woebke. 23. 717 Webster street, and
Mary A. Kesslng. 21. 9f3 Harrison street,
i Manuel M. Souza. Ti. 1C3 Clay street, and
I Lena Vager. 1«. San Leandro. "
Karl F. Fuster, 37. vZi^t Minna street, and
Kathcrine Gros. 26. 1113 Silver avenue.
Charles T. .Smith. 30. 5'A Alemany street, and
Hannah A. Lahusen, 24. SU Alemany street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublication offices and be
indorsed with th« name and residence of per-
cons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAMS— In this city, July 20. 1S00, to the
vlte of Nathan Abrams. a son-.
BERGFELD— In this city. July M. 1900, to th«
•wife of H. H. Bert'feld, a daughter.
SCHETTER-In this city. July 14. 1900. to the
wife of Edmond O. Schetter, a sen.
TtTNKLER— In this city. July — . 1300. to the
wife of W. Tunkler. a daughter. *
WILSON— In this city, July 10. 1W. to the
•vlfe of Franklin J. Wilson, a daughter.
TVTAKRIEix
FFTtUGSOX— HEWLETT— In thl» city, June
28. 1900, by Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, Charles J.
I- erguson and Jennie M. Hewlett, bath of San
FVanr-isco.
• JOHNSON— KXcONQt-IST— In this city, July H,
ISO. by the Rev. Dr. E. Xelander, John M.
Johnson and Helma Kronquist, both of this
city.
DIED.
- Bergfeld (infant). McAleney. Margaret
Colombo. Marparethe MeLeod. Ada A.
Doyle. James J. McPhie. John B.
Dudgeon. John A. Madison. Elizabeth
Fiecher. Edward Manneil. Jessie G.
Franke. Henry O'Leary. James
Furrsr. Caspar Perks, Capt. Edward
Hart. William Stahl. Anna
Hons. G. O. Fred Stutz. Jacob
Heckel. Agnes Xownsend. Mrs. A. S.
Jackson. John A. Veh. Gottlieb J.
Lauder, Ina Wallace. Mary
Lyons. Timothy Waterbury. Helen K.
BERGFELD— In this city. July 20. 1900; Infant
daughter of Mr. ar.d lira. H. H. Berjfeld.
I COLOMB<>-In this city, July 22, 1900, Marear-
etlie. dearly beloved wife of Antone Colombo,
and beloved sister of Mrs. T. Kelly and Mrs.
A. Err.rn.~ck. a native of Albany. N. X.. aged
S2 year- 7 months and 17 days.
CTFrieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Sahr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
DOYLE— In this city. July 23. 1300. James J..
husband of the late Kate A. Ikjyle. father of I
Mamie and Mab»l Doyle, and brother cf Mrs. ;
Eliza Nolan, a native of County Carlow, Ire- ¦
lanJ. aged 73 years and 4 months.
[—Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
1:20 o'clock, from his late residence. 1716
Stockton street, thence to St. Francis Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Pl»ase omit flower*.
DUDGEON— In this city. July 24. 1S0O, John A.
Dudgeon, beloved father of Mrs. Lottie Brit-
ton. William X., George E. ax.d John Allen
Dudgeon, a r.ative cf Ireland, aged si years.
<I>»troit, Mich., parers please copy.)
t_"*R»main3 at the rnortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, £429 Mis-
sinn street, near Twenty-first.
FISCHER— In Avalon, Santa Catallna Island,
July ;?. 1500, Edward Fischer cf New What-
com. Wash.
FRANKE— In this city. July 24. 13C0, Henry
' Franke, dearly beloved husband of Hannah
Franke, and brother of Mrs. A. Stolz and
I George Fraake of Oakland, a native of Her-
i stelle. Westphalia, Germany, aged 67 years
and 1 month. A member of Gernvania Lodge
No. 116. I. O. O. F., and the San Francisco
i Schuetzen Vereln.
FT.'RRER— Entered Into rest, in this city. Ju'y
IS. .lSOO, Casjar Furrer, dearly beloved hns-
, band of Caleta. Furrer, and father of Bertha
A., Florence C. and Eda Furrer ar.d Mrs. P.
Pzukalskl. a native cf Hc.-penshal. Cantcn
Uri. Switzerland, aged 54 years 3 menths and
11 days. .The decvas=ed was a member of St.
Joseph's Society. St. Anthony's parish.
f_ r Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 114 Porter avenue. Six-mile House, off
Mission road, thence to St. Anthony' ¦
Church, Army and Folsom streets, where a
Eoiernn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the r*po?« cf his soul, commencing at 9
o'c'.^k sharp. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' t«-r>'.
HART-In Oakland. July 24. 15"0. William, be-
loved husban.l of Frances IS. Hart, and father
Jo«ph and Arthur II. Hart, a native of Eng-
land. agM 74 years 6 months and £2 days.
HONP— In this city, July 24, 1*00, G. O. Fred,
dearly beloved husband of Meta Hon§, and
father of Fred C. H. ar.d William J. Hons and
MrF. ETr.ma Scheehan. and brother of Mrs. S.
Groh«.bauer. Mrs. It. Kreyer and Mrs. E.
Roes, a native of Amt Dorum. Hanover,
Germany, aged U years 3 months and 4 day?.
IirCKEL— In this city. July 24. 1D00. Agnes, be-
love-1 wife of Fred Heckel. a native of Ger-
' rr.any. aged 31 years and 7 days.
JACKSON— In this city. July 52. 1300, John A.,
beloved husband of Adele Jackson, and uncle
i of Chart— E. and Mollie J. Hamilton, a na-
tive of Hardin, Ohio, aged ES years 11 months j
and 26 days.
"CTFrier.ds ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from 220 Post
street, under the auspice3 of George H.
Thcir.as Pust. G. A. R.
LAT.'DKlt— In this city, July 24. 1300. Ina, In-
fant daughter of John and the late Alex-
dfrina Laudcr. a native of San Francisco,
aged S days.
LYONS— In this city. July 23. 1900, Timothy,
dearly beloved husband cf Annie Lyons, and
loving father of Thomas James. Timothy. Jo-
eefh.. Pavil and the late John Lyons and Mrs.
V colerrian. a native of Tralee, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 70 years 2 months and 1
CTNrtlce of funeral Thursday.
McALHNEY— In thi.« city, July 24. 1900. Mar-
garr-t b°loved daughter of William and Lot-
tie McAleney. a native of San Francisco,
asrfi 1 year and 2 days.
McLEOI>-In Oakland. July 23. 1300, Ada A.,
betorvd wife of John C. McLeod. and sister
r>f W M Rutherford, a native of California,
a'ed 44 years 3 months and 13 days. (Port-
land. Or., papers please copy.)
CT^rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend funeril services this
day" (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock from Market-
Ftreet Cmgreeational Church, corner Market
and Eighteenth streets. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
McPHIE— In this dty. July M. 1900. John B..
beloved husband of Margaret C. McPhie, and
father of Alice, William. Grace. Allen and
Robert McPhie, a native of Avendale, Nova
S-otia. aged 54 year3 i months and 7 days.
V7-l-- r jend9 and acquaintances are reapect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral this day
" (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late res-
idence Wi Ninth avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows" Cemetery.
MADISON— In the City and County Hospital.
Jul v 24 1900. Elizabeth Madison, a native of
New Zealand, aged 34 years 5 months and 7
MAXVELL— In this dty. July 24, 1300. Jessie
Gladjs OTEest daughter of William H. and
Josephine G ManneU, aged 2 years and 9
O'T-E^RT-In this city. July 23. 1900. James
O-LVary cousin of Timothy. Dennis and Dan-
ielO'lUary and Mrs. Richard Heller, and
Dennis O'Leary of the Potrero a native of
tho parish of Kilnemartyra, County Cork.
Ireland ssed 27 vcars.
lr lit' T C ( . funeral will take place this day
<\V>.ln«<iay>. at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C O'Connor & C<v. 7u. Mission street.
tr-ence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
q-.="rn mass will be celebrated for the repose
Sf his «cul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy CroKB Cemetery.
PIONEER COUNCIL. T. M. I.— Officers and
members cf Pioneer Council No. 1. T. M. I.,
a-e r*enJest«"l to attend the funeral of our
late brother, James O'Leary, this day
iWedaesdav) at !» o'clock, from J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7T" MI.«slon street. By order of the
president.^ O . SHAUGHXE SST. President.
p. C. KRETZ. Secretary.
PERKS— At sea. July 2, 1W*.- Captain Edward
Perks late master of United States army
transport Egbert, beloved husband of Au-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
Imo/w/oY «fc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
'1I39 Market St.. between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, t' cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is ISO. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE P.. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
frusta Perks, and father of Harriet Perks, a
native of England, aged 58 years.
(CTInterment to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from Masonio Temple, Presidio
Cemetery.
ETAHL— In Alameda, July 24, 1900, Anna
Stahl, dearly beloved daughter of Arnold and
Louise Stahl, and sister of Elliot and Francis
Etahl. a native of Alameda. aged 14 years 9
months .and 14 days.
[~7Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invfted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 63S Santa Clara avenue. Interment
private.' riease emit flowers.
STUTZ— In this city, July 23. 1900, Jacob, be-
loved, husband of Anna Stutz. and father of
Charles, John, William and Fred Stutz, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 56 years. (New Tork
papers please copy.)
tCyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. £_ Lombard street, thence to King
Folomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, where serv-
ices will be held. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
COLONEL. O. F. LONG Garrison No. 10L R.
and V. A. and N. Union. — Attention, com-
rades! Tou are ordered to assemble at the
hail. Alcazar building, this day (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our deceased comrade, J. Stutz.
J. F. FITZGERALD, Commander.
L. F. GLTEDET. Quartermaster.
TOWXSEXD-In this city, at her residence,
1221 California, street, Mrs. Almlra S. Town-
tend, a native of Massachusetts.
[—¦Pursuant to the request of the deceased,
funeral services, to be held Wednesday, the
25th Inst.. as well as interment, will be
strictly private.
VEH— In Alam'da, July 24. 19C0. Gottlieb J.
Veh. beloved son of Gottlieb and J. Veh. and
husband cf Mollie Veh. a native of Alameda,
aged 27 years 5 month and 25 days.
(•""""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at his late residence,
22S0 Central avenue, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city. July 24. 1S0O. at her
late residence, 336S Twenty-second street.
Mary, beloved wife of James Wallace (nee
Mulcahy). a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aee-d 8S years.
ETT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
WATERBURY— At rest. In this city, July 23,
1900. Helen R. Wat<rbury. youngest daughter
of Charles S. and Ada A. Waterbury. a native
of Sar. Francisco, aged 1 year and S months.
I_Tuneral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at 252 Waller
street. Interment nrlvate.
HEAL ESTATE CITV— KOIl SALE.
BAUTO — C — HOWEU «
10 MONTGOMERT ST.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
Near C;t> Ha;!: rT:Jxl":S» a splendid cppir-
tusltj; cr.:y $4 '>,«<!.
H-ST. FRONTAGES.
Several choice lota on ibis thoro'sa_'are at
moderate irices er.d cn <asy terms; get par-
ticular* at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
CT.500 — Pac!fic-a.venue r_**iJcnce; elegant re- •!-
• ¦: -.-. residence, IT ror,-7ns, 2 baths: s.11 arrange-
:;-,»r.:s :or an rj>-to-daie home; lot 37:6xl2;:6.
S50W-— Ore/:n Ft.. Dear •"•/Jsh; c<.«d residence.
9 rooms ana ba:a and laundry; lot 116:6x137 :€.
A FIXE INVESTMENT.
f flOO — Oeary rt.. near Van Ness avenue; 4
r-^ enoes; rests fIS8; W ST:6xl*^) t>rear street.
5 ',," - Fcl* B ?t., ccrr.er; niir.ufacturlr.g dis-
trict: 2 '.r r.tag»s; rents JI70: let 1J0xS7:S.
J:L,uwu— Kent* f!13; Ca5tro St.. corser; e-tcres
srd Sftt*; iot J0x50.
A HARGAIN.
< ' - V.:-5ion roai, near Thirtieth: cne-«too'
: > rcr.t.alr.ir.g store and 3 living rooms
a the rear: street *r jric done; lot £8x72-
AN OF7EK WASTED.
:.— Ritch tt_; 5 Cats; rent? Jl* 50: lot 52x80.
. 0— RccU t5S; Natcrr.a st.. near Sixth; ccai
: -. -r.d 4 f.ats above; let 27x73.
KESIDENCE PR'JPERTT.
IX8.49S — Proaijmcy, near \as Ness avenue; J
'. • -ry ir'irne houses; ' rooms *ach; rents
j . t C-':{s".*r":i.
'-•. }'r;.-e reduoed; WaFbirgton rt. resl-
dtnee. wjtli See mann* view; iarre garden; >us
it'.l let IT7:Svl37:e; <3cn't rail to se« this
property.
- Richmond. Plstrtct; entirely new. 2 cot-
tscef; n-.jcera In every respect: easy terms.
IZZZA— .-"urset Ulstrict; 2 handsome new med-
<tv. resi>ier.c««. juft completed; « rooms and
b*th *r>3 basement-, loi ;:x'^: easy terms. Call
Bt l:^n -^ ufttce, Ninth avenue anJ H st.
j ;"<•¦?_ ~te:ner St.. near Ellis; ccttage 4 rooms;
: i
VACANT 3L.OT5.
% ' ¦'•— Vf_ Ne*s KTcsne; corner: 3^101.
I1S.0C0 -rit«ldlo Iielghu; corner; 127:x_:S'4;
Cnc rr.iirire view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE OOC3TTBT.
i;." ¦¦'• — 9UJ1 VaJley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partlj r.nished attic: large lot: will trade fcr
city property. " Baldwin a howell..
10 Montgcmery st.
A. il. ?PECK & CO. 6TT Market. 6t.,
Opposite Keamy.
R»al Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$S"., <¦".•' — Rest comer. Van Ness avenue; let G?x
l ri S :eet; itn;»roved.
I42.Q0S — Corner; r«r;ta HT->j: nodfra Irr.prcve-
ir.er.tF; lot pays 10 j«?r cect net.
|3t',OuO— Siith St.. cornrr; modern building;
37. -foct frontage; rents tZll: stores and lode-
ir.s bouse; tarJt will loaa S20..XX).
12, Bft— _x_ St.; 7i feet frcnuis«; renta JTOO;
four store* and 50 rooms.
SI".'"':— 1?yicr-st- ir.vestmeat; close to Eddy;
££• .'ett fr:r.tage.
?::.•••¦ — lia.-ket-et. comer; modern building;
Kan arl tiat; 'ormer pr:ce. tlS.?>C'O-
ISTSC — Ninth ?t., rear MiFston; improved.
J~'">-t_ flat?: n.-r.t? Jt 1 "*) a year; lot i0x7">.
$" '."'— rc-i rt.: 3 f.ats; RBta ttt.
tT-JCTUPBOVED BARGAIN?.
ta«C-N. \V. com— Gou*h at;i Cay ets. ;
:C7:^xl25 feet.
tSOOO— Market rt.; €Cxl30 feet.
A. M. 9PKCK & CO..
6C7 Market Ft.
SZZ<> — MODESS E-room hcuse In choice location
cn Waller St., rear Pierce. 1 blocic Ji*cn"
Hfi!ght-st. cars; £3:»hed with ir.arble #tep*.
frescoed ceiiir.gs. 3 wood ma"te;s. hard-ftn-
iahed bas»Tner.t. etc.; term* cr«- f.-ycr-.h casn.
balance tZO mon_ Jy. F. NELtfON. builder.
MODERN bOBKt ar.d Tats b-^i'.t at lowest
prl"«-e; plans a^i estimate* furr.ijhed for a'.;
tuiiiing work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission si.
N;: - >V ,-;:tv»; > r :r = , rath: l:t KxiM: M:»-
rlcn: easy terrr.s ~r vacant 1-t. 413 Kearr.y f..
RJBAJL ESTATE lOl.NTIM — For Sale
"NICK little h^rr>e '.r. tov.-n 36 miles from OHM
city: extensive poultry houses ar.d yards:
house fcr "/£<) p:g»ors: real estate, personal
property, ail fcr tTM. C_! at ence. EM Cali-
fornia st-. room 2.
A SMALL fr-ji: ranch r' XI acr^s fcr pale
chrat. i=clul:r.y all farrr:r.f 'Jt'r.j'.ls; s:tu-
ar»l !r. Bcboo— County. A'iiresi J. O.
MEESIT. £_ Rafael.
P0.QM V/ILL boy a rar.ch :n ?aa Mateo County
cf about MO acres; jartlally irr.rroved with
virie» ac3 fruits; er.ly 4 miles frcm a princi-
pal etaticn. B-x IM, Call ofSce.
ACCURATE r»r5:r.al lawirtp etch cf tb«
JCOO ranches or. rr.y SALE ar.i EXCHANGE
list. More thin ail ether agents in 'his c:ty.
N. P. flCKELS. the Iar.-t agent. 6 Geary ft.
KOES Valley house. 10 rrr.«. & cuthouses, 'arge
grj-r.di wttls shade tree?, nr. station ; rale or
rest; aiso acreaee tract5. wv>ded. HOC, !JC«> an
acre. JAME^S TUNsTEAD. San /flflmn
«j ACRES— Pa>rrr.s: c'.ives. rrange?. figs,
r*ars: full tearing ; a targai_ W. B. JONES. ¦
? Pr-rt tn. ,
STOCK er.4 gram ranch for eale; Coiusa Co :
ZI45 acres; $:? y:T acre: *¦?¦* prair. reft till
!tni. M. ?. CKANPON. ICuywine, Cal.
TCI ACRES Da ir.E_:!rr.fr:t»: well trr.proved. M.
orTfTIN. 72? ~<Iarket ft . r.°ar Call bnildir.g.
FOB r*\< L - :<¦¦> s.r— j. cf the fr.ert oil lar.3; J10 j
per acre; C^alir.ta. Box ZiZ?-. Call office.
TtUOMS FOK HOtsEKKtlMMi.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large r«i!r.«, wld* hall, j
itaticnery tub*, with bath, completely fur-
nished far hout^k»ep;ng: hot and cold water; I
pa* ar.d te>phcce: new house: fine view; j
healthy ]o_tior.: :r. a small private family;
r.o children wanted; rest reasonable. 4UT31
Twentieth St.. rear C2«tro.
AT G Second— Light housekeeping, II SO to C 50
per wk; cingle and double, tl to tZ 10 per wk.
3T_T*HANAN. & "-- ccr - f"e'.l— Bay-window room
and k;:cb»n: luujf, ga« stove; "CTeisbach; $12.
CLrrMHNTINA. "M. near Frurth— 5?t:n=y house-
k^; :r.g rooms: also single.
T-TjIjT. 517— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
hou5eke*-r:r;g rooms; spiend:3 location.
TH. 3S3— Three furnished housekeeping
- -rr.s: Ji:: sir.gle brffWBM. U Ud f:..
HARRISO5T. 751— Frcnt «nd ba'k parlort: f-Jr-
Rtcbe4 cwnxde— far h*lcping; yard; rent 111
' .- r.D. W*— I-firge s-^r.ny front room; light
keeping; J7.
HOWARD. l r i63'-i— Housek"e-ir.g roorr.i«. elr.p'.e
.:te; cxmfortably furr.i«hed: reaso.iafcSe.
': -I-LIPTER. E3 5 — 2 r.icel- furr.i5h.ed sunny
Cn :.t T'jcrr.t; *ink, ranee, bath, launcry; J15-
A. S2*»— I cr 2 completely furnished house-
kK-j'.r.g roorr.5-. also a sunr.j- frcnt room.
1'INNA. 5S€»— Furslzhel rooms, complete for
¦ ;«<>keepin.
¦.''-;-I r »N. 1_1. near r.ew PcrtofSce — Nicely fur-
nlrb~4 txinr.T front rooin«; complete for tiouee-
k^ptag.
NaT<"'MA, 643 — 2 or 3 rur.ry room*, furnished
cir.; iete. for hou*ek»«-rir.g: ill and til.
DAK. IZ>— Lanpe sunny room: cloaet: furnished
1 r housekeeping; r>; «mal!er room*, $«.
K'"'ELL, 1401— 9 cr 3 large sunny room?; COD-
cccsad with kitchen; gai and bath; for hause-
; toping.
SIXTH. :3S— Frcr.t and btxk rarlcrs: eulUble
for also roemM fcr light housekeeping.
FTEVENSON. Zi2. bet. 7th and «th «s— 2 fur-
r.vh'-i housekeeping rooms; bath: central.
TATL/^'H. l__ eunny tulte of houselteeplns
rooms; cheap.
TENTH. Z2A — Sunny houaekeeping rooms; nice
tunny yard.
THIP.D. r*3— Funny furniehed frcnt roora for
bouec keeping: rea*orable: also other room».
CLASSIFIED sidvertiscmer.ts and su!>s.?rlptlcr.s
received at <~a'i branch office. ~00 Fillmcre st.
A BRANCH cf£ce for Call Bdvertlsemer.t« ar.i
rub»crir"icT2i! h*«> been established at 1C-S5 Va-
?en<*is sz.
UOUMS TO LET— Forn. and Unfarn.
A— BP.fNFV.-ICK HOUSE. 14S . Sixth— Room*
2Sc to ti per nipht. $1 _ to ti P*-r week, and
i;c!.t houEekeeping: cpen all night.
BOHEMIA. ?33 Tc«t— Finest sury suites !n city
i"T faro;!l»- ar.d gentlemen: all conveniences;
t p~c:al acccmmodalior.* for tourists.
BXTRXETT. 14:6 Market rl. <old No. 1**4)— Fur-
r.i*he<l iit.k.. suites, tingle; also unfurr;ish»-<".-
Bl.'.^H. S>O— Pur.ny room for gentleman; private
family: moderate. . - '
r.:.l.l~. «*. ror. Ls.rkin-Sur.r-y furnished room
for I: r.^dirc fc«s3: We'sbach.
ELEVKNTI*. 41. near^iarket »t.— Pur.ny fur-
r.t»h»d rocm* fcr 1 «r 2 gentlemen; use oJ
: .:. r and phor.e: rent t&.
¥7>l.hG\?* •¦id,, cor. €th <The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r. rr.t-i Rmsy roc_a. rirgie or ru:tes; reasonbt.
"JEAHy. <% <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
roorta; eulies cr single; travelers acco'dated.
2RANI> BOVTHESZt. aeuthe— 't comer Seventh
ar.d Mission fib.— Sunny irons, en »uite <t
tingle: lad:«* parior; reading room: elevator.
riOIKL FranciFOO— Elegant auites: single ;tran-
r-.T.r.: l-*ths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. CS— Rac-r.i frcra tl week up to IS;
i> to $1 night; also housf keep:r.g roorcs.
aOWAP.!). i".>. ror. C:h— Nicely furnished tunny
room*; reasonable; by fay. week or -month-
MARKET. IV 2, ccr. Van New— Sunny front
nr.*., with run. mater, $7, J5 up; also hskpg.
MINNA. €C7. comer Kighth — Newly ?umishe>i
hti.>--*Mr:do»r room, tl per week; transient. '
yPARKELU t'j— Sunny furnished rocm« and
ff!5'~e.«: e'.evatcr; electric lights; day. irk., oia.
JTARRELL. 7S5 — A large, neat and clean front
rovrn in rear; very re2.sonati"e.
t-OWELJ-. 121— L'sht. clean rm».; eultet or tin-
gle: transient; running wcter; ratec reduced.
JO^KDALE House. J3» and 1TI Ellin «t.— RooriJ.
debt, ._-..!:, week, i: _ to U; open night.Sacrifice of Curios.
Lovers of the beautiful will have a rare
chance to purchase Chinese and Japanese
works of art^ at the great fire sale which
opens Tuesday morning, July 24th, at the
store of Wing Fat & Co.. 713 DuppnC
street. Stock worth $30,000 to be sold with
out reserve in order to adjust the firm's
Insurance. Sale limited to two weeks. ?
Supreme Court Cases.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down decisions in the following cases:
Fritz Krug et al. vs. F. A. Lux Brewing
Company, judgment reversed; O. B. Pow
ers vs. A. F. Hitchcock, judgment af
firmed: Elizabeth Murray vs Laurent
Etchepare et al.. judgment affirmed.
Hackmen "Will Register Kicks.
Hackmen and livery stable keepers left
their fiery chargers to themselves for a
time last night while they met In the
rooms of the ITnited Undertakers* Asso
ciation, at Fifth and Jessie streets, to or
panize the Carriage Owners' and Drivers'
Protective Association. The Immediate
object is. organized opposition to the new
ordinance wMch imposes a quarterly li
cense of $15 upon solicitors, runners and
hackmen. Tho hackmen claim that the
ordinance was not originally meant to in
clude them, and that it Is a source of
much hardship among their ranks. La<n
night 150 members signed the roll. The
following officers were then elected- Wil
liam McLaughlin, president: Thomas
Martin, vice president; John Dowling
secretary; "William JIcLaughlin Jr.,
treasurer. Ano'her meeting at the same
place has been called for next Friday
night, when a petition will be drawn up
asking the Supervisors to amend the or
dinance.
f DESPONDENT WOMAN" AND MAN SHE LOVED. T
LEA BELLEMORE. known as Mrs.
Lillian Dent, tried to commit sui
cide in the rqar'of David Dent's
saloon at 26 Steuart street early yes
terday morning. She broke Into the place
and, securing a revolver, shot herself in
the left breast. The bullet struck the
breast bono and was dellectcd, passing
around the chest and coming out under
the left shoulder. The woman was hur
ried to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
Victor Putnam dressed the wound, and
later expressed the opinion that the
wounded one would recover.
There are peculiar circumstances con
nected with the shooting. David Dent,
the man in the case, always speaks of
the woman as "my wife." Miss Bellemore
insists that she has never been married
to Dent, and because Dent would not
have the ceremony performed and was
making love to her sister, Lea was driven
to commit the rash act.
"I am now 24 years old," said the young
woman in the hospital yesterday, ''and I
ran away from my home in Colorado with
Dent seven years ago. He was a gamb
ler and € goo<l fellow,' and I liked him and
like him still. Five years ago a child was
born to us and before the time came I
went down on mv. knees to Dave and
asked him to make me his wife. He re
fused, and then I took rough on rats, but
unfortunately did not take enough. Ever
since I have worked hard and it wae my
money that set Dave up in the saloon on
Steuart street. ' :';.-'
"Lately my sister Ida came to live with
us at 1813^ Mason street. She is younger
than I. Hard ;- work - has -made me look
older than I really am. Dave has been
paying her attention and I could not stand
it so I tried again to kill myself."
Near the woman's right hand as she lay
in the saloon was found the following
written on three pages of an order book:
David Dent
You will please excuse me for being so bad
but what I have stood with you would make
eny woman crazy. She came home and told me
when she was sick that time you took her up
on your lap like a baby. Xow you and her
can take care of my baby.
"Wished to be your wife for menny years.
LEA BELLEMORE
DAVID DENT.
you can't make love any more before my
face. Seven years la coming to me for being
with you and you an't married me after all
your promises and now I think I h.ive suffered
enouch for you. Take sood care of my baby
if you don't do not
Well this is all wishing yet to be your wife
LEA BELLEMORE,
Your best friend -LUlle
Good by David Dent; please kiss the baby
for me, if you don't care for me.
Please don't blame it on him for I done it
my self. LEA B.
Mr. Dent for to read
Kood by for the last
This la all for this world.'
David dent has been my pet for years so I
can't Etand for him to make love to eny one
else L.IL,L,IK.
I am here, don't you see. lnjoy yourself for
the last David dent to night.
Dent says the woman was insanely jeal
ous, and insists that she is his wife. He
visited her at the hospital and later
brought Dr. Hartley to call upon her.
Everything possible had been done for the
woman, however. Lato in the afternoon
it was decided to send her to her home.
Quarreled and Took Poison.
Joseph Hatismann, who until a weekapo
was employed by the Pacific Transfer
Company and lives at Eddy and Leaven
worth streets, attempted to end his life
at an early hour yesterday morning by,
swallowing a dose of carbolic acid. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
will recover. Hausmann was Infatuated
with Mrs. Margaret Rankine, who has
been separated from her husband for
some time and lives at 223 Perry street.
On Monday night he -was drinking with
her, and they quarreled. ¦ About 2 o'clock
yesterday morning he went to her house,
and because she refused to allow him to
enter he swallowed carbolic acid.. When
the police were notified yesterday morn
ing Captain Seymour detailed Detectives
T. B. Gibson and Whittaker on the case,
as it was thought that Mrs. Rankine
might have given him the poison; but
they soon came to the conclusion that
he had taken it himself, and when he
was able to talk he admitted that he was
a fool and had swallowed the poison in a
fit of anger. The detectives found that
he had been -telling several saloon-keep
ers on Monday night that If Mrs. Ran
kine "went back on him" he would com
mit suicide.
JEALOUS OF A SISTER
SHE SHOOTS HERSELF
If the hopes of the finance committee of
the semi-centennial celebration be ' real
ized all the money that will be required
will be on- hand to carry out the various
events of the four days' festival on a
scale of grandeur that has never before
been undertaken in this city. It is calcu
lated that if $2(X),000 was distributed in the
different channels of trade when the for
tieth anniversary of admission was cele
brated in this city next September there
will be a greater number of people in this
city than there was ten years ago; conse
quently more money will be put in circu
lation.
Bear Flag Parlor of Petaluma will turn
out with Rincon Parlor of this city and
will have at least fifty members in white
duck trousers, white duck coats, blue
shirts, white straw hats and golden
sashes.
There will be a meeting on the 30th lnst.
of one delegate from each grove in this
city and Alameda County for the purpose
of determininc what kind of display the
United Ancient Order of Druids will
make in the parade. This meeting has
been called by the noble grand arch, Hen
ry Lange, of St. Helena.
The entertainment committee decided
last evening to present the following plan
to the general committee for its ' ap
proval: • 7 . ;'¦; '.'•
Saturday, September 8— Launching of the
monitor Wyoming. KveninB— Naval parade,
prorrenade concert In the nave of the Kerry
buildlnir by two bands of thirty-five pieces
each; concert and fireworks in Union Square.
Sunday, September 9— Vehicle parade in
Golden O.ite park; dedication of the KpreckelB
music stand) sacred concerts in Golden Gate
l J urk and at the Presidio; baseball srame, polo
game, reeatta, bicycle races and field sports
at IncleMcle.
Sunu.iy evening— Sacrerl concerts in Columbia.
Lafayette Union and Washington squares.
Mcnuay, September 10 — Grand parade. Kven
'tnir—Litecary oxerclses; elaborate display o£
fireworks; concert In the Palace Hotel court;
receptions by various parlors at their respec
tive headquarters.
Tuesday. September 11 — Bay excursion; re
view of United States troops at the 1'resldlo;
school children's drill in Golden Gate Park;
drill of the Fire Department. Evening— CTrind
bal! In the pavilion; electric parade.
Arrp.neemonts have been completed whereby
visitors will be enabled to visit Hopkins Art
Institute, Aca<U>my of Sciences, State Mining
Bureau and State Board of Horticulture on
Monday and Tuesday.
The Curly Bears. Argonauts, Coyote*. Imps
and other side degrees will be In session ton
Monday evening.
At a meeting of the naval parade com
mittee last evening Captain Leale was ap
pointed commodore. J. F. Finn, A. <o.
Freese, Commodore Hawks,* Commodore
McCarthy, Captain Pryor and Captain
Gray were appointed a committee to ar
range the details of the naval parade.
At a meeting; of the committee on wheels
and automobiles the Bay City, Olympic
and California Bicycle clubs were repre
sented. It was'decided to extend an in
vitation to all bicycle clubs In the State,
drawing: their attention to the attractions
during the four days of festival and an
nouncing that there will be a meet at
Insleside track at which no entrance fee
will be charged and three special events.
There will also be an automobile race.
They Will Not Be Allowed
to Parade With the
Parlors.
NATIVE SONS II
THE GUARD MOST
MARCH IN LINE
The following new appointments to the
colleges at Berkeley were made.
FirFt Lieutenant Henry I >. Walte, U. S. A., j
retired to b^ professor of military science and
tactics! at P00 a year; Charles Iteuben Kcyes.
t > lie instructor In German, at 1300 a year;
Mi^s Anna FoKs'.er. to be cataloguer in the
library at $M) a .month, from AupuFt 1. l>>0:
l>r. Arthur S. EaVle. to be assistant In
mir.eral"sy a * * fifi0 a year: Marion Clyde 'Weir,
to be rea.'irr in <!r*-fk, at tl"0 a year; Lincoln
Hutrhir.r* r, to b» instructor in eoon'.mios. at
fMH a. yr.-ir: Dr. Chnrli-s A. Kofr>ld. u, b- a«=lFt
&nt lirVifefFor of histology and embryology, at
$IHCMt a year, from January 1, 1901; Frank Free
rv,.-in EUls. to I* a^if=tnnt in zoology for six
norths, from July 1. liWi, at S."f* a month: W.
H. Weslar, to l>«» assistant in chemistry, at Jl*u
a y*»nr. and H. M. Conner, to be assistant In
chemistry, ;-t (300 a year.
Lieutenant Waite, the new military in
structor, graduated from West PHnt in
1S79. lie served in the Third Infantry and
Fifth Cavalry, and saw much active ser
vice on the frontier. In lSl'4 h^ retired
from active service. When the Spanish-
Arm rioan war broke out he recruited cav
alry in Ohio, and later commanded a
squadron of the First Ohio Volunteer
Cavalry. Lieutenant Waite is a resident
of Toledo. Ohio, where be has been cn
paRed in the practice of law. For three
years he has been president of the Uni
versity Club of Toledo.
Dr. Eak'.e. the new assistnn* in miner
alogy, is a graduate of Cornell Univer
sity, and in 1896 received the degree of
doctor of philosophy at Munich. La«t
year ho was an instructor in mineralogy
and petrography at Harvard.
Charles a. Kofoid. appointed assistant
professor at histology and embryology.
has been for five years superintendent of
the biological station of th*> university of
Illinois. He is a graduate of the Univer
sity of Michigan and received the doctor's
degree from Harvard in 1 S 94. He will not
come to California until January 1.
Miss Anna Fosslcr. the new library cat
alopuer. is a graduate of the University
of Nebraska and of the Albany Library-
School.
The following orders making changes
in the faculty of the medical department
were adopted:
Dr. William E. Hopkins, now associate pro-
I>«;sor of orphthnlirolusy and otology, to be
clinical r>rof*-5?or «i ophthalmology and otolosy:
Dr. Charle* von Hoffman, now associate pro
fcFscr of cync-poXogTv, to be profprsor ot gynecol
oey; Dr. Herbert C. Mofiitt, now lecturer on
th-j principles and practice of medicine, to be
professor of th<» principles and practice of medi
cine, end l~>r. I^o N'ewmark. now clinical lec
tiircr on nervous diseases, ¦ to be lecturer on
neural patboloiy.
The resignation of Dr. C. Hadley Carl
son as associate professor of physiology,
urinalysfp and toxicology was accepted.
Dr. A". A. d'Aneona was appointed lec
turer on physiology in relation to the ac
: lion r.f drugs. The v.-ork on urinalysis
i and toxicology heretofore performed by
i J">r. Carlson has been assigned to the pro
| f*-ssor of analytical chemistry in the col
t lege of pharmacy. Franklin T. Green,
Tho dpgrr-e of doctor of medicine was
conferred upon Clyde Hriggs Laughlin
and Manuol Fernandez, who have recently
! completed examinations, which they were
• prevented by ;llness from taking at the
I usual time. ••-. ; -
President Wheeler reported that the
5-ummer tchool at the university had met
with great success. Instead of there be-
I !ng 2r<0 students; as expected. 432 took Its
j courses. As a result the income had been
! nearly tK^K) more than expenses.
! An appropriation of J3.VK) for equipment
j for the addition to the chemical labora
i tory was mado.
REGENTS ADOPT
BUDGET IS IT
IS REPORTED
John E Budd Poses as an
Economist and Votes
Against It
The* Roard of Regents of the University
of California held an adjourned mt-f-tine
yesterday afternoon and passed the bud
get as presented by the finance commit
tee, it having been laid over frum the la:?t
r«frular me^tinp. A few additions to the
faculty were made upon recommendation
of President Wheeler. The alumni plan
tor in<T«>atur.g the revenue of the univer
sity was not «liscussed.
Keprent Uarnes occupied the chair. Re
gents Wheeler. Foster, Mrs. Hearst, An
derson. Wallace, Rodgcrs. Pardee, 15udd,
Houehton and Reinstein were present.
The l.udjret for the ensuing year shows
a probable deficit of $i;.2«. 03. the esti
mated expenses being S44VJ2S #5. ana the
estimated Income $1-'W.2O2 M. Of the ex
pense? S303.4C0 00 is included under the
item of salaries.
Kejrent Uudd posed as an economist,
making thre* unsuccessful attempts t-»
effect Favi::gs. He moved that the salary
of Maior J. IJ. Vhoon as counsel for the
Hegents bt? cut from S2±J<) to $1SvJ per year.
There was no second. A few minutes later
he move] that the salary of Professor
George Davidson of the chair of geogra
phy be reduced from $4<J-JO to $2S(R». The
silence that followed was oppressive.
Again DO Beeond was heard. Then Ke
pt :u Uudd asked why there should be two
iuYi prof'-ssors in the Latin department.
President Wheeler explained that Pro
— ,,-^r ,MtrriIl was in charge of the de
wrtrr.em. and that after Professor Kel-
Vogg's resignation as president of the uni
versity be had been made emeritus pro
fessor" of Latin, so that his connection
¦with the university miKht continue.
"In vi.w of the probable shortage," Re
pent Budd said, "we should deal with
th'fe ou«-*tions without allowing personal
PvmpathU-s to Interfere." •< - --' :
President Wheel, r sa!d that Professor
KellopR's servi r <-s would be eminently
useful to the university.
The question was raised whether or not
ProfeSoor John Fryer would be ba«-k from
China during the coming collegiate year.
BegCfit S!acK said thai he was informed
that Professor Fryer was already on his
wav back.
President "Wheeler called attention to
the fact that the estimated deficit for
last ytar had been $13,000, but that by
riirid "economy any dt-Iicit whatever had
be«n efcsjic-d. He hoped that would be
the case with the budget under consid
eration.
"J consider it our duty," Regent Rod
pen? said, "to go in debt If necessary for
the b»-.«t int«»r»-sts of the university. \\ e
v.-;il have an opportupnity to get relief
through the Legislature soon, and I feel
sure that that body will come to our aid."
ttoj^nt Uudd thought pucn nope luiiie.
«md he voted njraUist the l>udj?et. All the
other r^K'-ntp present voted for It.
General Houghton stated that the en
tire ?4to,0riQ of the Wilmeruinp gift had
been preserved Intact and $35,000 added to
it. The school had «.n entire block, a
building that co5t ?<V<.000 and excellent
oquipment. In its shops 140 boys were
learning trades.
A communication from Dr. G. F. Shlels.
¦who »ent to Manila, aj? a surgeon major,
t-sking why his name had been dropped
from ihe medical fr.culiy during his ab-
Bence. v.as filed without action on It being
taken by the repents.
The r*»f=ignation of Dr. W. S. Tangier.
assistant in mineralogy, was accepted.
He has been appointed an assistant geol
ogi?t In the United States Geological
Survey.
The Ten Dollar Excursion to Be Re
peated.
The popular $10 excursion to Lake Ta
i ho» will be repeated on Saturday next
I under precisely the same circumstances
as last irock. It is a splendid chance for
I a day's outing In one of the grandest
i spots nn earth, and the extremely small
cost places it easily within reach of the
great majority of people.
The cost of the ticket Includes sleep
| Ing car In both directions, steamer trip
I around the lake and a whole day among
the lake's noted resorts. Opportunities
like this are none too common.
Purchase tickets at the Southern Pa
cific's city ticket office. C13 Market street,
San Francisco.
LAKE TAHOE
AGAIN IN LINE
Its Status to Be Determined Through
the Maud Bloodworth Habeas
Corpus Petition.
The question has again arisen as to
whether or not the Magdalen Asylum is
successor to or a part of the local indus
trial school, and is to be determined by
the Supreme Court on the 6th of August.
This qvrstlon has been before the Su
preme Court before, but it was dropped
before coming to a final issue.
Knoeh Klood worth yesterday applied for
a writ of habeas corpus for the release of
his daughter Maud, who Is now confined
in the Magdalen Asylum. Last April the
girl, who is 16 years ot age. was arrested
by Officers McMurray and Coleman on a
charge of vatrrancy. She was convicted
before Police Judge Mogan and sentenced
to be Imprisoned in the Industrial School.
She was taken to and is still confined in
the Magdalen Asylum.
The girl's father in his petition for her
release on habeas corpus declares that in
stead of being in the custody of the Sher
iff in a public institution she is deprived
of her liberty by the Mother Superior,
Sister Mary de Sales. The asylum is al
luded to in the petition as "a sectarian
institution, or boarding-house, for fallen
women."
ANOTHER ATTACK MADE
ON MAGDALEN ASYLUM
trict Attorney Byington lned an atlldavit
on which the* contempt proceedings were
based. This nflldnvit. which is attested to
by YV. T. Kibbler, foreman of the Grand
Jury, stripped of its formal phraseology,
reads:
I .Tames Taylor Rogers was duly subpoenaed
to appear us n witness before the Grand Jury
in the hearing of the choree againFt John M.
Chretien in relation to his connection with the
estate of Joseph Sullivan, deceased. James
Taylor Kogers anpr-ared before this body,
which was thrn in M-ssinn. rind after havins
taken o.uli and being fworn In due form of
law by W. T. Kibbler, foreman of the Grand
Jury, the followir.s questions were propounded
to the witness:
Did you file an arniearancp for Mary Ann
I Sullivan. Helena Sullivan and Philip Sullivan
in the matter of th« estate of Joseph Sullivan.
(5*0, s?ed, So. 21.(32, Department No. 10. Su
perior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California?
Did ynu virile a lett^-i lo Sdl<l all.:p*.l heirs?
Did you file a petition for distribution of
;:ai'l estate to said alleged heirs in Depart
ment 10?
Did you allege In said petition that said Mary
Ann Sullivan. Helena Sullivan and Philip Sul
livan were the next of kin of said, Joseph Sul
livan, deceased?
Did you allege in Fald petition that faid John
Sullivan was not the brother of said Joseph
Sullivan, deceased, and was not related to said
Joseph Sullivan?
What -was your authority for denying the re
lationship of John Sullivan to said Joseph Sul
llvun, deceased?
Did John M. Chretien offer you any money
for the withdrawal of said petition filed by
you?
Were you paid any money for the withdraw
ing of said petition or for consentins that the
Superior Court distribute the estate of Joseph
Sullivan, deceased, to John Sullivan?
Did John II. Chr-etlen Inform you that John
Sullivan was not the legal heir of Joseph Sul
livan, deceased?
Have you ever received any money from J. J.
Rauer for consenting to the distribution of said
estate to John Sullivan?
Why did you consent to the distribution of
said estate to John Sullivan?
James Taylor Rogers declined and refused to
answer each and all of these questions. Kach
and all of these questions were material and
relevant to the charge then under investigation
by the Grand Jury.
Wherefore, affiant prays thnt .Tames Taylor
Rogers be cited to appear before your honor
able court on Monday, July 23. 1!>'"'<\ at 2 p. m.
to show op.use. If h? has any, why he should
not be punished for contempt.
On reading the affidavit Mr. Henley, on
behalf of Rogers, demanded time In
which to prepare an answer. District
Attorney Byington informed 'the court
that in view of the nature of the pro
ceedings the respondent had no legal
right to file an answer to Foreman Kib
bler's aflldavit. The court granted the
respondent's request, however, and at 3
o'clock Rogers and counsel returned. Mr.
Henley tiled a demurrer to the aflldavit
but on its being promptly overruled by
Judge Dunne he offered Rogers' affidavit
as an answer. Rogers rose to his feet
and in answer to Clerk A. B. Mahoney,
who administered the oath, he swore that
the contents of the document were cor
rect-. In this manner Rogers admitted his
guilt and acknowledge that if he told the
truth his prosecution on a felony charge
would lie the result.
"If the respondent in this action is in
fear of incriminating himself by answer
ing the questions propounded," said
Judge Bahrs after reading Rogers' affi
davit. "I think it pertinent at this time
to ask what felonv it is that the respond
ent is in fear of. If this investigation
had boon disassociated with the previous
investigation It strikes me that there is
nothing In the questions calling for an
swers that would tend to incriminate the
respondent." [
Rogers was visibly disturbed hut made
no answer. Henley said he was of the
opinion that a continuance should be
granted tnat ne might prepare for any
arguments that arise and to prepare a
new answer which he would tile at the
next session of court.
"It 6triKes me as peculiar that you
are not prepared for tms proceeding,
said Judge Uahra. "This is a matter of
great puoiic- interest and the whole city
seems to be advised of it; that Is, the
whole city with the exception of your
selves. I have no disposition to deny the
right of the respondent to consult counsel
and make such preparation for his defense
as he may see lie. but this preparation
should have been made heretofore. As
I am going away on my vacation I nave
assigned tnis matter to Judge Dunne for
future consideration. He has requested
that I sit v.lth him and in order tha.t this
case may be jointly considered by us an
immediate hearing is necessary. '
"All 1 ask is time to prepare my case;
say until the morning," answered Hen
ley "1 am conlident mat Mr. Kogers can
not be compelled tc answer these ques
"Jt is my contention," salh District At
torney Byington, "that if Ithe respond
ent refuse to answer these; questions he
must state specifically his reasons for re
fusing to do so. If his answers will tend
to disgrace the respondent in the eyes ot
the people and if in the judgment of the
court they do not necessarily tend to in
criminate him, he must answer them, as
they are pertinent to the issue. Any dis
grace that may fall upon him by nis an
swers will not be considered by the court
and that such disgrace will follow is not
suliicient ground for a refusal on his
part. There are leading cases on this
point and all support this theory."
"When my attention was first called to
the fact that Mr. Rogers refused to an
swer these questions," Judge Bahrs paid,
"I had some thought that he was right in
refusing. I have since reached a dif
ferent opinion, however, and at least
agree with the District Attorney that he
should specifically state why he refuses
to answer the questions if he continue to
refuse. I do not believe it an abuse of
discretion, however, to allow the re
spondent and his counsel time in which
to prepare their case and I will order a
continuance, with the consent of Judge
Dunne, until to-morrow morning at II
o'clock, at which time this matter will
be taken up and disposed of."
Rogers then rose and begged leave or
the court to withdraw his answer from
the records, with the right to file an
amended aflldavit. Judge Dunne prompt
lv denied Rogers' motion to withdraw his
answer and it will be preserved among
the records of the court for all time as
the indirect confession of guilt of the
one remaining conspirator. .
Judges Shy of Chretien's Case.
Judge Conlan still persists in his re
fusal to hear the case of John M. Chre
tien, the disgraced attorney, on the charge
of forgery in connection with the Sullivan
estate. The case was continued last
Thursday till yesterday morning: by
Judge Fritz, and because he was leaving
on his vacation, he, as presiding Judge,
assigned It to Judge Conlan's court.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
called upon Judge Conlan yesterday
morning, but the Judge informed him
that the case was not on his calendar, and
as it had not been legally transferred to
his court he would decline to hear it. He
explained that he had the poolroom cases
and others which would fully occupy his
attention.
Whiting went to Judge Cabaniss and
asked him to take the case. The Judge
said that he was not opposed to hearing
it, but as it had been transferred to
Judge Conlan's court by the presiding
Judge he could not see how he could
legally hear it. Judge Mogan will leave
shortly on his vacation, so that there was
no other Judge to apply to.
J\idge Conlan said Inter that before a
presiding Judge can assign a case from
ono court to another he must get the
consent in writing of the Judge to whose
court it Is assigned and that had not been
done in the Chretien case.
Chief Sullivan and Captain Seymour on
being notified of the state of affairs said
that the best way to get out of the dif
ficulty would be to get the Grand Jury
to return an indictment against Chretien
on the forgery charge and take it alto
gether out of the Police Courts.
Brought Before
Court Charged
With Contempt
for Defying the
Grand Jury.
JarrK-s Taylor tlofiers. the one remaining
unfndlcted principal in tlK- infamous con
spiracy to rub estates of the intestate
and unprotected dead, in the foregoing
affidavit and under cath has indirectly
pleadf^J puilty in cp<?n court to the- crim
inal charges laid against him by the press
since The Call's expose of the theft of the
estate of the late Joseph Sullivan.
IVinf? eiu-d to appear and shew cause
•why be should n<,t be punished for con
tr-mpt for having defied the authority of
the Grand Jury by flatly refusing to an
swer questions propounded by the fore
man of the inquisitorial body, he walked
Into court before Judges Bahrs and Dunne
yesterday afternoon and with raised hand
made his oath that fear of incrlmination
iind fhame and disgrraro had sealed hi?
lips. He added that behind that section of
the c<>de which protect* thor-c charged
¦with crime he had decided to take? refuse,
that the tendency of his answers might
COMES cow the said
James Taylor Itog-ers,
and answering the affidavit or
complaint purporting 1 to charge
trim v-dtli contempt of court,
on file herein alleges as fol
lows:
•'That the proceedings re
ferred to in said offldnyit as
occurring before tha said
Grand Jury constituted and
were, as respondent avers, up
on information and belief, an
assault upon the personal lib
erty and deed rights of affl
ant. Thnt cs affiant avers
upon informr.iicn and belief
the said questions addrssssd
afSant as set forth in raid af
fidavit xrere calculated and in
tended to elicit from effiant
ansvers the tendency of
•which -would subject him to
punishment for a felony; also
the answer or answers to
¦which wculd have a tendency
to degTads Rffitnt's character.
"Affiant farther alleges that
he declined to ans-wcr each and
every one of such questions
and does so nov»- decline under
the provision 2065 of the Code
cf Civil Procedure of the State
of California. That the an
swers to the ssid questions
and each and every one of
them will or mcy hnvc a ten
dency to subject him to pun
ishment for a felony, snd will
have a direct tendency to de
grade affiant's character.
Wherefore afSaiit asks to bs
dismissed."
In an Affidavit He
Declares It Is
Dangerous for
Him to Answer
Questions.
R0GERS SWEARS HE IS LIABLE
TO PUNISHMEMT FOR A FELONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 25. 1000.
12
not subject him to punishment for a fel
ony. Rogors has squirmed from beneath
the laph of the Grand Jury inquisition
only to be forced to a corner from -which ,
there poems to be no escape. On the wit
ness stand before Judge Troutt he ve
hemently denied under oath that the sold
of J. J. Rauer had "convinced" him that
the heirs he represented were not the
heirs of the late Joseph Sullivan. Against
his word stands that of J. J. Rauer, who
has sworn before the Grand Jury that
Rogers only cast off his clients after hav
ing pocketed K*} as compensation for his
consideration of the rights of the ••lawful"
heir.'John Sullivan. Rogers has not seen
fit to try and outswear Rauer before the I
Grand Jury. For the reason that he did
not the Grand Jury has held the matter
of his indictment in abeyance. Rogers
has now made oath that fear of prosecu
tion on a felony charge actuated him in
defying the Grand Jury's authority. To
day .he will again appear in court, and
Judpes Bahrs and Dunne, sitting in bank.
will determine his fate. H«* will be forced
to specify thf crime he feels guilty of
having committed. The court holds that
it is not discretionary with a witness to
determine whether or not an answer to a
question will t~nd to incriminate him.
Whether or not this would be the result
of an answer is for the court to determine.
The court will determine this point this
morning, and if the decision be against
Rogers' content'on he must answer or go
to 1ail.
After true bills had been found against
Chretien. Latner and HanstecV members
of the Grand Jurv informed Judg<- Bahrs
(,f Holers' refusal to answer questions
relating to his connection with the indict
ed conspirators. As a result Judge Bahrs
Issued a citation yesterday at noon or
dering Rogers to appear and show cause
why he should not answer the questions
or be punished for contempt. District At
torney Byington directed proceedings. At
ihr- hmir named for the hearing Rogers,
accompanied by his attorney, Barclay
Henley, entered the courtroom. On the
arrival of Judges Bahrs and Dunne Dls-
ROGERS AND HIS ATTOR
NEY. BARCLAY HENLEY, BE
FORE JUDGE BAHKS.
, Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
cape*; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, E26 Sutter. •
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES (S3*
Our removable bridge work is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
¦J@^* Our $500 Plates
0^*^S^??^§££^llf palrjless extracting
\^J^P§2?J)clfcF^ dentist or> tb« Pa-
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
rainless Extraction 23o
Removable Brldgework fS.OO
Crowns »2.OO to SS.OO
Pure Gold Fillings #1.OO
Amalgam 50a
Gold and Flatlna fl.»
Silver Filllnsrs BO«
Mrs. Dr. R. L. "Walsh will attend to tlii
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. L,. WALSH,
Si;*; GEART ST., between Hyde and Larkla
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sunday*,
& to 12. Telephone Polk 1135.
4- Room Furniture
FOR $9|L
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 rood Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattreaa, I
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR — & pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Set.
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Tabl*
6 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN-l Patent Tabl«. 1 No. T Star*. 1
Chairs.
No extra charr* on credit.
— MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS.—
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESFIO ; Mew Ytrk. E. rOCOEBJi * CO
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of tha
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts ar.d luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them thetr
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans. ¦
DR.MCNULTY.
rpiIIS WELb-KXOWN AND RELIABT.F.OLD
J. .Specialist eurr* Private. Nervous, and Ulood Dis-
eases of Men oii/v. Boo* on Trivate .Diseases and
Wraknesses of -M*-n. f rep. Over -0 y 'rV experience.
1'ulipn Mctirptbu Home. Terms renwnnhle. HoursB
tr».Td:iily:ft.TOto3::»» ev'jta. Stimlnvs, lOtnll. Cnnmil-
tationfreereiKlMu-redlyconfldentinJ. Call.oraddress
P. KOSrOK Jlf.M'l.TY, it. I>.
JiG'i Kcarny St., San Francisco, Cal.
KBVV WESTERN HOXEU
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
*» modeled and renovated. XING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to Jl 30 day:
$."i to %S week: $S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
anil cold water every r^om: ore grates in every
room: elevator run.« all nl^ht.
VA/. T. HESS.
*.0TAaY HUJuiZ iiHj ATTORNS?- A r-MW,
Tentii Floor. Room 101a. Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. 821 California »c. below PowtU.
Ean Francisco.
III. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We call attention to our Window Displau of
above goods.
Housekeepers will save from $1.50 to $5,00 per
pair in purchasing their Blankets now.
This week we will commence on? ANNUAL
SALE of FINE WHITE BLANKETS, and will
offer them much cheaper than theu can be
touaht for later in the season, These Blankets
were all made to our special order bu the
Golden Gate Woolen Mills of this cltu. .Theu
are all mire wool, with handsome borders.
The ends are bound with fine silk ribbon, 3
inches in width,
Theu are in all sizes, from 5 feet to 7 feet 6
inches wide, and the prices are from S>3.'75
to $15.00 per pair.
SPECIAL NOTICE,
ADVERTISEMENTS.