PETERSBURG, July 17 (Censored by Russian Government). — There is no doubt
ft,ja now that China has declared war against Russia. Hostilities are beginning, the end ol
•-._ which it is impossible to see.
Probably it will require a long time for the truth to filter through to Europe, but the sit
uation in Eastern Siberia is extremely grave — as critical, indeed, as it well can be. The Boxers
. — or. rather, the regular Chinese troops (for these are doing the real fighting) — have seized a
Russian transport boat, laden with munitions, near Aigun, on the River Amur, and fired on and
killed almost the entire Russian escort. They next made a sudden attack upon Blagoveschensk,
bombarding the town. The garrison held out bravely, but was overwhelmed, and nearly all per
ished. The town was burned.
It was on July I that the news readied the general staff that this declaration of war had
: been made by China at the town of Aigun. on the Amur. In consequence of this General Gri
bovski attempted to push his way through to Aigun on the steamer Gelenga, but found at that
point, twelve miles from Aigun, further progress barred by the Chinese, who had thrown up
fortifications, in which had. been placed forty guns. Consequently he had to relinquish the at-"
The situation in Manchuria has become very critical since the bombardment of Blagoves
chensk and the holding up of the Russian transport with munitions. On the Eastern Siberian
Railway almost all the stations have been burned to : the ground, bridges destroyed and tracks torn
up. The Russian Consul at Kulttsha has telegraphed urgently for reinforcements.
-- NEW YORK, July 17. — The Journal has this from St. Petersburg: China's acts of hostil
ity in Manchuria are considered tantamount to a declaration of war against Russia, even if the for
mal declaration has not already been made.
Leading firms of Moscow received news that their warehouses filled with tea and silk at
Kalgan had been plundered and burned by the Chinese. The goods destroyed were valued »at
$5,000,000.
Special Cable to Tlie Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by. ths Herald Publishing Company.
Town on the Siberian Border Bombarded
and Its' garrison Annihilated After
a Brave Defense.
CHINA HAS DECLARED
WAR AGAINST RUSSIA
FRENCH OFFICERS TORTURED BY CHINESE IN YUNNAN.
t From Le Petit Journal.
• THE ABOVE GIVES AN ILLUSTRATION* OF ONE OF THE MILDER FORMS OF TORTURE PRACTICED
BY THE CHINESE. INTO THE SPLIT IN THE TOP- OF A POST THE VICTIMS THUMB 13 THRUST AND BY
TWISTING A ROPE PASSED AROUND THE POST WITH A LEVER PRESSURE IS APPLIED TO SUIT THE TOR
MENTORS.
FORTY FOREIGNERS REPORTED KILLED
IN A LATE MASSACRE AT TAI YUEN-FU
Minister Wu Receives a Cablegram Signed
by Director Sheng and Two Viceroys De
claring That Foreigners in Peking Were
Still Safe on the Ninth of July.
& ASHIXGTOX, July 17. — The Chinese Minister has received a dispatch from the Chinese Minister at London, authen
fiJ/Bf ticated by Sheng. the Imperial Inspector of Telegraph and Posts at Shanghai, and by two Viceroys, declaring that the
foreigners in Peking were safe on July 9, and were receiving the protection of the Government. This is two days after the
reported massacre. Minister Wu has laid the message before Secretary Hay. It- is as follows:
"The utmost efforts have been made to protect foreign Ministers, who were
well on the 13th (Chinese calendar, corresponding to our July 9). If the city of Tientsin
should be destroyed it would be difficult to restore the same in 1OO years. Requestthe
powers to preserve it, as the consequences would affect Chinese and foreign com
merce. Earl Li Hung Chang is transferred to North China as Viceroy to Chi Li. Please
transmit this dispatcn to the Ministers at other capitals/'
This dispatch, which is dated July 16, was signed by Viceroys Liu Kun Yi and Chang Chih Tung of Nanking and Wu
Chang, respectively, and also by Sheng, director of posts and telegraphs at Shanghai. It was addressed to the Chinese Minis
ter in London, and by him transmitted to Minister Wu under to-day's date.
Minister Wu received the dispatch about 11 o'clock this morning, and was greatly pleased at the satisfactory turn of
events. He started at once for the State Department, where he remained with Secretary Hay for some time. Besides pre
senting to Mr. Hay the contents of his dispatch, Minister Wu also officially executed the direction for an appeal to the powers
not to destroy the walled city of Tientsin. So far as the United States is concerned, there has been no purpose to wantonly de
stroy this walled city, although the latest news from the scene of action indicates that the walls themselves have been battered
down and a considerable portion of the city destroyed. Mr. Wu said afterward that he feared the destruction of the city was little i
short of complete.
The Minister expressed the most complete confidence in the accuracy of the message showing that the foreign Minis
ters were well on the, 9th inst. When a bystander expressed some doubt on this subject, Mr. Wu inquired with some warmth:
"Why is it you believe the exaggerated reports coming from unknown sources and yet you choose to doubt this report,
signed by our highest officials and containing: inherent evidence of accuracy?" •
The Minister went on to show that this dispatch contained three distinct statements. One of them, the appointment of
Li Hung Chang as Viceroy of Chi Li, had been confirmed already by the State Department. Moreover, he said, all three state
ments bore evidence of having originated at Peking, including that as to Li Hung Chang, whose appointment necessarily must
originate with the Government at Peking. •
The State Department officials are anxious to accept Wu's message as accurate, but there are some clouds of doubt
about it. The question naturally arises, as it has many times in the past two weeks, If the Chinese Government can communi
cate in this way with its representatives abroad, why can it not permit the foreign Ministers represented to be under its protection
also to communicate with their governments? In answer to another question as to what purpose would be served by a misrepre
sentation of facts in this fashion, it is pointed out that one result desired by the Chinese would be the preservation of Tientsin,
and another would be the abatement of the popular resentment against the Chinese — temporarily at least. Li -Hung Chang will
replace as Viceroy of the great province of Chi Li a man who has been notoriously anti-foreign in his sentiments and actions.
0 ' ffcASHIXGTOX, July 17. — Admiral Remey this morning cabled the Navy Department that the city and forts of Tien
gUtJ^ir. are in the hands of the allies. His list of killed and wounded is somewhat fuller than yesterday's report, but still
not entirely complete. His dispatch follows:
"CHEFU, July 17. — To-day hope to get wounded from Tientsin either in hospitals at Taku or aboard Soiace. Com
munication very uncertain. Following casualties apparently confirmed:
"Marines — Captain Davis killed: Captain Lemley, Lieutenants Butler and Leonard wounded.
"Army — Colonel Liscum killed; Majors Reagan and Lee, Captains Noyes, Brewster and Bookmiller, Lieuten
ants Xaylor, Lawton, Hammond and Waldron wounded. Total killed and wounded reported, 775. Russians and Japanese lost
heavily. Our total loss reported. 215. About forty marines, but number believed to be exaggerated. Have officer on shore
especially to get authentic number of names, which will be promptly telegraphed. City and forts now in hands of allies. Admiral
Sevmour returned to fleet. Officer ashore is 1 Admiral Alexiefif at Tientsin. REMEY."
This bulletin was received at the Navy Department early this morning and was copied for distribution about 9 o'clock.
Before it was given out it was decided to make some change in the copy, the nature of which was not disclosed, and the fore
going was finally given to the public.
Admiral Remey Confirms the News of the
Tientsin Victory and Reports Heavy Loss
Sustained by American Soldiers and
Marines in the Attack.
"When the arsenal had been evacuated by the Chinese the Americans, French and Japanese and Welsh Fusiliers advanced toward the native city and joined with the other attacking forces. The Japanese infantry and mounted
battery advanced to the foot of the walls, supported by the Americans and French. Despite valiant attacks, the allies were only able to hold the positions gained outside the walls preparatory to renewing the assault in the morning.
"The casualties sustained by the allies were exceedingly heavy, especially those to Americans, French and Japanese. Several explosions in the native city were caused by the bombardment. The Chinese appear to have ex
hausted their supply of smokeless powder, as they are now using black powder.
"The guns of the allies did immense damage to the native city, causing many large conflagrations and finally silenced the majority of the enemy's guns simultaneously. Then 1500 Russians, assisted by small parties of
Germans and French, assaulted and captured eight guns that were in position on the railway embankment and the fort, the magazine of which the French subsequently blew up. A body of American, British, Japanese and Austrian troops
then made a sortie and attacked the west arsenal, which the Chinese had reoccupied. After four hours of the hardest fighting yet experienced, the Chinese fled.
XONDON, July 17. — The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail sends the following, under date of July 17:
"The allied troops resumed the attack upon the Chinese walled city of Tientsin on the morning of July 14 and succeeded in breaching the walls and captured all the forts.
"The Chinese were completely routed and the allies took possession of the native city and its defenses. .
"The total losses of the allies in the engagement of Thursday. Friday and Saturday were about 800 killed and wounded. The casualties were greatest among the Russians and Japanese.
ALLIES ROUT THE CHINESE AFTER DESPERATE FIGHTING
AND TAKE POSSESSION OF THE TIENTSIN DEFENSES
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 4S.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 19OO.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
SHANGHAI, July 17. — Taotai Sheng, director of telegraphs, denies that he has received confirmation of the reports
of a massacre in Peking. - - » _• '
SHENG DENIES THAT HE RECEIVED
CONFIRMATION OF PEKING HORROR
LOXDOX, July 18. — According to a dispatch from Shanghai to the Daily Mail; dated yesterday, a massacre occurred
on July 9 at Tai Yuen-Fu, capital of the province of Sharisi, forty foreigners and a hundred native converts being killed.
The San Francisco Call.COMMANDER DRAKE
ORDERED TO CHINA
Special Dispatch to The Call. > ¦; ' ¦ , •
VALLEJO, July 17. — Commander Frank
lin J. Drake, long of Mare Island, has
been ordered to China on August 1. Com
mander Drake has been the ordnance of
ficer at Mare Island for some time, and It
was his foresight that enabled this Gov
ernment to furnish Admiral Dewey with
ammunition, at that critical time when
every hour counted in the Spanish-Ameri
can war. Commander Drake, seeing that
the department would be unable to fur
nish canvas ammunition sacks enough to
supply the great demand, took the grave
responsibility of ordering the sacks from
San Francisco firms, taking the whole af
fair upon his own shoulders. This Is but
a slight instance of the extraordinary dis
cretion shown by this able officer, and
¦when he arrives in China he will be a
valuable addition to the already capable
force of officers who are there at present.
MAY RECALL MISSIONARIES.
NEW YORK, July 17.— The board of
management of the Missionary Society
of the M. E. Church at its. monthly meet
ing, to-day passed a resolution giving full
authority to the* secretary with the China
committee to recall all missionaries of the
society now in China If it should at any
time, deem It .wise to do so. The resolu
tion authorizes the expenditure of any
sums necessary to effect the purpose.
CAPTAIN OF THE MONOCACY
IN CHARGE AT TONGKU
VICTORIA, B. C, July lT.-The steamer
Empress of India to-night brings news of
the arrival of the Japanese steamer
Korko Maru at Chefu, carrying seventy
three missionaries and their families who
were on duty at the British churches.
1'hey had been chased about by mobs and
in their flight they had to pass two nights
In small boats. . . •
Captain Wise of the. American cruiser
Monocacy has been appointed by the. al
lied forces as superintendent of Tongku.
He Is to undertake the duty of supervis
ing the operation of the railway trains for
the purpose of sending provisions and am
munition to the front.
Mrs. James, a lady missionary who has
returned from Tientsin and Taku and who
was present at the bombardment, says
that -while the Tientsin station was being
fired on on the 14th of June she and many
other women with children, were awak
ened at 4 a. m. and after spending the
early morning in the compound of the
town hall, were sent to Tongku on flat
cars. She was on the ship during the bom
bardment with a number of other women
and children. The residents of Taku who
were on the Monocacy say the roar of
cannon was deafening. The marines went
ashore the day after the capture of the
.fort and the ruins were covered with
blood. Headless and armless bodies wefe
strewn overywhere and the bluejackets
gathered them and cremated them in
heaps.
ENGINEER CORPS TO GO.
FISHKILL, LANDING. X. Y., July 17.—
Companies C and D of the engineer eorp3
arrived at "West Point to-day. They are
under; orders to leave for China next
Monday, together with all engineers at
"West Point. =¦ " j '-¦¦':'¦ : * '¦> j: ; 'v:
day* after their reported mas^acie.
•While this cablegram is not regarded
?.« conclusive, it is accepted in good faith
for the present. Bui the administration,
it can be definitely stated, has srt in mo
jton some machinery by which it is con
fidently predicted absolutely authentic
iK«'s as to the fate of our Minister and
the other foreigners at Peking will be as
certained. Through what channel the ad
ministration expects to receive this all
important news Is not known, but that _a
'infinite statement of the situation in Pe
king is daily, hourly expected can be
stated with the utmost positiveness.
The advices rc-crlved from Peking prob
ably will be a determining factor in blaz
ing the future couito of this Government.
Jf Minister Conger has been murdered an
rxtro. session of Congress seems Inevit
able.
Secretary Pvoot furnished to the Cabi
net a summary of the troops available
riot alone in this country but In Cuba and
tlie Philippines. It is his opinion that be
tween 10.000 and 12,oo<) troops in all couid
be sparrtl for service in China. These re
inforcements arc to be rushed through -at
the earliest po5sible moment. Most if not
all «f them, It is believed, can be landed
by the end of Augrust or tarly In Septem
ber. One Cabinet officer said that beyond
reach Peking. Once there, they can be
depended upon, according to the best in
formation, to exact whatever penalty ap
pears to be the most striking and ef
fective.
This morning's news of the success of
the allied forces at Tientsin, though that
success has been dearly bought, appears
to clear the air somewhat. This victory
over the Chinese, it is hoped, will enable
the allies to resume pfeparatrons for an
advance, especially as to-day it is official
ly announced that the Japanese force of
22,900 will all be disembarked by July 19
at the latest. The suggestions of scatter
ing the forces throughout China in pur
suit of the Boxers emanate wholly from
irresponsible quarters. In official circles
there Is a full realization of the neces
sity of having the coast towns occupied
and pecure before proceeding to Peking.
The only course open to the powers is to
remain in the capital until fanaticism
¦wears itself out and the elements of an
orderly native government begin to
emerge.
According to a Shanghai dispatch pub
lished here to-day. 100.000 Chinese troops,
armed with Mauser rifles and modern ar
tillery, are encamped at three points
within forty miles of Shanghai, ready to
besiege the town in the event of an at
tack by the Europeans upon the Woo
Sung forts.
According to a telegram from Chefu re
ceived here to-day, 170 of the allied troop3
were killed in the assault upon the native
city of Tientsin. ; i '~';; "v;,-"^- >;--- "O.,---. " : .
cept fvo to join In a lengthy memorial to
the throne to secure the safety of all for
eigners in Peking, suppress the Boxers,
end the present conflict and make fall and
thorough reparation for the damage done
and lives lost.
, To the American Consul, who had in
quired about accurate intelligence con
cerning the actual safety at this date ot
the foreign Ministers, the Viceroy an
swered that he had had no news from
Peking within the last week. His pre
vious advices had assured him then of
their safety. It they were alive he was
almost certain th.it matters could b© sat
isfactorily arranged with the allied pow
ers.
"If they are dead"— here he shrugged
his shoulders significantly and added with
lowered voice — "it is hard to tell what
may happen. I am going to Peking prac
tically unarmed, except for my body
guard of two hundred men," he added.
"That ought to be evidence to the whole
world that I do not favor any fighting
and of my pacific intentions."
He was evidently' exceedingly Rnxious
about the Ministers, for, returning to the
subject, he said.
"My heart is sore about them. I know
them all personally and am on the best
of terms with them."
News of Li Hung Chang's coming de
parture has caused a fresh exodus of
wealthy natives and foreigners and has
intensified the feeling of uneasiness.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New York
Herald Company. Rspublication of this dispatch, is prohibited. All
rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
LONDON, July IS.-— The Daily 'Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from
its special correspondent:
CANTON, Monday, via Hong
kong, July 17.-In reply to the British,
French. American and Portuguese Con
suls, who officially visited him in a body
this morning. Viceroy I^i Hung Chang in
sisted that his departure for the north,
which is fixed for Tuesday, has a two-fold
object — namely to save the lives of foreign
Ministers in Peking and to arrange the
best terms for peace possible with the
allied powers. He assured the Consuls
that he had taken all precautions against
any uprising. He added that he had re
ceived important cable messages from
Lord Salisbury and the French Foreign
Minister, M. Delcasse, identical in tcne
and demanding full protection* from in
jury and Insult of foreign Ministers in
Peking and threatening to take life for
life of high officials responsible if the
Ministers were murdered.
Li Hung Chang informed the Consuls
that he was the only Viceroy or high dig
nitary in all China who dared to transmit
such messages to the Empress and that
he had sent them verbatim. She received
them and he had no doubt whatever that
they have exerted powerful influence in
saving the Ministers' lives. As Doyen
(meaning senior Viceroy) of Chinese
Viceroys, tie says, he has induced by per-
I suasion and advice all the Viceroys ex-
CHINA'S GREAT STATESMAN
WILL TRY TO SAVE LIVES
WILL BE COMMANDER IN CHIEF
OF THE INTERNATIONAL FORCES
The Black Flag chief, Lui Yee, is mov
ing his forces preparatory to marching
overland to Peking. The Chinese are glad
of this, as they think Canton will be safer
without Lui Yee while Li Hung Chang is
away.
HONGKONG. July 17.— All the foreign
Consuls in Canton had an interview with
Li Hung Chang on July 15. but failed to
dissuade him from going north. Li Hung
Cheng is said to have accepted full re
sponsibility for any disturbance in Can
ton during his absence. He takes the
viceregal seal along with him. thus pre
venting the issue of proclamations while
he is away. Li Hung Chang is expected
to fcach Hongkong to-day and will see
the Governors to-morrow. Soon afterward
he will proceed northward.'
at Peking was still standing on July 3,
nnd also that Li Hung Chang left Canton
this morning to take supreme command
at Peking.
boats have arrived at Canton."
Tlio appointment is regarded here as
particularly sipntfirant. as the province
of Chi 1A is the seat of practically all of
the present trouble. Pao Ting Is the cap
ital of the province, but within its bor
ders are, locatrd Peking, the capital of the
empire, and Tientsin, where the first great
battle has just occurred. LI Hung Chang
is known not to desire service so far
north, as he maintains he has less influ
ence in that section of China than in his
present Vieeroyalty, the holdei'B of which
are at Canton. It is deemed probable,
howevery that he has been persuaded to
take th<- appointment in view. of the fact
that he. is the most influential Chinaman
among foreign nations.
LOXDOX, July 17.— William Pritchard-
Mqrgan, member of Parliament for
Merthyr Tydvil, to-day received by cable
positive assurances from a source upon
which he relies that the British legation
tenant In the regular army July 1?. ISO',
and wa? promoted to first lieutenant
March 2. 1S&. . '---' .
Lieutenant Waldron is a native of u e*t
Virginia. He served as quartermaster
pertreant in the First West \ irglnia \ ol
unteers during the Spanish war. and was
appointed second lieutenant in the regular
establishment April 10, 1S0S.
NO TROOPS WILL BE
REQUIRED FROM CANADA
OTTAWA. Ontario. July 17.— At to-day's
session of the House Mr. Bourassi asked
whether It was the Intention of the Gov
ernment to send Canadian troops to take
part in the pr ps ent war against China,
and If so. would action be taken without
the Government first consulting Parlia
ment. .
. -Sir Wilfrid Laurier in reply thought that
the allied powers of Europe would be able
to handle the business In China without
any assistance from Canada. He of coursa
could not say that there might not ariso
such a state of affairs in Canada and such.
a popular demand be made throughout the
country similar to that in regard to South
Africa as would call for immediate action.
In any event the Government ma not in
tend to propose any new legislation thia
season. r; . ...
"We do not intend," the Premier added,
"to have any war or to send any contin
gent to take part in any way in the Chi
nese war. but should the occasion arise,
and I hope it may not. and a feelin?
shculd take shape In the country of suffi
cient strength and Importance to call for
action, the Government will then consider
Itself In duty bound to summon a special
session of Parliament for the purpose oC
considering the advisability of contribut
ing Canadian aid to the allied forces la
China."
CHAFFEE TO BE MADE^
A MAJOR GENERAL
WASHINGTON, July 17.— President Mc-
Kinley. upon his return to Washington,
will promote Brigadier General Adna R.
Chaffee to be a major general of volun
teers, in consequence of the decision ar
rived at by the Cabinet meeting- to retain;
General Chaftee In supreme command. It
wa3 made possible by the legal decision
obtained that the promotion of Lieuten
ant General Miles and the resultant pro
motions caused a vacancy In the grade oC
major general t>f volunteers. Lieutenant
General Miles had recommended that Ma
jor General John C. Bates be sent to Taku,
but members of the Cabinet are all satis
fled with General Chaffee.
It is expected, in view of the large in
crease in the American force, that at least
three brigadier generals will be sent to
command brigades under General Chaf
fee. and among those mentioned are Brig
adier General Frederick D. Grant. Briga
dier General B. P. Hall and Brigadier
General J. M. Bell. -•-
America the Only Nation in
a Position to Cany 'On
an Extended Campaign in
the Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON". July 17.— While a lack of suf
ficient troops to make up an effect
ive army in China, without drawing
tco strongly on the forces in the Philip
pines and in Cuba. Is the principal diffi
culty with which the United States Is con
fronted, other powers engaged in the pa
cification of China will encounter finan
cial difficulties if the campaign is greatly
prolonged. A high official of the adminis
tration, discussing this phase of the ques
tion to-day, said:
"The fact cannot be denied that the
allied powers are totally unprepared in
available, well-equipped forces and in
well-provided budgets for a conflict of the
magnitude threatened. The war in South
Africa has drained England of her sol
diers and the English and native troop3
In India are required for the maintenance
of order and the protection of northern
borders from Incursions. Russian fin
ances are taxed to their utmost to meet
the vast outlays for the construction of
the Siberian and Russians forces
may be required to protect her Interests
in Manchuria to such an extent as to be
of little value in the main occupation. The
German and French governments are not
prepared for an expensive foreign war.
There is no trouble in providing men; the
difficulty will be to get them to the thea
ter of war on the other side of the globe
and to maintain them alter they get
"The reliance upon Japan to bear -the
brunt of the war, being nearest the scene
of action, does not, promise as much In
reality as It does on paper. The finances
of the empire are in a bad condition,
owing to the vast outlays Incident to the
recent war with China, and the expendi
tures for the military .and naval increase
necessitated by the unsettled state of
affairs in Korea, and complications likely
to arise. "
"The United States, acting of its own
volition and without alliances other than
In the nature of co-operation. Is the only
nation ready to meet ,the issue, so far as
her own Interests are concerned. Of
course, there is common cause in punish
ing the crime of Peking, and for that pur
pose a sufficient force will be organized
and forwarded to the seat of war."
OTHER OFFICERS WHO
¦ FELL BEFORE TIENTSIN
Admiral Remey's I/ist of Casualties
Contains Additional
Names.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— In <he list of
casualties forwarded in Admiral Remey's
telegram to-day are six names not men
tioned in yesterday's advices.' namely.
Major Jesse M. Lee, Captain Andrew \V.
Brewster, First Lieutenants Lewis B.
Lawton, ¦William K. Naylor and Harold
Hammond and Second Lieutenant William
Waldron.
< Major Lee is a native of Indiana. He
entered the volunteer service in Novem
ber, 1S61, and served throughout the Civil
War. rising to the rank of captain. He
was appointed a second lieutenant in the
regular army July 28. 1866, reaching his
majority April 26. 1S9S. He has held a
volunteer command as commander of the
Tenth United States Infantry during the
Spanish war.
Captain Stewart is a- native of New
Jersey and was appointed to the army
from Pennsylvania. He was commis
sioned second lieutenant in the Tenth In
fantry in January. 1895. He held a vol
unteer command as captain and assistant
quartermaster during the Spanish war,
and» was promoted to captain In the reg
ular establishment March 2. 1899.
Lieutenant Lawton is a native of Iowa,
but was appointed to the Military Acad
emy from New York. He was commis
sioned second lieutenant in 1SS3 and was
promoted to first lieutenant April 26, 1898.
Lieutenant Hammond ii» a native of
Illinois. He was appointed to the military
academy from that State. He was com
missioned second lieutenant April 6, 1S9S,
and ilrst lieutenant March 13. 1S39.
Lieutenant Naylor is a native of Illi
nois and was appointed to the regular
army from civil life. He was appointed
second lieutenant in the Fourteenth Min
nesota during the war with Spain, t He
received his -commission as second lieu-
POWERS IN A BAD
WAY FINANCIALLY
Appointed Viceroy of Chi Li Province and 'His Pres=
, emice Will Have a Salutary Effect an
QpelHrtg the Boxers,
Wf ASHINGTON. July 17. - The
State Department has bulle
tined the following:
"The Secretary of State has
received a dispatch from Consul
Mc"»Yade at Cantcn informing him that
the Viceroy. Li Hung Chang, sailed to-day
for Hongkong. He revived an edict last
night appointing him Viceroy of Chi LI and
commanding his immediate presence
there. Fears are entertained at Canton
that his absence may give occasion for
disturbance of the peace. French gun-
LI HUNG CHANG PLACED
TO COMMAND AT PEKING
THE WALLED CITY, TIENTSIN, CAPTURED BY THE ALLIES.
This picture was made from a drawing in Allyom's "Picturesque China," which was made about the time the first
Kuropean concessions were laid off (French and British). The city was some distance back from the river and inclosed
by a wall three miles in circuit and forty-five feet high, with about the same thickness at the base. This is what has
been breached, stormed and captured by the allied forces, according to the recent reports.
In the foreground of the picture the banks of the Peiho River arc seen in their natural state. Since the drawing
was made, however, the foreign concessions have been laid out and built up along the river, a tunnel constructed and
the whole aspect of the foreground changed. With the advent of the foreigners and the opening of the treaty
port, the population has more than trebled itself, and now the walled city contains but a. portion of the million or
mcire people living in Tientsin. The. added native town covers an area five times as great as that included in the old
Avails, and the whole aggregation on both sides of the river and of the Grand canal, which has its northern terminus
here, is surrounded by a mud wall thirty feet high, which until lately was kept in quite good repair. The railroad sta
tion and arsenal are on the north side of the river, from which the picture was made. \
WASHINGTON. July 17.— A decid
edly more hopeful feeling wi'h
regard to the Chinese situation
was apparent in all administra
tion circles this evening. The
tide of sentiment, which had been mark
rrf]y pessimistic, turned with the an
rouncement of the victory of the allies at
Tientsin and the capture of the fort? and
native city, and gathered further Ftrong'h
from Minister Wus cablegram d*-c!ari-iK
that the foreign Ministers at rekir.R were
safe on July <». Aside from these dis
patches the arrival of the President and
the Facial Cabinet m^etlrg caJ'ed to cor;
fider the situation were the features of
the day. The Cabinet met at 2:30 t.'us
afternoon, lers than an hour after the
President reached the White House. Over
e hundred r.rwfpaper men thronged tho
corridors while the Cabinet # was sitting
brhind closed doors. The sc<«n«> resemble-1
the hottest day? of th» Spanish war.
There were present Secretaries Hay. Root.
Long. Gage and Postmaster General
Pmith.
At the conclusion of the session, which
!as'fd two and a half Secretary
Root gave out the following formal state
meni of the action of the Cabinet:
"The Prescient has determined that the
fart? row known to us do not require or
justify calling an estra session of Cot
jrress. Should future developments inai
cate that he is unable to do what is re
quired with the means now at his com
mand and that action of Congress is
necessary to furnish either men or money
cr authority he will not hesitate to call
St together."
"Wu's Information Credited.
The decision that an extra session r>f
Congress was rot demandod by existing
conditions was the outcome of the show
ing ¦which both Secretary Root and Sec
retary J/ong were able to make as to the
force that can be thrown into China with
out the authorization of additional troni.=;
by Congress, ar.d a'so the decidedly mme
hopeful feeling entertained by the Pre?i
dent and the members of his Cabinet as
to the safety of Minister Conger and toe
fi:hT foreigners in Peking, due to tha
cablegram to Minister Wu, reporting th •
FJifety of the Ministers on July 9, two
President McKinley and the Cabi
net Decide "That the Resources
Now at Their Command Will He
Ample — Reinforcements Will
Be Hurried to China From Cuba
and the Philippines.
thr-se soldiers already rfrsiined for China
from the Philippines no further troops
from the Islands would bo withdrawn un
less the situation became much mere om
inoup.
More Marines to Be Sent.
In figuring upon the^ number of nddi
tional marines available; Secretary Long
summoned to the Cabinet meeting Gen
eral Haywood, who commands the marine
rorps and v.ho '-•= familiar with every de
tail of that branch of the service. He ex
plained that under the existing law the
full strength of the marine enrp.* i? 0000.
Hut the enlistments .at the present, time
aggregate only about 500Ql Th!« makes an
additional iooo marines who can be
brought into the service without Congres-
PTcr.nl action. Xo orri^r for recruiting
the?<» men is necesFat;-. as tho recruiting
stations are not in operation, but in the
prerence of the Cabinet Secretary Lnrg
directed CJ^n^ral Haywood to use' his ut
most endeavors to complete the recruit
ing of tho additional 1000 marines. It was
decided also that the battalion of ma
rines, ffift in number, which was to have
left for the Var Iuast it th<* end of the
month. Fhould go forward on n^xt Sun
flay, in command of Major Randolph
Dickens.
A cablcprnrn to Admiral Rfmoy, call
ing for Forr.o additional information upon
which to act. was 'ornmlnt^d at the Cabi
net meting and dispatched at one. An
other meeting of the Cabinet may be held
to-morrow. It la the present purpcrc ci
the Prr-Fidrnt to return to Canton on
Thursday evening, unless his presence
here is dr-emM necessary at that time.
EUROPEAN JOURNALS
INDULGE IN WILD TALK
WASHINGTON, July 17.— Europe.in
journal* are to-day indulging in a great
deal of wild t3ik. crediting the power?
with baying decided to lay Peking in
a?hep. remove the capital to Canton ani
hang the Empress and Prince Tiian. but
the writer? fail to take into the account
the difficulties which would attend BUCb
undertakings. However^ the chancellories
fully recognize tho magnitude of the ta>~k
confronting th" crrat powers. As a mat
ter of fact, as has already been pointc-1
out in these dispatches, the only thought
fcr the moment of the powers is how to
Ample Provision Made for the
Equipment and the Comfort of
America's Fighting Force in
China — Splendid Medical and
Hospital Service, Warm Winter
Clothing and Good Food.
WASHINGTON, July 17. -The ad
jutant general's office to-night
made public a detailed state
ment showing the provision
made by the War Department
in the equipment of the expeditionary
force «ent by the United States to China.
The strength of this force in. all the arms
of the service aggregates 10,665. It is pos
sible that this force may be further aug
mented to the extent of two or three
thousand men.
The Ninth Infantry, in addition to four
medical officers and twenty members of
the Hospital Corps, has with, it a full
regimental field hospital and an addition
al field outfit for fifty beds. The Four
teenth Infantry and Light Battery arc
provided with a Held hospital of twenty
five beds. In addition to this there has
been shipped already a general field hos
pital of 300 beds, medical supplies for 5000
men fcr three months and a hospital fund
of $50,000. The Grant,. sailing July 3 with
the Sixth Cavalry and the Sumner or.
July 16, carried eighteen medical officers
and seventy-eight hospital corps men.
w.hile Major Stevenson, one of the medical
officers, has been provided with a S50.00C
medical fund and $10,000 hospital fund.
The Meade_will sail on August 1 with not
less than eight medical officers and a field
hospital of fifty beds. The details for
the Hancock's sailing on August 16 are
not yet complete.
Food for the Fighters.
The Commissary Department has made
preparations to feed a force of marine?
and seamen engaged in shore service in
China. Fifty thousand dollars in gold for
use in China has been invoiced to the
chief commissary at Manila. Major II. J.
Gallagher has boen detailed to report to
General Chaffee as chief commissary of
the troops in China. Owing to the proba
ble scarcity of fresh supplies on shore
the department has had recourse again
to canned beef, but for the present cam
paign it has been put in the form of beef
stew, corned beef and corned b«>ef hash
and sufficient vegetables have been canned
with it to obviate the difficulty experi
enced in Cuba, where the troops were
forced to eat boef from the cans without
further cooking.
Major George F. Scrlven has been or-
» dererl to report to General Chaffee as chief
officer of the signal command. Chief Siff
1 nal Officer Greely recommends that Cap
! tain Kdward B. Ives and Lieutenant
I Charles B. Rogan be relieved from duty
I in Cuba in order to report here, pending
I orders to China.
i Troops leaving the States for China will
carry a complete outfit of comfortabla
clothing, in addition to their regulation
clothing and tentage. Owing to the se
vere weather that may be expected in
I Northern China during the winter, the
| expedition will carry MOO Sibley stove?.
ST.0O overcoats. COno pairs of Arctic over
! shoes. 5000 blanket-lined canvas hooda and
'other extra heavy winter. clothing in pro
j portion sufficient for the oOi'H) men.
The quartermaster's department has al-
I ready shipped all the mounts for th<3
i Sixth Cavalry, two completely equipped
¦ pack trains of 1<X> mules each and supplies
for the same for 196 days. There are en
route to Seattle 400 mules and 2% aparre
ir»<? to be shfooed whenever needed.
Two LHstilling Plants.
To secure suitable drinkins water for
the troops on shore 100 sterilizers, capac
ity twenty-five Rations per hour, will ba
1 sent to San Francisco as soon as posslblp.
The Mrade on August 1 will carry two
distilling plants, capacity 600 gallons pop
¦ day each. It is contemplated to send ad-
I ditlonal distilling plants as rapidly as pos
sible, having In view the supply for ac
least 6000 men.
Animal ships have been chartered an. I
will be fitted up as fast as possible ta
carVy about 4000 animals.
The chief of ordnance furnishes a list
of officers and material which will b*
available for use in China. He report*
that there is an abundant supply of am
munition for small arms and machine
puns of rifle caliber on hand for a pm
lon^d war on a large scale. For the
siege guns there are from 4<X> to s&> round3
per pun now available and additional or
ders have been placed for more. For tha
regular service field suns. 3.2-lneh type,
there are available for the fourteen bat
teries .*>W rounds per (fun. and provision
has been made to keep up the supply in
definitely. , . ,„
Two complete six-sun batteries of l_
pound Vlekers-Maxim Runs, with Six)
rounds. of ammunltlonper gun. have been
ordered in England. Two other batterl^
of six guns each. 1-pounders of the sam*
make with 1000 rounds of ammunition per
cun also have been ordered in Knglani,
to be shipped to this country at the ear
liest possible moment.
CHINESE SITUATION REGARDED AS MORE FAVORABLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
2
CALX HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, July 17. — One thousand additional marines will swell the
American force that will aid the troops of th» other Governments
in establishing and maintaining 1 order in China. Five thousand men
will go from the Philippines as soon as arrangements for their trans
portation can be made, and additional troops will bs sent should
developments in China show a necessity for their presence. This was
the immediate result to-day of the meeting 1 of the Cabinet. Thtre
will be about 2500 American marines in China all told, and the total
American force will be about 19,000, with the Philippines to draw
on for 5000 more.
COUNT N'ODZU. FIELD MARSH AL OF THE JAPANESE ARMY, NOW
ON HIS WAY TO THE FRONT. WILL RANK ALL OFFICERS NOW IN
CHINA. THE OTHER OFFICERS WHOSE PORTRAITS ARE HERE
GIVEN COMMAND PORTIONS OF THE ALLIED ARMY.
', Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for uncounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done in the latest style. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. •
IA/. T. HESS.
K0TABT Padi.13 A5i> ATTOKSEY-AT-LAW. »
Tentii Floor, Room 1013, Claus SpreckeU BldV '
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 831 California at., below Paw.ii
Em Fr&nclaco.
Hood's Pills cure all liver ills. 15 cents.
Guard Your Health
Look Out for the Weak Points.
That feeling of debility, depression ana
want of energy; that sleeplessness; that
poor appetite; that pain after eating,
should be promptly attended to. Hood'a
Sarsaparilla will give relief and will pre-
vent the nervous prostration, chronic dys-
pepsia and other serious diseases that
would follow a persistent neglect of these j
symptoms. It is the safeguard of health
as well as the surest remedy for disease.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO., |
Specialists for Ailments of V.en, B
13 y*"*v Pi I
73IMARKET ST., SANsFRAXCISCO. |Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. July 17.— Up to a late
hour to-night no application had
been made upon Adjutant General
Searr.ans for a statement as to the
available troops as a basis for a
reply by Governor Gage to a request from
the War Department for Information.
Governor Gage Is still out of the city.
From an authoritative Source, however.
The Call correspondent learns to-night
that tba following troops are available:
Fifty companies of infantry (2SS8 officers
and men), composing five regiments of
Infantry with field, staff and band each,
COSS officers and men; four troops cavulry,
241 officers and men; three signal detach
ments, IN oflicers and men; grand total.
r.ot including division and brigade com
manders and staffs and Governor's staff.
3425
AUSTIN'. Tex.. July 17.— The Secretary
of War ct Washington has wired Adju
tant General Scurry, asking how many
troops Texas can furnish for a war in
China. General Scurry's reply was that
Texas could be rolled upon to furnish
any quota that the Government might call
for.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 17.-Gover
nor Mount to-day telegraphed President
McKinley offering the services o? three
regiments and three batteries of Indiana
artillery for the protection of Americana
In China.
FATE OF PAO TING-FU . ,
REFUGEES IN DOUBT
NEW YORK. July 17.— While hope for
the missionaries In Peking was practically
abandoned several days ago, there still
J remained a gleam of hope that the littie
r t>and reported on July 6 as at Pao Ting
le fu might have escaped the fate of their
lollesgrues in the fapital and that some
*who v.-<?re reported to nave gone to Peking
were detained and are - still at their sta-
CALIFORNIA CAN
PROVIDE TROOPS
Total Force of Three Thou
sand Men Available for
Senice Against the Boxers.
CHICAGO. July 17.— A special cable to
the Chicago Record from Moscow says:
According to a dispatch from Port Ar
thur the Manchurlan railway guard of
4000 Cossacks, together with 500 infantry,
is concentrating at Kharbin. where it will
await reinforcements that -will swell the
force to 20.000 before attacking the Box
ers collected Jn that region. M. Youge
vitch. chief engineer of the Manchurlan
railway; is supervising the fortifying of
Kharbin with trenches and barricades.
Admiral Alexieff has ordered several
cruisers to guard the Gulf of Pechiii In the
hope that some of the Chinese warships
may appear and give battle.
The Russian losses in. the field, during
the last two weeks are reported as: Killed
and wounded— Officers 7, infantrymen 220.
troopers 30.
The European warehouses at Niu
chwang have b»>en pillaged and burned.
The loss is 8.000.000 taels ($5,160,000) The tea
merchants of Kalgan are taking refuge in
CONFIRMATORY OF MASSACRE.
• PARIS. July 17.— The French Consul at
Shanghai cables under date of July 15
that the Taotal of Shanghai had com
municated to him a dispatch from the
Governor of Shantung stating that the
foreign legations at Peking were again
attacked July 7 by troops under General
Tuan after a sortie by a European de
tachment, and that all hope of saving
the foreigners seemed - lost.
A second telegram from the Consul
dated July 16, which arrived at the same
time as the one given above, says LI Hung
Chang denied the news relating to mas-'
sacres in Peking.
tions. But the lark of further news has
caused grave anxiety for the safety of
those at Pao Ting-fu.
The Belgian engineers who fled in the
first part of June and reached the coast
said that the missionaries had taken ref
uge in the house of the Chinese rulers,
but the uprising started in the Shantung
province and the Boxers. In order to reach
the capital, marched northward through
and by Pao Tinp-fu. which lies 100 mih-s
southwest of Peking, and Is the capital
of the province of Chi |A Unless secreted
by the Chinese rulers there seems little
chance that they have escaped.
The six Presbyterian missionaries re
ported on July 6 to be still In Pao Ting
fu were Rev. F. E. Simcox and Mrs. Sim
cox. Dr. G. Yardley Taylor Dr. and Mrs.
Corflandt Van Rensselaer Hodge and Dr.
Maud A. Mackay.
COSSACKS TO GUARD
MANCHURIAN RAILWAY
THE above picture, published in The Sketch from a recent photograph, shows
Elr Robert Hart at his desk in his of^ce at Peking. Sir Robert Hart was
born at Portadown. Armagh, Ireland, in 1S33. His genius for languages led
him to enter the British consular service, and at the age of 24 he obtained
a post !n the Chinese customs service. Four years later (1861) he was made
inspector general, which office he has held ever plnce, nearly forty years,
and whf-n he was appointed to that post there were only three treaty ports in Chi
na, while at the close of last year there were in his employ over 700 Europeans
and *>» Chinese in the land service, besides twenty armed customs cruisers, of
ficered by Europpans and manned by Chinese. He was a first-rate Chinese schol
ar, and r.o European ever possessed the authority among and commanded the re
spect of the Chinese, from the Dowager Empress down, that he did. His allowance
for the customs sor\-ice was some £4C>0.00r>. over the expenditure of which, as well
as the large staff of employes, he had absolute control.
Some time since he was made a mandarin of the highest rank and was deco
rated with a rod button, the double dragon and a peacock's feather. On account of
all these things many people are Inclined to believe that no matter what fate has
befallen the other Europeans in Peking. Sir Robert Hart has not been harmed.
UNCLE SAM wants transports, and
he wants them in a hurry. Offers
have been made to the owners of
the Australia, Zealandia, City of
Sydney, Colon, City of Para, Ohio, Sen
ator and City of Puebla, and the chances
are that all these vessels will be pressed
Into service as soon as they reach port.
The rush of troops to China has not yet
begun, but Inside of a fortnight the
United States can have 10,000 men on the
way to the Orient.
The Ohio is due here from Seattle and
the Australia from Honolulu. The Colon
will get here from Panama on the 20th.
while the City of Sydney and City of Para
will come here direct from Central Ameri
can ports, their places being taken by the
San Bias and San Juan, now laid up in
the stream.
The Senator and City of Puebla are now
in Puget Sound waters, and both can be
brought home Inside of a week. The
Zealandia is at Harrison-street wharf
ready for sea, and she will probably be
the rtrst of the new fleet to sail.
Every one of these vessels was a trans
port during the Spanish war. and every
one of them can be refitted almost at a
moment's notice. Should the situation
warrant all of them will be called upon,
and then there will be a general mix-up
in transport circles. The chances are that
the Oceanic Steamship Company will re
fuse to give up the Australia, as the
travel to Hawaii is very heavy at this
time of the year, but all the other vessels
can be secured, and Uncle Sam may take
the Australia, even though the owners
protest.
The transport Sumner and the chartered
steamer Californlan both got away for
the Orient yesterday afternoon. At least
two men who sailed on the Sumner are
under direct orders to join the forces
under Brigadier General Adna R. Chaffee
at Taku. These are Major "William
i Stephenson. surgeon In the regular army.
! and Second Lieutenant Joseph A. Baer.
j Sixth Cavalry- They received "hurry up"
orders from General Shafter Monday
night to board the Sumner and report to
General Chaffee upnn arrival at Taku.
The four companies of the Fifteenth.
Infantry, who also went out on the trans
port, in command of Colonel Edward
I Moale. were joined by the surgeons,
nurses and assistants of the Hospital
Corps, to whom orders -were given Mon
day, and also by the following: Major
Charles E. Cabell. Thirty-second 'Infan
try; Acting Assistant Surgeons Robert S.
Linn and Robert K. Llevers; Acting Hos
pital Steward Eutjene "Walter; Captain
Henry A. Peel. Thirty-second Infantry.
U. S. «V.; First Lieutenant Frederick E.
Glgnoux, Eleventh Cavalry, U. S. V.J
First Lieutenant Dennis P. Quinlan.
Squadron Philippine Cavalry. "V. S. V. ;
Second Lieutenant Cfcarlea S. Haight,
Fourth Cavalry, and Second Lieutenant
Alden C. Knowle?. Thirteenth Infantry.
In addition to these was Colonel Thomas
H. Barry, who will be adjutant general
of the forces in China.
The Sumner 13 to stop at Nagasaki on
the way, and officers and men all expect
orders to go from that point to China.
The Californlan Is not going to China.
From here she goes to Honolulu and
thence to Manila. She carries over 10.000
tons of cargo, and a great deal of It la
ammunition. The Sumner also took a big
supply of revolver and rapid-fire gun sup
plies, and was delayed three hours in tho
stream taking on an extra supply sent
out by the tug Fearless.
The Californlan was loaded In four days,
and the longshoremen say Captain Dunn
should go around with a feather in hia
cap. She was sent out on time.
The Californlan steamed up and down
the bay for nearly two hours before- she
proceeded to sea. Some said it was a
trial trip, others said It was a case of
awaiting orders. In any event, as soon
as the Sumner got under way. after re
ceiving her extra, supply of ammunition.
the Califoraian -was straightened, out on
her course and followed the troopship to
sea.
DENVER. Colo.. July 17.— Professor Van
Norman McGee, who has been in tho thick
of disturbances in China, is safe, at least
for the present. His father, Dr. B. A.
McGee, "to-day received. a dispatch from
him, sent from .Nagasaki, Japa*i, whera
he evidently went on leaving Tientsin.
As professor of civil engineering in the
Imperial University of China at Tientsin
Van Norman McGee was in the most pre
carious position when the Chinese Boxers
swept the Europeans and Americans from
the streets and drove them' to the foreign
concession. He barely escaped with his
life in one of Admiral Kempft's launches.
The party' was fired upon by the mob all
the way down the river to the foreigners'
place of refuge, the foreign concession.
Later, It appears from the cablegram re
ceived In Denver, he went to Nagasaki.
BUT RECENTLY APPOINTED.
July 17.— Lieutenant
Smedley Darlington Butler, who was
wounded in the engagement between the
allied forces and the Chinese, is a son of
Congressman Butler of Westchester, Pa.
He has Just passed his twenty-first year
and was appointed a second lieutenant
In the First Regiment of Marines 'two
years ago.
CHINESE LAUNDRY MOBBED.
VERDEN, Ills., July 17.— Enraged at tjie
news from China, a mob to-day attacked
a Chinese laundry here and demolished
the entire front of the building. Six shots
were fired - at the two Chinese laundry
men, but without effect. No arrests have
yet been made.
state of affairs. The air is full of rumors.
Every one is restless and asking for the
latest news.
"Friday morning. 6 o'clock. — I don't al
ways get up quite as early as this, but
we heard that all the mission churches In
Tientsin (the Chinese city), two blocks
from here, were burned last night. They
had been closed ever since the trouble be
gan and were turned over to the Chinese
officials. The Chinese official seal had been
placed on the doors to show that they
were under Chinese protection. It points
to a bad state of things and proves how
powerless they are to protect anything. A
mob made one of the official servants of
the Viceroy get out of'his chair 'and walk
while the mob Jeered him because he had
been carrying messages to foreigners.
More than a week ago a guard went from
here to meet and aid some Belgian refu
gees trying to reach Tientsin. At several
villages they were given tea and things to
eat. The Boxers burned every one of the
villages and killed every man, woman and
child they found because they aided for
eigners.
Boxers Bullet Proof.
"All Chinese, from the highest to the
lowest, think the 'Boxer' a spirit 'that
can't be killed. If hit by a bullet they
Just cough and spit It out. One man, a
graduate of Yale, even believed it till the
soldiers killed some of them. That's the
reason It is so hard for the Chinese offi
cials to put them down. The soldiers will
not fight them. They do not have guns,
but use swords and pikes, and for a
mark of the order, wear a red sash and
turban, and a small cash box with a
paper charm Is worn around the neck.
During a fight, when they advance, they
run a few steps and fall down, Jump up
and run a few steps and fall. This they
repeat over and over to convey the Idea
that they have been shot, but can get up
ahd run Just the same. The mail must
go now, so I will close and send, as we
cannot be certain about getting mall out."
Mr. Drummond's letter, augmented by
a letter from a Mrs. ,Fearon, the wife of
an American merchant located there, tells
of the haste with which the foreign resi
dents left Tientsin for Shanghai on the
15th of June. Mrs. Fearon is a niece of
the late John F. Swift and a cousin of
Judge Campbell. With their family Mr.
and Mrs. Drummond left Tientsin on the
last armored train which succeeded in
leaving the city. Almost all their posses
sions were left behind, the same being the
case with the other foreigners. No time
was available for packing. Every mo
ment counted. A few things were thrown
together and they were off,. glad to leave
the scene of trouble behind them. The
safe arrival of Mr. and Mrs. Drummond
in Shanghai is chronicled at length. "While
nothing is said of Mr. and Mrs. Ragsdale
a.nd family, it Is presumed they, too. are
safe. The Ragsdales and Drummonds are
great friends and it Is presumed they may
have left together, although Mr. Rags
dale's official duties may have prevented
this. _ » '• ¦
NARROW ESCAPE OF
VAN NORMAN M'GEE
Mrs. Drummond Writes off the Escape of Mrs.
Ragsdale and Herself From the ' ,
BesSeged City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAKTA ROSA. July 17.— Two letters
were received here to-day direct
from Tientsin, the seat of the pres
ent disturbances in China. One was
from Mrs. J. vV. Ragsdale, wife of
tne American Consul at Tientsin. The
other Is" from Mrs. Lucy Campbell Drum
mond, daughter of Judge John Tyler
Campbell of this city. Mr. and Mrs. Rags
dale and family left here upon the for
mer's appointment sh'ortly after the elec
tion of President McKinley. Mrs. Drum
mond. who, as Miss Lucy Campbell, is
well known as a former Santa Rosa belle,
left here several years ago, when her fa
ther was appointeu Consul to Foochow
by President Cleveland, married a wealthy
Englishman there and has made her home
In Tientsin since that time. Her letter
brings the Joyful news that, with her fam
ily, she left Tientsin on the last armored
train ¦which succeeded In getting out and
found safety in Shanghai.
Mrs. Ragsdale's letter Is under date of
June 14 and gl%-es a thrilling account of
the dangers which beset the American
colony at Tientsin at that time, as well
as the foreigners in general. The letter
was received by Mrs. Dr. Finlaw and is
as follows:
"With such an unsettled state of affairs
on every hand, work of any kind is out
of the question. It is war In earnest now.
By the time this reaches you I presume
this will all be settled, but how? "We are
so anxious for the people at Peking with
out giving ourselves a thought— three hun
dred foreigners with a three hundred
guard of foreign troops against 100,000
Chinese soldiers as well armed and drilled
as the foreigners are. Before aid can
reach them they must pass these troops
and two walls fifty feet high and thirty
feet thick. The gates are ten feet wide
and well guarded. How is it to be done?
The Chinese have foreign guns mounted
on the walls and trained on the lega
tions. The fear is that when our troops
reach there and trouble begins at tlie
outside wall the Chinese will try to kill
every foreigner that is Inside.
Railroads Destroyed.
"The railroads have been badly dam
aged, bridees burned, etc. All this week
they have been trying to put them in shape,
and are only half way. The other forty
miles they will march, starting this even
ing, as the remainder of the road is so
badly damaged that it would take a long
time to fix it, and such anxious letters
come from Peking that they must press
on. If the railroad was finished the
troops could be rushed up. Not less than
10,000 should try to force an entrance, and
there are less than 3000 on the road. They
have eleven field guns, but the Chinese
have them also. There Is a fort just east
of Tientsin on the other bank of the
river. The fort' has three cannon trained
on the settlement. For three weeks we
have had a houseful. Admiral Kempff of
the Newark and Captain McCalla have'
had their headquarters here. Just now.
the admiral" is on the ship and the captain
Is at the head not only of the Americans
on the way up to Peking, but of all the
forces. He is a particularly fine specimen
of the finest nation on earth. If any one
can take the troops there he is the man.
Ills wife and family are in California, and
Admiral Kempff claims to be aCalifornlan,
as his wife was a San Francisco woman.
We have Just heard that the railway is
being destroyed between here and the
troops. It looks as if It might be true.
An engine was sent out, and the crew re
ported that a bridge was on fire. This
Is very bad. as it la the line just repaired
and no supplies can be sent to the front,
and It will make It harder to get rein
forcements to them. We all feel very sad
this evening. In spite of the music of a
Russian military band, playing the best
music I have heard since we came to
China. They belong to the 2000 Russians
leaving for Peking to-morrow. Our near
est neighbor is the richest Russian In
Tientsin, so for the past two days he has
had the officers with him day and night,
and in spite of war they manage to keep
up a gay time. The band has been play
ing there. Band music always did hurt
me. When a child I cried, without knowi
ing why. Some of the music the band
plays gives me the old thrill. They have
some grand hymns— quite Russian I think
they must be, for I never heard them
anywhere before.
Lives in Jeopardy.
*'We have Just heard that it is only by
the most persistent, efforts on the part of
a few Chinese officials who are friendly to
foreigners that the lives of the foreigners
have been spared so long, and they fear
they cannot avert it much longer. Those
who know say there never has been such
a bad lot of men at the head of affairs.
Li Hung Chang has gone south." Some say
he was sent there to get him out of the
way in view of bringing about the present
PERILS OF TWO SANTA
ROSA LADIES AT TIENTSIN
TRANSPORTS STJMNER AND CAUFORNIAN IN THE HARBOR JUST BEFORE SAILING.
PROBABLY IN THE
LIST OF VICTIMS
British Inspector of Chinese Customs
Who Sent the Last Word
From Peking. s
ther stated that the negotiations did not
concern the future government of China.
In fact, he expressed confidence that as
a result of the action of Secretary Hay
in declaring a non-partisan policy, to
which the other Governments had assent
ed, the dismemberment of China would
not occur.
Officials of the administration are hope
ful that the Boxer Insurrection will not
extend to Korea. It was pointed out that
disturbances in Korea might lead to Rus
sia sending troops into the Hermit King
dom, and such action would undoubtedly
be objected to by Japan. Mr. Tam, who is
in charge of the Korean legation here,
expressed surprise when informed of the
operations of the Boxers near the Korean
border. There had never been any trouble
between the missionaries and the Ko
reans, but Chinese frequently crossed the
border and caused disturbances.
Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister,
urged to-day that civilians accompany the
American troops for the purpose of assur
ing the Chinese of the friendly purpose of
thfe American Government. In Mr. V/u's
opinion such officials would be of great
value in learning the facts and ascertain
ing the purpose of the Chinese Govern
ment In placing the responsibility for the
existing trouble and in effecting a peace
ful settlement.
It Is understood that during the Cabinet
meeting to-day there was no action as to
the appointment of a successor to Minis
ter Conger, though an American repre
sentative probably will be sent to China,
and the name of Minister \\ . W. Rockhlll
continues to be mentioned in connection
with this post.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON" HOTEL, WASHING
TON', July 17.— While negotiations
are in progress between the powers
of Europe relative to the strength
of the forces the allies shall place In
China, the United States !s studiously re
fraining from participating in the discus
sion and continues to act independently.
An pffort has been made to draw the
United States Into these negotiations, and
this, perhr^js, accounts for the fact that
the State Department is well informed of
the diplomatic developments that occur.
But Secretary Hay does not propose to
take any action which may bind the
United States in the future. The United
States ¦will send troops to China, and as
many of them as may be necessary,
¦without consulting the other powers.
These troops' will 'act solely for the pro
tection.of American interests, but If they
can accomplish such protection by acting
concurrently with the troops of the other
powers they will do so. At this time the
course «f action lies in such concurrence,
but there will be no diplomatic action
taken which will bind the American
troops to continue to operate with the
allies.
It was reported to-day that the nego
tiations between the powers related to the
desire of Great Britain and Japan to per
mit the latter to place a force in China
sufficient to establish peace and order
and maintain it. Russia, supported by
Germany, was said to be opposing this
policy. A high official of the State De
partment informed me that no such in
formation had been received. It was fur-
United States Will Continue to
Act Independently in China
and Refuses to Enter Into the
Negotiations of the European
Powers and Japan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AND CONGRESS WILL NOT BE CONVENED AT PRESENT
UNCLE SAM PREPARING TO
RUSH LARGE FORCE TO CHINA
Offers Made to Owners of Eight Big Ocean Steamers That
Are Wanted Immediately to Transport Troops
to the Orient.
:¦-¦.¦-. - . . . - ¦...¦¦.¦¦•¦•¦¦¦-...¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
3
SIR ROBERT HART. BRITISH INSPECTOR GENERAL OF CHINESE
CUSTOMS. WHO SENT OUT THE LAST MESSAGE FROM PEKING,
DATED JUNE 25.
The excursion to Uklah and return on
Sunday. July 22. will allow over four
hours in Uklah in which to lunch. 'visit
fish hatchery of the California North-
western Railway, Vichy Springs, asylum
and Kancheria. Fare only $2. •
H When prices are greatly .re= / Eg
H duced you will overlook the --' - M
M noise and confusion made Eg
B by the carpenters who are f g
H remodeling our store. Sac= §1
S rifice comfort but effect a . B
U saving===we mention below i 8
B just a few of the reductions. fl
P| Blue serge ready=made suits which sold for j||
H $12.50 and $15.00 are now selling; for $6.85. ||
m Made-to=or.der suits usually $13.50 and $15.00 H
H are now made for $10.00. Silk front golf ||
jU shirts worth $1.25 now go for 75c. Hats pi
§1 which were $2.50 now reduced to $1,50. j§|
|§ As these reductions are actual you can easily i|
III count on a big saving. Save when you can — |pCHICAGO FAILING BEHIND.
Loses Again to the Pirates — Boston
Win From the Phillies.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Tct. . Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ....44 25 .633 Cincinnati ..33 38 .4P2
Plttsburg ...40 33 .*« St. Louis.... 31 36 .463
Philadelph!a.37 34 .520 Boston 31 37 .456
Chicago 37 34 .£.2') New York.. 23 43 .346
PITTSBURG. July 17.-ln the sixth inning,
after Pittsburg had made one run. to-day's
game was stopped by a furious rainstorm.
There were no special features. Attendance,
Plttsburg — 2 4" . 6
Chicago 0 4-"^;.2
natteries— Chesbro and O'Connor; Griffith and
Donohue, Umpire— O* Day.
PHILADELPHIA. July 17.— Cuppy pitched
effectively against Philadelphia to-day and
Boston .won with little difficulty. Attendance
WOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Philadelphia 4 5 3
Uoston 9 IS *'* : ?1
Batteries— Platt and Douglas; Cuppy and
Sullivan. Umpire— Emslle.
BROOKLYN. July 17.— When Brooklyn tied
the score In the fifth inning to-day Captain
DavU took Doheny out and substituted Mat
•.hewson. The New Yorks Immediately went up
in the air. and through errors and poor pltch
'iiK tbe Brooklyns won as they pleased. At
tendance, 14W. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 7 11 5
Brooklyn 13 9 4
Batteries — Doheny, Matthewson and Bower
man: McGlnnltjr and Farrell. Umpire—Swart
wood.
American Association.
DETROIT. July 17.— Detroit 5, Milwaukee 4.
BUFFALO, July 17.— Buffalo 8, Minnea
polis 5.
CLEVELAND, July 17.— Cleveland 3. Kansas
City I.
Tennis Tourney Closes.
CHICAGO. July 17.— The Western ten
nis tournament was finished to-day bv tho
playing of the finals in the doubles. Alex
ander and Little defeated Collins and
Paret, 6-4. S-6, 1-6, 2-6, 6-1
AMERICANS IN FRONT
Sloan and the Beift" Boys Win at
the Newmarket Track.
LONDON. July 17.-At the N-wrsarkct
fw-cond July meeting to-day the partici
pating American jockeys were very suc
cespful.
The Beaufort stakes fWdton handicap)
of 10 sovereigns oarh, for starters, with
2^0 sovereigns added, for thn-e-year-olds
and upward, sevr-n furlonps. was won by
The Wyvern. ridden by Tod Sloan
A maiden <at entry*, two-year-old plate
of 133 sovereigns, five furlong, was won
by J. A. Drake's Dula, with J. Reift in
th* Saddle.
The Soltykof stakes of 5 sovereigns
each for staners. .r«i Fovere'.pns added,
fer -two-year-olds, about five - furlongs'
v.as won by Mr. Theobald's chestnut colt
Pttronlus. guided by L. Iteiff.
An alleged Felling race of 100 sovereigns.
added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns
each for ptarun». five furlongs, was won
by J. A. Drake's Boris, also ridden l>v L
Roiff.
WILL FIGHT AT NEW YOBK
Fitz and Buhlin Accept Bid of Madi
son-Square Garden Club.
NEW YORK. July J7.— The bid of the
Twentieth Century Athletic Club of Ma'd
isoji Square Garden of TiO per cent of the
pros* receipts for the Pitzsfmmor.H-Kuh-
Un tight. August 10, was accepted to-day
Eberfeld Is Suspended.
CHICAGO. July. IT.— Ban Johnson, pres
ident of the American League of Baseball
Club*. to-Oay ordered Norman Eberfeld,
Bbortttop of the Detroit nine, suspended,
and placed fines on Frank Dillon, ttrst
lmsoman. and several other players of th«
fame club. President Johnson's action Is
due to tbe row over the came last Sunday,
when the Jxtrolt players and the specta
tors made things lively for Umpire Can
tilllon. .
DETROIT. Mich.. July 17.— A Fingle
heat In the unfinished 2:19 trot was all the
racing done ;a{ Grcsse Pointe to-day*. It
was won by Cornelia Belle in 2:16, Palm
\rstC second and Mapple Anderson third.
The remainder of tne programme, includ
ing the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
stake, was postponed until to-morrow on
account of a heavy rain.
Police Searching for Him With a
Subpena In Angelina M. ,
Abbott Case.
The case of Angelina M. Abbott,
charged with assault to murder for shoot
ing actor L>e Witt Clinton, was again
called In Judge Mogan's court yesterday.
Clinton was In court with his fiancee. Ed
na EUsmere. Ex-Police Judge Graham,
who represents the defendant, asked for a
continuance, as he had been unable to get
a subpoena served upon Attorney II. H.
Lowenthal. The officers had been unable
to find him. ?
"Lowenthal is In possession," said Gra
ham, "of some letters written, by Clinton
to the defendant which will -establish the
relations that existed, between them. Low
enthal came into possession of them while
he was attorney for the defendant, nnd is
holding them till he is paid his fee-."
' A continuance was granted until to-mor
row and the hearing must then go on.
Graham said he would see that the sub
poena was served if Lowenthal had not
left the city.
ATTORNEY LOWENTHAL
HAS NOT BEEN FOUND
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postmaster Appointed, Patents and
Pensions Granted, Postal Change.
t-'ptdal Dtapatcb to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 17. — Postofflce
name changed — Casco, King County,
Washington, to Baring. Matthew A.
Stockwell commissioned postmaster at
Lur-ardi. Cal.
The following pensions were Issued to
day: California— Original— James King,
Ontario, IS; Ellery A. Dtnsmore. Palo Alto,
$12; Edward D. McCreary. Santa Cruz, $8;
Isaac B. Finch, Veterans' Home. Napa, $S;
John J. Holmes, I.akeport, K; Charles C.
Twiss. Beaumont; tlO. Additional—Well
ington Eaton, lirentwood, tS. Increase-
Patrick McGuire, Sacramento. $S. Re-
j SSU( ._Kiances M. I^ivlngood, Yountvllie,
$12. War with Spain— riarah Dun more,
mother, San Francisco, $12; Emily G.
Goodrich, mother, Honita, J12.
Oregon: Original— Albert Kcitelson, Al
bany. $6; Henry M. Riggs, Portland, $6;
minors of Samuel H. Duut'las, Wamic, $16.
Washington: Increase — Abner Rosen
berg. Spangle. $10. Reissue— Mary I.
Welch nurse. Asotin, J12.
Patents issued to-day: California—
I>on O. Beloud, Stockton. de
vice fcr educating and training
eye ar.d hand; Mathiap . IJohn
ert, San Francisco, rein holder; William
O. Bowman. Fairh>ld. assignor to Univer
sal Ironing Hoard Company. San Kran
cIhco, Ironing board; Milton Bulkeley,
Oakland, ijiickinjr for air compressor or
other tandem cylinders, also puppet valve
for air compressors; Albert J. Brown,
Oakland, fountain syringe; -Charles A. 1
Conger, Oakland, assignor to Conger &
Maclnness. New Britain, Conn., rope
fastening; George W. Hollbs, assignor
one-half to A. J. Partridge. Los Angeles,
null or tack driver; Millord O. Morgan,
Dixon. safety lock for harvesters; Thomas
R. Owen, I-os Angeles, hygienic appli
ance for sound transmitter mouth pieces;
Ross M. CL Phillips. Los Anseles. com
bination pocket gun and cartridge holder;
Gustavus B. Quarrier. Los Angeles, car
fender; James M. Ricketts, San Jose, as
signor to Postage Advertising Machine
Company, San Francisco, coin exhibitor
for coin controlled mechanism; Lottie A.
Roberts. San Francisco, needle; John T.
Scott and C. G. HIjrhtower, San Fran
cisco, tube grinder and facer; Samuel and
F. E. Neizel, San Francisco, metal bend-
Ing machine; Henry H. Stratton. San
Francisco, window shade hajiger; Al
phonso V. Wilbur, Stockton, seeder.*
Washington— John Callow. New Kamil
chl. shin's anchor; Edward R. Gould,
Spokane, apparel shirt collar supporter;
Znchary T. Stocks, Everett, collapsible
shipping crate; Charley H. Young, Wilke
son. automatic railway gate. .
Officers for the New Park Selected by
the Ing-leside Associa
tion.
The directors of, the Ingleside Coursing
Association met last night to prepare
plans for their Initial coursing meet at the
£an Mateo Park on July 28.
Andrew Dean was selected as judge.
William Ryan as Blipuer In place of Harrv
..lurray. mijraed; R. j^. Taylor -as slip
steward and P. Tiffany as press agtnt
Two starts win be run off at the open
ing meet— a championship. 16-dog entrv
with $Kt entrance fee, and a &»-<log re-
BCfTC stake, $2.'.') entrance fee. all dogs
entered to have leen winners of a lirst or
second prize during tht- preceding months.
ANDREW DEAN WILL JUDGE
COURSING AT SAN MATEO
Santa Fe Terminal Company Names
. ' Its Board Of Di
rectors.
The stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com
pany held their annual meeting yesterday,
24,633 shares being represented. The fol
lowing named directors were elected:
E. P. Rlpley, A. H. Payson, John D.
Spreckels. Robert Watt, W. G. Xevin, A.
V. Walker. K. N. Gibbs, Victor Morawetz,
R. S'. Hayc-s, F. W. Van Slcklen and W.
A. Blssell.
The officers who will administer the
business of the company during the next
year are: J. D. Spreckels, chairman of
tho board; A. II. Payson, president: W. A.
Biasell, vice president; Alexander Mackle.
secretary; I... C. Demlng, assistant secre
tary; Alexander Mackie, treasurer; II. \V.
Gardiner, assistant treasurer: Victor
Morawetz, general counsel; O. X. Sterry,
general solicitor; H. C. Whltehead, gen
eral auditor; D. J. Sheehan, deputy con
troller. .
The executive committee of the com
pany Is composed of the following named
gentlemen: 12. P. Rlpley, A. F. Walker,
E. N. Gibbs, Victor Morawetz and R. S.
Haves, all of New York.
The Santa Fe Terminal Company of
California, which has the management of
the property at Point Richmond and the
ferry system.' will be represented during
the current year by the following board
of directors, all of San Francisco: A. II.
Payson, \V. A. Blssell. J. L. Truslow, II.
C. Bush, Alexander Mackle, J. W. Walker
and J. D. Spreckels.
VALLEY ROAD OFFICIALS
ELECTED FOR THE YEAR
and watched. Some were unconcerned
and some were not, but all were at a
high nervous tension and there was a
sigh of relief when the session adjourned
to this afternoon.
he was notified to remain within call. He
was not called again last night, but he
was notified to be present this after
noon at 2 o'clock, when the Jury will meet
again, and at that time he will be called
once more.' The question Involved Is one
that- would be a proper one In court, but
It Is claimed that the testimony before a
grand Jury being secret and not for the
purpose of use In the prosecution of a
case, does not come within the provision
giving a man the right to refuse to give
evidence that may Incriminate him.
Ruef Talks Freel
Ruef took another two hours and a half
before he had said all his Kay. lie went
over the case thoroughly, ttrst on his own
statement and then under cross-examina
tion. He made the point that the duty
of the Public Administrator extends only
to the care of an estate entrusted to him
and that he has no power to go outside
to secure evidence In regard to heirs; that
he must distribute the estate to whomever
the court declares Is the proper heir,
satisfying himself only that the man to
whom he delivered the property is the
heir..montloned in the decree of "distribu
tion.
He'dfdared that the Public Administra
tor had refused to deliver the estate of
Sullivan to th-.? heir designated by the
court, despite the decree of distribution,
despite the caveats of two notaries, despite
bonds and agreements and promises, de
spite a deposition that Ruef claimed he
had no right to take even though he did
take it, and despite the fact that the law
requires an Immediate distribution if the
heir wishes it. Instead, he declared, the
Administrator hr.d held the estate for six
ty days, not from the time of the Issuance
of the decree, but from the time It was
signed. Jive days later, and In those extra
five days he said, the expose had oc
curred. Ruef «lso denied the statements
made by Chretien In which he alleged that
there was an cgreement between them,
and also that he had in any way anything
to do with the machinations of Chretien
and his coconsplrators.
Others Who Will Be Questioned.
There were also present yesterday Bow
den of San Jose, who has Sullivan's pow
tr of attorney; Ganes, the Janitor of tfie
Chretien office, who will corroborate somo
of Colthorp's testimony: Colthorp, the
Mack John Sullivan, who Bigned Chre
tien's papers In the estate whenever the
name of John Sullivan was required: Lee
D. Craig, the notary, who attested tne
signature of John Sullivan without seeing
or knowing the signer; Judge Charles
Low, who. It was said, was sent to Chre
tien by Ruef to tell Chretien to keep qule*.
and say nothing: Nlles, who knows
lnitchy; Keane, Ruef's clerk, .who will
deny that he ever had such a conversa
tion on the cars with Chretien as appears
In Chretien's confession yesterday morn
ing: George Perry, Rauer's attorney, who
will add valuable evidence In the matter
of the payment of money to Rogers; Mr.
Brooks, Chretien's brother-in-law, to
whom Chretien gave a bundle of papers
just before his arrest— the bundle of pa
pers Into which Detective Gibson looked
and fotind nothi"T connected with the
case; U. W. Day, to whom Rogers was
to have made an assignment of money
received from Rauer. and Gibson, the de
tective, who will tell the result of his
investigations. * .
All of these stood around and waited
IT WAS a small crowd that gathered
about the doors of the Grand Jury
room yesterday when the Chretien
steal came up for Investigation. All 'he
faces made familiar by the proceed
ings before Judge Troutt were there, and
a lew others new to the case. The ses
sion was a long and a tedious one, and
ended Just before 11 o'clock last night;
but In that time most of the principal
witnesses were examined and the hard
part of the case was gone through with.
There has been no decision as yet, but
when all the evidence has been secured
the Grand Jury will debate the testimony
and action will follow.
Witnesses Who Were Called.
Chretien, Rauer, Ruef. Rogers, Graef
and Howden w6re examined, and all but
Rogers testified. Rogers declined to say
a word about the case on the ground that
It might incriminate him.
Rogers was called Just after Graef and
Rauer, ar.d they followed Chretien. The
last named repeated his statement made
before Judge Troutt and since the pro
ceedings in court, reiterating the asser
tions involving Rogers, Ruef, Colthorp
and others, and going into details on each
phi.se of the case In answer to a thousand
questions put lo him by various jurors
and by the iMstrlct Attorney. He was be
fore the Jury nearly three hours, and
there was none of that time lost.
Rauer was put on after ChretleVi, and
at once speculation turned toward Rog
er*, for it Is the testimony of Rauer that
most directly Implicates the attorney.
Rauer brought an armful of books along
with him, and he was still explaining his
end of the matter when a recess was
taken until evening. After the recess he
went at It again, and for another hour
he and his books held the. stand. Then he
gave place to Graef, his son-in-law, who
backed his explanation of the entries In
his books.
Rogers Refuses to ,Testify.
Color to the theory that the jury was
working toward the case of Mr. Rogers
was given by the call of the bailiff sum
moning Rogers to attend. He picked up
a bundle of papers and disappeared behind
the doors ami every one waiting settled
himself (or another long wait. But In Jive
minutes the attorney came out again, and
for half an hour paced the hall in silent
communion with himself.
It was not known then that he had
braved the authority of the Grand Jury,
and the llrst thought was that the Jury
had secured all the evidence it wanted,
and had only asked him what was his true
name as a matter of form, but afterward
it was noised abroad that he had declined
to answer, hut repeating the play marie
before Judge Troutt had decided to "stand
upon his rights." lie was a^iked a few
questions and at once demanded to know
if his acts were under Investigation. He
was told that those«of every one connected
with the case were under Investigation,
and then he declined to answer any ques
tions on the pround that he could not be
obliged to testify against himself.
Will Be Called Again To-Day.
There was a lull for quite a while after
Rogers was allowed to go. for the jury
wished to argue the proposition, and then
Lawson Breaks "World Record
SALT LAKE, July IS.— In a professional
bicycle race at the Salt Palace saucer
track to-ni«?ht Iver Lawson broke tho
world's mile handicap record of 1:33 3-5.
made by W. F. Sims at Washington, D. C.
LawBon made the mile In 1:59 flat.
AS CHRETIEN WAS CALLED INTO THE GRAND JURY ROOM RUEF AND
ROGERS BECAME INTENSELY ABSORBED IN THE NEWS.
Registration for the primary election on
: August 14 closes July 2S. Registration for
: the general election in November will not
• close until September 2G. Every voter
' v.ho registers before July 2S will establish'
: his right beyond all question to partlci
; pate in both the primary and genera! elcc
i lions. As the law requires every voter to
! register anew in orun- !•» »>ji<r <a.i me t>eti
| eral election In November, It Is advised
'¦ that the trip to the City ilall should be
; made before July 28.
Republicans stiould not underestimate
I the Importance of the primary election.
Tho delegates to be chosen at that elec
: lion will nominate candidates for Con
i gro.-ig and the Suite Legislature. The
i Uemocraiio bosses, comprehending that
I McKfnley and Koosevelt will carry Call
j tornia by a great majority, are hgurlng
j on the prospect ot electing uemocratle
: Suite Senators In the dose districts. In
I several oistrlcts Democratic ana Kepubll
i can bosses ar« pulling together and re
: pnrtlngf to llerrin for instructions. The
! ordinary boss politician cares little or
: nothing for the success of either political
! party. He Is In politics for boodle apd
< patronage. When prospects for Republl
i can success are brilliant he makes him
' t-tif conspicuous at Republican head
; quarters. When affairs brighten up a llt
' no tor Democrats he gives advice at
L't-mocraiie headquarters, but he never
• mglects to report to the railroad camp for
! campaign Instructions.
in tms campaign Kelly, Crimmins and
; Rainey are working together for the rail
! road. Chris Buckley Is in town and many
i Ot his old-time followers are advising
' him to get in politics a^ain. It is known
: that ttie next legislature will reapportion
: iho State into legislative and Congres
• sional districts a'ul that twenty of the
State Senators to be elected this fall will
I hold over until l!*03 and participate in the
: election of a I'nited States tienator to
i succeed George C. Perkins. The bosses
art- particularly anxious to elect servica
al)le agents of the railroad corporation to
the Ix-gislature. If this result can be at
tained Dy shouting for the Republican na
tional ticket in one district and bellowing
tor Jiryan an.l Stevenson in another tho
bosses will not miss a chance to shout
and bellow.
Republican citizens who have In mind
the welfare of the State and the principles
of good government should give their time
anu attention to the duty of electing
decent and Intelligent delegates to tho
nominating conventions. The duty of ai
lendinjj d. strict meetings to agfee on a
list ot delegate* to be voted tor should
not be overlooked. The sure way to win
out is to put up a straight anti-boss ticket
in each district. More than an antl-bosj
label will be required. The men nominated
should be known to their fellow citizens
in the district as men of character ami
Independence. Tickets bearing the names j
of trustworthy Republicans should be
p/aced In the field as early as possible.
'Xtie Call will endeavor to inform the Re
publican voters in the various Assembly
distncts how the true anti-boss delegate
ticket can be verilied.
The entertainment at the banquet of j
I'nited States Senator Daniel at- Virginia
by tht Montlcello Club of San Francisco
will no doubt give occasion for many elo- |
<iuent allusions to Thomas Jefferson, who I
was an exponent of expansion and pro- j
tection. |
To-day J. C Sims, chairman of the I
Democratic State Central Committee, will
announce several Important staff appoint
ments. It is said that Colonel Sims will j
tender the office of secretary of the com- j
mittee to Thomas EL Curran. The name
of D. Samuels !s mentioned for treasurer
of the organization.
Knrollment of voters In Assembly dis
trict Dt-moeraiic clubs was resumed last
night. Permanent organization of the
clubs will be effected to-morrow night.
Phoenix Republican Club.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Phoenix Republican Club held
last evening at Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln
street. It was decided to call a general
meeting of the club for July .11 for the
purpose of electing officers for the ensu
ing year and perfecting arrangements lor
tht- coming campaign.
The Phoenix Club is one of the largest
la the State, having on its roll nearly
15<'>0 members. The club was organized in
1S1«). and In every campaign has taken an
active part not only in San Francisco but
in other parts of the. State. . '
The intention of the club la to more ac
tively than ever engage in the coming po
litical contest, and Colonel Tom O'Neill
of the K'.rst California Volunteers is at
present engaged in organizing the drill
corps, which will be one of the finest in
the State. ¦ • '
Tne present offlctrs of the club are:
President. A. L. Hart; vice president, T.
C Maher: secretary, J. A. McKenna; cor
responding secretary. Andy Branch;
treasurer. P. McCarthy; chairman execu
tive committee. C F. Curry.
Declined on the Ground That He Should Not Be
Compelled ; to Give Evidence That Might *
Incriminate Himself.
Agents of Railroad Planning
to Control Next State
Legislature.
>
Republicans Are Advised to Register
and Participate in the Election
of Delegates to the Nomi- f
nating' Conventions.
LEAGUE OF THE
BOSSES AT WORK
FOR THE SPOILS
Ean Francisco Mongolians 'Will Meet
to Define the Position They
Propose to Take in
Pending Conflict.
The first mass-meeting of Chinese ever
he id in America will probably be called to
morrow by Consul General Ho Yow for
the purpose of enabling the Chinese of
San Francisco to clearly set forth to the
people of tho I'r.Sted States the position
which they int<-!;il to take in the pending
great conflict between Cblna and the
W-or!d at larpe.
It has l>cc:i reported to Ho Yow that
Ecomary Hay has grave fears for the
safety of tho i'liino^e here. H.> Yow lias
fc*>en informed t!:at Ute Secretary of State
If apjirehoTisive that the San Franciscans
xr.sy organize themselves into a mob and
attack tho <'oini«ra lively small iiumbrr if
¦ defenseless Chinipe domiciled In the heart
of the city.
Consul General Ho Yow. however, has
ro frar r>f San 1'ranti^caus. nor have any
of t!ie Inoal Cbinese. although when Mr.
Hay'p framing was lir?t reported there
¦Wf-re many among them who supposed
that he had private Information throujrh
the «ecr<*t service of s^me movement
Mhich Tias not known to the public.
At the propn.sisl mass-meeting all the
leading Chinese of the city will be present,
BiA the f.rPt and most important act of
thn^e present will be to pass resolutions
expressing tholr grief and sympathy for
the churkinp brutnlllies inflicted by the
Tartar and Manchu Boxers upon the de
fenseless Americans who were penned
within the walls of the Chinese cities.
In addition ncasurifs will be taken to
roTider artlve assistance to the l T nlt«'d
f?xates troops who are soon to depart from
here on tlioir way to China. An applica
tion has already luen made to thi- Gov
ernor for permission to form a National
O'jard Company, to be exclusively com
posed of Amc'iif au-l»orn Chinese, arid it
h undorstfuvj that pernrssinn will lv regu
larly granted and recruiting rushed.
Consul Oenerii! Ho <*w is wry much
Interested in this raattir at the enlistment
of Chinese linger the I'liitcd States flag.
end paid y«st'-rday to a Call reporter that
the Chinese were only nwaitlnp sjme lead
er or orpanizer to rush to avenge the
murder of their fellow citizens of Canton ;
who have been slaughtered in the north i
of Chir.a.
The meeting will be held in the Nine !
Van meeting: ' hall on Waverley place, \
¦which is tlie headquarters of the power- :
fill See rum. About 3"0 of the most '
rirominent Chinese will be accommodated !
n the hall, and an overflow meeting will !
lie held outside.
Speakers will address the meeting in
Chinese only, but the resolutions will he |
drawn ap in both Chinese and English ;
and forwarded to the Mayor. Chamber of i
Commerce and to the newspapers for
publication.
Ho Yow says he has no information as !
to the condition of the foreigners in P*» I
king other than that contained In the i
1'ublle teleprams, but that in regard to i
the latter he is inr-iined to believe the of- I
Jicial report signed by the Minister of !
I'ofts and Telegraphs, which denied the :
J'eklng massacre. There Is every reason, j
h* said, why this man should" tell the j
truth, ar.d he is. of all men In the world, I
the only one who has at his command the
tr:«^nn» of ascertaining the whole truth.
Some of the older and more conserva
tive of the Chinese had grave duubis as
to the wisdom Of the policy of adopting
resolutions of fympathy. being afraid that
tbey mJeht create- the Impression that'
they were Incriminating themselves. The i
vKer and more progressive men. guided j
by the counsel of Ho Yow. have prevailed i
over the conservatives, and now the I
Chinese of California will be set stralc-ht i
before the world. It will not be necessary ]
for them to apply for protection, u has !
Iwvn dune by sutne ot the Chinese in j
Eastern States.
Minister Wu Tins; Fane: at \Va-=hinjjton
liis sent no further communications to I
Ho Yow which he can make public at the j
riresent time, but from the unusual aetiv
ty at the consulate It can be easily seen I
that important news of some sort has
been received.
From I member of the consulate it wa«
learned that the former Chinese Consul
<io:ieral to Cuba. Chang Yin Tunp. who
passed through here about two month*
ceo roturninR to China, has been banished ;
t« Kashmir merely because he is a Can- I
:one<=e. This sentence of banishment Is !
almost equivalent to a death sentence for ¦
the reason that It plves no safeguard in ;
traveling, and In the present disturbed
condition of the empire an outcast will
fare hardly. •
Apply to Governor for Per
mission to Organize a
Militia Company.
LOCAL CHINESE
ARE ANXIOUS TO
FIGHT BOXERS
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
• VALLEJO, July 17.— The fourth Solano
• County Agricultural Society race meet
r opened to-day under very favorable cir
cumstances. The pavilion at the track
was comfortably filled, a large crowd
" thronged the betting inclosure, while
three score 'of teams with rural visitors
• lined up In the Infleld. The Marine Band
from Mare Island discoursed popular airs.
, proving a moat enjoyable feature of the
afternoon's sport.
In the stand Thomas Smith acted as
J starting Judge with F. W. Kelley of the
Breeder and Sportsman and Frank Drake
• of Vallejo as associates. The class
pace, the stellar attraction, resulted In a
long drawn out contest, linally resulting
in a victory for the favorite. Key Direct,
poorly driven by F. Parker. It was nearly
a o'clock before the crowd left for town.
Had Parker scored up In the earlier heata
the long end of the purse would have
been his long before dusk. A strong wind
swept over the course, which, added to
the lumpy condition of the track, pre
cluded any fast time.
Puerto Rico took the 2:19 special trot,
a fantastic affair. In straight heats. The
only running event on the card fell to
Tenrica, a 20 to 1 shot, well ridden by
Doc Bragg, the temperance advocate.
It was not until 2:30 o'clock that the
starters in the 2:30 pace were called. Pools
sold Rey Direct 10, Margaretta. owned by
Jo Terry and raced at N'apa under the
name of Marguerite, 5, the field 3.
To the surprise of all. Doc Wilkes. a 13
to 1 chance, went out and was never
caught, reaching the wire over a length
before Santa Anita Maid and the favorite.
The heat following was a very ragged
one, nearly all of the starters at different
times finding egg shells to step on. Doc
Wilkes again led to the stretch, when he
went In the air. Maben behind Santa
Anita Maid then assumed the front posi
tion, and at 8 to 1 downed Doe Wilkes and
Irvlngton Boy cleverly. With Rey Direct
still ruling favorite Margaretta annexed
the heat following from the first choice
and Santa Anita Maid. The fourth heat
fell to the favorite. Parker finally awak
ening from his reverie. Then came the
celebrated fifth chapter, causing a very
vexing question. At the first turn Irving
ton Hoy fell in a hoap, also being the
cause#( Doc Wilkes' bike wearing a grog
gy lofik. In a hard drive I>afferty, by
splendid driving, landed Margaretta win
ner over Rey Direct.
The judges ruled that Irvlngton Boy was
! entitled to start again, but declared Doc
Wilkes distanced, a decision certainly open
to criticism.
With the rest earned through the acci
dent Irvington Koy pulled down the next
heat. Rey Direct finishing second: Maben
and Lafferty both nursed the balls along
ti.e rail for a postponement, to no avail.
Before the sun kissed itself from sight
sturdy little Rey Direct went out and
took the two necessary heats to win first
money.
Candlelight ruled favorite for the six
furlons dash, but a poor start contributed
to his defeat. Tenrica drew clear of the
bunch at the paddock, beating Whitcomb
and Romany hands down. It was an eagle
bird for Humphrey & Co.. which firm,
with two books on, laid very liberal quota
tions. Summary:
Pacing, 2:20 class, purse $1000:
Rey Direct, blk. h., by Dlrect-Vera
fPark»r> : * 3 6 3 12 2 11
Marjtaretta, blk. f., by Direct (Laf
ferty) .......'. 7 4 1 4 1 S 3 2
Santa Anita Maid, b. m., by Guy
Wllkes (Maben) ..V 2 13 5 3 4 4 4
IrvlnKton Uny, ch^ar.. by Nutwood
Wilkes (Cecil) .t... :5 3 4 7 4 12 3
Doc Wilkes, b. %.; by Mambrino
Wilkes (Brown) 1 2 5 3 dla.
Banker's Daughter, b. m., by Ar
thur Wilkes (V\\ Brown) 8 5 S 6 5 r. o.
Yellow Jacket, ch. g., by Silver
King (Hoy) 4 7 7 dr.
Queen R, b. m., by Redondo
(Hodges) dis.
Time— 2:18, 2:10, 2:17^4. 2:17. 2:22^4. 2:13*4.
2:21K. 2:23.
Special 2:19 class, trottlnar. purse $300:
Puerto Rico. b. fr.. by Sable WIlkes-M.-v
rnie Cole (Clncello) 1 1 1
Bell* Patchen, b. m.. by Alto Rex CWard)2 3 2
Vendome. b. g., by Iran Alto (Bunch) 3 2 4
Slivine. b. g., by Electricity (Kelson).... 4 4 3
Neerbell. rn. m., by Xeernut <Judd) SS5
Fanny Richards, b. m., by Richards Elec
tor (II. I>. Brown) dls.
Time-2:24. 2:26H. 2:26»A.
Running:, six furlf>ngs, selling, purse 1150:
MIfs M. O'ConnelTs b. g. Tenrica. 112
(Bragg). 20 to 1 1
J. M. English's ch. g. Whitcomb. 112 (Suth
erland). 4 to 1 !
M. Donovan's b. g.' Romany, 112 (Ben net).
3 to 1 . 8
Time— 1:1S»4. Zurich 112. Gundara 103, Candle
light 1CS, Fine Phot 105. Beauraon.de 115, and
Louisa Hayman 103 also ran.
Harness Races at Davenport.
DAVENPORT, la.. July 17.— This was
the opening 1 day of the great "Western cir
cuit races at Davenport. The track was
muddy near the pole, compelling the
horses to trot outside, where the groins
was good. Results:
Trotting, three-year-olds, purse $2300— The
Medium won In straight heats. Time. 2:13.
2:22!i. 2:22*i. Susie J second. Phlppen third.
Gala" and Georee Crewman also started.
2:40 class, trot, purse $000 — Johnny Miller won
second, third and fourth heats. Time. 2:17*4.
2:20V4, 2:1!). Gamin won first heat In 2:19^ and
was "second. Joymaker third. Tom Lilly. The
Admiral, Charity tlall and Frugality also
started.
2:25 class, trotting, purse ISO**— Contralto won
In straicht heats. Time, 2:2014. 2:17. 2:17*4.
Conster.ator second. Red June third. Ltllte
Sherbert. Frost Wilkes. Bex-er Payne. Indiana
Girl, Taffey and Extinct also started.
Lumpy Condition of the Track and a
High "Wind Precluded the
Possibility' of Any
' ' Fast Time.
Captures First Money in the
Star Race, Although
Badly Handled.
REY DIRECT'S
GOOD SHOWING
AT VALLEJO
NEW YORK. July 17.— Voter, with
Spencer in the saddle, won the Test hand
icap ,at Brighton Beach to-day in 1:3 s *.
world's record time for a mite on a cir
cular track.
Voter .made all the running and won a!l
out by a scant half-length from Decanter,
while Jack Point, the Brighton hamlicjip
winner, struggled in third. Firearm r;::i
second to Voter to the head of the streicb.
with Decanter a length away. Hi
stopped at that point arid Decanter came
on and challenged Voter. Spencer nursed
Voter along, however, and managed tiD
ke«p him going long enough to win. Re
feults:
fix furlongs, selllntr— ITnmaskeil won. Car
buncle second. Matchim third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Five furlongs— Outlander won. Margraviate
second, Surmise third. Time. !:01 2-5.
One mile and a half, selling— liangor won.
Handcuff second. Klr.er third. Time. 2:3» 1-C.
The Test han«l ! .c«r. onf mile — Voter won. de
canter second. Jack Putnt third. Time. 1:3S.
£!x furlonjrs, ¦ellinff-AatoIlgnt won. All
Falnta second. Albula third. Time, 1:13.
One mile and a sixteenth— I-ew Kraft won.
The Kentucklan second, Charentus third. Time.
1:46 1-5.
CHICAGO. July 17.— John Yerkes. who
opened at 10 to L won the Drexel stakes
easily from Sidney Lucas to-day In fast
time for a slow track. Results:
Five furlongs— Tyr wnn. Galanthua seconj,
Lakevlew Hell.* third. Time. 1:04.
one mile and an eighth— Macy won, Caatake
second. Lake Mills third. Time. l:. r ,7H-
The Prexel »takps», one mile— John T^rke*
won, Sidney Lucas second. Norford third.
Time. VAZVt.
One mile and twenty yards — Gold Fcx ¦won.
Tayon second. J. A. Morris third. Time, 1:41
SIjs furlongs— Marana won, Kettle R secon.J,
Lomond third. Time. 1:1<<V»-
Six rurlonjrs — Eelle of Memphis won. Sharp
Bird second. Star Chamber third. Time. 1:15V*.
Fire furlongs— Leo Newell won. Admonition
second, Handy Man third. Time, l:03\i.
ST. LOTJIS. July 17.— The track was
deep In slush to-day. Results:
Five and a half furlong*— Robert Jr. wnri,
Mr. Smith second. Tony Lepplng third. Tlnv\
1:12H
fix furlongs, selling — Verify won. AItItj W
second. Cathedral third. Time. 1:29,
Six and a half Tirlonrs— Tom Collins Tv->n,
Applejack second, Tom uilmore third. Time,
1:26'4.
One mile and wventy yards, pplllnar — Muska-
Ionge won. Imperious second, Rushfields third.
Time. 1:.':.
Five furlontrsi— Pirate's DaujjhtPr won. Tho
Thrush second. Eva's Darling third. Time.
l:07«4.
One mile, selling— Ohnet won. Sprung secoml.
Marie O. Brown third. Time, 1:49.
Decanter Is Beaten Out for th.»
Place by a Scant Length,
Jack Point Being
Next.
On Circular Track t\
Brighton Beach Goes
the Mile in 1:38. '
VOTER TAKES
TEST HANDICAP
IN WORLD'S TIME
ROGERS WOULD NOT TESTIFY
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY
TIIK SAX FRAISCISCC) CALL, WED.N lESDAY, JIJJLY 18, 1900,
Judge Garoutte Returns Home. '
Judge Charles H. Garoutte, Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia, returned to this city yesterday from
an extended tour through Europ«. Judge
Garoutte spent considerable time at the
Paris Exposition.
Woman Takes Poison.
Mrs. Margaret- Wager, a woman over 50
years of age, walked into; the Receiving
Hospital yesterday afternon leaning on
the arm of a kindly disposed man. She
said she was tired of life, being, unable
to. procure work, and had swallowed a
dose of carbolic acid. She collapsed and
sank Into unconsciousness. The usual
remedies. were administered, but she died
at 6 p. m. ¦:£ gfa&KII8iafiMSi&*g«»g
SAMUEL MARX MEETS
WITH SUDDEN DEATH
While Walking in Front of the
Phelan Building Falls and
Expires.
Samuel Marx, manager of the Pacific
Incandescent' Lamp Company, dropped
dead on Market street in front of the Phe
lan building last night. Deceased was in
company with A. Shlrpser and another
friend and on his way home when sud
denly he threw up his hands, fell to the
pavement and expired. His friends car
ried him to a nearby drug store and sum
moned medical aid, but to no purpose, as
life was then extinct.
Mr. Marx, though complaining" early in
the evening of a slight pain In the back,
had been in the best of spirits, and his
sudden death was a surprise to his
friends.
Deceased was a native of this city, 35
years of age, and single. He leaves a
mother and a. brother, Melville Marx,
manager of the Columbia Theater.
CROWD DRANK WINE
ON "TOM" FERGUSON
THOMAS M. FERGUSON, who knows the prftof of red liquor by glancinc at
it with one eye, and Dan Carter, who tan tell a two-bit cigar from the bit
article by the color of the smoke.. raced on the speedtrack in the park yester
day afternoon. Carter now sports a silver medal crowded with inscriptions,
and Ferguson wears mourning on his person and funerral expression on his face.
Carter won; Ferguson lost. The crowd lined up against the park resort bars,
drank something that had bubbles in it find Ferguson paid for it all, the medal
which he will not wear and the wine, most of which the others drank.
For pome time Carter and Ferguson fought respiratory battles over the speed
possibilities of their horses. "The Moose" 1* the property of Carter and "Dave".
that of Ferguson. Both are trotters of a good class. The difference of opinion
made the race. A medal was struck off and an inscription engraved upon it'aa
long as one of Pheian's messages. Monday afternoon several cases of champagne
were put in iho coolers at a resort just outsldt the park.
The conditions were that each driver should have a man with him. Ferguson
imported a lightweight from New Orleans. Sol Lobe. Carter selected HIppolyte
Bier for his name's cake. George A; Knight and~Charles Bier were the Judges.
They might as well have stayed at home. No Judges, were needed.
"Oh. I'll win Jn a walk!" yelled Ferguson when the race was started. "Smoke
up, you're out!" cried Carter. And then they Went to it. From the stables down
the speedtrack they tore, turned and came down the other side. Carter led at the
start, kept well ahead on the turn, when, foot by foot. "Dave" crept up until both
horses were abreast. Then something happened to Ferguson. His horse broke and
"The Moose" finished too many lengths in advance to count or hold in the wind.
The crowd In waiting drove over for liquid accompaniment, to congratulate and
to offer consolations. Of course. Ferguson bought "copious beakers." but he dung
to the end of the counter Faying not a mirthful word. Muttering to himself, he
gave a clouded utterance, that filtrated through the vapors of wine:
"If I only had buttons on my ribbons I could have hold that -horse. The reins
kept a-sllpptns and a-slipping Just as I was passing Carter, and then the horse
broke. Say. give us a couple quarts more."
Carter will not accept the challenge for a return race. Ke says he will rest for
all time on his championship laurels.
4
Races Postponed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Dr. McLauglilin's Electric Belt
•
"If you cure me I will pajr yoa. If not. I
won't."
That is a fair proposition. It is a severe
teat of the value of a curative remedy. Pay
only when cured! Who dares accept such an
offer unless he Is positively certain of his
power to cure? Who dares accept It anyway?
Tou not only have to be sure of the remedy,
but you must trust to the honesty of the pa-
tient. As the old sayln* iroes. "When the
devil was sick the devil a saint would be, but
when the devil was well the devil a saint vai
j he." Some men are not half as grateful ,, to
I the man who cured them as they thought they
i would be before he did It.
, I Will Take Chances.
But I will take my chances with nine men
out of ten. I have the remedy. I have proven
1 Its curative power, and thousands of people
: In this State are pratatng It. Now that I know
that my Electric Belt is a positive cure for
every ailment for which I recommend !t. I am
willing to send it-to any honest man wttl)
instructions for using it, and after he has
used It three months if It has cured him hs
can pay me; If not. then he can return it
to me and he owes me nothing.
What It Cures.
Rheumatism, Lame Back. Nervous Debility.
Physical Decline, Varlcocele and all the evi-
dences of a wasting nervous energy; Locomo-
tor Ataxia, Paralysis, Kidney, Stomach and
Liver Troubles. Constipation and every indica-
tion of 111 health. It cures because it restores
strength, and where there is strength there
Is no chance for disease.-
\ No Cure — No Pay.
Take my Electric Belt for what !t will do for
you. Give it a fair trial and when you are
well you can pay me for It. Wear it white
you sleep at night or while you are resting
after your work. You win find it a vitalizer,
a tonic to your nerves, a rejuvenator of wan-
ing vitality. t*se it for any ailment which
drugs have failed to cure and you will never
cease praising It.
It Does Not Burn.
Remember that I make the only electric belt
In the world that does Us curing without sear-
ing or burning the flesh. It has a powerful
current, but I have arranged special cushion
electrodes and a perfect regulator so that the
patient has full control over the current at
all times. If you have been humbugged by
a burning belt, or by one that gives no cur-
rent at all. I will allow you half the cost ol
mine for it.
READ MY BOOK— FREE.
/ want ersry sufferer to call to-day and
test my belt FREE. If you cannot call write
at once for my beautifully illustrated book,
mailed, seated. FREE.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 JUrkit St. Cor. Kttnj, 8. T.
lad cor. Spring and Second 3ts.. Los Aogsles.
KEW WESTERN KOTEL.
K^S^Ii A^ D WASHINGTON STS.-RE- V
r,, £?,1 M and renovated. KING. WARD * f
£ .' £ ur °P? ai > P^n. Uooms. jOc to $1 M da£
*5 to JS week; J3 to $3) month. Free Datna- h?t
and coid water every room; nr» grates la every
room; elevator ruca all night. •»«*FEDERATION OF LABOR
DISCUSSES EIGHT-HOUR CASE
I>ecided to Take No Action in the
Matter of an Appeal to the
Supreme Court.
DENVER. July 17.— The executive coun
cil of the American Federation of Labor
to-day took up the consideration of the
Colorado eight-hour case. It had been
proposed to appeal from the decision of
the State Supreme Court, which was
against the constitutionality of the law,
to the United States Supreme Court. The
council llr.ally decided against taking ac
tion.
The Chicago- Building Trades lockout
and the St. Louis streetcar men's, strikes
were discussed, but no action was taken
on either. Resolutions of sympathy on
the death of George Chance of Phllade'
phla. a former member of the council,
were adopted.
Tp-nlght the members addressed various
labor organizations of the city.
SHAH AT ST. PETERSBURG.
Warmly Welcomed by Nicholas at the
Railway Station.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 17.-Mu2affar-
Ed-Dln. Shah of Persia, arrived in St.
Petersburg: to-day. He was welcomed at
the railway station by Emperor Nicholas
and other members of-the imperial fam
ily, who greeted him cordially.
The party drove together to the winter
palace along the Nevskot Prospekt, the
principal street of the city, which was
lined with troops and beautifully decor
ated with triumphal arches.
The Shah was cheered by the populace.
"Sale Day*' at Biggs.
BIGGS. July 17.— The "grand sale day"
¦which was held to-day by the merchants
of Biggs, as mapped out by the Board of
Trade, was a great success. The town
waa full of strangers from this and ad
joining: counties who came to take advan
tage of the many bargains offered by lo
cal merchants. It is the Intention of th«
Biggs Board of Trade to have another of
these sales some day In the near fuvure.
Ten Persons Lost Their Lives as a
Result of the Recent Big
Cloudburst. \
GALVESTON. July 17.— Communication
was finally 'established with the flooded
town of Coleman late to-day, and a list
of the d?.id, as far as known, was se
cured. The dead are:
J. N. Cheek and wife of Millam County,
Texas.
M. Pate, wife and two daughters, Bertie
and*- Lizzie, of Comanche, Texas.
Annie* Drown.
Ivey Brown.
. J. O. Stacey.
John Eulisstell.
J. O. Spath, all of Coleman.
Home Creek, seven miles south of Cole
man, Is also on the rampage, great dam
age being done by a cloudburst which
struck Coleman.
REPORT IS CONTIRMED.
Colonial Office Has Received News
That Kumassi Was Relieved.
LONDON. July 17.— The Colonial Office
announces the receipt of a telegram from
Colonel Stuart. of Cape Coast. Africa, say
ing that an apparently authentic mes
senger confirms the reported relief of
Kumassi on July 15.
KILLED BY BOERS.
Captain Harold Borden of Canada Re
ported Dead.
HALIFAX, N. S., July 17.— A cablegram
from South Africa reports that Captain
Harold Borden of the Second Canadian
contingent has been killed in action. He
waa the only son of F. W. Borden, Cana
dian Minister of Militia,
ened just in time to escape from the burn
ing ice notice with his life.
The young man's story is generally be
lieved, at Newcastle and his statement
has been corroborated as to details. Al
ready ground has been broken for new
buildings and tents have been thrown tip
temporarily for the handling: of fruit.
Fifteen hundred full carloads are shipped
from here east every summer. H. C. Mc-
Chell of the Newcastle Hotel has his
kitchen un and to-night set a table in hH
back yard.
LONG LIST OF DEAD
AT TOWN OF COLEMAN
LONDON, July 17.— Although now and
then young ladles were carried out of
the crowded meetings fainting and over
come by heat, the enthusiasm marking
the world's convention of the Young Peo
ple's Society of Christian Endeavor at
the Alexandria Palace grounds was to
day, as strong as ever. The delegates
burst Into song to-day with the same
boundless enthusiasm as heretofore. The
morning was given up to demonstrations
of the world-wide extent of the Endeav
orers.
Secretary John Willis Baer, speaking of
the growth of the movement, said thu
Christian Endeavor badge was worn by
more than one brawny Briton from her
Majesty's ship Powerful in the famous
siege of Ladysmith. Mr. Baer strongly
demanded that arbitration between Great
Britain and America be made compulsory.
"Cod may come and seals may go,
said he "and boundary lines be held in
dispute 'but palsied be the hand and mule
the tongue that should again suggest
strife and bloodshed between America and
The Rev. Francis. E. Clark, president of
the Society of ¦ Christian Endeavor, de
livered the presidential address. He spoke
of Christian Endeavor in the Far Easi,
"in progressive Japan, in distracted
China, and with hope of the beginnings in
Korea." His tour of the world. Mr. Clark
said had convinced him that "the Chris
tian Endeavor tree would bear fruit In
any soil." Describing the greetings he
had received everywhere Mr. Clark said
that in China It was peace, peace, peace.
The Rev. Francis E. Clark and John
Willis Baer will be re-elected respectively
world's president and secretary of tha
Young People's Society of Christian En-
Bev. Francis E. Clark and John "Wil
lis Baer Will Bs Re-elected
President and Secretary •/
Respectively.
Alexandria Palace Grounds
Crowded With the
1 1 a 1 ft n»o TftO
UcieyULcH.
ENTHUSIASM OF
ENDEAVORERS IS
WITHOUT LIMIT
deavor. They and other prominent mem
bers of the society will go to Paris to
attend the Christian Endeavor Conven
tion there July 22. Mr. Clark will be oc
cupied in attending various European con
ventions of Christian Endeavorers until
September 1.
The leading event of the day was the
temperance demonstration, at which the
principal speakers were Canon William
Barker of St. Paul's Cathedral and Rev.
Paul Strayer of Baltimore, who depre
cated the Indifference of governments to
the need of temperance legislation.
The evening meeting, at which the sud
ject of discussion was "Pentecostal
Power," was addressed by Rev. Handley-
Moule of England and Rev. W, F. Thomp
klna and Rev. \V. Patterson of Philadel
phia. ;
BOXER MOVEMENT IS
SPREADING TO HANKOW
VICTORIA, B. C, July 17.— News via the
steamer Empress of India says that from
ali parts of ChJr.a the refugees are flock
ing to the treaty ports and every ship
is bearing them to japan. Nagasaki, tt:e
port at which they ilrst arrive. Is already
uncomfortably crowded laid Kobe is be
trlnnir.g to till up. Many of them are in
a destitute condition an-i appeals for aid
are tilling the papers. It is generally felt
that while these applications will be gen
erously heeded here. It is incumbent upon
the foreign missionary board, upon which
the responsibility for the sad plight of
their missionaries rests, to cable unlimited
cr<-d:»s to meet the emergency.
In his report of the lighting at Tien
tsin the Japanese, commander under date
vf Ju::o 'Si says:
"There Is n<« food except rice, and un
less communication with Taku Is opened
j:i two seeks there will be great destitu
\n eflfct published in the Japanese pa
prrs irr.ni the. Empress Dowager tells of
the burning of the imperial palace by Box
ers on June 13. Native papers state that
a. Bnxer placard, posted throughout I e-
J:inc reads as follows:
"I. the commander In chief of heaven s
troop*, will march from Peking to Nan
kin«* wi:h them shortly. Our principal ob
ject 5s to burn and destroy the churches
end rf»«pel« and th^n the telegraph and
prptcfT.res. telegraph stations, colleges
am', schools. The people need not be
frirTlit'ned when they see our arrival here.
"\»e are going to <lri\e away the forelgrn
f.j-fi =r» as? to keep the empire In peace and
comfort. Purchasing provisions for pro
viding us. we will give ihe market price,
but seller? must also charge moderately.
We will not destroy the Yamens and cus
toms. They can levy duty as usual. If
nay people disobey this order they will
be beheaded at once." - ¦ • ;-¦».
MISSIONARIES REACHING
JAPAN ALMOST DESTITUTE
fjvrial Diepntch to The CaH. ¦ '. ¦
NEW YORK, July 17.— The Sun has th!s
'Torn Paris-: Bad news has been rece'ved
mm Hankow, to the effect that the Box-
Vr movement is fpreadir.g. The recent de
struction of missions at Nans Yang-fu
and Siatu; Yang was owing to a movement
Frank Leroy Says It Started From a
Candle in His Room in the Old
Ice House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN', July 17. — Frank Leroy. a
young man 20 years of age, comes forward
to-day and clears up the mystery of the
disastrous Newcastle fire. Before Sheriff
Kcena, Assistant District Attorney
Marks, Clerk Landis and Berry Mitchell,
he stated that his home is in Port*Huron,
Michigan. He has been In California
about a month, working at Newcastle all
the time. Saturday evening he came up
to Auburn to get a pair of shoes and when
he went back he finished icing some
cars and then went to bed in the upper
story of the Ice house. His partner went
across the street to a saloon leaving word
with Leroy to keep a candle burning. Be
ing tired he went rlsht to sleep and awak-
&he Pay's Read
Mrs. Perlina K. Selkirk.
ANGELS CAMP, July 17.— Mrs. Perlina
K. Selkirk, one of the pioneer women of
Calaveras County, died at this place to
day. She came to this county in the eariy
fifties and was well known by pioneers..
She was a native of Kentucky, 7S year3
of age, and leaves several daughters.
John Phelps.
DAVENPORT. Iowa. July 17.— John
Phelps, a prominent lumber man, died to
day of apoplexy attributed to worry over
the fate of relatives In Peking who were
guests of Minister Conger's family at the
American legation.
Judge A. W. Stono.
LEADVILLE. Colo.. July 17.— Hon. A.
W. Stone, County Judge, died to-day of
cancer of Ulfl throat. He was born in
Vermont in 1S24, and was appointed Dis
trict Judge for the Territory of Colorado
by President Grant in 1S73.
CLEARS THE MYSTERY OF
THE NEWCASTLE FIRE
[Special Cable to the N»w York Herald. Copy
right. '1W0, by New York Herald Com
pany. Itepublication of this dispatch Is
prohibited. All richtii reserved in the
I'nited States and Great jiiltain.]
LONDON, July 18.—This dispatch, from
Its special correspondent, is published by
the Dally Mail:
SHANGHAI. July 17.— The danger at
Shanghai is very grave. Thousands of
Chinese fully armed are in the vicinity of
the town and trouble may ensue at any
moment. • The powers are awakening to
the gravity »>f the situation, but few
troops can be spared in any event. The
anti-foreign rising Is generally and rap-
Jdly spreading Into Central and Southern
China.
from the north. There Is, however, no
local disturbance in Hankow. There is a
British cruiser there and also a volunteer
force of a hundred men. who could cover
the embarkation of the foreigners on the
cruiser under cirjy circumstances except
an unexpected attack from the north.
SOUTHWARD SPREAD
OF THE INSURRECTION
PARIS. July 17.— The French Consul at
Hankow telegrarhs under date of July 11
that all wns calm at Hankow and that
the population did not appear excited. He
adds that the Viceroy was taking meas
ures to sivert disturbances and that no
trouble had thus far occurred along the
Hnnkow-Peklnir Railway.
The vicar of Southern Honan telegraphs
that he was attacked in his residence at
Nan Vangfu. The vicar of Northern
Honan announced that the religious es
tabl'Fhments at Salng Vang were de
stroyed and the insurrection was spread
ing southward.
The i- rrnch Consul at TIehing Kiang tel
egraphs that fill ip calm In the province of
Szechuen. He adds that the Consuls had
a steamer ready to transport foreigners
in case of trouble. '
SHANGHAI GRAVELY
THREATENED BY CHINESE
Declines the Nomination.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., July 17.— Former
Governor W. O. Bradley this afternoon
declined a formal tender of the Repub
lican Congressional nomination from the
Eighth District.
peace or war may plant the Stars and Stripes."
Such men have we in the Republican party,
and fuch are the men whose names are pre
sented to the voters of the country for election
to the high offices of President and Vice Presi
dent of the United States; whose names are
synonymous with honesty, ability, loyalty,
courage and qualities that make men great;
whose ability in the highest council chambers
of the land has been amply proved; whose
courageous loyalty bade them throw aside the
pursuits and pleasures of busy happy existence
and hasten to the battlefield at their country's
call to a civil war which resulted in the
emancipation of the millions of slaves in our
own country; th» other to a war resulting In
the emancipation of 'A0"0,000 of Imperialistic
Spain's subjects, ami with the moral courage,
equally great, to bid defiance to criticism and
follow' the path of highest duty, and those are
the men under whose leadership the grand
old party will in November sweep th* land
for honest government, honest money and hon
est principles.
Mr. Hayes of Ohio presented a resolu
tion, which was adopted unanimously, in
dorsing the "wipe and patriotic adminis
tration of President MeKinley and heart
ily approving the character and principles
of that gallant Rough Rider. Theodore
Roosevelt." and directing that a copy of
this resolution be sent to President Me-
Kinley.
The league then adjourned to 10 a. m.
to-morrow.
Roosevelt's Speech.
To-night Governor Roosevelt addressed
a most enthusiastic crowd in the Audito
rium. Thousands besieged the tioors of
the hall two hours before they were
opened. At 7 o'clock the crowds were
finally given a chance to get inside and
every inch of space was hiled in a few
minutes. Thousands of persons surged
about the streets, unable to gain entrance.
When the party entered the hall the
Governor was given a great ovation. The
Twin City Campaign Glee Club, an octet
of well known singVrs. furnisher! a couple
of selections, and then Colonel Stone lor
mally called the meeting to order and in
troduced United States Senator Cushman
K. Davis as chairman of the evening.
As Senator Davis named the speaker of
the evening the crowd came to its feet
and for six minutes cheers and applause
swept the hall. When Roosevelt finally
was able to make himself heard he re
turned thanks for the reception that had
been tendered him here to-day. He
thanked the Roosevelt Club especially for
its choice of a name and uniform. H«
said he was pleased at the honor, for It
was a club of young men, and young men
stood for much. The Governor then spoke
for decency and efficiency in public life,
for courage in carrying out what one be
lieves. He had no use. he said, for timid
persons. Public officials should be honest,
brave :md have the saving grace of com
mon sense. Tho=e were ne-e-ded in public
just as much as in private life.
Kansas City Platform.
Referrir.pr to the Kansas^City convention.
Governor Rocsevelt . c aid: v
The dominant net" of the Kansas City con
vention was incln'-erity. Th~ convention which
nominated Mr. FJryan In 1900 was in character
infinitely below that which nominated him in
1^6. In ISM, for all their wild and dangerous
folly, his a'ivoratfF had at leaet the merit of
sincerity in th<>ir bitter fanaticism. However
wrnnp-heedeil. :ht-y knew what they b»liev»ci
and they Ftated it without fear. In W0 th»tr
action* were determined purely by policy, and
the pandering to the worst and mo«t degraded
pafs!ons In our national life, bad enousrh In
all conscience Fake itself, was rendered in
finitely won->? because rubbed of every veatiee
of honesty and sincerfty.
It t'Hik them two days to find out what th«v
believe-i about Filver and this we» the cn!y
plank concerning which they' took the trouble
to find out thflr beliefs at all. They reas=<»rt
"d th<* doctrine., of anarchy which they had
vr»ached in l^C. net because they loneer be
lieve<i in them, but because they hoped bv jin
nounolng them to attract to themselves .ill m»n
of ur sound and violent mind.
In the course of a bitter denunciation of
the Democratic opposition to the adminis
tration's Philippine policy. Roosevelt said:
In CT-.ina. we s«e at this moment the awful
tracedr that Is following Just exactly such a
movement as that which the so-called ant!-i:ti-
BOISE. Idaho, July 17.— The sixth State
convention of the Republican party of
Idaho convened to-day in the Columbia
Theater. Charles L. Heltman of Kootenai
County was made, permanent chairman.
After the disposal of some routine busi
ness the convention adjourned until to
morrow morning. The feature of the day
was the apparent strength developed by
John T. Morrison, candidate for Congress.
I>ate to-night the following looked like
the probable successful ticket:
For Governor. Judge Stanrod of Ban
nock: for Congressman, John T. Morrison
of Canyon; for Secretary of State, M.
Patrle of Fremont; for Auditor, Harry J.
Disgrruntled Elements of Both Parties
Sseking to Carry Out the
Plan.
Special Dippatoh to The Call.
WASHINGTON'. July 17.— The movement
undertaken in Philadelphia in' opposition
to the colonial policy of the Government,
and subsequently organized In Chicapo, is
about to be revived under the auspices of
men of influence in both parties who are
hostile to the candidates put up at Phila
delphia and Kansas City and their plat
forms.
Former Senator Edmunds, who is now a
resident of Philadelphia and who was
active in the anti-imperialism efforts re
ferred to, has been approached as to his
probable position in event of an independ
ent movement, but it is not certain that
he will pive it Ills support. Emissaries of
the disgruntled elements of both parties
have been quite active since the adjourn
ment of the nominating conventions, and
ciaim to be meeting with success in their
efforts to bring together a sufficient num
ber of representative leaders of former
political affiliations to inaugurate a move
ment which will appeal to the conserva
tive element.
Former Senator Her.derscn, who resides
in Washington, has been in correspond
ence and consultation with several gen
tlemen on the Fubject. and he is hopeful
of securing an cipanizntion within the im
mediate future which will result in a tick
et being put in the field. An effort is to
be made to induce former President Cleve
land to head the movement by an appeal
to the people and to have this followed by
indorsements trom both Democratic and
Republican sources. The main reliance of
the promoters of the independent ticket is
th° strong Democratic element Ut New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania 'Snd the
New England States which will not go to
Bryan on account of silver and is not pre
pared to support the Republican ticket on
account of Imperialism, so called. A simi
lar condition of things exists in Indiana
and other parts of the West.
CONVENTION OF IDAHO
REPUBLICANS IS OPENED
pcrialipts have championed in the public eye.
The Boxers In China are the precise analogues
and representatives cf the Agulnaldian reln*l3
in the Philippines. Had we adopted the "pol
icy of scuttle" In the Philippines, the policy
v.-liitls cur political opponents now champion,
the streets of Manila would have witnessed
such scenes as those of the streets of Peking.
Governor Roosevelt concluded his pero
ration at exactly 9:30 o'clock, when the
audience arose en m.osse and over 4000
voices shook the air for about five min
utes.
A carriage was waiting at the door, the
Governor entered at once, was driven to
the station and at 11:25 he was flylnp east
ward on his journey home, with the fixed
purpose of making a speech nowhere
while en route.
INDEPENDENT MAY
BE PUT IN THE FIELD
Will Shortly Leave for the East to
Enter Upon His New Duties
as Appraiser.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. July 17.— Congressman
Marion <Je Vries. recently appointed a
member of the Board of Appraisers at
New York, will in a few days file his res
ignation as Congressman from this dis-
Mr. de Vries does not intend to bid adieu
entirely to the scenes of his boyhood days
and the field of his earlier triumphs, for
San Joaquin County, he announces, will
ever be home to him, and he will spend
as much of his time here as his new du
ties as a member of the United States
Board of Appraisers will permit. It will
probably be a year before he will return
to Stockton. His intention Is to qualify
for his new position about the middle of
August.
Roosevelt Escorted to
the Meeting Hall by
Rough Riders and
Greeted Along the
Line by Cheering
Thousands*
Syms of Elmore; for Attorney General,
Frank T. Wyman of Ada; for Supreme
Court, Judge Steele of Latah; for Treas
urer, George H. Kester of Nez Perce.
The platform will be a strong indorse
ment of the Philadelphia platform and of
the administration's policy.
REPUBLICANS ACTIVE.
Committeemen Appointed for State
Campaign at Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 17.— The Republi
cans are actively engaged in making prep
arations for the Republican State Conven
tion. The executive committee of the Re
publican State Central Committee has
appointed the following committees,
which have already gone to work:
Exectutive committee— Ed Martin (chairman).
W. C. Hoffmann (treasurer), H. S. Wanzer
(secretary). H. F - Kron, H. E. Cox, George
Helm, B. A. Plant. ¦ <
Finance— W. H. Bias (chairman), George
Staffier Jr.. J. J. Quill, H. E. Irish, J. M.
Walsh.
Hotel and accommodation — F. Mattison
(chairman), W. L>. Haslam, L.. E. W. Ploda,
C. C. KratzensteiD, C. W. Hammer.
Decoration— It.- H. Pringle (chairman), H.
Bias, G. N. Root, F. R. Cummlngs, J. C. Ha
grerty, C. P. Woolworth and a ladles' auxiliary,
which is~to.be appointed.
Music— J. W. Linscott (chairman), G. A. Chlt
tenden. J. G. Enright.
Printing— Ed Martin (chairman), H. Wllley,
H. S. Wanzer.
Club and drill corps organization— H. E. Cox
(chairman), F, J. Hoffmann, Dr. \V. R. Lins
cott, A. A. Morey, Thomas W. McPherson.
Reception — W. H. Galbralth (chairman).
Mayor J. P. Parker, Major Frank McLaughlln.
George G. Radcliff, J. H. Logan, James Mc-
Neil, Duncan McPherson, W. H. Lamb, 0. J.
Lincoln. C. E. Lindsay. F. A. Hlhn. D. C.
Clark. C. Hoffmann, D. F. Maher, J. O. Wan
zer. II. AVilley, F. K. Roberts. R. Thompson,
Dr. B. Knights, H. H. Miller, William T. Jeter,
D. H. Trout". W. II. Aitken. A. A. Taylor. S.
H. Rambo, C. M. Cassln, E. S. West, H. L.
Mlddleton. W. R. Porter. J. G. Tanner, A. A.
Morey. B. K. Knight, W. R. Radclift, C. P.
Woolworth. H. E. Irish, J. F. Helms, J. J.
Doran, H. C. Cooper, A. M. Johnston, F. D.
Baldwin. J. \V. Forgens. C. D. Hlnkle, E. H.
Garrett. Iowa Tuttle, J. F. Coope. J. T. Lowry.
J. Hartman. L. J. Dake. M. C. Hopkins. C. K.
Towne. R. S. Miller, S. A. Palmer, J. Brazer.
A. G. Lay, H. U. Hollenbeck, J. D. Enrlght, F.
R. Cummlngs, P. K. Abeel, H. B. Pilklngton,
J. M. Walsh, J. J. C. Leonard. A. D. Pena,
S. Leask. A. J. Hinds. C. P. Clark, W. H. Pat
ton, E. White. C. W. Waldron. H. Foster,
George Clements, D. ifc Locke, J. B. Mathe
son, John Severlo, Ed Braun, H.- S. Deming.
D. W. Grover, Fred Barson, Paul Wenck' R.
C. Klrby, L,. A. Daniels, William Effey, T. W.
Kelly, A. C Snyder.
J. W. YERKES NOMINATED
FOR GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY
DE VRIES TO RESIGN
HIS SEAT IN CONGRESS
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 17.— The Re
publican State Convention to-day nomi
nated for Governor Hon. J. W. Yerkes, a
prominent attorney of Danville, and at
present a collector of internal revenue,
adopted a platform declaring the issue
of the election to be the Goebel election
law and adjourned within three hours.
There was no nomination to be made
by the convention except for Governor,
this year's election in Kentucky befng
an extraordinary one to till the vacancy
in the Governoiship made by the death
of William Goebel. The present Gover
nor, Beckham, will hold this office only
till his successor is elected, when he will
again become Lieutenant Governor.
The platform adopted contained three
planks, the second and third respectively
indorsing the Philadelphia convention and
its nominees and urging the Government
to protect Americans in China, and the
first dealing with the State campaign.
This is a bitter denunciation of the pres
ent Democratic administration and the
Democratic majority in the Legislature
and urges the repeal of the Goebel elec
tion law.
Resolution Adopted In
dorsing the Admin
istration of President
MeKinley and Ap
proving Roosevelt's
Candidacy*
ST. PAT-L. Minn.. July 17. -The State
Ivoaeucs of Republican Clubs and
members thereof, singly and in
pquads. have been arriving In this
city for two or three days and the
morning trains to-day brought in a large
number. The chief event of the morning
was the arrival o? Governor Roosevelt.
The distinguished truest was met at the
depot by the St. Paul Roosevelt Republi
can Rough Riders' Club, a citizens' com
mittee, the Minnesota State band and
many citizens at large, who cheered
lustily.
As Governor Roosevelt alighted from
his carriage at the Hotel Ryan, the Rough
Iiiders who had escorted him from the
station pave him a few hearty cheers
which seemed to arouse a responsive feel-
Ing in the breast of the Governor, for he
went down the line and shook hands with
the mcnibeis. He said he was glad to
pee the young men of the country so act
ive, as it meant much for the future good
of the campaign.
The National League of Republican
Clubs was called to order by President
Stone at 10:25 o'clock in the Auditorium.
Secretary D. H. Stine read the call as
sembling the League in its twelfth ses
sion, which was followed by the roll call
of States. About half the number re
sponded. Acting Mayor Oregg made a
snort adGress ox welcome.
Governor Roosevelt was then intro
duced, lie said:
"As I am to nave the honor of address-
Ing you to-night all 1 shall say this morn
ing is that I am glad to see you here and
thank you for having come, and 1 wish
you all success in all your efforts in the
o>ming campaign. When I wish success
to you. I wish success to every principle
that makes American citizenship worth
having."
1'nited States Senator Nelson of Min
nesota then addressed the convention on
the it-sues of the opening campaign.
President Stone's Address.
President St'^r.e of the league followed
Senator Nelson with an address. Mr.
fc>ione <?aid:
Gentlemen of the National Republican
L*a£.ue: During the brief i*riod of two years
Finio last we mrt in convention many ;>ag<*s
liav«- l#«-n a<1dr<I to the history of the American
republic, ¦which so long as that republic shall
exisi will evidence the wisdom and loyalty of
the Republican party; a party knowing how to
govern the country for the security, welfare and
trlory at its people. Inseparably connected with
•nd torvoipt a part of that record is the name
cf that wiM and patriotic statesman, whom
republicans flight to honor and whom all
Amrneant can safely trust. President William
iloKinley.
We cannot foin forpet the paralysis In busi-
UPfS p.rA industrial ruin wrought by the dlsas
trotzt f.r.r.nrial pi iicy as cxempliSed under the
last I>eniorratic rule, nor should we ever forget
the marvel. >us ohanjre that immediately fol
lowed the election of MeKinley in 1M<6.
Kigurtr-s are MuM*>rn lacti*— and convincing- —
Dot nturcs of speech. These we will leave to
our Populist friend from Nebraska. He has
had four rears constant practice and doubtless
rsi? Invented others as startling as the "Vrofs
of Cold" upon which the hapless American
workins man was to be crucif.e.j. The figures
to <vjr purpose are the good old-fashioned kind
learned at f=<-hor>I and which were clearly pre
t*-r.t«l for the consideration of the American
voter in a masterly manner by the leaders of
our party in the Philadelphia convention. The
Incontestable tacts which the Democrats will
not «=«?. and to which the Republican party
triumphant''/ points, that under the present
j.natu-ieJ policy me have the largest circulation
I BM r.ey j*r capita in the history of the na
t> r.. and that the country under the gold
ctandarrf is nill>nmil to a degree that com
cau«ed the Popuhstic-Democratic party to sub
ordinate the Fhibboleth of four years ago to ether
fr.recartinKP of impendinjc diFaster. With prodi-
Kioua effort, in svlfmn conclave, it brought
forth this latest pigmy of the brain and named
it ¦•irr.-iorial'.tm," placing it upon a platl'crm
which ihey fondly believed to be an impressive
arraignment of the Republican party.
It if a senseless cry ar.J has not been nor ever
ivi".l be iustifW by any conditions of our body
po'itic. W> dn not set fcrth our boundaries un
changeably. Exi-ar.fion has been our opportuni
ty and ponlbty cur salvation. The possession
<>:' the Philippines was the natural s«*juene<; of
ermtx, commencing with the destruction of th«
tpanlth fleet in Manila Bay. Events followed
each . ther with startlir.K rapidity, making a
brilliant epoch for- Americans in the closing
v^ars Of thf c-nturv. and shall we think eo
iighily of those who asked only for glory the.
privilege to Fi^tain their country's flag on these
distant '.viands and who now in the flower of
their r..a:ihf>'J fill the humble prave of a sol
dier? What those lives have won shall be cast
aside a? of no consequence? Pecple from ior
fi^n rnunTr.es enur our gate? by thousands,
rejoicing to possess homes and blpssing5 .un
der our f.-ig dtr.'.rii them in their native land.
\\> etill have an unboundej faith that wher
ever that fia« U raised, whether on mainland
i r island of the sea, it carries to all liberty,
j:rot*^"t < .on and c ".o».
PtttrloUclB d-x-s not alone consist In follow
ing the flap to plory. It is a F»ntimer.t lm
r^ar.ted in the heprt of Inya! man that w-ill
Impel hSm to Ftudy his country's every inter
est in pea^e a« v.el, a« war. to vote rieht as
¦«-r!l rs fijrht richt. Patrintisrn will dictate to
the bcaest American voter that he study tnt
«cnnrimlc and indtistrial questions which will
\f Bf.bmitted for his consideration, with an eye
flnKle to hie country** welfare, with a heart
inrpir^l for Ma •-our.trv's rlory. Then we can
liave r.n fear that, when the principle? sot forth
i:i our platform tie understood and the worth
and r.-.erits of the men who carry our standards
ure fu'.ly estimateti. the result will bo ihe
. vern-hr-!rr.inf? "lection of W'lliam MeKinley
and Theodore Koosevelt.
Of the dt:tif»5! of public men th» immortal
Uncata said: "They should b» m^n who know
and realize that the first ard rr»jt»ft duty
r:f this nation !? to extend IndiTtdoal Iih?rtj
to everj' foot of eoil where the fortunes of
NATIONAL LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN
CLUBS CONVENES IN ST. PAUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, J~CTLY 18, 1900.
PRESIDENT STONE OF THE NATIONAL LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN
CLUBS NOW IN SESSION AT ST. PAUL.
5
We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks in our
Leather Goods Department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
THE EMPOBIXJM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
<^r\ Greatest of Shoe Saies. Bg^
VI j *\ About 65c on the $1.OO for 3^00 pairs new, : p I
I 'J stylish. up-?o-date Shoes, just the factory. h I
% t\ No short Ms, no broken sizes. They if I
-^ ® KEs. were made for Kingman & Fox, who retired from J\
i m ?^V business before the shoes were finished. The Empo- -lA
ri : /®r%Sik rium bought them at 65c on th? $1.00. Hundreds /% [»
KNjfBr of pairs soM Monday and Tuesday. '£> T^^^f
>Sj \ ' °*^ an - v customers bought two and /$S?z2!&
Ladies* S2.5O Vici Kid Lzco
\. /^^^ Shoes-Fare/ Vesting Cot!: or kid €t~&
, r tops, new opera toes, patent leather t ; p* — '^^*^^^&£^^'
sale price- $1*69
mu- cm. ** n.0 Ladies' $2.53 Vici Kid Button
This Shoe $ia9Bm ¦ Shoes— \ id top?,new opera tee-, patent Thi3 Shoe $3a35m \
Ic'b a £3 00 Vici Kid Shoe wilhakid leather tips— *ale pri-p.. ._...»... ..S1.6B A beautiful $5.00 patent leather, •
top and kid tips; newest style of opera Ladles' $3.OO ViCt Kid Laoo cloth ton shoe; turned 33wed soles;
toes. * Shoes-Cloth or kid top?, new opera l^ xv heels; very stylish.
toes with kid ti?9~sa'e price $1.98
, Ladies* $3*5O Vi'oi Kid LSOO ShOGS — Cloth tops or kid tops, Savoy or Eag:ish tO3?, patent leathar or kid tip". \
turned sewed or Gooiyear welt sewed sole'— sale price $2»37 .
Ladles' $3,50 Patent Leather Lace Shoes -Km modern toe? and tips, Goodyear welt sewed so!e*«— »ale •
price .S 2*37
A guarter-^a third — even more — off \
regular prices of these goods. " \
Men's and Hoys* Hatg— Straw anJ Crash Hats that Men's $5.OD Crash Suits $2.95— Pure Lineo \
have been 25c to ?2.00, now. 15c to $1*1 1) Cra«h, stylishly made, all sizjs.
15c Wash Fabrics Oc-Pretty Batistee, Printed Men . s $ 7m50 and StO Flannel Outing Suits '
Lawns, Corded Matena s, etc.— shirt lots to be closed out at $ S .4S—Blue or grav. with fine light stripe.
' ov.ee. 7 -.-¦
81»invh Unbleached Shooting 19c yard- Ex- Ladies' Neckwoan Half Price— Band bows, string ;
cellent q-nlitv. an extra bargain. ties. !ac3 scarfs, s.ls jabot3, bloaie front3. silk stocks, etc. ,
S /o f<M 9M? tn <S??%'*L iF %''? i S!' i v B ! 8 ~ ,«„ $1 to $8.50 Yoking* and Allovers-l* black. ;
$1 and $1.2o Fancy Fhirts7Jc Men's 50c Neckwear 29o * J 4 white . now half orlce.
Fast B:ack Cotton Socks.74e 25c Black Neckwear 17o Cream an * wlllte ' now "^11 price.
Men's i5c Suspenders 17o Fancy Band Bows 17c Lattice* $1.00, $1.25 and $1.5O Kid CIOVOS •
Boys' Bib Overalls IOg $1. $l.f>0. $2 Neckwear.... 7Qo 78c— Broken lines— no: many left now. \
Water Coders. Battenberg J^offer ¦*j; d »y r »J Tumblers ¦
y~~ . Unbreakable lndurat- SmQCO 5^° Battenberg 33G OOXm fe^'f^r^ •
y^ \^ ed Fibre Wa'er Cool- Lice Pattern?, bcr- 150 dozin smooth finished
f 9 ers. covered and bai'ed Patterns* der3, handker- top J a 1 1 y T u m -'
Ct^Z^-'^sr-^j an< * fitted with nickel- chiefs, tie end=s, scarfs, bow-k lots, etc., that B €Srs 9 with covers, I '
r £*= ' ''-.si^ 7 a * e '* f aT3Cftts — 1° b? are regu'ary from 5c tc» 35c each, at cm be uaed for water \
I if 3 — LS^ T / closed out this week at nmm - u~l* D*~..i*»~ D-B^oc tnmblew; resnhHv 4)c rf'X'^-'o* ¦
ICy^l k special prices: One-Half Regular Prices. doz _ special t0 . 33 g^gg ¦
ra VI, -4 gallon $1.35 s'ze for dap, per doz... •**•"¦• 5 *^±iii>^ |
1 4 ; W \i ' 98C
\i < $B I $i.75 jyfg Popular Music 17 Cm :
6-gk'lIon $2.00 ?ze for To-day only we offer six popular ]
$1.42 80n 5 3 an d latest m'trnmsntal pieces at VA:N$v£\| jjE&jfflQJJ ]&$)%£> '
10-jrallon «3.50 siz> f'or"""""'.$2.e8 the veiy special price— 4 ' <5 *<S4^g§^ / ,
House-Furnlshinzs— Main Floor. SeVOTiteGn GentS Copy. SCVDn'PICCO Borry Or I CO" '
"The Blue and Gray." by Dresser. CrO3m SotS—L&TgQ bowl and 6 ;
__ _ - * ... . "My Susie Anna From Louisiana." small «<Uhpq thrp« qtvleq two of '
MnwaBfvt 0u r entire line of "Ciorine." Lee johnson-s latest ballad. small disnes tnree styles, two 01,
fWl*V~»*«Jf Ttfrv»Uir Tmnnrtpd "My Money Never Give, Out." which are shown in picture; amber Or •
Tucked S.ck2f waist and SSS^J&^S cr ? 3ta ; 39; T larly ? c ?ot; 9pcchl :
„ , . , Yoke Fabrics, 26 to Tw O - s tep. price io-Jsr. set comp ete.... ,q .
i9 inches wide, White- Muslc Department-Second Floor. «*•**» •
nnd 3 good assortment Of COloring3-tO- Crockery Department-Main Floor. ,
S£S=£T£r ,*_ S3.OO Skirts SU7B. JKoDinitiesJGa.^
iar Prices* 1L acaitioa to W0Vi3:r stripes, dots and checks, a's-) \
-=r/fT\\ T man T v , b «K alIH solid color., that wjra 2oc yard-on \
— - - m »r> i- // i \ \ • °.°S r J . a y.V le ,f r - special sale to-day and bal- --, 3
Embroidered*™ «™ p. | \ » g s» e m ame- a p acaofweek .^....:. 16c
line cf color- i\ > f '>\ J*artmen\ we offer, I
Skirting iLrlt 'U J |\ "fe^ Cam - Millinery Special, j
rtannelSa neh, fancy , h Ji j i|T\\ brie Skirt", with In addition to our Ja'y clearing ba-gaina ,
stripes and plain co'oringa — pink, bue, doable icffli of in this depirtnnnt W3 offer 'Roush ¦
parnet, heliotrope, navy. etc. — a'l care- fffi*§x5jjgff§3!^\ embroidery and and R3adv" Straw Hits, tr.mmed with ;
fully embroi Jered with Fi k and in every Ml-A if II, '''.^A. embroidery inser- large bow of fine all-si:k taffet.% price ,
way desirable- todty and balance of f^^i%&zi?j> tJ *\ tion, with cluster a'wiy* $5.00. to-d3y only $2,50 •
week, &EfSsJ^W£A&$ of tuck", a first- Second Floor-Front. ;
One- Quarter Off Regular \7*T K^ eonn cla33 . . sW ? that MoneV-SaVintt
D M r AA » sells alwavs at $3.00- spec.a to- d^v ' *"**"i,y ~**w^mhij
FriCCS ' ;. $1-75 Groceries 'Liquors
n— **. * *mm Infants' Long Nainsook slips, rt~Hhm'* *nin—t n a™
25C Cr8fOnneS 17C. yoke of fhe. n»t embroidery, regu arlv Ba _'* S ?°**J4 "bars 5O6 \
32-inch French Crotonnes, single or '1.50 ±**-£f*£r- " 05c {Umi'^OC ZTDrtti' 10 a customer.) '<
double "faced, pre'ty floral design?, suit- Second ™°°*-*<*r Eiexator. Fancy Paoer Siell Afmontfs-lb.J. ]
able for nun'ie or chamber drapes, couch /4i5 •
or pillow coverings, et:.; regularly 25c —,-„-_, - Oysters— '•VicVcr>'* Extra' Standard! '
yard— to-day an! durinr the week. ..17o POItit UC PariS 2-lb C3n««. to-day 23o \
Draperj" Department-Main Floor. - *»*»«c f At* TTstwri FsnCy ImOOrtcd SardinCS— '
— , _ l-«ft»«?» f^lr BcSJUi Arsona braid, ia pure olive oil ;
StSGCiaS 200 pieces in 5-ya'd Toda7 and during the week yoar choirs of -2 BOXCS 25(2 \
ZL m __ . lerg hs of black 15U0 yards of Pohr. de Paris Laces, high- Bourbon Wh skoy- Oir 12.50 ¦
Sai e dflff 6 ! taffeta Skirt Linin ' grade good^, in widtis from 2 to 5 per gallon quality, to-^ay $2.00 \
_ » , with fancy co'ored in:hes. not a piece worth less than 20c Claret Sato To-Day-Onr popu- !
SmininffSm bordsr. width 36 yard, aid much of it 3 )c value — fJV~+ Iar, salisfactory 40c per gal- o —
irches and value for $1 a piece— to-day all at the uniform price, per yard. MnhG ] on onality for jSmC '
and ba'ance of waek ttieSC 38C Sales Table— Main Aisle. / Main Floor— Rear. \
-* 4$ b§] ; M0& IW^ Ecxos for
Mdvei e - *m i^^Zr* n _« «£*. n *t* ** T Hi the Country
€&^>i<gS^ra iCeate »aa5^ia.i*» "B without :
tisement. CALIFORNIA , S i^rqest-america's grandest store £xira char a°
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES €5&A
j£)k REQUIRED JPy
Our removable fcrtdes wcrk is fceauttfal an4
durable. Warranted W years.
.^¦^^^ Our $5-00 Plates
AwSrei'ffS^^ijr palo'es* extracting
BQlpX^T^Qr^^yi^F ls patented and
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
rainless Extraction 25o
Removable Bridgework §3.0r»
Crowns *2.0O to f3.O<>
Pur* Gold Fillings *1.00
Amalgam •. 5Oc
Gold and Platina #1.00
Silver FllllnKs 50o
Mrs. Dr. R- L. Walsh will attend to tha
children's teeth— painlessly.
DR. Ft. I~. V/l/AI^St-f.
813>i GEART ST., between Hyde and *Larkln.
Office Hours— 0 a. m. to 5 i>. m. ; Sundays.
5 to 12. Telephone Polk 1135.
pS5»§3«5^ SAME shape Y&»fa!8SB5
IgWjTjgSl'vTWO CLUAl.niE.Sy/ gte*SgCB
leS*<jjfS3ffl /\ KWSScSc
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OIL
By the carlcad. In any fjuaatity, at any rail-
road station.
Address Room 47. Eighth Floor. M1113 Build.
Ing. San Francisco.
'^§^^5 MARKET SLSiy§!&tfMore Smuggled Opium Seized.
Customs searchers seized yesterday
morning 130 tins of smuggled opium on
board the Walla Walla. The stuff was in
the trunk of a commercial traveler and
is valued at $20SO. Deputy Surveyor St
John has ordered a searching investiga
tion into the matter.
The Deputy Sheriff in drunken, murderous
cruelty killed two men at a San Jose picnic the other
clay ami then proudly called attention to his marks
lr.anship ought to' be made to feel that a shot through
a gallows trap is quite as effective.
¦ ¦ »
The world-appalling massacres in China are terrify
ing evidence that the coveted open door for which
the nations were ready, to fly at one another's throats
is one of those dread doors of death which never
I open outward.
i
The trouble Lord Roberts is having with the Boers
is due not so much to his inability to catch their
detachments as to their ability to catch his every
time one of them gets any distance from the main
army:
To Hasten the War Tax Cage.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford has
made application to the Supreme Court
to have advanced on tbe calendar the ap
pealed case of Wells. Fargo & Co. This
is the action broucht to compel the
transportation company to pay and cancel
the -wrar revenue stamp?, at present foeins
paid by the shippsrs. In the lower court
the company lost.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN;
REWARD OF THE RIGHTEOUS
"And he only gave you a dime for find
ing his big pocketbook? -
"That's all. He said he would have
given me more, but the money in the
pocketbook wasn't his. He was only hold
ing it in trust for a client. So he gave me
a plugged dime."
"Plugged?" v.'
"Yep. But he said if I'd bring It around
to his office in a day or two he would give
me a nickel for it." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
NOT OLD ENOUGH TO MARRY.
"No." said a fond mother speaking of
her 25-year-old daughter; "no, May isn't
old enough to marry yet. She cries when
ever any one scolds her, and until she be
comes hardened enough to reply vigorous
ly she isn't *it for a wife." — Ohio State
Journal.
HER GOLDEN FUTURE. . v
"I'm going to marry- a man with half a
million dollars," said the girl in the bicy
cle suit.
"I'm glad to hear it," said the other girl.
"Who is he?"
"Oh. I mustn't tell 'you that. He hasn't
got it nil yet."— Chicago Tribune.
POINT NOT WELL TAKEN.
Ethel (to her younger brother, who had
been wh!pped)->-Don't mind, brother, don't
mind.
Brother (between sobs)— That's • -just
what I was licked fer.— Ohio State
Journal. ¦ /
"You reckon the major's goin' to run fer
office next year?"
"Goin' to run? Why, sakes alive, man
he hain't never quit:"— Atlanta Constitu
tion.
CALIF0RNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. July 17.— J. Bermlng
ham of San Francisco is at the Arlington;
George "W. Jackson of Sacramento is at
the Raleigh; M. Newhall of Los. Angeles
is at the Metropolitan.
LOS ANGELES BILLBOARDS
A LOS ANGELES ordinance limiting the height
of advertising fences to six feet has been
• clared valid by the courts. The reports of the
case state that the decision of the Judge "covers every
isfue involved in the dispute between the billposters
snd the authorities of various cities who have sought
-to check the skyward flight of the billboards. After
referring to section 11 of article XI of the State con
stitution, which give? county, city, town and township
government control of police and sanitary rejjulntions.
the court goes on to ftate (hat this-powcr is confirmed
by the charter of the city."
The decision is one more victory for a reform
movement now under way in every part of the Union,
and. indeed, over a considerable portion of Europe as
well, for we have had occasion to recently note the
steps that have been taken in France and in Great
Britain to abate the nuisance of billboajd advertising,
not only in large cities, but at all stations along rail
wav lines.
It is not creditable to San Francisco that Los An
g{J e * should have been permitted to lead in this im
portant reform. We have been forced to content our
selves with the passage of an ordinance limiting the
height of advertising fences to ten feet, and to he
rnforc<*d a year hence. I-os Angeles restricts such
fences to fix feet and the order is in effect now.
Congratulations arc due to the thriving metropolis
of the south. By *he removal from her streets of the
towering, lurid and dangerous advertising fences,
which have become &o» common in American cities,
her attractiveness to persons of artistic taste will be
much increased. Ir>. the end similar ordinances will
be enforced everywhere. Los Angeles has the satis
faction of leading rhr way, and now that the validity
of her ordinance has been sustained it will not be long
befor* other cities will follow the example.
Constitution Submitted and Adopted,
Meeting Days Arranged and
Registration Fee Fixed.
The Pacific Cat Club met yesterday af
ternoon in the parlor of the California
Hotel to elect efficera and transact other
business.
The constitution was read and adopted
as a whole. It was decided that the
registration fee be fixed at &> cents, and
that the meetings of the club be held on
thf> first "Wednesday of each month. Th*
following officers were unanimously
elected:
President. Mrs. C. E. Martllng; vice
president, Mrs. A. H. lioag; corresponding
secretary, Mrs. Alfred D. Robinson: re
cording secretary. Mrs. A. H. Brod:
treasurer. Mrs. C. K. Hllderbrand: com
mittee on finance — Mm. A. II. Broil. Mrs.
J. K. Wagner. Committees were named
as follows: Committee or* membership-
Mrs. J. M. Peel. Mrs. W. E. Shopman.
Mrs. A. H. Hoag: committee on printing
Mrs. K. Van Court. Mrs. Alfred t>. Robin
son. Mrs. C. E. Hilderbrand; committee
on stud book and registration— Mrs A. H
Haag and Mrs. C. E. Martling.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS
OF PACIFIC CAT CLUB
R. H. Herron, a millionaire oil man of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Captain W. H. McMinn of Mission San
Jose is registered at the Lick.
T. W. Konns of the Santa Fe Company
is at the Lick, registered from Topeka.
Kans.
W. W. Chapln, a well known Sacra
mento merchant, is a guest at the Palace.
Crittemien Hampton, a. mining man of
Sonora, is a guest of the Lick.
Dr. Kent, a well-known physician of
Sonora, is stopping at the LJck.
Clifton Grannan, a civil service official
of the British War Department, is at the
Lick.
"Joe" Chanslor. a big oil speculator
from the Angel City, is registered at the
Palace. •
\V. G. Nevin, a prominent official of the
Santa Fe Company, is registered at the
Palace. He came to the city to attend
the annual meeting of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railroad Com
pany. . ;.-. j
George C, Coles is at the California. He
arrived from Japan on the Belgian King,
accompanied by his wife and son, and is
on his way to London to take the com
mand of a new steamer." Mr. Coles has
been for five years first officer of the Bel
gian King, and was on Monday evening
given a banquet by Captain George L.
Weiss of the vessel named and its deck
officers. v!^->
PERSONAL MENTION.
Deputy Superintendent Howard Sub
mits Figures on Enrollment and
Attendance of Pupils.
The report on the schoolp of San Fran
cisco Is now being prepared by Deputy
Superintendent Howard and Is based on
the reports of the principals of the. vari
ous schools. The- report shows that there
are 9^2 teachers in regular employment in
the department, of whom SO are men and
S>2 women.
The total enrollment of pupils In all
schools is 4S.058. Of these 45,124 attend the
primary and grammar schools and 1934
the high schools. The average dally at
tendance during the year ending June 30,
19ft0. was 33.W1, the average number be
longing to the high, grammar and pri
mary schools being ST. 413.
The number of pupils In the primary
grades was 2S.032; in the grammar grades
18.092; high school grades 1934.
The reports of the principals from which
the foregoing figures were compiled In
cluded data on attendance, absence and
enrollment of pupils, the reports being In
all cases complete and correct.
PREPARING REPORTS ON
THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
There is going to be another revolution
in the "Black Stack" tugboat service. At
the outbreak of the Spanish war Uncle
Sam took possession of the Fearless, Act
ive and Vigilant. The Fearless, renamed
the Iroquois, is now used as a cruiser
among the Hawaiian Islands, the Vigilant
runs between the naval station at Goat
Island and San Francisco, while the Active
is at Mare Island.
The loss; of *hese three vessels necessi
tated the building of another tug by the
company. ,The work was intrusted to the
Union Iron Woiks, and the new Fearless
was the result.
The. new Fearless has n6°w been ordered
to Honolulu by the Spreckels Tugboat
Company, and will be seen in company
with her namesake off Diamond Head In
the near future. She will leave here in
command of Captain Gilbert Brokaw. who
will remain in charge, while she is at the
Islands. Captain ' Harry Marshall, who Is
now in command of the Fearless, will
take charge of the Reliance until the new
steamer arrives from the East.
Water Front Notes.
The Spreckelrf Tugboat Company has
purchased In tho East the magnificent tuff
Lewis Luckenback. She is an ocean going
vessel and one cf the most successful tus
boats on the Atlantic. She ia ten feet
longer than the Relief and proportionately
larger. Captain McCoy, the superintend
ent of the Spreckels Tugboat Company,
is now on his way East to bring out the
new boat.
The tuff Reliof leaves this morning for
Santa Barbara to tow the dismasted bark
J. C. Pflugcr to San Francisco.
•J. Trainor. a llrcman on the steamer
Charles D. Lane, got Into an altercation
with one of the engineers Monday night.
He -was treated at the Harbor Hospital
by Drs. Robinson and Bauer for a com
pound fracture of the left leg. Trainor re
members getting "one on the jaw" and
nothing more.
The steamer Charles D. Lane is to be
overhauled at Fremont street, and will eo
north again next week. Her foremast
"buckled" whiie freight was being dis
charged at Xorce and a new one Is to be
put in.
The Fearless Goes to Hawaii and the
Lewis Luckenbaok Comes From
the East to Take Her
• Place.
A New Tug for the Spreckels
Towboat Company Is on
the Way.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
0 DISTFflBUTION OF WOMEN.
\.\ ANY are the movements for establishing
/ \ closer relations between Great Britain and her
* colonies that have been started in London
since the outburst of the imperial spirit caused by the
war in South Africa, but about the most interesting
cf them all is one for promoting an emigration of
women from the mother country to Canada, Australia
and South Africa.
Throughout the colonies there is a notable majority
of men over women, while in Great Britain, and es
pecially in London, there are far more women than
men. Reformers who have plenty of time to take
thought about the welfare of the world regard the
existing condition of things in that respect' as preju
dicial to the old country and to the colonies, to men
and to women. They have therefore started a move
ment to bring about .what they call "sex equilibrium,"
and are urging it forward with a good deal of en
thusiasm and faith.
The British Government has tried in various ways
to induce an emigration of women to the colonies,
but has failed. The girls prefer to be unmarried in
London rather than married in Australia, South
Africa or even British Columbia. It is said there are
upward of 500.000 marriageable girls in London who
should go out and colonize, but who refuse to go.
Thus there exists within the empire the defect of hav
ing too many men at the extremities and too many
women at the capital.
After profoundly considering the problem the re
formers have come to the conclusion that the reason
the girls are not willing to accept governmental as
sistance and go to the colonies is because they have
not been properly introduced to the young men who
live out there. The British maiden has respect for
the conventionalities of society, and will not go
io.ooo miles to marry a man Jo. whom she has not
been introduced. Acting upon that belief the re
formers propose a new plan for governmental action.
Instead of offering inducements for the girls to emi
grate, they propose that the Government offer some
thing like a bounty for young men in the colonies to
go to London and meet the girls there.
The scheme is unquestionably correct from a so
cial point of view. Mrs. Grundy can surely be
counted on to give it her warmest approval. It is cer
tainly much more proper for the man to seek the girl
than for the girl to seek the man. and an'introduc
tion should of course precede a marriage. Should
the bounty offered by the Government for young
colonial wife-seekers io visit London be larc^e
enough to pay first class fare both ways the travel will
be considerable. The experiment will be watched in
this country with no little interest, for should it prove
successful perhaps Uncle Sam will offer a bounty for
young men of the West to go East and get introduced
to the surplus women of Massachusetts.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE
ELECTED OFFICERS
Also Raised Money by Subscriptions
for Support of Kindergarten
Bearing Its Name.
The annual election of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange, which took place
yesterdayr resulted In a victory for the
regular ticket. G. "W. ilcNear wus elected
president for the second time; H. Sher
wood, vice president: H. F. Allen, treas
urer; E. Gauthler Jr., E. "W. Ferguson.
E. E. Kahn, Max I. Koshland. E. A.
Bre3se and J. E. de Ruyter. director. A
committee on appeals was also elected,
consisting of Maurice Casey. J. J. Moore.
Henry Sinsheimer, H. A. Mayhew and J.
M. Pettlgrew.
Four of those elected, namely. Henry
F. Allen. John E. de Ruyter, E. Gauthier
Jr. and Max I. Koahland, were on both
tne regular and the opposition ticket. The
opposition was headed by Harvey C. Som
ers. The contest was not very sharp, only
about 85 votes being cast, out of a pos
sible 200. McNear for president received
57 votes against 2S for Somers. The offi
cers will be Installed and appointive offi
cers will be named by the board of direc
tors to-day, when the old board of orti
cers will report . the transactions of tha
year last past.
For the maintenance of the Produce Ex
change Kindergarten, which has been re
moved from 1233 Pacific street to Eigh
teenth and Hartford streets, subscriptions
were received by a committee to ' tha
amount of about $700. This will probably
be increased to $S00. E. B. Cutter, John
Wightman and E. R. LJl!e.nthal ara the
committee on subscriptions.
Commissioners Alone Have Power to
Specify What Improvements
Shall Be Made.
The City Attorney filed an opinion yes.
terday In which he holds that the Board
of Supervisors has no power either to
subdivide the park fund or to direct how
any portion thereof shall be used. The
City Attorney quotes the charter In sub
stantiation of his opinion, which is prac
tically the same as outlined in an article
on trie subject published in The Call of
July 8. The opinion, which is given on
a resolution regarding- the setting aside
in the "budget" the sum of $5000 lor Im
proving the Hospital Lot Park, says in
conclusion: .
The I'ark Commissioners have exclusive man
agement of the parks. It is for them alone to
say what Improvements shall be made and
iiow the general atfairs of the municipal park
Fyste-m shall be conducted. It would be alto
gether without reason, therefore, to hold that
the Board of Supervisors should appropriate
money for a specific purpose which it had no
power to effect.
The charter places a limit below which the
tax levy for park purposes cannot be fixed,
viz • five cents upon each one hundred dollars
of taxable property In the city and county. The
Hoard /of {Supervisors is required to levy at
loa«t this tax. This provision was Inserted in
the charter doubtless by way of precaution
against possible indifference of the Supervisors
to the Interests of the parks or because of a
fear of possible conflict between such board
and the Park Commission. The purpose was
to make the Park Commission an independent
branch of the municipal government. If the
Hoard of Supervisors had the power to dlv.de
the park fund and compel its use as It might
see fit, there would be no value in such provis
ion and the character of the commission would
be converted from one having discretion and
control into one purely administrative.
SUPERVISORS HAVE NO
CONTROL OF PARK FUND
AN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION.
. . ,
¦ f AVING been calied upon by a resolution ot ths
| 1 board to give an opinion whether the Super
* * visors have power to designate any specific im
provement to be made out of the park fund when
compiling the budget, and whether the Park Comrnis-^
sioners would be required to use the amount set aside
lor the purpose designated and no other, City Attor
ney Lane has clearly and emphatically upheld the in
dependence of the commission. His view is in ac
cord with that taken by the Park Commissioners
themselves and by the Auditor, and will doubtless be
accepted as a final. settlement of the question.
After quoting the various sections of charter in
volved in the issue, the City Attorney says: "All of
these provisions and others which need not be cited
go to show how full is the trust reposed in the Park
Commissioners. They have the "exclusive manage
ment and disbursement oi all funds.' It is not within
the power of the Board of Supervisors to say how any
portion of the park fund shall be used. There is no
limitation throughout the charter upon this plenary
grant of power. If it were possible for the Board o£
Supervisors to say how any part of the fund must be
used, it would be po?-ible for it to subdivide the entire
fund and thereby control to the utmost the managerial
policy of the commission — a conclusion obnoxious to
the letter and the spvit of the charter."
It is further pointed out that the Park Commission
ers have exclusive management of the parks, and it is
for them alone to -determine what improvements shall
be made and how the general affairs of the municipal
park system shall be conducted. The charter places
a limit below which the tax levy for park purposes
shall not be fixed, and. as the City Attorney says:
"This provision was inserted in the charter doubtless
by way of precaution against the possible indifference
of the Supervisors *o the interests of the parks, or be
cause of a fear of possible conflict between such board
and the Park Commission. The purpose was to make
the Park Commission an independent branch of the
municipal government. If the Board of Supervisors
had the power to divide the park fund and compel its
a;se as it might see fit. there would be no value in
ruch a provision, and the character of the commission
•>would be converted from one having discretion and
control into one purely administrative."
By this opinion a conclusion has probably been
put to Mayor Phclan's efforts to dictate to the Park
Commission and mal»e that body subordinate to his
r»-m. His scheme of converting the park lodge into
a branch library was a foolish one in itself, for peo^
T>le go to the parks for out-of-door recreation and
tot to sit in a hou?e and read. It has served, however,
<a good purpose in bringing this issue to a prompt
test, and demonetratinp the wisdom of the charter
inakers in establishing the Park Commission as an
> *ndependent^)ranch of the municipal government in
fco way subordinate to the politicians of the City Hall.
¦ — —
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Mana^er^
HAVtGER'S OFFICE . . •^-^- ; Tt 1 '" 1^ 1 ".^™"^- ""^--5^
PUBLICATION OFFICE... MnrUotnnd Third. S. K.
Telephone Press JMl.
EDITOniAL BOOMS 217 to 2^1 Stereniion St.
Telephone I*rm« 2O'i.
Delivered t*r Cnrrlrrm. XT. Cent* Ter AVeeU.
Mnclc Copl*«. 5 Cent*.
Terms for Mail. Inclntline VomtntS^t
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one y»ar tt.O?
DAILT CALL (Including Bunday). d months J.M
DAILY CALL rtnciudinjr 6undaj->. 3 months 1.W
DAILY CALL— By Single Montn «•*[
BVTSTfAY CALL On* Year J-J*>
MEKKL.T CALL One Tear L00
?II poitmaiter* are nntlinrlr.ed to recelre
: x." ¦uttacrtptiona.
Staple ccpiea will be forwarded when rfquntfd.
-'^ " w ,, v
Mali *ub«crlber« In orderir.r change of address should be
particular to flv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lesure a prompt usd ccriwt compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.... 1118 Broadway
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH....... 30 Tribune Building
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
URWOf OFFICES— KTi Vcr.ttcmery. ccraer of Clay. op*n
entll I: JO o'clock. STO Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. 6M
McAllister, oper. until 3:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
• :» o'clock. :S4l Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22CI Market.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 109$ Valencia, opea
until 9 o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, cpen until » o'clock. NW cor
cer Twenty-»frccnd and Kentucky, cpen until » o'clock.
Not for some time have the officers at
the Presidio had such a busy day as yes
terday. Those of the artillery branch of
the service were particularly affected, as
orders were received early in the day to
"make ready for foreign service as soon
as possible."
Under the circumstances existing: at
present, foreign service means China and
a chance to avepge the deaths of their
comrades who were massacred by the
Boxers.- The troops now at the Presidio
will probably leave for the Qrient about
August 1, and the transports Meade and
Hancock will be used for their transpor
tation. Batteries I. O and A of the Third
Artillery, stationed at Aleatraz and the
Presidio, and Battery D of San Diego are
the envied ones.
There are now en route from the East
the followinp troops, whose probable des
tination is China, news of their starting
being made public to-day: Company R of
the "Battalion of Engineers from West
Point, four companies of the Third Bat.
talion of the Fifteenth Infantry, one com
pany from Atlanta. Ga., and three com
panies from Governor? Island, New lork.
They will leave here about August 1.
Their probable destination is China.
The horses of the Third Cavalry will be
shipped on the Aztec August 5 and those
of the Ninth Cavalry will leave here on
the Strathgyle August 7. The horses of
the First Cavalry will be shipped from
Seattle on the Athenian, which is booked
tn leave the latter part of this month.
The troopers are expected to arrive here
in time to take passage for China about
the same time.
Troops That Are Now En Route Here
From the East— Aztec and
Strathgyle to Carry
Horses.
Officers and Men Anxious to
Proceed to China With
out Delay.
ARTILLERYMEN
ARE ORDERED TO
MAKE READY
WITH so many vast movements and disturb
ances going on in Asia to hold the attention of
the world, there is little opportunity given to
note the appearance there of minor events even when
they are portentous of evil to come. A new compli
cation which has just arisen on the Afghan border
is, however, sufficiently important to merit at least a
passing study even in these troublous times of Rus
sian aggression, Indian famine and Chinese insurrec
tion.
For a long time past the British Government has
had tinder consideration the construction of a railway
fiom Pcshawur to Khyber Pass. The distance to be
covered by the road is only twelve miles, but that nar
row space is in the territory of the Afridis, and to
cross it is something like crossing the Rubicon — a
thing easy enough in itself, but certain to entail far
reaching consequences.
"The line is desired by the British because it will
connect the whole railway system of India with the
gateway into Afghanistan, and enable the transporta
tion of troops in large numbers to the danger point
at any moment they might be needed. After hesi
tating over the project for years the Indian Govern
ment has recently decided to act, and a dis
patch from India announces that it is now definitely
settled that the road will be completed within three
month?.
The same dispatch states: "One of the more im
mediate results of the r.ew railway has been to plunge
th'e Afridis into almost open revolt. The greater part
of the new line runs through Afridi country, and no
subsidy can entirely recompense the Afridi for the
utilization of his country for the purpose."
A little scrimmage, with the Afridis would not b;
much in the way of- a war in these times, nor will it
impose any great task upon the Indian Government
tc provide a force sufficient to guard a twelve-mile line
of railway through the Afridi territory, but the hos
tility of that small tribe of mountaineers is not the
only element of danger in the problem. There is the
Ameer of Afghanistan to be considered. What view
will he take of a road that brings the British in force
to the very gate of his country?
The London Chronicle takes a cheerful view of th.2
situation. It concedes, indeed, that if the road were
extended twenty-four miles farther, so as to have
its terminus beyond Khyber Pass, it might be a sub
ject of trouble, but it does not look for anything like
war as the matter stands. Reviewing the whole sub
ject the Chronicle says: "As it is, the railway forms a
pendant to that already existing at Quctta, and brings
our advanced base on the Khyber line to practically
the same distance from Kabul as New Chaman is from
Kandahar. With the aid of these two railways we
could pour an army into either Northern or Southern
Afghanistan. without having recourse to the Karram
line, which was utilized on the last occasion by Lord
Roberts. The Ameer will naturally view the move
ment with some distrust; but the project has been so
long in hand that he has no ground for complaint, in
view of the fact that the present terminus of the line
will be twenty-four miles within our own border."
That is the British view of it. In the meantime the
Afridis are on the warpath, the Viceroy of India ii
getting ready to open the line with great ceremony,
and the Ameer of Afghanistan is studying the situa
tion and trying to make up his mind what he will do
when the issue is up to him.
A LITTLE SIDE TROUBLE.
Final Accounting Leaves Balance of
More Than §25,000 That Will
Be Promptly Repaid to
Subscribers.
The citizens' relief committee wound up
its business yesterday and adjourned sine
die. All accounts having been audited and
approved and all bills having been settled.
the committee was in a position to report
that the subscribers to the emergency
fund would receive back about 7SV; per
cent of the amount of their subscriptions.
The final reports submitted show that
the total collections amounted to $32.1*8 bo
and that there will be a balance of $23.
isti 11 after meeting all obligations. With
the report, which was prepared by the
secretary, Eugene tioodwin. was submit
ted a list of tne subscribers and also the
amounts due them respectively. A. A.
Watkins, president of the committee, pre
sided. Andrew Carripan. president of
the quarantine committee; G. W. Mo-
Near'Jr., president of the commissary
committee, and Walter M. Castle,
president- of the sanitation committee,
were present. The cost of the several
branches of the work done in Chinatown
by the committee was reported to be aa
follows: Quarantine, $3S7>> 60- sanitation.
$1172 S3: commissary, Jlool 22. The miscel
laneous expenses amounted to $23155,
making a total of I6W2C3.
The members of the committee who tcok
an active part In the work were the fol
lowing named: A. A. Watkins, Andrew
Carrigan, Levt Strauss. R. P. Jennlng3.
S. Nickelsburg. Joseph SIoss. William
Haas. H. D. Loveland. Eugene Goodwin.
Walter M. Castle. William Cluff. C. R.
Havens, G. W. McXear Jr. and Lawrence
Harris. The expenses were for subsist
ence for Indigent Chinese during the quar
antine maintained by the bubonic Board
of Health, equipping the sulphur fumes
generator with an engine, flushing streets
and sewers, the purchase of a garbages
crematory, for gathering and destroying
garbage, the distributing of lime and also
for the preliminary work at Mission Rock,
where the wharf was repaired and tanks
were constructed.
Citizens' Relief Committee
Makes Good Showing
and Retires.:
SURPLUS NOW TO
BE RECEIVED BY
THE MERCHANTS
BRY0N ON GOLD.
IN 1S93 the Democratic convention of Nebraska in
dorsed President Cleveland in demanding repeal ot
the purchasing clause of the Sherman act. There
upon Mr. Bryan, who was a member of the conven
tion, made a partihg-cf-the-ways speech, in which he
said:
"Gentlemen, I know not what others may do, but
duty to country is above duty to party. If the D.emo
cratic party, after you go home, indorses your action
and makes your position its permanent policy, 1
promise you that I will go out and serve my country
and my God under some other name, even if I must
go alone."
Well, the Nebraska Democracy did indorse that ac
tion and Mr. Bryan bolted, formed a mongrel fusion
with the Populists, and started out on the crooked
political path he has followed since. In 1896 that
straight Democracy of Nebraska held its convention
under the call of the National Committee, made its
delegation regularly and commissioned it to the Cho
cago convention. Mr. Tobias Castor was' the Ne
braska member of the National Committee and had
i.ot followed Mr. Bryan in bolting. Mr. Bryan ap
peared in Chicago at the head of a delegation of Pop
ulists, greeenbackers and political rag. tag and bob
tails, and Tillman, Jones & Company voted the regu
lar and straight delegation out and Bryan and his
mongrels in.
The young man changed his mind about "going
cut alone" and preferring country to party. When
the regular Democrats determined to stand by their
country, its credit and its integrity, rather than go
I'opulizing after ofiice with Mr. Bryan, he said in his
speech in Richmond, Va.: "I want to warn you who
are contemplating deserting from the Democratic
party at this time that the man who in the face of
such an enemy either goes to the rear or is found in
secret conference with the enemy is a traitor upon
whom the brand shall be placed and he shall not
come back."
That is a very fair index to Mr. Bryan's character.
When he bolted a party action that was in line with
the party policy and history he was serving God and
his country! When other men refused to desert their
party principles and history they were traitors, for
bidden by this upstart dictator to "come back!"
In 1896 his speeches were cast in the fashion of
anarchy. He used the language of the destroyer and
sought by every means. to rouse in his hearers the
spirit of violence and destruction. On August 25 he
said at Albany. X. V. : "We have then to consider
this question: Ought the American people to sub
mit longer to a gold standard? The Democratic party
has begun a war of extermination against the gold
standard. We ask no quarter. We give no quarter.
We shall prosecute our warfare until there is not a
single American citizen that dares to advocate a gold
standard policy. You ask why? We reply that the
gold standard is a conspiracy against the human race,
rnd that we should no more join it than we would an
rimy to destroy our homes and to destroy our fami
lies."
Fine talk for an aspirant to the Presidency, but well
calculated to cultivate in his partisans that spirit of
violent intolerance expressed in his Richmond speech.
At Syracuse, N. Y., August 24, he said: . "My
friends, the conspiracy we have to meet is a conspiracy
which has for its object the striking down of silver.
And that can only mean a gradual and continual in
crease in the purchasing power of the dollar, and that
means an indefinite season during which the holders
of fixed investments gather more than they loan and
during which those whe owe debts will pay more than
they agree to pay — an indefinite season during which
it will be more profitable to hoard money or loan it
than to invest it in enterprises or property."
That may be taken as a fair exposure of his knowl
edge of economics. What profit does hoarded money
pay? Money earns only when in use, not when it is
dormant. Again, if the dollar buys more property,
by increase in its purchasing power, why should those
who have it hoard or loan it in preference to buying
property? And. still again, what hinders those who
borrow it from buying property and so taking-ad
vantage of its increasing purchasing power? As a
rrfatter of fact, since the gold standard was established
by the vote of 1896 the purchasing power of the dol
lar has steadily decreased instead of increasing, as this
Mahdi of the Platte said it would. In 1896 sheep in
Nebraska were $1 81 per head; now they are $2 86.
Wool was 6 cents n pound; now it is 14. Wheat
was 50 cents a bushel; now it is 80 cents. Corn was
16 cents a bushel; now it is 44 cents. Oats were U
cents a bushel: now they are 24. Hogs were
$z 85 per cwt.; now they are $5 25. Steers were $.?
per cwt.; now they are $5 75. Horses arc worth 60
per cent more, and so runs the decrease in the pur
chasing power of a dollar through the whole list of
American productions. His foresight was vain. His
prophecy was foolish. Not a line nor letter of it has
come true. Then what are we to think of the political
judgment, the public spirit and the patriotism of thosft
men who insist on presenting him again as a can
didate, in whom there is the sum of all wisdom?
At Erie, Pa., on August 24, he said: "Do not let
the Republicans beguile you about the future. The
future is written in blood, crushed out of you by
What was then that future is now the past and
the present. Out of whom has gold crushed blood?
September 1 he said at Columbus, Ohio: "I call
your attention to the fact that no party in the history
of this country has ever in a national convention
commended the gold standard. Its effects are so bad
that no party has ever dared to uphold it. The ad
vocates of the gold standard have never dared to sub
mit the arbitration of the Rold standard to the ballot.
Every step that' has been, taken has been taken by
stealth and without the approval of the American
people."
In his Populistic oration to the convention which
nominated him he said, in paraphrase of Patrick
Henry: "We are fighting in defense of our homes.
our families and our posterity. We have petitioned,
and our petitions have been scorned. We hav*. en
tieat'd. and our entreaties have been disregarded.
We h.ye begged, and they have mocked, and our
calamity came. We beg no longer. We entreat no
more. We defy them."
Now who are "they" and "them" pointed to in all
this vaporing? f '.?-.;;
Looked at in the perspective of 1896, Colonel Bryan
remains now the sanw size he was then, and we feel
sure that ;f the Gold Democrats are ready to admit
that they were wron;? and "traitors," they still would
prefer that fomc other than he should be the bene
ficiary of their abasement.
PRESS COMMENT
ON
PROBATE FRAUDS
(SACRAMENTO BEE.)
The Call, followed by other pa
pers has had the good fortune to
expose one of the worst frauds ever
perpetrated In probate .proceedings
at San Francisco, and the confes
sion of Attorney Chretien completes
the story of a shameful piece of
robbery. So great a volume of pro
bate business Is done In that city
that the two Superior Court Judges
having charge of it are scarcely
able to give It proper attention. The
wonder is that such frauds are not
more frequently committed. In con
nection with this Sullivan case
Judge Troutt has had the good
sense to say:
I shall never Impugn the motives of
newspapers when they criticise the ac
tions of the Judge here or anybody else
in this court. I am satisfied that they
will endeavor to do justice, and if they
wrens anybody they will do so inadver
tently. I will always try to do my duty,
my public duty, as I see and understand
It and endeavor to prevent fraud betns
perpetrated upon the court. The action
of the press In this matter Is something
that I think has been of great advantage
to the community.
That shows a proper and becom
ing spirit. It is much better than
taking "high ground" and summon
ing newspaper men to be punished
for "contempt" In daring to publish
the truth. It conciliates public sen
timent and tends to make people
believe that Judge Troutt has been
the victim of a gros3 deception and
is not a party to the wrongdoing.
A rogue on the bench would have
been disposed to take "high ground"
in the matter and summon report
ers and publishers to show why
they should not be punished for
"contempt of court," when perhaps
they had been doing their best to
conceal it.
• • •
(GRASS VALLEY UNION.)
The disclosures at San Francisco
regarding the Joseph Sullivan estate
have been of the most scandalous
character. Attorney Chretien, who
has long had a shady reputation,
has been obliged to confess that by
means of forgery and false persona
tion he Imposed a bogus heir upon
the Superior Court and so obtained
a fraudulent distribution of an es
tate of $5000. The legal rascal has
been sent to jail, and should be
made to serve a term at San Quen
tin. There are many such lawyers
who merit the same treatment, but
they are smart enough to keep out
of the clutches of the law. Proba
bly there are numerous frauds of
the sort just disclosed in the Sulli
van estate, and the courts have had
a shock they will not soon forget.
• • , 5 • .
(ALAMEDA ARGUS.)
The lawyer Chretien wants to
be turned loose, declaring that
he has a purpose to "go to
the Orient." If he will give
bonds to never let up traveling till
he gets to Peking his proposition
may be fair enough in the abstract,
but there is not much moral stabil
ity in letting a man off who has of
fended one set of people upon the
promise that he will not do it to
them any more, but will go and do
it to somebody else. It is good sens©
and good policy to nab a criminal
or a flea wherever you come up
with him. In this case there are
undoubtedly others. And there Is
an abiding suspicion^ that the oth
ers are more anxious for Chretien
to go to the Orient than he Is. " -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
Federal Quarantine.
Dr. Kinyoun. Federal quarantine officer,
has ordered a quarantine against all ves
sels jind passengers coming from Hawaii
and Alaska because of the existence of
smallpox and typhoid fever at Nomevand
the alleged plague at Honolulu.
A local minister is convinced that if the diplomats
in China had paid more heed to the missionaries the
frightful reign of blood which is now affrighting the
world would not have happened. Some of the mis
sionary societies might wisely reach a conclusion that
the cost of their operations is now being counted in
somethine more precious than coin.
6
"Marshall" Fountain Pens for 11. "Wat-
erman" Idea Fountain Pens from $2.50 to
$7 each. Larjrest assortment In the city.
Commercial stationery and office supplies
at reasonable prices. Printing and en-
pravins done at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741
Market st. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mom-
somery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. srlace fruit 50c per R> at Townsead's.'
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj>f)eum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-ho-jye-'The Great Ruby."
California— 'At Gay Coney Island."
Columbia— "The Liars."
Alcazar— "Inr^mar."
Olympta, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zou and Theater— Vaudei-tlle every afternoon and
evening.
FiFc-hers— "Autumn Leaves"
Sutro nathf-Open Nieht*. _^^__^_
To neglect the hair Is to lose youth «nd come-
liness. Save it with Parker 1 * Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns, lj ct^
When a woman bringa out pnly one
glass, calls it a loving cup and asks all
her pru^sts to drink out of It there is al-
ways a suspicion amonp those not posted
on social customs that she hasn't enough
glasses to go around.— Atchison Globe.David E. Allison Fails.
David E. Allison, commission merchant,
San. Francisco, filed a petition In Insolv
ency yesterday In th<» United States Dis
trict Court. He recites that his failure
was brought about by the failure of the
firm of Allison & Co. His individual lia
bilities are $71,349. and he has no assets
The following are the principal creditors-
Crocker- "Wooiworth Kank, $50,000; ¦ J
Fleischman. 51200: H. L». de Merritt. S3G00-
Vrank Buck. $8000.
License on Kunners Modified.
The Supervisors' License and Orders
Committee recommended yesterday that
the ordinance imposing a license tax on
runners and soliciting agents be amended
so that a solicitor's license shall not be
required from a driver of a hackney car
riage or cab for soliciting: passengers for
his own carriage or cab. The ordinance
imposing a license on persons who peddle
merchandise from stationery wagons was
indefinitely postponed, the Tax Collector
statins that a peddler's license is imposed
on such persons. It was decided to im
pose a license of $3 per year on each chair
used on a bootblack stand.
No One Blamed for Lee's Death.
The Coroner's jury In the matter of the
death of Bartholraew Lee, who died at
the City Receiving Hospital on July 5
from a fractured skull, returned a verdict
that the injuries were received in a man
ner unknown to the jury. The officers
who arrested Lee were positive that there
were no brulBt^or cuts on his face at th*
time Prison Keeper John Parrott founn
Lee lying on the cement floor of the
drunks- cell at 9 o'clock in the morninsr
flve hours after arrost-with a bruise and
a cut over one eye and in an unconscious
condition. Leo was immediately removed
3,? % he S ty Rec< - |vln S Hospital, where he
died. Morgue- Surpeon Leland testified
the wound might have been caused by a
fall backward. Lee left a wife and three
small children destitute.
Attempts to Throw Carbolic Acid Into
His Face, but Liquid Burns
Her Own.
A young woman, barely more than a
girl, driven Insane by jealousy, attempted
to thow carbolic acid into the eyes of her
lover, on Mission street, near Fourth,
early yesterday morning, with disastrous
results to herself. The woman, who says
her name is Mrs. I^ong. trJls conflicting
stories. She says she was a mother at
15, and left her husband when the baby
v/as a year old. Since then she has cared
for herself. Unfortunately for all con
cerned she fell in love with a machinist.
The machinist had other sweethearts, and
of course there was trouble.
Mrs. Long laid in wait for her lover yes
terday morning, having learned that he
was paying particular attention to a young
woman employed In a Third-street res
taurant. When he approached she at
tempted to throw carbolic acid into his
eyes, and he.- putting up his hand in self
defense, caused the deadly fluid to fall all
over her own face. «•
The woman was taken' to the Harbor
Hospital, where Drs. Robinson and Bauer
did everything possible for her. She told
about a dozen different stories and must
have a vivid imagination, albeit she is not
yet out of her teens. . With scarce a
tremor in her voice she Raid she was
married when 14 and was a mother in her
fifteenth year. She deserted her husband
In Sacramento and came to San Fran
cisco. Here she met the machinist. She
went to work In a restaurant, and when
nfr lover failed to keep his appointments
she secured the enrbolic acid.
Mrs. Long was progressing toward re
covery last night, and the chances are
that her eyesight will not suffer.
YOUNG WOMAN TRIES TO
BUND HER FICKLE LOVER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
O'RYAN, SANTA CRUZ, July 17.—
There are 42O"contented cadets In
camp. They are as happy as a lit
tle boy at a circus. Three hearty
meals a day and plenty of fun are
making the boys feel like kings. Camp is
also a stern reality. Colonel Power and
his officers are keeping up the discipline
of the camp as In the regular army. As
an illustration of the discipline of the
camp, a cadet must salute the flag when
entering or leaving it, and If he falls to
do so his attention Is pointedly called
to the rule by one of the guards, and if he
refuses to honor Old Glory by doffing his
hat he is promptly thrown into the guard
house. It Is pleasant to relate that not
a cadet has been arrested for this breach
of military etiquette. Patriotism is not
lacking at Camp O'Ryan.
This morning the cadets lined up on the
beach and in the presence of hundreds
presented a programme of comic games.
In the evening the first sergeants of the
regiment held a dance in the pavilion at
the beach. An excellent orchestra ren
dered dance music and the affair was
highly successful.
Doctor Hopper, commander of Company
A, is the happiest man in camp. He is
the possessor of a piano, an organ, a rag
time player and a church organist. He
also boasts of a "macaroni" band, which
is composed of a banjo, guitar, violin and
accordion. The vicinity of his quarters is
always crowded with visitors, and the
popular captain is continually playing the
host. Sam Yale does fancy stunts on the
piano, Achille Artigues plays doleful se
lections on the organ. Joe Smith trums
the banjo. Sergeant Wilson manipulates
the guitar and Jimmy Rothberg scrapes
the violin. In addition to the foregoing
talent, the doctor has two prize cake
walkers in Will Hurley and Joe Smith and
a clever minstrel In Kd Moore.
The "Katzenjammer Kids" held a
funeral this morning. James Welch of
Company D was proven a "dead one."
and had to be interred with military hon
ors. Mr. Welch was laid out in state in
his bunk, his saber placed at his side and
a piece of black cloth hung on the ridge
pole of his tent, as a sign that Jimmy had
departed this earth. Welch proved a live
ly corpse, however, and before he cou'.d
be taken to the place of burial he com
plained bitterly that the pallbearers were
carrying him over the bumps with body
racking speed. He was prevailed on to re
main quiet for the nonce and made a good
corpse. The "Katzenjammer Kids" were
the chief mourners, but Jimmy Welch had
many friends. The latter marched behind
the stretcher upon which he was carried
and wept copious tears. The mourners
wore every conceivable style of costume.
They marched in solemn tread to th^ muf
fled beats of the bass and snare drums.
On arriving at the place of burial Welch
was dumped to the ground, and as his
friends danced around his body the bugler
blew "taps." after which the" corpse and
the mourners marched back to the camp
grounds in proud procession. "Billy"
Keenan was bugler. Frank Oneto drum
mer and "Billy" O'Connor and Andy
Burke officiated as pallbearers.
The camp poet tuned his lyre and struck
some responsive chords yesterday. He la
"Jeems" McCormlck and he is a member
of "The Big 4W of Company D. which is
composed of W. Sheehan. F. Gllson H
Walters and L. Boland. "Truthful Jeema "
as he is called by his companions, wrote
the following parody on the "Charge of
the Light Brigade," and in doing so hum
bly apologizes to Tennyson:
Half a step, half a step, half a step onward
Into the baseball grounds marched the four
hundred.
"Forward the Pie Brigade, It's time now to
feed," he said.
Lined up ready to "scorpe"
Stood the four hundred.
"Forward the Pie Brigade" — was there a man
dismayed?
Not though we could 8ee that the coffee was
jallaped. ~
There's not to make reply, there's no chance
Gulp it down— a shout for pie — .*" •
Sat the four hundred.
Flashed all their knives so bare, flashed as
they turned in air.
Slashing the beefsteak there, cleaning the plate
go bare.
While the waiters all wondered. Charging a
plate of beans,
(Brown beans with gaping seams).
Into the bread they dug,
Every one eating.
Beans to the right of them, pancakes to the left
of them.
Pies all around them, were shattered and sun
dersd.
"Scorping" with knife and fork, wasting no
time to talk.
Filled bo they could not walk.
Were the four hundred.
Finished, they were at last
Through with one more, repast;
Kow they don't walk bo fast, •
Not the four hundred.
To "Doc" Morrlsey straight they go,
Every one walking slow,
r.inrd up in one long row
Stood the four hundred.
Oh! what a stomach ache.
All hand* a pill must take.
When can their glory fade?
Oh! the wild charge they made;
Kven Abrams wondered.
Honor the charpe they made,
Honor the Pie Brigade,
Hungry four hundred.
James McNamara. one of the bass drum
soloists in the regiment, Is a candidate for
guardhouse honors. James is not as stout
as Major Duffy, nor is he as handsome,
yet all the maids in Santa Cruz cast ador
ing eyes on him. When Major Duffy left
for the ball last night he forgot to lock
up his fatigue coat, and McNamara took
possession of It. He then proceeded to tho
Seabeach Hotel atid won a few hearts, and
went on a conquering expedition up Pacific
avenue. While smiling on a fair one on
that thoroughfare Colonel Power hove in
sight'and upon seeing McNamara exposed
his duplicity in the presence, of his lady
friend. He then added Insult to injury by
ordering McNamara to go to the guard
house, which the latter sheepishly did.
"The Bullglnes." Bob McDermott, P.
Sullivan. George Winters, "Billy" Keenan
and "Billy" Dillon, refused to leave their
warm beds for the guardhouse at an early
hour this morning, and were reprimanded
by the colonel. One of their number
aroused the whole camp by setting off a
pack of giant firecrackers, and when the
officer of the guard entered their tent the
quintet was sleeping as peacefully as ba
bies.
During the skirmish drill this mowiing
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin charged on a
hat and knocked it awry. The owner of
the tile Is now seeking a pension, but the
brave officer declines to aid him.
"High Private" George Qulnn. the come,
dian of Company H. was detailed for
guard duty last night and was himself
placed in the guard tent for disturbing the
camp. Quinn was not satisfied with call
ing out the guard to arrest Father O'Ryan,
but at the end of each hour he would yell
at the top of his voice, "Post No. 4, and all
Is pretty good." "Dago" Rossi has earned
a prize for being the nerviest cadet in
camp. He was doing guard duty last
r.lght and his station was along the high
board fence which runs in back of the
camp. Instead of walking his beat, he se
cured a pick and shovel and prepared a
nice hole under the fence so that he could
beat the guard the following night. He
was captured red-banded by the officer of
the guard and thrown into the guardhouse
to repent.
HOW SOME OF THE* CADETS ARE SPENDING THEIR TIME AT SANTA CRUZ.
Durer. The works by RapFael, Titian
and Correggio in this group are far
famed. Engravings and photographs
have made them known the world over.
In the center of the room are five very
celebrated marble sculptures— the Medici
Venus (found in the sixteenth century
in the villa of Hadrian, near Tivolb. the
Young Apollo (of the school of Prax
iteles), the Grinder (found at Rome in the
sixteenth century), the Satyr playing on
the cymbal (restored by Michael Angelo)
and the group of the Wrestlers. Suites
of picture galleries open to right and left
from the Tribune, containing a vast and
priceless collection of paintings of the
Tuscan, Lombard and Venetian, the
Dutch. Flemish. German and French
schools.
The history of Tuscan painting begins
with Cimabue. whose Madonna, in the
Church of Santa Maria Novella. Florence,
a dim, quaint and faded work, has been
called the seed from which the variegated
flower of Italian art sprung. It takes us
back to the birth of the art. more than
six centuries ago. Stiff and formal as it
is. there is a dignity in the figures, a
Kravp sweetness in the faces and an hon
rst observation of nature in the forms
which are. in comparison with the Byzan
tine mosaics and paintings that went be
fore it. extraordinary. In the' Church of
Santa Croee are Giotto's frescoes illus
trating the lives of the two Sts. John and
of St. Francis of Asrisi: and in tho pic
turesque palace of the Podesta. now the
National Museum, is the same artist's
fresco painting of Paradise.
But to get a more complete !ri>a of what
Giotto stood for in the history of the
school we must go to Assisi. more than
100 miles sunth of Florence. It is in such
nooks that one often finds the most beau
tiful products of Italian art. In the
solemn old convent of the Franciscans at
Assisi Giotto painted on the walls a not
able series of scenes from the life of the
gODtJe saint that founded it. Giotto's first
work was don** here in the upper church,
and consists of twenty-eight frescoes, all
from his own designs, and several entirely
painted by his own hand. The church is
now used" as a museum of Tuscan fres
coes. Giotto. In honoring St. Francis, did
not forget to immortalize upon these walls
one of the most lovable traits of the monk
—his well-known affection for birds— and
the delightful lrgend of the saint's ser
mon to the birds is set forth with rare
svmpathv. The gentleness and kindness
of the saint's attitude, his gesture, care
fully restrained lest a sudden movement
might alarm his timid auditors, are most
charming, and the simplicity and direct
ness of the work are admirable. In the
lower church, begun in 122S. a somber
edifice, aie some of the greatest master
pieces of Cimabue and Giotto and some,
of the leading painters of central Italy.
Giotto's in this lower church of Asslsl con
sists of four large paintings, which oc
cupv the triangular spaces in the vault
above the high altar; and these were
done In the later vears of his life. Hither
to we have seen him illustrating incident:
but here he enters a broader field and
describes principles In the form of the
three cardinal virtues of the Franciscan
or( l er _Pnverty. Chastity and Obedlence
bv which is "inculcated thp duty of the
followers of the .«alnt to lahor without
reward, pleasure or freedom. These works
are aptly representative of the symbolical
art which the early Tuscan painters so
brilliantly developed, and are the ablest
achievements of Giotto.
Giotto has left traces of himself from
Naples all the way to Padua He went
to the latter town to visit his friend
•nante. who was in exile there, and he
Sidney Dickinson, "but to mr» they appear
as the loveliest pictures In the world; they
are so calm and peaceful, so exalted in
imagination, so refined in workmanship.
I cannot but feel that here was one who
had full faith and happiness in what h»*
described, and if heaven ever showed its
glories to mortals his eyes were blessed
with that wonder."
Before leaving Florence It may be w»>ll
to indicate brrrfly the riches of the collec
tion of old masters in the Pitti Palace by
mentioning the more famous works, whirh
include Raphael's •'Madonna del Balrla
chino." "Madonna del Granduca," "Vision
of Ezekiel," "Tommaso Fedr.i Jnghirani."
"Cardinal Bibbiena." "Pope Julius II.*
"Madonna del Impannata." '"!\Jadonna df>l
la Seggiola." "I-eo X and the Cardinals
de' Medici and Tie' Rossi," "Anpiolo Doni ."
"Portrait of Maddalena Strozzi Doni": Ti
tian's "La Bella." "Ippolit:-> de' Medici."
"Philip II of Spain." "bacchanalian,"
"Masdalene," "Retrothal of St. Catha
rine" and various portraits of th° highest
ord*>r of merit, with several equally cele
brated examples of the art of Botticelli.
Fra Bartolommeo. Veronese, Andrea <W
Sarto. CorrejTKjo. Rembrandt. Ruben?. Sal
vator Rosa. Giorgione. Guido Reni. Leon
ardo da Vinci. Tintoretto. Van L>yck and
others. There 'are in all over fl\*e hun
dred pictures, hung in a suite of fine ga 1 
leries. There is ample material for whnl>-»
volumes of comment in Florence alom*.
but we are obliged to turn to other Italian
art centers.
The genius of Michael Angplo as an
architect is revealed in the solemn and
stately simplicity of the dome of St.
Peter's at Rome, and his genius as a
painter is to be seen in the decorations of
the Sistine chapel of the Vatican. The
Vatican is the largest palaeo in the world,
and the perio«l of its construction extend
ed, with sundry interruptions, from the
fifth to the sixteenth century. It is built
around twenty courts and contains H.iVO
rooms, of which the greater portion ar«
occupied as collection and show rooms,
and comparatively few by the Papal courr.
The building's chief interest for us is in
the representation it makes of the greatest
of the Italian rainters. whom the wealth
and power of the church drew hither for
the decoration of its shrines and palaces.
Rome had no. painters of her own— the
stream that fed her flowed down from
Florence. Siena and t'mbrla, bringing
with It on successive floods Giotto. Fra
Angelico. Botticelli. Signorelli. Perugino
and. at the last simultaneously. Ttaphael
and Michael Angelo. All of these, snvs
Giotto, left their marks upon the walls
of the Vatican, which thus becomes the
greatest storehouse in the world of tha
Christian art of the fifteenth and six
teenth centuries.
The work of Michael Angelo Is confined
to the ceiling and end wall of the Sistine
chapel, the private place of worship of the
Popes. The sides of the chapel are deco
rated with masterly works by the earlier
artists of the renaissance— Pcruglno. tho
T'mbrian master: Botticelli, the Floren
tine, and Slgnorellt of Cortona. whose
greatest achievement is to be seen at Or
vieto. First w*>re painted here the leading
events in the life of Moses: later were de
picted the baptism of Christ, the sermon
on the mount ard other Incidents In tho
life of Jesus. Then the work waited for
Michael Argclo. whoso hand, responsive to
his mighty thought, should connect in
epic grandeur the history rf the old and
new dispensations, ar.d close th>» cycle
with the thunders of judgment and the
doom of the world.
Dante, who was in exile tnere. ana ne
decorated the little church nf Our Lady
of the Arena with frescoes from the life
of Christ, which series ended, in the fash
ion of the time, with a picture of thr last
ludjrment and of hell, full of Dantesque
fancies made visible. These, frescoes are
very curious. One represents the betrayal
of Christ, to whose face the artist has
eiven a jtrlklnc expression of reproach,
whlie he has favored Judas with one of
the meanest countenances known to art.
The sense of a large crowd Is well ex
pressed: the tumult, confusion and flight j
of thp disciples. Ttut the best work in the
old church at Padua is the "Entomb- !
ment." an admirable composition, in |
which the faces express a keen and ab
sorbing prief. The artist introduces a fine
touch here in his delineation of angels
joinintr lxi the lamentations of men.
In the history of Italian art the Campo
Santo (Holy Field) of Fisa has an im
portant place and contains some extraor
dinary works. In the succession of charm
ing arcades surrounding the cemetery Is a
peries of mural paintings coverlner nearly
15,000 square feet,, by Andrea Orcapna.
PIctro Lorenzetti. Andrea da Firenzo. PpI
nello Aretino. Francesco da .Voltcrra. Pie
tro dl Puccio. Benozzo Gozzoli an.l others.
Two of the most remarkable frescoes In i
this great series are attributed by YasHrl j
to Orcaqna. They depict the resurrection
of the dead and the last judgment. Terr'
ble visions are these — at least they must
have been terrible to those who believed
in their reality.
It is a relief to turn from such gloomy
Xote — This study, by W. II. Downes of
Boston, will be concluded next week.
RAILROAD WILL MOVE
TO QUASH CITATION
Southern Pacific Denies Jurisdiction
of the Court in the Con
tempt Case.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
hnf» given notice that it will move to
quash the citation for contempt issued by"
Jurist* Eahr3. on the application of Deputy
Attorney General Abbott, on the ground
that the court Is without jurisdiction In
the matter, by reason of the fact that
the Fresno rate case, out of which th«
contempt proceedings crew, is pending In
the* Supreme Court on appeal.
Incinerator Destroyed.
The Board of Health received notifica
tion yesterday that seme vandals had de
stroyed the incinerator located on trie lot
on Pacific street, between Dupcnt and
Storkton. Engineer John Murray, who
has been in charge of the machine, re
ported that the gauges, valves and pipes
had all been broken. The matter has been
placed in the hands of the police, but the
guilty parties have not been appraheaded.
LEAGUE CADETS MAKE MERRY
IN THEIR CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ
III.
The/great art centers of Italy are Flor
ence, Venice and Rome: but to the stu
dent of art there are invaluable -essona
to be learned In many of the lesser Ital
ian cities, such as Asslsi, Pisa, Siena,
Orvieto, Milan, Parma, Mantua and
Padua. In fact, all Italy might be called
a vast treasure house of art. and to the
student and historian who wishes to ob
tain a just and adequate view of the de
velopment of Italian art the old towns
mentioned, and possibly others besides,
afford indispensable data, more often to
be found in churches and convents than
in picture galleries. Florence is one of
the most remarkable art capitals of the
world. It is crowded with masterpieces
of painting, sculpture and architecture to
a degree that is amazing. Its chief mu
seums of art are the I'fllzi and the Plttl.
The Uffizi Gallery, which originated with
the Medici collections, to which many ad
ditions were made by the Lorraine fam
ily, is now In extent and value one of the
first in the world. The Tribune is a room
in which aro brought together the most
valuable masterpieces of sculpture and
painting in an extraordinary galaxy. The
pictures in this group include Raphael's
"Madonna With the Goldfinch," "The
Youthful John." "The Fornarina," etc.:
Corregrio's "Repose During the Flight
Into Kgypt." "Madonna." etc.; Titian's
"Venus," "A Prelate," etc., and selected
examples of Mantegna, A. Carracci. Fra.
Bartolommeo. Van Dyck. Guercino.
Guido, Andrea del Sarto. Domenichino.
Ribera. L. Carracci. Giulio. Romano. Ru
bens, Michael Angelo. Cranach, Veronese,
Luini. Lucas of Leyden. Francia. Peru
gino, Baroccio. Orazio Alfanl. Daniel da
Volterra, Schidono, Lanfranchi and
subjects to th« works of the fainter of
heaven, Fra Ar.gelico. Him we tinil at
home in the convent of St. Mark in Flor
ence, one of the most charming spots in
Italy' br^nuse of the presence of his sim
ple. sTv*vt and reflective works. One of
his designs shows two monks welcoming a
wraiy traveler, whom the artist reveals to
j us aa Jesus himself, though his hosts d<>
! rot yet recopnlze him. Nothing couM ex-
I presfl more beautifully the virtue and.ro
ward of hospitality; It touches at once'the
keynote of ,\ngelico's art. Quite repre
sentative also Is the fresco of the "Annun-
I elation" in one of the cells on the upper
i floor of the convent. His most important
work in the convent is the "Madonna and
Child." enthroned and surrounded by va-
I rious saints. The most beautiful feature
I of the picture is the flRure of the your.jf
! J*<=u<>. But Fra. Angrelico's masterpiece is
' the "Coronation of the Virgin." in the
| Vffizi gallery. His "Paradise" in the Acad
emy comes very near it in merit, bft la
injured by the "description of hell which
the painter put into it. probably apainst
his own judgment; for although he spared
; no pains in depicting: the joys of the
blessed, he presented the pains of the lost
I in a hurried and unfinished way. It Is Im
possible to think of such ¦ man as tnkirff
any pleasure in suffering: he was at lvs
best only in works of a jrcntle character.
In delineation of celestial visions lay his
greatest power, where the faces are all of
¦ exquisite beauty, the color a blending of
tender shades of rose, lilac, nzure and
! pearl, the angels glittering with jeweled
i wings against the sroldon sky in which the
I scene is enacted. The whole impression ta
of some blissful incident occurring in re
gions that are not of this world-. The fip
ures. although having human form, are of
' superhuman beauty, and the angels show
themselves as intelligences whose thought.-*
our mortal reason cannot comprehend. "I
t do not know how others may be affected
by the works of this humble rnonk.'Vsays
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF THE WORLD.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF ITALY.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
UFFIZI GALLERY. FLORENCE
_ AMUSEMENTa
MATINEE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY. July lis.
Parquet, 23e. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
A GLITTERING ARRAY OF FIRST-CLASS
TALENT.
MISS LILLIAN BUaKHART in "Cap-
tain Susanne."
WILLIAMSON AND STONE: JOHN DOJCO-
HL'E AND MATTIE NICHOLS; SMITH I
AND FILLER: BARRKRE AND JTLES
QUAKER CITY QUARTET; STKLLA MAY-
HEW: CLAYTON WHITE AND MAH1K
.'-•TVART, assisted by MISS EVA RAN-
DOLPH; AMERICAN PIOGRAPH.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Beautiful Picturesque Production,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
NVxt Week-DOUBLE BILL. "THE COUN-
TRY GIRL" and "ONLY THE MASTER
SHALL BLAME."
UTCPlipD»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnnn O Admission lOc.
LENORK. WHITE & CO. In "AUTUMN
LEAVES." Edward B. Adams, Violet John-
sen, Isabelle I'nderwood and. New Moving
Pictures by EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE.
MAT! NEK SUNDAY. Reserved Seats. 25c.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Or»n <3ai!y from 7 a. m. to II p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p.m.
ADMISSION 10-*. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathinc, including admission. 25c; children. 20c.
, V. \ f\ \ / /\- I
DR. PIERCE'S "*>{k^"' Guarant-ed
ELECTRIC Vjv^ to be th:
We have holts a* low as $3. same as others
sell at much higher prices, but they are not
! "DR. PIERCE'S. 1 ' If you want the BEST, a
¦ h.«>lt that will cure without me<5Icine, won't
' fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
be had \ at a moderate rrlce, you must have
"DR. PIERCE'S. 1 '
Call or send a 2-cent etamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street. Fan Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. Neir York City.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
: .
Traveler* from every portion of the.
globe show th^tr appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be> obtained
in theite hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
I-'roncieco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
liars.
DR. WONG WOO, £3&^
Chinese Tea and Herb Banl- | yn
tiiMiini. 7CI-7CS Clay st., Ban dC a
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured fL, 7
«xoluBively by Chlnece herbs. \fe*.-»L v
Advir-»- frre. Hours. 3 to 11 a.
m.. 1 10 S. 7 to 3 p. m.
Han Francisco. January I. U^. f w// : j/il?iJflSr
I had a very ferlous attack of 'Snta.wl"
coneureptlcn nnd my feet were no. swollen that
It km with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
In the ho^t»lta!» could not Klve mo any relief
/or n'ne weeks. I was pemiaded to ko to the
well-known Chinese Doctor. Won* Woo. and
In three months I wa» completely cured and In
perfect health, havlne eained 25 rounds in
wrlfht. I have much pleasure In recommend-
ing him to any one suffering: In any way what-
ever. JAKOB RAUC1I. 13H Freelon St., city.
m CMICMCCTCR'S ENGLISH
PfWNYROyAL^ILLS
K'V'fc-tvVSArE. AUaTiKllabi*. Ladiec, uk Drrrrlit
rA @£& tor Cinc'lIllSTEKS ibiGLISU
[•" 'N-l !'£?CNA In BCD *a4 Uold netaMe tox«. ...i^i
*{^ Zf th "'¦"* ntton. Tnte »• other. Hcfu.e
I / ~ f/J Uomiu Boy of yoor Druggist, or $ni 4e. In
V If f3r »n4 "Reller Tar Ladle*," n Ittfr. by re>
_-\ If turn !II«I1. 10,0«OT«UBnUU. Hol1b»
. >—^' »« I>ru«fi«'^ CliJche«Usr Chemical C«_
Un&tt. tiii ftfts. iladliou t>o.nar«, I'UILA., I'll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦jC"7* > \ Strictly Rsliable!
»<w Dr. Talcott
MJ® 1 & Co. '
V\v^$^v Diseases and
""// Weakness of
(WHEN ONLY
BY FAR THE MOST FREQUENT CAUSE
of nervous disorders of the male Is
A Damaged Prostate Gland.
The Prostate Gland (eo-called neck of blad-
der) Is a structure very rich In nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept In a
constant state of excitement, by chronic In-
flammatory processes. It appears very clear
that by transmission of this irritation to other
rerves the patient may be subject to nervous
phenomena of the most varied character. Pre-
matureness, Ix>ss of Vitality, etc., are, not
weaknesses, but symptoms of this Inflamma-
tion. We have prepared a colored chart, which
v.-e will send, free on application, by which any
one Interested can readily understand why. If
he has been treated for a weakness, he has not
been cured. We particularly solicit this class
of caEes. and can promise a speedy cure.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
(gCSji^fc^ I will piiarantne
Ji|TO*»*7?~K£\ that my Rheumatism
»2§^^*$&*?* Cure will relieye Ium-
J&y " r '^-%, k a S°- sciatica and oil
ysL a«iMl 'beumntic pains in^.
t» sete'-trZ&Isr two or three hours,
v '*?' vr2$f an( * cure * n a ' ew
\ £y$l%j ' MUNTON.
yf^^ a _^^v;C. At .all druggists,
tt^TO^!!^^?^ 25c. a vial. Guide
TWr*3ifiL^3'^ to Health and medi-
'I J BP' cal advice free.
',;; }?Li"i*. -v 1003 Arch st., Phil.i.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases In old and young:
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, exce*sen or
cixarette-smokinc Cures Ixjst
Manhood, Impotency, LoHt
— — — Power. XlRht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, ITnfltness to Mar- :
ry Loss of Semen. pom Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne ?~% SB rvous - Twitdhing
of Eyelids. Effects J^ iJir« are Immediate.
Impart visor and l ' cn " potency to every
function. Don't Bet despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; uOc a
box: 6 for $2 BO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free Address DIPHOP REMEDT CO., 40 Kills
Ft. Fan Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.,
S8 and 40 Third st. ¦ : ;;iC
¦ — — — ' — ' — — — —^— —^— — — —^— — — — |
$vi*9T OR- JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 losl )ussa zx - w - &&*?&• s.r. Cil i
\ ¦ X*f The I-arzest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
A -JJL. World. Wekbie'tes or any contracted g
¥ St&PSS disfwepcMlUpl/carodhy the oldest JT
9 nL1 SI I i> P CCI " !i '- t cil ' : '- ColIt EsL 36 -j cart. $
A 1^1 CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE 9ISEAS£& 4
\ B(§*tffbi& Coa«ult«tJon fVn- »nd ttricttr prirate. \
jj I jS^igBI Tn unient prrsomliy or by lfttcr. A M
A Will lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPBVvfJ
W • u J1 aAnaMCE, mailed fjmul (aw
> A II,' valuable book fcr men; \
9 OB. JUBDAX & CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. ¥
AMUSEMENTS.
MATHEWS~and BULGER
Periled br DDXXB & RTL.ET-S
.AJLiH. - STAR OAST
Presenting for the Halar.oe of This Week.
ONLY MATINKE SATURDAY,
Th? Polite. Comic Play.
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
Xoxt Sunday Nicht
MATHERS & BCXXSEB'S Original Success,
"rush enr-v."
A WHIRLIGIG OF FUN".
By Gus Hep£<, Author of "Oie Olitoa" and
"Yon Yor.con."
Walter Morosca Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
THE GREAT PUBY!
L'NANIMOrF.LY PRONOUXCKD BY THE
TREFS THE GREATEST PRODUCTION
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
FRICES — 75c, 50c. I5c. 13c
FATl'RDAY MATINEE— 00c. 25c, 15c 10c.
Er.errn^ue Euccfss of th» Comic Opera,
Thf Greatest Production Evrr F»en H?re.
Evening* «t 8- Matinee Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT I
MONDAY JUT.T 3<\ GALA OPENING OF
THH GRAND OPERA SEASON
¦EALE OF BEATS OPENS NEXT MONDAY.
POPULAR PRICES-:.^ and EOc.
Telephone— Bufh 9.
LMLUnplA'KHn
FOURTH WEEK OF THE SF.ASON.
MATIN HE TO- DAY'.
>L.L THIS WEEK— MATIXKE SATURDAY.
rHAIU-KS FROIIMA.N l're=»nts
HENRY MILLER
And a FPHCIAL COSTPAKT
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LIARS."
.JCext Monday— FIFTH WHKK HENRY MIL^
i,nn keah'ix.
••HIS EXCELLENCY. THE GOVERNOR."
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. JULY IS.
JFIKST OF THE, —
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
M«*niflc«rtl|' tUostxmtedJ Fubject. "Manila."
kJL, T IVi mm An con. mason
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
TIIE_CITY. , V ., U
Firrt Appearance In Pan Francisco.
I5ASCO AND RICE,
The Kings of Cornlc Comedy.
The Or<*ate-t Thing of the Season.
Professor Conradi's
L'viifO uin! Until
The P»r:5 IZxTtorltiVTi Tttght at Your I>oor«.
>.NI> OLTt CKLKISUATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FI1IDAY.
admission- rnng.
ci«JTESA^Z00. E S7SK I r
CHEAT VAUDEVILLE FHOW.
CANNON', THn KAT MAN.
TO-MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEURS Md a
LADIES' BASKET BALL CONTEST.
CAKLWALK— SA i UIJDW NIGHT
Order Sfatg by Phone, Park 23.
expression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured bj
(ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
ririf, J. ESPZC; Hew Teri. E. rOUGESA * C3
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS,
1146 Market Street.
LADIES' CRASH SKIRTS, good value for 65c, Qr ft
will be offered at 0 0 G
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SUITS, worth $3, Q j rfj
will be placed on sale at Sl]3U
LADIES' WHITE SHIRT WAISTS reduced A| jf|A
from $1.50 to *. OmUU
NAVY GOLF SKIRTS, former price $3.50, ft I Qrt
now on sale at UlluU
MISSES' GOLF CAPES, former price $3.50, QQ AH
marked down to ' <E#Zi UU
BLACK AND BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS, ft IP f\f\
richly appliqued, value for $22.50, sale price. UU
Will Be Placed On Sale
SUBSTANTIAL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There ls.no more delightful trip on the
coast than a ride through Marln, Sonoma
and Russian River Valley, and It becomes
a positive pleasure when It can be taken
in comfort. Take excursion to Ukiah
Sunday, July 23. Only $2 for round trip;
and each ticket sold insures a seat. •Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight... - 1*85%
¦Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 88
Sterling Cables •¦¦•;•••• ~ 4 «,,
New York Kxchange, sight — . l-!i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ;¦, 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — "Js
Mexican Dollars, nominal — «ii
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Ships are asking 40s,
usual options, with but little spot business and
a slow but steady increase in the disengaged
tonnage here. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 32,779, against
4O.4CO tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged. 13,430 tons, against 7600; on the way
to this port. 177,800 tons, against 213.500.
WHEAT-Chicago opened at ilMc. broke to
7i',ic. at which figure there were outside sales.
Subsequently the market recovered to 77»4c At
the opening the feeling was better on steadier
cables, but Corn was weak on country selling
anl became completely demoralized. This
break in Corn extended sympathetically to
Wheat, cauFinr lt to decline to 70VSc. as men
tioned Afterward the market steadied. Ex
porters totk 2,000,000 bushels in all positions on
Monday, but speculation remained weak. The
Northwest brought freely.
In the local market there was a fair demand
on shipping account at previous prices. Fu
tures opened lower, but closed at an advance.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, H 05; milling, |l 07&
(21 10
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—10,
000 ctls, $1 12V;: 34.000. SI 12%.
Second Session— December-COOO ctls, $113%:
2000, $1 13U.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 13H; 20C0, Jl 13%; IS, 000, $1 13%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 13»A: U.CCO, $1 13%. I
BARLEY— Although quotations stand about
the same, a choice lot of Feed occasionally sells
at 72i4c. Otherwise the market Is featureless.
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 65©«7Vfcc for oft
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— Xo 6ales.
Rt-gular Mornlnc Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The trade report a grood active and
healthy market at firm quotations. Offerings,
however, are somewhat larger.
White. $1 15G1 30; Surprise. $1 ?7V4@1 35: Red
Jl 07HQ1 20: Gray. $1 10© 1 17«i; Black. $1 05@
1 12U per ctl.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dee
Opening 6 1>$ 6 2li
Closing 6 1 6 1?i
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec
Opening 20 30 2120
Clrsing 20 20 2120
Flour —
Opening 26 70 27 75
Closing 26 60 27 7o
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Special telegraphic
communications to Dradstreets show the fol
lowing changes in available supplies as com
pared with last accounts:
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 821,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 2,100,000 bushels. To
tal supply, decrease, 2.S21.C0O.
CO*RN— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 171,000. % ht
OATS— United. States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 48".,000.
Pacific Coast Wheat stocks, increase, 107,000
bushels.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000;
native steers, average about steady; Texans,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active; creamery. 15@18V>c; dairy
14@17c; cheese, steady, 9&@10Vif:; eggs, fresh
lie.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July H.-METALS-'Ihe mar- •
jket for metals was generally quiet, without any
material change In prices. Copper In the local
market ruled dull and unchanged at $16 50 de
epite an advance 2s Cd for spot and 7s 6d for fu
tures in London.
The production In the United States during
June was 22.625 tons. Total for the past six
months amounted to 134.577 tons, against 124 4S7
tons for the same time a year ago.
Iron was dull and weak at $13 00 for warrants
at>d $17<aiS for Northern No. 1 foundry
Tin was a shade lower on bid prices to-day
owing to a decline of £1 abroad. The close was
easier here at J31 05@34 25.
Lead was dull and unchanged at J3 97U04 CV.
and spelter unchanged at $4 17%(7?4 22V4. ¦••
The brokers' price for lead was $3 80 and for
copper $16 SO.
[ Articles — Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2 —
July 76^ 76*4 74>4 76
August T6 7 8 76% 1i% 76^i
' September 77'i 77*; 75^ 77»»
Corn Xo. 2 —
July 40% 4C% 3S% 39V^
August 41U 41H 3S-S 39V»
September 41Vt iVA &% 3ay 4
Oats No. 2—
July 23% 23% 23 23%
August 23% 23*i 23 23>4
September 21»i 24H 23»4 23»i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July ....1145 12 i~% 1145 1155
September .....'....12 05 12 15 1140 H 70
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 60
September 6 72*4 6 72%- 6 53 6 G7&
October 6 75 6 75 6 65 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 6 57H
September 6 72'4 6 72^4 6 55 6 C7Vi
October 6 62>4 6 63 6 60 6 65
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 71%® 74c; No. 2 red,
"G'.j'iiT&.c; No. 2 corn, 39«g29%c; No. 2 yellow.
Z'J%c; No. 2 oats, 25^c; No. 2 white, 25»ic; No. 3
white, 2i^faZ'o\\c; No. 1 flaxEeed, fl SO; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 80: prime timothy seed, J3 20;
m<'« pork, per barrel, $10 85@11 C5; lard, per 1*3
j>oundB. S6 4j!JJ6 62*4: short ribs sides (loose),
$6 5Ca6 Si; dry salted shoulders (boxed), Gri^/'c;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 2O@7 30; whisky,
basis of hlch wines, H 23; sugars, cut loaf,
6.&Sc; granulated. 6.32c; confectioners' A, 6.2Sc;
off A, 6.13c; clover.* contract grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 75,000 16,000
Corn, bushels 429,000 235,000
Oats, bushels 200,000 22S 000
Rye. bushels 5,000
Barley, bushels 130,000 ...!..!
.Vrtt' York Stock Market.
•CITW YORK. July 17.— Th«» stock market gave
continuous evidence to-day of operations by an
Influential bull party. Th*"ir effort! to advance
iricfs met with considerable success and were
£->piFted by a fharo upward movement In a
nuir.!*r cf individual Ftocks in which an out-
Handing i-hort interest was driven to cover.
liusinesK continued larcely in professional
Lands. The general list was rather neglected
End price movements were rather unimportant.
t>Ct net gai-iS were gvn*-ra!iy registered at the
cSqk of the day. The manipulative character
at the market was evident frcm the circulation
of several extravagant rumors from time to
time. l!ut the resulting pain? \v*- re pretty well
heM an>J the pressure of jtront -taking at the ad
vance was not Fufficii-nt to cauj-e any very de
cided pet back. The tone cf the market at the
cloR* was rather easy and dull at concessions
''. -<Tn the best. Thi? was due rather to a j>aus-<^
la the bull manipulation than to any large sell
ing. L'r.;<it; Pacific w« the most conspicuous
stock on the list and resumed Its upward move
ment early 111 'he day. Hijrher quotations from
London helped the advance. The news
of tlic fall of Tientsin encouraged •sen
timent there. A period of dullness and
relaj>se followed the higher opening, which
•*as ar];ar«ntiy due to the check to the
upward tendency in JSalttmore and Ohio. Some
rinulp'.fs v.ere ra.--t < -n yesterday's confident pre
dictions c;f early divifjf-nd action on this stock.
The market maintained an attitude of Indiffer
ence Cor aime time to :he rapid advance scorej
— fim by Brooklyn Transit and later by Suiiar,
the f:m ml'.yiiiR V/k in<m early depression and
the latter rising nearly four points. The move
ments were due to the demand from shorts,
who »(it- <li«fjrlje.l by the apparent willingness
of insMe Interacts in Brooklyn Transit to let
the i-tock jro iliva and liy reports of large profits
in fugar refining at the present level of prices.
There were similar movements on a smaller
wale in a naraliT of prominent specialities.
Pacific Mail ro«e ronsDicuously four points on
the sur>i«isit!on t!:at It would be benefited by
the trar.*;>ort of troops and military supplies
to Chir.a. The upward movement in railroad
etocks was renewed aftT midday under the
Ftlmulus.of \ht-ff Fpecial movements. The
grangers. BoattrvestCTBS and Pacifies advanced
very eer.erally from 1 to l'j points and St.
Louis and San Francisco nrst preferred jumped
The movemont did not extend far outsiie the '
limits in tb.o railroad list.
The check to th» advance in sterling exchange
was due to the offerings of bills acainst gold
exports. Arrangements ir- reported to have
r>^en sir* a fly m»dl for sending tl.ZKb.dOd in gold
l>ar« t;y Thursday's s!e R rr.er and exchange I
Iioupps es-'.iTnau- that the total for the wt-fk \vi!i
run u;> to Ixtwe^n thr^o and four millions.
Moner on call and for rhort time loans con
tinuet! efiFj- al M abundant, but lendti-s ar» in
cieposcl to place loans for the linger i»eri'K3s
Th«- bond market v.as dull tf.-eay and the
rr.ovcmer.t Of i.rk-es continues h-regular. Total
tales. i>ar value, J c sTj.0ij0
V. S. old 4* and o* advanced »4 In the bid |
I °* N-ITvV YORK STOCK LIST.
F £»!r c . aosirz
Sold. Ptork— Bid
J.4M AtchiHon U |
l«.^rr. Atchi«on prefd 70tz !
S.415 Haitimoro 4i < >hlo ""' -e-i. I
Canadian I'm-iflc " sss i
<-ana<ia Southern .iK* «V1
•.0.-.0 CbeopesJce ik Ohio n-r^ I
l«n Chicago Oreat Wcftin — josj
I2..VI5 chir.'.gi. Hurlinpton & Qulncv. r.lS3
«W( Ch'.cfiKo. Ind &• Louis ') j:'
Chlcaco. Ind £¦ I>iuis prefd " 60 i
Chicago £r iZast Illinois 56 I
S50 Chicago & Northwestern ";;3 !
1,'ZQ ''hirjKo. Hock Isiard & Pacific 1O6\ I
118 CCO&ft l/ou> fa* '
Colorado Bonthero c 5 * '
Colorado Southern 1st prefd " flu
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd UU
CS I> la ware & Hudson UliT
Urla-A-are. Lark & West 17-.U
100 Drnvcr & H G 17^
C40 I>enver & It G profd Cti'
*....'.. r3rl*» 1d~^
LYle Ut prefd 3;i^
4 f 0 Great Northern prefd jr.;
Hocking «'oal T314
jffl ir'vrklnie Valley 34 |
s.379 Illinois Central lis 1^
100 Iowa Contra! 19
......'.' Iowa Central rrrfd 4C'4
Kansas City. J'itts & Gulf ie
--100 Lnke Krie & AVestern 26'4
1'4 i^r. ke Krie & Western prefd r>0
Lcke Phore 210
2.2r. UnnsTUto ft Nashville 73'4
220 Manhattan L Sfc 3 *
T15 Metropolitan Ft Ry ir.Oi,
100 Mexican Ontra! 12'4
J00 Minn A- St Louis H%
Minn & Pt Louis prefd S2
4.C0 Missouri Pacific 11%
Mobile & Ohio 37'4
Missouri. Kaunas & Texas 10
600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd... 31
!19 New Jertoy Central 126*4
7S0 New York Central 129
4.S15 Norfolk & Western 34>4
..— .. Korlolk &. Western prefd 77»£
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, July 17.— September wheat opened
lie higher at ~'Mc to 77?gc because Liverpool
showed but a small decline in the face of the
drop here yesterday and because receipts were
small. Then the market lost Its strength be
cause corn was making such a swift break for
the bottom. September, following the opening,
worked up to 77"- 4 c and the proceedings were
rapidly downward. Liquidation was heavy
duringr the slump and demand scattered. The
speculative mind after half an hour became
more composed and concluded to buy some.
Shorts covered to secure profits and some bull
support pent the market in an upward
course. This movement was helped along by
renewed buying from the Northwest and a
decrease in the world's visible of 2.921.000
bushel!., aeccrding to I?radstreet"s. Septem
ber rallied to 77'ic and shortly afterward closed
with most of the advance held over yes
terday at 77V*«?77»ac. The rally was helped to
a degree by the partial recovery of corn.
The com market made a hollow, empty show
of having recovered somewhat from the bear
drubbing given it yesterday, but the exhibi
tion lasted for only a moment at the opening.
I.«onj? corn was shoveled Into the pit in im
mense quantities and inside of an hour the
market brought up over 2c under yesterday's
close on reports of excellent crop prospects as
a result of recent heavy raine. Covering by
shorts for profits caused a reaction and part
of the loss was regained, giving the close an
appearance of firmness compared with con
ditions earlier in the session. September
closed l%c under yesterday at SSH^SHc.
Trade in oats was not heavy. September
closed »ic down at 23?ic.
Provisions early in the session were very
weak, but part of the loss was recovered. Hogs
were easy at the yards and the corn break
was a decidedly bearish^ factor. One heavy
t-peculator let cut a long line and another 6o!d
short, this f-tuff forming the bulk of the of
ferings. The recovery, such as lt was, was on
buying bv packers. September pork closed Sjo
under yesterday; lard, 12 1 j(Jloc down and riba
I2\4$X5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Charters.
The J. M. Weathfrn-ax loads lumber at Eu-
r p ka frr Hor.olulu.
Maur.a Ala. passengers ar.d merchandise for
IJnr.olulu.
G. W. CTataoa. merchandise to Kihei.
I'.e!trian King. !>urpli* s at Seattle for Manila
for Ur.ited States Government.
Weather Report.
(I29th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. July 17. 3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures v.-era
reported from stations in California to-day:
nurr-ka 5J Los Ancles '<>
Fresno UW Sacrarr.erito SS
Mount Tamalpais... k3 Independence ttfi
Jied Bluff.... 101 San Diego 72
LulF Obispo 7S
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
f v ; Minimum, BO; ir.<\"n, 14.
VEATHCR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern half of the Paoiflr Slope. It has fallen ov.-r
Northern Vtah nrM Wyoming. An area of low
im I'«IIU ta movinp rabidly down the Missouri
Valley. A s^foend area of lew pressure over-
Ih-s th/> valley of the Colorado.
The tr-mjierature has fallen decidedly over
Mf-r.tar.a. Inaho and Orrgon. In the trreat val
leys of c»ii:..rnia the temperature cominms
al'i'Ut 7 d-'grees above the normal. Kog r"e
\ails ai'-'nc the coast of California. The lollow
'.r.if maximum wind velocity is reported at El
Paso, 44 miles y«>r hour, from the northeast.
Forecast rr.ade at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending rr.idnipht. July H. lfmo.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather: northerly winds in the
interior: fresh wej-t-rly winds on the coast.
with frg.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday, light
northwest wind. •
Nevada— Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Utah — Cloudy, cooler Wednesday.
Arizona — Cloud v Wednesday.
Pan FranciFco an.l vicinity— Fair Wednesday:
fr<-th westerly wir.rj. with fog off shore.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
•
S.CX) Northern Pacific CC*i
1,245 Northern Pacific prerd J1H
y00 Ontario & Western VJ\
Oregon Ry & Xav 42 ,
Oregon Ry & Xav prefd 76 i
3,?50 Pennsylvania ns'fc ;
Reading 17 !
900 R*-a,3!r.g 1st prefd B9%
Iifadir.K 2nd prefd i»-» :
Rio Grar.de Western 59 1 ;* I
Kjo Grande Western rrefd 90 i
St Louis & Pan Fran 9%
4S0 Si I^uls & San Fran 1st prefd €3 I
310 St I*:>ulf= & San Fran 2nd prefd 33
100 St Louis Southwestern 10
£25 St Louis Southwestern prefd 25"'i
9,075 St Paul 110-S
130 St Paul prefd 170 I
St Paul & Omaha 110 I
10.200 Southern Pacific 33% I
200 Southern Railway ll v a I
4S5 Southern Railway prefd 52 l i
53f> Texas & Pacifl? 14»i
r.'- > Union Pacific ......................... 5S^g ;
7,503 Union Pacific prefd 73>*, l
Wabash 7 !
200 Wabash prefd 1SH j
200 Wheeling *i Lake Erie SH
ICO Whe.'linR Ac Lake Erie 2nd prefd 22 T s
110 Wisconsin Central 14'-s
100 Third Avenue 10S>*
Express Companies—
Adams 115
175 American 154
United States 46
Well* Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil "3*i
American Ootton Oil prefd £S
American Malting: 3'/i
American Maiting prefd IS*
4'0 Am Smelting & Refining 36 r »
Si'3 Am Pmeltlnc & Refining prefd S?H
American Spirits 1
American ?i>Irits prefj 17
S"0 American Steel Hoop 19Vi
Am Steel Hoop rrefd. cx div 67
4,:S0 American Steel & Wire 32^i
475 American St«-el & Wire prefd 71 1 *;
100 American Tin Plate 2T*
American Tin Plate prefd 73' 2 j
5,020 American Tobacco !>0"» |
American Tobacco prefd 123
2"O Anaconda Minine Co 40 !
3.KiO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 53% I
1<V| Colorado Fuel & Iron 33
r/W Continental Tobacco 25 |
100 Continental Tobacco prefd "S^i j
5.1.V1 Federal Steel 32H '
i'00 Federal Steel prefd 65 I
¦JOO General Electric 130
400 Glucose Sugar 52'i
Glucose Sugar prefd .' PSU
300 International Paper 22Vt
ICO Internationa! Paper prefd C4U j
100 Lacledo Gas 74
National Biscuit 2S i
National Hisruit prefd SO J
National Lead 2^4 i
139 National Lead prefd i<7^ \
Xatifn.il Steel 2Z\t j
C.V) National Steel prefd S3
273 New York Air Urake 135 |
North American V>V< I
100 Pacific Coast 52 I
Pacific- Cr.apt 1st prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
4,!>73 Pacific Mail 40Vi '
5/.60 People's Gas 99^ j
lCfl Preyed Steel Car <2*^ ,
Pre«<=«v5 Steel Car prefd 70
Pullman Palace Car 1S1V4 1
Standard Rope & Twine 3 1 *
47.2S0 Susar 121*»
K-0 Supar prefd 116
1/-10 Tenncs«<*e Coal & Iron 66*4
650 United States Leather S'i I
. 20rt l'nited States Leather prefd 67^
200 United States Rubber 23 i
Vn'.ted States Rubber prefd 92 |
?70 Western I'nion 79\
Republic Iron & Steel il\
220 Republic Iron & Steel'prefd 54>i I
P C C & St Louis £6H |
590.SOO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref, reg !M K & T 2ds 69*;
(when issued). ...103*;; Vr> 4« 91\
Do coup 103% N Y Cent Ists 10S '
Do 2s reg 100 ; N J Cent gen 5s. ...122 j
IX> 3s res lOSVi North Pacific 3s... CC
Do Ss coup no j Do 4s iu4%; I
Da new 4s reg.... 133% N Y C & St L *s;.106% j
Do new 4s coup..l34 l VXor & W co-n 4s.. 9"',i :
Do oM As reg HS'iOr Xav Ists 107 I
IX old 4s coup...lir,V Do 4s 102% j
I>o 5r reg 113 i Oregon S L 6s 127^;
Do 5s coup 1HV»! I>o con 5s :112
D of Colum 3.Cos.;23 I Reading Gen 4s.... M'4
Atchison gen 4S....101VR G West Ists Sf'4
D-j ac!J 4s «HiSt L & I M con 5s. 110
Can Southern 2d?..10S St L & S F Gen 6S.122
Ches & Ohio 4^s. . SJVi'St Paul con 1C5^ |
Do 5s 116V* St P. C & P lsts..llC»4
Chi & N con 7s. .141 I Do 5s US»i 1
Do S F Deb 5s.. .120 IS Pacific 4s 79V4 I
Chic Term 4s S2H S Railway 5s lOSVi
Colo South 4s 64Vi Stand R & T 6s.... 73
D & R G Ists 102 Tex & Pac Ists. ...111%
Do 4s 97U Do 2d5 63
Erie Gen 4« 68 U Pacific 4s 10SV4
Ft W & O C lFts.. 70 Wabash Ists lloVi
Gen Electric <«....116 Do 2ds NB%
Iowa Cent Ists. ...112% West S 4s Ill
K C & P G Ists... TIHIWla Cent Ists 87
Louis <£ N unlf 4s. 9!>V4'Va Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15;Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 03 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 40' Plymouth -10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 60
Uould & Curry 20 Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross*. 2<t Sierra Nevada 22
Homrstake 50 f«0i Standard 4 00
Iron Silver T2 Union Con 17
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket 10
IiOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |Union Pacific 5SVi
Call loans i <?3Vi|West End 93Vi
Time loans 3^$j4 West Electr 44^
EtockH— Rends—
Atchinon 26VAtchison 4s lCO'i
tn) prefd 70HIN E Gaa & C is.. 61
Amer Sugar... 121 V4! Mining Shares-
Do pretd 116 lAHouez Min Co.... 1
Amer Telephone 343 lAmal Copper StH4
Boston A- Albany. .234»ilAtlantlc 22
Boston Klevated...l4lVIto!<ton S: Mont. ...308
BostOO ft Maine. ..1SS ;I1utte & Boston.... C3
C H f: Q 126 ; Calumet & Hecla..73<i
Dominion Coal 3fc Centennial 17
Do prefd 103 Franklin 12'i
Federal Steel 32 1 * Humboldt 6Hj
Do prefd 65*4 Osceola C4V 2
Fitchburg prefd.... 136% Parrot 3314
Gr-ncral Electric... 129'4 Qulncy 14
Mexican Central... 12' 4 Sant Fe Copper 4>£
Mioh Telephone s7V4Tamarack 190
N E Gas &Col:e.... 15 I Utah Mining 27
Old Colony 2C3 iWlnona 2'A
Old Dominion 1SV* Wolverines 3si5
Rubber 23 |
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July IT.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, J150,015,0S0; gold, JC9.346.812.
A'czv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July 17.-Money on call, eaay at !
lUeiVi per cent; prime Mercantile Paper. 3?;®
4Vi r>er cent. •
Sterling exchange, firm with actual business
in bankers 1 bills, at $4 S7(?4 87% for demand i
and at J4 S4-S74 J>4U for Blxty days; posted rates
?4 *.->«?« S£: Commercial Hills. $4 S3«4 83%.
Silver Certificates, 61Vi©62V4C. ' I •
Bar Silver. 61>4c.
Mexican Dollars. 4SUc
Government Bonds, strong: State Bonds, In
active; Railroad Bonds, Irregular. i
London Market.
LONDON, July 17.— Atchison, 26%: Canadian
Pacific, S1H; Union Pacific preferred, 74%; i
MONTREAL.. Quebec. July 1C— The Earl
Fruit Company's Bales of California fruit at
auction to-day are as follows: Pears— Bart-
Iett3, boxes, $1 50@l 70, average $1 6L Plums-
Purple Duane, single crates, average 77c;
Washington, single crates, average $1 21.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, 70@80c, average
75c. Seven cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and real
ized the following prices. Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $1 1031 85;, average $1 64, half boxes S3c;
Clapp's Favorite, average SOc; Bartletts (vent),
S0cfe$l 10, average 91c. reaches— Crawfords,
boxes, 25@90c, average 65c; Forster, • boxes, 45®
SOc, average 73c; Decker, boxes. 55£75c, average
C5c; St. Johns, boxes, 15@S5c. average 45c;
Hale's Early, boxes, 40@50c, average 44c. Plums
—Abundance, single crates, average 40c; Bur
banks, single crates, 35c@$l, average 45c; Kel
sey Japans, . single crates, 60c{j$l 25, average
$1 OR: Peach, single crates, 50<g70c, .average 57c;
Purple Uuane, single crates, 40<583c, average
67c; Washington, 6ingle crates, 70iyS5c, average
Sic; Wickson, single crates, 65c@$l 23. average
$1; Yellow Egg, single crates, S3c@$l 10, average
$1 06. Prunes— German, single crates. 60'5'70c,
average 63c; Silver, single crates, average $1 05;
Tragedy, single crates, 40«i»0c, average 7L'c.
Weather hot. Seventeen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July 17.— Porter Bros." Company's
sales: Plums— P D, 45c©$l 20 single crate:
Washington, 55<&G0c; Yellow Egg, $1 20; Satsu
ma, 80c; Wickson, $1 15® 1 55; Botan, SOc; Bur
banks, 6O3S5C; Bradshaw, 75(gW)c. Prunes—
Tragedys, 65®S0c. Nectarines— Red, 55c single
crate. Peaches— Early Crawfords. 60c; Deck
ers. 50c: St. Johns. 4o(fi55c; Fosters. 55® 60c.
Grapes— Fontainbleau. $1 60 single crate. Pears
—Bartletts, 700^1 45 box.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Peaches — St.
John, 23@40c per box. Pears— Bartletts. 33c@
$1 70 box. Plums— Abundance, 30c single crate;
Washington. 35c® $1 10; California Red, 55c@
$1 40; Bradshaw, SOc(g$l 45; P D, 45CJU 20; Sat
suma, C51i73c; Jefferson, 55c. Prunes— Simoni.
3«t?40c Bingle crate; Tragedy, 60c(S$l: Germans,
701i?5c. Pears— Bartletts, $1 10@l 75 box.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Nectarines— .0
<fi£> single crate. Pears— Bartletts, $1 05@l 60
box. C3@S3c half box. Peaches— Imperials. 43@
COc box; Crawfords. 40<§70c; Hale's Early. 401i!
4Cc; St. Johns. 30-36'^. Plums— Burbanks. 25ftf
SOc single crate; Kelsey Japans, C0c«$l 60;
Ogon, 45'a60c; Purple Duane, 7O@85c; Satsuma,
&5<g«5c; Washington. SCgSOc. Prunes— Germans,
COS 70c; Simoni. 33S!>0c: Tragedys. 50®a0c.
Twenty-two cars fruit Bold.
PITTSBURG July 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—Bart
letts. boxes. $1 73g'2 35. average $1 39. Peaches —
Early Crawfords, boxes, average 91c. Plums-
Purple Duane, single crates, 73©93c, average
(:3c; Washington, single crates, "uCaSOc, average
76c. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, "aQSOc.
average SOc. One car sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 17.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day at
the following: prices: Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
$1 35@1 W, average $1 51. Peaches— Early Craw
fords, boxes, average 73c; Imperials, boxes, 40®
65c, average 61c. Plum" — Burbanks, single
crates, "Ocifftt 50, average $133; Kelsey Japans,
single crates, average 95c; Purple Duane, single
crates, Mtf/Kc, average 82c; Satsuma, single
crates, 60cg$l, average 7Gc. Prunes — Tragedy,
single crates. 75®80c. average 78c. Weather
very hot. Nine cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, Mass.. July 16.— The Earl" Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Pears—Bart
letts box. $1 2Q'J?1 RO. average $1 41; half boxes.
55c3$l"10, average 67c. Peaches— St. Johns, box.
70c$$l 20, average 92c; Crawfords, box, 70c@
$1. average SSc; Hale's Early, box, 35@75c, aver
age 60c. Plums — Burbanks. single crates. 70c®
Jl 10, average 61c: Satsuma, single crates. 50©
SOc averace 64c. Primes— Tragedy, single
crates, 65c<3$l. average 82c. Sixteen cars sold
to-day.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 17.— In the local wheat
market there was a very light movement, al
though a few sales were reported at . prices
ranging from 55S57C for Walla Walla with
Valley quoted at 55S56c.The needs of the ex
porters nre not pressing at the present time
and they are accordingly In no hurry about In
creasing their limits much above export values.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 17.— WHEAT — quiet and un
changed. Blue Stem. 59c; Club. 57c, both for
export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 17.— Consols, 98 9-16; Silver,
2S 3-lCd; French Rentes, 95f. Wheat, cargoes
en passage, sellers at decline 6d; No. 1 Stand
ard Cal. 29s 6d. English country markets quiet.
LIVERPOOL, July 17.— Wheat, quiet. No. 1
Standard Cal., 6s 4d. Wheat in Paris weak.
Cotton, Uplands, 5 23-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Steady: No. 1 Northern Spring, 6s
3d: No. 1 California, 6s S'/jdiges 4d. Futures,
dull; July, nominal. December, 6s l?id.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s; American mixed, old. 4s Hid. Futures, dull;
July, nominal; September, 4s.
•
California Fruit Sales.
Northern Pacific. 73U: Grand Trunk. 6%: Ana-
c £ n 1 a> ":4; Rands. 39%. Bar silver, steady,
nbta per ounce. Money, IV. per cent.
NEW YORK. July 17.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
26.0C6; exports. 41,571 barrels. Sales. GSOO pack
ages. Market was Inactive and again weaker.
Winter straits, $3 73@3 90; Minnesota patents,
%i 20^4 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1150 bushels; experts. 23.-
C05 bushels. Sales. 5,123,000 bushels futures, 24,
000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 84V&C
f. o. b. ailoat; No. 2 red, 81%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S6%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive;
No. 1 hard Duluth. SS%c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options opened rather firm on unexpected
strong cables but not having any outside sup
port, quickly fell off, with corn and were weak
most of the session. Influenced also by rains
in the Northwest, weaker late cables, liberal
new wheat receipts and general liquidation.
Bear leader? were aggressive and considerably
enlarged their short accounts. Finally the
market rallied on covering and closed firm at
a partial Vic net advance. July, Sl%'&S2%c;
closed. S2»ic; September, SO 5-16'3Sl 13-16c;
closed, Sl%c; October. SI%(Q'S2c; closed, S2c;
December, SI 3-16ft$2%c; closed 52'^c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 9Vic;
mllJ, quiet. Futures closed steady at a net
decline of StfflO points. Total sales. 23.250 b:i+rs.
Including: September, $S lOifS -20; October, $3 35;
November. $S 40; December. $S 6Q3S C5; Janu
ary. $S 65©S 70; March, $S SO@S £5; May, $8 90
<tfS 35.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 4 E-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 13-16c; molasses sugar,
4 I-l6c: refined strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 16,172 packages. Market,
steady; creamery, lB'fJlSc: factory. 14S?16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 14.273 packages. Firm;
Western at mark. ll@13Hc for average lots;
Western loss off 15e.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK
SEW YORK. July 17.— The market for evap
orated apples continues to rule quiet and un
changed. California dried fruits, dull at old
prices.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State common, ZVt
STSc: prime, 5H@0Hc; choice, 5%S6c: fancy, 7
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3H@"C per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. HQ14c; Moorpark. 13f?17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14SlSc; unpeeled, 6<g-9c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Wheat freights show little change.
Barley and Corn dull.
Oats firm and in good demand. Rye steady.
Flour trade suffering from the Chinese trouble.
Hay continues to advance. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds very quiet.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in free supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry in moderate supply, but dull.
Fruit market neglected and weak.
Quotations for new Di'icd Fruit now mentioned.
Prunes continue to drop seriously in the Santa Clara Valley.
Provisions dull at the old prices.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops dull.
Hogs in larger receipt and zvcak.
Beef, -Mutton and Veal as previously quoted.
Some descriptions of Coal $1 higher.
Sugar very -firm.
Local stocks and bonds neglected.
slow to 10c lower; butchers' stock, steady to
strong. Natives — Best on sale to-day, one car
load at $5 30; good to prime steers, $5@5 70;
poor to medium, $4 50@5; selected feeders,
steady,' M@4 05; mixed stockers. slow, $3 35@
3 90: cows. $3@4 60; heifers. $3@5: canners.
steady, $2@2 SO; bulls, $2 60@4 50; calves, shade
stronger than last Tuesday. $4 50@C 80. Texans
—Receipts. 1400; best on sale to-day, two car
loads at $4 90; Texas fed steers, $4 10@5; Texas
grass steers, $3 25W4; Texas bulls, $2 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 1S0O: to-morrow, 25.
000. estimated; left over, COCO; 10c lower, clos
ing weak; mixed and butchers, $3@5 33; good
to choice heavy, $3 05@5 22Vi: rough heavy.
14^)05/5; light, $5@5 32>,4; bulk of sales, ?5 2t/j?
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000; sheep, steady 10
slow; lamts. 15c to 25c lower; good to choice
wethers. $4<i?4 CO; fair to choice mixed. S3 10(0
4: Western sheep and yearlings, $3<g4 50: Texas
sheep, $3f<4: native lambs, $4 40QC 60; Western
lambs, $5ifi>5.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 17.— The wool market here was
Plow and there was not enough business doing
to establish a price. The trade was fixed
about 50c for scoured and fine medium and
fine territory wools with 52553c for staple.
Fleece wools offer no attraction whatever and
prices are nominal. Quotations: Territory
wools, scoured basis. Montana and "N yomlng
line medium, 17iglSc; scoured, 50c: staple . t>UV
53c; Utah fine medium and fine, 16«l.c;
scoured. 50c; staple, 521553c; Australian scoured,
basis spot prices : Combing superfine nom
inal, 81SBS7c; good, 80SS2c.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, July 17.— At the Wool auction sales
to-day 10.C9S bales were offered. Merinos were
in good request, German representatives and
the home trade buying cross-breds. The good
selection of Tasmania Wools sold well.
t California crop is estimated to be a third short
. ! and the Eastern outlook is none too good.
. Oregon and Washington prospects are satis
factory. Buyers would contract at l'Jc. but
growers refuse to entertain this bid, hence the
market for future goods is at a standstill.
Tallow Is Fteady under sales for Germany.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
1 Steers. 9*jc; medium, S^c: light. 8^c: Cow
, hides, ?*sc: Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. Sc; Calf.-9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 16c: culls and brands. 13c:
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 15Q.16c: Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 20@30c each; short Wool. 30<5J30c
each; medium, 60@S0c; long Wool. 90c<g$l 10
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2-fZ2 25 for large. $1 73
1 fur medium, $1 for small and 30o for colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 TO for large. $1 25 for me
dium, $1 for small and 2,VS30c for colts. Deer
skins— Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skin?. 2')c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 73c: large and smooth.
50c: medium, .T.c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined. 5Hc; greas=e. 2ff2 1 4<?-
WOOL — Spring clip I* quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14'ffl3c: Northern defective. 12f?
14c; Middle County, free. 14fI16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12©14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', ll!*?12c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10f(12c: Southern Mountain, defectlv-.
7 months'. 9<fillc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16GlSc; Nevada. 13<516c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Jonquln Iamb?", S'SOc per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at :<S10e per lb; new, 10-S12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are arriving more freely from the East.
South and local points, and prices are corres
pondingly weak. All other meats are as pre
viously quoted and there is no lack of sup
plies.
I!EEF-5g«i;c per lb for fair tr> choice.
VEAL— Large, SHS9c: small, S x i>3W<~c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%'SSc; ewes. 7g7'*c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. SH^gc per lb.
PORK— Live Hops. 6c for small. 5-'Sff3 T 4c for
medium and 6%©5%O for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5>/4c; dressed Hogs, StjS'ic
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags, 2SHW32»ic; Fleece
Twine, 7V4c; Fruit Bag3, fM®4%e for white and
8Vi@8?ic for bleached Jute.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2'i-Io tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 CO for unpeeled,
$1 85 for peeled and $1 95 for peeled and sliced;
I Blackberries, $1 60; Cherries, $1 75 for black,
$1 S3 for white and $,2 for Royal Anne; Cur
rants. $1 75; Gooseberries. $1 63: Grapes. $1 35:
Nectarines, $1 50: Peaches. $1 63@1 75; Pears,
$1 73; Plum?. $1 33(gl 40; Quinces, |1 65; Rasp
berries, $1 83; Strawberries. $1 75.
COAL — Prices for several coast and foreign
descriptions are a dollar hifrher. The German
Government is paid to be after supplies In this
market. Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay, $3 CO; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $11 per ton: Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Castle Gate and Rock Springs,
$8 43 per 2000 pounds.
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 14'S15Uc for prime
washed, 12^ti IC'-ic for good washed, lS'gH'ic
for good to prime washed peaherry, Il>^ei3o
for good to prime peaberry, ll'4'g]3Vic for good
to prime, I0@lle for good current mixed with
black beans, 9}i®ll%C tor fair, 7©S 3 &c nominal
for common to ordinary; Salvador, lO'i'JjlSc for
good to prime washed. 1051 lO^e for fair washed,
12®13 l 3C for good to prime washed peaberry,
lO^ifjlS^ic for good to prime somi-washed. lO 1^
<&llc for superior unwashed. IO'SIO^c for good
green unwashed, ll'fjll'ic for good to superior
unwashed peaberry, (H6S%C nominal for com
mon to ordinary: Nicaragua. 14 / 517 t 4c for prime
to fancy washed. VPAQ\2>&C for fair to strictly
good washed, 9*ifilO'ic nominal for good to
superior unwashed, lOVi'S'llc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; Guatemala and
Mexican. 14S17 l 2 c for prime to fancy washed.
12»i'gl3»ic for strictly good washed. llH^lS 1^
1 for good washed, 9H^ll l ic for fair washed,
9*I9',iC for medium, $\<(l%\c for inferior to or-
I dinarj". lS'fiK'ic for good to prime washed pea
berry, ll'Sll'ic nominal for good to prime un
washed peaherry. 10 / S10?ic nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, IS^e per rb; Sole.
Leather, medium. 26??30c: Sole Leather, light.
2SO38e; Rrauh Leather, heavy, 27©2Sc: Rough
Leather, light. 2r.'R26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
32ti3Sc; Harness Leather, medium. 30-g37c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29(J73."c; Collar Leather, lo 1 ?
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40^300 per 1T>: Veal,
finished. B0O55e; Calf, finished. 75cW$l 20: Sides,
finished, JlC-iilic per foot: Belt Knife Splits
14^ 16c; Rough Splits. SftlOc per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases, Xo. 1.
73c: pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
79c: raw, 77c: cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases, 75c: China
Nut, 6Srj72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 60c; cases. 6Cc: Sperm, pure, C5c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37**@42Uc per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels. 35c; cases. 4«c.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND BENZINE
—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12Wc; Pearl
Oil, in cases, lS>ic; Astral Oil. in cases, lS'fcc:
Star Oil, in cases, lKiic: Extra Star Oil, in
cases, 22^ic; Elnine Ol!. In cases, 23V«: Eocene.
20Hc: Deodorized Pto\-e Gasoline, in "bulk, 15c:
Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In cases, 21c: Ben
zine, in bulk, 14'£c: Benzine, In cases, 20^0; |
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; Sft-degree Gas- '
ollne. In caies. 27c.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 6Sc rer gallon In
cases and 63c in drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 1V+Q
1%.k rer th; White Lead, Vii~\c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $.'0^51 per flask for local use
and $45<??46 for export.
SUGAR— The market Is very stiff. The West
ern Sucar Reflnlnc Company quotes, per lb. in
100-lfa bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered. 5.S0c: Candy Granu
lated, o.SOc; Dry Granulated. 5.70c; Confection
ers' A, 5.70; Magnolia. A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c;
Golden C, 5.10c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels.
23c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags. l^>c more.
No orders tak»n for less than ™ barrels or its
equivalent. Dnmlnos, half-barrels, 6.45c; j
boxes. 6.70c per lb. ;
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pin*,
ordinary sizes. $16*117; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, $17@ IS for No. 1 and $15^16 for No 2- I
Lath, 4 feet. $3 30^4; Pickets. $13: Shingles. I
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 17.
Flour, qr sks .... 19.314 Eggs, doz 16 PSO
Wheat, ctls 1.810 Raisins, bxs 20O
Barley, ctls 2.0«O Lime, bbls 91
Dats. ctls 1.400iSugar. bbls 27.>
Theese. ctls oliPelts. bdls 430
Butter, ctls 231 Tallow, ctls 216
Potatoes, sks ... 5.5-t") Quicksilver, flsks 5
Dnions. sk3 600 Leather, rolls ... 83
Sugar, sks 700;HIdes. no 917
Wool, bales 6jHay, tons 437
Wine, gals 70.200 :?traw. tons 23
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 3.234 Bran, sks 3.400
Corn, ctls 53 Shorts, sks 1,230
»
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local stocks and bonds were very quiet at
unchanged quotations on the morning session.
The oil stocks were neglected.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
down to $07 50, the other stocks being dulL
The American Fuel Oil Company sold ex-divi
dend of lc-
The usual quarterly dividends of the Alaska-
Mexican and the Alaska-Treadwell mines on
Douglas Island, Alaska, have been declared
payable on the 23th, the former being 10c per
sharer or $1S,COO, and the latter, 37Vjc per share
or $73,0CO. ' ¦'"
The annual meeting- of the Alaska-Treadwell
Mining Company was held on the 16th when
the following were elected trustees: William
Alvord (president), II. H. Taylor, E. W Hop
kins, F. W. Bradley. R. D. Fry. A. T. Ccrbus
was continued as secretary and treasurer and
thfr Bank of California as bankers.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared the usual quarterly dividend of 3 per
cent, payable immediately.
The Gas Consumers' Association has declared
the usual monthly dividend of 15 cents per
share, payable immediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July IT— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3U 4
4s quar coup^HSViUS Mutual El Co 11
4s do reg 115'illS O G L & H..." — SO
«s do cd new..l34H134H Pac Cas Imp. 46% 47'*
3s quar coup. .110 110*4 Pac L Co 40 —
Miscellaneous— Sac ElG&RCo. '1 —
Cal-st Cab 3s. .116*4 — S F G & E 43 43U
C C Water 5s. — 1CS Kan Francisco 1*1 5
Ed L & P 6s.l2SVi — |=tkn G & E Co W —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — IIS Insurance—
Geary-st It 5s. — 99 Firem's Fund 2'S —
H C & S ofes. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s 101 103 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66 —
L A Ry 5s — 105U Bank of Cal. ..406 .
L A Lt Co 6b. — — Cal S D & T..103 —
Do gntd 6s.. — — First National — 230
L A gntd JS...100 — Lon P & A....^ —
L A P R R 5s. — 101% Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-Bt 6s. .123 — N'ev Nat Bk
Do 1st M 5s. IIS llS'/J Savings Banks—
N'CNORiJ.- — Ger S & L....1S90 —
N R of Cal 6s.HlH — Hum S & L... — —
Do os 117'i — Mut Sav Bk... 43 —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S F Sav U....3O5 —
Do 5s 103 — 1 Sav & L So.... 74 78
N Cal of R 6S.111U - Sec Sav Bk.... - -
Oak G L&HSs.lll — Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s.. 113 113«4 Street Railroads-
Oak W Co us.. — 1C4 .California 122\i. —
Oceanic S Co. 105 — I Geary-st 30 * —
Om C Ry 6s.. 12$ — M8rket-st Ry.. 63 64
P ft Cl Ry 6s.10.Jt; - OSL&H _ 4711
P & O R R 6s.lt.-> — Presidio — 22^
Powell-st R 6s.l2i> — Powder Stocks-
Sac E1&GR3S. 06 100 California 155 1W,4
S F &. SJV 5s.lWii20U! Giant Con Co. S6 87
S Ry of Cal 68.111 — iVlgorit • 2% —
S P of A 6s...llO%im4j Susar Stocks—
S P C far 1905). 110 110% Hana S P Co. 814 9
Do <19C6) ....111^113 iHaw C & S Co 87 " S3
(1912) ....lin 122H|Honokaa S Co 32*4 32*4
SPRClst gntos — — Hutch S P Co. 2JT t 23U
S P Br Cs 131*4 — I Hutch S P Co. — 1«4
S \ Water 63.113 — iMakawell S Co 48% 47li
Do 4s 103*i — JOnomea S Co.— 23
Do 3d ratg... — 102>i'Paauhau S Co. 31!i 3124
em larse Yellow. $1 17U01 20 per ctl: Eastern
White. $1 17Vi<f?l 20 per ctl: Mixed, $1 15@1 17&.
RYE— 92»4@95c rer ctl. Dealers now report a
good shipping demand at firm prices.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Chinese trouble is seriously checking the
export of Flour from this coast to China. Large
quantities are reported tied up at Hongkong,
Shanghai and interior points, while little fur
ther movement from here is expected until
peaceful conditions again prevail. The Flour
now there that cannot be sold is estimated to
be worth $1.5C0,CC0.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6CC3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40(f}3 50; Oregon
nnd Washington. J2 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 13@3 DO for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 . o@
5 75 oer barrel
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rve
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 30; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny." $3 5003 73; Buckwheat Flour. $4^4 23:
Cracked Wheat. $3 30; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sack". $5 73*07: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $3; Green Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay again went up, as will be seen by the
quotations. Some dealers think the advance
altogether too rapid, and look for a reaction,
while others take the contrary view. \ olunteer
grades do not budge.
FeedstufTs of afT descriptions remain un
changed.
BRAN— $12 50(ffl3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17ff?20 r>er ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. S25(JT27; Jobbing, $27 50
<ff 2S : Coeoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal, $24 a0.
Cracked Corn. f25; Mixed Feed. $14.
.HAY— Volunteer, $4 5Pff6 50; Wheat. $10@12 o0;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@12: Oat, $S?10; Clover.
$4@6; Alfalfa. $G®7 50; Barley, $6 50(g8 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 23@40c per bale.
There Is nothing going on worthy of note.
Beans and Seeds.
BEAN'S— Bayos, $2 85«i3; Small White. $3 23®
3 40; large White, $2 75^2 90: Pink. $2 50® 2 90.
Red. T2 5O<a3; Blackeye. $2 50<33 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30®5 40; Pea, ?3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $.404 50.
SEEDS— 'Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90<g2 20; Canary, 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 434^c;. Timo
thy. 4fr4Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2 25@2 50; Green. J2 25
©2 50 per ctl
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are very cheap, and In large supply,
and Onions are also abundant. Vegetables are
featureless, with large supplies.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; New Early
Rose 25f?33c: New Burbanks, 2o^"oc per ctl.
ONIONS— NEW Red, 50(265c; Yellow, 90c@
$1 10 r>er ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c®$l per sack;
73c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $l@l £3 for
Alameda: Asparagus. 73c<g$3 per box; Green
Peas. 2®3c per lb: String Beans, l@3c; Limas.
4c; Cabbage, 40<g50c; Tomatoes, Rivers, "oc®
$1 25; Egg Plant. 50c@$l 25 per box; Green Okra,
10c; Green Peppers. 50*5730 per box for Chili
and 50c<S$l for Bell; Dried Peppers., S@10c; Car
rots, 25®35c per sack; Summer Squash. 50-JJ60C
for Alameda; Cucumbers, 25'S40c for Alameda;
Pickles, 85i@90c; Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Buticr, Cheese and Eggs.
The market Is dull. A car of Eastern came
In. Small and poor stock Is neglected.
Doves are lower and slow of sale, and It Is
only the second day of the season.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and 10®12V4c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25;
Goslings. $123(^150: Ducks. $3@4 50 for old and
J3 WgS for young; Hens, $4 1 Jf3: young Roosters,
$4 50^6; old Roosters, $3 5034; Fryers. $4;
Broilers, $3<£f3 50 for large and $1 50'32 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 23'S'l GO per dozen for old and
$1 25® 1 50 for Sauabs.
GAME — Doves, 5O'g75c per dozen.
There is nothing whatever new in this mar
ket. Fine Butter and Eggs are both firm at the
old quotations. Eggs are showing the effects
of the recent hot 'weather, which necessitates
considerable candling. Most of the dairy But
ter here is poor. There is no scarcity in any
thing.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, lSH@19c; sec
onds, 17»i@lSc.
Dairy— Fancy, 16^c; good to choice, laHSlBc;
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New. S@9c: Young America. 9^.j?
10c; Eastern. lC'gKc: Western. 13@16c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 14®15c r O r store and 17v<>@
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14^!gl5c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
This is the dullest week thus far this sea
90a The demand seems to have almost sub
sided. Receipts are not excessive, but they
drag. Peaches and pears are the principal suf
ferers In this respect. Crawford peaches In
large boxes were freely offered at 25c, which is
about He per pound. Fine large jfreen Bartlett
pears, however, brought 75c. Nectarines are
another dull fruit. Grapes and melons are al
so declining under a slackened demand, and the
market Is off all around. The moderate re
ceipts alone save it from a severe glut.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 25@30c per box and crate; and
$S(!7 2O per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 40c«?Jl for large boxes; Graven
steins, 75cfSJl 25; Crabapples, 25@4Oc per small
box. and r.0(ii60o per large box.
PEARS— 2.1(S 40c per box; Bartletts. 23@73c In
boxes and $12 SO'ftlO per ten in bulk.
PLUMS— 20^33c per box and crate, and 20@35c
per basket: in bulk, $10ftl5 per ton; Prunes,
3(V5'35c per crate and 20Q33C per basket.
STRAWBERRIES- $2 50@3 50 per chest for
large and $2®r> for small berries.
RASPBEHRIES-$3«J7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2f?4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES-$:>'S7 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2ff3 per chest.
HUCKLKBERRIES-7lS9c per lb.
FIGS— Per box, 23@40c for single and 63@S5c
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White, 3O@4Oc per box; red,
30© 60c.
PEACHES— 204740c per box and 20#30c per
basket; in bulk, $12 50^20 per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona. 75c#$l 25 per crate;
from Hanford, $1 50; Fontainebleau, from
Vacavllle. 30<ii73c.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 73c@$l 23 per case and —
per crate; Cantaloupes. J2?f3 23 per crate.
Watermelons, from Fresno. $10'520 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS-St. Michaels, $1@2; Valen
cias, $1 i"0®2 SO; Lemons. $lg"l SO for common
and $2@3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5<R5 10; Bananas, 75cji$2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50«J3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Prune drop In the Santa Clara Valley
continues and Is now estimated at from 15 to
30 per cent of the county's crop. Irrigated or
chards are the worst sufferers, some of them
losing practically their whole crop. The drop
In non-irrigated orchards is generally insig
nificant. It is the most serious visitation for
years, and prices for the new crop will not
be announced by the association until the ex
tent of the damage Is known.
Prices for new Peaches, Pears, Plums and
Nectarines below are merely preliminary and
floating, as the regular opening quotations for
these goods have not been made yet. New
Almonds are quoted below.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, nom
inal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, 5^@^c;
sun-dried. 3@*»c per lb; Black Figs. l*i@2c:
White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached Plums. 7?ic: "Un
bleached Plums, 6c fcr pitted and l^c for un
pitted.
NEW CROP — Apricots. 6^7140 per lb;
Peaches, 3®6c here; Pears, 5®7c; Plums, pitted,
4»4!36c.
IIAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8V4c; choice. 7%c; standard, 6Hc;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, uc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5^ic;
3-crown. 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.*2
crown, $1 JO per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12: Dehesa. $2 «,0; Imperial. $3. AM
prlcop are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8$?9c for Standards and 9®
10c lor softshells; new Almonds, 10H@llc for
pnpershell, SV4@S^ic for soft and for hard
shell: Peanuts. Mi06*ic for Eastern and ac for
California; Brazil Nuts. 7H@Sc; Filberts, 12@
12V.c; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12Vifl3c for bright and WHi
12c for light amber: water white, 1\i®~¥,c; light
amber extracted. 6%<37e; dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Cc per lb.
¦
Provisions
The market' Is quoted extremely dull, and
prices have not chanced for some time. '
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOiglO^c per lb for
heavy, lOUSlOVic for light medium. ll?ic for
light. 12V»c for extra light and Uljc f or susrar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12rS13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess.: $13; Fam
ily. ?14: extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear, $19;
Mess. $16 £0; Smoked Beef, 12%<513c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SVic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8%e: 10-lb tine. 9Uc; S-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOL.ENE— One-half barrel. STJc; three
half-barrels, S»ic; one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
S'/ic; five tierces, S%c per lb.'
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue dull, with accumulating
stocks. •
Wool shows no Improvement. Fall .clips are
slowly appearing and bid fair to-be defective.
Buyers still keep out of the market.
Hops are steadily held by the growers, as the
THE SAN FRAKUISUU CALL, WEDNESDAY,>IULY 18, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Stocktn Gas 6s 93U — I Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— |Al Pack Assn. 11. n>
Contra Costa.. 67% 6S'i Cal Fruit Asn. — »¦»
Marin County. 50 — JMer Kx Assn. 9. IM^ .
Spring Valley. 94'i Oo'i' Oceanic S Co. H* ,wi
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A..-. —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C P.or Co.lJ) —
Cent L & P Co 4U 5«£ Far Paint Co.. 10 —
. Morning session.
Boards — .„ «.
230 Makawell *° r»
$2000 Market-street Railway Con. 5s US 00
$1000 Northern Ry. of Cal. 5s "j '?
150 Paauhau S. P. Co ** g
*CGCO S. F. & S. J. V. Bonds 11D °°
Street— _. _i.
100 Honokaa S. Co 32 37'^..
13 Kllauca Sus^r Plantation Co 1» «*
Afternoon Session.
130 Contra Costa Water *? s0
100 Contra Ccsta Water «* *}
V) Giant Powder Con Sf> -'
23 Makawell 46 - : >
2:0 Makaweli 4* M
5 Makawell 4B «2^a
iCO Oceanic S. S. Bonds IPS 00
200 Paauhau S. P. Co 31 -•">
IDS. V. Water M*Hj
10 S. V. Water 9* 73
Street—
125 Contra Costa V.'ater ." 6* W
JOCK) Oakland Gas Bonds Ill CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAXGE.
Morning Session.
&V) American Fuel M
300 Independence 13
10 Kern River IS 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Homestake 13 30
MINING STOCKS.
Following -were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraln; Session.
200 Best & Belcher 2C' MM M»xlean I*
100 Best & Beli her 21 200 Ophlr •">
200 Hale & Norcrs. 22 Z<«> Silver Hill *S
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge 13 mo Hale & Nnrcrs. 22
300 Crcwn Point... 12 CiG Silver Hill 43
Following were the sales in the Pacific Etock.
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Caledonia 9u "i» Potosi 13
2f'O Challenge Con. 15 ifl Sierra Nevada. 21
700 Crown Point.... 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
& Norcrs. 21 300 Syndicate 03
200 Mexican 1G
Afternoon Session.
COO Alta 07! 1^0 Kentucfc PI
200 Challenge Con. 14 2.">0 Overman 13
200 Crown Point 12; 200 Savage 15
COO Hale & borers. 22: 100 Silver Hill «
200 Justice 10 1 500 Utah U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 17—4 r>. m.
Alpha M 03 -Justice 08 C
Alta C6 W Kentoc* — 01
Andes C» C."> Lady Wash — 63
Belcher .-. 14 15M«x:can 13 17
Best & Belcher 21 22 Occidental 07 10
Bullion 03 04, Ophlr 67 M
Caledonia &7 !>5. Overman 12 13
Chollar 17 JS Potosi U U
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 13 IS
"onfldence 7>> 73 Scorpion f>- —
Con Cal & Va.l 43 1 50 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 ¦ Sierra Nevada. 2 1 ? 27
Con New York. C3 Ml Silver Hill ** 50
Eureka Con — f."« 5t Louis U 20
Crown Point 12 13 Standard 4 10 4 23
Exchequer Cl 02,Syndlcat« 07 —
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Union Con .... 13 2"
Hale & Norcrs. 22 23 Utah 10
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. It I*
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office. V. S. ?f.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 17. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i e at noon oi the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock xv «.. Greenw^t.™.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters" at Fort Point, entrance to Str
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
"WEDNESDAY, JULY 13.
Sun rises I'M
Sun sets 7:30
Moon rises, third quarter 11:'">3 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tidf*
the early morning tides are Riven tn the tefi
hand column and the successive tlde3 of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. Tho
second time column gives the second ticie of
the- day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives th°
la?t tide of the day. except when th»re are but
three tide3. as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition t<-> th» soundings on th«
United States Cor.st Survey charts, except
¦when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heicht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wat.'ra.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO PAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. J Sails. | Pier.
Newport ...|N. T. v. Pan.lJuly 18. 12 m[PMS;i
Bonita is<\n Pedro I.Tuly 1«. SamlPierll
Eureka ....IHumboldt (July 15. 2 pmiPW 13
City JaneiroChina&Japan'.July 19. 1 pm'PMSS
"Walla TV". Ivict^'-Ia I.Ti.iv y\. u nm T>i*r "»
Santa Rosa ! San Diego JJuly 2". 11 am'Pler 11
Orizaba ...;Humboldt July 22, 2pmjPler 9
Coos Bay... I Newport Uuly 22. 9 am Pw U
Arcata irons Bay Uuly 13. 12 m!Pier 11
State of Ca!i Portland I.T.iK- Jt, 11 am'PW -»
Ohio JCape Nome...|July 23. I Pier 21
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena. .'July 23. 2 pm<Pi»r 3
Corona iSan Diego tJuly 2t. 11 amlPler U
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. July 17.
Srmr "Willamette. Hansen, 7* hour3 from
Seattle.
Stmr Walla 'Walla. Hall. 6CU hours from
Victoria and Pusret Sound oorta.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. 42 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 20 hours from Xeed'e
Rock.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 51 hours fro*n
Port Los Anseles.
Bark Edward May. Hansen. 13 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Muriel. Carlsen. 23 days from Kako
flate.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson. 4 days from
Grays Harbor. . "«**»
Schr O M Kelloggr. Iverson. 60 hours from En.
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen. hours from
San Pedro. In tow of tujr Rescue. »•«»*»
CLEARED.
Tuesday. July 17
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka; Goodall. Per-
Pe^ns^Co** Nlco!son - San p^ro: Coodall.
Ger stmr Aeolus. Wellbacher, Jalulf Wil
liams, Dimond & Co. .
SAILED.
•US stmr Sumner. Ly m an. T S? a :-v J i a I^a
fIonolul-^ Cal!f ° m!an - M °-rt=o n . MaoHa. Yla
Fir strrr Belgian Kin*. Weiss Seattle
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria
Strr.r. Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Continued on Page Eleven.
s_
ran
H W|
pt.
nmf!
7^|
H
I
N
taei
{•SI
' i:r
Ft.
1 —
rrr
>i I
s ..
9 ..
.. 4:05
.. 5:15
L. W *
4.
3.
9:32:
10:26
I W
i.s:
2.2J
4:
B:
:1C
I 5.S
¦a
J
•• ?:u|
8:4SI
i.7|
iz:
'3 '.'¦
! 4.5!
: a ?
Steamer.
! Froi
T>i
Tellus
..'Oyster Harb
r
fanta Rosa...
...iPan Di^eo.. .
Slam
..JOystpr Harbi
Astec
. .JJTanalmo.. ..
•K
Ohio
Empire
...JV
Ml
)
Eureka
<r<-"Ci'nt f'try..
..IHumboldt
. .! Crescent Cltj
Ptat? of Cal. ..
PrnRreso
Colon
...IPortland
..jTacoma
..(New York
.Ml.
.;ju
Cccs Bay
. . I N'etvport
Point Arena...
..'Point Ar»na.
Orizaba
Washtenaw ...
..IHumhoMt....
..iTacoma
.Ifn
I T.,
Arcata
..[Coos Bay
fvi Norte
IVnrfleM
..iOvsiter Harb€
or
..H-'>i"Lpr narut
ritania
..iNanalmo
.JJn
Wellington
~orona
Vorth Fork
.JComox
..'Pan Dieg-o
..IIIumho!dt
Hctoria
..[Oyster llarbc
or
.lJu
C2
Jmatllla
..'Victoria
.'Jxi
Czarina
..(Oyster Harbo
r>r
•Ju
s_
ran
H W|
pt.
nmf!
7^|
H
I
N
taei
{•SI
' i:r
Ft.
1 —
rrr
>i I
s ..
9 ..
.. 4:05
.. 5:15
L. W *
4.
3.
9:32:
10:26
I W
i.s:
2.2J
4:
B:
:1C
I 5.S
¦a
J
•• ?:u|
8:4SI
i.7|
iz:
'3 '.'¦
! 4.5!
: a ?
Steamer.
! Froi
T>i
Tellus
..'Oyster Harb
r
fanta Rosa...
...iPan Di^eo.. .
Slam
..JOystpr Harbi
Astec
. .JJTanalmo.. ..
•K
Ohio
Empire
...JV
Ml
)
Eureka
<r<-"Ci'nt f'try..
..IHumboldt
. .! Crescent Cltj
Ptat? of Cal. ..
PrnRreso
Colon
...IPortland
..jTacoma
..(New York
.Ml.
.;ju
Cccs Bay
. . I N'etvport
Point Arena...
..'Point Ar»na.
Orizaba
Washtenaw ...
..IHumhoMt....
..iTacoma
.Ifn
I T.,
Arcata
..[Coos Bay
fvi Norte
IVnrfleM
..iOvsiter Harb€
or
..H-'>i"Lpr narut
ritania
..iNanalmo
.JJn
Wellington
~orona
Vorth Fork
.JComox
..'Pan Dieg-o
..IIIumho!dt
Hctoria
..[Oyster llarbc
or
.lJu
C2
Jmatllla
..'Victoria
.'Jxi
Czarina
..(Oyster Harbo
r>r
•JuBurton Holmes' Lectures
wi*.«>re ¦»iU b<? two Burton Holmes lec
tur\ given at the Columbia Theater this
v.eek. The first will b« delivered to-mor
row afternoon and the second on Sunday
afternoon. Manila will be the subject of
both lectures.
Funeral of Rev. Dr. Brauer.
OAKLAND. July 17.— The funeral of
Rev. H. C. Brauer. who dropped dead in
his pulpit while preaching Sunday at Pas
adena, will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock from the German Methodist
Church on Twenty-third avenue. Dr.
Brauer ' founded this church about nine
years ago.
Civil Service Examinations.
The Board of Civil Service Commlpsion
ers decided yesterday to postpone the ex
amination* for experienced clerks in the
AssfrMior's and Tax Collector's offlces
Frheduled fr-r n"Xt month. In their stead
examinations will be held for subordi
i.atrp in the Board of Public Works and
for positions on the police force.
Mothersole Sued for Divorce.
OAKLAND, July 17.— Charges of willful
neglect, failure to provide and habitual
intemperance are combined In a divorce
suit filed to-day against George F. Moth
ersole, formerly a theatrical manager tn
this city. . Mrs. Mothersole alleges tn her
complaint that about two years ago her
husband became excessively addicted to
the use of alcoholic stimulants. Since
that time, she claims, he has neglected
and mistreated her in a cruel manner.
Says He Was Stood Up.
J'.hri F. St'-wr.rt. an ex-police officer,
yesterday caused the arrept of James Ma
honey on ¦ rharpe of robbery. Stewart
f!r.:mf that Marion*:.' ami two other men
hold him up at Van Ness and Unden ave
nue? (several night? ag;> and rob'.ied him of
a loaded revolver and a purse containing
$4 SO. His accomplice* will be arrested to
day.
High School Graduate Weds.-
BERKELEY, July 17.— Miss Beverley
Johnson and John White were married
this evening at the home cf Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Hathaway. 21r4 Fulton street. Rev
D. O. Kelley, formerly of the Presidio of
ficiated. The. maid of honor was. Miss
Susie Johnson and the bridesmaid was
Miss Stella Meade of Fresno. The grooms
man was A. Falvey. Miss Johnson, who is
a niece of Mr. and Mrs. Hathaway. Is a
graduate of the Berkeley High School Mr.
White Is engaared In business in San Fran
cisco, where the newly married couple will
make their home.
Hooper, assistant manager of the Occi
dental. "The natural travel has been con
siderably greater than that of last year
or the previous one. Aside from this,
travel to and from the Orient is largely
increased, and, this will doubtless continue.
We are well satisfied with the situation
and look for a business thls'fall that will
keep our establishment filled to its best
capacity."
Manager. John C. Kirkpatrick of the
Palace is also satisfied that there is noth
ing the matter with San Francisco.
"Speaking of hotel business." said he.
"our trade for the first eight months of
this year has been 20 per cent better than
for the same period last year. Travel
across the Pacific is heavy both ways, and
that from other dlrocttcns is all that could
be expected. I should say that by reason
of recent improvement and the good con
ditions that now exist we will have a very
lively fall and winter travel. I think we
should be well satisfied with affairs. Our
guests all seem to have plenty of money
and they pay their bills promptly, all of
which indicates a prosperous condition
generally." :
"This month lips been the best we have
had in years," said Manager Rich of the
Grand. "Business is heavier. In fact, than
at any other time during the long period
I have been connected with the hotel. : As
an indication of trade it is only necessary
to state that there is, hardly a night that
we are not short of rooms with which to
accommodate our guests, despite the large
number we have. Traffic holds up well
under all handicaps. The indications are
exceptionally promising for a good fall
and winter trade. In short, the situation
is highly satisfactory."
Tell of Prosperity and Predict Ex
' cellent Business During the
Fall and Winter.
t==3HE leading hotels of San Francisco
are properly regarded as barometers
II of business, the ebb and flow of the
tide of travel /through their doors in
dicating whether times are good, bad or
indifferent.' This being the case, the pub
lic will read with genuine interest the
statements of the managers of these big
hostelrles as to the condition of business
in their line. These declarations are most
certainly of a cheering nature and show
the vitality of the city.
General AVarfield of the California re
gards the situation with the utmost satis
faction. "Business Is good and will be bet
ter," said he yesterday. "Notwithstand
ing scares of the Kinyoun order, we are
doing well. A year ago I said that if I
never did a better June business I would
not complain. At the close of June busi
ness this year I found that the hotel had
done more than $2000 better than in the
same month in 1659. Furthermore, the out
look is all that could be expected, and I
am satisfied that there will be a larger
trade this fall and winter than ever be
fore At this early date I have engage
ments from all ever the East. San Fran
cisco is all right, and there-are few who
realize the remarkable growth of popula
tion and business it will enjoy during the
next few years. There is nothing to stop
the progress of the city now. but an ap
preciation of tho possibilities and the exer
cise of proper enterprise will do much ip
accelerate our prosperity."
"Our business is excellent, said George
CITY BONIFACES
FIND TIMES GOOD
Perrv Held by Commissioner Heacock
Bert SrhlePir.p'-r ano bugene liert ap
peared yesterday :n United State? Court
Commissioner Heaeock's court to defend
3I«*nr>' E. Perry from the charge; of pass
tr.g counterfeit money. Four barkeepers
and a restaurant man sv/ore that Perry
had passed had half dollars on them.
Vnited States Secret Agent Hazen and
Operator R. S. Browne, who arr^«t»<J
ivrry at Union Coursing Park, found
counterfeit money in onfe pocket and good
money in the other. P^rry tt>ld them he
ha<1 received one hundred dollars In coun
terfeit halve* from a man whom he knew
as Harry and v.ho had gone to New York.
Mr. Srhlesinger declined to put in any
«>vider.ce and the priMii^r was held to
answer before the Grand Jury.
Banauet to Senator Daniel
The loader? of the local Democracy will
fr.<ier a banquet and reception to Sen
atcr Dude! of Virginia at the Palace Ilo
/-<;1 to-r.ight. The tables will be ?prfad
I :i observatory hall for about 100 (guests-.
The committee in charge of the affair
is compoj'pd of the following named gen
tlfr-nitn: I.ouis DeF. Rartlett. Gavin Mc-
Xsb, William Der.rr.an. Curtis Hillyer.
Hui; McClatijrhry and Jurifje Wltliam P.
I-awJor. Amor.p the ppeakfrs will l*e ex
<"onerrcssman Jarae* <J. Maguire. Gavin
McN'ab. ex-Governor Budd. K. K. Lane.
F H. Gould, Jcreph S. Tobin and J. C.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
SAN I>IEC;O. Julv 17.— The United States
Fteamer Ranger Balled tc-day at 3 p. m. for
Fan Francisco.
WASHINGTON". July 17. — Colonel Edward B. ]
VCilliston. Sixth Artillery, has been placed on I
the retired list.
HENDERSON. Ky.. July 17.— The Rev. Dr. j
Palton pastor of th» Cumberland Presbyterian j
''huf-h here, has accepted a call to Portland, i
Or.
HILLSBORO, Or.. July 17.— Ullrich Plr.er, a |
your.g min of Farminrtdn. committed suicide j
iaFt night, by •¦hoo'.inK himself through the j
head with a revolver. He had conrumptlon j
and wa5 despondent.
JACKPOK. Cal., July 17.— Giovannia Gar- !
barinl wa* Instantly killed by fal!ln«r rook in !
the South Eureka mine last night. He leaves a
family of eight children in Italy. A cousin «u
killed In the F&rr.e mine two months ago.
DUBl'Ql'E. la., July 17.— Henry L. Stout, a !
millionaire lumber man. died to-day aeed SS. |
He was a pioneer of the Northwest, was Mayor j
of Lnibuque in lS^O. and was one cf the In
corporator? of the Dubucjue & Dakota Railroad.
I^ONG REACH. July 17.— The actual work of !
the Long Reach Chautauo.ua befjan to-day. A
RBxnber of lecture* on live topics were listened
f. by a larpe audience in the big pavilion. Mrs.
Mary F. Pchaffer read a paper on "Child
BtuOyT and Mies Grace Ititton lectured on
•'Dome?t!c Economy."
SACRAMENTO. July 17.— The Jury In the
case of Mark 'WpstlaJce. tried for the murder of
Rcbert R. Watts last February, i* lockM up
for t>e n!*fct- The Jurors stand seven for
conviction and five for acjulttal. The evi
dence if all circumstantial, but very strong
a^ainrt Wfstlake.
BT'CHAREST. July 17.— The Conservative and
Constitutional parties of Roumania having
formed a coalition, the Cantacuzene Ministry
ha* recijrned. recommending the King to Intrust
to M. Carp thf formatl'«n of a Conservative <r>a-
Sltion Cabinet. The resignations of the Minis
ter* have b*x»n accepted.
IX»NDON. July 17.— The rumors that Jean de
HeEzke'R voice had broken down were revived
to-day, owing to his failure to appear before
the Oueen at Windsor Castle in "FauFt." ac
cordlne to announcement. M. de Reszke's man
ar«T and friends, however, insist that he 1»
only the victim of influenza and that his voice
Is as (rood as ever.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 17.— The first carload
of new Washington wheat has arrived from
Adams County, consigned to Iteed ic Co. Re
ports from eastern portion* of the State ln
; dlcate that the <-rnp will not be as heavy as
expected. tMrty Instead of thirty-five bushels
being the average. The. estimate of the total
: yield for the state is now cut down from
SCfOO.OOO to 2S.000.0G0 bushels.
Temperance Workers Meet.
Fpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 17.— An Anti-Saloon
League convention was held here to-day.
Delegates are present from all over the
country. At noon the ladles of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Unlca
served lunch in the Christian Church. The
sessions of the convention were heliWln
the Congregational Church. This after
noon ways and means and methods of
work were discussed. This evening Rev
J. R. Knodall of Oakland gave a rousing
temperance address.
Henderson in Tacoma.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 17.— Colonel D. B.
Henderson. Speaker of the lower house of
Congress, arrived with his party In this
city at 2 o'clock this afternoon in his pri
vate car. He will proceed to Portland on
the midnight train. He declares his trip
is purely on plpasure. Colonel and Mrs.
Stout of Dubuque. Iowa, of, the party,
started home to-day, having received tele
frams announcing the death of Colonel
tout's father. - ¦ _
McCue Dismissed.
Special Dlfpatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 17.— The prosecu
tion in the case of .the People against
John McCue went to pieces In Judge Rod
den's court this morning, and McCue, ex
porter at the Hotel Rafael, was allowed
to depart unflned.
Justified in Killing.
Alfred Hube.-t, grocery clerk, who shot
and killed Luijri Ferrea, an ex-convict,
while he was attempting to break into th«
grocery at 149 Kast street on the night of
July 7. appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of murder. The
Judge dismissed the case, remarking that
Hubert was perfectly justified in his act.
NEW YORK. July 17.— The Rev. Dr. C
C. Cregan. general agent of the General
Board (Congregatlonallst), received to
day a copy of a cablegram received at
his home office in Boston yesterday. This
cablegram was from the Rev. Henry G.
Porter, M.D., D.D., a missionary at Pan?
Chung, some 150 miles south of Tientsin.
He cabled from Chefu, under date of July
11, as follows:
Information has been received Peking 4th day
of July. Think they are safe up to present.
(Paper) PaotinR, 25th day of June position ivjt
dangerous. Ewing. Perkins, sailed on Monday
for Japan. Will probably remain some time.
It Is reported WrUht Peking. PORTER.
It is not known what is meant by the
word "paper." The two missionaries re
ferred to as having left for Japan are the
Rev. George H. Ewlng of Pao Tingfu and
the Rev. Henry P. Perkins of Ling Chlng.
The Rev. Dr. E. E. Strong, editor of tha
Missionary World, who forwarded the
cablegram, says that It Is known from
other sources that Professor George Fred
erick Wright was at Vladivostock and not
at Peking, and is probably safe. Profes
sor Wright is a member of the faculty of
Oberlln University.
BARON VON WOHLBORN
ESCAPED DEATH IN CHINA
CHICAGO, July 17.— According to H.
Schwegel, Acting Consul General resident
in Chicago, Barrin Morltz Caikann von
Wohlborn, Austro-Hungarian Minister to
China, escaped the fate accorded the rep
resentatives of foreign- powers In Peking.
Herr Schwegel says the Baron left Pe
king before the trouble began, on a leave
of absence, and that he is at present in
Austria. Only two members of the lega
tion were in Peking at the time of the
massacre, Arthur von Rosthron. Ph.D..
charge d'affaires, secretary of legation,
and Rudolph Natlesta, Vice Consul.-
BATTERY D FROM SAN DIEGO
ORDERED TO THE FAR EAST
SAN DIEGO. July 17.— Battery D, Third
Artillery, Captain Charles Humphreys
commanding, is to go to the Far East.
Votification was received to-day from
General Shafter saying that the battery
had been selected for Immediate servies
in China or the Philippines and directins
the commanding officer to put In a re
quisition for clothing, etc. The battery
consists of 113 men and three officers. Of
these thirty-six men and one officer ar&
now at Fort Baker. San Francisco, the
remainder being here.
SUCCEEDS COLONEL LISCUM.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The death of
Colonel E. H. Llscum, Ninth Infantry, re
sults in the promotion of. Lieutenant Col
onel Charles F. Robe, Seventeenth Infan
trv to be colonel of the Ninth Infantry,
and Major W. O. O'Brien of the Ninth In
fantry to be lieutenant colonel of the Sev
enteenth. Colonel Robe is now with his
regiment In the Philippines.
CATHOLIC MISSION BURNED.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The Secretary
of State has received a dispatch from Mr.
Allen the American Minister in Korea.
saying that the Boxers on Saturday, July
14. destroyed a Catholic mission three
miles from the Korean boundary and fifty
miles from the American mines.
WHEREABOUTS OF THE OREGON.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The following
dispatch was received at the Navy De
partment this morning:
"NOJI, July 17.— Oregon passing through
Shimonoseki Straits on way to Kure. All
well. WILDE."
MORE MISSIONS BURNED.
COPENHAGEN, July 17.— The Danish
mission station at Fung Kwang Tung, on
the peninsula of Liao Tung, has been de
stroyed. The missionaries escaped to
Chemulpo.
PROFESSOR WRIGHT NOT
AMONG THOSE AT PEKING
Mrs. N. Grady Injured.
Electric car No. 5*2. laden with passen
gers jumped the track on Third street, be
tween Tehama and Howard. about
<>:3<j o'clock vestfrday morning. Mrs. N.
Grady. an old lady, of S.SS Illinois street,
who was sitting inside, was injured. At
the Receiving Hospital "possible fracture
of the pkuli anil possible internal injuries"
was the diagnosis made in her case.
THOUGHT MISER
WAS A PAUPER
Interesting Discovery
Regarding a Morgue
Subject's Estate.
m w •HEN the remains of Albert
11/ Tanzer, an aged resident
III of Santa Clara County who
died Sunday night at the
Pacific Hospital. were
taken to the Morgue it was thought
the man had been a pauper. Last
night Deputy Coroner Meehan dis
covered that the deceased left more
than $31,000 on deposit in the various
banking Institutions of this city.
Tanzer came from Santa Clara
County, where he has a small
ranch, one month ago. He secured
a room at the Contra Costa House,
a cheap lodging place at 14 Jack
son street, and bore all the evi
dences of poverty. Each night he
paid twenty-five cents for his
apartment and never displayed any
more money. He was taken ill
last week. As his condition became
worse he was conveyed to the hos
pital, where he suddenly expired.
When Deputy Meehan searched
the miser's room last night he was
surprised to find that the supposed
pauper had a certificate of deposit
on the German Bank for $13,902 09;
one on the San Francisco Savings
I'nion for $12,846 87; one on the
Bank of California for $3286 and
another on the London and San
Francisco Bank for $1940 86. In the
man's pockets was found 22 cents.
He came from Hanover, Germany,
and it is not known whether he has
any relatives.
Petsr Dye Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 17.— Peter Dyo,
wanted by the authorities at Martinez.
Contra Costa County, on a larceny charge,
was arrested by Sheriff Besse at Aptos.
Dye is in Jail awaiting the arrival of tne
Martinez officers.
Refuse to Tell What Company They
Represent, but It Is Believed to
Be the Union Pacific.
REDDING. July 17.— A large party of
railroad surveyors have arrived at .An
derson, twelve miles south of Redding,
and will start to-morrow west for Hum
boldt Bay to reconnolter and run lines.
They refuse to divulge what company
they represent, but It is believed to be
the Union Pacific. They have a full out
fit and are prepared for a long trip. They
have employed H. K. Pettygrove of An
derson to accompany them.'
Everybody is eager to know the real
meaning of the move. It probably indi
cates the long-wanted railroad by Hum
bold!, It is understood the surveyors hail
from Denver.
*
THOMAS CAHTLL KZLLED.
Western Representative of the Cos
mopolitan Loses His Life in a
Fire.
CHICAGO, July 17.— Thomas Cahiil,
Western representative of the Cosmopol
itan Magazine, was killed !n the fire that
destroyed the Vehremyer broomcorn
warehouse last night. Firemen searching
through the ruins to-day came across his
mangled and charred remains. The por
tion of the building he was sleeping In
was caught by the blaze and fell Into the
ruins of the warehouse.
Seeking to, Fuse.
POCATELLO. Idaho, July 17.-Three sil
ver parties met In State convention here
to-day expecting to form a fusion and run
a single ticket. Neither has progressed
beyond temporary organization. In the
Democratic Convention K. I. Perley of
Elmore was elected temporary chairman.
The only contest before the committee
is that from Shoshone County. This de
cision will probably determine the control
of the convention. The Dubols men
feel confident . they will seat the
delegation opposed to Governor Steun
enberg's Coeur d'AIene policy, but the
other side seems to hold Its forces well
In line. %
Springs in His Cellar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 17.— The premises
of Judge James Hayden, on Fourth
street opposite the broad-gauge depot,
are attracting considerable attention from
the /act that three running springs of
crystal water have broken out in his cel
lar and flooded it t« a depth of five feet.
The land upon which the building stands
was never swampy, and running springs
were unknown until the outbreak in Hay
den's cellar.
— »
Missouri Democrats Convene.
SEDALIA, Mo.. Jiily 17.— The Demo
cratic State Convention convened at noon
to-day with Congressman David A. Des
mond as temporary chairman, the tem
porary organization being made perma
nent in the afternoon and the platform
adopted as reported. It Indorses and re
affirms the platform adopted by the na
tional convention held at Kansas City,
and also the platform adopted by the
State Democratic Convention held at Kan
sas City. •
PARTY OF SURVEYORS
BOUND FOR HUMBOLDT BAY
Being Unable to Control Outside Com
petition It Is Driven Out of
Business.
NEW YORK. July IT.— The National
Wall Paper Company, which has been
known for more than six years as the Na
tional Wall Paper Trust, having failed to
control Independent manufacturers, has
practically been driven out of business by
the outside competition, and In the near
future will be dissolved.
This action was decided upon at a meet
ing of the majority of the stockholders
held to-day in this city. The collapse of
the National Wall Paper Company will
result in the winding up of the affairs of
the Continental Wall Paper Company,
which has for some time been an ally of
the National. The latter controlled the
output of fifteen factories In the combi
nation and the Continental Company ope
rated seventeen similar factories.
At the annual meeting to-dav the old
board of directors was re-elected and em
powered to act as trustees in the disso
lution proceedings. Some of the factories
will be bought back by their original own.
ers and the others will be sold to the
highest bidder.
Trouble in Fruit Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 17.-At a meeting of the
directors of the California Cured Fruit
Association to-day J. II. Henry resigned
as director and vice president of the as
sociation and W. P.Cragin was appointed
to fill the vacancy. The resignation of
Henrv was brought about by a dlfferenis
cf opinion between himself and the re
mainder of the board over the manner In
which appointments of employes should
be made. The by-laws provide for the
appointment of employes by the directors.
A resolution was passed delegating this
power to the president, and it is said that
Hond requited the passage of the resolu
tion a-< conditional to his continuing tj
act a<= president of the association. Henry
objected on the ground that it tended to
make the association a one-man power.
Aside from Henry the full board voted
+r\v* t *>O T~f*<3O]llt_ion.
Christian Church Convention.
Special Dispatch to i n<? tan.
SANTA CRUZ. July 17.— Already Gar
field Park is crowded. with delegates who
are here to attend the Christian Church
convention, which meets here next week.
This is one of the strongest churches in
the State, and the attendance this year
promises to be very large. The pro
gramme Is an especially good one.
WALL PAPER TRUST IS
FORCED TO DISSOLVE
St. Patrick's Alliance Picnic
St. 1'atnciv s .Mutual Alliance Associa
tion will give a private picnic at San Lo
ronzo Park Sunday. August 26. At a
meeting of the association held Mondar
night in Knights of Red Branch Hall the
following committee of arrangements was
appointed: Frank McCarrick, Thomas it.
Alford. J. H. McGinney. Martin Callaghan
and Th"mas Seary. The picnic is to be
given for members and their friends. Fare
fi-ir tl?o rnnnrt frin will he VI rents
Mrs. Albertlne Randall Whelan has a
charming little water color in one of the
galleries- this week. It is one of the deli
cate child fancies that have made her
r.ame so beloved of the little folk of St.
Nicholas. Two Fma'l cupi<!s=. warmly at
tired in their wings, nestle together upon
a bare b- ugh, with their tiny pink toes
r< -:.'::« comfortably upnn the srjow. Two
r.-bin redbreasts perched upon another
Lra::ch watch them in friendly fashion.
Chile still keeping half an eye upon a
tnrte-legged pot cosily steaming uver a
rire. stirred by a motherly old raobit. The
little sketch is full of the tender, fantastic
lin^glnatir.n of childhood ana amiably il
lustrative of the new movement of recog
2 <:: >:i of that iately discovered realm, ao
v orthlly pioneored by Walter Crane ami
Jvai<- «ireenaway.
There are some Interesting little flower
t-iuCies to be w-»-n in town this t»eek by
l.xl>< Alicia Cuer.ca. JntereFtSng rather for
\..-\r promise than attainment. The art
kt is quite young, but the work show?
crieinanty d<*?p!te its comparative crudi
ty. Her primr<>s=es are charming, but per
haps the entire lack of background in
tms example, as in the others. Is a mis
take.
EL Lanjrtry Partir.gton has just com
yieted a striking, portrait of \V. J.
v» cod. a three- quarter length, and rather
ever lifesize. The portrait will be placed
on exhibition shortly.
ilufif-nt Cadena^s > ha? a brilliant little
Eiotch of sand hills, brush and sky in
one of the galleries this week. The eky
i;» delightfully treated. It 1? spontaneous,
luminous and full of movement. The
•v. hole color scheme Is rarely harmonious
and happy.
F. lwy Fhows two water colors in one
< : the galleries that were better left un
fhown. They lack every essential cjuality
t;iat goes to make a picture. Th«-y arc
ialf* in valuf-, false In color, false In tone
i: t: <i of a treatment painfully suggestive
cf crudn tapestry.
, There is a good example of the •work of
\ : "ans Hansen. rhc president of the Royal
, sottish Watercolor Society, to be seen
::. ibvn. It i« of lar^ size fur the me
<Mum. th- sut'jwt apparently a Scotch
mocrlan<I. though it suggests equally
strongly a Dutch landscape but for the
c"ftant hill. It is broadly handled, rather
"black." thoneh ]>*rha{!s true In color, and
a rice composition.
There are thre*- r.f Wilfred Ball's water
colors also to be seen in the Fame gallery.
An old mill !s the central "figure" in two
< f the sketches, with a cleverly painted
Jow hlil. and fine skies with rolling clouds
T" f!l *he picmre. The third has a pecu
liarly composed Fky and a lake thct rath
er looks up If It would cut. if one im
prudently chanced to put a careless finger
at Us *»<lge. The color Is true and pleasant
in all vt these.
ART AND ARTISTS.
On Trial for Arson.
Joseph Fitzgerald was placed on trial
before Judge I^awlor yesterday on a
charge of arson. He is charged with hav
lrg fired a frame building at 236A O'Far
rell street. Eva Janssen, who occupied
the premises, positively identified the ac
cused as the person who went to the rear
of \h* house, where the fire broke out,
shortly before the flames were discovered.
Many photographs of the damaged build
ing were Introduced in evidence. The
trial goes on again to-day.
OAKLAND. July 17.-One of the pret
tiest weddings of the month was
that of Miss Eva M. Heimbold of
this city and Frank A. Jackson, as
sistant secretary of the San Francisco Y.
M. C. A. The ceremony took place In the
chapel of the First Presbyterian Church,
which had been elaborately decorated for
the occasion by Mus Nellie McGraw and
a score of Miss Heimbold's young frlen .is,
members of the King's Daughters, in
which organization the bride is very pop
ular. Before the main alcove of the
chapel a portiere of pink flowers hung
and from either side of the doorway a.
rope of pink geraniums was stretched to
the altar rail that had been erected before
the platform. Through the aisle thu3
formed the bridal party made its way to
the floral railing, where the bride and
rroom knelt upon a pillow of roaes. From
the arched gateway a graceful spray ot
pink flowers swayed and from It alternate
ropes of pink geraniums and pepper leave*
radiated to the sides of the room, forming
a canopy. Palm branches and ferns were
artistically placed about the room, con
verting the whole Into a falryHke scene.
The bride was charmintr in a gown of
white silk mulle over taffeta. The veii
was of tulle and the shower boquet was
of bovardea and white jasminoids. Tne
maid of honor. Miss Anna Heimbold. was
attired In white organdie over green siiic
and carried a shower boquet of maiden
hair fern and chiffon. The bridesmaids.
Misses Margaret and Henrietta Heim
bold. were in cream organdie over pink
and carried pink carnations. The be?t
man was Rev. George Roach of Carnas,
Wash., and the ushers were Charles A.
Glenn and Julius Heimbold. During tha
marriage service, -which was pronounced
by Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle, the bridal march
from "Lohenprln" was played by Misa
Marjorle Oaks. After the ceremony tha
newly married pair received the congratu
lations of their many friends in the pas
tor's study.
Mr. and Mrs. Jackson leave to-morrow
evening for Portland. Or., to remain a
couple of weeks and on their return will
reside In San Francisco. The bride was
the recipient of a great many rich and
handsome wedding gifts. Mrs. Jackson
is the second daughter of J. F. HeimboNi
of this city and Mr. Jackson has been
prominent in the T. M. C. A. both of Oak
land and San Francisco and recently if
turned from Manila, where he wa3 m
charge of Important work.
PKETY WEDDING
AT OAKLAND
Music — J. I*. Bowen. J. Cnnden, I,. Granweu.
J. S. Colby and R. Lookwood.
Decoratlons— H. Dawson, F. Ralph and I.
Schwartz.
Printing— B. F. Josselyn, P. I*. Bliss and J.
Ar«s.
Privileges— L. J. Fortro. C. Xeilsen. A. l.ip
lace. C. de Cle<*r and F. Ansen.
Souvenir programme— J. J. Kennedy, H.
Gliok. Miw McMahon. P. L. Hoft and E. Las
treto.
Badges— F. Brandt. F. L. Griffiths and H.
M. Blankenstein.
Lunchen (councils of the Degree of Pocahon
tas)—Mrs. A. M. Bliss (chairman). Mi3a Carrie
Johnson (secretary-treasurer).
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, July 17.
The development of the photographs
taken by Professor Charles Burckhatter
of the Chabot Observatory in Georgia
dining the solar eclipse on May 2S has
demonstrated beyond a doubt the success
of his new method of astronomical pho
tography. The negatives that were taken
have been developed Into the best pho
tojrraphs of the corona of the sun that
have ever liepn produced.
ilTetof<">re the Kr»-at difficulty has al
wavs been to regulate the exposure of the
film. Owirp to the difference of the in
tensity of t!'.<* rays eominp from different
part? ' "t the sun nearly all photographs
that have been taken in the pa?* have
fceen blurred. Protestor Burckhalter'fl fle J
rice controls the exposure to the different
rays, s.i that Tvh*»n the photograph i.= fin
ished it prt-scnt? an excellent view of the
corona. The exposure to the inner porti >n
cf the corona, which has given the b'. s=t
resiiitF. is -4-100 of a second. The oute r por
tion receives an exposure of eight see
or.rts. The device is so delicate that an
exposure of 2-1000 of a second may be
made. This Is s-om^thing that has hereto
fore been impossible. A photogranh taken
with such a short exposure is as poor as
one which has been overexposed.
Professor Hurckhalter first tried his in
vention during an eclipse in India. The
conditions, however, were not then just
rlcht. The latest experiments have thor
oughly demonst rated the practical success
<:i the device. The invention will be cf
great value to scientists in the astronom
ical world and will add considerably to the
reputation of the Chabot Observatory,
where Professor Burckhalter has pursued
his studios.
Professor Burckhalter is making lantern
slide?? from hi? negatives, and these will
be sent to astronomical stations through
out the world. Later on photographic re
productions will fee made.
Chabot Observatory Made Famous in
the Astronomical World by the
Success of the Recent
Expedition.
Professor Burckhalter's In
struments Produce the
Best of Results.
SON'S ECLIPSE
WAS SUPERBLY
PHOTOGRAPHED
GEORGETOWN. Ky., July 17.— The pro
ceedings in the Powers case were made
more Interesting to-day by the introduc
tion of several witnesses who gave testi
mony against the defendant. The mo3t
Interesting witness of the day from a
standpoint disconnected from either side
of the case was Miss Lucy Brock, the
sweetheart of the young defendant. it
Is probable that either Coulton, Noakes or
Golden will be put on the stand to-mor
row to further prove the alleged, con
spiracy.
Flnlay Anderson, who was testifying
when the court adjourned yesterday, re
sumed his testimony to-day. Witness said
that on January 24 Caleb Powers told him
that a crowd of mountaineers were goin,j
to Frankfort to intimidate the Legisla
ture and if necessary to kill enough U«m
ocrats to give the Republicans a majority.
The witness said:
"Powers told me Goebel would never
live to be Governor and said he (Powers)
would kill him if nobody else would."
The conversation took place on the day
preceding the day of the advent of the
12uo mountaineers into ir'rankfort. Wit
ness said he heard Powers and others
talking about Goebel wearing a coat of
mail, but some of them said that ha
could be killed anyway. Powers was m
conference with Secretary of rftate
Charles Kinley, Wharton Golden, Robert
N'oakes and others. Only once during this
testimony did the defendant's features
show signs of agitation.
"Witness Becomes Agritated.
Under cross-examination the witness
stated he had called .on Colonel T. C.
Campbell in Cincinnati, out became badly
confused and could not recall who ac
companied him to Colonel Campbell,
though he claimed several people were
with him at the time. He denied that
either Justus or Arthur Goebel assisted
him in getting employment in Cincinnati
and denied that his trip to Cincinnati wad
for the purpose of becoming a witness in
the Powers trial.
The witness denied that he had been
promised compensation for his evidence.
It developed that young Anderson had
made an artidavit In Cincinnati which is
in possession of Colonel Campbell, and the
delense asked that this be produced- in
court. The court ruled that it must be
produced.
On redirect examination witness said he
did not volunteer as a -witness, but re
ceived a letter while at Knoxville, Tenn..
asking him to go to Cincinnati, and telling
him that he was wanted as a witness.
Defendant's S-weetheart Testifies.
Miss Lucy Brock of London, Laurel
County, was the next witness. She knew
the defendant well and had corresponded
with him for over two years past. Caleb
Powers called on her in January. He told
witness he was getting up a crowd of luw
mountain men to go to Frankfort, "so
that In case the Democrats robbed them
of the State offices they could take care
of themselves." »
Witness said Powers had $1100 In bills.
He told her Governor Taylor furnished
the money, and It was to be used to bring
the men to Frankfort.
"Miss Brock said Powers told her the
plan to take the 1000 mountain men to
Frankfort was Governor Taylor's crea
tion. The defense did not cross-examine
Proceedings in the Goebel Murder
Case Very Much Enlivened by
the Presence of the Young
Woman.
States That Defendant Told
Her He Was Recruit
ing the Mountaineers.
SWEETHEART OF
POWERS GIVES
HER TESTIMONY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Ju!y 17.— Misplaced love of
a woman and the rascality of a man is
brought to light In a suit commenced In
The Superior Court here to-day by Ever
etta Moore to have her marriage with
Frank J. Moore annulled. It was a case
of love at first sight, followed by a quick
marriage and wedded bli?9 that lasted
about three days. Mocre Is charged with
having deceived the plaintiff, who waa
then Evtretta Johnson, by declaring hv»
was a single man, whereas he had a wi'o
living in Texas.
The couple met in San Francisco, then
Miss Johnson's home, and were married
on January 8 last. She was 15 and bi Sfc
Mrs. Moore avers that at the time of the
marriage sne was *-ntireiy ignorant of the
fact that the man was alreatiy married.
She learned this fact a few days' subse
quently whrn wife number one appeared
on the" scene and made threats of besjin
ning prosecution for bigamy. It was th?ri
that the husband of a week decamped
suddenly and he has not been seen since.
It Is believed that he la now somewhere
In Texas or Colorado.
Moore's first marriage was to Miss Mat
tie Tuttwiller. in Columbus. Tex., in IS9L
In 1$% they came to San Jose and lived
toeether here for a -while.
Mrs. Moore, -who now is residing in San
Jose, aska the court to declare her mar
riage null and void, as heinp illegal and
of no effect, and to allow her to resume
her maiden name.
Mrs. Everetta Moore Seeks to Hav«
Her Marriage Annulled, as Her
Husband Eas Another
Wife Living.
Bride of a Few Days Finds
She Has Been Basely
Deceived.
HONEYMOON
SPOILED BY HIS
FIRST WIFE
•'While :t !s true that the Native Sons
have ;?kcn charge of arranging for the
celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the
mission if California into th« L'nlon,"
j-...<J <;rar,il Marshal »_\»sullo yesterday.
-we want the pt-ople of the State to un-
C :;i.iru] and appreciate the fact that this
o be a celebration merely by the
-:.•¦¦ tors bat it is to be a celebration
The t-ntire population of the State. It
»s -o be the people's week. Th<? Native
kouti hav« tn>r«rly taken the, initiative so
i .;¦ trie movement for a titling observ
|-- ot *...«. anniversary should be started.
'i £:>_• Native Sons have extended Invita
. - urcadcast and hope that every onfe
vao c:.i: lead his or her aid toward man
)..£ tb« Celebration the t;ra:ule^l Uiai has
v : been ki.-iw:: will do
'xht; iioa.id of Tiade, the orchanilsts and
i. citizens of Visalia generally will hav«
'¦ tuarters bew In conjunction with the
I alive Son parton Ot thai section of the
i--.i.t will make u inaj;inricvnl Jis
1 •;> Dl it* products. Tn«* nea>iqu«irtt-rs
> ..t be at the c'arllornla Hotel, ana tiiou
i . •-^ ox pouncs of California iruii will
t i:.f:r:bU' d to risitors there.
•To bring ir.c National Uuard of «.'alifor
i.a tr^<ji,s here, turnish subsistence an-i
i ". urn mem w:il cost about I7»JU. The
< . .:.:::ni\t\.r <.:. < ;:i« t will l>e ask^d to con
: ¦ • ttse a.-^eriil-lin^ of the soldiers at
fco.n Francisco during tlie celebration as
• • ¦ QcampmeM a:.J to aliov payment of
t <• uxpens< w:ih money set apart for
vieorge A. N»-nh.nII. chairman of the
cuictnittee on finance, togt-t'ner with Con
i TK»n:uu Julius Kahn and Charles L.
1 :¦ ::. visited '.he lanks yesterday morn-
J: B -"»nd reported that they met with grat
i;.-ir£c soccers a? to contributions.
tU committee rr.-i last evening and
• -I that Lhe grar.d J.all .«ha!! wind
up The fcfiti\:ti*-i:. it will be eiven on
i f niefct of September U fa the Mechanics'
PaviUon, which will be beautifully deco
rated. Twelve thousand Jive hundred In*
wU! he f«iu nut and ten thousand
E ¦•«'nir jir'irranitnes will t^ issued. Each
parlor in this city will be asked to name
four members, two to serve on the re
ccptkn committee and two to serve on
t£< Boor cv-.minittee. Grand President
»«W will He iri-ited to lead the grand
march.
Arrangements That Have Been Made
for the Pall at Mechanics' Pa
vilion, Which Will Close
Jubilee.
Visalia Will Make a Display
of the Many Products of
Her Section.
CELEBRATI0N
TO BE A GRAND
STATE AFFAIR
GREAT COUNCIL OF RED MEN
AND DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WiSIXNKSDAr, .JULY 18. 1«JOO.
9
ON August " the council fire of the
(Jrejit Council of California, Im
proved Order of Red Men, and that
of the Great Council of the Degree
of Pocahontas will be kindled in the Post
strett wigwam. In view of the fact that
the two orders have each made -l larjje
Kain in membership during the year that
is closing there will be an increased repre
sentation in each gathering. Each will
rhow the lari?<>st number of representa
tives that the orders have ever known.
To entertain the representatives ar
rangements have already been made by
the appointment of working: committees,
and thus far the programme arranged
provides that on the evening of August 7
teams from Sotoyome Tribe Xo. 12. Modoc
Tribe Xo. 57. Piwr.ee Tribe Xo. 67. "White
Eagle Tribe No. 72, Bald Eagle Tribe No,
75. Montezuma Tribe No. 77 and Altahmos
Tribe Xo. S7 will compete before the Great
Council and members for a trophy of $100.
All the teams are drilling and working
very hard to win.
On the evening of August 8 the Great
Council will be tendered a grand reception
and ball in the Mechanics' Pavilion, at
which many, original ideas will be brought
forward, which will be of great Interest to
nil who are fortunate enough to secure in
vitations. The affair is strictly an Invita
tion one. and each member of the order
will be allowed to invite but a limited
number of frifnds.
The ladles of thf D^frree of Pocahontas
will serve a lunch in the banquet hall of
the Red Men's building during the ses
sions of the Great Council?.
Following: is the committee having the
reception in charge:
Chairman. Jarr^s Royes of Manzar.ita Tribe
No. 4: vice chairman. Mrs. S. Gutstartt of IV
cahontns Council No. 3: secretary. J. H. Hutaff
of Altahmos Tribe X". ><7; treasurer. Frederick
Brandt of Sotoyome Tribe No. 12. and ths fol
lowlng representatives from the tribes and
councils:
Manzar.ita Tribe Xo. 4 — James Boyes, S. Mili
sich and J. J. Kennedy.
Miar.tonnmah Tribe No. 9— O. Cutler, A. Jack
pon and S. Calne.
Pohor.achee Tribe No. 10— J. L. Bowen, O. P.
Lau«chi.r r.r.J S. M. Webb.
Pocahontas Tribe Xo. 11— Edward Conolley
T. W. Butcher and F". J. Fernhof.
Eotnyome Tril-e Xo. 12— U. F. Josselyn, Fred-
Click Hrandt and C. Fowler.
S»minnl° Tribe No. 54— J. Arees, J. Conder
and A. Lirilnce.
Modoc Tribe No. 57— P. L. Bliss. H. Gutytadt
and P. I-. Hf>!T.
Wlnnemucca Tribe No. 61— R. P. Gale, H. L.
Stacey and A. Dawson.
Osoeola Tribe Xo. 71— J. S. Colby, F. B. Swar
and I. Schwartz.
White Eatfe Tribe Xo. 2— C. Xeilsan. L. J.
Kortro and C. II. Abbott.
' Bald EasI*. Tribe No. TZ— C. W. Brown, H. C.
Wehr and K. Arisen.
"Arapahoe Tribe No. 76 — L. Whlteman. J.
Kelly and I* Oranwell
Montezuma Tribe No. 77— G. S. Graham, T.
P. Bmler and C. II. Hodle.
Oshonee Tribe Xo. 78— S. Berel. H. Gllck and
T. G. Keller.
Altahmos Tribe No. S7— A. L. Adams, H. M.
Blankensteln and J. H. HutafT.
Awashte Trlb<« Xo. S3— William Reed. F.
Ualph and B. F. Dullea.
Monadnrx-k Tribe No. inn— F. L«. Griffiths, J.
Robinson and W. C. Rowley.
Yo?emlttr Tribe No. 105-E. I^astreto, G. H.
Stein and William Goldman.
Seneca Tribe No. 104— J. A. Devoto. C. de
Cieer and C. G«»er.
Blazlnsr Arrow Tribe Xo. 107-J. W. Kelly,
W. E. Abadie and R. Lockwood.
Pocahontas Council Xo. 3— Mrs. S. Giustadt.
Mrs. A. SI. Bliss and Miss A. McMahnn.
Alfaretta Council Xo. 10— Mis? M. McDonald,
Mrs. H. L>iercks and Mrs. II. Janes.
Matoaka Council No. IS— Miss S. Glllogley.
Miss K. Cunningham and Mrs. C. Kemper.
Kaweah Council No. 24— Mrs. It. E. Wal
worth, Mrs. E. Anselm and Mrs. Grace Tread
well.
Potomac Council No. 26— Ming Mollle Calla
han. Mi.«a M. Krohn and Miss Maggie Calla
han.
Oneida Council No. 27— Miss L. Cullen. Miss
C. Johnson and Mrs. K. Adams.
The following sub-committees have been ap
potntPd by the chairman:
Finance — A. Jackson, G. S. Graham and K.
Conolley.
Hall— H. Gutstadt, C. W\ Prown and C. Fow
ler.
SOME OFFICERS OF THE
COMMITTEE OF ARRAXGE-
J1EXTS.
Morocco Is famous for its - fine mules.
The best come from Fez. and are worth
?200 each.
ADVEBTISESTENTS.
CREDIT TO EVERYBODY.
A CENTLE HINT
TO
Furniture and Carpet Buyers:
• INSPECT OUR PRICES,
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN ISO MIL53.
DR PIERCES ]
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.UVER. LUNGS:
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1XVIGORA-
*tor anil Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the. Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells en Us own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Acents,
323 Market st.. 8. P.— (Send for Circular.)
Qj^JSZr injection. |
|A PERMANENT CURE I
1 i of the mort obstinate cases of Gonorr&ce* ?
2 "» n d Gleet, enarsmeed in from 3 to 8 5
I : days; ne other treatment required. 5
• , So!d by all drugijists. 5THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
10
/ DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 8C9Mar-
k*et «t, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
lice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
Pit. GEORGE tV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from TS per set; extracting. SOc: pas given.
PLATES from $5; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth it.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns. 13; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET- of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
EDUCATIOXAIi.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market Bt.: life
scholarship, $50: Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and even-Ing;
Just added new business practice offlces and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year _ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the comlr.g school: thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for uraduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1SCI.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deasy, court reporter, C12 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING — Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S Bt:SINE?S COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 18G3; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st
DRESS-XAl-J-ItS A.VU SEAMST_tBS_*_JI
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1O1D Market St.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st; dresses
made, to up; dresses made over; perfect fit
MME. ItEMBERT. 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EMTPLOYMKVT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
. tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06lfc Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 4I1H O'Farell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOY.ME.NTl WANTED — FEMALE.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 41S Powell; tel. Main
£,322—2 German cooks, Swedish second girl,
American young girl, good seamstress, care
of children or chamberwork and sewing; best
references.
COMPETENT chambermaid and waitress de-
sires place in institution or boarding-house.
MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Powell; tel. Main 5332.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires sit-
uation; best of references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. '
A NEAT German girl wishes a situation to
assist In light housework; wages, $15 to $18.
Address 10V4 Perine St., off Stelner, between
California and Sacramento.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a situa-
tion as housekeeper in small family. Ad-
dress 912 Howard St.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework. Apply at 2SC1U Mission st.
A YOUNG lady wants a position as chamber-
maid. Apply 205 Third st.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day; $1 10 day. lol9V6 Market opp. Van Ness.
WOMAN wants position as cook on ranch or
dairy- * 6 7 Minna st.
SMALL girl wishes to take care of child or as-
sist in light housework. 3240 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; wages $20. Apply 333 Broadway.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation for
housework. Call 1336H Natoma St., near
Fifteenth and Howard.
GENERAL housework; Catholic family, pre-
ferred. 1407 Scott ,st. *
1 A LADY wishes a few hours' work during the
day. Apply 3SS Eureka st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation In light house-
work. Call 1306 Powell st.
SEWING In families by the day by flrst-class
dressmaker. Address 1511 Clay st.
WINCHESTER Hcuse. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 fiO nl^ht; $1 50 to $1!
week: convenient and respectable; free Bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
_!____________»_____________________
EJIPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
POSITION In wholesale grocery or drygoods;
competent middle-aged man; Al references:
reasonable wages; after acquaintance with
Inside trade desires the road part or all tho
time. Address box 3509, Call ofiice.
SITUATION wanted by young man as gard-
ener, hostler or to do general work around
place: first-class reference. Address HENRY
WILSON, 323 Montgomery St.
SITUATION wanted to care for horses and
garden; good driver; can milk; handy with
tools; good references. Address A. B., box
3512. Call.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city cr
country- Address box 3600. Call office.
AN active, elderly man, flrst-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card writing and generally handy,
wishes a permanent position In some larga
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices In that or any other capacity can be
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOP-
KIKS. box 27S6. Call offlce, Oakland, Cal.
ENGINEER, who can do all erecting and re-
pairing, wants steady position: any style of
engine; good knowledge of electricity; steady
habits; good references; go anywhere. Box
3C03. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a good all-round diore-
man on a ranch; take care of barn and
horses; wages no less than $25 a month. Ad-
dress F. II., 631 Sacramento st, r. 134, city.
A TEMPERATE man; handy with tools; will
repair or renovate: also tend to garden or
horse. Box 1801. Call.
MAN who understands baking, cooking and
candy-making wants a position. Box 8213,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
tler or to do general work around place; city
or country; reference. Box 4400. Call office,
DEAR SIR:
Do you want Just as good a shoe for $3 50
as most Etores sell for $57 Do you want all
the wear and comfort it's possible to put In
a slioe? WALKOVER SHOE STORE,
F. F. WRIGHT, Prop.
Baldwin Annex. 924 Market St.
Los Angeles Store, 111 South Spring St
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
] 071'4 Market (rear Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall, 60c; seo City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
. _.__. _______________
GROVE. 81S— Flat of 7 sunny r % om3 and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of C rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; st_t>le If desired of 4 Ftalls: carrlnge
.floor, coachman's room, etc.; eultable lor
physician; rent -$.30 and $35. .Apply on prem-
ises or MADISON & BURKE.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $2S. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave. .
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay-windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417% Third.
FIFTEENTH, 1S76, near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window flat of 7 rooms, bath; house, 5 rooms,
stable. ' -
GEARY, 813*4— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35; water free. Apply LANDRY C
BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
3XO7f_rV TO LOA5.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. C03, Examiner buildlnr- '
II. MURPHY. 6C0 Market St.. solve* nil kinds ot
financial problem*; 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
miSHlon; private. LICK, llfl McAllister st.
TO salaried men without coll.iterat or Indcrser.
S. F. Discount Aprer.ry. 143 Phelan h-iiMmg.
3IU.\_Y WANTED.
WAWTrTTr^tMO for 30 days; will ray $•"• per day
Interest: best security. Pox IQ.'t. Call offlce.
MISICAL WSTnUJUSaTS.
1 GOOD upright: good for beginner: $KJ.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood .-.-.-. 5133.
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; $1S.
1 Sterling upright: walnut oa.«e; $2J5.
1 Vose upright; coo<1 as new; $^77..
1 Poaae upright: useil fi months: $243.
1 Weber; walnut case: a great harjraln.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Ka.«y payments; gllt-»l<e irtmrant*?.
I!ENJ. CntTAZ Jfe SON. l'M.3-20 O'FarTfll *t.
THIS week you can get a nne solid leather
music roll in biack cr tan for 7.">c: regular
price. |i a Send your order to MAUVAIS'
Music Hou?e. 7'J3 Market sP
BARGAINS at $C0, $73. $1)0. SOft good planoa:
will exchange later for better on-s and allow
what Is paid. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianoa are what
you should buy: they are best in so many
ways. MAUVAIS Music Co.. 783 Market at-
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every gra.1» from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than tho?e of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should!
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash, $6 per
month; other pianos. $3. $4 and $"> per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealera.
corner Kearny and Putter 3ts., San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larg»st hcusa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
2C, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done tu please and satisfy tha
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'3 piano store to 9S3
Market ?t., between Fifth ami Sixth, nest to
Iiale Bros.; reduction ?a!e will continue 'or
two weeks to make rcom for new stock; open
evenings: agency for the celebrated Shonlnger
& Behnlng piar.os. New York.
CLOSING out; fifteen pianos anr? organs <\t
your own pncea this w?e!t only. SPENCER'S.
ISIS Market »t.. atxjve Van Ness ave.
THE WILEY n. ALLEN CO.. 214 Post «t. :
Hardman, Conover anrt other pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. liyron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
tor. piano?. 30* Post St.. opp. Union squ.-ire.
BA KG A IN— Cood piano cheap; installment S3
per month. BCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week fnr
storage. WILPOX'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Facrarr.ento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and H.iltot & Davis piano*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Sflnway. 1 Chlckering. $130: Installment a
t~> to $l'i; rent 12 up. HKINE'?. 13? Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pi.-inos. $" payments:
f-if r»nt. tl -ip. r.Rl'FNN". V-9 P"»t *t.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergard. Pre3. St. -Germain College of
Palmistry: rends 1 tn 9. 616 Geary, r.r. J-.Rea.
PERSONALS.
"W. A. M. — Let us know where yo_ are. All
settled. CHAP.
GENTLEMAN of 4f> <ie«ires to correspond witta
young lady or widow. Address box 103, Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BKO3.
M9ttre??es and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ereJ and n»novat?ii: honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone DJ09; factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh St.;
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 1C3 Sutter
at, San Francisco^
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 7M> ruomn;
23c to $1 CO per nl?ht; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦ — ~~ — •
LKDKRER. the hairdresser, has but cne price,
plain, neat, fancy, etaborate or any kind of
hairdrppsing only 2Zc. 123 Stockton ?t.
SUITS to order en Installments: $13 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LKMOP. 1117 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA, wonderfully gifted healer, 34
Kearny st. room 11. cures nervousness, in-
Bomnla. blindness. Dright'3 disease, rupture.
AHLBORN Hcuse. 319 to 3SI Grant a»e. — Lead-
Ing German- American hotel of San Francisco;
fl per dav and up; finest meala In city, 25c.
LADIES' and sr-ms" cast-off cl-thlnsr bought b
sold. Sllverman. 3S4 Folscm. tel. Folsom 1131.
LIQUOR habit— A simple home cure. Address
box 5:2. Ban Jose. Cal.; confidential.
LEDERER" S Qulntonlca hair tonic keeps your
hair beautiful and glossy: 3-'c bot. Try It.
WANTED— Name and address of party suffer-
ing with asthma. J. A., box 1511. CaM.
MISS SHELDON, chtropottist and card reader.
SCO Market St., second floor, room JT.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: curios, all descriptions. IZo Dupont st.
LKDEP.ER'5 Foamo Shampoo cleanses the
scalp and keeps It clean ;Cc pkg: better buy It.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailcr-
lnK Co., Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Epryptian- Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; a: all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing.old pcld and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. SC6 Kearny st.
G D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce ar.d Scott; phone Steiner 333L
WALKOVER SHOES, $3 50.
The most style, the most wear, the most fit
ever given In any shoe for $3 50; up-to-date
lasts for men.
Our "H'.gh Ufe" $3 shoe for men Is tha
swe'.lest shoe ever sold in San Francisco for
the price.
"WALKOVER SHOE STORE.
F. F. WRIGHT. Prop.
Baldwin Annex. S24 Market St.
Los Angeles Store. Ill South Spring St.
PUOTOGRAPniC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary St.. irround and top floors.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD Sl'nCEO.XS.
DR. CRANSTON, the grfat specialist, hns r«-
sumed practice at 12C«?Market, cor. Taylor:
offlces 25 and 26; take elevator.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— -Offlce and residence.
ln'nH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
llEAL ESTATE— rCITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
13 MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
Near City Hall; 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tUnlty: ° nly |l 4^ FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and oa easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office. v
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27.C00— Pacific ave. residence; elegant modern
residence, 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:8.
$5000— Green st.. near Gough; good residence.
9 rooms and bath an.i laundry: lot 1:5:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$:0.C0O— Geary st., near Van Ness ave.: 4 resi-
dences: rents $1SO: lot 97:6x120 to rear street. \
$37.i00T-Folsoin st. corner: manufacturing dls- 1
trtct; 3 frontages; rents $170; lot I0OxS7:«. ¦>
ill. 000— Rents $113; Castro st. corner; stores
and flats; lot SOxSO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$5250— Rltch st.; 5 Cats; rents $42 SO: lot 22xS0.
$CC0O— Rents $63; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$;6,0CO— Price reduced; Washington st- resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden;
sun all day; 'ot 137:4x137:6; don't fall to sea
this property.
iZTJi— Richmond district; entirely netr -. 2 cot-
tages: modem in every respect: easy terms*
$33j«— Sunset district; I handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed; « rooms and
beth and basement; lot 2Cxl2O; easy terms.
$4Cfl0 — Steiner St., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms-
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$5CC0— Van Ness ave.; corner; 32x109.
$15,C0O— Presidio Heights: corner: 137:Sxl27-g»i-
fine marine view; choice residence lot
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY
$32G0— Mill Valley cottage, h rooms and bath-
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$7:0— MUST be sold at once; owner goine to
Nome; 23:6x114; 22d st. near Dolores; street
sewered and grad-d an<1 ready for building:
gooA location for flats and near car line an.l
in line of good Improvements: part cash 1*
necessary. Apply owner, S. II. SMITH 2u7
Montgomery st.
$5300— MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce. 1 bloc* from
Halsht-st. cars; finished with marb'.e steos.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard.rfr.-
Ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourta Cl jn.
balance $^0 | monthly. F. NELSON. bull_*r.
FOR sale— Cheap; 60-foot lot, 4 Uvlr* roo«r.s
and grocery store. Apply »io San Bruao roaJ-
HELP WANTED MALE.
WA7?TE_wCo_rmlners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company ._ at
32S Montgomery st, San Francisco, bun
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and .f^reen hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third I st. near Mar-
ket:' 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room, free
¦bin and baggage to and from the rerry.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 P*r week.
cl_A7sn^ijGD^dvertlsementsi and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. »2'X> FMmo— .-t.
houses, livi: .vr»_K. k«c — *'<>' Sttl »
A CARLOAD or well-broke draft and driving
horses, just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
11M nounds- the horses can be seen now at
th! f Stamford t Stable3j0j : _l_Golden Gate ave.
<O c_r?s RS h_?ne 8 ° 9 r S5___ S&
STaixth A" iuctlon sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE family carriage horse. ver >' JL ty l ls ?'
cheap. Call at 1067 Mission St.. from 9 to
12 a. m.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market st; Castro
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale-2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL-
ZIEL.7 Vet. Dentist. 60-5 Golden Gate ave.
HORDES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap? bestln city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
WALKOVER TO TIIE
BALDWIN ANNEX
and see the Walkover Shoe at $3 30. It's as
good as the average $5 shoe. L«ts of style,
plenty of comfort and all the good, hard wear
you'll ever get out of any shoe.
Our "High Life" men's ehoe is the only
$5 shoe made that is really worth $1 50 more
than our Shoe |^ F^ TQRE
F. F. WRIGHT. Prpp.
Baldwin Annex. 524 Market St.
Los Angeles Store. Ill South Spring St
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list: houses to let: *en<l for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
i LOST A.\J> KOL.M).
LOST— B°tween Montgomery and Beale sts..
one roll of tracings. Return to California
Blue Print Co.. 327 Market st.
P\°RBOOK Illbernla Savings and Loan Sr>-
cleiy? CATIIERINK MORAN: book No. 20S0T7.
Finder pleare return to bank.
LOST- From 13C3 Webster st. black ar.d whit-
bitch "Los Angeles." Finder return to E.
Baumelster at above address, receive reward.
LOST-Sunday, July 15. at ball grouni of
Golden Gate Park, an amethyst ring. Plea.-e
return to.12 Willow ave.. and receive reward.
LOST— A Masonic geld pin. with small dia-
mond at top; liberal reward. 230 Stockton rt.
IF the ladv that took the two rings from rr.y
re5=i<fence* at 727 Washington st, Sunday
I morning about 10 o'clock, will return the t-
• carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questionsj_mjbe_asked._PR. TONG PC) CHI.
LOST— Near High and East Fourteenth sts..
black dog: answers to "Nig." Reward of re-
turned to Immoos Saloon, Frultvale station.
Cal.
LOST— Saturday, In Columbia Theater, ladles'
gRuze fan. Leave at Dugan drugstore, corner
Taylor and Bush Bts.. and receive reward.
SATURDAY. Orpheum. gold Forester P. C. C.
badge. Return r. 2. 8th flr. MUle bid.; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 446 Eddy st, the
well-known and reliable ladles* physician:
guaranteed treatment at office, $5: home for
patients before and during confinement: con-
sultation free ar.d confidential; hours. 9 to 5
and 7 to S; Sundays, 10 to 2. 446 Eddy st. be-
tween Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL.. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call en him. lft_J'-4 Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1225 Market St.: re-
llable ladles' fpeciallsts; 30 years' practice;
patients' private home; positive cure at of-
nce; celebrated II IX DO HERB home treat-
ment; send 5 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $C: have treated thousands of cases with
success; la veara' practice in S. F. ; maternlty
home; low lees. 1SO7H Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WVETH, reliable specialist; !5 yrs'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office $5; any aliment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladies' special-
ist; home In confinement; sa_e. and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late ot Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 740 Sacramento.oor. Kearny :a_ vice free.
DR. WISE (YS) — The only genuine ladles' spe-
cialist. Offlce, 1113 Market St.; treatment. $5.
NICE reliable home for contlnement; reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFEIFFKR.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
.MISCELLANEOUS FOlt SALIC
BOJLlJRsT"engln»s, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLBMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship- everything in 24 hours. J. NOO- ;
NAN, 1017, 1013, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth ; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR SALE— Little Star hand ironer, gas and
gasoline burner, $40; also Tyler machine, $U
Box 101. Call office.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 3M Kearny st, near Pine.
ALL sizes engines and boilers bought and sold.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. >IISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. N#. 2 Smith Premier; late
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Recced price.
$75; concert records. $150. Bacigalupl. 333 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-har.d. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Post St.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFU CO., 417-423 " Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
-'WALTZ SAFK. 1»3-111 Market St.. San Fran.
All_Cl-LL.A.>J-O-_ WA.NTS.
A— 100 EC P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
SEALSKINS are what we Day big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN pFFICE. 25 Stockton st
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
' MOISEY TO LOA.*..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2_ and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wnere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.,
(¦pond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest'
W estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room IS, first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSE.V.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Hahlwln Jewelry Store. 845 Market
tt. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Thjrd st.
ON furniture and planoswlthout removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
6S and 63, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or planes; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth: \
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12S Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to Borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 221 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. ( Eddy st.
i MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 41. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Cailf.
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 •.lontgcimery.
IVY AVE... 60, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
MISSION. 1515. nr. 11th— 2 flats, G sunny rooms;
bath, laundry; rent $18 up.
$10— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st, off Market, near Valencia.
$&— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. E10
Castro st. -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing 'to immedl-
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50, with N. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FlinSITURE WANTED.
13000 worth of furniture, carpete. etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market; tel, Folsom llOu.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furalture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpetp. 757 Mission: tpl. Red 33->3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTrThaNSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waltreses, Capitola, $20. free fare both ways;
2 waitresses. Pacific Grove. $20, fare paid;
waitress Santa Cruz, $20. fare paid; 2 wait-
resses. Lake Tahoe, $20, free fare both ways,
see party here; chambermaid to wait. Lake
Tahoe free fare both ways. $20; chambermaid
to wait, springs, $20; woman cook. Lake Ta-
hoe. $40. free fare both ways; 7 waitresses,
commercial hotels, $20 and $23. all fare paid;
2 chambermaids, $17 CO; 3 fancy lroners, $35.
FAMILY PEPAHTMENT
Housekeeper, Marlposa, $15 and fare; house-
Elrl. Grass Valley, $25 and fare, good home;
ranch cook. Sulsun, $25 and fare; 2 cooks to
Bo together, $25 each; cook and second girl3.
private family, country. $35; young nurseglrl
to take care of little boy 4 years old. and
25 housegirls, city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEX & CO.. 104 Geary jet.
3 WAITRESSES, Santa Te system; $20; .free
transportation. C. R. HANSEN & CO..' 101
Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, private family, short dis-
tance, $35, eee lady here this forenoon; cook,
no wash, across the bay. $30; German second
girl, city, $25;- second girl, short distance, ?25;
second girl, across the bay, $23; 2 waitresses,
springs. $25; 10 waitresses, city and country.
120; 3 nursejrlrls, city and country, $20; scul-
lion, for institution. $20; cleaning woman. In- i
Btitution, $30; laundress, for country hotel,
$30; large number of girls for general house-
work for city, country towns and on farms,
$25; cook and second girl, same house, coun-
try. $25. Apply tto J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter.
A—COOK and second girl, same house, Sausa-
llto, $25 and $20; 4 German cooks, city, $35 and
$30; 2 German cooks, $25 each: cook. Fruit-
vale, $30; pastry cook, hotel, city, $35; house-
work. Santa Rosa. $25; Sau-salito, $25; Ala-
meda, $25; Mill Valley, $25, and several other
towns; 20 houseglrls, city, $15 to $25; 10 cham-
bermaids and waitresses, city and country,
$20 and $25; second girl for Alameda, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
work; highest wages paid; apply Immediate-
ly. U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
ave., bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
¦WANTED — Experienced canners; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply immediately. The
U. 8. Fruit Packing Co., Harrison st., off
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Refined lady with cood form will-
Ing to Invest $100 In «rst-class business; meet
best people and brings large returns. Box
104. Call gfflce.
LADY solicitors wanted for country' and city
In good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO.. room 40. Columbian building.
GIRL to do cooking and as»ist housework;
references; wages $25. 2307 Broadway, near
Flllmcre.
WANTED— Reliable girl for housework and
cooking; small family adults; references. Call
between 9 a. m. and 12 m., 1726 Turk st.
100 SEWERS to take work home; on ladles"
underwear. 723 Market St.. room 35.
GIRL for housework: good plain cook. 1157
Valencia st., bet. 22d and 23d.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework. £44 Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland.
LADY of good Judgment and ability wanted at
once to fill responsible position. Box 3511, Call, j
WANTED — Young girl; plain cooking In flat.
426 Scott st.
WANTED— 3 good coat finishers. 2319 Green-
wich. Steady work.
WANTED — Good coat maker; steady work.
2S19 Greenwich.
WANTED— A chambermaid at the Golden West
Hotel. 6S-76 Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework, good cook, S20.
2217 Octnvla st.. cor. Jackson.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
838 O'Farrell et.
WANTED — A girl to assist In light housework.
Bleep home. 216 Hyde st.
GIRLS wanted, bookblndery. BUSWELL CO..
536 Clay st.
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults and 1
child In family; wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and housework.
617 Stelner st., near Hayes.
GIRL to do cooking and assist at housework.
Apply SIS Hayes st.
GIRL for housework; plain washing. 1920 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Girl for upstairs work. 1230 El-
lis st. jjj
WANTED — Girl to Iron and tend office; wages
J4 per week. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WAITRESS wanted at 34S& Third Bt.
EXPERIENCED button-hale hands on coats.
Apply at 27 Geary St.; second floor.
$5 TO $7— Young girl kind to children. 21G Hlck-
ory ave.
GIRLS wnnted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS &CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
CITY experienced workers and salesladies for
trimmed and untrimmed millinery for\ com-
ing season. Apply Manager Millinery De-
partment, Emporium.
WANTED — Olrl for general # housework; 3 in
family. Apply before 10 a. m., 1242 Linden
ave., Oakland.'
GIRL wanted to take care .of 2 children and do
light housework. 2G30 Howard Bt. »
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
ehlrts; steady employment to good hands. £35
Valencia st.
HIGHEST wages and steady employment to
women and girls at Code-Portwood Canning
Co., Tenth and Bryant.
WANTED — Lndy office assistant; experienced
In figures; give references and wages expect-
ed. Box 1925. Call office.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1S24, Call office.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; need not
cook. Call lVil Eddy st.
FIRST-GLASS button-hole maker wanted;
wages no object. 609 Kearny St., room 2.
GIRL for general housework, cooking and plain
washing. Apply 1303 Oetavla st.
GERMAN girl wanted for housework and plain
cooking. 7C6A Harrison St.
GIRL to assist In general housework; wages
$10 to $12. 1627 Leavenworth st.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitor; half or wholo
day; good salary. Address box 1902, Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking. 1802 Mason st.
WOMAN wanted to do washing and ironing by
the day. 003V6 Broderlck «t.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. 461 Jes-
sie st. . '
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady; wages $6; 9
hours" work. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth st.
GIRL wanted to help In dining room. Apply
1727 Market St.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has : been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. ' ' , ¦ ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE. 1
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary Bt
1C0 men for new R. R. work, free fare.....
200 teamsters, Nevada ..$2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co's own work... ..$2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 a day
200 tenmsters, Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry.. — $2 a day
I 1C0 laborers ' for different divisions
Ship Daily....... Of flee Fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 1M Geary st.
PARTNER with $100 cash ; Christmas novelty
patent. Fortune In 'three months. Inventor,
Box 3510. Call.
WANTED— Good barber Wednesday after-
noons, Saturdays and Sundays at 304 Folsom.
HELP' WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S.
..Leadintr Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. _I. TO-DAY
T WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts ot California, Utah,
Washington. Arizona, Oregon. Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and offlce fee only Jl
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev.. Dtst.
Los Angeles Dist.. Truckee Dist.
Santa Barbara Dist Shasta Dist.
Salt Lake City Dist Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Diet
Dunsmulr Dist Bakcrsfleld Dist.
Soda Springs Dist Madera Dist.
San Luis Dist Surf Dist.
SPECIAL TO SHASTA CO. DIST
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
And other places. We ship FRE_:....FRE_;
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, splkers. section hands, tunnel
men, steel gangs, etc., wages *3. *2 50. $2 25,
J2, $190 day and ...FREE SHIPMENT
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
it costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; COME
SEE FREE FREE
¦ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-35 CARPENTERS to build a large flume;
26 laborers to handle hammer, etc.. $30 to $40
and found; 153 miners, gold, sliver and other
mines j:«0, $75 and $60 and found; 15 muck-
ers $60
Fireman, gold mine. $60; crowd going to
mines; 5 men to work in warehouse, JW foun_;
264 laborers to work at different mines. $50.
*4S. $40 and found, no experience required
YOU'LL SUIT, —
6 machine miners/gold mine ;"".!£¦
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35. $30
$25 and found; 32 choremen and boys; 63
harvest hands $2 SO, $2 day and found
47 milkers and butter makers, $35, $40, $30
and found; 63 men or boys to pick fruit
$30, $26 and found
197 men to work In sawmills, woods, etc.
we pay your fares, $95. $90, $«0. $75. $60. $5o,
$50. $45, ?40, $35, $30, $26 and found; 136 tte-
makers and woodchoppers, tools and food
found $2 50 to $1 cord. 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boss here; cane
edgerman, screw turner, boss here: sheep
herders; men for hay presses; 37 stablemen,
hostlers, buggy washers, harness cleaners,
etc., $45. $10 $55. $30 and found: 3S6 laborers
and teamsters for all parts of California. $2 50.
$2 25, $2 $175 day: many for city positions
and board home. MURRAY & READY, 634-
626 Clay st. .
MECHANICAL HELP J
Plumber and ripe fitter '. S3 day
25 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
helpers, etc.. $2, $2 50 day to $6') and found;
• coremaker and other mechanics. MURRAY
& READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
25 cooks, city and country places, $30, $35.
$W to $60 and found; first and second hand
bakers and helpers. $C0. $40. $35 and $30 anil
found; Sausage makers, shop and slaughter
house butchers, etc.. $60, $40 and $30 and
found; laundry help and others. MURRAY &
READY. 634-036 Clay
A— IT Is very interesting to watch MURRAY &
¦ READY handle with ease the great labor
question.. WORK. -WORK ..WORK.. Come
down get out list containing 748:) positions
and see for yourself. MURRAY & READY.
4 BRICKLAYERS. So day: 2 bricklayers' help-
ers, $3 day; 2 blacksmiths for country shop.
*3 and J3 50 day. Bee employers in city; wagon
bKacksmlth. ?3 day; tank cooper, $2 50 to *3
day; carpenter for country, $2 50 day; 2 chore-
men. $20 and $25; drivers for coal carts, $2
day; teamsters for city and country. $1 day
and board; machinist for country, ?3 day;
driver for milk wagon; 2 farmers and wives.
$40; woodsmen of all kinds". $30 to $50; 155
laborers for mills and woods, railroads and j
other company work. $30 and $1 50 day and i
found and $2 day; miners, muckers, carmen
and many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
618 Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook. $40. and dishwasher. $20. same
house; boarding-house cooks, $40 and $45;
restaurant cooks, $8 and $14 week; night cook,
$10 week; German barkeper. $30, country
hotel; hotel waiters for city and country.
S30 and S3T.. and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT Agency, S2S Sacramento st.
WANTED—
Blacksmith and helper, same ranch
$40 and $30
2 machine miners $3 a day
& hand miners $2 50 a day
Ranch blacksmith $33
Blacksmith helper for mine $2 a day
4 laborers around mine $2 a day
lft woodchoppers for mine $1 CO a cord
Coofc country hotel, $15: choreman country,
$25; men to build flume, $40 and board; 2 host-
lers, stock farm, $20: saloon lunch cook. $20;
10 farmers. $26 and $30; baker country ehop.
$50 to $60 and found
W; P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A MAN to buy out a seltzer route: good-pay-
ing business. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country hotel, $30; bellboy, city. $13;
errand boy, $3 a week. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
A-HOTEL cook, Mexico. $100 per month, fare
paid one way, see proprietor here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 gutter st.
BARBERS' ProjrresBive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
A PARTNER wanted as cashier In business;
opposite principal public buildings; will clear
over $50 a month and board to each; money
used In business: no experience required.
LUNDIN & CO.. S73 Market St., room 12.
WANTED-25 harness makers. L. D. STONE
& CO.. 417-419 Market St., San Francisco;
catalogue of harness or saddles sent on ap-
plication.
WANTED— A reliable German, bet. 23 and. £0
years of a_e. for a coal yard: must be ac-
quainted with city and understand care of
horses. Apply 458 Sixth Bt.
WANTED— Man to work around the house and
understand to drive horse; is short distance in
country! $10 to $15 per month. Northeast cor.
Market an<l Mason streets, basement.
GOOD porter for barber shop. 11 Sixth st.
SOLICITOR for printing offlce. 420 Montgom-
ery St., room 33.
PLUMBERS' helpers wanted at building on
Gfary st., near Jones.
TAILORS wanted on custom ccats. 40 Ellis
ft. R 54.
LUNCH waiter at 60S Fourth st., cor. Town-
send st.
WAITER wanted at 204 Sixth street.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor;
experience not needed. 1215 Market st.
BEDMAKER wanted at 909 Kearny st.
WANTED— A steady waiter at 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— Active young bartender. Box 35C1,
. Call office.
BARBER wanted. 32\' 3 Turk st.
WANTED— Amateur musicians for cavalry
band. N. G. C. Armory, 1327 Market st.
GOOD dishwasher. Oakland Coffee and Lunch
House, 5 East st.
BEDMAKER. 727 Mission St., Model Lodging
House .
WANTED— First-class dishwasher; call early.
California Restaurant. 1C5 California Market..
GOOD barber wanted. 222 Gough st. *
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith. Inquire at
Golden West Hotel offlce at 10 a, m.
PAINTERS' complete outfit for sale at sacri-
fice. 31S Fulton St.. basement. -_
WANTED— 3 coat finlshers'and 2 pants finish-
ers; good wages. 2819 Green wich st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For fuither in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
tlce, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., 630 K
St., Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J st.. Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— -
Laboring men, $1 85 to $2 43 per day.
Skilled men, $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS,
- Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
WANTED— A good molder on Jobbing work:
union man; married preferred: to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tle. Wash.
WANTED— 8 or 10 good men to dig sewers on
Silver and TWrty-elghth sts.. bet. Telegraph
and New Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Flrst-class chief cook for restau-
rant:, day work; also clerk for coffee house:
night work; references. Box 19C3, Call offlce.
1 WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
. rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
TWO first-class outside salesmen to sell auto-
graphic registers; salary. Call between 9 and
12 a. m.. PERN AU. BROS.. 543 Clay St.
¦ MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
. wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
', WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 627 14th st.. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
A YOUNG barber wanted with good experl-
ence. 504 Montgomery ave. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. E62 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTE_H-A man to help In kitchen- Jeffer-
son Hotel. Harbor View.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
—years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
_T"STNT"SS OFFICE of The San Frmnelseo
Ca!I. comer of Market and Third streets, open
crtil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
or— w-r Cay; open until 9:10 p. m.
rr<O Kayos Wr-ot: open until 9:30 p. n_
CZ9 McAllister Ptreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
fl5 Larkln rtreet: cpen until S:30 p. n_
EMI Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
£261 ilisEion street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
ICO Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. n_
ICJ6 Valencia rtreet: cpen until » P- ~-
Northwest corrser Twenty-second and Ken-
taekT streets; open until ? p. ~!i__________.
5JEETIKG XOTI f*^\
_K1t-NT~XIOniAII Lodge No. 44. F\ — nd M
A. M. -Meeting THIS (WBDNESPAY)^
EV_2C_£O at 7:30 o'clock. Third Ce- JLM.
FT**;" TIIEO. FROLICH. Pec. /V>
CROCKETT I-Kice No. 13«. —.and A. m
il _gecond deirree THIS aVED.NEB- J\^
DAT) EVENING. July IS. at '^J^
o'clock. By order of the V. . M. / ~r
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELF1OR Ixxige No. 166. F\ and A. f*
M.-Called meeting THIS AYEDNFS- ,jf%^
LAY) EVENING. July IS. at "-SO XJ\
o'clock. First degree. By order W . M. ' " r
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
K. R. B. V~LL meet at their * /
hall. U» Mission ft. THIS X ._
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, _,~^*_r?
July IS. at S o'clock. lmpor- ?&«v_\_j£f'
tar.t business. Y_)k_»?
PRESIDENT. »y^.-
THE quarterly meeting of Ser- m
vian-ilonter.egrln _.. and B. So- jyO*>
clety. will be held THIS •&£<* /
(WEDNESDAY) EVE N I N G. P£ry_3H
July ;s. 1900. at 8 o'clock, at Se^feS?
IP Califorr.ia St. All officers and ¦BjSQlfirE
rrierr.lxTs are earnestly requested *_Gre_5!
to attend. Fine for non-attend- to_8Je!m7
rr.ee will be strictly enforced,
liy cr_er cf — -
M. K. TAPOVAZ. President.
SPIRO t=. VlTOSAVLlEVlL'H, Secretary.
A MEETING of the Ftockholders of the Peo-
yle'e Insurance Company, a corporation or-
iranired under the laws of the State of Cal-
ifornia, will be held at the offlce of Christy
& Wise, r_ Sa-nsome St.. San Francisco. Cal..
at 2 p. m.. FRIDAY, the 27th day of July.
ir-00, for the j-urpose cf Riling vacancies in
the board of truhtees for said corporation anJ I
the transaction of puch other business as may !
properly come before such meeting. '
A full attendance of the stockholders is de-
sired. By order
JOHN H. WIPE. Vice President.
FHANK F. FTO.VK, Secr-tary.
ANNI'AL. meetinp— The regr.;lar annual m»et- |
Ing of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will he held at the offlce of
the company. 227 Market Et.. San Franciscc,
Ca!.. on WKHNK.SDAY. the 2t=t day of Au-
gTjet. U0Q, r. t the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon, i
for the purpose of electing a board of <li- I
rectors to c<Tve fcr the ensuing year ar.d I
the transaction of nch other business as j
rr.ay come bt?'ore the meeting.
E. H- SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
T5ie Risdon Iron ar.d Locomotive 'Works. — The
_rin__l mc-ftins of the stockholders of the Kls-
<lon Iron and Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of trustees for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at the
office of the company, southeast comer of Heale
_nd Howard sts.. San KraneUsco. on MONDAY.
the C:h day cf August. DM, at U o'clock a. ra.
I_ K. MEAD. Secretan'.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com- j
patnj-. San Francisco. July ]6. !J»00. — At a rep- I
_lar meeliMK of the Board of Directors of this
company, held THIS PAY. a dividend was de-
clared, payable «->n and after July IS, 1900.
LOI'IS WEINMANN. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS con make from $73 to 1100 per month
pellinc our campaign books. "ISSUES ANL>
LEAIJEHS." "Hattle of J!W; also W. J.
Aryan's new book, "Republic or Empire ?"
Send _>c tor outfit and agents' instructions.
We give same terms as Eastern firms. OC-
CIDENTAL. PCB-JSaOU-O CO.. Oakland.Cal.
LADY agents wanted; small capital; $2 to to
I*r day. Call this week, 2 to 3 p. m., 9A
ft., r.ear Market.
ASTROLOGY.
VB&. Sadie Dunn, of Pittsbure. Pa., strictly
reliable on all matters pertaining to life and
buyirn*": ho'-nfriijjt reading*. SI. 271D Sutter.
A'r«K.\tVS AT LAW.
It TT. KING, attorney at law, 127 Market ft.,
.tiot. CT; estates, datnaem, attachments,
bankruptcy, collectionE; all eases; fair fees;
no advance chargef ; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE lr«-e; divorce law a Fpecialty; private;
rn fee »:thout success; collections. t». W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. PAV_D_QX. v;7 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
_.. S. CLAHK, Emma SpreefcelK bldg.. *27 Mar-
kft ft.: consultation free: no fee? In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AI'TOMOUILES— FRED WAllD & SON.
ARen:s. 4G Fremont et.
JiOHINSON $r>. 4-rEr.el folding; dooroper.*; flrm
ar.d safe. V.". S. BROWS', gen, agt.. 4:C Ellis.
Bt-LGIAX HARES.
A NUStl'.ER of fine does at low prices; bred to
our f.2it_t bucks; LORD KDINBORO U:r.p.>.
fee J2i: 1>L"KE OF CLARENCE (imp), fe«
J15; line let of youngsters from three to flve
rvonths old from Lord Edlnboro and our Im-
jf.rtea does with jfrand color and perfect feet
_11 r.und; full line of rabbit supplies; free
literature.
fcAN FHANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
BAM C. HAMMOND. MgT.
Office— Spreckels Market.
Rabbitry-lClS Shotwcll et.
BELGIAN HARES!!
Ail the I'opulur Ftralns ot greatly reduced
I.rices. CALIFORNIA BEI-G1AN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda. Cal.
liORD FAFHODA CHIEF and Lcdy Lumb.
fir?t prize in England, at 314 Oolden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. KOS^ Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate ave.. S..F.. &0C rabbits for sale cheap.
IlICVtXES— For Sale or Eichsnge.
ALLEN b<?"s new bicyclen. CO to f75; second-
hand onf, $5 ur>. 1370 Page ft.
boaiiium; for c_iloukx
WANTED— Child to board; mother"s caro.
41S 1 4 Natoma Ft., near Fifth.
IILSIM-SS CUAM'ES.
A— 1"00; -eV.eacy end dairy produce. In Ala-
nie4a; rert t9: <5al!y receipts 112; business es-
tabl. y^ars. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S«* Ktaray.
A— llTiO; OOBKRB grocery and bar on Mission
et. ; place has been kept by present owner
for 19 years and clearing above JIM per
month; sto<k and fixtures worth the money.
Call R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— 1200— liEfTAURANT and chophouse on
watfr front; rent Jli; bargain. R. <_. WlLKE.
SC'^j Kearny st.
A— J4'-0; EAICERY estatl. many years In lively
country town; pl.-ice doing a eplendid busi-
ness; rent 520; rickness of proprietor only
caucf of eaie; fullest investigation solicited.
Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny St.
A— J:r:O: PARTNER wanted in old-establ. cor.
procery and bar on Third St. ; daily receipt*
*3T.; retiring partner had to leave for north;
rent $42; lease; rare chance. See R. Q.
WILKE. 3J4 Kearny St.
A— J3C0; ELEGANTLY fitted saloon: established
vears: in lanre private hotel; rent J40; loca-
tion 2 block* frcm Market st. R. G. WILKE,
SC* Kearny rt.
A— $4f>00: CORNER irroeery and bar; established
years and known as a _ioney making place;
bcFt location: close to Chronicle building. Se«
IV «. WILKE. -CH Kearcy ct.
A— J_iOO: CORNER: wine and !iquor store: only
one block from Market; rent $50: horse,
¦wagon and a large Ftock; rpiendid paying
turiness; disagreement of partners cause of
rale. Fee It. G. WILKE. -G'i Kearny st
SI.VDO — KESTAl.'RANT In country town; fine
paying proposition; S20.000, seven years; also
a $:003 restaurant, most popular place ir. San
Francisco. KREDO & DITTTON. 36 Gear}- t,t.
A.— rir.O: clrar store; laundry orflee more than
pays expenses; good trade; fine location. Pa-
ciiic IiusInfJ'S Exchange. 1018 Market st.
|12j— BRANCH bakery: 3 living roefcis; cheap
rrnt:. c-'Ilnc on account of departure; neat
p'.tice. i'aclflc Exchange, 3016 Market St.
FRUIT Ftore: trade »12 to $20 per day; good
horse. wsiFon and harness: must be ecld; price
»200. Pacinc Exchange. 1016 Market at.
%C&— CORNER grocery and. bar; good location;
I rooir.s; suitable for man and wife; worth
138. LUNniN & CO., *7J Market st.. r. U.
Iiooo—SALOON. 1 block from Market St.: fix-
tures ar.d nock worth $1500: good reason for
Btllln?:. J. Lund'.n & Co., £T3 Market st.. r. 12.
5C> i — NICE candy, icecream, cigar and station-
ery etore In tine location; large etockt fine
huFlnesn; chrap rent. LANE & CO.. 6C5 Mkt.
BTORK to rent, suitable for barbr ehop and
cigars; opp. where new depot will be, ,698
Fourth st.
A store to rent, eultable for restaurant; oppo-
site vrhere ce— depot will be, 698 Fourth it.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— KREDO & DUTTON. phone Black 5052.
$3000— GROCERY & bar: Mission Bt.; $60 dally.
?700— Home bakery; coffee parlor; no oppo-
sition.
$400— Restaurant in the wholesale district
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary at
1350— SALOON; 2 furnished rooms; rent $1S; re-
ceipts $10 to $12 _Mly. KREDO & DUTTON,
86 Geary Bt.
$X0— CANDY m'fg: Market Bt.; $20 per day:
old c-tab. business. KREDO & DUTTON.
SC Geary et. ______
J4S0— A BARGAIN: millinery store In Wostern
Addition; 5 years established: good stock on
hand: value In sight: 3 neatly furnished
rooms back of store; everything complete Tct
housekeeping ; suitable for family or 2 young
ladles.; owner leaving. Box 3T.0S. Call office.
jjOOO — PARTNER wanted. lady or gentleman:
bUBinees city and traveling; worth now one
hundred weekly. Call this week. 2 to 9 p. m,.
9A Sixth tt.. near Market.
WANTED— A refined lady with good form.
wllllns to Invest $100 In flrst-class business:
meet best of people and brings large returns.
Box 102. Call office. ___
FOR sale— Saloon: good business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business; restaur-
ant; 100 chairs ar.d feeding 100 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
IF you want to sell your business quick, send
to o«r office.
For Sale — First -class saloon; must be sold
at any price; grocery store and bar; lodging
house 10) rooms; house, 7 rooms; house. U
rooms. McBRIDE & CO.. Agents. 930 Howard.
|— o_v TF.LT.-ESTAP.LISHED grocery and fruit
Ftore; doing a good outside business; horse,
wagon; rent taken out in trade; best of
reasons for selling. Box 3302. Call.
BARBER shop and bath house for sale; estab-
lished for over 25 years; pplendid location;
first-class regular trade; best of reasons for
_e-!rlng to sell. Address H. L.. P. O. box 3S0,
Sacramento.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
Ftalls- rent only $15; water free. Inquire \VM.
HENDRICKFON & CO.. C14 Call building.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn. ;
will rent sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON A- CARR. Monterey. Cal.
A— HOTEL and saloon at 212-214 First st.. at
reasonnble terms; will sell on account of
sickness. .
FIRST-CLASS shoe shop; good prices; good
work; small stock of shoes. 332 Bush Ft.
PAYING saloon: very reasonable prjce. Inquire
LEMLE. LEVY CO.. 239-2C3 Third st.
FOR SALE— An old-established paint shop,
with good Ftock. 1306 Powell st.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; on Geary st
Apply 2 O'Farrell Et.
DON'T MISS the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
GOOD bakery for sale: cheap: baking 2Vi bar-
rels. Address box 1957. Call office.
FOR sale— Well-paying pickle factory and vin-
egar route; $1000. ' Address box 1^70. Call.
FOR tale— First-class restaurant. Address P.
I.AMMERS. 1759'i Mission St.: no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 41! Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
LODGISC-HOISES FOR SALE.
8 ROOMS: clean; nice; respectable location. J250
J0 and 12 r. houses, all parts of city, $3S0 up.
14 r.: clean: respectable: rent $63; good.. $7'K)
21 rooms; central: clears $S0 a month. ...S1300
24 rooms; rent $S3; profitable; >. cash.... $1600
CO rooms; very nice: clears over $100 $2S00
1S4 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.: tel. Blk 1S03.
16 ROOMS. SSOO; respectable, no transient; all
full of permanent renters; clears tl per day
above the rent; rent $33. M. GRIFFIN, 719
Market st. near Call bldjt
LIST your houses with me; I have cash buy-
ers. 'M. GRIFFIN, 719 Mp.rket Et.
Jl_f.-LO DOING-HOUSE. £5 rooms; good loca-
tion: cheap rent: worth $200; make offer to-
day. LUNDIN & CO.. S73 Market St.. r. 12.
$900- SNAP: CS rooms; all rented; fine location;
near Market st. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
36 nage». In wrapper, for mailing, tl y*r year.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished hotel, situated in coun-
try. 12 rooms and bar. $1». For full particu-
lars call FRED ASCHMANN. Mtlpitas, Santa
Olara County. Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO
MFV. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market ft. S. F.
CARPET DEATISG AXO CLEA.M.VO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
tng Works. K3-237 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
BANFTARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
S4.-344 McAllister st: phone South 145.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-43 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4H3 Stevenson tt.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie i)t4.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
negis. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, VZ7 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated: money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland: high basement; corner lot, 9Cx
135; fine grounds and fruit trees; location
Al; 5 minutes' walk to local station. II. II.
COLBY. Express office. East Oakland.
OFF Second et. near Brannan — Sunny 4-room
cottage; $10. Key 623 Second st.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath; lot COxlOO; Mis-
sion: easy terms cr vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
Sl'lKITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, E5S Mis-
sion st; readings daily. 25c. 60c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c
TO-NIGHT, at 8, Mme. Marquise, 5 Hyde st,
near McAllister, holds usual circle, 10c; skep-
tlcg invited.
CONVINCING test Wednesday, Thursday, 8 p.
m. : Mrs. Maxwell: read, dally. 123S Howard.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit, dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25e. WATSON,
medium, palmist 15S1 Market st.. near 12th.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalrvoyant. test, business
medium, life reader; sitting tl. 1104 Market.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 830
EH1«. 10 a. m. to S p. m.. Sundays Included.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
t ; — — ~____ — ™
MME. 1 PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c.
gents tl: palm. & clalr.; «lt $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. ZEP.EDA. the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. S Seventh et. ; no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card readers past,
present, future, 20c. 118 Sixth st, room 14.
CARD reading, 25 cents. 109 Fifth st. Hours
from 1 to 10.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Mlnt.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader; advice on all
business affairs, 25c up. 823 Mission st; ringb?!).
&!ME.August. clairvoyant, card reader; palmls-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 60c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, rlalrvoyant. card reader;
sittings dally. _l_\_ Sixth st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad\-lce; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth et.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
tand's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
DOO HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARO'S Dog Ht«plt_rPostr^Wmore^
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. manse cure and worm pills
bv _rur_ists or athosnltal. 510 Golden Gate av.REAX. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and /County of San Francisco to Guy C
Mullen, lot on N line of Green street, 103 W of
Ltrkln, W 31:6 by N 10S:9<{; $ .
AVells. Fargo —.Company to R. C. Chambers
lot on SW corner of Frederick and Willard
streets. S 275. W 100. N 137:6. XV 75. S 137:6, W
i'4:4. NE to Frederick, E 226:11; $10.
Gufctav and Sa'.lle Marshall to Annie _ . Mc-
Kinstry. lot on N line of Pacific street. 45 W of
Broderick, W,27:6 by N 12 7:S«i: $10.
John and U Una Stlerlen to I-eon H. Rog-er, lot
on E Hn« of Clayton street, 24S S of Frederick
S 26 by E 101:3; *10.
Hor.ry Schworin to LJzzle Schwerln, lot on W
line of Folsom street, 93 S of Twentieth. 8 30
by W 12 2:C; sift.
Joseph Jacquemet, by E. B. Pond and II. ,C
Campbell, trustees, to San Francisco Pavings
Union, 1037 D. 223. lot on S line of Seventeenth
street, 163 W of Guerrero, W 13 by S 243, trus
tees' ilceii; $3470. .
Mollle Heilmann. guardian of estates of May
Richard, Waiter and Henry Heilmann (minors)!
to John E. Heilmann, lot on SW corner of
Twenty-first and York streets, W 25 by s 100
$2<>00. .
William and Lizzie Hinkelto E phriam H.
Tryon, lot on K line of Hyde street, 114 S of
Washington, S 23 by E 109:6; $10.
Martin and Jenny II. Krotoszyner to Wlnslow
Andereon, lot on S line of Sutter street. 70 E
of Larkln. E 33:9 by S 137:6; J10.
Bernard McArdle to Annie E. McArdle. lot on
>J line of .Minna street, 143 E of Eighth. E :o
nw so, sw :o. se so; srift.
Edward George McDonnell to William D.
McDonnell, lots 33 and 3». block 4, Tract A,
People's Homestead Association: Rift.
John Murray to Stephen Mntthies, lot on
line of California avenue, 175 S of Eve street, S
25 by iNE 100; $10.
¦ Thomas D.andRoM A. Rlordan to Caspar
Zwlerleln, lot on E corner ot Java street and
SAILED.
' Tuesday, July 17,
Ftmr Rival. Johnson, Veal,
Stmr Gijisy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Geo Locmis, Badeer. Ventura.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Ship Emily F Whitney, Brlghan. Honolulu.
Schr J W Weatherwax, Sorenson, Eureka and
Honolulu. • '
Schr Glendale, Falk. Tacoma.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Anderson, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT L0BOS, July 17, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S\V, velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN
May 24, lat 10 S. idn 34 W— Br bark Ven
tura, from Antwerp, for Tacoraa.
May 31. lat 34 S. Ion 33 W— Fr bark Colbert,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. _^»
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr O M Kellogg, from Eureka. July 17
—Was In company with bark off the lightship
last night at 10 o"clock. Thought her to be a
bark from Hawaiian Islands.
l'er stmr National City, from Fort Bragg, at
San Francisco, July 17— On July 17. at 8:30 a m
saw a full-rigged ship f miles NW of Point
Reyes; looked like coal laden. Also picked up
a fish boat with a man and a boy and towed
same to San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Passed July 5— Br stmr Ener
gia. from Port Hadlock, for Melbourne.
HUENEME— Arrived July 17-Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence July 15.
CRESCE.VT CITY— Sailed July 17— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 18— Stmr Garonne,
from Cape Nome. July 17-Stmr Dlrigo, from
¦Skairuay.
Sailed July lfr— Stmr Centennial, for Cape
Nome. July 17 — Stmr Al-KI. for Uyea.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed July 17— Nor
Btmr Kvarven. for Seattle.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed July 17-Schr
Challenrer. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 16— Stmr Eureka,
hence July .15.
Sailed- July 17— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA-Sailed July 17-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
SAM DIEGO — Sailed July 17— U S stmr Ran
ger, for : schr Bertha Dolbeer, for Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 17— Stmr TUla
mook, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 17— Stmr
Alcatraz, from Greenwood; stmr W hitesboro.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY^Sailed July 17— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
BRISTOL. BAY — Arrived June 20 — Bark Cory
phene. hence May 22.
FOREIGN PORTS,
VICTORIA— Arrived July.l6-Nor stmr Hero,
from • Dutch Harbor.
GUAYMAS— Sailed July 2— Schr Dauntless,
for Orays Harbor.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 15— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed July 1*-Br Btmr Aorangl.
for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived July 15— Br ship
Eokoto. to load for San Francisco. July 3 — Br
ehlp Fannie Kerr, to load for San Francisco.
Sailed July 16-Fr bark Fervaal, for San
Francisco.
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July It— Br
SHIPPING. INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F Mower, Napa
I C SchilTer, Baksfleld
A C Presley, Cal
M Prince & s. S Rosa
r W Bush, Naoa
C H Todd. Oakland
II C Shepard. S Paul .
3 W Patterson, Stkn
A R Carney, Visalia
W S Cole, Cal
W J Jones, Tacoma
3 Winshell, Chicago
T Bradbury. Vancouver
A H Hart. NY
H F West, Seattle
Mrs H Stedham. Seatt
G E Price. Denver
r J Browley & w. Red
Mrs B Atkinson, NWT
E A Meserve. L Ang
W J Trask. L Ane
Mrs C Berry, Selma
Z XV Barrett. Fresno
B F Cobb. Chicaco
\V E Rohery, L An*
M McWhirter, Bksfleld
R Brainard &w, E Grv
(i Hesser & w, la City
Miss E Simmons. I City
J B Chlnn. Porterville
I C Campbell. Nev City
S Hudson. Fresno
E W Pease, L Ang
D W Pierce, L Ang
I S Noble, Ogden
5 Fitzgerald, Ogden
W Whitaker „ w. Nebr
R T Puencer & »\ N Y
R C Ferguson &w. Oak
3 P Dobbin?. Vacaville
W Morehouse, D Flat
M Menasos, Stkn
[ Parris & w, L Ang
El Juch. Marysvllle
I D Riddle, Hanford
Miss Leland. S Barbara
3 G Brooks. Colusa
Z T Lindsey, Nevada
Fred Mason, Sacto
I -V Shepherd, Cal
Mrs V Wines. S Barbar
Mrs Jorster & s, Sidney
E Oyly, Cal
E Canal, Columbia
Pedro Caucus. Columb
5 Kroms. Cal
Dr & Mrs Cutter. Alcat
A C Russell. Stkn
D H Whltsmore, S Raf
Mrs S L Fish. Martinez
Annie Fish, Martinez
Mrs J D Pardons, S R
Miss II C Read, S R
, P Lyman, B Springs
C E Glidden, Madera
W Jenkins. Phoenix
W S Hunt. England
R B Butler, Fresno
Sam Henery. Stkn
5 W Ramb, B Creek
X Mills, w & e. CoKvlll
D Tredway. Lodi
J B Robinson, Sacto
CJ H Harvey, Oakland
Mrs McCullough, Cal
Miss McCulloush. Cal
I Rammesburg, Winters
PALACE HOTEL
H Cooke. Gridley
SffF Johnson, Can
F R Georse, N Y
H Morton, Stanford
I E Noyes & ,w. Napa
Mr &MrsSeligman. Mil
Mrs Flanks, Cleveland
MIsb H H Parks. Cleve
Sheldon Parks, Cleveln
3 E Reiss, USA
C*XV Tuttle. Colusa
E T Mix. N Y
A Tl Conn, St Joe
I Chanselor, Coalinga
H Coll oden & w, Mex
Mrs A Phillips. Mex
H Quinby & w. Lvpool
Mrs H Lyon. Redlands
L. Brown, Pittsburgr
*V Kilburn. U S N
E Kumane. Springfield
R H Herrcn, L. Ang
W T Folomon, N Y
C E Hill. Kans City
W W Cha:>in, Sacto
W G Nevin. L. Ans
R L. Laws, Hamilton
A L Reaves, X V
L Cannon, Denver
Dr A Johnson &w. Port
Dr Llndley. Salt Lake
F Eilers, Portland
W M Mark. Denver
J G Brown & W, O
JJ Brown & w, Athens
D B Smith. Syracuse
Mrs L H Deminsr. Chic
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Dr Pinkerton. K City
J S Rees. Truckee
Z Wing, Truckee
Miss A Smith. Truckee
J \V Brown. Chicago
XV Moore, Oakdsfle
H Jensen, Ixindon
F Armstrong &w. Iowa
V S Hansen, Vallejo
F Gay, Sacto
T M Crawford, S Jose
D Wilson, S Jose
J Dougherty, S Jose
A F Cannon, Kent
H Wulff, U Island
J H Bromhead, Vcouvr
Ct Schoerlln£rer& w, O
E K Johnson & f . B C
Miss I Ward. Ross Val
Remarkable Confession of Eliza Wise
Clears Away a Mystery in
Minnesota.
ANOKA, Minn.. July 17.— The recent
mysterious shooting of William Wise and
his wife was solved to-day by the con
fession of Eliza Wise, the younger of tho
Wise girls, that the defendants, James
Hardy and Elmer Miller, committed the
murder. She practically admitted that the
plot to shoot her parents was formed
with the knowledge of herself and her
sister. The mother had $1500 in the bank,
which was to^o to her daughters in case
of her death, and the girls had said they
would divide with their suitors when Mrs.
Wise was dead.
The father had forbidden th© boys to
call on his daughters, and so he was in
cluded in the plot. Eliza testified that
she saw the boys. and their guns outside
the house before the shooting. The girl's
story created a profound sensation, as the
defendants had established a tentative
alibi, and it was generally believed that
they were innocent.
FOOD IS SCARCE.
The Government of Colombia —Card-
Pressed to Feed Its Soldiers.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 17.— Further
news from Colombia Is to the effect that
up to July 13 Panama was still held by
the Government. The rebels in the vicin
ity were expected to begin operations
soon. The Government troops have been
strongly reinforced by drafts from Colon,
but it is the general opinion -that the
rebels can take Panama any time they
like. It is reported that the rebels are
led by an American military expert. Tho
Government is in dreadful straits for food
with which to feed troops and is seizing
cattle from residents.
Chautauquans in Session.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 17.— The twenty
first annual assembly of the'Pacific Coast
Chautauqua was regularly opened, for
business at 9 a. m. to-day by the organi
zation of the assembly classes of scien
tific and literary work. Rev. Dr. Thomas
Filben, superintendent of instruction for
the Pacific Coast branch of the Chautau
qua Society, presided at the class organi
zation. A general discussion on the pres
ent popular questions of child study was
led by Mrs. E. G. Greene of Palo Alto,
president of the California Home and
School Child Study Association. A lec
ture by John Ivey on "Seeing the Invisi
ble in Nature" was the feature of the aft
ernoon. In the" evening Congressman
Charles B. Landia of Indiana spoke on the
"Mission of the Anglo-Saxon."
/ • . _: 9
Worry Causes Suicide.
HILLSBORO. Or.. July 17.— The lifeless
body of S. II. Humphreys, a prominent
real estate broker of this city, was found
this morning hanging by a rope from a
limb of a small fir tree. Humphreys was
the guardian of Mrs. Amanda Shipley, an
Insane ward, "and also administrator of
the estate of the late Judge Humphreys,
his father. It is thought that worry over
the condition of these estates and other
financial troubles caused him to turn to
suicide -us the speediest solution of the
difficulty. •
Vivid Scene Enacted on a Chicago
Building Worthy of a Chapter
in a Dime Novel.
CHICAGO, July 17.— The exciting spec
tacle of two men fighting fiercely 175 feet
above the ground, with a constant clanger
of being plunged to certain death below,
was witnessed by a great crowd about the
rew Coliseum building.
Richard Collins was distributing cinders
about on the roof of the big structure,
while J. R. I lowland was at work on the
ground 175 feet below. A brick from above
dropped and grazed his head. Angered,
he went to the roof and accused Collins
of dropping it. They soon began to tight.
The roof is only twenty-four feet w.»de
and slants at an angle of twenty degrees.
The fight took place on the west side of
the apex of the roof. A misstep would
have hurled the combatants to certain
death on the stonework below.
The attention of Charles Wilson, fore
man in charge of the expanded metal
work, was attracted by the struggle of thu
two men. Calling to several laborers he
rushed to the' scene of the conflict. Ho
arrived on the scene in time to seize the
lighters as thev were in imminent peril
of falling together over the edge to wait
ing death.
The men were separated and Foreman
Wilson sent for assistance from the police,
who arrested the fighters. Howland was
seriously injured.
CONSPIRED WITH LOVERS
TO MURDER THEIR PARENTS
MEN ON NARROW
ROOF HIGH ABOVE GROUND
LONDON, July 17.— Caroline E. Keyes
pleaded guilty In the -.Marylebone Police
Court yesterday to the charge of stealing
a gold watch, a bracelet, hairbrush and
articles of clothing of the aggregate value
of £22 from rooms in Norfolk Mansion's
Hotel, where she had been staying.
When Miss Keyes was arrested she
finally opened her trunk and displayed the
missing articles. Her explanation was
that she had been drinking brandy, and
while under the influence or the liquor
took the property. When she realized the
enormity of her action the next mornius
she tried to return the stolen property
but was unable to gain access to the
rooms she had robbed. In the course of
the hearing Miss Keyes said she was an
American and had come to London to at
tend the World's Christian Endeavor Con
vention as a delegate from a church A iu
Minnesota. Ultimately Miss Keyes. who
said she was without money, was re
manded to allow her to call witnesses as
to her character.
A lady answering the description of the
prisoner registered at the City Hotel as
*'F. 13. Keyes, San Francisco," early m
July. " ¦
Prisoner Answers the Description of
a Young Woman Who Eegistered
as Coming From San
Francisco.
Miss Caroline E. Keyes Ad
. mits the Charge in the
Police Court.
PLEADS GUILTY
TO STEALING IN
LONDON HOTEL
Masonic avenue. SE 50 by NE 100; also lot on
NE line of Masonic avenue, 75 SE of Java
street, SE 50 by NE 100; also lot on NE line of
Masonic avenue. 125 SE of Java street. SE 50
by NE 123. block 5, Flint Tract: UO.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to B. E.
Auger and J. D. Fricot (executors of estate of
Emelie A. Chavanne), lot 2933, Laurel Hill Cem
etery; £3150.
Alameda County.
Helen A. and L. T. Hengstler to Sidney Mc-
Mechen Van Wyck Jr., lot on E line of War
ring street, 50 N of Channing way, N SO by
E 150. being lot 2S, map of lienton property,
Berkeley; $10.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Gifford
H. G. McGrew, lot on NE corner oi Hlllegass
avenue and Derby street, N 40 by E 159:44. be
ing lot W, map of Hillegass property, Berke
ley: J1G0O.
Thomas Creagmile to Rachel Creagmile. lot
on FE corner of Shattuck avenue and Oregon
street. E 147.43.. S 89:S. W 153.69. N SO to begin
ning, lots 17 and 18, block H, of southern por
tion of Hlake estate, Berkeley: $10.
Home Building Company to Phillip H. Blake
Jr., lot 7, map of Forest Park Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
D. and Bertha Sternseher to Rachel Gutter,
lot 2. map of Duarte Tract, beimt portion of lot
1, Peraita Tract, Brooklyn Township; 180.
Elisa Werlen (formerly Scriaerer) to Emu
Schaerer. lot 32. block A, amended map of re
eubdlvlded Haight Tract. Alameda; ?1^0.
Charles L. and Annie S. Taylor to J. S.
Myers, lot 11. map of C. L. Taylor property, as
surveyed by E. XV. Wilberg and recorded No
vember 6. 1897, in Map Book 15, page 71, Oak
land; $10.
Charles P. end May S. Davles to Charles
Ptephan. lot on S line of Thirty-sixth or Losan
street. 266:3 XV of West street. W 50 by S 120:3.
being lot 12, block M. map of property of Cen
tral Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Cassle J. Conwell to XV. V. Henderson, lot on
S line of Virginia street. 2S7 W of Shattuck
avenue. W 50 by S 134.67. being lot 4. block
C, .Janes Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Rebecca and Myron L. Wurts to C. P. De
vore. lots 21, 22 and 23, block 175. on map of
subdivision of lots 12, 13 and 14 and portion of
lot 11, corrected map of Snyder Homestead
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Unice Wilkinson to Ell Wilkinson, lots 13
and 20, block A. Fruitvale Station Tract, Brook
lyn Township; cift.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. E. Kibbe (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect Thomas J. Welsh—Ex
cavatins. grading, brick, concrete. Iron, car
penter and Joiners' work, stairs, hardware, tin
ning, galvanized iron work, lathine, plastering
and glazing 1 for a two-story and basement
frame building on N line of Geary street, 67:6
E of Devisadero, N .137:6 by E 50, XV A 4S6;
$3345.
Same owner with James E. Eritt (contractor),
architect same— Gas and water service, plumb-
Ing, gas fitting, sewers and tiling for same on
same: }1S9S.
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with City Street
Improvement Co. (contractors), architect Al
bert Sutton— Excavating and piling for a four
story and basement brick building on SW line
of Beale street. 229:2 XXV of Mission, N'W 45
by SW 137:6; $3740.
Louis Reimers (owner) with P. Saj-well (con
tractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdeil— All
work except trimming hardware, mantels,
shades, gas fixtures for a. one-ftory and base
ment frame bulldinc on N line of Eighteenth
street, 210 W of Church, X H4:10>£, N 7S de
srees, W 25:6, S 150, E 25. to beginning-, II
B 94: $2S25.
G. F. Terschuren (owner) with California
Concrete Co. (contractors), architect K. J. Vo
gel—Concrete work, foundations, patent stone,
bulkhead, trenches, etc., for a two-story attic
and basement frame bulldlnp (two dwellings)
on NE corner of Clay and Spruce streets, 4>:'>'i
alon* Spruce, thence N 60 by K 107:6: $2090.
Same owner with F. L. Hansen (contractor).
Architect same— Carpenter and stair work.
Klass. electric work, marble, lathing and plas
terinir for Fame on tame; I10.S25.
Same owner with H. Williamson (contractor),
architect same— Plumbinp, sewering:, water ser
vice,, ras service and draining for same on
same; JI4P-.
Same owner with W. F. Wohlsteln fcontrac
tor). architect same— Painting, varnishing, rub
bin!?, etc., for same on same; $930.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 17 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
NEW YORK-Arrived July 17-Stmr South
wark. from Antwerp: stmr Frlederich der
Grosse, from Bremen.
Sailed Jdly 17— Stmr Belsravia. for Hamburg;
stmr Kaiser Maria Theresa, for Bremen.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 17-Stmr Potsdam,
from New York.
SYD.VKY, NSW— Sailed July 15— Stmr Ao
ransi. Irr Vancouver.
ROTTERDAM- Arrived July 17— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
stmr Glenoele, from Tacoma; Jap stmr IdzumI
Maru. trom Seattle.
Sailed June 10— Ship Joseph B Thomas, for
Port Townsend.
KOBE— Arrived prior to July 16— Schr .Fred J
Wood, from Vancouver.
DOVER-Passed July 15-Ger stmr Hathqr,
hence March 23, for Hamburg.
VANCOUVER- Arrived July 17— Br stmr Em
presr o" India, from Honskrmc. r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
11
f "5_ * )r _S ibbo -' s Dispensary,
fSi* ffQ ' n *^*** * or * h <" tr»armcniol l»rlva:»
5JllJV<ft;W Utsenses, Lost Manttixid I)»billty or
IkB^%h» dlsea-wearlnsrou bodyand mind and
.skin D!»pe_es. Th» docwrcureawh-n
_<KAHfJC_ others fall. Try him. Cnar?e» low.
7S__— £_ (urfiin»r»iit« I. Callorwrltfw
l>r,J,t. tiUB9Xi Box is»37»ciaa i"ra_ci__
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL OIBECT0B3 AND EMBALMERS
Finest Equipment at Moderate Kates.
mcAVOY «fc.. CO.. .
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS _ EMBA-MERS
123? Market St., between sth and 9th.\
Telephone South 247.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN, Mcr.
FVNERA— DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
mmrvnmnn rariric con pa ST.
(PACiriC STSTBX.)
Trains !»>••»• mul nr* da* I* »rrt»* at
has ritAM«:i««:o.
i-ain Line. Foot of iUrket Slreal)
Ltivt — From Mat 13, 1300. — ash rm
•7j00 a Benlcia, Suis-in, Elmtn, TwmO a,
Ku_ mt sad aaorauento *7it3»
•7iO* a Sh__ Expreu— Davis, WiUIam s(fo*
B—tlctt Bprin t»X Willows. _ ed
Biuff. Pott-nd 1i*ar
*7iS>a Mtrtluex.SsoIU_oii.V— lc]o, JJ»pa,
C»li*to|» tod 9*ata Rom *fi!3r
•«:O»» Davit. Woodland. Kn!(hta I— ndlug,
M— ji»ill«, OroTllle •?i«3»
••1:00a Atlaatle Express— Ogdea aad East *11iI3a
••iXOa Ssu Jot«, Hiermor-, Htoeklou,
Ion*. rt*?T»T»Dtf». PUe»r»lU a,
M^rjiTillp. Ctilco. Ked RlnfT 'lilSr
•8:3»» Os«d»>. Chin— • (tor Yosemtta X
Bailors. Carter* *4it«r
•H:OO» Hsywsrds, >il*» ssd W»f Mfitiom. •! 1: 45*
•t):«o* Los _a?9ln Ejprw* — MsrUnsa,
Tract, Lstiirop. Htockton. _ ereea
snd Fr««>o # «i4»»
•9i3O4 V»;i-j... M— tln«« sud Wir 8— tloos ••:«r
•IO:Ui)» Th» OtfrUml LJ'nlted— Ogdea, Don-
ter. Omsha. Cklcae-j *0tl3r
•1 1:0*4 Silt*. IJtermore, Stockton, S*cr%-
msnt-. Mendo— . Hint a id. VU»U».
Fortmvllls •4iI3f
•IWOh Harvard!. Nllessnd Way Ststlont. "liLlf
tl:"«f Bsciainento KlTarStevmsia t3;0U*
•3>00r H»yw_ d», Nile* *ud VVsf Station*. *a» 45p
•4:liur Maitlnsx, Han 1U— on. TalUJo.
N»r». fsTtniH*. S-ita Kosa "ml »»
•4i»«r Bsnicla, Wlntsra, 8»cr»m«ii«3,
Woodland. Kni.liU l_n_u<.
MurMTlIle. Oni»ill» *IA:*>A
•4t8Op Nil«s. San JnttnJ Sbockto n *7il3»
•3:O«pTha Oi»l Ll_ iiod— Tracy. Tt— oa.
B«kon3eld. Haufus for Saota U»r-
btra, Lcs AEZeies **tl34
•Bi60p Pretno Puwnrr- Mirtlnr*. L»th-
rop. Stockton. Meiceil, Bereoda
(Kaymoadtor Yotcm 1>«). K<muo..*I*iIS»
•Si*Of Ni* Jrlftcf Express— Uakaniivld.
8aut» H.tb.r i. Lcs Anjeles. Dam.
log. El P«w, Ntw Orletui »ud
East •••434
¦SiS«r 8an_ Vn Boiit«— AUautle KxprMS
for Mojnte ami Ka»t *«I-I9r
•»i»Or Haywardi. Nilesand.ian Joti *7tl-i4
<»iO«r Vallejn # iail»r
•6. Our Oriental Mull-Ofdmi. Cbeyenn*.
Omaha. CBtesgu 'IliMt
•«:«Of Ori«Dtal Mai I— Ogdaa. D*bt«*.
ijK»!i». ChlCM-,* MllSr
ITtOtr Tallejn, Putt t;o>U ind Way Sta-
Mous J fOip
•«iO3r O.!-,on an 1 CallfoniU Kiprnn.Hu.
(*m*iita. Marjstlll*. Itwi-lftit.
I'orH.n.l. |-,.tr->t Mo.. ¦,. I mill Kan* *»tl»4
ro4sr DiriKioa fiiwraw <•*¦««).
(F<M.t«.f M.ifk»tStr»tt.>
{?:43a BsntA Crua Kiciiraion for ."anta
Cm: aud rrincly»I Way Sta duns ]Si««V
*StlS4Nairark.i;>:ntrrtl!ie,8sn.1<>!i'9.Krltori.
Ui' i .|!'1trrCr-«!i.. > '«ii*aCriisaiiil U'i/
Saatlotm ••:3»r
tStlSr Nswaik. Centenll!*. <!a» Jus*. Na*
Almaann, F*lti>a, Itmilder Creek.
H*ut» C'rirx and l'riu elpal V.«>
S»atlor.s t'"^**
•lt|."»r Newark, «»n .lose. LoaQatos •":•¦»• 4
«4tf3r Olenvood. Fslton. Kaata Cmx «H>ailA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSAI riiSClJCa— r»«t *r Itrktl S»rnMJ'bS)—
•I:l» 960 II 00».u. J1:CJ *2S3 IJ-.:i
•i:C3 1153 *l:S3r.M.
riia0lUU9-riilifirndfit.--l.CO 0.00 10 00%.n.
I»:C3 •!:» - 11.13 *3::3 |t:C3 'l:iZr.u.
COAST IHT1SIDN .'ISroail limup).
(Third and Toanwuitl Sm.)
tC:IOA Ocean Vi«». iouth h»n Francf*ro.. t«i3«»
t7:**« «au Jos* _> .1 Way 8Utl<>i.<i (Ns*
AltnaUeii V.'«<1n»<J<y« iinljr) *l:BtV
I7:8»i Sunday Exenn^a f«r Saa Josa.
6ta_ Crux. Pirlflc GroT* sod
Prind;al Way e>_ Uodi I«:33»
•9. CO. Hau Jrj«... Traa 1'inm. Mauta Cms,
PAofae <>rnt*. r»in Knblea. N»n
l.nts O>.l*rin, Rutt, Lom poo and
1'rincfptl War KUttrma •«:!•»
•lotto* Baa J»_ ami Way Mlatlons •»::«5»
•II>:t<i* UaiiJoce.I— inato«*ii<IWayS— tlotis •3t:tor
fiUrSm M»f-.., K«t«uo>J. \I-nlo V\rk.
F»lo Alto, Santa Ciata, Kan .>ui«.
Tim 1*I.-ci banta Crm, Sallnsa.
Mom«rayan<4 Paclfie Gro»» (lOtXfla
t»i*«f .•an Jot* aud Way «t«tlotn *?i3np
44il3p gan Jot* an4 Principal Way Stations *V:43a
t3:O*p8aa Jos*. _» Oatos sad r*rincij»l
Way S—M031 ?ti«»4
•5:8Or San Joj«»nd Trinclp*! Way Stations t*:3.1*
•ll:3Op Saa Jo» a anj Way Stations tVOO,
«ll:43p 9an Joit ami Way -S— tloni »7;30p
A for Morning P for Aftsrnnon.
'Daily. t Hu'M«r •irerted X Snnday aaly.
b Aatarday cn!».
A • Batordar and Rai:dj» < Suodi* and Moodav.
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEBxN RT. Ca
LESSEE
SAR FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FR-»-NCI9CO TO SAX RAFAEL.
'WEEK DAYS— 7:-. 9:C0. ll:C0 a. m.-. 13:3S,
l:&). S-.10. <:I0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra 0-19
at 11:80 o. _. Saturdays— Extra trl£— at 1:54
e—i 11:30 o. ra.
fiUKDAYS-S:CO. 9:M. U:00 a. ra.: 1:50. S:W.
5:C0, C:S> d. ra.
BAN RAJ-AE- TO SAN FRANCISCO.
,TT_EK DAY3— «:10. 7:30. >:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
1:43. i:U p. — - Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and 6:33 o. m.
BUNDAY5-8:-. 5:40, U:10 _ m.; 1:40, l:4t,
6:05. <:2S p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetz ea Puk
him schedule as abova.
L»av* I la EfTect. I Arrlv*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. -C0.| San Franclic^^
Week J Eua- I 1 Sun- I Weafc
Day- I flay- I D— trnatlon. | days. | Days.
T:80am 8:00 bqI Novato. 10:40 am' t:40 am
t:30pm 1:30 am Pttalsraa. «:05 pm 10:2$ aj a
1:13 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Roaa. T:S5 pm| 1:20 pm
Kulton.
t:M am Windsor. 10:— •— I
H» a Ids burg.
Lytton.
Oeyiervllle.
i:J0 pm g:CO am Cloverdala. T:3S pm 1:29 pm
:S0 ami ¦ I Hopland I |10:_ an*
S:J3 pm| 8:00 ami and Cklah. | 7:35 pml »:20 pra
T:i0am 13:25 am
1:00 am Guernevillo. 7:_ pm
»:M pm C:iO pm
|;»ib 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:49ani
4r_»d •
8:13 pro 8:00 pm Glen Ell-n. «:05 pm »:20 pm
T:K> anil I:M ami 119:40 am'10:— sm
S:10 pm| S:CO pml Sebast?pel. | 7:S3 ?m, «:20 pm
Cta*<!3 conn»et at Fanta Ro^a far Mark Wwt
Spring* and White Sulphur Sprtsss: at Fulton
for Altroria: st Lvtton for Lytton Springs: at
G»yserviUi» for Skagrs Sprtncs: at Cla»erdal»
for the Geysers: i\t Hopl»nd for Duncan
Fprlng«. HIehiand Sprtngs. KelservtHe. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprtngi; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue L '\-9. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Er-lnss. tTpper Lake. Porno. Potter V«ll«ry.
Jonn Day's. Rlvenlde. Ll^rley's. Bucknell's.
Fanhe^ in H"lehtj, Hullrille. Orr't Hot
Sprinfff. Mendnclao City. Fort Brarc. Wett-
port Ussl. WI1MM, Laytoavllle. Cu_m!r9.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olten's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnA trip tickets to all polnti
bevoTirt Ean Rsfa«l at half rates.
Tlrteet *itc*u. OJ Market St.. Chrcntele bldg.
H. C. W1I1TINO. R. X. RTAN.
G«o:ral Mir.nr-r. Gea. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Eausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...5:30 a. m., 1:4S and 5:15 p. ra.
SUNDATS 8. J. 19, 11 a. ra.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Far* San Francisco to Summit and return, fl ?).
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
RB-- ESTATE CITY — FOH SALE.
—APTOK. ELDRIDCE * CO..
C36 MARKLT STREET.
TO HIGHEST BIDDER
AT PRIVATE SALE.
ELF.dAVT LEVEL LOTS.
:.-.uune view— HYnn-ST. cars.
AT TOUR OWN TERMS.
MI PT FE SOLD THIS WEEK.
(90(1 REPfCEP FROM — Jl_0
Tl^ree fine l^vel lntr; street bitumen;
."ars p_— ; Misflrn warm belt.
KNAP.
|_a_ Cheapest lot !n the Mission, near Noe
and Twenty-fifth Fts.
r/avXTOWN RESIDENCES.
%~: r << -'U'ashinfrtnn Ft., near Larkin; large res-
idT.c* of :« rcKrr.s; lot 40x1^ f^t; alnr.e
worth the price afke.l. MUST BE SOLD.
jc'OC— -FORCED SALE: reduced from J—.COO;
.Tr-no* at., »vi'.v«-«»n ?arramento and
Clay; lot 27:fxi:0 feet; 9 rooms and bath.
SI!. 100 — Hush ft., near Taylor: larpe hous^e. 10
roorr.« ani fcath: also rear house; double
rrcr.tage.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
J~;o— Or.e-half block from Market and Fifth
Fts.: double frontage; s .*3 Improve-
ments; all rented.
PAYS 15 PER .CENT.
IS30O— Make offer: « flats of 4 and 7 rooms:
rents $72 per month ; lot COxTa feet; near
Sixth and Folsom ets.
MISSION COTTAGES.
J4 | yyv_ Bar.k mortpare of JCCO can remain; two
nice cottages cf h rooms and bath each;
Al condition; large lot. £6x122 fe«t.
EAETON, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
€3S MARKET ST.
A FPLENDID bargain ; only $ir.PO for a choice
business corner; houses all around; size 32:6x
100: NE. cor. Point Lobos and Eleventh avee. ;
brick sewer* In: all street work done and now
•jnder charge of __ Park Commissioner*; lot
< cf-t J4r*G.
A crr>oery stands ready to leas" if building
!f erected; little money required, as mort-
pa*' c«n stand.
W. J. GCNN, MO California st.
A OP.AND BI'Y—
F!xTh-Et. ex>rn«r; r»>s -S per cent net; I2S.000:
bank mencset —¦¦>.C<V> at € per cent : refused
S4 r '."00 one year aeo: stores and 2S rooms;
modern building; lot 41x78 feet; rents $2— .
A. M. SPE''K & CO.. 6C7 Market ft.
MOD— R_ houses and flats built at lowest
pries; plar.s and estimates furnished for all
buildlr.r work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
A RESIDENCE on Harrison St.. near broad-
pauge. Oakland; t2^>0. Address Box 195?. Call.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 c»nts— The Weekly Call.
!<5 rapes, !r. wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE COI">T11V For Sale
IF yen T.ar.t a ger.uine bargain see this fine
etjck f*rm; 600 acres; near R. R. town; 35
m'.les from this city: price about cost of Im-
provements for Quick sale to close an estate:
photeYrapbs and full particulars this of flee.
K. H. CRANE, EM California et.
MARIN CO.. C6 miles from S. F.— J40 to MO per
acre; cboice lands In tracts of all sizes; im- '
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vetf-tab'.e lands; easy terms; rail
ar.dl water transit; *ood schools. .HOME AND
FARM CO., rocm 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
ROPS Valley house, ten rooms and outhouses.
larpe (rrounds with s*iad» trees, near station:
*a> cr r«>r.t; aleo acreage tracts, wooded. S20O
S3w an arre. JAMES TL'NSTEAD. San An-
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each cf the
BC**) ranches on my PALE and EXCHANGE
list. Mt» than all other agents in this city.
N. IV PICKELS. the !and ae?r.t. 6 O*>ary.
A PRINTED !!*t. M. GRIFFIN. 715 Market:
city and country property sold and exchanged.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
jI5.n<y>_THP.EE nice cottages amd nne-half In-
terest In corner brick building; all rented; lo-
f-at^d pool to»n. near Sacramenta; exchang*
fnr oity lmr-roved or unimproved property.
Sunset. „:. Mrvntgomery st.. rr">m* 3 and 4.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 814—5 nicely furnished punny front
rooms complete for housekeeping.
EDDY. PIT— Nioely furnished sunny connecting
h'-'uVfkwping rooms; splendid location.
FIFTH. 3fS— Suite of connecting housekeeping
rooms; a!»o Fir.gle rooms fcr genttemen; rea- j
KnaWf. ¦ j
FIT~TH. "'3— J flats. S rms ea.. furn. for house- j
kpp. ?*.; and $14; a!sr> l for $7; single 14 and $.*.. !
FR«">nt room and kitchen furnished for house- i
k«x>;.;r,p; a'-o single rocm for gentleman. 6C0 '
Howard st. I
HOWARD. 1 XI— 2 connecting, completely fur- |
r.ished housekeeping rooms; running water.
HTP F.. I*"*— 3 sunny connecting rooms furnish-
ed for hou«fkerp!ng; 2 beds, coal stove; $13.
JIZSFIE. S39. opp. Emporium— 2 or 3 furnished
rnomi tor housek»>epmg: separate entrance.
LE ROY place. 114. oft Sacramento, bet. Jones
and Leavenwnrth— 3 eunny housekeeping
rooms nice yard.
LEWIF. is. rff Taylor, near Post— S furnished I
and 2 unfurnished.
MINNA. 2*— Pur.ny furr.ish»d front housekeep-
ing anl tingle rooms; 75c and SI week.
. If I.VXA, rest— ; nicely furnished rooms for |
housekeeping: good yard.
OCTAVIA. 14^3. corner Geary— Sunny bay-wln-
. dnw room, mantel end gas; suitable for two
persons; fio.
OAK. 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; use of laundry: 110.
- OTARRELL. 742— Nlce'.y furnished rooms, com- i
r->te for housekeeping; J12 to $25.
61— VCR. IE., near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen, j
r.i'f'.y furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH. "S6— Front and back parlors; suitable \
fcr office; also rooms fn r light housekeeping.
TFNTH, 2€S— Front bay-window furnished '
rooms. !
TUI1K. M3— Large front rocm complete for
houwkf-eping. tlO: a!so single, $5.
Tl"RK, 727— J Fur.ny unfurnished rooms and
kitchen with stove; private family; reason-
¦— le
WKHSTKH. :«3. r.r. Putter— 2 furnish«*d rooms; !
p-ivate fam'.Jy; use of kitchen if desired.
CLAS-"F!KIl-J> advertisements and subscriptions !
received at <""all branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A P.RANCH office for Call advertisements and
subrTipticns r.as been established at 1C9S Va-
lends Ft.
UOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I nfnrn. \
A REFINED yourr worhan about to move Into !
a sunny modern flat, central location, deeirvs I
en* or two congenial young women to room
- with her: r?:erences exchanged. Address J
. MI?S J. w., 13:9 Devisadero st.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to 5: jrfr r.ight. « 25 to to per week, acd
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market et. (old No. 13$4)-Fur-
niehed rms. suites, single; also unfurnished.
. — . .
EDDY, en— Large desirable room for gentle-
man; closet; rur.r.Ir.K water; bath; 'phone;
r r: vate family. ¦
ELLIS, e?5, cor. Larkln— Sunny front room;
tolilng Ijed: V."«-!sbach lights; suitable for two.
FOLSOM. iil, err, *:b <The Oliver)— Newly fur- ;
R_be4 euna> rocrr.s, tingle or fultff; reasonbl. ;
GEARY. 405rrhe Nav«rre)-_legantIyfurn!she<J !
rrxnt-.r: euit^s or single; travelers acco'dated. j
GRAND SOUTHERN*, southeast corner Seventh
arid Mission ill, finiinjT rooms, en suite or
eirgl*-; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Franciifo — El^pant suites; single: tran- |
fr!»nt; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor. !
HOV»'ARD. 9S», cor. Cth-Nlcely furnished tunny j
room* reasonable; by day, week or month. ;
MARKET. 1S02— Sunny front room*; furnished !
ct unfurnished.
MA HON. 21>, r.rT~6'r*arr<?iu--"xewly fur. rms.. |
J«. JS week; respectable; trans. Me. }1 day. ;
MINNA. 667. cor. Eicbth— New furntehed bay-
window rcom. II per week; transient. j
NINTH. :C0-Kur.ny front room to let; JS per
month: private family.
OAK. 11» — 1 larire minnr front room, furniched
Tor housekeeping, large closet, JS; 1 same, iu.
O'FAFJIELL. Jf>-Sunny furnlrhed roomi rr.d
office*; elevator: electric lights: day, wk., mo.
rOWEL!.. Kl— Light, clean rms.; suites or sln-
-. rle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
KOEEDALE House. SlSand ?.:i Ellin fit. -Rooms,
night. 2.'< to fl: week, a _ to 14; open night.
«OYAL HOCSE. 32« Ellis St.— Incandescent
liirht, reading rccm. smoking room and ladles'
j arlor; rooms, r-er nignt _c to Jl 50; week, Jl
ti Jf; month, IS to 12); elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
fACRAMKXTO. C4» — Xeat furnished rooms:
. private family: tl and upward.
"$\I TNTH. 2C1-3 nice furnished front room*,
J : - at* family, M. J5. t7: suitable for ladles.
. s5f KMAN Apurtment House, 28 Elchth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE OAKB. 11» Third-A rood rooming bous<
•for rood people. R. HUGHES. prcprUtor. i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. j
«. Steameri leave Broadway |
*»k wharf, San Francisco:
WS^~ _ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m .
W5**^&^ • 7uly 15> •*• -•'• 30> Auirjst 4 ;
i^J*EjV>**5» Change to company's steamer*
_£^§_3 vV-1 Fcr Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
_f»-!_i*' c>> Por: Townsend. Seattle.
r"*"*5i£&?t\> Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. July 13. 20. 2.". JO.
August 4, and every fifth day thereafter, t
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers |
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m., July
12. 17, 22, 27, August 1, and every firth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueaeme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m., July 14. IS. 22. 26. 20. August 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo* Angeles)— 11 a. |
m., July V.. K 20. 24. 28. August 1. and every
fourth day thereafter. - . I
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay. San Josw del i
Cabo, Mazatlan, Aitata. La Paz. Santa Rcsalla
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a, m., 7th of each |
month. . ;
For further Information obtain company .« j
The company reserves the right to char.g*
steamers, sailing dates and hours cf sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKFICE — » Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., On. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CQ.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
_po_R. r rj-__^isrD
From Spear-street Wharf at II a. m.
CADC $12 First Clas* including BerVi 1
lAnt $8 Second Clas* ana /Keai*^
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails .'..'
July 12. 22. Auj. 1
COLUMBIA sails , July 7. 17. IT. Aug. 6
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte, !
Helena and all points in the Northweit.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asent.
630 Market »t-.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP GOMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NOME,
PORT CLflflENGE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Pass«n-
eer Steamship
JOHN S, KIMBALL,
Twenty-fire hundred tons* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
120 Market »t-. San Francisco.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 133 POST ST.
irolisEN kaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailins.
ES. AMKRICA MARU
Friday, August 3. 1900
SS HONGKONG MARU 1
„ Wednesday. August 23. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU "....
Saturday. September 22. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr<»lcht and passage apply at company's office.
4"1 Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
nV T0HK. 80UTHA-PT0H. LONDON. P13IS.
Stopplntr at Cherboure. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m. |
St. Paul July WfNew York ...August S ¦
, St. Louis July 23 St. Paul August IJ '
I RED STA^ LINi.
N«W York; crjd AnUy*r-».
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland JuljjlSl Westernland .Aogust 1 j
Southwark July 2alKenslngtcn ..August S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery etreet.
C0MFAGME QEHERALE TRANSATLAN'TIQCZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Salllnc every Thursday instead of 4M?JCr\
Saturday, from November 2. 1SJ9. at -3**f«— *
10 a. m.. from Pi«r *'. North River, foci of
Morton st. LA BRKTAGNE. July 19; LA
CHAMPAGNE. July IS; LA TOURINE. August
2; L'AQl'ITAINE. August 9. First class to
Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class to ,
Havre, $i5 and upward: .*. per cent reduction ca '
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOrt
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
0CEA>~IC 8. S. CO.-HON'O-U-U, APIA
AUCKLAND A>*1> SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) t ¦
Wednesday. July 25 , J p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia.. "Wed.. Aug. 8. 8 p. m.
!. 0. 3PRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. il4 Uor.tgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FreightC-cs.327 Market SL ,
BAY AND ,BIVER STZAMZBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Ttmrs. ana Sat. at 9:« ,
»'. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. "night); Fri-
days, 1 P. m. ar.d S:30; Sundays. 10:3* a. m., »
l>. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15 0i
FARK 50c.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
(IORTH I -PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. I
Via i'ausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 13. 190*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. Y__LET |
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. '8:3i>. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.} i
12:43, '1:43. 3:15, 4:15. '3:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa !
Rafael, on Uondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays :
and Sundays, at 8:CO and 11 :_ p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:0O. »S:CO. "JiOO. •10:CC. 11:00. 11:10
a. m.; 12:45. *i:30. 2:30. 'SMS. S:00. 6:00, 7M ;
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua. :
_ Lya.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn. ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS— 3:25. •«:„, 7M, 4:40, 'lQ-M a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:_. •»:»). 4:30. 5:M p. m I
EXTRA TRIPS Mondays. Wednesdays !
"sCNDAYS— £:15. •S:CO. «9:— . •lLCOa. m.: *ltt» I
m.; l:C0. 2:13. •::*>, 4:30. *i:U, CO, J:». lo ;S !
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San) Qa»atln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:_. «:43. l.W. »:_ . 19:30 a.
in.; i::S5. 1:45. 1:45, 3:30. 4:S0. »:to p. r>
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* '
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:29 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:35.8:C5. 10:05. 11:18 a. m.: _•_,
1:20 2:30. »:«. 4:K. C:1S. 7:—. 18:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 _ — . week days r -Cajadero and way Bu-
ttons.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero aad way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays execpted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way ¦_•
tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations^
DIED.
Booth, Edgar Kinstry. Thomas T.
Buck, Georce Lauder, Alexandrlna
Cereghino, Mrs. C. Loughran, Mabel J.
Connell, Lillian M. Marsh. Henry F.
Cranz, Louise Nagel, Marie R.
Dobert. Henry C. Ostrowski. Carl C. B.
Francis, John B. Peterson. Thomas
Fritz, William H. llohrs, Fritz E.
Glnvannini, Louis A. Simon, Herrmann L.
Jacobsen, Christian Ktormneld, Chas. F.
A. T. Walsh. Joseph F.
BOOfH-In Oakland, July 17. 1900, at 520 Six-
teenth Etreet, Edgar, beloved child of Charles
S. and C. Lcrena Booth, a native of Oakland,
Cal.. aged 2 years 8 months and IS days.
BtTCIv— In this city. July 17, 1900, Georg-e,
dearly beloved husband of Mary A. Buck, and
father of Mamie L., George E. and David J.
Buck.
" ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CEREGHINO— In Halfmocn Bay. July 15. 1900,
Mrs. Caroline Cereghino, mother of Mrs. J.
Lercarl and Adeline, Dora and Joseph Cere-
ghino. and sister of J. de Benedetti. a native
of Italy, aged 47 years.
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3276 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets. where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNELL— In this city, July 15. 1900. at the
residence of her aunt. Mrs. A. C. Forsythe,
1324 Fulton street, Lillian Margaret, dearly
beloved and only child of John J.,»nd Minnie
Connell, and* granddaughter of the late Dan-
iel and Margaret Hagerty. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 11 years and S days.
ICFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the residence ot her aunt.
1324 Fulton street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church for services at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRANZ— In this city. July 16, 1300. Louise, be-
loved wife of T. D. Cranz, and mother of
Mrs E. W. Pare, Mrs. C. E. Washburn and
Dr. L. T. Cranz. a native of Holstein. Ger-
many, aped 56 years. (Los Angeles. Cal., and
Davenport. Iowa, papers please copy.)
ICTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the vestry
of the First Congregational Church, corner
Post and Mason Hret-ls. Cremation private in
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DOBERT— In this city. July 17. 1903, Henry
C. Dobert. a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged. 43 years 3 months and 3 days.
FRANCIS— In this city, July 17, 1&00. John B.
Francis, beloved husband of Kate Francis,
father of Marcel Francis, and brother of
Professor Louis Merki. a native of France,
need 10 years.
FRITZ— In this city. July 13, 1900. William
Harold, beloved and only son of William and
Mamie Fritz, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 vear and 0 months.
IP^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 260 Natoma street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIOVANNINI— In this city, July 16. 1900, Louis
Albert, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Giovannini. and brother of William P..
ThcreFa M., Attllio, Romeo and Paul Gio-
vannini. aged 4 years 3 months and 8 days.
C3 r Frif > nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parent?, 720 Thirteenth street, thence
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue. Interment Mount Calvary CemeUry-
JACOBSEX-ln this city. July 16. 1S00, Chris-
tian A. T. Jacobsen. beloved father of George
and Marie Jacobsen, and father-in-law of
Mrs. George Jacobsen, a native of Schleswif,
Ormanj 1 , aged 77 years 5 months and IS
days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. —545 Twenty-third street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, July 16. 1900. Charles
Oscar Johnson, beloved brother of Frank J.
Johnson, a native of Missouri, aged 37 years
(TT'Remains at the funeral parlnrs of
Charles H. Ja^ob & Co., 31S Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral private.
Interment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KINSTRY— In .Benicia. July 17. 1900, Thomas
T. Kinstry, a native of New York City, N.
Y.. aped so .years 11 months and 17 days.
C^FXiReral to-morrow (.Thursday).
LAUDER— In this city. July 17, 1900. Alexan-
drina Ina. dearly beloved wife of John Lau-
der. and loving mother of John. Mattie and
Elsie Ruth louder, a native of Aberdeen,
Scotland, aired 36 years 2 months and 11 days.
(T?" Fr It. (is and arrpiaintanres are resi»»et-
fully invited to attend the fuperal services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 13 Silver street. Interment
Cypress Lnwn Cemetery, via electric car from
Second and Bryant streets.
LOUGHRAN-In this city. July 17, 15W. Mabel
J., beloved sind only child of Thomas and
Jennie LouRhran. and granddaughter of
Frank and the late Man' McNally and Pat-
rick and the late Sarah Loughran, a native of
Bm Francisco, aged 3 years and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv!ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 12S Porry street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
M \RSH— In this city, July 17. 1900. Henry F.
Marsh, father of H. F. Marsh Jr., Fred D..
Charles C, J. Alfred and May D. Marsh and
Mr* Julia M. Lawton. a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 63 years 8 months and 15 days.
(.Boston papers please ropy.)
ICT'Funeral services to-morrow
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 2307 Howard
street. Interment private.
NAGEL— In this city. July 16, 1900, Marie
Rosalea Naeel, beloved, wife of J. Nagel,
mother of Mrs. W. Thomas and Josephine
Nagel and sister of Mrs*. J. Tanke, Mrs. N.
P.urken of Watsonville, Mrs. N. Britz of
Bakersfield and Mrs. A. Koehncke, a native
of Berlin, Germany, aged 41 years.
IE7Friends and aequaintancps are respect-
'ully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence! lllC 1 - Bryant street, thence to St.
Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church, 1419
Howard street, where services will be held,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
OSTROWSICI— In this city. July 16, 1900, Carl
C B. Ostrowski. dearly beloved husband of
Rosie Ostrowskl, and father of Freddie,
Charlie, Mary. Rosie, Wilhelmlna and Albert
Ostrowskl, a native of Germany, aged 42
years 10 months and ~> days. A member of
Court Hubertus No. 13. F. of A.
[ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1203 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to ft. Boniface's Chnrch.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, for
services, commpneinfj at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemrtery.
PETERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17. 1M)Q. Thomas Peterson, a native of
Denmark. ai:ed 66 years.
ROHRS— In Oakland, July 17, 1900, Fritz E.
Rohrs. a native of Altenau, Germany, aged
S6 years 8 months and 9 days.
SIMON— In this city. July — . 1000. Herrmann
Louis, beloved lather of Louis and Alfred
Simon, Mrs Lionel Heynemann and Anna
Simon, a native of Germany, aged 65 years S
months and 4 days.
CT'Frierids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at U:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1619 Pine street. Intefroent Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
STORMFIELD— In this "city. July 16. 1DO0,
Charles F., beloved husband of Annie Storm-
field, and father of Frank and Oscar Storm-
fleld and Mrs. Christine Walcott, a native of
Sweden, aged 69 years 0 months and 16 days.
(Utah papers please copy.)
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:13 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
1C. B. — Officers and members of Valley L odge
No. 30. A. O. U. W.. are respectfully Invited
to Rttond J. H. P. GEDGE. M. W.
T. H. LORD, Recorder.
•WALSH— In this city, July 16. 1900. Joseph
Francis, dearly beloved and only son of Mar-
tin and Mary Walsh, and beloved brother of
Mary T. and Helen , K. Walsh, a native of
S.in Francisco, aged 15 years 7 months and la
days.
l_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resl-
of hU parents, 149 Silver street, thence to St.
nose's Church, where a solemn requiem maps
will be cflebrated for *he repose of his soul,
commencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary .Cemetery.
by the Rev. J, Fuendeling, Johannes H. Ch.
Mews and Johanna Carolina D. Starrier.
PALMER— HAMBRIGHT— In this city. July 16,
1900, by the Rev. A. J. Wells, • 'Willis Hartman
Palmer _id Mary Elizabeth Hambright, both
of Oakland.
WALTON'-\VILLISEX-In this city, July 16,
IMC, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller. Sylvester
Walton and Ida May >Villlsen, both of San
Krancisco.
SAILBOAT* TEAVEL.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CREMATION
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF AN?
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop. ,
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
la $30. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
9.4-10.8
Means 9 a. m. to go clear
to Chicagoor Kansas City;
4:10 p.m. to go to Stock-
ton, and 8 p. m. for Fresno
or Bakersfield.
Sleepers to sleep inand
chairs to recline in and a
diner to eat in on the Over-
land Express. They'll tell
ail about it at 628 Market
st., or in our office, Ferry
Depot.
_£ _£ «^5
SANTA FE TRAINS.
>OOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
WOODWArtD ave., 33. bet. Thirteenth anc
Fourteenth, Valencia ard Mission ets. — Nlcelj
furnished or unfurnished room.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch if flee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anc
futiFcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va
lencia st.
IIOOMS AXU BOARD.
A^plic^IA^r<^7"to^acheVs7^^^e^tToiSiT}^a7
tractive Interior and table. £07 California st.
LAS PALMAS. 1K20 Market st.— Suite pi 2 cr I
rrr.s.: private; bath: Fin, rms.: board optional
specIal aotices.
THE Girls*' Directory Orphan Asylum cive;
r.'ifif-e that the following orphan, half-orphan
abandoned cfciMrcn and foundling* havi
been r€ceiv«d in the orphanase from Decem
ber Jl, ISO?, to June 30, 1900: Mary Kills
worth. 7 years 1 month: Annetta, 11 years '.
monthe, and Mary Coales. 6 year?; Elsie. V
>_ ira 4 months. Ethel. 10 years 4 months, anc
L U!i<? Coletnan. 11 years 2 months; Ella, "yean
6 months and Muriel Dunn, 4 years 6 months
Bertha. 7 years and Mabel Slvereten, 8 yean
6 months; Ida Derham, 9 years 8 menths; Ids
Rorra, 3 years 7 months; Margaret Spracltling
7 years 3 months: Ruth Hurbert, 3 years •
months; Maria Cline. 3 years; Mary. 7 years
Ar.nie. 4 years, and Margaret Harrigan. 2 jr«ari
Queenie Denny, 7 years 6 months; Mary St
Dennis, 2 years 4 months; Annie. 6 years 1'
months, Francis, b years 4 months, and Em
rea Kiel. 4 year?; Irene, 2 years. Evallne, !
years, Kate, 4 years, and Margaret Hurley, :
yars; Theresa. 3 years and May Skelley, !
years; Mary Ryan. 6 years 1 month; Aneel:
Anderson. 3 years: Sarah Ulrich. 9 years i
months; Irene Hughes. 3 years 4 months
Laura Lar.e. 7 yoais 5 months; Emma Spreck
les. 15 years 4 months; Alice Manhelm, !
years 6 months; Francis Lyons, 12 years !
months; Florence Hughes, S years 2 months
Harry Coleman. 7 years 10 months: Johi
Keeley. 3 years 2 months; Harry Maddox, I
years 9 months; Jchn Johnson, 7 years; Ches
t«"r Roman. 6 years; George Sivertsen.
year* <S month?; George Tribon, 2 years :
month* ; Francis Pratius, 6 years months
I Frank Hunt, 3 years 2 months; Charles Haldt
' 2 years 6 months: William MeCollou*h, ;
' years 9 months; Walter O'Farrell, 1 year ;
¦ months: Louts Monge, 9 years; Harold,
years, and ndward Cline, 2 years 6 months
William Harrigan, u years 6 months; Thjma:
Kurran, 2 years, n months; Willie. 3 years
J months, and Edward Lane, 5 years; Gecnj.
Gonzales, 7 years 3 months: John Ulrich, i
years 1 month; Joseph Basana, 4 year.»; Wil
liam Sutt. 3 menths; Thomas McLauchlin. !
years 7 months; Paul Vaudoor, 4 years 1
menths.
NOTICK.— The Secretary of the San Franclsc<
Protestant Orphan Society herewith gives no
tice that the following orphan and half-or
Than girls and boys have been received at th<
asylum, on Haight St., from January 1, 1900
to" July 1. 1900: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. I
mos.: Maggie Green. 15 yrs.: Margaret S
Alexander. 7 yrs. 9 mos. ; Amelia Rasmussen
7 yrs. : Rose Rasmussen, 1 yr. 9 mos. : Mabe
Gorden. 9 yrs. 11 mos.; Helen W. Bosch, f
yrs. 3 mos. ; Florence J. Bosch. 3 yrs. 5 mos.
Vivian Anderson, 7 yr?.: Edna Anderson. !
yrs. 10 mos.; Rosie Smith, 3 yrs.; Liliat
Fhenk. 11 yrs.; Clara Shenk, 9 yrs.; Estells
Fhenk. 5 yrs. : Annie Shenk, 1 yr. 10 mos.
Agnes Kelly. 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Florence Kelly. I
yrs. George A. Heid, 10 yrs. ; Duncan Mc-
Lean, 7 yrs.: Clarence D. Alexander. 9 yrs. !
mos. : Robert Alexander.. 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Car
Glecke. 8 yrs. 6 mos. : Joseph Geary, 5 yrs. li
mot. : Carl Morse, 7 yrs. : William McK. Gor
den. 4 yrs.: George E. Bosch. 10 yrs. 2 mos.
Frank Bosch. 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; Charles Bosch, !
: yrs. 2 mos. : Edward Anderson. 9 yrs. 9 mos.
; Percy Smith. 9 yrs. 1 mo.; Walter Smith. I
f yrs.; Joseph Smith. 5 yrs. 11 me?:: Laurenct
Davis. 6 yrs. 9 mos.; Chester Davis. 4 yrs. I
mos.; Philip Kelly, S yrs. 5 mos., and Johi
Primus, 11 yrs. J wo?.
BAD tenants ejected fcr M: collections made
city or country. PACIFIC OOLLEOTIO>
CO., 415 Montcomery st. , rooms 9-10; tel. 5j?0
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklj
Call. IS ra«^s. sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for XI
I FeWIXG MACIUM2S AMI SUl'I'LI—S
ALL. kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
anteed. Chas. I'lambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented
! repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STOkAGE AXU WAHEHOISES.
i WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covere(
] vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
j pany. 1310 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
BISKXXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission sL
tel. Main 1^40— Packing, moving and storage
TVFEWIUTEUS AM> SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITElfs— We
pell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewritei
Exchange. £36 CalifcrrWa, telephone Main 266.
A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for $50. RE-
VALK. 409 California Ft.
FRUITVAIE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl"ITVA-B IlEAL, ESTATE.
TO LET— On High st.. Frultvale. 30 acres ol
land, with house and large barn; good water.
Apply ADOLPH UXGER. 322 Montgomery Et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
OAKLAND' ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$17ft0_COST $2500.
Fine cottage, 5 rooms, bath; first-class order:
high rjasement, cement walk; street work com-
plete; 3 blocks from local train: close to cars,
schools and business center; genuine snap; first
come, first served; terms.
J. B. METERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
San Pablo ave. and —th st.: Colonial house, ',
rooms; very neat In every particular: double
parlors; unique designs in finish; up-to-date;
nothing lacking: see it; its location to business
center make* it very desirable; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for |l.
postage paid.
OAKLAND Fl'RMTlRB FOR SAL—.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (fifty
rents per share) of the Oceanic Steamshic
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market et., on and after
WEDNESDAY. August 1. lMn. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. July 26. 1900,
at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (twenty-
five cents per .share) of the Hutehinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Friday. July 20th, 1990. » Transfer books
will clcse on Saturday. July 14th, 1S00, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
FrankMn L. Colton. 21, city, and Emma J.
Ehrniar!, "1, city.
Ojnrad Foert» ch. 47. HT> Fourth street, and
Ad«linp BoFChei.. Zi. 31G Socor.d avenue.
Char la A. Eldridge, 28. Stockton, and
Blanche E. Tyo. 22. Btocktoo.
Charles Pointer. 22. VJL Mission etreet, and
Mary A. Flanagan. 23. city.
William C. Grant, rs, Oakland, and Bessie
M, Greene, 23. Oakland.
Kranci? >, CoU-s. 26. 712 McAllister street,
and Katharine C. Krandl<>in. 23. 314 Fillmore-.
Fred C. Ptein^r. IC. Santa Rosa, and Bertha
E . , Htln. I€. city.
William F. Stanley, 22. s?9 Pine street, and
Eliza .1. Xlchoi*. 2.\ US Twelfth street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mali wlli not l>e Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLINS— In this city. July 16. 1300. to the
wife Of Michael Collins, a daughter.
KAHX— In this city, July 13, 1900, to the wife
of M. M. Kahn. a son.
NICOLAS— In this city. July 17. 1900. to the
wife of L. Nicolas, a daughter.
ROBEBTS-In thi« city, July 14, 1S00, to the
wife «>f A. E. Roberts, a son.
ZIMMER— In this city, July 16. liOO, to the
wife of Arthur O. Zlmmer. a son.
________
HARRISON-PEJOT— In Oakland. July 9, 1300,
by the Rev. C. Sharp, A. Edward Harrison
of San Francisco and Theresa J_ ' Pejot of
Alameda.
HEINICKE— MILLER— In this city. July 13,
1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, William F.
Heinlclte and Annie H. Miller.
MEWS-STAMER— In _• city. July 14, 1900,New Public Heading Boon.
The Supervisors* Public Buildings Com
mittee recommended to the Beard of Pub-
The Prettiest Yet
Are the shapes and finishes of our- new
frame?, just received- Exquisite designs
In oval, square and other«odd shapes; fin
ished in dead black, grays and greens,
with the daintiest gold top ornaments and
festoonings; fitted complete, with gold
beaded mats to match, at Sanborn
& Vall's, 741 Market 5t. •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Daisy Bell Gardner against Walter A.
Gardner for cruelty; by Grace M. Dick
man against Charles J. Dickman on statu
tory grounds: Bessie La Pier against Fay
ette La Pier for failure to provide: Bertha
E. Manuel against Frank Manuel for fail
ure to provide; Rosle McCarty against
Joseph McCartj* for desertion: Alice
Chandler against Joseph B." Chandler for
desertion, and Anton A. Ulrich against
Fannie Ulrich for desertion.
Fell Asleep While on Duty — Sergeant
Price's Appeal Is Partly
>,; ; Heard.
The Police Commissioners last night dis
missed ' Officer Charles Green -from -the
force for falling to answer to two alarms
of fire on July 4 and also for falling asleep
while, on duty. After the verdict of the
Commissioners was rendered. Green un
pinned his star and threw it on the floor
at the- feet of President Newhall.
Special Officer William Mullaney was
relieved of his star for plying Regular Of
tlcer Henry Smith with whisky while the
last named was onduty. Smith was fined
$100 at the last meeting for accepting the
liquor from the special.
Detectives Thomas Gibson and Egan
filed written charges against Leo Franks,
¦who conducts a saloon at 2S2 O'Farrell
street, accusing him of refusing to give
them information concerning the stabbing
of James -Turner by his mistress, and en
deavoring to hide the knife used by the
Infuriated woman. The stabbing occurred
in Franks' saloon, but when questioned by
the detectives -he stoutly maintained that
he knew nothing about it. He also at
tempted to mislead the detectives by giv
ing them a wrong description of the
woman. After listening to a mass of evi
dence, the Commissioners decided not to
revoke Franks' license, but warned him to
be more discreet in the future.
The petition of Serjeant Price to be re
stored to the rank of lieutenant was then
taken up. .President • Newhall did not
think that the Commissioners had any
right to Interfere in the matter. He said
that he was led to believe. that. Price was
disrated because he failed to exercise the
proper authority over the men.
Commissioner McNutt declared that' In
his opinion the Commissioners should
not Interfere with the acts of the previous
board in disrating certain members of the
force. He was unalterably opposed to re
instating expelled or disrated members of.
the departments
After some further discussion it was de
cided to thoroughly Investigate the dls
ratinsr of Price at.the next meeting of the
board. * •• "'^0sS^sS^3^^^i^^fk
POLICEMAN GREEN THROWS
STAR AT NEWHALL'S FEET
Thieves are again operating at North
Beach. Two complaints of burglaries have
recently been received at the California
street police station and in one of the
cases the amount stolen aggregates hun
dreds of dollars.
J. C. Astredo of 914 Vallejo street vis
ited the country with his family about a
month ago. He locked up his house and
thotignt he had left everything secure.
Last Friday evening he returned and
upon entering the house discovered that
thieves had been there In his absence.
The building had been ransacked from
basement to garret and everything of
value taken.
Astredo. reported the matter to the po
lice that evening. The officers sent to in
vestigate the matter think from the de
scription of some of the articles stolen
that the thieves must have backed an
express wagon up to the door and carted
their plunder away. All the silverware
and jewelry in the house to the amount
of several hundred dollars was stolen, a
number of valuable skins and rugs ani
some furniture.
While Mrs. Rose Granzelle of 640 Bay
street was visltlnpr a friend on Friday
afternoon thieves entered her home an<l
ransacked the premises. All of value they
secured was $5 In coin. She reported the
matter that night to the police.
While J. C. Astredo "Was in Country
His Home Was Entered — Crooks
Worked During Mrs. Gran
zelle's Absence.
Bold Work of Thieves on
North Beach Reported
to Police.
FOUND HOUSE
LOOTED WHEN
HE RETURNED
lie "Works yesterday that the quarter*
now occupied by the Street Departmenv
In the City Hall be set aside for a read
ing room for the Free Public Library.
Says Actor Stole Her Diamonds.
Maggie McCarthy, 33 Fifth street, swore
out a warrant In Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Val Tralnor,
an actor, on the charge of petty larceny.
She accuses him of stealing her diamond
earrinps and diamond ring, valued at $40.
on June 39. Tralnor was last heard of in
Gra^s Valley.
ARMY SOCIETY HONORS
DISTINGUISHED GUEST
Reception Given to Surgeon General
Steinberg in the Maple Room,
Palace Hotel.
A reception was given to Surgeon Gen
eral George M. Sternberg of the United
States army by Colonel Forward, chief
surgeon of the Department of California,
last night In the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel. It was attended by one hundred
and twenty guests, most of them being
army officers and their wives and daugh
ters.
The hall was decorated with ferns, pot
ted palms, American Beauty and La
France roses and marigolds. Music was
furnished by the Third Artillery band.
Refreshments were served and dancing
was enjoyed until midnight. The follow
ing named were present:
Major General "W. R. Shatter, Mrs McKltt
rlck. Colonel Forward. Captain E. T. WlUon
Captain and Mrs. Shaw. Captain andMrs.Rura
bauKh, Major and Mrs. Rucker, Captain and
Mrs. Coxe, the Misses Coxe, Major and Mrs
Pratt, the Misses Pratt, Captain A B Dyer'
Captain an-1 Mrs. Shaw. Captain and Mrs. Rum
!??" 8 ,\.M?. a3or ,? nd - Mrs - Ituck< *r. Captain and
Mrs. W illiara H. Wilson, Mrs George A Skin
tifr. Captain and Mrs. Danes, Colonel and Mrs
Morclecal. MIm Morrlecal, Captain and Mrs*
Charles II. Clark, Colonel and Mrs. J V D
Mlddleton. Major and Mrs. William A. Arthur
Colonel and Mrs. Rawles. Miss Rawles Mrs'
Gavin McNab, Mrs. Heizmann. Major Samuel
O. L». Potter, Edward Allen. Dr. and Mrs
Southard, Dr. and Mrs. Winterberg. Major and
Mrs. Lorinsr. Miss I,orinff. Mr. and Mrs. Power
Colonel and Mrs. Rawles, Miss Rawles Mrs!
rrecman. Miss Freeman, Colonel and Mrs
Pope. Lieutenant Henry E. Wetherlll. Colonel
and Mrs. Marshall, the Misses Marshall Col
onel and Mrs. Glrard. Mrs. Ross L. Bush
Lieutenant C. C. Collins. Mrs. Wllliard Hol
brook. Major and Mrs. Frank West. Dr and
Mr*. J. J. Klnyoun, Dr. and Mrs. J. B. Cutter
Mrs. John A. Baldwin. Captain and Mrs. A. O*
C. Ord. Mrs. Storme. Major and Mrs J D
Hall. Dr. Wright. Mr. and Mrs. W. H " Awry
.the Misses Thompson, JIIfs Eleanor Croudace'
Major and Mrs. Morton, the Misses Allen. Dr
and Mrs. Anderson, Dr. W. Hoefner Wlnter
berff. Neal Power, General and Mrs. Seamans,
Mrs. George W« Mclvers. Dr. and Mrs il C
Lane. Dr. William R. Dorr, Major and Mrs'
Krauthoff, Dr. Kerr. Dr. Lumsden. Colonel and
Mrs. Smedberg, Miss Smedberp. Dr. and Mrs.
Osborne, Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Dorr, Mrs
Thomas U. Raymond. Colonel and Mrs. Bald
win, Mrs. F. II. Loughead, George W. Fletcher
and Colonel F. E. Beck.
Surgeon General Sternberg will make a
tour of Inspection through the general
hospital at the Presidio to-day, and win
leave to-i*orrow for his home in Wash
ington.
Sunday afternoon as it was struggling to
reach the shelter of a little cove. Tha
awful accident occurred within plain view
of four men, but owing to the fact that
their own craft had been disabled by the
heavy wind, compelling them to run in
under the lee of Angel Island for repairs,
they were unable to make any attempt at
rescue, even if that had been possible.
In fact the disaster occurred so quickly
that the four men on the opposite sld"e
of the straits were for the time being
uncertain whether the little craft with
Its two occupants had gone to the bottom
BELVEDERE. July 17.— It is prac
tically certain that Miss Besfc'e
Warren and Tobias J. Kelly lost
their lives beneath the turbulent
waters cf Raccoon Straits, through
which when last seen they were endeav
oring to make their way in a frail cat
boat. Almost the last shadow of doubt
as to the fate of the young people was
dissipated to-day when two reliable wit
nesses appeared and told a story of hav
ing seen a boat containing a man and a
woman suddenly swallowed by the waves
VICTIMS OF THE UNFORTUNATE ACCIDENT AND A WIT
NESS OF THE DEOWNING.
Demands Divorce From Her Hus
band, the Well-Known Artist
and Club Man.
Mrs. Grace M. Dickman <nee Patterson)
filed suit yesterday for a divorce from her!
husband, Charles J. Dickman. artist. Bo- I
htfmian. club man and former senior part
ner in the Dickman-Jones Lithographing
Company. Th»» attorneys hinted at failure
to provide as the cause of action, but It
is said by others acquainted with the cou
ple that there are other grounds. The pa
pers are under f=eal.
Three years apro Mr. and Mrs. Dickman I
went to Paris, where the former stud- i
ied art. Mrs. Dickman returned to her |
home In this city About two years ago, i
but Piokman Is still residing in Paris so !
far as is known. He is especially well j
known in the world of art. his pictures
ofttimes being socn In the Paris Salon.
On one occasion he won the Grand Prix.
Mn=. Dickman was MIfs Grace Patter- I
pon. a daughter of Mrs. Dohrmann. Pret- j
ty and talented. f=he occupied an enviable !
position in society. In consequence, her j
action for divorce will attract more than
usual attention whr-n it is called for hear
ing.
GRACE M. DICKMAN SUES
TO LOOSE MARITAL TIE
or had disappeared around the point.
There can hardly be any question, how
ever, |n view of all the circumstances,
that the boat was lost and that its two
unfortunate passengers who shared us
fate were the missing daughter of Con
tractor Charles A. Warren and the young
clubman, Tobias J. Kelly, who was her
escort on that lamentable trip on the bay.
Carl F. Seifert. a cigarmaker, residing
at 4145 Twenty-third street, San Fran
cisco, was the first to tell the story of the
drowning and he declares that he and
three companions were eye-witnesses to
the silent tragedy. The others were Fel.'x
Lesterhan of Chesley street. Emmet Cuni
merford of 2736 Folsom street and H. Per
renaud of 3269 Twenty-fourth street, a!l
of. San Francisco. These four started
from Fourth-street wharf in the Whirl
wind, the queer craft formerly owned by
the late E. A. von Schmidt, for a day's
fishing. A gale was blowing outside and
before they reached their destination the
gaff snapped short off and they were com
pelled to put back. They dropped anchor
under the lee of Hospital Point. Angel
Island, and started to repair damages. It
was while thus engaged that they wit
nessed the sinking of the little craft with
a man and a woman, supposed to have
been Miss Warren and Kelly, aboard.
Self ert says:
"It all happened so quickly that it is
hard to realize that we may have seen
those two young people drowned not half
a mile from where their friends were. We
started out from Fourth-street wharf
early Sunday morning. We went outside
the heads for a while and then as the
wind was blowing so stiff we put the boat
about and ran into the smooth water un
der the lee of Hospital Point on Angel
Island. You T can se,e what that sou'
wester was like when I tell you that our
jib was blown clean away as we came
down the bay, and our gaff snapped like a
pipestem just as we came up into the
wind off Tiburon. We ran down the Rac
coon Straits to Hospital Cove and put
in there to lie by till we could repair the
damages.
"We had not been there more than- an
hour or so when Lesterhan called my at
tention to a catboat on the opposite side
of the straits, off Lyfords Tower Point.
She was acting so strangely that we all
quit our work to watch what the fellow
handling her was trying to do. As she
rounded the Tower Point she headed In
for Lyfords Cove. We got a good view
of her then and I saw a man and a wo
man in the stern. She ran so close in
shore that we all thought she would run
aground. I think the man was trying to
get in under the lee of the point. Then all
of a sudden Losterhan hollered, 'Down!'
"We all looked at where we last saw
her and she was gone. It was then some
time between 12 and 2 o'clock. Then a
yacht, 1 think t'he Paul, hove in sight,
heading up the river. We hailed her and
tried to tell her crew what we had just
seen and get them to go over there. They
thought we were joshing, I guess, and
stood right on.' We could not get over be
cause of our broken gaff. Right after
that a yacht and a gasoline launch went
through the straits. They evidently saw
nothing, for they kept right on. I wanted
to put into Tiburon and tell of what we
had seen. Lesterhan said, 'No; it might
have been a false alarm, and if she had
gone down we would see about It in the
newspapers.' I did not think much mor«»
of it till to-day when I read about it in
The Call. I came right over to San Fran
cisco from Oakland, where I had gone to
look for work, and went up to William
• Warren's office. He brought me over here
with him."
Perrenaud gave the same account of the
accident as Seifert. He says they saw a
white sail show up distinctly for a mo
ment against the dark sea and then it
seemed to lie quite flat on the water for
the space of a second or so. Then It dis
appeared. All in the' boat strained their
eyes to get another view of it, but that
was the last they saw. Had the boat not
sunk those on the Whirlwind must have
seen her again.
Up till 5 o'clock to-night, when Mr.
Warren was informed of • to-day's sensa
tional developments, culminating in the
almost certain fact that his only daugh
ter and her escort have been drowned,
the contractor still hoped against hope.
Now. however, he fears that there is no
choice left him but to share the belief of
all Belvedere. To-morrow morning drags
and grappling Irons will search the bot
tom of the cove where the bodies are
said to be and put all doubt as to the re
sult of Sunday's boat ride to an end.
Seifert got up to Warren's office at 232
Montgomery street at about 3 o'clock this
afternoon. • William Warren, brother of
the missing' elrl, who had Just' taken Mrs.
Warron, whose condition is quite serious,
to San Francisco, brought him over to
Tlburon and to-morrow morning the
launches Norwood and MacNelll will drag
the waters of Lyfords Cove to bring to
light what all Belvedere now fears Its
waters cover.
Lyfords Cove is a little bay just around
the point from the California Northwest
ern Ttailwav Compnnyls wharf at Tiburon.
It is formed, by two rocky capes, on one
of which is built the tower and gates
which mark the entrance to Dr. Lyford's
property and are conspicuous landmarks.
The water is about three fathoms deep in
the shallowest part. The tide which
races through the narrow Raccoon Straits
like a millrace forms here a back eddy
and any object sunk' in the cove would
probably be retained there this
cause. All the old-timers here agree that
this is the most probable place for the
boat to have sunk.
Early this morning th<> launches which
took up the hunt yesterday again started
out. only t£> return' after a search of the
most careful character, without a shred
of evidence that might give a lead on the
whereabouts of the missing. s Charles A.
Warren, the lost girl's father, went with
Charley MacKelll on the latter's launch
MacNelll.- Mr. Warren returned to San
Francisco to-night wearied and depressed
by his non-success. Mrs. Warren and her
sister. Miss Smith, left Belvedere for their
town house. 2215 Van Ness avenue, on the
11:30 boat this morning. To-morrow. morn-
Ing Mr. -Warren will be over and, together
with his son .William, direct the dragging
party. The launches , Brisk and Envoy
were also chartered to aid in to-day's
search. The large lifebuoy, which many
thought might have floated In case the
catboat sank, was attached to the craft,
so this explains its non-appearance. Every
one here lays the blame for the disaster
on the tremendous amount— 600 pounds — of
shipping ballast she carried. ..%
The boat seen and hailed by Seifert was
the Seablrd of Tlburon, and not the yacht
Paul, as he reported. The' Paul was off
Sausallto on, Sunday/afternoon, but the
Seablrd was cruising off Hospital Point
with a large fishing party on board.
Mrs. Warren was not : told- to-day of
¦what ; Self ert and his companions said they
had seen, as her condition Is precarious
and it Is feared that the nervous shock
mlght v produce serious consequences. ¦
Two Men Declare
a Craft With a
Man and Woman
Aboard Went
Down in Rac
coon Straits.
SAW A BOAT SINK IN
THE RAGING WATERS
J. Harold Wcl.b-Feploe, alias J. J. A.
Powell, alia? Preston, la in the- tanks at
the City Prison awaiting his . extraditicn
to Ouray, Colo, en a charge of larceny as
a bailee and another of embezzlement.
In the beginning of May last Chief of
Police Fulilvan leceived a letter from At
torney Thomas Y. Hradshaw cf Ouray
asking that WV-bb-Peploe be arrestei. a.s
he had defrauded the writer out of from
JSOO to flOOO. Webb-Peplot' had a wife and
family in Richmond. Va.. and another
wife in Ouray, Hradshaw wrote.
According to Hradshaw \Y>hl>-Pcrl°P Is
a lawyer by profession. He was formerly
of Maryland and later of Rirnrr.ond. Vs..
¦where he left !iis wife and family in July,
19%, and went to South Africa. He arrivea
In Ouray in January. 1838, where he prac
ticed law. He married aprnin there, but
disappeared in January last, leaving bo
hind his second wife.
Detective Byram, who was detailed tin
the case by Captain Seymour," found that
under the name of J. A. PreFton the miss
ing Webb-Peploe had conducted a cigar
ft ore at 1191 Market street.
Learning that he was wanted. Webb-
Peploe railed on Captain Seymour on Sun
day nipht and was placed in the tanks
awaiting fxtradltion. The lawyer admits
having marrifd twice, but says he heard
Sn South Africa that his Richmond wife
had died.
He Has Two Wives Living and Is
Also Accused of Larceny as
a Bailee and of Em
bezzlement.
J. Harold Webb-Peploe, Late
of Ouray, Colo., in
the Tanks.
LAWYER WANTED
FOR BEING TOO
OFTEN MARRIED
Plans Under Discussion to Further
• the Interests of the Organization.
Some Excellent Papers
Are Bead.
The first annual convention of the Cali
fornia j State Stenographers' Association
was opened by President L. E. Bontz of
San Jcse In the Marble room of the Palace
Hotel yesterday morning. Only about a
score of the members were present, but
what wa's lacking in numbers was made
up in enthusiasm. The membership of
the organization is made up of otticlal
court reporters from all parts of the State,
banded together for mutual benefit and
to regulate the price of their services so
that it will be uniform throughout the
State.
Ex-Congressman Charles A. Sumner,
who was formerly omclal reporter for the
Supreme Court, maae the opening address,
winch was largely reminiscent and en
joyable. The members lost no .time In
getting down to business. With one ex
ception tne members appointed to read
papers responded heartuy, ana the ideas
they advanced were taKen up and thor
ougnly discussed by their lellow members.
One ot the papers that provoked discus
sion was that or W. K. Strong of Eureka
on "borne Phases of Shorthand Legisla
tion." He expressea the opinion thai un
til the official court stenographers could
agree among themselves upon some stan
aard of compensation either on the per
diem or fee system no good legislation
could be secured. The writer believed
that the court reporter ought to be Inde
pendent of politics, and tnat before his
appointment he ought .to be required to
pass an examination held by a State
board and thereafter hold 'his- position
during good behavior and efficiency.
This paper provoked so much discus
sion and so many suggestions were ad
vanced that it was decided to turn the
whole matter over to a committee, which
will prepare a report. C F. Whitton of
Oakland. Charles H. Adams of Santa Rosa
and E. A. Girvin were appointed by the
chair to act on the committee. They will
report this afternoon.
The subject of "The Country Reporter"
was nicely handled by Fred J. Brownlee
of Redding, who described in a humorous
way the varied duties of the shorthand
man who has a large and thinly settled
section all to himself. "Technical Report
ing" was a paper read by J. L. Holland
of this city that furnished considerable
amusement. H. A. Jones related "Some
Recollections," Ernest A. Girvin dis
cussed "Supreme Court .Reporting," L. E.
Bontz of San Jose had some suggestions
to offer as to the "Benefits of Organiza
tion" and J. E. Rich of San Bernardino
told an interesting story about "Report
ing Coroner's Inquests;" A paper that
provoked considerable discussion was that
of William Held Jr. of Ukiah on "Salary
vs. Per Diem for Court Reporters."
The convention will meet again this
morning and will be in session all day.
In the evening the visiting members of
the craft will be banqueted by the local
members. The programme for to-day In
cludes a paper on "Shorthand as a Step
ping Stone," by George W. Smith of San
Francisco. <,
Members of the Craft Gath
ered Here in Annual
Convention.
OFFICIAL COURT
STENOGRAPHERS
ARE IN SESSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 18, 1900.
12
FOR $98,
4- Room Furniture
BEDROOM— Bedroom »et. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 Kood Wire Spring. 1 rood Top Mattress. 1
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR— & pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Set.
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
. Open Erenings.
( Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove. 2
Chairs.
No extra charge on credit.
— MAKK TOUR OTVX TERMS. —
DR.MCMJLTY.
n^HIS WE1X-KXOW.N AND RELIABT.EOI-D
X Specialist cures Private. Nervous, ami Blood Di»-
frtscs ot Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
¦\Ve:il£iie«<>sof Men.free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
PatlenwcarertAt Home. Term* reasonable. Roum9
to3d.-i!ly:&30toS::O ev'gs. Sunday*. WtftlZ. Consul-
tation free and Micredlv confidential. Call. or address
P. KOMCOK31e.VUI.TY, M.l>.
ftGli Kearny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
POTT C LI 17 Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDXlU OllXLlO er3 > bootblacks, bath-
botiaes. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners- »allors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramonto St
Great Cut Price %i\£
China
Crockery
Giassware
Silver Plated Ware
20 P er cent, off Dinner Sets
2O P"" off Jardinieres
20 P er cen *. off Clocks *
2O P 61 * cent - °H Glassware
20 P er cent - °tf Lamps
Q O P sr cent, off Knives, Forks, Spoons
Hlzh Grade Silver flatcd Ware
3O P~ r ccnt - °ff &U Odds and Ends
Crey Enameled Ware, prices a* ay dowa
Tcble Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
4-4 piece Dinner Set, S3.OO
Go piece Dinner Set, S4.4O
loo piece Dinner Set, $C 00
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35. 40. 45, 5 5. 7 5, €»q ct». per 8<t
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
3. 10. 15, ao. »s eta, each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45. 5». 65. 75, <>«.» ctw, per Set
COtli; .UTHT T*» SF.R
Good Time and place to Bay
lireat American terGm Ta'Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
SlO-212 Gr^nt Ave. <Bet. Butter and Pn.«
?t^ 1 J a ?. e V ?t - MS -Third St.
1115 PoJk St. : -,:t Montgomery Ava
»1« Mission St. 705 Larkin St
X?iJ ! *«r2. lh St - »» Devtikdero St.
l^o N i?, t . h Sr c 4Ti Ha! K ht St.
2T0S Fll'more St. ks; mission St.
J2 Market Et. 2733 *«h St. ' 1
OAKLAND STORES. •»*
!!£? WMhlnrton St . o , E 12th g
1j!0 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alameto.
B St.. near 4th, San Rafael.
Within a year eight b^et-sugar factories
have been built In Michigan.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Commencing MONDAY, Julu 16th, we will
Dlace on sale the following EXTRAORDINARY
BARGAINS,
Our entire Stock of FINE FRENCH WOOL CHALYS, Doth
printed and plain, all this season's Importation and
all beautiful designs.
Reduced to 50c yard.
3 cases (60 pieces) NEW CAMEL'S-HAIR HOMESPUN
CHEVIOTS, 54 inches in width, In 8 different shades
of grau.
Price $1.00 yard.
Regular value $1.5O.
Our entire stock of choice SCOTCH CHEVIOTS and
MADRAS CLOTHS, In checks, stripes and plaids.
/ Reduced to 8*0.
Former prices 15c, 2Oc and 25c
2 cases NEW FEATHER BOAS (extra gualltu), In graus,
hlacks and natural; 36, 45, 54 and 72 inches in
length.
Prices $7 to $25 each.
500 dozen LADIES' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, all hemstitched, tooth laundered and
unlaundered, Initialed and embroidered.
Price 15c each.
NOTE.
Our customers are reauested to write for samples of
CHALYS, HOMESPUNS, CHE'VIOTS and. MADRAS CLOTHS
promptly while the assortment is complete.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I . Union ,/quapi^ >\ve #
The
Banner
• • • in • • •
Price=
Making!
Yes?
$18 and 620 Values,
The Price.
We show no mercy
when we beQin' to cut.
We've too many fine
suits; they've §ot to do ;
hence the price,
Picture to yourself the
swellest of clothes, the
handsomest of imported
silk worsteds in those
stone grey effects, neat
stripes; also the plain
staple blues and blacks ;
suits that are worth $18
to $20 at any time ; suits
made with broad shoul-
ders.
You know how we build
our clothes ?
Remember the price,