BY OLIVER H. F\ BELMONT.
Mr. Belmont Says the Correction Will Get Down
to Business To-Day and Lose No Time in Indors
ing the Views of Bryan on Silver
PLATFORM WILL CONTAIN
STRAIGHT-OUT 16 TO 1 PLANK
William Jennings Bryan, Who Will Be the Democratic
Standard Bearer on the 16 to 1 Platform,
came Arthur B. Tarpey and Al McCabo
carrying handsome silk bear flags; then
the delegates at large, the Hawaiian dele
gation, the California district delegates,
alternates and friends. As the delega
tion proceeded to the convention it sang
its new California campaign song and re
ceived a general round, of applause for
the effort. . '; ¦
The banners of the two delegations at
tracted wide attention. They are by all
odds the handsomest banners here, and
are always surrounded by admiring
throngs, and one hears ' remarks on all
sides such as "California always does
things up in- shape," "What a .line ban
n<"\".- etc l' . ,
Mayor Pholan's failure to walk with the
delegation to-day has added more fuel to
the fire of discontent that has arisen
against him In the delegation. It Is. said
that he has held himself somewhat aloof
from the others ever since starting, and,
while the delegates say nothing about it
openly, it Is plain to be seen that they are
not at all pleased with his conduct. .
It is surprising to note the number of
Californians that are here. One meets
them- at every. corner, and .this morning
Mr. Tarpey, the National Commltteeman,
spent -everal . hours begging; tickets from
his - friends on the committee to accom
modate them,- but i even after that -pome
were compelled to-go away disappointed.'
'-'¦¦ The California member • of the creden
tials- committee, Frank f Freemann ot
would indeed be a brave prophet who
would undertake to predict the final
choice of the convention for second place.
CALIFORNIA FEUD
x x GROWING BITTER
Many States have neglected to caucus
regarding the Vice Presidency, and of
these the most must be classed as doubt
ful; though In some of the State delega
tions so strong a sentiment exists that a
caucus is unnecessary..
Special Dispatch to The Call."
CALL HEADQUARTERS KANSAS
CITY, July 4.— The California delegation
attended the convention in a body to-day.
A call had beenlsVued for them to as
semble at 10:45, and when that hour ar
rived all 'were present except Mayor Pho
lan. The Hawaiian delegation,' which had
teen invited to accompany the Californ
lans, was prompt in its arrival, and;to
gether they started for the great con
vention hall. First came . the beautiful
banner of the Callfornians, followed im
mediately by that of the Hawallans. Then
Glen, was chosen secretary thereof by ac
clamation. In fact, he probably could
have been chosen as chairman; but the
successful candidate. Judge Edward Gray
of Texas, and Freemann arc old friends
so they got together and Freemann took
the secretaryship. In the Clark contest
from # Montana, which was a very bitter
one, Freemann made a strong speech
against the seating of Clark, but the
ousted Senator was too strong and won
by a vote of S3 to 13. Members of the
New York delegation called on the Cali
fornians at their headquarters in tho
Coates House this afternoon to solicit
their support for John W. Kellar, New
.York's- candidate for Vice President. In
New York's delegation were CongressmaT
McClellan and State Senator Thomas F
Grady. They put Kellar's candidacy in
a -.serious light. Mayor Phelan and Del^>
?ate Denman interrogated them about
Cellar's personality and becullarquallflca
tions fos the exalted office of Vice Presi
dent. No reference was made to Mr. Kel
ar's "yellow kid" alliance under the as
.umed name of "Cholly Knickerbocker,"
"¦"""^ Ve w Ynrif»r» withdrew after hav
ing been : given liquid refreshments and
promises - to carefully consider Mr. Kel
lar's name. -
. The Ha^raiians are attracting consider
able attention. They have 1 been granted
representation on the National Committee
The ''Hawaiian;*: occupy a prominent place
in the convention hall and' arc loudly
cheered when they enter.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 4.— The ground swell
was felt this morning. It was apparent that David B. Hill bad not been In
active during the night. Messengers were running to the delegations who
favored a reindorsement of the Chicago platform without a specific
free silver plank. Mr. Hill was tpr> wise to make such an effort. Reynard,
however, works more cautiously than' the Hon. While it was impossible to sud
denly concentrate the opposition it vras easy to await opportunities. That such
would be offered in the convention was fondly hoped. The convention Itself was
called to order at 12 o'clock. For an hour the deleeratlons had been dribbling
into the hall until the vast building was .packed. The platform ran into the
center of the hal! like a promontory into the sea.
The pit for the delegates was in the shape of a half moon with the curve on
the outside. Back of it was the gallery ten feet high following the curve of
the pit. It was draped with American colors, and had eight rows of seats ar
ranged like' seats In. an amphitheater Above this circle wa3 the second gallery,
also festooned with red, white and blue.. Away above all and fully fifty feet
above the head3 of the delegates pnd guests was a third gallery covered with
arms of. States, and beneath another bewildering display of colors in the way
of bannerets and streamers. The New Tork delegates were seated to the left ot
the platform occupied by the presiding officers and well In front. California
was well to the front and left. The Pennsylvania delegation filled the scats on the
speaker's right.
The first prominent delegation to arrive was that of Kentucky, headed by Jo«
? Blackburn and ex-Governor McCreary. Blackburn wore Kentucky tow, and Mc
* Creary resembled a well fed Episcopalian bishop. They found their way to
seats near the Pennsylvania delegation. Not long afterward the Virginia dele
gation appeared, with Senator Daniel and Senator Martin in the lead. As Daniel
filed Into his place and laid aside his crutches the band struck tip "Dlxte." and
the hall resounded with cheers familiar to the ears of old soldiers ot the Army of
the Potomac. There was a glow of enthusiasm In the eyes of the grand old Ro
man face of Daniel as he listened to Irs Inspiring strains. The cheering had
hardly subsided before a gorgeous banner labeled "Hawaii" was brought into
the hall. It was followed by a prince of the blood and r.nother delegate, who re
* ceive<T lou<?- ajvpiause. a* VfrPy took thofr x«ats_ The bund played a porpourrt and
the banners kept time to the* music, .finally the New Tork delegation entered,
but not in a body. -Senator Murphy and Richard Croker took front seats with
Augustus Van Wyck and Thomas F. Grady.
"Witnessed from the platform the scene was exceedingly picturesque as
Chairman Jones called the convention to order. Tom Johnson sat in the Ohio
delegation, fat, fair and fifty. His face glowed with health, his hair curling nat
urally, and his form arrayed In negllge3 costume. As the Missouri delegation
passed to its reservation with ex-Governor Stone at Its head the applause vas
deafening. Stone, like Hill, had had a hard fight for a place on the platform
committee yesterday afternoon. Unlike Hill, however, he won a victory by th«
narrow margin of one vote. Ex-Governor Pattlson of Pennsylvania sat at the
side of Mr. Kerr. dark faced and saturnine, protecting his shirt collar with a
folded handkerchief. ' The delegation from Illinois sat well In front, with Car
ter Harrison at its head. Exceedingly modest and unassuming in manner, he at
tracted universal attention. He wore a tow suit and held the stump of a dgAT
between his teeth. Senator Clark of Montana, who looks like a brother of J.
Hamilton Lewis, occupied the chair In the Montana delegation.
The hall was sprinkled with men of renown and prominence. Governor
McMillan of Tennessee sat with the ladles near him. There were roses in the
Utah and Colorado delegations. Both were represented in part by charming
women. The delegate from. Utah was a brunette, sprightly and pretty, dressed
neatly, but plainly. The lady In the Colorado delegation, although older, was
fully as handsome as her sister from Utah. As Chairman Jones arose, sending
l.roozes throusn h»s silvery beard with a palm leaf fan. Sergeant at Arms Martin
appeared at the secretary's desk and forced order in a loud voice. The call for
the convention was read, and Rev. Dr. Neall was invited to officiate. At the re
quest of Senator Jones all the delegates arose and bowed their head3. A some
what surprising scene occurred before Mr. Neall closes his petition. Array off In
the second gallery on the right a country band began to play "The Banks of
the Wabash." There were exclamations of Indignation from some of the dele
gates, and a minute or more flew by before the band was silenced. The chap
lain sat down, and as Senator Jones was about to proceed with the business of
the convention there was a great uproar In the delegation from Indiana, They
insisted with loud cries that the band should be allowed to finish the "Banks
of the Wabash" before business was resumed. The band itself settled the mat
ter by tooting their horns, and, breaking Into the old familiar strain, aroused
great enthusiasm.
Senator Jones then introduced Jame-. A. Reed, Mayor of Kansas City. In
mellifluous tones and with highly felicitous words the Mayor welcomed the dele
gates to the "Gate City." Governor Thomas, temporary chairman, then ad
dressed the convention. At times he stood with his left hand upon his hip and
continued his s-peech as though reading an extract from the Bible. His address
elicited little applause, because it could not. be heard by the vast body of the
audience. At its conclusion a bust of Bryan was taken upon the platform,
wrapped in the stars and stripes. When unwound and placed upon a pedestal the
great audience rose to Its feet and cheered to the echo. After this a young gen
tleman resembling an actor read the Declaration of Independence. The words
were pronounced as though he was making a speech and not repeating the Im
mortal pronunclamento. He had an air that recalled Arnold at th«
head of his Swiss troops making way for freedom. Then a young lady. -a. blonde,
dressed In exceedingly good taste, sang the "Star-spangled Banner." At the
end of the second verse the audience broke In with "America," and the effect
was overpowering. At least 12,000 voices. Inspired by patriotism. Joined In with the
band.
Then came a great demonstration In honor of Hill. Some said that the noise
makers were hired to do It by Dick Kerens of St. Louis. Governor Hill's friends,
however, claim that it was entirely spontaneous. The cry was taken up by men
in the delegations that had developed the Hill sentiment. It ran across the hall
until It reached the Indiana and Pennsylvania delegations. There It seemed to
gather strength and continued spreading like a prairie fire until the whole con
vention was thoroughly aroused. It then became a tempest, drowning out all
hisses. For some time Governor Hill sat at the aide of Elliott Danforth mop
ping his bald head with his handkerchief and smiling perfunctorily. At times
he glanced at Mr. Croker and Senator Murphy, who sat on a front seat as imper
turbable as castiron and apparently utterly devoid of emotion. At last, urged
by Elliott Danforth and Frank Campbell. Mr. Hill arose and made a profound
bow. While he was bowing the tempest increased in Intensity. He resumed his
seat and there was a lull in the Immense wave of enthusiasm. A moment after
ward he again arose .and bowed profoundly. The uproar was promptly doubled
and the! Senator resumed his seat. A third time did he repeat this movement with
a similar result. The uproar lasted over twenty minutes. The officers of the
convention seemed paralyzed. In vain did the sergeant at arms shout for order.
In vain did the temporary chairman appeal to the audience to restrain them
selves. Ills words were a whistle in a storm. The wind Increased In fury
and did not subside. It'was finally, however, stilled by the band. The divisions
played "The Georgia Camp Meeting" with a vim and a vengeance that set hands
patting and feet beating time. The wind died down and all efforts to revive It
failed.
A Maryland delegate was about to offer a resolution thanking the young lady
for singing a song, but failed to secure recognition, the chairman apparently look-
Ing ur>on' him with suspicion because he had waved the Maryland guidon In an
effort to increase the uproar on behalf of Hill- When order was restored roll
call by States followed to ascertain their selection for Vice President and mem
bers of ..ifferent committees. For some tlma, however, business was again ob
structed by the blare of an outside band, furnished wtth a superfluity of brass
instruments. The. first name cheered when announced as a member of the com
mittee on platform was that of ex-Governor Stone of Missouri. The mention of
Van Wyck's name as the selection of the New York delegation elicited scattering
squeaks for Hill, but a shower of hisses stopped any further demonstration. Th«
convention then took a recess until 4 o'clock. It was taken while the Jackson Club
of Lincoln was filing through the Hall between the delegates and the platform,
shouting their enthusiasm for the Nebraska statesman and waving their colors.
They were evidently farmers and mechanics. Some wore cowhide boots home
spun clothes. There were no silk hats In the procession, nor was there a dia
mond pin or gold ring to be seen. A motley crowd, including women and chil
dren, followed them. The scene recalled pictures of the National Assembly of
France over a hundred. years ago.
At * o'clock the convention again assembled. The committees on credentials
and on platforms were not ready to make their report and a further .recess was
taken until 8 o'clock. Before this was done, however, there was another ap
parent outburst of enthusiasm for Hill. Shouts of "Hill!" "Hill!" came from one
end of the gallery. Senator- Hill was not In his seat In the New York delegation,
but the effort to. create another furor seems to Indicate a determined attempt to
make trouble before Bryan's nomination Is possible
ev Amos j. cummiNGS.
Amos J, Cummings Wires a Vivid Pen
Picture of the Proceedings, and In
timates That the Turned-Down New
York Statesman Man Yet Secure
Revenge.
Officers of the Convention Have
Difficulty in Checking Ovations
to David B. Hill, Who Appar
ently Divides Honors With
Bryan.
KANSAS CITY, July 5.— The Resolutions Committee decided for an ex
plicit declaration for free silver coinage at 16 to 1. The vote stood 27 to
25, and was taken at 3:30 o'clock this morning.
Fails to Secure the Presidential
Nomination on the Fourth of July
but Has a Majority of Two for
His Pet Financial Plank in the
Platform.
Platform Drawn tu the Nebraskan Himself
Laid Aside t»u the Committee on Resolu
tions, and if "16 to 1" Yet Goes Through
the Conservative Democrats Will Present
a Minority Report.
It is probable the committee on resolutions will fight all
night. Bryan's platform, drawn by himself, was presented to
them by Mr. Metcalf. It has been read and laid aside. The con
servatives declare that if 16 to 1 goes into the platform they will
compel the rewriting of the rest of the platform or make a mi
nority report.
In all the caucuses held to-day the most intense bitterness
has been shown.
Thus it will be seen that at the outset of the actual fighting
at close quarters in the convention the radicals have a slight ad
vantage. It has been nip and tuck all day, and not until 9
o'clock to-ni^ht wasanyone able to give any definite figures as to
how the committee stood.'
For 16 to i — Alabama, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware,
Idaho, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska,
Nevada. New Hampshire, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South
Carolina, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont, Washington, Hawaii,
Wyoming. Alaska, Arizona. Oklahoma, Indian Territory, New
Mexico, District of Columbia. Total for 16 to I, 27.
Acrainst 16 to i — Arkansas, California, Florida, Georgia,
Illinois. Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland,
Michigan. Minnesota, Mississippi, Xew Jersey, New York,
North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Tennessee,
Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin. Total against 16 to
I. 2?.
formation that of this number twenty-seven advocates are for
the plank declaring in fa\or of free coinage at 16 to I, which was
brought here from Nebraska by Mr. Mrtcalf. , Twenty-five ap
pear to be against the insertion of any 'plank on free silver, and
will vote for a general reaffirmation of the Chicago platform.
These are the States represented on the committee that are for
and against 16 to i:
The great battle now on is in the committee on resolutions.
Judjre Maguire, a member, said at midnight that no conclusion
had been reached. Senator Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
Democratic Xational Committee, was elected chairman of this
committee. It consists of fiftv^two members. The Call has in-
dent to-night, despite the general expectation that he would be
put in the field on the Fourth of July without regard to the plat
form.
of it in the tremendous struggle over the financial plank in
the Democratic platform. There has been no test vote yet,
cither in the convention or in the committee on resolutions.
Three sessions of the convention have been held, and an adjourn
ment has been taken until to-morrow to await the report of the
committee on resolutions. Brvan was not nominated for Presi-
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS CITY, Mo., July
4 — Bryan and his radical friends have a shade the better
BY C C. CARLTON.
BRYAN HAS A SHADE THE BETTER OF
IT IN THE STRUGGLE FOR FREE SILVER
has br*n filled with rumors of a demon
stration In his favor. A. S. Trude, one of
»ho leadors of the Illinois Democracy, Is,
trying to organize a Harrison movement.
JIr , Harrison has begged his friends to
jet him remain In obscurity for a time,
but they have persuaded him that It is
possible to make this nomination, and
during the, next four years develop him
a* a leader of a new school of Dem
ocracy, which, they assert, Is sure to
come Into bring.
• Ajloth * r stampede possibility Is Mr.
Shiveley of Indiana. Delegates from his
State refuse to accept his withdrawal,
and have served notice upon him that
they will place his name before the con
vention, regardless of his personal senti
ments.
During the last two months preceding
the preliminary work of the convention a
sentiment In favor of Shiveley was be
ing created all over the Middle West.
For two days that sentiment has been
dormant, but It will be quickened just as
soon as Indiana formally places its man
before the convention.
There are numerous other avowed can
didates for the nomination for the Vice
Presidency, though none of them has got
any weight Besides these, there are
dark horses, which will be brought to the
front when the psychological moment
arrives.
In view cf the condition of affairs be
CAM, HEADQUARTERS. KANfAS
CITY. Jigy 4.— The sentiment -.*
parding Uk- Viof Presidency Is ft 111
chaotic. It crystallized only In a
m-Kative manner. The delegates
have Fai<1 vrry- plainly whom they v. ill
Dot nominate. They have not indicated
their choice. Unless there comes another
re-volution of fooling, Mr. Towne may also
be placed in thr» list of impossibilitl- s.
His 5tr<- r.gth has Won waning for thirtr-
Bfx hour?, and it will not be surprising if
his own Stat*>. Minm-sota. decides at the
last moment not to present his name to
tho convention.
Adlai K. Stovrnson of Illinois, the vet
eran, is well thought of. He Is an olc:
lime Democrat, acceptable alike to cor
rcrv.'ttivos and radicals. Moreover, bis
popularity in his State is not questioned.
Many assort that Stevenson's name' oa
the national ticket would add Illinois to
the list of doubtful States.
There can be no doubt that next to Mr.
Bryan; Hill is most in favor with th-j
cck-Kates, and there can be no telling li
advance what may be done with hi<?
name. He does not want the nomination.
Another influence is the opposition of his
personal enemies in New York State. In
looking for the man with whose name to
Ftampede the convention, wily politicians
will not ignore Carter II. Harrison. Mayor
of Chicago. 'Mr. Harrison docs not want
the nomination, but ail day lone the &'r
By HARRY BROWN.
Sentiment Regarding the Vice Presidency
Is Still Chaotic — Adlai E. Stevenson
Coming to the Front.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 35.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS CITY, Mo.; July 4-;As vet nothing of great impor
tance has occurred in the convention, but to-morrow it is expected we will get down to
business. Everybody's attention is turned toward Bryan. A great deal of the interest that
was at first manifested in a detail of the platform has been los:. Everybody knows now that the
platform will contain the straight-out 16 to i plank. Bryan stands for pure Americanism and strict
adherence to the fundamental prim iples of our great party and the constitution. The great issues
in defeating McKinley's administration will; be anti-imperialism, anti-trust and silver. It is cer
tainly inspiring to see this great body of enthusiastic, bright and intelligent and sincere Democrats
sweltering in the awful heat, proceeding with the work that is necessary to be done. Kansas City
has done herself proud in providing for the comfort, welfare and entertainment of the thousands of
delegates and visitors. I find the convention hall admirably adapted for the purposes of the con
vention. The hotels are many, large and comfortable.
After the convention is over there are so many questions of vital importance that must be
settled in this campaign that- 1 believe the Democratic party will find enough for all' to stand on.
The people of the West are as vehement in their denunciations of the imperialistic policy of the
present administration and in their protest against trusts as are the Easterners. On these issues, at
any rate, we are one, and there is little doubt that we shall stand shoulder to shoulder in the com
ing campaign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.KAN'S AS CITY. July 4.— Amid scenes
of tumultuous enthusiasm befit
ting such an event and such a day,
the Democratic National Conven
tion began its sessions to-day. But
after sitting until a late hour to
night the expected climax of the day— the
nomination of William J. Bryan as the
Democratic candidate for President— has _
failed of realization, and all of the larger'
business of the convention awaits the com
pletlon of the platform. As a spectacular
event, however, the convention has ful
filled the hopes of the most fervid party
iran, for the vast assemblage of delegates
and spectators has twice been swept with
whirlwind ccmor.Ptrations, first for the
leader who Is about to be placed in nom
ination, and then for that other champion
of Democracy, David B. Hill. But in
actual accomplishment the day's work Is
confined to organization, with the speeches
of the temporary chairman . Governor
Thomas of Colorado, and of the perma
nent chairman. Hon. James D. Richard
son, the appointmert of the various com
mittees and the detailed preparations for
the mcio s-erious work yot in store.
It was an Inspiring scene that Chairman
Jones looked out upon when at noon, after
beating a tattoo with his gavel, he stilled
th/> tumult and declared the convention
epen. About him w«re fully 25.000 persons,
rising tier on tier like the spectators in
some vast coliseum, awaiting the appear
ance of the delegates and alternates of
the party, while on the other side
Ftrotehed away the rows of desks accom
modating representatives °f the . press
from every section of the country. Above
end on aii sid^s was a gorgeous sunburst
of color, huge flags and graceful, fan-
Ehar p( i bunting, looped and in lcr.g stream
ers, mottoes and coats of arms of the
United States, mir.s'.'.in? this overhanging
pprtad of color with the bright summer
hats and uretses of the many wemen
present .
Shirt-Sleeved and Dsxnocratic.
But""it was clecrly not a gathering alcne
of wealth and fashion. .The bronzed faces
of many of the men. their coarse shirts,
eollarlegs and Foarfless. marked th^m as
from the soil. Wiih haiuly an exception
they took oft their coats and sat shirt-
Fkoved an«l democratic. Many of the
women were In cambrics and ginghams
rather than in summer si'.ks, and laces
and ihe gorgeous costumc-s and pict
uresque hats were in ar. casis of duller
hue.
It was a gathering none the less inspired
¦with the patriotic s-pirit of the day, which
found constant expression in wild hurrahs
et every sound of "America" or "Dixie."
In the body of delegates were the best
known men of the party, many of them of
national reputation. Immediately in front
sat Governor John Walter Smith of Mary
land and his delegation. Alongside them
were that notable New York trio. Croker,
Murphy and Van Wyck. To the right was
the classic face of Daniel of Virginia,
while back of him Arthur Sewall of Maine
end Senator White of California conferred
across the aisle. To the left, at the head
of the Massachusetts delegation, was its
intrepid youn? leader. George Fred Wil
liams. Near him sat Governor McMillin
of Tennessee and the tail, gaunt. Clay-like
:igure of Richardson, soon to be perma
nent chairman of the convention. With
the Kentuckians Fat their youthful Gov
ernor. Beckbam. accompanied by Senator
Klackburn and ex-Governor McCreary.
Senator Hill was late to come upon the
fcene. The great audience had been eag
erly awaiting him, and his entrance was
the signal for the first real ovation of
the day. He found no yiaee reserved
among the Croker-Murphy dignitaries in
the forefront of the delegation and con
tented himself with a seat far In the rear.
Sitting with the Mississippi delegation
was a white-haired woman alternate,
Mrs. \\*. J. Brown of that State, and far
ther back sat Mrs. J. Js". Cohen, another
woman alternate, from Salt Lake City.
T.vro Brilliant Speeches.
The rarly proceedings of the convention
wore marked by two brilliant but rather
i;i-tim« v d speeches— one of welcome from
the Mayor of the city and the other from
CJovernor Thomas of Co'.orado, assuming
the duties of temporary chairman. But
the d<--le£ates fretted during these dellv
erancs and sou#?ht more exciting themes. ,
The first dramatic episode of the day oc
curred after Campau of Michigan had se
cured the adoption of a resolution for the
roadinjr of the Declaration' of Independ
ence. As the reading was ajx»ut to begin
two attendants pushed up to the platform
l«»-aring a pedestal find bust, both draped
in the Ftars and stripe?. As 'the orator
raised his voice for the first words of the
Immortal instrument, the draperies were
thrown back, disclosing a splendid head
of Bryan. The effect was electrical upon
the vast assemblage, which up "to that
moment had neither heard the name nor
s=e<-n the face of their leader. As the
massive features were recognized a yell
went up which fairly shook the steel Rird
fTs, and above the storm could be heard
the strains of the band which had broken
out with the national anthem. Men anc
women were on their frot. waving hand
kerchiefs, coats and fays, and joining in
the wild chorus. As the orator sought to
proceed there were demands from all parts
of the. ha!l to fee the full face of thf
leader, and as it was turned about, first
this way and then that, each turn evoked
a fresh outburst from some new quarter.
At la. c t the uproar quieted and Orator
Hampton, youthful and Btrong voiced,
read the document which- 12t years ago
to-day madf America free.
Quickly following this came another
outburst as a young woman from >ew
York mounted the platform and In a clear
soprano voice fans the "Star Spangled
Banner." Deafening chrers greeted the
tons, and as th* last line died away and
the. -sinjrer turned the strains to those of
¦"America," the vast audience with one
accord lo<k u]> the inspiring air and bore
it forward in a tumultous paean of the
nation's song.
-Hill' a Popular Idol.
The outburst of patriotism now turned
!n a new direction, and during a momen
tary pause in the proceedings the name
of ""Hill" ma* sounded. It was quickly
caught up. first among the delegates, and
thru from gallery to gallery among, the
Fpeotators. until the whole multitude had
joined in a noisy demand for the former
Senator from New York. For fully ten
minutes the enthusiastic demonstration
proceeded, the chairman battling vainly
ngainst it. relegates stood on chairs and
joined in tho demand, and the Senator
v.-as surrounded by a shouting crowd of
Insistent men. He smiled and shook his
head throughout the . demonstration.
Many of the New Yorlcers joined in, the
tribute, but it was noticpable that the
immediate following of Ttfr. Croker and
tho Tajumany leafier himself held their
foatf and maintained a ptolid composure
throughout , the remarkable tribute to
their associate.
At la.«t, when thp demonstration had
run on for llftr-en minutes. Hill could be
eeen rlslnK from his ohrcurc place in -the
body of the New York d<s>eation. He
bowed smiled, and his I!p3 moved'to
iiddrra th<> chairman. But «•< well might
he liave addressed Nlasara. for ths waves
Freguent Outbursts of Wild
Cheers snd Scattering Hisses
for David B. Hill, During
Which the Members of New
York Delegation Sit Sullen
and Silent.
Permanent Organization
Effected and : the Wau
Made Clear for the Nomi
nation of Candidates.
BOISTEROUS
SESSIONS OF
CONVENTION
DELEGATES
DETERMINED
TO BE HEARD
Ex-Senator White Sags the
Convention Is One of the
Most Earnest Gatherings
He Ever Attended.
Bust of Bryan Unveiled.
Then a dramatic scene occurred. As
the vast audience was quieting down to
l'.3ten to the reading of the declaration,
two men appeared upon the platform
bearing carefully in their arms two laree
objects, each shrouded in the stars and
stripes. They were placed, the one upon
the other, immediately to the right ana
in front of the chairman. Delegates ana
spectators craned their necks to see what
was about to occur. All realized that a
coup was about to be enacted.
Quickly advancing to the flag-drarwa
objects, a handsome man lifted the ftas
from a splendid bust of Mr. Bryan. As
the familiar features nf their distin
guished leader were recognized by, delQ
gatea and spectators, a tornado ct ap-
and to place the party in a posi
tion where it may be truly said to
accurately represent the best sen
timent of the American people.
There are no cliques or factions.
No man is so important that his
personality is competent to over
ride the deliberate judgment of
the body. As far as I am able to
observe the sentiment is adverse
to wars of conquest and in favor
of pursuing those conservative
lines which were indicated by the
founders of the republic.
The reading of the Declaration
of Independence to-day evoked
remarkable enthusiasm, and the
contrast between those who now
seek to use it as an instrument of
oppression andthis convention is
most marked. So true is it that
no individual controls the body
that I do not believe any one can
accurately forecast . even the
mode.bf procedure to be adopted.
It passes without saying that
Bryan will be nominated, but
even at this late hour I am un
able to indicate with any degree
of accuracy his running mate.
There are divergent sentiments
of course, but all are disposed to
listen to argument and to pass
judgment candidly and in such a
way as to conserve the public in
terest and guard the people from
the dangers now menacing them.
There will be no recession from
the position of the Democratic
party toward silver, although it
is possible that it may not be
deemed necessary to prepare or
adopt an elaborate plank upon
the subject.
generous and hearty manifestations of
approval. Despite his strong voice the
confusion in the hall became so great
that much of the speech .was lost to the
delegates and spectators. An Incessant
hum sounded through the building, min
gled with the rustle of thousands of fans
the shuffle of countless feet of messen*
gers and officials and the occasional veil
of some demonstrative spectator. The
audience grew fretful under the disorder
and the Inability to hear, and there were
shouts of "louder!" mingled with de
mands for order. Governor Thomas pro
ceeded boldly, however, and when, above
th© racket, he was heard to exclaim
"South Africa," the crowd caught the
Idea that he was paying tributes to the
Boers and enthusiastic applause went up.
There was another cheer when the crowd
caught enough of the reference to the
isthmian canal to know that It was to bo
under American operation and control.
At the conclusion of the speech tha
building rang with applause, the cheer
ing being' accompanied by trie flutter ot
the national colors throughout the hall.
Campari Introduces a Resolution.
The first semblance of genuine enthusi
asm was created when the secretary of
the convention. Charles A. "Walsh of Iowa,
arose and read a resolution offered by
Daniel J. Campau of Michigan, that the
Declaration of Independence, "drafted by
that Democrat of Democrats, Thomas
Jefferson," be read to the convention or*
this the annlversdry of the nation's na
tal day. -The resolution was as follows:
The Republican party recently. In Philadel
phia, the cradle city of liberty, where the Dec
laration of Independence was written and ttie
constitution framed, did there Indorse an ad
ministration which has repiirHated the consti
tution and renomlnated a President who has
betrayed the principles of the constitution.
TWs convention Is composed of men of the
same faith as were the father* of that Immor
tal instrument. As a reafnrxnatlon of Demo
cratic fealty to the fundamental iwiriotples oC
American liberty. I move, Mr. Chairman, that
thf cleric be directed to read the glorious Decla
ration of Indrrjendence, drafted by that Dem
ocrat of all Democrats. Thomas Jefferson and
adiptod one hundred and twenty-four years
"^Wlth cheers and applause the resolution
was adopted, while the band in the south
gallery played patriotic airs In le'ad or
the enthusiasm.
HEADQUAR-
Ly TERS, KANSAS CITY,
Mo., July 4. — This con
vention is one of the most earnest
gatherings I ever attended. The
delegates seem to be determined
to define their position plainly;
Declares It Passes Without saur
ing That Brijan Will Be
Nominated, but He is Unable
Accurately to Indicate Who
Will Be the Nebraskan's
Running Mate.
>
BY STEPHEN Al. WHITE,
DEMONSTRATION CONTINUES THIRTY MINUTES WHEN
Continued on Page Threat
call by Secretary Walsh. It was as fol
lows:
The national Democratic committee, having
met in the city of Washington, on the twenty
second day of February, i9(K>, has appointed
Wednesday, the 4th day oi July, as the time,
and chosen the city of Kansas City, Mo., as the
plac9 for holding the national Democratic con
vention. Each State is entitled to a repre
sentation therein equal to 'double the number of
its' Senators and Representatives in the Con-
Bress of the United States; and each territory.
Alaska. Indian Territory and the District of
Columbia, shall have six delegates. All Demo
cratic conservative reform citizens of the
United States, irrespective of past political as
sociations and differences, who can unite with
us in the efCort for pure, economical and con
stitutional government, and who favor the re
public and oppose the empire, are cordially in
vited to Join us In sending delegates to the
convention.
Rev. Mr. Neal's Prayer.
Chairman Jones then announced the
prayer by the Rev. S. M. Neal. which was
as follows: *.
Almiehty God, God of our fathers, we ac
knowledge thee to be our God. Our nation was
founded In faith and hope in thee. Thy provi
dence has protected and frulded us in the past.
Thy goodness has i made us great. We still
recognize thee as sovereign, and acknowledge
no other. We are dependent upon thee. We
look' to ihee. Our hope is in thee. Mercifully
fcrclve our sins and srulde us Into all truth.
May we never, as a nation, forget God. Com
mand thy blessing upon the delegates of this
convention, may they be men who fear God
and work righteousness and be accepted of him.
Inspire them with an exalted patriotism and a
broad statesmanship. Thou art moving among
the. nations of the earth. We .have come to a
crisis as to our future policy as a nation.' Il
lumine us by thy spirit that we may have the
power of vision to discern between richt.and
wrong. As thou hast guided us in the past, be
pleased, we humbly ask. to pilot us over the
breakers now. Save us from the offense of ap
proaching thee only to have our views rati
fied. May we come in all sincerity and hu
mility to inquire what the Lord our God wquld
have us do. Overrule our prejudices and ren
der clear our Judgments. Save us. from the re
proach that any power among us Is almlshty,
but the will of God as expressed in the voice
of all the people. Mercifully preserve us from
ollrarachy and communism. May the prin
ciples of the golden rule prevail: may truth,
justice, equality and liberty be guarded with
jealous care; Lord God Almighty mnke; bars
thy arm: be thou our God. Grant that what
in flone h»>re may meet thy approval. Thy
kingdom come thy will be done on earth as It
is In heaven. We ask In the name of Jesus
Christ, our Lord and Savior, amen.
Mayor Reed's Greeting.
. "Gentlemen will please be in order."
said. Chairman Jones, as the hum and
bustle again broke loose after the prayer.
"We must have quiet on the floor. Gen
tlemen of the convention. I have the
honor to present to you the Mayor of
Kansas City, Jamo? A/ Reed."
A shout of applause went up as the
slender form of -Mr. • Reed . came to the
front of the platform. He spoke deliber
ately ana with a clear, resonant voice,
that easily penetrated to every corner of
the hall. Tho ilrst burst of applause that
greeted the Mayor's speech of welcome
came when he spoke of the universality
of the Democratic doctrine. . which had
penetrated, he paid, wherever liberty was
Known and loved. He dwelt .at eorae
length on the progress of the principles
of the Democratic party, which origin
ated, ho Raid. .with tho liberty-loving peo
ple of France. and England, and. came to
this continent for, its larger growth and
ultimate development. His allusion to the
early leaders of the Democratic [ party-
Jefferson and Jackson — evoked outbursts
of cheers. He declared that Jefferson be
lieved in expansion only as it made homes
for American men upon their own con
tinent./ :..-..¦ ¦ • • ¦:.;¦¦'.. v :.'.¦.
Dwelling at length on the progress made
by the Democratic party, in the cause.of
human rights, Mr. Reed grew impasslonec
in his eulogy of the l good ; work done by
it through all the years or its existence.
of tumultuous sound drowned everything,
and he dropped back into his seat.
' When the delegates had time to think
they beean to ask each other if Hill was
to be the hero of this convention, for
another such demonstration, at an op
portune time, might carry the convention
off its feet end place him on the ticket
with Bryan, in spite of all contrary cal
culations.
The routine proceedings were quicKiy
disposed of. But even in this there was
opportunity to give further tribute to the
New Yorker, and when Judge Van "VV yck s
name was called as the New York mem
ber of the platform committee a tremen
dous call for Hill, mingled with hisses for
those who opposed him, greeted the an
nouncement. With the committees ap
pointed there was nothing to do but await
their action, and the convention took a
recess at 2:30 until 4 o'clock. As the dele
gates filed out of the hall they pressed
around Senator Hill, who for half an hour
was the center of an enthusiastic personal
greeting from individual delegates. At 4
o'clock the committees were not yet ready
to report, and another adjournment was
taken until 8:30 p. m.
Thirty Minutes of Cheering.
It remained for the night session to
bring the most remarkable demonstration
of the day. Again the great structure
¦was Invaded by thousands, and the mag
nificent picture took on new glories of
color and animation under the glare of
countless electric lights. For the first
hour the proceedings were formal and
profitless, but when, at the close of the
Speech of Permanent Chairman Richard
son, he paid a glowing tribute to William
J Bryan, pandemonium broke loose and
the historic scene of Bryan's nomination
at Chicago was repeated, even exceeding,
in a frenzied demonstration lasting hall
nn hour. The State standards were
wrenched from their sockets and borne
aloft, a battle of supremacy was waged
between the standard-bearers, urged on
by the deafening applause of the entire
shouting, gesticulating multitude.
Outside of the formal proceedings of the
day interest was centered in the action of
the platform committee. A3 the evening
advanced it became known that a de
termined struggle was in progress. Involv
ing not only the question of incorporating
a specific 16-to-l declaration in the pnrty
declaration, but to some extent involving
the desires of the prospective nominee aa
to the terms of the platform. The out-
Come is awaited with absorbing interest
as the chief development of to-morrow.i
TURMOIL MARKS
DAY PROCEEDINGS
Hill Repeatedly Cheered and
Hissed by Warring Demo
cratic Factions.
KANSAS CITY, July 4.-At 12:02 p. m.
Chairman J.ones ascended the platform.
As the wave of applause subsided Chair
man Jones rapped vigorously and repeat
edly.' i-tllHng the tumult, and then above
the" din his voice could be heard announc
ing:
"The convention will come to order.
The ser?eant-at-arms will see that the
aisles are cleared."
Sergeant-at-Arms Martin advanced to'
the front and urged the crowds in front
of the platform to tal:e seats. Great dis
order prevailed; the aisles Jammed with
shifting, noisy crowds of subordinate of
ficials and Intruders, and It took some time
to secure quiet.
Beading of the Call.
The first business was the readme of the
would pay and net perpetuate our public debt.
Thobe who assert that the money question is
deal have given but little heed to the lesson
of experience. It can never die until it shall
receive a rishteous solution.
The phenomenal increase in the output of golil
has materially added to- the general stock of
primary money and relieved some part of the
fetress of contraction which succeeded the clos
ure of the Indian mints to silver in 1893. The
consequent improvement in business and In the
industrial conditions may be traced directly to
this fact, although the failure of crops in vari
ous portions of the world and the waging of a
great offensive war, with its accompanying ex
penditure of treasure, have contributed to the
teneral result. The enlarcement of the sum
cf our metallic money has cheapened its value,
stimulated prices and set the "wheels of enter
prises agai nln motion. No more signal demon
stration of th? bimetallic contention was ever
witnessed. Had the concurrent coinage and
circulation of th? two metals b?en uninter
rupted they would have kept ths quantity of our
money of redemption in harmony with our na
tional growth end our development apace with
the increased wealth and population. The ter
rible crises of the past quarter of a century
with tneir attendant miseries and bankruptcy
would have been avoided and prosperity would
have remained with us unbroken and enduring.
Ths false plea of 1SS6 that the monetary
volume was sufficient and the world's supply of
*rold ample for its needs is now transparent.
Its error is, admitted In the boast of our op
ponents that they have Increased our per
capita circulation. The vast quantities yield
ed by the mines are readily absorbed by the
ceaseless demand for its use and its multi
plied increase is earnestly hoped for. Xo voice
is raised 'against its continued production. No
fear is expressed that we can be embarrassed
by Its abundance. Yet its annual output ex
ceeds that of gold and silver in the years when
the latter was repudiated because of its threat
ened Inundation. . Our opponents stand con
fronted by the irresistible operation of a law
they, have denied.
As to New Possessions.
Referring to the war with Spain the
Governor said:
The prevailing sentiment of Democratic sym
pathy for all people struggling lor the blessings
of liberty impelled the administration two
years ago to Interfere with the despotic tyran
ny of Spain over Cuba and secure to the op
pressed people of that island the right of Self
government. Our ultimatum delivered, we
solemnly and officially declared them to be
free ami independent and disclaimed to the
world any disposition or intention to exercise
sovereignty, jurisdiction- or control over the
island, except for the pacification thereof and
nssertpd our determination when that was ac
complished to leave the Government and con
trol or the Island to Its people.
The conditions of the ensurrnj war sent Ad
miral Dewey to, the distant Philippines, where
another people engaged In' the Fame struggle
with the same oppressor appealed to the same
impulses of our nature. There he broke the
power of Spain, which, suing; for peace, sub
mitted to the liberation of Cuba and cession of
Porto : Itlco. Our Government disdained the
spirit of its manifesto of April and became
the purchaser ot" the Philippines in January.
Since then we have given Cuba the benefit of
our civic Institutions by governing her through
the War Department. \Ve have kept faith with
Porto Rico by substituting the; suftar baron for
the Casiilian Duke, and confirmed the Philip
pine estimate of- the white man by prolonging
tho^ Spanish method of colonial government in
those islands of the far-off seas. The national
sympathy for all who seek seK-povernment has
been made I tbe Instrument by which cupidity
and preed acquire and hold a feeble nation in
thraldom against Its will. The ripht tif pur
chase Is invoked to Justify the adoption by the
prreat Western republic of a so-called colonial
policy and . her glorious institutions are de
clared to be for home consumption with pro
hibitive duties asalnst their exportation.
For One System *bf Expansion.
AVo believe in that system of expansion which
under ' Democratic rule brought half' the con
tinent as a galaxy of commonwealths into the
Union. We denounce that expansion which by.
conquest overcomes the people of another hem
isphere under the pretext that glvinsr them lib
erty which governs them by. force which denies
to -them right of citizens, which subjects the
American workman , to Increased and deadly
c(»'jrtltlon by confronting hlmwlen hordes of
Orientals coming hither from so-called
A yell of approval greeted his announce
ment that the convention was gathered
u mn Democratic soil and as the guests
of a Democratic constituency that had
always been to the forefront of the politi
cal lights of the country. When he de
clared that in the name of that Democ
racy he bade the visiting delegations wel
come and proclaimed victory at the polls
in November, he was interrupted by
cheers and applause, and the applause
when he finished was long.
Cheers and Hisses for Hill.
The delegates and spectators had lis
tened with great attention but no enthu
siasm, applauding the closing sentence.
Senator Hill entered just at this moment
and the applause turned to him. ,„.„'
"Hill of New York!" "Hill!" "Hill!"
they shouted. But it was noticed that the
New York delegation did not respond to
the enthusiasm. Hill came in with Elliott
Danforth of New York and stopped at the
row. •
Delegate John McMahon of Rome arose
and gave his seat to the ex-Senator. Hill
smiled and thanked him. Meanwhile the
crowd continued to yell for "Hill! Lets
hear Hill!" with a few hisses interspersed
until the chairman finally rapped them to
order. A few minutes later they renewed
the call, but the audience was impatient
to get on with the proceedings and showea
its disapproval with hisses. .
Finally the-chairman was able to make
his voice heard, and he introduced Gov
ernor Thomas of Colorado, the temporary
chairman. , ' _
A round of applause .greeted
Thomas as he ascended the platform, ±ic
looked the ideal presiding officer— tall,
dignified, black-garbed, his face showing
intellectuality and force of character.
Chairman Thomas' Speech.
Governor Thomas held In his hand the
typewritten manuscript of, his speech, and
in full Tound voice, easily reaching to the
remotest corners of the building, he began
his address as temporary chairman. He
said:
The line of division between political forces
became fchan-ly defined in 1S96 upon
what- wan called the money question. That
qucnllcn involved, as we then asserted and as
we now know, every other econom c problem.
It embraced within its wide limitations the la
such of labor and capital, of combination and
competition, of production, transportation and
distribution. It was predicted that the d««H
of. bimetallism would be followed by the retire
ment of a'.l form* of Government currency, by
the ¦rteiecatlcn of the power ; of note Issue tc
the hcl.lers of the national obligations, the prac
tical corsolldaf.cn ¦. of all lines of transporta
tion and the consequent domination^ e\er>
commercial pursuit by a score of colossal
monoiKillrs. There predictions' have generally
been verified. , : -
Democratic defeat had scarcely been recorded
when the march ot consolidation was resumed.
Every avenue of industry is closed to the com
.pctitlva energy of the citizens, has been listed
on the Stock Exchange and rises and falls with
the turn of the gamblers card. Consolidations
succeed consolidations .: and as they lessen
in number they enlarge In the volume of their
real and fictitious accumulations and their more
despotic sway 'over all material and political
interests. Th«se evil-?, startling in their mag
nitude and inevitable In their, consequences,
¦must either culminate in one immense aggrega
tion, all-powerful and all-absorbing, or.be ¦ar
rested and dissolved by the force of an aroused
public , opinion finding expression at the polls
in support of the nominees of th!s convention.
. ~ . - Democracy Protests.
Governor-Thomas then spoke of the cur
rency bill passed by the last sessldn of
Congress, -giving a resume- of its most I
important features, adding: : ¦-
'Against 1 this Iniquitous echeme of finance
Democracy' protests. We will have no money
system founded upon the public debt and dic
tated by those who hold it. We stand for the
gold and silver of the constitution, for a paper
currency founded upon them and Issued by the
Government - as * the embodiment of t our sov
ereignty. Vv'e : will not. tax the. people for the
maintenance of a private money system. ; We .
provinces to take his place at the forge, in the
mine and the factory.
We would .build the Nicaragua canal as an
American enterprise for the American people.
We would operate it in times of peace and
control It In times of war. We would fortify
It notwithstanding the protests or the objec
tions of trans-Atlantic powers . We would
share the benefits and responsibilities of its
management with no associates.
We would relieve the people of the burden of
taxation. If administrative authority 13 to be"
credited the Spanish-American conflict ended
elgrhteen months ago. The same authority as
sures us with every moon that the Philippine
Insurrection Is over. The treasury is bursting
with a plethoric revenue, millions whereof are
deposited with favorite banks which lend It to
the people, on their own terms that the volume
of circulation may not suffer diminution. Not
withstanding these conditions, there is no de
crease in taxation. Measures cunningly de
vised to fall on the backs of the people and
screen large Interests from responsibility from
the' public burdens, willingly assumed and
cheerfully borne In the heat of conflict, press
with full weight In times of peace with no
signs of relief from the party in power. Un
necessary taxation Is unjust taxation and 1 un
just taxation by -whatever name it may be
called Is the plunder of the citizen by his Gov
ernment.
Speaking of the nomination to* be made
by the convention Governor Thomas said:
Kind of Man Democracy Wants.
"We would have for our. Chief Magistrate a
man sprung from the loins of the people, rock
ribbed in his convictions and controlled by the
admonitions of his conscience. A man of lofty
ideals and steadfast courage. A man to whom
his country"s constitution appeals with a l>vin«?
and sacred reality. A man who exalts the
duty, the rights and the welfare of his fellow
citizens above the sinister and corroding influ
ence of centralised commercialism. A man
whose ear is untuned to the pulsations of the
pocket-book, but responsive to the heart-throbs
of the masses. A man with no Warwick be
hind his chair, with policies that are fala own.
A man with strong opinions and a strong will
to enforce them. A man conscious of his
country's dignity and power, of Its capacity to
cope with all conditions. A man who meaf
ures the greatness of the republic by the pro
tection It gives to the humblest citizen. A man
whose clear vision perceived the causes and
whose- steady judgment determined the remedy
for the ills of . the body politic. A man who
will lay the strong hand cf authority utton the
vast interests, the moral, industrial and po
litical life of the nation and maintain the in
tegrity of our institutions asatnst all their
designs and encroachments.. A man who rec
ognizes no dignity greater than that of an
American ; citizen, no right more rac-red than
that which secures to him the full enjoyment
of every opportunity that a land like ours
affords. A man whose opinions don't change
with his apr>arel. whose policies are not fash
ioned from day to day by influences that con
trol and direct him. whose "plain duty" con
sists not in sanctioning the repudiation of his
own counsels. We -want a man of no plastic
mold conforming his opinion to passing Impres
sions of popular- sentiment, as facile In their
abandonment ea in thsir advocacy. We want
a rcan to whom right is. greater than expe
diency, who postpones no duty to the demand
of privilege, who is loved by the multitude,
respected br the world and feared only by
those who distrust the people.
Governor Thomas closed his address
with an arraignment of the . Republican
party for what he declared was its Insin
cere course and its chance from a party
of freedom to one of monopoly and mili
tarism and added:
Against the continuance of this party In
power we- enter protest. With the man ex
alted above the dollar, the constitution above
the combination, the equality of all before the
law, with solemn promises to correct the
abuses of administration and to enforce these
fundamentals of government, which secure "ex
act justice to all. we shall not appeal In vain
to the wisdom, intelligence and the patriotism
of the American people.
Disorder in the Convention.
-His severe- arraignment of the "In
trenched enemy" drew a. ripple of ap
plause, and 'as . he proceeded his well
rounded sentences were punctuated with
CALIFORNIA DELEGATES ENTERING THE CONVENTION HALL, KANSAS CITY.
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, TH URSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.
2Continued on Fourth Page.
plause swept over the audience. From
side to side the bust was turned that all
might know whom he represented. • s
¦ When the * applause had subsided,
Charles Hampton, of Peterskey, Mich.,
read in magnificent voice the immortal
Declaration of Independence. As the full
and rounded sentences of the great state
paper rolled • through the hall the cheer
ing and enthusiasm increased and when
Mr. Hampton had concluded the tremen
dous applause fairly shook the building.
When the applause ceased Miss Ful
toni of New 1'ork was introduced and
sang "The Star-spangled Banner," the au
dience standing and cheering after each
verse. It was an Innovation in, a nation
al convention. Then, as she finished the
last strain; the band took up "America"
and. led by Miss Fultonl, 20,000 persons
broke into the stirring words of "My
Country, 'Tis of Thee," singing it through
with unction and closln? it with a cheer.
Clamorous for Hill.
Then suddenly ; somebody started the
cry for "Hill," "Hill." In an Instant Ma
ryland, Tennessee, Louisiana, Mississippi
and New Mexico were on their feet, wav
ing their standards and yelling "Hill,".
"Dave Hill." The pounding of the chair
man's gavel had no effect and for., a time
it looked like a concerted movement to
stampede for the New Yorker. As dele
gation ¦ after . aelegation arose In their
seats and 1 • the chairman's , gavel fell, Mr."
Hill was compelled -to arise and bow. This
was the signal ¦ for . pandemonium ,¦:.¦ and
nothing : seemed tobe able to stop -the
torrent of - anplause. A few hisses were
met with -volleys of cheers and' finally a ;
part of New York's delegation arose and
joined the applauding hosts. Croker,
Murphy, Van Wyck and the Tammany
delegation kept their seats without Join
ing in it.
For fully ten minutes the applause and
disorder continued, the steady rap of the
gavel having no effect. Each time a new
atate standard was pulled up and waved
the applause began anew. After his first
bow to the audience Hill kept his seat,
but he could not disguise, the gratifica
tion that he felt at the reception accord
ed him. Friends urged him to. take the
platform, but he kept shaking' his head
negatively. On the platform the chairman
and the sergeant-at-arms tried in vain
to get order.
Finally Hill himself, hoping to stem
the torrents of applause, arose. Then
the delegates and the crowd howled them
selves hoarse. "Hill I" "Platform!" they
screamed. , ; " . . . . ,
"Mr. Chairman," he ejaculated, but his
voice was drowned In the fierce burst of.
applause. ¦ ¦
"Mr. Chairman." he tried again to say,
and then, drowned out again, sank laugh-
Ing in his seat. ' •
Just before the demonstration over Mr.
Hill began. Delegate Joshua A. Miles, a
former Congressman from Maryland, ad
vanced toward the platform occupied by
the presiding officer, and waved the Mary
land standard. There was so much noise
throughout the hall that her could not
be heard four feet from where he stood.
He said that he had arisen to move the
thanks of the convention to the young
lady who had so moved the convention
by her rendition of a song which had been
written by a Maryland; patriot. The
motion was announced in Mr. Miles most
energetic manner, but it was not heard
by a single delegate and the presiding
officer found no opportunity- to submit It.
When, after fifteen minutes, order was
restored. Governor Thomas administered
a stern warning to the assemblage, stat
ing that the convention was here to do
business and that if the spectators inter
rupted the work by unseemly disorder,
the officers of the convention would b«
directed to clear the galleries.
Hisses for ,Van Wyck.
The call of States began for naming the
members of the various committees. This
was a tedious work, covering all the cau
cus selections of the several States and
Territories. When the name of Carter H.
Harrison was called as the Illinois mem
ber of one of the committees, it brought
out a round of cheers and calls for Har-'
rison which for a moment threatened to
be a repetition of the Hill demonstration.
The names of Governor Overmeyer, Sen
ator Blackburn. George Fred Williams
and W -J. Stone -also elicited cheers.
When Augustus Van. Wyck was an
nounced as the New York member of the
platform committee there . was a storm
of mingled hisses and cheers and another
demand for "Hill. Delegates Grady 8nd
Malloy of New York led in the applause
for Mr. Van Wyck's name. It took a vig
orous play with the gavel to restore or
der and allow the call to proceed.
After the name of th« last commlttee
mai, had been given Chairman Thomas
announced that a motion had been made
giving the thanks of the convention to the
lady who had sung "The Star-Spangled
Banner." It was carried.
A delegate; from Ohio secured the at
tention of the chairman by violent ges
ticulation and then, mounting on his chair
as he was recognized, moved that an In
vitation be extended to Mr. Bryan to
visit the convention. A wild cheer of ap
plause* went up before the chairman had
been given time to hear a second to the
motion. ;..\ ¦'
While the cheering over the Bryan • mo
tion/was. at its height \ the booming of a
brass baud was heard at the south en
trance anddown the aisle In front of the
chairman's desk came the band,, which
came ' here ¦ with ', Clark of Montana, • and
behind It in column. of twos, or as nearly
as they could keep that formation, the
Jacksonian Club of Nebraska. The band
was playing "Dixie" and the old air
caused the yell of delight which greets it
always. The members of the Jacksonian
Club had with them a large number of
ladles and as there were no seats for them
a dense throng was soon packed in front
of the chairman's desk. It was impossi
ble for Chairman Thomas to hear a word
uttered four feet from his desk, but some
delegates near him made a motion to ad
journ until 4 o'clock, which was at once
put and carried amid confusion so great
that not one delegate in twenty knew to
what hour the adjournment had 'been
taken. J
Afternoon Proceedings.
Although the afternoon session of the
convention was to have begun at 4 o'clock
there were not over fifty delegates in
their seats at that time and the galleries
were not more than half filled. At the
moment the convention should hay©
opened a small messenger boy w»3
perched in the chairman's seat inundat
ing himself with copious draughts from
the chairman's private stock of Ice water.
By 4:30 o'clock about half of the various
delegations were In their seats and the
band was pounding out ragtime airs to
entertain the crowd which filled every
seat and occupied every square foot of
standing room outside of the space re
served for the delegates and alternates.
Chairman Thomas, warm and perspiring,
mounted the rostrum at 4:33.
The recess gave a chance to the Hill ad
mirers to crowd about him and for fully
twenty minutes they forbade him leaving
the hall, shaking his hand and congratu
lating him on the ovation he had received.
When the convention began assembling
the principal point of interest seemed to
be the New York delegation and around It
swarmed the delegates from other States,
anxious to see Hill, Croker, Van Wyck
and other celebrities.
At 4:43 Chairman Thomas* gavel called
the convention to order, the delay being
caused by the non-arrival of the delegates
and the desire on the part of the conven
tion leaders to afford the committees time
to prepare their •eports. Despite the con
tinued rapping for order by the chairman
the convention was slow In reaching such
a state of quiet as . would admit of the
transaction of business.
Chairman Thomas announced that the
committee on credentials was not ready
to report as yet. Instead of following tho
programme that previously had been ar
ranged, and proceeding 1 at once to the
other business of the convention, Josephus
Daniels of North. Carolina was recognized
by the chairman for a motion to adjourn
until 8:30 to-night.
Amid considerable confusion Chairman
Thomas, at 4:51, declared the motion car
ried. • .
ENTHUSIASM SHOWN
v AT NIGHT SESSION
Mention of Brian's Name the
Signal for a Tremendous
</ Demonstration.
KANSAS CITY, July 4.— The scene pre
sented at the night session of the conven
tion rwas one , of brilliancy and beauty.
The vast auditorium was splendidly il
luminated by great arc lights that gleam
ed from dizzy heights about the hall nice
huge ¦ stars. The^color scheme presented
among the Innumerable lights was of un
surpassed beauty. : From every available
point in the immense steel superstructure
festoons of the national colors were flut
tering sally In the delightful breeze that
Continued From Page T-wo.
BOISTEROUS
SESSIONS OF
CONVENTION
The first mention of Mr. Bryan's name
came near the end of Chairman Teller's
speech. It started a perfect storm of ap
plause, but the demonstration was excelled
by that which occurred when Charles, A.
Towne's name was mentioned. The dele
gates one and all. jumped to their feet,
waving flags, handkerchiefs, fans and
hats and Bhoutlng and cheering for Bryan
and Towne. For two or three minutes
the delegates cheered for their choices,
and when a moment later Chairman Tel
ler finished his speech and sank -nearly
exhausted into his chair he was surround
ed by delegates on the stage and congrat
ulated.
E. S; Corser of Minnesota presented a
resolution providing for a committee of
fifteen, of which Henry M. Teller should
be chairman,' to present to the Demo
cratic convention the name of Charles 'A.
Towne as a candidate for Vice President,
and that a similar committee of confer
ence be appointed to confer with a com
mittee which shall be appointed by the
Democratic National Convention.
The various State delegations announced
their selections for members of the com
mittees, and pending their organization
and report the convention adjourned until.
10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
The committee on resolutions. Senator
Duboia chairman, had a protracted ses
sion to-night. Several drafts of platforms
and numerous amendments were read and
discussed. A sub-comnalttee of seven,
Senator Dubois chairman, was appointed
to take up the eeveral reports and amend
ments seriatim and report a platform to
the committee to-morrow after the ad
journment of the morning session..
Chairman Teller was given the closest
attention throughout his speech, which
was nearly an hour in duration.
"Were we wrong in leaving the St. Louis
convention?" questioned he, and a thunder
of noes came from the delegates. "If I
had not left the party in 1896 I would have
done so even' month since," said he. "The
conditions now are a thousand times
worse than they were then."
> Cheers for Bryan and Towne.
"With sucn. a record is it 'strange that thou
sands of men who have been members or the
Republican party find It inconsistent with their
sense of duty to continue in Its support, and
turn to some other organization to find a belter
expression of their views? I feel assured that
with Mr. Bryan's nomination and election will
come a better condition of administration In
all departments of the Government — a better
hope for the masses; better opportunities far
struggling labor and liberty to our own pcop.e
and all that are within our jurisdiction in th«
lslands of the seas. • .
Mr. Teller referred to the refusal of Con
eTess<to adopt a resolution of sympathy
with the Boers, and closed as follows:
Its policy is not. as it '.was once, to rely upon
the people to support Republicanism, and to
maintain order and obedience to law, but. on
the contrary, it now demands an army of 100,
000 men, not to defend the country against a
foreign foe. but to defend the wealth of the
country against the people of the country. At
one time individual judgment and conscience
governed Senators and Representatives In Con
gresB; now it is a caucus that controls the
action of the representatives of the States and
the people. Caucus domination Is bad. but it
Is worse when, as now, the caucus Is controlled,
not bv Senators or members, but by influences
entirely outside of official life.
To-daj' it stands for all the combines and
syndicates that . are robbing the people be
cause It derives its great power and strength
from such combinations.
says kingly power, always professedly exer
cised for the welfare of the subjects. \
The results In Cuba do not justify 'any laud
ation of the appointees or of the method of
their selection, for a more disgraceful chap
ter in American history has not been written
than this of the administration of postal affairs
In Cuba under Republican officials.
Rhetorical flights about our destiny and our
duty to take charse of the government and
morals of the Philippines against their will
and to secure to them the blessings of . free
institutions will not deceive the American peo
ple any more than It will the objects of our
supposed benevolence. •
What they demand of us is that we shall
be true to our traditions and declarations that
"the Just powers of government are derived
from the consent of the governed." A guar
antee that such will be our policy will doubt
less bring peace "to the PhHIppines.
He declared that the Republican party
was no longer the party of the people, as
it was for many years, and said:
KANSAS CITT. July 4.— The na
tional convention of the Silver
Republican party met in the Au
ditorium Theater to-day. The
delegates were rather slow In
firrivinF and It was some time after
:2 o'clock, the hour fixed for th© con
vention, when Chairman Charles A.
Towr>e*a gravel fell and the party formed
In St. I»uis four years after the bolt
from the Republican National Convention
tvas launched on its first regular national
gathering.
Twenty-four States and Territories were
repti sc-nted at the convention. Compara
tlvely few spectators were present, owing
to the assembling of the Democratic Na
tional Convention, but .there were dele
gate? in abundance, especially large dele
cations being seated from Kansas, Nt
t'ra.-ka. Minnesota. Iowa and Colorado.
Shortly before 1 o'clock the Minnesota
geJegate*. n^aded by a band and cprrylnp \
t. huge, uar.urr bearing the pictures of
Bryan and Towne, entered the hall amid
a.' ruar of cheering, and a moment after
ward Chairman Towne rapped the con
vention to order and introduced Rev. Mr.
Bfg« low of Cincinnati, who Invoked divine
l»I<»?sin>r on the convention.
Dr. fcigelow's prayer was a passionate
ari>' al for relief ••from the chains that are
binding us and the golden padlocks that
are beias forged for our lips, from t>e
national fin and the vengeance that is ,
fcur- to fall."
* # In that solemn day," Dr. Bigelow con- ;
tinutd, "that comes to men and nations,
and when that destiny shall have fulij
arpeared as we ar*- now shaping, may we ;
rot have to point for justification to the
altars raided on the souls of our fellow ;
men."
Cheers for the Clergyman.
Th<* unusual spectacle was then present
ed of a minister being cheered.
"Tharik God. there's one minister who
lov*-:- the poor." shouted a California del
<paf. ana the delegates cheered and ap-
After the playing of the "Star-Spar.gled
Banner^ l>y the Poston Military Band of
Minneapolis the secretary of the commit
t**«? read the call of the convention and
Stanley E. Parkhill of Minnesota read the
I'edarati'jn of Independence. The dele
gates and audience stood while the band
:• idered "Ameri'a."
Temporary Chairman Towne then lntro
<Jucc-a l>r. Howard S. Taylor of Chicago
as the poet of the new political move
ment, who read his poero, entitled "The
ULi-rty }'.' 11." Preceding the recitation
at the po<-m the author, to the gratifica
tion of the convention, made a short
Fpeech. in which he compared some of
me leading characters of 1776 to those
of the last Republican convention in Phil
adelphia, liis r«-rr.ark that George Wash
fngton was consjjicuously distinguished
from some of \)v of 1900 in that he
could not tell a lie, mot with a spirited
response from the convention. His refer- !
<?nce to th*> military carwr of Roosevelt. '
In which he charged that the latter was
-wearing the plume that belonged to
the Ninth and Tenth (colored) regiments,
caused a demonstration which threaten
«-<1 to delay the proceedings of the con
vention.
Chairman Towne's Address.
Temporary Chairman Towne then dellv
«r*d the following address?:
Gentlemen of the Convention: I congratulate
you that it is your privilege to witness the aus
picious opening of the one hundred and twentv
fourth aT-.r.lverE&ry of the birthday of vne ri
r-ub:ic. and that a day «o rich In the fallowed
euer'sticne or our peculiar citizenship and tn
the priceless memories or our national hletory
Is here dedlcrted to one of the most Important
and scleiKn duties that ca.n devolve upon
Americans.
I congratulate you also upon the character In
which ~ ou ¦¦*• assembled. A Silver Republican
convention is always a meeting of patriots.
Treatise It Is composed of men who by their ac
tions have shown how superior to party alle
sriance they hold the obligations of citizenship
tnd how lax above the allurements of personal
«. rr.bitlons th»-y place the progress of a great
caure an4 the welfare of the whole country.
Flr.a!ly. I congratulate you upon the high
purpose that brings you together. In common
with the chosen representatives of that great
cr«ranlfy»tlon whlf-h occupies the center of the
alli»-<l political reform forces of the nation, we
have come to this beautiful city to taXe coun
f\ together touching the dangers that threaten
The republic: to reaffirm the fundamental prtn
c-ifles of human liberty and popular Institu
tions: to declare the policies that should con
trol the legislation and administration of the
Government, and to nominate candidates for
Vice President end President of the United
states.
On the Fourth of Jul
Tfc* whole circuit of the year could offer to this
occasion no other day so appropriate to its
r.l.Ject bt the fourth day of July. It will be
one of the chW duties of these two great con
vention* to meet the present crave crisis in
«-;«r hif-lory, due to the recreancy of Republican
Jrarteirhip. to the fundamental principles of our
Just Hut irn«, by proclaiming anew the Immortal
truths <if the Declaration of Independent and
by calllnc upon the jiatrfotiFm of the country
to maintain and perpetuate the glorious tradi
t."cs of the republic. For a century' and a
quarter this ««f has been sacred to tries- holy
ideals. \\*> ha\«- welcomed its advent with ac
clamations of joy. We have celebrated its
1-riwjress with patriotic exercises, with music
an.l *r.nr and In *l«*ch. We bare lighted lt»
d'-rarture with bonfires and with neaven-
Fearrh'.tiR torches alraon rivaling the brii-
Uucy of the Ftars. This we ha*% done be
cause on that fateful Fourth of July morning
a hundred an<i tw*>nty-four years msto our
fathers proclaimed the birth of a new nation
jiinopp the powers of the earth— a nation in the
'vordf of the greater Uf publican, "conceived
Sia liberty and dedicated to the proposition that
I CH men are created «Hiual." because <1urir.tr
¦ .-wry moment of our biFtory since then until
irow the t-ubllme proclamations of that declara
tion have faithfully voiced the convictions and
arriratim* of an overwhelming majority of the
Am'-rir-an people, and because we have always
believed. as we most devoutly do believe to-
day, tEat the preservation of this republic and
the accomplishment of Its mission of peace and
liberty among the people of the earth depend
upon the reverent observance and stalwart de
fense by us of the principles thus announced
by our fathers.
For us. a? former members of the Republi
can party, a special though now melancholy in
terest attaches to the Declaration of Independ
ence for the reason that when the first national
convention of that party assembled in the his
toric city of Philadelphia forty-four .years ago
last month the inevitable associations of the
place and the then noble sentiments of the
party causrj the adoption of a platform of
which the following is the first clause of the
very first resolution:
"Resolved. That the maintenance of the
principles promulgated in the Declaration of
Independence and embodied In the Federal con
stitution Is e-ip ntial to the preservation of our
republican institutions."
The Philadelphia Convention.
A few days ago another convention of the
Republican party met in the city of Philadel
phia, the date being selected as near as possi
ble to the anniversary of the convention ot
1&56. But mark this startling and most signi
ficant fa*t: In. all ibe numerous resolutions
so skillfully framed £y' this convention of 1900,
there appears not "He resolution, not one word,
not one syllable of reference to the Declara
tion of Independence. Could anything more
clearly Illustrate the decadence of that once
splendid and patriotic organization? The sacred
precincts of the old colonial capital sheltered
for them no shade of Washington or Jefferson
or Henry or Otis or Rutledge or Adams. For
theYn there was no magic In the name of "Phll
adelj'hla." whese very utterance has been wont
to stir the souls of four generations of Ameri
cans witfa memories of Independence day, In6.
For them no precedent spoke of June, 1856.
Stranpe. inexplicable, that a' great convention
of Republicans could assemble in the city of
Philadelphia and remain deaf and dumb to the
echoes of that momentous history! "While every
"babbling RosMp of the air" was repeating over
and over again t» those that had ears to hear,
"that all men are created equal: that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain un
aiienable rights; that among- these are life,
liberty and the pursuit of hippiness: that to
fecure these lights governments are instituted
amone men, deriving their Just powers from
the consent of the governed": to them the
associations of the place were as dumb as the
riven throat of old Liberty Bell.
And so that convention adjourned without
proclaiming Its devotions to the doctrines
whose fame had glorified and sanctified not
only the city where It met. but the early days
of the party whose ancient faith it repudiated.
Calls It Hanna's Party.
For. eentlemen of the convention. It needed
but this one act of sacrilege to complete the
demonstration that the party of Marcus A.
Hanna stands for absolutely nothing. In either
doctrine or spirit, that characterized the party
of Abraham Lincoln. The men whom we to
day immediately- represent left the Republican
party in 1S:<6 chiefly because of its action at St,
Louis in betraying the cause of bimetallism
and .surrendering to the banking combination.
Fundamentally that question is as vital now
as It was then. But the movement toward the
fcOld standard was only a specific example of
a general tendency. A. money monopoly has
been followed by all the other monopolies, and
the resulting plutocracy, pursuing the course
of Its prototypes in ancient and medieval his
tory, now seeks further exploitation by con
quest and to entrench its power behind the
class distinctions and centralized authority of
militarism. That party has become the in
strument of the forces of reaction atralnst the
principles of democratic*! institutions. All
men who eee the danger must unite to avert
It. If we had not left the Republican party
In 1SS6 we should be compelled, as patriots, to
leave in 1900, and forever.
Tb* party of Lincoln, in the preamble to its
JJrst platform, adopted in June, 1S56. declared its
purpose to be to restore "the action of Fed
eral Government to the principles of Washing
ton and Jefferson." The principles of Wash
ington and Jefferson may be thus briefly sum
marized: Abroad, no entanpllng alliances; at
home, equal rights for all. special privileges to
none. The present leadership of the Repub
lican party ha* revolutionized the foreign pol
icy of the Government and whether, as we have
abundance of evidence for believing, there la a
virtual alliance between the United States and
Great Britain at this moment or not. certain It
is that, in the words or Washington, we have
left "our own to Etand upon foreign ground,"
and that euch an alliance must inevitably be
the Issue of the present diplomacy ol the ad
ministration, tf persisted In.
In our domestic concerns the Republican
party, by a careful system of special privileges
to the few. has built up the power of certain
cruel and nelflsh influences until they are pre
dominant in Industry and politics and have
virtually destroyed the democratic element In
our social life and' in the Government. By
law the great fp»eulative banks have been em
powered to usurp the eoverelsn function of ls-
Fuing currency and to establish a gigantic
money trust. Throueh failure to enaet appro
priate legislation and to enforce existing stat
utes, and by tariffs dictated by special Inter
ests, vast monopolies in .production and trans
portation have h*en enabled to erect and main
tain a despotism over the Industry ° r the
country-
Repudiation Alleged.
Bimetallism, as ancient and honorable faith
of the Republican party, has been openly re
pudiated by Its degenerate modern leadership,
after a course of euch brazen hypocrisy as has
awakened the amazement of mankind. ' Pro
tection, declared in Abraham Lincoln's plat
form of 1SC0 to be a policy incidentally to be
observed in the raising of necessary revenue
by tariff duties, has been made an end In
Itself and distorted Into an engine of oppression
and robbery of the many for the benefit of the
few as represented by the monopolies and trust
combinations. '
And recently, ;.. the culmination of a long
progress of abandonment, we have . seen the
Republican party turn away finally from its
most fundamental faith and sever the last
remaining link that bound it to a glorious
past. It has repudiated the Declaration of In
dependence. It has proclaimed the pre-emi
nence of Congrew above the constitution. From
the championship 0 ? freedom, striving always
and everywhere to amplify its guarantees and
to broader, its definition, it has descended to be
come the advocate ot the rzgnt of conquest and
to pettlfor in the forum of the reason and
sympathy of mankirii to nhow how narrow and
clrcurnBcrlbed nn«l accidental a thine a liberty
Is. The rlchts of unfortunate nations, who bo
prize liberty that they are willing to die for it,
are declared to rest no longer la original Jus-
tice. but on the permission of a Republican ad
ministration. The platform adopted last month
at Philadelphia declares "that the blessings oi
liberty" are to be •'conferred upon all the
rescued peoples" by the Republican party. It
was the belief of Washington and Jefferson and
Lincoln. It was the ancient faith of the Ameri
can people, that God gives liberty to all races
of men and that no splf-vaunted benevolent des
potism can either confer.it or take it away.
What God has decreed to be the inheritance of
a.l men McKInley shall not be permitted to
deny to any. We appeal from the last plat
form of the Republican party to the Declaration
of Independence; from the impious presumption
of a perverse President to the eternal Justice
of the Almighty Father, "whose Judgments are
true and righteous altogether."
Mr. Towne's declaration that the Re
publican platform amounted 'to a repeal
of the Declaration of Independence
brought the delegates to their feet, and
his statement that the convention had
met to redeclare the principles of that
instrument was enthusiastically ap
plauded.
* Senator Teller Introduced.
"I wish now to Introduce aV temporary
chairman," said Mr. Towne, in conclusion,
"that grand old man of Colorado, Senator
Henry M. Teller."
Every delegate jumped to his feet and
shouted his approval of- Senator Teller,
as the latter stepped to the speaker's ta
ble. Mr. Towne presented Speaker Teller
with a gavel made from wood taken from
Lincoln's old home at Springfield, 111 .
which was presented to the convention
by Lincoln Dubois of Illinois.
Speaker Teller then delivered an elo
quent address, dealing with the monetary
question and bitterly denouncing the de
monetization of silver. Senator Teller
said:
Questions of foreign and domestlo policies
growing out of or incident to the last Spanish
war have especially attracted the attention ot
the people during the last two years and will
continue to do so, but must not and will not be
allowed to obscure the great and still unsettled
question. "What shall be the financial system
of the republic?
I say still unsettled question because no sreat
economic Question can be settled until It Is set
tled in a way to do Justice to all. We do not
believe the action of the Republican adminis
tration in establishing the gold standard, with
a carefully prepared plan to destroy the green
backs, treasury notes, silver certificates and
silver dollars and to turn over to the national
banks the issue of all paper money that the
commercial needs of the people may demand,
meets with th* approbation of the people. The
people believe that gold and silver coins are the
money of the constitution and that If paper
money is to be issued it should bear the stamp
of the Government and have back of it the
wealth and power of the nation and not that
of a private corporation.
The people believe that the United States
Government Is better able to support, regrulate
and control paper Issue than a. corporation, how
ever rich the corporation may be or how wise
may be its manaeers.
Senator Teller criticised the sold stand
ard legislation of the last session of Con
gress and asked if we should place ob
. stacles in the way of those who search
out hidden riches of the earth and dedi
cate them to the use of mankind. The
Senator, after reviewing the action of the
.Republican convention of 1896 and subse
quent legislation, said:
The Republican party has thrown oft the
mask and no longer pretend3 to favor even in
ternational bimetallism. It Is well that It
should do so. for the pledge of 1896 was made
to secure votes, as was frankly admitted by
leading Republicans as soon as the campaign
wai over. •
Refers to the "War Tax.
The Senator claimed that the stimulus
to business experienced in the last few
years was due largely to the increase of
the cold output and the continued produc
tion of silver, thus connrmlng the bl
metallist quantitative theory of money.
He continued:
The Republicans boast that they have reduced
the war debt $40,000,000. They fall to mention
the fact that they have increased the national
bonded debt $200,000,000 before they attempted
to reduce it. Nor do they mention the fact
that they are collecting: an Internal revenua
from the people nearly, if not quite, 1150,000.000
a year more than any other administration did
in time of peace.
He contended that the present prosper
ity was not due to the Republican admin
istration or to the Dingley bill or the gold
standard legislation.
With a United States statute for their
control declared by the highest court of
the land to be constitutional, he said, the
Republican Attorney General declares
that the great trusts are beyond the power
of ?he courts and cannot be restrained in
their work of spoliation of the public. It
was certain no honest effort has been
made by the party in power to control the
trusts or in any way mitigate their per
nicious policy, nor would such effort be
made by that party in the future. Evi
dently trusts were secure while the Re
publican party was in power.
Mr Teller reviewed the war with Spain
and its results, concluding that the refer
ence to the" Philippines, that there "ap
pears to beno way to protect the. peo
nie of these islands, to maintain the peace
of the world, and our own honor, except
to exercise- sovereign power over the* isl
ands until the people could form a gov
ernment of their own. I believe," he con.
tinued. "that public sentiment and the In-,
terest of the people of the islands demand
He had never doubted that it was our
duty to accord to the Filipinos the right
of self-government In their domestic af
fairs. p orto mco Cuba. ,
The Porto RIcan legislation and the ad
ministration's sudden change of front on
that question were criticized and the
speaker continued:
The Republican platform declares, as to the
inhabitants of our new possessions, "the largest
measure of self-government consistent with
their welfare and our duties shall \be secured
to them by law." This is the language of the
despot. "Consistent with their welfare." So ]
Silver Republican Convention Organizes, Declares
Itself for Towne for the Vice Presidency, Ap
points a Conference Committee and Listens to
Free Coinage Speeches.
THE FOUR LEADING CANDIDATES FOR THE VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION.
Heated Speeches Made Before the Platform Commit
tee, George Fred Williams Denouncing Anti-
Silverites as Traitors and Trimmers and
Senator MoneY Hurling Defiance at Bryan.
KANSAS CITT, July 4.— The contest
over the question of the monetary
ratio, which has been brewing
ever since the delegates to the
convention began to assemble,
found expression in the committee on res
olutions when' it assembled to-day. Sena
tor Jones of Arkansas was unanimously
chosen chairman and Mr. Metcalf of Ne
braska secretary.
Metcalf presented the draft of a plat
form, covering all questions of public in
terest, which draft all the members ac
cepted as Mr. Bryan's expressed opinion
on this question. Giranr'of Georgia also
presented a platform, as did Van Wyck
of New York. All these documents took
practically the same ground on all ques
tions except that of finance. Metcairs
declaration was for the reafflrmation of
the Chicago platform in letter and spirit,
and it emphasized and reiterated specific
cally the declaratloiTfor the free" coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. Both the
other drafts simply reaffirmed the Chi
cago platform without, reference to the
ratio.
Van Wyck led off with a brief statement
saying that while in his platform he had
referred to four issues as prominent,
namely, those of imperialism, militarism,
trusts and the finances, he considered that
only three of these were of current conse
quence, believing that tho money question
had been crowded into the background by
other subjects which had pressed, to the
front during the past four years.
Daniel's Change of Front
Senator Daniel of Virginia, somewhat to
would no longer be any ark of refuge for
the plain people.
Money's Defiance to Bryan.
Senator Money of Mississippi antagoniz
ed the 16 to 1 proposition and said Bryan
had no ricrht to dictate to the convention,
but should be satisfied with a reaffirma
tion of the Chicago platform ,if the con
vention deemed that the wise course to
pursue. He said that while he yielded to
no one in his admiration of Mr. Bryan,
neither Mr. Bryan nor any other man was
big enough to coerce the conscience of the
whole Democratic party.
G. Irving Handy of Delaware took a
position In favor of a reiteration of the
platform instead of a reafnrmation.
"If you reaffirm the platform," he said,
"you will have to include in it an attack
en the Supreme Court, though the Chi
cago riots, which caused that declaration,
are a thing of the past. If we reaffirm
the platform you still declare for silver.
You cau't silence that grea.1 voice in Ne
braska. In tones that are heard from
ocean to ocean will the man you are going
to nominate declare that the Democratic
party Is for free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. without
the consent of any other nation on earch."
Great interest was manifested In tho
speech of Carter Harrison of Chicago.
He went over many arguments that have
been made since the conve: .ion began,
and declared that proper action was to
reaffirm the Chicago platform. Said he:
"We must have recruits or we cannot
win. and we must get them In Indiana.
Illinois and Wisconsin. States which are
ready to leave the Republican party on
other Issues."
Senator Blackburn of Kentucky made a
strong speech for 16 to 1. The Senator
referred in uncomplimentary terms to the
members of the committee who, he said,
were deserting the historic ratio. He was
replied to in spirited language by Sena
tor Daniel of Virginia.
the surprise of some of the members of
the . committee, followed Van Wyck In
support of his views of the question. The
Senator said that no man who knew him
would doubt for a minute that he now
stood where he had stood on the silver
question In '96. and he entertained pre
cisely the same views on the subject
which then controlled him. He was, how
ever, anxious to bring back into the fold
of the party those who had left it four
years ago on account of- the position
taken on the sliver question and if this
could be accomplished, as he believed it
could, by omitting all reference to the
ratio, he, for one, was content to pursue
that course, simply reaffirming the Chi
cago platform.
Fitzgerald of Colorado followed In a
warm speech denouncing in most emphatic
language any effort to minimize the finan
cial question.
"If." he said, referring tojthe platform
presented by Metcalf,. "Mr. Bryan is a
good enough man, then the platform ap
proved by him should be good enough."
.. George Fred "Williams of -Massachusetts
passionately declared he did not believe
in deserting those people who had left
their own partfes to support the Demo
cratic policy of four years ago for the
purpose of regaining the support of the
traitors and trimmers who had left the
Democratic party because of its financial
position.
"There is no reason," he exclaimed, "for
making any concession to treason."
Continuing 1 , he asked: "Are we going to
drive the Populists into the middle of the
road in order to get back the traitors?
Are we going to sell out our principles to
the.tories of the Democratic party, and
desert our real friends?"
He predicted that if this course was to
be pursued the trusts would take posses
sion of the Democratic party as they had
already taken possession of the Repub
i Mean party, and that in that event there
CHAIRMAN RICHARDSON MENTIONS BRYAN'S NAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSRaY, JULY 5/ 1900.
swept through the hall from the south
tempering pleasantly the heat of the
night. Banked in the commodious ffal
lerles which rl?e in tiers from the space
reserved far the delegates and alternates
were thousands of spectators, the cool
attire of the men making a pretty, but not
sharp, contrast with the more brilliant
costumes of the ladles. It was notable
that nearlv every male spectator was In
nla shirt sleeves, and the varl-colored dis
play of outing shtrt3 was a spectacle sel
dom witnessed anywhere on a scale so
vast.
The Incessant waving of fans, many of
them of bright colors, grave an observer
the Impression of thousands of butterflies
hovering over the audience. The constant
shuffling of feet and the continuous hum
of conversation sounded like the roar of
surf breaking upon a rocky coast.
Xearly an hour before the convention
was called to order the spectators' seats
were filled. Hundreds of persons. Indeed
had remained in the hall from the after
noon session. As the delegates assembled
the people in the great amphitheater ac
corded the leaders, one after another, cor
dial receptions.
Far Hr> in the gallery next to the roof
— the gallery that overhangs the main au
ditorium — an ellipse of faces peered down
upon the scene below, presenting a cu
rious picture.
The audience wa3 thoroughly good na-
3
HURRAH!
HURRAH!
HURRAH!
Independence day was a happy time for
the American boy and a happy tlm* for
the old proprietors and entire staff of
Smith's Cash Store. The old management
is again directing Its affairs. It will be still
happy, happier, happiest, when we know
that our former patrons, during the last
twenty years, are showing their apprecia-
tion of our efforts In their behalf by again
giving us their confidence and patronaee.
Will this be realized? Our fine
TEA SPICES SAUCES
COFFEE MEATS SYBUPS
BUTTER CANNED GOODS FISH
EGGS MEALS CHEESE
Every delicacy for the table will bo
brought up at once to its old reliable
standard and kept there. Inferior goods
have no place In our stock. It is not hoTv
cheap . but how good that we aim at. If
you have been disappointed elsewhere wo
stand ready to remedy the trouble.
CASH STORE:
25-27 Market St., near the Ferry
BARCLAY J. SMITH. Manager.
s The original reliable and largest mail or-
der house. Ask for Catalogues, free."Gentlemen of the convention. It gives
me creat pleasure to Introduce to you
the permanent chairman of this conven
tion, Hon. James D. Richardson of Ten
nessee.
Mr. Richardson repeatedly bowed his
acknowledgments of the cheers that
swept In wave after wave through" the
hall.
The first token of approval given to his
address was that which greeted his first
mention of 16 to 1. The. applause, how
ever, was rather feeble and scattering.
Much more energetic was 'the shout that
followed the declaration that the coming
campaign was -to be . a trial of the re
public against the empire.
The hall had become very quiet by this
time and the address of Chairman Rleh
axdson waa given a much better hearing
Owing to the densely packed condition
of the aisles it. required some little time
for Messrs. Carnpau, McCreary and Phe
lan to get close enough to Mr. Richard
son to escort him to the platform: The
four men marching in single file, the col
umn headed by Governor McCreary.
plowed their way to the Fide of Chairman
Thomas. Governor McCreary advanced
to the front of the platform and said:
Chairman Trfomas then called for the
report of the committee on permanent or
ganization. When it was announced that
Hon. J D. Richardson of Tennessee had
been selected as permanent chairman
cheers swept over the great audience.
The report recommended that Hon. J.
B. Klcnardson of Tennessee be made per
manent chairman of thetonvention; also
that the temporary secretary', assistant
eecretaries, *>ergeant-at-arms, reading
clerks and special officers U-j made th»
permanent officers of the convention, and
in addition, that Hon. Lincoln DIxon of
Indiana, Hon. Jefferson Pollard of Mis
souri, Hon. William Cromwell of Ken
tucky, and Hon. W. F. M. Bernamer of
Illinois be recommended as assistant sec
retaries.
Chairman Thomas, after the adoption of
the report without debate, appointed a
committee consisting of former Governoi
McCreary of Kentucky, Daniel Campau
of Michigan, and Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco to escort the permanent chair
man to the platform.
Cheers for Richardson.
The report of the committee was then
adopted aa presented without further de
bate.
District of Columbia contest, Mr. Van
diver moved to recommit that part of the
report to the committee. The motion was
lost amid a storm of "noes."
While this strife was going on between
the two States the frenzy had -taken hold
of the other delegations, and from all
parts of the hall- men came plunging
through the throng, carrying their State
emblems. They became densely packed In
front of the speaker's d'esk, and, .y«lling
and cheering like maniacs, they. strove to
raise the names of their States level with
that of New York. The effort was use
less, however. Held firm by the Tammany
men. New, York kept Its place. .
The Georgia men, wrought up by their
Frenzy Seizes Delegates.
than any that had preceded It. His ar
raignment of the failure of the Repub
lican party to establish bimetallism and
the creation Instead of a single gold
standard waa received with manifesta
tions of hearty approval.
Wild Outburst for Bryan,
The conclusion of Chairman Richard
son's speech, which he had arranged un
der sixteen separate heads, was the sig
nal for terrific applause and cheers.
His mention of the name of W, J. Bryan
brought the convention to its feet in a
frenzy of excitement. Delegates sprang
upon their chairs, waving hats, handker
chiefs, and umbrellas In the wildest fash
ion. By a common lmpulae the guidons
bearing the names *pf the States were
torn up and thrust Into the air. Then
down the aisles toward the speaker's desk
came groups of delegates surrounding the
man who held the name of their- State
alfift. Texas and New York became en
gaged In a rivalry as to which should
hold the name of the State highest In
the air. The Lone Star State had the ad
vantage at the outset, for the New York
standard had been grasped by one of the
small men of the delegation. This was
quickly remedied when the Tammany
men saw themselves 'in second place. The
pole bearing the name of the State was
grabbed from the small New Yorker, he
was bumped down into his chair, nnd
Kellar, Indorsed by New York for Vice
President, seized lt.^ Kellar put Texas In
second place in a flash and try as desper
ately as he might, the Texan could not
place the name of his State within a foot
of that of New York. Wild with excite
ment, the Texans grasped their man,
raised him on their shoulders and New
York was down again— but as before it
went down only to rise higher: Richard
Croker, Grady. Carroll and a half-dozen
others of the New York delegation came
to Kellar's aid and the emblem of the
Empire State went up again nearer the'
celling by a foot than Texas had reached.
After the excitement had continued fif
teen minutes Chairman Richardson at
tempted to bring order out of the chaos
that ruled upon the floor.*: Now 'and then
the patter of his gavel .could be heard,
and every time the ¦ sound . reached : the
ears of a delegate he. shrieked the louder.
Time after. time the chairman attempted
to restore q ulet. :< but he was utterly lost
and overwhelmed with each fresh effort.
Half-Hour of Excitement.
failure to equal New York, made a rush
for the epeaker"s stand. They went
through the crowd with a force that no
opposition of the crowd could prevent, and
pushing, shoving, clawing and cheering,
they hoisted their man upon the platform
and lifted him upon a chair. The 'effort
was successful and New York was
eclipsed once more. Kellar Is no small
man to hold aloft In a*crowd of strug
gling, pushing men, and the Tammany
crowd was nearly ready to drop with ex
haustion, but a glance at the Georgia ban
ner brought new strength into their
wearied arms and new determination Into
their hearts, and Mr. Kellar went up still
higher, and New York was on top once
more.
The convention by this time waa In a
state of frantic excitement. The men
from Hawaii, carrying their large banner,
came down the aisle, followed by a
shouting mob which bore all before It.
The band struck up "The Stars and
Stripes," and to these inspiring strains the
men commenced to march around the
floor, yelling like madmen, waving every
thing that could be lifted into the air.
Hats, handkerchiefs, umbrellas. State em
blems, banners and the national colors
were united into. a conglomerate wave,
and beneath It marched a crowd of men
fairly beside themselves with excitement.
With flushed faces, down which the per
spiration rolled in streams, many with
out coats and vests, they went around and
around the hall, shouting, yelUns: and
screaming at the top of their voices.
Those delegates who did not join In the
march lent most effective aid in Increas
ing the uproar. They could contribute
nothing but their voices and their hats
f.nd handkerchiefs, but they used tho first
as though they Were made of brass, and
originally designed for one night's wear
only, and the latter two in a manner fully
as energetic. The band did Its share, and
the tootera of horns and the beaters of
sheepskins worked away for dear 'life.
Nobody knew what they played— nobody
cared. They were doing their full ¦ share,
and that was all that wag necesasry.
KANSAS» N CITY. July 4.— Very Httle that
was tangible developed in the Vice Presi
dential situation to-night, although the
Stevenson candidacy apparently met
with favor and there seemed to
be a possibiliy of this being the
solution of the .question. The de
termination of the Indiana delegation
to put Shiveley in the field caused a little
diversion during a part of the day, but
Mr. Shiveley distinctly Bald this evening
that he was not a candidate 'and would
not be. . As to the action of the Indiana
delegation, he . said that after what he
had told the delegates there was no rea- !
son for the belief that he would be a can- I
dldate. Friends of Stevenson said that
they would have been perfectly willing a
short time ago to support- Shiveley,' but
after the positive statement made yester
day that he would not be a candidate and
would not be presented by Indiana, they
now felt that they should stand by Ste
venson. - B'TPP' BBCWWlflWtMjraBpmlwii
' The demonstration made over Hill In the
convention- to-day was -taken by some to
mean that the convention would be stam
peded for.hlm. but Hill does not think so.
and It is possible that If he makes a
speech on the platform he will make i
plain that he could not be a candidate' on !
BRIGHT OUTLOOK
FOR STEVENSON
Twenty minutes after Chairman Rich
ardson had mentioned the«name of Bryan,
which, like the waving of a magic wand,
had conjured up a scene of such wonder
ful enthusiasm as has seldom been wit
nessed In a political convention, he began
to rap for order, but the delegates were
not yet ready to yield the floor even to
the chairman of the convention. The band
In the gallery started a patriotic air, and,
despite the continuous efforts of Chair
man Richardson to restore order, the
demonstration continued for nine and a
half minutes longer. Its total length being
twenty-nine and a half- minutes.
Order then was sufficiently restored to
enable the chairman to recognize Delegate
J.' Q. Johnson of Kansas, who made a
motion that the convention adjourn untlt
10:30 a. m. to-morrow. At 10:31 the chair
man declared the convention adjourned.
The spoken language of China la not
written and the written language la not
spoken.
presents to the leaders of the Boxers and
the commanders of the troops who drove
back Admiral Seymour, and also gave
money to every soldier taking part in the
operation."
An edict of Prince Tuan has reached
Shanghai, ordering the southern Viceroys
to assemble the Chinese fleet and to at
tack the warships at Shanghai.
Japan Is reported to be landing an army
to the northward of Taku. The Japanese
generals are believed to be about to move
toward 'Peking, following the plan pre
viously formulated.
Panic at Shanghai.
European and American residents In
Shanghai are quite In a panic over what
is viewed as the inadequate military
preparations of the powers. A dispatch
to the Express from Shanghai says that
according to the best military estimates
500,000 men will be necessary to subjugate
Northern China, and even then it will
take two or three years. The forces of
the Chinese Empire have gathered such
perilous traveling through the disturbed
area. The correspondent of the Dally
Telegraph at" Shimo Hal, telegraphing un
der date of July 3, says that Count Ito in
the course of an interview said the emer
gency had for a moment obscured the
gigantic question in the background It
was desirable, he declared, that there
should be a permanent settlement now
Some of the powers wished to postpone
a settlement because they were not ready
for it, but it was said that England was
not willing to postpone a decision
The morning papers publish editorials
regarding the impotence of the great pow
ers as shown by the inability to save their
Ministers. The Daily Telegraph says
"That any country should desert its Em
bassadors Is recognized as a most signal
dereliction of honor, but that all of the
powers of Europe, with the United States
and Japan, should confess their utter
impotence to save their entire corps dip
lomatique which are still, perhaps, fight
ing during the last hours of their lives
against a savage and brutal horde, seems
more incredible the more completely It is
realized."
According to roundabout reports, It 1b
asserted by the Chinese that Prince Tuan
Is personally directing the • assault" upon
the legation. He conferred honors and
gave large Bums of money and other
Direct tidings from Peking end with the
dispatch sent by Sir Robert Hart on
June 25. . ¦
Revolting stories are told of barbarities
practiced upon Japanese and European
prisoners captured on the way to Peking,
though it was not known before that Ad
miral Seymour had lost any prisoners.
The Chinese troops marching toward
Tientsin, the Chinese say, left behind
them trails of rapine^ fire and blood. Na
tive women were ravished and children
were cut In two.
Official news received af Chefu shows
that the Chinese have been guilty of hor
rible cruelty toward the wounded and cap
tured, subjecting them to what is known
as "lin che," or the slicing process. Under
this hideous rite the bodies of the fallen
have been mutilated. The Russians are
retaliating by the wholesale shooting of
natives. Tientsin, according to the Ex
press correspondent, shows no signs of
drifting Into barbarism and savagery.
Other advices, received, by way of
Shanghai, aver that the Chinese losses
around Tientsin are between. 7000 and S009
according to official estimates. The corre
spondent cf the Express at Chefu, tele
graphing Wednesday, says Admiral Sey
mour was wounded while sitting in a
house at Tientsin by Chinese sharpshoot
ers.
"SHANGHAI, July 4. 11:10 a. m. (via
Chefu).— Tientsin city fell between 7 and
i o'clock on the morning of June 30 "
It is understood that the dispatch un
doubtedly referred to the native city of
Tientsin, from which the Chinese have
been bombarding the foreign quarters, and
the dispatch is taken to mean that the al
lies are more than holding their own.
This telegram has been receivi
troops and Boxers occupying the country
between Tientsin ar.d Peking. So far from
taking the offensive, the 12,000 interna
tional troops at Tientsin and the SOX) oth
ers at Taku and intermediate points can
barely keep up communications, fighting
incessantly with overwhelming numbers
using far more numerous pieces' of artil
lery than the allies.
"I (eel confident that there will be no
radical silver declaration Inserted In the
platform. In fact. I have been assured
by members of the committee on resolu
tions that there will be only a reafflrma
tion of the platform adopted In 18W. i
was greatly pleased with the cordial greet
ing I got in the convention this afternoon.
As for the Vice Presidency, I am inclined
to believe that Mr. Stevenson of Illinois
would make a very acceptable candidate.
I must not forget to mention In the list oC
available;* Mr. Kellar. who haa been In
dorsed by the New York delegation."
This last was said sarcastically.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS
CITY. July 4.— David B. Hill of New York
made the following- statement to The Call
correspondent to-night:
EX-SENATOR HILL
CLAIMS VICTORY
able to supply Mr. Bryan with inside light
on the proceedings. A report was received
by Mr. Bryan that In the midst of a Hill
demonstration Mr. Hill shook his head.
"That's too bad." remarked Mr. Bryan,
dryly. "I suppose that he had a fly on
his nose and was too busy with his hands
to drive it off with them."
Benton Maret, formerly of Lincoln, com
piled bulletins at Kansas City and was
Mr. Bryan, apparently, was the least
concerned man in Lincoln as to what was
transpiring In the convention city. He was
In the best humor and entertained his
neighbors and friends who called during
the day with stories and incidents.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. July 4.— W. J. Bryan
spent the Fourth of- July In sending tele
grams to political friends and managers
and in receiving bulletins from the Na
tional Convention at Kansas City, which
is to nominate him for the Presidency.
The Bryan home was prettily, though not
elaborately, decorated with national col
ors.
Two other booms remain in much the
same condition as they were yesterday.
Both Towne and Sulzer are in the race,
although the convention does not seem In
clined to favor them. The Towne men
claim they have the support of Bryan and
that if 16 to 1 be put into the platform
their man will be the logical candidate.
The New York men say that the action
yesterday for John W. Kellar Is in earn
est and that they will try to obtain his
nomination. To-night the Vice Presidency
Is In doubt, with a leaning toward Steven
son.
BRYAN'S SARCASTIC
FUNG AT HILL
a Bryan platform. He says emphatically
that he will not be nominated.
J VIEW OF THE CITY OF PEKING FROM THE HATA-MEN GATE
IN THE SOUTH WALL. THE EUROPEAN QUARTER WITH THE
* FOREIGN LEGATIONS LIES TO THE RIGHT OF THIS GATE.
"^ THE PORTRAITS GIVEN ARE FOUR OF THE EMBASSADORS SAID
I' TO HAVE BEEN MURDERED-HON. E. H. CONGER OF THE UNITED
STATES, M. DE GIERS OF RUSSIA, SIR CLAUDE MACDONALD OF
J GREAT BRITAIN AND M. PIEHON OF FRANCE.
Travels of the Archbishop.
"We reached Naples about November
10," said he, "but did not embark. Wo
Archbishop Riordan. who has been for
seventeen years chief prelate of the Ro
inan Catholic church in California. left
San Francisco in Octo.ber. 1S93. with his
secretary. Rev. Fathers P. E. Mulligan,
and was Joined by hia brother, Rev. Fa
ther Daniel J. Riordan. rector of St.
Elizabeth's Church, Chicago. All three
sailed from this city on the Hamburg-
American liner Augusta Victoria on No
vember 4. Father Mulligan when visited
•it the rectory to-day said that in their
absence they had visited Italy, France.
Helpium. England and Ireland, but had
spent more time at Rome than at any
other place. _---'
He arrived on the White Star line
Oceanic and he and his companions drove
from the 'company pier to the rectory of
St. Patricks Cathedral, where they will
stay for a few days. They would have
gone to Archbishop Corrigan's residence,
but the New York prelate is now absent
on his official visit to Rome. The three
travelers returned in the beat of health
and much gratified with the r&uit of their
visit to Rome and their audience with the
Pope. »
T% T EW YORK, July 4.— Archbishop
j\ I Patrick W. Riordan of San Fran-
I \j cisco reached this city to-day with
I \ his brother and private secretary
after an eight months' • absence
from America, in the course of which he
made his dicennial report of affairs In
his archdiocese to the Propaganda at
Rome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
went thence to Genoa and Rome, reaching
the latter city cbout November 10, and
we did not leave Rome till March. Wo
had an audience with the Pope about
December 12, if I remember right."
"Did the Pope seem in good hfalth?"
"Remarkably so for a man of his years."
said Father Mulligan. "He la feeble, of
course, as a person of 91 must be. but ruj
looked well and bore in wonderful
fashion the ordeal of the reception and
ceremony through which he had to pass.
Our conversation with him .was carried
on in French, that language and Italian
being his usual medium of conversation
with clergymen visiting him.
"The Archbiahop informed him of th»
progress and growth of hia diocese ami
the holy father seemed extremely grati
fied. He takes keen Interest in every
thing pertaining: to this young country,
you know, and he expressed to us his feel
ing for America ana his pleasure in the
good news we brought him of the state
of the church here. Hla manner is mi!U
and very paternal.
• Present at tli» Anniversary.
"White in Rome we witnessed the cere
mony of the anniversary of the Pope's
coronation, which took place in th« Siatinu
Chapel, the Cardinal Vicar of Rome say
ing mass. The Pope wa» borne Imo thv»
chapel, as usual. In a seat carried on the
shoulders of his household attendants.
He occupied the throne in the chapel.
"We witnessed also the ceremony of the
opening of the holy door at Chrlstmu.-*
time.
"We came back through France, visit
ing the exposition. Belgium. England ami
Ireland. The Irish people seem now to be
more prosperous than ever they -were be
fore. They are, of course, keenly oppose!
to the English side In the South African
war.
"We returned delighted with oar own
country and thinking there is no place like
California."
ARCHBISHOP PATRICK W. RIORDAN.
The report of the committee on creden
tials, .sealing Mark Conn and P. E. Alc-
Oibe in the New York delegation, the
dark delegation in Montana, and giving
cne-half vote to each delegation in Okla
homa, was read and a minority report dis
penting in the decision In the Okla
homa cas« presented. There was
pome objection made by Vandiver
r>t Maryland to the committee hav
ing taken no action in the District of Co
lumbia- case. After a brief speech in sup
r-irt of hi* contention that the credentials
committee had not dealt fairly with the
The rojjr.rt of the committee on rules
v. as read and adopted, as follows:
Tr-.p rcmniittp? en rule* and *«r4er of business
rvr..rrn-.cnd the follcwir.it: '.
Resolved. That the rulfs of the last Demo
cratic national convention, including the rules
cf th# Fifty-third Ct:Tiftr*s* *o far as appli
cable, be the rules of thii convention. The or
dir <if business *hall \#:
1— Kej«:rt of committee on credentials.
2— K<?i«ort of committee on permanent organ
irntlcn. . i -•',_.-. .
S— Jtepcrt of committee on resolutions.
A— J'resentaiion and selection of candidate for
President ni the t.'nited Ftatee.
"—The rreiwnmtinn and celecV'on of a cua
dirtat* for Vire President.
Report on Rules Adopted.
His prognostications of Democratic suc
cess next fail was the signal for another
vocal ;-, ::-!.i . and then he declared that
Jf the .Democrats of the country had not
fcufficienl coniidence in their delegates to
intrust the cau?e of Democracy to them
they would not have sent them here to
nominate a candidate for the Presidency.
This, coining from a man of Mr. Altgold's
known attitude upon the silver question,
wafi taken by the 10 to 1 advocates as a ul
i*-ct championship of their cause, and
th^y were on their feet in an Instam,
fchouting and waving hats ana handker
chiefs: with the greatest enthusiasm. So
loud was the cheering that the speaker
was compelled to suspend hla remarks un
til the uproar had subsided.
It came apain in a minute, however,
v.hen he declared that any modification of
th*> Chicago platform would place th<»
lxrnocrntic party in a ridiculous position
before the American people. Again his
voice was drowned for a full minute,
while the advocates of 16 to 1 voiced their
approval audibly beyond the wails.
The enti-16 to 1 people took their innings
Jn another minute, when he spoke favora-
My of the ratio of 1C to 1, and there were
loud cries of "No!" "No!" The speaker
unwittingly touched oft a mine by using
the expression, in discussing the attitude
of certain Democrats toward the silver
question, "Now, my friend Hill.',' That
was a? far an he got for several minutes.
The name of Hill again started the uproar
that had marked the first cession of the
convention. From all sides of the hall.
Bad particularly from the Southern dele
pates, came loud cries of "Hill!" "Hill!"
Mingled with the calls for tho New
Yorker came hisses Jn plenty, and despite
the vigorous use of the Ravel all sem
blance of order was lost and nothing could
J<e heard save the calls of "Hill!" and the
difapproving hisses. The band in the gal
lery struck up a lively air. but as soon i.»
it subsided the uproar wan as great aa
ever, the California delegation beir?
liromimnt in calling for Senator Hill. Jt
was not possible for Governor Altgeld to
continue immediately, and as the commit
t»-e on rules declared itself ready to re
port Altg-eSd discontinued his address and
1< ft tho platform.
During the early part of ex-Governor
AHgf'ld's address the hum of conversation
in the galleries and among the delpgates
was so loud that not much of what he
*=aiJ was audible, except to those close to
him. Th*- name of Mark liantia, uttered
in accent? which did not imply approval,
wan the first thing the crowd at largs
caught, and although not many know just
what the missile had been or whether It
had hit the mark, it was received with a
howl of wild delight.
Convention in an Uproar.
At S«3 o'clock Chairman Thumas rapped
the convention to order, although consid-
Olbly leas than two-thirds of the dele
f-'atts ha<i arrived. There was considera
ble expectancy over the arrival of Sena
ror Hill, but he failed to put in an ap
jv»ara»cf.
N'.: withstanding the small number of
delegates present, it seemed to require for
them a uhoily disproportionate amount of
time to ootne to order, as compared with
the pr»»ce<;iM*r two sessions.
Pounding vigorously with his gavel, and
bis efforts in this direction being ably
rappletnented tar Berceaot at Arms Mar
tin, who rapped a table so hard that he
¦riaoed at every blow as though it had
landed upon his own fingtrf. Chairman
Thomas at last succeeded in reducing the
convention to such a state of quietude
lhat his voice could be heard a hundred
ie».-t away.
"Tht. convention T-.-1II now come to or
der!" he shouted with a violence that
Lhre&tcned an apoplectic seizure; "and,
Pending the coming reports of the com.
niittoes. the convention will listen to an
addrtss from «-x-Oovernor Altseld of Illi
nois*.**
There was still too much confusion for
the name of the ppeakt r to be intelligi
ble at any distance, and there was onlv a
mild ripple of applause as Governor Alt
g^ld mounted the rostrum. Again by tins
vigorous use of his gavel Chairman
Thomas gained largely upon the noise,
and then he again rommoncfd:
"The convention Tiill now he addressed
hy ex-Governor AltgHd of Illinois."
This time his voice carried, and the an
nouncetnent van greeted with applause.
Just as ex-Governor Aitgeid bepan to
the tall form of Congressman Sul
zer c.irae Ftalking through the aisle. It
was his flnt appearance upon the floor,
end although the recipient of no applause,
ho was cordially KTtoted bv many of the
dolr-cates as he paff. d them. Wht-n he
reached the Iowa delegation, seated di
rectly in the r>ar of New York. Cato Sells
arose to shake hands with him, and in
s-tamly therf was a group around the
ta!l New Ycrkcr, all Fhakin? hands with
him and patting him on the shoulder.
From the New York delegation, however,
Mr. Sulzer received jio recognition, no
lutnflFhake, no smile. He t«ok apparently ]
Jt« little intfreFt in New York as New j
Fork evinced in him, and although he nod- j
<lf-d familiarly to several of the delegates, i
be spent no time with them.
Thomas Introduces Altg-eld.
turod. It was enjoying itself in a way
hi whirl: it ha<l, perhaps, never before
t-njoyed itself.
Continued From Third Page.
BOISTEROUS
SESSIONS OF
CONVENTION
LONDON, July 5 —The commanders
of the allies in Tientsin inform the
correspondents that it would be sui
cide to attempt to reach Peking with
the troops now available in the face
of the colossal force of imperial
SHANGHAI, July 4. — Three servants of foreigners have, it is
rumored from a good source, escaped from Peking. They re
port that all foreigners, 1000 in number, including 400 soldiers,
100 members of the Chinese customs staff, and a number of
women and children, held out till their ammunition -was exhausted
in the British legation. The legation was finally burned and all the
foreigners killed.
It is reported that Kwan Hsu and the Dowager Empress have
been poisoned.
ALL FOREIGNERS REPORTED
SLAIN AT PEKING.
motion that even Japan*3 full strength
launched now will be unequal to the task.
of restoring order.
TaGtai Bheng of Shanghai issued a
proclamation on .Wednesday which prac
tically forbids foreign warships approach
ing the Yang-tse-Kiang. saying that if
they do so the Chinese authorities will
.not hold themselves responsible for the
consequences: ' It Is considered the Chi
nese officials are evading the responsibil
ity of an outbreak. Even Li Hung Chang
is suspected. The foreigners are simply
aghast at the extent of the Chinese arma
ments; which have been systematically
accumulated.
The decision of the admirals not to at
tempt the relief of the besieged forces
has tilled the entire European community,
the Daily Mail correspondent say«, with
bitterness and despair. Few, however,
affirm that any other course, is possible. ,
The weakness of the allied forces left no
other course open. It is pointed out that ,
the Chinese opposing Admiral Seymour
were only a fraction of the huge force
now cutting off the capital from Tientsin
and which number 200.000, nearly all well
armed. The ' allies have no real means
of transport and there is no food in the
country, as it is being laid waste. The
question of ammunition is also a serious
one. Only Japan, and to a less extent
Russia, are able to push up war material
in the vast quantities made necessary by
the continuous fighting.
Fifty Thousand Men Needed.
Though transports will soon arrive at
Taku, the present pressure is not re
moved. The consensus of opinion among
military and naval authorities is that it
will- require at least 50.000 men to rescue
the Europeans in Pekins- The allies have
to hold Taku in strength and the occu
pation of strategic points on the railroad
to Tientsin will be most difficult. Tien
tsin itself is too stronply held.
Among the edicts received at Shanghai
on June 23 were orders for the foreign
Ministers to leave Tientsin in four hours.
The legations were to be sealed up and
the flagstaffs cut down. Another edict
Issued on June 22 announced that Princes
Tuan and Kang-Yi are the supreme chiefs
of the Ihochundl, the Chinese name for
tho Boxers. A dispatch to the Daily Mail
from Chefu. dated July 1. says that W'ei-
Hai-Wei has been placed under martial
law and that no passengers are allowed
to land there.
A dispatch from Shanghai to the Dally
Telegraph, dated July 4, says the Taotai
has received news from Peking to
Wednesday last. Peking was then entire
ly In the hariVIs of the Boxers and the
situation of the foreigners was hopeless.
The Slanchu Princes. Ministers and sol
diers, the dispatch says, all belong to the
Boxers. The allies captured the native
city of Tientsin on June 30.
Belgian Official Killed.
Dispatches received at Brussels report
that the secretary of the Belgian lega
tion had been killed by the Boxers.
Eugene Sloss. an engineer on the Pe
king-Hankow Railway, telegraphs that he
arrived at Shanghai after, sixteen days'
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
SHANGHAI Julv <j — The Emperor of China has committed suicide by taking poison under compul
sion of Prince Tuan on July 19.
The Empress Dowageralso took poison, but is still alive, although reported to be insane from the effects
of the drug. \ ' % ' * ¦ . '.
. .The above has been reported officia'ly -o the German Consular staff. ."¦ ¦•.'.
Allied Forces Utterly Unable to, Cope With the Situation, Which
Daily Grows Worse, and It Is Conceded That Fifty
Thousand Troops Will Be Needed. '
AWFUL CRUELTIES PERPETRATED
BY CHINESE ON THEIR PRISONERS
Chief Prelate of the Church in Cali
fornia at New York After
Visiting the Pope.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
RETURNS TO AMERICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900-
4
linportanUo Men. [
It is the rankest sort of folly 0 L 'S^ /^\ *
; to imagine that a weakness or an »>\s«| *y ' f*"*^ *
• ailment will get well without \ JH ** <&^$^***£s. %> W"*r
; proper treatment. It is both dan- -^S^k^: (Mf ' v«4^^ / is \
\ gerous and expensive to treat %pKS| Bf -^ J y$S\*v \
\ with inexperienced doctors or to *|!l<;\& ~ aA /i^S^fc.
: attempt to cure yourself with free jT^^ -41% l^^^kf/ 3»»» j!
: trial trsatments, patent medi- l^^^i 4x4l^1^i^/
• cines, electric belts or other .Jcv^* <52%£TS~i*$^ r* /f \
I dangerous stimulants. J w9^tf S »/?§f** > <fe%K <
¦ . For ne .arly 20 years we have been curing contracted diseases \
; of men. including contagious blood poison; also lost vitality, i
; general and nervous debility, varicocele, rupture, stricture. *
'. ; piles, diseases of the kidneys, bladder, etc. \
¦ We are specialists in curing these ailments. We cure at any i
? . stage of the disorder, and restore the patients as quickly as is 1
; consistent with a permanent cure. Our remedies, which are I
always effective, but are never harmful, are furnished free to J
{• our patients from our own private laboratory. *
• • Payments may be made monthly or after a permanent cure I
: is effected. Prices reasonable to rich and poor. I
: Consultation and advice free at our office or by mail. Full *
information and our private, book, sealed, free. Home *
; Cures a specialty. Remedies sent by mail or express. \
\ , . > ¦ 7 <
731 Market Street I elevator h-m toB oany >
tK^ k 6AN francisco. I EHXBANOJ! SSSSKiW
DR.. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Thousands Have Kiduey Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Oat.
Fi!i a kzv.'.c cr corr.rr.cn glass with your
water and let it stand Iwcnly-foer hears: a
—m t sicirr.ent cr set-
. h*vj CprSJS - t !ir -S Indicates an
v V"ow«'i iX'; /<A~~n ur;heai:hy condi-
rr^^^^/t!cn cf the kid-
jr?" ] >'°- r Ilr ' en lt is
il^t j iY^s^i'r' i evicisr.ee cf kid-
jl vfptzL* ™* bi = : too
'tU^'/ /' '^-'V> frequent 'desire to
J'^S^r^^j^^ P asi il cr F a ' n >n
*-^" ; . .. . - the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are cut cf crder.
What to Do. .
There is corr.fcrt In the knowledge so
cf:sn expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swarr.p-
Rccl. the great kidney remedy fulfills every
v:sh ir. curing rheumatism, pain in ths
tack, kidneys, liver, bladder ar.d every part
cf the urinary passage, it corrects inability
to hold water and sca'dir.g pain in passing
it, cr bad effects foiic7,-ir.g "use of liquor,
v/ir.e cr beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity cf being compelled to go often
doring the day, and to get up many times
curing the night. The mild and the cxtra-
crcir.ary effect cf Swamp-Root is soon
realized. !t stands the highest for hs wen-
c;rful cures cf the most distressing cases.
If yea need a medicine you should have the
test. Scid by druggists in 50c. and $3. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle cf this
wonderful discovery f^X^^
and a beck that te!!s (SST^srTJanH •£¦•)»
more about it. bcth sentS^=^i-it J1»jfJH^»*|
Address Dr. Kilmer & ncme cf s«ramj>-noot.
Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous effer in this paper.DEWET'S DEFEAT BUT
A QUESTION OF TIME
Roving Ground of the Boer Column
Growing More and More
Contracted.'
LONDON, July 5.— The various tele
grams received from Pretoria and' else
where In South Africa, while not giving
an account of fighting, represent the con
verging columns as making Dewet's rov
ing ground more and more contracted and
the possibility of his" defeat and capture
nearer. • Heavy artillery fighting was
heard near Fncksburg on the 3d.
• The Boers are massing In great num
bers in the Lindley district.
State Secretary Reitz has gone to Ham
burg with a part of the Transvaal treas
ure. . .
train • of fast freight, southbound. The
switch was open and the train ran Into
the sidetrack, colliding with the tank car
The collision caused a hole to be bored
in the top part of the tank and the oil
ignited. This happened a few minutes
after 5 3 o'clock this morning. It made u
fearful fire. Master Mechanic Lalime and
the general superintendent, J. H. Hamil
ton, were called . upon to devise some
means of ridding the track of the burn
ing tanks and extinguishing the blaze.
An effort was made to tip the car over.
There were few people who were close
to the car, as the heat was so intense
that this manner of disposing of the fire
was given up. Pouring water on it had
absolutely no effect. While some of the
men were grouped near the tank after 7
o'clock an explosion occurred. It was
caused by the iire igniting the gaa
that had formed from the burning oil. It
came with a flash of flre and a deafening
report. .?
Some people who were standing near
were not affected by it at all. These saw
the bodies of men flying- in the air and
saw others knocked to the ground by the
concussion as the tank went through the
air. It had parted and went in two di
rections. There were numbers knocked
down by the force of the air. Those who
were killed were struck by the flying end
of the tank which went in ¦ a southerly
direction. It was 200 yards distant from
the victims and came to sthe ground near
the shops. The piece which went ¦* fifty
yards In the other, direction killed no one.
PAHKERSBURG, W. Va., July 4.—
The most horrible calamity that
this city ever witnessed occurred
this morning at 7:20 o'clock, lr.
which Fix men were blown to atoms
and one ether, John Chalk, so badly in
jured tha r . he soon died, and two more
are expected to die any minute.
The dead:
J. H. HAMILTON', general superintend
ent of tht- Ohio Hiver Railroad.
E. L. LAM ME, master mechanic.
CHARLES MOHLER, yard master.
G. O. SHANNON, known as "Dick." ex
tra train dispatcher. .
BRADLEY KEEVES, freight brakeman.
GEORGE CHALK, a fireman, died
about noon at St. Luke's Hospital.
Will die.
JIM RUTH, a fireman.
WILL CAltU JR.. engineer.
Twelve ethers were badly hurt and prob
ably forty others, many of them chil
dren, were more or less hurt.
The yards <jf the Ohio River Railroad
are ppottfd Wltb n.ieces of torn flesh and
spiattc-red with blood. The scene is a ver
itable charred spot and descriptive power
fails to give any adequate conception and
impression of its horrors.
A car tank, containing 6000 gallons. of
oil, was en the yard rrack for shipment.
An enjrins with XVill Carr as engineer and
Georse as fireman, was pulling a
Six Men SMowa to Atoms and Three
Others Fatally Injured at a
Fire in West Virginia,
HURLED INTO ETERNITY
BY AN EXPLOSION OF OIL
PHILADELPHIA,- July 4.— A cart
ridge fired at close range by a
email colored boy Into a large col
lection of fireworks of a highly ex
plosive chaitcter to-day cost the
lives of four children, caused the probable
death of .three others and severe burns
and lacerations to twenty other persons,
only two of whom were adults.
The dead:
CARMEL DIANNO. aged 11 years.
CHARLES FERUZZI. aged 11 years.
Two unidentified children.
Those who will probably die .are:
Isabel Derites, aged 8.
Jennie Dianno, aged 5.
Frank Nacitro, aged 9.
The explosion occurred in front of the
small shop of Antonio Mammerello. on
Eisrhth street, a most thickly populated
section. The llreworks were on a stand
on the pavement, and consisted largely
of giant firecrackers, torpedoes, rockets
and "chasers." A crowd of children weri
clustered around the stand. A colored
boy Isaiah Harris, was seen to point the
pistol In the direction of the rireworks
al The force of the explosion which fol
lowed shattered the windows of many
stores and residences in the vicinity, and
the scene was covered by a dense smoke.
When this lifted the forms of more than
a score of children were found lying on
the street, burned and bleeding. The
owner of the fireworks was arrested. Fol
lowing the explosion the police confiscat
ed about three wagon loads of hreworks
in the neighborhood^
A PAINFUL FOURTH
FOR SOME PEOPLE
Hospital Surgeons Were Kept Busy
Patching the Wounded of In
dependence Day. ¦.-,.'
John Roach; a fireman on the steamer
Walla Walla, and residing at 625 Davis
street, was shot in the left shoulder, the
bullet entering his lung, while he was
standing at ahe corner of Pacific and
Davis streets last evening. How the af
fair happened no one knows, but It is
surmised that the leaden pellet came from
the revolver of some person celebrating
the Fourth of July. Roach was standing
near the edge of the sidewalk talking to
a man, whose name he does not know,
when he suddenly became conscious of a
stinging sensation in the back. At lirst he
thought some one had struck him and did
not suspect that he had been shot, but the
pain increased and ne nnaliy vi?'ted th e
Harbor Receiving Hospital. A\ hen the
surgeons maae an examination they found
mat a bullet had entered the mans body,
its courso was downward trom the shoul
der and it became imbedded in the lett
lung. Alter having t,li« wound treated
Roach was sent to the City, Receiving
Hospital. At last reports he was in no
great uanger. How ne came to be shot
Itoach does not know. Theie-waa such
a racket in the neighborhood at the time
that ne heard no pistol shot and const
iuent y does not know from which direc
tion tne bullet came. The police think
that some person wnile emptying a loaueu
Revolver to celebrate the day fired the
shot tnat wounded the man.
Mable Donntdu. a child eight years of
age, was struck in the eye by fireworks
wnile playing in front of her residence.
53 "?ay street. She was treated at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital. The doctor*
declare that the Injury will not impair
h ToSifily" Sullivan, a resident of Fair
mount street, burned the. ear of Joseph
Tottom with a toy pistol yesterday. A
visit, to the City ana County Hospital
fixed Tottom all right again.
Willie Langer of 613 Jessie street inau
gurated his day-s festivities by having a
gunshot wound of his right linger treated.
Willie Connell of .1002% Minna street fol
lowed in his .wake with a gunsho^ wound
of his right hand. Georsie McDonald who
lives at 124 Langton street, sprained his
wrist by a fall he • received .- while making
a hastv retreat from a cannon which was
about to explode in his vicinity. Willie
lrwin of 622 Ste%'enson street suffered a
gunshot wound of the left thigh and Hen
rv Fisher of 135 Langton street sustained
a gunshot wound to his left index linger.
Charles Qulntero of 11 Polk street has a
wound in his left hand as a souvenir of
his celebration. Fred. AVilson, an elderly
man who lives at 27 Tenth street, was
shot in the thigh because he was slow In ;
"ettlng out of range of a small boys big
gun. Joe Bafflco. who. lives at 14 Four
teenth street; shot himself in the hand,
and Lillio Ryan, 217. Harriet "street, was
shot in the right eye by a neighbor's boy.
George Lowenstein of 82t> - California
street was theworst sufferer of the, day.
He was playing around a powdencan and*
it accidentally -blew up; The boy's stock-
Ings were ignited and before he. could be
thrown -into a^near-byiwater trough by, a
cool-headed passer-by the boy suffered
some severe burns on his legs. His face
also suffered. His eyelashes and hair
were burned and he presented a sad ap
pearance when placed. on the operating
table for treatment. I]
Sam Krueger of 1324 J Eddy street suf
fered a gunshot wound, of his left wrist.
Chester Hammersmith of 420 Ivy avenue
Bald he looked Into a powder can Just
when another boy threw a lighted tire
cracker into It. It was necessary to cover
his face with a mask of cooling cloths.
When he left he admitted that his mother
would not know him and the boys on his
street might want him to play clown In
their next circus. Myer Boog of 624 Locust
avenue also suffered powder burns on his
face.
Monte Attell, aged 14 years, residing at
2m Third street, had his face and hands
badly burned yesterday. He was treated
at the Receiving Hospital. The boy was
firing a toy cannon on Clara street, near
Ritch, and a spark evidently got into the
can In which he carried his stock of pow
der, exploding It.
Fred Claytor. a - 10-year-old boy living
on Olive avenue, was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital for a severe wound in
his right hand. He was playing with a
toy pistol on the corner of Seventh and
Minna streets and the gun exploded, driv
ing the wadding into his palm.
TWO LIVES LOST IN
A FIRE AT OXNARD
Mexican Prisoners Burned to Death
Before Their Rescue Could
x^v Be Effected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OXN'AR'D, July •!.— The burning to death
of two Mexican prisoners in the calaboose
at Oxnard at 4 o'clock this morning had
a tendency to dampen the ardor of the
Oxnard celebration early in the day. The
Mexicans were locked up at 2 o'clock
owing to drunkenness. They set flre to
the prison, and before the fire department
arrived they were cooked to death.
Burned by a Firecracker.
BIGGS, July 4.— Raymond Fleming, the
seven-year-old son of Hon. T. R. Flem
ing, while" watching • some older boys
shooting firecrackers near an old cellar,
where some rubbish was burning, eaw a
firecracker fall in and he jumped in after
It. Before he could be rescued both feet
were seriously burned, he having no shoe.-s
on at the time.
Bicyclist Killed.
LOS ANGELES. July 4.— A. E. Har
rington, bookkeeper of the Evening Rec
ord and a contestant in the Santa Monica
road race to-day, was killed this morning
by an electric car. It is not known just
how the rider got under the wheels. Har
rington formerly worked for the San
Diego Sun.
Injured by a Firecracker.
MONTREAL, July 4.— A telephone mes
sage from Grandmere, Quebec, to-night
states that Russell A. Alger, who is gen
eral manager of the Laurentine Pulp
Mills, had his right hand blown off by/the
premature explosion of a giant firecracker
to-night.
Killed by Dynamite.
CHICO, July 4.— While preparing a dyna
mite cap for use in digging a vault,
Charles Marshall was Instantly killed this
morning. The cap exploded In his hand
and his body was badly mangled. A wid
ow survives him.-
The Bomb Exploded.
L.OS ANGELES, July 4.— J. Mustacho
had a bomb which did not explode at the
right time. He poked a redhot iron into
It. He lost one hand and one eye. , ¦
ST. JOSEPH'S HOSPITAL,, WHERE THE INJURED WERE TAKEN.
patriotism to spend the Fourth of July.
Their Journey was nearly at an end when
death Interfered and claimed them as
his own in a most frightful manner. He
gave no iu?rteR. Neither man, woman
nor dlfld'VtLS spared. Crushed, maimed
and mangled the unfortunates were
dragged from beneath the wreck of the
car and tender hands ministered to them
until conveyances could be had to carry
them to hospitals and to the homes of
their friends. The dead were laid on the
grass, but there were few in the crowds
of spectators and rescuers who gathered
at the Fcene at that time who knew who
were dead and who were living. Such a
spectacle of battered, mutilated humanity
has scarcely ever been seen. A former
member of the First Washington Volun
teers, who has played a part on many
battle fields In the Philippines, said he
had never witnessed such a sight before.
Mangted by Debris.
It was a spectacle of carnage such as is
scarcely ever observed in war, for car
wheels and trucks and heavy timbers
make more horrible wounds than bullet
and shell. And the agonizing cries of the
wounded and the dying as they lay on
the sides of the gulch and on the bottom
or were held down under heavy timbers
that had once formed part of the wrecked
car could be heard for blocks away.
There was help at hand a few moments
after the accident occurred. Citizens, po
licemen, Jiremen, guardsmen, ex-volun
teers and women and children aided. The
sides of the gulch are steep, in fact so
steep that a goat would scarcely venture
to descend them, but the cries of the
woundeil made men forget themselves and
they pluriRcd downward without regard
to their own safety. Ropes were quickly
procured and the victims of the wreck
were drawn carefully to the top of the
gulch and their wounds attended to as
fast as it was possible for the physicians
to work. Everj' doctor in the city was
-?- 4> -»-$>-*-4 > -»-§~»- < 8> ~*-^-*-^-*-^-*" 9
called on for his services. The Fanny
Paddock and St. Joseph's hospitals were
soon crowded with patients who but a
few moments before were in the enjoy«
ment of their health. Hacks, express
wagons and all sorts of conveyances were
pressed into service; but there was an
other vehicle that was In use. It was the
wagon of the dead. It came to take away
the last evidence of the destruction
caused by the wreck. It made Journey
after Journey and It was always full.
Boys and girls and men and women were
its freight. The morgues of the various
undertaking rooms were i scarcely large
enough to hold all.
Searching for Friends.
And then when the dead had been sort
ed from the living and the last one had
been removed from the wreck excited
men and women and children besieged the
morgues searching for missing friends.
Some were successful in their sad quest
and others who were not successful turned
away with every evidence of joy upon
their faces. Thousands of people visited
the bridge where the accident occurred
during the day. They watched the men
at work clearing away the debris of the
car and looked curiously at the red stains
on the grass and at the tattered pieces
of clothing that hung from bushes.
They glanced, too, at two women, who
wandered about all day. one with a babe
in her. arms and the ether leading a lit
tle boy by the hand. The charges of these
women were foundlings of the wreck. No
body had come to claim them. Perhaps
their mother and their father as well was
dead. But they had found friends and
if nobody a?ks for them their foster moth
ers will probably see that they do not
want. Then there is a little girl of 4 and
a girl babe at the Fanny Paddock Hospi
tal. They seem to be deserted, but It is
probable that some relatives will look af
ter them.
The car which carried its human freight
BOY'S PRANK COSTS THE
LIVES OF FOUR CHILDREN
Fired a Pistol Into a Collection of
Fireworks and a Disastrous
¦
Explosion Resulted.
TACOMA. July 4. — Nearly a hundred
people, passengers on a car bound
to this city, were plunged down a
gulch at Twenty-sixth and C streets
shortly after S o'clock this morning.
Those ¦who ¦were standing on the p'atform
dropped off. only to be crushed and
wounded by the heavy body of the coach,
while others Inside were killed and
maimed before they knew what had hap
jvened. The car jumped the track and
was smashed to kindling wood in the bot
tom of the chasm over a hundred feet te
low. The dead will number nearly three
Fcore. for there are many of the Injured
who will never recover and ¦who are ex
pTtf-d to die at any moment, and there
sre at least flxty of the passengers of
the car now in the various hospitals and
izni^r the care of their own physicians.
It was one of the most appalling acci
dents that has ever occurred in this city
and It came at a tfrA when it was Jeast
expected. Here were happy people, resi
dents of the noarby towns — Edison. Lake
view, Park'.and, Lake Park and other
p'.aces — ccrr.ir.s: to Tacoma full of joy and
Heavily Laden
Trolley Car
Palls From a
Bridge and
Rolls to the
Bottom of a
Ravine -With
Fatal Results.
Morgue Filled
With Dead,
Homes Are In
Mourning and
the Hospitals
Are Crowded
With Man
gled Victims.
Several Lives Lost in the Vicinity of
KronenbeTg, Ohligs and
Elberfeld.
BERLIN, July 4.— Hurricanes, cloud
bursts and thunderstorms are reported
from a number of places. "Warzerburg,
Bavaria, was visited to-day by a hurri
cane, which destroyed a large building
and killed six persons.
A hurricane did great damage in the
vicinity of Elberfeld, especially at Kron
enberg and Ohligs. Several lives were
lost.
In the Ticlnlty of Cassel. cloudbursts
destroyed the harvests and drowned sev
eral persons and a large number of cattlo.
Lightning, struck eighteen laborers In
Krojantea, near Konitz. and also struck
and killed a whole family named Mikow
ski at Groose Lelarnitz. near Dantzic
SANTA ANA. July 4.— Professor Emll Marketers, the aeronaut, well
known In San Francisco, made his last ascension here late this afternoon.
His lifeless body now lies at tho Morgue, with almost every bone In It
broken.
At the height of 500 feet, while hanging to a strap by his teeth, the
strap broke and the aeronaut shot" toward the earth like a cannon ball. Al
though 500 feet in midair, he dashed to the earth so Quickly that people b«
low could scarcely get from under him.
Before the thousands of spectators realized what a terrible fata had be
fallen the daring aeronaut he lay lifeless at their feet.
CLOUDBURSTS DO MUCH
DAMAGE IN BAVARIA
INSPECTOR GENERAL OF
FRENCH ARMY RESIGNS
General Jamont Resents the Inter
ference of "War Minister "With.
the Staff.
PARIS, July 4.— The changes made In
the general staff by the Minister of War.
General Andre, which caused General E>e
lanne. chief of the general staff, to tender
his resignation, culminated in the resigna
tion to-day of General Jamont. Inspector
general of the army and vice president of
the superior council of ¦war. General An
dre announced this fact In the lobbies of
the Chamber of Deputies, and added that
General Brugere, the military governor of
Paris, had been appointed his successor.
General Jamcnt called at the Elysee and
saw President Loubet. He afterward
wrote to General Andre tendering his res
ignation on acount of the War Minister s
alleged Interference with the staff.
Aeronaut Falls From His Balloon
at Santa Ana and Almost Every
Bone io His Body Is Broken.
M0RKEBERG M0KES
HIS LAST ASCENSION
Into a deep ravine Instead of to the city
was No. U6 of the United Traction Com
pany's cars and was on the Edison line.
It left Edison at about 8 o'clock In charge
of F. L. Boehn, motorman, and J. L. Cal
houn, conductor. The car, .which is one
of the big boxlike affairs, was crowded to
the doors and every inch of space, on the
platform- was taken. Men hung on to the
railings and were glad to be able to get
a ride to the city, for, like those inside,
they were anxious to arrive early so as
not to miss any of the Independence day
exercises.
Cause of the Accident.
The car ran merrily along, the passen
gers chatting with each other, for they
were nearly all acquainted, and every -
thing was pleasant until It reached the
apex of the hill just beyond Tacoma ave
nue. From this point the stories differ.
One Is that the motorman, after starting
down the hill, turned on his current In
stead of shutting It off, and when the car
had gained such a momentum as to
threaten to get away from him he turned
off the current, but It was then too late,
for the car was goingr at lightning, speed
and there was nothing to bring It to a
standstill, for the incline is steep. Pas
sengers on the front platform who saw
the sharp curve on the bridge as It leaves
Delln street endeavored to jump. Sev
eral of them, succeeded and reached the
ground in safety, but others were as bad
ly injured as they might have been had
they remained In the car to the bottom of
the chasm.
MERRY-MAKERS DASHED TO DEATH AT TACOMA
THE SAN TTlAlSrCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.
MISS LOIS DRAKE, employe of telephone company, lives at
. luth Tacoma.
ANNIE GLASS. South Tacoma,
LETTIE SUITER. South Tacoma. . . •
DORLEY DINGER. Lakeview. •
LOUIS DINGER, Lakeview." '
' EDWARD BRAY, South Tacoma. I
CARL MOSER. South Tacoma. . .
I : r5-t:', ALBERT MOSER. South Tacoma.
RICHARD LEE. South Tacoma.
MRS. GROSSMAN, McNeil's Island.
8 OTIS LARSON. Parkland.
OLE RANSEEN. Lake Park.
JAMES BENSTON. Hillhurat
"WILLIAM 'WILLIAMS, South Tacoma.
JOHN PAULUS, South Tacoma.
WILLIAM NIESEN, Lake Park.
ROBERT STEELE, South Tacoma. '
SEIDEBERG, South Tacoma.
REV. HERBERT GREGORY, Lake Park.
GRIFFIN VANDERSHELDEN, Reservation.
AL HEALY. Lake Park.
G. M'MULLEN, South Tacoma.
JOHN J. SHAUGHER. Parkland.
UNKNOWN MAN.
W. II. DAVIS. Lakeview.
JOSEPH M'CANN, Ballard..
ROY LINGERMAN, South Tacoma.-
GORDON NEWTON, South. Tacoma.
RICHARD SANBURN, South Tacoma.
WILLIE HASTINGS. 1002 Tacoma avenue.
MRS. GEORGE ELLIOT, 1317 South I street.
MRS. J. J. SHAUGHER, Parkland.
J. D. CALHOUN (conductor), Tacoma.
UNKNOWN WOMAN.
Besides these there are about sixty -five more or less seriously Injured.
THE DEAD:
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Perfect Bdoace Ij
Of mind and body x?as the Roman u
idea of perfect health. They de- ll
fined this balance as "a sound n
mind in a sound body." A weak ll
or sickly body tends to drag down I!
the mind to its own level. Keep U
the body in health and the mind 11
vill take care of itself. The health n
of the body depends mainly on two J I
things: A sound stomach.. and pure . H
blood. Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- I J
ical Discover** preserves the bal- JJ
ence of health, because it makes fj
the stotrach strong, and the blood 1 1
pure. People who had not had a U
veil day in vears, nervous of body, ij
depressed of mind, have been per- II
fectly cured by the use of "Golden H
lied ical Discovery." If
"Durinsc the sitnraer aad (all of 1896 I fl
lx?cc:iie all rnn down," writes Charles H. II
Efrfreant. K«j.. of Plain City. Madison Co., 11
Ohio. ¦ nervts were out of order aod etom- fj
• ch wds out of order. I wTote to Doctor 1/
fierce for advice. He said I had peneral '/I
debility, and advised Dr. Pierce'* Golden if
Medical Discovery : I //
c»ed six bottle's, aad Li
r :nce I stopped taking »— n if
it. about one year c^o. V^m //
I have cot tnVen any \ Q H
medicine of &ny kiua, JW>/
t::d have trrn cf>!r to ,*^&J!tfK-\
vork every day. My J^^^^^T^\.
eppetite is pood. I do \ J^n^Wt/W^k.
not feel that burning y^i^P? J-ffiffio
ia the Etoniach aftrr \?Z~5 i %£!&*£**{' r.$]
rstiiiK. and ray blood Pv^;C^^7^S^7
end nerves arc in ;-ood li j^ftS^iS^f-V
Dr. Pierce's Sled- **? 'f|f||||l"
ical Adviser, paper fcr'i^i$~k
covers, is tent free /^it&l&^A
on receipt of 2 1 one- K?S y'^sft^^s*
ct-r.t stamps to pay §0wV$fl$f
expense oi" mailing
only. Address Dr. vl^^Kx
Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y. w^l Jafe>
• e
® s
I . * I
0 The Organizers of the J
• • - • 5
® i
O Have arranged with the CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND •
2 TRUST COMPANY to hold sufficient securities in trust for the pur- X
S chasers of Ophir Oil Stock to INSURE HOLDERS OF THIS STOCK o
§ AGAINST LOSS. „> 0
© That is to say, if the Ophir Oil Company shall fail to produce oil in O
O paying quantities sufficient to bring its stock to par value (one dollar •
© per share), purchasers will receive back, with accrued interest, THE EN- f*
© TIRE AMOUNT PAID IN BY THEM FOR STOCK. •
® The securities thus held in trust are adequate, ! and \ $
I AN INVESTMENT |
I OPHIR OIL STOCK |
J Is as secure as a United States Government S
g Bond, and vastly superior to deposits in S
1 Banks of Savings, for the reason that it %
I combines . S
I Absolute Security I
© . . U/ITH . . J
I IMMENSE POSSIBILITIES OF GAIN •
a VA/HEN OIL IS STRUCK.. &
q There is no "reading between the lines" in this proposition. e#
¦• Whatever happens to the Ophir Oil Company YOUR §
I ' INVESTMENT IS SAFE. g
g YOU CANNOT LOSE. |
© Only a limited amount of this SECURED STOCK is offered for sale. §
• While it lasts it can be had for Y ."> *
% 75 CENTS PER SHARE I
Q . FULLY PAID and NON- ASSESSABLE. •
® Sold only in blocks of $500 and upward. ' 9
Common Stock, uns'ecured. can be had at FIFTY CENTS per share •
S. in certificates of twenty shares and over. ©
I OPHIR OIL COMPANY - - - - San Francisco, Ca!. §
9 Represented in San Francisco by J. P. MASSIE, q
© • Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills Building. •
• . . -.- . ..¦...•-. °. e
AD V^T^TTM-T!TJT3.
BOWEL CATARRH OF SUMMER
i^^^»w buoyant, firmer nerves, freedom trom
£^ pain in the bowels and stomach, and
¥ vJv\ 1 Uie * s^ ee P' I thank you for your kind
/ fiv^O advice In my case. I might add that P*»-
f , - _--_. tiSx™ runa cured me so that I stayed cured.
V^^J &Vi§« That is an important thing."
)-<®¥ M«! In a la *«" letter he says: "Peruna 13 a
1 "7 XWiW household necessity and I hope that every
4 - / x jwl i/ff family will come to realize the fact.
1 C-j-jw v«r"!i7 -^ s to my health. It ia as near perfect. I
Pi /^i r\jy " believe, as any one's health can be at my
5fl yfc£»m i>v*f r *«e- I Am well and feel the vigor and vi*
/ vh. *5* itSki\' tality of a man of 30 or 40 years, though
JyV r~ * have Just passed my 73th birthday.
X \ "I use no glasses for reading or writing,
3? Jsby^ / ;^* and as * ain a fruitgrower I labor regu-
//r^iv^i'--:- larly and never feel fatigued. I owe this
£%&i^$k*2s>^&& v^A VvE :-> 8tate of I'etnsr. I sincerely believe, to the.
|S^sJfAj\Nj\\W?iaK_ pood effects. th*» alterativ- and restorative
'V/WJr^^^^ilNwfe^^^N^U^X^^ properties of Peruna and Manalln— Peruna-
J^^fT^^^W^ chIefly> of course " ; was in a deplorable
\vv^3§sC\ f condition, truly, when I began to take
\ \ x * A C^* this great restorer, and I wonder and
Mr. Chas. Betts. Burr Oak. Mich. wond^ af if "> *Aa/70O '' wrought in
Mr. Charles Betts. Burr Oak. Mich.. «/ /»*/«*«/ and mental Condition.
uZ e w,;; 1 . h h a r d n 1 ? 1 sr^ ss s^hS^a ik^ &%&£$&%*
time with chronic diarrhoea, which pro- and bene factors of tha aga and of suffer-
duced great despondency, sickness at the i ng men and women. •
stomach, pain between the hips and in the "j let no opportunity pass ¦where Peruna
back, and increasing weakness of the ca n ba used, to recommend It to neighbors
whole system. I commenced taking Pe- an d friends. I perform this service as a
runa for these troubles and felt relieved In duty."
2 r n^,H ek ° f ih i e dlstressln f pain3 v an^ n de ; Peruna cures all phases of summer ca-
spondency. I can now do work that I tarrn . Address The Peruna Medicine Co..
could not do at all before taklns Peruna. Co i ulnbuSt O .. for a free copy of. "Summer
/ began to improve at once, felt more Catarrh," a book which treats In an In-
cheerful and animated, stronger and MSS^tS. 0 PCCimar toThe trepidation of the powers at the action of Japan
in. massing a naval force iri Chinese waters ought to
be allayed by the fact that' Chinese waters are rather
dangerous to, float in at this season of the year.
The members of the last Grand Jury who are vocif
erously demanding payment for their services must
think;. that we have, become reconciled to the notion
of paying for luxuries in the city government.
Orders have been issued by the Police,Commission
ers that one of the notorious Market : street dives must
close. It would be interesting to know why the others
are permitted to remain "open.
THE OREGON AFLOAT.
GOOD news and appropriate to the Fourth of
July was given to the public yesterday in the
announcement from Shanghai that the Oregon
had been floated from the rocks on which she struck
off the inland of Hookie and is now safe. As she
cannot be docked at Port Arthur, she will be taken
to some Japanese port. A dispatch to the Secretary
of the navy from Tokio says: "If the Oregon can
not dock at Nagasaki the Japanese Navy Department
tenders the use of either Kure or Yokosuka dock?,
and offers any assistance\ desired." It is added that
one of the most famous cruisers of the Japanese navy
h?.s been ordered to the relief of the Oregon, and as
the voyage to the port where she will dock is to be
over the comparatively quiet waters of Pechili Bay,
there arc no longer any fears of her safety.
There will be no little pleasure to the American peo
ple in this news. OS nil the ships of our new navy the
Oregon is the one which has the most brilliant rec
ord and is most endeared to popular sentiment.- Her
wreck would have been felt as a loss of something
more than the money she cost, and now that she ap
pears td be safe from the danger that threatened her
there will be general congratulation. Moreover, it
will not be overlooked that her mishap has given
another proof of the excellence of the work of Cali
fornia ship-builders. She made the voyage round, the"
Horn and went through the battle. of Santiago with
out straining a plate or starting a rivet, and now it is
proven that even when dashed upon a rock she re
mains stanch and strong
A RESOLUTE MOVEMENT.
OUT of the bubonic scare and the Kinyoun
quarantine there has come a popular demand
for a reform in Chinatown. That was of
course to be expected, for public indignation against
the Health Board and the,- quarantine officer for the
wrong done to the community was keen, but there
was danger it would speedily pass away, and that in
the excitements occasioned by the opening of the
Presidential campaign it would be forgotten. For
tunately the opposite has been the case. So far from
dying out or weakening, the desire of the people for
improving the" Chinatown district has increased, and
the discussion of ways and means to that end goes "on
with augmented force.
It is clear that on this issue the people of San
Francisco have now reached a definite resolve. The
agitation will continue until an active movement for
reform begins and affords satisfaction tohhe people.
That movement it is the duty of the autf orities to at
once undertake. The municipal ordinances have not
yet been enforced in Chinatown. There has been
a neglect of duty on the part of the Board of Health,
of the police and of all having authority on the sub
ject. Every sanitary "regulation of the city is vio
lated in the district, and probably in every building
of the district. Consequently the proper way to be
gin in dealing with the Chinatown problem is to en
force the law.
There ,are signs that the owners of property in
Chinatow'n, who have long been deriving large profit
from buildings maintained in violation of the 'health
ordinances, will endeavor to have the district cleaned
up and the improvements made at public expense.
They will of, course fight as long and as effectively
as they can against any- effort to compel them' to.re
pair and clean their property at their own cost. Such
being the situation, the Grand Jury should at once
begin an inspection of the district in order' that the
offending persons may be brought promptly to an
swer for violations of law. There is no reason why
this phase of the subject should be postponed until
the adoption of some comprehensive plan for im
proving the whole district. 'Let the authorities com
pel every owner of property in Chinatown to put his
buildings in proper condition and, maintain them in
accordance with the health laws of the city, and a
good start will have been made toward a solution of
the whole problem.- ->v^
PURGING THE CLUB ROLLS.
WHEN announcing on Sunday morning the re
sult of the enrollment during the previous
week in the various Republican district clubs
The Call stated that irauds had been perpetrated in
several districts, and specified the Forty-third as one
in which they had been particularly "raw." It is
ti*^fefore gratifying that a complaint has been made
of the fraudulent enrollment, and the County Com
mittee has been called upon to right the wrong.
The complaint states: "We, the undersigned reg
istered voters and enrolled Republicans of the Forty
third Assembly District, hereby enter our protest with
your honorable body that the roll containing signa
tures for the formation of a Republican club, to be
organized on the evening of July 9 in this district,
has upon it not less than 200 names of men who do
not reside in the said Forty-third Assembly District.
Iu consequence thereof the spirit and principle of
your honorable committee has not been carried out.
We. therefore as a matter of justice to the Republican
voters of the Forty-third Assembly District request
you to select at once ten names from this petition to
assist the County Committee in purging said roll of
those who are not entitled to remain Ihereon. In con
clusion we desire to say that the enrollment of 446
names in the Forty-third Assembly District justifies
us in making this protest."
The lead thus given by the honest Republicans of
the Forty-third should be followed in every other
district where there is evidence of fraudulent enroll
ment. Such action will be beneficial to the party and
will save it from the contamination of Kelly and
Crimmips politics. It will be an encouragement to
the better clement of the party to take an active part
in the campaign and to associate themselves with the
clubs organized for campaign work. Moreover, it
will win over a host of independent voters to the Re
publican ticket on election day, and in that way-nia
terially strengthen the chances for the election of
the whole ticket.
The joint committee intrusted with the duty of re
vising the club rolls and hearing complaints as to
errors or frauds in k the enrollment has a serious
responsibility to fa'ce. "It should perform its work
with impartiality and with unflinching honesty.
There should be no compromise with the saloon
bosses and their following of toughs and stuff ers.- ;
Such men arc a menace to Republicanism and to the
community. The Republican, party in San Francisco
has in times past suffered because of a mere suspicion
of compromise with disreputable bosses, and it will
suffer again should the bosses be tolerated in the
party councils. The duty of those in v authority b
therefore plain. Purge the club rolls of stuffers.
Drive out of the party the tricksters who control the
sluffers and directed their fraudulent work. ' Let. the
party be kept clean of the low gin mill politicians, and
we shall have a clean ticket, a dean canvass and a
clean victory. ._ \-
ANSWERS TO CORBESPONDENTS.
PRAYER BOOK CROSS-M., City. The
prayer book cross in Golden Gate Park
is of the class known as Celtic.
NAVIES OF THE WORLD— C. W. «.,
Wrights, Cal. The United States navy
ranks fourth in the navies of the world.
CAN ACHE— A. 6., City. Canache was
the name of one of Actaeon's dogs. It 13
Greek and means "having a sharp, ringing
voice." .
VOTING— A., Vallejo, Cal. As your let
ter of inquiry does not name the State to
which you wish to return after an ab
sence of five years this department can
not tell you as to your rights as an elec
tor at the coming election for Presidential
electors. •
CHOYNSKI-MAIIER— A subscriber, An
gel Island, Cal. The records of Joe
Choynski and Peter Maher both show
that on November 16. 1396. Maher knocked
out Choynski In six rounds In New York,
but neither shows that Choynski ever de
feated Maher.
A SPANISH COIN— R. S. V. P., Sacra
mento, Cal. The coin described in let
ter of inquiry is one that was issued dur
ing the reign of Ferdinand VII of Spain,
who was king of that country from 1S0S
to 1S33. The numismatic value of such is
from S5 cents to $1 35.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT
— F. Q. P., City. No .one who was ever
President or Vice President of the United
States "served in the United States army
and was afterward convicted of a penal
offense and sent to the penitentia.-y at
Sing Sing, N. Y.
COPYRIGHT— A reader, city. This de
partment cannot reproduce the copyright
law in full. Go to the Free Public Library
reference room, and on page 354 of the
World Almanac for 1S99 you will find that
law and the mode of procedure. to obtain
a copyright. -
THE CHURCH MURDERS -Subscriber.
Celllo, Ore.: S. H.. Salina, Kans., and oth
ers. There is absolutely no truth In the
story that has been printed to the effect
that any one has confessed to having mur
dered Blanche Lamont and Minnie Wil
liams In the Emmanuel Baptist Church in
this city.
ENGLISH POPE-T. F. L.. City. Ad
rian IV. Pope of Rome, was an English
man by birth and was the only one of
that nation that ever sat in the papal
chair. His name was Nicolas Break
spear. He was born in Langiey, near St.
Albans. On the death of Annstasius ir>
1154 he was raised to the papal see.
RE— R.. City. "Re" in the English lan
guage is a. prefix or inseparable particle,
borrowed from the Latin and denoting It
eration, repetition or backward action
When "re is used in the sense of "con
cerning" or "regarding." it is used In the
Latin with the preceding word "in," as
"In re Robinson, deceased." meaning "In
the matter of Robinson, deceased."
THE CONSTITUTION-G. M. C. City.
The election at which the present consti
tution of California was adopted was ht'ld
on May 7, 1870. It went into effect on the
4th. of July of that year as far as It ap
plied to the election of ofiicers. the com
mencement of their terms and tne meet
ins of the Legislature. In all othe.- re
spects it went Into effect on the 1st of
January. 15S0.
SAN FRANCISCO'S POPULATION— D.
F.. Natoma, Cal. Until the returns of the
census enumerators who performed their
work in San Francisco last June shall
have been tabulated it" will be Impossible
to furnish an answer to the question
•'Does any one r ationallty make up two
thirds or more of the population of San
Francisco?" At this time no one can an
swer that question.
PENSION— A.. Vallejo, Cal. To obtain a
The character we specify is noxious, noisome, heartless and" without pity. We think
it should be baned, guarded against as we set up defenses against beasts of pj-ey, and we
ask society to consider its duty and its danger. • , -» .
PASTEL BLUE CASHMERE DRESS.
This ifaress for a little girl is of pastel
blue cashmere, the corsage trimmed with
guipure insertion over white satin;
ftiawl collar in the same style, and ro
settes and waistband of darker b'.ue
satin; lapels and cuffs of guipure, over
satin.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUiNNY MAN.
Fond Parent— Johnny. If you aren't good
vou won't see Santa Claus on Christmas.
Johnny— Huh! I don't care. I've seen
Dewey.— New York Journal.
"Why did the young minister leave so
s-uddenly?"
"The Maiden Ladles' Home Missionary
Society took up the task of finding him a
suitable wife."— Philadelphia North Amer
ican. .
She— Did you get a good look at the
bride? What ia she like?
He— Fine eyes, good complexion, lovely
hair
"^vnd teeth?"
"Like a newborn babe's." — Life.
"Here. Henry, these lozenges will keep
you from coughing In church."
"Great governor, Amelia, I can - stay
away from church if I have to. What I
want is a lozenge that can keep me from
coughing in a railway office."—Indian
apolis Journal.
First Hen— Prya, what are you cackling
about?
Second Hen— I laid two eggs.. 1
First Hen— I'll see that you are dis
missed from the union. Just when we
have eggs up to 30 cents a dozen you have
to begin laying.— Ohio State Journal. \
"The man who marries my daughter,"
paid the old gentleman, "must demon
strate before he receives my consent that
he can earn his own living."
"All right," the boy replied; "just make
me vice president of your company for a
little while and I'll show you."— Chicago
Times-Herald.
IN THE SENATE.'
His View of It.— "I should think a man
would feel very proud to sit In the United
States Senate." said the enthusiastic
young woman. "The mere, fact that he is
there is an assurance of his- superiority."
"Oh; I don't know." answered Senator
Sorghum. "It ain't as exclusive as it
might be. Every once in a while some
body gets in -.who isn't so very rich." —
Washington Staiv
Tho prisoner looked around.
"Those soldiers-ore whlte.-aren't they?"
he asked. .-.'..
"Yes." •> replied his captor. .
"And those are red?" ,, ,-, »
"Yes. They are Indian scouts." '
"And those are black?"- , . ¦'
"Yes. They are the colored troops.".. ~
"And those men over thero? What are
they?"
"They are yellow journalists."'
"Say. we give In. There's no use trying
to hold out against a nation that can set
up,, a human rainbow." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer. . ¦
Remarkable Girl.
"Adelaide has such a fine mind^."
' She has?" "
"Ytp* she can keep up her Interest In a
man after she knows he's engaged."
Evil Effects.
"Didn't you send any of your chickens
to the poultry show?" /
"Xo; I've noticed that when a hen ac
quires - a taste for society she geta too
Ftuck up to lay eggs."
A Change of Plan.
"The Folderols have recalled their re
ception Invitations."
: "Anybody sick?"
"No; Mrs. Folderol changed her mind,
and concluded she would rather have the
house painted." _
CONFUSING.
A" tourist '.gives the following as an ex
ample of the rigid formality with which
the officials in some parts of Russia act:
Russian Official— You can't stay in this
country, sir. ¦
Traveler— Then I'll leave it
Official— Have you a permit to leave? •
Traveler— No, sir. V",
Ofiicial — Then you cannot go. I give you
twenty-four hours to make up your mind
as to what 1 you shall do.— Exchange.
. - -. - •- .-"• V»
HER PLAINTIVE WAIIj.
A bicycle had just arrived .at the. house
bicycle, and 'there were two little
girls. They were to, share it between
them, but each one was of the opinion
that -she would want ; to" ride -it continu
ously from breakfast until supper. They
will know better later. However, it was
a novel toy to them, and they stood look
ing at- it admiringly. Finally the elder
spoke. - "Don't you wish. , Ella," • she said
in. a' wistful way,' "that you; were an only
tihUHT' — Chicajro Evening. Post.
r FOLLOWING closely upon the action of the
proprietors of the Hotel Rowardennan in ex
cluding Hebrews from that place of resort
comes the action of Mayor Phclan at Kansas City
showing toward the Hebrews an animosity more of
ur.Mve still. The policy of the Rowardennan people
i> not peculiar 10 them. A similar course has been
taken by other hotel-keepers, and the matter there
fore was the occasion of no particular comment.
or Phclan' s insulting course toward his fellow
cc*c£at£, Charles Edelman, is, however, something
unparalleled and compels the attention of the press of
California.
However insignificant Mr. Phelan's actions might
be were he a private citizen, they arc matters of im
portance by reason of his ofiicial position as Mayor
li the foremost 013- on the Pacific Coast. An insult
given by an ofiicial of such position to a fellow deic
gatc at a national convention is certain to attract
ivide attention. It will be reported throughout the
Union, and unless it be promptly rebuked and con
demned there may grow up in the East a belief that
among a considerable number of people in San Fran
cisco there prevails something of that senseless anti-
Semite prejudice which has been so disgraceful to
Berlin and to Paris.
With any private personal quarrel the Mayor may
have with Mr. Edelman the public has little or no in
terest. When, however, the Mayor in a public place
sweh as a great national Presidential convention de
liberately slurs a man because lie is by race and re
3:gion a Jew, then the public has something to do
with it. It appears from the reports that Mr. Edel
v.\zv. was addressing the chairman of the California
delegation and making a courteous argument against
a motion presented . by Phelan when the contemp
tuous and contemptible insult was given. The wrong
was therefore openly and publicly done, and San
Francisco has to face the reproach of having a
Mayor whose manners are not sufficiently good to
prevent him from showing before the world so mean
a prejudice and so vulgar a method of expressing it.
Mr. Edelman did not like to make a scene by re
senting with a slap the insult put upon him and his
race. He has the sympathy and the respect of his
fellow delegates with the exception of Phelan. The
people of San Francisco will share their indignation
against the Mayor's action. It is the first time that
a man representing California has ever shown a de
sire to insult a man because of his pee or creed, and
now that the insult has been given by one who rep
resents the State not only as Mayor of its chief city
but as a delegate to the national convention of his
party, it becomes the duty of all fair-minded men to
denounce the action and the motives that inspired it.
ANTI-SEA\!TE BIGOTRY.
S. M. Levee and wife of Vallejo are at
tho Lick.
R. Van Brunt, the minings man, Is a
guest of the Palace.
Judge Helwell of Modesto is visiting
the city and is domiciled at the Lick.
George G. Brook, a well-known mer
chant of Colusa, is registered at the
Grand. .
H. G. Wilshirc, one of the well-known
merchants of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
James IT. Blandy. a prominent mining
man, accompanied by his wife, is register
ed at the Grand.
J. F. Stuart, one of the prominent mer
chants of Plttsburg, Pcnn., -is at the
Palace on a visit to the coast.
H. B. Hollyday, a civil engineer In the
employ of the Government, is registered
at the Grand from Washington, P. C.
George W. Luce, general freight and
passenger agent of the Southern Pacific
Company at Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
' Among the passengers on the Coos Bay
yesterday was Paris Kilburn, president
of the Board of Harbor Commissioners,
who has been taking a rest at Pacific
Grove. . .
Thomas Dwan, a former newspaper
man of this city, who has spent many
years in New Zealand following his pro
fession, is at the Lick. He, Is on his way
to London, England, on 'business bent,
and will visit the Paris Exposition.
PERSONAL MENTION.
pension from, the Government of the
United States after service in the army
or navy you will have to consult a pen
sion lawyer in the district in which you
live. He will prepare the papers to be for
warded to the Fension Office at Wash
ington. D. C. Then, in time, if there Is
ground for granting you a pension you
will receive notice to appear before the
examining board of surgeons, which will
be named in the letter of advice.
MANDOLIN AND GUITAIV-Y. I*,
City. Whether a young lady should learn
to play the" mandolin or the guitar Is a.
matter which should be judged by The
young lady herself, it being a matter of
taste which of the two Instruments sha
prefers. As to the sweetness of music
produced by these instruments opinion
varies with various people. As an Instru
ment to accompany those who sing bal
lads the guitar is preferable. The adapt
ability of a person to comprehend mnsle
has much to do 'with the ease with which,
the person can learn to play either In
strument.
ADDING A NAME-R. V.. Glen Ellen.
Cal. The law of California provides how
a person may change the family name, if
there Is good reason for so doing 1 , but is
silent on the subject of adding a name to
precede the family name. It often hap
pens that there are two persons of exactly
the same name in a place, and that leads
to confusion, so they meet and one agrees
to add a name or initial. For Instance, tf
there should be two John Smiths In the
same place an1 in the same line of busi
ness, one would add William, and call
himself John William Smith.
THE WAR DEPARTMEXT-S. A. F..
City. If you have written to the War De
partment asking Information concerning a
man who enlisted in the nineteenth com
pany of casuals at the Presidio, in July,
1S99. and have not received an answer in
the time you think 3 - ou ought to have re
ceived one. v you should not feel discour
aged, for Iwt department receives huu.
dreds of letters of that character daily,
and they are answered In turn. It may
sometimes take two months for an ar.«
swer. If. however, you have not an an
swer within ninety days write again, giv
ing all the information you have relative
to the man. so as to assist in the search
of the voluminous records.
VOTING — Subscriber. Modesto. Cal.
There is no State In the Union that by
express law "deprives negroes of the right
of voting." Such law would be in direct
contravention of the constitution of tho
United States, article XV. which declares
that "the ripht of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States, or by any-
State, on account of race, color or pre
vious condition of servitude." The quali
fications of voters, however, are subject
to the control of the respective States,
and they vary, as for Instance, time of
citizenship, ability to read the constitu
tion, ownership of real estate and pay
ment of a tax within a stated period, in
some of the States where there are many
negroes some of the negroes do not pos
sess the qualification, consequently they
car.not vote.
ing the light of publicity upon their authors. ' : ••"
Following- the analogy between the press and the individual as" members of the same
social body, we ask what would be thought of an individual, moral and upright himself,
and of good example, who was. aware, by facts daily before him, of the gross acts of a
heartless lecher, whose lust respected neither the ties of kinship nor the trust of parents,
but whose reptile acts were plied as a vocation, leaving .in his path tears, pain, remorse, #
shame and sullied lives, where he had found purity, morality j and that happiness which
waits upon virtue, and yet extended to him that recognition and that countenance which
served simply to enlarge his opportunity to wreck more lives? [
Will any one say that such an indifferent individual is doing .his duty . to society?.
Will any one ;;ffirm that his skirts are clear of the guilt which has flourished because he
has not rebuked it, and by exposure given warning to the unwary?
If he see such a monster plying his arts upon youth, innocence and purity, and make
no sign, does he not share with the tempter the guilt of the victims' undoing?
We think he does. We think that if the pulpit have such knowledge and raise no
warning, then the pulpit has upon it the scarlet of all the sin and shame that follow. Re
member that when the individual or the pulpit gives warning it is giving publicity to the
offense. It is publishing as far as either can reach that the betrayer is abroad on his errand
of debauchery, turning life's best bloom to canker and rust.
Now when a newspaper feels exactly the same responsibility, and sees with its thou
sand eyes the destruction of virtue and purity, and hears with its thousand ears the groans
and sighs and mortal struggle of the victims, shall it keep silent or shall- it speak?
Remember that when it speaks it is for exactly the same purpose that the individual
and the pulpit speak. Its motive is the same as theirs. The only difference is that. its com
mand of publicity is greater.
When pulpit and individual speak in such a case, does society, the beneficiary of their
warning, repudiate them and turn a smiling welcome and warm embrace to its de
stroyer, against whom it is warned? Does any father, when a friend has warned him that a
certain man is an unfit associate for his daughter, repudiate that friend and invite the lib
ertine to his table? Certainly not. Then why should not the wider warning of a news
paper get the thanks of all who would keep sacred the personal purity of society?
The Call submits these reflections to San Francisco. This paper has seen ruin follow
ruin, and victim following victim fall under more than hellish arts that- have been plied by
wiles and wine; it has seen the altar-bound ties forgotten and the obligations of nature
wiped out, and sin. sorrow and shame left in the track of a moral leper. We felt that to
keep silence would put us in the company of the individual and the pulpit that forgot duty
and made now sign, nuder the same circumstances and in possession of the same knowl
edge. We spoke in the only way in which a newspaper can speak.. ;
These offenses cannot be condoned by talking about the peccadillos of men 'of-, the
world. They are peculiar in being the steady pursuit of some. Men of the world not often
cast heart and conscience behind them, and they but seldom lay siege to unconsciousjn
nocence.
me -gSjgfe*, (gall
THURSDAY ...JULY 5, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Add-«rss AH Communica'ions to vV. S.LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE >3^i5£S£!l£_£5S^L2t?
IXDLICAT10.\ OFFICE.. MnrUet nnd Third. 9. F.
Telephone PreM -01.
EDITORIAL ROOM!!. - . .SIT to 221 SteTenioa St.
Telephone Pre«» 2O2.
Drltrrrrd f»y Carrier*. 16 Cent* Per Weelc.
Slnelc* Coplen. 5 Cr-ntn.
Term* by Mall. Including Pmilacft
PAILT CALL (including Sunday), oc« year J* «
I>AILT CALL (including Sur.<Jay), « months «.w
JiAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.M
DAILY CALL— By SlrgU Month »a
FtTJVDAT CALL One Tear -- J-J2
ttEEKLT CALL Oa» T»tr *-°°
All pottmnitem nre authorized to receiro
RBbserlptloBS.
Sample cepies will he forwarded when requested.
Mai! subscribers !n ordering rhonR-e of a<Jdr«"** should *>•
particular to rlv« both NEW AND OL.D ADDRESS In order
to in*ur» a. prompt tad correct compliance with their request.
U.1KLA.M) OFFICE: ............. HIS Bro»dw»|
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manajret Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lone finance Telejitsae •"Central M*3.">
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ckcnsts Eodw; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcruae; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, II Union Squire:
Murray Hill Hotel. -
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
WILTON LACKAYE.
facets which are not perhaps observable
to him who sees it but once. I have also
met all kinds of critics, Christian, Jew,
analytical and learned, ignorant and
snapshot, prejudiced, careless and snob
bish.
I have met non-Jews who didn't like
the play because they hated Jews and
refused to admit them even the homely
virtues its action shows. These mafia
against the play, but In a reasonable con
sideration they have no court standing.
We may dismiss A. P. A.'s and anti-Sem.
ites in the same word— un-American.
They are of the same plane as the Box
ers, with the name platform.
I have met Christians who hated Zang
will and liked the play, but condemned
1READ the article of Rabbi Nieto in
The Call this morning, and it has sug
gested to me that some glossary seems
to be needed for the Interpretation of
my intention in my remarks of Monday
evening.
The fact that I was compelled on that
occasion to speak my own words rather
than the author's was my misfortune.
Zangwill, whether one like? him or not,
speaks with no uncertain note,- and my
language must have been obscure indeed
if I was understood to apply the epithet
"snob" to all his critics.
The Eastern criticism of "The Chil
dren of the Ghetto"' wa3 on the lips of
"the man in the street" when I got here.
It was a condition and not a theory which
I combated, and I am free to say It was a
personal feeling for Mr. Zangwill, whom
I am proud to call my friend, which
lndved me .to try to' discount In some
measure the very active endeavors of hl3
enemies to prejudice the public In ad
vance. Tn addition I had a personal
feeling for Mr. Frawley, who had liked
the play In Xew York, and who at great
risk and some cost had stood by his dis
agreement with the New York verdict.
It may be that I am incompetent to
judge of the religious aspect of the play,
but since some non-Jewish critics of the
East have damned . the play— not from
the standpoint of dramatic construction,
but on the ground of its "offense to the
Jews" — it seemed to me fair that another
non-Jew should equally be allowed to ex
press a different opinion. If I made any
criticism of the acting of the play I am
sorry— on the ground of taste only. I io
not believe that an artist is debarred
from opinions on his art or its expression.
Other things being equal he know3 more
about It than the public. I do not re-,
member that I made any allusion to the
cast, except in one Instance, and that was
?ersonal and not in reference to the play,
n my residence with this play (some
eight months) I have grown to find some
it because the Jews "might not like it."
I have met the Jewish snob who objected
to the play because it treated of the Jew of
poverty, of strujrKle. wretchedness, ifmo—
rance perhaps; or who objected because
all of the. characters were not poetic
selection of special types fitted for a pros
pectus of Utopia.: who dreaded the light;
who didn't believe enoujch in their people
and in the ultimate balance in their favof»
of arithmetical and repcrtorial statement
of fact. %
Genius Is compelling. It ls» because
ZanRWiil is a genius that he must put
down the story as he saw It. without
glossing Shosshi. who was the fool of the
Ghetto: without palliating or softening
Plnehas. who was its knave. The Shosshi
Is farcical because silly fellows provoke
contemptuous laufjhter; Pinchas because
egomaniac* are grotesque to any well
balanced miml.
There are such characters In the Ghetto.
There are tricksters and shrews and fool
ish girls and silly lovers as -well as the
"Hannah" and "Shcmuel." The hypo
crite Pinchas and the loud Sam Irvine
push their way into public notice and pub
lic criticism. It is the Shrinuel whose du
ties and whose studies keep him in the
Ghetto: It is the Hannah, most poetic em
bodiment of filial love, wno have been In
troduced to the public by Mr. Zangwill!
I have never met a decent non-Jew who
did not leave the theater with a better
opinion of the poor Jew of the Ghetto,
whose faults are so patent and whose vir
tues of soul so little known.
Then there is another critic who objects
to the play because it does not conform to
his memory of the construction of other
plays. That, as Mr. Kipling says. 1» an
other story! The movement of the drama
will reckon with him sooner or later (I
think). However, he has a right to his
conventions and I hope he Is a thoughtful.
educated and temperate gentleman of the
class to which I would assign Rabb!
Nieto— with the suggestion that when he
writes a notice of the work of a friend
he should not allow the fever of battle,
the critic's Joy of conflict, to benumb tha
kindliness which one should feel for hi3
friend. WILTON LACKAYE.
Actor Declares Zangwill Ko^ Wfoereof Y\e Wrote When ¥\e Dealt With
/ the Characteristics of the Jew.
Wilton Lackaye Replies To Rabbi Nieto.
THE time has come to say something to this community upon the place and function
of the newspaper in society. We by no means magnify the press. We do. not as
cribe to it the obsolction of the pulpit, nor of the schools, nor claim that it assumes
the duties of the individual conscience. But we do feel that the press is on equal standing
with the pulpit, school and individual conscience in guardianship of the purity and morals
of society. Without insisting that all newspapers take this view of their duty -and place,
and painfully aware that too many become the promoters of immorality, -we- must 'still
remind the public th.it in that respect newspapers are exactly like men and women, many
of whom are conspiqious moral forces, teaching by example and precept; while some are
promoters of vice. The latter are dangerous in proportion to their social position, just as
a newspaper that may be socially classed with them is dangerous by reason of its com-
Making no pretenses at all, The Call has felt impressed by its duty to the society of
this community, and its impression has been felt and its path discerned on the side of
those who believe that certain gross acts and crying wrongs are exterminable only by turn-
MORAL DUTY OF T^E PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- THU1&DAY, JULY 5, 1900.
Bryan would better make the most of his show at
Kansas City, for when that is over he will have no
show at all.
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Hailji
on Application.
ATTORKEY.
r. H. MEKZTtACH. lawv.r. iC3 r«!.. Ctnni* b*.
COAL. COKB ANU l'I3 JKO.X
J r WH X- m *** Battwy Street.
.'- C- nlLiUll tt CU-. Telephone Mala UH.
COPPERiiMtTH.
C W CU1TH Ship PSumbin*. Steamboat and
V- IT- Oulllllt Ship Vv'ork a specialty. IS and
18 Washington st. T*Iephon» Main IH1.
ELECT RICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East st.
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
IAK RftVFS * fft ?hl PP ln * Butcher*. VA
JAJ- DUICJ g WU»ci«y. TeL Main 1O4.
GALVAMZIN1 AND METALS.
Manfacturer and Dealer In Metals and Oa|-
vanning. JOHN FINN METAL WORKS. 3U
Howard at.
HARNESS DRESSING. T
"PALO ALTO." Eeat leather preserver en
earth. 23c. Roblnsca Chem. Co.. 11© Howard.
LITHIORAPHIva. ~ ~
Union Lithograph Co.. SC". Sanscme st.. Arttstkj ¦
Lithographers and Printers. Government Ll-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
.METAL.
Extra linotyi>» and stereotype metal. Paclftn
M»ml Works, »;-» First st.. 8an Francisco?
OILS. ~ ' ~/~~
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EL-
LIS. 413 Front St.. S. K. Phone Main 17ia.
¦". • PRINTI* J. ~ i ~*
F.C'BC6liES. ¦ .nsragra-..
PRINTRRS. BOOKBINDERS. '
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
O First it. San FraneUeou
STATIONED AND PRINTER
Tel cgde p . hto PARTRIDGE *» ff^*
WHITE iSfl STEAM COAL. SS^g
narktt Of flc« and Yaxda-ua a^ iuaic
"Basket ball doesn't please me; it la so
horribly unnatural."'
"Yes; the girls rush around lik* read,
*>ut they are not allowed to squeiU.'"— In-
dianapolis Journal. -: -, :-
By addlnz 20 drops of Dr. Slegert'a Angostura
Bltt»rs to every glass, diseases from drinking
polluted water are avoided.
"I am content to be numbered among
the politically dcadl' said one politician.
"1 don't blame yo!f." said the other. "If
I were In your place I'd rather nave an
epitaph than to have nothing at all said
about me."— Washington Star.
Speclalyrt nf ormatl<3?w^ supplied dally to
business^ houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> at Towcsexjd's.*
," . AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Pay and Night."
Tivoll— "Th* «J<?ifha."
Alcaiar — '•Carman."
Orrhfum— Vaudeville.
Grand Orera-huuse— "Children of tfce Ghetto."
; Columbia — "Tr*e at Knowledge."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo ar.d Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
even ins.
Flecher'*— "Romeo and Juliet."
Sutro Iiaih*— Oi*n nichtB.
' AUCTION SALES.
By New York Aurti^n Co.— Saturday. July ?. at 10 o'clock.
1C0'' T«?nts. at 112 Clay etix-et.HOTEL RAFAEL IS
VISITED BY ROBBER
Manager R. V. Halton of the San Rafael
Hotel was at first Inclined to doubt the
story told by McCue, but after interview
ing all of the men concerned now gives
full credence to it.
"Before I let the fellow go Hoffer
brought a light and I saw that the robber
was a middle-aged man, with a mustache
and a three-days' growth of whiskers on
his face. * He was baldheaded, too, and
looked so pitiful that I hadn't the heart
to hold him and turn him over to the po
lice. ' I didn't see him with the knife, but
I found it on the floor beside my bunk
afterward. He must have had It about
him when he tackled me and I must have,
by a fortunate chance, knocked it out of
his hands."
"When he tried to pull my pants from
under my pillow." said McCue yesterday,
"I woke up and grabbed him. It was
pitch dark and I yelled to Hoffer to get a
light, while I rolled out of my bunk and
grappled with him. He was pretty strong
and we wrestled out into the hall ana
along to the stairs. I intended to throw
him down, but when he said, .'For God's
sake, don't hurt me, for I'm an old man
and was only looking for a bite to eat and
a place to sleep,' I Just had to let him go.
If I'd known he tooK that money and gun
I'd have held onto him and got that $25
the manager offers for , the capture ' of
loafers around the place."
with Hoffer on the second floor. In order
to reach the room the burglar must either
have forced the door or have climbed up
a ladder left leaning against the house
and then' through an open window. He
first went to Koeline's room and took the
silver cleaner's trousers out into the hall,
where he dropped them after emptying
the pockets. ¦ -
JACK McCUE, second porter at the
Hotel Rafael, had a desperate
struggle with a burglar In his. room
at the hotel very early yesterday
morning, in which he succeeded in disarm
ing th» intruder, who had a knife, and In
putting him to flight. McCue could have
captured and secured the robber, but, be
cause he is good-hearted and the fellow
begged for life and liberty on the ground
that he was old and hungry, permitted
him to go free.
The burglar- was evidently out for a
wholesale haul, for he succeeded in rob
bing two men before he became involved
with McCue, securing a new 32 caliber re
volver from McCue's room mate, Charles
Hoffer, and *3 80 from Tim Koeline, a sil
ver cleaner sleeping In an adjoining room.
He got away with the revolver and
money, but left behind him his hat and
a bowle knife, which are now in the hands
of Town Marshal John Healy of San Ra
fael. . Marshal Healy and his deputy,
George Agnew, scoured the hills for the
robber yesterday but without result. From
the description given by the men who saw
the robber. Marshal Healy has reason to
fear that he may be insane and therefore
a dangerous man to be at large, particu
larly as he is now armed with a pistol.
McCue says he thinks it was about 2:30
a m when he was suddenly awakened by
feeing his Pillow sliding from under bis
head The porter sleeps, with the other
"ervants of the hotel, in a bunkhouse in
the rear of the main building The house
is a two-story affair and McCue rooms
FIGHT IN THE DARK • WITH A BURGLAR.
An Unusual Occurrence.
To-morrow (Friday) will be on sale 1000
pair Ladles' Shoes and Ties at 45c per
pair, worth $2 and $3 a pair. . Standard
Shoe Co., 1023 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.*
Yolo ? s : Assessment Boll.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WOODLAND, July 4.— The County As
sessor has completed the assessment rolls
for?lD00-01 and turned them over to I the
Board of Equalization. This year's , as
sessment shows an increased valuation
over ¦ last year of $90,610. .
Donner Party Monument.
In accordance with the resolution adopt
ed at the last held session of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West to . appoint a • committee to act .n
conjunction with a like committee of the
Native Daughters to erect a monument
to the ill-fated Donner party of early
days. Grand President Rust has appointed
the following named as part of the Native
The Board of Health met yesterday aft
ernoon and listened to a report from Dr.
Buckley o'n the recent affairs in China
town. He spoke disparagingly of the doc
tors , who had held opposite opinions of
the plague from those of the board mem-
Dr. Williamson appointed a committee
on rules with Dr. Buckley as chairman.
It was ordered that the rules be revised
and that the health employes should makd
written reports of their work daily. A
better system of discipline -will be Inau
gurated by the board.
- Health Officer O'Brien reported that the
Burnett schoolhouse would be disinfected
during vacation and that the plumbing
had been ordered overhauled.
• The board set < to-morrow afternoon at
4 o'clock as the time for the competitive
examination for internes In the City and
County Hospital to be selected from grad
uates of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons.
System of Discipline for Employes
Ordered to Be In-'
. ; / ; aujnirated.
RULES OF HEALTH BOARD
ARE TO BE REVISED
They Are Not Satisfied With the
Roll of the Contemplated
Club.
The following protest has been address
ed to the Republican County Committee:
We the undersigned registered voters and en
rolled Republicans of the Forty-third Assem
bly District, hereby enter our protest with your
honorable body that the roll containing signa
tures for the formation of a Republican club,
to be organized on the evening of July 9 in
this district, has upon it not less than 200
names of men who do not reside in the said
Forty-third Assembly District. In consequence
thereof the spirit and principle of your hon
orable committee has not been carried out.
We therefore as a matter of Justice to the Re
publican votera of the Forty-third Assembly
District request you to select at once ten names
from this petition to assist the County Com
mittee in purging said roll of those who are not
entitled to remain thereon. In conclusion we
desire to say that the enrollment of 446 names
in the Forty-third Assembly District Justifies
us In making this protest. Respectfully. Daw
son Mayer. F. P. Shibeley. Dr. F. Pancoast. F.
Tobelmann. Dr. T. H. Morris, Joseph LJppman.
John Leinhardt. John F. Bullwlnkle, Abe Kas
kell. Alfred Coad. Val Hassmer. W N. Kemp
ston O K. Hilton. G. B. Demartlnl. Israel
Ellas. Isaac Ellas. E. 8. Strauss. J. D. Hart.
J -G Boyne. Charles A. Smith. A. F. Collins.
H. G. Stigllano. James Tichner. Dletrick
Rohrs. R. C. Wilson. M. Vogel, Wash Nevln,
republicans of the
fgrty-Yhird protest
"To the mind stocked with scenes which
would sicken the hardest heart it comes
like a blow between the eyes, leaving one
dizzy, that at the very moment those hor
rors were at the very worst and that
Btricken men were dying like flies for
want of adequate attention, a large com
pany of Intelligent and well-meaning gen
tlemen-at home, both lay and professional,
were feasting on— among other ' things
which the war-worn soldier out here
would have been equally glad to have had
—the perfection of the medical and hos
pital arrangements in the campaign. That
night (Saturday, April 2S) hundreds of
men, to* my knowledge, were lying In the
worst stages of typhoid, wlth^- only a
blanket and thin waterproof .sheet (not
even ¦ the latter "for many .of them) - be
tween their aching J bodies and the hard
ground with no milk and hardly any med
icines, without beds, . stretchers, mat
tresses, without linen - of any; kind , with
out a- single nurse among them,. with only,
a few ordinary private soldiers to ¦ act as
orderlies, rough and unfitted for nursing.
and with only three doctors to attend 350
patients. ;
? - "There were none of the conditions of
a forced march about this. It was a mile
from Bloemfontein. the capital of the Free
State, a large town, which we had occu
pied formore than six weeks, with a line
of railway, to " two seaports, along which
thousands .of ; troops ¦ and r countless -train
loads of stores and equipment of all kinds
and for. every one but ; the sick had been
moving up during the whole of that leis
urely; • halting time. • About the same day
a - convoy \ of .: wounded • men were - being
LONDON, June 27.— Many complaints
and criticisms have been showered upon
the "War Office, but no more scathing and
practical denunciation of its methods has
been written than the letter of a Times
correspondent, recently in South Africa,
published to-day. The writer. William L. 1
Ashmead-Bartlett Burdett-Coutts, mem
ber of Parliament for Westminster, the
American husband of Baroness Burdett-
Coutts, exposes in detail the inadequacy
of the British hospital service and relates
the Intense suffering which has . been
caused thereby. In part his letter Is as
follows: . . . - -•-¦:-
ice of the Associated Press.
Thousands of Brave Soldiers "Left to
Die Who Might Have Been Saved
"With, tlie Slightest
Care.
British Medical Corps Was
Woelully Incapable .
for Work.
HORRORS OF
ARMY HOSPITALS
IN TRANSVAAL
"With no further equipment than a* few
marquees and a few bell tents, no addi
tion of staff or anything else, there were
316 patients, of whom half were typhoids.
Their condition was almost indescribable.
The tents were bell tents, such as were
mentioned in a former letter as affording
sleeping accommodations for six to eight
orderlies when working In sound health.
In many of these tents were ten typhoid
cases, lying 'closely packed together, dy
ing against convalescent, patient in his
crisis pressing against a man hastening
to it. There was no room to step be
tween. Think of this, you who know the
sort of nursing a typhoid patient requires!
With no bed or mattress and only forty
two stretchers in the whole hospital, it
followed that 274 patients had to be on
the earth:; There was a great scarcity of
blankets, and no patient could have more
than one, with water-proof sheet between
his body and the ground. The ground i3
as hard as stone, and at night the tem
perature falls to the freezing point. Be
sides other deficiencies which cannot be
described, there were no sheet or pillow
cases or pretense of bed linen of any kind.
Only a coarse rug grated against sensi
tive skin/burning, with fever.* The heat
of these tents in the midday sun was
overpowering, their odors sickening. Men
lay with their faces covered with flies in
black clusters, too weak to raise a hand
to brush them off, trying In vain to dis.
lodge them by painfully twitching their
features. Seventeen orderlies had come
with -or been raised for the Bloemfontein
field hospital. Ten had been taken from
it, the number being made up from the
bearer company, but they had other du
ties to perform than brushing. flies off pa
tients""faces. At night there were no at
tendants to prevent patients in the de
lirium stage from getting up and wander
ing about camp half naked, in the bitter
cold. In or.e tent, where four . men slept
and others lay with eyes open and star-
Ing a case of "perforation" ¦was gToaning
out his life, huddled against his neigh
bor's ground. Men had not only to. see
but often to feel others die."
"The horrors of those scenes, tortures
suffered by our wounded owing entirely
to ¦ the shortcomings of medical equip
ment, staff and transport, were by-words
in every mouth." ¦
Describing the field hospital at Bloem
fontein, Mr. Burdett-Coutts writes:
subjected to nameless torture for want of
an ambulance transport or the simplest
comforts, . huddled together In rough,
sprinpless ox wagons, jolted over spruit
and drift for forty miles, the. road .being
strategically safe and . their destination
this same Bloemfontein. provided with
most things except humane" appliances for
the .wounded. These are two typical in
stances of the state of things there on
April 27. From morning till night gloomy
processions followed each other across the
market square, .with arms reversed, with
shapeless figures sewn in blankets and
crowded, to unknown graves in the ceme
tery on Southern Hill, day after day,
week after week, in ever growing num
bers. How many of .these might to-day
be strong men, full of life, rejoicing at
their near return to home and friends. Is
terrible speculation, which must be left
to those who consider the conditions at
tending their sickness and death.
NEW YORK, July 4.— The singlmj , in
competition for prizes given by the Ger
man Emperor took place at to-day's meet
ing of the Northeaster Saengerbund. The
sonp was "Das Deutsch Lied," music by
Peter Faenger. words by Adolph Haecht
mann. The hall was crowded by a largo
and enthusiastic audience. After the sing
ing societies had sung the eight partici
pating societies formed one chorus of 650
and sang the prize song under the direc
tion of Mr. Claussen.
Competition in New York.
Northeastern Saengerbund Holds
SING FOB PRIZES.
CAR 1105 ot the North Beach and
Kearny-street line proved to be a
hoodoo last night. On two succes
sive trips, while In the vicinity of
Kearny street and Montgomery avenue,
two men were Injured, both of them se
verely, and mystery surrounds one of tne
CS Shortly after 8 o'clock last evening
Thomas Daquina, who resides at 1401 Pow
ell streets, was taken from the car at
Pacific and Kearny streets with a gash
two inches in length In his throat. He
claimed that while ri« n ? °» ftS^pS
Ktrnrk a wire, producing the Injuries. *^o
lic^^mmediately investigated the affair
and could find no wire In the nejshbor
hood. They arrived at *»>e conclusion that
some unknown person had deliberately
car made from
North Beach another accident happened
at the same place. Brit Mardas, a Chil
ean sailor, while drunk, attempted to step
from the car, but did so backward and
fell, striking his head on the pavement.
He was rendered unconscious for some
time but the physicians do not consider
his injuries serious.
HOODOO ON AN '
ELECTRIC CAR
Sons' committee: Frank D. Ryan. F. II.
Blackwell. George L, Jones. W. T. Monk.
Milton Besse, J. F. Eggert. There are
two more members yet to be named. Mr«L
Ema Gett of the Native Daughters has
appointed the following named, as th©
committee for her order: Mrs. Genevleve
Baker, Buena Vista Parlor, San Fran
cisco; Miss Stella Flnkeldey, Santa Crua
Parlor: Miss Jennie Davis, California
Parlor, Sacramento; Miss Alice Watt.
Manzanita Parlor, Grass Valley; Miss
Fay Peabody, La Paloma Parlor, Gllroy.
These committees win shortly meet to
make the preliminary arrangements tor
the selection of a design for the monu
ment, which is to be erected in Nevada
County, between Truckee and Donner
Lake, to mark the spot where the Donner
party perished In the snows while endeav
oring to reach the land of gold.
Take your Fourth of July outing on the
Santa Fe new line. Very low rates to all
local paints. Tickets good to return until
July 5. The new line offers many induce
ments. Agents at 62-8 Market and at ferry,
foot of Market street, will tell you all
about it. •
Vacations for Policemen.
The following order issued by Chief of
Police Sullivan yesterday brought smiles
to the countenances of the members of
the department when it was read at the
various stations:
"To the Company Commander: The
Chief of Police directs that you grant a
vacation of twelve days to each officer
under your command, commencing July
6 1900, arranging the vacations so tnat all
officers -will be on duty September 9. Ow
ing to the lateness of the season, you will
allow as many officers to go at one time
from each section as can possibly be
spared."
Xote— This study will be concluded on
Thursday next.
the conquest of the island by the Plsaris
this ware. was introduced Into Italy under
the name of majolica. This Mezza majol
ica was superseded in the early sixteenth
century" by the true majolica, famous for
its remarkable iridescent brilliance of
orangs, yellows, blues and greens; for
this ware Raphael and his pupils made
many designs. It is Interesting to note in
this connection that modern Florentine
workshops have v revived recently :he old
Urbanese majolica and are successfully
reproducing its exceptional artistic excel
lence.
Luca della Robbia (140O-14S1) discovered
a tin enamel of peculiar fineness and
whiteness which was kept a family secret
until 1507. In common with his nephews
and grandnephews he produced many ex
quisite terra-cotta reliefs, which, coated
with white tin enamel and enriched with
vari-colored glazes, form a unique monu
ment to the genius of this rarely gifted
family. Girolamo della Robbia, grand
nephew of the inventor of the famous
stanniferous enamel. Introduced it into
France (1516), where, at Nevera, was madt*
ware similar to that of Urbino. By re
peated experiment the celebrated Bernard
Palissy also discovered a tin enam-l
which made all the elaborate pieces com
ing from his pottery famous for their brtl -
liancy and purity.
Earthenware seems to have been mads
in England as far back as the reign of
Edward I. in the thirteenth century.
"While many early examples of Stafford
shire slip, such as posset pots, ptgglna
and plates manufactured as early as 1660.
are still found in England, the method of
pressing different colored slips into moid)
was not perfected until a century later,
when WhieMon and Wedgwood produced
the famous queen's ware and jasper ware.
Meanwhile Dutch and Portuguese trad
ers had brought home that translucent
porcelain called, from the country in which
it was dicovered, China. Its imitation at
Delft, with its soft, cobalt, underglaze
blue, is too well known to need much com
ment. It was speedily exported in vast
quantities to all parts of Europe and Intro
duced into England In 1676. That English
importations of china were rare, even in
the time of Queen Elizabeth, is shown by
the mention in the inventory of her valued
gifts of a "poringer of white porselyn and
a cup of green porselyn." Many curious
superstitions surrounded the first pieces of
Oriental ware, one of the most popular be
ing that china Instantly showed the pres
ence of poison In any liquid with which it
came in contact. Shakespeare refers to
the ware but once, in "Measure for Meas
ure." It may simplify matters to remem
ber that tea and the dishes necessary for
its service became_plentlful in England at
the same time (1630) and from the same
place. As specimens of the varieties of
the European china manufactured since
that time have found their way in goodly
numbers to America, its development may
as well be studied from the pieces brought
hither by the colonists as in th.e place of
its manufacture.
It is frequently asserted that the Pil
grim fathers brought with them many
samples of the ware manufactured in the
city from which they set sail, but as at
that time delft ware graced only the ta
bles of the Dutch aristocracy it is unlikely
that it was even a temptation to the fru
gal Pilgrim housewife. It was afterward
brought over in considerable quantities by
the Dutch settlers around New York, who
did not value it very highly, and frequent
ly traded it off to their New England
neighbors.
The plow to-day is constantly turn
ing up rude specimens o£ the pottery of
the North American Indian, whose wares
were buried with him that he might use
them in the happy hunting ground, and
in the excavations from the tombs and
ruined cities of prehistoric peoples are
found numberless examples of the uni
versality of the potter's art. Probably
the tinest of these exhumed relics are
those of the early Greeks, whose vases,
so Justly renowned for their beauty and
form, were but the natural manipulation
of a fine earthenware in the hands of an
artistic people, heirs to the noblest tra
it is difficult among the multiplicity of
utensils of the twentieth century to real
ize the importance of the vase in olden
times. Indispensable to the Greek In his
every-day lite, the vase and its kindred,
known as amphorae, were used for hold
ing wine, water, oil and food, for adorn
ment of the home and for burial in the
tomb. These vases, distinguished by their
exquisite grace of shape and vari-colored
raised slips or glaze of black, cream or
red, upon which was incised black sil
houettes or paintings of mythological sub
jects, show seven distinct stages of his
torical progression, ranging from the
tenth century B. C. to about 200 B. C.
Probably the best-known type Is the
black-figured amphora or the more grace
ful dancing figures adorning an amphora
a century later. Many examples of this
ware, modified later by Roman Influence,
have been found In England on the site
of Roman stations. This red-glazed pot
tery, known as Samian -ware and distin
guished for its enrichment by scroll and
festoon, was not only Imported into Eng
land by the Romans, but judging from
the molds and kilns occasionally found,
was doubtless made there by Roman pot
ters, following Caesar's invasion of Brl-»
The Arabs also manufactured a most
artistic pottery, known as lustered ware
or golden pottery, which they introduced
into Spain about the twelfth century. Its
brilliant iridescence and great variety of
'ornamentation caused it to be greatly
"prized by popes, cardinals and princes of
this world, who were astonished that such
noble works could be made of clay.
The Arabian and Persian potters also
manufactured upon the island of Majorca
an earthenware coated with a stannifer
ous or tin glaze called '/enamel. After
Under the general name of ceramics
(from the Greek, keramos, potter's clay)
might be loosely included all branches of
plastic art formed by molding, modeling
and baking clay. With the connoisseur,
however, the lines are drawn more strict
ly, and pottery proper is understood to
include only stoneware and enameled or
glazed earthernware, such as the Majol
ica and Delia Robbia ware of Italy, the
faience of France and the delft ware of
Holland, while porcelain is of a far more
translucent composition of china clay,
generally characterized by a glassy frac
ture, a clear ring and resistance to fire,
water and almost all acids. Clay is a
materialso generally distributed over the
face of the earth, and its plastic possibil
ities—its adaptability to the most refined
and appropriate forms, together with its
affinity for fine glazes and enamels— have
been so generally recognized even by the
most primitive savages that the potter's
art seems to have been intuitive.
BT MARGARET AIXSLEE.
POTTERY, PORCELAIN AND COLONIAL CHINA
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
James Taylor Rogers delivered an ad
dress last night before a meeting of the
Social Democrats«at the Temple, 117 Turk
street, on the subject "Government Based
on Natural Right." The speaker read a
portion of the Declaration of Independ
ence and asserted that the country had
departed from principles there set forth
in its treatment of the Philippines and
Porto Rico. He referred to the tramp
problem, and raid the cause lay in laws
which give the few the right to take toll
out of the fruits of the labor of the
masses. True liberty consists, he assert
ed in the right of untrammeled thought,
the right to take part in the government
and the right to enjoy all the fruits of
one's own labor.
"In the new government." the speaker
said. 'Two broad principles will be recog
nized—the law of association, of co-opera
tion, and the necessity of serving one's
fellow men in order to be truly happy."
James Taylor Rogers Condemns Im
perialism Before Social Democrats.
TALKS OF TRUE LIBERTY.
Francisco, Fifth; H. G. Wiltshire, Los
Angeles, Sixth, and N. A. Richardson, San
Bernardino, Seventh.
The State Central Committee will be
composed of the following named:
P. M. Edwards. Humboldt County; F.
Buell, San Joaquin County; C. R. Arm
strong, Colusa County; Scott Anderson,
San Francisco County; Jacob Nichol, San
ta Clara County; James Roach, Los An
geles County; O. B. Olufs, Fresno Coun
ty; J. M. Reynolds. C. H. King, Max
Schwind, G. B. Benham, J. E. Scott and
Thomas Bersford of San Francisco and
James Andrew of Berkeley, at large.
J. D. Spring of Las Angeles was se
lected by the convention as State organ
izer. \
Eugene V. Debs Chosen as the Nom
inee for President and Congress-'
men Nominated in the Va
rious Districts.
?
The Socialist Labor party held Jts State
convention at 915^ Market street last
evening. Clubs from many different parts
of California were represented, making
in all a representation of fifty-one dele
gates. Permanent organization was ef
fected by the selection of G. B. Benham
of San Francisco as chairman and Thomas
Bersford secretary. After considerable
discussion it was decided to carry on a
campaign under the name of "Social Dem
ocratic party," and to endorse Eugene V.
Debs for President. The convention chose
as its platform that adopted by the New
York Conference of Socialist Labor. The
following nominations were made:
Presidential Electors— Frank Reed, Eu
reka; Frank Murray, Stockton; H. Hauch,
Alameda; Olaus Gafvert, San Francisco;
John M. Reynolds, San Francisco; A. J.
Stevens, Los Angeles, and William Main,
Fresno. Lem. D. Biddle and E. M. Dewey.
at large.
Congressmen — William Morgan of For
tuna in the First District; R. A. Dague,
Alameda. Third; G. B. Benham, San
Francisco, Fourth; Cameron H. King, San
Delegates Meet and Indorse
Platform of New York
Conference.
ELECTORS NAMED
BY THE SOCIALIST
LABOR PARTY
THE SAN rRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.
I A J I A ' 1 1
Intruder Is Quickly
.Disarmed by Por
ter Jack McCue,
but hscapes.
II.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ' . ¦_ •
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'ni
St. Louis, U. S. A.\
Brewers of the. original Budweiser,
Faust,Michelob,Anheuser=Standard,
PaIe=Lager, Black and Tan, Export
Pale, Exquisite and Malt=Nutrine, use
no corn in any of their .^^^ j^
products, but only
the choicest of '
materials, which
accounts for their l^MWisM*'
leading in both
Quality and Quantity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MY BEAUTIFUL BABY BOY
W'?ak Women Made Happy by Lydta E.
Flnkham's Vegetable Compound —
Letters from Two Who Now Hare
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It was my
ardent desire to have a child. I had
been married three years and" was
childless, so wrote to you to find out
gliiifillll 'n«' ii 'the reason. After fol-
KyjaJwBaB [|2[ vice and taking Lydia
P>^ camethemotherof
i WL * dULu* lil 1X1 6
ago, statin?; my case to you.
- "I had i>ains through my bowels,
headache, and backache, felt tired
and sleepy all the time, was troubled
with the whites. I followed your
advice, took your Vegetable Com-
pound, and it did me lots of good. I
now have a baby girl. I certainly be-
lieve I would have miscarried had it
not been for Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- '
table Compound. I had a very easy
time ; was sick only a short time. I.
think your medicine is a godsend to
women in the condition in which I
was. I recommend it to all as the best
medicine for^ women." — Mrs. Maby
Lajte, Coytee. Tonn. *
A visit OR- JORDAN'S obeatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
A g& WEI KUZIT St. tat 6447th, SJT.GO. A
T Cf^ The Lareett Anatomical Museum In the \'
A World. Weafcaejiei or *->y contracted m
L JEsSrf dite»e pc«l«l»«-ljrc«r©dhyihe oldest T
fi< /fSi\A» i>pec>*li»:rni!i---Cc«»t. Est-3«yeiiv 9
A i&B&l OH. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
\ B££jJ?feH Co.itultation tne. and strictly priTate. \
A I X»if R Tm rmrnt personally or by letter. A §
\ a t Si « **"* '"* t ' urtla e y e'y case undertaken. \
Am 0 \\ ft Write for Bock.PHrLOXUPaV.li
W f if IT vabuaob. haiuo hee. <at
l Ij Ih »»lu»ble book for tarn) ' ---.<\
9 OK JUBDAN <£ CO., 1051 Market St.; 8. P. f
f\ ¦ rr nni/l I Comer Fourth and'
IftFr Mil r-ssM^iss
Urir L nu I HL gn^iHs
Valises checked free.
A-WTTSFMrr/WTR.
IT TTAS A GREAT DAT.
THOUSANDS TRIED TESTKRDAT AND
COULD NOT SEE
Dunne & tyxfs ALL-STAR CAST
A DAY ail NIGHT
Wfelca "Will Be Pr»>s»nt»d for the Balance of
This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Dcn't Fall to Secure Your Seats in Advance.
Next Sunday Klcfet. HOTT'S CLEVEREST
SATIRE, "A CONTENTED WOMAN."
MISS NORMA WHALLEY In the Title Role.
f m /^& fl I &J} 551 1 A trt.
THIS "WEEK EVERT NIGHT (Except Sun.).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROUMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the New York Lyceum Theater Success. THE
TREE OF KNOWLEDGE!
A Powerful Play by R. C. Carton.
Presented by a GREAT CAST.
NEXT WEEK- HENRY MILLER »nd Special
Coir.psxy in the Comedy c' Manners,
"AMAHnlASECFCOKVESIEHSE!"
A (Jaf ted From the French by Sydney Grundy.
SEATS NOW READY.
EAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER
BILL.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
A Girted by MISS EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker City Quartette.
THE FOUR COHANS
TODD JUDGE FAMILY. GILBERT AND
GOLDIE. CARRINGTON. HOLLAND AND
OALPEN. MteiCAL PALE.
RpFprved peats, 2ic; balcony, 10c; children,
10c. any part.
Miit!ri*>»-s Wednefday, Saturday and Sunday.
rilONE MAIN ZZ2. •
Waltrr Morocco Manager
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Iirur.ense Success of the
NEW FRAWL&Y- COMPANY
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
CHILDREN
OFTHEGHETTO
Next Week— "THE DANCING GIRL."
Prices — 75c, COc. Sic, lie. Matinee — 50c, I5c,
15c. 10c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
*"F 8 V© Li*
CROWDED HOUSES NIGHTLY
TELL OF THE WORTH OF
The Enormous Comic Opera Success,
I liL ULIUiin
Pronounced by Press and Public ju> GREATER
Than "The linVt Eye."
Eveclr.r* at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 60c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
Kjfc-C &- SAT?
41LVH EAT R E^A f
THIS WEEK ONLY
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WUITTLESEY.
Costly Scenic and Costume Production.
CARMEN
6EATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
JCEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS~"CA-
MILLE." ¦
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A
LADIES' WHITE-WASHING CONTEST.
Or&er Seats by Ptoone Park S3.
FICPUFRS CONCERT HOUSE:
ERMA WT3CC. ISABELLA UNDERWOOD
and 6IG. ABRAMOKK In Scene From "RO-
MEO AND JULIET"; NORMAN PHILL11»S
DESTELLE SISTERS. LITTLE MELVILLE
COAKLEY and EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPB
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. ra. to II p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m..to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. IPc: CHILDREN. 5c
I2atl)lng Including Admission. 2jc; Children 20c.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
UKGLV SAM'S HOLIDAY
i Is yours also, when you want your holi-
day shirt front on, and a collar that won't
detract from your pleasure when cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry, where the edges of your collars
and cuffs will not be frayed and where
I the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as Is always turned out
at the United States laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 368 12th Street.
\ »^-"' „ — :"^~-r~!. * — jjv"'!; -^ " - '-^
i?^_.— 7 - * — - n^^-.'r JZ 1 * TIT.. 1 ¦
4 Quart Bottles, $3-?Q
Express Charges Prepaid,
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL. OR
family use. We give you the benefit of the
mldd:<-rr.*-n's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
pgf PURE WHISKEY -^g
Nothirs on case to indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EP"RAIM & ' C. Distillers' Agents.
18 V.onliom:py St., S. P.. Col.
Eole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co., Inc.
pipP WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
In inventing his world-renowned '"Magnetic
Flastlc Truss" Dr. Pierce grave to the public
the mr-st remarkable remedy ever discovered
for the successful treatment of Hernia, or
Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have been
r#rmanently relieved and radically CURED by
this grpat appliance, and thousands of others
are row' on the road to complete recovery. This
Trues is different from all others. It does the
Tou can get our "BOOKLET NO. 1" by call-
Ing at the office, or It will be cent on receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco. '-*•''
Eastern Office— New York City.
Satisfactory
Eye=Glasses.
If you are wearing Eye-Glasses that are not'
ratlsfactory. we can Klve you relief in a few
minutes and at lowest cost (for flrst-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c, while
you wait.
Oca'.ists* prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10. •
OPTIC.ANS^^^"^'".
642 Market St. instruments
vr*Di» cHRowictt Bun.oiM&. Catalogue Free.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manase-
ment on the American and European
plans. .
DR. HALL'S REIN ViGORATORHOTS
Klve hundred reward for any sBZ^tP^'
cace we cannot cure. Thl« »ecret I** *^ j
remedy etcps all losses In ;* !^ p
hours, cures Krr.Us'.ons. linpo- ??J HeM
t<ncy, Varicoct-le. Gonorrhoea, rfffl WXi
GWt. Fits. Sm-tures. I^ost KijJ iM
Manhood and all wastlnc effects «fl l*^
of f»lf-«bup! or excesses.' Sent HOTBWWMSIfl
fealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. J5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. K5 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
for sale at 10T2H Market St.. S. F. All prlvaU
eiseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
*rs*$y&7£:J**n n W* « 11 a ncn-powi-.ot*
*?/&£>&i*' mm **«£ ; JjL rcm&dy for Gonorrhcea,
Gleet. Sportna tor rh<*%
Whitei, unnatural di*>
iV/*iy Qcir»cte«l gg chare*, or any inflc—maj.
fiSfcg not to tulwar*. tiou,, irritation or uicerv
pj—-jL rrireau cetution. ' tlon ot bocoqi men*
K*ftTHEEUH3 Chemich Co. brinea, Hoo-*Btrin«ent.
TUSt'Av, O. ~. A. 3S& ? r " ont ln Pl»ln wrapper.
dgrTii 1'7 «xprsM, prepaid, fu*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA. BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ADVERTISED! KJJTtL
GLORIA SHOES.
GLORIA SHOES
FOR LADIES ONLY.
a. $3: 50
Have you ever worn a pair?
No! Well, you will neter know
v/hat true comfort 13 until you.
do. And so easy fitting and sty-
lish and guaranteed for wear.
Every last from a narrow coin to
a Waukenphast toe, in either
turns or welts, kid or patent
leather. Try the Gloria shoes
and test their merit. They arc
the best $3-5o shoes in the market
If they were not we would- not
handle them. Our • name U a
guarantee.
S«nd for Illustrated Catalogue.
We are sole agents here.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
B. KAT-H1NSKI. Proprietor.
1 0 Third Street, San Francisco
GAPE NOME
machinery and supplies.
OUR OOLD DREDQIXO PUMPS
1/DAfH "^ luccesirul »t Moo* ]««
KKUUn ?•«. AJJ otter, failad. U •»».
ilo» tell*. T BtnmM mi».CALIFORNIA •YACHT CLUB— RACE FOR WALLACE TROPHY. 1900 i
RENO RIDERS WIN THE
FIFTY-MILE RELAY RACE
SACRAMENTO. July 4.— The " Reno
Wheelmen defeated the Capital City
Wheelmen here to-day in the fifty-mile
relay race. For the first ten miles the
rival teams were even, but In the pick-up
for the third relay Leitch, the Capital
City Wheelmen man. got balked and gave
Keddie, the Reno rider, a big start. Ked
die continued to open the gap and in the
last half of the fifth mile Leitch's wheel
broke down and before .he could get in
and his successor get away Reno had "a
mile the better of It. This lead was main
tained to the end, the Renos winning by
Just an even mile.
The fifty miles were covered in 2 hours
3 minutes 38 seconds. There was but one
Bpiil— Shaver ot Reno fell In front of
Charles Noyes, Capital City Wheelman,
and the latter fell over him. Both
were picked up, placed on their wheeln
and rode out their relay. The fastest flvo
miles was by Keddie of Reno, made in
12:20.
The Reno men and delegation that came
ever with them are celebrating in preat
style and • telegrams report Reno ablaze
with excitement over the success : of tho
team. Fully 6000. people witnessed the
race.
PHILADELPHIA, July : 4.-Floyd Mc-
Farland of San Jose, Cal., defeated Jim
my. Michael to-day in a twenty-mile
motor-paced race on the board track at
Woodside Park. McFarland was In the
lead • until the seventeenth " mile, when
Michael went to the front. Michael kept
the lead .until' the last lap on the twen
tieth mile, when McFarland, by. a mighty
spurt, went abreast of Michael and beat
him three yards to ; the finish. The time
for the twenty miles was 37:50. .
Crooks and Spearer beat Starbuck and-
Charles Turvllle and Judge and "Bobby"
Thompson In a five-mile motor race. The
time made creates a new world's record,
it being" 7:09.1-5. The previous record
time was 7:23, held by Miller and Judge.: "j
Twenty-Mile : Race.
California!!' Defeats Michael in a
McFABLAND'S VICTORY.
The annual race of the California Yacht
Club for the Wallace trophy was won yes
terday by the holder, E. F. Sagar's sloop
Edna, which repeated her victory of the
previous year. The Edna was sailed by
her owner, and beat her nearest compet
itor, the bIoop Thelma, by 2 minutes 46
seconds corrected time. J. T. Carrier's
sloop Jessie E, which had been expected
fto give the Edna a very close rub. If not
actually to beat her, did not round the
Preeldlo Shoal buoy, and was therefore
out of \hn race. The owner of the Jessie
E, hoping to Improve her speed, had add
ed three feet to her bowsprit, thus enlarg
ing her jib, and had cut down the hoist
of the mainsail, causing her racing length
to be little less than before. But the al
teration in her rig, though it gained for
her a email time allowance, spoiled her
sailing qualities. . . -
The course was from the southerly pier
head of the narrow-gauge mole at Ala
meda to and around Presidio Shoal buoy
and back." Of the eleven yachts entered,
the sloop Secret and the yawl Royal were
in the 30-foot class and the other nine in
the 36-foot class. The 30-footers' starting
time was 1:20 p. m. and that of the 36
f ooters was 1:30 p. m. The yawl , Royal
crossed the starting line 1 minute and 36
seconds, and the sloop Secret 2 minutes
and 42 seconds, after gunfire." Of the 36
footers the sloop Gypsle crossed first, fol
lowed by the sloops Thelma, Jessie B,
Edward F. Sagar Sails His
Fast Sloop to Victory
In the California
Regatta.
SPEEDY EDNA
WINS WALLACE
CUP HANDILY
Pactolus, Edna, Embla, Aloha and Occi
dent in the order named. The yawl Idler
was under way, but did not start.
The yachts had a fair breeze out to the
buoy and for part of the return journey,
but between the city lront and Goat Isl
and the breeze died out. The sloop Edna
lost some of her. lead here, but when a
little breeze came up she got home ahead
of her competitors. ..The races were un
der the management of R. L. Eames and
J. Harrison Clay. The winning- yacht was
called by her owner, E. F. Sagar, who had
as members of his crew "Jnck" Short, F.
E. Schober and other well-known yachts
men. The start was by the firing of a
single gun.
The times given in the. table below are
those at which the yachts named actually
crossed the starting line, but the time of
the yawl Royal ,and .the sloop Secret were
taken from 1:20 p. m., and the time of the
rent of the fleet from 1:30 p. m. The boats
finished In the following order, according
to corrected time: Edna, Thelma, Gypsle,
Pactolus, Secret, Embla and Royal.
were established and the time throughout
was fast.
Promptly at 1 o'clock the first event
was called, the unfinished race for Santa
Rosa horses. Frank McGregor's Cock
Robin, "W. E. Healey's Philosopher and
George A. Stone's Klondike each had a
heat to Its credit when the sun went down
last night, and to-day's trial was to settle
matters. Philosopher took the heat and
race in ?:21Vs after a good drive.
A. B. Spreckels' bay mare' DIone next
started to beat the Santa Rosa track trot
ting record of 2:11. Under the guidance
of C. D. Jeffries she did the trick in 2:07Vi.
lowering her own mark of 2:09^4 Just two
seconds by the same operation.
The third event was the 2:11 class trot,
stake $600, mile heats, three in five. Five
entries showed on the card. They were
Phoebe- Childers, Dr. Frasse. Addlson,
Neereta and Hazel Kenney. Neereta was
picked as favorite, but T. J. Crowley's
black gelding Addison took the first heat
in 2:12U, and the bookies were not so sure.
The second trip Neereta's nose poked un
der the wire first, however. In 2:10, with
Addison third in the procession. The third
heat went to Phoebe Childers, and then
Neereta got down to work, taking the
next two straight in 2:15 and 2:14 without
any trouble.
The fourth race was a speedy one and
full of interest from start to finish. It
was the 2:10 class pace, stake $600. mile
heats, three in five. The entries were: J.
C. Kirkpatrick's bay gelding Clipper, J. M.
Thompson's Little Thorn, George W.
Ford's Floractta and A. G. F. Stice's Jes
sie C. The Kirkpatrlck horse did the first
heat in 2:06, smashing the State record
and coming under the wire a length ahead
of Little Thorn amid the enthusiastic ap
plause of the grand stand. The second
start was good, but at the quarter Clipper
broke badly and was unable to regain his
position, Little Thorn finishing first In 2:10,
Jessie C second and Clipper third. Clipper
took the third heat In 2:06Vi, showing that
he not only has speed, but quality as well.
In the fourth heat Kirkpatrick'a entry
again took the lead, but broke In the
stretch. Little Thorn coming In In 2:08%.
The geldings now had two heats each to
their credit, and interest ran high. The
horses got off In a bunch and the two
favorites came down the stretch side by
side. Clipper broke under punishment just
before reaching the wire and ran in ahead,
but was set back, the judges giving the
race and heat to Little Thorn. The time
of the last heat was 2:10U.
The last race of the day was for mem
bers of the Golden Gate Driving Club
owners up. Following were the entries-
J. W. Hamilton's Alfred- H: E. Stewart's
Morgan, C. E. Parks' Imp. F. Gommett'a
Pardee, J. Holland's Freddie B and J C
Ohlandt's Alameda Maid. Mr. Parks drove
to win and backed his gelding liberally
He took the first heat In 2:26 and the seel
ond in 2:22^, but the third went to Alfred
H, his only real contestant. In 2:2S&. Imn
took the foujth heat and race, however
finishing in 2:27. Summaries:
J:ll cl»» trot, stakes »«XJ. mil* heata. thre«
Neereta-Neermet Bess (Brooks) E 1 J i i
Hazel Kenney (Hodges) ; J ,|Ji
Phoebe Chllders (Lapham) *• 1 ? I ,
Addii-on O*frerty) ...".13 4 14
Mr. Frasse (Bundi) J disL
Time. 2:13«4~ri(^-2:iQtt-l:lfrl2:li; \
MO claa« pace, stakes JSOO. mile heau. three
In nve.
Little Thorn-Hawthorne by ' Director
(Thompson) 21111
Clipper (Durfee) 12 125
FioriciU (Judd) . "ii]{]
Jessie C (Mahen).... ".*.« J 5.*/
Time. 2:06— 2:10— 2:O6^i—2:OSi,i_J:ioi.
Special race for members of Golden Oat»
Driving Club, mile heats, three In five.
Imp'(C. E. Parks)........... lili
Alfred H <J. W. Hamilton) 3 ni
Alameda Maid (J. C. Ohlandt) 123 3
Morgan and - Pardee distanced la first heat
and Freddie B scratched.
Time. 2:26-2:22K-2:2«K-};:i
Miss Caro Crockett Wins the
Poniatowski Cup and Fred
Tallant the Live-Bird
Shoot.
Bllngura now honors a new lady golf
champion. Miss Card Crockett, daughter
of J. B. Crockett, won the tournament
yesterday for the Prince Poniatowski cup.
to the great surprise of the golf enthusi
asts, as it was supposed that the contest
lay- between Miss" Alice Hoffman, Mrs.
Gllrnan Brown and Mrs. Jean W. Bowers.
Miss Crockett's score was 115 for the
eighteen holes. Mrs. Bowers, who is the
lady golf champion of Southern Califor
•nia, and who played around the links with
Miss Crockett, was second with a score
of 118. Miss Hoffman and Mrs. Gilman
Brown tied with a score of 124. The cup
was won last year. by Miss Alice Moffitt
of Oakland, now Mrs. Doubleday, with
a score of 122. .'..¦:- •':
Miss Hoffman made the first round
in 56 and there was every prospect of her
winning the cup. On the second round,
however, she got into difficulty and, par
ticularly in putting at the seventh hole,
lostner advantage. Mrs. Brown finished
by tielng Miss Hoffman's score of 124, and
for a time it was supposed further play
would be necessary, but Miss Crockett
upset all calculations, by her • excellent
score r of. 115." . - -
The competitors and their' scores were
as follows: Miss Caro Crockett, 115; Mrs.
Jean W. Bowers, 118; Miss Alice Hoffman,
124; Mrs. R. Gilman Brown. 124;' Miss
Edith McBean, 130; Mrs. H. H. Sherwood.
134; Mrs. Fred Magee, 137.
The' Prince Poniatowski cup will be In
Miss Crockett's possession lor a -year.
Should she win It a second time- It will
become her property.. . ,
In the afternoon eleven members of the
Burlingame Country Club competed In the
live pigeon shoot. - Fred>Tallant won, kill
ing is QUt of his 20 birds.- Q.-H. Lent was
second with 17. - He : missed, his last shot
or he would have tied Tallant. The other
contestants withdrew upon missing three
birds. The score i of birds killed was : as
follows:. Tallant. '18:. Lent/ 17; Walter Ho
bart, 11; W. H..Howard, lljjA. H. TVhit
ney, 9;-C> P.. Duval.v7; will Tubbs, 7;
H: J. - Fortman. 6; Prince Poniatowski, S ;
D. DrysdaJA. 3; J. D. Harvey, 2.
SHOOTING AND
GOLF ON THE
BLINGUM TURF
CLIPPER SETS
A NEW RECORD
FOR PACERS
J. C. Kirkpatrick's Gelding
Goes a Mile in the Re
markably Fast Time
Of 2:O6.
SANTA ROSA. July 4.— The third day
of the Breeders' meet proved to be the
biggest kind of a success. The weather
was ideal and the track superb. The field,
paddock and grand stand were packed
with spectators. Betting was lively and
the interest keen. Several new records
LOCALS GRAB
A VICTORY IN
TENTH INNING
Hot, Fervid Baseball Which
Keeps a Big Crowd in
a State of Nervous
Expectancy.
San Francisco 4, Stockton 3.
Heartbeats could be heard all over the
recreation Park stands and bleachers
yesterday during the last few innings of
the frame. Of such a close yid exciting
DAture was this mix-up between Stockton
and San Francisco that an extra round
was necespary to close the game.
Almost as hot as the diamond itself was
this trn-innir.g; maich. "Jack" Bonnet,
Just to show his artistic taste and bizarre
ratriotism. had the diamond studded with
fiags in iime-coloml wash and tomato
can-label effects about the glorious
Fourth. The infield looked like a pin-pool
table in colors. The game was very much
of the same order with fireworks by the
spectators and occasional pyrotechnic dis
plays by the men in the field. In the
« ighth inning Stockton shoved a pair of
its stickers over the plate, taking the ad
vantage by a single run. In the nipth
the score was tied and in the tenth 'Frisco
won out.
Hot. fast baseball. Just like the weather
and il»e day. was the story for two ln
r;!ngs. In the third, after two men had
1-erished, Whalen swatted the ball to the
center field fence and did not rest until he
was on the second bag. Streib followed
with a base on balls, and then Babbitt
found the same spot on the center field
lence, scoring Whalen. but Streib was
caught between third and home and the
Fide retired. The loca!s were on the ra
zor's edge of doing something in this in
ning, but the two hits of Iburg and Hllde
brand w«_nt for naught.
The fifth was a section of Fourth of July
fur Hank's men. Reilly earned the first
lag on a hit to center and went to second
on I burgs sacrifice, reaching third on
J^ockhcad's error, which also gave Brock
hoff a retting place on first. Then Hilde
brand lolled out a hit. scoring Reilly and
giving Brockhoff a chor.ee to die at third,
liildetirand worked a steal and went tc
third on bad throwing. The Schwartz
t"uk a jog to first and on his steal at eec
ond liildebrand scored. Sullivan's out
sect the locais to the benches with the
fcc-nre 2 — 1 in their favor.
In the eighth Stockton overlapped 'Fris
co and Hank's vision became packed with
murky cLouds. Schwartz, the steady, er
rored a few times when there were two
outs and after Lockhead swatted the ball
to the flagpole for a three-bagger. Lock
hoad scored and Pace safe at first stole
second on the second error of Schwartz.
'Jinn ICrug tacked on an error when Ms-
Cartbv rolled the ball to him and Pace
soured. Courtney flew to Rube and the
score was £— 2 in Stockton's favor.
AH kinds of palpitations came with the
ninth that tied the score and prolonged
the game. Krug hit to short and reached
Jirst and was soon after sent to the sec
ond station on Reiily's sacrifice. When
Jburg struck out things looked blue foi
liar.k, but then Urockhoff had a swallow
of luck when Babbitt failed to 6top his hot
one, Krug scoring on the play. Hilde
brand's out ended the inning.
In the tenth Lockhead made first on a
hit and second on Pace's out. McCarthy
and Moore followed and then up came the
Hankites. Schwartz, who was responsible
fur the extra inning by his error in the
seventh, let loose for a two-bagger. Sul
livan flew to Lockhead. Pabst's hit to left
made the ecore 4 — 3 and the game was
ever. The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A, E.
Ftreib, 1 b 4 0 1 1 12 0 0
Itatbitt. 2 b I 0 1 0 J 3 8
:.¦,.:•.. ;-..i. t ¦ i 1 3 0 4 « 2
I'ace. c 6 10 0 2 11
ilcOtrthy, 1. f S 0 0 0 > 0 1
M-jcre. 3 b 4 0 0 1 1 J 1
Courtney, c. f 2 0 0 0 4 10
Morrow, r. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
\Sbelan. p 4 110 0 2 0
TotsJn it ~« ~7 ~i «J8 U ~7
•Ore out when wincing run was. scored.
HAN FRANCISCO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockboff. e. t 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hlldr-brand, r. *.... 4 18 10 0 0
H-hwartz, 2 b 4 12 0 112
.-..:¦ :.r\ C S 0 0 0 i 0 0
P«.b«. 1 b 6 0 1 0 12 1 1
Levy, 1. f 4 0 1110 4
i>r..-. s. s 4 110 5 4 1
Beilly. 3 b S 1 1 0 1 2 0
lburg, p 4 0 10 110
Tot*!s 88 4 > S *t* It 4
"Strelb out for runnlns; otjt of 11ns.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 0100002001
Ba.ee hits 0 02110011 1—7
San Francisco 0 00020001 1—4
Base hits 1 02120001 2—9
SUMMARY.
Runs retponsible for— "Whelan 1, Iburg L
Thr«-e-ba*e hit — Lockhea.6. Two-baft hits—
Schwartz 2. Yl'helan. Luckbead, Babbitt, bac
.-.:.¦• h:is— Iburg. Courtney, litilly. Pace. First
base en errors— Stockton 4, Kan Francisco 4.
First bust on c&lled balls— Stockton 3, San
Francisco 1. Left on bases— Stockton 9, £an
Francisco £. Struck out — By Whelan 2. by i
Iburf 4- r»ouble play — Ibiir* to Krug to Pabst.
Time of came — One hour and 40 minutes. Um
pire—Donofcue. Official ecorer— J. W. Staple-
Champions Win Again."
SACRAMENTO, July 4.— The ball jame
here to«<iay was eIow and uneventful.' The*
principal features were a home run by |
Hughes without knocking the ball over
the fence and the marvelous work of
1'rancks at short. Score:
.SACRAMENTO.
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McI-auRtilln. 1. f 4 10 12 0 0
JJevereaux. 3 b 2 3 1 6 2 '4 2
Hacan. b. s- 2 2 0 2 15 1
Hughes, r. f 5 2 I 0 2 0 0
Hanlon. 1 b 4 0 1 0 15 0 0
l.iur, e 4 0 11110
; > y>, p 4 0 2 0 0 2 1
Khanahan. c. f 10 0 0 4 0 0
BtUl*. 2 t> 4 0 1 V 0 2 0
Totals a 7 1 » n 14 "I
OAKLAX1X
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, e. I........ 4 10 12 0 1
Lar.ce. 2 b 6 i 2 0 1 2 0
Hutrhlnson, 1 b 5 1 1 0 8 0 2
Ilardle. r. f 3 I 0 Z 9 « •
I'ranks. «. s 6 * 1 1 1 | •
Moskiman, 1. f 3 U u u 4 0 u i
Arellanes, 2 b 4 0 1 1 2 1 0 i
Manperina, c * 1 £ 1 t 3 0
ltt-rlUe. P _4 2_ 2 ° ° 1 0
Totals «7 « 1 6 27 14 "7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacrampnto 0 0 0 2 2 0 0 0 1—7
Kafte hits 0 0 12 3 10 1 0—8
Oakland -•-* 0 0 0 12 0 0 O—G
'.::itr hits 1 2 0 12 2 0 0 1—$
SUMMARY.
Ituns responsible for— Doyle 2. BeviHe 2. Home
run— Hupbes. Three-bane hit— Ueville. Kacri
ilce hit — IJrennan. First base on errors — Sacra
mento 3, Oakland 2. Flmt base on e&lled balls
-Off Doyle 2. oft R«vllle 7. Ltft on bases—Sac
ramento «, Oakland S. Struck out— By I>oyle 1,
by Bevllle 1. Double play— LanRe to Arellanes
to Hutcbinaon. Passed bajl— Manirerina. Time
of punf-Two hours and 10 minutes. Umpire—
O'Connell. Scorer— L C. Nathan.
The drawing of the nlnety-slx-dog: open
stake for the Saturday and Sunday rac
ing at Union Park, the proceeds of which
are to go to the Sweeney benefit fund, 13
as follows:
Curtis & Son's Anchor vs. S. Bandy's Twin
City Girl; Jame's Hurley's Shy look Boy vs
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory: E. M. Kelloprs'i
Ben's Babe vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flusil
Bartels Bro».' Beer Brewer vs. C. W. Bon
ner"s Wild Norah; W. Cramer's Jesse Moore
vs. T. Tierney names Tea Rose; C. A. Peter
son's Silver Cloud vs. H. Lyneh's Lexington-
Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann vs. P. McCabe's
Boney Boy; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill vs ft. u
Taylor names Mose; A. Johnson's Lowlander
vs. A. Maher names Swedish: Captain C*ne - s
Master Davenport vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Nora-
C. B. Charlesworth names Crawford Braes vs"
James Hurley's O K Capitol; Jeff Martlnett's
Slim vi. Curtis & Son's Narcissus: Pasha Ken
nels' Reckless Archer vs. Erwin & Lyons' Sil
ver Lyon; Aenetd Kennels' Agamemnon vs E
M. Kellog-g's Sweet Emma: Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Magic vs. E. M. Kelloffg's Kid Mc-
Coy; H. Lyneh's Lottie M vs. James Hurley's
Hurricane; J. L. Rc»s' J L R vs. E. M. Kel
lcgg's Iowa Boy: I "as ha Kennels' Rural Artist
vs. Captain Cane's Greenhall; H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence vs. J. R. Smith's Lady Sears-
M. P. Whiting's St. Anthony vs. Erwln A
Lyons' Silver Wins; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wan
da vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Lad-
James Dean names Lady Clare vs. Walsh &
Hanrahan's Sacramento Boy; Gus Abercrcm
bie's Rock Island King vs. D. Winders nam—«
Risky Attempt; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
vs. P. Reiily's Expense; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. James Sutton names Master Law.
rence; James Moriarty's Kettleman vs. F A
McComb's Motto: Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire
vs. Russell, Wilson & Allen's Belle Clair- Rus
sell. Wilson & Allen's Victor Boy vs. J. Mo
riarity's Snapper Garrison; J. M. Wood's Cllit
Wilson vs. W. O'Brien's Blackthorn- T J
Cronin's Wild Tralee vs. Start & Knowles'
O'Hara; P. J. Reiily's Ploughboy vs. Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead: R. E. de B Lopei's
Sara vs. Captain Cane's Miss Penman; Russell
Wilson & Allen's Rosle Clair vs. T. J. Mc
lnerney's Reglna R: Curtis & Son's Flylnjc Fox
vs. T. J. Mclnerney'a Johnnie R: Russell Wil
son & Allen's Julius Caesar vs. J. Schon's
Kingr's Borderer: Nethercott Bros.' Flood^ata
vs. Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter; Curtis
& Son's Cavalier vs. Russell. Wilson & Allen's
Lady Emma; P. J. Re!Uy*s Warship vs. T. J.
Mclnerney's Tommy Rex; Curtis & Son's Mc-
Klnley vs. F. A. McComb's Patriot; P. J
Reiily's The Grafter vs. Curtis & Son's Maud
8; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. Lowe £ Thomp
son's Prince Hal; J. R. Smith's Petronius vs.
J» R. Smith's Jennie Wilson; J. R. Smith's
Sylxanus vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe;
P. J. Rellly's Master Mat vs. E. & U Scott's
Lord Byron; Curtis & Son's Old Glory v».
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas: Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs vs. R. E. do B. Lopex's White
head: J. Sutter namea Mayflower vs. H. Lynch
names Emma M; M. Dunlea's Erin vs \. L.
Austin's Finn Foe
Pri*ts— First, $150: second, $100; third. $73 •
next three. |50 each; next six. «0 each: next
twelve »20 each; next twenty-four. »10 each;
total. $1135. ~-4HSSjbbbbbjmsj|
Trains will run on Saturday at 11 s. ra. ana
on Sunday at 10:15 a. m., u a. m., 13 noon ana
l p. ra.
PLEASANT GIRL
CAPTURES THE
STAKE HONORS
Lands the First Prize and
Beats Four Favorites in
Great Style at Union
Park.
There was a large crowd at Union
Coursing Park yesterday, despite the fact
that an admission fee waa charged at
the crate. The special stake of sixty-four
entries was run off In a satisfactory man
ner. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl secun-.i
first money, beating Perlgo's Bohe after a
long in and out course. The runner-up
proved a good thins for the pikers in tba
stake, raising the flag in the secon 1,
third, fourth and fifth rounds on the short
end. In the run down she beat Reekie r*
Archer at even money in a gruelling rai-o
with the heavy score of 17 to 13. Motto
was the next one to go under to the fleet
black one. The talent offered 5 to 3
against Bohe in this go, but she showe<l
her staying qualities and won with a 1 •
to 7 si-ore. At the same odds she got the
decision over Minnie Wa Wa in the next
round. The talent then played Bohe r^r
all out and thought so little of her
chances, against Greenhall that tht- ¦
quoted 5 to 1 against her. Greenhall le 1
her Well from the slips, but Bohe sud
denly let out arid passed him. Bne
showed smart on the hare, and got th>
kill: score, 4-2. Rude Awakening, a 3 t>
1 favorite, was the next victim to go down
the line.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Special vtake. first round— H. Lyneh's Lexing
ton beat J. Maher*» Swedish. 4-0; Russell. Al
len & Wilson's Rosie Claire beat Curtis & Sons'
Cavalier. 6-4; J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson beat
P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy. 10-2; Bartels Bros.'
Beer Brewer beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud.
7-4; J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat M. Michl
llki's Terronite. 14-4; Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured beat A. Johnson's Lowlander. 5-1; E. D.
Fallon's Lily of the West beat R. E. de U.
Lopez's Wattle Blossom, 6-0; Russell. Allen &
"Wilson's Magic beat J. ChambiUs Hot Foot.
J-4; H. Lyneh's Lottie M beat Parkinson &
Murphy's Crawford Lass. 13-4; J. J. Kenny's
Winning Lassie beat J. Holden's Scottish Chie.".
5-1; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Hoy twat
D. Ford's Bor.it a. 5-2: C. W. Dollar's WiKI
Norah beat Sterl & Knowles* Sleety Mist. *-2;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda beat W. Creamer's
Onward. 4-0: P. McCabe's Boney Boy beat F.
C. Mack's Delia M. 6-3; Captain Clarkson'a
Golden Garter beat J. R. Smith's Lady Sears.
3-2; Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening beat
Bartels Bros." Best Bargain, 5-0; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Lady Emma beat E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron, 5-0; D. Winders' Risky Attempt
beat E. M. Kellogg*s Ben's Babe, 5-2: F.
Schou's King's Borderer beat P. J. Reiily's
Ploughboy, 4-0; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl beat P. McCabe's Sky Blue. S-l;
Pasha Kennels' May H>mpstead beat r». Chpl-
cissus beat J. Dlckson's Lady Hess. S-2: Curtis
& Son's McKlnley beat D. Toland's Twilight
Jr.. 9-S; Gin Abercromble's Rock Island Kin*
beat Russell. Allen A Wilson's Miss Allen. S->v
George Sharman's Walt-a-B!t a bye: J. Dean's
I-a.iy Claire beat Captain Cane's Master Daven
port. 5-2; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat Sul
livan & Trainor's Castle Island Boy, 10-2; X.
P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat A. L. Austin's
Thorndale. 22-1: George Ne-hercott's Floodgate
b*at Lowe & Thompeon'i Prlno* Hal. 5-O; R.
K. de B. Lopez's Minnie "Wa-Wa beat Lowe &
Thompson's Scotch Reel, 4-0: J. H. Perlsro'3
Bohe beat Pasha Kennels' Reckles* Archer.
17-13; F. A. McComb'i Motto beat Bartels
3roa." Betsy Borrow. 6-3.
Second round— Rosle Claire twat Lexington,
6-2; Beer Brewer beat Jennie Wilson. 4-2; Rest
Assured beat Hot Haste. 4-2: Lily of the West
beat Magic. fO-1: Lottie M beat Winning Las
sie. 6-1; Wild Norah beat Victor Boy. 3-0;
Wanda beat Boney Boy. 8-0; Rude Awakening
beat Golden Garter. 8-3: Risky Attemnt beat
Lady Emma. 9-4; Pleasant Girl beat King's
Borderer. 4-0; Xarcissus beat May Hempsteatl.
5-0: McKlnley beat Rock Island King. 5-3;
Lady Claire beat Wait a Bit. «-5; Greenhail
beat St. Anthony, 4-0; Minnie Wa Wa beat
Floodgate, 4-1; Bohe beat Motto, 10-7.
Third round— Rosfe Claire beat Beer Brewer.
2-0: Rest Assured beat Lily of the West. 3-2;
Wild Norah beat Lottie M. 10-7; Rude Awak
ening beat Wanda, 7-3; Pleasant Girl beat
Risky Attempt. 4-2: Narcissus beat Lady Claire.
4-2; Greenhall beat McKinley, 3-0; Bohe beat
Minnie Wa Wa. 3-1.
Fourth round — Rest Assured beat Rosl-s
Claire. 5-0: Rude Awakening beat Wild Norah.
6-1; Pleasant Girl beat Narcissus, 4-0; Boh?
beat Greenhall. 4-2.
Fifth round— Pleasant Girl beat Rest Assured,
J-0-. Bohe beat Rude Awakening. 3-1.
Deciding round — Pleasant Girl beat Bohe. 4-2.
HOUND STAKE RACES FOR
SWEENEY BENEFIT FUND
WHITNEY NOW
THE CHAMPION
OF THEM ALL
Beats Sumner Hardy Easily
and Retains the Handsome
Championship
Cup.;
George F. Whitney retained the cham
pionship of the Pacific States by defeating
Sumner Hardy In one of the best contests
ever witnessed on the coast. The game
was faster this year than ever before, as
the players here have adopted the style
of the Eastern champions. Whitney Is the
cnly champion since the days of W. H.
«. *!i3 *r. *3 It* *Z.i *>a *s *a t?i KH »a im »
Taylor. 1S32, that has successfully kept
the championship and cup.
The spectators came early, and when
play was called at 3 p. m. the benches
were all filled. The rooters were out In
force, and the California and Oakland
club boys cheered vigorously and often for
their players. Ogden Hoffman and James
A. Code acted as' scorer and referee, re
spectively. Play was commenced by
George Whitney at service, the game be
ing won by a crosscut drive. Whitney won
the second, a deuce and vantage game,
also the third, making the score 3 — 0.
Hardy by clever volleying and smashing
won the fourth. Whitney won -the fifth, a
line game, and also the sixth, as Hardy
netted all the balls. Hardy took the sev
enth game by deep volleying at the net.
Whitney took the eighth, a deuce and
vantage game, and set. Score, 6—2.
It looked now as if Whitney had an
easy thing of it to beat Hardy, but he
had his worJc cut out for him in the
second set, as Hardy played in better form
and ran to the net continually. Whitney
won the first, a deuce and vantage game
by a clouted ball knocked out of the court
by Hardy. Hardy won the second game
easily, volleying deep. The third was a
long deuce and vantage game, won by
Whitney with well placed chop strokes.
The fourth was a long deuce and vantage
won by Hardy, score 2 all. The fifth,
with Whitney serving, was won by Hardy
by well placed smashes. This was the
only game Whitney lost on his serve. In
the sixth game the only point Whitney
got was by a double fault of Hardy's.
6core now 4—2, Hardy in the lead. In the
seventh game Whitney at the net returned
the balls so they struck Hardy's feet. The
eighth game fell to Whitney by a netted
ball of Hardy's and two clever passes,
score 4 alL The ninth was the longest
game of the match, Whitney winning out.
The tenth and last, , another deuce and
vantage game, was won by Whitney by
a clever drive and good volleying; score
6-4.
In the third and last set Sumner Hardy
seemed Imbibed with new courage I and
determination. He made an uphill and
dogged fight, but the victory was not for
him. Whitney won the first game with a
crosscut volley. Hardy, at the net In the
second, won a love game by good smash
ing. Whitney took the third, a deuce
game, by well-placed shots and a smash
to the base line. Whitney won the fourth,
a deuce and vantage game, with a clever
drive and several misses of Hardy; score
3—1. The fifth fell to Whitney easily.
Hardy netting several balls; score 4 — 1 In
Whitney's favor. In the sixth game Hardy
played his best and won by clever work
at the net and an out by Whitney. Hardy
took the net away from Whitney on his
serve, and by smashing' and volleying won
a love game. The eighth game fell to
Hardy, making the games 4 all. The
ninth Whitney won.
The tenth and deciding game of the set
and match was highly exciting and brought
the crowd to their feet, cheering first one,
then the other, for the brilliant shots they
were making. Hardy lost this frame when
he had It within his grasp. He lost the
first point by making a double fault at
this critical stage of the match. He then
lost the second by putting an easy ball
in the net; he won the third and fourth
strokes by placed smashes, making the
score 30 all; he won the next ' by
a deep smash .to the side lines and lost
the next point by knocking the ball out.
This made it deuce; the next point fell
to Hardy, a pass on the side lines which
gave him the vantage, but he lost It by
knocking a lob out on the side lines. After
deuce and vantage three times "Whitney
won the game, set and match by a bard
smash to Hardy's feet, which he could
not return. It was a clever exhibition
and Illustrated that Whitney has Improved
In his game as well as Hardy. .-'¦,'¦'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,' JULY 5, 1900.
SPORTS
FOTTRTH OP JTTLY SPORTS THAT DREW CROWDS TO FIELD AND WAVE.
8Continued on Page Eleven.
Sons of the Golden west. Ancient order
of United Workmen and woodmen of the
"World. The latter had a float in line
containing the ladles' auxiliary, and a
number of "Woodmen followed in regalias.
Handsome Floats.
The Junior Order of United American
Mechanics occupied the fifth division and
made the finest and largest turnout of any
society. W. F. -Folllne waa marshal of
tne division. The American Mechanics
had a fine float representing "Columbia,
tne Gem of the Ocean." It represented
two white swans drawing an immense
seashell. Bertha Folline, as Goddess 'of
Liberty, held the reins over the swans.
In-the shell were seated the California
Ladles' brass band. of twenty places, who
dispensed music along the line of march.
Another 'float was entitled "A Galaxy of
States" and contained forty- five young
ladies representing the various States of
the Union.
The fifth division was under Marshal *J.
W. Macauley. 'It was made up of - deco
rated conveyances and horribles. Dr. F.
H. Bangs had his automobile decorated
as a liberty bell, and It was one of the
novelties of the ' parade: A number of
tandems were also prettily decorated. The
horribles ended the parade. "
. This | afternoon the • - Exempt Firemen
gave an exhibition with their old fire en
gine. ;' .-.:. ' %:¦¦ ; - . ¦ V ; ' N . . '. Vi\
A vast crowd attended the musical and
literary exercises in the City Hall Park
this afternoon. 1 Joseph R. Patton was
president of the day. The meeting opened
with the singing of the national anthem
and music by : the band. Rev. Alfred
Kummer offered an invocation. A selec
tion was rendered by a quartet. George
T. Dunlap of Gilroy read the Declaration
of Independence. Chairman Patton made
a short address, introducing Mayor C. J.
Martin, who delivered an address of wel
come. .• Hon. H. V. Morehouse delivered
the oration of the day. "The Star-Span
gled Banner" was sung by 'Miss 'Mary E.
Webster, assisted by a quartet.
SANTA CRUZ, July 4.— The celebration
RATHBONE SISTERS WIN
• \. PRIZE; AT SANfA CRUZ
jfj^yyVVyyjy^ppf^* ¥¥¥¥»¥¥¥¥•
tlon In many years waa held here to-day.
The parade was composed of militia, fire
men, Elks, Native Sons, Foresters, Wood
men of the World, Women of Woodcraft,
Knighta of Pythias and other orders, also
many handsome floats prepared by busi
ness houses, over a mile in length march
ed through the principal business streets
of the city. At the city park literary ex
ercises were held to-night. There was a
sham battle between Indians and militia
men and a beautiful display of fireworks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OXNARD PEOPLE TURN
OUT AND CELEBRATE
QXNARD, July 4.— The glorious Fourth
was celebrated In Oxnard In an up-to-date
manner. The entire beet sugar town was
a mass of beauty. There were thousands
of yards of bunting and many flags. A
grand parade was held at 10 o'clock. L.
J. Roce Jr. was grand marshal. Patriotic
and literary exercises were held at the
pavilion after the parade. Hon. E. A.
Meserve of Los Angeles was the orator
of the day. Athletic sports were held in
the afternoon. A dance was held in the
evening. Over 3000 people attended the
celebration. _
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AMADOR ENTERTAINS
AT SUTTER CREEK
SUTTER CREEK, July 4.— Amador
County's celebration to-day of the anni
versary of American . Independence was
by far the most brilliant patriotic dem
onstration ever witnessed here. Citizens
of Jackson. lone, Amador City, Plymouth,
Volcano, Mokelumne Hill, San Andreas
and other places began arriving by «he
hundreds at an early hour, and many
came from the neighboring counties of
Calaveraa and El Dorado. By 9 o'clock
there were upward of 5000 people in town.
There were bands of music from San An
dreas and School.
here attracted Immense crowds. This
morning there was a parade, decorated
carriages being the feature. The Rath
bone Sisters' float was awardjed the first
prize. Literary exercises were held at the
armory. This afternoon there were sports
at Dolphin Park, followed by a balloon
asoension and parachute jump. Several
thousand people gathered on the beach to
witness the fireworks, which were elab
orate. At Boulder Creek there was a pa
rade and literary exercises. ,
NAPA'S CELEBRATION
BEST EVER HELD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, July 4.— Napa did herself proud
to-day. The grandest and most enthusi
astic celebration ever held here was wit
nessed by thousands of people from
abroad. The streets were crowded with
people and every one had plenty of sport.
There were bands of music, speech-mak
ing, firing of bombs, dancing in the big
pavilion and a grand street pageant. The
parade was one of the finest ever wit
nessed and the turn-outs of different or
ganizations were elegant.
Prizes were awarded as follows: Hose
companies — Alerts first, Neptunes of Val
lejo second. Unity third. Decorated car
riages — Misses Kelly first, Amelia Man
asse second. Single turn-outs— Mrs. Por
ter first, Estelle Barstow second. Busi
ness house floats — Henry Horstmeyer first,
Napa .Woolen Mills second, Thompson.
Beard & Sons third.
State Senator Sims of Santa Rosa was
orator of the day. He delivered a master
ly address, which was well received by
his hearers.
HANDSOME FLOATS IN
LINE AT WATSONVILLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSON VILLE, July 4.— The largest
and most successful celebration of the
nation's birthday ever held in . this city
with the exception of the three-day one
four years ago was successfully carried
out to-day. The Native Sons had charge
of the celebration andthev are entitled
to great praise. The parade was a long
one and never before in this section were
seen so many handsome floats.
The oration of Senator John F. Davis
was listened to by at least five thousand
people and throughout his patriotic, elo
quent address the lofty sentiments voiced
by him were constantly applauded. The
verdict of the audience was that they had
listened to the most entertaining and elo
quent Fourth of July oration ever deliv
ered in this city. In the evening there
was a grand display of fireworks and two
dances under the auspices of the Native
Sons.
LONG PROCESSION IN
THE STREETS OF CHICO
CHICO, July 4.— The greatest celebra-
Hon. J. C. Bole of Jackson presided over
the literary exercises. Colonel Leonard
S. Calkins, grand vice chanceior of the
Knights of Pythias, delivered a masterly
oration and received an ovation. Mn«.
Regina Mowrey of San Francisco was
solo vocalist. Rev. James Whitaker was
chaplain. After these services ten se
lected members of the Olympic Club of
San Francisco gave an athletic tourna
ment. In the afternoon there was a rock
drilling contest for $100. participated in by
eight teams. The winners were: First
prize. C. Kempthom and James Oates of
the WHdman mine, Sutter Creek, distance
34V& inches In 15 minutes; second prize. II.
Daniels and E. Bonti of Fremont mlnp,
Drytown, distance 30% Inches. There were
also boxing and wrestling matches by vus
iting Olympians for gold medals, band
concerts and a masquerade carnival. In
the evening an open air vocal concert,
another exhibition by the visiting athletes
and a ball closed the great celebration.
•-• —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON HAS A
DOUBLE CELEBRATION
STOCKTON, July 4.— Never In the his
tory, of the State outside of San Francisco
has there been such a celebration of the
Fourth as was witnessed here to-day.
The only question debated was as to
whether or not it waa not too elaborate
an affair for a city of this size. But the
city contained it all and to-night the peo
ple are engaged in the final wind-up. The
day had a double meaning, marking as it
did the close of the free street fair and
the nation's birthday. The day opened
to the roar of artillery and closed In a
blaze of light. Ten thousand people
thronged the streets and not one was dis
appointed, for, strange to say, the day'3
events not only equaled but exceeded the
advertised programme. In the morning a
liberty tree was planted in Independence
Square. Major E. A. Sherman made the
address and hundreds of school children
dressed In white sang the national an
them. The great event of the day. how
ever, was the great parade.
For one hour the various divisions
marched past the grand stand and
through the crowded thoroughfares. The
variety held the undivided interest of the
throngs from first to last. Three hundred
and fifty marines from Mare Island under
Lieutenant Flechter led the first division.
They were accompanied by their marine
band. The Veteran Keserve of Oakland,
the Veteran* Reserve of San Francisco,
the Grand Army of the Republic, Sixth
Regiment. National Guard, and other mil
itary organizations followed. The Mex
ican War veterans, the Odd Fellows and
Pythians were finely represented by their
drill corps. The Hebcfcah Drill Corps
made a fine showing. The Chinese divi
sion, in which was carried the great dra
gon from Los Angeles, attracted much
attention. The Mongols did themselves
proud and their magnificent display was
6y manvj regarded as the finest spectacu
lar division of the parade. A hundred
organizations were rppresented either by
marching corps or floats. The pageant
was complete In every detail and when
countermarching on Ei Dorado street was
found to be a full mile and a half in
length.
Mjss Genevieve Peters, the late queen,,
appeared as the Goddess of Liberty, rid
ing on a magnificent float. Mrs. Ture
man's kindergarten made a pretty scene
on various floats representing babylaml
stories. Last in the parade came Commo
dore Stockton's guns. It was fully 1
o'clock before the parade was ttlsbande<l
on Hunter Plaza. In the afternoon the
formal ceremony of delivering Commodore
Stockton's Kun3 to the city of Stockton
took place. Major E. A. Sherman made an
address dealing with the historical fea
tures." Congressman Marlon de Vries spoke
on behalf of ,the Secretary of the Navy
In formally delivering the guns, and Hon.
S. D. Woods accepted on the part of the
city. An elaborate series of tableaux com
pleted the stage ceremonies.
This evening was "all fools' night" and
the name Is no misnomer. Thousands are
out in mask and King: Pin Lewis was on
the throne again In all his glory. There
was a general whoop-up all over the city
and all liberty possible was allowed the
merry maskers, who generally refrained
from any overbolsterous conduct. The night
festivities closed the street fair and It
is now in order for a week's commenting
and explaining how all the x-azious things
happened. It is thought that the receipts
of the fair will meet al! the expenses in
curred by the executive committee' in pro
viding this great nine days' entertainment
for the people.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
FLAG PRESENTED TO
THE YOUNTVILLE HOME
YOUNTVILLE. July 4.— The Fourth of
July was celebrated In true American
style at the Veterans* Home. At noon a
national salute was fired by the artillery.
In the afternoon the literary exercises
took place in the presence of a large con
course of veterans and distinguished
guests. The Declaration of Independence
was read by George Colmesnil. a veteran
of the Spanish-American war. The crown
ing event of the patriotic occasion was the
singing of "The Star-spangled Banner"
by Miss Alma Berglund of San Francisco.
The superb quality of her voice, its mar
velous range and her perfect enunciation
Inspired the veterans to great demonstra
tions of enthusiasm and admiration. Never
before was the national air so gloriously
rendered at the home. The singer is a
Native Daughter. She was accompanied
by Mrs. Inman of San Francisco, also a
Native Daughter.
General E. S. Salomon of San' Fran
cisco, an Illustrious soldier of the Civil
War, delivered the oration. Ha spoke for
thirty minutes, inspiring the audience to
great enthusiasm. Ringing cheers irreet
ed his declarations of American senti
ment.
¦ P. Bradley, who went from the home as
leader of the Tennessee Regiment band
in the Philippines, presented the horn©
with a Filipino ting. On behalf of the
Institution Hugh M. Burke accepted th»
trophy and transferred It to the archives.
The notable celebration closed with "a
splendid display of fireworks on the res
ervation. Throngs of visitors from the
valley joined the veterans in admiring
the "electric showers, flrral fountains, wil
low trees, colored rockets, batteries of
colored stars, dragon nets and other pyro
technic devices. Colonel George W. Walts,
commandant at the home, pronounces' the
celebration a notable success* in all partic
ulars. In the absence of President Sid
ney J. Loop the Mexican veterans wer©
represented by J. W. Spratt, First Vir
ginia Infantry.
MARD1 GRAS REVEL
IN THE CAPITAL CITY
SACRAMENTO, July 4.— The celebration
passed off without special Incident. There
was a large and attractive procession In
the forenoon composed largely of military
and civic bodies, floats. ' etc.,- an oration
by Horace G. Platt of San Francisco,
poem by J. E. Cowell of Stockton and
other literary and musical exercises. In
the afternoon there were bicycle races.
a baseball game and mardl gras proces
sion. In the evening- the streets were
Illuminated by electricity and there were
excellent fireworks.
August Menn Jr., Henry Doer. A. H. Mar
tin. Paul P. Austin. E. Bourguignon,
Charles C. Navlet,- William J. Rogers.^
Crowning of the Queen.
At 10:30 o'clock the crowning of Miss
Harrietta Sage as Queen of the Elks took
place at the stand in the City Hall Park.
A large crowd witnessed the ceremony.
The local Elks, with a band, were drawn
up in front. Queen Harrietta appeared In
a white satin costume with a panel of
gold embroidery down the front. Her
robe was of royal purple lined with gold.
About here were her two pages. Master
Eddie- Phelps and Genevieve McMillan,
and her maids of honor, the Misses Helen
Marsky. Maud Campbell. Grace Lord,
Irene CampbeH. Mabel McMillan, Maud
Perrin, Jessie Wilson. Marcia Cathers,
Jessie McGaw, Hazle Singreton. Gertrude
McMillan and Louise McGaw. These at
tendants were attired in white organdie
costumes and carried white silk parasols.
Joseph R. Patton. president of the day.
Mayor Martin and others occupied seats
on the platform. The cornation was con
ducted by Mr. Patton, who. in a short
speech, graciously welcomed her «on be
half of the people and extended to her
the freedom of the city. He then placed
a jeweled crown, mounted by three white
ostrich plumes, on her head. The royal
carriage was then in waiting, and Queen
Harrietta, accompanied by her suite and
guard of honor and escorted with a band
and Elks, rode about the city until the
time of the parade.
Features of the Parade.
The big parade, of 'six divisions, with
Paul P. Austin as grand marshal, started
on Its line of march at 12 o'clock. Chief of
Police Kidward, with a mounted platoon
of police, headed the procession. Then
came Grand Marshal Austin with his staff.
The first division was marshaled by El
mer E. Chase. Then came the band es
corting the Oakland Lodge of Elks No. 171,
which had about fifty members In line.
They wore white hats and purple badges.
San Jose Lodge of Elks, headed by the
Fifth Regiment band, escorted Queen
Harrietta and her suite, i The escort con
sisted of about sixty Elks. They were
dressed in white trousers, dark coats and
wore helmets, and each carried a Japa
nese parasol. Following came the queen's
guard of honor mounted on black horses
with royal purple, saddle blankets and
trimmings, wearing white trousers, black
dress coats and high hats. The royal
equipage of the queen was royal purple
trimmed with gold. Six white horses with
purple and white harness, drew the car
riage, on which were mounted a footman
and a coachman. On the top of the car
riage was an Immense eagle In gold and
purple. Inside was Queen Harrietta and
her pages. Her maids of honor followed
In three carriages. The officers of the day
and city and county officials followed in
carriages.
Charles M. Hatcher was the marshal of
the second division. It was composed of
a band; Company B, N. G. C; Phil Sheri
dan Post. G. A. R.; Patriarchs Militant
and uniformed rank Knights of Pythias.
The third division was made up of J.
TV. Chute, marshal, and his aids, the
Ancient Order of Foresters, Order of
Chosen Friends, ¦ Exempt Firemen, West
End Fire Company, Santa Clara Fire
Company.*
W. R. Lipsett was marshal of the
fourth division. It consisted of the Native
lute ushered in the day, the streets were
crowded. Thousands of ¦visitors were in
San Jose, and they came to enjoy the
Fourth and did so, and not until the last
act of the day had taken place did they
leave the streets.
The crowd was one of the largest ever
seen in" San Jose, and while the great
pageant was threading its way through
the streets the sidewalks were jammed
and blocked. The. parade itself was an
imposing one, and the best Fourth of July
procession ever held here.
' Queen Harrietta's reign was one of joy
and nothing occurred to mar It. Every-
The Musical and Literary
Programme Rendered in
Metropolitan Temple.
A vast audience gathered In Metropoli
tan Temple yesterday afternoon to hear
again the story of '76, of the fight for lib
erty made by our forefathers and of the
present call to arms against the common
enemy in the distant Orient. With bowed
heads this audience, listened to an invo
cation to God from the lips of Rabbi Jacob
Nleto that the people .of this nation be
made the carrier of his covenant; that
expansion might be carried to the ends of
the world, and that there might be dis
seminated everywhere the principles of
righteousness and liberty.
Though the people sat throughout the
ffiST tV^ re Y erentl >; bowed heads and
&«,? « li vclces witn that of Rabbl
l*-Z in^ th . e utt t r »nce of the formula,
they broke Into cheers when he had fin
v«l A & , c tf er that commended the views
%oiced in his prayer. When the applause
had subsided Horace Wilson, chairman of
the day, advanced and welcomed the au
dience.
A song by the Knickerbocker Quartet-
Herbert Wfilian-.s. Dr. R. W. Smith. D B.
Crane and L. A. Larsen. "The Old Flag
Forever." roused the patriotic sentiment
BURNING WORDS
OF ENTHUSIASM
AND PATRIOTISM
The parade was reviewed at Van Ness
avenue and Post street by General Shaf
ter, who rmie down from the Presidio
with his staff. lie expressed great satis
faction over the formation and discipline
of the parade.
as an up-to-date goddess of liberty, rid
ing in an automobile. She received an
ovation all along the line, and not a few
flowers.
The Naval Reserve boys gave the most
enjoyable reception ever held on the Unit
ed States steamship Marion yesterday.
Lieutenant W. T. Burke, executive offi
cer; Lieutenant C. R. Alberger, Captain
James' aid; Lieutenant Henry Peterson of
the First Division, and Lieutenant T. Har
loe of the Second Division showed how
much they have the good of the battalion
at heart by giving the men an afternoon
of enjoyment that they will remember as
long as the battalion exists.
The members of the reserve turned out
in good force for the Fourth of July pa-
NAVAL RESERVE
MEN ENTERTAIN
THEIR FRIENDS
Pele reigned throughout the length of
the city last night. From yard and street
and housetop there belched forth kalei
doscopic flame and the cra'sh of bursting
bombs told the story that San Francisco
was giving vent "to its pent-up patriotism.
Out at Folgom and Sixteenth streets thou
sands witnessed the big pyrotechnic ex
hibition.
Geysers of fire, splendid rockets follow
ing in the blazing trails of star bombs,
set pieces that blazed .from the black
background behind and balloons of tire
all added to the entertainment of the
crowd. Dewey's flagship, /the Olympia,
in fire of rainbow hues, Washington's
profile portrayed in lines of blazing gold
and old glory, as though waving to the
breeze, caught the patriotic fancy of the
public and the air reverberated with
cheers.
BOMBARDMENT OF
HEAVENS CLOSED
THE CELEBRATION
The parade was a very satisfactory af
fair, not long enough to be tiresome,
bright and plea*!r!g to the eye and splen
didly managed. People who turned out
to se? it were able to return home In
ample time for luncheon, with the com
fortable feeling that they had eeen every
thing ihere was to be seen. The tardiness
of the Native Sons' division came near
spoiling the schedule, but when they did
arrive at the place of formation Grand
.Marshal TVarfleld had everything so ¦well
la hand that the march was commenced
without a minute's further delay, and the
natives had to fall la without a chance
to rest.
Promptly at 10:30 o'clock the Balute of
twenty-one guns from The Call building
grave the signal for the start. At that
time the Native Sons division was just
arriving et the place of formation, but an
aid of the grand marshal quickly turned
them Into a side street, and bafore the
puns had ceased booming the company of
mounted police, undtr the command of
Captain Thomson, swung Into Market
ptreet at Battery, to clear the wav for
the pageant. The police drum and bugle
corps fell In close behind them and en.
livened the proceedings with a long roll
or two that set everybody within hearing
to stepping.
The Bbowtac made by the police was
most creditable. Chief of Police Sullivan
rode at the head of two companies of pa
trolmen, commanded by Captains Witt
man and Splllane, respectively, who
marched like weil-drilled soldiers, ana
made an excellent impression on the spec
tators. Further splendid discipline among
the police was ehown in the manner In
•which the streets were kept free from the
crowds.
The XatlonaJ Guard was very well rep
resented by infar.tr>'. cavalry and Signal
CorpF. General H. H. Warfleld, clad In his
uniform as brigadier general of the Na
tional Guard, made a splendid grand mar
t-hal. ana was ably assisted by Colonel
William Edwards as chief of staff and
Major J. A. Margo as chief aid, while a
KCOre of bunting-encircled aids executed
his orders with rapidity. General War
fielii had a Fpecial escort of National
Guard cavalry. Troop A, under the com
mand of Captain Jansen, and they made
a brilliant showing. Major General John
H. Dickinson and his staff were in line,
and the entire Firtt Regiment, making a
Fplendid representation of the National
Guard. The Signal Corps was also In
line.
The rrjrular army was represented by
Battery A of the Third Artillery, com
mand>-.J by Colonel J. B. Rawles, and
preceded by a well-trained band and'
bandmaster, who was the envy of every
{¦mall boy along the lire of march. The
artillerymen added brilliancy to the spec
tacle. The navy made a good showing
with a company of marines from the
naval training elation, commanded by
Captain El R. Lowndes.
Fifteen companies of the League of the
Cross Cadets, under the command of
Colonel E. J. Power, were in line and
made a very creditable appearance.
The parade of the Naval Reserves in
the third division, made an excellent im
pression on the spectators. Captain
James' men were natty In their dress and
well drilled, and their naval guns added
rr.uch Interest to the parade. They pa
raded in battery formation, under com
mand of Lieutenant Thomas 8. Harloe.
The Independent Rifle?, under Captain
I*. Schneider, were In line, a splendidly
uniformed and well drilled organization.
Then there were about 2uQ Native Sons,
headed by a showy drum and bugle
< r,rps : carriages carrying the officers of
the Governor s staff, veterans of the Mex
ican war. city officials and other dis
tincrinsbe4 mrn. The automobiles brought
up the rear.
Miss Jo Hclene Marie Petttt appeared
Successful Parade of Reg
ulars. National Guard
and Civilians-
TRAMPED OVER
THE COBBLES TO
HONOR THE DAY
f-^pHE Fourth has come and gone, and
what is left of the firecrackers are
Jj hugging their red and still solid
f'.dcs and rejoicing over the fact
that, in the general hilarity, they were
not fired off with the rest of the bunch.
The flags have all been bauled down, and
the decorations will follow in a day or
two; the parade pranced up and down the
Ftreets to the music of a score of bands,
nr.d the surplus energy of some hundreds
cf thousands has been worked off in any
one of a dozen different ways; a house
ful cf people has listened to song and
recitation and soul-stirrir.g period and in-
Fpirlr.g verses. The Fire Department has
had its annual run, and some of the
houses have Fuffered. but en the whole
the day was a success from every stand-
There was the noise of exploding pow
der ard the ?mell of battle smoke over
the cltv during the day, and at night the
pkv was crisp-crossod with the rockets
that flew upward, sped bv a city full of
celebratory. There were tireworks at the
Kecreation Park and more at the Chutes,
and there were goodly crowds at both.
f nd enwds that stayed and cheered as
If thev had been waiting a year to stretch
their throats.
The principal center of city interest dur
ing the dav was the parade. It was not a
long parade, but it was a good one and
there wa«= no Jack of people to crowd the
sidewalks as it passed. There were all
the o!d features ar.d some new ones, and
tn ««re were plenty of bands and lots of
music.
The dav was a good one. even for a
Fourth, for it meant all things to all men.
The rnthu^iasm had the ripht rir.ff and
The observance of the day was thoroughly
in keeping with its character. The extra
year has taken nothing from the youth
of ITncle Sain.
On Sunday, July 15, the members of the
battalion will give their annual picnic to
the Santa. Cruz Mountains. The battalion
band will be along and Bandmaster Cam
etti and his men are sure to give a good
account of themselves. The bandsmen
In their red Jackets and red caps were a
feature of yesterday's parade and the re
serve* haa good cause to be proud of the
music it provides on all occasions.
rade. There were 125 enlisted men and
the band ready for duty early In the day
and nearly all of them went ashore and
joined the procession. After the parade
the men and the band returned to the
wharf and were transported to the train
ing ship by the launches. Throughout the
afternoon the band played and the boys
and their lady friends danced on the main
deck while the officers entertained their
friends on the quarterdeck. The men had
breakfast and lunch aboard the Vessel.
THE FOURTH
THROUGHOUT
THE STATE
where the royal party was received with
regal honor.
Reunion of Elks.
For the Elks itwas a sort of a reunion.
Oakland and Vallejo lodges came down
in force, and there were delegations pres- 4
ent from San Francisco and the various
lodges of the State. Fully one thousand
were present. The local lodge kept open
house in the'Hotel St. James and, visiting
brethren were hospitably entertained.
St. James and City Hall Parks were
centers of attractions. In the first -was
dancing and the Midway with its attrac
tions, and the City - Hall Park *was the
scene of the literary exercises and flre
workB.. This evening strings of Japanese
lanterns line the principal streets and the
whole city presents, a- lively aspect. .
The success of the celebration Is due to
the efforts of the executive committee of
the>Elka celebration, who are: Joseph R.
Patton, chairman, Fred I* • Thomas, sec
retary ; E. Bourgulgnon,- treasurer : Frank
J." Brandon, . director general ; ¦William | F..
Foss, Charles J." Martin, A; P. Murgotten,
SAN JOSE, July 4.-To-day s was the
greatest Fourth of July celebration
In the history of Son Jose. Never
before baa the nation's birthday
been so fittingly observed here and
euch patriotism been aroused. The credit
for this glorious celebration belongs to
the San Jose Elks and ; on them the peo
ple are t^stowtng praise. and thanks.
The programme . of festivities : ' went
through without a . hitch and amusement
and fun were furnished for \ everybody.
From almost sunrise, when a national sa-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The American Eagle' at the Golden
Gate." designated as "a personal inter
view," was read by Professor E. Knowl
ton. The poem was original and elicited
much favorable comment.
"W. J. Hynep entertained the audience
with several humorous selections. He said
he had heard the reading of the Declara
tion of Independence. He- had heard the
sentences that granted man certain in
alienable rights, but he had heard nothing
about woman, unless that section referred
to her that granted the people the right to
"bear arms." He had been to several func
tions and had eeen the ladles exercise this
right In addition to' the rested right to
wear low corsage*.
An a nation we rest secure In our present lat
itude* of profit and p*>aee. The American peo
ple will never lose their all-pervadlne love of
country, and remaining In our own continental
stronghold we wilt be substantially unassail
able, and cur toiling masses will carry no sol
diers on their backs. We will be terrible in
battle and beneficent In peace. The "Rockets'
red glare and bombi bursting In air" will each
year renew the lieht i that shone when hope
was born. Let u« be Just before we are char
itable, and let us remember that the Bret power
in secular prosperity might for all that be a
nation of dyinc hearts.
Charles E. Sweigert, orator of the day,
was presented to the audience by Chair
man Wilson. With clear voice and uncon
strained manner Mr. Sweigert approached
his subject. He spoke of the achievements
of our revolutionary fathers, which gave
to the world a ration whose principles will
live until the end of time.
After alluding to the influx of the Japa
nese, whom he said were thriving "like
mandarins on the white man's starving
wages, and referring to the Boer war as
a gallant struggle against the domination
of despotism— a struggle that commanded
the respect and sympathy of all liberty
loving peoples, the speaker concluded his
oration as follows:
of the audience, and it gathered Itself for
future outbursts of applause. The reading
of the Declaration of Independence by
Maxwell McNutt, whose robust voice and
clear enunciation carried his words to the
furthermost corners of the big ball, was
the next feature. Mrs. T. C. Mastejler ren
i dered the "Star-Spangled Banner." Twice
! she was encored, and the big building
¦ rung with cheers for the national anthem.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY ,5, 1900.
CALIFORNIA CELEBRATES
9
GEAPE-1HJTS.
A CALIFORNIA'S
Successful Experiments •With Food.
A gentleman in Oak Park. Cal.,
Henry I'ockman, took up the question
of food, to see if he could recover from
an old case of dyspepsia, from which
nux vom:ca, pepsin and other remedies
gave him no relief.
He started in with Grape-Nuts break-
fast food and his dyspepsia quickly dis-
appeared. He also left off the use of
coflec and took Postum Food Coffee in
its place. He writes that he has been
put right, perfectly well, and going to
remain so by continuing the use of the
Grape-Nuts food and Postum Coffee.
It is v.orth any one's trial, who desires
to be well, to change the diet, and par-
ticularly to leave off coffee. Grape-
Nuts food contains elements that rebuild
,the gray matter in the nerve centers
I and brain and give one a feeling of re-
' serve strength and vigor. This food is
perfectly cooked at tk% factory, can be
served instantly, and *is on sale at all
first-class crocers.Bogs Will Race.
At Union Park a sixty-four-entry stake
race will be run from the first round
through the finals. Some of the best dogs
in the State will course and the follow
ers of the hounds will find . their- own
special and favored sport Just aa they
like it. •
Struck by a ¦, Car.
August : Phillips, residing at 223! Broad
way; was struck by a car_ last evening on
Kearny .: street; near Clay. ': He ".'sustained
lacerations of ; the scalp, hip .'and shoul-*
der. He .was sent to his home; by the of
ficers-at the, California-street police sta
tion. -
Wh*at • Will Become \ of . China P
None can foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between * foreign • powers ' over , the .division ¦ of
China. It is : interesting: to watch the going to
pieces of this ; ancient but ' unprogresslve . race.
__lany people < In * America s are . also going » to
pieces - because ' of • . dyspepsia, constipation,
blood," liver, and i stomach ¦ dlseases.WVe ; are ; liv
ing i too ; fast, ¦ but strengths vigor v and - good
health can be retained If we keep oft and cure
the . above ¦ diseases -, with \ Hcstetter's Stomach
Bitter*, ' „ •
St. Patrick's Church to' Picnic.
At a meeting of the ladles and gentle
men of St. Patrick's parish held last
night, Eugene F. Lacy presiding, it was
decided to hold the annual picnic of the
parishioners on September 3 next. The
following committee to select a suitable
spot for the festivities was appointed: W.
P. Connors. M. P. Corridan, D. J. Ahern,
E. F. Lacy and Rev. P. Heslur.
Prayers for Missionaries.
The Penlel Mission, of which .there are
three branches In San Francisco, held an
all-day meeting yesterday, beginning at
10:30 a. m.\ at 49 Third street, under the
leadership of Mrs. S.E. Drals. The' hall
was filled. Special; prayers were offered
for the missionaries in China/three of
whom are members of San Francisco
Penlel' Missionary Society.
FOURTH OF JULY
MATINEES AT
THE THEAVERS
"The Tree of Knowledge" was played
to crowded houses, : both afternoon and
evening at the Columbia Theater yester
day and aroused the utmost {enthusiasm.
Almost the '¦'. whole. strength of the -com
pany.is represented, including Henry Mil
ler, Frank Worthing, Morgan, . Walcot,
Misses Anglln and Martlnot and. Mrs.
Whiften. Next Monday evening , "A Mar
riage of Convenience," last presented- at
the old Baldwin Theater two years ago,
will be staged. » > «'
There* was a special' matinee at the
Grand • Opera-house - yesterday afternoon'
and well-filled houses afternoon and even-
Ing applauded "The Children of the Ghet
to." The play, in spite of -its essential
faults has created considerable attention
among those interested in the- study of
racial characteristics apd its one oppor
tunity for Wilton Lackaye as the Rabbi
Is so splendidly - taken that It Is worth
while hearing If only for this one noble
picture. Next week "The Dancing Girl."
Dunne & Ryley - at the California
Theater also gave a matinee yesterday to
accommodate patrons of the Fourth. "A
Day and Night"- will continue, till Satur
day evening and on Sunday night Hoyt's
satire i, on the new lady, "A Contented
"Woman," in which the beautiful Caroline
Miskel-Hoyt ; will be ; so well remembered,
will be put on. -Norma Whalley will un
dertake the principal role. ;
The Tivoli had a packed house ' last
THOSE WHO PAID
* THE PIPER FOR
ALL THE NOISE
Accidents Reported as a
Result of Too Much
Fire and Fun. ; :
James Massa came from 523 Davis street
with a gunshot wound in his" right hand.
The youngster. had loade'd a'pistol of his
father's with a slug, and . when it went
off the slug plowed through the . fleshy
,part of Massa's hand.
Ed Bradshaw of 40 Crook street looked
down a pistol when it , failed •; to explode.
Th"e weapon- went off while, he was in
specting it and the consequence was that
his face and neck were >: filled with -pow
der." It took Dr. Dray two 'hours to pick
the stuff out at the Harbor Hospital.
Benado Ponso was brought from 67
Water street with a gunshot wound in the
second finger of his right hand. ' Benado
was playing with a cannon and loaded it
with nails and slugs. The cannon ex
ploded and. Benado has a badly, wounded
finger In consequence. He was taken care
of by Drs. Robinson and Bauer at the
Harbor Hospital; »•
Sam Jones is likely to lose the sight of
one of his eyes through a friend's revolver
exploding In his -face. - Sam was standing
on the corner of. Vallejo ?; and Stockton
streets when his friend came along, and
holding the. pistol across his nose fired It.
The man's : face was - filled with -' powder
and the right eye was in a bad way. Drs
Bauer and Robinson did everything possi
ble for hl*i at the Harbor Hospital, but
advised him strongly, to have an occullst
attend to the injured 'optic. -
AMERICAN SHIPS
MAKE THE FINEST
SHOWING IN YEARS
Captains Got Men Together
and Decorated Their
Vessels Splendidly.
The water front saved the city yester
day in the matter of decorations. Never
before has the shipping shown up in such
splendid colors. Strange to say, the
American fleet loomed up In a manner
that should make Uncle Sam proud.
On this occasion the captains "took a
tumble," and there was hardly an Ameri
can ship on the front that was not decked
from stem to stern. Particularly noticea
ble were the. bark Santiago at Howard
street pier No. 3 and the Robert Lewers
at Mission 1. Out In the stream the trans
port Grant had all her bunting thrown tp
the morning breeze, while the training
ship Adams was similarly decked. ' The
Grant with General Chaffee and the men
of- the Sitxh Cavalry sailed during the
morning, while later in the day the Ad
ams .went over to the naval station at
Goat Island. The Naval Reserve steamer
Marlon remained ' at her anchorage all
day, . however, and Berved as an object
lesson in artistic decoration.
At Pacific-street wharf . the German
steamer Serapis and the British steamer
Moana made a splendid showing. During
the evening both vessels gave an -xhibi
tlon of fireworks that was one of the
features of the day. On the Moana a
number of signal rockets were fired. They
made a most Impressive showing.
From Meiggs wharf to the Mall dock
every vessel showed her colors, and from
the stream the w^ter front seemed to be
one mass of fluttering flags throughout
the day. /
PATRICK J. CURTIN. the detective
who is accused of having held Mrs.
Le Blanche while her husband shot
her last Monday night, surrendered
himself to the police yesterday and was
charged with assault to commit murder.
He was later released on $3000 bonds. Cur
tin still strenuously denies having acted
the part attributed to him. He admits he
shadowed the woman to the Webb House
and notified the husband, but claims he
had no complicity in the attempted mur
der.
A statement was made'in a morning
paper that Captain Seymour saw Judge
Conlan and told him that there was no
necessity for him to Issue a bench war
rant for the arrest of Le Blanche. Judge
Conlan last night positively denied the
statement and said the man who wrote
it clearly mlsunderstoo<l\him. Captafn
Seymour was also wroth at the quoted
comments of the Judge and visited his
courtroom with a view to securing an ex
planation from him. : Xot having suc
ceeded in seeing the Judge, Captain Sey
mour will renew his -quest this morning,
as he does not care to have the public be
lieve that he or any other member of the
department is trying to shield Le Blanche
or Curtin. In speaking of Curtln yester
day the captain of detectives said he
took little stock in the woman's story. He
said if the woman had identified Curtin
when she first saw him after being taken
DETECTIVE CURTIN
RELEASED ON BONDS
society. Before that he was a social
favorite. He was a member of the cotil
lon clubs and was foremost in all the
gayeties of his set. Possessed of a sweet
voice and a clever musician, his tal
ents made him in demand at social func
tions.
Mr. Loughborough was born in Balti
more in 1?6S and came of a distinguished
family. General E. D. Keys, the distin
guished officer who was ordered to this
coast after the Civil "War and while here
laid out the Presidio post, and Dr. C. L.
Keys, a celebrated specialist of New York
City, were his uncles. Deceased came to
this coast with his parents when a child
and received his education in this city.
He graduated with honor from St. Igna
tius College and soon after entered his
father's office as clerk and law student.
He was deterred from completing his
studies by reason of other duties. Upon
his father's death he assumed charge of
the estate and other important business.
He was fond of and proficient in athletic
exercises, and during the last years of
his life was a devotee of cycling. . .
A mother, two sisters and a brother
mourn his loss. The funeral will be held
from the family residence, ,1100 O'Farrell
street, to-morrow and the body will be
interred In Calvary Cemetery. -
ALEXANDER Z. LOUGHBOR
OUGH died suddenly at his late
residence, 1100 O'Farrell street, at
7 o'clock yesterday morning. He
was taken sick a few weeks ago and Drs.
Buckley and Mizner were called in to at
tend him. They, found the young man
suffering from appendicitis and after con
sultation decided that an operation was
necessary. The operation was performed
last Sunday and the patient showed signs
of mending, but on Tuesday night he had
a relapse and early yesterday morning
was past all earthly suffering. •
Mr. Loujjhborough's death was a shock
to his family and his friends. He was
only thirty-two years of age and in the
prime of manhood. His erect carriage and
fine physique led every one to believe that
he was In the best of health and his short
Illness with its fatal ending comes as a
surprise to all who knew him.
"Aleck" Loughborough, as he was fam
iliarly called by his friends, was well
known around town. Since the death of
his father, who was one of the foremost
attorneys of this State, he did not go into
TH K I~_TE ALEXANDKR Z. _/OTJG___»OB.OTJG__.
DEATH CLAIMS WELL
KNOWN YOUNG MAN
Crowds Gather at the An
nual Reunion at Schuet
zen Park
The patrJotic celebration, excursion and
picnic of the Ancient Order of Hibernians
in America drew over 7000 people to
Schuetzon Park, San Jiafael, yesterday. It
took six trains of twelve cars each to
convey the crowds of merrymakers to the
pleasure grounds. State Chaplain Rev. D.
O. Crowley, assisted by a committee of
members, "were untiring in their efforts
to insure the pleasure of their guests and
full well did they succeed.
Arrived at the park the excursionist*
set about indulging: In the various amuse
ments on the grounds and the dancing in
the pavilion. After luncheon Father
Crowley led the procession of pleasure
seekers, headed by the band, to an adja
cent hill, where the open-air programme
was carried out. After an overture of
patriotic selections Father Crowley wel
comed the quests on behalf of the order
In a feeling' manner. He said it was
JUting for Erin's sons to gather under
the spreading oaks, as their ancestors had
done, to give way to merriment. He
thar.ked his auditors for the Interest they
showed by their presence In the celebra
tion given under the auspices of the An
cient Order of Hibernians. Father Crow
ley then introduced Charle6 D. South, the
poet of the dav, who read the Independ
ence day ode. It was listened to with deep
Interest. The first and last stanzas of the
poem follow:
Out of the dlmnes» of ares the ehade* of th«
fathers appear.
Out of the x>ast end Its silence their voices to
day ring clear:
"God for the children of Jacob clave them a
path through the sea.
Out of the bondage of Egypt into the sun of tn«
free."
Ours be forever th« U cenfi: ¦Wherever our fla«
Is unfurled,
Loudly the trumpet of Freedom proclaim! her
advance to the world'.
Ours he the faith of the fathers; ours be the
jiath thev have trod'.
God be our rock and our tower; the nation the
grlory of God!
After the reading of the poem, the ora
tion of the day was delivered by John
O'Gara. His utterances were punctuated
with frequent and merited applause.
After touching briefly on the events that
led up to the declaration of independence,
Mr. O'Gara paid a glowing tribute to the
Celtic rauce. the children of which had
contributed In no small degree to liberat
ing, forming and upbuilding the Ameri
can nation. Other races, it is true, he
said, had been important factors, but none
were more devoted In time of war or more
Influential for good In time of peace than
the sons of Erin.
After the oration an adjournment was
taken to the racetrack, where a score of
events were run off for valuable prizes
under the direction of the following com.
tnittee: P. J. Kelleher (chairman). J. J.
Moran, T. P. ODowd, M. H. McCafferty.
Frar.k Conklin, W. O'Shaughnessy and J.
J. Donohoe,
The results of the games follow:
Race for boy» under 12 years — First, William
Barrett; second. William Greeley.
Race for fflrls under 12 years— Flret, Rose
Letty; second, Mary Greeley.
Kac-e for boys from 12 to 16 years— First, John
Murphy: second. M. McCoushlan. :
Rare for girls from 12 to 16 years — First. An
nie Dottier: second. Sarah McKenrie.
Youhr men's race— First. Mike Fadden; 6ec
cn4, J. Fulllvan.
Young ladies' race— First. Nellie Harms ; »ec-
OI M'arr"itd men's race— First, T. Wilson; second.
J. Haynes. ' ¦
Married ladies' race— First, Mrs. Colman;
6P<vmd. Mrs. Blake.
Fat roon'F race— First. T. McGoldrlck; second,
Fet lad i~s'' race— First Mrs. Doherty; second,
Mrs. Robinson. _
Itace lor members A. O. H.— First, J. Bama
by; second. John Murphy. 5
Kace for memliers' wives, A. O. H. — First.
Mrs McGuire: pecond, Mrs. Roe-erson.
Kace for members K. R. B.— First, P. Tam
ony; second. J. n. Kelly. ¦
Bicycle race-First. E. J. Heney; eecond, Ed
ICoonan. „_ .
Football. Columbia vs. Shamrock— Won by
Columbia. Score: S to 2.
Tu»c-<.r-war between the Ancient Order or.
Hibernians and Knights of the Bed Branch-
Won by Um Knijrhts of the Red Branch.
Jiu dani-ir.gr— First, 1'. Tamony; second. Cap
tain A. Fixate. *
Heel dancinc— First. Miss Julia Molloy; sec
ori't. Miss Katie Murray.
One hundred-yard race— First, C McFadden;
6Pcond, J. SuMivan.
Kace. twice around the track— Flret, T. Wil
son; second, L. Arthur.
Itace. four times around the track — First. F\
Wilson; second, C. Uentredt.
Putting sixteen-yound ehot, seven-foot run
with follow— First. Ed Noonan; second, T. P.
ODowd.
Putting forty-two-pound shot, seven-foot run
with follow — First. Ed Noonan: second, T. P.
OTiOVd.
ThrnwinK sixtren-pound hammer, Btand—
First. J. O'Dowd: second. P. Lynch.
Thron-inp fifty-Eix-j>ound weight, with fol
low—Tie. P. Lynch and J. O'Dowd.
The following committees looked after the
comfort of the guests:
Reception-Rev. D. O. Crowley (chairman),
Paniel Sheerin J. J. Donohoe, Frank Conklin,
F. L. Clancy. E. I. Eheehan. J,»P. Henry.
Floor 1 — John P. IMRnan <floorfcnanager), J. D.
O'Brien, W. A. Manley, Frank Boland, T. W.
Hickey, Dr. C. J. McCarthy, M. McHugh. J. F.
Renault. William Collopy, P. J. Kelleher, M.
Ijcnohoe. K. Morrissy, J. K. Bannerman, M.
Dolan M. Duane, M. McHugh. J. J. Mogan.
Mrs. Henry. Miss Hennessy, Miss Hipping of
Baa Jose.
CELEBRATION BY
ANCIENT ORDER
OF HIBERNIANS
old Ocean House was covered ' yesterday
•with pleasure seekers desirous of escap
ing from the noise and the powder smoke
of the city. Every strip of Band in that
ppace ¦was occupied by the picnickers,
who went out singly, in couples and in
families, all of whom were provided with
lunch baskets and boxes. The travel start
ed oceanward as early as 8 a. m. and did
not cease until, after 4 o'clock, when the
human tide turned homeward. A pleas-
Enter day could not have been had for an
outing.
The attendance at Galden Gate Park
was also larro-
No Serious Accident Hap
pened to Mar, Pleasure
of the Holiday.
The. eeashore from Bakers beach to the
THOUSANDS AT
THE SEASHORE
AND THE PARK
HOOT MONS HAVE
A MERRY OUTING
AT SHELL MOUND
Successful Gathering and
Games of the Scottish
Thistle Club.
The skirl of the bagpipes and tartan
plaids were in evidence at Shell Mound
Park yesterday, the occasion beinlj the
eighteenth annual gathering and games
of the Scottish Thistle Club. At least
10,000 people were on the grounds during
the afternoon and most of them remain
ed till the magnificent display of fire
works between & and 9 p. m. .-"•'
The games commenced at 10 a. m. : and
continued without intermission till after
8 at night. There were thirty-seven
events on the programme and : most of
them were keenly contested. This was
particularly so in the events under the
auspices of the Pacific Amateur Associa
tion. Several members of the . Olympic
Club, captained by George James, took
part in tne contests. They captured the
ttrst and third prizes in the half-mile
race, the nrst and second in the broad
Jump and the nrst In the Quarter-mile
An unfortunate accident happened h..
W. Scott, one of the team, in tne broad
Jump .contest. In making his last jump
he wrenched his left leg at the ankle
and it was feared for a tune that, his leg
was broken. He won the second prize.
Several members of the Verein bin
tracht also competed and they carried off
all the prizes for vaulting with the pole.
Competitors were present from Sacra
mento and other points. The track events
Including bicycle race, obstruction race,
sack race, races by girls, boys, married
women and old mtn, aroused the greatest
interest. The Cakewalk was participatea
in by about a dozen couples, colored and
white. 1; ..
Among the largest prize-takers were D. j
R. Campbell, f he big policeman; A. Mc-
Caw, P. F. KIndlay, J. Murphy and
George \V~. Paterson. R. N. Murray,' the
treasurer of the -club, won for the third
year the race for active members and
the gold medal now becomes his property.
The games were under the immediate
supervision of John Koss. royal chief;
George W. Paterson, recorder, and John
Donaldson, official starter, and they per
formed .their duties admirably. They
were assisted -by A. Strong, J. Swan. R.
H. Murray, P. Riddell, P. O. Findlay. J.
Lawrence' and .Thomas Christie. The club
pipers, Kiel Lindsay, A. A. Ross and J.
McDonald, were present and played with
their oldtime vigor. The guests of the
club Were hospitably entertained by the
reception committee, consisting of Alexan
der Strong, George Miller, Thomas Chris
tie. Hugh Fraser, A. McTier, A. Nichol
son, W. Murray, D. Donald, R. H. Mur
ray, A. Ross, \V. A. Dawson. D. Young.
J. Swan. N. Campbell. R. F. "Wilson, Vv .
McArthur,*. P. Riddell, A. E. Carlisle and
R. H. Murray.
Dancing was kept up In the pavilion
from 10 a. m. till late at night under the
supervision of David Donald, floor man
ager, and J. C. Moore, his assistant.
Following are the results of the games:
Quoits— Robert McQueen won. Robert Jar
dine second, M. J. McMenomy third.
Running high leap— J. Murphy. • 5 feet 6
inches; A. McCaw, 6 feet 4 inches; R, Ross,
6 feet. ! -.-y ;r -
Standing high Jump— J. Murphy, 4 feet 10
inches; J. McCaw, 4 feet 8 Inches; Thomas
Hewitt. 4 feet 6 inches.
Putting heavy stone— D. R. Campbell, 33 feet;
John J. Cameron, 28 feet 7 Inches; J. A. Cam
eron, 27 feet 3 Inches.
. Putting light stone-D. R. Campbell, 40 feet
3^4 inches; J. A. Cameron. 35 feet 3 Inches; G.
M. Tevendale. 34 feet 6 Inches.
Throwing heavy hammer — D. R. Campbell,
108 feet 8 inches; J. J. Cameron. 101 feet 10
'Inches; J. A. Cameron, 90 feet.
Throwing light hammer— D, R. Campbell, 132
feet; J. A. Cameron.- 10S feet; G. M. Tevendale.
94 feet 1 inch.
Hop, step and Jump, or hop. hop and Jump—
J. Murphy, 38 feet 6 inches; A. McCaw, 35 feet
11 inches; J. Sexsmlth, 35 feet .5 inches.
Broad jump for amateurs— F. W. Burgess, 19
feet "Mj inches; E. W. Scott. 19 feet &V4 inches;
C. Black. 18 feet 11»4 inches. • . •¦
Tossing the caber— D. -R. Campbell. 38 feet 3
inches; J. J. Cameron. 37 feet 3 inches; J. W.
Cameron, 36 feet 11 inches.
Vaulting with pole, for amateurs— L. Scheff
ler, 9 feet 6 inches; Charles Black, 9 feet 3
Inches: K.. Scheffler, 9 feet. ,
Football dribbling; race — J. S. Orchison won,
J. Smith second. J. McGregor third.
Boys' race (handicap). 15 years and under—
P. McDonouRh won, J. Murphy second, M. Mc-
Donoush third. -. - . : ,; - -u-T'.. 1".
Girls" race (handicap). 13 years and under—
Ovita Leathe won, Dolllt? Ross second, Brlghtle
Alexander, third.
Best dressed boy in Highland costume— J.
Prosper Forrest; Leo Shepherd, second best.
Rest dressed man In full Highland costume —
HuRh Fraser, Neil Lindsay second. Da<id IX"
McRae third. *
Best dressed man in plain Highland costumne
—John McDonald, P. D. Flndlay second, George
Drown third.
Half-mile race for amateurs— P. C. Gebhardt.
Frank Ferhin second, V. \V. Burgess third.'
¦ Old men's race— C. M. Brown, 60 years, won;
William Qullllvan, £0 years, second; M. Tower,
45 years, third. ...
Grand Highland reel (for men)— Robert \\ .
I'aterson won. A. McCaw second. A. Ross third.'
Sword dance Tor men— R. Ross won. A.McCaw
second.
i Reel o' Tulloch, for lad» and lassies, cash
prize to each— Pearl Allen. Vlrplnla Allen, Vir
ginia Schulta. Etta Vivian, J.'P.»Forrest, DolIIe
Ross. B. Trelace. M. Ross. VelnSa Marian, M.
I S. Smith. Georgia Bacon, Shelter Smith, Llllie
McDonald. . .'_ ¦¦'" ' .• '-
HlRhland fling for men in costume— George
W. Paterson won, A. Ross second, A. McCaw
Young ladies* race — Kittle McMahon won.
Hattie Jones second, Nellie McMahon third. ,
Married ladles' race— Mrs. Nellie Byrne won,
Mrs. H. E. . Kelly second, Mrs. Mattie Wil
liams third. . . "^.'J
Reel o' Tulloch for men In costume — P. D.
Findlay : won. A. McCaw second, George ,\V.
Paterson third. \ ¦ . \
' Bicycle race, two miles — George Adams won,
J. Black second, B. Alfred third.
Sailors' hornpipe for men in costume only—
R. P. Findlay won. , . -I* "
350-yard handicap* race for amateurs— P. C.
Gebhardt won, F. Ferem second, George Braun
third. ',
¦ Race for active members only— R. H. Murray
won B K. Campbell second, P. Riddell third.
Irish Jig and reel dancing f for Irish only)—
Miriam Smith and John . Keane won. Miss
Madcrons and F. W. Ellis second. • J. Foley
Race for ship apprentices— Frank Hayes won,
J. McDonough second, R. Arellano third.
Cakewalk contest (for everybody)— J. Stewart
and Anita Walters won. J. Prosper Forest and
Myrtle McKlnley , second, Harry Seggar and
Three-legged race^—W. Gillies and Aleck Mc-
Caw won. J. Dalton and J. Kelly second, F.
Hayes and W. Kelly, third. ¦
Sack race— Louis Hesselbacher won, Dot
Ahem second. R. McAllister third. ¦
Obstruction race— R. McAllister won. A. Mc-
Caw second, F. Hayes third.
. Games committee race— R. H. Murray won,
A. StronK second, R.' Riddell third.
night to hear and see "The Geisha,
which seems to grow In popularity with
the length of its run. Stevens. Hartman,
Greene, Annie Meyers, Helen Merrill, all
seemed at their best and every visitor to
the Tivoli announced a happy ending to
his "glorious Fourth." After "The Gei
sha" will come "Wang" and then grand
1 opera.
• • •
"Carmen," at the Alcazar Theater, filled
the house -yesterday afternoon and even
ing and will continue till the week ends.
¦Next week "Camille." with f Florence Rob
erts in. the title role, will be put on.
i ¦;• • •
The excellent bill at the Orpheurn was
appreciated by a large holiday crowd last
evening and at the special matinee. Clay
ton White and Marie Stuart, the four
Cohans, the fine quartet from the Quaker
City, the Todd-Judge acrobats, Gilbert
and Goldleand the rest were all received
with enthusiasm befitting the day and
their notable attainments. .
• • - •
There were special attractions at the
Chutes and Zoo yesterday, including a
"monster pyrotechnic display" in the
evening, which was enjoyed by a large
crowd.
• • •
The marriage scene from "Romeo and
Juliet," sung by Erma Wing. Isabel e Un
derwood and SIk- Abramoff, la pleasing
the patrons of Fischer's concert house
this week; The rest of the- programme Is
thoroughly entertaining. %
'L'liti *A1\ i ±'KAJN(J1SCO CALL,, THXJKSDAY, JULY 5. 1900.
10
PATRICK J. . CURTIN.
tp the hospital the private detective would
have been imprisoned.' •
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG, and H. R. WARNER. Mgrs.
Swimming -Tanks, Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds, Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. FlM „ h ,%
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will oe
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 20 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates-U0, $12 and $11 per Week. .
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL. ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN' LAKE
' COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: George
*V. "Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Goir
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.-
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIOXEER SODA .WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webat«T stre&ts, Oakland;
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, Sen Francisco.
For further information call at -Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery St., San Francisco. ¦
GRAND BALL to HOTEL GUESTS
Mu3io by Fair's Family Orclmtra.
Round trip tickets. $S 20: on sale July
2, 3. *: Kcod to July 6. .
Further particulars F. W. ELY.
City office. 640 Market. TeL Red 2333.
otto e Nevf.a >bop • p^°5.?^ tS ' (>1 '
Central California
San Joye !s the central city o* California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. Xew Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
road" Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every resDect. -with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, or address •
. GEO. P. PNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
SANTA CATALTNA ISLAND,
S'i Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sport?man's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
821 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
122 South Sprins nt.. Los Angeles. Cal.
D .,«*.-*.«« The Sanitarium o'
ByrOll the Coast. The best
¦j a . physicians recom-
HOt mend it as the onlv
o „ curs for rhsumjtism
NnrSfflfflGi nnd malaria.
Opi K""M><^7 Address A. BETTENS.
Mpr. Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
ritr <">»*<•*. R<v>m 30. K Oarv street.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy » for luntc disease, liver "and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
¦nxrld; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. Rive special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No toga nor poison oak . at the
rark Mineral water, boats and bathinu free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL. office 1021H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. ir
you want your health this Is the place to go.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SAN'TA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. "
Now open'and offering everv charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swimming.
ilshin«c. tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
colt links good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco J3 00 Full Information nt Traveler office.
21 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
Bis oak trees and hammocks: croquet
grounds; mountain trails and pretty resting
places; good mineral water; pleasure.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
J. MARTENS.- Prop.. Bachelor. P. O..
Lake Co. City ofHee, 416 Pine st. Booklet.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS £__-__{£_2
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F., via Tlburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank: 110 50 and up per week;
round-trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Callente. Cal. Long-distance phone.
CARLSBAD. BBgB?^
Most beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week; lighted by gas.
W. R. McGOVERN. Kels^yvllle. Laka Co.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .gSSSf^g
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE _, f\ K. IS
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
. est. no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partle-
¦ ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake, CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTELVro^Hopffi
Unequaled soda . and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL Hopland.
Mendoclno County. CaL
YOSEMITF S H nours from San
".M^P 1 - 1 " 11 * *- Francisco, via the Big
Oak ilat. route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra Jl. R. daily. Round trip from
San Francisco »2. For further information call
or address . WM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
130 Market st. S. F.; telephone Main S182.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountain- Excellent accommodations
f »°." i*™. 111 *". an . d "P ortst nen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates V up. Send for circular C H. W
BRUN-NO. Santa Rosa. C_L
. ? Hnita Cream
IS _ cure for all discolorations of the
skin. It does not contain a single
ingredient that can possibly harm
the most delicate skin. It literally
coaxes a new, velvety, transparent
skin to the surface, thus removing
all blemishes.
Full Information and a sample will
be sent for 2c postage.. Anita Cream
& Toilet Co.. 207 Franklin St., Los
Angeles, Cal.
' '______________________¦— —¦_______________i
I REST • SPORT
! Noted for perfect cllmats t_« w_ol»
year, day and night.
its TENT CITY«s j
E THE IDEAL, CAMP LOT- f
[I Tou are sure to have a roood time
M there. ' Inquire about tt at 4 New
H Montgomery St.. San Krar.claco, or
\i E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. "
M Oorocado Beach, Cal.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta' a summit, clad in snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chllllns summer fo*s and fre«-
from winds and dust and heat. SISSOM TAV-
ERN, 3CC0 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, Is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forest* of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wld»
expanse of meadows, above it the- perfect
beauty of Shasta.
• For the Idler — rest. For tn» hunter — th» great
game of the mountains. For the angler— th«
salmon and the trout in the headwaters of tha
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT 813-
EOVS DOOR. The tavern is new and fresh
and clean, with every modtrn comfort. Th»
railway brings one almost to tne door. Wher »
Nature is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her inspiration are. Rates, R0 to $13
per week. J2 CO per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. I_ SISSON, Pro-
prietor. Sisson. Cal.
PABAISO HOT SPRINGS, Carl *Z£?L.
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled: np-to-da t*
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electrla
baths: swimming tank 30_60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tea nla and
dance hall: !ar«-» hotel and SO cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third an<! Town-
tend streets. San Francisco. 9 a.m.; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dnrt. then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets, IS. at S.
P. office. «13 Market street. Telephone and
pestofflce. For illustrated pamphlets and far-
ther information address E. I_ PERRAULT.
it. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
Famous
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural*
«rla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages reno— a ted.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish.
Ing. No fogrs. Unequaled for health, rest and
Tecreatlon. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. B\. 9 a.
m. and 2:45 r> m. daily. Carriages at Ollror
for springs. For Illustrated pamsnlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
«;l^Ann < s HOT springs, sootma .
OtVHUUO County: onlr 4% hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
lift natural bath In State: ?rand mountain
fcenery: good trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph: daily rriall and express: FTRST-
CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVTCS:
morning and afternoon stage*; roun4 trip from
Pan Francisco only $3 60. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:39 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of tha past
flve years; patronatre constantly Increasing.
, . _i *- J. V. MULGREW, Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILL8 OF THIS SIERRA NE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal.
ifornla: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 136 miles from San Francisco; $3 a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. C_L
VICHY SPRINGS."
Three miles from --lab, Mendoetno Coanty. I
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of .water*
having continuous flow of natural warm watar
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lo-ely
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal sprlnr;
accommodation* and table first class. Opea a
April lStn.
J. A. REDEMei-R ft CO.. Proprietor-,
PLANTATION HODSE-^ 1^.,? 0^
stage lice. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit
cream and milk; free conveyance for p-rtlea of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma Co. or as>
ply MR. KRUSE. 207 Front st.. for partlc-lara.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing and
hunting; In the heart of the mountains. Th*
best table In Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
MAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, &__£:
ONB OF NATXTR-TS WONDERS. '. .
Natural steam baths, swimming, flahlax.
hunting and Uvery. Write for pamphlet. X.
WKRTHEIMER. Manager.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. Fan Francisco. »
Strictly First-clasa Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrate.
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; h»nt-
ing: home cooking: good beds: $3 50 to $10 week;
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Springs. Cal. '
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to ,
epend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl,
ing, tennla. livery, new walks, etc. "Write for
circular to H WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
KLAMATM HOT SPAfffCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing— finest la the' State-
Shovel Creek. 13 miles for casting.. Hunting-
plenty • of game In surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS
Proprietors. BeswlcK. Slslclyou County. Cal.
ELMONTE HOTEL,
magnificent view and first-class . accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train; 55 mile*
from San Francisco. Fare $1 63. .
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first claas.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. , J. MARTINA.
NAPA SODA SPR1NGST
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
A. DOLLMAXN. Napa Soda Springs P. Q.
QUIET home: large pleasant rooms- fine view
from all: chickens, milk, cream, eggs, fruit
berries: 2 miles from St. Helena. U mile f-oni
station: no extra charges for occasional
drives: $3 per week. Address A., box 3T5 St
Helena. ,
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, flv^
miles from Santa Crua; .dellshtful summer <
home In redwoods; running water; abundance 1
wf^R^D^ fflS gru.. "/a?-
GLEN OAK3 RANCH -Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
location. AddTMa _*. QUIEJJ, Glea Elian, CiT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jnH CARTERS
) jffrffn_B___M_B_i ¦ B m Mb B-V i
_____Q9___!__S2___' > j(On_ _f_7_sS * 5____i h Tfc
Jttttitivel? cored by tHese
little Pills.
They also jwucve Distressfroro Dyspep-to,
Indigestion and Too Hearty EaUng. A per*
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl.
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongm
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER, j They
Rrsjulate the Bowdi. Purely Vegetable.
Small PUl. Small Dose.
. Small Pylca*'
KNI~dJr.INB.CO.'
103 Post St., Near K-arny. S. F.
Beautiful New Styles
c£*\ ' ' Ladies'.
V5^f Gent's and Children's
d^_ Bathing
'^fw v ' •••oulLS
m\ I ll\\^ '(Alpaca and Knitted)
((jli^Up At Ppiees to
TC^StMT=-<_; Suit Everybody.
\ f __!»—»;-_ Sweaters, Jerseys, Golf Vests,
I' £e~Jk -•&—-__. Jackets. Legging*. Sport-
~j! 9»^ • lie Goods.' *
¦ " w- Send Tor Illustrated Cata-
. ' . lotues.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLE&E,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools Felected to represpnt the development
of comrrerclal education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 praduotrs puccessfully apply-
inK their knowloiisre: IW Rrartnates annually
placed In positions: 23 teache* .. open the entire
year: new 80-pat;? catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUiVG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Ktc. . ¦
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
, REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Head's, fchool, Berkeley.
Boarding and Day School for Girls— 253S Chan-
j nlng way. Berkeley. Cal.* Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium; accredited to Univer-
sity of California. Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6, 1900* ,
ST. MATTHEWS' MI S,
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and lllus-
tr-ted circular address
REV. W. A. RREWER. A. B.. Rector.
IRVING INSTITUTE.'
Boarding and day school for young ladles. 212S
California st., will reopen August 6. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WAP.D B. -CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and >
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California, Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar and Smith Colleger. ¦
SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY. *
302 Montgomery st.,' San I'ranclsco, Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. '
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. has
been .removed to Irvlngton. , Site , of .fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. ¦ Inspection of buildings and grounds in-
vited. .W. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
¦-• Ect. :1877.»\Men and . women taught In one
month the science of navigating a vessel around
the' world. Privately if desired. Marine engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VON'
SCHOEN. M. E.. etc.. principal, 42 Market st.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
Brees: seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered in music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.,: Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aug. 8. 1900.
S.F: BUSINESS COLLEGE;
IQOO MARKET ST.— Actual business boo it -
14OO keeping: only - expert accountants
and reporters as . teachers. - Gregsr shorthand.
the easiest.- fastest and ¦ most readable.' - Day
and evening. - - ' ' ' : ; ; ' '
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
6an Francisco. California.
STUDIES ! WILL BE , RESUMED MONDAY.
August 6. 1900. j Dolores st.. near Sixteenth."
POLYTECHNIC .^ffiB_!S?V-
Great' Business' Training and Shorthand School.
Has the largest and best equipped depta. In tha
West. 300 young men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. CaL'CROWDS AT CHUTES.
Fully 1O.OCO People Pack Grounds
and Witness Fireworks Display.
All ycsterfiaV from 10 o'clock in the
rr.ornir.g till long after midnight a crowd
thronged the Chutes. Three extra gates
¦were thrown open and 7000 people passed
inFide during the day. while at r.'.g.'n the
whole city seeir.ed to be inside th» Chutes
walls. Manager Levy stated that 10,000
would bo a conservative estimate of the
number. In the theater the vaudeville
performance was rushed through without
any intermission. The whole house was
sold out before 8 o'clock. Before 7 the
gaJlrry was filled to overflowing. The
fccr.ic railway ar.d chutes were patronized
by over tf>« pleasure seekers. In spite of
all. however, the day passed off witnout a
single accident being recorded, which re
•ult is largely atirioutable to the extra
•fierce of regular and »-pecial otlicers on
I the grounds.
The fireworks on the lake became the
center o* attraction after the indoor show,
ar.d the 1<u>a) people who t-tood patiently
until the !a*-t rocket had whizzed up into
th<» fog were rewarded by the sight of
some novel set piece*, bosides red tire and
etar scattering bombs galore. The effect
of the latter, though, was spoiled by the
mist, which blew in off the ocean and ef
fectually hid the color bursts of the
rockets.
The eft pieces, however, showed to
Fnlendid advantage. On a platform at
the lower md of the lake a stand was
erected, and from a "property" marble
fountain it supported there spouted as a
rir.aio to the- oihrijay. a dozt-n jets or
glowing flame which changed from color
to color and varied their terms till the
great crcwd Fhouted with delight. Be
lore the "bonn*— bouche" there were sev
eral good fire pictures, the best being one
ot tn<- Oregon. 1j> no means stranded,
but claphins through a bombarding fleet,
firing right and left, tiil a waterfall of
red. white and blue fire shut the scene
out.
The only bitter drop in the day's pleas
ure cup wa« the car service. Many re
turning merrymakers had to, walk to
Hayes and McAllister streets, several
blocks away across sand lots to avoid
Fitting down town too late to transfer to
their homes.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
WARNS THE WORLD
i Gives Utterance to Some Very Strong
Words at the Launching of a
New Battleship.
BERLIN'. July 4.— At a banquet at Wil
helmshaven of the Officers' Club yester
day, subsequent to the launching of the
warship Wltteisbach, Kmperor William,
In response to a toast proposed by Prince
Rupprccht of Bavaria to "the head of the
German navy," made some emphatic dec
larations upon the subject of Germany as
a pea power, asserting that the navy was
indisppn.oable to Germany's greatness and
that it had been demonstrated that no
great decision could ever again be reached
in respect to the sea without consulting
with Germany and the German Emperor.
"The German people." said he. "did not
conquer and shed blood thirty years ago
in order to be thrust aside when great
foreign problems are be'.ng settled. If thnt
happens then the position of the German
Empire as a world power would be at an
f-nd. I am not inclined to allow matters to
reach such a pass. It is the Emperor's
duty and highest privilege to employ suit
| able and even the sharpest methods to
prevent it."
The German Emperor expressed it as his
conviction that in this matter the Princes
of Germany and the entire people were
closely massed behind him.
FIELDS ABIiAZE.
Many Acres of Pasture Land Near
» Fairfax Burned Over.
Special Dlrriatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 4.-Flre started on
the property of the Marin County Water
Works, near Fairfax, to-night and before
it was extinguished had burned over sev
eral hundred acres of pasture and wood
in the house. Mrs. Jory at once harness-
Mrs. Jory and her two babies were alone
in the house. Mrs. Jorg at once harness
ed a horse and escaped with her. babies.
She also gave the alarm and within a
short time the fire was under control. The
damage to the water company and Jory
and Liberty ranches will be at leaet J20W.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
To Succeed Admiral Philip.
WASHINGTON. July 4.— Rear Admiral
Barker, now commandant of the Norfolk
Xavy-yard, has been selected to succeed
Rear Admiral Philip, deceased, as com
mandant of the New York navy-yard.
Well Known Railroad Man Dies.
CHICAGO. July 4.-Charles A. Higgins,
assistant general passenger agent of the
Santa Fe, died at his home here to-dav
aged 47.
Legation Still Besieged.
BERLIN. July ... 4.— A telegram from
Shanghai says the British legation at
Poking was still besieged July 1. But the
date, July 1, is questioned.
Golden Gate Council, Y. M. I.
Golden Gate Council. Y. M. I., enjoyed
the Fourth at Sunset Park in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, where they went in good
ly numbers, accompanied by a jolly crowd
pf younK people, for an outing under the
shade of the redwoods. For their enter
tainment there were music, games, races
and dancing.
Mutilated Costly Windows.
Louis Bracho. a Mexican. 26 years old.
Tt-ho Bftn he Is here as a student, was ar
r"?t<v] i.iFt night by Policeman Beach for
mutilating the windows of the stores in
the Phelan block. Bracho wore a diamond
rlns and seemed to greatly enjoy scratch
ing the valuable plate gln.«s. it is esti
mator! that he raufiAd Sio-jo worth of dam
apn. !!<¦ was charged at the City Prison
v.ith malicious mischief.
contrast to the rasced work done by St. Louis.
Attendance. 6CCO. Score:
CinbS— "':•"¦?. R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 7-7
Brooklyn > » 0
Batteries— Jones and Criffer; KItson, Kennedy
and Farrtll.
Inability to hit Toons at opportune times
beat Brooklyn in the afternoon game. In the
second Inning: Brooklyn made a three-base hit
end got one base on balls, but failed to tally.
Attendance. S700. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louts 9 13 1
Brooklyn 0 J 4
Batteries— Young and Crtger; McGinnity and
McGulre.
CINCINNATI. July 4.— llahn and Mercer
pitched well until the eighth Inning In th«
morning game, when Mercer let down and Cin
cinnati clinched the victory- Crawford's error
was responsible for the visitors' run. Score:
Clubs— - R. H. B.
Cincinnati 3 » , I
New Yorle 1 « 2
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz: Mercer and Bow
erman.
A disgraceful feature of the afternoon game
was the action of Jack Doyle, who, after being
declared out at third, assaulted the umpire.
Emslle was knocked down and pulled Doylo
with him. The two rolled over the field for a
while- until separated by other players. Doyla
was arrested and taken to the police station.
Emslie waa arrested after the game and both
charge 1 with disorderly conduct. Th* irame
was won by the virltors because they hit Scott
timely, while Hawley kept the hits scattered In
all tut the first inning. Attendance. 4S00. Score:
cSteu *• H » **
Cincinnati ..........••••*•••••••••••• • * ;
New York • 14 »
Batteries— Scott, Phillips and Peita; Hawley
and Bowerman.
American League Games.
1>ETItOIT. July 4.— Morning game: Detroit 4.
Euffalo 1. Afternoon game; Detroit 1», Bnt
*KANS\S CITY. July 4.— Mornlnff game: Kan
sas City 1 Milwaukee t. Afternoon game:
Kan3aa City J. Milwaukee 10.
CLEVELAND. July 4.— Morning irame: Clere
land 5. Indtanapolis 2. Afternoon fame: Cleve
land 15. Indianapolis 13. •
MINNEAPOLIS, July 4.-Mlnneapolt9 5. CM
caro «.
Stanford Wins Again.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 4.— Stanford
took the third game from the Spokane
Athletic Club, winning by 6 to 4.
Kellv pitched for Stanford and Hawley
for Spokane. The attendance was 4000.
the largest crowd ever viewing a game la
this city. ¦ °
Opal mining is one of the largest Aus
tralian mineral Industries.
SIDNEY LUCAS
DEMONSTRATES
HIS GAMENESS
After Winning One Purse He
Starts in a Stake and Makes'-
Remarkable Showing." ;^
CHICAGO, July 4.— To-day's programme
at Washington Park had "one of the most
unique features In the history of Western
racing. It was the attempt of a colt to
win two races m.one day, and in the lat
ter event to concede weight to and beat
the best two youngsters in the West next
to himself. Richard Thompson, the own
er of Sidney 'Lucas,' the American Derby
winner, started the colt In the second
race, at one mile, and after he had won
his race sent him to the post In the Sheri
dan stakes, just an hour later. Here Sid
ney carried 129 pounds, to 125 for Sam
Phillips and 125 for Advance Guard.
It seemed preposterous to believe the
colt could go the mile and a quarter route
under such circumstances, and the book
makers made him the outsider in the bet
tine at 2 to 1, 'Advance Guard being the
'favorite at 3 to 4, with Sam Phillips, at
The race was a "loaf for over a half
mile. Sidney Lucas being allowed to set
the pace. <0n the backstretch Vlttitoe on
Advance Guard became alarmed about the
loader and sent the Canadian colt up. Sid
ney Lucas and Advance Guard raced to
cpther at tou speed around the far turn
and to the entry to the stretch. Burns
did not begin his ride until he was almost
ready to make the run for home. The re
sult was a thrilling finish, the trio pasfingr
the Judges under a terrific drive only nait
lengths apart, with Sam Phillips leading.
Advance Guard second and Sidney Lucas
third. Horsemen all agree that the three
colts finished exactly the reverse of their
merit, although they were fairly well
matched and outclass all the other three
year-olds In the West.
" Twentv thousand persons eaw the races.
The weather was hot and the track was
only fairly good. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Hernando won.
Sculptress second. School Master third. Time.
' One mile— Sidney Lucas won, Norford second,
Midwood third. Time, 1:42%. ; :_
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Lake Mills
won, Von Hoorebeke -second. Brownie Anderson
third. Time. l:4£%.
The Sheridan stake, for three-year-olds, mile
and a quarter— Sam Phillips won. Advance
Guard second, . Sidney Lucas third. Time.
2 '11% - ' ¦ "
Mile and an eighth, handicap— The Lady won.
Boney Boy second, The Elector third. Time,
l:55 ! ,i. • ' • ' " ¦ •¦
Mile and seventy yards— Espionage won, Ma
rola second. Prince Elaaes third. . Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs — Onomastus won, Rolllts second,
Mlnyon third. Time. 1:14%.
NEW, YORK, July 4.— A holiday crowd
of record breaking proportions went. down
to Sheepshead Bay to-day.' It was the
last day of the Coney IslanaW^ckey Club's
spring meeting. The Lawrence Realiza
tion, at. one mile and five furlongs, was
the i star feature. Prince of ¦•-, Melbourne
won the race after a stirring struggle. Re
sult?:
-Five furlongs, selling— Bounteous won. Colo
rel Padden second. Maxlmus third. Time," 1:03.
: Six furlomts — Cobure - won, Montanlc ¦ second,
Andrisa third. Time, 1:14 2-6.
? • Doubl* rvent. Futurity course/ about six fur
longs— Elkhorn won. Tommy Atkins second.
Beaugwant third. .Time. 1:12.
Lawrence Realization, mile nnd fWe-elshths—
Prince of Melbourne won, Ildrim second. Kilo
gram third. ATime, 2:49 4-8. ¦ .
The Independence steeple«h*se. about two and
a half miles— Dr. Catlett jhon. Trillion second,
Mars Chan third. Time. 1:21 3-5. * •
s One Z mile and a - »ixteenth. • on . turf — First
.Whip won. Lady Maseey second. Precursor
third. Time. 1:47 1-3. i
CINCINNATI,July,4.— The largest crcwd
in the history "cf" the i Queen City Jpckey
Club witnessed the ' races i at ¦ Newport ; to
day. There will be no more racing In this
vicinity until next fall. tand most of the
stables will go to Chicago and St. Louis.
Results: *
: One* mile— Miss Hudson won. Guerdon second,
Anglesea third.. Time. 1:43^.
Six and a half furlongs. selling-Pirate Bell
won. Flora Daniels second. Lord Frailer third.
Time, 1:21'».
Two miles, selling— Outburst won. Prince \N 11
helra second. Orris third. Time. 3:30.
Gentlemen's cup. one mile— Peter Duryea, (Mr.
Arnold) won, Covlngton (Mr. MmMox) second.
Rockum (Mr. Matlaek) third. Time, 1:4SU.
Mil" handicap— Kunja won. Nettie Regent
second, Carl C third. Time, 1:40.
Five furlongs— Mnnarka wen. Fairy Day sec
ond. May Cherry ihird. Time. 1:MV»-
Six furlongs. s;-!lins— Violet Parsons won.
Juanetta. second. Iria third. , Time, 1:17.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— The Independence
Handicap drew an immense assemblage
of race-goers to the Fair Grounds to-day.
The best horse In this event. Sir Rolla,
ran second beaten by Laureate, the sen
sation of tne early Southern season. The
track was fast. Results:
Mlle and a sixteenth, selling — Ladas won.
Leo Planter second, Muskalonge thlrdl Time.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Havlland won.
Gilbert second. Judge Stoneman third. Time,
2:C»H-
Fix and a half furlongs, selling— Morris Vol
mer won. Necklace second. Dlggs third. Time,
1:22>,4.
Two and an eighth miles— Duke of Melbourne
won. Malay second. Jimp third. Time. 3:47Vi-
Independence handicap, mile and three-six
teenths—Laureate won. Sir Rolla secon*, Tlck
ful third. Time. 2:C2V4. :^^ '%,„"!
Six furlongs, handicap— Pinochle -wen. Mid
light second. Aunt Mary third. Time. l:14»i.
Mile— Annie Oldfleld won. Maude Wallace
second. Applejack third. Time, 1:424.
BUFFALO, N. T., July 4.— Weather clear at
Fort Erie; track slow. Results:
Six furlonss— George Labar won. Gavotte sec
ond, Annie Lauretta, third. Time. 1:16H.
Four and a halt furlongs— Leila Barr won,
Frank Morrison second. Formal is third. Time,
:56\i.
One mile, Fourth of July handicap— Lamp
Glob« won, T&la second. Beguile third. Time.
l:U',i.
Mile and an eighth. Niagara selling stakes,
$1000— Free Lance won. Chopin second, Tipgal
lant third. Time. 1:36*;. .
Five furlongs— Amoroso won, W ill lam Oerat
second; San Luis third. Time. 1:C2%.-
Seven and a half furlongs— Prince of India
won, Zanone second, Easter Lily third. Time,
Six furlongs— Sprlngwells won. Glad Hand
second, Come Quick third. Time, 1:15%-
QUAKERS TWICE BEATEN.
Chicago and Fittsburg Win Double-
Games.
COnitECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— "W. L. Tct. Clubs— W. U. Pet.
Brooklyn ....S7 21 .63S Cincinnati ..» 3t .4S3
Philadelphla.33 27 .550 Boston J8 31 .456
Plttsburg ...34 28 .54S St. Louis. ....J5 32 .433
Chicago .....31 23 .617 New York ..20 37 .351
CHICAGO, July 4.— The visitors went to pleco
in the sixth lnnSnjt In the morning game and
allowed Chicago to score six runs, which waj
virtually the same. Attendance, <500. Score:
Clubs— R- H; E.
Chlcas* i.-.10 TT 4
Philadelphia * » ' 0
Batteries— Cunningham and Dexter; Fraser,
McFarland and Douzlass.
Philadelphia looked like a. sure winner when
Chicago went to the bat in the ninth inning In
tiie afternoon, but two singles, a double and an
error tied the score. In the twelfth, with m«»n
on first and second. Orth made a wild throw- to
nrst, which allowed the winning runs to score.'
Attendance, 10,000. Score: v
Clubs— R- H. K.
Chicago 5 7 3
Philadelphia .; 4 12 6
BatteTlea — Callahan and Donohue; Orth and
McFarland. .
PITTSBURG. July 4.— Pittsburs won tne
morning game, hitting Willis hard for live
innings. Cuppy relieved him and prevented the
locals from scoring during the remainder of the
game. Attendance,- lJ.CCO. Score:
Club*-:- R. H. ,E.
Pittsburg 8 1.) 2
Boston v - 6 9 4
Batteries— Philippi and^Zimmer; Cuppy, ¦Wil
lis and Clarke.
By winning the ; afternoon game Pittsbun?
made It four straight- from Boston. Nichols'
bad lnnincr wan the third, when a three-bapjcfr
and two singles won the game. - After that hon
ors were even. Attendance. 10,500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 3 *» 1
Boston 1 .8 -1
ST., LOUIS. July 4.— In the. lEcralnj: game
perfect fielding by Brooklyn was in marked
DOES WOT UNDERSTAND
WAYS OF LANDSMEN
I culiar feature about thorn was that nearly
irtll came Jn the daytime. Heretofore the
•sight has l>e en most prolific.
During the evening: there were two
alarms turned in from the Mission. One
was for a final! b'aze -en a roof at 6te
venson and Twentieth streets. The dam
#ffe wa? nominal. The premises were oc
cupied by J. H. Tully.
The second was for a fire In a cellar at
| 138 Capp street. The house Is occupied
by John Helse. The cause of the fire was
firecrackers, which had been dropped into
the place by gome boye who were on the
side walk.
A burring roof at 210 Twelfth street. In
which Mrs. H. McCrohr-r resides, broupht
the department out at 4 o'clock. A stream
from tne chemical enelne did the neces
sary work on this building.
Chief Officer Adams of the Windsor
Park Meets Disaster at
Sntro's Baths.
Chief O?ncr-r Adams of the British ship
Windsor Park, which is now at Port
Costa loading for England, undertook to
uo a few land stunts yesterday for the
edification cf the Fourth of July crowd.
H-» left the ship in the morning and came
to this city to meet pome friends and
take a bicycle ride throuph Golden Gate
Park.
Adams "got or," fairly well with the
vire stef-d. bat fet-Mng that perhaps \-q
c-uld shine to better advantage in the
«-!• merit more to his calling, propewd a
dip la t!;>? Sutro baths. His proposition
being accepted, the party dim- attired,
rallied forth to the diving platform. Ad
inr*. feetiAg that he know more about the
»a!«r th;;r. ho did about bicycles, led the
way. On rca.-hing the stairway at the
"four foot" fign. and before bis friends
couid shout a warning, he took a
"hr-ader."
Alter thp usual delay "below" attemJ
. fit urv>n such a performance, the gentle
taan r»ajip<ared on th*» surface shorn of
wr pati a of i : kin ovor his right ey?. one
lunch from the whiskers department, one
Fuperfioial incision of left shoulder and a
!• \v minor bruise of !?FFcr degree. With
the ast-ictance of his friends. Adams was
F"t ai>oar<2 the bicycle, and barring a
fi:pht list to port, managed to return to
thf- f«:rry. whfnce ho took passage to Port
Co#ta_ On bfir.sr interrogated, he said:
"Why. bly m<-. yer know, it wasn't the
bloomink bike, don't cher know; but wh«*n
Hi struck ihe b&athx and was alooklnk
a'. u\l the lovely laidics a-swimmink
ebr-out. HI said, hah Jove. Hi'd 'avo a
ciick at hit 8s <kU; and seein' hall the
signs wlch said 'nine feet.' why in HI
goes, but vithout fvntir. 1 ;:rf ways down.
ain't chrr know! 'Oarerer harfter this
Ki think? Mi'll Ftkk to me ship, for a
FsaSior 'asn't tnurh U:-e on land anywai,
don't chcr know '.'
BACK in the files of the oM days of
the first actors is a much-quoted
proverb, "Never 'monkey' with the
property man." Henry Miller, now
at the Columbia Theater, although a stu
dent of dramatic history, did not until
Tuesday evening appreciate the subtle
wisdom of this trite aphorism. Never
again will he Ignore It. ; It took a prop
erty man to teach him a lesson in "back
of-the-lights" ethics, and henceforth the
leading man and organizer of companies
will not play with the gunpowder spirit
of a property man, especially .on the eve
of the Fourth.
Before the show Tuesday evening Miller
and Charles Blesser. property king of the
Columbia, disagreed in regard to a stage
setting. Miller said something. Then
Blesser said something. Miller came
again with words that had no sweetness
in their sound, and Blesser. not to be out
done, gave the retort acrid and a shade
or two profane. Of course the actor was
put to the test and Blesser-was, cursed.
In the heat of his temper Miller essayed
to dlscharge'the property man, assuming
an authority that was part and parcelof
the rights belonging to the managers of
the Columbia Theater, whose employe
Blesser was and still is.
After this Miller looked about for the
assistant property man, but the latter re
fused to accept his superior's job. Right
down the line of stage hands •went the
»ctor, but no one would substitute himself
.for Blesser, even for a moment.
Miller was in a quandary and the Gott
lobs were called in to relieve the situa
tion. By soft, pleading speech Miller was
brought around to due acknowledgment
of the error of his ways, and he person
ally sought Blesser with a humble apol
ogy on his lips. Blesser held th<? key to
the situation and for a moment the star
was forced to act up to the property man.
The scene was of the pathetic kind that
usually comes as the firth act of a melo
drama, when all are happy and satisfied.
But B!esser Is net the only property
man in town. On the Tivoll stage there
Is another, whose name Is Tony Kenna.
Tuesday evening the latter stumbled upon
Blesser, who told him his story.
"Pshaw!" said Kenna; "he's easy. Just
wait and we'll tlx this gay trifler who
shows no respect for our lofty calling."
The plot was hatched then and there.
While Miller was- working himself lnt«j
several varieties of ecstasies and passions
that night a counter plot of the real "gun
powder" order was brewing on the outside
of the theater.
In the fourth act of the "Tree of Knowl
edge." the most intensely interesting of
the play, when the audience is pop-ey.xl
and scratching its toes in anticipatory ex
citement, the bomb burst. Miller com
plains to &Ii?3 Anglin that his sleep is
not In a healthy condition. He has worn
himself out and that "balm to hurt
minds" refuses to visit hla unpent lids.
Miss Anglin suggests "dope." Miller like-*
the idea, for he is supposed to have us<?d
it many a time and oft during the preced
ing acts. He swallows some stage mor
phine and away he goes Into the land of
"death's beautiful brother." Miss Anglin
moves to the piano. Her dlrgeful minors
are supposed to be a signal for Mr.
Worthing," her lover, to appear and carry
her away from the "doped." The scene
Is one of tens?, nervous waiting with a
strain that wouM snap whip cords.
Suddenly there was an explosion back
of the stage. Another followed in quick
succession. The morphine-dosed Mille* 1 ,
whose cue it was to say nothing or lo
nothing but sleep while the plot devel
oped, went up In the «ir like a balloon.
At the second shot he rolled to the floor.
All the ingenuity and collected nerv»,
born of experience, hardly saved th*
scene. When the curtain dropped on ths
act there was more indulgence In impre
cations.
Those two shots came from the Tlvoll
property man's shotgun placed in a chink
of the Columbia Theater wall. He knew
when the scene took place and he played
the avenger.
SCENES FEOM TALE OF A CLASH BETWEEN A STAR AND A PEOPESTY MAN.
JUDGE HART, WHO BAYS THAT HE WILL TRY THE OAKLAND
"WATER CASE DESPITE COMMENTS OF CRITICS.
Erecia! Wspatch to The Cell.
SACRAMENTO. July 4.— Superior
Judp«? E. C Hart of this county will
preside In the Oakland watrr suit
trial. He announced his determina
tion this evening to the correspon
dent of Th* Call.
"I have consulted with various promi
nent lawyers In this section as to what I
Fhould do." raid JuSge Hart, "and they
have- advised me to try the suit, declar
ing- that it would be a reflection upon the
bench if I drew out under the circura
i-ir.nfcs. I have read over the decision
of the Supreme Court carefully and I be
12»v*> frcin the reading of that decision
that th«> Supreme Court considers It my
Cuiy to proceed with the trial of the case.
I "You can Fay for me to the people ot
Oakland through The Call," continued
I Judge Hart, "that I intend to prove to
I their satisfaction my ability and desire to
i try this case fairly and impartially. You
[ can further say that I propose to ellm
i inate from the consideration of this case
all thought of any Incidents leading to the
presentation to the Supreme Court of the
question ot ray right to preside In the
case. I will not allow these things to
I influence me in the slightest and so far
as I am concerned they are buried."
Judse Hart was asked when the case
would come to trial.
"There will be some preliminary mo
tions." Enid Judge Hart, "but I shall not
, try the case before September next. }n
; the first place I have considerable work
i to do in my own court here in Sacra
j m*>nto, and besides I Intend tp take my
I usual vacation this summer."
M'KINLEY THE CENTRAL
FIGURE AT CANTON
CANTON. Ohio, July 4.— Canton's Fourth
of July celebration was purely non-parti
san. It was the occasion of the dedication
of a tablet to the country's representa
tives in the Spanish-American war and
mounting thereon of a. Spanish cannon
captured at Santiago. But In all the dem
onstrations President McKlnley was the
central figure, made so by thousands of
people who came here from all parts of
the country to see him. As he approached
the reviewing stand for the afternoon pa
rade a voice from the crowd said: "Let
us give three cheers for President Mc-
Klnley." They were given with a vim.
The ovation was Indfscrilmble and the
President was kept busy shaking hands
until the parade arrived and pushed back
the crowds. Union veterans, State troops
and lodges and unions from all parts of
the State participated in the monster
parade. ;
JOINT CELEBRATION
HELD AT PASO ROBLES
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 4.— San Luis
Oblspo and Paso Itobles held a joint cele
bration to-day and some 200 attended from
this place and many witnessed the cele
bration at Arroyo Grande and saw the
forty-acre sweet pea farm. The Paso
Robles firemen defeated the San Luis
Obisno firemen in the exhibition drill, and
the Sycamore Springs baseball club was
defeated by the local club at Paso Roblea.
An opinion was strongly expressed that
the defeats were caused by Inequality of
temperature, the thermometer here aver
aging 80 and at Paso Robles it was about
105 degrees. Fireworks were brilliantly
displayed.
ROCK-DRILLING A FEATURE
OF AUBURN'S CELEBRATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, July 4.— The natal day was
duly celebrated here with' the usual exer
cises. Professor W. M. Mackay acted as
president of the day. James Diven Mere
dith as reader and Professor Chris Runc
kel as orator.
An interesting feature of thp sporting
programme was a miners' drilling contest
in which teams from El Dorado. Tuolumne
and Placer counties participated. Hurley
end Burbank of Stem. Tuolnmne County,
won, drilling a hole 31V4 inches deep in
fifteen minutes and defeating the next
best t^am, Hacnny and Hansen of Placer,
by five inches. Two open-air dances con
cluded the festlvites.
LITERARY EXERCISES AND
CONCERT AT NEWMAN
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEWMAN. July 4.— The Fourth of July
celebration here to-day was a success in
every way. The day was very pleasant.
The morning was given over to a concert
by the Lodl Brass Band and literary exer
cises. In the opera-house a splendid ora
tion was delivered by Rev. J. W. Brier of
Lodl and Miss Marie Partridge of San
Francisco sang "The Star Spangled Ban
ner." Miss Irene Smith acted as Goddess
of Liberty and the Misses Jennie Stanley
and Lottie Kaufman as maids of honor. A
grand ball In the opera-house fittingly
closed the, day's exercises.
-CONCERTS AND PARADE
IN LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— The Fourth
was fittingly celebrated here to-day. In
the morning, starting at 10 o'clock, : a
grand parade passed through the business
part of the city and thence to Hazard's
Pavilion. The parade was reviewed at the
City Hall by Governor Gage, Mayor Eaton
and other notables. At the pavilion pa
triotic services were heard. Oscar Lawler
was the orator. In the afternoon there
were band concerts in the parks and to
night a grand display of fireworks at
Westlake Park.
DAY CELEBRATED AT
CORONADO AND LAJOLLA
SAN DIEGO, July 4.— San Diego's cele
bration of the Fourth was at Coronado
and LaJolla, At the former place 10.000
people were present. - C. R. Stewart was
the orator. There was a programme of
aquatic sports, Including a race between
crews of the U. S. S. Ranger and the
Nava? -Reserve steamer Pinta. The latter
came in thirteen seconds ahead, but the
Ranger. entered a protest, which has not
yet been decided. Company B of the Sev
enth Regiment went to La Jolla, where
exercises were held. Assemblyman Lewis
R. Works being the orator.
GOOD ENTERTAINMENT
PROVIDED IN FRESNO
FRESNO, July 4.— The celebration of
Independence day In Fresno to-day was
one -of the . best this city has ever seen.
In the forenoon there was a fine indus
trial, civic and military parade and in the
afternoon literary exercises in the : park.
The oration was delivered' by Miles Wal
lace. Continuous entertainment was pro
vided in the park all .'afternoon for = the
great-throng that filled -the city. In the
evening ': the : town ¦ was ; abandoned 1 " to
whimsical fun, nearly every one being
masked, and the carnival ' was a great
success. The Courthouse electrical dis
play was a beautiful feature.
¦ ' ¦' ? — ¦
VISALIA ENTERTAINS
f V VETERAN FIREMEN
VISALIA," July 4.— Immense crowds vis
ited ; this .city A to-day. V The programme
lasted. from dawn-to ; midnight. It is esti
mated': that 4000 1 visitors were ;here. . One
hundred ; and : sixty -veteran ' firemen came
from- San . Francisco.* Daniel ¦ McFadyen
was president of the day. The parade was
nine blocks • long.
PARADE AND PATRIOTIC
EXERCISES AT MONTEREY
MONTEREY, July 4.— The Fourth was
celebrated here with considerable elabora
tion, Pacific Grove joining and large num
bers of people coming from the country
districts and from Salinas, 'Castrovllle,
Moss Landing and other neighboring
towns.
To-day's exercises began with firing the
national .salute of twenty-one guns from
eld Fort Halleck, and at 10 a. in. the pa
rade started. The organizations in line
were the Monterey Fire Department and
band, Foresters of America in full re
galia with allegorical float, school chil
dren Of Monterey and Pacific Grove, and
other civic and fraternal organizations,
a number of handsome floats and several
decorated carriages, followed by a large
bicycle contingent.
A very attractive feature of the pa
geant was the splendid float that carried
the Goddess of Liberty, Miss May Belard,
and her eight maids of honor. This float
was preceded and followed by a company
of the Monterey naval reserve, acting as
a guard of honor.
The line of march ended at the United
States Government reservation, where
the patriotic and literary exercises were
held. These consisted of the reading of
the Declaration of Independence by Ross
C. Sargent, an oration by Hon. J. H. An
derson of Salinas, a short speech by W.
F. James of San Jose, and patriotic
songs and choruses. The afternoon was
devoted to athletic exercises and a pa
rade of "horribles." The day ended with
a grdnd ball. %-
CAI-IPORNIA
CELEBRATES
THE FOURTH
Contined From Page Nine.
PROCESSION A Mll:E
LONG IN VENTURA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, July 4.— Independence day
was celebrated in an enthusiastic, pa
triotic and loyal manner by over 5000 peo
ple. The day's festivities commenced at
sunrise by the firing of the Presidential
salute of twenty-one rounds by the. Sons
of Veterans with their cannon. At 10:30
there was a parade over a mile long,
headed by "Old Glory" -with a guard of
continentals. Dr. C. L. Bard was grant
marshal and he was mounted on a beauti
ful animal with a silver mounted saddle
and bridle. Among his chief aids were
Dixie Thompson, the lima bean king of
the world and his celebrated horse and
J2W0 silver mounted saddle and bridle.
The music w»s furnished by the Pomona.
City band and the Ventura City band.
There were Innumerable beautiful floats
and the special features were too numer
ous to mention. The floral decorated car
riages were in evidence, as were the
strings of thoroughbred horses. The
features ranged from the emigrant wagon
and six-horse coach to the most modern
floats and an oil well gusher. : The streets,
business houses and residences were lav
ishly decorated with bunting, flags and
palms.
Patriotic exercises were held at" the city
plaza at noon. W. A. Knighten of Los
Angeles was orator of the day. ¦ There
was free dancing in Armory Hall all
afternoon.
At the race track this afternoon the
Maler & Zobeleln baseball nine of Los
Angeles defeated the home team in a
ragged game of ball in the presence of
S000 people. Score, 10 to 8. Athletic sports
followed. A high wire performance was
given nt 4 p. m. and at 7 p. m. the Call
thumpians and" Horribles paraded. There
was a grand display of fireworks at. S
o'clock. A ball closed the day's festivities.
STREET PARADE AND \
GAMES AT ST. HELENA
Special Pfepatch to The Call.
ST. HELENA, July 4.-The Independ
ence day celebration held- here to-day was
one of the largest and best attended in
this city for many -years. The arrange
ments committee of the Native Sons of
the Golden West had all plans perfected
and well carried out. At 10 o'clock a pa
rade cf decorated bicycles, floats, private
carriages, fraternal societies, fife compa
nies and novelties, headed by the St.
Helena band, proceeded through the prin
cipal streets. Following this exercises
wore held in the pavilion in Hunt's Park.
E. L. Cave acted as president of the day.
The address, which was delivered by Hon.
C. E. McLaughlin, was a most excellent
effort.
In the afternoon the field events were
held and were won as follows: 100- yard
dash, Frank Wallace; shot-put, Harry Wil
liams; high jump. Frank Wallace; pole
vault, Paul Krucer (by default). Dancing
attracted a large crowd In the pavilion
both afternoon and evening. MIfes Nellie
Morris, a very popular young lady of this
place, was Goddess of Liberty for tnt d?y.
The chief attraction of the evening was
the pyrotechnic display given by George
P. Fuller at his home on Main street. The
display was witnessed by an immense
crowd. Mr. Fuller gives a similar enter
tainment annually, but the one to-night
exceeded all previous efforts. The decora
tions of the house and lawn were beauti
ful. — :
Special DiFpatch to The Call
BEAUTIFUL FLOATS
IN LINE AT GILROY
GILROV, July 4.— The national birthday
was appropriately observed in' Gilroy by
a grand street parade in the morning.
Grand Marshal W. C. Bennett command
ed in a dignified and able manner. The
parade was the finest seen in Gilroy for
many years. There were some beautiful
floats, notable among which were those of
the Junior orchestra. Native Daughters
and Goddess of Liberty car. Miss Lillian
Dexter impersonated •/California" on the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
float. Mies Ethel Head was a beautiful
"Goddess of Liberty." Many of the secret
societies and the firemen marched in the
parade.
The literary exercises at Music Hall
attracted a large crowd. R. M. Ryan as
president of the day made ¦ appropriate
remarks. The oration was given by Ed
ward Rice; the Declaration of Indepen
dence was read by Harry Schemel: the
poem by Miss Fitzgerald was delivered
by Mfss Meads; the prayer by Rev. E.
B. Hays. The singing of M. McCurrle of
San Kranelsco and the chorus under the
direction of Rev, Mr. Nesbitt added large
ly to the success of the exercises. The se
lections by the Gilroy band and Junior
orchestra were very fine.
Altogether the day's celebration was a
grand success and not a single Incident
happened to mar the day's pleasure.
The Foresters closed the day's festivi
ties with a grand ball. ¦ The grand mar
shal, W. C. Bennett, led the march with
the pretty Goddess of Liberty, Miss Ethel
Head. • ,
STARS AND STRIPES
HONORED IN FRANCE
PARIS, July 5.— Never in the history of
the American • colony in Paris has the
Fourth of July been celebrated with such
enthusiasm and brilliancy as yesterday.
Certainly never before have the Govern
ment of France and the French people
associated themselves with America's fete
day. The President of the republic took
it upon himself to personify France at the
Lafayette inauguration in the morning,
while in addition the Cabinet, with
the exception fit Premier Waldeck-Rous
seau. who was engaged elsewhere, attend
ed In a body. M. Deechanel and M. Fal
lieries emphasized the action in a recent
resolution of good will to America in the
two houses of Parliament, over which
they preside, by their presence at the cer
emonies. Among the distinguished French
men present were also Jules Claretle, di
rector of the Comedle Francalse, and six
members of the Lafayette family.
The Stars and Stripes. flew everywhere
on the public buildings, along the boule
vard, on the river steamboats and on the
top of the Eiffel tower 4 where floated the
biggest American flag ever made, which
was sent over specially for; the purpose
from the Department -of. the Interior at
Washington. Every American in Paris
apparently deemed it his duty to wear a
miniature flag. The American pavilion
was especially decorated with the national
colors. -^
NATION'S BIRTHDAY AT
THE NATION'S CAPITAL
WASHINGTON, July 4.— The birthday
of the republic was celebrated in the
capital to-day with the usual accompani
ment of crackers, cannon and oratory,
under a burning blue sky. The Sons of
the Revolution, the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution and the Oldest Inhabitants
Association abandoned their customary
exercises at the foot of the monument
of Washington and read the Declaration
of Independence in the copier recesses of
churches and woods. The absence of' the-
President from the city accentuated 'the
lack of life that marked the Government
departments. All the Government offices
were closed except the : State, War and
Xavy buildings, where a few officials
awaited whatever tidings ' might be re
ceived from China. -. ,
PATRIOTIC SPEECHES
.// AT ANGELS. CAMP
Special Dispatch to The Call
ANGELS CAMP, July 4.— The: nation's
anniversary of ' Independence - was cele
brated at this place in grand style^ to-day.
Many people came In from the surround
ing country to participate in the cele
bration. Patriotic addresses were; had,
and Rev. W. R. Bair of; Oakland deliv
ered a stirring address appropriate. to the
occasion. At the Angels Camp racetrack
horse races were indulged in.
Says It Would Be a Reflection on the
Entire Bench if He Should
Draw Out.
JUDGE HAST WILL TRY
OAKLAND WATER SUIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.
ACTOR HENRY MILLER PLAYS
SECOND TO A PROPERTY MAN
A Few Small Fires.
fifteen fires was the daj-'s record up
to '12 o'clock last night, but rone of them
were Kerloue. The department hnd eighty
men on duty all the time and some extra
cnpincn wpre stationed on the streets,
ready to respond to any alarm. The rec
ord is a smaller cne than usual and a pe-
11
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
cSeslloorPoison,
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Diseis?.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even 'Help.
There has been discovered • br th» 8tat»
Medical Institute. W3 Elektroa bulldln*. Fort
Wayne, InJ.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
¦ore throat, copper colored tpots. chaaere*.
ulceratlons en the body and In hundreds oC
cases where the hair and eyebnai had (alien
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolts,
pimples and ulcers this wonJerful Vpcclflo haj
completely chanced the whole jody into «
clean, perfect condition of phyileal leaUh.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brine*
scores of suflerers seeking this new and inarv.1-
out cere and to enable those who cr.nnot irav«|
to realize what a truly maneb'H work tie in-
stitute Is accomplishing they wl!. tend fr«« to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This Is the- oily known
cure for Blood Polscn. Do not nesitaia to
write at once and the free trial nlil "5« »eat
sealed in plain package.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 3900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nrsiNESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
<-a!l. corner of Market «n<3 Third streets, open
until II o'clock every n'pht in the year.
DRAKCU OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; oi*n until S:3? P. ~.
SO0 Kajr— Ktreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllif-ier rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln Ftroet; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mission ftreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
rCCl Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur. til 9 t>. m.
:06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. .m.
1096 Valencia Ftreet; or?n until 9 p. rn.
Northwest ccrr." Twenty-second and Ken-
tuc-ky struts; or' n until 9 p. m.
MEETIXO NOTICES.
SAN"FRANCISCO Consistory No. TSgja
1, A. and A. Bcottlfh Rite of [K\
Freemasonry — Members are [J jfj}L_Jr|
>.-.:¦ : lifted to attend at 'J^Sv^jtSS
Chapter Hull. Masonic Tempi--. [t^-"ieSP^i.
on THURSDAY. July 5. 1*00, at — jgl —
1:S9 o'clock, to take part in the fiaJJeil
fur,(nil obsequies of our late
brother. WILLIAM THOMAS REYNOLDS.
1 "art Orand Mas-tor of the O n si story
FRANK KOENIG. Master.
HENRY BURNER. Registrar pro, tem.
__IS?1ON Charter No. 7S. R. A. M.- tt
Htated r.M^nnc THIS <THt'RSn.\^ ) -^f^_
EVKNING. ~:'M o'clock. -BC-ln*— and /LJ*
M M. decree. By order nf the H. P. ' ~ r
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. «
II.- The officers ar.d members of the _J*_
abovo-r.amed ludp^ are hereby notified /|k_K
to attend the funeral, of our late ' *
brother. WILLIAM THOMAS REYNOLDS.
In Kin? Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple,
THIS DAY (TirURPDAY), July 6. at 3
o'clock p. m. Masrer Mason* an.J friends of
the d.-ceased are invited. Uy order of the
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
J-VENING. July 5. at 7:3u o'clock. J&2Z
Muted meeting and third degree. By ' V '
order of t-e Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 129. F. and A. M. •
-Stated mefllr-p THIS (THURSDAY) -IV,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order J^Jp\
"'• M " FREDERICK BARRY. Sea.
BOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. •
F. ana A. M.— Stated meeting THIS _J\_
: HI RSDAV) EVENING, at (• o'clock.
E. C. HALL.. Secretary. / '
DORIC L<vige No. 216. F. and A. M.— «
Stated meeting and Third degree THIS _J\_
CTHVRSDAT) EVENING. at 7:30
o'clock By order of the Master. ' V *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
YERBA B-jer.a Lodge No. 15, I. O. .y£^££,
O F-— Installation of officers S_353S=
THIS EVKN1NG.
J. P. SCHLOEX. N. G.
ANNUAL meeting— The reculsr annual meet-
Irg cf the stockholders of The San Francisco
Rr.d San Joaqu'.n Valley Railway Comoany
•will be held at the office of the company. No.
Til Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the 17th day of July. 1900. at the
hour cf 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
of electing a Rcard of Directors to serve for
the ensuing rear, and the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
lr.g. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ACEXTS WANTED.
Srr-00 CAN .foe made during next 8 months ty
huFtlins agents handlinR cur white and fancy
rubber collars, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
fa euararteed goods: Inclose stamp for spe-
cia'l y'.an. M. & M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
ASTROLdCY.
MRP. fadle Dur.n, scientific astrcloglst. 6trictly
reliable on all matters pertaining to life and
business; horoscope readings. II. 2710 Sutter.
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 917 Market St..
room c;7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
r.o advance cl-.argres; mor?y loaned on estates.
ADVICE IWe: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success. • collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market.cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Et.. cpp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Esraia Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k"t St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
alto mobiles:
AV'TOMOniLES— Fred WARD & SON.
Acents. 4£ Fremont Bt.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON $.'.. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 EUU.
belgia.v hares.
ijelgian'hares:!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda. Cal.
TniniOXT Belgian Hare Co.. !134 Fillmore st.,
San Francisco, Cal.— One of the few reliable
firms handling Belgians.
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
( reap. lOC'SVi Eutter et.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate ave.. H.F.. LOO rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock, reasonable.
Royal Rabbltry. £14 Golden Gate ave.. 6. F.
HOOK- M:\V AXD OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bock Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
ULSIXESS CHANCES.
A^£oTELEG^fTiY^tteTealoon7 Established
year*; In large private httel; rent $40; location
2 blocks from Market et. K. G. WILKE. 26Vs
Kearny Et.
A— 5C0; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
bul'.dlng; a good business; Investigate at
ence. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A DAY saloon doing a large business; mostly
liquor trade; fixtures, glassware, etc.; JSOu;
ftock at invoice. Particulars. R. G. WILKE.
"C 1 ? Kearny st.
Jl — II00; CORNER grocery and bar on Brannan
et. ; rent J25; living rooms; a good paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. Zi\i Kearny st.
A— COO: PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
ar.d cr)<-.p house; close to Market et.; a splen-
did oTfer for the right man. Call K. G.
WILKE, S6H Kearny Et.
A— HO*-: CANDY etore and factory; close to
Powtil and Market 6ts. ; rent J40; good pay-
ing business; sickness cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 2GH Kearny st.
A— $4'*00; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
It. G. WILKE. 2C\j Kearny et.
A— Jl'KX); GROCERY and bar on 6an Brurio
road: living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
Ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from business cause of sale. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— J1500: CORNER: wine and liquor etore: only
one block from Market; rent JSO; horse,
wagon and a large stock; eplendld paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
sale. See It. G. WILKE. £614 Kearny st.
A— 12000; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
on Hayes et. ; no rent to pay: a Eplendld
chance. Re«? R. G. WILKE, 2G^_ Kearny st.
5500— PARTNER wanted In a first-class saloon
one block north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe- Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-J3XK) J3000 13000
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must have partner; too much business for
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad deoot:
all first -cla*s custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo.: books
open for indirection: Investigation solicited.
STENBERQ CO.. 823 Market st.
A-WJi; RESTAURANT: best block on lead-
Ir.g street; doing good business: meals 20c
nr.d upward: estab. years: fine for man and
wife. STKNBERG CO.. S35 Market et.
A— t:W; &-ROOM lodging houee In center of
city; north r.f Market; owner leaving State;
must cell. STENBERG CO.. 835 Market st
tzza — Well located and good paying saloon-
nicely fitted up; full investigation allowed; a
sacrifice; parties leaving for Nome; trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
$3T0— HALF interest: is worth J500; partner pre-
ferred to hired help. McLACGHLIN & CO..
777S Market et.
*8ft0— SALOON: north of Market «t.; best loca-
tion; full value; In sight; sold only on account
of old age. Apply McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market ct.
fCOO— FRUIT and vejretable rtore; fine horse and
wagon: fine business; beet location In city;
great bargain. LANE & CO.. SC5 Market rt.
A— STATIONERY and branch bakery: bargain;
"tab. ? years. COWINQ & CO.. 719 Market.
FINE established butcher burtness for sale
In country town; reason for selling sickness.
Apply Oall office.
BANKRUPT sale—stock of plcklen tn glass and
bulk, osrrops, sauces, etc.; labels, brands,
packing outfit and good will of California
Packing Company. For particulars Inquire
at Board cr Trade. 202 Market et.
A— UTS; BOANCIt bakery — »d delicacy etore; 3
living rooms, with water; rent J12. - 428 Sixth.
A RESTAURANT for e_le; also living room*.
:J6 Second et.
CI<JAR Ftand for rent cheap. Oppoclte rail-
road depot. Third and Townsend sts.
O'FARRELL, 404— Sho<» ehop for sale: estab-
ll&ed five years; a rare chance; call at once.
BUSINESS CHANCES — •CONTINUED.
FOR sale— A strictly good business ; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour daily: horse and wagon;
lodgingr-buuse. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to.msjce money. Inqulra
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
fipld, Cal
FOR sale— Blacksmith ehop in prosperous town;
<3"lnK eood business; no opposition; beat of
reasons for selling. Address F. B., P. U. box
C07, Sacramento. *
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
Mall*; rent only J15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 61< Call bldg.
LEADING hotel In Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dininjr-room. kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. Cal.
J PAYING fruit rtore for sale. 130 Eighth Bt.
! FOR sale— Cigar etore fixtures and two partly
; furnished housekeeping rooms. 29 Ninth at.
CANDY store for sale; pood stock and fixtures;
I low rent; no agents. 138 Hayes et.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
IIACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary: other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from.GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore Bt. j
A nit.i.NCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
'enc'a st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
J30Q_LODGING-HOT'SE: 13 rooms; hardwood
; furniture; clears $75 per month: sold at sacri-
| flee this week. McLaughlln & Co.. 777Vt Mkt.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MFT. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN vou become disgurted with poor work
send to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-35? Tehama st.; tel. S.' 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 14Q.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Pt. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carpet-Heating "Works, G. H.
STEVENS, m_r., 3S-40 Sth St.; te!. South 250. |
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson Et., tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carret-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons. buKgies, carts, harnest
I etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
i AN A No. 1 express wagon, Elngle, also light
j camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUAL! S3I.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 605 McAllister Ft.; 10c; sittings dally.
WVLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 33'. j
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included
MRS. HOTTER, spiritual medium: sittings; G.
$1. L. 50c; cir. Mo.. Wed., Fri., 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily; cir.
Tues.. Frl.. 2. S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
THIB week only— Full sittings 2."c. WATSON.
medium, palmist, 15S1 Market st., near 12th. '
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test.business
medium, life reader; sitting, $L 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call, ¦
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-Enown trance me-
dium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may te consulted on nil affairs of life; fhe
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
et., near Jones.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market at., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double Xfll & second sight, ;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c. ;
gents $1; palm. & clair.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader: past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth et.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh St.; no sign.
YOUNG clairvoyant, card reader; Thursday, .
Friday. Saturday only. E6 Everett St.. nr. 4th. |
MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader, 50c. ¦
70S Ellis Kt.. near L«rkln. » |
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant, and water
reader: German spoken. 921Vt Mission, op.Mint.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 212^4 Sixth st. .~--fV,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO^ENTAxTcLINIC, 809 Uar^
ket sC cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no 'students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
Dn. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates' are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per 6et; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
I days. 10C1 Market et., corner Sixth.
1 SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. nUXARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR-CREELY'S CP.rqange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market Kt., above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lnp, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor&MoftatL
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GiKO^G^^vT'K^Ll/rFA^n^y^No charge^un^
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE cottage, 5 rooms and basement. 113 Ash
ave., near City Hall.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath. 3835 Twenty-
fifth st.: rent 19.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges- references. President Jordan or any
Stanford profe6sor. Phelan building.
ALL, students but two taking full course this
year got positions. ? KAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. j_36 Market St.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et.; life scholarship, $;u; Includes short-
hand. typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.:
the coming- school: thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, eceay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.;.est. 1SC4.
VAN PER N A ILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310 :
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished puplla.
J1EALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1S63; £0-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand ;, bookkeeping. Parrott big.: cat'log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing. can-Ing; all branches. 424 Pine St..
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1014 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
]t n>«« Id wrannor. for OT8llln«r. SI per year.
. ; \ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment, con-
tractor: estatl.'over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. , 417 Powell;- tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese htlp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121.. 80T.^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Beet help. 4im O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOY.MEXT WANTED FEMALE.
A SWEDISH girl wants i tuation as flret-class
cook; city or country; reterence. MRS. NOR-
TON.-313 Sutter ft.'
! WANTED — Hy refined middle-aged woman slt-
; uation; housekeeper. Infant's nurse or com-
panion to lady; would assist with sewing or
children; wages $23; best references. Call 11C9
Mission st., room 15, between 7 and 9 p. m.,
Thursday and Friday.
GOOD, honest woman. flrFt-class cook, would
assist with washing; country preferred; ref-
erences. Call £05 Geary st., near Hyde.
YOUNG trlrl wishes position for general house-
work and assist with plain cooking. Call at
".21 Linden ave.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants to take care
of a baby; Is a fine seamstress. 1S72 Division
I St.. West Oakland.
WANTED— By a woman; housecleanlng or
washing: $1 and carfare. Address S3S Mission.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day, housecleaning; good laundress; $1 10 day.
" Box 23S0. Cnll offlce.
' ELDERLY lady wishps position as housekeeper
for ¦small fnmily; short distance in the coun-
try. BoxlSS^Callofflce^^
NEAT Japanese girls want situations to do
housework and plain cooking. 1329 Pine St.,
Japanese Mission.
A PERFECT Vienna dressmaker wishes work
in private families. Ad.dress H. F.. 2116 How-
ard pt. Tailor rnade suits a specialty.
SITUATION wanted^ by a competent cook at
cooking anl general housework. Call at 3760
Diamond pt.. near Moss ave., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night : $1 50 to $6
¦week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
¦ A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
loncia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
ONE who has had some experience In making
bread and can mold would accept some posi-
tion in bakery: not less than $40 per month.
Box 33S3. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted ly engineer and elec-
trician; competent in setting up or running
steam engine or dynamos; country preferred.
Box 23*3. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a practical engineer
and machinist: 2t) years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo; good references. Box
35S2, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as drummer or collector:
well acquainted in city; good references. Box
35S6, Call office.
TWO first-class painters and paperhangers
want work In hotels or for property owners
by day or month. Address box 35S5. Call.
I TIRST-CLASS cook and assistant seeks steady
Fit uation: country hotel, mining or railroad
camp; also nrst-class baker; highest refer-
ence. Box 183S. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11, San Mateo, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS engineer wants position In
city: does not smoke nor drink; best of ref-
erence. Box 3506, Call office. :,';\ ¦',-':.¦
EXPERIENCED grocery and bar hand wants
a position: b^s the best of references. Box
3597. Call office^
BARBER, young man (26) seeks steady situa-
tion: good workman; city or country. Ad-
dress Box 1S37, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 21, wishes employment after 4
p. m. : attendinfg school during day. Ad-
dress R. O. B., box 35S9, Call office.
WANTED— By an active, middle-aged man to
cook, f-mall place. Box 3599, Call offlce.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country; colored man. Box 3600, Call offlce.
CAKE baker wishes position; understands or-
namenting. Iinulre 175 Linden ave.
A COOK wants a situation for the country;
understande baking bread. 1301 Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda. '
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position In
family or boarding house. Address Jim, 735
Putter st.
BAKER, first-clas9 foreman, wants a place as
such: brrad and cakes. Address 225 Third
St.. Oakland. '
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
lOTlVis Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manage, ocullct optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 '"FLATS, cottaeen. etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 6G7 Market st.
793 Haight. f. « r...$t5l 725 Bush. f. 4 r.$12 50
72 Webster, f. 6 r.. 26 3354 20th, f. E r U
679 Geary, f. 6 r...27 50'250H Tehama. f. 5 r. 10
6C9 Geary, f. 7 r.... 3lt 132 Scott, f. 6 r..... IS
A— S-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows:
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
FOURTEENTH, 738. near Market— A handsome
lower flat of 6 rooms and bathroom, base-
ment and garden.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny top flat, 6 rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 5-room flat; rent $20. 219^4 Elm
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
NINETEENTH, 3580. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat: sun all day; rent $18; water free.
SACRAMENTO. 2410, near Webster— An ele-
gant 7- room flat; modern Improvements.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath*, all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
$12—6 ROOMS and bath; in good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oa.k for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-U31 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W r . E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEM ALE.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 first-class . waitresses, institution, $25 and
found; 6 waitresses, springs, $10; 11 waitresses,
commercial hotels, $20 and $25. many of them
fare paid; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses. $7; lunch waitress, $3 50; 3 rancy
Ironers, $30 and found; chambermaid to wait.
Pacific Grove, $20, fare paid; chambermaids,
$15 and SIS.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Italian working housekeeper, country, $15;
German or Swedish housekeeper, country, $20;
2 friends to go together, $25 each, must go
Saturday: 20 housegtrls across the bay and
short distance in country: 25 housegirls, cooks,
etc.. city. "C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— NURSE, Institution, $20; nurse, one child
10 months old, $20; German nurse. S children,
$25; infant's nurse, $25; nurse, Tehama. $20;,
2 fchlldren, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 225
S-tter st. .
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; aleo learn-
ers. Apply G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission,
cor. Second. - . . ¦
LUNCH and dinner waitress; must be neat and
active; 6 hours a day; $20 per month. Apply
Johnson's Restaurant, 28 Montgomery ;' st. ¦
WANTED— A younsr respectable woman to
make herself generally- useful. Address box
3584, Call offlce. ¦',-¦ : »;.«,
A GIRL for general housework at 1016 Geary
street. ¦ .
GENERAL -housework; family, of three; - $25;
references. Apply 228 Clayton st.
SWEDISH Birl for general housework; no
washing. 1106 Eddy st. .. - .-
WANTED — A young girl to do general house-
work; need not cook. Call at 1831 Eddy st.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $12 and
{15. 1273 O'Farrell st. ' "¦-:
A YOUNG girl to 'assist In housework; wages
$6 to $3. 1619 Sutter st. •- r- - .
WANTED— Strong ..young girl to assl«t In
housework; 2 In family; no wash. 1032 Ellis.
WANTED- Reliable girl for light house worft;
-family of 2. 2S33 : Pine '. st- ' ... . , ¦
YOUNG nurse : girl with ; experience; - reference
- reaulred.' Inquire 417 Larkln st. bet. 9 and 10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 Cal.
FOR Sale— Al fresh cow. 20 Bonlta St., off Polk,
between Vnllejo and Green.
FOR Sale— 1 good 36-inch screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at 223 Mission st.
WATER pipe. 3. 4. 6 inches; in quantities to
suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling;
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
6HP. gasoline marlrte engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITEj 516-513-520 Mission.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced _price.
$75; concert records, SI 50. Baclgalupl. 333 Mkt.
PORT \BLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J- Burke. 139 Beale.
I SFCOXD-HAXD fireproof safo: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. " 42 Main et.
A FINE suit. J10: dress pant*. $2 T.".. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD fz BRECK. 131 Post St.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe'. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento s^.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. "P 1 ! 2
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market ft.. Sun Iran.
ONE 4-sii!ed sticker: 1 planer ami "matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotive*. --0 * rcmont.
MISCliLLAiSkOO »*AVr».
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE... 25 StocK-ton St.
SECOND-HAND pool or billiard table; any
size. Address box 35JS. Call office.
IT you wish full value for ypur cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 41.3.
______ _^ LOV>
ANY amount at 6 per centrist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortsages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
" second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 18, first
floor. Chronicle big., HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON renl estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rales. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
C8 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
ANY sum, 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried pvple without security; all busi-
ness conlidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, US McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
W^3lXv^CiR^1L~^RGAIN r ,"l7~niat r s^hat
you want; fine large Mahogany Upright for
J1S5, if you buy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
CAMPERS should take along some of our fine
.•Sllkene strings for Banjo; they excel In tone.
strength «ind quality; SOc per set. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
WE sell Olympla Music Boxes, and all other
kinds 3f musical Instruments on Installments;
come and see. even if you haven't much money
to pay down. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st. .
AS we represent the best make of pianos
every erade from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, $6 cash, S6 per
month: other pianos. $3. S4 and |. r > per mon^V^
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers^
cor. Kearny and Suttef sts.. San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at ccst; owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating 1 a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O*Far-
rcll st. 1 -C : ; :
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and SO O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from J75 up. take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S. 1S18 Market st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold - this
week for storage ; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stock
tjf pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE, 1019 Van Ness ave.
A $330 UPRIGHT, good as new; must be sold to
close up an estate. Room 10, Flood building.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment S3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett &*Pavi3 pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stelnway, 1 Chlckerlng. $190; installments
S.I to S10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. S5 payments;
for rent, $2 up. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 Dages. In wrapper, for matllnr. SI per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reaii.i 1 to 8. C18 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE.
3wTtO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PERSOXALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
. chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; .dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth, Oakland.
SUITS to order on . Installments: $13 upward'
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qu'.ntonlca keeps the hair In fine
condition. Sic bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sh_m-
poo can't be beat. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
$2 50 MEN'S shoes for %1 50 a pair at the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st., near Third.
SWEETHEART-For God's sake let me know
where you are. , DEARIE.
MME. ADA. wonderfully girted healer 34
Kearny -»t.. room 1L cures nervousness" ln-
somlnla. blindness. Bright's disease, rupture.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms-
25c to SI CO per night; SI SO to *6 per week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AHLBORN House, 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
lng German-American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up: finest meals In city. 25c.
LEDERER. the popular hair dresser gives
you the very latest hair styles for only 25c.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
. sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 119L
LEDERER sells the very best switches at the
very smallest price, from SI .up.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building. ro«.m 407.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
850 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
ALFREDUMS- Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing.old »rojd and silver bousht:
send postal. COLEMA.VS. S06 Kearny at.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Sjelner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary St.. ground «nd top floors.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. 'O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021H Market st., bet. SUth and Seventh.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. . r
ROOM "A." CROCKER ELILDINU.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now Is the time to bu7~whlle urlces are low.
J4:o to *SCO-Sunset lots, sewered and graced:
all ready to build on; In excellent locations. *1J
I monthly.
$230 to WOO-Cholcest -Richmond lots; S10
monthly.
J73 to WOO— Building lots near Mission st. anl
Pan Mateo electric cars an<l Ocean view., a.i
level: no grading; %'• monthly.
IS-'d to $1000 for small cottages In excellent
locations near cars; payment! ?ame as real.
Call for maps and diagrams.
S ° L CET RC*o5 n '^OCKER BUILDING.
J53CO— MODERN 9-room house in choice location
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halsjht-st. cars; finished with marble steps
frescoed ceiling*. 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; t-rrris one-f<,urtn case,
balance JCO monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
HOUSE for sale of 7 rooms: . nicely funrlshedj
reasonable. 11C0 llispicn st.
FOP. sale— Northeast corner Walier ar.rl Shrarfcr
sts.; improved four stores and two flats: brings
10 per cent on investment. Owner. S21 ShraJer.
i — — ¦
MODERN houses 1 and flats built at l,)-ve«t
prices; plan3 anil estimates furnished for a'.I
building work. CAMx'LiKl.L. 1147 Mission st.
MODETIN ccttacs of i rooms and bath. See
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st»
CHEAPEST ar.d best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pa^s. sent to any address in th-s.
United States or Canada ono year for {!. f
postage r*ald. .
m:\Ii ESTATE — COl'XTRY — For Sale
ACCURA4TE personal knctvledse; each of the
3000 ranches en my SALE and EXCHAXGB
list More than all othf-r agents put together
In S. F. N. T>. SICKELS. Land Agt.. 6 Geary.
EIGHTY acres lavel and oartly drained tula
land near city; fine for speculation; cheap.
Address H-. box 1J3=. Call office.
FOR i«ale— Good-paying investment: country
hotel; rented 1 at *5ft For particular* apply at
fouthwpst corner Eddy R"d Taylrr stj.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FoXsO_r~S?^Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
GEART. 411— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms ; reasonable. _________——,
! GREEN. 417-Three sunny connecting rooms:
r.eatly furnished: sunny yard: quiet place; t.o.
MISSION. M^— 2 larce »unny housekeeping
rooms; rent .-easonable.
O'FARRELL. 712—2 to 4 nicely furnished
housekping rms.; complete; gas, bath; phone.
POLK. 5_— Large sunny unfurnished house-
| keeping rooms; rent cheap.
SIXTH ' 113A — t connecting rooms with p!an<»
1 and gas. furnished for housekeeping, $22 W;
I also other rooms. ij
i TWENTIETH. 3S36— 3 sunny connecting rooms;
| gas and bathj
1 CLA«SIFIi:i> advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1C36 Va-
j lencla st.
j HOO.MS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night. 51 25 to $5 per wee._, ar.l
llrht housekeeping: open all night.
! BURNETT 1426 Market st. (old No. 138J)— Fur-
I nished rms., suites, single; also unfumistw.
I EIGHTH, 10S— Sunny rooms, fl 23 to |2 i0 p^ri
! week. r
i ELLIS 837— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
! 2 gentlemen, with cr without board; prlv. fam.
FIRST. 413— Single and double sunny rooms; H
' and $3 mcnthly.
! FOLSOM. 56.".. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
j nished sunny rt>oms. single or suites; reasons;.
FOURTH. 222^4— Nicely furnished rooms; St
week and up; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. 40S (The Navarre) — Elegantly fnrnlsh^l
! rooms; suites or single; travelers acco'dateil.
> ORAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
.*' and Mission sta. — Sunny rooms, en suite cr
' single; ladles' parlor; reading rocm; elevator.
j HOTEL Francisco— Eletrant suites: single; tran- J
slent; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor, i
I HOWARD, 5S3. cor. 6th — r.'lcely fumUnetl sunny *
! rooms reasonable; by day. week cr month.
1 OAK. 113—2 sunny large front rooms. $3; un-
| furnished: closets; see them; other rooms.
JONES. 117— Large front sunny room; 2 closets;
also smaller room; privaf.
j MASON, 213. near corner O'Farrell— Newly fur-
j nished rooms: permanent, public end city
transient: rent reasonable.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms ar.l
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POWELL, 121 — Light, clean rms. ; suites or sln-
I gle; transient: running water; rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis it.— Rooms.
night. 25c to $1: week. SI 25 to $4; open nlg-i.
ROTAL HOUSE, 126^ Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI 50; week, ii
to S3; month. $S to $20; elevator en office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO, 643 — Neat furnished rooms;
private family; SI and upward.
I SAN ANTONIO— Up-to-date fireproof building;
elevator: new furniture: ocean water bathi._.
suites and single roonui; appreciated whi-_|
seen; popular prices. 21 Taylor st.. near M.t^.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 13fi— Furnished front and back parlors;
I suitable fcr doctor's offlce or dressmaker.
i SUTTER 56$. rear— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
call after 6 p. m. ••
TURK. 1123 — Large front room, nicely fur-
i nished: sun all day; private family; refer-
j ences required.
TAYLOR. 611 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites or single: prices reasonable.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A goo.1 rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 FUlmore-.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL DENNISTON. eorneT^V^ilencla^Tntt
Twenty-first sts.; warm b««4t: choice sunny
rooms: single and en suite; $25 and $"i and
up; first-class.
THE P.RADBURY.1W4 California— New modem
family hotel: excellent table: lOo beautifiitly
furnished rooms: moderate; phone Hyde 2771.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. near Mission— Nicely
furnl?hed sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALMAS. 1325 Market St.— Suite of 2 or J
rms.: private: bath: sin. rma.; board optional.
MASON. 12A— Poard and rooms. J3 50 a week
up; home cooking.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weeklv Call.
1<? pages, in xrrapper. for nialllny. SI per year.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby siren that the Maria KV
Orphanage of ;2» Like at.. San Francisco. h*V
received the foUowte_i orphan, ha'.f-orph.i^
and abandoned girls from March 31 to Jutvj
20 1900: Marrlctta E. MrK«!wen. ? yerirs i
m'o-.ths: Sarah C. McCarthy. 13 years ?
months; Mary K. McCarthy. 10 years 5
months: K'ther H. Snyders. 1 year ?
months; Emma K. Fisher. 11 yrars 6 months;
Bertha C. Fisher. 7 years 2 months.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pill*
are the best; safe, reliable; take no ether; I
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for 1
Lailies." In letter by return mail; at dru«- I
gists. CMchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa. I
BAP tenants ejected for S4; collections made-:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41i Montsromery st.. rooms 9-10; te!. SCSO.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tht* Weeklv
Coll, 1G rase*, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
postage pnM. •
SEWIXG MACHISBS ASD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran- I
teed. Chas. Plamb»>ck. 1913 Mission, nr. lit -i. U
ALL kinds bor.eht, void, exchanged, rented: ¦
_^e^a2rjr^g_nt_Vnve3t^rnt«'s. T>"i Fourth at. 'fj
STORAGE AXD AVAUEHOISES. 1
WILSON BRO3.. storage and~movTnK~~^i^reS I
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762. jt
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlas C<jm_|
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; prong Jackson JS1, j p
BHKINS Van «nrt Storage Co. 722 Mission _¦•_¦¦>
tel. Mr»ln 1S»>-T>aekln_: luring an.l «twtf«J
AXD SIIPI'LIRg. fl|
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE WRIT ERS-^WM
•ell better machines for leas money titan and
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewrtt^H
Exchange. S38 California, telephone Main KCBLONDON, July 4.— At the wool sales to-day
6S00 bales were offered. Common crossbreds
were In nood demand and were well supported,
buyers for the home trade belnff the chief
operators. - -
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL* July 4.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 1' Northern spring. 6s 4d; No. 1 California,
6.1 3V£d. Futures, quiet; July. 6s l%d; Septem
ber, 6s 2%d; December, nominal.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, July 4.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter to-morrow will say: The wool
market remains dull and in the buyers' favor.
Some mills have ehut down, while others -are
running short time, as in a "between-season
period." Under 'such a.' condition of affairs
consumers are naturally Indisposed to take
chances and are ordering only just such wools
as are absolutely needed. Prices were weaken
ing slightly In the West, but in several «ec
tlons wool Is being sold and generally speaking
the market is firm.
Boston Wool Market.
LONDON. July 4.— Atchlson, 23%; Canadian
Pacific, 90&; Union Pacific preferred, 74V»;
Northern Pacific preferred. "2H; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, ""«; Rand mines, .40U; bar silver
steady, 2S 7-16.
CLOSING,
NEW TORK. July 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial ¦ cablegram to-day
says: American securities opened weak and
remained so throughout the session, with very
little doing, owing to the holiday In .New
York. The tone at the close was irregular. Bar
silver, firm. 28 5-16d per ounce.
London Market.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
(120th Meridian— Paclftc Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO, July 4, 190CI-5 p. m.
The following mamixum temperatures wer(S
reported from stations In California to-day:
Kureks -»» 62 Red Bluff. ..'..1 94
Mount Tamalpals SI Racrameuto 92
Independence SS San Luis Oblspo — SO
Fresno SS San Diego 65
Los Angeles 7J
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
69; minimum, 60; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. >
• Rain has fallen generally over the northern
half of the Pacific slope. A disturbance of
moderate enercy has moved rapidly eastward
over Idaho. The pressure has fallen rapidly
over Eastern California and Northern Nevada
and light showers may occur Thursday over
the northern half of the Sierras. The tem
perature continues above the normal In the
great valleys of California. There has been a
sharp fall of temperature over Oregon, Eastern
Washington and Idaho.
The following maximum wind velocity is re
ported: San Francisco. 36 miles per hour from
the west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July- 5, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, except
cloudy- along the coast; probably lights showers
In the extreme northern portion; fresh northerly
winds In the Interior; brisk westerly winds
along the coast with heavy fog In the after
noon.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, with fog
along the coast; frenh westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, cooler in northern portion
Thursday, fair in soutnern portion.
Utah— Cloudy, probably light showers In
northern portion Thursday, fair In southern
portion; cooler in northern portion.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day; hrisk westerly winds in the afternoon
with heavy fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
ARRIVED.^
Wednesday, July 4.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 10 hours from Bowena
Landing. | /
Htmr Arcata. Reed, 14 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 2S hours from
Crescent City. ,
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, 70 hours from New
port, etc.
Br stmr Warfield, Peattle, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor. ' .
Bark Lcvl G Burgess, Younggren. 5 days from
Tacoma.
Bark Germania, Rasmussen, 6 days from
Seattle.
Bktn Gardlnar City, Walton, 3 days 20 hours
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Dodge. Olsen, 25 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorenson, S days from
Tacoma.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point. '
Schr Abbie, Peterson, 5 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, 13 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen. 4 days from South
Bend.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Ship Cyrus "Wakefleld. Macloon. Seattle.
Br ship Amazon. Christie. Tateahuano.
Bktn S X Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu.
Schr Olga, Johnson, Eureka, in tow of stmr
North Fork.
TELEGRAPHIC. . • .
POrXT LOBOS. July 4. 10 p m— Weather
hazyf wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
CAPE NOME— Arrived June 24— Bark Theo
bald, from Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived July »— Stmr Orizaba,
hence July 2.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 4— Stmr State of Cal
ifornia, hence July 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 8-Shlp A J Fuller,
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 4— Br stmr
Bloemfontein. for Melbourne.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 4— Bark Vldette.
from Olyrop'ia.'
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrl-red July 3— Stmr Alllanca,
from Colon.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Alamo, for Colon.
WATI.1NS ISLAND— Passed June 30, 12 miles
north— Stmr Finance, from Colon, for New
York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Arrived June 17— Ital bark Altcar,
from Moodyvllle.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 25— Ship Wm H
Smith, for Port Townsend.
GUAYAQUIL — Arrived June IS — Ger stmr Oc
tavia. hence May 13, and sailed .July 3 for
Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Salled July 1— Br ship
Deohmont. for Honolulu.
SHIELDS— failed July 1— Fr bark Marguerite ¦
Mollnos. for San Francisco. •
SHANGHAI— Sailed June 23— Br bark Howard
D Troop, for Tacoma.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 25— Br bark Low
Wood, for Vancouver. B C.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived July 4— Stmr Menominee,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 4— Stmr St
Paul, from New York.
*> Sailed Julv 4 — Stmr Kaiserin Maria. Theresa,
from Bremen, via Cherbourg, for New Tork.
MOVILLE — Sailed July 4— Stmr Lake Su
perior, from Liverpool, for Montreal.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 4— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; Btmr Kensington, for Ant
werp: stmr Majestic, for Liverpool.
A N'TWERP— Arrived July 4— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
ST JOHNS— Arrived July 4— Stmr Carthagena,
from Liverpool, for Halifax and Philadelphia.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
July 4. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon or the 130th meridian, or at 3
o'clock i>. m.. Greenwich time.
. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
TO SAIL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C W George, Portland
T T Hause, Pinole
Capt E Nelson, Vallejo
F Lockwood & w, Tex
H Rose, San Jose
W B Fox. San Jose
T V Eddy. Fresno
A D Oliver. Redwd Cy
J T Hamlln, Oregon
J Malcrie, Seattle
J Glbbs, Los Ang
J B Amlot, Oregon
O J Chandler, Ind
Miss K Jensen. Mod?to
V Lee. Victoria, B C
W Richardson. Wash
ington, D C
W Chinn, Vallejo
Mrs R McDonald, L A
J Ring. ?.' Y
PALACE HOTEL.
R II Moore. Salinas
W Deon, Palo Alto
F G Hmith Jr. Detroit
Ida W Trunkey, Ch*o
L W Washington, Pa
G A Kilmer, N Y ¦
J F Stuart. Ptttsburg
Miss Alstcn. N Y .
C Llnkenbach, Bkrsfld
II A Rlchman. N Y
H G Wllshire. Los An
H Irwln, N Y
Mrs P Dunbar. S Lakt
E Clakey,' England
E J Fleishman. Mo
J P Weiler. S Mateo
Mrs Weiler. S Mateo
Mrs J P KolevIlle.N Y
G W Luce, Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL
A Perry, L Gatos I
C E Llttlejohn. Mrysvl
R A Long. Wilhjws |
Mrs C Wilson. Seattle
J A Craig, Woodland .
J D Williams, Benicia
J S Reardon, La
H Isaacs, L Ang
A Fibush, Oak ¦
R T Lemond, Denver
A J Stern & w, S R .
C K Garey. Portland
E Freund. Crockett
C C Galncs, Sacto
C F Gardiner & w, Ala'
II Barrows, Cal i
F W Holly. Aiameda' |
C W Nelson, Alameda
J C Clark. Fresno
G H Wllhelm, G Valley
N D Meilzner, Bkrsneld
Mrs L Calder, Willows'
Mrs J Harr, Spokane
O W de Shields, Cal
C Jones, Fresno
Miss C Jones, Fresno
R M Biodgett. Bkrsfleld
J Johnston. Mexico
C W Hodson, Portland
J H Blandy & w, Rslde
Miss B Mclntyre. Rside
A McGregor. Chicago
B F Sincoe, S Diego
J H Hettnia*, Sacto
S Mitchell. Stkn
\V A Hurry, Fresno
MIfs Bryan. Fresno
Miss McCabe, Fresno !
J A Henjuns. Minn
A T Ejjan. St Louts
H Helm, NY
F Roberts & w. L Ang
II A Cullen, Seattle
J Barnes & w,,Vallelo
It J Fontemose, Jcks>on
T C Woodworth. El D
J Smith. Salt Lake
T Clark. Plaeerville
Rev. P Van Ichie, Aub
B T Bulmer. U S N
E H Dodd, L'SN
n Dewltts Sydney <
Mrs F Eastman. L Ang
Miss M S Eastman. LA
B Holden. Chicago*
Miss Holden, Chicago
Mrs HoMen, Chicago
H C O Halliday. D C
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
TO ARRIVE.
Gilbert <lu Motier, Marquis de Lafayette!
Oh that words of mine .could express the full
burning love which our revolutionary sires did
bear to this illustrious son of old Auvergne:
Oh that I could pronounce his name with the
reverence with which my countrymen across
the sea wish me to pronounce it before the
people of France. In America two names are
the idols of our national worship, the burden of
fireside tale, the inspiration of the poet's song,
the theme of the orator's discourse; the name
of him who was the Father of his Country-
George Washington; and the name of him who
was the true and trusty friend of Washing
ton. Gilbert du Motier. Marquis de Lafayette!
Wealth and rank, the favor of court and king,
high distinction in the sen-ice of his own coun
try the endearments of wife and child— all that
ambition could coj^t or opportunity promise.
the youth of nineteen summers put resolutely
aside to cast his lot with a far-off people bat r
tling against fearful odds— and that at a mo
ment when their fortunes Vere at their lowest
ebb and ho;>e had well-nigh abandoned their
standards. When the agent of America in
France sadly contested that he was even un
able to furnish a ship to carry him and other
volunteers, Lafayette said: "I will buy a ship
and take your men with me."
Given a command in the army of Independ
ence Lafayette was at all times the "preux
chevalier, sans peur et Bans reprpche." The
highest traditions of French chivalry were re
vived. A Roland, a Bayard, a Dugesclln lived
again in the. camps and on the battlefields of
America. . » -
By his magnanimity of soul and by his grace
of manner. not less than by his military
rrowesfc, he won all hearts and became the Idol
of the American army. /Ie proved himself, to
the inmost fiber of his soul, an American, as
proud of America as the proudest of her pa
triots the champion before all . contestants of
her honor and her fair name. I More cheerfully
even than his American companions In armn, he
bore the terrible hardships of the war; again
and again he pledged his personal fortune to buy
food and clothing for his men, who knew him
by the ' familiar appellation of "the Marquis,
the soldiers' friend." In camp and in battle
his influence was boundless; a' word of cheer
from his lips roused the drooping eplrlta of his
soldiers, a word of command sent them head
long against the enemy. A visitor to the
American camp, the Marquis de Chastellux.
could not help remarking that Lafayette was
never i«poken of without manifest tokens of
attachment and affection.
Ves. America's gratitude Is due and Is given
to the France of a century ago — to Louis XVI,
r>e Vergennes. De Maurepas. who ruled In those
days her destinies; to the people of France*
who cheerfully bore the burdens which our war
brought upon them; to the seamen and soldiers
of France, who offered their lives In sacrifice
upon the altars of American liberty, -• and
America's gratitude Is due and is given to the
Franre of to-day, the living heir to the rights
and the glories of rulers and soldiers and peo
ple of former ages. Rulers and soldiers and
people of a ««ntury ago have passed away, but
the country 1 spy loved and represented remains;
France rema-Js. and to France the republic of
the United States of to-^Jay pledges her grati
tude and her friendship and promises that both
shall be "everlastlnr"
To America and France is given the noble
mission to be to the world th«* exemplars of
civil and political liberty. That they be true
to their mission' must be the prayer of all
friends of liberty, of all friends of humanity.
The-better to-ln»ure the possession of liberty
they have taken to themselves the highest form
of ' democracy— they have made ¦ themselves re
publlcts. They must show that. such form .of
liberty is capable of enduring amid all the
writhlncs and passions of humanity and that
beneath it in harmony with its promises there
are to be found liberty's ! beet and sweetest
blessings. To them Is assigned the task of
proving that the fullest democracy guarantees
to a people, together with liberty, the security
of law and order and the growth and prosperity
of the nation — that the fullest democracy, ever
true to Its name and profession, means for the
Individual man and citizen the actual- and as
sured enjoyment of the personal rights which he
inherits from Nature and Nature's God,, save
only Inasmuch as a retrenchment of Buch right*
Is Imperative for the maintenance of public or
der and the safeguarding of the rights of other
members of the community. 'And now what Is
said to-day be It said . to-morrow, be it said
adown the ages to come. :
Here upon this historic "Place" in France'*
Archbishop Ireland said in part
The scene within the amphitheater was
most striking and picturesque. The ris
ing tiers of seats were filled with about
2000 invited guests, a large proportion of
whom were ladles, whose handsome cos
tumes greatly contributed to the color ef
fect.
President Loubet, who was attired' in a
frock coat, with the insignia of the high
est rank of the Legion of Honor at his
buttonhole, stood bareheaded, surrounded
bv the French and American dignitaries.
General Porter then advanced to the
tribune and welcomed the guests.
The general spoke the first part of his
address in English and the rest in French.
Commissioner Peck followed.
A signal was then given and the boy3
previously referred to, dressed in white
flannel suits and sailor hats and wearing
tri-color sashes, pulled the strings releas
ing the American flag enveloping the
S As Ul? the flag dropped and the heroic
statue of Lafayette offering his sword to
the American cause was unfolded to view,
a scene of great enthusiasm occurred.
The whole assembly arose, cheered _and
waved hats, handkerchiefs and American
flags, while Sousa-s band Pl a >" c< ! » u e $
and especially composed march. Hail to
the Spirit of Liberty." ,
When the ringing applause subsided
President Loubet stepped to the front of
the platform and again cheers broke
forth Americans and Frenchmen uniting
in heartv shouts of "Vive, vive Loubet
vive la France." The President spoke but
briefly ulluding to the traditional friend
ship of" the two republics, the entire audi
ence remaining standing and uncovered
until the end of his remarks
President Loubet said in part.
Gentlemen: This magnificent monument con
secrate* the time-honored friendship and union
of two great nations. In generous Impulse the
Government or the United States, through the
Housed™ Representative, has g »ven CorceXo the
ceremony which brings us before the .W?Ws
this common ancestor. But the lnlt ] \ a >1 U^ u o r L t h h e d
fete springs from the school of youth nourished
by the beautiful- examples of history and the
noblest traditions.
I am happy to associate myself with the cor
dial thanks which the Chambers have already
Bent to the people of the United States and to
renew them in the name of entire
spectacle of these two republics consecrating
this monument by the same emotions and ani
mated by the same thoughts is not less a lesson
than a fete. It shows that among nations, as
Vmong individuals, the calculations of selfish
ness are often more opposed to thelrtattrert.
than the generous movements of the heart.
\VhenU~.fayeUe crossed the ocean to heir a
people to win its Independence he was not the
plaything of. heroic folly. He «rr« a deep
political object. He was about to cement the
friendship of two peopl-s on the common wor
ship of their liberty. This friendship, born In
the brotherhood of arms, has developed and
strengthened through the """ftj^teh ft
ending. The generations which follow us will
not let it become enfeebled. They will strive
to multiply the amicable relations and ex
changes of sympathy between the two shores
of the Atlantic and with us give a precious
pledge to the peace of the world and to prog
ress and humanity.
PARIS. July 4.— In the presence of the
President of the republic, M. Loubet; the
United States Embassador, General Hor
ace M. Porter, and a brilliant assemblage
of representative Frenchmen and the
most prominent members of the Ameri
can colony hore, the statue in honor of
General the Marquis de Lafayette, the
gift of the American school children to
France, was presented to the nation by
Ferdinand W. Peck, president of the La
fayette Memorial Commission, and was
accepted by President Loubet In behalf
of France. This latter fact constitutes
Eloquent testimony of the importance the
French Government attached to the occa
sion and its desire to enhance Its signifi
cance by having the President assume the
leading role in the exercises, for which
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Del
.casse, was originally designated.
The ceremonies occurred in the garden
of the Tuilleries.* The monument was un
veiled by two boys, representing the
schools of France and America, Gustav
Hennocque. great-grandson of • the Mar
quis de Lafayette, and Paul Thompson,
son of the projector of the monument.
After a few words by Paul Thompson
and the reading of the dedicatory poem
by Miss Voss, representing the Daugh
ters of the Revolution, Archbishop Ire
land delivered an address, and Mrs. Dan
iel Manning spoke on Lafayette and the
Daughters of the American Revolution.
Embassador Porter was president of the
day's exercises.
Address of Acceptance Is Made by
President Loubet and an Oration
Is Delivered by Arch
bishop Ireland.
Gift of the American School
Children to the French
Nation.
UNVEILING OF
THE STATUE OF
DE LAFAYETTE
And now, Lafayette, thy task is given thee.
Speak, we charge thee, the. .gratitude of Amer
ica to France; speak of the liberty for which
America and France once fought together and
which to-day they together cherish and uphold.'
Speak, we charge thee. through endless years:
through endleps years America's gratitude
shall last and liberty shall reign In America
and France.
own capital city, where meet the nations of the
earth, there will stand, with France's gracious
permission, an abiding interpreter of America's
gratitude to France for Her participation In
America's war, and of the principles of civil
and political liberty which were the life and
soul of that momentous struggle. Our Inter
preter, who shall It be? Who could it be. if
truth has rights, and merit has reward, but
Gilbert Motier, Marquis de Lafayette? Then
genius of art, we pray thee give us back the
form of our loved Lafayette. Bid him live
again in his otvn France to speak In America's
name to France and to the woHd. Who more
fittingly than Lafayette could be bidden ' to
speak to France the gratitude of America?
And who more fittingly than Lafayette could
stand forth before the world as the represen
tative of the principles of civil and political
liberty for which he and Washington fought?
The enemies of liberty he hated — absolutism in
Its arbitrary authority and anarchy In its
chaotic rioting. When the struggle in France
for liberty degenerated Into mad riot he cast
aside the leadership which he had taken in the
name of liberty, and which he could have' re
talned if he bore it in the name of lawlessness]
and he sought the. exile which ended for him
in th» prison of Olmutz. Absolutism and an
archy alike hate Lafayette as they alike hate
liberty: the friends of liberty love Lafayette as
they hate absolutism and anarchy.
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helshts
given are In addition to the soundings on the
Unl'ed States Coast Survey ¦ charts, except
when a minus elm (— ) precedes the heizht,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAT. JULY 5, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
CALL CALENDAR.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
#- — ; — -; : — : — : ¦ — *
United States Coast and Geodetic- Survey-
Times and " Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point; entrance to San
t Francisco Bay. .Published by official au
thority of the Superintendents— — .
NOTE — The hljth and low waters occur at
the city- front (Mission-street - wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 4.
NOTE— In ¦ the above exposition i of the • tides
the early , morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
tecond tlmt column Rives - the • second tide - of
the : day, the third time column the third tide
13
iun rlsea ,
iun sotB ..
.loon sfte,
flrsl
quarter..
.\'.\'.'.'.\'.\\'n:»"i
..4:53
..7:35
i. m.
' o Tlm«
».; H VT
6 ... ~b!m
L W
< ... 0:50
7 ... 1:38
8 ... 2:23
9 ... 8:07
10 ... 3:48
II... 4:30
F,
I.I
1.5
1.0
0.4
-0.1
-0.4
0.7
Time
Ft.
10:35 "Ti
H W
7:20 3.8
8:34 ¦ 3.4
9:35 3.6
10:23 4.0
11:07 4.4
11:46 4.6
Time '.. Time
Ft.
H W L. W
S:46 6.2 ......
L W H W
11:21 2.7 8:22
11:18 2.9 7:01
1:18 3.1 7:42
¦ MS 8.? 8:26
3:12 3.2 9:14
4:03 3.1 10:01
6.3
6.4
E.6
6.7
6.9
, 6.9
Ft.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
Panta Rosa. San Diego July 4. 11 amIPler II
North Fork Humholrtt I.Tuly 4. SamiPler *
Eureka ....lHumboldt.....|July 5. 2 pm|Pier 13
Walla Wal-ivio & Jr»i5t Sd.lJuly 6. 11 ami Pier u
Nome City.lCftpe Nome.. ..I July 5. lOaml
W. Kruger. Tillamook July 6, 3 pmjPter 2
Arcata Coos Bay July 6. 12 m Pier 12
Serapis Hamburg July 6, 10am|Pler 7
Coos Bay. ..(Newport July «. 9 am Pier 28
Curacao ...(Mexico July 7, 30 am Pier 11
Columbia . I Portland July 7. 11 am Pier 24
Orizaba Humboldt July 7, 2 pm Pier 9
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... July 7. 2 pm Pier 3-1
Corona .... San Diego July S, 11am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. iPolnt Arena.. July 9. 2 pm Pier 12
Del Norte..| Portland July 8 Pier 21
Acapulco .. N. Y. v. Pan.. Juty 9, 12 m PMSS
Nip. Maru. China & Japan July 10, 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd.lJuly 10. 11 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport (July 10. 9 am|Pler 11
ea
¦o
Columbia Portland July 5
Wellington Comox July 5
Warfleld .... Oyster Harbor July 5
W. II. Kruger.. San Pedro July 5
Orizaba Humboldt July 5
Crescent City... Crescent City July 5
Corona San Diego., July 6
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound July 6
Point Arena.... Mendotlno July «
Washtenaw Tacoma July 6
Progreso Tacoma July «
Titanla Nanalmo July 6
City n. Janeiro China and Japan July 7
Del Norte Portland July 7
Empire Coos Bay July .7
Tellus 1... Oyster Harbor July 8
Newport Xew X°rk July S
Ronita Newport July 8
North Fork ... Humboldt July 9
State of Calif.. iPortland July 9
Universe .-lOyster Harbor July 9
Willamette Seattle July 9
Slam Oyster Harbor July 9
Strathgylo China and Japan July 10
Santa Rosa San Dl?go |July 10
AUCTIQN SALES
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.
12O BATTERY STREET.
J. GOLLOBER. President.
Will Sell at Public Auction "?.
1530 TENTS! 1S50 T£HT3 1 15(50 TEKT8 !
ASSORTED.
ON PREMISES. 112 CLAY ST.. ON SATUR-
DAY. JULY 7, Rt 10 o'clock a. m.. In lots to
suit. On inspection Friday. July 6, from 2 to
5 p. m. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
¦ • ¦ ' Auctioneers. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
The New and Palatial* Steel Steamship
SENATOR
WILL SAIL PAOAf
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
ON OR ABOUT
JULY 8, AUGUST 6, SEPT. 6
Pasengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via other steamers,
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship C<r. haa
been running its steamers tp Alaska — winter
and summer — for 25 years and Is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. ' For further Information
Inquire of II. H. LLOYD. Ocean Dock. Seattle,
Wash.: N. POSTON. 243 Washington st.. Port-
land. Or.; W. PARRIS. «4 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.: GOODALL. PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery et., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
Steamers leave Broadway
fcw wharf. Pan Francisco: •
*^_m— . Kcr Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
WsSKstek Ju 'y in - 15 - :o - :5 - August
Sa&'SsaSv'H*. *¦ Change to company's steam-
|23i SW<\^^ ers at
S^SVBW vM F° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ES-J 2*g_a- C.). Pert Townsend. Seattle.
'"QBgM Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
and New V/hntcnm (-Wa.«h.) —
11 a. m.. July 10, 15. 20. 23.
30. August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
7. 12. 17, 22. 27, August 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Ansceler) and Newport—
9 a. m.. July «, 10. 14, 18, 22. 28. 30, August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. stoDDlng only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angifles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., July 8. 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, August 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (.Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month..
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the- right to change
steamers, sailing datas and hours of salting
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10. Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I D O_R,TI J^_.ISr_D
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CAUC $12 first Class •nciuding Bsrti
I HiiC $8 Second Clasi and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
i July 12, 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Aug. 6
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
V 630 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m —
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1300
Si?. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1D00
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 13, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fo>-
freight and passage -apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
SOHPAONIE GEN2RALE T3ANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j-,_
Sailing every Thursday instead of <£jF,?£iffi\
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99, at J *-* k
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. July 12: LA BRE-
TAGNE. July 19; LA CHAMPAGNE. July 28:
LA TOURAINE. August 2. Fimt claS* to
Havre. JS2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $50 and upward; 5 per tent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AOENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FTGAZI & CO., Paclftc Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON), CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37 B'dw'y. N.Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. corner Bansome. S. F.
BAY AND Biy-g^jTEAMTlBS^
AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15,-8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IOCS.
FARE SOc
KAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 22, 19Ct.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »»:30. »:30. 11:00 m. m.;
12:«. •!:«. »:13, 4:15, •6:15, «:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •3:00. »»:00. •10:00. 11:00. ll:»
a, m.; 13:45. *l:30. 1:30, *3:4S. C:00. 6:00. 7:2»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
v**>s.
\ Trains marked (•) run to £in Qutntln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCT8CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:J5. »6:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:U a.
m.: 1I:W>. 1:15. »:_, «3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at.*S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*:-. *t:W. »9:50. •11:00a. m. : •_:(*
ra.: l:C0. 2:13. '3:30. 4:30. •«;_, 1:45. 7:30. 10:— i
p. in. ¦
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:53. C:45. «:00, 8:5*. 10:M a.
in.; »:33. 1:45. 2:43. J:30. 4^0. 8:20 p, ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '7:10 and 10:20 p. m_
SUNDAYS — 8:35. 3:05. 10:05. 11:19 a. m.: U:li
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
?:00 a. m. week days— Tazadero and way sta-
tions. .
1:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way •ra-
tions. *
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except ti)—
Point Reyes and way stations. v
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. !.-.-¦. , •
lt:4S p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. .
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
— -FROM—'*
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
AND BOSTON.
The finest, fastest and best equipped trflln
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for FUDerlor accommodations.
• ROSS C. CLINE. T. C. P. Agt.
Los Anzeles. Cal.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt..
St. Louis. Mo.
J^RAVEIu_
09*jTf_-B~ t>-«Ti-ic reanax
lr*cirin *v*tem.)
Tratma ««¦»»» «• »«•¦> -»"• •!«• •» «rrJ/» m%
MAN »-« »N«-ist «».
{Slain Liiie. Foot or .\l»r!;el S3re«t,l
lkayk — 7r.ou Mat 13. 1300. — aKEI|»
•7:00a B9nicia_Snlsan, Elrair*. Yasaifl_.
['.uravr jiuI a»criinni^> *Ti»3»
•7:»U» Shswta Kxorew— Datis. Williams (far
Itsrtlett Spting>X Will.jw*. Ke\i
. Blufl. rWUuwi -i4»»
•7:.~:»4 Maitiuet.Man Ka:non.V_!«jo. Kap*»
C»!iiti>K* »nd S»nt» Ru«a *0>'3r
•»:Oi»* Datia, Wootlland. Kui^hU Ltodluff.
W_-j«wi:io. 4)rotill». ••Ji*3»
•»:0O* AUaalte Kzpreu— Uedau^nd E_«l •11;I5«
• ai::ii4 Ma:i Jute. LiTcrtnutir, stocks.. u,
loue, Haeisiiirnto. FUimilla,
M-rjifi!'-. Ciiicn. IUh! Hiult *4iiat
•KiSOa (><'<'.»!-. Chiaeaa (tor Yua«— iteX
B ,nt r-v Ctturi. *l«l»r
•0:OO* U-ij»»f.l«. >;i-««n.l Way S-j.lii.tn. •¦ 1:4.1.
•UiOO* Loa An^slea fixpreu — ilarttiwt,
Tracy. Latliro^, rtiockton. Mere ¦«!
and Fresno »«jl3f
•!»::!<»« VallM... Mulinex ami W«» tiUtlona •»:•.¦»»
•l»:u»4 Tb« Ote-Uml LI i.iie.l— OsJeu. Uon-
»er, Uinaluk. •h:c»<i •»:*.¦»»
•ll:OOi Nllra. l.i>~more. tttoekton. S»c»
ai--ii» Mcnduta, llaufuiJ. Vlaalix
PtiTlerTilla MllSf
•¦•l:fto* IUjvaxils. Niln »ml Way Hutlona. ¦¦« •¦"•»
tl:OUp HacrtuuciHCo Ulitrritmiurn t.Vou*
•3:O«r IUjw»rd«. Nllrs »u<J Way 8tsUon«. 'JiMr
•4:«>nr M^iriiiiex. M«i> lUmui.. V.llejo.
N»pa. OmlUtnxn. Miu'.t* Kola *tf!ia*
•liour Ueoleia, Wtatert. 8aeran«q«o,
Wctxllaud. KuUtiU LisdlJj.
M.ryatUU. Orotiiia •••:<»_
Mtaor N««, Hu Jimiad SUkAiod •7iia»
•SsOOpTka Owl Umlted— Tracr. Fiesntx
lUkeriSoM. .Saii<tn for Santa Uar-
¦ bars. Iios Anicl«s. '•rlS*
•SiOOr Fresno I'auenzer— MarUnrs. Lath-
to\\ Stooktoa, Mrrce.l. lSeread*
(itsyiuood tor Tom— it«X r««i..... •!»«!•»
•8i3*P Hew iilft _ Express— lu.k»r»i'"»M.
HaJiU UariiMa. 1*m Angetca, Dem-
In?. El i'uo. Ns* Oritaua and
Kut ••»«*
•lillrHinU •*• UuuK— AU— illo KxpraM
for Muj«f. mml Kul •«»:I3»
••¦oar n»r-»^l». MluaiiatlM Ja»i *?•»*
(•¦••r V»ll«;» *13il3v
•mo»r Oriental Mai 1-Ofdca, Ciejecnt.
Otnaha. Chtcsr* •lli«*
*«jOOrOrl«nt— M-i— Ogdsn. Dantar.
OmaAa. Cbioago. *4ill»
t?>«Op V»llclu, Port C'oita and Way Sta-
tions. l»«»3r
•SiOBr Oregim and California Kipr«ss.Na«.
i>4iii«iilu. Mar)«>ill«. itcMlw^.
IV.ill.n.1. I'ug.t *<».»...l »i..l Kaaa *«*l»a
COAST DIYIXJOJI (N.rrii.t !,>.,(),
(Fot.t of M»rk>> Strwt.>
t7r4S« Santa' Crns Excursion for 8«nU
Cruz and 1'rincii/*! Way SUtioiu JSiMr
•SiISa Mew— ¦k.t,Vntrrti:ie..-J»iiJ<«io. Kolton.
lioul<ler Crr.»..-(m..l*Cri.i »od Way
BUdous ••:«•»
|3il.1r Ktntl. CeufrtHK S»n Jom, Naw
Almadso, Iftltoc. Ooulilar Crsak,
8ant» Crux and I'riiiciptl Way
8uUot>« ti»i««a
•¦Isl.ip Newark. Han .I«o, Loa Oatna *a\4*«a
atiiap Glfnwood. Falton. P»nia Cru» «»:»«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaltl FlilCISCO— »»«l *r XmtUl SUi.l(S!i»S)—
•7.15 »GO J1004.M. 11:03 *3:33 13:00
•i«3 18:C3 •e:C3r.M.
rnaOHUIB— fiat •rgrujair.— "fl:00 8:00 10:004.-,
t!2:M *1:C3 t2:83 »3:fl: l«:03 'liZrA
COAST UlTISlin mrn>iiliiu^).
(Ihlnl at.d Townaenii SU.)
r«>l«A Ocean View. Houtb Ian Fntndseo.. t«iM»
t7:0«* Han Jaaa «>••! U»» SUtioiia (New
A>iu«(lei> ft>liie«U»» »uly) •liM*
t7tSO<t 8nnd»r Exeuraion for Saa Jose,
Hant» Cnz. Pacific C.rota and
Principal Way Hutiou 19:83*
•ttioo* Mao Jose. Trea VUum, NiUtU Crua.
I'MiKa lirim. r»n> ItuUca. Han
v - l.uia OI>U|h>. f'ttt. Loinpoe auu
1'rincliml \T«» MuiiniK •«:l«r
•IO1IO4 Ban Jose anil VTaj MUtluna •»!*»*¦
*lli3O« &anJo«*.Loaaatoa»i<d\Viti.SUtioi l a *3:3UP
fii S.» r San M»t»o, Kilwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa C'iara. -S»n .!..«».
Trea Pino*. Kant* Cm*. SaUaaa.
Mon:«trj »::r( Paeilie OroT« M»: : »"»
faiz»r «an Jose and W>r Ktitiohi *7:3»r
M:ISr San Jos-amJ Principal Way Stations Itlll
tSiOOrfian Jo«r. Loa Uatos aud friucij*!
Way SUtions 1»:l»«»
•SiSop Sao Jnaa %n<l I'rlneipal Way Scatlont IMsSt*
*«t3Or Saa Jom and W.y .itatimia fi:(ii» t
»ll;45r San Joieaiil Way Htatioiia »?:3l>r
A for Morniui P for Aftemnon.
'Dally. t ."jmi'1%y neeptrd X Sunday only.
ft Saturday only.
• fctai—yy and Sun.Ur c SitodaJ an4 H— — U».
Santa Fe
Trains
Go To
Antloch — 9 A H 4:10PM 8PM
BakersfiEld. -9 AM 8 PM
Chicago ....9 AM
Denvsr 9 AM
Fresno-. /..9 AM 8 PM
Hantord.... 9 AM 8 PM
Jcliet 9AM
Kansas City.. 9 AM
Leavenwortb- SAM
Merced 9AM 8PM
Newton.... 9AM
Phoenix-... 9 AM
Stockton... -9 AM 4:10 PM 8pm
Tulare 9AM 8PM
Visalia 9AM 8PM
Williams — 9 AM
A NewJRoute.
.28 Market Street and Ferrj Depot.
94108
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSBB
SAN FRAKCISCO AHD> NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAJ*A__.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0C. 11:00 a. in.: 12:33.
I:»). 5:10, «:S0 p. n. Tbnrsdaya— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Satort-tys— Extra trips at 1:M
and ir.30 d. m.
6VNDAT8— *:06. »:ta. 11:00 a. m.: 1_^ S:M.
8*00 C*30 o. m*
SAN RAFAE3* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
'VTET.K DAYS— «:W. T:5fll, »:20. 11:10 a. m.; Vt:O.
t:0. »:15 p. m. Batunlaya— Extra trts» u
1:ES and 1:35 o. m.
BVNDAT3— 8:J0. »:«. U:» a. m.: litO. 1:4^
1:06. «:I5 p. m.
Between Han Francisco and Scaaotzen, Park
¦ame schedule aa above.
. Leave j In ESect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1900.1 San yranclaca.^
Week I Saa- I 1 8ua- I Wee*
Days. | days, f rxtlnatloa.1 day. ) Daya.
T:30 am 8:00 cm Novatc* 10:«0 am] 1: 40 aa»
t:»ptn »:30am Petaltuna. *:05 pm 10:K am
|;Upm t:0Opm Santa Roia. 7;Spm, »:»pia
FtUton. I
I JO am Windsor. 10:2-1
Healdaburr.
O»ys«rvine.
t:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 ptn 6:20 pna
7:30 ami I Ropland I |10:£< am
1:20 peal 8:00 am( and LTciah. | 7:S5 pm| «:*Q pa
T-30am - I j 10:25 am
S:CO aja Cuemeville.! 7:33 pm'
l:S0gm - . . t I <:20 pa
7-30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am S:40ana
1 and i
i:10 pm|'5:00 pm Olen Elltn. I 8:C5 pm *:20 pm
7:30 am 8:C0am| . 110:40 am!J0:K ara
t:SO pm 5:C0 pm! Sebastcpol. I 7:33 pmj S:tt pin
Btaxea connect at Santa Rona for Mark TV««t
Spring* and White Sulphur Sprlnss: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lrtjton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle tor Skajxs Sprints: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hoplani for D«n?aa
SprlnRS. Highland Springs. Keiseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda P*y. Lwkeport and Cartlett
Eprinss; »t Cklah for Vichy Sprlnra. Saratoga
Sprlnss, Bl'je 1. *:e5. Laurel V*\l Lake. Witter
Er*lnxs. Uppor Ij»ke. romo. Potter Valley,
Jphn Day*«, Riverside. Ll^r!ey*«. Bucknell's,
Banhe/ tn Helehts. HallvIUe. Orr'« Hot
Brrlnss. Mecd.-wlno City. Fort Brazsr. West-
port Csal. 'Wnilrs. La Ttonrllle. Cnnuaina.
Ecll's Sprl^ta, Harris. Olsen" a. Dyer. Scotia
and Eurefca.
Saturday to Mrnday round trio tickets it
redveed ratea.
On Sand.ir mend trip ticketa to all points
beyond San Rafa»l nt half rate*.
Ticket nfflec*. «0 Market at.. Chrcnlrle t'Ag.
ii. c. wninxo: r. x. p.tan*.
General Manaxfr. Gen. Past. AsenL
MOUJTT TAMALPAI5 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Saesallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. 9:30 a. m.. 1:4> and 5:Ij p ra.
SCNDAT8....S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:3U p. ra.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. *t 4ft.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPSS.
jT. Dr.JUibbon's Dispensary,
_K»«3»_^*"^*' ft;EAlilS1 * 1 *'*- ISse»— Hsb«l
Wi V v^ ln l '* 31 tor tn«>trentmen:of Private
i^J-fW Wsi Ito^xse:! Lost .Mantjixxi D»«bili:y or
ey^jfifea disease ve»rtng on body and mind and
>14tf« ! j"*-*X2 s!iln I'i^aiws. lfce-loctorcur^whm
-N^jSt _*"_ "tberslaJi. fry him Chnr?«» iow
i*%*i5^CK_3 *'t»r«-« inarnnlrr i. Callorwrlta
Or.J< *"- ulisno>. Box i937.San Kraac— co
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yeac
Grush. beloved husband of the late Margraret
Grush. father of Frederick J. and Arthur G.
Crush, nnd brother of Annie I... Grush. a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 52 years.
Cyi'ric-nds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at : o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Jarrten McManus. Seventh and Castro
Etro*'t.«. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oaklar.d.
HACKETT— In this city. July 2, 1M!O. Fatrick
Hackett, beloved husband of the late Kate
Hackett. and father of Thomas. Nc-llie, Lo-
rctta and Kiitie Hackett. a native of County
Waterfoid. Ireland, aced 60 year?.
tr^Trier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thi»rsJav>, at 1 o'clock, fr6m his Int.? resi-
dpnee. Kl <^iara Ftreet. thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, whrre servicos will be held at
3:50 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEX3CKR— In this city. July 3. 13C*. PY^ericIc
E.. l*lwod hUKband of Catherine Helmer,
lather of MinnlP, F.thrl. Charles Elsie and
Dorothy Heln'er, brother of Mrs. Al Brown
and Mrs. Amife Davis, and nephew of F. E.
UclmfT, a native ot Kl Dorado County. Cal.,
ape«1 33 yfars 11 months and 13 days.
ETFrier.ds nnd acjuair.tance5 are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, fr<->m the parlors
of thr ; I'r.Ked Vndertakpr*. n and 2$ Fifth
FtrePt. Interment Cypress Uwn Cemetery-
LIXDEXAU— Tn this city. July 4. l?00. George
EmoFt, dearly beloved husband nf raise Lin-
rienau. falhcr of Arthur. M. Ernest and H.
JUidoirh Lindcnau. brother of Agnes Pest and
Arthur Lindenau. son-in-law of Katherine
Winter, and brothrr-in-law of Moritz. Henry
and BernhanH Winter, a native of West
• I'ruFfla, Germany, aged 37 years and 4
months.
I/JTGHBOnOVGH- In this city. July 4. 1900.
i Alexander Zane I»usM>orough. beloved son
of MarUnna /Cane I^oushborou^h and the late
Alexander Hamilton Loughborough, a native
of DaHiinnre, ,Md\. aged S3 years 5 months
and 25 days. '
C7"Frien.1s and acquaintances are respeci •
fully invited tn nttcr.d the funeral to-morrow
cFrt'day). at 10 o'clock, from his late rosi-
j «Jrnc». " lU^O O'FarrcIl etreet. thence to Ft.
Mary's Cath'draJ. where a recjuiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
! Cempter;-.
1 LYNCH— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospital.
! July 4. ltwn. M*.ss Kllcn Lynch, a native of
1 ThilaiMphia, ased F-o years.
OLIVEJt— In this city. July 4. 1P00. Mrs. Min-
erva 9i f>Iiver. beloved mother of Mrs. R. A.
Ftrout. Mrs. James Hiddolph and I. M. and
K. A. Chipman. a native of Wellflec-t, Mass.,
a^ed T2 years S months and 22 days. (.Boston
!#pcrs j.iease copy.)
REYNOLDS— In this city. July 2. 1300. Wil-
liam T.. beloved husband cf Julia S. Rey-
nolds, a'nd father Of K. W. and Frank P.
F.eynolds, Agnes F. Gibbs and Elizabeth
Thomrcon, a native of Massachusetts, aged 77
years and IS months.
(TTTriends and p.cquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
TernrlP. "under the auspices of California
Lr-dce N'o. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
*<-nic Ceir.etrrj-.
nYCE-ln this city, July 3. l!>00. Andrew C.
Rye*, beloved husband of Manraret W. Ryce.
find father of Mrs. J. R. Ilaird. Mrs. T. P.
H. Whitelaw. Mrs. It. Krr.nedy. J. W. Ryce.
Mrs. W. L. Jones and Mrs. D. Frleland. a
native of Scotland, a?»»d 71 years.
CiyThe fur.pral will take place to-morrow
i Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter. Mrs. T. P. H. Whitelaw. 631
Harrison Etreet. Friends are cordially in-
vited. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SCHl'LL— In this city. July 4. 1^0. Rosalie,
relict of the 1st? Valentine Fchull. and be-
loved mother of Mrs. S. A. Jones, a native of
AlFace. aeed T2 years and 7 days.
ICyFriend.* and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
If-ilsted & Co., 546 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
STEIN*— In West IJerkeley. July S. 1900. Cath-
erine Stein, beloved wife of Henry Stein, and
' mother of Henry C. Ste-in. Mrs. Chris HofT,
Mr*. Jennie Peckharn and the late Ellse
I-tyler. a native of Orenburg. Germany, ased
75 yeare ? months and 4 jys.
CfTTrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:C0 o'clock, from the. funeral
parlors <<t H. F. Maass. &17 Mission street,
i Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I ST.' DOMINIC S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
| ceasp<1 members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents anj
1 relatives of the living members, will be suns
. In St. Dominic's Church this day (Thurs-
day), at 5 o'cl^ick.
| REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: City and County of -San Francisco to John
i II. Ururings. lot on S line of McAllister street,
j 1S2:6 W of Larkin. T ,V S6:S by B 120; $ .
! Henry Osborne to Catherine Osborne, lot on
j N line of Golaen Gate avenue. 5u W of liaker
; street. W l\i by N I'*; gift.
I Samuel J. and Lillian M. Eva to William J.
I Eva. lot on E lir.e of Afhbury street, 76:6 X
j cf Frederick, N 2-> by E 100; $10. x •
I Same to James M. Eva. lot on E line of Ash-
i bury street, il:6 N of Frederick, N 25 by E 100,
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Sholom and
I Esther Silvers'ein, lot on S line of Page street,
112:6 W of Ashr-ury. W 25 by S 112:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Eliza-
beth Lord, lot £0, block 3, Marion Tract (.Hos-
pital lot); J10.
I Bessie E. and Sidney M. Smith to Ellen Dona-
hue, lot cn SW line of Rincon place, UK) NW of
Bryant. NW 25 by SW 112:6: S10.
John B. Gonyeau and American Surety Com-
pany of New York to Alrr.eda S. Gonyeau, lot
on W line of Seventh avenue. 262:6 S of 1
street. S 37:6 by W 120; $10.
Edward and Elizabeth Ewald to Edward L.
Montgomery', lot on NE corner of Eleventh
8 venue and Q etreet. N 300, E liO. S 200. E 12:6.
S rtO. W 122:6; $10.
William H. T. and Annie A. Bracken to
Margaret Moran. let on N line of Sagamore
Ftret-t. 300 E of Capitol. E 23 by N 125, block
li. Railroad Homestead; $V50.
T. M. Haydock to Rudolph Muller. rerecord
IS« D. SS6. lot i 1 . block 41. Sunnyside; $10.
Jacob and Metta Rieper to Ludwig Camen-
zlna, lot on SE line of Wyoming street. 255 NE
cf Sickels. NE 50 by SE 107, block 9. West End
Map 2; «l0.
Frederic G. Mergenthaler to Mathilde J. Ger-
hardt (wife of L. J.) and Juliette M. Mergen-
) thaler, lot on E line of Blake (or Ferrie) street.
200 S of Point Lobos avkjiue. S 50 by E 120, N
I 23 W 120 quitclaim deed; $1.
Mathilde J. Gerhardt (wife of It. J.) to I-uiei
Devincenzi. lot "on E line of Blake (or Ferrie)
Etreet. 200 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 2o by E
120; JEOO.
Juliette M. Mergenthaler to Antonio Demattei.
lot on E line of Blake street. 223 S of
Point Lnbos avenue. S 25 by E 120; »o00.
Jane Bates to Anna S. Condon, undivided one-
eighth lot on N line of Pine street, 135 \V «pf
Larkin. W 25 by N 137:6; cift.
Abbie B. Smith to Ida V. Dyer, lot on W line
of Larkin street, 110:6 N of Green. X 27 by W
IJ7:6; 1 year, 6 per cent; 11000.
John and Gabrielle' G. Traynor to Margaret
Broderick. lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue,
100 E of IK-visadero Ftreet, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Hazel M. and Carl C. Gross to Minnie H.
Brown, lot on N line of Green street. 137:11'^ W
of Scott Rtreet. W 27:00H by N 137 :«; $10.
Gertrude K. Bowers to William Keith, lot on
N lire of Washington street, 58:9 \V of Lyon, W
2S.9 by N I«_!4; $im
Thomas G. Andrews to Bertha Morris, lot on
E lir.e of First avenue. 40.63 S of McAllister,
S 2r.:l by E 100. K0. N 25 by W 97:5.44; $10.
William C. Spencer (trustee) to William M.
MorKon. lot on E line cf Stevenson street, 170
I« of Fourteenth street, r» 34 by E 65; $10.
William Tonjes to Hermann IX XlehauK. lot
on N line of Twenty-second Etreet, 75 E ot
York. E 50 by N 07:6; J10.
L. R and Fanny C. Holmes to John C. Mul-
ligan, lot cn E line of Guerrero 6treet. 621:5^8
of Twenty-fourth street; also 37:5 S of Twenty-
fifth. S 25 by E 125: $2250.
Twinkling Star Improvement Company to
Su?=an M. Blumenberp. lot on E line of Stock-
ton Btreet, £3:6 N of Jackson. E SO by N 34; $5.
Tiirolhy and Mary J. Kenney to Luis) Cor-
siglicL. lot on X lln*? of Chestnut street, 137:6 W
Of Stockton. W 34 by X 137:6; $10.
Walter H. Llnforth nnd Charles M. Judd
{trustee*) and Ruby A. Hoot to Annie Driscoll
(wife of J. J.). lot on NW corner of Geary and
Jones street. W 37:6 by X S7:6; $50,000.
Jame« V. Coleman to Charles Lee Tilden. re- ;
cord 1M3 D. 307. lot on XE line of Main street, :
137:6 SH of Fclsom, BE 137:8 by NE 275; $10.
Mary E. Verlejfcr and Alice C. Ball to Rob-
ert Dalziet. lot on NW line of Minna street. 250
XE of Second. N_ 25 by XW SO; $10.
Paul M. and lienriettc Consonno and C. Ad-
rienne and M. Lucie Hermann to Michael Flah-
erty, lot on SE line of Natoma street, 250 NE of
Sixth. NE 23 by SE 75; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Charles
E. end Ida Brown. Ir.t -m W line of San Bruno
avf-nuo (Nebraska). 237:« S of Marlpoea street,
S ZS by W 100; $10,
Av ill lam B. and Bertha E. Tarks to Cyrus
Clravp!. lot on \\ line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
121 N of A street. X 70 by W 120; »5.
A:b~rt Meyer to Caroline Schmolck {wife of
EmUj. lot on IV line of Eighteenth avenue, 200
S cf li Rtreft. S 25 by \V 120; $10.
Alameda County.. .
Oakland Bank of Savings to Thomas ~E., Han-
eon, lot on NE corner of Fourteenth an3 Clay
ttre^tf, E VV) by N 103:9. block B, City Hail
Tract, Oakland: HO.
Frederick D. and Emilia Talt to Rudolph D.
Jiintfsten. one acre S of Glen avenue, distant
HE 1!2.34 from XW line of lot 1. map of lands
of Brooklyn Land Company, thence SE 112.34.
SW 350. XW 112.34, NE 3S9.10 to beginning.
Oakland; $750.
J. L. and Hattle B. Doble to Edward Mc-
Nulty. lot 47. block F, Christlanla Tract, Oak-
land Township t $25. /
Edith R. and Peter Koch to Henry Mohr, lot
on 8 line of Alden avenue or Twenty-ninth
etreet. 340 W of Grove. W 60. S 2S0, E 25, N
149, E 25. N 140 to beginning, being lots 3, 10
and 11. block D. on Map of Henry subdivision
of Whitcher, Brockhurst and Roland Tracts,
Oakland; fin. -
Mathias Hefty to Roslna Hefty, lot on E line
of Franklin street. 75 N of Fifth, N 25 by E 75,
bcine lot 4, block 1A, Oakland: gift.
June Bambrldge (formerly Dwyer) to John!
C. Rogers, **ot on W line of Whitney street,
.18.64 S of Woolsey, 8 H4.ee, W 101.S8, N 162.73,
W 20, N 29.42. E to beginning, being lots 18 to-
21. and fi portion of lots 13. 14 and 15, map of
Berkeley Park. Berkeley: $10.
MurjiliV-. Grant & Co. (Adam and Joaeph r>.
Grant. Huph L. Whipple and Henry Xorris,
comprising the firm of Murphy, Grant & Co.)
to Julia fi.-fianborn (wife of A. H.). lot 1«,
block I). Map cf Property Berkeley Homestead
Association. Berkeley; $10.
Jane Jewell (widow) to same, lot on 8 line of
Forrest avenue, 430:6 E of Center street, E 61:6
by S 102:5, being lot 15, block D, Map of Prop-
erty Berkeley Homestead Association, Berkeley;
J10. - • ,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DEKliBI-EV XtCAL ESTATE.
Hi'V: NEW moJprn house of 6 rooms, hath-
!"x-m v.n<~. tMwnSxyi hardwood finish: 1 biock
from li-ii^rFtty cn<1 Ik-rkeiey btatton. See
nmcmr »t lf-11 AiZimrm ft.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
i hFiCH— 111S BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD ItlCAL ICSTATE.
j;i^ '"A.~li: i3-.>-ntMy payment* as law rent till
it'! Ur: rjoJem r.cw ccttase of 4 rooms.
taih. pwtiy, riosf-tf. high basement, brick
'¦ur.ilalion; nil f*m-»"d: fine well of water, all
r.rrt dot; i nn«- lots. o:;o a comer: price, all
li l«. ISSN CUT water if iesirca; rtreft maea'l-
nniirr-ri; r.ic? hemet a!l around: near 3 lines of
electric roatfs and fine scboolhouM an! stidi
Hvorj-jc; no ic*s or cold winds l:crc: Aiien-Jale
Tract, adjoining r:a«t Oak'and. Can or *<>nri
'. r circular. 455 Seventh t-t.. -r.par cor. Broa«i-
wnv. iiak'.anti: carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
nwnrr
ri'UMMlUU ItOOMS.
I PP.nTTlI.T fern, eunr.y front rms.: private
rainiljr; nr:rt<-cratiC r.c.chbcrhaod- all mo-l
Irr.jv.; c«f ani eUc. Ufbts: t rr.'.n. walk (roni
1 road or narrow rau^p stations; rpftned e^n-
tlTM^n dcrtrei; would probably "hoard, i
It nn Pf «— »abt». ?>.x is?«. <~aJl efflc-e.
OAKLAND FrBMTlRE F()a SALt-f.
AN introduction to ycu from H. Sphellhaait the
Turr.it uri> «!«•¦'. >r. :)ti< and Frnnklin. Oakland.
DIVIDKM) SOTICES.
Kar.k ot San i'renctsco. At a regular m»et- |
ire of the Ilr^rd of I?irectors of this bank, j
h-:<J July 3. 1-m>. a d:\ldenJ v.as declared for i
ill* ha^r y^ar ending June CO. IMA, at the rat* i
of E e\en »7) per cent r*r annum, payable on j
uiid after the l«th intt. TranFf^r books will
lx> cUisr-i 'rora the IKh to t'.ie iCth.lnst.. both
<iaye Jnc]usive. GEOKGE OKANT.
July Z. VV). • Srcretar}-.
UIVIPENI) notice.— THE GIANT IK)\VDEU
COMPANT. CON. A dividend. No. 19. cf sev-
enty-five cents <"*-^ j>er *hare on the lssue^l
capita.! Ftock ol S^ftjpmpanjr has been de-
clared r'ayat'.e at T*I«- office of the company.
410 California Ftreet. San IYanclsco. on JWy
!0lh. 1900. Transfer books c!cf=e July id. IS*,
et noon. A. A. tiPAKKS.' Secretary.
THE Oaottottttmi Building and Loan Associa-
tion, comer of California and Sar.nome st«..
for the half vcar er.dir.R June 30. 12'jO. has Je-
t iar^d a «5tv<<Jcr.d r.i a per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits: 6 per cei.t on term <ie-
posiu; 10 per ct-nt to Clacs "F" Etock. and _
per <.tr.t to O!a?s "A/'
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDaE. President.
WILLIAM COItBLV. Secretarj"-
DIVU'ENI) Nctice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montpomer>' f-t.. Mills bu'.Uiins. For the half
rear ending Jon* sc. UOtt, dividends cn term d?- i
{¦ositsai thercteof three andsix-t-mhs »3 C-1C)
ycr cent jht annum and cn ordinary Jepcpits
«t the rate of three <2) per cent per annum.
free of tiv<s, viill be p&yatle on anJ arter
July 2. 1S0O.
< S. L. ABDOT JR.. Eecretan--
HUMBOLDT Savincs and Ix-an Society is
Gea'y tt.— The directors have declared th*'fol- '
lowirir temi-anr.usl dividends: 3.60 per cent j
r«r sxnum r.r. term and 3 per cent jj»r an- i
i-.urr cn ordJnatT dpp.-.rits. payable cn and i
»'ht July S. I'.-'-'t. EP..VEST HP.AND. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for ararcj.)5— Depot QuartPrmas-
*er's <ifnce. S*i New Monteomery t-tre->t. San I
Kram-iscn. Cal.. Jalj- 5. li«». Sealed pnTposals, i
in (iuilicate. will be received at thi« office un-
til U o'clock a. tn.. July Z\. l&0-\ Pacific
f tan-iard l\nr.e. and then opened for furnish- j
inp 5* erarpjoK cornpleV. and extra parts.
Preferf-nre will f»e Er;v<>n to articles of domes-
tic iroduction and manufacture, conditions j
of rrk-e and quality being equal (including in !
tlje p"-icf- of forf-ign production and manufac- j
tur* the duty thereon>. and such preferen>-e '
wiij fve priven to articles of American produc- !
tioa ani manufacture produced on the Pacific '
C ast to the e'Xter.t of the consumption re- i
«i;!re<J by the put. lie service there. The United 1
Ft ate? reserves the right •• or reject i
an-- or al! prr.pc?a!p cr any part thereof. !
Ir.ffmistion and blanks for proj>osals will •
be furnished on eppli^aUon. Envelopes con- :
tair.'ny prop^ralg will J>e endorsed "Pro- j
I sals tor A;iarejos. No. 5567." and addreseeil j
to Major OSCAIt r. LONG. Qutrtcrrcaster
f . B. Vols.. Depot yuartermaEter.
rnorOFALS will be received at the Bureau of i
fujrllcs and Accounts. Navy L»epartm«>nt. I
U'aucbtnctoa.- D. C. until 12 o'clock n-x>n. July I
"4, I960, and publicly opened imme<ii«tcly j
th.-r« > sft< 1 r. to fuiui»=h at the Navy-yard. Mare j
Jslartr. Cal., a quantity of boiler tubes. ri\-J^, j
ri';'p. steel p'ate-F. fteel Fhapes, hardware., j
f-iectric blowers, wire rr.at«. drawing instru- I
meat*. h*\v.ne. tools. Fh^et gum, hose, (raupes, i
j'lpe fltt'njr?. r.ick«>l rtlrer tubes, oitra. i
p.-.tishir.p material, chemicals, iron armonjt j
<-"n4<;it an-i fittinir?. wire and cables. 'i '¦'.*'.. a \
rrr.poraly will be furniFhed upon applicat* m j
t?- thf Bureau cr to the Navy Pay Office. San 1
Fran-isc.-). ral. A. E. KENNY. Paymaster
«;^n«r&l r. S. X.
BIBTHS—M&BRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. ir.arrtKre an<l death notice* sent by
mail HU1 nn be inserted. They murt be handed
tn at either of the publication offices ana be
Jnanrpei with the name and residence cf per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
KAELIN-In ih'.s city, to the wife of W. C.
Kaelin, a daughter. « •
MITAU-In this city. July 4. 1300. to the wife
ot Mrrris M:tau, a ton.
maeeied] ;
IIUURT— BliTAN— In this city. July 4 1900
by the Rev. I*r. John A. H. Wilson. 'William !
Allison Harry »n«l jC"i<n-a Bryan, both cf CIo-
vis. Fre«no County, Cal.
SlATHFIl-ROnERTP-In this city. June 3-\
l!»0e. by the Kev.»Jchn Stephens. Equier r'
Mather and Gertrude L. Roberts, both of San
FrsRr:?in.
BICHTHK-Hl-MPHRET-In this city, Julv 4
O«b tar the Rev. l> r . John A. B". Wilson.
FraiK H. Itirhter and Estella Beatrice Hum-
Ihrey. },. th of Pan Francieco.
DIZ_T
Atwood. r^t. cha*. Loughborough, Alex-
IJaudencistcl. Augaft ander Z.
K^uet. Andrew L>-nch. Miss EUen
Donovan. John Oliver. Mrs. Minerva
Gladwin. Kmily A. P.eynolds. T.
Grueh. Henrj' Ryc». Andrew C.
IJackctt. Patrick FchuII. Rn«aJle
He:mer. Fref^rifk n. Stein. Catherine
Ljnder.au, Oeaxsc E.
ATnOOD-On boar" bark<>ntin» Encore, Julv
3, DHL Captain rharlf-s II. Atwood. beloved
hUFband oTMrj, Jtr.r.ie A. Atwood. a native
Of Nfw lork Siato. -* e «4 u years & months
end 2 days.
C^TFriendi" ar/<3 acrjuairtances ar<» respect-
fully invited to atterd the funeral eervlces
this Cay n'hursday), at ; o'clock at his
1st* rrtidenre. tiZl Teleicraj-h avenue. Berke-
ley. Cal. Friends from Pan Francisco gel off
train at r>wieht way Ftation.
EA('DI;XD1STEL-In thin city. July 3. ltlOO.
Aurust. dearly beloved boti of Frank L. and
Ar.na Baudendistel. ar.d brother of Frank and
Anna IJaudendintel. a native r<f Pan Fran-
cJyco. antd 3 years 3 months and 4 dayR.
C7Friends «n<I anjuain tariffs «re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tlM» day
(Thursday*, st 2 oYl.Tfk, from the rpsiden"?
of his parents. 1250 Kearoy Ftre»t, between
c,r<?n nnd Vallejo. Interment Laurel Hill
Cerrtett n\ ' '. -
BO?Q!'ET- In this city. July 4. ISO". Ar.drew.
<3<»Rrly bMoved h'JFban-1 of Anna M. lios'ju't,
ar.d father of Mrs. Emile Portal of i^anta
i'lara. and Josephine C. Bosquet, a native of
itwntrcal. Canada, axed O years 8 months
and 21 days. «San Jvre r>«P«*rB please co;.y.)
C^TFriendK «re ref ixK-tfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 11CS Oough
ftr«^t. thf ace to Ft. Mary's Cathedral. Van I
Ness averue and TFarrell streets, for eerv- !
Iffe. Int»j-m«nt Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DOXOVAN-In this city. Juiy 4. 1J»"O, John. |
bdOTed huyliSrif 1 , of thf late Mary Donovan,
and father of Thomas, Minnie. 7—RJ— and the
late Juiia, John and MaKgie Donovan, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, ased years.
«SgTi .Tr>y- refers pieare copy.)
CtTTrier.ds and acq/aintanccs are respert-
fnlly invite/J to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at l«:3ft o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, f.lin Mrannan street, thence to St.
Hope's Church, whire a solemn requiem mass
•w-iil tx- ctjebrated tor the repose of his eoul.
ooir.mer.einR at * o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cfmrtcry. *
CLADWIX-In' this city. July 2. lJ^O. Emily
A., beloved wife of Gf-orgw S. Gladwin, and
mother cf E. H. Gladwin. a native of Sew
York, aecd TJ years l month an<J 10 days.
CVThi. funt-ral services wilt take place
this <!ay (Thursday), at 10:43 o'clock, at
h*>r l&io rf.Mdence. 2U« Howard street. In-
terrnTt utrictly private. CyTreyn Lawn Ceme-
tery. »jy l!:«.i o'clock train from Twenty-
sixth «n<5 Valencia streets. By request, no
fliwers.
GKt-yil - In Oakland. July 3, 1000. Henrr
IiI?NRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
<£uc-e«*CTs to Fianrsran & Gnllaghe.-),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN*. M«r.
FL'NERAl- LIltLCTOas AND KMBALMEK3.
ii FitiU f>t . rf.;.,.s:zr Uncola school.
Telephone Snotb M.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Assaciition,
J .-AN F.^ANCI CO. CAL,
I IF DECEASED WAS A 2JEMBEH OF ANT
lOIIGANIZATION ha%-Ine a. presiding offlcer
8! o •^or^ts i r*y t he < in a rp** f cr crctnst'oii, a cop~
per recepucle !or the athes and orean sen-ices
_ Vt\ The name for members of the family.
CEOHGE R. FLETCHER, fiuperintendent
OCEAN TRAVBIu
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR «
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al new passenger steamer,
S. S. NOME CITY,
¦ . 1600 - tons ' regrlster.
AiSOUT JULY 10th.
Connections at BT. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply^to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
139 fOST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
VXW YOBS. BOUTHAKPTON. L0ND05. P-BI-
' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... ....July lllSt. Louis ...July 25
St. Paul : July IS New: York — .August 8
RED STA^ LINi.
New YorK co^ Ant\w»-->.
* From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon. '
Noordland ......July lllSouthwark July 23
Friesland ..." July 18lWesternland ..August 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE. ¦
8 S "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
points June 30, July ?1.. August 30. For rates
end other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montromery street.
OCEANIC 8. 8. CO. -HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND_ SYDNEY.
8" S. MO AN A (via Honolulu), to New Zea-
land n-nd Australia Wed.. July 11. 8 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
................Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. m.
1. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. M Montgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freifiht OMcc.32? Market St
i r_ > 4aa?_-aaa> I IfMC HATHOB .5500 Tens)
: _____ ; :._; , - SSSAPIS .4000 Ton*'
Mon»lily salllnc tor Valparaiso and Hamburg
vlalIaxlcanports.Otiicral.5ouUiAmerlca.etc. j
S.S. Serapls, 4000 tons, sails about July I < I
J. B. BPBECIStS ft BROS. (U. A*««U, 111 Jtantfesftry SU
, ... ~— -*¦ROYLANCE MAKES A WILD ATTEMPT TO WREAK VENGEANCE ON MOODY AT THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
Your sideboard at home is incomplete if It
Is. not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
-Dr. J. H. Todd of 62G Fourteenth street.
Oakland, reported at the Morgue yester
day the" mysterious disappearance of a
soldier named Edward Lee Waddell. Wad
dell was a guest' at the doctor's house on
the night of June 18 and left early in the
morning after promising to meet the" phy
sicianilater.ln the day. Tnat was the last
seen of him so far as known. Waddell «
26 years old. five feet four inches tall an'l
we"ighs • about 140 ; pounds. He has blue
eyes, sandy hair and is clean shaved. He (
wore a stiff black derby hat. gray suit and
patent leather lace shoes. There is a scar
on the right side of his face near the angle
of the mouth. •"
Waddell enlisted in the Fourteenth Ij.
S. Infantry about a year ago and went to
the Philippines.: He returned on the Sher
idan about three months ago and his rela
tives were: endeavoring to secure hla dis
charge from the army. His father is a
well-known merchant in Chicago, inter
ested in. the glassware business. Young
Waddell was drinking heavily at the time
cf his disappearance. . -* .»,.
EDWARD WADDELL, SOLDIER,
IS MISSED 1 BY FRIENDS
*. Ladles', tailor-made suits, silk sklrta. fur
cipes; liberal credit. U. Rothschild. BM Sutter.*
COMMITTEES "NAMED TO
HELP THE GRAND FESTIVAL
First Vice President Dunne of tho Joint
Admission day celebration committee has
appointed George D. Clark, Julius Kahn
and Frank L. Coombs a committee to
Interview the Ohio Society of California,
which will arrange for a gala day on the
occasion of the launching of the battle
ship Ohio, to ascertain if that event can
not be made part" of the Admission day
festival. *\
Mr. Dunne also appointed Frank H.
Kerrigan, L. M. Bannon, Joseph Ledden,
M. Wilkens and P. J. Curtis a committee
to induce wheelmen and owners of auto
mobiles to make up a feature on Admis
sion day.
F. "W. Lees has been appointed chairman
of the, printing committee, vice Bannon
appointed on the committee on wheels,
and W. C. Miller waa appointed to fill
the vacancy created by the promotion of
Lees.
The Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica will at the next meeting of the.execu
tive council take action on the proposi
tion to take part in the parade.
Bay City Parlor has notified the grand
marshal that the members will parade in
blue serge coats, dark .pantaloons, white
vests, polka dot overgaiters and white felt
hats. On the night of September 10 this
parlor will give a banquet to members
only in Century Hall. %
Yesterday being a legal holiday there
was no work performed at the Palace
Hotel headquarters of the Bemi-centennial
anniversary committee. - .
Grand Marshal Costello has been fur
nished a list of those who were aids to
Grand Marshal J. D. Stevenson on tha
occasion of the first. Admission day cele
bration in 1S50. He will have the list ex
amined and all who are still living will be
invited to participate in the, parade and
will be named as aids to the present grand
marshal.
The parade committee will ; meet . to
night to consider the various ideas that
have been suggested since the previous
meeting. \ \ .
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of pur offices. One trunk (round trip),
50 cents. Morton Special . Delivery. 40S
Taylor street, 630 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. . . . *
lnn,,Jh T" 6 ' *" God know » I have trouble
enough and you are my only true, kind friend.
Keep of good cheer. Take good care of your
self and think kindly of poor me: I wUl be
nn? kL O< i <L st aI J d b « 1)ev « in "I* and it may
not be long before I am free to go and do as I
Please. I will write to you now and then If
you have, the time write to me, ¦ m T you?' let
ters will be Indeed very welcome, r just came
n£ «Ii he d -*' lt ' et '»' a »d so again Friday! I arn
not going with Harold to the theater, but will
rJ,«r f ™"» going with any man until free.
Lhnt t, ° seen U myeelf and sroodneas. knows
W to T "-n 7 , FW 11 *- Babe P° lnted out Dr
\\ . to L. and told him he was my doctor You
down to Nellie s. as mamma Is so cross. Write
to me if you can. or come here to see me. I
send my love and lots of kisses From yoSre
423 E. street. Destroy K 0^° VIXG MAUD -'
My Dear Al: You tolF™' n^to1nJt2\«>
you, but I- will just to let you know I am
thinking of you. . We have rented our tw£
single rooms to gentlemen, both friends of tfie
young man In the front room One Is nf *h?
bartender In the saloon next to the Columbia
!nt y ™ y ™ know , hlm ' Since I have been wear
ing my Chinese bracelet have had better luck
although my little. Maltese kitten died '
,^l- received a nice letter from Jones. He asked
7« J y , OU ,,r ?re irking-. I told him yes for
Jack. I did not know what to tell him. He
Is not afraid to write. Sunday .Harold" took
VMiirin (°f a WaIk , and treatea me t0 tamales.
while arC g g 0Ut to - ni « h t for a little
I • have had that neuralgia In . my. face until
now. Have been downtown and feel dread
fully tired. I met an old friend to-day He
says he has a proposal to make to me a's soon
as I am free.. I -wonder what? I will see my
lawyer next week and see what I can do: until
then I must -stay home and be leal good How
completed his foul work, Moody placed
the muzzle of the revolver in his own
mouth and fired. His attempt to end his
own existence failed. The bullet nearly
severed his tongue and round egress in
the back part of his neck. Detective
O'Dea, who was in the vicinity, and a
number of bystanders rushed to the scene
and the stricken woman was taken to O.
A. Leifler*s drug store at 38 Third street,
where she was given temporary treatment
by Dr. Nathan Rogers.
Moody was promptly placed under ar
rest and surrounded by curious people
who listened to his howls of agony while
waiting for the patrol wagron. The jockey
was rushed to the Receiving Hospital and
might have bled to death en route but
for Dr. Morris Harvey, who accompanied
him. Drs. Bunnell and Bacigalupl stayed
the flow of blood and took four stitches in
ihe severed tongue and he was then
placed In bed. He was so violent that it
was found necessary to strap his arms
and legs to the cot.
A few minutes later Mrs. Roylance was
brought to the hospital in an ambulance.
She was accompanied by her husband.
The unfortunate woman was laid upon
the operating table, and while the. sur
geons ¦were dressing her wounds, moaned
and begged them not to let her die. One
of the bullets fired by Moody was found
flattened against her corset. This same
bullet cut through two of the lingers of
the right hand. Another bullet entered
the left chest and is probably imbedded
in the spine. The doctors were unable to
find It, but gave it as their opinion that
this was so, as the woman complained
that she nad no feeling in her limbs and
they were growing: cold.
Identifies Her Assailant.
As the woman's condition was critical,
Detective O'Dea and Ofttcer O'Callahan
brought Moody into the operating room
to be identilied by her.. As ho entered,
barely able to walk, and assisted by the
officers, Mrs. Roylance gazed at his
blood-stained and distorted face and with
out hesitation declared he was the man
who tried to kill her.
. When Roylance saw the man who shot
his wife he became frantic and looked
about him for a weapon. Finding none
he attempted to spring past the physi
cians and fall -upon Moody, but powerful
hands restrained him. The husband then
bemoaned his fate in not having a pistol
with him. - -
Moody did not shrink from the infur
iated man, but tried to go closer to the
woman, attempting to kiss her and call
ing her endearing names. He waa led
away, crying and howling from pain and
love of the woman whose -life he attempt-
As Mrs. Roylance's condition grlves but
slight hope of her recovery representa
tives of the District Attorney's olflce went
to her t bedside and took her dying state
ment. *The husband had to -be forcibly
removed from the ; room by Detective
Ryan, because he persisted in telling his
wife not to, answer the questions put to
her. During the enforced absence of. the
husband, the following statement was
made by the dying woman:'
• Woman's Ante-Mortem Statement.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 4, 1900.
I. Lulu Roylance, knowing that I am about
to die. that I am going to die and that I
cannot live, and with full knowledge of my im
pending death, do hereby make this my dying
statement and speak the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth, so help me God;
and Btate as follows:
On tt-e Fourth of July, while waiting at the
entrance of the Winchester . Hotel on Third
street, I was talking to my friend, Harold
Adams, waiting for my husband, Leon. While
I was standing talking to him. Al Moody came
up to me and I could not tell whether he said
anything to me or not; all I know is that he
fired b. pistol oft; I saw the silver shlninir. I
hollered for help, and I felt my body warm.
1 think he, Al Moody, ghot me four times. He
looked me right In the face and shot me four
times without a word.
He. Al Moody. Raid if I ever lived with my
husband again .he would kill me. If I ever
went back to him. , LULU ROYLANCE.
Witnessed by: ~--\': .•-/
W. L. THOMPSON.
J. J. GREELET,
THOMAS L. RYAN,
EDWARD O'DEA.
Jealousy the Cause.
Moody will recover and will answer for
his crime. He has been residing with T.
T. Collins at 1224 Folsom street, and is
employed by the Code- Port wood Canning
Company. He claims to have come re
cently from Ban Jose, and a Jockey's li
cense found on him by Detective Charles
Coady. which was issued by the American
Turf CongTess, dated March 10, 1900, bears
out his statement, as it gives his residence
as San Jose. At one time Moody occupied
rooms at the boarding-house where Mrs.
Roylance lived, and while there became
infatuated with the woman.
«.jxs. Roylance and her husband, who Is
a consulting and constructing engineer,
with rooms in the Parrott building, had a
disagreement and had been living .apart
for come time. The husband occupied
rooms at the Winchester House and Mrs.
Roylance went to live with her mother
at 423 Eddy street. On Tuesday evening
the couple effected a reconciliation and
the wife went to the apartments Of the
husband. They ¦were on their way to view
tne parade yesterday morning, when Roy
lance remembered that he had to tele
phone to a friend. He stepped inside the
hotel to telephone and his wife waited for
him on the sidewalk. She was Joined by
Adams and then Moody came along and
started to shoot. ->
Roylance speaks in endearing terms of
his wife and their golden-haired boy. He
said that Moody was crazy and had in
flicted his attentions upon his wife. He
said his wife hated him.
The following epistle, signed "Maud,"
which the. police claim is the assumed
name of Mrs. Koylance, throws some light
on the affair:
CITY. July, 1900.
Dear Al— If nothing new turns up In the
meantime, I will spend the Fourth with you.
Come here for me about 11 or 11:30 o'clock a.
m., as not knowing where you are going do not
know what to wear. If anything happens that
I cannot go, I* is at the house. I will tele-,
phone to Jack at 10:30 a. m. on Wednesday
morning, the Fourth. You make arrangements
with him ho he will deliver my messase to
you immediately and if you can not come
telepnone "to Larkln 91, Pecht' & Gorman. 1
have not' seen or heard from L. and he may
take a notion to come here when I least ex
pect him. Now don't forget to come or tele
phone and I will do the siiue if anything
turns up. I hope this will find you more cheer
ful and happy. Nellie is waiting for me to go
out. so must close and send this. Yours with
•love and a big 'kiss. Yours in haste, .
MAUD.
Loving Epistles From Maud.
The following additional letters were
found in the pockets of Moody and are
now . in the possession of Captain Sey
mour:
SAN* FRANCISCO, May 31, 1900. .
My Dear Al: Arrived home safe, had some
pears which were fine. • Mamma' did not know
what to make cf it seeing me with the basket.
1 took my time telling her Us contents. I am
writing thfs to give you the telephone number,
fo you can let me know any time you wish to
see me or change our appointment. It Is Pecht
& Gorman, tel. Larkln 81. Will see you Sunday
eve at 6 o'clock, lie on the corner, as I hate to
ring the doorbell. I will be on time. Take
good care of yourself, with my best love and a
lot of kisses. From your big babe,- MAUD.
I will bring the basket back. , . .
• . CITT, June 12, 1900.
My Dear Boy: I was pleased and surprised
to receive the letter from Ban Jose to-day. Such
a loving, kind letter, too. I shall always. keep
It safely put away. You. always spoke as if
you wrote dreadful. Why, you story-teller, you
write lovely. I am- quite proud of -my baby's
letter. It seems an age since I saw you; but,
dear, it is for 'the best, as I never know -when
L. may come here. Fir. night I was taking a
bath at 10 o'clock when he came. I could not
go to the door, so he came the back way. I
went to dinner with him Sunday. ¦ Promised
me a new. dress on the lath. It Is policy for
me. to be friendly with him. He is as anxious
as I am for the separation, and Just as soon as
we have the cash I will be free. ¦ Without
money you cannot do as you wish. - If any time
he roes out of the city and I can find a way
to see you I will drop you word or telephone.
I will write, and let you know how things pro
ceed, and If you get time I will be pleased . to
hear from you. We can think of each other.
They cannot stop that. Friday evening I saw
you go Into the "Olympia." We went, too. I
looked all aver the place for you, but failed to
see you. - That place ¦ is getting worse . and
worse. A man followed ' me home, .was' up
three steps after me, when I simply shut the
door In his face. I am real good. I hope you
are well and happy, and tell Jack to be 'good
to you. Bay. that Sullivan girl is a peach. 1 1
was wondering if you saw her. that night.
Have a good time with her if you can, because
1£ you don't have some lady you will get mel
ancholy, and she Is pretty and nice. Harold
leaves to-night. Well, - dear, I have not any
rtews to relate, only my teeth are fllled, but'
one is aching dreadfully, and I suppose it will
have to come out. Take good care of yourself
and write me a line. I will destroy letters and
you do the same. I will keep Just the Hrst
one from San Jose. Once more I send love and
kisses from babe.' Your as ever, MAUD.
*KiBse». ¦ • . .. •¦...., . .-
WEDNESDAT EVE.. 6 o'clock.
• My Dear Al: Your telephone received and I
returned the message to Jack to deliver to you
at once, and hope he did it all 0. K. I am aw
fully sorry to disappoint you, : dear, and hope
soon I can see you as much as I please. . Until
I am free I must not continue my visits there,
as I am followed everywhere I go. It will only
cause both of us trouble if I come. Sunday
evening L. came up just after I left and made
an awful fuss. Said he would not give us an
other ; cent and give a number of threats: If
it was only myself that would suffer, 1 1 would
not care, but I am compelled to think of others,
which peems to always be my fate. V You will
never know how unhappy and the h— I I am and
have been living. Only yesterday. If you had
been differently situated, I would TTiave gone to
you and riven up every one. ~ If things keep on
aa they have the last. week'. I ,wlll do some
thing desperate. You can imagine who is caus
ing my trouble. -Really, it is dreadful for me to
say, but I know she 1b crazy and getting worse
and unbearable. ;. If you : could 1 ' only " come ; up
here and see me I would; be 5 bo glad. Nights
when you are off come here to eee me. - You and
I 'could be alone. Do not blame me for refus-
William McMann, president of the Iro
quois Club, presided. Addresses were
made by William M. Cannon. Professor
James H. Simmons, Judge Ferrai and
John Aubrey Jores.
The Iroquois Club held a rally last night
at Metropolitan Temple. The attendance
was not large and no great enthusiasm
was shown except once, when ex-Judge
Robert E. Ferrai paid an eloquent tribute
to Bryan. In response the audience stood
up and cheered and waved hats and flags
for some minutes. <
Iroquois Club Holds a Rally.
Belgian hare news In the Park News. Get it
—an authority. Mysell-Rolllns. 23 Clay. Pub. •
Standing Grain Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEWMAN, July 4.— A grain field fire to
day on the ranch of W. M. Munson. eight
miles from here, destroyed 100 acres of
standing grain and the crop of sixty acres
that had been sacked. The fire originated
are you pettlnp along with your work, and are
you well? Hare you forgotten me In all this
"time? -I did look for a letter from you: it
seems funny If you really think a Rood deal
of me you can keep frcm writing; eve* Jones
writes, and he does not care two straws ffor me.
I am commendne to believe my name is M.
R., peeing my letters addressed so. I am get
ting bo hungry I must close and get my dinner.
It la such a long time since I saw you and
some night I may surprise you If I get a good
chance and take a trip down to see how you
look. Well, I have no news to relate, so will
close with my love and kisses. Take good
care of yourself ;»I am on my best behavior and
I am real good. If I don't hear from you I
will not write any more. Once more with love,
T remain yours. BABE.
P. S.— Mr. H. 'of the F room tried to put h!s
arm around me, but I repulsed him., I am
really afraid of him.
from a gasoline engine on a combined
harvester. The harvester was destroyed.
4>. partial insurance was carried on the
sTain.
trip. The tracks of his wagon were traced
to First avenue and Market street, where
the murder was undoubtedly committed.
Two distinct reports were heard by people
living in the neighborhood. The wagon
containing the body was found a block
away, but nearer Imsand's home.
Sheriff Mansfield, on being notified of the
crime, proceeded to the home of the Mit
chells. He arrested Dave and William Jr.,
but the father was not arrested until the
following evening. Mitchell's house was
searched and disclosed the presence of a
pistol, shotgun and rifie.
The Mitchells and Imsands had been at
war for some time. A dispute over prop
erty had been carried into court and ihe
Imsands won. The Mitchells vowed venge
ance, vowing to drive the other family out
of the county.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mitchell and Her Son David Shot
Down in a Mysterious Manner— Suspicion Falls
on the Husband of the Woman.
COLMA has added two more murders,
to it8 record and, like the killing a'
year ago, they are shrouded in
mystery. Mrs. Elizabeth Mitchell
and her son David were found dead on
their hog ranch late last evening
by Constable David Neville. Both
had met their death from gunshot
wounds, and tha position of their bodies
indicated that they had fallen in their
tracks. Suspicion has fallen upon the
husband of the dead woman, and the po
lice, of San Mateo and of this city are
looking for him.
But for the notification given Constable
Neville by John Roper and Thomas O'Mal
ley of Colma, the bodies would not have
been discovered until to-day because the
Mitchell ranch is a mile from. Colma and
a half mile off the county road. Accord
ing: to the Constable, O'Malley and Roper
were driving along the. county road,. when
they were accosted by William Mitchell,
who was trudging along the path on Ilia
way to the city. Mitchell volunteered the
information that there had been a shoot
ing at his place and asked that they noti
fy the Constable and Sheriff of that fact.
In accordance with this request Consta
ble Neville .was notified and in company
with an assistant visited the hog ranch
and found the bodies lying cold in death
on the ground some distance from the
house, tiaping wounds in the heads and
bodies showed clearly that foul work had
been/done. The officers made a thorough
search of the house, but there was noth
ing to indicate that a scuffle had taken
place. Both bodies were then removed
to the. dwelling place and word was im
mediately sent to Sheriff Mansfield of San
Mateo County of the murder.
A description of Mitchell, upon whom
suspicion has fallen, was telephoned to
this city "and officers were sent to his
haunts in the hope of capturing him. Up
to a late hour he had not been taken Into
custody; Mitchell had been living with
the murdered woman many years. They
conducted a hog ranch and were assisted
by the son David. Another son, William
Mitchell Jr., lives in South San Francisco.
The woman was white, the son a mulatto
and the husband a negro. The husband
was disliked by his neighbors and a feud
was on between them. When Joseph j.
Imsand was shot and killed a year ago
suspicion fell upon Mitchell, who had left
Colma after the murder had been com
mitted. He was captured while leaving
the Alcazar building, where he had been
attending a meeting of his lodge, but the
charge against him was dismissed as it
could not be proved.
The murder of Mrs. Mitchell and her son
recalls the deadly affair that occurred be
tween the Imsand and Mitchell families
last August, when the body of Joseph J.
Imsand, filled with buckshot, was found
within a few hundred feet of where the
shooting of yesterday occurred.
Imsand was a hog rancher, and had as
neighbors the Mitchells. Both families
disputed continually over the boundary
line between their properties. A battle en
sued between them, in which William
Mitchell Jr. received severe wounds. A
few weeks later the members of the Im
sand family were : poisoned by drinking
water from the creek which flows through
the ranches of both families. The poison
ing of the cteek was laid at the door of
the Mitchells; and added to the feeling of
enmity then* existing.
A few days r.fter Imsand left his home
at 3:30 a. rav on his regular swill-gathering
DOUBLE MURDER AT COLMA
RECALLS A TERRIBLE FEUD
MRS. L. ST. D.ROYLANCE FALLS VICTIM
TO ALFRED MOODY'S JEALOUS RAGE
In the Moving Throng on Third Street the Ex- Jockey Fatally Shoots
the Woman He Professes to Love, Tries to Kill •"Her Com
panion, and Then Attempts to Commit Suicide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 190
14
PRINCIPALS IN THE DOUBLE IHTRDEH AT COUffA. .
FREXZIED with drink and Jealousy,
Alfred Moody, an ex-Jockey, at
tempted to commit a double murder
and suicide on Third street at 10
o'clock yesterday morning. That he was
not entirely successful was due to Provi
dence and not to bad marksmanship. As
a. result of his murderous acts Mrs. St. l).
Roylance of 423 Eddy street is hovering
between life and death at the City Re
ceiving HoppStal, with but a slight chance
of recovery. Moody, severely, but not
fatally wounded by a bullet from his own
revolver, lies on a cot in an adjoining
room weeping and moaning. The other In
tended victim of the murderous Jockey
escaped unscathed. The shooting:- oc
cjrrwi while the street was crowded_with
men, women and children wending their
way to Market street to view the big
Fourth of July parade, and the miracle is
that none of them ¦was struck by the fly-
Ing bullets.
Mrs. Roylance was standing in front of
the Winchester Hotel, at the corner of
Third and Stevenson streets, waiting for
her husband, who was telephoning. "While
standing there H. S. Adams, a clerk in
Fisher Brothers' furnishing house, 15S
Third street, and who resides at 313V6 Ellis
etreet, stopped in passing to speak to her
%vhrn Moody, bent on murder, came up
and without a moment's hesitation pulled
a. 35 caliber revolver from his pocket and
opened flre on the woman. She screamed,,
and as Adams turned to see who fired the
shot Moody aimed at him. Adams did not
wait to see the gun go off. but sprang
toward the curbing. The accuracy of the
Jockey's aim was attested by the fact that
the bullet grazed Adams' right shoulder.
Shoots His Pollen Victim.
The would-be" murderer then turned his
attention again to the woman, who had
fallen fainting to the sidewalk, and before
the amazed and terror-stricken bystand
ers could interfere he fired twic& more at
his victim. Then, believing that he had
We take sto^k in a
few ; 'days'.. Want to close
out a big. lot of stuff
before We begin.
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE!
11 dozen LADIES' MOREEN' UNDERSKIRTS !
all colors, SOc,- some- worth SI 60 '
14 dozen LADIES'. PERCALE WAISTS 3Oc—
-—none worth less than 60c.
12 dozen LApiES" GRASS LIXEN OVER-
SKIRTS, neatly trimmed; 45c. UV£ <"
15 dozen LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED
HOSE, lOc\ considered good value at 20c
11 dozen CHILDREN'S. COTTOX HOSE fast
black, seamless, all sizes, Sc a pair' sold
elsewhere at 12%c a pair. . '
9 dozen CHILDREN'S, PERCALE DRESSES
bretelles. neck • and | sleeves trimmed
with .Valenciennes lace.' 4Hv, worth 75c
5 dozen LADIES' < CALICO -WRAPPERS In
navy blue, black ; and white and cardinal
— 55c, worth Jl. ' ' ¦ '
7 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, 16 tucks
In yoke, ruffled neck, front and sleeves
• 2t>e.-- ¦ ¦¦ - • ¦ ¦ i •¦¦ • '
6 dozen WHITE LAWN WAISTS, yoke trlm-
njed with all-over lace,* 5Oc," wqfth double
8 dozen PERCALE WAISTS, some Inserted
..with embroidery, some tucked all over 74c
none worth less than $1 25. . ¦ . '
7 'toen CHILDREN'S CALICO POKE BON-
. NETS/ lOc, worth 23c. ¦,---..
U dozen. FANCY WASH VEILS, assorted bor-
I ders, 13c, worth 23c.
2000 yards-TORCHON LACES, 3 to 5 Inches
: wide, assorted patterns, 5c a yard.
6 dozen BEST MUSLIN WHITE SKIRTS 4
tucks, ruffle trimmed with Torchon la'ce
48c, cheap at 75e. - '¦ <
5 dozen CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES, yoke
of all-over lace, bretelles. trimmed ' with
Valenciennes lace, 4Sc.
15 dozen BOYS' CALICO WAISTS.' 15c, worth
I 25c. ¦¦-¦.•..¦¦ :¦- " • ¦ • •¦ ¦¦ . ¦
8.: dozen GRAY CORSETS,' all stzes, 30c
valued at tOc. - ¦ , .. •
6 dozpnULACK FRENCH CORSETS, made of
beat sateen. 45>c, worth 75c-
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW we'll astonish
you with the values .we're offering in MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR.. •
SALE OF CHILDREN'S COATS AND
-_ REEFERS.
This line, representing as it does, -all that'*
neat, stylish and durable in materials, made
of : pique, ladles' cloth, cashmere, broadcloth,-
etc. — all we. have, to say : about the" line is
this — come," prepared r to buy 1 garment; the
price will' be bo small you'll be tempted to
buy t; .¦- • -¦ v ..,.¦ . •
: 1212:1214; MARKET ST^
\ Bet. Taylor ;and Jones. .
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear
¦ —Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
\ *t l ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~~Jk Y^^^ii_ ¦¦fc^*^ *
3-Day Specials !
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Xots of ways to save "worry and
annoyance. The best is to buy
right, at the right place. Try .
(jIj A RET W(\ 1 on
An excellent old table wine.
n n MO) 10 •••••••......,„... lOO
Choicest surar-cured Eastern Ham*.
Regularly 13c.
DEAL MUSH, 4 pkgs 25c
I S!arf y f rf O b rlS faSt - Cooks ,^^
Yellowstone Whiskey, full quart. $1.00
'of\^h% a a 1 K ed brand Gallon $4.00
Regularly Jl 25 and Jo.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot loc
..Ideal brand— best and purest.
• Regularly 20c.
FRUIT SYRUPS, bot 35c
Raspberry, Strawberry, Grenadine.
Pineapple, Lemon, Vanilla, etc
Regularly SOc.
POSTUM CEREAL, large pkg. . . .20c
The great Coffee substitute. •
Regularly 25c. ¦ ' • j
CALX. FOR SUMMER CATALOGUE— FREE.
C0USTR7 ORDERS SOLICITED.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton at.)
TELEPHONE MAIM 5522.
CASH OR LITTLE- AT- A-TIME.
fBfeiS32S!£Ff
WE ARE LOOKING AFTER THE
LITTLE ONES THIS WEEK.
Oak Cribs -fsss $4.50
A Great Value.
Bend flvB cent* In stamos for
. poetass on new furniture catalog.
THE J~NOONAN .
*" fURNlTORE COMPANY (Inc\ I
JO/7-/023 M/95/O,V STffEET, '
¦ . 1V ABOVE SIXTH.
Float Srota 14. g^ Fnartiw.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINLESS
I s DENTISTRY!
i •»••»••• ¦•¦¦•• »•«»««»»»
Evenings until 9. Sundays all *
, day- ?
Full Set of Teeth, pain- i
less extractions f ree..# I.OO np I
1 " Gold Crowns, K-k $3J>0 up "
' Fillings 25cup"
1 Teeth "Without Plates Our ' '
i Specialty. We give caa. "
I •—-»?» »»|,,,
"VAN VROOM,"
1OOI MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
Attention is invited to a special sale of
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
\ We have received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR WAGONS; with w"re
wheels and with wood hub wheels. These
waeons are a success, and cur stock la
more complete that ever, at price* ranging
From $130 Upward.
. We show the finest things built In Pneu-
matic vv aeons, and at prices which have
not been equaled heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
STODEBAMOS. T
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. 'WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES ; FURNISHED.
Regina Corona
This wonderful music box n
automatically changes Its tune- !i
• sheets, plays any tune at will ?j
and repeats ft. as often as de- -i
elred. Without being touched. «
after once started. It plays cue- .
Ice«Eively, by a continuous auto- ;
njatlc motion, all the tunes of
the repertoire, consisting of a
number of sheets, which are
contained In the lower part of
the case. Suitable for hotels,
summer resorts and the home-
furnishes delightful, music with- '
out any attendance.
Features: Piano sounding '
board back,- tune sheets 15^
inches in diameter, case in oak
or mahogany, price
$175
The Orchestral Regina. finest
tnusic box made, tune sheets 27
inches in diameter, price $350.
Regina Music Boxes are con-
Ftantly on free exhibition at J
SHERMAN, CLAY & GO.'S
PIANO AKD MUSIC HOUSE.
On . Ks*ra/ m* 3at;er 8ti.. S. T.