that are reported to . have marked the
last scenes within' the legations at Pe
king. Nothing Is clearer than that the
anti-foreign ; conflagration Is rapidly per
meating even hitherto quiescent prov
inces; and though it is recognized that
every day which leaves Peking in the
power of, the mob increases the perils
and difficulties of the situation, nothing
comes from the diplomats of Europe ' to
show that the powers have overcome the
jealousies, resulting in general lmpo
tency, to which Is commonly ascribed the
sacrifice of ' the handful of women, chil
dren and men comprising the lnterna-
Peking, which la 170 miles from Shan
Hal Kuan. /
CRUISERS READY FOR
IMMEDIATE SERVICE
NEW YORK. July 16. —A special to th«
Press from Philadelphia says: The cruis
ers Columbia, Minneapolis and Yankee
have been got Into readiness for Imme
diate service. Steam Is up and no one
not connected with the ships la allowed
on board. Berths have been put Into tho
Yankee. It Is surmised the vessels are
to be used In transporting troops, though
the Columbia and Minneapolis have com
paratively few accommodations for that
service.
From Chefu comes the report that the entire adult male population of the three provinces
of Chili. Shansi and Shantung are massing to defend Peking, under the conviction that the
powers mean war. There is little doubt that a further check of the allies at Tientsin would be the
signal for a general anti-foreign rising throughout China.
The Japanese officers are still confident of their ability to reach Peking before the roads
become impassable, but the European commanders believe an advance will be • impossible before
September.
Fighting is said to be imminent at Newchwang, where the Boxers are threatening the for
eign settlement. The Russians have barricaded the streets and loopholed the houses of the for
eigners. The bank officials have removed their valuables to Port Arthur. Perhaps the most se
rious among the many reports from Shanghai is the rumor that .since the massacre at Peking five
Chinese regiments have been ordered south with instructions to make Chinghanpo, at the head of
the Grand canal, the objective point for the southward extension of the Boxer movement.
MET THEIII^ IDEJ^TII -A-T FEKMISTQ.
A GROUP OF THE "WIVES OF THE'EMBASSADORS WHO "WERE WITH THEIR HUSBANDS
From a Photograph taken at Peking May 16, 1900.
RISING OF ENTIRE POPULATION.
LONDON, July 17, 3:53 a. m. — Up to this hour no further news has been received re
garding the reported massacre at Peking from any source. In the House of Commons last even
ing, beyond an admission that there was no ground for hoping that the report was not true, Wil
liam St. John Brodcrick, Parliamentary Secretary for the Foreign Office, had nothing to commun
icate. An unusual hush fell upon the Chamber when the subject came up. A few members doff
ed their hats, but otherwise there was no demonstration.
Telegrams from Shanghai and Chefu indicate an increasingly serious state of affairs. It is
alleged that the foreign Consuls at Shanghai have cabled their governments that there is urgent
need for warships to protect that city, owing to the menacing attitude of the Chinese and the
temptation to loot the vast stores of merchandise recently accumulated there. It seems that the
Chinese have already threatened to fire the great oil tanks on the Chaotang side of the city.
NO FURTHER NEWS OF THE HASSACRB.
>P3&ERLIX; July 16. — The news regarding the massacre at Peking has been received by the
§r\ German press with a unanimous expression of deepest sorrow and indignation. The Vos-
CaiS^' sische Zeitung says: "There is no excuse for a nation which commits such crimes and none
for a government which tolerates or does not try. to prevent them."
The papers insist upon absolute perfect harmony between the powers henceforth.
"The powers will no longer quarrel," says the Lokal Anzeiger, "or weigh things against
each other. They will try everything-. They will risk every man and every groat until this 'un
paralleled crime has met with the punishment it deserves."
The whole nation seems imbued with similar sentiments. Emperor William was immedi
ately notified. The number of Germans massacred at Peking is said to be ninety-three, including
the detachment of marines, Professors Stahlman, Colonel von Bismarck and Von Bronn of the Pe
king University, several German officials belonging to the Chinese customs, several merchants and
the members of the legations, with Baroness von Ketteler.
Dr. Mumm von Schwarzenstein arrived this evening. He will receive instructions from the
Foreign Office and start for China on Saturday, accompanied by General von Dergoltz.
TIENTSIN, July 13. — In to-day's combined attack upon the native city over forty guns
bombarded the Chinese positions. The fighting was most determined and the allies' losses
were heavy. Eight Chinese guns were captured and the Chinese were driven out of the west
arsenal after a fierce cannonade. A strong mixed force is close to the walls and it is expected
an assault will be made to-morrow.
Official Press Urges Harmony Aimomg the Powers
"Until This Uraj&rallekd Crime. Has Het With the
Punishment It Deserves "—Noted Men Numbered
Among Those Who Perished, x
RAGE IN BERLIN OVER
KILLING OF GERMANS
WASHINGTON, July 16.— The Navy Department this morning received official confirmation from Admiral Remey of the reverse of the allied forces at Tientsin on the morning of July 13. The dispatch is dated
Chefu. July 1 6, and it says:
"It is reported that the allied forces attacked the native city on the morning of July 13, the Russians on the right, with the Ninth Infantry, and the marines on the left. The losses of the allied forces were large —
the Russians 100, including the artillery; Americans, over 30; British, over 40; Japanese, 58, including their colonel; the French, 25. Colonel Emerson H. Liscum, Ninth Infantry, was killed, and Captain Davis of the United States
Marine Corps, Captain Lealy and Lieutenants Butler and Leonard were wounded. At 7 in the evening the allied attack op the native city was repulsed with great loss. Returns are yet incomplete; details not confirmed.
"REMEY."
J±T>1&T&LJ±L^ REMEY CONFIRMS THE ISTEWS OF DEFEAT.
LONDON, July 1 6. — The Evening News prints a dispatch dated at Shanghai to-day giving a detailed account of the attack of the allied forces on the native city of Tientsin, as reported in the dispatch to the
Associated Press dated Tientsin, July 13, via Chefu, July 15, and Shanghai, July 16. According to the Evening News' dispatch the allies were repulsed and compelled to retreat with a loss of more than a hundred killed, the British
losing forty and the Japanese sixty. The Americans and Russians, it is added, also suffered heavily. Among the Americans killed was Colonel Liscum of the Ninth Infantry. A Russian colonel of artillery was also killed.
The dispatch adds that the Chinese fought with great desperation and their marksmanship was accurate and deadly.
I2SrTER.2^T-A.mOISr^k.ILiS iE^ETRIE-AJT 1 AFTER HjOSHsTG- HEEJ^"VIIL j^".
f^* IENTSIN, July 1 3 (via Chefu> July 1 5, and Shanghai, July 1 6). — At 2 o'clock this afternoon 7000 of the allied troops were attempting to storm the wall of the city. The attack began at daylight. Its success is doubtful.
aL J The Chinese on the walls are estimated conservatively at 20,000. They are pouring a terrific hail of artillery, rifle and machine gun fire upon the attackers. The Americans, Japanese, British and French troops are at-
S^ tacking from the west and the Russians from the east. :
The Americans suffered terribly. As the Associated Press representative left the field the chief surgeon of the Ninth Infantry said a conservative estimate was that 25 percent of the Americans were hit.
Colonel Wiiiiam H. Liscum is reported to have been mortally wounded as he was walking in front of the troops. Major Regan and Captains Bookmiller, Wilcox and Noyes are among the wounded.
The marines' losses included Captain Davis killed and Butler, Leonard and several others wounded.
Officers declared that it was hotter than Santiago. When the correspondent left the Americans were lying in the plain between the wall and the river, under an enfilading and direct fire. It was equally difficult
for them to advance or retire. The correspondent counted 300 wounded men of all nationalities. J
WASHINGTON, July 16.— The officers of the United States Marine Corps mentioned in the foregoing dispatch are probably Captain Austin R. Davis, recently at Manila, killed, and First Lieutenant Smedley D. Butler of
the United States vessel Newark and First Lieutenant Henry Leonard, recently on duty at Cavite and also of the Newark, wounded. It is stated at the War Department that no such person as Captain Wilcox, who was reported
wounded, is in the Ninth Infantry. The officials here think it might be Major Wallace of the Ninth. ;.
American Contingent Subjected to an Enfilading Fire on an Open Plain and
Its Loss Estimated at Fully Twenty^Five Per Cent— Gallant
Colonel Liscum Falls at the Head of His Command.
BATTLE RACES - -
- - THE ENTIRE DAY
ALLIED FORCES SUFFER A CRUSHING REPULSE
IN AN ATTACK ON THE CHINESE AT TIENTSIN
TROOPS FAIL TO - '¦- :
- - STORM THE WALLS
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 47.
y ONDON, July 16.— "Revenge to-day,
I mourning, to-niorrow," is. practi-
I cally the universal cry of Europe,
I / but it ' is • sorrowfully admitted
that there .can be no revenue to
day, nor perhaps for many to-mor-.
rows, . " for ¦ the incredible barbarities
EUROPE DEMANDS
SWIFT VENGEANCE
tional colony of Peking:.
The fate 61 the Chinese capital appears
to threaten other towns, like Tientsin.
Chefu and even Shanghai. The defeat
of the allied forces at Tientsin seems to
place that town In desperate straits, and
if retreat to' Taku is necessitated, other
observers consider that it .will be likely
to affect the policy of the wavering Vice
roys.
The departure of Admiral Seymour from
Tientsin and the movement. of warships
toward Shan Hal Kuan; on the Gulf of
Lioa Tung, are taken to indicate that this
route may be adopted for an advance on
The San Francisco Call.LACK OF UNANIMITY
AMONG COMMANDERS
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. .
1 CHEFU, July 13 (via Shanghai. July 16).
—The allies on Monday attacked the be
siegers of Tientsin, captured four guns
and inillcted considerable loss. A letter
from a leading civilian In Tientsin, dated
Tuesday, says: .,
"Shells and bullets are very plentiful.
There has been a great deal of damage
to property, but through God's kind provi
dence not many lives have been lost, ex
cept among the brave fellows defending
the settlements. The Chinese have a
large number of Krupp guns' and much
ammunition, In spite of the destruction
of the two arsenals, and they pour in
shells daily from behind their intrench
ments. Reinforcements are arriving and
It, is planned to take the offensive in a
few days.
"Lack of unanimity among the com
manders ¦' of the various , nationalities
makes concerted action difficult."
DiED AT PEKING.
From photographs sent on re
cently.
THE CONGER FAMILY AND
THEIR GUESTS.
Galesburg, 111. She and the Minister were
married June 21, 1S68. Mr. Conger was
then a struggling lawyer, a graduate of
Albany Law School and Lombard Univer
sity, a veteran of the war, into which »e
went in 1S62 as a private and from which
he came a major five years afterward at
the age of 23. Soon after his marriage ho
bought land in Madison County, Iowa.
Conger's Early Life.
Conger farmed for five years; then he
went Into the banking business in Dex.
ter. He was successful. He took; In a
partner named G. G. Pierce, who was the
father of the young girl with the Congers
iru,PekIng. He also established a bank at
'Stuart. I
His first step in politics was in 1878. His
success was phenomenal. He "was first
elected Treasurer of Madison County. He
was then elected S<ate Treasurer. He
served as State Treasurer between 1SSS
and 1S85. He was elected as Congressman
from the Seventh District in 1885 and held
this office three terms. President Harri
son made him Minister to Brazil and ha
served in this capacity at Rio de Janeiro
until he was removed by President Cleve
land, but as soon as McKinley was elected
he was selected by the latter to take tha
Peking mission, leaving Tom C. Dawson.
first secretary of the Brazilian legation,
in charge of our relations with Brazil ur»~
til. Conger's place could be filled ther»>.
This transfer was made about three yeara
ago. Minister Conger has visited Des
Moines but one? since his appointment.
If Minister Conger is dead, Edwin An
keny Conger of Los Angeles, Cal., is the
oldest male Conger living, and to him will
descend the family traditions and honor.
There will be no wealth.- In his business
and officeholding Jilr. Conger is generally
reputed to have gathered about $100,000
at one time. This has been; dissipated to
the four winds. Not by dissipation, for
Minister Conger was always an abstainer,
but by unfortunate investment. The Cali
fornia Conger is a • nephew of Minister
Conger, whose brother married the daugh
ter of General R. V. Ankeny* of Des
Moines. General Ankeny claims to have
started Conger in his political career by
setting the pins which elected him County
Supervisor in Madison County before he
was elected Treasurer of the county. Gen
eral- Ankeny's daughter is dead, but th§
father "of Edwin Ankeny Conger, John
Conger of Los Angeles, is living.
His Bomantic Marriage.
The marriage of Mr. Conger and Miss
Pike was romantic. The friendship, at
tachment and love had its origin in col-,
lege life. Both attended Lombard Uni-'
verslty, 'were classmates and sweethearts
in college. The war took the young man
away, but the attachment then formed
was not broken . and marriage followed.
A son . and daughter were born to this
couple. The son, Lorentus, died. The
daughter, is a remarkably brilliant young
woman of a mathematical turn of mind.
being one of the most expert accountants
in the West. She came home with her
mother in November, spent the winter
here, and returned to China with her
cousin, Miss Pierce, and her mother in
February.
Minister Conger was a member of the
Masonic Lodge. He joined It while a
soldier. The incidents that led up to this
step were convincing to him of the good
of the order. He was taken slelc with
typhoid while his regiment was under
light marching orders during: the first
year of his army service. It became nec
essary, to leave him behind and a com
rade volunteered to remain with him.
Food became a problem and the comrade
visited the nearest town to obtain pro
visions. There he managed to secure $50
in gold from the richest mercrfant In the
place, despite his blue uniform, upon prov
ing himself a Mascn. Conger there and
then vowed he would join .the order, and
after being sent to a hospital and recov
ering by special dispensation took the
three degrees to make him a Master Ma
son in one night. He has been a loyal
Mason during the thirty-eight years that
have intervened.
Missionaries in the Field.
Among thie Iowa people In China in the
missionary field are the following:
At Peking— Miss Ada Haven, Dr. Vir
ginia C. Murdock, Mrs. Mary Porter Gam
well, all of Davenport; Rev. and Mrs.
W. G. Langden, the latter being a niete
of C" D. Miller of Des moines.
At Tientsin— In addition to Consul J. W.
Ragsdale, wife and child, who are credit
ed to California, but who are really
Iowans and have relatives in Des Moines,
among whom is R. G. Ragsdale, ex-State
printer, are the following: Miss Frances
O. Wilson of Corning, in charge of the
women's training school there.
At Soochow — Miss Lydla A. Wilkinson
of Diagonal, formerly of Jefferson; Miss
Mabel Allen of Early, Mrs. Susan TIppett,
a widow, of Siox City; Thomas Owen and
Mr. nnd Mrs. W. A. Mnin.
At Yangste — Miss Kate Osborn of Union
Mills. .
At Nanking— Rev. G. A. Stuart, a broth
er of Rev. T. McK. Stuart of Des Moines:
Mr. and Mrs. Frank O. Garrctt and Dr.
Hugh Whelptonr formerly students at
Drake University in Des Moines.
At Chunking— Miss Helen Gallaway of
Mount Ayr, Rev. and Mrs. W. E. Manly,
the latter having been formerly connected
with Cornell College at Mount Vernon.
Iowa.
At Pangchung— Twin Wycoff sisters.
Miss Mary Porter, Dr. Henry Porter. Dr.
and Mrs. Arthur II. Smith.
At Taky— Miss Kowena Bird, sister of
Mrs Janics Lance of North Des Moines.
At Tungcho— Dr. Chauncey Goodrich of
Des Muines.
At i^en Chu Foo— Charles W. Price,
whose father-in-law, Simon Keasley, lives
in Des MolntM.
DES MOINES, Iowa, July 16.— "We
have been worrying about the Pe
king situation for weeks," said
Mrs. Ida II. Conger, widow of the
brother of Minister E. H. Conger;
"even longer than the people generally
have. This was on account of the letters
we received from our relatives In Peking.
The Minister repeatedly cautioned his
family from giving to the public informa
tion conveyed In his letters, especially of a
political character, and the people have
not known how much we have worried
over the situation which did not appear to
them grave until about three weeks ago.
Dead Minister's Relatives.
"In a letter which we recently received
Minister Conger told us about being
alarmed, and the facts in the official mes
sage which was given out at Washington
have been known, to some extent, to us
for a long time. I have hoped against
reason. Almost all the news of rumors —
which Is all we have had for a month —
was capable of being construed as gooo
news. .The remainder of the Des Moines
relatives of the Minister and his family
are more sanguine than I am."
The Des Moines relatives are:
Mrs. Ida H. Conger, Miss Anna Conger,
daughter of Mrs. Ida Conger: Edwin C.
Williams, nephew of Minister Conger;
Mrs. L. A. Conger, aunt of the Minister;
Willard C. Pierce, Charles H. Pierce ana
Loren Pierce, nephews of Minister Con
gerand brothers of Miss Mary Conger-
Pierce, who has been a member of th».
Minister's party in Peking since last Feb
ruary; Miss Elizabeth Conger, Miss Hazel
Conger, Miss Emma Conger, Dr. Alice C.
Hunter. Miss Irene Courtney, Miss Lillian
Courtney and Mrs. Will Nelson, cousins of
Minister Conger.
Mrs. Conger, wife of the Minister, and
her daughter Laura visited Des Moines
friends last winter. While here Mrs. Con
ger exhibited a ring with which she had
been presented by the Empress of China-
She was delighted with the Peking life-.
When she returned to China she took with
her Minister Conger's niece, Miss Mary
Pierce, aged about 22 years, and whosw
three "brothers are bteiness men in Des
Moines. Laura Conger, daughter of the
Minister, and the only child, is about 23
years of age. She married eight yeara
ago a wealthy young man named George
Lendrum. He inherited his money and
was unable to conserve it. Mrs. Lendrum
finally secured a divorce and resumed her
maiden name. Lendrum enlisted in the
war as a member of the Forty-ninth
Iowa, got ps far as Florida and died witn-
In ten days.
Thoss at Peking
In the Conger party at Peking there*
wero, when the last letters were receive*
here, the following:
Minister Edwin II. Conger, Mrs. Conger,
their daughter, Laura Conprer; Minister
Conger's niece. Miss Mary Pierce, all of
Des Molncs; Mrs. Morgan R. Woodward
and daughter, lone Woodward, of Evans
ton. 111., and who formerly were residents
of Des Moines and next-door . neighbors
of Minister and Mr:?. Conger. Second Sec
retary W. E. Bainbridge of the legation
was a resident of Council Bluffs. His
wife was with him. F. D. Chesshire, in
terpreter, was a former resident of Iowa,
but for twenty years has resided in Pe
king as interpreter for the American lega.
tion. Miss Isabelle Paine of Chicago ac
companied the Woodwards as French
companion. Miss Mary Condit Smith, sis
ter-in-law of Governor General Wood o*
Cuba, was a guest of the Congers at Pe
king. H. G. Squires, first secretary of tho
legation, was a resident of New York. His
wife and three children are with him.
Three of his children are attending school
in this country, two daughters in New
York City with relatives and a son in Har
vard.
Minister Conger's salary was $13,000 a
year, that of the first secretary, Mr.
Squires. $2550: that of Second Secretary
BnJnbridgc $1SOO, and that of Interpreter
Chesshire ttOOO. -- : • • .. .
Urs. Conger was Miss Sarah J. Pike of
Began as a Struggling Lawyer, Roman
tically Married, Served in the V^ar "With
Honor and Gained High Places by Merit.
INTERESTING LIFE HISTORY
OF MINISTER CONGER
presses confidence that henceforth the
powers' solidarity of Interests will assume
perfect harmony.
The Foreign Office further states that
Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstein. appoint
ed Minister to China in succession to the
late Baron von Ketteler, will proceed to t
China, notwithstanding the latest de
velopments. •
Regarding the anomalous position of the
Chinese Minister here, the Foreign Office
said the Minister admittedly does not
know whence the declaration of June
emanated. He also admitted that he could
not vouch for the correctness of all the
Chinese dispatches he had received lately.
The Foreign Office pointed out to him
that until the situation has become
clearer all the communications should not
be considered as emanating from ths
Chinese Government.
REPORTED KILLING OF
WOUNDED DISCREDITED
The Foreign Office also, considering un
limited telegraphic communication be
tween -Lu Hal Huan. the Chinese Minister
to Germany, and China incompatible just
now with Germany's interests, to-day is
sued orders inhibiting Chinese Legation
dispatches.
LONDON, July 16.— The Government ac
credits the report that in the retreat of
the Peking column Admiral Seymour's
wounded were killed by comrades In order
that they might not te tortured by the
Chinese. There has been nothing to ver
ify the report and the Government be
lieves it most improbable. The report re
ceives no credence elsewhere.
The Tientsin dispatch announcing tho
repulse v of the allies was the first news
the Foreign Office had received of the oc
currence and mroduced a feeling akin to
dismay. "Willftfrn St. John Broderick, the
Parliamentary Secretary of the Foreign
Office, left the office prepared to give the
House of Commons a rather satisfactory
account of the conditions at Tientsin. Thi3
report of the Associated Press dispatch
was immediately sent after him. Regard
ing the eventful solution of the crisis ami
the length of time troops will take to
reach Peking, there is not a glimmer in
the minds of British officials.
"All we can do," said one of the most
responsible offlc!als, "is to hope for the
best and pray that Japan's troops may
move quickly. Nothing ha3 passed re
garding the general situation of the pow
ers since we decided to ask Japan to do
the major portion of the work, and noth
ing is likely to be done unless a repetition
of to-day's bad news compol.s every power
to send proportionate reinforcement*."
With reference to the Tientsin dispatch
quoting the complaints of British refu
gees, the Foreign Office informed the cor
respondent to-day that no instructions
had been issued to Admiral Seymour not
to take on board British subjects: in fact,
all his instructions imply otherwise, and
they were unable to understand the condi
tions reported.
PRESIDENT HURRIES '
BACK TO WASHINGTON
CANTON, Ohio. July IS.— President Mc-
Kinley left here at 10:50 thi3 evening for
Washington in a special car attached to
the regular Pennsylvania train. Only
Secretary to the President Cortelyou ac
companied him. He will attend to mat
ters in connection with the Chinese situ
ation and In the course of a few days ex
pects to return to Canton. Meanwhile
the Canton home will be conducted as at
persent, Mrs. McKinley remaining.
It is expected that the caomet mem
bers will be at the White House to-mor
row, and that a meeting will be held soon,
after the President's arrival. It can ba
stated with certainty that no extra ses
sion of Congress has yet been datermlne<l
tipon, and that it has not been decided to
issue a call for troops for service in
China. No effort was made to conceal
the fact that the President was much ex
ercised over the reports which came to
him during the day. To-day when he
filled an engagement made several days
ago to take lunch with an old friend, J.
W. McClymonds, in Massillon, he first
made arrangements for direct connection
with the executive officers in Washing
ton, and his social conversation was con
stantly interrupted with long-distance
telephone conversation with the seat of
government.
BRAVERY OF AMERICAN
AND JAPANESE TROOPS
LONDON, July 15.— The Foreign OfHco
to-dajf Issued a dispatch from General Dor
ward dated Tientsin, July 11, which adds
to the previous information. The Chinese,
according to this dispatch, attacked tho
station on the morning of July 11 and wero
repulsed after four hours' hard fighting.
in which 500 of the enemy were killed.
On July 15 General Dorward, command-
Ing a force of 250 Americans, 950 British
and 400 Russians, and General Fushlkima.
commanding 500 Japanese, attacked tho
Chinese and captured their positions
southeast of the city, killed ninety-five
and captured four guns. The Japanese
and American troops subsequently rushed
and took the western arsenal.
General Dorward adds that the day's
honors rested with the American and Jap
anese. There were no casualties among
the Americans or the Russians.
ROCKHILL MAY BE
CONGER'S SUCCESSOR
WASHINGTON, July 16.— A rumor
gained circulation at some of the foreign
establishments to-day and was accepted
with some degree of credit that W. W.
Rockhill would be named as the United
States representative to China. Inquiry
failed to confirm the report and in any
event It is probable the consideration of
any such step would be deferred until the
last vestige of doubt as to the fate of the
Ministers at Peking was dispelled.
Mr. Rockhill is at present chief, of tho
Pan-American Bureau. When asked as to
the report he said his name had not been
considered so far as he knew, and that
all his plans were made to go to South
America on August 7. He is one of the
few Americans able to speak Chinese flu
ently and as he has traveled through
China he would be exceptionally well
qualified for any service in the empire.
Escaped to Shanghai.
LOS ANGELES. July 16.-J. C Drake of
this city to-day received a cable from his
brother. Dr. Ncah Field Drake, dated
Shanghai. Dr. Drake, who was professor
of mining and geology at the Imperial
University at .Tientsin, says that he.- e S -#
caped to Shanghai, accompanied by Prv
fessor Hoover of the Imperial University.
The whereabouts of the other three Amer
ican professors of-the university he does
not know.
BERLIN, July 16.— The Germany Con
sul at Chefu, having communicated to
the Governor of Shantung Emperor Wil
liam's offer of a reward of 1000 taels for
the rescue of foreigners at Peking, has
received the Governor's reply, which is
dated July 13, to the effect that the shut
ting up of foreigners in Peking has deeply
touched his heart, but attempts to relieve
them have failed owing to the revolt In
Chih Li, but the Governor adds that he
will do his best to effect their release.
At the Foreign Office here there is no
question as to the correctness of the news
of the massacre of foreigners in Peking.
Officials take the view that It Is against
the interests of the Chinese to admit that
there has been a massacre, and therefore
the China advices on the subject are for
once probably true.
Regarding Tientsin, the Foreign Office's
latest dispatch from Admiral Bendemann
declares that the situation has Improved,
as reinforcements continue to arrive.
The Foreign Office, while deeply deplor
ing the horrible events at 'Peking, ex-
YOKOHAMA June 3O.-The Peking
correspondent of the China Mail,
writing on May 31, says:
The promises of the Tsung-li Ya
men are made to be broken. Em
bassadors trot to and from that
idiotic body and letters and dispatches are
manufactured by the gross. MwnwWlfl
the Boxer wizardry gees on with little px
any abatement. Foreigners are Insulted,
threatened, sometimes pelted and gener
ally kept on the hop. Churches continue
to be attacked and occasionally looted
while native Christians, Catholic and
Protestant, are terrorized, beaten, robbed,
hunted from their homes and all are m
danger of their lives. -
On May 25 a gang of Boxers went to tne
houses of Christians at Shan Lai ling ana
burned them down. One aged woman is
supposed to have perished in the flames.
The other inmates escaped. Some of the
men were able to flv to Peking, ine
women and children were received and
hidden by neighbors. On the following
day the Boxers reassembled and forced
the protectors of the Christians to give
them up. As soon as the Boxers got hold
of them they hacked them to pieces and
threw them into the Ta Ching River. Thus
eight innocent women and children were
barbarously murdered in cold blood by the
savages, regarded by the Empress Dow
ager and her favored advisers as patriot
ic volunteers. The other Christians are
missing. Shan Lai Ying Is five miles from
Pa Chow and Pa Chow is sixty miles from
this sacred capital.
Burned by Boxers.
On Monday, May 28. the Boxers attacked
Fengtai and burned it. Ma Chiapu was
threatened, but possibly owing to the sud
den activity of the oOicIal troops was not
destroyed. Charg Sing Tien was attacked
on Tuesday and burned, but the foreign
ers all escaped. Feng.al is six miles from
the gate of Peking. Ma Chiapu is about
one mile. Chang Sing Tien is ten miles
distant. When the mania got so near to
the sacred capital there was a good deal
of excitement.
At Chang Sing Tien a lad of about 16
was killed by a shot fired by foreigners to
keep back the mob. Said the informant,
an eye-witness, "But he was not a Box
er." He was asked. "Then why was he
shot?" "Well, he replied, "when a gun ia
fired who under heaven can tell where the
bullet will go?"
I mention this as the average Chinese
opinion of the marksmansrflp of their own
soldiers and to some of us here it is a
comforting reflection.
Many families have moved from the
comparative safety of Peking to the cer
tain danger of the country.
Our brave generalissimo, Yung Lu, went
out, protected by his valiant battalions.
He resolutely looked at the burned places,
then turned round and found a safe place
in which to meditate on the perils of
modern life. He never tried to find or
arrest or phoot one of the despicable
wretches who burned Peng Tai. Neither
did the other brave commanders. There
fore the fanatical Boxers are still at lib
erty to pursue their diabolical work:
The following dispatch has been re
ceived from Shanghai, dated June 21:
Captain Laws of the Iltes has died from
the injuries he received on the occasion
of the bombardment of Taku.
Activity of Japan.
Japan is meeting the situation In China
with a vigor and promptitude which
would be surprising were it not that thi3
has long been looked upon as the land of
surprises.' At a Cabinet meeting held on
Monday last the sum of fifty million yens
was appropriated -for the immediate ex
penses involved in the instant dispatch
of troops, vividly recalling the applica
tion of a like sum by the United States
Congress at the inception of the trouble
with Spain. This amount will supply the
necessary sinews until the meeting of the
Diet.
The mobilization of the troops and the
movements of the transport fleets and
naval vessels continue, and the efflciency
of the military machine of the empire is
being demonstrated as clearly as In the
late struggle with China, when it com
manded the admiration of the whole
force of foreign experts.
The troops mobilized by the Govern
ment here will number nearly 30,000, and
it is safe to assume that within two
weeks at the latest, with the large force3
of Russians and British on the way, the
allies will have at their disposal an army
of a hundred thousand men. which will
be ample for the initial operations.
Trouble in Korea Feared.
From Korea there are indications of
serious trouble arising from an anti-
Christian and anti-foreign movement
similar to that of the Boxers. The mis
sionary element there, as In China, comes
in for a good share of the blame, and the
sentiment among the foreign population
In the Orient is increasingly strong in
favor of doing something to check this
ever-recurrent menace to the world's
peace.
There are no means for estimating the
number of foreigners in Tientsin and Pe
king except by approximation. Accord
ing to the latest Chinese directories Is
sued by the Hongkong Press last year
there were upon the Tientsin list some six
hundred and seventy-five names of Euro
pean males. A conservative estimate of
women «and children would make the to
tal foreign population about two thou
sand. The normal estimate of Peking on
the same basis would be about one-half
of that number, but it Is to be remem
bered that on the approach of tho
troubles the Influx of missionaries and
their families fleeing from the surround
ing districts must have largely Increased
the foreign contingent. Of the number
of Japanese in the.tv/o cities there are no
mwns of making any intelligent estimate.
Up to date the Japanese Government
has chsrtercJ seventeen steamships to be
used In transporting troops ;o China
GERMANY HOPES FOR
EUROPEAN HARMONV
LOST THEIR LIVES
IN THE MASSACRE
The following is a list of the for
eign Ministers and attaches of the
legations at Peking:
UNITED STATES.
EDWIN H. CONGER. Minister.
H. G. SGtriR.ES, Secretary of Lega
tion. -: ;
W. E. BAINERIDGE, Second Secre
tary. «^_
F. D. CHESHIIIE. Interpreter.
MRS. M. S. WOODWARD and MIPS
IONE WOODWARD of Chicago were
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Conger.
GREAT BRITAIN.
FIR CLAUDE MACDONALD. Min
ister.
H. G. O. BAX IRONSIDE. First Sec
retary of Legation.
H. G. N. DERING, Second Secretary.
II. OOCXBURN. Chinese S-cretary.
CLJVE BIGHAM. Honorary Attache.
G. F. BROWNE. Military Attache.
LIEtrTENANT COLONEL DR.
BCfcHEX*
GERMANY.
BARON VON KETTELER. Minister.
DR. VON FRITTWITZ and DR. VON
GAFTTtON. Secretaries of Legation.
BARON VON DER GOLTZ, Secretary
and Interpreter.
II. CORDES, Second Interpreter.
O. FELSENAU. Chancellor.
RUSSIA.
M. I>E GIERS, Minister.
B. KROtTENSKL First Secretary
of Legation.
B. EVREINOW, Second Secretary.
P. PONOW, First Interpreter.
IC. KOLESSOW. Second Interpreter.
FRANCE.
8. PICHON. Minister.
D'AUTHOUARD, First Secretary.
H. L.EDUC, FJret Interpreter.
VIDAL, Military Attache.
JAPAX.
BARON NIEHII. Minister. ,
ISHII KIKOUJIRO. First Secretary.
SPAIN.
B. J. nE COLOGAN, Minister.
ITALY.
MARQUIS EALVAGO RAGGI, Min
ister.
A USTRO-HUNG A R Y.
BARON CZIKANN VON WAHL
BORN. Minister.
DR. A. VON ROSTHORN. Secretary
of Iy-aticn.
BELGIUM.,
BARON DE VINCK, Minister.
PORTUGAL.
F. H. GALHARDO. Minister.
FOREIGN GUARDS.
Nationality— cers. Men
American 7 -*'V £4 '
British 3 • < 72'
(Icrnsn 2 25
Frrnch 3 72
Kuf-sian 4 71
Italian 3 S3
Austrian 2 --.'SO,
Japanese 2 24
Totals ..26 899
European and American residents oi
Peking, about 200
MISSIONARIES^- '.'. -
The following Is the revised' lisi
of- missionaries of the 'American
board in North China at the be
ginning of the trouble, who -are
thought to have fled for refuge. tc
Peking: - •
Winiai 8. Arwnt.. D. D.: Rev. ; C E
Etviajj. Mis? BfMle O. Ewins, Mis!
Ada Hrvea, Miss Virginia C. Murdock.
M. D.; M!.-5 Frances B. Patterson. Misi
Nellie M. Russell. Mies Elizabeth it
Sheffield. Mrs. Mary L. Mateer.
WASHINGTON. July 16.--The de
cision of the administration at
the end of a most eventful day
is that the United States Gov
ernment is still not at war with
the Government of China. The big hap
penings at Tientsin, coming on top of the
stories of the last struggles at Peking,
have not affected the attitude of the ad
ministration on this point;' the United
States and China are technically at peace.
But this statement should pot be accepted
as indicating a purpose en the part of th.2
United State Government to hold its hand
in the administration of swift and .-ixie
quate punishment upon the Chinese, with
out regard to station, who may be re
sponsible for the outrages of the past few
weeks. It means simply that the Gov
ernment of the United States feels that
it can best achieve that purpose by rc
parding the status officially as one of
peace. Xo hold otherwise would seriousjy
cripple the Government in iis effort- to
obtain satisfaction for the outrages the
Americans in China have suffered. . We
should find the ports of China, now open
to us, closed and all sorts of impediments
would- be encountered which are now
missing 1 . Therefore, according to tho ad
ministration's view. a. declaration of war
would afford not even a technical gain,
while it would actually oe a heavy draw
back. Chairman Cannon of the Jlouse
Appropriations Committee, is authority
for the statement that money in plenty
I? at the disposal of the President to moot
the present emergency and that there is
no necessity for a called session of Con
gress on that -ycore.
Special Cabinet Meeting.
The day was the most exciting Wash-
Ir.frton has known since the battle of San
tiago. At the very beginning came Ad
miral Rcmey's cablegram announcing tho
defeat of the allied forces at Tientsin, and
ihen came the vivid account of the tight.
A special Cabinet meeting was held on
receipt of this news, with such members
1 if sent as are in town. Greai reluctance
was manifested on the part of the par
ticipants to answer questions as to tho
nature of the deliberations. The best in
dication of its nature was the departure;
fur the UTiite House of Secretary Hay
immediately after the meeting. He sat
down and had a long talk with President
McKtoley over the long-distance tele
phone and it soon became known that the
President had decided that it would *:e
best for him to come back from Canton
to the capital.
The cabinet officers talked over the pos
sibilities of reinforcng the troops in
China. There wps no disposition shown
to withhold these troops; the only ques
tion '*as as to the amount of additional
force available. That was a technical
question, so it was left to the War De
partment to decide. The only point laid
oowa was that the Government would
send forward all the troops that could
be spaied at this time. One proposition
discussed by the Cabinet appeared to
have a very practical aspect about it.
Technical men had mafle objection to tin;
further conduct of the Chinese campaign
Pith an international force without some
working understanding as to the duty ol
each power represented. It was suggested
that an international conference be called
Cabinet Discusses the Situation
and Decides to Send to China
All of the Troops That Can
Possibly Be Spared.
hastily at one of the capitals— London,
Berlin. Paris or Washington— to define tiie
part to be taken by each power and tn>j
quota of troops to be furnished and ar
range for the selection of a commander
in chief of the allied forces.
Increase of the Force.
This suggestion did not meet a fav
orable reception. It was felt by the Cabi
net- that the United States should send
what force it could dispose of to China,
as far as seemed necessary, and should
not make any agreement with other pow
ers as to the number. This decision in
volves the increase of the force of troops
destined for "China. The responsible of
ficials evaded any specific statement as
to the extent of this increase. It was,
however, gathered, that the reinforce
ments would be limited only by the abil
ity of" the Government to spare troop3
from tho?e commands now in the United
States and. Cuba. :
The estimates varied as to how many
could be Fparcd, but the general opinion
was that somewhere between 4OQ0 and blHW
could be shipped to the Ea'st from Cuba
and the l.'nited States, In addition to the
troops already under arms. A statement
prepared by Adjutant General Corbin
shows that there are now a grand total of
10,665 officers and men in China, en route
to China, en route to Nagasaki or under
orders for Nagasaki. This, of course, in
cludes the ill-fated Ninth Infantry, which
may not be in condition for further ser
vice. General Wood's last reports indi
cate that owing to the tranquility pre
vailing in Cuba it will be entirely safe to
decrease the military force there quite
largely.
But even with these Cuban troops it will
be necessary, if the Cabinet's plans are
carried out, to divest the home posts of
gairi^ons, save in the case of the heavy
artillery organizations at sea-coast points.
About all the troops within the borders
of the I'nited States which would be avail
able for Chinese service under a call are
these regiments: Second, Fifth, Seventh
and Eighth cavalry regiments intact; one
squadron each of the First and Sixth
Cavalry; the First, Tenth and Eleventh
regiments of infantry complete; one bat
these regiments: Second. Fifth, Seventh
Fourteenth. Eighteenth, Twenty-third and
Twenty-fifth infantry regiments, and
three companies of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry. This available force of cavalry
and infantry aggregates about 9000 men.
Some artillery undoubtedly would be sent,
and there are light batteries K of the
First Artillery, A and F of the Second,
C and F of the Third. B of the Fourth,
G of the Fifth and C and M of the Seventh
available. There are besides Companies
C and D of the Engineers and four com
panies of the Signal Corps.
Estimates May Be Increased.
Secretary Root was reluctant to admit
that there was any necessity for more
American troops in China, and at the close
of the day he said that thus far he had
Issued no. orders for reinforcements.
Secretary Root said that in view of the
small standing army of the /United States,
of our insignificant force of field artil
lery as compared with that of the great
European powers and of our lack of terri
torial interest in China, the 10,000 men
represented more than the United States'
pro rata share of the international force
which is to operate against Peking. The
War Department, he said, so far has re
sponded in full to every demand made
upon It by the joint conference of foreign
commanders in China. The situation has
changed so rapidly from day to day as to
alter the estimate of the foreign com
manders several times. It is possible
that the estimate of troops needed for
Chinese service will be again increased.
If so, the United States will respond. By
scouring this country and denuding it of
all regular troops except a very few in
the heavy artillery in charge of valuable
poacoast guns and by making still fur
ther demands upon the forces In Cuba
and Porto Rico, we might possibly gather i
between 3000 and 400(5 additional troops. '•
This, however, would be the limit unless
the War Department disregarded a ree
ommendatiflh of General MacArthur and
drew still further on the available troops
in the Philippines. This was a future
contingency which would not have to be
met until it arose. Secretary Root ex
pressed the hope that the first reports of
the disastrous battle of the 13th at Tien
tsin might prove to be exaggerated, but
the War Department, it was stated, had
no official information beyond that trans
mitted in Admiral Remey's cablegram of
this morning.
General Males' View.
General Miles was called upon by Sec
retary Root during the afternoon to coun
sel with him as to the projected troop
movements. He favors the prompt dis
patch of a large force to China,
A good deal of annoyance has been
caused here by the complete misunder
standing that has been conveyed to the
European nations as to the attitude of
the United States Government regarding
the settlement of the Chinese troubles.
This Government, it can be stated author
itatively, never has thought of com
promising for money or any other form
of indemnity. Indeed, the subject of
money indemnity or any apology never
has been thought of or mentioned by the
Government of the United States. The
Government will insist on Justice and ret
ribution, according to the highest author
ities.
The War Department officials were un
able to hay who commands the Ninth In
fantry since the death of Colonel Liscum.
The impression prevails that the lieuten
ant colonel of the regiment is ill at Ma
nila and that the regiment, or what is
left of it, will find Its senior and conse
quently commanding officer in one of the
captains. Incidentally it may be men
tioned that through Colonel Liscum's
death Captain McCalla of the Newark, if
ashore, is the ranking American officer.
ARIZONA CHINESE
ARE IN NO DANGER
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 16.— In an Inter
view ancnt the likelihood of annoyance
of Chinese residents in case of confirma
tion of the news of the massacre at Pe
king, Acting Governor Alters said he an
ticipated no trouble In Arizona. Nearly
all of the Celestials in the Territory are
members of the Chinese reform party,
which is against the Boxer movement and
in favor of a modern form of Govern
ment. In case there should be- trouble.
Governor Akers says, the only available
troops are at Fort Huachuca, on the
San Carlos reservation, although more
could come from New Mexican garrisons
in two days' time.
PREFERRED SUICIDE TO
CAPTURE BY CHINESE
BERLIN. July 16.— The correspondent
here of the Associated Press has re
ceived private information from London
that a private letter was received there
from Lady. Claude Macdonald (wife of
the British Embasrador at Peking), writ
ten when the situation ' was /growing
threatening, saying that all the ladies of
the legation had supplied themselves with
poison
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
Barbarous Slaughter of Native
Christians by the Fanatical
Boxers in the Vicinity of
the Chinese Capital.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 1 6.—
President McKinley on his return to Washington from Canton will give personal at
tention to many questions arising out of the condition of affairs in China. The situa
tion was thoroughly discussed at the Cabinet conference held at the State Department this
morning-. The general opinion was that the news of the next few days would determine
whether Congress ought to be called. If it should be found that the Chinese Government
was in no way involved in the outrages against foreigners there will be no necessity for a
declaration of war against China, and the President could send additional troops for the pro
tection of American lives and property and for the restoration of order by the same author
ity that he had sent those already on Chinese soil. ' •
Should it be found that the Chinese Government is responsible and that the allied
force in China is really fighting- the "Chinese Government, it may be necessary to have a dec
laration of war against China, and Congress alone has the constitutional power to make such
declaration.
CONGRESS MAY BE CONVENED TO DECLARE WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900
2Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 16.-The Journal has
this from London: The Government here
admits to-nigrht on the strength of advices
received to-day from Hongkong and from
its consular officials at various Chinese
ports that the antl-'oreign movement Is
rapidly spreading: all over the vast Mon
golian empire. All hopes of restricting
hostilities to the banks of the Pel-ho River
in the north have been abandoned and
it Is realized that before many days are
passed all China with Its teeming popu
lation of 400,000,000 will be In a blaze of
savage warfare against foreign powers.
Boxers are already reported to be at
tacking and burning suburbs of Port Ar
thur, Russia's great seaport, naval arse
nal and terminal of the Trans-Siberian
line on the Chinese sea coast, while the
costly construction work of the Muscovite
Railroad across Manchuria has all been
destroyed.
In Tonquln. •which now belongs to
France, but which formerly constituted
part of the Chinese empire, there has
been an alarming revival of Chinese out
rages and attacks upon the French set-
USING THE TORCH IN
PORT ARTHUR'S SUBURBS
i LONDON, July 17.— A dispatch to the Telegraph from St. Petersburg says the War Of
fice announces that the Governor General of Amoor district telegraphed on July 13 reporting
the steamer Michel, from Khabarovsk for Blagovyestchensk, with five vessels laden with ar-
tillery and ammunition for the latter place? was fired upon by Chinese and stopped while pass
ing the Chinese town of Aigun. Three officers stated they had received orders to prevent ves
sels from navigating the Amoor. They demanded to see the Michel's- commander. Captain
Krivtsoff visited the Chinese about an hour afterward. Colonel Goldschmidt, Russian fron
tier commissioner for the Amoor district, arrived on board the Selenga with a squadron of
Cossacks and ordered the vessels to continue their voyage.
As soon as they started the Chinese ffred on them again. This drew a return fire from
the Selenga. The Michel' arrived at Blagovyestchensk with her sides and funnels damaged.
Colonel Goldschmidt and two Cossacks were wounded. Captain Krivtsoff, whom the Chinese
arrested, was sent to Aigun/ where he was informed tHat orders had been issued not to allow
Russian vessels to pass. . He was afterward sent to Blagovyestchensk without'escort. Two
companies of riflemen, three batteries and one hundred Cossacks were sent from Blagovy
estchensk to protect the vessel's passage of the river past Aigun.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RUSSIAN SHIPS FIRED
UPON BY THE CHINESE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/*"> A.L.L. HEADQUARTERS. WEL-
I LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINQ-
I TON, July 16.— Twenty- two thou-
V-*^ sand men will comprise the force
the United States will put Into China. It
Is understood that General MacArthur
has been called upon for between ten
General Shafter Called Upon
to Select Four Batteries
to Sail on the Transport
Hancock.
ARTILLERY FOR
CHINESE SERVICE
RUSSIANS SAVED BY
A JAPANESE FORCE
WASHINGTON, July 16.— The Japanese
legation to-day received a cablegram from
the Minister for Foreign Affairs, dated
Tokio, iJuly 10, giving some belated de
tails of the fighting at Tientsin on July 3,
when the town was still in the possession
of the allies.
According to this cablegram there are
4000 Japanese 'troops at Tientsin. More
than half the allied troops in the attack
on Tientsin on the 13th, therefore, were
probably Japanese. The cablegram is as
follows:
"On the 3d inst a large body of Chinese
soldiers appeared' before Tientsin and at
tacked the northern part of the set
tlement, which was guarded by the Rus
sian troops. The Japanese sent to their
aid, at the Russian general's request, one
battery of artillery and two companies of
Infantry. After a heavy cannonade they
silenced the Chinese guns and finally re
pulsed the enemy.
"The Japanese losses in this engagement
were two captains killed and about thirty
non-commissioned officers and men killed
and wounded. Major General Fukushima
has now under him at Tientsin about 4000
Japanese troops."
thousand and twelve thousand men, the
number depending upon the regiments se
lected, and they will comprise all arms
of the service.
In view of the reports from Tientsin
to-day, showing the need of artillery, in
structions were sent to Major General
Shafter, commanding the Department of
California, directing him to select four
batteries of the Third Artillery and di
rect them to prepare for Immediate trans
portation to China. The batteries of the
Third Artillery, which General Shafter
probably will select, are A, C, I and O.
Battery C is a light battery and the oth
ers are foot batteries, but there will be
no difficulty in providing them with field
pieces and siege guns. These batteries
will sail with 500 marines on the transport
Hancock, which will leave the latter part
of the month.
ANOTHER BATTALION
OF MARINES WILL GO
WASHINGTON, July 16.— General Hey
wood, commandant of the marine corps,
is arranging for the mobilization of an
other battalion of marines for the Far
East. They will leave San Francisco as
soon as transportation can be arranged,
probably about August 5. The party will
be composed of one company of marines
from Boston, one from New York and two
from the marine barracks in this city. The
present intention Is to send the battalion
direct to Manila, but they may be diverted
to China for service there.
GUNS OF THE WARSHIPS
TRAINED ON CHEFU
CHEFU. July 16.— The guns of the Brit
ish cruiser Terrible, the American gunboat
Nashville and the other warships In the
harbor were trained on the city on Satur
day In answer to urgent messages sent
from shore that an outbreak was about to
take place. All the foreigners were called
out for defensive guard duty and they re
sponded with alacrity. Sentries were post
ed and kept close watch on the natives.
The men on board the ships kept close to
their guns and prepared to open fire at a
moment's notice, but the occasion did not
arise.
ALLEGED SLAUGHTER
OF CHINESE OFFICIALS
.WASHINGTON, July 16.— An unofficial
report has come to the attention of the
Chinese officials here to the effect that
3000 Chinese officials at Peking petitioned
Prince Tuan to protect foreigners, where
upon Prince Tuan ordered all those who
united in the- petition to be killed.
MBS. LAWTON'S GIFT.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July IS.— Mrs. Mary
Lawton, widow of the late General Law
ton, to-day purchased $100 worth of books
to be sent to Mrs. Liscum at Manila when
she heard of Colonel Lisoum's death in
China. Mrs. Lawton was greatly shocked
by the news.
HO YOW, the Imperial Consul Gen- i
eral of the Chinese Empiie. is of
ficially preparing to receive pass
port? for himself and his attaches.
In an interview with a Call reporter at
a !ate hour last night the Consul ex
pressed i lie deepest regret and sorrow f<-r
the turn that affairs had taken, and he
fc-ars now that his fellow countrymen here
may be made to suffer for the atrocities
that are being committed in China upon
American?. He says the result of the
j->rr?ent troubles may be a war without
quarter that will put in the shadow all
of th»» bloody religious wars of history,
incluoir.g the driving of the Mo^rs from
Granada, the Huguenots from France
- nd the more recent bloody episode of the
.Soudan.
"But there is one thing that I feel
should be thoroughly explained and im
pre=s"d upon the people of California."
said the Consul General, "and that is that
the Chinf-se in this State are to a man
hr-:irt and soul against the Boxers and
the awful crime they are committing
against humanity. I have just attended
a meeting of the leading Chinese mer
chants of S-in Krancifco. at which it was
decided that they would immediately
close thoir business here if necessary and
offer their services to the United States
as volunteers to go to China and light
under tlio L'nitcd Slates llajr with the
allied powt-r*.
"Tfure is; a strong rear .in for this. The
Canton.'se. •who are the true Chinese, have
themselves btcn the great ests'dfferf-rs from
the opj'"ession of fanatical Boxer*. For
eighteen month* the imperial court has
been slov.iy driving out the Cantonese
from every position of power and trust.
Six months ag'» the nephew of a merchant
hore, who v.a? a household guard in the
Imperial Pnlace. was compelled to resign
merely because he was a Cantonese and
the Tartar rulers blame them for having
brought the foreigners into China. They
toy, "The Cantonese have traveled abroad
and have brought back with them the for
eigners and foreign way* and we will
punish them for It.'
"I have received to-day by the steamer
Coptic a letter from a friend of mine who
fs a high official at Peking, in which he
stares that every Cantonese In Peking has
br-<n murdered by the fanatical Tartar
]: rxen. That If. every man who has not
='>n coaled himself or escaped In disguise..
There wore or.Jy Fomo three or four hun
dred foreignTs'in Peking and there have,
therefore, been ten Cantonese killed for
eneiy one European or American. Those
ir/n are ail relailves, friends or at least
follow citizens of the Chinese In San
JYar.cisco. so you can see that there is
g-o<<<1 rr-2?nn why our merchants here are
burning to enlist with the United States
and to make all haste to aid it and the
other powers to avenge the horrible
rrrmes of th* Tartars and put an end to
a war which, if net nipped in the bud.
viiJ Hood the world with blood.
"JUI of this bloodshed which ha? s»l
rrariy occurred, with lh^ exception of the
H'.Hnjj of lhc Gorman Min'.stcr. was the
o:rc-ct roFult of the takincr cf the TaUu
forts, vhfeb put the fanatics in n frenzy
end pet them out of all bonds.
"I do not say that !t was not necessary
to take the forts,' hut I do say this, that
no such move should have bren made to
precipitate matters until the powers wer*> :
in a. position to EoUotr up ibr.fr advantage
and hnj<i the ground which thev might
pnin. Nothlrjr rttould havr been done un
til they had sufllciont forces massed to
make them masters of the situation. Of
omj»-se. I know that the taklnsr of the forts
was necessary In order to obtain a base
of oncrntlonR. but I say that It should
rot have been don<» when It could but
Jnfiamo the raping hordes who were but
w^'inrr ih' «park to fire them.
"Th!* pnnc taking «f the Taku forts
rift only fnfinmp'l the Boxers but put the
Imperial troops In such a state that they
r^vo'tfi ara'"rt tr""lr !eid?*r5 rvnd jo!ne«1
trip P-oscrs. Even the princes of the royal j
Hr 'A. who v:r>T<* In' command of the!
r«— v, v.vrr dhiflpo 1 . Ju?t a* the Nrrth nr.d
i\/ h were her* !n America, and while
rn« >t of thejte Tartan* were of course
flphtlng foreigners and progress, there
vrrro «sorr>e who sympathized with the re-
'-••m and progressive element, and like
received definite orders from him. If such
orders come I should possibly resign my
position and remain here as a private citi
zen. My life would not be safe in China
were the Boxers in power. I am a Can
tonese and would be an object of their
hatred as much as would any American or
European. Prince ,Tuan's activity comes
from the fact that he desires to get hl»
son upon the throne, and the life of the
son of a Chinese is of 'more importance to
him than his own. At present Minister
Wu and myself are oniy awaiting devel
opments."
i Prince » ar.g Weng Shao and Prince
| Ching lost their lives attempting to stem
; the awful Hood of insane murderers.
"I am not astonished at the awful havoc
1 which the disturbers have been able to
I make with machine guns and modern ar
; tillery. for ever since the war with
I France there have been arsenals at work
j in China arming the Manchu Tartars for
the war that they knew would come. In
i addition to this there have been the lm
| portations from the gTeat German gun
I works, and I dare say that It was with a
! gun of German make, held by a man who
: had been drilled under a German tacti
: clan, that the Embarsador of the German
; Emperor was killed. German officers
j have been drilling the Tartars and now
j the results will be seen.
"I asraln wish to impress it upon the
j American people that the Chinese of San
Francifco are as deeply Interested In any
thing which will put down the uprolling
! wave of Tartar or Boxer barbarism as are
{ any of the Americans. You may not per
! haps realize it, but there are here In San
: Francisco now three hundred Chinese who
have served under Dewey in different ca
pacities in the war in the Philippines,
and the merchants of this city are willing
and anxio-jF to organize and equip these
and other Chinese and place them at the
command of the United 'States.
"They would be of inestimable value,
for they could act as guides, interpreters
and advis-ers. and In a thousand ways
] they could be of advantage to an army
in the strangest country that ever Cau
casian;-: have entered.
"In regard to the report that Admiral
Seymour has been killing his wounded. I
think it Is highly improbable that he
I would have done any such thing and then
! made his report of It at Mich a late day.
j for it was t*»n days ajro that he returned,
i and it would be extremely strange for him
to withhold such an important communi
cation for euch a length of time. Of
course, if. It is so. it is much to be re
gretted.
"As to the lenpth of time that the war
will continue. When the powers pet
through playing with politics then things
will progress. Russia, though, has not
been able to withdraw any of her men
from the railroad, as the Roxprs have
been tearing up her newly built track and
have cut olT h*>r communication with her
base of supplies. For that reason the
Boxer* can count upon no support from
Russia, and I think that this war will
see the end of the Tartar dynasty in the
Chinese empire, which has been the ruling
power there for 400 years.
"As to my personal position here, I am
the representative of his Imperial High
ness Kwong So. I much fear that he is
dead. The Empress Dowager I do not
; think fs dead." No, not at all. That leaves
me In a doubtful position. I will, of course,
follow the actions, of Minister Wu at
Washington. If he Is given his passports
and leaves his position we-^should do the
same of necessity.
"I undertand that Minister Wu Is ready
to leave at any time. 1 have not as yet
CONSUL GENERAL HO YOW
EXPECTS HIS PASSPORTS
will be able to give a creditable exhibi
tion.
At 9 o'clock the old guard was relieved
by the new. Captain M. F. Hynes of
Company F. who was officer of the day.
on Sundav and Monday was succeeded by
Captain H. J. Power of Company I. ana
Lieutenant J. M. To'ohy of Company G,
who was officer of the guard, by Lieuten
ant T. J. Curtain of Company O. The
ceremony of guard mounting, which la
eald to b« the prettiest In the army regu
lations, was splendidly executed by the
cadets under the direction of Sergeant
Gauran.
a belle of Santa Cruz led the march and
over 150 couples wound their way round
the sr>acious hall.
Ralph S. Miller was floor manager and
George Staffler Jr. and Major Daniel
Deasy acted as his assistants. The fol
lowing committee also lent valuable aid:
Mrs. Mangels, Mrs. J. J. Roney, Mrs.
William Horton, Mrs. K. Handley, Miss
M. Thompson. Miss Jennie Mulhern, Miss
Agnes Cooney, Miss A. Ponsano, Captain
I. J. . Dwyer, ,. M. C. Hopkins, Captain
Hynes, Lieutenant Vincent Carroll. J. F.
Stanton, James D. Talt, C. J. Gillen and
J. J. Doran.
The success'of the affair was due to the
efforts of the following committee of ar
rangements. Mrs. J. J. Roney, Mrs. Man
gels, Mrs. Bowes, Mrs. Martin. Miss M.
Thompson, Miss K. Handley, Miss Lizzie
Bueb, Miss A. Hughes', Miss Ripp, Henry
Kingsley, Mr. Mitchell. J. J. Doran.
George S. Talt, T. W. Kelly, E. A. Cook
and J. T. Stanton.
On Wednesday evening the field and
staff officers of the regiment will be guests
of honor at a banquet tendered them b/f*
the Board of Trade of this city.
The real business of the camp was In
augurated to-day, when the three battal
ions under their respective commanders
were drilled in the school of the battal
ion. Major Daniel Deasy of the First Bat
talion was assisted by Corporal Phllhower
of the regular army. His battalion was
gut through the extended saber exercises
y the latter and profited by his teaching.
Sergeant Gauran lent material aid to
Major James Powers by enlightening the
Second Battalion on the mysteries of the
skirmish drill, and Major "Jack" Duffy
made things lively for the Third Battal
ion. The cadets profited by their first les.
son, and before the middle of the week
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SANTA
CRUZ, July 16. — A reception and
ball was tendered the First Regi
ment, League of the Cross Cadets,
to-night in Armory Hall .by the
Catholic Ladies* Aid Society, Young La
dles' Institute and the Young Men's Insti
tute of this city. The affair was attended
by the leading people of this vicinity and
was a brilliant success. The hall was
beautifully decorated for the occasion
with evergreens and bunting and pre
sented a handsome appearance. The la
dies were attired in gay costumes, which
were set off prettily by the dark uniforms
of the cadets.
The programme which preceded the
dancing opened with an overture of na
tional airs by Hastings' Band. At the
conclusion of the selection Mayor J. P.
Parker of this city was introduced and in
a short and happy speech formally ten
dered the freedom of the city to the visit
ors. Charles M. Cassan followed and paid
a high tribute to the regiment and com
mended the principles for which it stood.
Throughout his speech he was greeted
with applause. After another selection
had been rendered by the band, Company
D, twice prize-winners of the competitive
drill, in command of Captain I. J. Dwyer
and Lieutenants Sullivan and McCarthy. !
gave an exhibition drill. The perfect man
ner in which the company executed diffi
cult maneuvers won . enthusiastic ap
plause. At the close of the drill dancing
was inaugurated. Colonel E. J. Power and
The Captain Buckmlller referred to in
the dispatches as having been wounded
is Captain Edward V. Bookmiller. He is
a young West Pointer, entering the acad
emy from Ohio in 18S5. His first commis
sion was that of second lieutenant in the
Second Infantry in 1S99. He became at
tached to the Sixteenth Infantry as cap
tain in 1S99 and joined the Ninth Infantry
by transfer in the same year.
Captain Charles R. Noyes of the Ninth
Infantry is adjutant of the regiment. He
also was a West Pointer, having been
appointed from Massachusetts in 1S75. He
got his first commission In the Ninth In
fantry In 1S79 and has been with that or
ganization ever since, becoming first lieu
tenant in 1SS7 and captain in 1S9S.
WASHINGTON*. July lS.-The
War Department has prepared
the following account of Colo
nel Liscum's service record:
He was born in Vermont in
IS4X He entered the volunteer service as
corporal in the First Vermont Infantry in
May, 1S61. and was appointed second lieu
tenant February 19. 1861 He rose in the
regrular line to colonel of the Ninth Infan
ta ry April 25, l<i?9.
While in the Spanish war he was briga
dier general of volunteers July 12, 1S»S,
serving in that capacity until December
SI of the same y«=ar. Hi? record, briefly
stated Is chronological order, is as fol
lows:
Brcvetted for Gallantry.
Brevetted captain I'r.ited States army
Auprust 1. "MA. for gallant services in the
battle of Bethesda church and during the
camrajgn before Richmond. Va.
During the war of 1SS1-CJ. with his regi
ment in the Army of the Potomac, par-
Tio:patir.g in the battles of Cedar Moun
tain. Bull Run, Chancellorsville. Gettys
burg < where he was wounded). Bethe^da
church and the siege of Petersburg.
Since the War of the Rebellion he
served on the frontier, etc.. to April. 1H>S,
commanding his regiment in Florida and
in the Santiago campaign to July 1, 1S0S.
when he was wounded in the battle of
San Juan, Cuba; on sick leave to April,
IS??, and commanding his regiment en
route to and in the Philippine Islands and
in command of the First Brigade, Second
Division. Eiphth Army Corps, January 15,
1900, to April IS, 1900; commanding his regi
ment in the Philippncs to June 27. 1900,
when he sailed with it for Taku, China,
Captain Davis' Record.
Captain Austin R. Davis. United States
marine corps, also killed, was a native of
Georgia. He entered the marine corps as
a second lieutenant July 1, 1<&4. He
went out to the Philippines in April, 1S09,
in charpe of the marines who took over
the Cavite naval station from the mili
tary branch. His commission in the ma
rine corps is dated from March 3. 1?99.
Captain William B. I>emlry of the ma
rine corps, who is reported as wounded,
is a native of North Carolina and a
nophew of Judge Advocate General Lem
lcy of the navy. He entered the corps on
its increase in March. 1^K». being attached
to the staff as an assistant quartermaster
with the rank of captain.
Lieutenant Smedlev D. Butler of the
marine corps, also wounded, was one of
the m>w nffioprs In the service, havins
been appointed from Pennsylvania in
April, 1S99. He was sent to the Philippines
immediately on his appointment and was
one of the officers drawn from the jCavIte
station by Admiral Kempfl at the begin
ning of the fighting at Taku.
Lieutenant H. Leonard.
Lieutenant Henry Leonard of the ma
rine corps was appointed to that service
from the District of ¦Columbia In April,
1S99. He accompanied Lieutenant Butler
to the Philippines soon after his appoint
ment and also joined Kempff's forces at
Taku. #
Major James Reaffan of the Ninth In
fantry entered the military service from
New York as a musician in Company H,
Second Infantry, before the Civil War. He
served throughout that war and received
a commission as second lieutenant on the
Sth 'of December, 1S66. He was assigned
to the Ninth Infantry as a first lieutenant
in 1S70 and has been attached to that reg
iment ever since, becoming a captain In
1SS7 and a major In 1S99.
Gallant Record of Colonel Liscum in the Civil and
Spanish-American Wars and on the
Frontier.
RECEPTION TENDERED THE
CADETS AT SANTA CRUZ
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
IXGTOX July 16.— Peking at this
moment Is not the point on which
the eyes of the administration are
centered. Tientsin has the focus of the
world's attention. It Is evident to the
officials that Prince Tuan understands
the necessity of uniting China against for
eigners, and, to accomplish the welding
together of the empire in opposition to
foreigners, the weakness of the latter must
be demonstrated. Consul General Good
now recently reported that the defeat of
the allies in the north would cause an out
burst of disaffection in Central and
Southern China. Prince Tuan knows the
conditions that exist better than Mr.
Goodnow, and he and his supporters are
undoubtedly making determined efforts to
drive the foreign troops to the sea before
such large reinforcements arrive that it
will be Impossible to defeat 'them. There
fore Tientsin is the point at which It
probably will be determined whether a
section of China or all of China shall en
gage in combat with foreigners.
The seriousness of the situation at that
point, as shown to-day by Admiral Re
mey's dispatch, diverted the attention of
the authorities from the reports of the
horrible catastrophe which occurred at
Peking. It has been known for'some days
that the situation at Tientsin was des
perate, but the true character of the
situation came home to the officials only
when Rear Admiral Remey's dispatch was
deciphered.
There is excellent reason for believing
that as a result of the dangerous situa
tion in Tientsin the several powers are
arranging to greatly strengthen their
forces there, and to protect communica
tion between Tientsin and Taku. Concern
is expressed over the possibility that the
Chinese will attempt to isolate the allies
at Tientsin, and by repeated assaults,
participated in by the hordes at Prince
Tuan's disposal, they will be able to ex
haust the troops, as they are reported to
have exhausted the guards at Peking. -
This will be by no means an easy task,
however,* as a dispatch received by the
Japanese Legation states' that there are
at Tientsin about 4000 Japanese troops,
under Major General Sukushima. The
American force consists of 2000; the Rus
sians have about 3000, and the British,
German and French about 3000 men, mak
ing the total effectives about 12,000 men.
This force is not strong enough to main
tain itself and protect communications.
The authorities agree that It is impossible
to order the position abandoned, and ad
ditional troops will have to be sent to the
support of the allies.
Secretary Long is one of the few officials
in Washington who believes the foreign
ers in Peking are safe.
"There Is no direct evidence yet," he
said late this afternoon, "that there has
been a massacre. On the other hand, thi
murder of the German Minister was
known at once. If the Ministers had all
been slain on June 30 we would undoubt
edly have been promptly advised. We are
constantly getting routine dispatches
from Admiral Remey and the consular of
ficers in China. If anybody could learn
that a reported massacre occurred they
certainly would have ascertained and re
ported the fact."
May Share the Fate of Peking
Legation Guards Unless
Reinforcements Are Hur
riedly Sent In.
TIENTSIN FORCE
IN GRAVE PERIL
OFFICERS WHO FELL IN THE
DESPERATE TIENTSIN BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
Continued on Fourth Page.
3
SCENES IN AND ABOUT CAMP O'RYAN AT SANTA CRUZ
Exhibition Drill Given by Company D, the Prize-
Winner of the Regiment, Is Heartily
1 • ! Applauded. \ V
CONSUL GENERAL HO TOW.
OFFICERS OF THE NINTH UNITED STATES INFANTRY KILLED
AT TIENTSIN.
BIG DOLLAR LIST.
1 boys' suit, 4. 5. 6 and 7 years tl^
6 men's and boys' caps and straw hats LOO
1 man's black Fedora hat. a good one l.'fl
20 pairs men's common 1 00
8 K-cent neckties and bows l.no
20 yards ecru scrim, wide 1.00
1 fine, large white bedspread l.no
1 pair of blankets, white or colored 1.<V>
40 sheets white or colored wadding 'i.tt
I pair I5.<X> fur pants. NOME l.«>
1 $3.00 sheep pelt lined Jacket LM
3 fur-lined sleeping hoods l."0
115.00 cork life preserver l.Ort
12 wood chair seats, assorted l.OO
2 ladies' or girls' combination suits 1.<X>
12 felt and straw hats, girls', women's 1.00
4 yards 50-inch table linen LM
14 15c packages "Hecker'3" Farina l.w
8 Jars home made Jelly or Jam l.Ou
12 cans high-grade Pie Fruit l.<*>
12 rans Maine pack sugar corn l.no
5 large cans pie fruit, assorted 1.Q0
12 can3 full-weight oysters, best l.«o
16 bottles shoe dressing, ladies' LM
12 cans assorted vegetables, no two alike.... LM.
7 yards heavy gray or brown Jean 1.00
1 pair ladies' Sunday shoes, lace l.fcO
1 pair ladies* strong, neat shoes, button l.oo
1 pair girls' shoes, 13^-i to 5. button, fine... l.oo
3 pr. O. S.. 2 1 *. 3, 3H. low or high. $1 grade. 1.00
K0 shoestrings, short and long 1.00
20 skeins Saxony yard, assorted 1.C0
25 CENT ITEM 5.
1 U. S. flag. 4 feet long a
2S regular photograph envelopes 25
6 ruled tablets, note size, good 25
1 little boys' 50c drum 25
1 pair baby shoes. 1 to 4 2->
SO spools buttonhole twist 25
12 spools manufactures' cotton, black 25
> small handle baskets 25
6 cream juxs. little and big 23
1 youths' washable vest. IS. 17. IS years 23
1 candlestick of Cala. wood, pretty 25
1 22-plece tea set— toy set , 23
1 toy wash set. woodenware 25
1 pair men's working gloves 25
1 pair gold (?) sleev« buttons 21
1 gold (?) scarf pin with setting 25
12 papers tacks, assorted, for family use 25
1 large bottle furniture varnish 25
1 5-ft. leather shawl strap, good 25
1 8-quart apple butter Jar and cover 25
1 painted chamber kettle S5
4 bottles fine table sauce 25
2 large cans brown bread. Eastern 25
10 CENT ITEMS.
1 12-plece China tea set— toy 10
1 dressed-doll. 12 Inches long— common .'..10
1 fishing reel. 2-blt kind 10
3 packages of mince meat 10
25 school sponges, not very good 10
1 beautiful little nlsht lamp 10
1 ladles' sleeveless vest 10
1 skein hlKh-«rrade Saxony yarn 10
1 yard wide ribbon, black, red or blue 10
1 hatchet, regular size, not extra 10
1 box white school crayons 10
1 roll best creoe paper, any color 10
1 baseball, right good one 10
1 tin bucket and shovel 10
1 set A-B-C blocks »
1 child's picture book ., 10
1 game to amuse children 10
1 "old arm chair." toy size 10
5 CENT ARTICLES.
S Overland Magazines, all different, 1S39 1
1 Cala.' wcoJ pincushion 5
1 barrt-1 clothespins— toy size 5
1 pair hair curlers *
1 box water color paints 5
1 little call or table bell 5
12 boxes Vulcan Parlor Matches 5
1 Klass cream pitcher...* . ¦ J;CJ
1 salt or pepper shaker, fined. We one 5
1 10c spool fine linen thread 5
1 nice ball tor the baby 3
1 small farm yard, very cheap 5
I little Kirls" Jumping rope 5
1 little' 6-lnch doll, not dressed .......5
1 little hand scrub— you know 'em 5
12 pairs little child's side elastics, fair I
CASH STORE
Our friends will be glad to know this old
reliable house Is now running full blast under
the management of the SMITHS.
Send for free mailing list and other money-
savtnc lists.
25-27 Market SU San Francisco, Cal.
p. a rLast year there were twelve deer on ex
hibition at the market the day after the
opening of the season. Hut two bucks
hung from the hooks yesterday.
Equally poor shooting was found on the
Tamalpais preserves; 'William Brown has
the credit of killing a bigr.buck, and from
present reports this Is the only deer shot
Sunday on . these preserves. Over there
the excuse was that the dogs were too
ful. A 150-pound flve-point buck was the
result of his accurate aim. F. W. Van
Sicklen and W. B. Tubbs brought down a
buck apiece. The photograph shows the
deer as they hung: yesterday in the Cali
fornia market, the flve-point belonging to
Kittle and the forked horn to Van Sick
len.
*t MEA.GEB EXHIBITION OF BUCKS AT CALITOENIA MAEKET.
1
the outlook Is very grave. Shanghai,
Amoy, Nanking, Hankow and, indeed,
every European-American settlement in
China is threatened with the fate of Tien
tsin.
ALL CHINA SOON
WILL BE IN ARMS
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald I'ub
llsbing Company.
SHANGHAI, July 16.-There are no
details of the massacre in Peking,
but the Chinese authorities, having
given out the information and being
alarmed at the effect it has produced, are
attempting to deny or minimize it. No
reliance whatever need be placed on this
further evidence of their duplicity and
unreliability. The object of these bo
called friendly offices is to gain time.
The most serious development of the
situation is that Chinese olliciaj sources
indicate that the Boxers have been ad
vised to come south and that they Intend
to make Ching Han Po. at the head of
Grand canal, their objective point. Five
regiments have started for that place
with the Idea of gathering recruits on the
way.
This is likely to be the beginning of a
big movement directed against foreign
ers in the central and south of China.
An Imperial edict dated July 3 has. Just
been received by the Viceroys and Gover
nors, ordering them to begin war against
foreigners without delay, declaj-ing; offi
cers of all rank who refuse to obey the
edict will be summarily executed.
Another dispatch, dated July 7, gave
information of the departure of five regi
ments of northern soldiers for the south
and intimates that more will follow.
The fact tha.t_ troops caji now be liber
ated is of course explained by the mas
sacre of all foreigners In Peking, for need
qo longer exists to keep large bodies of
men in the capital. . i< -
The gravlty~of the eltnatlon cannot be
exaggerated. Many of the generals in
command in Yangtse district are Tartars
and Manchus and are in full sympathy
with the northern rioters. Advices from
Newchwang report that serious fighting
Is imminent there. The Boxers are close
to the foreign settlement. The Russians
have barricaded the streets and loop
holed many houses.
ORDERED TO TAKU.
WASHINGTON. July 16.— Admiral
Remey has cabled to the Buffalo, now at
Colombo, Ceylon, to proceed to Taku.
The trip will take three weeks. She has
on board about 400 fresh men to augment
the naval forces now In China. The
Princeton has sailed from Hongkong to
Amoy. She< has been going from port to
port along the Chinese coast, displaying
the American flag end looking after
American Interests.
MEMBERS OF COUNTRY
CLUB GOT FEW DEER
ARTILLERY FOR
CHINESE SERYICE
Continued From Third Page.
tlerp and military stations and of piracy
on the rivers, while Sir Henry Blake is
Ftated to have cabled that without strong
reinforcements he will be unable to de
fend the British territory of Kowloon on
the mainland opposite Hongkong.
Naval as well as military men who have
tx?«-n stationed at Hongkong do not hesi
tate to assert that with Kowloon and the,
remainder of the province of Kwantung
In the hands of the enemy, the safety of
Hongkong would be imperiled. Indeed.
Much indignation has been aroused
over the murder, and it recalls the wan
ton killing of a boy near Milpltas two
yean ago by a drunken constable, J. L.
Mrithews. who is now serving five years
In San Quentin.
An inquest was held at 4:30 by Coroner
Kell over the remains of Joseph Cech.
Attorneys Cothran and Gill appeared as
Epedal attorneys for the prosecution at
the instance or the Brewers' Union and
aided district Attorney Campbell. Ber
porot was not represented by counsel.
The first witness was Raii>h Peters a
hostler at the race track. He was within
twenty feet of the scene of the shooting
when the murder took place. His testi
mony convinced all that the murder was
cold-blooded. Peu-rs observed Bergerot
l«adir.g George Schmled. an old brewer
of San Francisco. Berger and Cech fol
lowed him, asking for the release of the
Bergerot's left eye is badly swollen, his
hat cut and the collar of his shirt Moody,
•¦howirg the rough usage he received at
the hands of the mob which gathered
about him after the shooting and pend-
Ine the arrival of Sheriff Langford and
*.oputics. who were summoned by Deputy
Sheriff Gruwell. There was no demon
tiraticn made against the prisoner, who
vas taken to the morgue in an open pa
trol wagon. A large crowd was present
at the Inquest.
Bsrgerot still maintains his braggadocio
Ftyle, but is as dumb as an oyster. He
absolutely refuses to talk declined to
take the stand In his own defense at the
Inqupst. Through the taking of testimony
he paid little attention to matters. The
lirutality of the man is plainly discern
ible. He is a Fplendid specimen of man
hood, six feet tall and powerful. He con
cucts a blacksmith shop at Alviso, and is
a native of Germany, 37 years of age
SAN JOSE. July 16.— Constable Fred
Bergerot. who in a drunken frenzy
killed Joseph Cech and fatally
wounded August Berger, has been
charged with murder by a Coroner's
jury, and the chances are that a
double crime will be placed against him.
Special Dispatch to The Call
A meeting growing out of yesterday's
tragedy was held at Hales Hall to-night
to protest against the further holding of
Sunday picnics and excursions. It was
called by the International Denomina
tional Sunday-School Association. The
place was crowded. W. O. Alexander
presided. Addresses were made by the
chairman. Revs. Kummer, Slaclaren and
Burton, J. L. Vinderwerker and Miss
Anna Fraser. Steps were taken to form
a permanent organization. W. Y. Alex
ander was made president. A committee
was appointed to wait on the Southern
Pacific Company to see If excursions to
San Jose could not be stopped, and also
on the Council and Supervisors to have
legislation passed stopping Sunday pic
nics.
After a short deliberation the Coroner's
jury returned a verdict that Cech came
to his death from a gunshot wound in his
head, fired from a pistol in the hands of
Fred Bergerot.
It is not believed Berger will live. The
bullet entered his head, and his left side
is paralyzed.
J. S. Johnson Btated that Bergerot and
Cech had engaged in an altercation at the
bar durins the afternoon and had been
separated.
H". Y. .Liebenthal was somewhat con
fused as to what took place. He was
sure that Bergerot fired two other shots
at him. but the witness was undoubtedly
so frightened that he failed to compre
hend what was going on.
Dr. Seifert states that the bullet en
tered Cech's neck and fractured the
ppinal cord, and that death was instan
taneous.
John Duncan saw two men push the
Constable and his prisoner apart. No
attempt was made by either of the men
shot to draw a weapon.
John Maloney testified, as did other wit
nesses, that when the shooting took place
both Berger and Cech were standing still
some feet away with their hands at their
side.
prisoner. The Constable let go of his
mail and moved off a short distance.
Without speaking the drunken official put
tip his club and drew his gun. He fired
the first shot in the air. then lowered his
gun and pointed it at August Berger and
shot at Berger, who fell. Cech then
turned toward his companion as he fell
and Ltergerot shot Cech in the neck. After
the latter fell Berperot shot at Cech. but
the bullet missed Its mark.
BELVEDERE COUPLE
DROP COMPLETELY
OUT OF SIGHT
Miss Bessie Warren and Tobias J.
Kelly Start in a Catboat to See
Yacht Race Sunday and
Have Not Returned.
and two brothers reside In Santa Cruz.
Kelly always carried a caul as a charm
against death at sea. On Sunday morn
ing, just before he left the hotel, he Jok
ingly said to Dr. Smith as he put It In his
pocket:
"I must not forget the caul when I go
on board."
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lang of this place
were walking on the hill above El Campo
on Sunday afternoon and saw Kelly's boat
passing through the straits to the river.
A-i y rem arked that it was a foolhardy
thing to do, but though no more of It till
to-day s developments. They are the last
people known to have seen Kelly and Miss
Warren. At McNears a Chinaman tells
of having seen a boat similar to the one
which Kelly had sailed pass there, but
Attorney Harry P. Diamond, from whom
Kelly bought the boat and who knows
«i? , gectlon of the bay thoroughly, says
that It was Impossible for the boat to have
got as far as McNears and yet not reached
land safely. Captain John Keefe, past
captain of the Corinthian Yacht Club,
said to-night:
Believes They Are Drowned.
'7, d .° n °t doubt for a moment but that
Kelly s boat is at the bottom of the bay.
This young man Kelly knew nothing
about sailing. It takes an experienced
ma .n to navigate in the waters hereabouts,
ihe boat was ballasted with 600 pounds
or railroad iron and carried a hundred
pound center board. She was undecked.
I think that Kelly tried to run before the
wind up the river waiting for a chance
to tack. The seas were running ten or
twelve feet high and it wouldn't take
many of those fellows breaking over the
bow to swamp such a craft as Kelly
had.
"You mark my words, those two young
people are at the bottom of the bay, some
where near Red Rock, I guess."
Attorney Harry P. Dimond said in ref
erence to the affair:
"I thfnk that Mr. Kelly was carried
through the straits and when off El Campo
or thereabouts realized his position and
tried to turn and head the boat toward
home. The sail probably swung over a>
she came round, 'jibed. 1 as seamen call it,
and the boat capsized under the sudden
stress. Mr. Kelly and I sailed the boat
all last year and this season he bought
her of me. She was a seaworthy little
craft and Kelly though a not very exper
ienced sailor understood sailing fairly
well. I can't understand how he came
to be carried out of the cove."
Charley McNeill, owner of the launch
Norwood, who has been up and down
the river for years, fears the worst has
befallen Kelley and Miss Warren. Dr.
James F. Smith of San Francisco, a guest
at the Hotel Belvedere and a friend of the
Warrens and of Kelly, says that the lat
ter was cool-headed In an emergency, but
in an open boat such as he was in on
Sunday, presence of mind would avail
nothing against the heavy seas then run
ning.
"f'oor young chap, he was one of the
best fellows that lived, and I can't believe
that he is In all probability drowned."
The sad affair has cast a gloom over
this little town as the missing young peo
ple were great social favorites. To-night
tho wires were kept busy with inquiries
and the possible fate of Miss Warren and
Kelly is the sole topic of conversation at
the hotel and in the town.
Miss Bessie Warren was 19 years old
and recently graduated from the Irving
Institute. She was very popular with all
who knew her.
m
Mr. Warren's Appeal.
The following appeal for assistance was
received at the Merchants' Exchange yes
terday from Mr. Warren;
SAN FRANCISCO. July 16. 1900.
The Merchants' Exchange Association. Cali
fornia street, San Francisco— Gentlemen: The
undersigned would consider It a Rreat favor if
vour ofnee would call the attention of bay and
river Captains to the fact that his daughter.
Miss Bessie T. Warren, in company with T.
J. Kelly, left Belvedere yesterday forenoon In
a "cat" boat for a short sail and have been
since missing. A boat answering the descrip
tion of this one with two people in her waa
seen by several parties In the vicinity of Mc-
Near's Landing about 4 o'clock yesterday
afternorn 1u?aded up river.
Trusting your members, should they by
chance see anything of the party, will render
them asBlstance and kindly report any occur
rences to your exchance or my office, I am,
gentlemen, yours most respectfully,
CHAIU..ES A. WARREN.
r^ ELVEDERE, July 16. — Almost
U«£v crazed with grief and suspense and
JLJ/ tortured by the uncertainty of the
fate of his only daughter Bessie.
Charles s -A. Warren,' the wealthy San
Francisco contractor, scoured the river
and bay from 4 o'clock this morning till
late to-night In a vain effort to find some
trace of the frail craft in which there is
now every reason to believe the girl and
Tobias J. Kelly, a young merchant of
San Francisco, met their, death during
the heavy *eas that prevailed off Angel
Island yesterday afternoon.
In the Hotel Belvedere Mrs. Charles
Warren, almost prostrated with grief, is
being tenderly cared for by friends who
are trying to keep from her the almost
absolute certainty of her daughter's
death. At the time of the accident Mrs.
and Miss Warren had been for two weeks
the guests of Miss Ilene Day, who, to
gether with Miss A. Smith. Mrs. War
ren's sister, is now caring for the grief
stricken mother.
At 6 o'clock to-night the fog rolled In
thick and precluded, all possibility of the
search continuing before early to-morrow
morning, when the launches C. MacNeill,
Norwood and Jennie C. and the yawl
Kittiwake will again start out in the
hunt. To-morrow they say they will find
some trace of the missing catboat, even
If it be but a floating piece of driftwood.
Yesterday there was an important
yacht race held here by the members of
the Corinthian Yacht Ciub and almost the
entire summer population of Belvedere
was afloat In the calm waters of the Bel
vedere Cove watching the big craft out
side. Among the number were \\ illiam
Warren. Mrs. Charles Warren, Miss Bes
sie Warren and Miss Edith Huff, their
guest, who resides on Webster street, in
San Francisco. Kelly, who was sailing
i his catboat., arrived alongside William
i Warren's party and offered to take them
I in his craft out nearer to the racing
! yachts. Both Mrs. Warren and Miss
I Huff, dissuaded by the threatening ap
i pearance of the waves in the bay, which
were being lashed into fury by a stiff
southwest wind, refused. Miss Warren,
I however, accepted.
Strangely •Disappear.
Kelly having taken her aboard steered
for the Raccoon Straits. What happened
after that no one accurately know?,
though a number of theories- are ad
vanced, the most reasonable being that
Kelly, who was not a very good rough
weather sailor, lost control of the catboat,
which was driven by wind and tide into
the treacherous mill race of Raccoon
Straits and then filled, and, being so
heavily ballasted, sank, bearing with it
the bo'dies of the two young pleasure
seekers.
At daybreak this morning three or four
searching parties were started out. Percy
Burr in his yawl Kittlwake beat up the
north shore of the river as far as Peta
luma drawbridge, but was unable to find
the slightest trace of the lost boat. The
launch Norwood, with Mrs. Charles War
ren and William Warren, brother of the
missing girl, on board, took the south
bank, into which all agree, with tho
southwest gale blowing, the boat, had
she not sunk, must have drifted. But
though they explored every inch, from
Goat Island to Vallejo, their efforts were
fruitless. The Jennie- C, manned by A. J.
and Charles Kinyon. also explored in and
around Marin islands, the Two Brothers
and Red Rock, but all in vain.
Dr. James F. Smith of San Francisco,
Kelly's closest friend, wired to all the
bay and river towns, but nowhere can a
vestige of the unfortunate young people
be found. All Belvedere now believe that
the boat sank somewhere between Angel
Island and Red Rock. This feeling is
shared by Charles Warren, the girl's
father, who, however, will continue the
search to-morrow. • Mr. Warren has
spent the whole day on the bay, accompa
nied by his son, William, and neither
has hope of Miss Warren 1 « safety.
Rumor Proves False.
A rumor was started this afternoon that
the boat and two bodies had been found
in the- tules In the Petaluma marsh, but
this, however, proved to be false.
Tobias J. Kelly, Miss Warren's com
panion, was staying at the Hotel Belve
dere with Dr. Smith. While neither a
member of the yacht club nor a very ac
complished sailor, he yet knew pretty well
how to handle a boat, having sailed the
same craft in which he was yesterday nil
last summer. William Warren feared the
bay outside the cove, as he knew Its repu
tation for boating accidents, and warned
his sister not to venture outside the cove.
Kelly was agent for Follmer, Clogg &
Co., umbrella manufacturers, and also for«
the International Shirt and Collar Com
pany. He' was a prominent member tt
the Cosmos Club of San Francisco, and
well known around town. He was born
in Santa Cruz County, was 31 years old.
STORM AND FIRE.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July 15.— A letter
from Atrato, Colombia, says Bocas del
Toro has been visited by a terrific gale,
which destroyed many buildings and
banana "plantations. Immediately after
the gale a. fearful fire swept the town,
destroying its finest buildings. The situ
ation Is said to be desperate, the people
being demoralized.
The fire originated through carelessness
in the Chinese quarter.
DETROIT. July 16. — In point of attend
ance and Interest the opening day of the
sixteenth annual blue ribbon racing meet-
Ing of the Detroit Driving Club, which
was the beginning of the grand circuit,
was more successful than the first day of
any previous meeting. Thirty-five hun
dred persons saw this afternoon's events
and remained till the end. although no
race was decided till after 6 o'clock, and
the last heat of the day waa trotted at
7:15.
Interest ce ntered chiefly In the Chamber
of Commerce $5000 stake for 2:24 pacer3.
Bonnie Direct, the favorite, won It after
being aulte a back number for the first
three heats. Annie Thornton made a game
fight, but the combined speed and bottom
of -the black son of Direct was clearly
the best of the field. Hal McEwen, who
had won the first heat, was unfortunately
Commerce Pacing Stake.
Bonnie Direct Wins the Chamber of
DETROIT DRIVING MEET.
PHILADELPHIA, July 16.— Donohue was un
able to puzzle Boston to-day and the visitors
won -without difficulty. The game was inter
esting, as both teams played well in the field.
Attendance, 3400. Score:
dubs- R- H- E.
Boston «•• 8 17 0
Philadelphia 16 2
Batteries— Nichols and Sullivan; Donahue and
Douglaes. Umpire— Eraslle.
NEW YORK. July 16.— New York defeated
the Brooklyn team in the eighth inning by
timely batting. Kelley was put out of the
game and Dahlen became so abusive In his
talk that Swartwood would have given him a
thrashing but for the Interference of the play
ern. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Brooklyn 6 U 2
New York 7 » Z
Batteries— Kltaon and Farrell: Carrlck and
Warner. Umpire— Swartwood.
CHICAGO. July 16.— Plttsburg won easily to
day. Cunningham pitched in poor form and re
ceived miserable support, all of Chicago's er
rors being very costly. Attendance, 1300. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago ¦* J » ;
Pltti-burg 7 13 1
Batteries— Cunningham and Donahue; Ches
bro, Tannehlll and Zlmmer. Umpire— O' Day.
Clubs— W. L.Pct. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....43 25 .632 Cincinnati ..33 36 .492
littsburg ...39 33 .B42 Rt. I»uis 31 38 .4*3
Phlladelphla.37 33 .629 Boston 30 37 .44S
Chicago 37 33 .529 New York. ..23 42 .3o4
Dahlen Narrowly Escapes a Thrash
ing by Umpire at New York.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
PITTSBTTTtG IN SECOND PI/ACE.
NEW YORK. July 16.— To-night, in
the presence of 14,000 persons in
Madison Square Garden, Terry
McGovern of Brooklyn defeated
Frank Erne of Buffalo, the light
weight champion of the world. The end
came In the third round. It was a hurri
cane fight from bell to bell, without a sec
ond's let up except when one of the con
testants was lying on the floor of the
ring. •
McGovern used the tactics he said he
would. He rushed In on Erne at the very
beginning, and sent left and right In such
quick succession that Erne, fast as he is,
was nonplused. Erne undoubtedly is the
cleverer of the two, but his cleverness
availed him naught against the bulldog
rushes and fiery attacks of the little
featherweight champion.
Erne of course trained far below his
usual weight, as he had agreed to meet
McGovern at 128 pounds, which is five
pounds below the lightweight limit: In
doing this many believed that the strain
would be too mnch for the Buffalo man,
and that McGovern. who is rugged and
tenacious, would surely beat him dowri.
Many of the wise ones compared Erne's
reduction of weight to that of Joe Wal
cott when the latter trained down some
years ago to 131 pounds in order to meet
Kid Lavigne in the lightweight class.
Walcott made a mistake on that occasion,
for Lavigne cut him to pieces.
To-night Erne said that he weighed on
ly 126% pounds, but declared that he was
in excellent condition. The betting at the
ringside was 100 to 60 on McGovern.
Erne was in excellent condition and was
as strong as ever. McGovern was at
about his best fighting weight, 123 pounds,
and ho was never in better condition in
his life. In the first round, when Erne
knocked McGovern down with a blow on
ihe head, and the little fellow took the
count before he got up, the Erne rooters
believed that their man would win. They
believed that McGovern would lose his
head from this knockdown, but they were
sadly mistaken, as the result proved.
McGovern got up with a grin on his face
and sailed right in with terrific force. He.
played sad havoc with Erne's body and
was satisfied to stand blows in the face
as long as he could reach Erne's wind.
In the second round Erne broke ground
several times, but always came back with
a dangerous left or right for Terry's
head. The fighting was so fast that it
was impossible to keep track of tha
blows, but Terry landed three blows to
Erne's two. In clinches, which were fre
quent, both men were guilty of holding,
but McGovern was the onlv one to be
cautioned by the referee.- Toward the
close of the round Terry put a hard one
over Erne's heart and a stiff right lower
on the body, which weakened Erne.
In the third round, which proved to be
the last, .Terry fought faster than ever.
He was up to his man all the time, grin
ning when he got a punch as well as
when he was sending one in. When he
floored Erne for the first time It looked
as If the latter would not be able to re
sume hostilities, but he rose to his foet
fairly strong and tried to offset Mr-
Govern's advantage. It was a futile at
tempt, however, as McGovern soon had
him in trouble again, as he floored him
once more with a blow on the Jaw and
lfft over the heart. Erne got up on his
knees and rested on his right hand. With
his mouth wide open he gasped for breath
and tried hard to regain his feet. HU
mouth and nose were bleeding profusely
and in addition to his struggle for wind
the blood was running down his throat
and partly choking him. By almost super
human efforts Erne got to his feet, but
he was in sore distress. It was now
evident that Erne was a beaten man and
McGovern started in to finish him. Terry
sent a smash to the face which landed
on Erne's nose and with a couple of blows
the little fellow paved the way for a
knockout swing, but Erne's seconds, see
ing their man had already enough, threw
up the sponge and saved the Swiss boxer
from a knockout.
In the early betting McGovern was an
even-money chance, but he was soon
made a favorite at 10 to 7. When the men
left the ring to go to their respective
dressing-rooms they were escorted by a
Bcore of policemen, who had to fight the
crowd in order to make a passage way.
When Erne returned to the dressing-room
it was found that his nose was badly
smashed and his mouth cut. but no other
marks were visible on his body. As for
Terry the only mark h» showed was an
abrasion of the skirt over the collarbone
on the right side.
Round 1— Terry rushed in and plant*! a l«ft
hook on Ern«'s face. He tried again, but wan
short Both fiddled and Terry Jumped in anj
sent left and right to head. Erne stabbed his
left and crossed his lead and then mixed • up
at close range and exchanged lefts and r'.ghu
on head and body. Terry sent left to head ana
Erne crossed his right to McOovern, fioorlr.<
him. McGovern took the count, resting on on
knee and was up. then swinging left and right
to head. The fighting waa now faat and furi
ous. Erne's nose waa bleeding. After a rattling
mix-up Terry hooked his left to body with ter
rific force, shaking up Erne from his heels to
his head. The bell found them In a hot rally.
Round 2 — Terry rushed In. sending: both bands
to the head. Erne sent hta left to the face.
Both landed right on head and went to a clinch.
cominc out on the breakaway. Terry hooked
his ri*rht to the head. Erne countering with
left. Terry rushed In again and was cautlon*l
for holding. Erne swung a hard right on
Terr>-s head. Terry sent his right to the body
and Erne made a wild swing, which miss«d the
rrark. Both were fighting at a terrific pace an '.
th« blows came a« fast as hailstones In a July
storm. Terry was Jabbing and hooking left*
and rights to Erne' 9 body, while Erne was
punching him in the face. Terry took h!a
medicine with a grin and still kept hammering
on the body. At the bell Erne showed signs of
weakness, while Terry was strong and rugged.
Round S— Terry rushed, but missed a left
h^ok. ami then he sent a left and right to th>?
cheat. Erne countering on the neck with hi*
left. Terry put a straight left on th« face an.l
a hard right en the body. Then he sent another
left to the face and, breaking from a clinch,
sent his left to the face. Terry forced :h*
fighting, battering Erne all over the rtng. an.l
with a terrific punch over the heart and a left
swing on the head he sent Erne to the floor,
where the lightweight champion lay for nine
seconds. When he got up Erne's face was cov
ered with blood, but Terry was remorseless.
The Brooklyn "terror" pounced on his oppo
nent and rained lefts and rights on head. far*
and neck, while Erne was ur.a'ule to send bark
a decent counter. Terry kept forcing him arvl
landed another hard Jab over the heart, anil
with right and left to head downed the Buffalo
man once more. Again Erne took nine seconds
of the count, but he came up groggy and prac
tically unable to defen-1 himself. Terry made
another one of his rushes, but before he could
put a finishing blow Erne's spenrvis threw up
the sponge and saved their man from belns
knocked out. Time of round. 2 minutes and U
seconds.
made and the records of the track win
the races. There will be many fast rotle*
surely be broken. There are many tine
horses entered. There is every Indication
of an excellent week's sport."
OVATION TO CLABK.
Founder of Christian Endeavor So
ciety Speaks in London.
LONDON. July 16.-About 20.000 people
participated to-day In the World's Chris
tian Kndeavor convention on the Alexan
dria. Palace grounds. Meetings were h**lii
simultaneously In the theater, concert
hall and large marquees. The speakers
Included Rev. C. M. Sheldon of Top«ka.
Kans., and Rev. George C. Lorlmer of
Boston. "Father" F. E. Clark, founder
and president of the Young People's So
ciety of Christian Endeavor, was given an
ovation when he , appeared on the plat
form. Mr. Sheldon spoke on "Commercial
Problems," expounding his well-known
views as to how business ought to be
conducted.
President Clark expressed himself as
greatly delighted at the widespread inter
est in the convention, and said he expect
ed 100.000 would be present at the great
rally on Wednesday. A party of <Oi> Amer
icans, who arrived at midnight, received
a cordial welcome.
Napa County Conventions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. July 16.— The Democratic Coun
ty Central Committee met here Saturday
afternoon and decided to hold the county
nominating convention In this city on Au
gust 25. at which time a candidate for
Senator from the Ninth District, compris
ing Napa and Lake counties. Assembly
man from the Elghtr.eenth District, and
three Supervisors will be placed in the
political field. A new central committee
'will also be chosen at this convention. A
delegate to the State convention, to be
voted for on August 14, will be selected
at a meeting of the central committee on
August 4. The Republicans will hold their
nominating convention on September 2t>.
almost a month later than the Democrats,
at Napa.
American Association Games.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 18.— H. M. ¦h!j>«
Pheasant and Icarus lett thi» afternoon to
patrol Bering Sea during the sealing season.
INDIANAPOLIS. July 18-— Th« Indianapolls-
Chlcago game was postponed on account of
'VeTTJOIT, July 18.— Detroit «. Milwaukee 4.
BITFKALO, July 18.— Buffalo 4. Minneapolis 3.
CLEVELAND July IS.— Tne Cleveland-Kan
gas Cltr game was postponed because of w«t
grounds.
In Less Than Three Rounds of Hot Fi^htin^ He
• Punishes Erne So That the Latter's
Seconds Throw Up the Sponge.
M'GOVERN IS NOW WORLD'S
CHAMPION LIGHTWEIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY/ JULY 17, 1900.
Citizens of San Jose, Because of
the Tragedy, Object to the
Holding of Sunday Picnics.
CHARGE OF MURDER
AGAINST BERGEROT
FRANK ERNE AND HIS CONQUEROR.
The one-mile bicycle race has a goodly
number of entries. All those who sent in
their names may not start, but there will
be enough to make it an Interesting event.
Gall Hardenbrook will be pacemaker and
the purse Is $100.
John Dinne, who is starter of the races
this week. In speaking; of the prospects
of the races in this city said to-day:
"This track Is In excellent condition for
VALLEJO, July 16.— Fifty-two race
horses were brought to Vallejo on Sunday
from Napa on the steamer Zlnfandel, and
forty more were driven from Napa, arriv
ing here at midnight.
Dan Phillips, a horse trainer, while ex
ercising a horse at the track, fell from the
animal and was stepped on. He received
Internal injuries.
Many Entries for the Week of Racing
at Vallejo.
GOOD SPORT PROMISED.
Hotel Cadillac Stake. J20C0, 2:14 class, trotting
—Dainty I>affo won fourth, fifth and six heats
and race: time. 2:15*i. 2:" 1 *. 2:^>'a Solon Grat
tan won first and second heats and was second;
time 2-lUi 2:12H. Fleetwood won third neat
In 2:13»i and was third. Glory, Our Lucky,
Allc* Barnes, Teto, Red Weed and D. I*. C also
"chamber of Commerce Stake. $5000, 2:24 class,
paclr-s— Bonnie Direct won fourth, fifth, eixth
heats and race; time. 1:13. tdftt, 2:12**. An
nie Thornton won second and third heats and
was second: time. 2:12«4. 2:13*4. Hal McEwen.
distanced In sixth heat, won first heat in Suffft.
Pussy Willow, George C. Robhett. Duchess, Joe
Wheeler Fred Wilton. Mount Clemens Boy.
Louise Mlddleton. Sport. Game. Cock, Connie
and Little Frank also started.
2:11 pacing, purse J1500. two In three — Connor
won In straight heats: time. 2:09, 2:10*;. Clin
ton second. Kate Medium third. White Hose.
O. M. C. Aelse. Edgar H and Kelvin also
started.
2 - 19 trotting. I2nno, two In three, unfinished —
Carrie won first heat In 2:13'i. Cornelia
Belle, Ma&ele Anderson, All Rtfcht, Abdul
Amer. Palmleaf. Harbormaster and Will Lane
also started.
distanced In the sixth and so forfeited
third money.
Glory was first favorite In the Cadillac
stake for 2:14 trotters, but could get no
better than fourth money. Dainty Daffo,
a Glen Falls mare, won the race quite
handily in the closing three heats.
The 2:11 pace was Connors' from start
to finish of the two heats necessary to
win.
The 2:19 trot was unfinished, owing to
darkness.
To-morrow Is M. and M. day. and the
$10,000 trotting stake Is expected to be the
great event of the meeting.
The track was rather heavy to-day,
owing to occasional showers, and a strong
south wind also prevented fast time.
The Chamber of Commerce time was
slower than ever before In the history of
that event. Results:
GRKAT was the disappointment of
the deer hunters who left this city
Saturday to get the first chance at
the antlered monarch of the peace
ful Marln County hunting preserves. They
went out with every prospect of bringing
back carloads of big game, but returned—
most of them — with nothing but stories
about the scarcity of "deer, the hot, dry
weather and other obstacles In the way of
good sport.
. On the Country Club preserves In Marln
County a number of the hunters were out
all of Sunday, but only three of them
have any deer to show for the day's
work. William S. Kittle, sure shot and
all-round: hunter, was the most success-
CONSTABLE FRED BERGEROT OF ALVlSO. WHO KILLED ONE MAN
AND WOUNDED ANOTHER AT SAN JOSE.
Photo by Bushnell.
4
Are apt to overdo thexr strength. The
rivalries of the road, the cheerful com-
panionship, the exhilaration of the swift
movement on the machine, all tend to
make a woman unconsciously overtax
herself. The results are often serious,
and may affect the whole future of wife-
hood and motherhood.
Every woman who is conscious of
feminine irregularities or disorders from
drain or any other cause, should begin
at once the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. It promptly corrects all
female irregularitj' dries the drains
which are so debilitating, and tones the
** nervous system. It
J/flL makes weak women
M*E£k strong and sick
£v&%B women well.
Ir5f*l) "I had falling: of in-
« _V ternal organs and had
to go to bed every
month; had irregular,
monthly periods
which would some-
times lart' ten or
v twelve days," writes
Mrs. Alice L. Hoi-
taes, of Coolspring
St., Uniontown, Pa.
"Had also indigestion
60 bad that I could
not eat anything
p hardly. Dr. Pierce's
, Favorite Prescription
1 and 'Golden Medical
[ Diacovery ' cured me.
\ I took three bottles
of the J Favorite Pre-
scription ' and one of
the * Golden Medical
Discovery.' ¦
Sick women are
invited to consult
Dr. Pierce by letter,
free. All corre-
spondence private.
Address, Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
CUBED WH1KE 0THEH DOCTORS FAILED.
TOLO. CAL.. May 23. 1000.
Da T. A. SAXDEN— Dear Sir: The Belt
that I bought from you thirty days a«gn
when I waa suffering from an attack o»
kidney trouble which the other doctors
could do no good, has completely relieved
me *nd I take pleasure in Klvlntt this tes-
timonial (or the benefit of suffering hu-
manity. MAXtJEL. TRAVIS.
When, after having tried all kinds of drug's, you find g£?&
yourself no better and perhaps a little worse than before, i|§iS
then is a good time for you to prove the merits of my jM>*
treatment. A . S&&
For thirty years I have demonstrated in every part of 4tt?l&
the United States the unquestionable superiority of my »i-^4*?^5&
Ok. SANDEN ELE.TRiC BELT (patented) f§§||||
in the cure of rheumatism, general and sexual weakness, J^Z&t&feZf**,
or debility resulting from early indiscretions or later ex-
cesses. It is a perfect appliance, the finished product of
thirty years' study and invention. If you suffer, if you * cubed whir
are not quite the stong, robust man or woman you DI^ T SJ J
should be, call and see me, or write for my new illustrated .. X i
book, which tells all about this wonderful remedy. SSlVml 1 *
8O0O CUKES IS MY RECORD FOR 1899. SSuJifui X t « k# t
Office Hours— Daily 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to 1.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG SXORES.
DR. T. A. SAN DEN, e o-farrell street,
* 3 AM FRANCISCO, CAL,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ISuspects to Be Arraigned.
Special Dl«patch to The Call
STOCKTON, July 16.— Notifications
¦were sent out to-day to the men who
went on the guarantee fund for the street
fair requesting them to deposit the money
in the bank subject to the order of the ex
ecutive committee of the Street Fair As
sociation. The notifications call for 83 1-3
per cent of the whole fund, or $2500. It
has been thought best to make the
amount large rather than small, and
what is not required will be returned on
pro rata basis. The miscellaneous ac
count is what ran the association short,
and many bills which were exorbitant
will no doubt be cut down. It is expected
that everything will be straightened up
this week.
REDWOOD CITY, July 16.— Lemoscher.
Ehlers and Gayer, the three men arrested
for the murder of the Mitchells, .will be
arraigned to-morrow morning before Jus
tice of the Peace James Hannon. At this
time the date for the preliminary exami
nation will be set, which will probably be
for the following day or Thursday. The
full strength of the case of the people has
MBS. CREEDE LOSES.
Judge Shaw Says She Had No Inter
est in the Estate.*
LOS ANGELES; July 16.— Judge Shaw.
In the Superior .Court here to-day, ren
dered a decision In the case of Louisa N.
Creede, widow of the late millionaire, N.
C. Creede.
In this suit Mrs. Creed© asked for a
family allowance from the estate. The
court decides that Mrs. Creede did not,
at the time of Creede's death, have any
Interest in the estate left by Cre«de and
has not acquired any interest in the es
tate since his death. The Question of
whether she is entitles to a portion of the
estate now in the shape of a family allow
ance is not settled .by this decision, how
ever, and the case is continued until Au
gust 5.
Health Officers Chosen.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 16.— The City Board of
Health held its annual election of officers
last evening. Dr. J. Underwood Hall being
the choice for president; Dr. Robert Cald
well, secretary; J. C. Corcoran, assistant
secretary and plumbing inspector; Dr. H.
A.' Spencer, veterinary inspector. Month
ly reports for June showed. a low death
rate, excellent , sanitary conditions and
that the city la free from contagious dis
eases.
Confirmation at Pacific Grove.
Special Dispatch tr» The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 15.— Right Rev.
William F. Nichols administered the rlt«
of confirmation to a large class in tha
Episcopal Church of St. Mary's-by-the
Sea in this citv last night. He also deliv
ered two sermons, one at the morning spr
vice and cne immediately preceding th*
confirmation In the evening.
FROM HEARST'S TYPEWRITER
COMES A PROCLAMATION
WASHINGTON, July 16.— W. It. Hearst,
president of the National Association of
Democratic Clubs, has issued an address
to the Democratic clubs and societies of
the United States, which is In part as foli
lows:
The time has come when all the Democratic
societies in this country and all the patriotic
bodies associated with them should publicly
ratify the nomination of \V. J. Bryan for
President and Adlal E. Stevenson for Vice
President end to defend the republic against
the corrupting ppirit of imperialism. This Is
no ordinary year in American politics. Col
onies have teen established under the Ameri
can Mas without the consent of the Ameri
can people and in defiance of the constitution.
The unlawful and brutal policy of President
McKlnley nnd. his udvisers. involving the aban
donmrnt of the principle of political equality
on American fo)1. has been confirmed by the
Republican party in Its national convention.
The Republican party, under Us present lead
ership, is attempting to commit a hitherto
peaceful and Just nation to a career of Imperial
adventure and conquest. It has dinhonored
our flag and our national obligations before the
civilized world. It has made subjects of the
inhabitants of the American Territories and
has denied to them the wise guarantees of con
stitutional government. It has trampled the
Declaration of Independence under foot.
The humane and moral struggle for the eman
cipation of the neighboring republic of Cuba
was victoriously ended two years ago, and yet
our army occupies Cuban soil, and the politi
cal favorites of the Republican party plunder
the helpless population of the Island.
Against these new and dangerous policies —
condemned alike by experience and by Justice —
the Democratic party is exerting: its whole
strenKth. Its candidates and Its platform
represent the conservative spirit of the Ameri
can people and their faith In American Insti
tutions. They represent opportunity at home
as apainst advrnture in Asia; peace rather than
war. inspired by the lust of money; citizenship,
not subjecthood; a homogeneous republic, not a
heterogeneous empire; a nation of prosperous."
equal, liberty-loving citizens, unburdened by
war taxes or a great standing army, leading
ultimately to military conscription.
In the presence of these Impending national
ovils, th* National Association of Democratic
Clubs calls upon all Democratic clubs, organi
zations and societies in the United Stales to
organize their forces for the defense of re
publican institutions. Patriotic citizens, re
gardless of past political ties or prejudices, are
earnestly asked to assist In this work of pre
servation. This year the nation must choose
between the European and the American theory
The Prettiest Yet
Arc the shapes and finishes of our new
frames Just received. Exquisite designs
in oval, square and other odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and greens, j
with the daintiest gold top'ornaments and
festoonings. fitted complete with gold
l«eaded mats to match, at Sanborn &
Vall's. 741 Market street. •
Governor of Arizona Wires Message
of Sympathy and an Offer of
Assistance.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. July 16.— Governor N.
O. Murphy, en route to New York, wired
from Chicago an expression of sympathy
for the Prescott fire sufferers and ottered
his aid. In answer to it, and also to a
message from J. W. Evans, president of
the Phoenix Board of Trade, offering as-
Elstance to Prescott, Mayor J. W. Dough
erty answered that nothing was needed
at Prescott at present.
Prescott papers are being got out in.
Phoenix office.-. Several thousand dollars"
•worth of merchandise was sent from here
to-day.
PRKSCOTT. Ariz., July 16.— A large
number of business men whose places
wore burned out on Saturday night opened
up this morning in temporary quarters for
business. A more cheerful view pervades
the town to-day than yesterday and a
large number of lowers have been inter-
Viewed, all of whom stated that they
would rebuild at once. The town will be
built 19 in a more substantial manner
than before.
The report sent out on Saturday night
that two lives were lost proved a mistake.
One man fell from the roof of a building
and may die, as he has not returned to
consciousness. One fireman had his hands
badly burned and one man had a leg
broken. These, as far as can be learned,
are the only accidents.
NATIONAL CONFERENCE
OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS
BT. PAUL, July 16.— All is in readiness
for the calling to-morrow at 10 o'clock of
the national conference of Republican
clubs. Between 1500 and 1^00 delegates will
be present. The sessions will be held in
the Auditorium.
Governor Roosevelt will arrive early to
morrow mornln? and is booked for an in
troduction at the opening session.
Colonel Gecrg* 1 Stone of California, pres
ident of the league, will call the evening
fr-RFion to order. United States Senator
I"»avis will preside and will make the ad
dress of welcome to the guest of the even
ing—Governor Roose.'elt of New York.
The Governor's rpply is expected to be the
feature of th<! convention.
Colonel Stone says he will not accept a
r^-r-lection. Tho o'ther officers will prob
ably be re-ek-cW.
OOI/ONEL SAlflXLTON PIS ATX
NEW YORK, July 16.-Colonel John
Hamilton. U. S. A., retired. Is dead In
Brooklyn. He was appointed to West
Point from Indiana in 1847. When the war
broke out he was captain In the Third
United States Artillery. For gallant and
meritorious service during the investment
of Fort Pula-^ki. Ga., In lbCZ, he was made
brevet major and for similar conduct In
action at Seccssionvllle. S. C. he was ad
vanced to the rank of brevet lieutenant
colonel in June of the same year.
In February, ism. Colonel Hamilton was
made brevet colonel for gallantry in the
battle of Olustf-e. Fla. At the end of the
wnr he became a major of the First Ar
tillery and In January. 1SS1. was advanced
to the rank of lieutenant colonel of the
Fifth Artillery, and in September, 1SS3, he
became colonel of tho same regiment. He
•was placed on the retired list In August,
ISS7-
AID NOT REQUIRED AT
PRESCOTT AT PRESENT
LONDON. July 15.— The Governor of
Bombay, telegraphing to the Secretary
of State for India, says that there were
9928 cases of cholera in the famine dis
tricts during the week ending July 7, of
which 6474 were fatal, and that In the
native States there were 952S cases, of
which 'oM>2 were fatal. The total number
of deaths on the relief works was 6ST0,
which was 3.9 per 10CO.
There has been a good rainfall In Surat,
Khandersh and the -western part of the
Deccan, and rain has begun in parts of.
North Gujarat, where the numbers de
manding relief is continuing to Increase.
The Viceroy of India telegraphs that
there were heavier general rains last
week In Berar and the central provinces
of Hyedrabad.
The rainfall was good and sufficient for
present needs tn Rajputana. In Central
India there were moderate general rains.
The sowing of crops has partly com
menced. The monsoon was heavy In
Surat and there was good falls in. Katty
war and Thana.
There have been insufficient rains In tha
Punjab for dry land sowing.
Notwithstanding the Improved pros
pects no diminution of relief la possible.
On the contrary, the figures last week
were the highest reported, village relief
and advances replacing relief work. Tho
condition of the surviving cattle in West
ern India Is deplorable. The health re
turns from the central provinces are sat
isfactory. The total relief was 6.413,000.
Governor of Bombay Sends Umg List
of Deaths in the Cholera and
Famine Districts During
the Past Week.
Good Rainfall in Surat and
the Western Part of
Deccan.
PROSPECTS
IN INDIA SHOW
IMPROVEMENT
All "Who Have Money Will Leave the
Place, but Many "Without
Funds Must Remain
Behind. .
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. July 16.—
The steamer Garonne, arriving to-day. Is
the first treasure ship from Nome, having
about $75,000 in dust from that place and
nine boxes of 250 pounds each from Daw
son. The Garonne brought "300 passengers
from Nome, most of whom have spent
about one month on the beach. It is report
ed that great excitement prevails over the
fact that smallpox has become epidemic
and that three deaths have occurred and
between thirty and forty cases are known,
while it is believed that twice that num
ber of cases exists In the immense stretch
of tents.
The introduction of the disease is
charged to the steamer Oregon. It is said
that on June 16 the Oregon arrived at
Nome with two well developed cases ol
smallpox on board, and the passengers
were forced ashore at midnight and soon,
scattered in the tented city.
As soon as the disease made its appear
ance General Randall and his command
took stringent measures to stamp It out.
but during the last week of June the dis
ease made rapid headway and new cases
are daily making their appearance. Ac
cording to reports arriving by the Garonne
to-day the seriousness of the situation is
such that the military cannot cope with
it and General Randall has appealed to
the citizens-, asking them to organize and
raise funds with which to build a hospital
where the afflicted may receive better
care By order of General Randall spe
cial health inspectors have been appointed
for the enforcement of sanitary regula
tions Much indignation Is expressed
against the officers of the steamship Ore-
S( purser Sprague says that there will be
a general exodus from Nome and all who
have money will leave, but he says there
are thousands who have not the means to
get away. He says before the Garonne
sailed that at least 500 men with from $10
to $50 came to him and offered to give
what money they had for the privilege ot
working their way down.
The Garonne's first voyage since receiv
ing American register is not an auspicious
one Upon her arrival at Nome she was
seized by the customs authorities for vio
lation of the regulations in carrying 2000
cases of liquor from Seattle without hav
ing it appear -on her manifest. Special
Agent McBride was placed in charge of
her and brought her here.
Military, Unable to Cope
With the Scourge, Asks
for Assistance.
SMALLPOX IS
NOW EPIDEMIC
IN NOME CITY
not as yet appeared, but at the examina
tion enough will have to be shown to war
rant the holding of the prisoner?. It is
thought that the Sheriff has certain evi
dence which he has not disclosed and
which will probablv not be made known
until the trial in the Superior Court.
Judge Edward F. Fitzpatrlck will ap
pear for all three defendants, both In the
lower and higher courts. -~
DAN MTJKPHY ILL.
San Jose Capitalist Stricken With
Paralysis in Mexico.
Special Dif-ratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 16.— Word was received
to-day that Dan Murphy, the well-known
young capitalist of this city, had been
stricken with paralysis at Durango. Mex
ico. Murphy is a son of Mrs. Murphy-
Colombet. and the news came to her in a
dispatch from Arthur Field. Mr. Colombet
will go at once to Durango and, if pos
sible, bring Mr. Murphy home. A later
dispatch states that one side of his body
is paralyzed and that he had lost the
power of speech.
Dan Murphy owns 500.000 acres of land
in Durango, and he and Mr. Field went
there about a year ago to try to organize
a syndicate to take the land and pay off a
mortgage of $70,000. This mortgage Is held
by the Commercial Bank of this city and
the time to redeem expires next month.
There have been several offera for the
property, but the deal Is not yet consum
mated.
HARDY BROTHERS BEATEN
AT TENNIS IN CHICAGO
Have l/ost the Right to Challenge
the United States Champion,
but Will Continue to Play.
Special Dlppatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 16.— The Hardy brothera
of California were to-day beaten by Col
lins and Parct after a close . five-set
match. Both teams played for the net
during the first three sets, the Hardy3
winning two sets to one. In the fourth
and fifth sets the Eastern team changed
their tactics, lobbing well and with great
success. The high wind greatly bothered
the Callfornians and it was .pnly by forc
ing their opponents to play a low game
that they secured the fourth set^ In the
Afth set the Hardy brothers led 4—3, but
lost the frame on a. poor decision.
With 5—4 and forty love against
them the Hardys pulled up the score to
their advantage, thpn losing the game and
match by the well-placed lobs of their
opponents. Bv losing this tournament the
Hardy brothers are prevented from chal
lenging the United States champion. How
ever, they will enter a number of the
Eastern tournaments and endeavor to
get a ranking. To-morrow they leave
Chicago for Magnolia. Mass., to play in
the Dwight Davis tournament.
National Tennis Team.
BOSTON. July 1G.— N. D. Whitman. D.
F. Davis and Holcomb "Ward have been
selected aa the American tennis team to
defend the International challenge cup.
Mexican Silver Dollars Recoined Into
American Ones and Their
Value Doubled.
MANILA, June 10.— The large circula
tion ot silver money in Manila and the
Philippines has made an opportunity for
counterfeiters, and there is evidence of
one or more "gangs" in Manila and the
provinces who manufacture spurious
coins. The counterfeiters make Mexican,
dollars from a baser and cheaper metal;
the American nickel Is counterfeited, and
the brown five-dollar bills have been suc
cessfully Imitated. But the cleverest and
most successfnl scheme of all is the coin
ing of American silver dollars from Mexi
can silver dollars. The silver In a Mexi
can dollar, if stamped with the facing of
our American silver dollar, at once
doubles in value, for any one will give
you two dollars Mexican for one dollar
American. The advantage of this scheme
Is that a sufficiency of good true metal can
be obtained bv melting up Mexicans, and
when stamped with the American facing
the new coins produce 100 per cent profit.
Raids have resulted in finding several
basketfuls of bad money in the rear or
a Chinaman's house, and a Filipino was
discovered with several thousand dollars'
worth of counterfeit five-dollar bills and
a box of recoined American silver
dollars in his possession. The
Chinaman and the Filipino have
made partial confessions and given
damaging testimony. It is now evident
that they are members of a gang operat
ing on a large scale in Luzon, and in
which there are several Americans or
Europeans as leaders.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap
pointed and Postal Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— The following
postofilces have been established: Califor
nia— Keswick, Shasta County, order of
June 9 discontinuing this office rescinded.
Washington— Mazama. Okanogan Coun
ty. Minnie Tlngley, postmistress.
Postmaster commissioned: California —
Maltermoro. John J. Beug-Rer.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Orig
inal—Charles Paxon. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $6; Jarres T. Talbert, Bolsa. $S;
Charles F. Duval. Wheatland, $6; Robert
Murdock. Ferndale. $6; Edwin I>. Parks,
Woody. $6. restoration and increase—
Seth H. Harris (dead). Sacramento, $30.
Increase— Erastus S. Ashley. Chlco. $8:
Enos Churchill. Hollister. J10. Original
widows — Locky Harris. Sacramento, $12;
Rebecca Gass. San Jose. $12. War with
Spain— Original— William W. Laporte, San
ta Rosa. $30.
Oregon — Original — James Hards, Jack
sonville, $6. Increase— Samuel H. Miller,
Mineral Point, $10. Orlgnal widows—Or
pha M; Wheeler (mother), Portland. $12.
Washington— Orignal— John S. Country
man. Spokane. $10.
The Comptroller of the Currency has de
clared the final dividend of 33 7-10 per cent
in favor of the creditors of the KIttitas
Valley National Bank, Ellensburg. Wash.,
making in all 43 7-10 per cent on claims
amounting to $57,128.
The Civil Service Commission announces
an examination on August 14 for the posi
tion of Japanese Interpreter for the Immi
gration service at Vancouver.
0
WITNESSES TELL OF BLOOD
SEEN IN JESTER'S WAGON
Some Strong Testimony Is Produced
Tending to Show the Guilt
of the Prisoner.
• ST. LOUIS. July 16. — A special telegram
to the Post-Dispatch from New London,
Mo., says testimony in the Jester trial
was continued to-day. Mrs. Rebecca Stew
ard, wife of Captain Hugh Steward, who
testified on Saturday last that he had seen
a pool of blood and bloodspots in the road
In Hulen lane along which Jester was
traveling, fully corroborated her hus
band's testimony.
Mrs. Amanda Clark testified that she,
too, accompanied by her sister, rode along
Hulen lane on the same day and when
near the old Presbyterian church she met
Jester with two teams and wagons, in
the rear wagon she saw the figure of a
man lying on the floor under some cover
ing. As soon as she passed the wagons
she saw blood spots In the snow and
farther on she saw a pool of blood In the
road. When she returned from Middle
Grove she noticed that the trail of blood
turned south at the mouth of Hulen lane.
REBELS ARE DEFEATED.
WASHINGTON. July 16.— Dr. Louis
Curvo-Marquez, Charge d f Affaires of Co
lombia, to-day received a cablegram from
the Colombian Consul at Curacao, in
forming him that the ships of the revolu
tionists had been captured by the Colom
bian Government. In the opinion of Dr.
Curvo-Marquez this reverse destroys the
last hope of the revolutionary party.
COUNTERFEITERS REAP A
HARVEST IN PHILIPPINES
Prisoner at Phoenix Uses All Means
at Hand to Commit Suicide
but Is Frustrated.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 16.— In the city
prison last night Sam Smith, a morphine
(lend, made four attempts at suicide but
failed. "While the other prisoners wer»
at the windows listening to the band con
cert In the plaza, Smith threw a wire over
the rafters, fastened a loop around his
neck and Jumped off a table. Two Mexi
cans cut him down and a few moments
later he put the gas Jet in his mouth and
turned on the gas.
He was again interrupted and placed in
a cell. Here he put his suspenders around
his neck and tried to choke himself. The
keeper ' stopped him before he was
strangled and he was divested of hla
clothing and put back in tho cell, where
he tried to batter his brains out on the
walls.
HIGH ADVERTISING
FENCES MUST COME DOWN
Judge Koss Sustains the Validity of
the Ordinance Enacted in
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— After years
of struggling with the eyesore of two and
three decked billboards the ordinance
limiting their height has been found legal.
Other communities that are struggling
with this obnoxious nuisance can now
take courage. Circuit Judge Ross this
morning sustained the validity of the
city ordinance limiting th© height of bill*
boards to six feet.
H. Gaylord Wilshire, who hjts achieved
fame in several directions, will have to
pay a fine of $40 assessed by Police Judge
Austin or else serve it out. Judge Ross
covers every issue inx'olved In the dispute
betweeen the billposters and the authori
ties of various cities who have sought to
check the skyward flight of the bill
boards. After referring to section 11 of
article XI of the State constitution, which
gives county, city town and township
government control of police and sanitary
regulations, the court goes on to stato
that this power is confirmed by tha char
ter of the city.
CRIMINAL CASES HEARD.
John ETittel^Sentenced to Five Years'
Imprisonment for Arson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XAPA, July 16. — Two criminal cases oc
cupied the attention of the Superior Court
here this afternoon. John Hlttel, convict
ed last week of arson, was sentenced by
Judge Ham to serve a term of five years
at San Quentin. His crime was that of
burning down his house and wine cellar
near Callstoga.
Frank Matthai, charged with the mur
der of George Stanley in Chiles Valley last
May, pleaded not guilty and his trial was
set for September.il. Matthai now has a
new attorney, Leonard Clark, the fourth
that has appeared in court for him since
the homicide. Clark moved that the
charge against the defendant be dis
missed on the ground that Matthai had
not been regularly represented by an at
torney at the preliminary examination or
at any time in the case. District Attor
ney Bell and Clark argued the point at
length, but Judge Ham denied tho motion.
A week ago Matthai was also denied ball.
His counsel have at all times In the ca.se
been making a hard fight in court In the
defendant's behalf.
TRIED FOUR TIMES
TO END HIS LIFE
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— Judge J.
Xoonan Phillips, who was chairman of the
California delegation to the National Sil
ver Republican convention at Kansas
City, to-day returned from the East.
"If these parties continue to stand to
gether Bryan and Stevenson are as good
as elected. The only source of danger is
from the Socialists." the Judge declared.
"The silent vote of 1900 Is going to be the
largest ever known in the United States.
This will be especially noticeable among
thp working people, who are realizing that
tht-y have had but a small proportion of
the'increa^vd prosperity we hear so much
about.
"California can be carried for the reform
ticket if the San Francisco Democrats do
their dutv by standing up to the rack.
They did not do this four years ago."
Judge Phillips Piiys that the Silver Re
publicans will op^n headquarters In Los
Angeles very ?oon and run an independent
campaign for Bryan and Stevenson.
"On State and judicial issues," tha
Judpe continued, "we shall make our own
xi'-minatirins. We shall put a full ticket
in the fit-Id. It has not been decided to
indorse the Democratic nominees when
named. We rather favor going It alone,
and to take our medicine straight."
Judge J. Xoonan Phillips. Who Has
Just Hcturned From the East,
Says Democrats Can
Carry California.
Are Not in Favor of In
dorsing Nominees of
Democratic Party.
SILVERITES TO
NAME A FULL
STATE TICKET
DENVER, July 16.— The executive com
mittee of the American Federation of La
bor convened in regular quarterly meet
ing in this city to-day. The meeting prom
ises to have Important results, as action
will probably be taken with reference to
the Chicago Building Trades lockout,
the St. Louis street railway strike, the
cigarmakers' trouble in New York and
the Coeur d'AIene affair.
The testimony given before the Con
gressional investigating committee and
other evidence concerning the Idaho min
ers' strike will be fully considered.
Several officials of the Miners' Union
in Idaho may be present to enlighten the
committee upon several points with which
it is not familiar, and it is expected that
tho committee will throw the influence
o_£ the federation In favor of the Miners'
Union.
Among other things, a decision is ex
pected with reference to making an
eight-hour-day test. The last convention
at Detroit empowered the body to choose
a trade in which the right should be
made, and the machinists and horse
shoers are both after the selection. If
the former are chosen it may jeopardize
the international agreement recently
tigned by them. In either case the war
will be genuine. The subject of raising a
large defense fund to be used in aid of
strikers will be considered.
The committee accepted the resigna
tions of Messrs. Lennon and Pierce to the
British Trades Union Congress, their
time being fully occupied with their other
duties, and appointed S. J. Kent of Lin
coln, Neb., and John M. Hunter of Spring
field. 111., in their stead.
Secretary Morrison of the executive
council submitted his report for the eight
months and eleven days since the last
annual meeting, showing the federation
to be In good condition linancially. Dur
ing the period mentioned the federation
has issued »XS charters, six of which have
been to national unions, three to State
branches and sixty-efght to city central
bodies.
The application for a charter from the
Paper-Hangers' National Union was ta
ken up, but was referred to James Dun
can for investigation and report. There
is every reason to believe that there will
be an amalgamation of the painters and
decorators, and In that event there would
be but one body instead of two.
The offer of the English trades unions
to build In America a John Ruskln Hall
and furnish the funds for the building of
the same was also referred, but will be
taken up again before the session closes.
The sespion is executive and many mat
ters which cannot be made public at the
present time will come up for action or
reference.
The Chicago Ruildnlg Trades lockout
was considered, but no action taken. The
matter will be taken up again to-morrow
as will also the St. Louis street car men's
strike.
To-night the members of the committee
visited Elitch's Gardens as quests of the
officials of the Colorado Stale Federation
of Labor.
Will Consider the Various
Strikes That Have Oc
curred Recently.
Testimony Given Before the Congres
sional Committee Concerning
the Coeur d'Alene Trouble
Will Be Taken Up.
FEDERATION OF
LABOR MEETS
IN CONVENTION
COLEMAN, Tex., July 16.— Fifteen lives
are known to have been lost in a cloud
burst here to-day. Ten bodies have been
recovered, but only two were identified.
They are:
JOSEPH SPALH. leading merchant of
the village.
JOHN *"ULEISSTINE.
It is feared that many more lives were
lost In the valley below Coleman. The
cloudburst, which followed three days of
unprecedented railfall, caused Fords
Creek to burst its banks and rush
through Coleman, a. village of less than
1000 inhabitants.
Bewildered citizens, roused from their
slumbers, rushed into the streets and
were swept away. Many saved them
selves by catching hold of pieces of tim
ber and navigating them into eddies
formed by the swift current, where they
were drawn ashore.
Spalh and Fuleisstine managed to
mount their horses. They dashed Into
the water and swam their horses to a
house where four little girls were scream
ing for help. Kach rescued two of the
children, whom they took upon their
horses. The animals were swept away,
however, in a noble effort to stem the
swift current, and all were drowned.
Water has flooded the tracks of the
Gulf. Colorado and Santa Fe Railway for
miles around and all traffic is stopped.
ST. LOUIS. July 16.— A spec'-vl to the
Republic from Austin. Texas, says: After
several hours of incessant rain a cyclone
struck the town of Llano. 200 miles north
of here, last night about 7:35 o'clock. The
storm came from the sea and was wholly
unexpected. It demolished a number of
buildings and a large number of people
were injured, a few of them seriously.
The residence of J. H. Keel was demol
ished and his two sons, aged 3 and 5
years, were injured by flying debris. Both
children will probably die. The large Al
gona Hotel* building was unroofed and
badly wrecked.
Tho Austin and Northwestern passenger
depot was unroofed.
The large stone store building of M. B.
Dabu was demolished and the stock of
goods scattered broadcast over the prairie.
Several warehouses which were filled with
goods were demolished. The residence of
C. F. Daniel was completely wrecked.
Bewildered Citizens, Boused From
Their Slumbers, Bush Into the
Streets and Are Carried
Away by the Flood.
TWO BODIES IDENTIFIED
Fifteen Persons Are Known
to Have Perished at
Coleman.
LIVES LOST
BY A TEXAS
CLOUDBURST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLIAMS. Ariz.. July 16.— J. M. Me
neck, one of the well-known scientists,
civil and mining engineer, mining expert
and distinguished representatve of the
Smithsonian Institution at Washington, D.
C, has met a sad death upon the bleak
desert of Southern Utah. On the 24th of
June a party of four left here for the
famous lost copper mine, near the south
ern line of Utah, which was alleged to have
been visited by one of the members of the
party and to be one of the richest proper
ties ever found.
After journeying across the Colorado
River, the Arizona line and near the point
of destination Professor Meneck began to
show signs of great fatigue, and requested
that they go into camp for a few days'
rest. This was done. After the professor
had regained his strength he started out
alone upon a nearby prospecting trip, ex
pecting to return in a few hours. As he
did not return at the time designated the
party began the search, and continued it
for four days unremittingly, but t>elng
short of water and supplies the party gave
up the search, reporting that J. M. Me
neck had lost his mind and perished upon
the Utah desert. This point is far from
any town or other place of rescue, and as
Meneck was without water or supplies no
hopes of his recovery are entertained.
Professor J. K. Meneck is one of the
well-known geologists, archaeologists and
mining engineers of the Southwest. He
was a a representative of the Smithsonian
Institution and was compiling some valu
able data for that Institution of science.
His maps of certain isolated sections were
considered authority and his writings were
extensively read. He was a graduate of
Johns Hopkins University, having the de
gree of Pn. D.
Great regret Is expressed by mining men
who were very anxious to receive his re
port on the mines that the rest of the
party say they will surely reach.
Meneck was a man of about 50 years of
age, well preserved and in the best mental
condition. Great surprise is expressed by
all who know him of the tragic turn in hia
brilliant career.
Was One of the Best Known Geolo
gists of the Southwest, and His
Party Expected to Locate
•~- a Valuable Mine.
WITHOUT FOOD OR WATER
Professor Meneck Leaves
Camp and No Trace of
Him Can Be Pound. •
SCIENTIST
LOST ON THE
UTAH DESERT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
Street Fair Indebtedness.
Special Dispatch to The Call
5
PREE SAMPLE M y°u cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist »end
. — 50c to us. Full particulars, instructions and a free sampl*
will be mailed to any address upon receipt of 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM &
TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
Anita Cream is more than a softening, soothing prepara- i / *]
tion. It is a medical compound which remores the blem- (^ffl
ishes that mar an otherwise beautiful face. Unsightly jj
freckles, brown spots, liver patches, muddiness, pimples, f
tan and all other discolorations can be removed by a thor-
ough course of Anita Cream. It coaxes a new skin. The
old skin, with all its blemishes, will gradually come off in unperceived
particles, thus leaving a new complexion as 50ft and beautiful as nature
designed it. There is nothing in Anita Cream to harm the most deli-
cate skin nor to cause a growth of hair. Thousands of users have
testified to the above facts. \
Mrs. M. Kliner. 1SS Croton street, Cleve-
land, omo. writes: /, ac / suffered for
the last fifteen years with my head,
and I must say that your medicine
has done me all the good you have
said it would. My health was never
better than since taking your Peruna.
I do not know what a headache or neu-
THE EMPORITJM j 0 ?!^^ !
£ To-Day and IDiiring Hie Week.
I Now on Saie-3500 Pairs
i Ladies* Shoes-ABsowt 65c on the $H m S^
| j0K^ AHn®w, stylish goods— Just re-
| J^^^mk oehved from the factory. No
| J&^^^B\^ short tots, no broken sizes*
I i^^^^lfi^lfe^^v The greatest Shoe Sale in the history of San Fran-
t Cisco. This tetter expiains it aiis
$ Jm^ HARNEY BROS.,
j£ Shoe Manufacturers,
| LYNN, Mass., April 26, 1900.
K rS< u W^T THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
% <^^rtp^'^^H*«- ; « SAN FRANCISG0 . CALIF.
£ This Is GENTLEMEN:
J» /#^3*«*»llislv^ We be£ herewith to accept yonr offer of 63c oa the dollar for tha lot of
k * ffl^^@r"^^bi °* 350 ° p3irs of La<il * e4 ' Snoe? t the uppers for which are already cat — ordered
i£ /%tt<^^$$ ''''''/.¦ T^^V th PI by Kinsman & Fox, but who hava recently retired from business. As tha
** W\>$S^^!^'v\ eleven uppers only are cat. wa enmt deliver aatil next July.
H r >^^M^ft\ y y\ HnnHcnmn On account of the stvle3 and quality, and at tha prices yon obtained
a /¦£. y .- W W / /M\ these goods, you ought to have a big surprise in store for harjam-hinters m
J / - ,| vcft^^-vwl I New stylish shoes. Yours truly, (Signed) HARNEY BROS.
f? /////isi (da) I // • Ladles 9 $2*50 Viol Ktd.Laco Shoos— Fancy Vesting Cloth or
K '!¦' I'i - ' «»jCr 1 / J ' k'd tops, new opera toes, patent leather tipa — sala price- ......&1.6Q
t I'm mi adfii ii / Patent Ladles' $2. 53 Vici Kid Button Shoes— Kid top?, now open
%' ; j£ W^***^JlI1*$^ / Leather toe?, patent leather tips — 3ala prica SI. 69
*> 11 lv^ Ml fifl Goodyear Ladios' $3.00 Vici Kid Laco Shoes-Cloth or kid tops, new
£- IS $&£& l&M k>»| opera toes with kid tips— sa'e pr:co $1*Q8
u ISJI ml WeIt
fc^ W£§^Ml?Mfr& c Ladies' 53.50 Vici Kid Lsce Shoos— Goth tops or kid tops,
& V^^Bv illfsaTf sewed Savoy or English toi-s paten: leather or kid ti?5, turned »iwed or Gooi-
*" V^v^ 1^^^^ c oles - vear weIt Eewed sole£ — sale price $2.37
* V^^^^^w Q ale Ladios' $3*50 Patent Leather Laco Shoes— 'Sex modern
j^ \^ik^>©fe/ "" toe3 an< * ilp3> Goodyear weit sowed soies — ;-a!a price $2*37
&• \S§*i§?X Ladies' $5.00 Patent Leather Laco Shoos— Cloth tops,
*£ >^j^r #sj<q» *9T new °P era toe3 an(^ *iP 3 ' turae '^ sewed so!e3, Lou:-* XV heels — sale
£ m&ZSm&fm price $3.35
| Many Other Attractions ~
| For This Week.
*t Men's 95. OO Crash Suits $2mQ5— Pure linen Cloan-up of Summer Hats — Men's and Boys*
S> crash stylishly mad-?, ba ance of our summer stock. Straw and Crash Hats, old 25c to $2— prices now
x l Men's Furnishings— Cban-up of short lots — fSo to $1.10
9,; Fancy Shirts, now ~/1c Men's 50c Neckwear 29c $1 , $1.25 anet $1.5O Cloves 7 8c— Broken lines to
£ Black Cotton Sox. 7ho 25c Black Neckwear 17o be c;o3ed oat this week.
J Men's Suspenders 17o Fancy Bind Bows 17o Ladies' Neckwear NalfPrlco—Bani bows, string
if. Boys' Bib Overalls 1Oc $1, $1.50, $2 Neckwear. 79c tie3, lace scarf3. silk jabots, biouse fronts, silk 3tocka, etc.
K 15o Wash Fabrics 9c- Short lots Batistes, Printed Cover t Suiting So— First quality; tan, gray, navy blue,
# Lawn?, etc.: prico? 3 moit cut in half. etc.; a great bargain.
t»; 81 'Inch Unbioachod Shooting 19c— Only a few $1 to $8.50 Yokings and Altovers—ln black,
*£ hundred yards, a aplen lid quality. cream and white; now half price.
| Soap, 25c j|| Jillllfc* * S^ SWife f f s s ' ™'
£ UOXa {g|53 MUr^L. _ <*rmZ ZT a «3 V Kr Fruits. Cereals.
| Buttermilk and " ®OB«toffa tS,8Hie f£aZA3kM% 6 ™'
I cream. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Cbop3> Etc>
Causes Headache, Dizziness and Sleep-
lessness.
ralgia IS. i CAn most assuredly say that
anvhody afflicted with catarrh in any
form ran lu> < ured by taking Peruna and
be as grateful in th«" end as I am. I will
always recommend Peruna/J
Ono of the moM dangerous and common
forms of acute nervous prostration is
known as sunstroke. Tho prostration
caused by overheating tho body does not
always result in sunstroke, but more com-
ir.only in milder forms of depression, such
as nervous headache, dizziness, faintness,
sleeplessness, palpitation; mental confu-
sion abundant dear urine, creeping rig-
ors, flashes of heat and shortness of
breath at the least excrtior..
*11 of the above names are symptoms
of acute prostration moM prevalent dur-
ii.g th<» month of July than :it any other
season of the year. Even people who
have the most vigorous health are' liable
t<> attacks of prostration during the not
waves of early summer.
The only sato course to taka is to
keep the blood purs, digestion good
and sleep regular. fio ramedy
equals in all respects, Peruna, for
this purpose. A doss of Peruna 6s-
fore each meal during iho hot season
is a safeguard of priceless value.
Especially those who are In the least
subject to nervous prostration should not
neglect to provide themselves with Pe-
runa, the greatest of all nerve and brain
restoratives known to the medical world.
Complete directions for use on each bot-
tle.
For a treatise on nervous prostration
and diseases of the nervous system pecu-
liar to summer, address The Peruna Med-
icine Co., Colvmhus. O., for a free copy of
••Summer Catarrh^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. M. Kliner. Cleveland, Ohio.
-ream is more than a softening, soothing prepara- V 7/5
t is a medical compound which remores the blrm- CaffMerchants' Association Members.
During the past month the following
twenty-five new firms have been added to
the rolls of the Merchants' Association,
bringing the total membership up to 1214
firms: Amrath & Amrath, Luis de Abris
queta, W. C. Bentham, F. E. Booth,
George C. Bornemann & Co., Chauche &
Bon, C. Claus3cn. Henry C. Flaggeollet,
Glaze & Trewella, L. Hirsch & Co., George
P. Ide & Co., G. Jewell, John Lubben, J.
G. Macdonald, S. C. Murray. Omey &
Goetting, J.-S. Oppenheim, Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company, Schlegel &
Bruker, John Simmen, Stelger Terra Cotta
and Pottery Works, Charles Stelnfels,
William Taaffe & Co., the Van Laak Man
ufacturing Company and James Young.
Waldorf Astor is getting a good deal of roasting for
his treatment of Sir Berkeley Milne, but possibly the
uninvited nobleman deserved all that Astor gave him.
It is not likely that Astor, after requesting Milne's re
tirement from his concert, would thereafter have pub
lished the fact without some reason for doing it.
Congressman Lentz has declared that he thinks the
Democrats can carry Ohio this year, and now we
know that when Mr. Lentz Thinks that he thinks he.
is really just talking with his mouth. ,
Two duties are at this time imposed by his political
fesponsibilitics upon a good citizen; first, he must
register so that he can vote, and then he must join
a Republican club and vote right.
The campaign of this year is very much like that of
1896, but it will be quieter and duller, and .we will
miss Tom Watson.
Merchants' Association's Review.
The July number of the Merchants* As
sociation Review has jU3t been issued. It
contains many interesting subjects re
lating to municipal government. One m'
per, by George Hansen. deals with "A
Park System for San Francisco." The «nh
Jects of street sprinkling, the merit svsl
tern and ftrat duties of citizenship ar*
also discussed. Superior Judge Edward
A. Belcher contributea a long arttall on
"What ShalKBe the Status of the Nativ^
2l f on?r >r XeW Insular Terri t°rtal Posses-
I/ocal health authorities have condemned a great
deal of Federal supplies as' unfit for food. Since the
bubonic combination appears to be broken somebody
ought to suggest the removal of the Kinyoun me
nagerie to this city, where its late champions could
destroy it as inimical to public safety.
If. the Board of Public Works were as prompt in
in its attention to public improvements as it was the
other day in rejecting^ bid that was three minutes
late in being presented, San Francisco would try to
endure the shock of watching officials performing
their duty.
Everybody admits that the Chinese ought to be
well whipped, but we take notice that Kaiser William
is the only person who shows any enthusiastic de
sire to do the whipping, and he doesn't intend to go
himself and take part in it.
i Some of the friends of Judge Troutt who have been
i appointed attorneys for absent heirs are certainly con
vinced of the truth of the adage that distance does
i lend enchantment to the view.
Thousands of Dollars Spent in Carry
ing On the Work of the
Society.
The annual meeting of the San Francis
co Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals was held yesterday In the Par
rptt building. Secretary C. B. Holbrook'a
report of the business of the past twelve
months and the financial statement of the
society was as follows:
Number of cases reported. 2557: investigated.
2550; prosecuted, 147; convictions. 8S; disabled
animals killed. 19S; animals taken from work
by reason of sickness, old age. soreness, etc.,
1901; animals removed by society's ambulance,
59; animals involved, 13,753; animals relieved,
3443. statement: Cash received for
year. $10,670 07: cash disbursed for year $11
022 08; deficit for year, $352 01; total cash on
hand June 1. 1900, in San Francisco Savings
Union. J11.S46 69; cash in treasurer's hand*.
$138 32; cash in secretary's hands. $67 67; total
$11,510 68.
The old board of trustees was re-elected
as follows: ,
c- N « ? Jr ole ' C £}°S el John p - Jackson. James
S. Hutchlnson, C. S. Crittenden. H. E. Holmes.
Frank A. Vail. John Partridge. Martin Stevea*.
Dr. Charles A. Clinton. Kobert C. llolton 4
N. Thorp. E. F. Delger. J. M. McDonald!
G^rge M. Mitchell, Ira B. Dalzlel.
Interesting papers were read by Mrs.
Kate Waters and Mrs. C. B. Holbrook on
the progress made in the organization of
Bands of Mercy.
NOBLE EFFORTS FOR
THE DUMB ANIMALS
The Key Was Loose and Was Acci
dentally Turned On by the
Victim.
Peter Dailey, a railroad hand, aged
about GO years, was found dead in his
room in the Webb House. 27 Second street,
at noon yesterday by Sarah Rundel, a.
chambermaid in the lodging house. The
gas key was turned fully on and the room
was tilled with the suffocating fumes.
Dailey was in bed and his clothes were
on a chair. There was nothing to sup
port the theory of suicide, the gas key
being so loose as to be turned with a very
slight tap of the fingers.
Dailey engaged- the room a week ago,
and was temperate in his habits. An In
quest will be held.
PETER DAILEY KILLED
BY ILLUMINATING GAS
DRAB POPLIN DRESS.
. The engraving represents a princess
dress of drab poplin, with the outline of
bolero traced in stitching, the line being
continued over the hips to form an out
line of the apron. The shawl lapels are
of white frilfed cambric, and the cravat
and trimming of the sleeves are of the
same material.
SAN FRANCISCANS IN PARIS.
NEW YORK. July 16.— The following
San Franciscans are registered in Paris:
L. Arnstein and family, Dr. J. Callandreu,
Mrs. H. Doepfner. Mrs. R. H. Dearborn.
Mr and Mrs. B. It. Lychtenstein, Miss M.
Lychtenstein Miss H. Hoffers. Mr. and
Mrs H. Kauhn. Miss M. Kauhn. F. La
faix, Mrs. \V. H. Thornley, Caroline Vo
gel.
The trout fishermen on the Truckea
River In this State and Xevada are com
plaining to the California State Flah Com
missioners of the recent seizures of trout
recently made by Deputy L. N. Kerchevil
These fishermen are known to the commis
sion as market fishers, and during the
past two weeks they sent quantities tr»
local dealers. The law prohibits the ««a£
of .trout under six inches in length and in
every lot seized there were many of th«
prohibited kind. The total seizures
amounted to about 400 pounds, valued at
about 25 cents a pound. These were Dre
sented to local charitable institutions
During the past day or so the fishermen
have been senumg letters to the Comm'«i
sioners to the effect that the seizures we'™
unwarranted, the fish being over 91*
inches, which Mr. Kercheval denies Th«
Commissioners are satisfied that no m!«
take has been made by the deputy *"'°"
COMPLAINTS OVER
SEIZURES OF TROUT
CHINATOWN 0ND THE LAW.
I 7 ITH the excitements of the startling news
\ A / from the Orient on the one hand and the in-
creasing interest in the political campaign on
the other there i? danger that local issues may be to
some extent forgotten and that the movement which
has been ito well supported for the cleaning of China
town may ?o?e something of the strength that has
marked it ever since the quarantine outrage. That
danger must Ik- guarded against. The sanitary mqve
jnent must not lag nor weaken. Chinatown must be
cleaned up.
There is more than ordinary irritation to the peo
ple of San Frsv.ci^co in the fact that at this juncture
neither the Board of Health nor the Police Depart
ment manifests any intention to enforce the sanitary
regulations of the city in the Chinese district. Al
though every policeman i> a health officer the police
force in this instance appears to be waiting for or
der* from the Board of Health and the Board is wait
ing, seemingly, for another chance to spring « bu
bonic plague fcare. While they wr.it nothing is done.
So far from starting a clean sweep of the filth of
Chinatown there has not been even so much as an
effort to whitewash : t.
In this emergency the people look to the Grand
Jury with expectant hope. That body has the power
to make a thorough inspection of the buildings of
the Chinese quarter, to report all violations of law.
arid to find true bills against the violators. It is also
within the province of the jury to investigate the
course taken by the Beard of Health and the. police
and to make recommendations as to the best mean*
of rousing those bodies to a keener sense of public
duty. Prompt action in that direction by the jury
would be oi great benefit to the. community at this
time and it is to be hoped it will be forthcoming.
Whatever be done or left undone by the officials
of the city the issue has no;v become too serious for
the people ever to consent to drop it from considera
tion. Some of the most earnest and important or
ganizations of the city have 'taken up the work of
promoting the desired reform, and it is not at all
likely they will abandon it at this stage of the move
ment. The popular forces that demand a clean China
town have in fact enlisted for the campaign. The
sanitary laws of the city must be obeyed by the owners
of Chinatown property as well*as by the owners of
property in other districts. The enforcement of those
laws is the duty of the municipal officials and the
sooner they get about it the better it will be for all
concerned.
SAN FRANCISCANS
MOURN FOR RELATIVES
Mrs. E. D. Bailie, Her Husband and
Three Children Butchered
by the Boxers.
Among the San Francisco families to
whom the news of the massacre at Pe
king has brought sorrow Is that of Alfred
Worley, attorney at law. His sister Mrs.
E. D. Bailie, her husband and their three
children were among the victims of the
fiendish brutality of the Chinese. Mrs.
Bailie had been a resident of China for
several years, and last summer she re
turned to San Francisco with her chil
dren on a visit to her brother and slater.
Miss Dr. A\ orley. leaving again for Pe
king last September.
Two years ago her husband was ap
pointed professor of English in the Impe
rial University of Peking, which position
he held up to the time of the occupation
of that city by the Boxers. "
The last letter received by Mr. "Worley
from his sister was dated Peking May 30
of this year. She told him about the ap
prehension that had been felt there as to
the Boxer rebellion, and how she and her
husband had made all preparations for a
hasty flight from China, until the arrival
of the marines had quieted all the fears
of the foreigners residing In that city.
That was the last that Mr. Worley
heard from his sister and her family, an(\
he is convinced that not one escaped the
horrible carnage.
PERSONAL MENTION.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. Is stop
ping at the Palace.
W. E. Lecster, a well known resident of
Carson City, is registered at the Palace.
Charles Henderson, a leading merchant
of New York, Is stopping at the Palace.
C. E. Sherman, a merchant of Santa
Barbara, is registered at the Occidental.
B. V. Sargent, a well known attorney
of Salinas, is registered at the Occidental.
H. M. Yerington, one of Carson City's
most prominent citizens. Is at the Palace.
Murray Innis, one of the most prominent
mining men of Arizona, is at the Occiden
tal.
Dr J. J. Johnson and W. G. Murfin of
the United States army are guests of the
Occidental.
G. B. McCauley, a member of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, Is at the
California.
W". H. Great, a prominent society man
and capitalist of New York, is registered
at the Palace.
W. H. IToppin, a capitalist of Provi
dence, R. I., accompanied by his family,
Is at the Palace.
James McMenomy Jr., the well-known
bicycle rider of this city, is .enjoying his
vacation at Bartlett Springs, in order to
get into condition to smash records.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
fl REPORT ON. RAILWAYS.
A SUMMARY of the railway statistics which is
to appear in the twelfth statistical report of the
Interstate Commerce Commission has just
been given out to the press. It covers the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1899. It appears that on that date
the total single-track railway mileage in the United
States was 189,294.66 miles, an increase during the
year of 2898.34 miles being shown. This increase is
greater than for any other year since 1893. The
States and Territories which show an increase in
mileage in excess of 100 miles are Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Pennsyl
vania, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma.
An evidence of the increasing prosperity of the
railways of the country is afforded by the fact that
the number in the hands of receivers at the close of
the fiscal year was 71, there being a net decrease of
23 as compared with the corresponding date of the
previous year. The number of railways placed in
charge of receivers during the year was 16 and the
number removed from their management was 39.
The operated mileage of the roads under receivers on
June 30, 1899, was 0853.13 miles, of which 7225.62
miles were owned by them. Of the roads in the hands
of receivers on the date named 10 had an operated
mileage in excess of 300 miles, 10 between 100 and
300 miles, and 40 less than 100 miles.
Other proofs of prosperity are found iruthe sta
tistics relating to traffic. The number of passengers
carried during the year was 523,176,508, showing an
increase for the year of 22,109,827. The number of
passengers carried one mile — that is,, passenger mile
age — during the year was 14,591,327,613, there being
an increase in this item of 1,211,397,609. The num
ber of tons of freight carried during the year was
959,763,583, an increase -of 80,757,276 being shown.
The number of tons of freight carried one mile — that
is, ton mileage — was 123,667,257,153. The increase in
the number of tons carried dne mile was 9,589,680,848.
The average revenue per passenger, per mile for the
year ending June.30, 1899, was 1.925 cents; for the pre
ceding year it was 1.973 cents. The revenue per ton
of freight per mile was .724 cent, while for 1898 it
was .753 cent. An increase in mileage earnings is
shown for both passenger and freight trains,
In conclusion the statistician of the commission
repeats his previous recommendations to the effect
that reports should be secured from express com
panies engaged in interstate traffic; that repo-ts
should % be secured from corporations and companies
owning rolling stock which is used in interstate traf
fic; and also special reports from corporations and
companies owning depot property, stock yards, eleva
tors, and the like; and tha^reports should be secure^
from carriers by water, so far as their business is in
terstate traffic.
The recommendations are deserving of support.
Since the commissiou has been established Congress
should grant.it all powers required to make it useful
in as many ways as possible. There is certainly no
reason why the interstate commerce handled by ex
press companies should not be supervised by the com
mission as well as that Handled by railways.
P^ HE Chinese royal family consisted
*1 originally in the present generation
***^ of seven Princes. Two of these are
dead. Of these Princes one only suc
ceeded to the throne. At his death his
son reigned for. a short time, when he
died, _and the throne was given to the
son of the seventh Prince, who is now
supposed to be in possession.
The present Chinese dynasty came into
power in 1644. It is called the Tains
dynasty— the word "Tsing" meaning pur
ity. The royal family is not of Chinese
blood, but Manchu. The preceding dy
nasty was the Ming dynasty — -'Ming"
meaning bright. The royal family In
this dynasty were of pure Chinese blood.
For a short time previous to the Ming
dynasty the empire was ruled by a Mon
golian royal family, known as the Yuan
dynasty. The Yuan dynasty and the
present Tsing dynasty are the only
two dynasties In the history of China In
which the royal families have not been
Chinese. > /
Emperor Taokwang, who was the father
of the seven Princes of the present gener
ation of royalty, was the sixth Emperor
in the Tsing dynasty. He was succeeded
on the throne by his fourth son. Prince
Hienfung, who was known as the seventh
Emperor. This Prince married a wife,
and she had one son, Tungchi.
While his first wife was yet living he
took a second wife, Tsu Hsl, the pres
ent Empress Dowager.
Tungchl became the eighth Emperor. He
Is said to have been very wild and dissi
pated. His reign lasted but a short time,
and he died in 1S75.
The imperial family were divided as to
who should succeed to the throne, and
some time elapsed before the question
was settled. The Empress Dowager made
the selection— choosing Beileh Kwang Su,
son of the seventh Prince, Chung. To do
this she declared that Puolan, son of tht
second Prince, was disqualified because
he had accepted the estate of the third
Prince, who had died. The claims of all
others available, were simply suppressed.
The Empress Dowager showed a great
deal of tact In making this arrangement.
Before she had been taken as a wife she
was a slave. After her elevation sho
contrived that her sister should marry
Prince Chung. Kwang Su was the lssu«
of that marriage, and by making him Em
peror she was elevating her nephew both
by blood and marriage. "With an eye to
the future also, the Empress Dowager ar
ranged a marriage between her exalted
nephew and the daughter of her brother.
General Kwan Slang. The Emperor and
the Empress are therefore cousins. There
are no children.
Chinese Princes are not regarded With
any degree of awe by the populace until
they are placed in power. Very little at
tenticn is paid to the royal family, an-1
very little is known of its members by
the populace until a change is made in
the ruler.
For this reason Prince Tuan. the sixth
Prince— that is, tne sixth son of the pred
ent Emperor's grandfather— has never
before been heard of. lie is 'a man about
40 years old. has devoted his life to atn
letics and has always been a great fa
vorite with the young men of the nation
with whom he came in contact.
Tuan has a son 9 years old, who has
been proclaimed Crown Prince, or heir
presumptive to the throne. The young
men rallying- around Tuan's banner for
the purpose of a\-*>nping- themselves on
foreigners were first known as athletes
or boxers. Their ranks rapidly grew. The
recruits accepted the name, and all who
were In sympathy with the cause desig
nated themselves Boxers.
The Viceroys and Governors are not of
royal blood. The two offices are some
what similar, although the Viceroy is
considered somewhat higher in rank. The
duties of both the Viceroy and the Gov
ernor'are co-ordinate. Neither has au
thority over the other; both are responsi
ble directly to the Emperor.
THE PRESERVATION OF FORESTS.
tZ2R0M now to the time, when the conventions
I 'meet to nominate candidates for legislative of
* fices and draw up pledges for the candidates to
subscribe there may be no large and disastrous forest
fire to recall the public mind to the importance of
grappling with that evil as speedily as a proper means
can be devised for doing so. For that reason the
press of the State should at this time undertake as a
duty to keep the subject to the front, so that every
man nominated for the Legislature shall be pledged to
do his uttermost next winter to bring about the estab
lishment in California of some comprehensive system
oi conserving our flood waters and preserving our
forests. The issue is not in any sense a partisan
question, nor a local one, and consequently the sup
port given to any well directed attempt to deal with
it should be well-nigh universal.
Why should we wait for more fires to come to
teach us the folly of leaving our forests without pro
tection? Have not the lessons of the past been suf
ficiently costly and disastrous? The fire season of
this year has hardly begun, and yet already we have
had reports of flames sweeping fields, pastures and
woods in almost every section of the State. The
opening of the shooting season has in many localities
filled the farmers with more or less dread of dangers
from camp fires or from lighted matches or cigarettes
thrown carelessly on the ground. It is certain that
before the rainy season returns there will be lost to
California many thousands of dollars, and perhaps
millions, by these fires. It has been so in past sea
sons, and it will be so until some adequate method is
provided for preventing it.
If we undertake to achieve this winter at least a
start toward a comprehensive system of forestry, we
will have attained something of great value, for when
once a good start has been made the movement will
progress thereafter very largely of its own virtue. A
great deal of useful information on the subject can
be obtained through the forestry bureau of the De
partment of Agriculture, without cost to ourselves,
and in other ways valuable assistance will come if we
in earnest set about the work. The one thing of im
portance is to put an end to the spirit of indifference
and carelessness on the issue, and to begin to /deal
with it in a rational, civilized way.
We repeat that the matter is one the press of the
State should take up and impress upon the public
n:ind during the campaign. We shall have fires
enough between now and election day to serve as
object lessons to all who arc in need of that kind oi
instruction. The one danger is that what is learned
in 'the dry season may be forgotten when the winter
comes. For that reason the campaign of education on
the subject should be made now and candidates for
the Legislature pledged to do at least something fhis
winter in the direction of checking these disastrous
conflagrations.
type?
The issue cannot be evaded. Silence on the part of the association will be con
strued as giving consent to the practices of such men as Chretien and Rogers, and will
raise a suspicion that there are others in the profession who are equally guilty. Are
there not enough honest members of the bar to call these men to justice and expel them
from a profession they have disgraced by using its privileges for the practice of frauds
of the basest character? '
FOR HONEST POLITICS.
SHALL the Southern Pacific corporation,
through its political managers in alliance with
Crimmins and Kelly and the other ward bosses
of the city, have the privilege of fixing the Assembly,
Senatorial and Congressional districts of the State for
the next ten years?
That question is up to the better class of citizens.
It is for them to answer it. If at this juncture the
professional men, the business men and the Working
men of the party act with vigor we shall have a fair
arrangement of the districts throughout the State.
I? they are careless or lack energy, the result will be
a gerrymandering of the State which will give the
railroad and the bosses a big advantage in every elec
tion of. the coming decade.
Honest politics will always win whenever the hon
est people of the community are willing to attend to
their political duties. It will be the fault of the better
class of Republicans if at this juncture the corpora
tions and Crimmins and Kcl'^jbtain a triumph, and
they will have none but themselves to blame. A fair
opportunity is now given to good men to deal with
ill the bosses and the Southern Pacific touts in one
jiang and to beat them ail There is a chance to win
for honest politics a 'success that will be memorable
in the history of the city and will materially strengthen
the Republican party by winning for it the support
rf thousands of independent voters who will not vote
for men nominated by conventions that have either
been ruled by bosses or have compromised with them.
We repeat the question: Who shall redistrict the
State next winter? Shall it be the railroad and the
saloon bosses, or shall it be the representatives of
genuine Republicanism?
The importance of the issues involved in rcdis
trjctinp the State is well known to ever}' intelligent
student of politic?. The advantage which the power
to arrange the districts would j;ive to the railroa 1
sud its henchmen would be something enormou«.
The corporation could well afford to surrender San
Francisco to the ward bosses for the sake of having
ft free hand to fix the districts elsewhere. Thus there
U'upon all loyal Republicans an imperative duty at
this juncture. The combination among the touts and
corporation tools must be broken up and beaten.
Crimmins and Kelly mu?t be allowed no chance to
compromise the party or to betray its candidates.
CHINESE EMPEROR'S FAMILY TREE
TUESDAY JULY 17, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Marager.
MAX ACER'S OFFICn. .
ytFuClVATlOS OKFICK.. Market find Tlilrd. S. F.
Tele|»I»on«? l're»s SOI.
EDITORIAL. noOMS 217 to 221 Sterenaon St. j
Te-l«-r»li€ine I'pn» 2O2. j
Delivered 1«t Carrier*, 15 f>nt» Per WeeU.
¦tB«te Coplm. 5 Cent*.
•Term* by 3Ial!. Including I'oafaeei
DAILY CAIX flnrludi.-.g 5und>y). en* ye*r $J .M
ruUT/T CALL rinetudins .Sunday). 6 month* S.10
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). J months l.M
DAILY CALl^-Hv Single Month «5o
Ft.'XDAT CALL One Year ...— J-JJ
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ! *- w
All poMniaMrr* are nutliorl*ed to recelra
¦abscrlptlon*.
Sample ccpin will b« ior»«rded when requested.
Mail 6ub!>rr:iwrs in ordering '-licnc:? of address should be
particular 10 *r»ve both NEW AND OLD ADDHEFS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
mtAV«7W<tKPir.Bl t *-Cn MontR-cmery. corner of Cl»v. cr>»n
ontl! »:SJ o'clock. 8P0 Har*«. <>pen until »:3D o'clock. «K
McAllister, open ontil t:20 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
t:I0 o'clock. :S<1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
cotxer Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. J096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1W Eleventh, open until > o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-iecend and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
UPON the members of the Bar Association there rests a responsibility growing out
of the exposure made by The Call of the frauds in the Sullivan estate case not less
pressing than that which devolves upon the court. The men who have been proven
guilty of the frauds are members of the bar as well as officers of the court, and it is the
duty of the association to act promptly in punishing the offenders to the extent at least
of excluding them from further connection with the profession.
Of Chretien's share in the frauds little need be said. He has been proven guilty of
procuring a fraudulent claimant to the estate and of aiding him by the fabrication of ialse
documents to obtain it; and he has confessed his guilt. His offense is one otlhe basest that
can be committed under the "forms of law. It is, moreover, one which could have been
committed only by a person having the privilege of an attofney, and is therefore in the
nature of a professional crime. He is guilty not only as a man but as a lawyer.
Why has the Bar Association stood not only inactive but silent for so long a time
since Chretien's villainy was exposed and confessed? Why have no steps been taken to
rid the bar of such a rascal?
The case against Attorney Rogers lacks the seal of an open confession, but the
evidence of fraud on his part is nevertheless so strong as to justify;an'immediatejnyestl
gation by the bar. It has been sufficient to form in the public mind a conviction of his
guilt. Does the Bar Association purpose to permit him to pass unquestioned? Is it to
wait for the slow processes of grand juries and of courts?
Here are the facts The Call has brought to light concerning Rogers' connection
with the case. He went into court as an attorney for certain persons. whom he alleged to
be heirs of the estate. He declared in court an assured conviction that the claimant put
forward by Chretien was fraudulent; that no such man as Chretien pretended to have
found was alive at tjie time. Having made that declaration, Rogers afterward withdrew
the claim on the part of the heirs he alleged himself to represent, and in open court gave
his consent to, the distribution of the estate to the Chretien claimant, whom he had for
merly denounced as fraudulent.
Rogers swore he received no money for consenting to the distribution of the es
tate to Chretien's bogus heir. That statement is contradicted by Rauer, who alleges that
he paid $6oo to Rogers, and that the payment was made in consideration of Rogers'
agreement to let Chretien's scheme go through.
With the details of the case, which have been fully published in The Call and
proven in court, the members of the Bar Association are familiar.. They cannot be igno
rant of them, for they constitute one of the gravest scandals of the time, and are suffi
ciently contaminating to affect the reputation of bench and bar alike. »
In the face of such an outrage, the Bar Association cannot retain public confidence
if it remain silent. Is the association to do nothing to uphold the honor of the legal pro
fession, to assure the public^ that the bar is not open to thieves and rascals of the worst
THE DUTY OF THE BAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
6
.A. TESTIMOISTI AL. Paul p^
Cal. clace fruit SOc per It> at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily t»
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Tel»phon« Main 1041
"Pa, -why is spring called sprine'"
''Don't bother^ me. Jimmy.' r
"Soze folks won't go around thinkln' It's
winter."— Indianapolis Journal.
— — — » • ¦
Secure a sound mind, which seldom goe» with-
out a sound dieestion. bs uslns Dr. Sienrt'a
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj>heum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Great Ruby."
California— '"At Gay Coney Island."
Coiumbia-'The Liars."
TlvoH— "VTang."
Alcazar— '"Inpomar."
OJympia, corner Maprn and Eddy streets-Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.Jag.
F"i*<-hers — "Autumn Leaves"
Sutro Paths— Or>en Nights. .
¦••¦ AUCTION SALES.
By W. G. Laj-r.g— This fi«y, at 10:30 o'clock. Horses, at T21
Howard !ti*ct.George T. Reynolds' Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late George T. Reynolds wns
filed yesterday. The appraisers find the
estate to be worth $71,979.
Voters, Attention.
Register at once. Office open 8:30 a. m.
to 10 p. m. continuously after July, 15.
1900. I * I.
Notice to Camera Club Members •
and Friends of J. W. Erwin
The steamer James M. Donohue will
leave Tiburon ferry depot at 11:30 a. m. to
day to greet Mr. Krwln upon his departure
for Manila on the Government transport
The- California Northwestern Railroad
extends this excursion complimentary to
Mr. Erwin. and there will be no charge to
Camera Club members and friend*
Arthur E. MagilPs Will.
The will of Arthur E. Magill, who died
In this city on June 27 leaving an estato
valued at $250,000. was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent leaves his entire
estate to his sons, Arthur E. and Percy
W. Magill. Arthur E-! Magill and James
W. Whiting are named as executors.
Market Street Company Warned.
The Board of Public Works has notified
the general manager of the Market Street
Railway Company that there is an ordi.
nance in existence that requires a street
railway company holding a franchise to
build and operate electric lines to file a
notice in writing with the clerk of tho
Board of Supervisors forty-eight hours
before It commences the work of string,
ing the wires.
When the Market Street Company
strung Its wires along Bush and Sansome
streets a few weeks ago no notice what
ever was given to the Supervisors or to
the Board of Public Works. The work
was done early one Sunday morning and
the wires were strung from buildings, no
poles being used.
Ordered to Show Cause Why They
Should Not Be Punished
for Contempt.
At the Instance of Deputy Attorney
General William M. Abbott, H. E. Hun
tingtcn, J. C. Stubbs and T. II. Goodman,
officials of the Southern Pacific Company,
have been cited to appear before Judge
Bahrs on July 23. at 10 a. m., and show
cause, if such they have, why they should
not be punished for contempt of court for
having failed to comply with an order
of court directing the corporation to set
aside its circular raising the rate for one
continuous first -class fare between this
city and Fresno to $5 90.
By an order of court the legal rate of
fare was held to be $3 73, the Southern
Pacific combination's competitive rate,
established when it began to feel the ef
fects of the opposition of the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad
Company.
The action of the court when the return
in mnde on this summons will be of great
Interest to the people of the State, and
the proceedings will be closely watched.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S
OFFICIALS ARE CITED
THE new Democratic state central
Committee organized at the Califor
nia Hotel yesterday by the election
of State Senator J. C. Sims of So
noma chairman, Nicholas Bowden of
Santa Clara first and Edward L. Hutchin
son of 1ms Angeles second vice chair
man. Seth Mann, chairman of the old
State Central Committee, called the new
members to order at 11:30 a. m. The fol
lowing named committeemen responded to
the call of the roll:
At large from Congressional Districts— J. J.
Wells, Tehama; J. C. Sims, Sonoma: J. F.
Coonan Uumboldt; A. Caminetti, Amador:
Seth Mann Alameda; William H. Alton! and
Frank Gould, San Francisco; Nicholas Bow
den. Santa Clara: Thomas O. Toland, Ventura,
and' W. D. CrichtA, Fresno.
From Congressional Districts— M. F. Coch
rano. Marln ; Frank R. Wehe, Sierra: A. F.
Jones, Butte; J. D. Maxwell- and M. H. Her
nan, San FYanclsco; Michael Casey, Santa
Clara; C. W. Fay. San Francisco, and E. H.
Tucker. Fresno.
From Assembly Districts— J. M. West, Te
hama; John W. Roper, Cutte; D. H. Arnold.
Colusa; J. J. Sullivan, Placer; John T. York.
Napa: C. L. Brownlns. Solana; D. J. Mannix.
Sacramento: J. W. Cochrane, Marln; T. A.
McMahon. Contra Costa; E. W. S. Woods, San
Joaqutn; George B. McCauley, San Joaquln;
Lawrence Brannan, P. J. Tomalty, Thomas E.
Curran. M. C. Hassett. Emll Pohli. Louis de F.
Barliett and Dr. T. W. 13. Leland, San Fran
cisco; M. J. Kerwln and T. C. Stoddard. Ala
meda; E. L. Barker. Stanislaus; S. C. Cor
nell. Merced: Mark R. Plaisted and James A.
Ward, Fresno.
Proxies sufficient to make a, quorum,
with the members present, were pre
sented. '
The name of James E. Moore was hand
ed in to fill a vacancy in the Twenty
eighth Assembly District. J. D. Maxwell
promptly put In the name of Lawrence
Hoey as the choice of the delegation.
Later on a resolution was adopted author
izing the chairman to fill the vacancy.
The issue is therefore up to Senator Sims.
Sims Elected Chairman.
Seth Mann briefly announced "that the
Democratic State Convention at Sacra
mento provided that the new committee
should organize and assume power on
July 18. He called for nominations for
chairman.
J. F. Coonan of Kureka nominated J. C.
Sims of Sonoma. Mr. Coonan said a man
was wanted who could organize victory.
He thought Mr. Sims possessed the abil
ity to achieve that result as he had
wrested victory from the enemy in So
noma County.
C. 0. Dunbar of Sonoma was especially
gratified to see the committee looking to
the north for a leader. Sims was spoken
of as a man who had picked up the ban
ner In Sonoma and borne It to victory.
E. L. Hutchinson, who ran for Lieuten
ant Governor against Jacob Neff, second
ed the nomination of Senator Sims on be
half of the south. Hutchlnson mentioned
that he had made careful inquiry to as
certain if Mr. Sims possessed executive
ability and had found the candidate
strong in that line.
There being no other nomination Sena
tor Sims was elected by acclamation, in
fact, no other candidate was thought of.
When Gavin McNab and E. C. Farns
worth made up the committee at Sacra
mento Senator Sims was selected as
chairman and The Call then announced
his selection.
Committeemen Coonan and Dunbar were
appointed to conduct Senator Sims to the
chair. The new chairman made a grace
ful speech, thanking the committee for
the honor conferred. He was doubly
grateful because he was chosen by men of
so much eminence and distinction. He
knew the position demanded great re
sponsibility and unremitting toll, but did
not shrink from the task, as he was sur
rounded by able adyisers and counselors.
To the mind of the newly elected chair
man many things presaged a great Dem
ocratic victory in this campaign. He spoke
eloquently of the Demicratic standard
bearers. "B. and S."
Reference was made to the omission ot
the Declaration of Independence from the
Republican platform and the fact cited
as significant that the omission occurred
in Philadelphia, where the declaration
was framed. He said t>ie Republicans ac
cepted the gospel of Mark without ques
tion. . ¦ . .. rLi&'i*. i£
Chairman's Bryan Panegyric.
The Senator tapped the reservoirs of
Sonoma eloquence in pouring out a trib
ute to Bryan. He said the Nebraska
man's hands were clean and that no taint
ed breath dimmed his mirror.
"Nature," said the Senator, "has been
kind to Mr. Bryan. She has given him a
tongue of matchless eloquence. She has
endowed him with rare and inestimable
physical attributes and brilliant qualities
of intellect." The audience cheered when
.Mr. Sims said:- "Mr. Bryan worships the
eagle on the shield rather than tha brand
The audience applauded vigorously
when Mr. Stevenson's name wa's
mentioned. In fact. the heartiest
applause of the session was called
out by the reference to the Demo
cratic candidate for Vice President. The
new chairman. was quite facetious at the
expense of Governor Roosevelt and In the
following sentence made a break which
will not help the Democratic party: "It
1b not charged that he (Stevenson) went
up San Juan Hill with a revolver In each
hand, a knife in hla mouth and a razor
In his boot."
The Senator spoke well of Thomas Jef
ferson and Martin -Van Buren. He re
viewed : the Louisiana purchase and the
Democratic double standard r of money.
He fancied that the Reoubllcan party be
lieved that the people of the country were
enchanted by the illusions of the Oriental
empire and was making the campaign on
that line. ¦ The Immortality of Democratic
principles handed down from Jefferson
came in for recognition. In closing Sena
tor Sims advised the Democrats of Cali
fornia to elect nine Presidential Klectors,
seven members of Congress, twenty hold
over Senators and eighty Assemblymen.
Ho reminded his- hearers that red tire,
brass bands and burning eloquence were
all risht, but that victories were won by
organization. The new chairman said he
knew of no factions in the Democratic
party and would recognize no distinction
between Congressional districts.
Other Permanent Officers.
On motton of E. L. Hutchinson the
chairman was authorized to appoint a
permanent secretary and a permanent as
sistant secretary. Al UcCabe was elected
temporary secretary. Later on the chair
man's power of appointment was en
larged to embrace a treasurer, executive
committee, finance committee and such
other committees as he rhould d»em nec
essary. It was provided also that the
chairman should be ex-omeio a member
of all committees. Mr. Sims was further;
authorized to appoint a sergeant at arms,
stenographer and^typewriters.
Frank Gould nominated Nicholas Bow
den of Santa Clara for first vice chair
man. J. J. Wells of Tehama nominated
K. \j. Hutchinson of-i.os Angeles for sec
ond vice chairman. Both were elected by
acclamation. Mr. Bowden made a modest
speech of acknowledgment.
Mr. Hutchinson of Los Angeles said:
"Thomas Jefferson was a native of my
State. I was born in Virginia, where
Democracy was born." Mr. Hutchlnaon
also spok<» favorably of Assemblyman
William Meade and Supervisor Jim Hand
ley of Los Angeles.
To Organize Clubs.
M. C. Hassett introduced the following
resolution, which was referred to the ex
ecutive committee:
Resolved, That at least one Bryan and
Stevenson Club be organized in every county in
the State; that in counties forming more than
one Assembly District a club be formed in
each Assembly District; that in the organiza
tion of said clubs the members of the County
State Central committees co-operate In their
respective localities and that credentials to act
for the Democratic party be Issued to the clubs.
signed by the chairman of the county committee
and chairman of'the State Central Committee.
Necessity of Registration.
On motion of Frank Gould it was re
solved that the committee should suitably
recognize the splendid service rendered
in the past by Seth Mann. The sugges
tion evoked prolonged applause.
Mr. Mann acknowledged the compli
ment in fitting words. He thought there
was a good chance of winning California
for "B. and S."
On motion of A. Camlnetti an assess
ment of $20 was levied on each member
of the committee. Assessments were paid
by E. W. S. "Woods and George B. Mc-
Cauley of San Jpaquln.
Thomas O. Toland,' member of the State
Board of Equalization, reminded the com
mittee of the necessity of registration for
the primary election. He apprehended
that the law permitted one party to con
trol the election In another party.
J. J. Wells of Tehama said there was a
constitutional amendment pending which
would relieve the interior counties from
the operation of the primary election law.
He remarked that the people outside of
San Francisco were opposed to the sys
tem.
6ri motion of E. L». Hutchinson the
chairman was authorized t« appoint one
man from each county to look after nat
uralization and registration.
On motion of Seth Mann the chairman
was authorized to fill all vacancies of of
fices and committees.
D. J. Mannix assured the committee
tha> Bryan would again carry Sacra
mento County, and the committee ad
journed. i
Contending Democratic Clubs.
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District ha3
Its own troubles. There are two Demo
cratic clubs contending for supremacy.
One club, known as the "opposition." was
organized by Sam Kohlman, J. Schwartz
and II. L. Bienfleld. The other club,
which is presided over by D. J. S. Potls,
temporary president, is recognized by the
county committee. This club, which Kas
STiO members, will meet Thursday evening
at Turn Vereln Hall, on Turk street, to
perfect, a permanent organization. The
opposition club, it Is said, has barely 100
names on the rolls, ,
Congressman Kahn Indorsed.
Congressman Julius Kahn received the
Indorsement of his fellow Republicans at
a meeting of the Forty-second Assembly
District Club last night. The following
resolution was adopted :
¦ Rerolved. That we have observed the efforts
and zeal displayed by the Hon. Julius Kahn In
representing the Fourth Congressional District
of California In the House of Representatives
at Washington, particularly in respect to the
exclusion of Japanese laborers, with approval,
and believe that his course entitles him to the
highest respect and fullest confidence of the vo
ters of this district.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEPUBLICANS OBGANIZE.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 16.— The Repub
licans of this town have organized a local
branch of the Army and Navy Republican
League of California, which they have
named -Lawton Camp No. 29. There are
already about forty active 'members, vet
erans and sons of veterans, and a large
number of other Republicans not eligible
to full membership have asked to.be en
rolled as honorary members. The officers
of the new organization are: ~W. P. Kins
man, colonel; R. L. Patrick, . lieutenant
colonel; R. C. "Wornes, major; B. P. Lo-
bier, adjutant; C. G. Chamberlain, quar
termaster; F. W. Hawley, officer of the
day: J. A. Beyneer. officer of the guard.
The league ¦will hold ¦weekly meetings
from this time until after the fall elec
tion, and, when the campaign Is fully open
will bring to thl9 place many of Califor
nia's best known speakers to champion
the cause of McKlnley and Roosevelt. Pa
clflc Grove is the banner Republican town
of Monterey County, and it is believed the
new organization, with practically the en
tire Republican contingent of the town at
its back, will wield an influence through
out the county that will prove a powerful
factor for Republicanism in the coming
elections.
J. C. SIMS ACCEPTS CHAIRMANSHIP OF DEMOCRATIC STATE CENTBAL COMMITTEE.
i the physicians of the Chinese by the city Board
or Health."
"'Since the nroeunrment of the order o?
j coi:rt gram r.z i rtrlUcea to the white physt
i cians of [be quarant!r-d Chinese to v!slt the
¦ick anJ be present ani take Dart in autopsies
: hud. neither the City Board of Health n:r I'd
: er^l officers have beer, able to discover ar.y
¦ tv-ibonic pisrue case, dtad rr alive.". .
Threat of State Sonrd. Used.
! Fifth— As to my charge that the Board of
Health "used as an ars'.:m«nt before this
i Board of Supervisors to induce this board to
I authcriie tbezn to quarantine the Chinese quar
! ter. the asreition that if the Chinese quarter
; was Dot so quarantined, then and in that event
the State Ii_ari of Health would <jua:antine
i the entire c:ty. and th^y thereby induced re
j tpcctable mere-hams to appear befcre this board
1 an<2 petition this board to quarantine the Chl-
I ne«e quarter as the lesser of two evils, and not
| because they believed that there was plague
j In the city," 1 «ay:
Governor Would Not Stand In.
The Governor of this State told me person
ally that the State I'.oarU of Health souglit
to get his assent to place this city In quar
antine and he refused absolutely to allow them
that Enid refusal on the Governor's part was
prior to the meeting of the Board of Super
visors at which tl'.e Health Board informed us
that if we did not quarantine Chlnatowjx the
Statf board would quarantine us. 1 also
I chars*"<l that as I>r. Bazet nae then a m»mlier
I of both the Stat? ami local boards of h»a!th,
, he must have had knowledge that the State
j board couM not quarantine this city, and
throurh him your beard must have known It.
! Thcreiore. I reiterati* that the merchants were
blackmailed intr> donatinc funds and Into beK
jcir.K for the quarantine of Chinatown as afore
saiJ. as you failed to impart to them the in
formation that the State board had been ren
i dered pcvi-erl-Es to act by the Governor.
Sixth — As to my chaig* of liability: You are
j respectfully ret?rrea M the fact that the Chi-
I nes» are now perfecting their arrangements to
J sue fcr pome million? of <iollars' damages.
Guilty of Gross Extravagance.
The Hoard of Health has been gruilty of Kross
! eitraiagance ever since Its appointment."
| \\ hf-n Dr. Williamson came before the Super
! rteora months aco asking for an appropriation
I of £50,000 to carry out their work for the re
mainder ot the last flpcal year, the Board of
Supervisors saw fit to cut down the appropria
tion to J24.QOO. Dr. Williamson met one of the
almoot immediately thereafter and
caid !n efTeot: "You don't know what you are
doing in cutting down the Health Board in this
way. You don't realize the danger this clty
la in from a visitation of Oriental plaguo. You
will be lucky if you don't get the plague here
within a we«k." W» did get the alleged plague
hi less than a we*-k thereafter, und If the
Health B'-arJ is an authority we have it vet.
I was tolJ by Supervisor d'Anccna early "last
wofk that at last your board had what it be
lifned to be a livtns case of plague now In the
hospital. At that date the patient had been
rick two daya. It Is hardly necessary for me
to say that I doubt it. But I will say that
there are many Oriental plants wMch will not
li\e in this climate, but when tenderly cared
for jn a conservatory will thrive and do well.
the stigma of plague upon this community,
without success, there is at least ore man in
th" city who would not be surprised to hear
that they have at last found the true plague. '
more rartirularly If that case emanates from a
hospital within th*>lr Jurisdiction.
It has been the custom of members of the I
Hralth Board when questioned about the re- ;
fu^al of the alleged bubonic plague to spread, i
and become epidemic, to answer by saying that
the outbreak of plague In Oporto was precisely 1
similar to the condition of affairs here. I ask j
more than a mere statement for that fact. I !
ask for the production of any authority to sup- '<
port the claim that conditions were the same ¦
In this city as in Oporto, or any other place. !
during an epidemic of plaeue.
Referring to the case of Dang Hong, who died |
May 2S. and whose case is set forth In the re- I
port of Pr. KelloK* as Case No. 10 in the "orls- !
tna.1 communications." as published In the Oc- '
ridental Medical Times fcr July. I find that Dr. :
Kellogg and the Health Board declare it to be i
a true case of plague. A morning paper In Its i
issue of June 1 declared that Dang Hong's b'Kly i
was embalmed on th» nleht of his death, and j
that it was done twelve hours before Dr. Kel- j
loeg had an opportunity to take specimens frcm :
the glands: and I have authority frcm the pa- i
per to say that It was prepared to prove Its as- I
sertl.->r.. but that the board never disputed the i
; truth of It.
It seems to me from the brief statement made '
here that the strictures upon the Board of j
i Health made in my resolution are amply justi-
Bed by the facts.
Dr. Bazet as a Politician.
In passing- I wish to notice a recent outbreak
of Dr. Bazet, which was published In the Bul
letin of Julv 10. In it the learned medico be
wails the fact that the Board of Health lacks
an aggressive politician, and saye. "We are all
Innocent of the tri'-ka of politics, and so we
are imposed upon." And incidentally he con
signs Mr. Sanderson and myself to a place not
generally mentioned In polite society. Let me
compare the innocence of the tricks of politics
of Supervisor Sanderson and myself with that
of members r>f the Board of Health. Mr. San
derson took hi* Beat a» a Supervisor last Jan
uary. aft»r be'ng chosen for the place by the
people. Prior to that time, I am not aware that
he ever h»ld any i«olltlcal office. I was elected
to the office of Supervisor at the same time.
About a week before the convention met I had
no mose idea that I was to be a candidate than
the man in the moon; and I have never been
connected In any manner with politics before,
and have never even been, and am not now,
a member of any politcnl club or organization
liow about Dr. Bazet? He holds now the
position of a member of the local Board of
Health under a Democratic administration.
He held also, until quite recently, a similar
position in the State Board under a ReDub
lican Administration. Was he elected by the
people? No! He obtained his position by ap
pointment. A man who Is entirely Innocent of
the tri«-ki» of politics does not usually get such
appointment*, especially In Democratic and Re
publican admlni-tratlor.s contemporaneously
How -dl.1 he get them? Ask a politician, I
don't know.
How about Dr. Williamson? He Is a mem
ber of the local Board of Health, waa a mem
ber of a former Board of Health, and while oc
cupying such position helped appoint himself
Superintendent of the City and County Hospi
tal, and calmly sat down to occupy both
positions at one and the same time. His was
!nde«-d a pleasant berth. For. as a member
of the Board of Health, he had the pleasure of
approving his own acts as Superintendent of
the City and County Hospital. Unfortunately
for him. Auditor Broderick could net see it
that way. and held that Dr. Williamson could
net bold two positions at once, so he refused
to a>id!t his salary as Superintendent of the
hospital. Dr. Williamson stood It for a while
but finally resigned. Were there any political
tricks missed there? Did the people elect him
to these various positions? No. he was ap
pcinted. Could he have obtained these positions
without a knr.wledire of the tricks of politics?
As to Dr. Buckley, he came upon the scene
nfter the bubonic plague, so-called, waa flour-
Ishlnz. and had no hand in its "Inception
Whether he ha* any knowledge of political
tricks. I know not. But I do know that as a
yarhtEman he ought to be familiar enough with
fresh, pure air to have no trouble in knowin"
when the ruble air law was brine violated iS
Olir.atown. and he might direct his energies
that way. with benefit to the city and credit
to himself.
Dr McCarthy. It appears, was also a mem
ber of a former Board of Health, so he cannot
claim entire Ignorance of the methods of poli
ticians.
Plague Never Existed.
*_ It Is not. however a question of Dolitlcs,
but a question of existence of plague In this
city, and of th« oomj>etency of th« Board of
Health I think It ha, bin riArly proven
that there never was a case of bubonic plague
h-re; an.1 I think It Is equally cWr that the
statement contained in my resolution as to
the Ineompetency of the Beard of H-alth Is
founder! on farts, and not fiction, to the ex
tent of absolute proof.
When the Supervisor had concluded the
reading r of his statement Reed Paid that
as the Health Board had demanded either
a retraction or a justification of Super
visor McCarthy's language as 'expressed
In his resolution calling, upon that body
to resien. It was but rijrht that the state
rnent as read Ibv McCarthy should be sent
to the Health Board. Reed's motion was
seconded by Hotalinjr. and It was adopted
without any discussion.
"\\^ tf HEN the resolution recently
\/\// ado P t<?d b >' Board of Health
\jf\tf calling upon Superviror Mc-
Carthy to justify his utterances
regarding the questionable methods em
ployed by that body during the recent
plagrue scare came up before the Board of
Supervisors yesterday it was ordered re
ferred to a committee. McCarthy, how
ever, objected to that procedure and asked
that the matter be taken up before the
full board, which was accordingly done.
McCarthy then read a statement in reply
to the Health Board's request for an ex
planation. In which he reviewed the events
leading up to and coincident with the
quarantine of Chinatown.
That the Health Board made a mistake
In asking McCarthy for a justification of
bis utterances will be apparent from the
etatement, which follows in full:
Cleansed Private Property.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors
Gentlemen: The B.iord of Health of this city
an<2 county, at a neotinp held July 11, adoptel
fc resolution der.ouncinK sateiaents contained
In the resolution which I submitted to .his
board on June Ik as <J^lit*rate untruths an.l
called upon your boani "to require Supervisor
McOerchy to either withdraw his offensive
language or t-h^w Justification for his us* of
the same bey.nd the ebullition of his own an-
Lrldled imagination."
la reply th.-reto I beg: leave to submit to
your honorable body the following statement
lor your consideration:
During tha first alleged outbreak of pla^Je.
which Botimi*d under the present adrriiiiKtra
tlm of tttc Health I*partm«nt, the lijarJ of
Ziralth, without consulting the BoarJ of Super
visors, proceeded to appoint about one lnn
tfred dfjiutu-s x<> clean «'hlnatov. n. They sjer.t
perhaps* a thousand dollars, which I believe s
most liberal figure, in «weepln«r the street* a:»'l
<lep<-*:t:ng chlorWe of lime therein. The
cleanfir.K of sewers probably cost nothing, a?
the city pays for water for that purpfcM. The
remainder of a large sum was expended .n
cleaning the private premises of property
owners in Chinatown and removing the nuis
ances therefrom. All of this large sum ut
money the taxpayers cf this city are asked io
pay-
Money Illegally Expended.
did the r>oar<l expend the city •* monsy
without even asking the Board of Supervisors
for the appropriation? Since they proposed to
tackle such a Job without the advice and is
elet&nee of the Board of Supervisors why diJ
selves of a fact of which they apparently wer*
Ignorant ttat It is not proper to ask a prop
erty owner in the Mission or other pa& of tn?
owner's premises? li I maintain a r.uiaanct
on rr.y property the Board of Health would
h.ave no authority to draw money from &e
public treasury to abate it. I quote this sec
tion of the Political Code referred to:
¦•Section 3C2S — Whenevt-r a nuisance nhali ex
ist on the property of any known resident i#r
eny property the owner cr owners of wh.ch
cannot be Jound +y either health Inspector,
efter diligent search, or on the property of any
owner or owners upon whom due notice may
have been served and who eh&ll. for ttare«
days, refuse cr neglect to abate ihe tame, or
on any city property, it frhall b* the duty of
the Board of Health to cau*e the said nuitani e
to be at once removed or abat<»d and to draw
upon the grenerai fund for such nums ;u* may
lw* required for its removal or abatement, n>-t
to exceed $C f >0: provided that irbenever a larger
expenditure Is found necessary to b« made for
the removal or suppression of any nuisance th-?
lizard of Supervisors of said city osid county
thall. upon the written application of th«
23"srd of Health, by ordinance, appropriate
allow and order paid out of the general fund
euch sum or sums as may be necessary fir
that purp'«e and the Auditor fha.ll a. .-lit and
the Treasurer shall pay all appropriations of
money made In pursuance, of this section in
the earr.e manner as Is now provided by law
for auditing and paying demands upon ihi
treasury: said sum or sums so paid shall 1 •.-
said nuisance has been removed or abated .n
pursuance of this section and may be recoverel
by an action agaJnst such property. AnJ it
eh«Jl be the duty of the City and County At
torney to foreclose all such liens in the proper
court la the name of and for the benefit ot
tuch city and county and when the property
Is sold enough of the proceeds shall be paid
Into the city and county treasury' to satisfy
the lien and costs and the overplus, if any
there be, EhaU be paid to the owner of th«
jrcperty. If he be known, and If not. then Into
the court for his use when, ascertained. Th<
Board of Health Is hereby vested with power
to act upon, define, determine and adjudi;^
v : si shaJl constitute a nuisance in said clty
end county and to require the same to be
t bated In a summary manner. Any person
who maintains, permits or allows a nuisance
to exist upon his or her property or premises
after the same has been determined by said
board to be a nuisance and alter notice to
remove the earae has been served upon such
rerson, is guilty of a misdemeanor and shall
e punished accordingly, and each day of such
t>.:?:tr. '.<r, after notice, shall be deemed a
eej.-e.rate and distinct offense, and it Is tne
C vi'.y of the health officer to prosecute all per
sons guilty of violating this law by continuous
prosecutions until the same Is abated and re-
Bights Were Violated.
Flrtt— A* to the claim that the rights and
privileges of the Chinese race were violated
by the Quarantine:
I refer you to the decision of the Circuit
Court cf the United States, Hon. W. W. Mor
row. Judge, presiding; also to the following
sections of Governor Gage's statement to the
Vnited States Secretary of State. Mr. John
Hay. In response to the latter' s request for
& statement of the facts:
"Twelfth: That if the cases referred to were
genuine plague, even then the quarantine, as
conducted by the City Board of Health, in con-
Junction with the Federal Quarantine Officer
Is discriralr.aUng against the Chinese, and also
unreasonable according to Information derived
from the highest authority here obtainable."
Plague Premises Wot Isolated.
Second— Ae to my claim that the Board of
Health failed and neglected tc isolate the prem
li<-s wherein plague was saltl ta have existed:
I state that such Is the fact. There was to
case where premises said to contain a victim
of plague, was Isolated. The only attempt at
Isolation upon the part of the quarantine of
ficials was to separate Chinatown or attempt
to sej>arata It by a cordon from the balance
of the city. If there was any case cf isola
tion of private premises It was net made pub
lic and I would like to have the Board of
Health i>olnt It out.
Charges of Incompetence.
Third— As to my charte that the Board of
Health and Its advisors are incompetent:
Dr. Klryoun. who was persistently held up
to the community by said board as a plague
expert beyond question, admitted to me pub
licly at a meeting of the SupervlBcrs at which
the Board of Health and many merchant*
were present that he never saw a human
being with bubonic plague \n hii life,
ing the alleged c£*es in this city. He also
admitted thet he dlapnosed a Kitasato »peci
tr.en of bubonic plague, which w&* prrsent«><l
to him by a former Board of Health a» pneu
monia, and stated at that time that he had
Jetfre on the subject which he could read
which would, he Inferred, explain his connec
tion, but which In the Interests of the n-puta
tlon of people connected with the transaction
be thought ought not to b« read. Why did
he not r^*<i them? Did anybody present ob
ject, or did Dr. Kinyoun. out of consideration
cf Ms associates, and out of the coodners of
his heart, wittingly accept the charge I made
acainst him to shield othf-rs?
As to the metr-ber* of the local board. I ask
where did r>r. Williamson get his medical edu
cation concerri'nsr the plague? DM any member
of the board «>ver see a human being with
the r.larue out»iiie of the alleged ea»es In this
rlty? Did thr-y erer even have an opportunity
to exajnine the undisputed example* of Dlague
bacilli, and If po. when and where? I refer
the board to the -following quotation , from the
Governor's statement to Secretary of State
Never Saw Living Plague Case.
"The rnedlraJ trentlemrn and experts of the
Pity Bnartl nf Health «n«l the FMeral Quar
antine officer* who have ventured the Injurious
opinion which ha« spread broadcast over the
world the rumor of the existence of the dread
ful r'ac-J" in the rreat and healthful rlty of
Fan Franciflro have never reen a lH - lnK easo
of plarue: wherea«. some among the physi
cians. Furr«onft sn<1 wlwitfotn with whom I
have nAiritwtl have had personal experience and
wiije opportunitle«i In ob«»rvinR the bubonic
pl&jrue when It wans rapine In India and e!«e
where. and they all pronounce the suspected
eaf-f here not bubonic plarae."
Reputable Physicians Barred.
Fourth— As to n ( r chars* that the Board of
Re»lth refused to al!nw reputable phrtelans
to attend at th»!r deliberations and autopsl**:
My kno-wledre was obtalro] from statement*
t>y doctors, from the press %enerallr and from
Jubilc report* of their proceeding and also
Iron the Governor's report stair,:
"•Full aad fair Invest I ration baa been denied
Supervisor Justifies His Resolution
Asking That Body to Tender
Its Resignation.
In Written Statement He Backs Up Kis Asser
tions Regarding Questionable Methods
0 During Plague Scare.
M'CARTHY SCORES
BOARD OF HEALTH
The Board cf Supervisors passed an or
dinance yesterday finally accepting the
Hall of Justice with a vlev.- to Its Imme
diate occupancy by the various criminal
departments of the Superior Court. Mc-
Carthy moved that the architect of the
building furnish his certificate that It was
in proper condition to be accepted, but
Comte said that the time had come when
the city should enter Into possession of
the building whether it was llnlshedor
not. The architect, he said, was not in a
position to give a. certificate at once, and
to insist on his doing so would only delay
and complicate matters*.
"Let us accept the building," said
Comte. "and the creditors can light It out
In the courts."
The ordinance rea<
As the City Attorney has advised this board
that It may' accept the Hall of Justice with
out first having settled with the creditors as
serting claims acainst the same; now, there
fore, be It
Resolved, T!:at the City and County of San
Francisco does hereby accept said Hall of Jus
tice: and be it further
Resolved. Thit the Committee on Public
Buildings of this Board be and hereby is author
ized to take possession of said Hail of Justice
on behalf of the city and county, to the end
that the same may be us.d without delay for
the purposes for which it was constructed.
An ordinance providing for the police
relief anil pension fund was referred to
the Police Committee. The ordinance
Bets a«lde rewards received. by policemen,
certain Police Court fines and J2 per
month from every police officer's salary to
constitute the fund.
Supervisor Reed Informed the board
that to accommodate the members of the
Hoard of Supervisors and Board of Public
Works on their trip to Lake Tahoe he had
engaged a special Pullman car to leave
this city at 6 o'clock next Friday evening,
arriving at Truckee Saturday morning.
A special steamer will take the party
around Lake Tahoe and carriages will
convey the members to Marybvllie to In
spect "the Yuba River system.
Referred to Committees.
The following communications were referred
to committees:
Sunnyglde District Improvement Clv.o, asking
for the Installation of *Lt electric arc Hcnts in
Jtf district and calling attention to the fact
that the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany vras directed by the boarrt five months
ago to install these lights, but had failed to do
so; Prectta Valley Improvement Club, to have
J5000 transferred from the tund recently made
available for Improvements to the park fund,
to be used to put a cement ccplng around Ber
nai Park. *
Street Work.
Resolutions were adopted orderlnp the laying
of granite curbs and artificial Ftnne sidewalks
on the four corners of the crossing of Vallejo
and Steiner streets, the roadway to be paved
with bituminous rock: fixing the northwesterly
alignment of Java street, between Masonic and
Buena Vista avenue*. and establishing the
width of i?ai<l street at 37 feet 9 inches; grant
ing an extension of ninety days, from August
11. to Ivan Trea1w?ll and others to complete
the contract to erarte. macadamize, etc., on
G'nve, Clayton, Ashbury streets and Masonic
avenue. Th? order providing for the reconstruc
tion of the plank roadway on Ppear street, be
tween Harrison snd Hryant streets, was post
poned for on* w<»ek. Sixth street, between Fol
som and Harrison, also Shipley street, near
Sixth, was ordered to be regraded. curbed and
repnved.
Miscellaneous Business.
After being addre««ed by Recorder Godchaux
the bo.ird decided to allow that official a mort
tta<?e clerk at $100 per month.
The contracts for lighting the public build
ings and streets were finally awarded to va
rious llcht and power companies.
The Fum of $000 was appropriated to pay th«:
expenses of the Boards of Supervisors and of
Public Works in the investleatton of various
watersheds of the Yuba River and the Lake
Tahce wr.ter system.
The ordinance providing for the extension of
the pound limits to the Mission road. Ocean
View and other thoroughfares was finally
raised, as was also the ordinance granting the
Auditor permission to employ fifty extra clerks,
end the ordinance prohibiting the running of
animal* at laree In the city limits. /
The San Francisco Special Messenger Service
wss granted permission to erect overhead wires
for the purpose of receiving calls from patrons.
The ordinance directing the Pacific Telephone
Company to place an auxiliary telephone In the
office of Treasurer Brooks was referred to the
Committee on Telephones.
The bond of Clinton E. Worflen for furnish
ing supplies to the Almshouse was reduced from
J200O to ?500.
An ordinance definlncr the fire limits of the
city and regulating the erection of buildings
and other structures was referred to the City
Attorney for his opinion.
The list of corrections recommended by As
¦eesor Dodsre on personal property assessments
was adopted and the changes were ordered
made. ..Vi'J
Contractors Must Turn Over
the Hall oi Justice to
the City.
Provision Made for Police Pension
and Relief Fund — Supervisors
Will Visit Lake Tahoe
Next Friday.
ACCEPTANCE OF
BUILDING HAS
BEEN ORDERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
New State Central Committee Organized by Election
of State Senator J. C. Sims Chairman— He-
Will Appoint Subordinates.
DEMOCRATS MAKING READY
TO COMMENCE CAMPAIGN
7
A SUFFERER FROM
THE HEAT,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
who perspires freely, will be surprised
when he notes how much longer th« linen
done up at our laundry keeps fresh and
cool when the thermometer is on the ram-
page, than that done up at other laun-
dries. Our hot weather laundry work Is
"done up" for keeps, and you save money
by having it done here.
"No saw edgvs."
Office 1OO4 Market Stre»t,
•'¦! Nt#fpoweIL
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Offlce-f3ea 12th Street.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
C1IES1&1
.Tallies cfaeckrt r«a.
Southfleld Wellington"' Coal, <
order, from, any Coal Dealer
Almost all the corn •which Europe take*
is consumed bv animala.
"Marshall" fountain pens for $1. '"Wat-
erman" Ideal fountain pens from 52 50 to
$7 each. Larpest assortment in the c!ty.
Commercial stationery and office supplies
at reasonable prices. Printing and en-
Kravinp done at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s, 741
Market street. •
has a wonderful record
of absolute cures of these
troubles— 'a constant
series of successes for
thirty years* Thousands
of women vouch for this*
Their letters constantly
appear if* this paper*
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
The derangements of
the female organism that
breed alf kinds of trouble
and which ordinary prac-
tice does not cure, are the
very things that give way
promptly to lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Com-
pound* ; -:5£ :V£;
Uterine and ovarian
troubles, kidney troubles,
ulcerations, tumors, un-
usual discharges, back-
aches and painful periods
—these are the Ills that
hang on asizl wr'eck health
and happiness and dis-
position*
t2 tiaM*£& %&3£jf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bmM CARTERS
*"i'\p(w'^^iVw RKrS " "* «mB 8 %
'Potittrely cored fjy tkese
Iiittle Pills. -
' They also relievo Distress £10111 Dyspep^is»
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Apcr*
feet rexxady for Dizziness, Nausea, Drow sl-
. ness, Bad Tastetn the Moutb, Coated Tongtat
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. The;
Regulate the Bowel* Purely Vegetable. .
8«nall Pin* Small Dose.
iSmanPffce.'
DR. MEYERS & CO., j
Specialists for Ailments of Nfen, |
731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. |
AMUSEMENTS^
SOURTH WEEK OB" THE SEASON".
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AJTD BATXTRDAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Promts
HENRY MILLER
And a SPKCIAL COMPACT
la Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy.
"THE LIAKS."
l^AST SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS.
July 23— "Hla Excellency, the Governor."
THUHSDAT AFTERNOON. July 19.
FIRST OF THE
BURTON HOLMES LECTURE,
XTaeniflc«nt!r Illustrated. Subject. "Manila."
"There were, indeed, grood things In number."
— Examiner.
'•Mathews and Bulger hare a tremendously
funny specialty."— Call.
"Xo want of melody in the play."— Chronicle.
SEE WHAT THE CRITICS SAY.
MATHEWS AND BOLGER and
DUNNE AND RYLEY'S ALL-STAR CAST
Present for This Week Only the Polite. Funny
AT 6AI COM ISLAND!
Next Sunday — Mathews and Bulger's original
success. "RUSH CITY."
i^TT H£* 4 T R c, ' ?
EVERT NIGHT THIS VVITKK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
Beautiful Picturesque Production.
INGOMAR!
OXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— DOUBLE BIUU "THE COrN-
TRT GIRL." and "ONLY THE MASTER
SHALL BLAME." ¦
A GLITTERIXO ARRAY OP FIRST-CLASS
TALEXT.
HISS LILLIAN BURKHART in "Cap-
tain Snsanne."
WILLIAMSON AND STONE.
JOHN DONOHTTE ANT> MATTIE NICHOLS:
SMITH AND FULLER: BARRERE AND
JULES: QUAKER CITY QUARTET: STEL-
LA MATHEW; CLAYTON WHITE AND
MARIE STUART, assisted br MIS3 EVA
RANDOLPH: AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Reserved- seats. 25c: balcony, 13c; opera chairs
and box seats. EOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TIV0LJ*
A Packed House Last Xli-ht Enjoyed th»
Famous Comic Opera.
WANG!
The Greatest Production Ever Seea Her*.
Kvenlngs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MONDAY. JULY 3D. GALA OPENING OP
THE GRAND JBPERA SEASON.
POPULAR PRICES-Kc and 50c.
Telephone — Bush 9.
Walter Moroeco Sole Lessee and Manager
SRAWLEY^'
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
THE GREAT RUBY!
RECEIVED "WITH ENTHUSIASM LA.ST
NIGHT BY A CROWDED HOUSE.
PRICES— I3c, SCc. 25c. 15c ¦
SATURDAY MATINEE— 50c. Kc. 13c. 10c
Cniidren Under Fire Not Admitted.
E«TdpiJpD»q CONCERT HOUSE.
LENORE. WHITE & CO. In "AUTUMN
LEAVES." Edward B. Adams. Coral Thorn-
dike, Violet Johnson. Isabelle Underwood and
New Moving Pictures by EDISON'S PRO-
JECTOSCOPE.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHT9L
Open dally from T a. in. to 11 p. m.
Bathing- from 7 a. m. to. 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5o.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. tOc.SAN JOSE. July 16.— The mill workers of the
various planing mills of San Jose and Santa
Clara have taken preliminary steps toward the
formation of an organization, which they ex
pect to effect on July 28.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— Curtis Guild of
Boston, who was tendered the appointment of
First Assistant Postmaster General to succeed
Perry S. Heath, has declined to accept the of
fice owing to pressure of private business.
PITTSBURO. Pa., July 18.— The Amalga
mated Association's scale has been signed for
the five sheet mills of the Republic Iron Works
and work has been resumed. This Is the first
union plant in the Pittsburg district to start.
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— John Coleman, a
negro sailor. wa« to-day convicted of man-
Mauehter. During a n*ht at San Pedro he
kicked Chris Kenneson In the head. Kenneson
died soon after. Coleman has not been sen
tenced.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 16.— The first suit for
damages prrowlntr out of the Fourth of July
street car accident, ln which forty-three lives
were lest, was filed to-day by Harry Gaul for
the death of hln son, Harry, for $3000. Many
other suits are expected.
DALLAS, Tex.. July 18.— Peoria, sixty miles
southwest of Dallas, was swept by a cyclone
to-day. The wife of John Nelson and two
children are believed to be fatally hurt. Two
churches, several dwelling houses and an Im
mense amount of farm property were destroyed.
LONDON, July 16.— The weather to-day Is
the hottest experienced ln London this season.
The thermometer at 11 a. m. showed 91 de
prees ln the shade and 132 decrees In the sun.
There have been many prostrations by heat
and some fatal cases have been reported. Work
had to be suspended ln exposed places.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 18.— News hn»
reached here of a serious .»piit in the Colombian
Government. Certain Ministers have taken a
position antagonistic to their colleagues. The
former have the confidence of the republic and
soldiery and should the split become more acute
the rebels will be largely reinforced by Gov
ernment troops. i
•CAPE TOWN. July 16.— 'UTien the war . In
South Africa is over 10.000 Boers, chiefly
naturalized citizens of the Transvaal, will emi
'grate to the United States. Irish-Americans
are arranging the preliminaries for this move
ment. The latent Machadodorp advices state
that President Kruget will refuse to surrender
until his supplies are exhausted.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Police Make Raid in Chinatown.
Sergeant P. A. Mahoney and posse raid
ed the house at 8 Ross alley last night
at 10 o'clock and arrested eighteen Chin
ese for gambling. A fan-tan outfit was
found in the room where the arrest was
made. The house is a notorious resort for
highbinders^ " '
St, Vincent de Paul Society.
The third general meeting of the con
ferences of the Society of St. Vincent de
Paul will be held next Sunday morning
in the hall of St. Paul's Church. Twenty
ninth and Church streets, at 7:45. The
members will receive communion in a
body at the 8 o'clock mass. In the after
noon they will assemble in the hall and
receive the reports of the various confer
ences.
The number of officers ordered to the
Orient within the last day or so foreshad
ows the movement on the part of the
United States to aid in the suppression
of the Chinese Boxers. The news of
the massacre of the American infantry in
China excited a great deal of talk in
army circles yesterday, as most of the
officers whom rumor reports killed or
wounded were well known. Orders to an
unusual number of officers have been is
sued, as the following shows:
Acting Assistant Surgeon George H. Crab
tree, relieved from temporary duty with re
cruits and casuals at the Presidio, to sail on
the Sumner. and upon his arrival in Manila
to report to commanding general, Division oi
the Philippines, for assignment to duty. v
Acting Assistant Surgeons Michael E.
Hughes, Robert 8. Linn, Robert M. Blanchard.
Robert E. Sievers and Albert Moxer to sail on
the Sumner and report to commanding general
in the Philippines. •
Second Lieutenant Thomas F. Peck, having
returned from stele leave -will report to the
commandant at the Presidio for temporary duty
with recrultB awaiting at that post transporta
tion to the Philippines. „ , .
Major Charles K. Cabell of the Third Infan
try. United States Volunteers, whose sick leave
has expired, is to proceed to the Philippines on
the Sumner and report to the commanding gen
eral there for Instructions.
Second Lieutenant Joseph A. Baer of tne
Sixth Cavalry Is ordered to Nagasaki. Japan,
on the Sumner itnd will Join his regiment either
In China or the Philippines.
The follwlng officers now at the Presidio will
CO out on the Sumner and report to the com
manding general of the Philippine division:
Captain Henry A. Peed, Thlrty-eecond Infan
try, U. S. V.: First Lieutenant Frederick A.
Glgnoux, Eleventh Cavalry. U. 6. V.; First
Lieutenant Dennis P. Qulnlan, squadron Philip
pine Cavalry, U. S. V. ; Second Lieutenant
Charles S, Hatght, Fourth Cavalry, and Sec
ond Lteutenant Calvin C. Knowles, Thirteenth
Infantry. , _
Captain Russell T. Hazzard, Eleventh Cav
alry. U. S. V.. returned to duty from sick
leave, will got out on the Sumner and report to
the commanding general of the Philippines for
instructions.
Major Robert S. Smith, additional paymaster.
U. S.*V.. accompanied by his authorized clerk,
will sail on the Sumner and report to the com
manding general for assignment to duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles H. Latimer,
U. S. A., is ordered to take cassaee on the
Sumner. reporting to the commanding general
of the Philippine Division on his arrival for
duty.
Captain Eben B. Fenton, assistant commis
sary of subsistence, accompanied by his clerk,
will take passage on the Sumner and report to
the commanding general of the Philippine di
vision.
Captain James B. Goe, Thirteenth Infantry,
will report for temporary duty at the Presidio
with recruits awaiting transportation to the
Philippines.
Major William Stephenson, surgeon. U. S. A.,
will ro out on the Sumner to Taku, China, and
report In person to Brigadier General Adna R.
Chaftee. commanding the United States forces
at or near that place, for assignment to duty.
Brigadier General Thomas H. Barry. Cap
tain Thomas Franklin, assistant commissary
of subsistence; Second Lieutenants Lyttle,
Brown. William Kelly, and Lewis H. Rand of
the Engineer Corps, and Otto B. Grimm of the
United States Volunteer Signal Corps, will also
sail on the Sumner and report to the command
ing general of the Philippines.
The Sumner will also have as passen
gers Contract Nurses Christiana M.
Bauer, Jessie M. Brown,. May Cleland,
Anna A. Hanbury. Lena E. Killlam, Jo
seph Kahlen. Richard L. Creamer and
Charles J. Simpson, ordered to the Phil
ippines.
Boxer Movement in Flowery King
dom Is the Cause of Renewed
Activity in the War
I>epart_ient.
Transport Sumner to Carry
Officers to Philippines
and China,
RECEIVE ORDERS
TO JOIN FORCES
IN THE ORIENT
"THE GREAT RUBY" MAKES A
HIT AT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
The Frawleys' Production Is a SpectacularSuccess.
"The Liars" at the Columbia Is Very Enjoy
able—Plays at Other Theaters.
The singing section of the San Francisco
Turn Verein will give a theatrical repre
sentation and ball in Turner Hall on next
Sunday night. The members will appear
in the two-act opera, entitled "Die Afri
kanerin."
Turners in "Die Afrikanerin."
ing statuary. These living representations
give close imitations of some of the most
famous works of art at the French fair.
Basco and Rice made a big hit last night
and the rest of the bill is good.
F.-How feeling makes us wondrous kind.
There was a constant ripple of apprecia
tion and murmurs of ashamed sympathy
with the unlucky "Liars," who lie neither
wisely nor well. We have all been there.
at one or another lime, but it is granted
that we do not look pretty on the stage.
It is a comedy. 'The Liars." but verging
always on tragedy— reaching tragedy. In
deed, in its discovery of the rottenness of
the bafls upon which smart society Is
founded — expediency.
Henry Milter, as the tolerant, kind,
cynioal*. but true-hearted Sir Christopher
littering, gave a precise and finished por
trait of the gentleman. Mr. Miller has
nr.t quite recovered from the temporary
iiwiispoMti on which has affected his voice
of late, but it has slightly gained in tone
afrain. as or.«* was pleased to hear last
evening. E. J. Morgan, as Edward Falk
ner. gave an earnest, symmetrical and
thoroughly artistic rendering of the hero
who has fallen among "Liars." and who.
by reason of environments, passes by on
the other side when truth beckons.
Charles Walcot adds another to his ex
cellent gallery of old men portraits with
his Archibald Coke, who is one of those
uncomfortable persons who have never—
well, hardly ever— told a lie. He also,
however, is a victim of environment and
likewise falls by the wayside. Frank E.
Lamb gives an excellent picture of the
model waiter, who sees, hears, knows
nothing of what happens when he should
be blind, deaf and idiotic.
And the lady whose immediate folly
causes all the trouble. Lady Jessica Ne
pean. Really. Miss Anglin is almost too
clever in the part. She is in love with
Falkner in a tepid, unconvincing sort of
fashion and compromises herself by din
ing in Drivate with him at a hotel. At
lea^t she does not dine, but that is not her
fault. They nre discovered and the at
tempt of Lady Jessica and her friends,
who are all drawn into the scrape, to ex
plain matters to her husband forms the
plot of the play. Lady Rosamund Talton
U a thoroughly graceful part, as far as
It goes, for Miss Martinot. Margaret Dale
is a g-ood Dolly Cok«. The rest of tho
exceptionally large cast was acceptably
fllled. J. H. Ber.rimo does not seem quite
in tune with the Miller tone. His perform-
Society turned out last night in full
force to see "The L'ars" at the Columbia
Theater, so excellently done by Henry
Miller and his ppecial company. It was
truly a swell audience that greeted the
shockingly clever satire on the English
variety of poriety. for which Henry Ar
thur Jones is responsible. Society doubt
less wished to know how they do those
things in Kngland, and. according to Mr.
Jones, it peems they are an actual pla
giarism of conditions in San Franci?co,
< r any other town happy in the possession
of a four hundred.
Columbia.
rrS a melodrama one may legitimately
I demand originality not from the au-
I' thor, but only from the scene-painter.
"The Great Iluby." produced at the
• Jrond Opera House last night, answers
this demand. The authors. Messrs. Ra
l.igh and Hamilton, have simply tacked
togetfier a number of situations para
phrased from Sardou's "Pattes de
Moucbe," from the sleep walking scene ln
"Macbeth," from the quarrel scene ln
"The School for Scandal," from "Home,
Bweet Home" and from Jules Verne. But
the ecene palmer, Mr. Frank King, has
showed considerable originality and de
cided skill. The lounge at Oakland's
l'am Hotel. Regent's Park. Lord's crickfct
ground*, Hampstead Heath and the mili
tary tournament— five scenes out of the
thirteen Into which the play is divided—
are really beautiful and would do credit
to any theater ln the world. They are
decidedly better than attempts which I
have seen at similar Bcenes at Drury
Lane.
The company is far better than the play,
even the little parts being played by thor
oughly competent people, .such as Mr.
\V_Uaee Shaw and Mr. Amory— the latter
as much at home here as he was 111 at
ease in that unlucky attempt at Touch-
Btone last year. Among those playing
leading roles Miss Van Buren easily
comes first; the ease, animation and dis
tinctness cf her Lady Garnett carry your
interest in a part that in less competent
hands could not have failed to be insipid.
Mr. Lackaye gave a capital Interpretation
of Prince Kat-sim— the only part in the
play that approaches to a character
ttuiiy and Mr. iieynclds was a most con
vincing villain. Mr. Roberts as the de
tective was reprtbseuly effective, and Miss
Evans as the romantic Louisa made you
fee 1 that the detective was indeed a. happy
man to get her. Miss Rlccardo as the
Countess Charkoff had the best and most
diflicult acting part in the play. It can
not be said that she made the most of
her possibilities. Her elocution Is some
what monotonous and her expression of
contacting passions— love, hate, joy, sor
row, hope, ftar-lacks variety and con
trast. Her outburst of grief over the
dead body of Hassam contained too much
nature and too little art— a fatal defect
in such a situation, for it causes the feel
ing of pain to predominate that of pleas
ure in the breasts of the audience. If the
lady will watch the audience ln this scene,
some Fhe will hear laugh, while others
vill ga?p hysterically. That means that
something rings false in the acting.
The curtain ro*e promptly at b, the
waits were short and the play, though
Ions, was over by a little after 11. This
means pood management, for which Mr.
Frawley and his assistant, Mr. Philipps,
are entitled to our thanks.
Taken altogether. "The Great Ruby' is
a fairly good play of its claps, beautifully
mounted and capitall^acte^.
LOOSE GASCOCK CAUSES
PATRICK DAILEY'S DEATH
Father of Actor James Dailey As
phyxiated in His Boom on
Second Street.
Patrick Daily, who was asphyxiated by
gas in his room at the Webb House. 37
Second street, yesterday afternoon, was
the father of James Dailey, the actor,
whose wife Is May Nannery, the well
known San Francisco actress. These
facts became known upon an examina
tion being made of his effects.
Dailey, who was 60 years old, was grant
ed a divorce from his wife by Judge Budd
of Stockton ln September, 1S97, and has
been knocking about from one place to
another since. About a week ago he se
cured a room in the Webb House, and ac
cording to the statement of the landlady
was always jovial and temperate. The
body was found by Sarah Arundel, a ser
vant. It was evidently a- case of acci
dental death, as the gascock was very
loose.
Found in Box Car With Throat Cut.
When Thomas Rodgers opened the door
of box car Xo. 6C22S of the Southern Pa
cific Company, which was standing on the
track on King street, between Seventh
and Eighth yesterday, about 4 p. m. he
discovered the body of a man- about 40
years of age with the throat cut from
ear to ear. A razor was lying by his
side, showing that death had been self
inflicted. The car had not been opened
since Saturday. From the dried appear
ance of the blood tho man had been dead
for some time. There was nothing found
on his person by which to identify him.
The body is at the Morgue.
Louis Whltehead. alias Percy Williams,
an incorrigible youth, pleaded guilty be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday to two
charges of burglary and was sent to the
Preston School of Industry, at lone, Amn
dor County. On June 12 last he entered
the premises at 2218 Devlsadero street, and
two clays later looted a dwelling at 60S
Powell street.
James R. Shopperson, who was charged
with having made an attempt to murder
James E. Sweeney on April 2S last, plead
ed guilty to a charge of simple' assault
and was sentenced to serve one month in
the County Jail.
Two Persons Plead Guilty.
Harry E. Corbett, Henry Schwartz,
Zick Abrams and D. J. Crowley have
again sued Chief of Police Sullivan and
Captain of Detectives Seymour in an ef
fort to enjoin further action on the part of
the defendants with the object of closing
the poolrooms operated by plaintiffs. The
plaintiffs allege that on tne night of July
13 the defendants "camped" on their
premises and prevented the carrying on
of their business. A temporary restrain
ing order was Issued by Judge Bahrs and
was made returnable before Judge
Murasky.
Poolsellers Sue Again.
The Joint committee having in charge
the arrangements for Labor day has de
cided to hold the celebration ln Central
Park. The programme as outlined will
consist of games, races and other athletic
sports, and a literary and musical enter
tainment in the amphitheater. The cele
bration will occur on Monday, September
3. Prizes have been already donated to
the amount of 51000, with more to come
in before the list is closed.
Labor Day Celebration.
Olympia.
Folks unable to visit the Paris Exposi
tion should make a call at the Olympla
this week end see Professor Cohradi's liv-
The Chut#« has a rood bill. The Og
dens presented a laughable comedy, enti
tled "The Right Stocking." The Black
Bartons made their reappearance and
continued their former success. La Lista
appeared ln some wonderful dancing cre
ations. Hall subduing Wallace, the Hon.
and the best numbers from last week
make up the balance of the programme.
Chutes.
At Fischer's Concert House the. pro
gramme was wonderfully varied and thor
oughly satisfactory last night. The house
was packed, and Edward B. Adams, a
singing comedian, made a distinct hit.
Violet Johnson, a girl violinist, played
several selections and was accorded five
encores, and Miss Isabelle Underwood
was as well received as usual. Kovelty
was given the entertainment by a sketch,
ln which MI55 Lenore White appeared.
The moving picture machine showed sev
eral war pictures, including the battle of
Mafekinc
Fischer's Concert House.
The romantic play. "Ing-omar," was pre
sented at the Alcazar Theater last night
to a crowded house. With few exceptions
the cast wns the same as when It was
played by Miss Florence Roberts and her
company iast season. Parthenia is with
out «'(iubt one of Miss Roberts' best parts.
She plays it with delightful ingenuousness
and gentleness and one does not wonder
at her being able to tame even such a
barbarian as Ingomar, which character
was portrayed by White Whittlesey with
the same force and vigor that character
ized his previous performance. He was.
suffering from a cold which somewhat
marred his declamatory power. Clarence
Montaine was excellent as Polydor, the
rich miser, and Howard ScotV»was equally
good as the Tlmarch. George P. Webster
was Myron, Parthenla's father, and he
seemed to forget that the o!d armorer w;is
not a buffoon. Marie Howe and Lorena
AtTrood had congenial parts. Jeffrey
Williams should familiarize himself, with
his lines.
Alcazar.
Plenty of fun and good music make
this week's bill at the Orpheum a popular
one. The Cohens would probably have
been missed but for the reappearance of
the ever popular Lillian Burkhart ln
tights and a new piece. She is so clever
and handsome as Captain Suzanne that
one foreets all about the good things on
last week's bill. Stella Mayhew and Wil
liamson and Stone, in negro specialties,
are sure to become favorites. John Dona
hue and Miss Mattie Nichols, in song and
dance epecialties, give a good perform
ance.
Orpheum.
The comic opera. "Wang," with Us
pretty, catchy airs, was the attraction at
the Tivoli Opera-house last evening. The
reception by the audience showed that
"Wang" Is as popular as ever. In several
respects decided improvements have been
made. For Instance Miss Annie Myers
makes the best La Veuve Framousse
ever seen ln this city, giving life
and expression to a somewhat difficult
part. Little Miss Grace Orr, although but
seventeen years old. has her first leading
role as Mataya, Prince of Siam, which
she executed with great credit and for
which she received enthusiastic applaust.
MIse Grace Field is entitled to no small
share of praise, for without warning or
preparation she was assigned at the last
moment to the Important part of Gllette,
on account of the sudden illness of Miss
Georgie Cooper, who was billed for that
character. William Schuster. Tom Greene,
Miss Helen Merrill and Edwin Stevens
sang in their usual good form. Ferris
Hartman made no end of amusement in
his local hits in "Every Rose Has Its
Thorn." Wang will continue two weeks,
to be followed by the Tivoll's grand opera
season.
Tivoli.
California.
Norma "vThalley and Mathews and Bul
ger are the all stars ln "Gay Coney
Island" at the California this week, and
the second performance last night kept a
crowded house on the titter and the ha!
ha! The piece is plumb full of good songs,
Mi?s Whalley. in particular, scoring a
t uccess ln "Hiram," "It's the Man Behind
th«» Gun That Does thr> Work" and "My
Automobile Girl." Mary Marble, Maud
Courtney and Mathews. Bulger, Hart
and Rylcy furnish the remainder of the
vocal music and make a successful treat
of what would otherwise be a very silly
and ridiculous performance.
THE THUUXING BATTLE IN MIDAIR.
(Scene from "The Great Ruby.")
ance is hardly up to their standard. Next
week "His Excellency, the Governor."
Decrees of divorce were granted by
Judge • Hebbard yesterday to Anabel von
Casovlvlch from Theodore von Casovlvlch
for desertion. Edith Nay from Frank G
Nay for desertion, and Cordelia L. Savage
from Michael J. Savage for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Antolne Turon against Anna Turon for
Infidelity. Hermann H. Wessel against
Minnie wessel for desertion, and Margar
ita B. Officer against Robert L. Officer
for desertion, ;
In the Divorce Court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
8
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Marnesla Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartiett Springs. FIsMtic: hunt-
ing: home coking: good beds: S3 SO to SW week:
cottae»« fnr hcusekeeolng. MR3. H. HOPPIN.
R^rtlett Pr>rtn-». Cal.
VVALDRUHE.
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fin* spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNING. Santa Rosa. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The moat attractive place in Laic? County t->
fpt-nJ your vacation. Boating, bathtnc. bowl-
ln«. tennis. liv«ry. n«w walks. *tc. Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell. Lj»k» County. CaL
CALIFORNIA HOT
Springs: new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tlburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive »w!mm!nir tank: lift 50 and un per week-
round-trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Caliente. Cal Long-distance phone
THE GEYSERS, Ss~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishinjr
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WF.RTHEIMER. Manager.
The Place for Rest nncl Health,
Orchard Springs.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NK-
vada. near Colfajt. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from Pan Francisco: N a
week: open fill year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chlcaeo Park. Cal.
F*A7Y\OUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th« waters ar» noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
rta. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunt?n« and flsh.
insr. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
lecreatton. Rates. Ill to S14 per week. Tralos
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. P\, 9 a.
m. and S:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Oilro-r
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Erpprletor.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnefl's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomaoa
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh tn the
world: 4* miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R.
«nd 8. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. -F. If
you want your health this is the place to go.
PAR4IS0 HOT SPRINGS, c - rU A b -^ r °, f a ,.
Monterey County. Cal.— For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-data
accommodations: beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and elsctrta
batbs: swimming; tank SOxSO feet. Our masseurs
are all irraduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playirround. croquet, lawn tennis ant}
dance hall: lartre hotel and SO cottac:e«. afford-
ing special accommodations for families; ail
illuminated by ras. By train. Third an<i Town-
rend streets. San Francisco. 9 a. ra.: First to<i
Rmadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. daily for Sol*-
dad. then by stage over beautiful level road T
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. 13. at 8.
P. office. S13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflee. For illustrated Damphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
CI/ArrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
O IV /A VI VI O County; only 4»4 hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtue*:
best natural bath in State: crand mountain
ecenery. (rood trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mail and express: FIR.^T-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon *tasre«: round trip from
San Francisco only $5 80. T«ke Tiburon ferry
at 7:10 a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms. {2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years: patronage constantly Increasing.
. J. F. MULGRETV. Proprietor.
SISSON TAVERN.
TVhere Shasta" s summit, clad in snow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expar.«e.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre«
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
green s'.opes of Shasta, is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the great forests nf
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wtda
expanse of meadows, above It tSe perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— the irr»at
frame of the mountains. For the angler— the
talmon and the trout tn the headwaters of rhq
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
FOX'S DOOR. The tavern i» new and fr*«»i
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th»
railway brings one almost to the door. When*
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn now
rrand her Inspirations are. Rates. HO to 112
per week. $2 50 per day. <Juides and horses for
mountain climbln*. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor. Slsson. Cal.
OYRON
|^\ HOT SPRING
s Jap the only cure for
Rheumatism:
Address A. Bet'ens. Kgr.;-Byr33 Hot Springs, Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. City Agents.
Room 30. 3<5 Geary st.
SANTA GATALINA ISLAND,
3H Hours' UMe From Los Ansr?l^s. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTION'S IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod an<1 Reel Fishinjr Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE ani COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Oolf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
BANNING CO..
222 South Pprlne St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
There's a Good Doctor at
i HOT SPRINGS
That advines you fre* of charge Just hntr to
tak* the Hot Mud, Hot Sulphur an 1 Plunir-
Haths. One si.ie of bi« baths specially fur
ladies. Rates $10 to $21 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further information
. of FRANK TV. ELY. City AffTit.
Tel. Rerl 2338. 610 Mirkft at. S. F
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., l'a^o Kobles. C«L
H. Z. BY AN, Gen'l Pass. Agt
General Office. Mutual Ufa
building. Sansome aad California
sts., San Francisco.
H. & WHITING, Gtnsnl Ktatgtr.
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that manj of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION," a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be secured at from
$5.00 to $8.00 per week.
Ticket Office, 850 Market st.
(Chronicle building).
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY 1* HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY 58.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILX. EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING six nights ot the week. G ° LF -
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swlmmlnjr Tanjcs.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES
Ehady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting !n the County. J*"""" 1 *
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunge*.
COMPETENT MASSAGIBTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wo ?, <1 < 5J't f id
Curative Properties. Larte Cool Booms, lighted
by KWtriclty. _ ;,
Call Vn LEE D. CRAIG. 31« Montgomery st.
or address CRAIO & WARNER. Highland
Springs. Cal. ,
¦BBHHHHHaLHH-UHHB
- -, a
j you don't I
I need to be I
B Q
SJ ?
I That an investment |
g which secures you against g
| loss is better than one |
I which affords no security, g
d If you can participate in|
g an undertaking where the g
I possibilities of BIG RE- a
| TURNS ON YOUR IN- |
a VESTMENT are apparent g
g and at the same time have g
a held in trust for you g
| AMPLE SECURITIES to |
g reimburse you if such g
? possibilities do not bear n
_ fruit, don't you think it _
S is better than to let your n
§ money lie in savings n
I banks, which cannot offer I
§ you any greater security, _
I drawing a low interest S
? with no chance of making I
_ more/ _
S What will happen to Ij
¦ you if you buy Ophir Oil I
3 Stock is this: When oil I
I is struck, even in small °
S quantities, your money §
I .will be more than doubled. I
1 Should a large supply be I
? uncovered, a few hundreds I
§ would surely yie d thous- 1
g ands of dollars. |
| If oil should not be dis- 1
I covered you relinquish |
| your s ock and will re- 1
i| ceive back the entire °
| amount paid in, together |
| with interest only a trifle |
| less than the interest paid g
g by sav ngs banks. g
@ Of course, such an op- g
| portunity will not be g
| given any great Ien Ah of @
| Send for prospectus or |
g call at room 14,5th floor, g
g Mills Building. g
g J. P. MASSIE, «
a Agent for San Francisco and vicinity, ti
D fiJ
__B_D_--9-_-a_---BH_QEl
Cameras, -photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photopraphs. Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail il
on Application.
ATTORNEY ~~~
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer, MJ Cal.. Clunle Bg.
COAU COKB AND 113 Ji<OY
. -W- HiLJt/.l U CJ- Telephone Ma!n 1S61
Cri>T>F;P?-MiTM.
T W 5N P Plumbing. Steamboat and
U n • 3.M1 1 U. Hhip Work a specialty. i« and
I s Vasfclnrtrm *i. Telephone Main L641.
——————— ~~~
D. D. WAES.
Electrical Engineer, 3G East St.
FRHSH AN:> SA'.T M-ATS
IAS RftYF^ ft CO Kn! PPln* Butcher.. 1C4
JA3- DUICJ tt WV« Clay. Tel. Main i:S4.
GALV4MZIN1 ANO ME^A'.S.
Mf>. A- ncalfr in Metals & Galvanizing; JOHN
F1XN MCTAL WOKK8. tit Howard it.
HAR n-s DRESSING.
"PAliO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
f«rth. ZZc. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1163 Howard.
____________
I'nlnn LHhr>grai)h Co., 22S Sansome-at.. Artistic
l.tthi-'grarhpr? and Printer*. Government Ll-
<-«-r:Epe for Irr.prlntlnr of Revenue Stamps.
____
K\tra !inotyr*> and ftereotyr* metal. Pax:!flc
llf-tal Works. 137-8 First «.. San Trandsco.
o-_s. ~
I.tmRICATINO OILS. LTCONARP A EJ>
?.!S, 4i» FYmt «.. S. F. Phone Main 171».
PASTS.
TylirnSer _ Lurirlcatlnir Oils. B«-r>n»ld«.r> Minln*
Cacdlet. C. G. CLINCH _ CO., I Front. S. F.
T f r?f;ff^>v PRINTER.
— -— - — t— — — — — 1___5H_____________
|»RI\--I>t»5. BOOKDINDERS.
THE HJCKR-JUDD CO..
« F-i»-t «-. San Franciaeo.
MATIONEtt AND PKIVTP.V
rel^phle p ABTBIDfiE
M/T_ ASH STEAM COAL ?&*_*__£
MAMOXD COAL MIKIXO <X> >t !t« ORrrv
RIVlZli CCT.UCniEs. I. the _.« Coal 1_ , _£
market. Oi&ct and rard»_eo ____ itrl»V '
BANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. fi>i
nolle, from Santa Crui: delightful mmmer
f HI* ln jrS dwo^ d3: ™ nn *n«f water: abundanc«
lJ^ roTS^Wi" 1 i erma tS M week - Addreaa
w» CRANPELL. Santa Crua. Cat.
G J^r N f«J ) Kp RAXCH-Nice lurroundlngs;
\2£t?£* b I*X° Cm *i. S. 00 * tablt: convenl'ni
location. Addr»»a Kj QUIEN. Olen Ellen. CaJ.
C rFif P « ST and best ln Amertca-The Weekly
VnV;»H } £ f Mt sei ii t0 any «Mre«« in the
Jostag d e 252" ° r ° Oe y8ar r ° r a
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL z*r&S%X
Unetualed soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnUhed. For terms
snd particulars address O. HOWEU* Hopland
Mendoclno County. Cal.
INDHPENDENCE L~AK.B
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See 'The Traveler" for partic-
ular!.. Open June 1. Addresa MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS, Independence Lake CaL
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN-. Nag* Soda Springs P. O.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- 2K
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort aa well as being a
fully equipped .anitarlum. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Address
6T. HELENA SANITARIUM. 8t Helena, Cal.
ELMONTE HOTEL,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special r&tea to
families. Free bus meets every train: Si mllej
from San Francisco. Far* $1 45.
mAlinUUU nCOlUn.U This creat Vegetable
Vltalizer. the prescription of a
_ j-JM-ip famous French physician, will
\A^^-''mX Quickly curf you of nil ner-
f^Jftikei*?- , vous or 'UseasPF of thf Kenern-
/mgSS^vHgS tlve organs, such aa Lost Man-
v$S» *3 «a? hood. Insomnia, Fains In the
JSaTk vEw Back, Nervous Debility, Plm-
$?•* «ia«$ ' lIeil - Exhausting Drains, Varl-
Vi5v\. rSzBrJF cocele and ConstlDatlon. It
7 s * — '* etopn all losses by day or
. . night. Cupidene cleanses - the
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
¦mall weak orenns.
Trie reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
la because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tatltls. Cupidene the : only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 6000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect ¦ a permanent
cure. J1.00 a box, 6 boxes for $3.00. by mall.
Sehd for free circular, and testimonials.
Address Da vol Medicine Co^, 40 Ellis at., San
Francisco, Cal., Grant Drug Co.. 33 & 40 Third st.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lltrhta, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
YOSFMITF X AL LEY-Ten days of
? . , . P >asure - 1H "lays each
way to points of lnterest-7 days In valley.
<Si^i.ft including all meqls and lodKlnir
«>^"*> Round trii> from San Francisco »2
For further information call or address WM J
WHITE. Agent. 630 Market St.. S. F.; telephone
Main 61S2.
When we say "rupture cured" we mean it,
for it Is a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing el?
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work
Investigate for yourself. (CCall for "Book
let No. 1." or send 2 cents ln stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
O2O Market St.. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
?^^4^^,4a h^^^4fc^afe.,4fe^a^a^^6
vi8!~ OR JORDAN'S great^
iWISEUH OF AHATQmfl
A Q) 10S1 UA2XZ7 CS. Ut. 6_&?t!i. £.F.C_, A
\ C/ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A iJtj»- World. Weifcnenes or aiy contracted A
T jKgESj disease pesiUvely cured by the oldest J
R> tfJKSVJHl Specjalkt en the Coau. Est-3&y_t*
i «5^/A DR. JOROAM-PRIYATE DISEASES <
1 f W« li U Coa^ultation freo and strirtly prirate. \
A H iSVit S " ltmpnt Personally <vr by letter. A tt
\ H |7 \|B ft*.tnt C"ur«ine»ery case undertaken. \
A IF If ll£n w riu (or Book. Ptld.OSUPnV *l i
™ \i I — AnniACE. mailed Fans. : &.¥
A (J /|. valuable book for mrn) \
7 till. JMBDAKACO., 1051 Market St.. B. V. 9
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
• — i
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their aDpreciatlon of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtatned
in these hotels by making: them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
DR. HALL'S REIN ViGQRATOR^^
Five hundred reward for any WM^^jKj;
case we cannot cure. This secret v 1 ""* "**V'
remedy Etops all losses ln 24 J P
hours, cures • Emissions. Impo- **?ll E?5-
. tency. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. ¦£?.'< Jrrf
Oleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost Atu| iiii
Manhood and all wastlnc effects }S>1 fc4«
cf self-abuse or excesses. Sent CWUTSTxit
tealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Addresa HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
ETITTJTE. SS5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Alao
for Bale at 1073% Market St.. 8. F. All prlvat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
a'^geSi'SJ.^SffJZQu. g E! <* w in a non-pononot*
remedy for Gonorrhoea,
gleet. Sp«r m atorrh« J
iktfcw 'nl to6 4»7s. \<1 N hites, annatura! !!*.
tSfji'J Ocir»n»«»4 \d chnrgps. or anr inflr-"ma-
R*"H not to Mrlataf*. tion. .irritation or uwer«-
f*_jMPr«Tta« contagion. tion ot mo cons ment-
fVaflTHEEymCHEMICilOo. branca. Noo-aatrlncent
V^^CINWNHATI.0 .f&Si SoW by Orojrjfiat*,
'V^3V O. 7. a 7.£i ot 8 °nt In plain wrapper.
3§ife»ii#S goo: i or 3 "bo? t r «. 7 i j *
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
To a thoughtful mind the trust problem is
one of Berlous import. It must be firmly grap-
pled with, for it creeps upon 'society before
you are aware of Its existence. In this respect
much resembling the various disorders which
attack the stomach, such as constipation, indl-
pestlon, dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and kid-
ney, troubles. Hoatetter's Stomach Bitters is
the one reliable remedy for all such ailments.
Be sure to give it a trial.
The Trust Problem.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larktn Sta... San Francisco.
Strictly Firat-elass Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress
CARLSBAD KlgBRfi
Most beautiful spot In Lake County Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas
W R. McGOVERN. Kel!»?yvllj e Lake Co.
KI.AMATH MOT SPHiNCS-
Th« healthiest resort in the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State—
Fhovel Creek, 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of gac>* tn surrounding mountains—
rrouie. quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietor*. Beswlck. Sisklyou County. CaL
VICMV SF>f?fJVGS,
Three miles from Uklah. The only place In the
United States where vichy water Is abundant
The only natural electric waters; champagne
baths: extraordinary tonic properties J a
REDEMEYER & CO.. Vichy Springs. lilen-
docino County. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
By Tlburon Ferry. 7:30 a. m. : J3 50 round
Irlp. Rates. 110 to $14 a week.
J MARTENS. Prop.. Racheler P. O., Lake
Co. Send for booklet— tells all about every-
thing. City office. 416 Pine st.
An ocean voyage to
A the place of perfect
days. A home in the
country with city con- :
venlences. "
GAY
¦ Summer
Hotel del Coronado
Is getting to be as gay T"> .»%«.#»•¦». 4-
ln summer as In win- KfiSIJrL
ter. Write for apeclal *«.V/_>\/l. I*
summer rates. I
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. ;
Coronado Beach. Cal. ,
tnrrf*- M *¦»"'••'*¦ —Eroff^W— M_U___l_____
ADVERTISEMENTS.His Hand Badly Cut.
E. Plerson, 406 Minna street, who Is em
ployed in a planing mill at Fifth and Bry
ant streets, had his right hand caught in
a saw yesterday morning. It was badly
cut but the doctors at the Receiving
Hospital think they can save it.
St. Louis Train Bobbers.
One of th* men who committed the train
robbery near St. lx>uls last week has been
recognized as Channingr B. Barnes, who
eerved time at San Quentln for robbing
a Lank at Redlands ln January. 1S35. Cap
tain Seymour received from San Quen
tln one of his photographs and sent it
on yesterday to the Chief of Police at St
Louis. He was known as John Nelson
and made his escape from the officers in
St. Louis after being shot. The two other
robbers, one of them, Barnes' brother. {
have been arrested. t \
•Wanted to Kill His Wife.
Peter Harkins, a billposter, who threat
ened to kill his young wife because she
refused to support him, was convicted by
Judge Conlan yesterday and ordered into
custody till to-morrow, when his bonds
to keep tho peace will be fixed. Harkins
got his arm broken about a year ago and
his wife had to work to support the fam
ily. He has since his arm got better re
fused to work and compelled hia wife to
keep him in food, clothes and pocket
money.
Frank Derrick, ex-Soldier, Commits
Suicide by Swallowing Dose of
Carbolic Acid.
Frank Gerrick, an ex-soldler, commit
ted suicide yesterday morning by swal
lowing a dose of carbolic acid at his room,
S09 Grant avenue. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and died on the op
erating table.
Gerrick was 28 years of age. He had
been living with the divorced wife of Al
White, the saloon-keeper on Dupont
street, for some months and she had
threatened to leave him. She packed up
her clothes Sunday nl(?ht and went out.
As she did not return Gerrick bought a
bottle of carbolic acid and swallowed the
contents. Before he lost consciousness
he kept calling out that he wanted Mrs.
White to kiss him before he died.
About three months ago Gerrick and
Mrs. White went to White's saloon. A
row ensued and Gerrick fired a shot at
the bartender. He was arrested, but the
case was not prosecuted.
PREFERRED DEATH TO
UNREQUITED LOVE
Clifton Kellner and Edward Nightin
gale Are Arrested for Alleged
Criminal Assault.
Clifton Kellner, a watchman ln the em
ploy of Harry N. Morse, and Edward
Nightingale. 213 Union street, were booked
at the City Prison yesterday afternoon
by Detective* Ryan ar.d Reynolds on a
charge of criminal assault. The com
plaining witness Is Maud Clifton, a. young
woman living at 325*2 Bush street.
The woman alleges that early yesterday
rnornir.g the two men took her into Fleish
hackers store, f>20 Market street, locked
the door and criminally assaulted her.
threatening to kill her if she made an oun
cry. Both men strenuously deny the
charge, but the detectives pay they have
evidence to prove Their guilt.
SERIOUS CHARGES MADE
BY A YOUNG WOMAN
Ten Dollars fpr the Trip, Berth and
All.
Lake Tahoe excursion travel Is receiv
ing unusual impetus this season in the
way of reduced rates. In addition to the
regular season ticket of $16 50 the South
ern Pacific has just fixed upon a ten-day
rate from San Francisco, Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley of $13 30. which affords
the usual rail transportation to the lake,
steamer trip around the lake and certain
stop-over privileges at the resorts.
A Saturday-Monday excursion has also
been arranged for next Saturday on the
train leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m.,
the cost of ticket to be only $10. berth in
sleeper included. The return trip, how
ever must be on the train reaching thia
city abftut noon of the following Monday.
All day Sunday may be spent on and
around the lake.
Ivake Tahoe is regarded as a world at
traction, quite Independent of the circum*
stance of rates, but with the cost of
transportation cut down to such amaz
ingly low figures it would seem that
everybody might go and enjoy its grand
eurs.
EXCURSION TO
LAKE TAHOE
The two firms that were shut out ln the
matter of furnishing display flags, as al
' already announced in The Call, will file a
i protest with the decoration committee
' against Feigenbaum receiving, the con
! tract. This protest will be signed by the
California Notion and Toy Company and
Pasquale & Sons.
; The Pacific Coast Association of Native
Sons of the State of Vermont has an
nounced that It will make a fitting dis
play in the parade.
If Steve Bunner, president of the vol
unteer Veteran Kiremaji's Association.
! and the committee of that organization
i that called on Grand Marshal Costello
yesterday are successful there will be a
! great gathering of old-time firemen ln tho
1 parade The association named has sent
i out invitations. to volunteer fire organlza-
I tions ail over the State to Join ln the
| parade. The local veterans will make
: arrangements to suitably entertain all
i visitors who run with the machine.
¦ Reports from many parlors of the Na
i tive Sons ln response to Invitations are
i being received at the Palace Hotel head
i quarters.
Napa Parlor, which will Join Vallejo
, Parlor in the parade, will appear ln neat
! uniforms and have a band. In this city
¦ theee parlors will have headquarters
with St. Helena Parlor. They propose to
entertain liberally.
Solano Parlor announces that It will
make a good showing in an attractive
uniform. This parlor will have head-
I quarters at the Grand. : i : :
Woodland Parlor expects to have from
100 to 125 uniformed men In the parade
and will have its own band.
H. W. McComas of Palo Alto Parlor. J.
M. Shllne of Observatory Parlor and Ho
mer Prlndle of San Jose Parlor have been
named as aids to the grand marshal.
These three parlors, all located ln San
Jose, have adopted a uniform consisting
of a light blue coat and pantaloons, white ;
hat and white overshoes. This contin
gent, numbering about 150, will be pre
ceded by Its own band.
Brooklyn Parlor of East Oakland ex
pects to turn out sixty uniformed men.
Argonaut Parlor Is considering a unique
uniform and announces that It will be on
band with the rest of the Native Sons.
Vlsalla Parlor has adopted a distinctive
uniform for the sixty members who will
parade. Vlsalia Parlor of the Native
f>aus-hters will Join with the parlor ln the
procession.
Stockton Parlor has notified the grand
Parlors in the Interior Tell
What They Will Do
lor the Parade.
NATIVE SONS
RESPOND TO THE
INVITATIONS
Mrs. Angella Unus, an aged Mexican
woman, residing at 1325 Dupont street,
sought to drown herself in the waters ot
the bay on Sunday night. She was pre
vented from doing so by Policemen J. H.
Pearl and James Ward of the California
street police station, who caught her as
she was about to Jump from Melggs
wharf.
The story of the causes which led up to
the woman's attempt to destroy her own
life Is pathetic arid Involves a long tale of
family troubles, ending with the serious
illness of an only daughter.
Within the last few years all the mem
bers of Mrs. Unus 1 family have died with
the exception of one child. This child is
a daughter now 13 years of age, who waa
her mother s sole companion and comfort
Two months ago the girl was taken sick.
Physicians were called? but her ailment
baffled medical skill and she rapidly be
came worse, until she was finally removed
to the Children's Hospital, where she now
lies hovering between life and death.
The condition of her daughter caused
Mrs. Unus much worry, and of late she
has been acting strangely. Sunday night
she left her home, dressed in black, and
started for North Beach. When she
reached Meigga wharf she seated herself
near the edge cf the pier and gazed into
th* waters for some time. She remained
in the same position for nearly two hours,
weeping most of the time. Her peculiar
actions excited the curiosity of a number
of people, but no one attempted to ascer
tain the cause of her trouble.
•Policemen Pearl and Ward suspected the
woman meant to do harm to herself and
they watcHfed her closely. Finally Mrs.
TJnus arose, pulled off her shoes and
throwing her hat and cape away prepared
to leap from the wharf. Just as she. was
about to Jump the policemen caught her.
For a time she fought desperately, still in
tent upon taking her life. She waa at
length subdued and taken to her home
where friends are caring for her.
Policemen's Prompt Action
Saves an Aged Woman
From Death.
TRIES TO END
HER LIFE IN A
WATERY GRAVE
marshal that It has already procured 200
uniforms for that number of Its 355 mem
bers. This parlor will arrange special
features in addition to a float.
The drHl corps of Alcalde Parlor of this
city has given notice that it will appear
in Its natty new uniforms of dark mate
rial with white trimmings. '
Grand Orator McNoble will be ln tho
city during celebration week and will de
liver an oration.
Captain N. T. James, commanding the
Naval Militia, N. G. C, stated yesterday
that at l^ast 200 men of that organization
would take part in the parade. The divi
sions at this port will be increased by
men from the divisions at San Diego,
Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz and Eureka.
During their stay here they will be quar
tered on the Marion. In addition to the
batteries the militia men will have a fine
marine float. ..
The finance committee, with President
Newhall, will to-day visit the local banks
to solicit contributions for the celebra
tion. During the week the numerous
subcommittees of the finance committee
will Ptart out on a collecting tour. .
The unused $22,000 contributed to the 80
called plague fund, which it waj? thought
might be turned over to the celebration
fund, will not be obtained, It having been
decided to return It pro rata to each con
tributor.
They Pleaded Guilty Before Judge
Mog^n and Were Severely Rep
rimanded by Him.
Numerous complaints have been mads
by subscribers to The Call who live in
the Mission district of boys stealing their
papers. Sunday morning Policeman C. W.
Drown, who lives at S4S0 Eighteenth street,
was on the lookout for &»s paper, as it
had been taken from his "doorstep three
timee last week. Five boys came along
in a wagon an<i two of them Jumped off
£.nd took his paper. He gave chase and.
Jumping on a passing wagon, captured the
boys at Twenty-sixth and Harrison
streets. Camillo Torrence and Otto Gercke
were the boys who stole the paper and
they were booked on a charge of petty
larceny. The other boys in the wagon
were Thomas McCormlck, Eddie McCar-
Thy and Henry Luhrs.
The beys appeared before Judge Mogan
vesterday. They "leaded guilty. They
had beer and wine In the wagon and paid
they took the papers to pay for the hire
nf the horse. They had other papers in
the wagon ¦which they had stolen. They
were severely reprimanded by the Judge
and the cases w«?r» dismissed.
BOYS ARRESTED FOR
STEALING NEWSPAPERS
His Application for Reinstatement as
Lieutenant to Come Up at
To-Night's Meeting.
At the meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners this evening the applica
tion of Sergeant Price to be -reinstated ln
blfl Con&er rank of lieutenant will be
beard. It is thought probable that the
application will be granted.
Price is one of the most capable officers
on the force and no man had a greater
I) v. . r to keep in subjection the high
binder element in Chinatown than he. His
work was keenly appreciated by his su
periors ar.'J he had a bright future be
: ¦• him. wh^n. without a trial or hear
i:.s. h<- was disrated and in disgust sought
retirement on a pension. Now that he
l:as b<rt-:i ordered back to duty he consld
? rs It Just that he should receive the rank
ot lieutenant.
A large number of leading citizens
knowing his worth as a police officer have
backed up his application and his ene
j:;:<s, if he has any. should show their
Land at to-night's meeting, as Price says
lie is prepared to meet them. The mat
ter is one of importance to the whole
department, as it will show whether an
r,f!iccr against whom no charges were
made can be disrated without having an
opportunity of defending himself.
SERGEANT PRICE ASKS
FOR A VINDICATION
ln 1872, and was owned principally by J.
Pedersen of San Francisco. She waa of
130S tons gross register."
Pfiuger Meets Disaster.
The bark J. C. Pfluger left here on the
11th inst. with 11,875 barrels- of flour
aboard. Soon after getting off shore she
ran into a northwester, and before a sail
could be taken off the vessel the damage
was done. In the twinkling of an eye the
main and mizzen masts went by the board,
and a portion of the foremast alone was
left standing. Thus crippled the bark
made her way inshore and was finally
picked up by the steam schooner Green
wood and towed into Santa Barbara. It
will be an utter impossibility to make the
necessary repairs at Santa Barbara, so
the chances are that the vessel will be
towed back here for an overhauling. The
Santa Barbara account of the disaster Is
as follows:
A Most Peculiar Accident.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 16.—
About 6 o'clock this morning the German
bark J. C. Pfluger was towed into thia
port by a steam schooner ln a disabled
condition, having lost both her mlzzen
and main masts. A telegram was sent to
San Francisco ordering a tug to have her
taken back to that place for repairs. The
Pfluger cleared from San Francisco for
Queenstown, Ireland, with flour. She had
just passed the Farallones when a most
peculiar accident happened. About 5
o'clock ln the morning, with only a fair
breeze blowing, the crew was surprised
to see the main mast suddenly torn from
the vessel and the mizzen mast snapped
off. The wind which caused the damage
was scarcely felt on the deck, and the
supposition is that it came ln the shape
of a whirlwind and did not reach the
deck of the ship.
With the use of the fore sail only and
with the wind in a southerly direction
the bark was sailed in toward the coast
and early this morning was picked up
near Goleta by a steam schooner and tow
ed into this port. It will probably be a
day or two before the tug arrives to tow
her back north. Aside from the loss of
the masts and rigging the vessel la per
fectly sound.
found the shlpwricked sailors ln a nof
very cheerful mcod. When darkness came
on the second night their hearts were
made glad by n light which showed up
ahead. It was thought to be some ship,
and the men rowed like mad ln the hope
of rescue. It proved to be the lighthouse
of Lysan Island, whose existence probably
saved the survivors from a fearful fate.
"At Lysan Island there was nothing to
do hut wait for a ship to arrive. The Mc-
Nrar was to have taken a cargo of fer
tilfzer for Honolulu, and her men did not
expect to stay there lone. The addition
of thirty-three men to flhe population of
the island, without the stores which the
McNear failed to land, made § shortage ot
provisions, and all were compelled to go
on short rations, as far as imported foods
were concerned. There was any amount of
eggs and good fish at Lysan. however.
Brought Crew to Honolulu.
"The bark Ceylon, in command of Cap
tain Wilier, arrived at Lysan on June 10,
after the crew of the McNear had spent
nearly a month there. Captain Wilier
agreed to carry the men back to Hono
lulu. He left on June 24 with forty men
on board. Including his own. arriving early
this morning (July 7). The shipwrecked
crew went to the office of the shipping
commissioner to report, and most of them
put up at the Sailors' Home. They lost
practically everything they had. but feel
that they did well to save their lives.
"The days and night in the open boats.'
said one" of them, 'were enough to make
any man feel bad. We had only a little
food and water, and nineteen Japs to look
after, and if we had missed the island
there would have been terrible times. The
Japs all behaved well and everything went
smooth. There were thirty-three thankful
men in those boats when we saw that
"The men who shipped from Honolulu
on the McNear and are now back are: H.
Golden P. Grant. W. Caen. W. McLean,
J. Burke. K. Pinching. W. Mltchley, E.
Granite. C. Rofe and J. Richardsen.
"W. Caen is one of the men who took
part In the rescue of William Adamson
of the Glenesslln, off the coast of Hawaii,
a short time ago. He seems to be having
his thare of adventure on this trip to Pa
cific waters.
"The McNear was built ln Belfast, Me.,
WRECKED BARK BEING TOWED INTO SANTA BARBARA.
and luxury. Some couia not wait, ana
some in consequence found out to their
discomfiture that the settlement of a hem
isphere demands large plans well thought
out and put into practice by many minds
and many hands ln concert. In 1606 some
persons on whom Raleigh's magnificent
schemes had made a profound Impression
organized a double-headed company for
settling the hither fringe of the new
world. The London branch of the com
pany, including Hakluyt. Somers and
Gates, took for their name the London
Company, while the members hailing from
Plymouth and other southwestern parts of
England called themselves the Plymouth
Company. King James, his mental vision
blurred by dreams of gold, gave them his
bles3ing, and along with It a patent to the
greater share of all the land that now lies
between Maine and Florida, and was then,
thanks to Raleigh, known by the name of
Virginia. The London Company had the
zone which lies between Cape Fear and
the Potomac, extending 100 miles Inland,
presumably to the Pacific; the Plymouth
Company the zone between Long Island
and Nova Scotia, back 100 miles toward
the Pacific. The condition that neither
company was to make a settlement within
100 miles of any colony established by the
other company actually gave the inter
vening region ln advance to the more an
ticipatory and energetic of the companies.
At once, in 1607. the very year that Hud
son sought a northwest passage, both
companies hurried off their colonists, the
one to success far south on the James
River, the other to disastrous failure on
the Kennebec. It was New Year's day of
1607 that the first makers of America after
some delay set sail from the Downs.
They were a merry, motley company of
105 souls, catalogued by a member ofMhe
party as "poor gentlemen, tradesmen,
serving men and libertines." The ludg
ment of John Smith, the worthiest of them
all. is the Judgment of history: "A hun
dred good workmen were better than a
thousand such gallants."
Bartholomew Gosnold, the second ln
command, was possibly the best known
spirit in the company. He had already
made a reputation for himself to which
he never added by this voyage to an un
known grave ln Jamestown. A while be
fore he had been the talk of London. He
had shared in Raleigh's unsuccessful ven
ture. In l<!02 he had sailed — contrary to
all precedent and prejudice— directly
across the Atlantic, entered Massachu
setts Bay, named Cape Cod, discovered
No Man's Land and called it Martha's
Vineyard and planted a colony at Cutty
hunk. now in the township of Gosnold.
Massachusetts. To be sure, the settlers
would not be left behind when Gosnold
was about to return to England, and he
had In consequence nothing to show for
all hia trouble. But he was not to be dls
maved by disappointment. More eager
than ever to plant a colony ln Virginia,
he talked the matter out ln London: oth
ers caught the contagion of his optimism,
and It was his enthusiasm that filled the
sails of the Susan Constant, the Godspeed
and the Discovery and sent them sailing
merrily away on New Tear's day of 1607
to settle Jamestown In the early summer.
The commander of the fleet. Christopher
Newport, was a competent and conspicu
ous officer of the English navy. Fourteen
years before he had won renown in a raid
on the Spanish main. He was the very
man that brought ln the great Spanish
carrack for Raleigh. No wonder the Lon
don company expected of him such magic
feats as are achieved only ln the enchant
ed pages of the "Arabian Nights." No
wonder the unpractical fireside planners
of a hemisphere gave Newport nueh silly
instructions as called out from tho
doughty Smith the Judgment that the
London company was made up of fools.
Newport had to find either the way to
the South Sea or a lump of gold or one of
"White's lost colonists or else he would
better never show his face again in Eng
land. It was a hopeless task, but he set
nbout it like a man and won the confi
dence of the best man In the party.
Barely a week had passed after the se
lection, contrary to Gosnold'a Judgment,
of the malarial spot on which at once
they built the little settlement of James
town, before Newport. May 21, with twen
ty-three companions, started up the river
his name ln swirt succession to oblivion.
But, thank3 to John Flske and the newer
writers who count It no crime to be In
teresting, the reaction has begun. We
know* for certain that som« of the sto
ries of John Smith are true. He had his
faults. He was Inordinately vain, as
Charming says. He had the Elizabethan
facility, too often fatal to veracity, of
unrestrained expression and bore perhaps
more than his full share of Elizabethan
exuberance of Imagination. But he was
not. as Deane and Adams think, an ar
iant liar. He was boastful and arrogant,
but so, too. for that matter were Joseph
of Hebrew fame. Napoleon Bonaparte and
many another strong and stalwart man
of history- fffcey do his memory an irre
trievable hurt who-pronounce him a Fal
staff or a Joe Sedley fleeing from Brus
sels at the first booming: of Napoleon's
cannon and then In later years daring: to
name himself ""Waterloo Sedley." Allow
as largely as you like for any swashbuck
ling tendency discernible ln his character
and you will still have left a hardy,
shifty, daring, ready witted. clear-headed,
wholly practical pioneer, the flrst of &
long line of. pioneers who have forced our
frontier line by successive stages west
ward until, according to a late report of
the Indian Commissioner, it has disap
peared into the vast Pacific.
Smith did more things of moment than
save the colony which would else havo
perished In the two years wherein he was
the actual as well as the nominal leader.
He sailed up many of the streams flow-
In? Into the Chesapeake Bay, and made a
map, still preserved ln London, and on
which there are no lies. A serious injury
by the accidental explosion of gunpowder
took him back to England toward th«
close of 1609. and Virginia never saw him
more. He spent the rest of his days In
exploring the North American coast to
which he gave the name New England,
and of which he made a map, and In pro
moting American colonization by his writ
ings and his word3. Most worthily the
title of admiral of New England was be
stowed upon him ln 1616. and when he
died, ln 1631, a place was found for him In
the choir of St. Sepulchre's Church. A
witty and not wholly unjust Judgment
was offered of him In his lifetime by
quaint and pious Thomas Fuller ln tho
words:
"Such his perils, preservations, dangers,
deliverances, they seem to most men, be
yond belief, to some beyond truth. Tet
we have two witnesses to attest them, the
prose and the pictures, both In his own
book: and It soundeth much to the dimi
nution of his deeds that he alone Is the
herald to publish and proclaim them.
• • • However, moderate men must al
low Captain Smith to have been very In
strumental In settling the plantation In
Virginia whereof he was Governor, as also
admiraU of New
Philadelphia.
KNOCKED SENSELESS
BY A RUNAWAY TEAM
Harry Smith, a Boy Bicyclist, Be
ceives Injuries That May
' v ;., Prove Fatal.
Harry Smith, a boy about 18 years of
age, living at 236 Fourth street, was prob
ably fatally Injured by a runaway team
attached to an empty coal wagon at
Devlsadero and Fulton streets yesterday
afternoon. The boy was riding a bicycle
behind a wagon to save himself as much
as possible from the strong wind. The
driver of the wagon saw the runaway
team approaching him and drew to tho
side of the roadway. The boy was right
in front of the frightened horses and was
knocked senseless.
A gentleman who was passing in *
buggy picked up the unconscious boy and
drove with him to the Receiving Hospital.
The youth's face and eyes were badly
contused, as 'were also his left lee and
hip. He had sustained other Injuries be
sides. It was thought that his skull was
fractured, as there was an ugly wound
behind his left ear. H« was also suffering
from Internal Injuries.
NOR'WESTERS and a "southerly
set" have been responsible for the
wreck of two barks during the last
month. One of them was a Ger
man vessel bound from San Francisco tc»
Ireland and the other was a San Fran
cisco owned vessel in the Hawaiian trade.
The latter vessel is probably a total losr-,
while the wheat-laden stranger ha's
reached Santa Barbara in distress.
The first is the German bark J. C.
Pfluger, bound from San Francisco to
Queenstown. with a load of wheat, while
the other is the San Francisco owned
bark McNear, bound from Honolulu to
Lysan Island for a load of guano.
The bark McNear was one of the best
known vessels that tradwd out of this
port. She was a sister ship to the Alex
ander McNeil and came here from the At
lantic many years ago. Some time last
year she went from San Francisco ;o
Honolulu and ever since has been wnning
between the Hawaiian group and Lysan,
carrving provisions to the latter place
and 'guano back to the plantations. As
a good servicable bark she had many ad
mirers. An account of the wreck from
Hawaii by the mail steamer Coptic says:
Strikes on a Bock.
"The bark Ceylon, Captain Wilier, ar
rived this morning from Lysan Island,
bringing news of the wreck and total loss
of the American bark McNear on Dow
sett Reef, near Lysan Island, last May.
The Ceylon brought Captain Johnson of
the McNear and the shipwrecked crew to
Honolulu, with three boats that were
saved from the lost vessel. The McNear
went on the reef at night time, striking
fo hard that there was never any hope
cf saving her after the first shock. The
survivors spent two days and a night Ln
the boats, before reaching Lysan. Tht
heavy currents that prevail in the vicinity
of the island were responsible for the dis
aster. By this time the McNear ha 1 *
probably gone to pieces.
"The wreck occurred at midnight on
May 14, after the McNear had made a
grood run from .Honolulu to Lysan with
ballast and a few stores for the residents
of the island. Dowsett Reef is about
sixty miles from Lysan. Captain Johnson
was just changing his course when the
vessel struck. She began to fill at once
and all hands set about preparations to
take to the boats. Pumps were kept go
ing while the boats were got ready. There
were fourteen in the crew and nineteen
Japanese laborers who were taken from
Honolulu, with a luna. to work on Ly
san, making thirty-three men to be car
ried in three small boats.
"It was 9 o'clock on the morning of the
15th before the boats were ready and Cap
tain Johnson gave the order to abandon
the vessel. The captain took one of tho
lifeboats with three white men and eignt
Japanese, and H. Golden, the mate, took
charge of another lifeboat, carrying also
four white men and eight Japanese, in
the dingy- were three whites and a Japan
ese. There was no land in sight and a
strong trade wind was blowing when the
men bepan to pull away from the lost
vessel It was a dismal prospect, for the
land sixty miles away from where they
started rises so little out of the water
tha* it can only be seen from near by.
Followed by Sharks.
"All day on the 15th the men rowed, fol
lowed by scores of sharks, which did not
add anything :o the pleasure of the expe
rience. ' When night came they kept up
their course, and another dawn revealed
no land in sight. The men say they were
beginning to fear that they had misseJ
the island and were lost in the open sea.
The small boats would not hold provision
for thirty-three men for more than a few
days, and the nightfall of the second night
McNear Runs on
a Rock Near
Lysan Island
and Is Lost.
J. C. Pfluger Is
Dismasted in a
Hurricane Off
the Coast.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic arrived from the Orient
early yesterday morning. The cabin pas
sengers who came from Hongkong and
China on her were:
Commander Seth Ackley, U. S. X.. S. Black.
Lieutenant Commander C. J. Roush. U. S. N.,
Miss A. Boone, R. L. Elliott, H. Gill, Mrs.
George Dodsey, N; Hanbury, Mr. and Mrs. \V.
A. Hoppen. Mrs. H. S. Jeffreys and maid. Miss
D. Jeffreys, Master I^ouis Jeffreys. H. Kap
ferer. Rev. Father Lehuday. 11. Meyer. A.
Mathez. R. C. Parr, Mrs- N. B. Reid. P.
Kevellhae, Lieutenant CcmmanJer C. S. Rich
man, V. S. N.. v Mrs. Wong Shee. Mrs. L.
Mrs. Woodbrldge and Infant, Miss
L. Woodbridge. Master C. Woodbridge. Master
John Woodbridge. Dr. R. Zeyss", Mr. and Mrs.
P. T. Evans, Lieutenant Fritz Beyersdorf, Mrs.
J. O. P. Bland. Rev. and Mrs. Robert Colt
man, A. O. KlHott, Mrs. J. S. Pearon. Mr. and
Mrs. R. S. Gunn. Mrs. F. Hellyer. W. L. Ire
land, Miss C. Jeffrey, W. Klein, Lieutenant
Commander w. Kilburn, U. S. N., M. I^evy,
Lieutenant Commander D. H. Mahan. U. ' S.
N. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Morrison Rev. and
Mrs L. B. Quick, F. Ringer. A. RehlinK,
Mrs. Wong See, P. WaRstaff, Rev. S. Wood
bridge. Master S. Woodbridge, Miss Grace
Woodbridge, Maater G. Woodbridge, Tong Yin
and A. L. Young.
The passengers were landed early in the
morning, but the vessel was held In quar
antine and will not dock until to-day.
Nome Steamer Arrives.
Lieutenant Hobson took passage on the
steamer at Hongkong for San Francisco,
but stopped oft! at Yokohama for medical
treatment. He is afflicted with Oriental
ophthalmia, and will go from Yokohama
to Tokio to consult a Japanese specialist.
The Charles D. Lane arrived last night
from the northern gold fields after a good
run of eleven days. She only brought six
passengers, and two of these went north
on the vessel, while a third say3 he was
shanghaied from Nome. The Lane left
the frozen north two days after the San
Jose, so she brings little news that has
not already been published In The Call.
The smallpox epidemic at Nome is spread
ing, while typhoid has been checked, but
promises to break out with great viru
lence in a month or so.
Among those who came back on the
steamer were H. M. Speyer and wife of
2412 Washington street. Mr. Speyer went
north on the Mary D. Hume and assisted
In wrecking the Laurada at the Seal Isl
ands. His wife went north on the Noyo,
but left the camp as soon as the Lane
arrived and took up her abode on that
vessel.
Speyer arrived at Nome the latter part
of May and secured a number of valuable
claims. Later, in behalf of a syndicate,
he purchased the llterage business of the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company for 120.
000. While entertaining some friends
ashore Mr. Speyer was Induced to go
aboard the Lajie and the next morning
he was at sea, bound for San Francisco.
He will remain in this city until the
steamer sails again. On this occasion
Mrs Spever will remain at home.
Mrs. Frame and her daughter were two
more passengers who came home on the
Charles D. Lane. They came from New
York on the steamer, and expected to be
come millionaires at Nome. They landed
all their effects on the beach and then,
becoming disgusted with the outlook, left
evervthing behind them and fled back to
San Francisco in the clothes in which they
stood. They say Nome is overcrowded
and unproductive; that no gold is being
taken out, and that death on a white horse
stalks through the camp. The men who
were working the beach sand did not
make expenses, while those who were
dredging the gold up from below high
water mark were making money.
"Nome, York and Golovln Bay, for this
season in any event, are dead failures,
says Mrs. Frame.
News From the Transports.
The Sumner did not get away at noon
yesterday, as the troops had not arrived.
The Californian was to have gone out.
but a trial will be had of her machinery
first. She will leave the wharf at 7
o'clock this morning, and after her com
passes have been adjusted and her ma
chinery thoroughly tested she will go to
sea.
Water-Front Notes.
Work on the Mead Is being rushed, and
the Hancock will be docked at once. The
chances are that both vessels will leave
for the Orient on August 1, while the
Warren will go out under rush orders
probably a week later. The big whale-
Back Universe has been chartered, and
she will be put in commission as soon as
her cargo of coal is out. She will carry
provisions to Hongkong.
The Kosmqp liner Abydos arrived from
Hamburg, via South and Central Ameri
can ports. She brought a large cargo, but
discharged most of it at San Diego on the
way north.
The Belgian King of the Santa Fe line
arrived from the Orient, stopping at San
Diego on the way. She has been char
tered by the Government, and will load
freight for Manila or China,
The schooner Reliance anchored on the
cable yesterday and lost both anchor and
chain in an attempt to get clear.
Nome Goldfields a Failure— Charles
D. Lane Arrives From the
Frozen North With More
Tales of Woe.
Mail Steamer Coptic Arrives
From the Orient—Hob
son Sick.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
"The troubles in China will hold up our
trade in flour and other commodities with
thai country. Eventually when the flght
lr.£ is over and China has a stable and
progressive government there will be a
large amount of business of which this
coast will get a large Fhare."
This isjthe substance of an Interview
had yesterday with William Whiley. rep
resentative and manager of the business
vi the Sperry Flour Company at Hong
kong. Mr. Whiley arrived recently from
Hongkong, having left there before the
troubles in China had become acute. Nev
trihclets, he says. It has been foreseen by
the ir.erchar.t class at Hongkong lor some
time that political troubles were sure to
come. The present situation Mr. Whiley
regards &b very serious.
••When 1 left Hongkong, 1 ' said Mr. Whi
ley. •"business was dead there and at
Shanghai. At least 2.uw,wO sacks of flour
were at Hongkong thai could not be de
livered In the interior. A great quantity
of flour has gone forward since and that
is also held up. M ¦.-. of thjs is from
Oregon. It will be a great loss. The Chi
nese, who purchased it to sell again, will
be the losers.
"But. of course, while the troubles last,
the Paoinc Coast trade in flour with all
l>arts ot China affected must come to a
eiop. The- entire flour trade with China
is carried on wiih the I'acitic Coast States
and there will be loss to this coast by the
Euspension. Outside of flour the principal
imports of China from the United States
are cotton, oil and machinery. The loss
will be distributed all over the country.
The flour now in China that cannot be
Fold in the interior is north about Jl.^JO,-
M. The supplies for the allies that may
be sent out «rtH not compensate us for the
loss of Chinese trade. 1 he- foreign troops
will probably bring supplies from their
own countries and they are few compared
to the great number of Chinese who have
been purchasing our products.
••Japan will also be a large loser in the
flour trade. The supply for Northern
China goes in via Japan. The Chinese will
i.ot suffer for food. They will live on fish
and rice as they did before they had
:lour."
War Has Brought to a Stop
Business That Was
Growing Fast.
William Whiley, Manager for Large !
California House, Tells of Hold
up That Will Mount Into
FLOUR TRADE OF
COAST IN CHINA
HAS BEEN LOST
TWO BARKS ARE VICTIMS OF
VERY DISASTROUS ACCIDENTS
DISCOVERERS MIMD F» XPLOR ERS OF* NORTH
AMERICA.
v.
The earlier explorers had had their day.
The Cabots long ago had returned home
from the pre-Columbian excursion to the
continent of North America. The pious
Hawkins had won for a coat of arms the
impious picturt of a captive negro bound
fast with a cord. Drage had "singed the
King of Spain's beard" and carried the
Queen's flag to the far Pacific. Frobisher.
feeling for a northwestern passage, had
all but touched the Arctic circle. Gilbert
had mortgaged his estate and lost his life
to get to China. Hakluyt, beforehand
with his maps and colonizing fervor, was
playing with conspicuous success the role
of - herald to every would-be voyager.
Raleigh's little colony on Roanoke had
perished of neglect, and Its brilliant found
er, historian and publicist, as well as col
onizer, was languishing, not idly, in the
Tower on a false charge of treason.
Old things were passing— not so swiftly,
to be sure, as books make out, but pass
ing. The new times were coming on apace.
James I, pedantic, self-conscious, was no
fighter. The wars Elizabeth had waged
with Spain and in the Netherlands were at
an end. Soldiers, good, bad and indiffer
ent, were hurrying back to England, rest
less, discontented and adventurous. The
soldier of fortune was still the beau ideal
of common folk, but he was not so Inter
esting as the earlier type pictured in the
dramatic and admittedly veracious pages
of KIngsley's "Westward Ho."
The craze for gold ran like wildfire
through the land. Men were eager to be
off betimes to the new world, which
seemed to hold out dazzling hopes of ease
in a shallop on his search for grotd or
Eleanor Dare and her friends or tho
South Sea passage. They went as far as
the prtsent site of Richmond, made
friends with the Indians and returned
within a week to find that the settlement
had been Attacked by '3)0 savages. New
port completed the palisade about the
fort, pave the colonists some good advlce
by which th<?y profited little and June 22
?ai!ed for^r.sland with a carsro of chip
boards. th~ first fruits of the settlement
of Virginia. The following spring New
port came back with some suppl'es.
brought ord?r out of the chaos that he
fount! awaiting him. made an exploring
expedition with Smith as a companion,
loaded his vessel with bright yellow earth
in the vain hope that there was gold In
it. sailed away to I/indon, there to find to
his chagrin that all that glitters is not
gold, and reappears no more In history.
With the first departure of their leader
from the scene, disputes broke out In
Jamestown. Gosnold. ¦who alone had in
fluence after Newport left. died. Cover
nor Wingfteld knew nothing of the gentle
art of getting on with subordinates and
lost his place In consequence. Ratclfffe.
who succeed€-d him. was a brawler and a
scamp and did worse than nothing for the
settlement. Peril and adversity, as usual,
brought to the front the strongest char
acter In the colony. John Smith gradu
ally took hia proper place as head of the
settlement. He was a born leader and
was besides well seasoned. A belated Ra
leiRh. he projected into the seventeenth
century something of the romance and
the daring of the Elizabethan days. Time
was. just after Bancroft died, when Henry
Adams. Charles Deane. Justin Wlnsnr
and others seamed about to emasculate
the story of Captain John Smith of Its
dramatic elements and reduce him to tho
ranks of the prosaic thousands who bear
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
Refused to Prosecute.
Leona Delmar, alias Jacobs, who mar-
rled John Gedge, carriage painter, of
Watsonville. and left him three days aft
er-ward, appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge of. petty larceny.
She was accused. of stealing a collarette
and ring from her mother-in-law, Mrs.
Emma J. Baldwin. 188 Hartford street.
Mrs. Bald-win refused to ¦ prosecute and
the Judge dismissed tho case. - ,
Bitten by a Dog.
James Hughes. 7S1 Stevenson street,
was playing with a dog at Grove and
Polk streets yesterday morning when the
animal jumped at him and bit him on the
cheek. He hurried to the Receiving Hos
pital and had the wound cauterized.
Had Her Wealth With Eer.
Mrs. Mary M. Colvln, divorced wife of
Hugh Colvln, a fire department pensioner,
was arrested yesterday and locked up in
a cell In the Insane ward In the Receiving
Hospital. She was arrested at 1116 Fil
bert street. When (searched she had $130
In gold and Jl In silver In her pocket and
a bank book of the Hibernla Bank show
ins that she had $3926 on deposit there.
Colvln and his wife were divorced about
five years ago. ¦ ¦ . .
A Bankrupt Merchant.
Joseph Albertl, a merchant of San Ra
fael, filed a petition In Insolvency yester
day In the United States District Court.
Hi.i liabilities are (4178 64, and be has no
assets. ,¦¦¦¦: ¦ . ¦
CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
LATER ENGLISH EXPLORERS AND DISCOVERERS
9
ON THE ROCKS.
GB.APE-NTJTS. !
0 ++??»?+++??+??????????? o
\ Work is Easy !
* when you cat
I Grape=NutS|
? ths fascinating +
I Brain Food !
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver UU, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.'
"We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. ' Suit cases, valises, traveling
bags, coin purses and pocketbooks in our
leather goods department Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ¦> •Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat — Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2H 6 3H
C1 ° Slng PARIS. 61H
oSmT .. July koiK:" Dec -
Closing
Opening
Closing
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 16— CATTLE— R-eelpt*. 20.000,
Including 1000 Texans and 600 Western rangers.
Market generally steady to SJJIOc lower. Butch
ers stock steady. Western range cattle Bold up
to $4 75. Natives: Best on sale to-day' two
cars Angus at $3 70; good to prime steers, {5@
6 70; poor to medium, |4 r»0«i*; selected feed
ers, steady, $4§J4 76; mixed stockers, |3 7B@4;
cows, $36 4 70; heifers, $3^5 10; canners, $2®
2 80; bulls. $2 6O®4 60; calves, steady. |4 50$2
6 75. Texans: Receipts. 1000. Best on sale to
day two carloads at t* CO; Texas fed steers,
$4 15§5; Texas grass steers, $3 2334; Texas
bulls. 12 50ft3 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 4000: to-morrow, 20,
000: left over, 4500: steadv at Saturday's closing
prices. Top. J3 40; mixed and butchers, %5 ostfj)
6 40; good to choice heavy, $5 10^5 40; rough
heavy, $4 93<[?5 05; bulk of sales, $5 25*25 85.
SHREP— Receipts. 24.000. Sheep and Lambs,
dull. 10@2Oe lower, except choice lambs; pood
to choice wethers, $4@4 to; fair to choice mli-
Foreign Futures.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants*' Kx.:hangf, San Francisco, Cal.
July 16, 1900L
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
! building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
! i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at s
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. July 16.— The depression caused
on foreign exchange by the sinister reports
fmm «'hlna had no effect in the local market
and did not hurt the American exchanges in
the foreign markets. Good advances were e»
tsbllfhrd in London for Union I'acific and Bal
tlir.ore * Ohio betcre the opening here and ln
terr.fitlcnal houst-s bought freely in this market
of these and other stocks. Total purchases for
London account in thip market were estimated
at 40,OOCi shares. The movement in Union Pa
cific was the mains; ring of this market all
dtv. nud Baltimore & Ohio wns also an active
feature. The movement in these Ktucka was
primarily based on the estimates for the
ye-ar's earnings row made up. A statement of
I'r.lnh Pacific earning? having th» appearance
of auth-rrity Ftate* that net results for the
year. «t-!ui>lvf of land sales, amount to over
|2f».<<T0.aX', which would indicate a balance of
pcmethlng like 90 per cent for emmun stock.
Thl* Ftat»mer.t end the fact that !n?ide in
terests were avowed buyers of the stock gave
color to the reports that it Is to be placed
on a 4 r>er cent baj-ls.
The amount of speculation which has b*"»n
fcifed on supposed damage to the Corn crop
«af made obvious by the break In the price
stocks of corn carrying railroads. This helped
the Union Pacific movement and that stock
rocf an extreme 2*4c. Other rains ran from
1 to l*ic for the Corn Rrang^rs, Burlington
belnc conrpicuous. Rock Island was h^lrt back
by sympathy with the weakness in Brooklyn
Transit, which was a target for the bears
fill Jay ahd which lost l%c net. Missouri Pa
cific broke badly In the late dealings on <iis
eppointment that no action on the dividend
vu taken Bt a meeting: of the directors held
to-day. The extreme decline of "4c, coupled
with the weakness in Brooklyn Transit and
the £ifsr>o«itlon to take profits, reactions of a
point were ca.u*»d In a number of stocks. The
closing w»s heavy at the reaction. Outside
of the grangers, the Pacifies and trans
continrnttls generally. the market con
tinued dull and narrow. An early advance In
Fur»r wa* <5ue to the rise in price of the re
fined product.
The Hond market continued dull and prices
moved both ways. Total sales, par value. $930.
eoo. <"¦_/'?-
T"nlt»d Ptat** refunding ir when lrsned. old
4s and T>t and 3* registered advanced u, coupon
\ ana new 4» U In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eharea Clo#tlns
Sold. Ftock — Bid.
l.*00 Atchison 2534
24,e:i Atchircn preffl 69H
2«,8W Baltimore A Ohio 76H
Canadian Pacific 88^
249 Canada Southern 48
2.21!) Chesapeake ft Ohio TPii
Chlcaro Great W«tera 10%
114.M6 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 1HK
100 Chlcas-o. In« & Louis tju
....... Chicago. Ir.d A Louis prefd.. ....... CO
Cfciceco & Cast Illinois ..... m » tt
CALL CALENDAR.
July, 1900.
The Chinese have not yet learned to ap
preciate a well finished tool of any kind.
The only tools that they require seem to
be those that thev can not actually do
without— such as razors, cheap knives,
scissors, needles, saws, chisels, etc.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — I] 85
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight.... — 1-H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — lo
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6Ui
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 48>,4
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Liverpool wai weaker. It was a
holiday at Paris.
Chicago opened at 78c. declined to76Hc and re
covered to 77!4c. The weakness at the open
ing: was caused by greneral rains throughout the
¦West and Southwest. There were no buyers.
Reliable private estimates from the Northwest
placed the crop there not to exceed 85,000,000
bushels, and probably less. There were large
receipts In the Southwestern markets and they
were freely sold against at Chicago. Toward
the close the pressure to sell subsided and the
market steadied. The American visible sup
ply decreased 795,000 bushels. The weather was
shower}'- The rains in the West and South
west had a tendency to weaken Corn.
In the local market futures opened lower,
but recovered somewhat. Spot prices stood the
Ef Spo't Wheat— Shipping. *1 05; milling. $1 07%
®1 10. _ . _ __
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4S.-
Secon'd Session— December— 22.000 ctls, $1 13%;
Regular* Morning Session— December— 12,000
ctu. $i 13%; 20.000. $1 13%: 20.000, Jl i3Vi.
Afternoon Session — December — 26,000 ctlfl.
*1 13; 4000. *1 13>,i; 4000, $1 13H
IJARLEY—The market continues dull and
nominal. • 2J.. 1 . . -
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 63@67Hc for off
grades; Brewlrg and shipping grades. 75v£uc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornlnc Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 73^c.
OATS-Flrmly held, but quiet.
White. Jl 1&4U JO; Surprise. SI 27^01 3o: Red,
$1 07i*«l 20; Gray. $1 10<£l 15; Black. $1 02^01 10
per ctl.
CORN— Dull and unchanced; Eastern large
Yellow, Jl tf'/igl 20 per ctl; Eastern White,
$1 17V4S1 20 per ctl; Mixed, U 15@1 17ft.
RYE— 02%^96c per ctl.
BUCKW HEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FIjOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40JT3 50; Oregon
and Washington, 12 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15®3 60 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 11Q
6 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— PrWes In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, {3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. |2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. |7; Corn Meal, 12 75;
extra cream do. $3 CO; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. J.I 50<S3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4S4 25;
Cracked Wheat, f 3 50; Farina. 14 00; Whole
Wheat Flour, |3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J6®
7 25. In sacks. $5 76@7; Pearl Barley, }Z; Split
Peas. J5: Green Peas, 45 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no longer any distinction between
new and old Hay. The market for eraln de
scriptions continues very stiff and quotations
have apain advanced. Volunteer is utterly
neglected. Nobody wants to touch it, but
dealers eay that consumers will be glad enough
to set lt later on. The Hay market Is soins
to surprise people this year.
BRAN-$12 60© 13 50 per ton. :# U
MIDDLINGS— $17620 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. (16-- per .. ton:
Oilcake Meal at the .mill. »26®27; Jobbing. $27 60
«28; Cocoanut Cake, $20#2l: Corn Meal, $24 50;
Cracked Com, 125; Mixed Feed, 114.
HAT— Volunteer. $4 50<@6 50; Wheat. J10-gl2;
Wheat and Oat. *9®11 50;»Oat. $7 50@9: Clover,
U MKit 00; Alfalfa, *6@7 EO; Barley, |7@9 per
ton.
6TRAW-25@40c per baJe.
Beans and Seeds.
Ther« is nothing- to new to report.
BEANS— BayoB. $2 85(33: Small White. 13 25ft
S 40; larre White, $2 75®S 90; , Pink. $2 5OI?2 90;
Red, $2 S0t?3; Blaokeye, 12 60<3*3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima.' $5 30@5 40; Pea, J3 40@3 DO; Red
Kidneys. I4Q4 50. '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. U 90©2 20: Canary. lV4o per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
* — . 7T
CHICAGO. July 16.— Corn at the outset as
sumed the decidedly weak position which made
lt the center of attraction on 'Change during
the day. The opening was at a loss and early
trading Jammed the price still further down.
There was practically one factor— rain in gen
erous quantities In the corn belt. Kansas espe
cially. September closed weak, 3%@Hc under
Saturday at 40?»'S41c
In Wheat It was a case of holders continuing
to let go, while there was a small short in
terest to absorb offerings. The selling en
couragement was found In the Corn weakness,
in weak cable* from Liverpool and In rains
in the Northwest and continued more favora
ble rer>orts from that section of country. As
In Corn there was some recovery from the
bottom, but th« close was weak. September %
i&.\c under Saturday at 77Hc.
Oats acted in sympathy with Corn, but were
comparatively steady and rather quiet. Sep
tember closed lower at 24c.
The Provisions market broke with Corn, but
rallied a Mttle from the bottom and closed
steady at a fair decline from Saturday. Sep
tember Pork closed 30c under Saturday, Lard
7Vfe!?il0c down Bnd Ribs 15c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2 —
July . " 76U 76V4 75M. 76
August 76'i 76% 75% 7C%
September 7S* 78 76% 77y 4
jfc**£: 42 42 ' 40«4 40%
August 42% 42H 39% 40%
September « 43 40VI 41
Oats No. 2—
July 23tf 23H 23% 23^
AUKUSt 23% 23% 2tti 23^
September 24Vi 2414 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 15 12 15 12 05 12 05
September 12 47H 12 |0 12 15 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 75 6 75 6 72»4 6 72V4
September 6 85 6 87>4 6 72Vi 6 80
October 6 80 6 S7^a 8 80 6 S2«$
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 67^ 6 70 6 62ft 6 70
September 6 90 6 97V4 6 72% 6 85
Cash quotatlous were as follows: Flour,
rany; No. 3 spring wheat, 70V4@n%c; No. 2 red,
77«T77*,c; No. 2 corn, 40%@41c; No. 2 yellow,
40H@41c; No. 2 oats,-24t24'ic; No. 2 White, 26H@
27Vic; ICo. 3 white, 26tf27c: good feeding bar
ley. 40!342c; fair to choice malting. 46'ri l.Sc; No.
1 flaxseed, Jl 80; No. 1 Northwestern. Jl 80;
prime timothy seed, $3 15; mess pork, per bar
rel, $11 23<g r 12 15; lard, per 100 pounds. « GO®
6 77 ; ,i: short ribs sides (loefe). JC 70K7 00; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7c; short clear
sides (boxed), {7 3o@7 45; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade, JS.
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. barrelB 16,000 27,000
Wheat, bushels £5,000 198,000
Corn, bushels 438,000 634,000
Oats, bushels 164.000 614.000
Rye. bushels 4.000
Barley, bushels 7.000 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market waa steady; creamery. lG@19c; dairy, 14
@17c; cheese, steady, 9^@lO!4c; egge, 6teady;
fresh. Ho.
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July 11
Etmr Matteawan. Croscup. 83 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridffett. 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Bonita. Nlco!s.on. 76 hours from New
port (S), etc.
Stmr Chas D Lane. Warner. 11 day* from
Care Nome.
Ger stmr Abydos, Qarstens. Ill days from
Hamburg, via Valparaiso 33 days, via San
Dle^o 2 davs.
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss. 35 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 24 daya. via San
Diego 2 days.
Br ship Alcaics, Fultcn, 82 days from New
castle. Aus.
Haw bark Mauna Ala. Hamilton. 30 days
from Honolulu.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter. Patterson. 4 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Maggie C Russ. Kellenberg. 13 days from
Schr John G North. Austin. 22 days from
Honoiyu.
CLEARED.
Monday. July 1*.
Stmr California. Morrison. Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria: O R A N Co.
Ship Emily F Whitney. Brlgham. Honolulu:
Alexander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Monday. July 18.
Stmr Corona, Gielow. San Diego.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Sunol, Green. Hardy Creek.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig. Rockport.
Br bark Musselcrag. Johnston. Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Attention Is called of bay an.1 rlv«r captains
to the fact that Miss Bessie T Warren. In com
pany with T J Kelly left Belvedere July 15 in
a catboat for a short sail and hava been since
missing. A boat answering the description of
this one with two people in her was seen by
several parties la the vicinity of McNeax'a
Larding about 4pm yesterday, headed up
river Should they see anything of the party
render them assistance and kindly report same
to Merchants' Exchange or C A Warren's of nee.
DISASTERS.
Bark McNear, bound from Honolulu for Lay
san Island, went ashore on Dowsett reef on
May 4 and became a total wreck. Captain and
crew arrived at Honolulu on baric Ceylon.
REDONDO. July 16— On July 14. at 6 a m. lat
34 "7 N lon 121 56 W. Ger bark J C Pfluger was
•poken.' from San Francisco July 11 for Queens
town, dismasted, lost main and mlzzen mast
and foretoDsail yards. Pfluger la trying- to
make Santa Barbara. All hands well. Later-
Arrived at Santa Barbara In tow of stmr Green
wood Tug will be sent from San Francisco to
tow her there fc# repairs.
SPOKEN.
June 24. Ut 12 S. lon 38 W— Ship Kanllworth.
from Philadelnhta. for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 16. 10 p> m— Weather
thick; wind SW. velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDQ— Arrived July 15— Schr L* Ol
ronde. from Grays Harbor.
I'MPQL'A — Arrived July 13 — Schr Lily, hence
June 30.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July IS— Shio M P
Grace, from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 15— Stmr Empire,
hence July 11.
TACOMA — Arrived July 18 — Ship Agenor, from
Port Townsend.
Sailed July 15— Ship Berlin, tor San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 14— Stmr Humboldt.
from Skasuay; stmr Czarina, hence July 11.
EUREKA — Arrived July 16. at 10 a m — Stmr
H H Buhne. hence June 13.
Sailed July 16— Tug Monarch, with, stmx Ia
oua. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 18— Br bark Fifeshlre.
for Queenstown.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 18— Baric Sera
lnole. for Sydney.
TILLAMOOK-Salled July 15-Stmr W H
Kruger. for San Francisco, with »trar Lag-una
'"l^ONOLULU— Arrived July 2— Schr Maria E
Smith, from Port Gamble. July S— Ital ship
Eliza, from Newcastle. Aus. July 4— Br stmr
Moiwera. from Sydney; stmr Australia, hence
June 27. July 5 — Schr II E> Bendixen. from
Eureka: bktn Irmgard. hence June 11; ship Ivy.
from Newcastle. Aus. July 6— Bark Alden
Besse, hence June 11: bark Mohican, hence June
19; Br stmr Doric. h«ice June 30; Br »tmr War
rlmoo, from Victoria. July 7 — Schr Rosamond.
henc<» June 17; bark Ceylon, from Laysan
Jsland. July S— Bktn W H Dlmond, hence June
21; bark Diamond Head, hence June 23; bktn
Kllkitat. from Port Gamble. July 9— Br stmr
Coptic, from Yokohama. July 3 — Schr "W F
Wltzeman. from Grays Harbor.
Sailed July 1— Schr Jessie Minor, for Port
Tctvnsend; schr Carrier Dove, for Pert Town
send: stmr City of Rio. for San Francisco.
July 2— Ger ship Hera, for Port Townsend.
July 5— Ship Henry B. Hyde, for New York.
j u iy 4_ Bark Carondelet. for Port Towns-nil;
Fr".«tmr SJlowa, for Victoria. July 6— Bark
S C Allen, for San Francisco; schr Pioneer, for
Port Townsend. July 7 — Br stmr Warrlmoo, for
Svdney: Br »tmr X>orlc. for Yokohama. July S
—Schr B K Wood, for Pert Townaend.
KAHULUI— In port July 6— Schr Robert
Searles. from Newcastle. NSW; schr C 3
Holmes, from Tacor.a: ship Emily Reed, from
"Taoma; bark Carrollton. from Newcastle.
NSW.
Arrived July «— Brig Lurline. hence June 8.
Sailed July 3— Shin Luzon, for Philadelphia.
To sail July 7— Bark Carrollton. for Puget
"*MAHUKONA— Arrived July 3— Brlff Consuelo,
hence May 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• NANAI1IO— Sailed July 14— Stmr Aztec, for
San Francisco; Br stmr Robert Adamion. for
San "Die»o.
Arrived July lS-Stmr Washtenaw, h«nee
O V A YAQUIL— Arrived July 14— Schr Ad
miral, from Port Blakeley.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to July l#— Br
bark Elizabeth Nicholson, fr-m Port Blakeley
ANTWERP-Salle.1 July 13— Br thlp Hutton
! Hall, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 8— Ger atmr Ta
nls for San Franciaco.
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July IS— Stmr Servta.
from Liverpool; stmr Manltou. from London
stmr Kthlopla. from Glasgow.
ANTWERP-Arrived July 16-Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 1«— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
BOSTON— Sailed July 18— Stmr Peruvian, for
Glasgow. >
GIBRALTAR— Passed July IS— Stmr Califor
nia, from Genoa, for New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived July 15— Stmr Kara
mania, from New York, for Leghorn
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 14— 8tmr
China, from San Francisco. Yla Honolulu, for
Hongkong; »tmr Glenogle. from Hongkong, for
Tfccoma: stmr Idzuma Maru. from Seattle, for
IXonskonx and Manila.
NEW YORK. July 16.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17,
202 bbls; exports, 17,213 bbls; sales, 7350 pack
ages; market was checked by the drop in
wheat and ruled weak all day, with buyers
and sellers fully 10c to 20c apart; winter
patents. J4S4 SO; winter straits, $3 73®4; Min
nesota patents, J4 40®4 85; Minnesota bakers',
$3lg3 30.
WHEAT— Receipts, 54,575 bushels; exports,
175.114 bushels; sales. 4.325,000 bushels; futures,
44K.0O0 bushels export; spot, weak: Xo. 2 red,
&Z%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. SHfrc elevator:
No. 1 .Northern Duluth, SGVic f. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 88Vic f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options opened weak and through
out the forenoon declined steadily under active
liquidation, lower cables, the break in corn
and rains in the Northwest. An afternoon
rally on covering left the market finally steady
at %<glc decline; July. E2iJj82V4c. . closed at 82<ic:
September, SO 13-16§S2c, closed at Sl^c; Octo
ber, 81 l 4@S2\c, closed at 82c; December, 81\®
82%c, closed, 82%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE-Spot Rio. No. 7 Invoice, 9?4c; mild,
quiet; futures closed steady, with prices 15 to
2a points net advance: total sales, 41,000 baga,
including July. 17 95; August. SS 0o@S 10; Sep
tember. SS lDiffS 20; October, JS 35; November.
IS 50; December, JS 70; January, JS 70; March,
JS 90: May. J9.
SUGAR — Raw. strong; fair refining, 4 5-16c
bid; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 13-lSc bid; molasses
sugar, 4 l-16c bid; refined, strong; No. 6, 5.doc;
No. 7. 5.45c; No. 8, 5.40c; No. 9. 6.35c; No. 10.
5.30c: No. 11. 5.30c; No. 12. 5.25c; No, 13. 5.20c:
No. 14. 5.20c; standard A. 5.90c; confectioners'
A, 5.9<)c; mold A. 6.35c; cutloaf. 6.40c; crushed,
6.40c; powdered, 6.10c; granulated, 6.10c; cubes,
6.2:>c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 16.033 packages; market
steady; creamery, 16ViJ613c; current packed,
factory, I4t?l6c.
EGGS— Western, at mark. ll@13%c for aver
age lots; Western, loss off. 15c.
DRIED FRUITS
There was very little In the way of new
business In the market for evaporated apples
to-day. The undertone, however, holds steady
to firm, owing to light receipts and some local
Inquiry. Prices were unchanged at the close.
California dried fruits were dull but about
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
3'i!&5c; prime. 5>i@5»4c; choice, l\ r a6 t ic; fancy,
7&7'4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. lKftHc; Moorpark. 14317?:.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14©lSc; unpeeled. 7&!>c.
TO SAIL.
Charters.
The Eureka leads lumber at Grays Harbor j
for Kahului; Dora Bluhm. merchandise for j
Honolulu: L. T). Foster, lumber Bt Ohemalnua ',
tor Pydner, ">3s M. <^r Melbourne rr Adelaide, ]
Cl« £d— prior to arrival: Nonr.a. wheat for Eu- I
rope. 40s-prior to arrival; okan^pan. lumber
at Port Lu.'.low for Honolulu: Rej-orter. lum
ber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu; Kvarven.
coal at Victoria for Alaska, chartered by
United States Government.
Merchandise for J'ictoria.
The City "f Puetla sailed yesterday for Vic
toria wi-Ji a cargo rt freneral merrhandls?
valued at 117.643. which btdttded the following:
W grindstones. 146 j..kj:s pipes. 24.144 Tbs coffee, j
irrr Tim bread, 21 em hard war*. 16 pkgs machin
ery. 10" <¦¦ canned goods, i. rolls leather. 8*3 |
rk'rs dried fruit*. 39 cs oil. 14« crs onions. 13 |
bbls lacquer. 320 pkgs paste. 9 cs drygoods. |
1» 4*4 ft lumber, B bxs raisins, 10 bdls paper. ,
13 bbls flour, Z pkgs dried fish. 7 cs arrr.s an£ |
ammunition. CO pkps proceries and provisions. <
141 gals wine. 3$ bars 13 bdls 326 rks:" iron, i
17 riKgs steel, S3.091 lbs nitrate of soda, Zo \
sk£ beans, V.W It* sulphur. 10 rkgs Fait fish, )
V* crs vegetables. 1*-S eks potatoes. 3260 pkgs
preen fruit. 7 cs clocks. 1000 cocoanuts, 5 cs
cheese. 5 hMl blnestone.
For Sydney. Australia— 200 pkgs evaporated
apples; value, 5"'-'.
Imports of Specie.
Import! at tpecie at this port during the
f.rrt half of the year amount tn JR.724.904. |
against J11.M4.7PT during the same perioi last
year, the !f-a£!ng sources being as follows:
Frim Mexico. I1.21P.3SS; Japan. J3.?P f '.551; Aus
tralia. fSTS.snO: Hawaiian Islands. tr>M40. The
Rescript inn* are as follows: Gold bullion. 1139,- j
«?; fold coin, S&SM.U7; silver bullion. 11.083.- \
731; silver cntn. $14S.M>r>; treasury notes, $22,127. j
Its Twenty-Fifth Year.
The Pan Francisco Commercial News ce!e
trateii <rs twenty-fifth year by appearing In
hfiSmme illustrated magazine form, with blue
covers. It Is full nf the usual valuable mat
ter r*rta1nlnp to the trrain. canned gexvis ar.<i
fhirpln* 'raiies. together with a quantity of
lr.tTeftir.ir miscellaneous matter. The pictures
through'iut are particularly fine, the frontia
plcce "The Golden Gat*- — Sunset." being a
very handsome piece of work. The review
should l>e In the hands of every one engagfl
lr. the tradeg mentioned, as lt is an artistic
thlag to Fend away.
Weather Report.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
?
H20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July 16. 1900—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka SS Los Angeles 80
Fr»fno l fl<1 Sacramento S4
Mrunt Tamalpais... %Z In-ic-i-endence 96
P.ed Bluff K2 San Diego 70
Fan Lul* Oblspo 74
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Bt; minimum, 4*; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area, of high pressure overlies the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. During the past
twf-r.ty-four hour* the pressure has risen along
the criart from San Diego to Astoria. No rain
liaf fallen wert of the Rocky Mountains.
The lowest temi^rature reported Is at San
Franrlseo. which is possibly the coolest sta
tion in the country. The difference in temper
ature within a few relies in this vicinity Is
rtrikingly shown on to-nichfs map. At the
Fame hour the temperatures are respectively 52
and £4 degrees at Mount Tamalpais. There is a
vertiraj thermal gradient of 1 decree rise in
temperature for every 74 feet of elevation.
Heavy fog prevails off rhore.
FoT-eca;=t made at San FYar.cieeo for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 17, 19w:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
DCrtfa winds In the interior; westerly winds on
the roent. with fog.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
north winds with fog on me coast.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tursday.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday: continued warm.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fr*-sh west wind, with fog.
Chicago & Northwestern 15S*4
7 £25 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 18^i
C C C Jl St Louis 58
600 Colorado Southern 6%
110 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41>*
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd l«'i
l>Wa\vare & Hudson 111% ¦
Pelaware. Lack & Western 175 ¦
Denver & R G "*» i
IVnver & R G prefd 85^ !
Erie " j
Erie 1st prefd 32V» I
120 Great Northern prefd lol \
Hocking Coal 13'4 ,
Hocking Valley 34^ I
8,729 Illinois Central ? 118
270 Iowa Central 1» i
200 Iowa Central prefd 47
Kansas City Pitttburg & Gulf 17 j
100 Lake Erie & Western 26%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 90 \
Lake Short 210 I
2.200 Louisville & Nashville 72% j
. UO Manhattan L S7»! ;
1.3HO Metropolitan Street Ry 149 I
100 Mexican Central 12Vi I
3'JO Minn & St Louis 66 ;
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 92 |
8.M0 Missouri Pacific 50«£
Mobile & Ohio 37
100 Misaoui. Kansas & Texas 10
1.3'^) Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... SOH
200 New Jersey Central 126
l,«ri0 New York Central 12S% i
4.013 Norfolk & Western 34
Norfolk & Western prefd 77*g (
8.765 Northern Pacific &0W (
8,731 Northern Pacific prefd 704
230 Ontario & Western 19?»
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd. 1 76 j
7.3S3 Pennsylvania 2"%
1.700 Heading t 17 ;
2.4CK) Reading 1st prefd 59%
1,500 Reading 2nd prefd 2S
Rio Grande Western 53H
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
425 St Louis & San Fran 954
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
?00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33'i
St Louis Southwestern 9?i
St Louis Southwestern prefd 25
7.&S5 St Paul 110%
St Paul p*efd 170
St Paul & Omalia 110
6.7M Southern 1'acitic 33H
10O Southern Railway 11
1.135 Southern Railway prefd 51*i i
400 Texas & Pacific 15
36.3S") Union Pacific 57
15.100 Union Pacific prefd 75
Wabash 6 S 4 !
300 Wabash prefd 184
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie R^
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 22*4
Wisconsin Central 14 j
Third Avenue 110
Express Companies —
Adams 116
American t 153
United States 46
Wells FarEO 123
Mif-cellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton OH prefd S3
American Malting 3*4
American Malting prefd 19
S00 Am Smelting & Refining 374
1.K0 Am Smelting & Refining prefd SS^i
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
American St^el Hoop 18>4
?00 American Steel Hoop prefd 68
4.075 American Steel & Wire 32
American Steel & Wire prefd 71
American Tin Plate «< 21
American Tin Plate prefd 75
1.D25 American Tobacco, ex div SJ4
American Tobacco prefd. ex div 123
Anaconda Mining Co 33 ;
as.i.75 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 51%
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron Z2\
120 Continental Tobacco 24*i
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 77*j
3,130 Fe-deral Steel 82"*
Federal Steel prefd C54
General Electric 130
Glucose Sugar 51
GIucosp .Pusar prefd 97
l"0 International Paper 22%
700 International Paper prefd €5
200 Laclede Gas 74
National Biscuit 2S>4 j
National Biscuit prefd J.1 |
100 National Lead 20'-4 |
National I^ead prefd S6
400 National Steel 23
National Ste»l prefd S34
New York Air Brake 135
100 North American IGVi
400 Pacific Coas-t 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
,.... Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
15 Pacific Mall 27*.;
710 People's Gas 98W
100 Pressed Steel Car 43V4
PreEeed Steel Car prefd 70 I
ISO Pullman Palace Car 1S1
Standard Rone & Twine 6»i (
8.475 Sugar US
100 Sugar prefd US |
1625 Tennessee Coal & Iron 664
780. United States Leather 8H
220 United States Leather prefd 674
United States Rubber 23*i
T'nitfd States Rubber prefd 91
290 Western Union 79%
Republic Iron & Steel Co 114
p c C & St Louis 67
J06.300 Shares Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refudtng |M. K & T 2nds.... 63%
wl«n irsued reglC3»; Do 4s 91
D/ Coup 103% N Y Cent lots 108
U S 2* reg 1^0 N J C gen Ls 122
Do Ss reg 10SH Nor Pac 3s 66
Do 3s coup 110 Do 4s 104VJ
Do new 4s reg...l334 N Y. C & St L 4s.lO6Vi
Do new 4s coup. .134V4 Nor & W con 4s.. 97%
I>o old 4b reg...H5 (Or Nav lets 107
Do old 4s coup.. 115 j Do 4s .102
Do 6s reg U2*i!Or B Line 6s 1274
' Do 5s coup Ill Do con 6s 112
Dlst of Col 3.65s... 123 I Read Gen 4s *»%
Atch gen 4s 101»«,iRio K West lsts.. S4H
Do a'lj 4s S34tS L & I M con 5s.ll04
Can So 2nds 107% S L & 6 F Gen 6s.l22
Chen & Ohio 4*s... WH fit Paul Cons 167
r>o ss n«* st p. o & p isas.im
' f & N con 7* 140*4 Do C» 11874
C & N S F Deb 5s.l20 So Pac 4s 7S>j
Chi Term 4s 93 So Ry Es 10SV4
Colo So 4s MM. S Rope & T €s.... 72
I>en & R G lsts.. .102 Tex" & Pac Ists....ll2
Do 4n 97'i Do 2s 55
Erie Gen 4s 6SV4 Union Pac 4s 105H
F W & D C lsts.. 70 Wabash lsts 116
Gen Eelectrlc 5»...117H Do 2s 102
Iowa Cent lsts ....112H. West Shore 4s 1124
K C. P & G 1st*. 714|V."ls Cent lsts 874
I L & N unified 4s. 3S>i|Va Centuries 90
1 MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar 12 Ontario 8 25
Crown Point 05 Ophlr 65
Con <~al & Va 1 35 Plymouth 12
Doadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould &. Curry 20 Quicksilver prefd. « 60
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 33
IIome*take 50 00 Standard 4 CO
Iron Silver 63 Union Con 17
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— West End 93
Call loans J'ffS Westing Elec 44
Time lo&ns S@4 Bonds —
Stocks— Atehlsin 4s lOOVi
A. T & St Fe 2;V*| N E Gas & Coke 5s 04
Do prefd 69fci Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar IIS Adventure ...."..... 2%
Do prefd US Allouez Mining Co 1
Amer Tel 143 Amal Copper 85
Boston & Albany.252% Atlantic 22.
Boston Blev 141 Boston A Mont. ..300
Bovton & Maine.. .U.S4 Butte & Boston... C3
Chi. Bur & Q ltt\ Calumet & Hecla.730
Dominion Coal.... 38 Centennial 16%
Do prefd 113 Franklin UV4
Federal Steel 224 Osceola 64
Do prefd 654 Partx>t 394
PMchburg prefd. ..1364 Qu!ncy 140
Mex Cent 12V» Santa Fe Copper. 44
Mich Tel S7£ Tamarack 190
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Utah Mining .'..... 28
Old Colony 205 Winona 2\4
Old Dominion 18 'Wolverines J7V4
Union Pacific 57 f
_JfEW YORK, July It— Money on call, UOft
New York Money Market.
Silver lozver. Exchange higher.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Wheat unsettled and very sensitive. Barley dull
All minor cereals stand as before.
Hay continues to advance. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Nothing new in Beams and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables weak.
Butter and Eggs rather firmer. Cheese unchanged.
Dove season opened. A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Figs, Grapes and Melons continue to bring good prices.
Peaches, Apples and Apricots abend the same.
Pears in ample supply and zvcak.
Prices for new dried Peaches and Pears being established.
Prunes cleaned up and quotations dropped.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Still cnotlier advance in Sugar. *
last tide of the day. except when there are but
tnr ee tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given arf in addition to the soundings on th«
l.nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus rinn (— ) precede the height,
and then the number sivpn la subtracted from
the depth glvpn bv the charts. The plane of
re?p ren< p Is th«» m*»n of the lower low w»t*r*.
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, S^tgMMc
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 87©4 *7V4 for demand and
at $4 S464 S4H and $4 S4*i for sixty days: posted
rates. U S5S4 87V4; commercial bills, $4 S3%0
4 83H. Silver certificates, 6m@C2Vic; bar silver,
61Hc. Mexican dollars. .4SHc Government
bonds, strong; State bonds, inactive; railroad
bonds. Irregular. •*
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON. July 16.— To-day's etatement
of the treasury balances shows: Available
cash_ balances, $152,310,443; gold resarve, $69.-
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says:
Business was very dull to-day In the mar
kets here, which were under the depressing in
fluences of the reports or massacre in Peking.
Yet there was no pronounced despondency, the
news having been generally discounted dur
ing the last fortnight. Indeed, there was
fairly general reco\-ery before the session
closed.
In the American department prices were firm
and dealings, though quiet, were of good char
acter in anticipation of an, advance in the
Union Pacific dividend. ' 9
CLOSE.
LONDON. July 16.— Atchison. 26U; Canadian
Pacific, 9H4: Union Pacific preferred. 76^:
Northern Pacific preferred, 72%; Grand Trunk,
63*4; Anaconda, 1%. Bar silver, quiet; 26 ll-16d
per ounce. Money, lH®!^ per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
* — , *
.CHICAGO. July 1«.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. 90c
<g$l 65 a box and 80@95c, half box. Prunes-
Tragedy, 60@90e, single crate; Slmonl, 95c; Sil
ver. $1 05; Gros, 65c. Plums— Burbanks, 33@90c,
single crate f Washington. 70@80c; Yellow Egg.
95c@»l 10; Royal Hetive. 45c; Kelsey. $1 21: P.
D., 70c. Peaches— Early Crawfords, 35«:>oc a
box and COc. single crate; St. John, 3Ot6ac a
box and 10@65c. single crate; Fosters, eafcSOc a
box; Hales, 40c; Deckers. 60c; Imperials, 40c;
Strawberry Cling, 40c a box. Nectarines— Red.
80@<$&c, single crate. _
NEW YORK, July 16.-Portrr Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bar..
letts. S0c@n 65 a box and 70c@$l. half box.
Wilders. S5c, half box: Clapp's. 65®7Jc; Con
gress, 60c. Plums— Burbanks, 50cii$l 7j, single
crate; Abundance, 45S55c; P. D.. 70<gS5c; Brad
shaw, 90c; Washington, oofg'hc: Botan. sue,
Satsuma, eO^Oc: Wlckson, 90c(g$l 40; Garlich.
$1 35; Yellow Egg. 93c; Splendor, 75c; Peach.
70080c: California Red, $120; Ogon.3oift.ac.
Prunes-Tragedy, 65®90c. single crate. Peaches
—Deckers 45385c a box: Fosters, 60®65c; Early
Crawfords, 55c«m 05; Hales. 30®50c; St. John.
40S65c a box and COc, single crate; imperials,
4D&50C a box. Nectarines-Red, 50c, single
crate. Twenty-seven cars California fruit and
seventy-four cars of Georgia peaches sold to
day.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The Iron markets
were extremely dull, weak and unsettled to
day. Pig iron warrants were nominally quoted
at $13 60 and Northern No. 1 foundry at $17
and $18. Copper was a shade firmer in Lon
don, but the local market remains quiet and
unchanged on the basis of $16 £0 for spot. Ex
ports of copper have fallen off considerably.
Tin was firmer, materially higher, owing to
an advance of £1 for spot in London, while
futures were neglected. At the close prices
were on the basis of $34 10 for spot tin in New
York. Lead continues dull and unchanged at
$3 97H#4 02^. and spelter was a shade easier
at $4 17Vs:@4 22>4. The brokers' price for lead
was $3 mi, and for copper $16 60.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, July 14, as compiled by the Ne*'
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 46.0S1.000 795.000
Corn 13.CCS,000 420.009' ¦•• —
Oats 7.144.000 2.0W
Rv e 567.000 29,000
Barley 628,000 1S.000
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 16.— Consuls, 9S 9-16; silver.
2S 3-16d; French rentes, 99f SOc. Wheat cargoes
on passage, easier and neglected; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 30s 4\±d; English country
markets, steady; imports Into United Kingdom,
wheat. 233.000; imports into United Kingdom,
flour. 215,000; wheat and flour on passage to
XTnlted Kingdom. 2,310,000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1.390,000.
LIVERPOOL, July 16.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@6s 4^d; French
country markets, steady.
CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot, dull; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 4>/2d; No. 1 California, fs 4d@6s 4Vid. Fu
tures, quiet; July, nominal; September, 6s l»id;
December, 6s 2%d.
CORN— Spot, new. firm: old, quiet; American
mixed, new, 4s %A; American mixed, old. 4s
2d. Futures, quiet; July, nominal; September,
4s 3M;d.
London Wool Market.
LONDON?*July 16.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 10.036 bales were offered. Competition
was brisk and at fully last week's prices.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools sold slow
ly. There was a full attendance of buyers and
the catalogues were larger. Good cross-breUs
and scoureds w^-e in fair demand.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 16.— Clearings, J467.699;
balances, $32,457.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 16.— There is such a small
amount of Walla Walla wheat selling that
quotations are largely nominal at about U'QCGe
per buehel, with valley practically the same.
Bluestem is quoted at 5S<!i59c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 16.— Wheat, dull and un
changed; bluestem. 59c; club. 57c; both for ex
port. ' . '
On the morning sefilon of the Bond Ex
change San Francisco Gas and Electric sold
up to JCO. Otherwise the market was feature
less. The oil stocks were lifeless.
The Occidental Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 5 cents per share.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
firmer at JCS 73@6S 25. but otherwise there was
nothing going cn.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Bank of California. $4 per share: California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. Jl 50; Nevada
National LSank, $3 50: Wells. FarRO & Co.'s
Bank. ?3; Kilauea Sugar. 25 cents; Oakland
Gas, 23 cents; Oakland, San I>>andro and Hay
wards Electric. 20 cent*; Presidio Railway. 1C
cents: Pacific Telephone. 40 cents; Sunset Tel
ephone. 2". cents.
The California Canneries Company will pay
a dividend, of 60 cents on the 20th.
The Oceanic Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 1 cent on August 15.
The Mutual Electric Company passed Its last
dividend In order to apply surplus earnings
to Improvement of service.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE!
MONDAY. July 16—2 p. m.
Bld.A>K. Bi«t.A*<.
U S Bond!*— Equit G L Co. 3'4 4
4s quar coup. .115 115H Mutual El Co. — II 1 *
4s do reg 115 113>.ijO G L i H... *S\ Zi\
4s do cd new..l34V3l34' / s!l > ac Gas Imp. 464 —
St. ijuar cuup.-luv*!! 1 ; | p ac L Co ¦ —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 43>4 49Ti
Cal-et Cab 5s..ll8tt — ban Francisco. 4** 6
C C Water 5s. — 109 fctkn G & K Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6S..12SH — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. -v 11* Flrem's Fund.223 —
Geary-st R 6s. — » 99 Hank Stock* —
H '" * S 6Hs- — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. « —
Do 5s 101 103 Bank of Cal... 406 —
L A Ry 6s.... - nwlijCal fc> U & l..i0» —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First National — 230
Do gntd 6».. — — Lon P A A 132 —
L A gntd 5s. ..100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R os. — 10!\ Nev Nat Bk.. — —
M"»rket-«t ««..r' Savings Bank-
Do 1st M 53.113 11SH Ger S & L....1339 —
N C N G K <a. — — Hum S & L... — —
N R of Cal fis.1V- 1 — Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do 5s 1174— s F Sav U....505 —
N P C R R Bs.lul — Sav A L So.... 74 73
Do 5s 105 — Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal n H fis.lll j- Union T Co.... — —
Oak G LAH5s.Hl *- Street Railroad*—
Oak Tran 6s. .115 115'i (California 122V4 —
Oak W C"5t.. - l(M iGeary-st 54 —
Oceanic S Co.lMH — Market-st Ry.. 63 64
Orn « By 6-..iif. — OSLSH....- 47»i
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3',i — Presidio — Zi^
P a U it it os.lU — Powder Stock.*—
Powell-st R fis.120 — Tallfornla IBS 182\,
Sac L & GR5s. !>5 100 Giant Con Co. 85>4 87
S F & SJV 5s. 119 120 Vlgorlt 2'M 3
S »:v ot i;a! its.Ill - Sugar storks—
S P of A Cs... — 111H Hana S P Co. 'Si^ 9
S P C 6s(1903).110 110% Haw C & S Co 87 S9
Do (liKJtf) 11IH113 Honrkaa S Co 32% 32',
Do (1912) ....ll!» 12?u Hutch S P Co. 25 1"."^
FPRO isrtrntjs — — Kilauea S Co. 19tj 20
S P Br 6s 131i« — Makaweli S Co — 46%
S V '.Vater 6s. p- — ¦ niumita t* «"'<>.
Do 4s 103*; — Paahau S Co. 31 31^
Do 3d mtg...U'l*ilO2 1 i M.»<^ilat»-..if.
Stricktn Gas «s ;-.<4 — i A! Pack Assn. 117 —
Wat»r Ptocks— I Cal Fruit Asn. — 99
Contra Costa.. 63 — M»r K» »7 ]•••
Mnr>n r-4i»!v. — Oceanic S Co.— 93»4
Spring Valley. 94*4 — Pac A F A.... — —
Gas & Kiectrlc— Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 4H B4
Morning Session.
Board—
5 California Fruit Canners 9$ 00
20 Honokaa S Co 32 r.O
10 Market-Street Railway «3 00
$4000 Oceanic S S Bonds 104 30
£5 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 87*4
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 O>
15 Spring Valley Water 95 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water .*... 69 75
35 Contra Costa Water 68 50
25 Contra Costa Water *. 63 37»£
60 Contra Costa Water 6S 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 S7H
50 Spring Valley Water 95 00
Street—
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1750 Independence 17
S0O Rex 100
Afternoon Session.
Board— *
S00 Home Oil 4 80
1000 Independence IS
10 Oil City Petroleum 17 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the yales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln? Session.
100 Belcher 17 100 Mexican 18
100 Caledonia 100 400 Savape 16
200 Crown Point. 141 100 Sliver Hill... 57
200 Justice 11* 200 Yellow Jack't 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 9S 200 Lady Wash.. 02
5fO Con Imperial 01 10O Mexican lft
400 Con. New Yk 04
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
1000 Alpha Con... 0« -200 Con New Y"k 04
20*1 Belcher 17 200 Crown Point. 13
200 Ch'll'nge Con IV 150 Silver Hill.... 57
200 CVll'nge Con 16 100 St. Louis IS
150 Cn Cal & Va ml 200 Syndicate ... OS
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia .... 1 M 200 Could & Cur. 23
200 Caledonia ... 99 20O 1 Hale & Nor.. 21
10O Caledonia .... 90! 150 Silver Hill .. 65
100 Caledonia .... S3, 400 Yellow Jacket 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha <M 06;Justice 10 11
Alta 07 OSjKentuck — 01
Andes 04 OSLady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 15 > 17lMexlcan 18 17
Best & Belcher 22 23 Occidental 07 10
Bullion 03 04;Ophir 63 70
Caledonia S7 89, Overman 14 16
Chollar 17 19 Potosl 14 15
Challenge Con. 15 17 Savage 15 17
Confidence 71) 76 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 26 27
Con New York 03 04 Silver Hill 51 63
Eureka Con — 50 St Louig 16 —
Crown Point ..12 13 Standard 10 —
Exchequer .... 01 02 (Syndicate 07 OS
Gould & Curry 23 231 Union Con .... 20 21
Hale & Nor.... 22 23 Utah 10 11
julta 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 12 14
A traveler returning from Siberia says:
"The prisoners are not chained. They eat
at the same table with their guards. The
Government provides a pension of $6 a
month to the family of each prisoner. At
the expiration of his sentence the prisoner
can take up his home in Siberia and the
Government will assist him. It allows him
a- home and Implements with which to
¦work."
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
TUESDAY, JULY 17.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heiehti of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority o* the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minute* later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises w3:00
Sun sets 7 7:30
Moon rises 10:29 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th«--Ieft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right >"»"fl column, glvea the
nominal; Rape. 2%®3c; Hemp. 4@4Hc; Tlmo-
DRIED-^PEAS-NlleB, $2 25@2 60; Green, $3 K
©2 to per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are weak at a decline.
Vegetables are dull at about previous prices.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 60@7Oc; New
Early Rose, 30ig40c; New Burbanks, 40@60c per
ctl
ONIONS— New Red, 50®65c; Yellow, 80@95c
Pe VEGETABLES-Grecn Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
sack; $1 per crate for Berkeley and $1 2j@1 50
for Alameda; Asparagus. 75c@J3 per box:
Green Peas. 2@3c per lb; String Beans. lip
3c; Umas, 4c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, lo<&
35c per small box; Rivers. 75c£U 25; Egg Plant.
50cfi$l 25 Der box: Green Okra, 10c; Green
Peppers 40c©$l per box for Chill and SOcftll
fot Bell: Dried Peppers. SfTlOc; Carrots. 2!KSS5c
per sack; Summer Squash, 50<?I65c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 30233c for Alameda; Garlic,
2&3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
A cor of Eastern came in.
The Dove season opened. Quotations below.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9gl0c for Gob
lers and 10® lie for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 23;
Goslings $1 23<gl 50; Ducks. $304 for old and
$3 CO<5I4 50 for young; Hens, J4&5: young Roos
ters U 50@6; old Roosters, $3 5O(&4; Fryers. J4;
Broilers. *35z3 60 for large .and fl "5(&2 5u for
small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 25ffl 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves sold at 75c@U per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are both firm for choice
stock, though quotations show no advance.
The demand is light, as usual at this time of
the year. Cheese stands the same.
KLlTKh- _ .
Cre«raer>- Fancy Creamery, 18%@19c; sec
onds, 17%@18c. . „.,_.„
Dairy- Fancy. 16*4; good to choice. 15%@l«c:
common. 144F15C. .,.-=,
CHEESE— New, 8Q9c: Young America, 9^9
10o: Ka«tern. l«*J17c: Western. 1M»1«C »-r t»
EGGS— Quoted at 14@15c for store and 17HQ 1
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14V4@15c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Muscat Grapes appeared from Portervllle,
selling at 75@S5c per box.
Melons continue to bring high prices.
Peaches, Plums and Apricots were quiet, as
Monday is generally an off day in these fruits.
Apples continued firm. Pears were weak. Figs
continued scarce.
- Berries were unusually firm for Monday, ana
brought good prices in comparison with recent
quotations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 2u(g 00c per box and crate; in
baskets. 20® 35c, and J7 5C<7?20 per ton to the can
ners.
APPLES— 40efT?l for large boxes; Graven
steins. 75c<g?i:5; Crabapples, 25®40c per small
box.
I'EARS- 2C®50c per box; Bartletts, S0(gC5c in
boxes and $15,1J20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20(S40c per box and crate nnd 20@3oc
per basket; in bulk. JWT13 per ton; Prunes,
30*i50c per crate and 20(535c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES- J2®3 50 per chest for large
and J-'So for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4Q7 per chest.
ULACKBKRK1KS— *2«4 per chest.
LOGAN BEniUES— $.V?7 per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 50(ff2 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7c per lb.
FIGS— Per box, 35^400 for single and 75ffS5c
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White. 40<2?S0c per box; red.
40*1 Soc.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 20@35c per
basket for common and 25®5Cc per box and
204135c per basket for Crawfords; In bulk, $15$
20 per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona, 7oc4?$l 75 per crate;
Fontainebleau. from Vacaville. 50c?$l 25.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c<5$l 25 per case and
$1 75(32 per crate; Cantaloupes, $2 75*33 50 per
crate. Watermelons, from Fresno, $12 50<jflS per
100.
CITRUS-FRUITS-St. Michaels. $1@2; Va
lenclas, $1 60@2 50; Lemons, $131 50 for com
mon and $2(7-3 for good to «<Holr<>: Mexican
Limes $j@5 50: Bananas. 73c@$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 5093 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nitrs and Raisins'.
Prices for Peachre in the San Joaquln are re
ported at V.Wf In sacks; Pears. 5^©6V4c; Nec
tarines, 6<??<>He for white and 5 l i0ec for red:
pitted Plums, 6JJ7c. Northern Peaches are
quoted r.t 5>4S6c.
There are no further developments in Prunes.
Quotations are withdrawn, as there are none
left except scattering lots of odd bags here and
there.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nom
inal—cleaned up. Peaches. 4%94&4c for Stand
ards, 5c for choice and 6Vi*j6e for fancy;
Peeled Peaches. 1ojU'12V4^; E\«u>orat<:u Appm,
5V4(86c; sun-dried, 3<g4c per Ib; Pears, 3*i(£HHc
for dark and TfJSc for bright halves: Black
Figs. l*i<t?2c; White Figs. 2#3c; Bleached
Plums. 7V4c: Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and Hjc for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6@~\kc per lt>.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
It), 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. 8Vjc; choice, 7^c: standard. 6»4c:
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
tO-lb boxes. Cc; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5H«:
S-crown, 6'ie; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. Jl 50 per box; 3-crown. $t SO. Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial. J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9c for Standards and P©
10c for softshells; Almonds, llH®12c for paper
shell, SiglOc for soft and 4®5c.for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%©6%c for Kastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. V.i^Sc; Filberts, 12^12',^;
Pecans. llffttc; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5.
HONKY— Comb. 12HS13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber: water white, 7\4@7!+c; light
amber extracted, 6\©7c; dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24g26c per Ib.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10<31(?«c per Ib for
heavy, 10U®10^c for light medium. lH4e for
light, 12V4c for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured. Kastern sugar-cured Hams, 12® 13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per blfl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $15: extra clear, $19;
Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef. 124®13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at "c per lb for com
pound and 8«4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S'Jic; 10-lb tins, 9Hc; 5-lb tins. 9Hc
COTTOLENE-One half barrel. S%c: three
half barrels, 8*»c: one tierce. 8*»c; two tierces,
Hio; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
S'^c; medium. 8%c; light. 8%c; Cowhides, SMe;
Stags, Cc; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf, 9c; Dry Hides,
sound, 16c: culls and brands. 13c: Dry Kip,
15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Sheepskins. Shearlings, 20$J
30c each; short Wool. X0<?i"50c each: medium, 60
©80c; long Wool, 90c® Jl 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, |2<g2 25 for larse. $1 73 for medium. $1 for
small and EOc foe colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 50
for large. Jl 23 for medium. *1 for small and 25
@50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. Sue; fall or medium ekins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20o. Goatskins— Prime Angoraa, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c. \
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. 2.
8c: refined, 5%c; grease. 2S2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as fellows:
Northern free, H^lSc; Northern defective, 120
14e: .Middle County, free, 14frl<>c: Middle County,
defective. 12ft 14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. ll®12c: Southern Mountain. fre«. 7
months' 10@12e; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 94jllc: Humboldt and Mendocino,
16@lSc; Nevada. 13®lCc per lb.
Fall Clip — San ' Jcaoiiln Lambs'. 8@9c p»r lb.
HOPS — Nominal at S@10c per lb; new, 10@llc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as before.
BKKF— DffO^ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8}*g9c; small, 9%@10&e per
pound. ' '
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Sc: ewes, 7®7^4c per
P °LAMH— Spring. SHtJ^ P*r lb.
PORK— Live Hors, 6c for email. WSVAc
for medium and for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 6%c: dressed Hogs, S®8Vic
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bn«r». $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bae;s. G%c; Wool Bass. 28H@S2 I 4c;
Fleece Twine, 7ttc; Fruit Bags. 6%®6S4c for
¦white and S\4@S%ic for bleached Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, IS: Seattle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8; Co-operative Wallsend,
{S; Cumberland. {12 In bulk and (13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg£. $14; Cannel. $11
per ton: Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and US In
sacks; Castle Gate and Rock Springs, $s 45 per
2C00 pounds.
SUGAR— Another advance Is noted. The
Western Susar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. In 100-lb tuiKs: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 6.20c; Powdered. 5.80c: Candy Granu
lated, 5.80c; Pry Granulated, 5.70c; Confection
ers' A, 5.70c; Magnolia A, 5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c;
Golden C, 5.10c: barrels, 10c more; half-harrel.«,
25c more; boxes, 5>Oc more; 50-lb bacs, 10c
more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Us equivalent. . Domlnos, half-barrels,
6.45c; boxes, 6.70c per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
MONDAY, JULY 18.
Flour, tjr sks.<. 23,160
Wheat - ctls ..... 5,320
Barley, ctls ....-4.2SO
Oats, Ctls 1,800
Oats, Or., ctls.. 420
Butter, ctls .... .. 290]
Cheese, 'ctls * 15'
Tallow,, ctls 890
Chicory, bbls .... 15!
Lime, bbls 273!
Quicksilver, flks. 84'
Sugar; bbls .... 101
Sugar, ska 2,900
Wine, gals 61.5M
Hay. tons 1.224
EggB. doz 16.200
Wool, bales 6
Straw, tons .....' 20
Raisins, bxs .... 1,400
Hides. No." 128
Pelts, bdls J2O
Onions, sks ..... 133
Bran, ska 255
Middlings, sks . £60
Potatoes, sks ... 4.&31
Beans, sks . 74
e<l, $3 10@4; Western sheep and yearlings. »3 75
@5; sheep. S3@4 50; native lambs, $4 60®6 8a;
Western lambe, $5@6 20. * .'¦' ; -
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17} 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
California Fruit Sales.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
New York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
S. Oi. T. W. T. F. 3. Mocn'« Phases:
1234567-J> Klrvt Qnarter.
if July 4.
8 9 10 11 12 13 J14^ ~ Kull Moon.
f.15 "IT "IT 18 19 20 21 July M -
22 23 24 23 26 27 28 (g. JulT 1R ,
;,J9 30 « A Ne T vr 1 M "« n -*
X& July 26.
n Time Time Time Time
o Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L. W H W . I. W
17 ... 8:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 6.S 9:51 1.3
18 ... 4:05 4.3 9:32 1.0 4:2.1 5.S 11:01 O.»
19 ... 5:25 3.9 10:26 2.2 6:10 5.9
L, W H W L. W H W
20 ... 0:11 O.B 6:48 3.9 11:25 2.7 6:03 «J>
21 ... 1:1S 0.0 8:0S 3.9 12:271 3.0 j 6:57 6.1
22... 2:17 —0.4 I'Uo 4.1 1:30 3.0? 7:52 «.l
23 ... 3:10-0.7 10:13 4.5 2:30 3.11 8:46 6.1
Steanvr.
| Destination.
| Sall». 1 Pier.
North Fork'
Columbia ..
:iIIumbol(Jt
..Portland
.IJuly 17. 12m|Pler 3
.JJuly 1J. 11 amiPler 2*
Orizaba ...
Newport ...
Ponlta
Eureka
City Janeiro
Snnta Itosa
Walla W..
Coos Bay...
.[Humboldt
.IN. Y. v. Pan.
.'Pin P»1rn.
.IHumboldt
>|China&Japan
ijsas di<>^o
.'Victoria
. ! Newport
.(July IT. 2 pm Pier »
.Uuly 13, 12 m!PMS3
JJuly IS. » am. Pier It
. IJuly 19. 3 pmlPter 13
vJuly 19. 1 pmjPMSS
. iJuly ?). 9am(PlerU
JJuly 10. 11 amlP1«r 3
JJuly n. 9 am'PJe» 11
Arcata
State of Cal
Ohio
Pt. Arena..
Corona.
.!Coo3 Bay
1 ! Portland
. iCape Nome...
.'Point Arena..
.jSan DIeso
. I July 22. 12 m!P1er 13
.'July 22. 11 azniPler 2t
.IJuly 23 1
JJuly S3. 2 pm'Pler 3
JJuly 24. 11 am!Pl»r 11
fteamer.
From.
I Due.
-
Coptic '
Australia
Ohio '
Tellus ;
'China and Japa
IHonolulu
'Seattle
| Oyster Harbor..
in July 17
'July IT
IJuly IS
July iS
Santa Rosa
Krr.-lr- '
Hiam I
Kureka
Aztec I
(San I>i-ico
.ICooa Bav
[Oyster Harbor..
IHumboldt
• INanalmo
'July 14
IJuJt H
!July IS
U
July 19
Crescent Clty...i
State of Cal '
Washtsnaw
.iCrescent City...
.(Portland
.tTacoma
IJuly 19
July 19
July 19
Fr.igreao
Colon
Coos Bay j
¦ iTaccma '..'.'.
.New York
.[Newport
July »
July 2r>
July 20
Arcata
Point Arena
.Coos Eay
.iPolnt Ar»na
'....ijuly S>
jJuly ?>
Orizaba I
Uxr.atilla
Pel Norte
Czarina
Warfleld
Titanla
Wellington
Victoria
Corona
North Fork '
[Hunibnldt ,
. Victoria
. Portland
. Oyster Harbor.
. jOyster Harbor.
.iNanaimo
. Comox
.(Oyster Harbor.
.(Pan Dt<?Rf>
.IHumboldt
, .JJuly W
jJuly 21
July 21
Uuiy 21
~...!Jnly 21
IJuly Zl
IJuly 21
July tl
July 22
tjuly n
S. Oi. T. W. T. F. 3. Mocn'« Phases:
1234567-J> Klrvt Qnarter.
if July 4.
8 9 10 11 12 13 J14^ ~ Kull Moon.
f.15 "IT "IT 18 19 20 21 July M -
22 23 24 23 26 27 28 (g. JulT 1R ,
;,J9 30 « A Ne T vr 1 M "« n -*
X& July 26.
Steanvr.
| Destination.
| Sall». 1 Pier.
North Fork'
Columbia ..
:iIIumbol(Jt
..Portland
.IJuly 17. 12m|Pler 3
.JJuly 1J. 11 amiPler 2*
Orizaba ...
Newport ...
Ponlta
Eureka
City Janeiro
Snnta Itosa
Walla W..
Coos Bay...
.[Humboldt
.IN. Y. v. Pan.
.'Pin P»1rn.
.IHumboldt
>|China&Japan
ijsas di<>^o
.'Victoria
. ! Newport
.(July IT. 2 pm Pier »
.Uuly 13, 12 m!PMS3
JJuly IS. » am. Pier It
. IJuly 19. 3 pmlPter 13
vJuly 19. 1 pmjPMSS
. iJuly ?). 9am(PlerU
JJuly 10. 11 amlP1«r 3
JJuly n. 9 am'PJe» 11
Arcata
State of Cal
Ohio
Pt. Arena..
Corona.
.!Coo3 Bay
1 ! Portland
. iCape Nome...
.'Point Arena..
.jSan DIeso
. I July 22. 12 m!P1er 13
.'July 22. 11 azniPler 2t
.IJuly 23 1
JJuly S3. 2 pm'Pler 3
JJuly 24. 11 am!Pl»r 11
fteamer.
From.
I Due.
-
Coptic '
Australia
Ohio '
Tellus ;
'China and Japa
IHonolulu
'Seattle
| Oyster Harbor..
in July 17
'July IT
IJuly IS
July iS
Santa Rosa
Krr.-lr- '
Hiam I
Kureka
Aztec I
(San I>i-ico
.ICooa Bav
[Oyster Harbor..
IHumboldt
• INanalmo
'July 14
IJuJt H
!July IS
U
July 19
Crescent Clty...i
State of Cal '
Washtsnaw
.iCrescent City...
.(Portland
.tTacoma
IJuly 19
July 19
July 19
Fr.igreao
Colon
Coos Bay j
¦ iTaccma '..'.'.
.New York
.[Newport
July »
July 2r>
July 20
Arcata
Point Arena
.Coos Eay
.iPolnt Ar»na
'....ijuly S>
jJuly ?>
Orizaba I
Uxr.atilla
Pel Norte
Czarina
Warfleld
Titanla
Wellington
Victoria
Corona
North Fork '
[Hunibnldt ,
. Victoria
. Portland
. Oyster Harbor.
. jOyster Harbor.
.iNanaimo
. Comox
.(Oyster Harbor.
.(Pan Dt<?Rf>
.IHumboldt
, .JJuly W
jJuly 21
July 21
Uuiy 21
~...!Jnly 21
IJuly Zl
IJuly 21
July tl
July 22
tjuly n
n Time Time Time Time
o Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L. W H W . I. W
17 ... 8:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 6.S 9:51 1.3
18 ... 4:05 4.3 9:32 1.0 4:2.1 5.S 11:01 O.»
19 ... 5:25 3.9 10:26 2.2 6:10 5.9
L, W H W L. W H W
20 ... 0:11 O.B 6:48 3.9 11:25 2.7 6:03 «J>
21 ... 1:1S 0.0 8:0S 3.9 12:271 3.0 j 6:57 6.1
22... 2:17 —0.4 I'Uo 4.1 1:30 3.0? 7:52 «.l
23 ... 3:10-0.7 10:13 4.5 2:30 3.11 8:46 6.1
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
WILL SELL TO-DAY (TUESDAY. July 17.)
at U o'clock a. m.. GROCERIES. GROCF.RIES.
Liquors and Cigars, southeast corner of 'Web-
ster and U~ury sts. Sale positive this day.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
i^> AUCTiO.S ! £r*
TUESDAY. July 17. 10O). at 10:30 a. m. Two
carloads fine horses. Outside horres soM on
commission. $1 per hea-1. OCCIDENTAL
HOUSE EXCHANGE. 721 HOWARD ST.
W. O. LAYNO. Auctioneer.Further Time Granted.
Bperlal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 16.— At a meeting
of the State Board of Ecualizatlon to
night ten days' extension was granted
Santa Cruz and "Solo counties in which to
further examine their assessment rolls.
The time of the hearing of the Randsburg
Railroad was changed to the 20th Inst.
and that of the 9anta Fe. Southern Cal
ifornia and San Joaquin Valley^ railroads
to theU9th Inst
Chautauquan Assembly Opens.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 16.— The twenty
first annual assembly of the Pacific Coast
Chautauqua opened to-night with a
musical programme. The formal conven
ing of the assembly will take place to
morrow morning, when the president, Dr.
K. McClish. cf the University of the-Pa
cific, will open-' the two weeks' session of
classes, forum hours, and lecture periods.
CANNON SEES NO NEED
OF AN EXTRA SESSION
WASHINGTON. July lG.-Representa
tlve Cannon of Illinois, chairman of the
House Committee on Appropriations,
when asked to-day if there would be an
extra session of Congress, said:
"That is for the President to say, but I
hardly see-'S.ny occasion for It yet. The
first thing to do Is to learn who is respon
sible for this trouble. When this Is set
tled we may be In a position to say
whether or not we are to have a war
with China. The present law limits the
number of troops to 100,000, and without
action by Congress there could be no In
crease of the army beyond that force.
But In case of emergency there are provi
sions of the statute which give the
President means of raising 1 funds to meet
the necessities of the case. There Is am
ple money to carry out whatever course
may become necessary, and you may
rest assured the money will be made
available. If there is any emergency
need of troops we have a large force . la
the Philippines which would be drawn
upon."
OAKLAND. July 16.— In anticipation of
possible disturbances on the water front
because of a strike of longshoremen, po
licemen were put on watch to-night at
Adams' wharves. To-day the notice from
the Longshoremen's Union that laborers
should receive f 2 50 a day for nine hours;
work went Into effect. The rate has been
$2 for ten hours' work. Several of the
lumber dealers refused to meet the de
mand. At the Humboldt- Lumber Com
pany's yard half a dosen men walked out
and seven laborers employed by E. B. &
A. L. Stone went on strike. At the Puget
Sound Lumber Company's yards the raise
was allowed while vessels now at docks
are being discharged. The men affected
are not steadily employed. The.y claim
that they had given ample notice of the
demand for a raise.
"The lumber dealers will not recognize
the demand permanently," said E. B.
Stone to-night. "We have voluntarily
rsilsed our men from $1 n> a day to »2. and
that we consider Is sufficient wage3 for
the labor. I do not apprehend any
trouble, as I am satisfied the matter will
be settled In a day or two. The men who
quit are not regular employes. They are
picked up along the water front whenever
there Is work to be done. The men who
struck are not skilled handlers of cargo.
The lumbermen have asked for a nine
hour day at $4." *
POLICE KEEP WATCH ON
STRIKING LONGSHOREMEN
"WASHINGTON, July 16.— The following
cablegram was received at the War De
partment to-day from General MacAr
thur:
"MANILA, July 16.— Adjutant General.
Washington: Transport Indiana sailed
yesterday for China with twenty-one offi
cer?, Including two medical, £47 men of the
Fourteenth Regiment. United States In
fantry; one officer, thirty men, Ninth
United States Infantry; William Crozier,
ordnance officer, one ordnance sergeant,
one chaplain, sixteen hospital corps men;
Flintshire, with seven officers, 271 men;
Rellly's battery; two medical officers, flve
hospital corps men, fully equipped.
"MACARTHUR."
Another cablegram from General Mac-
Arthur announced the sailing for the
United States from Manila of the trans
port Sherman with a capacity for 2000
troops.^:; '
Sperry Mills Damaged.
SALINAS, July 16.— The Sperry flour
mill In this city had a narrow escape this
aftornoon from total destruction. Fire
broke out about 3 o'clock on the top floor
and spread rapidly. The" fire department
answered quickly, but had to lay nearly
half a mile of hose and pump by suction I
from the lagoon. The fire was finally con- i
trolled. The loss will • be large. The
Sperry mill has a capacity of 300 barrels
a day. The fire probably originated on i
the roof of the building. >. \j
INDIANA SAILS WITH
TROOPS FROM MANILA
Cruelty Alleged.
OAKLAND, July IS.— Suit has been
commenced bv Kliza M. Loonier for a di
vorce from Frank C. Loonier on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
SERIOUS FALL OF A
PROMINENT RANCHER
OAKLAND. July 16.— Jefferson McKIn
ney, an aged farmer of Haywards, fell
fronva tree in his orchard to-day, receiv
ing probably fatal Injuries. Dr. A. J.
Dean attended the rancher, but could give
little hope for his ' recovery. McKInney
had been 111 for some time, and In his
weakened condition the shock alone pro
duced serious results. The Injured farm
er has resided many years in Eden Town
ship.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 16.
George Herbert Simpson, the 20-year-o!d
'son of Peter George Simpson of 2426 Ful
ton Ftreet, Berkeley, was declared Insane
to-day by Drs. Ewer and Dunn, acting as
a Board of Lunacy Commissioners, and
later committed by Judge Greene to the
State Insane Asylum at Stockton.
I The case of young Simpson Is that of an
| exceptionally bright mind wrecked :
j through overstudy and illness". At 14 years :
( cf age Simpson had completed a course
at the Berkeley High School and was pre
pared to enter the State University. He
was especially well versed in Latin. Greek
! and th" classics. His weak constitution,
however, was unable to stand the strain. I
and it was found necessary for him to dis
continue his studies for a time. He was
i eent to the country, in the hope that with
i plenty of recreation and fresh air he
| would soon rally. An attack of fever, how- ]
ever, completed the breaking down of his
, mental faculties. The vour.g man never
; regained full possession of his reason and
¦ has fince been subject to delusions of vrf-
I rious kinds. One of the vagaries of his j
j mind ls= that there is a Spanish lady wait- i
I Ing at his bedside every morning, threat
j ening to do him injury. His talk is Inco
j berent and Is of a philosophical trend.
George Simpson, Brilliant
Young Scholar, Sent to
a Madhouse.
TOO MUCH STUDY
WRECKS MIND OF
TALENTED YOUTH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 16.
While working on a thrasher near
Mount Eden to-day John Krancis was
caught in the teeth of a cog cylinder and
one leg was drawn Into the swiftly re
volving machine. That the unfortunate
man was not ground to doath in a horfisjit
manner was due to his presence of mtnd.
Despite the Intense pain and the peril
of his position, Francis, by main strength,
managed to free himself from the clutches
of the steel teeth and to save himself
j from being drawn between the grinding
wheels of the swiftly running machine.
So severe was the shock that no sooner
had the farmer freed himself than he col
lapsed and fell unconscious to the ground.
j Assistance was speedily at hand and
Francis was taken to Haywards, where
Dr. Dean operated upon the badly man
gled limb. Whother amputation shall be
necossary cannot be determined for sev
eral days. Francis was so prostrated by
his suffering that severe surgical work
was out of the question until the effect of
the fhock shall have passed off to some
j extent.
Francis had been oiling: some of the run
' nine gear of the thrasher when he slipped.
Ills' overalls were caught in the cogs and
before he could cry a warning one leg
was crushed and he was In immediate
danger of having his body horribly
ground In the heavy machinery. The leg
was crushed and bones were broken as
if on a rock. He suffered .seriouslv from
hemorrhage from the ugly wounds, and
this combined with the severe shock
served to greatly weaken him.
After the physicians had rendered all
needful present assistance Francis was
removed to his home in Decoto. He has
a family dependent upon him.
Misstep of Farmer John
Francis Causes Him
Serious Injury.
CRUSHED IN THE
HEAVY COGS OF
A BIG THRASHER
WILL RUN TWO MIDWEEK
STAKES AT UNION PARK
Drawings for the Reserve and Special
Reserve Meetings Which Will
Furnish. Two Days' Sport.
Contrary to a previous announcement,
the Union Coursing Park Association will
run two reserve stakes this week, the
customary one on Wednesday and. a spe
cial one on Thursday. Trains will leave
both days at 10:15 a. m. The drawings
were held last night at Pythian Castle.
The entries for the Wednesday meeting
are:
T J. Mcln?rney's Johnnny R vs. O'Neill &
Hanrahan's Bonnie Me; Russell. Wilson & Al
len's Julius Caesar vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pa
sha; Gus Abercromble"s Rock Island King vs.
\VC Glasson's Santonin; Lande & Gerber's
Mount Ida vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle, r.
Dincle's Storm King: vs. F. A. Mc<?omb'B Mot
to- J U. Ross" J L. R vs. B. Si|va> Re-Annex;
M* London's Magneto vs. P. Mc?Cabe"s Kair
Lily J. X. Woods Cliff Wilson vs. J. H. Peri
go's'Lady Davenport: E. & R. Scotfs Lord By
ron vs T. J. Mclnerney's Nora; \V. C. Olaa
son's Sleigh-Bells vs. JefT Martinett's Slim; H.
Lyon's One Spot vb. Harrigan & WteganiJ's
Overtur" J J Kennedy's Fortunate Choice vs.
F Schoii's' Kings Borderer: Bartels Bros.'
Baron Blood vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist:
R E de B. tiopez & Son's Diablo v«. J. J.
Keenan's Royal Oak; J. J. Kenney's Winnins
LoBsle vs. Curtis & Son's Warpath; C. Hon
ner's Wild Nora vs. T. l>oganE Ml?s Grizzle;
R E de B Lopez & Son'* Peplta vs. R. L.
Taylor's Beauty Spot; J. Dixon's Lady Bess
vy T J Mclnerney's Regina H:>O. Shannon's
Safeguard vb. A.' Massey's Hadlwlst; Usorgre
Sharman's Walt-n-BIt v.«. f , Carroll's Red
Hind- Russell. Wilson & Allen'* Miss Wilson
v«- Russell Wilson & Allen's Victor Boy; Kay
bVos ' Hawker vs. Captain Clarkson"s Flower
of Gold; Curtis & Son's War Eaple vs. J. R.
Smith's Victor Queen; Walsh & Hrenan's S&e
rumento Boy vs A. Van den Bench's Naughty
Girl- E Geary's America vs. Captain Cane's
Statesman; M. Mlchllikl's Terronlte vs. P. Mc-
Cabe's Boney Boy; E. M. Kellogg's Hummer
vs I* Rellly's Master Mat; D. Winders names
Lundi'n Links vs. J. . Carroll 1 * Auckland; A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. J. Holden s Scottish
Chief- V. Brophy's Lord Hastings vs. Aeneld
Kennels 1 Apmettinon; Pa*ha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs M. Dunlea's Erin; Pasha Kennels'
KollScklnK A!r» vs. P McCabe's Sky Blue.
Thursday special reserve stake— H. Lynch's
Game Cock vs. H. Lynch's L£vona; Ix>we &
Thomp?on's Cora Pearl vs, Kusselt, V% llson
& Allen's Scotland Yet;' Jeff Martinetfs Bill
Foster vs. Russell, Wilson & Allen's Sea
Hree«- T. Locan'B Leah vs. Lande & Gerb&r's
Concord- J. Seggerson's Oold Hill vs. George
Sharman's St. Valentine: Lowe & Thompsons
Little Fullerton vs. J. McNIoholl'* Frosty
Morn- J. J. Edmond's Go On vs. J. H. W.
Muller's Cruiser; J. H. W. Muller's Moonstone
vs J Carroll's Columbia; Bartels Bros.' Best
Brand vs J. Potter's Remus; II. Lynch's Era
ma M vs. P. Doyle's White Fern: E. Casser
lv's Pilence vs. P. C. Bllx's Real Glory: H.
Lynch's Clalrbourne vs. Neill B*skt's Bo Peep;
J L Ross' Wautaues vs. T. Cooney's Sweet
Favordale; P. Rothman's Justice, vs. J. Car
rol'* Blue Stone; I). B. Wiley 1 8 Buckles vs.
W 'Cairn's Imperial; J: Stark's Thunderbolt
vs' Bartels Bros.' Best Bargain; R. K. de B.
Lopez & " Son's Wattlebark v». Kelly &
Hanley's Baby King; J. Sutton's Glen Anne
vs W Creamer's Je^W Moore; J. J. Ed
mond's Whiskey Hill vs. < Pasha -Kennel*'
Rather Artful: T. Jones' Hariean Gladys vs.
T Cooney's Modesty: \V. | C. • Glosson'e Curi
osity vs. George Nethercott's Ruby R; J. Col
lins' Richmond King vs. J. M. Holton's Tic
Tac J. Keenan's Connemaugh vs. D. , To
land's Twilight Jr.; Pasha. Kennel's Run
Amuck vs. P. E. Wiley's Buck: E. M. Kel
log"B Lady Gllmore vs. George Sharman's St.
Ives; A. Barron'a Rocklin Belle vs. Georpo
Sharman's Andy Lawrence: J. Byrne's
Olympus vs. H. Lynch's Cotton Ball; P. C.
Bllx's Advance Guard vs. . D. Toland'* Hard
Lines; D. Ford's Bonlta vs. H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn; C. Grou's Martha Washington
vs. H. II. Gray's Commander: James H.
Klein's Coronado vs. Georse Xethercott's No-
Wonder; J. Carrol's Erin's Hope vs. Pasha
Kennel's Rose Atwood.
A special coursing: match took place
yesterday morning between T. Tierney's
Tea Rose and J. H. '-.W. Muller's. Cruiser.
TekgTams Aiso Introduced in an
Effort to Prove Him Guilty
of Goebel's Murder.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. July IS.-When
the trial of former Secretary of State Ca-
Itb Powers, chained with being' accessory
to the Goebel murder, was resumed thi?
morning a letter signed by Cateb Powers.
in which the exxwesston was used. "I have
had a hard time cettir.s Taylor and others
to ?*.art. but tht-y are all right now and
this thir.g will soon end." was filed and
made a part'of the record.
Jam»-f= Esgleston of Frankfort was or
flered to bring ir.to court the railroad reg
ister showing the time of arrival and de
parture of trains at Frankfort the day of
the assassination. The purpose of this is
to contradict the claim of the defense that
Jim Howard; who is alleged to have fired
the shot; arrived after the assassination.
The defense objected to several tele
prams that w-=Te introduced in evidence
because th*>y v.ere only copies. The ob
jection was overruled. The first tele
prams read were from Powprs to the va
rious captains charged with the business
of pptiing u\t the excursion of mountain
nr'n to Frankfort; and most of them read:
¦'How many can you insure from your
county? Wire immediately. C. Powers."
A recess was then taken.
FRANCHISE ASSESSMENTS
IN STOCKTON UPHELD
attorney Pillsbury Says the Tele
phone Company Will Leave the
State to Escape Taxes.
STOCKTON*. July lS.-The Board of
nasalization to-day sustained Assessor
Ortman'8 ax-tion in valuing: the jras and
electric company'? franchise at $130,000,
the street railroad company's franchise
at KSjOM and the Sunset Telephone Com-
iianv's franchise at $5ft.00n.
_\Vhen Attorney E. S. Pillsbury of San
i- rancisro appeared befrre fie board to
urge a reduction of the assessment of the
tp'.Tiione company on its franchise from
(56,000 to 18000 he said the action of As
pessor Dodge of San Francisco in raising
the franchise assessment of the telephoi.v.
company to HUDQ9JMA had driven the cor
poration to another State for Its corporate
bom* 1 . The corporation is erecting a home
in Portland, Or., and will incorporate in
thm Stat*-, where they do not tax fran
chisee. This, he Eays. will mean the re
moval of jOj people from San Kraxicisco.
CLOSE FIGHT IN IDAHO.
POCATELLO. Idaho. July 16.— Tho
State convention of the Democratic, Sil
ver Republicans end Populist parti's will
assemble here to-morrow. It is claimed
a fusion will be effected and that all
three parties will support the same can
didates for State offices and the same
electors for Brian and Stevenson.
There are, however, several delicate
Questions at issue. Principal among them
Is that cf nominating a candidate for
fnif-d States Senator to succeed Sena
tor Shoup. Governor Steunenberg, who
is a candidate for the Senate, opposes the
plan. The Democratic supporters of ex
/>nator I>ubo!s< and nil the Silver Repub
¦•jins are urginp that a Senator be nom
«.;ated. The fight is v< ry close and both
eidos* claim they will win. Dubois con
. fidently aspects to be nominated If that
plan Is adopted.
His Silver Republican supporters claim
there will be no fupion if the plan fails.
Other qudtloni arc overshadowed by this
one. but the Coeur d'Al<-ne Populists have
¦ d»H-lared there shall be no fusion it Sleun-
is not denounced. Many other
Pcpuli5ts are supporters of the Governor.
John T. Ofbcrr.e, Democratic national
commStte«man from Wyoming': D. C.
I>'jnbar from TTtah. and General J. B.
"Weaver of Iowa arc here, it is said, in.
the interest of Dubois.
INJURED AT A FIKE.
CHICAGO, July is.— Mne persons were
Injured, one fatally, by falling walls in a
fir? raused by lishtnine to-night at Michl
gan stre<-t and Dearborn avenue. Fire
man Robert Mcar.y will die.. The total
dsrnaRe amount? to nearly $200,000. Henry
Vehsjeyer & Co.. proprietors of the
bro<i!n corn factory, estimated their loss
at 1150.409 and J. Dreyfus & Co., furriers,
at $30,000.
Chautauquans at Long Beach.
LONG BEACH, July 15.— The fifteenth
annual sr-gsion of the Long Beach Chau
t:»i:<, ..'i opened here to-nipht. A larg^e
atiiP -T.ee Is In attendance. Addresses of
wJ ¦ me were made by Mayor C. W. Walk
er *. br-half of the city and by Rev.
Charles Pease en behalf of the churches.
President A. L. Hamilton responded. A
grand concert, under the direction of W.
J. Chick, was given. Eminent scholars
from all parts of the United States are
present and will take part in the exer
cises Curing the coming week.
LETTER BY POWERS IS
PLACED IN EVIDENCE
ON EASTEBN TRACKS.
A Close Finish. Between Sim "W and
Pope Leo at Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 16.— Sim W and Pope
Leo had a. haJr-ralsing finish in the fourth
race, and it required the closest scrutiny
on the part of tha judges to spearate
them. Weather clear; track fast. Re
sults:
First race, one mile — Dissolute won. Mr.
Brown second, MJdwood third. Time. 1:41.
Second race, five furlones— Likeness won,
¦Princess Tatyana second, Fancywood third.
Third 'race, one mile and a quarter— Arthur
Behan won, The Bobby second. Espionage
third. Time. !:0«*i. £*
Fourth race, six furlongs — Sim W won. Pope
Leo second. The Pride third. Time. 1:13.
FlftU race, one mile— La Veca won, Tom
GaneyVcond, Crane third. Time. 1:41%.
Sixth race, one mile— George Kratz won. Sam
McKeever second, Kinstein third. Time. 1:40?.*.
ST. LOUIS, July 16.— Track sloppy. Re
sulte:
First race mix furtonrs — Kildarlle won. Man
damus second, Wlnnebejour third. Time. 1:1S>4.
Second race, six and a half furlongp— Llbble
won. Early Bird second. King lied third. Time,
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Walkenshaw won. Ransom second. Impe
rious third. Time. 1:32.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, purse
— Charlie OTJrien won. The Monk second.
Ftrarigest third. Time, 1:52>4-
Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs — Dave
Waldo won. Theory second. Hi Kollar third.
Time. 1:17.
Sixth race, five and a half furlones. purse —
Birdie Stone won. Queen Dlxon second. Am
phere third. Time, 1:11%.
MONTREAL. .July 16.— Weather show
ery, track heavy* at BellaJr. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Daryl won. Royal
Salute second. King Elkwood third. Time,
l:27*i.
Second race, four furlongs— Mls'tlgrl won. Mil
itant second. Daisy Chain-third. Time. :55^,.
Third race six furlongs— Hie Away won. The
Benedict second. Matlock third. Time, UZJ\.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— The
Flatterer won. Matanzas second. Terminus
third. Time. 1:04.
Fifth race, one mile — Hungarian won, Poor
lanris second, Highland Prince third. Time,
Pixth race, six furlongs— Brother Fred won.
Miss Alfarrow second. Jessie Jarboe third.
Time, l:25&.
NEW YORK, July 16.— Results at Brigh
ton Beach: *-£Z'S°£'-
First race, hurdle handicap, mile and three
quarters—Klondike won, Protus second, Hardy
Pai-dee third. Time, 3:22.
Second race, selllnK. five furlonps— Cherries
won. Screech second, Anna Darling thlrO.
T Third' race.' one mile-Prince McClurs won,
Rlnaldo second, Toluca third. Time. 1:40 3-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlones—Maxl
mus won. Baron Tepper second. Minion third.
Fifth race, selling one mile and a sixteenth—
Candleblack won. General Mart Gary second,
Wooster Boy third. Time. 1:45 3-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Sir Christopher won,
Touraine second. Prestidigitator third. Time,
1:131-5.
WjlP. 'Wasrstaff, a prominent official of
the East Indian Railway, with headquar
ters at Bombay, arrived on the Coptic yes
terday en route to London and is stopping
at the Occidental. The gentleman was not
inclined to talk much about the famine
conditions In India, but acknowledged that
they were bad. - i
"There is no denying the unhappy con
ditions existing there," said he. "but they
are no worse than they have been before.
This, however, does not better the situa
tion. The most serious phase of the fam
ine at this time is the continued absence
of rain at a time when It should be plen
tiful. The regular rainy season begins In
June and lasts until October. Thus far
this year the rains have not come, and If
there should be another year of drought
It Is hard to say what would happen. The
situation would be decidedly grave.
"This failure of the crops does not affect
the whole country, but is confined to the
central and western portions. - Crops will
be produced in the other districts, but the
burden on these more prosperous sections
will be great, to say the least. Plenty of
rain is all that will prevent a dire Increase
In the present great evils of the famine.
We can only hope the rains will come."
The railroad ot' which Mr. Wagstaflj is
an official is. he declares, the only one of
its kind In the world. It is operated and
owned by the Government, has Its own
coal mines and transports "goods and per
sons" cheaper than any other railroad In
creation, at the same time paying a good
Interest on the Investment. The line is
1800 miles long and does a tremendous
business, especially In freight hauling.
Passenger travel is very heavy, and third
class passengers, who constitute DO per
cent of the total carried, are transported
for one-third of a cent per mile. The first
class passengers, who constitute the other
10 per cent, are charged about the same
as in this country. -
W. P. Wagstaff, of the East Indian
Railway, Says Tliat the Out
look Is Becoming Very
Ominous. "
June Rains Failed and Now
Still Greater Alarm
Is^Felt.
INDIAN FAMINE
THREATENS MORE
SERIOUS EVILS
SURGEON General George M. Stern
berg of the United States Army ar
rived in the city yesterday and is at
the Palace. His appearance here is
for the the Inspection of the military hos
pital at the Presidio.
"My journey will extend no farther
west than this city," said the general. "I
am on a tour of inspection of the princi
pal hospitals of the country, and will
start for W*ashington in a few days."
In reply to a question as to the condl
tion and facilities of the hospital service
in this country and in the Philippines Gen
eral Sternberg said:
"At the outbreak of the war with Spain
we had a corps of army surgeons calcu
lated only for an army of 25.000 men. and
the requirements had to be met by em
ploying contract surgeens from the ranks
of civilians. In the regular army these
numbered 407, or more than twice the
number of regulars. In addition to this
each volunteer regiment had three doc
tors, «.o we were enabled to handle the
work readily. We have a large hospital
supply depot in this city and one in New
York." From the latter shipments are made
by way ci the Suez Canal. The depot
here, however, i* the most important, and
we are fully equipped for all demands that
may be made upon this department.
Wherever there is a movement of troops
there is alwavs a full stock of medical
supplies and the required surgeons.
"At the Presidio of San Francisco is
located the most important hospital in
the country, and it is one of the largest,
most modern and best equipped in
stitution? of its kind ever constructed.
This receives the 6ick soldiers from the
Philippines, and they are given the best
attention possible, and when convalescent
are placed in the convalescent regiments
until tuch time as they are discharged for
sent back to their own regiments.
"In Fort Bayard. New Mexico, the Gov
ernment has a new hospital for consump
tives. It is situated 5000 feet above the
sea level and offers the best conditions
possible for fighting this dread disease.
The institution has been but recently
opened, and on my visit there a fe%v day?
ago there wore ninety patients. In Hot
Springs, Arkansas, is located the army
and navy general hospital, and there is
the national hospital at Washington, D.
C, besides those at each army post.
•'As to the Philippines, the facilities are
all that are required. We have several
large hospitals there with the most mod
ern improvements, both as to scientific
appliances, trained nurses and supplies.
They are equal to any demands that may
be made upon them. The Chinese troubles
have also called for prompt attention. 1
have a dispatch that has not yet been
made public in which the chief surgeon at
Manila notifies me that he hassent a 300
bc-d I'.eld hospital to China and medical
supplies for 6000 men for three months.
In addition to this the hospital ship Re
lief, the best of its kind afloat, has been
dispatched to Taku. She has a full corps
of doctors and nurse?, and is in command
of Surgeon Major Perley. Our hospital
service is thoroughly modern in every
respect, and, so far as capacity la con
cerned, is fully prepared to care for the
sick and wounded soldiers of our armies,
wherever they may be."
When told* of • the fatalities among
American troops In the attack upon
Tientsin, reported yesterday by cable,
General Sternberg was visibly affected,
and remarked:
"Jf we had 5000 of our soldiers there
now they would settle that trouble at
Tientsin promptly."
Surgeon General George Miller Stern
berg oejran his career as assistant sur
geon In the t.'nion army in May, 1S61, anJ
served with distinction throughout the
war. He was In the Indian wars, and
came to the Department of California in
1S81, being assigned to Fort Mason. Ho
remained in this city until 1S32.
General Sternberg will be given a re
ception this evening in the Maple Hal!
of the Palace* by Colonel Forward, chief
surgeon of the Department of California.
Invitations have been sent to one hundred
ladies and gentlemen. Refreshments will
be served and dancing will follow.
Ready for the Campaign.
OAKLAND. July 16.— Admiral Dewey
Camp No. 19. Army and Navy Republican
League, has changed its name to McKin-
Jey Camp. Meetings will be held Saturday"
rights at Fraternal Hall during the Pres
idential campaign. George A. Norton has
been elected lieutenant colonel. E. G. Per
kins major and A. S. Ormsby adjutant.
Old soldiers, sens of veterans and vete
rans of the Spanish war are eligible to
membership.
E. CRAXDEL.L is a dairyman at
4097 Eighteenth street, and George
Hayden is a partner in the YVest
ern Dairy Company. Hayden has
felt aggrieved because Crandell took some
customers from him. and while he was
driving along Devisadero street Saturdav
afternoon with one of his men met Crandell
in his wagon. As Crandell passed Hayden
shied a bottle of milk at him and ordered
his driver to pursue the rival milkman,
who. scenting danger, whipped up his
horses. The pursuit was kept up for sev
eral blocks, Hayden firing milk bottles at
Crandell. and when he drew near enough
he would fire a milk can at him. Crandell
was soon covered with milk and contu
sions. One of the milk bottles struck
Crandell on the nose, and the blood and
milk made a pleasing combination on his
face and shirt front.
Crandell appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday and swore out a warrant for
Hayden's arrest on the charge of battery.
"My nose and back." said Crandell. "are
still sore from contact with the milk bot
tles thrown by Hayden. I want him pun
ished, as the next time he meets me 1 am
afraid he will subject me to another fusil
lade. I guess some of his customers had
to get alonij without their mlik supply S*;
urday, as the most of it was scattered in
my wagon and en the roadway."
SURGEON GENEBAL GEORGE M. STERNBERG, U. S. A.
Kay Ewry of New York Breaks His
Own World's Record in the
Standing High
Jump.
-
PARIS, July 16.— Twenty-one champion
ship contests In connection with the ex
position have been decided during the last
three days, and America can boast of
winning sixteen and of securing thirteen
seconds and twelve thirds.
Xlne events took place to-day, In which
the Americans placed six first, six sec
onds and seven thirds to their credit.
They completed the 200 meter hurdle rac©
and standing high jump, three standing
jumps, the long jump, the hop, step and
Jump, th£ hammer throwing and the
standing broad jump; and they did it
easily. In fact, the facility with which
the American athletes carried off prizes
finally grew monotonous. Three events
were won by foreigners. One, the tug of
war, was not contested by the Americans.
In the SOO meters .flat race, which was
won by an Englishman, Tysoe, the Amer
icans took second and third. In the re
maining race, the 400 meters steeple
chase, they failed to get a place, the Eng
lishmen taking all three.
Kraenzlein of the University of Penn
sylvania won the first heat in the 200 me
tres hurdle race very easily in 27 seconds.
Choisel, a Frenchman, was second, and
Orton of the University of Pennsylvania
was third. Pritchard, the champion 100
yard runner of India, defeated Tewks
bury of the University of Pennsylvania in
the second heat in 2(J 3-5 seconds. T. B.
McLean of the University of Pennsylva
nia was third.
The final heat was almost a walkover
for Kraenzlein. who finished a yard ahead
of his competitors. The race for place
was vlgorouslv contested, however,
Pritchard again beating Tewksbury, who
finished third. Time, 25 2-5 seconds. Choi,
sel, the Frenchman, also ran.
Rau, a German; Molonev of Chicago
University and Remington of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania were among those
who ran in the tirst trial heat, and Tau
sin. a Frenchman; Levls of Syracuse and
McLean of the University of Pennsylva
nia contested in the second trial neat.
There were only four starters in the flna>
heat.
The three standing jumps were easily
an American event, the athletes from the
United States quickly outjumping all the
other competitors.
The same can be said of the hop. step
and jump, which followed. Prinstein ot
Syracuse University, Connelly of Boston
and Richard Sheldon of the New York
Athletic Club qualified for the finals and
jump oiT. PrlnstelH won. though Connelly
pushed him hard. The same entries com
peted in these two jumping contests, there
being besides those already mentioned
Jarvls of Pennsylvania, Orton of Prince
ton, McClaln of Michigan, Staff, Swede;
Steffen, German, and Koppan. Greek.
The SOO meters flat race brought six men
to the tape for the final heat— Cregan or
Princeton. Hall of Brown University,
John B. Ray of Williams. Tysoe. the Kngr
lishman; Speidel. a Hungarian, and l>e
Loge, a Frenchman. There was great in
terest manifested in this event, as it was
expected to be a hard contest. Such
proved to be the case until the stretch,
where Da Loge collapsed, leaving Cregan
and Tysoe to tight It out. Tysoe had the
advantage of the lead, as he made thf
running the entire race. Cregare ran
gamely, but could not overcome the Brit
isher, who finished a yard in advance.
Hall was third, some distance back.
The standing high Jump was a contest
of Americans, they being the only en
tries. Ray Ewry of the New York Ath
letic Club, who holds the record, won;
Baxter of the University of Pennsylvania
got the place from Richard Sheldon of
the New York Athletic Club.
It was then announced that Ewry would
attempt to surpass his own world's record
of 1 meter 63 centimeters. This he did on
the second attempt, clearing 1 meter t>»
centimeters. The spectators who had
gathered about the jumping stop cheered
heartily at this, performance, and when,
after a minute's rest, he cleared 1 meter
65 centimeters there was much enthusi
asm shown and the applause was vigor
ous. ¦
Win Many Events in the
International Athletic
Contests.
SUPERIOR SKILL
OF AMERICANS
AGAIN SHOWN
An organized gang of confidence men
and bunko steorcrs has beon success? ullv
operating in this city during the last two
months, the headquarters being room 5
. : the Carlton Uous-e. 405 Kearny street.
As yet the jxilice seem to be unable to
cope with me crocks. The latter eeek
their victims in the prominent hotels
tr.rougrhout the city and the proprietors
f • those places have made numerous com-
V -lints to the officers.
LJifl^rent snares are employed to entice
the- unwary to the lair of the thieves. The
latest, however, is the "Klondike gag."
A bogus doctor tigures in one case and
"innocent gmnaea of cards" cost the play
en much for their experience. Many of
the* intended victims have eluded the
crooks and uie hotel proprietors have been
using every endeavor tor the protection
c r their gu^t* 1
About two months ago T. 6. Walton of
Arizona, a guest at the Russ House, was
taKtn u> tne Carlton Ho_us*e. W'nen me
card game was commenced the door of the
roan was locked and Walton wan asked
tu produce his coin. The Arizona man
realized the character of the men he was
dealing with and promptly drew a six-
Ehooter. The thieves allowed him to go
\v!th ins money. Shortly afterward an
othtr guest of the fiiEf hotel wrio had
come to the city to be treated for rheu
matism was "steered against" a bogus
<l..<-t..r. who extorted $4^' trr.m him. YVnen
the patient found he had been victimized
he threatened the doctor with arres=t and
imcceeded in getting back $20 of the
amount lost.
O. A. Baldwin, who stopped for a time
at the Occidental Hotel, was taken to the
K<"arny-«m*<et headquarters of the con
fuitnee men three weeks ago and
•'cropped" lad. Sunday nigh: Pearl Young,
one of the proprietors of the Ruf? House,
called at the California-street Pclice Sta
tion and reported two more cases. One
was that of \V. F. Epler, whose home is
in Australia. In both the eases the guests
\v«>re accosted by a nan who claimed to
have recently arrived from the Klondike
and who Invited them to view some ?p?ci
mor.s at hi? room?. As in the other
transaction, the men were taken to the
Cmrltoa House, where they met a "colo
nel" and a "judge"' and were invited to
take a hand ta a game r<{ cards. Both
m«n Jo«=t a email amount and reported the
matter to the police.
These cases are but a few of the nu
merous bunko thefts which have been
/ mmirted in this dty within the last two
•.months.
T. S. Walton of Arizona Foils Thieves
by Drawing His Revolver and
Forcing Them to Open
the Doer.
Many Strangers Fleeced in
Kearny-Street
Den.
BOLD BUNKO
OPERATORS ROB
TRE UNWARY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, July 1<5.
Orchardists of Eden Township are much
perturbed over the rejection of a great
deal of fruit offered to the local cannera.
the objection being that the product is not
up to the standard set by the cannery
combine.
There Is a wide difference of opinion be
tween the growers ar.d the canners as to
what "constitutes "standards." Wagon
loads of fruit, peaches and apricots, have
been dumped at the canneries, only to be
turned back to the growers after tests
which it is claimed by the canners showed
the fruit to be undersized. Much fruit
was picked upon the assumption that It
would run twelve to the pound, the con
tract standard, but upon grading at tha
cannery the fruit would not hold out. It
would go from thirteen to fourteen to the
pound and would be rejected. The grow
ers claim that this is Al fruit and should
be accepted.
A large number of growers have not
tried to dry the rejected product, but hare
shipped It to San Kraneisco. where the
prevailing prices brought them from $S to
$12 a ton.
Another grievance of the growers Is the
fact that extra-sized fruit, .running eight
to the pound. Is being paid for by the ean
ners at $20 a ton only. The orcharvlsts
claim that they should receive $23 for this
grade.
The complaints have been so numerous
In the vicinity c£ San Leandro that not
a few growers are deploring the failure of
the organization which was proposed, to
turn all the product over to the associa
tion, -which was formed to handle the
State crops Independently of cannery com
binations.
Claim Advantage Is Being Taken by
the Combine of the Failure
of Orchardists to
Organize.
Growers Greatly Dissatis
fied With Treatment
They Receive.
SMALL FRUIT
REJECTED BY
THE CANNERS
George Hayden Pursues a Rival Milk
man and Angrily Bombards Him
From His Wagon.
FUSILLADE OF MILK
BOTTLES AND CANS
TALKS OF UNCLE
SAM'S HOSPITALS
>
Surgeon General Sternberg Tells of
Facilities for Handling Sick
Soldiers.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
11
DAIRYMAN BOMBARDS RIVAL WITH MILK RECEPTACLES.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
San Francisco. California.
STUDIES WILL. BE RESUMED MOSDAT.
August s. l?0O. Dolores St.. near Slxteenta.
Formerly University Academy. Alamrda. baa
been removed to Irrlnxton. Slt« of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds In-
vited. W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
AXDEftSOH ACADEMY,
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees: seminary course accredited to tha
Universities: rare opportunities offered In music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Colleen P. O.. Cat.
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aug. S. 130X
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
IQQ0 UAKKCT ST.— Actual business book-
1 Zt)U keeping-, only expert accountant t
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
POLYTECHNIC L N E E c | s
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has tbe largest and best equipped depts. in th»
West. J00 youns men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. CU.
Indian bats measure six feet across the
wings.
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and tralninc of boys and young men.
Charming surroundines. perfect climate. Tf-rh
year besins August *. Send for catalogue.
IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MISS M. G, BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
3CS Montron-.ery st.. San Tranclsco. Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. "
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Pay School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar and Smith Collect*.
SARAH D. HAML.IX. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and flay school fcr young ladles. «:j
California «.. will reopen August 9, 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for children: carriaire will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOt.
for the university, law and medical col-
leges", references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan bulldinar.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAX JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAT.
Aucust T. 190O.
NEWSPAPER ftSizniH
IUustration. PARTIXGTOX'S resumes August
1. T>ajr and nt<rht classes. Apply R. I*. PART-
IKGTO.V. iU Pine gt.. S. F.
ST. MATTHEW'S "SBfc.
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
Bearding- and Day School for Glr!s — 253S Chai-
ning way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium; accredited to Unlver-
*lty of California, Stanford University, Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6. 1300.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymr.astuss. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM UEOIKS ACGrST 14TIL
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: nas &
national reputation, «m1 was one of the few
rchcols selected to represent tbe development
cf commercial education at the Paris Expcsl-
tlon; over 17.000 irraduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In position*; 25 teachers: opea th« entira
year; new SO-pag^ catalogue free^
Tea Rose was an easy winner and Tler-
ney came out of the race with $23 added
to his account.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1900.
12
KL, ATS TO LET.
GEARY. 813%— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35; water free. Apply LANDKl t-~
BAB1N. 413 Kearny St.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
IVY AVE.. 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
MISSION. 1515, nr. 11th— 2 flats, 6 sunny rooms;
bath, laundry; rent $18 up.
NEW lower flat, 5 rooms and bath. 1123B
Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
RENT very cheap; four or five sunny rooms.
515 Thirteenth St.. near Market.
SACRAMENTO, . 122(5%— $~: flat of 7 BUnn y
rooms and bath.
$10— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st.. oft Market, near Valencia.
$S— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. E10
Castro st.
$12—5 ROOMS andvbath; in good repair. 1718A
Leavenworth st.
$lS-6 SUNNY rooms, bath, 176 Julian ave. ; $35—
8 sunny roome. bath, stable, etc. 154 Julian
ave.. near Sixteenth st.
FURMTUKE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with N. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED~WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furalture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3358.
UELI' WA.VTED-FKMALB.
A— COOK and second girl, same house, Sausa-
lito. $25 and $20; 4 German cooks, city, $oo and
130; 2 German cooks, $25 each; pastry cook,
hotel, city, $35; housework. Santa Roea. *2o;
Alameda, $25; Mill Valley. *25. and several
other towns; 20 houseglrls. city, $15 to $2»; 10
chambermaids and waitresses, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; second girl for Alameda. $2o.
MISS CULLEN. 335 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE Q 832T
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
3 waitresses, Capitola, $20. free fare both
ways; waitress, Santa Cruz, free fare; 2 wait-
resses, Pacific Grove, free fare; 6 waitresses,
different eprlngs, $20 and $25; 11 waitresses,
very best commercial hotels, $20 and $2a, near-
ly all of them fares paid; 2 waitresses, city,
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20: woman cook,
city, $30; Oerraan cook, few boarders, coun-
try, $25, see party here; labeler, country, Al
wages, see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 friends or sisters to co Saturday to cook
on ranches near together, $25, see party here;
houseglrl, Grass Valley, $25 and fare paid,
good home; cook for men. $25 and fare; 25
housegirls, city and country, $10 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary St.
COOK and second or mother and daughter, pri-
vate family, country, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Pastry cook for private boardlng-
house, nice place, $-i5; cook and second girl,
same house, $25 and $20; 1" French nurse, 2
German nurses, 2 other nurse and second
girls, each $20; 10 chambermaids and wait-
resses for springs, hotels and resorts and
city, family hotelB, $20; 2 cooks on farms, no
wash, $25; 4 cooks, American and German
families, J30; a largo number of girls for gen-
eral housework In city and country at $25.
Apply to J. E\ CROSETT, 316 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Laundress, country hotel, $25;
chambermaid, same place, 520, fare paid. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Wlay st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; need not
cook. Call 1\31 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker wanted;
wages no object. &09 Kearny St., room 2.
GIRL wanted for housework; call between 6
and 8 p. m. 34S4 Twenty-second st.
NEAT girl for general housework and care ot
children; reference. 7G9 Folsom St.
GIRL for general housework, cooking and plain
washing. Apply 1303 Octavia st.
FOR general housework and cook; German or
¦ Swedish girl pref. ; ref. 907 Devlsadero St.
GERMAN girl wanted for housework and plain
cooking. 766A Harrison st.
GIRL to-" assist in general housework; wages
$10 to $12. 1627 Leavenworth st.
A YOUNG girl to wait at table la a small
restaurant 343V4 Third Et.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitor; half or who!©
day; good salary. Address box 19C2. Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking. 1802 Mason st.
WOMAN wanted to do washing and Ironing by
the day. 503V4 Brodertck «t.
WANTED— A neat young girl for housework; |
wages $12 to $15. 710 Hyde st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market st . room 38^
LADY with some experience as typewriter and
bookkeeper. Box 3504, Coll.
GIRL to assist with housework and 2 children.
193S Eddy St.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. 461 Jes-
sle st.
$3 TO JT; young grirl kind to children. 216 Hick-
ory ave.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants. 226 Minna
street.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. 97 Sil-
ver St., cor. of Third.
NEAT girl for light housework; $10 to $ll Call
to-day. 812 Ellis St.
100 SEWERS to take work home; on 'ladies'
underwear. 723 Market St., room 35.
GIRL for general housework; 3 /adults and 1
child in family. 1904 Broadway.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; 3 In
family. Apply before 10 a. m., 1242 Linden
ave., Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work;
highect wages paid. Apply immediately. The
U. S. Fruit Packing Co., Harrison St., off
Folsom. between Seventh and Eighth.
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children "and do
light housework. 2630 Howard st.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady; wages $6; 9
hours' work. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth St.
GIRL wanted to help In dining room. Apply
1727 Market st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32',i Fremont St.;
no experience neceasary; good wages. Apply
to MR, DAVIS.
CITY experienced workers and salesladies for
trimmed and untrimmed millinery for com-
ing season. Apply Manager Millinery De-
partment, Emporium.
WANTED— A trustworthy woman to manage a
business out of the city. Box 1923. Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 535
Valencia st.
PAPER BOXES— Experienced and Inexperi-
enced girls WEMPE BROS., Main and Mis-
sion EtS.
WANTED— A lady as companion and light
housework; good home; fair pay for rlfht
party. Call after 2 P. m.. 116 Taylor st.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work in
our factory and to take work home; also a
; presser. BAUER BROS. Co.. 21 Sansome st,
FRENCH housemaid and waitress who can
sew; $20. MRS. FRANK WILSON, near
Berkeley station.
HIGHEST wages and steady employment to
women and girls at Code-Portwood Canning
Co., Tenth -and Bryant.
WANTED— Lady office ' assistant: - experienced
In figures; give references and wages expect-
ed. Box 1925, Call office.
WANTED for millinery, a saleslady; experi-
enced and recommended: permanent position
to the right one at 1323 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1S2«. Call office.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom, st.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A MAX to buy out a route; good-paying busi-
ness. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A MAN and wife, ranch, $10, fare paid; cook,
country hotel, $30; bellboy, city. $13: errand
boy, $3 a week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED ;•••¦••;•;;:¦
Cook and helper, country hotel, $.o to $So;
cook country boarding-house. $45: head baker,
country, $.'0 and fd.. see boss at office; black-
smiths' helper for mine. $2 a day: 2 laborers
around mine, S2 a day; miner. $2 50 a day and
fare advanced; woodchopper to take contract
to cut 1500 cords yellow pine for mining com-
pany, 2 milkers, ?30; 4 farmers, $26 and $30;
ICO railroad laborers, $2 a day and free far*
W. D. EWER & CO. ,610 Clay St.
YOUNG man to assist In giving, exhibitions In
hypnotism. Call 1 p. m. /Tuesday, 906 Market
St., School of Hypnotism.,
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Experienced wood worker on bug-
gies, lumber wagons, etc.; must be competent •
to run boring machine, circle saw, band saw,
plaaer, shaper and rounder; wages $3 per day;
Fteady Job to the right man. Call on CHAS.
W. STEIN & SONS. 265 Stevenson Bt. '
WANTED- ~~.,
Laboring men. $1 85 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS,
Keswlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35: cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — First-class chief cook for restau-
rant: day work; also clerk for coffee house;
night work; references. Box 1303. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightlv damaged, naif
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A YOUNG barber wanted with good experi-
ence. 504 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the <Iay or by contract at j
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla, Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to the superln- ;
tendent at the mines or to the company, at !
328 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company. '
WANTED— 6 hard-rock miners; wages $2 50 per
day: board Is $1S per month: doctor fees $1 23
per month. Apply to The New Idrla Q. Mg.
Co.. San Benito Co.. Idrla. Cal.. JAMES G.
FINCH, SuDt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : MA large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TWO first-class outside salesmen to sell auto-
graphic registers: salary. Call between & and
12 a. m., PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
B. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at £27 14th st.. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the age9
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K
St.. Sacramento, Cal., cr 105S J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; from 6
to 8 weeks; constant practice; commission j
while learning; transportation raid: special i
Inducements until Auciist 1. Address GOR- J
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE, 417 N. Main
St., Los Angeles.
WANTED— Boy with some knowledge of bak- 1
ery. Apply 413 Third Bt. j
GET ycur shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to ¦
50c. JC2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. j
WANTED— Young man to help on cakes. 1205 !
Polk st.
i
WANTED— A man to help in kitchen. Jeffer-
son Hotel, Harbor View. ;
PENSIONS— GF.O. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16 i
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night: reading room; free
"bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 2ic per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. j
I
HOUSES, L1VC STOCK. Eta — For Sal*
WALKOVER TO THE
BALDWIN ANNEX
and see the Walkover Shoe at $3 50. It's as
good as the average $5 shoe. Lots of style,
plenty of comfort and all the good, hard wear
you'll ever get out of any shoe. '
Our "High Life" men's shoe Is the only I
$5 shoe ma4e that Is really worth $1 50 more
than our Walkover Shoe at $3 10.
WALKOVER SHOE STORE.
F. F. WRIGHT. Prop.
Baldwin Annex, 924 Market St.
Lob Angeles Store, 111 South Spring St.
WANTED— Young road horse; stylish and fast;
for one that suits a good price will be paid.
Address with price and description, box 193'),
Call office.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
15C0 sounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Staniford Stables. 30S-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, j
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday, j
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. j
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlera or j
business at CANTY' S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
Bt. cars pass the door. j
FOR sale— 2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL- !
ZIEL. Vet. Dent!3t. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes; j
cheap: best tn city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Thirl. |
• ! ' 1
KODSB9 TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir- |
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery, j
JESSIE. S20H. off Ninth— House of 4 rooms and j
stable: rent reasonable. I
LOST AXD FOUAU.
IF the lady that took the two rings from my I
residence at 727 Washington .st. Sunday
morning about 10 o'clock, will return the 5-
carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONQ PO CHI, j
LOST — Fox terrier bitch, black and tan head. |
black spot on side and rump; metal and I
leather collar; small slelghbell attached; $5 !
reward. 437 Ellis st. \
LOST— A lady's silver watch at Cliff House,
with initials "F. L*" on one side and "93" |
on other. Return to S. GOLDMAN, 34 Mont- i
gomery Bt. ; reward. [
— — ¦ __ .
LOST— Near High and East Fourteenth Bts.. |
black dog; answers to "Nig." Reward of re- i
turned to Immoos Saloon. Fruitvale station. |
¦ Cal. j
LOST— Saturday, In Columbia Theater, ladles' j
gauze fan. Leave at Dugan drugstore, corner !
Taylor and Bush sts.. and receive reward. J
LOST— Lemon and white pointer dog. Return j
to 259S Howard St.; liberal reward. j
SATURDAT. Orpheum, gold Forester P. C. C.
badge. Return r. 2. Sth fir. MIHa bid. ; reward, j
LOST— 5 cows; 4 branded No. 3 on horns: other j
muley cow; reward. WILLIAM SCHAEFEK. j
¦ Twenty-seventh ave., San Bruno road. - |
| MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 448 Eddy St.. the
well-known and reliable ladles' physician;
guaranteed treatment at oiflce. $5; home for
patients before and during confinement; con-
sultation free and confidential; hours. 9 to 5
and 7 to S; Sundays. .10 to 2. 446 Eddy »t., be-
tween Leavenworth and Hyde. J
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for yearn: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call -on him. 102:!% Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122it Market St.; re-
liable ladles' specialists; 30 years' practice:
patients' private home; positive cure at of-
fice; celebrated HINDO HERB home treat-
¦ ment; send a 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and rellaole;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007'^ Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office $.">; any ailment; consultation Tree; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' speclal-
Ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China: dls-
eaves of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 710 Sacramento, cor. Keamyiadvlce free.
DR. WISE (YS). the ladles' specialist. HIS
Market St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: rea*>na-
bie. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFF.IFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. lir. Mason st. *• : - -'
MI3CELL.4.\t:oU.S FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything tn 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 10fc\ 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A SURVEYOR'S level and tripod: is almost
brand new; was made by Heer & Seeliir. Chi-
cago, for ?l*0: our price now $33. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ROUTE cn this paper for sale. Apply at 9
HtlLI" WASTED HALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.'..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California, Utaa.
Washington. Arizona, Oregon. Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev., Dist.
Los Angeles Dlst Truckee Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shasta D st.
Salt Lake City Dist Crow* Landing Dlst.
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Dist.
Dunsmuir Dist Bakersfleld Diat.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dlst.
San Luis Dist Surf Dist.
SPECIAL TO SHASTA CO. DIST
Receding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
And other places. We ship FREL....FRfc.L
COME QNE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen. spikers. section hands, tunnel
"It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee; no other expenses: tOML
SEE FREE .-. FREE"
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A-40 CARPENTERS 40 CAIU'ENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634
ami 63C Clay st.
A— HOTEL.... CANDY.... and OTHER DEPTo
E3 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $63. $00. $55. $30. $43. $40. $35. $30. $1.
and found; 32 waiters.' COME. SEE, $3o, $30.
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
30 and found; YOU'LL SUIT
89 dishwashers, city and country
$30. $25, $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-63>i Clay Bt.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
IS bakers, first second and third hands, $56.
$50. $45. $40, $35 and found, for all parta of
California; first hand, $50; second hand, $40
and found, same country job, boss here and
fare paid; sauBage maker, $14 week
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers shops wagons, slaughter houses,
etc.. M0. 135. J30 and found: COME. SEE
15 laundrymen, washers, markers, starchers,
polishers, ironers, etc., $35, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-838 Clay at.
A— MINES CROWDS GOING
Fireman for gold mine - %S0
49 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75
12 machine miners, gold mine $90
42 miners, single hand, exceptionally good
Jobs, fares from $1 75 to $4 $60 and found
IS hard rock miners $75
39 laborers for a large mine, $40. $4S and
found, including board and lodgings, if you
Kive good satisfaction you will be advanced to
$C0 per month and found: remember, all the
Jobs above and below need no experience.
264 laborers for different mines, $30, 148, $42,
$40. $35 and found fares from $1 50
COME. EVERYBODY and Investigate thess
mines; crowds eolng dally. Why? Because
positions steady year round and BIG WAGES
PAID YOU. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay Bt. „, «';3
A— IT Is very Interesting to watch Murray &
Ready handle with ease the great labor ques-
tion WORK WORK WORK Come
down, get our list containing 7469 positions
and eoe for yourself. MURRAY & READY.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers. wagon-makers,
carriage-makers. woodworkers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, $2 50 $2 day; $55, $60, $50,
$45, $40. $30 and found: COME, SEE
Coremaker and 53 other mechanics; wages run
from $4. 13 50, $3. $2 50. $3 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
A— FARMS, Orchards, Dairies, Hay Presses*,
Vineyards, Hay and Harvest Fields
Fruit pickers $26 and $30 and found
326 farm hands $3o, $30, $28 and found
125 haying hands.. $1 25 to $1 50 day and found
86 harvest hands.. $1 50 to $2 a day and found
C6 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese-
makers $40. $35, $30 and found: come see
36 choremen and boys. $30. $26, $23. $20. $13
and found
MURRAY & REaDY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— STAELES, FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
neBS cleaners, etc., city and country, $50, 140,
$35, $30 fcml $25 and found; coachmen and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
. $175 a day
12G men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
386 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia. $2.50, $2 23, $2, $1 "5 day; many for
cily positions and board home
6 farmers and wives
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO S3 SAWMILLS, ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
t63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found '.
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80. $75, $90, $120, $80,
$50, $40, $30 and found; 6S4 woodchoppers. tie
makers, tools and food found, some at mines.,
$3, $2 50. $:. $1 50, $1 and 75c cord; rtilngla
Joiner: shingle packer
25 laborers for sawmill, fare paid. ..$40 and Id
From city, town, village and hamlet do
crowds come to go on our great sawmill-
woods position; WHY? because climate beau-
tiful, water good, wages good and no ex-
perience required and always a chance to
raise themselves to different steady positions
and YOUR FARE PAID
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay aU
A — WOODS foreman: sawmill foreman; 6 Iron
molders; 12 laborers, warehouse work, $40 and
found; sheepherders; 40 laborers, Inside work,
$C0. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A GANG edgerman. $2 day and found; screw-
turner, $2 day and found, for a large sawmill
company, see boss at our office. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for country. $3 to $3 50 day;
machinists for city and country. $3 to $3 50
day; driver for milk wagon, on commission;
chippers for foundry. $2 and $2 50 day; 2
drivers for coal carts. $2 day; Iron molders,
$3 to $3 50 day; Burlelgh drill miners. $3 daj-:
single-hand miners. $2 50 day; 2 muckers. $2
day; 2 car men, $2 25 day; 2 farmers and
wives M0
Laborers for mine, $2 day; woodsmen of all
kinds; woodchoppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt
makers laborers for mills and woods; team-
sters for lumber company and many others.
J. F. CROSETT Acency, 628 Sacramento Bt.
COOK and wife, _ood country hotel. $70, faro
paid; hotel cook, $40, and dishwasher, same
place. $20: 3 boardlnr-house cooks. $40, $13
and $50: hotel cook for Mexico, $100, fare paid;
night cook. $10 week; restaurant cook, $14
week; hotel waiter, country. $30: waiter,
springs, $30; potwasher, $25: dishwashers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628
Sacramento st.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Wanted — 100 men for new, R. R. work, free
fare •
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers. S. P. Co's own -work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship Dally Office Fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets to-night,
102 O'Farrell Bt. J. R. BLEILY. Pres.
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith. Inquire at
Golden West Hotel office at 10 a. m.
WANTED— An errand boy; $10 per month and
found. Address box 3514. Call office.
WANTED — An elderly man to make himself
useful about house. 1139 Folsom st.
6 CARPENTERS for interior work. NE. cor.
Broadway and Steiner st.
GOOD barber wanted. Presidio Barber Shop,
2S37 Greenwich st. ,::
BOY 14 years old to run elevator; $1 50 per
week and board. 259 Post St.. room 1.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
PAINTERS' complete outfit for sale at Bacrl-
flce. 318 Fulton st.. basement.
STRONG boy about 16 for general work In of-
fice. Box 3505, Call.
YOUNG man as porter; call at 10 o'clock a- m.
1053 Market st.
WANTED— An all-round cook; no tools re-
quired. 1522 Kentucky at.
A SECOND cook wanted at 1119 Market st.
Call early.
A GOOD collector wanted at 405 Montgomery
St., rooms 6; call bet. 8 and 10 a. m. H. E.
.CRAIG.
WANTED— A good sober night kitchen man at
304 Mason St.; wages $G a weok.
2 GOOD carpenters. 2929 Jackson st.
WANTED — t. good coat makers and 2 pants
makers; wo'rk Inside; steady Job. 2S19 Green-
wich st.
WANTED— 3 coat finishers and 2 pants flnlsh-
.ers: good wages. 2S19 Green wlch st.
WANTED— Second cook at Washington Hotel.
3S4 Fourth st. •
WANTED— A man and wife to go to Napa Co. ;
must understand pruning orchard and vine-
yard. Apply 317 Fourth St.
WANTED— Young man as third hand on cakes.
.- 516 Hayes st.
WANTED — S or 10 good men to dig srwers on
Silver and Thirty-eighth fits., bet. Telegraph
and New Broadway, Oakland.
YOUNG man with 2 or 3 years' experience In
barber business. Apply 222 Gough st.
WANTED — Man and wife; country: wages
$37 50. CATTELL'S. 52*. Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — A good molder on Jobbing .work;
' union man; married preferred: to a live man
permanent ' Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tie. Wash.
EDUCATIONAL.
AVRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
KESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at. -¦
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deasy, court reporter. 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post at..
S. F. ; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JETjNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine at. ]
DRESSMAKEUS Ar«l> SEAMSTRESSES
f?. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.; dresses
made, $*i up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. f.30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. 'Ji'i
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 185.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 41" Powell: tel. Clay Sb.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06M; Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411' j O'Farell st. : tel. Eaat 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation
in American family: best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLKX, 325 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and seam-
stress desires situation: best of references;
city or country. MISS CCLLEN', 325 Sutter.
WOMAN wishes position to cook and assist
with housework; references given; wages $25.
629 Stevenson st.
WOMAN wishes position to do housework by
the day; no postals. 359 Jessie Et.
GERMAN woman wishes position as cook to
assist In housework with American family.
Call 572^i Minna st.
GENERAL housework; Catholio family pre-
ferred. 1407 Scott st.
A LADY wishes a few hours' work during the
day. Apply 3SS Eureka st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and carfare; no postals an-
swered. C02 Natoma st., near Seventh.
YOUNG woman wishes situation In light house-
work. Call 12CG Powell Bt.
XEAT vouns girl wants place in nice family:
is a good cook; will do general housework. 1007
Natoma St., eft Eleventh and Howard.
SEWING In families by the day by first-class
dressmaker. Address 1511 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS young German second girl
and sewer wishes situation; $25. 3S7 Geary.
A RELIABLE woman wishes a situation for
general housework In an American family;
city or short distance In country. E22 Ivy ave.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day; willing to do housecleaning; no board.
316 Minna jt.
A YOUNG woman wishes employment at gen-
eral housework; willing and obliging. Ad-
drws 40S Minna st :
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation for
housework. Call 1336V4 Natoma St., near
Fifteenth and Howard.
A WOMAN* wishes to go out by day washing
and housecleaning. Call 611 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE girl wiahea situation for light
hgusework; plain cooking; Email wagea. Cail
612 McAllister st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by day washing or
housecleaning. Call 611 Turk st.
~A. WOMAN desires a position as a working
housekeeper or ladies' nurse; city preferred.
Call at f.23 Howard st.
¦ POSITION as day governess or assistant with
K^neral office work, by a graduate of Mlsa
Head's school; several years' experience;
best references. Box 1931. Call.
A GIRL wants a position as maid: no objec-
tion to traveling; best of referenoes. Box
1S26. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like to go to New York
as companion or ts.ke care of children. MISS
IjORA RIVERS, general delivery.
WINCH ESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms:; 25c to $1 50 nli?ht; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and bnKgage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore si.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Vi-
lencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
DEAR SIR: ___
Do you want Just as good a shoe for $3 60
as most stores sell for 557 Do you want all
the wear and comfort it's possible to put la
a shoe? WALKOVER SHOE STORE.
F. F. WRIGHT, Prop.
Baldwin Annex. 924 Market St.
Los Angeles Store, 111 Soutii Spring St.
A TEMPERATE man; handy with tools; will
repair or renovate; also tend to garden or
horse. Box 1901. Call.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place: city or
country. Address box 8600. Call office.
A STEADY young man wishes a situation as
firemen; has had some experience in running
a small engine. Address 2C41 Harrison st.
MAN who understands baking, cooking and
candy-making wants a position. Box 3513,
Call office. ¦
ENGINEER, who can do all erecting and re-
pairing, wants steady position; any style of
engine; good knowledge of electricity; steady
habits; good references; go anywhere. Box
3503, Call office.
MAN and wife, German, want situations In
hotel or boarding house; wife la first-class
cook; man Is good waiter; also kitchen help.
Address 726 Mission st.
YOTTNG man wishes position In institution or
porter In hotel ; exp. ; ref. Box 3506. Call.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
clothing salesman; speaks English and Ger-
man fluently; 25 years' experience; reference
furnished. Address Clothing, box B, Call
Branch, 300 Hayes at.
SITUATION wanted by a good all-round chore-
man on a ranch; take care of barn and
horses: wages no less than |23 a month. Ad-
dress F. H.. C31 Sacramento st., r. 134, city.
POSITION wanted as attendant to invalid cen-
tleman by an expert messeur; good reader
and amanuensis: experienced traveler; good
references. R. HULLOX, 26A Franklin st.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
tler or to do general work'around place: city
or country; reference. Box 4400. Call of flee.
AN active, elderly man, first-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and Ad-
vertising card writing and generally handy,
wishes a permanent position In some large
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices In that or any other capacity can be
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOP-
KINS, box 2796, Call office. Oakland, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla Et.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071>A Market (rear Seventh): examination
free: German eye water by mall." 00c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 810 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; f25 and $28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
GROVE. SIS — Flat of 7 sunny r-om3 and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower flcor of C rooms; furnished ¦ or unfur-
nished; stili!" If desired of 4 stalls;' carruige
floor, coachman's room, etc.: suitable tor
physician: rent J30 and $35. Apply cn prem-
ises or MADISON & BURKE.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: punny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
FIFTEENTH, 1876. near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window flat of 7 rooms, bath; house, 5 rooms,
Btable.
MISCEtLA^OCS-^OBSALajr
CHEAP— One set of blacksmiths' and carpen-
ters' tools. 16 Heron 8t.
A — BLTS, sell3 or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, meters
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINK suit. $10: dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 MontRomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2. Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; neliin^
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bklj;.
I EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
j %'Z; concert records. $1 50. Bacisrjilupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and w»oj
planers; lathrs; 2d-hand. J. Purk-". 139 Eeafe.
SECOND-HAND flreproc? ?at>: 1 lire and burg-
lar prricf safe; ch»ap. 42 Main ,«t.
MAGIC lantern*, new and second-hand- mivln-
Picture*. P.ULLARD A BRECK. V.I Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks xcale an.l tire and burglar
j prr>,,f itafe 2i<i « - a!lfnrr.ia Ft.
PA FES— N e w an>! second-hand. THE II ER-
; MANN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
( SAFK=-Nnr an.l second-hand; all sixes. TUB
] WALTZ PAFK. M9-1U Market Pt.. San Fran.
HJSCKt.L t.M-.oi •» WAM4.
A— 100 H. p. er.srino. boiler, two drtll. air com-
pressor. JARPKtg. ICO Fremont st.
WANTED— A ssfcund-hand transit. Apply box
SEALSKINS are what -we cay bie prices tor-
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at/V
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cl^thlr.T
call nn R COMH.V. 157 Third: tel. Blacte 41^t.
mo.m:y to loas.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bat-; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R McCOLGAN, 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY preposition, any amount: 6 per cent: flr»t.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chart?;
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at K>w-
esl rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. «43 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
63 and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and cn
i furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
) lowest rates. B8CKEH & CO.. 25 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*.
watches. Jewelry W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
! highest price for olil gold, silver, diamonds.
I ANY amount by private party on furniture anrl
i piano?; no removal; low rates; confidential.
; BONELLI. Conservatory bldff.. 130 Powell st.
! AT 116 Kearny. room 9. respectable privat*
' place to borrow on -watches, diamonds: lowest
1 rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
! in sums to suit on furniture or real es-
tate; low rate; strictly private. Address box
1949. Call office.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 221 Parrott btg.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; n<>
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. S Eddy st.
MONEY loaned yalaried people without security.
HILL, rm. «, Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
j bate, chattels, etc. R. 603, Examiner building.
I H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note withcutV
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building. T
ON* furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. US McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
I S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL lXSTni'ME-XTS.
I 1 GOOD upright; good for beginner: $65.
I 1 Xeuman upright; rosewood case; $135.
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; H&
1 Sterling upright: walnut case: $223.
1 Vose upright; good as new; J275.
1 Pease upright; used 6 months; 3215.
1 Weber; walnut case; a groat bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Kasy payments: gilt-edge guarantee.
BEXJ. CUKTAZ & SON. 16-1S-I0 O'Farrell st.
THIS week you can get a fine solid leather
music roll in black or tan for 73c: regular
price, ti 25. Send your order to MAUVAIS'
Music House. "S3 Market st.
BARGAINS at %i0. »T3. J1C0. J1L0; good pianoa:
will exchange later for better cnes and allow
what is paid. MAUVAIS', 763 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianos are what
vou should buy: they are best in so many
! ways. MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Market st.
! AS we represent the best make of pianoa \n
j every grade from Steinway down to low-
! priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
I ments are easier than those of other dealer*.
'¦ we are the people from whom you should
purcha.se; new upright pianos, J'i cash, H per
i month: ether pianos. $3. $4 and $5 per month. •
I SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
J corner Kearny and Putter sts.. Ran FVancisco,
| corner Thirteenth and .Broadway, Oakland.
! ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou.-<a
i west of Chicago is KOIILER A CHASE'S.
i 26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs ani
j all other musical Instruments of alL grades
; and price?: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
! thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
| customer.
i REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 933
I Market st., between Fifth and Sixth, n<>xt '••»
I Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue f>:#-
two w»»ks to trake room fcr new stock; c?>j$
evenings; agency for the celebrated Shoninaer
& UehninE pianos. New York.
j A— HANDSOME, richly carved upright p!ar.i\
' latest design, standard mak». three pedals.
! used onlv a few months. J1S0; another flne.
t upright. $125. and one at JICiX Room 12.
; Flood buil'ling.
j CLOSINO out: fifteen pianos and organs at
your own prices this w»ek only. SPKXCER'S.
; ISIS Market St.. above Van Xen ave.
i SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, C.abler. Hamtl-
ten pianos. 30S Post *t.. opp. Union square.
'< A FINE Steinway npright: stood as new; $250^
S3T. Market St.
BARGAIN— Good piano ch«ap: Installment $3
j per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
, SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week for
; storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
' V.' O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Kallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLIJCR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
¦ ONE Steinway. 1 Chickering. $190: installments
, t". to $10; rent 52 ur>. HEINE'S. I.1R nils st.
REDUCTION sale; new ptanor>. J"> payments:
; tar rent. J" un. RRT'FNN. 8M Post st.
•». *'i*_fe!t At*'* rT'Hiit "rit i.fcir.
PART of store at 52 Steuart st.; suitable for
azency or taller.
I
MME. Nrersrard. Pres. St Oermain College, of
Palmistry: reads 1 tn 9. P15 Geary, nr. J'.nes.
l'KRSO.WLS.
WALKOVER SHOES. J3 CO.
The most style, the most wear, the t»ost flt^
ever given In any shoe for $3 50; up-to-dat»
lasts for men.
Our "High Ufe" $.¦> shoe for men Is th»
swellest shoe ever sold In San Francisco for
the price.
; "WALKOVER 3ITOE STORE.
P. P. WRIGHT. Prep.
Baldwin Annex. 9M Market St.
Los Angeles Store, 111 South Spring St.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer, 34
Kearny nt.. rcom 11. cures nervousness ln-
somnia. blindness. Bright' s disease, rupture.
LIQUOR habit— A simple home cure Addres*
box 5.*2. San Jose. Cal. ; confidential.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
., .. ¦ HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: hor.est work guaranteed:
prices defy competition: flne upholstery.
Pnon- 5309; factory, 31S and 320 Eleventh St.:
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 403 Sutter
St.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every r..om-Wlnchest--r
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mi-ket: 700 rooms:
25c -to $1 S? p er night; $1 50 to $5 per week:
free bus and baggage tf> and from the ferry.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, has but one price,
plain, neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind of
halrdressln>T only 2,'c. HZ Stockton st.
SUITS to order on installments: J13 upwar-1:
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market «t .
between Seventh and Ei;hth.
LEDEREIVS Qulntcnlca hair tonic keeps your
hair bfautlful_ and g>.s3y; y>o bot. Tryj*.
WANTED— Namo an 1 address of party auffer-
Ing with asthma. J. A., box 1911. Call.
M J- S , S ,P IKLDON "- chiropodist and card reader!
&M Market at., second floor, room 37.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off cl-thlng bought A
¦old. Silvennan. 9S4 Folsom, tei. Folsom 113 L
SAX FnAXClSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until l! o'clmk e\ery night In the y»ar.
BRANCH OFFICES-^7 Montgomery street,
eorr.w Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€33 McAllister street; cj^n until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln etrwt; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission nreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. in.
J06 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. _
Northwest corner Twenty-eecor.d and Ken-
tucky PtreeTs; open ur.tll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chaster Xo. 5. R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^^
ING. July 17. at 7:20 o'clock. HtaiedllX
mc-trting and M. M. degree. By order'
of tlie II. V.
FBAXKXjy H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL LoOce No. 144. F. and A. m
M. -Third decide THIS .TUESDAY) i\
EVENING. « 7:30 o'clock J^J\
A. f. III'HDAKH. Secretary. / XT
MAGNOLIA Iy*Jce No. Z». I. O. O. i
K.— Installation of officer* THIS:S/7gSx£- i
<TUK.Si>AYt EVENING. "%§*5??§I&
J. EK1KSON". Noble <3rand.
EAMUEL PCUACK,
PARKER Lodse No. 1T4. 1. O. O. .^w^
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) ¦=gg2»Si
f V. : F.' XOBTHEOP. N. G. '&¦&'«**•
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
jmny. San Francisco, July 16. 1*10.— At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of this |
company, held THIS DAY. a dividend was de- I
c^red, payable «n and after July IS, 1S00.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Elsdon Iron and Looomotlve Works. — The
annual meetir.K of the stockholders cf the Ris-
dr.n Iron and Locomotive Works, for tha elec-
tion of trustees for the ensuing year and the
transa<ctlon cf sue!) other business as may be
brought before the meeting. Will be held at tha
office of the ccrr.rar.y. southeast corner of Beale
and Howard *ts., San Francisco, xn MONDAY,
the £th day cf August. 1300. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. n. MEAD. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — The greatest seller for four months
Is -"Life and Speeches of Bryan." Life writ- j
ten by Mrs. Bryan; speeches revised by I
Mr. Bryan; beautifully illustrated; freight
X>aid; outfit free: send 2Dc ror mailing. Ad- j
Uress Quick. R. EL WOODWARD, Baltimore, i
AGENTS can make from J75 to 1100 per month j
Mllinc cur campalrn books. "'ISSUES AND
LEADERS." "Battle cf 1900"; also W. J. |
Bryan's new bock. "Republic or Empire?"
S^nd 13c for outfit and agents' instruction*.
We give Mime terms as Eastern firms. OC-
CIDENTAL PUBLLSHINO CO.. Oakland.Cal. i
tZ' ' <"AN be made during next 6 months by
liuFtIi;ig apems handling our » hlte and fancy
nut'ber c<-»iiar«, cufTs. bosoms, neckties; patent-
• <3, guaranteed bo<*2s; inclose stamp for si>e- •
rial s4ar.. M.&M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield, Mass, j
AGENTS to handle perfumes. Call 10 a. Hi. to j
1 r>- m.. ICo A;=h ave.. near Polk st.
ASTROLOGY.
Sins. Fadie Dur.n. of Pittpburg. Pa., strictly
reliable on ail matters r*-rtaining to life and
business: horoscope readings. Jl. 2710 Sutter.
AT"«UtAfc-l!» AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at laiv. S2T Market St.. I
room 6T7; estates, damap-es, attachments, j
bankruptcy, collections; all eases; fair fees; I
nn advance charts; money loaned cn f states, j
.AIjVICE free; divorce law a specially; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, fcio Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON*. ;-27 Market St.. or p. Mason.
L t?. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldfr., S27 Mar-
ket st.: ronraltatlon free; no fees in advance.
AlTO.MOIIII.tS.
A I -TOMOBI LK.<- FRE~D WARD & SON.
Apents, 4C Fremont Ft.
ROBINSON tZ, 4-rcnel folding; door opens; firm
and tafe. W. S. BROWN, pen, a St., 420 Ellig.
IIELGIAV HARKS.
A NUMBER of fine does at low prices; bred to
our flr.e*t bucks; LOUD ED1NBOUO amp.),
f?e J-i: DUKE OK CLARENCE (imp.), fee
t!5: line lot ot youngsters from three to five
r«ont5ie old from Lord Edlnboro and our lm-
ltttX.eC <3oes with grand color and perfect teet
all rnund; full line of rabbit supplies ; free
literature.
BAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND. Mgr.
OfSre-Pprrt-kels Market.
Rabbitry— 1015 Shctwell st.
liELGIAX HARES'.'.
AH the popular strains at greatly reduced
I-rices. CAUFOI;XIA BELGIAN HAKE AS-
SOCIATION'. Alaraeda, Cal. j
LORD FA SHOD A CHIEF and Lady Lumb, j
iirM prize in England, at 314 Golden Gate ave. |
CHAMPION BELGIAN" HAltE BANTTART j
HEADQUARTERS; sales daily. iBUtVk Sutter. |
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO. .COS Gol- 1
den Gate ave.. S..F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap, j
mCYCL.ES— For Sale or Eicbance.
ALLEN sells new bicycles. $20 to $75; eecond-
h;«rM nney. 85 w. l!»70 Page st.
uuAUonu ton cuiLuimx.
CHILD to bocrd: pood home; best of care;
laree ¦mmy yard. Call et 1013 Mason et.
ISl'SISkESS CHAXCES.
A — *300; delicacy and dairy produce, tn Ala-
tme<Ja- rent $?; dally receipts $12; business es-
tabl. years. Call R. G. WILKE, 2S4 Kearny.
A— $17J0; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission :
6t. ; place has been kept by present owner |
for 13 years anU clearing sbove J1S0 per
month; stock and fixtures worth the money.
Call li. G. WILKE. 'JC4 Kearny Et.
j^ — *2<Xi — RESTAURANT and choph"ouse on
water front: rent J15; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
i-6 1^ Kearny st. j
A-HSO: BAKERY estabL many years In lively
country town; place dolns a splendid busi-
T*e*f; rent J20: *icknest> of proprietor only
cause cf tale; fullest investigation solicited.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny Ft.
A-Ji::,0; PARTNER wanted In old-establ. cor.
frrucery and bar on Third st. ; daily receipts ]
fj.i; retiring partner had to leave for north:
rent $42; lease; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. CC'i Kearny et.
A— S3rO; ELIT.ANTLY fitted 6aloon: established
years: In large private hotel; rent $40: loca-
tion 2 blocks from Market et. R. G. WILKE,
W? Kearny st.
A— $4%0: CORNER grocery and bar; established
vears and known as a ir.nney making place;
be?t location: close to Chronicle building, riee
R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny ct.
A— ?15i)0; CORNER; wine and "iquor store: only
one block from Market: rent $".0; horse.
waccD and a larse ttock: splendid paying
bu>:ne?.«; disacrc-ment of partners cause of
rale. See R. G. WILKE, C6>-i Kearny st
A— tilO: cigar store: laundry office more than
pays expenses; jrond trade; fine location. Pa-
cific. Husiness Exrhance, 1016 Market et.
Jirs — BRANCH bakery; 3 living rooms; cheap
r«nt; Hclllns on account of departure; neat
r>la«-e. Pacific j:x<-hange, 1016 Market St.
FRUIT store; trade Ji» to J20 per day; pood
horse, wapon find harness: must be sold; price
t2W. Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market st.
5350 — NICE candy. Icecream, clear and station-
ery store in fine location; larjre rtock; fine
ViUsiness; cheap rent; bargain. LANE & CO.,
*C5 Market st.
OUMESTABU&HJSD. stationery;
well-selected stock of notions, candy, cigars,
etc; frood opportunity to purchase a paying
concern. LANE & CO., 8CJ Market St.
V^;— CARPENTER and Jobbing shop: business
location. Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market.
tl<l> — LAUNIjRV mute: rood horse and wagon;
receipts Jjbout * r 'O per week. McLAUGHLIN
T<..' RENT— For coal yard, milk d»pot. etc.; fine
. location; place is rntirely covered: contains S
stalls: rent only Jl'i; water free. Inquire WM.
HENimiOKSON & CO.. C14 Call building.
LEADING hiit*-) In Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor.
dinlnc-ro.jni. kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will r'-nt. **•!] or f-xchanpe. For particulars
write 7OHS6ON &: CARR. Monterey. Cal.
II" you want to sell your business quick, send
For Fa!*-— Fim-clafts saloon: must be Bold
at any price: proeery store and bar: lodgine
h'luse. Km rooms; house, 7 rooms: house. 11
rooms. McBRIDE &. CO.. Airento. 830 Howard.
J7r.f— WELL-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit
Flor<>; doinp a Rood outside business; horse,
tvaican: rent taken out in trade; best of
reason* for selling. Box 2r>P2. Call.
JlGfiO — GOOD mechanic wanted as partner In
well-payins hardware business. Box 3507, Call.
FIUST-CLAPS. Fboe shop; eood prtces ; good
work: final! stock of fhoes. 832 Rush St.
PAYING Ealoon: very reasonable price. Irtquire
LEMLK. LEVY CO.. jrjt-K; Third st.
FOR SALE— An old-established paint shop,
v.ith grood Etook. 1306 Powell Et.
BARBER fihop for pale; 2 chairs; on Gear}' et.
Apply 2 O'Farrell st.
I1CSIXI2SS CHAXCES — -COXTIXllEn.
$<jO— CORNER grocery and bar: good location;
2 rooms; suitable for man and wife; worth
$D00. LUNDIN & CO.. £73 Market Bt.. r. 12.
$250— GROCERY and bar; lVi block6 from Mar-
ket st.: cheap rent; pood stock; suitable for
man and wife; make offer. LUNDIN & CO.,
873, Market St., room 12.
$1000— SALOON. 1 block from Market st. ; fix-
tur-»s and stock worth $1500; good reason for
selling. J. Lundln & Co., S73 Market et.. r. 12.
$3."00— CANDY and stationery business; choicest
location in city; business will speak for Itselt;
No. 1 stock and fixtures; clears $125 to $175 per
month; best liarfiain ever offered. LUNDIN
A- CO.. S73 Market st.. room 12.
FOR PALI-: — A strictly good business; restaur-
ant: i<*> chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
]fdK!ng-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
fin«-«t opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
field. Cal. ;
BARI5F.R shop and bath house fcr sale: estab-
lished for over 23 year»; splendid location:
flrst-claps regular trade; best of reasons for
desiring to tell. Address H. K, P. O. box 3S0,
Sacramento.
A— HOTEL and saloon at 212-214 First St.. at
reasonable terms: will sell on account of
sickness. • i
DON'T MISS the tripods and lamps at tha |
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains, j
CIGAR stand for rent: very cheap: opp. rail-
road depot. Third and Townsend ets.
GOOD bakery for sale; cheap: baking 2Vi bar-
rels. Address b,ox lfC7. Call office.
FOR sale— Well-paying pickle factory and vln-
epar route; $1000. Address boa 1970, Call.
FOR sale — First-class restaurant. Address P.
LAMMERS. 1753H Mission St.; no agents.
CANDY store for sale; pood stock and fixtures;
low rent; mr agents. 13S Hayes st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplie.1 from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore e=t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Et
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
8 ROOMS: clean; nice; respectable location. $250
10 and 12 r. houses, all parts of city, $350 up.
14 r. : clean; respectable: rent $C5; good.. $7'J0
21 rooms; central; clears $S0 a month.... $10"0
34 rooms; rent $55; profitable; 3 b cash $1600
to rooms; very nice; clears over $100 $2S00
1?4 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.: tel. Blk 1M)3.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 102il Market St.
7$i rooms: cheap rent; central $27H0
SO rooms; corner; offices 3230
130 room?; north of Market 4000
% rooms: rent $40 only . TDO
34 rooms: near Market: rent $S0 13'<0 j
BUYERS. ATTENTION— We have some fine
bargmtni and pood m^ney-makers in lodging-
houses and hotels. We loan money on fur-
niture at 2 per cent. PCHWEINHARD &
CO.. SI7 Market St.. opposite Mason.
$12!^- LODGING-HOUSE; 25 rooms; good loca-
tlon; cheap rent; worth $20^; make Oder to-
day. LUNDIN & CO., S7J Market St.. r. U.
tSW-SXAP; 2S rooms: all rented; fine location;
near market st. BASILH. 3 Eddy st.
LODGIXG-HOISES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished hotel, situated In coun-
try, 12 rooms and bar. $15. For full particu-
lars call FRED ASCHMANN, Milpitas, Santa
Clnra County. Cal. V* ¦'<
C4.«I'AIG> PHOTO BUTTOJSS.
MF"Y. of all Kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholes-ale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market ft.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAMSG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-257 Tehama St.; tel. S. 4C.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
S42-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H. {
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQt:EEN"S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson St.: tel. South "2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie \sli.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avp. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
ONE double rubber-tire buggy; one single
buggy; very cheap. 1000^ Sutter st.
ALL kinds of wagons, burKies, carts, harness
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also liKht
camping waercn, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & drivir.tr horses. IRth & Valencia. |
COLLECTION OFFICES. i
GEORGE TV'. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 827 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Lav- and Collection Agen.V in-
corporated: money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland; high ba»ement; corner lot, 90x
135; fine grounds and fruit treea; location
Al; E minutes' walk to local station. II. H.
COLBY, Express office. East Oakland.
OFF Second st_. near Brannan— Sunny 11-room
cottage: $10. Key 623 Second St.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins St., near Geary.
Sl'IRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL Tn^dlmnT^rsTliarrison. 838 Mis- !
sion st.; readings daily, 25c. r>Oc and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays. Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
i MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, prophetic
| teste. articles read. 10c; sit. $1. 14S Cth, r. L I
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. }
Meyer; sit. daily; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. VIGARjfwill give all a test to-night; 10c.
14S Sixth St., room 7; sittings daily.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 1*^1 Market <<t., near 12th.
! MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 230
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily: clr. ]
Tues.. Fri., 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER. Fpiritual medium; sittings; O.
$1. L. 50c: clr. Mo.. Wed.. Frl.. 10c. 34 Plxth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life rending; ladles JOc,
gents SI; palm. & clair.; sit. $1 50. 128 Turk Bt.
j MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921'^ Mission, op.Mint.
! MRS. CAMERON, card reader: advice on ail
j business affairs, 25c up. 823 Mission st. ; ring bell.
I MME. ZEREDA.the gypsy, is the great palmist
| and card reader, 2">c. f>. Seventh St.; no sign.
I MME.Aupust. clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & We. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212>A Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2oc up. 5 Fourth et.
MME. STBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 2,"c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
I L
j DENTISTS.
j AT the ELECT^O^DliNlrAirCLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket «t., cor. 4th, rm. 7, l-'lood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
j $3 iA> up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. IX, Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest find guaranteed; lndy attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from SS per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
PLATES from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth »t.
PARIS I>ental Parlor. 235 Kearny. 7 cor. Bush-
Full s«ft of teetb, $4: crowns. $3; fillings, 2ic.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": eveninps and Sun-
days. 1001 Markcft St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 51 gT
YOUNG. 1?41 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IJOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dok IIr«pU^"p^sZ~Flllniore^
Advice and medicine 75c: city \-inlts $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELVS C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.PALACE HOTEL
R W Carroll, NT Dr R Zeyp, Germany
E Knapp, Lyon D H Mahana, UBN
C Lindley, Salt Lake Mrs Eland. Shanghai
W H Stanley, M Park W A Hopkins & w.R I
U Johnscn, San Rafael [Mrs Wheaton, R I
Mrs Johnson, S Rafael F Rlnjer. Japan
Mrs G Johnson. Napa F B Reid, Japan
G W Johnson, Napa N Hanbury. England
H H Stout & w. U S A R\C Parr. England
J S Hubbs, N T H»A Andreal. London
F E Palmer, N T F Dudwenj:, N Y
C B Landie. Ind S W Aekley. USX
H B Wood & w, S Jose E Revilhal, France /
E S Gordon, Sta RosaiC P Boush, U S X '
Mrs Gordon, Santa Rsa H T Jenkins, Los Ang
L F Brower & w. Bstn S Beach, Cleveland
O B Depue, Chicago S Woodruff, >J Y
F H Hayes. NY . J W Morrison A w.Chr
J A Murphy. Chicago , Miss Smith. Oakland
B F Cobb & w. ChcgojMlsB Ellis, Oakland
J D Schuyler, Loe Ang R V Ellis .Hanford
P A Demens, Loa'Ang F W Glbbs, Cherokee
Master Demens, L An«r W Gracy, China
Mrs A L Humphrey.! Mrs Gracy. China
Denver D W Farcerholt.U S N
Master Humphrey, Dv C Henderson, N X
W F Vail. Los Ang Miss M Henderson.N Y
C F Scheary, St Louis Mrs A Walthez, Denvr
A L Reach. Chicago S Slade & w. Chicago
D W Field. Los Angr W H Greer & w. N Y
B W Lee, Los Ang W Kline. Manila
Gen Geo M Sternberg, S Waxon, NY i
USA S J Alderman Gras* V
T Flint. San Juan R S Essex, London
W C Mayer. Chicago C A Burcham, Randb*
A J Johnson & w.Clnn Drs D W Lindsay. S Lk
J Boyd. NY W Kermler. Cal
R S Gunn & w, JC Y G H Proctor. >r Y
W Gill. Bombay R D Paine. Phlladelph
A Mathez. Denver 'H M Yerington. Carson
Lt Bayersdorf. Grmny Mrs Yerington. Carson
A Rehling. Germany .J*Whltmore, N Y
R Meyer. Germany I
GRAND HOTEL.
HBP Halliday. Wash D H Smith. Stockton
J H Prentlss & w.Mlch C E Olidden. Madera
H Brown. Hanford J Johnston. Monterey
C Juoel & w. Guatemla R Clutor. Virginia
T Chase. Lo« Angeles F W Henderson. Mercd
J P Chase, Sati Jose H R Banman, Honolulu
Mrs H Barrow. Vacavl Mr & Mrs Collier Jr,
E Hoffman. Pittsburgh Pan Die^o
F A Dorr iw.SLObGH Eldridge. Stockton
L, C Swift. Fresno C de Carll. Portland
A L. Young. Manila WE Bureess. Chicago
R L Klnc & w. Merced AS Williamson. Spokn
J A Linn. Seattle C O Cushman, Chicago
J V Shepherd, NT B S Town*. Sacramento
J D Wallace. San Jose C C Welch. Cal
G R Webb. Pa Dr E A Kirch. Orovllle
p J Hinds. Fresno Mrs W L. Wilson A s,
Rllss N Fassett. 8 Jose Oroville
1» C Conn, Folsom . "W S Gray, Tuba City
Miss Mayberry. Reno <Dr C Rowell. Fresno
D Burkh&tter. Bkrsfld 'A Weber & w. Russia
, . ? . ' ~
Was to i/ocate Niter Beds.
J. C. C. Price, veterinary surgeon and
mining prospector, was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging him. with ob
taining money \by false pretenses. The
complaint * was Sworn to by. Attorney
George H.' Perry some weeks ago. Perry
alleges rthat he and some- friends ad
vanced Price various sums of money on
his statement that he had located niter
beds in Inyo County, but it was found
that his representations were not true.
Held in Heavy Bonds.
Joseph Besenco, the Mexican who
stabbed E. J. Becker, bartender in the
Louvre, Eddy and Powell streets, because
Becker refused to srlve him a drink, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan yesterday in $5000 bonds.
The 'Judge said It .was the act of a cold
blooded assassin. -, •.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The Board of Equalization finished its
labors at 1:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
The time allowed for filing petitions for
decrease In assessments expired at 12 m.,
but the Supervisors continued the consid
eration of petitions previously filed.
The final session began at 10 o'clock.
Among the Important assessments con
sidered were that of the Spring Valley
Water "Works, whose petition for a re
duction of $2,000,000 was denied, and those
of the Sutter-street Railway Company,
J. L. Whitcomb estate and Isaack Kohn,
all of which were denied.
The Spring Valley Water Works case
had been argued at the previous meeting
and submitted. The company's contention
was that the assessment of $5,&.*5,2?3
would increase its taxes to $34,(KX» more
than the amount allowed by the Supervi
sors In fixing the water rates. This, the
company's representatives claimed, would
be a breach of faith on the part of the
Supervisors In their capacity as a Board
of Equalization.
"The figures of the ¦water company,"
Supervisor Reed said, "are entirely cor
rect. This assessment does raise its taxes
$43,000 over what we allpwed. But the in
crease la offset by certain other factors
that must be considered. In the first
place, there is an Increase In the receipts
rrom consumers. They admit that tne
Increase amounted to $10u.txw last year
and as much or more is expected this
year. That alone more than offsets the
increase In taxes.
"We ngured th© valuation very liberally
in fixing the water rates. We allowed the
company 5 per cent on a valuation ot
J26,0uO,0w. It should have been placed at
about $20,000,000."
Supervisor Braunhart said that the
wattr company's contention, ir valid,
would mean that If competition were to
cut down the dividends to nothing no
taxes whatever could be collected wltnout
breach of faith.
Supervisor Sanderson said that when
water rau?s were being fixed the com
pany's estimate of operating expenses
nad been cut down $99,uOO, the argument
being made that the natural increase in
receipts from consumers would offset the
cut made. He did not think It was fair
row to offset the increase In taxes against
the same item. Reed did not remember
that the increase in receipts was consid
ered In connection with the cutting down
of the item for operating expenses. The
cut, moreover, was but $65,000.
"Our functions here." said Supervisor
d'Ancona, "are entirely separate from
those we exercise as Supervisors. What
we did then should not control our actions
now in equalizing assessments."
"Then we can be Dr. Jekylls and Mr.
Hydes politically?" queried Mr. Sander
son.
"We acted upon the information before
us," Supervisor McCarthy said, "but now
we should take Into consideration the re
sults of the Assessor's investigations."
Supervisor Sanderson moved that the
application be granted. He and Comte
voted aye and all the others present —
Booth. Boxton, Braunhart, Connor, Cur
tis, D'Ancona, Jennings. McCarthy and
Reed— voted In the negative. The motion
to deny the application was carried.
The attorney for the J. L. Whitcomb
estate was present to support the appli
cation of the trustees for the cancellation
of an assessment of $3,000,000. except $200.
000 on San Francisco property. He ex
plained that the estate"s wealth was in
vested in bonds held in New York, and
that the heirs lived In Paris, and con
tended that the bonds were not assessable
here.
Assessor Dodge said the trustees resid
ed here and the estate was probated here.
The trouble was. he asserted, that the
estate had escaped payment of taxes on
the bonds for the past ten vears. The
Crocker estate, similarly situated, paid
taxes on its bonds held in New York
without any protest. The board denied
the application.
The Sutter Street Railway Companv
asked a reduction in Its franchise asses3*
ment from $1,350,623 to $709,790. A. K. Ste
vens, secretary of the company, was pres
ent and said that such an assessment
would prevent the company from paying
& 5 per cent dividend. Assessor Dodge
quoted facts and figures In defense of his
assessment. A remark of Secretary Ste
vens to the effect that It was rough on
the company caused Supervisor McCarthy
to reply:
"It was rough on the city when you
tore up Bush street to remove the rails
and did not put It in shape again."
The application was denied, but the ap
plication of the same company for a re
duction of the franchise assessment of
$20,000 on the Sutro Railroad Compan>
to the old nominal assessment of $150 waa
granted. i
The Giant Powder Company's petition
that the assessment of $150,000 'on Us fran
chise be canceled was denied.
F. H. Pitman, secretary of the Judson
Dynamite and Powder Company, was
present on a summons to appear and show
cause why the assessment on the com
pany's franchise should not be raised, it
being placed at a nominal amount. The
Inquiry resulted from a remark by Attor
ney Plllsbury Saturday that the Califor
nia Powder Works had been discriminated
against. From the showing made Asses
sor Dodge said he would strenuously op
pose any raise in the Judson Company's
assessment. No change In the Assessor's
figures was made.
J. J. Rauer presented a statement of
solvent credits. An arbitrary assessment
of $5000 had been levied. He petitioned
for a reduction, and was told to prepare
a statement of his solvent credits. He
did bo and the amount was $5327. The
board promptly raised the assessment to
that amount. Rauer testified that he had
but S9 cents In the bank at noon on the
first Monday. in March.
On the showing made by Major C. L.
Tllden for the Sanitary Reduction Works,
Its assessment was reduced from $60,000 to
$25 000.
J J Smith wanted the assessment of
$37 500 on the bark Abbie Palmer can
celed and W. E. Mighell asked the same
for assessments amounting to more, than
$100 000 on vessels, all of which were regis
tered at Port Townsend. Assessor Dodge
claimed that the permanent registration
of the vessels was here, and said that
City and County Attorney Lane held that
the vessels were taxable here. \The peti
tions were denied.
HAWAIIAN REVENUES
NOT VERY PROMISING
Burt M. Thomas and Assistants Will
Ijeave'Honolulu for This (Jity
Next, Week 4 .
William Hay wood, the newly appointed
Internal Revenue Agent at Hawaii,, will
assume the duties of his office on July 20.
A week later Special Revenue Agent Bun
Thomas, ,. Deputy Collector Frick and
G aU ger Driscoll will leave Honolulu on
the Peking to resume their duties in this
district. ' _,
The Internal revenue collections In Ha
waii will not be large. The total num
ber of special license establishments i»
as follows: Wholesale liquor dealers, 20;
retail liquor dealers. 175: brokers, 25;
banks 12: tobacco dealers (over 50,000
pounds), 20: - theaters. 2. The revenue
licenses on these occupations axe: Whole
sale liquor, $100 per annum; retail liquor.
$25; brokers. 150; tobacco dealers, $12;
theaters, $100. _
Petroleum Industry Revived.
George Partridge delivered an interest-
Ing lecture on the "Rise of the Petroleum
Industry" before the Academy of Sciences
last night There was a large crowd pres
ent. The speaker referred to the first dis
covery of petroleum In the country aad
gave statistics -showing that America was
the first on the list or oil producing coun
tries. He predicted that before long bor
ing I for petroleum would be one " of ths
most extensive industries In America.
A Iiarg« Number of Important Peti
tions Considered at the Final
Session of the Board of
Equalization.
Sutter-Street Railway's Ap
plication for Reduction
Denied.
ASSESSMENT OF
SPRING VALLEY
LEFT UNCHANGED
REAL ESTATE TRANACTIONS.
Hannah Crate, J. C. and Hannah \. Keye
and Louisa A. Osrood to .Nettie and Samuel
Rouda. lot on S line of Ellis street, 137:6 K of
Octavia. E 25 by S 120; $10,
Catherine M. Fllnn (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on S line of Seventeenth etreet, SB W
of Howard, W 25 by S 100; $2250. - 4 . . •
Andrew C. T. Jacobsen to George and Marie
II. Jacobsen, lot on N" line of Twenty-third
street, 70 XV of Bryant. W 30 by N 100; gift.
Robert William McDaniel to Edwin H. Mc-
Daniel, lot on E line of Dolores street. 200 S
of Twenty-fourth, S 30 by E 125; also lot on NE
correr of Munich and Russia, streets. N 150 by
E 100, tlock Si, Excelsior Homestead; also lot
on E line of Munich street, 150 S of Persia, S
SoO by E 1C0, same; also lot on W line o£
Twenty-fifth avenue, 300 S of R street. S 125
by W! 240; also lot on E line of Hoffman ave
nue. 41 N of Visltaclon street. N 41. E itJ:6 2-3,
S 41. XV 95:3 1-3. lot 2, block 1, Sunny Vale
Homestead; $10.
Joseph, Harriet, Jacob and Bertha Weissbein
to Henry Heinz, lot on 6 line of Alvarado
street#lti5 E of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), E 37:6
by S 118, lots S5 and S6, Heyman Tract; $10.
Henry Esberar to Simon L. Goldberg, lot on
SW corner of Folsom street and Volney alley
(Elizabeth). SW 57:6 by SE 80; $6000.
John H. Wise to Charles A. Laton, lot on SW
line of Brannan place. 200 SE of Btannan
street, also 335 NE of Seventh, SE 75 by SW
60: also lot on SE line of Arlington street, 263
NE of illeuel, SW S4, SE 100, NE 84, NW 95,
block 36, Fairmount: J10.
Nettle M. Levy to Victor J. Stearns, lot on
NW line of Minna street, 125 NE of Eighth, NE
20 by NW SO; J10O.
Estate of Rcsetta A. Sedgley (by Edith C.
Sedgley. Jchn Kelso and E. B. Mastick. trus
tee*) to Frank A. Arnold (administrator of
¦estate of Mary A- Arnold), lot on NW corner
of Utah and Eighteenth (Solano) streets, N
C2:2 by W 100; $1500.'
George F. Lyon to Hans Jacobsen, lot on E
line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska). 75 S of
Nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by E 100; $10.
Lee Ann Harrison to Ada I. McMahan. re
record 1S66 D. 4, lot on NE corner of Twenty
elfchth avenue and J street, E 132:6. N 100, W
12 6, N 25. E 120, N 73, W 120. N 150. W 120,
s" 350: also lot on E line of Twenty-eighth a»e
nue 123 S of I street. S 25 by E 120: excepting
from first described NE corner of Twenty
eighth and J streets, E 132:6 by N 100; $1000.
Dedie Place (wife of J. N.) and Charles S.
Scott to Olive Verkouteren, lot on NE corner
of Felton (Henry) and College streets, N 100
by E 120 block 55, University Mound; $10.
"Hibernia Savings and Loan-society to John
Murray, lot on E line of California avenue,
125 S of Eve. S 25 by E 132: $150.
Pame to Stephen Matthles. lot on E line of
California avenue. 150 S of Eve, S 60 by E 132;
; $350
Margraret Brodrick to James Connell. lot 3.
block 3 Garden Tract Homstead Association;
$10. •
Alameda County.
L. and Annie Keho« to John P. Beckett, lot
en E line of Telegraph avenue, 44.40 S of Sher
man avenue. S 44.40 by E 110. being lot S on
Map of Subdivision Mosswood Tract, Oakland;
|10 .
John Millar to Adeline J. Buell. lots 21 and 22.
block F. Corrected Map Nicol Tract, Brooklyn
Township; *10.
G W. McKean and H. A. Pleitner (trustees
A. H. and Klirabeth A. Rloton) to Dome
nlco Fossatl. £S1 d. S9. let on N line of Bay
View r.venue, 10) E of Walnut street, E 50
by N 141, belne lot 3. block 10. Warner Tract.
Brooklvn Town?hli>. trustees'-deed; J100.
Domenico and Ro.«a Fossatl to H. A. Pleitner,
rame, Brooklyn Township; tlOO. •
Mary I>- Mills (Maxwell, wife of Edwin) to
Charles Wacncr, lot on NW line of Oakland
avenue, 95 E of Moss mow Santa- Clara) ave
nue. NE 30 by NW 126.25, being lot 9. block H,
Map of Oakland Helchts. Oakland; $10.
Central Land Company (a corporation), to
Charles P. Davies. re-record 7S6, d. 153. lot on S
line of Thirty-sixth street, 306.3 W of West, W
10 by S 120 :S, beinic the W 10 feet of lot 12,
block M. Mao of Property Central Land Com
pany, Oakland; 510.
Anna and Colman O'Grady to J. H. and B. E?
Lanjtry (his wife), lot on S line of Third street,
75 XV of Chestnut, W 26 by S 94, being the W
2 feet of lot 30, and all of lot 29, except the W
1 foot block 444. Map of Adeline and Market
etreet Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Julius A. and Henrlette B. Young: to Frank
N. Greeley, let on 8\V corner VirEtnia street
and Euclid avenue. W 50 by S 123, being lot 21,
block S, Daley's Scenic Tark, Berkeley; J10.
William J. and Virsrinla R. Dlngee to Mary
C. Reaaer <widow). lot on E line of Spauldlng
avenue, 143.30 N of Bancroft way, N 100 by E
129.25, belnr lot 34 and N 36.72 feet of lot 3o,
block 1. Spauldln* Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Mary A.
Rosebo (wife of Robert J.). lots 14, 15 and 16,
block 10, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
ho.
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Bros, (owners) with Eceles &• Smith
(contractors), architects Reid Bros.— Daylight
prism glasswork for building on S line of Mar
ket street, between Fifth and Sixth; J16O3 SO.
John H. Sullivan (owner) with L. G. Bergen
(contractor and architect)— AH work except
mantel, sev.er and water connections for a one
story frame cottage on E line of Fourth ave
nue, 142 X of California street; I16SJ.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Burnham.
Standeiorrl Company, a corporation, (contrac
tors), architect G. W. Percy— Making of win
dow frames and sash for an eleven-story and
basement hull. line on NE corner of California
and Montgomery streets. N 93 by E 87:6; ?3>T1.
THE SAjST FKAis CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY IT, 1900.
13
Sta*w conaect at Saata Hcsa for Mark West
Springs aa<S Wnite Sulphur Eprlacs: at Fultaa
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservil!* for Slcasss Springs: at Cloverda!*
; for the Geysers: at Hoplaad for Duncan
Bprtnrs, Highland Sprtngrs. KslieyrlHe. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport aad Bartlett
Pprinys; at CViaH far Vichy Spr!nes. Sarator*
! Spring. Blue L ":es. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Briars. Upper LaXe. Pomo. Potter Valley,
Jona Day's. R!rer*1de, Lt<Tl»y*, BBc!cae:V«.
; eanhef ta - Hrtshts. Hullvl'le. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendf>c!no City. Fort Bracx. West-
I port. Usal. Winits. LaytonTlIle, Ctrarairs.
Bell's Sprlan. Harris, Ol.en's. Dytr. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday ta Monday round tr!o tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round tr!a tickets ta an point*
feeyord Ears Rafael «t hair rates.
Ticket ©?*cm. CO Market St.. Chrcntel» bids.
H. C WHITING. R_ X. RTAS.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asent.
MOUNT TAMALPAB SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via. SausaUto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. el, 1:43 and 5:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. ra.. 1:30. 2:33 p. m.
Fare Saa Francisco to Summit and return $1 4i>.
N'EW TAVERJJ OF TAMALPAIS N'OW OPEN.
Lear* J In Effect. I Arrtr*
Ban rranclico. [Apr. 15. 1900-1 Ban Francisco^
Week I San- I ! Sun- I Week"
Days. I days. I Destination.] days. I Days.
T:33 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 arat S:40 aa
1:30 pm 9:30 am Peta'.uma. 1:05 pra;10:J3 aa»
1:13 pm 8:00 pm Sacta Ro«a. T:33 pro. * : » PQ*
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:3 ta
HeaidsburaT.
Lytton.
Giyserrirte.
1:30 pra 8:00 an Cloverdale. 7:35 pra t:M pta
7:S0 arat I Hoplaad I 110:25 am
1:33 pm! 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:33 pcaj t:tO pra
7:30 aa 10:23 ia
8:00 un Goernerllle. 7:35 pm
1:50 pm l:!0 pet
T:S0«un 8:00 am Sonoma t:14 am S:40aza
?".ind
8:10 pra t:00 pra G'.en Ellea. »:35 pra <:t0 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am! |10:« am;i0:K am
1:33 pa| S:CO ;m| Sevastopol. I 7:33 pm| 1:20 pm
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AND KOBTH PAMFIC
RAILWAY COMPAiW.
Tlsuroa Fcrrj. Foot ot .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"VTIXX. DATS— 7:20. »:00. 11:00 a, m. : 15:33.
t:tO. 8:10. t:Za v. o. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:«9 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trt?» at 1:m»
and 11:33 d. m.
6UNDATS— 3:C0. »:J0. 11:00 a, m.: 150. J:M.
».-{*. «:K> ». m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS-«:ia. 7:S0, »:». U49 *. in.: H:*\
1:40. 5:15 p. in. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:S5 and 1:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10. 9:40. U:» a. m.: 1:40. 1:44,
5:05. t:li p. rn.
Between S&a Franeiseo aad Scbuetzea Park
•ame schedule aa above. -
94108
Could you take a Santa Fe
train clear from San Fran-
cisco to Chicago — now you
can go at 9 every morning
with Sleepers and Diner — at
4:10 p. m. you can go to
Stockton and at 8 p. m. to
Fresno and Bakersfield —
Sleepers on this, too — Learn
something about it at 628
Market street, or at our of-
fice in the'Ferrv —
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND A>D SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesdav, July 25, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Hcnolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia.. Wed.. Aug. 8. 8 p. ra.
L D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. iMMontgomen
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific St FreijMOSIce.327 Market SL
NEVER
BEFORE
AMERICAN LINE.
HI TORS. 80UTH1XPT09. LONDON. PABH
Stopplne at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Et. Paul July ISf New Tork ...August 8
St. Louis July 23 St. Paul August 15
RED STA^ LINE.
f-"«w York crjd Antws--».
From New Tork every 'Wednesday. 13 noon.
Ftle«land July lS]We!tern!and .August I
Southwark July 15' Kensington ..Augusts
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
y \ SO Montromery street.
TOYO KISENKAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HoncKonc with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of tailing-
SS. AMERICA MARU
j Friday. Au»-ust 3, 1900
ES. HONGKOIO MARU
M Wednesday, August Ti. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September J2, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip .tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. W MONTGOMERY 6T.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 123 POST ST
THE Oi R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Soear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 F«rst"Cla»s including Berti
In nl. S3 Second Class ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
.. Jnly 1?. C Aar. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. S7. Aug. «
Short line to Walla "Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points la the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Azent.
630 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. /
" . " Superintendents.
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. . DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALilERS
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF A.VI
ORGANIZATION havlns a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is $26. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND "Notice— Dlvid7nd~No. 81 (twenty^
five cents per Ebare) of the Hutchlnsop Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after . Friday. July 2Cth. 1S00. Transfer books
; I will close oa Saturday, July 14th, 19G0, at 12
i j o'clock m.' E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John J. Donovan. 23. 212^4 Perry street, and
I Daisy K. Gay. IS, 230 Sanchez Etr-et.
j Joseph J. Foley. 30, city, and Mary E. Mc-
j Oowan. 21. city.
! Martin F. Hrubanck,- 32, 1505 Geary street,
j and Laura F. Fltzpatrick. 14. 2106 Hyde street.
I Robert McKown. 25, 56713 Howard street, and
Florence Me Andrews, 23, 967B Howard street.
William J. Hagan. 27. 24 Natoma street, and
Annie A. Thornton. 27, 24 Natoma etreet.
Daniel G. O'iiahcny, 35. city, and Hanora A.
Connelly, 30, city.
j > BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by-
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOGE-In this city. July 15. l?00. to the wife of
J. A. lioee, a son.
MILNE-In this city, July 14, 1300, to the wife
of Walter O. Milne, a daughter.
PRIOR— In this city, June 23. 1300. to the wife
of J. K. Prior Jr.. a daughter.
DIED.
Amos, Mary D. Langrnack, John
Cassidy. Annie Mills. Mrs. MargTett
Cereghino. Mrs. C. Nagel, Marie li.
Connell. Lillian M. Ostrowski, Carl C. E.
Cranz. Louise Owens, John F.
Davis, Margaret Rogers. W. Wright
De Veuve. Laura Seeligsohn. Abraham
Dugan. Mary A. Simon. Herrmann L.
Evans. Hanr.ah P. Stormfield. Chas. F.
Giovanlni. Louis A. Torrence, John S.
Jaeobsen, Christian Walsh. Joseph F.
A. T. . Whiteside. Capt. Jos.
Johnson, Charles O.
AMOS-In this city, July 16, 1900. Mrs. Mary
Dillon Amos, beloved mother of J. D. Amos
and Mrs. C. C. Giimore, a native of Ireland,
j aged 70 years.
C?"Funeral services at her late residence,
¦ 322S Twenty-first street, this day (Tuesday),
I at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
CASSIDY— In this city. July 14. 1900. Annie
Cas-sidy. widow of Philip Cassldy, and mother
! of James J. Casrldy of New York, a native
of Olenarm. County Antrim, Ireland.
C7Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late- residence. 314 Ritch
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requi?m mass will be celebrated, com-
mencing et 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CEREGHINO— In Halfmoon Bay. July 15. 1900.
Mrs. Caroline Cereghlno. mother of Mrs. J.
Lercari and Adeline, Dora and Joseph Cere-
ghino. and sister cf J. de Benedetti. a native
of Holy, aged 47 years.
(C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(V.'tdnesday). at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3276 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twer.ty-nlnth and Church
j street*. where a solemn requiem mass
will lie celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNELL— In this city. July IS, 1W0. at the
residence ot her aunt. Mrs. A. C. Forsythe.
1324 Fulton street. Lillian Margaret, dearly
beloved and only child of John J. and Minnie
Connell, and granddaughter of the late Dan-
iel and Margaret Haererty. a native of Cali-
fornia, ased 11 years and 8 days.
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the residence of her aunt.
1324 Fulton street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church for services at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRANZ-In this city, July 16. 1300, Louise, be-
loved wife of T. IX Cranz, and mother of
Mrs. E. W. Pape. Mrs. C. E. Washburn and
Dr. L. T. Cranz. a native of Holstein, Ger-
many, aged 5<5 years <Los Angeles, Cal., and
Davenport, Iowa, papers please copy.)
CT Funeral Wednesday. Notice of time
hereafter.
DAVIS— In this city. July IS. 1900. Margaret
Davis, a native of Maryland, aged 54 years.
DE VCrVE-In this city. July 14. 1900. Laura
de Veuve, beloved wife of the late Colonel
Henry de Veuve, and mother of Mrs. Freder-
ick G. Dodge, Premiss, James H.. Clarence.
Earl. Gardner and the late Henry P. de
Veuve, a native of Mississippi, aged 61 years
10 months and 5 days. (Chicago, 111., St.
Louis. Mo., Galveston, Texas, and Richmond.
Va_. papers release copy.)
C7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Episcopal Church. Fulton street, between
Webster and Fllimore. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DUGAN— In this city. July 15. 1SO0. Mary
Agnes Dugan. a native of Rathkale, County
Limerick, Ireland, aged 65 years.
EVANS— In Oakland. July 13, 1900. at 52S Knox
place, Hannah P. Evans, mother of Josephine
C. Evans and Virginia Evans Smith, a na-
tive of New Jersey. *«:ed S3 years.
fC^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 11:30 o'clock, at chapel of Odd Fellows'
Crematory, San Francisco.
GIOVANINI— In this city. July 16. 1900. Louis
Albert, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Giovanini. and brother of William P.,
Thereca M., Attillo, Romeo and Paul Gio-
vanini. aged 4 years 3 months and S days.
IC?"Nottce of funeral hereafter.
JACOBSEN— In this city, July 16, 1900, Chris-
tian A. T. Jacobsen, beloved father of George
and Marie Jacobsen, and father-in-law of
Mrs. George Jacobsen. a native of Echleswljr,
Germany, aged 77 years 5 months and IS
days. —-
C^Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2Si6 Twenty-third street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON-In this city. July 16. 1900, Charles
I Oscar Johnson, beloved brother of Frank J.
Johnson, a native of Missouri, aged 37 years
CTRemalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary- Funeral private.
Interment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LANGMACK— In this city. July 14. 1900, John
Langrr.ack, dearly beloved husband of Ama-
lie LanKinack. a native of Flensburg-, Ger-
many, aged 37 years 11 months and 25 days.
A member of Germania Stamm No. S3. U. O.
R. M.. and the Vereln Concordia.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 132 Hartford street, thence to U. O. R.
M. Hall. 510 Bush street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Germanla
Stamm No. S3, U. O. R. M.. commencing at
2 o'elijcki Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MILLS— Iii this city. July 18. 1300. Mrs. Mar-
Brett Mills of Napa, aged 61 years. (New
Zealand paoers please copy.)
NAGEL— In thia city, July 16, 1300, Marie
Elizabeth Nagel. beloved wife of J. Nagel,
mother of Mrs. W. Thomas and Miss Joseph-
ine Naeel, and sister of Mrs. J. Tanke, Mrs.
N. Burken of W&tsonville. Mrs. N". Britz of
Bakersfleld and Mrs. A. Koehncke. a native
Of Kerlin, Germany, aged 41 years.
OSTROWSKI— In this city. July 16, 1900, Carl
C. B. Ostrowski. dearly beloved husband of
Rosie Ostrowskt. and father of Freddie,
Charlie, Mary, Roeie, Wllhelmina and Albert
Ostrowski, a native, of Germany, aged 42
years 10 months and 6 days. A member of
Court Hubertus No. 15, F. of A.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 1209 Mission street, between
and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, for
services, commencing at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OWENS— In Manila. P. I., May Jl, 1900,
John Francis, dearly beloved son of John and
Hannah Owens, and brother of Agnes J.
Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years and 7 months.
ROGERS— In Alameda, July 15, 1900, XV.
Wright, beloved son of William J. and Mar-
garet P»cgers. a native of Alameda, Cal.,
- aged 10 months and 6 days.
SEELIGSOHX — In this city July 14. 1900.
Abraham, beloved husband of Estelle Seellg-
sohn, father of Helen Seellgsohn, and
brother of Mrs. E. Simon. Mrs. M. Green and
SeliR M., Sol and Rose^ Seeligsohn, a native
of Han Francisco, aged 44 years and 4 months.
E7The funeral services will take place
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2019 Pacific avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SIMON— In this city, July — . i?00, Herrmann
Louis, beloved father of Louis and Alfred
Simon. Mrs. Lionel Heynemann and Anna
Simon, a native of Gerfnany. aged 65 years 8
months and 4 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1640 Pine street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
STORM FIHLD— In this city. July 16. 1900
Charles F.. beloved husband of Annie Storm-
field, and father of Frank and Oscar Storm-
fipld and Mrs. Christine Walcott. a native of
BAIXBOAD TBAVZL.
m?trxbh rxvtpiv conrABT.
|p*cirio «t*tcx.)
mam PttAncnr*!
' ,- k i*l nn line. Foot of iiatket Street)
Uats — rr.ou Mat 13. 19C9. — iKiirs
*7:O9a Benlctft, ituUnn. Eiair*. TicmifJa,
Ransisy auii bierkiueutn *7i43*
•7:00* Shuu i:xnr. u-I>tvU WiUlams (fot
Bart>t( Springs). ft'Ulowa, 1;«k|
BloS. l-oii^....! *7»S3»
•7iSOt HkrUnex. s»u Ummoa, Vi!>] >. N>pa«
C»li»^js tml Hants Uosa *9:l3p
'8:00a Ditis. ffuodlaod. Knight* Landing.
M&rjtfllle. OrotHlo *7>I3»
•«iOO» Atlintio Kiprr«i- Ue'.eu and E«st *11>«Sa
¦•ta*A Han Joh, i.i»ermor»-, Mtoeklon,
lone, H»CTsm«atu, PlaerrtUla,
.Mi.r.««L>. Cfcieo. Ue.! Kinif MlI9f
•«:3»* Oik. !»'-. Chine** (foi YusexiUX
ft-man. Carters. ••:«-¦»»
••:••» Ilkj-.r .• MOM sad Way suiIom. •¦ I ;4.-»»
*9>«Oa Lcs AoiSea £xpre<a — MarUuos,
Tr»ey, Lathrop. »toek(on, Mercru
ktij Krc«nu *dil3r
•B:S»A V«iM». Maxtin»i ami W«» .Stftilnna *«t4.1>
MOtl)U> Tbs O»erlma limited — Ogdau. D*n-
»er, Umaba, Cbicafj *ail.1v
•1 1:0*4 NUcs. lJtennore. 4u>clito», ".¦»«»•
tatnt* Mtndota. lUufuril, VUilla,
Vortsrtii:* •liilp
•I «on« ll\jw%tJt. N!lea •txl War Siatloaa. *¦*€>¦
»l:Mr!»«mu.iiUil:iiMiifi»i«n ta O'»*
•m:O»r Hajwards. N.iei and Vf»j dUlloc.. *3: »5r
MiOUp Slutim r, Httn n*iar)n, V«!isjo.
Nap*. Ca.!i>t«K*. Sar.U llota *Villl»
•4:O»r Braicia. Wlat«Ta, HamannM
Wixnllanil. Knijl.t* l.»iijluj.
M«,.»i.lf, «)rt.wi:!» ••«»: «1.
•4i»Op NIIe», »»n Jn**»ud Stoekcoa *7:I5»
•3:OOfTlio Onl I.lailted-Ti»cy. Ttwaa.
BtkenSeld. .Sj.ipii for Santa Bu-
ton, Loa Jkueltt. ••:I3*
•St«Op Tremna PacMnger— Startlncs, iAth-
rop. dtocktoo. Uerre<L B«reo(U
(Kajraoadior 1ToMxit«). »iMua. *l9:llv
•SiSarKsw >rie*a» Eipmt-IUitrifieUL
Haata Uarbaia. Laa Aujf.n. l*rm-
int. HI raM. New Orleiul and
Bast •••«»
*3tS«PManU Ta Uonte-Atlaiitlo EipfMs
tat UoJ»f» ami K»»t **tl3»
«» t OOf n»jw»reK NilraaaU.-wn Joa> »7a4»«
? •:OOr Vallajo # l *ilSr
•UiO»rOr!entaI M»!l— Ojlsa. Ct>«7«Bca.
Omaha. Cfcfitga *I1i-45a
•«i«9r Orisotal Jl.U-Oj-Soa. D«nier.
Omaha. Chk»<a *4il3r
JT.«Or VaUeJo. Port Cwta a»d Way Sta-
tions. „ :» 3»r
•iioSr Oreznn aad OsJlfomi* Kirr*" i< »3-
miieutn. Msr|itl!t*. fteitiltiif,
r«.rt:«i..l. Pii|»t H.» t au.l r»»t «tt!3>
COAST DIVISION (Marian «;»¦»«).
< (Toot of a^rkgt 3tt»et.)
17:43a e*cu Cnt Sxeurtion for Hint* |
Cruz 4-J Triaclpftl Wai SUtions }ti«Sr
Boulder Crnt.!)tnUOiu aud W»f
StaUous •••»»r
tStlSr Kswsrt CsntwTlUa, San Jn« >?(•¦»
Altnadea, Fslton, llnnK!«r Creek,
Suits I'm: awl l'tiBoipal Wai
StaUona tl»>.1«a
Mtl.tp Newark. Han Jna*. Lna Gatot *»:»•«
<M:ISf GlenwooJ. Feltoo. ft%nts Cnn «.1:»W4
CREEK ROUTE FERRV.
it*asu riiisuco— rxt »r ».t».i strMt<s:i>t>—
•7:1» »OO 11 00».a. t!:C3 *a:83 13:O>
•i:C3 13:13 •8:C3P.«.
ri«0iILl«3-fisi»r3fj«i»if.— '«.OO 8:00 10 00. M.
t».C3 *I:33 t2:C3 «3:53 |l:53 '%:Mr.».
COAST MTMIM (Brnm.I(i»oi««).
(Thlnl and To-.f na»inl 3t».)
(•tlOAOceaii Via*. South Am Frsneiico.. tsi3«i*
t?:«O* R»u Jos. »i..l Way St«ti..i.« (N«w
Ahtiulm W«,!i,M.lariin:l;) •!•»•*
t7iS*A Sondai Excursion f»r Saa Jo»%
6*:.U Crux. P»^2s Groie aad
rrt.-idp*: W.* Suticns J«:33f
••i««4 Han Jum. Trea I'lnne. Hant» Crin.
PaciAe «:>»ra. ran K..l..e«. Han
I.nls O!. !«..<>. Surf, Lompoc a»4
l'r l»elp»l Way Ktatl.wa * I : I » f
•10:10, p xa J,,,, „,,! V7ij Htsllons ....... >a :Xl«
•II<3O» MajiJn«<i.LosCatosau4WaiMUtlot>« •Stftop
t3i4.tr San Mateo. Knlwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Kan .!•••*.
Tr«s I'incs hanta O»z, d«!inas,
Uonlerej uid PaeiAe GrnTt 1IA:3<I*
f»<S»if H» n Jm»*n.l VTaf Stations *?:3»r
M:l3r San Jon au.l Principal Way Station* •»: 15*
t3:OOr S»j Jots. Loa Gato* aud Principal
W»y bi.tiou* t»iOW*
»3:3Op Ssc Joss *n<l l"riueip»l Way SUUoas t>*:31*
*>!.1Op 9sa Joss sn.l Wsy8tsttoni {">•>•»«
«ll:4.^r San Joi^in.l Way Statlima **:3l)r
A for Morntug P (or A f ter iionn.
'Daily. |tiuii<1ai eicepted. I handa» onli.
b S»turi»» only.
• 3»firdi» sad Sur.'liy < Sundai sad Moodu.
eekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ROSS C CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.
Los Ansreles. Cal
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
AND BOSTON.
Ths finest, fastest and best equipped train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for sucerlor accommodations.
BAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Ccmtnendnr April 22. IX*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VU.LLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— t:CO. 'S:^ 9:30. U:00 a. m.s
12:45. '1:45. »:li. 4:15, •*:!&. «:1S. t:i» p, m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at i:00 and 11:35 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. '3:00. •» :00l ' *1»:00, 11:00. 11 :J»
a. nu: 11:«. *1:3». 1:30. 1;*, ¦ ltf>, | : oo, j-M
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua-
dayi. ¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM-^SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:S5, »«:30. 7:S0. «:««. »10:la a.
B>.; 11:30. 1:13. 2:15. t:Z0, 4:S0. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at M:4i and W:20 p. m
SUN DAYS-* :1J. »S:O0. »9:M. -U^a, m-: »U:0»
m.: 1:W. 1:13. *3:30. 4:39. »5:4J. «:4i. J:30. 18:2»
p. m. ¦
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*:53. .:45. 1:00, *:55. 10:tt «.
m.; lt:M. 1:4S. 1:45. »:S0. 4:S«. 1:20 p. re.
EXTIIA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaesd*r«
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:!0 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 1:35, 3:05. 10:05. U:1O a. m.: U-UL
l:M. 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. C:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. -sre*k day*— Cazadcro and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta>
tlons.
t:15 p. in. I weekdays (8atnrf ay» except-d)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
l:(0 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero acd way ru-
tlons. '
li:4S p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations.
BAY AND BIVES STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLio/
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15. S:SO p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 P. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. rn., 8
p. rn. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150*.
FARE : 50c.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37B'dw>. N. T
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California St., corner Sansome, S. F.
COUFAGNIE GZNESALE T2ANSATLA5TIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »<^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S33. at ->*»r*3»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North RJver. foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAOXE. July 19; LA
CHAMPAGNE. July 26: LA TOCRINE, August
2: L'AQUITAINE August 9. First class to
Havre. $S2 SO and upward. Second class to
Havre. Ji5 and upward: S per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Cosst Agent*. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
KOSMOS LINE ™.;eH g
"-,ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls. 4500 tons, salis about Angnst 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS: CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office,
327 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m ' Steamers leave Broadway I
fcj^ wharf, San Francisco:
V#5*^^ Fcr Alaskan ports— 11 a. ra.. >
KPrftSJi July IS. CO. 23. so. Aus-J-'t * '¦
t^&'vS^S'C 1^ Chan*» to company's ftfiEcrs '
5^t^1\'Aa at Seattle. i
f jf^vi*Si V-S3 For Victoria. Vancouver (E ;
aBviv'^'M c '- Port Town?end, Seattle. !
/"^^HsgjfcSg] Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes j
ft jid New Whatcorn (Wash.)— !
11 ». m.. July l;. JO. Jj. S3.
August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle ta this company's rteamers
for Alaska and O. N\ R'y. ; at Tacoraa to N\ P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. July
12. 17. 22. - 27. August 1. aad every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Pan Simeon, C«7-
uec«. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gariota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m., July- 14. 18, tt 28. JO. August J, and
ever7 fourth day thereafter.
For San Diesa. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa. Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Kedondo (Loa Angeles) — 11 a.
rn.. July 12. 15. 20. 24. 23. August 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. A'.tata. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ¦ •
For further Information obtain company's
folders. •
The company reserves) th# right to change
steamers, ealting dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
PERSOXALS.
AHLBORN House, J19 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead
ir.e German-American hotel of San Francisco
$1 per £» v * aa u ?: finest meais in city. 25c.
W ANTED — O!d-fashicned silver, brass, copp*
ware; curios, all descriptions. 5:5 Dupont st
LEU'ERER'S Fcamo Shampoo cleanses th
s<-«:; and beeps it clean ;Sc pkg: better buy It
6UITP to crder on easy payments. Art Tailor
ir.fc Co., Examiner building, room 407.
ALKRKDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gra
hair W Its natural eclor. II; at all druggists
CAST-OFF r^thir.K.cM pold and silver bought
ser.d jx*tal. COLEMANS. f.06 Kearny st
O D. MOP.SE. phctrprapher. I60* Pacific ave.
rx>r »¦<¦«¦?; Pierr* «rfl Pcntt : prKne Steiner 3391
PHOTOGRAPHIC SIPPLIES.
WE !<-ar. kodaks frw: photo supplies. Piacku
fTjlw. II Grair ft., eround and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
Bit. criANPTON. the preat srveciaTlstT^has re
surr.ed practice at IKS Market, cor. Taylor
offices ti and 25; take elevator.
DR C. C. ODONNELL— Office and resldenc*
REAL C$TATI%— CITV — FOR SALE
A PELE<TEI) list of some exce^d!nely~cheT
and iceil-located lets. ¦
Vai!«\i<> tt.. south side. bet. Baker and Lyon
n:€x:27:«i; above the grade; close to the Pre
•ifiio; can be bought for about what it is assess
ed at; -mamine and submit oiler; this is i
loveiy and titely lot; the marire view is like i
j.ar.orarr.a_
Cheapest corr.er In Richmord; NE. cor. o
Print Lr-bos sr.d l'th ave?.; 21.6x100: only 11500
this iot cost S4iOCi ; a grocer stands ready to tak
a l*ase If a ooc-gtoTT building is erected.
Two Iotf. tSxSSt, on nth ave.. near Clrae:
ct.; or.'.y %:'V> for both. \V. J. GUNN.
SSO California ft.
IiS*>— MODERN 5-room house in choice iocatJoi
<--n Walier St.. near Pierce. 1 bloc* fron
Ii*i£ht-5t. CAra; finished with tnarUe steps
frescoei c«i!lr.g«. S wix>d mantels, hard-f.n
'.Bhed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth tash
balance J.".f» monthly. F. NELSON. fcjil'Jer
I'rtt build 4-rocm bajr>wlndow cottnse
eU plumbing; tasement hard 0nlrtrf4< %oot
wcrk: plans furr.ithed: wi'l take »;Jd bui'd
ir.ir part r^tyrnent for nf«-. I>rop postal,
<?EO. M. SALSBURT, Ruiid'r. ~H7 Po!k Et.
MODERN houses and fiats built at lowest
prices; tAir.f ar.d estimates furaished for al
bu:!d!r.K work. CAMPBELL 114? Mission ft.
F'~'2i sait — cr.far; 5T-fo<>t lot. 4 living roomi
end pr-rf-^ry Btore. Ait->' WM S*n Bruno road.
|30- MUST be fold at or.ce: owner going U
N-rr.": 2: « : xlJ4: ft., near Dolores; street
«^w»rp(3 ar.-l jradfi and ready for building;
pc<od locatinn for flats and c«?ar car line anU
in iin* of c>nd improvements: rart cash, 11
nerr Fs-i-x . Apply owner, S. H. SMITH. 2t1
M<.«ritKr>mery «.
>T RESIDENCE on Htrri«rn «t.. near broad-
pauce. Oakland: 12000. A-l^.r^FK Box 15.'?. Ca'l.
KEAL ESTATE COIVTRV For Sale
IF ; os v.-ar.t a cer.uirje barca'n see this fine
ftx-k farm; €C<> acres; near R. R. town; 3;
miles from thia city: price about cost oi im-
praveoaenta tor <juick rale to close an estate;
jh -¦'. -•irrarhs and full }<articu'.ars this office.
li. H. CRANE. 508 CaliforpU st.
MARLS CO.. ii miles from S. F— HO to JSO per
acre; choice lands in tracts of ail sizes', im-
ir.^ri farms, chicken ranches, hay. rraln.
rr^It ar.4 veeetable lar.ds; easy terms; rail
fi-.d wsrer trariEU: cood schools. HOME ANL»
FARM CO.. rocm 2. Sth floor. Mills llig.. S.F.
BOSS Valley house, ter: rorrra? and outhouses.
larse prrur-is»with shade trees, near station:
ra'e cr r'r.:; n!?^ Bi-j-eere trflrts. wooded, JiJQ
ISM an acr«. JAMES TUX6TEAD. .San An-
flmn.
FOR Fa> cr rtrt. at M:i! Valley, two l : room
ccttapes; mrKierr. Improvement*; fru.t tre^s
sn<i >1aei of ever) 1 variety. Address J.
ADAS!.-. Corte Madera. Cal.
ACCURATE i"»rs-:Eal knowledge— each of tfte
Mm rrir.ches on SALE and KXCHANGE
litt M r r" rfeta aa other agents ir this city.
N P glCKELS. the land ag-r.t. o G»ary.
* PHECTED list. M. ORIFKIN". VJS Market;
city and rr>ur.tr>' pror^rty Mid and exchanged.
tZZ-i— REDUCED: 5 acres r.car San Jo^e; all cr-
rhard: h.ius". well. *tc SPARROW. 9 Oary.
ROOMS FOR UOrSEKEEPIXC.
A FLAT at 4 beautiful larpe rocrr.s. wide hall,
stationary tubs. i»ith bath, completely fur-
nished ft>r h:u5»kf»p:r.«; hot and cold water;
pa* *nd t^lT-horie; new house; fine view;
h»-aSt^y location; ir. a Krall, private farr.lly;
Ti'' cfaildrca uir.t«x5; rent reasonable. 4221
TwriT:<?th st.. r.ear Ca*trc.
KHPY. J37 — Ninety rnraisbed sur.ny cor.nectlng
hsoitekeepinc room? ; fpler.114 1'X^tion.
FIFTH. Mi Eutte of cimnectine houBekeepir-g
r* rr.5; also tingle rocms for gentlemen; rea-
H r.ahle.
HOWARD. l^Cl— 2 cor.nectiTi^. completely fur-
olsfaed lioupekt-epir.g rooms; running water.
HYDE, JS34 — 3 sunny connecting rooms furnish-
ed for houffke*p!rg; 2 bed*, coal etove; J15.
LE%VIS. IS. off Taylor, near Pest— 3 furnished
and 2 unfurnished.
MINNA. S4> — Lar*r<? funny room, furcished for
h"UE*k«»ej>:r!g; rent IT.
OCTAVIA. KOS. crner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow room, n-.ar.tel ar.d gas; suitable ior two
person*; no. /
OAK. 1C^— Two nicely furnished rooms for
honwelceeptec; use nf Jaundrj 1 .* 110.
OFARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished rooms, ccrn-
jlete fcr housekeerins; 112 to lii.
FEVENTEEXTH, 2"0. near<^uerrero-3 or 4
furnished room; front and back parlor.
FILVER.-3'S. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen!
r.i •*;;•¦ furnished for hou»:keepinE.
eiXTH. Ufr-FrOBt and back parlors; suitable
'r>r office; also rooms for light housekeeping.
prifTH PARK. 1?4— Two sunny roctns. nicely
furr.ifhed for fccu^'Keepir.g.
TURK. TTT— 2 tur.ny unfurnished rooms and
kitchen with stove; private family; rea*on-
ab'».
A BRANCH Office f'r Call advertisements and
sur.scr!rtlor.s has been established at 1CS£ V"a-
len-!a st
KOO31S TO LET — Fnrn. and Lnfnrn.
A^KK^:Nlw?CK~I?5i:fc-E, 14S Sixth— Kooma
ZSe ts tl per r.irht, Jl il to XZ per week, and
i.g.M hcu^keeyiEg; cpen all eight.
BUBSTETT. :<_C Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
n'shpd rrr.s.. su!t»«. single; also unfurnished.
EI.»DT. «T3-^ brirht raaay Eir.g'e rocrr.s; gas;
water; cktft; $€ and $T a month.
EUr»T, €14— Large desirable room for gentle-
man; closet: rur.r.lr.g water; bath; 'phone-
prtrmtc family.
ELLIS. €39, oor. Larkin— «ur.ny front rocm:
folding r-f-C; We:Ebach light*: suitable for two.
FOLSOM. M!^ cnr. €th 'The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.ishei euany rooa«. cingle or suites; reascr.bl.
GEART. 45i«The Navarre>— Elegantly furnished
roome; suites cr single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
«.nd Mission »ts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; Iadi«s' parlcr; reading rocm; elevator.
GREEN, 417— Nice large, furnished room; suit-
at'e for one or two; rent SS.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; batlj«. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. «». cor. Cth— Nicely furnished eunny
room* reasonable; by day, week or month.
BOWARDJ l€0J. near Tweirtb— Rooms, clean,
new ar.d runny; references.
MARKET. 2U2 — Sunny front rooms; furnished
or unfurnished.
MASON. 215. r.r. OFarre!l— Newly fur. rms.,
M. 1% week; rerpectable: trans. D0c. SI day.
MINNA. €67. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window roorr. ti per week; transient.
NINTH. W lihaay front room to let; S5 per
racntfa; private family.
OAK. IIS— 1 large sunny front room, furnished
for r.ousfkff-pirif. Urge cloBet. ti; 1 fssme. 'A-
OFAHRELL. 20— gunny furnished rooms rnd j
office*: elevator; electric lights: day, wk., iij. j
JOWELL. i:i-L!cht. clean ns?.; suites or sin-
trie; transient: runr.ir.g water; rates reduced.
R0SEDAUE House. 313and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2Sc toJlUjrcek. \\ 25 to S4; open night.
HOYAL BOUSE. 121 Ellis st.-Incandeseent
.!ght. reading rorm, smcktng room and ladies'
parlor: rooms. p«r eight. 25c to SI £0- week J*
to SS; month, tt to 123; *levatcr on office floor*
room* with hct and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. C4t — Neat furnished rooms ¦
private family; tl and upward.
FEVENTH. rCl-3 nice furnished front rooms". I
privat* family. S4. S3. S7; suitable for ladien. I
FHEP.MAS Apartment House. Ti Eighth »t '
near Market— Famished or uniurnlshed. '
THE OAKS. lli» Third— A good rooming house
fcr good ;>eo;.!e. It. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIl^iJ advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch t fflce. 22S9 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t.
noojis a.\d noinD.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers: exceptionally at-
tr*rtire interior and Ubie. 5C7 California et.
LAS PALMAS. 1K2» Market *t.— Kuite of 2 or S
rr..t. ; private; bath; fin. rms.; board optional, j
SPECIAL SOTICES.
- THE Girls' Director}' Orphan Asylum elves
>: r.otice that the following orphan, half-orphan.
abandoned children and foundlings have
~ b««n received In the orphanage froni Decera-
r b«r 31, 1£5?, to June SO, 1W0: Mary Kllls-
i worth. 7 years 1 month: Annetta, 11 years 3
e months, and Mary Ccaies. 6 years; Elsie, 16
years 4 months. Ethel. 10 years 4 months, and
- Llllie Coieman. 11 years 2 months: K! la. 7 years
6 months and Muriel Dunn, 4 years 6 menths:
Berthe. 7 years and Mabel Siversten. S year*
- 6 months; Ida Dertfam. 9 years S menths; Ida
y Rocca, £ years 7 months: Margaret SpracUllng.
'• 7 years 3 months: Ruth Hurbert. 3 years 4
7 months: Maria Cllne, 3 years: Mary, 7 years.
Annie. 4 years, and MarcaretHarrljran. 2 y<?ar>;
Que*nie Denny, 7 years 6 months; Mary St
Dennis. 2 years 4 months: Annii\ ti years 10
months. Francis. 5 years 4 months, and Em-
m tna Kiel. 4 years; Irene. 2 years. Evallne, 9
years, Kate, 4 years, and Margaret Hurley, S
years; Theresa, 3 years and May Skelley, 8
years: Mary Ryan. 6 years 1 month; Angela
• Anderson. 3 years: Sarah Ulrich. S years 5
. months: Irene Hughes. 3 years 4 months;
Laura Lane. 7 years 5 months; Emma Spreck-
les. 13 years i months; Alice Manheim, 9
years 6 month*: Francis Lyons. 12 years 2
months- Florence Hughes, 5 years 2 months;
Harry Celerr.an. 7 years IS months; John
Keeley. 3 years 2 months; Harry Maddox, S
years 9 months; Jchn Johnson, 7 years; Ches-
!. I ter Roman. € years: Georce Sivertsen. 4
| yrers 6 months: George Tribon. 2 years 2
;j months; Frar.cis Pralius. E years 11 months;
Krar.k Hunt, 3 years 2 months; Charles Haldt.
" ! 2 years 6 months: William McColloush. 3
" I years S nrcnths: Waiter O'Farrell, 1 year 3
p j menths: Lcuis Monee. S years; Harold. 4
i years, Edward Cline. 2 years 6 months:
• ! William Harrigan, 5 years 6 month?; Thomas
" Kurran, 3 years 5 menths; Willie, 3 yearn 5
" ' months, and Edward Lane. 5 years: Gecr.T*
a J Gorzaies 7 years 3 menths: John Ulrich. 6
1 ! years 1 month; Joseph Ba»na, 4 yea-.*; \\'i\-
. > liain Sutt 3 mcr,ths: Thoma3 McLaueniln 2
i years 7 months; Faul Vaudocr, 4 years 11
i\ ;
; LADIES- Chlehester's Knslish PennyroyaJ Pills
1 I are the be«t; saf<\ reliable: take no other;
i f*nd 4c Ftamrfi for particulars. "Relief for
: Ladies." !n letter by return mail: at drug-
~ ! gists. Chiche^ter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
1 '¦ 12\T> tenar.tf ejected for $4: collections made;
• j city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
" i CO.. 4!i Mcrucomery sL, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
i NOTICE.— Tii«? Secretary of the San Francisco
• i Protestant Orphan Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following crphan and half-pr-
1 i rhan slrls and boys have been received at the
asylum, en Haight St., from January J, lSfcO.
1 "¦ to Ju'y 1. ISM: Alice C. Nelson. IITyts. S
mw. : Maggie Green. 15 yrs. : Marearet S.
• j Alexander, 7 yrs. 9 mos. ; Amelia Rasmussen.
7 yrs. : Rose Rasmussen. 1 yr. 9 mos. ; Mabel
Gorden, 8 jts. 11 mos.; Hei»n TV. Bosch. 8
- j yrs. 3 mos. ; Florence J. Bcsch. 3 yrs. 5 mos. ;
i I Vivian Anderson. 7 yrs. ; Edna Anderson. 2
¦ ' yr*. 10 mos.; Rosie Smith, 3 yrs.; Lilian
Phenk. 11 yrs.; Clara Shenk, 9 yrs.; Estella
| ' Shenk. ". yrs. ; Annie Shenk. 1 yr. 10 mos. ;
: : Apnes Kelly, 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Florence Kelly. 3
• , yrs. Gforze A. Heid. 10 yrs.: Duncan Mc-
! ¦ Lean, 7 yrs.; Clarence D. Alexander. 9 yrs. 9
, I mo*.; rtrbert Alexander, 2 yrs. 6 mos.; Carl
Gieeke. S yrs. 6 mos.: Joseph Geary. 5 yrs. 10
; tt.**. ; Carl Morse. 7 yrs. : William McK. Gor-
don, 4 yrs ; Geonje K. Bosch. 10 yrs. 2 mos. :
Frank Bosch. 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Charles Bosch. 2
, ' yrs. 2 nvs. ; Edward Andersen, 9 yrs. 9 mos. ;
Percy Smith. 9 yrs. 1 mo.; Walter Smith, S
¦ | yrs. : Joseph Smith. X> yrs. 11 mos:; Laurence
. ; Uavis. C yrs. & mos.: Chester Davis, 4 yrs. 5
, j mos.: Philip Kelly, 6 yrs. 5 mos., and John
¦ ' Pnmus, 11 yrs. 7 mos.
' : ROOM? papered from S3: whitened, Jl up;
• ; painting dene. Hartman Paint Co.. 219 Third.
j SEWING MACHINES AMI SUPPLIES.
: ALL kinds bought, sold and repairins gnaran-
i anteed. Chss. Plambeck, 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
! ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
j reraiririK at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE A.ND WAREHOUSES.
! WIL?0N BROS.. Etorace and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7C2.
I PACIFIC Stcrace and Furniture Movlne Cora- I
j ra^y. 2320 Fillmore St.; rhone Jackson 2$1.
; BICKINS Van ar.d Storage Co., 722 Mission st.
\ teL Main 1S4Q — Packinff. moving and storage. ,
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call, |
1C pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year. {
TYPEWRITERS AKD SIPPLIES.
j GREAT BARGAINS IN' TYPEWRITERS— We I
j sell better machines! for less m^ney than any •
i house in the city; rentals. 13. The Typewriter !
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 2fifi.
: A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for $50. RE>
VALK. 4f>9 California St.
j BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I
FINEST BUYS IN BERKELEY.
¦ EW0—^-room cottage: lot 4;xl30 feet; 5 mln-
; utes' walk of university ; elegant view of bay.
etc.; lot liwroveil with choice fruit trees; a
snap; terms to suit.
ItjW "TUriTittT eituated lot, 75x133; 1 block
nf university; the only cne to be had in this
i vicinity.
I Ic/OO — Netr modem 9-rocm house; corner lot,
! adjacent to tT. C. : the last one left of six;
t must be sen to be errjreclated.
WURTS.
1223 Broadway.
Oakland.
¦ i — "— *— — *"^~^ "^"*~ ' "~^^*^^^*^~*~*
r Klin ALL AlithKllobiUDiMj
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
I TO LET— On High ft.. Frultvale. 30 acres of
land, with house and large barn: good water.
Apply ADOLPH UNGER. 322 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I m
| CFF1CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK LAM) REAL ESTATE.
j _
j BUT DOWX TOWN FOR BIG REXT3.
tZ&y— Rents $25 per month; corner store with
1 fiat tf 5 rooms and stable; grood business loca-
| tlon: S blocks irom Broadway; very sunny;
I street work ail done; Kood tenants.
J2100— Pays 124 p*r month; 2 flats of 5- rooms
«ach within two blocks of Broadway, down-
i town; pays ever 13 per cent: owner away and
anxious to sell.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
A VERT PRETTT HOME.
$14 per month; cozy new 5- roomed cottage;
all modern; lot 50x164 feet; elevated ground:
near Frultvale ave.; total price only $1500: cosh
or installments. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
| TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
j S2S09 buys a beautiful S roomed nearly new
i colonial style home in Frultvale. with lot 73x140
i feet on hl^h ground; close to Frult\-ale ave.;
| brn and lot of fruit trees; mortgage of $2000 Is
pressing: euch chances are scarce and generally
I sell quick. GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
WE SOLD THOSE OTHER TWO.
$2000 — Modern cottage cf 6 rooms, with high
basement; ail in first-class condition; rlg-ht
down town; terms can be arranged.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
j 1008 Broadway.
IX THE HEART OF OAKLAND.
i $5000 — Elegant 10-room cottage, with every
convenience; lot 55x150 feet; In choice- residence
I location; handy to Fourteenth and Broadway;
part cash if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
OWNER GONE TO ALASKA
j $32X3 — Forced sale on account of mortgagu;
| this fr-roomed comfortable dwelling with mod-
i ern improvements; lot 50x140 feet, with eunny
j front, in the nicest location n«ar Telegraph
j ave-.; street work all done, stone walks laid,
! nice driveway, fruit and shade trees; a com- '
plete home at a sacrifice; positively must go:
suitable for two families; will bring a rood
rental. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$5 MONTHLY rental— Cottage, cabin, well of
water: 4 fine lots; all fenced; fine chicken run:
will give option to purchase for $*T5 all told;
will make terma to suit; near a fine school-
house: 90-foot boulevard: 3 electric car lines
and fronting on main avenue; Allendale
Tract, adjo'nine Hast Oakland: call or send !
for circular; 455 Seventh st., near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Land Owner.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Piatei, or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
OAKLA5D HOUSES TO i,*JT. '
JIT-CORNER cottage, near Broadway. < ¦
$20— Completely furnished cottage.
t"Z — Furnished 5-room cottage.
JiO — Nine-repm furnished dwelling.
Wt- have a very complete list of house* .
¦tores, flats, etc. If you want a place give us I
a calJ. GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRMTURff FOR SALt3. |j
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchelihaas. the 1
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
. Sweden, aged 59 years 9 months and 16 days.
(Utah paper* please copy.) \ . • -. •
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Urni Cemetery.
N. B.— Officers and members of Valley Lodge
No. 30, A. O. U. W., are respectfully Invited
to attend J. H. P. GEIX3E, M. W.
T. H. LORD. Recorder.
TORRENCE— In Phoenix. Ariz.. John S. Tor-
rence, husband of Jennie Torrence, and father
of John S., Camille and Ira Torrence, Mrs.
H. Dibbtey. Mrs. G. Clement and Mrs. H. E.
Kelly, a native of New York, aged Go years.
WALSH— In this city, July 16. 1900, Joseph
Francis, dearly beloved and only son cf Mar-
tin and Mary Walsh, and beloved brother of
Mary T. and Helen K. Walsh, a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years 7 months and 15
days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resl-
of hlu parents, 149 Silver street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WHITESIDE-Entered into rest at Nome City,
Alaska, June 2s. 1SCO. of pneumonia, Captain
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Flora B.
Whtteslde of New Bedford. Mass., a»-ed 50
year? 10 months and 15 days.
ICyRemains to be taken East for interment.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
f Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
Aj^M KEAeXTf ST. Established
Wi V"£s3 lr L '^ 3 **°r Uie treatment of fn»ats
GV-Vi'vSf Ws-ase*. Lf«t Manhood I>b!U:y or
BE ¦j-lfsm disffliAwearineon bodyaad mind ar.d
V-^^&M * icln C 1 **"^ Th« doctorcureswhpn
Try him. Chare** low
rviiifWiiia CDrf«tB»r»nl»f1. Callorwrlta,
Or. J. *'. olEUU.\, Box 1537, Saa fftascticaSickroom supplies and furniture.
Trained nurses' staff. 1117 Van Ness ave.
F. Goodban, Invalids' Dresser.
Abraham Seellgsohn, publisher of the
Jewish Progress, died Saturday at his
home, 2019 Pacific avenue. He- was a na
tive of San Francisco, aged 44 years and
4 months. He leaves a wife and one
daughter. The funeral services will bo
held to-day at 10 a. m., from the late
residence of the deceased. Interment will
be in Hills of Eternity Cemetery. The
11:30 train from the Thirds and Townsend
streets depot will convey the funeral
party.
Death of Jewish Publisher.
Lieutenant Commanders Seth Ackley,
C. J. Bousch, C. H. Rlchman and W. Kil
burn. U. S. N., arrived on the Coptic
yesterday from the Orient. They left be
fore the outbreak In the Flowery King
dom had shown its serious nature and had
no news that has not been covered In the
dispatches. The officers are on their, way
to Washington without definite knowledge
Naval Officers Arrive.
BELVEDERE, July 16.— Mrs. Gilbert
West, wife of a mail carrier of this place,
may die as the result of severe burns
received by her to-day. Mrs. West -was
preparing dinner when she was called,
outside by the cries of her baby, who waa
"playing on the porch. Just as she reached
the door she found her dress waa In
flames.
She screamed for aid and a young man
named' Frank L,ewls came to her rescue.
He wrapped her in a blanket and extin
guished the flames, but not, however, be
fore she had been severely burned about
the thigh and breast.
Dr. Florence Scott of Belvedere was
summoned and will to-morrow send the
suffering woman to the Women's and
Children's Hospital In San -Francisco
WOMAN IS PROBABLY
FATALLY BURNED
George L. Muehe.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July 16.-George Lu.l
wig Muehe, president and manager of thu
Volksblat, and for many years a prom
inent German editor of Chicago and ni.
Louis died here to-day ot a complication
of diseases.
WHEN I called on Ruef and told
him that I had a power of attor
ney from, John Sullivan, he sat in
his private office axid in the
course of the conversation which followed
he said:
"I want to make a good suggestion to
you— do as fj Martin Stevens does." I
stated that I was unacquainted with
Stevens' mode of procedure. He replied:
"You are appointed by the court and from
that you will at the outside get a couple
of hundred dollars Your power of attorney
Is all right in its way. but it won't increase
your fee. Now, If Stevens was in your
place he would get, in addition to the
power of attorney, a contract from Sul
livan for a portion of the estate for his
services — say a quarter, a third or a half.
Now, why don't you do the same?"
I thanked him, saying I would.
The next time we talked of the estate I
told him I had a contract for a third.
"Good," said he, "now you will make
something. Will you let me see it the
next time you are in?" I said I would.
Some time afterward I called at his of
fice and submitted the contract now In
.Captain Seymour's possession. He read it
over carefully, handed it over and said,
"It's all right. Now, while I have no
right to demand it," said he, "I think, un
der the existing circumstances, as It was
through me 'that you obtained this ap
pointment, you should give me some
thing out of your share." "I think you
are entitled to it and I am willing to do
the right thing. What do you want?"
said I. "Well, I'll leave it to you." he re
plied. After some more conversation he
suggested one-third of what I should re
ceive. After more talk I promised him
that share.
Ruefs One-Third. i
lie ihen took a sheet of yellow
foolscnp paper nnd with a pencil
wrote: "I pgree to pay Raef one
third of my share In the Sullivan
estnte." At hln reqnent I nlsrned It.
It wan nmliitoil nnd li nrrleil 1>- writ
ten. As he picked It up lie naldi
"This In all the aere'ement I need."
He then opened the right hand drawer
of his desk, the one in which his check
book is kept, and dropped it in. On sev
eral occasions he referred to this agree
ment and more than once I spoke to his
clerk, Keane, about it. He is fully cog
nizant of it.
On Monday when the first article ap
peared in The Call. I was told by Rauer
that he was $261 richer than he thought.
On asking an explanation he said: "Ruef
has telephoned me that there is $2611 com- !
ing to me Instead of $2350. I suppose that
is the third you were to give him." I said:
"Yes, that is right."
I have never accused Rauer of getting
a share of the unlawful division of -the
Sullivan estate. On the contrary I wish
to say that Rauer has acted fairly and
square with Rogers. Ruef and myself;
especially when Ruef declined to allow
Drinkhouse to advance any money to
Dutchey after the decree had been signed,
as he immediately said: "I will put It up.
Come over to my ofHee." This was to
Dutchey and myself in Ruef's office on
the afternoon of May 4, where the four
of us had been closeted from 2:30 until
after 5 o'clock. Dutchey and myself went
with Rauer to hlg office, where he gav«
me a check for J7oO, which was cashed the
next day and appropriated in full by
Dutchey.
Not IKsinterested Vlgilanoe.
While Ruef was showing the greatest
vigilance for the protection of the Public
Administrator he was doing It as well
for his one-third, -and probably would
never have gone over the figures of ex
penses and amounts due and paid out so
many times if that were not the fact.
There has never been a word said or a
thing Intimated by me against the hon
esty and Integrity of the Public Adminis
trator in this matter. I do not claim he
had any Interest In It, but on the con
trary I know Ruef was very particular in
cautioning me not ' to let Drinkhouse or
any one else know of the transaction be
tween us. He says It Is incomprehensible
why I should make the statements that
are attributed to me. Well, I am tired of
being -the dupe and catspaw of men who
promise everything when in danger, . but
not only don't know you but abuse you
when they think they are safely out of
the mire.
In may; statement of yesterday I forgot
to mention one matter in regard to Mr.
Rogers. On last Monday when he tele
" , ¦ '- . *¦
Interesting Memorandum of
an Agreement Between
Prisoner and At
torney.
ONE-THIRD WAS
RUEF'S SHARE,
SAYS CHRETIEN
Rogers Wanted a u Fee."
hallway; then, when we pressed Chretien,
we were informed that he was sick In
Sacramento, and thereupon Chretien asked
me for, and I gave him, $10, and told him
to have his client there the next day,
which he promised to do. Rogers prom
ised to produce the letter authorizing him
to appear, and the matter was continued
until the next day, which, I believe, was
Ma - V <¦ , ,
On the next day I again appeared in
court with my attorney, and Rogers pro
duced, under order of the court, a letter
written by some one from London. Chre
tien produced a telegram from Sacra
mento in which it was stated that his
client, Sullivan, was seriously ill with ty
phoid pneumonia at that place. Upon
Rogers reading his London letter Chretien
called the court's attention to the fact
that the name of the Sullivan that Rog
ers represented did not correspond to the
names of Chretien's clients as they ap
peared on the books of the Hibernia Bank,
in which bank decedent had his acount.
I volunteered with Rogers to go to the
bank and see whether he (Rogers) or
Chretien were right. The court then post
poned the matter until 2 p. m.
Rogers and I went down to the bank
and I saw a Mr. Ryan. Rogers asked
Ryan whether the names that he, Rogers,
had corresponded with the names on the
books of the bank and Ryan said no. As
we were going out of the bank Rogers re
marked that Chretien was doing well out
of the estate and that he, Rogers, ought
to Have something for his fee.
I told him that I would see Chre
tien and ask him what he would do.
I saw Chretien, who told me, as his
clients were anxious to leave the city
and go to Nome, he, Chretien, did not
want any delay in the matter, and
for me to make the best terms pos
sible with Rogers. I saw Rogers
before court met, just before 2
o'clock, and told him that Chretien
had instructed me to make the best
terms possible. Rogers filially agreed
to take six hundred dollars. Rogers
and I then went to the Judge in his
chambers and Rogers informed the
Judge that he was mistaken as to
his heirs and withdrew all opposi
tion. The decree of distribution was
signed that afternoon. Befor the de
cree was signed I told Chretien he
was to get $600. Chretien did not
like this very well, but finally said
he would not stand it all, that Sulli
van would have to share some of it.
After the decree was signed Chretien
instructed m« to take the six hun
dred dollars up to Rogers, which I
did, by leaving it on his desk in his
presence.
Ruef Grew Suspicious.
I then came ! from Rogers' office to
Ruefs office to get back my money that
I had advanced. I met Chretien there with
Ruef and Chretien asked if he could get
his money and Ruef answered, ' No, you
will have to wait sixty days. Chretien
replied "Why I gave you an indemnity
bond." Ruef said, "Well, you did not pay
Rigby's fees and we did not accept it.
Ruef rang up Rigby & RIgby, the attor
neys for the indemnity company, about
the bond. Chretien then turned to me
and r.sked me what I would give for the
estate, .which he said was $2230. After
figuring a, while I offered him $750 In ad
dition to what he had received. He
thought it too much and left for Rigby's
office to see what arrangements he could
make about a • bond so. that he could
draw the money. He came back shortly
and stated that Rigby would give the
bond, but that he wanted the money de
posited with him. (Rigby). My offer was
accepted by Chretien, who said it was the
best he could do.. as his client was going
to Nome the following Monday, the 7th,
and was anxious to have his money.
In answer to my questions Mr. Ruef
told me. that certain receipts were neces
sary to be- acknowledged by Sullivan.
Chretien said that he had a power of at
torney and could do that. But Ruef
said-"No." He wanted Sullivan to do It.
The papers- were prepared and given to
Chretien to have I Sullivan sign and
acknowledge them. Chretien said that
Sullivan was in Sacramento and that he
would go there that night and get him,
but that he must have the $750 to take to
Sullivan. I would not give him the money,
but Instead drew a check for $750, payable
to John Sullivan, which I said he could
cash when he (Chretien) brought me back
the receipts and papers properly signed
and- acknowledged by Sullivan as required
by* Ru«f. I gave Chretien $10 for ex
penses to Sacramento to bring- Sullivan
back. I; stopped payment on the check
the next day until Chretien brought me
the papers signed and indorsed by Sulli
van and acknowledged by Sullivan before
a notary public.
Bauer After His Money.
I paid no further attention to the mat
ter until* the 7th .day i of ; July, when I
thought, the sixty; days required by Ruef
WRECK ON THE SANTA FE.
Passenger Train Crashes Into a
Freight Near Antioch.
STOCKTON. July 16.— An east-bound
Santa Fe passenger train, going fifty
miles an hour, crashed into a freight
train about a mile west of Anticch at
10:30 last night. Three freight cars and tha
freight train caboose were wrecked. No
one was hurt.
There was another wreck Saturday
evening ten miles this side of Point Rich
mond, caused by a locomotive striking a.
train that was left standing too close to
the rr.ain track on a siding. Damage to
the driving 1 gear and piston boxes caused
a delay of two hours to the west-bour.il
train. A broken smokestack and a dis
abled bell is the extent of the damage to
the pasenger train last night. The train
reached Stockton shortly after \ o'clock
this morning.
Joy for Shoe Wearers.
The handsome and famous "Walle
Over" shoes will be now Bold in San Fran
cisco. Bought at the store, the price is
$3 50, sent postpaid for $2 75. In all re
spects it is a $5 shoe.
The Walk Over welt shoe for women,
comes in tan and black in mannish lasts.
For men, all possible styles.
The High Life $o shoe for men can also
be nad at the
"Walk Over Shoe Store.
F. F. Wright, Prop.
Baldwin Annex 924 Market St
Los Angeles Store, 111 S. Spring St. •
ON or about April 2G, 1M0, Chretien
called at my office and stated that
his client and himself wanted to
borrow some money on an estate
then pending in Department 10. I asked
him what estate and he said it was the
"Sullivan estate," giving me the number.
I told him I would have my attorney,
Mr. Perry, look it up, and when I had re
ceived Perry's report I would talk to him
abcut It. He called again, and Perry hav
ing reported that the proceedings as a.p
peared from the papers on file were reg
ular, I then talked business to him. He
wanted $500— that is. $400 for his client.
Sullivan, and $100 for himself. He was
indebted to me at the time in the sum of
$150 40. He stated that the estate would
be distributed about May 3- or May 4, and
that he had in addition to his fee an as
signment of one-third of the estate from
his client. He showed me a general
power of attorney, acknowledged by his
client, as he said, Sullivan, before Sands
Forman, the. notary public. As my deal
ings with Chretien had always been reg
ular I , entertained his proposition and
took an assignment from him for $800
against the estate, signed .by him indi
vidually and as attorney in fact. for his
client. Sullivan. Chretien received from
me $500 in two, checks, a receipt for the
$150 40 that he owed me, and I charged
him a bonus of $150, making up the $S00.
I Immediately notified the Public Admin
istrator and his attorney of. this assign
ment by Chretien.
Matters ran along untllthe evening be
fore the day on which the settlement of
the account and order of distribution was
to come up in the Sullivan estate. At
that time Chretien came to my office and
notified me that Mr. Rogers Intended
the next day to ask for a postponement
of the hearing, so . that . he (Rogers)
might take the testimony of some wit
nesses in England. I- asked Mr. Parry,
my attorney, to be present next day in
Department 10 and oppose such continu
ance, as Mr. Chretien had informed mo
that Rogers' clients were not the right
heirs and that Rogers had no right to ap
pear or authority to appear. The next
day I was present In court with my at
torney when the Sullivan case was called.
Settling the Estate.
The settlement of the administrator's
account came up first. This was settled
by consent of Ruef. Chretien and Rogers.
Then when the matter of distribution
of the estate came up Mr. Rogers asked
the court for a long continuance, In order
to take some depositions/This was op
posed vigorously by Chretien, and Rogers*
authority for acting was demanded.. My
attorney asked for Sullivan to take the
stand. We were told at first he was in the
Declares He Paid Him Six
Hundred Dollars as a
"Fee" at Chretien's
Request.
J. J. RAUER. THE MONEY
BROKER, HAS MADE TO
CHIEF OF DETECTIVES JOHN
SEYMOUR A SENSATIONAL
STATEMENT IN "WHICH HE
IMPLICATES JAMES TAYLOR
ROGERS DIRECTLY IN THE
CONSPIRACY OF DISHONOR
ABLE ATTORNEYS TO LOOT
THE ESTATE OF JOSEPH SUL
LIVAN. RAUER DECLARES
THAT ROGERS DEMANDED
AND RECEIVED MONEY TO
WITHDRAW HIS HEIRS AND
PERMIT THE ESTATE TO GO
TO THE BOGUS HEIR PRE
SENTED BY JOHN M. CHRE
TIEN.
THE SCANDALOUS AFFAIR,
WHICH THE CALL EXPOSED.
WILL NOW BE THOROUGHLY
INVESTIGATED BY THE
GRAND JURY. THE OFFICIAL
INQUISITORS WILL MEET
THIS AFTERNOON IN SPECIAL
SESSION, WHEN EVERY ONE
WHO MAY THROW LIGHT ON
THE AFFAIR WILL BE EX
PECTED TO TESTIFY. THE
POLICE COURT EXAMINATION
OF CHRETIEN HAS BEEN AS
SIGNED FOR TO-MORROW
MORNING.
to convene to-day in special session the
preliminary examination was postpon
ed until to-morrow morning at n
o'clock. In what follows will be found
the sensational sworn statement of J. J.
Rauer to Chief of Detectives John Sey
mour and the supplemented confession
of John M. Chretien accusing Abraham
Ruef. In the meantime, while these
remarkable disclosures are being made,
it ought to be timely for Judge James
M. Troutt to explain why he, in defiance
of a fact which can be proved, declared
that the bogus John Sullivan appeared
in his court on the witness stand. The
impostor John Sullivan never appeared
in Judge Troutt's court or anywhere
else in the presence of his Honor.
?
RAUER BRINGS
ROGERS RIGHT
INTO THE CASE
KUMASSI IS RELIEVED
BY COLONEL WILLCOCKS
FTJMSU, July 17.— Kumassi has been re
lieved by the column under command ot
Colonel Willcocks.
James Taylor Rogers has lived under
a mask of respectability for many years,
and this transaction reveals him to the
community as he is, a disgrace to the
profession of which he is a member and
a menace to the living and the dead
upon whom he preys. One by one the
rascals in this affair are being forced
into the light and to-day the Grand
Rascals Coining From Cover.
When the time for distribution came
Rogers threw himself into the case an-1
threatened that he would have it in
definitely postponed as far as distribu
tion was concerned if he did not re
ceive what he demanded. His first de
mand was for $iooo, but he was finally
persuaded to accept $6oo, which Rauer
supplied and then charged against
Chretien. This money Rauer said he
took to the office of James Taylor Rog
ers before the decree was signed and
placed it upon the" dishonorable, black
mailing attorney's desk. This is the
part that James Taylor Rogers, accord
ing to the testimony of three witnesses,
has played in this outrageous conspiracy
to rob the dead through a Probate
Court in this city.
Rauer swore in his statement to the
chief of detectives that Rogers posi
tively declined to permit the estate to
be distributed unless he received this
money. This remarkable statement.
which makes out of James Taylor Rog
ers a rascally, scheming shark of the
law, is corroborated by the confession
of John M. Chretien and by the testi
mony of another witness who has been
subpenaed and who will appear to-day
to give his testimony before the Grand
Jury.
Rogers Blackmailed the Conspirators.
So thoroughly dishonorable were the
transactions between Rauer and Rog
ers and so perfectly did the money
broker understand the dishonesty of the
greedy attorney that there was subter
fuge ever, in the payment of the black
mail which Rogers had levied upon the
thieving conspirators who were rob
bing the estate of the dead. Rogers
had demanded his share of the booty
from Chretien, who was unable to pay
it, and begged Rauer to assist him out.
Rauer was already deeply involved,
having loaned considerable money to
the schemers in the belief that the heir
was bona fide and that his money would
be returned when the distribution was
made. The money broker was eager
therefore to make terms with Rogers
and get him out of the way.
THE entire shameful conspiracy of
a clique of dishonorable lawyers
and others to rob the estate of
Joseph Sullivan in the court of Judpe
James M. Troutt, as exposed by The
Call in startling detail, will be retold to
day to the Grand Jury. The conspna
tors have lost their bold front and fol
lowing the lead of the confessed scoun
drel. John M. Chretien, they also are
confessing- and are telling what they
know of the scoundrelism of one an
other. One of the most sensational in
cidents of this scandalous affair took
place yesterday afternoon in the office
of Chief of Detectives John Sevmour.
when Jake Rauer, the money broker, to
whom practically all the estate would
have gone had it not been for the time
ly expose of The Call, made a sworn
statement in which he declared that
James Taylor Rogers was one of the
greediest of the conspirators and re
ceived $6oo as his share of the spoils of
what a dead man had left.
phoned me asking for an appointment at
IS? tTU r^u. Se havr>^ ld anytnL^-o
mtnh" 1 replied "What do you mean?
He said, "What about Day etc ¦ \\ .here
i« that?" "Oh I said, I understand
hatwai destroyed and thrown away
several weeks ago." "Are >ou sure, ne
asked. "Positive as I c f" . be - rnn A h v f"
1 don't need to see you *t all. Good-b>.
That Is the reason Mr. R °S era r^ r *\fJ£
says this morning. "Let Mr.^ChreUen
produce the draft of my stipulatla n in
reference to Mr. Day and I will ask the
papers to publish It."
I am not taking my present stand, as
Mr. Ruef says, because his enemies h«e
told me that if I implicated him I would
thereby indirectly help m^l;,^™
I lighting my case on technicalities. lor 1
Instructed my attorneys to inform the
District Attorney and Captain Se>mour
that I would waive all legal quibbles. The
continuance this morning was granted
not for the purpose of gaining time but 10
let many facts be thoroughly ln\esti
gated. __. _ , , „
Ruef "Was His Friend."
On last Saturday morning ex-Judge C.
A. Low called on me. He informs d me
that he had seen Ruef the night before
and had come to see me at his request.
The Judge said: "Ruef is your friend: he
fully realizes what you have done for him
and he Is grateful and will do everything
In his power to help you. He wants you
to be very careful with whom to talk
and*above all things keep your mouth
shut in the presence of reporters and con
tinue to do as I see you are doing— don t
talk to them." .
Last Monday night, the day that the
first article appeared in The Call. I left
my house at 8 o'clock in the evening and
after stopping at one or two places called
at T. D. Riordan's office. On entering
there I found Mr. Keane of Mr. Ruef s
office. After shaking hands and passing
a few remarks I went into Mr. Riordan a
private office, where I told him my entire
connection with Ruef and Rogers in the
Sullivan estate. I told him the facts as,
fully set forth in my statement to Cap
tain Seymour yesterday and to-day. I
was with him probably an hour. When
I came out of his room I was surprised
to see Mr. Keane still there. Mr. R'or
dan said he thought Keane was waiting
for me. I asked Keane If I could do any
thing for him. He said "Yes"; that he
had come to serve me with a citation to
appear the next mofning in Judge
Troutfs court. I accepted the citation
and apologized for keeping him waiting '
so long. He remarked that It was of no
consequence and then asked which way I
was going. "Home," I said. "Let s take
a California street car. I have an ap
pointment to-nleht with Drinkhouse and
will ride with you, as I want to speak to
vou " said he. We got on the rear dummy
bf a California street car. We were the
only ones on that end. save the conductor.
Must Not Throw Buef Down.
Mr. Keane started by unylnpr thnt
Ruef warn my friend and wa» "pre
pared to do nnythtnc he eonld for
me. He referred to Rnefa Inter
view In thnt evening'* nnlletln.
nnylnsr I mnnt buck It up. I wald:
"Why did he say Snlllvnn wa.i In
eonrtf Yon know he wn» not
there." "I don't Unow." he re
plied, "hot yon iiiiiftt not throw him
down on that."
He then apaln spoke of the kindly feel
ing felt by his office for me and then ho
said: "Of course you need not mention
anything: In reference to your agreement
with Ruef, as that would only hurt and
do no one any pood." I promised him.
when he said: "There are only two or
three of us that know of it. and of course
Ruef will not ask you anything aboutit,
so there is no danger of It coming out."
Prevlon* to thin he hnd nald In
nnntver to my qnery am ta how the
matter Tvould be eomlncteil the next
dny. that Ruef wonltl «lo the exam
ining anil Tronld pat nil Tbe Call
people on first, ln-srinninc with
Sulllvnn, the reporter: then he
would take the xtnnd, follow frith
Roeern, and I would he the last wll
netts called.
By this time the car reached Mason
street, so I jumped off and went home.
Since then I have been informed that
Mr. Keane was seen In front of my home
that night at 11:30 o'clock. Of this I know
nothing except from hearsay.
as to their next assignment to duty. Com
mander Kilburn la the son of President
Kilburn cf the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners of this city.
Jury will hear the whole shameful tes
timony, receive the documentary evi
dence which will be placed at its com
mand and probably reach the decision
which will ultimately place some of
these scoundrels out of the sphere in
which they have power to do wrong.
This statement of Rauer naturally has
created a sensation in police circles, as
it is corroborated not only by the con
fession of John M. Chretien but by the
testimony of another witness who will
appear before the Grand Jury this aft
ernoon.
Rauer is particular in reciting every
minute detail in the transactions with
Rogers. When the money was raised to
pay Rogers it is understood that Chre
tien objected strenuousb' in having to
bear the entire burden of the blackmail
which Rogers had levied upon the con
spirators. Chretien insisted that while
Rauer had charged him $6oo Young
Dutchy should have at least paid $ioo.
and this sum the pugilistic blackleg who
is now in Nome paid to Chretien as his
share in the transaction. When The
Call made its sensational expose a week
ago yesterday Rauer saw at oijce that
he had been swindled by a clever clique
of rascals and he set about to discover
some means by which he could recover
a part of the money which he had given
to them.
Rauer Demands His Money.
When on Wednesday|last John M.
Chretien made a complete confession
of the part he had played in the scan
dalous rffair Rauer was convinced that
if he was to regain some of his money
he must do so at once. During the re
cess at noon therefore he sent for Rog
ers. He telephoned to the legal shark's
office and was informed that he was not
there. Rauer's attorney, George H.
Perry, suggested that Rogers might be
at the office of his attorney, Barclay
Henley. A telephone message found
him there, and he was told to go to
Rauer's office at once. He complied
with this demand and entered Rauer's
office through the rear, going into a
room where Perry was with Rauer. The
money broker asked Perry to leave the
room, which he did through folding
doors. When Perry had gone Rauer
demanded of Rogers that he return the
$6oo which he had received, as the
whole affair had been a conspiracy, the
heir an impostor and distribution out
of the question.
Rogers declined to do so, declaring
that if a crisis came his word was as
good as Rauer's and he would denv
that he had ever received the money.
That conversation was overheard and
the person who heard it will so testify
to-day before the Grand Jury. There
seems little doubt therefore that the net
has been drawn around another scoun
drel in this case, who deserves punish
ment equally with the rascal who has
already confessed his guilt.
Chretien Accuses Ruef.
John M. Chretien supplemented his
confession yesterday by declaring what
he alleges to be the part which Abra
ham Ruef plajTd in the affair. Chretien
says in this confession that he was ad
vised by Ruel to secure from the bogus
John Sullivan a contract for one-third
of the estate in emulation of a practice
which Martin Stevens, the friend and
ex-partner of Judge Troutt, has found
profitable. Chretien adds that he se
cured this contract and so informed
Ruef. A-hereupon the latter asked him
for one-third of the share which he was
to receive from Sullivan. This. Chretien
declares, comprehends practically all
that Ruef had to do with the case until
The Call made its timely expose.
Chretien says that on the evening of
the day of the first publication of the
scandal in The Call Ruef sent his clerk.
Keane, to him with a proposition to be
thoroughly on his* guard, to talk to no
one and to watch developments. Keane,
Chretien says, told him that Ruef
would conduct the examination on the
following day and would take very good
care that Chretien was the last witness
called. As a matter of fact Chretien
was the first witness, and his testimony
closed with a confession.
These are the additional and startling
developments which occurred in this
scandalous case in the Probate Court
of Judge Troutt. The outrageous af
fair has excited the indignation of law
yers and laymen alike, and there ap-*
pears to be a disposition on the part of
the authorities to leave nothing undone
to punish the offenders for their crimes.
District Attorney Byington is prepar
ing- the evidence which is beinjr accum
ulated as fast as possible by Chief of
Detectives John Seymour. The Grand
Jury, as alredy indicated, will meet in
special session this afternoon' and every
body in the case will be examined. Ef
forts are being made to locate Charles
Latner, the impostor, who represented
himself ns the heir, and the Federal au
thorities will be asked to apprehend and
bring back to this city from Alaska
Fred Hansted, alias Young Dutchy, an
other of the criminals involved in the
conspiracy.
Can Judge Troutt Explain?
The preliminary examination of John
M. Chretien was to have commenced
yesterday in the Police Court of Judjrs
A. J. Fritz, but owing to the other de
velopments in the case and particularly
to the fact that the Grand Jury intended
RAUER SWEARS TO POLICE THAT JAMES TAYLOR
ROGERS BLACKMAILED CHRETIEN CONSPIRATORS
had expired. I called on Ruef the "th
day of July at 12 m. and was Informed
by him that the decree had not been re
corded until May 12, and that the sixty
days would not be up until July 12, when I
could get my money. Chretien was pres
ent, as he said, to receive what was com
ing to him out of the estate over and
above the $2230 coming to me. I left,
telling Ruef I would call again July 12. I
never saw Sullivan nor any one who rep
resented himself as Sullivan. And I ha<l
no idea there was anything wrong about
the estate until the newspaper publica
tion a week ago. Chretien further as
sured me that Sullivan was 1 present nt
the taking of the deposition at Ruefs
office and Ruef told mo that he had seen
him a number of times.
Rogers called upon me at my office at
noon on "Wednesday and I told him that
If I was questioned further I would give
all the facts, and advised him to do like
wise.
Grand Jury Called in Spe
cial Session to Investi
gate the Grave Probate
Crime Exposed by The
Call.
Chretien Supplements
His Confession by Al
leging That Abraham
Ruef Demanded His
Share.
Scoundrels Interrupt Their Fee st Upon the Deed
ti Feed Upon One Ano'her in Their Greed for
Ghoulish Spoils in the Probate Court of Judge
Troutt.
Money Broker Declares That He Paid
the Scheming Attorney Six Hundred
Dollars to Retire From the Case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 19OO.
14
k'ROfiH Wer * su cccssrul at Xomo last
IU\U Oil year. All others failed. la opera.
Uon dally, a Stavenaon «L. &. 5*.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. *
DR.MQNULTY.
T«" V^ LI '- K ? 0WN AND RELIABT.KOLD
X. HpecUlistetn-M Private. Nervous, anil Blood i>i«.
ea.ies of Men only. Book on Private Diseasrs and
V, eafcnemes of Men. free. Over 20y'rV exrwriemV
£i!f n u^ r^! a | I iT ro< :- Terms '~«nn&?H5JrT»
to3d.il!y:«.30to3:» *Vjp«. Sunday*. 10 tnli ronwl.
UUonfreeandMcredlyconndential Call.ora<WreM
__.f- KOSCOK McXUI/TY. H.O.
««J{ Kearny »t.. Man Franciiteo, Cal.
Use Bank Stock Paper— best paper for school
purposes. Mysell-nolllr.s, 22 Clay, Mfgrs. •
STDDEBAKER BEOS, t
Market and Tenth Sts.
I~ F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURXISHED.
Attention Is Invited to a special sale of
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We have received this month nearly on<?
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIUK
wheels and with wood hub wheels. Theso
wagons are a success, and cot stock I*
more complete that ever, at price* ranging
From $130 Upward,
We show the finest thlnra built In Pneu-
matic Wagons, and at prices which bavs
not be«n equaled heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
Register. Register.
Citizens should take advantage of thi3
opportunity and register at once. Offico
open continuously from 8:30 a, m. to It)
p. m. after 'July 15. lf*)0. •_
There is not an ounce of headache In a bar-
rel of it — Jesse Moor» "AA" whiskey.
OUR COLD DREDGING PUMPS
ubcjpcrftcttondf/
BOTTLttLf THE mlfiLLERY
PURE-ASSajwfeLE5aME.
l/sedmffcMe</Jcd/0ep&>fmenfs of tie
U.S. ARMY £ NAVY .Serv.ce
, WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
: aew *" Qf/fru/»*o»3 oV r,J/,/ea Bowes.
The j§reat p.
talking J^Qs.
machine^gpll
Th©
Zon-o-phone
enables you to hear right
in your own home: Alice
Nielsen, Jessie Bartlett
Davis, Eugene Cowles or
the famous tenor, Gian-
nini, sing; Chauncey De-
pew or Robert Ingersoll
speak, or Sousa's Band
play.
; The Zon-o-phone is the
: improved Gram-o-phone,
and uses flat, indestructi-
ble records. Prices, $15
to $25. Records 50c each.
Hear and see the Zon-
o-phone — on free exhibi-
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
$ Pia.no and Mtnic House.
Or. K^arny ana Sutter St».. 8. T.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland!
Bale's. \ gale'*.
1 1 Hale's after-inventory sales {§ >
(4 If you did nor yesterday attend the after-inventory soles
£"3 °* jewelry ana crockery, come to-day whll» the assortments are
H still at their best.
Ej these sales are comprehensive and money saving In the ex- £
H treme. as every u'ece of crockery and jewelry in the house is
H marked and priced with a determination that It shall "stand not
\\ on the order of going, but eo at once." -,
| black dress goods isiik "clean-op" f
f" even iresh new goods go at re-! last week's after-Inventory \
E duceil prices — new black pebble silk sale left us many short „)
| cheviot, full 4S-ln. wide, worthlengths of foulards— plain and <
I $1.25 the yard, for $1.00. yourfancy colored silks— plain and ,
k fashion magazine will toll you of figured black silks in pieces •
fe ¦ their popularity among correctlfrom one to twelve yards, these
B dressers. not to close, but to;we propose to "clean up" at
E introduce, we marked them, per mce and to that end many
ft yard Ji.Oibeautiful waist lengths aro i
I , . . . . . ,, ishown at less than half the
1 V Shrinking priCeS I!) Sltll WiraS jvaiue. make It yourwlf and you :
I • Mme. Gairs' metal skirt sup-T?" h * v * * \%7 Jl^flw^nL^ 5
I I porters, that splendid device :it a comparatively trifling cost. .
I i down, formerly sold at 20 ami a ChdllC9 III CF2Sh tOWellllJ •
| . 25c the set. consisting of metal 1500 y ar ds roller crash towel- (J
H band and hooks for three skirts. , nB> 17 , ncnes wide all lineni V
to tnis weeK, per set......... — ..»c cparse w>ave. good absorbent.
lii 35 gross of horn bone. 8 and 9- o i » P nuniitv n«»r varrt 7e
| inch length, a good, serviceable 8 13c * u * m y *> er > ard c
SS dress bone. this week, per rriTtrham (Tains
I bunch cf 1 dozen <c Slngndin gains
I Colored agate buttons, tt gross 40 pieces gingham. 27 Inches I
${ on card; excellent for children's wide, pink and blue plaids ami s
B clothes, the 72 buttons this week stripes. 8 l-3c quality. per
g for only 10c yard 5Hc
I belts
B that after-Inventory gale of sales In belts— the 33o one should not t>«
f- Blighted — splendid assortment— splendid price-savin*:. ,
- —qii -„,/ rental
5 orders {*&--//¥?_¦/&/ *JMf lh\s