SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLU3IE LXXXVIII— NO. 72.
-"According to : present orders' from the powers, the middle of
August. will see altogether 40,500 available troops with 162 guns
in the province of Pe Chi Li. , By the. end of .September there
will -¦ be 78.000 .with 280 guns, not including the' troops at Shang
hai; Canton ;and" Peking. "Russia now has 67.000 men with 104
guns .concentrating In- Manchuria, and 105,000 more and 13S
guns now. forming for -i Invasion.^ Altogether, 230,000 men with
§00 guns will- be in China .within six weeks; and altogether 117
war vessels, exclusive'- of ' twenty-one torpedo boats, , are now
watching the Chinese coast, of which seventy are in the gulf
of -Pe- Chi Li. •:•.-•• . ,
The ' Cologne Gazette, in an inspired article, admits that EOOO
additional troops -will also leave, although it says that at pres
ent" some 15,000 or-20,000 have now been ordered to proceed.
The - semi-official Militar Worchenblatt this evening says:
On apparent authority it is said here to-day that news re
garding, the military moves, the: preparations for
further shipments. of troopg to China will be officially withheld,
so as. not to betray the plan of campaign to China, including
the Chinese diplomatists In Europe. As a result, reports are
very contradictory. However, a number of facts go- to show
that Germany* is preparing further large shipments.
ceived In the United States' with approval. Tou see (this was
added smilingly), I am half an American myself."
The Field Marshal then showed the correspondent a tropical
outfit which Emperor .William had 'presented to him personal
ly "on' Wednesday. The uniform is the same asthe Kaiser
wore In Palestine.
BERLIN, Aug. 10.— This evening the correspondent of the
Associated .Press had another interview with Count von
Waldersee, who, although 69, looks much. younger. His
step is vigorous and springy. His hair is closely cropped
and "an iron gray mustache contrasts with a ruddy com
plexion. Evidently, he is undertaking his important task in
China with spirit and energy. He expressed regret at being
unable to talk freely about his campaign plans, but said:
"I am busy making preparations for my departure and
have been conferring at length with the Minister of War and
with Count von Schlteffen. chief ofUhe General Stan*. A list
of the officers comprising my China staff was submitted to Em
peror William, who approved it. Some thirty German officers
will accompany me. General von.Schatrzkopf will be my chief
of staff and Colonel Barongay will be chief quartermaster.
The others are Baron Knigge and Count Koenigsmark as
aids and Count Wernigcrode.
"Yielding to potent reasons, I gave up the idea of going
to China by way of San Francisco. I shall start from Genoa
on August 20, sailing by the Sachsen, and expect to arrive at
Shanghai on September 22. There Lshall establish preliminary
headquarters .and complete my staff from the contingents of
the other powers. One reason for this ; change Is that I ; can
be better reached by telegraph while on the way. To-morrow
morning I shall go, for a brief visit to Hanover to arrange a
number of personal- matters. '.
"1 am very glad- to hear that my appointment has been re-
COUNT VON W ALDERSEE TALKS
OF HIS PLAN OF CAMPAIGN
THE BRIDGE IN THE FOREGROUND, LIKE NEARLY ALL, BRIDGES AND ROADS IN CHINA. IS MADE T
WITH SHARP TURNS OR ANGLES, IN ACCORDANCE WITH A BELIEF THAT EVIL SPIRITS WHICH
. TRAVEL. ONLY IN STRAIGHT LINES ARE THUS MISLED AND THWARTED. , |
TEA HOUSE IN THE NATIVE QUARTER OF SHANGHAI.
CANTON.' Ohio. Aug. 10.— President Mc-
Kinley received V Minister Conger's 'mes-'
sage • early , this forenoon from Washing
ton ; by^ telephone.', He at Vonce *. began
framing . a reply : and ; sent • his ; instructions
to 1 Washington. " While the ; rule here Is
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
ACTS WiTH PROMPTNESS
seceders the hope of ; Bryan's , election.',
Neither did I say, or Intimate, that In my
opinion a state of war < exists '* between
this country and.- China. -These state
ments attributed : to me" are absolutely In
correct." " -'
The defense of Chinese Christians by foreign guards, the fact that foreign
en* shared their food with them rather than drive them out to death, and final
ly the humane declaration of Minister Conger that they cannot be abandoned to
certain massacre, have struck a responsive chord in the breasts of the officials
here. It is asserted that if th© foreigners are saved, the Chinese Christians will
leave Poking with them. Authority for the United States. and other powers to
take Fuch action is found by the officials in article 29 of the treaty of 1S5S be
tween China and the United States, and it is understood that similar articles,
in some cases stronger in language", are included In the treaties between China
and the European Governments. This is Article XXIX of the American treaty:
' "The principles of the Christian religion, as professed by the Protestant and
Roman Catholic churches, are recognized as teaching men to do good and to do
'to others as they would have others do to them.' Hereafter those who quietly
profess and teach these doctrines shall not bo 'harassed or persecuted on ac
count of their faith.'. Any persons, whether citizens of the United ; States . or
China, who according to these tenets teach and practice the principles of
Christianity, shall in no case be Interfered with or molested."
PROTECTION OF CHINESE CHRISTIANS.
It is apparent to the authorities that China is endeavoring to meet the
wishes of the powers, and an indication of this satisfactory policy Is the deliv
ery by Minister Wu to-day of the dispatch from Mr. Conger and the action of
the Chinese Government in permitting the cable of the Conger message received
two days ago. It is \he presumption of the offldals that the Chinese Govern
ment will comply with the demand that the rifle fire stop, and protect the Min
isters in Peking, as Bet forth in the memorandum handed to Minister "Wu'on
Wednesday night. It was learned to-day that Japan had formally approved the
contents of the note delivered to Minister Wu, and the approval of the other
powers is expected to be communicated within the next few days. ,
It is evident that the escort that will be sent to receive the legation officials
and those under their protection should consist of a large force. Minister Con
ger states that the escort must be sufficient "to safely guard 800 foreigners,
including 200 women and children, and 3000 native Christians who cannot be
abandoned to certain massacre."
MILITARY ESCORT MUST BE L0RGE ONE.
The authorities are now considering only the relief of the Ministers, and
the method by which this is to be brought about was the subject of a consulta
tion to-day by Secretary Root with the President. The first action determined
upon was to cable Minister Conger approving his purpose of remaining In Pe
king, Informing him that neither the United States nor any other Government
had asked China to direct its Minister to leave Peking, directing him to remain
barricaded in the legation until further instructions and Informing him of the
advance of the relieving column.
It Is expected that when the allied troops have got within a reasonable dis
tance of Peking, arrangements will be made between the military commanders
ead the Chinese authorities for the delivery of the foreigners to the foreign
escort. This escort must not be attacked. Should it be, the allies will Im
mediately resume their advance. It would not be surprising should this plan be
already a subject of discussion among the powers, though it is denied that
such la the case. When the Ministers are safe the President will probably take
under consideration the question of stopping the advance of the allies on Peking,
which the Chinese Government Is anxious to bring about. As Minister Conger
doea not mention the fact, it is presumed by officials that the rifle fire by the
Imperial troops upon the besieged is not causing them any apprehension, and it
Is possible that It may have ceased. ,
CONSIDERING ONLY RELIEF Of MINISTERS.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.—Min
ister Conner was directed to-day to remain barricaded in the British lega
tion in Peking ur.til further Instructions are sent by this Government.
The diplomatic representatives of other Governments will, It Is expected,
be cabled similar instructions. In this way the powers will checkmate
the crafty move of the Imperis.1 Government to induce the Ministers to leave
Peking on the ground that their Governments have been asking why they do
not start for the coast Though Minister Conger in his dispatch asserts that
the Tsung li Yamen states to the diplomatic body that various foreign Govern
ments have repeatedly a^ked through respective Chinese Ministers "that we Im
mediately depart from Peking- under suitable escort," the department is satis
fied Minister Wu made no sucli representation to his Government and that the
object of the lie told the diplomatic corps was to get them away from the forti
fied position they occupied, so they would be at the mercy of the Boxers and
imperial troops. OSirials are convinced of the duplicity of the Chinese Govern
ment from previous <M?patchr-s received from Minister Conger and other sources.
The dispatch to-day is Identical with that sent other Governments and shows
conclusively the lengths to which the Tsung li Yamen has gone to induce the
Ministers to pL-ico themselves in the power of the Chinese, and warm com
mendation I? gfoen Minister Conger and his colleagues for their ehrewdness In
declining to accept the statements of th? Tsung li Yamen unsupported by cipher
Instructions from their respective Governments. China will be held heavily to
account for her atumpts to lure the Ministers to their death by misrepresenta
tion, and it is un^rstood that the dispatch of to-day will be the subject of
another and vigorous representation to the Chinese Government when the de
mand made ten days ago is answered.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
United States Instructs Its Minister to Re
main at His Post in the Chinese
Capital, and Other Powers Are Ex
pected to at Once Follow Suit.
SIMULTANEOUSLY with the improve
ment in what may be termed the Chinese
situation proper, points of ill-omen appear
in the international horizon. China is suing or is
about to sue for peace. Li Hung Chang has been
invested with plenary powers to' that end. The co
operation of the imperial authorities with the al
lies to the extent at least of handing over the refu
gees to an inadequate force as an escort in the
neighborhood of Peking is expected in many
quarters. In a word, the Chinese sky is just now
more serene than for many long days past.
At this juncture comes a dispatch from Shang
hai indicating that while the Chinese Government
is fain to admit its inability to fight the outer
world as a whole, it has not forgotten the advan
tages to be obtained by dividing the powers, and
is seeking to secure Russian support, while even
more menacing to international cohesion is the re
port of the intention of Admiral Seymour to land
British troops at Shanghai.
With one power taking measures of this kind
in its own particular sphere of influence, the others
would be likely to follow suit, and the Washing
ton administration consequently views the outlook
with some measure of alarm. Hitherto the note
of the powers dealing with China has been given
by the United States. With developments such
as are feared from the reported decision of Ad
miral Seymour, the Washington Government
could, in view of its declared policy, have nothing
to do.
PEKING JUST BEFORE THE CRISIS-THE BRITISH MINISTER PAYING A DIPLOMATIC VISIT.
¦<¦ ' . •"'."- - (From -the Daily Graphic.)
IX CHINA THEMINISTERS AND CONSULS CANNOT DISPBNSE WITH FORMALITIES, AS IN OTHER PARTS OF THE WORLD, BUT ALL OF
FICIAL VISITS MUST BE MADE EITHER ON HORSEBACK. WITH A RETINUE. OF ATTENDANTS LARGE IN PROPORTION TO THE RANK OF THE
PERSONAGE. OR IN A CHAIR CARRIED BY. PORTERS. AS SHOWN IN THE ABOVE PICTURE.
LONDON, Aug. 11,4 a-ni. — The morning
papers express satisfaction at latest develop
ments in China. The average comment is
that China is now genuinely suing for peace
through Li Hung Chang. Dispatches printed
this morning give further details of the taking of
Yangtsun. According to the Daily Mail's corre
spondent the attack was led by the Americans and
British. The Chinese position consisted of seven
lines of intrenchments. The enemy fell back un
til driven to the last line, when they fled to Peking
completely demoralized. The Chinese say they
retreated because the British "poured poison"
into their troops. This refers to the lyddite shells,
which the Chinese then experienced for the first
time.
The correspondent adds that the British casu
i alties were 200 and the Americans 250, but this
! latter estimate, - it will be noticed, is four times
greater than that of General Chaffee's report.
A St. Petersburg special says the Chinese Min
ister there, Yang Yu, has received a telegram an
nouncing that Li Hung Chang is dangerously ill
and confined to his bed, and that he has been
granted a month's leave.
Another St. Petersburg dispatch asserts that
the Russian general staff has been notified that
the Chinese 12,000 strong are moving from Hu
nan and Hupei toward Peking and Tientsin.
The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily
News, wiring Thursday, announces that the Chi
nese merchants are petitioning the authorities not
to land troops.
Conger and Other Ministers at Peking Send
Additional Reports of the Attempt of the
Chinese to Send the Diplomats Forth to
Certain Death.
WASHINGTON, Aug. .10.— The Department of State made public this morn-
Ing the following telegram from Minister Conger, which was received
by Minister \Vu late last night, being contained In a telegram sent to
him by the Taotai of Shanghai. It was handed by Minister Wu to tha
Acting Secretary of State at 3 o'clock this morning:
Secretary of State, Washington: The Taung Li Yamen states to the dlplcmatic body
that the various foreign Governments have rereatetlly asked, through th« respective Chlnens
Minister*, that we Immediately depart from PektnK under suitable escort. The Tamen a»!i»
vb to Ox a date for our derwirture and to make the nwwwao' arranK-ments to do »o. Our
reply U that we will seek instructions from our Governments and that in tha absence of
such instructions we cannot quit our post. I must Inform you that in order to insure our
safe departure, foreign troops only can safely escort us. and they must be in suf Sclent
force to safely guard 800 foreigners. Including 200 wcm«n and children, as wsll as 3CO0
native Christians, who cannct be abandoned to certain massacre. We cannot accept a
Chinese escort under any circumstances. All my colleagues are dispatching the foregoing
to their respective Governments. Of the American marines seven have been killer! and six
teen wounded, amonc the latter Captain Myers and Dr. LJppett. who are getting along
well. |U| CU.NGER.
This message is undated, but is supposed to have been sent on or after tho
5th of August, when \he Imperial edict removing the Inhibition against the
Ministers sending cipher messages was received by the Tsung 11 Yamen. It sub
stantially accords with the dispatch of the French Minister. M. Pichon, to his
Government, which was made public in Paris yesterday.
LONDON. Aug. 10,— The British Foreign Office has received from th© Minis
ter. Sir Claude Macdonald, a dispatch, dated Peking. August 4, much to the
same effect as the dispatch received yesterday by tne French Foreign Office from
M. Pichon, the Minister of France, at the Chinese capital, which described the
efforts of the Chinese to Induce the foreign Ministers to accept a Chinese escort
to Tientsin.
BRUSSELS. Aug. 10.— The Foreign Office has also received from the Belgian
Minister at Peking a dispatch Identical with that received yesterday by the
French Office, from the French Minister at Peking. M. Plchon, telling of the at
tempts made by the Chinese to secure the foreign Ministers' acceptance of a
Chinese escort to Tientsin.
Chinese Statesman Trying to Get Li Hung
Chang to Commit Himself to a Policy of
Combining With Russia
'¦'«•¦' I""-"" •' hi i
Special Cable to The Call and New Y ork Herald. Copyright. 1000, by tho
Herald Publishing Company.
SHANGHAI. Augr. 10.— It is reported here on good authority that Chang
Ylng Mow of, 1 Tientsin, who attempted to reach Peking, and reported
that he was unable to get into the city, really entered and discussed with
those in power the advisability of combining with Russia. He has ir
rived in Shanghai for the purpose of discussing the matter with Li Hung
Chang, but up to the present Chang Ting Mow has been unable to get the
Viceroy to commit himself to this policy. It Is known that LI Hung Chans
has already sent numbers of long telegrams to the Chinese Minister to Russia.
SEYMOUR TO LAND
TROOPS AT SHANGHAI
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.— The Navy
Department to-day received a cablegram
from Shanghai, which. It la understood,
gives notice of the intention of Admiral
Seymour to land troops there for the de
fense of the city. The Shanghai news
papers, according to the cable, while ac
quiescing In the landing of British troops,
deprecate the idea that England's example
should be followed by the powers.
The United States has now two war
ships at Shanghai to safeguard American
Interests in case of trouble. These ara
the gunboats Princeton and Castlne. The
latter arrived at Shanghai to-day.
WILL ACCEPT VON WALDERSEE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.— It is authori
tatively stated that the United States
Government will accept Count von Wal
dersee as the commander of the interna
tional forces in China If the necessity ex
ists at the time of his arrival In that
country for an international force to be
gin a campaign.
BRUSSELS, Aug. 10. — The Foreign Office has received the following message signed De Cartier (E. de Cartier de fflarchienne), first secre
tary of the Belgian legation at Peking:
"SHANGHAI, Aug. 10.— An imperial decree names Li Hung Chang as Minister Plenipotentiary to negotiate peace."
LI HUNG CHANG IS CHOSEN BY CHINA TO
NEGOTIATE WITH POWERS FOR PEACE
An additional,. long-distance : telephone
was placed between Canton and the White
House \ to-day. ' ; The ¦ rush ¦ of Washington
work necessitated .this. ,
. He' again emphasized that he will urge
Chaff ee . to . use every j effort to ', rescue the
Americans in Peking."^Minister Conger is
Instructed ; not \ to : leave , the Chinese capi
tal so long as he and the other legationers
consider - their) lives * in ; danger by so : do
ing. •'[ The ' position v of % the « United States
¦will again' be stated : and 1 the .Chinese Gov
ernment; will | once more \ be", warned "of the
consequences' of to give American
subjects ; proper protection.
to give: out no official statement this can
be ' said "of the President's attitude on the
Chinese situation: 'v.
WASHINGTON, Aug. f 10.— Admiral
Dewey said to-day, speaking : of the pub
lished story of an interview with ; h,lm in
relation to Philippine and Chinese affairs:
"My attention has been drawn to; the*
article as published. I made use of 'no
words saying; or .intimating 'that : 'what
ever show of resistance, to our authority,
is at the > present timeiin the Philippines
wlll;?be ikept up?.- until after .our; election
in November.- The > insurrection - is • kept
alive by the leaders who hold out to the
DEWEY DID NOT SAY
STATE OF WAR EXISTS
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10.— The Rus
sian Admiralty has received the following
dispatch from Admiral Alexleff :
"NIUCHWANG, Sunday. Aug. 5.— The
Chinese town of Nluchwang. . on the Gulf
of LlnotunK, was captured August 4, two
warships taking part in the bombardment.
The inhabitants .were disarmed." -
The Russian .War Office has received the
following' dispatch from Grodekoff:
"KHABAROVKA. Aug. 9.-General
Rennekampf,. August 7, overtook and de
feated the enemy beyond the Amur River,
capturing two • guns. The battle .was con
tinued as far as Jaset. During the even
ing, of "August .1 the Chinese assumed the
offensive on both our flanks. - They were
driven back with great loss. Rennekampf
has; been reinforced with infantry, artil
lery and cavalry. • The railroad north of
Tashi-tsao is in the hands of the Chinese,
who destroyed the station at Halcheng.
August 6, and damaged the line. Hai
cheng was recaptured after : an obstinate
fight. The mountain floods interfere with
the reconstruction of the line."
RUSSIAN REPORTS OF
VICTORIES OVER CHINESE
The San Francisco Call.. DENVER. Aug. 10.— The; State of. Colo
rado to-day began a suit against the Pull
man • Palace Car Company >.; for* $ll,0S5,
which, s it is. claimed. Is due the State as
incorporation ;-fee. ¦ The company-Is • in
corporated in this State for only $100,<)00,
Pullman Company Sued.
TELEGRAPHIC BRfcVITIES.
HAMTU;rtG. Aur. 10.— The plague patient
who was rtlpoover^d August € on board a vessel
in the harbor ix dead.
LOUISVILLE. Auk. 10.— Mrs. William Itosen
berRCT ami her two-year-old child' were burned
to dpath to-«Jay in a flre which destroyed their
dwelling.
NEW TORK. Aur. 10.— An autopsy held on
the body or Ralph Miller, who died Wednesday
xii«fct after a boxing match with Victor Bald
win at Richmond Hill. L. I., showed' that death
was caused by a blood clct on the brain.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 10.— Mis* HMene Zim
merman, whose engagement to marry the Duke
cf Manchester ir announced by tj»e Puke's
mother, ic the accomplished daughter of Eu
ecne Zimmerman of Cincinnati, a man of coa
«'.«!cr«ble wealth and active in railroad and
ether large industrial enterprises. Miss Zlm
boeu ic bis cote heiress.
by the Inundations.
Fp«>cini;DUpatch to The Call.
FLOODS IN AvJSTBALIA.
Severe Losses in Nsw South Wales
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 10.— The steam
ship Aorangi brought news j that very
fiovore losses have been inflicted on the
colony of New South Wales by floods
that occurred there during July. The
Sydney Morning Herald says in review
ing the floods: "There were few deaths
reported, but hundreds were rendered
homeless, and by the devastation heavy
blows- were struck at several Important
industries. In the Hawkesbury district
the valley was turned into a great • sea
Farms were submerged and homesteads
wrecked. People saw the work and to:l
of years washed away In a 1 few hours and
hundreds /had their all swept from them
escaping * in but the clothes in which
they stood. Live stock drifted down witli
haystacks and houses . on -, the temporary
sea3. The settlers piled boats about and
numbers were . rescued ¦- from death bv
them. In parts of the colony,, too; there
were great snow storms and bitter cold
added to the misery of the situation. The
Government will be called upon' to aid
the sufferers. ". . '• •
•PHOENIX. Ariz, Aug. 10.— Governor Mur
phy to-day granted a pardon to"Jo*lah Ander-
Bon. serving a terraat Tuma penitentiary for
assault with intent to kill.
Mission Democrats Meet.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Democratic Club held a meeting last night
at Mission Native Sens' Hall. A commit
tee of three was appointed to wait on
Mayor Phelan on his return and ask that
he appoint some member of the club Su
pervisor to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Supervisor J. E. A. Helms.
An executive committee of nine and a
campaign committee of twenty-five were
appointed to take charge of the coming
election In the district.
Panhandle Express Robbed in Ohio
Without the Knowledge of Any -
of the Crew.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 10.— When the
Panhandle express 1^ train No. 8 from the
west pulled into the Union station shortly
after 11 o'clock to-night Charles Lane, the
express messenger, was found dead in the
car with a bullet In his heart. The safe
had been opened with his key and all the
valuables taken. »
The murder and robbery are supposed to
have taken place between Milford Center
and Columbus. ;:¦¦:¦-. -
¦ Indications are that there was , a des
perate and bloody struggle In the express
car.v ¦• . ¦' •¦,. /¦.-¦ !.¦
A careful examination of the body of
the dead messenger revealed eight bullet
wounds/ Three of them were In the right
side of the back," about eight inches beloMr
the shoulder. One was . in the left sidft,
six inches above the hln bone. Four
were In and about the calf of the right
leg. :¦:¦:•.:-:. -—.-*.. ¦ _ .-. ¦ .. ¦
One report is that $45,000 In money was
secured by the robbers. ,'
, NETV YORK. A us.' 10.— The engagements rtt
sold for shipment to London to-morrow arnoui't
to ?3,250,CC0. : v }
MYSTERIOUS ITALIAN
VISITS THE WHITE HOUSE
Had a Brass Projectile Which He
Said He Wished to Show to
the President.
WASHINGTON, Aug. lO.-An Italian,
who gave his name as "Professor" Flguc
cia, of Felucca, Italv; caused some ex
citement at the White House to-day by
exhibiting a brass projectile which he
Wished to present to the -President. He
came here this afternoon accompanied by
a negro who bore a large satchel. When
stopped at the front door by Usher Mit
chell, he presented a slip of paper bear
ing this inscription: "Professor Flguccia
presents this projectile to the President
of the United States."
He took out of the satchel a very heavy
projectile and a long wire and explained
that the pushing of the wire through a
hole which had been bored in the end of
the projectile's nose would caustf a big
explosion. The visitor could speak no
English and made known his mission by
signs. ¦- ¦\r*Z--.-
After some questioning it was conclud
ed the Italian was an inventor seeking
official recognition of his device and he
was to the Italian, Embassy.
Later the Secret Service was notified.
MESSENGER KILLED
AND SAFE ROBBED
NEPTUNE ASHORE
ON THE BEACH
BELOW THE PARK
Schooner, It Is Believed,
Will Be a Total
JuOSS.
The Wind Failed Her as She Was
Running Out, and the Current
Carried Her to Pestruc
tion.
Borne in on a cross current of the flood
tide, the Fchooner Neptune went ashore
last evening on the beach about two miles
and a half below the South Side Life Sav-
I Ing Station. There was not a breath of
I wind stirring; the moon was shining
! brightly and the cliffs of the shore could
j be plainly Feen for hours before she struck.
j Yet with two anchors dragging through
j the sand she got into the breakers, and
j now, "stern to," she is digging herself
into the beach. It is not believed she can
j be cot off.
Her crew and captain are safa. The
crew never left the ship, for she lies as
! steady as a rock in the surf, and the cap
! tain left her only to telephone in for a
I tug In order that all possible may be
; done to save her.
The Neptune left port yesterday at 12.
I She was bound In ballast for Houda under
j Captain Conrad Johnson. As she went
j out through the heads the wind failed her
I and she commenced to drift to the south
| ward. A strong flood tide was running
i and in one of the cross currents that it
! makes down the fteach below the Cliff
J House the luckless schooner was caught.
• She drifted about all the afternoon and
i at dusk was well down the beach. Her
i captain was not anxious about her until
i the cliffs below the life-saving station
j carn<? abeam. Then he tried to come about,
i There was not wind enough to bring the
vessel out. however, and she only -wal
lowed In the swells, getting nearer and
nearer to the shore every Seeing
j that the position of his vessel was grow
ing serious. Captain Johnson let go one
j anchor, and then iflie other. held
! for a few minutes and then they eom
! menced to drag through the soft bottom.
j Then as a last resort Johnson ordered
out the small boat and , he tried to get
out the kedge, bring it out beyond the
suction of the roller?, which were then
close aboard, and after dropping it warp
the vej=5<jl out from the shore.
The rollers were too near, however, and
they caught .the small boat and. capsized
her. Johnson and the two men with him
struggled in the surf until the men on the
schooner could throw lines to them, and
by the time they got aboard again the
schooner wa» upon the beach and working
farther in chore with every wave that
ran past h«T.
i She struck stern first, but soon the rol
• lers turned her broadside to and in that
J position she is settling fast Into the sand.
While she was still outside the breakers
the lookout on the hill near the South
Side Life-saving Station, saw. her, and.be
fore she struck the lifeboat under Captain
Smith was bearing down on her. They
came alongside and Captain Johnson
came ashore to send for assistance. Them
wai no danger to any one and the crew
did not leave the vessel.' Then, some
time later. Captain Varney. with the life
saving crew from the Golden Gate Sta
tion at Bakers Beach, came along In a
wagon. They had been telephoned to
from the South Side Station and came to
offer assistance. There was not much to
do, however, for the schooner was hard
and fast, but not leaking, and there was
no danger. In fact at low tide, about
11:30 o'clock, she could be reached by a
man wading out through the waves.
The tug A'.ert was sent at once to her
assistance, but she could do nothing; nor
can anything be done until the high tide
this evening. Then an effort will be made
to get her off, hut Captain Smith and
Captain Varney, the life sa\"ers, say it is
doubtful if she will ever leave the bed she
is making fcr herself.
The Neptune is a schooner of 184 tons
gross, built in Kureka eighteen years ago
and owned by Sudden & Christenson, of 22
Market street, In this city. She has been
in the coast trade since she was built.
She was to load shingles at Houda, near
Humboldt Bay, for Newport, on the south
ern coast. She is valued at $6000, and but
recently ehe was on the drydock, where
she was repaired to the extent of $1000.
The place where the Neptune went
ashore Is a particularly dangerous bit of
beach, especially in the kind of weather
and under the conditions that existed wiicn
the schooner loft port.* There is a 'reef
running out from the beach which the
schooner escaped, but the flood tide makes
an eddy there that is sure to bring a
vessel in shore if there be no wind, and
the fact is proved that it sets in strong
enough to drag two anchors.
On July 4, 18S7, the schooner John Fred
erick went ashore at almost the exact
spot where the Neptune* now lies. The
"Frederick was a total loss. And two and
a half years ago the ship Enoch Talbot,
under similar conditions, was driven in
side the reef by the current, but a timely
breeze saved her.
ASTORIA. Or.. Aujt. 10.— The flshlnif season
on the Columbia Iliver closed to-day. Th»
total salmon pack is 2*52,000 cases, against 279,
000 last season.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Aug. 10.— Mrs.
John Davis, the wife of one of the de
fendants charged with being an accessory
to. the Goebel assassination, was the first
witness introduced by the defense in the
Powers trial to-day. Powers boarded at
her house. John Powers was also there
on January 25. She testified that the lat
ter was ill in his room at her house that
day, and did not leave his room after 11
o'clock. This was In contradiction of the
testimony of Robert Noakes, who told
of an alleged conversation with . John
Powers at the State House, in which, he
said, the latter told him to "stay close to
the building, as something was going to
happen as ' soon as Goebel and those fel
lows came down."
Solomon Wilder of Whltely County
testified that Robert Noakes was at Cor
bln in March and asked him not to tell
anybody he was In town, as he might be
arrested in connection 'with the assassin
ation conspiracy.
On cross-examination it developed that
Wilder went to Frankfort in December
with Noakes and the other armed moun
tain men at the time of the meeting of the
State Election Commissioners. Noakes
gave him and the other men their trans
portation. He did not go. to Frankfort
with the two tralnloads of mountaineers
in which Noakes and hjs company, went
January 25, but heard them when they re
turned. Witness said they were drunk
and firing their guns promiscuously
Golden picked out of the muster roll of
Noakes' company the names or a num
ber of members of the company. y\ltnes3
told of various crimes for which they
had been tried, making the charge in sev
eral Instances. r ;Vi ¦".
On direct examination Wilder testified
that John L. Jones of the Noakes Com
pany w?.s a- man of good character.. On
cross-examination he said Jones had
twice been convicted of murder and sen
tenced in each case to life imprisonment,
but was pardoned.
The defense then asked to be allowed
to offer as evidence the act of the Legis
lature appropriating $100,000 i for the pur
pose of aiding in the search for and prose
cution of the assassins of William Goebel.
The prosecution offered no objection, and
the act was made a part of the testimony.
Walter Day, former; Republican State
Treasurer, testified that Youtsey sent for
him the day before the shooting. He went
to ; see Youtsev, and the latter told him
that for $300 he would settle the contest.
Witness pressed Youtsey to know how ha
would accomplish It. but the latter- would
only say that for that amount, he would
- Witness said to Youtsey. "I am not that
kind of a man," and refused to confer
longer with Youtsey about It. ¦
On cross-examination a letter' written
by Day to Secretary of State Hill was
produced. The defense objected, to It be
ing introduced and the jury. was excluded
during - argument. In the, .letter Day
states: . ' :"
"I will make a good witness for the
commonwealth and I want you; to go see
th« prosecuting attorney. Franklin, and
tell him I want to be on the stand and tell
all I know about the case." •
' • The .letter ' expresses the '.opinion that
Youtsey ; was the guilty party. The court
admitted the letter as evidence.
Walter Day Testifies That Youtsey
Offered to Settle the Goebel Con
; test for a Sum of
Mrs. John Davis on. the
Stand at George-
CONTRADICTS
TESTIMONY OF
ROBERT NOAKES
Fatalities and Numerous Prostra
tions Are Reported From Other
Points in the East.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Eleven persons
died here to-day from the excessive heat
which has been torturing humanity in
this locality for some days and still con
tinues with little prospect of relief.
The first official record of temperature
was at 3 o'clock this morning, when the
thermometer registered 79 degrees. It
gradually climbed to 94 degrees at 6
o'clock this evening. Then it slowly
dropped to S2 degrees at midnight. At 4
o'clock the street thermometers regis
tered 100.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. lO.-The intense
heat to-day resulted in two deaths and
twenty prostrations. The maximum tem
perature. 98 desrees. was reached at 4
o'clock this afternoon. The minimum was
SO at 3:40 o'clock this morning. At 8
o'clock the mercury had reached the So
mark'and by 10 o'clock had jumped to 92.
At noon three additional degrees were
noted and at 2 o'clock SS degrees were reg
istered.
The average for the past four days has*
been higher than for any similar period
on record. Many large factories through
out the city are working on half time, the
heat of the afternoon being too great for
the employes to endure.
PITTSBURG, Au«. 10.— The ther
mometer jumped a point to-day, reaching
97 degrees. Five deaths and six prostra
tions were directly attributable to the
heat.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. 10.— There were
two deaths in Minneapolis to-day a3 a
result of the heat.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— Nine deaths and
fifteen prostrations resulted from the ex
cessive heat here to-day. The tempera
ture was above 90 the greater part of the
day and for one hour during the after
noon touched 95.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 10.— Two deaths
and on« prostration, due to the heat, were
reported to-day. Maximum temperature
S3 degrees.
ONE OF TURKEY'S
STATESMEN IS DEAD
Close of the Career of DJevad Pasha,
"N Former Grand Vizier," and Noted
Soldier.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. lO.-Djevnd
Pasha, the former Grand Vizier, la dead
DJevad Pasha first came Into general"
notice when on July 9. 1S30. he was So
Governor General of Crtte at the close
of a period of disturbance, in the settle
rnent of which he* bore a prominent Dart
as commander of the Turkish troops P if«
W 1?, th< L n a >' oun & soldier of recofrnizPd
ski and^rnarked intellectual and m"rarv
abillty. The following year, 8eptepiber 3
lous times of the four year's follower"
Soon after the clo>e of the %£? h countr y-
APPOINTED CHIEF~~0F STAFF
staff! on al dersee's chief of
CHINESE TROOPS MARCHING.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10.— It " is' re-
Ported that 12,000 Chinese troens ar»
™ a , rc Wn* from the provinces of P Hu"n
and Hupei toward , Peking and Tientsin?
CAPTURED KHARBIN.
( ST.. PETERSBURG. Aug. 10._It is offl
rn a J ftrS7 n i?i! nC K? th . at the R«8sian|troop3
captured kharbin, August 3. *
while In Illinois it is incorporated with n
capital of $74,000,000. The Fult is brought
to force the company to incorporate anew
here and pay the incorporating tax on its
entire capital.
ELEVEN DEATHS FROM
HEAT IN NEW YORK
NO LOW RATES.
Los Angeles Merchants Discouraged
by Refusal of Rail-ways.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 10.— The remain
ing members of the committee of Los An
geles wholesale men who recently con
ferred in San Francisco with the chiefs
of the traffic departments of the railroads
returned to this city this morning and
they report that no voluntary action Is to
be expected from the companies in the re
duction of San Joaquin Valley rates. Ac
cording to the view of the committeemen.
there was no real consideration given to
the case. It was decided before- it was
presented.
A special meeting of the Jobbers' Asso
ciation has been called to take place next
"VVednesday afternoon, when the whole
situation will be thoroughly dfscu3s«d.
building, which was destroyed, with the
occupant. The robbers have not yet beeu
identified.
There is no doubt about the men being
the train robbers. On the body of the one
shot In the morning was found a watch,
two black calico masks, .a lady's chain
and charm and an opened envelope ad
dressed to some illegible name at Hugo,
Colo. He was hrought to town to-night.
The man in the house had a large roll of
bills, but those with the robbers' two
valises were burned. Both men were
about 30 years of age and desperadoes,
having threatened to shoot several farm
ers who refused to keep them. The house
on the ranch, with its contents, was val
ued nt $12C^. and will be paid for by the
county. The two citizens. Briggs and Cul
lins. shot in the fight are doing well and
will probably recover.
GOODLAXD, Kan?., Aug. lO.-The
two men who held up a Union Pa
cific train near Hugo, Colo., iast
Sunday morning, killing W. J. Fay,
a passenger, and plundering the
passengers, were killed to-day by a Sher
iff's , posse at the Bartholomew ranch,
three miles east of this place. The rob
ters were located in the house on the
ranch in the morning and 'the posse lined
up and cut off escape. After a fusillade
between the robbers and the posse, in
which J. J. Riggs and Joe Culling, depu
ties, were shot, one of the robbers jumped
from a window and sought to escape, but
was shot to death. The posse then laid
siege to the house, in which the remaining
robber stood guard with a Winchester, and
finally succeeded in ' setting fire to the
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by
the Herald Publishing Company.
LOrREXZO MARQUES. Aug. 31.— It
is persistently rumored here that
former President Steyn of the Orange
Free State has committed suicide.
LONDON. Aug. 11.— According to the
Lourenzo Marques correspondent of the
Daily Express, President Kruger, in the
course of an interview last Wednesday,
said that the report that he intended to
s-urrender was without foundation. He
declared that the war would last a long
time yet.
A Boer bulletin, continued the corre- |
epondent, announces a big battle between j
Lydenburg and Middleburg, in which the <
British had 500 killed and wounded, it also
announces the recapture by the burghers
of Heilbron, Devillierdorp and Frankfort.
Boer reports, by way of Lourenzo Mar-
ques, lately have proved worthy of little
credence.
A special dispatch from Pretoria says
the Boer plot to make a prisoner of Lord
Roberts and shoot all the British officers
possible, discovered Thursday, included
the recapture of Pretoria and the shooting
of Lord Roberts and to induce the burgh
ers to rise en masse. A number of sus
pected accomplices of the conspirators
have been conducted across the border.
The British authorities are to
the danger of allowing Boer ¦sympathizers
to remain in Pretoria and the issue of
passes to the burghers has been stopped.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— The United States
Irish societies, in a letter to McKinley.
call the President's attention to the fact
that Boer prisoners are being sent to the
island of Ceylon. The climate in deadly
to white men. They hold that this is a
violation of the usages of civilized war
and urge interference.
From Lourenzo . Marflues Comes the Story
That the Ex-President of the Free
State Has Committed Suicide,
PERSISTENT RUMORS
OF M. T. STEYN'S DEATH
GENERAL TERAUCHI, CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE JAPANESE FORCES
IN CHINA.
TRAIN ROBBERS KILLED
BY SHERIFF'S POSSE
Men Who Robbed a Train In Colorado and
Murdered W, J, Fan Located In Kansas
and Refuse to Surrender.
NEW SENSATION
SPRUNG IN THE
GAYNOR CASE
Important Testimony Givpn
by Captain Carter's
Father-in- Law.
Was Asked to Swear That He Was
Furnishing Money to the Officer,
but Refused to
•
NEWY6RK, Aug. 10.— The hearing to
secure the removal of John F. Gaynor, W.
T. Gaynor, T. H. Gaynor and Benjamin
D. Greene, accused of conspiracy to de
fraud the Government, to the jurisdiction
of the Georgia courts, was continued.be
fore United States Commissioner Shields
to-day.
Mr. Kellogg of counsel for the defend-;
ants announced that he had produced, as
called .upon, a book of the minutes of the
meetings of the Atlantic Contracting
Company for 1891 and 1S92.
J.' \V. O.Sterly, chief clerk of the engi
neer's, office at Savannah, was the first
witness questioned by United States Dis
trict Attorney Erwin of Georgia. He said
he had seen ex-Captain O. M. Carter on
August 15, 18K), at the University Club in
this city and there conferred with him as
to specifications for certain work to be
done at Savannah. He was cross-exam
ined and excused.
The prosecution then sprang a decided
surprise on counsel for the defendants by
calling to the witness stand Robert T.
Westcott, former Captain O. M. Carter s
father-in-law. During Captain Carter's
court-martial he claimed that many of
the bonds and securities in his possession
and which he hypothecated for various
sums of money had been placed in his
hands by Westcott, and he also claimed
a power of attorney from his father-in
law. During the proceedings of the board
of inquiry'. Mr. Westcott went to Europe.
Mr. Kellogg of counsel said when West
cott was called: "We were not prepared
for this and lind ourselves much embar
rassed. We were prepared to cross-ex
amine Captain Gillett, but not Mr. Wept
cott."
Mr. Westcott, after being questioned on
preliminary points, said Benjamin D.
Greene met him at the Hoffman House
and handed him a package of bonds, ask
ing that he take care of them.
Would Not Perjure Himself.
"Carter told me about the board of in
quiry and that he expected to be arrest
ed," said Mr. Westcott, "and asked me if
I would receive these bonds from Greene.
I demurred, but he insisted, and I finally
assented. Greene met me at the Hoffman
House October 11, 1807, and gave me the
bonds. I deposited them with the New
York Safety Deposit Company."
The witness said Carter asked him to go
before the board of inquiry and testify
that the large amounts of money Carter
was spending were received from him.
"But I told him." safd Mr. Westcott.
"that I could not do that— that I could not
swear to a lie."
Mr. Kellogg's objection to answers made
by Westcott precipitated personalities
between counsel, in which Westcott asked
for protection:- 1
Commissioner Shields assured Westcott
he would. b6 protected as a witness ana j
the examination was resumed. It was
then brought out that previous to the s'es- |
sion of the board of inquiry both Cap- j
tain Carter and Benjamin D. Greene had •
gone to Westcott and asked him to take
the bonds and securities. This. was done,
according to the counsel for the prose*
cution, because It was known that Car
ter had money on deposit that he could
not well have made from his salary.
Consequently. Westcott was asked to be
come a member of the Atlantic co'ntract
ing company to account tor his having the.
bonds, and securities. -This he refused,
but he placed the bonds in Carter's
safe deposit vault, j Then powers of at
tornev were shown from Westcott. who
gave 'Carter entire control of all West
cott's business affairs. The bonds and
securities that were handed Westcott to
the amount of $450,000 never appeared in
the board of inquiry proceedings. West
cott identified the powers of attorney
given by him to Carter, and told in detail
of receiving the $450,000 worth of bonds
and securities from Carter and Greene.
Identifies Checks.
He also identified a number of check?
drawn by him in favor of Benjamin D.
Greene, aggregating in sums to the
amount of $49,000. Those sums he paid
at the request of Captain Carter, who
paid them back in various sums at dif
ferent times. Witness met Captain Car
ter in New York In September. ISM. by
rcquest, and Carter gave him $100,000 to
take care of until Carter returned from
Georgia. It was also brought out tftat
different men in Savannah have loans or
large amounts, the money for which pur
ported to come from Mr. Westcott. Mr.
Westcott knew nothing about these
checks for the amounts of -three of these
loans that were put in evidence to-day,
as follows: Bierne Gordon, $10,000; John
Lyons, $15,000, and T. W. Cunningham,
$10,000.
The contention of the. prosecution in
this matter is that the money advanced
on these loans was not Westcott's, but
belonged to Captain Carter. 1
Testimony was also given relative to a
partnership existing between Westcott
and Captain Carter four years ago, in
which both had built houses in Orange.,
N. J., and the prosecution contends that
half of the money for these contracts be
longed to Captain Carter.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.-A number of the
leaders of the different parties opposing
the presort administration held a con
ference at Democratic headquarters to
day. The principal subject of discussion
was the entanglement in Idaho and upon
this a tentative agreement was reached
According to this underFtandin* the Pop
ulists will withdraw their electoral caij
cldates and return to the original basis of
Fettlement agreed upon for that State be
iore the various parties held their con
ventions. The agreement was accented
bjr all presfnt. but its promulgation mi
postponed until Senator Heltfeld can b?
f-nr.Fulted conc*rning it. Mr. Bryan was
frequently call.-d into the cohfpren^e
Ff-nator Duboi* represented the Silver Tlc
pul.licans and Mr. Breidenthal of Kansas
\ and others represented the Populists
Populist notification.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— The Populist ad
visory committee to-night recommended
that the Populists notify Bryan of his
nomination by the Sioux Falls convention
Bt Topoka. Kan., on August 23. The noti
fication by the Free Silver Republicans
•will be at a later date and probablv at
Et. 'Paul, being- in ex-Congrwsman
Townc's State.
Dates and Places Will Be Announced
From Time to Time and His Cal
endar Is Notst Abso
lutely Free.
CHICAGO. Aug. V\-W. J. Bryan will
make r.c such extended tpeech-maklng
tour of the country this campaign as he
Old four years ago. He will make a num
ber of speeches, but they win be in con
nection with special occasions and not
1 art of a peoeTAj wringing around the cir
cle. That step v.as determined during the
talki which Bryan had with the members
of the executive; committee of the Xa
liorsal Conirr.itttc and that w;-.s all that
was determined. The membership of the
cemmitu-e was revised fo as to give New
York titaiH a representation on it. Com
mittcecian H*>aa of Tennessee withdrew,
i^vir.- fcis reation thui lie had not lime
to attend to its duties, Bsd Norman K.
Mack, National Committeeman from Now
101-4. was named la the place of .Mr. Head
<n me executive committee. tfpeaRIng of
his ov.-n plans for the campaign, as far as
mey were determined on to-dav, Brvan
?aidj " "
"No regular programme of speeches Cy
m* w::i i>e mapped out. and no especial
itinerary arranged. I shall make a few
Eperchea during the campaign. The times
u:id cates will be announced from time
to t'.me £.s they are determined upon. Just
noTi--here is no announcement or anv kind
to make, because no date has been tixed
< r arrangement made. When it is fettled
that I am to appear at any particular
piacf. the announcement will be made
Then there -a-ni be nothing further to give
out until the time and place is determined
i-pon Every speech will be independent
of all others."
Asked if this was meant to Include the
outing- of the Irish societies here on next
Wednesday and that of the trade? unions
on Labor day. Mr. Bryan said:
"Yes, it is not yet decided whether I
Fhail appear at cither or both of these
oceasom..
In response to a question a? to his for
mal letter of acceptance of the Democra
tic nomination. Mr. Bryan replied:
"I cannot say now when that letter will
be ready. It is certainly not yet written "
Mr. Dryan experts to remain here until
..Ior.day at least and perhaps longer. Then
ho will go to Lincoln.
POPULISTS MAY
INDORSE STEVENSON
CHICAGO. Aug. lO.-The executive
committee of the Populist party to-day
decided to call a meeting of the National
Coramittpe of that party, to be held in
this city on August 27. At that meeting
the question of filling the vacancy on the
Presidential ticket occasioned by Mr.
Tovrne'^ declination of the nomination
for the Vice Presidency will V disposed
of. The claim was made by some of the
members that this action <buld be taken
by ihe> executive committee, but refer
ence to the minutes of the proceedings
<f the Populist convention showed that
the power to fill the vacancies is vested
in only the full National Committed.
EIkM out of ten of the members of the
executive committee were present. Sen
ator Butler, chairman of the committee,
was one of the absentees. He made no
explanation cf his failure to attend and
the other members are at a lo^s to ac
count for it. The committee Issued the
following address:
The txeegtiv committee of the People's
party tskes this mrthod of expressing to you
its grratlScatirTi m account of th« absolute
harmony Wbfek •¦xiftp between the alllfd par
ties. There is n-> discord anywhere. On the
contrary, a coir.meniiable spirit of rivalry ex
ists b^tw«-»n the Democrats. Populists and Sil
ver Rrput iirar.s pv to who phall mak» the l^st
record in support of our unrivaled leader, Wil
liam j. Bryan.
W> have not felt authorized to fill the va
canry on our ticket occasioned by the dTlina
tfon of the Hon. Charles A. Towne and haw
rallfd the National Committee to meet in this
city on AUEUft 27. 1J<K).
%\> tru*t tr^r» may N> a full attendance of
the committee. MeunrbUe, r^t assured thet no
<1:e?ord will grew out c.t \Y.f Vice Presidential
Fituation. J. H. EDMISTOX. Chairman.
G. A. EI>GnrtTON. Secretary.
Members of the party stated that Mr.
Stevenson will be indorsed by the fuh
committee when it meets.
It wa5 decided during the meetinp that
national headquarters be established
here, the main naticftad headquarters to
remain in L»rc<"ln. Committeemar. Eu
pene Smith of Chicago will be in charge.
NOMINATIONS MADE
BY TEXAS DEMOCRATS
"tt'ACO. Trx.. Aug. 10.— The Democratic.
Etate Convention to-day nominated a full
Stale ticket and adjourned pine die. The
tickt-t :
Governor— D. Savers.
Lieutenant Governor— J. N. Thayer.
Attorney Oentral— Thomas S. Smith.
Land Commissioner — Charles Regan.
Comptroller — R. M. Love.
Superintendent of Public InEtructlon— J.
F. Kendall.
Chief Justice Supreme Court— R. S.
Gain* 1 ?.
Associate Justices— A. L. Williams and
John N". Henderson.
Treasurer— John \v. Robbing. .
Railroad Oommissinnrr— J. L. Storey.
SThp nomination of State officers war in
*arly every instance by acclamation the.
only contest ncinp that for Railroad Com
missioner between Mr. Etorev. the in
cumbent, and E. P. Curti*. The vote re
sulted in the nomination of Storey on the
first ballot, 55) to 423.
AGREEMENT REACHED
CONCERNING IDAHO
BRYAN WILL
NOT MAKE ANY
REGULAR TOUR
Speeches to Be lelivered
at Irregular Intervals
When Advisable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STAMFORD. Conn.. Aug. 10.— Under
cover of darkness, with the tide at its
height, a curious appearing dark green
craft glided from a mysterious building
on "Ware Island and into the water <nL
Stamford harbor at half-past 10 o'clnc't
to-night. It was a submarine torpedo
boat, concerning which the utmost se
crecy has been observed during the fifteen
months of lta construction. J. C. Carter
who saya he comes from Xew York, has
had practical charge of the building of
the boat, and i3 believed to represent a
syndicate.
Extraordinary efforts have bfeu mad«
to keep the facts regarding: the craft from
leaking out and there has been an air nf
mystery surrounding the Island. A build
ing was constructed in which the boat
was built, which prevented any one in a
passing boat from catching a glimp3e of
what was going on. The workmen were
pledged to secrecy. Armed men with
savage-appearins dogs have patrolled the
shores of the inland and have success
fully Intimidated all who .showed any in
tention to land. It was not until last
week, when one end of the building was
torn down, that those who ventured near
the island were able to distinguish what
appeared to be a torpedo-boat. Some facts
regarding the boat were obtained from'
one of the men employed on the island
who lives in Stamford. In general ap
pearance the craft i3 like the Holland
submarine torpedo-boat. It is fifty feet
long and about eight feet beam. Its pro
pelling power is similar to Dr. Jackson'3
method, the water beins forced out of
the stern. It is equipped with tanks ca
pable of holding eight barrels of kerosene
oil. There are two powerful pumps,
worked by electricity. There Is an ar
rangement by which, as soon as the oil
is consumed, the tanks will be filled with
water, so as to keep the ballast the samp.
The submerging of the boat is controlled
by rudders on each side. She has s!da
keels, two bilge keels and three rudders.
There are two torpedo tubes projecting
from a conning tower just abov? the deck.
The boat Is built of yellow pin© and la
sheathed with galvanized iron.
It had been arranged to launch the boat
last night, but the approach of several
men in a boat evidently alarmed those on
the Island, who fired several shots from
shore and ran to and fro excitedly. Sev
eral dogs also appeared and barked sav
agely, frightening away the would-be in
vestigators.
Constructed on "Ware Island and
Watched Over by Men With Guns
and Most Savage Ap
pearing Dogs.
Men Representing a Syndi
cate Successfully Guard
Their Secret.
MYSTEBIOUS
TORPEDO BOAT
IS LAUNCHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
2
CAPTAIN H. J. REILLY, FIFTH UNITED STATES ARTILLERY, WHOSE
BATTERY WAS ENGAGED AT YANGTSUN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Scvo a Drunkard*
A Trial Package of Her Manreloua
Hcare Treatment j^ES for the asking. ->
An j true woman might well be proud to hare
saved one poor soul from the shackles of drink,
but Mrs. Hawkins has redeemed thousands by
her noble and practical work among those nbo
huvs been victims of intemperance. Mrs.Iiawl»»
ics for years suScrcd the grief and ar.jruisft
shared by so manv truo and faithful women of
America to-day, wbohavodrinlt-afflicted fath-
ers, husbands or sons. She determined to over-
come thhvfearful eril If possible. Her search
for a harmless, perfect and secret home euro
was at last rewarded n-hen an old friend cams
to her and pave her a remedy wbich bad never
been known to fail. Mrs. Hawltlns fravo too
remedy secretly and in af ew wcebs.to her g reas
]oy, her dearest rolatlve was entirely cured of
appetite for ilrlnii and was asain restored to
health and man^cod.
After this wonderful result Sirs. IlawUlns ds.
elded to devoto her life to the work ef helpinj
her sisters everysrbero.'vvhom she found suSer- I
, in? as she had suffered from the effect* or a'.co- ;
aol upon a husband, fatlier or son. ¦ With tha
assistance of others she perfected the original
treatment and now ofTers to send this treat-
meai tree to any distressed wlfo.nsother or sis-
ter Trho will write for it. Mrs. Hawkins* fr?3S
tlssfre la tha6 every wemnn who need* thl3
mcdlcina vrill •write at or.ee to her and get It.
A Or-»»«tfnl Woman.
• MRS. MAY UAWKINS, Grand Rapids. Mtrb.—
MyDcart'rland: Yon bare been tli«meansof brinjr-
lnxsunsblnaln f .om7bonio. La« AucrustI got jour
remedy and foot^n RiTtnji it to my taur.bnnd.anrt from
thatflta?unt!ltU3pr. v s';r. t : ho fca* not taken a drop of
nnyklc lef aleca-v.lcflririfcs. Icannrt My toomwh
for irdat yocr rotnedy ii»«s iT-ine for me and 1 unto It a»
»helpertonrsyiao:hcr.s!st«rorwtfe-!*t:o snnll n*ed
it. Yonrs sincerelr. MR*. U. A. LANK.
Eist Hampton, He., Teh. 11, isOO.
Thousands havs saved their homes and loved
ones by this remedy and yea can be amonjr the
number if you only wish, Ic Mrs. Hawkins
treats every letter she receives sacredly confi-
dential and you nrcd have no ncsitancy what*
ev-r in writinsr her for assistance. Do not de-
lay; wrlt« her to-dar. Address
Urs. Msy Hawkins. *> 1 2S Grand ftaolrfa. MlcifcUNALASKA— In port July 27— Sealing: schrs
Director. Allle I. 1 Alger. Enterprise,' City • or
San • Diejio and Penelope. .
KEAH. BAT— Passed Augr 10— Ship Glory of
the Sea?, hence July 28, for Comox: Br shlj.
Lindfleld, from Santa Rosalia, for British Co
lumbia: schr Okanogan. from Port Ludlow. for
Honolulu. : ¦ ¦¦¦¦--
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Friday. August 10.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, . 11 hours from Point
Arer:u. r ,
Tug Columbia, '¦ hours from Coos Bay.
Brig Lurline, Turloff. 19 days from Kahulul.
Schr Guide. Olse-n. 6 days from Grays Harbor.
Bchr Czar, .Wagner, 4S days from Altaia.
PEPPER STAKES
WON IN DRIVE
BY BONNIBERT
All Ages Handicap at Saratoga Re»
suits in a Head Victory for
Peaceful Over Anthracite,
a Bank Outsider.
The Parader, a Seven to
Ten Favorite, Takes
Third Place. .
ST. LjOUIS. Aue- 10.— Results at the Fair
Grounds to-day:
Felling, two > far-olds, glx furlongs— Seethins
won. Frenchle second. Margaret F third. Time,
l:16?i.
Selling:, six and a half furlongs— W. J. Baker
won, The Barrister second. Randazzo third.
Time.;l:!l>£. '
Three-year-olds, one mile— Go Out won. Tom
Gllmore second. Marie G. Brown third. Time,
1M4H- >
¦ Selling. - six furlongs— Lord Neville won. : Eu
genia Wyckes second, Horn third.' Time. 1:13.
Three-year-olds, one mile— Charlie O'Brien
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Results at Harlem:
Six furlongs— Satin Coat won. Propeller sec
ond FoTky Ford third. Time. 1:15.
Mile and ¦ three-elghths^ — Admetus won. Fox
Bard second. Barton third. Time. 5.21 3-5.
Short-course steeplechase— Globe II won, Reno
eecend. Last Past third. Time. 3:37. /
Six furlongs— Tayon won. La Princessa sec
ond. Abe Furst third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
Five furlongs — Bdith O won, Regia second,
H. Bun third. Ttine. 1:C1 3-5.
Mile and seventy yards— Dissolute won. Vain
second. Franrible third. Time. IMS.
SARATOGA. :.. T.. Aug. 10.— Showery
weather prevailed this afternoon, but the
rainfall was so slight that the track was
not affected. The starting was ¦ prompt
and good, the Clark gate being used in
the first three races. The Pepper stakes,
with a guaranteed value of $5000, was the
feature. Bonnibert won in a drive by
half a length from Alard Scheck. while
The Parader, the 7 to 10 favorite, the last
horse to leave the post In the field of six.
was third. The all-ages handicap, at a
mile and a furlong, resulted In a head
victory for Peaceful, who just got up la
time to beat the rank outsider Anthra
cite. Results:
Six furlongs. Belling— Heaper won. Tartar sec
ond, Eifin Conic third. Time. 1:13»4.
Five furlongs, selling— Cherished won. Guess
work second. Prtma II third. Time. 1:01%.
The- Pepper stakes, for two-year-olds; value
to the winner JX0O, to the second J10CO, to the
third JoOO, tlve and a half furlongs— Bonnibort
won Alard Schtck second. The Parader third.
Time, 1:C7H- , _ , ,
One mile and a furlonss— Peaceful won. An
thracite second. First Whip third. Time. 1:S2V«.
Handicap, two miles, J»00 added, over eight
hurdles— Klondike won. EIner second. Sir Hu
bert third. Time, 3:49H-
Ohio man being on the ropes when the
bell rang.
ROUlyTD SIX.
Gus was very slow coming out. They
exchanged light lefts and clinched. Gus
got his right Inside, landing on the chin,
and Fitz countered with a left on the
eye. raising a bump over Gus' eye. Gus
broke ground with Fltz following him.
Ruhlin managed to stave off Bob's lead
with a straight left. Fitzsimmons bored
In. sending his right to the body, and
Ruhlin clinched on the ropes. After they
broke away Fitz followed Gus"up with
lefts and rights to the head. With lefts
to body and jaw. he dropped him to the
floor Gus took the count, but when he
arose Fitzsimmons gave him no time, but
landed a right swing to the jaw and put
him out. Ruhlin was carried to his cor
ner and Fitzsimmons was declared the
winner. Time of round two mlnutes_and
ten seconds.
RUHLIN UNCONSCIOUS
FOR SEVERAL HOURS
Special rMspatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Sun says:
Ruhlin. when taken to his dressing-room
after the fight last night, was in very bad
shape and almost immediately became un
consclous. A doctor in the building re
sponded to a hurry call and found the
case so serious that he administered
strychnine. Ice bags were also applied
to Ruhlin's head and he partially revived.
He was then removed to Evera'rd's baths.
He again,' collapsed on his arrival there,
and as all local means failed to restore
him to consciousness Dr. Guy D. Lembard
was hastily summoned.
The doctor arrived at, 12:45 o'clock and
after making a thorough examination
«ald he felt quite safe in saying the fighter
had sustained no internal injuries. He
added that the blow which Ruhlin 1 re
ceived When his head struck the stage at
the time of the knock-out, together with
the plexus blow and other severe body
punishment, had brought him to a state
of collapse, and no serious results arc
likely to occur, judging from his present
condition. While the physician was ex
amining him - Ruhlin • opened his eyes and
faintly asked for water. This was given
him and he again lapsed into a sort of
stupor. . Blood' at this time was trickling
from his earsand nose. - . ¦" . ¦
Dr. Lembard said as a matter of pre
caution he would remain for a while.
All that I ask is that you all watch The
Call's bulletin board and see if my con
fidence is justified.
By the way, it may be worth while to
tell The Call readers that Fitzsimmons
called me over to him to-night and asked
me to shake hands. I shook. What else
could I do? Now. of course, you will want
to know something about my coming
match with Kid McCoy. I know that lots
of people, think McCoy is such a wonder
ful fancy boxer that he can whip a man
out of his class, and he needs to have
some of the conceit taken out of him. I
am confident that I am the better
boxer, and if anybody thinks my blows
arc not as heavy as they used to be,
why, just ask Jim Jeffries. I am not go
ing to make any rash promises.
Match With McCoy.
There he lay with his nose rubbing the
boards, and there he stayed till he was
carried to his corner. The crowd cheered
Fitz and hooted at poor Gus, who did
not mind, because he could not hear. He
was led from the ring to his dressing
room, where he lay on a table and was
sponged. He felt pretty badly when I
finally left him. He had nothing to say
and his jaw hung on his breast. I don't
imagine it was anything serious, though.
The hot weather and a good licking are
enough to make anybody feel bad, but I
wager you that Gus will come around all
right and if he has another go at the
Australian will lick him.
not hard to perform, for Ruhlin left his
face free for anybody to hit. He fell on
his knees as if his feet had been sud
denly knocked from under, and his fore
head hit the floor with a resounding
whack.
NEW YORK. At- 10,-If the fight
had been stronger my story would
be longer, but a short horse is soon
curried and it takes but six chap
ters to tell how Gus Ruhlin was
knocked out at Madison Square to-night
by Robert Fitzsimmons.
To begin with it was hot— the weather, 1
J. J. CORBETT
mean. If I were pro
fane, I might say
just how hot it was
in that big amphi
theater, but I don't
want Frisco people
to think I have de
generated in morals
since I left the coast.
But really, it was
enough to make a
preacher swear. You
folks out there with
your glorious climate
cannot realize what
hot weather means.
You should have been in Madison Square
Garden to-night. This big hall accommo
dates over 15,000 people. Every seat was
taken and many persons were standing in
the aisles. The thermometer registered 95
degrees— blood heat, Just think of it— and
then the auditorium, as usual at fights,
was filled with tobacco smoke.
Now you put two great big men to work
exchanging blows without cassation, ex
cept very brief intervals between rounds,
and they can't last long in Huch intense
heat as this has been to-night.
Ruhlin's Poor Showing.
I noticed early in the fight that both
men were still panting hard whenever the
bell sounded time. This is the only way
I can account for to-night's slow fight.
I call it a slow fight, because both men
seemed loggy and had no steam in their
blows, yet the crow-1 seemed pleased. I
was surprised at Ruhlin. Why, that great
big strong duffer made no sort of show
ing at 'all. I still contend that he can
lick Fitzsimmons, but for some reason he
was not in condition to-night. I had not
seen him for three days until I; met him
to-night.
Three days ago I was at his training
quarters, and. honest, his living room was
not any bigger than a dog kennel. It
was close and stifling. The air was bad.
I said, "Gus, get out "of here 'or you'll
sweat all the steam out of you."
Well, he did not take my advice and
you see the result. He hit Fitzslmmons
repeatedly, but did not jar him. I saw
as early as the first round that he was
bound to be licked, so I said, "Stay away
from him all you can, Gus, and maybe
he will lick himself. Maybe you can
manage to hold out the limit." He took
my advice and tried to keep out of
harm's way, now and then getting in a
crack to two on Robert's face and body,
which did not phase the Kangaroo. Guj
seemed exhausted.
The Knockout Blow.
Fitzsimmons was not much better, but
in the sixth round he managed to send
in a good one to Ruhlin's jaw. The Ohio
giant made a wry face and seemed to
hesitate, yet it was plain that he was
dazed. Robert observed it, too, and his
little eyes gleamed wickedly as he saw
his chance. The crowd yelled, "Fitz,
Fitz, hook him, Fitz!" And Robert re
sponded by fetching Gus a good left hook
on the jaw. It was a crackajack, though
By JAMES J. CORBETT.
Former Champion Corbett Saps the Men Were
. Unanle to Put Ann Steam in . Their Blows and
Expresses Surprise at the Poop Showing Made
hu Rufflin, Whom He Considers the Better Man.
tnougnt sure tnai
j^iS^^Sstv. Fitzsimmons would
&&*£~Jp^ri\ lose. Kuhlin had
PT'*5'*^'Vfe\ jabbed him in the
k. >.•• ,t&* tiy'/ lace and bod y re
te'eev "Vasy peatedly. and P.ob-
W \k%% ert's face was as
k .'ir J*jy ruby as his hair.
ff^"^ jSy But this only seemed
feaS". s?\ to arouse the Kan-
F^jjf I garoo'3 fighting pro-
E'STV" k clivitles. Those near-
> s v^ est the ring saw
-^PF*^ -<i blood in Fltzs eye
as well as on his
KID MCCOY. Jace^Hl^mus^a*
from that time he had Ruhlln on the de-
e "In. A the second round the Akron giant
•lipped and fell to his knees under a
Strong one on the face by Fltz. but he
arose before counted out. The same tmng
happened In the third. I should call it a
slow fisht, though not a tame or uninter
esting one. Those who expected to see
rintr science, a real boxing match must
have felt disappointed, but those who paid
their money to witness a contest for blcod.
a real savage fight, were rewarded. Both
men v.ere in earnest, and there was
enough gore spilled to suit the most bju'fl
spectator. Fitzsimmons* face was badly
cut up. but his lniuries were trifling. Ruh
lin seemed to suffer a ?:ood deal from the
effects of the knockout blow, and was
given a stimulant of strychnine by a phy
sician. The latter does not think that
Ruhlln's condition is serious, however.
"N'ow from what I saw of Fitzsimmons
fighting to-night. I think I can give him a
Rood match, for his money. At any rate.
1 am anxious to meet him after my affair
with Corbett. As for. the latter, I feel
ceitain that I can defeat this so-called
fancy boxer."
FIGHTERS HANDICAPPED
BY THE INTENSE HEAT
VICTOR AND VANQUISHED IN A RATTLING FIGHT.
NITW YORK. Aug. 10.— Bob Fltzsim
nons, ex-champion pugilist of the
•world, mrt Gus Ruhltn, the Akron
giant, to-nieht before the Twen
tieth Century Club at Madison
Square Garden and won by knocking the
Ohioan down and out In the sixth round.
Before the fight and for some weeks past
there have been many reports to the ef
fect that Fitzsiramor.s was too old to cope
Fucct-sslully with his younger opponent.
It was argurd that Fitzsimmons' well
known Imovlcdgt of ihe game rind his
capability for bard hitting would not be
r.bl€ to counterbalance the youth and
Et"Tgth, as well as the recently acquired
ring tactics, of the Ohio man. To-night,
however, all this has been changed. Fitz-
Flmmons did the trick cleanly and clev
erly. It was a fierce and bloody battlo
whil? It lasted tnd at times it looked as
If Ruhlm -would get tho better of the oth
er man, but Fitzsimmons at the proper
time cut loose with his fearful body blows
which finally snuffed out the Ohio box
er's light.
The bettir.g all along had favored Fitz
fecmmons, many wagers at the rate of 100
to 60 on Lanky Bob belnpr made. To
night, however, at the ringside there was
e flush of Ruhlin money, which forced
the odds to take a turn in Ruhlin's favor
at the rate of 100 to 90. This state of af
fairs did rot last long, however, and by
the tlrce the men put up their hands for
the opening round they were equal favor
ites.
Fierce Frora the Start.
3Icn Tire Early.
Fitzsimmons himself conceded about
thirty-two pounds to Ruhlin, and this In
itself was a serious handicap. Bui as the
result fhowed. Fitzsiimnons was equal to
the tas-it he hal set himself, and won out
w:t'.i that terrible solar plexus blow,
•a-h'ch. whenever it landed, shook Ruhlin
from head to foot. From the word "go"
the men started in with hurricane-like
force. Beth were •wild at times, but Fitz-
Fimmor.s was always the quicker to
fctecdy himself. Ruhlin clinched a good
deal "and for three or four rounds was
the aggressor. He landed some hard
Ftralght lefts on FitzEimmons" face and
pwur.K his rlsht t" the body and hfad
with ffarful fore-. Several cf these blows
FTappeied Fitzsirnmons, but none of them
landed on th* mark, as Fitzsimmons was
too shifty. At timfp both missed swings
with either hand, but many of Ruhlm'a
were dodged in the cleverest manner.
Fitz»:rr.mons forced Ruhlin to break
prour.d. and in hot mix-up* the Ohio man
was always the flr.n to ease up and take
r^fugf* in a clinch. Time and again Fitz-
Elmmoi? forced R"hlir. to the ropes, from
which position Ruhlin got away rather
clumsily. *rh!te F;tzs=5mm<-.r>s was always
very quick in his foot movements. When
Ruhlin's nosf began to bleed from a left
punch the Fisht of the blood seemed to
hav«» a deterrent effect on him and Fitz-
Eimrrioiis wan quirk to see this. On the
first s!*-'r.s of weakness on Ruhlin's part
Fitzsirrmons began his attack on the
body ar.d each blow which he landed there
made Gus wince with pain. FUzsimmons*
handlers kept urgir.p nim to play for the
solar plexus, but Fitzsimmor.s only tried
it occasionally. Evidently he was await
ing an opportunity for a right swing to
the mark. In the fourth and fifth rounds
both men shoved plainly the effects of
the stiff and rapid work they had done in
the preceding iounds.
Both were tired and leg-weary . but Ruh
lin showed uo much the worse of the two.
Fitzfimmons was always the quicker on
his feet at the call of time, but now and
th**R during the rounds he seemed to
f tend Ftill and glare at his opponent. Ruh
lin at thes=e times also stood still, bein^
evidently grateful for the chance of
breathing which Fitzsimmons afforded
him. Just once Fitzsimmons touched the
floor, when he flipped down from a clinch
at the end of a round. In the sixth round
rtuhiin was flow in coming to time, while
Fitzsimmons Jumped at his man. Fitz-
Flmmons got around Ruhlin, and while
the latter sent straight lefts for Fitzsim
mons' head Bob sidestepped safely and
landed lefts on the body and a right to the
head With a volley of lefts and rights
to the head and neck and with a fearful
left on the solar plexus Fitzsimmons sent
Ruhlin in a heap to the floor.
Ruhlin Goes Out.
Not a "Eas Bsen."
This was the beginning of the end that
soon followed. Ruhlin. after taking nlno
seconds o; the count, arose to his feet
croppy from the effects of the blow. 1 Itz
fimmons knew he had his man. and was
r^ady for him. As soon as Ruhlin pot up
Fitzsimmons rushed, sending two lefts to
the face and then shot his right with fear
ful force to the point of RuhMn 8 Jaw.
Gus pitched forward as If struck with an
ex and fell on his face to the floor, where
he was counted out and had to be carried
tr. his corner. , ; ... .
Wild scenes were then enacted in and
cbout the ring. It seemed as if every one
ir. the building wanted to greet the w-n
t.cr or sympathise with the loser, and tne
police had a busy quarter of an hour In
retting the people out of the bul.dlng
ritztlinmoha left the building live min
ctos after he had struck the winring
blow, but it took Ruhlin twelve minute-?
to como around fo he could walk to ni»
t2r«Fing-room. Fitzplrnmons wax a little
t'.t dczed when he reached his dressing
room on the Fourth-avenue side of :h«!
pprdcn. and .-irked some of thosre gathered
about him if it was not the fifteenth round
in which the fight was finished. He soon
rt-onvrred hi? reason and then indulged in
a hearty laugh.
"Wen." he said. "I'm an old fellow and
a 'has been.' ch? Well, I grUcss I was
good enough for Mr. RuMin,.and he was
not bo bad, either. That was as tough
a battle as 1 ever went through, but I
am still good for a few more. Ruhlin Is
a good one. and with a little more expe
rience he will about do. He hit roe som«
corking wallops, and although I did not
realize it at the time. I can tell you he
can punch a bit. I was very tired, but the
further the bout wont the more positive
I felt that I could finish him: Toward
the close Ruhlin grew very weak.- and 1
kecw I had only to steady, myself a little
Battle an Unusually Fierce One
From the Start and Both Men
Were Leg- Weary .Before the
Close of the Third Round.
FITZ SAYS RUHLIN
FOUGHT A FINE BATTLE
» ¦
NETO7 YORK, Aug. 10.— Ruhlin fought a great battle and only
stopped when he was knocked senseless. He gave me the hard
est battle of my career and I give him all the credit in the -world for
tha showing he made. I think he must have realized that he
•sras a beaten man after he received a terrific body punch in the sec
ond round, but he continued fighting until he was absolutely help
less. His display of pluck astonished me. His ability to slug and
keep up a fast pace "was also a revelation. He is a far better fighter
than I gave Mm credit for.
I am open to fight any man in the world. My next match will
be •with Tom Sharkey at the Garden on August 27. After that con
test I will be prepared to make a match with Jeffries for the heavy
weight championship of the world. ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
in order to get him. He gave m e a good
fight, and I can give him nothing but
praise."
Bob's seconds wished him to take a
bath right away, but he refused, saying
his wife was waiting for him and he must
go home. And as soon as he got his
clothes on he left the building, followed
by an admiring and cheering crowd.
Ruhlin Recovers Slowly.
Ruhlin, when he reached his dressing
room, was in a sort of trance, anu it ¦was
a long time before he fully understood
that he had been defeated. He was badly
bruised about the head, and both eyea
were almost closed. He did not care to
talk, but managed to say:
"I did the best I could and no man
can do more. Fitzsimmons whipped me,
and that's all I can say about it."
Billy Madden. Ruhlln's manager, de
clared that Gus' defeat was due to over
training.
James J. Corbett, who acted as one
of Ruhlin's seconds, also declared that
Ruhlin was overtrained. "I know this,"
he- said, "for he was with me during my
preparations for my bout with Jeffries.
After that Gus continued training for his
battle with Sharkey, and worked even
harder after that for his bout with Fitz
simmons. I warned him that he was do-
Ing too much, but he imagined he could
stand it. Anybody could see to-night that
something was wrong with him. as he
6ent the right to the jaw repeatedly, but
the necessary strength was not behind the
blows."
Charlie White, who refereed to-night's
bout, said:
"It was a hard and fierce fight. In which
both men fought fairly. Fitzsimmons
clearly demonstrated that he Is not n 'has
been.' and still has the punch that wins.
Ruhlin at times looked as if he might
win, but he lacks experience, which will
be remedied In time, and I have no doubt
that he will be heard from to much bet
ter advantage later on."
BRIEF SUMMARY OF
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— Following is a
description of the fight by rounds:
ROUND ONE,
They met in the center of the ring; both
feinting. Fitzsimmons landed a llghi
right on the ear and Ruhlin countered
with a light left on the cheek. Ruhlin
bored in. putting his left across the chest,
sending Bob back to the ropes. Fitzsim
mons broke ground and came to the cen
ter quickly. He fell short with left and
right to body. Fitzsimmons then hookea
left to chin, and Gus came back with left
and right to the chin. Fitzsimmons
missed left and right swings to the head.
Fitz bored in, but in a mix-up Gus beat
him off to the ropes with left and right
to the face. Ruhlin went at Bob with
both hands to the head, cutting Fltz's left
eye and Bob slipped to the floor. As he
got up Ruhlin, who did not hear the bell,
swung on Fitz's face. Bob's seconds
claimed a foul, but it was not allowed.
ROUND TWO.
Gus was the aggressor. Bob ducked a
left swing, and they exchanged rights and
lefts on the face and a rattling exchange
followed. Fitz hooked his left to the
nose, bringing blood, and another rapid
mix-up followed. Bob bored in, but Gus
met him with left ana right to the face,
both fighting wildly. Fitz sent a hard
left to the body and followed with right
and left to the body, which made Ruhlin
wobble and he cinched. Ruhlin sent a
left to the face and repeated the blow.
Fitzsimmons shot his left to the ear and
brought his right up to the body. A left
Jolt put Gus off his feet. Ruhlin went
down again and took the count. Neitner
of the men heard the bell, and each was
so rattled that he did not know his cor
ner. . ¦
BOUND THREE.
ROUND FOUR.
Gus came out very slowly, but sailed in,
and they exchanged lefts on the body.
Fitzsimmons missed a left swing to th»
head, but followed with a right on the
Jaw. Fitz hooked a left to the head. They
exchanged lefts to the face. Gus kept
jabbing until Fitzsimmons suddenly side
stepped and swung his right to the head.
Both men were wild, missing several
swings. Fitz was the steadier and drove
a hard right to the body, but Ruhlin coun
?m wlth a left to the face - B o*h stood
still glaring at each other. Fitzsimmons
«^Ji a " ard le " to the wind. Gus clinched
hPrtrtint » n> .w but broke at the referee's
limm™ * » th ,* , Cl0Se Of the rOUnd Fltz "
n m 5? „ 1 !. eft and rl sht to the face.
Both were tired when they went to their
treshlr! l Flt2simi "ons seemed th»
Fitzslrr.mcr.s was first up, but Ruhlin
met him with a right on the body and
Fitz swung left and right to the head
£?,t l%2, C 1 m , e to a cUnch on th * ropes.
GuL cUnched \U he h^ ad - b P Ml short.
££33^338^ t b h r e° k h e ear^
face and then sent a left and i ri»h\ ir. ?£ ?
shook Fitz to his w . CHncfaes were fre
quent and both men were very tired"
Work on both sides was wild. Fitz went
back with left to the solar plexus and
forced Gus to the floor, where he took
the count. Gus came up verv groejrv
but knew enough to hold out. Fltz mlSseri
a swing for the hoad, Ruhlin duckin"
underneath at the clang of the bel"
ROUND FIVE.
Fitzsimmons came up the fresher Gus
tried a left swing but Fitz dodired ' Fltz
Simmons sent a left swing to the faro
and they clinched again. Fitzslmmons
landed a stiff left over the heart F?tz
simmons kept borinn in. He whipped his
left to the stomach and right to the law
They exchanged lefts and rights on the
body. Both countered with left on the
body and clinched. Gus Jabbed left to the
face and Fitzsimmons sent left to face
Fitzsimmons then put a hard left on the
body and threw his right over. Fitz sent
left and right to the head and sent Gus
reeling around ¦ the ring. Both men were
bleeding from the mouth and nose. The
round ended with < Fitzsimmons smashing
Gus on the face with both hands, the
Youth and Strength Fail
to Triumph Over Su
perior Generalship
and Agility.
-jy -r BW YORK. Aug. 10.— Kid McCoy
|\ I said to-night: "I thought sure
I \i Ruhlln would win until I saw him
I V in the ring to-night. The first
• round showed both men to lack
steam. They were loggy in their
movements. Ruhlln seamed to have the
best of it in the first round and covered
Bob's face ¦with
¦- blood. The crowd
FIGHT WAS BRUTAL,
SAYS KID McCOY
Lacking In Neat Ring Science
But Abounding In Savage
Blows.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RUHLIN SAYS FITZ
IS A GREAT FIGHTER
'
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Fitzsimmons is a gTeat old fellow. He
made the fight of his life to-night and is entitled to all possi
ble credit for his victory. ' I had him guessing for awhile, and up to
the time of the knockout I think it was anybody's fight. How
ever, Fitzsimmons beat me and he did so on his merits. He's a long
way from being a "has been." Fitzsimmons can hit as hard as he
ever could, and he is every bit as clever. He gave me some pretty
hard knocks and I gave him qnite a few, but he landed the best blow
and got the money. He fought a hundred per cent better battle with
me than he did with. Jeffries. GUS RUHXIN.
wo*. Ida Ledford second. Hottentot third.
Four and a half furlongs — Dorothy won, Gen
nosee second. La Desirous third. Time, :56**.
DETROIT, Aug. 10.— Weather fine; track fast.
Results:
Six furlongs— Miss Al Farrow won. Salvado
second, Ray Salazar third. Time, 1:143;.
Five and a half furlongs— Slrceater won. Vir
ginia T second. Prince of Song third. Time,
1:09>m.
One mile — Sir won, Fessy F second.
Highland Prince third. Time. 1:42>«.
Six furlongs— Intent won. Momemtura second,
Clipsetta third. Time. l:14Vs-
Six and a half furlongs — Foneda won. Ter
minus second. Our Lizzie third. Time. I.H.
Fix furloriKs— Saucebcat wen. Guncotton sec
ond. Zazcr.e third. Time. 1 :lCla-
DETROIT, Aug. 19.— Results at Windsor:
One mile — The Dauphin won. Doc Ferlsh
second, Easter Lily third. Time. 1:434.
Five and a half furlonsrs— Golden Harvest
wen. Dattus second. May Cherry third. Time,
l:0SH-
Mile and an eighth — Possum won, Eequeath
second. Slayer third. Time. VM.
Six furlongs— Expelled won, Juanetta second,
Northumberland third. Time. 1:20%.
Mil? and an eighth — Outburst won, Joe Gam
ma;; secor.d. Elismore third. Time. l:. r .i'~.
Six furlongs— Flop won, Ed Roth second. Earl
Fonsa third. Time. 1:15.
BACING AT RED BLUFF.
Good Crowd in Attendance, but the
Harness Events "Were Weak.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 10. — A good crowd
attended the races here to-day and the
betting ring was thronged. The harness
racing part of tha programme was weak,
however. The trotting 2:20 was won by
Juan Chico, favorite, 10 to 6, with Puerto
Rico second.
The next race was a special trot, which
way won by the favorite, Stella Marvin,
a Red Bluff horse owned by D. S. Cone.
Summaries:
Trotting. 2:20 class, purse 1250, mil* heats.
t»-st three In five — Juan Chico won, Puerto R!co
second, Charley Mac third. Time, 2:27, 2:23%,
2:23Vi- Belle Patchen and Dolcdor also ran.
Special trot, purse 1200 — Stella Marvin won.
Maggie McKinney second. Prince third. Time.
2:27ft, 2:24, 2:30. Bay Wilkes and Lawn Dell
were distanced in the first heat.
Running, five and a half Jurlones, purse $100
— Sudden won, Clarando second. Miss Dividend
third. Time. V.tS\. Wing. Red Steel and Sla
ter Emma also ran.
Three-quarters of a mile, purse JlOrt— Roulette
Wheel won. Christine second. Fine Shot third.
Time. 1-.144&. Limber Jim. Skirmish and
George W also ran.
Defeated Man's Friends Say He
Overtrained, but Fought
Pluekily, and Has a Brilliant
Future Before Him. v
"Lanky Bob's" Blows
Cause the Ohioan to
Go Down and Out in
the Sixth Round.
GUS RUHLIN FALLS BEFORE FITZSIMMONS' BLOWS
• ¦ • - - -¦¦'., "*. r , ¦¦...-.¦ f .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
SURPRISE AT INGALLS PARK.
Garnetta, a Hot Favorite, Takes
Fourth Money.
JOLIET, 111., Aug. 10.— At the last day
of the Ingalls Park harness races a sur
prise was sprung in the first race, the 2:40
pace. Garnetta was a hot favorite, but
failed to take a heat and landed only
fourth money. Attora, after being almost
distanced in the first and second heats,
won in straight heats. Summaries:
2:40 class, pacing, purse $500 — Attora won the
third, fourth and fifth heats in 2:14V». 2:16%,
2:12%. Pat Wllkes won the first heat In 2:1714.
Tidal Wave, Garnetta, Abbot Hill. Tod Wil
liams, Decoration and Lady Winker also
ttarted.
2:40 class, pacing, purse $300— Jean Ingelow
won In straight heats in 2:14. 2:11%. ?:13U.
Dandy. Wettinya, Wilkes, Theresa Wllkes,
John Smith and Saul also started.
2:40 class, trotting, purse $500 — Joynaher won
the second, third and fourth heats in 2:16%.
2:20, 2:26. Juno T won the first heat In 2:17%.
Indiana and Maggie Mac also started. ¦
Keiffs Pilot Winners.
LONDON, Aug. .10.— At the first day's
racing at Lewe, a summer meeting, to
day, the Castle plate was won by Royal
Balsam, ridden by J. Relff. At the first
day's racing of the'Haydock Park mug
meeting to-day the Juvenile auction plate
was won by Bonita, L. Reiff having the
mount. The Gerard maiden two-year-old
plate was won by Richard Croker's Min
nic Bee, also ridden by L. Relff. The
Brynzing handicap was won by Fiorino.
Domineer, on which L. Reiff had the
mount, was second. .
Woods Knocks Out. Ely.
Smith Fails to Appear.
RED BLUFF. Autr. 10.— The boxing
contest between Frank Kly ;of Redding
and Billy "Woods of Sacramento, that
took j place last midnight, was won by
Woods in the second round. The men
fought. hard. Woods, who outclassed Ely.
knocked the latter out In the : second
round. Billy Wilson of Keswick and
Harry Melville of Los -Angeles fought a
preliminary • four-rounu draw. ' ¦ Sylvester
Day: of: Redding and -Mike: Donovan of
Oregon also fought a four-round draw. . •
DETROIT. Aug. 10.— "Mysterious Billy"
Smith, who was to have, gone fifteen
rounds with young Peter Jackson before
Fought a Draw.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 10. — Oscar Gardner
and Barney Furey fought a ten-round
draw before the People's Athletic Club
to-night. " -
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— In the Long
Island tennis championship tournament
the finals in the singles were won by W.
A. Lamed over Richard Stevents, 6-1, 6-3,
6-4, and John A. Allen, former champion
of Yale, defeated Samuel Hardy, of Cali
fornia in the consolation singles, 6-1, 6-1.
Hardy Defeated.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aug. 10.— Minneapolis. ' 4;
Chicago. 11.
DETKOIT. Auk. 10.— Detroit. 7: Buffalo. 3.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 10.— First game: In
dianapolis, 5; Cleveland, 6. Second game: In
dianapolis, 10; Cleveland. 4.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 10.— Milwaukee, 4; Kan
sas City, S. •
American League Games.
the Cadillac Club to-night, failed to ma
terialize, and the colored man had two
six-round bouts ¦with local boxers. Jack
son lost to Tom McCune and knocked out
Fred Thornton (colored) as the gong rang
for the end of the sixth round.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
- KEW YORK— Arrived Aue 10— Stmr Albers,
from R!o Janeiro. . -¦ • > ' . •- ¦
*¦- Arrived" Auk 10— Stnir Auguste Victoria, from
Southampton and Hamburg. ' • ¦¦ .
MISCELLANEOUS.
;The schrooner Neptune. Captain Johnson, hnc
to-day for" Houda Landing, went ashore this
evenlnsr about two miles below the South Side
LlfesavInK Station. .The captain and crew were
taken; off 'by the Ilfesavtng- crew, and landed on
the. beach. The tug Alert has gone, to the
¦wreck. . . . -'.-' ' '.¦'¦'.-.:¦ <¦¦'•'
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ Marfe-to-Order i
I Suits. i
Ij Getting a suit made at Joe e
0 Poheim's will convince you c.
H that you can be well dressed ¦¦
S without paying a large por- M
E tion of your income for your a
a clothes. . * S
p My suits are made of the w
§ best material money can buy. [^
The fact that I import all H
U goods in large quantities en- 0
m ables me to make suits for 25 h
B per cent less than other
w tailors. £1
rj I call special attention to |j
M the suits I make for S-'O.oo. D
H They are superb— perfect in Q
I cvcry detail y
1 1110*1112 g°5 T 2M^03g^J
X-RAY EXAMINATIONS.
'¦ In order to *lve every-
fUU&l&iesgZ} opportunity to have their
jt r»^•'.•"^irrir iTji rave dlaEnosed by the
jM(M*i*lr!*ritii X-RAY, we will tor th«
iw vr^nS^^f%}^.i ensuing week make exam-
-v9'*~S5ri£ir?5 ) f ination for half our usual
I 5v5f S?|^l rate— or !?-."<».
I "!^ly>«i^i L Cy tke X-ftAY we locate
§. 2-Ii«£53a* "7 tne trouble through any
CTGWWji**; portion of the body, sec-
ttj\iVi\v\**Gr\ ing the same and making
*-"Tr "¦* J\~, photographs at the pa-
..in " tlent's request.
* Diseases of MEN
WOMEN and CHILDREN. CANCER and
CONSUMPTION, diseases* of the ULOOO. KID-
NEY. SKIN. HEART. LIVER an.1 EONES.
RHEUMATISM. PARALYSIS. PILE3. etc.
The X-RAY cures when everything <:Ue fall*.
Professional advice free.
THE f.EKMAN PHYSICIANS (late from Eu-
rope). 1015 Market Street. San Francisco.
Hours— 9 to 5 "p. m. Evenings, 7 to 9 p. m.
Sundays. 11 a, m. to 1 s. a.Labors of the Committee in
Behalf of the Parlor
Give Promise of Being
Crowned With Success-
Roual Entertainment Is to
Be Provided for Their
Friends and Guests at
Their Headauarters.
Sacramento's Native Sons
Making. Most Elaborate
Preparations for Tak
ing Part in Great Fete,
COMING TO THE BIG CELEBRATION
IN FULL FORCE AND PRETTY UNIFORM
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 10.— The Native
Sons of Sacramento will take a
prominent part In the approaching
celebration at San Francisco of the
fiftieth anniversary of the admission
of California into the sisterhood of States.
Sunset Parlor No. 26 of this city for more
than a year past has been engaged In
making its plans for the coming celebra
tion and has, now ail details arranged. Its
committee ,of arrangements consists of
seventeen members, as follows;
William H. Devlin (chairman),' George
C. Sherman, Frank H. Conn, L. W. Rip
ley, A. C. Kaufman. J. J. Monteverde, J.
W. Qtt, James S. Remick, Morris Brooke,
John Straub, Frank A. Lafferty, Albert
Elkus, Scott Ingram, C. M. Goethe, W. H.
Harrison Jr., A. Schaden and Dr. W. J.
Taylor.
This committee by means of sub-com
mittees has been hard at work for many
months, and as a result of Its efforts it is
assured that the reputation of the parlor
for the prominent part it has taken in all
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY. Augr. 10.— Judge Kllon
this morning transferred the case of the
Pennsylvania Consolidated Mining Com
pany vs. The Grass Valley Exploration
Company from the Superior Court of this
county to the United States Circuit Court
at San Francisco. The suit is to recover
$600,000 damages for the alleged Illegal ex
traction of ore from ground claimed by
plaintiff. Another suit is pending in the
Circuit Court, brought by the Grass Val
ley Exploration Company against the
Pennsylvania Company for S10O.QOQ.
Goes to Federal Court.
Grass Valley's $600,000 Mining Suit
TRANSFER OF A BIG CASE.
George Newcomb, French Camp, $6;
AVilllam B. Curtis. Veterans' Home,
Napa. $6; Daniel Dawley, Douglas Flat,
$S; Charles T. Korn, West Berkeley, Jfi.
Increase — John M. Gregory, Los Angeles,
$14: John W\ Badger. Stewart, $14. Origi
nal widows— Johanna Costello, Vallejo, S3.
Oregon— Additional— William H. Lewis,
Amity. $12. Increase— Anderson C. Smith,
Enterprise, 510.
Washington — Increase — Daniel Gallop,
Anacortes, J25. Original widows— Mary E.
Loughman, Fremont. J8.
MEMBERS OF THE COMMIT
TEE OF ARRANGEMENTS
OF SUNSET PARLOR. .
celebrations of Admission day will be sus
tained.
The parlor has selected as Its headquar
ters in San Francisco the banquet hall of
. Tho parlor expects to parade with fully
125 members. J The uniform of the mem
bers will be entirely white, including
shoes and hat. Sunset Parlor's magnifi
cent banner, presented In 1SS4 by a num
ber of young women friends, will be
mounted on a bicycle carriage which Is
now being built. The parlor haa selected
Frank A. Lafferty as aid to tha grand
marshal.
On the eveninsr ot September 10 the par
lor will give a ball, admission to which
will be by invitation only, but at Its after
noon reception there will be no formal In
vitation, as the rule will be "open house"
to all. '}
tho Lick House, which Is paneled with
paintings by Hill. Denny and Marple illus
trative of California scenes. In this spa
clous hall Sunset Parlor Intends to wel
come all who visit it. Invitations have
been Issued to every parlor of the Native
Gona and Daughters to its reception on
the afternoon of Monday. September 10.
at which time the members of Sunset Par
lor will be assisted by the members of
Callfia Parlor No. 22 and La Bandera Par
lor No. 110 of Native Daughters of Sacra
mento.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 10.— Scott Mc-
Keown is out of the woods and he is as
happy as a' small boy with his first ! pair
of pantaloons. Financial. affairs. are now
in such shape that he knows just where
ho Is at and a' big load has, he declares,
been 'lifted from his ,, mind. " Documents
placing McKeown's property in the hands
of assignees for the protection of. the credi
tors are now being signed. McKeown is
not poor by any means. lie will certainly
have nearly $50,000, more or less.. when all
his debts have been paid. AVith this sum
he ¦ Intends to go into business ¦ under the
guidance of his former i guardian and re
latives back in Pennsylvania.
McKeown Will Be Able to Settle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO BOYS^AND A GUN.
Wnile Handling a Rifle an Eight
"ifear-Old Lad Shoots Sis Comrade.
FRESNO. Aug. lO.-Steve Shipe, aged
12 years, was shot In the abdomen yes
terday with a piece of peach pit fired
from a 22-callber rifle in the hands of M.'
F. Lee, aged 8 years. The affair took place
on a ranch near Reedley and Shlpe died
in fifty minutes. Shlpe was showing off
the new rifle and had. boy-like, asked the
younger to load the rifle with a peach pit
and shoot it Into his (Shipe's) mouth.
Lee declined, but while handling the rifle
it was accidentally discharged, so the
Jury found.
MURDERER ZIEGLER'S REQUEST.
Expresses a Desire to Gaze Upon the
Face of His Dead Wife.
Srecial Dispatch to The Call,
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. lO.-The body of
Mrs. Caroline Zie;;ler, who was murdered
by her husband, was shipped this after
noon to Scbastopol where the fu
neral Is to take place. Zlegler made a re
quest this morning that he be allowed to
go to the undertaking parlors and view
the remains of his victim. The body was
already hermetically sealed in a casket,
so the request could not be granted.
Iowa May Go to Monterey.
MONTEREY, Aug. 10.— News has been
received here that the United States bat
tleship Iowa will arrive In this port on
Sunday next to remain until September
1. It Is understood she comes here ¦ for
target practice and shore drill for the
marines.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10.— Santa Bar
bara Is to entertain the Sixth District Re
publican Congressional Convention, which
has been called to meet in that city on
August 22. The details for the meeting
were arranged late yesterday afternoon In
the office of Chairman William M. Garland
of the Congressional committee. The dele
gates from . Los Angeles jwlll be the same
as those to be selected at the primaries
to be, held August 18. •
To Convene at Santa Barbara.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 10.— Los Angeles
will be well represented during the Native
Sons* carnival Admission day, in San
Francisco. The local parlors leave here
on a special train September 7 at 8 o'clock
In the evening. The train will be niade up
of Pullmans, making the "owl" schedule.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELENOS COMING.
STOCKTON, Aug. 10.— The case of Mrs.
Henry Voorman, the widow of the mil
lionaire who died a few days ago, leav
ing her unmentloned in his will, is a very
sad one. Further Information conveys
the fact that Mrs. Voorman haa a fortune
in her own name and was in no need of
any legacy. .' That provision had been
made for her years ago. To-day there
are said to be bank notes scattered about
her apartments In the Stockton State
Hospital that were sent her by her hus
band and that have never been cashed.
Fifteen" years ago Henry Voorman did all
that love and money could do to bring
back, if possible, the failing reason of
his wife, and on the advice of competent
physicians Mrs. Voorman was placed in
the local Institution. Here she had been
visited often by her husband, but* after
every meeting he became prostrated with
grief and m«\(1ical advice precluded
further visits. "'.,; «
Sad Case of Mrs. Voorman.
Spocial Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA, B.-C. Aug. 10.-H. L. Gllchln.
in charge of the supplies of the Public Works
Department In the Yukon, iln an Interview sain
that tho telegraph . system between Atlln and
the outsldo world would be completed and in
operation by October 1; and that by the same
time the line which the Dominion Government
Is to extend from Dawson to Kort . Cudahy on
the International boundary between Yukon ter
ritory and Alnska on the Yukon would be
ready for use. , '' '
JACKSON, Aug. 30.— S. A." Marchant was to
day held for trial before the Superior Court
in $2000 bail on a charge of grand larceny, in
having taken from the pocktt of .Nick Garuella
$145 while the latter was.asleep at. the bunk
house of the Kennedy mine. Marchant was
arroHted and the money found on him. The
accused says his parents reside. in San Fran
cisco. . J
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 10.— The steamer
Cutch from Skaeuay brought news of the dis
covery of extensive coal beds near the Dalton
trail and not far from "White Horse. The dis
covery was made by Gustave Gervals, who has
been interested in coal mining at Let Bridge.
Gorvais brought in with him a small sack of
promising samples.
U1GGS. Aug. 10.— The fruit sheds, sulphur
houses and storeroom at the W. Treat & Son
orohar.l, east of thl3 place, were destroyed by
nre this mornlns, together with the fruit that
has been dried this season. There was ; $3000
insurance on the property. \, '
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 10.— George Dlxon and
Mra. Aaron A. Krost were arrested here to-day
on a charge of forging a deed to two lots ,in
this city. The property belonged to the estate
of Henry Wilson, now deceased. After forging
the deed they had it placed on record and then
sold the property to J. M. Hodson of this city
for ?2123.
SPOKANE, Wash., Auk. 10.— President Hill
ot the Great Northern stated here that he be
lieved business would soon Justify a double
daily train service between Spokane and the
coast.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 10.— The temperance peo
ple of Boulder Creek have organized an anti
saloon leasrue. The Rev. E. H. Hayden ad
dressed an anti-saloon meeting there last night.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 30.— Otto Lablsh. who
shot anil wounded Professor Whltfleid at Wat-
Bonvllle recently, was sentenced to-day to three
months in the County Jail.
ETNA, Cal.. Aug. 10.— Quong Lee. a China
man, has sold his mining interests at Calla
hans to a Pittsburgh, Pa., company for 516,200
cash.
FRESNO, Auk. 10.— The raisin growers* direc
tors have called a general meeting of raisin
men for Auirust 21. \
JACKSON, Aug. 10.— Dr. B. H. Schacht to
day stepper! oft a porch and broke both bones
of his right leg.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 10.— The steam
ers Tees and Cottage City arrived to-day
from Lynn Canal. The former had $250,
000 gold.
liament Is concerned at the coming elec
tion, so the Government has announced,
alter careful consideration, its decision to
substitute a 3 per cent export duty for
the rovalty.
Instructions have also been issued to
Chief Government Engineer Joseph Tache
to !?i<ond $100,000 this fall on the construc
tion of roads from Dawpon to the various
creaks. This, of course, is splendid for
the country and a brilliant plan to get
support for the administration.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— Late advices from
the north state that a single shipment of
Jl, 000,009 in treasure will soon be made
from Dawson to this city. The gold will
arrive here in about ten days. The treasure
is consigned to the local assay office from
the Canadian Bank of Commerce of Daw
fon. which corporation purchased it from
miners in small lots. Another $1,000,000 In
treasure left Dawson July 20 on a down
river steamer and should arrive here on
one of the next boats from St. Michael.
This Concession, However, Will Result in the Yel
low Metal All Being Handled by the
Canadian Banks,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VAKCOUVEB. B. C. Aug. 10.— Official
announcement was raade at Ottawa to
day that the Yukon royalty had been re
troved. Heretofore the Government has
collected 10 per cent on all gold mined in
the Klondike, but this Is to bo at once
replaced by a compulsory assay office
system. This concession, while It will be
of great benefit apparently to the miners
of the Yukon, will work directly against
American interests, and instead of gold
being sent to San Francisco and Seattle
It will be handled entirely In Domin
ion by Canii/Uan banks. This^rnnounce
ment is made on the eve of a general
Dominion election, which will take place
within three months.
Two weeks ago Dr. WIls. Joseph Bar
rett and other wealthy men of Dawson
visited Ottawa and impressed upon the
Government that the continuance of the
obnoxious royalty would mean tlte defeat
of the Government so far as the Klondike
with its two proposed Members of Par-
DOMINION GOVERNMENT REMOVES
ROYALTY ON KLONDIKE GOLD
.WASHINGTON, Aug. .10.— Pensions
were ; granted • to-day as ' follows : Califor
nia—Original—James'Costello/-Vallejo, $3;
PACIFIC COAST PENSIONS.
Afro- Americans Take Exceptions to
, Reflections on the Race.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— The State Afro-
American League completed Its labors
this afternoon. Los Angeles was chosen
as the next place of meeting.
The' committee appointed to draft reso
lutions censuring Principal M. B. Daily
for making, the statement that "the
Southern negro was on a plane intellectu
ally with a baboon," reported the follow
ing resolution, which ; was adopted:
Resolved, That it be the sense of this league
that we offer our unqualified dlsaproval of the
eentlments attributed to M. E. Daily, principal
of the State Normal School, in referring to our
people of. the South as baboons.
The lynching of negroes in the South
was denounced; election of United States
Senators by popular vote was favored,
and a resolution Indorsing J. L. Maude for
his efforts inrupport of the survey and
construction of State roads was also
*^A petition was adopted that asks Gov
ernor Gage to appoint G. Woodson Wlck
liffe of Los Angeles, a colored lawyer, to
a position under : his administration.
The following officers for the ensuing
year were elected:
President, J.Ij." Derrick: first vice president,
G -W. - Warner; . second . vice president, J. K.
Burrows; third vice president, I. Bcal : treas
urer,', Charles Prince; secretary, J. F. Sum
mers: State lecturer. George Ingraham; chap
lain J. L.. Dousrlaes: directors — Carle Arthur.
Jacob Overton." A. P. Lee, J." H. Barrett, A. II.
i Churchill. :^HBMBB^B^raRSe9BM8BHll
Uneasiness at Covelo Because There
Is No Message From Them and
Search Parties May Be
Organized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aug. 10. — Three of the mem-'
bers of Sheriff Taylor's tracking party ar
rived from the rock fastnesses of Yolo
Bolle mountains this afternoon, having
been outwitted by Murderer King's ma
neuvers, and decided to abandon the
chase They attempted to find and confer
with Sheriff Taylor leaving, but
could not locate his trail, but the last seen
of him was Wednesday, when he was iol
loivlng the tracks of the fugitive.
A great deal of uneasiness is manifest
here to-night among the returning trail
ers about the safety of Sheriff Taylor and
four men that are now known to be with
him besides a Mr. Armstrong, a son
in-law of Church, the murdered man. It
is understood here that two of the lead
ers of the different posses who have re
turn6d expected telegraphic instructions
from Taylor not later than Thursday.
Taylor expected to touch at either Pas
kenta. Red BlufT. Harrison Gulch or Red
ding. Nothing, however, up to this hour
has been heard. It Is not improbable, they
argue, that a desperate light may have
taken place, in which instance King and
his half-breed Indian pilot would certain
ly have the advantage by prepared am
bush. Should ro word be received from
Sheriff Taylor very soon a number of .vol
unteers contemplate organizing a search
ing party to go over the route recently
traversed by all the posses and make a
careful search for any trace of the mlss
lns posse. The country that Taylor and
his party were tracking King through is
a densely timbered and wild one and ex
perienced- mountaineers, have frequently
lost their bearings.
— : « ? • ; , ¦
CENSURE PRINCIPAL DAJXY.
SHERIFF TAYLOR'S
POSSEJIAY BE LOST
Outcome of the Oakland Man's Un
pleasant Experience With a Con
stable and Wealthy Resi
dent of Mill Valley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 10.— Nathaniel
Black of Oakland, also well known in
San Francisco, tells of an exciting and
unpleasant experience he had at Mill
Valley last night with Constable Richard
McDonald and R. P. Murphy, a -wealthy
resident of the valley. To the indignity
of threats against his person was added
an enforced walk for safety to Sausalito
where he sought shelter with Constable
Creed of that place. That is Mr. Black's
version of the incident, and he has
authorized an attorney to bring a dam
age suit against the constable and the
citizen.
Mr. Black has been spending the sum
mer at the home of Robert Staley of San
Francisco, who has a residence at Mill
Valley. Yesterday afternoon, according
to the story told by Mr. Black, he left
Mr. Staley's house and sauntered up on
the hill where he sat down and rested.
He had been seated but a few minutes
when a little boy and girl came along and
Mr. Black engaged them in conversa
tion. They had been piaying and talking
but a few minutes when Miss Irene
Murphy appeared at the door of a house
a hundred yards away and sharply called
the children away.
Mr. Black dismissed the matter from
his mind and proceeded to finish his walk.
He afterward returned to his house,
and in the evening, while walking down
by the railroad track near the station.
Constable Richard McDonald arrested
him upon two charges— one for attempt
ing to kidnap two children and the other
for using insulting language to Miss
Murphy. Mr. Black, who says he was
dumfounded at the actions of the con
stable, was also roundly abused by R.
P. Murphy, the father of the girl, who
ordered him to leave town.
An apology to Irene Murphy was first
demanded, however. Black says he
thought that he saw a way to prove that
he had never spoken to the girl, and eo
consented. When brought lntoiher pre
sence he says he asked her if he had
ever spoken to her, and she promptly
answered "No." He thought this was
sufficient and fully expected to be re
leased from his unpleasant position. After
leaving the Murphy home, where he had
met the girl, he was warned by the.
father and the constable to leave town or
suffer the consequences.
When seen to-day he said that believ
ing that he was in peril he im
mediately started to walk to Sausa
lito, a distance of six miles. He stopped
there last night and came to this city on
the first train this morning, where he en
listed the services of Attorney J. \V.
Cochrane, who to-morrow will file a
$10,000 damage suit against Constable
McDonald and R. P. Murphy. McDonald
is well known in this county.
Mr. Black, who is well known in San
Francisco and Oakland, is connected with
the Pullman Crjr Company and the
Remington Typewriter Company. Mr
Staley, at whoso home Mr. Black wan
staying, is the secretary of the Home Oil
Company and also well known In San
Francisco.
BLACK WILL BRING
SUIT FOR $10,000
Mrs. Lucia Steiger.
SONOMA, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Lucia Stelger,
wife of Edward Stelger of Agua Callente.
died this afternoon at 1:20 o'clock. Mrs.
Steiger was a pioneer mother of Sonoma
Valley and had resided on Home Farm,
where she passed away, for over thirty
years. She leaves a husband and family
of twelve children.
Thomas J. Arnold.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 10.— Thomas J. Ar
nold, former Supervisor, died at his home
near Peoria to-day, aged 69 -ears. He was
a prominent Odd Fellow.
Engine and Seven Cars on McCloud
' River Company's Road Are
Wrecked and One Man Is
Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SISSOX, Aug. 10.— To-day another dis
astrous and fatal train runaway and
wreck occurred on the McCloud River
Lumber Company's railroad.
About a mile above the lumber town of
McCloud, where the grade is very heavy,
an engine and seven cars got beyond Con
trol and ran down into thd town, where
they were all thrown into a ditch. Ail
of the train crew succeeded in saving
themselves by Jumping except a brake
man by the name of James Donahue, who
was killed. He was formerly from Sac
ramento. The engineer, who "was cut
badly about the head, is thought to be
fatally injured.
Jhe Pay's Pead
TRAIN RUNS AWAY
WITH FATAL RESULT
REDDING. Aug. 10.— J. Wess Moore/
60 years old, a veteran of the Civil War,
who killed Christian Alverson in Trinity
County two months ago in a trifling quar
rel, was convicted at Weaverville yester
day of murder in the first degree.
Convicted of Murder.
In a fow minutes Detective Auble tele
phoned that Slovinski had committed
euicide. Mrs. Slovinski gave a wild
scream ana then became completely pros
trated. Capitalist Maines. chatting with
his attorneys, seemed dazed .over tne
tiewp. but remained in the courtroom until
sifter Mrs. Plnvinsk: was taken away.
When Auble reached Slovinski's room
he found the body stretched on a small
-ot a double-barreled shotgun still
The Detective's Message.
The preliminary examination com
menced two days ago, and was to have
bft-n continued this morning at 9:30. At
that hour Mrs--. Slovirski. with her little
fun and several women acquaintances,
were in the court room, together with th«
attorneys on both sides, but Slovinski had
not put in an appearance, and after wait
ing five or ten minutes a messenger was
pent to the lodging house where Siovinski
had been rooming, to toll him that he was
delaying the case and to come at once.
The messenger had hardly departed when
Justice Austin ie^uf-d nn attachment for
Slovinski. which was given to Detective
Auble to serve, and he at once started
out.
About 10 o'clock the meseenger who was
first sent out returned and hurriedly
fpr.ke a few words to the lawyer for the
defense-, saying that just as he reached
the house he had heard a shot fired, and
had at once returned.
Slovinski had accused Midnes at an
interview with being on too friendly terms
with his wil>. and alleged that the latter
had confessed her tranFfrreF.sione, ami
then, drawing a pistol, threatened to kill
Maines unless he signed the notes. Maines
did fo and then ha'd recourse to law.
Obtaining the Notes.
Plovinski and his wii> were arrested
pome lime ago. accused of having forced
Capitalist A. R. Maines, at- the point of
a pistol, to sign two notes, one for $5000
and another for Jli.OO).
This was the sensational manner in
whicii a 5cnsatior.nl case has come to an
end. It i« believed that lie killed himself
in a fit of despair when he saw there was
no escape, from the toils of the law, which
were cloying about him. but he left no
note riving his reasons for the rash act.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. lO.-John M.
Slovinski, accused of blackmail
ing and extortion, this morning
ended the judicial proceedings
agair.«t him by blowing out his
brains at the house where he was living
¦wiih his wife and child.
Special rxeratch to The Call.
Mrs. Slovinskl had been jointly accused
i with her husband in the blackmailing
j ca=e, but it will probably be dismissed
1 now.
It Is r-Tharw the best thing that could have
happened. I have been In fear of my life every
day f'.noe that man has been out on ball, and
h.ive taken the precaution to be guarded, as I
! rrg&rdvd him as= a "anserous man — desperate.
! In fact— who would not stop at anything. I
! cannot Fay what further steps will be taken In
1 the care. That Is a matter that must be de-
I termmed by the District Attorney. I cannot
i understand "why this man should have acted as
i he did I repeat again, as I have insisted
j from the first, that there was never anything
wr<Tsr in the relations between Mrs. Slovinski
' find myself. I never saw the woman alone.
i hh» always acted as a lady. I never eaw the
I FligKtest 'impropriety in her conduct, and I
always treated her accordingly. Beyond this
! I have nothing- to say at this time.
Fires When the Messenger Comes.
When he saw the attorney's messenger,
whom he apparently knew by sight, rap
idly approaching he laid down on the cot,
adjusted his gun. carefully aimed by a
little mirror he held in his hand, and as
he heard the man coming up the steps he
pressed the trigger with his foot.
Following is the only note left by Slo
vinski, so far as known:
LOP ANGELES. Aug. 10.— My wish Is that
the landlarfv be said for any bedding or furni
ture damaged. J. M. SLOVINSKI.
Mrs. Slovinski Is completely prostrated
over the tragedy.
A. R. Maine*, the complaining witness
in the case, says he feels easier. In an
interview with The Call's correspondent
he said:
clutched In the dead man's hands. One
barrel had been discharged. Slovlnski
bad placed the muzzle of the gun in his
!!iouth and discharged the weapon bv
pressing with one foot a short stick which
had been tied across the trigger with a
piece of fishing line. The full charge en
tered his head, which was literally re
duced to pulp by the force of the concus
sion. Death had been instantaneous,
there having apparently only been one
convulsive movement withdrawing the
muzzle of the gun from his mouth.
Everything pointed to suicide planned
and rarri<v1 out with the greatest delib
eration. Slovinski had first removed his
coat, phops, collar and necktie.
Having completed all preparations, it is
evident that SlovineKi seated himself at
'the double windows on the south side of
the room, from which he could command
a view of the street from Fifth street, and
awaited the coming of the messenger who
he anticipated would be for him
when he failed to appear in court at the
proper time.
JOHN' M. SLOVINSKI. -WHO PREFERRED DEATH TO DISGRACE.
"I think you were right in what you
said about Andree. A short time ago
some Indians arrived here from the Mac
kenzie and I learned from them that a
balloon was seen to land near the mouth
of that river during the, winter before last.
Some men landed from it and made a
camp. They remained a short time and
then got into the car. They then threw
something out. the natives said, on the
Ice and the balloon went up into the air.
It was soon out of sight. The natives
were afraid and did not visit. the camp.
The natives who came here (Fort Yukon)
did not- see the balloon themselves, but
were. toM of its coming by people living
to the northward of them. I could not
find out anything about the men at all."
.Mr. Harrison, who is bound to Dawson,
says in his letter that he will make every
endeavor to ascertain the truth of tha
Btory of the Indians, and If possible learn
more. It is considered not at all improb
able that the Indians may have given out
this report in the hope of getting a re
ward, for some months ago. notices were
sent to the northern trading posts and
freely circulated in the Northwest, from
Lynn" Canal 'to the Arctic, in which a re
ward was offered by the Norwegian Gov
ernment for any information of the lost
exploring party. In these notices, which
no doubt reached the northern settle
ments months ago, the balloon is de
scribed and pictured, and the offer of
money for information made so that the
Indians may be spreading the story of the
balloon having been seen to get. the prof
fered reward.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 10.— The steamer
Tees, which .arrived this morning, brought
a belated report of the sighting of a
balloon— presumably that of the missing
Andre© and his companions— near the
mouth of the Mackenzie River in the
winter of 189S. The news Is given In a
letter written by a miner at Fort Yukon
to a 'friend at Selkirk. The letter was
shown to Fred Harrison of Montreal, who
copied it and forwarded its contents to
Victoria. The letter said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Offers of Reward by the Norwegian
Government May Have Led the
Red Men to Invent the
Narrative.
AERIAL CRAFT WAS SEEN IN 1898.
Strand story Drifts From
the North Concerning
Professor Andree.
INDIAN TALE
OF A BALLOON
AT THE ARCTIC
Until to-morrow, however, he let
Frankle Himes and Elmer Martin go
home with the parents of Martin, but
committed Fred Himos to Jail.
"I want to state." said Justice* Tucker
in conclusion, "that my Jurisdiction will
not permit me to let these boys go on
ball. After the examination I will have
to commit them and let a higher court
settle the question."
The District Attorney consulted with
Mr. Harris and they agreed lo have the
preliminary examination at 11 o'clock to
morrow morning. It was so ordered by
tho court.
FRESNO, Aug. 10.— Fred and Franklc
Himes and Elmer Martin appeared before
Justice of the Peace Tucker this after
noon for arraignment on a charge of
murder. They were accompanied by a
number of relatives and the County At
torney, M. K. Harris. The courtroom
was crowded with people eEtger to get a
glimpse of the youthful criminals.
The lads stood up facing the magistrate
while he read the complaint preferred by
Deputy Sheriff John AVhlte, charging
them with murder. The little fellows did
not seem to realize the significance of the
legal phraseology describing their terrible
crime.
"This will be only an examination,
bovs," said the court fter the complaint
had been read, "but you will be entitled
to the process of the court to procure
witnesses. You are also entitled^ to an
attorney." .
At this point Judge Harris stated that
he had been retained by Mr. and Mrs.
Martin to defend their son and that :ie
would act as attorney for all the boys.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Elmsr Martin's Parents Retain Judge
/ Harris and He" Will Also Defend
the Two Self-Orphaned
Himes Boys.
THEY ARE HELD WITHOUT BAIL
Tnree Accused Lads Listen
Unmoved to the Reading"
ol the Complaint
ARRAIGNMENT
OF THE FRESNO
BOY POISONERS
Los Angeles Blackmailer Ends the Crimi
nal Proceedings Against Him bu
Blowing Out His Brains,
SLOVINSKI EVADES
THE LAW BY SUICIDE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
4
Sunset Parlor No, 26 Will
Descend Upon San Fran
cisco in All Its Pomp,
Gloru and Fine Flag.
GBAPE-ETUTS.
AT>\/ k^TTRTnVTHM'I'W.
STATEMENT
—OB" TUB—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THI>-
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IX THE STATB OT MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the Jlit day ot December.
A. D. 1S39, and tor the year endtar on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
lalcns of sections <10 and 611 ot tha Political
Code, condensed aa rer blank furnished by th«
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid nx> la.
cash (300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market rains of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company $544.(7? 73
Amount of loans secured toy pledge of
bond?, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 M
Cash In company's office 5.65* 34
Cash in banks l4.9St 4J
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans' 2,90) 41
Premiums In due course of collection.. 3X351 11
Due from other companies for rela-
. surance on losses already paid........ 6*i XI
Total assets $638,743 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 1.2SS 5*
Leases In process of adjustment or In
suspense O.WM
Gross premiums on fire risks runninc
one year or leas. $152,963 41; rein-
surance 50 per cent 78.453 71
Gross sremlums on fire risks running?
more than one year. }125.e37 91; re-
insurance pro rata 7S,TM J7
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 3.435 Jl
All other demands against the com-
pany -V. 13.708 W
Total liabilities 1131.597 M
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums j - VAL'i""I J21S.801 tl
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all .; -^
other sources M.171 17
Received from all other sources 1.090 00
Total Income $237,067 31
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for fire losses (ln-
cludlns $17,205 66. losses of previous
year»> i $132,581 41
Dividends to stockholders 1S.00O 0»
paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage 48.648 44
Paid for salaries, fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18,131 81
Paid for State, national and local
taxes : M08 73
All other payments and expenditures. »«.79O 54
Total expenditures ...$I60.53S 13
Lcszes Incurred during the year, fire.. $133,170 SO
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year V4:6,3M,S3 $279,104 04
Net amount cf risks
expired during the
year 21.684.M7 23.S33 7*
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1S99 M.T73.70* 275.503 33
FRANCIS PEABODY. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7ta
day of February. 1900.
GEORGE M. AMERIGE. Notary Public.
BACCS &&TOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNI A STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU
PASTY FOOD
Too Commonly Used.
The use of pssty cereals is not advis-
ible. A physician says: "Pasty cereals
are very indigestible and a bad thing
•or the stomach, causing a depressed
"eeling end quite a train of disorders,
particularly of the intestines and nerves.
"Cereals", such as wheat and oats, can
dc cooked long enough and well cnouch
:o fit them for hurn2n use, but the or-
dinary way of cooking leaves them in a
pasty condition."
A gentleman from Evansville. Ind..
rhose name can be secured upon appli-
cation to the Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd..
flattie Creek, Mich., says: "My physi-
iian prohibited the use of oats and
.vheat, for 1 was in a had condition phv-
sically, with pronounced dyspepsia. He
said the heavy paste was indigestible,
sut that Grape-Nuts, being a thorough -
¦y cooked food and cooked in such a
manner as to change the starch into
grape sugar, could be easily digested. I
•save become very fond indeed of Grape-
fCuts and all the uncomfortable feelings
save disappeared. I have pained nearly
welvc pounds in weight and have none
•yl the distressed full feeling after mv
Tieals that I had formerly. Grape-Nuts
Food has done the work." •
!; :-• AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
A society woman
Undergoes a greater strain than is gen-
erally realized, and every woman is a
society woman in her own circle. The
debts of society are many and must be
paid or there will come social bank-
ruptcy, and it is in the punctual payment
of social debts, re- y«»S«^
gardless of health Ck£^J«ji&5?l
or feelings, that W^jgdjjlgjljp
women otten lay }*&&!§&
the foundation for y
serious illness.
The . late hours f J N.
and rich, foods, A\^_ 1 _ - v5K
common to soci- /hyw^^Sv^t
ety gatherings, L^ B^Wp7'/|
soon or late de- F^C Vfc m\
range the stom- XtW*V// J
ach ; the liver, a5\-"» y/j
perhaps, becomes fft'"N^^».
involved, and the *t\ 1^*^
heart flutters or [?& \ '/I c\
palpitates. L»' \ fr *f \
There is no fPv^*/ )A
medicine for the VlaVV^ M
cure of diseases Rn/VVi/ //
of the stomach \\ig^-*i*
and organs of di- rSll'^T^ A ¦
gestion and nutri- /^3r
tion which can ii$Q&LJ^^ jt
equal Dr. Pierce's IJv&iPj Aj?
Golden Medical flDMJffiyjh
Discovery. , It KmWti££L /^r
heals the stomach, L^^JrlAyS
purifies and en- &^2riJw$&
riches the blood, /^ 4rT^\^P^s
cleanses the clog- AstUVti/'^-F^fe^^
ged liver, nour- /MM^.Pj^
ishes the nerves, : f^&?
and gives face and rfr t
form the radiant beauty of health.
"Golden Medical Discovery" contains
no alcohol, and is absolutely free from
opimn, cocaine and other narcotics.
• Mrs. L. Hedgecoke. of Dozicr, Collingsworth
Co.. Texas, wntes: «I was troubled for seven
or eight years with indigestion and liver com-
plaint, and received more benefit frota the use
of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
Pleasant Pellets ' than any medicines I have
• ever tried." .
Dr. Pierce'a Pellets cure constipation.Golfers Busy Out of Town.
H. B. Goodwin, "captain * of - .' . th© - : San
Francisco; Golf Club, has recently: re-
* The telegraph poles along- the. Savannah
and Statchoro Railway In Georgia are
growing. .They are made of cypress , and
must have been • planted with the roots.
They are sprouting at -the top and serve
a double purpose.- They, are shade trees
as well as a support for the wires. -
- E. Fay ,""- the well ; known live ( bird shot J
has - been : making .t some ; remarkable ; rec
ords these , days. . '.Yesterday -j ho ¦ was out
at : the '- Ingleside traps and in ' a' high i wind
grassed thirty-five birds' in thirty-six con
secutlve'ahots.: .
' At/the Ingleside. traps to-morrow, after
noonJthelSan Francisco Gun Club/ will
smash - : bluerbcks / and the '" Olympic Gun
Club will. Brass k. pig-eons. V At ' Alameda
Point the Empire Gun* Club will hold its
regular monthly,. bluerock Bhoot. : ¦¦-¦¦¦ >
¦;Otto Feudnerra'nd- Clarence Naumann
wlllgo;their. twenty-five bird race for $25
to-morrow; at Ingleside. . ". _ -
With the Trap Shooters.
This evening the *¦ San -' Franciscos < will
cruise from Sausallto and the Californlas
Immediately, after last Saturday's race
between the . Aeolus : and the - Gadder the
Corinthians started on their annual; cruise
up the • Sacramento ; River. . The", fleet ' ac
companying Commodore* Hawks, who
transferred his' flag~ to the. sloop Amigo,
was? not quite 'so large as had been ex
pected, as some owners ; found themselves
unable to get away; from .the ; city for a
week. The " sloops Edna, ¦ Emma, : Speed
well. Freda- and Cupid, with . the yawl
Arcturus,- went -up ".to Stockton \and- the
sloop Cupid to Napa;: Commodore Hawks
and the rest cruifed up the Suisun Creek
to Suisun, where the yachtsmen were very
hospitably -received. .Coming., out* of the
Suisun » Creek : the fleet made •> for ¦ Walnut
Grove and Courtland on the . Sacramento
River. The Cupid and Arcturus will? Join
the rest of, the fleet at Vallejo to-day and
will sail down to-morrow, to vTiburon/
Yachts on River Cruises.
At the last meeting of the California
Cricket Association E. G. Sloman of the
Caiifcrnia Cricket Club, R. B. Hogue of
the Alameda Cricket Club and H. C. Cas
ldy of the Pacific Cricket Club were ap
pointed a committee to make up the team
of city players which will visit Lake
County during- the Admission day holi
days. As the Santa Cruz Country Club
Cricket Club Is anxious to visit San Fran
cisco to play a series of matches against
the three city clubs, which will be too
much wfcikened by the absence -of their
best players in Lake County to play on
September 8, 9 and 10, It Is proposed that
the Labor day holidays be selected. If
this is satisfactory to the Santa Cruz
cricketers the match Alameda vs. Pacific,
alreadv on the schedule of- the association
for that day, will be postponed.
To-morrow at * the Webster-street
grounds. Alameda, the , California eleven
will meet the Alameda :: team for the
fourth time this season. The , California
team will be chos*n from the following:
A Dickerison, E. G. Sloman, J. Guild. W.
Reeves. C. Roberts, A. Willis. W. Reed.
J Brown. B. Bromfleld, T. B. Smith. J.
Turner, L. Schroeder and G. Schroeder.
The Alameda eleven will be selected from
the following:* R. B. Hogue. J. II. Saun
ders F. Croll. Harold Ward.-V. E. See
beck. W. G. Fortmann, "F.^ Stahl, .W.- Rlch
ter, E.J. Murphy, P. E. McLean,' B. Bird
and II. W. Brown.*
On the Cricket Field.
-The Oaklands are In better, form this
week than they have been for some time
and should give the champions a i hard
fight. Hutchinson * is back in the gam*
after having. nursed a sprained. wrist for
two weeks, and Mangerina.has recovered
from the injury to his knee. Moreover, a
new inftelder ha3 been: signed in the'per
sonof \yeed, who has a tine record as a
ball tosser.: Pete - Lohman, the veteran
backstop, has been wired- that his terms
have been, accepted .and he will join the
team in another week. . The Sacramentos
are still somewhat crippled owing to the
sickness of Shanahan,;hut Captain ;Dev
ereaux Is ': back in * the • game ; once more
and the team will have. the benefit of his
coaching. Hughes, eays -his; arm is all
right and that he will 'pitch the Sunday
gam e. ¦^|fipHgWKt fc 5S^ u 5ly^iS^^'<toM ifijH
The line-up for to-day Is as follows:
Sacramento. . Positions.. Oakland.
Stanley. . .'. Marcher Mangerlna
Doyle ......Pitcher, ...."...... Borchers or
• , . . . ¦ Mosklman
Hanlon....... ...... -first bane Hutehlnson
BtuHz . . ..'.."• .". JSPConcI . base. . . . . . . . Arrelanes
Devereaux ...Third base:...: .v.We<Hi
Kaftan. . . : .V. .Shortstop , Francks
McLauehlln... '..:... Left' field. .'..;.. ...-..-.Bowman
Hufchps.*. : r:. .... .'.¦..Center field "... . .. . ..Drennan
Dennle. :.¦.........<• Right* field .........„..;. Held
" ' Baseball ' in x MarysvIJle has .taken 'on : a
new impetus- and the Craze seems to run
In 'allr channels of ¦ trade, the business
men having subscribed liberally a monthly
contribution ?¦ for.; the * maintenance * of > a
first class amateur team. An organiza
tion to be known as the Northern Califor
nia; League • of Baseball ' Clubs, consisting
of teams at Colusa. Oroville, Grldley.: and
Marysville. was organized at a. meeting of
the manar--"» of these clubs in' Marysville
on - Wed»-«*ny, 'and. Richard; Belcher, a
' promin'i t ;,~; ttorney . of » Marysville, was
elected i 'president of the league. ; A - series
of 'games^arranKed to ; be played, in tho
townsnamed will extend the season until
the holidays.- \>1££G2£HBSeHBSHfiBlBB
»\V. R. McFarland.- Dr. C. G. Levison.
J. A. Parisor. O. AW Jackson.' C. B..Hol
lywood. T. McManus. James Watt. ' H."
Fletcher, George Walker. J. Flynn. C. R.
and J. B. Kennlff will fish Schultz's slough
for bass to-morrow morning.*
?- Bass. are running, in all the tributaries
of -Petaluma Creek, particularly In* San
'Antonio, Midshipman's Slough " and
Schultz's Sloujrh. . _
.Thev»almon fishing at Monterey Bay has
been ¦ falling;. off during the week-. :-•;
H. E. Skinner and Colonel Kellehor are
getting fair-sized baskets at Boca.
One cause for the sudden falling off In
the fishing near Florleston has been as
signed to the erection of the paper, mill
and power plant near that town. Com
missioner Babcock is now Investigating
the evil effects of these new erections.
J. Crackmell returned from the upper
mill. State line, and reports that the fish
are poor and not fit to eat. on account of
the condition of the water which is used
in Irrigation and for floating logs. The
river is coated with a scum and the fish
Charles Huick and F. M. Haight will
leave for Boca this evening with enough
tackle for a month's trip.
Warren Olney will be found whipping
the Truckee next week.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Shurtleft left for
Point Reyes Thursday morning and will
be gone for a week.
Frank Maskey has been enjoying the
best of angling sport at his country place
in Humboldt County. .
Al Cummlngs. who has been at Webber
for a month, will return next week. He
has had exceptional fishing during his
entire ' vacation. ¦,^6Si§*9Hap»«BBi*8 1 * 8
\V. J. Street, who ha9 been fishing at
Sims, will return to the city In a few
days. He writes that the Upper Sacra
mento has yielded good returns. ,*•;.. . <
• Some striped bass have been «taken out
of the sloughs on the. Roos-Crocker-Pres
ton-Murdock-Ponlatowskl preserves near
San Pablo. . -
From present reports the best fishing of
the season has become history. The upper
Truckee, which was the Mecca of anglers
this year, has ceased to give up Its finny
life -in great quantities and the good
streams all over the State are showing
less and less of fish.
Where the Anglers Are.
A. £. Muff, the amateur; champion of
Southern California, will bo here to con
test In the races during the Native Sons'
celebration. Arrangements for tho cy
cling features of the celebration are pro
gressing. '
•The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
ten-mile road race over the ¦ Hay wards
course on Sunday, August26.' About a
dozen members of , the * club will take tho
train '. to '• San Jose * this • . afternoon, and
make the ' trip i to - Mount r Hamilton in > tho
cool ¦ of -the ¦ evening. ¦
The. Olympic- Club Wheelmen will rido
to ¦>'¦ Bohemia .Grove, . Marln County. , to
morrow"'under, the leadership 'of Captain
T.'G. •Spillane.'-.taklns the 9 o'clock = Sau
palito : boat.' • On the -following Suhdav'
August ¦ 19. the club will - hold a ten-mile
•handicap road race at Hay wards.
The route committee of the Cycle Path
Association will, take. 1 to the road again
to-morrow. "; A \ new plan has been> sug
gested whereby, the bay shore road out of
the city can be utilized.' and they are go
ing to take a couple of engineers alon"* 1
and test the feasibility of it.
The race will be set for some time In
the near: future, and both sides are ex
tremely, confident of victory. • ; .- . ¦ .."
1 It did not take the wheelmen of Red
wood City long to respond' to and accept
the "defl" of ;| the San Mateo Wheelmen,
exclusively published In The Call last
Saturday. The challenge was sent on
August 6 by H. V. Ready, manager of
the San -Mateo 'relay team, and a . re
sponse was received three days later, as
follows: •
- REDWOOD CITY, Aug;. 6. 1900.
Mr. H. ' V. Ready and bicycle riders of San
Mateo — Gentletnjn: -Yours of August - 8, 1900,
challenging the Redwood Wheelmen to a
twenty-live mile relay race, at hand. In reply
will nay^hat the Redwood City. Wheelmen ac
cept your challenge ns per specifications that
may, dp made between selected committees of
both clubs. As the, twenty- five mile relay
champions of San Mateo County, we are ready
to defend our title to the, tame at all times, eo
will ride you' at ' your earliest convenience.
Yours truly. • ¦•--.%
REDWOOD CITY WHEELMEN,
» . By H. E. Grlmmensteln.
On the CycJe Path.
CLIMBING FRISCO
IS REACHING FOR
THE FIRST PLACE
Teams of the League Are
Closing Up, All Except
Oakland.
The question of. the ability of the Frisco
ball tossers to make another gain on the
champions this week depends largely on
the capacity of the Dudes from across the
bay. If the Dudes are able to cope with
the champions this week they may make
the fur. fly at Recreation Park and glad
den the hearts of the local fans. Last
week the Oaklands were in a badly crip
pled condition, but they managed to break
even with the Sacram<\tos.
Uncle Henry has been eating dish after
dish of victory, and any reverse would
be a cause for wrathful indignation on
the part of the local fanatics. They have
by an unparalleled series of victories shot
from last to ..second place. Sacramento
leads' by 2 less than 100 per cent. It is
many weeks since the champions have
not 'had a lead greater than 100. This
series may change the positions of the
second and third teams, but cannot alter
tho place of the leaders or the tail-enders.
Tho standing of the league clubs is as
follows: , .
Mr. Spreckels left for the East last
night on a month's trip for both business
and pleasure. He will time his stay in
New York In order to be present at the
yearling sale.
The yearlings have been perfectly brok
en and rendered trackwl?e, although not
trained In the racing acceptance of the
term. This consignment to a New York
market is a new venture of Mr. Spreckels
and one which he thinks will be thorough
ly successful.
The full list comprises a chestnut colt
by St. Carlo out of Carnation II; a brown
colt by Ravelston out of Sacharissa: a
bay colt by Bolo out of Abble F; a brown
colt by imp. Crighton out of Georgia VI;
a black filly by Eolo out of Yarranabee:
a chestnut colt by, imp.- Crighton out of
Nitouche: a chestnut filly by St. Carlo
out of Frisa; a black fllly by St. Carlo out
of Therese; a bay fillv by Ravelston out
of La«!y Cleveland II; a bay fllly by Imp.
The Judge out of Grace S; a bay fllly by
Eolo out of Annie Race; a bay fllly by
imp. The Judsre out of Llsta Hock; a
black colt by General Miles out of Tragic;
a brown filly by St. Carlo, out of Char
treuse; a dark bay filly by Ormonde out
cf imp. Atossa; a bay filly by imp." The
Judge out of .Cattle Kate: a chestnut colt
by St. Cnrlo out of Geraldlne; a dark
bay colt by Eolo out of Bellguard; a bay
filly by SL Carlo out of Alma Dale: a
bay colt by Eolo out of Bellyguard; a bay
oolt by St. Carlo out of Pique II. a bay
colt by St. Carlo out of Griselda; a chest
nut filly by Eolo out v of Maria F; a bay
colt by Eolo out of Marcell; a bay filly
by St. Carlo out of Victory; a bay colt by
imp. Tbe- Judge out of Floriana; a bay
filiy by Bolo out of Glee; a bay colt by
General Miles out of Nellie Bell.
On Thursday evening a batch of twenty
eight yearllng-s were shipped East by A.
B. Spreckels to be sold by public auction
at Ihe Fasig Tipton Company's paddocks,
New York, on August 28. These are all
thoroughbred.":.' products of Mr. Sprecke's'
Xapa stock farm.' They have been darned
and sired by some of the best blood that
has ever been in California.
Auction Sale of Yearlings.
The programme for to-day's and to
morrow's coursing is a good one and con
sists of an eighty-eight-dog open staka
and an eight-dog champion event. The
card will be run down once to-day, and
on Sunday the champion event will bo
run off In addition to the stake finals.
The promising litter of puppies by St.
Lawrence, out of Lady Blanche, have bad
an unfortunate setback this week. Lady
Blanche was attacked by eczema and th >
puppies In turn were similarly affected by
the disease. Casserly & Kerrigan, owners
of tho litter, are hopeful that prompt
treatment may bring the puppies around
in due time.
Russell. Allen & Wilson are having bad
luck -with their greyhounds. Spiteful has
gone wrong, and, in fact, out of the t wen
ty-ttve dogs of the well known kennel
there are but four or five which
are not laid up and , which are
tit for training. The doss have
contracted a sort of muscular rheu
matism which affects them In a manner
making exercise impossible. Many of tho
hounds arc entered In the Futurity, and
unless an improvement is shown soon the
firm's chances for recognition In that
great event will be handicapped.
Sea Breeze, a Russell, Allen & Wil3on
Importation, nas yet to win a course in
this country, and It looks as if the bring
ing out of that unlucky animal was u
poor venture.
In Thursday's reserve stake at San Ma
teo Park Jingle Bells brought Joy to the
hearts of the pikers in the first round of
that event. As good as It) to 1 was quoted
against Dempsey's flier In the go with
Lear King. The dogs ran an undecided,
and In the run-oft Jingle Bells got the
flag. Superstition is a factor with cours
ing men as well as with followers of other
sports. On the morning train to the park
a piker who is well known as a hunch
player noticed that the number 13 figured
conspicuously in the make-up of the trnin.
The> engine and every car had the "hoo
doo" figures, which fact caused the piker
to feel sure that he had a cinch If he
could study the hunch out. He flgurad to
play 13 to a finish and selected the Jingle
Bells course, which was thirteenth on tha
card. Bet after bet he played until his
pile was exhausted, and when at last tha
flag was raised giving Jingle Bella the de
cision the piker awoke.
The San Mateo management will tako
up all passes on Sunday and give out a
new Issue. The move 13 not to deprive
any person who is entitled to free admis
sion, but is made for the protection of the
association from the abuse of pass own
ers who allow their tickets to gain en
trance for half a dozen or more people on
days when admission Is charged. The new
pass will be non-transferrable. and if pre
sented at the gate by any other person
tlu.n the one to whom It is made out it
will be forfeited.' ".
Curtis A Sons' Psyche showed wet! !*
Thursday's stake, as did Judjre ReillvS
Loughneagh. a Connemara youngster. Tho
For Freedom saplings did not do as well
as- expected, though with a little more
experience better results may follow. They
showed speed, but were green.
As a rule the Futurity candidates made
good Impressions and a few more courses
for them will enable the talent to get a
line on them for the big e-vent.
The Infflesi'le- Association . will end Its
most successful turn to-morrow. .Union
Park will then take hold for four weeks.
The former association Is already at work
for a grand event for Us second Innings
and expects to arrange a card in which
t n» top-notchers will \ scramble for big
prizes.
Ingleside Association Closes
Its Successful Meet at
San Mateo.
LEASHMEN HAVE
HAD A WEEK OF
GOOD COURSING
Very little play is going on at present
on the Presidio links. Permission, how
ever, has been obtained from the military
authorities to construct some additional
bunkers, and the club is spending a con
siderable amount of money in Improving
the condition of the putting greens.
Robert Johnstone. the instructor of the
San Francisco Golf Club, recently paid a
visit to Redwood City to select suitable
grounds for a golf course. The Selby
tract, near Fair Oaks, which was used
last year as a racecourse, has been leased
and a golf course will be laid out on it.
The competition for the woman's cham
pionship of Southern California will be
held on the links of the Pasadena Country
Club on Friday and -Saturday.. January 4
and 5, 1901. The men's amateur and open
championship meetings will be held on the
links of the Los Angeles Country- Club,
the former on February 21. 22 and 23»";ejHl
the latter at a later date. The represen
tatives present were strongly In. favor of
organizing a Pacific States Golf Associa
tion, and communications to that effect
will be sent to the various clubs through
out California. It la believed that such
an association would succeed in bringing
out many noted players to the Pacific
Coast. • Each club sends two delegates to
the association. .
turned from a visit to Southern Califor
nia, and reports that so far as he could
learn no southern golfers will come up
this year. C. E. Maud and C. E. Orr are
in Great Britain, W. Cos&y and Conde
Jones are at Bakersfleld, and no others
are likely to come north. Had there been
a team match this .year as there was in
1S90 it ia possible that the southerners
would have come, but they do not care
to make so long a journey for Individual
competition. Among the members of the
San Francisco Golf Club who will play
are John Lawson, S. L. Abbot Jr., E. J.
McCutchcn, L. O. Kellogg. J. W. Byrne,
Hugh Tevls, Miss T. Morgan. Miss E. W.
Morgan, Miss Ethel Haper and Miss Alice
Hager. Amonp the Oaklanders at Del
Monte are E. R. Folger, C. P. Hubbard
and R. M. Fitzgerald.
Harry. P. Dlmond's sloop Phoenicia has
recently bf>en. on the ways, having the
centerboard! removed and the slot ln*the
keel filled up with lead. This has given
more room in the cabin and converted her
into a keel boat. .
from Oakland Creek and will rendezvous
at Angel Island. The Corinthians will sail
into the upper .bay to meet the yachts
men returning- from the up-river cruise.
The Californlas on their recent cruise got
as far as Freaport,' A. M. Clay's Pactolus
and L. S. Sherman's Royal reaching Sac
ramento. .On the trip up near Martinez
E. N. "Walter's sloop Kmhla and A. M.
Clay's Pactolus came Into collision, but no
serious damage was done to either craft.
Sidney S. Marshall of the sloop Thelma
has challenged E. N. Walter's Embla. J.
T. Carrier's Jessie E and A. M. Clay's
Pactolus to a race over the Wallace tro
phy course— from the southerly pierhead
of the narrow gauge mole to and around
Presidio Shoal buoy and return. The
yachts are to be in cruising rig only and
the crews o* the two boats taking second
and third places are to provide a French
dinner for all concerned. As the boats
are evenly matched and their owners con
fident, the' race will be quite interesting:
Harry R. Slmpkins' yawl Tramontana,
after a stay of two weeks at Santa Cata
lina, weighed anchor on the first ofWu
pust and sailed for San Pedro, with Miss
Pattl Woodard and Mrs. F. R. Frost as
guests. After a stay at San Pedro the
yawl returned to Avalon, where the
yachts Aggie. Alert and Navajo also are.
The "spider" barge crew of the Ala
rrseda Boat Club will go to Astoria, where
F. WJ Ayers and J. Lewis will take part
in the skiff races. They are practicing
regularly.
WIttkopf of the Ariels has sold his shell
to Charles Wilson of the same club. E.
J. Lynch of the Ariels is taking a vaca
tion, but will return next week.
oarsmen, and a great Impetus would be i
given to rowing among the Olympics if j
crews could practice from a boathouse in j
the city Tlie Tritons would, of course, i
lose their name and Identity, but in every j
other respect would be , gainers. Tho j
Ftock of boats of the two clubs would be
ouite large, for the Olympic club already
possesses a new lour-oared racing shell, a
four-oared barge, a. working barge and a
four-oared working shell, besides smaller
boats The Tritons have a good supply
of boats, chiefly strong ones, suitable for
lore trips across the bay. The Olympic
Boat Club has about sixty members, so
that the new organization would number
about ninfty and would doubtless grow ,
CO If £ ih| r imaigamatlon Is effected the offi
cers fcf both clubs would resign and a
new board, made up of representatives of
both clubs, would be elected. The quar
ters of"the Triton Boating Club would
probably be enlarged and a new site
rn!"-ht be obtained for them.
It seems probable that the Astoria re
ritta committee will not do more this
vear than pay the transportation charges
fortheoarsm^n. leaving: the clubs of in
dividuals to defray hotel expenses At
the meetlxiff of the Dolphins held on
\Vedr?esday night it was suggested [that
the expenses of the representatives of the
*lub should be paid out of the treasury",
/lit this did not meet with general ap-
I -oval A. W. Pape and George Baker
I v ill go to Astoria, where the forrner.will
will also go to the northern regatta. ~
The Junior barge crew of the Dolphin?
i= living- at the boathouse ami goln^ out
for regular practice. It oonsiste of T. II
Dhcorf H AT Swedlund. J. M. Farrelt and
lister" Hammersmith. .The Dolphins may
pet together an Intermediate barge era w.
comslsUnB of George .Baker. W. O.
Dr. F. R. Axton and one. other. The
Olympic barge crew is using the Dolphin
boathouse as its training quarters. On
Sunday aft.moon George Baker, senior
outrlc^ed skiff champion, and Stanley
AdfWley. Junior skiff champion, will
swim a match off the Dolphin boathouse
for a trophy. These two and E. Kragness
are R-oin>? out quite frequently in tne
morning for practice In the skin*. - ¦' ~
M J. Brorn of the South End Rowing
dub will so to Astoria to take part in the
junior Kkiff race. Dr. C. C. Dennis hopes
tiext vear to make arrangements for a
p CI -jp S "of three races between cutter crews
of the naval militia of California and
Oregon at the Astoria regatta. The crew
of the Ban Francisco detachment can be
•nicked and trained by Henry. Peterson,
who Is an officer In the naval militia. . r '
An effort is being made to get cutter
crews sent up by the naval militia, at
Santa Cruz. San Diejjro. Santa Barbara
«r»« nureka to this city for the Admission
<5m rowing regatta. The race would be
iToft Interesting and would be certain to
excite strong feolinjrs of rivalry. •
The scullers W. Growncy, J. Sullivan
and H. Peterson desire to have a profes
eional eldff race on September 3. H. A. j
The most Important suggestion that has
Wn made for some time among rowing
K rr.eri Is that the Olympic Boat Club and
the Triton Sv.imming and Boating Club
should unite and form one club, to bo
named the Olympic Boat Club. The ad
vantages of this union are numerous find
obvious. The Triton club has only about
twenty-five members, none of whom take
any active part ia regattas on the bay.
The Olympic Boat Club quarters at Bel
vedere are too far from the city to be
of much real use as a training place for
the Championship Races
at Ast;ria.
Oarsmen Are Preparing for
OLYMPIC ROWERS
AND THE TRITONS :
MAY CONSOLIDATE
The deer hunters are making the best
of the few 'weeks left them under the
law. Reports from various parts of the
State tell of many hunters out with their
rifles, some of whom have been very suc
cessful, while others return with nothing
as a memento of their fruitless chase.
H. T. Henning, W. J. Stance, A. A.
Stang-e, Fred H. Trenkel. Frank O. Reid
and \V. I. Stingley left this city for a two
weeks' trip to the Uvas and Llagas
creeks near Gilroy. They took with them
eighteen hounds, the leader of the pack
being the celebrated Murderer.-
Charles Rule killed two bucks near
"Duncan's mills last week?
At the Country Club three bucks were
killed last Saturday and three on Sunday.
William Kittle remained on the preserves
all week. He has killed his fourth, the
limit allowed.
Ed Kolb and Lew Barrier are above,
Skagg's looking for buck. They will. bo
Joined in' a few clays by General L>ickln
son and H. B. Hosmer . .
H: T,- Whltley, R. Sangster and "W. F.
Smith will return next Monday from Big
River. The party of which they were
members killed eleven bucks.
Dr. J. F. Twist has returned from a
fortnight's outing in Mendoclno County.
He Is enthusiastic over the sport found
there in quest of deer. The first day out
he and his. companion, P. J. Morrin, killed'
two fine bucks and could readily, have
secured more had they followed others
which crossed their path. .The two
nlmrods went from this city on a coasting
steamer, from which they disembarked at
Greenwood after fifteen hours' travfl.
They placed themselves In charge of J.
P. Connor at once. He has well-trained
hounds and Is familiar with the. country.
Persons shooting over the country require
an ivory bead sight, esthe deer are in
variably found tn places where the back
ground Is black. -Another reaulslte Is
spiked shoes as there is considerable
mountain cllmbinp to foe done. - ¦-
Since Dr. Twist's relurn he has. heard
from Mr. Connor, whV writes of the
sport he has been enjoying. One big
buck he secured within a mile of - his
home. Two hundred yards farther on his
dog started another and larger one. He
fired four tlmes'at, this one but the rang*
proved too far for his gun and the buck
escaped. To compensate ¦ for the loss of
this one, another started up and . was
brought down. -Before he; could start for
home a fourth buck nppeared,,but' he let
it go, having already a/full supply of
venison. The next day a small party of
sportsmen went after deer": under Sir.
Connor's guidance and . secured a: fine
buck. " , ' '.:. '¦'¦ ¦•':'¦ - ... ' v w y ¦ ¦ :...¦
"ome of the Interesting Stor
ies That Come From the
Mountains./^-
DEER PLENTIFUL
AND HUNTERS ARE
OUT IN NUMBERS
BURLiNGAME POLO PLAVERS PRACTICING FOR THE DEL MONTE TOURNAMENT.
gramme, with the entries, is es follows:
First race, three sixteenths of a mile for polo
ponies, weight 160 pounds— Walter Hobart,
Slats, Kat and Mauvee; C R. Duval, Melody;
P. J. Carolan, King Cole; J. L. Tobin, Chute
the Chutes;, B. J. Tobln.. Midnight; P. D.
Martin, Lady Fern; R. Tobtn, Grane and Duke;
T. L. Driscoll, Absinthe; R. D. Martin,
Florentino and Lady Jane Grey; J. S. Tobln.
Brushwood Boy; Charles Dunphy, Jessica; H.
Praed, Twenty-six. •
Second race, one mile, for horses owned and
ridden by residents of Monterey and Santa
Cruz counties, > weight 150 pounds— Lady Fern.
P. D. Martin: yRaJa, Lon C. White; MIsh
Korma, John 'Bell.
Third race, five furlcngr* for ponies, weight.
165 pounds— Fusillade, F. J. Carolan; Boxer. C.
R. Duval; Slats, Kat. Mauvee, Walter Hobart;
Six Bits, Lady Evelyn, P. D. Martin; Nell
Owln, P. Poniatowskl: Viola, M. E. Flowera:
Lady Betty. P. H. Hlckey; Friar Tuck. John
Lawson; Bob Acres. T. C. Driacoll; Arab. K.
J. Tobln; Chute the Chutes, J. L. Tobln;
night. E. J. Tobin; Fusillade. F. J. Carolan:
Grane and Duke. It. Tobin; Friar Tuck. John
Lawson; Six Bits and Lady Fern. P. D. Mar
tin; Chute the Chutes, J. L. Tobln; Lady
Betty, P. H. Hickey.
Fifth race, one mile and a half, hurdle, for
ponies 14.2 and under, weight 166 pounds and
upward— Six Bits, P. D. s Martin; Rosamond.
Charles Dunphy.
Sixth race, steeplechase, open handlcai>— Sea
Urchin, P.. D. Martin; Silverado, P. Ponla
towgki; Huntsman, J. J. Moore; Ameera, V.
3. Carolan; Mentor, R. Tobln.
* .--•..¦» ¦'.
The entries closed Thursday evening,
but owing to some misunderstanding
there was an error in the forwarding, and
as they stand above are not complete.
There will, however, be very few addi
tions. Golf and tennis matches will be
played during the morning hours.
All the tennis men who can leave town
will play in the round robin singles and
MONTE will be ablaze with
color next week. The bright. pUs
ter.ing eilks of the gentleman riders,
the warm-hued plaids of the golf
ers, the duck and flannels of the tennis
plavers will be seen In full bloom on track.
field and court. Once every year society
presents Itself on the sporting field and
Del Monte is the chosen scene of exhibi
tion. The week's carnival, which will be
Inaugurated on Monday, will make the
groves ar.d walks of society's favorite re
sort resound with the noise of sport and
all that will be heard will savor of the
horse, golf and the other out-of-door
pastimes scheduled for the week.
The programme will be a varied one and
•will eat up the best of six days in the-
Tunning:. Polo and pony racing will be the
chief features of the carnival. Four polo
teams ¦will play in tournament — not as
was at first" planned, matches between a
southern team and representative fours
from "Bllngum"— but four distinct teanu
of Bllngum complexion, with a scattering
of the southern mallet swingers in the
ranks. The polo teams as they are made
up are: A— J. S. Tobln. Ollie Tobln. Peter
Martin and W. Page; B— John Lawson,
Charles Duval. H. Praed and E. J. Tobin ;
C— Walter Hobart, Cyril Tobin, Frank
Carolan and M. E. Flower; D— R. M. To
bln, Charles Dunphy, J. S. Tobln Jr. and
S. W. Stlllwell or R. Bettner.
The afternoon will be divided between
the pole gardes and the races. Two racing
cards, six events each, will bring out the
riders en their ponies. The first day's pro-
Golfers and . Tennis Cracks Will Have
Their Innings as Well as the
doubles. There will ba eight players In
the singles — George and Robert Whitney,
M. Johnson, Grant Smith, H. V.'. Croweil,
Mr. Godfrey, Dr. Root and W. B. Collier
Jr. In the doubles the following teams
have entered: George Whitney and Crow
ell. Grant Smith and Robert Whitney. J.
A. Code and Godfrey, Upham brothers,
Charles Teller and Sidney Haslett.
Ersklne and Mayhew and H. Cooper and
George Morse.
On Tuesday Professor Daily will play
an exhibition match with the coast cham
pion, George Whitney.
On Monday the qualifying round, eight
een holes, ladles' handicap, for the Scott
cup, will be plaved. Those who succeed
In qualifying will take part in the cup
competition over eighteen holes, match
play, on Tuesday. On Wednesday the.
qualifying round over eighteen holes,
medal play, men's contest, for the Dei
Monte cup. will take place. The sixteen
competitors maklr.gr the lowest scores will
enter the cup competition, eighteen holes,
match play, on Thursday. The semi-flnai
and final rounds will bo played on Friday,
the final round being over thirty-six holes.
The entries lor the Scott cup close to
morrow, and for the Del Monte cup oti
Monday, at the Hotel, del Monte. Tho
golf events are In charge of J. Downey
Harvey. ¦ ¦-.=»
The golf competitions at Del Monte will
not be as Interesting this year as they
were last, when ten players came from
Los Angeles, three from Riverside ana
two from Santa Monica to contest for th»
Del Monte cup, while for the Crocker cup
two ladles entered from Los Angeles and
from Bakersfleld.
Handsome prizes<-"money and cups, will
be awarded to winners In every event.
Should sufficient Interest be displayed In
the games next week the carnival may be
extended Into the following week.
Gentleman Riders and Their High-Bred
Ponies Ready for the #
Meet*
SPORT FOR A WEEK ON
THE TRACK AND FIELD
Fourth race. Del Monte cup, one mile, weight
165 pounds and upward— Slats, Kat and Mau
vee, Walter Hobart : Absinthe and Bob Acres,
T. A. Driscoll; Viola, M. E. Flower; Mid-
Third race, one mile, handicap— Six Bits.
Lady Kvelyn, P. D. Martin; Chute the Chutes,
J. L. Tobln: Perujla. W. R. Shafter; Albano.
P. Harden Hlckey; Phoenician, Lot D. Norton;
Ml!«B Norma, John Bell.
First race, four-sixteenths of a mile, tor
polo ponies, handicap, lowest weight 145 pounds
—King Cole. F. J. Carolan; Chute the Chutes
J. L. Tcbin; Arab. E. J. Tobln: Grane and
Duke, ' K. Tobln; Abslnthe,< Thomas Driscoll:
Slats, Kat. Mauvee. Walter Hobart: Flower
OWL Charles IJunphy; Twenty-six, II. PraeJ-
Lady Florentino, Lady Jane Grey, Lady Fern!
P. D. Martin, p .
Second race, one-quarter of a mile, for ponle3,
¦weight 163 pounds — Princess Flavla. F. J. Cart
lan; Tcpo, E. J. Tohin: Bob Acres, T. L. Dris
coll; Slats, Kat and Mauvee. Walter Hobart •
Melody. C. R. Duval; Nell Gwln. P. Ponlu
towski; Viola, M. E. Flower; Lady Fern, P.
D. Martin.
The'card for the second day's ractfng Is:
Sixth race, San Mateo Hunt steeplechase
three miles, weight for age— Sea Urchin, p!
D. Martin; Huntsman, - J. J. Moore; Silverado
P. Poniatowskl; Meteor, R. Tobin; Blucher.
John Lawson. . ;¦',.;¦'•;¦"
Fifth race, one mile, open, maiden, weight
150 pounds— Briton, J. Weber; Fairoaks, J j
Moore; Albino. P. H. Hlckey; Ameera' f' J*
Carolan: Six Bits, P. D. Martin; Perugia, " w'
R. Shatter: Phoenician, Lot D. Norton; Raja
Lon C. White. , . . s '
Flower Olrl. Charles Dunphy; Brushwood Boy
J. S. Tobin.
Fourth race, half a Rule, 'for polo ronl««
weistht 165 pounds— Slats. Kat. Mauvee "Walter
Hobart: Three Cheers. F. Carolaii; Chute
the Chutes, J. I* Tobln; Topo. E J. Tohin-
Absinthe. T. L. Driscoll; Bob Acres T A
Driscoll: Lady Fern. Six Bits, P. D. Martin'
Twenty-elx. H. Praed.
\ THE SAN FR VNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900;
• • • * '•'
Sacramento I '-. 2S 18 46 -60S
San Francisco 25 24 49 .510
Stockton 23 24 47 .483
Oakland • 18 23 46 .393
SPORTS
5
SOCIETY WILL ATTEND
RACES AT DEL MONTE
In Indian mounted officers traveling by
rail on temporary duty may. if they pre-
fer it. take a bicycle with them at Gov-
ernment expense In lieu of a charger.It is Raid Bryan will do most of his campaigning j n
the East as he did before, and it is a safe prediction
the result will be as it was before.
Another serious blow has been struck at the cam
paign principles of the Bryanites* It is reported that
Nebraska and South Dakota are exceptionally pros
perous and that this is an off season for- calamity
howlers.
According to a recent report there are in Germany
861 schools and institutes giving instruction in man
ual training, and they have under their control *s
many as 1514 workshops. Such figures explain the
wonderful success Germany has had of recent years
in competing for the world's commerce, and show
other people what they will have to-do in order to
keep op with the procession.
\ Despite the fact that Senator Wellington has de
serted the Republican party and gone over to the
Bryanites, ex-Mayor Latrobe of Baltimore, a sound
money Democrat, declares Maryland safe for the Re
publican ticket by 40.000 majority. Wellington is
evidently one of the fellows who never will be missed.
- NATURALIZATION- D.. Campbell. Cal.
An' alien 4 who" comes to the. United States
at the age of twenty cannot vote in this
country when he attains his majority.' He
must take out naturalization papers in the
regular.way. In some States; in others he
can vote on declaration of Intention to
become a; citizen; after, having made such
declaration in legal' lorm. The son of
English parents. If; born In the : United
States.'thoughthe parents were not natu
ralized, can. on attaining his majorltv
vote. 1 By so; doing he asserts his rlght*3
as a ( native born, but If he elects, he can
adopt the citizenship of his father by not
exercising any of the rights of an Ameri
can citizen.
CALIFORNIA HISTORICAL SOCIETT
—A. L., Llddell, Cal. * For information
about the California" Historical Society
address a communication to Colonel A. 3.
Hubbard. secretary thereof. 503 Montgom
ery street, who will send you a circular
of information.'
LILLIAN BURKHARDT-Wi J. . 8.,
City. Lillian Burkhardt appeared at the
Orpheum May 27, 1000. She played a three
weeks engagement, went to Los Angeles,
played there three weeks and returned to
this city, where she played for two weeks,
closing July 23.
NOT IN THE CALL— O., Plattsburg
Barracks, Plattsburg, N. Y. The Call did
not, during the month .of July, 1900. pub
lish a letter descriptive of theJtrlp of the
transport Thomas from San BTanclsco to
Honolulu.. •'¦ - ..». , .
OIL CLATM-D. W. E., Grafton, Cal.
If a person locates an oil claim on Gov
ernment land h« must record the same
in the office of the Recorder of the county
in which the land la located.
NORMAL SCHOOL— A. R., Crockett.
Cal." The Normal School in San Fran
cisco is located on Powell street near
Clay. It is open during the regular school
term. ¦ . - . . .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
• This toilet, whichr was worn by Mme.
Jeanne Granier in "Le Nouveau Jeu," is a
deshabille in Alencon lace, lncrusted with
roses. In moussellne de sole and trimmed
with pink ribbons. The transparent Is
made by an underdress in white poln*
d'esprit tulle, with flounces at the bottom.
A LACE DESHABILLE.
7 With the exception '¦_ of the Vanderbllt
University at Nashville it Is, said that the
: Proof l has Just been ' furnished in Chip
pewa ; Falls, ';<; Wls.. that v lightning :; does
sometimes /strike l more > than once , in " the
same pla ce,"- the « dome of ' the - Courthouse
there "having been '.subjected to'ltsthirtl
visitation. .-"¦;, . -. ¦/-'• .
: - Some years ago it - was ; the "Cherokee
strip," with .not a white: settler; In all Its
bounds. Now the Territory of Oklahoma
with ¦."¦ 300,000 : inhabitants and a harvest
worth $100,000,000, seeks admission as a
State.' •
A , team s of : Kansas City firemen is now
on the way to Paris to take ; part ; In the
firemen! s ! tournament 1 there, i ' Every man
Is a , trained • athlete : and ; they confidently
look forward. to showing foreigners some
new wrinkles in fire-fighting.
The chimes of St Michael's Church,
Charleston.' S.C., are almost as famous as
those of "old Trinity, New York. Of late
the bell-ringers there have taken to play
ing • 'Tag-time" ; music, and not a few
citizens object to such tunes as not at all
suitable.::; ¦ / :
Physicians in the State Prison at Colum
bus, Ohio, have just taken a fifth finger
from the hand of -Will Byers, a convict.
Byers is serving a term ; for robbing the
malls and found that his extra finger ln
.terfered' with his : work in the glove shop
of the, prison. * ¦ ;
Automobiles have been given a trial at
Hartford; Conn., for collecting mail. The
experiment is to belcontinued for a month
under ¦ an order, from the Postomce De
partment.-- The autos : are three-wheeled
vehicles and each covers a route of fifteen
miles twice a day.
Mrs. Samuel Swartwood. wife of a rail
road engineer living in Wilkesbarre, Pa.,
has Just given birth to her twenty-fifth
baby, twenty of whom are Hving.\ She
was married at the age of 15, twenty-nine
years ago. The family gets along very
nicely, i the united ' income of father and
children being $190 monthly. ¦
Bishop Charles B. Galloway reports that
the Methodist churches in the South have
raised nearly $1,000,000 of the $1,500,000 they
promised to contribute before January 1,
1901,. to the Methodists' twentieth century
educational fund, and he has no doubt the
whole amount will be secured before the
dawn of the new century.
phi i rn for
CALL READERS
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW .YORK. Aug. 10.— M. Dlnkelsplel of
San Francisco Is at the Imperial; Robert
Losing Jr. of Los Angeles is at the Em
pire.
CAI/EPORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.-H. A.Pixley
of San Francisco Is . at the Arlington
Hotel. ¦;--. .
To elect a good Legislature it will be necessary that
every good citizen do; his whole ! political duty.- No
man should shirk it. Those who have not registered
should do so at once. Those who have not yet joined
the Republican club of their district should attend
to that duty. The victory is not going to be-\jron by
talking of honest politics on the -street's or in the
clubs, hut by getting out and working for it. In every
Assembly and; every Senatorial district . the. railroad
and the bosses will have their candidates and their
workers. Decent^ Republicans must meet these men
at every point. Not a single-seat should be tamely
surrc ndered ' to the gari g.
IZ^ VERY Republican in this city worthy of the
repute of a goo-i citizen should at this time bear
— f in mind' that he has to perform in the coming
election a duty to the State, not less important than
that to ; the nation. The Legislature to be elected
in November will have to reapportibn all the As
sembly, the Senatorial and the Congressional dis
tricts. Moreover, the State Senators chosen this year
will hold over and have a vote for the election of a
United States Senator to succeed Perkiris. ' By reason
of those facts the railroad and the combined Demo
cratic and Republican bosses are making strenuous
efforts to control the Legislature. The only power
that can prevent them from achieving that object is
that of the better elements of the Republican party.
Unless that. force be exerted by united >nd vigorous
action, the outlook for California politics will be
gloomy indeed. ,'•;.-:
t The issueis not one of merely partisan importance.
For the election: of good men to the Legislature
honest Republicans can rightly ask all independent
and public-spirited citizens to' unite with them. They
can also count upon receiving the support of no in
considerable number of the better class of Demo
crats, if upon the Republican /'State ticket there be:
placed" candidates who deserve the confidence and the
respect of their fellow-citizens. There will be victory
for the party and for the people if such candidates be
nominated. There will be defeat if men of, the" type
of Dibble and Wolfe are set before the voters as
representatives of San Francisco. Republicanism. ,
Q DUTY- Cf REPUBLICANS.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Comtesse de Mountjoye of Cairo,
Egypt, arrived from Canada yesterday
and la registered at the Palace. She Is
accompanied by J. D. Armour, Chief
Justice of Ontario. They departed for
Monterey on the afternoon train..;
J. L. Grlswold, proprietor of La Clede
Hotel : of St. Louis, is a guest of the
Palace. He is here for pleasure and a
rest.-
H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion of the Southern Pacific Company, is
a guest of the Palace.
Mrs. John Hays Hammond and family
arrived at -the Palace from Chicago last
night. 'They are here to visit relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. G.^ W, Carpenter are at
the Lick. Mr. Carpenter is a well-known
merchant of Tuba.
A. H.\ Frederick, a prominent citizen of
St. Louis, accompanied by his wife. Is at
the Grand.
W. H. McClintock, a prominent mining
man of Bonora, is stopping at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENT/ON.
First among trans-Atlantic liners to look
out for the amusement of children pas
sengers is the new racer Deutschland.
which has on the upper deck a big room
set apart as a playroom. Here the young
sters may romp, play and make all sort3
of noise without disturbing other passen
gers. Toys of many kinds are also pro
vided.
white schools in the South have not re
ceived $50,000 in twenty years.
"The evidence." said the Judye. "shows
that you threw a stone at this man."
"Sure." replied Mrs. O'Connor, "an' th«
looks av the man shows more than thot.
yer Honor. It shows that 01 hit him."—
St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
"Ix>ole here, sir I" exclaimed the maiden
lady, "J want you to take back that par
rot you sold me. I find that it swears
very badly." "Well, madam." replied th«
dealer, "It's a very young bird: it'll learn
to swear more perfectly when It's a bit
older."— Philadelphia Press.
Mr. Flyhlglj — Of course, you're well ac
quainted with the country round aboy^
her*. Do you know Glen Accron? Natlv*
—Aye. weel. Mr. Flyhigh (who has Just
bought the estate)— What sort of a place
Is It. In your opinion? Xatlve — Well, If
you saw the de'U tethered on't ye'd Ju«t
say "Pulr brute."-Glasgow - Evening
Times. ,-' •
Farmer Hornbeak-Uncle Lyman Swank
Is the strangest old man I ever seen 1
Farmer Hawbuck— How's that. Ezry?
Fanner Hornbeak — Why, no matter what
kind of a story you tell him, it never re
minds him of anything.— Puck.
Tas. sir." said the colored citizen, with
a wave of his hand toward the cabin:
"I's done broke. I reckons I's whut dey
c;yi3 a 'bankrupV "What are your as
lt tsT " Lem nie see. Dar's me an* do
three boy&, an'— ' You misunderstand.
Tour assets are what you have hopes of
realizing money on." "Dafs what V»
gettln to. My assets ain't nuffln but fo'
votes an a mule."— Washington Star.
Deacon — "We don't employ a regular
pastor, but pet different preachers to
preach C. O. D. sermons for us. Visitor—
"C. O. D." sermons? What kind are
they? Deacon— Collect on delivery.—De
troit Free Press.
A CHANCE TO LAUGH.
There are evidences that Great Britain has trot acted
in good faith. Her stubborn and selfish assertion of
exclusive action in the Yangtsekiang has justified the
suspicion that she has cherished secret* designs of ter
ritorial aggrandizement and that her grabbing spirit i<?
unquenched. Fortunately she is, by President Mc-
Kinley's wisdom, to be met by a hostile concert of
the powers under the leadership of the United States
that will defeat her sinister ambitions.
If, as now appears, Germany and Russia concede to
him abstention from territorial designs, he has ac
complished for China what she could not do for her
self. .
This action was taken by the President on his own
responsibility, and with a just estimate of the power
of this Government to set the pace for the other
powers. They might trifle with China, but-tfiry dare
not trifle with the United States. The' world owes
much to the nice discretion and wisdom of President
McKinley in the most difficult and dangerous situa
tion that has ever confronted it, and his own coun
trymen will not easily forget what they owe to him
for it.
It will be observed that President McKinley has
dominated and in effect dictated the purpose of the
advance of the relief column. He has made it not
an expedition for conquest or looting, but for one
object, the relief of the legations, in effect co
operating with the expressed purpose of China to se
cure their safety against her disorderly and rebellious
subjects.
As China promptly responded to his firsf request
and has kept faith, as he has, it is only reasonable to
expect a like response to this.
From the beginning he has been the chief reliance
for safety of ail foreigners in that country. He has
carefully distinguished between their military rescue
and the making of war upon China. The concession
of iree communication between foreign Ministers an<l
their Governments was the direct rssdt of. his letter
to the Emperor, and now, in his last communication,
he treats the Chinese Government as acting in good
kith and puts it to the test. He says that as Minis
ter Conger believes it would mean death to the lega
tioners to leave Peking under Chinese escort: "We
therefore urge upon the imperial Government that it
shall adopt the course suggested in the third clause
of the President's letter to his Majesty the Emperor
of China of July 23, 1900, and enter into communica
tion with the relief expedition, so that co-operation
may be secured between them for the liberation of
the legations, the protection of foreigners and the res
toration of order. Such action of the imperial Gov
ernment would be a satisfactory demonstration of
its friendliness and desire to attain these ends."
AGAIN' President McKinley has shown the su
periority of his diplomatic methods in dealing
with the difficult. situation in China.
ThfE PRESIDENT TO CHINA.
Father Russia, beginning the cutting, says to Japan and Germany, on his right, and the United
States and France, on his left:
"The mistress has not come, my dears! She has some business with Mr. Kruger. Let us begin at
once while expecting her." Vr>iv
Italy, standing to one side and furnishing music for the repast, will only get to the second table.
The Carving Begins.
(FROM LE MONDE ILLUSTRE.)
It^is to be borne in mind that the week covered by
the report was a week" of the hot midsummer, when
enterprise is not very active in any part of the East
ern States. Such progress in the direction of new
manufacturing enterprises made in a single week of
sweltering July goes far to explain why the Demo
crats of the Southern Industrial League object to any
report before election. It would have been indeed a
Republican campaign document, for it would have
borne witness to the fact that in the South itself the
fruits of Republican legislation have been those of in
dustry, progress, and prosperity. i - v
In the absence of afiy comprehensive report for the
year from the Southern Industrial League, the condi
tions in that section may be inferred from the fact
that the Chattanooga Tradesman reports that during
the week ending July 28 there were established a
$10,000 basket and crate factory in the Fort Valleyj
Ga., fruit district; a broom factory in Middle Geor
gia; a cigar factory in Florida; coal mines in Arkan
sas and West Virginia; electric light and power
plants in Georgia, Kentucky and Texas; a palmetto
fiber factory at Gainesville, Fla; a flouring mill and
grain elevator at Clarksbufg, W. Va.; hardware and
supply companies in Georgia and Texas; a $50,000
harness and saddlery works at Dallas, Tex. ; an- ice
factory in Virginia;, an irrigation company in Texas;
a" knitting mill in North Carolina; lumber' mills in
Arkansas, Mississippi, South Carolina and .Tennessee;
a $600,000 mining and development company in Ar
kansas; a $50,000 novelty works at Wheeling, W. Va.;
natural gas and oil companies in the Eastern Ken
tucky and West Virginia fields: an elevator manufac
turing company in Tennessee; a $10,000 shirt factory
in Atlanta, Ga.; a soap factory in Kentucky; telephone
companies in the Carolinas f and Texas, and a tobacco
factory in Kentucky.
Such a story hardly seems credible, and yet it comes
as straight as any other news of the day. The inci
dent could have happened only in the South, where
business men are forced into an unnatural alliance
with Bryanism. It shows how absurd is Southern
politics, and goes far to confirm the truth of a state
ment attributed to Senator Money of Alabama, that
the business men of ihe South wish the re-election of
McKinley and therefore favored the renomination of
Bryan by the Democrats as the surest way of bring
ing it about.
r ROM Atlanta comes a story that strikingly illus :
tratcs the confusion produced in the minds of
the Southern people by the conflict between
their politics and their industries. At the recent con
vention in that city of the Southern Industrial League
a committee was appointed to draw up f6r publica
tion a report of the conditions of trade and industry
in the Southern States. When the report was read
the politicians in the convention arose at once to pro
test. They declared it to be in the nature of a Re
publican campaign document. Publish that report of
prosperity, they said, and you will put a club in the
hands of Mark Hanna to beat us over the head on
every stump in the Union. Another committee ap
pointed to revise the report struggled with the issue
for some time and then came back With a recommen
datien that no report be made until after the election.
BUSINESS AND POLITICS.
SATURDAY AUGUST 11, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
*dd-ess All Communica. ior» 10 W. S. LEAKE. Ma-.a-jer.
MANACOirs OFFICE Telephone l*re»« 2O4
rCaUCATlOX OFFICE. .."WnrUrt »nd Third. a. F.
'IVlcjiho'ue Press "ill.
EOlTOItUL ROOMS 217 to 221 KteTeaion St.
•| ••••¦Iilioin- Vttrn* 202.
Delivered ••? Carrier*, 13 Cent* Per Week.
Mnelf Cople«. S Cents.
Terras by .M nil, . I Printline f'oufncei
DA1T-T CA1A* (Including P«n<5sy). one »r :...$««
VaU.T CALL (including hun.Uy), c months !.<»
DAILY c/tL Orscludln* bendajr). I months- 1.64
D.OI.y CAlly-3T Slncle Month «^c
CT'NJjAT CAIX One Ye«r l.M
•VCGKI.Y CALX. One Veer LOO
AJX poaf Buastern «re finthorlcetl to receive
¦ ntmerlptlon*.
Sample ecples • Hi be forwaided when requested.
* _______ •
Mil'. subscriber* In orcerJnif rhans-* of address should b#
particular to d*e both NEW AND OLD ACDRSSS m order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their rwrJest.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 nn-osulwar
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Wzrajrer Foreign Advertising, Varquette Building. Chicago.
(Lcc4 Distance Telephone "Central Ssl).") -
NTW TORE COIirtESPONDENT;
C C. ORLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN a SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CniCAGO NEWS STANDS:
R-wnun Hous-; p. O. Nrws Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rremcat Llcuse. Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TC3K NEWS 8TAJCDB:
Waldorf-Artrrla Hotel; A. Ureateao, tl Union Sqaar*;*
Murray hlU Uottl.
WASHINGTON <D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspond-nt.
bXl A "iC I' OFFICES -s:: MontffTmery. corner of Oar. opea
until 9:20 o'clock. 300 Hayen. open until »:S0 o'ciock. C33
McAllister, opii until 3:20 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
S:20 o'clock. OQ Mission, open ur.til 10 o'clock. 2361 Market.
comer QxtcyBth. c:*n until » o'clock, VM Valencia, open
until » o'clock. :oc Eleventh, cjwn oStU 9 o'clock. NW cor
s«r Twenty-second aai Kentucky, open until » o'clock,
We believe the American people will prefer the gold
standard, two per cent interest on the public debt,
the continuance of good times, the employment of all
our working people", plenty of food for their table
and clothing for their bodies, and will trust to the
sober second thought of the people, manifested in
orderly reaction, to extricate the country from- the
difficulties into which this lobbyist plunged it when
he procured the ratification of the conquest of the
Agitation then would have presented the one ques
tion of conquest and would have settled it against the
purchase of the Philippines. It would have involved
no other consequences, and would have endangered
no interests. Therefore he did not want agitation
then, but he wants it now. He turned his back upon
his Omaha speech,' lobbied for the treaty, accom
plished the conquest, violated every principle which
he now asserts, and asks to be trusted to rid the coun
try of the consequences of a treaty for which he alone
is responsible.
This timid politician was afraid of agitation!
That was the very .time to agitate the public mind.
Spain was powerless to reopen hostilities. The pro
tocol ratified for her by Cambon dominated the situ
ation. If the great principles which no man disputes
were put in peril by the treaty, as he now charges, no
time was too long to spend in their vindication.
That was the time to agitate the public minfl. He
does not scruple to agitate it now on that same sub
ject, when its agitation may mean the votes which will
give him the power to overthrow our financial sys
tem, destroy our credit and bring on another whirl
wind of panic and pinch of distress. Measuring the
man as we are justified in doing:, he did not want the
agitation then, for it would not help his ambition to
be President. It would not forward his ulterior pur
pose to put the country on a silver standard. It would
not push the policy of the Chicago platform for the
overthrow of the courts, the denial of the freedom of
contract, the abolition of the legislative branch of our
system and the destruction of representative gove-n
ment.
That was applicable and unusually sane for him.
But he went down South and into camp with his regi
ment, where it dallied with dysentery for a few
months, when he resigned and, according to his suc
cessor in the colonelcy, declared his purpose of going
tc Washington to help secure the ratification of the
Paris treaty. As we have said, the treaty was then beaten
by the Republicans, un'ler the leadership of Senato*"
Hoar, because it proposed to confirm the conquest of
the Philippines. Bryan induced seventeen Democratic
Senators to come to its support andTatifiejd.it. VHi?*
lobbying completed the conquest of the Philippines.
His responsibility as the leader of his party has not
been . forgotten. He abandoned the theory of his
Omaha speech. He forgot all, about consent of the
governed. He added "'hypocrisy to greed" in a
double sense, and lost the confidence of the anti
cxpansionists. Now he seeks to reinstate himself, be
cause he wants votes, while it is a fact of public
knowledge that his Southern supporters, who will
give him 120 electoral votes, are practically unani
mous for holding the Philippines. He sees with un
usual clearness, for him, that his support of the treaty
is his weak point, ami in his acceptance speech, tries
to avoid its consequences. This is his excuse:- "If
the treaty had been rejected considerable time would i
necessarily have elapsed before a new treaty could
have been agreed upon and ratified, and during that
time the question would have been agitating the pub
lic mind." ¦ (
On June 25. 1898, just after his appointment as
colonel of the Nebrask-i regiment for the Spanish w*r,
Colonel Bryan, bedizened and belly-bande.d in his spick
and span new uniform, made a speech at the dedi
cation of the Nebraska building at the Omaha Ex
position, in which he said: "If a contest undertaken
for the sake of humanity degenerates into a war of
conquest, we shall find it difficult to meet the charge
of having added hypocrisy to greed/ Our guns de
stroyed a Spanish fleet, but can they destroy that
self-evident truth that governments^derive th^ir just
powers, not from superior force, but from the con
sent of the governed?"
The anti-expansionists 'of the country have never
trusted Colonel Bryan. They know that the trouble
came with the ratification of the treaty of Paris. The
Republican opposition to that treaty was so strong
thnt it could not depend on Republicans for success
in the Senate.. They had it beaten, and proposed to
amend out of it the pu: chase of the Philippines. That
purchase was nothing more nor less _than the ac
complishment of a conquest. It was vacant of any
other feature. It was paying for a title that had al
ready been extinguished by conquest.
He avoids comment" upon the denial of the guar
antees of the constitution to people at home. He is
dumb upon the defiant violation by his own party
in the South of every principle he asserts as necessary
to the preservation of freedom. He quotes Lincoln
as glibly as the devil h supposed to quote Scripture,
but he nowhere applies the known principles of Lin
coln to the doings of his own party south of Mason
and Dixon's line. His leading manager, Tillman of
South Carolina, declared in the Senate that when
the negroes exercised their constitutional right to
vote they were murdered by the Bryan men of the
South, and when they risked their lives to get in a
ballot it. was nullified by fraud.
•-—» OLOXEL BRYAN shunted silver in his ac
( ceptance speecli, and, after some generally
/ . damnatory remarks about "plutocracy," to
which we have already referred, devoted the rest of
his document to his prize issue of imperialism. In
the main it consists of a restatement of fundamental
I>rincipies that are as old as Magna Charta. No one
is in opposition to them; they are settled parts of our
polity and in no more danger of disturbance than are
the Rock}' Mountains in danger of a change in, their
axis. But Bryan presents them as offsprings of his
own brain and himself as their only efficient cham
pion and defender, and his election as necessary to
their preservation. It will be observed that he cries
for their application to the external people with whom
we are unhappily involved as a miserable legacy of the
Spanish war. That war he urged on the ground that
it would be good politics, and of course he is now
striving to get what politics he can out of its results,
which were foreseen ar.d feared by wiser men than he.
BRYfIN ON EXPANSION,
This argument is so self-evident it is hardly likely
any considerable number of growers will hold out
against it. The association has now been fairly es
tablished. It is under the control of able and re
liable business men, and there is no longer any doubt
of the practicability of, co-operation along the lines
proposed. Consequently those growers who have
hitherto remained outside by .reason of one form
x>f doubt or another can have no good excuse for
continuing to do so. The co-operation, of all growers
will be better than the co-operation of 90 per -cent,
and it is therefore to be hoped the meetings will be
successful in bringing all the outsiders. into the asso
ciation and thus strengthen it in the work it. has un
dertaken for the general welfare.
cent of the growers are outside the association.
Those men of course cannot fix a price for their fruit
higher than that of the association. All they can, do'
is to sell cheaper and thereby compel the association
to some extent to reduce prices, to meet the oubide
competition/ The only effect of such tactics would
be to unsettle the market. The injury resulting would
of course be felt more by the growers than/ any one
else, and certainly the "outsiders could not profit any
thing by it.
xxi ui : C5AJ.N i'KAJN %J1 » UU C AUJ JLi; SA TU It U A X , A u ,M" u sx * x > x VS**}.
A FAMILY DINNER.
The ; Philadelphia; Pres* says: " "You can buy. a baby
in Philadelphia just ns easily as you can provide your
selfwith a new pair, cf 'shoes.' Babies, like any other
wares of the world, are advertised andv traded: "off for
"money, and the baby traffic ¦flourishes;briskly:in these
dsys of j prosperity." And yet there are people who
call Philadelphia a slow town. . . >; .
A CHANCE FOR PRUNE-GROWERS.
Q-NCE more a chance is given to the. s prune
prowers of the State who have not yet-joined
• the Cured Fruit Association to ally themselves
with "it and profit by its advantages. It, is proposed
to. hold in the prune-growing districts of the/State a
series of mass-meetings, beginning Saturday 5 night
and continuing through next, week; ': with the object
of getting the outsiders to come into the combina
tion." At these meetings full explanations .will be
made of the benefits to be derived from co-operation,
and an opportunity afforded for all to-, come
Lit and share them. . '¦..:'"¦.
At the present time not more than 10 or 15 per
,-
6
Do You Enjoy Comfort
¦ • ¦ i ,
A younar girl In Missouri was taken to
an Insane asylum the other day suffering
from the remarkable delusion that she U
compelled to felt on a redhot stove and
peel potatoes. She haa been working la a
hotel kitchen.
8pecial Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Townsend's California since fruits. 50c
a pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Butter scotch, butter logs, caramels.mo-
lasses buttercups. Townsend'9.63i>,Palace. #
Cream kisses. Townsend's, KS. Palace. •
Delicious pineapples at Townsend's. •
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend'a.*
Peanut crisps. Towns«nd'9. 639. Palace. •
Brazil and walnut candy. Townsend'a. •
AUCTION SAXES.
3j- Ooclder.tal Horse Exchang-e— Tuesday, August 14, at 11
o'clock. Horres. at 721 Howard street.
By O.ase & M«vlenha!l-Tb!s Cay. Horses and Mules at
17:2 Market street.
Columbia— "Heart s<»a»e."
Oirhfum— Vaudfville.
Grand C'p*>ra-h"use— 'TTie Middleman."
Ca!!fr^ii:a— --Th«» Night of the Fourth."
Tlvoli— -¦OthPllo."
Alcazar— '•The Country CM."
Oiyrnpia. corner Mat-on and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evcrirs.
Kifoher's — Vauii«*rllle.
Rprr*-at!cn Park-Baseball.
Sum Kath*-- Open Night*.
Stare Fair. Sacramento — September J to IS.
AMUSEiUENTS.
3: MONTGOMERY ST.
LOANS ,
ON DEFINITE. CONTRACT
w * inSTMLllMEnT rLAlf.,
112 S3 a month pays up a 11000 loan la 10
years; $20 SO in S years.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association,
No wetl rerulated household should b» with-
out a bottle of Dr. Slegrert'a Angostura Bitters,
the celebrated app«t!zer.
The Santa F» will sell tickets to Chlcars
and return on August 21 and 22 at tb« tctt
low rate of $73 SO. - rood for sixty day*. This
Is a very low rate and Is op«n for all. Tfcey
will tell you all about tt at «3 Market street.
"When yon travel? If you do. bny your ticket
tUi th« North*rB Paclflc R'y and rld» oa th«
••North Coart Limited " U>« mo«t {mrfaetly »p.
pointed train in America. Solid mtibuled and
lighted with Incandescent electric lights. Ob-
nervation car with a Ursa parlor for Udiea.
tourist oleeplns car finished In mahogany and
upholstered to oI1t« green leather.. Tn* only
line telllnc tickets dtrectlnto Tellowstona Park.
Ticket* to all points north and east at th» low.
•st rates. T. K. 6TATELER. C«a. A*t. (33
Market «t- S. F. - .Postofflce* Station? E Removed.
Branch postofflce station E has been re
moved-from the • corner of Third ':; and
Towneend streets to the corner of Fourth
and To wnsend streets in the railroad com
pany's building., '
Captain Frazier Sued.
Adam Mueller, a Bailor, filed suit yester
dny in the Superior Court against Captain
F. E. Frazier, quartermaster of the trans
port Sheridan, to recover, $10,000; damages
for malicious prosecution. I- Mueller, alleges
that Captain Frazier caused his. arrest on
a charge of theft. ' Mueller was acquitted
in the Police Court and now. charges that
Frazier caused his arrest through spite.*
In the Divorce 'Court.
, Cnrrie^E. Wilson was granted a -divorce
from Attorney J. N. E. .Wilson | yesterday
on the ground of desertion. - Mrs.; Wilson
was awarded v the custody,, or j her ? minor
child and $25 a month alimony. • Marv, J
Lundiu has been granted a divorce from
Oscar H.-; Lundin«on;the ground of ex
treme cruelty. v Mrs." Lundin was given
property on Elizabeth street, near Cas
tro, all moneys. in«bank ;and all of the
community property with, the exception of
J300. t Judge Daingerfieldinas granted Kate
Maria Cobb Judgment against her divorced
husband,, Edward 8. Cobb.' for ' alimony in
the sum of $25. a month. Suits for.divorce
were filed * yesterday '.-by u Annie* Tease
against John .Tease; for ifallure* to provide
and James J.\ Edmonds against'Adela" Ed
monds for, intemperance. - T -',-^
Watered Their Milk.
The trial of John Costa, driver for the
California Milk Producers* Association,
On the charge'of pouring water into his
milk cans was held before Judge Conlan
yesterday. He had three attorneys de
fending him. The case was put over Jor
argument till Monday. Frank Cronln,
driver for. Jewett Brothers, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a simi
lar etiarge and the case was continued till
Monday. • . • »
Will Write to the President.
It was stated that the Sterling Furni
ture Company had cheerfully accepted
the eight-hour rule of work for its help.
The Labor Council at its meeting last
night ordered the secretary to communi
cate with President McKInley direct re
garding the work cm transports at thi9
port. It was stated that Whelan Bros,
are employing scab labor on all of the
transports being fitted out in Ran Fran
cisco, to the detriment of united labor.
All unions In this city were instructed to
communicate through their Afflclals to
the President on the same subject. -
Military musicians once more came to
the surface for a share of the ¦; comments
of delegates. Communications were sent
and received from the musicians'" union
to General Shatter and the colonel of the
Third Artillery, whose bands are stated
to be the offenders, but nothing definite
was accomplished farther than a promise
to look Into the affair.
To-Day's News Letter.
Mr. Schuyler, the clubman, writes on the
shave question, comparing "Barbershop
Atrocities and Home-used Razors." Mr.
Tayler writes again on "Man and the
Clothes." commenting on the dress of
local society men and actors. The
Looker On has a dozen tales to tell that
will make society small talk for a week.
The editorials are as firm and the Town
Crier as merciless as ever.
ADIEU TO A SHRPIER
- WHO LEAVES FOR HONOLULU
ple of the Ancient Arabic
Order.
Honored by Members of Jslam Tem-
C. H. Comstock, a member of the An
cient Arabic Order of Mystic Shrlners of
Honolulu, H. I., who has been in this city
for a few weeks to learn of the doings of
Islam Temple in connection with the trip
of the Shrlners to the Paradise of the
Pacific, will leave for his home to-day.
Last evening the members of the several
committees having charge of the excur
sion and a few friends tendered Mr. Corn
stock a farewell banquet at the California
Hotel. The banquet commenced at 7
o'clock and terminated at 1 o'clock this
morning. .It was a pleasant gathering,
and all had a Jolly good time. Those
present were: J. D. Spreckels. C. S. Bene-,
diet. J. M. Curtis. George F. Neal, Thomas
Martin, William Pierce, J. H. Scott, H. D.
Loveland. J. A. March. James McCrossen,
C. C. Stallman. John Lee Jr.. F. H. Web
ster. H. B. Rehm, F. W. Titus. Hiram T.
Graves and Potentate R. P. Hurlburt.
This morning. there will be a meeting at
the office of the potentate to bid the dis
tinguished Shrlner good-by and a pleas
ant Journey.
A scandal has arisen in connection with
the trial before a. Jury of Henry, Schwartz
fpr violating the ordinance against pool-
Belling. It is openly charged by some of
the Jurors that Harry Baun of the Colum
bia auction rooms, 1015 Market street, was
tied up for the defense before he entered
the Jury room Friday night, and through
his efforts secured a disagreement.
The Jury after being locked up all night
came into court & few minutes brfore 7
0 clock yesterday mprnlng and In answer
to Judge Cabamss the foreman said tliev
had been I unable to .agree. The Judge
had no other recourse but to dismiss them.
*Ws A - Walker of 1610 Clay street, one ot
the Jurors, told the Judge that three wer»
for acquittal. They were Harry Baun
O. D. Mongola. 329 Hayes street? and J
F. Kingston. HO Fourth street. He made
certain statements as to the conduct ot
Juror Baun which he repeated to Cdiet
Suhl van. Captain Seymour. and Attorney
<~offey, who specially prosecuted. lie
said i . • - ¦ . - - v ¦
K^»f un J , reall8ft that Baun was bought
by the defense. The court definitely in
structed us to find upon the law and not
the fact, and conviction was the onlv
thing possible. The first two ballots to f
talned blanks, and Baun was | said to be
asleep. When he did vote he was seen to
?Jl te ? ot « ullt > <m Ms slip of -paper
When he came into the room he waved
his hand to Schwartz, and I suspected
then what was coming. I belie\-e, as do
most of the other jurors, that Baun was
bought. I stood up In the presence of the
other Jurors and made the charge ODenlv
and it was not denied. We sail we were
willing to be convinced if we were wrong
but Baun. and the other two refused to
aiscuss the matter with us." •.. ,
When Baun was being examined as to
hhvquallficatlons to serve on Uie Jury he
said that he did not know Schwartz, but
admitted, knowing Dan Crowley, the pool
seller. He promised to give a fair and
impartial verdict. Attorney Coffey Uu"d
have challenged - him; but all hfs chal
lenges had been exhausted. '
,. ch ' e *,'- Sullivan said after hearing
\\ alker's statement, that it waa ¦ too bad
such a thing should happen, but he did
n^ t ,, B . ee *i' hat sct'on he could take. "I
shall," said the Chief, "endeavor t6 pre
i' ent •'Recurrence of this experience. I
have^this afternoon appointed Sergeant
fJaughran specially to serve venires He
will prepare a t list from the assessment
roll of all available men as lurors nnrf
£M ! ? 3 ,; W1 S tma F. S P lllane an* <3im£
will help him in eliminating all whom they
have reason to believe are not acceptable.
Gaughran will have his list and can at
once select his; men. All we want is a
fair and^square deal, which we have not
got in the Schwartz case. There should
be some punishment for such a case as
that of Baun. if what is said is. true, but
1 don t know how to proceed at present "
case waa -called m Judge
Cabanlss* court again about 11 o'clock
yesterday morning and continued till this
morning, to be set for trial.-.The police are
anxious to get all the poolroom cases dis
posed of as snnnas possible., v^.-. ¦
Scandal Arises Out of Trial
of Bookmaker Henry
Schwartz
JUROR ACCUSED
OF BEING FIXED
BY THE DEFENSE
George Mendis. a sailor, was robbed of
H72 50 la-<=t Tuesday night. The woman
who robbed him attempted to cut her
throat and hang herself after her arrest,
end yesterday morning Mendis' dead body
was found with the throat x cut from ear
to ear, lying In a small storeroom In the
back part of the building at 416 Pacific
street. A razor was tightly clutiVexl in
the right hand of the corpse.
The building In which the ghastly deed
was committed is used as a boarding
house and frequently mostly by Portu
guese sailors. Mendis came down from
Eureka last Tuesday with nearly $200 of
hi* earnings and proceeded to enjoy life
on ehore among the landsharks. after the
manner of sailors generally. At the
boarding-house he feil in with a Portu
guese fairy, fat and forty, known as
Juana Lopet. The next day he caused
her arrest on a charge of grand larceny,
the sum stolen being $172 50. The police
found peereted In her room nearly the
whole of the money and held It for evi
dence on the triaL .
Mendis was very solicitous about his
money. He feared that the police grip
upon it would never relax and he so ex
pressed himself even after Sergeant Dono
van had assured him that his money
•would be returned to him immediately
after the trial. The sailor was very de
v «>ondent on Wednesday and Thursday
about the loss of his coin and told ManueJ
Lopez and George Santos that he intended
to kill himself. -
The woman, Juana Lopez, tried to cut
her throat with a penknife In a cell tn
the City Prison on Wednesday, shortly
after her arrest. She was then taken to
the Insanity ward of the City Receiving
Hospital and made two attempts to hang
herself there, so that the steward waa
obliged to put her In a straitjacket.
Mendle entered the saloon attached to
the boardlr.g-house about half-past 7
o'clock yesterday morning and took a
Sailor Mendis Kills Himself
While Despondent Over
Loss of Cash.
NEARLY SEVERS
HIS HEAD WITH
A SHARP RAZOR
drink. He then passed to the rear to a
small storeroom leading Into the back
yard and cut his throat from ear to ear,
the head being nearly severed from the
bo.Jy. Mendis was about 40 years old, a
native of Cape Verde Islands and un
married. A bankbook was among his ef
fects, showing that he had $200 on deposit
in the Hibernla Bank.
The woman was brought before' Police
Judge Conlan yesterday morning, but she
was not physically able to stand trial and
was sent back to the Receiving Hospital.
LEOPOLD STRASSMAN. an ex
convict and "dope fiend," fired
three shots at his old, almost blind
father. Dr. Max Stras^nan, yes
terday morning and although^ the wounds
ere not considered dangerous It is feared
that the old man may succumb to the
ehork to his system.
Strassman. owing to his criminal re
cord, hap been a stranger to his family
for years. His father, who is 75 years of
age and nearly blind, lived with his son
in-law, Joseph Pilger, at HIS Larkiri
street. Leopold had been seen hanging
around the neighborhood "for the past
week and Thursday he accosted his
house yesterday morning a few minutes
after 10 o'clock .and had walked onlv a
few yards when L*»pold, who was wait-
Ing across the street, ran toward htm
with a revolver- in his right hand.
He was • seen to say something to the
old man and almost immediately fired
three shots at him in quick succession.
The old man fell to the sidewalk and Leo
pold ran away.
The shooting was witnessed by G. E.
Carlson of 519 Capp street. John Tor
mey of 230 Fell street, G. H. Linbaum
of id Tehama street, and others.
They ran to the wounded man and pick
ing him up carried him back to his son
in-law's house. Drs. H. H. Hart and
Fitzglbbons were summoned and they
found that one shot had struck the right
ATTEMPTED MURDEB BY AN TJNNATTJRAI, SON.
temple, the second the right arm and the
third the fleshy part of the neck. They
did not consider any ot the wounds dan
gerous, but were afraid of the effect upon
his system owi*g to his advanced age.
The police were notified of the shooting
and Detectives McMalion and Crockett
were detailed on the case. With the as
sistance ofPoIiceman Herring they found
Leopold In a grocery, at ttee eornej: of
Bush and Lnrkin streets. They placed
him under arrest and locked him up in
the tanks pending th3 result of the old
man's in.iprlcs. When searched the re
volver with three chambers empty was
found in his pocket and also a file with a
sharp point and the (?i,d wrapped round
with heavy cord in the shape of a handle.
A package of opium was also found In
his pocket.
¦ He declined to make a statement as to
why he had shot his father. He acted
as if he were not in his right mind and
talked about his brother-in-law having
sent him a package of, poisoned candy
Thursday. He said he ate some of it and
nearly died and the rest he took to the
Board of Health office for analysis. The
statement was without foundation. He
al?o spoke bitterly about his brother, Ben
Strassman.
Leopold, who is a musician, 44 years of
age, first came to the notice of the police
In the beginning of 1SS2. He was arrested
under the name of George Wilson along
with a woman named Mary Collins on a
charge of grand larceny. April 22 he was
held to answer, but on June 2 the case
was dismissed in the Superior Court.
June 20 of the same year he was held on
two charges of assault to murder and on
July 22 he pleaded guilty to an assault
with a deadly weapon on the late Police
Sergeant Reeves and was sentenced to
two years in San Quentin. In March.
18S3. he was conditionally pardoned by
Governor Stoneman.
He branched out as a straw bondsman
and on January 30, 1S97. he was Indicted
by the Grand Jury > for qualifying on
straw bond*. A plea of insajiity was
raised and he was sent to the Ukiah
asylum. He was discharged about eigh
teen months ago.
brother-in-law and asked him for money
ns he had been unable to get employment.
Pilger refused and told him he was old
enough and strong enough to be able to
get money for himself. . • . :
It was the old man's custom, to take
a short walk' in the mornings feeling his
way with the aid of a can*. He.left|the
Leopold Strassman, Ex-Convict, "Dope Fiend "and
Straw Bondsman, Tries to Commit Parricide in
Broad Daylight and Is Promptly Arrested.
FIRES THREE SHOTS AT HIS
OLD, ALMOST BLIND, FATHER
The largest of the. artillery pieces in the
United States army were landed in San
Francisco last night. They are called
siege guns, and make up the armament of
Siege Battery O, Seventh United States
Artillery, which has been stationed at
Fort Riley, Kansas, but Is now under or
ders for China. They are used for the
purpose of attacking defenses on land and,
are constructed to do terrible damage,
throwing shells filled with high explosives
which scatter death and destruction for
large areas around where they etrlke. The
battery is composed of a five-inch siege
gun and a seven-Inch howitzer and a. sev
en-inch mortar. When in use these guns
are mounted on heavy wooden platforms
surrounded by fortifications made of sand
bags. . v
i A shrapnel fired from a five-inch siege
gun will burst into 500 pieces, which fly
with terrific force in all directions, and the
ehrapnel from a seven-inch howitzer
bursts into nearly 1000 pieces. To destroy
fortifications the live-inch siege gun is
used, as puch work calls for a straight
fire, and the howitzer and mortar are used
for angle firing, with the intention of
dropping a death-dealing projectile in the
midst mi the enemy'protected by forts.. To
handle these guns and to move them from
place to place requires a large number of
men and heavy draft horses.
Arthur J., Laleh died at the general hos
pital yesterday of chronic dysentery.
Sergeants Huston, Freshwater ¦ and
FIchet of the Sixth Cavalry received their
commissions yesterday as second lieuten
ants In the United States army. Second
LleJitenant Huston is assigned to duty
with the Tenth Cavalry. Second Lieuten
ant Freshwater Is assigned to duty with
the Twelfth Infantry, and Second Lieu
tenant FIchet goes to the Ninth Cavalrv.
F. M. Wall, 0. II. Stceckle, «. S. Dean,
F. C. Grlffls, W. M. Hoberta, W. H. Tefft.
J. W. Holland, T. J. Strong. C. C. Whit
comb. D. H. Umb, Li. A. Spfteth. Oscar
F. Davl.x, E. F. Slater, G. M. Van
Poole, W. E. Chapman, E. E. Lamkin and
R. B. Qrubbs, acting assistant surgeons,
will leave to-day on the steamer City of
Pekinp and will be assigned to duty in
the Philippines.
sives Used as Projectiles— Med
icos Needed in Philippines
Sail on Peking.
. . . . - - ¦ ¦-.
Shrapnel Loaded "With High Explo-
Terrible Destruction Can >Be
I Accomplished With This
Modern Battery.
CHINESE FORTS
TO BE BATTERED
BY SIEGE GUNS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL,^ SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
7
AJgTJSTnvrRjJTa.
COLUMBIAN
MATINEE TO-DAT.
To-Nlght. Next Monday, Tuesday and Wednes-
day Xtehts and Wednesday Matinee,
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
And a SPECIAL. COMPANY.
In the Romantic Comedy.
HEARTSEASE.
Kext Tttursday. Friday and Saturday Nights
and Saturday Matinee.
"The Adventuraof the Lady Ursula"
To-llorrow (Sunday) Night— Fourth 3er1e«
BURTON HOLMEo LECTURES.
Sut)Ject- M GRAND CANTON."
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATTPE. INVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine. •
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for ttie Senual Oreans for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Olseas^i of th« Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
223 Market St., 8. F.-(3en(J for Circular.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD a
CO. European plan. Rooms. aOc to tl &0 day;
$5 to tS week: ft to 120 month. Free baths: hot
and eoU water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all nUht.
STATEMEINT
-OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or VEW TORK. IN THE STATE 07 NEW
York, on the 21st day of December. A. D.
1S99. and tor the year and Ing on that day. aa
mad* to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to tn« Provisions
ef 8ectlons «0 and fll ot the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
mlaatoncr. ¦
CAPITAL^
AsBonat at Capital Btock. paid op In
C*sh (400,000 00
ASSETS.
Lo«na <m Bonds and Mortgages S14.S00 00
C»«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.0)2.1(0 00
Amount sf Loans secured fay pledge
•f Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
krtabl* securities as collateral 29.000 04
Cash Jn Company's Office 8.771 tl
Cash la Banks 11S.5S1 03
Interest due and accrued on all •
Stocks and Loans S.4M M
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 O
Tr*m turns Jn du» Course of Collec-
tion M.SS3 U
©\j» from other. Companies far R«-
tnsuranc* on lossea already paid... 9.41S W
Tatal Asaeta tl.431.S34 04
LIABTLmESt
Lasbcs adjusted antS unpaid S3S.42S 73
losses In process of . Adjustment or
in Suspense S3.MU M
liosses rested. Includtnf expenses.. ,«,»10 M
Gross premiums on Flm Risks run-
ning one year or less. £720.434 34;
reinsurance SO per cent 8S0.Z37 17
Gro« premiums on Fire Risks run-
nier more than one year. «J318.-
2M 65: reinsurance pro rata 138,996 SI
All other demands against the Com-
pany O.0M 01
Total LlabUltles 1713.933 *3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums OT4.1M 15
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 725 30
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources M.ISS .••3
Total Incom* 1SJ1.M0 TJ
* EXPEXTHTTTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Leases (in-
•Jflln* 142.333 93, loss?* of previous
years) !. ' 14**. 140 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 154.780 S4
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for offlcers, clerks, etc.... 18.374 U
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 23.743 n
All other payments and expenditures 63.5C0 Zi
Total Expenditures 1778,519 $7
FlraT"
LOSSES Incurred during the y«»r — J39.577 a
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year U8S.4O.094 X1.200.S35 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during th*
year I 135.580.508 S42.K* U
N«t asnount In force
December 31. 1»9... ' 139.23S.W3 L«a,74S .t9
GEa S. A. TOUNO. President.
WALTER 8. ALLEY. Secretary.;
Subscribed and sworn tf» before in*, this $ta
day of February. 1SC0- GEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California.
THOS. J. CON ROY,
Manager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SS. Corner California and San*ome Streets,
SAN FRANCTSCO r\L
THE WEEKLY GALL
$1 per Year*
DR. CROSSiVSAN'S
SPEGIFIG MIXTURE
For : \ the ; [Cure . of Gonorrhoea. Glee ts.
'£¦ Strictures and analogous complaints - :
". • - '"of ths Organs of ueneratlon;^ j
Price $1 a bottle, f For. Bale 'by druggists.
visit OR- JORDAN'S oheat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
r, ' Cm _g 1021 1U8ZXT n. m. s.?.ca.
C/^ : The L»rj?«t Anatomical Moseum In the
_f,VV > _ Wottd. ¦ We&luimok or a.-w contracted
2ES 9m disease pcsHtwrly cared by the oldest
myl SpeaallM on tht Coast Est. 38 yeart-
iTS. & m ' J08DAM--PBIVATE DISEASES
InjmR CoMultittoo froo and shri'-tly private
1 X£\&H Truimem prrson.iliy nr by letter. A
¦ -W , «S M . "•¦'« l « Curt In erery case ttaderuken. : .
I* U II S> Write for Book. PniLO*UPHi'«r
B - 1^ ¦ ¦AUBIA6E, , MAILED . FREB. 4 A
¦ ,' Q >,„¦ H' :i »alu»bl« book for mm J . , '". ., , .
OR. JOHD AN A CO., 1051 Market Bt.,8. F
Davol Medicine Co.. TO Ellis St., San
Francisco. Cal., Grant | Drug Co.. 3S& 40 Third st.
"AHOpp;BECTpBEB.a«SBf«K«.
Vltallzer. the prescription of a
*tR?£tt~&4 f*™ 0 * flench 1 .physician.'. will
quickly cur? you of nil ner-
BJgiWmaaBfflK ' v °us or diseases of the genera-
fi^X§r*tffSfy tlve orRansi. g uch a* Ixifit Mun-
V'SSr -""» £«? hoo<3 . Insomnia. J'ains In the
gKfF m rflB Back. Nervous Debility, Plm-
ItaJ .Ai<lWt Pies. Exhausting Drains, Varl-
mSJR cocele-r and ConstlDatlon^ . . It
>*— /mm T stops air losses by day^ or
nieht. Cupidene cleanses ¦ tha
liver, the kidneys and the urinary-organs of alt
impurities. Cupldene strengthens and restores
small weak onrans. s c —: ; ., :
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
In because JO per cent are troubled with Pros-
tatitiB. ¦ Cupideneithe only known remedy to
cure - without : an .- operation. -6000 testimonials.
A , written sruarantee given and ; money.- re-
turned "If- • boxes do not effect' a permanent
cure./ i|L0O a; box. 6 boxes for »5.00; by. mall.
Bend lor free drculnr and testimonials.^ 7 '
• .
To keep the skin clean
Is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not 'excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially.
' druggists/ all sorts of people use it. •
are overcome by lydla Em
Plnkham 9 s Vegetable
Compound,
Fifty , thousand happy
women testify to this len
grateful tetters to fflrs*
Plnkhamm ¦
Menstruation is a
sovqpq strain on a wo-
man's vitality, if it Is
painful something Is
wrong which
I Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
will promptly set right;, if
excessive* os* Irregular
write toMrsl Pinklmm,
Lynn, Mass., fornd'j'ce.
Evidence abounds that
Mrs* Pinkham's advloe
and medicine have for
many years been helping
wormsn to bo strong* No
other advloG Is so tin*
traryiagiy accsn^ato, no
other medicine has such
*t record of oziraw
%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; AMUSEMENTS.
B I yy BLJp j^,^ B #)T
MATINEE TO-DAT To-night, To-night, i
And To-morrow Night. And Next Week a«
\ Follows:
Rigoletto. Ottiello.
¦ And Next Week,
Tuesday, Thursday,. .Monday. Wedn»sJsy,
Sunday Nl?ht». Friday «nd Pnturday
• Saturday. Matinee. Evenings.
Week of August 20th. "TANNHAUSER" and
.' "MIGNON." ¦
Seats purchased for these operas for next ,
week can be exchans»d seven days ahead. b«-
elnnlnK next Mondny.
POPULAR PIUCKS— 15 and 60 CENT*?.
- Telephone— Bush 9.
v TO-DAT AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIMES DUNNE & BYLEY'S ALL
STAR CAST IN
•¦•TH^ NIGHT OF TJlt FOURTn."
To-STotrow Nigkt— Spee;»l )T»rewell Ferformaaos,
"RUSH CITY."
To-morrow Aft»rno«iT and Every Evening
Next Week Exceplns; Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEES Tuesday. Thursday.
Saturday and Sunday.
PALMER COX'S Celebrated Operetta,
THE BROWNIES IN FaHYLAND
Presented bv a Cast of J00 Professional Children.
N'Q AMATEURB In the Production.
miE USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Children tft any part of the house, at any
afternoon or c-vening performance, ISc.
Walter Morosco Sols Lesse* and Manarer
MATI.\EE TO-DAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. . ¦ ,
THE '.MIDDLEMAN !
THE GREATEST SUCCESS FOR YEARS.
MONDAY— A STAR CAST IN "TRILBT."
* - . Prices— 10c, ISc, !5e 60c.
A few front rows In orchestra. T5c
SATURDAY MATINEE-lOe. 13c. !5c. Sflc. J
Branch ticket offlc* Emporium.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
ONLY MATINEE TO-DAT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whlttlerey. ¦
1 COUNTJY GIRL
NEXT WEEK— Charlotte Thompson's
Comedy Drama,
"A SUIT OF SABLE."
BEATS. NOW RE ADT.
CHUTESanb ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, High Diver.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
SAPHO AND MONSTER
; CAKEWALK.
' . - Ordpr Seats by Phone— Park 21
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
¦",/•¦•' •¦'¦-•:¦:.• VS. "
Oakland
TO-DAY AT 3 r. M.
SUN DA Y AT2s3O P.M.
RECREATION PARK
. . Eighth and Harrison. Streets.
pTcpiipD»O CONCERT HOUSE.
.•VfyV". tt ° Admission 1O:.
The Ogdehs and Bertha Foltz 'in "The Right
•¦•, Stocking" : Eudora Forde.- Moli and Moulton.
. New,'Moving Pictures, , eto. Matinee Sunday.
"•¦, Reserved Seats. ; 25c. ;,-'¦' • - .,
SUTRO BATHS
OPENNIGHTS."
Open Daily From 7 a. ra. to 11 p. m.
--VV Bathinc From'T a,' m. to 10 p. m.'
¦-¦¦¦'-. ADMIPSION,- 10c. XHILDREN. 5c. '
Ba'hlntr. inciudinf; admlsKl(in.- 25r: Children. ?0e.'
ajm CM ICH CQTCR'S E N 3UIN
PENNYBPY^t PILLS
B J^^Tk. * ' ' '~ OrltUmM ««4 Only tirnala*. i - ¦•
>J<Jr^L '" CIIICUE.STEUS F.N(flSsj|
S^ SE««.« S th b!m rikb0 J- I a £* "° olhep - He"".*
rH TS3 ••¦••ttmtlon* u4 ImltSf
> I "/ -5 T XT. fo *¦••«"• ¦«? » f T Mr »ra«iM. t will 4e. ii .
. I J» V' A i n **K*J'", Part«e»Urs, Teatimoalats
-X L r tarn Mall. 1 0.OOO TwlmonUli. ».Mb>
E:-^PATENTS*-..3-i
%Se^pU^lARRETSL^r^*^ j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJSTTSEHTENTS.
MATIKEK TO-DAT (SATL'RDAT). Au?. 11.
Parquet, Kc, any seat; balcony.lOc; children,
10c. any rsrt..
The Kew Company a Crackajack !
BENNETT andf STEMBLOR,
Tn a Sketch by GKOHCIE M. COHAN*.
MEEKER-BAKER TRIO,
HOOKER AND DAVIS.
', JOLLY JOHN NASH.
Celma Rawlston. St. Once Brothers. Nicbols
Sisters, Blograph.
MR. AKD 1TRS. JOHN MASON (Katherlns
Grey).
of Rt3icii|g.
ExKibii^i Carhed iiFr£.e<-
Eke urs ion Rates JorVisiTors.
Vfnie .for particulars to
P^J-SM'ELDS, A.B.SPRECKELS.
SECRETARY. PRC5IDENT-
STATEMENT
-OF THB-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-07 THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or KBWARK. IN THE BTATB OT VEW
Jer5«y. on th* list day ef December. A. D.
ISM, aad for the year »n«11ng on that day. aa
mid* t» ths lnsuranct Commissioner of. the
5tatt sf California, pursuant to the provisions
uf Sections €10 and 111 of ths Political Cods.
condense* as per blank furalshed by tb« Com-
missloaer. .
CAFITAV
Avotsat sf Capital Stock, raid vp t*
Cask **».«• ••
ABSCTS). '.f-: -.¦'¦-
Real Estats owned by Company nTS.PW n '
Loans on Boads and Hartfafes 1.730,2*1 TS
Cash' Market Vain* of all Stocks
an* Boads owned fcv Company... 1.13S.TC* 99
Ca«h la ComiMiiT'i Office t.Z6S M
Cash la Ba«ks 11.681 M
Interest las and accrued aa all
Stocks and Leans..: 11 «• n
Intenst 4as and accrued on Bonds - '
• »< Wartnn* •¦ rt.ett ti
fntnlomi In «u« Ceursa ef Coll«e-
tion 143.W8 11
Bills r^tivablt. not Matured, taken
for Tire and Marine Risks IB.MT V
IttntB da* and accrued \ 1.501 3t
I>u* from stker Companies for Re-
insurance ea leases already paid.. T.M4 a
Tata! Aes*«s .fl.848.U4 Tl
* LIABIUTIES.
Lessee adjusled and unpaid IU.TI7 14
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense , 71.937 M
Losses resisted, lncludlnt; expenses... 1.000 00
Gross premlnms on Fire Risks run-
> nine one year or less. $543,903 ~i;
reinsurance 50 per cent... 174.451 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,123.-
437 oS: reinsurance pro rata 1.111.339 E3
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 4.547 8M
All other demands against the Com-
pany 13,537 »
Total Liabilities S1.6S2.S01 63
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for Fire
¦ premiums ..\ • -....H.0CJ.J55 'i
Received for Interest • on Bonds and
Mortgages .' 84.787 U
Received for lnter??t and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loana. and from,
all other sources SS.713 Zi
Received for Rents 1.797 11
Total .Incom* I1.152.8SJ 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firs Losses (in- ,
eluding $25,776 07. losses of previous
years) I3S3.299 IJ
Dividends to Stockholders ft 1. 630 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 117.818 42
Paid j for Salaries, Fee«. and other
charges for offlcers. clerks, etc.... 64.21111
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes -'• JI.94« S5
All other payments and expenditures . 63.157 s;
Total Expenditures S760.&3 3S
.''. . ¦ - . --' . ¦¦'.. •- Fire.
LOSSES incurred during th« year.. ..8448.570 M
Risks and Premiums. [Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' . .
. written > during the
year J2W.005.996 H.4J8.642 99
Net amount of Risks ¦ ,
. expired during the "
year 243,460.434 1.4«1,12S 17
Net amount in force
December n.lS99... ..S9.231.rn ?.WW$)
E.O.DOREMUS. President.
- .}>\ . ," - JAS. H. • WORDEN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this lith
dar of January. I960. ¦-•—.- -? ' .-..
HENRT H. DAWSON.
¦;.. »;>. t: :' ' ¦ Notary Public
TJHQS. J.CONROY,
(DtO. -V- BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner < California} and Sansome Streets,
. SaN. FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE LATEST I The L EAD I2R. n ARTISTIC The
p f . Photogra R hy ScHlptograph
I tie t$erllll 0 InreUe.
$3 . 00 Per Dozen //I /%F /^ J f Photography
POPULAR IN BERLIN, {$/ &/ , B 4& * $15.00 *
PARIS, AND' LONDON a 4*J§ / \^4$Sr per dozen
VieWS . , \J Am M/ri/^^ The Very Latest
Pacific Js /^ Carbons f a iwca
VOdSt J^ *y& ¦ . *• ' JUST BEINO INTRODUCED
- - ** . IndlUmS tothephoto<irap«ic
Scenery Jl A ,. - world bythis studio
J BBS- Relief $10.00 per dozen
1O1 r* e*j- j. «f» l-< • ' UNIQUE IN DESIGN
i«ol Post Street, San rrancisco. | and finish
SPECIAL SALE— PACIFIC COAST VIEWS— 6000' dozen, eize BxS (unmounted) 50c p«r down
t- — <IOOO dozen. si*« 8x10 (unmounted) fl.OO per dozen
Grand opportunity to present TSastem friends with California Views and fill your scrap books ¦w'th choice scenery.
Local Agent and Bureau of Information fiir. Tcsemlte Valley and Maripcea Big Trees.
<Eg3?WM<SsaSilB3BBHJujnfl^l?yEr^^Ky^
iWwmmbv same shape ran"Will Banquet Its President.
The Marine . Engineers' Beneficial Asso
ciation will tender a banquet this evening
to George Uhler, president of the National
Association of the order", in honor of his
visit to this coast. ¦ Mr. Uhler arrived on
Tuesday last 'and will remain a weefc- He
will depart for Puget Sound next week
and return home over the Northern route,
stopping at <he Great Lakes.
Christian Association Concert.
Friends and members of tho Touns
Men's Christian Association crowded the
auditorium of their building at Ellis and
Mason streets last night to hear a con.
cert of vocal, and instrumental music by
the Jubilee singers. The proceeds of the
entertainment, which were large, -will go
toward the running expenses of the asso
ciation:
DECORATIONS
WILL BE MOST
MAGNIFICENT
What the Committee Asks
to Enable It to Carry i
"Out Its Plans. f
The feature of the decoration of Market
street during: the Admission day celebra
tion will be the arrangement on both sides
of the. street, which will be placed under
the direction of Willis Polk," the architect.
It. will consist of an arrangement qf gar
lands, flags and bunting on each side pf
the thoroughfare strung from poles fifty
feet apart. The electrical display will also
be In the shape of side festoons. .-..¦"•
Redwood and Menlo' parlors have joined
hands to take part in- the celebration.
Ihese will have a float representing the
resources of San Mateo County. ¦
Stockton Parlor will come to this city by
steamer, which will be decorated and Il
luminated -wtih electric lights. The boat
win be the headquarters of the Stockton
boys during their stay in the city.
- The theatrical managers have contrib
uted $700 to the celebration fund.
Another fraternal organization has de
cided to take part In theparade; that is
the Independent Order of Foresters, which
war be represented by an emblematic
float.
During the coming week It Is expected
that advices will be received from a num
ber of the parlors of Native Daughters
that are to take part in the celebration. A
number of these will not take part In the
parade, but will have headquarters.
Dolores, the baby parlor of the Native
Sons, organized last April, will parade
eighty members In striking uniforms.
Nlantlc Parlor has named J. H. Ross
and San Mateo Parlor W;i F. Herbst as
aids to the grand marshal. .
The upper galleries of the Mechanics'
Pavilion will shortly decorated and
transformed Into headquarters for a num
ber of the local parlors. ¦
The celebration fund Is growing. Yes
terday more than $1500 was received. The
Bottlers". Protective Association has con
tributed $110. Tho Lick House has given
$150. • The executive council of finance 13
still urgent for prompt action by the busi
ness men in order that the required $50,000
may be obtained.
At .the meeting of the general commit
tee last night the decoration committee
presented a lengthy report setting forth
in detail the elaborate plan of decoration
of the city including- Market and Kearuy
streets and the peristyle at Lotta's foun
tain. The scheme requires 7200 yards of
garlands, 9000 small flags, 400 six-foot flag3
and twelve twenty-foot flags. The com
mittee asks for $19,998.
The committee on transportation re
ported that the California Northwestern
Railway Company will follow its usual
liberal policy as to rarest that the South
ern Pacific and Santa Fe companies will
furnish free transportation for bands
when accompanying one hundred Native
Sons to the celebration.
The committee on badges and regalia
reported in favor of a badge of special
design for the press.
The carriage committee reported that
California Parlo* will pay for all the car
riages they will use, enough to accom
modate two hundred and forty member*.
The committee on music reported that
the parade committee will require fifteen
bands. ________
veteran Firemen to Parade.
At a meeting of the Vetera,n Firemen's
Association, composed of veterans of the
paid Fire Department, last Tuesday
Georgre "\V_ Kennard, the president, stated
that the members had been asked to take
part with the Exempts and Sons of Ex
empts in the semi-centennial celebration
of the admission of the State of Califor
nia.into the Union and had been requested
to man the ropes of the pioneeer engine,
"Old f 49." He asked how many would be
in line. Fifty men- signified their.-willing
ness to respond. The president further
stated that a request had been made of
Chief Sullivan* to allow; members of the
association now in the paid department to
Join with them, but that in view of tha
ifact that the department will have sixty
uniformed men In the parade it would be
impossible to grant the request.
Died WMle at Work.
-Mrs. Smith, employed by the Code-Port
wood Company at Tenth* and Bryant
streets as * a fruit' peeler, dropped dead
while" at work yesterday afternoon. She
resided at Clipper and Church streets.
Death Is supposed ,to have been the result
of heart disease.
HOOT MONS BID
FAREWELL TO A
BRAVE OFFICER
Stag Party by the
C^ledoniaos to Colonel
McGregor.
Colonel Thomas McGregor of the Ninth
Cavalry has been for a. number of years
a. member of the Caledonian Club of this
city and no matter In what part of the
Union he was stationed he always made
it a &MVy to be present at the annual
g-r.rr.f t. As a mark of the esteem In which
iie is held by the members ho was a guest
at a stag party given In his "honor In
Scottish Hall last night, prior to his de
parture with his regiment for China.
About 3iO members of the club and eev
cral invited quests wero present. The
evening was a most enjoyable one.
Ciilel Angus McLeod presided and dur
ing- the testlvities he presented Colonel
McGregor with the following address:
On the eve of your embarking for far-<ustaat
•Chir-a. 10 £0 battle for the glory of our country
i.n . i'.— protection of our citizens there, W€.
vour leUaw clansmen 01 the CUedonlan Club
of Ban Francisco, take thU opportunity of ex-
I ressinj our esteem for you as a faithful mem
ber cf cur club and a tried and true eoldler of
the United Spates arir.y. We appreciate ' your
tterllnff worth as a typical Scotchman eo en
<5eartd to the traditions and customs of our
I Jatherlasid and M loyal to the flag that floats
! ever cur beloved and adopted country. You
»-::i please kindly cherish the thought that
¦whether "it be on the ocean or on the tented
field, the best wishes of this club and Its Indi
vidual members ffo with and abide with you
always. And irxy the god of armies and of
tattles protect you and briny you back to us In
rafety, when w« will receive you with open
¦«_-:.-.» &nd joyful hearts.
ANGUS McLEOD. C&lel.
ANDREW UcXAIF.. S«cret%ry.
£an FranciBco. Csl.. August 10. 1S00.
After reading 1 the address, which was
tieautlfully engrossed and bound in
leather, the chief said: "You will klndlF
take this »iemento with you. It only in
a small degree conveys to you the feelings
«ind sentiments of your brother members
of this club, who will always, during- your
absence in that uncivilized and most In
hospitable country to which duty calls
you, watch and read with anxious eyes
the cheering: report of your safe arrival
there and speedy return to us."
The colonel, in his brief, soldierly way,
returned thanks for the sentiments ex
pressed in the address and said that he
•would always, as. in the past, do his duty
to his flag and country. His men had
shown their mettle at El Caney and he
knew their fighting Qualities.
¦ Speeches appropriate to the occasion
were delivered by Andrew Wilkle, ex
president cf St. Andrew's Society; R. S.
Falconer, Y. C. Lawson, Will'am Mitchell
end others, and songs were sung by John
Smith. W. Kirby. Xeil Lindsay, Andrew
JIcNair. D. L. Fir.nle. Y. C. Lawson.
James R. Watson and others, while Neil
Lindsay and Ed Ross manipulated the
bajTplpep. and Gabol and Patterson the
cccordion and guitar. There was a lib
eral euppiy cf refreshments — liquid and
solid — and the enjoyable party broke up
after singing "Auld Lang Syne."
BURGLAR CAPTURED
WHILE AT HIS WORK
Sergeant Ellis Catches an Ex-Convict
Entering a Blacksmith. Shop on
the Water Front, jj
Sergeant Ellis of the Harbor Police Sta
tion, who has gained much distinction In
the department as a thief-taker, added
laurels to his fame last night by .the clever,
capture of Ed Russell, an ex-convict, who
was attempting to rob a blacksmith shop
at 3 Merchant street.
The lock had been forced from the door
early in the evening, and this was discov
ered by Ellis, when he made his. rounds.
The policeman then secured a good de
scription of the man who was supposed to
have done the job and started out to cap
ture him. j^ills met Russell on East
street and at once Identified him. He
did not make the arrest immediately, but
shadowed his man for some distance and
was rewarded when he found that he re
turned to the blacksmith shop and pre
pared to finish his job.
Russell was placed under arrest and
booked at the Harbor Police Station.
The police believe that he is responsible
for a number of attempted burglaries
committed In the commercial district
within the r>ast week. '
£ Louis Franci3 Brown delivered a lecture
at Metropolitan Temple last night on
"Japan Revisited." The lecture was given
under the auspices of the California Cam
era Club and was well illustrated with
Btereopticon views. A large audience wa3
in attendance.
Illustrated Lecture on Japan.
AMATEUR ATHLETES COME
TOGETHER FOR BUSINESS
Academic League Elects Officers and
Olympic Club Arranges for -a
Tour to Portland.
The representatives of the schools
forming the Academic Athletic League
met last night at the Olympic Club in
annual session and transacted some im
portant business.
After the election of the Mission High
School and the Healdsburg High School
to membership in the league, officers were
elected for the ensuing year. The new
board consists of Dr. William A. Brewer,
president; Brenden Townsend. vice presi
dent; F. M. Cattell, secretary;, Herbert
Hauler, treasurer. George Elliott was
elected a delegate to the Pacific Athletic
Association. •
It was decided to hold the fall field day
on October 18, and to make arrangements
for participation in the big Pacific Ath
letic Association field day which will be
held at Tanforan during the great exhibi
tion of the San Francisco and San Mateo
County stock show in September. Herbert
Thompson of the Ukiah High School was
elected track captain of the Amateur
Academic League team which will enter
these games.
The Olympic Club will send five repre
sentatives to Portland on August 2S to
take part in the Northwest field day be
tween the Olympic, Multnomah and
Seattle ahtletic clubs and the Young
Men's Christian Association of Portland.
On Sunday the Olympic Club will hold
a cross country, run from Mill Valley.
EMPLOYER AND WIFE
LOOKING FOR E. L DUFF
Missing Since Saturday Last and
an Expert Is on His
Books.
* Kcwsrd K. DufT. bookkeeper for Ben
jamin M. Gur.n & Co., the real estate
linn, has Dot been Men by h!s employers
r.nr fc!s wife since last Saturday. An
expert accountant is examining 1 the
books, but Benjamin M. Gunn denies that
any defalcation has t,c-en discovered so
far as h'.s knowledge goes.
Among Duff's acquaintances aJong:
Montgomery street two theories in ex
planation of his disappearance are held.
Some argue that he had become Involved
in ftnanciaJ difficulties through a recentlv
developed tendency to be sporty, and
fparir.g detection, he sought safety in
liipht. The other theory is that he has
<loped v.-''b. a married woman, a tenant
of the linn. In rhom he Is said to have
become interested of late.
Duff Fper.t last Friday night at his
home. 1214A Vermont street, with his
tvlfe and daughter, a child three years
old. He worked Saturday as usual, but
did not return home in the evening and
rone of his acquaintances or relatives
have f-ecn him since. ¦
"I am unwilling to make any state
ment." Benjamin M. Gunn said last
evening:, "until the repprt of the expert
Fhows whether there is anythin"
•wror.p with the books. I know jthat Duff
has been drinking a little of late, but
otherwise he was a young man of ex
emplary habits and excellent character.
a he young woman with whom his name
has been coupled by gossip is said to be
In the country with her husband."
Mr*. Duff denies indignantly that any
woman can be concerned in the case, as
her husband has been a model of kln-J
r)es5. and no trouble had ever occurred
between them.
REPUBLICANS URGED
. TO LIMIT PROXIES
Democrats Will Designate September
7 as Time for Holding State
Convention.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee is sending out letters to county organi
zations advising that the delegations
elected to* the State convention be com
posed of men who will go to Santa Cruz.
Proxy representation is not encouraged,
but the committee suggests that If prox
ies must be given, they be issued only
to residents of the county in which the
elected delegates reside.
The Democratic State Central ,Commlt
tee will meet to-day and adjust some ques
tions pertaining to the "election of dele
gates to the State convention of that
party. Before the Supreme Court decision
on the primary law was rendered, the
committee issued a call designating San
Jo*e, August 30, as the place and time for
delegates to assemble. The committee to
day will probably designate September 2
as the time. There will be no change or
programme in respect to the place of
meeting.
The Republican County Committee will
meet \fi executive session to-night, and
renew the discussion of plans for holding
a primary election to choose delegates to
State and local conventions.
CAUGHT WHILE TRYING
TO FLEECE A STRANGER
Harry Walters, the King of Bunko
Men, and His Pal Again Landed
in Prison.
Harry Walters, alias Anderson, alias
'The Goat." and Edward Price, well
fcnown bunko men, -were arrested yester
day by Defectives Ryan and Dillon and
charged with vagrancy. They were seen
on Stockton street trying to rob Jose M
Castro, a recent arrival from Chile, by
one of their time-worn tricks.
Walters, who is known as the king of
bunko men. attempted to show fight, but
he was quickly subdued, and, with his
partner, was landed in the City Prison
Only a few days ago Walters was be
fore Judge Cabanlss, charged with va
erancy. and notwithstanding that the
evidence showed that he was a notorious
swindler the case against him was dis
missed. Judge Cabaniss even went so far
as to severely criticize Corporal Egan for
arresting him. Since then Walters has
l>een paradlner the streets, defying the po
lice and claiming that his "null" with the
Police Judges would Gave him from going
STRUCK BY A BICYCLE
AND SLIGHTLY HURT
"William P. Sullivan, father of Chief of :
Police Sullivan, while crossing Market ;
and streets last evening, was v
knock'ed down by a bicycle ridden by
Charles Cutlar. aged 15 years, who is em
ployed &p the Emporium. Xotwithstand
ing his advanced years Mr. Sullivan, after
regaining his feet, seized Cutlar and tak
ing out his police whistle blew for help.
Several friends of the bicyclist started to
rescue him, but they were driven back
by the old man.
Detectives Harper and Armstrong came
on the scene and they placed Cutlar un
der arrest. At the £lty Prison he was
charged with battery.
Mr. Sullivan fortunately escaped with a
bruised arm and a slight laceration of the
nose. - • , '
Builders' Contracts.
Teresa Frarwll (owner) with L.. Itavant and
A. Curran " (contractors), architect Nathaniel
Blalsdell— Plumbing,'*' gas fitting, tiling and
eewerlne for a two-story j basement and attic
frame building on' N line of - Vallejo street,
131:10»4 W of Bcott, W 40 by N 137:6, W. A. 463;
11100.
It. R. ' Thompson (owner) with ¦ Thomas W.
Butcher (contractor), architect G. W. Percy —
Brick work for additional story to Second
street wing of building on N corner of Sec
ond and Bryant, NW 181. NE 125, BE 35, NE
125. SE 146, SW 2M; $2900.
Same owner with' William Knowles , and
George Relchley (contractors), architect same —
Extra carpenter work for same on same; I2SS2.
Mrs. S. Orra and A. Orra (ownwn) with 1 A.
Hurthere (contractor), architect Jules CJodart—
All work for a frame cottage over • an unfln
l5hed.basement on NE line gf Eighth avenue
south. 275 NW of M Btreet s.outh. KW 25 by
NE .100. part lot 56, block 1 129, Central Park
inmoFtfml; $1925.
Irvlnj? Watson (owner) with Paul . Mag-ner
(contractor), architect — ¦ — .—All ¦ work except
mantels, iron fences and gates, front sidewalk
and gas fixtures for a one-story frame cottaga
on E line of Harper Btreet. 193 S of . Thirtieth,
25 by 123; J1675. '
NATIVE MiSSOURIANS
ORGANIZE A SOCIETY
. •- , — ,
A number of native Missourians*gath
«re<J at the residence of W. A. Jacobs.
£15 Pierce street, last ufght and organ
ized the Missouri Society. '
The following officers were elected:
President, Ju<1»?e Eugene A. Brldgeford;
first vice president, Tirey L. Ford; sec
ond vice president. Frank H. Short;' thini
vice president. Mrs. James Farts of Sac
ramento; secretary, R. O. Osborn; finan
cial secretary. M. L. Spencer; treasurer
\V. A. Jacobs.
Amcr.p- those present were: Ex-L!eu
tenantvGovernor W. T. Jeter, Frank H
Short. Mr. and Mrs. K. A. Dridgeford'
2Jr. and Mrs. Tirey L. Ford Mr. and Mrs'
J. II. McN'utt, Mr. and Mrs. R. o. O3
ljorn. Mrs. James Farls. Dr. and Mr" j
A. Simpson, Dr. and Mrs. R. B. McN'utt"
Mr?. 11. L. Westdver. M. L. Spencer*
Misses Nellie and Carrie Blakey, Dr. and*
Mrs. E. XT. Thomas. Mr. and Mrs. Walker
C Graves, Mrs. JrwCn P. Biggs. Dr. and
Mrs. P. IS. liuF.sell. Mrs. Anna X. Steven
con. Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson G. James and
others. • < - > .
Hall of Justice Tangle.
The Hall of Justice tangle is far from
being: settled yet and it was learned yes
terday by Auditor Wells that Batemaon
Brothers, the original contractors, have
re-fused to sign the document : releasing
the cit> from all claims that may arfse in
trie future on account of the contract
¦w-hich th<»y forfeited. They wilj not sign
the compromise demands of the sub-con
tractors either and as a consequence the
lunds have a train been tied up.
The American Working Man.'
Much comparison has ben made between : the
endurance of the Chinese ; and the /American
working . man. Those with authority ., to > ?p» ak
cay that the averare working man of r America
Is as superior <o the - Chinese 1 as Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters Is to any other dyspepsia cure.
The Bitters doen'not claim to cure everything,
but It does cure constlpatUn, lndleestlon, ' dys
pepela, blllouuneso, liver and kidney t troubles,
and prevents malaria, fever and ague. - .-.*-,
The eentlment of the parents In - the
vicinities of the Grant and Pacific Heights
Schools is simmering and next ; Tuesday
evening it will be given an opportunity
to boll over at a mass meeting to be held.
In Franklin Hall on Flllmore street, near.
Bush. - . ¦ -*:
The mass meeting will be. under the
auspices of the Western Addition Im
provement Club. It was decided upon last
evening and to-morrow the calls _wlll gp
out. Parents who have children affected
by the order of the Board! of Education
will be" asked to give their views on the
situation, and it -Is more "than likely, that
some definite plan will be decided upon
to procure the running of the schools to
suit the interests and wishes of the neigh
borhood and the convenience and welfare
of the children.^. --, - -•
A mass meeting: had been under discus
sion by several of the citizens of the dis
trict, but nothing definite had been de
cided upon. There was plenty of feeling
In the district, and some parents> had
even g-one bo far as to say they would
send their youngsters to a private school
sooner than send them up .the hill to the
Grant, or -'out 'Into -the suburbs to the
Emerson. And the - feeling was made
doubly bitter by the fact that'close to the
heart of the district is the Pacific Heights
School, a modern building and heretofore
suitable in every way for children of all
agres. . -
Many of the parents are members of the
Western Addition Improvement Club, and
so the mass meeting will be one of club
and parents combined with- any one else
who will take interest euough to come.
The children 1 * Fide of the matter will be
presented by, the parents, and members
of the board or supporters of Its party
will be heard In defense of the, shifting: or
the pupils. .'¦•;. ¦ - ¦ '-•£¦¦
Among the speakers will be Arthur G.
Towne, Judge Van R. Paterson, Julius
Webster and William Ross. The members
of the board and Superintendent Webster
and his deputies have been invited to at
tend. As 250 families have been directly
affected by the'decision of the board a
large attendance is expected.
Superintendent Webster received the
following enrollment yesterday from Miss
Alice Stincen, principal of the Pacific
Heights School: . ¦ •
Advanced eighth grade, B5 pupils: advanced
eighth 25 and eighth 25,- total 50 pupils; eighth
65, eighth 25. seventh 27, tdtal 62 pupils; seventh
65, seventh 55 pupils: seventh 30. sixth 23, total
53 pupils: sixth 65. sixth 55 pupils; sixth 65
pupils; fifth 55 pupils; fifth 43. fourth 10. total
C3 pupils; fourth 45. third 7. total £2 pupils;
third 53 pupils; second 50 pupils; first 51 pupils.
Mr. Webster says that the enrollment
aggregates 8o4 pupils, which is largely in
excess of the accommodations of the
school, i There are but fourteen class
rooms in the school and to accommodate
sixteen classes, as shown by the returns
t)f Miss Stincen, will necessitate the use
of a dark room in the basement and a
room now utilized a3 a cloak room by
teachers and pupils. Mr. Webster says
that the school will only accommodate
750 pupils comfortably.
It was reported around the district last
evening that the order of the board had,
in a measure, been rescinded, and that
primary pupils would again bo allowed
into the Pacific Heights Schools. Director
Denman denied the report, however, and
said that the district would quiet down In
time and the trouble would end. \ v
i. _ .
People of Western Addition
Take Up the School
• Question.
HAVE CALLED A
MASS MEETING
OF THE PARENTS
ELECTED PRESIDENT OF
THE DENTAL EXAMINERS
THE SAN FBAifCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
DR. GEORGE I. DRUCKER was elected president of the State Board of
Dental Examiners yesterday. He was formerly secretary of the board, %
taking that position after the death of Dr. Moore and serving until yes-*
terday when he was elected to the higher . place. Dr. G. S. Backman,
formerly president of the board, was elected secretary to succeed E>r. Drucker.
At the session of the board yesterday, sixteen candidates were examined. , The
following passed the examinations successfully: O. S. Deane, Sacramento: B.
W. Perkins. San Francisco: J. E. Rogers, Eureka: J. J. Dfckover, San Diego:
J. W. r>obblns. Nevada City: G. Newklrk, Los Angeles; C. S. Noble, San Diego.
DB. GEORGE X. 'DRTJCKER.
Photo by Shilling & Co.
8
x —
Total Expenditures $3.316.0S3 60
Losses Incurred during the year. $1,331,743 52
GEO. F. SEWARD, President.
HENRY CROSSLET, Acting Sec*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27th
day of March. 1900.
GEO. W. VARIAN, Notary Public
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing J . losses of previous
years) $1,597,890 80
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .-•. 912 330 38
Paid for Salaries Fees. ¦ and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc *18,1W 41
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes... 89.018 95
All other payments and expenditures 448.733 cs
Total Liabilities J2.463.139 94
INCOME. ;
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,431,814 40
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 53.434 53
Received for Rents B9 31J 71
Received from all other sources \i,~il 25
* Total income .$3,591,333 86
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 1250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company eo 139 34
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2 370 529 30
Cash In Company's Office 26JS39 04
Cash in Banks ...<. 109,610 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.352 59
Premiums in due Course of Collection " 338.560 65
Rents due and accrued.. ' 1,553 71
Reserve reinsurance deposit 22^197 45
Total Assets .$3,440,653 78
LIABILITIES. £-,
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense $192,837 37
Losses resisted, including- expenses.. 5C4.3S5 71
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning one year or less, S ; rein-
surance EO per cent... 1,529 $32 $4
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning more than one year, t ;
reinsurance pro rata 206 957 41
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
«tc a.; > 23,698 cs
COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OK NETV
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D
1S99. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code '
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. .'- '.'¦ -
Fidelity I Casualty
—OF THE—
—OF THE—-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
BATLBOAD TBAVELw
SOVTHKR.1 PACIFIC rO9IP_2IT.
IriCiriC STMTCM.)
, (Main Uoo. root of Market Street)
HUT1 - WlLOU JP1.T 13. 190Q. - AM1T ,
•7:0O a BenieU. SuiauD. Elmir». Vac&Till_ '
— «_ R«u_wy ami _uwmiiimno. . . «7»4a-
•7:OOA8h«8U Express- D»Tla, Williams (fof
BartleM SprinpX WUlowmT^
Blufl. PortUndT. _ •7,4-»-
•7i3O A Mvtlnw, H»a lUnran. V_le]a l ** T
C»lUtog«. »u«l hunt* Kau. •ail.
•*:»«a DmTis, Woodland. Knlghu L»ad_i'
Mwytf Ille. Orot ille „ *' . 7j g .
•»i««* Atlantic Kipress— Ofden tod h*it 'llrir.l
lone. H»er»ineQt<>. PUct-rTiUo'
•8i8»* Oakdale, Chinese (few YosemiteX
Uonora, Carten. ¦. M:l.1p
•iliOrt* Htjwards, Nllts »ad W»j Sutlont. M itl5 A
•JliOtt a. Los Angeles _xpres» — lI*rtin-».
Tncj. I_throp. tiloektoa. Mmaed
»dnwno *«i45?
•9:SOa Vallejo. M*rtla«* sad Way Stations *3ilV
»!«!•«* Tho Oferland Limlted-Ojdeu. Dea-
»er. Onaahft, Chicaga *3sl.1r
•11:00a NUe^ IJiermnre, HtoektoD. 8aer»-
mento, ManUot*, Ilanford, VlatU*.
l'orterTlllo •Islir
•I SiAOir HtTwtrdt. Silt* and Wtj 8_tion». •¦*: in t
tt:«Or Sacramento Klier 3te»aiers f3:0»A
•3:OOp Ilaywuds. SW-% »ad Way 8utlona. *9s4.1p
¦4>»«r Martium. H»n Itamot.. 'ValU]o.
N»p», «;*INtoK»> s»,,t, itoaa *»il1»
•JiOOr Benlda, Wlnten. Baoramento,
Woodland, Knights I.andlnj,
MarrsTille. Orovllla *IO:4.1*
¦4iS«p Nlles. HiaJowud Stockton *7il."»r
M:O«rTli8 Owl Limited— Trmcj. Tnmm
Bakersfleld, 8aa jn» for Santa ISar-
bara, Los Angales. °9rl3«
•SiOOfFtwioo Paaseoger— Martinet. Lath-
rop. Btockton. Meree.l, Bereoda
(Kaymnnd (or YoaemiteX Krmuo.. *ta>l3r
*S>«*rNew Urleacf _zpreaa— l—kenileld.
Haiita Barlrars, I^os Angsle*, I)e_*
log. El Pmo. Nsw Oriaaus sod
Kast •S14.I4
•<J:OOp Baywafda. Nile* and Baa Joss. »7».«:»»
1l»:OOp Vullnja •i3il.->r
•»i,o«r Oriental Mall-Os;!en. Cheyenne,
Omiha, Chicago *11:43«
•«:00r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, Chicago*. MilSr
J7i«Op Vk'.IiJo, Port C'oata and Way Ht»-
tlona. „ }»:.V-l r
•»iO3p Oregon and Calirornla Kii»r_»,Hao-
niinfluto, Marinfille. CetMIng,
r»rtUn,l. I'HgBt Moim.l and Kani *Wiin»
. COAST l>l VISION (5arrnn <Jaaf(e).
(Foot ot Murkrt Ltreet.)
{7:43a tisnta Cn_ Eicunlon for Bant*
Cnu and Principal Way Stations Jft:«5p
•«« I a a Newark. C>titer»lllr.8»n Ji_e. Frlton.
BouM-r Crrak.Hauta Ornz and Way
Button* *S:2»r
fSilSr Hewark. UeiiterviUs, San Jose, New
. AlrnadrtD, Felton. llouMer Creek,
Han'a Cnu and Principal Way
Station* •¦••no*
Mtinp Newark. H»n Jose. I^m Gatos t*'-" 1 "*
q«:l3r Olenwood. Felton. 8anU Cwn. ...... «H;3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSIX FIAUWCa— FMt »r I.ti.t Slre.t (Jli» J) —
•7-18 9:00 11:00a.M. Jl:03 •J:;3 13:03
•4-C3 JS:C3 •«:3:r.ii.
rria01IUI9— fHltrirtW*!?.— *A:00 0:00 lOOOtu.
t»:CO '1:83 ti:OJ »1:C3 |s:C3 'jiOOr.u.
COAST IMTI.KIO.f (Rraad (ion).
(TblrJand Townseml Stt.)
t6: 1 Oa Ocean Vlaw, Sooth han Frauclscn . 1A:3up
f7iO«A Han Jose ami Way BUtiuim (New
Alinatlen Wmlntidiyi only) *l>SOp
{7>8Oa Snnday Zzeursion f .r H»n Jose,
_ Santa Cruz, Paeillo Gioto and
rricdpal Way Station* a 1»i13»
•BiOOa Ran .li>«e. Tr<w Pluoa. HauU Cret,
Paellle tiro.e. run Itobloa. Has
I.nla OhUp«. Surf, Lompoo and
rrineipal Wai Buttons MitOr
•«•••••* 8aa Jose and Waj SUtloiig •«i3."»i
*IIiSOa ManJose.LosGatosandWaySUtlona a 3<20p
13: 15r San Mati-o. lUdwcxxl, Meolo Pafk.
Palo Alto. S— lUCJara. San Ji««.
Tres Plooa. Santa Cms, Salloas,
Montsreyand l'aal He Grove tlOi!«n
f3iS0p San Jote and Wa» Stations "Ijartp
t f : ISr Baa Joioaml Principal Way gutlnni *9i43a
(5:i>«p 9§n Joa«, Loa Gatos and Principal
Way SUtiona t!):O«»»
••1:aor San Jose and Principal Way SUtions t»:33 a
•at30p San Jcse and WayHtatinus |H-na.
tlli4.%r San Jew and Way Statlnna »7i3<»r
. *- A toT Mornln «- P tor A ftenioon.
¦ Daily. f Sunday eieepted; J Snnday only
biHtorday only,
a Saturday and Sunday. « Similar and Monday.
CALIFORNIA RORTBVESTEBn BY. CO.
___i^^7 CtTPTII
SAHj FRAHCISG9 AND NORTH PACIFIS -
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttturon Perry. Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"*?^ K r « AY tr 7:S0> 9:C0 ' W:0 ° »- m - B-B*
l ?°*\ 6 J} 0 ' t:3 ° "• Thursdays-Extra trl» -¦-.,
at 11.-J0 o. m. aaturdays— Extra trips at 1:&>
ami }i:30 d. m.
ei i^P-i'^~ t:t9 - 9:S3 - " :0 ° *¦ ¦»•! »=*^ *:**>
»>njo. »:_i> d» m. *• - • - ¦-¦
-__SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DA^?— «:10. 7:50. J:SO. 11:10 a. m.- 12:43.
»:40. 5:15 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and 6:33 o. m.
SyNDATS-8:10. 1:40. U:» a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
5:06, 1:25 p. m.
8an Francisco and Scbuetzen I»artc
•ame schedule as abova.
Leave J In Effect. I - Arrtre
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Frandscov
%Veek I Sun- I 1 gun- 1 Week
Da7s. I days. I Destination.! days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 •_ Novato. :0:40 ami $:40 am
8:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:06 pm!10:2S an
8:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj »:_ pm
Fulton.
t:JO am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton. •
Geyservtlle.
8:S3 pm 3:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:S pm 6:10 pra
T.SO am] I Hopland | |W:S3 *m
I SO pm| 8:00 ami and UkUh. I 7:35 pm! «:20 pin
7:30 am ~~~ ' 110:35 am
8:C0 am GuernevlIIe. 7:35 pm
l:S0 pm *:I3 pra
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 3:15 am S:40«m
and i
(:19 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm( 8:39 pm
7:30 amy8:C0am| 110:40 amiia:» arn
8:30 pmj 5:00 pm( Sebastopol. ) 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Staves connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Bprines and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyserrlU* for Skagas Springs: at Cloverda!»
for the Geysers: at Hoptand for Duncan
Spring. Highland Spiinrs, Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Sprinsa, Saratoca
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel DH1 Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potfr Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Her ley's, Bucknell's.
8anhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort • Bragg. 'West-
port. UsaU Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins;
Bell's Sprinn. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. «S0 Market St.. Chrontcle bldg.
H. C. WHITINO. - R. X, RTAN.
General Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIO RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausatlto Ferry:
WEEK DATS*r..9:TO a. m.. 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS...... 8, 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:SO p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEV
':VJ' r "Tk - >r _G iI)^on's Dispensary,
sL*Ytt$% U EAfiXTT ST. KstaDllsned
_fl4 Ji_O fn 1Sa * tor the treatment of Privata
SiM_V **£f nl ' 1 « as «'». Lost iIanho«Kt Debility or
E>?5|2w€)3» disease "»earingon bfxlyand mind anil
*S*PKl?a *K!n Dl«eaaes. 7 ni€ doctorcureswueii
OBBHjBHH others falL Try him. Char?e« low
iililM TT|-i_1 1'm r Him i mill i I CallorwritA
Or. J. _ . _ 1BUO.V. Box 19a7.San Fraociaco
V^QNE DOLLAR PER YEAK
Aliments of Men
Speciali'sfs
Dr. Meyers & Go.
<731 Market St., San Francisco.
ilerlco In the l_st nine years has dou-
bled its revenue?, doubled its exports.
doubled the number of its factories and
taulUphed by three Its banking capital.
¦ 7 • : ; *_•_ _ I AD V __t_is_____rx s.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of •£_ A _ < ?^gr_>
V«ry •¦— — U * _sl a» ••ay
'ts>ta_BMS«ga_
[CARTERS FOR OIZZIMESS. SEE
HlTTir FOR BILIOUSNESS.
GENUINE \W VER "» torpid liver. GENDINB
II p| I K FOR COMSTIPATIOH.
WKArrllK gftBgS_jFORTH_coMPL_xioa "KAntK
__^_i£2S_^_St_^---S-:
PACIHC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C PARDEE,
Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE-BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ..
V XATLEOAD TBAVEL.
S0RTI1 PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Cemmendng April 21. 130*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE1
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00, •8:30, 9:J0. 11-ftj - _,•
U:«. »l:45. 3:15. 4:15, •5:15, 6:15. 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS—For Mill Valley and *Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. ""***¦
SUNDAYS— 7:C0, •8:00. »9:00. •10:00 ll'OO 11 -sa
a. m.; '12:45. »l:80. 2:30. •3:45. : 5:00. «:OoL 7:28
p. m. .' .
-11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:S5. ••:*», 7:&0.'8:40. •{?_?_:
in.; 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. t:3O. i:30. 6:30 S m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. \?ednesd_«
and Saturdays at »«:45 and 10:20 p. ™ eM *'"
SUNDAYS— 6:15.' »S:0O. »9:50. •11:00a. m • •i»^«
M-^ljOO. 2:15. 4:!0.«5:45. e^TfiiloiS
Trains marked (•) start from San" Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANnqpA
WEEK DAYS-«:53. 6:45, 8 :0O VjLio?^
m.; 12:35. 1:45, 2:45. i:30. 1:50 620 d m *"
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wed?i_».
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 n _S nes<Uy '
BUNDAYS-6:33, 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 7^. «.,«
1:20. 3:30. 3:43. 4:53. 6:15. 7:05. 10-30 pf-i. 13^
¦j-[ ¦ THROUGH TRAINSL ° K
til™ *" "^ We<! day *-° a * a<le ™ *ad way ««-
_2ns 5 . "* Bat^ nJa3r^ C " adero *«»<» way ,t_.
_«:15.n. m. weekdays (Saturdays excectMi—.
Point Reyes and way stations. «*eepted)-
t| W0,_.m. Bundays-Cazadero and way rt*.
itatiS-?*- "¦ * Sun<u^— I> «'tat Rt- *a* w«,
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS. ""
.-¦¦•--, MARKET-bTREET FCJIRY.
I^ave: Ov." 1^: Dally forCblca- Arrive- *
- |^ Kansas City. Denver ¦'
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of ¦ Mex- .
»eo, Prescott and Phoe-
8 a. m v, X> ,. Arl2 r* BakersHeld.
?"% Tulare - Hanl « P- m.
' " J.° r \. Fresno, Merced. •
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
. ard and Tourist- Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
I** between Stockton
--¦--. and Bakersfield. ... ;
4-lOn m l 81^^ 011 L 1 ***^ For , San
4.10 p. m. Pablo., Pinole, Mulr. Bay 11:05 a. mf
£?K? tr £, c ?, rnwaU ' AnU- •
'och:and Stockton.
tBakersfleld Local: For San Vr '
• Pablo. Pinole. Muir. Bay
• o ™ Po 'nt. o Cornwall. AnU- :
s p. m. och. Stockton. Merced. S a." m.
Fresno. Hanford. Vis£
. lla.jTulare and Bakers-
¦'¦"¦ -i 11 * 1 . 4 -^ Sleepers to Fresno v
Bakergfleld. \
«.-;_ T JCKET OFFICES: r 628 - Market rt.
Ferry Depot. foot of Market St.. San Frrnclsco.
111S Broadway, Oakland.
/ UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
-o'f the—' i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
Transatlantic Fire
. ' INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE S1ST
day of December. A... D. 1S99. and for the
year pndinc on that day. as made to the In-
surance CommlKloner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant, to the provisions of sections 610
and Cll of the Political Code.. condensed as r«r
blank fumUhed by the Commissioner: : ¦ -v
ASSETS.
.Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company.. $627.346 25
Caeh In company's office 3.361 10
Cash in banks ....; 60 362 21
interest due and accrued on all stocks
- and • loans .."........ • 72538*
Certificate of, deposit in hands'"of '
trustees .87 000 00
Premiums In due course of coliectVon'. 95|062 02
Due from other companies for- rein-- c
¦ surance on losses already paid 533 24
Total assets .....$830,928 63
' t.1 ABILITIES. ¦'•'¦ -¦.'..¦"¦ :'
Losses adjusted and unpaid.....;......! 33 419 '72
Losses In process of adjustment or In ' .
suspense v...... 44 Tig 01
LoBses resisted. Including expenses!!'! -i 804 38
Gross premiums on fire risks running '•¦¦•-
one year^ or less." $425,214 52; rein-
~ surance 60 , per cent . . .............. 212 607 36
Gross premiums on flre rlfks running "
more than on« year. $250,531 66; rein- v ' ¦ '• ">
- surance pro rata ................. 144 in in
Commissions ¦ and brokerage due "and
to become due;..' ........•,.- tl,m 26
Total liabilities .'..'.:$46g.56S S9
iNCOsra :
Net cash actually received for flr«
premiums!.......... .;....... ¦- $55715089
Received for Interest and dlvidends'on
¦•,:, bonds, 1 , stocks. ; loans,: and from all'
'.other sources .'......;......,. .,....,
Received from home office ......!!'.!!'.!! S6!o37 60
Total Income ....„.......;........ ."JwTttzU
EXPEXDTTURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In- '
. eluding $S6,999 54. losses of previous -.* i "¦¦¦' ¦^
V years) c^... •••-...........,.'... ....'.. $409 773 7S
Paid or allowed for commission or '
' brokerage ............................. _» 79* 91
Paid for : Balarles. fees /and : other -
charges for ; officers, clerks, etc:... 28.911 03
Paid ; for • State, ;, national and ' local •:.. . '-
: taxes ........... ...'..J.... ....", 14 gig &
All , other payments and expenditures! \ to.ZM is
Total expenditures ..................$637,454 50
Losses Incurrfd during the year. flre..$433,651 81
Risks sand'; Premiums^ Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net t amount -of 1 risks '»-' '?¦: '.''¦.:¦ .¦• . • :¦;
written during the year $72,273,157 $791,223 43
Net:- amounts of : risks ,
; expired . during the : ' • ¦ >--
-year .......... ...;.:.... «1.7fi».858 ,655.06178
Net amount In force De- ¦ ¦¦ 4 ¦ 1 '
¦-:, cember 31. ,t899,. .. .-. . . . . ; 60.893.193 \ 675.846 18
¦ r - -¦:<:•. iADOTJ>H. LOEB.tU.'S iManoeer. '" :
- Subscribed , and sworn to before me this - 14th
day of Fehniary.,2900. . ¦ _ ¦ ; -
2JARK A. FOOTK, Notary Pub'ld.^
¦ - ¦ - -.- 1 . -
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD,
"Manager.
. ; 'V , ; . Assistant Manager.
. ; PAC^icjDEP^Tltt^NT: •
2/3S4/VSOMES TREET
[; ' -;- : - '¦;-• J-* SAN J FRANCISCO. "
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF 1 THE-
PALATINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTEn. KNGLAND, ON THE
31pt day of December, A. D. 1893. and for the
year mdlntr on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia.* pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortKages. $ 60,000 00
Caeh market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 1,976.8?6,00
Cash In company's office 13.323 90
Cash in banks V.. ........... 1S7.475 19
Interest due and accrued on bonds
end mortgages 8.10 00
Premiums In due course of collection 399,242 24
Total ussets .........$2,637,777 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ....f 62,663 77
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 209,811 91
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 35.604 24
Gross piemlums on flre risks running
one year or less. $1,997.959 44: re-
insurance 50 per cent................ 993.97S 72
Gross premiums on flre risks running ,;•.'->
more than one year, $1,190,277 84"; re-
insurance pro rata ...... .........;...v C06.679 44
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1,655 91
Air other demands against the com- -. «•-. •
pany 124,444 63
Total liabilities ......$2,039,569 72
- INCOME.
Net c»sh actually received for fire
premiums .....*.;:......:.. :..$2,W7,«31 88
Received for interest on. bonds and -
mortgages -• ..................' S, 580 00
Received for interest and dividends 1
on bor.ds. stocks, loans, and from • v -'
all other sources ................•..;.. 96.046 23 |
Received for profit on sale of se- .-.;:
curlties • 27,430 35
Total Income .$2.413,8S7 94
EXPENDITURES. '>¦ ; ¦-. • .- == .
Net amount raid for flre. losses (In-
cluding $203,321 03, losses of pre- '
vlous years) ......... — .............$1,550.505 97
Paid or allowed, for commission or
- brokerage 517.858 06
Paid for salaries, fees ; and . other
charpes for of fleers. ¦ clerks, etc.... 137.941 91
Paid for State, national and local \s," .>
taxes .....:.....:....:fc60.018 12
All other payments and expenditures 103.616 ft
Total expenditures ......i..... .....$2,369,940 62
Losses Incurred during the year. fire. .$1,637,502
": Risks and Premiums. , Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net 'amount-, of • . risks ;J
written during the
year $289,433,342 $2,924,300 96
Net ¦ amount r of risks •-.-," -•: . ».-
expired - during the ¦'.'¦¦ '
year ;....... .........*:.... ,241,764,266 2.474.920 58
Net amount In force De- «•. ¦"¦ ¦:¦ •¦-: ' ¦>- -.-*
cember 31. 1899. ...:. - 309.S75.903 3.098.237 2S
;WM. WOOD. Manarer.v
Pubscrlbed and - sworn [ to ' before ¦ me ' this , 23d
day of January. • 1900. -. -.\- ¦ • . - : r; ' i- - ¦'¦>•- r
E. 8. INNET. Notary Pnblio.
PACITIC DEPABTMENT,
Principal Office— 439 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.' .
CHAS. A; LATONi Manager.
** T7NIT.ED STATES BBANCH.
STATE/VVENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
PHQENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY.
OP; LONDON. KNGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day ot December, A. - D. 1S99, and "for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
eurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 011 of the Political Code, • condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
: 4 / ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all. Stocks and
' Bonds owned . by Company ...$2,128,300 CO
Cash In Company's Office - 310 2i
Cacth In Banks 45,741 25
Interest - due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans - M, 105 00
Interest- due and accrued on Bonds .
and Mortgages, cash . in hands o'f -
United States Trustees J75.ST7 39
Premiums In due Courao of Colleo- '::->¦¦
tlon : .......:.........................». 167.163 75
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks ISO 04
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 1,867 70
Total Assets ....S2.835.815 W
LIABILITIES. •¦ ., ¦
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... S75.728 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in' Suspense - 195,249 14
Losses resisted. ", Including expenses.. 21,020 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or. less, $1,517,552 96; _¦¦
reinsurance 60, per cent 711,778 4S
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run- ¦*• .
nlng • more ; than one • year, $1,262,-
741 24; reinsurance pro rata. 754.834 3$
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. ¦ ¦. -
etO ...........-..." 19,440 J9
AH other demands against* the Com- •
: pany. SOO.SSO 68
Total Llabllitlet ....$2.(C5.in"o7
: INCOME. ~~ *
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums ..;...........:..... ....$2,171,433 54
Received ¦ for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks.- Loans, and from
all other Bources K.M9 51
Received from all other sources...... ; $94 7)
Total Income $2,269.832 81
, EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for. Flre Losses (In-
• eluding $194,602 00, j losses of : pre- •-': -• '-.:
vious -years): ...¦......•..;.:.:..:.....«, 491.634 71
Paid or allowed for Commission, or- a
Brokerage .:...:....................;. ns,33S H
Paid * for Salaries. Fees, and other .
r' charges '¦ for officers. \ clerks, ¦ etc.... 123,531 63
Paid , for; State. - National and ' Local
. taxes -"..... ....;.... .'...%¦ 69,520 94
All other payments and expenditures ¦ 491.520 34
Total Expenditures .". ........$2,554,607 16
LOSSES incurred during the year... $1,546, J9i's5
Risks and 'Premiums. I Flre Kisks.' Premiums.
Net : amount«of Risks]" :'
written • during ; the :¦¦ ' . . \
year :.;......:..."..... J3S0.134.394 $3,J_.O23 53 -
N«t amount of Risks f * ' "
- expired : during the - - - ' 1 ¦ '.'¦'
year:... : .;. ,268,166.167 ,2.965.049 33
Net 1 amount In force '¦ ; ' r -
December 31. 1S99... »1. 782.237- 2.7S0.294 20
" - •¦.-•¦- A/ D. IRVING :
¦ .. ¦ • United. States '.Manager. :
/Subscribed and, sworn; to before me. this 1st
day - ot- February, \ 1900. -
. . GEO. ; O. RUGER. :, Notary Public •
i - ' BUTLER*^HALDAN,
General- Agents ; , for Pacific, Coast,
t: 413 CAJ.IPOBNIA STB__!_; i
SAN FRANCISCO. r •Both Guilty of Contempt
Cuddy . May. '. Be Insane.
Albert '¦ A. E. _.' Cuddv, who broke two
plate glass windows In the Cafe Royal
early Thursday morning, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday. ¦ He acted queer
ly and said: "I want .to kill- Mayor Phe
lan, Chief Sullivan and four police cap
tains." The Judge asked him If the
police Judges -were included' in his mur
derous designs and . he ,- replied in the
negative. - The Judge sent him to the in-
Eane ward in the Receiving-Hospital for
examination. ;
Much Government Beef Condemned.
Policeman Butterworth, who is detailed
to the- Board of Health, condemned a
truckload of salt beef as it was leaving
the transport dock several days ago. The
lot consisted of fifty barrels, and Butter
worth poered coal oil over it and sent it
to the fertilizin-r works. Butterworth then
entered the transport dock and condemned
thirty-five barrels of the stuff, which he
found in a decayed condition. From the
driver of the truck the officer learned that
the goods had been purchased by Roth,
Blum & Co., wholesale producers on Call
fornia street, where he found thirty bar
rels more of the salt beef, which was
also confiscated.
Cruel to His Horses.
George Rutz. the baker, on Valencia
street near Twentieth street, who was
arrested for cruelty to animals., was con
victed by. Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
driving a horse with a sore back and
"fined S10. -JS§SHBK .-.*' '¦ ,"m
The Mount Tamalpais Road Sched
(•:¦ ules One for To-Night.
Owing to the unparalleled success of
tho special moonlight trips that have been
run in tho past, The Mill Valley & Mt.
Tamalpais Scenic Railway take pleasure
in announcing one for this Saturday
evening. August Hth, connecting with the
5-15 p. m. boat (via Sausalito ferry), arriv
ing at the Tavern of Tamalpais in ample
time to view the sunset and for dinner.
Also a trip connecting with the 6:40 > p.
m" boat from San Francisco (via Sausa
lito ferry), returning so as to arrive in
San Francisco by 11:20 p. m. the same
evening. 4 , ¦ - •"¦='
The. moonlight on the bay and -ocean,
and the shadows in the valley on a moon
light night, are past description.
The new and commodious lavern is not
excelled by any mountain hotel In Cali
fornia It is open for the accommodation
of jruests desiring to remain over night
so as to witness the glorious sunrise.
ANOTHER MOONLIGHT
EXCURSION
Charles Scheper will appear to-day be
fore the Supreme Court on a writ of ha
beas corpus. The question to be decided
Is whether a Judge of the Superior Court
can commit a man to prison for an
indefinite period because of his inability
to pay alimony. Scheper is suing his wif-j,
Lizzie, for a divorce, and Superior Judge
Dunne ordered the husband to pay the
wife $55 as alimony and counsel fees. In
default of complying with the order
Scheper was committed to the custody of
the ¦ Sheriff until he/ handed over the
money.
Husband in Hard Luck.
Two heroes were rewarded for saving
the lives of a couple of helpless children
by being presented with medals by the
fiociety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children yesterday. One is Policeman
T. C Xay'or. who on the afternoon of
June 21 rescued a little girl from under
Medals for Life Savers.
Immediately after the production of
"The Only Way" Mr. Stoddard, Mr. Har
kins and Mr. Brennan will return to New
York.
In "The Only Way" the veteran actor
plays the part of Mr. Lorry, and he has
every opportunity of displaying his clev
erness as a character actor. Mr. Harkins
and Mr. Brennan have parts equally good,
for the rendition of which they have re
ceived high praise by the critics of New
Tork.
Mr. Stoddard is one of the oldest actors
now before the public. He is a universal
favorite and is possessed of great histri
onic ability. His last appearance in this
city was two years ago, when, while a
member of the A. M. Palmer Company,
he scored a big hit as the old Southerner
in "Alabama." As David Ives in "The
Dancing Girl," produced by the same
company, with Julia Arthur in the leading
role, Mr. Stoddard scored a distinct suc
cess.
production. At the orders of Charles
Frohman the three actors . left New York
yesterday and will arrive in this city, in
time to take part in the rehearsal, which
will be held on Monday.
The will of the late Berry Marks, who
died August 2, was filed for probate yes
terday. Decedent bequeaths his entire es
tate, which 13 valued at over $10,000, to his
widow, Johanna Marks. The will of EUas
Bcrr.steir., who died July 21, leaving an
estate valued at $5000, was also filed for
probate. Decedent bequeaths his entire
estate to his widow, Augusta Bernstein
By the terms of the will of th« late Albert
Hanak, filed for probate yesterday, an es
tate valued at over $10,000 is bequeathed
In equal shares to decedent's widow. Mar
«r?.ret Hanak, and his daughter, Mrs.
Helena Rolfe-
Three Testaments Filed.
Will Receive One Hundred Thousand
Dollars as His Portion oi De
cedent's Estate.
A compromise has been effected among
the claimants of the wealth of the late
William A. Piper. Frederick William
Baldwin Piper, whom the deceased ac
knowledged as a natural son. will get
J100.000 in full- settlement of his claim.
Attorneys S. C. Denson and Bert
Schleslnger, who rerpesent Charles Edel
man discoverer of the will in which Piper
bequeathed his estate to his natural son;
A A. Sanderson and H. I. Kowalsky, rep
resenting Mrs. Altken and her son, Fred
erick William ¦Baldwin Piper, and detec
tives and others Who have been employed
on behalf of the son, will receive large
fees
It Is said that all of the papers In the
compromise have been signed end will be
filed in a few days.
PIPER'S NATURAL SON
FORCES A COMPROMISE
Policeman P. J. Parrell, who arrested
Ethel Campbell, a sixteen-year-old girl,
for battery upon him, was summoned to
appear before Chief Eullivan yesterday
mcrr.ing, as the Chief ascertained from
Jv rpr-ant Coogan that the girl's father
would not prefer charges against him.
Parrell paid that he did' not arrest the
izirl Sunday because ehe ran away. He
did not know her anj-got out a "Jane
Jvpf" warrant marked for service day
jjT -iphi *o that he could serve It on her
v .en he learned who she was. It was
not till after midnight Wednesday that
he was informed by another officer who
the girl was and where ehe lived, so he
•went and arrested her. The Chief repri
manded him and told him he should have
waited till a proper time before making
the arrest.
Parrell on His Defense.
Ordinance Recommended by Judi
ciary Committee — Recorder
Gets Mortgage Cierk.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
decided yesterday to recommend the or
dinance regulating the height of fences
of wood and other inflammable material
to twenty feet, to be in force on and from
passage until June 30, 1901. when the or
dinance limiting fences to ten feet In
height will go into effect. An amendment
intended to exempt fences erected around
pleasure-grounds from the provisions of
the ordinance will be recommended.
The bill repealing the ordinance author
izing the Recorder to appoint a mortgage
clerk was indefinitely postponed on the
ground that the clerk is a necessity.
The bills of Health Officer O'Brien, Dr.
E. Windele, Dr. D. D. Lustig and Dr.
Theodore Rethers for medical testimony
in court cases were referred to the City
Attorney for his opinion as to whether
city officers can charge for their services
rendered outside of their official duties.
FENCES MAY BE TWENTY
FEET HIGH FOR AWHILE
City Attorney Lane informed the Board
of. Supervisors yesterday that in his
opinion the . board has not the power to
fix telephone rates, but that such power
may be obtained by proper amendment to
the charter. The power to fix charges for
telephone service is not granted by the
provision of the charter which authorizes
the board to determine the compensation
to be collected for the use of water, heat
light or power. It must be inferred' that
it was intended' to withhold the power
purposely as to telephone companies.
That the Charter Is Sileut on
the Point.
City Attorney Informs Supervisors
NO POWER TO FIX v.
TELEPHONE RATES
WOULD RATHER BE
POOR THAN MARRY
•jp^ROBATE . JUDGE COFFET,
L-si'wlth his usual versatility,
ji devised ways and means
yesterday by which, if
adopted, aged John Schenkel would
come Into possession of a legacy of
55000, bequeathed him by his late
brother, Peter Schenkel. The ad
vice of the court, however, was
Ecorned by the devisee. When
Peter Schenkel died he left an
estate of considerable value. Of
his gold his brother John was to
have $5000 in the event that Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Schenkel, decedent's
widow died or rrarried again.
Schenkel, the devisee, has been
worrying considerably of late over
the fact that Mrs. Schenkel still
lives and refuses to marry. Schen
kel was in court again yesterday
endeavoring to Impress the court
with his views that Justice would
be done to him, a poor man, if the
will of the deceased was changed
to suit his needs.
"Are you a married man," said
Judge Coffey.
"No," answered Schenkel, "I am
a widower."
"Don't you see your way to col
lect this legacy?" responded the
court. "Why not woo and win
Mrs. Schenkel; take her for your
bride and then as she will be mar
ried you will get your own besides
that which is her's."
"Why, I am sixty and over and
she is only 45 years of age," an- ¦
swered Schenkel in astonishment,
"and besides I wouldn't havjL her
for the entire estate."
"Then you> might induce sone.one
to marry her." said Judge Coffey.
Give some one a 'commission to
nullify this contingency. The best
thing you can do is to take your
case out of this. court and appeal
to a marriage bureau that justice
may be yours."
But Schenkel only shook his head
and walked away.* Between the
two evils; marriage or poverty, he
preferred the latter.
HENRY MILLER and his company
will a week from next Monday
evening present "The Only Way,"
the dramatization of Dickens*
"Tale of Two Cities." Great prepara
tions are being made for the production
of the play and local theatergoers will
have an opportunity of seeing the Lyceum
Theater success and the original cast.
J. H. Stoddard, Daniel H. Harkins and
Joseph Brennan, three sterling actors, are
speeding to this city to take part in the
£ -?-§> -?-$> -+-& -?- 3> -?- 3> -?- 4> -?- <S> -?- 0
J. H. Stoddard to Appear in
the Production of "The
Only Way."
VETERAN ACTOR IS
ON HIS WAY HERE
Louis Cardorel. fruit and wine mer
chant. 102 Second street, appeared before
Judge Cabar.isg yesterday on a charge of
resisting an officer. Policemen Jordan
and Sullivan were the complaining wit
nesses. They testified that they went
into Cardorcl'e place Sunday to arrest
two men tliey wanted for vagrancy, tiui
Cardorel would not allow them to search
the- premises and barred the way.
Cardorel testified that he simply asked
them their business and wrote the num
ber of their stars on a piece of paper.
Jordan owed him a bill of $3 for goods
and he made a demand upon him Satur
day for payment. He did not get the
money and he thought that was the
reason why Jordan arrested him.
Jordan denied owicg Cardorel any
thir.qr and the Judge continued the case
till Tuesday to enable both sides to bring
forward more witnesse?.
chant, Charged With Besist
ii>g an Officer.
Louis Cardorel, Wine and Fruit Mer-
CLAIMS ARREST WAS
MADE THROUGH SPITE
Deceased Printer's Estate May Be the
Object of a Contest Between
Them.
Two women have come forward to lay
claim to the property of the late Frank
Printz. Each claims to be the widow Of
the deceased. Two months ago Printz,
who was a printer, was found dead in a
room in the Winchester House. The day
following the Coroner's inquest a woman
who said she was his widow appeared at.
the Morgue and took away his effects.
Public Administrator Boland received a
letter vesterday from a woman in the East
who figns her name Mrs. Jane Printz and
says that if the deceased left an estate
in this city she can prove that she is his
lawful widow. She resides at 20S Central
avenue, Newport. R. I. Mr. Printz was a
member of Typographical Union No. 21,
and it is also said that he was insured in
the Knights of Pythias. If such proves
to be the case a contest betweeen the
claimants is expected.
TWO WOMEN CLAIM TO
BE PRINTZ'S WIDOW
eler. $90: McPherson Harrison, helper, $45; R.
II. Harrison, helper, $45; C. J. Houston, helper,
?45; Will O. Sanford, helper, $45; V. Carman,
cook. f40.
Party No. 2. Lake Tahoe. J. R. Price, field
assistant In charge; F. Kuhlman. tranMtman,
$100 per month; J. P. Morse, leveler, $90; George
Wise, helper. $45; E. A. Burke, helper, $45;
William H. Flrebaugh, helper. $45; Walter J.
K^oRh, helper, $45; Albert Law, cook, $40. i
Both expeditions will be made under
the general supervision of Luther Wag
goner, chief of the Public Utilities de
.partment.
The Native Sons of tho Golden West
petitioned the board to appoint Willis
Polk architect without compensation,
he to supervise the decorations for the
semi-centennial celebration so that uni
formity will be observed. -C
Names of Those Who Will Compose
the Water Investigating
Expeditions.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appolnted the members of the two ex
peditions to be sent out for the purpose
of investigating the Lake Tahoe and
Yuba River water supplies as follows:
Party No. 1, Tuba River, Norman B. Liver
more, field assistant in charge; C. F. Reardon,
transltman. Jino per month: W. P. Drum, lev-
MORE APPOINTMENTS
BY BOARD OF WORKS
Raising Up of the Great Chiefs of
the Two Governing
Bodies.
The two Great Councils of the Improved
Order of Red Men have concluded their
labors for this great sun and late yes
terday afternoon each quenched its coun
cil fire.
The elected great chiefs and the ap
pointed ones were raised up by Past Great
Sachem J. Sims. The appointed ones are:
J. A. Ellert, great sannap; A. D. Mason,
great michinawa; A." Hausman, great
guard of the wigwam, and S. L. Richards,
great guard of the forest.
The official organ was placed under the
charge of the great chief of records. The
Great Council to show its appreciation of
the services of the retiring great sachem.
E. B. Wilson, presented him a handsome
testimonial.
At the closing session of the Great
Council of the Degree of Pocahontas
there was an exemplification of the secret
work by Mrs. J. Bell of Yosemlte Coun
cil. The elected great chief, as well as
the appointed ones, were raised up by
Past Great Pocahontas Nora Klink. as
sisted by Past Great Pocahontases Sarah
Guttstadt and Hattie Whipple. The ap
pointed chiefs are: Minna Betts, first, and
Fannie Keith, second scout; Anna Brown
ing, great guard of the tepee, and Kate
Seary, great guard of the forest. Mrs.
Anna Gill, the retiring great Pocahontas.
was presented with a diamond studded
true lover's knot of gold.
In the evening the great chiefs -visited
Alfarata Council, where they witnessed
an. exemplification of the adoption degree
by a team from -that council. This was
followed by a banquet. -
RED MEN'S COUNCIL
FIRE IS QUENCHED
The Sound steamer City of Puebla ar
rived from Victoria, B. C, early yester
day morning. Mrs. Becker of New What
com was moving along the deck when
a heavy roll of the ship threw her against
a stanchion. Her shpulder was dis
located. . . . „ ¦
The Chilean training ship General Ba
quedano sailed for Yokohama yesterday.
The steamer Santa Cruz sails for Eu
reka on Saturday, taking the place of the
Orizaba, ; ¦
Captain W. G. Goodman, formerly
master of the Robert Lewers, has been
appointed port captain of the Alexander
& Baldwin fleet.
Water Front Notes.
M. Moran, a weigher In the Surveyor's
department of the Custom-house, was
nearly killed by a Folsom-street car early
yesterday morning. He was on his way
to the Mail dock and got on! the car at
First and Folsom streets. He did not
notice the car coming in the opposite di
rection and was struck as he turned in
answer to a warning cry. His head was
badly lacerated and when he reached the
Harbor Hospital Dr. Bacigalupi found
him suffering from concussion of the
brain and possible fracture of the skull.
Later he was removed to St. Mary's Hos
pital. " ; . -V < /
Customs Weigher, Injured.
Two fishermen— Vincent , Bardolini and
Emanuel Maggio— had a fierce battle .with
a shark last Thursday night. They were
out fishing for sea bass when the tiger
of the deep came along and got entangled
with the net. After a hard struggle the
shark was killed by a blow irom a
hatchet and hauled aboard. It was
twelve feet long from tip to tip.
Another Shark Story.
Captains of coasting vessels are indig
nant over the fact that an attempt Is to
be made to tow another log raft to San
Francisco by the tugs Rescue and
Tatoosh. Captain Bailey thinks that once
the Mendocino coast is passed there will
be no trouble. The Tatoosh is to tow the
ship John Ena to Puget Sound while the
Rescue will go light. The three vessels
should arrive about the same time, how
ever, as the Tatoosh is by far and away
the more powerful tug. and the fact that
she is towing a big ship will not materi
ally effect her speed.
The last raft brought down lost about a
thousand logs on tne way. These have
proven a menace to navigation and every
shipmaster that has arrived during the
past twenty-four hours has made com
plaint. The State of California had to
keep two lookouts on the forecastle head.
Captain Nieolson says that for nearly a
hundred miles the Bonita was passing
through logs and that a careful outlook
had to be kept by all hands.
Another Log Baft Coming.
The loss of the pilot boat Bonita is not
going to cripple the service now given
incoming ships. The news that a whale
had sunk that smart little craft was
hardly twenty-four hours old before Cap
tain Steve Castle was in communication
with Matthew Turner on the subject of a
new boat. The veteran boat builder at
once drew up the plans and now a
schooner is under way that will rival any
thing in American waters. She will be
eighty-one feet on the water line, twenty
foiir feet beam and nine feet deep, or
about the eame -size as the America. She
will be modeled like the Bonita forward
and like the America aft. No name has
as yet been decided upon for the new ves
sel, but the consensus of opinion among
the pilots is that she should be called
Columbia. She will be in commission
about January 1.
Another "Log Baft to Be Towed to
San Francisco by Tugs — Ship
owners Indig-
New Pilot Boat to Replace
the Bonita Is Now Being !
Constructed.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
the hoofs of a pair of runaway horses on
Market street. The other man was
Ralph W. Gregg, a contractor and team
ster, living at 1110 Stanyan street. While
near the ocean beach on July 5 his at
tention was called to a little girl who was
feebly struggling in the breakers several
hundred feet from the shore.
Without even removing his heavy
rubber boots Gregg plunged into the wa
ter and after a hard flgbt with death suc
ceeded in saving the child's life.
THE PI3X)T-B0AT NOW BUILDING THAT IS TO REPLACE THE BONITA.
trial before Judge Slack. Other wit
nesses examined were Collector of In
ternal Revenue Lynch, Police Captain
Seymour, Captain John Pratt and M.
Johnson, but no new facts other than
those already published were elicited.
Further investigation was postponed un
til next Friday.
The Cured Fruit Association enforces
stringent rules relative to grading and
packing, being equal in that respect to
the Raisin Association. Eastern buyers
are already beginning to show their ap
preciation of this action.
The directors of the Cured Fruit Asso
ciation are mostly growers themselves,
many of them being either active or re
tired business men of wide experience.
The association now' includes in its
membership about 85 per cent of the
growers of the State, but in view of the
unusually large foreign crop and the in
qreased difficulties in marketing the Cali
fornia output, it is deemed more neces-.
sary than ever to get all the prune grow
ers into the association. If the 15 per
cent remain outside and their products
are sold in competition with the associa
tion's stock the effect on prices under
present conditions may prove disastrous.
Partisans of the association claim that
except for its existence prunes would be
Belling at from two to two and a quarter
cents. They hope to secure even higher
prices than now obtain, as a result of the
mass-meetings about to be held.
The California Cured Fruit Association
at a meeting held in San Jose last week
decided to hold mass-meetlng3 through
out the State, beginning to-day, to induce
the growers who are now outside of the
Association to join. These meetings will
be held in all the most important fruit
growing districts. •, .
Fifteen Per Cent of Growers, Not
Yet Members, Will Be Urged
to Join the Organi
zation.
Cured Fruit Association Try
ing to Strengthen Its
Position.
MASS-MEETINGS
TO BE HELD IN
PRUNE SECTIONS
The Associated Wholesale Grocers of
Ban Francisco and Sacramento are having
a warm tot-to with manufacturers' agents
and commission men. Two la.rse firms
representing Eastern manufacturers do
ing business Is this city have been prac
tically boyectted by the members of the
Associated Wholesale Grocers for some
days These are Spohn & Patrick of Bat
u-ry' street and Woods, Mailliard &
frr.iedel!. doing business on Sansome
w>et. Meanwhile threats have been
¦tie to draw into the Grocers* Associa
a wholesalers on the outside. One of
these concern? is the Howard H. Hogan
< Company, on Pine street.
Ther«^are several important points of
difference. The leading one Is the fiat of
the wholesale grocers that the manufac
turers' agents and commission men in the
frrocery line shall not sell to retailers.
Another is that a commission of 15 per
rent will be charged by the wholesale
grocers for selling any new line of good?.
There was another provision, which has
l"?en practically discarded, because it was
inoperative, which was intended to corral
the Nome trade for the wholesale grocers.
There is enough hidden mis-chief in the
first two provisions to cause bitter talk
sbout "the grocery trust," as It is called
by some.
Thore are retail grocers In the city who
do a larger business than many whole
salers. Th^re are as many as six retail
stores under one management. While the
wholesalers furnish hotels, restaurants
rind boarding-bouses with groceries, that,
bein^r a retail business, the manufactur
ers' agents say that they do not see jus
tice in Ftoppint? them from selling directly
to The great retail houses. This was the
j- tat that has caused boycotting. The
{i=50*'iate<i wholesale grocers have not
voted a boycott. The method as described
by their opponents is for the association's
brokerage committee to make a report.
Then the members of the association
without pa?sinj? a formal vote, so avoid
ing any evidence of conspiracy, agree to
*"«=tan<1 pat."
The retailers of this city have be*»n In
terested. While the boycott against the
manufacturers' acents has been ripening
a petition of the retailers has been in cir
tuiation asking the wholesalers not to sell
to consumers. The commission of 15 per
cent on new lines is another squeeze of
the retailers, and they appreciate that
fact. There v.ere rumors last night,
which could not be verified, that the
wholesale grocers were ready to concede
pome points and that some agreement
miffht be reached with the manufactur
es' agents concerning sales directly to
rn.tt large retail houses.
of Manufactur
ers Don "War Paint—Re
tailers Interested.
Conditions Imposed That Have Made
Battle Raging in Wholesale
Section for Control of
Business. .^
GROCERS EMPLOY
BOYCOTT TO WIN
AGAINST AGENTS
THE SAK - FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
In the morning I awake and find the old
world wife babes and mother. Concord and
Boston, the dear old spiritual world, and even
the dear old devil, not far off. • • • Every
thing good is on the highway. • • • Tne
mid-world Is best. Nature, as we know her, la
no aalnt.
These are not the words of a mere mys
tic or dreamer; they have the racy heart
iness of a man who knows life at first
hand; and they represent well Emerson's
fine loyalty, even In his most visionary
essays, to the regions of actual human
experience. '_
"I gossip for my hour concerning the
eternal politics." so Emerson In one essay
smilingly asserts. "Eternal politics" is
precisely what busies him from first to
fast Man in hip relation to nature and
to God— the Hrr.its. the scope and the
promise of man's destiny, man's duties to
God and to his fellows— the wise economy
by which the self-reliant man bends na
ture to his need— these topics and others
like them, which have to do with man's
eternal citizenship in the universe recur
in his essays again and again. And run
ning through all his discussions of these
topics are two far-reaching and vitalizing
doctrines— belief in the Over-Soul and an
optimistic faith in the worth of the pres
ent moment and of the individual.
Man is for Emerson not simply divine
in his origin, but a sharer from moment
to moment in the divine nature. ' A3
there is no screen or ceiling between our
hearts and the infinite heavens, so is
there no bar or wall in the soul where
man. the effect, ceases, and God. the
cause, begins." Since every man haa
thus within himself an infinite store of
potential spiritual energy, Emerson has
no misgivings over the present or fear for
the future. Man and God are really con
spirators for happiness and virtue and
truth and beauty: the individual. If he
Is loyal to his inner nature, has all the
forces of the universe silently working
for him. Seen or unseen, they are on his
side. Moreover, every man has his own
quite peculiar relation to the divine na
ture It is to represent cr make valid a
special portion of the divine energy.
Hence Emerson never wearies of insist
ing on the duty of self-reliance. "Trust
thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron
Nature too, like man. is for Emerson
instinct with Deity. Strangely Idealistic
and confident must Emerson's talk about
nature seem to a modern reader who
goes to it from Darwin's "Origin of
Species'* or Spencer's "First Principles.
Emerson Is wholly innocent of modern
scientific theories. Man has for him no
kinship with the beasts. One wonders
what Darwin and Emerson would have
had to say to each other in an hour's
talk Nature Is to Emerson a divine In
vention for man's monition and discip
line and joy. Man has In his own breast,
in so far as he has realized his oneness
with the Over-Soul, the principles and the
laws which run throughout the length an«J
the breadth of nature and bind into har
monious forms and orderly sequences all
its magnificent miscellaneousness.
The world proceeds from tho same sotrlt as
the bodv of man. It is a remoter and Inferior
Incarnation of God. a projection of God In the
unconscious. But it differs from the body in
one Important respect. It Is not. like that, now
subjected to the human will. Its serene order
is Inviolable by us. It is. therefore, to us the
present expositor of the divine mind.
Emerson, then, sees spiritual energy
pulsing everywhere in nature; for him
the miracle of the burning bush is daily
wrought; every object in nature shines
for him with a peculiar iridescent beauty;
and in the presence of nature he is. a3 he
somewhere says, "glad to the brink of
These are the characteristic beliefs and
moods that give to Emerson's prose Its
tonic power. His prose has a note and
quality that we perhaps never find In tho
prose of our own day and generation. Our
day is the day of small things; our age
has well been nicknamed by some French
critic the age of microbes. We pore over
trifles, accumulate facts, strike averages,
and try to reduce h»man nature and ex
ternal nature to their lowest terms. Of
all this scientific pettifogging there Is in
Emerson no trace; he has the confident
and oracular manner of tne prophet. He
believes with Browning's Paracelsus that
"there i3 an Inmost center in us all whero
truth abides in fullness." and his essays
are the record of what he hears as / he
listens patiently at this inner shrine.
LEWIS E. GATES.
Harvard University.
and common sense; if he "hitches h!»
wagon to a star," he also "hugs his fact.'"
Accordingly, everywhere in his essays we
are kept within measurable distance of
common life, of the actual human heart
and of the world of nature In its element
al beauty, shining with a kind of morn
ing splendor.
Perhaps there Is no English writer of
the present century who gives one st>
much the impression as does Emerson of
being absolutely at home with the "heav
enly powers," the primordial elements
of nature and the forces that rule the
spiritual world. Carlyle in some of his
books talks quite as volubly of the infini
ties and the eternities, but they put him
in a passion— a passion of adoration or of
awe or It may of exasperation at the rel
ative shortcomings of actual life and hu
man nature. Wordsworth is as great a
seer as Emerson, and makes the facts of
common life reveal as transparently their
inner spiritual meaning, but he Is so often
trivial and wearisome that we suspect
him of not being native to the heavenly
regions. In Emerson's prose there is al
ways a divine blitheness that marks him
as having in his veins a celestial ichor.
"With a geometry of sunbeams, the soul
lays the foundations of nature." "The
infinite lies stretched In smiling repose."
"With thought, with the Ideal. Is im
mortal hilarity, the rose of Joy." These
sentences have Emerson's unmistakable
accent and Idiom. At the close of his es
says on "Illusions" he describes the mo
ments of clear vision that now and then
reveal to the veriest tyro In things spir
itual the beauty and the order of life.
I have more than once had this quoted
to me with enthusiasm by readers who
were obliged to ask afterward what the
word "fronded " meant. In no one, I sup
pose, was the spirit of religion ever more
spontaneous and more genuinely to be
called an inner light than in y\hlttler, and
it was accompanied by an absolute free
dom from all narrowness or self-asser-
Nothing could be more simple and pleas
ing than his home life. Until bereaved of
his mother and sister he lived with them
in a modest little house at Amesbury.
where all the traditions of Quaker house
keeping were exquisitely preserved, and
the perfect order of the interior made the
littie dwelling an equally appropriate re
sort for visiting emperors or for fugitive
slaves. Elizabeth Whittier. some of whose
poems her brother took delight in includ
ing with his own, represented in her tem
perament a wholly different element of
Quakerism from his, being as ardent and
outspoken as he was shy and reticent and
not fearing to .shake her head reprovingly
at the dignified friends on the high seats
at yearly meeting if the spirit moved
them to discourse too long so that her hos
pitable dinner was in danger of being
spoiled. Plain in person, without the reg
ular features of her brother, she yet had
eyes of much more liquid brilliancy which
filled her face with charm during every
moment of her lively conversation.
With less of European celebrity than
several of his compeers, Whittier will al
ways hold a firm place at home as being
the literary creator not merely of the New
England legend but v of the American
legend as a whole, he being the very first
who touched it and made it alive. As has
been already said, he never visited any
foreign country nor am I aware that he
showed any knowledge of foreign lan
guage except when he translated, perhaps
with difficulty, a few simple French
poems; but he read eagerly all old Ameri
can annals and his truth of nature showed
Itself In bis varying or embroidering the
legends very little. Any one who will ex
amine Longfellow's selected series called
"Poems of Places" will see that Whittier
furnished far more than any other poet,
perhaps more than all put together, of the
legendary literature of our country. This,
when combined with his leadership in the
greatest moral crusade yet waged among
ui will be likely to secure permanence to
his fame. T. W. HIGGINSON.
Cambridge, Mass. *
Ho had, in addition, the advantage of
being a remarkably handsome man, with
fine features, delicate outlines and a clear
brunette complexion. He yielded just
enough to the Friends' habit of costume
to wear it gracefully and make It orna
mental. The plain language, so called,
was also an ornament to him. for it gave
a kind of dignified grace to an utterly,
simple manner. Having been a grea-f
reader in his youth, he had a great
variety of knowledge. He told me once
that he always had a great desire to
travel, but that by reading a book about
any foreign country he made It at once
bo far a part of his own experience that
he did not afterward care to visit it.
Without ear for music, he yet made his
verses fairly melodious, and sometimes
very much so: although it was to be
noticed that In these cases he distrusted
himself so that his later alterations in
his own verse almost always iniured it.
He was eminently Intuitive, both In his
perceptions of character and his literary
instinct. Younger writers always found
in him a good critic, and his sound judg
ment of men was always recognized in
practical life, and especially among poli
ticians. Never making a speech, he yet
was a frequent attendant on meetings of
the so called "Liberty party." and after
ward, although more rarely, of the Re
publican; and professional politicians,
habitually distrustful of literary men
usually made an exception in favor of
This ability to deal with men of affairs
undoubtedly gave a .certain directness ana
homely simplicity to his verse, compared
with which that of LonK'e"^ « eei ?? *?:
ways rather silken clad, while Emerson s
stralnsx are constantly abstruse, and
those of Lowell and Holmes are often In
volved and complex. Sprung from the
people, Whittier was thus emphatically
the poet of the people. Yet it is to be no
ticed that some of the lines of tenest quot
ed from his volumes are those in which
his strain Is at the highest. Chief among
these perhaps is that fine verse on im
mortality, almost approaching the charac
ter of a hymn, where he says;
I know not where His islands lift
Their fronded palms In air;
I only know I cannot drift
Beyond his love and care.
Apart from the genius and philanthropy
of the poet Whittier, his career will al
ways be an Interesting test of the work
ing of republican institutions. He be
longed to a circle of men all whose lead
ers except himself were in a manner born
in the purple, by comparison. They might
have known poverty, but they were all of
what Holmes called "the Brahmin blood."
They and their fathers before them were
college bred and had whatever that rep
resents in New England. In a country
like England a man like Whittier, bred
to farming in summer -and shoemaklngr
in winter, would have been at a disadvan
tage among these men in a degree which
the efforts of a lifetime would scarcely
have effaced, i He' being what he was and
living in America, the distinction effaced
itself; no one thought of it. There was no
such thing as patronizing or deference; he
simply took his place. Yet It Is but just
also to recall that he was bred in the so
ciety of Friends, which furnished a
Brahmin blood of its own— a" body which
has been in all generations separated
from the world's people by a purity, such
as was almost equivalent to refinement,
and by a habit of religious equality wnich
Ignored the world's trivial differences.
Certain It is that in the democracy of let
ters, there has never been a man .who
took his place with more absolute com
posure than Whittier.
Yet Emerson Is not. as are some trans
cendentaJists. r\ mere victim of second
sight; In his eorcments on morals and on
religion there is In addition to his vis
ionary wisdom much Yankee shrewdness
Emerson seems always to have within
the range of his eye these shining: forms*
and to be able to hear through all the
rumoring and turbulence* of dally life
their golden words to one another.
a little there are the gods still sitting around
him on their thrones— they alone with htm
alone.
There is no char.ee and no anarchy In th*
universe. All is system and gradation. Every
Bod Is there sitting in his sphere. The young
mortal enters the hall of the firmament; there
Is he alone with them aljn<\ they pourlngr on
him benedictions and {rifts and beckoning htm
up to their thrones. On the Instant, ami inces-
Bantly. fall snowstorms of illusions. He fan
cies, himself In a vast cloud which sway* this
way and that and whose doings and movements
he must obey. • • • Every moment n*w
changes and new showers of deceptions, to
baffle and distract him. Anil when, by and by.
LITERARY TMLK.S AND REMINISCENCES.
Copyright, 1903, hy Seymour Eaton.
. The managers of the steamship' Belgian
King i filed a bond yesterday .with United
States : District • Court Clerk ¦ George > E J
Morse in the sum of $49,000 in the libel suit
brought ; against the Belgian King; by the
owners of the : Norwegian steamer j Tellus
for : damages sustained in a collision : with
4he ! Belgian King, s- The bond ¦ was : furn
ished by the National Surety Company of
New York. „¦ • :-¦
Big Bond for the Belgian King.
The Grand Jury was busily engaged
yesterday afternoon ¦ Investigating ; ; the
charges arising out of the sale of | posi
tions under the Harbor Commissioners In
which E. F. Wilbur and Eddy Conroy
have been Implicated. Deputy Tax* Col
lector Edward J. Casey- was a witness and
¦was asked • regarding- Wilbur's connection 1
with the Bartlett perjury, which .grew
out of the Fair will case when it was on
Grand Jury Investigation.
• L. C. Cnopius. who failed to appear and
serve as a Juror after being regularly
summoned, was adjudged Ruilty of. con
tempt-of court by Judge Dunne yester
day and sentenced to pay, a fine of $25 or
serve flve davs in the County Jail. Charles
W. Bcheper was adjudged guilty of.con
tempt by Judge Dunne for failure* to obey
an order cf court to pay Mrs. Scheper $30
a month alimony. - Scheper will = remain In
the custody of the Sheriff until he obeys
9
XI.
X.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TALKS ON EMERSON AND WHITTIER.
J. H. STODDARD.
FROM AN EARLY PORTRAIT
OF EMERSON.
The reason Miss Smith and her
friends improved in health is that coffee
acts as a poison on many delicate orr
ganisms. When it is left off, the cause
of the trouble is removed; then, if Pos-
tum Food Coffee is taken, there is a di-
rect and quick rebuilding of the nerve
centers all through the body, for Pos-
tum- Food Coffee contains the elements
neej^i by the system to rebuild the
r.evve centers.
Made at the pure food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich., end sold by all first-class grocers.
"I found while I was there and using
Postum regularly that I slept much bet-
ter and grew so strong in my nerves
that the change was wonderful. I trust
my testimonial will be the means of in-
ducing others to try your magnificent
beverage. These are true and honest
facts." Miss Frances Smitli, 632 Doug*
]as street. Chattanooga. Tenn.
Visiting 1 Friends In Knoxville.
"I had been greatly troubled by
f-:rjg kept awake at night whenever I
"ink coffee. It also disagreed with
5 digestion. Last summer I was vis-
iting a friend in Knoxville who had
teen suftering from rheumatism, caused
by coffee drinking. She had quit using
coffee and was using Postum, and had
recovered; also her delicate daughter,
who had been an invalid for a long time,
was greatly benefited by the use of Pos-
tum Food Coffee. . ;
SOUTHERN GIRL
POSTUM CEREAL.
HI A R Y OF MISS Til I IF F AHR
,Who was besieged by Boxers. She was the first
journalist to escape from Tientsin and tells experi-
ences only paralleled by the siege of Lucknow.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL \^Wool is rather firmer than of late because of
the better Inquiry, though It must be admitted
that this steadiness is somewhat at the expense
of new business. Cotton goods partakes of the
strength of the raw material and weakness Is
still perceptible In brown cottons, print cloths
and wide sheetings. It has been a remarkable
year In cotton and cotton goods and,: although
the goods market Is relatively weaker than the
••• ; ; ; — ; — — st
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row w-111 say: Trade conditions still exhibit
many of. the Irregularities incident to the tran
sition period between .'midsumnvr and early
fall trades. Despite -, the hot wave, with its
effect on the growing distribution and demand
anil also because of the reports of damage to the
corn crop which It has Incited, a more cheerful
feeling Is perceptible in general trade and the
booking of fall orders for dry eoods. clothing
and hardware at leading Western centers and
heavy engagements In iron and steer products,
though at low prices, are of encouraging propor
tions.; Prices are not showing the precipitate
declines. noted some. time ago,* and amons the
really "encouraging features isUhe advance In
wheat, mainly based • on improved export In
quiry. : ¦•- • : ¦• -I/" -• .¦ ¦ ':¦¦ -.-.-- \; t
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
| Continued on Page Thirteen.
, LONDON, Aug. 10.— Consols. SS 1-16; silver,
2Sd: French . rentes. ilOOf 30c; . cargoes on • pas
sage," quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 31s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 30s-
English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. lO.-Wheat. steady; No. 1
standard California. Cs 4V4d#6s . 5d : wheat in
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French coun-
Foreign : Markets.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Wash., Aug.. 10.— No change in
wheat. Club, 56; blue stem, £9c.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 53c; valley. S45J53c: blue stem. 5Sc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or. Aug. 10.— Clearings,' $242 -
730; balances, J1S.74S.
Portland's Business.
: The immediate effect of the crop report was
to advance the market twenty-one points. The
advance from the lowest prices to the highest
of the day was a matter of 24^29 points.
. The market was finally steady in tone at a
net advance of 14^22 points.
NETV YORK. Aug. 10.— After opening steady
with prices unchanged to 4 points lower, the
cotton market became sensationally active and
developed . most positive strength.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
PIGIRON— Warrants, weak and nominal, at
Jll 50. Northern No. 1 foundry lost 50 points
on asked r>rice and was very dull, closing at
J16W16 75.
COPPER— Lake continued quieter and un
changed r.t ?16 £0.
LEAD— Dull r.t W 25.
SPELTER— Dull at J4 17%<g4 22U.
TIN PLATES — Remain dull, as the mills are
still closed, owing to the wage question.
The brokers' price for lead was $1 and for
copper $16 50.
5\>ti> York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Trade was again very
dull in the market for metals. Cables from
abroad showed no Incentive In either direction.
Tin in the local market was a shade lower on
bid and closed quiet at $31 75@31 S7'4.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000: sheep, slow; lambs,
stronger: good to choice wethers. $4 30<J?5 65:
fair to choice mixed, $3 73@4 25; Western sheep.
J4 25@4 CO; Texas sheep, J3 10@4 10; natlvj
lambs, $4 25® 5 65; Western lambs, $4 7503 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22.000; to-morrow,
15,000; estimated left over, 7000; generally 3c
to 10c lower: top, $5 45: mixed and butchers,
Jo OSliJ-o 37V4; good to choice heavy. Jo 05<J?5 33;
rough heavy, J4 85@5; light, J5 15i@5 45; bulk
of sales, J3 loifTo 30.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2300.
Including 300 Texnns and 100 Westerns; native
steers, slow; butchers' stock, steady to weak;
Western rangers, steady. Natives— Best on
sale to-day, one carload at J5 70: good to prime
steers. $0 40<!J6: poor to medium. $4 ~o@a 35:
selected feeders, steady, J4@4 65; mixed stock
crs, weak, J3 23<f?3 50; cows. $2 S05T4 30; heifers,
J3(ft4 90: canners, J2 20@2 70; bulls, slow, J3$
4 40; calves. Eteady. J4 25@fi 75; Texan fed
steers. nominally steady. $4 SOIL'S. 15: Texas
grass steers, 10c lower, J3 33114 25; Texas bulls,
slow. J2 50@3 30.
Chicago Livestock Market.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 10.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at Ruction to— day
ond realiz?d the following prices: Grapes — Mala
ga, single crates, average Jl 13; Clusters, single
crates, |1 40ffl 50. average Jl 43. Pears— Bart
lett. boxes. $5c2?Jl 40. average Jl 13. Plums —
Yellow Egg, single crates, average %1 30; Kel
sey Japans, single crates, . 95c@Jl 55. average
II 34. Prunes— Grcs. single crates, Jl 25@1 60.
average Jl 40. Weather very hot. Four cars
sold to-day.
MONTREAL, July 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and real
lzrd the following prices: Pears— Hartlett,
boxes, Jl 4001 63. average Jl 41. Peach's—Brandy
wine. bo«e». average Jl 32; Crawford Cling,
boxes, 4C?!93c, average 84c: Late Crawford,
boxes, average Jl 33; Susquehanna, boxes, Jl 15
(til 40, average $1 23; Yellow Free, boxes, 55e<fj)
$1 40. average Jl 19. Plums— Columbia, single
crates, SI 0.1'g2 20. average $2 07: Yellow Egg.
sincle crates, average J2 05. Prunes — Silver,
single crates, average $2 05. Four cars sold to
day. Weather very hot. •• .
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit to-day and realized the following prices:
BOSTON, Aue. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit sold at auction
to-day 'are as follows: Grapes— Muscat, single
crates, J1©$1 05. average Jl 01. Peara — Bart
letts, boxes, Jl 2.i<S71 £0. average Jl 44; Bart
letts. half boxes, 75<fT3-*>c, average S3c. Peaches—
Crawfords, boxes. 85cCd?l. average 88c; Craw
ford Cllns, boxes, 70Q'75e. average 71c; Susque
hanna. boxes, j0<u90c, average 7Sc. Plums —
Yel'.ow Egg. single crates, 5,1c(gjl 05, average
S8c; Kelsey Japans, single crates, |1©1 60, aver
age $1 30. Prunes— California, single crates,
average $1 05; Hungarians, single crates, 90c@
Jl 29. average II 16; Germans, single crates,
nverace $1 10; Gros, single crates, 70c@U 33,
average Jl H. Eight cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Malagas, sin
gle crates. 9i.'<5'95c. average 93c. Pears, Bart
letts, boxes. 80c®|l SO. average $1 31. Peaches— 1 '
Crawfords. boxes. 43ifi < )3c. average 69c: Elbertas,
boxfs, ttiiSbc, average 74c; Susquehanna, boxes,
COigSoc, averace 76c; Fosters, boxes, 55@G5e.
average 38c. Plums— Kelsey Japans, single
crates, 95c!?J$l CO, average Jl 11; Yellow Egg,
single crates, 93^51 05. average $1 04. Prunes—
Gros. single crates, S5c0$l 25, average $1 04; Sil
ver, single crates, S5c(gU 15. average $1 03;
Hungarians, single crates, SScQIl 23, average
Jl IS; Victoria, single crates, average Jl 15.
Fifteen cars sold to-day. Weather very hot.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears — Bartletts,
boxes, Slc!ix$2 0G. average $1 28. Peaches—Craw
fords, boxes, average S5c; Elbertas, boxe3, 75c
©fl 15, average 99c; Susquehanna, boxes, 70c@
i\ 10, average 95c. Prunes— Ponds Seedlings,
single crates. 90695c. average 91c: Tragedy,
single crates, 75c@$l 20, average $1 16; Gros,
single crates, $1 lO^il 50, average Jl 30. Weather
very net. Seventeen cars sold to-day.
XEW TORK. Aug. 10.— Yesterday's dead
level of stagnation in stocks was slightly re
lieved by one or two features In to-day's mar
ket. The strength In special cases had a sym
pathetic effect In the narrow general market
and earlier weakness was overcome, but the
i advance generally stopped short at about last
night's levei. The exception was Sugar, which
ruled above last night's level all day on opera
tions by recent bull managers In the stock.
There was no news to explain the movement,
but the stock became fairly active in the lat
ter part of the day and rose 2*g over last night,
with which price it closed. Hrooklyn Transit
was Inclined to advance on renewed promises
of change in the control of active management.
Thfre was continued buying of Chicago and
Northwestern after a slight preliminary re
action, the stock rising 1?j over last night,
while the preferred gained 2\i over the last
sale on a single transaction. The buying order
in the stock is said to be for investment ac
count, based on the financial strength exhib
ited by the company in its annual statement.
Efforts were made to' check the downward
movement in National Lead preferred by au
thorized denial of yesterday's rumors that a
bond Issue is Imminent, but the stock slumped
badly in the last hour, falling an extreme 4V»
points, while th? common stock dropped 1 from
the best. St. Paul was sold down a sharp
fraction In the morning on large decrease in
gross earnings reported for the first week In
August. The stock recovered and was about
unchanged at the close. The engagement of
gold for export to-morrow, which amounted to
13,250,000, seemed to be without effect on the
Bentiment. perhaps because the amount will
not figure in to-morrow's bank statement. The
exports were due to the advance in the Bank
of England's price for gold bars and American
eagles, which made shipments feasible In spit*
of a fractional decline In sterling exchange.
None of th» engagements were due to syndi
cate operations for payment of the British
bond subscriptions. The outward demand of
gold for the week Is thus brought to ovjr
W. 000. M0, only J5.300.C00 of which will figure in
the bank statement. Including the payments by
the banks for this amount of the gold ex
ported and allowing for payments by the sub
trea^ury of drafts for gold deposited at Pa
cinc Coast points, the banks have lost to thai
institution J2.160.OG0.
There was nothing of Importance In the bond
market. Total sales, par value, 1555,000. ¦
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, the
3s and old and new 4s declined li and the
5s in the bid price.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
F.hares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
2.1-Vj Atchison 26'i
7.'«K> Atchison prefd 70»fc
1.7'jO Ualtiinore & Ohio 74T»
Canadian Pacific S7
Canada Southern 4S%
COO Cheapeake & Ohio 27tj
Chicago Great Western 11
5.4r.O Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 126V4
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 21
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 01
100 Chicago & Kastern Illinois 97
2.S£0 Chicago & Northwestern 153
JCO Chicago, Rock Inland & Pacific 100
100 C C C ft St Louis 57H:
Colorado Southern 6^
Colorado Southern l*t prefd 41%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson i]2
Delaware. Lack & Wc-ttern 176
Denver & Rio Grande is\i
100 Denver & Ki o Grande prefd.... 6€f 4
Erie io* 4
Erie 1st pr^fd ;. 32V4
200 Greet Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 1314
Hocking Valley 33U '
ICO Illinois Central 116=4
Iowa Central ..* lb%
Iowa Central prefd 42'
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 1514
Lake Erie & Western 27%
Lake Erie- & Western prefd 91
Lake S-hore 209
1,500 LoulsvHle & Nashville '. 7114
900 Manhattan Elevated SOV>
1?O Metropolitan Street Railway 15414
100 Mexican Central ; 1134
CX) Minneapolis & St Louis 56
220 Minneapolis. & St Louis prefd 94
l.i-OO Missouri Pacific 51%
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri. Kansas & Texas <M,£
Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 30V*
3,240 New Jersey Central 123
New Ycrk Central 12914
Norfolk & Western 33y.
Norfolk & Western prefd 73 "
, 1.900 Northern Pacific Bl>i
430 Northern Pacific prefd 71
#¦0 Ontario & Western 20*i
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navicatlcn prefd 76
2.440 Pennsylvania 12%V 3
S40 Reading 16%
700 Reading 1st prefd cj^ 4
Reading 2d prefd 28
Rio Grande Western C3
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
ICO Ft Loul-n & Son Francisco 0«4
Ht Louis A- Pan Fran let prefd C6
St Louis & Kan Fran 2d prefd 33\
SOO St Louis. Southwestern io\4
St Louis. Southwestern -prefd. 2S'£
E,C"0 St Paul lllVi
110 Pt Pnul prvrd 170
LC50 St Paul & Omaha 112
W>0 Southern Pacific 33%
ZZ*> Poutherr. Railway 10T6
Southern Railway pre-fd 51?i
•C.C'Jl Texas & Pacific 14
Union Pacific 59>4
1.4% Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wahasli ic»i
2O0 Wahash prefd 17*;
Wheeling Sr L E 8%
Wheeling & LEM prefd 23H
Wisconsin Central 14
Third Avenue 109
Express Companies —
.Adamfi J24
American ...156
United States '. 45
Wells-Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33*4
American Cotton Oil prefd -SSU
American Malting '4
100 American Malting prefd 21
710 American Smelting & Hefng sr.ti
American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SSV4
American Spirits , jij
American Spirits prefd '. n
1C5 American Steel Hoop jsu
.' American Steel Hoop prefd.. ' c«
2.2C0 American Ste*>l & Wire : " »3&4
American Steel «c Wire prefd '.'.' 73
American Tin Plate " ?2?i
.* American Tin Plate prefd .....}. 76
923 Ameilcan Tobacco *"" 531'
American Tobacco prefd... "i»s *
CM> Anaconda Mining Co ""44
7.1C3 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. .......'.'.'.'.'.' 5714
Colorado Fuel & Iron " 331?
1,(39 Continental Tobacco •"•' o^4
300 Continental Tobacco prefd... rrv
200 Federal Steel 0,5?
Federal Steel prefd tc™
100 General F.lectric *13iu
.'; Glucose Sugar ,.., ......" jsiy
.:..... Glucose Sugar prefd.^-.:;. '.* $$*
• International Paper '........." 2*94
....... Intprnatfnn.il Paper prefd.... '.'. 63
Laclede Ga* ,.i. ,-., 73
100 National Ulscult ....;... ' ' l\v.
170 National Biscuit prefd '"&;
LSCO National Lead yju
Nczl' York Stock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec
Opening 6 2«£ " 6 3*4
Closing ...."r 6 1H 6 2%
PARIS.
Opening 20 35 21 80
Closing 20 33 2175
Flour—
Opening 26 30 28 20
Closing 26 30 2S 10
¦"Tl;e local wool market shews some signs of
Improvement. A pood deal of ¦wool has been
telling at fair prices. The Eastern market is
a!so reported stronger with larger sales, with
prices from 20 to SO per cent Icwer than pre
vailed in l>eo<?ml>er last, but still from 60 to 75
p>er cent higher than in 1M»6. There are sev
eral reasons for the wool market bting so dull
during the last seven months. The principal
ones. are. that manufacturers bought heavily
Jn tftf spring of liSl', when wools were low. and
lollowed up the market until they had nearly
a vrar'n supply of \v<x>I in th-Mr mills; European
markets advanced more than those of the
I'r.itfd States, owing to the belief that there
would not l« enough fine wools to go around;
when the heavyweight season opened goods
¦u-^re In strong demand, but principally the
chear>er kind. The manufacturers us«d from
M to 75 p*r cer.t of cotton and shoddy In their
fabrics and the coarser grades cf wool, which
wer»r lrr.portied as carpet wrjols under a duty
cf 4 cent* r*r pound. The South African war
and ottisr '"^Itical complications demoral!z»d
European trade so much that the market
dropped (rcrn S't to 4" per cent, making It pos
fi! If for crossbred wools to be Imported to
this country, and a great deal more fine wool
showed up than was expected.
"The Importation of wool during the fiscal
year ending June 30. 1900, according to the state
ment of the Treasury Department, amounted
to l^o.SlS.4^5 pounds, comprising:
'•Class 1— Duty lie per »>.. 37.404.243 lb«. ; class
2. duty 12c per lb.. 12.631,223 Ibe. ; claee 3, duty
4c r*r iv^ lC:,,tT2,92S U-s.
"The Importation In Class 3. known as carpet
wool, has been especially large. This is un-
QUPstlonably due to the Increased u»e of car
pet wools in place of strictly clothing wools in
the manufacture of fabrics for men's and
Women's wear.
*The total importation of manufactured wool
en poods for the fiscal yoar ending: June 30. 1900.
ver^ valued only at IHLMUSL. whereas in 18S6
ttey were valued at ?:3.4!»4,4C0. and In 1S97 at
J4S,162.S?2. In 1S56 and 1M>7 goods were worth at
hast from l<) to 60 rx»r cent loss than they are
now. In 18S6 the wool importation amounted
to C3n.:'11.4T3 pounds, and in 1SP7 to 3jfl 0C2 C6
pounds; 1SSS. to »2,nS,aca pounds, and In 1S99.
to Te.rscr'S pounds.
"As to the outlook for the future of the wool
market, it is at: guewwork. This being a
residential election yar, trade is alwavs con
servative. Th? lightweight or spring and sum
mer gorvis season cper.«-d last week, about one
month later than usual, at from 10 to 15 per
c**nt higher than !n«t year, when manufactur
er* had their lofts filled with chr-ap wools, do
mwtie and imported, which they accumulated
from 1S?6 6 r.d ISSL And to-day. If they should
Set any orders, which are at present very slow
they wi!I Lave to eo into the market and buy
»ool. as their lofts arc nearly empty. It will
ert.-u- a demand fcr wool, not raise prices, as
ftt the figures they offer thr>ir goods they will
not he able to pay higher prices than prevail
Our local rnarket closes firm.
Weather Report.
«T<:th Meridian— Pecific Time.)
SAN FltAXCISCO. Aug. 10-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
rrjjorted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka Lo,, Angeles 76
Jresno 6S Sacramento 75
Mount Tarnalia'.s... 6S- Independence .... ' R2
Hod Uluff a Pan Diego ' CS
£fin Luis Ob;ri>o 72
San KianciKco data: Masinjusi temperature.
SS; minimum, C2; mean, .'*. '
WEATHER CONDITIOX.S AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th- pruiUK has fa IIph slowly over the north
ern half of the l*ac;flc slop*- and risen slightly
over the southern half. An area <4 low prep
ture lies over the valley of the Colorado and
extends northwurd into Nevada and Utah.
The temp^arure baa remained nearly sta
tic-nary over the country west of the *Rocky
Mountains. j hroughout California cool weather
prevails and ir, the srreat valley? the tempera
tures are from lo to 12 dtgrees below the nor
mal.
San Francisco <» i>rcbab!>- the coolest place
In the I mte<! State*, while no temperature*
are reported excertMng; P0 degrees in California
txer-pt In tot extreme southwest.
At San Franoisro a. bank of fog isno feet
thick If n*poit»-2 and the t«raj>«?rature a.t Ke»
]<-vel and at liOu elevation are practically the
same.
A maximum velocity of 45 miles per hour
from the northwest is reported from Mount
T«:naJr>al*. Rain is falling In Idaho and West
ern Montana.
Forecast made at Fan Francieco for thirty
Jicurs ending midnight, August IL 1300:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday; con
tinued cocl weather, with westerly wind and
heavy fog on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday- contin
ued cool weather; light westerly wind.
Nevada— Fcir Saturday.
Vtah— Cloudy Saturday; possibly »hower» In
Jaccb Wol!ner"s circular says
The Wool Trade.
The Ftatement of cash In the United States
Treasury for August 1 Is classified as follows:
Reserve Fund—
C;M <~cin and bars $150,00i'.000 00
Trust Fund —
Gr.'.d coin 229.00M79 00
Filver dollars 419.lfC.OflO Cu
Silver dollars of 1SS0 4.271.311 00
fc":!ver bars of ISM 6S.SCC,6>>6 ("0
l"nited states notes 2,Ci>0,000 00
General Fund—
Geld coin and bars C2. 170. 605 S3
Gold certificates 21.3&6.770 00
Silver certificates 8.1.S5.706 00
.'¦¦liver dollars S.217,560 00
Silver bullion 15J.2S6 30
United States notes 26.CSS.065 00
Treasury notes of ISM) GS2.0C0 00
Natimr.l bank notes S.S9S.726 07
Fractional silver coin 7,235,£70 i>0
Fractional currency 125 31
Minor coin „ 4C1.732 47
Mif'-'f-nsneous 40,789 63
National Bank Depositories—
Credit Treasurer V. S 90,555,606 63
Credit V. 6. Dis-b. Officers 5.729,f/Sl 72
Totals 11.105.014.164 56
July 1, |M0 1,105, 495, 430 23
The National Cashbox.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion July 21 were as follows:
is3?. vsy>.
Grid $32,ifl3.7S9 $207,603,409
fUver 4:'3/«,2S3 410.537.294
Treasury S2.ir^.i36 72.fco5.940
Total J527.S40.C0 $631,015,643
During July there was a net increase of
tT.aa.e00 in Gold certificate? and J2.<O0,000 in
Silver certificates, and a net decrease of $2.
400,<X"j in treasury notes. The last named form
cf money has l>een diminished nearly f2rt.OW,©00
ir; the past twelve mor.ths, and will be ever.tu
£l!y closed out.
Coin Certificates.
The Alsterr.'.xe loads wheat for Europe. 3 r is
fd. 5<J leps direct, prior to arrival: the Admiral
Tegetthoff. lumber on Puget Sound for Antofo
gasta; the Bowrr.an B. Law, flour at Portland
for Europe, prior to arrival: the Cabul. wheat
at Taoorr.a for Europe, 4>s. prior to arrival: the
Krankiftan, wheat at Portland for Europe,
prior to arrival.-
Charters.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
"streme northern portion-
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday,
with heavy fog: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 15<222c: dairies,
14S17c. Cheese, firm, 9?i@llc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 12c.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Fieady; No. 2 spring wheat. 73c; No. 3. 70@72^c
f. o. b. ; No. 2 red. 76fi77&c; No. 2 corn, 40%c:
No. 2 yellow. 41Hc; No. 2 oats. 22%c: No. 2
white. 23%c; No. 3 white, 22%c; No. 2 rye. 49%c;
good feeding barley. 35c; fair to choice malt
ing, 39041c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 84; No. 1 North
western, $1 34; prime timothy seed. $3 30"33 40;
mess pork, per barrel. $11 70J711 75; lard, per
100 pounds. $6 70®6 72%; short ribs sides floose),
$7 05@7 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6»i(?7c;
fhort clear sides (boxed). $7 C0@7 70; whisky,
basis pt high wines. $1 23V&. sugar, unchanged.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 7,000
Wheat, bushels 215,000 • 73.000
Corn, bushels 134,000 K6.000
Oats, bushels 42S.OOO 1S2.C00
Rye. bushels 5.000 1.000
Barley, burhels 15,000 2.000
Dun's Review of Trade.
FOR FRIDAY, ArGITST 10.
Flour, <jr ska 21.135.Hay. tons 733
Wheat, ctls 8,»lf>!Straw, tons 15
Barley, ctls 9.435iWlne. gals 2*..V..>
Oats, ctls 3.900 Leather, rolls 50
Corn, East. ctls.. 1.2C0 Quicksilver, fisks 13
Corn, ctls lOjEggs. doz 13,00)
Rye. ctls 2,4S0iPe!ta, bdls 143
Cheese, ctls 107 Hides. No «53
Butter ctls 2831 Middlings, ska... 345
Tallow, ctls 4<> Uran, sks 1.0C3
Wool, bales 167 Onions, sks 6u»
Chicory. bb!s 50 Potatoes, ska 3.034
Lime, bbls 31 Beans, sks o33
OREGON.
FlcuV, qr sks 1.200/
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5T»c; "Wool Bags. 2S^4®3244c; Fleet*
Twine. "He; Fruit Bags. V.iQi\c for white i3U
S^i®S%c tor bleached Jute. '
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton: Sotrtb-fleW
Wellington, 19; Seattle, |7; Bryant. J8; Coos
Bay. $3 50: ¦Wallsend. $3; Co-operatlYe Wall
aend, $9; Cumberland. $12 Jn balls and $13 23 la
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *14. Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke. $18 per ton In bulk and
$13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 43
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR — Prices have baen advanced 13c all
around. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6. 33c; Powdered.
5.95c; Candy Granulated. 5.95c: Dry Granulated.
5.8oc; Confectioners' A. 6.35c: Magnolia A.
6.45c; Extra C. 5.35c; Golden C. 5.25c; barrels.
10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c
more; 50-lb bars. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doin
lnos. naif -barrel*. 6.60c; boxes. 6.83c per lb.
General Merchandise.
The supply of all kinds about balances the
demand, and prices remain unchanged.
BEEF— 6<38c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7g3c; small. »©l0o per Ifc.
MUTTON— Wethers. T}4@Sc: ewes. 7©7%O per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. ViUOc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. *36Mie for small. S^igi^a
for medium and 5H'85*%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 5Vi®5Hc; dressed Hogs. SSSVic
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted.
Steers. 9%c; medium. SHc; light. SSc: Cow
hides. SHc; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip. 13c: Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 20©30c each: short Wool. 30®50o each:
medium. 6033Cc: long Wool. 90c@n 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. $2#2 25 for large. H 75 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts; Hors*
Hides dry. $1 ED for large. $1 25 for medium,
$1 for small and 25®50c for colts. Deerskins—
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium sklss.
30c- winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smootn. 50c;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%c per lb; No.
2. ZQZ^c: grease. 2®2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable aa follows;
Northern fre«. 15®18c: Northern, defective. US
14c- Middle Coonty. free. 14318c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12O14c; Southern Mountain. 13
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' 10®12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9<@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16®17c: Nevada, 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 8910c: <1o Lamba*.
8S0^ic; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 10312c; Moun
tain. 9<510c per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at S©10c per lb; new,
10®12c-
Wool maintains the Improvement already
noted, and there Is now a rery fair demand.
An exhaustive review of the market appeara
in the first column. Hops continue nominaV
and Inactive, and there Is no change In IL.lcp,"
Tallow la reported quieter asatn.
COTTOLENE— One -half barrel. 8v»c; three
half-barrels. fc*ic: one tierce, Sftc; two tierces,
SVsc; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9Hc; 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. lOHc.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10Uc per lb for
heavy, lie for lijr>-» ~>»dinm. IT^ic for light. 13a
for extra light and 14^c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12c: Mesa Beef. |12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14: extra Prime
Pork. ;— ; extra clear. $13; Uess. $16 50; SmokeU
Beef. 12H613C per lb.
The situation remains unchanged, tfte market
for cured meats beteg firmly held, but du!L
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8®10c for Standards and 3
(gllc for softshells: new Almonds, lUjSruo
for paper-shell. 9H@30He for soft and 6§7c for
hardshell: Peanuta, 5®6'~ic for Eastern and
5©6c for California: Brazil Nuts. 11312Hc: Fil
berts. 12Sl=c: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. J3 io
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 12^12Uc for bright and lig
ll^c for light amber; water white. 7^g^, c;
light amber extracted. P.iiye^c; dark, a^^iic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
RAISINS-Bleached Thompson's fancr ner
lb. 10c: choice. 9c: standard. 5c; prime «c'- un
bleached Thompson's, per lb Ge «"lta^a*-_
Fancy. per lb. 8'Ac; choice. V*e-, standard 6^
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas. 5 C - Needle's.'
50-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crnwn, looj-e Muscatels 5V> :
3-crown. 6'ic; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. S2 50: Imperial, $3. Ail
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points la
California.
The local mark?t is steady to firm for all
descriptions, and the Eastern market Is slowiv
hardening, especially for Apricots, Peaches AM
Prunes, the latter being again quoted high r ».
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal: Apricots f/5
Sc for Royals and R«I1O*O for ifoorrar'/a-
Evaporated Apples. S-gec; sun-dried 333U. C
Peaches. 5c for standard. 6c for choice and 7a
for fancy; Pears. S@7Hc: Plums, pitted. 326c
unfitted. ISl'-ic: Nectarines. 4-g5c f<a» red ani
506c for white.
The Cuml Fruit Association l» I^vln? no
stone unturned to make a success O f the Prune
combination. It now announces that mass
meetings are to be held In the different Prune
districts of the State, beglnnt^ to-night. \->
Induce all growers still on the outside to come
In. The Inducement Is. that if all growers
Join higher rrices can be obtained than if 11
per cent stay cut. The combination Is already
strong enoi:;rh for success, but the des'.rc is to
mnke It airtight.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
dole! 250 per bunch:
Melons and Grapes slozv, owing to chilly weather.
Peaches, Pears and Plums in good demand for shipment.
Limes again advanced.
Prune combine to hold mass-jnectings throughout the State.
Dried Fruit market continues to harden slowly.
Proz-isions firmly held, but dull.
Wool maintains its improvement. Hops inactive.
Meat market shozvs no change.
Sugar marked up.
Silver tower. New York Exchange declined.
Wheat av.d Barley about the same.
Oats and Corn firm. Rye weak.
Hay dealers talk of still higher prices.
Feed stuffs as previously quoted, s.
Some Beans being shipped to Nciv York.
Potatoes steady. Onions ditto. Tomatoes lower.
Butter continues its slow advance.
Cheese in large supply and quiet. Eggs unchanged.
Poultry and Game show little variation.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Melons continue to draff, as the cold, foggy
weather has cheeked the demand.
Limes have arain advanced. '
Grapes.' like Melons, are affected by the chilly
weather, and are slow of sale*
Good shipping Peaches. Pears and Plums
maintain the advance established a day or two
celpts F ' ES are decIlnlnK u °der Increasing re-
DECIDUOUsVr'uiTsL" 61 " "'
- ft 6?« L V ES ~ 25<840c V4 " r box* for common and
oOc(&$l Tor good to choice; Crabapples. 20@30c
pe^ m 5i *£* anrt <°«<Kc Per large box.
PEARfe-Bartletts. SSQSOc in boxes and flSQ
22 oO per ton in bulk.
«E£V MS — MO^cper box and crate; In bulk.
PS. W«Per^r- 25<8£0C P " CratC: EgK
PJ&OTP 1 "^!? 5O ® 4 Per chest for large
and IZCitf for small berries
RASPBERRIES— $6^9 i>er chest.
BLACKBERRIES-W35 Per chest
LOGAN HERP.IES— per chest.
HUCKLEBERR1ES-KS6C per lb.
FIGS— 3i<34Cc for single and 50@75c for double
layer boxes. * ,
NECTARINES— White. 25«50c Der box" red
35060c. y " *
PEACHER-20@60c per box and 25®30c 'per
basket: in bulk. $15(322 &0 per ton for freestone
and f2<m2:> for clings.
GRAPES— Fontaine bleau. 35®50c per crate -
Muscats, fiC«&73c per crate; Seedless. 50«<»5c per
crate; S*eetwater. 35<R60c; black, 5Oig7;c- To
kayi50#7;c. ...'.¦,
MELONS-Nutmcgs. 25€«0c per case; Canta
loupes. o0c©$l 25 per crate: Watermelons. |t©u
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenctas, $:®3; Lem..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of Cheese to-day are 14,500, against
6430 at the same time last year, and curiously
enough prices were about the same then as
now. viz: 8@9c for fair to choice. The market
continues quiet, and the majority of dealers are
weak.
Butter rules very firm, and there Is a ten
dency to advance prices.
Eggs are also firm, though no further ad
vance Is reported.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24ff24«4c: sec
onds. 23@23Hc. u-*.*c. sec
Dairy— Fancy. 22c: good to rholce. 19321c
common. 15© 18c. «¦»«..
Creamery tub— 20c Der lb.
Pickled, roll— 20c.
Firkin— lS@20c.
«,£ H - EE^J 3 ~ N ' ew - 9c - fanc y brands higher: old.
?? H C J ouns n d merlca - 10 «: Eastern. 13^©
14c: Western. 10®12c per lb.
EGGS-Quot<?d at l^lDc for store and 21©
24c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, UWSKc
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Turkeys and Geese are doing better, the lat
ter being In demand for the forthcoming Jewish
holidays. Other Poultry rules weak and dull.
Ducks being particularly neglected.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llo for Gobblers
and 12® 14c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 17@19c;
Geese, per pair. $1 5O#2; Goslings, $1 50®2;
Ducks, J31i4 for old and $3® 4 for young; Hens.
$3 59S5; Young Roosters. S4S">; Old Roosters.
$4'3 > 4 50: Fryers. $383 50: Broilers. $2 60®3 for
large and $1 S0@2 for small; Pigeons, $1 50<31 75
per dozen for old and $1 75<32 for Scuabs.
GAME— Doves. 60@C5c per dozen; Cittontall
Rabbits. $1 25®1 50; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare.
$1 25.
Poultry and Game.
Salinas Burbanks are quoted higher. Other
Potatoes are about the same. Onions arw
steadier again. Tomatoes continue to decline.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose. 25®30c: Burbanks. 3533650 for Rivers and
75ct£W per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, l%@l»4c per
pound.
ONIONS — Yellow, 60^S3c p«r ctl; Pickle
Onions. «5S75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c®$l per sack.
90c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1$1 50 for
Alameda: Green Peas, 2®3c per lb; String
Beans, 2.g3Hc: Limas, 5c; Cabbage, 40@50c;
Tomatoes, Klve& 40*S63c: Bay, 40c<3$l: Egg
Plant, 50@75c per box: Green Okra. 35<S50c;
Green Peppers, 35®50c per box for Chill and 40
©•We for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots. 23
6'33c per sack; Summer Squash. 20®30c for Ala
meda: Cucumbers, 13® 30c for Alameda: Pickles.
fl per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Garlic. 2
if 3c per lb: Marrowfat Squash, J 12815 per too.
The Panama steamer took out quite a lot of
Beans for New York. Otherwise there Is noth
ing new.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 SSQ^ 75; Small White. $3 4«
@3 60: large White. $2 60S2 75: Pink. $2®2 85;
Red, $3 2503 £0: Biackeye. 13 50; Lima, $5 30®
5 40- Pea. nominal: Red Kidneys. $134 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Muitard. 4c: Flax, $2©2 20; Canary, JHc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. 2H©3c; Hemp. 4§4u.c; Timo
thy, 44?4%C.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 23®
2 £0 per ctl: Biackeye. $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
The local Hay dealers are talking more con
fidently again, no wthat receipts are less ex
cessH-e, and seem to expect better prices be
fore long.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— 112012 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@13 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. »18©17 BO per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26©27; Jobbing.
$27 50@23; Cocoanut Cake, J2O®21: Corn Meal,
126 60: Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed. 113 50-314.
HAY— Volunteer. i\ £Cfi6 50: Wheat. I1O#12;
Wh-»at und Oat. *3 50-911 50; Oats. $8©10: Clover.
$486; Alfalfa. *6®7 60; Barley. *6 50©S SO per
ton.
STRAW— 23@40c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60<33 73.
usual terms, Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 30; Oregon
and Washington. %2 75@3 13 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15@3 SO for bakers'; Eastern. $4 1ZQ
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. |2 75: Rye Meal. J2 50;
Rice Flour, V. Com Meal. $2 75; extra cream
do 13 5tt; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. t3 50^3 75;
Buckwheat Flour. J4S4 15: Cracked Wheat.
J3 50- Farina, $* 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 23;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®7 25: In sacks, »o 73
©7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, J3; Green
Peas, *5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— Another lot of 1200 ctls of Eastern Is
at hand, and sales of 2 cars at Jl 20 per ctl.
sacked, are reported! This shows a rather firm
feeling.
Eastern, $1 20; Calif ronia Large Yellow,
$1 17H01 20 per ctl: White, Jl 17HSI 20;
Small Round Yellow, %l 1"H©1 20.
RYE— 9CKg93%c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— December — 1000 ctls, 73*4c;
2000, 79%c; 14.000. 79^.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000
ctle, 79c; 2000. 79Vic: 40CO. 79%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues firmly held, but
then* Is not much going on at the moment.
White. $1 1001 35; Surprise. SI 35421 40: Red.
$1 10@l 22%: Gray. »1 10@l 20; Black. Jl 07U®
1 22% per ctl: off grades of all kinds. Jl»l 07V-.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago continued nuiet and featureless. Ca
bles, except from France, were weaker, owing
to better weather In Great Britain. The Michi
gan crop was estimated by the State report at
10,000,000 bushels, and the Kansas crop at 73,
000/00. The Kansas -.'orn crop was estimated at
54.000.000 bushels. It is the belief that corn will
go higher without eood rains In the near fu
• ture.
The local market was dull and easy, with a
decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shlpplng-*1 05; Milling. $1 07%
@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
.2000 ctls, SI 12%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 45O> ctls,
*1 12%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 12%.
BARLEY— The market Is dull and unchanged.
Feed. 77HS78?4o for No. 1 and 70@7oc for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, S2M>{$
S7'/ic; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Paris shows more strength than
any other market at present, owing to the un
favorable condition of the French crop, and
the French are large buyers at New York.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 85
Sterling Cables ., :.... — 4 9«
New York Exchange, sight — 7VJ
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — S0T4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4iVa
Wheat and Other Grains.
S50 National Lead prefd/. 90
100 National Steel 25
National Steel prefd S3^
100 New York Air Brake 134
North American 15^4
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd. 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
luO Pacific Mall ZO l A
200 People's Gas 99%
100 Pressed Ste-1 Car 40
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71H
125 Pullman Palace Car 1S5
Standard Rope & Twine 3
S3.610 Sugar 12474
Sugar prefd 116
475 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70 l ,4
1-5 United States Leather 10^
United States Leather prefd CSV*
470 United States Rubber 2S
United States Rubber prefd 92Vi
Western Union 79^4
325 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10%
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 51
P C C & St Louis 60
103,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s res ref, M K & T 2ds 6S%
when Issued 103U Do 4s 91%
Do coup 103U N Y Cent lsts.,..108Vi
Do 2s retr 100 N J Cent gen 5s. .122
Do 3s reg 10S% Northern Pac 3s.. 65',*
Do 3s coup lOSH Do 4s .104
Do new 4s reg..l31»i N Y C & St L 4s. 107^4
Do 43 coup 131*i Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Do old 4s reg. ...114V» Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s COUP..114H Do 4s 102«4
Do 5s reg 112% O S Line 6s 125%
Do 5s coup 112& Do con 5s 112
Dist of. C 3.65s... .122 Reading Gen 4s.. S9%
Atchison gen 4s. .101 R G W lsts 93U
Do adjt 4s 84 St L & I M con 5s.llOVi
Canada So 2ds 10S St L & S F Gen 6S.122
C & O 4%s 93% I St Paul con 167
Do 5s .'. 116i,4 St P C & P lsts. .117
C & N con 7s. ...139 Do 5s 11SH
Do S F Deb 5s. .122 S P 43 78"4
Chicago Term 4s.. 92Vi So Ry 5s 108%
Solo So 4s Substandard R & T 6s 6S
D & R G lsts 102 iTex & Pac lsts... 11&
Do 4s 98 Do 2ds 55
Erie Gen 4s 83 Union Pacific 4S...105&4
Ft W & D C lsts 71H Wabash lsts 116**
Gen Electric 5?... lloii Do 2ds 101
Iowa Cent lsts J13 jWest Shore 4s 112
K C P & G lsts.. 69 WIs Cent lsts 8v*i
L & N Uni 4s.... 9SV« Va Centuries SI)**
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ophir 65
Crown Point 12 [Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va.... 1 35:Qulcksilver 1 .%
Deadwood 451 Do prefd 6 50
Gould & Curry 12;Flerra Nevada 35
Hale & Norcross... 20 Standard 4 00
Homestake 50 00! Union Con 15
Iron Silver W Yellow Jacket 23
Mexican 12 Ontario 8 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific 59%
Call loans 2@3 Union Land 2
lime loans 3ft4 l 6 West End 93
Stocks— Westlngh Elec... 45 .
A T & St Fe 26»i W'ls Cent 14
Do prefd 70'j Bonds —
American Sugar ..124% Atchlson 4s 99U
Do prefd 116 Mining Shares-
American Tel 142V4 Adventure 2H>
Boston & Albany.. 24a Allouez Mln Co.. 1
Boston El 143^i Amal Copper 57%
Boston & Maine.. 1SS Atlantic 23
C B & Q 126U Boston & Mont. ..303
Dominion Coal .... 43 Hutte & Boston.... 31
Do mxfd "...HOH Calumet. & Hecla..745
Federal Steel 33'ij Centennial 15
Do prefd 65^4 Franklin 13^
Fltcnburg prefd. ..135 Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 131V4 Osceola 67^4
Ed Elec 111 205 Parrott 40&i
Mexican Cent lll'i Qulncy 134
Mich Tel 85 «anta Fe Copper.. 4^±
N E Gas & Coke., lfii Tamarack 19S
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion ISHiVlnona 3 l i
Rubber 27Jj:iVolverlnes 39
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK, Aug. 10.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 9, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Pet. Pet
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $703,472,917 .... 22.7
Boston 107.304,423 .... 9.2
Chicago 118.570.5S2 .... . 24.8
Philadelphia 77.161.843 .... 2.0
St. Louis 2S,9C2,9(iO .... 4.6
Pittsburg 25.683.637 6.2 ....
Baltimore 17,i<23.«>2
San Francisco 1",:U9,7C3 ....
Cincinnati 13,423,700 2.2 ....
Kansas City 15,126.001 17.2
New Orleans 7.133.619 26.9
Minneapolis 9,13>5.721 17.6
Detroit 9,755,017 3.9 ....
Cleveland 12.721.89S 29.2
Louisville 7.C32.629 8.8
Providence 5.420.f.<TO 14.7
Milwaukee 5.518,721 12.6
St. Paul 4.081,752 12.2
Buflalo 4.&32.451 .... 5.9
Omaha 5.4S\627
Indianapolis 5.782.397 11.7 ....
Columbus. Ohio.... 4.461.3'<0 IS. 8
Savannah 1,790,290 41.7
Denver S.CIS.CSO 75.9
Hartford 2.220.594 12.3
Richmond 3,373,423 15.1
Mrmrhi* 1.646.655 16.3 ....
Warhington 2.S90.008 8.9
Peoria 1.0SS.369 2.4
Rochester 1.1C4.332 5.2
New Haven :... 1.299.913 28.3
Worcester 1,121,155 .... 1.8
Atlanta 1.403.547 9.4
Salt Lake City 1.CCS.763 .... 29.7
Springfield. Mass... 1.253.770 14.3
Port Worth 1.S71.542 67.8
Portland. Me 1,050,363 .... 25.0
Portland. Or 1.791,475 U.8
St Joseph 4.291.972 27.0
Los Ang'eles J.440.430 33.6
Norfolk 1.234.C10 . 18.6
Syracuse 474,668 . 2.2 ....
Des Molnes 1,232,966 14.2
Nashville 1,114,833 .... 21.4
Wilmington, Del 874,138 5.4 ....
Fia.ll River C79.140 .... 2.0
Fcranton 1,881.056 7.1
Grand Rapids 1,1?9,56» 6.8
Augusta. Ga 647,192 , 1.4
Lowell B04.2S2 '
X>ayton. Ohio 900.983 \ 2.2
Seattle 2,792,310 36.3
Tacoma 997,539 .... 5.2
Spokane 953.311 4.7
Sioux City 965,269 45.1
New Bedford 394,715 12.6
Knoxvllle, Tenn 461.618 16.7
Topeka 893,633 4S.8
Birmingham 710,013 25.2
Wichita 499.C53 4.0 ....
JJinghamlon 34J.4OO S.2
Lexington, Ky 606,289 47.7
Jacksonville, Fla... 205.337 6.2
Kalamazoo 395,326 6.7 ....
Akron 4S5.1C0 23.4
Chattanocra 373.SS2 20.3 -
Ro^kford. Ill 233.635 1.7
Canton. Ohio 200,000/ - 5.6 ....
Springfield. Ohio... 464.SM 48.3
Fargo, N. D 24O.2SS .... 25.4
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 125,151 11.6
Hastings, Neb 155.3S8 32.4
Fremont, Neb 135.7C9 35.0 ....
Davenport 987,236 3.5 ....
Toledo 2,383.273 3.1 ...:
Galveston 4.153,000 .... 4.2
Houston 4,749,356 .... 4.6
Helena 8S1.806 40.6
Evansvillo 763,620 11.3 ....
Macon 670.CO0 46.5 ....
Little Rock :... 435.580 37.2
Springfield, 111 44S.257 I 13.4
Youngstown 26S.5SS 1.9 ....
Totals U. S 11,271,409,458 .... 16.2
Totals outside N.
Y 667,936.011 6.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,907,909 12.3
Toronto ;.. 8.352.3S6 3.2 ....
Winnipeg 2.0TG.156 '7.5
Halifax 1.709.488 8.6
Harrilton 753.973
St. John, N. B E63.1CS 17.0
Victoria. B. C S68.9C8 .... 7.s
Vancouver 1,020,516 4.5 ....
Totals 23.8fi7.CO3 7.7
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— Trading In evaporated
apples was rather quiet to-day. The undertone,
however, was steady owing to an absence of
selling orders. Prices remain unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
Wcc; prime, 4&S5&C; choice, 5Hc; fancy, C%
ii'c.
California dried fruits ruled dull, but about
steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. <
A PRICOTS— Royal. lKZ?14c ; Moorpark. 150>17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14®lSc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts. 21.
412 barrels; exports, S631 barrels; sales, 7800
packages. Market steady but very slow, with
buyers end sellers- 15c apart.
WHEAT — Receipts, 155.162 bushels; sales.
3,100,000 bushels futures, 600,000 bushels exports.
Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, SOV&c I. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, £2%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
84Hc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth, 87%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options — Were steady to firm
all day, with a very light speculative trade.
Early foreign buying, together with the
strength In corn, further raina in the North
west and renewed cash demand furnished the
sustaining factors. The market closed steady,
Me advance. Sales Included No. 2 red Septem
ber, 80 15-16@S1 5-16c, closed 81^c; December,
S2 13-lCifi$3V&c, closed S3c.
HOPS— Steady.
xiliJtiS I* Irni. - -
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE-Steady; No. 7 Invoice, 9tfc; mild,
steady; Cordova, nominal. Futures closed firm,
with prices 15 to 25 points net higher. Total
sales. 2S.750 bags. Including: September. $7 80
@7 S5; November, $80B8 05; December, $8 10SJ
8 20; January, $S 15<fiS 23; March, JS 25<&3 3C;
April, $8 45; May, $S 3J@8 45.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. 4 15-16c:
centrifugal. 9G test, 4%c: molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, firm.
BUTTEK-Receipts. 4139 -«. packages; firm.
Creamery, 17@20c; current packed factory, 14@
15%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7562 packages: steady. West
ern at mark. 13V4C for average lots; Western
loss off, loY>c. ',
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Money on call, steady.
lMi'jnH per cent; last loan, IVi per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 45*» per cent. Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S7»i@4 87% for demand and at $4 S4
for sixty days. Posted rates, ?4 S5ip4 85V4 and
JISD. Commercial bills. $4 83',if * S3>i. Silver
certificates. Cmffi62%c. Bar silver. 60%c. Mex
ican dollars, 48%e. State bonds, inactive; Gov
ernment bonds, weak; railroad bonds. Irreg
ular.
jiVcto York Grain and Produce.
* L
New York Money Market,
LONDON, Aug. 10.— Atchlson, 27%: Canadian
Pacific, S9V4; Union Pacific preferred. 77%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 73U: Grand Trunk,
S'.i; Anaconda, S%: Rand. 40',{,: bar sliver quiet,
2Sd per ounce; money, 3Vi per cent.
CLOSINO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was some slight Increase of business in
the markets here to-day and in the latter part
of the sessldn the tone was notably harder in
the closing of contracts by the bears, particu
larly in home rails. Induced by the rumor that
the Chinese were suing for peace through LI
Hung Chanc. Americans remained about as
they were yesterday, comparatively neglected.
Tlntos were hard at 57. Paris talking boldl;.- of
70 for them. Anacondas continued to droop, the
movement beins: without explanation. The
bank bought £22,000 gold and lest '£21,000 id
Brazil.
London Market.
¦if *
NEW TORK, Aug. 10.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say:
Progress has been made toward a more
stable position of business, with a few more
heavy contracts to- hold the ground already
gained; but for a proper Interpretation of the
week's results, one must look beyond Wall
street operations, where more than any other
quarter, the vacation season is leaving its im
press of Inactivity. Speculation is cautious,
but investment holdings are being increased
rather than diminished and operators cannot
see that their hesitation on the ground of poll
tics is echoed any more In general business
circles than two- months ago.
Small change appears in railroad stocks, in
dustrials are $1 higher and traction Issues a
shade lower. Working forces are smaller and
will soon be further reduced, probably for .three
weeks, by the eloping down of cotton mills In
New England, which has been delayed longer
than expected: but our strength Is evidence to
the world by the oversubscription here of the
new British loan of £10,COO,000 on about a 3%
per cent basis, of which over half is allotted
to the American applicants.
London sales of 40,000 shares of stocks and
some bonds, and American purchases of the
new foreign loan, explain why gold goes out
In the face of foreign commerce returns, which
show for New York alcne for the week an ex.
cess of exnerts over imports of more than $3,
000,000. Exports' for the week of $12,763,719 were
more than double those of the some period of
189S, and for the year the gain is over J8.j,000,0CO,
while imports gain only $20,000,000. The money
market Is untroubled by financing of the for
eign loan, though the volume of new commer
cial loans 1"? well sustained.
Cotton fell so eharply that somfi recovery oc
curred In an oversold speculative market and
ppot rold at 10c' when the official report'ap
peared, notwithstanding many indications of
further reduction In consumption. Wheat ad
vanced about a cent, helped by poor foreign
crop reports. The domestic outlook Is fairly
cheerful and farmers have marketed freely.
Receipts at interior cities aggregated 6.2S7.5S1
bushels, against 3.91S.216 last year, and 2.44"6.
417 bushels In 1S9S. Exports from Atlantic ports
wen? only 1.720.9G3 bushels— wheat and flour In
cluded— against 2,503,344 bushels last year, al
though purchases on foreign account were
large and promise an Increased movement
hereafter.
Corn pains 2c with the aid of dry weather
reports and is 8c above the price at this time
last« year. Both receipts nnd exports for the
week fell more than a million bushels below
the same week in 1S90. Improvement is slow in
boots and shoes, with only a small percentage
of Eastern shoe factories at work. The textile
markets have been free from such features as.
marked recent divisions of prices, but price
is of fair volume. Ix>ss of the Chinese market
has put ccarse brown cottons in a bad position,
other grades being less seriously affected. In
w»olen goods reorders are not up to expecta
tions.
Manufacturers show more interest in the
wool market, taking fair quantities and seek
ing fewer concessions. The tone is firmer,
thoueh prices are unchanged.
Failures for the week were 177 In the United
Statep, against 126 last year, and 23 in Canada,
against 29 last year.
¦lightweight", season has opened with prices
-'4® 10 per cent higher than a year ago, and
much depends on the attitude- of buyers in
guiding manufacturers as to purchases ; of raw
material. While the dry goods- demand as a
whole is still classed as backward for the sea
son, the hot weather is credited with some of
the responsibility, and the trade attitude as a
rule Is one of hopeful expectancy. ,
An Immense business in steel products is re
ported booked at Plttsburg and Chicago, and
steel bars are really firmer with an advance of
J4 per ton announced by "Western manufactur
ers,'who have sold their output up to the close
of the year. Piglron is still rather neglected,
but Inquiry f C r this material Is really better
at the South, largely on export account and fur
nace shut-downs are so numerous as to Indi
cate an adeauatC*reallzation of the fact that
the root of the evil is In the output of crude
material. Current production Is claimed to be
the lightest for more than a year past and fur
ther announcements of shut-downs are sched
uled as far ahead as September 1. A signifi
cant feature of the trade Is the strength of
structural material. A large quantity of ma
terial is reported npeded for railroad renewals,
hut steel rails are also nominally unchanged at
$33 i»r ton. The other metals are dull and tin j
Is weak here p.nd abroad at a recession from
last week's quotations. t
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
wppk aggregate 3.31R.7G0 bushels, against 3,327.
003 last weok, 3,616,154 In the corresponding week
of 1599. 3,92S,606 In 1898, 4,460,519 in 1897 and
2,fi35.21C in 1896.
From July 1 to date this season wheat exports
are 17.SS7.629. aralnst ,125,C60 last season and
1S.364.72S In 1S9S-S3.
raw material, a great deal hinges "on the next
month's business In dry goods circles. > It Is
regarded as certain that with a 11,000,000 bale
crop values will be maintained at prices lower,
it Is true, than the present quotation for raw
material, -. but still high when compared with
last or previous years' range. The spring
CORN — Spot — Firm: American mixed new, 3s
HHd; American mixed old. 3s ll'id. Futures—
Firm: September, 4s *id; October. 4s Hd; No
vember, 4s %A.
WHEAT — Spot — Finn; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 34d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4Hd; No.
1 California, 6s 4dg6s 5d. Futures—Steady;
September. 6s V&d; December. 6s 2%d.
try markets, weak; weather In England, un
settled. -
COTTON— Uplands. 5 19-?2d.
CLOSINQ.
Provisions were very dull and rather easy.
Lower hog prices resulted In a small opening
decline and not enough interest was taken In
the market to cause any further material
change in price or tone. Outsiders were mod
erate sellers. At the close September pork
was 2%c lower; lard 5c lower and ribs 2;ic
lower. • ' ! .
The leadlner futures ranged as follows:
1 Articles— Opem High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 73'K 73*; 754 73-,-i
September i..,. 76 . 76>4 75"i 76
October 77 77»6 76% 76%
Corn No. 2—
August .. 35^ 40 33«,i 39 vi
September 20>4 39% 39 39Vi
October 3S«i 39*, 38V4 39Vi
Oats No. 2—
August 21% 22 21% 22
Sf-ntnnber 22VI 22 W » 22Vi . Z2%
October .• 22Ms 22% 22% 22V
Mess rcrk, per barrel —
September 1170 1175 11 67*4 11 72*4
October 1173 11 SO 11 72^ 11 SO
Lard, per 100 pounds—
September 6 724 6 75 6 72% 6 724
October 6 SO 6 80 6 73 6 77Vi
January 6 65 665 660 660
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 10 7 124 7 074 7 12%
October 7 05 7 074 7 05 7 07%
January 6 05 6 05 6 05 C 05
the" long side of the market. After the flrat
half hour's trading the market became very
dull, with the price fluctuating lazily between
76c and 76^ic. It was too hot for the average
broker - to take much Interest and trading
for the most part was left to a small coterie
of scalpers. - The tone kept fairly steady to
the close, which was at 76c.
Corn, considering the dullness of other mar
kets, was quite active and strong. Drought
and hot winds were. still prevailing, with little
prospect of relief. The demand from shorts
was at' times quite sharp and offerings were
light all day. September closed %c higher,
at 39Hc. ¦
Oats were dull, but steady as a rule. Sep
tember closed H@Hc higher at 22%c.
THE SAN FKASTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO..; Aug. 10.— The Liverpool market
again showed Its - independence of America by
showing a decline to-day end this fact had a
depressing effect on local • traders at the open-
Ing.' September started at 73%@76c, a decline
of Uc. This marked the low point of the day.
Outside I of : the I Ll\-erpool I decline. : which 1!
wao explained was caused by more favorable
weather conditions In the United -Kingdom,
the news rather favored better prices. The
Northwest ' told of » rains - and extreme hot
weather, with . consequent injury ¦ to grain s In
shock. "Argentine shipments were much- below
thOHe of a year ago and corn showed a stron<
desire to reach the 40-cent mark. Local trader!
were good buyers after the surprise occasioned
by -the action of the Liverpool market ha.i
died away * and - in addition \ there . was a fair
demand through'; commission houses. To off
set i the crop ¦ damage news ." was ; the estimate
of , 78,000.000 • bushels of , wheat as the ; crop ,n
Kansas. ; These ¦¦: tremendous figures made a
cood many traders hesitate about settlne on
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
Family Retail Market.
Butter is a?ain dearer. Egsa and Cheest ?.t%
unchanged. * 7
Poultry i» ver y abundant and about as cheap
as it ever gets. There Is no change in Meats.
Fruits and Vegetables are in thetr usual good
supply and prices seldom change much at this
time of the year.
Fish Is lower.
Coal, per ten —
Cannel J ©13 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. <WU CO Wellington -Sill W
Seattle 9 CC^— .Coos Bay @ 7 a
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr...iO«33 Ranch Eggs per
Do. per roll *'.'rtlj dozen 23S3O
Cheese. Cal WtilS Honey Comb, per^
Cheese, Eastern... X'SS 20 pound 1*313
Cheese. Swiss 20€33 Do, extracted.'.!lOS12
Common Eggs 17@29 V ;
Meats, per lb —
Bacon Km: Pork, salt ..12i?r.
Beef, choice 136J3 Pork Chops 153.J
/ , r) °. ' «£>.• IW12 Round Steak ilOtfU
.Corned Beef —©10 Sirloin Steak 15tt—
>**rn. taitern.. l.vQi. 't i Porterhouse do...20f?r»
Jf"^ 1 r —<31"> Smoked Beef — <ffl3
Mu «on T 10(513 Pork Sausages.. 12V--O
Spring Lamb 12tfl5 Veal 7.......2$x
Pork, fresh 13<&2O|.
Poultry and Game —
S"""- 5C@63|r>ucks. each 50§€3
~?i? Koosters - , n-> _£«se. each... n 50^1 73
ni e f f c £ -v -«C?*T3 Pigeons, pair. WCSO
Turkey's. Kte^S D ° VeS ' *" ta —« l w
Fruits and Nuts—
00 *,* ¦ -.- 4«S Si Nutmeg Melon*. ' 1
Almonds, per lb..is«r— each . A? 5
Apples .. 41} 3 'oranges. dos.'.'.V^fTO
Bananas, dozen.. .150» Lemons. dozen.. "Mtf:o
Blackberries. dr..E«35| Nectarines, periods
Crabapplea. per lb \® 51 Plums, per 1b 4© 5
fe AUCTION SALE fe>
TT7ESDAT. Aug. 14. i 5 ry> at n a. m
on exhibition? eU bro - ien - Stock now
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCTUNCT
J21 HOWARD ST.
£* <WST COME IIS ! fc,
20 head CHEAP HORSES and MTt.ES
CHASE & ME.VDEXHAIX,
* 1TC2 Market st.
Auction saledHaywards Board of Trade.
HATWARDS, Aug. 10.— The Haywarrts
Board of Trade has elected the following
efflters for the ensuing year: P. WIebert,
president; G. A. Oakes, vice president;
Otto Emerson, secretary; D. Chlaholm.
treasurer: G. Foyne. financial secretary:
H. Brunner, representative to County
Board of Trade. The secretary was In
structed to send to the State and county
boards of trade 1G0O copies each of pam
phlets descriptive of Eden Township.
1113 Broadway. Aug. 10.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
Because he persisted In burning news
papers on the floor of his room to keep
warm John E. Shreck, an aged German,
wlio lived for a number of years in a
lodging-house at 462 Ninth street, was
taken Into custody to-day on suspicion of
insanity. He Is confined In the ward for
the insane and will be examined to-mor
row.
A. S. Edgerly. proprietor of the house
•where Shreck roomed, lodged the com
plaint against the old man. He stated
that several days ago Shreck built a fire
on the floor of his room composed of news
papers, and after saturating - them ¦with
coal oil applied a match. When the door of
the room was burst open the flames had
eaten through the carpet and some dlfll
culty was experienced In extinguishing:
them. But for the,timely discovery of
the fire the building 'would have been de
stroyed.
While the fire blazed merrily Shreck lay
nude upon the fionr. and when asked why
he acted so strangely said that he was
trying to keep warm.
On several occasions, according: to the
landlord, the old man has turned on the
gas. but each time was discovered before
he had Inhaled much of the deadly fluid.
This morning Shreck was found lying on
the floor of his room too weak to arise.
Shreck was at one time a wealthy dry
goods merchant. With the exception of
a niece. Mrs. Agnes Kaelin of 1320 Eighth
street, he has no relatives in California.
Aged John £. Shreck, a Former
Wealthy Merchant, Betained.
in Hospital Ward for
the Insane.
Demented Man Endangers
Lives of Lodging-House
Occupants.
BUILT A FIRE
ON THE FLOOR
TO KEEP WARM
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Aug. 10.
John Stewart, formerly the proprietor
of a collection agency In Oakland. Is
charged by his uncle. John Stewart, with
having misappropriated $350 Intrusted to
his care. The charge is made In a suit
filed by John Stewart, the uncle, against
Robert Kuerzel.
After the failure of John K. Stewart.
a Berkeley grocer, the ex-collector was
elected assignee by the creditors. John
Stewart, the present plaintiff, and Rob
ert Kuerzel became his bondsmen In the
sum of J10.000 each.
When the affairs of the insolvent had
been settled up JD50 remained for the cred
itors, but when claims amounting to
$731 33 were presented Bondsman Stewart
stated that his nephew had decamped with
the money which was in his hands as as
signee. Stewart alleges that an agree
ment was then made between Kuerzel and
himself whereby each bondsman was to
stand liable for half of the creditors' to
tal claims. With this understanding the
elder Stewart settled bills amounting to
$731 35. In his complaint he states that
Kuerzel has refused to pay his portion
and Is therefore sued for $363 68.
The accused nephew has not been In tills
city for several months.
Was Assignee of a Berke
ley Grocer.
Ex-Collector's Misappropriation Said
to Have Been Made While Ea
John Stewart Is Accused
of Taking Funds in
\ His Care.
CHARGED WITH
EMBEZZLEMENT
BY HIS UNCLE
LOS ;ANaELES, ; Auc 10.'— An •: ice - famine Is
threatened here as a result of the large amount
of ¦ Ice i now.i being i used by j. both ¦ the . Southern
Pacific and the SantaFe in. the transportation
of fruit across the continent.
SANTA CRUZ. Aus.'lO-— A boy named Victor
Bowman met with a serious accident yesterday
at Laurel. He felled . a tree, and as It ' fell ¦ It
Btruck ? another tree and rebounded, striking'
young Bowman, breaking; his leg and Injuring
his head. : . :. . -.-.' ','.
Seeks Legal Separation.
OAKLAND* Aug. 10.— Mary p. Thorn
ton has sued for a 'divorce, from Thomas
Thornton," charging him with extreme
There was music and revelry and' the
trippine of the llpht fantastic toe at tha
Occidental last night. The occasion was
en Impromptu hop given In honor of the
Ninth CavaJry. the officers of which are
making the famous hostelry their head
quarters while In the ci*\ Music wus
furnifhed by the regimental band, and Us
excrllence was most flatteringly com
tnented upon. The dance was held In the
jtmall dining:- room and was u pronounced
ft ¦ <-«-stj. There were twelve official num
fberB on the programme, but the pleasures
of the guests were not -confined to that
tlmlt of dances. Li^ht refreshments were
served. . . „_ . . . ¦ . .
Ulnth Cavalry Hop.
Funeral of Colonel McElroy.
OAKLAND. Aug. 10. — The funeral of the
late Colonel J. P. McElroy took place thi3
afternoon under the auspices of Company
A. Vt-tprjn Reserves. A number of Grand
Army men were present. The R«v. E. R.
Iiille ofilclated. The interment was at
Mountain View Cemetery.
x>eath of Mrs. Sarah York.
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— Mrs. Sarah A.
York, wife of Deputy City Superintendent
of Schools R. B. S. York, died suddenly
this afternoon at 3 o'clock at her resi-
<3ence. 483 Thirtv-fourth 6treet- Mrs. York
had been ill from a severe headache since
llonday. Her husband desired that a
physician be called, but Mrs. York did
not believe that tho attendance was
necessary. To-day she felt very much
better. She left her bed this afternoon
end .went to an adjoining bath room. Her
pon Ralph shortly afterward heard a fall,
and -rushed to the room, only to find his
mother prostrate and unconndous. She
ci**d before I>r. Maycn. who had been sent
?<>r. arrived at the house. Mrs. York was
<» years old. and a native of India. There
ere five children. The funeral arrange
ments will b« made to-morrow.
Olympic Club Events.
A special feature of the San Mateo
Agricultural Association's ..fair at \ Tan
foran will be athletic games under the
direction of the Olympic Club.
The Olympic Club will give a billiard
tournament at the Olympic Club House
commencing October 1.
There will be a class "B" tournament
open to all amateur players on the Pa
cific - Coast, barring ~ Messrs. Mitchel.
Heinecke, Slgourney and Wright, it being
admitted that these gentlemen by reason
of their superior skill, rightfully beU>ng
to class "A." . • :¦ • . . ¦ .*
All entries are to be filed with .the com
mittee on or -before September 15,
and subject In every case to the approval
of the committee. -r ,:*.
The club offers three prizes, the first>to
be a challenge • emblem ¦, representing the
class -"B" ¦' amateur -championship, of the
Paciflc Coast,; the. same to be subject to
challenge by any of the contestants in
the : tourney or any future class ,"B"
tournament, every thirty days, and ' to
become | the property, ct whoever I wins it
six times, not necessarily consecutively.
J ,Bwlmming at Sutro's.
Th« swimming contests at Sutro Baths
on Sunday will be- as follows: ¦ »
Fifty-yard dash, Juveniles— M. Roach, F.* Mey
er, D. Shipley, B. Hansen, E. Harrison," J. Pat
ton, C.~ Thompson. R. Herman, F. Paine,' C.
Crist. F. Magner, . A. " Martinz, D. S Hand, E.
Kgan. H. Plxon. H. Ramsay.
' Under water swimming j contest, diving for
plates and high diving for boys— Open to all..
One'hundred. yard race, amateurs— G. • Wal
lace. A. Clayton. M. Rampay. ' E., Raf noldt." J.
O'Brien, G. Mitchell. A. Hoffman. J.' Bradley
II. Eeebach, R. Cordell, H.-Wllbert.
. Trick and fancy • springboard diving— R. • Cor
dell. M. Ramsa>vC. Butterworth. G.= Kelly. J.
Henckett, H. Dodson, : A. Martins. F. ; Magner.
C. Crist, F. "Wolfe; • F. Paine." P. Brown, C
Duke, P., Logan, W. Cook, E. Raynoldt, F. Car
roll. iflkWWI IffliiHliMff'llllMHIIlMitillMfUkiJjiti
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TO
RECLAIM MARSH LAND
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The Southern Pa
cific Company will soon commence work
on the reclamation of the marsh land be
tween First and Fifth and Cypress and
Union streets, for the purpo?e of enlarg
ing Its freight yards. A spur track has
been run from the main line, and dump
oars are now being run to the edge of the
marsh.
The enlarged yards will give greatly ln
ereaped facilities for the proper handling
of freight. The railroad company is also
reclaiming eight acres of land Just south
of the mole. On this reclaimed land there
will be fw«rted a roundhouse and machine
shops which will employ 900 men.
Union street, between Taylor and Jones. 23:6
by 120 feet, with improvements, 12000; west Bitle
of Vermont street, near Humboldt. 25 by 120
feet, $400; west side of Eighteenth avenue, be
tween H and I streets, 25 by 120 feet, $700;
Nineteenth avenue, between II and 1 streets.
50 by 120 feet. 11500; north Bide of Broadway,
between Van Ness avenue and Franklin street
C0:6 by 137:6 with Improvements, $10,000; Church
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty
third, 24:10 by 70 feet, with Improvements, new
house, one of four Just completed. $3000; Twen
ty-seventh street, near Church, 47 by 105 feet,
with improvements, $1500.^v.^w
Plans for the expensive hew church
structure to be erected in the Western
Addition by the congregation of Cavalry
Presbyterian Church will soon be pre
pared. Architect C. C. McDougall has re.
turned from the. East and has a report
to submit to the church trustees. This
embraces pictures of and descriptions of
Eastern churches, which will be consid
ered by tne building committee. The new
church building will be one of the finest
on the coast.
Building contracts have been recorded
as follows:
George C. Alferitz with William Horstmeyer
& Co., alterations and addition to frame build
ing, on the northwest corner of Green and
Montgomery streets, cost S2727; David Kell with
"W. L.. Holman and James S. Fennell, for one
passenger and one freight elevator and for al
terations and additions .to make a five-story and
basement brick and wood building, on the north
line of Mission, 165 feet : West of Fourth cost
$£8,134; George P. TalUnt with O. A. Craemer
for two-story basement and attic frame dwell
ing-house, on the east line of Walnut, 63:10V6
south of Pacific street, cost $2000;. Mrs. L.
Pchoenberg with John Flaherty, for two-story
frame residence with finished 1 attic and base
ment, on north line of Pacific avenue, 72:6 feet
west of Octavla, cost $7500; Charles Genhardt
with A. C. Soule. C. G. Stuhr and E. Smith for
four frame buildings; consisting of eleven flats,
with basements and attics, . on the southeast
corner of Eddy and Franklin streets, cost $31,
214; Cooper Medical College with the Davls-
Mumma Company, for an electric lighting sys
tem for the college ' buildings, cost $2350: • J.
Dupas and K. Gassman with F. Wazner. C.
Bchutt, Henry Krst and G. Oral, for a three-
Story basement and : frame building, '. on- the
north line of Jackson street, 25 feet west of
Larkin. cost $20,064; D.'8. Dorn with Petterson
& Persson and \V. S. Snook & Son. for a two
story frame residence, on the : northwest V cor
ner of Fell street and Central avenue, -cost
$40C3; Miss Ellen Pore with Relnhold Stone, for
a two-story frame building, flats, on the east
line of. Koe street, ¦ 91:6 north of Seventeenth
utreet. cost $4&€2; Christiana Attlnger with H
H. Walker. - for ¦ a ¦ two-story frame I building
flats, on the west line of Eureka street, 145 feet
north of Eighteenth, cost $2700; Louis Bloss Jr.
with Vulcan Iron Works, for - iron : stairs and
elevator lnclosure for building, at corner of Mis
sion and - Fremont • streets, cost $5977; Frank
Maskey with E. Smith, for painting, graining
varnishing, paper>hangtng, : etc., for two-story
basement and attic building, on south* line of
Bush street. 95 1 feet ; east of Leavenworth > cost
$1035; Mary- E.' Sessions with E. CBletch and
F. P. Lansing, for two-story basement and attic
frame building, on the east line of Lyon street
$2:8 south v of Jackson, cost $3855; < Justinian
Caire with:- 'William B. Kreger. rough carpen
try, mil! and iron work and laying of finished
floors, for a. four-story ¦> and basement brick '
iron and terra cotta structure, on the south line
of Market street; 190 feet>east of Second, cost
$2650; William Ede with C. M. Depew. for a
four-story and basemrtif brick building,: on the
corner of Minna and First streets, cost 122.800:
Business will be livelier now among the
real estate men, vacation being over. The
outlook is good in all respects. Money is
plentiful; large profits are assured from
supplies for the Incoming soldiers; man
ufacturers are extending their accommo
dations, and will spend much money for
bulldlngrs. There .has been a slight cloud
In the possibility of a clash between the
mill-owners and the millmen's union, but
the general expectation is that nothing
will take place to embarrass the builders.
Within the past week eighty-seven
deeds to realty have been recorded In this
city. The largest transaction Involved
the transfer of the local realty of the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph Company
to the Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company, the consideration being
5150,000. This includes property on Bush,
Mission, Page, Jessie, Sutter and Steiner
streets. The prices paid in some other
indicative transactions were as follows:
Hibernla Savingrs and Loan Foclety to Fran
cis Prathman. south line of Washington street,
C4:4 east of Powell, east 23:2, south 137:6, west
27:6. north 69. east 4:4, north C8:6. $7500; LUlle
IS. Bourne to Henry J. Mibach. 4»:4xl25 feet on
the west line of Eureka street. 75 feet north of
Eighteenth, $3000; Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to James W. Smith, south line of How
ard street. 4.=>5 feet west of First. 25xS5, $4250;
estate of John Hayes to lVmis Metzger, 21:4H*
137:6 on the north line of JTroadway, 1C8:9 feet
west of Larkin. $2000; estate of Joseph Snoop
to James Curry. 25x144:7 on the west line of
Masonic avenue, 150 feet couth pt Point Ixtbos,
11200; estate of Joseph Shoop to Albert and
Minnie liulsman. 25x144:7 on the west line of
Masonic avenue. 175 feet south of Point Lobos,
$15100; Adolf o Urlosto to Jor£e de Urioato, 27:6x
120 on the north line of Oak street, £2:6 east
of Gough. $10,000; Joseph F. and Lillie K.
norfh line of Fell street, 63 feet east of Oc
tavia, $3000; Louis and Jennie Friediander to
Mary A. Atheam. 25:3x127:6 on the south line
of Turk street. 137:6 west of I^asuna, $10,600;
William K. and Jeanette Casement to Jacob
and L>oul»e Schultz, 2CxlOO on the east linr of
York street, 1?2 feet north of Napa, $2000.
Baldwin & Howcll report the following
sales:
Eta t side of Folsom street, between Kour
te*nth and Fifteenth, 60 by M feet, $3900; ea6t
fide of Fifth avenue, between California and
Lake streets, 25 by 120 feet, with Improvements,
constating of entirely new cottaee, one of five
jutt completed. $3000; two lots on India street,
near Lisbon, M> by ISO feet, for JTO; Han Jose
avenue, near Brook street, 25 by 60 feet, with
Improvements, $1000; Eighteenth 'avenue,' be
tween H and I etreets, 25 by 120 feet. $700;
7>xa« «treet. between Twenty-fourth and Twen
ty-fifth, 25 by 100 feet. $350; Kincon place, near
Bryant street, 26 by U2«i feet, with Improve
ments, $2500; Florida street, between Twenty
eeeond and Twenty-third. !6 by 100 feet, with
Improvement". 11500; Tenth avenue, between
O and P ' utreetB. £0 by 100 feet, $500; Tenth
avenue, between N and O streets, 25 by 120
feet $325; I street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth avenues, 824 by 100 feet.' $800; Nine
teenth avenue, between H and I street*. 60 by
120 feet, $1*00; entire block In Glen Park Ter
race'(44 lot«). $8500; southeast corner Twenty
ninth and Sanchez streets, 80 by 114 feet, $3000;
northeast corner Church and Twenty.third
streets. 54:10 by 70 feet, with Improvements,,
consisting of an entirely new house. ' one of
four Just completed,' for ¦ $3250; south side - of
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
"Wanted a New High School.
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— An election was
held to-day in the school districts of
Fruitvale. Bray. Melrose. Lockwood and
Elmhurst to decide whether a union high
school should be formed. The Fruitvale
people were suspicious that Elmhurst
might try to get the school and voted
against It. The proposition carried by a
total vote of 252 to 99. as follows: Firuit
vale, 68 for. 73 against; Bray, 55 for, 6
against: Melrcse. 53 for, 1 against; Lock
wood. 37 for, 8 against; Elmhurst, 39 for,
6 against.
Wanted to Go to Jail.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Alfred H. Mur
phy, a man who was locked tip in the
City Prison at his own request last night,
appeared before Police Judge Smith this
morning with a request to be sent to jail
for two week?. He said he had been
drunk for two weeks and wanted a chance
to sober up. Judge Smith continued sen
tence for one week.
Sanders to Bs Tried In September.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Dr. Ambrose
Sanders, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon with intent to commit
murder, pleaded not guilty before Judg*
Greene to-dav. Sanders firefl a revolver
at a cripple who struck Film with his
crutch during a quarrel. The case was
Bet for September 25.
Professor Howlson Returns.
BERKELEr, Aug. 10. — Georgre Holmes
Howlson, Mills professor of intellectual
and moral philosophy ami civil polity, re
turned laft evening from Kurope, where
h** has been for the past two years on a
leave of absence from the State Univer
sity. He was accompanied by Mrs. How
lscn. who has been with him during his
stay in the Old World. Most of his time
abroad, was spent in etudy at the Bodleian
Library at Oxford. He will resume his
duties at the university at the opening ot
college.
The new Merchants* Exchange Associa- .
tlon has secured the signatures of 300'
lirms and individuals as members. Tv-o
hundred additional signatures are neces
sary to insure 'the success of the enter
prise. Considering the advantages which
will arise from having an exchange on the
plan of all other great cities, the mem.
Eership has not '""^'^lo'so^th^rn Pa
there is a steady gain. The ,g outh l r ? «£»
ciflc Company has subscribed for five
memberships. The signers, to date, are
the following:
A A Adler. O. W. Alexander. Alexander &
rtaldwln Henry F Allen. Philip Anspacher.
Simon An BP a£her. J. ?:. Arendt. VVlUlam Bab
cock. William Baehr Jr.. Macondray & Co..
Balfour. Guthrie"& Co.. Bank ot California. E.
V Barrett. Frank D. Bates. Catton. Bell & Co..
William Ber K . Thomas a Berry C.Beyfus'.
Bloom Brothers. A. E. Blum. W. S. fiooth.
Antolne Borel. P. E. Bowles, g. A. Bray, E.
A Breese. G. L. Breese. Max Brooks. Califor
nia Safe Deposit and Trust Company Horst
man & BrunB. H. C. Bunker. Charles H. But
ler P J. Cadogan, California Navigation and
Improvement Company, California \\ harf and
Warehouse Company, Dunham. Carrigan &
Hayden. Maurice . Casey. \V. Cerkel, Eddy.
Chapman. Falk & Co.. W. B.Vhapman. AV. W.
Chase. Tacoma Mill Company. Williams. DI
mond & Co..- California I>ry r>ock Company
Canton Insurance Company, Seth Cllsby. E\an
C Evan?. Costigan. Cohen & Co., A.B. tosti
gan. Hugh Crate. Henry J. Crocker. San tran
tlPco Gas and Electric- Company. John . R.
Cross, E. B. Cutter. Frank Dalton. Horace
Davis. Demlng Palmer Milling c ° m P»"^- t £
Loenntson. M. P. Dt- tels. John h. de
J 1L Dlbbern, Dolbeer & Carson. Frank O.
Drum. Robert 'p. R. Duff. Grifflth-Durrvey
Comp4ny. Fireman's Fund l n 1 s " ra " c Vn£«'D
pony. H. C. Ellis. John F. fcngUnh. J- E PP ln -
Ker Joseph U Epplnger. Simon Erlanger. Jor.as
Krianwr B Ettlinger, I. L. Ettllnger. J.
Everdlng. C. W. Everett.- J. F. Fairbanks.
Farmer^' Union and MlUIn*
Fprfruson. James L.. Flood. Alaska KacKers
Ablation. California M llfoad
Comranv, H Francis, J. K. Armsbj & 'U>.,
George Frltch.^mlle Gauthler. E. Gauth er Jr..
A Gerberdin* N- Gerson. Joseph Goldman.
S ¦ GoMstefn. "Charles E Go B8 Murphy Grant
ft Co., Haas Brothers. F. H. Ha-UhV B ««« *
Haitian F H. Hammer, J. R. Hanlfy, Hong-
J^^StW C H°owaVA H< |
John \VVMacka" London aiuTSan Franc sco
Co H A Mkyhew. Grangers" Business^Asso
i Vi^,' P P McNear. G. ¦ W. McNear. ; G. W.
Kear-Jr E * MeWert.. Daniel Meyer. Emll
t, C 0Cl a "' George Morrow & Co.. U F. Mor
ro"° Morton Drayln* a\d Warehouae Company;
i Mosa with M. Blum & Co.; Motroni & Guas
tu<^l R- E. Mwlcahy. A. O. Mulli B an Charles
Nelson M. A. Newell. H. M. Newhall & Co.t
Sol \Vaneenhelm & Co.. S. Newman; Norton.
Teller Irco.; Neville & Co., H. Outsen. Pacific
Coast WarehouBe Company, Arthur Page,
Geonte T. Page. Pacltlc Oil and Lead Works A.
Pallies Parrott * Co., Parrott &'Co., Del
Monte Milling Company. Fred Patek. Theodore
F Payne Peters & Cowie. J. M. Pettlgrew,
John W. Pew. James P. Phelan.Bank of Brit
ish Columbia, W. C. Prle<» Selby SmeTllng and
Lead Company.. Emll Rohte Joseph RosenberR.
S\e RopenberK. John Rosenfeld. Henry Rosen
fefd; Russ. Early & Harvllle: Ed Sal z. Schwab
nacher Bros.; Schweitzer,. Bauer & Co.: Pacific
Mall SteanunlD Company; Miller, Sloss & Soptt;
Southern Paciflc Mining Company. U C. Sjiel
den IL Pherwood. Comptoir d'Escompte. Sln*
helmer Bros. California Fruit Canney' Asso
ciation, Sylvain Solomon, Somers & c ?-' H - c -
I> Spreckelii & Bros. Co.; William M. Starr. W.
Stauf/Home Mutual Insurance Company. Louis
Stfller Stockton- Milling Company, Fred L.
Stolz >'l. Strassburger & Co., Shipowners ; and
Merchant?.' | Tu fi boat Company, ¦¦ John • Btumpf &
Sons Gustav Sutro, Pope & Talbot, W. II. Tal
bot -'M F. Tarp«y, The Field ' &¦ Stone Com
pany The Grange -Company. Modesto; -Union
Ire Company, G«tman Ravin*? 'and Loan So
ciety ' Tubb« Cordage i Company, union Iron
Work? ; Dod«ce, Sweeney & Co. ; J. L. '^ermeil.
; A Victors. J.iG. Ward & Co., T. G. Walklng
to'n. H. Wangenheim. H. Waterman. Hugo A.
Waterman. ,W. O. Wayman. "Welch & Co.. John
C. ... Westphal & Sons. < F. H. Wheelan, C. E.
Whitney & Co., J.F. Wickman. John WiKht
man - Ji.. Christy' & Wise. Phil : Wolf k
Wolf & Sons, W. H. Yates. ZadlB &,Co.. Mer
cantile Trust Company. . Krug . & Zimmerman,
Ames & Harris: Otis, McAllister & Co.; A.,B.
Forbes & Sons^Willlam Lewis Company, J. B.
F. * DavU & Son, Miller ' & ' Lux," Paciflc Coast
Company A. Poniatowskl. C.A. Hooper, & Co.:
Roth Blum & Co. : 'Bennett & Goodall. E. T.
Kruse Crocker-'W'oolworth Bank. Steele & Cow
ell, W A.- Mitchell & Co.,,T. J. Clunle; Hind.
Rolph & Co. 1 ,. Harry L. ; Tevl8/ Cesar Bertheau,
Southern ' Pacific Company ; (five : memberships),
AlaeknCommercial Company.. Tlllmann & Ben
del.' R. ' Dunsmulr*s Sons Company.: Charles R.-
Allen, iM. P.; Stein & Co.; \*oss.- Conrad & Co.;
Ban Francisco Savings Union, Thames and Mer
sey Insurance Company, F.~J.'& J.- A. Hooper,
Rudolph . Spreckels. ', S. : B. J Peterson,'- John ¦ F.-
Boyd;,J.; Jensen.' George A. i Moore & Co.,Tj.'Ci'
THREE HUNDRED JOIN
v: THE NEW EXCHANGE
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT' .
PROVIDES MORE QUARTERS
OAKLAND, Aug.' 10.— Jhe School De
partment has yielded to the pretest of
the parents of Peralta districts In which
the children were deprived of school facil
ities. On Monday next a school for first,
second and third grades will be opefftd
in a vacant store at Sixtieth- and Grove
streets for the accommodation of children
who have been excluded from the Lorln
School. --.-. . ,
The overcrowded condition of receiv
ing classes in tJie Lafayette School ha3
made It necessary to open temporary
quarters in that buildinK for ungraded
pupils, who will be provided for on Mon
day. The following assignments of. teach
ers have been made to meet these condl
.tions: • .
Mrs. Hawkins of the Peralta School to
a new class in the Lorin School; Miss
Cohen of the Lafayette School to the re
ceiving class in that school: Miss Stllson
of 'the Bay School to the Lafayette
School; Miss Benuvals from the preferred
list to the Bay School; Miss Smart of tho
Franklin School to the Bay School; Miss
Jewett from the preferred list to the
Franklin School.
Left Only the Chickens.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Robert John
son, a young colored woman, complained
to the District Attorney this afternoon
that har husband deserted her yesterday
after stripping the house in Alden of its
furniture. All that remained were the
teyeral dozen chickens that belonged to
the coupl*?. E. Besette, the expressman
who removed the furniture, was fined $5
in the. Police Court for violation of tho
license ordinance. His arrest was caused
by Mrs. Johnson.
BUNKOED BY HIS
FORMER SUNDAY
SCHOOL STUDENT
Susceptible Mr. Sykes the
Victim of Misplaced
Confidence.
Alameda Han Who Indorsed a Checi
fcr an Old Acquaintance and
K"ow Mourns His Hun
dred Dollars.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 10.— When Mrs. Nancy
Eykcs answered the ring of the doorbell
at her ¦ fccm«, 2259 San Jose avenue.
Wednesday afternoon she was confronted
by a nice looking your.g man.
"Don't you remember me, Mrs. Sykes?"
exclaimed the nice looking nan. "I'm
Bert McCord. Your husband. A- William
Sykes, used to be my Sunday-school
teacher in Springfield. Ohio, twenty years
>*£O. "
-Mrs. Sykc-8 remembered Mr. McCord
£Tid his family well. She introduced him
io her husband, who was currying the
licrse in the rear yard. He was pressed
to stay for dinner and all night and lor
Vireakias: r.ext morning. After breakfast
Mr. McCord asked Mr. Sykes, who had
lakoii a cay off In his honor, to accom
pany him to the Alameda Bank as he
v. anted to ca^h a hundred-dollar check,
crawn against the First National Bank
of Los A::geles. When the friends of
twenty yrars a^o reached the bank Mr.
McCord had some difficulty trying to ptr
fcuarie Mr. Sykes that he ought to indorse
the check. Mr. McCord reminded Mr.
Byka that twenty years ago he was his
Funday-Kchool teacher in Springfield
. <>hio.
After getting the money Mr. McCor.l
excused himself for an interval and ha-3
rot been soon Fince. When Mr. Sykes
got horse his wife told him about the
fcuspiclous disappearance of SO cents that
was lying on the washstand. Circura-
Ftances pointed to Mr. McCord as tuo
thief. The First National Bank was com
municated with. This morning came back
h message with the information, ".No
"1 suppose I'll have to pay the hun
dred." said Mr. Sykes this afternoon "It
was a pretty freer, thing to do, but onco
in awhile we g<?t takm in."
This City to" the
North.
Nearly Thirty Athletes "Will Go From
The regular monthly meeting « of the :
board of managers of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union
was held last night, but little business
was transacted. President J. R. Bock
man announced the athletes who will take !
part in the annual carnival at Astoria in
the latter part of this month. The Ariel
Flowing Club will send a junior barge
crew, made up of A. Keegan, H. Foley.'E.
Smith and J. Nokes. E. C. Stenberg will
pull in the shell race and J. A. G^ddes,
E. C. Stenberg, H. Foley and E. Smith
will a!so enter the swimming races. 'The
Olympic junior barge crew will be mado.
up of Charles Yates, A. Brumarr, F. Sher
ry and W. Bailey. This crew will row
against the Ariel juniors. The Alameda
senior barge crew Is composed of F. W.
Ayers. Chester Ayers, George Lewis and
D. (Jreenleaf, with Bert Cameron as cox
swain. P. W. Ayera. Chet Ayers and
George Lewis will also enter the outrig
ger skiff events.
The Dolphin barge crew will pull
against the Alamedas and will consist of
Alexander W. Pape, A. H. Pape, T. i J.
Kennedy. E. Kragness and George Baker,
with Lester Hammersmith as coxswain.
A. W. Pape will pull in the shell and
George Baker and E. Kragness in the out- ,
rigger skiff. A. W. Pape and Lester
Hammersmith will also enter the swim- I
ming races.
Owing to the postponement of the A6
toria regatta for two weeks from August
12 Dr. C. C. Dennis and J. P. Foley of the
Soirih End Rowing Club will not be able
to go to' Astoria, so"that M. J. Breen, in
the Junior outrigger skiff, will be the only
South End- representative. E. Kragneaa
of the Dolphins and Lester Hammersmith
and Victor Caglieri of the Olympics may
enter the skiff races. Sidney Cavlll. tho
swimmer, will also go to the northern
city. E. Smith. II. Foley and J. A. Geddcs
will also compete in the track and Held
events, and a team of Olympic men,
headed by. the Burgess brothers, will en
ter the Jumps, long runs and sprints. F.
Irwln will compete in the pole-vaulting
event.
President J. R. Boekman will not be
ablo to go north, he having arranged to
take his vacation at the earlier date first
set for the carnival. The oarsmen, swim
mers, runners, etc., will leave this city
on the 21st insn. arriving in Astoria on
the morning of the' 23d. They will start
on the homeward trip on the 26th. reach
ing San Francisco on the 28th. The Ao
toria committee will- pay transportation
for the athletes, but living expenses must
be defrayed by the men themselves. • "
WILL SCULL AND SWIM
AT ASTORIA CARNIVAL
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— Dr. T. F. Bacon;
a physician residing at Iul9 Twenty-fourth
avenue, has Inserted in a local paper a
notice that he will not <je responsible for
any debts contracted by his wife. Laura
W. Bacon. Dr. Bacon is the proprietor of
a drug store at 400 Hayes street in San
Francisco.
Mrs. Bacon says her husband has not
contributed to her support for several
years, and that in view of this his pub
lished notice Is superfluous and ridicu
lous. She claims that she does not know
what could have induced the doctor to
take such action.
PHYSICIAN WILL NOT
PAY HIS WIFE'S DEBTS
MISS CATHEB.HTE FBIEHSON.
Photo by Belle-Oudrey.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— The engage
ment of Miss Catherine Frlerson.
an East Oakland belle, to O. M.
Waterhouse, a representative of
several Eastern wholesale drug houses. Is
announced. The intended groom arrived
here yesterday from the East. The wed
ding will take place within a few days.
Prepp*ratlons are now being made for tho
event, which will be one of interest to a
larere number of friends of the young lady.
wno is very popular in society circles of
Oakland.
Miss Frierson is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. B. Frierson, and resides at 424 East
Tenth street. Mr. Waterhouse has Just
completed a tour of the world. He is a
brother of A. J. Waterhouse, a newspaper
writer of San Francisco. Miss Frierson
has taken a very active part in the work
of Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, of
which she is a member.
Tennis Men Do Some Good .Work
While Practicing for Prospec
tive Tournament.
During the week Robert Whitney, M.
Johnson and Professor Dally visited the
Alameda Club and several Interesting
matches were played. Mrs. •'Emma
Hunter and Merle Johnson beat 'Miss
Nora Harndon and Robert A. Whitney*,
6-3, 6-2. Miss Pearl Mecartney and Miss'
Edith Waterman beat Mrs. H. II. Sher
wood and Rose Sherwood 6-3. 6-2. Rose
and Warner Sherwood beat Mr. .Alex
ander and Miss Ava Sherwood t 6-3. Rob
ert Whitney and Mrs. H. H. ' Sherwood
played a tie with Miss Edith Waterman
and M. Johnson 6-3,, 3-6. Warner Sher
wood beat Miss Mecartney 8-6. Robert
Whitney beat M. Johnson 6-0.
At San Rafael W. McGavln played a
tie match with II. W. Crowell 6-2, 6-4,
4-6. 5-7. r
The courts of the California Club have
b%enoccupied all week. In doubles Judge
Troutt arid Norman Spangler defeated
Judge Hunt and R. Ersklne 3-6. 6-2. 9-7.
Dr. Lane beat Ersklne 6-4, 7-5, 8-6. Bishop
Moreland played a close match with Miss
Miriam Hail 10-8, 7-5. Grant Smith beat
Duval Moore 6-0, 6-1, 7-5. W. B. Collier
Jr. beat Grant Smith 2-tt, 6-2. 8-6, 6-4.
Dick Adams of the celebrated Pony
team Just returned from Dawson City
afipr an absence of two years and visited
th» courts. He fell a victim to M. John
son 6-2, 6-3. Collier beat W. McGavin 2-6,
8-6 6-4. Miss Bowman beat Miss Denson
C-4 4-6, 6-2. Mrs. J. S. Wallace played a
tle'wlth N. Spangler 6-3. 3-6. Percy Kahn
beat Miles Balrd 6-1. 6-1.
Charles Son. late of Columbia College,
defeated Percy Kahn in two straight sets
6-0, 16-14, .
The ladies singles was won by Mrs.
Hull and the mixed doubles by Mrs. Hull
and Mr. Hargreaves. The tournament
committee were A. J. Copp Jr. and
Charles Hopper. •- • .
Reuben Hunt left for Santa Monica to
play in the tournament commencing
August 13. He should bring home first
prize In the men's singles. J
WAS SWEENY'S
DEED IN VAIN
Coyne, Whom He Saved
Treading the Down
. ward "Path.
IT is not two months since
Michael Coyne was carried from
his burning house on Tenth
street at the cost of the life of
Foreman John Sweeney. . He was
drunk then. He was drunk again
last night, when he fell from- a
wagon on the corner of Ninth and
Bryant, streets and received an ugly
wound on the head.
It r was believed by many of the
more hopeful that when Coyne
found what a fearful price was paid
for his debauchery and at what cost
his own life was saved he would re
form and try to show that
Sweeney's heroism had not been in
vain. And to those who knew and
loved the brave, open-hearted fire
man, fearless and faithful even to
his death, the sight of Coyne, drunk
and almost helpless on his cot in
the Receiving Hospital, was an ob
ject lesson in human nature and hu
man gratitude. /
"With the city's mourning for the
brave fireman still fresh in the
minds . of every one else, he, the
cause of it all. drank until he could
not hold his seat on a wagon, and
nearly killed himself by falling to
the pavement.
LIVELY MATCHES ON THE
COURTS AROUND THE BAY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Uroadway, Aug. 10.
Coroner Mrhrmnr.n has won his fight
uith I'ndertaker James McManus for the
body of Charles Fella, which the Coroner
charges was surreptitiously removed to
McManus place and filled with embalm
ing fluid before an autopsy could be held.
McManus returned the body to Fella's
residence, where an autopsy was held to
day by Dr. l^illey. But becuuse of the
i'.Oectlon of the preservative the post mor
tem examination could not be so complete
iM the circuinMances surrounding Kella's
«toaih demanded. The autopsy surgeon
reported that he had found nothing to In
dicate a cause of death other than pto
tr.aine poisoning.
"I was, prevented from making a chemi
cal analysis of the contents of the stom
ach." reported Dr. Lillie, "because the
c-mbalmmg fluid has destroyed all evi
dence of poisoning which might have been
detected. The conditions are tuch that I
can only report that the organs which
would be most affected by ptomaines were
in a diseased state. Of course, the action
<>r ptomaines is very rapid, as they are
very active principles ot the alkaloid
variety. Embalming would undoubtedly
destroy all chance of detecting their pres
ence in the undigested residuum in the
ftomach." „
Coroner Mehrmann has directed that an
Inquest shall be held on Tuesday evening.
What further steps ¦will be taken by the
Coroner with relation to McManus' action
has net heon determined.
George McMaFters. McManus' assistant.
Itcorea the Coroner soundly for alleged re
flections upon him. The undertaker said:
"There Tas absolutely nothing to indi
cate to me that Folia's xrasv* Coroner's
case. I had no reason to doubt the state
ments which ¦were made bv members of
h<s family. I acted fairly and do not like
tn* •nay my name has been connected with
the case by Coroner Mehrmann."
Autopsy Fails in Part Because the
Embalming Fluid Rendered a
Chemical Analysis of No
Avail. 4
Undertaker McManus Yields
to a Demand in a Sus
picious Case.
SURRENDERSTHE
BODY OF FELLA
TO THE CORONER
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
OF EAST OAKLAND BELLE
Miss Mary S.'Hadkins with C. F. • Johnson and
L. A. Secor, for and rough basement
frame building, two flats, on southeast corner
of Guerrero and Brosnan streets, cost $2220;
Hale Bros, with Campbell & Pettus. for third
story store fixtures. In store bulldlns. on the
south line of Market street, between Fifth and
Sixth, cost ?2302.
Mortgages placed on record this, week
included the following: ¦ . . •
Bradford Investment Company to the Savings
and I»an Society, the southeast corner of Pa
cific and Kearny streets, one year, at 6 per
cent. JW.000; Edward H. and William C. Ham
mer and Mary A. Peck to the Hlbernla Savings
and I.<oan Society, southeast corner of Fifth and
Shipley streets, one year, at 6 per cent $7500;
Alvlnza Harvard to the Hibemla Savings and
Ix>an Society, the northeast corner of Montgom
ery an>l California. streets, one year, at 6 per
cent. SICO.OOO; Shiels Kstate Company to the
Hlbcrnia bavlnps and Ijoan Society 6S '9x137 6
on the south line of Hush street, 137:6 west of
Montgomery, one year, at 6 per cent. $35 COO:
San Pedro Farm Company to Charles Herold.
6S:9xl37:6 on the aouth line of California etreet.
137:6 west of Larkin. one year, at 7 per cent,
The more important releases of a week
were:
Mutual Savlntrs Bank to Aug-uste Pepl
na and Charles K. Prada. 137:6x137:6 on the east
line of Fourth street. 137:6 south of Brannan
$10.<NX>; Charlts HeroIJ to Marcus and Abraham
I* Stone, south lln* of California street, 137:6
west of l^arkln, $10,000; V. \V. Dohrmann to Mary
A. Dick, William Dick. (Emily Hammer Ed
ward II. Hammer and William C. Hammer.
eai>t corner of Fifth and Shipley utreets, 50x100,
I7."(iO; German Bavlnss and Ivan Society to Ba
betta and Isaac J. Feaderlln. . northwest corner
of Ridley, and Scott streets, JSOOO; HLbernla
Savings and Loan ' Society to ' Caroline P. B.
Story, north line of McAllister street. 62:8 feet
east of L#avenworth, J23.CO0.
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale of the northeast corner of Washing
ton and Franklin streets from the estate
of Livingston \Z Bakor to the Baker Es
tate Company for $75,000.
The proposed improvements to the
French Hospital will cost nearly $23,000.
Ulds will be opened next Wednesday.
FERRIS HARTMAN WILL
STAR FOR TWO WEEKS
;*••-¦ ¦ ¦ :;.';:•;*-¦.-:--.:¦ ¦:.-.:¦ '•••-.»• - ... ¦ .¦..- ¦ ¦ . ¦ . -¦••>¦¦ :'vj,;-:-:/' .-:- -¦ ,¦¦¦' .:---.:- ,-.-. --¦. -•¦¦. ..-.. - ¦ ¦
THE SAN FEAXCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
11
FERRIS HARTMAN is to "star"
again, but this time It 'will be for
the brief period of two weeks. He
will open the regular season at the
Alhambra theater on Thursday evening.
September. 6, in his great success of Ship
A MeV S 'r3. Pincus and 'EUinghouse
through the courtesy of Mrs. Kreling o£
the Tivoll yesterday have made final ax
rangemcnts for the production of the play
during "Native Sons'" week, and the
show will be run for two weeks.
This will be the first time that Ship
Ahoy" will have been produced in this
city for four years, and an immense bus
iness is assured. Following "Ship Ahoy
Manager EllinBhouse has booked the beat
farce comedy successes on the stage.
FERRIS HARTMAN IN « SHIP AHOY."
A leaf Is only a metamorphosed branch
and the covering of seeds only a meta-
morphOBed leaf.
All the Boston and Xew York electric
cars are to be equipped with electric heat-
ers: A-yi'r-' '-*£¦-}:£¦• * '''?..:>
VICING WILLIAM"//
VV The Mysteries of La£unitas Canyon. II
Y\ H0WT0 MAKE AN ATHLETE OF THE //
\ ODD EFFECTS OF "CHARACTER" MAKE-UP. U'
\\ By WILTON LACK AYE. /'
:.- J v;IN THE GREAT MAGAZINE SECTION. I
+ - — «,
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
CALL. I
;? — — — : ; ? I
THK SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. | |
*-"-.„..; .¦'.:. ..„. a
// By NAN BYXBEE. \\
II .EXPERIENCES IN AN OYERALL FACTOBY. \\
II THE LATEST FADS IN \V
II EMBROIDERIES AND TAPESTRIES. Vy
II Dismasted in a Dead Culm— . \\
II CURIOUS WRECK OF THE PFLUGER. \THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
12
IS?^ housegirls. city and country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl. Palo Alto. $20.
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
¦ Cenry st.
FAMILY ORDERS
Second girl for nice place in Berkeley. , $20;
good home, small family. /<ee party here at 12
o'clock. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
TWO bUEhclm en, $8 week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phono Grant 185."
.:......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Pastry, cook, $36. city; bath woman, springs,
fa; chambermaid to assist washing, country
hotel. $20: 2 German chambermaids, city, $15
each; 25 waitresses, city and country, $20 and
$25; waitress. Nevada, $25 and fare here; 5
chambermaids, city, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
BUSINESS CHAXCES-rCOVTIXUED.
BRANCH bakery, candy and stationery: block
from large 6chool; good living: parties going
to country; price $310; no agents. Box 3245,
Call office. ¦ :.-.¦.---:
$425— A FISH and oyster stand in down town
market; doing a good business; splendid op-
portunity for a bright man. Address box
KU. Call office. _____
FOR SALE— A bargain; a small ml!k business;
complete. Apply H. BLANKEN, Six-Mile
House. San Bruno Road.
FOR sale— $1000 will buy a small steam laun-
dry in a country town In California. Address
box 3248. Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale cheap. B37
O'Farrell st.
FOR SALE— Saloon; good business; cause, slck-
ne«». Inquire 44 Second et.
$173— DELICACIES and branch baker}': S living
rooms; rent $12. with water. 42S Sixth St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento tt.
CLASEIFIE&fedvertlse— ents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. «00 FlUmora st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et
LODGIXG-HOL'SKS FOR SALE.
A— 66 r.; central; full; quite profitable $2600
IS r.; rent *60; takes $160; 1 blk. of Mkt.. 800
10 r.: on sunny side; rent J35; nice block.. 4SO
28 r: sunny; 3 blks of Market; full 660
37 r.; hotel: rent $150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN. 71? Market st. nr. Call bldg.
A 2I-ROOM rooming-house; central. $1000
11-room house; WOO down, balance easy.. 600
20-room house; first class 1050
20-room house; all newly furnished 8100
li-room house, $475; 6-room flat 825 ;
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCH1VEINHARD & CO., 917
Market st, above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
WELL- FURNISHED house of 60 rooms close to
the theaters: all sunny rooms; lease: electric
elevator: clearing $150 to 1200 mo.: for cash or
will take smaller house In part paj-— lent^.
Box 2278. Call office. j
FOR sale account of sickness— Newly furnished
9-room house; S steady roomers pays rent;
price $600. Call at mi Howard et.: no agents.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house; 25 to 40
rooms; must be a bargain. Box 1951 Call. |
HOI'SE of 16 rooms; rent cheap: a reasonable-
offer will be accepted. 619H Mission et
CHEAPEST and beft In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. (
FOR sale cheap— A good phaeton; adapted for
family or country use. Devlsadero-st Stable,
824 Devisadero St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggte-s,«carts. harness,
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SON, 2U7 Mission st.
! FOR sale — Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
: ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S Golden Gate ave.
BUGGY mare for eale; gentle and stylish; call
between 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. 114 Stockton st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also light
camping wagon, for gale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2<J-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF"Y^f all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S; Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357- Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Ht; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth 8t. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beattr.g Works, g! it
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 2WX
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 6t.;
tel. Main 39J. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone Cost 126. :¦-.-¦¦•
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE at 6 sunny rooms, basement $11.
127Vi Morris ave., oft Bryant, near Sixth.
MOBERX cottage; 6 rooms and bath. 311 Stein-
er St., near Halzht
EUNNY cottage. 2124 Perry st; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
$1S— COTTAGE; 7 rooms, bath; Eunny yard;
j large basement. Key 711 Treat ave.
SPIJIITCALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, S5S Mls-
slon; readings daily; 25c, 60s and $1; circle
Tues.. Thurs., Sat and Sunday eves.; 10c.
MRP. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant test business
medium, life -reader; sitting $t 1104 Market.
MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day, 2 &
I p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G. $1; L. 60c
'FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer. 6it. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. STODDARD, wonderful spirit messages;
Tu»s. and Thurs., 8 p. m.; lte. 278 Ninth st,
B. J. HATCH: circles Sun.. Tues.. Thurs.. 7:30
p. — .. Fri. 2:30; git, dally. 13S2 Market, rm. 26.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. 6f>c. 127 Turk Ft. ' ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS. ¦
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second right,
dia— loses disease with life readings ; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm & clair. Bit. $1 60. 128 Turk st.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
S42 Mission; ladies, 25c; gents, 60c; Frawley.
MME. SiEREDA. the gypsy, is thegreat palmist
and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st. : no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dieted overdue etmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
WHO to marry; how to win him (her). 25c. L.
DIERSSEX. mind culture. 5 Seventh gt.. S. F.
MISS MELVILLE, great rlalrvovar.t and water
reader; German spoken. S2UJ Mission, cp.Mlnt.
WATSON, famous medium and palmist; lucky
and true: I5c and 50c. 1581 Market, nr. 12th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1119 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant card reader;
sittincs dally. 212H Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advleej names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
MMB. SYBILLE— Cradle to- grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
n COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
legs successful. Room 210. 927 Market et.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
: ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
XI 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G_W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry. Plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings.
60c; crown,$3 M. Chicago Dental Parlors, :4 6th.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or filling- by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
Dn. GEORGE W. LEEK. 10 O r Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No chargjB for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. GOc; cas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full M?t of teeth. U: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. ¦ ¦ ¦
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
1? pares. <n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DOQ HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore-
Advlce and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; *\1
animals treated; dogs boarded. JTel. West ~«.
DR. CREELY'SCP-mange cure and worm pills
by druKgigtaor at hospital. S10 Golden Gate av.
DIIESS3IAKEIIS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
.. School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
Hnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st.. dresses
made. t5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit. ¦
MME. REMBERT. C30 Sutter st. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to m .easurc i.
WANTED
| For institution short distance" in* country," 2
female attendants at $23 per month, with
board-; room and washing; references required.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 3 second girls, $20 and $C5, see lady
-to-day; 2 Protestant second girls. $25: Ger-
man nurse and seamstress, $25; French sec-
ond girl. $25: cook, $35. > 2 in family: 6 cooks,
l.lain wash, $S0; German cook. $35: plain Iron-
er, country hotel. $25; chambermaid, country,
W. 10 hotel waitresses. . $20. city and coun-
try; , chambermaids and waitresses, $20; 4
restaurant cooks, $30, .$25; a large number of
houseslrls for the city and country. J. F.
CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $30. country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for private family of 5; all
modern conveniences; wages $20 per month
and board. Address JOS. McCAMPBELL,
Wallace. Cal.
WOMAN wanted for housekeeping; good home
for right party; wages $15 per month. Call
afternoon at 836 Sanchez st, near 23d.
' HELP WASTED-MALE. /
WANTED '..........
Night waiter and open oysters for neat place,
city, $40; day waiter, same place, $40; extra
waiter for Camp Taylor. $2 50 and fare;
waiter for Truckee, $30 and fare advanced,
waiter for country hotel, $25; second lunch-
counter man, $36; cook, shingle mill crew,
,$30; cook for river boat, $40; night cook. $30;
cook for vineyard. $30 and fare paid. \\. l>-
EWER & CO.. 610 "Clay St.
WANTED .........;
For Institution, short distance in country,
man who understands canning fruit $1 60 a
day and found;, choreman. country, ' 2S ;-™ a J l
about place, $25; 2 farmers, steady place, jze:
bridge carpenters,' $3 day and free fare; 60
railroad laborers, company work,- free fare,
hOFtler, country. $30 and found: butcher and
deliver, $25 and /found; gardener for large
ranch, $25; man to care race horses. $20 and
found; miners. $3 day; woodchoppers ¦ for
mine. $1 SO and $2 a cord: 3 carpenters $3 day,
free fare. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary^st.
200 teamsters/Nevada ...-•• ?* a ° a £
330 laborers, S P Co.'s own work.. ..$3 a day
100 teameters, Bakersfleld......... J2 a day
2.'iO teamsters. Coast road *- a "**
100 laborers for quarry---. »- "-pay
100 laborers for different divisions.......... *¦••
Ship dally. Office fee $1... Free fare
Wanted for' big tunnel. Chatsworth Park:
SO tunnelmen... : -?2 to $2 o0 a day
Ship daily, Office feejl Free fare
16 laborers, concrete work. Coaat road. $2 25
day and up Fee $1-.-. -Free fare
10 fruit Dickers, Jl day and board; 6 miners
and machine men. $2 50 and $3; 10 swampers.
$30 and board; sawyer, $45 and board; blactc-
emlths. horseshoers*. wheelwrights. ___* ners,
milkers, choremen, stablemen, buggymakers
f. 1 !..-?...?. 1^ HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Extra ironer. hotel laundry. $1 50 a day and
found, free fare both ways; dishwasher, coun-
try hotel, $25, free- fare; butcher, country
ehop. $35; fry cook, $45; dishwashers, kitchen
hands, vegetable men and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... -.10* Geary st.
A— WANTED— James Welsh, the ¦ cook, please
c| P R?'HAKSEX-_ CO -10* Geary st
A— 6 COLORED waiters, country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MEN to pack fruit, $1 day; farmer and wife.
$45 ard found; milker and wife, $30; sticker-
man. $3 day; planerman. $3 day; laundryman
for institution. $40 and found; laundryman
and wife, $27 SO week; choreman for ranch.
$25; wood and millmen. $30 and $50; 20 rail-
road laborers, fare paid: rigging puller, $35
and board; miners, muckers and many oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento.
COOK for mill crew, $40; cook for Central
America, $50, fare paid; cook for camping
party, $20 to $25j restaurant second cook, $10
week; hotel and restaurant waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 6^8
Sacramento st.
DAIRYMAN and wife for Nevada. $-'0. see boss
• "here this morning. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
62S Sacr.i— .ento at.
"WANTED — To go to-day, 20 laborers for lum-
ber railroad, fare advanced, $26 and found.
J. F.- CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
Al OPERATORS wanted" on cloaks. Apply M.
SIMONOFF, 1223 Market Bt.
WANTED— A competent girl for cooking and
. housewoik; references preferred. 2519 Wash-
ington st
WANTED— Girl for general housework at 1B01
Bnker St., who understands cooking; wages
$15 without windows and washing. $20 with.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Eaa Fr»ncl«co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until _ o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C9 McAllister etreet: open until 8:S9 p. m.
C1S Lark'n street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 P. m.
S2C1 Mission street corner Sixteenth; open
rhtll 9o.m.
XV Eleventh street: open until » p. ta.
J056 Valencia street; epen until » p. m.
Korthweyt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lurky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. II
will meet THIS tSATURDAY) EVEN- ~£\-
ING. August 11, at 7:30 o'clock. R- T_3\
A. I>eree. By order of tne H. P. ' ~r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. -^t*_2>
j r. o F. — i:e»rui»r — e-»tin« -^_^iX_^-
THIS <SATCRDAY) EVENING.
Second decree. // '* v
A. K- KINGSFORD. P. M.
I>A BOOITITE Froncaise de Blenfaisance Mu-
tuelle (French Mutual Benevolent Society) —
Pj>e<-ial general meeting August 12, 3&00, o.t 2
p. m.. at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st. For
the committee. A. JACQUEMART. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stoclCTroldei 6 of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at No. 777
Mission et. Pan Francisco. Cal.. THURS-
' DAY. August 23, 1900. at 8 o'clock p. m., for
the election of directors for the ensuing term
and also to consider an amendment to the
by-laws reducing the number of directors
from 9 to 7, and the transaction of euch other
bue'.ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will close Monday. August
20. 1900. at 4 o'clock p. m. By order of :h«
board cf director*.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
HOC. 000 to loan cn diamonds, watches, silverware. '
sealskins, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ave.
AGEXTS WASTED.
FOUR good canvassers or agents wanted at
2U2 Fullmer* > et.
WE handle netwert novelties for agent*. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. &4»1 lSth *t
ASTROLOGY.
IIME. niCKEY, astrolojrist; get your Horoscope
with full explanation of your future, 00c; card
reading and rs-imlstry. 25c 1933 Mission et
ATTORNEYS AT I,AW-
H. W. KIN'G, attorney at law. S2T Market St.,
room €27; enates. dam&gvs, attachments,
bankrupt cy, collections: all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without fucceff; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. 810 Market cor.Stockton.
Kril'E advice- divorce laws, damares. estates, :
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 814 Montgomery.
AIA'ICE free: no charp** unless successful. • W.
W. DAVIDSON. ST: Market St.. opp. M^ai-on.
L. P. CLARK. Km ma Fpreckels t>M(C.. 927 Mar- '
ket Ft. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CUfcTER. HERMAN J., attorney. 927 Market
Ft., r. rU: orx»n eve.. 7-S; consultation free.
AUTOMOBILES. '
AUTOMOBI LeF^FRED WARD & SON?
Agents. 46 Frpmor.t st.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON t\ 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and eafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 4S6 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARES.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF" and Lady LumbT
Srs=t srize in England, at S14 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; tales daily. IQflWj gutter.
DICVCUSS — Fdr Sale or Exrhangei
ALLEN has captured the market with $20 blcy-
clrs, SCI Larkin st. ; offers wanted for 100 sec-
ond-hand whfPls. 1970 Page et
BOAIIDIVG FOR CHILDREN.
FOR renned home and excellent care for little
rirl address American, box 2220. Call office.
BirsiXESS CIIXXCES.
A—USB; DAIRY, rrcxluce and delicacy store
with milk route; 4 horses. 2 wagons, 1 buggy.
3 fctts ha.ra»-s5. cream separator, etc. ; rent
JCC; bur5ne?s clearing S150 per month. Call 11.
O. \\ 1LK.E. 26V4 Kearny et.
A— $SOy; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
south of Market and Fifth eti.; rent J45; a
pood ccrr.tr: ell cash trade, mostly in bar.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearay Et.
A— J4D0: RESTAURANT, with ten furnished
roc— s; 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 £0;
the place clears S1I5 per month. Call R. G.
U'U—CE. 2« J s Kearny st.
A— S710: SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call ! : ':,-.. rent $65; a Eplendid location and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
i'C'-j Keamy Et
A— I24OO; COFEE saloon and restaurant on
K«rr.y ft.; place doing a business of $60 per
day; ether engagements compel owner to eac-
riflce. Call K. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Bt.
A— J16C0; CORNER Brocerj • and bar on Larki.i
et. : rent. Including 5 rooms, $44; horse and j
vaeon: 5 years' lease;' daily receipts about
ISO; owner to leave for the country; a flr»t-
c'.ass nr.d rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
2Qi Kearr-y Et
A— JCf<0; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
rr.eda; rent $S; daily receipts $12; business es-
tiU & years. Call It G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A-J200; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $1L; bargain. R, G. WILKE.
IC*4 Kearny et. »
A— S40O&; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years ar.<i known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
li. G. WILKE. S6>4 Kearny et.
$o<»j — CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: gxjlng
Eart cause of eale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777^3 Market Et.
X223 — SALOON; departure cau*e of eaie. Me-
LAUCHLIN & CO.. 777H Market et.
$2~S— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business; will
I ay from $C0 to $75 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777>4 Market *t.
tZ7a — BUTCHER fhep: prosperous country
tn«T.: bargain. McLACGHLIN & CO.. 777H
Market st.
A-J27'.; BUTCHER ehop. with horse and cart:
•furnished complete: e*tab!lshed and conducted
fuccesefully for 25 years; In a first-class
neighborhood; north of Market et: rent, with
f table, only lift monthly; will give a long
'.ease to a desirable tenant; other engage-
ments demand owner's attention and compels
fcac-ifW ; thin bargain cannot be equaled. M.
A. liHOQKS. 1* tiolden Gate ave.
KESTAURANT with 10 keeping rooms; heart
of city; very cheap. COWING & CO.. 7l»
Market st.
A WOOD, coal an<l feed yard: line location;
clears f75 mo. COWING & CO.. 719 Market
A SALOON in whol'-sale district; Ms bargain;
Eickr.t-ss. COWING & CO.. 719 /Market st.
A tltllt, CANDY and Jce cream parlors, with
factory, in the best location north of
METkft; fir.e fixture*; good business, clearing
jlftft monthly. LANE _ CO.. £65 Market «t
A— I2S: LODGING-HOUSE. 9 rms.: centrally lo-
cated: all rms. rentM: owner must sell, leav-
lng State. STENBERO CO., S35 Market «t
ATTENTION fihoemnkers!— Fine store to open
fhoe business in rapidly growing neighbor-
h-wd: no opposition ; fixtures In; 4 roo'ma. Cor.
Third ave. and Clement; Sutro cars paES door.
PARTNER with jeoa In optical business.; money
r»o object; rc-ceipts from $600 to SHiOQ per
month; muM be a craduate optician. Bcr
S2E1, Call office. ¦ ,-:
WANTED to rent-Place for photo-engraver;
—ruld rrefer with printing business or photo-
graph gal!»i— . Box 1612. Call office.
AN intercut m a paying legitimate busings,
whtre services of capable man are required ;
Investigation and refnecs. A. D.. box Zi, Call.
KESTAURAXT near 3 factories; good business,
cheap rent; large yard with cfalckens. COS
Seventh st.
FOR ssJe— tJuteher business, near city; must
e^ll at nnoe. Address P. O. box IS. Sooth San
Francisco. San Slateo County, Cal.
DRESSMAKING rarlor to let; business estab-
linhcd. CC9 Haight Et
PARTNER fcr fir*t-cla*s restaurant: pmall
capital required. Box 22SC/ Call office.
FOR *al«»— Eteam beer brewery with saloon and
bottling works attached; everything In bett
working order. Address City Brewery. Santa
Bsrbcra. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS raloon and cafe dcing good busi-
ngs; good location; reason of sale, other busi-
ness: fullest investigation allowed: will take
part trade. Address box S277. Call oQce.
BARGAIN— Tailor shop for eale at 130 EJlls St.;
t-stahliffced and k»pt by the owner 9 year*;
rent raid to the 2Slh of this month.
CHEAP: candy, stationery, notion store: school
in same block: living rooms rear; rent cheap.
C0« McAllifter et.: no agents.
BAKKRT. notions, cigars and laundry; present
ownwv there « year*. £07 Third «.
CIGAR, periodical, stationery und notion store;
living roora* ; good location.- 2505 Folsom et
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot etc: fine
location; place Is entirely covered: contains S
rtalle: r*r.t only $15; water free. -Inquire WM.
HENDMCKSON & CO.. €14 Call building.
RESPECTABLE girl to help with housework;
small family. 15. Baker st. near Haight.
TWO compositors: also young lady to learn
proofreading and typesetting. Box 3280. Call.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 481
Ninth et.
A— ..MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
12 carpenters $3 day and free fare
machinist for large company ••
83 carpenters, different jobs.. $3 and $2 60 day
20 laborers to help carpenters. ...$40 and found
22 men or strong boys to handle hammer and
hatchet. 2 years' Job: come see.. $30 to $40. fd.
2 coopers, ranch carpenter and millwright; 27
blacksmiths, also some helpers, $3, $2 50, $2
day and $1 75 and $2 day
6 boys or men to work In a city factory: gen-
eral utility man: t farmers and wives; 6 men
for warehouse work, free fare, $75
5 laborers, warehouse.... $2 50 day, free fare
horse breakers
8 coachmen, $30, and found; 3 gardeners, $30;
6 men to break stock on ranch.. $45 and found
S laborers, warehouse, $2 50 day, free fare
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
236 laborers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to $40
and found, any body will suit; 95 woodsmen.
miUmen; also all kinds of planing mill help.
$95. $80. $65 $70. $60. $40. $50. $30 and found..
364 woodchoppers. tiemakers, etc., $3, $2 50, $2,
II end 75c cord, tools and food fouisd
126 farm hands $35. $30. $26 and found
35 milkers and butter-makers. ..$30. $25 'found
24 stablemen, etc.. "5. ISO. ?60, $40. $30 found
16 hay-balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day;
some board yourselves home; boys for stores,
factories, etc., city jobs. cabinet-makers,
wood-workers, carriage- makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
....ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME. SEE..
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A— FREE FARE
Mines. ....Gold Silver and Other Mines.......
163 miners, some slnsle-hand.~ some double,
some machine and Burnish- drillers, for 3«
different mines. $30, $75. $00 and found
3C5 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required,
• $C0. $S0. $48. $40 per month and found : come
see; fireman. 16 muckers. $60: 12 men to learn
mining. Crowd going— MURRAY & READ*.
Big wages paid 634 and 636 Clay St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY^&TrEADY Phone Main £843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want at 7 a. m. To-day
We Ship Free
74C9 men for all parts of California. Utah.
Washington. Arizona. Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
Free Fare and Office Fee Only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santa Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City district.Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district Newman district
Dunsmulr district Bakerafleld district
Soda Springs district....: Madera district
San Luis district Surf distriat
Special to Shasta County district
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points Rood wage»
and other places; we ship free »ree
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammermen,
quarrymen. spikers. section hands, tum^r
m en. steel gang?, etc.. wages $3.V$2 50. $2 »5.
$2. $1 9« a day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because it
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see
FREE FKE_
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAKERS for millinery wanted. 130 Sixth St.
A GIRL for general housework; wages $23.
Call between 1 and 3, 2108 Scott st.
A— HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, $50 and found, see
boss here...
waiters for mines $30 and found
48 cooks; come see $70, $60 yj), $40, $30 fd
89 waiters $35. $30, $23 found
19 dishwashers $30. $26. $25. $20. $15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen........
.9 butchers $33, $40, $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, 2d, 3d hands; also
boys. $50. $60, $40. $30. $23. and found
14 laundry men. $35, $30 and found; come see.
Laundryman and wife, country, $27 week.
marker and distributor $12 week:
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 838 Clay *t
SPECIAL
25 woodsmen. San Cruz Co., $32 50 and found
sticker hand, $3 SO day; planer, $3 day; match-
er, $3 day; machine man, $3 day
FRUIT PICKERS and MEN for DRY YARDS
6 men, dry yards, large fruit company. $33
and found: 150 fruit pickers, all parts of the
country. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A-FRUIT-PICKERS... BOOKKEEPER. ETC
23 fruit-pickers, men or boys, fare from $1.
wages $30 and $26 and found...;
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— 6 ROUGH carpenters for a syndicate doing
their own work. $2 50 to $3 day. 10c fare
lineman, sawmill company $~ and found
. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
"C4LL" WANT ADS PAY.
-
-~m cuts* . •;' »usj»-»
FINE FOOTWEAR
trio Ltr*i vt-mirv
Ssw&P SnSfcF \ 717 Mnrkft *t
- X>T)M
o-jr a £ost cuC toy/' J%>%, Gax£* . 7%kui du%+ic&ui^
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5~ feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
Fons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.. t30 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 10S8 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
828 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, Ordinary seamen and green hands;
al! parts of world. - HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
—-—years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, ii Third St.. near Mar-
, ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth aniVHoward—
Rooms 13e ta 2jc per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
CHEAP horse, buggy and harness and rood
second-hand milk wagon: also one big work
horse. 603 Ash ave., off Laguna st., between
McAllister and Fulton; call 7 to 3 a. m. or
4 to £ p. m.
40 HORSES for sale; als.o wagons, bu««rtes.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchanjre, 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath, in good order.
U27 Post st.
$27 50 — ONE of those handsome sunny houses;
6 rooms; exposed plumbincr. 512 Guerrero st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath and basement. In-
quire corner 19th and Folsom sts.: UDatalra.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A FURNISHED flat: 3 rooms and bath. 1717
Webster st. near Sutter: rent IIS.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Taylor st., Aug. 10, -ftt>m~wlishTngtozi
" to Clay, coming from a bath, a leather
satchel, steel snap, containing silver watch
bottle camphor, alcohol, scissors, knife file'
boot hook, napkin: the finder will be liberally
paid. 1243 Clay st.
LOST— Fox terrier dog: name Rowdy; No. 2592-
liberal reward. JOHN MANNING! 327 Te-
hama St.
LOST— Collection book. Return to 408 Pacific
Et ; reward.
LOST— Tuesday evening, part of diamond ear-
rlng; reward at 14 McAllister St.. Cat 3.
LARGE black mastiff with little gray whit*
breast. Return to 629 Ho~ard stf; reward.
LOST— Wednesday morning In vicinity cf Oalc
and Ashbury sts., a. magpie, with white sdoiT
Return same to 417 Ashbury st" and receive
reward. w
LOST— Large black dog. Hugo on collar: blind
b n aiSo£» a Tt: Reward - a J-grov_u"_l
LOST-Auguat 8, an 'Eastern Star brooch-
ga'r 9 d S.: A re^Vd° a R «*"° *^
LO t ST -J° un f coachdog. Return to 713 Folsoia
Bis t lc n iirfl.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrin-
'¦_°G S nS?™TV. tO $100 °- At U *CLE JiaRrV£
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
preparing and canning; steady work; highest
wages paid; premiums paid for quick work.
Apply immediately U. S. FRUIT PACKING
CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
300 GIRLS end women wanted * to work, on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit;- steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornlan Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan *t.,
between Third and Fourth. *
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont St.;
no iexperlence necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL to assist with light housework at . 1044
Ellis st. - . ...-.••
HAIRDRESSERS and apprentices for hair,
work at G. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
NEAT girl to assist: good home to right girl.
3338 Seventeenth pt., near Castro. ¦
BUTTONHOLE makers and apprentices want-
ed on vests at rooms 41 and 42, 40 Ellis st.
WANTED-Rellable girl to take care of 3 chil-
dren and do general housework. 3329 Twenty-
eecond st. .
WANTED— A lady to assist in giving baths
and massage: good home and fair pay to
right party; etate nge. Box 3297, Call office.
WANTED — An educated, energetic woman to
travel for business firm; previous experience
not necessary. Box 3253, ! Call office. - ' '
WAN-TED — Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFG. CO.. 409A Turk st.
WAITRESS at -515 Valencia st.; $4 per week
;'-¦ and : room. - • .
SMALL nlrl for light housework; wages $3.
787 Stevenson St., off Ninth. ¦ ' ;
EXPERIENCED operators . on gent's white
shirts: steady work good hands. S3S Valencia.'
WANTED— Girl for , general - housework; also
¦ girl/to assist with children. 2912 Clay st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
-•learning. 641 Market st. ¦-¦¦-¦¦'»
WANTED— Young girt to. assist In housework
and mind baby.; 925, Larkin st. >&"¦¦:' : ¦
EXPERIENCED feeder for ruling. 'MYSELL.
ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay at. .... .' , ;. . ..
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 fblsom'st., between 13th; and 14th/;; ,r
$100. COO TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCQ
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. *
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008 Va-
lencia ii i n'lU'imi'iiWiiiii^niXii'iniiiirii't'iiww'.Hii'H'iiy'iT
EXPERIENCED operators on * negligee shirts ;
good ¦ pay. ,. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
GOOD, , strong, - Intelligent -boy wanted; 15-17
years old. S. N. : WOOD _ CO., corner Eddy
.: and Powell sts. • .. -
GOOD barber: steady Job. 725 Fourth et.. San
:, Rafael: ; tel. ; Red 15.- ¦•: „•- ¦¦¦¦¦ ..','. ¦.¦¦ .¦<..
BARBER-SHOP and baths for sale;- fine loca-
tion; good business: owner, leaving city. .'"Ad-
« dress box 32S5, Call. :' v .
WANTED^For U. S. army, 1 able-bodied un-
¦ married men between ages of 21 and 35;.clt-
. Izens •- of United States; of good > character
and - temperate habits, : , who •• can * speak, ¦¦ read
and write English; recruits are specially, de-
sired for service in Philippines. For infor-
mation apply to > Recruiting Officer, 121 New
* Montgomery • st.. Ban Francisco, • Cal.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
TOUNG woman to assist In cooking and house-
work. Apply before 12 o'clock at 1837 Mission.
WANTED— A Tvoman to help with housework.
Apply at ES2 Sixth St.
WANTED— Woman for country. Call after 10
a. m. at 923 Fillmore st.
AN office assistant and stenographer. Address
"Mercantile,, box 32S7. Call office. v
M . R t s . M. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' special-
' 1st;, home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
Dr ;- POPPER, ladies' physician: call on physt-
. clan with man's knowledge; treatment can bo
used at home. 31S Kearny st. •
SL? R - K P\} U the *•"' known and reliable
JXl ' e! L socialist; guaranteed treatment at of.
¦?fLV** : .»!? l!Ulv e.cure;-.tionie tor patients b*-
IMJ}, durln & confinement ; skillful medical
?/« 2.J2 n: con »— — itlon free and confidential.
44« Eddy sU. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
D 5>«°V- W * O'DON'NELL,. the world-renowned
~ twl» S , 8 P* ct 1' l9 t: *-> and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years : treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023H Market st.
Ihl* inrt? • * D . AVIES ; "=8 Market st.-ReIl-
«™!Ui ? an . d » ents «P*c-lists; 32 years-
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
¦•lne?. 1 _d y i : ' a * »»«" lve -™«» KuarameS at o?-
S£t". '. adle » treated can return home the same
m.^VV y l h * ceIebr »t*d HINDO HETRB treat-
re^t ions; perfectly harmless; home for conflne.
ment. Send five 2-rent stamps for circular.
MEDICAL.
MEDICAL. '
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists. _.
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable; y
¦ cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with >
success; 15 years' practice in S. F.: maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.*
PJJ ctice; home in confinement; treatment at
office. $j; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 942 p o , t st .. bet. Hyde and Larkln.'
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium .34 Sacra— ento.cor.Ke.-irr.y;adyice fre«.
DR. and MRS. JJ. WEGENER-PrlvatS homa
lc confinement. 1312 Golden Gat? ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
DI i»2! rO J IC L H P' h " rb dQctor - '"-a's a" <"a-
¦*ase» of the human body.' \v, Ma ion st.
™*^}']^ K^ : *> V!t — for saleT
ID -* !a «T.^ £Z
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
EARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture ami
fixtures; new an<l s»cond-hand; we a'.wava
have a large stock of naloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma.1»-
we can ship everj-tMng in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN\ 1017. 1013. 1021. lf>23 Mission »t., abova
btxth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WillTELAW. 216 Spear »t. *""- e >»-
A— 100 H. p. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
preasor. JARPINE. -20 Fremont st.
A— $3 50DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearay st.. near PlneT
A GOOD talking carrot; cheap. 1341 Stockton
street.
GROCERYMEX. attention— Largo fixtures for
sale cheap at 953 Howard rt.
2I^t H^ r>^ hot0 .^ rapnlc and m ** tc lantern out- \
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery. 1
A p 1 r^°slfr alr^allY 0^a aP ,1. flr ! "" '
6^- BCBX-TIXB
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ar-4
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
3000 FT. 2d-hand pipe, U-ineh, black & straight
me per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
2D-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale at.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline enn. II. S. Whit>>. 51S Mission.
A FINE suite. $l5: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; la.1*
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 Cal.
EDISON concert phonoirr aph — Reduced price.
$73; concert records. $1 SO. Baclpalupi. i3.1 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Ceaie.
2D-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BtTLUARD 5Br CHECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE Ca-» 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT9.
SEALSKINS are what we pay bis prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
3IONEY TO LOAS. ~
ANY amount at 5 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro.
tate; mortgages and legacies bought: no #*e-
lay; get my terms before doin«c business else-
where. R. XIcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortsrapes, life Insurance. Room IS. first Boer.
Chronicles bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st. ; tel. Main lf"44. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages, an;! on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
ON fumltcre and planes without removal : quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
£5 and 63. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, sliver, diantbnds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURE!
O. H. HARSIIBAROER. 322 Ellis, room M.
AT 126 Keamy Bt.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamond*; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephona Davis 993.
$;ro.nr,n at 6 per cent In sums to suit in city: also
$130.0CO on laree- ranches: aNo on second mort-
gages. K. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine »t.
>JJY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor «t.
MONEY to loan on furniture, pianos, fixtures;
low rates; confld. Rm. SOS, Winchester Hrtel.
' .«NV amount on furniture and pianos: Z per
i cent: no removal: no com. Room SI. « Eddy.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. solves all kinds oC
financial problems: 2<1 mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without "ccurity: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321_Parrott blsr.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. •> Eddy «t.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d m ort*ajrrs. estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 6C3. Examiner buiMingr.
CASH loaned to. salaried people on note wi'hout
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building. ,
ON furniture, pianos. witSout removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WaYteS ~"
LOAN of $3C0O wanted for five years at S per
- cent: good real estate security. Apply to-C«
D.. 2C61 Pacific ave.. Alameda; If personally.
_______________________________
MUSICAL I.\STniT3JE>TS.
THE finest tuning and repairing done at MALT-
VAIS.' TO Market st.
A NEW lot of "Baby" Deckers Just received;
they are beauties and* so reasonable in price.;
MAUVAIS'. 76J Market st
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchase
if desired; prices low for a good article.
MAUVAIS', 769 Market Bt.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY"
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of every ffrad? to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights J8 cash. $« per month; soma
good pianos for $3. $» and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. STEINWAY,
DEALER3. corner Kurny and Sutter sts..
fan Francisco, corner Broadway and Thlr-
tt-enth St.. Oakland. _______
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steok Upright, walnut — u>e: » k » Be ~-
One Weber UpriKht: walnut case; no—.
One Fischer Upright; In fine order.
One Sterling Upright; mahogany •»—*;.
One Neumann Upright: very Rood.
One Curtaz Uprlsht:«oak case; excellent
Prices from $135 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON. 18 O'FarreU st.
26 28 and 30 OFarrell st.; planoe organs and
all other musical instruments of all — -adea
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thlns possible done to please and satisfy lt\9, x
customer. i (
BARGAINS— A beautiful 3-pedal upright, mag-
nificent tons and case, used a few months.
$150- Fisher upright. $30: a Ste'nway upright.
used a few years. DEWINQ CO.. Flood bldg.
RFMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to S33 Market, bet. Sth and Sth. next
Hale Bros. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low prtcea.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of — .usical
, instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage:
at your own price; also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Stnrace. 1710 Market st. ,
$70; FINE large upright: also folding bed; must
sell; 11 to 3. 364S Eighteenth st.
H-'xl— ELEGANT large 3-pedal upright, or rent
for $2 50 month. 342 Kearny st. .
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $73 up; installments $3
up; rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post «t. :
Hardman. Conover and other pianos. *
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler Hamll-
ton pianoa. 3C3 Po«t st., t>pp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment ta
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister »U
? ADGER . «« Sacramento st agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & DavY, planosT
_^ PSICA _WSTR()CT1OS. "^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
2 STRONG boys, some experience housepatnt-
lng. before 8. 711 Tehama st.. between Eighth
and Ninth. _
FIRST-CLASS boys' and children's clothing
salesman. RAPHAEL'S <Inc).
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 21 East
street.
BARBER wanted at 306 Fifth St.; Saturday
and Sunday.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
304 Folsom Bt. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 626 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted from Saturday noon till 4
o'clock Sunday. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday, and Sunday. 715 Davis
street. "
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday afternoon
' and Sunday. . 140fiH Dupont et.
WANTEDr-Barber; Saturday, and Sunday or
, steady. 1703 j Devisadero st.
GOOD barber wanted at 1073 Market st. near
Seventh. , .
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 107H Fifth st.
WANTED — Strong errand boy. Apply EC8 Front
•street. ¦ ¦
GROCERY clerk wanted at corner Twenty-first
- and Mission sts., R. SPECKTER.
WANTED— Window dresser and card writer.
JOE ROSENBERG.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted by the week, i
1170 Market St., room 12.
"WANTED — A coatmaker. . 564 Geary st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 200 O'Farrell st.
¦WANTED— Night cook at 1436 Turk St., corner
of Stelner. - ¦--... .
WANTED— Helper in home bakery. Apply at
'1217 Valencia st. . - .
GOOD dishwasher! 126 Ninth »t.; call early.,
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 947
' . Flllmore Ht.. corner McAllister. ; • •
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
¦ Eddy st. ' . ¦;-.-,
LUNCH cook wanted; German; $7 a week*. 1075
Market st.
WANTED — An experienced second cook at TJ.
S. Restaurant, 123 Eddy st.
PORTER for barber shop; also barber. 11
Sixth st" ,- ¦ ¦¦:.-¦..¦
SALESMAN wanted ;• furnishing goods depart-
ment. Apply S» N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market.
CASH boys wanted: only those attending night
. , school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S
Market . Bt. *. _ •
WANTED— A flrffclass window <tresser. 8. N.
¦ WOOD & CO., 718 Market St.. S. F.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
. 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.-..
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave. ,
WANTED— A young man; some experience la
' . dry goods; in city. - Box 3296, Call office. •
WANTED— Assistant bartender. 18 Post st.
VEST-MAKER " who understands running fac-
tory.. 641 Market st. , ,¦.¦¦-..---
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing. 2007V4
: Fillmore st.
COOK 'wanted. 322 Main Ht.-
EXPERIENCED boy wanted "who understands
bookbinding. MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22
: ;Clay : st.\-/ \: '¦': .; .•¦•;.;.'.>.'.;* '¦.;.-.. .-•;'¦ .
MEN.. women, learn chiropody, dermatology. by
; mall; diplomas. Correspondence Department,
254 Sixth ave.. . New York. Write. , .; .
COAT ; makers, * coat : pressers "and vest opera-
tors. 641 ; Market- St.""
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
.that EdRolkin/ Reno House proprietor,' still
.-. runs Denver; House; 1 217 Third st.;, 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 pej.week. •¦¦¦ ,,
MEN and women' to learn barber trade: small
¦ wages while \ learning; catalogue mailed free.
.; S. F. : Barber College.. 741A Howard St.
NEW; goods ; ¦ quick sales; salary or qommls-
; slon : city or country.' iXhe J. Dewing Co '
' Flood bulldinB. V ..
• ¦;'¦ -;. ¦:¦¦,. .¦.;.* *_: ' ;¦¦,¦ -¦ . -- _1
EDUCATIONAL. ,
AYRKS' Business College, 723 Market st. ; life
scholarship, $50; . Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.- * ¦ .
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical'
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ' \
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH -BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
S10-312 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; if you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M.- W. COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow, block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING.' free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123fi Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mecb. sur-
vey. afc?ay. cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAII^LEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, teacher
of zither, 526 Turk st., bet. Larkin and Polk.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo." 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best In 'America— The. Weekly
Call, 16 pagas, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment eon-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 379.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42« Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4U^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE/"
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework: Is good cook; city or
country; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place,
off Grant ave. - *
A YOUNG lady would like a good home in
country; will assist In light housework; no
washing; state wages. Address box 2003, Call
office, Oakland.
A CAPABLE German woman wants work by
the day washing. Ironing and cleaning. 1123
Broadway.
WOMAN to do housework in city or country:
work for small wages. Call Saturday and
Sunday, room 11. 49 Fifth st. •
A YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In gen-
eral housework. 651 Stevenson St., near 7th.
A COMPETENT bookkeeper wants pot.it 1cm: S
years' experience; references. Box 161L Call.
WOMAN wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 116 Sixth St.. room L
"WOMAN wishes plain sewing and mending
to do at home. £90 San Jose, ave.'
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
E21 Mission st., room 1.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly lady to do
light housework; Is good plain cook; washing
and ironing; no objection to country. Apply
, for 3 -days at 403 Third st.
A COMPETENT woman with a child of 7
would like employment: no objection to coun-
try. Add. MRS. LOVRIGING, 3491 18th st.
A STYLISH dressmaker; good fitter and cut-
ter: quick worker; $150 per day: children's
and ladies' suits remodeled. L., 2CG0 Mission.
SWEDISH girl with city references; under-
stands all branches of cooking; wages $30.
Apply at 1630 Broadway, bet. 10 and 2.
ltEF"I>"ED Eastern lady wlnhes position as
housekeeper in city or country. MRS. L. Z.
* QUINN, Oakland, Cal., general delivery.
FINLAND girl wishes to do general house-
work and cooking: in American family. Please
call at 1112 Stelner St., near Golden Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes upstairs
work and sewing; city or country. 764 Six-
teenth St., Oakland.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
eklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
YOUNG lady wishes upstairs work and sewing;
$15. 1316 Stelner «t., near Ellis. -
WOMAN wishes position to do work by the
• day. 1579 Fifteenth St., near Mission.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
kte; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 50 to $S
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and tiasK.'iC" to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel%-e<J at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t
SITUATION wanted by one advanced in mind;
his object Is home, no money; desire time
to write and think for the world. Address
box 3290, -Call office.
YOUNG 'man, 25 years of age, desires position
as ccachman. Add. J. M. S., 51 Hermann st.
POSITION as engineer or machinist; 8 years
in flour mill; 7 years In water works; 5Vi
years electric railroading. Address box 2231.
Call office. •
YOUNG German of 25 with best of references
desires steady position in private family or
an janitor In fiomfe Institution of this city.
Address box 3290. Call office.
XIGHT watchman with best references would
11kb a position. Addrepa C. HARTMANN,
127 .Turk nt. ¦
RESPECTABLE young man wishes to hear of
petition as bartender or anything In store;
fln^-clasB reference. Box 3300, Call office.
GROCERY clerk wants place. Call or address
G. P.. Io02 Mlfslon 8t.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
others — O-chs>rd and vineyard help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. i2i
Sacramento st. i
NURSE, graduate of an Eastern- training
; school and experienced masseur, wishes a
position. Addrens A. M., 317 Stockton St.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
i skins. UNCLE HARRIS,' 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C3G Va-
lencia et. . •
EXPERT OPTICIANS. Z"
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-,
justed. N. Mfinapse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL. ¦«•.."
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for*
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
~~ FLATS TO: LET. /
A FINE lower sunny 3-room flat: $10; cheap; 2
Pine place, off Pine St., near Mason.,
FINE flat, 7 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments C25 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT, 3 rooms and sunny yard; water free;
$7. Apply at S24 Fell St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
. from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny C-room flat, . yard, ; etc. ; rent
. reasonable* 9 Chattanooga st., bet. Dolores
and Church.
ON -account of departure; elegant new lower
flat. 7 rooms, bath, etc., 938-Oeary St., be-
tween Larkin and Polk. Apply on premises.
$16— A NSW 5- room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free;' 3743 Twenty-second,' nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS, : 15 Grant . ave. ,:.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It pages, in wrapper.' for mailing. $1 per year.
, FLATli TO'; LET— FURNISHED. /-
SECOND, 523— Two nice sunny rear/ flats, 3 and
- 4 ¦¦rooms; rent $8 and $10; bath. . yard. - .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for" $43 CO. with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. ¦.;..<
CHAS. LEVY buys your "furniture. . carpets,
pianos, , etc. ¦ 1135 Market St. : tel. , Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L: Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel."/ Polk
C34; '. furniture ¦ and furnished;, houses; bought.;
$5000 worth of furniture,, carpets, 1 etc..' .wanted.
¦:- M. Sllvereteln. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.'
ALFRED WOLLPERT. . 773 Mission St.". pays
highest price for your, second-hand • furniture.
W." E: CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.- 757 Mission: tel/ Red 3353.-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly. Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing,' $1 per year.THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL.
Flozu of Rivers.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one s«cond foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. LIpptncott. hydrorrapher of the
United State* Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
KINGS RIVER AT RED
IOUNTAIN.
Sh ipping Intelligence.
Friday, August 10.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, 38 hours from Crescent
City.
Etmr South Coast, Oleen, 14 hours from Al
bion. .
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, SS hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports. ,
¦ Stmr Alex Duncan. Macgenn, 12 hours from
Moss Landin;.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, K hours from Coos
Bay. .
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, 15 hours from Caspar
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 43 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Bktn Gardiner . City. Walton, BH days from
Grays Harbor.
- Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel, 16 hours ¦ from
Fishermans . Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 13 hours from
Bowens Landlnc.
¦- Schr Glen, Wilson, 43 hours from Byxbees
Landing.
Barge Santa. Paula, Nielsen, hours from
San Pedro* V^mMhBMMBhI
ARRIVED.
: George H. and : Annette P. • Barrett to '. J." S.-
Myers, lot on N. line of Santa Clara avenue/ 60
* • -Walter, and • Pauline Wolstenholme ¦ to Jacob
Heyman.Jots 130 and 131, Alvln tract, Brooklyn
Township: Illl '|i, ji'i'MiiiaMiiiiHilm ¦
William : H. B. Hayward to Thomas ¦ MulUn,
lotfon E line of Shattuck avenue, 180.20N~of
Ashby avenue, N 40, E 117.39, 8'40,-W 119.81,
to - beginning, , being • lot 22, block = C," Adeline
tract, -subject- to a mortgage to Berkeley Bank
of Savings for $10CO, ¦, Berkeley; • $10. :
• Robert and t Mordena M. Stewart to Albert
Naylor, lot on N line of Dwight way, .-200< E
of Fulton, street, E 60 by N. 135,. being portion
of '- lot 2, block 4, Map of - Property College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $4200. - v
-; Rebecca and Myron L. Wurts to Emily E.
Poxilter (wife of Charles T. Poulter), lot on W
line of Salem street, 206 N of Forty-third. N
100,- SW 125:6, S 90, E 125. to beginning, being
lots 10 and 11, block 1, on map of subdivision
of plat 6,,Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland
Township: $10.
Silas W. and Mary J. Lauder - to > estate of
Louis I G. Lauder, , undivided >4 interest In lots
9. 10 and 11. block 6, Regent Street Homestead
Berkeley; $C00. ..
Willie L. and Levitt H. Cox to Amanda A.
Sanders (wife of Joseph Sanders),, lot on' N
line of Thirty-seventh street. 242:6 E of Wet,t
street. ¦ 13: 26:6. by -N"- 147:6. being lot 21, block
B. Major Given tract, Oakland; $10.
Frederick Boegle and J. E. McElrath:et al.
by W. S. Harlow (commissioner) to Augusta
Olson, lots 4. 6 and 7. block F. Map of J. E.
McElrath tract, Oakland; $750. .
G.- L. and Katie L. Fltz to E. T. Keyser,
lot on S line of Felton street, now Sixty-third,
1I6.R2 E of San Pablo avenup. E 40, S 163:01
SW 40, " N 171.73, to beginning, > being lot 7'
block 12. Herzog tract.. Oakland; $10. .
Joanna L. and Frank Miller to Susan C.
Terry, lot on W line of Park street, -110-2U S
of Buena Vista avenue, S 35:4'^, W 106:3%'. -N
33, E 107.60. to, beginning, being portion of lot
12, block 46, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Ala
meda: $10.
Alameda County.
Michael Wappel to Elise M. Fay, lota 10 to 12
25, 26. 4 1 to 48, block 6G, City Lrfind Associa
tion: gift. • '
John and Catherine M. Skerrett to James and
Sarah M. Cole, lot on SE line of Shipley street.
375 SW of Fifth; SW 60 by SE 75: $10.
Anna Joost (wife of Behrend) to Joseph and
Celestlna Filibertl. lot on W line of Vermont
street, 33:4 N of Humboldt, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Celsus and Ida E. Brower to Patrick and
Annie B. Minihan, lot on 8 line of California
street, 107:6 W> of Second r avenue, W 25 by S
100: $10.
Josephine G. or Josephine Gcrema (Meyer) to
John Pforr, lot on N W line of Brannan street
225 SW of Third. SW 25 by 75; $10.
John L. and Anna L. Kreye to same, lot on
NW line of Natoma street. 96 SW of First SW
23:C by NW 75: $10.
Mary A. Mitchell, to Marie J. Mitchell, lot on
S line of Harrlspn street, 217:6 E of Third D
20 by S SO; gift. . •
James Q. Anderson to Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on S line of Eighteenth street.
75 E of Hartford, E 25 by S 75; also lot on W
line of Noe street. 100 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by
W 125; also lot on SE corner of Sanchez and
Army streets. E 26 by S 62: $10.
John and Marie J. Baader to Henry E.
Bothln. lot, on NW line of Natoma street, 166:3
SW of First, SW 23:3 by NW 75; $10.
Jean Kllnpel to Ullse Kllngel, lot on W line
ot Fair Oaks street, 1S3 N of Twenty-second, N
22 by W 117:6; gift.
Sarah A. Morris to T. B. Draper, lot on E
line of Tremont avenu<, S25:6 S of Frederick
street, S 29:6 by E SO; $10.
"William K. Van Alen to John F. and Annie
McGeoiiRh. lot on N line of Clay street, 110 W
of Lyon, W 27:6 by N 100; $10.
Frank B. and Cora B. Norton to Leonard and
Jenni" A. George, lot on NAV corner of Vallejo
ami Wcb5ter streets. W S3 by N 137:6; $10.
Same to Pauline Schilling (wife of Claus),
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 35 W of Webster
W 15 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles Klein to Theresa M. Brooks, lot on
S line of Green street, 163 W of Buchanan W
27:C by S 137:6: $10.
Estate of John Hays or Hayes, by James
Kelly, executor, to I^ouls Metzger. lot on N
line -of Broadway, IfiS:9 "\V of I-.ni kin street. "W
21:41.4 by X 137:6; $2007.
•Bridget Maloney (wife of John) to Christine
F. Casserly (wife of M. G.). lot on NE line of
trickles street. 30 NW of Huron. NW 3 by NE
105. lot 23, block 9H, "West End Map 2; gift. '
Manuel I. and Joanna I. Plres to Mary A.
Hackett, lot 412, Gift Map 1; $10.
Sophie Swltzer (guardian Frederick and Ed
ward Swltzer, minors) to Cornelius A. Buck,
all Interest In lot on SW line of Fourteenth
avenue. 225 SE of P street, SE 25 by SW 100.
block 231. O'N. and H. Tract; $325.
Sophia Switzer to same, undivided half of
same; $10.
(Estate of Mary A. Smith (by Henry Blyth,
executor) to Henry F. Blanchet Jr., lots 3 and
4. block 61, Excelsior Homestead Association;
$1000.
A<3olph Eberhart to E. P. E. Troy, lot on E
line of Shotwell street, 14S:6 S of Seventeenth,
S 2V& by E 122:6; 510.
Thomas Stevenson to Sarah E. Stevenson, lot
on M line of Twenty-eighth Btreet, 2:5 E of
Church, N 128. E 74.11H. SW 135, W 35:3%; gift.
James Cornyn to 'Herman von Werthern, lot
on SE corner of Twenty-ninth and Sanchez
streets, E SO by S 114; $10. •
Lillle E. Bourne (Wyatt) to Henry J. Mlbach,
lot on W line of Kureka street. 75 N of Eight
eenth, N 49:4 by W 125; $3000.
Clotilde U. Williams and Leontlna A. Jack
son to G. B. Demartinl. lot on N line of Lewis
street, 217:6 W of Taylor, also SO N on Post,
W*» by N 57:B; J10.
Iilbernla Savingrs and Loan Society to James
W. Smith, lot on SE line of Howard street,
455 SW of First, SW 25 by SE S5; $4250.
Peplna, Charles E., Auguste and Maude E.
Ploda to Charles Carpy, lot on JfE line of
Fourth street, 137:6 SE of Brannan, SE 137:6
by NE 137:6; HO.
German Savings and Loan Society to Tim
othy and Johar.nah Leary, lot 6, block 2. Mar
lon Tract (Hospital lot); $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. ¦ ' Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge . Con .22 300 Ophlr 64
400 C C & Va....l 42Vj 300 Potosi.......... 14
200 Crown. Point... 13 300 Sierra : Nevada. 37
500 Mexican ...;."... M 100 Silver Hill...... 60
300 Mexican- ....... 29 100 Standard .....;.< 25
200 Occidental ..... 07 600 Yellow Jacket.. 2«
300 Bullion ...04 300 Mexican 23
200 Bullion ........ 03 300 Ophlr ........... G6
100 Challenge : Con. 22 500 Ophir .........;:< 65
700 Chollar :.:...... 13 SOO Savage ......... 13
560 C C.& Va.....fl 43 200 Sierra - Nevada. 38
300 C C & Va.:..l 42',4 200 Silver Hill 58
500 Gould & Curry. 16 500 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200 Gould & Curry. 13 200 Yellow Jacket. 23
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock -Board, yesterday :. _
200 Best & Belcher . 19 100 Occidental 07
J0O Challenge Con. 21 700 Potosi 14
300 Chollar ......... 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 39
100 Crown* Point... 15! 100 Standard 4 23
100 Gould & Curry. 16;- 200 Utah .:......... OS
700 Hale & Nor.... 24 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
250 Mexican ....... 281 900 Yellow Jacket... 25
Afternoon Session
200 Andes .......... 10 'SCO Ophlr ...: 66
300 Belcher ' .... ,~... 13 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
50 Caledonia ...... 71 100 Silver Hill. 53
200 Crown Point;.. 13 500 Yellow ; Jacket. 2S
700 Mexican ....... 30 j 300 Yellow Jacket. 27
300 Ophir ........... 67!
Morning Session.
The following were the pales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
. • Board— *; ;^:"
10 Blue Goose la 00
100 American Fuel ••••••••• 32
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 4 2j
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦"
20 San Jcanuln Oil & Dev..... 4,25
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 20
Street—
5 Blue Goose .'.15 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board— '
15 Giant Powder Con ' 8a 00
$60C0 Market-st Cable 6s ...128 00
J3000 Market-st Cable 68. 8 10..... ..128 00
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds... 106 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 6175
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 61 7o
JuOOO S V 4s (2d.mortg) -.102 75
100 Vigorit Powder 3 37Ji
Afternoon Session.
FRIDAY, Aug. 10—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup. .114^115%
4s do reg 114',ill5H
4s do cp new.. 131^132*8
Cs quar coup-.10S?il09V4
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6>4 —
C C Water 5a.. 106*4 —
Ed L & P 65.12-fc —
F & Cl Ry" 6s. .115 —
Geary-st R 5s. — . 99
H C & S 5H». — —
Do 6s — 104
L A Ry 5s 103V410CU
L A Lt Co' 6s. — — ,
Do gntd 6s.. — —
L A jrntd 5s. .100 —
L A P R R 5s. — —
Market-st 6s. ..123 —
Do 1st M 6s.li8% —
N C N G R 7s. — —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 —
Do 6s — 119
N P C R R 63.101 —
Do 5s 106 107
N Cal Ry 5s..lllVi —
Oak G L & H.lll 112
Oak Tran 6r..116%117»4
Oak W CogtdSs — 103
Oceanic S Co.. 106" 106U
Om C Ry 6s... 127 129
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3>4 —
P & O R R 6S.115 —
Powell-st R 6s. 120 —
Sac El G&RBs. 99 .101
S F & SJV 69.11914120
B H of Cal 6s.Hl 1H«4
S P of A 6S...111H112
S P C 6s(1305). — 111
Do (1906) .... - 112%
Do (1912) ....119*4 —
BPRClst gtn5s. — —
S P Br 6s — 133%
S V Water 6s.. 115 —
Do 43 ;.102% —
Do 3d mtr..lO2 —
Stocktn Gas 6s »3tt —
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 67T« 6SV4
Marin County. 50 —
Spring Valley. 94'i 95
Gas & F.lectric—
Cent GAL Co — —
Cent L & P Co 4U 6%
Bid. Ask.
Equit G L Co. 3% 3%
Mutual El Co. 9% ]0?S
OGL&H....— 50
Pac Gas Imp.. 49V4 —
Pac L Co 44 l 4 —
Sac ElG&PCo. 25 —
S F G & E.... 61»i 52
-an Francisco. 5 5ft
?tkn G & E Co 10 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.225 230
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. f!S 70
Bank of Cal.. — —
Cal S D & T..104H —
First Nationl.275 —
Lon P & A....131V4 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev. Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L...1S90 —
Hum s & L.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 43 '—
S F Sav U....505 —
Sav & L So... 74 78
Sec Sav Bk — —
Union T Co — —
Street Railroads-
California ....123 —
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st — 644
O S L & H — —
Presidio — 22H
Powder Stocks-
California ....155 162H
Giant Con Co. 84»i —
Vigorit 3?» 3!4
Sucar Stocks —
Hana S P Co. 7% —
Haw C & S Co S> -
Honokaa S Co. 30 —
Hutch S P Co. 15 '25%
Kilauea SP Co 20 —
Makawell S Co 44H 45}i
Onomea S Co. 26 27
Paauhau S Co. 30»» —
Miscellaneous— *
Al Pack Assn. US 119^
Cal Fruit Assn 97% —
Mer Ex Arsn. 97 100
Oceanic S Co.. 82tf 93
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor ColSO —
I Par Paint Co.. 12 —
Morning Session.
Board— ., „
100 Contra Costa Water 6. ±»
60 Equitable Gas 3 .o
BO Honokaa S Co 30 1.1 , a
20 Hutchinson S P Co.. io 00
$16,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 CO
170 Makawell S Co •• 41 .o
SOctanlc S S Co 92 50
135"Paauhau S P Co 30 sni
25 Pacific Gas Imp MOO
195 S F Gas & Electric Co..: 62 00
70 S F Gas & Electric Co...... 51 871J
40 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 5 62 00
$1000 S P of A bonds.... Ill 60
A light business was recorded on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, and quo
tations showed no variations worthy of note.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric declined to
$51 75 and Giant Powder to $85.
The oil stocks were neglected.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
GRAND HOTEL
A E Ferry, Haywards
W Thorn, Georgetown
G Grant, Vancouver
G W R Andrews & w,
Portland
C A Burgoyne, S Diego
P H de Arcy, Salem
W M Gift>n, Chicago
Mrs M Gtffen. Chgo
O E Litell, N Y
E W Hnrtsten & w.
Salt Lake City
G B Ellis, Redlands
F Arnsworth, Los Ang
R D Clark, Peoria ,
S Rothschild, Ohio
C Tavlor & w, Cal
C L Walter & w, CaJ-
C Hill, Seattle
A Francisco, Los Ang
V Dusser & ch, Ariz
Miss Elery, Fresno
F J Martin, Fortuna ¦
A C Stone, 1'alo Alto
W A Fish, R Bluff
W S Lewis, Truckee
Mrs C P Lewis, Benicla
G W Reynolds, Los An
A Fuller & w, St Jones
J O'Kane. Ireland
Miss Francis, Napa
C N Thomas, Cal
J B Chinn, Portervllle
D II Williams, St Louis
E Calvert, USA
C J Christopher. St Lou
M II Durst. Wheatland
Mrs W W Worthing,
Stockton
L E Bueser, Loa Ang
Edith BuVser. L Ang
R J Hudson, Hanford
C E Wiggins, Syracuse
J T Prince, Georgia
A C Allan & vr. U S A
G H Carrier, N Y
J C Allan, Kansas
Mrs W D Frltsch, Cal
M Fritsch, Petaluma
Mrs Mecham, Petalum
Miss Mecham, Petalum
E Cuna, Cal I
C Moltzen & w, Cal
W A Trephagen,, Cal
C R Greer. Ohio
W J Mitchell, Cal
J Rogers, Cal
A A Poole. Pennsylvan
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
W Lawrence & w, Sac J B Taylor, Chicago
F Gay, Fresno M R Carter. Portland
II Williams. Seattle G E Byorkman. Seattle
W Johnson. Seattle P L Maloie, Morgan H
E Boynton. Seattle C a Brady. Minn
C K Johnson, Boston G Whitemyre & w. Pa
J B Freddo, Salinas C II Stanley & s, Colo
F McManus, Manila G M Crockett&w.Mass
T J Thompson. L Ang P J Richards, Mass
C S Brown. New York (Mrs Richards. Mass
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Cantaloupes, each 5f?15
Figs, per lb 8^10
Do. drawer SO® 60
Logan Berries, per
drawer 50"<J?60
Grapes, per lb.... 4® 8
Watermelons, ea..lO<<i20
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz...30@50f
Asparagus, per lb 4@10|
Beets, doz 12^15
Beans, white, lb.. 50—
Colored, per lb. 4<g> 5|
Lima, per lb — @ 8
Cabbage, each.... 6«io!
Cauliflowers, each o'QIO !
Celery, bunch Eff? —
Cress, doz bnchs.20»<?25
Cucumbers, pr dz.10® —
Egg Plant, lb S®10
Green Corn, doz..l0iB30
Green Peas, lb.... 6® 8
Lettuce, per doz.15®— I
Fish-
Barracuda 12tT — |
Carp 8010'
Codfish 12®—'
Flounders 8010!
Halibut 10®— !
Klnpfish 9<3—
Mackerel 15®—
Do. Horse \2V 3 @—
Perch 10@12
Pomplno 900—
Rockflsh — #10
Salmon, fresh 15<S2O
Do, smoked — K15
Shrimps 8@10
Raisins, per lb.... SO15
Raspberries. dwr.4Ojf5O
Peaches, per lb... 4® 6
Strawberries, per
drawer 20<S40
Walnuts, per lb..lo@—
Onions, per lb.... 3t? 5
Okra, green pr lb.lO@12
Peppers, green, lb 5@10
Potatoes, per lb. . 3fi 5
Sweet Potatoes... 4® 5
Parsnips, per doz-lS"!? —
Radishes, dz bch?10@l2
Sage, doz bnchs.. 23^35
String .Beans, lb.. b@ 6
Summer Squash,
per lb 4@ 9
Thyme, per lb 20*330
Turnips, per doz. 10015
Tomatoes, per lb. 4@ 5
Shad 10®—
Sea Bass — <tt—
Smelts 12^-
Soles \m—
Skates, each r<il2
Tomcod '.....— <ftlO
'.Tms. gallon SOtfl —
Do hardshell, lb S'f —
Crabs, each 12\i<a~
Do softshell, dz.40«?—
Mussels, quart.... Ef?10
Oysters. Cal. 10O..40W5O
I Do Eastern, doz25@40
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the crder of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl<l«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, «xcep^ when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
Unltod States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sipn (— ) precedes the heirht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
th» depth given by the charts. The plane ot
reference Is the m«an of th# lower Tow waters.
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Sun rises 7 8.21
Sun sets ":0S
Moon rises ...; 7:19 D. m.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 11.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Helthts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, Aug. 10 — t D. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 08 Justice M5 0.S
Alta 04 06 Kt-ntuck 02 t'S
Andes OS 10 Lady Wash C2 —
Belcher 13 16 Mexican 27 23
Ben & Belcher 10 20 Occidental 07 OS
Eulllon 03 04 Ophlr 54 t.5
Caledonia 70 72 Overman CS 0D
Chollar 14 laiPotosi 14 15
Challenge Con. 20 21|Savage 12 IS
Confidence 90 i.\ Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 40 rtS'Seg Belcher.... 03 C4
Con Imperial... 01 C2 Sierra Nevada. 3* 4'.
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 62 84
Eureka Con — oOf U Louis 14 —
Crown Point... 14 It standard 4 13.4)2
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 1<> 131 Union Con 21 22
Hale & Nor.... 23 tlil'tan OS m
Julia — 01! Yellow Jacket.. 23 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
CLEARED. /
Friday. AU5U» f W-
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California. Parsons. Astoria;
Gnodall. Perkins & Co.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch it
Co.
SAILED.
'_•¦ :¦' Friday. August 10.
Stmr G!;i«y. Lrland. Santa Cruz.
Chll war stmr Gen Caquesdano, Wilson, Yo
kohama
Br stmr Wellinctnn. Salmond. Chemalnus.
BIstn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu.
Schr Louis. G-nberg. Wlllapa Harbor, in tow
ct tus Columbia.
Schr Nepiun*. John»on. .
Sehr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 10, in p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Phtllpplq*.
from Taeoma.
FORT BitAGG— Arrived Aus 10— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Aus 9.
SailfCS Aug 10— Stmr National City, for Men
dooino.
Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Noyo. hence- Aur 9.
TACOMA— Sailed Auj 10— Bark Gatherer, for
Sin Francisco.
SEATTLK-Salled Aug 10-Stmr Cleveland,
for Nome; stmr Dirigo. for Skaguay.
Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Aberdeen, from Snmt.
BOWEXS LANDING— Arrived Auk 9— Pchr
Newark, hence Aus 8; schr Corinthian, hence
Aus 7.
Sailed Aug 9— Schr Mary Etta, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aug 10— Schr Ocean Spray, hence
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Aug 10-Stmr
Sequoia, from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Aus 10— Schr Sparrow,
from Eureka.
TILLAMCOK— Sailed ATlg 10— Stmr Luel'.a.
for S«n Francisco.
COOS BAY-Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Arcata, for
Sin Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 10— Schr E K
Wood, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Autr lft— Br uhlo
Cabul. from Rotterdam; bark Vidette, from
S«n Dlero.
S*ll»d Auk 10— Schr Okanogan. for Honolulu:
Chll bark Emma. Louisa, for Valpariso.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr CoqullI*
River, from Grays Harbor; stmr Sequoia, from
Fort Drajt.
To sail Aug U-Stmr W 11 Kruger. for San
Francisco. •
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Eureka, hnc
Auc 9.
Sailed Auk 10— Schr J M Weatherwax. for
Honolulu; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Aug 10. at 5:30 p m—
Stmr Mlneola. from Nanaimo. for Port Los
Aneeles.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER - Passed up
Aus 9— Haw bark Nuuanu. from Kahului.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Aug 8— Br ship Tron
gat«, from Tacoma.
SUIELDP-Airtved Aus 9— Ger bark Paul
Ijenberr. hence March 10.
LEITH— Arrived Aug 1*— Br ship Genera!
Gordon, hence March 10.
NANAI MO— Sailed Aut 10— Stmr San Mateo.
for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Ausr J-Stmr Hudson, from
N»w York.
HONOKCNG— Arrived prior to Aug 9— Jap
stmr NiiTon Mini, bencs July 10.
HULL— Arrived Aug 8— Br bark Balasor*.
hencr Arrll 3.
DUNGENESS-Fassed Ausr g-Er ship Way
farer, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Aue 4— Ger stmr Isis. for Saa
Francisco, etc.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aue 7— Ger ship Sirene.
for Fraser River.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Michigan,
from New Tork.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Sardinian,
for New York.
MOVILLE-Sailed Aujr 10-Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New Tork: stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Auk 10— Stmr CBric. for
* BOULOGNE— Sailed Aus: 10-Stmr La Gravta,
from Hamburg, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton.
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr New Ens
land, from Liverpool. •
John R. Spring to Emily K. Latham, lots 1
to 6, block I, Flint Tract No. 4. Oakland: also
lots 8 and 9, block I of above tract, Oakland;
*10. .
Emily K. Latham to E. A. Heron, same two
pieces. Oakland; $10.
Pauline Bilger to James and Adolph Cavallo.
lot on SW line of East Tenth street. 76.75 NW
of Fourth avenue. MW 23.25 t>y SW 100, block
7, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Tillie and Paolo Salisbury to James Reed, all
interest In lot on N line of Addison street. 200
W of Grant. W DO by N 13S. being lot 2 on Map
of Subdivisions 6 and 7. Hardy Tract, quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $10.
George W. and Christine Phelps to Frank M.
Wilson, lot IS, block 13, Daley's Scenic Park,
quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $10.
. Luclan and Mary Simon to James P. Potter,
lot 14 on Map of Hogan's Resubdlvision of lots
22. 23 and 24, Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Lizzie Carr (executrix of the estate of Wil
liam B. Carr). Robert H. Swain (administrator
of the estate of Clinton A. Edson), J. E. Shatn
and Electrical Engineering Company et al. (by
A. W. Bishop, commissioner) to same, lot on
S line of Central avenue, 60 E from W line of
Aughinbaugh 223-acre tract, 8 150. to shore of
San Francisco Bay. thence NE 138 to W line of
lands of or formerly of G. If. Thompson,
thence N 150, W 136, to beginning, being por
tion of Auglnbaugh 223-acre tract, Alameda:
also 2.17 acreR beginning at a point on shore
line of San Francisco Bay at ordinary high
tide, distant 4.90 chains S and 9.60 chains E of
a granite monument set at NW corner of SW
Vi of Section 11. Township 2 S, Range 4 W,
thence S 5.10 chains. E 4.31 chains, N 4.63
chains. NW 1:60 chains. SW 2.80 chains, to be
ginning, portion of lots 24 and 23, in Section 11.
Township 2 S, Range 4 W. Alameda; also lot
beginning at a point In the line dividing the
Aughinbaugh 223-acre tract from Chipman W
Ill-acre tract 100 S of Central avenue. S 166:8
by W 20. Alameda: $3622.
James and Elizabeth Summers (executors of
the estate of Obediah Summers, by J. B. Lank
tree, commissioner) to Oakland Bank of Sav
ings, lot on S line of Thirty-second street, 16!J:S
E of Adeline. E 33:4 by S 100. block 663, Oak
land: $825.
Emily K. Latham to E. A: Heron, lots 1 to" 6.
S and 9, block 'I. Flint Tract So. 4, Oakland:
$10.
Elsie A. McElrath (wife of John E.) to Ann
E. Miner, lot on N line of Albion street. 212.4S
W of Telegraph avenue, W 51.14, N 142.7. E
51.14, S 143. to beginning, quitclaim deed; $1. ¦
A. E. Miner to J. S. Jewell, lot on N line of
Albion street. 163:7!i W of Telegraph avenue,
W 100, N 142:7, E 100, S 143, to beginning, Oak
land: $6000.
E of Sherman street. E 50 by N 100, being lots
37 and 3S. block 27. .Map of Mary A. Fitch
Homestead, Alameda; $10. - ¦ -¦
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
August flO. 1900.
The time on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlnjc was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the lMth meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. .
C. G. CALKINS.
¦ Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
13
Steamer. I Destination. I Sail*. ' I Pier.
Steamer.
| Destination. I
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 11. S pm Pier 11
Bonlta Newport...... Augr. 11. 9 mm Pier U
City Peking China &.Ta pan Aug. 11. 1 prn PMSS
Orizaba .... Humboldt Aug. 11, 2 pm Pier J
State of Cal Portland Aug. 11. 11 am Pier U
Eureka Humboldt Auk. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 13. 11am Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Auk- 13. 3 pm Pier 2
San Juan... Cen. America. Aug. 13, lpm PMSS
City Puebla Victoria Aug. 14. 11 am Pier 9
Xorth Fork Humboldt Auk. 14. 12 m Pier !
Arcata' ICoos Bay \Ang. 14. 12 m Pier IS
\V. Kru(rer.|TUlamook I Aug. 14 JPler 3
Coos Bay-.IXewport I Aug. 15. 9 amlPler 11
Columbia ..IPortland lAug. 16. 11 amlPier 24
Del N'orte.. Portland Aug. 16. 8 am[Pler 20
Santa Cruz Humboldt Augr. 16. 8 pm Pier 9
Corona San Diego Aug. 17. 11 amlPier 11
Steamer.
* From.
Due.
Santa Cruz .... Seattle Aug. 11
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 11
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. It
Gaelic China and Japan Au«r. U
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 11
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 11
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Aug. 13
Rarracouta Panama Atie. 13
Columbia Portland Aug. 13
Coos Bay Newport..: Aug. IS
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Aug. 13
San Mateo Nanaimo Autr. 1*.
Luella jTlllamook Aug. IS
"Warfleld (Oyster Harbor Aug. 13
Australia IHonolulu » Aug. H
Del Norte (Portland Aug. 14
Orizaba IHumboldt Aug. 14
Corona )San Dleso Aug. 15
Walla "W'alla ..IPusret Sound Aug. 15
Crescent City ..ICrescent City Aug. IS
Mattcawan ....ITarroma Aug. 14
Point Arera....|Polnt Arena Aug. 17
Bonlta JNewport Aug. 17
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1899. * 1900.
July 29.... 4170 JSOS
July 30 41T0 3805
July 31 4170 SfOS
August 1 41T0 3*05
August 2 -39S0 3S55
August 3... 3990 S«0.-,
August 4 3380 K05
' STANISLAUS RIVER. AT OAKDALK.
icecoua r i.
DATE. M:
1839 1900 (
uly 29 434 250
uly 30...... 854 190
uly 31 354 250
lUffUBt'l.... 274 140
Ulgust 2.... 214 140
Lugust 3.... 164 S5
lufnist 4.... 154 S3
Mn'gCo.
Canal. <
in'gCt
Canal.
12
12
13
13
13
13
12
0. TurlcwklTof!
1. < Canal. 190U
2S3
203
263
.139 291
139 291
139 23S
139 23S
Turlock
Canal.
Tor:
190U
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1399. 1900.
July 29 . 9S5 7tt
July 30 955 445
July 31 953 443
August 1 i 745 445
August 2 630 445
August 3 690 445
August 4 WO 4«5
DATE.
Second Feet,
. DATE.
1539* 1900,
July 29 220 130
July 30 220 130
July 31 175 90
August 1 175 130
August 2 130 V ISO
August 3 1*0 ISO
August 4 130 130
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1899. * 1900.
July 29.... 4170 JSOS
July 30 41T0 3805
July 31 4170 SfOS
August 1 41T0 3*05
August 2 -39S0 3S55
August 3... 3990 S«0.-,
August 4 3380 K05
' STANISLAUS RIVER. AT OAKDALK.
icecoua r i.
DATE. M:
1839 1900 (
uly 29 434 250
uly 30...... 854 190
uly 31 354 250
lUffUBt'l.... 274 140
Ulgust 2.... 214 140
Lugust 3.... 164 S5
lufnist 4.... 154 S3
Mn'gCo.
Canal. <
in'gCt
Canal.
12
12
13
13
13
13
12
0. TurlcwklTof!
1. < Canal. 190U
2S3
203
263
.139 291
139 291
139 23S
139 23S
Turlock
Canal.
Tor:
190U
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1399. 1900.
July 29 . 9S5 7tt
July 30 955 445
July 31 953 443
August 1 i 745 445
August 2 630 445
August 3 690 445
August 4 WO 4«5
DATE.
30 Montgomery Street
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22rWesternland ...Sept. 13
Frlesland August 29{ Kensington ....Sept. V*
South wark Sept. 5 Noordland Sept. 2?
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION" CO..
RED STAJ* LIM2.
*-"evi/ Yorl^ ar)d An tuft— «.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 22fSt Louis Sept. 11
New York. ...August 23 New York Sept. 13
St. Paul Sept. 5! St. Paul Sept. 28
AMERICAN LINE.
Hf TOSS. S0ETSAJOT0S. 1031)03. flTLtX
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421" Market street, corner ef First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. OOR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallies. •
S3. HONGKONG MARU '.
Wednesday. August ti. 1900
BS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 1909
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 190O
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth Bt. Tel. South 167.
rtJKEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHSR3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. 8 p. m.
}. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. a<jts.. .14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Fr«shi0tflcs.327J!Sark«tSt
OCEANIC 8. 8. CO.-HONOI.irLU, APIA
AUCKLAND A>T) SYDNEY.
B. S. AUSTRALIA fHonolulu only)
;.;.. ..Wednesday. August 22, > p. m.
S. 8. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu), to New
C0MPA65IS SZ5ZS1LE THAHSATLANTIQB3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^/yw
Palling every Thumday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S09. at "^ *¦*•«*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, toot ot
Morton str»et; LA BRETAGNE. August 1«: LA
1X5RRAINE. August 33: LA TOURAINE. Au-
gust 30; L'AQUITAINE. Sept. «. First clans
to Havre. $32 SO and upward. Second class to
Havr», $S5 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGEXCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FTJGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
On March 30th of tiffs year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed » Or-
dinance No. 25,\ prohibiting- the burial of
the dead within the city and county. This
law goes Into effect August 1, 1901. ¦'/¦ His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
lt necessary to close their cemeteries, and
Immediately the relatives and friends be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to be ¦ disturbed by "the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses in disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
Co., funeral directors and embalmers. 318
Mason street. Telephone Main 5213.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXI) REAL .^. S ri T -'Vr^' J^^
CHOICE^IN VESTMENT.
Corner that for present Income and future
Cossibilities none can equal; 50x75: three-Btory
rf<*k; Income J3CK3 per month on five-year lease;
expenses are only taxes and PIS per year on
110 000 insurance, with water paid by tenants;
price j;;.W0. A. J. SNYDER & CO..
467 Nlnth-at.. Oakland. Cal.
J4SOO— THE prettiest home in Oakland;^ $4000;
Just completed; near town; could not be du-
plicated for less than :5500: see this at once.
467* Ninth St.,
Oakland. Cal.
J350C— HOUSE of 6 rooms; $3500; finished In
curly redwood; Ju^t comrlet^ &
467 Ninth Bt..
Oakland. Cal.
$500— FOR five hundred dollars, $500, you can
obtain a fine home and business, and $36 per
mo. ra\s balance, J2T00, on a property that
cost more than »SO0O. Call at our office and
be convinced. A. J. SXYDEK & CO..
467 Ninth St.,
Oakland. Cal.
COMPLETELY FURNISHED HOME.
$2?00— Renting for $13; modern cottage of S
rooms bath, high basement, etc.; fine north-
west corner lot 32*4*100 feet: Ftreet work all
done: I31ILT AND FUKXISHED FOH A
HOME: (rood Etable en the property; reason
fcr Belling, owner going: into business.
GEO. TV. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
A— 14 PER cent income property: modern fiats,
few blocks from Broadway: renting for 120 per
month; owner nnn-rcFident and instructs to
f»!1 at ence; $1700 buys them: see us imme-
diately. BELDEN & COOK, AVashington and
Fourteenth sts.
i AT a sacrifice— Good 2-f-tory cottag;e.\8 rooms
and bath; rretty garden; fruit; barn. E67
East Twer.ty-thrrd St.. bet. 11th and 12th aves.
i HOO>IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i AT~C* Fecond— Light housekeeping, $1 50 to $2 50
I per wk. : single and double, tl to $2 50 per wk.
j BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth — 3 front rooms, fur-
; nlshed complete for housekeeping; cheap.
• EDDY, €M— Sur.ny furnished corner room; run-
nln« water: eas Btove and kitchen; complete
for houi-ekeeping.
EIGHTn, 34B, near Market— One or two sunny
front bedrooms and regular kitchen, furnished
; for housekeeping; hot and cold water.
ELLIS. 1127*-Housekeeping-: nicely furnished
front room; grate; folding bed; kitchen; gas
stove.
ESSEX place. 1, off E^sex St., Rincon Hill— 3
I rooms for hsekrg- : bath; hot and cold water.
I FULTON, 435— Three neat, clean housekeeping
j rooms.
HOWARD. 10C3H— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others.
HYDE. 4 OS— Sunny front alcove suite; com-
plete for housekeeping.
LEWIS. IS, off Taylor, nr. Poet— 3 furnished
and 2 unfurnished rooms, tli and 110.
MARKET. 1028— Large light room and connect-
ing kitchen; furnished: folding bod; gas; 110. :
MISSION. 1314. near 11th— Two large sunny
rooms; bath and laundry; private family; $12
per monttu
OAK '17—2 sunny parlors furnished for house-
keeping, $14; single room, same, $3; telephone.
SHOTWELL. 625, nr Twentieth— 2 or 3 nicely
furnished sunny rooms for light housekeeping.
THIRTEENTH, 323, near Valencia — 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; water; stove;
separate entrance.
TVVEN"TY-SECONJ>. 3447— Two sunny rooms,
furnished for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS, 402— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete housekpg.; gas gtove: reaa.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1035
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LBT Fora, rfnd I'nlarn,
A^RUNiwiClTliOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms
J5c to II per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, «nd
light housekeeping; open all night.
AUSTIN AVE, 102 — A nice furnished room to
let.
BRANNAN. 324, bet. Id and 3d— Furnished
} room with bath; private family.
I BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Ftir-
r.ished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 520— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; $1 EO to $7
wk.;~25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLARA. 141A— Large eunny room suitable for
1 jjemlemaiu ,
FELLA pi.. W, off Powell, bet Bueh and Pine—
Elegant 6unny rooms; modern improvements.
FOLSOM. S65. cor. 6th (The Oliver) — New fur-
nished EUnny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
j GEARY. 656-Ele^ant sunny Eulte; other pleas-
• ant rooms: prlv. light housekeeping; phone.
GR WD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.. 7. (Ferndale)— New management;
sunny rooms, en suite or single: transient.
GRANT ave., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms by day, week or
racnth.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409 — Sunny sida room;
double bed; closet: *6 Der month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., €40— Two connecting
j rooms with separate kitchen; sunny corner.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites : single; tran-
glent; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
i HOWARD. £29-Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
j 25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 9S9. cor. 6th — Nicely furnished sunny
I rooms; reai>onable; by day, week or month.
1 JACKSON. 933A— Sunny rooms with bath, ad-
joining. In private family; references required.
J LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
j rms.: private; bath; ein. rms.; board optional.
• LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Ellis— Furnished
1 ronm, fS per month,
! MINNA. 449H. bet. Bth and 6th — Front com-
j rortable room in private family.
j MISSION. 523— Furnished rooms to let from $1
j _up- . ¦
CFARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elpvator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POST. 527— Nice newly furnished front room;
I other rooms unfurnished; reasonable.
I POST, 631 — Two furnished rooms to let, $5 and
JS; no smoking or drinking in the house; I
Protestant Christian preferred.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL, 612A— Pleasant suite of rooms; large
eunny front room and others; reasonable.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow-
ell — Large eunny rm.. bath, $6: prlv. German.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
; ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
i light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to pt; month, ?S to $20; elevator .on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ...;**-
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 810, bet. Bush and Pine— Four hand-
somely furnished sunny rooms; gas, bath,
etc.: all new furniture, carpets; $8 and $10 mo.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good roomine house
I for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
t UNFURNISHED rooms; 2 or 4. Apply 112
Eighth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore st.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
I lencia et.
I
I ROOMS AXD BOAIin.
I ALMORA. cor. Flxt^nth and Mission sts!^
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate. . ¦ ¦ .
AT $40; room, board for 2 gentlemsn; refined
family. Add. "Advertiser," P. O. Station H.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior and table. M>7 California St.
KOOMS AXD DOAIID WA.VTED.
REFINED youne couple with daughter. SV4
years old. want board in private family;
Protestant; large Bunny chamber or two
room?; want congenial home; pleasant sur-
roundings; te"rms moderate; references ex-
cha nged; can give best. D. W.. box 3250. Call.
BOY would like board and lodging In private
family at reasonable rate. Box 1613, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. U per year.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. . 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Slain 1840— Packiog, moving and storage.
H^NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannajran & Gallagher), s
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '
frtFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent; 3 fine. lipht front rooms or.
Market «.. oppoEite Palace Hotel: rent 150 .
per month. Address DR. PIERCE & SON,
fJO Market rt.
J-T>R rent — 3'lec»nt offices and rooms in Y*j*l.
C. A. lilis. : all modern Imps.; rer.t %-ery tow.
10 rest— Modern store; well lighted: 21x140; 1
rer.t reasnnnMe. r?S Hayes rt.
PALMISTRY.
SOtB. Neerraard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to ?. C16 Geary, nr. Jones.
1'ERSOXAL.S.
S100.0<v, TO loan en diamonds, watches, seal- !
Fk;:>? VNCLE HAP.RIS. 15 Grant ave. !
Cno ALCEX, formerly working at 2T1 Perry
Bt. Fend address to 71S MiFfion Ft.
WIPOWER, O yrars of age. dtfires acquaint- j
«ru?e cf a lady; object strictly matrimony. 1
livx 2^,3. Call office. j
WANTED— Information concerning where- •
abdutc of MBK. LCLLXE TAYLOR cr her ¦
nother. MRS. MARSHALL, both formerly of
Nf-w Orleans. Address boat r?79. Pall office.
5IME. AI^A. 34 Kearny. 47 Post, office 10-11: if
sick, suffering fr:m ar.y cause, see this won-
derfully ciftPd healer; the will cure you.
INSTITUTE <t Science; 5U£p«>f=tive therapeu-
Tifs: magnetic he-ilinfr; r*-rt.nr\a.\ magnetism;
bprnoUsto. Prof. Fisher, instructor. £17 Maen. 1
rJLES-400 permanent cures In San Francisco
vh.i rail be seen: no operation: no pain: par- I .
•H-j^rs pent. A3. Physician, box JS-M). Call. j ,
I EPKHKR. the popular fcalrf reFser: any Etyle j
halrdreselnc for 2*>c: rtj «-x'ra charge for
r elaborate coiffure?. 123 Stockton st. |
fHUMSOX RIVER CO]
HOPKE BROS.
MpTtrrFFAf! an! pillows made to order, re- I
..: ¦: movated: honest work sruaran- I
'• ; rices fleTy competition: fin*- upholstery; i
;ih-,n<> 130S: factory. SIS and 120 Eleventh St.; ¦
Dmwiui ol<-jming and dyeing. *09 Putter et.. I
S;:r Krancisco. »
AMATEUR phot rgrapiipry— Save y< p^r cent by |
hf>v'::p yt-ur work done at Rprr.bran<*t Ptudlo. i
V"-ket rt.. cor. Stockton: kodak?. S'jxS'i. I
¦ r'y J3e; ri charge for blank negatives; pro- 1
'etFiT.a! advice free; leyscns given, BOc.^ach. |
me Itshts In every room— Winchester i
H tel. <•; Third t=t.. near Market: 700 ronms: |
23c t" 51 M per r.ipht; tl .V> to JC per week;
free trtxu ar.1 bapsrace to and from the ferry. I
FlITS to ordr-r on installments: $15 upward; '
«1 ¦ B«k. LEON LEMOS. Ill" Market st.,
b«t»fni Povpr.th and KiKhth.
i.Ktr.Ill'IfJs F«mo Phsrnp-io is the best in J*ie
-.:.r' '!. cleanses, beautifies the hair; 5c p&s.
FIftFT-CLABS uphoMprin* dnne at your house |
hy day or j .b. g. JKNSKN. Ml Bush gt.
Ii^"": quickly evr>.1 or waved by usln^ Tal-
c-tis .¦uriir.R fiulJ; 25c bott>; druggists.
J'T! E. '' UERVT has taken new offices at
r -¦ ¦ kti a st. !
I Al '!*"S - and erentu' ca*t-off clothing boug-ht & j
i. Silvfrnan, I'M Fclfom; tel. Folsotn 1131.
El EREIVS Qu'.ntcr/.ra Hair Tor.ie; an ex-
Irart <;uini!i<»: pure, pimple, harmless; 35c bot.
¦"A AXTKI*— OM-fRFhlor.ed Fllv^r. brass, copper
ware: curi -s. ail descriptions. 525 Dupont et.
FTHTP to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ir.c Co£ Examiner buiidinp, room 407.
ALTOEDfMS Epypt-an H*nna restores rray
fc.-.ir to its natural color. II: at an druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlmr. old poM and silver bought;
6i?r.d postal. COLEMAN'S r.nfi Kearny et.
CHEAPEST and tx'ft in Am»rira-Th* Wwkly
<~a:i. 16 paces, rent to any address in the
Vnited Ptate* or Canada one year for SI.
rarsiciAXS axd surgeo..*.
T>Tt. CRANSTON, the great specialist, haa re-
Fumed practice at 2106 Market 6t., corner
Ta.ylcr; offices 25 and C6; take elevator.
1 ;iR. C. C. O'DOXKELL- Offlc*- and residence,
' J'riu ilarket st.. het. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EXECUTORS' Sale— Estate of the late FER- t
GUS OLEART. on Market St.. No. 13S0. nt-w j
I number 1«:,S. lot 'Is) twenty-five feet front j
¦"""By one hundred <100) feet deep: also two lots
directly In rear, twenty-five 125) by one hun-
dred (100>. on City Hall ave. Apply to WIL-
LIAM F. O - LEARY. JOHN McDONOUGH.
EDWARD J. LEARY. executor*. Rues
House.
XLEGANT r.ew up to date J-room house.
Western Addition: forced sale; to be sold to
th« highest bidder 'Wednesday: built to sell
for J5uO0; 1109 Stanyon et.: Eddy-«t. cars:
come in, make aa offer; any terms you want;
can borrow J3000. TUTTLE, 630 Market et.
jFOR sale — On Eleventh ave., between H. and
I «tre*ts. 2 modern houses of « rooms and i
barh. basement, majs fliturM, open plumbinr. |
(3350. Arply to D. LEWIS, owner, on prem-
lft-s. or at mill KS Brannan st
JTEW haniJsome park reeidence; only 1 left of
4; contains S rooms, is well built, up-to-date;
will be sold cheap; K6 Clayton et.. south of
Halpht; Sixth and Taylor Ets. and Masonic
ave. cart pass the door. J. STIERLEN.
twn«>r. on rremi5*>?.
-<TT5O — THREE new modern flats, with marble
Ffps, frescoed ceilings, etc., in the best rent- j
Ing section cf the city; one block from Halght
ft. cars, oa Waller Et., near Pierce; rents
I9t* per year; eaey terms.
i-P.OOM cottage; 237 Eunnyslile ave.: J50 cash.
*1O per month. THE McCARTHT CO.. 646
Market Et.
HAVE ycu real estate north of the Park or at
;he Mission that you want to 6eIL then call
on w. j. GI'XX, £30 California «t.
ilonnTt.V houses built lowest prices; plans and
f.-tirrate 9 furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
NEV.' cottape; 6 rooms, bath; lot 50x100; Mis-
•=¦->-: i>afv frms or vacant lot. 413 Keamy et.
lti:\L ESTATE — COL'XTRY — For Sale j
1^. —^ — * — — v, , . — ¦¦ — ¦ — - I
¦ <n i-ale — A beautiful country home of 10 acres j
garden land, with nice orchard, new house. S
ro r irr.«, furniture, barn, windmill, tankhouse,
fsrrr.inft implements; on!y 24 miles from P«>t-
n'.uma an<\ S minutes' walk from R. R. Fta- j
Him: pric# *.V<iO; this place muM be eeen to
be afipr^ciat*"!.
f-i a"rt-« adjointnir. all rarden land, with j
orchard and liarn; price J2ifi0; will Fell as a 1
wholp or subdivide; will take part mortpajre. \
I"or particulars inquire of H. F. SURHOKF.
y>n rourth Ft. No agents. J
CLKN ELLKX- <5rape and fruit land; 1R0 acres i
timber and water equity $2000; what have you |
ir-r it? Must kpI!. so s>eak quick. HENLEY. !
II Montgomery Ft.
If* I.EAFK- Pathrr ranch. Ran Pablo Creek. J
O~.r,tra Oipta «'our.ty; ll'O acre*; 2r>0 acres j
Krain land; well watPrM; railroad facilities, i
In ptsct to R. n. P.owiyAND. Orinda Park, j
IlKAL, ESTATE TO EXCUA.\G&
NJV. cor. In lierkpley, 119x184:6; fine marine
v!rw; for a residence In 8. F.; will pay $2000
cr S2C00 difference. T-. box 2235, Call office. ;
A PRINTED lift. M. GRIFFIN. 718 Market.
City property and farms exchanged and sold.
BERKELEfTBYERTBEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
/Trare Tchance ..?...
TO.SECX'RE A HOME
A new house of 4 rooms, pantry, bath and i
closet*, city water and sewerage; convenient I
to, local trains: price J;3.V>; $20-1 cash, balance
In monthly payments of {12 DO. Take Berke-
ley train, ret off at Lorin and inquire for....
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
FINE LOCATION
ONLY *S50
IS-room cottage: close to station; on macad-
amized f-treet; investigate. Take Berkeley
train, pet off at Lorin and Inquire for
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
fldOO-VERT CHOICE f
f.-room co'.iace, 3 blocks from station; city j
water; chickfn yard and outhouses; lot 35x89:
if-rms to suit. Take Berkeley train, get off at
!>orln and Inquire for
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON. j
THn finest business corner In Berkeley!!! :
r '<iK«j ft.: enr-story frame, facing 200-foot j
BtiMi] c. P. «if-pot In front and principal stop 1
J* «at!cn of plectrle cars; rame corner can be 1
l^ast-d for fne Income if properly Improved. ;
A. J. FNVDER & CO..
467 Ninth St.. !
Oakland. Cal. [
t22'/>— f,-p.fioM cottajre; rew: modern: on Tele-
crai>h ave.; £ minutes from university: eood
»^f, an: M '^ 1 location. MAPON & McLEN-
ATHEN. mdjoiBlnK P. O., Berkeley. Cal.
*2Xft—Ju<=T complete!: cottasre houpe of E
r mn, modem In »>very re»p*ct; electric lltrht.
r^t«T nn ' ?ctf '' 1 * 1lh K* 8 » r ' d w«er mains:
II?r,U . nn are. and within ten
U*m * *V k of th " "nlverrtty: a perfect
SJ3iw?St£ MASOS-ft McLENATHEN,
MTVAlEADYERTISEMExNTS
grpcrrvAi.B neu. estate.
jmAXM!)YEm;MENTSt
l !!? yrrP^^jgH SALE.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schenh^T'f*^
luraiture dealer. Uth and FraakUaV o"kl'and
THE 0; R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC S<2 firs: Class Including B«rV>
lAnC $8 Second Clas* and Meals,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Augnut It. 21. Jl
COLUMBIA sails Angrust 15. 26. Sept. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
C30 Market mt.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Su perlntendents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ascents,
tnereatter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayti-
cos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huer^me. San Pedro.
East San Pedro fLos Ange!ei> and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. SI. Sept. 4,
and every fourth day theraft*r.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port ITar-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Argeles and RtdondA (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. Aujmst 13. 17. 21. 23. 29. Sept. i. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jo*» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TIC KK*r «»•-*»¦••• "K— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦, Steamers leave Broadway
he - ¦ wharf. San Francisco:
Wfifc.^- For Alaskan port*— 11 a.
ISira&. m - August 14, W, 2-». 23. Sept.
|&»Cjnto%» 3. Chance «o company" *
ISCkSSv^I st'nmers at Seattle.
[S«Hb \^3 For Victoria. Vancouver
i«f|fli)1 -liH 1 (B - c >- Port Tnwnwnd. Se-
attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
, cortes and New Whatcom
™ (Wash.)— 11 •. m.. August
14. 19. 2*. 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. M. R'y. at Seattle
cr Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
11. H. 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5, an<l every fifth day
(?TFriend'5 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Madison avenue, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St.' Rose's Church, Brannan
street, between- Fourth and Fifth, where a
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 934 Shotwell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
REILLY— In this city, August 9. 1900. James,
beloved son of Owen and Alice Reilly of Mar-
tinez, and brother of Mrs. J. p. Mulcrevy,
Mrs. F. A. Haskell. Mrs. J. P. Conway. Mrs.
Katie Walsh and Paul and Owen Reilly, a
native of Boston. Mass., aged 40 years.
IE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully A lnvited to attend the funeral this day
(SatM-day), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re«l-
denjW. 3481 Nineteenth street, between Valen-
elafrtreet and Lexington avenue, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mns" will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .'
McINTYRE— In the City and County Hospital,
August ID, 15<y>, Charles L. Mclntyre, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 4S years.
MUELLER— In this city. August 9, 1900, Henry
Mueller, a native of Germany, aged 44 years
8 roonthi and 1 day.
p'Frlmds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from th? parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. •
MUNROE— In this city, August 10. 1900, Reu-
ben, beloved husband of Ella E. Munroo, and
father of Alice E. and Anna Irene Munroe. a
native of Canada, aged D3 years 10 months and
18 days.
PALM— In • Oakland, August 9. 1900, at 259
FV.urth street, Cyrus Palm, a native of Ohio,
aged 71 years 8 months and 2? days.
PARK— In this city, August 9, l?00. William
Jny, beloved husband of ' Caledonia Park,
father of Floyd L. Park and Mrs. C. N.
Fleming, and grandfather of Violet Pearl
Fleming, a native of Ohio, aged 61 years 7
months and 1 day.
LIBERTY Post No. 133, G. A. R.— Members are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, William J. Park, from the under-
taking parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy
street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. By
order of the Post Commander,
L. C. MERSHON.
PENNINGTON— In this city, August 8, 1900,
George W., beloved husband of Mary A. Pen-
nington, and father of John Pennington, Mrs.
Henry P. West and George W. and Thomas
Pennington, a native of England, aged .72
years 7 months and 23 days. (Pittsburg, Pa.,
and Jersey City, N. J.. papers please copy.)
(TJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the .Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3 Cemetery, by
10:40 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CAREY— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 9, 1900, Edward J, Carey, a native of
England, «aged £0 years.
FELLOWS— In Los Gatos. Cal., August 6, Mrs.
Sara Stanfleld Fellows. V.
HARROLD- In this city, August 9, 1900, John
W., beloved husband of Elizabeth Harrold,
and father of Veronica, William I., John J.,
Mary L.. LIddle A.. Charles A. and R. Frank
Harrold and Sister M. Scholastlca, a native
of Ireland, aged £4 years.
|i7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her 6ister, Mrs. George Lawler, 224 Halght
street, near Buchanan. Interment strictly
private. Pleat.© omit flowers.
BRODERICK— In thia cily. August 9,' 1900,
Thomas Broderick. a native of Ireland, aged
£2 year3.
ASSIOX— In this city, August 10, 1900. Caroline,
beloved wife of Joseph Assion, and sister of
Mrs. George Lawler. a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 6S years 5 months and 6 days.
DIED.
Assion. Caroline Pennington, Geo. W.
Broderick. Thomas Reilly, James ,
Carey, Edward J. Richardson. Manley
Kellows. Mrs. Sara S. Roman), Antonio
Harrold. John W. Seitke. Ruth A.
Mclntyre, Charles L. Skelly, John It.
Mueller. Henry Sutherland, Olivet M.
Munroe. Reuben Warren. Mrs. Isadore
Palm. Cyrus Wilkins, Selina
Park. William J. Wood. Harry H.
MABRIED.
McQUEEN— LORENZ— In this city, August 9.
1500, by the Rev. J. George Gibson, Alfred
W. McQueen and Annie L. Lorenz.
BOBN.
MORRIS— In this city. August 9, 1900, to the
wife of Alfred T. Morris, a son.
SCHRUFF— In this city, to the wife of Her-
mann Schruff, twins— a son and a daughter.
TURNEY-In this city, August 3, 1000, to the
wife of William L. Turney, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Valdemar S. Hornung. 23, 1722 Eddy street,
and Emma G. Holland, 22. Tomales.
John F. A. Parmilleu. 31. G2D Third street,
and Jto«e Balode, £4. £23 Third street.
Thomas Williams, 47, city, and Maggie Rum-
mer. 29, city.
Leon Siess. 28, Minneapolis, Minn., and Eliza-
beth Filverstone. 22. city.
Alfred \V. McQueen. 40, city, and Annie L.
Lorenz, 23, city.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
CONSTRUCTION of Fewer— Sanitary Diftr'ct
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction cf a system of sewers In
Ross Valley. Marin County, as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Rljfht reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m. All bMs
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, en Friday. Aupr. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
rheck for 5 per cent of the amount of- the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BKRRY. Sec. 120 Sutter St.. S. F.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 6, 1900.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here,
until 12 m., Thursday, August IS. irOO, ana then
opened, for furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the Presidio, San Francisco. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept. any and all
bids or any part thereof. Bids will be /con-
sidered for a less number of horses than that
stated. Preference given to articles of domes-
tic production, conditions of price and quality
(including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL, .Deputy Quartermaster
General, V. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
PItOPOSALS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth gt.
SEWING MACHINES AMI SUl'PLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIFC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10: tel. 5oS0.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SPKCIAL NOTICES.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 13S0 Market St., above Jones.
n.^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'Vlock, from Trinity Episco-
pal Church, corner Buph and Gough streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WOOD— In Oakland, August 9, 1900, Harry II.,
beloved son of II. H. and Nellie J. Wood,
brother of Hazel E. and Myrtle G. Wood, and
cousin of Mabel G. and j Grace L. Wood, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
10 mr>nths.
* E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner Franklin and Geary
street*, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
3:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 17S8, Knights of
Honor— Members will please attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. Harry II. Wood
from First Unitarian Church, Geary and
Franklin streets, at 1:30 o'clock, this day
(Saturday).
SAMUEL J. THOMAS. Dictator.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunrfay), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226 Dolores street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cf^netery. —
SUTHERLAND— In this city, August 10. 1300,
Olivet M.. beloved daughter of M. Stanley
and Dora Sutherland, a native of San Fran-
cisco, azed 23 days.
WARREN— At rest. August 9, 1900, Mrs. Isa-
dore L. Warren, beloved daughter of the late
Mary E. and Morgan Locke, a native of Chi-
cago, 111.
WILKINS— In Napa, August 9. 1900, Sellna,
beloved wife qfJ. Wesley Wllklns, a native
of England, aged 49 years and 3 months. .
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles II. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason
street, between O'Karrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage..
ROMANI— In this city, August 9, 1900, Antonio
Itomani, a native of Italy, aged 51 years 4
months and 20 days.
SEIFKK — In this city, August 10. 1900, Ruth
A., beloved daughter ot Herman and Amelia
Selfke, and granddaughter of Mrs. M. Ech-
gclmeier. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months anil 21 days.
SKELLY — In this cfty. August 9, 1900, John R..
dearly beloved husband of Amelia D. Skelly,
father of James D., Gus G., Josephine A. and
Edward D. Skelly, and brother of Frank P.
Ekelly, Mrs. Sarah Crozier, Mrs. Eliza Mc-
Gloufjhlln, Mrs. Galleta and the late Mrs.
Annie McGinn and Thomas . Skelly, a native
of Dublin, Ireland, aged 58 years.
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
RIC1IAIIDSON— In Allandale, near Fruitvale.
Alamrda County, August 0, 1900, Manley But-
terfield, belo»ed husband -of Mary Elizabeth
Richardson, a native of Chautauqua, N. Y.,
aped 74 years 5 months and 13 days.
,>r> Steamer "Montlcalla.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:is
a. m.. 3:13. S:SO P. m. (ex-Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 n. m. and 3:30: Sundays. 10:39 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsslon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. ¦ 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FAJUS l SOa
BAY A2H>, RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
NEW typewriters, $5 down, $5 month payments.
ItEVALK. 409 California st.
TVPEWIUTERS AXD SUPPLIER
GR£AT~liirrtG^I^S^N^rrPEWRITEiiS— We
sell better machines for less money th-jn any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California, telephone Main 2C6.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
IMOUNT pLl^E^EMETEKYl
|6PFiCE;^<6iMARKg^^^cl'^; 337Jyears ago. It was while 4 visiting: the Cht
cago Exposition that Vlerboom met tht
young lady whom 'he subsequently mar
ried and who after seven years of wcdde<
bliss deserted him.
OLD MAN'S DARLING
SKIPS WITH HIS MONEY
Mysterious and Sudden Disappearance
of Louis Vierboom's Young
and Pretty Wife.
LOUIS VIERBOOM has: appealed to
the ¦ detective force of this city to
assist him in locating his wife,.Em
ma Vlerboom, who mysteriously
disappeared j recently, leaving behind her
no word of tender farewell. ....
Vierboom is a tailor, nearly 70 years of
age, and the wife whom' he Is searching
for so diligently is pretty .and 1 fully.'thir
ty-five years his junior.
"When Mrs. Vierboom disappeared from
her aged, husband's home she .took with
her $2000 and many Jewels. The $2030
Vlerboom had saved after s many years of
hard work and the jewels belonged to the
old gentleman's first wife, the love of his
xouth, whom he married in Germany and
had burled here about ten years ago.
Mrs. Vierboom's disappearance was one
of those -sudden and mysterious affairs.
On the morning of the day she left him
the young wife kissed her husband good
by as he went to his daily work and told
him how good. and kind he was and how
she loved him. "When In the evening
Vierboom came home to his supper there
was no wife to greet him nor a' meal
awaiting him. Back to work went the
aged - tailor; thinking that his wife had
probably gone on a visit to some friend
and, had -not yet returned.- ."When, how
ever, the husband returned late at night
after the day's work was over he was
made to realize the sad 'truth. His wife
was gone..: She had taken- with her all
her belongings, besides r her* husband's
moneyand his jewelry. :;
- Three days after Mrs. Vierboom's mys
terious disappearance her aped husband
received the following note from her:-
Louis: Go live with your friends. Emma.
[ Tho letter - was postmarked San Fran
cisco.
The most remarkable part of the wo
man's sudden disappearance is the fact
that she was not known to. have any gen
tleman-friends-and always expressed her
preference ¦ for - a quiet, , home - life. , She
rarebr went out and apparently had no
tasteY for society. -: Vlerboom. has now
about' given up all hope of ever finding his
missing wife. ¦=-"-'^%Sssi**<«SSS'tep*8fe" ; ./
:.-* Vlt nearly killed me."- he said. "But I
am i quite over it now. I have hoped
against' hope that'' she would come back'
to me. 'We. were- to 'have; celebrated the
seventh "anniversary of,- o*ir ; marriage -a
few. days '• ago.". For this, anniversary we
had made many plans; chief among which
was an > outing .'in the Santa- Cruz Moun
tains. '-The ¦ seventh ' anniversary Is a most
auspicious .day in : German . homes. ; and . Is
always alluded , to as the.'3even fat years. '.
I.' felt" confident Emma . would. \ re
turn'to me to celebrate the event, and, so
for two " Sundays running ¦ I inserted ' an
'ad' in the newspapers, in the hope It
would remind her of me and my love for
her." -
Emma V.: Remember; Santa Crux Moun
tains; you know. Louis.
That was the message Vlerboom hoped
would, reach his young wife's heart, but
the anniversary came and went and no
Emma appeared. Although Vierboom ad
mits he cannot satisfactorily explain his
young wife's disappearance, he Insists
that It is no elopement and that there
is no man In the case.
Vlerboom and his wife, who was for
merly Miss Emma Schneider of Chicago,
were married In the Windy City seven
; FEEDERICK - HANSTED, KNOWN AS "YOTJNQ DUTC.M.X." 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHLAND. Or., Aug. 10.— Vowing
vengeance on his accusers, Fred
Hansted, better known as "Young
Dutchy." is speeding southward
on the California express.
"Young Dutchy" Is one of the
principal figures In The Call's great
expose of the Chretien conspiracy In the
Sullivan estate case, which created such
i furor along the' entire Pacific Coaot,
and he promises that he will send a bomb
shell into the camp of his accusers, and
that tho explosion will cause the sensation
of the day. ~ " , ••'
"Young Dutchy" arrived from Alaska
last Wednesday on the steamship Oregon,
ind he left by the first available train for
the south. In an Interview s to-night he
said:
"I received the first news of The Call's
exposure two days after I: reached Nome
City, and I determined to return Immedi
ately to face my accusers. I did not com
municate my Intention to any . one, and
I have no doubt that there will prove the
biggest kind of a surprise to certain per
pons In San Francisco when they learn
that I am on my way there.
"Those who accused me waited until I
was on my way to Cape Nome and then
they made revelations Implicating me in
their dirty . schemes. They . have >lled
about me. They intended to make me
the scapegoat. When I reach there I
shall expose some of those people, and
there will be more sensations, I tell you.
I have been shamefully imposed upon be
cause I was not there ' to ¦ defend myself.
But my turn Is coming."
"Young Dutchy's" name was brought
Into the Sullivan estate case through the
confessions of Chretien, the arch-con
spirator in the great fraud. Following is
the substance of the statement made by
Chretien involving "Dutchy":
He became acquainted with young
"Dutchy" about the first of 1900. Chretien
said he met "Dutchy 1 ,.' on Montgomery
street one day and that "Dutchy" intro
duced himself as Dr. Weatherly's friend.
He told Chretien that -he had the 'man
Sullivan, for whom- Chretien was search-
Ing, and at once .bargained to produce
him. Chretien promised to give "Dutchy"
a third of what he got out of the case, and
for expenses "Dutchy" ; borrowed $2 at
that time.
A day or two later he brought a man to
Chretien and represented him as Sullivan.
Chretien gave the man a few pointers re
garding dates, etc., and Dutchy, 1 drilled
him thoroughly as a prospective witness.
On the strength of Letner. being the
heir, $750was borrowed from Jake Rauer,
$300 of which Chretien says he gave to
"Dutchy." ,
That is the burden of the tale as told by
Chretien.
"Dutchy" made extensive preparations
to establish himself In Nome as. a sport
ing club manager ¦ and a' few weeks , be
fore Chretien's arrest left'on, the steamer
for the northern gold fields with, a large
¦tent and a complete outfit' for- the open-
Ing of his school of physical culture.'. *.
mRS. NETTIK TL CRAVEN* has
been adjudged an Impostor and
the documents upon which she
sought to establish her claim to
a widow's portion of the millions of the
late James G. Fair false, forged an 3
fraudulent. Probate Judge James M.
Troutt har.ded down a decision yesterday
morning in which he denied Mrs. Craven's •
application for a family allowance from '
the deed millionaire's estate for the rea- '
eons ftated.
When court convened there ¦were pres
ent Attorneys Garret W. McEncrney,
< harlcs J. Heggrerty, Reuben H. Lloyd,
William SI. Pierson and ex-Governor
James H. Budd. who represent the heirs
and executors, and Lafe Pence, counsel
Tor Mrs. Craven. F - i
"The application of Mrs. Craven is de
nied." said Judge Troutt. "My reasons
for denying the petitioner's application
for a family allowance are set forth in ;
the opinion which the clerk is directed to !
lile." Counsel present hurriedly sought
copies of the opinion.
"After I have read the opinion," said j j
Lafe Pcr.ce. "I will file notice of appeal." i
He then left the courtroom.
Claimant's Veracity Assailed.
By no Indirect innuendoes the court as
sails the Veracity of the claimant. The
l:ndirsg 1«j made that the relationship be
tween James G. Fair and Nettie R.
Craven was naupht but unlicensed con- :
cubinage— the relation of a man to a
¦woman only because Fhe was a woman '
and of a woman to a man in hope of gaJn.
Even though the alleged marriage "con
tract upon which Mrs. Craven Teased her
claim of widowhood was genuine, which
Judge Troutt questions, he holdr- that "in
the eye of the law" it only established
the Intention of the parties to marry.
Kven had it been lawfully acknowledge!
before a notary and duly witnessed he
botda it would not have operated as an
Instrument establishing a legal marriage
between the contracting parties, "for the.
lr.strument I« equivalent to nothing more
th.'iii an oral consent to become man and
wife."
Under this Interpretation of the so
called marriage contract Jt is swept from
the case and the cause of the claimant
rest uj>on her oath that a ceremony was
)»< rformed by a Justice of the Peace at
Hausallto that made her the wife of
lamea G. Fair. Her statement that such
.1 ceremony was ?»< rforrned Judge Troutt
ccrclares false and says that to establish
It as a fabrication ne<--ds not the contra
diction or explanations of those called to
refute her story. In this manner Judge
Troutt avoids the necessity of placing re
liajice on the testimony given' by Justice
of the Peace Simpte.n. Lawyer Dunand
cr Politician Sylva. He holds their testi
mony unnecessary, for, in the opinion of
THS JUDGE AND THE WOMAN WHOSE CLAIMS HE DE
CLARED FRAUDULENT.
the court, in the very nature of estab
lished conditions Mrs. Craven's storv of
the Sausalito ceremony must stand as
false throuehont.
The Court's Statement.
"for the purpose of this opinion," says
the court, <# a general statement will be
sufflok-nt regarding the essential facts
that concern the serious question as to
whether or not petitioner Is the surviving
wife of decedent. In 1SS9 Mrs. Craven be
came a boarder at the Occidental Hotel of
this city, where decrdfnt was then liv
ing. She testifies that he then began 'to
pay her marked attentions.' and in that
year proposed marriage, which she de
clined 'on the ground that she had many
ambitions, that she was ambitious for her
daughter, and ambitious in an education
al way. and that she did not think she
would make a good helpmeet for him or
any man.' He later renewed his proposal
and was very persistent In it. Almost
every time they met they discussed it.
She once partly consented to be married
'ns he wanted her to be married.' But
phe was opposed to the way. He wanted
to be married and not have It generally
known for a while, but she knew that
that would grieve her mother, who was
a very strict Scotch Presbyterian. Be-
Firk'S, she thought she could not give her
time freely enough to make a good wife,
so on such grounds, which phc stated to
him. she refused him several times.
"On May 23. 1S92. however, at her home.
S23 Sutter street, in this city, decedent
said to her, 'Why not be married as I
have suggested? We can get up a mar
riage and in a few months I will have my
business all settled so we can publicly
announce it and we will.' She then said.
'I will consent.' He thereupon said to
her, 'Now that you may have some evi
dence of It, In case anything happening,
we will write out a marriage contract be
tween ourselves.' He dictated one to her
and she wrote it, and, according to her
testimony, each of them signed it.
"They met pursuant to agreement on
the street at a certain corner and al
though she Informed him that her at
torney to whom she had taken the so
called contract considered It valid with
out acknowledgment, they concluded to
have the same acknowledged. lie named
a certain notary and they were just
starting for his office when by chance he
appeared near by and they beckoned to
him. The notary joined them and offered
to take their acknowledgment, but said
he could not attach his certificate to it,
because if he did he would have to make
a record in his official book and then It
might become public. She produced the
paper mentioned and the notary took
their acknowledgment then and there on
the street. The decedent requested him
to keep some memorandum of it as a pro
tection for her, but to say nothing about
it to anybody else. This paper reads as
follows:
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 23. 1832.
I take Nettle R, Craven to be my lawful wife.
JAMES G. FAin.
I take for my lawful husband James G. Fair.
KETTIB R. CRAVEN.
"This writing, If genuine, merely con
stituted a formal consent by the parties
thereto to become husband and wife to
each other, and Is equivalent. In the eye
of the law, to nothing more than an oral
consent to that effect."
Relations of the Principals.
After thus reviewing this portion of
Mrs. Craven's story Judge Troutt con
tinues:
"Hence the story of the contract'9
strange experiences need not be told be
cause I shall assume that the petitioner
and the decedent did consent on or about
Judge Troutt Holds That She Never Married the Dead
Millionaire and Adjudges Her Claims to Be
Based on Forged Documents.
May 23, 1892. to become husband and wife
to each other. I do not assume, however,
that they both consented In good, faith—
, a n Is> wltn matrimonial intent.
Regarding the alleged solemnization
of a ceremony before a Justice of the
Feace In Sausalito It appears that noth
v} B was ever sald to petitioner's daughter
y decedent, from which any inference
could be drawn that any Justice of the
*eace had solemnized any marriage be
tween her mother and himself, although
tne trip to-Sausallto was taken and the
ceremony was there performed, accord
ing to petitioner's testimony, because of
a particular desire on decedent's part to
Placate and satisfy the daughter. Dur-
V?? a Period of seven years succeeding
this Sausalito episode, and until after
her petition now under consideration was
«/.?•. petltl oner made no attempt to
ootain any information respecting the
name or the record of the Justice of the
ac^ , who solemnized her marriage to
a m . ul .tJ-millionaire. a man who had been
a United States Senator and who was
men very prominent in the affairs of this
community."
After reviewing the testimony given by
Mrs. Craven regarding the Sausalito
teremony and the subsequent statements
ana explanations made by Dunand, Simp
ton and Sylva. Judge Troutt says:
An Incredible Story.
„*" tj 16 , U&ht of these circumstances,
made plain by this testimony without con
sidering others in evidence. I do not hesi
tate to declare the story of the Sausalito
ceremony to be a most improbable one—
fnV? cr f. dlble one - To establish it to be a
iaDricatlon needs not the contradiction of
bimpton nor the explanations of Dunand
or fcylva. -¦.--¦ . .
James G. Fair and Nettle R. Craven
™ not nav e a common home or a com
mon name. The decedent's home was con
tinuously in the Xick House during the
years I»y2. 1SS3 and 1894. Up to the time of
his death but petitioner was never there,
e\en a single time. The decedent never
stayed a whole night- with petitioner ex
it 0 i ? " the sin S Ie instance when they vis
ited the Park Hotel in Alameda together.
She was never addressed otherwise than
as Mrs. Craven.
Pencil Will Declared a Forgery.
«„ " Th , e evidence bearing on the handwrit
ing of the pencil will heretofore presented
,,i u Graven as compared with the gen
uine handwriting of the decedent and the
evidence bearing upon the genuineness of
the aforesaid deeds convinces me bevond
aLa ou that lhe pald win and the "said
SV ve r£ "^ wrl "en or signed or dellv
tt™ K*} h % floced « nt bu t are forgeries.
Hence the. fact is that decedent made no
Kn??',« n # £F P^t'oner's support in antlci
h 1 °? of hl I deatn - Nor d "°s it appear
nrnvi i° m , ade . any clen n»t<? or substantial
proMsion for her support during his life-
ri™?£ i t«. mornJng afte . r the decedent's
in?h» « w t!tloner «*<* th e announcement
in the newspaper. She could not positively
say whether she was 111 in bed at the
time. She did not attend the funeral. She
also read in one of the dally newspapers
at about this time a statement purport-
Ing to be a portion of the decedent's last
will, dated September 21, 1894. wherein he
is represented as declaring that he was
not married. But she did not inform the
decedents daughters or son, or their
counsel, or the executors of the last will
that sne was his widow, until June 25,
1596, when questioned on the subject as a
witness before the court. The petitioner
testified that It had been agreed between
her and the decedent that if their mar
riage had not become publicly known and
announced, then the secret should die
with her if he died first, and that it would
die with him if she died first.
"And now. the final question is, did the
relations that existed between the peti
tioner and the decedent as disclosed by
the evidence constitute a marriage be
tween them under the statutes of our
State Interpreted as. they have been by
our Supreme Court?
How Marriage Is Proved.
"It has been held by the Supreme
Court that a man's mere Introduction of
a woman as his wife is not sufficient to
prove a marriage where there la no proof
of a present contract of marriage and
that the parties lived or dwelt together In
the same habitation. And that mere stop
ping together as transient guests at a
hotel during a short journey does not
make the parties habitants of the hotel
or prove cohabitation.
The Court's Final Judgment.
"By reason of the foregoing facts and
the law as thus construed by our Supreme
Court, I am of the opinion that there was
never any mutual apsumption of marital
rlRhts, duties or obligations on the part
of petitioner and the decedent, and that
petitioner never became the wife of the
decedent. Accordingly, the petitioner's
application for a monthly allowance out
of the estate of decedent, as his widow,
is denied."
This, so far as the Superior Court Is
concerned. Is the end of Mrs. Craven's
suit for maintenance as the widow of a
multi-milionalre. Its fruit for- her has
been defeat on every point, and she must
now turn from her fight for a fortune
and fight for her liberty, which this
action has placed in jeopardy.
NETTIE R. CRAVEN IS NOT
JAMES G. FAIR'S WIDOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA.LL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.
14
DESERTED HTJSBA1TD AND THE MISSING WIFE.
"YOUNG DUTCHY"
IS VOWING VENGEANCE
Bank Stock paper saves the sight, best school
paper. Mysell-Rolllss. 22 Clay, makers. •
-The Scandinavian, element In this coun-
try, numbers nearly 1,000,000 souls. Thej
are located principally in four States—
Iowa, Illlncxis. Wisconsin and Minnesota,
There Is no headache in Jesse Moorft w feJaUay
That's because it is pur».^ ' . ¦ : '
DR.MCNDLTY.
nmrs well-known axd RELiAiu.Korp
X .specialist cwx Private. Nervous, am! Mooli :\X.
ei»e» of 31<-u nnly !:<><>k <>u lTiTute lilseu*.-* jM
Weiifcnesws of Al.-n.f roe. Ovrr'^Oy'n' expt-rK-n.-A
PntiPiiMcnrwlnt Homi>. Tfrutn rnvvtimhtf. Ilwrvj
to3(l:illy:6.30to3::M ev'^s. Sumlnys, lOtnl^ CmimiU
UUonfreeaii(1<iarre<il>-n>ntl<l<>ntinl. Cull.oradilrc3j»
i». i:ohj:ok mpxii.ty, m.i».
HG14 Iiearuy »t., San Francbco, Cal-
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
Glassware
Silver Piated Wsro
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
Kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
COME JL8T TO SEE
Good Time and Pl»cc to Bay
Great Americaa Imiwrflis Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVlNGbTortES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Butter and Posy.
SCI Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
335 Hayes St. 218 Third St.
1419 Polk St. 521 MontBoroery.Avt
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkin St.
SGOfi Sixteenth St. 1319 Devisadero St.
14S Ninth St. 475 Halght St.
2G0S Fillmore St. 32S3 Mission St.
62 Market St. 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1013 Washington St. 616 E. 12th St.
.1237. Broadway 11S3 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. , 1335 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Prices lower than ever.
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's. Wear.
- - . . Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
'¦'•Bet. Taylor and Jones.
' WE HAVE LOTS . 'MORE TO TELL.' BUT
WE HAVEN'T THE SPACE TO TELL IT IN;
WE" LL MKRKLY MENTION THAT WE' VE
TAKEN TWO SPECIALS/FROM EACH OF
OUR MANY DEPARTMENTS AND" CUT THE
PRICE TO AN IRRESISTIBLE FIGURE/
¦ Our Muslin Underwear, our Overskirts,'. our
Children's and Infants' Wear. T our Corsets, our
Lace Ribbon and Embroidery Departments are
ail- represented in TO-DAY'S -and MONDAY'S
Hale.: ;,:¦.' ¦':.-¦ ''¦. - .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.¦ . , ...
CALICO WRAPPERS, waists lined, worth
65c; sale price... hUc
PERCALE WRAPPERS, trimmed with
- fancy braids, walit and sleeves lined,
worth $1.25: sale price »8e
2 ladies' Wrapper Specials.
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HOSE, full finished,
. fast black, worth 12^0; sale price. .7V4c pair
LADIES' POLKA-DOT HOSE, full finished,
fast colors, the very latest, worth- 23c; >
, sale price 15c pair
2 HOSIERY SPECIALS.
2 Specials in Infants' Bonnets
INFANTS' SILK EMBROIDERED BON-
¦ NETS, 35c quality; sale price 19c
INFANTS' FRENCH BONNETS, tucked all
' over, 75c quality; sale price ...49c
LADIES' CALICO SHIRT WAISTS, EOc
quality; on sale at. ...25c
LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS.
trimmed with double row of embroidery
insertion, $1.00 quality; on sale at ...50c
.2 WAIST SPECIALS.
LADIES' ACCORDION PLAITED SKIRTS,
?l.oo quality; rale price...........' ..05c
LADIES' LINEN UNDERSKIRTS, accor- -
dlon plaited, $1.00 quality; sale price <>Oc
2 SKIRT SPECIALS.
For To-Day and Monday
SPECIALS
ARE YOU A BACHELOR?
If so we can relieve you of many trou-
bles We are sure to please you by
our 'laundry work, and you won't find
vour buttons off nor your buttonholes
stretched beyond their normal size, nor
any fringework on your linen. We do Just
the same for married men. so wives take
notice We are prompt, oblijrintr and rea-
sonable in price. Domestic finish for lull
dress shirts if you order it
"No raw edges."
B Office 1OO4 Market Street,
Near PowclL
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Office— 363 12th Streot.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Limit &0c. Regular l^ic can.
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, feox 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 2"c. __„_
1348-1354- MARKET STREET
Opp. 7th> Phone 3. S3?. N° Branch S>orea.
Guaranteed. Regular 23c
Or. Price's Baking Powder. Mb. can 15c
Unusual barsratn. Regular 25c.
TCI English Break fun. Oolong Unco'.ored. ifl«
I CM, Japan. *f JU
Xe^v arrival. Regular COc U>.
OUR BEST Mocha and Java Coffee. . • .25c
. Our friends my this Is the beat coffee la
the city. Regular 3Cc lb.
PARIS Extra Choice KW CORN H«c
This Sugar Corn Is the finest that ever came
from Portland. Maine. Regular 20c.
SAPOLIO. 4 cakes. 25c
Limit Me.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, 1 -lb can 25
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, at cot 95c
Imported. Belfast. Regular :l 23.
IMPORTED SARDINES. 3 cans 25c
CHOICE PETALUMA E68S . . : 20U
Regular 15c and 20c lb.
ORANGE MARMALADE. 3 cans 25c
A breakfast appetizer, extra fine, pure and
good; packed by Bishop & Co., Los Angeles.
Regular 13c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square 40c
Fine Butter Is our motto. Regular 50c.
BEST CITY E6GS, dozen 25c
Gathered from the Mission. Regular 30c.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
SWEET CAKES, w *$g£5flS££ u '' 10c
Sale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
f As -removal time approaches we have I
i^^^^L^^^P^ less time for closing present, stocks, i
Xp There's a sharpening of prices all over |
J"^ Er^vJ^^^S e store — practlcallu everu selling 1
g^m^^^^^^M prlGe Is closer and eYeru reduction In,
f Ilf^-^R^^S ¦¦/.'¦ To-dau will be one of exceptional f
9 H fl^^N^i^^p^^ saving for wanters of gloves, hosiery, 0
f pp^^P^^^^ handkerchiefs, neckwear, corsets, mus- \
? vl j /T T^^^^^S^^ lln-or knit underwear, ribbons, ostrich *
f MlL^rW Jlli§iy*v k° aSj furnlsll l n ff ff ooc k> stl i r t waists, 1
W If W^^^m^^^^ petticoats, separate skirts, laces, em- I
I %h \^^^^^>'^P' broideries, dress trimmings, notions, |
1 H r °^^^iilN wasl1 fai)rics J stationeru, perfumes and \
f f§|' -ll^S^^S^w^ leather goods, if advantage is taken of f
I % r^^S^ft<v^^^^ tlie SD l endid an(i unusua l economies |
t I ¦
I • • ¦
|
; A piano should be tuned !
j and cleaned with regularity, j
' When unused for a while, as |
• I is the case during the summer !
i i months, when the house is j
closed, a piano accumulates
dust and moths. •
: Now that yoa are back !
from the country drop us a j
! I postal or telephone. We will '
j send out men v.ho are ex-
! . perts in this line. They will
put the piano in first-class or-
der — prices reasonable. We
prefer being notified three
j days in advance, if convenient \
; for you. j [
| Sfterman, Clay & Co., j
i Steinway Piano Dealers, jj
i |
Cor. K**mT ¦"<* Butter tU., , S. F. \
Ccr. IStb •n<* Broadway, Oakland. :
i _ — ~~ * ' '~~* * i