ST. PKTKRSBUTtG. July 20.— The Rus-
Flan Minister at Seoul. M. Faveloff.
reports that the Russl^p detachment
which left Port Arthur en route to
Pyongyang, reaching Jigu on Sun
day. July 22. has arrived at Pyongyang
with the loss of IJfteen killed and many
•wounded. They fought their way through
opposing natives at the point of the bay
onet.
General Grodekoff in a dispatch dated
at Chabaravosk Tuesday. July 24. states
that a detachment of railway guards safe
ly brousiit a caravan of 220 civilians and
officials irom the railway to Zurughaltu
Chines** troops. General Grodekoff adds,
are raiding and looting the Yalu Valley.
Another strainer with Russian troops
aboard was bombarded by Chinese from
the river bank July 24. Securing rein
forcements, the Russian commander re
turned to the scene and landed on the
Chinese side of the Yalu River. He at
tacked the Chinese posts in the face of a
heavy lire. Some Chinese pickets were
taken prisoners. Three magazines were
pet on fire and exploded. The Chinese lost
/ :;¦') killed, while the Russians' loss was
<mly seven.
A desultory bombardment of Blagovest
chensk continues. The town of Aigun
has been set on fire by the Russians. The
Cnines* at Baghalien have been compelled
to retreat and take a new entrenched po
sition.
Russian Party That Was Believed
to Have Been Annihilated
Reaches Pyongyang.
Cossacks have destroyed the Chinese
pickets at Nlkolsk. Kuprianovsk and Star
\ihevak.
FOUGHT THEIR WAY
WITH THE BAYONET
SAYS LEGATIONS WERE
SUPPLIED WITH FOOD
TOKIO, July 24. — The message received
here from Shanghai yesterday makes the
following assertions:
"Yuahshal Kai, Governor of Shantung,
has received a letter from Peking, dated
July 13. declaring that a legation courier
was captured by the Chinese guards on
July 13. and that thereupon General Yung
1m petitioned the throne to employ the
courier as a me=scnp<r to communicate
with the Ministers. This project was car
ried out. and a reply wss received that the
Ministers were well and were unanimous
In favoring the restoration of peace.
"An official of the Tsung li Yamen aft
erward visited the legations and inter
viewed a Minister, and it was subsequent
ly decided to petition the Emperor to sup
ply the legations with food and to send
them to Tientsin. J.*. v v : . -'-rj,
"Yung Lu is said to have great difficulty
In intervening between "the" foreign sol
diers guarding the south gioka bridge and
the Tongo troops on the north side. Fight-
Ins has now ceased, however."
WASHINGTON. July 26.— There
were no developments to-day to
warrant the assumption that
there was the slightest Improve
ment in, the Chinese situation.
Indeed, the general tenor of such news as
found light was to add to the steadily
growing doubt as to the good faith of the
Chinese Government, as manifested in its
acts. A letter frcm Admiral Kempff, given
publicity by the Navy Department to
day, made the direct statement that the
Imperial authorities were In sympathy with
the Boxers, though he added thati the
Government was afterward paralyzed and
Incapable of controlling the situation.* This
was the first official declaration to reach
our Government contradictory of the Chi
nese representations that the imperial
Government had steadfastly and from the
first opposed the Boxer movement, and
our Government is bound to accept the
word of its own officer until that is over
come by Irrefutable evidence.
Then. the exchanges that are in constant
progress • between the powers are tending
more apd more to cast suspicion upon the
genuineness of the many communications
that have come from Peking through Chi
nese governmental . sources. If -it should
be finally established that there has been
an attempt on their part to practice a
gigantic fraud upon the world that fact
xnay call for change of attitude on the
Growing Suspicion at Washington
That Chinese Officials Are
Playing False.
part of the United- States Government to
ward China. This would not affect the
military policy already under way, but
merely the technical relations between
the two Governments, which probably
would, closely approximate a step of
formal war.
The Navy Department to-day contribu
ted a brief news Item In the shape of a
vindication by Admiral Remey of the
United States marines from the general
charge of looting at Tientsin. The ad
miral had a good deal more than this to
report to the Navy Department, but the
officials did not regard the rest of his re
port as proper for publication just now.
General Miles and General Burlington
were again In consultation, separately,
with Secretary Rootto-day, and the sup
position is that the Chinese campaign was
under consideration. ¦- v . ' ¦•
COAL IS CONTRABAND.
LONDON, July 2C— In connection with
the excitement created by the immense
quantities .of "steam coal leaving for
France, admittedly ; for the use of the
French navy, A. *J. Balfour, First Lord of
the Treasury and Government * leader in
the House of : Commons, replying to- a
question In the House to-day, significantly
pointed out { that the ? bill before Parlia
ment to prohibit the •. exportation " of war
munitions applied to coal as well aa to
other military stores. ' . ¦
STATE DEPARTMENT
CHANGES ATTITUDE
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York Herald Publishing Company. Re publication of this dispatch is pro
hibited. All rights reserved in th© United States and Great Britain.
LONDON, July 27. — The Daily Telegraph publishes the following from its special correspondent:
"TOKIO. Tuly 26. — It is reported that on the 22d inst. a Japanese force of 15,000 succeeded in landing at Shanhaikwan
and gained a great victor}-.*'
JAPANESE REPORTED TO HAVE GAINED A GREAT
VICTORY OVER THE CHINESE AT SHANHAIKWAN
Father Stephano hid in the mountains for three days, and then some converts came and carried him to the river in a
coffin as a corpse. They placed him in a boat. Afterward tlie boat people discovered that he was not a corpse, and were fright
ened at carrying- a European, but ultimately they consented on promise of a reward. After a hazardous journey and many ad
ventures his devoted converts brought him safely to Canton, whence he took a steamer to Hongkong. He says that Hunan prov
ince is aftame with rebellion.
ffcOXGKOXG, July 25, 4:55 p. m. — Rev. Stephano Sette, an Italian priest who has just arrived here after an adventurous
J* voyage from Hensien-Fu. in Southern Hunan, in the course of an interview says that on July 4 the native converts warned
him that the Bishop's house, a two hours' journey distant, had been set on fire and the Bishop, Right Rev. Antonio Fantozzati,
three fathers and hundreds of converts had been murdered. Six other priests had fled to the mountains.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by th e Herald Publishing Company.
ESCAPED PRIEST'S STORY OF THE MASSACRE
OF CHRISTIANS IN SOUTHERN HUNAN
f$ OXDOX, July 27.— The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, telegraphing yesterday, says:
jf "Li- Hung Chang now states that some members of the legations have already left Peking and may be expected
shortly. He is becoming angry at the skepticism of the Consuls.
"The impression is gaining ground here that the Ministers of the powers to whom China has applied for mediation may
still be alive. The representatives of France, Japan, Russia and the United States have visited Li Hung Chang, but the others
still keep aloof.
**The Americans here are indignant over the fact that United States Consul Goodnow has entered into relations, with
Earl Li, but Mr. Goodnow defends his action on the ground that he is following the instructions of his Government.
•'Trade in Shanghai is so paralyzed that the customs revenue will not suffice to secure the payment of the next install
ment of the foreign^ loan.
•'Meanwhile active preparations in the Yangtse region for war are in progress — not for war against the rebels, but against
the foreign powers. Junkloads of Chinese soldiers and Boxers disguised as coolies are arriving daily. The arsenal is full of arms
and supplies are constantly coming in. The Nanking and Wuchang garrisons are being constantly reinforced, and the Viceroys
admit that they cannot much longer withstand the pressure brought to bear by Sheng and Li Hung Chang upon them to join
their forces with Prince Tuan.
"It is hoped that the arrival of Admiral Seymour may stiffen the backs of the foreign Viceroys and restore the security
of the port.
'•Two English* missionary ladies, Miss Whitchurch and Miss Searell, have been. murdered at Hsiaoi, in th/e province of
Shansi. Massacres are .also reported from Taiyuan and Paotingfu."
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 19C0, by New York Herald Publishing Company, of this despatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
CHINESE NEWS SUMMARIZED
FROM THE CALL'S DISPATCHES
ACCORDING to Li Hung Chang, some of the foreign envoys have already left Peking on their
way to Tientsin. This and other Chinese assurances of the safety of the legations con
tinue to be regarded with suspicion in Canton and Hongkong, not to speak of Shanghai,
whence one correspondent telegraphs that the proposal to send the Ministers to the coast is
a part of a deep-laid plot to conceal the date of the massacre.
From Hongkong and Shanghai come reports of a spread of the anti-foreign feeling and
of the more or less alarming attitude of the authorities. In Canton, despite many executions,
the rowdy element remains undismayed, and even in the heart of China the feeling is such that,
one correspondent says, if any reasonable fear becomes current of a partition of China being
intended or of personal injury to the Dowager Empress being threatened, the whole of the cen
tral provinces will explode.
Chinese troops which were beaten at Tientsin are massing at Yaungtun, twenty-five
miles from that city, on the railway line to the capital.
Fifteen thousand Japanese have landed at Shanhaikwan, inflicting a severe defeat
upon the Chinese there. With occupation by Russian forces, a few days ago, of Lutai, on the
railroad which connects Shanhaikwan with Taku, the allied forces are thus in possession of
a double base.
Letters received in St. Petersburg and specially cabled to The Call present a vivid
picture of events in Peking up to as late as June 19. ;
Chinese Soldiers Disguised as Coolies Concen
trating Around Shanghai and the Imperial
Government Continues Its Strenuous Prep
arations for War With the Civilized World.
LONDON, July 27. — The Hongkong correspondent of the Daily Express wires as follows under yesterday's date:
"An Italian priest has just arrived here from Hensien-Fu, in Southern Hunan, where the Italian Bishop and three priests
have been massacred after revolting torture. This took place on July 4. Six hundred converts were massacred after the women
had been subjected to hideous brutality. Six other priests fled to the hills, where they were probably killed, The priest who
escaped had a perilous journey to Hongkong. He hid in a coffin on board a river boat for seventeen days,"
WOMEN MASSACRED BY CHINESE FANATICS AFTER
HAVING BEEN SUBJECTED TO HIDEOUS BRUTALITY
in the form of two letters from the di- i
rector- of the Russo-Chinese Bank to the I
Minister of Finance. The first Is dated)
June 13 and reads:'
, " "The situation here has reached a
crisis. On -June 13 the German embarsy
had' a man belonging to the anti-Christian
mob arrested* in Legation streets This
caused a great commotion among. the Chi
nese, who burned the American church to
the ground. Hearing of this Europeans
barricaded Legat'cn street. The Chinese
then tried to set fire to the European
quarter," but "here they were repulsed, bo
they turned their attention to European
houses in the Chinese quarter and sacked
and burned every one of them. It Is im
possible to send any guards of the lega
tion toprotect the houses from the mob,
because the guards are too few to do any
good. "We are living in a state of war.'
"The second letter, dated June 13, says:
'We are still without any news. Interna
tional and Russian troops are being be
sieged. We have taken every possible pre
caution to Insure our safety, as we aro
threatened with a sudden attack by the
Chinese.' "
MAKING READY IN CHINA.
, ' Boxers enrolling at a military post. A Government officer belonging to. the army • presides at the table. His urn- •
brella Indicates him to be a Mandarin of consideration. The picture Is taken from the Illustrated London Mews and '
was drawn from a sketch made by a correspondent in' China a short time before the outbreak. It is a type of what [
was to' be seen at any of the military posts, -which occur at frequent Intervals along the roads, in the eastern prov- \
inces, and Is strong evidence that the high officials at Peking if not the Government Itself were countenancing the anti- .
foreign movement and making preparation for the war that they knew was sure to* follow it.
LETTER FROM PEKING
DESCRIBES THE RIOTS
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
¦ right 1900 by New York Herald Publishing
Company '• Republlcation of this dispatch 19
lirohiblted. All rights reserved In the
¦ United States and Great Britain.:
I LONDON, July 27.— The Daily Mall pub
lishes the ¦ following from ¦ its correspond
ent: ' • ' - ¦
"ST.- PETERSBURG, July 26.— The first
direct news; frcm Peking arrived to-day
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 57.
The San Francisco Call.mitted suicide by shooting himself in the
head on July 20. The cause for the deed
is not known apparently even among inti
mate friends of the deceased. He was 32
years eld. a native of the State of Wash
ington and unmarried.. He went to Alaska
in the early nineties, lesiding at Sitka,
Juneau and'finally at Skaguay. during all
of which time he had many positions of
trust. He was a member of the t.lks and
the Arctlc'Brotherhood. His parents re-
Bide In Seattle.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
DENVER,' July 26.— The convention of
tne Young People's Christian Union of the
Presbyterian churches began Its regular
session this morning. After praise and
prayer service and Bible study conducted
by Rev. C. H. Strong of Sterling. Kan.,
the following convention officers were
elected: President, W. E. Nicholl of Tar
klo Mo.; recording secretary. Miss-Jose
phine Spencer of Sterling, Kan. ; press sec
retary Rev. J. D. Rankin. D.D.. of Den
ver; treasurer, E. K. Marquis of Indlan
al Reports were submitted by General Sec
retary McGlll and Treasurer Marquis. An
address was given by Rev. A. J. MacLen
nan of Boston on "Revival of Religion;
Young People's Place In It." after which
a recess was taken until 2:30 o'clock.
JERRY SIMPSON
ROUGHLY USED
BY HOODLUMS
4- FORT SCOTT. Kan.. July 26.- ?
¦4- Ex-Congressman Jerry Simpson •?•
+ was hooted here to-night by a >¦
+ crowd of hoodlums while attempt- +
-?¦ ing to deliver a political address in -?¦
4- the amphitheater at the racetrack. +
+ A crowd of probably two hundred 4
-?• roughs went to the meeting • to -f
+ create a disturbance. One of the +
-?• leaders, a big negro. Jumped upon -?-
+ the i platform, and when the ex-Con- +
-?¦ gressman attempted to push him off -?¦
-?- the negro fought and both went to +
>• the floor. Others of the mob rushed +
+ In and Mr. Simpson was in danger -f
4- of rough treatment until Mayor -f
¦?¦ Goodlander and a crowd of profes- +
4- slonal and business men took a ¦?¦
4- hand and beat off the rowdies. Sev- 4
4- eral of the latter were arrested, -?¦
4- but the mob later overpowered the 4
4- police and released the prisoners. 4
4- Mr. Simpson's speech was not fin- 4
4- ished. 4
Received by Pope Leo.
ROME, July 26.— The American pilgrims
under the direction of Father E. P. Pro
di of Brooklyn were received by Pop©
Leo to-day. The bishops of Brooklyn and
Burlington and students of the North
American College were present. The Pope
appeared to be In excellent health.
WASHIXGTOX, July 2S.-Th» remains of tha
late Judse Wilmer J. Hughes of San Dles:<->,
Cal.. -were taken this afternoon to Louden
County. Virginia- The burial will oecnr at tha
old family burying r?rr>und at Xorthfork, Lou
don County, to-morrow afternoon.
In the^e emphatic words Major General
William R. Shafter, speaking from the
platform of Metropolitan Temple last
night at the great reception tendered to
Commander Booth-Tucker of the Salva
tion Army, summed up the present trend
of events In the Orient. The speech of
the leader of the American forces en
thused his audience and the cheers which
greeted him when he rose to his feet after
the introduction by Chairman Bishop
Nichols, together with the bursts of ap
plause with which his brief talk was punc
tuated, showed clearly the weight aUach-
6 4 W believe that iri r China
* we. are on the brink of
¦what will prove to be either a
mere flurry or one of the
bloodiest wars the world has
ever seen. It looks to me very
much like the latter. I hope
you soldiers of the Salvation
* Army will not forget in your
prayers the gallant soldiers of,
the American forces."
"I must In conclusion thank you for
your applause. Coming from an Ameri
can audience to an American soldier,, it
is extremely gratifying. It is all- that we
ask of you and all the reward we ought
to expect. I thank you."
"In the course of a long and not un
eventful career I have. been called upon
to face many trying situations, but never
one as trying as the present. I fear
neither my profession nor my practice'
authorizes me to address you, nevertheless
I have not altogether forgotten the leb
sons I learned at the knee of a Christian
mother. I congratulate you. my fellow
citizens of the Salvation Army, on the
pluck, perseverance and indomitable will
which have made you the power that you
are in America to-day. Now as to China.
I believe that in China we are on .tho
brink of either a mere flurry or what will
prove to be one of the bloodiest wars the
world has ever seen. It looks to me very
much like the latter. I hope you soldiers
of the Salvation Army will not forget in
your prayers the gallant soldiers of the
American forces. It has been .forced upon
me on many occasions that the man who
is not ashamed to acknowledge his ie
ligion is the man to depend upon. From
the days of the Roundheads down to our
Boer friends In South Africa the man who
grays before he shoots Is a hard man to
oat.
ed to his utterances by the Immense gath
ering. I - - - —
General Shatter occupied a chair on the
left of Commander Booth-Tucker. It was
late in the evening before Bishop Nichols
requested the General to address the
house. lie said in part:
MAJOR GENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER.
SHANGHAI, July 2&k-Admlral Seymour
has arrived here and has been In consulta
tion with the British Consul regarding the
situation. It is reported that the British
battleship Centurion and the cruisers Un
daunted and Dido are at Wusung. The
following warships are here: „
British— Daphne, Alacrity, Hard and
Woodcock.
American— Castlne,
Dutch — Holland.
French— Surprise.
Japanese— Takao and Akagl.
It is reported that LI Hung Chang'In
tends to leave for Fuchau, from which
point he could easily go to Nanking or
FLEET OF WARSHIPS
GUARDING SHANGHAI
RETURNS TO CHINA TO
START A REVOLUTION
Leung=Chi=tso Leaves Honolulu on an
Urgent Summons From Reform Lead
ers of the Flowery Kingdom.
HANKOW RESIDENTS
IN STATE OF PANIC
Peking overland. Should the southern
Viceroys yield to anti-foreign influence
there will be a severe struggle. Tho
Yangtsekiang is being strongly fortified
with the newest guns, manned by Ger
man drilled artillerymen.
TO THIRD READING.
LONDON, July . 26.— In the House of
Lords, to-day the bill prohibiting the
portation of arms ''and munitions "of -war
passed Its third reading.
KENOSHA, Wis., July. 26.— A^message
was received here to-day that a number
of members of the Presbyterian Board of
Missions at Nodoa.-on the. island of Hai
nan, has been murdered by Boxers.
MURDERED AT HAINAN.
LONDON, July 26.— A dispatch from mis
sionary, sources, dated Shanghai, July 26,
says: j "Rioting has broken out at Alyuen
fu, the capital of the province of Shan3l.
There are no details. Rioting has also
occurred at Huailoh, south of Chili. All
the missions have been destroyed. ¦ Our
friends safely escaped to the country, but
are still in danger."
RIOTING IS SPREADING.
DES MOINES. Iowa, July 26.— W. H.
Boom of Roos Hill, Iowa, and his family
have given up hope for the safety of their
son-in-law and daughter. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Garrett, who are missionaries for
the Christian church in China. Both of
the young people graduated from Drake
University a year ago. A letter from
them dated June IS is the last word re
ceived. At that time they were Btarting
from Kuling to Shanghai. The Boxers
were inciting the people to kill, all for r
elgners, and the missionaries, numbering
about sixty Americans, were badly frlght.
ened. AH efforts to communicate with the
Garretts have been fruitless.
FEAR FOR THE SAFETV
OF THEIR DAUGHTER
- "Foreigners are in a constant state. of
panic; owing to the hostility of the na
tives, who are affected by the events, in
the northern provinces. The American
and British Consuls have recommended
their respective people to send their fami
lies to Shanghai. Nevertheless, there are
no symptoms of serious disturbances
Impending. The Viceroy has taken, all
necessary measures to protect foreigners
and to reassure Chinese."
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.— The Rus
sian agent at Hankow telegraphs under
date of July 22 as follows:
to the Orient at once.
The scheme seems to be to get an un
derstanding with the allied powers , that
the Emperor. Kwang Su. will r be restored
to power upon the suppression of J the
Boxer movement. With this . agreement
the signal will be given and the reform
ers throughout the empire will arise as
one man and march with the allies
against the Boxers and the forces of .the
Empress Dowager.
The reformers are confident of the out
come. They believe that In a very short
time peace will reign again. Everything
depends upon the acceptance- of their
proposition by the powers, for the Em
peror with them is the kingpin of' the
situation. ¦¦-' •
Money In large quantities has gone
from every Chinese settlement in the
world to aid in the reform, revolution.
Much has. been sent, from. Honolulu, i and
more is going forward by; every steamer.
It is believed that the fund is now large
enough to maintain. a ! large army indefl-
- ' T ONOI/TLr, July 2t.-L*ung Chi-
tso, under his Japanese name of
Kaphimabala, left on the 17th
JLrJL lnst. on the .steamship Nippon.
Mani for Yokohama, accom
panied fcy Sun Cheong of this" city. The
reformer received three ."cable", n-us-
Fagrs which had been pent from the
<">rient to San Francisco and* forwardecl
here by the Nippon Maru. .They.-. -urged
him to corne at once. Lcong lost no time
in preparation. He got the dispatches
Shortly before noon and began packing up
Immediately. In the afternoon he went
with Sun Cheong to Hackfeld & Co. and
booked, taking first class passage. Sun
going under his own name and Leung un
der the name he took when, as a refugee
from Peking, he became a Japanese sub
ject.
It is asserted by reliable Chinese % au
thority that as soon as Leung Chi-t*o"ar
rives in the Qrient and the leaders of the
reform movement have conferred with
the allied forces one of the biggest .revo-
It is asserted that LI Hung Chang is
heart and aoul with the reformers and' is
exerting every effort to establish the new
era. Moreover, it is adde$ that one of
the. cablegrams received by Leung Chi
tso _ on Tuesday was from the old diplo
mat. Another came from Kwang Yu Wai
at Singapore. They told Leung that. the
time had come and that he should return
This struggle, has been brewing since
1S95., Leung Chi-ts'o, who lias just left
here; Dr. 'Sun Yet Sen, who is now in
Japan; Lau Chong, who recently died • in
China, and a number of others were
prominent leaders in the movement.
Many leaders were detected by the Gov
ernment and beheaded. Kwang Yu Wai,
Leung Chi-tso and Dr. Sun were among
the number who made their escape.
lutions in the history of mankind will
hurst forth. There will be a million
young Chinese, who have had a taste of
Western civilization, allied with the pow
ers of Europe, America and Japan against
the untutored hosts of the Empress Dow
ager.
Prior to 'General Shaf ter's address Com
mander Booth-Tucker spoke at length on
the work of the Salvation Army in Amer
ica and Europe. On the subject of the
army colonies he said;/
"Our first colony was started at Fort
Romle. our second settlement at Fort
Amity in Colorado, and now we have a
third at Herrick, in Ohio. It has been a
hard struggle— sometimes it looked as if
failure was to be the end of our efforts—
but God was good to us. We stuck to our
guns, and three years ago we raised $75,
000 to give the farm colonies a good start.
We have 3000 acres of land and provide
for 300 men, women and children. I hope
soon to erect the largest worklngmen's
sanitarium in the world. I hope to be ablo
to say some day. to every sick poor man:
'Come, live with us and for $3 or $4 a week
obtain medicine, good food and bracing
air'; and then when he gets better, if he
wants to have a cottage and a ten-acre
lot, he can have it."
Bishop William Ford Nichol|. Rev. Dr.
Woods and Mrs. Higgins also addressed
the- audience. Rev. William Rader of
fered the opening prayer, asking for jrrace
to be shed upon "God's rough riders."
Upon the platform, with Commander
Booth-Tucker were Colonel William Ev
ans, • Colonel Richard Evans, George D.
Dornin of the National Fire Insurance
Company: H. J. McCoy, secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association:
George Moore, president of the Mutual
Life Insurance Company of America;
Staff Captain Bull. Rev. William Rader
and Mrs. Higgins of New York, who has
charge of ' the Salvation Army Kescue
homes there.
Orient Field of Possible Sanguinary Battles, Declares General
Shafter at ¦ Salvationists' Welcome Tendered Commander
Booth-Tucker at Metropolitan Tempje, •
MANILA, July 26.— At Oroquieta. In
Northern Mindanao, two soldiers entered
a native store for the purpose of buying
food. While there one of them was killer,
with a bolo and his head severed from
his body. The other escaped and gave the
alarm.
A company of the Fortieth Infantry
stationed at Cagayan repaired to Oro
quieta and killed eighty-nine natives,
thirty-eight of 'them being m a single
house.
Subsequently the gunboat Callao, com
manded by Lieutenant George B. Brad
fhaw, shelled Oroquieta, burning the
warehouse. One of the crew wa3 killed.
A force of the enemy estimated to num
ber 500. under the'leaderahip of Alvarez,
formerly the insurgent President of Yar
branga, is now persistently troubling
Northern Mindanao.
A marine at the outpost of Isabella De
basilon was Lolord by natives and so
badly wounded that he died. Isabella is
tranquil.
ACCUSES AMERICAN
TROOPS OF BARBARISM
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. July CS.— The World has
this from Hongkong under date of
June 12:
"While riO proclamation has yet been
issued declaring: the Filipinos In arms to
be outlaws, the American troops are prac
ticing in spots in the Philippines a jtolicy
beside which bandit law is a tame affair.
The administration has decided the rebel
lion must be 'kept down," and in spita o?
peace proclamations our soldiers here and
there resort to horrible measures with
natives. Since the war was officially de
clared to be ended we have killed more
Filipinos than the Spaniards did In both
rebellions. Captains and lieutenants are
sometimes judges, sheriffs and execution
ers. If a half-dozen natives more or less
are ehot on suspicion of being our ene
mies no news of It reaches the Military
Governor, who wants none.
"Publicly we are granting amnesty to
prisoners. Publicly we are most liberal.
Instead of executing 1 our bandits In pub
lic plazas In the presence of the people
we execute them, where they ara caught.
That keeps the facts quiet — keeps tho
truth away from the people of the United
States, which is considered justifiable be
cause they 'cannot understand the situa
tion and its necessities.'
¦ "If many actual occurrences ¦were lit
erally told people would refuse to bellev*
that such barbarities take place under
our flagr.
t*'I -doTi't want any more prisoners aent
to Manila." "was the verbal order from th«
Governor General three months ago. That
is the message passed along from officers
to privates, and it has been interpreted in
several -ways. In other words, the volun
teer officers and men individually hav»
been guilty of deeds which when com
mitted in Cuba by the Spaniards so In
flamed the American people that they
went to war to set Cuba free."
Company of Soldiers Slays Thirty-
Eight Natives in a Singla
House in Northern
EIGHTY-NINE LIVES
THE PRICE OF ONE
Awful Vengeance Taken by
Men of the Fortieth
Infantry.
FILIPINOS
PAY DEARLY
FOR MURDER
FUTURE MAY PRODUCE
WORLD'S WAR IN CHINA
FIENDISH TORTURE
OF THE BISHOP AT
MUKDEN MISSION
AMERICAN MISSIONARIES
MURDERED IN SHANSI
LONDON', July 26. — Reports are current
that a number of missionaries, American
and English, have been murdered in
Shansi. One of the dispatches from
Shanghai, published here to-day, says:
"The Canadian missionaries who es
caped from Honan had a terrible experi
ence en route here. The natives every
where were hostile. The rabble attacked
the refugees, beat them and tore the
clothes from their barks. The ladies suf
fered cruel indignities."
The dispatch continued: "Canton re
mains comparatively quiet. The natives,
however, are beginning to fear that the
reinforcements arriving at Hongkong in
tend to attack the Bogue forts and occupy
the citv. The military mandarin has
asked the Colonial Secretary at Hong
kong for assurance that Great Britain,
does not intend to take Canton."
A dispatch received here to-day from
Yokohama states that the Japanese di
vision will all be landed at Taku by July
31 and will reach Tientsin August 3. The
Legislature of New South Wales has re
solved to dispatch a military contingent
to join the imperial troops in China.
HONGKONG. July 26.-The signs of
menacinfr activity on the part of a se
cret society known as the "Triads" are
causing alarm. The "Boxers"' are be
lieved to he an offshoot of the "Triads,"
whose ramifications are widespread
throughout the southern provinces of
China. The organization is distinctly
anti-foreign and anti-Manchu, and num
bers of Canton troops are enrolled in its
ranks.
A report is current in Canton that the
"Triads" are preparing for a night attack
on the Chief Shameen, and that the first
Fipn will be the abscondinjf of native ser
vants. The greatest apprehension pre
vails, although at present Canton is quiet.
Many "Triads" have been arrested in
Honpkong during- the last few months. A
Chinaman was arrested on July 8 on a
charpe of being a member of the
"Triads." The evidence showed that he
hnd hr-ld the rank in command in the or
ganization in the two Kwangs. with head
quarters at Saikung. a new territory,
where he had been active in enrolling
mf-mhers. His arrest, therefore, is of the
greatest importance. The insignia found
upon his person includes the highest de
1 grees.
An opium farmer has received a tele
gram asserting that U Hung Chang is
unable to proceed to Peking and will re
turn to Canton, probably calling at Hong-
S kong on the way.
After Undergoing Barbarous Cruelty He Is
Decapitated and His Head Hung in
Front of the Yamen.
Special Cable to th« New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New' York
Herald Publishing Company. Republication of this dispatch is pro.
liibitsd. All riehts reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
LONDON, July 27.— The Daily Mail publishes this dispatch
from its special correspondent:
'•SHANGHAI. July 2G. — The proposal made by the Chin«ss
Government to the American Consul, through Taotai Sheng, that
hostilities ag-ainst the Chinese should ceass upon condition that the
foreign Ministers were sent under escort to Tientsin, appears to
be part of a deep-laid plan to conceal the date of the massacre and
the duplicity of officials who, b-ing in possession of th« news, sup
pressed it. The story will be that the Ministers all left Peking un
der a strong esccrt, but were set upon by a mob of Boxers/ We
shall bs told that, althoug-h th» Chinese soldiers fought bravely,
they were overcome and all were massacred."'
LONDON, July 27. 4:3j a. m.— li.e
Shai.ghai correspondent of the Daily
ftlafl. describing the massacre at
Ivlukclen, says:
"The Bishop had armed 2^0 eon-
Verti to defend the cathedral ami a body
cl Chinese troops had been sent to defend
the converts, hut the soMiers v.-cre
leagued with, the Boxers. While the Chris
t:cr.s were holding a pervice the signal
KU *:iven and soldiers and Boxers sur
rnunded and set fire to the church, put
ting the escaping worrhipers to the. sword.
The Bishop was captured and taken to
the Viceroy's yanun. where he was dia
bolically tortured and decapitate. Hit
bead new bangs in front of the yamen."
The Daily Mail explains that the Chi
nese employe of the British legation who.
according to its advices yesterday, es
caped from Peking to Niuehwang and
reported there that when he left Peking
most of the menjbers of the legations
were dead and the «-ondi:ion of the others
vas bopc less, did not actually leave Pe
kir.gr until July 8. and this poes to shov. .
if l-.is natenient Is to bo relied upon, that
A' general masparre had not occurred on
July 6. as has been reported.
All the powers appear to have received
sn identical Cblnesa appeal for mediation;
bat in the absence of definite news re
pardiiiR the fate at the JIini«ters and of
may reliable indications of the real origin
of the appeal it eef-ms that L*ord Salis
bury, the Premier, considered it was not
«ven necessary to publish the fact thtit
the appeal had been received or to d>i
envthins beyond formally aoknowIpdgij.R
It, with perhaps an intimation that runn
ing could be done until news from Peking
had ufrivei'..
If it could be ascertained beyond doubt
thAt the reports of a massacre at Peking
wore unfounded <and there is disposition
her« t<j believe that the Ministers may,
tfler all. be hell as hostages; I^ord Bai'«
l.ury's policy would probably incline more
toward the conciliation attributed t<j
"VVaEhington than to the revenge attrib
uted to Berlin. But, while there is no
cessation of the delupe of rumors, it is
beginning to be believed at Shanghai.
Canton and other points that the Vice
roys are as completely In the dark as
to: affairs in Peking as the Europeans
thVmselvop.
way in the burning- and looting of Tien
tsin after its capture by the allies. How
ever, thi? has been understood to be the
fact from the first.
PLACARDS POSTED BY
BOXERS IN CANTON
LONDON. July 2".— The Canton corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph, in a
dispatch dated Wednesday, says:
"There are daily arrests of Boxers and
smuggler?, caught loaded with arms and
ammunition. Executions quickly follow,
but the rowdy element remains practical
ly undismayed. In the country districts
the people are more threatening and
bolder than in the city. Inflammatory
placards are freely posted, such as the
following:
We, the Chinese children of the Sa^es, are
faithful and filial as well as modest. How
does it crmp to pa??, then, that any of us can
fo far fnr^t htaMSlf as to bwome the proselyte
of a barbarian's religion? Tens of thousands
of native converts have been killed In North
China and their houses and possessions de
stroyed. Because of this all the countries of
the world liavp sent soldiers to Tientsin to pro
tect the converts.
This they hav* failed to do. The mission
churches, the foreign consuls and all the bar
barian troops have been slaughtered, Just as
you kill chickens and dogs.
You converts have involved the barbarians
in this caJamity. We look upon you as rebels.
and soon your dnom will overtake you. . Un
happy is your condition, for all men 'hate and
despise you. Great is your distress. Your
hands har.g helpless by your Fides. Despair
has seized your minds. r>eath Blone will re
lieve you. By following the doctrines of these
renegades and foreigner? you have forfeited
your rights as men. We v.-arn you at once to
fly to safe hiding-places while yet there is op-
RISING OF "TRIADS" IN
SOUTHERN PROVINCES
Meanwhile the doings of Li Hung Chanrj
er« r^garxied with ever-increasing sus
picion, while the situation In the southern
province daily grows worse.
It is reported from Tientsin that the
Chinese forces are concentrating a.t th-j
village of Got?ang, ten miles north of
Tientsin, where, it is said, large quan
tities of rice are stored. The Russian and
Japanese cavalry ar« keeping- in close
touch with the enemy. The river is still
low and water transport would be difli-
AMERICANS TOOK NO
PART IN LOOTING
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The Navy De
partment this morning received the fol
lowing cabUjrrani from Admiral Remey:
TAK>'. JaSy 24. <~h<?fu. July rJ.—Buruau of
Jifavjgatfon. Washington: Colonel Meade or
der™ to Mare Island Hospital for rheumatism.
r.r.d Major Waller Mii-c«ds in command of the
J-'irst Urjrlin^nt. My obtainable information
clears the marine of any imputation of burn
ir.(? houros cr looting at 'J 'if nt>in. 1JEMEV.
The fact that Colonel M*-ao>. who was
In commr.nd of the marines at Taku. has
been Invalided hom«? on account of rheu
rnatism has created no surprise among
his comrade of the r.avy who knew him
best. While a man of indomitable will,
<ViionH Moade's vitality has been below
liar, and it lias bec-n an almost constant
fctruggie for him to i>erform his duties.
Oolnnol Meade h?s been the rnnking
marine ofTirer at tlw Cavite naval station
Finee Its establishment. His departure
from Taku will lr-ave Lieutenant' Colonel
Coolidg<> nf th<» Ninth Infasitry in com
mand of the land forces. The latter' s com
mand, however, will be only temporary,
as the arrival of the Grant with General
Chaffee within »h*» next f*>w days will
jiiac him in puprrme command.
Major Waller, who is row the ranking
m.^rir.*- offirt r. «1fo will give way to Major
Bi<Jdl<--. who has with him on "tho Grant
two rnmpsui^p at th«» F*ourtb Battalion of
Mnriiifs. Tlie acquisition of the 225 ma
rines will bring the force of marines clOM
i:p to 7'«i. Owing- to th« largely increased
force of marines end th«* reinforcements
which ere on the way from the United
Ftatcs. Colonel William S. Muse, who is
now stationed at th»> Mare Island Navy
Vorfl. P*n Kr.-incisco. may be assigned to
command them.
Thp Navy Department Is very much
pratJfled to hear from Rear Admiral
Romey <3lr<vt a denial of the imputation
that American marines participated in any
One Life Probably Lost in an At
•tempt to Free Swindler Boyd
From Pennsylvania
Penitentiary.
P1TTSBURG. July 28.— A bold and sys
tematic plan for the release of one or
more prisoners from Riverside Peniten
tiary was thwarted to-day by accident.
The first theory advanced setyncd to point
to the release of Alexander Berkman, tuo
anarchist, who is serving a twenty-two
year sentence for the shooting of H. C
i'rick during the big Homestead strike
in 1SS2, but the conclusion reached to
night by Director Muth of the Allegheny
Police Department is that tiie real object
of the rescuers was to secure the freedom
of the notorious real estate swindler, J.
C. Boyd, who is serving a seven-year sen
tence in the penitentiary for his mis
deeds. This opinion is shared by the
Pittsburg police officials also and many
reasons are brought forward to confirm
the theory. Among these are the fact
that Boyd is wanted in nearly every State
in the Union on charges of real estate
swindles, has confederates all over the
country and is accounted one of tho
wealthiest prisoners in Riverside.
The plan by which the rescuers hoped
to reach the inside of the penitentiary
wall was by a tunnel from the cellar of
a house on Sterling street, nearly op
posite one of the gates. Their work id
remarkable considering the obstacles to
be overcome. Investigation to-day showj
that it was over two hundred feet lonj;,
but because of its zigzag character had
not reached the prison wall. One of the
officers who crawled a distance of 201 feet
in the dark passageway to-day was com
pelled to return before reaching its end
by reason of the foul gases arising. From
this it is inferred that the tunnel had
tapped a sewer. Director Muth, however,
believes that the body of one of the tun
nelers will be discovered to-morrow when
the tunnel Is opened from the surface.
He thinks the man was overcome by
gases and that his companions fled.
The elaborate arrangements that had
been made for completing the tunnel and
for providing for the safety of the dip
pers is a source of amazement to the au
thorities. An electric bell, connected with
the entrance of the tunnel in the cellar,
was used in giving the workers and
watchers an instant signal in- case of
alarm, and an air pump had been used to
keep the tunnel free from gas. It is. esti
mated that the electric plant and other
apparatus used cost the would-be liber
ators at Iea3t $2000.
On March 15 last Thomas Brown, who
represented himself as a Chicago solicitor,
purchased from John C. Langritt. who Is
an engineer in the penitentiary, the house
at 28 Sterling street for $4000, paying 5250
down and agreeing to pay the balance in
installments. Soon afterward Brown, a
woman whom he said was his wife and
his brother-in-law moved into the house,
and operations were probably begun at
once. The Misses Letetia and Jennie Mc-
Carthy, who lived just opposite the house,
had their suspicions aroused because of
the small quantity of furniture going into
the supposed home of the Brown family
and by the fact that the principal articla
taken in was a, piano. During the occu
pancy of the house the shades were al
ways down, but the piano was rarely si
lent. Mrs. Brown played and sang almost
constantly. During the interval when
there was no music the Misses McCarthy
heard a. grinding, whirring noise, which
gave them the impression that the
Browns were always grinding coffee.
Their suspicions of crookedness were con
firmed when they saw a load of galvan
ized pipe and a load of lumber taken into
the house. They called the attention of
the police to the place, but no charge
could be made against the occupants.
The Brown3 left the house on the night
of July 5, leaving word for Mr. Langfltt
that they were going to New York, but
would return on July 24 to pay the first
Installment on the house. Their failure
to return led to the investigation by Mr.
Langfltt. _¦
The theory is that the Browns were
frightened away, because all of the ap
paratus was found in the house with the
exception of the digging tools, which Di
rector Muth thinks are in the tunnel with
the body of the digger.
LONG PASSAGE DUG
FROM A RESIDENCE
Remarkable Scheme for the
Escape of Gonvicts
Baffled.
TUNNELED
TO WALLS
OF PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUJLY 27, 1900.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The Secretary
of the Treasury has sent the following
letter of instructions to all collectors of
customs on the Pacific, prohibiting the
exportation of arms to China:
'.'At the recommendation of the honor
able Secretary of State you are instructed
to use the utmost diligence to prevent the
sending of arms from your port which
may be used by the insurgent forces in
China to the harm of American citizens in
that country. In case of any shipment of
arms destined for Asia, which you may
have reason to -believe may be thus used,
you are to telegraph the facts promptly
to the department and detain the vessel
until further instructed. You may com
municate the substance of these instruc
tions personally to owners of ships or
agents of vessels desiring clearance from
your port to ports in Asia or the islands
of the Pacific inviting their attention also
to sections 40S3, 4090 and 4102 of the Re
vised Statutes."
Special ¦ Dispatch to The Call
ALLEGED LETTER FROM
SIR CLAUDE MACDONALD
CHEFU, July 26.— It Is reported that a
letter has been received from the British
Minister in Peking, dated July 6. It sa!d
that the foreigners could hold out no
longer than a week. The bombardment
of . the legation was continuing. Forty
persons had been killed and about eighty
wounded. '*¦%&£&&'
In all probability this alleged message
from Sir Claude Maedonald Is the same
as the one made public • two days ago,
the date being wrongly put here as the
Cth instead of the 4th. -The previous ver
sion said the foreigners could hold out
two weeks and that forty-four had been
killed and twice ar. many wounded.
COLOXTEI* ROBE'S ORDERS.
:; '.WASHINGTON, A July 26. — Colonel
Charles F. Robe, formerly lieutenant of
the Seventeenth Infantry, who succeeded
to the command of the Ninth Infantry on
the death of Colonel L.lscura while gallant
ly leading his forces at Tientsin, has been
ordered : to proceed at once to China for
the purpose of assuming command of his
regiment. I Colonel Robe is now at Manila
awaiting transportation to Taku. .
SURGEONS WANTED.
WASHINGTON. July 26— General Stern
berg j Bays that one hundred additional
medical officers are wanted by the surgeon
general' for duty in the Philippines and
China."-' He -says -that only graduates of
reputable. medical colleges with some ex
perience and under 40 years of age will be
accepted. -JHSU
SHIPMENT OF ARMS
TO CHINA PROHIBITED
SKAGUAY'S TREASURER
PUTS AN END TO HIS LIFE
Young Official of the Alaskan City
Kills Himself With a
Revolver.
SEATTLE. July 26.— W. L.. Metcalfe,
Treasurer of the city of Skaguay, com-
2
5-Ib tin uo
Crockery Remnants Half Price
Glassware Remnants — Half Price
C/^SH STORE
Our readers will be glad to know that this old
reliable house la now running full blast under
the management of the SMITHS.
Our lone list of articles mailed free of post-
aK- will interest you and save you money. The
20-page price list. "The Home Circle." aent fre*
as heretofore. Address ax above at
25-27 Market St, San Francisco, Cai.
25-cent size' 121c
Mustavii Coffee, Mb tin 25c
Fine Table Sauce, per bottla ... 6c
Schilling's *fiast Tea, Japan... 45c
Best ID-cent Ball Blue, per box. 5c
Eastern Cream Baking Powder,
2-lb tins I2£c
Pure Jams and Jellies, Mb jar 121c
Pure. Raspberry Syrup
Good Cream Cheese 10c
Choice Table Apricots ..10c
Imported Olives, large bottle.. 25c
Pure Jams and Jellies
RAISE MONEY
TO
OF ¦San Quentin Officials Deny a Sensa
tional Story and Point Out
Its Absurdity.
SAN RAFAEL, July 26Jr-The sensa
tional story published In one of this morn-
Ing's papers stating that two guards at
San Quentin prison were poisoned by
some vengeful convict Is heartily ridiculed
by the prison authorities.
The Warden, Martin Agulrre. said when
speaking of the published story: "I can
not understand where so wild and ridicu
lous a tale ever originated. There is no
more ground to say or believe that Ihu
two guards are suffering from aconite poi
soning than there Is to say the same thing
of me at this minute."
Dr. Casey, the resident physician at the
prison, when Interviewed <-aid: '"The
story of the poisoning of the guards is
too silly to be commented on. A month fit
so aso the men had been 111 with diph
theria, and what slight illness they now
have Is the after effects of that disease.
A soreness had settled in Arbogast's leg
below the knee, and McNeil has a slight
trouble with his threat. The men were
given a vacation because they needed it.
They will have two weeks of rest."
Arbogast Is at Byron Springs. The wild
tale of a fiendish prisoner manufacturing
aconite from the prison shrubbery finds
no believers. Arbogast and McNeil are
both guards on the wall, and even if all
the prisoners In the yard were manufac
turers of aconite they would have no op
portunity to administer it to these two
guards.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap
pointed^and Pensions Granted.
Special Dira^ch to The Call. |
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The following
postmasters have been commissioned: Ore
gon — Rawlinson F. Potts, Tualltln*
Charles E. Tyler, Croston; Charles e!
Bramhall, Alms.
Washington— James W. Davis, Tolt.
J. A. Morrell of Lytton. Sonoma Coun
ty, has been appointed Postmaster vice
C. A. Hewitt, resigned.
The following pensions were''granted to
day: California — Original — Oliyer -A Me.-
Kee. San Francisco. $6; Catharine A. I.,e
graw, Santa Rosa, JS; Sarah B. Warner
Pomona, $?. War with Spain. original-
Ray L.. Hursh. Berkeley. $6; William C.
Walsh. San Francisco, $6.
Oregon — Restoration and Increase — Wil
liam Crabtree (dead), Walterviile, $17.
Original— Rachel A. Crabtree, Walterviile
SS.
"Washington— Original— Lydla A. Harris
Dungeness, $8. War with Spain. original-
James F. Greek. Spokane, $12; Robert
Hovey. Kllensburg. SS.
Troops for Alcatraz.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— An order has
been Issued for the department command
er of the Department of the Columbia to
select one company of the Seventh In
fantry, at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.,
for station at Alcatraz Island. CaL
GUARDS NOT POISONED,
SAYS WARDEN AGUIRRE
SOUTH AMERICAN ORE
COMING TO SAN DIEGO
Kosmos Line of Steamships "Wil
Bring tha Mineral Rock,
Which. Is to Be Treated
at Pueblo.
Special Dlsj>aVh to The Call.
SAX DIEGO, July 26.— The steamers ol
the Kosmos line, which have been call
ing here for the past eight months most
of the time with small consignments of
freight will hereafter come well loaded
with freight for this port. The unprece
dented activity in business circles
throughout the East Is In part responsi
ble for the increase In the amount of
freight to be handled this way.
For years Eastern smelters have been
treating gold ore from the west coast of
South America, •which has found its way
to them across the Isthnyi3 of Panama.
The smelters are so srowded with busi
ness that they do not undertake to make
returns on ore In the time desired by
mine owners and the direction of the
shipments has therefore been changed.
The ore will come to the amount of from
500 to KiOO tons per month through this
port to be forwarded immediately to Pu
eblo, Colo. The first shipment is expected
by the Tanls, which should reach here
about the middle of next month, though
It is possible that It will not arrive until
September, when the Herodot Is due to
arrive. The Tanls is bringing about 150
tons of nitre, the first to come througn
this port, for Los Angeles from Chile.
Captains and pursers of the liners who
have been here within the past few
months have said that the business down
the coast was large, but that it was slow
work changing the conditions. They have
all agreed that it was only a matter of
time when a large portion of that trade
-would be diverted to California points.
THRALL THE SWIFTEST
OF ALASKAN TRAVELERS
Makes a Bound Trip From Victoria
.Via the Yukon and St. Michael
in Twenty-Six 3>ays.
Sprclr.l Plrnaich to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 2S.— H. B. Thrall,
superintendent of the railway mail ser
vice of the United States, who, with his
wife, arrived by the steamer Manauense
from St. Michael yesterday, has made the
fastest trip yet made down the Yukon to
and back from St. Michael. He left San
Francisco, where he has his headquarters,
in June last and made close connections
all tho way until returning, being thus
enabled to make the trip from Victoria to
Victoria In twenty-six days. Including
three days' delay at Dutch Harbor, owing
to the coal famine there.
Thrall, who is looking to the feasibility
of quicker mail service, left here on tho
morning of June 29 on the steamer Cot
tage City and reached Skagnay on July 4.
He went over the White Pass line And
embarked on the steamer the same day.
Dawson was reached July 7, and there he
connected with the steamer Sarah, on
which he arrived at St. Michael July 13.
There he caught the Manauense, and she
made the run to Dutch Harbor In fifty
six hours. She was delayed there for
three days, leaving July 17, though she
made a fast run, reaching here In five
days and nineteen hours. Thrall says the
mail service given the Yukon la better
than he had looked for.
COAST NEWS BRIEFLY TOLD.
BANTA CRUZ. July 2fl— The Board of Equal
ization has raised the assessment on bearing
fruit trees 25 per cent, adding about $10,000 to
the assessment rolL
REDDING, July 26.— Rice McCarty, bound
over to the Superior Court for grand larceny,
attempted suicide in a hotel at Shlngletown
last nlpht. He took laudanum. The constable
got a doctor and McCarty was saved.
PETALUMA, July 26.— "Word was received to
day of the death at Nome, Alaska, of Charles
Campbell, a native of Petaiuma and a former
business man of San Francisco. He died July
5 of typhoid pneumonia. He had been in
Alaska three years and had done well.
PIIOEXIX. Ariz.. July 26.— Acting Governor
Akers has given ! an answer to the request of
the Texas officials for clemency In the case of
the Valdeman brother*, refusing to srajit j a
commutation of the death sentence. The men
will be hanged on August 10 at Tombstone.
RED BLUFF. July 26.— Frank Williams, a
colored man, working In an orchard at Vina,
¦was shot Wednesday . evening by Charles Wil
liams, also colored.- The wounded man 1b
dying. Sheriff Howard of Red Bluff went to
.Vina this momlnsr to make an effort to capture
the man who did the shooting-.
PEXDL.ETOX, Or., July 26.— Unknown men
broke into the house of J. B. Bnwlin at West»r
last niKht and tried to kidnap him and hi«
wife. Bowlln is the man from Kentucky over
whose extradition on Governor Beckham's
requisition there were five arrests of Bowlln
and two habeas corpus cases.
YUUA CITT. ¦ July' 26.— The railway station
at this place was entered early this morningr.
the safe cracked and JC."» taken. The bursars
used Iron punches, chisels and a sledge ham
mer and left the tools on the floor. The ham
mer was Identified by the foundry In Marys
vills,, frcm where It had been stolen.
SAXTA CIUJZ, July 2S.— Edward Dast.-an old
Frenchman who conducts a candy store at
Laurel street and Pacific avenue, ru arrested
this morning : for assaulting- a 12-year-old child
The child alleges , that he enticed her. Into his
store with promises of candy. Dast was sent
to Jail In default of |1000 ball, > pending pre
liminary examination. - " .
GOV. GAGE CHOOSES
A NEW AID DE CAMP
H. D. Bobbins, a Capitalist of Solano,
Is Named as Lieutenant Col
onel on the Staff.
Fpeclal Pirpatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.— Governor
Cage has eppoint^d R. L». Robblns of Sui-
Fun Dratesaxxt colonel and aid ce camp on
bis staff, vice F. E. Beck, promoted col
cr.r-1 and paymaster general.
StriSl'N. July 26. — The people of Suisun
feel highly gratified over the appointment
of their fellow townsman, R. D. Robbins
fcr.. as a lieutenant colonel on Governor
lja«res staff and appreciate the honor con
lerned by the chier executive. R, £>. Rob-
Lir.s, who is one of the foremost residents
Of Delano County and one of the Republi
can party leaders, is president of the
banks of J?uisun and Vaeaville and promi
nently connected with twelve other bank
ing institutions in the State. He is one of
the largest fruit growers in California,
having about 36<a» acres of bearing
orchards In this vicinity, and aJso a shlp
per, being a partner in the Alden Ander-
Eon Fruit Company. He is also a etock
f.'ulcr and has a number of tine grain
ranches. Mr. Robblns was born in How
dotnbazn. Me.. €1 years ago. and received.
bis edscatlon ax the Maine Western Sem
inary at Reedfield, Me. He came to Cali
fornia in I 1 -**', locating in Suisun. He be
pan life hore that year as a clerk in a
lumber yard. To-cay he is the wealthiest
man in Sclano County, his fortune being
in the millions. His family consists of a
wife ar.d six grown children — four sons
cr.d two daughters. Two of the sons are
graduates of the University of California
and the othor two are at present pursu
ing their studies in that institution. His
daughters are graduates of Mills College.
Mr. Robblns has represented the Repub
licans of the Third District of California
at three national conventions, having Just
returned from the recent convention held
in Philadelphia.
TOG OF THE CANDIDATES
FOR CONGRESS WITHDRAW
General Beveridg-e and Judge Fitz
gerald Decline to Make a Fight
for the IComination.
Eperial rUFpatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES. July 26.— Judge Fltz
perald has decided to keep out of the
Congressional race, his action following
closely the withdrawal of General John
L. Beveridjre from the Us* of aspirants.
l»cal opposition to the nomination of
James McLachisn caused th* bringing
forward as carviidate? of the famous ex-
Governor of Illinois and the brilliant Ju
rist of the Superior bench. Governor Bev
eridge considered the matter a few days,
consulted with his friends, sized up the
opposition ar.d to-day announced his
¦withdrawal from the Congressional race.
Now Judge Fitzgerald has pursued the
TALKS TO HOTHERS
Feature of the I>ay at Long Beach
Chautauqua Assembly.
LONG BEACH. Ju'y'x-The classes of
the Chaui.uuo,ua Assembly closed this
morning, ar.d to-morrow evening the as
rembly will close. Mrs. Schaeffer closed
her cbfM study to-day with a discussion
nf he'.pful bocks fcr mothers and children.
Bhe sJso gave study outlines for mothers'
clubs ar.d told cf the use of pictures in
connected with the heme reusing, in
the cfterooun, she conducted a mothers'
meeting, in which fhe gave a short ad-
Ir^ss on the recent Congress of Mothers'
Ciubs, and to'.d of the benefits to be de
rived from organized motherhood. Mrs
Burr Lewis in her last taik to the pnr
iamentary law class talked of the dutie?
if the tr< asur<-r ar.d or the auditing com
mittee. Proferscr O. P. Phillips lectured
:his aiternoon on "Th» Atmosphere."
T. 21. I. EntertainmEnt at San Hafael.
SAN RAFAEL, July 26— The friends of
£i. Raphael Council No. 10. Y. M. I.,
packed the Hotel Rafael this eveninjr
and enjoyed a most Interesting entertain
ment. The earlier hours were devoted to
the enjoyment cf an interesting vaudeville
programme, which was followed by a
dsnec. The entertainment was for the
benefit of the fund which will be used in
welcoming the delegates to the sixteenth
crand council of the order, meeting here
in Aujrust. After the rendering of tho
vaud"fcvi!ie programme the remainder of
the evening was devoted to dancing. The
committee who arranged the pleasant
event consisted of the Rev. J. \V. Sulli
van. J. K. Hayden. \V. J. Eden, Ed Con
irdy, E. GraSy and W. F. Maurey.
Koine Tundra Flame-Swept.
SEATTLE, July 20.— A special to the
Times suvf: Cape Nome was treated to a
j preat conflagration early In this month.
' Miles and miles of tundra was burned
over and many homes destroyed. The
f re bepan close to the eastern suburbs of
Nome and cwept the country from tho
, cuter edge of the sand beach to the foot
hills and far below Cape-JNome, so that
the surface looks like a vast prairie that
lias been burned over.
Forest Fires Bage in "Wyoming.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. July 2S.-There is j
much anxiety at the present time among j
citizens of "Wyoming as a result c/f the !
umerous forest fires. Fires are raging
:n Elk Mountain In Carbon County, Horse
Creek. Uinta County; the Pedro Moun
tains west of Casper, and Pinoy Creek in
Johnson and Big Horn counties. A fierce
f:re v,-as burning in the forest reserve
northeast of Sundance, but a hard rain
extinguished the flamea. . 1
was fatally and two seriously Injured in
.1 wreck on the Southern- Pacific Railway
three miles east cf here to-day.
The Injured: John JohYson, fatally; J.
H. Russell. seriously; Mrs. Robert S.
elevens, nose broken and other injuries.
The wrecked train was passenger train
No. 7. which left New Orleans last night
While running at full speed the axle of
the tender suddenly snapped and all the
coaches and the first Pullman sleeper left
the track and turned over an embank
ment. There were many narrow escapes.
they expect to bring into the case, but
"they say there will be a surprise, and a
big one. before the case Is ended, which
will close with the Bradys receiving a
term in San CJuentin for something else
beside the wholesale pilfering of barley.
Another part of the story comes from
Vancouver, B. C. Some time ago Con
stable Coleman of this place received a
letter frcm a man in Vancouver, asking
If two men by the name of Brady were
living in this neighborhood. The letter
gave an accurate description of the two
men now under arrest, together with that
of the woman who now claims to be the
elder Brady's wife and the three children.
The writer stated that he desired to know
because the elder Brady had been a source
of annoyance ar.d trouble to him for the
past ten years, having run away with his
sister-in-law, who was a married woman,
and he wished toTteep informed as to the
location of the brothers. Further, fie
stated that the Bradys were hard cases,
much given to driving around the country,
stopping at farmhouses during the ab
sence of the occupants and carrying off
whatever movables they could escape
wiih. The writer further asked if the
Bradys were wanted here for any crime,
as he knew they had hurriedly left Cali
fornia-last fall for the north, and suspect
ed them of having had to fly to avoid ar
rest.
The local officers knew nothing of eith
er Brady, had never heard of them before
and Constable Coleman did not answer
the letter.
Now it is known that the Bradvs work
ed in this neighborhood for a few days
last summer and they are suspected of
having nlied their srrain thieving trade
iher>. The wife of Brady the elder Is
thought by the officers to be the wife
of an Arizona cattleman, having run away
with Brady while the latter was In tha't
country. To this the letter from the Van
couver man gives a coloring of unques
tionable truth. There is hardly any doubt*
but that E. W. Brady "did time" In Texas
for counterfeiting, and the officers may,
as they now think, have- captured a pair
of thorough crooks who may be wanted
elsewhere for something far more serious
than the I-odf charge.
THREE INJURED IN WRECK.
Southern Pacific Train Leaves the
Track Near Beaumont, Texas.
MIEAUMOXT. Tex.. July 26.— One person
Investigation by Authorities Leads
to the Belief That Grain Pilfer
ers Are a Bad Let.
Sperlal Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. July 26.— Developments In the
case of the Brady brothers, charged with
grain stealing, tend to give the Ftory of
their lives the color of a somewhat rag
ged-edged romance. Grain stealing !s not
the only charge which they will have to
face when .they come up for trial here.
The officers are reticent regarding what
RECORD OF THE BRADYS
NOW IN LODI'S JAIL
f rec\&\ Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. July 26.— Early this aft
erncon a report was in circulation that J.
E. King, who on Sunday killed S. H.
Church in Two Rock Valley, had been
captured anff* placed in custody. The re
port reached this city from Petaiuma,
where it had torn brought by a rancher
living In the Two Rock district. Investi
gation, howev-r, soon showed the report
to have been erroneous.
Xo inkling a? to the man's whereabouts
has y<^t P<H?n discovered. He has not been
seen" by any one. as far a? can be learned,
since the moment he alighted from the
buggy in which he and his wife started
for Santa Ro?a on Sunday afternoon, at
a point just opposite the creamery, and
said he would walk on afoot and give
himself up to Sheriff drnce.
Sheriffs Grace and Taylor have net yet
given up hopps. however, and seem confi
dent that their man will soon be run to
earth. A number of interesting theories
have been advanced as to which direction
King- took after leaving the gum tree
grove. Most of the theorist? are of the
opinion that King stayed In the grove all
day and left at night. Concealment in the
grove would not be a difficult matter, as
it Is some ft-ven acres in extent and a
large proport-ion of it is sapling growth.
If once detected or uncovered, however,
the murderer wculd have a poor chance
nf getting away, as it would be hard to
move quietly frcm plrce to plaoc among
the trees. The dry gum twigs and bark
would prevent n noiseless passage.
King must have got to the coast section.
where there arc many small shippirg
points. Bark and wood are now being
pent out in large quantities from these
points, and It would be possible for King
to smuggle himself aboard at night w'ith
the connivance of the captain and so
reach San Francisco. It was by somewhat
similar mean? that Bruggy, the murderer,
was supposed to have made his esrape
from the county after gaining his liberty
by breaking jail several years ago.
Sheriff's Still Hopeful of Run
ning Him Down, but Many
Btlieve the Trader
Fled by Sea
ALL TRACE OF KING,
THE MANSLAYER, IS LOST
Epedal Dispatch to The Call,
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 26.— The fish
ermen's strike at Steyeston seems to be
drawing near an end. I This morning the
Indians deserted the whites and went out
to flsh.
I-rast night at Steveston the white fisher
men leaders had difficulty, in keeping the
Indians from attacking the Japanese in a
body. This morning the renewed run of
heavy fish was too much of a temptation
for the natives and they went out and
began to make ready for commencing
work. They wanted either to fight or else
go to work, and when the whites would
not allow them to do the former they in
turn became indignant and resolved to
make what money they could while the
season__yet lasted.
From the manner of the Indians it»wos
apparent that they were excited proba
bly through fear that the whites would
molest them, but as the morning dawned
and no trouble came, they became more
at ease. At 6 o'clock ten boats manned by
Indians stole silently away from the Pa
clnc Coast cannery. The tug Reliance,
with six ppt-cial policemen aboard, went
down the river to be on hand- in case any
violence should be attempted. At noon
the canneries on the main river were
alive with Siwashes and Klootchmen, all
busily engaged in overhauling boats, nets,
sails* etc.
The condition of affairs from three
points of view is given as follows:
Lieutenant Colonel Worsnop— One of
two things will happen. Kither matters
will drift along for a week and part of
the men will return to work while the
others disband, or else there will be a
fight. If one blow Is struck there will be
a serious affray.
C. S. Windsor (largest cannery owner)—
We are perfectly willing to recognize the
Fishermen's Union, whose officials are
bona-fide fishermen, and to treat with
them, but we have nothing to say to the
professional agitator. I think the staike
will ultimately prove the best thing that
ever happened for the industry.
Vice I»res»dent Rogers of the Fisher
men's Union— We have had great difficulty
in restraming the Indians from an opet.
outbreak. They are very restless and
want by force to drive the Japanese off
the river and out of the country. We win
work for 23 cents a flsh. or nothing.
Will MaeClaln, the Socialist labor lead
er, narrowly* escaped berng mobbed in
Vancouver to-day for his utterances at
the strikers' meeting last night, when he
bitterly attacked the militia, applying the
most vituperative epithets to the soldiers.
Fight of Union Men at Steve
ston, B. C , Against Can
nery Cwners Is
Futile.
INDIAN FISHERMEN DESERT
THE CAUCASIAN STRIKERS
<41 27 last year. The road has redeemed
bonds to the amount of $4000 and gtlll
shows an overplus of $3044 09, against a
deficit last year of $1310 03.
Xean- Webber "Weddings at CTapa.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
XAPA. July 26.— A pretty wedding cele
brated here at noon to-day was that of
Miss Maude Kean and E. L. "Webber. The
ceremony took place at the residence of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Mary Kean, 140
Union street, thj Rev. M. Clifford officiat
ing. Only relatives and a limited num
ber of intimate friends witnessed the
ceremony. Both bride and groom were
unattended. The bride, wllo Is the daugh
ter of the late John Kean. formerly Coun
ty Assessor, wore a beautiful gown of
white organdie over white silk. Mr. Web
ber Is a well-known attorney and Is a
member of the firm of Webber & Ruther
ford. Mr. and Mrs. "Webber have gone
south for a bridal tour and on their re
turn will make their home In this city.
SHOOTS HEB DAUGHTER.
SCHUYLER. Neb.. July Kw— Mrs. James
Gadsden. a prominent resident of this
city, shot her daughter Alice, age<i IS. ir.
flictlng serious if not fatal wounds. Mrs.
Gadsden Is Insane, having returned re
cently from a hospital. She admits doing
the shooting and says she only regrets
that It did not prove Instantly fatal. say-
Ing that she had to shoot the child to sava
her from belnsr chopped up. She Imagined
she was to be hanKed herself and that tha
children -were to be chopped up.
Campers Flee From the Forest Fire.
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— Sturtevant
Camp Is safe but deserted. That Is tho
latest advice received from the scene of
the forest fire In Santa Anita Canyon to
day. Nearlv every guest has le/t tha
camp, and the lo«s to tho owners -will foot
up to a large stun in prospective profits
for the season.
GAINS IN NET BABNTNGS.
North Pacific Coast Road Makes a
Favorable Showing.
SACRAMENTO. July 26— Representa
tives of the North Pacific Coast and Ne
vada County narrow-gauge railroads were
before the State Board of Equalization to
day. The former road's report shows to
tal earnings amounting to $336,990 20, a
gain of $26,967 over a year ago, and ex
penses to the amount of $207,82317, an in
crease of $13,605 91. The net earnings this
year are $129,172 03. an Increase of $12,361 0<>
fFZ-J 1 }* 1 *?**?- J** road has redeemed
$2o,lOO in bonds this year as last, and the
overplus this year is $26.122 97. General
Manager Stetson said that while the road
had paid interest on Its bonds, there was
a million and a half of stock upon which
nothing had been paid.
The Nevada County road shows earn
ings amounting to $110,903 38, a decrease of
$3012 43 over a year ago. but the expenses
have been decreased JH,K4&4 from $30-
MB. AND MRS. JOHN M.
SLOVONSKY.
j This Is the Los Angeles couple
? now in Jail there on a charge of i
<j, blackmailing A- PL Maines, a busi- T
ness man. . ?
prominent and wealthy family in New Al
bany, Ind. Slovonsky has alleged that his
wife confessed, when urged, her trans
gression with Maines at a local hotel, and
that Maines had access to her apartments
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 28.— Mr. and
Mrs. John M. Slovonsky, who are
to answer to charges of black
mailing A. R. Maines, ask for a
suspension of public opinion until after
the hearing of the case in the courts, in
sisting that when all the facts are known
they will be able to make a showing that
will clear them.
Maines refuses to make any further
statements.
The preliminary examination Is set for
to-morrow morning, at which time the
defendants and their attorneys promise
decidedly sensational features, while tele
grams from the East indicate that Mrs.
Slovon5ky, at least, is a member of a
20, 1S23. and has resided la Oakland for ten
years.
OAKLAND. July 26.— Henry G. Bias
del, the first Governor of the Stats
of Nevada after Its creation in 1S65.
died at his home in this city at 8
o'clock this morning, after an Illness of
several weeks. *
Mr. ¦ Blasdel contracted a cold some
weeks ago, which settled into grip, and
being 75 years of age the disease made
rapid inroads upon his constitution. He
became unconscious and remained so for
several days before his death. He leaves
two sons. H. G. Blasdel Jr. of Oakland
and S. W. Blasdel of Portland, Or.; a
daughter, Mrs. Lillian B. Benard, and a
brother, Captain E. W. Blasdel, who lives
in this city with his family.
Mr. Blasdel was a member of several
Masonic orders. Ho was a charter mem
ber of Santa Cruz Lodge No. 3S, having
helped form that lodge In ISoi. When he
moved to Nevada he Joined Carson Lodge
No. 1 of Carson City, and he was a mem
ber of California Commander)- No. 1,
Knights Templar; of DeWitt Clinton Com
mandery. Knights Templar, of Nevada,
and Virginia. City K.oyal Arch Masons
The funeral will take place to-morrow
from his residence in Fruitvale under the
charge of California Commandery.
Knights Templar.
Mr. Blasdel was a pioneer of this coa«!t
having arrived here during the spring of
1&0. He became engaged in the commis
sion business in San Francisco, but failed
Just as the State of Nevada was created
He went into the new State and was elect
ed the lirst Governor, serving two terms
He recovered his fortunes and returned to
California and settled every dollar of his
Indebtedness caused bv his failure He
was born in Lawrenceberg. Ind.. January
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 2S.-Three or
four hundred Pima Indians along the Gl!a
River, above San Carlos, have left tl:«*
reservation owing to the failure of water,
the river being: entirely dry- Many have
gone to Globe and other towns and about
2CO camped along the Verde River, east cf
Payson. There Is some objection on tho
part of settler, but the Plmas have al
ways been peaceable and they will be per
mitted to shift about until rain, relieves
the drought on the reservatlop. Nearly
all of their cattle have died because of
the scarcity of water.
Settlers Enter Objection to
the Migration of the Indians
From the Arid Reserve.
IN SEARCH OF PASTURES
GREEN.
Fold Their Blankets
About Them and
Steal Away.
PIMAS FLEE
THE TERRORS
OF DROUGHT
Spec!af Dispatch to Tha Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 28.— The State
Code Commission appointed in July, 1SDU.
to-day turned over to State Printer Johns
ton the final batch of matter comprising
its report to the legislature on the re
vision of the Code of Civil Procedure.
The commissioners In their report ob
serve that the Civil Code, following- the
plan of the old practice act, contains
many sections reiterating, or at least in
tended to reiterate, provisions in the Stats
constitution^ This, the commissioners re
mark, is clearly unnecessary, for a con
stitutional provision derives no additional
force, nor }s it made less difficult of in
terpretation by legislative affirmance or
re-expression, and it has more than once
happened that a legislative re-expression
has. by departing from the precise phrase
ology of the constitution, led to doubt and
litigation resulting- in the courts being
called upon to apply and enforce the con
stitution itself in preference to the decla
ration of the code.
Among- the more Important of the
amendments proposed by the commission
are the following:
Denying the right to prosecute actions by
parties who have no interest in the subject
Removing: the disability of married women
to sue or be sued alone when they are the real
parties in interest
Taking from County Clerks all quasi-Judicial
authority, as for Instance hearing and deter
mining exceptions to the sufficiency of sure
ties and contlningr the performance of ?uch du
ties to Judges, Court Commissioners and other
Judicial officers.
Disqualifying a Judg* because of his relation
ship 10 an officer of a corporation trho is a
party to the j eutt requiring corporations,
whether de jure or <3e facto, to be made parties
to iroceedings to forfeit franchises exercised
by them.
The commissioners also recommend
changes in the present code so as to make
letter-press copybooks admissible In evi
dence; so there may be but one contest
of a will; so that non-resident heirs may
be restored their right to nominate ad
ministrators, and so that the filing of an
Inventory may be excused when the will
eo provides.
There Is Too Much Hamper
ing Legislation, Say the
Commissioners. v
URGE SOME AMENDMENTS
State Code Commission
Completes Its
Report.
UNRAVELING
THE TANGLED
SKEIN OF LAW
6j*c'a: IDispatch to The Call.
REDDING, July SS.-Redillng awoke this
morning to find the greater part cf Its
tenderloin gone. The quarter had beer
destroyed by fire between S and 4:30
o'clock.
It was the biggest fire in many years,
and but ror the large brick building: on
me south side of the burned district the
ttror.g north wir.d would have caused the
c< struction of the entire business portion
of Reading-. As It was. burning cinders
were carried over the entire city and for
two miles below the town. While the
fiames were at their fiercest the citizens
bc-cuime alarmed and many predicted the
«j'<orr. of the city. Hard work, however,
held the lire tu the block in which it
started.
Nine houses were destroyed and one par
tially burned. Nothing of their contents
•wa? saved. Eipht of the buildings were
occupied by dissolute women, the houses
faring a i:arro\v street. The other two
buildings were dwellings facing on Mar
fcet street.
The origin of the fire I? a mystery. The
llamas were first s*-en in a. two-«tnry
house on the alky. A cigar or cigarette
ttub seems a passible rau>e. On the other
hiiritl. many persons believe that the
buildings were rirrd to get rid of them.
but there is do evidence to sustain this.
Th« district, once 5n the suburbs, is now
turrouncoii by residences. The question
tf how to get the <Ii*:=o!u?e ri«idc-rits out
Of the Blley ha.« been a problem, and some
of those R'ho whisper of incendiarism say
the question ha« been solved by an agent
«jf purifying qualities. The conservative
element, however, believe the fire of ac
cidental rri^iii. A fair estimate places
the loss at about 110,000. There was $51^
fssuranee.
Conservative Citizens Do Not
Believe That It Was an Act
of Incendiarism.
BIG BLAZE BEFORE DAWN
Tenderloin District Is
Removed by the
Fiames.
FIRE SOLVES
A PROBLEM
AT REDDING
DEATH OF THE FIRST
GOVERNOR OF NEVADA
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1900.
SLOVONSKYS PROMISE
A GREAT SENSATION
3
THE LATE H. G. BLASDEI*
(Taber. Photo.)
111 V i O 1 11 C S TOiii
1 0(1 Ordinarily our prices for clothes are below w?|p
f%5| the average charged by various other m$M
\' : fyM stores for the same goods dt <& <£ <& M$M
Wm During this sale we have marked our|^|
\$M prices way down===some one=third, some \\%\
i$m one=half from our ordinary prices *£ *£ ¦£:!
\^M Knowing this, are you not inclined to let |:gjj
l^i us lighten your clothing bill ?«£«£'«£ ip!
i£~|i flade-to»order suits which, previous- to this sale, i\? : p
I ;>;:|| sold for $13^50 and $15.00, are now made for $10.00 %*e 1 %f||
'¦&ill R ea dy" mac te suits: Cheviots which sold from- our Ik|
!; \'v'il counters for $10.00 are now $5.25 04 -j< vx o{ v< i '•'***"K
I'V'-M Fancy Cheviots and a few suits of black clay iir;|
I'-^l wors * e d' value $15.00, are now selling for $8 45 & %'*£$
l/;t;l Boys' school suits, formerly $2.65 and $2.85, are I:^!
i£:'-|| reduced to $1.70 *a & %»-*»%» ** at |:?;2
iS-gl Derby Hats in all the popular colors, worth every 1
£:|j cent of $2.00, can be had for $1.30 «* «* . ** ** i ?-$B
Silk=front golf shirts for summer wear, good value I:?£h
&r^lj at $1.00, present price 60c ***** *» ** ** *# *# g'^SJudge Freeman at the conclusion. of the
hearing ordered that Mr. Hoyt be commit
ted until . he , recovers from his present
trouble.
Mr. Hoyt admitted | his condition waa
such that he needed rest and attention,
but did not think that he should be con
fined in an institution.
HARTFORD, Conn., July 26.— Charles
H. Hoyt, the playwright, appeared before
Judge Freeman this morning to oppose
an application committing him to the re
treat for the Insane In this city. Mr.
Hoyt's remarks were perfectly rational,
and only when he spoke of the death of
his wife and child did he show any traces
of extreme feeling. .. ¦-.
When Speaking of Dead Wife.
Appears Rational in Court Except
CEABLES HOTT COMMITTED.
the accused. .
Max Regis is the notorious Jew-baiter
and ex-Mayor of Algiers. During hia term
of office anti-Semite outbreaks were con
stantly occurring. Shortly after the affair
in the Rue de Chabrol, during the Drey
fus trial, when trio anti-Semite agitator
Guerin barricaded his house and held it
against the police of Paris for several
weeks, M. Regis was threatened with ax
r«8t. He fortified himself in his house in
the suburbs of Algiers, in Imitation of
"Fort Chabrol." and defied the police. Tho
Notorious Jew-Baiter Who Was Ac
cused of Firing on the Police
"Gains His Liberty. "
, GRAGUIGANAN, France. July 26.— The
trial of Max Regis and eleven of his
friends ended to-day with the acquittal of
TRIAL OF MAX REGIS
- ENDS IN ACQUITTAL
ST. LOUIS, July j 28.— Under an assumed
name, his past prominence forgrotten, poverty-'
stricken, Mortimer D. Shaw, who. conducted
the telegraphers' strike In 1SS3, 1 passed away
hvthe city, hospital here July 13. Only to-day
was»ils identity brought to light after ho had
been burled In the potter's field. .
Karrlson fired several shots at the police
Burroundlng his house, which he had
named the "Anti-Jewish Villa/ -but after
a day's siege he fled during the night to
Spain, where he remained several months.
On slipping back to France recently he
was arrested and arraigned on the charge
of taking up.armB against the Govern
ment. He dropped his heroic character
In the dock and pleaded that the affair
had been exaggerated, and that no shots
were fired at the police. He threw the
whole blame on "the Jews. ¦
His mother, who was In court, showed
much distress during the proceedings,
which, however, ended to-day In the ac
quittal of M. Regis nnd his companions."
On leaving the court- M. Regis
harangued the crowd - and thanked the
jury, for their act of Justice.
a ted and the Town Is Razed.
BEKWAL, Ashantl. July 26.— Col. More
land, under instructions from Col. " Will
cocks, with a force of Infantry and five
guns attacked a large war camp at Ko
kofu. With a brilliant. charge tne stock
ades were ru«hed before the enemy had
time to occupy them, and therefore they
were forced to evacuate the town. A"
largre amount of ammunition and firm*
was captured. The town waa then razed
thus removing an important obstacle on
Colonel Willcock*' flank
ASHANTIS DEFEATED.
Large War Camp at Kokofu Evacu-
Postmaster General Accepts the Rec
ommendations Presented by
the Superintendents.
WASHINGTON. July 2(5.-Pnstmascer
General Smith has l^ued an order carry
ing Into effect recommendations made by
the rural free delivery superintendents
who have been In session here several
days The order, which applies to all
rural free delivery service In the country
follows:
1. It 1« ordered that beginning August 1 the
drop Mter. or one-cent rate of postaee will
Dot apr>ly within rural -free delivery limits The
two-cent pottage rate will b» exacted within
*ueh delivery on all flirt-clans matter exceDt
postal cards. *
2. That the introduction of rural free deliv
ery, will not Increase or otherwise modify the
present rate of postasre on second-class matter
S. That the rural free delivery carriers will
not bring to the postofflce mail matter col-
Wt"<i by them which may be delivered on
their routes before completing their trips.
*. That ptampa on mall matter collected bv
rural fn»e delivery carriers, including those on
matter delivered en route an named In section
3 will be canceled by them and reported to
the pM>tm»Bter. who will derive the benefit of
the cancellation If the office Is -fourth class
». That until suitable rubber cancel'ine
stamps can be supplied by the department free
?u" v .'"7,, c^ rHers w!U cancel the stamps with
the Indelible pencils furnished them for use in
registered letters.
REGULATIONS GOVERNING
RURAL FREE DELIVERY
WASHINGTON. July 2<5.—Admi
ral an4 Mrs. Dewey haVe returned
to Bcauvoir. their country home
near the capital, and gossip Is busy
with the rea?ons for the abandon
ment Cf Narragansett. where it
was supposed they were to spend
the season.
Before the Deweys went to Nar
ragansett Mrs. Dewey was reported
In bad health, which prevented her
participating: In various social Inci
dents. It was reported that she had
Improved while in Narragansett
and the home-coming was a sur
prise. To-day Washington society
was busy with a story of the ex
pected visit of the stork to the
Dewey home.
Of course the story came out in
the usual way — a visit to Mrs.
Dcvrty and the finding of her busily
engaged in examining fine bits of
lace, little garments and doll
Clothes. A friend wnlled and asked
If Mr?. Dewey was ford of dolls,
whereupon, the story goes, the se
cret was out. It was whispered In
eodety at flrpt, matrons told it be^
hind their fans to others at teas
and parties, and it became noised
about Quietly in the official family
In Washington.
Cpecl»l Dispatch to The Tall
COMING OF THE
STORK EXPECTED
AT DEWEY HOME
For Discharging: Cargtj "Without a
Permit, Ag«nts of American Ship
Chilcott Pay $2000.
HONOlvfU;. July 20.— Collector PtacV
eble thi? mornlriK fined the American
phip Marion F. Ch'.lrott $2*/iO for begin
r.ir.g to discharge her <argo of coal" with
out firt=l having obtained a permit to do
fo. There is a tariff of C7 cents a ton on
coal, and the Chileott therefore commit
ted quitp a serious violation of the law.
Jt is stated |h£t ignorance of the new
laws vaF the reason for the action of the
officers of the vessel, but the Collector
¦would not change his decision.
FINED FOR VIOLATION
OF THE CUSTOMS LAWS
Late this afternoon Mayor Capdeville
Issued a proclamation, which had an ex
cellent effect. It called upon all citizens
not enrolled In the special police to go to
their homes and places of business and re
main there. They were warned also and
advised not to assemble or idle about the
streets. The police were ordered to dis
perse all crowds and to arrest all ob
streperous and disorderly ¦ persons. As a
result of the proclamation tp-nig-ht few
pepple were found on the streets. In or
der to prevent the miscellaneous distribu
tion of arms the Mayor ordered the clos
ing up of gun stores and early in the day
Issued orders to the police to close up
every saloon in the city.
The Sheriff assured both of them that
he had the Jail bo well protected that it
would require the use of dynamite to
reach the culprit.
Jails Guarded.
At 2 o'clock an unknown white man
coming along Julia street, near Baronese,
saw a negro and without any provoca
tion began to fire at him. The negro
escaped, it Is believed, without being hit
Sheriff Klock in charge of the Parish
Prison, saw both the Mayor and the Chief
of Police to-day. There Is confined in the
prison Leonard Pierson, who was the man
with Charles when the latter shot and
dangerously wounded Patrolman Mora
before he killed Captain Day and Patrol
man Lamb. The mobs that have been
going the rounds of the city have been
anxious to get Pierson if possible and
lynch him.
One of the most sensational incidents of
the day waa the discovery' of two negroes
wounded almost to death in a boxcar on
the levee front, near the corner of Jo
sephine street. The poor fellows were
desperately hurt and only one was con
scious. He was so frightened that he de
clined to give any account of the shooting
Both were removed to the Charity Hos
pital, where It was found that both had
been stabbed close to the heart. One
was Nathan Brown and the other Charles
Washington.
An hour afterward a white man saw a
negro named Ross at the corner of La
fayette and Dryad streets and fired his
gun at him. Those on the street fled in
every direction and the negro made his
escape. Shortly after 1 o'clock Josephine
Wild, a child, while seated in front of her
home, caught a stray bullet In the face.
Two hours later Nordo Fratallo and Tony
Michel, Italians, got into a dispute as to
whether the mob was right or wrong in
running down and whipping the negroes.
One had a knife and the other a gun
Fratallo was badly wounded.
Bullets Fly Wild.
the remnants of one of the mobs gathered
at the Spanish Fort Railway, where a
large number of negro laborers dally
leave for their work at Chalmette. They
saw a crowd of darkles approaching and
started to chase them. Louis Lapuyard
got .in their way and received a bullet In
the leg. Later in the forenoon a negro
emptied his pistol Into a downtown house
and wounded a child. At 11 o'clock a mob
marched through Lafayette Square, which
is opposite the City Hall, and discovering
some negroes in the park jumped on and
beat them until they made their escape.
VICTIMS OF THE RIOT.
KILLED:
UNKNOWN NEGRO, clubbed
and shot to death.
FATALLY INJURED:
Louis Hughes, colored, shot four
times.
Baptiste Flleau, colored, aged 75,
shot.
Joseph Nelson, colored, skull
fractured.
SERIOUSLY INJURED:
T. P. Saunders, colored, aged 35,
stabbed and shot.
Esther Fields, colored, aged 45,
stabbed.
Oswald McMahon, white, aged 16.
shot.
Frank Shepherd, white, aged 42,
shot.
Alexander Ruffman, Pullman car
porter, shot.
Joseph Deeds, white, shot.
F. G. Davis, motorman, shot.
J. Cluny, conductor, clubbed.
Joseph Lewis, colored, aged 11,
clubbed.
George Morr.g, colored, cut and
shot.
Daniel White, colored, shot.
• Henry Daurin, white, shot.
William Armstrong-, colored, shot.*'
Unknown baker, white, shot.
W T T T T T-T Y T T T T^^^^TT T T T T T T w
at Baton Rouge. The long-distance tele
phone was used, and the Governor said
he would order out all available troops.
First Brigade Responds.
Without delay he sent messages to Col
onel HoRdon. commanding the First Bri
gade, and had him immediately order out
the Washington Artillery, the Louisiana
Field Artillery and the First Regiment.
At twilight there were 1500 men in the
armories. At the same time the Mayor,
in a proclamation, applied for 500 special
police. Before 4 o'clock p. m. 400 repre
sentative citizens had been sworn In. The
Mayor drew upon the leading hardware
and ammunition establishments of the
city and the specials were heavily armed
and then distributed over the clty c
Hoodlums prowled the streets through
out the day and whenever they spied a
negro assaulted him. In some cases citi
zens rallied the police and with their as
sistance beat off the hoodlums. One of
the most flagrant instances of cowardice
shown was that of a man who slipped into
the Morgue and, pointing his pistol
through a window, made an attempt to
shoot one of the female negro prisoners
In the parish prison. Just before daylight
NEW ORLEANS. July 26.— In the
rioting of hust night and to-day
one negro was beaten to death, six
were so badly Injured that their
lives are despaired of and about a
score of people, white and black, male
and female, have been more or less seri
ously hurt. Disorderly acts following the
disturbances of hist night were committed
throughout the city to-day and resulted
in the swearing In by the Mayor of 500
special policemen and the ordering out of
1500 of the State militia upon orders of
Governor Heard, who responded promptly
to the appeal of Mayor Capdeville for as
sistance in suppressing the existing law
lessness and in preventing to-night a re
currence of the violence of last night.
Throughout the day attacks have been
mude by Irresponsible mobs of whites
upen the black element, and the negroes
before nightfall had been completely
chased from the streets. The effect of th«
disorders has put a practical stop to busi
ness in the wholesale districts and the
river front, and this means a serious
crippling of the trade of the port. The
business elements are allied in force and
hundreds of the most prominent men of the
city responded to the appeal of the Mayor
for assistance in preserving order.
Colonel Wood, who commanded the
First Louisiana Regiment in the Spanish
war, was placed in command of the spe
cial police.
Police Helpless.
The police have been practically help
less throughout the disturbance. The
force consists of three hundred men, in
cluding clerks and operators, and this is
manifestly a force inadequate to the pres
ervation of the peace in a city of 310,000
people. But aside from this was the in
dignation among the members of the de
partment over the killing of Captain Day
and Patrolman Lamb by the negro Robert
Charles.
Further, there is a strong resentment
on the part of the working people against
steamship agents and contractors because
of the employment of negro labor to the
exclusion of whites on public works and
on the levee fronts.,
Mayor Capdeville was at Ocean Springs
last night when the mobs swept ovex the
city, but when he arrived at his office to
day he came with the full determination
to take hold of the situation with a firm
hand. Pie found awaiting him a delega
tion of the leading merchants of the city,
who said the interests of the community
and Its commercial welfare demanded
prompt and vigorous action. At the same
time, IJeutenant Governor Estopenal,
who had witnessed a scene of outrages
upon negroes on Canal street, Joined the
conference at the hotel. He at once ad
vised a conference with Governor Heard
One Negro Killed and More Than a Score
of Persons Injured as a Result of
the Rising Against the Blacks.
TROOPS ORDERED OUT TO
CHECK NEW ORLEANS RIOTS
4- Speck. 1 *- Dispatch to The Call. •?¦
f WALSENBURG. Colo.. July 26.- £
T At the Walsen camp of the Col-
T orado Fuel and Iron Company the
, miners do not like labor agita- a
T_ tors. Cyrus Fields came to the .
camp -about two weeks ago and _>
J^ got work. He spent his time In «
£ telling the men that they were be- T
ing' robbed., cheated and abused. J^
The men are contented and resent- T^
"*" ed Fields* assaults on their quiet.
+ Last night, about fifty mjners T^
+ caught Fields, took him fnto the
+¦ middle of the road, tied him over "J"
¦?- a barrel and took turns in spank- "*"
¦f ing him with broad, flat sticks. ?
4- When they had finished they took "*"
-4- Fields to the limits of the camp "?"
¦?- and told him to go. He went. +
COLORADO MINERS
SOUNDLY SPANK
LABOR AGITATOR
Prisoner Forgives Witnesses Against
Him and Says He Is Sure of
Acquittal.
NEW LONDON, Mo., July 26.— In . the
trial of Alexander Jester, charged with
the murder of Gilbert Gates, both sides
have rested their cases and while Judge
Eby prepares the instructions to the Jury
the lawyers are preparing for the supreme
TESTIMONY CLOSED IN
THE TRIAL OF JESTER
Says the Islands Must Be Held, at
I*«ast Until Good Government
Is Established.
ST PAUL, July 26.— Cardinal Gibbons,
who has been visiting in the Northwest,
spent to-day in this city and was enter
tained at luncheon at the residence of J.
J. Hill. Asked for his views on expan
sion, the Cardinal said:
"Of course we cannot abandon the isl
ands we have acquired; at least not. until
a "sufficiently powerful home government
had been established in each of our new
P °He CS t 3 hought the duty of America was
most emphatically that of teaching the
newly acquired possessions to govern
A question in regard to the allegations
that the Catholic missionaries were
largely to blame for the persecution of
foreigners in China brought from the Car
dinal an emphatic denial. There were he
said, about half a million native Catho
lics in China. While the Catholic prelates
had been granted some judicial authority
bv the Emperor and mandarins, this was
because by far the greater number of
Christians in China were Catholics ana it
had been found helpful to both the church
and Government to give Bishops and
others some Judicial authority.
The present troubles could not fall, said
Cardinal Gibbons, to have a deteriorat
ing effect upon the- work of christianizing
China.
CARDINAL GIBBONS 7
VIEWS ON EXPANSION
SACRAMENTO. July 2fi.-Dr. L<fck. who
has been attending to smallpox cases at
Jackson and Rio Vista for the State
Board of Health, says he has received no
news of any new cases. The old ones had
been strictly quarantined and- the patients
should now be about recovered.
JACKSON, July 26.-There is absolute
ly no reason for renewed excitement con
cerning smallpox In this town. The dls-
STs^more completely under control to
dav than at any time since the outbreak
commenced. All the cases are light. Not
onTpatient is sick enough tobe confined
to bed. There is one case in butter Creek,
two at Volcano, one at Hams Station, on
the road to Silver Lake one above Aque
duct and one between Amador Cit> ana
Drvtown. All outside cases are of a mild
, v i mo st of them convalescent. The
ifarantine is° reported to be the strictest
ever known in the State, and to this ract
may be attributed the speedy mastery of
lh A d masTmeetlng was held in Sutler
Creek last night, at which resolutions
were passed requesting the Board of Su
pervisors to hold a special meeting In that
town for the purpose of establishing a
quarantine against Jackson The chair
man of the Supervisors declined to call a
Special meeting, believing there was no
occasion therefor.
State Board of HeaVh's Physi
cian Knows of No New Vic
tims and Patients Are
Recovering.
NO CASES OF SMALLPOX
REPORTED TO DR. LOOK
Commissioner Hermann Makes a
Ruling in AccoTd With Judge
Ross' Decision.
WASHINGTON'. July 26.— Commissioner
Hermann of the General Land Office has
decided to continue for a reasonable time
the suspension of about fifty whole town
ships in 1a>9 Angeles, San Francisco and
Vlsalla land districts in California from
disposition under the agricultural laws on
representations that they contain valu
able oil deposits. A thorough inquiry into
the true character of the lands now is in
progress. Petitions and sworn protests
have been filed with the General Land Of
fice setting 1 out that vast areas of non
agricultural lands In California have every
Indication of containing valuable deposits
of oil. The land office last February or
dered the suspension of these townships
In view of the controversy over their
value as oil lands.
The action Is In line with a recent deci
sion of Judge Ross of the United States
Circuit Court for the Southern District of
California affirming the right of forest lieu
selection scrlpholders to tllo on land nor
legally known to be mineral, regardless of
placer mining locations. This was a test
case, one of the many similar cases pend
ing where forest lieu selection was made
on land alleged, to be oil land and there
fore reserved for disposal under the min
ing laws exclusively.
Tracey Elected Chairman.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 26.— At the busi
ness meeting: of the National Committeo
of the National Democrats to-day Charles
Tracey of New Tork was elected chair
man to succeed George Foster Peabody of
New York, who resigned on account of. ill
health. It was decided to establish head
quarters In Indianapolis.
CONTINUES SUSPENSION
OF OIL TOWNSHIPS
conflict of this great legal battle. Tha
argument begins to-morrow morning.
When both sides rested the aged pris
oner said:
"I am glad the ordeal Is over. 1 forgive
every one who has testified against mr*.
Their conscience and their words are In
the hands of their God and with him they
imist settle. I am innocent of the killing
of that poor boy. Gilbert Gates, and be
lieve that in time he will be found alive
and well. I expect to return to my Okla
homa home in time to preach Sunday
week."
Graham Vreeland, night editor, of the
Courier-Journal at I.onisville saw the
crowd of mountaineers January 25 There
were probably 1200 of them. He' was in
the office of the Commissioner 01 Agricul
ture and saw Charles Kinley giving the
men their guns. A man whose name he
afterward learned was Matthews called
out to the crowd in the room and said
•\\e ought to go up to the hotel and get
that Goebel."
Witness heard so many threats that
he left tTie room as soon as he could get
, Th % ?uf ens ? put Rn *> p rt Xoakes on the
«t S ienih t af , t £ rnoon a "d questioned him
at length for the purpose of laving a foun
dation to contradict his testimony
Perry Tandy. Assistant Secretary of
Statp. produced the executive Journal kept
by Governor Taylor. The Journal did not
show an order calling out troops after
the assassination., The pardons issued to
Fow-rs, Unley, Culton and Davis were
recorded. The prosecution wanted to
show the pardons issued by Governor
I^° r i m °^ Jnta l I i men who hafl been
fined in the I- rankfort police courts for
carrying pistols, but the court excluded
GEORGETOWN. Ky., July £6.-There
were several features in the evidence of
the Powers trial to-day.
Constable Davis Harrod of Frankfort,
who entered the legislative building a
minute or two after the shooting of Goe
bel, testified that he saw a man, whose
description tallies with that of Youtscy
close the door of the office of the Sec
retary of State behind him and run down
the basement steps. -
h W " l H ™ a *, ner of w «lHamsburg. the
home of Charles Finley. who arrived in
J^rankfort with the mountaineers January
-^ and spent much o f his time between
that time and the day of the assassina
t on in Powers' office, gave damaging tes
timony against both Powers and i'out
¦2; He "aid that on the Friday pre
ceding the assassination several men were
in Ffjwers office discussing wavs and
means of dereatlng Goebel before the Leg
islature, and a man in the party said"
ca JSpmebody ought to kill the <1- — d ra's-
Another replied: "I have made up my
mind to do that myself."
K T u e^ wltness said hc ' dld not know either
he had seen Voutsey recently and was al
most posun-e he was the man who made
the last remark. Witness overheard Pow
ers talking complainingly on the dav Rep
resentative Berry was unseated, and ac
"W £/h, h K "tafera**" Powers said:
thl h a \ u ah , lQ to do something if
the head of the ticket would act If h e
a^busL 1 "^ t0 expose the ITftw
— * —
Witness Declares He Heard a Politi
cian Say That He Would Kill
Kentucky's Chief Ex
ecutive.
Sensational Testimony Given
in the Hearing of the
Goebel Case.
SAID THAT HE
WOULD MURDER
THE GOVERNOR
The woman recognized the foot at once, j
She hent over it and then sank back,
gasping, saying that It had been Kmil's. |
There was an ingrowing toenall on the j
foot. The bones were not shown her, as
there was nothing about them. .that could I
possibly aid In identification. '
The woman took charge of the pieces
taken from the shark and had them re
moved to an undertaker's parlor, where
funeral services were held, arid the foot
and leg and hip bones were interred -in
Makiki Cemetery. A number of friends
The horrible story of the fisherman's
discovery startled all Honolulu. Hundreds
of persons flocked to the. beach to look
at the monster and the ghastly contents
of Its stomach, which were quickly re
moved by the police. The widow of Uhl
brecht heard of the discovery and rose
from a sickbed, went to the police station J
and demanded to be allowed to see the I
remains. She was almost in a fainting
condition when she arrived at the sta
tion and friends tried to dissuade her from
looking at the shocking bits of human
flesh, hut she insisted upon her right and I
there was nothing for Sheriff Brown to j
do but escort her to where the bones and |
foot were. i
Identified by the Widow.
- - -r OXOT.TTLU, July 20.— Emll Uhl
brecht. the well-known San Fran
risco wheelman, was drowned
last. Sunday by the capsizing of
a boat off Makauu Point and his
body was not recovered. Yesterday hu
man remains in the stomach of a huge,
shark, caught by a South Sea Islander,
who was fishing at the channel of Honolu
lu harbor, were Identified by Mrs. Uhl
brecht as a part of the body of her hus
band. The fisherman found only some
bare hin bones, a right femur with no
flesh on at all and a right foot, the latter
in a most remarkable state of preserva
tion. The shark's trrlh had bitten It off
at the ankle as clean as a blow from a
guillotine might and. being swallowed
whole, it had remained with only a few
scratches. The condition of the other
bones showed that when the unfortunate
young man's body was at the mercy of
the waves a number of sharks had at
tacked it at once and they had fought
over It. rending it Mrnb from limb. By
the shark that has been caught the foot
had been swallowed whole, but the other
bones evidently had been secured only
after a struggle over them, In which all
the flesh was torn off.
BpeciaJ Cnrr^Kpondenee of Th« Call,
government r,f Cuba.
Secretary Root devoted a great deal of
time to-day to the consideration of Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General Brlstow's
report. Mr. Magoon. a law officer of the
department, and Colonel Edwards, chief
cf the division of customs and insular
affairs, were called into consultation, and
arrangements wore made for the Institu
tion of criminal proceedings agair.st Mr.
Rathbone.
It Is reported that friends of Mr. Rath
hone will try to create the impression that
Mr. Bristow covered up all the transac
tion? that wo'iid throw any bad light on
the administration, and devoted his time
\o making Mr. Rathbone's caso as ugly as
possible. Mr. Hristow said to-day he had
r>e»n informed such representations would
probably be made. H« said he went to
Cuba to rkan up the pr.stal affairs of the
island at the command cf the President,
and what he found was contained in his
report. This report, he said, was to be
made a public document of the Senate.
"I gave Mr. Rathbone." he -continued,
"every opportunity to throw whatever
light he <-ould on "the case. If my report
Js lacking In any documents, figures or
facts it is because they were not In the
records when 1 made mv investigation or
because Mr. Rnthbone failed to acquaint
me with thVm. I went to Cuba to find
the facts os they existed. I have given
them as I found them, and have not
turned one hair's breadth out cf my way
to shelter or harm any ore."
WASHINGTON. July 2^.— Secretary °'
TVar Root issiK<1 orders to-day for the ar
rest of Estfs G. Rathbone. former di
rector general of posts in Cuba. This
order will tie carried out by the military
— . — <- —
Action Taken by Secretary Root
After Considering the Report
of Assistant Postmaster
Gensral'Bristow.
«
Ppeclal T'ifpat'-h t" The Call.
Ex- Director General of Posts
of Cuba Will Be
Prosecuted.
ORDER ISSUED
FOR ARREST OF
E. G. RATHBONE
PAJCAMA. July 26. — A treaty of penco between the Government nnd the rev
olutlnrtsTs was rigne.1 this afternoon. This action followed directly after
the most desperate battle of the entire revolution, in which the losses on
,;..-)-. Fide wore very hoavy. Under forms of the treaty the surrender of
the 'insurgents is complete. Th<»y agree to deliver up all the arms, nm
munitinn and ships in their possession. Owing, it is believed, to some misun
der^tandir.g of xho terms of the armistice brought about yesterday by the Ameri
can. Kiffiifh and French Consuls, tlie insurants suddenly renewed thc-ir at
tackr upon the suburb? of Panama about 7 o'clock last night. The fighting lasted
eleven hour*, with the exception of only a few minutes' Interval. a:id was 1 very
heavy from start to finish. Th<» rebol troops made charge a/ter cViargo upon
the trenches of the Government forces, pushing forward with remarkable
bravery and with a recklessness approaching clnpoly to madness. Every assault
rn-ns rppulpod with t« rrible loss of life, but th« rebel? wore undaunted and with
extraordinary courage and renewed vigor repented th« attack? aeraln and again.
These desperate nssiults were kept tip all night long and were met with equally
brave rep!=tarre by the regulars. In one of the lntrc-nchmonts defended by a
detnohrr.ent composed almost entirely of young men from this city, nearly every
one of the defenders was killed or badly woj:ndcd.
It was 6 n clock this morning when thr> revolutionist? wore finally compelled
To plv»» tip their attacks and forced to retreat to the positions they held when
the armistice was declared. The tide of battle was turned against them by the
arrival en an express train from Colon of right hundred fresh troops to rein
force the Oovernm^nt. These gave the regulars an advantage and the rebels
retired after eleven hours of such fierce fighting as the isthmus nf>ver saw be
fore. Thf» appearance of the battleground after thp cessation of hostilities can
b e better imnelnert than described. Dead and dying men were lying all along the
Caledonia road beyond the railroad bridge for a half mile, sometimes scattered
a few feet apart and more often in heaps, packed closely together.
How many were killed during the night fs not yet known, hut the number will
reach Into the hundreds. The exact loss may never be, known, for many of the
wounded men crawled out of the way Into thickets and those who died in the
bushes may not all be found, being recorded simply as "missing."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 100O, by 4 the
Herald Publishing Company.
Sanguinary Combat and Insur
gent Defeat Bring Colombian
Revolution to an End.
DEAD LIE IN HEAPS
ON FIELD OF BATTLE
Tlie purser was namf-d Malthy and was
lonir connected with tho customs services
at this point ami Ji.rf.m. H<> has a nrot.-i
er at Jun«»au. The Florence S was i>wn<vl
by llnmlwMt Cites of DtttrSOS, who pur
chased hor from Captain Jamt-s FalrTrorn.
Good reports continue to c<>mo from the
Tanana, on the American sMr A half
interest on Foith Crefk •was sold fr>»- $4.",t»).
Thcr.? ars claims on Faith, a l:*t«* arrtnU
says, averaging a!l the way from 150 to
$150 per day. There were a number of ricii
men on the s'.eamcr Cr»tta?e City and
packs of gold c«=tlmatfd In valvie some
where in the neighborhood of $150,000.
Among the Klendikf-rs was Mr. Knabel,
who h?s interests !n many of th» Klon
dike creeks. Ho was saiJ by his f.-l'ow
passengers to have about $"0.<>>0 m dust.
He would not say himself hnw much
then was but offered the information
that he had plenty. A. R. Reid and W.
Lalng were other rich miners. They are
interest fd in No. 0. below on Sulphur,
and had two large saeka of gold from
there. Air. RoH brought out a tooth of a
mastodon which be t««,'k out of the claim
which he was working. Another passen
ger. Dr. Harris, brought out VOSXn.
Fmm Juneuu comes news that tho
whole city an.l Douglas Island is ?ti!'. in
the thrres of the excitement caused hy
the finds in Glacier 1'n.y distrirt. Strirs
after string of boats have hurried from
Jureau to the *cene of the strike. Purser
Curtis says* that when the Cottage City
was there over "CO persons had gone to the
district. A stcrmer is to be put on be
tween Junrau and the bar. which is the
head of navigation of the Glacier district.
A tent hotel was also being put up. Th.j
district where the new strike has hee;i
made is on a direct lino between Sheep
Creek and Berners Hay. The gold already
taken out by the miners who have located
there is very bright and seems much
richer than th.it taken from the Porcu
' Commissioners Hlttman. for the United
States, and King, for Canada, have com
pleted the location of the provisional
boundary line on White Pass summit and
will to-morrow go to the Chilkoot summit
to perform the same service there. No
change in existing conditions will resuic
on White Pass, as the line was clearly
defined there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C July 26.— News cornea
from the golrl country that the mother
lode of the Klondike has probably been
found.
H. Knabel, a rich Dawson miner, who
arrived by the steamer Cottage City from
Skaguny to-day, is authority for the re
port, lie savs that when news came of A
placer strike at the head of the Stewart
River ho sent men in there and before I12
left Dawson. on July 11. one of them had
reported to him that a find had been made
on the right bank of the river near itJ
headwaters. The miner thought it was
perhaps the mother lode which ted tha
creeks of the Klondike with its treasure,
Dawson news of July 13 says the fact
is becoming more apparent with the rc
eults of every clean up on the various
creeks of the district that while the out
put in the aggregate was Inrger than last
year's by nearly 75 per cent, the actual
cost of production was so much greater
that few mine owners find a balance on
the credit fide of their ledgers and a
large majority of lay men find themselves
utterly ruined, while the wages of hun
dredsof their workmen remain unpaid as
the outcome of the winter's futile toil.
The cause of it lies in the bad laws, ex
cessive taxation and the defective lay sys
tem that ha3 so long prevailed, affording
protection to no one and permitting of
the rankest kinds of wildcat speculation
with prospective mines at the expense
largely of poor worklngmen.
The Cottage City also brings news that
the topheavy river steamer. Florence h.
on which were seventy-five Klondikers
bound to White Horso, with much gold ;
turned turtle in Thirty Mile Canyon 0.
th«* I>?wes River on July 16 and her pur
ser and two women passengers lost their
lives The other passengers managed to
reach the shore. Many had very narrow
escapes The Florence S sailed from Daw :
son on July 10. She and the Flora hail
been cutting rates and carrying a large
number of passengers. She was very top
heavy. Captain Sid Harrington, who wuh
his father, was engaged for along time
In the .steamship business on the bound
was in command. The accident occurred
during a heavy storm.
Dawson Miner Believes He Has
Located Nature's Storehouse
\ of Gold on Stewart River.
FINDS MOTHER LODE
OF THE KLONDIKE
i JAWBONE OF THE MAMMOTH SHARK IN WHICH A PORTION OF "
? EMIL UHLBRECHT'S REMAINS WERE FOUND. ?
<*> • *
gathered at the parlors as mourners over
the fragmentary remains.
The shark was a monster, weighing over
"00 pounds, and nearly fourteen feet long.
Its Jaws, when distended, might have
taken in a man's body whole. As the jaws
are now, taken from the body and held
apart, a man might pass through them
as through .a hoop and never touch the
sides. Long rows of sharp teeth show the
giant fish's terrible power as a destroyer.
Thg man who captured the monster had
a fearful tussle before landing his prize.
He is John Keneplkl, a South Sea Island
er, who makes his living by fishing. The
big shark had been seen about the en
trance to the harbor and John started
out at night to catch it. Just before mid
night the monster seized his hook and for
over an hour and a half John waged bat
tle with the shark. His small boat was
dragged to and fro with lightning rapidity
by the monster below, but John never
gave up the fight and he finally tired the
shark out and landed It upon the beach.
When morning came he cut it open and
made the ghastly discovery of human
bones.
Widow of Emil Uhlbrecht of San Francisco Sees
Ghastly Evidence of Her Husband's
Awful Fate.
IDENTIFIES HUMAN REMAINS
FOUND IN A SHARK'S STOMACH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, _ JULY 27, 1900.
HAMILTON, Ont.. July 26.— Loul» B. Scott,
a law student here, two' yean ago at Atlantic
City saved from drowning a lady named Miss
Nerfchoyle of Los Anselwi. Cal. j The lady died
recently and left Scott JTOOO.
4
JUST RECEIVED-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
830-832-834 MARKET ST.. S. F.
POPULAR PRICES.
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOtta,
plain toen. LXV and plain beela ?,".»><)
LADIES* BLACK KID OXFORDS. LXV and
plain beela 91.SO to .<,-».«>«»
LADIES* PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS.
LXV heels $4.OO $5.0O
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
*tJ2."> to -5.-t.no
MEN'S TAN and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES f3.3O $5.0O
MEM'S TAN and PATEXT LEATHER OX-
FORDS 94.0O 9o.OO
...OF...
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
Another New Invoice
* m
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Ven,
731 Market St., San Francisco.At a rneeUng- "Wednesday night of the
Improved Order of Red Men. at which
¦were present representatives cf the va
rious local tribes, it •was decided to accept
the invitation of Grand Marshal Costeiio
and enter the parade of September 10.
There are two organizations of men who
belonged to the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment of San Francisco. One is the Ex
empt Firemen, vhos? house Is on the hill
at Ihe head of Portsmouth Square, and
the other is the Veteran Volunteer Fire
nien's Association, with headquarters on
Fourth street. It wa* thought by the
parade committee that these two organf
ictiens v.-ould form one division of the
f.rcrntn cf the old days and that to these
«ro"ul<J be added the Sons of Exempts, who
are to l«e successors of the exempts and
the veterans of the paid l'ire Department.
V\zt it was found that the o'ji men on the
bill ar.d the Fourth-street contingent
would not assimilate, even for one day.
&nd it has been decided that there shall
be two divisions. The Exempts. Sons of
Exempts and the paid veterans will be in
one division and the Veteran Volunteers
in another division. It is probable that
this will be the Jast time the Kxempts
will parade as an association, as the or
ganization has dwindled down from 12W.
when the paid Fire Department went into
operation; to 77.
The Volunteer Veterans have Invited
fire organizations in Bister cities to parade
with tr.< tn. They will turn out the engine
called the Veteran, and one which was at
one time the property of Knickerbocker
Er^sr.e Company Xo. 5 of the volunteer
iSepsrtsBent:
Kir.con Parlor No. 72 has notified the
grand marshal's otf.ee that it intends to
make one cf the best and lairrest show-
Jnjrs of anv parlor in the parade. It will
have in line fM men. with the Golden Gate
military band of twenty-five piect-s, Rin
ccn Parlor drum corps of twenty mem
bers and an eiecant Coat representing the
seal of the State of California, drawn by
six horses. It will also have a new plush
banner costing HjO. which will be paraded
for the fin«t time, mounted on a handsome
polished oak banner carrier, with nickel
trimmir.gs and the latest improved sulky
wheels.
Sunset Parlor No. 2G of Sacramento will
establish its headquarters at the Lick
House banquet hall in San Francisco, on
the walls of which are magnificent paint
ings of California scenery and pioneer
scenes, making it a most suitable head
quarter?. The hall will be open from Fri
day, September 7. to and including Tues
day. September 11. and during that time
all will be welcome.
Adjutant General Seaman has advised
the grand marshal In reply to a question
that vhere are no available funds under
the control of the officers of the Xational
Guard to pay for the transportation of
troops to San Francisco to take part' in
the parade.
The League of the Cress Cadets have
signified their intention to take part in
the parade.
The rowing regatta will take place on
Sunday, September 9. The start will be
Many Events Are Being
Arranged for Admis
sion Day Celebration
by Various Organiza
tions That Are to Be
Represented.
COLLECTORS TO COMMENCE
THEIR WORK THIS MORNING
Regatta Will Be Declared
of Chcmpionshfp Na
ture, and There Wil
Be an Unusually Large
Number of Entries of
Crack Oarsmen.
made from the foot of Channel street
This will be considered by the Amateur
Athletic Association the championship re
gatta of .1900. It will be under the direc
tion of the Amateur Athletic Association
committee and the regatta commute* of
the Native Sons. In two of the races the
entries will be the largest aver known in
like events on this hay.
The sailing regatta will be over the
2f. tl l *?? ach^ co « r l^- Tn ,5 re win be fifty
Whitehall and fishing boats and «lxtv
yachts, representing the Interstate Club
There will al«=o be in line one hundred
yachts representing the California Cor
inthian and San Francisco Yacht ciubs
The finance committee at its meeting
yesterday afternoon adopted new lines to
work on for the purpose of collecting
money for the celebration. Th» commit
tr-e was increased and is now composed
of the following named:
George A. Xcwhall (chairman), Henrv S
Martin <vlce chalrnutn), P. G. r»u I»v Yrr»»«
urer). W. D. Shea Secretary). 1 B p«i
(assistant secretary). James D. Phelan r,Mre»
D. Clark, Stephen V. Coetelio. Frank H
Punw. H. G. \\\ r>!nk»!spiel. J. R. Howell
Frank W. Marston. Frank A. Vail Julius
Kahn. Samuel Ackerman. Samuel Dixon Paul
Magner, Charles Fredericks. John R. Hlilman
Joseph Greenbers. Rudolph Herrotd Jr., Henrv
Wre<ign. Charles L. Patton. Joseph B Keenari
F. \\. Dohrmann Sr.. tt\ H. t>ol!ing. Arthur
S!lverberp. iionroe Schweitzer, C. A lion
Ernest htlloathal. F. E. Beck and '\V 11
Chamberlain.
The collection districts were cut down
and none of the collectors will have more
than ten blocks in which to work. Those
who will be authorized to make collec
tions will be provided with books which
are to have on the first page of the cover
the names of those who are to collect and
the signatures of the chairman and of the
secretary of the committee. Any one not
having such a book may be considered an
impostor and no money should be paid to
him. The several collectors will start out
this morning and continue the work day
after day until at least J50.000 shall have
been secured.
Now the coming of the Valley road has
worked a mighty change in the situation,
and the long-suffering people of the city
of flourmills and wheat are being given a
service that fills them : with satisfaction,
while at the -same time it is causing a
vast amount of discomfort in the yellow
building, corner of Montgomery and Mar
ket streets. The trouble arises out of the
fact that the new line is giving a first
c'.ass service for a second-class price. In
other words, the Valley road has not
deemed it advisable to put on cars such
as the Southern Pacific Company provides
for Stockton and Sacramento people.
It Is a natural consequence that the
public evince a great preference for the
new service, wherefor there is a probabil
ltv that there will be some red hot com
petition for the Stockton travel.' By rea
son of the present unusual situation the
Southern Pacific is now seriously consid
ering a plan to run a fast Stockton train
that will : be • thoroughly competitive and
up to date in every respect. There is
some hesitation, owing to the Increased
expense, but it is understood that If the
Santa Fe service continues as at present
their big competitor will make a strong
bid for the coveted patronage. The pro
gress of the fight will be watched with
interest.: ...... . . ¦ . - "
Since the opening of the Valley road to
Point Richmond greatly Improved service
has been given the traveling public. The
residents of Bakersfield and those tribu
tary to that thriving city have for years,
in unison with people of intermediate
points, prayed for and finally demanded
a sleeping-car service between their city
and San Francisco. Notwithstanding the
travel was at times heavy enough to fill
an entire car, the old line would not recog
nize the merits of the demand on the
ground that the traffic did not warrant
the innovation. The Santa Fe people did
not take such a view of the situation,
and tbe result -was that the sleeping-car
service was inaugurated to the extreme
satisfaction of the people of the southern
end of the San Joaquin Valley and the
discomfiture of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
There is a* heavy travel between this
city and Stockton, which requires the fa
cilities of railroads and steamboat lines
to accommodate it. Since the days that
Collis P. Huntington threatened to "make
grass grow in the streets of Stockton,"
the people of that sturdy, thriving city
have received no consideration from the
old railroad company. Slow trains and
miserable rolling stock have been charac
teristic of the service, and the public
could only swear and pay. for transporta
tion, as there was no competitor save the
steamboats. *
The Valley road Is doing all kinds of
good business these days and at the same
time earning the gratitude of the people
of the San Joaquin Valley, who are re
ceiving the benefits of competition. The
freight service is given greater attention
and there is much more effort to provide
prompt delivery of groods. both local and
transcontinental. llie business of the
Santa Fe system is developing splendidly,
and by reason of the introduction of East
ern railroad methods of obtaining and
handling traffic they are finally awaken
ing the Southern Pacific Company to a
realization of the fact that there is such
a thing as actual competition in this field.
HUNTINGTON IS
BEING WORRIED
BY COMPETITION
Valley Road's Fine Service
Causing the Current
Trouble.
? held their late convention in Oro
? v:l!e Olympus Parlor decided to ask
? the Park Ccrnmi«!oners to have
- the big- pleasure resort appropriate
- Iy decorated for the jubilee celebra
? ticn on the Sth of September.
? Accordingly upon the return of
? the Natives to this city a deleg-a
? ticn called upon the Psrk Comrnls
? cScr.crs, the Board cf Public Works
? and the Supervisors and requested
? that special efforts be made In the
? matter of appropriate landscape
? gardening and that money be set
? aside for the payment of the ei
? penses. Their prayers were heard
? and gardeners were set to work so
t> ss to have little fioral bears, scrolls.
1- Sutter rr.llls and Native Son des:gr.s
? worked in plants and shrubs.
•- It fell to the lot of three of the
? gardeners, a Russian, a German
r and a Scotchman, to lay out the
*¦ bed for a huge American f.ag on
? cne of the slopes near the conser
? vatory. The biue field was forget
>¦ ine-nots. and the red and white
? stripes cf flowers and. plants cf
? these hues. The American floral
? T.zs has bloomed, and truly it Is a
? thing of beauty, but It has a fatal
? defect In construction.
? There are fourteen stripes or bar*.
? ir.Htead of thirteen, which represent
r the original States of the Union.
? It is believed that the alien garden
•» ers are all expansionists.
Q OLDEN GATE PARK has a
fioral freak which has r.o
co-jr:terpart In the United
Stales. It is a product of Na
tive Son enthusiasm ar.d alien
igr.orance. When the Native Sors
FREAK FLORAL
FLAG GROWING
IN THE PARK
day afternoon preven;ed from committing
euidde in Golden Gate Park. He was In
the act cf ctit:ir.g his throat with a sharp
kr.ife, when N'crtcn. who had followed
hiss, suspecting that he intended to com
mit suicide, grebbed him and succeeded
In takir.g the veapen from him. Phillips
was taken to the Stayan-street station
er.d as he exhibited symptoms of insani
ty he was conveyed to th<? detention ward
ot the Receiving Hospital, where he was
pieced !n a padded cell.
Shortly after being locked up Phillips
tried to strangle himself with a bed Eheet.
v.r.ich he had torn into strips and then
t:>d around his threat. He was cut down
and placed In a etraitjacket.
The man is evidently Insane.
O. O. Phillips, a Despondent Rancher,
Slakes Two Attempts to
End His Life.
Through the timely Interference cf
Perk Policeman Norton. O. G. Phillips,
a fruit grcwer of San Jose, was yester-
SAVED FROM SUICIDE,
HE TRIES IT AGAIN
Dr. H. J. Sartori. who visited Mrs.
Townsend's home early Sunday morning
in respor.se' to a ca'.l from Miss Rattigan,
found on his arrival that the lady was
dead. The doctor denies a sensational ru
mor that the presence of morphine pills
In the bathroom not far from Mrs. Town
5end's body influenced him to send for
the Coroner. It was simply the fact that
it was a sudden death that made it a case
for the Coroner. Dr. Sartori is sure that
the death was due to natural causes and
Dr. Sartori's Story.
The jury may not be called upon to take
testimony for some days. Coroner Cole is
In the country, but has authorized Jus
tice of the Peace Barry to act as Coroner
in his absence.
Mrs. Murrav. daughter cf Mrs. Towp.s
er.d: Ml5s Nellie Raturan, Mrs. Towns
rr.d's cor.f.iier.t!al frier.d. WA Cay street: Ting.
Mrs. ToTrr.send's Chinese servant: Deputy Cor
oner Brown: Dr. Sartcri. who was called in
by Miss Ra-tti^an to atter.d Mrs. Townsend:
Dr. J. P- E. Heir.tr, who v.slted the Townsend
home with Mrs. Murray won after the death
of Mrs. Townser.j; Dr. McCor.e. who has at
tended Mrs. Towrser.d; Autopsy Surgeon Dr.
Inland ar.-i Chemist Green.
The witnesses who will be summoned to
testify are:
Ed-ward TVolf, 2?I Front ftreet: Fred B.
Ha'.pht. 214 Front street: J. H. Xewbauer, S2S
Front street: F. B. Dalian. 232 Front street: E-
R. Grace. 116 California street; A. J. Caliaehan.
;~0 Sacramento street: M. Marcu»e, 26 and 2S
California nreet; Ed Srr.:th. 110 Davis street;
John M. Ratto. n Clay street: J. J. Duffy. 3>t
Vtsh'.-gtcn street. They ¦will meet this after
noon at J o'clock at the Coroner's office and
rroceed to the cemetery.
Judge Jeremiah F. Sullivan, attorney
for Mrs. Murray, yesterday appeared in
the Coroner's ofxice and demanded, in the
name of his client, that an Inquest be
held to determine the cause of Mrs.
iownsend's death. The request was
granted, and Chief Deputy McCormick
summoned a Jury, ¦which will this after
noon visit Laurel Hill Cemetery and view
Mrs. Townsend's body, which is reposing
in a receiving vault there. Testimony
will not be taken until Chemist Green is
ready to submit his final report concern-
Ing the analysis of the stomach of the de
ceased. The jurors who will consider the
case are as follows:
Mrs. Ella F. Murray, daughter of the
late Mrs. Alraira S. Townsend, has en
tirely changed her course of action in the
matter pertaining to her mother's sud
den death on last Sunday morning. In
stead of continuing to keep the last mo
ments of her parent shrouded in mystery
she yesterday demanded a full and pub
lic investigation.
"Wants an Inquest-
Attcnity Pippy says that the identity of
the person who saw the alleged will and
who has knowledge of its probable hid
ing place will never be known. He has
given his promise not to divulge the per
son's name. When he shall appear in
c&urt ar.d apply for an order to search for
the will it will be upon information fur
nished by this mysterious person, yet to
bo given him.
Judge Bahrs yesterday issued an order
of court appointing Samuel M. Shortridge
and George H. Pippy attorneys for the
absent heirs of the estate of Mrs. A. S.
Townsend. Information placed before
these lawyers convinces them that Mrs.
Townsend made a will which is in exist
ence and may be produced in sp*te of all
effort to conceal or destroy it. Knowledge
in this regard was derived from one who
was very exose to Mrs. Townser.d and one
in whom Ehe had implicit confidence. Miss
Rattigan is not the one referred to as the
possessor of the secret, as the relations
which she sustained toward Mrs. Town
send did not call for unreserved con
fidence in regard to all business affairs.
So confident are the attorneys that a
will exists that an application may be
made to the Superior Court to-day for an
order authorizing a thorough search of
the California-street premises to the end
of bringing forth the document. Ample
testimony can te produced to prove that
a will was drawn for Mrs. Towr.send by a
well-known local lawyer. " It may not be
necessary to call the lawyer who drew
the will "as a witness, because the attor
neys for the absent heirs believe that a
diligent search on lines revealed to them,
will disclose the document.
j 9 w ATE last night Chemist 9
i B—^ Green submitted his pre- ?
j T liminary report in the case of ¦?¦
: "f- Mrs. A. S. Townsend. to the ?
£ Coroner. He declared that i
"?" there -were no traces of mor-
•*- phine or alkaloids to be found +
0 in the stomach cf the deceased, q
Mrs. Murray has announced that the re
mains of Mrs. Townsend will not be
taken East for burial. The lady savs
she wants her mother to find her la'st
resting place here In the land she loved so
well and where everybody so revered and
esteemed her Mrs. Murray will also have
the body of her daughter Mabel brought
out here for interment and grandmother
and granddaughter will lie side by side.
Dr. McCone. who "was Mrs. Townsend"s
physician, is at Taliac at present, spend
ing his vacation. To a telegram from
The Call asking if he had ever prescribed
morphine for Mrs. Townsend and if so in
what doses he sent the following tele
graphic reply:
TALLAC. Cal., July 25
Editor The Call: I decline to make any
statement until my return to rlty on Monday
DR. MeCOXE.
The body had not been moved before
Deputy Coroner Brown's arrival and Dr.
Heintz had sent for an undertaker. Be
fore any one was permitted to touch th^
body Mr?. Murray wished the Deputv
Coroner to see if Mrs. Townsend ha«l anV
keys on her person when she died. None
were found. Deputy Coroner Brown ha*I
the body placed on a board, where it re
mained undisturbed until Dr. Leland can:e
to make the autopsy. The box of mor
phine pills was taken to the Morgue Sun
day afternoon and has been there ever
since. There is no inscription on the box
to tell where It was purchased or who
prescribed the drug-. There are indica
tions that there was formerly writing on
the box that has been scratched or torn
off, but nothing to indicate whether th»
erasure was recentlv made.
Deputy Coroner Brown v'sited Mrs.
Townser.a's home at 4 o'clock Sunday
morning. At that time Mrs. Townsend
had been dead about two hours and a
half. The body was lying, face downward,
on the floor of the bathroom. Brown
noticed that the lips of the dead woman
were discolored. Dr. Heintz, who was
there, said that this •was probably due to
her fail. Mrs. Towr.send was apparently
going toward the door of her bedroom
when she fell. In the bathroom, were a
washstand and a bathtub, at the foot of
the latter being a medicine chest. On
the washstand were several bottles of
medicine. The box that contained the
morphine pills ¦was on the washstand,
some inches from the medicine bottles
and by itself. It was still in that posi
tion when Deputy Coroner, Brown viewed
it. It had been taken up and opened pre
viously by Dr. Sartori. who had examined
the contents. The box was a small paste
board affair, about an inch and a half in
diameter, of white material, having a
gl't streak around it. In the box were
something like a dozen pull Miss Rat
tigan. who was present when Deputy
Coroner Brown arrived, told him that, to
her personal knowledge, the pill box had
been for two years upon the bureau of
Mrs. Townsend in her bedroom, which ad
joined the bathroom, and that it was a
souvenir of some friend of Mrs. Town
send who had died years ago from mor
phine poisoning.
What the Coroner Found
"The taking away of the stomach for
analysis," gai.l Dr. Leland. "did not sig
nify that I thought there was anything
suspicious about the case. I visited the
home of the dead woman on Sunday. At
first I carried away only the contents of
the stomach for chemical analysis, but
reflecting upon the publicity the case
would be sure to have, I thought it would
be better to take the stomach to the chem
ist. The idea that Mrs. Townsend could
have died from morphine poisoning is ri
diculous. Morphine is slow of action and
death would not have occurred within
many hov.rs. The usual time is from two
to twenty-six h&urs, and some authorities
put it fr6m four to twenty-six hours. Had
Mrs. Townsend taken morphine it would
have been reasonable to suppose that she
would have sought her bed when she felt
the narcotic influence stealing over her.
The box of pills was found on the wash
stand in the bathroom, where Mrs.
Townsend died. The box was taken, with
its contents, to Chemist Morgan yester
day, who pronounced the pills to be gela
tine coated morphine pills. Before I
made the autopsy I examined the body
for marks of violence, but found none. 1 '
'"Undoubtedly," said the doctor, "Mrs.
Townsend had a severe attack and sent
out to get morphine to alleviate the pain.
There was no concealment made con
cerning the morphine pills which were in
the room where the dead philanthropist
lay. Miss Rattigan pointed them out to
me and talked calmly and freely about
i hem. I am confident from the history of
the case," said the doctor in conclusion,
"that Mrs. Townsend died from heart dis
ease."
Dr. L-eland, who made the autopsy for
the Coroner's office, says he found noth
ing to indicate that death came from any
other than natural causes. He found the
heart much enlarged and after his exam
ination of the body he concluded that
death was the result of natural causes.
certainly not to morphine poisoning-. The
doctor argues that had Mrs. Townsend
been poisoned with morphine pills self
adminlstered she would not have been
likely to ask, as she did, that Miss Rat
tigan summon a doctor and ask that he
bring morphine with him.
The younger Republican eiement of the
Thirty-second Assembly District met last
night at 322 'Hitch street and formed a
Julius Kahn Club. The following named
officers were elected: President. James
Galvln; vice president. Patrick Hogan;
recording secretary, James Burke; treas
urer, Michael Hicks; sergeant-at-arms.
Thomas Nolan and ; Henry Baker.
Julius Kahn Club Formed.
¦ITilrty-thlrd— K. J. Heywood. Joseph L. Fltx
gerald. William E. Strle and Edward A. Kav
anauph.
Thirty-fourth— Thoma? L. Wood, D. W Er
vln. W. E. Kemp and Frank E. Cordes.
Thirty-fifth— L. E. Munler. D. W. Hart, Cal
vin Etrtner Jr. and K. W. Winter.
Thirty-sixth— John R. Blanchard, James • B.
Sykes, Clarence E. Chapman and Theodore B.
Thirty-seventh— Edw. T. rhidley, A. E. Ban
j3ir.!n, William S. 'Webster and Walter A.
Feterpon. .
Thlrty-elKhtb-Horace G. Shelly, Dr. A. F.
Axton. E. B. Franklin and George W. Hayden.
Thirty-ninth— F. L. Lester. Charles Goldberg,
Dr. Charles K. Holsmaa. Walter R. Carter.
Fortieth— E. E>. Montrose, Michael Splro, W.
H. Robinson and William J. Wrin.
Forty-first— Henry Gerlach, Charles Burdett.
Robert E. Campbell and Charles P. Matthews.
Forty-second — Harold D. Mitchell. Ed B,
Finlay. E. W. D. Cusheon and E. C. Phelps.
• Forty-third-George J. Fogarty, Edw. T.
Xlemann. William Betz and L. G. Ratto
Forty-fourth— George M. Tiffany. L. A. Al-'
bora. John B. Knaul and W. T. Young.
Forty-fifth— L. A. Terry. L- E. McChestney,
Henry Williams and E. T. Chaptn.
The league strongly indorses the candi
dacy of John B. Carson for Superior
Judpe and Edward T. Dudley for Justice
of the Peace,
Thlrty-nrst— Charles Plckard. Charles F
Jenne. Richard J. Murphy and John Gaffney Jr
Thirty-second— Edw. \V. Williams, John L."
O'Neill, William J. Magill and J. D. Ouer
rero Jr.
Twenty-ninth — James E. Barry. Charles E
Miller, TV. E. Anderson and James F. Hopan"
Thirtieth— John J. Ferris. J. J. Crowley Wil
liam F. rtoten and Edwin P. Marks.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— Stephen
P. Feeney, Thomas B. Kerr, Howard C Green
and James AIcLure.
Republican league Appointed
In accordance with a resolution recently
adopted by the executive committee of the
Young Men's Republican League of San
Francisco Clubs, "President Frank K.
Spenser has appointed the following cam
paign committee to look after the inter
ests of the league In the Assembly dis
tricts throughout the city:
Campaign Committee of Young Men's
PREPARING FOR ELECTION.
After a committee of three on by-laws
had been appointed the club adjourned to
meet again next Thursday evening In
Harmony Hall, Mission street, near Thir
teenth street.
Speeches were then delivered by E. I.
Robinson, Fred Waibel. R. Bruce Mc-
Clelland and G. Muller. In his address
Mr. Robinson threw a hot shot at the
Republicans of the Thirty-fourth District
who met a week ago and perfected an or
ganization. He said he did not believe
in poolbox stuffing or dishonesty in elec
tions. He charged that the other Repub
lican faction had stuffed its rolls and were
dishonest in every turn they made. He
therefore was not In accord with the other
club. .
Resolved, That a committee of thre* tx» ap
pointed to lssu« an address to the voters ot
the district, promujgatlng a declaration of prin
ciples and our position in regard to the elec
tion of delegates to the State, Congressional
and Legislative conventions.
Whereas. The Republicans of the Thlrtv
fourth Assembly District of the city and coun
ty of Ean Francisco, harin? organized a club
for the purpose of securing the co-operation of
the repre«»ntative voters of the district to as
sist in securing the election of McKinley and
Roosevelt, the national, legislative and Judi
cial ticket:
A motion was then made by Mr. Robin
son that an executive committee of twen
ty-one members be appointed by the
chairman and the appointees be notified
of their selection by the secretary. The
motion was carried without opposition.
Louis H. Anderson offered a resolution
endorsing: the standard bearers and it was
enthusiastically adopted. He then sub
mitted the following resolution, which was
also adopted:
Representative Republicans of the Thir
ty-fourth Assembly District met in Mis
sion Turner Hall last night and effected
permanent organization. Nearly a hun
dred well-known residents of the district
•were in attendance and helped whoop
thing3 up for McKinley and Roosevelt.
The roll, which occupied a prominent po
sition on the secretary's desk, contained
more than 250 signatures of the leading
business men in that section of the ci:y.
John J. Moran called the meeting to
order. He appointed K. I. Robinson, Jo
seph Becsey, William Brown Jr., James
Kane and R. Bruce McClelland as a com
mittee on organization. The committee
retired and then reported In favor of the
selection of John J. Moran for president
and the following additional officers: Vice
presidents, David McLennan, A. J. Allen,
L. H. Anderson. George A. Rutz, H. \V"
W. Rutterman, William Bock, Gerard
Muller and Frank Zann; secretary, Clif
ford McClellan; treasurer. J. H. W. Mull
er and sergeant at arms. Otto Krapft.
The report of the committee was adopted
unanimously.
sembly District Hold an Inter
esting Meeting.
M1SSION REPUBLICANS.
Members of the Thirty-Fourth As-
Senator R. Porter Ashe has been ad
vised by many leading Democrats to en
ter the contest for Congressional honors
in the Fourth District. It is said on good
authority that the Senator will accept the
nomination if the convention shall name
him as the choice of the party.
There is an active contest lor the Re
publican nomination for State Senator in
the district composed of Marin and Contra
Costa counties. By common consent
Contra Costa County has an "inning" this
election. Assemblyman C. M. Belshaw,
who has made a clean record In the As
sembly, is in the field as a candidate for
Senatorial honors and is supported by
many leading citizens, who believe that it
is eminently prop?r to recognize the value
of legislative experience and to return to
the .Legislature a man who is capable
honest ar.d fearless. It is known through
out the State that Mr. Belshaw i* a
man of excellent Judgment and sterling
character.
The legislative committee will meet Sat
urday. August 4, at 2 p. m. at the head
quarters. Palace Hotel. ~
Hon. Frank H. Gould, Ean Francisco, chair
man; James H. Budd, San Jcaauln; Dr. G«orge
Grotefend, Shasta; Isidore Dockweller, Lob An
geles'; Charles W. Fas - . San Francisco: John
W. Keegan, Sonoma; \\\ H. AlfonJ, San Fran
cisco; John A. Hicks. Santa Clara; T. O. To
land. Ventura: E. C. Farnsworth Tulare- D.
H. Arnold. Colusa; R. F. Del Valle. Los Ange
les; John B. Curtin. Tuolurnne; J. F. Coon&n,
Hurr.bolit; Seth Mann. Alameda.
E. Curran participated. Mr. Sims an
nounced the appointment of the following
legislative committee:
headquarters at the California Hotel was
broken by a conference in which Chair
man J. C. Sims; M. F. Tarpey, National
Committeeman; Frajik Gould and Thomas
The monotony at the Democratic State
Henry J. Crocker, chairman of the
finance committee, was on duty yester
day. Among the callers at headquarters
were Dr. George C. Pardee, J. Alva Watt
and Byron L. Oliver.
his desk early and late at the Republican
headquarters in the Palace Hotel. There
is talk that Colonel Stone will henceforth
direct the affairs of the campaign.
There was a renewal of activity yester
day in political circles. Colonel George
Stone, refreshed and inspired by his re
cent conferences with Governor Roose
velt and other leaders at St. Paul, was at
R. Porter Ashe Ready to Accept
Democratic Congressional Itfom-
x * ination in the Fourth
District.
Republican Chairman Re
turns to Duty Refreshed
by His Eastern Trip.
RENEWED ZEAL
AT POLITICAL
HEADQUARTERS
BERKELEY. July I5.-A black fur col
".^re-.te, supposed to have belonged to M!sa
Bessie Warrtr.. ¦who -pr&s drowned near
Belvedere. July 15. was found on the rocks
at Point Isabel this mcrr.frg- at 7 o'clock.
It was c'scovered by Arthur Percy, tbo
10 " 11^ 11 a^ tte Vigorit Powder WorksT
The fur is of the ordinary type of coi
larette; just covering the "shoulders a:;d
with a hig-h collar. It wa^ lir.ed t\-th
purpim Bateen. badly stair.ed bv th« act:cn
o. the water. There were r.o marks on it
by which it could be identified
When found the far was full cf sand
and rocks, caused bv washing back ar.d
forth en the beacii. In spite of t'r.e fact
that It had evidently b*en long- in the
water an. odor of perfumery bUU clung
to the fur.
The collarette was taken charge of by
Frank Gallapher, the bookkeeper of the
Vigorlt Powder Works. Gallagher re
£:<3es at 20K Krancisco street, this city.
The current from Belvedere extends to
the upper West Berkeley shore, so that
en article lost in the bay near the former
p-la.ee should lar.d near Point Isabel.
Picked TJp ca the Rocks at Point
Isabel — It Will 3e Taken to
Tiburon fcr Identifi
cation.
Believed to Have Been One
of the Garments of
Miss Warren.
DAINTY, SCENTED
COLLAR OF FUR
WASHED ASHORE
!No Chance That Mrs. Townsend
Died From Poison Adminis
tered by Herself.
Attorneys for Absent Heirs Appointed Who Will
Search for a Will— Prospect of Legal
Fight for Wealth.
CHEMIST FOUND NO
TRACE OF MORPHINE
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 27, 19OO.
5
INSURANCE COMPANY
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF XUGDEEURO, GERMANT. ON THE
31 st day of December. A. D. 1S39. ,and foi
the rear ending en that day. as made to the
Ir.surai ce Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections €10
and Sll of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commlzstoner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash trso.eoo oo
ASSETS.
Real E5tate owned by Company C3,*C« CO
Ixsans on Bonds and Mortgages 8.1S1.0M CO
C.tfh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 121.070 37
Cash In Company's Office 13.405 «T
Carh In Banks M.135 M
Interest du* and accrued on all _
Stocks and Loans •!* 73
Premiums In due Coarse of Collec-
tion KS.CS5J3
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 3.743 70
Due from ether Companies for Re-
insurance • 843.S7S SO
Total Assets |10,W5.K> «
LIABILITIES.
Lorses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $S7,S77 23
Grofs rremiums on Marine and In-
land "Navlcatlcn Risks. I : re-
surance 100 per cent IZ.»O 13
Gross premiums i>n Marine Tims
Risks, $ : re-lnsarance 50 per
cent T>.3?3 T3
Liability under ether Branches 1.CM44 V>
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 197 K»
Due for re-Insurance 9,460 59
Total Liabilities t9.ta.K3 4C
IN-COME.
Net cash actually received for Ma- _
rlne premiums $539,773 C5
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 134.912 27
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Leans and frcm
all other eources 44.O1 4J
Received from all other sources MS3.li; 43
Total Income $3,112,110 15
EXPENDITURE?.
Net amcunt paid fcr Marine Losses
(Including losses of previous
CAPITAU
Amccnt of Capital Stock, paid up la
Ca " h ; KSO.C0OM
ASSZTS.
Real Estate owned br Conspanj 53T 1U sa
Loans ca Bonds and Mortjrajes l.lS4l*s* m
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company X.349 5» 23
Cajh in Company"* Office • S, ft
Cash In Bank. ; j^g] g
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans « «3 -*
Premiums In due Coarse of Collection Sm'oot f»
Due from other Companies for Re-tn-
• ur *° co CQ3M
Total Assets J4.MT.M4 11
LIABILITIES. ""
Less** In process of Adjustment or
In Susr~Ti«- 1G1C30 04
Oro-w tr»mlum» on Firs Risks run-
nln»r one year or lew, t ; i^-ln-
rjrane* » per cent I.OJ.C3 M
Grots premiums on Fire Risks ran-
nlnar more than or.e year, t
r»-ln»ur«nc^ pro rata '. jr r« %>
Cash dividends remaining nnpaia.... Tm? k*
All other denands against tn* Con-
P* 2^ • rM.7M»
Total Ltabriitles .rc.SC3.3t* U
IXCOME. ~
Net cash actnally received far Fire
premiums u ne* «C3 is
Received for Interest on Bonds and ' ""
MortKa<es 47 401 |i
Received for 'Interest tnd dhrldends
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans and from
all other sources................. 'tTM *i
Received from all other sources 57.5O a
Total Incone .».1».5C2 44
EXPEND!: LIKES. " ~
Net aTscBnt paid for Fire losses (ln-
clndln? UXl.tH 91 losses of previous
Tears) CJ?M«3 74
Dtvtdends to Stockholders S1J.JCO 00
Pati or allowed for Commission or
Brokerape 7S4.«j; t3
Paid for Salaries. Fees, tnd other
chanrM for officer*. cSCTks. etc S9.771 13
PaU for State. National and Local
tax-» Se.m 38
All other payments and expenditures 213.593 41
Total Expenditures H.53.S12 (4
H. VATKE. President. ~~"
RCDOLF BERNDT. Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7tli
day of April. 19C0.
GEORCJE H. MTTBPHT,
tT. F. Vice Consul at Magdebarc-
OT MAGDEBTTRG. OERMA.VT. OJT THE
Slat day of December. A. D. 1839. ana for
the year ending on that dar. as raade to th« In-
surance Cornnilssicner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant .to the provisions of sections Co
and eil of th« Political Code, condensed u oer
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
RE
INSURANCE COMPANY
MAGDEBURG F
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STATEMENT
THE^EMPOBITJll; j TH5 EMPOBI^PM.
| The Big Department Store's
| Unmatchahie Offerings for Friday.
K 1OC and 12c 36-inch Percaes, m « B#>^-Jr Tho special School Book Ladies' 25o lawn Puff
ts £*f»*»r* g*i***£ ' standard good3— n^%^mE%M%Mm and S'haol Station- il#o#»&iAr **-*»• TiOS, a good
If y \F % ' » fiae patterns, — > - ery D.'psrtnent is ™ ec « w e a f qai i ity of white
* iO-Ctay bC. also an assorted ft3>Q0§{$ located oa naia floor, 'O'UayUGi lawn. ?cld regular-
X lot of printed organdies and lazens jost back of rotunda. \y at 25c each, sale price, Fri- o
t/ and crinkled seersuckers; regular value and /f\ day „ £* C
J, 10c and 12c per yard— on epe- -, School I V%Ji /* Satin Sows, oar regnlar 25c grade,
5 cial sale to-day, Friday OC e«««M«*« I'A^J/ well mad.3 and durable, color* tan, nile.
£ Supplies. '!::,>,£/ emerald, navy, cream and blaclc, o
A All of the an- '</ «a!e n-ire to da* */€?
* $ 1.00 Framed Choice Life thorized t e xt U^— SalM Tables-Main Ai ? !e.
| Pictures, 48c. . H%?t The Ladies'
V white, a larje and handsome assort- Primary, Grain, Straw *JF%?£
»: ment. framed with glass in IJ fancy J?" Hl £ h r*SJ£r 2? r K ~LZ£ ? Hats 1Oc. cg)^
J. ornamental ebony molding, size 9Jx Schools for the t, ltl \j m_£p' Oa tae to-dav >^s->, <J?£>
H 11$ inche?, regu'arly $1.00 -« coming: tfm are . . s£=^\
g each;.on Friday ony....: 48t2 now < n »!e. A'l kind* of school stathc- ,ot 7^Q^*Cx
§. Picture Department-Second Floor. crv and Echooi 81J PP lie3 at dtparimmt o f Jaiiea* , ha< j e r^^2S~4-^
f store p-izes. and othe . QgS^}
•» . straw hat3, ¦_.
I Gr 4tiH<: a %f? Q?T StGd Ruchinns antf Tj c'ore rot iw- 1 to^'wh.Vr /*"$&gigf^
k suits, Z>IJ.UU. Skirt Ruff Unas °' al lin?s of tOn k^^/
£ The round- „ «n- ff Rachirr ani . J-™' . r T^"^ ., ,
5 cornered /J|L &% HaifPrtCe. Skirt RrSine* Radios' Sa*iOr>s-An aborted 'ot,
Back, cat- Mfj P/J we will place then on sale to-dav onij, sl 'S h:1 7 fo51e £ t ?' so °«v fine faacy
i away frock C V VV F f ; day , at " " * ha ? es > were $ 1X0 to gfij each, to-
f llrfsui" Ms/f\ "*" MceS - L^ios-'s^uors-^^f^
K sold regu- I !&• '''// 1 /\ black and wtite, all of then this se3-
X larlv by us / / y J I \ fon'3 style?, were $1.00 each, special
It at ' S^OOO I fa I A \ I \ _ mm* * I T- i.1 1 • tO-daT -38C
* rV n^ V nf ,*« / I'M ' F; Fre^ WatcheS Until c'mipk time SeC or.d'Floor.
«^-tStA>JUy m^^rt shafts s*^ — M
X imported^. *-\Js&J A\ \ School Suit. evrrr School Sxt «2fS
». black wor- y^ijj.l/ \il, purchased in ow Ciothin* Department an -,??•? OT , I "• V \\
g steds. finest \ \''4/!-\\ 1 ' 1 American ocen-faced. iu-l--; 2 *2. nicke'- Children's ;.<
» ,inicga, all 1 / i / plated Watch, a pood tfnekeeper. fully Go'ton vMl
X size a i -on J « guaranteed for one year. HoSC SSfS
$ SSfi iS ' ' I ! W ? ° ffer a - tbor ?^ h ' V 1 -i ? ble well-made Children^fxT^b.d.ex- t|I
i F '^, a " £f O on 'ong-weirmr. all-wool 2-pi-ce Su.r fancy tr& h fa ,. black \',.U
H Saturday &iv$m9*f cas3.mpr3 or fast b'ne chev 0', d>uole i cottoa £ ose donb . e p^i,'
K Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. seat and double knees— Mzss -_ j k fc } d SQ . ,/j
% for boys 8 to 16 rearer.. 9**1**9 m^ f a d)ab . e ; !
tf 80 Other <Me* 2-piece smts from twisted Maco yarn, soft EM
5 Msn'S AH-WOOI "Working $2.45 to $7.5O each. and elastic, siz">s 6 to MH
ts P'?nf*Z $1 45 Pant?, made An al'-wool fancv caa^ixere or b!us cbeviot 9}. on sa e for ibu i''\
*? * * ' of al!-wool 3-piece Slit, knee pant% coat and v^t, day only— per dczm, S*£jA
fe fabrics in dark and light colors, well cants hava donb'e ?eat3 and Vt«»s -'r 1 - j $1.6"S — rer pair >^; V- , J
ft" made, serviceable $2.50 trousers — on i 5 h!y cut and well raade, for $4m&5 f&G* /n'0?2^
&* erecial ?a'e Friday and e - —— .....*. i 4,-,- CA : ?jS
% Saturday &i.**O 2 O Oiber sfyltS 1-biece suits from \ S<^tzoi Enhance.
it Second Aisle-Right of Entrance. $3.95 to $10.00. ~ JT~ r
I' Boy.' lonj pant^ Sails for ages 13 to 19 FHJay's SalO Orders
U C4~~**~,t:~~~x, Snrh an o^Ter ear? » made of »"-wool blue »~<\ f<n>v ChOSCG CrOCeHeS *** D ® .,
I sXZfL^tiel' 5 »" SS 5K£fi correct in *tjU, $4.95 and Liquors. °/; t-.
Si mass QJ LauieS .v* _ a f >.;, rerfect in mak« acd finish.. „ _ , , _ . - -.
f FlneShoes. '£".£,•& 3%rl '<%>*> °<?' n I, M « f'° m \ t^0i^^±^i
2», fore, to oar knowledge, teen made in $0.00 to $15*00. at 10 a. m.. 2 fln-i a d. ra.
*» K^E^ this city. Thoasand* cf Second Aisle— R«sht of Entrance, SHREDDED COf OAXUT — Schepp*3 latest
* l^W) P a '" in e ' evea °f th - ' imnrcv^d. fo-^T, per lb 12XS
% E.»\fl Dewe5t st - v ' es i' jst Ti - SODA CRACKERS -Fresh a=d crwr>. |
5* H *\H ceived frcm the rcak- -#o# p«w-» cvXi w«%-i b->T»i«. t-v-rfav 35c
* i^x^Sssi €r? ' no old ft -°^"- SneCSalSajG Boys School cocoANUT WAFERS -Nice and fr«t"
S? fiW E0 hastens, notai Boys' Golf and £.,"•" lb 14 C
tf K/' W\ ? , no short lots; th.y Sailor CspS. co o , P * r d COVE OYiTER^-Farren's 1-lb tin,. r c -
*.* )^ *• were bought by us at , , j i v « • u i » «..u nans for 25c
6 SW Si zon the dollar, b ? - , fan =I pla d^ IMPORTED FARDINES-The fiie.r. in
t- ®Tl^ caa ' e ths firm for 'y 2o3 each, on spe- jg&§§ ru * oi-.w oil. t 2 cans for 25c
£ Sv^\ whom they w^reinaie c c n: ?ale trii3 - v ani QStg&Z" GRAHAM OR WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR—
fc* "^i^Jgi retired from business -aturaay 13c .^—"5 ..-^^s*^ Ernporian brand, to-day
K before 1 he shoes were .¦ -tO- tb sacks 22 C
5 ' finished; they are the Bovs' Sailor Gaps, fe't j!&':'".'JJ ZIXFANDZL CLARET — Eitra cbo.ee
Is* best food? that can be prodnced to Telescope Hats and jff * quality, cur regu-ar 50c grade, to-^ay
6 sell at their regular prices. Our sale the iarge felt S3iors, * psr gallon 33b
X prices — a dnimmer'3 sample lice, worth regularly p au i J O ne3 4-STAR PURE RYE— 12 yeara
t? $2.50 shoes. .$1-69 S3.5O shoes... S2.37 from $1.0-"* to $2.50 each, on spe- c - old. regularly $1 25, to-dav. per rottte
£ ;3.Oafihoe-«..Sl.9S *5.0) shce^.-.S3.35 rial ?a'e Friday and Saturdiv.... 99OG ,'.........83o
it 1 First Aisle— Rljrht of Entrance. Hat Department— llaln Floor. Main Floor— Rear.
g- Don't Feic to i?P^@5^f^S^M^ i^j§ School Children
% Advertisements in and Given Careful
K Saturday's fp'^ ©oSdcnifciilc Bazaar. -^ Attention in School
&: Newspapers. caufornia*s largest-America's grandest store. Sapply Departments.
GUTTE & FRANK. Managers,
Pacific Coast Department.
303 CALIFORNIA STBEET.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
r DR.PJERCES ;
QfMLDEN
MEDICAL .
'DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOQO.nVER.LBJMGS;
year?) MC1.1S3 SC
Dividends to Stockholders :07.iO0 OC
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brokerage S9.914 SS
Paid for Salariw. Fe*s and other
charfn tor offlc-rs. clerks, etc.... 14.60? !6
Paid for State. National and Ixx-al
taxes !.ST1 j;
All ether payments and expenditures 1.429.5C1 a>
Total Expenditures S2.O44.9C* «
Marine Lowes Incurred dartre the
year »O.1S? (5
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount cf RluJts
written during the
year K30.K7.«?I I54J.4K SS
Net amount of Rl«k» - »- • -
expired during the
year M.MO.UO CC9.4I8 0
Net amount tn force
December SI. 1899 >.243.SM 11I.3C3 Jl
~~~~ TH. DAMMANN. Manager."
SubKrri'bed and sworn to before roe. this May
day of Tth. 1900. EMIL ALT. Notary Public.
aUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS.
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call, .81 per YearThe anti-imperialists who are talking of nominating
a "third ticket" are away behind on the count. There
are already ten in the field by the last tally.- ; .
It may be all right with bench and bar, but matters
begin to look as if some lawyers and some Judges
were afraid Chretien might confess too much. *
One of the duties of the Republican party in this
city is to prevent the railroad and the bosses from
controlling the Legislature and gerrymandering the
electoral districts for the next ten years.
v The Grand Jury is doing all right 'on the probate
frauds, but all the same it must not lose sight of
Chinatown. There are a good many violations of
law in that quarter that are decidedly unhealthy for
the community and should Ije made more so for the
perpetrators.
If there is any judicial matter which should be con
ducted economically and concluded promptly it is the
settlement of estates by probate. A family, inexpe
rienced in business, h usually left behind by a dead
man. Its estate is tied up. If productive its profits
decrease, debts accumulate, fees pile up, costs multi
ply, and by the time distribution arrives there is little
or nothing to distribute, as many widows and orphans
have found to their sorrow. The system is an abuse
and should be reformed.
Collateral heirs with shady rights, if^any, are en
couraged to fight wills, and by every possible process
the distribution of estates is delayed, while they are
depleted by every means that the court will permit.
If a list of probated estates and the cost of the
operation could be made, it would be a startling
showing.
AGAIN we insist that the attention roused by the
Chretien case should not lapse until certain
non-criminal abuses in the probate courts are
corrected. It will be noticed that the costs called
legitimate in settling the Sullivan estate amounted to
nearly 50 per cent of the value of the estate. The
same extravagance runs in the settlement of estates
as a common thing in all our courts. It adds a new
terror to a prudent man's deathbed. Men .with large
holdings are being criticized for incorporating their
estates. It is merely a step showing ordinary pru
dencd and is done avowedly in fear of the costs of
going through the probate courts.
PROBATE COSTS.
W. B. Storey Jr., former chief engineer
of the - Valley road, departed yesterday
afternoon for Topeka, Kans., where he
will assume the duties of chief engineer
of the Santa Fe system. His promotion
was due to his excellent work in the-con
struction of the Valley road". '
R. F. Neslen, general agent of the Bur
lington line at Salt Lake City, Is here
looking at the modern railroad offices
with a view of reproducing some of their
beauties in an office -for his company in
the Mormon metropolis.
J. Charles Roper, D. D., accompanied
by his sister. Is at the Occidental. Mr.
Roper is prominentin Eastern church cir
cles and is one of the professors of the
General Theological Seminary of New
York City. ,'""/
B. N. Garsten yesterday assumed the
duties of coast traveling freight agent of
the Illinois Central Railway.. He Is from
Des Moines, Iowa, and one of the bright
men in his line of business.
Captain Botirgeolse of the French Ma
rines, accompanied by his family, arrived
from, Tahiti yesterday on the Alameda
and Is stopping at the Occidental.
Henry Moet, French Vice Consul at
Honolulu, arrived on the Alameda laot
night and Is stopping at the .Occidental.
C. C. Crane, the New York Central hus
tler, has gone to Portland to stir up busi
ness among the webfeet railroad men.
Frank M. Cameron and J. "W. Barbout,
well-known merchants of Hanford, are
registered at the Lick.
Rev. M. C. Dotten, pastor of the Episco
pal church of Riverside, Is registered at
the Occidental.
J. CJ. Griffith, a leading lumber mer
chant of Los Angeles, is a guest of the
Occidental.
¦\V. TV MInuse, a well-known wine mer
chant of New York, is registered at the
Palace.
Charles G. Bonner of Fresno, well
known in oil circles, Is a guest of the
Grand.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is reg
istered at the Grand.
R. M. Saelzer, a prominent mining man
of Redding, is stopping at the Grand.
John J. Cooley, one of Mari'sville's best
known citizens, is stopping at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. Clark of Gilroy is at the Grand.
0 »j ) L»^jy.^^ V .»»^¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ ¥ »»^AMMM^»^MMM^»»»»»»¥^»^^APr^»¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥ ©
RA. CAMPBELL of Chicago has made a study of the stars as they stood
at the time of Bryan's nomination, and reports as follows:
The chairman of the Democratic National Convention at Kansas City
° officially announced his nomination on July 6, at 8:45 p. m., standard
time, which is eighteen minutes faster than local time at that place. The local or
real time on which this horoscope is based Is, therefore, 8:28 p. m., July 5, 1900.
The Ascendant is in Aquarius, the day sign of Saturn, and that planet Is there
fore the lord of the horoscope and the slgnlflcator of the nominee. Saturn is the
¦worst possible planet to rule in any matter, as he always stands for malignance
and misfortune, and he is wholly the signiflcator .of defeat, disgrace or ruin. Tha
mldheaven is in Scorpio, the night sign of Mars, and Mars is therefore the lord of
the tenth house (the house of secular dignities) and the signiflcator of the office
in question. Mars, next to Saturn, is the worst ruler and the most unfortunate
signiflcator in the planetary system. Saturn, the main slgnlficator. is retrograde,
and Mars, the second significator, is angular in the fourth house, which is in mun
dane opposition to the tenth house, of which he is the ruler. The moon, coslgnlfl
cator of the nominee, Is Cadent in Libra— the fall of Mars and the detriment of
the sun. The sun, cosigniflcator of the office, is Cadent in the sixth house, in the
eign of Cancer, which is the fall of Mars and the detriment of Saturn.
It would require an exceedingly good array of the clearest evidences and of
the strongest arguments to balance and offset these fundamental, weighty and
absolutely adverse testimonies. To overcome them, changing this plain and
6trong sextet of negations into an affirmation, would be simply impossible.
The good location of Jupiter in the tenth house is more than offset by his be
ing retrograde; and Uranus retrograde in the same sign and house confirms this
m ThaTinany of the masses will support him is shown by the orbltular sextllo •
of Saturn and the moon; but the moon and Venus are both Cadent, in mutual re
ception and Venus retrograde All this much weakens the argument, which, when
considered with the last above mentioned combination, renders the whole of lit
tle encouragement for his success.
THE STARS AGAINST BRYAN
* • * -K
I A Chicago Astrologer Reads Defeat of I
| *** the Free Silver Champion. *** *
Blmeby Queen she makum plan
Think LI Hunff too ole man.
Takum yellow Jacket 'way.
Li Huns Chang not inuchee say.
Queen she smile and waveum fan.
Think LI Hung ole man.
Ol' Li Hung he muchee sad.
Mlssura Jacket welly bad.
So he sit an' heap much think,
Bimeby makura muchee wink;
Call him cousin. Bosee man.
Tellum he heap flghtum can.
Hoxee man he ketchum 'bout
Million cousin all come out.
Blingum hatchet, blingrum sun.
Makum Chinee almy lun.
Klllum white man ev'ly day,
"White man no much like that way.
Sendum man an* talkee Queen.
Askum: "What heap killum mean?"
Queen no sabee what he say,
"Whlta man talk an' go away.
Bimeby heap big almy come.
Heap much cannon, heap much dlmn.
Queen she gettum much aflald,
Says: "LI Hung much tlouble mada.**
Callum him to talkee then.
GJvum Jacket back again.
Tellum go an' see if can
Stop htm bloody Boxes man.
Though him muchee no moh young.
No can fooloo ol* Li Hung.
—Boston Market Review.
WILY LI HUNG CHANG
The*State issues of the time may be small in com
parison with those involved in the national contest,
but they are important to California, and should be
as carefully considered as are the great questions of
protection and sound money.
The only way to make sure of honest politics, to
bring about the election of worthy Judges and of
loyal Republican legislators, is to fight the bosses in
the district clubs, fight them in the primaries and fight
them in the county convention- should they succeed
in getting any power there. Every business man,
every professional man, every workingman — all the
forces that sustain genuine Republicanism Bhould
enter upon the campaign_at once. Every voter of that
character should register, enroll in his district club
and take an active part in the selection of delegates to
the convention.
The Business Men's Republican Club has demanded
good nominations for Superior Judges and for the
Legislature, and has - accompanied the demand with
the express promise that if worthy men be nominated
the club will support them. That implies that if un
worthy men be nominated the club will not support
them. The warning will not have much effect upon
the bosses. They will nominate their tools if they get
a chance, and then the business men will be in the
dilemma of having to choose between two evils.
They will have to resort to the old process of letting
Democrats have a triumph for the sake of rebuking
Republican bosses. Such rebukes are not so severe
to the bosses as the business men think, and in this
emergency it will not be severe at all, for the Demo
cratic bosses are as close to the railroad as are Crim
mins and Kelly themselves, and a victory of one set
would not be very different from a victory of the
other. )
The only power that can effectually guard against
the combined bosses at this juncture is the Republican
party. That fact is well understood by the bosses
themselves, and accordingly the schemes of the astute
politicians of the railroad are designed to get control
of the Republican conventions, so as to be able to
put up candidates who in the Legislature will obey
railroad dictation. To accomplish that all the bosses
in this city have been combined, and whatever may be
the condition of affairs in other counties, it is certain
that in San Francisco the gangs of barroom bummers
and loafers that are back of Crimmins and Kelly can
be beaten only by the earnest efforts of the better
elements of the party. If there be any indifference to
the legislative or county tickets the bosses will have
a triumph that will endanger the national tickets also.
ALONG with the keen interest which every con
servative citizen must take in the contest
against Bryanism in national affairs there
should go an equal interest in the affairs of the city
and the State. The Call has repeatedly pointed out
that the Legislature which assembles this winter will
be charged with the duty of fixing the Assembly,
Senatorial and Congressional districts, and that the
Senators to be elected this year will hold over and
thus have a vote for the election of a United States
Senator. We have in this election, therefore, to
guard against the danger that the railroad managers
and the bosses may get control of the Legislature and
arrange the electoral districts to suit themselves, and
thus gain an immense advantage in all elections for
ten years to come.
ST0TE ISSUES AT ,STf!r\E.
Revenge is sweet. Local hackmen, the knights of
stiff prices and big fees, are protesting against a mu
nicipal tax which has been levied upon them* . .
Our flour trade with China, it is said, has been ut
terly destroyed by the existing troubles. The ob
jectors should remember, however, that the door to
the Asiatic empire never was wider open than now
and that nobody is'keeping them out
Mrs. Frances Meyer of Illinois wishes to be nomi
nated for Governor, and it is to be hoped she will
be satisfied, for her platform is as lovely as. a divided
slcirt. She is quoted as saying: "I belong to no party,
yet in me and my principles are centered all the best
elements of the five preat parties in our country. I
would be an independent Governor, but by principle
I am a Republican and Democrat of the highest
grade."
The Business Men's Republican Club in this city
has demanded that care be exercised in the selection
of candidates for Superior Judges. That demand was
based upon evidence published by The Call in con
nection with the probate frauds. It is now evident
that equal good care should be taken hereafter in se
lecting Police Judges. Case shirkers on the bench
are about as disgraceful to a judiciary as anything
that can be imagined.
There are two things about the matter the public
would like to understand— first, why should Police
Judges seek to shift and shirk any duties of an office
to which they are so eager to get elected? Second,
what is there about the Chretien case that renders
every official so eager to let him alone? The Bar
Association has not been eager to deal with his
offense, the District Attorney was for a time at any
rate far from displaying any great amount of activity
in prosecuting the charges, and now it appears the
Police Judges do not wish to hear the case. There
must be something very peculiar about the relations
of Chretien to bench and bar since there are so many
peculiar things in their way of handling him after The
Call has exposed his offense and forced him to an
open confession.
The proceedings in the matter were for a time as
farcical as they were serious. Police Judge Fritz de
cided he could not hear the case before he took his
vacation, so he passed it on to Judge Conlan, and that
dignitary came to the conclusion it would be inju
dicious for him to hear it, so he "passed the back*'
to Judge Cabaniss. who declared he would have been
willing to try the case had it been regularly assigned
to him, but was afraid such a proceeding on his part
would be irregular and make, trouble. So they one
and all made excuses, and it took a lecture* from the
acting Mayor to get them to take up the case.
Cabaniss will hear it. Conlan, to whom it was as
signed, managed to make a successful shirk of it, and
is doubtless feeling happy.
So serious did the affair become that the acting
Mayor (Tobin) was compelled to summon the
Police Judges and require of them an explanation of
their conduct. When they appeared before him Mr.
Tobin is reported to have said the affair of Chretien
is a reflection on the bar of the city, and that it is
due to the bar as well as to the public that the ac
cused be given a speedy hearing, so that if he be
guilty punishment may not be delayed. All that is
irue, but the acting Mayor should have added that
the shifting of the case from one Police Court to
another is a reflection on the bench, and that the
Judges should have some regard for their own repute
as well ?.s for that of the. bar.
OUT of the Chretien case there has arisen a
side scandal hardly less disgraceful to the ad
ministration of law than the probate frauds
themselves. In riie ordinary process of law Chretien's
examination must take place before a Police Judge,
and it would seem to be the easiest thing in the world
to have accomplished it without delay. For some rea
son, however, the Police Judges did not wish the
case; one after another of them shirked it by shifting
it along, and for a time it looked as if Chretien would
go free from a lack of a Judge willing to try him.
(\ JUDICIAL SC^NDflL
FRiDAYTi JULY 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
VIBLICAT1O* OFFicic77»i£rtMrt nnd TUlrd. ». F.
IVIrplione Pre«» -O»-
EDITORIAL SOOMS....21T to 221 Ste^e.-o- St.
Telephone Pre«» 20J.
Delivered br Carrier-. 15 Cent. Per Weelc
Slnirle Copied. 5 C»«H.
Term- by M»H. Inclndlas Poat*«et
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year W-W
DAILT CALL (inclu-ilr* Sunday). « mcl *ht »™
PAK.T CALL Unchains Sunday). * montn* i-w>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month °?9
6CNDAT CALL One Y*-er J-jJj
VTEEKX.T CAIX Cne "5>ar ••• *-""
All poitmutcn fire fiotliorleed to receive
• nhacriptioBB.
e«apl» ocular *rtil l'« forwarded when requested.
Kan •vbscr'.bcre la ordering ttomag* O* .J3m« rtoda 1»
particular to rive t*** NEW AND OLD ADDKESS In order
to insure a prompt acd correct compliance witfc their requert.
OAHXAAU OFFICE \X\S Bro»dwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
H«n*£«r Fore : jrn Advertising:. Marquette Bunding. ChJcigo.
(Lccc Distance Telexes* "Ceatral S613.">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
NETV TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 39 Tribune Bui!dir»2
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efctraan Ho«e; P. O. News Co.; Great Norther* HsKel;
rretocst Ucom; Audltotiuia HcteL
NEW TOHK NEWS STANDS:
TTaldorf-Afiort* Eotei; A. Brentens, «. Calem Square;
Murray HUI Hotel. ________
WASHINGTON [D. C.t OFFICE Wellington Hot».
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
lill »\TH OFnrr K -£!< Mcntccmery. cerr.»r of Clay. c»n
entH I.80 o'clock. SCO Hayes, cpen cnttl t:ZO o'clock. «"
UcAlliiter. oj-ea cnMl »:S0 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
t » o'clock ;S4l Mission, cpen until 10 c^clcclt. tI61 Market,
eorcer Sixteenth. r.p<n until 8 o'clock. ZOSC Valencia, open
Bstil i o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, cpen until * o'cloclt. SW cor
ner Tweaty-«fcccn<i act! Kentucky, cpea until i o'clock.
But, seriously, silver is doing quite well for itself.
Mr. Bland, amiable and ambitious gentleman, is dead,
physically; may he rest in peace. Mr. Bryan Is equally
deceased, politically; may his dreams be pleasant.
But, after all, that was^a close shave that Mr. Bland
prepared for the country just to show Mr. Randall
that his light could not be hid under a bushel. That
little clash of ambitions and Mr. Randall's praise
worthy habit of paying his debts cost the United
States Treasury three hundred millions, gave the
country a scare in 1806 that makes it shiver yet, and
had in it the potentiality to close every bank between
the two oceans, suspend specie payment and make the
treasury go broke, if Mr. Bryan had been elected four
years ago. Mr. Bland's scheme had in it as much as
that of Douglas, for the ruin wrought by the Civil
War was hardly greater than would have followed the
success of Mr. Bland's plan to "do something for
silver."
THE GOLD DEMOCRATS.
BY unanimous vote the National Committee of
the National Democracy decided at Indianapo
lis on Wednesday not to put a ticket in the field
themselves nor to combine or fuse with the anti
imperialists. The sentiment of all of them, with but
one exception, was declared to be that all Democrats
who stand for sound money should in this campaign
be left free to support McKinley and give the death
blow to Bryanism. The one member of the commit
tee whose sentiments differed from those of his col
leagues declared his opposition to the nomination of
a Presidential ticket to be due to a determination to
vote for Bryan. Thus out of the nineteen committee
men who were present representing the conservative
Democracy of the country eighteen stand for Repub
licanism in this contest and one goes over to the Bry
anites. The division of sentiment among the party will
I probably be in about the same proportion, so that the
j gain which the Bryanites will get from the sound
j money Democracy will be overwhelmed by that which
I will accrue to the Republican ticket.
The one deserter from the cause of sound money,
W. D. Haldemand of the Louisville Courier-Journal,
explained his course by declaring: "My heart goes
out to those who struggle for liberty in every nation,
I and I applaud and approve the expression in the
Democratic platform sj-mpathizing with the Boers."
It thus appears that the Bryanites did really catch
one gudgeon with that bait. ' It is not easy to under
stand, however, what any sane man can expect Bryan
to do for the Boers, and, accordingly, Mr. Haldc
mand's explanation will be regarded aS- nothing more
{ than an excuse for getting back into the ranks of
Bourbon Democracy of his State. He has not had
I the courage to be faithful to his convictions, and sur
renders under a pretense of having found a new issue
superior to all those embodied in the Bryan platform
adopted at Chicago znd reaffirmed and reiterated at
Kansas City.
\ Not many Gold Democrats arc likely to follow
such leading. One of the ablest of the party in New
England, Frank Jones of New Hampshire, formerly
a member of the Democratic National Committee',
recently declared: "The attempt to make the issue
of imperialism seems to me to be an effort to force
to the front a political quarrel as to what this country
ought to do three, four or. five' years from now, when
everybodvagrees as to what it \ ought to do now.
Porto Rico is our territory, Cuba is to be delivered
over to the Cubans shortly, and as to the Philippines,
: So Mr. Bland concluded that he would use the
coinage committee to do something for silver and
! turn a little place into a big one. It has always been
j believed that aside from not intending to do harm,
j his motive was solely a personal one, to show Mr.
I Randall that he could not be squelched under the
j weights nor jammed into the measures over which
that little committee had jurisdiction.
Hence the Bland act, the compulsory purchase of
silver, its coinage into dollars and all that followed.
The Government entered the market as a compulsory
purchaser of the metal, to the amount of the Ameri
! can output. Silver ran up a little .at first, and then
began to fall. But Mr. Bland's bill was doing as
much for silver as ever, still it fell. It got below a
i dollar. Then Mr. Bland concluded that something
more must be done for silver, and the Sherman act
was passed. This second dose increased the decline
of the patient, and silver still fell, though the Govern
ment was buying it aid storing the bullion, against
which it issued currency certificates. Then Mr.
I Bryan appeared in the, field, with eyes aflame and lanes
i atilt, announcing that something must be done for
I silver, and tve had the campaign of 1806. On the ap
! pearance of this new champion silver nearly gav e up
I the ghost, and went down faster than a stock-ticker
! could follow it. The dollar made of it shrank to
I about 45 cents, and except that law held a gold dollar
! behind it that would have been its purchasing power.
! Being down, it stayed down. Its friends stood around,
like the seconds at a prize-fight, and counted the
time, until it was counted out by the single gold stan
dard bill. Its rival metal walked off with the belt,
and Bryan was left lamenting.
Now that his defeat is certain, and rrobody is doing
anything for silver, and there is no more prospect of
its free coinage than there is of Sullivan entering the
I ringand beating Jeffries, silver is looking up. It is,
j in fact, getting to be a good thing in the market. A
silver dollar is worth 30 or 40 per cent more than it
was in 1896, and is still rising. It buys that much
more in the exchange of its intrinsic value than it
would buy in 1S96, had we been then and were we now
: en the silver standard, as Mr. Bryan desired that we
j- should be.
'¦¦ But all his breath was spent in cursing a dollar that
1 would not stand still, but increased in its purchasing
power. He represented silver as a virgin metal, in
capable of such a caper. But silver denies this by its
present conduct. Had we been on the silver standard
I four years ago a dollar would have bought 45 cents'
I worth of commodities, and now it would buy at least
40 per cent more. Go to, Mr. Bryan, with your
vestal dollar that cuts such capers among decent
people!
WHEN Bland concluded in 1878 that something
must be done for silver it was about $i 25 an
ounce, but little below par with gold at 16 to 1.
•The value of an ounce of pure gold being $20.6864, it
follows that sixteen ounces of silver at $1.2929 per
ounce equal in value one ounce of gold. So that in
j 1878 silver was only the decimal below the gold par
j at that ratio. Mr. Bland had been put at the head of
I the committee on coinage, weights and measures by
j Speaker Randall. Morrison and Randall had been
competitors for the Speakership. Bland had sup
ported Morrison, and Mr. Randall— well, he always
paid his debts, both ways, so Mr. Bland was put at
the head of a committee that makes a report about
once in ten years. He was mindful of the example
j of Stephen A. Douglas, who was demoted to the
I Committee on Territories, and from that small place
[ tore the Missouri Compromise to tatters, reopened
' the slavery question, ?nd, ten years after Mr. Clay's
I omnibus bill passed, had the country in a civil war.
SILVER RISING.
The common sense of the country agrees with these
views. The real issue is Bryanism as opposed to
prosperity, conservatism and national honor. The
'election of Brj r an wouid be even more dangerous now
than it wquld have been in 1896, and among the
stanch sound money Democrats who opposed him
then there will be very few who will vote for him
now.
A similar view of the. comparative importance of
the two issues was stated - by Oswald Ottendorfer,
editor of the Staats-Zeitung, who in discussing the
course the German Americans would take in the cam
paign said: "While German-Americans dread im
perialism more than anything else they have an idea
that it will take years to inculcate imperialistic no
tions in our Government. They also think that the
most rabid expansionists will not dare to go too far.
But with free silver it is different. German-Americans
always feel uneasy when the financial question is be
fore the country. They are a saving people, and the
uncertainty of the value of their savings is bound to
pgitate them. They insist upon a dollar of any kind
of money being worth 100 cents— no more and no
less."
Mr. Bryan does not propose to bring our army and
navy away from those islands immediately any more
than Mr. McKinley does." • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1900.
CAUFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. July 26.— E. Westphal
13 at the Raleigh; W. Davis" Is at the Na
tional. Both are of San Francisco. Pe
ter Weldner and wife of Los Angeles are
NEW YORK, July 26.— L. D. Parrott of
San Francisco Is at th« Fifth Avenue. N.
B. Blackstone of Los Angeles is at the
Murray Hill.
CAI/IFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
6
TEMPUS FUGIT DUM LUDEMUS
(TIME FLIES WHILE WE DALLY).
—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend'v"
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tta*
Press Cllpplrig Bureau (Allen's). &10 Mont*
comcry it. Telephone Main 1043. •
AilUSEMENTS.
Tivoll— ••TVar.j;.' 1
Alratar— "The Country Girl."
CohunW*— ''Hti Excellency, the Governor."
Ori.hfun» — Vaudeville.
Grar.3 Oj>era- house— ¦'The Gsvat Ruby."
Cal!?orr.:a— "Rush City."
Olympia, eorser Masoa «?-.3 Eddy streets— Sj-«'a!tiea.
Chutes. Zoo t.v.1 Tbealer— Vandevtlla every afternoon and
ev«ilri£.
FisviieT' r— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Ox^n rights.
AUCTION SALES.
By BuIIIvaa & Doyte-Sitnrfiay. July Z8. at 11 o'clock,
lif.rfes. Hacks, Harness »tc. at University Stabics. Palo Alto.
.......................................................
I THE SUNDAY CALL I
LEADS THEM ALL.
yv • "i ""I /v
y x r \
V ' \ / X
W Next \/ Next \|
Sunday's Sunday's
will. Lflllo
The Order of The Chinese
Alaskan Moose. Emperors.
The Latest Sscret Society and It* Most Intensely Interesting Pictures
Curious Ceremonies. Ever Published.
What Oar Troops Shooting Niagara
Need in the Orient. Falls Whirlpool.
By General Sternbsrg. Surgeon* Experiences of Peter Nissen in His
General of the United States Wonderful Trip Thraugh the
Army. Fapids.
Exciting Experience of Twj Woinaa Works as Carpenter
Girls in ths Latin Quarter. to Support Her Sick Slcsband.
Fashion's Parade Book Reviews
in the Park. By B. G. Lathrop.
SEE THE GREAT COiMIC SECTION SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION
iTri ___ [rn^ ir _ Ti n _ M - 1Btm , __ r^ g , '' !Reception to Mrs. St. John.
A reception will be tendered Rev. Eu
genia St. John, lecturer and evangelist
of the National Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, by the San Francisco
Union this afternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock
in the parlors of the First Congregational
Church, corner of Post and Mason streets.
A literary and musical programme will be
rendered and Mrs. St. John will speak.
An invitation is extended to the public
to attend,
Cadets Going to China.
A farewell reception will be tendered
this evening to William Carey, Joseph
Nichols and George Cram by the mem
bers of Company A. First Regiment of
the League of the Cross Cadets, at their
armor}', 614 Van Ness avenue. The three
young men are going to China as mem
bers of the commissary department under
Major Gallagher, chief commissary on
General Chaffee's staff. Messrs. Nichols,
Cram and Carey were prominent members
of the organization and their fellow mem
bers are polng to bid them bon voyage in
suitable fashion. . , > '
Comrades in the First California Vol
unteers Take Old Dispute
Into Court.
The case of A. N. Adams, charged •nith
grand larceny in stealing a bass horn from
W. Hollister, bandmaster of the First
California Regiment, was dismissed yes
terday by Judge Mogan, who advised the
parties to settle their difficulties in a civil
court.
Adams had taken possession of the horn
to satisfy an alleged claim for services In
HollLner's place as bandmaster for two
months -vrhilo the regiment was in the
Philippines. Adams yesterday attached
the horn to satisfy the claim and the in
strument is now held in the Sheriff's of
fice.
BANDMASTER'S HORN
SEIZED BY SHERIFF
The Building Has Been Entirely Re
modeled and Has Every Con
venience for Study.
The Polytechnic High School, corner of
Bush and Stockton streets, will reopen
Monday next, with accommodations for
400 boys and girls. Kxtenslve alterations
have been made, and the graduates of the
school, after a three years' course, are in
line for the engineering college of the
University of California and the ad
vanced technical colleges of the Eai«t. The
entire first floor is devoted to the develop
ment of "machinists and blacksmiths and
the shops are fitted with the latest ap
pliances. The second floor has been fitted
up for the carpenters and pattern-makers.
The third floor is where the girls may be
come accomplished in industrial arts.
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL ..
REOPENS ON MONDAY
The reunion of the members of the An
cient Order of Workmen at Los Gatos last
Wednesday was a successful affair. Sev
enteen carloads of people went from this
city and at the pleasure grounds they
were joined by a large number of the resi
dents of the visited city and vicinity. The
visitors were met at the depot by the
membership of Los Gates Lodge, A. O.
U. YV\, and Olive Branch Lodge of the
Degree of Honor and escorted to the pic
nic grounds, where lunch was enjoyed.
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon there was
dancing under the direction of W. H.
Kruse. the floor manager, and his assist
ants.' Later in the afternoon there was a
reception in the local lodgeroom. where
there was a liberal supply of fruit, cake,
lemonade and delicacies. After the re
ception there was an address by the chair
man of the reunion committee, Walter
Malloy; oration by Grand Master Work
man C. E. Snook, a ballad by Miss F,
Shean, "a few kind words" by Grand Lec
turer W. H. -Barnes, topical songr by
Orand Receiver Booth, remarks by Grand
Recorder Spencer and by Mrs. M. Stew
art. P. S. U. of H. Then followed games
and dancing:.
WORKMEN'S REUNION
AT LOS GATOS
COME DIRECT FROM MILAN
TO APPEAR AT THE TIVOLI
Avedano, Salassa and Nicolinl, the
• Famous Italian Singers, Reach
San Francisco.
The distinguished grand opera singers.
Signers Guadenzio Salassa; Ferdinando
Avedano and Alc-ppandro Nicolini. arrived
Wednesday evenrn<? direct from Italy.
They are at the Palace Hotel. Accom
panying: the singers is Dr. Luiffi Maicllo.
Af. the special request of the famous com
poser, Verdi, he has come to San Fran
cisco to watch over 'the health of the
singers, who are special favorites of the
great Italian composer.
Slgnors Salassa and Avedano are well
known in ?an Francisco, where last vear
they scored a great success at the Tlvoli
Opera-hou?e, the management of which
has brought them out apjain for the forth-
romingr prarxl opera season, which will
b«?grin next Monday. SIgnor Xicolinl has
never before visited this city, and musi
cal circles are much interested in the
debut here of the great basso profundo.
J Sigrnor Salassa and SIgnor Avodano.
through an Interpreter, declared that
after the very hot journey across the con
tinent, It was like "entering Paradise to
get a breath of the fresh salt air of San
Francisco." Both the singers have been
the pu^sts for many months of the com
poser. Verdi, at his beautiful home, Monte
Catini.
"I had many offer? to sing." said SIgnor
Salassa, "and so had my friend, Avedano,
but the maestro desired us to rest with
him. so that we could interpret his works
to the audiences this season in San Fran
cisco while we were In good condition.
"If we had puhr- during the season in
Europe, we would have required a long
rest; as it is. we have had our rest, and
are ready for our duties."
Salassa. Avedano and Nlcollnl will ap
pear next Monday, at the Tlvoli Opera
house, in the opening bill, which will be
Verdi's "Aida."
While in Rome. SIgnor Salassa was
offered the role of Scarpia In Puccini's
new opera "La Topca." but desiring to
enjoy a well-earned rest, the great bary
tone declined the honor.
? THE CLERMONT. |
tons. At the time of the Introduction of
the railway it was considered remarkable
that an engine could make twenty-five or
thirty miles an hour. At the present time
we are familiar with speeds as high as
eighty and ninety miles an hour.
The freight cars of the present time.
Instead of carrying five tons, are built to
transport frcm thirty to fifty tons each,
and the freight train has Increased its
load from 100 to 2000 tons. This marvelous
development in speed of travel and In vol
ume of trainload has been accompanied
by an equally grreat Improvement in the
comforts of travel and in the speed and
regularity of traffic movements. Freight
trains carrying 1000 to 1300 tons of freight
are dispatched 1<XK) miles or more accord-
Ing to a schedule that is as strictly ad
hered to as are passenger schedules.
Effects on Commerce.
Transportation is the handmaid of trade
Whatever enables this handmaid to do h<?r
work cheaper and quicker enlarges the
scope and volume of the worlds com«
meree. When one considers that it cost
nearly four times as" much In 1ST3 to ship
wheat from Chicago to New York as It
does twenty-five years later one can read
ily understand how transportation has re
moved the hindrances to inland and for
eign commerce.
Effects Upon Industry.
Another effect of the modern transpor
tation system has been to make possible
and to hasten the substitution of produc
tion on a large scale for production on a
small scale. The manufacturing carried
on in the homes and in the small factories
is everywhere frivin? way to the industries
of the larpe factories. Jn nearly all forms
of industry production on a large scale by
means of preat aggregations of capital i*
th? rule. In manufacture. In mining and
lumbering this is notably so. In the mer
cantile business and to some extent In
agriculture there is manifest a tendency
to extend the scope of the Individual busi
ness organization. It is improved trans
portation which has made this possible
The substitution of production on a
large scale for small industries has been
accompanied by another important indus
trial change consisting of the localization
of the leading hinds of production In
localities possessing special advantages.
As long as the crude materials of indus
try and the commodities to be marketed
could be transported any considerable dis
tance only by slow and expensive meth
ods ,it was necessary for all forms of in
dustry to be as widely distributed as pos
sible, in order that producers and con
sumers mipht b«! kept close toeether; but
tho modern transportation system has
largely changed this. Now the various
industries are respectively located where
the net balance of advantages is greatest.
This localization of industry has resulted
in an international and a local distribu
tion of productive enterprises. The peo
ple of the. I'nited Kingdom have long
since decided to devoto themselves mainly
to manufacture and. commerce, buying
most of their food supplies of people liv
ing in regions ¦ where agriculture can be
carried on more advantappoualy. In New
Kncland and the northeastern part of the
United States a similar industrial fhange
is in progress. For two decades the va
rious woolen industries o.f the United
States, for instance, have been rapidly
concentrating in New England and" the
North Atlantic States, while those States
have at the same time been buying in
creasing amounts of flour, meats and
other foods from the Western States.
The manufacture of iron and steel in the
United States is now largely confined to
Pittsburgh Cleveland. Birmingham. Chi
cago and a few other cities especially fa
vorably located as regards fuel supplies
and shipping facilities. Numerous other
similar illustrations will suggest them
selves to the reader.
Transportation and Production.
In the recent writings of the political
economists much more attention than was
formerly piven has been devoted to the
influence which the consumption of poods
exerts upon their production. Realizing
that mankind as a whole produces in or
der that it may consume, economists have
made a study of the wants of men and
of the ways in which they seek to satisfy
N'ext Monday night the local camps of
the Woodmen of the World, one of the
recognized fraternal organizations of the
United States, will give their friends a
big theater party at the Grand Opera
house. In this the camps on the other
side of tho bay will assist. The San Fran
cisco camps are: Golden Gate So. 64,
Redwood No. 91. Mission Xo. 264, Western
Addition No. 3**5, Tamalpais No. 427, Calu
met No. 43»5. San Francisco No. 437 and
Richmond Xo. 475. The pioneer of these
In this city is Golden Gate Camp, which
has a membership of nearly 120), and it
has a degree team which will be sent to
Salt Lake City in August to compete for
a trophy during the Supreme Head Camp
session, to be held there.
All the camps are anxious that Golden
Gate's team should carry off the honors,
and they have united on the proposition
to devise ways and means to defray Its
expenses. One of the means was the se
curing of the Grand Opera-house for the
night named. From the advance sale of
tickets it is apparent that thf;re will be a
crush and that the house will be packed
to its limit. The attraction that, evening
will be "The Great Ruby." as given dur
ing the many nights that it has been pre
sented by the Frawley company, which
includes Wilton Lackaye. Miss Van Buren
and many other players who are well
known.
Western Addition Camp, a firm ally of
Golden Gate, has secured a box, as "has
also Tamalpais Camp. Boxes have been
offered for the use of visitors from camps
across the bay. and there is considerable
rivalry for choice of these and of seats.
The house has been secured for Monday
r.ight by Golden Gate Camp, which has
paid Manager Morosco the price charged.
A taking feature will be a drill in the am
plified form by the members of the team
that Is to visit Salt Lake. To those -who
have never seen Woodmen drill this will
be a decided novelty.
Local Camps Will Ask Friends to
Help Pay Expenses of Journey
to Supreme Head
Camp.
Golden Gate's Degree Team
to Go to Salt Lake City
for a Trophy.
WOODMEN OF
WORLD TO HAVE
THEATER PARTY
Justin Ladagnous. the Former Pro
prietor, Now Seeking a Subordi
nate Position in the Old
Restaurant.
I ?
Gilded youth and Impecunious society
men who would not pay their bills until
pressed, and then went elsewhere, have
worked the undoing 1 of Justin Ladagnous,
one of the oldest and best known restau
rateurs of San Francisco. He has turned
over the Maison Riche, 104 Grant avenue,
which he had conducted for fifteen years,
to several of his chief .creditors, and for
himself is seeking a clerical position, the
salary attached to which would pay for
but very few dinners at his once famous
place.
Ladagnous has been In financial trouble
for several years. The time was when the
Maison Riche was the resort of million
aire miners and merchants, the gilded
youth and the swagger set. Any one who
had said that the genial proprietor was
not coining money would have been
laughed at by those ¦who knew something
of the amount of money that passed
through his hands.
In reality the golden opportunity was
lost. Ladagnous conducted his business
with a liberality that leU but little coin
In the till. Presently times began to
change and his business felt it first. Even
the men who live at high-priced French
restaurants can come down to the four-bit
sort if driven to it by a light purse. Then
other restaurants, newer and sweller In
equipment, were established near the
Maison Riche and cut deeply into its busi
ness.
Most fatal of all his business misfor
tunes. Ladagnous had a class of patrons
who rolled high on credit. The genial pro
prietor was lenient and let their bills run.
Two years ago he had such accounts run
ning well up into the thousands, and get
ting in financial straits he pressed the
debtors so persistently that nearly all of
them paid up — but went elsewhere with
their custom.
Three months ago Ladagnous. sick from
worry, went to Byron Springs for a rest.
After a few weeks he notified his broth
er-in-law, J. P. Lartigau. and A. Vignler.
the liquor merchant, who were his chief
creditors, that he had given up the strug
gle. They have taken charge of the busi
ness and it is now being conducted for
them.
Nominally the Maison Riche was owned
by a corporation, but practically all the
stock was held by I^adagnous. Lartigau
holds a. chattel mortgage on the restau
rant for $7000 ac security for the amount
for which he sold a half-interest in the
business In palmier days. Vlgnier is
surety to Davis Brothers on a five-year
lease of the premises, amounting to J33.
000. Lartigau and Vignier intend to run
the place until they can dispose of it to
advantage. Meanwhile they promise the
other creditors payment in full. E. Meyer
&; Co. have bills against the Maison Riche
amounting to about $300, and about that
much more Is owing to other creditors.
Ladagnous is with Ills family in Fruit
vale, living in rented property. Through
the influence of friends he expects to get
a clerical position that will afford his
family a meager living. Thus has fickle
Fortune turned her back on the once pros
perous partner of John Somali In the pro
prietorship of the old California House
and the founder of the Maison Riche.
(jilded Youths and \ Society
Men Have Wrecked the
Maison sRiche.
CAME AND ATE
DINNERS, THEN
FORGOT TO PAY
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for the Orient
yesterday. She will stop on the way at
Honolulu, but took neither passeng-ers nor
cargo for that port. Very few Chinese
went out on the steamer, while in the
cabin there were only four passengers for
China. At least fifteen or twenty people
who had taken passage on the vessel
backed out -when the news from Peking.
Tientsin and Shanghai began to filter
through.
Those who went away on the Coptic
are:
For Yokohama— F. T. Cause, Mrs. F. T.
Gause, H. J. Coctiran, Mrt>. J. TV. Cochran,
Miss M. Cochran. Miss J. C. Cochran. R. Wj
EfTex, K. Nishimura. W. E. Thurston, Mrs.
W. E. Thurston. T. Wada and Mrs. 1^. \V.
Washlr-rton. Kobe — K. Nishlno and L.. "W.
¦Washington. Hongkong— W. R. Allison. Miss
L. Adam. Mi=s A. Adam and H. C. Collins.
Alameda's Great Hun.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Alameda arrived yesterday from
Sydney. N. S. W., via Auckland. Apia and
Honolulu, nearly a day ahead of time.
The actual running- time was 5 days 21
hours and 30 minutes. The average cpeed
from Auckland to Honolulu was 14.5 knots,
and from Honolulu to San Francisco 14.S
knots. The Alameda will be seventeen
years old on August 5. and has never been
laid up a day since she was built.
Tug for Honolulu Trade.
The splendid new tug- Fearless sails for
Honolulu early this morning. The trade
in the islands warrants the stationing 1
there permanently of a large, ocean-going
vessel for towing purposes, so the Fear
less of the Spreckels Tugboat Company
poes to Honolulu to take care of the bust
ness. Captain Gilbert Brokaw. formerlv
of the Reliance, is in command of the
Fearless, while Bert Wheeler has charge
of the engine room. Captain Marshall of
the Fearless is now in command of the
Reliance, but will take the new tug as
scon as she arrives from New York. This
vessel is called the l>ewis Luckenback,
and Captain McCoy, superintendent of the
Spreckels Towboat Company, and Chiof
Engineer Holtx of the Alert are now in
the East to bring her here. Chief Engi
neer Driscoll of the Fearless is now in
charge of the engine room of the Alert.
More Tugs Depart.
The Fearless has over 1W tons of coal
in her bunkers and in sacks on deck, and
Captain Brokaw says this will be ample
to take her to Honolulu. The captain ex
pects to make the run in about nine days.
For the trip Captain Brokaw has rierged
a large squaresail on the Fearless, which
adds greatly to her sailing quality* and
to her appearance.
The "Red Stack" tup Rescue started for
PuRet Sound yesterday. She will assist
the tujr Tatoosh in towing 1 an enormous
lop raft to San Francisco. Should the
towboats. have as much success as they
did last year about half of the raft will
get here.
The tug Monarch has taken the tug
Rescue's place in the Ventura oil trade.
For several weeks to come she will be
towing oil barges up and down the coast.
Water Front Notes,
There are now three ships posted as
missing on the Merchants' Exchange
blackboard. The Louise is 23S days out
from Tampa for Yokohama and 90 per
cent is being paid to reinsure her. The
Nith is 163 days out from Tampa for Syd
nev N S. X?A and 40 per cent is being
paid on her. while the Melanope. now out
iO days from Panama for San Francisco,
only pays 5 per cent. y
The four-masted schooner Muriel will
sail for the north in a few days to load
lumber for Noumea, New Caledonia. This
makes four vessels that have left here
within a short space of time for the
French penal settlement, and several
others are booked for that point during
the present month. Formerly New Cale
donia eot all its lumber from New Zea
land and Australia. Now it is getting. it
all from Pacific Coast ports.
Big Towboat Will Remain at the Is
lands as Shipping Interests
There Demand Such
a Vessel.
Cop'ic and Tug Fearless
Sail for Honolulu— The
Alameda Arrives.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AID THE
WATER FRONT
TOWBOAT FEARLESS AND STEAMER COPTIC OUTWARD BOUND.
these wants, and the rt-sult of thla study
has b»en the acceptance of the principle
that the kind and quantity of goods pr>>
ducfd is determined by the variety and
intensity of men's wants. It follows as a
natural consequence of thts principle that
the forces or agencies which modify
men's wants exert an Influence upon the
productive activities which society an«l in
dividuals carry on to satisfy those wants.
Man'* wants are complex and the forces
which influence th«m are so many that
it tvculd not be in place to enter upon an
analyst of them here. Wants, like appe
tites, "grow upon what they feed." and as
the consumable commodities available for
use are In large part determined by the
conditions of transportation, and have
been greatly increased in variety and
quantity by improvements in the means
of transportation, it is obvious that the
many modifications which human wants
have undergone during th» last century
have been to a large txtent made possi
ble by the evolution that has taken place
during that time in the technique of
transportation. This increase and these
changes in human wants have been re
flected in the manifold changes in pro
duction that have revolutionized indus
try and multiplied in kind and quantity
the commodities that now minister to the
satisfaction of the wants of a complex
and highly developed civilization.
Transportation and Labor.
The real wages of a day's labor are the
commodities which the days labor will
secure. Transportation has had no more
patent effect than that of increasing the
variety and quantity of useful things
which come within the range of the toil
er's income. The luxuries or" or.e genera
tion or one decade become recognized
necessities of the succeeding generation
or decade, and among the many forces,
industrial and social, which have maue
this possible the evolution of transporta
tion must take first rank.
Transportation has increased the real
wages of worklngmen. and accompanying
this increase, partly as cause and partly
as consequence, there has been an en
hancement of the efficiency of labor. Ref
erence Is not made here to the Influence
upon the output of labor which has bee:i
and is being exerted by improvements in
machinery, including the mechanism of
transportation, but to the fact that t tie
effect of transportation has been to give
the laborer better food and clothing and
make him a more intelligent man. Thus
equipped he is a more skillful and efficient
artisan. Probably also the cheap travel
which transportation has made possible*
has so augmented the mobility of labor
?s to make it possible for the laborer to
secure more steady employment. \\ ork
ingmen are able to seek work where the
demand Is strongest.
Relation to Social Welfare.
Transportation is massing the formerly
eistributftd Industrial population, and to
some extent the rural population in the
large cities, whither an increasing pro
portion of the manufacturing enterprises
are being established. There are. c!
course other reasons -why men are mov
ing to the cities— one being the social ad
vantages which the city afford3— but tha
main cause for the growth of cities is in
dustrial, and that cause is operative and
potent because of the Industrial changes
which have accompanied the development
cf transportation. The growth of great
cities, the consequent establishment of
such a large percentage of the population
in the surroundings of life which preva:l
in the cities, bas produced social benefits
that have often been underrated; but it
has also placed certain groups of society
in very unwholesome and immoral sur
roundings.
The slum population of our cities consti
tutes a social excrescence whose exist
ence Is due to the crowding of population
In the great industrial and commercial
centers. Though deplorable, the evils of
city life are remediable. They represent
a phase of the present period of transition
from the more segregated life of former
g-enerations to the conditions of congre
gated existence. The social evils -whicn
have manifested themselves with tha
growth of cities will be met and overcoma
in turn and good conditions will be estab
lished. Indeed, the very agency that has
done more than any other to mass men
in the crowded cities Is now doing much
by means of the electric cars and other
form* of rapid transit to enable the city
population to spread out so as to avoid
overcrowding. The industrial population,
of the city is no longer compelled to live
In the congested districts adjacent to Its
nlaee of employment, but may live in tha
r ROBERT FULTON.
outer portions of the city, or even in tee
suburbs, where the advantages of rural
and urban life are combined.
The economic and social Influences
which transportation exerts are not
bounded by national limits. An important
consequence of transportation and com
munication has been that of bringing th»
nations of the world Into closer economic
and social relations. "With the Rrowir.fr
solidarity of the economic interests of the
coustries of the world, with the multipli
cation of the intellectual and other social
ties that unite nations, their political re
lations Inevitably change, and for the bet
ter. Nothing is doing more to advance
the attainment of the cherished idea! of
International amity than is the develop
ment of transport*^ r »£££%&
University of Pennsylvania.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TWO CENTURIES.
The technical improvements in the
means of transportation which 'have done
most to revolutionize travel and traffic
during the last 100 years are the invention
of macadam and tolford roads, the appli- |
cation of the steam engine to river and j
ocean commerce and the Introduction of
the steam and electric railways. Future
writers on transportation will doubtless
be obliged to dwell at some length upon
the social and Industrial changes brought
about by the bicycle and the automobile.
Their introduction has so recently taken
place that the consideration of their influ
ence may properly be postponed for a dec
ade.
Technical Improvements.
(Concluded.)
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TRANSPORTATION ADVANCE IN 100 YEARS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY. JULY' 27, 1900.
The Original Little Bcneficencla Publica
Co. of San Francisco. Numbers
for duly 26. 1900.
No. 23.222 wins $3750; sold In San Francisco.
No. 60,176 wins $1250: sold in San Francisco.
No. 194 wins $625; sold in San Francisco. - Nos.
245S, 13,28". 15,030. 22.373. 23.444 each wins $62 50;
sold In Sacramento and San Francisco. •
H. E. Huntlngton. first vice president of
the Southern Pacific Company, arrived
from Los Angeles yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Huntington has been absent two
weeks and has devoted his time to the af
fairs of the Lcs Angeles Street Railway
sytem, which is owned by Southern Pa
cific people. It is understood that the
big official is devoting a great deal of his
time to the work of remodeling- the Los
Angeles system to make it conform to
that of the Market-street railway, to the
better pitoflt-oMhe stocklioldcrs.
H. E. Huntingdon Returns.
Found a Counterfeiter's Kit
A boy picked up on Fulton street yes
terday a tin box, ,in which were several
counterfeit silver dollars and half dollars
and also some plaster of Paris molds. He
took the articles to Police Sergeant Bur
nett at the O'Farrell-street station, who
forwarded them to Secret Service Agent
Hazen. The whole outfit was so crude
that Hazen believes them to be the work
of an amateur counterfeiter, .who was
afraid to have it found upon his person.
VI.
Robert Fulton Invented a workable
steamboat for river service, the Clermont.
in 1S07. and within a few years it had
come Into general use on the numerous
navigable waterways of the United
States. By 1S19 the adaptability of the
steam engine to the propulsion of the
ocean vessel had become a demonstrated
fact, although it was not until fifteen
years later that transoceanic steam navi-
t FULTON'S STEAMER. +
gatlon really came Into existence. In
these latter days of larpe ocean vessels
we hardlv realize how small the otfean
ships were 100 years ago. The Grand
Turk, of 564 tons, constructed in 1731, was
probably the largest ship built in Amer
ica up to that time. During the fourth
decade of the nineteenth century some
vessels of over 10X1 tons were constructed,
and in 1S40 the large ship, the Great Brit
ain, of 3000 gross tons, was built. One hun
dred years asjo. however, a vessel of 300
tons was still considered a large ship, and
as late as 1S40 vessels of that size traded
from the United States to India and Chi
na. At the present time we have vessels
over TOO feet long, with a displacement of
28,500 tons and a draught of 32*4 feet. The
engines on these mammoth ships are
capable of developing 20.000 horsepower
and will carry 2000 or 3000 persons across
the ocean at the rate of over 500 miles a
day.
The evolution of the railway presents an
equally striking Illustration of the tech
nical evolution that has taken place in
the transportation machine during- the
last century. Stevenson's famous Rocket,
which won the prize in the contest at
Ralnhlll, England. In 1S29. weighed five
tons. Engines are now built weighing 100
6 -*-<$-+- <«> -+- $¦ -*-<$ -?-<$»-?- <?> -?-$-?- 9
7
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable.
Holder Secured Against Loss,
8OO ACRES
IN COALINGA DISTRICT.
ALL OF SECTION SL
ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION 14.
TOWNSHIP, SI SOUTH.
RANGE IS EAST. M. I>. M.
PRODUCING WELLS ON ALL SIDE3
CALX. OR SEND FOR PROSPECTU3.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Los Angeles Office— 402 Doactas Block.
Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills Buiidiog,
OOOOOO
OPH1RI
mi I
STOCK! I
OIL
APV P'R-TTRTTM-prnrra-
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES fl&i
x» REQUIRED jFkj
I Our reirovab'.* tiidse work is beautiful and
! Curable. Warranted U years.
.^Wl. Our S5-00 Plates
y$^'f^^v ' ;t "^ c a s ' ova -
i^^^j^^^^SS Our njethod for
«5S^^' -^ *%iS&vMr P Qi '3lcss extracting
S?7^ "jt^%e^^^c^!? Is paterjtcd ana
fe^w.^S>Hatf*^*i>' LSed fa y no ether
\l%\ a^Ltf^^ dentist oo tbe Pa-
PRICE LIST for M Days:
Pair.>?«= Extraction 25c
: Rfirovable Bridjewcrk ».'{.<Hj :
Crowr* ?2.O0 to H».«O
j Pure G~1d Fniingii 91.«H» ;
! ATT-.alcam Xi<>v
i GoM and Platina $l.«x»
i Eilver Fillings 50c
Mrs. Dr. R. L. "Walsh will attend to the
] children's teeth— rain!e«»!y.
1Z»R. F*. I \AJf\l~SM.
; II5I& GEARY FT., t-»twpen Hyde a.nd Larkln.
; Office Hours— 9 a. D. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
I 4 to 12. Telephone Polk 1133. j
MJNYON'S INHALER
CATARRH
\ Cold5 » Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
Asthma
flPpJJalPi and all Diseases
S&t&tp yS? 0 * the Throat and
Oonds of M«3!c£t<*<i Vapor tr« lahilM
I tLrcu^h the racuth aid emitted from the nos-
tril*. < !ranslcc »rd raporiiicff all the Inflamed
• fl ' - .-.-¦ 'i parts which cannot be reacted by
tSt&ttXke ta»". a Into ibe ttoL^acli.
It recrhfg the tore tpois—It heals the raw
: p'oc-s—It fjort to the ff at <J rHserw—It acts a*
I nlidm ancttoni? to the urhoTr sy»!rm — fi.no at
I rtrwrrrisis or terJt byrr.nil. 2'Of> A. rrh St., Phtlo
OR JORDAN'S great 6 ,
OF fiHSTOHVl
k Cb i5ajti2K5ss.ui.etifcfth,s.f.feLi ;
I The Larcrn Aaa:aa;cal Ma'cuci in Ibe \ '
m 'ond. V, efcinc^s t* A^y contricttd A '
ACraM l!iies« pcsltl»rly cured h T the oldsitj
§ £&$*fi CS.J030A.H-cp!yt:EO!SEASE^^
6 t ifilS h Tr "~^' petspiui'y or by letter. A 4
\ B I it I "•¦"*• tWtin every case uoJcruken. T
Ar I tl < v -' r * ' r •• v:.pi:ii.os«>i'iivct A
* ii I iiAIIBUCE, itci.u P.-irE. (AW
f Dtt. J«RDA?(*t:O..Ja;i Market St.. &F. Y
j DR. WONG WOO,
Ch!r.»5e Tea ar.d Herb Sad- |
i ttxtaax, TC4-TCS Clay st., San eC a
j Francl«o. CaL All diseases cured TIX 7
axtnttvtlT by Chinese herbs. «F» 4. v "
i Ad%)ce free. Hours, i to 11 a. _JI*CT<r^
rr.., ] to 3. T to :¦ p. m. **/3)tG&*ilWf
£an Francisco, January 2. i::i T^f f,;\ ,i\V
I ha»! a very «€rlot!» attack of *ff2:-9fAvJI>*
' ccEEUTr-rticn ond my feet were so swollen thet
' it »as -nith difficulty I could walk. The doctors
j Jn the bosilta!s could net Rive me any relief
i for n're weeks. I vu persuaded to so to th»
I weJl-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo, and
• In thrpe months I was completely cured and in
! perfect health, havjr.jr gained 23 pounds In
: ¦weicht. I have much pleasure in recommend-
lr.g Y.'.tt. to any cne suffering in any way what-
j ever. JAKOB RAUCH, 134 Freelon it., city.
Mil. T. HOSS.
KOTAST PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEY-AT-LAW.
Ztzlh Floor. Room lOli, Claus Spreckels Bidg.
Telephone Brown S31.
Residence, ill California «:.. below Powell.
] Ean Pr&nciaco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great jJexican remedy; elves health and
i ttrer.trth to eexual organs. I>*.pot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mai! 3 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clnnle Bg.
COAU COKB AND PI3 JROX
I T TVII SrtV <t f0 so ° Battery Street.
J. V- MllOUn ff LU-, Telechcne Mala U64.
COPPERSMITH.
1 T W SMITH Bb! P Plaar.blns. Eteambcat and
W- n> O.:1I111. Ship Work a specialty. Hand
I* Tfathlr.rtcn et. Telephone Main L6U.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. SS East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JiC RflVF^ !i CVt "Mppiag Butchers. 1M
JAJ- DUICJ g \.V' clay. Tel. Main 12H.
GAUVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Mr«r. ft Doaler In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 31S Howard St.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. Ec. Rcbinson Chera. Co.. 11C3 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHINO.
Unl^n L!thr>Kraph Co.. S25 Sansome st.. Artistic
Lithographer* ar.d Printers. Government L.1-
cer:Ete fcr Imprlnticjj of Revenue StaiPTs.
METAL.
Extra. !!notyp# *"<5 stereotype metal. Pactfle
Metal TVcrks. 137-8 First St.. Ban Francisco.
OILS.
LTJBRJCATTNG OILS. LEONARD Sc EL-
LIS. *IS Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAtNTS.
CvIlrCer & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
. Candle*. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PRINT H J
F- C- UUGijES. til Eamsome sc, 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE IIICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Et.. San Francisco^
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
iTeigggghui PARTRIDGE 206 la
I B Ml ASH STEAM COAL, S&^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at lt» GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Beet Coal Jn th«
xr.ixktu Olnce and Yards— 450 Main atreet.
AJtUSEMEUTS.
last three tiiles or the wtiikl-i-
RUSH CITY.
TO-NIGHT, MatfcMC T.-vir.orrow ani To-mcr-
row Nijrht.
eUNTJAT XIGIIT. LeM Week but One of
DUNTtE AND RTLEY'S
-AJLLj - STAR CAST
MATHEWS and BULGER
Itv the Vaudeville Operetta,
'"BY THK HM» fEA WAVES."
•THE Br.Cm-yir-S 1 ' TV::i Poqti Be Here.
TO-XIGKT AND 5ATT71PAY MATIN'EE AND
HENRYMILLER
HIS EXCELLEBCYTHE GOVERNOR.
ECKDAT NIGHT. SECOND SERIES.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
BBtJect— "JAPAN REVISITED."
NEXT 'WEEK—
EEK2T XIILEB md EPrCIAL C0KFANT is
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
"THE ALLIED FORCES' ' Or" VAUDEVILLE.
CULLIVAN AND WEBBER: MAZIE KING:
WILLIAMSON* AND STOXK: IXJN'AHL'i:
AXLi MCHOLE: GILBERT AND GOLD IE.
JKSS1S PADGHAM,
ETTA BUTLER.
nr.d \zs% w^>V. o< Mis? LILLIAN EURKHART.
AMKI1ICAN JUOGRAPH.
E&owicr tije Uurnlnjr Xcnh German LIor<2
irtearcers.
Reserved Seat« *:>e; Ealccr.r. 18c; Opera
rha-.rs ar.d Vex Sents. EOc.
Ma-.:r.«s-Wednwa«>-. Saturday ar.4 Sundar-
N>xi -K-pek MR. and MRf. JOHN XASOX
(Katberine Gray). Or.ly vaudeville appearance
fctrt- and Los Angel*!".
THE TFt'AL CP.OVTDnn HOUSE
Last Nirh.t Enjoyed the Coiclc Opera,
WANG!
Ever.'.r.ss at E. Matir.pe Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL!— Next Monday Begins
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SEATS OX SALE SEVEN DAYS AHEAD!
K«yertc:re. First Wwk, "AIDA" a=d
•LUCLA..'
POPULAR PRICE? :3c a=3 We
•QTa^T* HEATR t^A^
HATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15.
LA?T THP.EE NIGHT? OP
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
gurpcrt^S by "WHITE V.HITTLESEY lr.
THE
NEXT WEEK-
"ROMFO AND JULIET."
FEATS SOW P.KADT.
Walter Mwoeco Sol* Lessee a=d Maa*c«
KATECEE TO-KORRO"X.
I, »5T F^l-R NtCHTS OF
THE GREAT RUBY i
<~'rsE«r.r:r.if TUESDAY EVENING NEXT.
"THE RED LAMP."
PRICES— TV-. 5JV-. Be, 15c
£atur<Jay Mzt!r.*>«»— l(v, Z'ic. l&% 15c
Dnaa Ticket Offlc*. Eaaporlum.
CHUTES AND ZOO.^E^r
SCENES OF THE GBEAT STEAM-
SHIP FIRE IN NEW YORK.
CANNON, TKE^ FAT MAN.
TO-MOP.OTy KIGHT— 8APHO AND MONSTER
<AKEV\ALK.
Tt-Ifir'cr* for F»at*— Psrk 23.
FI^PHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riatnnn a Admu.ion toe.
DEETS AND DON: MAE Tl'NIFON; DAIST
I5IKHOP: JAMHF K. NICHOLS; VIOLET
JOHNSON'; WESTtt. th» lien cf 1C0 Faces.
• nd N'EW MOVING riCTVRES.
MATIN'EE BCyPAT. Ufservcd Seats, 3c.
SUTRO BATHS
orEN ?:mms.
O:-=n DaiJr Fna ' a. in. to !1 p. m.
liclhlac frm 7 a. m. to 19 p. ra.
ADMISSION 20c CHILDREN. 6c
r-;hlrr, '.nrircir.g- firr.'.?''.'^ ?5c. Children. S3e.
/"$¦- ¦ r >- 1 « i «"-r» « «hlMi, cocniort! ij
r-fi^m Gr^raBtrei y ctaifw, or tnr is.tz-^r^^
[{ ~tj ac: to Mrieiort. t: <:,, ijrriltMoa or L,.tr> !
lr ~» frere^a et t. •-w-c^_ ticn of in a c o a c Di*-i».
tf imfcutLfkKi feaiTti Cl traaea. Koe-aetxicceat.
\KX\ c hCijnun.0 W5*. KoW *** j
V**\. C. r. a. 22* ? r •* nt J a pitta %rr»rr«r. i
' §te x F?iJ8S%S*
; fa&%y S3 Cirwi*r teat "*^*^ingl j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ • - • \
1 0 h.n S Especially for
& ° n n't Hai'dwear*.
f\«0 On'/ BOYS', 2\ to 5 1 , 62.25
,\ X 'A YOUTHS', 13' 2 to 2 ....62.00
I p3 .7. LITTLE GENTS', 9 to 13 61.75
llr '^ * I A!so a ful1 line of Misses> and Chi!d<s '
f • § .f
Always Toys for Little> Folk.
vft/O/ 738-74O AAARKET STREET.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Sept. Dec
Opening 6 0% 6 1*1
Closing 6 O'fc 6 I',L
PARIS.
Wheat— -. July. Sept.-Dec.
Op^ning 13 60 20 70
Closing 19 65 20 75
Flour—
Opening 25 f.5 27 05
Cluflng 23 65 27 13
Chicago Livestock Market. .
CHICAGO, July 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000;
choice. fa£ and heavy Bteers, fair to strong;
light medium and" common. . steady, to slow;
butcher stock, steady to strong. Natives— Rott
on sale to-day, one carload, K 75.; good to prime
Bteers, $5 25ffJ5 85;. poor to medium. $4 60^5 10;
selected feeders, steady, JIV74 0".; mixed ptock
era. $3©3 90; cows. $334 So; heifers. , $3©5 10;
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July T6.— The waiting attitude
of the stock n-..irk«>t was enr-fcfiFlzM to-day.
Both buyrrF and rr!l«-rs were scarce aji'l th.
market was nearly trtaenant. a« nhown by
the long ir.tprvalp durirg which th*> ti- k<r was
motionieFs. The j.rofew^or.iil trad<-n< hod a
fliscourajErinj.- task In their trades. The market
won <hjum1!>- reluctant to follow th<- !...ifi ,,f
the few crocks which showed any Ktif-ngth or
to retpond to the- exceptional weakness in r,ni>
cr two ccses. Svirar, Tobacco and Brooklyn
Transit formed the center of th«" rather !»•«•
bk- attempt of tbe bulls to advance prices
The la'fr stock was lifted at one tlrr.f over
two jKjintc. Report* were circulated that tho
etatement of earnings for the fiscal year will
H"ov<» belter t^an . hap be«-n exjx'ctf-j. i$ U [
the high price was v«-ry j>oor!y h.?!d und, in
fact, V-as entirely lost, though a plight rally
Becurwl a *ma!l net pain. Missouri Pacific
was toft or. the pmcticRj abandenmont of re
r*ntly encouraged hoi-et <nt a dividend. The
FtocI Mocks wore «iul»»i. and Irregular, peadlac
th» conference of the S'»el Interest? '.n Chicago,
cr.d their undertone wst* h^avy on the thrc-at
fnln* attitude reported tf> have hp*r. n»*=uRi*Ni
by th»> mon |.ow«-rful Interests In ih* tra<1<\
?r»r!inK Exchange advanced an additional
fraction and was reported 6trong. Exchange
bankf-rB fay that the- rate !ia* not yet a.l
vanced to a jwjint that oflfers a profit on «»x
pr-rt« of goiii to ismAcm. But lt la IWIrvt-u
that the advance will continue until the ex
port piint ts reachfrd. The Paris requirement!!
f'»r g-cAil from New York seem to be satisfied
for the time hpine.
Total sal*-*, jar value, JS40.0C«: Vnlted Stat<«;
refunding 2s when lenwd and the 3s odvance.1
hi.. ar;d the new 4s couicn. old <s athi la hi
l>er cent in tlie bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
E* 1 "™* dosing
Solfl. Flocks—. Bid.
1.250 Atchlson 25%
1,100 Atchifcon prefd C914
EASTERN MARKETS.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FI-OUR— California Family Extras, |3 60@3 75,
Ufual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75®3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15Q3 60 for bakers'; Eastern, J4 73^
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour'
$3 per 10O lba: Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye Meal, $2 50 :
Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75; extra cream
cio. $3 DO; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy. $3 50^3 75.
Buckwheat Flour, 1U@4 25; Cracked Wheat'
$3 50: Farina, J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour ts *o'
Rolled Oats (barrels), J6(g7 25: in sacks |5 75
®7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas, J5; 'Green
Peas, J5 CO per ICO lbs. j
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Though receipts of Hay are not so excessive,
they are etlll large and the market Is etll! con
gested. Dealers now quote $12 . as th'e highest
F»edstuffs stand the same.'
BRAN— $12 f>0<til3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17i?720 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $16 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing, $27 50
@2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $21 50;
Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed. $14.
B HAY— Volunteer. $4 50«T6 50; Wheat. $10@12:
Wheat and Oat, $9 501i II CO; Oat. $S@10; Clover.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Rpwslon — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The demand Is not as active, but
there is a fair call for local consumption.
Holders are as firm as ever and give no con
cessions.
White, $1 llffl 35; Surprise. U 27H©1 35: Red
$1 07Hii?l 20; Gray. $1 1031 20; Black. $1 05®
1 12% p*>r ctl.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $1 17^©l 20 Der
ctl: Fastem White. Jl 17}4@1 20 per ctl; Mixed
ji i.wi i7 ! 4.
RYE— Weaker and necrleeted at 90@93%c per
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:1T» o'clock— December— 6000
ctls. $1 13H; 20,000, $1 13.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10 000
ctls. Jl I3»,i.
Afternoon Sesslop — December— 8000 ctls, Jl 13%
BARLEY— The market Is perceptibly firmer
Offerings are smaller, the demand is better and
choice brl:rht lots are scarce.
Feed. 72Vi'S73*ic for No. 1 and C5S70c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades 75(f?S0c'
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
"Wheat— Liverpool and Paris futures were
lower.
Chicago opened firmer, but declined. The de
mand was moderate and the market was over
sold. Minneapolis was weak and dull. The
Cincinnati Price Current still Insisted on a crop
of 650.000.000 bushels. Broomhall cabled in
fluential buying at Liverpool.
Guessing on the California crop Is active The
lowest estimate is 450.000 and the highest 750,000
tons, a reduction nf 300,000 tons from ante-har
vest estimates. The most conservative opinion
Inclines to a crop of 650,000 tons.
The local market was dull, with a decline In
futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06>i; millings, ?1 07^
'ill 1U.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SSV4
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S5
Sterling Cables — 4
New York Kxchange. sight — J2U
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fln-J Silver, per ounce — 6O',i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4^
LOCAL MARKETS.
Thursday. July 28.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; O R & N Co.
Stmr North Fork. McLell&n, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Br stmr Coptic, Kinder. Hongkong-, etc; O A
O S S Co.
Nor §tmr Tltanla, Guliksen. NanaJmo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Tag Fearless. Honolulu; J X> Spreckals 4k
Bros Co.
Br schr Queen of the Isles, HItchfl«!d, Mar
shall Islands, via Honolulu; Williams, Dlmond
& Co.
Ital ship Campa, Caflero, Queenstown; O W
McNear.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. Klawack; M IT Tran»
portatlon and Packing Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, July ML
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Rescue. Thompson. Astoria.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Chas D Lane. Warner. Seattle.
Br stmr Coptic. Rlnder. Honkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Nor stmr Tltania. Gulllksen. Nanalmo.
Sohr Monterey. Beck. Crescent City.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Comoi.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. Bowens Landing-.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, Iversena
Landing.
Schr J Epplnger. Skipper. Stewarts Point.
Schr Newark. B<»ck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. Klawack.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, Klawack.
Br schr Queen of the Islea, Hltchfield, Mar
shall Islands, via Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 26. 10 p m— Weatatr
hazy; wind NW. velocity 14 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Captain Walvlg of the stmr Scotia reports
that Indians arrived at Crescent City and re
ported that the itmr Laguna had gona ashore
near Klamath River. Vessel has broken ta two
and Is a total loss.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 25— Brig Tanner,
from P->rt Townsend. July 2S— Stmr Humboldt
from Skajuay.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Ro&aile, for Skaguay.
Arrived July 26— Br stmr Almond Branch.
from Port Towns«n1.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived prior to July 19—
Ship Jabez Howes, from Comox: stmr PortlanJ
rSAL— Arrived July 2S— Stmr Cleone. hence
July 23: stmr Navarre, hence July 24
EUREKA— Arrived July 25— Schr Oceania
Vance, hence July 10; stmr Eureka, hence
July 24.
Sailed July 23— Schr Mary Phune. for San
Francl=co: schr Oltra. for San Francisco
UMPQUA— Sailed July 22-Schr Lily, for San
FORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 26— Stnsr
Mlneota, from Nanaimo.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed July 2<>— Stmrs Green
wood and Brunswick, for San Francisco
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 26— U S stmr Far
ra«"ut. hence July II.
CASPAR— Arrived July 2G-Stmr Luella. hence
July 25.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared July 23— G«r stmr
Bosnia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
July 24-Stmr Advance, from
* Sailed July 24— Ptmr AUianca. for N'ew York
NANAIMCV-Arrlved July 20-stmr San Mate*'
hence July 22. «*w.
S tm?^e1^; G -f;Vm U T e aco^ 3r . tO Ju *,^
CT TO R S?^V& JU » '—** -MP A.=«n
m?n l t E^ S Li^Tc- k ?ailed JUJy 2^ Br **•
OCEAN STEAMERS.
n^? 1 7 E v I>AM ~ Sancd J ' aly 25-Stmr Aroster-
dam. for New Ttork. via Boulogne
UMih5 RB ? U 9.°~ S!allKl J . uly Kaiser
W Unelm der Grosse. for New York.
Continued on Page Eleven,
CLEARED.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 6? hoarm from
Victoria and Pueet Sound Dorts.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 63 hours from
San Dleso. etc
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 13 hour* from Al
bion.
Stmr Scotia, tValvls. 33 hour* from Crescent
City.
Schr Roy Eoxners, Solland, 7 days froia Grays
Harbor.
Schr Challenger, Andermon. 7 day* from, Port
Blakeley.
Thursday. July XL
Stmr Matteawaa, Croscup, SO hour* froa T»
coraa.
Shipping Intelligence.
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 67'/4 6 70 6 65 6 67V4
September 6 70 6 70 6 67% 6 70
October 6 75 6 75 6 70 6 72(4
Short Rlba. Der 100 lbs—
July 6 80
September C S3 6 874 6 S2^4 6 85
October 6 82^4 6 S2'/4 6 77H 6 80
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy. No. 3 spring wheat, C9@74c; No.
2 red, 76>4c. No. 2 corn, 38-%c; No. 2 yellow,
CSHe; No. 2 oats, 2«',ic: No. 2 white, 24U@25e;
No. 3 white, 24Q'27c; Good feeding barlfy, 40c; fair
to choice malting, 44CT46e. No. 1 flaxseed. $1 60.
Prime timothy seed. $3 20@3 25. Mess pork, per
bb!. $11 10^11 CO. Lord, per 100 lbs. $6 ;>5i?
6 C7V4. Short ribs sides (loose). $6 8f.'37 15. Dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 6-X@7c. Short clear
sides (boxed). $7 35<f?7 45. Whisky, basis ot
high wines. Jl 23'/i. Clover, contract grade, 18.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ; 22.000 10.000
Wheat, bushels 127,000 44.000
Corn, bUBhel3 ...272,000 115.000
Oats, bushels 111,000 3,000
Rye, bushels l.ooo 1,000
Barley, bushels 5,000 11000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 15^19^.0 dairy 14'S
17c. Cheese, steady, g'^lO. Eggs," firm; fresh
ll@12c.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
July 74% 74% 73% 74^4
August 75 75 7Z% 74%
September 76 76 74% 75*t
Corn No. 2—
July 38 SS S7H 37%
August 8S 38 37^ 38 '
September 37% 37% 37Vi 37%
Oats No. 2—
July 22'4 22^ 22 22
August 22% 22% • 22<4 22^
September 23 23 22«4 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 1150
September 1165 11 67>4 1155 11 GO
Oats were easy. Tnule was slow. September
closed Nc down at 22%c. Provisions suffered
from the heavy run of hogs. ¦ Speculation was
flat and the demand had somewhat fallen from
what It has been recently. September closed
17 r -c under yesterday. Lard 7%c down and Ribs
7i,c reduced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Corn was affected at times by the early heav
iness in Wheat and the prospects of a big
crop; at others by the excellent shipping de
mand. The recovery of Wheat during the last
hour had a beneficial effect on Corn, but the
recovery was not complete. September closed
a shade lower at Z1%ft31¥ t c.
CHICAGO. July 26.— At the beginning of trade
In the Wheat pit the market derived firmness
under the influence of %d advance at Liverpool
and yesterday's indications of foreign willing
ness to buy the great American cereal at pre
vailing prices. September opened UfiVi to 4j©
H over yesterday at 7r,-y 4 @76c. Then considera
tions of a different kind were impressed upon
the talent. Liverpool showed Inability to hold
Its early advance; the Southwest sold in an
ticipation of heavy receipts and the price cur
rent declared that despite the Pacific Coast
shrinkage the yield of Wheat In this country
would a«greKate5.",0,OOO.eOO bushels. This estimate
was regarded with a smile by some, but lt was
influential with others. The outside speculation
was lax and September, with occasional spasms
of recovery, gradually sagged to 74}ic.
At the bottom there was covering by shorts
on renewed talk of cash sales and on the
receipts, which were less thap last year's
at the primary points. September rallied In
active order to 75»ic and closed firm >4c over
yesterday at 7."%'575?4c.
Morning Session. ¦
E0 Home OH • 4 70
Afternoon Session.
150 Home Oil 4 70
100 American Fuel : 30
800 California Standard 25
100 Homestake 13 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 73j 100 Silver Hill JO
150 Caledonia 72| 100 Standard 4 25
300 Hale & Norcrs 221 200 Ktah 09
100 Silver Hllf..... 49' 100 Yellow Jacket. 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Gould & Curry 22 200 Standard 4 30
200 Overman C*
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
600 Bullion CS 300 Silver Hill 49
5C0 Gould & Curry 23 200 Standard 4 25
2C0 Silver Hill W
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
THURSDAY, July 26 — t p. in. ¦
Bid. Ask. 1 BM Ask.
Alpha C6 07'Justlce 07 (S
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 Oi Lady Wash 02 03
Belcher' 15 16jMexlcan 16 13
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental C7 09
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 6<3 67
Caledonia 72 74 Overman 07 09
Chollar 15 16 Potosl 12 14
Challenge Con.. V 13 l.VSavage 11 12
Confidence ..... M 67 Scorpion C2 —
Con Cal & Va 1 45 1 50 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 2.. 2S
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 56 5;>
Kureka Con.... — 60 St Louis — 10
Crown Point 12 13, Standard 4 30 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 22 23, Union Con 19 20
Hale & Norcrss 22 23lUtah OS K>
Julia _ oilYellow Jacket.. 20 21,
I
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
5 Makawell 45 CO
100 Pacific Gas Imp 49 50
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co., s 30 52 CO
B0 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 32 50
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co.. s 30 52 50
130 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 52 73
100 Vigorit 3 12H
100 ViRorit. b 30 3 25
* Street—
57 Bank ot California 410 00
100 Contra Costa Water 6S 50
Board —
80 Alaska Packers' Association 113 00
' 15 Giant Powder Con «S 50
60 Hana Plantation Co S 124
65 Honokaa S. Co 31 62«*
$5000 Los Angeles Railway 5 Bonds 104 75
25 L., P. & A. Bank 135 00
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
Board —
173 Market-street Railway 64 CO
5 Pacific Gas Imp 49 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp 49 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp. cash 49 50
20 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 51 50
40 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 52 00
30 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 52 25
{3000 S. P. of C. 6 bonds (1906) 112 50
Street—
20 Giant Powder Con 8S 00
160 Honokaa S. Co 31 62»,
| Market-st .... 63*4 M
O S L & H.... - -
Presidio — 22%
Powder Stocks—
California 155 16IH
Giant Con Co.. S8% 83
Vlgorit 3H 3%
Sugar Stocks^ —
Hana S P Co. 8U 8H
Haw C & S Co 87H —
Honokaa S Co 31H —
Hutch S P Co 24*i 25^
Kllauea S PCo 19^4 19»i
Makawell S Co — 46H
Onomea S Co. 26*i —
Paauhau S Co. 30% 34
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.ll7?4 —
Cal Fruit Assn — 99
I Her Ex Assn. 97 100
| Oceanic S Co. 92% 93
Pac A F A.... 2 —
I Pac C Bor Co.150 —
I Par Paint Co. . 10 —
Om C Ry 6s..l2iij —
P & Cl Ry 6S.103'* —
P & O R R 6s. 115 —
Powell-st R 68.120 —
Sac El GARJs. 97V* —
S F & SJV5S.119 120
S R of Cal 6s.Hl 111H
S P of A 6s...lUHlllVi
S P C 6s(19O5).lCW 112
Do (1906) ....112 112?;
Do (W12) 119 —
BPRClst gnt5s. — —
S P Br 6s 132 —
S V Water 6s. 115 —
Do 4s 103H —
Do 2d mtg..l(>Z —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99H —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 6S% —
Marin County, art —
Spring Valley. 94ft 9i\
Gas & Electric-
Cent G & L Co — —
Cent L & P Co 4«i b\i
THURSDAY. July 25—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3»i 4
4s quar coup..llo s 4116'.4 Mutual El Co. 9V4 11
4s do regr 115»»116U O G L & H... 4»H 49%
4s do cp new.l3.<Sl34Vs Pac Gas Imp.. 49ft 50
3s quar coup..llOHlU Pac L Co 44 —
Miscellaneous— Sac ElG&PCo. 22H —
Cal-st Cab 5s. .116^2 — S F G & E 52H 53
C C Water 0s. 106V* — Ean Francisco. 5 5^i
Ed L & P 6s. 123 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 Flrem's Fund.223 —
H C & S 54s. — — Bank Stocks-
Do »s 101 — lAnglo-Cal Ltd. 68 70H
L A Ry 5s 104H10o'i ; Bank of Cal. .410 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — Cal S D & T..104 103
Do gntd 6s.. — — First Nationl.273 2S0
L A gntd os. ..100 — Lon P & A 134& —
L A P R R 5s. — 101»i Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s... — 12S"* Nev Nat Bk... — —
Do 1st M Ss.llS — Savings Banks —
NCNORil.- — Ger S & L.....U'jQ —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Hum S & L... — —
Do 5s 117V4 — Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
N P C R R 63.101 — S F Sav U...505 —
Do 5s 105 — Sav & L So... 74 73
N Cal Ry 6s..lll«4 — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak G LAH5s.lt«H — Union T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s.. 115 IIS Street Railroads-
Oak \V Co 5a.. — 104 California 123 —
Oceanic S Co.105 105Vi Geary-st 60 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The oil stocks were quiet and featureless.
The Columbus Gold Mining: Company has
levied an assessment of, 2c, delinquent Au
gust 15.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works has declared
Its regular monthly dividend of. 50 cents per
Ehare, payable August 6.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents a share on August 6.
There were two strong stocks on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange — Gas and Elec
tric, which advanced to JC2 2G, and Giant Pow
der, which sold up to JSS. Otherwise the mar
ket was quiet.
In the afternoon Giant Powder advanced to
$SS 50 and Gas and Electric to ?32 73.
THE STOCK MARKET.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
SU'ffrc; prime, S149$Kc: choice, 5*i<g6V-c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APKICOTS— Royal. 115514c: Moorpark lo@17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 15Q12c; unpeeled, 6^"Jc.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. July :6.-FLOUR-ReeeIpts. 22,-
S05 barrels; exports., 8432 barrels; sales, 7430
packages ; spring patents dull and easy, with
winter wheat moderately active and steady;
spring bakers were more active; Minnesota
patents. $4 15®4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts. 2f«5.330 bushels; no ex
ports; sales. 3.755.C00 bushels futures, 160,000
bushels exports; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 82'jc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 79%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, ?4=ic f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard Duluth. S6^S6%e afloat to ar
rive. Options, after a firm opening on cables,
declined all the forenoon under liquidation, a
reaction in English markets. Northwest sell
ing, and a series of outside reports. This in
return wus succeeded by a final sharp rally
on rumors of larse cash business. Closed
firm. »4c net advance; July. Sl'SSl^c, closed
at M*.c; September, 79 ll-W^SO ll-16c, close-]
at ftiSc: December, 81*sc, closed at Slv«c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDF.S— Firm.
WOOL-Stearly.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. weak; No. 7 Invoice,
S'^c: mild, quiet: Cordova. SH'g'lS'ic: future?
closed steady, with prices 5 "points higher to
." points lower: total sales. 3S.7S0 bass, includ
ing August, $7 So; September. $7 80SS; Decem
ber. $S 10«iS 15; March. $S 2508 30; May, JS 40©
8 43.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; held higher; fair re
fininp, 4 s ic; centrifugal, 96 test. 4T*c; molasses
sugrar. 4 1 *c; refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4232 packages; market
weak; creamery, l7f(}20c; current packing, fac
tory, I46l5iic.
KGGS — Receipts. $-0fi9 packag-es; market firm;
¦Western, at mark. HS13Vic for average lota;
Western, loss off, ID'.ic.
I 1S.7S0 Baltimore & Ohio 73*4
100 Canadian Paclttc 87**
300 Canada Southern 4SVJ
"CO Ch^apeake & Ohio 27V«
100 Chicago Great Western 11
6.41O Chicago. Bur & Quiney 126S
1.200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 23» 4
Chicago", Ind & Louisville prefd.... 34
Chicago & East Illinois 95
Chicago &. Northwestern 1G0
5.22.-, Chicago. Kock Island & Pacific 103^
1(» C CO & St Louis SJi^
6C0 Colorado Southf-rn 6^
Colorado 1st prefd 4lVs
l'O Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16 1 *
3oj Delaware A: Hudson 110H
Delaware. Lack & Western 17b
Denver & Hio Grande 17
Denver & Rio Grande prefd C6
3f/0 Erie 10%
10-j Krie 1st prefd S2>~
3."3 Great Xorthern prefd 151
Hocking Coal 1314
777 Hocking Valley 34i 4
1.113 Illinois Central 119
Iowa Central 20
Iowa Central prefd 47
100 Kans City, Pitts & Gulf 16
Lake Erie & Western 2S I
Lake Erie & Western prefd 90
Lake Shore 210
1.53S Louisville & Nashville 70lj I
3.^.V. Manhattan L 904
3.2 v ,"i Metropolitan Street Railway lbb\
Mexican Central 12 1 4 i
2jO Mir.n & St Louis r-fii,, .
IOO Minn & St Louis prefd 93
2.5O0 Missouri Pacific 49Ti
Mobile & Ohio 3% \
Missouri, Kans &• Texas 10
550 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 2<^\ '¦
lf0 New Jersey Ontral 12?V» I
I 2.3"0 New York Central 12S3i J
700 Norfolk & Western 33
1.V) Norfolk & Western prefd 76U
4.1i/i Nortliern Pacific tO^
220 Northern PaclJlc prefd 71'^ i
POO Ontario & Western 20 I
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
2.730 Pennsylvania 127 1 !
Heading I6* t
2.4 r -0 Reading l«t pref.l ;,« 4
Reading 2nd prefd 2S\
Rio Grande Western GIH^
Rio Grange Western prefd 90 j
Ft Louis & Pan Fran 914
Pt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
Pt Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 33 l 4
2'<0 St Louis. Southwestern j
2 f 0 Pt L.->u!s, Southwestern prefd 2'M I
4.K'2 St Paul no's !
U2 St Paul prefd 171 i
St Paul «i Omaha 110 J
3.(««1 Southern Pacific 3?v. 4 |
1.2*0 F.-.uthern Railway l''"t \
1.4S5 Southern Railway prefd £1^ '
Texas .fc Pacific 14&. j
S.C-f-1 ITnion Pacific 5fi» 4 i
€44 Vnlon pacific prefd 751.*
Wabash fi-v
7:« Wabash prefd 17?4
ICO Wheeling & L E S'»
4^:1 vrheeling & L F. 2nd prefd 23»i |
2t-Q Wisconsin Central 13 )
Third Avenue ]yy 1
Express Comnanles—
AJams 123
10O American 153
United States 45
wy.ls Far>;o ; ]22 '
Sllsrellaneoup—
American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd 8?
410 American Malting 3»i I
American Malting prefd l!i>j
1.2W American Smelting & Refining 37 |
200 Am Smelting & RennlnR prefd E7»4 !
American Spirits 11^ I
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 20*i
American Steel Hoop prefd 67
2.2^i0 American Steel & Wire 34^,
<1G American Steel & Wire prefd 73H
72 1 .' American Tin Plate 21'A I
i:2 American Tin Plate prefd 7SVj I
S.150 American Tobacco 9^1,^
American Tobacco prefd !"l2S
1C0 Anacr.n»Ja Mining Co 42»i
32.SS5 BrookljTi Rapid Transit r<~^
Colorado Fuel & Iron 3314
KO Continental Tobacco 2;i 2
Continental Tobacco jirefd '" 79 "
2.S20 FMeral Steel " 333/ 1
650 F«=<ieral Steel prefd n>;C,
250 General Klectrlc .«. n.' 3 l
Glucose Pug-ar 52
Glucose Pu^ar prefd !!ioo
100 Internationa! Paper 23
CT.0 International Paper preM 6T,'L
lf«l I.aclede Gas 741, I
National Biscuit 31UI |
Natlonil Biscuit prefd sr,
National I^ad 15*4
National I^-ad prefd ] seu
900 National Steel -^ii
l/f' National Steel prefd ;;. g4
lfiO New York Air Brake m
North American 15
Pacific Coast 03
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63U
€21 Pacific Mall 30U
1.M0 People's Gas 9g%
100 Pressed SteH Car 4i
230 Pressed Steel Car prefd 73
Pullman Palace Car ]g?
100 Stsni'.ard Rope & Twine z%
23.13* Su»?;ir ...126*i
310 S11 par prefd , II6V4 !
4?0 Tennesr Coal & Iron 70 j
1,993 United States Leather • ]0Vi
United States Leather prefd CS'^ !
1j0 United States Rubber 24H
Unifd States Rubber prefd !>3'4
Western Union 79%
Republic Iron & Steel i\
110 Republic Iron & Steel prefd S3'4
P C C & St Louie E3
lSS.IOO Share* so'.d.
CLOSING DONDS.
U S ref Is (when |M K & T 2da €3
Issued), reg 1W4I Do 4s 9114
Do coup 1O4V4IN y Cent lsts 10S -
Do 2s reg 100 N J Cent gen 5s.... 122
D.j 3k re* K'9^ | Northern Pac 3s.. CtM
Do 3s coup llOVs Do 4s.. |04'
Do new 4s re K ...132S N Y C A- St l'48^107
I>o new 4s coup..l33\'Nor & W con 4s . 97%
Do old 4s reg....l!.V^|Or Nav lsu 103
Do old 4s coup...lL">V Do 4s 102*1
Do r,s reg lU'-nOr Short Line 6s. .129
!)•> 5s coup 114\( Dk con f.s 112
Dist of Col 3-C:<8..123 ,ReadlnK gen 4s.... S7%
Atchison K««n 4s....l0ni:R <; West lsts 80
Atchlson adj 4s SCH St L & I M con 5s. 110
Canada So 2ds 30& j St L & S F gen Cs.12'
• lies & Ohio 4'iS.. 99^ St Paul con.... 1C6%
!,»>O 5s 116U St P C & P 1SU..UCV4
C & N W con 7s. ..1411-,; Do Cs imi
C * NW SFdeb5s.l20'i Southern Pac 4s... 78%
ChicaK-j Term 4s.. ?2^ 4 ! Southern Ry 5s 10SH
Colo So 4s SO JStand R & T Cs... 70'
D & R G 1st* lf,2 iT & P lets 112
Ho 4s »7> t j Do 2nds a
Krie ztn 4k C84 rnfon Pac 4s l(£Si
> W & D C lsts.. 70'* Wnbash lsts llfju
General KK- £s....U7 Wabash 2d« 10JU
Iowa Cfntral 1st*. .113 West Shore 4s 112
K C P & G lsts.... 73 iWls Ont lsts R7%
L &. a unified 4s.. SSVi Va centuries £9%
MINING STOCKS.
2»? tl * r 14:Ontario. 6 CO
< rown Point lOiOphlr C2
Con Cal & Va.... 1 ?.-. I Plymouth 10
Deadv.ood 4) Quicksilver 1 &0
Gould & Curry.... 20' Do prefd 6 :.O
Hale /t Norcross.. 18 Sierra Nevada 22
Hometitake 58 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 13
Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money- Rubber 24 'i
Ca!l loan* 2'4«5'3 Union Pacific ,W»i
Time loans 3u,«/4a West End B314
a C t, pVisconsln Cent... 13
I>o pref €9 Atchlson 4s 100
American Sugar... i:fi«rt MlnlnK Shares-
Do prefd lWi Adventure 2' ,
tw? ? T» ••• 144 Allouez Mining Co. 1
lioston & Albany.243 Amal Copper 85'4
Boston Elevated... 142V4 Boston &. Mont 299
New York Grain and Produce.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Fteamer Ccptlc failed yesterday fcr
China and Jp.r an with a general carpo valuej
at $144.4^1. of some in transit, man
ifested as Callows:
For China. t43,249; for Japan, »S5.7S3: for
Mar.ila, J13,4!U: for East Indies, J14W; for
V!a£ivr>ftnk. J2.'9: fnr K^roa. J1S9. The prin
cipal shipments were as follows":
For China— 3i rkps praphophones. CM bx5
t>earl barley, 10 cs u Mils whisky, 121S sks
V>earis. loci r^KS cn-H-eri^s and provisions. 60
OS chees*-. 232 rp canned Roods. 460 pk»rp fruit.
2"f> sks dri^d fifh, 1* cs hardware. 22 rkes but
ter. 4 cs lemons. S cs chocolate. 29 os li<juoi«.
in bales hay. C re stationary. IC'O pals nottle-1
beer, CS cs mlllsiuffs. 5 cs soap. 49 cs salm 1 n,
3O pals win*. 12.E1S tb!s dour, 9 Mis pap°r.
3$ kecs fauirkraut, T2i cs dry goods, S ro'l»
leather.
Por Japan— "> r« dry poods. Ttfi bW5 whiskv.
1123 rs canned porwi«, 5W l'hls beef, 23 os rub
ier poods. 27*i rolls leather. *.l cs hardware,
42" jikjss crocpri«>s and jrovisiuns. 6 crs fai
nitui-e. 36 ; . . r- «-!f-trical surrli'"P. '3T5 n«s
Furar, os watches, Ifto cs f^ap. 2€23 bb's
flour, gals wine. K,54 cs salmon, 26 pkg3
rriachlnery, 4 cs fllk. 14 <^rs Mcjrdes, 10 cs
confectionary. lA.fiSS sks cats. 2^79 I ks* rail
road material. 10.013 1»>f crffe**, 40 bxs lemons.
to fs m«>ters. fiO cs driffl fruit. 8 cs phonoeraph*.
For Vladivostok— 10 cs dried fruit. 4 cs phonc-
FTP-rhs.
For Manila— 12*> cs US pals win*. 2<! cs drups.
3 M.ls whisky. 53 pals 30 cs brandy. C>> cs empty
battles. 176 cb canned (roods. ff<2 pks> pipe.
?4 f K) 7T<s lard. 3 pkps plows." S cs hardware. 17
crt= furr.iture. 14 ere bicycles. CSO pkgs p,n>
cries an<l provlsicns, 10 cs oil clothing. 10 cs
er-orting pood?. 4 cf plass.v.-are. 1000 crs onions.
For East Indies—" cs canrn"! poods. 10 pkps
miiistufrs. !,o cs eaimon. 3 ct typewriters. 21
cs hardware, 5 cs glassware, 70 pkgs Rrocentg
and provision.
Fc-r Kcrpa- 25 ce procries and provisions.
In transit for China — 15 sks dried fish. 1 cs
citars; value, tli'i.
Weather Report.
(12 r ih JlTiiicn- Pa<?:fic Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. July 2«i, S p. m.
The followlcc maximum tfrnprntur^s were
reported from stations in California to-day:
K-Jr«=ka C2 Los Anireles SO
Mount Tamalpais i<"> Pacrampnto 94
Ir,'lpr'eniJen''e !<; Pan Luis Oblsr').....72
Fr»?no !-4 San luepo Tu
Ii<"J Bluff 1^6 •
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature
CS: minimum. E3; mf-an. 60.
WXATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen elowlr on the coast
cf California and has risen over Eastern Ore-
Km and Idaho. An arr-a of low pressure of the
usual summer type overlies the valley of the
Colorado.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionaiT alor? the coast. In the preat vallevs
of California th» tem;-eratures are about nor
mal.
A rr.r.xlmum -wind velocity of twontv-olg-ht
milfs pr hr.ur frf.m the south is reported at
El Pasc.
A thunderstorm is rpportM at Pocat<>Ilo
Forecast mad* at Kan Francisco for thirty
li^urs. fr.A'.np m!<1niRht. July 27, 15(<C>:
Northfra <"a!i:om!a— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds.
Pnuthrrn r a llforr.'.a-Fa!r Friday; light
rorthwfst winrte.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
Utah— Cloudy; cooler Friday; probably show
er* In northern portion early in the day
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Ban Frar.clrco and vicinity— Fair Fri.i.iy
l?rht northerly wind. chanpinR to fresh west
erly wind, with fojr in th* a-lt^rnoon
ALEXAXDEK O. McADIE
Fcrecast OfflcUl
The Queen of the Isles cleared yesterday for
the Marshall Iflar.ds with a cargo valued at
13974. inciu<::ng the following: 6 rs dry ir^s.
6 cf F.aj.. C pki;s mlllw<>rk. —.274 ft lumb'r,
Kl r-kgs groceries and provisions. C000 Fhingles.
Cargo for Marshall Islands.
The eteamer Titar.Ia Failed yesterday for
Nariain:o with 41 k*>£s Bpikes, 8 bars steel, 1
cs hardware and 1 reel vire rope; value. $o6i
Merchandise for Xanaimo.
The Italian ship Francesco Olarr.pa clearM
yesterday for Queer.stown for rrders, with !¦".
£76 ctiE wheat, valued at IM.S0Q. and IS.V0 ft
lumber dunnage, valued at SZl'j. Total valu-.
$*\~U.
Wheat Shipment.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of 1264.
€72. consisting of $S!>.M>3 lo Mexican dollai?.
j:C!S in gold c.iin. S;2-\S04 !n sliver bullion and
$U«4; in silver yen.
Treasure Shipment.
The Jehu G. North loaie merchandise for
Honolpu.
Charters.
FRIDAY. JX'LT 27.
4-H state » Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time, and Heights of H!eh and Low
Raters at Fort Pc!nt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
"""Sty ° f lh * Superintendent.
trfmJl * I (Mission-street whirO aftout
n? hid? r ? in . u , tes !at ' r than at Fcr t Point:
the height of tide l 3 the same a both places.
Sfhrr lower. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $264,6/2 to China,
High prices for house and steam Coals expected.
Wheat dull, with weaker futures.
Barley firmer cn-d in better demand.
Oats strongly held. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay market still laboring under heavy receipts.
Beans zvell cleaned up and nominal.
Potatoes cheap and plentiful, but selling well.
Tomatoes and Onions zveak and abundant.
Butter and Eggs firm. Cheese zceak and dull.
Poultry market weak, with large stocks.
Fresh Fruits about as before.
Dried Fruit market in much better shape and firm.
0 paiing prices for Prunes deferred to August 10.
Provisions dull and featureless.
Hops firmly held, but inactizv.
Wool cud Hides continue dull.
Meat market unchanged.
V. S^.vjnS..
Branch Hydrc-graphic Office. XJ. S M , M"er-
Ju*y nt ?6. im hanse> San cal..
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
o'cfo^lc -, n £? n £* th * 120th meridian, or at 3
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Time Ball.
CORX— Fpot. firm: American mixed (new),
3s lO^d; American mixed (old), 3s lid. Fu
tures, quiet; September, 3s 10»id; November,
3s lid.
WHEAT— Spot, steady: No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s 24d: No. 1 California, 6s ldQSs 2d.
Futures, dull; July, nominal ; September, 6s Id:
December. 6s l%d.
LOXDOX. July 26. — Consols. 97 11-16; pllver,
27»i: French rentes. 99f 90c: cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 30s; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 26.— Wheat, steady: Xo. 1
standard California. 6s l'£d ( ff6s 2Vfcd; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, pteady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5s 25-22d.
CLOSIXG.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. July 26.— Wheat, quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 5Sc; club, 56c; both for
export.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, July 26.— There Is not much of
interest In the wheat situation and prices re
main to a large extent nominal. Some sales
were reported to-day at prices ranging from
E«c to 5Gc, and Walla Walla and valley were
quoted at 55c. The milling demand is very
light on account of the trouble In the Orient.
Foreign shipments of wheat from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 267,132 bushels.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 26.— Clearings, $217.
015; balances, $29,054.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, July 26.— An effort was made to
sustain the market for tin in bidding $34 for
spot, but the July delivery, which means only
a few days later, was offered at $33, with only
$32 bid. The market, however, closed steadier,
at $34 for spot, while the London market closed
10s lower. Copper was quiet and unchanged, at
$16 50. Lead and spelter also ruled quiet on the
basis of $3 97HJT* 02\i and $4 i:M\ 30. respec
tively. Iron was dull and unsettled, at $13 for
piglron warrants. The brokers' price for lead
was $3 95 and for copper $16 50.
New York Metal Market.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Plums— Yellow
Egg, $1 20 single crate; Egg, $1 25: Quacken
boss, $1 35. Prunes — Germans. $1 25 single
crate. Pears— Bartletts, $1 loffl 30 box and COo
half-box. Peaches— Early Crawfords. 2o@G0e
box; Fosters, 45@a0c box. Ten cars fruit sold
to-daj;.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Earl Fruit Company
fales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 10@l E0 box. Peaches— Early Crawfords. 25®
90c box; Foster, 45f?9Oc. Plums— Yellow Egg,
$1 loiJTl 25 single crates: Wlckson. average *1 30.
Prunes— Germans, $1 20@l 25 single crates;
Tragedy, averaged $1 25.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Pears— Bartletts.
$1 25@1 55 box. Peaches — Early Crawfords. 75c@
$1 05 box. Plums— Purple Duane, 60@75c; Kel-
Eey Japans, 50e<f$l 05. Prunes— Germans, 60@95c
flngle crate. Grapes— Malagas, average $2 12^4
single crates. Xectarlnes — Averaged $1 05 sin
gle crates. Thirteen cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 100
1 55 box and 60-£65c half-box. Plums— Yellow
Egg. 75ci5?$l 20 single crate: Bradshaws. $1;
Washington. 90c; Purple Duane, 75c; Jefferson,
70c; Kelsey, $1 10; Burbanks 60*3650. Necta
rines—$1 35 single crate. Prunes— Germans.
Jl 05 single crate; Gros, 70c. Peaches— Early
Crawfords. S5c box; Tuscan. $1 03@l 10.
MONTREAL, July 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears—Bart
letts. $1 35 to $1 60, average $1 44. Peaches-
Early Crawfords, 70c to 90c. average 75c. Two
cars sold to-day.
@1 HO, average $1 31. Peaches— Early Craw
fords, box, 75c@$l. averaee S5c. Plums—Bur
banks, single crates, $1@1 40. average $1 10: Kel
sey Japans, single crate, average $1 25; Satsu
ma. single crates, average $1 22. Prunes—
Tragedy, single crates average $1 30; Germans,
single crates. 90c@$l 20, average $1 10. Two
cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
BOSTON', July 26 The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and re
alized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts.
box, $1 60@2 20, average $1 SS. Peaches-Early
Crawfords. box. 65c@$l 03. average 76c; Foster,
box, 60cff$l 10, average 76c. Plums— Burbanks,
single crates. S0c@$l 10, average 94c; Ogon, sln
fcle crates, 70c@$l 15 average 94c: Purple Duane,
single crates. 90cig$l 15 average $1 04; Satsuma,
single crates, S0c<&$1 25. average $1 05. Ten
cars sold to-day. •
PHILADELPHIA, July 28. -The Earl Fruit
Company realized the "following prices for Cal
ifornia, fruit sold at auction tb-day: Pears —
Bartletts, box. $1 15<gl 30, average $1 26. Plums
— Jeffeison, single crate, average 95c; Purple
Duane, single crate, 95c@$l 10, average $101;
Quakenbos, single crates, average $1 25; Yellow
Egg, single crate, average $1 40. Prunes — Ger
mans, single crates. $1 05^1 15, average $1 14.
Four cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
PITTSBURG. July 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Pears— Bartletts, box, $1 15
WASHINGTON'. July 26.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows
«)i*il able cafih balan ce, J151.158.6S1; gold. $71.-
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Money on call, steady,
lViSl^ per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4@
i\ per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with ac
tual business in bankers' bills at $4 S7?i for de
mand and at $4 S3Ts for 60 days; posted rates,
» 84Vi@4 85 and $4 SSU; commercial bills, $4 83>,4.
Bar silver, 60Uc; silver certificates, 61@C2>ic;
Mexican dollars, 4Sc. Bonds — Government,
strong; State. Inactive; railroad, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Atchlson, 26ft; Canadian Pacific. 90; Union
Pacific preferred, 77; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 73; Grand Trunk, 6»i; Anaconda. SV..
Bar silver, steady, 26 13-16d per ounce. Money,
3&3% per cent.
CLOSING
XEW YORK. July 26— The" Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were heavy during the early
part of the session, but In the afternoon there
was a sharp revival of tone, on a scramble
among the bears to reduce their commitments
in home railway shares. There was no news
from abroad, excepting concerning the forward
movement of Lord Roberts. Americans were
very few and dull. Paris has been buying
xlntos.
London Market.
r^R°2 £ Maine.. .189 Calumet & Hecla..745
Vu ,™ Q 126U Centennial 16H
... 88*» Franklin 13
n ml , S , teel 33»ilHumboldt 25
T- D °vE refd C6 [Osceola 60%
r-i £5""* » refd ---138Hi Parrot 40*
Mexican Centra!... 12 Santa Fe Copper.. 4Vi
Michigan Tel 85 Utah Mining....... 28
om r- G ? S & Coke " 16 ¦Wnona 2H
Old Colony 205 Wolverines 38'i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10iAc per lb for
heavy, lOUOJ-O^c for light medium, ll&c for
light. 12'^c for extra light and 14Vjc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar- cured Hat«.3 v>si\i~-
Mess Beef. ?12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13 Kam'
lly. $14; extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear m*
Mess. $18 DO; Smoked Beef. 12Vs@13c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound ond SHc for pure: half-barrels DU ~
S%c; 10-lb tins, 9\ic; 5-Ib tins. 9?ic. '
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. %t. c . thrPB
half-barrels. 8&c; one tierce, SHc; two 'tierces
8&c; five tierces. S%c per lb. "erces.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain. as previously quoted
Hides are In liberal supnly, weak, and dull'
Wool Is neglected and nominal. Hops are firm
ly held by the growers and generally . rather
above the views of buyers.
H1DKS AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about' lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, medium, 8VSc; light, 8'4c; Cow
hides. S%c; Stags; 6c; Salted KIp,8c': Calf 9c-
Dry Hides, : sound, 15c; culls and : brands I2e'
Dry 7 Kip. . 15c; Dry Calf. 15c; Sheepskins'
Shearlings. 20fi30c each: short Wool. 30Q50C
Taking the situation as a whole the Dried
Fruit market is looking much stronger than
it did a month ago. I^ate mall advices from
New York say: "Dried Fruit men here have
as yet felt no direct effects, so far as can be
learned, in the lines of an Increased activity,
but it Is considered certain that the war In the
East will materially hflp the situation In this
line as well as in canned coods.."
DKiriD t UcttsS— um Crop— t'runes, nominal
—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. 5i*<i?6c: sun
dried. 3'i?4c per lb: Black Figs, l-\ti'2c: White
Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, 7Hc: Unbleached
Plums. 60 for pitted and l *•^ % for unnltted
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6@7Hc for Royals and
Stt@10Vic for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5c: Peaches, oSS'.ic; Pears, S<3~\ic; Plums nlt
ted, 5S6c.
i«.Alsi*>S — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Ih, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per tb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per Ib. SV4c: choice. 7«*c; standard, 6Hc
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless
r.O-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown. loose Muscatels 5V,c'
3-crown, CVic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3 All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. g@10c for Standards and 9
flllc for soitshells; new Almonus, U'^i'a.iZ'Ac
for paper shell, 9V4@10Hc for soft and 6<fr7c for
hardshell. Peanuts, SiSJG^c for Eastern and
5(jj6c for California; Brazil Nuts, ll©l2Uo- Fil
berta, 12S13c: Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts. 13 co
05.
HONEY-Comb. i:®12Uc for bright and 11®
11H for light amber: wat»r white, m.(STUc
light amber extracted. 6Vifl6$;c; dark 5U«Co
per Ib. .7*»»<-
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
The Prune situation continues very uncertain.
The crop Is running so Irregular in size that the
Association has again deferred the announce
ment of opening prices in order to see what
percentage of larze sizes there will be before
making quotations. The date is now fixed at
August 10. The bulletin of the Association Just
issued reports that the drop still continues, and
that the June drop has now become merged
into the July drop, and that crop estimates of
ten days ago have been materially reduced.
Complaints of defective fruit are also becoming
genernl.
Peaches and Pears are steady, and choice lots
are readily taken up. Evaporated Apples are
opening low and weak.
The Dried Fruit market has begun to Im
prove materially during the past few days, and
from present Indications we will have a much
better market than we have been expecting.
Apricots lead In firmness. The early output,
which was composed chiefly of small and poor
fruit, is already about cleaned up, and the
later and larger fruit Is firm and advancing.
Tho yield is now given at 900 Instead of 1000
cars. The demand is brisk and increasing, and
the advanced quotations will be Been below.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
CI'tKOb FRUITS— Valencia*, $1 50©2; Lem
ons. $1 25S2 R0 for o^mmnn "nd $3'!?4 for griM
to choice; Mexican Limes, |8; Bananas, $1 23$
2 £0 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per doz.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 50c<ff$l 25 p«r case; Can
teloupes, ?1 50<@2 CO per crate; Watermelons, $3
@20 per 100.
PEACHES — 30@50c per box and " 30<g5Oc per
bosket; in carriers, CO^gSSc; in bulk, $13®22 50
per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona, $l(Jfl 23 per crate
for white and 63c for black. California—Foun
talnbleau, 5Oiii6Qc per crate; Muscats, 40@75c per
crate; Seedless, $l(gl 25 per crate; Sweetwater,
25<p«)c.
PLUMS— 2()@40c per box and crate and 20@35c
rer basket; in bulk, $5@15 per ton; Prunes, 25
Qbiic por crate and 25<S40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50@3 50 per chest for
large and $2 50-JJ4 for small berrl«s.
RASPBERRIES— $507 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-$2®4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $ per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 60<93 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb.
FIGS— Per box, 60c for single and $1 for dou
ble layer*.
NECTARINES— White. 40iS«)c per box; red.
40<S73c.
APPLES— 23@-40c per box for common and
EOc^l lor cood to choice; Crabapplea, 20@30c
per small box and 40<g6<">e per large box.
PEARS — Bartletts, 25@E5c in boxes and $ll>f?
20 per ton in bulk.
There are a good many old and blighted
Crabapples lying around and they are not
wanted.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS — 25@35c per box and crate; and
$12 50*> 20 per ton to the canners.
Lemons and Limes continue scarce and firm
Fipa continue scarce and high. Melons are
steady and have a wide range, according to
size and quality. Apricots are higher on can
ning account, and but few ar« coming In; Good
Peaches are firm, and choice in carriers sold
up to fcoc. Bartlett Pears are still slow, though
the feeling is not so weak, and stocks are nfit
as heavy. Plums are dull. There Is no par
ticular change in Grapes.
Berries of all kinds are about as previously
quoted.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER-
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 21@21^c; Beconds.
19H<S20c
Dairy— Fancy, lS>4@19c; good to choice. 17@
ISc; common, 15@16c.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— 18<g 20c.
OHEESK — .New, Sig'Sc; Young America, 9%®
10c: Eastern. 13H^14»ic; Western. 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14517c for store and lS@22c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 14817c.
and the Humboldt creameries are also reducing
their output. At the same time the advance is
shutting off the demand from the south,
though this is offset by a good demand for In
terior account.
Cheese is weak and plentiful.
Eggs are cleaning up and firm at the ad
vance already noted. Sales of choice Mlnneso
tas to arrive at ISc are reported.
The Butter market is In good shape. The
small creameries are drying up more or less
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9®llc for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50;
Unwllnits. $1 Zfwtil SO : Ducks. $3<LM tor old and
$3^4 for young; Hens. $3S'6; Young Roosters.
S4@6; Old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers, $3-31
3 50; Broilers, |2 50®3 for large and $1 5o<g2 for
small f Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves. 60<j?60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, Jl 25@1 50.
A car- of Eastern sold at lie for Turkeys.
$3 60 for Ducks. $6@6 50 for Hens and $4 50@5
for old Roosters.
Doves were quiet and weak.
Local stock was In good supply and very
dull, except good fat Hens, which brought up
to J6, though such stock- was rather scarce for
a regular quotation.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Yellow, 85c@|l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c<g$l per sack;
$1@1 25 per crate for Berkeley and Jl-gl 50 for
Alameda; Asparagus. 75c(SJ$3 per box; Green
Peas, 3@5c per lb; String Beans, lH®*c; Limas,
3@4c; Cabbage. 40<a»Oc: Tomatoes, Hlvers, 36®
60c; Bay, $1; Egg Plant. 60<375c per box;
Green Okra, $l@l 25; Green Peppers. 35©50c per
box for Chill and 50®'75c for Bell: Dried Tep
pers, 8@10c; Carrots. 25@33c per sack; Summer
Squash, 40i@50c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 25®35c
for Alameda: Pickles. 35@75c; Garlic, 2@3c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12015 per ton.
Onions are In large supply. Potatoes are
also plentiful, though a fair demand la re
ported. Sweets are coming in freely for the
first of the season. Tomatoes continue weak.
Other Vegetables stand about the same.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; New Early
Rose, 25@30c: Burbanks. 33<{?63e for Rivers and
75®85c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 2Vi@3'4c per
pound.
Dealers report Beans dull and pretty well
cleaned up, though there are a good m&ny
damaged Pinks still on hand. Quotations are
more or less nominal under the circumstancesr
BEANS— Bayos, J2 65@2 73; Small White, $3 33
@3 40; large White, $2 C0©2 75; Pink. $2@2 85;
Red, $3 25@3 50; Blackeye. $3 SO; Lima. $5 30®
5 40; Pea. nominal; Red Kidneys, $4g4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 90<g2 20; Canary, 3V4c per
Ib for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp. 4@4V*c; Timo
thy, 4154^40.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. |2 25g2 50; Green, |2 21
62 JO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
$4@6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley. $6 CO@S 30 per
VrRAW— 25@40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the le.'t
hand column and the successive tides of th-»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tfca
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third ttin
and the last or right hand column gives th»
three tides, as .•ometlmes occurs. Th^ heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a. minus sign ( — ) precedes the' height,
and then the number given l«i subtracted from
the d^pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the !w»r low »a*»ni.
FOR THURSDAY, JUX.T 26. 1900.
, Flour, (jr sks 16.322:Bran. sks 68*
Wheat, ctls 53,533 Middlings, sks.... 233
Barley, ctls 4,5iJ0;Hops, bales 30
Oats, ctls 2,950. Hay, tons 790
Butter, ctls 494 Pelts, bdls 6S
Cheese, ctls 212;Hide9, No 213
Tallow, ctls 20 Quicksilver, risks. 70
Sugar, ctls 9,700 j Leather, rolls 142
Sugar, sks 500;L.ime. bbls 1S2
Beans, sks 763; Chicory, bbls 25
Potatoes, sks 4,724JWool, bales 57
Onions, sks 570JEggs, dozen 23,340
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2.4S4/
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 6.5S2 Shorts, sks 1,250
Bran, ska 3,400
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered,
5.80c; Candy Granulated, S.sOc; Dry Granulated!
6.70c; Confectioners' A. 6.70c; Magnolia A. 5.3Oc.
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c; barrels, lOo
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, b.70o per lb.
COAL — Dealers report a very firm market
and predict high prices during: the coming fall
and winter. The Government Is taking large
quantities, but oil and electricity are expected
to somewhat offset the deficiency in steam
coals (or power. House coals will not be af
fected by the latter agency, and will probably
be scarce and high. Wellington, 19 per ton;
Southfleld Wellington, $3; Seattle. 17; Bryant.
IS; Coos Bay. $0 JO; Wallsend, *9; Co-operative
¦VVallsend, *3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, 111 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In
bulk and $13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $8 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per
ton. according to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6H@6Hc; Wool Bags, 2S^@32Hc;
Fleece Twine, 7^c; Fruit Bags. 6U®6»;c for
white and SUSS&c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 5%@5Tic for
medium and oWg.V&c for large; stock Hogs and
fetdcrs. o x At-i dressed Hogs. SifS'-c.
each: medium. 60@80c: Ions Wool. 90c®$l lo
each; Horse Hides, ealt. $2!&2 25 for large, Jl 75
ror medium. $1 icr small and 50c for colts-
Horse Hides, dry, |1 50 for large, Jl 25 f or me
dium, $1 tor small and 25@5©c for colts. r>e<> r .
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or- thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 25c.
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; X 3 . 2
3c; refined. 5V.c: grease. 2<g2Hc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows-
Northern free, 14#15c; Northern defective, 1231
14c- Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12@14e: Southern Mountain, u
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' 10©' 12c; Southern Mountain, defective
I months*. 8(Qllc; Humboldt and Mendoclno'
16@lSc: Nevada. 13@16c Der lb. Fall Cllp—Saii
Jnaouln Lambs', 8S9c per lb.
HOFS*-Old, nominal at 3-SlOc per Ib; new.
10@12c.
San Francisco Meat, Market.
There Is nothing new to report under this
BKEF— 5S6VIcper'lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc: small, 3®10c per lb.
MUTTON— \V«rthefs; V&G&!; ewes. 7@7}4c per
pound.
LAMB-Sprlng,. SH@9c per Jb.
canners, $2 15©2 90: bulls, steady. $3@4 GO;
calves. 25(&4Oc higher. JS@6 50. Texans—Re
ceipts. 1700; Texas fed steers, firm, $4 KW5 JO:
Texas grass steers, steady, J3 40@4 20; Texas
bu ''s steady. J2 60@3 40.
HOGS— Receipts. 27.000: to-morrow, 14.000;
left over, C000; market 10c lower; top, to 30;
closing weak; mixed and butcher, $5 05@5 30;
Rood to choice heavy, $5 O5®3 27>4: rough. $4 fO
®5; light. $5 0565 30; bulk of sales. $5 10@3 20.
SHEEP- Receipts. 10.000; sheep and lambs,
generally 10®15c higher; good to choice wethers.
$4 15@4 t0; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@4 10;
western sheep, $4®4 40; Texas sheep, $3#4;
native lambs, {4 25#5 So; Western lambs, $5@fl.
* : " *
California Fruit Sales.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .JULY 27, 1900.
TO ARRIVE.
Foreign Futures.
SAII
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Chicago Grain Market.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ! Pier.
r r r
Orizaba ...|Humboldt July 27. t pmjpier •
Columbia ..|Portland July 27. llamjPler 24
Abydos IHambunt July 27. 10 am! Pier 7
North PorklHumboldt July 27. 9 am'Pter I
Colon iNewYork July 23, 13 m'PM33
Santa Rosa; San Dleso I July 28. 11 amlPler 11
CoqulIIe R..|Gray» HarborfJuly 28. 3 pml
TV*. KniKer.|Tlllamook July 2S. 13 m s P1er 3
Eureka ....|Humbol«3t July 23, IDainlPler 13
Pt Arena. .jPotnt Arena.. July 30, 2rm l Pler 3
City Pufbla I Victoria July 30. 9am|Pt?r <»
D*l Norte.. Portland July 30. 8 amiPler 20
Coos Bay... Newport July 30, 9 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Bay July 31, 13 aftrPier 13
Corona iSan Ptegro Aug. 1. 11 amiPler II
Arcata ICoos Eay Augr. 1. 12m!Plerl3
Sta'e Ca!.. I Portland Uuc 1. 11 am'Pler 2»
J. Klmball.lCape Xome...|Aug-. 1. 3 pm'Pler 2
Czarina ...(Seattle Aug. 2
Bonlta ....| Newport |Au». 3. 9 ain|Pler U
Steamer,
Prom
Due
W. H. Krasfr..
Alameda
Point Aiena....
.ISan Pe<iro
.i Australia.........
.IPolnt Arena
JJuly 27
.July 27
.[July 27
Empire
I'ureka
JCoos Bay ,
. [Hnmboldt
.(July n
.July 21
Coo« Bay
Cuiwan
Pel N'orte
.Newport
.iMfXiC"
.[Portland
.[July 2*
.I.Tuly 2<»
.[July n
Victoria '.
. i Oyster Harbor...
. I July h
Mackinaw
• ISeattle
.|July 25
St-»te of Cal
Czarina
Willamette ....
. ! Oyster Harbor...
.ISeattle ,
'. July 39
. July M
Orizaba
Arcata
Corona
Walla Walla
City of Sydney.
Bonlta
.|Humboldt
-iCoos Bay
.ISan Diego
. Victoria
. New York
.IXewport
.jju!y 33
.(July Z>
J.Tulv
. July n
. July 31
. Aucr. i
Prosrreso
San Mateo
Washtenaw ....
Xorth Fork ....
Crescent City...
.ITaeoma
. I Xanalmo. ........
. I Tacoma... ........
.[Humboldt
.ICrescent City....
. Aug. 1
Aug. 1
. Augr. l
Aug. 2
Aug. I
Sun rises
X-r*
Sun sets
5:^
-.-v»
Moon sets
.7:1
C Time I
f Ft. f
t L W
ITlme;
!h wi
F
JFt.
27 ... 5:53 —0.3
23 ... 6:2-1 0.0
II W
29 ... 0:42! 5.0
30 ... 1:29| 4.«
31 ... i:15 4.2
1 ... 3:CS ! 3. SI
2 ... 4:131 3.81
12:531
1:2»|
L. WI
6.C6'
7:23!
7:K5!
I 8:2*!
I 9:00'
5.
5.
0.
1.
1.
I.
z.
.2! ¦
.21 t
JH
.5 :
.0! :
¦ 4| 1
-9t I
.3! -
S:
¦:
t^
2:
3:
3:
4:
-':¦
V
>?¦
4 t;
2.
2.
5.
1
s.
R.
5.
_!.
!d
• 5 ;
¦ 2 1
.2!
.l !
.n
.9
"iv
7:21
S:1T
9:59
¦V-T
i
i.»
2.4
1 2.2
•J 2.1
t 1.9
I l.«
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ! Pier.
r r r
Orizaba ...|Humboldt July 27. t pmjpier •
Columbia ..|Portland July 27. llamjPler 24
Abydos IHambunt July 27. 10 am! Pier 7
North PorklHumboldt July 27. 9 am'Pter I
Colon iNewYork July 23, 13 m'PM33
Santa Rosa; San Dleso I July 28. 11 amlPler 11
CoqulIIe R..|Gray» HarborfJuly 28. 3 pml
TV*. KniKer.|Tlllamook July 2S. 13 m s P1er 3
Eureka ....|Humbol«3t July 23, IDainlPler 13
Pt Arena. .jPotnt Arena.. July 30, 2rm l Pler 3
City Pufbla I Victoria July 30. 9am|Pt?r <»
D*l Norte.. Portland July 30. 8 amiPler 20
Coos Bay... Newport July 30, 9 am Pier 11
Empire .... Coos Bay July 31, 13 aftrPier 13
Corona iSan Ptegro Aug. 1. 11 amiPler II
Arcata ICoos Eay Augr. 1. 12m!Plerl3
Sta'e Ca!.. I Portland Uuc 1. 11 am'Pler 2»
J. Klmball.lCape Xome...|Aug-. 1. 3 pm'Pler 2
Czarina ...(Seattle Aug. 2
Bonlta ....| Newport |Au». 3. 9 ain|Pler U
Steamer,
Prom
Due
W. H. Krasfr..
Alameda
Point Aiena....
.ISan Pe<iro
.i Australia.........
.IPolnt Arena
JJuly 27
.July 27
.[July 27
Empire
I'ureka
JCoos Bay ,
. [Hnmboldt
.(July n
.July 21
Coo« Bay
Cuiwan
Pel N'orte
.Newport
.iMfXiC"
.[Portland
.[July 2*
.I.Tuly 2<»
.[July n
Victoria '.
. i Oyster Harbor...
. I July h
Mackinaw
• ISeattle
.|July 25
St-»te of Cal
Czarina
Willamette ....
. ! Oyster Harbor...
.ISeattle ,
'. July 39
. July M
Orizaba
Arcata
Corona
Walla Walla
City of Sydney.
Bonlta
.|Humboldt
-iCoos Bay
.ISan Diego
. Victoria
. New York
.IXewport
.jju!y 33
.(July Z>
J.Tulv
. July n
. July 31
. Aucr. i
Prosrreso
San Mateo
Washtenaw ....
Xorth Fork ....
Crescent City...
.ITaeoma
. I Xanalmo. ........
. I Tacoma... ........
.[Humboldt
.ICrescent City....
. Aug. 1
Aug. 1
. Augr. l
Aug. 2
Aug. I
Sun rises
X-r*
Sun sets
5:^
-.-v»
Moon sets
.7:1
C Time I
f Ft. f
t L W
ITlme;
!h wi
F
JFt.
27 ... 5:53 —0.3
23 ... 6:2-1 0.0
II W
29 ... 0:42! 5.0
30 ... 1:29| 4.«
31 ... i:15 4.2
1 ... 3:CS ! 3. SI
2 ... 4:131 3.81
12:531
1:2»|
L. WI
6.C6'
7:23!
7:K5!
I 8:2*!
I 9:00'
5.
5.
0.
1.
1.
I.
z.
.2! ¦
.21 t
JH
.5 :
.0! :
¦ 4| 1
-9t I
.3! -
S:
¦:
t^
2:
3:
3:
4:
-':¦
V
>?¦
4 t;
2.
2.
5.
1
s.
R.
5.
_!.
!d
• 5 ;
¦ 2 1
.2!
.l !
.n
.9
"iv
7:21
S:1T
9:59
¦V-T
i
i.»
2.4
1 2.2
•J 2.1
t 1.9
I l.«
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL SALE
UNI\-ERSITY STABLF.S- at PALO ALTO.
Santa Clara County. Cai..
-o-Monuon.
SATURDAY July 23
* HORSES. 1 HACK.' -F^EATERS. PHAE-
IVA i Vo SAFE - HARNESS. KOU£d. ROCK-
AWA\S. "WHIPS etc
SULLIVAN* & DOYLE.
n ,_ .„ Livestock Auctioneers.
Office— *27 Ri-.y, o._- a .The regular Democratic; Club of the
Thirty-ninth District will give a smoker
next Wednesday night at Saratoga Hall.
All the Democrats of the- district are in
vited.
Young Woman Commits Suicide.
May Johnson, a young- woman, dlpd at
the Receiving Hospital early this morn-
Ing from the effectf of a dose of carbolic
acid which she had taken with suicidal
intent. She resided at 111 Geary street.
Despondency was the cause of ber act.
Poolseller's Clerk Arrested.
J Lm:5i= RoMnctte. a clerk In Crowley's
poolrooms. «a» arrested by Pollcr'tn
Xynan and Waller yesterday on a charge
cf violating the ordinance against pool
selllr.jr. Nyhan bought a pool ticket from
Kobinette on a race at Hawthorne Park.
Cfclcago.
Christian Endeavor Outing.
The tenth annual outing of the Golden
Gate Christian Endeavor Union on Mount
Tamalpaif yesterday wax a successful af
fair. Tiw day was pleasantly passed by
the rxcurfionists in viewing the scenery
and listrning to the rendition of a fine
programme prepared by the committees
iiavir.g the affair !n charge.
Thief Was Fond of Smoking.
William Retallach- drove down Wash
ington street yesterday afternoon with a
lot of goods belonging to A. J. Godeau of
3 Mission streej. He stopped at G29 Wash
ington street and went up into a house
for a moment to make a delivery of
vares When he came back he found
that a thief had taken 1000 cigarettes and
spveral pounds of tobacco in his absence.
He reported his Iops to the Callfornia
ptreet police station. %,:•-, ,
Journalist Banqueted.
About, forty of the well-known mer
chants ftf the city grave a banquet at the
Palace Hotel last night to D. O. Haynes,
president and general manager of the
New York Commercial. The publication
is one of. the mosf influential of its class
in the world, hence the honor. paid-Sir
Haynes. P. C. Rossi, president of the
Italian Swiss Colony, was chairman and
shared his duties with Irving M. Scott
and others. Speeches and toasts were
well received and an excellent repast was
partaken of.
Central Republican Club.
An T.thLisiastic meeting of the Central
Republican Club . was held Wednesday
evening at Saratoga Hall. Thirty-one
n<-w members Figned the roll, making a
total ra^mb^rphip of over 500. Congress
man Kahn h«s accepted an invitation to
addr^ps the club at Saratoga Hall August
K at S p. m. A committee was appointed
to 'iigage musical talent for that evening.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
furnish r-Ight four-round bouts this even
ing in Its monthly programme of fistic
sports. The matches will be held in the
club ronmF, 317 Sixth street. The- follow
ing is the programme: Jack Archie vs.
Kd Thomas, 117 pounds ; Kid Lean vs.
Fred Landers, IIS pounds: E. J. McQuade
vs. Steve Nickktt. US pounds: A. Amlot
vs." J. Daly. 135 pounds: William Pensrelly
vs Bob Guerin, 138 pounds; Mike Curtln
vs Charles Smith. 143 pounds; H. Silver
vs Kid Jeffries. 145 pounds; W. Moreno
vs.' Joe Lang. 156 pounds. Alex Greggalns
will referee all the bouts.
EIGHT FOUR-ROUND BOUTS
FORM THE PROGRAMME
Bear Club Meeting.
The meeting of the Bear Club in its
hall at 121 Eddy street last night was an
€ nthusiaptie one. A vacancy in the ex
ecutive committee was rilled by the elec
tion of J. K. Jones. Captain Kneer of
Company B Drill Corps reported a mein
bership of pighty-nve. all of whom have
Kt'«n service in Manila. Colonel George
Etone, chairman of the Republican Stale
Central Committee, informed the mei;i
1>» r*= that the campaign would open in this
S;at» on S*-pt»-mli<t-r 1. Colonel Ston*> m
upected Company A of the drill corps
*nd wa? highly pleased by the progress
made. The Hear Club Band rendered^sev
eral se!f>ctlons durinp the evening.
Charles Dickman Arrives.
Charles J. DIckman, an artist who went
abroad three years ago to study painting
in the schools cf France. Germany and
Italy, has returned to San Francisco. His
talent won him recognition in Europe.
Mr. Dickman will establish a studio in
this city.
OAKLAND. July 26.— The marriage on
April SO et Santa Cruz of Miss Mabel C.
Adams, daughter of Deputy County Re
corder Frank Adams, to W. Sheldon Dun
ning, son of Rev. H. P. Dunning,
has been announced. The bride broke th#
secret yesterday by Informing her
parents. The young folks have been
friends from childhood. There was ob
jection on the part of the groom's
mother to the wedding. There will be a
reception next Tuesday at the residence
of the bride's parents on East Twenty
sixth street in honor of the young couple.
Dunning is a railway mail cli?rk.
WEDDING KEPT SECRET
FOR SEVERAL MONTHS
Austin Fitzgerald, an aged man resid
ing- at 1S14 Larkln street, has been miss
ing from his home since Tuesday morn
ing. Fitzgerald Is feeble minded and has
been under guard for a long time. Tues
day he managed to escape through a
back door. He is 75 years of age.
Aged !.Ian Missing.
Drummers Enjoy Themselves.
The San Francisco Commercial Travel
ers' Association celebrated the fourth an
niversarv of their existence at Union
Square Hall last night with an entertain
ment and ball.
Marcus Glstan, a miner from Amadnr
County, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital early yesterday morning from the
Potrero police station. His right eye
was nearly gouged out and his face was
badly beaten. He said he had snent
Wednesday night with a. friend and felt
jolly as he made his way to the New
Washington Hotel, on Fourth street,
where he was stopping. He lost his bear
ines ard met a man who took him to a
bridge at the foot of the street, where
another man joined them. The two men
knnoked him down and took his silver
watch -He had 146 In his pocket, but they
did not touch the money. The police are
investigating his story.
Claims He Was Robbed.
The committee of arrangements for the
postofflce clerks 1 ball, to be held in Na
tive Sons 1 Hall Wednesday. August 1. has
completed its preparations. something
new and novel is promised in the way of
decorations. The committee has secured
the services of »ne of the best orchestras
in the city. _ _ ' ¦
Postofflce Clerks' Ball.
The M. S. Dollar Steamship Company
has been incorporated, with a capitaliza
tion of J250.000. of which J142.500 has been
subscribed. The directors are Robert Dol
far Charles S. Neal. Charles W. Griffin.
Robert J, Tyson and George Scott.
New Steamship Company.
OAKLAND. July 2S.— A strange story of
robbery was narrated to-night to the po
lice by a Japanese house servant em
ployed by William Dreynan. residing at
227 Tenth street. Some money was stolen
from the house to-day and the police were
requested to Investigate. The Japanese
told Chief Hodgkins that he was working
about the rear of the place and went to
the front, hearing a noise, the family be
tnp absent. Footprints leading to an open
window were observed. The Japanese
followed into the house through the win
dow, and says he was seized by a China
man who sprang from behind a door.
He was tied, hands and feet, thrown Into
a chair, struck several times, and left
there while his assailant ransacked tho
house Then the Chinaman reappeared,
loosened the tied feet and fled. The Jap
anese made hl» way to the door, but could
not open it with his hands, so he turned
the knob with his mouth, but the thief
had fled. The police do not believe the
story. . ¦'"' _ .
Strange Story of Robbery.
Under the Cherry Blossoms.
• "Japan Revisited," the second of the
Burton Holmes lectures at. the Columbia,
proved an even more delightful though
hardly more Interesting talk than, the one
of last week on Manila.- An unusually
.large audience greeted the efforts of the
lecturer yesterday afternoon and tha
Masonic Banquet.
OAKLAND. July 2o.— A general gather
ing of the Blue lodges of the Masonic fra
ternltv will be held on Friday evening at
the Masonic Temple. The grand officers
of the fraternity from San Francisco wilt
be present, ana there will be addres-K j
by many prominent Masons. Uv* OaJc
Lodge will act as host.
FOOTBALL GAMES FOR ,
THE COMING SEASON
BERKELEY, July 26.— The schedule of
football games for the coming season to
be played between the two universities
and the Reliance Athletic Club Is as fol
lows: September 23. at Palo Alto, Reliance
vs. Stanford; October 6. at Berkeley, Re
liance vs. California: October 13. at Palo
Alto. Reliance vs. Stanford: October 20,
at Berkeley, Reliance vs. California; Oc
tober 27, in San Francisco, California
Freshmen vs. Stanford Freshmen: No
vember 3. In San Francisco. Reliance v%.
Stanford;. November 10. In San Francisco.
Reliance vs. California.
The Olympic Club wtil not appear on the
gridiron this year, but the Reliance Club
will be out with a good eleven. Pete
Smith will be manager and Eugene Shee
ny captain. The team will be picked from
the following men: Greisberg, Atkinson,
Munroe, Sheehy, Bandy, Hamilton. Platt,
Gold worthy. Varnejr. Thlerkauf. McNevlu.
Dhismore and Howard.
Arnold Had Brief Liberty.
For a brief period yesterday Julian T.
I^idduiph Arnold, son of Edwin Arnold.
the poet, was free ; This did not last
rrar.y minutes, for a new complaint was
gworn to by the British Vice Consul,
charpinjj embezzlement In peneral terms!
and Arnold was rearre.«ted. I'pon appli
cation of Attorney Schlesinger the first
charge made against Arnold was dis
missed by 1'r.ited States Commissioner
Heaeock. Thf second complaint, which
vas tiled a few days ago. was unaccom
panied by an order for commitment, and
this technical defect left Arnold a free
man when the orifrinal embezzlement
oharjre was withdrawn. Arnold Is only
Technically in custody, as he Is living at a
hotel i:i Berkeley.
Shot by an Insane Woman.
While suffering from temporary' aberra
tion .of the mind Mrs. Mary Mahoney,
aged 34 years, living at 3S0 Shotwell street,
fired two shots at John J. Dillon last
night. One of the bullets struck him In
the groin and the other In the leg. The
wounded man was taken to the City and
County Hospital, where his wounds,
which are not considered fatal, were
dressed. Mrs. Mahoney was arrested and
charged with r.n assault to commit mur
der. The woman, who, it is said, was
formerly an inmate of the Napa Insane
Asylum, shot Dillon while laboring tinder
the hallucination that he had abused her.
Many Firemen in Court.
The injunction proceedings? instituted by
J. F. Kennedy to enjoin the Board of Fire
Commissioners from awarding contracts
for shoeing department horses to John
O'Rourke were again taken up by Judge
Jlebbard yesterday. Chief Sullivan, As
siPtaat Chief Dougherty. John Wiils and
many of their subordinates were in court
i ¦ t.stify regarding the manner in which
department horses were shod. Judge Heb
l ard remarked that it was evident that
the presence in court of the h*-ads of the
department and s=o many of their subor
dinates was against the interests of proo
<>rty owners and h» suggested that coun
ffl in the case, accompanied bv the official
stenographer, visit the various fire houses
and take the testimony, thus permitting
the firemen- to return to their quarters.
This plan was not acceptable to counsel
vit,h the result that all were examined on
the witness stand. Their testimony re
latrd to the shoeing of horses with" rub
ier, oakum ar.d other materials, but none
«-'<uld throw any light on Kennedy's con
tention that the board had discriminated
in favor of O'Rourke.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
CHICAGO, July 2S.-The efTort of President
Gompers of the American Federation of Labor
to bring about a Fettl<?ment of the Chicago
labor troubles has failed.
SACRAMENTO, July 26.— F. A. Johnson.
alias Davenport, and Harry Smith, anas Jlel
burn wanted in Portland. Or., for burglary,
were' arrested in this city to-day.
NEW YORK, July 26— H. L. Bridgeman, con
nected with the Peary relief expedition, re
ceived to-day a message from Channel, on the
west coast of Newfoundland, that the Wind
ward, the Peary relief ship, sailed this morn
ing.
SCRANTOX, Pa., July 2o.— The runners and
drlvtrs at the Delaware and Hudson mines hen;
strtKk to-day for increased wages. Four mines
here and three at Oliphant are now idle. In
all 4C00 men and boys are employed at the
mines.
PORTLAND Or.. July 26.— Judge A/asmuth
D Phattuck, one of th« best-known jurists in
Oregon, died to-day, aged 76 years. He came
to Oregon from Vermont in 1S53. For thr*e
successive terms, covering eighteen years, he
was elected State Circuit Judge without op
position.
FFtESNO, July 26.— County Assessor Ferguson
died shortly after 11 o'clock to-night, of pnx-u
monla He was a native of Kentucky and
was about 60 years 61d. He was elected on the
Fusion ticket two years ago and was a Populist
In politics. A widow and four children sur
vive him.
WEST BAY CITY, Mich., July 16.— The
schooner Pretoria, the largest wooden boat
ever built, was launched at Davidson's shlp
vard trus afternoon. The Pretoria will carry
5000 gross tons of iron ore or 175.000 bushels of
wheat She is 350 feet long-, 45ft feet beam and
27 feet deep.
CHICAGO July 26. — P. It. Robinson. John
Dwyer and Lyman L. KellogK, all doing busl
ne«9 in their own names, and J. M. Fiske of
the firm cf J M. Flake & Co.. a former vice
president of the Board of Trade, were suspend
ed to-day for one year by the directors of. the
board. The charge was buck«t-shoppfng. This
makes ten prominent members who have been
suspended in the last month for infraction of
the rules.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 26.— The United States
League of Building and Loan Associations
elected the following officers to-day: President,
J "Warren Bailey, Somervllle. Mass.; drat vice
president, GeorBe F. Kaftamayer. New Or
leans" second vice president. Alfred Barnes,
Decatur, 111.: third vice president. C. T. Har
touch Leavenworth. Kans. ; treasurer, Joseph
K. Gr'able, Philadelphia: secretary. II. C. Flar
lus, Cincinnati.
p. OBERT E. LLOYD has been ap-
I J pointed choir master of the Central
VX Methodist Church. The appoint
\ ment of this competent leader has
given much satisfaction to the mu
sicians concerned and assures a success
ful handling of. the music of the church.
R. A. Wise brings news of a favorite
Califomian composer from the East, Nat
Clifford Page. Mr. Page is now in New
York engaged In song writing and other
musical work. His career in London, dur
ing which time his excellent Incidental
music to Chester Bailey Fernald's "Cat
and the Cherub" was produced, was most
successful. It is unlikely that Mr. Page
will return to California. .
Jessie Padgham. the young singer from
Los Anpeles, who has come so prominent
ly forward in musical circles since her
Tecent debut, received her vocal education
in New York and Los Angeles. She
studied with Mrs. Margaret Skinner in
New York, and at her Los Angeles home
with Professor Morrison. Both teachers
may congratulate themselves upon the
work of their clever puptl.
Signor Martinez has returned from his
vacation and is again at work in the city.
Fred A. Gutterson is aaother returned
wanderer, and Mrs. Fannie Dam Hilton
has also returned to her teaching after a
long vacation.
Little Paloma Schramm has returned
from the Yosemlte Valley and will give a
concert in San Rafael on Saturday. July
27, assisted by the "little sister Karla."
It is said that Paloma will study this
winter with Professor Louis Lisser of this
city.
Harry Samuels will be heard In concert
in the early part of September in San
Francisco. .
Dr. Franklin Palmer announces- a spe
cial musical service at St. Dominic's
Church on St. Dominic's day, August 4.
Miss Anna Miller Wood will return from
the south on .Monday next and will begin
her work in San Francisco immediately.
The favorite contralto will be heard in
concert before her return to her adopted
home In Boston.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
I Jhe J>ay's £)ead I
Hon. J. M. Truitt.
SPRTNGFIELD, 111., July 26.— Hon. J.
M Truitt, a prominent lawyer and Re
nuhllcan politician of Southern Illinois
and candidate for nomination for Attor
ney General before the Republican con
vention in 1S36, died to-day of heart
failure. . *
E. G. Prout.
ST JOSEPH, Mo.. July 25.-E. G. Prout.
said to be a millionaire stockman of Deer
Lodge. Mont., died from heart disease
here late to-dav whHe en route. from hii
home to Topeka. He was taken 111 on a
Burlington train.
course bids fair to become aa popular here
as it is In the East.
The lecture will be repeated on Sunday
evening and the subject for next week
is "Round About Paris."
Hailroad Attorney Alleged to Have
Disobeyed a Subpena in
Merritt Case.
Horace W. Philbrook. who pained much
riotoriety through hi? fight against dis
bartOfjit a few years argo, has brought a
peculiar, suit in the Justice Court against
Attorney E. S. Pil'.Fbury to recover J1C0
under section 1<*2 of the Code of Civil
l*roccdure, which reads as follows:
A w!:r>s« O'.Fobeyir^ a eubpena. alro for
it-.'.f t<. the party aeirrlev<:-d the sum of $ino ar.d
Jill ilanjf'f he rr.ay sustain by the failure of
the wltaeai to attend, which damages and for
!t-;tur<? may be recovered in a civil action.
Philhrook al!«=gp S in his complaint that
on June 39 he bepan an action In the
Buperlor Court of Aiameda County, as pe-
Titiorej for thu? "guardianship of James
3\ Morritt. an incompetent person." He
t "rjsideT'd Attorney I'illsljury an Impor
tant witness in the case, and in order to
f*cure his testimony secured a subpena
<iir<-<'Tij«sr PlUsbory to api>ear on Juiy 1>
«>• lore Xotary Public K. C. Moseback at
412 Pine street, in this city, and there give
Is 'i<r>oFHion. Philbrook lays particular
Ftrnsa on the fact that the attorney de
inanoed and received his witness fee of
32 and 10 cents for mileage. According to
Philbrook. Piilsbury was on hand at the
notary'! office and promptly answered
(•nine of th" unimportant questions, but
refused to ar.Fwr-r the questions that Phil
brook considered mo=t important, and
efter one and a half hours under exam
ination retired from the scene agairst
the «trons protests of the plaintiff in this
Phllbruok assort* that in refusing to an
f w< r thf <iuestion« ar.d so abruptly ending
the examination Pillsbury disobeyed th*-
Fubpena and thus rendered himseif liable
under the ttaiute quoted.
PHILBRQOK DEMANDS
DAMAGES OF PILLSBUfff
General Shafter has received so many
applications from the wives of officers
who are anxious to join their husbands
abroad that he determined to make in
quiries about the quarters and hotel ac
commodations at Nagasaki. A few days
apo he telegraphed to Major Hyde, de
pot quartermaster at Nagasaki, and yes
terday received an answer. Major Hyde
states that there is positively no room
for the wives and children of officers. The
hotels are charging the highest rates.
Cattery D. Third Artillery, from San
Diego arrived at the Presidio yesterday.
The battery is commanded by Captain
Charles Humphreys.
Troop C of the Ninth Cavalry Is the
proud possessor of a certificate of merit
from the. War Department. It is a beau
tiful piece of work, containing the nam^s
of every officer and private of the troop
thikt participated in the famous charge at
Sart Juan Hill. C Troop led the charge
to the rescue of the Hough Kiders.
Troops C and H of the Ninth Cavalry
have not been topether since the stirring
times of J£38. and their meeting at the
Presidio yesterday occasioned a general
rejoicing." „ 1:
P»-ter D. Noon, a private of Company
F. Twenty-eighth Infantry. U. S. V.. died
at the general hospital yesterday of con
sumption. „ _
captain Frederick V. Krup. Tenth In
far.try. having relinquished the remaining
portion of his sick leave, will proceed to
the Philippine Jslaaids on the Meade. to
join his regiment.
Tho following orders have been issued
at the direction of the Secretary of War:
Major Cuxtliffe H. Murray is granted an ex
tension of two rnnnths' l«-ave of absence on sur
geon's certificate of disability.
Major Allen Smith, First Cavalry, is relieved
from duty as recruiting officer at Chicago by
Captain L<evl P. Hunt, Tenth Cavalry, and
will proceed to Seattle fcr duty with his r»-Bl
mont.
Acting A?s!stant Purg<K>n Samuel M. de
lv~,tfre will accompany the Kin-t Cavalry to the
Philippine Islands end will h* assigned to duty
by the commanding general of the I'hillppine
division upon hie arrival.
W Earl" Chapman. Harry C. ilany. Ralph
W Newton, William W. Reno. Michael J.
Ho'we. Louis A. Spaeth. Ldonei A. B. Street.
Isedor M. Ul«er and F.dward K. LamlUn. act-
Ing assistant furgeons, will report to the com
manding general, I>epartment of California,
for assignment to duty.
Captain Herbert S. Whipple. promoted from
first lieutf-nant. (=*ver.th Cavalry, Is assigned
to the Third Cavalry, vice Mackay, retired from
active service. ¦
First lieutenant Stephen M. Kochersp»rxer,
promoted from second lieutenant, Second Cav
alry, in assigned to the Seventh Cavalry, vice
Whi'rple. promoted. i; _\"
Second Lieutenant Leo M. Cutts. Eleventh
Cavalry. U- S. V., is granted an extension
of leave of one month.
Captain Ormond M. Llssak is relieved from
duty a* chief ordnance officer. Division of
Cuba, and In ae.Msrned to duty at the Frank
fort Arsenal. _
Peccnd Lieutenant Arthur F. Cassei? is or
dered to Join Batten' B. Seventh Artillery. «t
Second Lieutenant A. Mclntyre Is transferred
from the Ninth Cavalry to the 'Sixth Artillery-
Second Lieutenant A. P. 8. Hyde is trans
ferred from the Fifteenth Infantry to the Sev
enth Artillery. _ ,
Actlne Assistant Surgeon H. T* . Stukey is
to accompany a squadron of the Third Cav
alrv to the Philippines.
Wllmot E. Urnwn. John S. Xagle. fharle* F.
Smith Paul F. Morf. Charien H. Sloeckle and
Kr-anris M. Wall, acting assistant surgeons,
ar>* ordered to the Philippine*.
First Lieutenant William F. Talbott, Volun
teer Signal Corps, having tendered his resigna
tion, is honorably 'liwchanred from the service.
Depot Quartermaster Hyde
Telegraphs That the
Hotels Are Full.
NO QUARTERS AT
NAGASAKI FOR
ARMY FAMILIES
A. Sbarboro, the well-known banker and
president of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, is now in Italy. He
has written an interesting letter to E.
Goodwin, manager of the association, in
which comparisons between the Kast and
Kurope and this State are made. -Mr.
Sbarboro has been absent three month?,
and will prolong his visit three months
more. On account of his stay in Italy he
tendered his resignation, which the asso
ciation refused to accept. The letter was
written in Rome on the 6th inst., and in
it Mr. Sbarboro says:
Sine* I have left Ean Francisco I have seen
enough to make me quite a railroad man. All
the cities of the Eastern States owe their grtat
ness and prosperity to railroads. They are all
KTidironed with railroad tracks and their de
pots are some of their finest buildings and gen
erally In the very heart of the city. You un
doubtedly remember the two grand railroad de
pots in Philadelphia, right near the new City
Hall, eo convenient to the traveling public.
These buildings cost millions of dollars and
have given wurk to thousands of peuple for
years. A one or two million dollar building
opposite the City Hall would be of great bene
fit to San Francisco. Even here in Rome a
tine railroad depot I? situated near the center
of the city close to the best hotels.
How do*>s Europe compare with San Fran
cisco? Well, Europe is ahead of us In some
thine?, but we are not behind them in Others.
All tho great cities of Europe have made vast
improvements in the past thirty years. In
Fome rases entire districts in cities have been
changed from email streets and poor buildings
t<j wide boulevards and magnificent buildings.
This has been the case notably In Paris. Genoa,
Rome and Milan. These cities have had pro
gressive citizens and good city officials:. They
also have a remarkably good law in the mat
ter of award for damages for property taken
for public improvements. If the property
owner is not satisfied with the award, which
is generally a liberal one. the building is re
moved and the dispute settled afterward. Thus
no unreasonable obstructionist can stop the
march of Improvements for an indefinite period
of time. I assure you. sir, that if that plague
spot of Chinatown was In the heart of any
city either In the United States or Europe it
would not remain there three months. It has
already cost San Francisco more than several
times Its value. People I talk with cannot
understand how we can tolerate such a terrible
plague spot in our midst. I hope to see the day
when a beautiful garden 'will take Its place.
Europe, however, la away behind us in sev
eral practical upeful thlnrs. The elevator,
tven in Paris, and at the principal hotels, goes
up go flow that people generally prefer walk
ing. The telephone is not generally used as
we do, and as to Ions-distance telephone, it
is hardly known. What I do moet miss, how
ever, la my typewriter. You would hardly be
lieve that neither public office*, banks or large
commercial houses have any typewriters. Even
testimony in the courts is all taken down as la
the time of Cicero, In lonf? hand.
You have often heard of the famous Riviera.
It Is a stretch of land near the fleashore, ex
tending from Nice, in France, on the Ponente
(west), to Hpezia, in Italy, on the Levante
(east). This favored country, which contains
besides Nice, Cannes, Mentone, Monte Carlo
(the world-famed gambling castle), Hordlghera
• Immortalized In Ruffino's "Dr. Antonio"). San
Remo, Savona, Teglla (with the celebrated
Villa PalavIcinU, Genova, Rapallo, Recco,
Santa Margherlta. Portoflno. Chiavarl and
Sestrl. Is admitted by all the world to be
the garden Fpot of Europe. Well, I traveled
nearly all this favored country in a carriage,
so that I might better enjoy the flower bed.i,
oraiiee, lemon and olive proves and its beau
tiful" scenery and climate and in order that I
migrht int^lll«rently make a comparison of it
with California. .The result has be«n that
without the fear of contradiction I can now
eay that on the whole Riviera there Is not a
tree, a palm, a flower, or a shrub that cannot
be produced to the Tame perfection within a
radius of one hundred mile* around our Pan
Francisco. Infect the pe°p!e. of the Riviera
know this, for they have named two of theii
best diBtrlcts. ¦ 6ne In Nice and another at
Cannes. "California."
When I noticed on nn electric streetcar at
Nice, "Place Massona a Callfornle," I boarded
the ear, ro«ie out to "Californle" and found
Jt r»ally a most beautiful Fpot. I asked the
Intelligent conductor why the plare was namta
"rallfnrnle?" He answered. "Hecause It 1*
the namp of a beautiful, country in . Africa,
where they produce the oranpe and the lemon,
the trees ami the flowers and everything thai
we produce here, only In California the dates
do mature to perfection, which is not the case
in Nice." Now, if we excu«e the conductor's
want of Becjrraphlcal education and make al
lowance for the proverbial desire of the French
man to exaggerate In the reference to the ma
turing of the date, the balance was perfectly
correct. And to Bay that some of our wealthy
people leave California to spend their money
In Nice!
The time will come I am sure when tourists
will oome to California from all parts of tho
world, for we have many gifts of nature pos
sessed by no other country on the face of the
globe.
A. Sbarboro Says That in
Many Respects the West
Is Far Ahead.
CALIFORNIA AS
COMPARED WITH
NORTHERN ITALY
Colombian Government Will Have to
Answer for the Death of a
British Subject.
Special Dl.«ratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The United
States of Colombia will have shortly to
answer to Great Britain and the United
States for the death on May 31, at Tuma
coa, Colombia, of Reginal Paris, a Brit
ish subject. Mr. Paris died a victim of
the treatment he suffered at the hands of
General Vincente Micolta, in charge of the
Colombian Government forces near Tum
acoa.
Great Britain will be asked to press a
claim for £10,000 damages in behalf of
Mr. Paris' estate and the United States
will ask compensation for the loss of a
steam launch, the property of the Man
hattan Rubber Manufacturing Company,
taken from him by General Micolta.
Mr. Paris undertook to deliver mail to
the British ship Quito, lying off Morro.for
the Vice Consul at Tumacoa. He set out
in the launch Casenave. belonging to the
Manhattan company, with Thomas Clark,
a British subject, on March 17. They
were heid at Morro by General Micolta
and not allowed to continue. Paris was
taken prisoner and so abused that his
death resulted In nine weeks.
TELLS OF SANTIAGO BATTLE.
Chaplain Isaacs of the Texas Enter
tains Chautauquans.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 26.— This was
American day In the Chautauqua Assem
bly and all the exercises were of a na
tional and patriotic character. The pub
lic sessions opened with the forum hour
discussion, its subject to-day being "The
New America." A series of ten-minute
talks on all the important questions of
the day in their bearing upon American
aiTairs and other questions which are
purely American occupied this time. As
any one who wished— whether a Chau
tauquan or not — was at liberty to take
part in the discussion, the morning was
far the most interesting to the general
public during the session.
At the afternoon session Chaplain
Isaacs of- the battleship Texas told the
story of the naval battle off Santiago, as
witnessed by him, and of the part in the
great light played by the Texas and her
commander, the late Rear Admiral Philip.
An address on "The American Sunday
school," by Rev. Dr. Young of San Jose,
was also a feature of the afternoon and
the day's programme closed with an ad
dress on "American Homes" at S o'clock
by Dr. Thomas McClary of Minneapolis.
SANTA CRUZ REPUBLICANS.
They Are Organizing Two Fine Cam
paign Clubs.
Special Dispat-ch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— The Republi
cans of 'this city are organizing. Last
evening they held their first meeting at
the courthouse and.it was an enthusiastic
event. H. E. Cox presided and H. H. Mill
er' was elected temporary secretary." The
committee on permanent organization is
II. E. Cox, chairman, F. J. Hoffman T
W; McPherson. Dr. \V. R. Linscott. A. A*
Morey. H. J. Bias.
"VV. H. I^amb, H. D. Smith and G. II
Curtis were appointed to circulate the
membership roll:
It has been decided to organize a Mc-
Klnley and Roosevelt Club, with a drum
corps, and a mounted club.
VENTURA. July 26.— W. T. Williams aged
57 years, a prominent attorney of Los Angeles
died of heart failure at the residence of his
hrother, Ju4ge B. T. Williams, this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. He resided in Los Angeles during
the past fifteen years. He was well known
throughout Southern California.
LEFT HER LIONS
g FOR A HUSBAND
4
OAKLAND. July 26.— Adgie has ?
come to the conclusion that, ¦?-
having tamed lions all her -f
life, she is prohably equal +
to the task of taming a man, -?-
and this afternoon there was a -f
quiet little wedding performed in -f
Judge Stetson's courtroom, at -f
which "Adgie" changed her name ¦*-
from that of Adgie Costello to Mrs. +
Frank Russell Hall, and they went '?
on their wedding tour to Oakland ?
Park, where Adgie Is displaying her -?¦
lions. ?
' It Is a romance in a lion's cage, +
for Hall is a lion tamer as well as -f
his wife, and the friends of the -?-
couple hope that the romance will +
never end In the lion's mouth, -f
They met several years ago, when +
Adgie was Just beginning her lion -?-
act and while Hall was In the busl- -f
ness of taming wild animals. Since +
that time they have met at more >
or less frequent intervals, until re- -f
cently, when they have been per- ¦?•
forming in and about San Fran- +
cisco. Hall trying to tame Wallace, -?-
the big lion at the Chutes, while -?¦
Adgie was appearing there and at -f
Oakland Park, they decided to Join -f
hands and fortunes through life to- -?¦
gether. This afternoon Manager -?¦
Fred Vosmer of Oakland Park and -f
Mrs. Campbell stood up with the +
lion-taming couple in the court- -?•
room. ¦+
Adgie now announces that on ; --f
Saturday afternoon next she will ?
deliver a, lecture especially, to la- .+
dies at Oakland Park, telling how >
she tames wild lions from the jun- -f
gles of Africa./ >
»??*?¦'? ?Yh'M.MMHt>Ht-*
DIED FROM ABUSE
RECEIVED IN PRISON
members. Of deep religious conviction
and spirituality, he has also been most
liberal to the outside world, and In this
was much of his success. A series of ser
mons addressed to worklngmen, delivered
a few years aj?o, was a striking illustra
tion of this, for they attracted so much
attention for their broadness of view that
they had to be printed in book and pam
phlet forrn for general circulation.
Dr. Coyie has felt that a change in the
field of his operations might be beneficial
to himself and h!s work, and for this rea
son he has decided to leave h!s Oakland
church despite the pressure brought to
bear upon him to reconsider his deter
mination.
"My future plans have not been deter
mined in detail." said Dr. Coyle. "I will
probablv po to Denver, though I have re
ceived a call from the Rutgers Presbyte
rian Church of New York. I regret leav
ing my Oakland congregation, but I feel
thkt it Is necessary."
OAKLAND. July 26.— The resignation
of the Rev. Robert F. Coyle from
the pastorate of the First Presby
terian Church of this city, and hta
announced determination of going East, j
remove from Oakland one of the best I
known divines in the city. For nine years
Dr. Coyle has been at the head of the
First Presbyterian Church of this city,
and he has nearly doubled Its member
ship. During this time he has been beset
with calls from other churches from New
York City and other portions of this coast,
but he has always remained In Oakland.
Dr. Coyle has been a general favorite
in Oakland, not alone with the members
of his congregation but with the tran
sient church-going public. A strong pul- I
pit orator, of great common sense cou- |
pled with his religion, he has always at- i
tracted to his church those who were not |
OAKLAND'S CELEBRATED DIVINE.
A MYSTERIOUS robbing: story was
reported in the California-stitt-t
station last nipht. The amount in
volved is $1500, and the party from
whom it is alleged to have been taken is
a Ko!>ert Smith, formerly of Fresno.
About 7 o"cloctv last night Smith, in
pany with a friend, S. 11. Keiees. al^o of
Fresno, rode in from the Presidio on a
Union-street car and stopped at the cor
ner "f Montgomery avenue and Washing
ton street. Smith was badly Intoxicated
and his friend called a hack to drivr him
to his hotel. From the story it appears
that Reiergs had also drunk considerable
and forgot the location of the hotel.
IteiKRs ordered the driver to wait un
til he went into the Commercial Hotel
near by, until ho could inquire from the
clerk if that hotel was where they were
staying. When he came out to tne street
again he v.-as startled to iind Smith lying
on the sidewalk and the hack out of sight..
He Immediately reported tu the police that
(1500 had been taken from his friend's
person during the time he was in the
hotel.
r>etectives Gibson and Crockett were de
tailed tm tin: case and visited the Harbor
Hospital, where Smith had been taken.
They found that tli<? man had in his pos
spepjon $4>; when he was placed under
treatment. The patient was unable to
talk on account of the liquor he had
taken, hut it was learned that he had
worked on a ranch previous to his arrival
in this city and had received a salary of
$35 per month. His friend still insists that
he had the greater amount, hut the de
tectives came to the conclusion that he
did not know what he was talkintr about.
Had Similar Attack a Year Ago, but
Was Pronounced Cured After
Treatment in Sani
tarium.
I»!i=s Nellie Partridsre. whoso hnrac is at
SIS Tiver.ty-first wtreeti in this city, was
t;-kon from the Buriinpton tniin from St.
!. »oia ar.<i Kansas City yesterday morning
In an insane conditiun and sent to the
j. •iict? detention boepfta] to be hold unti!
her relatives could be communicated
* ith. The information was contained In
a llspatch from'Kanpas City, which fur
;;.. r Ma!>\« that the unfortunate young
woman was j.lacnl on the train at St.
s by her brother-in-law, ex-Senator
Nathan P. Taylor, at present County Ai
tornev at Henderson County. Kentucky.
«-;r<i I hat her ticket to San Kr:-.nc:scr» fa*
t:ive:i to the conductor. Miss r:irtri<is;e
1 shaved ir. such a manner on the train
*hnt the trainmen turned her over to the
Kama* Ci:y authorities, believing: that it
vas unsafe for her to travel alone.
Miss Partridge is wri! known In this
city, and the news of her condition will W
received with regret by her friends.
From her relatives it wan learned that
: ro young woman h.i«i been similarly at
fr-ct^d about fifteen months at?u, and that
Tvhil«» sufff-riris from a severe atta.ck of
nervous prostration had w.ir.dorpd away
from hoTnf. her return she was placed
la B sanitarium and aftor prolonged treat
ment was diseharpeti ajiparently cured.
About a month iiex Miss Fp.rtri«1go *>x-
P'-.'ss<».i a fWiro to visit hf»r sister in Ken-
Lhcky. and h»*r relatives, thinking that a
change of scene would prove beneficial;
acquiesced, in corresponding with her
r- ia'i'.os the yr.'.-.r.p woman declared that
} . r condition ha«l Improved preatly and
that rhe would sonn return hrnnc in rood
health. T: is thought that the extreme
hot woatbor in thp East liroucht on a sud
«' -n r» i«:>se. which mad*> itself manifest
v.hfn Miss Partridge was left alone on the
The ur.fortunate youag woman Is quite
ar^rnnplished and as a member nf tb*
Trinity Church choir ha.= made a reputa
tion for herself, she riring a contralto
Hr,£er with a {'.no voice.
Miss Nellie Partridge Be
comes Demented on Her
Way From the East
IS TAKEN FROM
THE TRAIN AND
HELD AS INSANE
LONDON, July 28.— Lord Roberts re
ports to the War Office, under date of
Balmoral, July 25. as follows:
"We marched here yesterday without
seeing the enemy. The Boers on July 24
engaged French and Hutton. six miles
south of Balmoral. 'While Anderson's
mounted infantry attacked the Boers"
right French made a turning movement
around their left- Seeing their retreat
threatened the Boers broke and fled.
French aiid Hutton followed and proposed
to cross Oliphants River to-day at
Naauwpoort. Our casualties were one
wounded."
Lord Roberta reports to the War Office
that General Archibald Hunter's com
mand was heavily engaged July 24 and
July 2,"> in the hills south of Bethlehem.
Th<> Boers were strongly intrenched and
fnuRht stubbornly throughout the 24tii
and compelled the British to retire from
some of their positions with about fifty
casualties. At last accounts . Generj-.l
liuntf-r had worked uround into Brand
water basin, in (the rear of the Boers,
while Hector MacDonald and General
Bruco Hamilton were blocking outlets on
the front of the Federals, who had evac
uated their position at Witnek.
BALMolUL, South African Republic,
July 2*J.— The Boers state that their plan
of campaign is to keep up guerrilla war
tare until November next, when the Dem
ocrats in the United States, if successful
in the elections there, have promised in
tervention in South Africa.
On the Same Date the'Brit
ish Are Repulsed South
of Bethlehem.
«
Federals Now Put Their Trust In
Intervention -f the Democrats
Are Successful at No
vember Elections.
BOERS ARE PUT
FLIGHT BY
FRENCH'S MEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— It was State
Sunday school day at the convention of
the Christian churches at Garfleld Park
to-day, and the representatives of titty
one Sunday schools participated In a dis
cussion concerning their work and the
best methods of teaching the Bible to the
young Christians.
Mrs. A. J. Hall, the president, called the
convention to order, and then followed an
hour of prayer and praise service, ltd by
Rev. J. S. Pierce of Elk Crtek.
Rev. S. C. Nesbitt of "Saratoga led the
praise service.
The first paper read was on "The Model
Sunday School." by Rev. C W. Jopson of
l*os Gatos.
Rev. F. B. Sapp of San Jose told of "The
Place and Power of the Teacher."
Then followed an anthem. "Look on the
Field," by the choir of the Los Gatos
church.
A paper on "The Live Sunday School,
prepared by Rev. D. W. Honn of Visalia,
was read by Rev. H. C. Shropshire of
For fifteen minutes under the head of
'"Garnered Grain'* the delegates listened
to one-minute talks on "The Best Thing
in My Sunday School."
Rev. H. \V. Powers of Butto City talked
on "Th« Evangelizing Puwer of the Sun
day School."
Mrs. Henry Shadle of Sacramento, who
has won fame as a worker among the
children, gave a talk full of interest on
"That Boy Problem."
"Sunday School Improvement, Gleanings
From the San Jose State Sunday School
Convention." was the topic discussed by
Rev. D. A. Russell of San Jose.
Mrs. C. L. Place, superintendent of the
training department of the San Jose Nor
mal School, gave a study on "Children'3
Ideas of Sunday SchooL"
A song. "Save the Uoy." by a male quar
tet, that folio-wed, was much enjoyed.
The address of the morning was one
suited for the occasion and was by Rev.
\V. M. White of San Francisco.
Earl Bingham of San Jose. State Sun
day school secretary, addressed the con
vention this afternoon. *
The committees appointed by the chair
man were:
Auditing committee— W. G. McMillan. Mr.
Barr.
llesolutioc*— Messrs. J. J. Morgan, Slawson
and Rhodes and Mrs. S. Murohy.
Nominations — Messrs. Reagor. McCoy and
Martin.
Fifty-one Sunday schools were repre
sented in the convention by the following
325 delegates:
Palo AJto— D. A. Ru*sell. Joseph G*aaett.
1.1'ia Gassett.
HeaMsbure— Etla Kelly, Jennie Kelly, Rachel
Miller. Edith Wright.
Eureka— K. S. Burch.
College City— J. E. Done-van.
Chlco— J. H. Hughes, Etta Phillip*, Mrs. "W.
M. Houston.
GUroy — Mary Edwards.
Orovllle — Thomas Edwards.
San Francisco— West Side. W. M. White. Mrs.
White; First Church. Mrs. M. A. Nash. Joseph
Barr.
Red Bluff— A. M. McCoy. Mrs. A. K. Murphy,
, S. a. ilurphy.
Nipo mo— Joseph fhi»l.!3.
Lcli— Mrs. Anr Matley. B. P. Baird.
Bakeryfleld— Mr*. Joseph Ixiwe.
K!k Creek — Katie Pierre. Oraee Rawlins.
Salir. i.« — J. A. Brown. Mrs. J. A. Brown.
Visalia— F. H. Brittan, Mrs. F. H. Brlttan.
San Jose— First Church. Mrs. Iia King; On
tral Church. Mrs. M. L. James and Mrs. Ella
r* I»y.
Santa Rosa— T. B. Hood. Mrs. T. B. Hoo.1.
O. R. Edmunds. Mrs. G. R. Edmunds, Mrs.
Proctor, Peter Colvin.
Warm Springs— Mrs. H. Curtner.
Berkeley— Miss Vesta Vail.
Sacramento — Mrs. .Nellie McMillan Mra.
Htnrr Shadle. George Slawson, Elmer Schcles,
Herbert Shadl*.
Alamecla— Mrs. Bird, Mrs. Kc*bele. Albert
Koebele.
Dutte City— H. VT. Powers. P. Wright.
Watsonville— U. H. Sawyer, J. Albright. M.
E. Alumbaugh. Mrs. Georjce Tanner, Mra. J.
Haun. J. \V. ConnelL, H. BriuBewater.
IrvlnBtcn— Mrs. J. It McCollouEh. Dr. J. II.
Durham.
Oakland— Mrs. J. A. Cameron.
Rutherforil— V,'. E. Kdgman.
Pacific Grove— Mrs. T. E. Rag'.and. Mn. It
P. Curry-
Vai:«>J<«— J. D. 'Willmot. • '
Wheatland— H. C Xlemeyer.
Colusa— \V. F. Reaftor. Sirs. W. F. Reagor.
tJrlrvistone— T. F. Hawlins.
I-aker-ort— J. P. Parsitz.
Paso Robles— A. G. Hoerlnc
Concord— (i. D. Kins. Xettte Kelly. George
BreckenrMze.
Corralitos— L. A. Brewster. Mrs. I*. A. Brew
ster.
Willows— T. P. Butler, Mrs. T. Z>. Butier.
Oridlfy— L. B. CogrRlna. Mrs. Mary Rhin«hart.
Mar/ L. Mason.
Acanipo— J. W« Stafford. Austin Hunting. L.
C. Hunting.
Saratoga— Mrs. L. MeGulre, S. A. Xesbit.
Mrs. S. A. N»?bit.
Gait— C. S. Needham, Mr. NewvliTe. J. S.
Pierce.
Petaluma— Mrs. Miry Eldredgc. E1J Fisher.
Winters— J. C. Williams. Mr9. J. C. Williams,
Stockton — T. A. Boyer.
Holllster— J. R. Woodson, Mrs. J. R. Bur
nett. J. O. Pavis.
Woodland— J. J. Morgan. Mrs. J. i. Morgan,
Mrs. P. G. Guile. Mrs. P. B. Lacy.
Brentwood— C. V. Huntinsrton. Mrs. C. \.
Huntinston
Los Gatos— C. W. Jopson, Mrs. C. W. Jopson.
Mr. Trantham. EJna Trantham. Laura Hill.
Mr. Xuss. Elliott J- Purham.
Fairvtew — Ami Dunning. Daisy Stolp.
Pleasant Grnve— J. M. Punning.
Warm Spring?— Mrs. H. Curtner.
Santa Cru2— Mrs. R. S. McHatton. Miss Mor
gan. Mrs. Teway. C. J. Todi.
Fresno — W. H. Martin. Frank Craycroft.
Mr3. W. H. Martin, J. W. Landrura.
A: large— Earl S. Uingham.
The officers of the Christian Sunday
School Association arc: President. Mra.
J. A. Hall. San Jose: vice president. Rev.
C W. Jopson. San Jose; secretary. Rev.
D. W. Honn, Visalia: treasurer. liev.
Glenn McWill'.ams. 3ar.ta Maria.
Fifty-One Schools Are Represented by
125 Delegates, Who Listen to
the Beading of Interest
ing Addresses.
Christian Church Workers
Discuss Ways and
• Means.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL
TEACHERS' DAY
AT SANTA CRUZ
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED
OF FIFTEEN HUNDRED
THE SA^ FRAaS.fJlsOo C A .Jj.Ij, FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1900.
REGRET RESIGNATION
OF REV. R. F. COYLE
Will Give Smoker.
a< Uot
irwin
THE VICTIM OF THE ALLEGED ROBBERY.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAIT, JULY 2.7, 1900
10
SAIV FRASCISCO CALIw
HURINCFS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer cf Market ajia Third street*, open
until 32 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. to.
SCO Hayes 6tr»<et; open until 9:30. p. m.
G» McAllister »treet: open until S:S0 p. m.
CIS J<arkin Ftreet; open until S:W p. in.
11-41 Misrlon street; open until 10 p. m.
C2C1 Mission etreet, comer Sixteenth; open
until • p. rn.
":06 Eleventh street: open ontll 9 p. m.
rS$ Valencia Ftreet: open until 8 P- xn.
Nortfcwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
t-jeky Ftref-t!': r>r»*n until 9 p. rr>.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. • K.
T No t> Post «=t. — Rf-cnlar assemb.y «ijW
•nil? EVENING «t MM o'clock. All ffjP
fraters courteously invited. Uy order fepf
'"mitAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CERMANIA I^dpe No. I3«. I. O. O- «^MM»4~ < ._
" The funeral committee. l f ~ ~fjr^"-r>S*f
fleers and members are Invited to *^rj^C-
attend the funeral of our late ""
brother. HENKY FRANKE. FRIDAY. July
?7 3:3-5 p. m. at O. F. Hal 1 ., corner Seventh
and Market ftp. LOOS WINTER, N. O.
i:mil xiemeier. R- s-
PACIFIC L.-<5»re No. 155. I. O. OF. .^SgjJaKfe.
. •¦• • - >¦ * •. : members are nr:!..oa ~f2%t^SS2SFZ
to attend the funeral of our late
trother. JOHN ARGALL. on -^ -//«*•
FRIDAY July 27, 1900. Assemble in Prospect
Hal! nt i::0 p. m. „ .
FP.ANK P. ASHTTORTH. Noble Grand.
FRANK IX MACBETH, lire. Sec.
ATTENTION, carriage owners arA drivers— A
rc r.-i:r.f; wi'.l ho held ct Metropolitan Temple
FRIDAY nVKNING. July T7. at 8 o'clock.
All .ire invlt»d to attend.
OFFICERS and members of Lonjrshore Lum-
bfrmen's Protective Association— You are no-
tlSed to etter.d the funeral of our late mem-
l«. r JOHN F. SfLLIVAN. from his late resl-
riori'ce. 12 Fwlrn St.. pr.VDAT, July ~i. at
ISM a. m. By order <~.t
G. P. McMANTS. President.
J. E. BIOaDAX. Bee Sec
ANNI'AL meet lnp— The r*>frular annual meet-
".g of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offlce of
the company. TC7 Market t-t.. Pan Franc!s?o.
Cal.. <n WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au-
pu^t. 19-10. at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
tor the pu"-jx>!>e of electing a board of di-
rectors to Fme for the enduing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting-
E. H. FHELOON. Fecretary.
ANNTAL MEETING.
The nisfl^n Iron nn<i Loormottv* Work*.— The
p.nnual meetlnc of the FtockhnMers of the TUs-
<"^n Iron ard Locomotive Works, for the elec- ,
t'.on of trustee.* for the ensuing year and the
Trarsacf.ori of Furh other busings as may bo
t.roij|rht before the mf-etl-ir. will be h«>l<" at tha
< fTif-e of tht» company, foutheapt comer o' Beaie
».'.1 Hom-UPd su., t^an Francisco, en MONDAY,
the Cth dav cf August. 19«0. Rt 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AGKJCTS WANTED.
Co>Jp?<T^anip^n^The l'.aUle of Wf*\ all
ih» parties: all th<> leaden. THE J. DEW-
1NO C3O-. Flood bulldins. San Francisco.
*Bl"E fcandje ne«(^t novelties for aeents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3161 ISth ft.
AOENTS of ability ar<! experience In life insur-
ence. Oil! nt r^orn in. f*7 Market, cor. Sixth.
ATTOKNEVS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market Ft..
room C27: fetatep. damages, attachments, \
bankruptcy, ooJlection*; ell casef?; fair fees;
Da advance charges; monfy loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success : collections. O. IV.
HOTVE, atiy at law. SiO Market, cor. Stockton.
3TKKE advice; divorce laws, damage*, estates, ;
collection*. J. A. Mitchell. JH Montgomery. ;
AIjVI'T: fr*«>: no charjre unless successful. \V. j
W, DAVIDSON. i<27 Market ft., opp. Mason, j
L. i=. CLARK. Kmraa Ppr»ckels bid?.. 977 Mar- i
k*t ft.; cor.FUltatlon fret; no fees In advance. |
C1FTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. SJ7 Market
Ft., r. r?r ; o-*-n f>ve.. 7-?: consultation free.
.^___^__^ ¦
nATII CABINETS. *
ROBIXBON f". 4-ran<-l folding: door opens: Rna
a.r,.l safe. W*. S. BKOWN. g'n. apt.. 426 Ellis.
,
AUTOMOBILES. |
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & KON.
AEf-nif. 40 Fremont st.
UULCilAN 11AUCS.
A XUMHER of fine does at low prices; bred to
our fir.eft bucks: LOKD EDINBORO (imp.).
fee IS; DUKE OF CLARENCE <imp.). fee
I"; i;ne let cf youngsters inm 3 to 5 months
old fm-n Lord EUinboro Jtnd our imported
or-os. with grand color and perfect feet all
round: full lire of ralibit supplies; free
literature.
SAN FRANCIPCO P.F.LC.IA.N HARE CO..
•JAM. C. HAMMOND, Mtrr.
Offlce— SprecJwis Market.
Kabbltry— lOlS Shotwell *U
IKLGIAN HARES:!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. AUaieda, Cal.
LOP.K FAPHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb, first
irizf in Knsland. at 214 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HAKE SANITARY
IIEAJJQUABXERB; sales daily. ltt»S, Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,603 Gol-
den tJat«- a\-.. S. F., IS** rabbits tor sale cheap.
BCSISES5 CIIANC12S.
A— JWW; CORNER saloon with hall in choicest
location on Geary el.; rent |4.»; lea*"?; place
kept by umm f'.r yt-ars and is doing a good
paying business. Particulars II. G. WILKE.
Cfi 1 " Kcarr.j st.
A— S2.V-); PARTNER wanted In larxest concert
hail connected with grill, cafe ami buffet;
also Bf~ency of Eastern brewery on this coast;
establishment doing an immense business and
ktiuwn frum Victoria. B. C, to San Die^o.
Cal.; ownt-r * > nii>lo>«r about 70 people ;¦,-;.;
nef-ds a firFt-ci.tfc!* bUFir.ess man as assistaiiV.
Views of the T'lare and particulars at R. G.
WILKE. 2C--2 Kearny st. -
A— tUt; PARTNER wanted ir. barbr shop in
l'-adins sM-ond-ciass hotel of this city; about
J v > per month for each partner guaranteed.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny Bt.
A— flGOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
rt.. rent.- includinc 2 room". JM; horse and
wacoa: C years' lease; dally receipts about
(30; owner to leave for the country; i first-
c'aea and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
'iV~i. Kearny st.
TO buy cr sell any kind xi*. business, to Invest
In ranches, orchards or oil lands. Call en IC
G. WILKE. 2CU Kearr.y st. /
A-tW: DELICACT and dairy produce, in Ala-
meda; rent $9; <laily receipts, $12; business es-
UbL S years. Call U. G. WILKE. S6*& X*a.ri,y.
A— %\~'J\\ CORKER grocery and bar on Mission
ft. ; place has been k«-pt by present ovrrer
for V> years and clearing above $1.V) j*?r
memh; *tock and fixtures worth th<- .Tioney
C*a It. G. WILKE. ir,!* Kearny tt.
A-SC.iO— RESTAIT.AXT and f-hophouee on
water front: rent $15; bargain. R. CJ
WJLKE. KVi Krarny st.
A—YtOtt; COKNER grocery and bar; established
y*»r» and known an a money making place;
best location: «-luw to Chronicle building:. See
It G. WILKE. Kearny et.
A— $C"'t— URANCH bakery, Etatlonery. notions;
en Valencia pt.; living rooms; cheap rent:
(rood business: a bargain. Call R. G .WILKC
26H Kearny st.
IIOV-CORNKR fruit and vegetable store; horse"-
2 wapons; bar-gals. McLAUGHLJN & CX>
777'^ Market st. \ *
SIOGO— MILK route; 28 cans daily; rolne East
cause of sale; store Included. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777** Market st.
$C7S — BOTCHER shop: profperous <-oiintrr
town: daily receipts J45. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777',3 Market el.
tlfflO— BAKERY; prosperous country town-
trade 8H barrels daily. McLAL'GIILIN &
CO.. 777>4 Market «.
JIM-PARTNER wanted; coffee and chop house
McLAUflULlX & CO.. 777^ Market st
A— flW; COHNKK pror-ory and bar. with fam-
!!y rooms; location haw no equal; eFtab!l!«ri<»a
2'> years; doing a first-class cash store trade-
rent only $10: a. kIIkhIj:* proposition. M A*
r.ROOKS. 12_Goldet^Gate ave.
A— «3.%0; RESTACRANT and oyster house; open
day and nicbt : tompletely equipped; fine
business location: excellent trade; full value
In eixht; rent $25; rreat sacrifice, for quick
*aJe. M. A. nROOKH. 12 Oolden Gate av. '
A— S20">— PARTNER wonted In llpht business
suited to plain. Fteady man satined wllh $1$
to $':*> n week; no experience required; trial
piven. 3 Geary t ' t -. room i.
EASY money to be made by furnishing names
and addresses of persons fjJTering from ccn-
lurr.jjtion. cancer. Erlgfcts disease, catarrh,
Wood and nervou* disease*. Address Box rs'
Call.
Kort FALE— $400; corner saloon In wholesale
district, including stock; a bargain; fine fix-
tures; cause, owner leaving State. Apply
«"H Davis *t.. corner Oregon.
rDR SALE— Cheap: a small CTocery and bar.
with or without furniture of 2 rooms. Ihjx
S«5. Call office.
CHEAP: must nil: best located caiifljr and lc«
crejjn parlor in Oakland. Box 2*00. Call 01-
flc*\ « >.tk!:.n<1. .-
A-USfr-CORNER grocery and bar. with 2 liv-
l-iK roemi; good location; good cash business,
Ai ; :y it ZZ: TcUama St.
BUSINESS CnAXCES — CONTINUED.
, A— $2500 J2500 * 2500
Restaurant, water front;
handsomely fitted:
finest location in city:
mpa's 2'>c and upward;
receipts $60 to $70;
rent reasonable; lease;
splendid proposition;
will bear investigation. »
BTEXBERQ CO.. 835 Market st.
$250 CASH, balance time; restaurant, well situ,
ated for two voting men or man and wire to
conduct t consisting of fine furniture, cash
register for a fact, all In fine condition; must
lie sold' in two days; owner has two places.
STKNBERG CO.. OSS Market Et.
BAKEHT. notions, cigars and laundry: present
owner there 6 year*. 607 Third et.
FOR SALE— Steam laundry <5olnp a business
from $125 to $150 per week; well fitted up and
the only steam laundry within 30 miles; in a
prosperous town In the Sacramento Valley,
with a population from S000 to 7000; reason for
pale poinK to Europe; terms $1400 cash; must
tell inside of 2 months. Address Box o430,
Call Olflce,
TOR SALE—A strictly good business restaur-
ant: 100 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery
UfinR 2 barrels flour dally; horee and wagon;
lodgicK-houre. SI rooms newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. CaK .
PARTIES willir.e to Invest money where they
can realize 15 per cent on their Investment
will be civen valuable Information at C. « -
Pope's offlce. 11 Montgomery St.. between the
hours of 1 and 3 p. m., until Saturday. ZStn
Julr. D. N. HONN.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: flna
local ion: place Is entirely covered: contains 3
ttalls; rent only $15: water free. Inquire W J.
HENPR1CKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon; must be poid
within ten days: bargain; reason, other press-
ing interests. Information. Sunset, 325 Mont-
gomery st., rooms 3 and 4. *
«i(A_nx arc»unt of retiring-; a paying business;
establlKlied over 20 years; stock and fixtures
Inr-luded: suitable man and wife: llylnir rms.
Particulars, apply at creamery. 2315 Flllmore.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; S5 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar: completely furn.:
w'll rent, e-11 or exchange. For particulars i
write JOHNSON & CARR, Monterey. Cal.
TOTR life's. best chance— Well equipped hand ¦
laundry for fale: very cheap for cash. Ad- |
dret-s Box 294S. Call Office.
NEW bakerj'; fire location: ffood opportunity.
Cor. Fourteenth and Peralta. West Oakland.
jlTT.—CAXDY store, tools, stock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. 1SS Hayes ft. j
FPLENDID rpenlngr for a live grocery man In
prominent market. Address Box 2947, Call.
SALOON for sale; opposite ferry. Apply HI
Kast Ft., north, of Market: no agents.
COFFEE anil tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CL\PJ" IKIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
r^elve^ at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia Bt. .
LODGI.XG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
' HOl'PFS frnm 10 to 180 rooms: Rood locations;
hn-K-Rt value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
er- mono* loaned. POKWEINHARD & CO
P17 Usrket st.. opp. Mason., phone Mint 1911.
43 ROOMS n '' w furniture; Jisno mortgage, f!5
monthly payments: «=outh of Market; must sell
this wk.: price $2400. C.D.DAVIS. r.e9,?16 Mkt.
jl"n0 SVAP— 36 rooms; all rented; fine location;
near Market. HAPILE. 3 Eddy St.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
jlf-y. of all kinds of photo buttons and rfrwel-
ry; wholesale ajid retail: send for catalogue.
! Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St.. S. F.
!
! CAKl'ET DEATI.VG A\U CLEANING.
i WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to RPAVLDING'S I'loneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama ct.; tel. South 40.
I SANITARY Carpet Cleaning: and Dyeing: Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.; 'phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet -Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth»st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Stoam Carpet-Beating: Works, O. H.
STEVENS. m(?r.. 35-4(1 Sth st. : tel. South 250.
J. .MoQl'EEX'S California Carp*t Cleaning: Co..
453 Stevenson Et. ; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CATttXETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STHATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et. ; tel. Jessie 944.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter St.;
tel. Main 2S4. GKO. WALCOM, proprietor.
j POXKLIN'S Oarpot-Beatlnf- Works, 333 Golden
! Oate ave. ; telephone. East IK.
I =
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
*LL kir.«!«! of wasrons. hugeies. cartf. harness,
etc., ch*>ap. EGAN & .SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wason, Flr.^le. also llsht
camsiinsc v.agor.. for sale cheap. r>32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, hupgies. carts & har- ;
ness, work & driving horses, l^th & Vnlencla. ;
[ COLLECTION OFFICES.
! OEORGE~wTlciELLY' S Agency— No charpe un-
i ]*** «ucce«=yful. Room 310. S27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath; 3S33 Twenty-
j fifth Et. : rent IS 50.
Sl'I RITUALISM.
I SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison. S5S MIs-
' Fion: readings "("ally: 25c, CQc and $1; circle
I Tues.. Thurs.. Sat-.and Sunday eves.; 10c.
' WATSON the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 15S1 Market st.,
! ir-ar Twelfth.
' MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-ni^ht. 10c; benefit
! circle for Mrs. Henderson, Mon. eve. Hi Sixth.
! ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
j p!-fTi. 14 McAllifiter St., rm. 3C: admission lOo.
i MItS KOTTER, 24 Sixth et., circle to-tlar. 2
& 8 p. m.; 10c: BittinKs dally; O. Jl; L. 50?.
i MME. UARQUISE, ~> Hyde St.. nr. McAllister;
' circl» to-night. ICc: skeptics invited: sit. daily.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall, C3:< McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; convinc'g tejts to-night 10c.
I VRS.-I.T. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
t m»dlum. life reartor: sitting «1. 11M Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double wll & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life renting; ladies iOc;
gents Jl ; ralm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: -past,
| present, future, 2.V. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
i MISS AIMEK. gifted clairvoyant, card reader.
! 2S9 Natoma Et., nr. 4th; Thur., Fri., Sat. Sun.
i 1IME. ZiEREDA. the irypsy. I* the great palmist
! and cerd reader; ZZc X, Seventh St.. no sign.
| UME SOHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
| sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st. .
! KMK. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted '74 stmr Gold wreck. 210 Mason Bt.
! MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 5)21*4 Mission, op. Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads lifo fluently: business
i advice: names given: 25c up. S Fourtli st.
I MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
I band's picture: 25c: ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
DENTISTS.
AT thenELECTRO-DKNTAlT CLINIC, SIX) Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
t3 £0 up: plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prl«e» fcr best crowns plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
j-erlencej no students; advice free; prices
chcapeFt and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell it.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
mtde; old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per set: extracting. SOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor Bush-
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, ?3; fillings, 25c.
PLATES from $1: crowns. J3 50; fillings, &0c.
Chicago Dental Parlor*, t* glxth st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
• SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
TOtTNG. 1*41 Polk St.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. KrZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
; Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 DO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded.- Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C. "'.mange cure and worm-pilla
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gatcav.
I UltESSMAKEttS A*U SIOASIS'l'IlKS-SKS
' RF.MOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
¦ 6. F. Dressmaking. Ladies" Tailoring School:
: French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
• PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary «t.. dresses
! made, & up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMUERT. 530 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
. ACCORDKON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorftMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. " ¦ ~ : -
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market et.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin St.;
the comine school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. 'sur-
vey, assav, cyanide, arch.; day,- eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER XAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
AMATEUR carvers will get designs and art
• cabinet work prepared. 801 Ellla Bt. .
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deacy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Gth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine at.,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; rstubl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Bt., near Powell; telephone Bush 13i>.
UNION" Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEL'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; teL John 2121. 806*4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
itCMPLOYJUBXT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIKST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
slres situation; best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— FIRST-CLASS* Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; best of references: city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GOOD respectable woman /American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by day. 242"£ Minna
st, downstairs, not In rear.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework, cooking Included; wages not less
than 120 per month; no postals. 2501H Mission.
WOMAN wishes situation In boarding-house or
private family; first-class; no objections to
country. SI Natoma st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
do housework by month; country preferred;
wages from $20 to $25. 114 Fourth st.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish positions to do
general housework. 164 Shipley St., oft Fifth.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants situa-
tion as working housekeeper; good cook and
manager: best of references given. Address
Housekeeper. 319 Minna st.. city.
RESPECTABLE *-irl wishes situation at cham-
berwork and care of children; would 'go In
the country. Call or address 1015 Florida st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper for gen-
tleman with children. Address box 3440, Call
office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 DO to 16
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
«rjb<?criptlons has been established at 10S6 Va-
loncla ft.
•EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
STRICTLY respectable and experienced young
man of good address would like a position as
traveling salesman for some well-established
house In this city; no house to house sollclt-
ln:r wanted. Box 3450. Call offlce.
POSITION as first-class baker and pastry cook;
will go to country If desired; hotel work pre-
f erred. Box 3444, Call office.
YOUNG man 18 years of age wishes a position
as an apprentice in an engineer shop. Ad-
dress box 2952. Call office.
TWO boys residing with parents, age 14 and 16
respectively, wish employment In store or of-
llce. Address 22VH Perry st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, special In short orders,
steady and t-ober, with reference, wants posi-
tion in restaurant, cafe or grill room. Ad-
dress box 3442. Call office.
TEMPERATE, rellnble. Intelligent man of 33
wants work In store, office or cigar stand
during day time; very moderate salary want-
ed. Box 3429. Call office.
A YOUNG man. German, would like a position
as grocery clerk in small country store; beat
of references. Address G. M.. 1104 Larkin st.
GOOD all-round engineer wishes steady situa-
tion; understands l<V-making and refrigerat-
ing machinery. Box 2944, Call.
GARDENER wishes situation; private place;
can milk; do chores; references. Box 234S. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATKRLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market (near Seventh): examination,
free; German eye water by mall, 5Qi*; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $28. 373-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A— $17; NEW upper sunny modern flat: 5 rooms
and bath; yard and cellar. 1421'.£ Hayes st.
A— s-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern irnprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
DOLORES Pt... between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; fine flat of 6 rooms and bath;
key tliere. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.,
j Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
j GUERRERO Ft., between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; fine modern flat, 6 rooms and bath;
every room sunny; rent only $23. Apply to C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Aeents, 630
Market st.
j FIFTEENTH. 1S76, r.r. Dolores — Sunny bay- win-
dow flat; 7 rooms, bath; house 5 rooms, stable.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
FURNISHED flat. 3 rooms; basement, yard; to
careful tenant, $20. 229 Oak St.
PINE, C319'4. near Fillmore— Sunny modern up-
per flat: 6 rooms: bath.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 rooms, bath.
231S',4 Pine st.. near Fillmore.
THIRTEENTH. E1S, between Guerrero and Do-
lores—Four rooms.
4 AND 5 room flats, off Howard Bt, bet, 12th
and !3lh. Key at 1626 Howard st. ,
$22 r.0— MODERN flat. S rooms, bath: newly
grained; first-class. I12S Howard, nr. Seventh.
FLATS TO LET — FUItXISIIED.
GROVE, SIS. near Fillmore— Furnished Mat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & BURKE.
NICELY furnished" flat. 7 rooms and bath, at
121SH Halght St.. near Central ave.
FLATS WAXTEI).
WANTED— Small flat or cottage; furnished or
unfurnished. Uox 3433. Call.
PUKMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4.S 30. with No. 7
range. King I-'urnlture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTURE WAXTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. Days
highest pries for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
11ELP WANTED— FEMALE*.
"C. n. HANSEN & CO Phone Orant 1S5."
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 waitresses, springs and summer resorts, $20,
many fare paid; waitress, PacWlc Grove, $20,
fare paid: 6 waitresses', first-class commercial
hotels. 125; 5 waitresses, country. $20; 2 wait-
resses, city. *20; -2 lunch waitresses, $3 CO, no
ttunday work; woman cook, $30; 2 chamber-
maids to wait. $20; 2 first-class pirls to take
¦ care of 12 rooms and wait at table for dinner,
$20, very choice place: call early ;
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper for widower's family,
$15, see party here; ranch c<jok, $25 and fare;
woman to cook for men, $25* and fare; 5 sec-
ond girls, $20: 50 houseglrls; nurseglrls; young
Clrl to assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Gear,}- 6t.
AN American woman to cook for family of 6;
steady place In country; no objection to little
child. For further information apply to 4199
Seventeenth Bt.
EXPERIENCED hands wanted on paper boxes;
aleo learners. Enterprise Paper Box Co. 62
First at. ¦¦ ¦
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In house-
work; wages $15. Call 1318 Sutter St.; after
12 o'clock.
A YOUNG girl for housework and assist with
child; a good home to right party at 3711
Clay st. ,
WANTED— A first-class lroner or bufly lroner;
good wages. 027 Tehama st.
HELP AVAriTED- FEMALE.
GERMAN nurse, city, $25; German second girl,
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A GERMAN waitress; private family; $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A FRENCH maid, $25; one speaking no Eng-
Hsh preferred. MISS CULLEN. 3J» Sutter Bt.
A^ 2 worklngmen's hotel, city.
$20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN nurse girl- country; one child 4
years;. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A WOMAN to do .cleaning. Institution, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cook, private family, no wash. $30;
cook, private family. Menlo Park. $30; gen-
eral hoisework, family of 4, Berkeley, $30;
cook. 15 people, San Mateo, $30; second girl
for Institution, $25; laundress, private family,
country. $30; nursery governess, city. J2o; 4
chambermaids and waitresses, private hotels,
city. $20: restaurant waitress. $6 week and
$25; waitress, country hotel, $25; 2 second
girls, country, $25;, 4 second girls, city, $20;
and a large number of girls for general house-
work, city and country. J. F- CROSETT
AGENCY. 316 Sutter et.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO., Harrison, ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32H Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A girl for pressing waists. 409A
Turk st., S. F. Mfg. Co.
"WANTED— A good talloress at RAPHAEL'S.
EXPERIENCED girl for second work and wait
at table; wages $20; references. Call 1725 Pine.
YOUNG Protestant girl to assist In light house-
work; good home: $3 month. Box 3»48, Call.
WANTED— Neat German girl for general
housework. Call bet. 9 and 12, 995 McAllister.
GIRL wanted to assist In shooting gallery. Ad-
dress box 3<52, Call offlce.
WANTED-Saleslady for crockery business;
must be experienced. Box 3451. Call office.
YOUNG woman for housework and assist; 2
children: $12; good home. 1SS0 Mission st.
WANTED— A girl to assist In housework. 1118
Ellis at.
LADY cashier, must have had some experi-
ence as waitress, at 1201 Flllmore st.
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and wait-
Ing; no children. 110 Guerrero at.
GIRL wanted to assist, with general house-
work. S28 Turk st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
2016 Buchanan st. „
EXPERIENCED girl for bookblndery to fold,
sew, stitch, etc. ; give experience, ability, ref-
erences, salary. Address W. H.. box 2949,
Call office.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Assocla-
tlon. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
in good paying legitimate business. F. 1.
CO., room 40, Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1S24. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework. 791 Mc-
AHlster St.. near Octavla,
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults and 1
child in family; wage g $20. 1904 Broadway. t~
AN experienced chambermaid: must wait at
table once a day; small hotel. 299 Hyde at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia at.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work... $2 a day
100 toamsters, Bakersneld $2 a day
200 teamsters, coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $ 2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally ...Offlce fee. $1 Free fare
12 HOUSE carpenters; S. P. Co. work. $3 a day;
board. $4 50 a week free fare
£0 WOODSMEN and laborers, $26 to $40 and
board; 20 men to handle grain, 25c an hour;
10 coal miners, $2 50 a day: 20 quartz miners
and machine men, $2 50 to $3 a day; 6 ehovel-
ens, near city, $125 day: and board; black-
smiths, wagon-makers, carpenters, farmers,
milkers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, restaurant, $70; German butcher,
country shop, $»0; meat cutter, country, $40;
camp cook, $50; cook, country hotel, $40;
marker and distributer, hotel laundry, $40;
marker and distributer, country, $45; kitchen
hands, dishwashers, potwashers, pantrymen,
fnr eprlngs and resorts, $25 and $30; porter
and assist waiting, resort, $20.
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary st.
A— 2 NEAT bellboyp, good refernces, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
COOK for Central America, fare advanced:
dishwasher for private family. $20. fare paid;
cook and wife for country hotel. $45; 2 cooks,
small hotels; second baker for country. ' $35
and board; waiters, kltchenmen. porters and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacra-
mento st. '-- --..'-
PATTERNMAKER for country, $4 day; black-
smiths $2 day and board and $2 60 to $4;
wheelwriKht. $2 50 day; drag sawyer. $35 and
board; planerman, $30 and board: stlckerman.
$3 day. ond other mechanics. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.'
MAN and wife for resort, $4*; fnilt and poul-
try farmer and wife, $50; farmers, $20 and $25;
atableman. $35; can washer. $45; elevator boy,
$25; laborers for mills and woods, fare ad-
vanced, go to-day, $26 to $30, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED ,
An intelligent boy. 15 or 16 years, for offlce.
wholesale house; $5 a week and increase; ref-
erence required. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay et.
WANTED ••— )
2 machine miners, $3 day; 2 single-hand
miners, $2 50 day; 6 men to build flumes, $40
and board; 2 laborers for mine, $2 a day; 2
laborers for rock crusher, f25 and board; la-
borers, quarry, city, $1 50 day; Lastern
fanner and milk. $30; mllker.vsteady place.
$30- milker for Point Arena, $30; farmhands.
J25 and $30; woodcTroppers, several different
Jobs; men to cut wood, $26 and board; waiter,
country hotel, $30.
W. I). EWER & CO., 610 Pay st.
A MAN and wlf<\ ranch, $30. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. '::', •
A DISHWASHER, country hotel, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commission;
city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building. - ¦ ' ' '_
STENOGRAPHER desirous of studying, law;
state experience, salary expected and refer-
ences. Box 3449. Call office. ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS restaurant butcher and help on
range during meals. Call after 6:30 a. m., «0
Third st. • ;
HANDY man; understands paper hanging,
painting, etc.. $25 per month. Ahlborn House,
321 Grant ave. / ¦
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
. Clay st.; good wages.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; for wages.
CZS Valencia Et.
SHEEPSKIN* Gutters; also apprentices. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
WANTED— Second-hand baker for country.
Call bet. 12 and 2 p. m.. International Hotel.
BRIGHT boy for attorney's offlce. Address
box 3447. Call offlce. •
2 FIRST-CLASS helpers wanted In carriage
factory. C30 Broadway.
WANTED— Two retail grocery salesmen of ex-
perlence. Box 3480. Call offlce.
WANTED— A man to work around place. 1443
Harrison Bt. - ¦. -
WANTED-Lunch waiter. 600 Twentieth st.,
Potrero. -.*^> ; -;-- '¦
BOY for butcher shop. Call 1103 Leavenworth
ft., at 7 o'clock . Friday morning.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 164 Jessie st., near
Palace Hotel. ;
GOOD collector at 405 Montgomery "t, room 6.
Call between 8 and 10 a. m. H. E. CRAIG.
WANTED— Strong boy to work In bakery;
wages $4 per week. 32 Sixth st.~
W ANTED— Night cook at f.17 Montgomery st.
NIGHT cook wanted. Nevada Restaurant, 806
Mission at. ¦ . : ¦••¦. ' " ¦
WANTED— An elderly man to cook for 4 or &
men; wages $10 a month. Call 500 Halght st.
DISHWASHER wanted nt 611 Larkin at.
GOOD dishwasher at 1201 Flllmore st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. BC2 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY 'Phone. Main 684S
" ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day .j
We ship free
746D men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona. Oregon, Colorado. Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and offlce fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno, Nevada Dlst.
Los Angeles Dlst Truckee Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst..... Shasta Dist.
Salt Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Dltst.
Dunsmulr Diet Bakersneld Dlst.
tjoda Springs Dlst Madera DlsU
San Luis IMst Surf Dlst.
Special to Shasta Co. Dlst
Redding- Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good waires
and other places. We ship free free
• Come one; come all
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen. sptkers. section bands, tunnel
men. steel gangs, etc., wages 13. J2 60, $2 23. $2.
$1 90 day and Free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come
6ee. . .,
Free Free
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A— 2 HOUSE carpenters, -country
85 carpenters to build a large flume; 26 labor-
ers ta handle hammer, etc., $30 to $*0 and
found; 163 miners, gold, silver and other
mines, $90, $75 and $60 and found; 15 muck-
ers $60
crowd going to mines; 5 men to work In ware-
house, |40. found: 264 laborers to work at dif-
ferent mines, $'0, $4S, $40 and found, no ex-
perience required
You'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine...*. J90
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35,
$30, $25 and found: 32 choremen and boys; 63
harvest hands, $2 50. $2 day-and found
47 milkers and butter makers, $35, $40, $30 and
found
197 men to work In sawmills, woods, etc., wa
pay your fares, $95, $90, $S0, $75, $60, $55, $50.
$45. $40, $35. $30, $26 and found; 136 tlemakers
and Vipodchoppers, tool? and food found, $2 50
to $1 cord, 13c to 10c each: woods foreman,
shingle eawyer, drag 1 sawyer, sawmill fore-
man, boss here; gang edgerman, screw turner,
boss here sheep herders, men for
hay presses: 37-stablemen, hostlers, bugsry
washers, harness cleaners, etc.. $45. $40. $55. $30
and found: 386 laborers and teamsters for all
parts of California, $2 50, $2~25. $2. $1 75 day;
many for city positions and board home.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
MECHANICAL HELP
Handy man around machinery.'
wagonmaker, city $52 and found
2 bridge builders...
25 blacksmiths, horseshoers, woodworkers,
helpers, etc.. $2. $2 50 day to $60 and found;
wagonmaker, $3 day; coremaker and other
1 mechanics.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHERS Hotel Departments
Chef and second cook, country hotel. $S5 and
found
25 cooks, city and country places. $30. $35. $40
to $60 and found; first and secondhand bakers
and helpers, $C0, $40, $35 and $30 and found;
shop and slaughter house butchers, etc., $60,
$40 and $30 and found; laundry help and oth-
ers.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— AGAIN we pay your fare 365 men
for the sawmills and- woods; no experience re-
quired, $26 to $40 and found Fare paid
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— COME down and get our list of 72C3 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. •
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
A FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$3 25 da>
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A SPECIAL
Accountant for a lumber company; 10 new
inlnpp want 65 miners. $90, $75 per month and
found; 183 laborers, $60, $IS and found; planer
man, $50 and found
20 laborers for Oakland $2 25 day
25 two-horse teamsters for a sawmill $60"
help for institutions, porters for good places,
second cooks, springs. $45 and found: 25 wait-
ers, $30, $35- and found: blacksmith helpers,
carriage woodworkers; boys for factory, $4 to
$6 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GOOD photographer with a little money, not
afraid of work. Address W. B. PICKETT,
Bailey block, Berkeley.
BARBERS: half Interest In downtown, hotel
15c barber shc*> can be had cheap If taken
Immediately; this Is a eplendld show.
STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
4-CHAIR barber-shop for $100; receipts $30;
cheap rent. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character: between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
• Inches and not over 6 fpet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis Ft., San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento, Cal., or 1053 J at., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced advertising canvass-
ers; good paying proposition. Wasp, 513 Mkt.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to. knew
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. i"62 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wapes while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green'liands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 10
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Housp, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia *t.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. IZtc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wedneslay.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist, 605 Golden Gate aveu
FINE stock Durham bull. Apply Rose st. and
San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
FAST pacer for sale cheap account of depart-
ure. Apply 82C Treat ave.
HORSES— Young, well broken; for all purposes;
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year, for II.
HORSES WAXTED.
GOOD team of draft horses; will expect to try
before purchase. Address Box 2945, Call.
HOISKS TO LBT. '
A^PRINTED^llVt: houses to leTTsen^d'forcIr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FINE two-story house. 6 rooms'And bath; mod-
ern Improvements. 220 Ash ave./ between Van
Ness ave. and Franklin St.; rant $22 50.
FIRST. 305. Just above Folsom— « rooms for 2
families; In good order: $15.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A gold nugget charm: shape of eagle's
wings; diamond set. Finder will receive 125
reward by addressing box 3446, Call.
LOST— Between San Francisco and Redwood
City, a dark brown overcoat with velvet col-
lar on July 24. Please return to E. L.
HAYES, 421 Fourth st., and be rewarded.
LOST— Silver mounted cap of coupe. Finder
return to W. IL BARNETT, 20 CCiay; reward.
LOST — Diamond earring, July 23. Please return
to 626 Utah st.; receive reward. ' "
LOST— Nickeled dog collar, lock and license
No. 5538. Return 1503 Broderlck St.; reward.
DARK brlndle greyhound dog. Reward on re-
turning same to 408,Capp at.
FOUND— Greyhound. Inquire at 496 Eighth St.,
city. . I
FOUND — Goat: owner can have same by pay-
Ing expenses. 510 Nevada St., Bernal Heights.
THE party who picked up the black feather
boa on the corner of Washington and Jones
sts. will please return to 1314 Washington st.
and receive reward. -
$25 REWARD— Lost Tuesday night, July 17, at
Columbia Theater, a palr>t~opera glasses and
bag; marked "Mrs. A. Heynemann"; set with
gold watch on top. Return to 250S Flllmore;
no questions asked. \ ;
IF. the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington at., Sun-
' day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
B-carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR.- TONG PO CHI.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
, 16 oases. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
DR and MRS. DAVIE3. 1228 Market st.-Rel!-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 ye*rs
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flc- ladles treated can return home the same
day- try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections- perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice to positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential;
hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8; Sunday. i 10 to 2.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyfle.
DR G W O'DONNELL. the world- renowned
ladies' specialist: sa.fe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
Led at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023M Market st.
DRS GOODWIN, well-known ladle*' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases , w h
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007-4 Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office »S any ailment; consultation free; con-
Hdentlal. 842 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dis-
eases Of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; ,anl-
tarlum 704 Sacramento. cor. Kearny; advice free
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home in confinement: safe and reliable,
con buI tatlon free; hours 10 to 8.
DR WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eaaes of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, ~icThand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-1&7 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
• ter«, linoleum, store and effice furniture anJ
fixtures; new and second-hand; w» avwa>a
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hana;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; writa for catalogue.
MUST sell; 20 does; pedigree stock; young-
sters thrown In; also prize winning New-
foundland pups; on account of leaving city
Sunday evening. 2Sth. 148 Tehama St.. off 3d.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 816 Spear at.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter :n
fine order. L & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. ___
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FOft SALE— Portable oven; cheap; nearly new.
30S1 Twenty-flrst st.
PEDIGREED St. Bernard pup for sale. 1310
McAllister St.
6000 FT. 2d-hand pipe. V.-lnch. black & straight,
l%c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
HOUSE painters' complete outfit: staging and
ladders. See PAINTER. 340 Third St.. r. 7.
GREYHOUND puppies, 3 or 14 months old. by
St. Lawrence; reasonable. 27E6 Twenty-second.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. 110; dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced prlc».
J75; concert records, $1 CO. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planeru: lathes; td-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beala.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
la^rproofsafejcheajp^_42_Maln_st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictu res. DULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and lire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California Bt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOt'S WANTS.
SECOXD-HAND whallnjr outfits wanted. Ap-
ply to CAPTAIN BARBER. 506 Battery St.
WANTED-Bollers. 54-tnchxlG feet. KROGH
MFG. CO.. 9-17 Stevenson st.
SEA1>SKINS are what we pay bti? prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 15 Stockton st.
IF vou wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 1C7 Third: tel. Black 41:3.
MONEY TO LOA*..
ANY^arnount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery. |.3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortKas-eti, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & ~OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 845 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 an« 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 116 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER &CO-, 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no com. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried! people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
ANY num. 1st or Id mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. chattels, etc. It. 6n3. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 620 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; Id mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. K. Discount A«-eney. 143 PheJan butl.linir.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
1 GOOD upright: good for begrinner; |65.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; 1133.
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; $165.
1 Sterling upright; walnut case; $225.
1 Vose upright; good as new; $275.
1 Pease upright ; used 6 months; $245.
1 Weber; walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments; gilt-edge guarantee.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell st.
EMERSON. S75: Guild. $100; New-hall, S150; Em-
erson. $173; all great bargains; come early;
they won't stay long. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
769 Market st.
UNTIL August 1 we offer all goods at special
reductions to make room for new stock now
ordered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Market.
A— NICE upright piano, used a few years. $100
The J. DEWING CO., Flood building.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every Kra'de from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash, $6 per
month; other pianos, J3. U and $3 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., gtelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 28 and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ONE Lyon & Healy upright; fine tone; mod-
ern case '. | go
1 Chase Bros, piano; used as a sample.
1 fine upright; good tone no
1 nearly "new Sehuman; elegant care 175
THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bide.. 809 Mkt.
REMOVAL of.KEEFFE'S piano store to S33
Market St., between Fifth and Sixth, next to
' Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock: open
evenings; ascency ror the celebrated Shonlnger
& Behnlng pianos. New York.
flOO-FINE large upright; 3 pedals; rosewood
- case. 3643 Eighteenth st. .S .
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOIIMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 P-ost St., opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ; 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this wefk for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MLSICAI. IXSTRUMEXTS.
VIOLIX Btrinss; never wet: best in the world:
old Italian harp; also old violin for saie:
maktnsr ar.d repairing of all kinds of musical
tnstrurr.enta. Carl C. Anderson. -U7 Geary at.
ONE Stelnway. 1 Chlckerlnp. $190; lnatallrr.entj
*- to 113; rent 12 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
R^, r>UC " rio>I s a'e: new pianos: »3 payments;
foj^rent. |: up. BRUEXN*. JCS Tost at.
TO LET.
!^SkhS?2? part nrst Koor - i3 EIli3 »*•: ireI1
nomin l sh£ and Passenger elevator; rent
FOR rert-Elesant offices and rooms In T. M.
__»- : _a. Cldg.; all modern Imfa.; rent very low.
T ? P n7 r ;i~ Mod t rn stnrf!: welT lighted; KxlW;
rent fMsor.able. ;;s Karea st
===== ** ; **^**?' "
rAUiisiuy.
UlTTiIatn-: rea.la 1 tr> 9. 6ifi Geary, nr. J^n»a.
PAUTSEItS WASTED.
8 * 1 * 1 " tamteM and Inezpen.
loir r? n<Hly f "T removlns cataracts, restortn?
lost^ision^and ail d!s»a 3 e3 of the eyes. O.
; PERSO.VALS.
talna papers of value ti> owner only.
°"t»,i'^S^ :RE w - w tl * e BoPi'-ar hairdresser, sells
the best ¦wttcbef for the least money; Jl up;
go and see them. 123 Stockton st.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~~~~ ~"~— *"
Mattresses and pli'o-ws K-.a^e 11 ?^^ 11^
; covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition; fine upholstery
, Phore S309; factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh st :
first-class cleaning and dy^ng. 403 Sutter st
San Francisco.
PARALYSIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung; xdlseases. ossiHca-
tion. cancer, consumption, stift- Joints- ni>
drugs; no knife: consultatinn free. DR L. J.
BTRATTON, £07. SOS. 509 Parrott building.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; TOO rooms;
25c to $1 60 .per nlpht; fl SO to J« per week;
free 'bus and bas^ase to and from th« ferry.
LEDEREU dresses the hair In the most elegant
styles for only 25c; try him.
MME. ADA. wonderfully sifted healer. J»
Kearny, room 11. cures nervousness, i\\n '. -
ness, IJrtght's disease, rupture or any ailment.
SUITS to order on installments; $l5" upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh ami Eishth.
LEDERER sells Scheffler"9 Coloring; restores
the natural color to the hair; 75c box.
MISS SHELDON*, chiropodist and card reader.
850 Market «t.. second floor, room 37.
LADIES' and gents" cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverman. 93i Folsom. tel. Folsom lai.
WANTED—Old-fashloned silver, brass, copper
ware; curioa. all descriptions. S23 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
. Ids Co., Examiner building, room 40?.
ALFREDL'MS Etryptian Henna restores jrray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and. silver bought;
send, postal. COLEMAX'S. SOS Kearr.y st.
G. E>. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce an<! Scott: phone Stetner 3351.
PUYS1CIAXS A.\D Sl'KbEU*iS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
sumed rractice at 12C6 Market st.. corner
Taylor; offices 2~^nd 16; take elevator.
DR. C. C. O'DONN^LL— Office and residence,
10Sl"4 Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE.
$700— Must be sold; price reduced: owner leav-
ing city; 25:6x114; 22d St., nr. Dolores; street
»ewered and graded: ready for building; near
car lln«: part cash If necessary. Apply owner.
8. H. SMITH. 207 Montgomery st.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell; then call
on W. J. GC.NN. 530 California it.
fiZOO— MODERN 9-room house la choice location
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 bloc* from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels. hard-Cn-
laced, basement, etc.; terms one-fourth casn.
balance ISO monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la tha
United Statea or Canada one year for JU.
postage paid.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
build Ins work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission at.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: lot r,OxlC0: Ml3-
slon; easy terms cr vacant lot. 413 Kearny st.
KEAL ESTATE— COl'XTUY For «*nl«»
NICE little home In town. Alameda County. 31
miles from this city: extensive poultry houses
and yards: house of 1000 pigeons: real estate,
personal property, all for J (^0. Call at once,
COS California st.. room t.
130.000 WILL buy a ranch in San Mateo County
of about 500 acres; partially Improved with
vines and fruits: only 4 miles from a princi-
pal Btatlcn. Box 168, Call office.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th»
SOCO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents In this city.
IS*. D. SICKELS. the land ager.t. 6 Geary st.
J300 INVESTMENT Delvedere Land Co.'s stock;
30 $100 shares are offered fnr $10 a share.
LANE & CO.. SC5 Market Bt.
40 ACRES— Palermo; olives, oranges. fltj:».
pears: full bearing ; a bargain, W. B. JONES.
9 Front st.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale; Cclusa Co.;
12*0 acres; J10 per acre; EM grain, rest hill
land. M. B. CHANDON. M.irysville. Cal.
koiims ho u uoosKKJesma
AT €2 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 50 to $2 53
per wk; single and double. $1 to J2 50 per wk.
CLEMEXTINA. 2SI. near Fourth— Sunny house-
keeping rooms: also slnple.
EDDY. 604—2 nicely furnished rooms; completa
for housekeeping: paa and running water.
EDDY. 917 — Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
FOLSOM. S3t— Large sunny room for light
housekeeping; clos?t. bath: private; %l 25 wk.
HAIGHT, 11"£ — Housekeeping rooms, use of
kitchen, dining-room, bath; also single rooms.
HOWARD. lCfEJ 1 -! — Housekeeping rooms, slng'a
or suite: comfortably furnished: reasonable.
HTDE,' 410— Sunny front parlor suite; complete
for housekeeping; front basement suite. IIS.
McALLISTEIt. S3"> — 2 nicely furnished sunn/
front rooms: sink, range, bath, laundry; i!5.
NOE. 1j3 — 2 pleasant front roomi; gas ranse;
folding bed; In a modern Cat; 12; north Mkt.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny room; closet: famished,
for housekeeping. tS; smaller rooms. $6.
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. IIP.
OCTAVIA.- 1403. cor. Geary— Parlor suite: bay-
window; houseVpng: complete: gas stove; $14.
O'FARRELL, 1CI3— Large front alcove room,
with room adjoining, complete for hcusekpg.
FQWEUi, 1401—2 or 3 large sunny rooms; con-
nected with kitchen; gas and bath; for house-
, keeping^
RITCH. 224. bet. Hryant and Brannan— Threa
furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent JS-
SIXTH 136— Front and back parlors; suitable
for offlcs; also rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENSON. «42. bet. 7th and 8th sts.— 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
TAYLOR. 10S— A sunny suite of housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22(V> Fllimoro «t.
UOO.MS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
X^ETrTTNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
I3c to $1 per night. SI 25 to Jj per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. >
BOIIEMIA.2M Post— Finest sunny suites In city
for families and gentlemen; all conveniences;
special accommodations for tourists.
EVRNETT. 112S Market st. (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nished rmi. sultea. single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 473 — Front room, ne-wly furnished- clean
and neat; wtth closet: TZ month.
ELLIS. 3.*!!)— Large front and back parlors; «un-
ny; suitable for physician or dentist.
ELLIS. 633. cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished room,
for 2: foldine bed; Welsbach.
FOLSOM. «S63. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished gunny rms. single or suites; re«sonab!e.
GEARY. 403 (The Xavarre>— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers Wcco' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN.southeast corner Seventh
and Mission st3.— Sunny ruoms, en suite or
single: ladies parlor; readlns-room ; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran.
sient; baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SW-Rooms from SI w^ek up to tz[
— >c to %l night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 9S9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished runny
rooms; reasonable; by dar. week or month.
HOWARD lOSSB-Nlce slxsgla room foe «entle-
man; |1 15 per week.American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS. July CS. -^Minneapolis, 1: De
troit. 3. • • ¦ . ,
KANSAS CITY. . July 28.— Kansas City. 8;
Indianapolis. 7.
MILWAUKEE. July 2; Bof
faio. 3. • • -*!¦'¦" - »
CHICAGO. July 26.— Chicago. S; Cleveland. *.
NEW YORK. 'July 26.-AH the National
baseball games scheduled for to-day weic
postponed owing to rain.
Baseball Games Postponed.
PARIS.' July 27. 4:*0 a. m.— Yesterday at
Malson-Lafitte "Cash" Sloan won the
Prix de Laferte. 1200 meters, on Maunee
Calllault's Ballon, and also the Prix de
Pampes. 2100 meters, on the Due de Gra
mont's Portos. ,
Cash Sloan Wins.
CHICAGO, July 25.— Fire which broke
out at noon t»-day in the building at 225
227 South .Water street, occupied by the
commission firrn of H. L. Brown & Co..
caused damages estimated between J30 (XK)
ar.d $75,000 and created a panic arnonij a
score of girls, caused the death of 6000
chickens and for a time threatened the
whole block.
Fire Creates a Panic.
R. R. Thompson (owner) with Thomas W
Butcher (contractor), architect G. W. Percy-
Brick and Iron work. etc.. for additional otory
on the Stanley-street wtnpr. £?x!36 or buiirfinir
now being erected on N corner of Second and
Bryant streets. NW 1S1. XE 125, SE t3 XE 125
SE 1*5. SW 250,to beginning; total. $C250.
Same owner with William F. 'Wilson <eon
tractcr). architects same- Plumbing for same
cn same; total. JCCO.
Same owner with Western Expanded Metal
and Fireproofing Company (contractors), archl
t»K-ts. s-ame— Fireproofing work for same c^
sarae; I-4I43.
St. Luke's Hospital (owner) with Reuben P
Hurlbur (contractor), architects William tt'
Wilcox ar.d J. M. Curtis— Carpenter work etc '
for pavilion ar.d bollerhouse, etc., on W line o'f
Valencia etreet. 529:3 8 of Twenty-sixth s
n7.:u. SW T*:m t . W 3&.Z\i. thence along 'San
Jose avenue WS:7H. E :67:3H: $13,350.
Same owner with Thomas Butler (contrac
tor), architects, same — Masons" work for same
on same; $14, COO.
John D. Spreckels (owner) with Fink &
Echlndler (contractors),* architects Reid Brc* —
Interior cabinet work, etc., for a residence on
NE corner of Pacific avenue and Lacuna street
Western Addition block 1?3: t'l.STS. «reet.
Charles J. Pouchon. (owner) with Alexandre
Mott© (contractor), architect P, H. Boswcrth—
All alterations ar.d additions to a two-storr
frame building- (flats) on NE corn-r Gr»en
street and West End alley; $575. "
Same owner with C. Schutt Oor.trartor) ar
chitect ssm» — Concrete, carpentry, plastering
and elPctriral work fcr sajne on same- J333)
Antolne St. Sufery (owner) with L. B. Perra
mor.t (contractor), architects E Deplerre and
P. Rijrhettl-All work except palntins for a
tbree-story frarr.e building on NE corner of
Second and DeBoom streets, E 10O N 55 W "a
S 25, U" JO, S 30; JS1T5. "•
Frederick Tillman Jr. (trustee estate Claus
Maneels) (owner) with Schanz & Orundy (con
tractors), architect J. F. Dunn— Plumblne
sewering: and pas fitting- for alterations and ad
ditions to old and new buildings (Hotel Ply
mouth) on NE corner Bush and Jones streets •
Builders' Contracts.
A C Brouse. Los Ar.tt
J T Vennum. Los An;
Mrs A M McComas. LA
Mrs Carroll. Los Ang
C A Storke. Pta Barb
N P Wood. Arizona.
Mrs H A Morton. L A
S S Scholl. Lo» Ang >
J Lynch. Lo.« Ang
P G Kaufman. Skagr-y
F T Arlington. Los A
E "W Forbes. Seattle
P Ruppe. Mich
J Vertin. Mich
G H HartweH. Los A
H W Lewia. I»s Ang
Mrs I^ewis. Los Ang
H S Lewis. Los Ansr
iflss M Lewl«. Los A
MlM M Lewis. Los A
M D Morrison. Los A
R M Sneltzer. Lns A
«' T Duryea. L JiTig
II O Parsons, Seattle
F V Dlnprnan, Seattle
W Williamson, Peattle
iln» \VlUiamson,i5eattle
I 'W Austin; Vancouver
T A McDayall. B C
C C Ingersoll. Canada
M D Coney, Ohio
W Lewis. Cal
M A Hudson, Cal
C P Donner, Fresno
A Vltzthelm. Trinity
Miss N Vltzthelm, Cal
Miss L Vltztheim. Cal
A B Hazen, Iowa
S Blacklock, Cal
J L Depanti. Cal
0 Y Woodward. Cal
E C Hart. Sacto
W M Lowell. Sacto
N* Carmichael. Cal
Mrs C M Cooper & t
children. Femdate
A C Premier. Cal
W Ikll, N t
C Dixcn. N Y
Mrs N M Garland. Minn
T L«?e. Chicago
J Clark. Gilroy
J H Read. Sacto
3 W Fleming-. Los Ang
E A Gilbert. Pacto
E L Webber. Napa
Mrs Webber. Napa
R J Tenn. B Rafael
H P Ledyard. S Jcbs
A E Miller. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL
G A Cooke. Chicago
K "W Mason. Coalinea
N V Jlorrls. USA
H B Clark, USA
E Pierce. Chicago
I L Hamm. Minn
X Ber.nett. Tacoma
J W Leonard, N J
Mrs Leonard. N J
S Sellieman, N Y
G W Earl. N J
Mrs Earl. N J
A E Earl, N T J
A R Maglnnis, L. Ang
Mrs O P Poeey. L Ang
Mrs A S VanGlesey.LA
Mrs XV McAllister. L A
[Mrs E P Tounr. Iowa
Miss A Early. low*
|C C Cloughey, Wis
E W Hoppey. N Y
H W Ausustlne.Seattle
Mrs Ausuatine. Seattle
J Bullfant. Phlla.
J H Berry. Detroit
Mifs Berry, Detroit
C A Williams. S Africa
W H Campbell. Ohio
A H Sabin. N T
W T Kins, Boston "
Mrs Kine, Boston
E A Packard. Chieaxo
W T Minure. N Y
C F Kinsmay, N T
KEW WESTERN HOTEL
O A Schroeder. Benlcla
A Bird, Davlsville
W C Evans. S Jose
J McQuirk. Rockvllle
M Bradley. Marysville
L N Peterson. N T
G A Dolbeck. X T
P E Fisher, Seattle
Mrs N Joseph, Seattle
F Thomuoo. Seattle
M H Parker. Sea-tUe
w A Gordon, Toronto
E E Sase. Seattle
R A Sajre. Seattle
B I> Thomas, Tor\»nto
C JI Murray. VIctorl*
V\' Nicholson, III
L Nicholson. Ill
WE Murray. Valleja
S Lewis, fam. Seattle
N Lewla. Seattle
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued^JFrom Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 28.
Stmr A lambda. Von Oterendorp, 22 days from
Sydney via Honolulu 6 days.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12^ hours from
ilendocino and ports.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Leland. 20 hours from
Monterey and way ports.
Schr Impossible. Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived July ~ 2«— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence July 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— Sailed July 2S— Stmr Puerst
Bismarck, for Hamburg; stmr La Champagne
for Havre; stmr Friedericb der Grosae. for
Bremen: •' - •
QL'EEXSTOWN — Sailed July 26 — Stmr
Oceanic, for New York.
HOXGKON'G— Arrived prior to July IS— Stmr
Queen Adelaide.' from Seattle, via Yokohama.
LI VEP.POOL— Arrived July 25— Stmr Bel^en
land, from Philadelphia; stmr New England,
from Boston. - ¦ £St$7!£^&Xfii
Sailed July 2&— Stmr Vancouver, for Montreal
COPE.VHAGEX — Arrived - July 23 — stmr
Norpe. from New York, for Stettin. •
LONDON— Sailed July 2S-Stmr Marquette.
for New York; stmr Arcadian, tor Montreal.
LIZARD— Passed July K— Stmr La Bretaene.
fxcin New York, for Havre. . .
track was unabated.
The first race was for horses raised ifi
this district. There were but three start
ers, Kentucky Baron. Laura Dell and E.
C. W!lkes. They were sent off on the
third trial. Laura led to the first quarter
in :3TVi. but soon went off her feet. Peart
then sent Witkes to the front, passing
the three-auarters in 1:51 and finishing the
heat in 2:30.
In the second heat "Wilkes kept the^lead
to the three-quarters, when he broke and
came In third. Baron being first, Laura
Dell second. The ; time was 2;31.
Hazel: Kenny "was brought out between
Kentucky Baron Wins the Special
Trot for Horses of the
IHstrict.
COLUSA. July *&— Although the weath
er was very warm, enthusiasm at the race
AT THE COLTJSA TRACK.
of the light harness racing to-day was
the failure of Cassell. the favorite in the
2:1S pace, to secure a place In a five-heat
race. Results:
1:24 trot, purs* J660— Contralto won second,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:174. 2:15 l ».
2:15 l i. Backman Boy won first heat in 2:21 t »
and was second. LilHe Sherbet third. Red June.
Crawford. Sen Sen and Kansas Bird also
started.
2:18 pace, purse $600— Lou Van char, won first.
second and fifth heat.«. Time. 2:lWi, 2:11U.
2:13»4. Oak Grove won third and fourth heats
end was second. Time. 2:11U. 2:12%. _ Dunton
third. Bob Bowsher. Tommy Wilton. Casseli.
Prince Stereos. Countess Knight. Lady Golden.
Eva Victory. Combat, Joco and Jack Patton
aJ.«o started.
2:20 trot, purse $800— Miss Lycurrus won sec
ond third ' and fourth heats. Time, 2:14<4.
1:15. ' 2:1S- May Alcot wen first heat tn 2:15
and was second. Clematis third. Spice. Ited
Wllkes. Mexican Boy, Anierig, Pridewood and
Chantwood aJso started.
Sensation Created at I>es Moines
Track by CasselPs Defeat.
DES MOINES, la., July 2S.— The feature
started.
FAVORITE IS UNPLACED.
won first heat In 2:ll*i and was second, Tom
Nolan third. Alcatraz and Fay High-wood also
2:21 class, trot, purse $1200— Onward Silver
won in two straight heats. Time, 2:1«V- 2:14H-
Bell Metal second. Helen A third. Brltolus.
Pauline B.- Boodler. Alice Greenlander and
Carey C also started.
2:09 class, - pacing, purse $2300— Hettie G won
third, fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:CS*i—
2:0«tj_2:io. Connor won second heat In 2:08'i
and was second. Rlley B won first heat la
2:0«U and was third. Harry O. Colonel Bert.
Jersey Mac. Fanny Diiiard. Flirt. Raymond
M and Katie Medium also started.
1:17 class, pace, purse S1S0O — Dumont W won
second and third heats. Time. 2:l<Hi— StlOH. Ira
Takes the Three I*ast Heats of the
2:09 Pace at Grand Circuit
Races.
CLEVELAND. July 26.— There was some
fine sport at the grand circuit race3 to
day, the track being very fast. The 2:03
pace was the sensational race of the dav.
Hettie G was the favorite and she justi
fied the confidence of her backers by win
ning: the race after losing the first two
heats. Results:
2:15 class, pacing-, purse JI5flO (on» heat Tues
day) — Sidney Pointer won In straight heats.
.Time. 2:10— 2:CS?i— 2:09. Lady.Plpes second, An
nie Thornton third. Henry P. The Admiral
and Torn Calhoun also started.
2:15 class, trotting. P'^rse $1100. best two In
three (one heat Tuesday/ — Lord Derby won In
straight heats. Time. 2:13*4— 2:13. Martque
fecond, Texana third. Parallel. Bell Girl and
Red Cllffe also started.
2:23 class, trotting, purse IISO*— Hs!«n Sim
mons won second, third and fourth heats.
Time. 2:11 3 ;— 2:13V- 2:15. Bay Star second. Mr.
Middlemay third. George H. Kay fourth. An
nie Burns, distanced in second heat, won first
heat in *:12V«. Gold Lace. Axtello and Bert
Herr also started.
KETTLE G WINS. V
CHICAGO. July 26.— Results at Haw
thorne:
Five and a half furlongs— Icon won. Harry
second, Omdurman third. Time, 1:12.
Six furlongs— Rival Dare won. Josephine B
second. Preetar third. Time. 1:1S*;.
Steeplechase, short course— Globe II won.
Once More second, Passe Partout third. Time.
3:16*;.
The Lassie stakes, five furlongs — Miss Ben
nett won. Bonnie Ltssak second. Princess Tat
yana third. Time. 1:0.1*;.
Seven furlongs— Frangible won. Tlldy Ann
second. Tame Irishman third. Time, 1:314.
Mile and a. sixteenth — Great Bend won. Hub
Prather second, Boney Boy third. Time. 1:52.
BT. LOUI3. July 26.— Results:
Six furlongs— Regatta won. Mangle T second,
Tigris third. Time, l:lSHw
Mile and seventy yards— Colonel Gay won.
Tom Cromwell second. Iron Chancellor third.
Time. 1:51.
Six furlongs — Love's Labor won. Odnor sec
ond. Two Annies third. Time. 1:17.
Mile and a sixteenth — Gotobed won. Pinochle
second. Tom Gilmore third. Time. 1:3L
Seven furlong-s— HI Koiiar won, Libbie second,
Tiekful third. Time. 1:30.
Five and a half furlongs^ — Obia. won, Ampera
second, Orleans third. Time, 1:05*4.
NEW YORK, July 26.— A small crowd
appeared at Brighton Beach to-day. The
card was poor, the day stormy, the track
a sea of mud. The only fixture was the
Sea Gull handicap at a mile, in which
McMeekin was the favorite and Bomb
shell a strong second choice and thus
they finished, the favorite going to the
front at flagfall and winning all the way
easily. Results:
One and a sixteenth miles— Maximo Gomel
won, Bettle Gray second. RaXCaelo third. Time
1:M *-5.
Five furlongs— King Pepper won, Telamon
second. Demurrer third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
The Sea Gull, on© mile— McMeekla won.
Bombshell second. Plucky tliird. Time. 1:44.
One and a half .miles — Autumn won, Lin'dula
second. Spurs third. Time, 2:40 1-5.
Six furlongs— Waring 1 won, Hellobas
Gertrude Elliott third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
One and an eighth miles, !>eiling — A-.= :ke
won. Rare Perfume second. Sir Fltzhugrh third.
Time, 1:57 3-5.
DETROIT. Mich.. July K.— Three favor
ites won at Windsor to-day over a fast
track. Results:
One mile and seventy yards— Zone* won,
George B. Cox second, Thomas Carey third.
Time. 1:49.
Five furlongs— Lyror Belle won. Robert Mor
rison second, Erincell third. Time, l:aj*i-
Six and a half furlongs — Irma S won. Clara
Wooley second, B. G. Fox third. Time, 1:23.
Six furlongs— The Lady won, Foneda second,
Espeegee third. Time, 1:15.
Steeplechase, short course — Jack Carey won.
Lord Farrondale second. Tolstoi third. Time,
3:M.
One and an eighth miles— Fanny Taylor won.
King Elkwood second. Miss Patroon third.
Time, 1:58.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 21— Sidney Lu
cas, a strong favorite in the betting, won
the Turf CongTess stakes, the opening
feature of the Highland Park Club's sum
mer meeting.
The five horses got away to a good
start. John Yerkes went to the front and
opened up a gap of four lengths around
the first turn, with Advance Guard sec
ond and Sidney Luca3 last, with Ross
hard at work on him. Turning into the
stretch Lucas gradually overhauled the
leaders. John Yerkes dropped out at the
eighth pole and Sidney Lucas disposed of
Advance Guard In the last sixteenth, win
ning: by a neck. Results:
Sbc furlong* — Dangerous Maid wca. Corial's
second. Wine Press third. Time. 1:14H-
Five furlongs— Kid Cox won, Faletou second.
Terminus third. Time. lrfC»i.
Seven furlongs — Gold Pox won. Quaver sec
ond. The Benedict third. Time, 1:23H.
The Turf Congress stakes. $2000 added, three
year-olds, one and a sixteenth miles— Sidney
Lucas won. Advance Guard second. John
Terkes third. Time, l:4Si4.
Five and a half furlongs— Donna Zeay won,
Formalls second. Anna Chamberlain third-
Time, 1:09!*.
One and an eighth miles — Wlnd-srard won.
Kitty Regent scond. Baffled third. Time, 1:5«14.
Six furlongs — By George won, Hungarian sec
ond. Glad Hand third. Time, 1:15%.
Beats Advance Guard by a
Neck at Highland
John Yerkes Makes the Running Up
to the Eighth Pole, but Fin
ishes in Third
Place.
SIDNEY LUCAS
WINS THE TURF
CONGRESS STAKE
The livestock departments, other than
the dairy classes, will be judged by Pro
fessor "Withycombe of the Oregon State
University, and the dairy cattle and tfie
dairy exhibits at the pavilion by Professor
Leroy Anderson of Ithaca. N. Y., who has
recently been appointed instructor in dai
rying at the State University.
During the fair automobile races will
be given, a polo tournament will be held
and spirited and novelty races will be of
fered for polo ponies and for ponies other
than qualified ponie?.
Amusement features In great variety
will be provided for the evening enter
tainment. A great brass band has been
secured, and the pavilion exhibition will
be more interesting than ever before.
In the preat exposition building, having
a floor space of over three acres, a splen
did exhibition is assured. In the ma
chinery hall and the various departments
of art, agriculture, horticulture, viticul
ture, textile fabric?, etc.. a large number
of interesting exhibits have already been
guaranteed. The Citizens" State Fair Club
Is actively at work promoting the pavilion
displays. The Sacramento Valley Im
provement Association, representing many
of the most productive and best counties
of Northern California, will co-operate to
secure exhibits from the various counties
represented.
The Belgian hare show will profit by
the boom in the breeding of the?e ani
mals. Hares from England. Colorado and
all parts of California will be exhibited.
The poultry breeders have taken hold of
their department with enthusiasm and
the large poultrv pavilion provided last
year will have to be enlarged. All varie
ties, large and small, useful and orna
mental, will be exhibited, and the fancier
who attends will enjoy the experience.
The dog show will be liberally patron
ized. Entries will be received from all
the leading specialty clubs and breeders,
as they wish to make the State's first
show a success, so as to guarantee its
continuance as a permanent exhibition.
In the livestock department enough en
tries have already been received to guar
antee an unusually fine display. Many
famous herds of beef and dairy cattle
have been entered for exhibition. A great
Nevada herd of Hereford cattle have won
all the prizes at the last three State fairs.
This herd will be shown again with the
addition of many Eastern prize winners
and two choice California herds. Five
high-class herds of Jerseys have already
enraged stalls with the prospect of others.
The largest number of pure bred swine
ever shown at a State Fair has already
been entered. They come from Los An
geles, Fresno. San Joaquln. Alameda and
Sacramento counties and include all the
standard breeds.
Among the runners such hlgh-clasB sta
bles will participate as those of Green. B.
Morris, W. B. Jennings, A. B. Spreckels,
Burns & Waterhouse, J. E. Terry, Ab
Stemler, Atkins & Lottridge, Charley
Boots, I. Campbell, W. S. Hobart. Rancho
del Paso, E. J. Baldwin and many others.
Among the trotters such horses as Dione
(2:07ft), Clipper (2:06^), Little Thorn
(2:0s 1 -), Daedalion (2:11). Dolly Dillon
(2:13>7 I Direct (2:13), Rey Direct (2:14).
Kelly Briggs (2:10^). Stam B (2:UU).
Zombro (2:11). McBriar (2:16U). Bet Madi
son (2:15^> and others with fast records,
or with phenomenal trials, will" meet In
many races. The trotters and pacers have
been tried out in the northern circuit and
they will meet and be reciassitied at the
State Fair and some sensational time and
contests will result.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.— President A.
B. Spreckels of the State Agricultural So
ciety has called a meeting of the board of
directors- at Sacramento for Saturday
morning next, at which time important
details of the State Fair, to be held in Sac
ramento beginning the first week In Sep
tember, will be arranged. Much prelim
inary work has already been done by the
board, by Secretary Peter J. Shields and
by the State Fair Club — a committee of
the Chamber" of Commerce, which did so
much for the fair in 1S9»— and many de
partments of the exhibition are already
assured successes. The fair this year
promises to be a great exhibition. The
large stakes and purses offered by the as
sociation last vear have been repeated and
even increased and the racing will be the
highest ciass ever witnessed at a State
Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Splendid Racing Programme Is Be
ing Arranged and High Class
Horses Will Partici
pate.
Some of the Attractive
Features of the Ex
position.
STATE FAIR
PROMISES TO BE
A GREAT EVENT
The Grassmore welter handicap was
won by Melitto, on which L. Reift also
had the mount.
The Molyneux plate was won by Oms
kirk. guided by J. Relff.
The Windennere. all age. swllln? plate,
was won by Consolation, ridden by Sloan.
The thirty-first great Lancashire breed
ers' produce stakes of 2000 sovereigns was
won by J. B. Joales' Filchiran. also ridden
by Sloan. ""• -!ii __^_
The Southport 2-year-old stakes was
won by Elleray with L. Relff in the
saddle.
LIVERPOOL, July 28.— At the opening
of the Liverpool July meeting to-day the
American Jockeys started well, winning
five out oi seven races, though Consola
tion, one of Tod Sloan's mounts, was af
terward disqualified for boring.
at the Liverpool Meeting.
American Jockeys Have a Good Day
FIVE OTJT OF SEVEN.
One mile dash, purse Jl'O — Harcestake wan.
March Seven second. Sea Spray third. Tine,
RunnlTisr race, three-fourths of a mile dash,
purse I1C0, free entrance— Cfcarles Goodwin
won. Clarar.do second, Beaumont th!rd. Da
nrgo left at post. Time. 1:H*4.
Time. 2:;«— 2:2*^— *:U.
Special trot fcr district hen »s— Kent acVy
Baron won second and third heats and race.
E. C. WIlke3 won flrst heat. Laura* Dell also
started. Time. 1:10 — 1:31— 2:29H-
Exhibition trot against time — Hazel K*enny,
5:124-
Special trot, t?lre* !r. five, purse $300:
Juan Chico, eh. r (Hellxnan) 1111
Dolador. b. g (Robin«cn> 12 2 0
Belle Patchen, ch. m. <Ward) I * 4 4
Mareie McKenney, b. e. (CiuceUo) diet
Puerto Rico 4 3 11
Summary
In the third hpat for district horses Ken
tucky Baron took the lead and passed
under the wire In 2:23^.
the succeeding heats and sent a mile
against time. She made the quarter In. :33.
tbs half in 1:05 1-3, the three-quarters In
1:33^ and finished in 2:124.
THE SAX FRAXC1SCO CALL, FE1DAY, JULY 27, 1900.
11
MitTiir.nn ••*«inr rn.nn.ii.
UAUno iT^rtw.l
Trains !•»«• »u«4 ai-o ilu* to nrrlf a at
>»4> rit»\« !«.««».
(Main Lir.e. Foot of Harkct SBtll)
*«*?* — Feom Jut.T I!, IXJO. — iis:tl
•T:Oo» B«rlr<» Bidsua. E'.tc-r» VaeaTda,
Bumv? »ii 1 SA.T4~.*n"<» ......... TMSf
*?:••» ?h«_-ti Eiyr»M— Dans. V>\'.A*vct iot
Py..e:i epran). VTillowa. Eed
tiufl. Poruasd. *7i«S r
•;>S*a Kvtintt, Saa !:«.»., >u Vtllajo. >"»p».
«.».. *v s» »ti.i -»*:¦•» Rot» ••il3»
•8:00a Dxr.i. nocdlasd Knijhu Laadhif.
>l«riin..« i»ro>i>>. «~:I5»
•"»:•«, A-Zv_;.; Kxpresn— >f^lrn aad East <llti3»
•»rl»» S»h ..'.»• !Jter3«:r», Stoekl»u.
U:.». -l?r»-t «::•), Fiie-rfi.;-.
M.rj"'!!'-. Clueo, IM HmS •1:|.1»
•9:304 Oaid^^r. C&in«aa (for ToteiaitaX
iSoBbd. Carters. *4il3p
•9:O«>* H»? «k .:» TfH— *ud Waf dtotioat. *l I ; I5»
•»:»»» Lns Azu'.n Ei;r.T — M«ri: fz.
Tne;. Latiirop, dioealco. Merced
»:.u t'lesoo *8i43f
•9:3» » Tiii-t... Slvtlsn and W,, Statioa* •StlSr
¦ 'm:«»» T2j< OrerUntl Limited— Ozdva, L«a-
in, (t-i.i:.» Ua,-i *3:13r
•II:Oi« >'Q«a. Uttrmnre. dtoektoa. Sacr»-
nmti), Uea-ioia. Usuford, Tballa.
Pcr:«Tiii» MUSr
•IJrnim Uay »».-*«. M>i %ni Way Station*. '2:4*?
tliOVr 3acra.ii*ntn Ki>erdte«nien t3:0*«
•3iOOr Hay-tr'.«. X.l't »od Way S:-.t!o-n. *»i«3p
•l;iMtr Martinez, ¦>» . >lUmon. Talie'o.
N»r«. *.•»«•*«»*. S«nt« Rosa •»¦!»*
•4:O«pB«Bida^ Wiatras. S*sr*»«oi»o,
Wi, .;:»„', Ku^LU I .as He i.
U*rmi:.-. Oro»i:;a •¦•i4Sa
•iil'Jr N!!e*. v«.n Jrmii'! Hi-.c.ou *?:ISr
*3:»«rTJ» O»l United— Tr-.ey. Vi**r.a.
Bik»n;»:<l. Haagna tar s»nt» Bar-
bara, I.- » Aerrles. "»:I3»
•3i»#f Frtsno Ptsse=ser— Marslara, Lath-
roa Stockton. Uerred. Bersada
(Rayaood for ToweaotteX ' (-»¦> . *l3t I3»
•3iI«rXe» OrUast Cxsrtas— liakcndold.
Kanta Karb*r», Loa Asgries. l>u>-
inr. El Fuo, >'«* Orieaua aad
£asi ••i«."»«
•<S:OO» U»» wards. Mlra aad San Joaa *?i43a
»«:O»r VaUeJo ....*»3tl3p
•»:0«»rOrienUl M»il-OiJ«3, Cb'jtm*
OaJifca. CUteafo f. '11:43*
•8:OOp Oriantal M»i!— <.'gJ«s. Dsqt«t.
OaiM. Cttioa^ix *€<13p
{7i«»p Tsll.jo. Ton Costa aud Wa» Sta-
Uoaa :«J3f
•«:<».lp Or-; .ii is! Callfnruta l".i|.rin »«;.
ri.it:.l.i. *Iar;»f!i>. I:-.! '!>i.
rnrti»..-i. r.ig--. -*.»., .1 an.l Ka«t »a«l»>
C04vr DITIMU^ CScfTM* «•«¦«•).
iFootcf M.rke t 3trwt.>
!?:43a paota Cm Cxccrsion for Saata
Cr ji and Principal Way Statiooa JS:O9p
•S:t3*Kewafi(.i;«uteTTi:!r,rjaaJas«J?e!tO!i.
EciV.-f Creek, a aataCrnx %n& W»»
Sutlouf littr
ISilar Ht>wk CsakmtUa. >>*¦. Jos* Hsw
Aimad«n. f-lton, Hnjn Cre*«,
Cm aod Prindpal Wsr
Staflotia •l«i30*
*4tl3p Se««'c, K»a Joss. Lot Oatoa f «!*•»
a4M3pGieawcod. Feltoc. Saata Cna ilJ»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•71$ »«i It.OOt.M. tl'33 '2:3 11:53
.'r»a ail'.**: — 'til j'3r»»i»ir.— -f.SO u *4 I3C0».u.
ti« S3 *!::; ta:a »3:c: nzz -»:3r.w.
COIST limsio* (Braa4(iaas»).
QbtrJ *¦>& To»bw<1 Su )
1«:I»a Ocean View, rtoath >-5Ji frkucuen.. t*3s>r
t?:O«* Kan Jos* a».l V. i r >,: ,ti... . i N f *
Alaiadaii \T«.li3e*laji mi?/) •Ii»'»*
t?iS#* Sonday Ei-.u*!cn It Saa Joaa.
Croz. PaeiSc Grors aad
Pncsipal Way Matjona tSiSSr
**>00a «tii .1. i». Tra Pi>m«. Kaut* C'nia.
- Fieiie <>rais. ]'*¦.¦ RubJra. Hao
I.uis Oi.^po Sntt, Loaaoc an<t
l'ri.ie:r.ai VS »r SSatlons MiIOt
•la.ie. Ban J. «e «::¦! War StatUma... . *«>«S.
•iiuu» N« l i.]^i>,Lova»:cs»>::nvij^t%uoti« *3:30r
t3:43r nan \!««x UtdwocA. Mralo Pari,
Pilo Alto. Sin t» Can. San .)< s«,
Trss Pinca. Sauta Cr>iz. Salinas.
MoDtervyand Pacific Uro»» Mtillt
tSj3«pSan Joaaaad Way Btatious *7*S*r
f4llit San .Jot* *u ! Pn>cipai Vf*j ':»>!oni *9:l3a
t5:«orSan Joaa, Loa Gate* aad Principal
Way Station* ?»!©«»
•3:3(1. S«4,l.-»n.t Piio^p*! \T» f ?,:*li.mt ?«:X1»
•«:3ttp aaa Jos« aaJ W«y Siat.mii t«:»«»
6ll:43p San Jo— and War Station* »TtS»r
A for Morniag. P (or A fismooa. ~*
*DaJlj. ? .-JunJar sxevrted. J 3an<lay only
s Satorday only,
a 3stardar sad Staday. • 3oo<Ia; and Moaday
CALIFOISIA jraSTDVESTElN <T. Ca
LESS3E
SAN FRANCISCO NOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.MPA.HY.
Titaren Ferry. Foot of Maricet St.
SAN rKANXISCO TO SAN RATAZl*
TTTTK DAT?- 7:». 9M. U:0« a. m.: U-.St.
S:W. i:M. t-JS3 p. m- Thurwlaya— Extra, trt»
at 11:30 =. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at IS*
tn<l U:Z3 r is.
eVNDAT»-l:£». f*. U:«) ». in. : 1:JO^ 1:38.
«:««. «:» o- m.
SAK RAFAEL. TO SAX FRAKCTSCO.
•VTZEK PAYS- €:10. 7:50. ):V>, U:19 a. CS.; 12:O>
i:¥t. |:U p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at
I '.* aad s-zz d. m.
SUNDATS-S:10, »:«. 11:13 a. m.: l:tS. 1:4*.
S:«. «:E r». m. .
Between San Francisco and 8chueta«a Paria
mz« scfc<\!til» as atov.
Leave ! la ESect. I AtTir*
San Franclaco. lApr. 15. !>».; Saa Fraaelawv
Week { ffun- j ! Sun- • Wee*
Days. [ (!a>». f Dwtinatten-l days. ! D»T»-
lT»»Ta: |:Wara| Xorata. ;10:« aal »:« ara
*:» pm| »:» am; Petaiuma. I 4:(» pm'W:3 ani
5:1'> pmi 5:00 per. Sacta FU»a-t 7:35 pn>. «:» ?ia
" 1^1 ton. I
t:J8tx! Windsor. ll»:3 ta
Healdsborf.
Lrf.on. j
G*y»enririe. !
1 30 pin l:C0 >!a CToTfria!«. v T.1S pg| l:» ym
7:J3as^T j HsrUnd j Sk5 aa»
I 30 pm' 1:00 asa! and Ultiah. 1 7:S prai * » pea
7:» asi ~~ j .jl3:JSa=»
1:90 aaa r Oaereerille. ' 7:33 pa:'
t:»pm J I tii pa
7:59 arnj «:«O arn! Sonoma I »:U am; t:*9 aaa
- J - j aad I
1:13 pra? S:P) pra' Glen EHea. j 1:05 prnj » 7> pm
":» are! S:W am! |M:« ma 'M:» aa
»:» pml >:C0 pm* Bebaatrpol. j 7:13 ?ni »:» pta
Stazes connect at Santa Rc«a far Mark 'W-at
Bprlng-s aa-1 White QtCstcar Sprt25»: at Fcltaa
for Altrur.a: «t Lrtrcn for Lytton Sprtrji: at
G*y«erTlli» for Skagzs 5prlRx«: «t Cl<werdal«
fcr the O»yw«r9; at Hcrlaad for tmnran
Ejrrlcr*- Higblaiid Pprlsrs. Kelseyrllle. Car!«-
bad.Sprl&s;5. Seda Bay. Lakeport acd Bartlett
Springs; at V\'.xh fcr Vichy Sprtayt, Saratsr*
Ecrlnari. Bin* Lak«*. LaQre! Del! L*k«. W!tt«r
Pprlng-s. Cpppr La.k». Potno. Pott*r Va!l*y.
Jofcn Day's. Rlr-nld*. tJ-rlfy's. Boeka«ll's.
Sanh#<?rta Helchta. IXtillvlQe. Orr'a- Hot
Eprtagi. MendocJao City. Fcrt Bra«r. West-
port, L*«ml. WJIHls. Lartcnrtlle. CusKOlSi.
E*Hs Sprjara. Harris. Olsen'a. Dy«r. fcotla,
and Kareka.
Faturiay to Me-Iay ross<2 trio tickets a*
reduced ratea.
I Oa 3ur.u-.r rcurJ trip tickets ta mS potata
beyond Sin Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket of !?<?•*. «S3 Markat at.. ChronJcl* b!i».
H. C. WH1TLVO. R. X. RTAi*.
Geaeral Macazer. Gen. Fasa. Azsot.
MOUST fAMALPH3 SCENIC HALLWAY
Ltave San Francisco via. Sausatlto Ferry
¦WEEK DATS. ...9:30 au m.. X:«5 and 5:15 p. za.
EUXDATF....S. >. VK li a. in., 1:3D. Z:30 p. m.
Fare San Franctaco to Saxmtt and n tarn. Jl V).
XHW TAVERN' OF TAMALPAI3 XOff OPKV
aDr.jSIbbon'siJIspeiisary,
62i>KEA«3ll ; ST. Ettabnah«4
In IS*» lor the treatment of Prtvat*
I>HeajM«5. i»«t MjinhrwxJ. D-bi!ity or
«u»e«a^»^eartny on bndyaadmladaad
Skin DUeawa Tb# 4ocu>rcomwl>mi
otwrglaU. Try him. Cfcarre* h»r.
Cnretcasrantfri. Ciilorwr!:*
Or. J. r. UlBBOSt Box l«37.Saa ?taactn»
rnOOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfarn.
Stli-KIOJf. tSX o*ar Fourteenth— Couple of n!ra
sucr.y rootne. Si and f$; centlersen only;
¦CETKX.T furrished rooms: tun all day: single
- • -. 5u:te: Btzictly private family; refer-
¦ -¦ > P. i w«41. Call office.
O'FARREIJU !*-6nfiny furr!«he<l r»Don:s ar.d
r.'f ,¦<•=: »-i»-vatcr; elet-trie lights; day. *k.. mo.
Ii^-WEI-I-. :;i— Lieht. clftn.roif.; eaites or s'.n-
r>; tnocsient: runnir.tr t»at?r. rates reduced.
r.O>Kr>A'.E Hnaae. SIS ar.d VLl Ellis «t.-Rocrr.s.
c!fhi Se t ! SI. T.jwk fl TZ tr> $4; open ni^ht.
ROTAti HOCEE. li« Ellis st.— Incandescent
lifht: TPxilnf-Tncm, FWokinK-room ar.d ladies'
;i-':r: rcx^rr.s. r^r r.ipht. 2^c to $1 $•>: iveeli. $2
'.- J': m--th. J^ to tzi: tleratcr on ofSce a>:r-
- - ••: hot ani COM water; baths.
FACEAXENTO, W— Neat furnished rooms;
fTiirat* ¦.nrr.ily. tl ar.d urward.
EHEBMAX Apartn'M Houw] T« KlrMh st~"
r>ar Mark»;— Furnished cr unfurnished.
f '"TTER. S3C-1 cr 5 larpe fnr.t rooms fcr
• - cr office; ga*; call after 5 p. m.
EX7TTEB, IMS — Lanre *-jr.ny r^ar roora: closet.
rur.r:r.c wtter. gas; $S month; small front
rood, %<> month; raodem; ccnver.'.ent.
TEKA1IA, ZZ7— Two nicely f urci*hed~rocm« :
r-r.t rhfan.
THE OAKS, U3 Th'.rd-A rood roosilac 1rv*t
'-'¦- rx< r-ec;le. R. HcGKE?. prorrietor.
THIRD. iCO — Two large unfurnished rooms;
bath; also furnished, xnth use cf kitchen.
•-LAf^IFIED advert!s*iEerts ar.d eubscriptlcr.s
rccelwed et Call branch efflce. Fiilmoie st.
A BRANCH cff.ee fcr Cs.ll advertisements and
f :b«-r;rtior.5 has bees established at 1C«6 Va-
>r.<-:a st. .- -.,-
UOOMS AXD IIO • nD.
V.^TT.Z. Sutherland, TS1 Sutter st.: choice loca-
tles; sur.cy rooms with board; first-class w::h
every convenience.
A PPECIAL effer to teachers; •xwptlosally at-
tract'.ve Ir.ter'.cr and table. SJT Callfcrnia st.
LAS PALMAS. !<;> Market st.— =J'te cf 2 or S
ms.: private: bath; sin. rem; board optional.
OFAEUELL. 741. rear Hj^e— &:a-'d, with or
. wtthoat fumrkhefi room.
CHEAPEST ar.d best !r. Anerira— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any Eiiress in the
I'c'.ted States cr Canada one year fcr Jl.
r"ftare raid.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
CALL at RootB Restlr-ir Ag-encr, PlI-S'J Exam-
twgf b-o ilii: Tig-, if you wart to rent rooms.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
PEfT tta^-.p phot.« arsd buttcn* cn earth.
DORE. XSSI Market St.. above Jo=es.
ROOMS papered from J3: whitened. II up;
r?-:r.t:r.p done. Hartrr.ar. Pair.t Co., "13 Third, i
BAD tT.ar.ts F" af ~tel for H: collections made:
rity rr T-vr.-rr. PACIFIC COLLECTION (
# ~O . 415 M'r.tjrTr.ery ft., r'virn? S-lfl; tel. 555^.
tEniSG MACHINES AXD SCTPLIES. |
ALL klnis bo^sht, s-'.d ar.d repairing puaran-
_ te*d. Chas. Ptax&beck. 1913 Mission, rrj 13th. j
ALL kistCt boattt, sold, exehanjeed. rented:
r*.-a:rirg at !r»>;! rate*. ;>*> Fourth ?t.
STOUAliC A.\D WJLBCUOCSES.
TCILSOjr BROS., rt^race and moving: cowed '
va^s. Tenth ar.i Market : phone South TO. ' i
PACIFIC Ft^rsr* ar.a Furniture Moving Coin- i
_»*'y. t"> F::irr.cre ft.; jhcr.e Jackson SSL
BUKIN? Van ar.d Storaij« Ca. T^ Mission St.; !
:*\ Main :?4"»— Pa.-k;r.r. uwwlng and Etorase. \
TVrEWRITEKS AMI M I'I'LIHS.
GREAT BARGAIN? IN* TYPEvTRITERS-'V\> :
s»:i better mAclj;nr* 'or Ies« money than a.r.y
house In the city; rental?. $3. The Type writer ¦
exchange. ZZ* California, telephone Main ;»S.
A TYPEWRITER. brar.-5 r.?w fcr SIX RE-
VALK. <:^ Ca:iforr-ia Ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ALAMEDAJROO.MS^
TKRET" large r-*>rr.s comr'etely fjrs!th«d. with
tb« i;f» ot doubie parlor*; c'ose to nation: In '
rood I oration; complete for housekeeping. ¦
:: ¦: Cfrtral su.. Alameda.
BEBKELEI' ADVERTISEMEXTS [
DEBKCLCV REAL ESTATE.
IN" Berkeley— Two-story rrc<!err>. ccttage. seven !
iarjre rooms ar.d bath; double parlors: hea-.-r ,
rr.c4<Iir.g*: T-ft. !.as*-n.»r.t; trirk fooadattoa:
lot i^ilS: 'street work complete; price S32Lv; !
r. r.-:.:> ;a;mer.ts if desired. Inquire en]
TTfrntsca. 2;iT Fulton *t., Ashhy ftation: cr i
U*rrn k Hoiccrr.b. W> Brcadna'y. Oakland. !
Oakland Advertisements i
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
PRETTTCST HOME IN OAKLAND.
Fcr & rozy hcrre there's nothing c!eer than
• ¦ :- : :r&rA n« h'-j«» r.f ', rccm«. all mndfra i
lr. f\-rry r»»r*ct : let S!xll€ feet; terraced lawn: :
rttnt cartf-n; hleh bnetBeBt; etc.; price enly '
i2t'fi; tee tbi? ar.a bp Eat:«fi»d.
•;!;¦' w. auptix & CO..
: ".i Kroadway. O&Vland.
lots i lots: LT-T5 • : -.- -. - j
?*::. and ojnsmrt; Baert t-iV.i'.r.g t-pot In Oak- !
lar.l: *a<=y terrr:?: will fj'.ld to eult; p'.clt ycur 1
lot. «» do tb* rettj Ivated between Thirty- !
F^crr.d and Th!rty-Fixth fir.. Grove a-,d an '
r*b!r> ave. rs,-ILLIAM J." DINGED. Ki3 Broad- j
•ray, Oaklar.d.
pnn BALE^-Valoabto Ia>j«ovc4 ar.i prodnetlT* '
IttoueiLJ^ bririririp m a monthly restaJ of $134: j
»ai<i jvroprty '.s r'fjated ot; the main »v»nu» j
\*-&<iitj; from Oakland to Alame-Ia; to be soli |
easy tprrn*. Address MBS. SEVIN* VIN- !
("EVT. rr7 Park a.v<».. Oakland. Cal.
NKW crlor.lal: T more*: fir.s«hed in hardwood; !
4^1^: on *'« fid» at Telepraph ave.; must 1
re tf*n to be appreciated. A. J. SNYDER & i
CO.. *PT N'ir.th *t.. Oakland. Ca!.
I«tv» AND up: chicken farrrj; X> rare cataJ<r<ru- ;
' homes. E. EL BUNCE, K-S Broad^ray. Oak- !
land.
FOR rale — New modern cottage: S larg-e rooms.
tath an<! laundrj'; lot «lxl*5 feet. «:ail at 14C3 :
FSbert et.
-^^—^"^¦^^^'^^—^*^— —^*—^^ i
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
PRETTY double cottage of ten rooms. b*th !
ar. J rss. la perfect order, veranda and gar- '
ft«s: uwtlfett comer Filth aad Clay s ; s . i>?. ;
ta.'.s a^id kpy, apply rcera IT. Galicdo Hotel: i
i>m iDoc-eraig.
OAKLAND rURMTUHE FOR SALtS. j
AN '.rtrodj-cticn to y*j frcm H. ScheilhaiB. the i
furcin-re ceaier. 11th arvf Franklin. OfLkln^.i. ;
PROPOSALS.
VMVERSITT OF CALIFOKN'IA. Berkeley: '•
N;t;ce :o contrsuctora, builders &n«S material ;
ir-.<?i— Nctire is tereby gi v « a to all concerned
that scaled proposal* cr bids are aolidted for
tr.e erectica d a residence for the president j
cl 'he tniverEity and for performine the labor :
i-d farn^hirjr the materials ceceffsary there- '
:cr,«:4 «aii bids cr proposals will be received !
a: Va* <SSt* cf the Reseats of the University j
<? CalUenda In the Mark Hopkins Institute!
» ! Art, comer of Uaaoa and California tts . i
fM.r. i-rar.c;sro. <*al.. a.t or before U o'clock ai. \
-of the XKli <iay of July. I5O-3: utd notice 1* i
reret> fur.her p;v«n that the plans ana
dttdfletifeas cf uU building tare been made
and tdepted ar.i are placed In the cf£:e of - ;
Albert I'issis. architect. 207 Sansoroe st., s*n ;
T"r»rsci5-co. There the ame rn»y b« seen tsd ;
axxiaiaed (Sunns *>ach day frcm 3 o'clock a '
rr.. until « o'clock p. m., from this <Jay u-.til '
•:> atfe <i*y cf Julr. DOS. No bids or pro- :
rota's »ill be cocaidered unless ihe came «-e :
ecet>rr.pani»-d by a c-rtifled check or a bond i
''. tsMi prcj*wer ia the sum of tea cl?» p-r 1
cest o'. Ua proposal, with efficient Eurctlci '
inafflttewd that. If eaid bid cr prcposal thall-
be accepted the party rrvp-jfir.g mrtU <luly*en- '
t»r icto a rrcpe-r Oir.tract to faith 'ally Mr- <
lira the duty and etHgations in «'" O ''iac« ¦
».lh tald |.TCpcsa!. and plaa end e"«eVflra-
tioaf. which than be and are hereby required ;
to be a ps-rt of. such contract. The rieht to
r*>ct any end all b:d s Is hereby reilrved
Tt-.i» netjee Is given pursuant to an act JrTl
titled "An act to amend an act enftled an
act to create and ciranlie the University of
. C*hrcrr.;a." approved March O. mt 7nd » !
act amendatcrj- of section 23 th-r4' a^
ttroc-irn c. bu.141r.sn. approved March 3. 1237. :
r^Ss r in f A^rc^rv 3 GrouEdl - d !
HT.A. MeKOWEX. Acting "G***tmrr.
• V'TICn TO TONTEACTOEF- Bids tt-31 h. r»
reived by the ur.d.r^ljrr.e-J until I pT m Au-"
r-urt € and then opened, for the constriction
or a wharf and war*hcuse coven n* about im
»V f«et aad about t» f-^^rftWLui
amroswcfc near the momh at th» Columbia !
. FcW. Clateop County. r>r. Plan, and f^cI* !
1 aralioci r, n he seen and Mask forma cf pro-
SV^JL 1 * *»rjj~d at the office of the A«to-ia
CMvmbia River Rallrcad !n the Flavt-1
tovliatnt:. Astoria. Or. A tatlsfartnry bond '
«-iil b* required of the Buccwrfui hi.lder The !
underelrned r**en*s the r:«ht to reject enr '
cr ali Wd« In tvhole or In part as per forms '
rt propr*a! and «r*rificatSan!i. NORTH- i
west coxsTKircnox compact. ' ,
PROPOSALS.
CON ST^UCTTOX ~OF~SeWER— Sanitary Dls-
trtrt No. 1 o* Marln County, CaJ.. asks for
bids t»>r the construction of a system cf eew-
ers In Ross Valley. Maria County, as per
! plans and specification* on file with the sec-
retary. Right reserved to reject any acd all
bids. Bidders win please call between the
| hours cf t« a. m. and 12 ra.. aad 2 and 4 p. rn.
HENRY F. AI.A.EN. President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. IIP Sutt>r st- S. F.
UIVIDE.NU .NOTICES.
i DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend~NorTo7~<fifty
i cents per share) cf the Oceanic Steamship
I Company, wiil fc« payable at the offlce of tha
! cc^ipany, 727 Market ft., cn and after
. | WEDNESDAY. August 3, 1J00. Transfer
, bcck» wiil close cn Thursday. July 26. 1900.
i at 3 o'clock p. m.
, E. II. gHELDOX. Secretary.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
iThe follo^lrc marriage I'cer.ses were issued
, yesterday:
I Jchn A. Woods. 31. Pr»?!a!'>. and Christina
! M. Corit, 2Z. Leawnworth. Kan«.
Hf-nry A. Og\e. 24. PrMidio. and Bessie Gay-
1 r.er. Z*. 15C1 Scott street.
Frank BlzzaU, 2S, Nicaslo, ar.d Mary Pel-
laacio. ::. Valley Ford.
John F. F<-!iloemer. 21. ZS2- Po!k street, and
Tiliie Hcrir.ann. IS. KM Ninth street.
William H. Flschbeck. 14, USS Pacific street.
i I tn<1 Arr.ie WQhlkea. tl. 5« Ninth street.
i Arthur Kr.ox. 27. 5n2 Taylor street, and Alice
¦ J Fema'J. 24. T1S Leavenworth ftreet.
j \N'arren H. Merritt. 20. Wafhingrtonville. N.
T.. ar.i Eva M. Neutwr. 17. VS Sixth street.
! Otto A. Schroeder. :4. Be-nicla, ar.d Bina H.
; j Johnston. H, Parta Ro«a.
I BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and d»ath notices sent by
I mail tviU BOt tot inserted. They roust be handed
i In tt either of the publication offices and b*
i indorsed with the narr.e ar.d residence cf per-
i ices authorized to have the same published.
BOHlf.
I CHEVALIER— In this city, June tt. 19C0. to the
wife t>t Ed Chevalier, a son.
! EXCWJCHT-In this city, to the wife cf John
Eacwteat. a aaug-hter.
i HOEY-In Vallejo. Cal.. July 24. 1300. to the
I wife o£ H. D. Hcey. a son.
' KLINGKR— In this city. July U, 1X0. to the
| wife of 'William M. Klinser. a son.
. MILLO^-In this city. July J, IKO. to the wife
! of Louis Miller, a daughter.
i POINTON— la this city. July 13. 1S0Q. to the
wife of A. M. Poinior.. a daughter.
1 RVPPERT— In this city. July 2$. 1900, to the
wife of Charles Rnppert. a son.
MAHRIEIX
I BOWEN— ATKINSON— In this city. July 36,
; I?C<>. at the Mizpah Presbyterian Church, by
! the Rev. r>r. John A. B. Wilson of the How- '
¦ ard-^treet Methodist Church, Fred W. Bowen
j cf. Batterj- A. Third Artillery, and Annie
! Atkinson cf San Frar.cisco.
I FREEMAN"— JOSKPH— In this city. July 25.
1>X". by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
; Jchn O. Freeman of Denver and Mary R.
Joseph of San Francisco.
; KROENKE— JfERGENS- In Oaklar.d. July 2,'
! 1300, at Zion's German Evangelical Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Aug. Ernst
! Kroenke and Louise M. Juergens.
I MERRITT— NEUEER-In this city, July 2i,
t 1SW. ty the Rev. I>r. John A. B. Wilson,
Warren H. Merritt of \\'ashingtonvii!e. x.
V., ar.i Ella May Neuber of San Francisco.
! MILLER— CHP.ISTENSOX— In this city. July
' t\ 1*00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wli*on.
; Charles M:ller ani liannah Christenscn. both i
i c-t Anticch, Cal.
' WEMMER— LANG— In Oaklar.d, July t2. I3C0.
by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. Caspar Wenimer
' ani Ix.uise Lar;.
DIED.
ArraH. John \ Helms. Jchn E. A.
Aprnus. John Hens. G. O. Fred
Bean, William L. Hurd, Wm. A. C
Blasoel, Henry G. Kelly. Tobias J.
Carroll. Catherine McNaJIy.
Corbett, Carrie A. Madden. Mary E.
Emmet, Arr.ie M. Marty. Fritz
Kr.gwicht. Theresa E. Quirk. Hanorah
Fisher. Elizabeth Schmidt, Mrs. Jeunle
FitzceraiJ. Rose Slocuna, Lot D.
Fowler, William E. Smith. William H-
Krarke. Henr>' Irtierlin. Conrad C.
Oagc^n. Marie F. Sullivan, John F.
Gar Yun l/ry. David
Own*.- i infant) Wetjen. Egert C. j
| ARGALL- In this city. July ;3. 1300, at hla j
j r-?5:der.ce. CS Golden Gate avenue, John, be- |
; lcred husband of Elizabeth Argall, a native
' of England. «Lce<i 7i yfurs.
C^»i<»n<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
i Friday >, at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
HaJL corner Seventh and Market streets. In- j
j torment Masonic Cemetery.
J ASilfS— In.this city. July C«. 1*00. at his rest- !
; d«nce. 138S Turk etreet. John A;mus. beloved '
I father oi Mrs. Henrietta Becker, Mrs. Ame- j
lia B<?.-k«- ar;d S^jphie Asmus, a native of j
V.'ar.Jsbcrk. Harntur?, Germany, a^ed 75 !
i year* S aor.ths and ;5 days.
j BEAN— In this city. July 25. 1VO. ¦William Le- j
| roy. belo'.e-i *on of Thomas J. and Evelyn L.
Bean, ar.d brother of Rath and Dorothy £>ean, j
i a native at s-an Francisco, aged i years s |
! months' "and Zv days.
t?"F'ri''iids and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the fur.era! this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, fn.'m the residence i
j of his parents, 325 Tenth stn^et. between Fol- {
i torn ar.d Harrison. Interment Odd Fellows' j
i Cemetery.
I BLASDEL— In East Oakland. July IM, 15C0. i
I Henry G., beloved husband of Sarah J. Bias- !
I del. a native of Indiana, aged 7i years 6 ;
j month* ar.d ¦- days.
C7"Fnen.Js and acquaintar.ces are respect- !
| fully inviteU to attend the funeral services j
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his laf; ;
re.;id«>nce. Twenty-fourth avenue acd East
Twenty-sixth street. 'East Oakland. Inter- j
rnent Mountain View Cemetery.
CAItROLL— In this city. July Z5, 1K0. Cather- |
ine. teloved wife of the late Richard Carroll, i
i and mother of William Ctrrol!, Mrs. J. W. j
! Jones. Mrs. R. Harris and Mrs. J. C. Lynch,
' a native cf Manche5ter. England, aged- 54 |
i year? and 2Z days.
E7Frfeodi ar.i accjuaintances are respect- 1
fuilr invited to attend the funeral this day i
«Friday). at S*:20 o'clock. Croco her late resi- !
| dence. STJ Shipley street, between Fiflh and
: Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
j services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦: CORBETT-In this city, July 24. 1900. Carrie
¦ A.. b*l:?ved wife o* Harry E. Corbett. mother
i ef Hazel Crrbett. and daughter of Mrs. Ar-
i d»!:a Metcalf. a native cf Massachusetts.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
< Friday), at 10:50 o'clock, from the family
residence. T*j Hayes street.' Intermei>t pri-
vate. Please emit Rowers.
I EMMEL— In this city. July 25. 1SO0. Anale M.
Etnmel, beloved daughter of the late Conrad
ar.d Annie M. ErameL and sister of Mrs.
Llllie Van Diveer and Mrs. Amelia Burke, a
native cf San Francisco, aged 14 years and 4
months.
r^rFn»nds ar.i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. MPtzlfr. 6C€ Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemet^ry.
ENGWICHT— In this city, Th»r"sa Elisabeth. \
Intar.t daughter of John and Katie Kngwlcht.
FISHER— In Oakland. July 25. IM0. Elizabeth
Fisher, mother of Mrs. W. W. Mcrisen. A. !
D Fisher ar.d Mrs. F. H. Whalley, a native*
i cr Scotland, agtjd S3 years 4 months and 7 ;
i days. tt=t. Peter. Minn., aad Steubenville,
; Ohio, parers please copy.)
C7Fr!»nJs and acquaintances are respect- |
i fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the resi- )
'¦ d.^nce of her daughter, Mrs. W. W. Mori-
! son. 1714 Nlr.th street. West Oakland. Inter-
; m*>r.t Mountain View Cemetery.
' FiTZGE:RALD— Entered into rest, Jn this city,
'• July U, ISM Rose, dearly beloved dauchter
i cf Patrick and Ij!zi!? Fitzgerald, and loving
I f'.^ter of John. George. Katy, 'Lizzie. Mary
; ar.i Alfred Fitzgerald, a native of California,
1 e.fr*"d ZZ vear» 3 months and 26 days.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully [BTlted to attend tfce funeral this day
.Fri'dny*. Jrotn her late residence. 23UVi Mis-
Flon street. Zhence to St. Charles Church.
Kisfcte«mth tad Sbotwell streets, where a j
na«s will be celebrated for the repose of her
R-iil. coirrf.er.cir.g at 9 o'clock. Interment
Hair Cross Cemetery.
i ITi\VLER-In this city. July 23. 1*30. ¦William
K.iwar-i. beloved husband cf Margaret Fow-
>r. a r.ative of London, England, ased 44
! jmra. ¦ - ' ¦
rXFrfend* and acquaintances are respect- )
faily Invite*, to attend t!;e fun»»ral this day j
2115 Powell Ftreet. "betwefn Francisco ami !
O.'stnut. Isterment Cypreat I^awn Cemetery.
FKANKE-In Booth Kan Francisco, July 24, j
190ft, at hi" rosidonce. 1310 Seventeenth avenue I
south. Her.ry Frank*, dearly beloved hus- i
bar.d of Hunr.ah I^rank*. and brother of Mrs. j '
A. Stolz ard George Franke of Oakland, a j
r.ative of HersicUe, Westphalia, Germany,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
if uccesscrs to Flanr^can & Galiasher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
FCNEKAL DIP.ECTDRS AND EMBALMERS. <
» Filth tt.. cppcs'.te Llncolh ccico!, •
Telephone South SO. j ]
~ ____~2_~* ' 'h
I/r\cM\/OV «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
IS? Market st.. between sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF AXT 1
ORGANIZATION . having a presiding , officer
and secretary the charge fcr cremation, a cop- '
per receptacle fcr the ashes and crcaa services
la {30. The same for members of the family. :
GEORGE K. FLETCHER. Scperlntendent.
39Bk_-^ -i ',mm i g.M i n ii i ¦ i i^J J
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« v steamers leave Broadway
Thar*. San Franctsco:
v?4s»«_ For A\a.</.3.Ti rorts— 11 a. =..
|f3y?gfcv July 21, Auenst 4. CT.ar.e* to
\i&?5&T9H. company's steamer- a: ¦-**«>¦
RkSSnyS For Victoria. Vancouver • B.
BJ"A52n \ft? C ) Port Tcwnsead. Seattle,
0i3sCi>««!5sl faccma. Kverett. Ancc::«s
r"^*«^*%S an.'. New Wha'xpn ("Wash.V-
*¦ n a. m.. Ju!y 33, Aurast 4. and
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska ana G. N. R'y: »t Tacoma to >.. P.
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Bay-! p. m., July !7.
Aurust 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cnii Monterey. S«n Simeon. Cam-
cos Port Harford (San Lu'.s Ob!spo>. Ga\-1ota.
Sarita Barfcara. Ventura, Huer.eme. ?an Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro 'Los Anjfeles) and Newport— 3
a, rn.. July :>5. 3u, August 3. aad every fourtfl
day thereafter.
For San Dieg-o. sterrtnir only at Port Har-
ford (San Lois Obisjio). Santa Barbara. Pert
Lrs Angeles and Redondo <L.cs Angeles)— 11 a.
m., July r?. Aurust I. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jos» del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guayiaas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
Fcr further Information obtain company* ¦
folders.
The company reserves th« rirht to char;**
steamers, sailing dates and hoars of sallies
TICRFT OFFICE- i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALLs PERKIXS & CO., Gen. Aststt,
13 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & i CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAJIER3 TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class inc»u<Slng Bzrii
IHIIL S3 Second Clas* ana ««3l»
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Auirust 1
COLUMBIA sails July !T. Acsrust i
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In tne Northwest.
Throush tickets to all points East.
E. d WARD. General Agect.
Q0 Market st.
GOODALI* PERKIX3 »c CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. CCR-
ner Fir^t and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HOXGKON'G. calllnx at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and th»rirtil. and
connectins at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. Xo cargo received on board ca day
of 'sailing-.
SS AMERICA MARf... .Friday. Aurast S. 1?%
SS. HONGKOXG MARU
Wednesday. August J!. 1900
S^. XIPPOX MARC
Saturday. September 13. 1S00
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's efflce,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Asent.
AMERICAN LINE.
IXW TOM. 8CTTT3AMPT0S. L0SB08. PlTOt
Etopplni' at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
>^ ew Tork August S St. Louis August n
St. Paul August 13 Xew Tork.... August 2>
RED STA^ LJNi.
»- - ev<i Ve'l( or^d Antwfe-^.
Frcm Xew Tnrk Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland .August l'Arajronia — August 13
Kensington ..August 8 iXtwrdland ... August 22 |
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
COMPAGSIB 6E5SRALE TBASSATLlirnQtn.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3
Sailing ererj- Thursday. Instead of <2FJtTH
Saturday from November 2. 1S35. at
10 a. m., from Pier 1 42. Xorth River, foot of
Morton street: LA TOt'RAIXE. August 2:
L'AQUITAINE. AupiSt ?: LA BRETAGNE.
August IS; LA LORRAINE. August 23. First '
Ci5^« to Havre, JSC 50 and upward. Second class :
to Havre. $53 and unward; 5 per cent reduction
on rcund trin. GENERAL AGEXCT FOR
UNITED STATES AXD CANADA. J! Broad-
way <Kudson Building 1 ). New Tork. J. F.
FL'GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Franel.«co.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOtn.C. APIA
AUCKLAND A>I> SYI»'EY.
SS. ALAMEDA <rla Horolulu). to Xev
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. 5. S p. rn. i
S. S. AUSTRALIA* Honolulu cn!y>
\Todr.es.1ay, August 22. 2 p. tn. \
I 0. SP8ECK ELS k BROS. CO/. *3ts.. -14 Mont^asien
Fisr 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Oflce. 327 Market SI
KOSMOS LINE IP 1 S
• ABYDOS 4X0 tcr.«
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanis. 45C tons. Bills about Acffust 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight oflc?.
3^7 Marfcet at.. San Francisco.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
npoflnirsriiA^^
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Toes.. Wed.. Thnr*. and Sat. at »:«
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. lex-Thurs. nlsfct): Prl-
daya. 1 p. m. and *:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier Xo. 2. Telephans Main 1SC1
FARE ¦-•• 5.V.
BAILKOAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ScusclKo F«rry.
Conmetidrs April 23. Mtt.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
A.\D SAN RAFAEL. . - .
¦WEEK DATS— T:W. •»:». S:30. U:6» a. aa.:
12:43. U:«. 1:15. 4:15. *»:l». MS. 1:44 pi ra.
EXTP.A TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, cn Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:09 and 11:23 p. ta.
SUNDAYS- 7:00. «S:O». •»:•*. •1&-.W. ll:0O. UJ»
». m.; 11.45. •!:». 2:». *J:4J. »:«. «:», J^»
p. CT.
11:00 a. rn. does sot run to Saa Rafael 3x»-
Aasra.
Trains marked <•) ron to San Qaentln. I -
FHOK SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— 5:15. »«:M. T:». $:40. »ia:15 a.
m.; 12:». 1:15. 1:15. *J:30. «:». 5:» p. m.
ETXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
ar.d Saturdays at »«:45 ard 10:20 pu tsx.
SUNDAYS- 6:15. *S:SO. •»:*>. -'11 :«• a. m-: »!2.-««
tn.; l:C0. 1.1S. *3:S0. 4:M. •»:«. «:4S. 7:30t,l»::»
p. is.
Trains marked (•> itart frora San Qaeatla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5^3. «:4i. S:00. 1:55. 19:13 «_
m.: 1I:S3. 1:45. 1:43. 1:30. «:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weds-sJays
and SaturtSajs at T:!0 and 19:M p. n.
SUNDATS-*:J3. S:05. »:CS, 11:10 a. m.: U:ii
l.M. 2:30. S:45. 4:53. «:15. 7:0S. 10:» p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week (iijs — Caxadero and! way sta-
tloni.
J:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Caradero aad way ita-
tlona. »- -
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays «x rented) —
Foint Reyes and way stations.
I:W a. ta. Sundays— Caiadero and way sta-
tions.
-13:45 p., m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad- way
stations./
ETFYierri* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
July 2>, lttO. at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 12 Freelon street, thence to St
Rose's Church for services at 10:45 tf clock,
interment Holy Cress Cemetery. The jr.»rn-
b«?rs of the Longshore Lumbermen's Protec-
tive Association are requested to attend the
funeral cf their late brother.
TRY— In Pan Leandro, -July 3, 1900, David be-
loved husband of the late Fannie Urv, and
beloved and devoted father of Sol H.." Felix
L^'.ix. Aarcn, Sarah, Joseph and Isaac b'
1/ry. Mrs. W. J. Wallace of San Francisco
an i Mrs. M. Courant of Oakland, a native of
Lorsin. aged 72 years and 10 months.
CTFuneral this day < Friday), at 11 o'clock
from his late residence. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.'
WETJEX— At Kents station. Marln County
Cal.. Egert Cord, beloved son of Cord H and
I-izzette Wetjen. and brother of Cordie Kate
and Lizzie Wetjen. a native of San Francisco
aged 9 years S months and 3 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:10 o'clock, from the family
residence. 2224 Twenty-first street, near Mis-
sion. Interment Mountain View Cemetery
Oakland. by 11 o'clock creek feat.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow tSatunlay). at 9 o'clock, at the
family residence in Mountain View. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
SCLLIVAX— In this city. July 21. 1*00 John F
beloved husband of the late Mary Sullivan,
father of the late John F. PuUivad and
brutlt<r-ir.-law of Miss Anne Gilmartin a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland.
E7"The remains will be removed from the
vaults of the Laurel Hill Cemetery, where
they now li?, and interred In that cemetery
at Kriw o'clock to-day (Friday).- - - •
STIERLIX— In Mountain View. Cal., July TS.
liw. Conrad C, beloved husband of Clara
s-tierlin, a native of Switzerland, aged ~2
years 4 ninths and 7 days.
C7"The services' will take place this day
(Friday*, at 11 o'clock, at the family rest-
dene-?, 921 Gutter street. Interment private.
SMITH— In this city, June 27. 1900. William H.
Smith, formerly of Melbourne, Australia, aged
65 5'ears.
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at S:JQ o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Colma. San Mateo County, thence to
St. Ann's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTY— In this city, July *s. 1900, Fritz Many,
& native of Gennar.y, aged 33 years.
CTRemahi? at the parlors of H. F. Euhr <fc
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh ajjd
Eighth.
QT'irtK— In this city, "July >>, 1900, Hanofah
Quirk, beloved mother of James Quirk and- the
late Michael and John Quirk, and sister or
the late Michael and John Spellman, a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged S2 years.
CXN'otice of funeral hereafter.
SCHMIDT-At BouMin Island. July 14, 1300.
Mrs. Jennie Schmidt, beloved wife of th» late
Christian Schmidt, and sister of Mrs. Dora
Esgerllng. Mr*. Charlotte Warnke. Mrs. So-
phia Mnhrmann. Mrs. Gretchen Woebcke and
Claus Kock. a native of Bremervoerde. Han-
over. Germany. ag»d 45 years 4 months and
K days. (Brooklyn, N. Y.. papers please copy.)
CTTrier.ds and acquaintances are tespect-
fully invite! to atien.d the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 4 o'clock, at the
I-arlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Remains
will be forwardrd to Brocklyn, N. Y., for In-
terrnent. Please omit Cowers.
SLOCL'M— Suddenly, in Colusa, Cat.. July 24
13Oj. Lot D.. husband of Ruth B. Slocum. and
father of Harry B. Slocum. a native of Herk-
irotr County, New York, aged 63 years : 6
months and 2S days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morro-w
(Saturday), at 9:J0 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Conr.or & Co., 7£7.Mlsslon street,
thence to St. Marys Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
McXALLT— In this city. July 26, l?00, beloved
daughter of Mrs. Josephine McNally, and
fister of Frank L. MeN'ally, a native of San
Francisco.
MADDEX— In this city, July 25. 1S00, Mary E..
beloved wife of Michael Madden, mother of
I>Ji.ie'., Johnnie, Margaret and Albert Mad-
den, daughter of Dennis Murphy and the late
Hannah Murphy, and sister of Joseph and
Dennis Murphy, a native of Coima. 6an Ma-
teo County, aged SS years S months *nd 13
days.
PTrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraj to-morrow
<?atur<lay), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors (H Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KELLY— Drowned at Tiburon, July 15, 1900.
Tobias J., son of the late Margaret T. and
Thoma3 W. Kelly, and brother of Thomas W.
Kelly of Sar.ta Crux, J. F. Kelly of Saiinas
and Joseph M. Kelly cf Xapa, a native of San
Francisco.
CTWotice of funeral hereafter.
HONS— In this city. j u ; y ;<. isoo. G. O. Fred,
dearly beloved husband of Meta Hons. father
of Fred C. H. and William J. Hons and Mrs.
ttnma Scheehan. and brother of Mrs. S.
Grohsbauer. Mrs. R. Kreyer and Mrs. E.
Roe*, a native of Ami Dorum. Hanover,
Germany, a*ed 64 years 3 months and 4 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 410 Mississippi street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HURD— In this city. July SS, 1?M, at the resi-
dence of his mother, 430 Eddy street. tt'U-
liam A. C. beloved husband of Minnie Hurd.
son of Mary C Perravrlt. and brother of J.
B., J. P. and George R. Hurd. a native of
Canton, Iowa, aged 29 years and 4 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Ha!!, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be h«Id uiMSer the aus-
pices of Gerrnania Ledge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
Interrrent I. o. O. F. Cemetery.
GAGXON-la Oakland. July 24, 1900. Marie
Frances, beloved wife of Joseph A. Gagncn, a.
native of France, ased 43 years.
C7"FTipniJ« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Saturday), at $:S0 o'clock, from her late resi-
Francis d<? Sal^s" Church, corner Hobart-and
Orcve streets, where a requiem mass will be
c*!»brateU for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing- at 9 o'clock. Interment St. .Mary's
Cemetery. OaJt!an<«.
GAR TUS— In the City and County Hospital,
July 2*. 1900, Gar Yuzi, a native of China,
ai*?(j iz years S months and 6 days.
GrOXER— In the City and Ccunty Hospital.
July £6, l>». infant daughter of Frances Geo-
ner. a native of California, aged S days.
KELMS-July 26. 1909. John E. A. Helms,
dearly beloved husband of Mary G. Helms.
and brotl-er of H. W. Helms of St. Helena,
a native of Germany, aged £0 years and 4
months.
ased 67 years ar.d 1 month. A member of
Germania Lodge No. 115. I. O. O. F.. and the
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. ¦
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
NEVER..
BEFORE
Could vou take a Santa Fe
train clear from San Francisco
to Chicago — now you can go
at 9 even* morning with
Sleepers and Diner — at 4:10
p. m. you can go to Stockton,
and at S p. m. to Fresno and
Bakersfield — Sleepers on this,
too — Learn something about
it at 62S Market Street, or
at our office in the Ferry —
94108
iPacific Mail Company Sued.
Suit was filed yesterday for the United
States In the United States District Court
against the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany by the United States District At
torney to recover $S00 penalty for the es
cape of a Japanese, the deportation of
whom was made mandatory upon the
company. :
In the Divorce Court.
-The hearing of the divorce proceedings
instituted by Edward S. Cobb against his
wife, Kate Maria Cobb, was continued
before Judge Daingerfield yesterday. Mrs.
Cobb was again on the stand and told her
story under which she. prays for a decree
of divorce on' a cross-complaint on the
ground of. cruelty. She will be cross-ex
amined to-day.
Suits for divorce "have been filed by
Mathilde D. . Willrich against Frederick
"Willrich for failure to provide, Carrie P.
Edwards against Fred J. Edwards for de
sertlon and David Machnitsky against
Bessie Machnitsky for desertion.
LUNCHEON GIVEN IN
HONOR OF W. S. CHANCE
Supervising Agent of "United States
Treasury Guest of Union League
Club Members.
A luncheon was given at the Union
League Club at noon yesterday in honor
of W. S. Chance, supervising agent of the
United States Treasury, who arrived in
San Francisco from 'Washington yester
day.
Those present at the luncheon, besides
the guest of honor, were: Senator George
C. Perkins. Colonel John P. Jackson,
Colonel George Stone. John Rothschild,
J..R. Dunn, S. J. Hendy, Paris Kilburn.
George A. Knight, C. M. St. John and E.
W. Maslin.
is so strong that It is expected to make
a clean sweep and return a solid native
Legislature. The members all profess to
be good Americans, but they* say they
are in a position to run their own Gov
ernment now and that they propose to
do so.
"It is commonly believed." continued
Mr. Parker, "that in the first national
election the Democrats will win out
strongly, not because of dissatisfaction
with McKinley, but as a matter of senti
ment. Cleveland was a Democrat and he
ordered the American flag hauled down
at Honolulu, whereof the Democracy is a
highly popular party among the Island
ers."
Those of the Nelll company registering
at the California were Charles A. Parker,
manager; Mr. Neill and -wir&r Miss Dean.
Miss Lamkin, Benjamin Howard and
Frank McVlckers.
Defaulting Collector.
Charles Evans, a dairyman at 12 Hart
ford street, swore to a complaint in' Judge
Cabaniss' • court yesterday for the arrest
of Chester Mahoney. his collector, on the
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Evans said Mahoney had collected over
J12.Vand had spent the money In dissipa
tion. ¦:-.-..-.. ,.: , . ... ,-
Hit in the Abdomen.
Daniel ! McCarthy,' employed In Hansen's
planing mill at Fourth and King streets,
was hit in the abdomen yesterday by a
piece of lumber-that was projected with
considerable force from one . of the ma
chines. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance and is In a crit
ical condition.
NEILL COMPANY HAD
A SUCCESSFUL TRIP
Politics Growing Novel and Exceed
ingly Warm in the
Islands. -
The Neill company and. Charles. A. Par
ker, the manager , thereof, arrived from
Honolulu on the Alameda yesterday after
noon and after a long and , exasperating
delay were ;larided 9:30 at night.
The company played the first engagement
under American rule In the Islands, and
the trip, which was largely experimental
proved : very successful. . This - is shown
by the fact that the organization played
sixteen "nights to houses aggregating $15
000, the receipts for the last night being
$1400. i ¦ "V
"There is considerable politics in the
islands these days,", said Mr. Parker last
evening. "Recently there has been organ
ized a new party which is bitterly opposed
to the missionary; element and. which has
had a remarkable grpwth." Its battle cry
is 'Hawaii for Ilawaiians.'. and the Darty
First Account of Sutro Estate.
The first annual account of Emma L.
Merritt and "W. R. H. Adamson. execu
trix and executor of the estate of the late
Adolph Sutro, was filed yesterday. The
account shows that frorp January 19, 1899,
to February 1, 1900. the'executrix and ex
ecutor have received $297,750 11 and have
expended $25S.95G 45, leaving a balance of
$38,793 C6 ¦ on ¦ hand. The list of bills due
amount to J29S7 52 and the list of indebted
ness on realty mortgages sums up $518,
£69 26. while claims approved amount to
$C5R,749 83. The liabilities of the Sutro
Railroad Company at the time of sale
amounted to $110,619 30, all. of which was
assumed by the Sutter-street Railroad
Company. The account contains an ap
proved demand, subject to the . order of
court, made by Lloyd & "Wood and E. W,
and-J. C. McKlnstry. for $10,000. Many
lawsuits are still pending, and from their
number It is evident that years will elapse
before the estate is ready for final distri
bution. . , :V,;v>.
I THE LATE LOT D. SLOCUM. , I
t (Elite, Photo.) T
ft NORSEMEN .the , State over will
| il mourn the death of Lot D. Slocum,
jj |^ which occurred -Wednesday morn
ing at Colusa, of paralysis of the
heart.
In connection with, fast horseflesh' the
name of the • deceased .was a' household
word in the mouths of Paciflc ; Coast turf
ites. Among, the famous . stock bred by
Lot Slocum are Lot Slocum, with a mark
of 2:17Vi; 'Luella, the brood mare, dam of.
I. de Turk's rpeedy Myrtle, : 2:13%,- who
captured the Paxton stakes so handily
in 1894. Prince Dexter was also bred from
the Slocum string. , ¦ , "
The horseman died in tlje har
ness, so to speak, for it. was while run
ning his horse Teddy the Roan at Colusa
that the grim reaper garnered him In. He
was a horseman by right of birth and
ancestry, Sidney Slocum, his father, hav
ing been one of New York's best known
turfites.
Mr. Slocum was born in- Herkimer, N.
Y., in 1834. He came to California in 1S59,
and for several years was identified with
various business enterprises in this State
and Mexico. In 1S6S the Hxcelsior stables,
on Sutter, between Leavenworth and
Hyde streets, v/ere established under the
firm name of Brown & Slocum. Srnce
1S73. when the senior partner died, the
entire charge of the business has de
volved on Mr. Slocum, who conducted the
management with gratifying success.
The surviving relatives are his,' wife,
Ruth B. Slocum, and a son,- Harry B.
Slocum. v. .
HORSEMEN MOURN
SLOCUM'S DEATH
WasOneof the Best Known
Men on the California
Turf
It was suggested that Judge Cabaniss
should be appointed presiding Judge pro
tem., and that course was adopted. He
at once said that he* would take the Chre-
Judges a transfer of a case had to be
signed by the Judge of the court to which
it was assigned by the presiding Judge,
and his consent had never been asked. lie
had endeavored to see Judge Fritz before
he left, but failed. He did not object to
taking the case, but he had to try the
poolroom cases and others, and his time
was fully taken up for some days at least.
Judge Cabaniss said he had no objec
tion to taking the case, but he was afraid
that the defense might raise the technical
point that he had no authority to hear it.
as it had been legally transferred to
Judge Conlan by the presiding Judge. The
charter did away with all rules that
might have existed before it came into
force, the ma?ristrate said.
THE humiliating spectacle of attor
neys for the prosecution and defense
seeking in vain for a Judge to try
the charge of forgery against John
M. Chretien, the disgraced attorney, was
brought to an end yesterday morning,
when the three Police Judges now sitting
appeared before acting Mayor Tobin in
response to his written request. Chief
Sullivan and District- Attorney Byington
were also present.
The acting Mayor said that the actions
of Chretien had disgraced the bar, and it
was due to the profession and to the pub
lic generally . that there should be a
speedy hearing of the case.
Judge Conlan explained that the case
had not been properly assigned to his
court by Judge Fritz as presiding Judge.
According to a rule in force among the
tien case and the conference ended.
Half an hour later Chretien's case was
called in Judge CabanJss' court. Attorney
Barnes for the defendant moved for a dis
missal, as the six days had elapsed since
his arrest within which the examination
should go on. The defendant had made
every effort to get a hearing, but had
failed.
The District Attorney was In court and
objected to the motion for dismissal. After
further argument it wa3 agreed that a
new complaint would be drawn and the
defendant rechirped on It. A continuance
was granted until this morning, when the
defendant will be arraigned and the ex
amination go en.
POLICE JUDGES BEFORE ACTING MAYOR TOBIN.
»
Tobin announced the death of Mr. Helms
and said a few words of sympathy for the
widow. Supervisor Reed then introduced
resolutions of respecf and condolence,
which ¦were adopted.
On motion of Supervisor Reed. Acting
Mayor Tobin appointed Messrs. Connor,
, rsooin ana need a committee on axrance-
I ments to provide flowers at the funeral
! to convey to the -widow the sympathy of
the board and to provide means for the
members of the board to attend the fune
l™~. , he .£ oa r d then adjourned out of re
s=pect to the deceased member.
JOHN E. A. HELMS, LATE SUPERVISOR.
/*=3 T-PERVISOR JOHN E. A. HELMS
Vi =5N was found dead in his berth yea
£_j) tfrdny morning by one of the por
— t. rs of tht* Oregon oxprtss. the of-
Jici.ii bavins <Med while en route to this
city. Holms wax one of the water inves
tigating committee which has been in
j-i. . ting the Lak*- Tahoe and Yuba River
sysiems. Death was presumably due to
apoplexy.
The committee left Marysville at 2;30
o'clock yesterday morning, ami as the
train was trailing into i;emcla at 7 o'clock
the porter went w IMrns" bvrtn to arouse
bixn Helms' appearance was peculiar ana
the porter toucned nun to awaken him
irom iiis slumbers.
-ir.-r.-.- tsumetnlng the matter with
that man," said the porter. "He is cold
iili over and he must ut dying."
Some one (summoned L>r. Dodge, who
v.a? a numU-r of tixe party, lie pro-
Dounced Helms dead. The uix-tor said the
Bapervlfior must have died suddenly. Ine
condition of the body indicated that he
bad been cpad for at least a. hajf hour.
Helms was In unusually pood spirits
throughout the mountain trip. The 162
miie arive over the Sierras from Truckee
to Marysville was very rough and no
douct liasio-ued his <1>-uih. He walked up
Bcrera! of the heavy granes and this prob
ably exhausted fc'.m- He retired at 11
o'clock uvti'iesdiiy night sifttr telephon
ing from -\!-irvsviili' to his wife that lie
would '"- home the next morning.
The body was taken io the Oakland
Morgue, where, ;<fter Dr. l_H>dsre's testi
mony had been taken, it was turned over
to the undertaker at.';. in to be sect to San
Franci&eo. An Inquest will be finished
to-day.
Helms was born in Germany and was CO
years of age. He cam<> to San Francisco
in 2MM and started a grocery at the
corner of Hyde and O'Farrell streets in
1M77. Later he moved to Stevenson and
Sover.th street?, where he remained for
seventeen years, lie had been at Eigrht
eesth and Howard ssrevts In the same busl
n^? :<;r thirteen years. Holms was one
of the oldest retail grocers In San Fran
cisco, and v.as held In jjreat respect by a
larKi- number of people in all walks of
life.
The dead Supervisor leaves a brother,
H. IT. Helms, in St. Helena, while three
other brothers reside in New York. Th«
deceased was prominent fraternally and
ves past rresident of the Oroeerp' Union.
The interment will probably take place
Sunday, though r.o definite date has yet
been fixed.
The Supervisors held a special meeting
ye.'T. rday afternoon to officially take cog
nizance of the death of Supervisor Helms, j
There were ten members present and Act
lr.g: Mayor Tobin presided. The desk and j
chair formerly occupied by the dead Su- |
pea-visor had bem drhpod in black. Mr.
Felled by a Stroke of Apoplexy on His Return
journey From Tahoe With His Colleagues.
SUPERVISOR HELMS EXPIRES
IN A PULLMAN CAR BERTH
Joseph Peckerman, an employe of Zlck
Abrams' poolroom, was found guilty by a
Jury in Police Judge Conlan's court last
night of selling a pool ticket to Policeman
McNamara. The jury was out nearly six
hours and twice asked for additional In
struction before returning the verdict.
Policeman McNamara was the strongest
witness for the prosecution, but Captain
Wittman and Policeman Carr also testi
fied. They made out a clean case.
After announcing that the defense had
no testimony to offer Attorney Collins, in
behalf of Peckerman, addressed the jury.
He claimed that the prosecution had not
established the case. Inasmuch as It* had
failed to prove whether Abrams, the pro
prietor of the poolrooms, or the defend
ant sold the ticket which was introduced
as evidence. He also attacked the valid
ity of the ordinance prohibiting pool-sell
ing.
Special Prosecutor Joe CofCey reviewed
the evidence at length and asked that a
verdict of guilty be rendered.
The jury was charged at 6:15 o'clock last
evening and was placed in charge of
Bailiff Laws.
From the time the jurymen entered the
room set apart for them it was evident
that they could not agree. After deliberat
ing for some time the jury asked that the
court read the testimony of Policeman
Mclsamara, who arrested the defendant.
Ine Jurors were then brought into court
and after hearing the testimony of the of
ncer they were sent back to the jury
room. J '
At 10:30 o'clock last night the Jury, after
announcing Its failure to reach a verdict,
asked for further instructions as to what
constitutes the sale of a pool ticket and
the exact meaning of the word "sale."
Judge Conlan gave the jurors the legal
definition of the word and ordered them
taken back to the Jury room.
\\ hile they v/ere deliberating on a ver
dict several of the Jurors sat on the win
dow sill, on the McAllister-street side of
the City Hall. A number of men who
were in sympathy with the poolsellers
gathered near by and offered suggestions
to the jury. Chief Sullivan was apprised
of the fact and he detailed Detective Tom
Ryan to watch them. As they became
unusually bold In communicating with the
Jurors, Ryan ordered them to disperse,
which they did.
Lost a Juror.
When the Peckerman Jury was called
yesterday afternoon Attorney Coffey, rep
resenting the prosecution, asked that he
be permitted to question one of the Jurors
as to his qualifications, informating hav
ing been imparted to him since the jury
was sworn which made such a course
necessary. Judge Conlan granted the re
quest, and as a result N. A. Judd of the
Hlcks-Judd Printing Company was
peremptorily challenged, because his firm
had at one time printed tickets for the
pool-sellers, and Judd admitted that he
himself visited the races and purchased
pool tickets. Judge Conlan expressed re
gret that so prominent a citizen had been
humiliated in that manner, but was com
pelled to dismiss the juror. When Attor
ney Collins took an exception to the whole
proceed Ing Conlan remarked he "hoped
!h«,* W ?>! ld Wln - , After *'ard he explained
SdVoVcffii? was lnt <^ed 'or Judd
The police gained an Important advan
tage yesterdav before Judg? Shlw. Judge
Shaw refused to grant an interlocutory
injunction prohibiting the police from
stripping the premises of ¦\Valter D. Val
entine, bucket-shop" operator at 43 Ellis
street, for the purpose of securing evi
dence against him. The court also re
fused to grant a mandatory injunction
compelling the police to return the evi
dence secured on Wednesday night's raid
The preliminary injunction Issued on the
filing of the complaint was dissolved and
in relation to Valentine's establishment
the police were given free rein
The complaint simply sets forth that on
Vi ednesday evening the police, contrary
to law, raided the premises and carried
away the property of the complainant.
After argument by counsel. Judge Shaw
decided that in entering the premises the
police were in search of evidence to be
used In a criminal prosecution, hence he
would not restrain them.
Vacated the "Writ.
On his own motion Judpe Shaw also va
cated the writ of Injunction Issued Wed
nescjny against the i>olice at the instance
or the poolsellers and bookmakers. The
court held that the Injunction heretofore
issued by Judge Murasky was sufficient
for the proceedings in contempt against
Chief Sullivan and Captains Splllane. Sey
mour and Wittman for their entry of
poolrooms in violation of its mandate.
When the contempt proceedings were
called by Judpe Shaw at 10 o'clock Com
missioners Wallace, McNutt and Maho
ney, together with Chief Sullivan and
Captains Splllane, Seymour and "Wittman,
were in court, but the action of Judge
Shaw In vacating the injunction issued by
himself, under which the contempt pro
ceedings were instituted, released them
from further attendance. A new citation
will now issue under the injunction issued
by Judge Murasky, returnable Saturday
morning at 10 o'clock, at which time the
police will explain how they came to ig
nore the injunction.
After Judge Shaw had handed down his
opinion and the police announced their in- j
tention of returning to Valentine's estab
lishment for the purpose of securing- new
evidence, Attorney George Collins, on be
half of his clients, the poolsellers, peti
tioned Chief Sullivan to have photographs
taken of the boards in the "bucket shop"
in place of tearing out the fixtures and
using them as evidence. His plea was
disregarded. Sergeant Tobin and Police
men McQuade and Klssane, acting under
orders of Captain Wittman, entered the
establishment at 43 Ellis street and tore
out boards and tickets. These were load
ed on a truck and taken to the City Hall,
where they will be used as evidence
against the gamblers.
So Far as Poolrooms Are Concerned
Authorities Have Their Hands
Tied, but They Are Raid
ing "Bucket Shops."
PECKERMAN IS
FOUND GUILTY
OF POOLSELLING
A Fight to the Finish Now
Being Waged in the
Police Courts.
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, JK1DAY, »AJLif 27. 1000.
Chretien Case Is Assigned to Cabaniss' Court and
Examination Is Set for This Morning.
POLICE JUDGES BROUGHT TO
TIME BY THE ACTING MAYOR
12
Ladles' tailor-made suits. silk skirts. fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, S26 Sutter. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Clothes
for
boys
We want your trade
and cut prices to get it.
That's the only way
we know besides sell-
ing better, neater
clothes than others.
We do both.
Suits, long trousers, good
weight, serviceable, special
value $6.5o
Double-breasted Suits,
Knee Trousers, good colors,
special value $2.75
Fancy Suits for little ones-
natty, extra value, for age«
3 to a. $l5o
AT THE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS,
RD
oos oros
2J-37 Kearny. St.,
Cor. of Post.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS,
Travelers from every portion cf the
globe show their apDreclatlon of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting Saa
Francisco.
Connected bjr a cover'sd passageway
and operated under j one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
rnnra well-known and reliabt.kom>
J. tyWCUbtClKM Private. Nervous, anil Blood \>iL
2GH Kearny St., HanJ-'ranclWo. Cal.
RRITSHF^™ 1 * BARBERS. BAK-
13X1 UOJllJClO "S. bootblack,. b*{h. ,
houses, billiard tahu.
brewers bookbinders, candy-maker, canned"
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, pap";
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factortei. S'i.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, ?allors. etc!
UUCHANA* BROS^
Brush Manatacturera. 609 Sacramanto St \
CUE ROYALS-Sl-I
5c. Overcoats and
.Valises checked &•*.
* Swim at' the Crystal Baths.
Recommended . by physicians. Water always
clean and warm." Tub department best In cltv.»
7
INCORPORATED,
Corner Kearny St. and Union/Square A ve.
FREET FREE! FREE I
WITH YOUR SCHOOL SUIT.
A Great Help to School=
Going; Children.
AM) IT MULTIPLIES I
That Big Boy
That Goes to School.
He must have clothes.
We have specially priced
some All-Wool Scotches,
neat patterns, good win-
ter weight, cut very nat-
tily, ages 13 to 19 years.
Special.
Want a Vest
With Yours?
Manly little suits, just
lilce papa's; a suit with a
vest, • in handsome new
Fall colorings; suits that
are easily worth $7 to $8.
A school special at
MoneyCan'tBuy
Better Values.
Bnported Scotches, long
staple wool, Ihrtndsome win-
ter colorings; such pretty
patterns; such values have
never before been offered;
ages 4 to 15 years; suits
zvorth $7 to $8. Friday
and Saturday school spe-
cial at
All-wool, heavy winter-
weight Cheviots, double
seats and double knees,
bright new colorings ;
blues also, if you ivfsh;
ages Jf to 15 years; suits
that are worth $3. 95 to $5.
Friday and Saturday
special at
The Boys That
Go to School.
For their mammas and
for them we have pre-
pared
The Greatest Bargains,
The Greatest Specials,
the Bi$ Kearny. street Store
has ever offered.
$3.95 and S5.00 Values for
¦"•"wiiiiSfiSK
iilisij sllllilf
READING ABOUT
tOtE MANUFACTURE all the
bW underwear sold over our
counters, and are in a position
to offer the best values at
popular prices.
I. MAGNIN & CO.,
840 Market Street
, ¦ - Opposite Fourth,
i Manufacturers of Bridal Trous-
seaus and Infants' Outfits.