Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availablethe body he swam to a, rescuing boat and
. turned- over' his- sixth charge, having
made, a record of saving. six lives on the
same day, unassisted and by his own per
sonal effort.
Whatever his mysterious 111 luck in" the
capacity of "hoodoo," life saving seems
to have, been directly in Patterson's line.
He 'wears -a 'medal which was given him
by nn* English humane society for having
saved a, number of lives in a ferry boat
accident on ~ the river Thames, and when
the : Ecclefechan was " dismasted In a
storm* off the California , coast * he hung
on to the rail of the pitching vessel and
caught three out of four men who had
washed overboard, as they washed back
to the deck. Th» fourth . was drowned,
and the crippled vessel began her seven
teen days' run to port with a number of
others missing from the crew.
Patterson also wears a gold watch and
chain which was " presented to him by
Lord 'Charles Beresford. through his offi
cers; In recognition of his services as
chief gunner In the. service of a British
war vessel.
"I was twenty-three years in the ser
vice of the Queen." says Patterson, "an*
most o' the time on gunboats. I was wi*
the guns" In 'the 'Egyptian war, upon the
White' Nile. I was chief gunner for the
famous gunboat Condor, with I-ord Beres
ford In command, and at El Tel and Tel
*¦* jr VET 'a' fc*M>n a hoofloo:" That's
/ \ / 1 what the sailors pay oj Steward
I < I Patterson. Sailors are not gen-
JL erally accredited with being Veil
up on darky ditties, but they
can go the dusky p«--ai>le one better on
superstitions, .^nd in the case of the "hoo
doo" eteward thrlr tsupenstition seems to
have b**en vertned by a most remarkable
SfcS^s of rnifhaps and calamities.
Jt»>ward Patterson is an Innocent-look
ing", portly little Scotchman, and doesn't
look a bit like the eort of person to scat
ter bad luck and disaster wherever he
goes, but that Is what he has been doing
for the past 'steen years, wnenever he
puts out to sea tho ship he goes on catches
flre. springs a leak, gets dismantled in a
Etorm, capslze3 or does some other un
comfortablo thing, and the fact is so
widely known among the sailors that It
!s now almost impossible to get a crew to
ship on a vessel where Patterson Is stew
ard. . .
Just now the hoodoo steward Is recuper
ating at St. Mary's Hospital, while th©
Windsor Park, an English coaling vessel,
and the last that Patterson sailed on, is
unloading a cargo of smoldering coal over
at Sausallto. The Windsor Park arrived
a few days e.rr> with her cargo on fire,
having completed the last eight-days-of
the voyage, with burning coal ion board.
"Wtvput out from Newcastle. Australia,
In good trim.", says the little Scotchman,
"an' we had smooth "saHIn. 1 till eight days
out 'o' port, when the bad Juck turned
Icose and the coa! caught fire. It*. was
pmolderin' dowhin the hold. 1 and the tem
perature In the soundln'j pipes 'kep* raisin'
In a way that set the boys to shakin' and
GflU!n\weak In the pins. We kep' heavin'
the hot coal overboard: as fast as the tup
o' tho cargo ko l hot. arid it wns a case o'
workin' to save tho ship and all on board.
When we got into port the hull crew was
about played out, r.n' if we'd been a day
or po out that'd ' a' been the last of the
Windsor Park and all o' board o' her."
Every man along the water front re
members when the British ship Breblcc'i
cam** into port afire and' was beached at
SausalHo. -It was another cargo of coal,
nnd the fire had started down In the hold.
They supposed that eome water had
leaked through and started It. but what
ever Its origin tho crew had a hard strug
gle to keep the firs in control until they
could get into port When they did get
In the whole ship was on fire, flames
bursting out dVer.the sides and climbing
the masts. The men were exhausted, and
another » hour or so would have ended
everything' with them. As It was the
cargo was a total loss and theBreblock
badly damaged.
Patterson was steward of her.
A year later there was an appalling
wreck on th© Newcastle bar. The vessel
had lost her bearings and 'was tossed
about' all night In a furious storm. Th*
masts . and rigging were gone, and the
uhlp was entirely beyond control. When
dawn came' the. sailors sighted the coast
r.rd jaw the wave's breaking oti the bar.
They gave ui> all hope and prepared to
Inuircli tho lifeboat?, but before ahythlna
could be done the vessel was '-dasher! to
pieces on th<» rocks of the bar. A number
cf the crew were saved, and among them
was the "hoodoo." The -vessel wns the
British -ship Durisdeer. formerly the City
of Lahore.' ¦ •
Patterson was" steward of her. f
'¦] The. Keclefechan, bound -for Liverpool***
came down the Oregon coast /rom Port
land and was caught in a fearful storm
at sen. Her mania -were literally twisted
to pieces and blown away; four men were
washed .overboard and consternation took
possession. When the storm finally
calmed the. crippled hull put Into San
Francisco In distress. :
Patterson^ was steward of her.
The J^lalrrnore had a bad' accident 'off ;
the Mexican coast. She ran in. too close .
to shore and came near being sunk.' Day
light found . the vessel ,, stranded on a
pmooth bar. the worse for wear to tha ex-'
tent of- some nineteen thousand- dollars.
Patterson was steward of her.
Later the Elalrmore capsized In Mission
Bay. * ,
. Patterson wa3 near at hand. -
lie had just left his position as steward
of the Blairmore 'and was on board an-
other vessel in the bay near by when the
accident occurred; If the' little Scotchman
had had anything, to do withi the "hoo
dooing" of that' vessel he worked hard" to]
make recompense. He made his way to
the capsized vessel and rescued four men ¦
in a small boat,' then went back and saved
another, finally crowning his heroism by
diving for the apprentice , boy of the ship, •
and bringing him up by means of the ap
prentice's long curly locks. Burdened with
13 Xeber I wm k»?" bosy at th© rm
I must 'a* satisfied 'em. for I have th«
,rood service Egyptian medal o£ th© Khe
dive Star."
Patterson was on board th© Condor on
the occasion of th« bombardment of Alex
andria, and In description of tha fapaous
event the old Bailor Iapse3 Into his native
vernacular In a way that defies Imitation.
-When th© guns were booming from th©
forts and th© attacking- British vessels
•were held tn check by tha fire, a Uttla
jrunboat shot out from among: th© vessels
ana made a gallant dash, running un
harmed light under the line of farts and
through the fire of tha runs, delivering
now and then a terrific and telllns crash.
each time knocking a goodly portion off
the stone fort Into ruin. It was th© Con
dor, under command of th© fearless Lord
Beresford, and when she wheeled round
and circled back unscathed to th* firing
Jlne ther© was a great applaus© of boom-
In? guns and ships' whistles. Admiral
Eeymour, In command of the attack, •!e
naled from his vessel. "Well don©. Con
dor," and the message of approval ha*
been Identified with Lord Beresford, mrtr
fine©. Recently when h» was visitor-
America an Englishman In th» crowd
yelled out. "Well done. Condor," and the
cry was taken up.
"An* he a good mon, too. "says Pat
terson, who was chief gunner of th© Con
dor, "an* aye had a good word for we*l
done work."
Lord Beresford evldentlyha-1 mor» tUan
good words for his worthy assistants, ft*
witnessed by the gold watch and chain
which the old gunner wears with modest
pr!df». It was given In approval of brave
work dutifully done, and as a souvenir re
calls the eventful day at Alexandria wSsn
ruined forts v.tre topnll^ir. cannons booai
lng. whole squads of men being: killed,
guns being 1 dismounted and magazines In
the earthworks being blown up. With par
donable pride the bid man. who Is now
known oi-.ly as the "hncioo steward," can
look Lack upon his day cf glory, when h»
wes thief gunner of the gallant Condor.
The "hoo«loo" steward Is a pensioner ot
the British Government, and to such a
comfortable extent that h-» doesna ha'
tn work." he says, unless h© so desires*.
But he so desires. "'Once a sailor alwaja
at sea," and Patterson, like all nallor«r,
fee's himself an alien on land. So thus It
Is that the "hoodoo" steward Is keeping a
weather eye open for a chance to ship aj
steward. The chanr-e lr» rather a slim one.
The Windsor Park sailors don't want
him; that last cargo of burning coal set
tled-U with them, and they look askance
whenever he comes n?ar. His uncanny
reputation. In, spite ot hts many braveries,
casts Its shadow before him. and when
ever he applies for n stewardship on
board a vessel the captain looks serious,
and there Is trouhle aboard if the sailors
hear of It. If Patterson ships th© sailors
disappear; for they fear the "hoodoo."
Withal, the hoodooed steward does not
mind It much. It Is not In the way oC
sailors to mind anything much. And h»
has his pension. "If the' canna take ma
o' ship," says he. "I ca' pay my way an*
gae t" Edlnborough. I Jus* ha* my mitner,
an* she Is auld. She lives ba* there."
Just how much there Is in the theory of
"hoodoo" Interference 'with mundan© af
falrs is a matter of opinion. Down on tha
water front the opinion Is very strong:,
and It differs very tittle. Th* "hoodoo"
steward himself thinks It Is rather queer,
and when asked whether he is a hoodoo.
In bis droll Scotch way h« replies:
••It ktana looks tha* w'y."
Jf AN BTXBE3.
THE STORY OF NULAN PATTERSON
the hoodoo SailorYEAST
AS A REMEDY
FOR STY.
Jn? S is w-ell known.' sty, or or^eolet.
jL\ makes Its apppararca In the form of
M X> a hard red pimple, very sensitive
to the toiiiih, wjilch forms on tho
outside edc» of the eyelld-raost frequent
ly the upper eyelid. It generally begins
Tvith a small point of lnduratim. abou:
the clirner.s'crs of a grain of millet, but
on becoming an inflamed tumor, assumes
the cllmenMona of an oat. and Is some
times accompanied by oedema of the eye-
Ud. At the «nd of a few days the tumor
accumulate.-*, becomes white and breaks,
nlscharsrins a small quantity of pus and
a preenlsh cere. Cicatrization usually
takes place rapidly and without leaving:
any trace. £*£ fn
A aty is neither more nor less than a
boll on the cuter edse of t&e eyelid. It
Is the result cf Inflammation of th* glands
that surround the eyelashes. Is Is of no
gravity- in Itself, but" in tho case of some
persona it returns with such tenacity that
U becomes a real infirmity. With persons
of this class, therefore, preventive treat
ment requires to be conducted wtth e*vV
treme care. As soon as the sty appears an
attempt may be made to stop it at t&a
outset by a slight cauterization with nit
rate of silver, or else with a pencil dipped
In tincture of Iodine. When it has reached
the ful! period of Inflammation the treat
ment should txs limited to lho application
of a few poultices of starch cr of con
jiresses dipped in n slightly antl» t .pt'ic
liquid. If the pus dees net <iiseharse it
shnuld he made to dlschar S e by means or
a Might incision.
The favorable results that have been ob
tained in the treatment of boils by tak
ing yeast have suggested to M. Terson
of Pan» the idea uf resorting to thta
treatment for persistent orgeolet In
fact. In several cases in which this affec
tion of tho eyes recuvred Indefinitely th«
patients Tour.d very good results from tho
use of yeast. As seen as the point on the
eyelid made Its appearance and becan t ¦•>
Le painful, indicating the advent of a stv
an administration of dry yeast In doaes
of four grammes fifty centigrammes to
nine grammes per day, in capsules be
fore each meal. * frequently sufficed to
brine. about a complete reduction and dis
appearance of the inflammation and swell
ing. When they did not succeed in arrest
ing the sty there was at least a ranJd
calmins of the painful phenomena. A Uy
belli? nothing but a boil. U is only natural
that it should. be. beneficially affected by
the well established curative action or
yeast from beer on boils. The only tMnz
was -to think of it.
THE most charming little ring and
Interesting little curio in the wcrl'l
Is the property of Mr. Temple of
London, Th!s gentleman Is a
nephew cf the celebrated Sir Richard
Temple, and the. ring In question Is a
highly prized old fan-.ily heirloom. Jv» his
tory is pathetic ar.d romantic in the ex
trem".
Ir.sl<ie of-thls tiny circle of gold are the
vorks of a perfect little music box. You
touch a spring and hold the ring quite
close to your rar. Then you hear thf
B«T<tf*t, weirdest, tiniest little tune,
which teems like a voice from spirit land.
This rlr.g tvas once in the pospf-sHon of
cir.e r>f Mr. Tornr-lc'B n.::rr -^tors. who lived
In France. II? v.as a Etanch royalist. an<l
In the dnys «f lho Revolution h*> valiantly
«>Fpriused the cause cf the unfortunate
Louis and his lovly, doomed Queen. Ma
|-5e Ar.to«ne:to. He was arrested and
thrown Into Jail, v.herc he . Unbred for
<Jsys and ireeka.
One of hisfow pUaiortJI In the gloomy
to'itudo of 1j!e fnatry dungeon was to lis
ten to the voice or tune of the little musi
cal ring, which he always wore on the
third firs'r of his loft hard. He had in
herited it from his ¦who had!
It rr.anufacturfd in Genoa at prcat cost.
One day sullen faced mm. h«avj!y arm
ed, cjraf to lr> darlt dungeon and to!d
him Jie m-.:st follow them. !!•> knew ibat
ih'.s ratr.nt the, uullloUne. J{<? Ktepped
5>ravc!y cut lo moot his fate. <3cU'nr>fnc<i
to <lle liko an Eligllnh gfiuleman and. a
brave man. Ar.d be did.
A Ftracze farcy took po^-^sslon of him
Siist before th»-y l«>d him to the block. lie
to'-ched ih<» FpHr.g cr l-.J? little ring and
lovlns'.y held it to his car. It sans lja
little fjrr merrily ond brisk'y.
Then the signal c.iri«. lie laid his head
on :he gv.i!lr,tin« which a few hours before
l:nd known the l»re blood cf a Queen.
In the rotmse rf tim» the little ring
four.d its xrii b=cU into the Temple fam
ily, but it wr.? pilrr.t. Its present owtier
took it to a Ix!.-.don Jeweler, who found
In tho m-uftcal rn*>chanism a cict of blood
that for years had lain there and Impeded
the working of the machinery. This was
removed, and lhe little ring sins* again
the tame little tune that beguiled the
isany tad hours yf its furmer owner."
A MOST
REMARKABLE
RING.
¦ .
THE SUNDAY. CALL.
10
Fashion's Head Sear THE LINEN HAT Have You One of Them ?
PRETTY
EFFECTS
FOR THE
PARLOR.
WHERE
THEY
WORSHIP
WELLS.
|JN every parlor, ther--- my*r be a cente
J of Interest to Wbf'ch the way is cleat
d AH :fire-iovera make ;ho hearth th
i pnint toward which all tbc interests o
a room converse. Sofas ijre drawn up I-;
It, rhalrs arranged near it, Use best p;c
,- lur? pincod over it
The qurstlca of lights Is carefully stud
led, and -wherever a comlortabic chair 01
sofa Is piaccd, some provision for a lami
jr a_ lipht from the, window is corsiiler^d
The RroupinE if chairs. table*, ami sofa,
'is .inotjur pclr.t not to ><«- neplee'.'.-d. s<
thnt tl!lf«;rent .«c(«; of Int^jrcsl may lie pro
v5de<l fcr Vlshcut Interfetiiiir With om
another-- that im'o may sit by the piany
Iir insranc**. find others have ;\ tetfc-a-teu
»ornewlicrc c! 1 ??. .
When one has no plcturpo a flowprejj
rar<T on h parlo* wall is effecttVe^ Some
times relief is l«iit by a dado of vejours
JT jute runr.inc tc a i'.pfglu <>f son>5 tour
ffe! and : finished by a narrow braid tf
match th" body rolor] nnileU «ia kha wa!l
wiili ir.vi.siMc tacks. The furniture ::i
thisi casp should be covered to mati-h tho
. dado, w that all the lower jart of ' tht
rnom !s left !n one tono. Hrass sconces
and mirrors .-rions should be huiig.cn tho
walls.
Yellow on the walls fr've? 1 brlghtnes.
tr.ii rhcerftilncas and "st::netimi"H a. sens'?
of Uplifting, but one cannot get cozine**
.with it. Much white is permissible with
>-el!ow. Relieved with a note of crimson,
us when a re«T curtain is hune/at a dooi
or a rpu cushion makes itself felt, a ye 1 
low And white parlor becomes individual
and charming.
If one bo still f<?e!ii:jr a way toward
rnaki:^ a parlor l.eautlful. It is best to
avoid altopothor tho purchase of "orna
rQGi:ts." Iiric-n-brac rm>a»s >>ometh!nK a
ttle (!ifTor<»nt. MJigKesting Whims an-1 fad.
nt .I tht! pickmg up of pretty or interest
lnc • xamples here and there. . But* what
I ruo.-in by "rrr.am(nts" are/for instance,
"the two vas*s ono luvs to piace on tho
ir;antrl because vc?e~ are suppo«eci' to he
nfrev?ary. If one ha? two whieh are in
ttrestlrc in theinseives. w^-ii and ?rQLd,
but never two vnsfs for the take o*
vhfc?. If thp .vMinc housckcerer can. d 1
nothing el^e. she can at len?i do without.
If she murt buy", let hrr. until she is quite
certain, only buy va.ses that will holj
Towerf. They come in e!uss and pottery.
She -will always 1" safe with these. Or
lrt her buy candlesticks and keep ;hen»
tilled.
They at lens; •suireest a purpose.
candlesticks nrd vasfs filled with
flowers the simplest, most barren apart
ment may b<; made lieauilful. and
body's taste ever shocked. Xothlngr In. the
way of a general rule for addins
"touches" to a parlor i? more important
than this one. Adirondack canipn'. sea
sidp cottages and summer homes in the
mountains are made enchantinR retreats
by no other expenditure of force and
moi:ey. the walls of course having b*>en
first arrar.Rrcl. The walls everywhere
must be attended to first.— Harper's Ua
tkr.
(/^TpiHE linen hat Is here a^alr. .The ad
¦K * vent of the outinp girl Is the hat'
n li first symptom, arid' It follows clos
+c . -... Jri.her wake. Since they/met som
seasons ago they have been insepar
able. \
A _I">uck,. pique and canvas are flriancia
variations. ¦¦; As you please, cr as you
A purse pleases. The arguments are th
/same. .Xo "other hat can. be stuffed lnt<
? any odd trunk cc.rner without n. protos
/"when the trunk ro;u'he» the. point of un
fc tocknfcllfty. X<j -other hat is so cool am
) flight and restful with the thcrmoniete
No other hat has New, York <le
,>l rvc«"j so swasKT till* year, and that !(
('at onre the most arbitrary ;ind;ihe mos
*<onvinclNK reason' rf all. ..
i} 'fp«rlt<K-rtr:i|, eVtivas hats that boll
j*.*sVa and women of ''.'<'< wore ma!:y ar
/.Improvement lias been muutv Those wen
'/'tcu.Xfy. hi Mimlily. nondescript and- unbo
?¦crniinR in shi'pe. The girl who wore one
/oi them had t>i fijerht against wearlnjjfJtW
*-..:.-:; of tho, liowery besiue*£ Hut this sea.?
>onV liners— they arc a» different matter,
f Thoy can be . fur.nrl in n!) rcrts of be-
A\vit«-Iii:ipr >?hapi'«. Tho mu?t_r£ thorn have
brims, thut bond any v.iiy you like
Vitid htj;h crowns' ; m«int to be folded m
in." Kor aridities th*>ro are :thf
xTmnsviMi!. • ji>m! . ?be I^ndy.=.mith— r.jtmd-
C downed 'affalri, whose difference lios in
bend of. n ¦ brtni. Turn it up behind
/iinij . yifii lia'vo the ' Transvaal:. leave- it
Klowii all around, and you have the"Lady
/.-jniih.' ¦ ,. .;'•
i~ The rwcllpst of 'these hats v.rc in n
*blulsiiRray linen or a licht shnut of tan.
f.Thr=e colors soil less easily than w'hite.
it i.= easy enough to rip-in the
j.hn|s in any case.',"," Gasoline is. the o!d
Jstandby »ud a ( "faithful one. Bu.t. for
.pity's s;jkp. .jiirls. hans any',* Kaioline
ylonnccl article put of -doors an hour be
'fors you Jire rpafly. to. wear It.' .' |
t TheFe hats are stitched, brim r.nd crown
'alike, with many ..rotvs at criss-crossed
j"*s'tl;c:hlr.j?r thai add u neat little design
/to ' the beauty of the linen and Rive
h/'body" to it. .
) If a hat Is tho woman's crowning
beauty, "¦so a band is the hat's. Gorgeous
.spluiR-es the bands are this year. They are
'vhristened, with •heat benlsn Kast Indian
'names which 'don't much matter. >Their
'Kast Indian splendor, however, is a thin?
;not to be forgotten. AM the colors known
¦ tu the eye and the dye miiiRle and are
-not afraid. There la a breezy look to thp
)*triped ar.il piaided and fipure'J scarfs.
-They cas-t the primness of stiff band uno
/bow to the four wh\ds. andVyet there is
.nothing unpleasantly rak'sh about them
)lt is & good idea to have several of the.-H
.bands l*i. crtlor to escape rnonotoriy—be
)s!des_, one may le the victim of salt water
,or a dozrn kinds of accident. If. you havv
inct a knack of- folding them yourself you
cr.n buy thorn all ready. If y6ti are your
"cwn milliner, remember that careiessnr-.-rf
'is tho keynote of their chann.'^
• -For a tan linen hat, a 'suiarr scarf n
)brown and white ¦ striped silk . is to b»
.four.cl. Hlaek nnd while, too, always, set*
\ofTtanto gocci ad vantage. Hlue and tan
are a non-committal combination ' th^t
"ncjither quarrel between 'fhernseSves nor
sycriyjithlze.s The m»'ny color»'il scarfs, jn
-which, red usually prodnminMtrfi. ' are . nil
in good relief- on tan. "but they snow ; c
¦iinartpsr. ftct\ant«iKe on the biuish-Kra.\
Ulnen. The pugaree scarf Is still In good
form, but the Ramchumia is never.
, After alUthis, If you still hold to your
felt or straw, you can have lhfm« .Whii-^
is th« correct thlnp -in felt; o rollincr
brlmmert. crown-crcaypil whllc : felt, very
mannish in cut: not far removed from a
(Irrby, save for lack of PtllTness. Its edgo
•s \ir.bound. It Is severely girt by a flai
or folded .white band that is'as stiffly im
maculate as^th'e hat Haelf.
Tan felts oomo In She. same design aii'V
ma llnlshwJ ''with the »<arae white bandn.
Their cl«-anlinpys is a bit more - lasting. '
but they are rever so smart.
The old straw s,allor is always with . 13. '
It romps in a rough straw these daysai-d !
is worn well tilted over the eyes. Its tfand <
Is of silk or velvet, Its color what you 5
please— unbleached straw color is prefer- (
able. Therols a- theory abroad amove-'
women that any ofl\them can wear a (
•oilor. The theory Is awaiting explosion.'
Why the girl with a bronrf face'shpuld In-(
slst in broadening It under a sailor Is ytt)
to be told. Also, why the girl with lrre;r-(
ui.tr features seeics to emphasize Uiclr "r-j
reRUTarlty by its severe tines. ';' '* - : /
Verilj^ fiome', sailor-hatted ; summ^rj
maidens may well seek refuge . In (hi;
softer shapes of the lln'en "outing. . (
A *7M^ T !e ? st a dozen wells in various
/ /Z_\ .pn.rts of .Scotland arc. worshiped
*lf~~ $ by th? r r a«nnt!». The cure of chll
0 dren If a special virtue of. mnny of.
J-thrpp veils. Anxious mothers make long
-)journcys to some' Well" of fame, bathe the.
< little Invalid In Us waters, drop an ofter
tfnp into them , and' attach a^blt of th«
fchti&Ji rtrrs^to abiah or a tree growing
5"tjy tlie s'ko rf the well.. *
A -Fin's and nails ami bits of ra; may. cori-
jrttontly le ?ce.n in nil parts nf the High
lands at these .hnllownri spr!r»Ks._ In Kng-
Hand/ too. this custom Is not ytiknown.
) Thrre if a rasr well near Newcastle, so
l^alle'd'frprn the, numbejj of shreds of cloth-'
;irK that adorn tha Dushes at Its side.
j. On Holy , Thursday the rnnlderis of Corn
)v,all visit St. Roche's well .and thro^
l_crooked pl»s or pebbles into the water and
}by the" bubbles that rise to the surface
fp'eels to oseertnln /whether their sweet
i|t!carts will be true or -raise. "
1 At. "wishing/wells" !t .j ou follow- tn»
¦jpryscrlljfdVourre any wish- you make will*
1'p ful filled tlurlnjr the twelvemonth. If the'^
[rffiinry rf ,:he rttr be not frustrated by-.
'the Incredulity of the suppliant. In order
"to attain the desired end the votary muit
'kneel "on a hare stone b*Fldo the well,"
•plunge to, the wrist each ;hand in water,
) thinking earnestly all the while of tho
¦wish. Uppn withdrawing the hands a*
Imuch water as can be held in the hands
.must be swallowed. ,
i Well dressing corresponds with tne*an
cient Roman Fontnalia, or : annual flower •
festival of the spirit* of tho streams and
'fountains. Derbyshire, with. the adjacent ¦
"counties, Js the home, of well dressing and
>June 24 the date of the festivity.
. Elaborate preparations are made tor Iti
[approach. Flowers are arranged in pat-
terns tn form mottoes* and texts of SJcf1r>;
"?ure* and also devices, such as crosses.
' rciwri and anchor3> while Rreen bo»jsh3
¦tre added to complete the picture. .-¦•
1 A recent visitor at one of these function*
snys that the name, "well" hardly
'the proper icJco : It is rather a fountain or
cascade which is chosen, the watrr ile-
'scending frani; above and not rfslns. as la
a well. Their height varies from 10 to 13
¦feet ami (he stone frontage Is. on this
¦day. hidden by' a wooden erection in the
Iform of ,m arch, Over this a layer of]
.plasfr of paris Is spread, and v/hlle It Is
iwet flowers without leaves are stuck m It,
.forming a beautiful mosaic pattern
j Showy yellow flowers are perhaps ar
ranged to form a versi- of Scripture or a
,hyrnn. or n-whlte door !a sculptured In tfc*'
plaster and sot In a groundwork of vio
lets. With red and white flowers a diaper
work is formed. Coral berries of th«.
mountain ash are used effectively and ar
ranged in garlands, v.reaths and device*
of every hue. The sparkling water com
pletes the enchantment and makes this
feast of the well-flowrnnR one of the most
'beautiful of all customs. Songs and
hymns are sung. In *omo places clergy
and choir walk slowly around the spot
sirrins "Hock of Ages" or "Laving Stream ¦
so Crystal Clear."THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
SAN FRANCISCOS'S FIRST
AUTHOR'S
CARNIVAL
men. Clay M. Greene and Frank TTnser.
Garbed as the Two Dromios they appear
ed In an abbreviated version of "The
Comedy of Errors." Mrs. Clay Greene
was also in the booth, a beautiful blonde
who enacted roles In several dramas with
ability beyond an amateur. In this
booth" were Mrs. Ferdinand Vassault. Mrs.
Charles North. Mrs. A. L. Mann and Miss
Florence Godley. The last, a tall and
slender blonde of ravishing beauty, was
ranked as one of the most attractive
youns women of the carnival.
Mrs. James Dawins was Joan of Arc,
a striking figure in the "Dream of Fair
Women," in the Tennyson booth.
The French booth was presided over b7
line. Recamier (Mrs. Gros), and in this
booth were the Ponton de Arces, Miss
Kittie Staplps, Miss Dore. Miss Keith.
Miss K'lith Smith. Mrs. James Bowman.
Mrs. Oharle* Klnckley. Mrs. S. Mouser,
Mrs. H. P. Wakclee and Miss Wakelee.
Mrs. W?_kelee was Mary Stuart, in black
velvet. Mrs. Elisha Cook and her sister,
Mrs. George Oulton, were of Mine. Re
camier's salon.
Mrs. L. L. Baker and her sister, Mis3
PERHAPS it weald not be cor.si.J
.: ¦ I rcch a rroat event now. TY>
»r« a nation of bias* people In
¦••:--r. hundred. Evca CallfxT
: : r.f fcn«'tv nhiit s-atiety means.
ix. twentr years a;i the first Authors'-
Carslvx.1 wa^ sprung upon us as u novelty.
3 v snettaics nevr arvl San Francisco
X wp .< exactly, the first Author?" Car
r.;- a! r-ccurred in tht- fall ni eighteen hun
dred and scvcr.iy-nir.c. It was given in
\'-. r - • M MecfaaoicsT Pavilion, and its i lea
- - g from the br'-in cf tliat clover
v. rr.-;.. ;:r.--. M. I', -i. Toiand. tho mother
<-f Huso Tol*ri<]. the popular of t-.-
Czy. Sirs. T-i'ar.il was always ir.:--rested
: . . hr l.^-i ,-n rMjoras herself —
and wben it v.-as proposed to "pivr r wae
¦ - ' to help en various local charities
Eh« .--:rges-ted an Authors' Carnival.
Th- :i»a was Imraedlately seized upon
>v society w^^n and club men. How
perfectly "delightful, they said, to be r»:r
n-.'4tci to Impersonate characters in tic
tlca. And Immediately everybody besan
to -!'~. ' e* •- . " • - " : '¦>' tne art of make
d*.* and— to read bookf.
There- was a tinal dress rehearsal on the
.. ai:e o f the Ca".ir'crni:i Theater, and this
T "" r - . rr bo tha: :t augcred well for tse
yueceedinir fete. The opening night of
the carnival assured its success. That
[?ortion of society which did not take part
in the grand march was there a3 lookers-?
on. The grand march v.as a superb
spectacle— Japs. Chinese. Turks. m»r
maic>. characters from plays, opera?,
novel? and fairy tales, moving alone in
rhythmical succession ' to the strains of
the "Tannhat-'ser" march. Afterward
there were little sideshows in the different
booths, tableaux, concerts, bits fr^m
Shakespeare's plays and sketches from
tJicker.s. On the grand stase living pic
tures were shown at intervals. The or
chestra played gems from the classic
composers and # tncrceaux of favorite
operas.
Tiie first carnival was a pageant which
these who visited it can never forget. It
was a dream of fair women and 'brave
men.
In the Shakespeare booth th<? leading
lights v.ere those gay Bohemian Club
Kittle Stone, were chfc chrysanthemums,
flowers of the Japanese booth.
Mrs. David Bixler was a brilliant
Italian girl. in'Neapolitan costume. Mrs.
George Ladd was an Italian peasant.
In the musical booth was found Emilie
Melville, a favorite comic cpera sinser.
Hiss E'.len Courscn was also in this booth.
A group of charming women— Mrs. Julia
Sarle«=. Mrs. McNally and Miss Ida Clay
ton, three sisters— and Mrs. E. B. Read?,
danced the minuet !n court costumes. Mr.
Iteade was in the same booth.
The pride of the Bret Harte booth wa3
Miss Jennie Burke— now Mrs. George
Palmer Jr. of New York. A vivacious bru
nette, she was every inch the Ideal of the
"Luck of Roaring Camp." Her brother.
Will Burke, was Jack Hamlin. the Ram
bler, light finpered but chivalrous. Miss
Cora Taylor (Mrs. Wallace Eradford) was
a Bret Harte heroine.
It was the Egyptian and Persian
booth?.' however. th3t proved the most
powerful magnets. Both were full of
lovely women and handsome men. Their
relations, in spite of the rivalry, were nev
ertheless very pleasant. At the carnival's
close the booths exchanged compliments.
each booth giving pretty souvenirs to
every member cf the other booth. In th»
Persian booth the Snltan v/a3 Mr. Frank
Stone. In his harem were numbered Miss
Mayer, a beauty of the French colony:
Miss I,orcna Burke. Miss Mary Bromley,
Miss May Brandon, the Shattuck sisters
and Mrs. Josephine Love. Mrs. Holmes
(Addie Mason) appeared In "Paradise and
the Peri." with Charles B. Stone. Mrs.
Gray (now Mrs. W. B. Harrinpton> wrj<
the heroine of "The Veiled Prophet." with
C. M. Gllmore as the hero. Mabel Love,
now. studying grand opera In Paris, and
then a tiny tot, was a dancing girl In
"Lalla Rookh." Allen Palmer Lyon wa3
a Turk. Lieutenant Putnam. IT. s. A..'
afterward lost on the Arctic Icefields with
the ill-fated Jeannette exploration, was a
Persian. He was exceedingly attentive
during the carnival to Miss Brandon, and
his devotion was commented upon by tho
matchmakers.
The honors for the most scantily at
tired yet perfectly proportioned belle of
the carnival fell to Mrs. Sam Mayer, tho
most striking looking woman In the Egyp
tian booth. She wore armor and carried
a lyre.
In the Dickens booth were all cf that
Incomparable" master's celebrated heroes
and heroines. Miss Mamie Demlng waa
David Copperfield. Smyth Clarke ana
.Vncle George Bromley. were tb.a
Cheeryble brother?, as like a? two
peas. Miss Alice Van Winkle was Merry;
Mrs. Blake— Alverson. Cherry, and Mr.
Sturtevant. Mr. Pecksniff. Mr?. Jarley'd
Was Works were a feature of this Ijooth.
Miss Nellie Hopps «Mrs. Chandler How
arJ» was an Ecyptian dancing girl. Mrs.
K. B. Spauldins was a Uresden shepherd
ess. Miss Elizabeth Taylor and her sis
ter Ida were pretty peasants.
The I-itt!e Sisters' Infant Shelter booth
w.is managed by Mrs. Becket. and wa!
chiefly given over to little children. Twc
younp girls. Miss Jennie "Wooster *Mr?
Jim Taylon nr.d Miss Kmily Chalmtr:
were the Two Orphan?. They were ir
feature and fisrure sufficiently alike to b<
twins, and their costumes were of Quakei
crav. with Kate Castjeton bonnets. Sirs
EdjRIz « Kittle Kittridg** Mothei
Uoosc. an<i Mrs. Sam Hall < Daisy Sp^ar,
was another famous character from N'ur
sery Rhymes. Mi^3 Emma Marco was Ir
this booth, also Mi?3 Ada Krz^raber. now
Mis? Frank S. Johnson of San Rafael
H*r sister B«?!le. now Mr?. Gillette. wif<
of the Senator from Humboldt County
vr?.s Little Miss Sluffrt- They were all
prptty children. Mis3 Hilda Hecht i=ad9
a fascinating LIt:!e Old "Wcmas In tha
When the carnival closed tha concl^d
inc nisht was celebrated with a grand
ball. The zrnrvt march was \ed by Gcv
*>rr.f>r Gt-or;e *-'. Perkir.? ar.t Mrs. A. L.
Manr. The crowd was so dense that
tlar.cln? was almost Impossible.
The first Authors" Carnival was ren
dered memorable by "The Authors' Carr.;
val Sketch Book." published by A. Wa!d
«tein. The clever sketches were dratrn
by Robert I-oui3 Stevenson's step
rtaughter. Iaab«el!e OaboTirn**. and were
carefully edited by the artist who after
ward became her husband— Joseph Srror.j.
Few of these sketch books are now in ex
istence.
There wa3 another Authors' Carnival
the following y*»ar. but it was not so suc
ce«5»ful as its predecessor. A th!rd car
nival wa.« ewn l~i«* of a hit. Then caraa
a pap^r carnival and other similar afTairs.
but they all lacked the pr?3tise and con
sen "<>ntiy the power to succecti o£ tha in,-*
imitableiirst.currcd on that ride along tho lonely trail
from Las Vegas to the Katon Mountains
that January night. When Silva returned
to his half dozen marauding followers the
next day he said that he nad finished the
job and there would be no more "squeal
ing in Las Vegas." Two months later,
when the Las Vegas jail was filled with
members of the bandit band and there
were confessions of crime, the body of
Mrs. Silva was dug from a shallow grave
in an arroyo near San Pedro. A dozen
mortal stabs about the chest told tho
etory of her death.
Uoth Chavez and Juan Valpardo, an
other member of the gang, came to an un
timely end in March. 1S97. when the Sher
iffs of San Miguel and Santa Fe counties
caught them in a cood-blooded murder
and pursued them vigorously until they
were tried and hanged.
Thieves always fall out. The Silva gang
soon quarreled In their enforced hiding
place. They were mad at the thought
that while they had no money and were
refugees; other partners in crime had
money and .were living comfortably else
where in ' New Mexico. Several of the
band had safely fled to the republic of
Mexico. The men wJth Silva knew that
he had made thousands of dollars by
their own brigandage. It Is natural that
covetousness possessed them, and plans
were not slow for the murder and rob
bery of the chief himself. Who killed
Silva and where It was done has never
been exactly learned, but Gonzales de
Boca and Guadalupe Caballero each testi
fied that Silva was shot in the head while
he was cooking a meal early In February.
lf.97. and that from his body about $13,000
was taken.
Thenceforward the dissolution of tho
band was rapid. Twenty arrests wer«
made In a few weeks. Four made full
confessions. Silva wa.s dead. The key
stone gone, the arch crumbfed. For thre»
years the cases of the Silva gang have
occupied th*» courts in New Mexico. Three
men have been convicted • and hanged
four were not convicted, three had their
sentences commuted to life imprisonment
and nve are serving in the penitentiary
now. •
And now there comes from Ourango,
Mexico, the news th»t the last of two es
caping members of the Vicente Silva out-
Jaw band has beerj hanged in Durango
for fresh crime. That ends the nnnals of
the most frightful and lawless "orcanlza
tion of men ever known in New Mexico.
gang aftc*- that. SSIva knew that there
were suspicions concerning him in Has
Vegas. He lied on October 26 to a hiding
place among the mountains near Los A!;.
mos. He was indicted for horse and cattle
stealing on November 7. 1896, and became
a refugee from justice. The Governor of
the Territory .and th<; Sheriffs in Northern
Mexico together oCcrcd $5000 for his cap
ture.
Suspecting that his wife and her youth
ful brother. Gabriel Sandoval," were giv
ing information to the Sheriff and secret
organizations of citizens that were then
roused to fever hc:it and were uncovering
the crimes of his band. Silva thought hn
must have th'-m also out of his way. So
he set about planning how. wit!) no suspi
cion of guilt on himself, to kill his wife
and her younger brother. The plans were
finished by January 23, 1£97. and on the
evening of that day Silva and Guadalupe
Cahallero rode stealthily iuto Las Vefaa.'
Two policemen in the town, Jullen Tru>
gelio and Jose Chavez Chavez; who had
been partly In league with the robbers
p.nd murderers from the first, were Bought
out. They agreed to go with Silva to his
own adobe home and stand guard at the
door while SJIva and Caballero went in
side to deliberately stab Mrs. Silva
and her brother to death. Jose
Cbavev Chavez was sent ahead to spy
out the situation at tho Silva home be
fore Silva and Caballero '.vent there.
Chavez came back and reported that Mrs.
Silva had company.
The de^d must be done that night any
how, so the murderous scheme ¦was quick
ly altered. Toung Gabriel Sandoval was
to be lured from his sister's home and
quickly slain. When that was over Silva
was to go home to his wife, as if he had
just come in secret from his refuge in tho
mountains, to force his wife to flee with
him back to the mountains, where her
murder mitrht be accomplished more at
leasure nnd with no witnesses to the
crime. That plan suited Policeman Jose
Chavez Chavez, who did not wi.sh quite
such a wholesale murder as was at first
proposed.
. . So Trugrello was sent to tell Sandoval
Xhat he was wanted bv a sick friend In
finether part of Las Vegas. The young
man responded to the call. Just as he
was hurriedly passinrr alonp a narrow,
clark street lined with one-story arlobe
houses Silva leaped from a dark retreat
and stabbed him. Sandoval uttered a
shriek, and Jose Chavez Chavez, fearing
the noise would arouse the neighbors,
pounded the youth, upon the hend with
a revolver until the skull was fractured
All the pnrty fled but Silva and Caballrr.->.
who clumped the body Into a cesspool near
by. where it was thrown among the filth,
from which it was flug out six months
later.
A'fter washing his hands at Policeman
Chaver n house after ,th«> murder of San
doval. Vicente Silva hastened to his wife.
He protested his devotion to her and told
how he had risked his very life to come
and se<» her afrain. He coaxed her to
leave with him for his hiding place among
the mountains. No one knows what oc-
WITH the official notification
which Governor de Soto of Du
ra ngo, Mexico, has sent Gov
trnor Otero of New Mexico.
that AurellO Miguel Ivucas has
l.een executed in DuranRO for
mtlnier and rapine ends the last chapter
in the story of the most remarkable and
notorious band of outlaws known in the
Bonthwest during this peneration. Old
lime residents of the Southwestern Ter
ritories Bay that among all the many
Bangs of 1 :*ir.<2i«.s and circles of desperate
v.r.d hardened marauoers of the border
they have never known outlaws compar
able with the Vicente Silva band, wh'ch
had its secret headquarters at Las Vegas,
N. M.
It was organized by Vicente Silva as
carefully as one paves the way for a busi
ness corporation. Its sole purpose was
To rob cattle and horse ranches, to break
into Lar.ks in rural communities, to hold
up railroad tra'r.s. r.r.d to do these and
nthcr crimes bo adroitly and under cover
cf secrecy eo well that suspicion would
not rest upon the guilty. Vicente Silva
v.ts several years planning his outlaw
par.c. H"-* had Jived on the border all his
3;?<% and be had known bandits from his
youth.
Had he been a general he could scarcely
have laid out a l>a.tt:e more skilfully than
he did the series of robberies and deeds
of violence every year. "There never was
.- more remarkable body of organized
lmrjdits In the West than the Silva gang
Of Northern New Mexico," said former
Governor L. Bradford Prir.ce of New
Mexico recently.
I>uiinfj the seven rears (from June. 1^9.
v.::\:\ • » :• ber.USC) that the Silva rang was
F' -r ;'.y :i: esistexce^ the ranchmen, mer
chantx .-:ii.i trader* in Northern New Mex
ico arfi Southern Colorado were in con
ftart dr'-ad that their property mipht be
robbed by the unknown thieves. People
who lived on lonely sheep and cattle
ranches out in the foothills were afraid
to po abroad at nieht lest they, too, might
ho found dead at the hands of an un
known murderer. All the cattle ranch
men w* re at their wits' ends to know how
thrir herds had lessened.
When Colonel \Y. A. Adams— a cousin,
by the way. of the late George M. Pull
man — and his tv.o stalwart sons ¦were
found dtad at the ranch home on their
eheep rar.Re. thirty miles south of Los
Cerillos. and the pory bodies had bullets
in their heads and stabs in their chest*.
It was generally believed the Pueblo In
dians had again revenged themselves on
the white man. Vicente Silva himself
went about declaring- that he would be
( r • <f a committee to go and bring the
Indians to justice. The ranchmen were
horrified at the crime. It transpired two
years apo, however, that the crime was
ore of the deeds of the Silva care, and
that Colonel Adams was murdered be
c^u?e be had caught the bandit gang
Tol'l'ir.c bis range and was about to ap
prehend the thieves.
How many crimes may be attributed to
the gar.g will never be known. The
crimes were far apart and committed by
different groups of men; many of them,
aiso, were tfcuusht at the time to have
bt-c-n committed by Indians or drunken
cowboys. S:lva himself was killed sev
eral years aco. and with him went the
secrets of much of the outlawry. From
about February. ik«i, to lst'o. the seven
teen bold. ' mereilegs and secret outlaws
hei<i the people of Northern New Mexico
i.nd Southern Colorado in terror.
Vicente t~ilva was a middle aged man
when he organized his outlaw band. He
was a saloonkeeper in Las Vegas. He
was t*oni in Berr.alillo County, New
Mexico, in 1M5. wa.s tall and well built,
and had an intelligent face and agreeable
marr;«:rs. He once ran for Sheriff, and
had a large vote.
he was reared a neighbor of the Navajo
Indians and its a youth he saw repeated
¦Ramon murders knew all about
border ror.erri< -s and rapine. He was de
rravt-<j a; S). He went with a dozen other
Mexicans to Wyorair.,? in 1V77 and was a
vaquero there for about a year. One day
be met the wife of a Mexican railroad
laborer and together they t-tarted on
bronchos across the country for Colorado.
The bUKband, Felipe Afruilar. came
home the next <!ay and started post haste
.'ifi'r the *-lor>ers. \\"i-at took place was
never roily known, hue Bllva and his new
wife reacbeoSLas Vegas, worn out and
W;g&l. after weeks ot horseback travel,
find a month lat»- r tho r.ews followed after
them t!:.Mt an American farmer in South
r-rn \\ yomirip. had found the decomposed
rezaain:- <f ;t rr.an wh'j n-sembled Felipe
Atrollar beneath a straw stack. • ¦
*Jy ;i iucky n: d of a .-mail siivr-r mine in
BouO^erti Colorado Siiva had some <ap
..ai. iif opened a saloon on the old plaza
In La." Vcgaa. There wa« always a crowd
if cowboys, sheep herders ar.d" wool and
<-ittle buyers at BUvm'a. and the gambling
rooms npsUUra were rrr^vdod every nisht
1 he cattle ani wool buyiness rapidly de
clined in 1&S7. ar.d custom at BUva'i bar
f' 1 ' away fast Hard times quickly bred
i:; SUva t!i<; old-tirm- spirit for outlawry
a '".,? n . ta ? J ' means of livelihood. Ann
while he lauehed with patrons at his bar
and cave ostentatiously to charity he was
braiders' 1 Orsar ' izir -S a 'band of
«-T e ,x™ r V ns pl , acc of the bandit band
lights hadU-cn put «U and the bar busi
ness closed No bard of Molly Maeuirea
¦re» tvfr bound witj, seerecv ard oaths
fr L - f Kri ! ' f f>- of hom-s and cattle and
,f -,v^V, rn A i- n^e««« lonely ran<nes
i No " hor " - N «-'W Mexico, with an occa
sional burplary an4 u murder if it "|,..
c.-imc necessary In the course of opf-r
guorg, was the purpose of the band. Silva
bought an abandoned iontly ranch thirty-
Two In; > a from Las vepas (nir Ha n
Pedro), among the desolate Raton Motm
• ? s tho ba««> of operations for his
M ' •:¦. t I ;;r.d of robbers.
Periodically there was a divlson of th»
rrofcods from The sale of <al'l<> »mil.-s
end Bheep from BUvaTa mountain rarch n
iho buyer* for Eastern stockyards The
lancbmen ivfre tor.tir.uul'y < orr.pl t riin- "f
*tu its nf cattle and liorws from the'r
1-r.J.s The Beyeral Sheriff. un< i their 4ep
r-.v.ts bunted the country over fo- the
thjovts. and the. ranchman banded thcrn
relvos together to protect the'r property.
fcttll the thefts vent on. '!"'!
In July. VBSU over seventy cattle were
reported stolen; and three small poFtofficcs
were robbed. There wr-re mysterious dis
«PP»noa«i Rl*oi of miners and cowbovs
mrhn carried rnnnoy about their persons
end nan no Interested relative* in tho Ter
rUpry. For instance. Pedro \>jar w,is s.-cri
r^f/r 0 I r aS . V^ 8ras , J °,"r evonln S in Mav.
3>32. j'fter l;p,!:aa sold his wool for j^OO He
was rever seen alive again. Then there
was Antonio Vasquez. who drew two
months' pay from the Santa F« Railroad
Company <.no afternoon, and was last seen
In Filva's caloon a few hour? later drunk
His cousin and sister starched for him"
but not a clew could ever be hnd of his
fate. FJamcn Oberro disappeared in the
v.-inter of IEy-C2, along with J300 from liis
talc of na'.cs.
The pang grew bold and reckless. The
Ferret of the frequent crimes tame sud
denly at list. In October. 1P>C. K<-fu!r1o
Ksqui!.<l. the wealthiest ranchman jn San
MlgueV County, fourd four of bis best bred
bones missing from the range. With his
ranchmen he went hustling over the
rr.our.tains for th* animals. He found th*»
»t:lma!f in the little rock corral at Silva's
lonely ianrh. Forthwith he went and no
tified the Eberlff that at last there was a
<-)ow to the. ihi'-ves that had so long been
rnM?!ns the ranches fn all that region.
Patr:<\ ; o Mars was at the corral, sxnd fear
ful of lynching he Becretly offered to tell
r.!J about the robber*: lie was accordingly
let ko for ¦ week, in which time to get
more m curate information.
A secret report was made to Silva at
his ralo:in that Mae? was about to reveal
ihe secrets of the band. An order thr.t the
pang < nly knew went forth lor a business
moctirg at the saloon. It was believd
¦octbfT dividend was pending. ?nd every
in< mber of the band was there. Silva shut,
vp Jits saloon rnd b.'rre^ the doors and
windows. The pan? "HFScrabled. coming
one at a time ;it a rear door, and being ad.
mitteu by a sl:m. Silva presided. Maes
fat calmly unmindful of the purpose of
the meeting.
A member rose and charged Maes with
perfidy and told about Maes' secret
agreement to reveal the gang to the of
ficers. Maes denied, and other members
of the cane told what they knew of
Maes' perfidy. Bllva railed for a vote
on the Kuilt or Innncencf of the accused.
Kvery one voted "guilty."' Death had
been agreed upon as the punishment for
perfidy. Silva had prepared for the de
cision of guilt, and he had a noose hidden
behind his saloon. In the partial dark
ness Maps was bound and passed by his
companions and dragged along the streets
to the bridge over Gallinas Creek. There
amid a bliudlng snowstorm, he was hang
ed from si stringer. At dawn the body of
Patricio Maes, stiff and covered with
snow, swayed to and fro in the wind. The
Coroner'? "jury decided that he had been
lynched for an unknown crime.
' Evenis moved swiftly with the Silva
" Cohere Ifetier lOas a fifore Remarkable
£ody of Organized fiandits in the
ibest "~-&x-QoVernor prince
of /few Mexico.
Sliva and His Notorious Band Sent to the Gibbet at Last.
THE STTNDAX CALL.
12IH^HHSr-
MACHIAVELH or. MACCHIAVELLT.
sometimes MACHIAVEL (Nicholas, a eel-
tbrated atheist and the author of "The
Prince"), im-VOOi "I desire to go to hell,
and not to heaven. In the former place I
shall enjoy the'company of popes, kings
and princes, while In the latter are only
beggars, monks, hermits and apostles."
MALHERBE (Francois de. the "Father
of French'Lyric Poetry"). 1335-162S: "Hold
your tongue: your-wretched style only
makes me out of conceit with them." To
his confessor, who was presenting the joys
of heaven in vulgar and trite phrases.
MORE (Sir Thomas, author of "Uto-
pia " He succeeded Wolsey as Lord Chan-
celior a dignity never before filled by a
common lawyer. He refused to take tho
-1^^^^^
father."
MARY (Queen of Scots). 1542-1=87: "O
Lord, into thy hands I commend my
spirit."
MARY I (Queen of Englajid, commonly
called "Bloody Queen Mary" on account
of her violent and cruel persecution of
the Protestants). 15U-155S: "After I am
dead you will find Calais written on my
heart." The loss of Calais Just before her
death affected her deeply.
MATHER (Cotton). 1633-1728: "I am go*
ing where all tears will be wiped from my
eye" to his wife., who wiped his eyes
with her handkerchief. .
MONTCALM (Saint-Veran de Martjuls).
1712-1759: "So much the better! I shall
not then live to see tha - surrender of -
w«S
block and h. * ™^*d^ heart De
r ght. n is no matt«r J hlch way the heaa
lies." Others i W ttat nI" la J l
were these, addressed to the h««gJ»f
headsman. YV n> dost tnou noi striKe.
tJ"Ij(";-' Ta-n,,o« th*. f,mnn,
ROLSSEAL ( jean jacqueo, ine_iamous
author ot £ a _,",.. _^..irr*
"Emile, Du Contrat feociai, ana
fesslons ). 1.1--1..5: inrow up tne win-
dow that I may aeo once more the mag-
niflcent scene of nature. , . -,
SAND (George, pseudonym of Mma.
Dudevant). 1804-1S76: "Laissez la verdure
-meaning, "Leave the tomb green; do not
cover It with brick or stone." /
SCOTT (Sir Walter)^ 1771-1832: "God
bless you all!"-to hia family,. - Some give
BJ^£~^SB
afterward one of hl8 meces.cime Into his
drawing aside the curtain
of his chamber, and then, as if awaken
lng Irom a quiet aIeep, he aaJd. .- l3 tnat
Dora?"
("The Last Words (Real and Traditional)
Qf Dlstln&uIsbed Mel\ and women." Col
lected from various sources by Fred
erlc Rowland Marvln. gvo. Troy. N. Y.:
c A Brewster & Co. Five hundred copies
only) -¦ - '
„-.. _. . ,-,^ rf Frnnlrl> »
ChlQa-The Loog-LiVed Empire,
Recent happenings in China mak* espe
dally timely the publication of "China:
The Long-Llved Empire." by Eliza Ruha
mah Scidmore, author of "Jinrikisha
Daysjn Japan'i- and f'Java: The Garden
BooRs Received.
TALES OF THE TELEGRAPH— By
Jasper Ewing. Brady. Jamieson-Higglns
Company. Chicago. Price, in paper. 50
cents.
THE RED BADGE OF COURAGE— By
Stephen Crane. t>. Appleton & Co.. New
York. Price $1.
THE LIVING UNIVERSE— By Henry
Wood. Lee & Shepard. Boston. Price, la
paper, 10 cents.
BOY-A SKETCH-By Marie Corelll. J fc
B. LJppincott Company. Philadelphia.
QUAINT NUGGETS— Selections from
Fuller. Hall. Selden. Herbert and 'Walton.
Compiled by Eveline Warner Brainerd.
Fords.- Howard & Hulbert. New York.
Price 43 cents.
. SWEEPERS OF THE SEA— By Claudo
H. "Wetmore. The Bowen-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis.
A MILLIONAIRE OF TESTERDAT-
By E. Phillips Oppenheim. J. B. Llppln
cott Company, Philadelphia. Price, in pa*
per, 50 cents. - —
about 1100-1154: "In fleatn at last ici.me
rest with Abelard."
HOWARD (John, dist!ngu!shed philan
thropist). 172S-1790: "Suffer no pomp at
my funeral, nor monumental inscription
where I am laid. Lay me quietly in the
< arth ar.d put a sun dial over my grave,
ar.d let me be forgotten."
HL'MBOLDT (Friedrich Heinrich Alex
ander, Baron von. author of the "Cos
mos"), 17C5-1SC:«: "How grand the sun
light: It stems to beckon earth to
heaven!"
JACKSON (Thomas Jonathan, "Stone
wall Jackson." distinguished Confederate
general). 1>24-1S63: "Let us go over the
river, and sit under the refreshing shadow
of tho trees." He was accidentally shot
ar.d mortally wounded \>y his own soldiers
in the Ourkncss of night. His last words
wer* spoken in delirium. -V-.v
JEFFERSON (Thomas, third President
of the United States;, 1T43-1S26: "I resign
my spirit to God, my daughter to my
country." His death was very 'remark
able. It occurred on July 4, 182t>,. while the
nation was celebrating the fiftieth anni
versary of the Declaration of Indepen
dence, which he had written. On the sam©
day. and almost the same hour, John
Adams, the second President, who had
Signed with him the declaration, died in
New England. ."¦¦.i? •
JULIAN (Julianus Flaviua - Claudius.
Burnamed "The Apostate" on account of
his renunciation of Christianity. He was
Roman Emperor from 331 to 363), 331-363:
"Thou hast conquered! O Galilean! thou
hast conquered!" Some authorities give
bis last words thus: "Sun, thou hast be-
man .and philosopher*. 1706-30: "A dying
ffisn can do nothinpr easy."
GAINSBOROUGH (Thomas, eminent
portrait and landscape painter). 1727-SS :
"We are all going to heaven, and Van
dyke is of the company."
GOETHE or GOTHE (Johann "WolfganK
von). 17O-1S21: "More light, more light!"
He mistook the shadow of death for even
lr.sr twilight.
GOLDSMITH (Oliver). 1T2S-74: "Xo. it
is not." to a physician who asked him if
his mind was at cafe.
GRANT (Ulysses Simpson, eighteenth
President of the United States). 1SJ2-S5 ;
"Water." said to rn attendant who in
quired if be wished for anything.
GRAY (Thomas, author of "Elegy
Written In a Country Churchyard ).
171--71: "M..l!y. I shall die!'
GREY (I-udy Jane). 15.^7-54: "Lord, into
thy hand? I commend my spirit."
HALE (Natnani captain In Continental
army, executed by the Hritlsh as .1 spy^,
:~".j-T6: "I only reprrct that I have but
pn« life to Rive to my country!"
HELOISE.tir ELOISB (a beautiful and
nccompUfhed French weman: the nieco
of Kulbert. canon of Notre Dame. She
hecame surccssively the pupil, mistrc?3
and wife of Abel&fd. After her marriage
she became prioress of Argenteuil. and
acquired a hisrh reputation for r'ety. ITer
letters, written in elopant Latin, and
printed with those of Abelard. are the
expressions of a noble and fervent spirit).
trayod me!" Julian was a worshiper of
the sun.
JOHNSON (Dr. Samuel. "Colossus of
Ergrlish Literature"). 1703-17S4: "God
bless you, my dear!" To Miss Morris,
KEATS (John), 175G-1S21: "I feel the
flowers growing over me." Some sa>- his
i ast words were. "I die of a broken
heart."
T>OT"IS XVI (guillotined by a wild and
h ]oO( ]thirsty mob called the Frrr.ch renub
lir j ar ,uary 21, 1703). 1754-173:5: "French
men. I die innocent of all the crimes that
a ye been imputed to me. I forgive my
fnem j e e ; i implore God, from the bottom
of my henrtt t0 pardon them, and not to
tak<? \- OI , gean ce on the French nation for
lh<? b , 0Ofl about to bG s ifed."
LOUIS XVIII (Louis Stanislas Xavier),
1755-IS24: "A King should die standing."
*» N an Interesting book of some 100
j paces. Fredrric R. Marvin gives us a
J» rr.ost valuable collection of the last
tTnlted Statesi. 1T35-1S26: "Inilepenaence
forever!" H«» d!ed on the Fourth of July.
of famous* men and women,
[fl ::¦; <l'.ti on to this he has compiled from
Lpparcstly pood authorities matter per
laialnc to the circumstances tn which
.hey died. An idea of the work can best
l e carhered from a reading of the fol
owir-.p:
ADAMS 'John, second President of the
j-.r.d it is thought that his last words were
t-upsrf sted by the noi^c of the celebration.
Seme fay his la..n words were "Jefferson
survives"; if eo. he Tvas mistaken, for
Jefferson ra^f-cd away at an earlier hour
the samp <iay.
'ADDI8ON (Joseph, poet and essayists.
2<rrr-:715: "S*-e In what peace a Christian
can di^:"' These words were addressed to
Lord Waruirk. an accomplished but dis
s-olute youth, to whom Addison was near
ly related.
ALBERT (Francis Augustus Charles
Emmanuel, Prince of Saxe-Coburi? and
Ootha. 1!*> marr!"<i'sQuMn Victoria, his
cousin. th«» J»tli of ribruary, 1S!O>. IS13
1861: "I have hKd wealth, rank and power.
but if the?f> were all I hadj how wretched
I should be!" A few moments UvA-r he
repeated the familiar lines:
Reck of Ac* cl«?t for ir.<«.
L»t ts+ hid* mrwlf in the*.
AXDRE ijnhn. major In the British
srmy at ?h<» time of the Amertcaa Revolu
tion, and executed as a spy October 2.
1TSO>. 1TS1-17S": "It will be hut a momen
tary pa^n^." The order for ex^oution was
1^'j^ly and Impressively read by Adju
tant General Scamrr.cl. who at its con
clusion. Informed Andr? that h«» mi^ht
now ppeaK. if he had anything- to say.
Lifting the bandage for ¦ moment from
bis pyf«, h»» bowed courteously to Green*
and thp att<>ndinff officers, and said, with
r.rian^ss and dignity: "All I request of
you gentlemen is that you will bear wit
ness to the world that I die like a brave
man." A moment later he paid, almost
in a irhlsper: "It will be but a momen
tary par.p."
BEECHER (Henry Ward. distir.cuishe<l
American dfrBjman. for many yoars pas
tor of Plymouth C«r>srepational church.
Brooklyn. N. Y.». IS13-1S87: "Now comes
the mv'te'.y."
POI.KYX. or BII.I.EN (Anne. v.ife of
Henry Vim. ISOMSSt Just b^f^re she
knelt to lay her head on tho Mock she
clasped ho: u<"k writh Iit hands and said:
"It is small, very s^mall. indeed."
BORGIA iCerare), killed at the Piece
cf Ibe Cast'o of Blano In 15^7: "1 die un
prepared." Cesaro Borjria v.as oj-^e ot the
most cralty, cruel and corrupt men of
that corrupt ape. So crime was too fi'ul
for h:m to perpetrat* or to be suspected
of
BRONTE (the Rev. Patrick, father of
Charlotte and Emily). 1774-iSfl: "While
there is iife there is will." He died stard
inir.
BROWN <J<ihr.K haiiRed December 2.
1£3. fcr hi? part in the famous Harper's
Ferry Insurrection*, lsw-ls^: "1 am ready
Et z'riy tim*> — do not keep me waiting:."'
?ai'j to the Bneriff, who asked him if ho
should sive him a private signal before
the fat;.! reomer.t.
BBOWNING "Klizabeth Barrett. Erie
llsh poet), 185-1S61: "It is beautiful."
BUONABOTTI (Michael Anpeloi. 1474
1564: "My soul I resign to God. my body
to the earth, and my worldly possessions
to my relations: admonishing them that
through their lives and in the hour of
death Jhey think upon the sufferings of
Jesus Christ. And I do desire that my
body be taken to the city of Florence for
|U last r«-si."— Va*=ari. xii.. 2??.
HYRON «<Jeorge Gordon Xoel. Lord, one
rf the greatest of English poet?). 17SS
XS24: "I must sW-p now." it has been
s?s<-rte<i. upon -what authority the com
piler docs not know, that the last words
of Byron wore: "Shall I sue for mercy?"
After a lore pause he added, it is said,
••Corr.e. come; no weakness; let me be a
rr.cti !<-> tb« !a.^t
CAESAR CCalus Julius). B. C. 10-V41:
"Kt tn Uriite!" to Marcus Brutus on dis
c rering him among the assassins.
CALHOUK (John Caldwell, Vice Presi
r>nt of the United States, called the
•Kath.r of State nights" >. 17S2-1S5-K "The
Eostb! the South: <Jod knows what irtfl
become of her!*"
CARLYLE (Thprna?. essayist, trans
lator and historian*, C95-U8L His mind
v.as nranderins when Ptottde went to nis
bedside, but he recognized him and said:
"I am v<=ry ill. Is it not strange that
thfsp }>eo;>'e should have chosen the very
oWesi man in al! Britain la make puffer
in this ftjy?" Kroude answered. "We do
not know exactly why those people act as
Ujey (So. They may have reason* we can
not guess at." "\'f-s," said Carlyle. "it
would be rath to say that they have no
reascr.?." ,
CHARLco II <of England. "The Merry
Monarch"!. 1630-10S: "Don't let poor
Nelly siaivel" The King referred to
Margaret Bymoott. known as lileanor
Gwvnn. or Nell Gwynn. She commenced
Mfe as an orar.ge girl in the streets 'of
London. Later she sa;:g in taverns ar.d
aitcr a time became a ivjpular actress in
the Theater Royal. She is remembered
as the mistress of Charles II. She seems
to have been a very kind and good-heart
ed woman. She was faithful to her royal
lover and upon his death retired from the
world ar.d lived in inclusion.
CHARLES IX <of France, scond son of
Herry II and Catheiir<» de Merlin). 1CICO
IC74: "Nurs* 1 . r.urf. what murder, what
blood! Oh. I have oor.e wrong; Ood p.-ir
ccn mel" The King referred, no doubt, to
the massacre of St. Bartholomew, which
CHARLEMAGNE <Char!*>s I. Kin; of
France and Emseror of t!".<» \\>st), 742
£14: "Lord, into thy bands I commend my
Fp:rit."
CLEOPATRA (Queer, of Egypt, daugh
ter of Ptolemy AUlete*). B. C. 69-S3: "Here
thou art then!" These words. whkTi an
traditional. Bbe I* :"aiu to have addressed
to the asp with which sir; committed sul
cM*>.
COLUMBUS (Christopher, discovered
America October 12, 14'.'2». 2t£i-liO6: "In
manus tuos. Domine. commendo spiritum
iripum." Cotesbus tlied at Viilladolid. a
disappointed, heart-broken man. liule
ccmprthendirg w!:at he had done for man.
kind, and f-tili i< ss the glory and homage
that through all future generations await
ed his naTno.— Ticknor.
CONFUCIUS <his name was Kcr.g. but
his Cisciples called him Kong-Fu-tse.
vrbich is "Kong the Master." and this the
Jesuit missionaries Latinized into Confu
cius). B. C. a31-479: "I have taught men
how v> live"
CORDAY D'ARMANS (Marie Anne
Charlotte, usually called Charlotte Cor
<S2>'. a your:;; woman of noble family and
cl a courageous and lofty spirit. She
E:cbbc<J Marat, one of the most blood
thirsty of all the vile monsters of the
French Revolution). 17*5-1793: "This is the
toilette of death. arrar.ge-J by somewhat
rude hi;n<JF. but it lends to immortality."
CROMWELL (Oliver), 1ZW-IGJS: "My
desire is to make what haste I may to be
fzonr." CroTpwoII died of grief at the loss
of his favotfte daughter.
DARWIN (Charles, one cf the most em
inent EngliFh naturalists)': 1S09-K: "1 am
not In the least afraid to die."
D1CKENS (Charles). 1S12-70: "On the
ground." He was losing his balance and
feared that h«» would fall to the floor. .
ELIZABETH < Queen of England and
daughter of Henry VIII by Anne Boleyn),
1*32-1003: "All my possessions for one mo
tr.cnt of time." Some give her last words
thue: "I *rfH have no rogue's eon in my
feat."
FRANKLIN tBecjamin, moralist, statea-
oath to maintain the lawfulness of the
marriage of Henry VIII with Anne
Boleyn, and was therefore adjudged guilty
of treason and condemned to death. He
was beheaded July 6.1S35),14S9-1535: "I pray
you see me safe up the scaffold: as for my
coming down, let me shift for myself."
Some say his last words were these, ad
dressed to the executioner: "Stay, friend,
till* I put aside my beard, for that never
committed treason."
MOTLEY (John Lothrop. distinguished
historian). 1814-1577: "I am. ill— very 111: I
Fhail not recover."
MARAT (Jean Paul, court physician,
author of several scientific works, and
later the main promoter of the Reign of
Terror in France). 1743-1793: "Help, my
dpar, help!" As Marat uttered these
words he fell at the feet of Charlotte
Corday and immediately expired. Char
lotte, motionless, as if petrified at her
crime, was standing behind the window
curtain. The transparent material al
lowed her form to be easily distinguished.
Laurent, taking up a chair, struck her a
clumsy blow on the head, which knocked
her to the floor, where Marat's mistress
trampled her under foor. in her rage.
MARIE ANTOINETTE (Marie Antoi
nette Josephine Jeanne de Lorraine,
daughter of Francois I. Emperor of Ger-
his last words thus: "I feel as If I were
to be myself again."
STEVENSON (Robert Louis. English
author). 1S50-94: "What is that?" He felt
a sudden pain In his head, and clasping
his forehead with both hands exclaimed.
"What is that?" and soon after ceased to
breathe.
TENNYSON (Alfred. Lord. Poet-Laure
ate of England). lS(tt-?2: "I have opened
it." These are t»? last words of the poet
that have been n.»le public later; he bade
his family farewell, but what he said has
never been published.
VIDOCQ (Eugene Francois, famous
French detective). 1775-1S37: "How great
Is the forgiveness for such a life!" He
was successively a thief, soldier, deserter
and gambler before he entered the public
service, and was often imprisoned for his
offenses. About 1S10 he enlisted in the
police at Paris. His success as a detective
has scarcely been paralleled in history.
WASHINGTON (George, the "Father
of His Country" and the first President of
the United States). 1732-99: "It Is well."
Some say hi3 last words were. "I am
about to die, and I am not afraid to die."
WEBSTER (Danlel>. 17S2-1S52: "I still
live:" This was his last coherent utter
ance. Later he muttered something about
poetry, and his son repeated to him one
of the stanzas of Gray's "Elegy." He
heard it and smiled.
"WHITTIEP. (John Greenleaf, distin
guished American poet). 1SOT-S2: "I have
known thee all the time." to his niece, in
response to his question. "Do you know
me?" Others say his last words were.
"Give my love to the world."
WORDSWORTH (William. distin
guished English poet). 1770-lSoO: "God
bless you! Is that you, Dora?" Mrs.
Quebec," on being told that he was dying.
MOODY (Dwight Lyman.' distinguished
American evangelist). 1S37-1S99: "I see
eaxth receding; heaven Is opening; God Is
calling me."
NAPOLEON I (Napoleon Bonaparte),
1769- 1S21: "Mon Dieu! La. Nation Fran
caise! Tete d'Armee." He died on the
Island of St. Helena, May 5. 1S2L In 1S40
his remains were removed to France and
deposited in the Hotel des Invalides.
NET (famous French marshal), 1769
1S15: "Soldiers— Fire!" said to the soldiers
appointed to dispatch him.
PITT (William). 1743-1S06: "Oh, my
country, how I love thee!"
POE (Edgar Allan, American poet, au
thor of "The Raven"), 1S11-1S49: "Lord,
help my soul!"
POPE (Alexander), 16SS-1744: " I am dy*
ing. sir, of a hundred good symptoms,"
said to a friend who called to Inquire
concerning his health. Some give his last
words thus: "Friendship itself is but a
part of virtue."
RABELAIS (Francois), about 14S3-1553:
"Let down the curtain, the farce Is over."
Some say his last words were, "I am go
ing to the great perhaps."
RALIEGH or RAWLEIGH (Sir Wal
ter), 1552-161S: "This is a sharp medicine,
but a sure remedy for all evils!" These
of ¦ the East." The book has not been ,
hastily put together to take advantage o£ ,
the sudden demand for works relating to]
the, Chines© empire, but was already ta i
type when the doings of the "Boxers'* ',
became the subject of daily cablegrams, j
Miss Scidmore's knowledge of the land] !
of paradoxes, as it might well be termed. ,
Is due to the fact that she has visited tt
seven times within the past fifteen years.
Several of her eight and twenty chapters)
are devoted to the capital. Peking. th«
objective polnV °* rioters and relieSj
parties; one to the foreign missions.;
whose safety' has been so gravely Jeop-j
ardlzed; one each to the cities of Tientsin.
Canton and Shanghai, and two to tha
great wall. 'The Decadence of the Man
chus." the alien ruling family, is the sub
ject of another chapter, while the Dow-
ager Empress, "Tsze HsI An the Great,"
is treated of at equal length. This ex-i
traordinary woman — "the only man laj
China." as she has been called— who be- 1
gan life as one of the late Emperor's con-'
cubines and made herself the- absolute
ruler of the empire, is supposed to bo re
sponsible for the present uprising. It bdns
characteristic of the country that Its rev-j
olutlons should be fostered. If not insti- ,
gated, by the Government. An •musing- •!
account is given of the Tsung-ll Yamen^:
the group of old men that is nominally 4
responsible for the empire's foretgn pol-'
ley. ,
While the author describes places arutj
people in the same picturesque an&j
graphic manner as In her earlier books •?
on the far East, and records her own ta-'
pressions on many Interesting points, saa
has also been at pains to acquaint her- ;
self with all the standard literature oC t
the subject. Her position as sinologue j
was confirmed last year, when s»e served;
as one of the secretaries of the Twelfth'
Oriental Congress at Rome. Her present!
work, which throws many sidelights on'
the causes of the situation in China to-J
day. is fully illustrated from photographsq
and drawings, the frontispiece being a^
portrait of the Dowager Empress from a>
painting on silk. (Published by the Cen-«
tury Company. New York. Price $2 50c>
A Garden Book-
The subject of gardening Is as old *a]
the hills, but it is nevertheless an Inter- *
estlng one and always will be so. Tons ot <j
books have been printed on fanning andJ
gardening lines and all of them are ofg
some merit, even thoae # that a.ppeaxe<l|J
years ago— for things grow In almost tharj
same way now as they did In the year ;
1. A little volume has recently come I
from the printer's hands under the tltfa :
•"The Amateur's Practical Garden Book," ;
and while it does not present any start-* *
HnKly new ideas, still it will receive a ,
ready welcome- from those whose delight
It Is to cultivate the acquaintance of tha
vegetable kingdom. The object of the
book Is' to cover the countless questions^
asked about the simplest garden opera-.'
tlons. and this has been done by Mr. C. 1
E. Hunn. gardener to the horticultural j
department of Cornell University. HiaJ
notes have been taken by Mr. L. H. Bailey"
and edited ami amplified. All the subjects,;
treated, and they cover all the possibill-.
ties of amateur* gardening, are arranged q
alphabetically and explained In tho most*
concise and simple way possible. Th»c
book is one that will be found mo3t In-]
structive and convenient for every ona j
Interested in gardening. Many helpful 11- ]
lustrations are also given. (Published by
the Macmillan Company. New York..;
Price *L>
(\ Book of Heraldry.
: A book has been recently published by ;
.Brentano's. New York, from the pen of
F. Schuyler Matthews, entitled "Th«
"Writing Table of the Twentieth Century."
It contains over three hundred illustra
tions by the author" and the heraldic bla
zonry of more than five hundred American
families. In addition Is given several
chapters upon just the proper thing In
vlstting cards and various invitations, and
announcements, writing papers, dies,
seals, monograms and other matters per
tainng to good form from the writing ta«
ble. The work Is a marvel of fin* letter '
{tress work and excellent illustration. Be
sides the Interest of the text it Is a pleas- .
ure to study it as an artistic example
of high art publishing.
Mr. Matthews has treated the subject
of heraldry from an American standpoint
and It will be found Interesting for Itsel2
alone If not for the covert hope of th»
reader that he will find his own name en
rolled among the families eligible for tha
honors of a crest upon their writing pa
per. For those of the four hundred, or
others similarly. Inclined, the hook will
be found Invaluable as an index to tha
latest and most proper forms in usa la
New York and abroad.
•Smiles Yoked Witb Sighs."
Laughing and the world laughing de--
Ilghtedly with him. Robert J. Burdett©
has for many years entertained and
taught us. His keen insight Into tha
frailties, fun and folly of the world an<S,
his good-natured comment thereon have,
charmed- us all.
No- book could better serve to diffuse
pood humor than his new "book, "Smiles
Yoked with Sighs." It Is written In danc
ing verse, filled with Burdett© pathos and
humor, and "Will Vawter has filled tho
book with hundreds of pen and Ink
sketches that capltalV mirror the rollick
ing rhymes. The title Is taken from sx
line in Cymbellne.
It is'not quite fair, perhaps, to call thft,
a book of nonsense poema. but. at least. ,
one may say that It is the work of a ,
rhymester who does not take himself too'
seriously: who writes jingle3 knowing
that they are Jingles: who Goes not strlko
attitudes because he has discovered that;
there are feet In a line and that "mine"
rhymes with "thine." and that the serlo- ,
comic i3 enormously fetching. Mr. Bur- ;
dette's style is too well known to want
for description. He Is one of those clever,
men who have a native talent for "fool- :
ing" In verse, and as a consequence his
thousands of readers will welcome his
new book with Joy. (Published by the
Bowen-Merrill Company. Indianapolis.)
"Bohemian Paris of To-Day."
Appropriately to the season of the
French exposition, the J. B. LJppincott;
Company of Philadelphia have Just!
brought out a second edition of "Bohe
mian (Paris of To- Day," by YC\. C. Mor
row from notes by Edouard Cucuel. This,
book when first issued from the press was
one of the most notable publications ojf
the time, . and is an up-to-date account
of the student side of Paris life. It glvesj
an inside view of Bohemian Paris, Its
cafes, its boulevards arid all the features.
that so to make up the attrac
tiveness of that portion of the great capi
tal. It has-been well described as "a com-:
plete guide for those desiring to see tho
Bohemian quarter as It really is. as well
as being one of the most absorbing books
for general reading recently published."
The work has a special attraction to tha
people of San Francisco, Inasmuch as
both its authors are San Franciscans,
though Mr. Cucuel Is now and has been
for some time past a resident of Europe.
It Is therefore a study of Bohemlan*Parls
from a Californlan point of view, and as
such has a local as well as a general in
terest. '"_
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
BOOKS AEVIEWSoutside. The tears ran down my cheeks,
and they were by no means the only tears
in the house. I waved a little white wrap
until my arm gave out; then a stronger
arm took it and held it higher. Then it
was tied to a cane, and that was spliced
to an umbrella, and a man standing on
the edge of the box waved it and shouted
for a happy half hour.
Young John A. Logan was in the audi
ence. Hlim and trim from his West Point
training. We were both guests of tno
family" of the Hon. F. W. Palmer, then
occupying the Logan, home on Calumet
avenue. When Manning, as he w-as
named until after the death of his fa
ther, saw the general's chances lessening
for the Presidential nomination he was
downcast. When Blaine was nominated
and his father was wanted for second
place the boy's pride could hardly endure
it. My first thought after the joy of vic
tory was ot Manning, and as 1 urove down
the avenue I wondered what kind things
I could say to him. As I reached the Bate
I heard iny name joyously called, and.
looking up, I saw young Logan coming
to meet me with a Blaine flag in one hand
and the Stars and Stripes in the other,
singing cut at the top of his voice. "Three
cheers for Blaine! Mrs. Clarkaon, three
cheers for Blaine!' I was filled with ad
miration for the lad who could take de
feat like a thoroughbred. It was splen
did—clean, true grit. The boy was father
to the man. for he died on the field of bat
tle, like the gallant that he was.
THE MOST TURBULENT CONVEX-
The convention of 1SS8 was a whirlwind.
It takes my breath away now to think
of It. The grand old party elephant came
trumpeting into town, loaded down from
trunk to tail with valiant Ajaxes bravely
inviting the Presidential lightning. Tne
man from the West with the linen duster
hobnobbed with the silk-tiled man from
away down East: the broad-brimmed
planter and his Northern brethren ex
changed ideas and clasped hands lr:
friendship. There was not a dull or un
interesting moment from the beginning
until "taps" were sounded, six days later
The committee! on credentials had n
sorry time In settling differences. Th-
Virginia dispute— between General Ma
hor.e with his deliciously quaint ways,
gathered trousers and ruffled cuffs, ana
John S. Wise, a strong personality who
diil not care for the aforesaid General
Mahone— was most vexing. The delay wi.s
so long that some business had been
transacted, which, of course, was entirely
unparliamentary. This was a self-willed
convention. It was the most turbulert
body 1 have ever seen, save and excepting
a board of trade.
The naming of candidates was finally
reached, eight names being placed before
the convention in this order: Judge dresn
am, Benjamin Harrison, William B. Alli
son, General Alger, Chauncey M. Depew,
John Sherman, Mayor Fitler of Philadel
phia and "Uncle Jerry Rusk. With all
these aspirants in the field there is small
wonder that the convention hall was filled
with a buzz of consultation, trading,
promising and threatening. At least the
sounds which floated up to our iow ba -
cony seemed to convey as much. The bal
loting began with Sherman in the lead,
With Alger second, and so it went till ad
lournment was forced at S o'clock in the
evening. On the fifth day, before an
other ballot was taken. Major McKinley
withdrew. After the tlfth ballot the con
vention adjourned for over Sunday. The
old-time friends of Blaine had hoped that
in the How and ebb of the tide the con
vention would turn to him, and a small
though steady vote had been recorded f_>r
him on each ballot, with the Californian*
alwavs casting their sixteen votes for
"Janies— G.— Blaine." But their hopo3
were dashed to the ground when the Edin
burg dispatches came with the request
from Mr. Blaine that his friends and sup
porters should cease their efforts in hjj
behalf. In the eighth ballot Harrison wa3
nominated and the hard-fought battle was
over.
All this time the confusion had been in
describable. Alabama had begged for a
sergeant-at-arrns that she might collect
her vote. The long waits between ballots
had given opportunity to shift the field
a number of times. The weaker brethren
changed masters frequently in this not
able convention, and some of the abler
delegates wavered unaccountably. Would
not you like to know all the ins and outs
of a nominating convention, and how it
is done? Many are the jealousies, broken
promises, and misplaced confidences, but
he who goes upon the battlefield must not
expect too much in the way of careful
handling.
The women of Chicago were out en
masse at all the meetlng3 of this conven
tion, and many distinguished women from
all over the country were present. The
heat was terrific at times, but no one
seemed to mind It. and every woman
clung to her seat until each session was
adjourned.
BLAINE'S LAST CA
The distinguishing feature of the Minne
apolis convention of 1892 was the un
bounded hospitality extended to the dele
gates and visitors. The town was llter-
A HOP, Fkip and a jump -took May
Yohe from Uie Convent -of the Sa
cred Heart, on the banks of placid
Lake Merrftt, in Oakland, to pre
sumptive Duchess of Newcastle.
Flrst a hop. from (be home of her father,
William Yolie cf BeubJehtm. Pa., to being
Marj' Augusta Yohe, dwelling In vestal
halls and never seeing a man except when
rowing on the lake with the other scholars
la a boat, -with a nun *"t the helm, the
Sirls all pu'.iing one way and the poor nun
tryinp to steer the boat in .*he other direc
tion, just berausp there were young men
promenading on the willow draped shore.
Then with a skip she becom "s May lone,
Star of the footlights, dazi'.lng worldly
youth, and setting stage managers to run-
r.'.r.n races across the continent In special
trains to pet her to come and play with
them.
Then v/Ith a jump and sho Is a. grand
lady, the wif<? of Lord Henry Francis
jiope Pelham-CIinton-Hope. (Isn't that a
hopeful combination?) Besides all this he
is heir presumptive to the dukedom of
Newcastle, with Its nine livings, and the
lord (brr lord* only knows what else.
Those are the Three characters in which
her ladyship has appeared In California in
real life.
Well begun is half done, and her career
was commenced In company which proved
by selection to have been the very best.
Among that Levy of cloistered sheltered
maidens at the lakeside convent were Eve
lyn Julia Bryant, now Princess Galatro by
.her marriage Into the patrician Colonna
family, and Flora Sharon, who as Lady
ffesketh visited h«r-re en a round-the-world
tour in lur btautifu! steam yacht Lan
cashire Witch. Think of all those grand
people, once ju.-^t Oakland convent girls.
Truly, we Californians do not appreciate
the beauty of our girls, while the cultured
aristocrats of Europe, who know good
things when they see them, win the prizes
away from us.
'"Loyalty Knows- Not Sharae" Is the le
gend "on the Jucal crest of the Pi'lham-
Clintons.
Loyal w;:s the loving K>rd. and he would
not be shamed by all of his haughty rela
tions when they tried to make him give up
the "American girl." He followed his
family motto, and also that good com
mand" of the Bible which tells the husband
to cleave to his wife rather than to his
own people.
There was trouble all the way through
the Vere-de-Vere lines of the Pelham-
Clinton clan, and it was a brave young
lord that faced a furious family tribe of
English blue-l>!oo<ls, whose names fill
pages in the British peerage. There were
lords and ladies among his kin whose
names would have to be dropped a peg to
allow that of the American girl to take its
place above them.
A family row is always serious, and
when there are a half-dozen Dowager
Duchesses and Countesses to take the ag
gresslve and all Berkeley square and the
Carlton Club to back them, why. It is
worse than poking sticks In a hornets'
There they were lined up. On one sde
the lords. Knight Commanders of the
Bath (that sounds better than K. C. B.'s),
and Ladies Augusta. Leonora. Gwendolen,
daughters of four centuries' Earls; on the
other side the younger brother of the
Duke a mere boy. only in his twenties,
and hi? beautiful bride from over the
water (the English hadn't commenced to
think about singing "Hands Across the
Sea" then).
Youth and love conquered, as they al
ways have, will and should. Lord Francis
would not divorce his bride, and though
frothy correspondents in cable dispatches
stated that May's dream of love was o'er.
she is dreaminj; yet, and no rude Jar has
awakened her. Her dream Is a real true
one. not too good, but just good enough
There are some girls who would Jump
at the chance of marrying a title, but
May thought that if she might have the
admiration of the world there was no
reason why she should limit herself to
receiving the homage of one man.
Go where we will, we always travel in
circles and arrive In the end at the place'
we began. So fulfilling that inexorable
law. here 1« May back again within the
Golden Gate and visiting and boating
again on the willow-veiled lake, in fancy
If not In fact, and— wonder if It's true— do
you suppose that a lady of England after
all Is any happier than a California girl
who Just loafs under the sun?
This is one of the reasons why she
pleases. Another is that she loves to
please people and does it for the pleasure
that it gives hor, rather than for any
hope of gain. It I? that Jolly good fel
lowship of hers that has caused the as
sociation of so many stories with her
name. Those who knew her at school say
that there she was just as much a fa
vorite among the girls of her class as
she was with h£r audiences over- the foot
lights. Such winning ways brought many
to her feet, but no one was so persistent
as the young Englishman. Miss May had
no Idea of fettling down as the wife of a
Britisher, and she led his lordship a mer
ry chase around the world. Wherever she
went she was sure of a better engage
ment than her last. Whenever the pink
English face and the title appeared in
town away went May. and like a pair of
butterflies they dodged around the cir
cuit, her vagaries setting managers into
a frenzy and rousing all the obstinacy of
her British admirer.
May Yohe's experiences in life have cov
ered the widest range that human activity
can span. Only a young woman, yet she
has been In the public eye since a girl.
She has fiitted back and forth between
Europe and America, always a success,
and as she says herself, she does not
know what failure, hard time or bad luck
means. She has an infinite capacity for
doing anything, and her variety is un
ending.
Lord Hope lost a portion of his fortune
in backing a London theater where Miss
Yohe was the star, and It was with an
Idea of realizing some benefit from the
useless diamonds that he proposed their
sale. Such a suggestion was extremely
distasteful to the family, for the diamonds
bad made the name famous and gave It
prominence above that which it had
gained even from deeds at arms in the
early wars, and literary achievements in
later times.
The r.ame of Hope is an acquired one.
He is a born Lord in his own right, but
with the familv name of the house of
Newcastle which is Pelhnm-Cllnton. The
name Hope, and the possible succession
which It carries with it. was acquired by
royal license, his motln'r being an on!>
daughter cf Thomas Hope of Decpdene.
There are cndleps tnysteries connected
with the names of both Lord and Lady;
for ten years or more both have been
under the limelight, or flitting into
shadow, and now more than ever they
are mysterious and rcfiue nil explanations
which would clear the stories. There are
bits of gossip floating about in scraps and
clippings through the papers which re
call how his Lordship was once mixed
up with the fhmous Hope diamonds; one
of which, the Blue Hope, is as famous
a« the Orion* or the Koh-I-Noor.
The diamonds ore of such tremendous
value that the interest on the money they
are worth is like a constant source of ex
pense, or In other words were they sold,
their price invested in California securi
ties would produce a fortune every year.
The Blue Hope alone would sell for a sum
that would bring In a thousand dollars a
month. It was claimed that the diamond
was stolen, but what object any one could
have had in stealing it cannot be guessed.
No one but a kleptomaniac would ever
take such a risk, for a mere offer to real
ize upon it would bring the holder within
clutches »s form as the first gleam of its
azure struck the eye of an expert.
Still there are those who would take the
risk. The history of svery great diamond
is almost a succession of robberies and
mysteries that are cever explained. A
woman will sell her soul for diamonds,
pome one has said, and men will do for
diamonds what they will not dw for money.
The head that wears a crown may lie
uneasy, but It's a simple matter to take
the crown off. Not so with a diamond.
There Is a fascination In the possession
of so much wealth concentrated in such
little space. To hold such a diamond in
the hand and study it is more entrancing
to one who knows the delight of It than
to view a royal art gallery. The owner of
a diamond becomes its slave and his very
life is wrapped within that diamond which
has cost so many lives, for each has its
trail of blood and crime behind it, drag
ging back through the history of the cen
turies. And the slave of the diamond
would not be released.
to be true She dreams of ducks some
times, whole seas of ducks, just because
Lord Francis is one. she pays.
How much is a woman worth? is
a question.
"More than a million." was the answer
of Polham-Ciintr.n-riopo when he refused
that amount which was offered him by
his relatives as an inducement to leave his
wife.
Copyright, 1900, by Anna H. Clarkson.
THROUGH the gallantry of the dele
gates to the National Republican
conventions women have always
been made welcome as spectators
at these splendid gatherings. As I
raise my pen the memories of the conven
tions which I have attended sweep over
me with force and vividness. I seem to
hear the applause, to see the waving ban
ners, and to feel the thrill of the battle
royal.
The nominating conclave of 1S76 was a
"wet blanket convention." It opened with
glory and enthusiasm and closed almost
In silence. Bonfires had been built
throughout the length and breadth of tho
land-a Blaine flag surmounting every one
—and all were ready for the torch, when
he should be nominated. One dignified old
gentleman of whom I wot was up In the
back end of an express wagon, respond
ing to the calls of a singing, cheering
crowd. The burden of his words was "the
Navarre o^f American politics" and his
great fitness for the high duties which
awaited him. The crowd was struck
dumb when the result wds displayed on
the huge plate glass of the newspaper
office. The dear old gentleman climbed
down. and said. "I'm going home to think
it over." Men and women shed tears and
not a single blaze came from those piled
up tar barrels until the regular ratifica
tion meeting. The clear sentiment of the
*76 convention was for Mr. Blaine. He had
more than enough votes to nominate him,
as they came and went, in the seven bal
lots cast, and in the end he lacked only
twenty-seven votes. Gc\-ernor Hayes was
a most worthy gentleman, and it was no
fault of his that he followed in the wake
of the most magnificent craft that ever
sailed our political seas.
ELAINE'S SECOND DEFEAT.
The convention of 1SSO was tragic in Its
intensity. For the third time the greatest
American general. Ulysses S. Grant, was a
candidate. James G. IJIalne. the country's
most distinguished civilian, was the other
chief candidate. By the time the balloting
began the nerves of the convention were
strained to a great tension. An Immov
able body was about to come in contact
with an Irresistible force, and the result
was uncertainty. The first ballot devel
oped the candidates— Windom.Was^.burne.
Edwards and Sherman, with Grant and
Klalne leading. Garficld. who was ulti
mately successful, polled only one vote.
Twenty-seven ballots showed no material
change. The excitement was at white
heat. Delegates were receiving telegrams
advising. Instructing, imploring and even
threatening. The voting lasted for two
long days. Grant holding his famous 30(5
and Blaine falling little behind. After the
thirtieth ballot Garfield gained stcudily,
Grant losing nothing. On tho thirty-sixth
ballot Garfiold was declared the victor.
Modest and manly, fair and level headed,
he sat, pale and motionless, when the an
nouncement was made.
The strain was over, and enthusiasm,
sincere if not exuberant, took the place of
nervous nnxioty. The lock was broken,
and almost any result was a relief. How
did the women feel? I only know how one
woman felt. To her tho fight in that con
vention seemed like strife among selfish
boys. Twice had the splendid general re
ceived the highest gift of the nation. I
have always thought that If he had been
appealed to (in the right way. by the right
persons) he would have shown the con
vention that a great general could have
great magnanimity. I believe he could
have been induced to throw -his strength
to one of the other candidates after he
himself had ceased to gain. General Grant
was a deeply generous man, and there Is
a beautiful story, which it is not In my
province now to relate, how he climbed on
his crutches to a -committee room and
made a touching off\r of his services in a
campaign somewhat later.
A CHIVALRIC CONVENTION.
The convention of 1S84, held in Chicago,
was a straight out, open fight. The spirit
of the gathering was chlvalrlc and su
perb. A fight for the temporary chair
manship was begun as soon as the open
ing prayer for prace and guidance had
been delivered. While it lasted, this tight,
won by John R. Lynch of Mississippi, was
intensely exciting, but the usual contest
over the seating of delegates did not take
place, there being no minority report from
the credentials committee.
Whtn it bad reported it was clear that
the main business of the convention was
at hand, and thrills of expectancy ran
through the big assemblage. Fans flut
tered and a hum spread from aisle to
alslo, and the battle- was on. General
Hawley was placed in nomination. Gen
eral Logan's name was presented by Sen
ator Cullom. Then, with stirring words,
Judge West, the blind orator, presented
the name of Mr. Blaine. David of Min
nesota, Goodloe of Kentucky, Platt of
New York and Grow of Pennsylvania sec
onded this nomination. Chester A. Ar
thur, John Sherman and George F. Ed
munds were named. Such a display of or
atory will not occur many times in the
experience of one person. It was a quar
ter of two o'clock In the morning when
adjournment was finally effected.
When the balloting began the next day
all the factions were armed for the fray.
Every officeholder was in position for
Arthur, but the cohorts of Blaine had a
"now or never" feeling, and went into
battle bravely. The strife was clearly
between these candidates, but the other
nominees had seen one such fight in which
neither combatant won. So they took
heart against the day of reckoning. Mur
murs and whisperings flew around.
"Blaine will be nominated." "Too many
office holders here," said the pessimist.
"The Plumed Knight's time has come,"
said another. "Arthur has possession,
and that's nine points," ventured a lis
tener.
VICTORY FOR THE PLUMED
KNIGHT.
The women had taken great Interest In
this convention and had helped to deco
rate the hall and the various headquart
ers. My own big Stars and Stripes, which
I hang out on Fourth of July, Decoration
day and on all gala occasions, covered
one side of the wall in that famous room,
the "ordinary" of the old Grand Pacific
Hotel. This was the headquarters of tho
Blaine leaders, and all Iowa turned out
to make it gay and beautiful and worthy
of the occasion.
When the balloting began the excite
ment ran high. There was no confusion.
Just the rustling of the leaves, the stir of
the breeze which heralded the storm. No
one do red hurry the first tell-tale ballot.
It meant too much. But the crowd did
not wait for the olHcial announcement of
the figures. Individual pencils were quick
to show that Blaine was fifty-six and a
half votes ahead of Arthur, with no one
else in sight. The Blaine adherents
shouted, sang, waved their flags, threw
their hats in the air and shouted and
sang again. The next ballot was almost
as much dreaded, so it was put off by the
victors as long as possible, and the cheer
ing and huzzaing were, kept up until they
were exhausted. It showed a gain of fif
teen votes for Blaine and a loss of two
for Arthur, all the other candidates losing
slightly. The scene after the first ballot
was re-enacted, only the applause was
longer, stronger and more deafening. The
friends of the leading candidates went
from delegation to delegation seeking
more votes.
The third ballot made Blalne'a nomina
tion almost sure. The fourth ballot was
decisive, and James Q. Blaine was de
clared the nominee. Then the crowd went
mad. Tho roar of victory swelled along
the lake front and was taken up by those
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
lull Mrs. Lake stood In her chair and held
still higher the glowing star. Peal after
peal of spontaneous applause rent the alr.
Full thirty minutes the wave swept on
until it spent itself, *orn out with its
own weight and splendor. "When silence
was obtained Mr. I>epew continued hi9
speech, but the life had gone out of it.
After Texas had voted. Chairman Mc-
Klnley called Elliot F. Shepherd to the
chair and moved that the rules be sus
pended and Benjamin Harrison be nomi
nated by acclamation. Mr. Clarkson sec
onded the motion. As there were (Ejec
tions, owing to the fact that all tho
States wished to record their votes, the
motion was withdrawn and the voting pro
ceeded. The result you know. President
Harrison was renominated by almost a
hundred votes more than he needed.
Whitelaw Reid was named for v ice Pres
ident unanimously.
It was all over. Victors and vanquish
ed shook hands and pledged loyalty to the
nominees. The great convention of 1J»S
was a thing of the past, but its glory wul
be a memory forever.
TIOX.
DIDA'
MAY
YOME
PROSPECTIVE
DUCHESS OF NEWCASTLE
WAS ONCE A
CALIFORNIA
SCHOOL GIRL
WHEN
JAMES
G. BLAINE
WAS A CANDIDATE
BY
MSR. JAMES CLARKSON
ally turned over to them. Citizens left
their comfortable rooir.s, moving into at
tics and servants' quarters that tne guests
might have the best the city afforded.
Nowhere has the national convention been
entertained in so royal a manner.
The town was filled with politicians for
daya before the meeting ot the conven
tion. The Blaine men were in line again
for a long and strong pull for the nomina
tion. The Harrison troops, already in the
saddle, were determined on another Tour
years' run. It was a battle of the ins
and "outs" and the "ins" won. Nearly all
the strife occurred out of convention
hours. Nothing could excel the intensity
of feeling which animated the struggling.
contending crowd. This may sound like
a report of a riot, but no one who saw
the wild and uncontrollable combatants
who rallied and fought for their leaders
in the West House, the night before the
nomination, will say that it resembled a
peace congress or a Sunday school conven
tion. It was simply -awful. All night
long the howling, pushing, excited throng
strove for the ascendency and only gave
up the contest with the breaking of the
dawn.
The convention was called to order on
June 7 by James S. Clarkson. J. Sloat
Fassett was the temporary chairman and
Major McKinley was permanent chair
man. Not until the fourth day were the
nominations reached. Senator Woleott in
a glowing speech nominated Mr. Blaine.
The house was beside itself with excite
ment and cheered and cheered again.
Colonel Dick Thompson in a few well
chosen words placed General Harrison In
nomination. Mr. Depcw made a speech
for Harrison, in the course of which he
Inconsiderately asked the audience who
was the exponent of the party's princi
ples and to whom belonged the honor of
reducing the national debt, paying off the
maturing bonds, maintaining the public
credit, increasing the currency and
crowning the nation with prosperity.
Like a clap of thunder came the stun
ning 'and unexpected reply, "James G.
Blaine!" From pit to balcony the cry re
sounded, "Blaine! Blaine! Blaine! Blaine!"
Banners were unfurled, leaders stood in.
their seats and led the cheering, voices
gave out and other voices took up the
huzzas. When the delegates were nigh
exhausted Mrs. Richard Kerens, a loyal
friend of Blaine, threw, a fine silken flag
over the edge of the balcony and put new
life into the cause with her cheers. To and
fro waved that eloquent emblem and the
mighty roar of voiced grew louder and
louder. Then came a historic incident.
Mrs. Carson Lake, a beautiful young
woman sitting back of the chairman on
the platform, s-prang to her feet and,
seizing a large star of red. white and blue,
held it aloft and cheered for Blaine.
The effect was electrical. Every one
in the house not for Harrison rose to his
feet. "Louder," cried the beautiful wo
man, and louder came the refrain. Every
heart-throb was quickened. In the nextidolizing Mice.
The Japanese have a queer little flo
mestic pet that Is said to waltz through
the greater part of the waking hours of
Its life, never growing tired, even It lta
feet wear out In the process.
The animal belongs to a peculiar breed
of mice— black and white, with pink eyes.
One of their peculiarities Is that when
other bahy mice are Just beginning to
walk, these are beginning to waltz.
If several mice are put in together they
will often be seen waltzing In couples, and
sometimes more than two will Join In the
mad whirl. So rapid is the movement that
It Is Impossible to tell heads from tails.
When the floor of the cage Is not smooth
the mice actually wear out their feet,
leaving only the stumps to whirl on.
Waltzing seems to be an necessary for
the waltzing mouse as mid-air somer-
Kaults are to the tumbling pigeon. An up
right peg forms a convenient pivot around
which the mice can whirl, but Natural
Science is the authority for the statement
that without any such guide they would
not in several minutes cover aa area
larger than a dinner plate, and they easily
spin under a tumbler.
glven by the society, acting the part of
Bellides with considerable talent In tho
play, "Tho Maid of the Mill," given in
April.
In debating Chadbourne has taken a
prominent place is his class organiza
tions, being at present a member and of
ficer of the Senior Wranglers. He has
been on several interclass debates, and
this winter took one of the teams chosen
t<yrepresent an under class in charge and
trained them for the contest. Chad
bourne takes an interest in the more se
rious side cf life at college, is a member
of the Cercle Francais, which engages a
French author to lecture before it every
year, and to several other minor clubs.
Chadbourne Intends to study law, return
ing to Cambridge next fall to enter the
Harvard Law School.
A graduate of the University of Cali
fornia at present in the Harvard Law
School Is Lloyd Baldwin of San Fran
cisco, who came to Cambridge last fall
after taking his oegree at Berkeley, and
studying law privately for two years.
Baldwin, like tho Bancroft boys, is a
graduate of Phillips " Exeter Academy,
representative of the Golden Gate. He,
lives In Ware Hall, a dormitory largely
tenanted by those "sportily" inclined. Lil
ienthal is' a graduate of Phillips Exeter
Academy, a bright student, a companion
able, good fellow and a great traveler.
Of all the California boys at Harvard
theso are, perhaps, tho most prominent.
There are, however, a dozen or two more,
who, although not perhaps distinguished
in college for any particular gifts, add
much to California's representation at
Harvard, qualitatively as well as quanti
tatively. Some of these are: Wilbur Au
gustus Sawyer of Berkeley, in the eppho
more class: John Michael Hussey of Ne
vada City, in the sophomore class; George
Chandler Baldwin of San Francisco, who
graduates from the dental school in June:
"William Fletcher McNutt, In the graduate
school, who obtained his degree at the
University of California in 1K)7; Marshall
Stimson of Los Angeles, a special student
In ¦ the law school; William Henry Crow
of Redwood City, who came to the Har
vard law school after graduating at Le
land Stanford In '9S; Samuel Wilson Col
lins of Palo Alto, also a graduate. of Le-
fornlan. young and beautiful. More than
that need not be told, for is that not
enough?
To be beautiful and the bride of a
Prince— it is like a fairy story: but Cali
fornia is a sort of fairyland, anyway.
The girls' fathers dig in the mountains
and find fabulous gold and silver treas
ures there. The girls marry Princes and
make Cinderella and Beauty feel like back
numbers.
Just think how many of our girls marry
Princes and others of lesser importance!
How many girls there are here, too, who
would not marry a Prince. They have
some one else in view, and when a girl
once gets an idea about marriage tangled
under the locks of her pretty hair— well,
thinking about all the Princes in the Al
manach de Gotha will not get that Idea
out again.
A Prince may be a first ruler of men
and. an American girl really should not
marry lower than a Prince.
Why?
Because every American man you know
land Stanford; Benjamin Franklin
Thomas of San Francisco, in the first
year of the scientific school preparing for
civil engineering; George Harding Whip
pie of San Francisco, who camo to Har
vard after securing a degree Ph. B. at
Berkeley: John Hubert Mill of the third
year of the law school, who also gradu
ated from Berkeley in 1S97; Vincent Whit
ney of Rocklin, in the freshman class;
Edward Burt Perrin Jr. of San Francisco,
a special In the college; Arthur Gordon
Eldred of Coronado Beach: William
Holmes Spalding of Oakland, who gradu
ated from the University of California in
1899 and entered the senior class a\ Har
vard last fail, and Christopher George
Ruess of Los Angeles, who is a prominent
member of the Semitic Club.
Although California's representatives at
Harvard are thus seen to be compara
tively few in number, they have attained
prominence In college life out of all pro
portion to their ratio to the whole number
of students.' "They are the best fellows
we have at Harvard," said a prominent
professor a few weeks ago. "I hope Cali
fornia will send more of them."
is born with sovereign rights. He has the
capability of ruling born in him, because
he is by birth eligible to become a ruler.
One who Is born only a Baron or a
Count or something of that kind is by
birth inferior to his own sovereign and
to the sons and daughters of that sover
eign, and also to the many Dukes, Earls
and other intermediary powers, all of
which are in their turn Inferior by birth
to those who are born with the right to
rule. But the American-born citizen is by
birth high enough to rule his fellows and
the rank that a man has In his own coun
try is the rank to which he Is entitled ths
world over.
His is the right to rule by birth. True,
he needs en election, but so does a Kins
need a coronation.
The American man has no peer but the
, Prince.
So, girls, marry an American or a
Prince. Remember your birth. You were
not born inferiors.
Miss Scheltema did well. She has mar
ried a man who is her equal and a de
scendant of a princely family that, if new,
is at least of untarnished honor, for Its
founder was as a king should be, not
hand In front of her with the Index and
middle finger forming the letter V. This
means "you will become the mother of
twins." When twins are born In this re
gion they and their mothers are killed, as
a rule, and when a mother dies in giving
birth to a child the latter is also' killed
and burled with her. It is not superstition
which impels the negroes to dispose of
motherless infants in this heartless fash
ion, but the great difficulty of ' rearing
them. Altogether the Information which
Count de Cardi has gathered during his
residence of many years in this portion
of Africa Is • of rare value, especially to
anthropologists.
only brave, but just. Murat was the be3t
of all kinds of kings. He was self-made.
There are many self-made men. but self
made kings will always be a rarity.
Like all truly great men, he was born
close to the ground, and as a farmer's son
he learned the handling of horses that
made him the greatest cavalry leader of
the" greatest of generals.
To reward him for his bravery in the
Italian campaign, Napoleon sent him
back to Paris as bearer of the captured
flags.
Thi3, visit was the turning point In the
flood that led him on to fortune. Murat.
brave as he was and bard as he
whom married Miss Bryant of Downle
ville, the stepdaughter of Mackay.
To this lady came Prince Poniatowski
as bearer of a message from Napoleon,
who desired to know the young woman,
who he claimed was the most charming
in Europe.
The lady was young (only IS) and Ions
refused, but at last, through continued
urging by Poniatowski and representa
tions on his part that she alone could
save the nation by winning Napoleon, she
went to a ball at La Blacha, the palace
of Prir.ce Joseph Poniatowski. which was
the rallying place of the society cf War
saw.
From this meeting resulted an acquaint
ance ¦who was the best friend of all his
life, and even when Napoleon was ban
ished to Elba this lady came there, bring
ing her little son. then a brave, romping
little fellow, a half-brother of the King
of Rome. It was upon Caroline. Murat'a
wife, that devolved the care of this boy
and his mother. All of the loose end3 of
Napoleon's family affairs were untangled
or veiled by her. as occasion demanded.
There was another son. too. whom she
was once called upon to protect, but that
is not so interesting to Californlans a9
this boy. whose life was mixed with the
ancestors of three princesses of Cali
fornia.
There Is credit In being a Napoleonic
prince, even if the house was new and
the reign short, for during tho time of
Napoleon every member of his family was
In the furnace from the cradle to the
grave. Some of them never even reached
the cradle, but. Ilk© Kasper Hauser, were
changed, as were the children. In the
Arabian Nights, and monsters substituted.
In their places. All to the end that the
world - devouring dynasty of Napoleon
might sink as suddenly as it rose.
It is not a century yet since the fall oC
Napoleon, arid there are those In Franco
and here In America who predict that the
centenary of Napoleon's power will again
see a Napoleon on the throne of Franco,
and mlEht It be possible
Well, strange things happen. Perhaps
some California girls may be sorry that
they didn't marry a prince.
rarnir.g- B. H. Dibblee of Ross, who, al
though a graduate sir.ee last June, is still
connected with tho athletic life of the
college by virtue, of his position as head
coach of the varsity eleven— a position
which h*» wi'.! hold next full for the sec
ond season. Dibbiee's interests at Har
vard were numerous. In his freshman
year, entering college from Groton School,
he played football on his freshman eleven,
rowed bow in his fre.-hman eight, which
wen the class races, an-J played third base
on his class r^ine. In his sophomore year
he continued playing on the class base
ball team, and was a substitute on the
varsity eleven, which he made, at left
halfback, the following year, and was
elected captain at the close of the season.
As captain of the Harvard football team
nothing can be F^Id of DIbbloe which has
rot already been echoed and re-echoed
throughout the country. He succeeded In
picking an eleven which defeated Tale for
the first time In many years. In the fol
lowing sprir.fr DIbblee played right field
on the varsity nine, and at graduation
held the coveted po?t of marshal.
IMbblee was also prominent In club
circles at Harvard, bring a member of the
Institute of 1770. the D. K. E., the Hasty
Pudding, the Delta Phi. the Signet, and
that exclusive organization the names
even of whose members are not made pub
!!c. the Porcellian Club. As head coach
for the varsity eleven last fall Dibble*
proved highly Fatisfactory. his Intimate
knowledge of the game and of many of
the men composing the team enabling
him to produce an eleven which was only
prevented from scoring on Yale last fall
liy the surprisingly vigorous brace which
the New Hav«n athletes took when Har
vard had pushed them down to within a
i^ot cf the goal. Dlbblee will return to
Harvard in the fall to continue his duties
a.« head coach.
Of the California boys who are r.ow
actually participating j n t h e activities of
Harvard life, however, probably the most
prominent by virtue of his great ability
Is William T. Belfl of Belraont, a son of
the principal of the Belmont school. Reid
cr.tered Harvard from the Belmont School
In the fall of '37. and at once took a
prominent part !n the athletic activities
of his class. On his freshman eleven at
fullback he had the satisfaction of de
feating the Yale freshmen, and a year
later he experienced a similar satisfaction
as fullback on the varsity eleven. Last
fall be played fullback in the Pennsyl
vania arid Yale games, but was Incapaci
tated durir.g most of the season by a
severe wrenching of the ankle which he
received in a practice game. At the close
cf the football reason, however, Reid was
PUSgested * or tne captaincy of the eleven
for the fall of 1D0) and only missed elec
tion by a single vote. Much of this re
sult was produced bj the fact that Reid
had already boon elected captain of the
varsity nine for this spring 1 and It was
felt that the duties of both positions'
would be too great for one person to bear.
At baseball Reid has had a similarly en
viable reputation. In his freshman year
his ability v.ith the glove behind the bat
was early recognized and he caught for
his class nine throughout the spring. In
the following year he was the most prom
lsir.g candidate for that position on the
varsity nixie, a post 'which he succeeded
irJ •winning and filling with gTeat Eatis
fjt2"rlncfs. At the conclusion of the
third Yale game last July in New York,
la which Harvard won the series. Reid
Reid has brought to light has ever been
seen at Harvard before. His plan seems
destined to be as successful as it >was
original.
Reid is a member of many clubs at Har
vard, chief of which are tho Institute of
1770, an organization of the most promi
nent men in the class; the D. IC E., or
"Dickey," as it is more familiarly called,
the Digatnma Club, and the Hasty Pud
ding. His tact, good nature and many
t-plendid qualities make him probably the
best-liked fellow in college.
Although Reid stands almost alone
among California boys at Harvard, by
reason of his varied talents, there are
many others, some of the younger genera
tion of students, who seem destined to be
nearly If not equally prominent. Among
them is Oscar Fulton Cooper of San
Francisco, of the class of 1902. Cooper,
like Reid, became prominent in his fresh
man year, when he played on his fresh
man football eleven. Since then he has
played on the varsity squads as end rush
and may make the team before he leaves
college. He Is a member of the Institute,
the Dickey and the Phi Delta Fsi. His
room is on Mount Auburn street, near
the center of student activity.
Another San Francisco boy at Harvard
Is Philip Bancroft, son of Hubert Howe
Bancroft, the author and publisher.
Young Bancroft is the third of three sons
of the family who has gone East to
school and college, his elder brothers hav
ing graduated from Phillips Kxeter Acad
emy* and from Harvard last year. Phil
Bancroft seems destined to fall In the
spheres of interest in which his brothers
were engaged, for he has already become
a member of the Harvard Gun Club and
is competing in the shoots for the Ban
croft cup, given by his older brother to be
ehot for by the members of the club. The
Bancroft cup Is a well-known institution
at Harvard, which has' already stimulated
wider interest in shooting among college
Etudents.
Another representative of California,
who comes from a different part of the
State, is William Mtrrlam Chadbourne of
Los Angeles, in the senior class. Chad
bourne has all-round talents. As an
oarsman he has often represented the
Weld Boat Club in the races held on the
Charles River; as a lacrosse player he
was a member of last year's Harvard
team, playing at second defense. Chad
bourne is not merely an athlete, how
ever. Recognition of his high grade in
scholarship has already been made by his
election to the Phi Beta Kappa, among
the first In scholarship of his class. In
addition to this honor Chadbourne Is vice
president of the Delta Upsilon Society,
which represents at Harvard, more than
anywhere else, scholarship and literary
influences.
As a member of this society Chadbourne
participated in the annual theatricals
HOW many girls In California would
not marry a Prince?
Hands up and count them.
Who was the most princely
Prince of all Europe.
Napoleon, of course.
W'hat has become of his family, once
the proudest In the world?
One of them has just married a Call
fornla girl, here In California, too.
Prince Carlos August Frederick Henry
Murat, grandson of Murat. the Princo of.
Ponte Corvo, and Caroline Bonaparte, the
youngest sister of Napoleon— that is tho
tltle and lineage of the groom.
The bride is Juliet Scheltema, a Call-
worked, would never have been Kin? of
Naples had he not made a friend of Mne.
Bonaparte, the future Empress Josephine.
and through the Influence which she had
over the Directory the brave ami deserv
ing Murat was advanced In rank to brtg
adler general.
This was not all of the good fortune
that came from his friendship with the
beautiful American, fnr Josephine, born
j n the West Indies, could be called noth
jug else. From the gond Impression which
n j ? character made upon her came his
marriage with Napoleon's sister. Caro
line. It seems certain that Napoleon,
placed more confluence in Caroline and
Murat than In any other cf his family, as
an incident will show. Two other an
cestors of CaMforn'a pr!rces?sses were in
directly connected with it.
The lady In tho case (there always waa
one wherever Napoleon w;is concerned)
was the wife of a Polish ncblemnn. a
member of the Culonna family, one of
was unanimously elected captain for the
ppring of 1MK).
In carrying out the duties of his posi
tion Reiu has evolved a new system
which will probably become a permanent
feature of the baseball system at Har
vard in the future. Tic began by making
a room-to-room canvass, asking every
man who had cvor played baseball be
frire to come out as a candidate for the
varsity nine. In this manner Reid se
cured over 303 candidates, whom he sort
ed, shifted, and formed into squads. The
result of the system cannot yet be fairly
juucctl, the season at Harvard having
only just begun, but no such material as
/?=3 ALTFORNLVS tons at Harvard
rr.ivcrpity. although few r.umer-
Vs=^ ua'ly, enjoy the happy distinction
of prominence !n collcsre activities
pui ol all proportion to their number?. Al
though there are. but little more than a
Fcrre of thorn, they aro found actively cn
gaced In Vnc- front r;:r.ks of the literary.
BOdal. drastic ar.d athletic work
of the university. One is captain
of the h.isoTra'I nine, a noted foot
p'aycr and probably one of
the most famous Intercollegiate ath
}oi>~s ir. *he country; another is a noted
*$:ot In ;hc Harvard Gun Club; a third is
er. oarsman, a lacrosse player and a col
legiate debater: still others are known
best for their membership in exclusive
clubs sr.J the social activities of a great
university. Nearly every enc is prom
ln»r.t In rone line of activity and a num
ber In many.
Mention of Califnrrla boys at Harvard
can hardly be made, however, without
CALIFORNIA BOYS AT HARVARD
AND NOW
THEY LIVE LEARN AND PLAY
WEDS A DESCENDANT OR NAPOLEON
AND BF.COMES
THE LATEST CALIFORNIAN PRINCESS
which he left In 1S94. He is a popular fel
iowj with a decided leaning toward the
profession he has adopted. Baldwin at
present lives at DO Brattle street, in the
row of houses which in Revolutionary
days v.-as called "Torv Row.*"
Edward Whiting Howard of San Fran
cisco is in the senior class at Harvard.
His main activity beyond the sphere of
strictly college work lias been lacrosse,,
he having played third attack on the
varsity team for several years. He lives
on Massachusetts avenue, opposite the
college yard.
Joseph Leo Lilienthal, '03, Is another
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
Count de Cardi, after many years* study,
has given to the world some curious in
formation in regard to the customs of the
r'lrroes who inhabit tlie delta of the
Niger. Amongr their human sacrifices, he
eajs, young girls occupy the most hon
ored places. They are at regular period *
offered up to the gods, and instead <>t
shrinking from their horrible doom they
cccept it with pride and gratitude. Noth
ing is refused to these girls while they aro
alive. If one of them sees a handsome
dress or ornament on a woman and e.x
proFEes a desire to have it the woman
must give it to her. Men are also sacri
ficed, though not for religious reasons.
Curious Customs of
the Niger Delta.
and they welcome death as eagerly as the*
girls. Count de Cardi once tried to save
one of these victims, but instead of thank
ing him the men reviled him so bitterly
tor interfering and scolded the bystanders
so hourtily for delaying to carry out the
sentence that they promptly stopped his
mouth by killing him.
The worst, insult which one woman can
offer .to another. Is, to hold out the right
15To a few of his most intimate , friends
Eastham has shown his tattoo marks.
One on his left leg is of the 'famous fe
male pirate, Fanny Campbell. On hia
right arm is the picture, "A Sailor's Re
turn." Both were done by Martin Hllde
brandt. a ship companion. These marks
he is very reluctant to show, and will only
do bo after a great deal of persuasion.
Since his discharge in 1S56 he has mado
several eea voyages, but has had to glvo
It up on account of poor health. He has
applied for a pension a number, of times,
but has not received it. Congressman
Metcalf has taken up "his case and will
push It to a definite settlement.
n«C nry bright day one may see a
little old man. familar to most of
\z^ the residents of Berkeley, with
sailor jacket, straw hat and dark
blu<« trousers, wending his way with
Ftick in hand along the business thor
oughfares. There is a jaunty air about
him. and a stranger would Immediately
class him a sailor. He is even more, be
ir.g adventurer and wairior as well. There
is something in his general appearance
which speaks of the salt water. He is
greeted familiarly on all sides with
"Hello. Captain." or "Good morning. Cap
tain," and up goes his hand in salute.
Every one knows him, and upon inquiry
will tell you that he is Captain Eastham,
¦who served under Commodore Perry In
his famous expedition to Japan. That is
all they know of him. as it is not often
one can get him to talk of himself and
his experiences.
"Captain " Henry S. Eastham lives with
his sister :n a modest little cottage at
2113 Kittredge street. Berkeley. He is
only €S years old. but diseases contracted
in that hard campaign in Eastern waters
have crippled him so that he is compelled
to be under continual medical treatment.
He is the typical "salt" of the old school.
Kverythir.g he says has the true nautical
ring. Though extremely modest and
reticent in speaking of his part in the
deeds of that famous old commander.
Commodore Perry, he is affable on anv
other subject. He has encircled the globe
several times, and is thoroughly convers
ant with the history of all nations. Al
though small of stature and crippled,
there remain signs of an exceedingly act-
Jve life. His eyes flash as the old mem
ories come floating back to him, and
often there seem? t obe an overshadowing
radness which creeps into his reminis
cences — probably the thought of neglect of
him by his Government.
The following interesting story of hard
ships, exciting encounters and narrow es
cape* Is told in "Mr." Kastham's— as he
prefers to be called— own words:
"I was born in New Bedford. Mass.. on
Octol>er 13, 1534. Both my father and
grandfather were seafaring men. my
father brine captain of a brig when 1
left home. I contracted the fever for ad
venture when very young, and on my
thirteenth birthday shipped as cabin boy
or a South Sea trader. After serving a
passage on her and arother ship I was
given the berth of pj^ond mate on the
old Richmond. It was at Point de Gall.
Island of Ceylon, that she changed crews.
end many of us received our discharge
at that port. That was in 1S33. I hadn't
been living there long when in came the
Mississippi. Commodore Perry's flagship,
In command of Captain Lee. She had lert
the rest of the fleet, arsd was calling at
a number of ports enlisting men. When I
learred of the purposes of the expedition
end the opportunities for one of my ad
venturous temperament. I shipped then
and there. I went in as an ordinary
eallor. and never rose higher, as 1 did
not intend to stay in the navy after the
purposes of the expedition had been ac
complished. There were over <00 men
in the crew of the Mississippi, the most
mixed crowd I ever pot into.
"We headed directly for Hongkong,
which was to be the fleet's headquarteds
while in the East. In the fleet there were
ten ships. Including several /storeships.
The history of the expedition every one
le familiar with. Commodore Perry was
rent by the United States Government to
open the ports of Japan. They had been
clo^d to other nations for some time.
England rndeavored to force an opening,
but failed. It was through Perry and his
fine diplomacy in winning the Japanese
Emperor by kind acts that the ports
•were thrown open to the world. It took
four months to <Jo it. but not a shot was
flr«*d. and peaceful rela.lions between this
country and Japan were established and
continued.
•TV> epent one year in those waters
chaelng pirates, at that time in the height
of their crimes. But I am getting ahead
of my story. /
"During the time we lay at Hongkong
there was considerable amusement. After,
when the weather and our duties permit-
ted, we indulged in boat-races between
our ships and the Knglish. I had the
distinction of King a member of a crew
that won the championship from all our
other ships and tho%o of the English. I
was always fond of rowing, and it was
throug my ability to handle the oars well
that I was picked as one of the twelve In
the crew of Perry's barge. My youth and
activity won me the place in the crews as
signed to 'pirate chasing."
"This Government chartered a 30-to:i
steamer named Queen. Captain Preble
and a crew of fifty were assigned to her.
I .was one of the fortunate ones. The
Queen was so small that she could run
in all the shallow bays and rivers after
the piratical junks. It was our first voy
age, I think, in the little craft that we
had our first encounter with the Chinese.
It was while, on a cruise from Maco to
Hongkong, and while passing a little
island, that we were surprised by the
pirates. It was in the early afternoon, as
we were leisurely steaming past this
island, that some of the friendly Chinese
came out to us in boats and warned us
against the nest of pirates on the island.
Their warning was not understood by any
ol us except the Chinese pilot, who, when
Captain Preble gave the command to
steam in shore, took refuge under a
bench. We had to threaten him with his
life before he would direct the course of
the steamer. We landed a part'" which
was immediatfly fired upon by the pi
rates, who outnumbered us ten times.
Seeing we could do nothing against such
eddf.' m took to the boats and went for
re-enforrcme:its. Here is where I had my
first experience with a shot. I was work
ing on one of the forward guns, when a
solid shot fell on the deck within a yard
or two of me. I attempted to pick it up.
intending to heave it overboard. I droppcl
it qu'eker than wink, and you can bet I
never touched another hot one. I did not
use my hands for some time afterward.
As soon as re-enforcements were secured
ihe town was stormed, a number of pris
oners captured and several guns taken.
"A few weeks I3ter we received word
that an English ship, with crew and pas
sengers, had been taken by pirates, among
<l:e latter a French actress. They were
raid to be at St. Johns Island.
"We formed a joint expedition with the
Knglish and sraiied for the island. Here
¦we had enough experience? to make a vol
ume by itself. The landing party was
under the command of Lieutenant Ran
<!o!f. one of our newest officers. I don't
know where he received his experience,
but certainly never with sailor?. The fort
on the islaml was booming at us as we
were landing by the boatful, and thera
was general excitement and hurry. As
soon as we pot ashore the lieutenant or
dered us to fall in and march as an in
fantry company. The men rebelled. They
dropped their cannon and left them to be
hauled by the marines. In an instant we
were all off for the post, yelling like In
dians. We stormed the fort and cap
tured over sixty prisoners. Of course our
broach of discipline was reported to
Perry, who, though showing no signs of
encouraging such methods, refused to
punish us. Ho knew our wild spirit and
made allowance for us. As I said, we
captured the fort and relieved the im
prisoned crew and passengers of the fated
Englishman.
"It was while carrying off the spoils of
war that I came as near losing my life as
I ever want to. "Scotty* Adams of the
Macedonian and I were carryirg a gun
carriage through the streets of the cap
tured town when we were ambushed. A
shot took Adams' head clean off his body
and I felt spattered brains on my back.
At that grewpome sight I felt faint and
had hard work to make tho rest of our
column. The shot was so unexpected that
Adams" death called for an investigation.
I was questioned and my pistols exam
ined. They believed we had words and I
had killed him. I was exonerated from all
blame, however.
"After one or two similar engagements
I was taken sick and sent home. I 'was
so incapacitated that thoy.hn'-w I would
not be any more good on that cruise. I
was transferred from the Mississippi to
the Powhattan, and from -her to the War
ren, which discharged mq at Mare Island
Navy-yard in 1855.
"The history of that expedition has
often been told, and the love of the sail
ors for Commodore Perry has also been
written, so that I can only add my mite
to his memory. He was loved and cher
ished by us all. There was no air of
haughtiness about him. His motto was,
•The sailor first, the officer afterward.' "
SHE had big. wondering black eyes
and long ringlets that were black
too, and shining, like the wing of a
raven; her face was beautiful and
oval and her figure lithe and young. She
wore oddly draped old gowns and looked
as If she might have stepped out of one of
the ancient portrait frames that hung in
the hall of the old Virginia home. Her
name was Elizabeth Thompson, and she
was 17.
Now her name Is Elizabeth Lord and she
Is 62: not lithe and young, but pitiably
bent and old. She wears a twisted, queer
old black hat and a somber, old brown
shawl. She goes about every day frdm
one place to another upon a very queer
quest Indeed.
Every one around the Middle Mission
knows her— the crazy old woman who is
looking for her husband.
"Is R. C.'Lord here?" she will ask as
she pokes her head in at the door of a
corner grocery. And when they tell her
that he is not she will further satisfy her
self of the fact by going through to tha
back and taking a peep In at the saloon.
Then she smiles and goes away. And her
way is a very regular one. She goes to the
same houses and business places every
day, and once a week she walks all the
way down to the Battery street postofflce
to ask If there Is a letter for Mrs. R. C.
Ix)rd from her husband. The new post
offlce Is one of the places on her visiting
list, and the men at work on the big slabs
of granite in the yard of the building hav«
grown to expect her.
"Howdedo?" she cays, gree/Ing them
with a smile. "Have you seen Mr. Lord
about here to-day?"
And some of the men will take off their
hats and scratch their heads thoughtfully,
saying that they don't believe they have,
which is very true, for Robert C. Lord has
not been seen or heard of these thirty long
years.
Thirty years— that is a long time: a long,
long time for a woman to be searching for
her husband. But Elizabeth Lord has
sought every day since he deserted her.
"Robert went away." she says. "He
went away Just after breakfast, and he
has not come home, so I thought I would
run around here and see if I could find
him. He always loved me in the old days,
did Robert. He thought the world of his
Bess, an' he wouldn't stay away. Oh, no;
he will come back."
Sometimes she imagines he has already
returned, and she will never sit down to
her dinner at her sister's home In the Mis
sion without first going to the sitting-room
door and calling, "Robert. Robert, dinner
is ready; come on, dear."
In the old days "on the Virginia farm,
when Bessie Thompson was the beautiful
daughter of a proud old Southern familyr
Robert Lord came down from the North
and sought her out. "When the sun's rays
shone slanting across the tobacco fields
she would wander with him down to the
old road gate and while the birds hushed
their twitters in the trees Robert Lord
would tell her many things that were
pleasant to hear.
"And, Bessie, rogue." he would say, "we
will go out 'West an' we'll make a home
. . i
for ourselves in the new country. Ton
must na' say me no, for you've tangle. l
up my heart among: your ringlets. Boss,
an* I canna' get It free again."
"An* would you. If you could?" It was
the roguish Bess that asked, and ho must
have answered the catechising to her sat
isfaction, for they came away Into tha
new country and the home-making* te
gan.
But It did not last. Robert grew tired
of toiling, and perhaps he grew tired of
his wife, for he took to dissipating, and
there 'were nights when Bessie sat up far
Into the night, alone by her fireside, rock-
Ing slowly In the big rocking-chair, wait
ing. And Robert found out how to win
and lose money by playing reckless
games, bo the little home dwindled aw iy
and one day tha Sheriff cams and took
what was left of. It. Then Robert Lord
took his wife to her sister and went away.
"Where h« went he has never written to
say, and whether he Is alive or dead lm
an unanswered question.
When he did not return, and tha days
kept going by, Bessie began to act queer
ly, and the big mournful eyes were often
filled with tears. One. day they noticed
that she had lost the worried look. It
was when she came In ona moxnlca
dressed to go out.
"I am going down to th« grocery ansl
look for Robert," she said and went cut
of the house. Since then. sh« has neve?
ceased to seek for him, and sho nave?
worries or frets. It Is to her as If fc*
has gone out for an hour or ao. and la
always coming back.
• "He wa» not at the postofflce," she an-.
nounces. "Tha men «ay they hava not
seen him. The furniture man says ha was
there yesternight, but he has not baezx
there to-day. I came homo to lunch, then
I will go again."
She looks for him In Queer places— cf i
cellars, dingy basements, sometimes In
back yards and up in tho lofts of th*
Mission Junk shops. If there Is any open
in? left In the fences, or a side gate ajar,
she walks in, peering around, and If azy
one appears she asks Innocently. "Havo
you seen Robert?"
The old brown shawl and the queer
black hat and dress have been many yeard
In service. Sha will wear no others. Sh-t
has a black silk dress, fearfully and won
derfully made, at home in her closet, but
It is reserved for the coming of Robert,
and the rest of her wardrobe is carefully
preserved with mothballs among her be
longings In her neatly kept little rocm.
In vain does her sister persuade. Sha
will not change her apparel.
"I will keep this on. Just now., and I win
dress up when Robert comes back," sha
says, and there la no changing her mini.
So they have ceased to argue with her,
""and left her to her own way. She gees
patiently about; over her regular route,
with the same question always on her lips
and she always receives the same reply.
The commissioners have pronounced her
harmless, and her wanderings are never
Interfered with. She walks miles each tlay
over the cobblestones and sidewalks,
never growing weary or losing patier.ee.
The man she seeks has perhaps forgotten
her long ago. If he still lives, and there lj
little In the face or figure of the stooped
old woman to suggest the youth and grac<»
of roguish black-eyed Bess, but her heart
is still young, and the kindly veil of in
sanity hide3 from her the sorrow *nd des
olation of her own position. With, tha
passing of the years the patient little
woman grows older aa/i older, and some
time her dally visits will be left out of
the routine of daily happenings out In the
Middle Mission. The people out there will
perhaps wonder what has become of the
old woman with the brown shawl and tha
twisted old hat; maybe they will think
she has found her husband, or given up
the search. But ehe will do neither of
these while she lives. XAX BTXBEE.
THE' SUNDAY CALL.
16
Pathetic story of the old woman
who was searched
for her hushand for years
TELLS THE STORY OF WHAT
HE SAWWHEN HE
SAILED TO JAPAN WITH PERRYcannot work any longer. I can only think
of that pale face, from which life seems
to be llowlng feverishly through the
eyes." . ¦ .
While Tinka had been speaking the two
travelers had heard for some moments
childish lisping and laughter in the next
room, separated from tnetn by a simple
sliding partition. The sound of little hur
rying footsteps running across the floor
and pursuing one another was heard.
Then the door suddenly opened and the
little rosy, curl surrounded faces of Car
ola and Ida appeared, emerging from the
long nightgowns held up by their little
hands. They rushed Into the room, cry
ing "Mamma! Mamma!" and stopped,
rendered dumb by the sight of two
strangers.
"These are my children," said Tinka.
quietly. "That js Carola,, the elder, and
this one is Ida."
Pirnltz and Frederique kissed them. Ida
looked at the two women fixedly. Carola,
pouting, hid her face In the white sleeves
of her nightgown. Tinka led them away,
saying, "Good-night."
And she went out. Then Frederique,
heart-broken, fell into an armchair, rest
ing her head upon Plrnttz's bosom.
"Romalne! Komalne!" she sobbed. "I
have killed Lea. But for me she would
have been Georg's wife long ago, and none
of all the troubles that have broken her
health would have happened!"
The days passed— thosa days of waiting
that petrify the life of an entire house
hold around the bedside of an lnralid. No
outbreak of affection reconciled Lea with
Frederique and Pirnitz. After having
longed for them she appeared to have lost
all interest In their presence, as though
they were there by chance without her
having asked for them. When they came
to sit near her bed Lea became silent and
barely responded to their questions. She
fixed her eye*, blazing with fever, upon
them as though she would make them un
derstand without speaking the eecrat re
proaches she made to them.
Very soon she no longer went beyond
the narrow limits of her bedroom and par
lor. Her feebleness even prevented her
taking the afternoon promenades. From
the moment that she was thus conflne.1 to
the house ?he insisted upon Georg btlng
near her day and night, and abandoned
little by little any attempt at feminine co
quetry before nim. She let him see her
In all the wretchedness of her physical
collapse. She even dwelt upon it with In
sistence.
When L,ea desired to alone, or after
she had retired, watched by Edith, in the
evening Georg would take refuge with
Tinka. 'More than ever he treasured the
aftection of this sister of his. body and
soul— an affection "that had accompanied
him throughout his life from infancy, an
affection that was more than fraternal
and perfectly pure! i
"It is not death that is dreadful, Tln-
Ua " he said to her. "Death is the repose
and Immobility that we admire and love
in surrounding things. Death, in its de
flnltivtr tranqullity. Is as beautiful as life
in its action and movement. That which
is frightful, hateful, is the struggling of
life with death. It is the perishing of ex
istence, convulsed with shocks, embittered
with rancor, as it changes into the repose
that it refuses to accept."
One morning at the beginning of Octo
ber, just at the moment that h.dlth hav
ing* put the room in order, was going to
summon Georg. as usual. Lea drew her to
ward her and said:
"Edith. I want you to write to Freder
ique and Pirnltz:' 1
* "Oh! dearest/' returned Edith, "I will
do it wlth r pleasure. I should have writ
ten long ago had I not feared to displease
you It seemed to me that I had no right
to interfere. What shall I say to them?"
"Tell them that If they still love me
they 'will leave everything and come to
me. Otherwise"— her voice died away in
htir throat for an instant— "otherwise they
will never seo me again." ¦"
Lea had thought over this project for
more than a week. She had thought of
it when in her pony carriage, when sit
ting upon the benches in the promenade,
when in the. yellow parlor conversing with
the surrounding objects. .
Tinka undertook to warn Frederique,
while Edith wrote to Pirnltz and told her
In her precise manner, sprinkled with
fiious quotations, the lamentable wander
ng» of Lea in London. Tinka described
very sincerely the hopeless condition of
the invalid. ¦ ¦'/¦¦¦ '•'<¦'-'¦:
"We aro heart-broken, she said. "It
is now only a Question of days. Lea was
right to tell Edith to urge you to hasten
if you wish to see her again. I do not
know where this letter will find you, or
from what useful and generous work it
will ,tear you, but you must come— you
must!"
They arrived one evening, long after
nightfall. At the moment when they got
out of .the carriage .before the Morley
dwelling groups of women in white
dresses, covered with cloaks, and men In
smoking jackets were ascending Park
Hill road, along the coast, and chatting
precious and rare to her. as though a lit
tle of her slowly fading Individuality re
mained attached to their Iifc!es3 furmri.
She passed noiselessly from 0110 article to
another, examining and touching them.
I, It tie. by little she understood them, dl-
vlned their history and how they bor«
witness of the life of an entire family,
one that was anterior to her arrival there,
one that was continuing around her and
that would live when she had disappeared.
Red curtains had been hung, in addition
to the window blinds in tho bedroom, so
that the sunlight would not wake the in
valid too early, for it Wits in the morn-
Ing that she slept the best. Even when
raised they Imparted a pink tint to the
light, arid£brightehed with a little glow
the white paper, with its largo pale iris.
Her familiar surroundings were imprinted
upon Idea's memory; the iron bed where
she slept, with its line sheets and the two
little oblong pillows with starched lace
edging showing under the lace-covered
counterpane: Edith's little corch by Its
side was folded un in the daytime and
covered with a rug. Lea would stop to
contemplate on the toilet table the two ;
china porcelain bowls and tho big decan
ter-shaped water jugs, also of china
porcelain. She imagined that the captain
had brought them back with him— before
he 'had become the active maniac he was
to-day— when he wan a young, joyous,
brisht-eyed and ruddy s comnlexioned (
sailor, w ; hcn he enjoyed life and loved.
In the parlor the lisht. lemon-colored
wall paper, with a deep frieze at the ceil
ing, imparted a little cheerfulness to the
room, even at sunsets Three pictures
hung on the v.olls— 1 lithographed repre
sentation of .1 child blowing soap bubbles,
the well-known engraving of the English
captains playing ninepins while awaiting
the arrival of the Spanish Armada, and
two dancing odalisques entitled "Flowers
of the East."
Upon the little desk in the corner of
the window on the right before which
Tinka usually sat a blue morocvo leather
ca-lendar. with changeable leaves, was
placed near the blotting paper and pens.
To-day it indicated "Sunday, 7th Novem
ber." without doubt thi; T th of November
of a year that had long since elapsed.
There was also a date book for invitations
upon the desk, but the Morley family had
evidently soon given up this species of
social bookkeeping, for it contained only
ten or a dozen dates.
A third article upon the same desk
often occupied Lea's thoughts during her
moments of voluntary solitude. It was a
little stereoscope of rather primitive form,
accompanied by a red plush box tilled
with views of Italy and Devonshire and ,
also some Interior scenes, which all ap
peared to date from .1 quarter of a cen
tury before, for they were yellowed by
age and the people represented in them
were dressed according to an ancient fash
ion. Several were enhanced by a Uttle .
adroit coloring. One showed two girls slt-
Qcorg Jfeld £ea's Jfand.
tion of very pretty and amusing Japanese
vomen, with their clumsy shoes, draped
in showy, stiff brocaded silks. Upon the
first page of the album waa written:
I Presented to I
j ¦ CAPTAIN JOHN MOP.LEY, |
j With Kindest Regards From |
j CAl'TAIN AND MRS. -ROBINSON. |
! Yokohama, Japan, 20th September, 1873. |
I : _ *
l.ea lived in the society of the liliputian
furniture, the Japanese album, the carved
wood Tower of Habel, the stereoscope, the
pictures und porcelains. This history of
living and dead people related by the
objects around her in articles not her own
—articles that had received her with in
difference, as they had already received
so many passing visitors— Irritated and
yet attracted her. But she waa partic
ularly interested in an oblong book which
she found upon one of the three-legged
tables, containing a number of old views
of Torquay. They were very good wood
engravings, and represented the port, the
towii, the favorite promenades, at an
epoch when Torquay was not as extensive
as it i3 to-day. The women were dressed
in wide, spreading skirts and polonaises,
the men In nantceen trousers, narrow
wrxistcd morning coats and rather pointed
high silk hats. And even at that epoch
the little pony carriages were pictured In
the engravings, and in the carriages the
sad pale face that seemed to be the mere
reproduction of those, to be seen dally In
Torquay at that moment. Yet the book
was dated 1S6S. • . ;
"Thirty years!" thought Lea. "Where
are the people that the artist took for
models when he drew those Invalids In the
pony carriages?"
Thirty years! The dreadful certainty
that in"thirty years she would be not even
the absentee whose loss Is mourned, but a
poor, forgotten dead creature, engulfed In
eternity beyond which the lives of others
rejoin and continue, filled her heart with
melancholy.
"Thirty years! Others of 127 age to
day will still be living In tnlrty years.
And I? And I?"
She cast an eager glance around the
room and upon the watery landscape
which she saw from the window. Her
desire became keener to see the light, the
rocfts, the sea, the trees, even the humble
objects around her.
The weather began to Improve slowly In
the early days of October. Pale rays of
sunlight emerged through the drapery of
clouds. The sea changed in color, .was
more stormy, but of a deeper blue. Finally
a day dawned with scarcely a trace of
mist. And then the sun came out with. its
full strength, drying the pavement of the
BOOK THE THIRD.
Copyrighted— CHAPTER VI— Continued,
cjv? T that moment they loved all that
_)\ they had endured; they under
'i V> stood why so many trials were
r.eccssary. They had suffered In
the fhort cycle of their youth all that
masculine and feminine humanity
must suffer during a long succession of
years— of centuries, perhaps — in order to
elevate themselves to the conquest of
KjUii! r:phts. They were mature with all
t'.ie maturity of successive generations.
]irs;'.!.> had chosen them. Beginning in
ignorance of love, in a sort of shy purity,
they had known the heroism of con
science and of Immolation to Idea. Sepa
r&tior. had made them suffer in their flesh
and blood. They had undergone cruel,
satiable desire and had quivered with re
beliton. They had crossed like a desert
the period of hostile solitude predicted by
the r?et. in which the two sexes should
repaid each other from a distance with
ar.ger.
Then, breaking her bonds one day, the
Woman had rejoined the Man. the Bride
had ascended her Mount Calvary toward
the Bridegroom. And when she fell in his
arms she was bruised and bleeding with
the asperities of the road. For some time
they had not recognized one another, but
finally to-day they were face to face, free
and conscious of their freedom. For the
Jirst time they understood the lesson and
the symbol contained in their own past.
They read in each oth-.-r's eyes the will to'
yield willingly and to conquer without
violence. They were perfectly equal, in
the liberty of the legendary I'aradise. thtj
only Man and only Woman in nature.
Their lips, which had karned by heredity
to kiss, were united as upon that evening
at Richmond. Kul to their astonishment,
instead of the troubled joy that had then
overwhelmed them, they tasted the peace
of cool, pure water qudichinp their thirst.
They kissed and then :«garded each Other.
They locked aroun<i the spot that had
¦witnessed their transfiguration— the rocky
terrace with its rulntu chapel, the Circle
of the flower covlred vault, and through
the crumbling ¦window tho vast sea which
the mid<iay turned into a sheet of liquid
copper.
*i>jok:" said Geors.
He pointed to the horizon. The livid
band h;:d disappeared, but heavy clouds
were ri.sirr? in its place. All the west was
already invaded by them. In these sup«r
posed. Eiowly moving clouds their gREe
sought, as always, the forms of reality.
A dream city, more resplendent than any
architectural construction. nu\t stood out
against the glowing sky and displayed
the orb of its domes, the shafts of its
columns. Its naves and the pediments of
its temples. Avenues converged toward
triumphal arches. The galleries of the
palaces were prolonged beyond hirge
porticos. The two lovers pressed cheek
ttgninst cheek, mingled their respiration
and bclteld with rapture this idea; city
grown iiuo tteing at the very moment
when they themselves felt as though old
Fca!(«, s:>lit asunder, fell from them ami
crumbled into dust at their feet. And
the city was not born at sunset of even-
Ing's lading purple, but at noon — was
built In sunlight. Hallucinated by too
much light Georg and Lea soon perceived
nothing save that expanse of shimmering
copper and the city which seemed to be
its pigaritic offspring. Distance was abol
ished in the mirage reflected from sjiy
and sea. They seemed to live among the
clouds grouped j n montunenta. Their
eyes, •rhich closed fatigued with the li»;ht.
retained Its image upon the retina. And
they were united, conscious of b«in? the
jm -destined inhabitants of this future" city
¦rhicfa w;is btine edlAeed around them.
L.ong after Gvorg h:nl pushed on* the
boat from the rock with the oar and he
and l>?a were vailing again toward the
Coast, they were still benumbed by their
heroic end voluptuous dream. \Vas it
li'-ar midnight or midday'.' They <lid not
know and the sun no longer gave them
any indication. The banked up clouds
•which had formerly imaged a city in tho
wrest had melted ;iway slowly, reduced to
a nn of gloomy dust little by Uttle,
covering the em ire surface of the sky.
Other clouds were now rising slowly, like
Shreds <-f black crape, dotted with masses
of livid nn,ike lower down toward tho
horizon. They were all alike and seemed
Ftill undecided jis to the point where they
would unite. Some were motionless, ap
parently lijctd to the celestial vault;
others glided ainns rapidly. ;is though an
imated with Independent life. The wave
less sea began to bristle with while fur
rotro.
Georg put all h!s strength into his row
ing. Idea's pallor alarmed him. althougn
she <=ir.i!ed at him and displayed no trace
of foar.
"You do not feoJ ill, dearest?? ho ssked.
Bbe Kbook ber bead. Kelttter th«- gloomy
af-pt-ct of the water nor the threatening
Btona which usually so terrified her could
arouse ber from the upell that bound her.
They BOOa reached the coast ami the little
port at the foot of the cliff.
"Let u~ waik quickly now." said Georg.
When tie had pulled the boat up otl tho
beach sud had fastened the chain to th>-.
ring th<>y srrambled up the path toward!
the plain. Wh.-n they were about halt
way I/a stopped.
"How beautiful it is. 1.00k!"
Th* surface of the crater was becoming
paler and mote reslleftS, the sky dotted
like a panthex'M skin. Near tiie horizon 01.
the risrht rays of a strange electric sun
light tjrnke through th«- ceiling of clouds
and gleamed upon the distant sea, already
tossing in fur)-.
"Make haste, I pray you!" cried Georg,
CneSinS h!s= vriJVr away.
"But we shall never have time to rea h
Torquay before the storm breaks/' she
replied, still cheerful and enjoying hi*
anxious KTlp as though it dad been a
caresa,
"We arc not going to Torquay. \W will
take shelter in Hissies cottage and let the
storm blow over."
At last they reached the crest of tlie
roc-Us. Ju.'t as they were l«eg-ipnitig to
run, holding each other by th* hand, to
v.aid the* little solitary house, about two
hundred yards nlic-ad. a KUSt of wind from
tlic .~oa bczxmm the plain, maiiintf
Ijc-.is, Hj'.rt.s Qap around her like a Hag
and scatterins over thi-m the- lirst pui-
VCTized drop* of an icy cold rain. A min
ute 'atcr they reasbod the cottage.
Oecrs tried the door, but it was fast
rne£ Its pisnk* were as white as dried
bone and bait bidden l>y the ptone step
at t!:o entrance. Th« entire house, in fact.
»;n ti-y that It migrl-.t haw been Inhabited
by dwiirfs, nre?<-nl<-«i an aspect of decrepit
old :ige and K-etnod to ho slowly sinking
into Hip earth. The fuchsias in the hedges
u.uil the duyranUmBUBn tied in vertical
bunches swaye.) wiMly about in the rain,
while the petals «>f the Bt:;sal rosts flut
tered down the wind.
"IUt;:ie: Bissden cried Georg. ha:nrr.er
$.-.:,- upon the door v.itli his ust.
They h*-nr<3 a hoarse muttering- inside,
ftccornpanied by tho sound of unsteady
[ootEteva. Georg sheltered Lea a« v.cll us
he eoui<l. She only laughed, aayln**:
"Uon't br- iiXr.iitl. I feel <juile well."
At last the door opened, and an old
woman in a black cashmere dress and
black bonnet examined tho two travelers
v.itj; a vacant «-ye. Her face was curiously
¦wrinkled, f.rhon !iuc-<1 and livid. She woke
up suddenly when she recopnized Georjj.
"Oh! good afternoon, sir. Come in
«;ukkly. What are you doing out Jn such
weather?"
"Have vou n fire nr.fl some Tr.irm tea.
Mother Kate?'" aFk«xl Georg. "This lady
Is cold and wot."
"It is Sunday to-day, nnd we have no
fir<- in the kitchen, Imt I can light one."
"All risht. l<ut make haste. But until
5'ou have lit tho fire you must lend some
r'.othos to my wife and let her lie down
v:j>on your bed. well covered."
"Certainly, sir." said the old woman.
Fho hurried away, rather agitated. turn-
Ins comically from right to left, muttering
B few unintelligible words with which she
probably assisted her falling thought!*.
She took a brown cloth skirt and a shawl
cut of a soMd mahogany wardrobe. They
were card ally wrapped up in a news'
paper, odorous of thyme. With Goorg's
help I>ea jrayly unfastened her shoes,
dress and bodice. An old-fashioned can
ojiy bod, which certainly dated from the
:fin» of Cueen Anne, filled the end of the
littl* parlor. I^a lay down on this hard
ouch, witli a qu!lt<"il coverlet over her
foot. She obeyed Georg in everything,
anxious above al) not to alarm him. al
though she felt some little repugnance for
these articles, vrliich. in spite of their
scrupulous cleanliness, emitted a strange,
pcrsistr-nt odor r,f old age.
"Where is Bissie?" asked Georg.
"Ovrr yonder." replied the old woman.
Indicating the direction with a mavement
<>t her head. "He has gone to see about
sorac work he will have to do to-morrow.
It is for a young foreigner. This is the
season when work begins again. But he
will soon be here again."
She spoke with u vague smile that
starred Her face with deep wrinkles. She
then went Into the kitchen to light the
lire, and from time to time they saw her
reappear, bringing one by one in her trem
bling hands the objects necessary for tho
tea. She laid them on the round table,
covered with a rough white cloth. The
service was of metal, of a rounded, un
common form.
Georg still held Lea's fingers, remarking
with anxiety the fever burning in her
eyc-s. She was Hushed under her chestnut
hair, which seamed brown in the half
Bloom of the room. But her pulse beat
regularly and her skin was cool and fresh.
"1 haw a strong inclination to leave you
In the care of the old woman," said
Ueorg, "and to run to Torquay, or rather
to Saint Mary's Church, which is quite
near. 1 can get a closed carriage to take
us back home."
"Oh. no. Uon't leave me!" she said,
clutching Gecrg's Land. "We are very
comfortable here. You can send Bissle
tor a carriage when he cames in."
He decided that she was right. The rain
was pouring down outside now in torrents.
Through the sliding window, with Its cro
cheted curtains, they saw the rose bushes
and fuchsias waving wildly in the nar
row garden under the gusts of wind. Kate
was very slow. They could hear her heavy
footsteps in the kitchen and the hoarse
sound of her aged voice. Suddenly a
spasm convulsed Lea's features and her
fingers gripped those of her husband. A.
shudder shook her frame in spite of her
efforts to resist it. Her teeth chattered
for several seconds and her limbs
trembled. Georg, in terror, put his arm
around his ¦wife's waist and called:
"Kate! Kate! Make haste, for the love
of heaven! Quick! Bring me some tea!
Some warm tea!"
But the old woman. In spite of her ef
forts to make baste, could not finish her
preparations before the paroxysm had
passed. Still quivering, and with a few
drops of sweat at her temples. Lea drank
two eupa of the hot liquid in rapid suc
cession.
"1 feel better," she said. "Oh! much
bettor. Don't be alarmed. 1 pray you."
And to reassure Georg she said, jok
ingly:
••oreat heavens! how bad this tea is!
It smells old. like everything in the
house."
At that moment the door opened and
Bissie came in. dressed in a suit of broad
cloth. He stopped for a moment at the
sight of Lea lying on the bed with Georg
sitting beside her, but did not speak.
"Here is Mr. Georg and his wife. They
were caucht in the rain, Bissle,** said
Kate. "You must go for a carriage to
take them back to Torquay."
"All right." said the old man.
"Run quick, Bissie," cried Geor.<.
"Here is a sovereip-n."
"Shall I hire the carriage at Samson's,
near St. Mary's Church?" asked the man.
"Hire It where you like, so long as you
bring it quickly, at no matter what
price."
When he had left at a quick pace Lea
felt nor momentary indisposition passing
over. She amused herself with Gt-org in
examining her surroundings, which were
so curious in their decrepitude, and in
looking at the numerous little frames dec
orating the walls like ex-votoa in a
chapel, shiny daguerreotypes, portraits of
reigning sovereigns out out of illustrated
papers, and. above all, a quantity of pho
tographs of tombstones.
Then gradually, in the warmth of the
little room, tho young woman fell asleep.
Geors watched over her. overwhelmed
by an Indefinable anxiety. He clasped
the little hand, which became moist with
perspiration. A fairly long period
passed thus. The old woman came in to
clear the ta»>Ie. but Georg made a siffn for
her to remain in the kitchen and not to
disturb Lea'fl repose. The v.-ind no longer
swept over the fuchsias in the garden
with th*» same violence. The tempest
Was <!y!ni; away in a dense, continuous
rain. \"Jeorg held Lea's hand, and this
little thine: of flesh and blood, so pale and
blue veined, filled him with a profound
trnderners. He touched it with his lips,
wished that all his strength might pene
trate the slender blue veins and tho pulp
of tho flesh. His love, like all great pas
sio:is. was increased by possession. |The
happiness of beinc Lea"« husband now
jjppeared so prodigious that he felt, as a
sort of reaction, a dreadful anguish for
tho future.
Lea uttered a few Indistinct words in
her sleep, then awoke and smiled at
"I am cuite well." she said again, pre
occupied by the desire to reassure him.
They conversed quietly, more at ease in
their mind?.
"Tho eld woman said that Bissle had
ponp to «ee about some wrt for a young
foreigner." said Lea. "What is BIssle's
work?"
CJeorg hesitated.
"He is the gravedljrscr at St. Mary s
Church."
Lea t>id not appear alarmed by the re
ply, but she immediately began to speak
of' something els=r». and asked Georg to
draw Ihe curtain back from the window
"to Kt what kind of weather it was."
The o!d woman appeared at the door of
the room. ... , ,
••I can hear the carriage, she said.
And the wheels were heard grin-ling un
der them the gravel in the road. The
garden eate squeaked on its hinges. Then
Lea. putting her Lipa close to Oeorg's ear.
said to him in a tender. F~rene voice: —
"If I <1Ip here 1 do not wish to be burle .
at Torquay or at St. Mary's Church. 1
want to sleep where we were upon our
ro«-k before the sea!"
CHAPTER VII.
The sun remained hidden behind a bank
nf irrav rlnuds for ffveral long days and
the line drizzllr.g rain fell like a sort of
mist washing rut the view before Dart
moor House. When it stopped for a mo
ment they could perceive a very choppy
pea of a sickly green <-ol<>r. broken by lit
tle dirty while waves. Lea looked out at
this mournful prospect from the three big
windows of tlw sitting-ronm. sometimes
standing, bus more often fitting in Tinka s
armchair before the writing tain- The
port Turk Mill read, the d< pressing bath
ing " establishment, the boats al anchor
daocttifc upon the waves, plowing deeply
to the sea-every thing, in fnc-t. bad an
aspect nt ..nee Rloomy and watery, contin
ually wastif-d by the Inexhaustible down
pour of rain. It sotmed to the young
woman thru all hop.' was lost of ever see-
IrK tho r-Tin again. Was it a hallucination.
ihut southern baj Burropnded with i luxu
riant veniuro; that sunlit, flower bedecked
site which she had formerly contemp.aled
from tt'^se fame windows?
Lea »as not verse than In the Commer
cial Pvoad Hospital, although th« noc
turnal Bweata i'nd nts of suffocation had
btirun {»^-ain. Phe. even suffered less. It
'efmed at though the senses through
which s<he remained in touch with the ex
tc-ior world were dulled and deadened.
There was this difference, however, that
In the tragic hours in the hospital her
nightmare was i^nrnetimes Interrupted, the
veil was torn aside and the patient would
thm perceive a climpse of this dreamland,
this 'uorlzon of sunlight and flowers, se
cretly certain that she would really see it
tome day; whereas to-day the vision
glowed In the past and was slowly effaced
by the mist and rain. Every time Leas
imagination evoked it her heart beat pain
fuliy "It has been." she thought, 'and
will be never as?. In!" She would close her
eyes to try to forget the rain that was
Blowly dissolving her dream.
All "the inhabitants of Dartmoor House
served her with devotion— all from Georg
to little Lizzie and Tinka's fair-haired
children. She obeyed the prescriptions of
the doctor and Edith, was very docile,
went to bed. rose, changed her linen, ate,
took htr potion meekly. But she ac
cepted all their care through gratitude
and to avoid giving pain to those around,
her. Without being able to explain to
herself the reason for her despair, she
no longer believed in the possibility of a
cure frcm the day spent on Glider Rock.
And to hide this certainty from Edith.
Tinka and. above all. from Georg fatigued
her intolerably. She sometimes begged
thr.m to spare her, to leave her alone in
trie two rooms on the first floor, her bed
room and the yellow drawing room, tell
ing them that she was sleepy. But she
really longed to be free from the task of
composing her visage and of watching
over her words and gestures. To be alone!
To be able to think of herself with the
absolute egotism of condemned patients!
To look at herself In the mirror! To trace
the ravages of her illness, to contemplate
her melancholy lot face to face! To weep
over her fate freely like the daughter of
Jephtha. like Iphlgenia. like all young
creatures sentenced to a cruel end!
She knew that her end was near. She
knew that It was necessary not only in
consequence of her present physical col
lapse, but also as part of the natural order
of things. The superhuman moment spent
upon Gilder Rock could not be renewed.
Two beings who had been united in such
ecstatic rapture could no longer live like
ordinary husband and wife to mingle their
conjugal affection with the routine of
commonplace reality. Indisputable evi
dence anirmed this law. and in her secret
heart she accepted It. though she felt a
bitter joy In bewailing her destiny.
She wandered about that domain of a
dying woman, the two rooms on the first
floor where she was* confined by her ill
ness and the Inclemency of the weather.
She examined everything with eager, min
ute attention, just as one tastes with a
more attentive palate the last drops of
some precious liquor. Did she love or hate
these objects? She could not have an
swered, but she regarded them passion
ately. "They are the last things I shall
see," she thought, and tte idea made them
ting at the piano, their young and pretty
mother standing beside them In a brown
silk skirt expanded by the crinoline and
a low-necked bodice, with lace trimming
and bordered by black velvet. The tallest
of the two girls was dressed In blue and
the other in violet. They were represent
ed in a drawing-room with upholstered
furniture of a very decided style. Lea was
fascinated with this view and often re
malned hypnotized looking at it in tha
™reoscope P At the S£ of a few mo!
mpnt<» shR seemed to ba wntrhinp Uvine
Jeopll wh e om e X e had%u 9 rpHtK e fuTCc^
awa?-w«Th sadneL PU8h^ the aPParatUS
"To 7huVk thatThe mother 1* dead " sh«
thought "Vat the llttlaonMar^rt nnd
xnougni, inrti me nine ones are otu anu
that this human resemblance still persists
like a mockery of the graceful form which
has disappeared, devoured by age or
P rogre 8sl vene SS of human
L ifei w£ or « BOtten^' l T, he . n l £ e hod Z is fu " of
health, irnposed its tragic reality uppn her
mind. The invalid felt the sensation of
glidlng along among human beings anu
quicker than they, toward the black gulf
ln which all is lost.
The rooms were filled with strange llli
putlan seats, tiny armchairs, little three
legged tables, low footstools and a prie
dieu evidently intended for a child.
"Who can have used these diminutive
nrtlcles?" thought Lea. Can it have been
Lizzie Morley?" '
Hut she dared not ask the question for
fear of the reply:—
"A dead child;
The mantelpiece of the drawing-room
was of white marble, with a narrow shelf.
in the English style, supported by two
small columns. There was but little space
for any objects, and it was principally oc
cupled by some Japanese articles in
carved wood. The most important repre
eented a sort of Tower of Babel, marvel
ously sculptured, upon each story of
which were little figures in wood, all dif
ferent, looking at one another in the gal
leriea. Upon the same mantelpiece was
a photograph album containins a collec-
quays and making radiant the port and
the calm open Bea. Still the scenery was
not quit* the same aa had welcomed the
young girl arriving .from Salisbury with
.all the Joyou» brilliancy. Many of the
yachts had left, to return no more until
the next summer. The atmosphere had
lost Its vibrating transparency so charac
teristlc of Italy. The distances became
more vague, the tropical vegetation ap
peared to b« ailing, as though affected by
the barely warm temperature, made even
keener by a touch of frost. Nevertheless,
«^r afternoons DrBryce recommend
"Vs^co^fd^o^ngeVm^e^the .light.
est Physical effort without risking a fit
°< suffocation, congestion and spitting of
„ n ( .iu nnnv .-nvri-icrn r>omn tnr her
H 00 niAmoor ??ouse Geore his
his a^ms a burden
-*»£ {KaSffighSr eve ""day .and the
carriage conducted I by a tall youth -1th
covered promenade at the foot of the
nffg ln t £ ont ot pHncess Gardens. A sort
of con gress of invalids seemed to be tak
, p £ ce there, for during the winter
Torquay is the meeting place of consump
ti Thelr pa]e haggard faces, with a
hoctlc 8pot o f color under their feverish
cyes turned eagerly toward the sun. Some
o f them coughed; others made visible ef
forts to restrain an attack, and others
aC jin. from time to time, put their hand-
k Prc hiefs to their lips and regarded it fur
tively afterward, watching for the dread
ed rH( j 5po t. Lea, with Georg by her side,
sat down uKe them in the sunlight, and,
llke them, in alternations of confidence
and ' despair sought to drink in life with
tne ii cn t of day.
Georg nursed his wife with passionate
f erV or only leaving her when she insisted
unon it in her moments of utter despair,
H j s own SO ul seemed to die as he saw her
withering before his eyes. He longed to
die before her, to no longer see her at
every instant perishing and fading away,
Bm his eyes incessantly sought the visage
t> beloved, a little consumptive in-
£ alld n ke t he others selfish and subject
t0 flt g o f nervousness and weeping, Indif
ferent about the noble ideals that had tor
mented her youth— simply curious about
her suffering and only longing to live, to
live, to live!
with the discreet gayety of the English
when enjoying themselves. There was a
ball at the Imperial Hotel, close to Dart
moor House, and the healthy population
of Torquay was going to it. There were
even several closed landaus following the
crowd, and by the light of their lamps
could be seen the pale countenance of
some consumptive who had wished to
participate In the fete. Frederique and
Pirnltz were received by Tinka and Georg
In the yellow drawing room and were led
to Lea's bedroom almost immediately.
The interview was not very tragical in
appearance. Lea was lying upon her bed,
her arms and nhoulders covered with an
elegant morning robe, which she had
made formerly at the CocVIngtons'. The
fever gave a touch of color to her face.
The fleshlessness of her body was only
revealed by the thinness of her hand3
and the stiff folds and hollows made by
the sheets and counterpane upon her legs.
The shaded lamp had been drawn back
behind the bed. so that the light might
not be so glaring. A few commonplace
phrases were exchanged after Frederique
and Plrnitz had kissed the invalid's fore
head, moistening their lips with the beads
of perspiration at the roots of her hair.
Their words betrayed nothing of the pro
found distress of thir eouls; in fact, they
seemed to seek to dissimulate it. Lea told
them that she did not suffer very much,
that she hoped to pass a calm night, for
she already felt a desire to sleep. She
asked the travelers If they had had a
pleasant voyage, and they replied that the
whole voyage had been very agreeable,
and that they were not fatigued In the
least. Then there was a silence, and
again Pirnits antt Frederique kissed Lea's
moist forehead, wished her good night
and retired to their room.
It was Georg's room usually. He had
given it up to the newcomers, and had es
tablished himself in a little room nearby.
Tinka remained with them for some little
time. Pressed by Frederique with ques
tions, she gave them more details than
her letter had contained. Big tears welled
up In her pale green eyes as she told them
all the story, In her even, penetrating
voice of a tiny prophetess.
"We have seen that dear plant return
to life under the sunlight here, and be
come more beautiful than ever, even in
the time of our residence in Apple Tree
Yard. When she was married to Georg
she became less anxious, and we all be
gan to hope. Then, after an excursion
that they made together to Gilder Rock.
Lea had a relapse. It is klllinz me. I
"Look! Look at my arms! Look at my
bosom!"
A strange loving ardor overwhelmed her.
She drew her husband's heM\ against her
bosom and covered it with kisses and ca
resses. The couple dwelt alone during her
dying agony. Georg lived only for Lea
and no longer left her. He slept in tho
yellow parlor upon a sofa and ran to her
In the night at the slightest sound of a
cough, at the faintest whisper of his
name. Mysteriously, without allowing any
one to hear their conversation, they whis
pered their terrible despair, owned to each
other all their desires, told of all they
would have made of life if life had been
spared them. And neither sought to de
ceive the other. They did not say: "We
will do this. We will go there," but "We
would have done this; we w^uld have gone
there."
Every one respected their solitude. Tho
house was as silent as though a death,
watch were being kept. With the excep
tion of Georg and Lea. the inhabitants of
Dartmoor House were brought closer to
gether; their souls mingled gradually ami
penetrated one another. Frederique
learned to know Edith better, for in Lon
don she had been formerly rather Lea's
companion and friend. They conversed
about a variety of subjects. Edith ex
plained her plans. She was going to
Queensland to join a flourishing feminist
colony in Hopetown. She exhibited somo
letters that she had received from this
colony, describing the curious society that
had been formed in that part of the worM
by some hardly innovators upon a basis
of economical and political equality, and
with a genuine equality of love between
the two sexes. Fredertque. after so many
rebuffs, was disgusted" with wornout so
cial order, as it Is now constituted in Eu
rope: disgusted with a society so antag
onistic to all innovation, and longed to>
say to Edith: "Take me with you as sooa
as the inevitable has been accomplished I
I pray you, take me with you. I will
go!" But the thought that Pirnltz
dreamed of recommencing the work la
Paris, in disdainful and hostile Paris, a till
retained her.
Pirnltz, exercising her magnetic fasci
nation upon those who scarcely knew her,
Boon became the moral center of Dart
moor House. Carola and Ida simply wor
shiped her and implored her continuously
to tell them tales. The apostle talked to*
them without tiring for hours without
wearying them, and already she began to>
have an Influence upon the rather Intract
able character of the younger.
She gently reproached Professor Hoedel
with torturing Innocent creatures, "whoss
life in which to rejoice in the air and sun
light Is so short, and you suddenly hurl
them from life to death, you make of
them ugly little corpses pinned upon, white*
paper.
Worthy Hoedel. divided between his
passion for oclence and the desire not to
read a reproach in the prophetic eyes
of the apostle, now hid his studious weak
ness and devoted himself to botany. H»
passed proudly before Plrnitz. glancing
at her almost affectionately with his big 1
blue eyes behind the gold rimmed specta
cles, and would say, tapping his zinc box;
"Only flowers, mademoiselle! No in
sects: Only flowers: nothing else."
The captain. Lizzie and lethargic Mrs.
Morley also submitted to Pirnitz's influ
ence. They all yielded to an imperious
desire to please her, to be noticed and.
approved by her. The one conquered most
completely was Tinka. She had never
seen Pirnitz before that tragical period.
Her meeting with the apostle gave her a.
violent shock that was intensified by her
delicate organization and artistic spirit.
More curious about the soul than about
picturesque forms. Justus Hoedel's wlf»
had never before met one of such rarity
«nd beauty. From that moment she aban
doned all work and hid away In a drawer
the novel she had commenced. She no>
longer left Pirnltz. but followed her. as a.
faithful dog follows Its master,' listening
to her conversation. Romalne, - realizing
that the Hoedel household had been re
established In its most satisfactory order
did not seek to influence Tinka, who. so
to speak, seemed to bathe in h*r presence.
At the same time her literary Instinct
compelled her to study and analyze tho
tpostle's personality, which was indis
pensable for the new story that she wa-t
planning. She said candidly to Firr.itz.
with the air of an inspired child that
made her so captivating:
"\ou could not help coming here and I
had to know you so that my boolc might
be true. I am not surprised that you
came. When I am writing the characters
whom I describe have always appeared
before when they were necessary fur my
book."
Thus in the household In Park Hill road,
where Lea, watched ovrr by Georg, was
Blowly descending the slope of death, lif.i
also slowly contracted mysterious soul al
liances.
As Lea could but rarely leave her bed.
the double folding door was kept widu
open thenceforth, and In the daytime the
bed was drawn near thus door. Lyins
there Lea could then set- one o* the sit
ting-room windows, the one in the right.
hand corner. She made them raise th«
blinds and then couid porcc-ive the sky
and divined where was the sea.
On the tith of October ¦ sudden alarm
shocked the residents of Dartmoor House
After a night of suffocation Lea fell into a
state of prostration that matJe Dr. Hryca
presage a fatal termination very quickly.
Frederique. approved in her decision by
Plrnitz and Edith, asked the Catholio
priest who had married Lea to come at
once. The invalid received the last sacra
ment with recovering consciousness, al
though with drooping eyelids. She replied
at certain moments to the prayers that
she appeared to hear vaguely. Her lip*
uttered twice "Amen." and she made an
effort to cross herself.
Toward noon on the same day she awoko
and declared she felt better. Nothing was
said of the sacrament she had received,
by those around her or by her. The after
noon, evening and night were fairly calm.
The following day was even better, and
during the next few days her feebleness
merely increased without any paroxysms.
Lea now took nothing but a little jelly, a.
spoonful at a time, and even that Edith,
had to induce her to take with a thousand
ruses. She spoke but little, slumbered and
insisted upon Georg's presence.
On the 14th. about 6 o'clock in the morn
ing, Lizzie Morley rapped at the door off
the room where Frederique and Pirnltz
elept.
"Great heavens! What ia the matter?**
cried Frederique. awakening with a. start.
"Miss Craggs begs that you will como
down as soon as you are dressed. Don't
bo alarmed, there is no change: Mme. Lea.
is. If anything, a little better, but she haa
asked for you."
They dressed hastily. When they en
tered the invalid's room energetic little
Edith had put everything in order. Lea,
was lying in the white bed lean
ing against the lace-edged pillows. Georg,
his visage ravaged by the lack of sleep,
said nothing to the two women, who
stopped over Lea's pale face and kissed
her forehead.
"Good day. Fed!. Good day, Romalne.
Don't be afraid; I am no worse. I called
you because I feel a little stronger. I can
talk to you very easily to-day. Does not
my voice sound as clear as it did ia tha
old times?"
Oeorg turned away. hl3 lips quirerinjr
with emotion under his blond mustache.
Pirnltz bowed smilingly, and Frederique
said:
"Yes. your voice Is very clear th!3 morn
ing, dearest."
As a matter of fact the veil that for so
Ions had deadened and falsified the son
ority of her voice appeared to havf»
cleared away a little. They talked about
indifferent subjects, as usual: but this
time, after a silence, the invalid said
suddenly:
"I should like— T should like to hear
about the school. How did the affair
end?"
Then, with infantile impatience, she
added:
"You never speak to me about tho
school— never! And I thought of Daisy
this morning 1 . You never speak to mo
about her. nor about podr G>?rmalne."
It was the first allusion I,e.i had mnda
to the events in Paris. In spite of her
irritated tone they felt that she really
wished to be Informed upon the matter,
and, in obedience to a sign from Freder
ique. Plrnitz replied:
"We did not tell you about cur troubles.
Lea, in order not to f.itljruo and sadden
you. Besides, nothing new has happened
since we left the Hue des Vergers to
gether. The school reopened on the l3t
of October under Mile. Hcurtr.iu'a direc
tion. The administrative council Is pre
sided over by M. Duramberty. -who is as
sisted by Quignonr.ee, Anquctin and
1'Abbe Minot."
"Ah!" said Lea. "M. Durarr.bprty fa
now occupying himself with educational
questions?"
"Yes. and with politics as well. Rem
blart. the Deputy for St. Charlos. la dead,
and Durambcrty will probably be h;3 suc
cessor.**
Lea thought In silence for some time.
Then she looked fixedly at Plrnltz.
"So you make no resistance?" sho said.
"You let men calmly take your place ar.d
sti-a! the fruits of your labors?" . .
"There was nothing else to be done,
dearest." replied Frederique. "Although,
at first I was in/avor of fighting and be
ginnlne a lavrsuit. I had to now to cir
cumstances. ' Our last contract delivered
us into Duramberty's hand so long as
Duramberty was en good terms with tho
Government."
The -»ame strange smile curled Lea's
lip?. Her gaze was d'rected alternately
at Frederique and Pirnltz.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Xext Week.)
17
LeaWooer— May I hope?
Wooed— Tcs, if you will promise never
to re&r to the matter_ asaln.— Harlenx
An average waits takes a dancer over
about three-quarters of a mile; a square,
dance makes her cover half/ a mile. A
girl' with a well filled programme travels
thus in one evening: Twelve- waltzes,
nine miles; four other dances at half a
mile apiece, which is har.dly a fairly big
estimate, two miles more: the intermis
sion stroll and the trips to the dressing
room to renovate her gown and complex
ion, half a mile; grand total, eleven and
a half miles.
r held In these natural reservoirs, dashes
/ -away in torrents, washing gulches as it
goes, and in a short time the parched soil
crumbles Into dust.
The fountains of countless water
courses arc thus dried up and in time the
precipitation grows less. The annual
*^ rainfall of Boulder Creek was formerly
100 inches; it has already diminished by
more than one-half, being now about
forty inches.
" A thousand men work every summer In
the region about/ Boulder Creek, felling
trees, burning their branches and the* un-
•t Trado of Santa Cruz and San Jos«
and tho Woman's Club of the last-named
city. Their tour of inspection lasted five
days. From Boulder Creek they drovo
along the high ridgo which encircles part
iergrowth around, drawing the trunks by
mcn.n^ cf oxen over skid roads to the
sawmills, getting out tlca and shakes,
peeling bark for the tanneries and cutting
cordwood. Forty million feet of redwood
lumber is sawed In ths counties in aver
age years. Much Is shipped out of Boul
der Creek, and the little spur of road
which the Southern Pacific has sent off
In that direction is one of the most pro
fitable of its branches.
Within the past three months' the peo
ple of the neighboring counties have be
gun to realize .the fast, approaching total
destruction of the redwoods and the far
reaching consequences of such a loss to
them and to the generations who will fol
low them. \
o~ the bas>n. an»l looked clown upon tho
mass of unfcroken forest. Then they went
down into the basin as far a3 a wagon
road could take them and pitched their
tents. From this point they made excur
sions cn foot, measuring trees and taking
photographs. TJiey found several tree3
sixty feet around ami hundreds that
would measure forty-rive, with a height
of 250 feet.
With the exception of dim trails or a
Ions-deserted cabin there was no sign oC
the dominion of man. It was truly—
"Primeval forest, virgin sod.
That Saxon hath not ravished yet."
There were many creekn rising In this
basin, flowing down different water'heda.
A club was here formed, called the Sem-
pervirens Club, its object being "to save
the redwoods." The president 13 Super
visor C. W. Reed of San Francisco, the
secretary Mrs. Carrie Stevens Walter of
San Jose, whilo various representative
people of th© Str.tc have accepted the po
sition of vice president and promised
their hearty support. The co-operation
Of all Individuals and organizations inter
ested In the cause ir, earnestly solicited.
They did not sufficiently appreciate the
forests until they saw tho last remnants
threatened. Now, like the king In the an
cient legend who declined to buy from
the sybil when) she offered him nine
book?, likewise when rlic brought six, but
who was glad to purchase three, at last,
for the price of the original nine, they
value a part more than they did the
whole.
About three weeks later the some party,
with some additions, were th© guests of
the Santa Cruz Board of Trade In a threo
days' tour along the coast. The object of
this excursion was to see at their
mouths the streams which flow out of tho
basin, and to cstimato the amount of wa->
ter in them.
On June S a meeting was held In tha
Faiace Hotel of San Francisco; besides
representatives from the bodies previous
ly mentioned there were delegates from
the Sierra Club and th© Forestry Com
mission. While all agreed in the desire
to save the redwoods, there was some dif
ference of opinion as to whether the Fed
eral or State Government should have
control of the reservation. It was tha
unanimous opinion that the subject
should be brought before tho people that
they might pronounce upon the life or
death of these hist of the Forest Giants,
Shall they live or shall they die?
LOUISE COFFIX JONES.
The newspapers of Santa Crus and San
Josn began to agitate the subject In
April, calling attention to, the threaten
ing destruction of the redwoods in the
Big Basin. Karly In May there was a
meeting at Hanford of representatives o?
the two universities, of Santa Clari Col
lege, the Santa Cruz TJoard of Trade and
the Normal School, Woman's Club and
Board of Trade of San Jose. The object
cf this meeting was to discuss the propo
sition of savins the Big Basin. Meet in
terest was manifested, and a commit
tee was appointed to write to cur repre
sentatives at "Washington and iearn what
could be done toward having this region
purchased and set apart as a Government
reservation. It seemed desirable to gath
er data by closer observation, and on the
invitation of tho secretary of the Santa
Cruz Board of Trade a party went into
the Basin about the middle of. May. It
was composed of representatives of the
Supervisors of San Francisco, the Boards
Xombroso's theory of the
Origin of Kissing s
down to us by the old Romans. Theso
latter maintained that the kiss -was in
vented by husband, who de-Ired to as
certain in thin way whether during their
absence from home their wives had been,
drinking their wine or not.
according to Lombro?^. the only source to
which the modern practice of kissing caa
be traced. The custom of pressing one.
mouth to another originated with tha
women in Terra del Fuego. who could
only supply their infanta with drink in
this manner, and it is presumable that
they learned the lesson from the birds.
Finally, we are told that kissing la an
evidence of atavism and a memorial of
that early stage in our development "dur
ing which the wife had not yet triumphed
over the mother nor love over maternity."
Lombroso's views on this subject meet
Tvith the general approval of scientists,
though there are some who- point out that
his explanation cf the origin of kissing is
r.ot in accordance with the one handed
According; to Professor Cesare Lom
broso. the distinguished Italian criminolo
gist. kissing is quite a modern practice
and originated in a very curious manner.
The kiss, as a token of affection, was un
known to the old Greeks, and neither in
Homer nor in Hesiod do we find any men
tion of it. Hector did net kiss his An
dromache when he bade her farewell, nei
ther did Paris press his Jips to those of
the beauteous Helen, and Ulysses, who
was more of a cosmopolitan than an/ man
of his day, never dreamed of kissing the
enchanting Circe, and when after Ions
wanderings he returned home to hi3
spouse, Penelope, he satisfied himself with
putting one of his stalwart arms around
her waist" and drawing her to him.
Tho people of Terra del Fuego, says
L,ombroso. have taught civilized nations
the orlglnof the delightful art of kissing.
Drinking vessels are unknown in that
country, and the people, when they are
thirsty, simply He down beside brooks
nhd drink th'e water as it flows by them.
It is evident, however, that infants could
not satisfy their thirst in this primitive
fashion, and therefore their mothers have
for ages supplied them with water 1 by
filling their own mouths first and then let
ting it pass through their lips into the ex
pectant mouths of their little ones. In
Borne places the banks ; of the brooks and
rivers are so, high that water cannot be
obtained in the usual manner and tho
mothers in such places draw It up through
long reeds.
Birds feed their young ones in a simi
lar manner. They first fill their own
mouths with water and then transfer it
to the wide open mouths of the little ones.
23ils '. yery, ancient maternal practice la.
WHEN the Anglo-Saxon pioneer
first r-pr.rtrated Into the Banta
Cruz Mountains he saw around
him vast wastes of forest verdure
—a wilderness ocean. Along the crests,
down the ridges, on nil the slopes and In
the canyons ptood the shafrgy growth of
centuries. Redwoods rose in stately ranks,
their giant columns Yzrc until they
reached the height of ordinary trees:
above that they put forth luxuriant fo
liage. Around them, and reaching to their
lower branches, prow other coniferous
Trees: also oaks, madronos, horse-chest
r.ut. buttonwood and laurel. Lower still
¦were thickets of hazelnut, berry bushes
and vines, mar.zanita. California lilac, wild
roses, azalea end honeysuckle. Of ferns
there was a great variety, some with
fronds from eight to ten feet long. From
innumerable sprir-ps little rills trickle 1
down to ioin the streams r.ni swell the
rrerks. 5n whose water? could be found
en abundance at fis-h. The forest abound
ed In parac — bear, door and smaller ani
mals. With rod and gun one need not
lack for food.
Into this reprion sonlcrs esmo nnd se
o-.:rod land, acquiring a title from the
Government. Th? great commercial value
Of these forests was apparent, and as roon
ps trapnn roads could be cut sawmills
¦were erected at convenient places on the
v.ater courses. The trees that clothed the
rirjpes near what is now n--dv.-i>n.i City
were the first to fall, being the most ac
rrr-sible, and the lumber was hauled by
icarr.s Into the never sated market of San
Krano.'sco. Year after year nevr roads
were cut. new mills put up. and the de
struction of the redwoods went on. A half
certury baa witnessed thf gradual denud
5r.fr of those mountains, until r.ovr only a
few sections resaln whrse original beauty
lias boon untouched by nx t-.r fire. Th«»
traveler nlio passes alonK the road sees
only here and there a remnant of the
primeval forest; but he F?-es everywhere
immer.^e stumps, and often prone columns,
Ftately even in decay. In some places the
Fmaller trees have kren spared, and a
thicket of young r growth has
ppruncr t:p. nffordinK coolness, shade anc
the Jmprc-tsion of sylvan soiitude. but ir
many sections, the traveler Fees only t
parched and barren expanso. stumps,
turned logs, tho dry beds of streams ard
a general aspe?t of desolation.
The redwoods in their oricir.al grandeur
can now bo found only in that pnrt of San
ta Cruz ar.d Sen Matoo counties which has
thus far, by it? bulwark of high ridges,
been prctocted from the inroads of the
lumberman.
The Big Basin Is surrounded by a chain
of hills and is corrugated v.ith ridges, all
densely wooded. These are the water
sheds of the San Lorenzo River and of
many crocks— Boulder. Pescadero. Butano.
<Jazos. WaddeU. Scotts and Big Creek.
Here the redwood grows to perfection,
reaching Its greatest height and girth.
These coa^t hills and valleys are its
chosen homo: a day s journey to the north
cr to the south, you will look for It in
vain. Ar.fl you will finfl It nowh-re ess
!n the world. It Is the sequoia semre"
virens. the big trees of Calaveras and
Marip'-sa being the sequoia glgantea. The
great natural ;?ark Inclosed In the MR
Basin ar.d lying along Its outer slopeS is
within a shcrt ride of £an Francisco sird
can be reached at a trilling cost. Probably
nowhere else in the world Is there a prim
eval forest so rear a great city. Ar.d to
the rs.st multitudes who inhabit our sun
burned plains it is accessible, both as re
gards (ilstnnce and expense. When the
wheat !s harvested ar.u the fruit gathered
then our ranchers and orchardlsta can.
with their families, take a vacation. The
<1wel!er« in these towns and villages which
dot the railroad like beadr on a strlr.E
can shut their d»ors for awhile on familiar
cares and hie away to the Santa Cruz
Mountain* for .« rest ar.d change.
Nature has placed a rase sanitarium al
most at our d^ors. but man is despoiling
it year by year. At the present, rate of de
>(ru"t!o:; these mountain? will bo denuded
Sn five year*, and the lr.st <>f the redwood
forest? of California and of the world w!!l
bo forever swept from existence. Ar
ranfrements are row on foot to mili the
whole of the Big l'nsln. Several sawmills
ire operating on Its borders and two oth
ers will be erected within sixty days. Be
sides these there are various camps wheri
men are at work getting out railroad ties,
cutting cordwocd or making pickets,
shakes and shingles. Th.s work involves
a vast waste of material, and the debria
Is ret on fire and burned, together with
the surrounding- underbrush. The fire de
stroys the leaf mold — the accumulation of
centuries— and leaves the soil exposed to
the wash of winter rains. The mossy,
spongy mass, which retained moisture. Is
thus lost and the character of the surface
entirely changed. The water, no longer
TO SAVE
THE GIANT REDWOODS.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
18THE SUNDAY CALL.
19XJttl!J &U1S1JA.X. 0-A-ijtJLi-
20MILES WILL NOT GO
TO CHINA AT PRESENT
. WASHINGTON. July 14.— Lieutenant
General Miles called at the Chinese lega
tion to-day and had a talk with Chinese
Minister Wu. This naturally aroused
comment in connection with the vague
rumors afloat that General Miles ought to
go to China. It was stated later, how
ever, by those In position to be thorough
ly Informed of General Miles' plans, that
the call on Minister Wu was entirely de
void of official significance, and that Gen
eral Miles has no present purpose of go-
Ing to China. The relations between Gen
eral Miles and Minister Wu are friendly
and personal, so that they frequently
meet and exchange Informal greeting?.
It is stated that General Miles has not
asked for service In China, and that such,
a move would not be considered for a
moment under the present circumstances.
At most the army to be placed under for
eign commanders does not exceed 10.000.
and It is pointed out that such, a com
mand would be quite inadequate for a
lieutenant general.
It Is appreciated, however, that the sit
uation may develop at any moment so
that a large army will be required, in
which case General Miles might detor
mine to take the field in person. For the
present he 13 exercising care in the prep
arations for getting the American troops
on the ground, the . detail of supplies,
transportation, etc. The diplomatic In
structions of General Chaffee, -who Is In
Immediate command of the forces in
China, aro quite apart from th030 of a
military nature. ! ¦-
AMERICAN MARINES
FIRST REACHED TIENTSIN
WASHINGTON. July ll.-Secretary
Long has just received a mail report from
Admiral Kempff. dated on the Newark at
Taku. July 5. The admiral details tho
conditions under which Captain McCalla'a
forces landed, and showed that the United
Piates marines, who were sent up the
river from Taku to Tientsin In lighters,
were the first Caucasian troops to reach
that city, and were welcomed by the In
habitants with great joy. The marine
guard sent to Peking for the protection ot
the legation met with not the slightest op
position, according to Admiral Kempff.
GOVERNOR FAVORS BOXERS.
WASHINGTON, July It— Secretary Hay
has received an undated dispatch from
Consul Genaral Goodnow at Shanghai
statin? that the Governor of Honor*
Kshanfl has Issued a proclamation favor
able In Its terms to the Boxers. Honon
Fshanfl Is the province lying Immediately
northwest of Shansbai and between that
city and Peking.
PROFESSOR TENNEY
AND FAMILY SAFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. July 14.— A cablegram re
ceived early this morning by Rev. D. Ten
ney greatly relieved a household which
has been full of anxiety for the past
month because of a son shut up In Tlon
tsin. The cable said simply, "Safe: fam
ily coming." The telegram is from C. D.
Tenney. the president of the Imper'al
University of China, and all the advices
which his father had were of an alarming
nature. In a letter written on the 8th of
last month Professor Tenney's wife
wrote: * ."'¦->
TVe are In the midst of very exciting times
here. Our foreign settlement at Tientsin la
garrisoned with more than TOO soldiers, who pa
trol the place night and day. The Boxer
movement has suddenly become very alarming.
In the last two weeks the new Lu and Poo
Tiny Fu has been pretty well destroyed. Sta
tions have been burned and bridges torn up to
such an extent on the line between here and
Peking that there has been no train for threr
days. At the University we are especially aux
loue as we- are out of the settlement and rather
isolated. We are constantly warned that ire are
to be attacked, but so far we have been left
In peace. Professors and students are well
armed and take turns In patrolln? the place at
night. The students are anxious to leave and
many of them have left, but my husband feels
that it is most Important to stand by the
place. If It should be abandoned It would
certainly be looted and probably burned down,
and whether the Chinese would rebuild It
would be very uncertain, but if it can be held
intact it will go on no matter what the change
of government.
Professor Tenney was known through
out the Chinese empire as one of its best
educators. He had fourteen years' ex
perience there and was at one time the
teacher In the family of Li Hung Chang.
GLOOMY VIEW OF
A BRITISH CONSUL
LONDON, July 14.— The British Consul
General at Shanghai, in transmitting to
the Foreign Office messages from the
Governor of Shantung, already published,
says he fears there can be little doubt In
regard to the fate of the foreigners at
Peking. '
MISSING MISSIONABIES.
BELOIT, TVis., July J4.— Herbert Smith,
son of Rev. and Mrs. Hiram Smith, mis
sionaries in China, has not heard from
Ms parents In two months. Reports that
the missionary societies have received
news of their safety aro not correct. Mr.
and Mrs. Smith are supposed to be in Pe
king, if, alive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, July 14.— It was stated to-day
by a prominent official that as a re
sult of the enunciation by Secre
tary Hay of the Chinese policy of the
American Government and the representa
tions made by the foreign governments
thereon he was certain- that the United
States would be able to save. China from
dismemberment.
At this moment the nations of the world
are bending their efforts to reinforce the
international defenders of Teintsln, pre
paratory to the dispatch of a column to
Peking. The first step that 'must be taken
to effect a solution of the Chinese ques
tion must be to occupy the capital and
take control of the government.
If Kuang Hsu be still alive the various
governments .will probably favor his re
tention on the throne, although he will be
surrounded with a Cabinet composed of
able Chinamen, having knowledge of
western civilization. It will not be until
peace Is restored that the United States
or any other nation will take steps for
collection of an indemnity fpr the murder
of its representatives and damage to
property. - -
"It Is too early." said an official to-day,
"to discuss the indemnities. From indica
tions at persent I believe the United
States -will be able to prevent the enforce
ment by any power of a demand for in
demnity." „
As a result of the representations of
Russia showing her ability to protect the
telegraph line connecting Port Arthur and
Siberia from- interruption, it is now
planned to run f. cable across the gulf of
Pechlll. from Taku to Port Arthur. This
will be only, a third the length of the pro
posed Taku-Shanghai route. The distance
being only 200 miles, the cable can be laid
quickly and communication between the
allies and their capitals can be quickly
established.
President McKinley has sent a cable
gram to the King of Korea thanking him
for his friendly Interest and sympathy ex
tended in relation to Minister Conger, re
ceived in a dispatch yesterday. It is be
lieved by officials . that . the dispatch was
sent on the suggestion .of the American
adviser to the King of Korea, and was for
political effect in. case. Russia and Japan
should go to war over the question as to
which should take possession of the her
mit kingdom. ....... ...
ESCAPED FHOM TIENTSIN.
EVANSVILLE.Ind.. July 14.—Ex-Mln
lster Denby to-day received definite news
of the escape of his son, Charles Deo by
and family, from Tientsin to Shang
hai.' China. ?3^@f
Uncle Sam's Policu Has a
Decided Influence on the
Powers Interested-
WILL BE ABLE
TO PREVENT
DISMEMBERMENT
into the Tsung Lt Yamen and burned it
down. It is further reported that the for
eign reinforcements which left for Peking
on June 10 advanced as far as Lang Fang,
but after terrible suffering returned to
Tientsin oh the 26th. The allied forces
destroyed, several arsenals at Tientsin,
their losses being nearly 300 killed and
wounded. From June 27 to July 1 no fur
ther fighting took place, but Chinese
troops about 20.000 strong were said to be
advancing on Tientsin from the north.
cablegram:
According to a telegram from the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, the reports
brought by Chinese couriers from Peking
to Tientsin appear to confirm the rumors
of the destruction of the legation and the
murder of the Minister. The Minister, It
appears, was shor»on the way and carried
Into the Tsung LI Yamen, where he ex
pired shortly afterward. Upon learning
of his death the German marines rushed
Chinese official reading aloud an- imperial decree at the door of the Viceroy's Yamen at ShanghaL
From" the Illustrated London News. ,
PUBLISHING '¦" AN IMPERIAL DECREE.
THE ALLIED FORCES
SILENCE CHINESE GUNS
A thousand French soldiers and 1500
Russians are expected here to-day. One
thousand two hundred Americans are at
Taku awaiting transportation to this
place.
Wounded— thrr-e officers, two bluejack
ets, two marines and five members of one
of the Chinese regimems.
TIENTSIN. . T u!y <;, via Shanghai. July
34. — At noon to-day the British and
American allies una jr-oessfully attempted
to capture a (7hir.es; IS-pounder. mounted
last night, which was tnfi!a<llng the ad
vanced position of the allies. From 2 to
4 o'clock in the morning an artillery duel
of eleven guns took ;>:are. the Chinese
ehellirs the sett>;raer.ts from the native
city. The Kritisii and Japanese guns
ehell^d tlie forts from thp Viceroy's and
the Yamcns city gat«n. The practice was
Coo4. the British silencing two of the guns
of the Ch!r.es«. Tne fire of the enemy
Ijurr.f-d one of Mackenzie's wool ware
houses. The l<*=s was over lO).000 taels.
It is estimated tfcax over 500 shells fell
In the settlement, wrecking practically
many of the buiMtngs. Undoubtedly spies
are informing the enemy of the condition
of the troops and of the situation in the
quarters r,f the allies, especially, after a
bombardment has taken place. The Chi
nese trair.*»d ere naval c^n on the allies.
Efforts were made '.o capture a silenced
gun and a tremendous fire was encoun
tered. To-day's casualties were as fol
lows:
Killed — Tiro bluejackets and two mem
bers of ore of the Chinese regiments.
CbpjrrttbtM. DW, *t '.h« A«so<-late<J Press.
M. DE GIERS' DEATH
NOT OFFICIALLY KNOWN
ST. PETERSBURG. July ll.-It is offi
cially stated here that no report of the
murder of M. de Giers. the Russian Min
ister at Peking, has been received here.
The Chicago Record's dispatch from St.
Petersburg, giving a story of the alleged
slaughter of the Russian Minister and his
wife at Peking, sent a thrill of horror
through the foreign corps here, none of
whom, however, was able to shed the
slightest light on the subject. At the
Russian embassy the officials were able
to neither confirm nor deny, stating that
thB Government was n"ot In the habit of
forwarding: developments to its diplomatic
representative?. At the German. French,
Japanese. Chinese and all other foreign
establishments horror was expressed at
the reported occurrence, although in these
quarters there was no knowledge of the
facts.
LONG BELIEVES THE
LEGATIONS STILL SAFE
"WASHINGTON. July 14.— The Japanese
legation added somewhat to the fund of
information from Peking by an official
dispatch from the Minister of Foreign
Affairs at Toklo. dated the 6th lnst., giv
ir.gr explanatory details of the conditions
following the murder of Baron von Ket
telcr. The following is a summary of the
GERMAN MARINES BURNED
CHINESE FOREIGN OFFICE
Adjutant General Corbin in his reply
has Informed the writer that the execu
tive has no authority to accept more or
ganizations than are now in service.
Still, the men desiring China service may
be enlisted individually by the army re
cruiting officers in the principal cities.
The men may select their regiments.
WASHINGTON, July 14.-Applicat!ons
continue to come to the War Department
from persons who are anxious to serve
in the army during a campaign in China.
To-day's mail brought one letter from
Secretary Curley of the National Rough
Riders' Military Encampment, dated at
ShenandoEh, Colo., offering to raise a
company of 1000 men or more.
"WASHINGTON, July 14.— The cable
gram from^t. Petersburg to-night that no
news of the murder of the Russian Min
ister at Peking had been received In the
Russian capital was a Eource of gratifica
tion to officials here. It came as a distinct
relief to Mr. Wu, who said he was glad
that the report proved unfounded, as he
fully believed would be the case. Secre
tary Long said the report had turned out
as he had expected, and that the story
and its official disclaimer only tended to
strengthen his confidence that the lega
tions are still safe. Up to a late hour to
night Minister Wu had received no reply
to his message asking for a direct commu
nication to Peking.
VOLUNTEERS MAY
RECRUIT INDIVIDUALLY
HONGKONG. July 14.— Li Kiir.g Chang
received an urgent telegraphic Summons
to Peking yesterday. It is requested that
he proceed north to-morrow. Tni Chinese
agree that his absence Is certaid to lead
to trouble at Canton, \
*EW YORK. July 14.-A Shanghai dis
patch published here to-duy says: Prince
SSheng-. the director of telegraphs, has
communicated <i message Vto the Consuls
here announcing the murler of the for
eigners in Ptking and lay\ng the blame
en the anti-foreign genera!. Tung 5*uh
Slang. The mwsage eays tfcat Tung, en
raged by the defense made Iby the Brit
ish legation, ordered the hqivy guns to
fire, demolishing the U rations and set
ting the ruins aflame. The reiult was the
annihilation of the foreignersA
M "WANTED AT PEHKO.
REPORTED ANNIHILATION
OF FOREIGNERS AT PEKING
"REMEY."
The importance of this cables-rarn, in
the opinion of S^retary Long, lies in the
fact that it makes no mention of the mas
sacre at Poking.
"CHJEFU. July 14. — Secretary Xavy.
Washington: Two Japanese transports
arrived to-day. Landed commander and
marine regiment. Etores. field pieces and
Ammunition. Report Chinese defeated at
two new }>os5tior.s commanding the river
corcmunicaUcn witi Tientsin. .--;¦
WASHINGTON'. July 14.— Secretary
Lozs has just received the following ca
blegram from Rccx Admiral Rezney, com
mander ••» chief of the naval forces on
the Asiatic station:
CHINESE DEFEATED
AT TWO NEW POSITIONS
WASHINGTON, July 14.— The Chinese
Minister contirrues to exert his efforts to
ward getting information from Peking,
but up to a late hour to-<Jay he had not
received any answer in regard to the ci
pher cable to Minister Conger, or from a
second inquiry which he forwarded yester
day to the Taotai of Shanghai, which said
In substance:
"The American Government is greatly
concerned over the Bafety of Minister Con
ger at Peking. Can you give me any in
formation on the subject T' '
Miinster Wu was much depreEsed by ths
continued reports that the legations had
been wiped out and the Ministers mur
dered. To all Inquiries he sorrowfuMy
ehakes his head and says that he has ab
eolutely no information and can only hope
for the best. The report of the killing: of
the Russian Minister and his wife was an
other f evere blow, but as to this also Min
ister Wu said that he had absolutely no
news.
MINISTER WU FAILS
TO RECEIVE ANY NEWS
LONDON. July 15. — The only news from China last night
was the following, issued at midnight: "The Foreign
Office has received information from the Consul General at
Shanghai that the whole foreign community from Wenchbw
has beerl safely landed at Shanghai."
As no mention is made of the alleged statement of Sheng,
the Director General of Railways and Telegraphs of China, to
the consuls at Shanghai, announcing the murder of foreigners
in Peking, it is presumed that this story crediting Sheng with
these assertions and announcing that he blamed Prince Tuan for
the attack on the legations is one of the many inventions ema
nating from Shanghai.
According to a dispatch from Berlin the mobilization of
Germany's expeditionary force is being carried on in splendid
fashion. Some 10.000 volunteers and 416 officers have already
been accepter 1. It is announced that the Government contem
plated chartering thirty of the largest vessels belonging to two
of the most important companies, the Bremen and Hamburg
lines, as transports. The expedition is being organized on the
basis of a year's campaign. ;
Alleged Statement of Sheng Re
porting the Murder of Foreigners
at the Chinese Capital Considered
Only as a Shanghai Rumor.
The Administration Officials Have
Practically Abandoned All
Hope for the Americans Who
Were Shut Up in Peking.
Minister Wu, in speaking of Mr. Goodnow's dispatch to
day, said: ''Before passing judgment on that information
I would like to see the text of the proclamation. Perhaps its
language would modify any conclusion we might base upon the
brief message we have. Fortunately there are no foreigners in
those provinces, as they have no treaty ports. The governors
of those provinces are independent of the Viceroys of Central and
Southern China. The latter are fully able to maintain order
within their respective jurisdictions. But I do not believe the
Boxer movement will make such headway in Honan and
Shansi."
It has been the fear of an increase of the revolt that has
led the officials here to advocate an advance on Peking without
unnecessary delay. It has been impossible, perhaps, for a for
ward movement to be made before the arrival of the Japanese
reinforcements, but it is hoped that there will be no further de
lay after these have landed at Taku.
In a mail report received from him to-day, dated June 8.
Goodnow, referring to the conditions in the province of
Kiahgsu. which adjoins Shantung, says: "Accountability for
the agitation prevailing in Northern China at this time cannot
be laid to destitution, as crops in that region are abundant, the
inhabitants prosperous and new machinery and methods of
transportation have not yet thrown any of the people out of
work." He thus intimates that some more serious cause ex
isted for the unsettled conditions.
A dispatch received last week from Consul General Good
now foreshadowed this spreading of the rebellion. He said that
delay in the advance of the allies on Peking would make it dif
ficult to prevent the trouble reaching other provinces and
Southern China.
Spscial Dispatch to the Call. *
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL;
WASHINGTON, July 14.— Practically all hope that
the Americans who were shut up in Peking 1 are alive has
been abandoned by administration officials. While not a word
has been received from Peking that ; can be considered abso
lutely trustworthy, everything that comes from Chinese
sources tends to show that a massacre has taken place. The only
official cablegram received to-day was a short dispatch from
Consul General Goodnow at Shanghai stating that the Gover
nors of Honan and Shansi had issued a proclamation favorable
to the Boxers. This is regarded as very discouraging news, as
it indicates that two of the powerful provincial Governors of
China are inclined to side with the rioters. The province of
Shansi lies directly west of the province of Chihli, in which Pe
king is located, and Honan adjoins it on the south. The two
provinces together have an area of about> 123,000 square miles
and a combined population of about 35,000,000. By the Gov
ernors of such important provinces siding with the Boxers, the
opposition of the allied powers is greatly strengthened.
STORIES OF MASSACRE CONTINUE,
BUT NO NEWS COMES FROM PEKING
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
VOLUME LXXXTTII-XO. 45.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, ; JULY 15, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
•ADMIRAL. ALEXIEFF. COM
MANDER IX' CHIEF OF THE
RUSSIAN NAVAL. FORCES IX
THE FAR - EAST, WHO - IS RE
PORTED TO HAVE -SENT THE
NEWS OF THE MURDER OF
M.' AND MME. DE GIERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Dock Strike Grows Serious.
ROTTERDAM. July 14.-0wlng to the :
threatenings of the dock strikers, the gar
risons of the riverside towns have been
instructed .to furnish detachments of
troops to protect vessels ln transit to and
from Germany, and torpedo boats have
been ordered to patrol tne river,
Passengers on the Lucania.
LONDON, July 14.— On board the Cu
nard line steamer. Lucanla. which sailed
from Liverpool to-day, are Walter C. Hll
ller, who has been appointed adviser to
the military authorities in China; Foxhall
Keene nnd Rev. Morgan Dlx.
Minister Harris-Coining- Home.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 14.— The Ameri
can line steamer St. Louis, which sailed
from this port to-day, has on board Addl
son A C. Harris, the United States Minister
to Austria-Hungary,
SATURDAY REVIEW
DENOUNCES ASTOR
Says the Exile Is Not Fit to TJntie the
Latchet of Captain Milne's
Shoe.
MR. AND MRS. HOOVER HAVE
ESCAPED FROM TIENTSIN
LONDON, July 14.— The Saturday Re
view, of which Lord Hardwlck is editor
and with which several other prominent
persons are connected, scathingly de
nounces William Waldorf Astor's treat
ment of Captain Milne and refers to it as
a "gross violation of etiquette," adding:
"Milne is a naval officer of high rank
and distinguished service, the latchet of
whose shoe Astor, with all his millions.
Is not worthy to untie. We only regret
that tne gallant servant of her Majesty
so far forgot his dignity as to accept a
second-hand Invitation to the house of
the purseproud American, whose dollars
could not save him from the contempt of
his countrymen. Mr. Astor wishes hi?
entertainments to be exclusive. His de
sire is likely to be gratified in future
beyond his expectations."
Special IDispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 14.—
A cablegrom was received to-day from H.
C. Hoover and wife stating that they had
escaped from Tientsin and ¦were now safe
ly at Shanghai. Mr. Hoover, who Is a
Stanford graduate, is employed as a mfcie
Inspector by a large English syndicate.
His wife, formerly Miss Lou Henry, also
a Stanford graduate, accompanied him.
Their many friends, who have been anx
iously awtrltlng news from them, will
be glad to hear of their safety.
TO FORTIFY TIENTSIN.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 14.-A dispatch
from Khabarovsk, dated Thursday. July
12. says an international council of war
held at Tientsin has decided for the pres
ent to confine the efforts of the allied
forces to fortifying Tientsin and establish
ing communications with forts and ar
senals. Tientsin, it is believed, is being re
armed with guns of the highest class.
Glass-Cuttars Sign the Scale.
PITTSBURG, July 14. — At a conference
of a committee of the Window Glass Cut
ters' League and the officials of the Amer
ican Window Glass Company held to-day,
the «cale of last year was signed for the
ensuing year with a few minor changes.
The final settlement affects about 2000
men. !
LOXTJON. July 14.— A report from Plat
kop says that tbe British engaged the
Boers all day icxr.?. Scouts and mounted
Infantry moving- north located the Boers,
a thousand strang. occupying the " ridge
from which the> were driven yesterday.
Colonel Thornej croft's men held the
ridge facing th»»m. Members of the
Strathcona Horse were driven in tempo
rarily by a heavy musket Ore. After a
stubborn resistance the Boers forced tha
British to brlnjr tht> howitzera Into ac
tion.
Tho infiantry deployed for a general ad
vance umler Clery's A'rectlon. The Boers
opened fire ln all directions, shelling nith
the guns posted on the British right. Tho
mounted infantry, in thte faco ofTa severe
fire, attacked the Boer*. --.
A gun posted on an entrenched kopje
four milfB to the east forced the Boers
from a number of ridges, detached parties
rushlnjr on the center. wnUle a gxm on th»
right was -withdrawn tttrough a raviuo
toward an entrenched hill*
CAPE TOWN. July 14.-Replyinr to a
deputation of his constituents \V p
Schreiner. former Premier of Cape Col
ony, refused to support tho demand for
unimpaired Independence of the Boer re
publics, but said he thought they should
retain a certain amount of independence.
He added that he would not support a
policy of amnesty to the rebels. Herr
Grobler, Foreign Secretary of the Trans
vaal, has arrived at Delagoa Bay.
BOERS RESIST THE
ADVANCE OF BRITISH
the Russian sphere of influence to Join
the Boxers in fighting the "foreign
devils."
The Vossische Zeitung strongly argues
thai it Is quite probable there has not
been any palace revolution ln Peking,
and that the Dowager Empress still di
rects the policy of China, with or without
Prince Tuan's approval, citing internal
evidence to that effect.
A number of German papers contain
communications condemning further sales
of ships, ammunition and arms to China.
One letter is from a retired German gen
eral, deploring the fact that German sol
diers in China are being killed with Ger
man Krupps and Mausers.
The Hay-Holleben agreement continues
to be discussed here. The Foreign Office
has hitherto been reticent on the subject.
The Frankfort Zeitung maintains that the
German sugar question with the United
States, which has aroused the worst bad
blood, Is left untouched by the new com
mercial agreement. The Kreuz Zeitung
says If this Is true, the value of the
agreement Is greatly minimized thereby.
Other leading papers coincide ln this.
Hope for the Boer.
Interest ln the South African -war was
revived in this week, owing to the recent
news. Extras were issued announcing
that the British had mot severe defeats.
The Lokal Anze'.ger to-day magnified the
engagement near Pretoria, claiming that
a British final victory over the Boers is
by no means assured, and the Voerwaerts
to-day says:
"The brave Boer lion Js by no means
dead, even if the number of dogs hunt
ing him be twenty to one."
The last issue of the Militar Wochen
blatt contained the announcement of ten
books by German military writers on the
South African war.
The semi-official Post contains an ar
ticle alleging that Japan is financially un
able to conduct a big war against China,
claiming she has poor credit and no
funds. The ¦writer saddles the blame
for this state of affairs largely upon
Japan's "systematic discouragement of
foreign capital and prohibition of foreign
ers holding real estate": also on the
"unfairness of the courts toward for
eigners."
"This, too," the writer adds, "Is the
reaj*on why foreign Investments in Japan
are no longer made."
The Shah of Persia to-day consulted
a specialls-t. Dr. Pfelffer, at Welsbaden,
and then proceeded to St. Petersburg.
Throughout Germany a house to house
search is going on to secure evidence
against the Polish leaders on the charge
of high treason, especially as to whether
they contribute to the so-called national
treasury. This Is owing to' general in
structions from the Leipsic imperial
court.
The press here comments on the
Deutsrnland making the fastest trip to
New York, and expresses the hope that
Oermany will retain the lead against the
world.
Ninety persons hav<» been made se
riously III at Rheine. Westphalia, owing
to th«> fating of diseased horseflesh.
C. O. Yates of the United States Coast
Survey has arrived here.
Seizure of Kaiochau.
Lu Hal Houan. the Chinese Envoy Ex
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
to-day presented to the Foreign Office an
Imperial communication of the date of
June 29. The German Government does
not put any faith ln it- Lieutenant Gen
eral von Lesel to-day had a long Inter
view with Count von Bulow regarding
the political attitude to b'e adopted by
German Embassadors after their arrival
In China.
The Cologne Volka Zeitung to-morrow
will contain an authentic story of tb«
seizure of Kaloehau. The article will
prove that the German Government of
fered to Bishop Anzer In lSaO a protecto
rate over the Catholic missions of the
province of Shantung, which Anzer then
refused. The newspaper also goes on to
show that Bishop Anzer advised the Ger
man Emperor to *elze the northern port
of Kaloehau rather than a southern port,
which advice the German Emneror imme
diately followed, although the German
Minister at Peking at the time. Baron
Heykine. had advised the selection of a
more southerly port. The paper accord
ingly disapproves of the German Catholic
missionary's action, and Intimates that
this was resoonsiDle for the present trou
bles. A similar view, holding the seizure
of Kaloehau responsible for the anarchy
ln China, has recently been taken by a
pumber of German authorities.
I Conger a chance to cable a message from
| Peking, and "while faint hopes are enter-
I talned that they will be successful, it is
generally felt that some such effort
! might well have been attempted by the
British Foreign Office.
i One of the clearest pronouncements
upon China comes from Archibald Roua
Colquhoun, the well known correspondent
of the Landon Times, whose study of Far
j Eastern conditions has made him an au
thority on the subject. Writing to Mr.
Broderick. tho Parliamentary Secretary
of the Foreign Office, Mr. Colquhoun de
clares that unless prompt relief is at
tempted the Europeans will be massa
cred, and if they are able to hold out un
til the revolt subsides there will be "an
indelible impression on the Chinese mlml
! that their escape was due, not to the
strength and determination of Great
Britain, but to their own -forbearance."
He adds:
"The loss of prestige will be. irreparable
in either case. I am convinced that a de
termined assault on the native Hty of
Tientsin would clear the situation and
open the way to Peking."
The commanders now at Tientsin are
not winning golden opinions from the
English public, which, while suspending
severe criticism, falls to see why the
united forces should be so Impotent to
achieve and so apparently outclassed by
the Chinese, not only in numbers, but in
artillery, and. some people are almost In
clined to believe, ln strategy.
Corruption in London.
In Parliament the week was redeemed
frorn. total tediousness by a remarkable
expose of London's corruptness by Sam
uel Smith (Liberal member for Flint
shire) and John Burns (Socialist member
for Batters). The allegations matie by
these members— and Home Secretary Rid
ley did not deny them — show conditions
which equal anything discovered by the
Lexow and Mazet committees in New
York— immoral dens, ¦ blackmailing and
bribery of the police, apparently flourish-
Ing and trreatly on the increase, especially
in the West End. Degraded criminals,
declared Mr. Burns, who were cleared
out in 18P8, are re-establishing themselves
in large numbers in the metropolis, and
he offered to show Sir Matthew White
Ridley the West End haunts where the
"bestial form of vice of Eastern origin
Is taking root." He also asserted that
"the West End club proprietors and hotel
keepers have the police directly under
their control."
Mr. Burns cited individual Instances and
ended by telling the Home Secretary that
If he did not atop this bribery "the evil
would widen until we have a state of af
fairs in London similar (b what we have
seen In the tenderloin of New York, where
a chief Insp^f tor had earned £10.000 a ypar
by blackmailing gambling hells and fallen
women."
All policemen In the West End. Mr.
Burns suggested, should be paid better, as
their present pittance made even trifling
bribes terrible temptations.
The Home Secretary was aghast, and
said he would look into the charge??. •
Mr. Smith conlined himself chieflv to
opposing public obscenities. "Many
things," he declared, "were tolerated in
England which would not be allowed in
America."
Shocks Irish Nationalists.
Heartburnings have been caused among
the members of the Irish party by the
presence of James Laurence Carew, Irish
Nationalist member for the College Green
division of Dublin, at the Queen's garden
party. He was the only Nationalist who
accepted her Majesty's invitation and Is a
stanch Parnellite. In fact, he served four
months in Killarney jail and for four days
in winter was left stark naked on a plank
bed because he refused to wear prison
clothes. He appeared at Buckingham Pal
ace on Wednesday immaculately attired
and accompanied by his aristocratic wife
whom he married since the Killarney
days and who is immensely wealthy. Mr
Carevr Is now having to make explana
tions to his fellow Nationalists.
them have belonged to the general staff
and the number will Include some who
wr-re formerly military instructors in
Tientsin and elsewhere. The greatest
care has been taken in selecting the offl
cers and men. The authorities will send
only those who are declared fit by the
doctors 'or a lengthy and arduous cam
j>aign in a dangerous climate. In a word.
the German corps Is to be a really elite
cne.
The circular of the Minister of Foreign
Affairs. Count von Bulow. meets singu
larly unanimous approval in the German
press, excepting solely the socialist or
gans, which continue to abuse the Govern
ment for its so-called weltmachtpotlk
(world power policy,), claiming it has
thereby precipitated the Chinese crisis.
The rest of the press and the nation as a
whole fully indorse Count von Bulow's
policy, classing it as wise, moderate and
circumspect. The whole attitude of the
nation toward the understanding between
ihe powers excludes the idea of Germany
seeking separate advantage from action
in China.
Ill-Will Toward England.
No ill will Is Ehown in the press or by
the public toward any other power in re
gard to China, unless in the case of some
of the rabid anglophobe newspapers. The
Deutch Tage Zeitung points out that
A NEW MERRY-GO-ROUND—
HORSES OF CHINESE WOOD
MOUNT UP. TRAVELERS FOR
ANTON. SHANGHAI, TAKU.
riENTSIN, PEKING, AND RE
CL'RN—PERHAPS.
Die Floh. Vienna.
WHILE THE POWERS SUS
TAIN THE BASE OF THE EDI
FICE THE SUMMIT AND THE
MANDARINS THREATEN TO
FALL ON THEIR HEADS.
Kladderad'-tsch. Berlin.
IN CHINA THE REAL BOX
ERS ilAY ONE DAY, INDEED.
NOT BE THOSE OF THE CE
LESTIAL EMPIRE.
Flschietto, Turin.
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, July 14.— Parisians are begin
ning to realize that their calculations,
based on a series of fetes attending the
expected visits in close sticcesslon of Eu
ropean monarchs, Is going to prove still
born. They believe the King of Sweden
and the Shah of Persia will come for a
short stay in a month's time, but that is
all. The Czar, whose absence is the
greatest disappointment of all; Emperor
William, Queen. Victoria and the Prince
or Naples; whose visits were once spoken
of as certain, will not come to the expo
sition, and after the Shah's departure th»
mansion formerly belonging to the late
Dr. Evans, the famous* American dentist,
which is so luxuriously fitted up for the
reception of crowned heads, can close its
shutters.
This collapse of one of the sides of the
exposition dearest to their hearts Is h
bitter pill for Parisians, who throw the
blame therefor mostly on the Government
— especially for the absence of the Czar,
who is popularly supposed to be Btaytng
away on account of his dislike for Presi
dent Loubet and the socialistic tendencies
of the Government. The absence of the
royalties represents a serious financial
loss to the business community of Paris,
which naturally counted upon a rich
harvest out of tho lavish expenditure
which the entertaining of these visitors
would entail, and also out of the money
spent by the masses of foreign and pro*
vincial sightseers attracted to the capital
by the festivities.
Another exposition fiasco which has dis-
STUntletl numbers of Parisians is the fail
ure of a majority of the side shows, which
sprung up Jike mushrooms within and
about the exposition, and the construc
tion of most of wjjich Involved a heavy
outlav. This failure Is partly due to the
high "sums exacted by the authorities for
concessions and ground lots, while their
profits were estimated on swarms of
pleasure-seekers, who were expected to
pay heavy prices for a mediocre enter
tainment, or for one lasting a quarter of
the time of those given in the ordinary
theaters and cafes chantants within the
city. These expectations have not been
realized, and many of the side shows see
little better than ruin before them. Un
fortunately they were chiefly formed ag
nubile companies in which Parisians
largely investea their savings, and the
latter now see their shares, for which
they paid 100 francs, standing at any
where between 10 and 50 francs.
Nearly forty-five millions of French
money Is sunk ln what promises to result,
unless the situation radically changes for
the better, In a smash. Eleven shows
alone represent at the present Bourse
quotations a loss to the shareholders of
10.S17.500 francs.
The famous E'.ysee outrider Montjarret
who always preceded Presidential proces
sions and who was dismissed recently on
account of a quarrel with a coachman In
the courtyard of the Elyse"e Palace, has
been engaged by Count Boni Castellane to
.ride at tho head of his sumptuous equip
nge. Montjarret was first engaged by
President Caslmir-Perier. and the hand
some figure he cut at the head of the cor
tege made him the dariing of the Parisian
crowds, which always cheered him lusllly.
Some of the Paris papers declare that It
was a fact that his popularity outshone
that of President Loubet and that that
brought about his fall. Judged by the ar
ticles in the press evoked by his dismissal,
the latter attained the proportions of a
great event. Montjarret's biography and
portrait are published, as those of a cele
brity of the day.
Millions of Francs Lost by the Com
mon People Through Invest
ments in Unsuccessful
Concessions.
Parisians Bemoan the Ab
senca of Czar and
Kaiser.
CROWNED HEADS
WILL NOT VISIT
THE EXPOSITION
LONDON, July 14.— Alexanf^rla Palace,
rivaling in size and conspicousness Madi
son Square Garden and surmounting one
of the highest parts in all London, pre
sented a brilliant spectacle to-night, when
10,000 members of the Society of Christian
Endeavor opened the world's convention.
The night affair was preceded by an after
noon organ recital, an Immense chorus
rendering familiar Christian Endeavor
songs, accompanied by one of the greatest
organs in all England. This was followed
by a second musical service and six simul
taneous secondary services. One of the
most Interesting meetings was held ln Al
bert Hall. Crowds overflowed every avail
able space, and it Is safe to say that sel
dom have two such religious gatherings
ever startled the" lethargic London town.
On one side of the royal arms in the cen
ter of the Alexandria Hall was placed a.
magnificent picture of the Capitol at
Washington, while the opposite side bore
pictures of the houses of Parliament.
From the walls and roof hung the United
States and the British flacs interwoven
with praceful festoons.
Dr. Gibson, formerly of Toronto now of
London, welcomed the members of the So
ciety of Christian Endeavor in behalf of
all Enerland. Honorary Secretary Rev. S.
\V. McKnlght also made an eloquent wel
coming address. The responses were made
by Chaplain W. V. Tracy of Philadelphia.
Two Immense Gatherings Held Sim
ultaneously, With Many Ameri
cans Numbered Among
the Speakers.
Young Christians' World's
Convention Opens in the
Metropolis.
ENDEAVORERS'
SOSES AWAKEN
LONDON TOWN
Newman Hal! aril Rev. W. Patterson of
Canada. Unth aA dresses and ivsponse3
were made In the niost cordial terms.
General Secretary John Willis Baer of
Boston responded and promised to Intro
duce Mrs. Cl'ark. Secretary Baer referred
to the GX) Americans who were expected to
arrive to-mcrrow. btt who had been de
; taine<l on ac.-oiint o* the disaster to tho
steamer b'aale. Six hundred more were ex
, parted hvter and woult! probably arrive ca
! Wednesday.
j ¦ Among: the speakers this evening -was
1 Helen Richardson. wh»o made a splendid
I address of welcome.
Meantime at AFhert >Iall, miles away.
similar scenes wtr® beir\- enacted, the im
mens*- auditorium •vibratfiitr ¦with Immtnm
Christian Endeavor choruses. Many ad
dresses were delivered by .Americans. The
wonderful system of organ.'zntfon and* the
white city at AtoxamArta i*ark Tiare al
ready astonished .London. Forty-six
American clergymen and orators are
booked to fill London- pulpits to-morrow,
though th«* delays of steamers may inter
fere with some of these arrangements.
PARIS, July 14.— The French national
holiday was celebrated with splendid
weather in Paris to-day. Holiday crowds
promenaded the streets, and an immense
concourse made its way to the Bois de
Boulogne to witness the military review.
Fears had been expressed that the lat
ter might prove an occasion for political
excitement of a serious character lor and
against the Government and President
Loubet. Nationalises and Socialists both
announced their intention of marching out
to Long Champs and indulging in demon
strations and counter-demonstrations.
President Loubet left the Klysee Palace
In the afternoon, escorted by cavalry, and
was everywhere cheered, except by one
solitary individual, who shouted as the
President was-passing, "Death to Lou
bet." He was immediately arrested.
The review passed off without serious
accident. A slight conflict occurred be
tween Socialists and Nationalists in tho
Bols. One or two persona were scratched
and a few were arrested. Otherwise there
was no trouble at the review grounds.
On returning to the Eiyseo Palace Pres
ident Loufcet was warmly cheered, but as
he was entering the palace a man cried
"Vive le armee." "Down with Loubet.'"
He was also arrested.
President Loubet after the grand mili
tary review of to-day sent a letter of con
gratulations to General Andre, comment
ing on the splendid appearance of the
army, and saying:
"Ihe modifications deemed necessary "in
the army have now been realized, thanks
to the general co-operation of Parliament
and the patrotism of all the chiefs and all
of the subordinates. This patriotism is a
safeguard of power for this army, which
in itself is the best guarantee of peace "
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
TRODDEN UNDER FOOT
PARIS, July 15.— The only regrettable
incident in connection wfcth the national
fete yesterday (Saturday) occurred at the
conclusion of the fireworks demonstration
at the Place de la Concorde, which was
filled with a dense crowd of people. When
the crowds tried to disperse along the
neighboring thoroughfares they found it
Impossible to move. They were packed
like herrings' ln a barrel. Men, 'women
and children began pushing and a panic
occurred. Women fainted by scores and
many children were' trodden under foot.
At least one hundred women were car
ried to the cafes ln the neighborhood. It
Is impossible to tell how many were in
jured.
No deaths have been reported as yet, al
though It is a marvel that none has oc
curred, because fifty, died on a similar
occasion at the exposition In 1357.
Two Men Who Openly Express Sen
timents Against President Loubet
Are Thrown Into Prison, but '
No Serious Conflicts.
FRANCE HONORS
ANNIVERSARY OF
BASTILE'S FALL
Streets of Paris Thronged
With Merrymakers From
Morning Till Night;
NOTED GERMAN
OFFICERS WILL
LEAD IN CHINA
Well Selected Corps to Be
Dispatched to the
Front
?
Berlin Press Welcomes News of the
B*cent Triumph of the
3oer Forces Near
Pretoria.
•
C©pyri*fc:e<i. 1500, by the Associated Tress.
"while the other powers bend their efforts
to subdue China, Kngland alone is pros
trate." etc., and with Its "small force of
mercenaries cannot be trusted" because
they are unable to "take an adequate part
in such tasks of civilization." The paper
adds:
"England Is thus forced to rely on
Japan to get her chestnuts from the fire.
England's Impotence is mainly owing to
her unrighteousness in the South African
war, and the legitimate interests of the
whole civilization thereby now suffer."
But this portion of the German press
has no influence.
Lieutenant General Poehemer in Die
Wbche to-day discusses the military situ
ation in China, pointing: out the difficul
ties of a campaign there for the allies.
Including the climate. commissariat.
housing, road?, possible lack of harmony
and international jealousies, saying:
"China evidently largely counts on the
latter, or else she would not have been
bold enough to defy the whole western
combination. She expects a large mortal
ity among the European troops during the
rainy season, just setting ln there."
The Government here remains without
confirmatory news of the losses and
rhlngs in the Kiaochou district.
"Diplomacy" of Chinese.
The newspapers are calling attention to
the alleged existence of a "Chinese cam
paign of lies," citing as proof the text of
a number of recent statements of the Chi
nese authorities, expressing the belief
that the Chinese are cunningly attempt
ing to arouse discord in the ranks of the
powers. The Vossisehe Zeitung thinks
China will not succeed in this, "as even
Russia has now been forced to acknowl- i
edge Chinese duplicity," proofs of which '
the Vossische Zeitung prints in a St I
Petersburg: special, saying that Russian I
troops on Juno 24 intercepted an imperial
edict which ordered the regular troops in I
BERLIN, July 14.— Interest in the Chi
r.ese enipma here is deepening steadily
both with the Government and the nat!on.
The preparations for a special expedition
occupy a large part of public attention.
Atnons the officers who will go to China
are a number of the best and most effi
cient in the German army. A score of
LONDON, June 14.— The fate of the le
gations at Peking: continues to absorb al
most undivided interest in Great Britain.
As the days of silence drag into weeks
the public tension and anxiety increase.
There is a feeling of gratitude here for
the strenuous efforts the United States is
making to compel China to give Minister
Grateful for America's Ef
forts to Get Message
to Peking.
— »
Conditions of Corruption in London
Equal Anything Discovered by
the Mazet and Lexo-w Com
mittees in New York-
•
Coryrlghted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
ALL BRITONS ARE
ABSORBED IN THE
BOXER TROUBLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
22
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
EUROPEAN CARTOONISTS ON THE BOXER TROUBLES.
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sar-
WxJ tyf.rtfx< Hi* OSvil XV
Are made strong when fed by the rich,
pure blood given by Hood's Sarsaparilla,
Sv/eet, refreshing sleep returns, mental
and physical vigor is restored and the ter-
rors of nervous prostration are avoided.
Many a weak, nervous woman and over-
worked man has found help In this great
medicine. All nervous people should try
It.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest MedlcineJ Price Jl.
Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the non-irritating
FACTS ABOUT FLOUR.
Made Whlta by I#eaving Out the
Part Which Helps Digest.
Modern methods of milling separate
the parts of the wheat berry that con-
tain the diastatic element, and furnish
only the white flour made up almost en-
tirely of starch.
One of the principal elements needed
to digest this starch has been left out in
the process, and therefore the person
who eats much white bread is almost
sure to have intestinal troubles, for the
starch does not digest properly and
must of necessity decay, and cause all
sorts of trouble.
Grape-Xuts food, on the contrary, is
made up of the entire wheat and bar-
ley, and the processes of digestion as
shown in the human body are copied as
exactly as possible, in a mechanical
way, by the use of moisture, time and
warmth. Xo chemicals or other ingre-
dients are used, but the simple methods
scientifically arranged.
In thi< way the starch of the grain is
transformed into grape sugar, and the
Grape-Xuts food, which appears in a
granular form, shows on the outside of
the little granules, glittering specks of
this grajjc sugar, which is not put onto
the food from the outside, but is a re-
sult of the change of the starch into
graj>e sugar, which works out to the
surface, very much as the sap of the
hickory or rnap!e tree will frequently
show in the shape of white sugar on the
sawed-off ends of logs.
A handful of Grape-Xuts held to the
light will show the little glittering par-
ticles of prape sugar. It is naturally and
scientifically predigested. therefore the
food agrees with the weakest sort of a
stomach. It must not be used in large
quantities at one meal, for it is concen-
trated, and over-feeding of even the
choicest food is not advisable.
Being perfectly cooked at the factory,
the food can be served instantly, either
dry or wet. cold or hot. When wanted
hot. hot water, milk or cream can be
poured over it. There is a definite, dis-
tinct and undeniable gain in nervous
energy and vitality when Grape-Nuts
food is used.
GRAPE-NUTS.
ly stimulate the nervous system, but per-
mr.nently Invigorates it.
Peruna regulates the supply of blood to
the various parts of the system. When
one part has more blood than It ought to
MRS. ELMER FIjEMING of Minne-
apolis. Minn., writes from
Polk street. X. E.:
"I have been troubled all my life with
catarrh. 1 took Peruna for about three
months, and now I think I am perman-
ently cured. I believe that for catarrh in
all Its forms Peruna Is the medicine of the
&ge. It cures when all other remedies
fail."
Mrs. C. Nickel, Hebron. Nebr.. writes:
"I suffered from weakness for ten years.
The least exertion caused me pain ln the
middle of my chest and difficulty In
breathing. "When I would awake in the
night my heart would palpitate so that I
often could not sleep. I took Peruna, and
now I can do all of my wnrk easily with-
out getting short of breath.
"Peruna is the best medicine for
me. It strengthens my nerves. It is
just what I need.^ As long as I use
Peruna I do not know anything about
weakness.
"I have never found a medicine
thai makes me feel so strong and
vigorous as Peruna. I shall always
keep Peruna in the house. It ought
to have a place in every home.
?•The longer I use It the better I like it.
I would not five your book. 'The Ills of
Life,' away for any price if I could not
get another."
Nervousness Is due to bloodlessness of
nerve centers. To
™"^™""^^^ enrich the blood is
• __.__- to cure ncrvou?-
HnW ness. Diseases of
the nervous sy«»-
P^PnCyA tem ca " for more
rCnVliH blood aru , better
»jg « W c C blood. Peruna an-
IYI/%rVKLO swers this call
O a r»WI>»V4 tem a perfect sup-
_.—.— k w»-j-x P'>" of pure red
NERVES. Mn«J -Thus It is
that Peruna is a
..b^^kmbb natural tonic. It
does not temporari-
hs-ve another part is deprived of Its nat-
ural supply ft blood. Thfe nets up all
sorts of functional irregularities so com-
mon to rx-ople whx> spend much time in-
doora. 1'eruna cines these affectlona* by
regula'inc the supply of blood and giving
to each i of th>» system enactry that
portion el the blond to which It is en-
titled.
.By procluc'nj; a natural appetite, cor-
retrtinp digestion and Tesrulatins the sup-
ply of blood in the system, Peruna re-
movft! tho cau^e of a thousand and pno
jnajailies very common in warm weather.
The fatigue end langour of hot
weaihor is directly due to impov-
erished blood. YhJs condition pre-
pares the, way for the advent of al.
most any disease. Peruna protects
the system against the ailments of
summer by fortifying /J with a regular
supply of tho best blood.
A book entitled "Summer Catarrh"
p»>nt free hy Tne Feruna Medicine Co.,
ADVEltTISEMENTS.
HOW
PERUNA
MAKES
STRONG
NERVES.
sanarilla.
tm H i ! l " / lf\ ' H>'H a O U b 1 e fects; double-breasted- P r i
HI HI I /Iv'U V, a knees and wlthout collar: for *um- M
mS H hi // //!'.;lVliH eeata- I" er wear and vacation ES
19 t I : VL*^ ! i . ]'l ff • J* unt9 = *t th* tra,le sat. Kg
H 1!'!'HR^ ii lul I0 t0 ' l6: S pRINO OVERCOATS- M
'H I 1 ;! nNSWi ¦vB in?lv koo m ? 7 u £\,~ le V™ m
S3 Bs''tlWi| !mH SUlt ' I5 ° things- u e wfuold ta ' nllVen ' H
M to-morrow at §£<lo r -IS' t SPRI - Nr ' v overcoats- E|
B3 FANCY WASHABLE VT^nr i. ln . t Tiyh brown9 . Oxfords- CH
M *2.OO iach" M11L 0BDES3 TILLID. fel
A.J.PRAGER a VONS
n| ** diMNEAPOUS, Mikm M* HEBRON, NEB. JfFirst in the column came Colonel E. J.
Power, accompanied by his staff, Lieuten
ant Colonel D. G. McGlynn. Major D. C.
Desey, Major James E. Power, Major
John P. Duffy, Major and Surgeon Jo
seph Morrisey, Captain and Assistant Sur
geon John Sullivan, Captain and Adjutant
P. J. Heggerty, and last, but by no means
least, except In point of size. Mascot 'Wil
lie Kane, chief trumpeter. Then came the
band, twenty-two strong, and the field
music of drummers and flfers. Next to
and. those In the secret expect to have a
laugh on the guard.
A special programme has been arranged
for to-morrow. In the morning the regi
ment wfll march In a body to Holy Cross
Church, of which Father McNamee is
pastor, and participate fn a military
mass. A special sermon will be preachefl
for their benefit.
Following is the routine to be observed
during the encampment: First call for
reveille. 5:20 o'clock; reveille. 5:30; break
fast call, 6:15; sick call, 6:43; first call,
school of battalion, Baber or skirmish,
7:10; assembly, 7:15; recall, 8:15; gruard
mounting, first call, assembly, 9; inspec
tion of tents. 10; orderly call, 10:15; dinner
call, 12; regimental parade, 5:40; retreat,
6; supper call. 6:15; tattoo, 10:30; taps, 11.
There are now 400 cadets in camp. A
large number will join their companies
during the week, thus making It the larg
est attendance ever at a league encamp
ment. Company D, In command of.Cap
tain Dwyer. has over fifty members pres
ent and makes a splendid showing. Ser
geants Geurou and Philhower are in at
tendance and will give the cadets the ben
efit of their' army knowledge.
CADETS LEAVE THE CITY
FOR SUMMER OUTING
TACOMA RAILWAY
COMPANY CENSURED
Coroner Holds an Inquest on the Vic
tims of the "Wreck in the
Fourth of July.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 14.— The Cor
oner's jury which ha3 been holding an in
quest over forty-three victims of the
street car accident July 4, to-night ren
dered a verdict charging that the accident
was caused by running at a dangerously
hiRh rate of speed and that F. L. Boehm,
motorman, was grossly careless in oper
ating the car and that the Tacoma Rail
way and Power Company was grossly
anrt criminally careless and negligent in
permitting Motorman F. L. Boehm to
go out on the car without any previous ef
fort to ascertain his efficiency on the
grade.
way and Power Company was grossly and
and Power Company waa grossly and
criminally negligent in maintaining the
dangerous grade without installing any
safety appliances, when the necessity o*f
such appliances had been fully demon
strated by a previous accident.
ENCAMPMENT CLOSES.
Interesting Papers Head on the Life
of John Wesley.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 14.— The rfnnual
Eummer encampment of Methodist min
isters closed last night with a discussion
of the life and character of Jphn Wesley,
one of the founders of Methodism. This
was the last in the series of lectures on
"The Famous Johns of Religious His
torj'" that has become a leading feature
of this year's encampment, and the life
of Wesley was presented in the I fullest
manner, his early years being the sub
ject of a paper by Rev. H. E. Milnes of
Santa Clara. His life from 20 to 40 years
of age was considered by Rev. William
Angwin of Campbell, from 40 to 60 by
Rev. C. E. Winning of Los Gatos and
from 60 to his death by Miss Mary Rob
ertson of Santa Clara. •
Tho afternoon session of the encamp
ment was marked by a lecture on the
present Chinese question by Rev. Dr. Mc-
Creary and was one of the most: largely
attended sessions of the week.
The ministers and their families who
have been In attendance upon this gather
ing returned to their respective homes to
day.
Apricots Are Small.
SAN JOSE. July 14.— Apricots are being
harvested rapidly now, and there is uni
versal complaint that they are averaging
smaller in size than ever before known In
this valley. The cauee ia not definitely,
known.- but. generally speaking, it la
ascribed to the llsht rainfall of the past
Uireo slaters.
was asked for, refused to countenance the
withdrawal of the petition and insisted
as there was no bar or regular liquor
business to be run in connection with the
schen:?, that a lisrht should be made
against the combined property holding
and religious factions. This view the
alumni did not coincide in so at present
a. seernins split in interests has occurred,
rhe alumni will prccoed with the build
ing, operating as an ordinary hotel with
out a license, which is obnoxious. Larkin
stands mute with the petition in his name.
IJis intentions are unknown, but it is a«<
pumed on good authority that he will
yield to the wishes of the alumni, file a
formal withdrawal of his petition and pro
ceed on plans as outlined.
LOS ANGELES' WATER FIGHT.
Company Decides to Contest the New
Ordinance in th.e Courts.
Special Dispatrh to Tlie Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 14.— All the water
consumers of Los Angeles are up in arms
against the Los Aog^Tes City Water Com
# J "u ana consequence the collectors
?C . w , c °n>oration have not presented
their bills for rents for July. In order to
» v. new water r »te ordinance adopt
% J? y thc 5 ity f 'ounc" June 25, the water
company has issued subpenas demanding
tnat a large army of consumers, being
namod from John and Richard Doe down
to bamupl Styx, appear In the United
btates District Court July 16 to answer
to the charge why an order should not
issue permitting plaintiff to collect the
rates lixed and to restrain any interfer
£?Jf? an 2 to e "J° ln any ku»s that may
£2? r i he "^thods of collection.
This has brought the committee of one
£? i r^L t0 l £ c front: alpo th e Association
Lodgins-house Keepers and the Fed-
£ r !J? ed Coun eil of Labor. From thes»
bodies, a committee has been appointed to
appear in court with the City Attorney
Monday next and defend the cause of the
!T"2. P le ;t.i A IarKe fund is l) cinK secured to
rl^ht this question and to disprove, not
withstanding the allegation, that 'the de*
fendants are not law breakers. An lndig.
nation meeting is planned and the out
come of the hearing will determine its
character and date.
New Water Company.
Sjvelal Dispatch to The Call
WILLOWS, July 14.— A new water and
liRht company under the name of the
I>emon Home Water Power and Light
Company has filed papers of incorporation
with the County Clerk. The place of busi
ness will be Orland and the corporation
'will continue for fifty years. .The capital
stock is $250,000 and is rapidly being sub
scribed. The object and aim or the com
pany is to build, control, operate and re
construct plants -and ditches for irrigat
ing. Water and light will also be fur.
nished for domestic use. The prominent
stockholders of the company already own
a valuable irrigating ditch near Orland,
known as the Brown ditch. The trustees
of the company are: Amlel and Mose
Hochheimer of Willows, Thomas and Da.
vid Brown and Samuel Ehorn of Orland
and John FraaK gpenccr of Sacramento.
Projectors cf the Scheme Promise to
Yield to the TVishss of the
Ccmnaunity.
Sr*?iaJ Di«pav:h to Th* Cell.
PALO ALTO. July 14.— The building of a
proposed hot"l on a tract of land opposite
Ftanford 1 University on the county road
by an incorporated company of Stanford
*uumni has caused a ripple of excitement
5n the contiguous town of Palo Alto on
account cf the application of Joseph Lar
kln. the man Kieeted to manage the con
cern, for liot-nse to sell ll<iuor in the
e*ta.blishment. Although in the petition
tor the license, riled in San Jose some
week)! ago.it was expressly stipulated that
there was to be no bar in connection with
the place, people of Pa'.n Alto fearful of
a tni!=us« of th*> privilege have circulated
petitions apain^t the granting of the order
by the Board of Supervisors.
"The t*>dy cf alumni back of the scheme,
r^pr^sent^*! by Charles K. Fifld. '05. and
J. F. Pheehan Jr.. T6. who arr respectively
president and swrt-tarj- of the company,
vieldirg to the wishes of th? community,
fradily acquiesced to the demand of the
citizens and placed a withdrawal by Lar
kin In the hands of the company s at
torney?, t-'obb & Rea of San Jose. The
fict of obTalninc or not obtaining a liquor
Ilcer.s' 1 ! absolutely cut no figure with the
company's project, it bains' the avowed
object to run a much needed hotel -with
¦merely irrill room and dining- hall accom
paniments. The famous Princeton Inn
idea which the drinkinj? evils
in that collep* community was partly held
in view by the alumni, with the further
Idea, of maintaining- a thorough hotel an
nex In a district bereft cf any kind of
h«tlery. The building is to cost over
iy^OOO. most of the stock of the project
bavins already been subscribed. It is to
fo«* of th<? Spanish style of architecture
and surrounded by grounds of the eld
Mexican pattern.
An odd turn of affairs came on yester
day when Joseph Larkln. the selected
manager in whose name the application
WILL NOT SELL LIQUOR
AT THE STANFORD HOTEL
Special Dispatch to The Call
PALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ. July 14.— This city is now in
U possession of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets. The
members of that organization cap
tured the pretty city by the sea without
a 1oe.« to their ranks and do not propose
evacuating- until they have won the resi
dents and visitors to their standard. The
capture of the home of the "beachcomb
ers" was neatly planned and carried into
execution by Colonel Power. The cadets
in full panoply of war entered the north
ern end of the city In a special train of
fourteen cars and on disembarking' formed
into line and. headed by their band,
marched to the place of encampment. As
they passed through the main streets they
were greeted with cheers and waving of
handkerchiefs. T_*pon reaching- Camp
O'Ryan. which is situated in the Dolphin
baseball park, within a stone's throw of
the beach, the regiment was marched by
companies to the respective sfreets and
took possession of their tented houses.
Within a short time they were peaceful
and happy and very hungry.
At 7:45 p. m. the entire regiment sat
down to a hearty supper prepared by
Caterer Abrams. The privates sat be
neath a canopy of white muslin. Four
long 1 tables laden with spoons, tin cups
and homemade bread were spread before
the hungry cadets. The boys proved good
trenchermen and left the table fully satis
fied.
Colonel Power and his staff and line of
ficers sat at another table and also did
full Justice to their meal. Rev. Father
Philip O'Ryan. spiritual director of the
regiment, has taken Quarters with the
regiment. Before the boys partook of
food he said grace, which was repeated
by the cadets. Immediately after dinner a
puard was posted round the camp and
strict orders were issued to the cadets
to be in their tents at "laps" or suffer a
night in the guardhouse.
Judjringr by the quiet smiles of the ca
dets, there will be some exciting time? in
the early hours of the morning when they
attempt to evade the puard in entering
camp. A high board fence will not deter
young fellows. Members of the advance
guard have prepared exits and entrances
through the fence by loosening boards
DEPARTURE OF THE LEAGU E OF THE CROSS CADETS FOR
CAMP O'RYAN, SAXTA CRUZ.
Monday we will Introduce the "Walkover
Shoes to San Francisco. "The Walk
over" is the nobbiest and best shoe ever
sold for $3 50. Visitors Invited to listen
to the music and look. Walkover Shoe
Store, Baldwin Annex. •
Walkovers To-Morrow.
An Increased Population.
WASHINGTON. July 14.— The Census
Office issued its first bulletin to-day, giv
ing the population of the District of Co
lumbia at 27S.71S. This is an increase since
the last census of 48,32$, or 20. 9S per cent.
the band marched Private James Mac-
Xamara, carrying the regimental colors,
and Sergeant Merrill unde,r tho stars and
stripes.
At 2 o'clock the cadets were on hand
and th*» roll was called in the Armory-
Hall. In the ranks of Company O there
was a non-commissioned officer absent.
Sergeant Joseph Dennison had received
the news of his sister's death Just as he
was about to take his place at the head
of his company.
* Father O'Ryan. In whose honor the
camp at Santa Cruz is name/1, and several
friends and relatives accompanied the
cadets. Another important member of
the expedition was "Beauty," the mascot
of Company O.
SANTA CRUZ IS CAPTURED BY
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
Dt'XSMUIR, July 14.— The people of
Dunsmuir were awakened at midnight
last night to find part cf the resident por
tion of the town in flames, which threat
ened to spread over the entire town, ow
ing to a heavy bre"eze blowing at the
time.
The Fire Department was promptly on
hand and hose laid, but when the flre hy
drants were opened it was found there
was no water in the pipes. The tire
gained headway rapidly from the home
of M. J. McKlroy, where the flre origi
nated in the franu? cellar that stood near
the house. No fire or lamps have ever
been in this cellar.
The flames were first seen by several
people coming from the door of the cellar
of the house. Nine dwellings in all were
consumed— Manly M. Brown, two houses.
Insured; James Pendergast. insured; J. D.
Tarleton, insured; D. Freel. insured; W.
Ludlow. insured; J. D. Jordan, insured;
1. R. Wells, insured; George C. Scholes,
insured.
The wind c-hanered and the wide streets
confined the fire to the one square on each
side' of Florence avenue. The total esti
mated loss is $12.0<jO.
THREE FAMILIES ARE
RENDERED HOMELESS
GRUB GULCH. July 14.-Since July 4 a
fierce flre has been raging in the moun
tains south of the Fresno River and up
to date territory to the amount of twenty
square miles has been burned. The fire
was started on the Fourth of July at the
Holton place by a firecracker set off by
one of the little girls. The house and out
buildings were burned and as the flames
could not be checked It rapidly spread
eastward, sweeping everything before it.
All fences on the line have been burned,
while three families have been rendered
homeless.
The fire reached North Fork Tuesday
night and the whole population turned
out to fight the flre from the homes. It
took a hundred men to keep it from the
houses. The. flames passed around the
town and are still sweeping eastward".
The old Waterloo stamp mill, together
with thousands of dollars' worth of ma
chinery was burned Thursday. A terrific
explosion Monday announced that the
powder mill at Quartz Mountain had
blown up. Fortunately no one was near.
Hundreds of cords of wood have been
burned. There Is no telling when the flre
will stop.
Stubble Fire at Edg-ewood.
Winery Burned.
REDDING, July 14.— Nearly all the men
In Redding were called out this morning
to fight a stubble fire north of Edgewocxl,
which for a few moments threatened de
struction ,to the entire city. The flames
were successfully extinguished with a
loss of only a few fences. A wind from
the north made the situation quite serious
for a few minutes. ' '
SAN* JOSE, July 14.— About 3 o'clock thl3
morning the winery of H. L. Reynaud.
Just west of the city, was destroyed by
fire. The total loss Is placed at $7000, with
$2250 Insurance. Considerable cooperage
and wine was destroyed. The origin of the
lire is not known.
Town of Duxant Burned.
DALLAS. Tex.. July 14.— Fire at Durant.
I. T.. wiped out the greater portion of the
business section. Loss $100. 000; Insurance
$40,000. William Wittenburtr was fatally
Injured while fighting the fire.
Fire at Los Angeles.
Lumber Mill Burned.
LOS ANGELES. July 14.— A fire occurred
this morning which destroyed about $3000
worth of property on South Olive street,
between First and Second.
SPOKANE, Wash.. July 14.— The Buck
eye Lumber Mill burned last night, with
100.000 feet of lumber. Loss $30,000, Insur
ance $20,000.
Firemen "Worked Hard, but Were
Badly Handicapped Owing to the""
Fact That the Water Pipes
Were Empty.
Fanned by a Strong Breeze
It Threatened the En
tire Town.
FIRE DESTROYS
MANY HOUSES
IN DUNSMUIR
GEORGETOWN-. Ky.. July 14.— The at
tendance at the trial of ex-Secretary of
State Power*, charged with bring an ac
complice to the murder of William Goe
bel. was smaller to-day than any time
elnce Monday, when the case was first
called. It was believed that only the civil
engineer who measured the State house
tt Prankfon. where the crime occurred.
and the doctors who performed the au
topsy oa the body of the- victim, would
n« put on the stand by the common
¦wealth. Tlie prosecution hoped to show
by these witnesses and by measurements
•and drawings that the fatal bullet was
Sred from one of two front windows of
» room In the executive building occupied
curing his term of ofSce by the prisoner.
Powers. A trunk containing the garments
.¦worn by the victim on the morning of the
jdliJng was broug-ht into court to be ex
hibited and filed.
Mead Woods on. County Surveyor of
Franklin County, th« civil engineer who
read© the measurements, was on the
r-.ar.l for over two hours. He had with
i~.im profile drawings, diagrams and a
block cf " wood taken from a tree in th«
€tate hou?e yard, which was supposed to
contain the latal bullet. The defense un
dertook to fhow that the surveyor had
not been sufficiently accurate in his meas
urement from the supposed entrance of
the bullet in the tree to show that the
shot ¦was fired from the window of the
Secretary of State's office.
At the request of the prosecution. Mr.
¦Woodfcon, after leavliyr the stand, re
jr.oved the builet from the block of wood,
#nd marking it for identification passed
the bit of lead about the bar. The jury
*-xarrJned it with Interest.
Warden Ld'.lard of Frankfort prison,
¦who was a dose friend of the deceased.
testified that he accompanied Mr. Goebel
tad Jack Chfnn ta the State house on the
mnming of the shooting and Ifft them
fast before the fatal shot was fired. As
he approached the State house that morn
ing xvuh (Jcebel ar.4 China he noticed that
the> Capitol grounds were clear, whereas
formerly "mountain men" were numer
ous. He left 5ils two companions and had
reached th»» door to the main Oapitol
building when he heard shots, and looking
back saw G^obel fall. He declared that
one of the front windows in the office of
the Secretary of State was partly raised
at the time.
Dr. T. R. Welch of Jessamir.e County a
fellow State Senator of Goebel. ae-
Frtibed thf wound in the body of the de
<-eate4. faying: h^ was Mint in front and
¦i hat th<? T\'"und was not inflicted trlth a
leaden bullet. He said the wound was the
f'.zf of a SS-c-aliber builot.
H«?r«? ihe blood-stained clothing worn by
¦t!i<* victim on th» day of the a?<a?sir.a
rl<?n was produced and identified by the
¦witness. Tbere «raa profound silence dur
inic the examination of these ghastly rel
ics by the jury. Arthur Ooebel was pres
ent, but would not look at the garments.
Prosecution Endeavoring to Prove
That th» Assassin's Bullet Was
Fired From ex-State Secre
tary's Window.
Ghastly Evidence Exhibited
at the Goebel Murder
Trial.
BLOODSTAINED
GARMENTS ARE
SHOWN I N COURT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
The League of the Cross Cadets fell in
at their armory at Market and Tenth
streets yesterday and marched to tho
ferry, where they embarked at 2:15 o'clock
for Santa Cruz. The formation was In
three battalions, fifteen companies being
In line. The cadets looked very natty in
their fatigue uniforms, campaign hats
and brown gaiters. This Is an innovation
and was voted a great improvement over
the white caps of last year.
23
ADVES'
S. F. BUSINESS COLLECE.
1QQO MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
1 -— OO keeping; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Oregs shorthand,
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and training of boys an 1 ycur.2 trcrt.
Charming surroundings, perfect cllmata. Tea-.!»
year begins August: *>. send for catalogue.
IRA a; HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC g8!L N Ec S E S
Great Business Tralnlatr and Shorthand School.
Has the larsest and best equipped depts. in ta«
West. SCO youn« men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cat.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees: seminary course accredited to th«
Universities; rare opportunities offered in music.
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MR3.
C T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collegs P. O.. Cal.
Tnlrty filth ysar: fall term opens Au«. 8. 1300.
And dark, heavy circles around eyes, dizziness,
means too much tobacco or abuse, faintings,
weakness, all show excess. Prostatitis, or en-
largement of the prostate gland, is caused by
improperly treated stricture.
GU Pi DENE cures -without an operation.
When you find yourself in this condition 1 get
GUPiJENE, take a box.
GUPiBEME is sold and guaranteed.
Pnc box costs $1.00; six for $5.00; by mail or
at drug. store whoae name appears below.
Write for circular! ; writ© for free tostimonlalj. Address
Davol Mfedfoine Go.,
GRANT PHARMACY, 88 Third St.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Est. 1ST7. Men and women taught In oni»
month the science of navteatintr a vessel around
the world. Privately if desired. Martna encl-
neem prepared for license. CAPT. VOJJ
SCHOEN. M. E.. etc.. principal. « Market st.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. A'ameda. has)
been removed to IrvlnEton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and trrouada in-
vited. W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
Son Francisco. California.
STUDIES Wrti. BE RESUMED MONDAY.
Auecn 6. 1900. Dolores at., near Sixteenth.
COLLEGE iNOTRE DAME
302 Montgomery st.. San "ranclsco. Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, bestsystem.'
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1S49 Jackson St.. Saji Francl3co. Boardinc an<J
Day School for Girls. Accredited to tho Univer-
sity of California. Lelanrt Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar and Smith CoUesrm
SARAH E>. HAMLLV. Principal.
And nervo-vital weakness is distinctly due to cigarette smoking and abuse. As sure as
you abuse nature's organs so sure must you expect weakness. GUPIDEME is the
great restorer. GZJPBDEHE stops emissions, cures paleness, emaciation, lost power,
lost manhood. (QUPIDEHE cures pains in the back, pains in the side, pains in the
chest, pains about the spinal column. G (10 PUSS Eft E reinvigorates and remakes man.
iifi ££ $ Wz £ff J3F®iP©£#® EWB & ffi h SS O sS
Comes to the weak and puny, the poor and dissipated man. When you get up in the
morning you just feel like a rag, no ambition, no vim, no vigor; then why,' yes, why, don't
you use GSJ^FDEPlEm You can't go on in this way; there muse be a change; why not
get a change for the better? GISPESS^HE is just what you need. After using
GUsPSEStENE your blood will tingle and run through your veins like young blood.
You will be absolutely a man, a full-fledged man in every conce';vable sense of the word.
$2>§J£PEK3lE$3E has been used in France, in Germany. Bohemia and the United
States for t-w-e-n-t-v years. Men, young and old, say GUP3DENE is a fine remedy.
Men say GUPBE*E$5E stops prematureness of the discharge in seven days.
TKVTSQ T23STTITJTE.
Boarding and day school for youn? ladles, t^J
California St.. will reopen Aujtust «, 1300. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary .department
for children: carrlxice will call. REV. EI>
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
THE LYCEUM,
AX ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOt.
for the university, law and medical col-
leges ; references. President Jordan or aa7
Stanford professor. Phelan bulMlnff.
mation and ulcera-
Is the type of the modern woman at ner
healthiest and best. She walks with an
easy grace. She is a. picture of perfect
womanhood in the springtime of life.
But generally the golf dub is laid aside
' -with marriage. A physical languor op-
presses the once
athletic girl. Ex-
S^ erdse makes her
«back ache. She
tires easily. Usually
jy *6«§» she accepts this con-
jf\ W t~M oa as a natural
J^\l 1 thing, but it is un-
r > SJriL^jA>>/ natural. Marriage
1 $2$ffifc+5~b. should add to worn-
\&^%P>Wi ** than subtract
irozi it. If -women
jljJf-SjSif understood how in-
h *S^^r timately the general
/ health is related to
A %f\ the local health of
fl *!}! n^A the womanly organs,
A\,V fti they tvould anpreci-
fi U *b£\ ate the fact that
1P^«* yIi there is no need to
fe^'^NiX Wtl suffer from weat-
fovi^SafvlPl ness an^ backache.
ralr^K^A V?* use of Doctor
iV^VAin^A Pierce's Favorite
K <^ji -X^tS Prescription makes
Lut ®J?^^ weak women strong,
TO sick woaen well.
lyjL^^^^^fcl It regulates the per-
f.\ iods. heals inflain-
jCJtiorU cures female
weakness, and puts
the body in a condition of, sound health.
Mrs. K. A. Alsbrook. of Au4in, Lonoke Co.,
Ark_, writes: "After five mon3is of gTeat saf-
ferinz with female weakness I write for the
benefit of other sufferers from the same afflic-
tion. I doctored with our family physician with-
out *nv good results, so my hashand urged me
to try t)r. Pierce'6 medicines — which I did. with
»oncerfal results. I am compWely cured. I
i t'ok four bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription, four of his 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' end two vials of his * Pleasant Pellets.' ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellet* cure con-
(Upation and its consequences.'-
Established over a third of a ceatury: has *
national reautatton. ami waa cne of the few
schools selected to r?pres«r.t the fievelopine.it
of commercial education ax the Paris Exposi-
tion; o-ver 17.C0O (rraduatea successfully apply-
ing- their knowledge: ZOO jradaatts annaa 1 .!/
placed in positions; 23 teachers: open the ci;:: i
year; new S0-pa;e catalogue free.
24 POST STREET. San Francisco,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate JCooma. Gymnaslom. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Boarflor and Day School for Gir!s— I52S Cfcan-
nin* way, Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life.
lars» garden, eymnantutn : acer^dlt-d to Vnlver-
*lty of California. Stanford University, Vassa?
and Smith Colleges Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term orens Aurust 8. 1500.
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
ST. MATTHEW'S MIl S.
SAX MATEO. CAL. For catalosns and illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
NEWSPAPER SISazihe
Illustration. PARTIXGTOX'S resumes Auirust
1. Pay anrt nisrht classes. Apply R. L. PART-
INGTO.V. 414 Pine St.. S. F.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN* JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RFST-irE STUDIES ON TCESDAT.
August 7. l?00. '
Your
Eye=G2asses
Ar» Important —even as your °ros:?ht !s im-
portant. We mean that every pair of eyeK!asn<*3
we flt shall fit precisely. Any oculist wi;l tell
you that we are oar^ful ana exact.
Our new clip is sectJrity # 5Qc.
Oculists' rwcripti^r.s Cllei. Factory oa
premises. Quick, repairing. Photi*. Main 10.
OPTI Cl AN5 H Jo5*p -"f A?P * WT u \
*• Scientific
64Z Market 5t. instrumsnts
u,«oe«* cM«o»«at Bwt8i>*&. Catalogue Fpee.
Kidney trouble preys upon the rr.ir.d. dis-
courages and lessens ambition: beauty, vigor
., j _ and cheerfulness soon
( ;0'" 1^»^ disappear when the kid-
nTr^— w^y& neya are cut of order
Z Htl<fe^2t^ Kidne/ jroubla has
-' »1^ ! '\.*^3t-l i- « C3rn - SD prevalent
y '&>£ \] that i:i.> not uncommon
//!y*-^\4r~^i for a child t0 b:i born
/?' l*i \ -^ VU v^f afflicted with wsak kid-
r.eys. If the child urin-
urine scalds the flesh or if, when the child
rsaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted, with
bed-wetting, deper.d upci it. ths causs cf
the difficulty 13 kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towsrds the treatment of
these important crgar£. Thb ur.pieacar.t
trouble is due to a c.ztzz'd condition cf ths
kidneys and bladder and net to a habit a_i
most Deocle sucocse.
Women zz well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both nesd the same great remedy.
The mild and ths immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- fSz.tfl''. "--^
cent and one dollar *s3j
sizzs You may havs a||^fgggg
sample bottle by mail
free, also pamphlet tell- Eom* of awwup-itoct.
ing all afaou: it. including many of tho
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Einghamtcn. N. Y., bs sure and
mention this paper.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
DE. STLSTES'S SWAMP-ECOT.
ff Men Made Whole \|
\cUPiDENE. I
$1*00 a Box* JsrT. L. Carothers reiterates that a po'.:t"cal
quarrel Is th? cause of It all. If his son
Is Incompetent, he says, It was strange he
was permitted to serve seven years.
Carothers junior and King have both been
at the hospital from the besrinnlns. The
whole county is taking sides for or against
King. The case of George, the carpenter,
involves only the question whether the
old board promised to reinstate him upon
his return from Nome. King says that he
does not care when the hearing occurs. If
the board wishes to remove him It can do
so. King made a successful fight in the
Supreme Court before when the attempt
was made to oust him.
TWO OF THE MEN WHO FIG
URE PROMINENTLY IN THE
CONTROVERSY AT THE
UKIAH ASYLUM.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH, July 14.— Interest In develop
ments at the asylum Is now at
white heat. The main issue is
whether Superintendent King, who
removed Engineer M. M. Caroth
ers, Carpenter James George and Steward
\V. G. Jones, shall be sustained. The
board of managers has begun an Investi
gation. Four members of the board.
White being absent, have taken testi
mony relative to the cases of the two dis
missed employes, Carothers and George.
The hearing of the Jones case will take
place next Saturday. While much inter
est Is manifested concerning the retalia
tory charges filed by T. L. Carothers
against Superintendent King, the board
has chosen to put off the trial of these
charges until those against the subor
dinates are disposed of. If the subor
dinates are reinstated, such action will
foreshadow something concerning the
possible outcome in the King case.
Ex-Senator Sewell, who has appeared
with J. C. Buddick as counsel for King,
admits this to be a fact. Sewell said to
night: "The board cannot reinstate them
without reversing King, and study of hos
pital management has convinced me that
a hospital cannot succeed without harmo
nious action on the part of the chief and
his staff." The Inference is that if the
subordinates return King will retire. The
appreciation of this fact has given the
keenest zest to public anticipation.
Ihe hearing of tne mst two cases-
George's and Carothers'— took place last
Saturday. The Jones case was to have
been heard to-day. Tnere were not enough
members to make a quorum and tne
Jones case went over until next Saturday.
The charges against King will not be
heard until August 4, and perhaps not so
soon as that.
No dtcisiori will be delivered In the cases
already heard until at least Jones' testi
mony has been taken. The board of man
agers is not Inviting publicity, indeed,
one member of the board said to-night:
"If the general public should come to the
hearing they would not be admitted."
The testimony taken last Saturday was
jealously guarded. A stenographer was
imported from San Francisco that no local
lnlluenc.es might be brought to bear. The
notes were not transcribed, but were
taken to San Francisco, where they now
are. President Foster says that there
may not be money enough to ever have
them transcribed. He also denies that
the members have discussed the testimony
already received, and says that at his ex
press request no opinion was expressed
by any member after the taking of testi
mony last Saturday.
In the meantime there Is a queer situa
tion at the asylum. Secretary F. C. Handy
is acting as steward. Jones remains in his
rooms In the asylum, as he says, to pro
tect his legal rights to the position of
steward. When Superintendent Kin?
asked him to deliver the keys he refused.
Thereupon the iucks were changed on cer
tain doors to prevent Jones from perform
ing any duties as steward. This is Jones'
version. King's statement of the' case dif
fers. King says Jones Is there because
the board of managers requested that
Jones be permitted to remain pending the
decision in his case. His salary Is held
up in the meantime.
Charges of incompeteney and inciting
Inmates to insubordination were filed by
Klns against Jones last week. Jones aids
to the legal snarl by claiming that he was
removed before the charges were filed.
No one interested cares to discuss the tes
timony in advance of the hearing, as the
matter will soon be heard by the board of
If the Managers Reinstate the Discharged Em
ployes It Is Believed Superintendent
King Will Resign.
INVESTIGATING SCANDALS
AT THE UKIAH ASYLUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900,
The Cruel Boxers
Will' answer to . the powers for their at
tacks on the foreigners, but cannot stop
us from Belling. 2000 pairs of Ladies' Ties
in ' black, tan and canvas , for 60c a pair,
worth $2 and $3. On sale to-morrow at the
Standard Shoe Co., 1029. Market sireet.
between Sixth 'and Seventh. •
TEN THOUSAND YOUNG
CHRISTIANS PRESENT
New Commissary of Subsistence at
San Francisco.
• WASHINGTON, July 14.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Falrplay, Min
nie E. Allen; Newton, Angellne Ferreta,
Appointed — Sunland, Los Angeles County;
V. F. Rowley, vice L. T. Rowley re
signed.
These pensions were Issued to-day:
California: Original— John William Meyers
Los Angeles, t€; Isaac H. Bell, Los Angeles,
$5; George A. Daggett, Bakersneld, $6; Hillery
R. Bevins. Los Angeles. JS; Altnore Wilder,
Josephine, $U. Restored and increase — George
W. Baldwin, Aromas. JG. Increase— Lionel B
Hart, Hunter, $8; Levl S. Parrott, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $24. Original widows—In
crease, Eliza Adelaide Ball, Santa Barbara, $40
Oregon: OrlBinal— Charles C. Richards Port
land, is. -Additional— Jeremiah H. Converse
Wilhoit. $8. Original widows— Theresa E*
Sauls. Pendleton. *12.. '
Washington: OrlRlnal— Hugh BlggestafT, Ma
rietta $6; George H.- Walker, Tacoma, $S Re
issue—Jacob E. Noell, Tacoma, $22 50k
Major Hugh J. Gallagher,, chief com
missary of > subsistence, San Francisco
has been, assigned to duty as chief com
missary of United States troops In China
Major Gallagher will be relieved as chief
commissary at San Francisco by Major
Oliver E. Wood, now at Havana.
Questions Answered by the California
Cured Fruit Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 14.— The executive com
mittee of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation has settled down to solving the
knotty questions confronting it with a
determination which indicates an early
and satisfactory settlement. Among the
matters taken under advisement are the
selection of a head accountant and head
inspector and their assistants. Inquiries
are constantly, being made at the head
quarters of the association as to whether
a packer who la a member of the pack
ers' company has a right to purchase
prunes from a grower not a member of
the association. The answer is an em
phatic no. This is specifically provided
for in the packer's contract and the pen
alty for its violation is a fine of $1000.
A grower, however, who is a member
of the association can, if «he chooses, buy
prunes of one not a member artd turn
them over to the association with his own.
The grower's contract covers all prunes
he may handle, whether grown by him
self or some one. else.
A' meeting of the full board of directors
has been called for next Tuesday for the
purpose - of - determining some questions
that are outside the province of the ex
ecutive committee as defined in the by
laws. :^.-y-^-.^.-J:<^% '¦_<"¦'¦ ¦-?"
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Prizes Awarded in Junior Service at
the Convention of Baptist
' Unions.
CINCINNATI. July 14.— The attendance
at the third day of the Baptist Young
People's Union was estimated at 10,000.
Dr. H. M. Wharton of Philadelphia led
the devotional hour with an' address on
"Personal Work."
After the reports of committees, ad
dresses were delivered by Hon. B. F. Dun
widdy of Johnsville, Wis. ; Dr. T. C. John
son of Charleston, W. Va., and Dr. 8. J.
Jameson of Atlanta, the last named de
scribing some phases of mission work in
the South.
In discussing the student volunteer
movement, Franklin W. Sweet of St.
Paris, Ohio, spoke of its "Origin;" Rev.
Albert Ehrgott of Springfield. Ohio, of
"Its Marvelous Development," and
Charles B. Tenney of Rochester, N. Y.,
of "Its Significance."
The afternoon was devoted to junior
exercises, with on address by Dr. W. R.
Hacher of Richmond, Va., on "Child
Conversion and Child Training."
In the junior service, banners were
awarded to Lebanon, Ont., for Bible cul
ture; to Union City, Pa., for the mission
ary conquest course: to Detroit, Mich., for
sacred literature, and to Lebanon, Ont-,
for general excellence. There were 11,500
papers submitted in this contest.
In addition to a chorus of 400 voices, the
singing of Dr. Wharton was a feature to
night. The exercises continue to-morrow
morning, afternoon and evening.
RULES FOR BUYING PRUNES.
Convention Dates Named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, July 14.— This afternoon the
Republican County Central Committee de
cided to hold the county convention on
Saturday. September 8. The Democratic
County .Central Committee also In session
voted to hold the Democratic convention
September 15. .-¦¦^•-.¦r.
Ratification at Biggs.
BIGGS. July 14.— The Democrats to-night
ratified the Kansas City ticket at an en
thusiastic meeting held at the B street
plaza. The meeting was presided over by
W. E. Duncan of Oroville. Hon. J. D.
Sproul of Chico and other speakers ad
dressed the meeting.
NEW YORK, July 14.— A committee of
Gold Democrats to-day Issued a call for a
meeting in this city on July 18 to devise
the best method of placing in nomination
a third ticket for President and Vice Pres
ident upon a platform "denouncing and
combating the fallacies and unconstitu
tional greeds of both the old parties."
The call was signed by Gold Democrats
of New York, Massachusetts, New Hamp
shire and Colorado.
?
Another Notification for Bryan.
DENVER, July 14.— In accordance with
the Instructions of the National Monetary
Convention at Kansas City the following
have been appointed members of the com
mittee, of which Judge A. W. Rucker of
Colorado will be chairman, lo notify Mr.
Bryan of the proceedings and action of the
convention: Arizona. Hon. C. L. Hughes,
Tucson; California, Frank Wlllaru Kim
ball, San Francisco: Idaho, Hon. James
\V. Reid, N'ampa; Montana. Charles S.
Hartman, Bozeman; Utah, R. C. Cham
bers. Salt Lake; Washington. J. II. White,
Seattle: Wyoming, Hon. J. E. Osborne,
Rawlins.
Convention Called.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. July 14.-The Republi
can County Central Committee, at a meet
ing held at the office of the chairman In
this city to-day, issued a call for a county
convention of the party, to be held in this
city on Saturday, September 28.
GOLD DEMOCRATS R/IAY
NAME A THIRD TICKET
Marsh Sentenced.
STOCKTON. July 14,-Charles Marsh,
the waiter, who pleaded guilty to a charge
of attempting, to murder C. H. Holman,
proprietor of the United States Hotel, on
the night of June 26. was sentenced to-day
by Judge Budd to fourteen years at San
Quentin.
GEORGE GOULD
MAY BE SENT
TO CONGRESS
Probable Successor of Rep
resentative Gardiner of
New Jersey.
Gubernatorial Aspirations of the In-
cambent "Will Clear the "Way
for the Millionaire's
Election.
But Representative Gardiner wants to
be Governor and is, in fact, the choice
for that office of many Republican lead
ers in the State. The plan is that the
Representative will be returned for the
Ftlty-seveath session of Congress to com
plete some important legislation and to
continue to serve on the Industrial Com
mission. He will then become J a com
promise candidate for Governor. He can
tecure enough support to take from his
candidacy any element of doubt. He will
let go of his Congressional connection,
eftor a service of twelve years, and then
It will b*? for the Second New Jersey Dis
trict tn rind his successor. This successor.
It is said, may be George Gould.
Mr. Gould enjoys the close friendship
Br.il cnfliienw of many of New Jersey's
foremost Republicans. He also has, mul
ti-millionaire though he be. scores of per
Fnnal admirers among humble voters of
the district, for he is democratic in his
•ways and a plain, everyday citizen of the
LAKEWOOD, N. J.. July 14.— That
George J. Gould will run for Congress on
¦the Republican ticket In the Second~New
Jersey District is a story that is being
told in Lakewood. Ocean County, In
which the famous Georgian Court, where
Mr. Gould makes his home, is situated,
has never had a representative, and po
.litlcal wiseacres say: "It is Ocean Coun
ty's turn." Mr. Gardiner, the present Rep
resentative from the Second District, has
held office for twelve years, and if he de
sired re-election an opponent would have
an almost hopeless task, as the district
Is solidly Republican, giving pluralities
Tanging from C0OO to 17.000, and Mr. Gardi
r-er is popular with a vast majority of Re
publicans.
tj*eial Dispatch to The C*1L
HONORS FOR GUARDSMEN.
Rifle and Revolver Championships
Decided at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. July 14.— The National
Guard championship contest for first and
second class State medals for rifle and re
volver practice, shooting off the scores
for 1S9S and 1899, was held at the Ameri
can rifle range to-day. The day was an
ideal one, but the scores were not up to
the average. The inspectors of rifle prac
tice met to-night and a number of inter
esting papers on the improvement of tar
get practice were read. The medal win.
ners were as follows:
Revolver scores, 'fifty yards — Lieutenant J. G.
Lee start Second Infantry, first cla*s medal
for'l89S; Major Hi A. Wegener. staft, Second
Brlcade, second clans medal for 1898; Lieuten
ant O J. Boden, Troop B. Cavalry, first class
medal for 1S99; First Lieutenant «. C. Thaxter,
staff Seventh Inrantry, second class medal for
1S09.
The rifle scores were shot at 200, 300 and
500 yards, five shots at each distance, and
the medal winners are:
Corporal P. B. Bevllle. Company E, Pixth In
fantry, first class medal for 1898; Captain F. L.
HevnoldB. Company F, Seventh Infantry, sec
ond class medal for 1898; Private \V. A. Sutfin.
Company D, Second Infantry, first class medal
for 1S99; Private C. A. Gardner, Company ¦ K,
Second Infantry, with second class medal for
1S03.
The other scores were:
Sergt. M. L. Perkins, G. 2d Inf ...39* SS
SerKt J It. Joseph. B. 2d Inf 46 51
Major T. C. Poulter, 5th Inf 60 57
I'riv. C. A. Gardner, E, 2d Inf CS 61
Prlv. W. A. Sutnn, D. 2d Inf «0 54
Sergt. H. G. Brownell, B, 2d Inf 30 29
Prlv. C. H. Manville, B. 2d Inf 33 38
Corp. B. F, Nutting, 'E; 2d Inf 59 60
Priv. F. Howerton, E. 2d Inf. — 55
Prlv. F. A. Gardner, E. 2d Inf — ¦¦¦:. 44
Pergt. A. A. ISoyden, 1), Eth Inf 41 41
Sergt. J. M. Mllliken, G, 2d Inf 60 54
Corp. P. A. Brown, G, 2d Inf 07 59
Sergt. F. W. Mlxter E, 6th Inf 53 56
Corp. P. B. Bevllle. E, 6th Inf 61 44
Corp. F. B. Moulton, D. 5th Inf 59 C^
Capt. F. L. Reynolds,' F. 7th' Inf...... 61 59
Revolver, ten shots each-
Lieut. J. G. Lee. staff. 2d inf.... 47 41
Lieut. O. J. Boden. Troop B, Cavalry. .43 V;:'4S
Lieut. G. C. Thafter, staff, 7th Inf... ...45 47
Lieut. Col. E. A. Forbes. Id Inf 46 4'J
Major M. Plrkey. 2d Inf ..42 ,;<4
Lieut. F. Z. Plrkey. staff, 2d Inf 43 40
Major H. A. "VVeRcner. stafT, 2d Inf.. ..47 45
Carpenter H. Harris. Naval Militia.... 47 41
Under the rule Lieutenant Lee won ove»
Major Wegener and C. H. Harris.
Ildrim Brings a Big Price.
NEW YORK, July 14.— A number of
race horses in training, the property of
H. Eugene Leigh and others, were sold to
day In the paddock at Brighton Beach.
The best sales were:
Ildrlm, blk- e.. 3, Kingston-LJbbie L, Daniel
& Farrell. J13.5CO.
Vulcain, ch c. 3, Klngston-Arrowgrap, S. C.
Hlldreth, $6000..
Klnff Bramble, ch. c, 3. Bramble-Queen Be
lURa, H. C. Hlldreth. $2500.
Inlshfree, ch. g., 3, Tammany-Iris, Fred Mos-
Bom, $1500. , ; ..
Nansen. ch. g., 8, Bramble-North Anna, Fred
Mossom. $2000.
Delmarch. br. c, Deceiver-Start, Daniel
Farrell, *16C0.
Harlem Lane, br. f.. 2, Kingston-Medusa,
H. E. Leigh, $2000.
Jockey "Cash" Sloan in I,uck.
PARIS. July 14.— At Vincennes to-day
Cash Sloan won the Prix dea Tourelles.
amounting to MOO francs, the distance be
ing 1*500 metres, with Due de Grammont's
Roussi. He was third in tho Prix dea
Ramparts on Baron Leonine"s Brada
mante. He finished second in the Prix
liastile on Due de Grammont'a Baraveit
Tn the Des Fosses Sioan finished third on
Leonine" s Neptune II.
PHOENIX, A. T.. July 14.— Edward L.
Grlggs of Phoenix was* found dead in tfip
Roma Saloon this morning from the ef
fects of excessive heat and whisky.
Heat and Whisky Prove Fatal.
Several interesting papers were Intro
duced and read, and Colonel Charles H.
Murphy presented a resolution to the ef
fect "that it was the sense of the repre
sentatives Of the 4000 National Guardsmen
of the State here assembled that the Gov
ernor, adjutant general and the press of
the State be requested to use their utmost
endeavors to obtain an appropriation of
$20,000 at the session of the Legislature of
1901 for the purchase of ammunition for
the use of the Guard."
SACRAMEXTO. July U.-The Inspectors
of rifle practice on the staffs of the vari
ous commanding officers of the National
Guard met to-night, Colonel J. F. Burgln
presiding, and held a general discussion
on subjects relative to the improvement
of the marksmanship of the members of
the Guard.
Meeting of Inspectors of Rifle Prac-
tice of the National Guard.
AMMUNITION NEEDED.
SAN JOSE. July It.— At its last regular
meeting Garden City Lodge No. 142, I. O.
O. F., installed the following officers: No
ble grand, H. B. Fisher; vice grand, J.
Trail!; secretary, A. C. Bates; ilnancial
secretary, J. R. Bailey; treasurer. J. J.
Cherrie: warden. J. E. Page: outside
guard, F. E. Calley; conductor, L. O'Neal;
inside euard/ E.. Slaudt: C. M. Barker,
R. S. N. G.; James Triup, L. S. N. G.; D.
W. Harris. R. S. V. G; H. E. Webb, L.
S. V. G.: chaplain, C. W Pomeroy; finan
cial committee — W. A. Parkhurst, N. W.
Plummpr and J. W. Lamkln; musician, J.
W. Stower.
Odd Fellows' Installation.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORT TOWNSEXD, Wash.. July 14.—
Upon complaint of Dr. Gardner, in charge
ot the United States Marine Hospital,
Captain M. A. Healy of the United States
cutter McCulloch was examined to-day by
the County Board of Physicians, who pro
nounced him insane and a commitment to
the asylum will be issued. •
The examination developed that during
four years while on waiting orders he was
subject to many attacks of insomnia, last
ing from a week to ten days. It is under
stood he will be sent to Washington to the
National Asylum.
at Washington.
Will Probably Be Sent to the Asylum
HEALY DECLARED INSANE.
Co. and the Ed block. Everything between
Montezuma and Granite street is gone.
The Courier office is totally destroyed and
the Journal-Miner office Is in great dan
ger; The firemen are perfectly powerless,
as there is no water. Business houses on
the north side of. the plaza are moving out
their coods. Over a dozen stores were
blown up, but without effect. It now looks
as if the entire north part of the town
would go. The loss at present is not less
than $500,000 to 5700,000.
The principal business houses so far
burned are those of Sam Hill, D. Levy &
PRESCOTT, Ariz., July 14.— The most
disastrous fire in the history of the town
started at 10:45 p. m. In a row of wooden
buildings known as the Scopel block, on
South Montezuma street, and at this hour,
12:30 a. m., every building on the west side
of the plaza, as far north as Gurley
street, including the Hotel Burke, is de
stroyed. The flre is still spreading and
there is no telling where it will stop.
town. He loves to unpretentiously wan
der about Lakewood and vicinity and chat
with people as he finds them. He is on
speaking tarms with everybody.
Firemen, Helpless Because of Lack
of Water, Blow Up Buildings in
Effort to Check Flames,
PORTION OF PRESCOTT
DESTROYED BY FIRE
The Day's Dead
Colonel Samuel 33. Beaumont.
DENVER, July 14.— Colonel Samuel B.
Beaumont, for a number of years con
nected with the freight department of the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad. Is dead
at Perry Park, Colo., of chronic gastritis.
Colonel Henry McCormick.
HARRISBURG, Pa., July 14.— Colonel
Henry -McCormlck, apred 69, one of the
moat prominent men In the Iron business
in this city, died to-day at his home In
Cumberland County after a Ions Illness.
N. Benedict.
SANTA CRUZ, Julv 14.— N. Benedict,
an old resident and formerly chief en
flneer of the Fire Department, died to
ay.
It. G. Dun Seriously 111.
NARRAGAX3ETT PIER. R. I.. July 14.
R. G. Dun of New York is seriously and it
Is thought critically sick at his summer
home here. The ailment Is a complication
of diseases of long- standing-.
managers under oath. The Carothers.
father and son. Insist that the charges
aarainfet King are all true and can be
proven. Kins retorts that they are all
trivial excepting one. and that relates to
his alleged inc jmpetency. Handy, the sec
retary, denies that he is concerned tn
making the* removals or that trouble
among county Republicans has anything
to do with the matter.
24
NAME.
3f > 2 Event N'o. 3. O<
1% §3 Deltcacy. g3
if ||^> o z ti
| b ; : • •
I
F. Muller
(». Young
Brotherton ....
Mrnoks
K. Kverett
C Kd wards...
C Goldln
E. I^ovett
A. B. Carr
. 102 90 S3. i 73 SO. 2
. 101 89 8S 73.4 I SO.S
, 115 S4.4 R7.4 63.4 j 75.4 S5
107 «7 78 60.10 60.5
, 101 91 S4 71. S 77.10
, lCiS 84.4 87.8 74.2 80.11 64.3
, 124 RS.4 77. S [ 73.2 78.5
. 124 91 79.8 79.2 79.5 97
. 100 93.8 91 76.8 83.10 S7.3
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERINGS IN LACES
AND EMBROIDERIES.
GREAT SAVINS IN LININGS.
A little overstocked, hence this grreat price
reduction.
25c Lace m p leces p ure Llnen
j Jt Torchon Lace Ed K -
trtr tilf VArH ings and Insertions,
IUI ¦**** y alUt flne wearing quality,
3 Inches wide, worth Kc yd. Sale price. lOo
20c Embroidery t 00 . plec S 8 5 a r -
_ - ' brlc and r«aln-
TOr Iff C X/ftrn sook Dainty Era-
IUI lUt yura. broidery Edging
apd Insertion, 2 to 5 Inches wide. In very
pretty patterns, eood quality, worth 20c
yard. Sale price lUc
30c Embroidery lS0 p |ec * 8 "»•
r t — 'Cambric ond
for 15c yard. ? n^ n t c ™£:
terns. 3 to 7 Inches wide, every yard worth
30c. Sale price 15c'
36-lnch Sllk-flnlshed Taffeta Lining, In
cerise purple, cardinal, turquoise, new
blue, Eray, brown and black, rep- 111/-.
ular value 20c. Sale price.. ..Yard l-£w
Poplin Near Silks. 32 Inches wide, broken
assortments, In shades of cardinal, irreen
r-erise. turquoise, regular value 20c. Qp
Sale price y ar d i/V*
WalBt Linings, best quality, double faced,
plain back, regular value 20c yard. Sale
PHce 1Or»
Yard I^C
$1.00 Tuckinqs 2^ pjf$ eB ol Hem -
_ __ -* stitched Cluster
for 1 59 , c * I ,oo „, ™t?i?s^r
regular price Jl 00. Bale price PZCks*
YordOl/C
GREAT BARGAINS IN BLACK GREPOHS
AND CHEVIOTS — DOH'T MISS THEM.
S2.50 Black Crepons «&•«»
for Sl.50 Yard. ggS;
choice blister effects, a. very rich black. In
tea different choice deslcna; «very yard
worth 12 60. Sale price v ..$1.5O
5il 2t Cheviot Extra fine <i ualit y
for KSr* V'^irH Black Cheviot, al-
tor ooc ydra. rea(Jy Bt>onge a and
Fhrur.k, regular value Jl 25. Sale prlce.JSSc
75c Dress Goods ?«*«> J ln A € "
fnr 2ir Vrirrf Wool Cheviots
iUi AJL)OIU a and 40-inch
fancy MatPlasfe and fancy mixtures that
are wcrtii Tic ar.d dx: yard. Sale price. .Hue
Great Closing-Out Sale of Fine Ready-
Uvh Dress Skirts at Less Than Half.
58 Woolen »;£ j* «&? <S£
DroCC m.'irfrc vlot. Black and Ca-
UreSS OKirt*». det Venetian; some
of them plainly tailored. Fome trimmed; all
of ihpin cat extra full and have that grace-
ful FWinjr. latest s-tyles. worth 13 00. Jlu 00.
112 00. Vour choice lor Mon- <j/*.»a
day Each V «
fftttOfl CflVPff appliQuedin the lat-
Dress Skirts. u e e nM - Q s * li!
Each i/OC
(jftl^t* f JflPfl 10 dozen Linen Under-
V/l Q33 LIIICII Ekirts extra wJdth
IInrIf*r^.Mirl'^ •with extra dunt ruf-
onuer6iiirL^». fle our resu-oor.
\zr Jl Z0 value. Sale price Each vOv
812-814 Market Straet,
Phelan Building-.
NOLAN BROS.,
THE DEMAND FOR
JOHNSTON & MURPHY'S
Celebrated MEN'S VICI KID HAND-
SEWED SHOES, latest style com
toes, has been enormous since we re-
ducedihemto 9Sm0Oa Pa lr
We Can Give You the Same Style in
Other Makes a:
$2.50, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 a Pair
All Other Goods Reduced in Propor-
LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.'S
LADIES* FINEST QUALITY
FRENCH KID. CLOTH OK KID
TOP LACE SHOES. Very Latest
Style Coin Toes. Patent Leather
Tips. Hand-sewed Soles. Stitched
Edges, Genuine French Heels, Re-
duced to _ ,
$5.00 a Pair
We Are Sole Agents for the Celebrated
"CHAS. DOMBY"
LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY
FRENCH KID LACE SHOES.
Hand-sewed, Welted Sewed Soles or
Hand Turn Soles, Very Latest Style
Toes, _ ,
$4.00 a Pair
'•CHAS. DOMBY."
Bootmaker,
Every pair stamped
Regent Street.
London.
BEAR IX MIND WE KEEP THE
FINEST SHOES IN THE
UNITED STATES.
All Goods Marked Down to Net
Cash Prices. Goods Charged Will Be
25 per cent Extra.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
IS STILL
THIRD WEEK OF
The manelous offerings during the past two weeks of our JULY CLEARANCE SALE have been SO hb-
prally responded to by our many patrons that it has inspired us to still greater efforts for the coming week: A
Colossal Clearing of all Surplus Quantities, Broken Lines, Odds and Ends at Great Sacrifices should bring im-
mense crowds to our store. No disappointments here.
BLACK S!LK BARGAINS.
You have learned from past experience to expect
marvelous bargains, and this sale, following, as it does,
the largest spring business in our history, will more
than meet your greatest expectations.
p* p* YARD- C200 yards S4-lnch Black Flpured Taf-
t»«fc J*» f\ feta. In beaut'ful small designs, a fine wear-
gr ¦ g- J m , ing eilk. one that we can recommend, in twen-
V^ \J ty diffen'nt designs, suitable for dresses, waists
nnd lining; every yard worth th Sale price,
7f^ YAUr>-1JO0 yards 21-inch Blark Pokin Stripes
L— f\ Gros-Grain Si!k«=. excellent quality, and 21-
y\ Q-* Inch l>n»;altne Silks, Ilayadere Strlpef. both
KJ \J ftylen a rich, handsome ellk, Kood wearing
quality: worth $1 JO and $1 2i. Sale price. 75c. ,
f^L YARD— 20C0 yards 27-inch Black Taffeta Silks,
*J **/ /Ty a heavy, rubtlins quality of a beautiful rich
/i 6 . Mack luster; we can highly recommend this
*¦' *" ** Bilk; rccular value. II 25. Sale price, 02c.
WASH-GOODS SALE.
Unquestionably recognized the BARGAIN FEAST of the
season, when thousands of yards of best Wash Good? In broken
lots will be closed out at ridiculous prices. Come and see them.
IOp fiinflhrim*! W nieces flne American Gingham, in
I*/*, VTIIIlJIiaillS rretty stripe*, checka apd plain color-
fr»r Ar i/nrrl ings, fast colors; 10c quality. Bale
IUI UL. yalU. price. Gc.
Yi. *f* Pprfflif* 2°°° Piwes best quality 36-inch Percale, in
ix. 2^ rcitaic only the very cnoIcest BtJ . Ieet )n n Khtt
ff\f fi^f medium and dnrk colorings, selected from
•*' 1 * J 3 V<# our immense reserve stock; not an unde-
Hirahle piece In this lot; regular ll'V£c quality. Sale price,
« l-tte.
"~2.^C PinHP IM Pieces White and Colored Pique, In
.fcv-'V. * ! H U& lipht blue and pink Btrlpes; a very good
fnr l^r \fftrii quality: every yard worth 2oc. Sale
iui iac yaiu. rricei ji» c _
25c Cheviot Shirtings « u& « Tn > s~tg c^t
fnr Qr and good colorings; regular
IUI ZTK.* vaIue 25c yd. Sale price, J)c.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
A CREAT CLEAN-UP OF SHIRT WAISTS.
175 dozen White and Colored Shirt Waists, this season's latest styles, with four
rows of embroidery Insertion and fine plaits, must be closed out. Our fixed policy
is not to carry a single one over, so we offer you your choice of our OQ.^>
Jl 75 end Jl 50 Waists for Each vOC-
GIANT AIR COMPRESSORS
...AND...
GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEAM ENGINES AND BOILERS.
1 ; llfjj I ET& CENTRIFUGAL.
Our reputation amon* contractors and miners Is evidence of our
responsibility. Estimates furnished upon application
WM. A. HEWITT. p. H. REARDON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO,,
11 to 13 FIRST STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
Call and let me prove to you that nv appliances
are best in the world. Let me sho'v you hundreds' of
cases where they have taken the place of theold-stvle
flesh turners which have been ;>o!d at high prices and
produced no effect, except to burn and blisferthe skin
Beware of these o'd-style belts which effer imitation^
of my cushion electrodes: v / - uns
Pay When Cured.
Any weak man, any weak woman, anyone who suffers from pains
in the back, rheumatism, loss of vitality, nervous debility, stomach
or liver trouble, can have my grand life-giving Eiectric B*lt,'and if it
does not cure after using as I direct they need not pay for it. I have
confidence in my Electric Belt, and knowing what it will do 1 am
willing to let every one use it wh) will secure me anJ
Any Sufferer Can Use Dr. McLaugfilin's Electric Belt and Pay When Cured.
Read This Testimony. t
t m m K3 ' i Folsom street. San Franrtsco. July t ignn
I suffered greatly from pains in the /back dehViir * :
sleeplessness. Two weeks' use of vour Fle«ri<? rvi- lty . ai5(t
| relieved my sufferings, and I attribute mi pwlai'«?'? I 2" clr I
{entirely to your Belt— W. WILLKE. } preseiu Sood health J
My Electric Belt Is warranted not trf burn or blU^r ,*• «
hst one year without repairs. Call to- /a v if Jcu : 12? u d to
write /or mv illustrated took with Information f r- " Ot »
Office Hours-oa. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays ,' i^q ,
Dr.:M. A. McLaughlin, j^S^%^^lsi
CREDIT TO EVERYBODY.
A CENTLE HINT
TO
Furniture and Carpet Buyers :
INSPECTION PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. N> ar Powell.
FKEE DKUVERT tVITHrX ICO MH.E3.
DIED.
DE VEUVE— In this city, at 11:35 p. m..
July 14. 1900, Laura, the beloved wife of the
late Colonel Henry de Veuve, and mother of
Mrs. Frederick O. Dodge and Henry P., Pren-
tlss A., James II., Clarence, Earl and Gard-
ner de Veuve.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HOUSE-FU.iNISHIHS DEPARTMENT.
Special reductions made to close out Odd
Lota.
filrl^** 19-lnch Check Toweling.
UIUJ3 a good quality, regular
Towelings. gXH^fiS 9c
TfirklSh 1S0 dozen extra heavy, large
¦ ui ni^ii Bl2e TurWgh Bath Towels.
TowaIc regular value f 4 00 a dozen.
lUWCId. Sale Hee ClAr'
Each
I iflPfl 1G0 dozen Bleached Linen
1.1111,11 Napkins, full 24 inches
V#inLlnc square, good heavy quality,
HCipmiiSi , n cnoice designs, regular
value J3 13 dozen. Sale price <£C>.4ft
Dozen C>-*»
1
TflhlP <( > Places 70-inch Bleached
¦«**•»- Table Damask, splendid
Diintflck wearing quality. In choice
bdlllOSh. dcfigns.regular^Op
value 75c yard. Sale price Yard "Ow
SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES.
A i>r>eclal sale of ready-made Sheets and
Pillow Cases, made of good quality stand-
ard sheeting, torn by hand, ready for use.
SHEETS. SHEETS.
Hemmed. Hemstitched.
45c Each 63x90 54c Each
R2c Each 72x90 Olc Each
Mia .Each 81x90 CSc Each
OCc Each 90x90 73c Each
CASES. CASES.
Hemmed, 4I.x2SH 14c Each
Hemmed, 60x3S>J 17c Each
HemEtltcaed, 45xS6 l<Je Each
VELVET RIbBONS.
Another week of un-
rivaled prt c-e s Itj
Black Velvet Ribbon.
catin tack, all silk,
test quality.
No. 3.... fte yard
Xo. 5 j:tc yard
I»o. T Hit: jird
COLORED
TAFFETA RIBBONS.
No. 40 All silk. Col-
ored Moire TaCeta,
elegant quality, S4
Inches wid*. In all col-
ors. Including cream,
white, 1 » p h t blues,
pinks and cardinal,
worth 2Dc yd. t — n
At Yard lOL/
BLACK
Parties' Superior
Quality Black Cotton
Hose, Hermsdorf dye,
four thread, double
heels, soles and toe»,
extra length, regular
Soc value. S p e 9 i a 1
. . . ..'..'.'.'.' Pair
LADIES' HOSE.
Ladles' Fancy Silk
Side Hose Supporters
worth 5Cc. At | £^ _
Pair IOC
Black Cube Pins, 100
to the cube, PZ.r*
worth 10c. At KJ\*
Klack and White
Beaded Belts, worth
M°°..:r*..T.- 25c
SAVING IN NOTIONS
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.LABOR LEADER REESE
FREED BY THE COURT
No. 2, Y. M,. L, has Installed the. follow.*
Judge Amos Thayer Rules That the
Miners' Union Official Was Hie- .
gaily Imprisoned.
ST. LOUIS. July 14.— Judge Amos Thayer
of the United States Court of Appeals has
handed down an opinion - declaring that
John P. Reese.' the Iowa Miners' Union
official, who was sentenced to imprison
ment in Kansas for violation of a strike
Injunction, was illegally restrained of his
liberty. . Judge Thayer granted a writ of
habeas corpus releasing him. Judge
Thayer ruled that the lower court erred in
including Rc»;se under the injunction.
m ,
Officers Installed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN : JOSE, July .14.— San • Jose Council
BONDS NOT TAXABLE.
Decision of the Board of Equalization
in Vallejo.
VALLEJO. July U.— The City Trustees
as a Board of equalization has considered
reductions of assessment. M. R. Aden,
owner of $5000 in city water bonds. Mrs.
M. Mathews, who owns $7000. and Joseph
Wilson, who has JSOOO of the same, stated,
that when they took the bonds, the city
was confronted with the failure of tho
water works project because the bomU
could' not be disposed of. Vallejo .people
were assured that water bondd would not
be taxed, and came to the rescue.
After considering the circumstances, tha
board concluded that the request was a
just one and ordered that water bonds be
stricken from the assessment roll. The
board also reduced the assessment of tha
Vallejo Commercial Bank $33,000 upon ap
plication of the cashier. That amount
represented solvent loans, on personal se
curity which cannot be taxed. The baali
assMssneat Ls now 168,000, ;_
ing newly elected officers: President,
James P. Sex: chaplain. Rev. P. Maguire;
honorary chaptain. Rev. J. L>. Walsh;
first vice president, John Meyer: second
vice president, W. E. Foley; recording
secretary, Frank. Reldy: corresponding
secretary. William M. Halla: financial sec
retary. W. T. Aggter; treasurer, John
O'Keofe; marshal, T. Ryan; inside senti
nel,- William \Spencer; outside sentinM,
James Murphy: medical examiner. Dr. R.
H. Burke; executive committee — Benjamin
Healey (chairman), F. Hinkelbein and J.
B. Green. .;r
Delegates Nominated in Yolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND,' July 14.-The Democratic
County Central Committee has .fixed Sat
urday. September 29. for 'the date of the
county convention, to be held In this city.
Delegates : to the Democratic State and
district conventions were nominated, as
follows: Emmet Hannan, J. E. La. Rue,
\V. B.' Black; Sdrri Montgomery,* John Ely,
£4 E. Leake ana Charles w. Thomas,, ,,.
Boys, Coma Around,
Get * yourselves a pair of ! boys' . School
Shoes worth' $2 ¦ for Toe a .pair .to-morrow
at the Assignee Sale of Shoes, 77S Market
street, near Fourth* ___________ •
Must Pay Taxes.
FORT, WORTH, Tex., July 14.-Gov
ernor Johnson of the ¦ Chickasaw ' Nation
has ruled that tribal" taxes must be paid.
Hence Buencamino makes a show of ask
ing much from the American Govern
ment in exchange for the cessation of hos
tilities and the recognition of American
toverelRnty, while as a matter of fact he'
does not ask for a single thing of any Im
portance that the military administration
has not already accorded the Filipino peo
ple. But the mass of the people do not
know this, because what the American
Government has done for thi m has never
been concretely written out and placed
before their eyes. Uuencamtno practically
recites what the United States-has already
done for the Filipinos and then says:
••We will ask for all this in exchange for
peace." And the Filipino thinks those are
pretty good things to havo and that they
constitute desirable and dignified terms
of capitulation. So it is that the Buen
camino document is written for the Fili
pino people and in that way which argues
for its quickest acceptance by them.
There are, however, one or two mislead
ing statements in Buencamino's communi
cation — notably that which says the con
dition of the Filipino laborer has bettered
with the increase of his earnings. It is
irui Uit later tr «jad oftcr. .workman la
Manila earns more to-day than formerly,
but the increase in wage is in no way
commensurate with the cost of living: do
in reality he is worse off. than he was
formerly.
Speaking to a representative of the As
sociated Press, Buencamino said:
"There are three elements operating
against peace in the Philippines to-day.
One Is the friars, who in the ultimate ad
justment of the present trouble between
the Filipinos and Americans" foresee the
final loss of their position- and prestige
in the country as well as of their, proper
tics and wealth.'.'. I believe they seek to
prolong the struggle lu- the hope that
something may arise ¦ to secure their
standing in -the country and I believe
they are partly accountable for the re
cent rumors of a native uprising In Ma
nila. The second reason is the presence
in Manila of certain hot-headed Filipinos
who persist'in stirring up the people to
continued discontent with the American
occupation.' These men may be called pro
fessional agitators and politicians ¦: and I
think they should be sought out and sup
pressed. The. third ;i» the stiff-necked at-
UtUto ottkt past military, government la
refusing to treat with the Filipinos ex
cept on the ground of total and uncondi
tional surrender. They ' seem to have
thought the only possible way to termin
ate our misunderstandings was by force
of arms. ¦ 'WB&SSS^SSSOBA
"The Filipino question no longer calls
for violence and bloodshed. It is now a
question of justice, of a people's inherent
rights and of their right to reasonable
consideration at the hands of ; their vic
tors. It is a question, of principle to which
the application of principles of Justice and
right will speedily bring a peaceful set
tlement."
Correspondence of the Associated Preis.
MANILA, May 25. — Felipe Buencamino.
formerly Secretary of State in the Fili
pino Government, surrendered to the
American forces last December, fully ex
l«'Cting to be shot as soon as it was
learned who he was. Instead of execut
ing him, however, the American officer to
whom Buencamino presented himself In
vited the Filipino to share his supper of
two eggs and a. handful of rice, and the
next day sent him down to Manila- Here
l.e was confined for three months in the
Avela-strcet jail. Shortly before General
Otis left for home, Buencamino was re
leased, and it was understood between
Otis and Buencamino that the latter
thould devote his energies toward effect
ing peace between the Filipino forces and
those oi the United States and the recog
nition of American sovereignty iri the
Philippines by the Filipinos. To this end
Buencamino has composed a peace pro
grammt. copiis of which have been sent
to the prominent leaders of the revolu
tion both In and out of Manila, and it Is
the nurpose of Buencamino to start the
formation of a Philippine National party
on the basis contained in this programme,
&. faithful translation of which follows:
As tie DKMOt Filipino revolution Is a direct
result of the Si.amsh- American war. and as we
have declared {he United States to be the pro
tecting j-ower of our independence it is un-
MtJslble m accordance with international law.
jor us to do without the United States in the
matter of obtaining our national independence,
because no country can enter into the concert
of independent nations except in accordance
with the rules of that law.
The proclamation of Emilio Aguinaldo, dated
Mav .4 ISM, the revolutionary help given by
our" troosa during the war between Spain and
•the United States, and the treaty of Paris.
dated December 10. 1S9S. conspired to give to
the United ftatea the role of protecting power
ever the Philippines, as well as that of the bel
ligerent power, to whom tpain sold aJl her
rights lor twenty million dollars. And If to the
foregoing legal deductions we add the fact that
the United States has clearly shown its deter
mination to intervene in our future, the impos
eibilitv of resitting its intervention becomes
ttiil nacre evident and clear.
Islands Might Be Sold.
It is possible that the Tnited States, eventual
ly weary of our present system of warfare,
may d.c'ide to sell ins to tome other power, or
e:?e leave us to our fate, in which latter case
it would devolve uj>cn us to obtain the recogni
tion of our inder*ri i '<*n' % e from the nations of
the wrrhi. This possibility is fraught with
the imminent danc-r that we fall a victim
to the ambitions of the great nations and be
come partitioned air.onc them.
CoBteQUeotly, it is necessary that we recog
nize the supremacy of the I'nited Ftates and
ttrive to obtain, within the limits of the Amer
ican cunetitution. the greatest measure of lib
trty compatible with our welfare.
i"i>e most predominant feature In our past in
dependent government were those immoralities
Ejid abu:-es which are the offspring of our own
isnorar.ee and the vices inherited by us from
t-jain.
We succeeded in making the Filipino regime
fo odious to our own people that in the critical
moments of our aifalrs the people showed us
their hatred; they respected neither Cabinet of
ficers nor the pert-ona of the mother and the
ton of the President of the Filipino republic,
whom they sold to the Americans after first
lavir.ff murdered many of the leaders, officers
and Fiirtjers of our army, and they have robbed
cur «J merriment of its properties and money.
Me require. th?n, the protecting power of the
l"r.itc-d states to prevent our national unity
from defiruction by those civil wars which,
owing to the factional feelings and division*
ensuing from our immoralities and abuses,
•would undoubtedly obtain were an independent
government established.
The roncillatery policy pursued by the Amer
ican Government, notwithstanding our marked
hostility to it; the humane treatment of
r:1f=on*>rs and their reiease from prison after
thort detention only: the installation into pub
lic office of th«? more intelligent KiliDinos; the
increase in wages and the consequent better
rr.ent <if the laboring classes: the liberal reform
in our laws, and the granting to our towns
<•{ a marriage an 1 municipal law eminently
democratic and such as we did not possess even
under our own independent Government — all
this has increased the sentiment for annexa
tion to an extraordinary degree and to-day
there is among us the keenest conu*tiUon for
all Government employments.
Should the time come when our clashing In
terests -win lead brother to fight against
brother we will then indeed be unfortunate and
to be pitied. The Americans will dominate un
der these deplorable circumstances and we will
be helpless. !
Should Form a Party.
If, notwithstanding our fleeting political dis
tentior.F. we on manage to preserve our na
tional unity we will always be a respectable
nation of ten millions of people and capable
ultimately at obtaining our national emancipa
tion; but if we are divided by the lrreconcil
abie hatreds which lead to civil strife we will
t>e nothing more nor less than- a group of tribes
and we c<--uld easily be reduced to the level of
the ncmad Irorrotes.
For these reasons *e should cease hostilities
with the United Ptates and form a national
Tarty which, if we take advantage of the op
portunities of the present moment, will always
be in the majority.
Another powerful argument for peace Is the
fa<-t that in continuing our present system of
pu«"rr!l!a warfare we irive an excuse for the bad
figment of our population to live by force of
arms at the co«t of their more peaceful neigh
bors. Under the guise nf patriots these former
take the field, not to fight for our independence,
tut simply to rob and enrich themselves, and
brigandage is consequently prevalent. The ill
effects of such action." are already felt through
the land, and they have riven to our cau^e- a
reputation for criminal methods and abuse*.
The national party would show great politi
cal discernment and good sense were they to
cease hostilities and co-operate with the es
tsbliEhed authorities In the prosecution of those
bandits and robbers who have during the last
few months succeeded in dragging the fair
fame of the Filipino revolution to their low
level.
In view of the foregoing we believe the fol
lowing resolutions should be adopted:
Flret — Recognize the supremacy of the United
Ftates by a cessation of hostilities; obey the
American authorities and loyally co-operate
with tlfeni in the work of pacification.
Second— Ask from the Government of the
Visited States the declaration that we be al
lowed the enjoyment of personal rlrht* fruar
ent<>e<J t>y the American constitution. Kxcep
t!on If made of our political rights until «uch
time as Cor.grtss shall definltelv determine our
Juture.
Third Unite and appear before the American
<"on*TesB to esk of them the fulfillment of our
noble p?plretioTi». There rhall be absolute and
entire political freedom or epeech and exprec
rton. Th" autnnomiftB may a*k for autonomy,
the Br.ne»:atlor.iBt» for annexation and the na
tiuoalirts for independence, and no party Fhall
»>y force or violence impose lta Ideas upon any
Fourth— Philippine funds fhall be applied as
folio**: <«> t» maintain a hospital for the
wounded and vlek KtllpinD tuAdlfrn now In the
field: <b> to succor the invalid Filipino soldiers;
<e> to create a university in Manila and four
official Institute* — one in Mania), one in Vigan,
one in Kucvm O«oeres and one In Iloilo. all
under the protection of the United States Gov
ernment.
Fiftli— Our political right* shall b« exercised
after the manner determined by the American
Oor.grees.
Sixth— Any person holding funds belonging: to
«!ip Goverr.nunt of the Filipino republic shall
deliver the Fame to the American Government
« --'iil./.s:.' '1 in Manila, falling: in which such
j^>rson win he wowcuted as a swindler.
Seventh— Municipalities will be ruled by the
legal expression of the will of the people, and
*aeh province may name a representative dele
pat*. The«> d«-lp£ote!! may make known their
<je-slree to the American CMl Commlxeion. who
In turn wl!l communicate them to the Govern
ment at Washington, and the latter will lay
them before Congress. These delegates ehall
have the rlrht to appeal directly to the admin
istration and to Consress. there to make known
th^fr want*.
Kighth— The friars Fiiall be excluded from the
administration of the Philippine Catholic
Church.
"Worded to Please the Natives.
For Fuch a peace propaganda to be ac
ceptable to the Filipino people and more
especially to the mor« stubborn element
thereof, it must flatter them and appeal
to their national vanity. They must be
cajoled Into believing that they are In
flating upon terms and stipulations from
the TJnited States Government, that con
cisions are given them, that they are
Fiill an Important factor in the situation
and that their consent Is needed to any
frcttlprnent. If such a peace programme
us tbe forepolng appeafatto their vanity
It has a much better chaace of being ac
cepted by them than were It a simple busi-
Dt£s proposition, devoid, o! *U sentiment.
Working for a Cessation of Hostili
ties and the Becogrnition of
the Sovereignty of the
United States.
Aguinaldo's Former Secre
tary of State Aiding in
Pacification.
PEACE TERMS
DESIGNED TO
WIN TAGALOS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
25
July G fearing Sate
in Cloaks, MiSimery and
MusMn Wear.
. Third Week and Bigger Bargains. 3^.
All Underskirts Reduced,
Lot 1 — Assorted lot of this season's Fancv Lawn and other
Farcy Underskirts, accordeon plaited ruffle?, regularly $1 23,
?1.50 and |2.00; clearing price — m »4j.QG
Lot 2— Assarted lot of Crash, plain and bordered, and Cotton
Moreen Underskirt?, plaited ruffles, double and single flounce,
regularly $1.25 to $1.75; clearing price 7QO
Lot 3— Aborted lot of Fancy Duck, Fancy Liwn and Fine
Sateen Underskirts, Finest Imported Silver-Striped Sateen, »11
beautiful good3 and best makes, regular prices $1.50. $1.75,
$2.00 and J2.50; clearing price QSC
Lot 4 — A86ortedlot ofl Fine Underskirts that have been $2.50,
$3.00 and $3.50; clearing price $$ m 75
All Jackets Reduced.
Lot 1-rrAssorted lot of new this season's Eton and Fly Front
Jacket?, all silk lined, regularly $7.50 and $8.50; clearing
price $4*Q5
Lot 2 — Assorted lot of very fine new Eton and Fly Front Jackets,
all silk lined, tan, black and all colors, regu'arly $10, $12.50
and $13.50; clearing price $7-45
Lot 3— Assorted lot of the fin?st new silk-lined Jackets, Etons
and other styles, all colon and blacks, regularly $12 50, $15,
$16.50. $18 and some wera $20; clearance price $9.45
Children's Cloaks, Csas and Dresses
Reduced.
$11 all-wool 2-piece Tailor-made Suits, for ages 8 and 10, brown
or blue; row .' -~S5m95
$4 fhe all-wool Jackets, red or blue, with capes; now. .$2.4-5
$7.50 fine all-wool Plaid Golf Cipss, also some silk-lined ones.
in solid colors; now ...$4.95
$1.50 French Lawn Cap?, 6 different styles: now 95o
BOc fancy colored Shakers, red or blue; row ....35c
All Tailor Dresses Reduced.
Lot 1 — Assortment of this season's all-wool Eton Dresses and
other styles, som? few of last season's regularly $10 and
$15; clearance price $7.95
Lot 2 — A splendid lot of Newest Dresses in all the varieties of
Etons and other s'yles, all colors and black, regular y $20
and $22.50; clearing price $14^50
Lot 3 — Assorted lot Of our finest new Tailor Dresses, all sty:es
and colors, were regularly $25, $27.50 and $3 J; clearing
price $19.75
is, Valises, Tresnks.
Imitation Alligator Dress Suit Cases —
22 • inch. $5.00 ; 24 - inch,
$5*50 ; 26-inch $6.OO
Sole Leather Dress Suit Cases, with
shirt pocket— 22-inch, $7,00 ;
¦ 24-inch, $7.50; 26-inch.5»ff.OO
Canvas Telescopes -leather corners.
14-inch to26-inch.50O to $1.25
All leather bound Telescopes. 16-inch
»— in 1 to 26 inch $f. 25 to $2.5O
t^k. fl Real Alligator Club Bags ;.
.. .. $3.O0 to &5.5O
Imitation Alligator Oxford Bags $2.00 to $2.75
Waterproof Painted Canvas Trunk— flat top, fall covered tray,
malleable iron mounting — 30-inch, $5*75 f 32 - inch,
$6.00 g 34-inch........ ...$6,50
Basswood Trunk— finely mounted, double leather straps— 82-
inch, $9.OO; 34-inch, $3.75; 36-inch &HO.50
Trunk Department— Main Floor.. ,\ -¦
Half-Price Sate
of Ladies' Nsckwear.
More than 600 pieces— the small lots left after a big season's
selling— some a trifle soi ed in displays, moat of them perfect
and this season's best sellers —
'Band 'Bows - - - String Tics - - - Lace Scarfs
Sitk Jabots - - - Blouse Fronts
Stlh Slocks - - - Fichus.
On sale Monday and durin? the week —
25c Neckwear 12\C $2.00 Neckwear... ..$1.00
BOc Neckwear 23 O $3.00 Neckwear ....&2.QO
$1.0j Neckwear...50C $2.50 Neckwear $1.25
$1.50 Neckwear....75c $3 50 Neckwear $1.75
55.00 Neckwear $2.53
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
Ladies' $5.00 Patent Leather Lace Shoes— Cloth tops, &*% *%g-
new epsra toes and tips, turned sewed soles, Louis XV French heels *&***'&**
Machine, IH^H^^ AVftdl Views,
$21.15. P3^ ©tolrf^irftifcMte'B^asa^ii*. *i soc, 750
° uara ?erri forflTe CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Platinum finish.
Cameras and Supplies.
Much of the success of photography lies in the lens. Prob-
ably th? best lens system applied to any of the long-focus
cameras will be found in the Korona Series 7. .
Korona Cycle Long-focus Camera, with symmetrical lens— 4x5
inch, S4O.UO; 5x7 inch $59.00
Standard Dry Piate? —
»lix«4 dozen.. .ar.c 4x5. dozen 55o 6x7. dozen. ......OOo
4»ixl'i dozen. ..5Oc 4',4x6^. dozen.. .70c 6x8, dozen 91.0O
6^x8^, dozen f 1.4O "
4x5 Duraniid Trays- each ISO
Printirg Frames, all sires to 5x7— each 15G
Pea Crystal Hypo— lb : -5Q
Eureka Toning Solution— bottle « SBoG
Camera Department— Second Floor.
interesting Books.
Four Recent Successes in Fiction and Something
About Them—
"Reign of Law." by Jas. Lane Allen, a powerful tale
of Kentucky life. An instantaneous suooessm
50,000 ordered before publication day. Publishers' price,
$1.50 — our price SI .15
"Boy?" a Sketch, by Marie Corelli, being a study of
environments and heredity; will interest, young and old.
Publishers' price, $1.50— our price $1*17
"Redemption of David Corson," by Chas. v
Go?s. A book that is worth while ; one that no one will
read and say " What's the useT' Publishers', price, $1.50 — our
price $1.15
"Unto she Heights of Simplicity," by Jo-
hannes Reimers, a California writer of promise, who treats
with strength and reticence of the relations of the sexas
and the problem of marriage ; the heroine i3 a San Francisco
girl; publishers' price, $1.25— our price ...98c
Covert Suiting, 9c.
The first quality of Cotton Covert Suiting, double thread weave,
in tan, gray, navy blue, etc., effects (full assortment of col-
orings), about 3,750 yards in all, on special sale Monday q
and during the week, per yard &G
Men's Furnishings.
Glean-Up of Short Lots.
The prices are for Monday and during the week.
Fanoy Shirts— A. few Golfs among them, but mainly stiff
bosoms, all in nice patterns and colors; some of them have
been soiled in window display — all have separate cuffs to
match— the cheapest Bhirt in the lot is worth $1.00— y *
this week's special price /'C
Clack Cotton Socks — Seamless and a fast black that
won't come off on feet — about 83 dozen of this lot — _, .
Monday and during the week, per pair "2*"
Suspondors — Men's good serviceable quality, ~ < _r_ m
many fancy patterns — special sale pries " -f €?
Soys' Bib Overalls — About 25 dozen pairs; blue denim,
copper riveted, suspenders attached; eizes 3 to 7 «q
years; made up good and sftong — special sale price.. »w G
Men's Neckwear— Our regular 50c Puff Scaifs and
Band Bows, good pattern?, light* dark or medium — too many
for thh time of the year — so on Monday and during OQ
the week, our special price 2C&G
Men's Stack Neckwear— Onr regular 25c Siik and
Satin Tecks and Four-in-Hands — only 70 dozen in all; _,
lot won't last long at this week's special price • m G
Fanoy Band BCWG— Choice patterns, up-to-date goods;
light, medium or dark effects — on special sale thU _»y_
week M MG
$1.00, $1*59 and $2*00 Neckwear— Imperials,
Puff< and Four-in-Hands— on sale this week to make room
for Fall styles soon to arrive, at the very special yQ_
price, each a %9G
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
15c Wash Fabrics 9c.
A very fine assortment of the short lots of various lines of Fan?y
Wash Gaods— Foulard Effect Batistes, Striped Printed Lawn3
and Raised Thread Weaves that were 15c the yard, on q
sale Monday and during the week at %fG
$5,00 Crash
Suits, $2.95.
Only 50 suits left, made
of pure linen crash, all
sizes for men in tha lot — longs,
stout3 and regulars; well made
and very stylish — special price
this weak, to close ego OfZ
Men's Flannel
Outing Suits, $5.45
—Made to sell for $7.60 and |10;
the most fashionable suit for
summer wear; coat and pants in
either blue or gray flannel with a
fins light stripe; just 24 of these
suits left, and they £>£~ Jtts
go this week at 9,9.^H9
Second Aisle— RiKht of Entrance.
Half Regular Prices.
Sales Tables — Main Aisle.
500 yard3 of our summer stock of high-grade Yoking3 ;
lace, silk, satin, embroidered, corded, plisse and tacked, in
cream, white and black, that have bean selling regularly
from $1.00 to $8.50 p'er yard, Monday and during the week at
Haif-Price Sate
Yokings and Allovors*
' Glassware for Summer.
Imitation Prism Cat Glass Ice Cream or Berry Set— 1 larga
bowl, 6 plates to match— set 7 pieces ~....63o
Pressed Glass Water Tumbles, fluted edge, dozsn 33o
Thin-blown Bohemian Glass Lemocade or Water Sets— crystal
with flower and gold decorations, I jug, 6 glasses and tray —
the set for \ $1.25
Fancy shape 10-inch footed Fruit Bowl, yellow opal glass with
gold decorations, each $1wQQ
"Genuine American Out Glassware."
Heavy Cut Glass Salad or Berry Bowls, very handsome.$7»_»0
each. A large Assortment from .$5*75 to $22*50
Heavy Cut Glass Olive Dishes
SI. GO, $2-85, 53.6O and 34.13
Haavy Cut G'ass Water Bottles $3.50
Kid Gloves,
78c.
French Kid Gloves in sizes bl
to 7, the balance of several
lines of $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50
gloves, of 'which the color lines are
broken; 425 pair3 in all— to bs
closed out this week at.... _f_Q_-_
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
.and Crash Hats at closing out prices thi3 week.
Entire line of Men's Straw Hats that
were 39c to $1.35, now 25o
Men's 50c, 75c and $1.25 Crash Hats, S^vP^
now 35c gig** 'a
Boys' 25c Straw Sailor, now 15o -^%-ffiffi^
Boys' oOc to 95c Straw Sailors and
Stiff Brimmed Hats, now 40O -Til
Boys' $1.00 to $1.50 Straw Sailors and *
Stiff Brimmed Hats, now.- 600
Boys' fine $2.00 Straw Hats, now $1*tO
Boj-3* 50c and 75c Crash Hats and Sailor Caps, now 40o
Bays' $1.00 Crash Sailor Caps, now....... GOO
Bays' 25c Cra«h Sailer Cars, now - ~..~...15o
Main Floor — Near Elevators. ~ ; -~
The balance of our stock of men's and boys* Straw
Cf can-Up Summer Hats,
Wall Paper Sale.
Deep price-cutting on all qualities and styles.
Handsome designs of heavy gilt3 that were 20c to 40c roll;
large assortment — now — .«........._..............• 1 2\o
Embossed Papers in handsome colorings — formerly 12$c and
15c rol! — now 7\G and 10o
Extra heavy Bedroom and Dining-room Papers reduced from
125c per roll to 7\O
An immense assortment of 8c and 10c per roll papers in all de-
sirable coloring*— reduced to 6o
Blank Stock Papers in good patterns, borders to match— re-
duced lrom T_c per roll to »5o
A frjv remnants of Watt Papers to close out—
per roll. 4o
Second Floor. V- I
Paper Plates, doz 5c Paraffine Paper, to wrap meats
Wood Plates, doz 8c and sandwiches, pksr -..
Can Openers 5c 5c to 10c
Corkscrews 5c to $1.00 Lemon Sqneez?rs...lOc to 50c
Knive* ani Forks — pair..-..IOc Collapsing Cups, aluminum.
Large Rubber Caps 15c with case, larga size 25c
Canvas Camp Stools.........2Oc
Solidified Alcohol, with complete heating apparatus.. ,^....1Sc
Wicker Covered Traveling Bottles.^hold full pint 3 5o
"19XT Solar Bicycle Gas Lamps S3.OO
C O3e woven, stout, g.iod siz^d Hummocks 85o
Strong canvas Hammocks, full size $1»5O
Hardwood Steamer Chairs, with arm*, $1*25; without .....
_ $1.00
GrcQUOt Sot, 8 balls and mallets, hinged box SI-OO
Split bamboo Fishing Rod, 10 \ feet long, complete. .£?5c
A well made Tennis Racquet tor 75o
Tennis Ball, fit for any court .'• 30o
Goli Stick, well seasoned handle - S3.5O
Golf aalln, the correct kind, dozan. ¦54. OO
White Jy Exerciser, for health, strength and physical
development .-S3mOO
House Furnishing: Department— Main Floor, and
Sporting Goods Department— Second Floor.
Picnic and Outing
Goods at Fair Prices*
Double Bed Sheeting 19c Tar dm
1200 yards only — Double B3d Uab'eached Sheeting, 81 inchos
wide, no dresiing, a sp'endid wearing quality, on _tq
special sale Monday and during tha we.'k, per yard... M&G
price. 3 Dounda for St'OO
Oar H gh-Grade Fjmily Blend Coffee. A\ lbs. for St.OO
Gftnsdorjj's Royal Dutch Cocoa, _-lb. tins.
Monday • 2Oc
Fancy Whn'e-grain Japan RiCO, per lb—-. So
Choice 3 Crown Loo«e Muscatel Raisins? per lb.. ......... 5c
Fancy Santa Clara Prunes, 50-60'?, per lb So
The best Lwe Micaroni, Spaghetti or Vermicelli, per !b... 5o
Postvm Cereal Health Col too — large package.
Monday 1Qc
Best Soft-Shell Almonds, per lb — 18c
Vlctony Matches, 1 doz. boxe* in a pig., per pkg..5o
Victoiy Extra Standard O"Stcrs, 2-lb. can, nothing better
packed, per doz3n $2*85; per can - 25o
Fresh Baked Port and Soda Orackers, 10-lb. wooden
box..; • 33o
Emporium Baking Fowtier, guaranteed, strictly pure,
1-lb. tin, per tin 37c
Nonpareil Capers, genuine imported, per bottle ....13c
B3stFak2 Tapioca, per lb 4c
50-1 a* Sack Globe Kitchen Dairy Salt, par
sack, Monday, - 17 C
Hunt's Full Standard Peeled Tomatoes, in 1 gallon cans,
each « I8o
Grape Nuts— 2 packages for 25o
Hiinzi Sweet Mixod Pickles, in bnlk, per quart. ...2OC
Harper's Whiskey — Pare Rye or Bourbon, 8 yean oM:
R giiar.y $4 50 per gallon, Monday.... S3. 2 3
R gnlarly $1.00 per bottle, Monday 75o
The Genuine Wnite Label NaglCO Brandy, 26 years old.
per bottle, Monday - $1,10
The bast imported Holland Gin— 10 years old, rejalarlr
$1.40, Monday per bottle $3-OO
yihltO Wino (a perfect dinner wine;, per gallon 40O
Groceries — Liquors.
Finest Eastern Sugar Cured Bacon— "nice
and lean, ' per pound, Monday — ....... ...... ,.~13io
Fine3t Java and Mocha CoffOO — cannot ba excelled fit any
Ladies' Vici Kid Laoo Shoos — Fancy Vest-
ing cloth tops, new opera toes, patent leather
tips, regular price $2.50; our dbf __f_Q
special price • . . .' mjw a m^M^
Ladies' Vici Kid Laoe Shoos— Kft tops,
new opera toes, patent leather tips, regular
price $2.50; our special price . €tfS _f?O
m / m % i$pBa%3*J
Ladles' Vici Kid Button Shoes -Kid
tops, new opera toes, patent leather tips,
¦ regularly $2.50; our special price d*>g £_?_£&
Ladies' Vici Kid Laoe Shoes — Queen
quality cloth tops, new opera toes and kid tips,
regular price our special £g»_f Qf>
price 9** ****
Ladies' Vici Kid Laco Shoes — Kid
top3, new opera toes with kid tip?, regularly
33.00; our special price & < £519
We have bought from Harney Bros., the famous shoe manufacturers of Lynn,
Mass. 3,500 pairs of Ladies' Shoes at sixty 'live cents on the
dollar. The way of it was this: Last March Kingman & Fox ordered these
shoes from Harney Eros., and in April when the uppers only had been cut, K. & F. retired from business,
leaving these uppers on the manufacturers' hands. Our offer of 65c on the dollar was accepted—shoes
to be made up in such styles as we wanted, and delivered in July. They have just arrived, stylish, well
made and up-to-date in every particular, and the eleven styles pictured and described fa/I sizes
and widths) on sale to-morrow and during the week at $1.69, $1.98,
$2*37 and $3.35 tho pair*
Ladies* Viol Kid Lace Shoes — Queen qual-
ity cloth tops, new Savoy toes, patent leather
tips, turned sewed soles, regular <£O
price £3.50; our special price mP^m*9 M
Ladles 9 Vici Kid Lace Shoes— Kid top?,
new Savoy toes, patent leather tips, turned sewed
soles, regular price 33.50; our 4*O O"f
special price v^_"w *
Ladies 9 Vici Kid Laoo Shoes— New En-
glish toes and kid tips, Goodyear welt sewed
soles, regularly $3.50; our special 4&_2> O^P
price f
Ladies 0 Velourls Calf Laoe Shoes—
New English toes, calf tips, welt sewed soles, reg-
ularly $ 3.50; our special price ... . tf£O O _^
Ladies' Patent Leather Lace Shoes —
New modern toes and tip3, Goodyear welt sewed
soles, regularly $3.50; our special &*% *% f
price y^' J *
All New and Stylish Goods— No Short Lots or Broken Sixes.
S^iS Fi*^BVG8^€*Qm ¦ ; •
A cool, comfortable shopping place, selling everything to eat; drink, wear or use. U\[p transaction complete until customer is satisfied.
SHE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Under muslins Ro- . 1 - L^V/A /
disced. \ m if \ y
No matter how low the price, I)/ C \\ I // \\
be assured that our Under- Jfi LI I.,// 1/
muslins are all of the first >^77 ir \ ] > .1
qualities: /// J 1\//''/ 1
$1.25 Fine Cambric Gowns, { (/ % K^wWt^ll
three styles, all prettily \J/ j WW/i->tl\
trimmed, now 05o \Mt^y7 l )A f \\
$1.50 Fine Cambric Drawers, / / 1 \S
with nice Maltese Lace, row /y / ' A I.
...:. V 95o (/ / / \\\x^
20c High-Neck Corset Cover. \V \ 'Jl-O^
felled seams, now lOo - ~
25c Lace-trimmad Corsst Coven, felled saams: now 15o
$5 Fk'rts, with fine embroidery, and lace trimmings; now
: $3.oj
$2.00 Colored Liwn Chemise, now .....50c
$1.75 fine French style Cambric Gown; now $1*1O
50c Baby Shoes, button or lace, tan, chocolate and black; now
: • 25o
65c Long Naiasook Siips, cuff and neck trimmed with hem-
stitching and embroidery; cow..... 4Qo
All Millinery Reduced.
50c to $1.25 Ladies' Jumbo Sailors, black or white, all of them
this season's shapes, now 3Qo
Ladies' fine Split Sailors, were $1.50, now 75c
Ladies' finest Savors made, were $5.00, now $2, GO
$10.00 Trimmed Hats, finely made, now S4m65
$25 00 Imparted Hats, now .' .....$//«45
$18.00 Imported Hats, now $7*65
All Skints and Waists Reduced.
Lot 1— N3w Grass Cloth and Dnck Skirts, regularly $1.00, clear-
ing price .'. 48c
Lot 2 — New Wash Skirt?, all kinds — white and fanciest piqaaa
ani grass cloth, plain and tiimmed — that have been $1.75,
52.00, $2.25, 32 50 and $3.00; clearing price 98o
Lot 3— Assorted, lot of fine new alpaca, gray and black and all-
wool Cheviot Skirts that have been regularly $5.00;" c'earini
price.* $3m75
Lot 4 — All our new Shirt Waists that have been regularly
50c and 60c; e'earing price now. .' 33 O
Lot 5 -Our new this season's Shirt Waisti that have been $1.25
and $1.50; clearing price 68o
Lot 6 — All our new Si k Wa!sts that have been $6.50, $7.50 and
$8.50; clearing price now ..$3*95 and $4.85
Ba
liH fitMILITARY SCHOOL— F. B. R.. City.
There is no United States school for the
military training of young women. This
correspondent In her letter of inquiry
says: "If there la no such school. It is
high time such an Institution was being
formed. .The country has nine women for
every one man and something must be
done."
CITIZENSHIP, A. B. C, Elmhurst.
Cal.— If you took out your first papers ten
years ago, but have not resided In any
one State a sufficient length of time to en
able you to apply for your second papers,
and having located in California you can
examination will be held In this city and
elsewhere for the position of trained
nurses in the Indian service; salary not
stated. Persons intending to compete
should apply to the commission at "Wash
ington, D. C., for forms 304 and 375.
Solemn Mission Services.
The one hundred and thirty-first an
niversary of the founding of the mis
sions in California at San Diegd
by the Franciscan Fathers will b« cele
brated with solemn ceremonies In St.
Francis' Church. Vallejo street, to-day.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers of the Feast of Our Lady of Mount
Carmel and a sermon by Rev. Father
Caraher. The subject of the sermon will
be "From San Diego to Sonoma." After
vespers many of the parishioners will b<s
Invested with the brown scapular of th«
Blessed Virgin.
after you have lived in the State one year
apply to the Superior Court of the county
In which you live, obtain your second
papers "if It shall appear to the satis
faction of the court to which the alien hag
applied that ho has made a declaration to
become a citizen two years before apply
ing for final papers, and has resided con
tlnously within the "United States for at
least five years, and within the State or
Territory where such court is at the tima
held one year at least: and that during"
that time 'he has behaved as a man ot
good moral character, attached to tha
principles of the constitution of tha
United States, and well disposed to tha
good order and bapiness of the same * ha
will be admitted to citizenship."
THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUTLDIXC1
— J. W. Q.. Sacramento, Cal. The elevator
system of the Claus Spreckels building. !n
which Is located the business office of The
Call, carries passengers from the ground:
floor to the eighteenth floor. The build
ing, exclusive of the basement. Is eighteen
stories in height.
Trained, ¦ Nurses Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on August 14 an
The quarrel in which deaf mutes engaged the other
day in an Oakland court had at least one advantage.
The antagonists kept their incriminating secrets 'to
themselves.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Raleigh.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— Thomas J.
Kirk and wife of Sacramento are at the
George Blake, a m:ning man of Sonora,
la atrthe Lick.
L, Zimmerman and wife of Portland are
guest3 at the Palace.
Banker Frederick Cox of Sacramento Is
stopping at the Grand.
C. W. Tryon. a mining man of Angels
Camp, is at the Grand.
Senator J. W. Daniel of Virginia is reg
istered at the Occidental.
Judge J. A. Miner of Salt Lake City Is
a guest at the Occidental.
E. L. Doheney, an oil magnate of Los
Angelas. Is a * x^ e Palace.
Lee L. Gray, a prominent raisin grower
of Fresno, is'at the Occidental.
Albert Betting, manager of the Byron
Springs Hotel. Is at the Palace.
Frank Marsh, a leading merchant of
Globe. Ariz., is registered at the Russ.
T. J. French, the prominent Valley
Springs merchant, is stopping at the Lick.
D H. Brown, a prominent mining man
of Phoenix, Ariz., is stopping at the Russ.
J Jerome Smith, the prominent mining
man and capitalist of Stockton, is at the
Lick.
\VA. Burkholder. who is Interested in
Montana mines, Is registered at the
Grand.
Arthur L. Pearse, a prominent mer
chant of New York, is stopping at the
United States District Judge Marshall
of Utah, with his family, is , registered
at the Occidental.
B. F. McCullough. a large landowner
and cattleman oi Crows Landing, Is reg
istered at the Lick.
General G. W. Barrett, Bank Commis
sioner, Is up from Los Angeles and is
stopping at the California.
Commander Cowic. U. S. N.. and wife,
who arrived from Manila yesterday, are
stopping at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. Kopke and the Misses Kopko
arrived yesterday from Honolulu and are
registered at the Occidental.
W. A. Shepard. editor of the Placer Her
ald, and his wife, are spending a few days
in San Francisco. They are at the Grand.
Miss Jessie Cheever. with Mrs. E. P.
Buckingham, of Los Angeles, is on a visit
to San Francisco and Is registered at the
Palace.
H. Eppinger Jr. and I. Peck Epptnger
came up from Paso Robles yesterday with
their wives and are staying at the
Palace.
Charles A. King resigned his position as
assistant bookkeeper of the Board of Pub
lic Works yesterday, and commencing to
morrow he will be associated with the real
¦estate firm of Baldwin & Howell..
Miss . Lillian M. Ingargiola and Miss
Mary Brown were among the passengers
on the St. Paul that left for Alaska yes
terday. They are to visit St. Michael.
Cape Nome and other noted Alaskan
points before their return.
W. Moran Drown, the Boston artist
whoso picture, the "Judgment of Paris,"
caused a stir in the Hub, is stopping at
the Lick House with his brother. Local
artists are planning td give Mr. Drown a
general good time. The Bohemian Club is
to banquet the visitor In the near future.
PERSONAL MENTION.
l » OLLOWING the example of representatives of
I other large interests of the country, the delegates
to the convention of the National Educational
Association have by resolution demanded of the Gov
ernment a fuller recognition of the value of their
work, and a more comprehensive system of promoting
and extending it. The convention did not go so far
as to ask for the creation of a department of educa
tion, to be under the direction of a Cabinet officer,
but it did ask for an improvement in the existing
methods of the Government in dealing with educa
tional affairs.
After pointing out several reasons why there should
be an enlargement of the sphere of governmental ac
tivity in matters of public education, the resolutions
of the convention say: "We earnestly urge upon the
Congress the wisdom and advisability of reorganizing
the Bureau of Education upon broader lines, erecting
it into an important department on a plan with the
Department of Labor; providing a proper compen
sation for the Commissioner of Education, and of so
constituting the Department of Education that while
its invaluable function of collating and diffusing in
formation be in no wise impaired, it may be equipped
to exercise oversight over the educational system of
Alaska and of the several islands now dependent upon
us, as well as to make some provision for the educa
tion of the children of the tens of thousands of white
people domiciled in the Indian Territory, but who are
without any educational opportunities whatever.
Such reorganization of the Bureau of Education and
such extension of its functions we believe to be de
manded by the highest interests of the people of the
United States, and we respectfully but earnestly^ask
Congress to make provision for such reorganization
and extension at their next session. The action so
strongly recommended will in no respect contravene
the principle that it is one of the recognized functions
of the National Government to encourage and to aid
but not to control the educational instrumentalities of
the country."
To that plea the general public will give a cordial
approval. It docs not ask anything that can be ac
counted as excessive. In fact, a considerable number
of the American people would not be unwilling to
have the Federal Government give aid to the poorer
Southern States in providing means for the education
of their people, and to some extent directing the work
from Washington. That much was made evident by
the favor shown to the educational bill which the late
Senator Blair used to bring forward with such per
sistency; and while it has become the settled policy
of the Government to leave the duty of public educa
tion to the States to provide for, there is still a great
deal that can be, done in the way of direction and
counsel by a strong and well equipped Bureau of
Education at Washington. The issue of popular in
struction concerns the republic as a whole, and since
it must attend to such matters, to some extent, it
will be well to establish a system of attending to it
properly.
THE DEMANDS OF EDUCATORS.
This play will hardly add to Ibsen's reputation. The best
thing In It Is the study of artistic selfishness as Incarnated in
Rubek the man who "placed the dead clay image (of art)
above the happiness of life-of love." The character of Irene,
with its bursts of Insanity, may Interest the professors oS
Alienism and may properly be referred to them for an expert
opinion. Maia is one of those extraordinary married women,
to be found nowhere out of Ibsen, who combine the shrewdness
of a middle-aged Parisian bourgeolse with the Innocence of a
Quaker girl of 14. Ulfhelm, who fascinates her, 13 a Sevea
Dials ruffian of the most blatant type.
The philosophy of the play revolves within the usual nar
row circle of Ibsen fixed Ideas, to wit:
1. Marriage is a failure.
2. Most people either don't know this or find It out too late?,
3 True liberty consists in doing exactly what you please.
4. There is only one side to life — the seamy side.
6. Elective affinities are the surest guides to right conduct.
Pax vobiscum!
(Mala's triumphant song sounds from still further down below.)
(Gives a shriek, stretches out her arms toward them.) Irene!
(Stands eilent a moment, then makes the sign of the cross be
fore her in the air, and says):
Yes; through all the mists, and then right up to the summit
of the tower that shines In the sunrise.
(The mist clouds close In over the scene. Professor RutoeR ani
Irene, hand In hand, climb up over the enow field to _ the
right and soon disappear among the lower clouds. Keen
storm gusts hurtle and -whistle through the air.)
(The Sister of Mercy appears up in the stone scree to the le^t.
She stops and looks around silently and searchlngly.)
(Mala can be heard singing triumphantly far In the depths be
low.) '
MAI A.
I axn free! I am free! I am free!
No more life In the prison for me!
I am free as a bird! I am free!
(Suddenly a sound like thunder is heard from high cp on the
snow field, which glides and whirls downward with rushlnff
speed Professor Rubek and Irene can be dimly discerned
as they are whirled along with the masses of snow and
burled In them.
THE SISTER OP MERCY.
IRENE.
(Curtly)— At THAT word I left
/*'/' 5 you.
> „ »'}$''^ - This last sentence gives th<s
• \-/, .' , j motif of the play. What had been
\ ; '* '-/ to the man an "episode" had been
, . ' to the -woman a matter of lifo
*fi»^' -*v ,, ?* :' and death— for her life after thla
35eF : S^i|§*f- i' " * "episode" had been but death.
' T^-l * * * Yet In spite of all they try
~~* v ,-**«£! ; ' .^ ! to rlfk up the broken strands of
VWsa4 ''- ~1 * ' J"iw^3ii?-ir4 their existences — which he la now
*fwjk'&£'* ?'< ' '"wfescSssfj more anxious to do than 3he—
' ' and the second act closes with tha
i* 6 **^!^ s -' '¦&$?? foreshadowing of thf'ir departure
g?£jl$J§^' " 0§*&i Or t ' le same u Pl an «5 9 orl which
*^^v^" *; '^^^ Ulfhelm and ilaia had planned
jgjy*-' : >\". -y v-"'^^^k' '•''•?- The action of the third act Is
* '^j^^^^tt^-^^^^^^^ elusion Maia and UlfhPim nar-
a mountain storm. JU £or Rubek
iov-kt • her hand.) Will you then follow
ii>£j£i, me> oh> my grace-glveo bride?
IRENE.
CAs though transfigured)— I follow you freely and gladly,
my lord and master!
' PROFESSOR RUBEK.
(Drawing her along with him)— We must first pass through
the mlsta, Irene, and then —
PROFESSOR RUBEK.
(Looks doubtfully at her) — Did I say "episode"? It 13 not a
..,- word I am In tho bablt of using.
" I IRENE.
."•>'-, • . . . You said 'VpisodtV
: . . PROFESSOR KIT.F.K.
¦^V^H^^V, v ' fWith assumed cheerfulneaa)
°--- . j —'Well, well— after all, it was In
/ %;'?? v '"~ i ln reality an episode.
"^l!! , IRENE.
You took both my har.ds and pressed them warmly. And
I stood there In breathless expectation. And then you said:
"Well. now. Irene. I thank you from my heart. This." you
said, "has been a priceless eplaode for me."
IRENE.
THE INCREASE OF CRIME.
JUST now, while the nations arc following up, in
China, the efforts of the missionaries with can
non, it is not pleasant to be told that our do
mestic morals are not in good health.
Any form of the religious idea must be judged by
its effect upon the morality and conduct of the peo
ple among whom it is propagated.
That idea is their moral light, the illumination in
which they live, the conscience that is their guide of
conduct. Its test is, rirst, do they live up to that light?
j And, second, what manner of life does it induce in
j them, what form of conduct?
i If fhese make for the moral uplift and the people are
! generally raised thereby, they are like a light set upon
a hill. The religious idea which ha9 advanced them,
informed their conscience, righted their lives and
made them individually and in the mass an example
in righteousness to all men, becomes for these reasons
a missionary religion, and is carried abroad that it
! may in like manner sweeten human life for others.
With these simple principles in view, it would seem
to be time for the American people to indulge in
some rigid self-examination. Great trouble is abroad
in the world, having its radix in the Christian mis*
I sionary invasion of China. All that we hear from
I there confirms this view. The ancient religions of
I China are part of the civilization of the people, and
I this is closely knit into the fabric of their govern
ment. Since trouble began in that far country we
have heard much from American missionaries about
the immorality, public and private, which it is our
duty to put down in China. It has been said, too, that
it is our Christian duty "to deliver" those people
from the bonds and limitations that are upon them,
and carry to them our Christian civilization, thus
taking their feet out of the paths that lay hold on hell
and putting them in the way of salvation.
Now, dealing with this matter wholly in what may
be called its material aspect, and carefully keeping
hands off the spiritual considerations involved,
which have their interest solely in the future life and
the happiness or misery of the soul after it leaves the
body, we wish to consider what grounds we have for
going abroad to better the moral conditions of other
people, and thereby, as in China, aid in bringing upon
the world war. which is the sum of all miseries.
We leave it to casuists to settle the question that
the future of the soul h of higher importance than the
present of the body, r.nd to separate morals and con
duct from faith. But however they may settle these
things, the lay mind will forever concern itself with
the matters of life and conduct. A man .may daily
proclaim himself elect, his calling made and
his election sure, and follow such courses as
are abhorrent to even the unregenerate heart,
without inspiring any one by his example. So,
after all, it is the effect of inner light upon
the outward man to which we look when making
up our judgment as to the effect of any form of the
religious idea upon those who profess it. Judged by
these standards the United States has no call to go
abroad seeking the heathen in his blindness, nor to
deliver his land from error's chain.
The increase of crime in this country is one of the
most startling facts in the history of the world. It
began with the close of our Civil War, and the gain
has been steady ever since. It was then set down to
the demoralizing influence of war, something that
students of sociology well understand. But they also
understand that the impulse is spent upon the genera
tion that was in contact with that influence, and grad
ually ceases. Not so here. The impulse has gained,
and is higher now than at any previous period in our
history.
The moral degeneracy of the United States is dis
cussed in the Forum. The writer says:
"The belief that crime in the United States is on the
increase is widespread and commonly accepted. We
find it difficult to reconcile such a belief with our op
timism as to our national progress. Are we to be
lieve, as the preacher and the moralist sometimes
ever, that our material growth has been at the ex
pense of our moral standards; that in the race for
wealth our people have been losing that wholesome
respect for law and righteousness which formerly pre
vailed? If we admit the fact can we deny the con
clusions? We may deny that there is a dark spot on
the picture of our national progress, or we may pass
it over in silence; but a matter involving such mo
n-.entous consequences for our social life should be
faced and not shirked. The American people have not
accepted the conclusion that crime is increased in the
United States without the weightiest evidence in be
half of such a proposition. A review of the writers
who have touched upon this subject seems to place
the fact beyond question. In his standard work on
'Recent Economic Changes' the late David A. Wells
said:
" 'In the United States, while crime has diminished
in a few States, for the whole country it has within
recent years greatly increased. In 1850 the propor
tion of prison inmates was one to every 3448 of the
entire population of the country, but in 1880 this pro
portion had risen to one for every 855. These results
are believed to be attributable in the Northern States
mainly to the great foreign immigration, and in the
Southern to the emancipation of the negroes.'
"Mr. Henry M. Boies in his work on 'Prisoners
and Paupers' is still more emphatic. Commenting on
the returns of the census of 1890 he says: 'Some of
the disclosures made are, however, shocking, if not
appalling, in the highest degree, to our confidence in
the future. One of these is the abnormal and dispro
portionate increase in the criminal class of society.
That increase is from one in 3500 of our population in
1850 to one in 786 in 1800, or 445 per cent, while our
population has increased but 170 per cent in this same
period. In the last decade, with an increase of 24 per
cent in population, the number of inmates in our jails,
penitentiaries and reformatories has increased 45 per
cent, or nearly twice as fast as the population. Such
disproportion cannot continue indefinitely without re
lapse into barbarism and social ruin; it is the more
startling because such a state of things does not exist
in other civilized nations, as public records show.
"English and other writers also echo the same
opinions. Mr. William Douglass Morrison, in his
work on 'Crime/ spesks of the increase of crime in
! the United States as a fact universally recognized and
i attested by such high authorities as Wells and Wines.
\ Mr. William Tallack quotes General Brinkerhoff of
! Ohio as being able to show in 1885 that the tide ot
I crime in the United States was rising with alarming
j rapidity."
From this exhibit it would seem that missionaries
in search of a hard job, and wishing to spend some
where the spirit of sacrifice, need not go to China to
j find a chance.
Such issues r.rc hardly less important than the great
questions of government involved in the Presidential
contest. For that teason they must not be over
looked by any good citizen. Let every loyal Repub
lican do his full duty at every step in the campaign.
Let him be as earnest in the struggle for the election
of delegates to the county convention as he is going
to be in the Presidential contest itself, and then the de
feat of the schemes of the bosses and the corporations
¦null be certain.
It can be readily seen what an advantage will be
piven to the railroad and its allied tools of both par
ties if they have it in their power to redistrict the
State. They can gerrymander the districts in such a
manner as to give them great power in determining
the election of Assemblymen. Senators and Congress
men for ten years to come. Moreover, if they be per
mitted to elect their candidates for State Scnatorship?
they will have a large number of hold-over votes for
a railroad candidate for the United States Senate in
190*
That the boodlcrs of politics and the railroad are
combined is beyond question. The Southern Pacific
managers, the Democratic ward bosses and Kelly and
Crimmins are now so close together that one blanket
would cover them all. It is a close combination, and
it is formidable, but it is not invincible. More than
once in recent contests have the better elements of
the Republican party routed the corrupt gangs that
tried to use it for base purposes, and what has been
done so many times by the united action of good men
can be done again. There is nothing in the situation
to discourage loyal Republicans. On the contrary
there is everything to rouse them to a sense of their
political duties and encourage them to resolute ac
tion.
In the campaign for the spoils the bosses are not
divided. Kelly and Crimmins are in full agreement
with Rainey and the other bosses of the Democratic
part\ r and with the political touts of the Southern Pa
cific. No conflict cf interest is in their camp nor any
dissensions in their councils. Should they succeed in
electing a Legislature subservient to their domination
the'State will be redistricted to suit their purposes
regardless of any other consideration whatever.
The rcdistricting of the State and the election of a
United States Senator to succeed Perkins are matters
cf as much interest to the public as to the bosses and
the corporations. It happens, however, that the aver
age citizen does not study political situations as
closely as the professional politicians do, and conse
quently often loses an advantage that might have been
gained by the exercise of greater vigiiance and
energy. That is what is liable to happen in this in
stance. The bosses and the corporations are now lay
ing plans to obtain control of the Legislature so they
can fix the Congressional, Senatorial and Assembly
districts to suit themselves, and unless . the better
classes of the people are alert and resolute to beat
them, the cunning schemes will be successfully car
ried out
fHE IMPORTANCE OF THE CONTEST.
BY the \\s.rd bosses, by the "push" of both par
ties and by the political managers of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, the importance of
he coming election is fully understood and ap
jreciated. They may be indifferent, to the great
ssues at stake in the national contest, but
:hey are heedful and vigilant concerning those
.vhich will affect the political control and pa-
Tonage cf the State. They are aware that
ollowing the census of this year the Legislature will
:ave next winter to reapportion the Assembly, Sena
orial and Congressional districts. They also; keep in
r.:nd the fact that this year there will be elected a
number of Senators who will hold over and have a
„?_ f~- «V.~ .l^lnn' /-»t -i T"nit»>H in
This is to be a business men's campaign for pros
perity, and it should be attended to as a business
proposition from the start.
Members of the Health Board believe that the sug
gestion of their removal by the Board of Supervisors
is an act of the grossest unkindness. It may. be pos
sible that the bubonic gentlemen intend to enjoy the
pleasure of removing themselves from office.
SUNDAY JULY 15. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
*ddre»« All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'LtLICATIOS OFFICE. .Market and Tblr-d. 9. K.
Telephone 1'resi 2O1.
EDITORIAL 21OOMS....21T to 221 Stevenson it.
Telephone PreM 202.
Drllrrrrd t»r Carrier*, IS Cents Per "Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* b> Mall. Including Postage i
DAIIVT CALL, ilndudln* Sunday), one rear WJ*
DAIL.T CALL <lndu<l!ns Sunday). 6 montlj« a.00
PA1LY CALL (iBcluCine Sunday). 3 months 1.60
pAtLY CALL— Ey BSoffl« Month ~«
FUND AT CALL Cr* Year J-M
WEEKLY CALL Oe« Yoar - *-<*
AXI poaUaatatera are authorized to receive
subscription*.
fiss&lt ccpiej will b« forwarded when rtquetttg.
M«ll «i:b»ertber» In ©nSertn* cbanx* of »<S<Sre«i should b«
particular tc sir* both NEW AND OLJ> ADDRESS In order
to !ue.-« & prcnipt *sd correct co=j>Hmc« with inelr request.
m>ri.i\n OFFICE. ........... .1118 llroadir-mj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Wtnajer Fore-gn Advertising, Marqustts Building. Chicago.
CLca* r^lataaa* Trteptcae "Central tOX")
NEW TOIUC C0IUIESPONDEKT:
C C. CARLTCN. _ Heraid Square
rnrw youx rkpresentattve:
STEPHEN a SMITH.., 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO XTEWS STANDS:
Etensaa IXocsa; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Freacat Hcuae; Auditorium Hotel
NEW TORE NEWS ETAJSDS:
TTsJdsrf-Astorta Hotel; A. Iirrctano, SI Union Sgaaxe;
lluxrmjr II1U UoteL
WASHINGTON <D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hote.
K!QgTON_E. CRANE. Correspondent,
CRATCH OFFICES— !37 Moctscmery. cerwr of Clay, or*-*
be til t M o'clock, toe Ilaya, open until »:S0 o'clock. d
XIcAlliMer. open until S:SO o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
i .:: o'clock. 2M1 JUselcn, open until 10 o'clock. Sltl Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until I o'clock. ISSt Valencia, open
cctil :- o'clock. 1C« Elex-ecth. open until 9 o'clock. NW cor- \
tier 7" •••:.:>•-¦« r r.d and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
ALL PLEDGES FULFILLED.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY in replying to the
notification of his renomination by the Repub
lican party had the satisfaction of being able
to recall the pledges he made when nominated four
years ago and pointing out that all of them have
been fulfilled. Such a record is one of which an offi
cial might be proud under any circumstances, and
when the difficulties that confronted the President —
the industrial depression of the country when he took
office, the war with Spain and the complex questions
arising from the results of the war — are considered,
it will be seen that in his case the fulfillment of all
pledges is a proof of the highest statesmanship.
The President's own words on the subject are worth
noting. He recalled what he had spoken four years
ago referring to the need of legislation to establish
our monetary S3'stem on a sound basis, to restore our
industrial supremacy, our productive capacity, our
commerce and prosperity, to renew public confidence
in the integrity of the nation, to augment the rev
enues and confirm national credit, and to provide
ample work for the people, and then added:
"Three and a half years of legislation and ad
ministration have been concluded s!nce these words
were spoken. Have those to whom was confided
the direction of the Government kept their pledges?
The record is made up. The people are not unfa
miliar with what has been accomplished. The gold
standard has been reaffirmed and strengthened. The
endless chain has been broken and the drain upon
our gold reserve no longer frets us. The credit of the
country has been advanced to the highest place
among all nations. We are refunding our bonded
debt bearing 3 and 4 and 5 per cent interest at 2 per
cent, a lower .rate than that of any other country,
and already more than $300,000,000 has been so
funded, with a gain to the Government of many mil
lions of dollars. Instead of 16 to I, for which our
opponents contended four years ago, legislation has
been enacted which, while utilizing all forms of our
money, secures one fixed value for every dollar, and
that the best known to the civilized world. A tariff
which protects American labor and industry and pro
vides ample revenues has been written in public law.
We have lower interest and higher wages, more
money and fewer mortgages. The world's markets
have been opened to American products, which go
now where they have never gone before. We have
passed from a bond-issuing to a bond-paying nation;
from a nation of borrowers to a nation of lenders;
from a deficiency in revenue to a surplus; from fear
to confidence; from enforced idleness to profitable
employment. The public faith has been upheld; pub
lic order has been maintained. We have prosperity
at home and prestige abroad."
Has there ever before been a statesman of any land
or any age who in seeking from his fellow citizens an
indorsement of his stewardship has been able to show
a more notable record of pledges fulfilled, expecta
tions realized and prosperity assured?
McKinley has been tried and found true to eveiy
duty of his high office. He has shown himself su
perior to every emergency that has arisen in peaca
or in war. His platform is his record. By what he
has been in the past we can safely judge what he will
be in the future. The whole country can readily unite
with Senator Lodge in saying to him: "Your elec
tion and the triumph of the Republican party — which
we believe to be as sure as the coming of the day —
will make certain the steady protection of our indus
tries, sound money and a vigorous and intelligent
foreign policy. They will continue those conditions
of good government and wise legislation so essential
to the prosperity and well being which have blessed
our country in such abundance during the past four
years."
IBSEN is now 72 years old. If one may Judge from the qual
ity of hts last play, "When the Dead Awaken (H. S.
Stone. Chicago), his lifework is done. M°re° v 'X. be mtS
self seems conscious of this fact, for he ha S> deliberately
sub-titled his tragedy "A Dramatic Epilogue.
The play opens at the inevitable Norwegian water Ins place
whither have come Arnold Rubek, an elderly, distinguished
sculptor, and his young wife Mala. They have been married
some four or five years. Rubek , ,
is bored with the constant com- * , %
panionship of this beautiful - >J&£Jm
young- woman, who cares nothing - ~ s<~£%%?
»bout art, and Mala is beginning ? * V^|^
to find out that he is bored. Into * -«3&l$fP'
the lives of this ill-sorted couple
there now enters— or, rather, so X $&&
far as Rubek is concerned, there s&%&G%&
re-enters— "a slender lady, dress- £$%£&»
ed In fine, cream-white cashmere, '$!*$$%!
nnd followed by a sister of mercy '<*&*#**'
in black, with a silver cross hang- "^ . ,?}
ing by a chain on her breast. Her , ¦ ,
face is pale, and Its lines seem to ' , '}%Jw88m &T
have stiffened: the eyelids are ' ~Jg&L .!?"
drooiifd and the eyes appear as . -,sV
though they saw nothing. Her k/> \ Z*4$?*' V
dress comes down to her feet and ; • ,V ¦ v - *
clings to the body in prrpendicu- ; ' / ; -
lar folds. Over her -head, neck, \\ /
breast, shoulders find arms she ..¦¦.:> .> ..-. ¦
wears a large shawl of white f! yf/tj'>*.
crape. She keeps her arms cross- . c^>; "<fy%t&3 f "r
ed upon her breast. She carries " ,-\±K- '%??$$&*&&&&'
her body immovably and her p^^M^iMMm^^
steps are stiff'and measured. , ; * TjiH
This is Irene, a former model of
Rubek's. Her dress symbolizes W^^^$^MrM^i^M?^^^^M
that her soul is dead, though her
Ms so^u^she had piven to Rubek
many years before, - when she m§B~0&J§WMX'km !^^ l^
stood as model for the central i > ."» - i^fflffli
figure in his proat sculpture of
body she had not giwn him be-
cause he (not she) felt that he _ .
could not idealize her in lmper- HENKIK J
ishable marble unless she were
ISrwh^rh^un'SdV^Poe^oui. Far from resenting : the re
appearance of the old love. Mala welcomes it. for she like
Rubek. has decided that marriage without community of tastes
and interests is a mistake. She has found one Ulfhcim. a bear
hunter, a veritable primitive man, who can talk to her of
horses and dogs, hunting and camping-things in which she
delights- with the frankness of a true Ibsen heroine she in
forms her husband that she wishes to go off to the mountains
on an expeditUn with Ulfheim and (somewhat unnecessarily)
asks for the marital permission to do so. This, it Is hardly
more necessary to add, is instantly given, for Rubek had also
decided to go to these same mountains that he might there
commune with Irene, the one woman, he finds, who can inspire
him to artistic achievement. With this charming situation the
first act closes.
The second act opens at a mountain health resort. In a
long conversation Rubek and Mala "have it out"; he had mar
ried her. it appears, after Irene had left him and "The Resur
rection Day" had made him famous, because she was a pretty
luxury that he liked to feel he could afford; but he confesses
to her- that (touching his breast) "In here, you see— in here I
have a little bramah-locked casket. And In that casket all my
sculptor's visions are stored up. But when Irene disappeared
and left no trace, the lock of the casket snapped to. And she
had the key— and she took it away with her. You, little Maia,
you -had no key; so all that the casket contains must He unused.
And the years pass! And I have no means of getting at the
treasure."
MAIA.
IRENE.
(Trying to repress a subtle smile)— Then get her to turn the
key for you again— we two will simply get out of each other's
wa'y— part entirely. I shall always find something new for
myself, Tiere or there in the world. Something free! Free!
Free! No need to be anxious about that, Professor Rubek!
With this conclusion she hands him over to the other lady
and proceeds to make her preparations for the expedition with
the bear hunter. We now learn for the first time why Irene
had left Rubek;
(Looking at him with a soft expression)— Can you remem
ber a little word that you said when you had finished— finished
with me • • * ?
PROFESSOR RUBEK.
Did I say a little word then which you still remember? ,
IRENE.
Yes you did. Can you not recall It?
PROFESSOR RUBEK.
(Shaking his head)— No. I can't say that I do. -Not at the
present moment, at any rate.
BY Lj. DU FONT SYLB.
"WHENTHE DEAD AWAKEN"
IBSEN'S LATEST PLAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
XO SUCH HAND— W. F. H.. Mills,
Wyo.— There Is no such hand In crlbbage
as 25. 26 or 27. ¦__
CRISPINS— W. F.. City. Shoemakers
are called Crispins after St. Crispin, who
was a shoemaker and preached In France.
He was martyred in 2S7.
TELEGRAPH HILL AND GOAT ISL
AND—D.. City. The highest point on
Telegraph Hill In San Francisco is 220 feet
above base, the base line being: Drumm
street. The height of Yerba Buena or
Goat Island is 341 feet above the ordinary
sea level.
BATTLESHIP AND GREYHOUND— B.
S., City. The cost of a first-class battle
ship Is from two to three millions of dol
lars. The cost of an ocean greyhound Is
from one million and n quarter to one
million and a half, fitted out ready for
sea.
PLANS OF THE UNIVERSITY— C. H.,
City. The plans of the University of Cali
fornia, prepared at' the request of Mrs.
Hearst were on exhibition in the nave of
the ferry building during the early part
of September. 1S99. They were on exhibi
tion for about two -weeks.
5
26
HENRIK IBSEN,
Doctor— "Well. I consider the medical
profession very badly treated. See how
few monuments there are to famous doc*
tors or surgeons.
The Patient— Oh, doctor! look at out
cemetery :— Tit-Bits.
Special Information supplied dally td
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'sO. 513 ilont-,
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsead's.*
Orrlieura — Yaufievl'le.
Grand Opera-fccus*— "The Dancing Girl."
California— "At Gay Coney Island."
Columbia— "The Liars" to-morrow night.
TIvoll— •'The Ge'.sha."
Alcazar 1 — '"Carcllle."
Olympia. corner ilason acd Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo ar.a Theater— Vaudeville e-very afternoon and
evecJn*.
Fischer's— "Martha."
Union Coum'.nB Park-CourslEt to-day.
Kecreation Park— Baseball.
Sutrn Baths— Oiwi X'ehts.
A-fiTUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll Cdha— Monday. July 16. at 31 o'clock. Grocery and
Ear. at £K. corner Webster &ni Gecry sts.
By S. Watki r?— Monday, July 16, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison «£.
H Is different from any other toilet preparation. \
H It is not a simple beautifier. It is neither \
H paint, powder nor bleach. It is a medicinal I
jl A full explanation, instructions and a sample of the I
M cream will be mailed to any address upon receipt of a 2c -A
m stamp. Anita Cream «fc Toilet Co., 207 Frinklin street, 'ATailcr Krudnan Left His Ejected
Goods on the Sidewalk and
Disappeared.
E. A. Bradley of 209 Leldcsdorff street
reported at the Morgue yesterday that
Frank Krudnan, a tailor, doing business
at £04 Sansome street, had been missing
since July 6. On that day the Sherlfl
dispossessed Krudnan on the suit of the
landlord and left the contents of the
tailor shop on the sidewalk. Krudnati
went away in despair, leaving his good*
where they were and has not been seen
since.
Neighbors of the unfortunate man
stored the goods in a basement on th»
northwest corner of Pacific and Sansome
streets. It is believed that the dispos
sessed tailor jumped Into the bay.
TURNED OUT OF THE
SHOP BY THE SHERIFF
Exquisite.
The present prevailing styles for picture
framing are plain bone ebonies or with
burnished gold dainty ornaments, green
and gray caks, mahoganies, etc.: the new
est patterns in ail widths from the tinie?t
to the widest at Sanborn & Vail's. with
an endless variety of mat boards. in cor
responding tints. 741 Market street. •
DISPLAY FLAGS
FOR THAT BIG
CELEBRATION
Talk of Reconsideration of
the Award Made on
Last Friday.
What the Foresters of America In
tend Doing for the Grand
Parade — Ancient Order
of Workmen.
There is a possibility that at the next
meeting of me general committee of the
semi-centennial celebration of the ad
mission of California into the Union there
will be a movement to rescind the action
that was taken last Friday night in the
matter of special design flags for the use
of the decorations committee, on the
ground that there was a misunderstand
ing when the committee named was
given full power to act.
The decorations committee at a pre
vious meeting had been authorized to
secure designs and bids for such special
flags. During the week the committee re
ceived a number of proposals, and from
among the number selected those of B.
Pasquale & Sons, the Columbia Notion
and Toy Company and M. Feigenbaum.
In the opinion of a majority of the com
mittee, which is composed of H. L. Gunz
berpcr. R. P. Doolan. Louis Xonnemann,
M. A- Dorn. I. Harris, Frank L. Coombs,
Fred Suhr Jr., John A. Stelnbach andDr.
C. W. Decker, the designs furnished by
Feigenbaum were more artistic and
striking than those presented by the
other firms, but there was an objection
to their recommending them to the gen
eral committee for adoption. That was
the price. Feigenbaum charged 19»s
cents per flag In lots of 1000 of each de
sign, while Pasquale charged but 10 cents,
and the toy company 10^ cents. It was
decided to submit the matter to the gen
eral committee without recommendation
from the sub-committee. The several de
signs were spread on the floor and during
a recess were viewed by all present. The
general idea, after the view, was that
the wisest plan would be to select the
four best and most appropriate designs
submitted by each bidder. The decora
tions committee stated that the bidders
each wanted a contract for the eight de
s'igns or none. Then followed a number
of motions and amendments, and finally
one to refer the matter back to the com
mittee was lost, and one to refer the mat
ter to the committee with full power to
act was carried.
"When this was announced one of the
An hour after this the decorations com
mittee asked permission to file a *sup
plemental report, and such being granted.
Chairman Gunzberger stated that the
members of the committee had met Mr.
Feicrenbaum. who is a member of the
order, and that he haQ agreed to accept
16Vi cents for each flap, and that the
contract had been awarded to him. This
announcement was met with a motion
that the award be not ratified on the
ground that the announcement had been
made that the 10 cent proposition would
be accepted, but Chairman Frank H.
Dunne held that the motion could not be
entertained for the reason that the sub
committee had been given full power to
act.
The other bidders felt disappointed at
the result, and It is more than likely that
at the next meeting something will be
done to undo what was done on Friday.
It is not known how many flags will be
needed, but the number majr be from
10.000 to 20.000.
The San Francisco extension committee
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
was waited on last evening by a repre
sentative of the parade committee on the
matter of the order being represented
in the parade. The committee will rec
ommend to the board of corporate direct
ors at its next meeting that some action
be taken. It is probable that the Work
men will be represented in line by two
symbolical floats, and that on a third one
the degree team of the Degree of Honor,
the ladies' auxiliary, will make a. display
In costume. There is a possibility that
the degree teams of the Workmen lodges
in this city, Oakland, San Jose and Sac
ramento, in uniform, will act as guard of
honor to the ladles' auxiliary-
The American Order of Foresters have
under consideration the turning out of an
appropriate float and about 2500 members
of courts In uniform caps and sashes, and
each carrying a branch of pine surround
ed by a small American flag.
sub-committee members remarked that
that being the case, it was likely that
the 10 cent designs would be selected.
WAR REVENUE STAMPS
WILL BE REDEEMED
Insurance Companies and Others May
Convert Unused Canceled Ones
Into Coin.
Business men. Insurance companies and
other corporations v/ho use war revenue
stamps extensively on policies and other
papers, have been complaining to the
Secretary of the 'Treasury for more than
a year that they have suffered much loss
by reason of the non-acceptance by their
patrons of contracts on each of which
from two to three dollars worth of war
revenue stamps have been pasted and
canceled. The request has been made that
the Government refund the money ex
pended on such canceled stamps and the
request has been granted by Congress.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch is
now ready to Issue to business men who
have unused canceled stamps on hand the
necessary blanks to be filled in and for
warded with the canceled stamps and the
affidavits to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue at "Washington, D. C.
BRIEF HONEYMOON OF
JOHN GEDGE AND WIFE
She Deserts Him After Three Days
and Is Arrested for Petty
Larceny.
Leona Delmar. alias Jacobs, at one time
an occupant of the Macdalen Asylum,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Wren and Dinan and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of petty lar-
After leaving the asylum she went to
Watsonvllle and led a dissolute life. She
met John Gedge. a carriage painter, and
he became infatuated with her. He is 41
years of age and she is IS. They were
married after a brief courtship a week
ago yesterday and came to the city to
spend their honeymoon with Gedge s
mother. Mrs. Emma Baldwin. 136 Hart
ford street. . , .
Leona soon became tired of her hus
band and last Tuesday night she deserted
him Gedge became disconsolate at her
loss" and Notified the police. Detectives
Wren and Dinan were detailed to find
her They discovered her yesterday
morning and Gedge and his mother were
notified. They called at police headquar
ters but Leona refused to speak to either
ofTnem. and Mrs. Baldwin accused her of
stealing a collarette and ring, on which
charge she was booked. The wayward
ySS'g woman declares she hates Gedge
and will not on any account live with
him again. .
California Northwestern Railway,
The
the picturesque route of California, will
run an excursion to LTelab Sunday. July
22 Each ticket sold insures a seat, as
the company will not sell any more tick
ets than the number of seats provided.
There Js no more delightful trip on the
coa»t than a ride through Marin, Santa
Rosa and Russian River Valleys, and it
becomes a positive pleasure when it can
be over four hours
in ihteh to lunch, visit the Fish Hate*
ery of the California Northwestern RjUI
wav the Rancheria Asylum. \ ichy
Springs and many other points of Interest.
The fare will be only J2 for the round
trip. Tickets can be procured at the ticket
offices of the company. ©0 Market street
(Chronicle building), or at the Tlburon
Ferry, foot of Market street, on July IS.
19 The trauVwill ijo straight through, mak
ing no stops in transit. Leave Tiburon
Ferry at 8:30 a. m. Leave Lklah 5 p.m.
Ah Lee. sen-ant In the Chinese consul
ate, was charged In Judge Fritz's court
yesterday with having a lottery scroll In
his possession. His defense was that he
belonged to a society whoso members were
bound to pick up all papers fbund on the
streets and burn them. He had Just
picked up the scroll when the policeman
arrested him. Tbe policeman testified that
Ah Lee tried to escape. The Judge told
Ah Lee that he did not believe his story,
but granted him a continuance until to
morrow to enable him to produce wit
nesses.
An Ingenious Defense.
Forward, march.
The second week of the Assignee Sale of
Shoes •will ;- commence to-morrow. Don't
miss it Buy a pair of Ladles' Shoes that
are worth $2 60 for 75c a pair at the As
signee Sale of Shoes, 775 Market street,
near Fourth. KLi^
Fire Lieutenant John McCarthy Was
Found Asleep Instead of Being
on Watch.
John McCarthy of fire engine 22 was
yesterday tried before the Fire Commis
sioners for neglect of duty in being found
asleep instead of on watch. The charge
was proved and McCarthy was disrated
and ordered transferred to another com
\V. P. Conlin, stoker of engine SO. was
fined fifteen days* pay for being drunk
and ordered to report for duty immedi
ately.
Fire Marshal Towe asked that the
Board of Supervisors be instructed to
compel all oil dealers to surround their
oil and prasoline tanks with a wall of
trick and mortar a foot thick and at
least four feet higher than the tanks
themselves. The matter was referred to
the Chief Engineer.
Recommendations of the Chief Engineer
that hydrants be placed in the district
bounded by Pennsylvania avenue. Twen
ty-fifth street. Connecticut street and
Army street, and also at the corners of
Illinois and Eighteenth and Nineteenth
streets, were adopted.
NEGLECTED H!S DUTY
AND WAS DISRATED
3>lrectlons for the distribution of J&.WV
0X1 are now on file in the office of the
County Clerk in the form of testaments
of the late Ar.son P. Hotaling Sr. and his
f-or^, Ansoa P. HotaUngr Jr. The wealth of
Mr. Hotaling Sr. has long been known,
and It is said that the estate of his son,
. xc!uslve of the interest of that of h's
: ither. will reach into hundreds of thou-
'ands.
The will of the elder Hotaling wa.« exe
cuted July 25. 3S33. In the presence of Sid
ney \V. Smith and Fred W. Ray. By its
t^rms or.e half of decedent's property is
devised to his tvdow, Mrs. Lavlna J. Ho
titlinfr, and the residue i!» equal shares to
his three sons, two of whom, Richard il.
sr.d Frederick C Hotaling, survive hira.
That clause of the v.ill bequeathing Mrs.
lintaliruj one-half the property reads as
follows :
Thie derts* !« Intended by xne to be tn stead
r,r and ia satiefartion of all claims which my
wife may have to any part of my estate,
whether ty right of dower or homestead, or a«
6urvl%'or of the community ur.der the law? of
California or otherwise, and I do desire that
xr.y wtle chall be put to h^r flection, whether
ta take, under this will and devise, or by rea
p.n of her Fuch dewer cr corarr.uRity or hoine
t-.il or other rlFht*. sr.i that if *he shaJl
cboow and demand to taJce any part of rar
*«tate, wheresoever Ftiuate, under any of sucti
rights, then the fcregcir.g devise ehall be void
ltA she shall take nothing- by this my will.
Mrs. Hotalinzr and A. P. Hotalingr Jr.
are namfij as executrix and executor.
Mrs. Hotaling. however, has renounced
th»» risrht to act as executrix, and as A.
P. Hotaling Jr. i= d^ad the right has been
transferred to S. iL Augustine, a friend
of the deceased. >
Th<i will of A. P. Hotalini? Jr. %vas exe
cuted August 20. 1S53. with A. W. Linforth
and Oscar Sutro a* witnesses. Decedent
bequeathed his entire estate to his widow.
Mrs. Ella K. Ilotaiin^. to whom the car«
of Jane T. and George H. Hotaling. their
minor children. Is commended. Mrs. Ho
ta.li.ig was named as executrix of this
v,:i!. but S. M. A'Jgrustlne will accept the
"With It Is the Testament of His Eld
est Child, Who, Like His Pa
rent, Left a Vast
Estate.
Will of Anson P. Hotaling
Has Been Filed for
Probate.
FATHER AND SON
DEVISE MILLIONS
TO THEIH HEIRS
duties of settling the estate at her re
quest.
Both estates consist of real and personal
property, includinpr stocks and bonds and
a large interest which the decedents heM
in the liquor business bearing the firm
name of A. P. Hotalin.gr & Co.
The United States transport Hancock
was released from quarantine late yester
day afternoon, but she did not dock. Cap
tain "Struve brought her down into the
stream off the transport wharf and an
chored. When the Sumner sails to-mor
row at noon the Hancock will take her
place at Folsom-street wharf.
All the cabin passengers were landed
on tue tug Fearless, bui the soldiers will
not be brought ashore until to-day. Of
the five deaths during the voyage not one
was a case that could have been saved.
The men were practically doomed when
put aboard at Manila, and it was only
the unremitting care of the doctors and
nurses that kept them alive as long as
they did. Of the insane men two jumped
overboard and were drowned. A th.ra
attempted to end his life, but was caught
in the act. All the cabin passengers who
came up on the Hancock join in saying
that the back of the rebellion is broken
and that in a few months the insurgents
will submit.
The chances are that the Hancock will
follow the Sumner on August 1, and that
the Meade will be overhauled. Men and
provisions are urgently needed in the
Philippines and in China, but the Meade (
is in need of overhauling and the chances [
are she will not sail until after the War- j
ren. The Californian, with 10,000 tons of \
merchandise aboard, will get away at 10 j
a. m. to-morrow and the Sumner with
6oO troops and abput a thousand tons of |
freight will sail two hours later. !
Ships Block the Way.
During the past few days a big fleet
of vessels have arrived from foreign ports
and, owing to the rule laid down by the
United States Quarantine Officer, It Is now
almost Impossible to pass Messs Wharf
during a uark night with any degree of
safety. The ships John Ena, Yosemite.
Sir Robert Fernie. Afon Alav.-, Robert
Duncan, Craiareme, Hiddikel and half a
dozen others are stretched between Black
Point and Alcatraz and a sailing vessel,
compelled to anchor and await the arrival
of the doctor, has a mighty hard time of
it finding a spot free from danger.
Friday evening the John Ena arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, and the cap
tain, finding no place where he could an
chor with safety outside the quarantine
lines, held on up the bay. Dr. Klnyoun
chased after him In the Governor Perkins
and made the big ship anchor. The cap
tain had to secure a tug and tow back
to Black Point, where the ship lay all
night, awaiting pratique. Also owing to
the crowded state of the fairway the Sir
Robert Fernie and Yosemite were in col
lision, and many more accidents are ex
pected before the fairway is cleared.
Water Front Notes.
A young Frenchwoman, who would not
eiveher name, attempted to Jump from a
Sausallto ferry boat yesterday. She was
turned over to Serjeant Tom Mahoney.
who sent her out to the Central station.
There she was questioned, but refused to
disclose her Identity or give her name.
She was released.
Captain Smith of the bark Mauna Ala
will return home on the Australia. Cap
tain Hamilton Is In command of the ves
sel.
Captain Murchison, who waited here
three months for the overdue Americana,
la now In command of the ship John Cur
rier. Murchison got tired of awaiting the
arrival of the schooner, so he reinsured
his share In her at prices ranging from
20 to 30 per cent and went north. He
had barely taken command of the John
Currier when the news of the arrival of
the Americana, in distress, at Honolulu
reached here.
The old bark Germanla has been con
demned by the United States Inspectors
end will be turned Into a coal barge. Th»
Germanla Is fifty years old and It was
about time eho was withdrawn from ac
tive service.
L. O. Adams of the well-known firm of
Taylor, Adams & Prltchard leaves to-mor
row for a month's sojourn at GUroy
Springs.
Suspicious Cases of Sickness on the
Vessel Caused Her to Be Held
Temporarily at Angel
Island.
Army Transport Hancock
Has Been Released Prom
Quarantine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15. 1900.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
27
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Q" The Larzest Aoatctnacal Moseoai in tbe
Wond Wekkseues er any conuacted
SSS/N disene pe«J«l»rly cured Dy the olasit
gJj*S 531 ipecialutea the Co«»c F -r
|^i CR. k'OROAN-PHIVATE DISEASES
lC*Xl9u (.oa«ulta:ico free ind itrict!* priTate.
IWJJ Tr«rm;nt pcnonaily or by letter. A
fl Mr Ell PottKt CuTtm r»ery dseuaderukts.
B fl \\o> Write fce Book, r ¦! LOSOra Y tf
I b 11 r ¦*¦¦¦*«• mau_eo raza. 4 a
A IL ' valuable book for mra)
DB. JfOBDAN A CO.. 1031 Market St, a F.
A CHICMESTErVS ENGU8H
f ENHYRQYAL PILLS
j __/V"v OHztaal aad Only C«aata«>
P-O**_>N H.4FE. «!•»». r»i»»!,. I. a 4le>. u< Dranl.t
£• *S V-^-i •" CUICHESTEK'S KNGLUU
i:i:D »al told mraulto t»ia. »» .t
—^WfJwlasiatrtbbon. Take n«»Uer. Kcfa««
Tn •** »V3 Dc«ser«ut >«b«tltn:lon« aad ImlUr.
\'l r fo f*"»» Bb / * f T**r Dn^uiu. t tni »«•• la
I W Jf "ior. ft>r Psrtlemlmra, TntlmoaUIt
V^* v tp »ad "RetUffor LUlH,*nUtiar, by »>«.
v 1 an Drajii.u. C'aleboter Chenleal Cr*.
Hntloa tUf ?»;«•". Jladlsoa bqaarc, f J U L.V.. f£
READ THESE!
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and 5UPPLIE5.
DR. HALL'S RElNYlGORATORSrayq
F1t« hundred reward for any Son K"V
ease we cannot cure, ThU «ecret ¦¦H »»J
remedy (tops all losses tn 24 1 fj
hcura. cures Emission*. Impo- RT9 BBS
tency, Varlrecele. Gonorrhoea. P'fl
Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost U!jJ it-'l'l
Manhood and all wastlns effects ¥ Ci-A
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent * ka * a "'*T^^l
¦ ealed. S2 bottle; S bottles. S3: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
ETITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for ul» at 10734 Market st.. S. F. All prlva:«
elseaMS quickly cured. Send for fre* book.
It Cured the Engineer.
Grass Valler. Cal., Jane 13. 1300.
DR. T. A. EAXDEN: Received your
ehort note a few days ago. Ao to the
Electric Belt I purchaned of you. I in
COMPLETKL.T CURED of my trouble*.
Have NOT WORN the Belt for two veeki.
as I rtcn't need It now. Ara quite cured.
Kespectfullj-. C IL WELDON.
3JulInn. I'lali". Jane S. 1900. :
DR. T. A. BANDEN: I am now well.
Tour B«lt Is a Rood thing. I think every-
body who la weak should nave one of th«m.
Tours very truly. J. -H. HISE.
Can You Find a. Physician
who will undertake to relieve you of the awful pains of rheumatism, sciatica
and lumbago, the sufferings of debility, varicocele, the troubles arising
from kidney, liver and bladder complaints, and who is willing to say to you,
"I will accept one-half my fee and leave it to you to pay me the balance
when you are absolutely cured?"
YES, YOU CAN!
I have treated thousands of cases similar to yours during my thirty
years' experience as a specialist in electric treatment *of diseases of the
nervo-muscular system, and by means of my
DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT (Patented)
have been so uniformly successful that I .can promise you a safe and speedy
cure, in proof of which I am willing to send you any of my highest power
appliances for
ONE-HALF CASH, THE BALANCE TO BE
PAID ONLY WHEN YOU ARE CURED!
Send for my new book, profusely illustrated. It is free. Or, better still,
call and see me, receive free professional medical advice and examine the
belt.
TfcR IT A SANDEN 6>* I .*»* l V r L*. -.»*T.. San FrancUco. Cal.
I***-* * • *%• v7A»ll»^«-*lly Office hours, dally 9 to 9; Sunflayg 10 to J.
AND BY
REPUTABLE
PHYSICIANS.
HAVE TRIED IT
BY ALL WHO
EXPERIMENT,
IT IS INDORSED
IS NOT AN
FOR DEBILITY
AS A' CURE
ELECTRICITY
\v> save money for amateurs. We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio. 11 Geary st. : supplies. •
122O-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN
W FH l^ U N P**^ £ H 1T"^^ 1& T 7 f ""H This enormous reduction is made on the former prices of ALL our
| j^^ J\ I rl B \ \&. |! *¦ Wl I Furniture from the cheapest to the bsst and finest. It's our annual Sum-
/ Bl jj Shu ' J "" I mer Clearance — an event that our customers look foVw^ard to and -wait for,
h 1 \ R 3l frr, J j !L^»g 4 >j tt»— * ¦ l» ecaus e they appreciate that, while at all times we are lower in price than
i any other Furniture Store, this Summer Clearance Reduction of one-quar-
BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING, ter off the usual prices brings within their reach tremendous bargains—
\ COR. SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS. gigantic money-savin- opportunities.
i ;. ¦ : ¦¦ ¦ % :-x : -}- ¦
I CARPETS AND RUGS. LACE CURTAINS AND DRAPERY STUFFS.
The Biggest Bargains Ever Offered in Drapery Fabrics for Window and Door Drapes,
Strictly Kigh-Grade Goods the Finest Silks and Damasks, at 2Oc, 30c,
Are offered you this week to set acquainted w ilh the largest and best- 40c and 50c Oil til- Dollar.
lighted Carpet Department on the coast. Everv article on this immense rrr.. „, „,
iloor is priced to save you the jobbers*, wholesalers' and middlemen's PRICES THAT WILL SURPRISE YOU.
profit. \\ c contract direct with manufacturers and guarantee you the best
goods and a VONTY S \VI\T, \" even- »nncirr : nn :0-IXCH HEAVY TAPESTRY, with border on EO-IXCH REVEHSIULE PORTIERE FABRICS
. «t™ \ "Vfre.* :5AV 1 - >> * J l! - e%c '- v Eideg revarslble worth $1 25 a yard win AVD furnituke coverings, worth » a
lllGU-Gn.WE TAI'ESTRT nntTSSEI-S— I ALL-WCiOL. IXGRAIX CARPETS— Gnar- go at 75o yard, will ko at 9S.OO
rn cnoic* rir.*i K n C and latest colrringp; i antefd to >>c strictly nil wool— so:u else-
never Mid for less than 75c and Sic. will j I !.„ . .1 t JT, ri , v f * c lC _ ffe v m Ke ?l at M-INCH ORIENTAL TArESTRY. reversible. ALL-WOOL REVERSIBLE TATESTRY BRO-
be closed out at «(>c * he ™ la " s cl ; J lor e lir _ suitable for furniture coverings, hangings. CADED VELOURS, satin moire stripes, fine
HIGH-GRADE I5ODY nni-SPEL5^_incl-jd- • °° ° etc - worth * : :5 a J ard - wl » so at <H>c sUk damask.«. worth 14 and $5 a yard, will
**ich V £i n Z£a r^'ar'i^'n 'ITnd ' EnST HIGH-GRADE P.OXDURT CAR- FINE IMPORTED FRENCH-MADE TAPES- B9Bt -"J-," J
J: 4.' r tu.any at » w «M PETS-Made t-y the famous Rnxbury TRY. reversible. 50 inches wide, worth 12 a The FINEST FRENCH DAMASKS, heavy flg-
i I!!CI!-O!U"r vnoV-V^i-"="v"" J Mills-sold rccularly at Jl 00-will be sold yard, will goat §1^25 urtd silk velours, silk Moorish and Egyptian
. O r t., , a i;™ rt (H JJ- L TT Kj— None bet-, rJ-r'n'ra ¦ S5c tapcEtn'. worth $G a yard, so at 9IJ.3O
;_•• "L a , SfJ5 ™S^ V f soft - rich color - ' • 1CK) P aIrs RUFFLED MUSLIX CURTAINS, em-
i *"» i"^ ,^i it * *** " E 'CI; 8 --^' 1 adarte-1 i HIGH-GR»DE 'HEA\T INGRAIN CAR- broidercd with renaissance braid. 3 yards 100 pairs of LACE CURTAINS. 3^i yards Ions.
, ax- 60 *'* a " ! : cclch ! PETS-^VIII 'an for v«-ars-worth regu- Ian*, worth t2 r.O. « and U 30 a pair. Special. full width, best quality of net. small, neat
AX ?rs ' htt J4 -° P« yaH • f , ,n V L m V-,! -Ac a air 91 MS desi E r.s. good edge?, worth J3 75. $! and $5 a
1 •¦ *1.1O' laxly 6Cc-wllI te sold for 4.>C Special, a.. pair $3.00
i — — — 10O pairs POINT DE HOXITON' LACE CUR-
I „. „, __ . w^mn.-mn.-^ nnrvm TAINS. 34 yards Ion*, full width, best qua!- BRUSSELS LACE CURTAINS, sold at JS 50. *9
PARLOR and DliMiVG-RUUiYl Uy or net. worth » To. t4 and J5 a pair. and *10 a pair, in this sale go at, a pair
' Special, a pair $:*.!S3 $.%, ?5.5O and ?(>
i^^^^^MM^mm MORE FURNITURE, . .
i,A.r"> .*f^-2T^Tti>J^ top SCX42 in. and extends 6 ft.; crated DADI HD DA DP A IMC
Jj\J! S^ .^J Ieive«, i raooth running slides: strong; legs. rAKLUn pAKbAINb.
tH: '&i 5S" IS3 b-"^ ca't* C i4 d a " d g.tt.SO TARLOR SUIT-3 handsome pieces: .^I^XO;^
¦7£ «3: 5^ .<!• iii In to- r til»r.did a?*-<rtment ft TINE Dutch Marquetry backs: upholstered seats— iv^AVl^^: 3;\Cv//
ETj. &2 t V^ V J §? TABLES JUST AS HOOD BARGAINS— beet damask; Diar.o polish finish. V/Tf^ r~ e" 1 V " *f,f
M r^J bY £•* £* I over CO styles, all ffrades. Js:j7--.<> PARUiR SUIT-Solid mahogany; \' ••TmWT; "7/
1 *Z\ \y S &J 46.* ' f*y best damask covering; solid colors; must be 1^ ¦4-, s ;-rc^-*:M^K x-^ /^vZv\
to »«n to .- be . wreclated. l®''>vy,^©M / S^/P^S\
' CU *^' «ii CJ^g^^^^aSS^^r^eS^Spesqp W» PARLOR SCIT-SolW mahopany, nicely W^^^^^A^S^sS^OsS 1 //
i j;-^sj^-«ia5^=^,-. j^=^»- inlaid, full-carved backs; upholstered in silk L'^.-.. ¦-•^'i^-^'^y/f^^-Zi^'^,/
>M 5*1 damask. 5;,;>>, vi f.^ A t V
rtn ftrtrnr FIVE COLID OVK S3 ! & M U P 84J> PARLOR SUIT-3 elejrant places, hand- K^S^V^S'H |l'5?-M,VS r »'l- H
S900P^^^k -I III I ss?««»""
"HALF ITS VALUE. Golden ¦ KJ r x P*3-fW Sl'i SS.5O PARLOR ROCKER-Solld mahogany; <j; ?^jte-~^lz2^£&>d
caic. TIANO I'OLISH finish: tcp «i«! il tr'j, J".-;J] *B %*H band polished and very prettily inlaid; fancy- £f • ~
.nefces. and extends 6 feet: sides hand- r« 3H ( fe? -2 FM shaped arms. A GREAT BARGAIN. v
S ?°? i^;J e . e \!:^» t %i K , r ':Z2l H S jfcL- W *»-25 ROCKER-Hich. carved back, brace
v~J?>A-) <>^*<}£5&>V^*} rv SS WCU aS "" a ~' ental - pteceU in all. here this week
ftmnCTTmf 1 imiS'imZ^ "^TTTTT- i V>£>-^\ 9SJS5 CHAIR-Beljian *ak. saddle seat, only for
'-s-O-wD Ix^l Ao^ti'^Jr^"^ ¦• fe*£M S^SXfi' hand carved, only kind ever shown; our own Th!si „ a boaa flde cut ot $10 under the reg-
$m$ ."^S^O 9?fc&£&^lz3$5? W?JX4 Xlr^i Bi> " utar; price.
1 {[&¦& r-fSgg^a /B^iQTC^Ol t'-'-'-^w- \f-£k Rich, full-s^-ell front, cherry
"iL^-? <^>V^> 2 \i<^T^ ' j^-iXM" ' *£ ' i [r^^^^f IL^^I _._„.,. i-|ir.MITIIDC ASP MAHOGANY FINISHED CHAMBER
l^ddL V£g5^Vit "^l"! * RU^W»g1a fej^tt? RATTAlV hURNITURE. SUITS. 7 pieces complete, with Swlnping-
fe— i— "-^> b K-^=^=^ -"^ -^'ZZ+ ff^'TrrT'.^ti [i**^-^?-! Shaped French Bevel Mirror COO Cfk
K^J-Lii. 1 i: fl V k I fj <|lj \;&~Z*^* r ' S^Si-W RATTAN CHAIRS, samples of the "tt'akefleld in Bureau, for this week only CJJ O O • O V/
ty\ —^ — * * V. fi I • •' IH \J^ : * n '~~~~ :^s$S' y^JJ~*J-^5 Rattan Co.. all diffor<?nt styles, worth from JT This o?Ter cannot be matched anywhere else
jj O V )f GtiT Own '^ =r^' w "''i ~^ ' 'J * t' to * J0 * wi!1 e °'' osed out tor ?—•"«». ?5.5O, under K0.
1 '*g V " 'S » ti A -\f 3»!.TS and ?!)..'<». 50 GO LDEN OAK FINISHED BEDROOM
O n 1 ft n ¦""•«¦¦ a11 tnr * PARLOR SOT CF .' PIECES. Seats BROAD and ccn- worth $ ' M - U1 fce £o!d for ?>{ - u ' riiXVh mra « handles. C|g
\ S •< ll||f--nable with PLENTY of fprinjrs w<rll secured, covered with non-soil- RATTAN SETTEE:.-, worth J12 to $C3. to be P laln « n i sl1 . from t0 v " <l#v
VjUwl W " tle Velvet velours. Mahoeany fir.i.«!i hard polish on HARD birch tby lt« sold for S1O. !«.s,3il, anil #."i.7."». Come and see them.
lt%oi^^ t^n%.^'^iu l r'^ l fni! K bUt WEARS W - LL " Just TOR OUT-OF-TOWN POLKS— OUR NEW CATALOGUE— FREE.
REMNANTS OF BLACK FIGURED ALPACAS.
A splendid material for separate skirt3. very lustrous finish, fast black,
color warranted. The newest styles in small neat figured effects. 4J inches
wide, regular 60c quality.
For the remnants 25c per yard*
REMNANTS OF OXFORD HOMESPUNS.
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
Light and dark sray3. navy, browns an-.l black, lertcth* 2 to 6 yards. ZA
inches wide, very suitable for Etcn suits, short walking skirts, etc. Regu-
lar $1 kind.
For the remnants 49c yard*
MARKET STEEET STORE ONLY.
REKNANTS OF FANCY MIXED CHEVIOTS;
A r.ice all-wool material, 26 inches wide, mottled and checked effects,
regular 25c yard.
For the remnants J5c yard*
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
REMNANTS OF COLORED CASHMERES.
Nice shades of pink, sky blue, cream, red. Karnet. etc. — very deslrabl? for
party dresses tea gowns, evenir.tr waists, etc. — 3(3 in. '.vide: worth iJc yard.
For the remnants 23c yard*
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
REMNANTS OF SILK PLUSHES.
24 inches wide, in shades of old rose. rink, light blue, lavender and leg-
For the remnants 50c yard*
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
REMNANTS OF FANCY SILKS.
In checks, stripes and changeable effects, -worth 73c to 51-
For the remnants 45c yard,
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
remnant; of pique,
Good quality, in neat striped, dotted and floral effects. J2 inches wide, res-
ular 13c quality. V
For the remnants 9c yard*
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
REMNANTS CF REVERSIBLE COVERT CLOTH.
Nice shades of tan, blue gray, also serge and checked effects. rejru!ar 13c
For the remnants JOc yard*
MARKET STREET STORE ONXY.
EMNANTS OF TABLE DAMASK.
And odd lots of fine huck towels at half-prices.
MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
As all tha above are in ramnants we caanoi fill anj ordsn far sanple:, as tlev
woild le sold out bsfora rators of iaai9.
REMNANT" SALE.
Second week of our annual clearing-out sale of remnant3. Some
very choice bargains for this week that we were unable to show
you last week on account of the crush at our remnant tables
Weekly Call, $1 bop Year
OUR GOLD DREDdlNQ PUMPS
t/DArU- Wet * successful at Norn* last
nflUvJll year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson «:.. S. F.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
818-820 Market Street, San Francisco-
Mail Orders Filled.
WILL & FINCK COMPANY
¦ SH-in. Sauce Pan, leng rffrfflffil BffCTr^'? f
E handle 30o 13c .fogfff -^^flSP^
I 7U-in. t-auce Pan. Ion?
g handle 2:3 l.-Jc .^fis393®3SUP5l»S¥
H CVlri. Sauce Pan, long >B5Hiffig>glg : ¦ ¦:, .' <'p
S handle !0c lOo JsSweOL^*- rrs^-J^Ai
U 8-qt. Dish Pan 45c 3Oc jllj!|Mal|rf omKBOm
S 10-fjt. r>lsh Pan 50c -toe &££i<£i?~'~ i tsZ.'ii'*{i?- v'^jf
B 14-qt. Dish Pan 60c 45e KaBEcBifi99w5-" >f !W*
B soap iMsi-.es i3c o>c B3SBKHEfcft.Cv.s3 aPrcv
S 4-plnt Cup lOo «>7c ESU^? 1 -'^*?lh&SG3
i 10-ln. Fry Tan 3V: 20c B>'^BSK"« i< I
0 9-in. Fry Pan SOo SOa H£^»--v~ ""^/^"^r^^T*
M SH-'n. Fry Pan 25c 15c r*SLV5 ? V-T v '*— '''Jr^J^q
3 I>eep PuiMlnpr Pan, l-<jt- 15c »);>c ¦hAjIi} v'l**'^'-^^ i ~J»'«iC3
g Deep Pudding Pan, lH-<lt 13c lOo &fyt*£^'Hpy-£t-x''il
1 Deep Pudding Pan. !-qt We 2 for 2,*»o fe*l^*v\*^"MU*ft|
¦ Deep I'uddins Pan. 3-qt. Z'-c \7>c jffjyjmw^^V&wSff^. ' 1
* I>e«-i> Puddin? Pan. 4-qt- 3-Jc IH»o fi^HHB''"? ; * V ifJ^jQ
3 Dairy Pan. 3-qt 23c ISO F^^^r^^'-V*r???-?V 3 1
i I>a!ry Pan, 4-qt 25c l.'.c JSfcjjffitf&MrajffjjBJB
a l'alry Pan, 5-ut l.'.c mwm |Wffli>iiagfBB«e^38
I Pie Plates. 9-in 2 for Uo «.7o Sri SjWyE£f3C3»?l
a Pie Plates. 10- in I for I3o use
S Teapot. 1H-Q.t *0o 2.%o . Bt^£S» '*• * Si ~%Z. i^' TrJBt
H Tea Kettle, 6-<jt 7">o 4"»o BBSfe'S&ffi£?&£Wf&£~*r<-'- 3
I Tea Kettle. 7-qt 8«c 55o K^^g^*S^5f4wJk\^jja
I Long-handle Sauce Pot. E^^?*W^- ySirflB
a ?-qt 33c SOo R5^^Tfri^iV i *«i f .«*^»»> : 33
M Long- handle Sauce Pot. I'^yi^t^'S^f^^'^/dSSS
ft 3-qt 50o 23o Ir; •¦i^^F-v'tiii^'^Cr' s^jfOB
U Lnr.?-har>dl- Sauc* Pot. f?*rW r '^ ? ' :^S l oi :^BlMH
M 4-qt 50c SOo H&% SnTCjjSgSa
a Long-handle Sauce Pet, fS-^V^rt^iiiSs 4i ; ?^v^'Hi
y <;-qt eoc 35c tSoWBaHL-SrBaigrgF-.^f > .^*i
S Straight side-handle Pot. tSfePS^flii*-''^*?* r^C2f-jJPl
a 4-at 43c -5c tgSsSBn^J^i^TfS'^k^
¦ Straight siJe-hand'.ePct. I IraifHBBaRrWv S"f -sltf '¦>%^
m 6-qt '. 60e 30c |s^?SS3^^S^i''^W-ni'^a
B Straight side-handle Pot, l'"Ssi«E^J»^fe''£S''iF'!i e^S'»^tfiSS
H 8-qt S5o 4Oe BBr^gJ^3^#'SvHS I^Sig^l'j^i
I This .Sale at These Prices
\^ One Week Only!
'"",--¦.- ' TRADE MAniC "**""*'
ADVERTISEMENTS.Assets and Liabilities July 1, 19OO,
Olaa Sugar Company, Limited.
ASSETS. x
Real Estate —
Sugar land in fee. leasehold and optlom.$2.500.000
All improvements to July 1st. Includ
ing $3)3,0€O on account mill 1...11.912
S.811,912
LIABILITIES,
f fully paid up
stock $2,146,580
123,000 j fully . paid up
shares 1 stock due for
I land held under
I option S53.420 $2.500, *K>
62,500 shares assessable stock.
$1,250,000. 65 i«r cent paid... S12.500
Cash advances 335.41!
Payments due July 1st 104.000 439.412
$3,811,312
E. & O. E.
B. F. DILLINGHAM.
Estimated Capital, Receipts and Ex
penditures.
i?oo.
July 1. Receipts from gale 125.C00 »hares
paid up stock $2.SM>.<V«>
Receipts from assessable stock 812,500
Amount to be collected on assessable
stock 437,o00
Proposed amount to be collected from,
sale of bonds 1,250,000
$5,000,000
Expenditure for Capital Account.
For land llWO.eOS
For Improvements to July L laOO 1.311,312
Fbr other improvements and growing
crops, clearing land, etc., to Jan. 1,
1902. estimated—
July 1 to Jan. 1, 13C1 335.500
Jan. 1 to July 1. 1901 3*.5.o00
July 1 to Jan. 1. 19C2 3SS.500
1.136. 500
Estimated balance cash on hand Jan.
1, 1902 51.C0O
$5,000,000
"If the Olaa Sugar Company Issue?, as
you propose, $1,230,000 of bonds and trrey
should all be taken 117 and returned
January 1. 1902, in exchange for stock of
a corresponding amount at par (to be
held in «the treasury in the meantime),
this, as I understand It, would cancel
the entire bond issue, and the total capi- j
tal stock of the company outstanding 1
would represent $3,000 .000. Upon that I
status what would the probable earn
ings of the company be for the years j
1902, 1903 and 1904, according to the pres
ent estimate of the management of that
concern." .
ESTIMATE OF SUGAR TO BE PRO
DUCED AT OLAA PLANTATION.
"For the years 1902. 1903 and 1904. as fol
lows:
ESTIMATE FOR 1302.
Crop, 4500 acres (tons) 25,000
This crop with sugar JIQ s*r ton
below present price would pay a. net
profit of S JSO^OOO
Say 15 per cent upon the entire capi
tal of J5.0OO.00OO.
ESTIMATED CHOP FOR 1303.
Crop, £000 acres, plant cane (tons) 34,000
At $20 per ton below present price
of sugar would pay net $1,020,000
Over "0 per cent.
ESTIMATED CROP FOR 1904.
Crop, S00O acres, say (tons) 45,000
At $:0 per ton below present price
would pay over 27 per cent.
At the present price of sugar th« net profits
vrnul.l be as follows:
1302 $1,123. CO)
1903 1.630.000
1904 \\\"^\\\\\".\".".\".".\"IIIIIIII"]II!r.!!I!I sioss^ooo
Total for three years $4,630,000
Say f3 per cent upon the total capital, or
an average of Si per cent p*r annum.
. ESTIMATED CROP FOR 1S35.
When the plantation should be fully de
veloped :
Crop, say 19,000 acres, the averse
yield will probably be fully 6 tons
per acre; to be conservative, say 5
tonB (tons) £0,000
At $20 per ton below present' price
of sugar will net $30 per ton (or,
say 20 per cent on total capital) — $1,300,000
"With sugar at the present price the
net profit would be 2,500,000
Or SO per cent upon the total capital.
"Is It not qu!te possible, Mr. Dilllng
ham, that this wonderful showing of yours
will, if published, be criticized by sugar
men here and at the Islands?"
"More than likely, but as I believe that
'truth crushed to earth shall rise again.'
I am not afraid to stand by any state
ments I have made. History would not be
repeating itself In this case if severe criti
cism did not follow. While I have no de
sire to bocm sugar stocks, they are good
enough to stand upon their own merits. I
see no harm in stating the truth in this
connection. It is my good fortune to have
been instrumental in starting successfully
seven of the best sugar producing proper
ties In Hawaii. Some of them have and
all will return a net profit upon their
original capital varying from 25 per cent
to 100 per cent per annum, yet none of
these good properties have escaped the
venom of the human tongue.
"In 1892, when Ewa Plantation was in its
Infancy, it was dubbed a failure. Knowing
ones said the water was too salt and
the land was sour. Men high in authority
on sugar said It could never be made to
pay. The agents. Messrs. Castle & Cooke.
were strongly advised to abandon that en
terprise when it owed them over $400,000
upon the generally accepted theory that
the first is the smallest loss. At that time
the total capital stock of Ewa was JoOO.OCO
and the stock was offered at $70 a share,
or ?350,000 for the plantation. One of the
wealthiest sugar men in the Islands, who
had quite a large holding in Ewa at that
time, told me he wished he had never seen
that plantation. Nevertheless Ewa Planta
tion has since that date paid for itself
more than five times. The net profit of
that plantation will exceed $1,000,000 this
year. Oahu Plantation, started in 1SD7,
was also denounced by many 'wiseacres,'
but it promised to bfl very nearly If not
quite equal to Ewa when fully developed.
It turned off about twelve tons of sugar
per acre this year, and its stock la held at
nearly $200 per share, or double its par
value. Such an enormous yield of sugar
causes the expense of pumping water for
irrigation to sink into comparative insig
nificance. Kahuku, "YVaialua. Kihei,
McBride and Olaa all in their
turn have been severely criticized
and even condemned In various
ways. But It Is very safe to say without
fear dfTontradiction from future results
that no better or safer investments for
capital can be fcund in the world to-day
than the stock in any of the enterprises I
have named.
"And it is also safe to say that It Is ex
ceedingly doubtful if the stocks in any of
these comparatively new plantations "will
ever be lower than they are now. In
three or four years from now there la
good reason to believe that the capital
stock of all the plantations started since
1SS6 will be worth in the markets of the
world from two to four times their par
value. The real merit of the sugar indus
try in I la-wail has in the past been little
understood outside of the narrow limits
of that country. Some very erroneous
ideas have been entertained as to the pos-
Flble developments of sugar In Hawaii It
was believed by -many that the require
ments of the whole of thia country for
sugar could be produced In those Islands
Our present output is equal to about one
eighth of the sugar consumed in the
TJnited States, and it Is exceedingly doubt
ful if we ever produce more than 750 000
tons, at which time the consumption in
s!ooo.OOO U ton r «[ WiU probably have cached
" *"Tl\fi*i bm r " centlv Passed by Confess
prohibiting any corporation in the Terri
tory of Hawaii from owning or controll'ne
mO^v.^ an 100 5 ae w e * of land Practically
prohibits any further development of the
sugar industry In those islands by the in
corporation of new companies. Sujrar cm
porationsconducted upon such a small
scale could hardly M made to pav Hence
the increase of production must In future
come almost wholly from the further de
velopment of the plantations started <ince
m^tL h n e od n " meS ° f Whlch * "ave already
the ofnee Ofttlessm Chickling. Thomas
& Gregory. Mutual Life building. 222 San
some street. °
Knights of Honor.
A meeting: of the past dictators and the :
sitting dictators of the local lodges has
been called for Saturday, the 21st inst..
for the purpose of considering the; invita
tion to take part In the celebration of
Admission day next September.
Yerba Buena Lodge had a fine Installa
nm n rJiV^ U A V last Mon <Jay night after the
SS thf ad been ob »eated and Instructed
w T? e w Urren i term - during the evening :
w«« T"rI2° W . a^ d> the retlrl "S Past dictator,
SSiltKn SJ^f fln ~ KOld wa tch rec
w?~I *, i bis efforts on behalf of the <
?,& » UT H? ? hls ' term ' *» dictator and '
&h n if Pa . S k dlc , ta i or - The Presentation on
isSle ge was by Wllllan > :
rfwl» the n!Bh S of th0 5th lnst - tne srand !
dictator, grand reporter and others visited
S«f£f n , C Ji y .Lodsre of Alameda and as- -
sisted In the Initiation of two candidates.
The supreme dictator has Issued a cir
cular announcing what. was done at the
recent session of the Supreme Lodge. In
that he announces that he has appointed '
Supreme Representative Charles P. Curry. J
Secretary of State of California, a mem- \
grievance* 6 commlUeo on a PP<*fc and 3
Hre!
Many things must be considered in ar
riving at the value of a plantation be
sides the area of the cane lands, But the
capitalization per acre of cane land Is, in
the rough, a fair comparison of relative
values between similarly situated plan
tations.
It will be seen' from the foregoing table
that of the 20 representative plantations
enumerated, with one exception. Olaa
stock Is now offered at a lower price per
acre of cane land than any other named.
With its enormous area of cane land—
1500 acres more than even the Ha
waiian Commercial, heretofere the largest
in the country— it is as certain as any fin
ancial probability can be. that Olaa stock
will eventually go to a high premium.
"I notice Ewa plantation is valued at
$5,000,000 with 5500 acres of land, which
makes the land under full development
with all improvements appear to be worth
$1450 per acre. Is that land held by the
company in fee?"
"No; it holds a forty-year lease from
the Oahu Railway Company, bearing an
annual rental of 4 per cent on all the
sugar raised, which will amount this year
to about $S4,000. The net profit of Ewa
plantation this year will be over $1,000,000,
which is equal to the original cost of the
whole plantation to the original investors;
such a result may suggest the wisdom of
getting in on the 'ground floor' and assist
in the development of a good sound sugar
producing enterprise. I don't wish to be
understood, however, as representing that
other new plantations or possibly any
other plantation will produce as much
sugar per acre as 'Ewa,' but the best new
plantations, with very much larger area
of land, having an abundance of water,
free from the expense of artificial irriga
tion, may be able to produce sugar at as
low a cost per ton and thereby prove to
be equally profitable to their stockhold
ers."
"Mr. Diningham, there Is an impression
over here that the islanders have mon
opolized about everything in that country
that is worth having and that they don't
really want to see outside Investors come
in. Is there, in your opinion, good grounds
for such an impression?"
'If such an impression does exist,
which I am unwilling to believe, nothing
could be farther from the truth. There
has never, in my humble opinion, been a
time in the history of the Hawaiian Isl
ands when there were better opportuni
ties for safe and profitable investment
than the present. The people at the Isl
ands are not only willing, but desirous
to have capital flow in from the outside
world. If people want good steady 6 to
12 p\sr cent Investments, there are plenty
of good dividend-paying plantations that
will pay such dividends regularly. The
percentage of returns will, of course,
vary with the rise and fall of sugar in
the world's market. If people prefer to
buy stocks, in an old established dividend
paying plantation they must expect to
pay the market price for such stock, re
gardless of the original cost, whether it
be at a margin of two for one or ten
for one. If investors want to get in on
the 'ground floor' they must buy into the
new plantation and take their chance
with the island people. Yes, it is true that
the islands have become a very prosper
ous sugar-producing country. In point
of scientific methodf, high-class machin
ery and economy of management, Ha
waii leads the world to-day in the pro
duction of cane sugar and will, I believe,
never see the day when she cannot hold
her own with any present or prospective
competitor. Hawaii as an agricultural
country of the highest class has gained
her position through years of hard strug
gle, financially and otherwise. The pro
duction of sugar in that country was for
many years conducted in almost crude
\and experimental way.
"To bring the sugar Industry to the
safe, conservative?, dividend-paying basis
it has reached to-day has cost many
hard-earned fortunes and experimental
losses that were hard to bear. It Is only
just and fair to the honest, industrious
people of those islands to say they are
certainly entitled to all the wealth which
the fertile soil of that country can possi
bly give."
"Speaking of new plantations. Mr. Dil
lingham, what plantations can you rec
ommend for investment with a view of
buying stock that will in your judgment
increase in value 100, 200 or 300 per cent
upon their original capitalization?"
"If sugar should decline $20 per ton
below the present price, I feel confident
that the following named new planta
tions, under their usual good manage
ment, will be able to pay 5 per cent upon
three or four times their original capi
tal stock, viz.: Honolulu Sugar Com
pany, Iitd.; Oahu Sugar Company, Ltd.;
Waialua Agricultural Company. Ltd.;
Kihei. Sugar Company, Ltd.; McBride
Sugar Company, Ltd.; Puna Sugar Com
pany, Ltd.; Olaa Sugar Company, Ltd."
"Had you anything to do with the for
mation of these companies other than
Olaa?"
"I was the promoter of all but one."
"Who are the officers of Olaa Sugar
Company?"
"The officers for 1900 are:
i2 A. THURSTON President
H. P. BALDAVIN Vice President
J. B. CASTLE Treasurer
ELMER E. PAXTON Auditor
"Will you pleas^ state briefly, Mr. Dil
lingham, what work has been done on
Olaa plantation since it was started, and
also give an outline of the financial status
of the company as it was, say July 1,
and as it would be if your bond, proposi
tion is carried out as you propose?"
"The property of this company Is situ r
ated in the District of Olaa, Island of
Hawaii. The land is an oblong strip
about four miles wide and fifteen miles
long. Its northeastern extremity, where
the mill Is in course of construction, is
about nine miles from Hilo, the principal
seaport, and lies at an elevation of about
200 feet above sea level, rising gently to
an elevation of 2000 feet In fifteen milea.
"The company was organized and in
corporated under the laws of the republic
of Hawaii in 1899.
"Manager F. B. McStocker assumed the
duties of manager and commenced work
at the plantation July 1, 1899. It is doubt
ful if any plantation ever started in that
country could at the end of twelve months
show better or even as good results ftr
the time employed and money expended.
A careful perusal of the manager's re
port for the first six months ending De
cember 31, 18S9, shows the enormous
amount of work performed to that date
and a detailed account of the money ex
pended. The work during the following
six months, to July 1, 1900, gives assur
ance that the management may reason
ably expect the maiden crop of this com
pany will fully equal their most sanguine
expectations; for 4500 acres of well ma
tured cane. At that date the company
had cleared of grass, brush, trees, sur
face stone ready for
Plowlns 5.500 acres
Plowed and harrowed once 4.500 acres
do twice 3.000 acres
Planted In cane 1,500 acres
"The work of clearing and preparing
the land for a crop of 5000 to 6000 acres
to be planted for the second crop for 1903
Is also progressing.
"Buildings to accommodate twelve hun
dred laborers and stables for four hun
dred mules have been erected. Black
smith, carpenter and repair shops have
been completed and fully equipped. Fences
built enclosing nine thousand acres for
the production of the ilrst two crops;
reservoirs constructed with capacity for
9,500,000 gallons of water; flowing water
developed supplying 16,000.000 to 20,000,u0*J
gallons per twenty-four hours.
Financial.
Thla company has purchased for $2,500,000
Land in fee U.372 acres
Land under lease 40 yrs. 4,5t)0 acres
Land controlled under
40 yrs.' option say 5,000 acres
- : : 23,372 acres
Total Issneof stock $3,000,000
Received from salfs fully ralrt
up stock, as per page 4.
Annual Report ...{2.146,589
To tf» received on delivery In
exchange for deeds of land. S33.420
Received 65 per cent on $1,
250.COO assessable stock 312,500
Balance assessments to be
called 33 per cent on $l,C50,
000 437,500
Stock In treasury.. 1.250,000
Hearing that B. F. Dillir.gham of Hono
<ulu was Etaylcs at the Occidental Ho
tel, si Chronicle reporter called upon him
and made an appointment for an extended
interview, with the following result:
"Knowing, Mr. Dniingham, that you
have been a. successful promoter of a
large number of the best sugar producing
estates in Hawaii, the Chronicle is desir
ous cf laying before its readers and the
investing public as much reliable informa
tion as possible. Is it true that you are
ubout to bring out an investment to be
effered in ihis city?' 1
"Yes, an opportunity is now given to the
Investing; public of San Francisco to get
in on the "STOund floor' in the largest and
one of the very best undertakings in the
production of tugar ever inaugurated in
the Territory of Hawaii."
"V>*ill you state, Mr. Dillingham, what
you have done upon the island of Oahu,
on which Honolulu, the capital, is situ
ated?"
"Since January 1. 1??<\ I have promoted
'a whole or in part the following enter
prises on Oahu, which were taken up al
most entirely by Hawaiian capital, name
ly: Oahu Railway and Land Company.
Ewa Plantation Company, Ltd., Kahuka
Sugar Company. Ltd., Oahu Sugar Com
pany, Ltd., Honolulu Sugar Company,
Ltd. ani Waialua Agricultural Company,
Ltd. The entire investment in these prop
erties, including the original cost, is about
S12.000.OOI). The market value to-day In
Honolulu and San Francisco of the bonds
and flocks of the above named corpora
tions is over SJfl.O90.O00.**
"It is reported, Mr. Dillingham, that you
ere building a railroad on the Island of
Hawaii, end are also interested in the
development of the new plantations there.
Will you kindly state in a general way
what has been done?"
"In 1898 1 associated myself with L. A.
TbUTStOO. A. W. Carter. M. P. Robinson
and others, who together organized the
Hilo Railroad Company.- and on the 2Mb
of March of that year were granted by tho
Government of the republic of Hawaii
a franchise for a term of fifty years for
the purpose « f constructing sfteam or elec
tric railroads on any part of the island
of Hawaii and for transacting any and
ell business Incidental or relating thereto.
"The Island of Hawaii has an area of
4000 square milos and lies in a southeaster- ;
ly direction from Honolulu, about 500 |
rhilf-s distant. Hilo, the principal port of 1
entry on that island, has a large harbor
ond "is an ambitious rival of the city of
Honolulu.
Hilo Kailroad Company.
"The promoters of the Hilo Railroad
Company acquired the control by pur
chase and under long leases of about 35.000
acres of the finest sugar land on the isl
and of Hawaii. These lands are situated
in the districts of Olaa and Puna, in a
southeasterly direction from Hilo.
"Two sugar plantations have been orga- |
nized and incorporated under the laws of
the republic of Hawaii, taking over those
valuable lands under the names of Olaa
Sugar Company. Limited, and Puna Sugar
Company. Limited. The mill site for the
IirFt named plantation is nine miles and
the latter twenty-seven miles from the
water front of Hilo harbor.
"A standard gauge road (four feet eight
and a half inches), with sixty-pound steel
rails h.-ts been constructed and equipped
with Baldwin locomotives and cars manu
factured at thp shops of the Hilo Railroad
Company. Regular trains carrying freight
and passengers have been running to the
Olaa plantation s-ince the 1st of June Con
struction work < n the road will be com
rifted to Puna plantation by the end of
the year, and regular trains will be run-
DlXtZ to that poir.t January 1, 1301.
Olaa Sugar Company, Limited.
"Tr"> Olaa Sugar Company, capitalized
at $5.000.i)(/>. divided Into 2jO,000 shares of
b. par value of £M each, was the first sugar
plantation starttd on the line of the Hilo
Railroad. This plantation controls the
largest area ot «ugar land of any corpora
tion in the Territory of Hawaii, viz.:
Z. •. .~ in f*e. acres 14.372 |
Lands ur'er !eaf=<? forty years, acr^s 4,500 |
Lands controlled under option for forty
years, estimated, acres 6,000
Total arr»s 23,872
"Of this large area there are over 20,-
OO'j acres of superior sugar land. ,
Water Supply.
"No artiticial irrigation will be required
for this plantation. The average rainfall
exceeds 109 inches. In no other section of
the country is the rainfall more evenly
distributed. There is no record of a
drought in Olaa sufficient to affect vege
tation. Independent of the local rainfall
the company has recently discovered sub- j
terrancan streams lying near the surface
cf the ground at an elevation varying
from 3650 to 2C«iO feet above sea level,
which, at small expense in tunneling, have
been brought out upon the surface and are
under the control of the company. There
are now five streams developed, flowing
by actual measurement 16,000,000 gallons
a. day of twenty-four hours. The cheapest
means known for the transportation of
cane from field to mill is by water run In
a V-shaped flume, but this method is used
by a small percentage of all the planta
tions In the country, for the reason that
water for that purpose Is not available.
The water already developed (which, if
desired, can be enormously increased) is
ample to supply ail requirements for mill
ing purposes and to convey to the mill in
flumes enough cane to manufacture 400
tons of sugar per day. Should water ever
b« needed for irrigation on Olaa this and
the undeveloped sources can be made to
eupply every possible need.
Olaa Within a Natural Rain Belt.
"North and west of Olaa are the snow
capped mountains of Mauna Kea and
Manna Loa respectively. The clouds from
over the ocean, carried by prevailing
¦winds between those lofty mountains,
¦whose summit peaks rise nearly 14,000 feet
above the sea level, meet in their passage
there the cold condensing temperature
and they are speedily brought to earth in
torrents of rain. This natural condition
may furnish a satisfactory explanation
lor the fact that the district of Olaa was
y:ever known to suffer from drouzht."
"Is it not possible, Mr. Dillingham, that
there is too much rainfall In Olaa for
cane?"
"No; I th!nk not. and my views upon
this point are fully sustained by ail the
best authorities. The strongest reply I
can make to this question Is to furnish
Vou with a copy of Mr. Thurston'a letter
to Messrs. Moir and Walton, and their re
ply, which may also be found printed in
full In the prospectus of the Olaa Sugar
Company, Limited, copies of which, to
pether with the lirst annual report, can
o« had at the law office of Messrs. Chick
ering, Thomas & Gregory, Mutual Life
building. 222 Sansoine street. San Fran
cisco."
REQUEST TO J. T. MOIR, MANAGER
ONOMEA SUGAR CO.. AND C. M
WALTON. MANAGER HAWAIIAN
AGRICULTURAL CO.. TO REPORT
ON OLAA AND KEAAU.
The following letter was addressed to
bcth Mr. Moir and Mr. Walton:
"HILO. Hawaii. March 22. lS39.-Options
to purchase about 10.000 acres of land sit
uate between the thirteenth and twenty-
Ft-cond mile posts in the Oiaa district are
now held by several gentlemen, with a
view to converting the same into a sugar
plantation. They also have in contempla
tion several thousand acres in Keaau. Be- |
fore going further they desire to secure
competent expert opinion as to the adapt
ability of this land to Fugar cane cultiva
tion. On their behalf I respectfully re
quest you to personally Inspect Raid lands
and report thereon, givlng.your opinion
upon, the following point* in so far as
they relate to sugar cane cultivation,
vir.: Boil— Its depth, character, condi
tion, fertility. Also please state your ¦
opinion as to how It compares with the
Roil of other sugar-growing districts on
the Island of Hawaii. Climate—Tempera
ture, rainfall, wind. How does It compare
•with the climate cf other Hawaiian sugar :
plantations at a similar elevation? Cane— 1
- Please examine the specimens now grow
- ing on these lands and give your opinion
j as to their condition, how they compare
j with cane grown on other plantations on
Hawaii, and what, in your opinion, their
appearance Indicates as to whether or not
i these lands are suitable for cane culture.
i In general, please state whether or not
r in your opinion a sugar plantation can be
profitably established and conducted on
these lands. 1 remain, yours very truly,
; "LOR1N A. THURSTON.?
J REPORT OF" C. M. WALTON, MAN
> AGKR HAWAIIAN AGRICULTK
RAL COMPANY'S PLANTATION,
, ON OLAA LANDS.
', Mr. "Walton is a Massachusetts man. He
| has' been fourteen yea/s in the country,
1 during twelve of which he has been in the
! sugar business. For (six years he was over
i I seer of Onomsa plantation. From there
he became manager of the Waihee pian
. tation for two years. Upon its amalga
' mation with the Wailuku he became inan
¦ ; ager of Pahala plantation in Kau four
• | years ago. He has made Pahala one of
I the best paying properties in the country,
[ : and is one of the keenest, brainiest mrli
. j in the Hawaiian sugar business. His
opinion is one that can be banked on.
PAHALA. KAU, Hawaii. March 2S,
' 1 1KW— L. A. Thurston and Associates— Dear
i Sirs: Your favor of March L'2 duly re
. ceived. By your request 1 have visited
I and personally Inspected a large tract of
i land in OlAa, between the thirteenth and
I twenty-second mile posts, intended to be
i used by you for a i-ugar plantation.
Character of Soil.
| The soil is a deep, mellow loam, Jnto
which a stick may easily be pushed by
hand to a. depth of several feet.
The greater part Of me tract is entirely
) free from stones or rocks: the remainder
i being slightly mixed with loose a-a, which
i is In no way detrimental to the growth
j of cane— rather benelicial than otherwise.
That the soil is wonderfully fertile is
I proved by the dense growth of vegetation
now on the land and ny the rapidity with
which a piece of land will again cover
Itself with vegetation after being cleared.
In fact: for fertility I do Dot think the
equal of this land can be fount! on Hawaii.
Absence of Gulches and Stones.
Owing to the absence of gulches and
hills in the contour of the lands and of
rocks and the stones in the soil, the plan
tation can be very easily laid out and
worked.
Roads.
There are several macadamized roads at
j present crossing the lands, making the
j fieWs easy of access. The Volcano road
j also runs directly through them.
Climate.
The temperature seems to be consider
ably higher than in the Kau district at.the
same elevation, and there is an absence
of cold night winds.
The rainfall is great, ranging from 150
to ISO inches per year; but owing to the
a-a subsoil the water quickly disappears.
In fact, a few minutes after a heavy rain
there is very little water to be seen.
i Growth of Cane.
I have examined cane in several locali
ties on these lands. At an" elevation of
2000 feet we were shown cane which at an
age of ten months from planting could be
trashed to a height of over four feet by
actual measurement.
Although in the winter season, seed
planted two months ago is now up to a
height of seven to ten inches and looks
healthy and strong.
The canes se*>n were of the rose bamboo
and yellow Caledonia varieties. These
varieties have been grown in Kau for
years at an elevation of 2150 feet, yielding
at times five tons and over of sugar per
acre. During the last twenty months we
have planted to a height of 2550 feet and
have the promise of a good crop.
Water Supply.
In several places we found small
streams of water c,oming from the ground,
and believe that water can be found in
sufficient quantities to be of great assist
ance in transporting the cane to the mill
and for use in the mill and boiling house.
Estimated Yield.
In my opinion these lands should pro
duce a yield of from five to seven tons of
I sugar per acre, which should be kept up
for a long time, owing :o the great deptn
and fertility of the soil. Yours very truly,
C. M. WALTON.
Manager Hawaiian Agricultural Co.
REPORT OF JOHN MOIR. MANAGER
ONOMEA SUGAR COMPANY, ON
OLAA LANDS.
Mr. Moir is a Scotchman. He has been
eleven years In the country, all of which
has been spent on sugar plantations in
the HIlc district. He was successively an
'¦ overseer on the Waiakea and Ililo plan
: tations. and in 1890 became head overseer
at Onomea, which position he held until
1826. when he became manager of the
Honomu plantation. When Mr. Goodale '¦
was appointed manager of Waialua last
fall Mr. Moir succeeded him as manager
of Onomea, the largest plantation in Ililo. :
Mr. Moir is one of the leading minds in
the executive control of the sugar bus
iness. No man in the country is more
competent to express a practical opinion j
concerning any detail of the sugar bus
' n pAPAIKOU, Hilo, Hawaii, March 2S,
lSy9.— Mr. L. A. Thurston and others—Gen
tlemen: Your favor of March 22 duly to
h-tnd. relative to sugar plantation in Oiaa. ;
At your request I have personally in
spected those lands pointed out to me as
the land? you and several other gentlemen
have options on in view of making a sugar
plantation.
Soil.
In all my experience (which extends
over eleven years in the district of Hilo)
I have never seen finer soil for raising
sugar. The depth of the soil is slmply
wonderful. It seems as though there was I
no end to it. You can take a stick two I
inches in diameter and push it down from
four to six feet without meeting any re
sistance. There are very few rocks to be
iound, and the few that are found are
loose a-a, which are rather preferable
than otherwise.
The condition of the soil is the finest
that could be wished for. being bo mellow
and oi-er. that although It rains quite
often and very heavily at times it does not
chew the least sign of being soggy and
wtt The soil being the a-'a formation the
rain disappears very rapidly, but the
land »s so mellow that it retains a large
percentage of moisture.
Fertility of Soil— Estimated Yield.
In my estimation these lands will pro
duce from five to six tons of sugar rigiit ¦
along without the least strain. I consider '
this a very conservative estimate, as I
have never seen richer soil anywhere on '
these islands.
Climate.
Climatic conditions in Olaa, in my opin- <
Ion, for raising sugar cane, could "not be i
improved upon. The rainfall in some dis- ;
iricts would be too much, but not so here, j
The land is so mellow and being of the !
a-a formation, the rain quickly disappears
from the surface, and there being very I
little wind the soil retains the moisture. *
The Olaa district compares very favor
ably with the Hilo district at the same
elevation. The land that I have examined
lies between the thirteenth mile on the
volcano read to the twenty-second mile
on the same road, and, in my opinion, is
all very suitable -for cane.'
Growing Cane. ,
At "Linders." at 3000 feet elevation,
there is cane to be seen measuring from
four to seven feet, grown in ten months,
and measuring over two inches in diam
eter. Practically the same may be seen i
at P. Peck's at 1900 feet elevation; the :
variety of can* spoken of and most fa
vored is Rose Bamboo, but Yellow Cale- i
donia comes in a good second. That :
growth of cane in the time mentioned ;
above is by far and away ahead of any- •
thing that has ever come under my ob- :
servat'on in all my experience. 1
The nge of the cane is vouched for by
Mr. Lmder. whom I am personally &c- J
quainted with. I have every reason to be- i
lieve that he tells the truth. 1
Finally, in my opinion, a sugar planta- 1
tlon can be established and conducted 1
very profitably on the 10,000 acres which i
you have options on, with a conservative |
estimate o£ an average yearly output of
Work Accomplished on the Various
Plantations and Proposed
Improvements.
NEW SUGAR INDUSTRIES
IN HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
lime, potash and phosphoric acid contents
are moderately good, while the nitrogen is
high.
i The soils of the middle altitudes are high
in lime, good in potash, moderate in phos
phoric acid and high in nitrogen.
The higher altitude soils are very high
In lime, high in potash, moderate In phos
phoric acid and high in nitrogen.
Considering the high contents of organic
matter in these soils, due to large rainfall,
It was expected that they would be very
sour. All the samples have an acid reac
tion, and the application of a small dose
of burnt lime v.lll be of immediate use.
The soils, however, are not sour soils (ex
cepting small wet holes where excess ot
organic matter has rotted), and this free
dom from sourness is due to the high con
tent of lime and to the excellent drainage.
In considering climatic conditions the
chief factor in the present case is tem
perature, since the rainfall Is. and appar
ently always will be, abundant. The
Mauna coffee plantation (Mr. Peck) fur
nishes the maximum and minimum read
ings for the years 1S9G-97-9S and part of
1M>9, at the elevation of 1SO0 to 200*3 feet.
The results are found as follows:
Average night temperature for three years.63.7
Average day temperature for three years. ..80.7
.Mean temperature for the three years 72.2
Annual mean temperature in Honolulu 74.0
Ihe lowest night temperature recorded
in the said Olaa locality during the three
years was 6 degrees above the lowest
temperature recorded in Honolulu. The
present special characteristic of the tem
perature in the uiaa district is Its uni
tormity. The removal of forest on a large
scale may result in decreasing the day
temperatures and slightly lowering the
night readings.
'Ihe relation of the soil to the varia
tions in the air temperature Is an impor
tant factor. During the night of May 15,
when these examinations were being
made, a thermometer was buried in the
soil to a depih of six inches. The pre
v.ous <1ay temperature was 78 degrees.
The night v.-as very cool, the air lalling
to 5S degrees, but. the thermometer in tho
soil at 7:40 did not fall below 63 degrees,
boils of a different nature would have
given up their heat to a greater degree to
the cool night air. It is thus indicated
that the uniformity of the air tempera
tures, with the moist heat of the days,
and the power of the soil to retain heat,
will be ample guarantee of the iitness of
the conditions for cane culture, which fit
ness is supported by the cane in different
localities now growing. Yet it will prob
ably be found that the cane at the high
est altitudes will require more time to ma
ture than at lower levels.
Considered as a whole, the proposition
of the Olaa Sugar Company, by reason of
its magnitude, is very impressive, and the
extent of the lands, with the nature of the
soils and the apparent fitness of the cli
mate, promise for the enterprise a great
future. WALTER MAXWELL.
"You have stated, Mr. Dillingham, that
the Olaa Sugar Company, Ltd., is capital
ized at $5,000,000 and that the company
owns in fee and control under lease and
otherwise over 20.000 acres of land. May
I ask what was paid for the land?"
"Fully paid up stock to the amount of
$2,500,000 at its par value."
"What about the other $2,500,000 of
capital stock?" \
"That represents the cash capital paid
and to be paid to the company for the
development of the land to a 40,000 or
50.000 ton capacity."
"How much has been called in thus
far?"
"Sixty-five per cent of $1,250,000— say
$512,500. or 32%. per cent of the whole
amount of assessable stock."
"During what period of time has this
amount been called in?" s
"About one year."
"How much money will be required dur
ing the next twelve months?"
"About $1,250,000. during which time the
mill, now being landed at Hilo. will be
set up and paid for at a cost of $550,000."
"I understand you have about $1,250,000
yet to call in besides the 35 per cent on
$1,250,000. say $437,500. due and payable at
the call of the company."
"That- Is correct."
"Is there any truth in the statement
that you are thinking of making an issue
of bonds on the Olaa Sugar Company,
Ltd.?"
"Yes, the stockholders have decided to
make an issue of 6 per cent first mort
gage 5-20-year gold coupon bonds, to be
secured by a deed of trust covering the
entire present an«l prospective property
of the company. The total issue of bonds
will not exceed $1,500,000, and probably not
more than $1,250,000."
"Do you expect to place all the bonds in
this market?"
"No. we expect to place a large amount
in Honolulu. Such Investments are in de
mand there tor trust funds, and will
doubtless meet with special favor now for
two reasons: First, the company will of
fer the bonds at par, giving the investors
the privilege of exchanging the bonds at
par for stock at par at any time on or be
fore January l, 1902. at which time the
maiden crop will begin to be harvested,
covering an area of 4500 acres, which at a
low yield of live and a half tons per acre,
or a fraction more, will give 25.000 tons.
With sugar at $20 per ton below the pres
ent price, there will be a profit of $750,000,
or 15 per cent upon the entire capital stock
of $5,000,000. The second reason why the
bonds will be sought after in Honolulu is
that the Hawaiian Government 6 per cent
bonds will soon be taken up by the Gov
ernment at Washington, and nearly $3,000,
000 of those bonds are held In Hawaii, and
the money, when paid, will seek another
home investment."
"Will the public of this city have an op
portunity to get in on the 'ground floor'
with the island people?"
"Yes, we intend to offer a portion of the
bonds to the public of this city, upon the
terms I have already named, and I am
free to say in this connection that no bet
ter or safer investment, in my opinion,
has ever been offered in any property in
the Territory of Hawaii."
"Was not the land tu-ned in to the com
pany at a rather high ligure. giving the
original promoters too much profit?"
"As I am one of the promoters. I am
possibly a little prejudiced, but I don't
think the promoters received more than
half as much as they were entitled to,
viewing the business from the usual pro
motion standpoint, considering that they,
the promoters, put up a very largo
amount in United States Bold coin for the
land acquired for the company, taking
stock for every dollar so invested, besides
subscribing to over 20 per cent of the as*
sessable stock, paying therefor the same
price per share as the buyer of one single
share. Those promoters, now large stock
holders, are now proposing to turn over
all the property of the plantation thus far
acquired as security for a mortgage upon
which to raise about one-third of the
amount they have advanced and allow
the purchasers of bonds to thus secure a
good G per cent investment and the privi
lege of exchanging such investment for
stock in the company when it will have
become dividend paying, and upon as fa
vorable terms as was granted to the'orig
inal stockholders whose investment will
have been held by them without earnings
for a period of nearly two years. I know
of no enterprises promoted elsewhere In
the world on such a basis."
"Then you don't feel quit* Fatisfled, Mr.
Dillingham, with your deal?"
"Certainly I do or I would not have
taken it up. I was simply replying to
your query about promotion profits, but
the best answer I can give any one as to
the value of land and the stock of Olaa
Sugar Company as an investment is to
refer you. to the comparative table show
ing the value of lands per acre In the
best paying plantations in the Territory
of Hawaii. This table was made up from
the Tax Assessor's books, and verified at
the offices of the agents In Honolulu, and
hence may be safely accepted as correct:
TABLE SHOWING AREA OF CANE
LAND. PKKSENT SEaiNG VAl.Hi-:
OF THE STOCK AND SELLING
PRICE PER ACRE OF CANE LANT)
OP REPRESENTATIVE PLANTA
TIONS, AS COMPARED WITH THE
PROPOSED CAPITALIZATION OF
OLAA.
In each case the price Includes not only
the land, but all mills, machinery, build
ings and other property.
In the case of Olaa the price quoted in
cludes the cash which will—
1. Buy the land in fee, except 3500 acres
of leasehold.
2. -Buy and install all necessary build
ings, machinery, tools, . animals, flumes
railroads, waterworks and appurtenances
3. Plant and mature the first crop, so
that a dividend should be payable from
the first crop.
from 15,000 to 20,000 tons of sugar after the
most of the land is under cultivation. I
remain, j r ours very respectfully,
JOHN T\ MOIH.
REPORT OF J. T. MOIR ON KEAAU
LANDS.
PAPAIKOU, Hilo, Hawaii, March 29,
1899.— To L. A. Thurston and others^ — Gen
tlemen: Your favor of March 22 duly re
ceived, relating to a sugar proposition in
Keaau. district of Puna, -island of Ha
waii, for which purpose you hold options
on several thousand acreg.
At your request I have personally ex
amined these lands as to their adaptabil
ity for sugar cane.
Soil — I examined the soil very thorough
ly and found it very rich." The a-a lands
are extremely rich, with a depth of soil
of from twelve inches to two or three feet,
exaetly similar in every respect to the
best Waiakea lands, than which there is
none better in the district. Pahoehoe (or
flat rock) crops out here and there on tho
surface on what is called the Pahoehoe
lands (or flat rock lands), but take It on
an average right through there is eight
to eighteen inches of very rich black soil
of the very best quality.
Climatic conditions are just right for
cane and rainfall plentiful, as shown by
Waiakea plantation close by. Most of the
land is covered with guava bushes and
heavy ferns, which indicates fertile soil.
The elevation of these lands runs from
100 to SOO feet. In my opinion these lands
would raise cane, and be a very profitable
investment. There is not the slightest
doubt in my mind that cane raised on
these lands will yield from five to six tons
of sugar per acre. I remain, most respect
fully yours, JOHN T. MOIR.
(A report on the Keaau land, similar in
character to the above, was received from
Mr. Walton, but it has been mislaid.)
ANALYSIS OF OLAA CANE, BY E.
HARTMANN, CHEMIST FOR THE
ONOMKA. PEPEEKEO AND OTHER
PLANTATIONS.
The following analysis is of elghteen
months-old Lahaina cane, grown without
care or cultivation in Olaa, at an eleva
tion of 1500 feet.
This analysis Is higher in sucrose (cane
sugar) ana purity than the analysis of
cane frown on any plantation in Hilo or
Hamakua.
ANALYSIS.
Total soluble solids IS. 61%
Sucrose 17.56%
Purity , j)4.4 %
Glucose ; .17%
liluoose ratio 1.0*
Acidity 35
I The juice extracted from this cane by a nine
roller mill would have approximately the fol
! lov.inK composition:
I Brix* 21.00,
Sucrose 19.95%
| Purity 95.0
I Glucose 23%
Ulucose ratio l.o
: E. HARTMANN.
j Papaikou, April 13. 1899.
OPINION OF DR. MAXWELL.
The above analysis has been submitted
to Dr. Maxwell and he authorizes the
promoters to quote him as saying that
"it indicates a cane of a very high qual
ity."
When the above letters were written
it was proposed to purchase 10,000 acres.
But the quality of soil and climatic con
ditions were so favorable that the area
was increased to, 20,000 acres.
Professor Walter Maxwell, who has for
a number of years been the director of
the Hawaiian Sugar Experiment Sta
tion and laboratories at Honolulu, and
who is one of the leading authorities of
the world upon the subject of sugar cane
and soil analysis in connection therewith,
after personal examination and analysis
of soils of this plantation, made the fol
lowing report:
REPORT OF DR. WALTER MAXWELL
ON SOILS OF OLAA PLANTATION
COMPANY— REPORT ON SOILS.
The lands embraced by the Olaa Plan
tation Company are found in two sep
arate and large sections, viz.: "Keaau"
and "Olaa."
A.— Keaau:— The lands of this eection,
due to the differences in the soils, have to
be considered- in two or three classes:
U) Keddish Soils Free from Stone.
These soils are located at an elevation of
200 feet and upwards. These lands em
brace about SOU acres, much of which is
covered with rich, heavy, growths of
fruava, ferns, etc., but few trees. As in
dicated, the soil3 are reddish in color;
of good depth and resting upon a deep
subsoil free from stone.
The chemical composition shown is as
follows:
Soluble Orcanlc Phosphoric
Matter. Matter. Lime. Potash. Acid. Nitrogen.
P«-r Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct.
SO. 70 2i.:0 P.1S5 0.231 0.371 0.672
These data will be considered in later
remarks.
CD "AA" Soils. The lands of this tract,
like those of the former tract, are fine
breadths of undulating ground, free from
ijuiehes, but in parts somewhat stoi^y.
A rich growth of vegetation covers al
most the whole of it. The soils are a veg
etable mold to a depth of from twelve to
twenty inches, and this rests upon an
open • < aa" subsoil of good depth and po
rousness. These lands and soil closely
resemble those of the Waiakea planta
tion. In small patches upon this tract of
"aa" soils, which comprises over 2000
acres, pahoehoe soils are found. These
patches, however, comprise only a few
acres or the tract.
The analyses of the respective soils are
as follows:
Soluble Organic Phosphoric
Matter. Matter. Lime. Potash. Acid. Nitrogen.
Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct Per Ct. Per Ct.
••AA" Soils—
7O.S7 0.6S5 0.E07 0.370 0.567
•'I J ahoehoe" —
74. <rh 21. 4 1 ) 0.53S 0.538 0.2S1 0.672
B.— Olaa Section— This section covers
such an extensive area that, at rirst view,
it appears impracticable to consider it as
a whole. The superficial survey of the
lands, with a very careful examination of
i the character and depth of the soil in the
several widely distributed localities,
showed, however, that practically only
one character ot soil was to be dealt with,
and this tact caused the examinations and
soil analysis to be based chlelly upon the
j fact of altitude.
(1) Lower Altitudes — This division was
represented in the examinations by the
lands surrounding the "Halfway House,"
the samples of soil being taken from the
tracts owned by Peter Lee and others, at
about 1000 to 11U0 feet.
These lands are composed of fine, level
breadths, covered with rich vegetation,
chiclly of undergrowth. The soils are
deep and porous and overlie very porous
subsoils. The analysis gives as follows:
Soluble Organic Phosphoric
Matter. Matter. Lime. Potash. Acid. Nitrogen.
Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct.
81. £9 29.41 0.271 0.272 0.2JS 0.724
(2) Middle Altitudes— The lands In
cluded within this division comprise the
I areas reaching from 1300 to 1800 feet, .with
I "Mountain View" (1500 feet) as the center.
Most of these lands are spread out In very
level breadths hundreds of acres in size.
Excepting very small patches, such as are
found about one mile up the so-called
"Xew Road" (1400 feet elevation) are areas
free from rock, but covered with a dense
ly rich growth of timber and underbrush.
The soils are very deep, and unusually
porous to a depth of several feet. The
analysis of the soils In this division gave
an average as follows:
Soluble Organic Phosphoric
Matter. Matter. LJme. Potash. Acid. Nitrojren.
Per-Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct.
73. 6S 26. SS 0.700 0.340 0.217 0.646
(3) Higher Altitudes — The areas at these
hiRiiest elevations, ranging- at from ISoy to
22UQ feet above sea level, comprise lands in
every feature similar to those of the mid
dle altitudes. "With the exception t of
some limited portions, the same deep, por
ous soils are found, overlying very open
subsoils. The uncleared areas are cover
ed with dense vegetation, the Joint product
of a rich soil and heavy rainfall. The soil
analysis gave as follows:
Soluble Organic , PhosDhorlo
I Matter. Matter. Lime. Potash. Acid. Nitrogen
j Per Ct. P«r Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct. Per Ct.
C5.06 19. S5 1.410 0.454 0.204 0.5S2
REMARKS.
In the Keaau section three types of soil
have been examined: (a) The "reddish"
soils,, although of good depth, are not
high in the elements of plant food except
ing nitrogen. The phosphoric acid is good
but the potash, and more especially the
lime, is low. (b) the "aa" and "pahoehoe"
soils, which compose the chief areas of
this section, are nigh In lime, potash and
nitrogen, and moderately good in phos
phoric acid. These soils are of high fer
tility, and this will be durable, on account
of the amounts of the elements contained
in the small stones in the "aa" soils
which will gradually be released and made
available for the growing crops. The Olaa
section, as already remarked, comprises
large areas of level, fine-lying lands, and
whose soils are of great depth and porous
ness. This porousness Is a guarantee of
perfect drainage, but it is also a factor
which will cause to be required a most
Judicious and scientific system of fertlliza- I
tion in order to avoid loss. of applied fer
tilizers and to maintain fertility. So far
the leaching action of heavy rains has
been retarded by the heavy undergrowths
and the large content of humus and or
ganic matter in the surface soil.
In the Bolls of the "lower altitudes" the
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R Barnett. Sausallto J C Deatty, Jf T
O E Martin. V S A C A Grabili. Keswlck
D Dawson. Honolulu F. L Beers. Clnncinnatl
M Maher. S Bernardino E \V Erunton. Fesno
R A Mason. Sausallto 1 J Foster. S Jose
W* G Woods. Sacto IT M Bairers. S Jese
O H Dunsmour, Oak Id A Wenderball. Oaktni
W McDonald. Valleja J trown & w. Sact>
<-• Green. Nome W Shepherd & w. Lai
II B Madison. S Mat<«o Mrs Clark. Honolulu
W E Maldrup. AlamdaiF Thomas. Denver
K M R'-senthal, S Jose A T Fowler. Chicago
W A Aldrich. .«pokan*|O Cumminza & w. Saa
Mrs J Alkman. PawsonlE AVagner * w, \entu
Mrs Binct. Dawroo V Irwln. N X
ttin n Flnlgan. Dawsn A A PUisnie. Sacto
M 3 Levy Wood'and A Maffcr & *. Malaga
C W Tryon. Angela P W Pevtne. C 8 A
W Burkholder Mont I.ieut Wriuht. Manila
J O Bnwn Aw St P Mrs A Foster. Bos-ton
A Sweet. Portland Miss Fost-r. Boston
W Simmons & w Cal Miss Brigham. Boston
H I, Klr.fr & w. Merced .1 F Potter. Clcvelanl
J Meier ReJclint; K C Hamll. Manila
Tl Nlckerson. Sonoma A O McXeill. Manila
; II Tworaey, Pebastopol P Kearns. Spokan»
R S Goudey S Dies;r» A «.' Woods. T.->wa
J O McCoy. Hueneme F E Tansy. Manila
C Sherman. Huemme K A Cook. Cal
M Kew & w. Hiienem- c W Jenhart. Fresno
Mrs Craitr & s. WoortUI X C Casarga. Petaluna
Miss .Masters. WoodlJ Miss E Casaneo. Pet.il
T Kuttlid?e S Rosa Ml?s J Casancr*. Petil
F K Cox Sarto H K StahK S Jos»
K PilllnK. Phiia W II Woods. S Jos«
S J Hin-»«. Fre«na T T Purphy. Portland
T B Hal! Sacto 'W E Burgess. Chicasa
J Matthews. Chicago III Cooler. Stockton
Ij Lyons. XT H C Barrell. CtttOMU
A «o«!e. Mexico (J St. Crais. Cal
Mrs Kdwarils. Dawson U* W Lamrhey. Sarti
F H Smith. Stockton IL A McLean & w. Bad
W Lampel. St L<:ui3 B F Van Mlteo. ISA
O J Levy. Chicago I A H Hunt. Indiana
PALACE HOTEL.
W Coleman. South CarfMIss J Cheev-r. Los A
Mrs Coleman. South CT C Adams. Salt Lalw
F T Pwyer. Sarto S J Alderman. Cal
C W Tuttle. Colusa II A Woodruff, f S A
Mrs L C Strauss, Cal C M Sweltzer. U S V
L G Strauss. Cai •• T Summerstn. USA
C J "VVelr. Mass XV E Dor?. U S A
W F Staunton. Ariz II Eppinuer. Paso Rob
Mrs Staunton. Ariz iMrs Erplnser. Paso It
A Dufflll. Los Ang \V Kpplnjrer. Paso Roi>
Mrs DufflU. Los Ang A McArthur. USA
II Dufflll. Los Anc Ij r> Gavin. N Y
J M Lonjr. Portland IB R Hawks. Wash»
W W Week. TJfnver ! M 1»» T Crossnan, NT T
W A Wallace, Oenver ;M!s3 M Crossmaji. X
F II Scotf^Evanston iMiss A Frank. N Y
H t: Gray, llvanston |H L Pease. N' Y
Mrs E M Kunj. Pa !J J Cor.roy. TJ 9 T>
R 1^ Doheny. I>is Ang Ij II L>urst. USA
I> K Furnish. Texas IS Hamper. Berlin
Mrs Furnish. Texas (Mrs Kamper. Berltn
Mrs E P Buckingham. E J Henneberry. Of
Vaeaville |A Beetens. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A T Rogers, EakersfleM' A AHerson. San Pedm
Mrs Rogers. BakersflelJ J A Atchlson, Cal
L Austin, Mich |O Pevereaux. Cal
Mrs Austin. Mich |L Prloe, San Dieyo
J M Quinn. Needles C A Vast*. Ln« AD(
n W Symburner. L A C r» Butter. Stockton
T Carvln, Sta Rosa JA C. Stick. Lns Ang
E Nelson, San Jose L\ K Wilson. Oregon
F I» Robbins. Oregon |j J Connolly. Ogden
V. Cathrart. S Rafael W II Taylor- Vallejo
II Smith. Los Ar\g .1 O Klvas. Vallejo
Mrs Smith. Los Ang P R Mercer. Oompton
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
J5.000.000 15,000,000
"The company now proposes to Issue
$1,250,000 first mortgage 6 per cent 6-20
year gold coupon bonds, to be secured
by a trust deed to cover all present ana
prospective property, giving all investors
of bonds, the privilege of exchanging
bonds for stock in treasury at par any
time on or before January 1. 1902. During
that year It is expected a dividend' of 10
per cent < to 15 per ' cent will -be declared
upon the capital stock of the company.
28
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Eroidwa?
>^ wharf. San Francisco:
K^^. For Alaskan prrts— 11 a, m.,
KKprcjv July 15. 20. 23. sr>. Ai:sr,:<<! 4.
k**y55v«'*J»k Change to company's steamer 1
laV'ffiJ \fai For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
iJHaJKrwrai C) ' Port Townsend, Seatt>.
i Tacoma. "Everett. Anacort-i
anf! N>w Whatenra <Wasa.>-
11 a. m.. July 15. 20, 23. 3?,
Aucrust 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Chanire at Seattle to this company's oteamen
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Tacoraa to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
1». 17. 22. 27. August 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. O..7-
ucoa. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavi^u,.,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenetne. San Pedro.
Ejsi San Pedro (Los Anstelesi and New-port—
3 a. m.. July 14. 1?. 22. 2S. 20. August 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Ha--
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Kedondo (Loa Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. July 12. 18. 20. 24. 23, August 1. aad every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d^l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanr»
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot tallln?
without previous notice.
TICKET OFPirE-4 Xew Montgomery
street CPalace Hct»l>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franetsco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTKAMER3 TO
fo :r.ti_, 3sr e>
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $ 12 First Class including Berts
TnuL S3 Second Clas* ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA satis
July 12. n, Ausr. I
COLTJMBIA Balls July 7. 17. 27. Au». i
Short line to "Walla "Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. "WARD. General Ajrent.
630 Market st-.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (lllogt)), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ar. i
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board oa dar
of sailine. '
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
Friday, August 8, I8C0
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 23, 13C3
S3. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or abont Jn!y 23d.
For passage end other particulars apply ts
EMPIRE LINE. SO MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 133 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITS W TORS. SOCTHAaPTOS. LOSDOS. PA3IX
Stopping at Cherbourff. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 1) a. m.
St. Paul July ISf New York ...August S
Bt. Louis July Si St. Paul August U
f*ED STA?{ UN5.
r-'eW Yorlc arjd Antwsr-*.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Krlesland July IS-'Westernland .August I
Southwark July X! Kensington ..Ausu3t 3
IXTEUNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
COKFAGSIE GENE RALE TRAS3ATLA5TIQUB.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. m~^
SallicK every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. &t vi**?t "-#
10 a. m.. from Pi»>r 42. North Hiver. foot of
Morton st. LA BRKTAOXE. July 13: I.A
OIIAMPACJNE. July 26: U,V TOURING. August
2: L'AQl'ITAIXE. Aujrust 3. First class to
Havre. W 50 and upward. Second class tj
Havre, Ji-"> and upwarrl: 5 per cent reduction on
ronn<! trip. CKNERAI, AOENCY FOK
UNITEO STATKS AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J F
FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 ilcnt-
soreery avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO — HfVN OT.TTXU APIA
AtcKLiM) am) sydney;
S. P. AUSTRALIA {Honolulu only) "
S:i"AUM^DA"^ n ffii a^FS m -
Zealand and Australia.. TVed.. Aujt S» » n m
kosmos LmEiSPiS
¦ ' -.-• AHYDOS .. "40OO tori
Monthly naillns for Valparaiso and 'iiaxnbur -
via Mexican ports. Central and South
_ _ _ America, etc.
S. S. Tanls. MM tons, stalls about Aueust id
J. D SPRECKELS ft BROS. CO. Ss"
«?"»£&* '¦STaft F p^i; 0 e -oJ- Fre ' shf °" a ~
STEAMEBS."
FOR U. S. NA'/YTAlDlimETnY
„-„ Steamer "Montlcello." '
« ay ™ \ P 5?- and 8:3O: Sundays. 10:30 «. ni*
ADVEBTISEME3STS.and Orient Railway Is
Sanguine.
Promoter of the Kansas City, Mexico
WILL BE IN OPERATION
WITHIN THREE YEARS
KANSAS CITY, July 14.-A. E. Stillwell.
president and promoter of the projected
Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Railway,
arrived' in the city to-day from Chicago
to attend a m?etincr of the directors of
the company, called for the purpose of
amending its charter so that the road may
b m built through Oklahoma without delay.
••Vnthine can now prevent the construe
tioiv of ¦ the road." said Mr. Stillwell. "It
w?H be built «nd in operation between
Kansas City and Topolobampo within
three years, an.l Kansas City and Chicago
will become harbors of the immense tide
of -ommeicc which Is beginning to flow
between the United States and the
Other officers who attended the meeting
wero W \V Svlvehter of St. Louis, first
vice president and A. E. MUllken of Du
ranzo Mexico, one of the d rectors. Sur
veying corps are in the field In Kansas
Oklahoma. Texas and Mexico laying out
the route.of the line.- •
Horse Thief Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz.. July 14.— Charles Goodin
and his partner from the San Pedro coun
trv came to Tucson a few days ago. Fri
day they took two of the best saddle
w«ws in town and lit out for the line. A
shoriff-s posse followed them and Goodin
and both horses were captured this even
ine The companion of Goodin went
across the line, but officers are in pursuit
and he will probably be taken. Goodin
fs but 17 years old and Is a bad charac
ter. Both are cowboys.-
Smallpox Under Control.
JACKSON, July 14.— Dr. Look of Sac
ramento arrived here again to-day, hav
ing been sent by the State authorities. to
look into the smallpox conditions after
a week's absence. This afternoon he said:
"After having -visited Jackson the second
time to inspect the quarantine, regulations
adopted there and also to Investigate the
condition as regards th« .smallpox epi
demic I am pleased to say that the disease
is entirely under control and that there
wlllbo no 'further apread of the conta
gion.
ST. LOUIS, July 14.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from New London, Mo.,
says: The last person who ever talked
with Gilbert W. Gates, as far as known,
save Alexander Jester himself, was placed
on the stand to-day. Ills name Is A. W.
Qassett, and he resides near Mlddlegrove.
where the young man so mysteriously
disappeared In 3871. The two travelers
stopped at the Bassett farm and bought
feed for the teams. This was the day fol
lowing tho night when " Jester choked
Gates, who told him that he had been
out West and was going home, and that
ho did not like to travel with Jester be
cause he was so crabbed.
Ex-Governor Johnson, for the prosecu
tion, said to-day that the State's theory
for Gate's' failure to leave Jester after the
choking was that he had 110 opportunity
to. do so. A. Gates, the father, had this
to say on that point:
"I believe Jester made my son believe
he was dreaming when he choked him.
and as Gilbert knew he would soon be in
Paris, Mo., he thought he would continue
to travel ¦ with Jester until he reached
that point." '
The appearance of Alexander Jester is
more cheerful since the arrival of his
daughter, Alice Kimbrough, from' Okla
homa. She is the youngest of his large
family, and is disposed to stand by her
father. Shortly after coming into court
to-day Jester remarked that he "liked
the looks of the Jury."
Captain Hugh Stewart testified that he
and his wife were riding horseback on
tho road leading from Middlegrove to
Paris, Mo., one day in January, 1S71.-
They saw a pool of blood in the snow in
the middle of what is known as Hulln's
Lane. The pool was fresh. The witness
saw numerous spots of blood as he pro
ceeded along the road. "When near the
mouth of Hulin's Lanei Mr. and Mrs.
Stewart saw a colored man named Wil
liam Maxey and Tom Teaford, who had
just previously met two wagons and their
driver. Alexander Jester.
When Mr. and Mrs. Stewart arrived at
that point Jester and the two wagons
were about half way to, the Hulln house,
the witness said. The nearest timber
from the pool of blood was in a southeast
erly direction,, and Jester with the two
wagons and teams tied together went as
quickly and as directly as he could to this
It is the theory of the State that tb e
corpse of young Gates was in one of tHe
wagons at the time.
Belief That the Assassin Carried the
Victim's Body in a Wagon
From -the Scene of the
Crime.
Told of His Dislike of Jester
Just Before the
Murder.
YOUNG GATES
DID NOT TRUST
SEATTLE, .Wash., July 14.-The City of
Topeka arrived in port this evening from
Lynn canal with between $600,000 and ?7a0,
000 of gold dust, all of which is from the
Klondike, bringing its total output since
its discovery in 1896 up to $50,000,000. On
board the Topeka was George Carmack,
famous as the man who first found the
seemingly inexhaustible storehouse of
treasure, and Clarence Berry, the Klon
dike king, both with large amounts of the
yellow dust.
AVhile a number of ships have brought
greater quantities of sold down from the
Klondike this season, the Topeka had on
board a. greater number or individual
holdings than any previous vessel. Of the
seventy-live passengers who came out
from the great northern camp nearly all
had fortunes in dust, ranging all the way
up to $100,000 each. Berry and J. Rowan,
both of the El Dorado district, were the
only two perhaps who had more than this.
Purser Jones of the Topeka gave it as
his opinion that the steamer brought down
'¦ at r least $1,000,000, but the more conserva
tive miners thought that $750,000 was
nearer the mark. As George Carmack
had taken Dawson bank drafts for a por
tion of the yield of his mines. Discovery
No 1 above and No. 1 below Bonanza, he
had not as much treasure with him as
several of his fellow passengers. All of
his properties are immensely rich, as are
also those owned on Bonanza by his
brother-in-law, Skookum Jim, and
Tagish Charley, his nephew by marriage.
Although Carmack and Berry have im
mense wealth, it would be hard to find
two more quiet or more unassuming men.
The other heaviest gold passengers on
th° Topeka are Joseph Lonouette, a
Frenchman of Williams, Colusa County,
Cal.: George Butter Jr.. J. C. Williams,
-Charles B. Clark. J. Rouck Mrs. McKtn
non W. S. Godman, C. D. Taylor, Eddie
Lewin and G. W. F. Johnson.
This is Lonouette's llrst visit to the
States since he reacned the Klondike al
most immediately after its discovery. He
has a large fortune with him. Lewin also
has a big load of treasure with him which
he made partly In business at Dawson and
in mining. He resided for a number of
years In Seattle and hua many friends
here. "•':, , .
The Topeka's safe was filled from top
to bottom with gold sacks, although about
thirty of the passengers kept their treas
ure In the staterooms. As the miners
staggered ashore with their heavy bur
dens of dust, some being met by joyful
friends and relatives, it was plainly evi
dent that the amount of dust credited to
the ship had not been exaggerated. Tho'
miners themselves wero glad to get back
to civilization and made no effort to con-
Nearly all of the Topeka's Klondike pas
sengers came up the river on the steamer
Yukoner to White Horse. There they took
¦the -White Pass and Yukon Railroad to
Caribou, where they boarded a lake
steamer for Bennett, at the latter point
taking to the railroad again, going thence
to Skaguay and there boarding the To
peka for Seattle.
The Yukoner left Dawson July 3. Her
passengers, 175 all told, had a combined
gold cargo, it is estimated, materially in
excess of a ton. •. *:\
Special Disratch to The Call.
Among Her Passengers Are George
Carmack, Who Discovered Gold
in the North, and Clar
ence Berry.
Carries Largest Amount of
Individual Holdings for
the Season.
CITY OF TQPEKA
LADEN WITH GOLD
FROM KLONDIKE
away, including the Midway. The water
is running off rapidly, and If no more rain
falls the flood in the streets and busines3
houses probably will subside by to-mor
row.
TRAIN ROBBER BARNES'
CHANGE OF ATTITUDE
Now Claims That He Confessed Sim
ply to Allay the Fears
of His Wife.
ST. LOUIS, July 14.— The police have not
yet captured John Nelson, the alleged
train robber, who escaped from their
clutches yesterday. Requisition papers
for Charles Barnes are expected on Sun
day and he will be taken on Monday to
Wickcllffe, Ky.. to stand trial.
At the instance of Percival Adams, his
St. Louis attorney, Barnes has refused
to sisrn the supposed confession he made
to Chief of Detectives Desmond, Implicat
ing Nelson and Conley. He now says that
he was not implicated In the robbery at
all and that he made the statement to the
chief of detectives merely to allay the
fears of his wife for the time being. Mrs.
Nelson has been released by the police
and has disappeared irom her boardine
place.
The condition of Murray, the Illinois
Central detective, who was shot by Nel
son, is Improved. It is probable that he
will be able to resume his duties in a few
days.
LOST HIS BRIDE AND
PART OF HIS MONEY
Napa Farmer Seeks the Woman Who
L«ft Him Two Da 73 Aftsr
Their Wedding.
CHICAGO. July 14.— Mo-^rnins th.9 loss
of his bride of two days and $200 of his
money, Gerhard Onken. a prosperous
farmer living in Napa. Cal.. last night ay
pealed to the Chicago Police Department
to search for the missing 1 woman. Onken
traveled from his far Western hx>ma to
Toledo. Ohio, married Louisa Anna
Worthlngton "Wednesday after a few
hours' acquaintance and, xrtille on hl3 re
turn to California, lost hit bride in this
city. The police officials Informed Onken
that It was probably a ruse on the parr
of the woman to get his money and thac
nothing could be done for him.
Steamer Braemer In.
PORTLAND, July 14. — The steamer
Braemer of the Dodwell Une arrived to
day from. Hbnskong and Yokohama with
a cargo of 5000 tons of tea and silk. The
Braemer will return to the Orient as scion.
as she can be loaded with flour. DodT«-pH
& Co. do not anticipate that the Chinese
trouble will Interfere with the bus1.nesa
of the line between this city and. tho
Orient.
Funeral Fervicfs will be held In Burling,
ton on Wednesday. JCo services are to be
held here.
John Henry Gear of Burlington, Iowa,
was born in Ithaca, N. Y., In 1825.
where he received a common school edu
cation. He removed to Galena. 111., in
1S34. and thence to Fort Bnelling. Iowa,
then a territory, in 1S38, and to Burling
ton in 1M3. where he engaged in merchan
dising. He was elected Mayor of Burling
ton in JS63. and wa? a member of . the
Iowa House of Representatives of the
fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth gen
eral as?embli»« of the State, serving as
Speaker for the last two terms. He was
Heeted Governor of Iowa In 1S7S-79 and
again in 1SS0-S1. He was elpcted to the
Fiftieth and Fiftv-fim Congresses, but
was defeated for the Fifty-second. Dur
ing the administration of President Har
rison he was Assistant Secretary of tht;
Treasury. He was elected to the Fifty
third Congress as a Republican. On Jan
uary 23. 1W»4, he was elected a Senator in
Congress from th*» State of Iowa for six
years, beginning March 4, 1805. He wa3
re-elected last winter for another term
of six years In the Senate, beginning
March 4. 1901.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— United States
Senator John Henry Gear of Burlington.
Iowa, died at 4:3j a. m. io-day of heart
failure in bis apartments at the Portland
in thi« citv. While Senator Gear had been j
in ill-health for a year or morj, death
came at an entirely unexpected time. lie
wa-s in excellent health and spirits last
night and made engagements with some
political friends. Shortly before 9 o clock 1
last evening, accompanied by Mrs. Gear, ,
he went out driving with Secretary \\il- ,
son of the Agricultural Department. They j
returned about U o'clock, and the Senator ,
retired later in his us^ual health.
Shortly before 2 o'clock this morning
the Senator s-v.mmor.cd h!s confidential ,
U-creUirv Colonel RootJ and informed ¦
him that he was troubled with congestion
In his chest Mrs. Gear wan called and .
v-h*> and Colonel Root applied some simple
remedies, which Memed to relieve the
Senator^ sufferi-ng. At 2:30 o'clock Sen
ator Gear coraplHined of serious difficulty
IB breathing. Hi* condition became crit
ical and his family physician. Dr. Davis,
was uunmoned. An examination , c ° n 
vinced Dr. Davis that his distinguishe*!
patient wa? suffering from heart trouble, j
;.nd calling <"olonel Root aside, he in-'
formed him that Senator Gear could last ,
ecarcolv an hour.
At about 4 o'clock the Senator seemed to
bo easier, and when asked by Mrs. Gear
as to his condition he replied faintly: "I
feel a trifle better." These were his last
words. Fifteen minutes later he was
< To-day Sergeant-at-Arms Ramsdell of
the Senate was notified of Senator Gear's
doath and began arranging for the funeral.
The remains will be taken direct to Bur
lington. Iowa, which for many years has
Yt?ez\ the home pf Senator Gear. A special
car will be attached to the 3:"0 Pennsyl
vania train to-morrow afternoon for the
accommodation of the funeral party. Mr.
Rarnsdtll communicated with Senator
Frye. president pr° tempore of the Senate,
who will name a committee of Senators to
represent the Senate at the funeral.
Speaker Henderson -was also notified of
ficially of the death. He will designate a
committee of the House to attend the
funeral. Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
will accompany Mrs. Gear on her sad Jour.
, uey West-
Senator Gear left, besides his widow.
I two daughters, Mrp. J. W. Blythe, wife of
i the general attorney of the Chicago, Bur-
I lington and Quincy Railroad, and Mrs.
I Horace Hand, n-ife of a prominent busl
! ness man, both residing- In Burlington.
j They will join the funeral party at Chi
cago on Monday.
SENATOR JOHN HENRY
GKA.R OF IOWA. WHO DIED
SUDDENLY IN WASHINGTON.
I Th«» German tariff covers several hund
red items, and on a considerable percent
age of theBe the regular rate is five marks
1 per 10ft kilograms and the preferential
• rate 3.L0 marks per 100 kilograms. On
corn the regular rate is 2 marks; prefer
ential rate 1.60 marks. On meat, ham.
bacon, etc.. the regular rate is 20 marks;
preferential rate 15. On machinery the
I preferential rate is in some cases only
OT Red a wine in^casks, used for mixim?. is
sent in considerable quantities from Cali
fornia to Germany, and on this the reg
ular rate is 24 marks per 100 kilogram*,
while the preferential is 10. There are
many other like reductions In the prefer
entlal rate, all of which the United State?
will now enjoy under the reciprocity
agreement, not by reason of any favored
Sf tio "' clause, as heretofore, but by vir
tue of the agreement now proclaimed, piv
ine the preferential rates as a distinct
right to which American exporters are
entitled.
California Will Profit.
Of which the officers and citizens of the
United States will take due notice.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.
l>one at the city of Washington, .this thir
teenth day of July. A. 1>. one thousand nine
hundred, and of the independence of the United
Btates of America the one hundred and twenty
fifth. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
liy the President:
JOIIX HAY, Secretary of State.
Setback for Meat BilL
The proclamation does not recite the
terms of the agreement. It Is said each
CJovermnent will proclaim only such fea
tures of the arrangement as are neces
sary for the guidance of its own officials
in administering. The arrangement itself
will not be made public at present. The
putting into operation of the German meat
bill is deferred for an indefinite period.
The official explanation is that the pur
pose of its suspension is simply to allow
f.f the execution of existing contracts held
by American meat packers. It is not dis
coverable just now whether or not this
moat act figures in any way in the reci
procity agreement, and it may be. and
probably i«, the fact that suspension has
lx?en arranged for separately;
The reciprocity agreement appears to be
the result of sharp diplomatic maneuver
ing over a period of several years on the
meaning: of the "favored nation" clause.
Germany formerly had only one tariff
schedule for all nations, but in the years
preceding 18.02 seven reciprocity treaties
were made, with Austria-Hungary, Rus
sia. Italy. Belgium. Rouraanla and some
other countries. These gave a preferen
tial tariff to the countries mentioned, in
return for concessions allowed Ger
many. Germany made no reciprocity
treaty with the United States, but under
the "most favored nation" clause of the
'> general treaty between this country and
Germany it "was held that the United
States was entitled to the same prefer-
I ential tariff rates allowed by Germany to
] Russia. Italy and the other countries men-
When, therefore, the United States gave
I reciprocity reductions to France, the Ger
i man authorities asked for similar reduc
tions under the "favored nation' clause,
I and. as evidence of the Justice of their
> request they pointed to the fact that the
I United States was getting the preferential
duties from Germany through the oper
ation of the "favored nation" clause.
1 Moreover it is probable that if the Lnited
i States had not given Germany the same
i reduction allowed to France, the German
! preferential tariff. Including the Lnlted
I States with Russia. Italy. Austria, etc.,
i would have been withdrawn. It was.
therefore, settled that the German nrefer
' entlal rates would be confirmed by the
I I'nited States and that the United States
i would Rive Germany the same tariff re
i ductions already accorded France, Italy
and Portugal.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— The following
proclamation by the' President on the Ger
many reciprocity agreement has been
made public:
Reciprocity with Germany. By the President
of the United States of America— A proclama
tion:
Whereas. The German Government has enter
ed Into an agreement with the United States In :
accordance with the provisions of the third
section of the tariff act of the United States,
approved July 21, 1397. by which, in the Judg
ment of the President, reciprocal and equiva
lent concessions are ercured In favor of the
products of tne United States;
Therefore, be it known, that I. William
Mt-Kinley, President of the United States of
America, acting under the authority of said act
6f Congress, do hereby suspend during the con
tinuance »n force of said agreement, the Im
position and collection of duties imposed by the
first leotion of said act upon the articles here
inafter specified, being the products .of the soil
and industry of Germany, and do declare in |
place thereof the rates ot duty provided In t^e |
third section of said act to be in force and
eftect from and alter the date of this procla
mation, a* follows, namely:
Upon uifc-oU or crude tartar or wine lees,
crude, 5 per centum ail valorem.
Upon brandies or other spirits, manufactured
or .iUtllled from grain or other materials. *1 75
for proof gallon.
Upon Mill wines and vermouth, in casks. S3
cents per gallon; In bottles or Jugs, per case
of one dozen bottles or Juga containing each
not more than one quarter and not more than
one pint, U 25 per cate, and any excess beyond
these quantities found in such bottles or Jugs
i shall be subject to a duty of 4 cents per pint
and fractional part thereof, but no separate or
i additional duty shall be assessed upon the bot
tles or Jugs.
Upon paintings in oil or water colors, pastels,
pen and Ink drawing and statuary. 15 per cent
California Red Wine One Product on
Which the Duty Is Reduced
More Than One-
Half.
Suspension of Tariffs as
Regards Certain Ar
ticles.
RECIPROCITY
WITH GERMANY
IS ANNOUNCED
Has Had a Long and Successful Po
litical Career and Was Last
Winter Re-elected, to the
Senate.
Suddenly Stricken With
Heart Failure and Lived
but a Few Hours.
SENATOR GEAR
OF IOWA DIES
IN WASHINGTON
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
DALLAS.: Texas,' July 14.— Telegrams
from Galveston state that because of the
fierce storm conditions the city Is practi
call" water bound. Railroad trains cannot
get 'out ;and- passengers for outside points
al The e rain ceased falling this afternoon.
There hag been heavy , damage along the
beach: Many houses have been destroyed.
About • a • dozen buildings wero washed
Away by the Flood.
Many Houses . Have Been washed
OALVESTON WATER BOUND.
Teachers Chosen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. July 14.— At the last meet
ins of the. trustees of the Palo Alto School
District J. F. Parkinson was chosen chair
man and Professor Fernando Sanford
clerk of the board. The following high
school teachers were chosen for next
year: Superintendent. A. M. Fosdlck;
James Mclntosh. Stanford, "98, mathemat
ics and physics; George Herbert Yost,
Stanford. '99. English and French: Miss
Ora Baring. Stanford. '98, zoology and Ger
man: Mrs. A. T. Wallace, Stanford, '97,
Latin. .The teachers chosen for the gram
mar school are: Miss Mattie B. Hudson,
assistant principal: Mrs. Jackson, primary
department," and -' Misses Mabel : Charles,
Roberta Thompson, Lydla Graffe and
Minnie Stocking. >
- It was decided to open the school on
Augrust 20. __ ¦_ ]
Ladles' Shoes and Ties, also Boys'
School Shoes will be sold to-morrow for
75c a pair at the Assignee Sale of Shoes.
775 Market street, near Fourth. '•
A Genuine Picnic.
29
The Philadelphia
Shoe Company
Invites you to have yourself fitted to
a pairof Governor Pingree's famous
"Gloria"
boots for wemsn. /t^ C\ K f\
COST q/^J-^
And are an uncommon boot at an
ordinary price. You can put them
right on and FORGET all about YOUR
FEET.
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
B, KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
BY THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALISTS.
Do
Not
Charge
Oup
Patients
Fop
Medicines.
Our
Private
Book
Free
At
Office
Op by
Mai!.
THE SECRET OF OUR SUCCESS.
Many physicians, after they have experimented with their patient
until he ia on the verso of the srrave. call a. consultation pZ other doc-
tors We take the opposite course and hold a consultation whrn a cura
Is undertaken. This gives the patient the benefit of the kTiowledge or
five skilled specialists and insures a quick and permanent cure.
People frequently wonder at the results accomplished by our institu-
tion The reason for our many marvelous cures, however, Is easily ex-
plained To begin with merit wins. Take, for example, a stor<» which
never misrepresents an article or sell3 It for more than Us value and
cives each patron courteous treatment. That firm is recognized as re-
liable and worthy of the patronage of the public. On the other hand,
if a merchant makes false statements about his wares, charges exorbi-
tant prices and does not aim to please his customers he soon fa.Is. Peo-
ple are prone to talk of such matters, and an 111 word travels mora
SWl ln y S ome n r a es S P °e O cL 0 ouV methods may be likened to those of the suc-
cessful merchant, but the comparison is more favorable. \ve give out-
patients something that cannot be obtained elsewhere on the rac© or iixo
globe, viz. : Remedies and methods that cure. .
When we commenced our professional career, nearly twenty years
a~o we were alive to the fact that It was best, both from a business
and' a humanitarian point of view, to cure our patients so that thay
would stay cured; to do it 0.3 quickly as possible, and at reasonable
prices. In carrying out this laudable purpose- we have succeeded b«-
yoiid our most sanguine expectations.
We have made the name of our institution famous by curing contracted
ailments, lost manhood, varicocele, stricture, rupture and diseases of the
bladder, kidneys, heart, spine, etc.
Our business Is Increasing every year. Our Institution Is the lars-«
est and best equipped, and our practice tho most extensive.
TERMS AND PRICES FOR PERMANENT CURES.
)-:^Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, reme-
dies and- appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank will
return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments if
preferred. Prices reasonable alike to rich end poor.
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOME CURE SYSTEM.
* Our home cure system fs marvelously successful. If you cannot
visit San Francisco write us In confidence and we will send you. sealed.
by mall, a booklet which contains a treatise on all diseases and
weakness of men, and a great deal of other valuable information of a
private nature for men. old or youns, sick or well, married or singls.
Cures sent safely by mail or express, fre« from oDservauon-
Consultation and Advice Free, at Office or by Mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street I elevator I SSSEK 11 *
1 X BAN PRANC16CO. I E3JTKAN0I1 I Ev« 0 t0flS-Tto5
Disorders of Men Cured
>y-— 7,-— ?'"'- ='i' = — '~ 7^ Tb.~j^TTTTT*. !
>— —TT m 1' ill ¦¦ -Ml * '¦"l'TT*"-^-'"*' r~- _? I
4 Quart Bottles, $3-2Q
Express Cbar^es Prepaid.
HJGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family u»«. We Rive you the benefit of the
tnSdd:ecnen's profit; besides, you are mx&ranteeU
tb« c*rtajz;ty cf
[^ PURE WHISKEY -^jj
TCotlilrr nn rm«e to Indicate content*. Uoney j
refunded If not Batlsl»rtory. Twict the price j
cotlid buy no better. Reference, any buslneu 1
firm and commercial acenclei.
P. CP^RAIM & CO., Distillers' Agents,
IS Montgomery *»t.. S. P.. Cal.
Pole Apents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and .Price Lists Mall9 i
on Application.
ATTORNEY-
T. U. MCRZDACH._Uwy«T. 503 Cal.. ClunK Bg.
COA.L. COKB AM) FIO IROX
//- H7I CriV Xr m 9C0 Battery Street.
• C- W iLMM a CU-- Telephone Main MM.
~~COPPF.Hf:M(TH.
/• it' CMITH Phip PJumliinir, Steamboat and
L-W. iVI JIl. Bbtp per* a »r>eclalty. 16 and
3^ "tVafb'.nrton Et. Telephone Main t6*L
fcLEQl RICAL.
S> Electrical Engineer. 88 E«rt St.
FPESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC RhYl'C X- Ct\ Butchers. 101
JA3- DUIL3 tt tU- clay. Tel. Main 12M.
OALVAMZIM AND METALS.
lir^. & neater in Metala & Galvanlzioit. JOHN
FINN MKTAL W<JKKS. 211 Howard tt.
HARNESS DRESSING.
•'PAIjO At^TO" n*^t leather preserver on
eafth. 25c. Koblay^n Chem. Co., 1169 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
TTnlon Llthoer»ph Co.. 225 Sansome *t.. ArtUttc
Uthocrsphera and Printer*. Government Li-
cense* for Imprinting of Revenue Stamp*.
METAL.
Ertra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works, 137-9 Fim tt.. San Francisco.
OILS.
I,UERirATINO OILS. LEONARD Jt EL-
LIS. «1S Front tt., B. F. Phone Main 1.13.
PAINTS.
rvtlrder & LuhrfratinK Oils. Schneider'* Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
HKi.NriiJ.
Ef tlVCUVZ PRINTER.
• C- llLUnti^ III Sanromt »t.. 8. F.
PRI'WFOS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
T3 Firnt «t-. San Francigeo.
S1ATIONH7 ANO PKINTBIt
Tel d^^ lc 1'ARTRIDGB -"SgleT 1 *
™f£ ASH STEAM COAL «S?SLaS
XjIAMONU COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
KIVER COLLIERIES. Is the B*« Coal In the
X&rU.eu Cilice and Tards — 150 Main street.
must therefore be disposed of at once to make room, and we adopt the only effectual means of producing an clcarance-CUTTINO r FKlLtb
IN TWO WE NEVER BEFORE HAVE MADE SUCH SWEEPING and UNIVERSAL REDUCTIONS Remember, we handle only reliable mer-
chandise and are noted for exclusive choiceness of assortment. Therefore, when we advertise a "clearance sale and tremendous reductions it means
A Magnificent Opportunity for the Purchasing Public.
suns, cloaks and all ErS SILK DEPARTMENT bJIT I WASH G00DS -
OUTER GARMENTS. rl^t 11 ?** - w^S^^ii^
Magnificent Clearance Vaiu.s. Almost ? « » J' 1^; Thls ,f eas °" s 5lI £? u hav , e een Duchesse, Valu:s which are self-evident.
every garment in the establish- '"'".' unusually choice. Rich colorings 3750 yards French Percal:, very best
ment r:du«d. l prlce b&C l and exclusive design?. ¦ ouc *"' ' ««c quality _-.8Hc
Reduced to 51.25 and $1.50 Satin-finish Foulards. Clearance price, yard.... 75c 250,350 and 40c Novelty Wash Goods,
f 17.50 and $19 Tailor Suis -* l5 -"° fi.co Twilled Foulards, 24-inch. Clearance price, yard 60c yard -..15c
$27.50 and J30 Tailor Suits ..$22.00 51.00, $1.25, S1.50 FoularJs, all short lengths 50c 20c and 25c Noveltv Wash Goods, yard
530 to J35 Tai or Suits $25.00 50c and 6oc New Wash Silks, yard.. :....--40c .........iOc
U? to 550 Tailor Suit<= 52 00 Biack Satin Stripsd Pekins, yard $1.25 And many other short lines which have
S30.00 and $35.00 51.25 Black Brocades, yard 75e accumulated to be closed outathaJf price.
f 65 and 575 Imported Go^qq-" s^q' o q t INFANTS' DEPARTMENT TO BE CLOSED OUT. ' t CORSETS.
«.^"V™^rir^'r'«cf..'i^ "1 ' <e;n no We require AT ONCE t^«* «na'-'* now occuri'd by infants' and a <n!i»nrfM nmo-trnitv A manufae-
$100 Imported Costumes :- $^ children's wear. Therefore EVERYTHING SACRIFICED WITH- '^ssamLf^T^nch<SSSi
$35 Imported Pique Costume SI7.S0 QUT DISCRIMINATION in order to effect an B3£!K3£ Sported To rVta™ Uom
$25 and $30 Imported Pique Costumes^ ABSOLUTE AND IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE. 52.50 to 55.OO. "Clearance" pricr,
l"'""o' "V j"-,' V "1" . ' Fin; hand-made garments, popular- priced Slip?, Dre*s:«, Under- eacn ....S1.00
<I4anJ $15 Black and l.n Ja;k?t«... garments, etc.; Caps, Booties, Sacqu^s and every other Item of
wiu.uu comfort ani convenience in an infant's wardrobe. HANDKERCHIEFS
Above All New Garments. ALL SACRIFICED ALIKE.. 3 » irn m=ns=" drive5 In Handkerchiefs.
R?m;mber, WE HAVE ALWAYS IMPORTED THE VERY Lot 1-250 doz. purs Irish Linen, hand-
VVASH SKIRTS FINEST QUALITIES. ¦ made mi.iahs, regularly 25c, to be sold
£•3 "n J $2 50 Wasn Skirts V2 and $1.50 A " tnat remain of Children's and Misses' Dresses and Jackets to „ |2Hc
$1.50 Crash, Cov-rt and Pique Skirts. be closed out at one-third their original prices. Lot 2-175 doz. pure Irish Linen, , hand-
• • ' m "* 5c t FOK THE HOUSEHOLD,
$5 Bnj $5-50 Embroidered Pmjui Sk^' 5O Bed Linen, Table Linen, Tow eh acd Bed Coverings atPhen menally Low Clearance Lot 3-150 doz. foal India Grass Linen
eacn....... '*"'.'¦":;."'' an , e ,' Prices. Note Prices. We guarantee Standard Lace House Qualities. Handksrchiets, hand hemstitched,
Si.50.andJ1.75 Shirt Waists, each.$..00 10-+ bhbbting. cotto/v towels. from 33Mc to I6|c
S2.75, S3 and $3.50 Shirt Waists, rach^ $ cases lQ^ Ful , Bleacned Pequot ; Clearance sale of FrinseJ Cotton
,. '."' ckivuVTI l"" C i 't* Sheeting 22'^c Towels— without exception the great- HOSIERY.
$; and J5.50 bhirt Waists, each...3>J.73 • comfohtablbb. est value ever offered. 50 doz. standard Black Cotton Hose i
w/nni cm noccc rnnnc 20 dozen full size Converters, fin- Cotton Towels, 30x16, well worth 30c - Great "Clearance" value.
WOOLEN DRESS GOODS. est quality, white cotton, worn W r 40c
Enticing Reductions. • S^l™' * MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
50c and 40: Novelty Weaves, yard...25c SixpoSheets 60c 6cc * ] 45c OJd sizes at remarkabls "Clearance"
60c Figured Black Mohairs, yard 40c 9«go Sheets.^. 05c r . T , , nYI A uy II worth reCUCtions.
60c and 65c Novelty Weaves and *£& PiKSsS 12 Sc WM^E^J^^^BOc 'M«'« fine En g lish Worsted Shirt, no
* Ch " 1 "-«.-r-c-- S S SSSioK Bi^fS CoTton T^vels, 30XX6, ,ve,l worthy *jj^ J^ggMS^BS
7 ;c and 85c B.ack Capons V^J.-.^Oc CRASHES _ 50 pcs . Extra H . avy 75c 60C each * ' § UQ0
93C, $1 and Si 25 bilk and Wool bt- Linen Crash> |8 lnches vvjde< Ex|ra qua | ilieSi hcramsd and jv« en ' s fi ne Spun Silk Shirts, summer
lCCtS.yarJ ouc at special price 12-^e fringed - $1.10 weight, broken sizes, reduced trom
$1.25 Homrspun, yard...... 80c f2.ooto, each .- $1.00
GLOVES. LACES.
fi.25 2-clasp Gray Castor Glove, /^£^4 j^^^^ r/e W m $i ll/^3 Remnants of Frontinjs, Yoklnjs and
litted and guaranteed, pair 51.00 ..., . . ajft ra W~y W^V a y I D + 'I Flouncn^s, beautilul and exclusive
: — WnOIcSalG ncldll styles, cut to half regular price.
pADACni C *.Ef v^ = » Trem;ndou« clearance of numsrons lines
Every parasoiln "he "taD.lshment on=- y of Po int Venice. Van Dyke ar.d Fes-
half price durin' clearance sale. . 50 * 0 " 1 p * 0VW£Ri toon Trimming Laces, selling from 7?c
• " -es^^ • *o 51.2; yarJ. Clearance nnce?, yard
• . - 85^ . - ....... 25c, 30c and 40c
WATCH OUtt WINDOWS. ' " **, j»i auu
| Of course, such an op- g
g prrtunity will not be |
| given any great length of g
g time. S
| Send for prospectus or g
| call at room 14,5th floor, ¦
g Mills Building. g
§ J. P. MASSIE, g
a Ager.t for San Franc;s:o aid vicinity, a
a d
BBBSlBBGBBEEEBaBBBHBRa
EECBE22CE25ESE3HEEHEBH
is a
IS ¦ H
S ifffiii nnn f »
B * _ _ B
O /t* <bsk *J &j% Ia m, H
S3 IVCVS B
¦2 • a
CS B
•g That an investment!
g which secures you against g
a loss is better than one ¦
g which affords no security, g
g If you can participate in g
j an undertaking where the g
g possibilities of BIG RE- g
I TURNS ON YOUR IN- 1
§ VESTMENT are apparent g
g and at the same time have g
0 held in trust for you g
|f AMPLE SECUR:TI£S to |
g reimburse you if such g
c possibilities do not bear a
g iruit, don't you think it |
'<¦ is better than to let your h
1 money lie in savings I
a banks, whici cannot offer a
S you any greater security, 3
a drawing a low interest S
S with no chance of making m
n more? a
S What will happen to S
a you if you buy Ophir Oil S
a Stock is this: When oil b
a is struck, even in small S
i quantities, your money §
e will be more than doubled. §
§ Should a large supply be °
a uncovered, a few hundreds £
§ would surely yie d thous- £
S ands of dollars. g
g If oil should notbedis- 1
g covered you relinquish jjj
£ your slock and will re- 1
% ceive back the entire |
g amount paid in, together g
g v/ith interest only a trifle g
| less than the interest paid g
g by sav ngs banks. g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Walkover $3 60 Shoes for, men and wo-
men. New store "• In Baldwin ; Annex, ' 924
Market, to-morrow. ' -» ;
Wo
ADVERTISEMENTS.Organ Recital at St. Dominies.
The regular monthly musical service
will be held at St. Dominic's Church,
Bush and Stelner streets, this evening 1 at
7:30. There will be an organ recital by
Franklin Palmer, organist. | The orogram
will Include: Organ symphony No. VI in
G minor, allegro rWidor). Celebrated
J^axto CHaendel). Cantilene In A minor
COLLEGE OF PHARMACY
HOLDS ANNUAL ELECTION
Board of Directors and Faculty Elect
ed for the Ensuing Term of
One Year.
The annual meeting of the College of
Pharmacy, held July 13, resulted In the
election of the following named directors,
to serve for the year 1900-01: Gaston E.
Bacon, John Calvert, J. H. Davison, F. A.
Beckett, Val Schmidt. R. E. White and
E. P. Gates. At a meeting of the newly
elected directors the following named of
fl««rs were chosen: Gaston E. Bacon,
president; William M. Searby, secretary
and dean, and R. E. White, treasurer.
The faculty Is composed of the follow
ing named: William M. Searby, professor
of pharmacy, and director of the pharma
ceutical laboratories; Joseph S. Warren,
assistant; Frank T. Green, of
chemistry and director of the chemical
laboratories; H. M. McQueen. Instructor
in chemistry: J. J- B. Argenti, professor
of botany, materia medica and micro
scopy; Josephine E. Barbat, instructor in
materia medica and botany; Luther W.
Bahnry. instructor in microscopy and
pharmacognoi-y: A. A. d'Ancona, M.D.,
lecturer on "Physiology"; H. R.- "Wiley,
lecturer on "Pharmacal Jurisprudence."
The college term will commence August
27, 1900, and close April 29, 1D01.
Joseph Kehoe and James Denneman
are stablemen in the St. .George stables.
They were constantly quarreling, and
yesterday afternoon Denneman hit Kehoe
on the head with a hammer, knocking
him out. Kehoe was taken to the' Re
ceiving Hospital. There was a big lump
on his head and it was thought that -his
skull might be fractured. There was
also an abrasion and contusion on his
thigh. He lives at the Ahlborn House
and was taken to his room by a - friend.
Hit With a Hammer.
Fire Commissioners Protest to Board
of Supervisors Against Objec
tionable Order.
The Board of Fire Commissioners filed
a protest yesterday against the recent
resolution of the Board of Supervisors
directing the former body to pay for Its
own stationery and printing supplies. The
Commissioners contend that the cost of
such supplies is not legally chargeable
against their appropriation according to
the provisions of the charter, as outlined
in Friday's Call.
"For these reasons," the protest con
cludes, "it has never been supposed by
us that we would have to pay for these
supplies, and in making our estimate of
supplies for the current fiscal year we
did not include the item of stationery, as
you and the Auditor are aware. Inasmuch
as w r e were allowed an/appropriation no
greater than is absolutely required for
the department, we think it would be a
great injustice if our expenditures are
to be increased by the unexpected item
of the cost of stationery supplies."
REFUSE TO PAY FOR
THEIR OWN STATIONERY
COLLEGE OFFICIALS
REQUIRED TO GUESS
If They Cannot Foretell a Ship's Ai*
rival Within Seven Bays They
Lose.
Custom-house experts were considerably
agitated yesterday over the' receipt by
Customs Collector Jackson of a circular
from the Secretary of the Treasury call
ing his attention to the following regula
tion: '
For th* frfe entry of articles imported for the
use of colleges, etc.. affidavit must be made
within yeven days before their arrival by the
secretary or treasurer or other responsible offi
cer of the institution, under its corporate seal,
that such articles have been imported by the
order and for the sole «use of said institution,
and not for sale or distribution.
Brokers are aaklng one another as to
the possibility of guessing the time of the
arrival of a sailing vessel from Eurone
by way of Cape Horn, for instance, witli
in seven days. It is no uncommon occur
rence for a sailing vessel on that route
to be nearly one hundred days overdue.
Brokers say that a strict compliance with
the regulation would require college oijl
cers to mak# the affidavit every seven
days until the arrival of the goods, but
they do not think that the Secretary of
the Treasury intended to put this hardship
upon the shoulders of coilege people.
Martin- Hynes, a teamster living at
10 Langton street, was charged in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday with stealing a
street lamp. v the complainant being the
Board of Public Works. The lamp was
on a street obstruction at Ritch and
Brannan streets. Hynes was convicted,
and begged for mercy for the sake of his
wife and children. He said he had taken
the lamp for a joke. He was ordered into
custody until to-morrow, when he will
appear for sentence.
Stole a Street Lamp.
United States Attorney Coombs has
been directed by the United States At
torney General to defend Charles T. Ba
ker, quartermaster of the United States
transport Sumner, arid formerly of the
Grant, in' suits recently instituted against
him in the Superior Court for $20,000 dam
ages for cruelty to members of the crew.
Coombs Will Defend Baker.
The Second Brigade Officer Who Pre
sided Was Lax in His
Duty.
It is evident that some times some of
the officers of the National Guard who are
detailed to preside at an election for com
missioned officers are not always as strict
as they might be, the result being that the
whole business has to be gone over again.
Some time ago there was an election for
officers in one of the local companies of
the Second Brigade and a member of the
brigade staff was detailed to preside. The
election was held, after which it was dis
covered that at the meeting there had not
been as the law requires, present and
voting, a majority of those who would be
entitled to vote. When the .returns had
gone through the many military channels,
it was declared that the election was il
legal and another will have to be ordered.
It Is likely that the officer who shall pre
side next time will make sure that he Is
right before going ahead.
The member? of the Guard are now
waiting for orders that will give them an
opportunity to parade on Admission day
in the big 'turn out. As yet no conclusion
has been reached as to whether the entire
Guard will be brought to this city or
whether only the companies composing
the Second Krigade will be calied out. If
the latter phould be the decision reached
the members of the First Regiment hope
that something will be done, and done
quickly, so as to enable them to make a
creditable appearance.
The companies of the Hfth Infantry
paraded in their respective localities on
the 4th ins=t. and the parade reports
j=how that Company A had a percentage
of seventy-three men in line, B eighty
two, C seventy-six, D seventy-four. E
peventy-four, F seventy-two. G sixty-four,
H eighty-four and I seventy-six. B made
the best showing, turning out flfty-tnree
out of sixty-six men.
Major Hendy has been ordered to pre
side at an election to be held July 26 in
Company G of the Fifth Infantry to fill
vacancies caused by both the first and
second lieutenants failing to qualify.
ELECTION NOT HELD
ACCORDING TO LAW
(Salome), Pastorale S (Gullmant), and
Grand Choem in B fiat (Diebois). The
choir program will be: Quartet. "Veni
Creator" (Lejeal); solo, quartet and
chorus. "Benedictus" (Gounod); tenor
polo, "O Salutaris" (Rosseau). J. F.
Veaco; trio, "Sub tuum"- (Dubols), Miss
Lily Roreler, Mr. Veaco and Signor Wan
rell: male quartet, "Santa Maria"
(Schweitzer); bass solo and chorus, "Tau
tum Ergo" (Wldor), Signor TVanrell and
choir.
THE new power works for the Inde
pendent Electric Light and Power
Company was opened on Monday.
Within two weeks the cars on the
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
and the Pacific Rolling Mills will be oper
ated by electricity generated at the new
plant, and in less than a month the subtle
fluid will be supplied to consumers
throughout the city.
The power works is equipped with the
most modern of mechanical devices.
Every piece of machinery in the building
is duplicated and there will be no possi
bility of a breakdown. Where two en
gines are required to be in constant use
a third is in position ever ready in case
of an emergency. The plans of construc
tion were so made that the plant may be
enlarg-ed upon at any time. Not only
may the amount of machinery be in
creased when demand requires it, but the
buildings themselves can be enlarged
without any change in the original speci
fications.
The power i$ generated by four, large en
gines of the latest pattern. Three of them
have a capacity of 2500 horsepower and
the fourth of 75") horsepower. If required,
the total horsepower of the four engines
can be raided to 12.000. Eight huge boilers
of horsepower each supply the steam.
Petroleum will be used as fuel until the
company can place in. position their new
coal bunkers with a total caoacity of 3000
tone. The coal will be fed to the boilers
by an automatic device.
Work on the building, which was opened
Monday, was commenced on the first day
of December of last year. Wires have
been laid throughout the city since that
time and the system for the. supplying- of
light and power is considered one of the
best. If not the mo?t modern, in the
United States. The trial operation of the
machinery was highly satisfactory and
every wheel in. the immense plant was
running as smoothly as clockwork yester
day.
Those In charj?e-of the new plant are:
A. M. Hunt, manager; Thomas Mirk,
chief engineer, and R. S. Masson, chief
electrician. v
SOME SPLENDID MACHINERY OF NEW* LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY.
NEW ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER
COMPANY'S PLANT IN OPERATION
Machinery Test,
Recently Made,
Proves Highly
Satisfactory.
Electricity- Will Be
Supplied to City
Consumers Very
Soon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ', CALE,'> SUNDAY/ JULY 15, 1900.
30
Commencing MONDAY, Julu 16th, we will
place on sale tne following EXTRAORDINARY
BARGAIN^
Our entire stock of FINE FRENCH WOOL CHALYS, both
prlntel and plain, all this season's Importation and
% all beautiful designs,
Reduced to 50c yard.
3 cases (60 pieces) NEW CAMEL'S-HAIR HOMESPUN
» CHEVIOTS, 54 Indies In width, In 8 different snades
of orau. .
Price $1.00 yard.
Regular value $1.60.
Onr entire stock of choice SCOTCH CHEVIOTS and
MADRAS CLOTHS, In cnecks, stripes and plaids.
Reduced to 8Jo.
Former prices 15c, 20c and 25c.
2 cases NEW FEATHER BOAS (extra aualltn), in grans,
Macks and natural} 38, 45, 54 and 72 Inches In
length,
Prices $7 to $25 each,
500 dozen LADIES' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, all hemstitched, hoth laundered and
c unlaundered, Initialed and embroidered.
Price 15c eacL
NOTE.
Our customers are requested to write for samples of
CHALYS, HOMESPUNS, CHEVIOTS and MADRAS CLOTHS
promptly while the assortment
PrML ~f *y jfi' /
"^ I A(\m VcMF CJ^K Kir *Tjr r^ m\
111, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
The Sultan of Turkey has just built at
Mecca the largest house In the world. It
Is Intended for the accommodation of pil-
grims, and is capable of sheltering 6000
persons. Tci&,i~7'i-
JUXLUIJIIjuO 1 '^ bootblacks, bath-
. . , . houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers canners
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries paper^
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA.WJ BROS^
Brash Manufacturer*. 6OO Sacramsnts St
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
G3O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway, New York City.
Travelers from every portion of tha
globe show their appreciation o! the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters ¦when visiting San
Francisco.
• Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
1875+15=1900
MONDAY- - - July 16, 1900.
SOUVENIR
Edition in Magazine Form as Supplement to th«
DAILY COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Over 100 Pages, Profusely Illustrated, together
with the regular issue, all for 25c. celebrating
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the founding
of the paper. Send In orders to
COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING CO.,
34 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
1875-1-25=1900
fill I" A Completely eradicated with-
II 1 1 sU V out euttin* or • tylnsr. Nc
rll T J\ * cure, no t>ay. • For informa-
I |i.L V tlon address S. F. EECTAI
' INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.-
SCW Wti.TtR.1 hOTEt.
K^^T, A *? ) WASHINGTON* STS.-RE-
" modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
.^ Hk; W to l2 ° mol «n. Free batns: hot
V
, •j»;jng 95$ 'puqaeuiOH 'K "W«« P»«qn !w«bo
jnj 'sviiv 3tn s *8Jins apt:ui-jou*l .ssiP^a
DR. WONG WOO, gS&
Chinese Tea and Herb Eani- I
farium. TC4-TCC Clay st.. San >kC I
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured FL<* 7
exclusively by Chinese herb*. l£»-#L v -
Advlre iTfe. Hour*. 9 to 11 a. Jk^B&t**.
m.. 3 to S. 7 to 9 p. m.
Kan Kranclscc. January 2. IMO %T«^a'-SM^
I had a very eerloas attack of 'tr'^Sft'iiiW^*
consumption and ray feet were po iwollen that
It was with <llfn«iltjr I could walk. The doctor*
In the hospitals could not rive me any relief
for n'pe weeks. I was perauaded to go to the
well -known ChlDeee Doctor. Won* Woo, and
In three months I wu completely cured and In
perfect health, havinc rained 25 pound* la
welfht. I have much pleasure In recommend-
ing him t« any one sufferlnr In any way what.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
2G£ KEARNY STREET,
Dr. McNulty is thoroughly qualified, a
graduate of- long study and practice In
the famous Medical Colleges and - Great
Hospitals of "Philadelphia, Licentiate of
the State Board of Health of Illinois and
by the laws of California. He is prac-
tically indorsed by the Supreme Court of
this State, the honorable Judges having
declared that the evidence of his skill and
ability Is complete, and rendered a de-
cision authorizing him to advertise his
specialty.
Dr. McNulty has been engaged In an
honorable and permanent practice In San
Francisco for many years. His methods
are regular and scientific. He uses no
patent nostrums or. ready made prepara-
tions, but cures the disease by thorough
Medical treatment.
His new Pamphlet on Private Diseases
is free to all men who call or write re-
garding their troubles.
Patients cured at home. Terms reason-
Consultation Free and Sacredly Confi-
dential.
Hours: 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings.
Sundays, 10 to 12.
Call or address —
P. RGSCOE MCNULTY, M. D.,
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Pow-
er, removes Deformities and restores the
Organs to Health. He also cures Dis-
eases caused by Mercury and other Poi-
sonous Drugs used in the Improper treat-
ment of Private Diseases.
The Doctor prevents Consumption,
Heart Disease, Softening of the Brain and
Spine, Insanity and other afflictions
caused by the Errors, Excesses and Dis-
eases of boys and men.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth
and their terrible effects, Loss of Vitality,
Palpitation of the Heart, Loss of Memory,
Despondency and other troubles of Mind
and Body.
He treats Private. Chronic and Nervous
Diseases of Men. He cures Secret Blood
and Skin Diseases, Sore? and Swellings:
Nervous Debility. Impotence and other
Weaknesses of Manhood.
This tvell-kno-wn specialist can always
be consulted at his old offices. 26V^ Kearny
street, where he gives his personal atten-
tion to every case, as he has no partners,
no associates or hired substitutes.
INCORPORATED.
Cor. Kearny Si. & Union-Square Av.
That's how the Trousers are
built.
You "know how strongly rve
build Our Boys' Clothes; suits
that can't be matched for
double this Special Pries: «£tt-
Wool Scotches, including Blues.
These *dll- Wool Suits, includ-
ing a Golf Cap, M0XD.1Y AT
$2.45.
Double Seats
Double Knees
Some *4wfully Swell Scotches
for Boys, aies 3 to 15 years;
Jfew Fall Styles; Bright JVew
Fall Colorings.
Always Showing
the New Stvles
First.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Always
Hustling:
HI WB HrtVB F»ROiVl §*;j
1 45 to 50 T"> A T3Q1 9
IH Dl IL.GO JL—^ JL JL JL X^ h^^/ ui
pjjf All lengths. In oa!c, mahogany and curly red- 0l
|fi wood. All have nickel trimmings. We carry a py
§3>jj| complete stock, ready for immediate shipment i-4
m a We quote positively the lowest prices on the coast jj|3
|? 3 Send Sve cents in stamps for postage on new catalcs. : f,a
I The J.Noonan Furniture Company, Inc., §
IH 1017-1023 Mission Street, Above Sixth, g*,|
g|! PHONE SOUTrj 14. SAN FRANCISCO. |~J
Attention U Invited to a specie! sale of
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
"We hive received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR 'VAGONS. m-lth wire
wheels and with wood hub wheels. These
wagons are a success, and cur stock Is
more complete that ever, at piic«-d ranging
From SI30 Upward.
We show the finest, things built In Pneu-
matic Wacom, and at prices which have
not been equaled heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
STUDBBAKER~BROS. V
Market and Tenth Sis.
L, F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
¦ ' IXXst "
i \p«F
TflElDJfiflLLERY'
PUE£-AEKy^VKDLE5DHE.
Used in tteMe<//caf Departments of the
U.S. ARMY $NAVY Service
Wolff $ co.
; San Francisco, distributors.
Bewart Of tmitatiom or rtfi/ted Bottles.
DR. PIERCE'S "*j£ J^^ Guarant*^
' / * \ to be tiito
K* UO ¦ •
We have belts a'a low as $3. game as other*
sell at much higher prices, but they are 23
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST £
belt that will cure without • nidiclne "n't
fall to pieces In a short time, and which may
%t PIERCE 1^.-" 318 Prlce> you must &*•
NO a V- r Address^ 6111 Sta31I> f ° r " EO °KLET
1 K k SI 'Si ">WlM GGMTINUE 5 i
% S \^fc/^%J» 8 H I • And many, are profiting by the unequalcd Bargains in our CLEAR- mm
H |H [ .ANCE of THIS SEASON'S SHOES, some of which we here men- K|
: LADIES' Chocolate Kid Lace Oxford?, new round toe 0 4 f% ft ||1
H ¦ W. W& IS Dark Brown Kid Lace Boot, new coin toe and tip, chic OF" MM
H| wif Dark Brown Kid Vesting Top Lace Boot, pretty toe flfc rt flC HI
CHILDREN'S Chocolate Kid Lace Vesting Top. wide 0 t f\i% Hg
'•• * coin toe anci tip: spring heel :^* sizes 7 to. ioj4; the VI 18 i| 18
H 738 — 7^o a ee our 'windows for other choice H
M MAR KET <S~T ¦ of fepin§5>/Irjy of the above sent to out- of- |3
If ¦.' *:¦ town folk by payment of postage. .1
ATivTrR-'i T rrHK w "P"N T^ g
- - ->_rxj>jn_in_rT_rxj~o~i-r*>-<-w~^»'»_r^i~»_r't_r't.Walkover §3.50 Shoes.
Opening of the new " "Walkover Shoe
Store Monday in the Baldwin 'Annex.'
Good music. -Drop in and get acquainted
with us/ : C21 Market, 1'. F. Wright,
proprietor. ... -•..... ¦¦ •¦ • •
To-Day's Park Concert.
Following is the programme of music
to be furnished by tho Park Band this
afternoon:
Overture. "EHfa et Claudio" Mercadante
Pacred sen*. "The Better Land" - ".Cowen
Popular melodies Braham
Waltz, "Le Hecit d' Amour" WaMteufel
Fantaale from "La Eoheme" Puccini
Rid* of the Valkyries, love sons and magic
• flre from "rMe Walkure" tt'acnrr
Intermezzo. "I Pasliaccl" Leoncavallo
rnBherian fantasie Ortel
"Arkansas Traveler" N Reeves
March, "In the Surf" .' pun
Citizens Ehould take advantage of this
opportunity and register at once. Offlco
op«n continuously from 8:30 a, m. to 10
p. m. after July 15, 1S00. . •
Begister. Register.
JAMES W. ERWIN, long identified
with the postal service on" the Pa
cific Slope and in this city, will sail
for Manila on the transport Sumner
to-morrow. He goes under instructions
from the Postmaster General and will
make an examination into the affairs of
the postal service of the Philippine Isl
ands. He will be accompanied on the trip
by his daughter, Miss Marjorie Erwin.
While in the newly acquired territory the
inspector will make a number of pictures
for the California Camera Club, of which
he is the president.
Two years ago tha Government Imposed
upon Mr. Krwln the Important commission
of reorganizing the postal service in Cuba;
Before he returned to San Francisco, six
months later, the. BVBtein for transmission
and collection of rncll- on tho little island
was- perfect; ¦¦ His -success, in this as well
&&¦ other welirhtr'mlssiona' highly . recom-
The- Inspector's hobby . Is photography.
He Is ptesldent of the California Camera
Club and. will go to the Philippines fully
equipped ; to supply the club with some
excellent views. Arrangements have been
made by that organization and a number
cf' the departing Inspector's friends to
accompany the transport out of the bay.'
The trip will be made on Ihe stearnor
Jam<»8 M. Donahue. That boat will leave
the San, Francisco and. North. Pacific Kail.
; way '»¦ ferry 5 slip at '11:80 to-morrow morn-
Ins, -4 , ¦ ¦¦ • < .; ¦••-':. • .
mended him as the proper person to estab
lish and: perfect a service in the Pacific
possessions.
Mr. Erwin entered the postal service in
Boston .thirteen years ago. He was soon
sent to California, and until the first day
of the'present, month has served as Post
office "Inspector for the Pacific. Coast. On
July 1 he was, appointed Assistant General
Superintendent of' the free delivery sys
tem and has had under • his supervision
the entire carrier service of the coast. .
Mrs. Bridget Cecilia Dunne, relict of tha
late P. F. Dunne and mother of Peter J.,
James P., Thomas E. and Superior Judge
Frank H. Dunne, died yesterday at her
home. 1157. Leavenworth street. Deceased
was a- native, of County Cavan, Ireland,
aged 65 years.
In the passing of Ma Dunne San Fran
cisco loses one of Its best women. Mrs.
Dunne was extremely devout and waa
weil known for her charity and many
other noble traits. The funeral will tako
place to-morrow at 9:30 a. m. from the
residence, thence to St. Brlgid's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass win
be celebrated. The interment will tx» at
ilount Caivaxv Cemeiarv.
cisco's Most Devout and Char
itable Women.
Passing Away of One of San IPran-
MRS. BRIDGET C. DUNNE
DIES AT HER RESIDENCE
JAMES W. EBWIN, TRUST ED POSTOFFICE " OFFICIAL.
nounced Is that of A/ B. C. Dohrmann and
Miss Edith Louise Blen.
The fair young bride-to-be is the daugh
ter of Louis Bien of the firm of Murphy,
Grant & Co. She is charming and accom
plished and excels as a musician, especial
ly as a pianiste. Mr. Dohrmann is the eld
est son- of F. "W. Dohrmann and Is the
ticasurcr of Nathan." I^ohrnjfcnn & Co.
No date- for the 'wedding -has yet been
set. but It will probably take place in the
near future. . .
Bien Announced.
An interesting engagement just an-
Engagement of A. B. C.
Dohrmann and Miss
HIS FIANCEE
IS A PIANISTE
Senator Daniel's visit to the Pacific
Coast is mainly for pleasure and partly
for the purpose of sizing: up the political
situation from a Democratic standpoint.
UNITED STATES SENATOR JOHN
WARWICK DANIEL of Virginia
arrived yesterday from the East
and is registered at the Occidental
Hotel. Senator Daniel is a distinguished
statesman and lawyer and an orator of
the first rank. He has been In politics
since 1863 and served several, terms in the
Legislature of his native State. He waj
elected to the Federal Senate to succeed
General Mahone and has been kept there
ever since.
Senator Daniel served during the war
under the Confederate • generals "Stone
wall" Jackson and Jubal Early. He was
major and adjutant general under Early
at the Battle of the Wilderness, where ha
was crippled for life.
TO EXAMINE POSTAL
AFFAIRS AT MANILA
A case of considerable interest to labor
organizations was decided by Judpe Frita
yesterday. L. Jacoby and others were ar
rested some time ago for carrying banners
in front of a cloak house on Market street
where there was a lockout.
The ordinance under which the arrests
were made make3 it a misdemeanor "to
appear on the streets of the city and,
county of San Francisco carrying ban
ners, boards or placards with advertise
ments; provided, the provisions of this
section shall not apply to notices or ad
vertisements by labor, fraternal or chari
table organizations of their meetings, acts
or other affairs."
It was contended for the defendants that
the ordinance was unconstitutional and
void, as by excepting labor, fraternal or
charitable organizations it Introduced
class legislation. The Judge was there
upon asked to decide whether, the proviso
clause beinp void, the remainder of the or
dinance should stand alone or fall with the
proviso, and the whole ordinance be de
clared unconstitutional and void.
The Judge decided yesterday that the
whole ordinance was unconstitutional and
void. He said: "The court beiieves In this
case that it was the Intention of the Su
pervisors to exempt labor and other or
ganizations from the penalty Imposed by
this act. and that that, body would not
have passed or approved this ordinance
were it to operate against these organiza
tions. Therefore, the prov'so being admit
tedly unconstitutional and void, carries
with it the entire act."
The cases woro therefore dismissed.
Decision by Judge Fritz of Consider
able Interest to Labor Organ
izations.
ORDINANCE IS DECLARED
TO BE UNCONSTITUTIONAL
8. M. Shortridge was then Introduced
Address by S. M. Shortrldg-o.
Our »-our.try is to-<Iay resplendent with
beauty anil J.<y. There onmn to us tbe c-choes
of the nuntlwii exposition. Paris has sur
passed hervelf In the elegance of her structures.
Our artistic puperinrity has always been ac
knowledged. The Arr.f-ricans felloe c.1pj»« after
us. for which we rejoice, but in. us hope that
we Fhall remain in t'.e lead, without exciting
tr^ir Jealousy, for they have enough other ma
tJ>-l and intellectual urar.deur.
\Ii!e. Julie Cotte sar.j? "Salut a la
France" from "Fiile de Regiment." in cos
tume, and was rornpelled to respond to
an encore. A. Itoncovleri rendered a
barytone solo.
Ah. ir.y dear compatriots, we celebrate the
memory of lieroe* who nearly all lost their
live* for the triumph of tholr principles. Their
deeds were pub'.lme; their words reached a
height cf inspiration unknown until then.
It 1» for our colony the great day of the
year, a day which infpir*-is our most noble
thoughts. I>t others celebrate bloody victo
ries, conquests where there has been commit
ted the crime of t-laiurhterlng hunun beings
and where the germ* of poclal progress have
been destroyoc; Frar.ee ha« lirtened only to
generous sentiment*, to noble aspirations. In
choosing to celebrate t!ii« day. on which our
rather* foujrht. not fcr themselves, but for hu
tr-anlty. -and on wSich they inaugurated the
era of civil ri;hts. of liberty, of conscience and
of equality before the iaw.
I feel a rroTcrtJnd »ense of the honor which
you have conferred upon me in calling me to
pr*«l<3e over this ceremony, to which you have
cr.me la great numbers, to celebrate the Four
teenth of July. This is a date that recalls
one of th': riiost irr.i»ort£nt events in our his
tory and toward which turn the thoughts of all
men who enjoy liberty or xitrh to attain It.
President Dupas' Address.
J. M. Dupas. president of the day, de-
Dvcxed the opr-nlns- address in French,
following is a translation of a part of his
remark"'
Paul Autoine. Vice Consul of France.
honorary president; J. M. Dupas, presi
dent of the day; S. J. Brun. first vice pres
ident; P. Utik-gnrde, second vice presi
dent: J. S. Oodeau, treasurer; A. B.
Kichct, secretary-
The eftrrnoon exercises were in charge
of a committee, the officers of which
were:
THE one hundred and eleventh anni
versary of tho Fall of the Bastlle
was celebrated yesterday at the
Chutes. Among the French rcsl-
Benta of San Francisco the day was given
to . ~r to the commemoration of the event
5that marked tho dawn of liberty in
France.
Literary and musical exercises In the
t>avillon, which was well filled, occupied
The afternoon. Tricolor was everywhere
in evidence, and the gayety was typical of
the gTeat anniversary and the people that
celebrated it. At night there was an elab
orate exhibition of fireworks, including
'a naval battle on the lake; a concert by
the Chut<*s band, and the grand ball in
tho pavilion, the merriest feature of the
entire joyful fete.
This is the second fire from which the
Standard Company has suffered. The first
destroyed the factory when it was located
at 839 and S43 Folsom street and took pla~e
Tuesday, June 6. 1S37. In the loss of hu
man life this was one of the most dread
ful events of the kind m San Francisco' »
history. • ¦¦ --¦•
ThrM tir.moti wnra killed baneath a. faoJ-
The loss of the Biscuit Company will
approximate $30,000. The other concerns
will suffer a loss of several thousand dol
lars each from water. The building ia
owned by the Fair estate, and the dam
age will amount to $25,000.
The firemen worked like Trojans and
soon had a dozen streams playing on the
flames, while tons-of water were being
poured into the building by the water
tower and a standplpe located on the top
of a big building on Pacific street, but
even this immense volume of water had
no perceptible effect on the fire, which
seemed to gather force and headway in
spite of the utmost efforts of the fire
fighters. At 2 a. m. the fire was under
control.
The building was divided into three sec
tions by firewalls and that fact alone pre
vented its total destruction. The fire was
confined to the building occupied by the
Standard Biscuit Company. The center of
the building is occupied by the Florinton
Pulp and Paper Company and the Crowa
Paper Company, while the further end of
the building is occupied by the Gulf Bay
Company and the Saroni candy factory
The fire started in the oven room of the
biscuit factory, on the second story, and
spread ' with amazing rapidity. The bis
cuit factory was soon a seething furnace
but the fire walls saved the rest of the
structure.
The five-story brick building occupied
by the Standard biscuit factory and sev
eral other concerns at the northwest cor
ner of Pacific and Front streets was par
tially destroyed by fire which broke
out a few minutes before 1 o'clock this
morning. The fire was discovered by Po
liceman Buckley, who saw flames issu
ing from the windows of the second story,
and turned in an alarm from box 354, at
the corner of Front and Broadway. The
fire apparatus responded promptly, but
it was at once seen that the small force of
three engines was totally unable to cope
with the conflagration and two more
alarms were turned in. bringing reinforce
ments of a dozen additional engines, sev
eral hook and ladder trucks and water
towers. By this tlma the flames were
spreading- with startling rapaidity and
one end of the structure occupied by the
biscuit company was a roaring furnance.
Gulf Bag Factory and Saroni Candy
Factory, Which Occupied Spaca
in the Structure, Also
Victims.
Five-Story Brick Building
at Pacific and Front
Streets Burned. e
FIRE DESTROYS
THE STANDARD
BISCUIT WORKS
ing wall. They were John iloholy, en
gineer of No. 6 chemical: Timothy Hallt
nan. driver of truck Xo. 1. and Frank
Keller, extra man of chemical No. 6.
Mrs. Ellen McGrath of 127 Shipley street
was badly Injured by bein?r trampled oa
by the crowd after being knocked down
by two hurrying firemen.
About twenty firemen on the roof had a
miraculous escape from death when tho
wall fell. It was this fire that rendered
the Southern police station unfit for use.
The loss in this instance reached SG8.00O
on the building and $43,000 on the machin
ery. The total insurance was SoO.OGO. Tho
fire broke out mysteriously in the third
story at the rear. „
The Standard Biscuit Company was in
corporated in ISM with the following ofll
ce»"s: President and manager. Phil I. Ja
coby: secretary. Julius Brownstein: vice
president. Kaspar Cohn of Los Angeles;
superintendent. Henry F. Drew; director,
Sam Jacoby. The principal shareholders
were Phil I. Jacoby and Julius Brown
steln. • • ->•:.._;'
Sarah B. Melone. owner of Woodward's
Pavilion, began suit In the Justices' Court
yesterday against the Columbia Athletic
Club. Daniel P. Crowley and others to re
cover the sum of $250 for rent ¦which the
latter contracted to pay for the building
during June.
Wants Rent From Columbia Club.
over the attitude of Buckingham and
threatened to throw the latter out of the
room. Mr. Buckingham firmly persisted
!n his declaration that the committee had
a right to inquire whether signatures to
the protest' were forged or genuine.
The fight in the Forty-third is not set
tled. There will be a hot time at the pri
mary election in thedistrict.
The committee of arrangements consists
of P. Prudhomme. Herman Richter, Ju
lian Hermelin, Peter Magendie, Richard
Landry and I. Mirandctti.
To-night appropriate* literary exercises
were held. Amaury Mars, representing
the French press of California, delivered
an address in French and William H.
Johnson of this city spoke In English.
To-morrow there will be a barbecue and
dancing in the afternoon and evening. At
10 p. m. the tombola prizes will be distrib
uted, after which the celebration will
come to a close with a brilliant display
of fireworks.
SAN JOSE, July 14.— Games, music and
dancing ushered in the two days' celebra
tion of the anniversary of the fall of the
Bastile by the French residents of this
city at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The new
Willow Park, on the corner of Keyes and
Whitney streets, which is the scene of
the festivities is very gayly decorated,
streamers of bunting and the American
and French flags being everywhere in
evidence. . •
French at San Jose Celebration.
Over 15.000 people passed through the
gates last night. The fireworks exhibi
tion began at 9:30 o'clock and Included
many elaborate set pieces, among them
being a representation of the Bastile. The
Chutes band played the French and Amer
ican national airs during the exhibition. *
The ball In the Pavilion began at II
o'clock. Dancing was to continue all
night and the concessions were to remain
open until 6 o'clock. The crowd after
midnight was largely increased and the
celebration grew very hilarious during
the small hours, as do all affairs of that
character.
Great Crowd at the Chutes.
The exercises •were closed by the singing
of the "Marseillaise" by Mme. Lucie Fich
ter, the audience joining in the chorus.
To have the right of liberty it is not on!y
necessary to have the love of liberty in one's
heart, but it i* necessary also to deserve it,
to know how to use it and to defend it. The
task is a long one. but a day comes wh<?n
the vl^er of the tree asserts itself and it
expands in ail its force. That day. I believe,
has come for France, and she can now apply
her marvelous activity to works of peace which
are the triumph of her spirit and which to-day
command the admiration of the whole world.
After speaking at length of the exposi
tion as setting forth the wonderful prog
ress of the French under the republic,
the speaker continued:
. The French colony of Fan Francisco ha*
gathered in Imposing celebration of the na
tional traditions which unite all. Frenchmen In
an outburst . or • patriotism.- and ¦ which stir
heart* to the remotest hills of France and: to
the farthest confines cf the world, wherever
a group o£ Frenchmen is gathered.
France and Liberty.
The principal address was given by P.
A. Bergerot. in French. Following Is a
portion of it:
and delivered an address in English. He
said:
' Everywhere to-day on th» rolling earth,
where there is a man or woman who loves lib
erty and who believes In coriFtttutional g-overn
ment. there arises the hop* that the splendid
republic of France may live and triumph for
ever more.
The Bastile ?tood as a symbol of despotism.
The people rose up and 6wept it off th» face of
the earth. The destruction of that prison
marked the beginning of the great revolution
from which France emerged to stand resplen
dent and beautiful, the republic of to-day.
Long may that republic lite, a lig-ht and an
inspiration to all the sons of men.
Mme. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel sang the
"Star-Spangled Banner." G. and A. Mc
fret gave a duet on barytone and cornet.
SENATOR DANIEL
OF VIRGINIA HERE
A Statesman and Soldier on
a Visit to the Pacific
Coast.
FEATURES OF THE BIG~ FRENCH FETE AT THE CHUTES.
TWO Nome steamers were In evidence
in the bay yesterday. Strange to
say, one vessel brought home about
fifty disgusted gold hunters, while
the other took away about an equal num
ber of men who are eager to try their
luck in the fever and smallpox-infected
camps spread out between St. Michael
and Cape York.
Every vessel from the far north brings
news -of deaths and lawlessness, and it
seems incredible that at this late day in
the season a steamer should take away
fifty men and women prepared for a win
ter in the frozen north.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul sailed from Freemont-street ..wharf
nt 2 p.m. sharp, while the San Jose, un
der charter to the same concern, was
moving up to take the vacated berth. The
8M Paul was loaded down with freight.
Every inch of space was taken up in the
hold, while on deck lumber and perisha
ble goods were piled higher than the rail
ing. • Fifty men and women took passage
on the ex-transport and all of them are
prepared to remain on the ground until
next spring. Captain Hayes expects to
make a quick run north and will only
stop at Unalaska for coal. The vessel is
fully provisioned, as an exodus is expect
ed as soon as the season closes.
The San Jose brought twenty-eight
cabin and thirty-one second cabin pas
sengers . from Cape Nome. Many of
theee were women who could not stand
tho rigors of the camp and who were glad
The San Jose left St. Michael on July 2
and Unalaska on July t>. She brought
down $150,000 in gold dust, mostly from
Dawson. and 210 bundles of whalebonr.
besides packages of ivcry from the fleet
of whalers that reports from the north.
The catch of the whaling fleet is compar
atively small. The Bowhead had on<»
whate. the Belvldere one, the Jeanetto
had not caught any. nor had the Alexan
der. The Beluga and Karluk had one be
.tween them. In pert at Dutch Harbor
were the Hero, Ranier, Lawton and
Perry.
The San Jose brines the news that the
notorious Wyatt Earp had been shot, but
not fatally wounded, on June 23. Ha
pulled a gun on a man in a saloon, but
the latter was too quick and Earp re
ceived a bullet in his body. The news o{
the shooting comes from ex-Coroner E. E.
Hill, who went north on the San Jose.
The chances are that the St. Paul will
be the last steamer to take passengers to
the frozen north. Everybody who has the
necessary funds will ¦want to come home
and the rush will now bo to San Fran
cisco and the Sound.
than they were to get there. Many went
with just enough, money to pay a few
days' board. They are now broke and
will gr> to any straits to get enough to
eat. While martial law ia in a. way a,
success, there is a feeling growing that
augurs bad for the future. When wo left
It was apparent that people were getting
ready to do as they pleased, whether it
was with the sanction of the officials or
otherwise."
"Nome will be a scene of desolation and.
death soon. Sanitary conditions are ag- !
gravated by carelessness and sickness Is
rampant. When I left smallpox and ma
larial fevers were almost epidemic.
There were thirteen cases of smallpox
within a week. The country is all right
for a few' thousands, but 20.000 people will :
be stampeding out soon in a bigger hurry '
Among those who came back on the
San Jose from the gold fields are: Mrs.
Annie Marshall. Mrs. Flora "Whiteside.
Mrs. A. B. Kendelberger. Mrs. G. Rambo,
Miss Marjorie Rambo. W. H. Cowell. M.
D. Danaher, W. D. Morse, J. L. Waner,
B. Everett. C. R. Wood, N. G. Brown,
James Corcoran. !W« H. Dolan. Charles H.
Maas. Mrs. Schroeder, Mrs. Lang, A. "W.
Johnson, F. J. Hicks.. C. T. Hitchcock.
Charle3 A. Xeld. Louis Dubost. John
Hageman. C. S. Delorme. Mrs. C. S. De
lorme. Ed Scott. J. W. Berg and H. W.
Berg. One of these passengers yesterday
said:
to get home at any price. Among them
was Mrs. Flora Whiteside. who brings
home the remains of her husband. Cap
tain Whiteside died of typhoid fever, and
hundreds more of the fortune hunters
were down with the disease when the
San Jose sailed. There were twenty
seven cases of smallpox, and the sanitary
condition of every camp on the beach i3
said to be very bad. sAH this news is only
a repetition of what was published in The
Call several weeks ago. The statement
was then poohpoohed, but now the facts
that are coming in proves that half the
story is not let told.
STEAMER SAN JOSE ARRIVING FROM AND ST. PAUIi DEPARTING TOR CAPE NOME.
French National Holiday Observed at the. Chub
With Eloquence of Orators, Strains of Patriotic
Music and the Gayety of the Dance.
¦ Major Bettis and Thomas K. Kase made
closing statements. Boyne grew Indignant
It was his recollection that Boyne. Hart,
Mayer and their followers did not enter
the hall until nearly 9 o'clock. The gpne
ral testified that there were probably
ninety persons present. He thought the
announcement of 246 votes was a bluff.
J,ater in the evening Mr. Curry denied
that he made such announcement. An
other member of the regular club con
fessed that he was the author of the an
nouncement.
G?neral "Warfield was the chief witness
for the regulars. He testified that County
Committeeman Curry called the meeting
to order at 8:04 by General Backus' watch';
that a long speech nominating Major Bet
tis for president was made; that other
officers were put in nomination; trat tel
lers were appointed to receive the ballots;
th.it the roil was called . and every en
rolled member present had the opportun.ty
to votf:.
Several witn-?s?es testified that tho roll
was not failed, and that the result of the
election, was declared wit'.iin fifteen mlii
utes after «he time the meeting was callea
to order.
At the outset each side was permitted
to read an opening statement. After in;
reading witnesses were called. On motion
of Augustus Tilden the investigation was
limited and confined to the validity of the
election In *he Forty-third District Club.
The protesting party's witnesses were
first called. Dawson Mayer, I. Linder
man, George J. Boyne, J. D. Hart and
John Scott testified that less than (eighty
men were at the hall when the official
club was organized and yet Curry dt-'
clared that 246 ballots had been cast. All
these witnesses testified that 120 or more
enrolled Republicans were deprived of the
privilege of voting. • •
They also testified that Major Bettis de
clared a motion to adjourn carried when
there was an overwhelming vote against
adjournment.
J. H. Harding, who is a hotel-keeper at
SS'J Pine street, testified that his signature
to the protest was forged.
General II. II. Warneld and Thomas K.
Kaee exchanged remarks with some as
perity. The general did not fancy tho
loud tone of the Kase voice. Kase was
not slow In reminding the general that
the voice was addressed to the commiUae
and not to the witness.
While the committee was In session
high words passed bt-tween Aurelius k*.
Bucklngnam and Thomas J-C. Kase. *»Jn
this dispute Mr. Boyne participated. I. J.
Truman Jr., chairman of the executive
committee, used his influence to subdue
the wrath of the disputants. Several
members advised Major Bettis to becalm
and not use the term "forgery" with so
much emphasis.
There, vvas u great deal of testimony
submitted on each side.' Major Bettis and
County Committeenian Curry conducted
the case for the olticial or regular club.
Thomas K. Kase and County Committee
man Hoynt managed affairs for the con
testants. The fact was disclosed that
four of the thirty-one signatures attach
ed to the protest were ,not srenulne. One
clear caso of forgery war. developed.
The session' of the committee to which
the disputo was referred began shortly
after 8 o'clock last evening and did not
terminate until midnight. Several exclt
ins Incidents occurred and fistic' en
counters seemed Imminent. , George J.
Boyne and Dawson Mayer were on the
war path af tor the meeting adjourned and
threatened to - exterminate several
partisans of J. J. Curry.
Last evening the executive committee
and' advisory board of j the Republican
County Committee disposed of the pro
test In the Forty-third Assembly district.
A motion that the protest be not sustained
was carried almost unanimously. The re
sult of the action Is the endorsement of
the club of which Major F.*A. Bettls la
president and General R. H. Warfield vice
president. This club was organized ' at
California Hall on the evening of July 9.
Just before the vote on the election of of^
fleers was proclaimed on that evening,
the followers of George J.' Boyne/ Daw
son Mayer and others entered "-the hall,
organized a meeting of their own, and
elected J. D. Hart president..
Investigation by the Executive Com
.. mittee — Followers of Boyne and
Mayer. Fail to Sustain;
Their Protest.
Charges of Fraud and For
gery in 43d District Re-
publican Politics.
REGULARS WIN
IN A LONG AND
STORMY SESSION
ANNIVERSARY OF THE FALL
OF THE BASTILE CELEBRATED
; Pages 31 to 40 1
Pap 31 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
Typhoid and Smallpox Are Playing Havoc Among*
the Camps Between St. Michael and Cape York,
While the Yellow Metal Is Scarce.
NEWS FROM NOME GOLDFIELDS
OF A DISCOURAGING NATURE
w I
1 tah^P 1^ B \ V ? km Jm* ' * J^^r* \*m r^T
JOHN WARWICK DANIEL.
»
n
Tim*
Ft -
H Wj
ITlme 1
jPt.
Time)
Ft.
S TV
(Time;
III Wi
is ...
i« ...
17 ...
IS ...
. 0:43] 5.4:
. 1:45! S.I!
. I:5ll 4.Ti
. 4 -Oil 4.3'
' T:a«f
, 8:CI
1 9:3T
sf : ¦•• s.
1 3:lTj B,
« 4:13' 5.
I 7:43! 2.1
I 8:43! 1.7
1 »:S1 1.3
! 11:01 O.»
13 ...
70 ...
. 0:11! 0.5!
!H W
! «:t$;
!h w
: «:ft3: «.»
J l:ls. Q.Q:
8:0S
zi ...
.' *£:•¦• «.
Steamer.
From. I Due.
Orizaba
Mattrawan .
i
..!Hu:
..!Tac
imboldt | July 1
ftiraj July 1
Willamette .
Jsn
lttle jJuly l
Bonlta
.Hfy
wport ijuly 1
Walla Waili
Belgian Kini
a...
tar..
" t^ J * »¦ tf vM/ A
-torla A Puc«t Sound Juty 1
ina ar.1 Japan |Ju!y 1
st^r Harbor July 1
I V.nHr*
ma ana Japan Ju:y ]
A by- Ips
Australia ...
..'Hai
..!Hol
ir.ihtirg 'Ju!y 1
-!• :¦:; j 'July 1
»ttle _.|Ju!y 1
Eureka
Tfllus
«t>>r Harfccr 'July i
»anta Rosa..
Kmptre .....
Wardeld ...
..'San
..'Coo
.:o>j
n Dl'go iJuly 1
o» Bav IJuly i
.<>t»r Harbor [July 1
Aitec '.
r.JNai
!>
Crescent Cit:
:>
Ptat* of Cal
:¦>
Wa?hteraw
cmm 'July 1
-, »
Pr;i(frpso ....
w lorn Juiy ;¦
Coos Bay...
Areata
is Bay jJuly t
l-'oint Arena
tnt Arfn» 'July '
I'n-aMI1« .
rTnrin . . 'Jnlv "
i iratuia ....
Del Norte...
North Fork.
imboldt 'July 2
•>trr Karbor Uulv 2
Steamer, j Destination.
. i Sails. I Pier
I
Arcata (Coos Ray
City PueblaiVic & Prt Sd
_l f
..IJuTy 15. i:mP!fr
l.iJulr 1">. 11 ami Pier
Eureka IHumboldt
..iJuly 13. 9am!Pi#r
13
Nowburg ..! Grays Harbo:
North I"ork:Huinboldt
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Corona .... San Di**o —
Columbia .. Portland
Orizaba ..JHumboldt
Xewport ...IN. Y. v. Pan.
Bonita .'....San Pe<1rr>.
City Janeiro China &Japan
Santa Rnsa San Dl»go
Walla W..|Vtetori*
r July 16. 5 pm.Pler
.Uuly 11. >: mi Pier
JJulr 3*. - prciPler
..Julr 18. 11am Pier
.'Julr 1?. Ham Pl?r
.'Julr IT. S pmiPlcr
.i-Tuly is. 12 m!PM*
.(July 19, 9 am;PI»r
a r july 15. 1 pm|PM3;
. IJuly 20. 9 am 1 Pier
.iJuly 50. 11 am:Pler
i.
|j
;
a
ii
5
ti
>
i
I
9
Practice sometimes makes a perfect
nuisance. .The flrst mill, that of Willie Cole and
Tommy Cox was the best preliminary
seen in this city for many years. Cole had
a number of friends before the fight and
to-day his tacking Is by no means re
duced. His plucky battle won him a host
of admirers. The mutuels paid well on
Cox, J14 being obtained on the last line.
In the Neill-Moffatt fight the biggest
money was placed on Nelll to win from
the seventeenth to the twentieth round.
The mutuels paid $8 on the last line. (Jor
bett handled about ?20,C00 on the two
fights.
The fight promoters are out looking for
a man to match with Moffatt. Fighting
will soon be something: that has been In
Nerv York, and then the stream of pugi
lists will move westward. Tommy Ryan
and Jack Root are among those men
tioned. MofTatfs great Improvement since
his first fight with Neill has raised him
In the estimation of rinpr-poink people and
It is generally thought that he will make
rapid strides toward the top.
In tbe fifth round Moffatt landed heav
ily on NeiU's head, hurting his wrist. He
claims that this is the reason he did not
use his left with more telling effect. While
fighting in New York last year Moffatt
broke a bone In his wrist, and though en
tirely mended -it needs the best of care.
Surprise \ras expressed yesterday by
many that Xoill could recover sufficient
strength to make a whirlwind finish. He
showed that he was In good training and
he fought with eamenesa.
The receipts of the prize-fight were
$5000. Moffatt's share amounts to M7Q0.
Nelll receiving J300. Moffatt was on the
street yesterday, and with the exception
of a badly puffed wrist appeared none
the worse for hia mill. Neill was sick
Friday night after the fight and was very
sore yesterday on account or the heavy
body beating he received.
FIGHT PROMOTERS WANT
MAN TO MEET MOFFATT
The Fresno Rate Case to Be Brought
Up Under New Phase To-
Morrow.
Deputy Attorney General William M.
Abbott is preparing affidavits which he
will present to Superior Judge Bahrs to
morrow which will make It necessary for
the Judge to cite the Southern Pacific
Company to show cause why It should
not be punished for contempt of court in
the Fresno rate case matter.
Yesterday Mr. Abbott went to the rail
road office and demanded a ticket to
Fresno, offering the sum of $3 75. Mr.
LIppman, to whom the application was
made, refused to sell a ticket for thH
sum, and on this refusal Mr. Abfoott will
have - the heads of the railroad brought
into court to show cause why they should
not be punished for contempt.
RAILROAD COMPANY TO
BE CITED FOR CONTEMPT
Can.ad.ian Tennis Champions.
MAUAltA ON THK LAKE, Ont., July
14.— The Canadian tennis championships
were all decided to-day. The single eham
pk.nship was won this morning by M. D.
Whitman, the double championship by
Fisher and Hackett and the ladles' sin
gles l>y Miss Summer Hayes of Toronto.
Whitman Rstains Championship.
NIAGARA ON THE LAKE, July 14.
M. D. Whitman of Harvard successfully
defended his championship in the Cana
dian tennis tournament to-day, winning a
bard live-M-t match from \V. A. LarneJ
cf Summit. Score, fc— 6. 4—6. 6—3, 1—6, 7—5.
University Cricket Match.
LONDON', July 14.— In the cricket match
between Eton and Harrow at Lords to
day Harrow was all out in its flrst innings
for 3SS runs. Eton, in its fir«t innings yes
terday, scort-d 294 runs. Kton Jn Its sec
or.ii Innings was all out for 215 runs.
Swimming Championship.
I-OXDOX, July It— J. A. Jarvis won the
long distance swimming championship
event in the Kew-Putney district to-day,
Fwiraming five miles and sixty yards In
one hour four minutes and seventeen sec
ends.
COLLUSION SHE SAYS
SECURED HER DIVORCE
Mrs. Alice M- M. Fuller, well known
among local pianists, who resides at 2387
Post street, has come Into court with th«
demand that a decree of divorce granted
her from her husband. W. W. Fuller, be
set aside on the ground that collusion ex
isted between them and that hence aha
procured the decree illegally. Attorney
Robert Ach is charged with being a party
to the collusion. Mrs. Fuller says h*
rushed the divorce proceedings through
before Judge MurasXy on February IS
last. Since then she has regretted her
part In the matter and now seeks to set
aside the decree.
Mr. and Mrs. Fuller were married la
Shanghai December 21. 1S33- Four years
later they came to this city, where their
son, Wilfred R. Fuller, was born. Subse
quently their relations became strained,
and Mrs. Fuller says her husband de
manded that she consent to a divorce.
She resisted for a time, she continues
in her affidavit, but finally, when her hua
band threatened to leave her penniless,
she consented, and at her husband's re-'
quest called on Attorney Ach. who flleil
her complaint for divorce. Attorney AcJt
and Mr. Fuller, in counter affidavits, deny
Mrs. Fuller's assertions, and Fuller, who
is married again, says his wife has filed,
the present suit for the sole purpose of
harassing him. .udge Murasky will
hear the case this week.
MICHAEL BEATS McFABLAND.
"Welsh Rarebit" Has the Better
Luck in the Twenty Mile Kace.
NEW YORK. July 14.— In the presence
of 70W spectators, with scarcely a breeze
to interfere with the riders, Jimmy
Michael defeated Floyd McFarland of San
Jose, California, in a twenty-mile motor
paced race at the Manhattan Beach track
this afternoon. Ho also clipped 21 2-5 sec
onds off the track record for tho distance
The conditions of the race were that if
an accident occurred to either rider or his
pacemakers during the first mile, the men
were to be recalled and the race started
anew. This saved Michael from defeat
by a narrow margin. Michael maintained
his lead for one lap on the first attempt,
but was then passed by McFarland, who
led bv about live yeards corning down the
stretch for the finish of the first mile, lie
fore the latter had reached the tape, how
ever, Michael signaled to the judges that
his motor had broken a chain and he was
just In time to save himself from, haying
to continue the race as best he could.
A new machine was brought out and
Michael, who had won the pole position,
was the tirst to be picked up. He got In
behind his pace witnln the first hundred
yards, with McKarlund right behtnd him.
The Californian caught up on the back
stretch and led by about ten yards dur
ing the first mile, lie increased this to
twenty-live yards on the second milts.
Michael's pacers worked like beavers and
got abreast of the leader twice during the
third mile, but could not pass him.
McFarland. during the sixth mile, was
nearly seventy yards to tho good. Just
then Michaels new machine was seen
coming oh the track again and in a couple
laps more Michael was in behind and at
the beginning of the eighth mile he was
on even terms with the leader. Mile after
mile was traversed with lightning speed.
At no time during the next six miles did
Michael allow the front wheel of his pac
ing machine to be more thun a few yards
behind the rear wheel of McFarland.
At the end of the twelfth mile, the
track record was lowered by 1 3-5 seconds,
but at the end of the thirteenth they were
3-."> second behind the record. In the
fourteenth mile Michael gradually drew
up to McFarland. and on the back
stretch in the second lap of the fourteenth
mile he passed the Californian. while the
spectators on the stands and In the In
tield were frantic with delight. Michael
soon gained about thirty yards on his op
ponent, who was still going very evenly.
Once more the "express" got out of
order when Michael was in the lead by
about forty yards. This was in the fif
teenth mile. Fortunately, his second
machine was near at hiind. In making
tho change he lost scarcely a dozen yards.
Two laps later McFarland had a streak
of bad luck. His motor, which had been
going continuously from tha startoff, was
rendered, useless by the snapping of a
chain and the bursting of a rear tire.
The western cyclist never stopped, but
Michael gained a lap and a quarter on
his rival and from that point the race was
Michael's. All interest in the race was
now at an end. as It was seen that Mc-
Farland could not win. and Michael lin
lshed the twentieth mile In 34:36 3-5, lead
ing McFarland by about 750 yards*
First Money for Nelson.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 14.— John
Nelson of Chicago won the six days'
"Golden Wheel" medal race at Charles
Park track, making 3D1 miles 790 yards:
Pierce second, 3S9 miles 108 yards: Stlnson
tblrd, 376 miles 1574 yards; Miller fourth,
357 miles 1650 yards. The men rode two
hours each day, the event ending at 10
o'clock to-night- ' . . ._
Amateur Athletes Meet
The Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Association held Its regular
monthly meeting on Friday evening in this
citv T Sands was accepted by tbe board
of "managers as a delegate froim the Pio
neer Rowing Club in place of AL J. Cal
nan. who has left San Francisco. It was
announced that the managers of Tanforan
Park had written to the directors of the
Olympic Club offering handsome prizes for
a track and field meet, to be held about
the end of September under the .auspices
of the Olympic Club, the events to b« open
to all amateur athletes.
HARDY BEATEN
BY COLLINS IN
TENNIS FINAL
Brilliant Contest Lost to the
Californian by Close
Score.
By S/\/V\ F\ H/\RDY.
CHICAGO, July It.— The finals In singles
in the Western lawn tennis championship
were played to-day before a large audi
ence. Krelgh Collins, who has twice held
the title, succeeded in gaining it again to
day, but only after as long and as brilliant
a match as ever was Fecn on the Kenwood
courts. Sumner Hardy of California, who
received the second prize in the tourna-'
ment, crowded Collins to his limit physi
cally, and the match belonged to either
player to the very last point of the fifth
set. ¦ —-
Hardy won the toss and took the Bide
favored by the wind. Both men started a
rushing game, following their services to
the net. Hardy passed Collins ' rather
freely, and he soon came in only on his
first service. Hardy ran the set to 5—2
quickly, almost before the sympathizers
of the local man realized the match had
begun. Collins then took, two more games,
but the first 3ct went to Hardy, 6—4.
The next set showed much the same
style of play, both men trying for clean
passes on the return of service, so that
there were few long rallies. This set went
to Collins by the same score with which
Hardy took the flrst.
The third set v/as the decisive one of the
match. Hardv ran the score to 5 — 2 and
40—15, but Collins by steady play pulled
up until he al«o had the set within a point
at 0-5 and 40 — 15. Hardy kept his nerve
and won the set. &— 7.
Both men bogan to show signs of ex
haustion, but took their seven minutes*
rest and a rubdown and went at it again.
This time the set went to Collins by a
score of 6—3. This made the match two
sets all, and the crowd was wildly enthu
siastic.
The men had another seven-minute rest
and they started in on the deciding set.
The sun and h»»at seemed to tell on Hardy
more than on the local man. and there is
every reason to bolieve that had Hardy
been acclimated his game would have been
stronger toward the end of the match,
but what he lacked In strength he made
up in nerve, and thp games ran evenly
until four-all was reached, each man win
ning his service. Here Hardy lost his ser
vice on the ninth game, and Collins won
the next and the set. 6 — 4.
Score of the match: 4— C, C — 4, 7— 9, 6—3,
6-4.
Both men drove throughout the match,
taking chances on difficult shots rather
than ivnit for sn opportunity after a long
rally. Collins' ground strokes were very
clever, but as far as clean passes went
the men were about even. As Carr Neel.
' the present Western champion. Is not here
to defend his title, it iroes to Collins by de
fault. .
The semi-final doubles, between the
Hardy brothers and Paret and Collins,
were started alter the single match, but
only one set could bo played, as it grew
dark. The set went to Paret and Collins,
C— .". This match will be flnishtd on Mon
day, and the winners will play Little and
Alexander in the finals for the champion
ship on Tuesday.
held its ninth Saturday contest at Stow
Lake yesterday. There was a fair attend
ance and with a breeze from tho west the
weather was all that could be desired.
In the long distance event Golcher and
Lovett tied for first place with a cast of
1ZI feet; Brotherton second, 115 feet;
Brooks third. 107 feet.
In the accuracy event Carr took first
place, S3 S-12 per cent: Everett and Lovett
ti(Hl for second place, 91 per cent; Mul
ler third, 00 per cent.
In the delicacy event, Carr took first
place, S3 10-12 per cent; .Edwards second.
SO 11-12 per cent; Young third, 80 8-12 per
cent.
In lure casting the first place was taken
by Lovett with 9i per cent; Carr second
with S7 3-5 per cent; Brotherton getting
third with 85 per cent. Following are the
scores in detail:
Pittsburs 8 11 3
BatterieF-Callahan and Chance; Phllllppl and
Zlmmer. Umpire— O' Day.
CINCINNATI. July 14.— Young was In good
form to-day. Attendance 3M0. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 6 I
.St. Uala * 10 °
Batteries— Newton, Scott and Peitz; Young,
Crigrr and Robinson. I'mplrc— Terry.
American League Games.
DETROIT. July IV— Detroit 2. Chicago 4.
CLEVLAND, July 11.— Cleveland 5, Minneap
olis 4.
lNlJlAXATOLlS, July 14.— Indianapolis 2,
Milwaukee 4.
Tennis Matches.
Many tennis matches were played yes
terday at the California Tennis Club.
George Whitney played five sets with H.
Haight. winning by a score of 6—2 6—1.
j£!o 6-Jl. 6—3. R. "Whitney beat Collier In
a hard fought match. 6—0. 7—5. 6—1. Good-
Inc beat Jones. 6—3. 6—3. 3—6. D. McGavin
was out playins for the first time in weeka
and fell before Joe Daily's hard drives.
6—2 6—4J Al Rosenberg beat W. McGavin.
6— l' 7—6. 6—4. 6—1. Professor Daily beat
Goo'ding 6—1, 6—2. and then won from
Bishop Moreland. 6—1. 6—4. ft-2. \V. Mc-
Gavin played a tie with Cornell, 4 — 6. 6 — 4.
Cornell was beaten by Daily. 2—6, 4-6.
On July 21 the double handicap tourna
ment for the Davis cup will commence,
and be continued twice a month until the
cups are won five times by the same
Miss Marion Jones Is expected to return
to California in August and will play in
the ladies' singles. A match between her
and Miss Miriam Hall will be close and
very interesting:.
PARIS, July 14.— The American ath
letes, fresh from their victories in
London, won the only two events
decided to-day and secured the
leading places in all the trials
which took place on the opening day of
the world's amateur championships, held
under the auspices of the Exposition.
The contests were inaugurated with mag
nificent weather at the Paris Racing Club
in Pre Catalan, a charmingly situated
glade in the Bois de Bologne. Its pretty
surroundings, however, were hardly ade
quate compensation for the poor accom
modations provided for the visitors, which
will be seriously felt on the days of the
big crowds. But no inconvenience was
experienced to-day, the meager attend
ance being perfectly astounding to the
Americans and English, accustomed to
see tens of thousands at athletic contests
of such international importance as those
of to-day. Not more than a thousand
spectators were present, and the majority
of these came from America. In fact, the
meeting resembled more American college
sports than an international champion
ship held abroad. Only two- small stands
were provided for tbe spectators and
onlv one of these was fairly filled, chiefiy
with bright young American girls, who
wore the colors of the various American
colleges competing and gave unstinted ap
plause as their countrymen secured vic
tories. A portion of the leading stand
was reserved for Americans and it was
Bayly bedecked with the stars and
stripes.
An Auspicious Beginning.
The Americans started by winning the
first heat In the 110 meters hurdles and
places In the other two heats, which they
converted Into a complete victory in the
final heat, winning first, second and third
places.
This they followed up by winning flcst
and second places in the 100 meters fiM
race, and they would have been first,
second and third but for the accident to
Duffy, who won his heat quite handily,
as well as the Hemi-linal, only to have
a tendon of his left leg give way while
leading in the final heat when half of the
distance from the tapes.
The Americans then won two heats out
of three in the S00 meters flat race, all
three heats in the 400 meters flat race, and
both heats in the 400 meters hurdle race.
They also have three out of the fivo
men who have qualified for the final in
the broad jump and three in leading
places out of the five qualifying for the
final in the shot-putting contest, while
Sheldon will represent the United States
in the remaining event; the discus throw
ing, which, judging from to-day's per
formances, is likely to be the only event
which the Americans will fall to carry off
out of the eight events In which they
started.
The feature of to-day's meeting was not
only th»> number of events the Americans
won. but the perfect ease with which they
outstripped tneir competitors, often fin
ishing first and second in the trial heats,
laughing, side by side, and in a canter.
College Yells Cause Wonder.
The introduction of American college
cheers into to-day's proceedings was a
complete revelation, to the Frenchmen
and other foreigners. At the first yell
they apparently imagined some Invasion
of wild Indians had occurred, but. after
hearing the various cries about a hundred
times during the day. they appreciated
the fact that it was simply an outburst or
American enthusiasm or encouragement
of the college men, a great number of
whom were present. The Frenchmen,
however, could not become reconciled to
this form of cheering, and they were
heard to frequently exclaim: \\ hat a
band of savages."
The American methods of starting,
jumping and shot putting were also mat
ters of great interest to the European",
who watched curiously the crouching
posture of the sprinters as they waited
for the tiring of the pistol and the elab
orate preparations of each American ath
lete in finding the length to run for a
jump, and, to them, the peculiar form of
shot putting.
The physiques of the Americans com
pared extremely favorably with that of
the Europeans, and Sheldon's figure at
tracted such attention that he was amus
ingly christened by the Frenchmen "The
little baby."
The natty college costumes of the Amer
icans were a decided contrast to the
home-made attire of some of the b««st
European athletes, who, instead of don
ning a sweater or bath robe after the
trials, walked about in straw hats and
light overcoats.
The 110 meters hurdle race was divided
into three preliminary heats. Kraenzlein,
University of Pennsylvania; Moloney,
University of Chicago; McClaln. Univers
ity of Michigan, and Cholsel, a Fiench
man, ran the first heat and finished in
the order named. Choisel was outclassed
and left the track without clearing tne
last jump.
Pritchard, an Englishman; Remington,
University of Pennsylvania, and Levis of
Syracuse competed and finished as named
in the second heat.
Le Cuyer, a Frenchman, had a walk
over in the third heat.
The seconds and thirds of these heats
contested for entry In the final, which
was secured by Moloney and McClaln.
In the final Kraenzleln won without be
ing hard pushed In 15 2-5 seconds, which
equals the French record on the turf. Mc-
Claln was second and Moloney third.
Innovation for Americans.
The Americans then contested In an
event not usually on sporting programmes
in the United States— that of the discus
throwing. Twenty men competed, chiefly
Hungarians. Swedes and Greeks. The
Americans furnished a contingent of five —
McCracken, Hare, Garrett, Flannagan
and Sheldon. The last named alone se
cured a place among the five who will
dispute the final. Sheldon made long puts,
but they were badly directed, striking a
tree or the fence. He gained third place
with 3* meters 10 centimeters. A Hunga
rian, Bauer, was first with 36 meters 4
centimeters. Janda, a Bohemian, was
second with 35 meters 4 centimeters.
The preliminary of the 800 meters fiat
race brought eight Americans on the
track out of thirteen runners. The closest
of the three heats was the first, in v/hlch
Tysoe, an Englishman; Grant and Drum
heller, both of Pennsylvania: a Dane
named Christiansen. Hall of Brown Uni
versity, a Frenchman named Salomez and
Hayes of Michigan University competed.
Hayes made the running until turning In
to the stretch, when Hall and Tysoe work
ed to the front and Tysoe won by a half
yprd iu the excellent time of 1:59.
The second heat was won by a French
man. Belogp. A Hungarian. Spelde. was
epeond and Scrofford of Syracuse Univer
sity was third. The last named headod
the contestants for three-quarters of the
d{fnance nnd looked like a winner until
Beloge and Speide passed him. the former
winning easily in 2:00 3-5. His victory was
hailed with great enthusiasm by the
French spectators, who otherwise were
rarely demonstrative. His time was slow
er than Hall's, but he took matters leis
urely, and the peneral opinion is that he
¦will have to be seriously reckoned with in
the final.
The third heat was contested among the
Americans, Cregan of Princeton, Bray ol
Williams and Lord of Chicago University,
finishing In this order. The firsts and sec
onds In these heats will compete in the
finals.
Jarvis Outruns Tewksbury.
Twenty athletes stripped for the six
trial heats of the 100 meters flat race, ten
being Americans. Austria, Italy. Ger
many, Australia, Denmark and British In
dia were represented by their cracks in
this sprint. For the final Duffy was se
lected by practically everybody as a cer
tain winner. His splendid performances
in the preliminary and semi-final, win
ning as he did apparently without effort,
strengthened this opinion. When tbe pis
tol was fired for the final he left tne
mark like a shot, and had already as
sumed what appeared to be a decisive lead
when he was seen to wobble, and a mo
ment later he fell heavily to the ground.
A groan of disappointment and sympathy
arose from the crowd of Americans, which
changed almost immediately to a shout ot
victory as Jarvis breasted the winning
tape two feet ahead of Tewksbury, with
Rowley, the Australian, a close tnira,
thus securing the trophy for America In
spite of Duffy's misfortune.
Then came the shot-putting, in
the foreign contingent had no show, ine
contest assumed the character or rrienuij
rivalry among the Americans, whose final
victory was an absolute certainty. Shel
don of the New York Athletic Club up
held his reputation and dropped the shot
far ahead of his competitors. McCracken
of the University of Pennsylvan a was
nearest to him, with Garrett of Princeton
third. Sheldon's best put was 13 meters
SO centimeters; McCracken's was 12 meters
85 centimeters, and Garrett's 12 meters 45
centimeters. Sheldon thus did not do so
well as he did in London last Saturday.
Yankees Take Each Heat-
Two More Victories.
The 400-meter flat race brought out fif
teen starters, including seven Americans.
The best time in the* three preliminary
heats which were run to-day was made
by M. W. Long of the New \ork Athletic
Club, who won the first heat in oO 2-5 sec
onds. lA>e of Syracuse was second, yora
of Chicago University, Drumheller of the
University of Pennsylvania and Clement,
a Frenchman, also ran.
The second heat brought out the Gaelic
champion. Faidlde. who holds the French
record for this distance, ol seconds. He
finished third, behind Moloney of Chicago
University, who came in first, ana
Schultx. a Dane, who was second.
iThe third heat proved an- easy victory
for Boardman of the New York Athletic
Club, who, with Holland of Georgetown
Universitv, cantered in, neither caring 1
about first place, being sure of running in
the tinal. . ,
The spectators gathered around the cen
ter of the grounds, where a fenced-in
space was reserved for the broad Jump.
The Americans here had another inning,
obtaining with five entries three places
among the leading five who qualified for
the finals. The Americans topped the list
with Prinstein of Syracuse University,
who cleared 7 meters 17Vi centimeters.
Kraenzleln of the University of Pennsyl
vania was next, with 6 meters 93 centime
ters. Then followed the French champion,
Delannoy, with G meters 7oVz centimeters:
Remington of the University of Pennsyl
vania, with fi meters 72H centimeters, and
Leahy, the English and Irish champion,
who "was fifth, with 6 meters 71 centi
meters.
Tho concluding event of the day, the
400 meters hurdle race, brought only four
men to the tape, although there were ten
Entries. Both heats were won by Amer
icans. Tewksbury of University of Penn
sylvania taking the first and. Levls of
Syracuse second. Xedvod, an Austrian,
was unplaced.
Orton of University of Pennsylvania
secured Uie second heat from Tauzin, a
Frenchman, his only competitor. Levls.
Tewksbury, Orton and Tauzin will con
test in the final. The time of neither
heat was worth mentioning, as none of
the Americans srave themselves any un
necessary exertion.
Arthur F. Duffy. Georgetown Univer
sity, who fell in the 100 meters race,
strained a tendon of his Ipk and was un
able to compete further. Duffy said after
the accident:
"I do not know why my leg gave away.
I felt a peculiar twitching after goin<?
twenty yards. I then seemed to lose
control of it and suddenly it pave out,
throwing me on my face. But that is one
of the fortunes of sport, and I cannot
complain. I am ulan the event went to
an American. I do not think I can com
pete again here.
Win the Two Events Decided on the Opening
Day of the Paris Contests and Obtain Lead
ing Places in Trials for the Others. •
AMERICAS ATHLETES SWEEP TIE BOARDS
IN THE INTERNATIONAL TRACK MEET
Special Difratch to Tfce Call
NAPA, July 14.— The very successful
fair of the Xupa County Agricultural So
ciety closed to-day with a large attend
ance, the betting bc-ing particularly sharp
and lively. Tbe salient features of the
*<port at the tra< k were the decisive win
of the green-class pace oy Marguerite,
cleverly handed by Ed Lafft-rty of W.
Wood funf; the ladies' tournament and
the successes of Pomplno and El Mldo,
both topbeavy choices.
For the pace Marcnetite, now cwn«! by
Jo Terry of Sacramento, was passed
uround as the rif?ht one, bringing |10 In
the pools, apainst JS for Georsrie B and
Sb for the Ik lei. In the opening heat the
mare was given a brush by Sweit-
Zfr, wlnniiiK o»a by a h* ad In 2:15.
Now selling <t pronounced choice over
the entire field, she scored hands down
:n the second htat. Bweitzer was again
the coniendvr, leadins out Santa Anita
Maid by a narrow inar^in lor the plax-e.
It was the third ai;<.l decirling livai that
nearly fumisahed the surprise, t'loe, driven
by Jeffreys, suud<-!ily loomed up a con
tender, Urc-Pi :ng lmo second place at
the Urat ti.rn. On the back t-tretch ehe
made a "•jimmy," which wi» ruinous.
However, Jeffrey* soon steadied his
chaxge. takir.g second place again, and by
a fantastic exhibition of -whip work en
deavored to send the leader to u break.
Tqu> ioari*r sort of work should be dis
courajjea, Ijui it avaiieu notmng, for Mar-
wun the heat as she pleased. Cloe
ii:. :.-¦.. a second a:i 1 eaiiu Attita Maia
third.
'i Dere wire but two entries for the la
dies equestrienne lui.i nanient— Mr». O.
\V. Bury and Mr*. A. Harrington. Uoth
ladit-s earned iwuvos of appuuute for their
cleverness and grace in the saddle, the
iudges nnaJiy awarding rirst jirizt: to Mrs.
ierry.
A bright feature of the racing: was an
owned oy A. H. Spifi k(-;s. ana driven by
exhibition mile trotiea by uione {tftP&j,
Cliarles Jearoys. Never extended, tne
handsome mare reacned the hair in l:o5,
the three-quarters in l::**i and came
home in 2:11 Hat. now the Napa tiatk
trotting record.
Jessie o, with little IJrodlen up, was
sent to the post a 7 to 1U cnoice for the
opening scramble for runners. Ilaced to
u. utaudstiu and bumped by Ujai, the
black mare ran unplaced. Coming from
The far rear Alturan. a 4 to 1 chance,
downed Christine handily. Ojal was dis
yuaJUit d ana tiie lavorne placed third.
At odds-on l'ompinu, on which Dreyfus
had the leg up, made a show of his tleld
In the six furlong sprint. Candlelight
took place honors quile as easily Horn
Manzanyia.
Johnny Campbell's El Mido fell heir to
the mile and a sixteenth pursf. A 1 to 2
favorite, the bay horse trailed Ee Happy
and Cuda to the stretch, where Gattney
let him down and Kl Mldo waltzed in first.
Coda lust the place to lie Happy. Sum
mary :
Pfccinr, gTe^n class, rurse JiOO.
Sl&rcuerite. blk. in., by iJlrert-Iiosscta
(Lafterty* 1 1 1
£»eltz«»r, ch. h.. by BacretatT uioupvr) 2 3 6
Clw, br. m.. by «. onmiT (j«-ftr»}fi tt b 2
bar.ta Anita .'.:«.. blk. nt.. i>y Guy Wilk^s
' y.h'. •:.! 4 3 3
Our^ie t«. U. m., by Nutwuwi Wilke*
(Cecil) 3 4 4
Bankpr'f Imtigbter, br. ni., by Arthur
VUkes (brown) 5 0 5
Time. 2:13. 2:li, ZiliV-
Running, four and a half furlongs, purw $li0.
I*. K. Smith's ch. S- Alturas, H»2 <ColIl»).
4 to 1 1
B. V. lluhaM's ch. n». Ctirli-iine, luT (Hobtrt).
3 to 1 3
B. A. Cbiiwos'a Ijlk. m. J«csi« U. HJ ilirwdicj.
7 to 10 3
Time. i^ 1 *. Ojat U2 unU Ktiiid de I.jS .-In
eei>-h tUt iiUu raa.
Eix fuilonps. t»ui mt IUA.
J. U. iJunn k L>. g. h'ompino. 110 (Dreyfu»).
: to s :....:. i
JAlfs Kthel King» ch. c Candlelight, 1«jO
tl?ro<Jie>. 7 to a 2
XL E. WhllmiuiB blk. in. Manzanllla, 110
(Trawler > » to 1 3
Time, 1:15*4. Klcunlo llo. Marvh IV),
and San Augustine llw. al)*o ran.
Cnie mile and a Fixietrith, filing;, purse J100.
B. ¦ 'a.r:.; !.. ¦:¦. * r. g. El Mi. i". 117 «' iaffriey i,
l to : "... i
Dlxon'g h. ii. He lUppy. 1C1 (Ulxon). 6 to 5.. 2
J. Fol<y'« b. m. <"«da. :rt» (Brmtteii • to 1 3
Tim.. I:5't. Jpck M<-*.*at» 301. Fille d Or l'.'l
aa<l T.vJ:ik)<- 1 v. ,nk 1»1 a:*.> ran.
Jo Terry's Mare Displays
Splendid Form at
Napa.
?
does of the Successful Fair and Race
Meeting of the Napa County
Agricultural Asso
ciation.
GREEN CLASS
PACE WON BY
MARGUERITE
VICTORIES ARE
COMING HANK'S
WAY THESE DAYS
Dudes Could Not Find Iburg
Until the Very Last
Inning. •
Snappy Baseball at Recreation Park
Results in a Defeat to the
Dudes, Who Go Back
a Peg.
«.
San Francisco 4, Oakland 2.
"Ham" Iburg was in grreat form yester
day, so much so that the Dudes were be
wildered out of their mental casings.
They could do nothing with his corkscrew
curves until the ninth and that Is why
Hank has addwd another victory to his
late nappy succession. Borchers was not
as strong, the hits of the local team be
ing: bunched In lucky innings.
The Dudes showed a new face in the
ranks of diamond swelldom, a Mr. Held,
whose performance in right field was of
th»» be.<l, thoujjh with the stick he did
nothing pyrotechnic. "Josh" ReilJy was
in trim and played a star intield game
but for a single exception. In fact all of
Hack's men were In the game. At last
the local team seems to have shed its
wrapping of sweet plumber.
I'ntil Fri/co came to the bat in the
fourth the game was of the one, two,
three order, but one player reaching first
baae. Then Hank's crew pulled them
selves together and sent two men over
the rubber. Schwartz beat the ball out
on a clevt-r bunt and was forced to sec
ond when Pabst got four bad ones. A
parsed ball advanced both runners a base
and then Sullivan with a clean hit to left
scored Schwartz and Pabst. A sacrilice
bv Levy and the succeeding deaths of
tfnig and Rellly sent the local team to
the benches.
In the rifth Oakland started well but
finished poorly. On an error by Krug and
another by the umpire which was also
charged to Krug, Francks and Moski
man took to the bags. Arrellanes fol
lowed with a hit to right but Francks
dit-d at the plate on account of Hilde
brand's great throw in. Two more dead
ones and the Inning was over.
In the fifth Pabst running for Iburg and
Hildebrand who also made first bag on
a hit, were enabled to score by assisting
swats and Oakland error*.
It look the ninth to .send a Dude over
the rubber. With two men gone Moskt
man rolled out a double, scoring on Arrel
lanes' single to left. Held followed with
a double, but he triad to take three bases
and died at that bag. Arrellanes scored.
The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drenoan, c f 4 (i 1 n 2 1 u
Lanpe. Cb 3 0 0 1 0 2 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 o {> o 9 0 0
Fiantks. c s 4" 0 <> 0 0 3 1
Murkiman. If 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
AiTfllane*. 2b 4 13 0 8 3 0
Held, r. t 4 <• 1 0 3 0 0
Mangerina. c 3 (i 0 0 1 0 0
liorchers, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 3* 2 6 1 21 11 1
BAN FRANCIfCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
nrockhofT. c. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
HiUlebrand. r. f 4 11112 0
Schwartz, 2b ,4 1 3 1 3 2 ti
l'abst. lb 3 1 0 t 11 1 0
Sullivan. C 4 0 10 3 2 0
Lerjr, I. f 10 0 12 0 0
Kruc £. R 3 0 10 2 5 2
Heilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 3 S 0
llurj, p 3 110 110
Totals !3 4 7 5 27 16 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2
Bat* hits 0 0 0 0 10 11 3—0
Fan Francisco 0 0 0.22000 •— 4
Uase hits 1 10 2 3 0 0 0 *— 7
SUMMARY.
Ttun* responsible for— Iburir 2, Borchers 2.
Two-base hits— Arrellanes, Mosklman, Held,
tfacrittce hltP — Levy, Urockhoff. First base on
errors— Kan Francisco 1. Oakland 2. First base
on called balls — San Francisco 3, Oakland 2.
I>eft on bases — .San Francisco 5, Oakland 5.
struck out — By lburg 2. by Horchera 1. Double
play*— Francks to Arrellane* to Hutchlnson.
l'a*sed halls — Mangcrina J. Time of game — 1:40.
I'mplrf — lx.nahue. Official scorer — J. \V. tita
pletMB,
«.
Champions Defeated.
SACRAMENTO. July 14.— Harper's box
work was Invincible this afternoon, and
it was only the fleet-footedness of Mc-
Lauffhlln. afdfd by a timely hit by Esan.
that saved the !<"aii<r? from a s=hut out.
O'Connell gave an exhibition of umpire
work such as has been rarely witnessed
on a California diamond. His decisions
wore made to stay, and for doubting- it
?pveral of the players donated slices of
their salaries, including Manager Harper
of the Stocktons. Lookhead was excluded
from the grounds for interfering with a
batter from the bench. The score, which
is as follows, has an added column head
ed, "Time on base." ami the stolen bases
will be icund in the Fummary:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. TB. PO. AT E
McLaughlln. 1. f 4 1 1 2 6 0 0
Devereaux, Sb 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kapan. rn 4 0 4 5 2 4 1
Huirhro, r. t 4 I" 0 0 <i 0 11
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 2 7 1 (1
Stanley. •$ 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Doyle, p 3 0 0 0 () 2 0
Shur.ahr.n. c. f 2 0 0 0 <i 0 <1
£tulz. 2b 3 0 0 0 3 4 1
Totals 31 1 6 9 24 11 S
STOCKTON.
AB. It. BH. TB. PO. A. K.
Mr-Cartliy. 1. f 5 2 2 2 3 0 0
McGucken, c. f .3 1 2 2 0 0 0
Pace, c 4 0 2 3 « 1 0
Ptreib. lb 4 0 1 1 11 0 0
Itabbitt. es 4 « 0 8 2 « 1
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 10 0
«"ourtney, 2b 3 1 1 1 3 1 0
Morrow, r. f 4 0 110 0 1
Harper, p 4 0 1113 0
Total- 35 4 10 10 ¦ TI 11 2
RUNS AND HITS f»Y INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00000010—1
Ilase him looill02«v— »
Stockton 10110010 •— 4
Uase hits 2 0 12 12X0 *-10
SUMMARY
Runs> responsible for— Doyle 2. Harper 1.
Two-bare hits — Mclaughlin. Eagan, Hanlon.
First base on errors — Sacramento 2, Stockton i.
First base on railed hall?— Sacramento 1. Stock
ion 1. I^eft on V)as=ea— Sacramento 5, Stockton
K. Struck out— By Doyle 3. by Harper 5. Hit
by pitcher — McGucken. I>evereaux. Double
plays — Eapan to Stulr to Hanlon; Harper to
htreib. Stolen bases— McLauchlln. Khainahan.
McCarthy 2. Courtney. Wild pitches— Doyle.
Time of frame — Two hours and S minutes. Um
pire — OConnell. Official scorer — O. A. Griffin.
PITTSBUBQ MOVES UP.
Pirates in Second Place in the Pen
nant Race. j
CORHECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
riubs— W. U. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Rrooklyn 43 2* .fAf- Cincinnati ..34 3« .4M>
riithliurg i..JS 32 .543 St. Louis 31 26 .4&3
• hicaKo ?A 31 .527 boston ...... .2$ 37 .431
l'hllade]phia.37 32 .526 New York.. ..2! 43 .344
BKOOKI.TX, July 14.— Tn» NVw Torks played
another fast game, supporting Mercer fault
lessly. Scheckard's force of Keeler, a steal and
Kelly's single scored the only run of the game.
Kenn«ly was In many tight holes, but pulled
out by sensational ili.Mins. Attendance 4:100.
Score: r : «V-;<''
Ciubs- R. H. E.
New York 0 « 0
Brooklyn 1 10 . O
Batteries— Mercwr and Bowerman; Kennedy
and McGuire. Umpire— Swartwood.
PHILADELPIHA. July 14.— Philadelphia won
t<wiay' s game from Koston on a three- base hit
bjr Flick, followed by a doubl- by Douglas.
Frat>er pitched an excellent game, the visitors
j getting but one hit off his delivery. The con
i test was replete with brilliant fleldinc. At
1 teiHlanc« "BOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
IJofton 0 1 . 0
Philadelphia 1 4 S
Batteries — Dioeen and Sullivan; Fraser and
Douglas. Umpire — Kmhlle. . -
CHICAGO. July 14.— Plttsburg pushed Chi
cago out of second place to-day, by hitting CaJ
lahan very freely and taking advantage of ail
the locals' mteplays. Attendance 80OO. Hcore:
Clubs- R. H. B.
Chicaco 174
CHICAGO, July H.-Twenty thousand
people yelled- themselves hoarse at AY ash-
Ingion Park to-day *3 Sidney Lucas, the
Derby winner, won the Turf Congress
handicap by live lengths, pulled up al
most to a walk, and equaling the track
record of 1:5S%. He forced the pace
makers to go so fast that they were ready
to quit at the finish, and Fly by Night,
the hot favorite, finished absolutely last.
Richard Inompson, the part 07 ""and
trainer of the champion 3-year-old, hand
ed in money so fast that the odds of .» to > 1
had been pounded down to 7 to a. Thom P;
son estimated his winnings at not less
than ?30,0W. Track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlongs-Garry Hfrraann
won, Sanazaro second. Kid Cox third, lime.
l"0S
Six furlonys— May Beach wen. Flaunt sec
ond, Cora Goetz third. Time, 1:12\.
Mile and three-sixteenths. Turf Congress han
dicap—Sidney Lucas won. The Lady second.
Serrano third. Time, 1:33%. ,..,,.
Mile and a sixteenth-Limerick won Mellc
cole second. Castake third. Time. 1:46£.
One mile— Advance Guard won. Gold * ox sec
ond, Tayon third. Time. l:3»Vi.
One mile— Chappaqua won. Little Reggie sec
ond, P.ed Pirate third. Time, 1:40%
KEW YORK, July 14.— A big crowd filled
the ffrand stand and overflowed the lawns
at Brighton Beach to-day. Only two fa
vorites won— Charagrace and Sweet Lav
ender. Results:
Six furlonjrs— Mayor Gllroy won. Meehanus
second. Mr. Jersey third. Time. 1:12 4-5.
Five furlongs— Bounteous won, Maxlmus sec
ond Mar^avlate third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
Ilincheatown Bteeplechase. about two and a
half miles— Charagrace won. Trillion »econd.
Old Tank third. Time. 5:11 2-5.
One mile— Motley won. McMeekln second.
Mesmerist third. Time. 1:33 *-!>¦
Five and a half furlongs, the Venus stakes—
Sweet Lavender won. Lady of the valley sec
ond. Add third. Time, 1:07 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Intrusive won.
Rare Perfume second. Ten Candles third. Time.
1:18 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 14.— Results:
Mile and three-sixteenths— Brldgeton won,
Ko?cio second. Sun God third. Time. 2:03.
Mile and three-sixteenths, selling— Zaza won.
Parole d'Or second, Gilbert third. Time.
"Mite and twentr yards, selling— Macon won,
Guiiie Kock second, Marie G. Brown third.
Five and^'a half furlongs— Seide won. Sard
second. Obla third. Time. l:09»i.
Mile and seventy yards, the Meirimac. sell
ing—Miss Mae Day won. Felix Bard second,
Molo third. Time, 1:46.
Six furlongs, handicap— Granto won, £>ave
Waldo second. Tom Collins third. Time. 1:15.
Mile and seventy yards— Terra Incognita won,
I>a<ly Callahan second. Banish third. Time,
1:16.
MONTREAL.. July 14.— Results at Bel
lair:
Six furlongs— Miss Fonsoland won, Ida Ford
ham second. May Boyd third. Time. l:53*i-
Seven furlongs— March Post won. Sauce Boat
second, Baffled third. Time. 1:37.
Four and a half furlor.gs— Lady Edith won,
San Luis second. Mary third. Time. VMM-
Steeplechase — Arquebus won, Looram secons.
Dr. Coop third. Time, ¦4:00.
Mile and a sixteenth— Alfred Vargrave won.
The Benedict second, Maratana II third. Time,
l - 57'4
Six furlongs— Ode Brooks won. Eataca sec
ond. Miss Soak third. Time. 1:2214.
Richard Thompson Floods the Bing
"With. Money and Makes a Clean-
Up . of Fif ty Thousand
Dollars.
FORTUNE WON
BY OWNER OF
SIDNEY LUCAS
Honest Colt Takes the Turf
Congress Handicap at
Washington Park.
For Glory, the diminutive black anA
white greyhound from the kennel of Sterl
& Knowles, was backed off the board yes
terday by the bettors at Union Coursln*
Park The prevailing odds were 5 to 1
and at this figure so much money was
offered that after a time no more money
would be accepted. Although tor Glory
found favor in. the eyes of a host of bet
tors such great performers as Royal
Flush. Candedaria. Warship, Tea Roso
and Flying Fox each had a substantial
following. The books laid 4 to 1 against
Royal Flush, 5 to 1 against Candelarla and
Warship. 6 to 1 against Flying Fox and
Sir Pasha and 8 to 1 against Royal Anne.
remarfcablr
even and was dispo^d of without unusual
incident. There wa* a ripple of «x«te
ment when Lexington £«f Oliver-Cloud
Dointless. The dogs met last weeK ana
Sflver Cloud defeated; Lexington, leading
him several lengths tp the hare. On this
showing he was made a 3 to 1 favorite and
was bfaten disgracefully. It developed
he was out of condition and some per
sons, learning of this, took a fall, out of
the talent, taking considerable money out
Mose was unfortunate In eettlnsr nearly
a two-minute course with Victor Boy.
This is expected to tell on him tp-<lay.
when he meets Master davenport .In the.
first round. Fine Fire and. King's Border
er ran an undecided, as did Ben a Babe
and Tommy Rex. In the run-off of tne
latter undecided the hare escaped and
Ben's Babe went promptly through a
small hole in the fence. Luckily she was
taken up before she could do any damage
to the hares in the Inclosure.
Roval Flush ran in great form and a»
feated Jennie "Wilson, although unsighted
for a short distance after leaving the slips.
The betting throughout the day was
chiefly at even money, the dogs being: un
usually well matched. There wert> Just
enough upsets to keep In rood humor
those bettors who also play against the
favorite. Morning Glory startea proceed
ings In the first course of the day by de
feating Fortunate Choice at 3 to 1: Mas
ter Davenport beat Scotch Reel. '1 to 1;
Sacramento Boy beat. Mayflower, 5 to 2:
Johnny R beat Scottish Chief. 2 tol: Snap
shot beat Slim, 2 to 1: Lexington beat Sil
ver Cloud, 3 to 1: ami Hawker beat Bell©
Clair 2 to 1. The detailed results of th»
running, with Judge John Grace's offi
cial scores, follow:
J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory beat J. J.
Kennf»y's Fortunate Choice, Hi Captain Cane's
Mlsa Penman beat J. Byrnes" Eleven Spot. 9-4:
Pasha Kennels' Rcyal Ann» beat T. J. Mclrv
erney's llegina IS. 3-2: E. il. Kellogg's Swf-n
Emma beat Captain Cane' a Statesman, IS- 7:
Captain Cane'B Master Davenport beat Low*
& Thompson" s Scotch Reel. 4-0; R, L. Taylor**
Mose beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor
Boy, 13-6; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat
W. C. Glasson's Santonin, 4-1: Welch & Han
rahan's Sacramento Boy beat J. Sutton'a Hay
flower. 11-4; I>. Winder'* Random Aim beat :-.'.
P. Whitings St. Anthony, 12-2: P. J. Rellly'a
Warship tx?at Pasha Kennel's May Hempsteaa.
5-0; C. W. Bonner"s Wild Norah beat Erwin
& Lyon's Silver Lynn, 7-5; Pasha Kennel's
Reckless Archer beat R. E. de H. Lopez'*
Wanda. 5-0; F. A. HcComb's Sir Pasha be*t
R. E. de B.- Lopez's Sara, 7-5: P. J. Reilly's
Royal Unloo beat Curtis & Son'* Maud s>. 4-tf;
T. J. Cronln'».Thornhni beat A. Vandenburxh**
haughty . Qlrl, -t-1; Rassel!. ' Allen &., Wilson's
Rosie Clalr beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron.
4-1; T. J. Mclnerney*» Johnny II beat J. Hold,
en's Scottish Chief. 3-0; Curtis & Son's King
Cotton beat Pasha Kennel's Rollicking Airs.
4-1; T. Tlerney's Tea Rose beat I£. Lynctv •
Lottie M, 5-3; J. Byrnes' Battleship beat.Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Kmma. 3-2; Sterl
& Knowles' O*Hara beat J. J. Kenney's Win
ning Lassie. 6-0: M. Dunlea's Erin beat J. It.
Smith's Victor Queen. 8-3: H. A. Deckelman'a
Snapshot beat Jeff Martenet's Slim. 4-1; Aeneld
Kennel's Fine Fire beat F. Schou'a King's Bor
derer, 3-2; Curtis tt Son's Flying Fox beat J.
L. Ross' J L R. S-S: F. A. McComb's Royal
Flush beat J. R. Smith's Jennie "Wilson. 3-1:
Curtis & Son's Vulcan beat Gus Abercromble's
Rock Island King. 5-0: J. Morlarity's Snapper
Garrison beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal,
4-3: Sterl & Knowles' For dlory beat C- K.
Charleaworth's Crawford Braes. 11-8: D. Wla»
der's Risky Attempt beat RusseJl. Allen & Wil
son's Mash-. 5-2; II. Lynch's Lexington beat
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 7-0: Curtis it
Son's Candelarla beat J. Hurley's O. K. Cap
itol, 11-3; Kay Broa." Hawker beat Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr, 8-1; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter beat J. Carroll'*
Auckland. 9-7; K. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex. 4-1; t>. To
land's Pleasant Girl beat S. Handy' a Twin
City Girl, 6-3; R. E. de B. Lopez's Peplt* beat
P. J. Rellly'a Ploughboy, 6-4: T. J. Cronla'a
Wild Tralee beat J. Byrnes* Olympus. 3-2; J.
Mailer's Swedish li-at, J. Hurley's Shjrlock Boy.
3-4; J. R. Smith's Lady Sears beat G. Sliaur*
man'i Walt a Bit. »-2.
Boyal Flush, Tea Rose and Warship
Each Have a Large Following
Among the Coursing
Enthusiasts.
Many Bettors Pick the
Diminutive Greyhound
as the Winner.
FOR GLORY IS
HEAVILY PLAYED
AT ONION PARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY *5, 1900.
FLY-CASTERS AFTER
RECORDS ON STOW LAKE
The Ban Francisco Fly-Owtlnjr Club
More Demands to Be Paid.
By the addition of several thousand dol
lars collected far taxe3, a portion of which
was transferred to the general fund.
Treasurer Brooks. says he will be enabled
to pay all registered demands for June up
to No. 400. As other moneys are turned
Jn by the Tax Collector for delinquent
taxes the remaining demands will be re
deemed. -
New York has the largest local tele
phone exchange system in the world.
Much post mortem discussion on the
fights of Friday night was indulged in
yesterday wherever the followers of the
game chanced to congregate. The general
public seemed satisfied not only with the
decisions but with the character o£ the
fights, which ran the full limit.
32
A Damaged Prostate Gland.
Th* Prostate Uland (so-called neck ot blad-
der) is a structure very r!<h In nerve*. When
th«> terrnina'.ions of thei«<" nm'« are kept in a
< oiutani »Late of <xc,:«!i:on!, by chronic in-
r.amniato! y jirocegs^s. It appoarn very j clear
that by transmission of this irritation to other
r erves the patient may be mibjeet to nervous
rhenoDH-na of the raomt varied character. I*re-
maturenea^, lx>a» of Vitality, etc., arc not
wpakr.n'sef. but pyrnptorns of this inflamma-
tion. We have prepared a colored ihart, which
¦vse. wit! send, free on application, by which any
one interested can readily understand why. If
h« has been treated for a weaknees, he has not
been cared. We particularly aoUcit .this cl&M
of cases, &nd ran promise a speedy cure.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth,
BT FAR THn MOST FREQUENT CAUSE
of nervoue disorder* ot the male Is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
uC^"^\ EtrV.lj Reliable!
i^ Dr. Talcott
%g§M' & Co.
t/\v"^^v. Diseases and
/i"S^^fv^ Weakness of
IW MEN ONLY
I . [p^psi '¦ Each Tablet I
1 7fll5*\ Stamped thus
iSl8>k Guaranteed
I y Cure ¦For the convenience of those desirlnp to
become citizens and who have no oppor
tunity of at tending, the courts in the day
time JudRe Dunne, Department 6, Superior
Court, will sit in chambers on Monday.
July 10. from 8 to 10 p. m., and Judse
Lawler. Department 11, Superior Court,
will sit In chambers on Tuesday, Thurs
day and Friday, July 17, 19 and 20, from
8 to 10 p. m.
The Republican. Democratic and Social
ist Democratic parties made application
to the Registrar yesterday for permission
to participate in the coming primaries.
REGISTRATION IS NOT
PROCEEDING RAPIDLY
THE recpnt utterance of Dr. Bazet that what, the Health Board really ,
needed was an aggressive politician has brought forth a communication
slsned "OHaragan. 11*17 Market street." In this letter to the board the
writer makes an application for the position. The communication,
which contains some trite truths, follows:
Hon. Board of Health. San Francisco. Cal.: Eeelnz a etatement in the press, the
result of an interview with Dr. Batft. regarding certain Supervisors calling: upon .the
Health Board to resign for incompetency and want of confidence In them by the public,
In which Dr. Baz<?t deplored that the hoard had no sggressive politician like Denis
Kearney to honor it with his services. I beg new to take the liberty to apply for and
to till su*h a position.
I undertake If appointed to cover ap and redeem all your blindness. Including: your
neglect to lock earnestly for the cllnl'-ai history of the suspected cares which is abso
lutely necessary before one can determine the nature- of the ailment and the tying
up of the whole of the district, while not isolating the houses In which plague cases
appear, thereby driving the 10,000 Chinese Into taking the plajjue. instead of protecting
them and others from possible Infection an.! thereby subjecting: yourselves to the natu
ral and unusual cry ftfjnoompetency or evil Intent.
I further undertake to. write Dr. Bazet's Inconsistent conduct and policy of not r«
*Ipn!nK fmm the local board after the people have generally shown th<?lr want of con
fidence in him, while he so readily resigned from the State Board or Health. .
And above all I also undertake to get your honorable board and Dr. Klnyoun a fat
and sufficient appropriation from the city or the United States Treasury and Marine,
departments. Kirst-class references can^ be furnished if required by you. Hoping fcr
a favorable reply. I have the honor to remain, O'HARAGAN.
P. S.— Notwithstanding that a majority of the public condemns you and it Is
against your sense of honsr and self-respect to remain In your unpleasant office under
eu<-h circumstances, I rlncerely hope that you^ will not resign. You will with due
patience be known to the world as famous authorities. Please accept my humble
admiration ar.d sympathy^ - . "¦;*:;: .*,*.'?•
CERTIFICATES GRANTED .
• DURING THE PAST YEAR
The annual report of the City Board of
Examination is now being being prepared
by Secretary P. W. Kingsbury and will be
completed in a few v days for presentation
to Superintendent of Schools Webster.
From advance figures which may be sub
ject to slight mouincation when the report
is finally adopted it is shown that during
the fiscal year 1MM900 the board has
granted on credentials presented by the
applicants nineteen high school certiti
cates. eeven* of which were for m»n and
twelve for women, and fifty-five grammar
grade certificates issued, five to males and
lifty to females. .
On examinations the following certifi
cates were issued: High school 3, gram
mar grade 2, primary grade 2; special cer
tificates—Wood carving, clay modeling
and free hand drawing 1. music 4. stenog
raphv and typewriting 2. bookkeeping l,
Latin 4. French 1, German 2.
Renewals of certificates were granted
es follows: High ' school 4, 'grammar
grade 137, primary grade 61; special cer
tificates—German 2, French 6, Spanish 2,
kindergarten 1.
There were rejected on examination of
the applicants: High school 1, Rrammar
grade 6, primary grade 1; special certifi
cates—Wood carving, etc.. 1. French 1
Latin 1. German 2, mechanical drawing 2.
Life diplomas were recommended as fol
lows: Grammar grade 37, high school 2,
rejected 1. State educational diploma,
grammar grade, 3. --*>'¦;:"¦
SECRETARY LEO PARK
AS AN AUCTIONEER
Secretary J. Leo Park of the Board of
Public Works forsook his onerous cleri
cal duties for a few minutes yesterday to
assume the position temporarily of public
auctioneer at the Corporation Yard. He
succeeded in addinpr $143 to the city's ex
chequer by his persuasive eloquence, dis
posing of 14,000 pounds of old scrap Iron,
broken cesspool covers and other para
phernalia too dilapidated to be used even
by the city. Park also prevailed on an un
suspecting and guileless individual to part
with $4 CO for which he received In ex
change sixty-five live-gallon coal oil cans.
Bookkeeper Leavy and W. Chester
Keouph were clerk and typewriter re
spectively of the auctioneer. .
WOULD BE POLITICIAN
OF THE HEALTH BOARD
MOONXIGHT OTTTIUG.
Native Sons and Their Friends Spend
a Pleasant Evening at Escalles.
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 14.— The members
of Tamalpais Parlor Xo. €4, Native Sor.a
of the Golden West, held a moonlight out-
Ing af Escalles this evening. The grounds
were beautifully decorated with bunting
ar.d Chinese lanterns and the night was
perfect. Many of the visitors came in
boats, as a number of yacht* and ark3
were moored in the cre<?k.
Special trains accommodated tha peo
ple and in the small hours of thft morn
ing merry-makers mi^cht be seen in all
kinds of vehicles, from four-ln-hands to
gocarts. lining out for home alor.s tho
sprinkled roads.
Native Sons were present from all parts
of the county, as were a large number
from San Francisco. Dancing lasted all
night and those weary of the pavilion
found pleasure in boat rMir.s and tho
music.
The purpose of the entertainment was
to raise funds to enable the parlor to
participate in the celebration to be held
on the 9th of September. The outing was
in charge of a general committee, to
whom is due the success of the entertain
ment. The committee was as follows: E.
J. Hayden (chairman), Juds? F. M. An
pellotti. W. Eden. A. E. Scott. Louis
iltighes, S. Herzog and W. 3. Dreypol
cher.
The Natives and every one else noted
that they had a good time and Tamalpaia
Parlor got a good hslp toward it3 cele
bration fund.
MANGLED IN A SAWMILL.
Tliirteen-Year-Old Boy Meets a Ter-
rible Death in Oregon.
Special Dliratch to The Call.
BAKER CITT. Or.. July 14.— Word was
brought to this city this week of the hor
rible accident which befell Arnold Eccles,
aged about 13 years, and formerly a resi
dent of this city. The unfortunate boy in
some manner got caught in the machinery
of the sawmill in which he was working
at Vrento and was terribly mangled. Ono
leg was torn from his body, and he was
otherwise mutilated, causing a speedy
death.
The boy was a nephew of David Ecclea.
president of the Oregon Lumber Company,
operating in Utah and Oregon. The re
mains were shipped to Ogden for burial.
Kaymond s place is in Sonora and is
known as the "Angels" Lodging House,
and it was there -McClure took up his
abode during his stay In the town. Mc-
Clure is not quite certain now how mat
ters came to the pass they finally did, but
ha doos recall that from the beginning
Mollie was exceedingly attentive to him.
The very first day of his stay there Mc-
Clure lugged in a wooden box and calling
Mrs. Raymond's and Mollies' attention to
it demanded what they thought of such
an object fcr a pet. The box contained
£M00 in gold coin, the proceeds of the sale
of a mine McClure had just negotiated.
After the b<>x incident he says Mollie was
mnre loving than ever and Mrs. Raymond
asked him to call her "mamma."
Il was not long before Mollie announced
her engagement to her ancient admirer
and set the happy dav for the second Sun
day in August.
"Everything was agreeable to me," saM
McClure yesterday when he told his tale
of woe. "Mollie was awfully pretty and
1 wa-« stuck on her. 1 got her several
presents— a for $45, a chain for $1:1
and two rinps valued at $13 and $7 50 re
spectively. She wanted me to get her
more Jewels, but I told her to wait till
I got to town, for I explained I could get
jewels mure reasonable in San Francisco
than in Sonura."
It was about this time that Mnllie real
ized that the second Sunday in August
was a long way off and asfced MxClure.
"What's tho use In putting this off so
long?" McClure again was willing, but
begged the chambermaid of the Angel's
lo«1;?ir>cr house to let him have a week to
get ready in.
"She said all right." said McClure. "I
settled up my buslne??, got my money
together and she decided that we should
come here to get married. A day previous
to our departure Mr?. Raymond came to
me am) said. 'Now, Charlie, you will be
going off on a bridal trip with Mollie and
you might get rcoklpss and spend all your
money, and I would advise you to leave
JVVj with me. and should you" need money
you could telegraph me for It.' "
However, McClure did not see fit to take
advantage of Mr?. Raymond's offer. "I
just let her have £50." ho said, "and then
we came away. Oh, there was such a
time when wo left. Mollie and Mrs. Ray
mond shed copious tears and embraced
over and over again."
On the train McClure was introduced to
a man he only knows as "Fred" and
whose recommendation was the fact that
h<» was M<>llf.»'s friend and tended bar in
Sonora. At OakdaJe on the journey down
a telegram was handed to Mollie and
when she had mastered its contents she
tr.id McClure it was a command from
Mrs. Raymond to return at once to So
nora unless McClure sent her (Mrs. Rav
mond> 150. McClure consulted with Mollie
and "Fred" about this and. acting upon
th'-ir advice, he telegraphed Mrs. Ray
mond the desired amount.
"When we got to town, "explained Mc-
Chire, "Mo'lie refined to go to a hotel
R»id said she wanted to go fo Mrs. Millar
at 127 Hyde street. I agreed and brought
her up there. They had. however, no
room for me and sn I lodged downtown.
All day Thursday Mollie spent in shon-
pine. She purchased extensively, getting
many dresses and any number of silk
waists. She had arranged that on Friday
morning we were to leave for Portland
and from there proceed to Seattle, where
we should be married. On Thursday night
she asked me for 5100, but I refused to
give It to her.
"On Friday moraine." continued Mc-
Clure. "I went to meet her, expecting
I to leave for Portland. I found her in bed
I and «hf said she was 111. I suKsested that
a doctor be sent for. but Fred, who was
there, explained to ms that women. were
peculiar and that her illness was prob
ably caused by the fact that I had re
fused her the $100. Acting upon l-'red's
advice I gave Mollie $20. She got better
Immediately, hut it war? long past the
train time Hrd we could not get off. Then
she said. 'What is the use of griing off at
all? Let's pet married here." And so she
arranger! that we would be msirried on
Saturday morning at 10 o'clock."
When Mollie set the wedding day she
decided she must have more linery and
sent McClure out to purchase more silk
waists, a fur cape, a ring and various
other things. On Friday evening Mollie
dismissed McClure early. "I want to get
to rest." slip said, and that was the last
MoClure saw of her.
Yesterday morning, when the aged, ar-
I dent swain called for Mollie to accom
pany him to a minister he found no blush
ins: bride awaiting him. The bird had
flown and the following note was all she
left as balm for bis lacerated heart:
Say Charlie: 5ty Ocd. I just can't marry
you and I am very sorrie to say eo, because
yon have dr-ne po much for me and I am just
crazy, and I've met some friends of mine and
wt- are urolr.jr to Lns Anpele^ in the morning.
I will b* a long: ways off when you get this
ari'i I h"pe you wiU rorgive me for I will never
livo happy with you. MOLLIE.
There was also this letter for Mrs. Mil
ler, the landlady of the Hyde-street lodg
inc-house:
Mr.«. Miller: How can you ever forgive me
for golr.ff away and not letting: you know It,
but I can't marry Charlie, ror I do not love
him. I may n»ver ree you again. I am going
to take -the train to-nlsht to Los Anpeles' with
my friends, oh. I am cra;y. I don't know
what to do, so good-by. God blesa you.
MOLLIE.
McClure's suspicions were at first direct
ed toward William Ayton, otherwise the
only original "Bosco," the snake-eater.
Bnsoo. however, had not left town and
declared that all he knew of Mollie Sands
was the fart that she was anxious to
be a "vanishing lady" in his show.
When McClure found Bosco was still In
town he said:
"It dawns upon me now that FYed may
not have been the friend he pretended to
be and I would not he surprised if he
and Mollie had. gone off together.
"I don't want Mollic bark," he said in
conclusion. "When I found she had de
serted me all my love for her turned
to hatred. But I want to get those fine
clothes back from her. I don't want her
to go around all dresje*! up in the clothes
I paid for ar>d having other fellows make
love to her."
Detectives Dillon and McMahon are
searching for Mollie.
CHARLES McCLURE. a peripatetic
uphnlsteivr. swore out a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of Miss
Mollie Lands of Sonora on a chare?
al frrard larceny. McClure was engaged
to Mollie and ttey were to have beon
married yesterday .rooming:. When, how
*>wr. the would-be benedict presented
V!rr.5*!f at the lady's lodging on Hyde
street to claim his own. he found the fair
Mollif liaii Down. ta\inj? with her money.
iewe!?= and clothing which he had be
fiowrd upon her. all valued according: to
Mod ure at nearly $* V.
McClure is a tall, lithe-limbed
beau of nearly sixty winters and revels in
¦ cyci mustache and several flashing
sires.
MolIIr I-and? is just sixteen. blon<5e.
retire and ri" r 'ty. and ha* ambitions— one
<*f which i^, or was, to join forces with
"Bwco" th» snake charmer and do the
"vanishing lady" act.
Slcdure mo; the fair and fickle Mollie
in her Tuolumne County home, where she
rut In her spare time marine bed* !n
"Trs. Krfd Raymond's Iodising house. Mrs.
Chinese Empire Reform Association
Appeals to Li Hung Chang 1 to
Suppress Boxer Outrages.
The members of the Chinese Empire
Reform Association of this city are very
much perturbed over the serious condi- j
tion of affairs in the Orient and are ex- i
ertinp every possible endeavor to pre- i
vent the persecution of foreigners resid
ing in China. Cablegrams are being
sent daily to the Viceroys of the differ
on t provinces praying them to use all
their influence to prevent further slaugh
ter of innocent persons of other nations
who have not had an opportunity to leave
the country for some p.ace of safety.
They declare in their messages that the
outrages now being perpetrated by the
fanatical boxers and condoned by the
Chinese authorities are in direct violation
of treaty rights, and ask that foreigners
be protected there e\-en as Chinese have
been protected in this country.
The members of the local branch of this
progressive organization seem to repre
sent the better element of the Chinese
merchant class of California, and the
president of the association. In an in
torview last evening, freely expressed his
indignation regarding the laxity of the
Chinese officials. He insists that the Box
ers might easily have been suppressed
Ions- apo were it not for the fact that
Prince Tuan and the Empress Dowager
have tacitly consented to the destruction
of foreigners, believing in their ignorance
that all complications may be settled in
this crude manner.
In the very midst of all their humane
attempts to save foreigners in China the
reformers were made to feel the wrath
of the imperial Government when they
read the telegTaphlc report in yesterday
morning's Call recounting the attempted
assassination of Kang Yu-Wel, their
chief, at Singapore.
Following are some of the messages
sent to China by the association: /
SAN FRANCISCO, July 13, 1D01
To 14 Hung Chans. Canton: Reports received
here that Boxers are mass<acreinfr forclsners.
This is in violation of treaty rights. We pray
your Excellency to instruct all Viceroys to pro
tect all foreigners even as we are protected
hv them here. We be? of you to suppress these
barbarous outrasres that peace and resumption
of commerce may follow. CHINESE EMPIRE
nEFORM ASSOCIATION.
To Chuy Sine: l>e all your influence to
save forelKners in the north. Send money,
•¦lilpp anvthtnw in reason and we will pay our
Fhare. CHINESE EMPIRE REFORM ASSO
CIATION.
A message to Singapore q*kin£ for in
formation resardins the reported wouhd
inp of Kang Yu-Wel is quite pathetic in
tone. It reads:
Khoo Seok Wan, Singapore: Spare no ex
pense in forwarding us all details regarding th«
condition of our beloved leader. Hang Yu-Wei.
For your love of liberty we ask that you pro
tec* our wisest philosopher since Confucius.
CHINESE EMPIRE REFORM ASSOCIATION.
TWO DOLLARS WAIT
FOR OWNER'S CALL
Sad Result From Closing an
Angels Camp Millinery
Store.
HOW that the Investigation
of probate matters Is occu
pying the attention of the
Grand Jury and the public,
O. J. Bamberger and his client.
August C. HInz, are convinced
that all is not well with the civil
departments of the local court.
They have reached this conclusion
after receipting for $2 as compen
sation in full for a judgment of
JS42 13 recently recovered against
P. Muller, a milliner of Angels
Camp, Calaveras County.
Some time ago Hinz, at the re
quest of Muller, forwarded a bill
of goods to .the latter's establish
ment at Angels Camp with an ac
companying bill for $S42 IS. Muller
was given time in which to meet
the bill, but finally, when payment
was not forthcoming, Hinz as
signed his demand to O. J. Bam
berger, who commenced attach
ment proceedings for the recovery
of the amount named. A copy of
the attachment was placed in the
hands of Ben K. Thorn, Sheriff of
Calaveras County, and he proceed
ed to collect on the judgment.
Yesterday his return of sale was
filed in the office of County Clerk
Deane and it tells a story. Thorn
sets forth that he obeyed the or
der of court and sold the property
at auction. The sum of $73 was of
fered and accepted for the JS-12 IS
stock of goods, and then Thorn
began to figure up his expenses.
Copies of the notice of sale, -print
ers' proofs, mileage, commissions
and keepers' fe.es figured up 573,
and $2 remained for Bamberger
and client. County Clerk Deane
received a postoffice order for this
amount yesterday, ' which Chief
Deputy Joseph Goddard now holds
subject to the call of the rightful
owners, who may have the same
on presentation of proofs.
ASKS PROTECTION FOR
FOREIGNERS IN CHINA
Three events indicate the increasing
importance attached to the study of met-
allurgy and mining by the intelligent
men. The meeting of the American Asso
ciation fcrr the Advancement of Science
was held last month at Columbia Univer
sity and was well attended. The summer
meetings of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers will be held at Sydney,
Capo Breton and Halifax; Nova Seotht,
.next month under t lie- auspices of the
Canadian Mining Institute; The interna
tional Congress of Mining and Metallurgy
was held last month. The opening meet
ing- of the last mentioned assemblage was
hold in the Grand Hall of the Calais des
Congres at the exposition. After the
opening- address the congress divided into
two sections. A subject of considerable
Interest was treated of June 19 in the min
ing section, it being "Ventilation and the
Use of Explosives in Coal Mines."
M. Delafond reported that safety ex
plosives had occupied the attention of the
French Government since 1900* A com
missioner was appointed. Subsequently
the Government issued regulations de
claring obligatory the use of explosiVea
that had been recommended by the com
mission in mines in which fire damp or
inflammable dust was prevalent. The
chief safety explosives in use in France
an? Rrisontine and srisonite, both names
being derived from Vgrison," which means
tire damp. Down to the end of lust year,
as estimated, 16.000.OX) shots had been fired
with the new explosive. Only one case of
explosion of Ore damp was due to the new
blasting ajjent. Victor Watteyne and Lu
clen Densel described explosives used in
the coal mines of Belgium. The Belgian
Government also prescribes the explosives
that may be employed in coal mines. The
result of such control has been very sat
isfactory in lessening the number of coal
mining accidents.
The Geological Society of America met
in New York June 20 and was presided
over by Dr. G. M. Dawson. director of the
Geological Survey of Canada.
H. W. Turner read a paper upon "The
Geology of the Silver Peak Mining Dis
trict." This district is in Nevada, in Ks
meralda County, on the western edge of
the Great Basin. A part' of Mr. Turner's
paper is as follows:
The rPS'<Tn is chararterlzftl by isolated ridges
and wi.le valleys, the lowest portions of which
are playas or dry lake beds. These piayas are
often covered with incrustations of salt. Thus,
the Clayton Valley playa. Just east of Silver
5'eak village, is coated with a dazzling white
sodium chloride of sufficient purity to be used
ss it is for domestic purges, while the Co
lumbus playa and cne In Fish Lake Valley
are rich in borax and related salts. The old
est rocks, except some gneisses of doubtful
a?e, are Lower Cambrian, the Middle Cam
brian and Silurian being also represented.
Volcanic activity began in paleaTjnlc times and,
tiary. when a lake covered a large part of the
diytrlet and deposited several thousand feet of
sediments. The Eilver Peak range was ele
vated after the lake period, as is evidenced by
the lake detx>sits arching: up over the ranc°.
The ci;iof economic interest of the region lies
in the e n 'ti and silver veins In Mineral Rldsc
one of the eastern spurs of the Silver Peak
ranee. Thf^e veins usually occur at the con
tact between the granites and gneisses and
the overlying Cambrian rocks. They are of
two kinds, quartz veins containing pyrite and
free gold with a little silver, and quartz veins
containing lead sulphides and silver with a
comparatively small amount of jjo'.d. Along
tli* latter veins, ao fur as observation poos,
there are basic dioritic dikes, which do not
usually. If at all, occur along the veins con
taining chiefly erold. When the investigations
have been completed it may be possible to show
therefore that these dikes have exerted a defi
nite influence on the kind of ore deposited. It
may be possible that the dlorite magma is
the source of the lead and silver. The aban
doned Vanderbllt mines and the Homestake
are examples of th 1 ? lead-silver veins, and the
Siher Peak mine of the free mllllnfr gold veins.
The American Institute of Mining
Engineers will visit in Canada the steel
works now in construction at Sydney and
the coal handling plant at the internation
al and other piers of the Dominion Coal
Company, the collieries and steel works
at New Glasgow, Stellarton, Westvllle
and other important districts; the gold
mines of Nova Scotia; the Wabana Iron
mines of the Dominion Iron Company; al
so various other points for sight seeing
and pleasure. Theodore Dwight. who con
ducted the excursion of the institute
members to California, will be in charge
of the Canadian excursion.
The first annual meeting of the South
west Miners' Association was held a few
davs ago in the permanent headquarters
of thn" association' at First and Main
streets. Los Angeles. The report of G..N.
Nolan, the secretary, indicated that the
organization was doing well. It has 300
members. Secretary Nolan said that
measures have .been taken to organize
auxiliary societies in sixty-four mining
ramps in California. Nevada, Arizona,
New Mexico, Sonora and Lower Califor
nia.
The Gold Run Gravel Company and the
Inskip Company, in Placer County, have
olosed down for the season because of the
failure of the water supply.
The Yreka Journal says that E. D.
Baker, now working the Cherry Hill
quartz mine, which he recently purchased,
has brought over SZQOi) in gold to Yreka.
W. T. Shurtleff h»? been sinking a shaft
in Fools Paradise district, near the Klpm
ath Rivor. S. Cromwell has opened a
quartz ledge at the head of Canal Gulch.
In the Humbug Mountains, west of
Hawkinsville. The dredfrer at Hawkins
vine. In Yreka Creek, is close down to
bedrock. Henry Harris hns been taking
out quartz at hie mine on Humbug.
The Bridgeport Chronicle-Union says
that at noon on Monday last the cyanide
plant at the Castle Peak mine, near
Bridgeport, was discovered to be on fire,
hut it was Foon extinguished with little
damage. And again at about 1:30 o'clock
yesterday morning an alarm was given
that the mill was on fire. It was found
that the ore bin of the mill was on fire,
the same having been found to be sat
urated with conl oil. After two hours of
hard work on the part of the miners and
all connected v.ith the mine and mill th»
nre was extinguished, with but little if
any Injury to the mill, but the bin was
destroyed. It was very evident that it was
the work of an incendiary, and the owner.
Arthur D. .Cullum. who is now at the
mine, offers a reward of $2T>0 for the arrest
and conviction of the person or persons
who set fire to the mill.
ECENZS AND INCIDENTS IN THE COURTSHIP OF MOLLIE AND CHARLIE
Mollie Lands Comes to Town to Marry Upholsterer Mc-
Clure, Takes His Money, Changes Her Mind and
Does the Vanishing Lady Act.
17 N an Interview yesterday with Attor
ney E. S. Pillsbury on the subject of
jj the methods of Assessor Dodge this
: year in taxing franchises and the
j great increase on that account in the
j assessments of several corporations
in which he is interested, and the
action of the Beard of Equalization
! in refusing to lower the valuation of the
j corporate franchise of the California Pow
der Works and other like concerns, he
said: "I do not wish to make any rash
criticism upon the action of Assessor
Dodge. I think he is a man of high per
sonal character and ambitious to make a
good record as a public officer, but he is
pushing this franchise business too far.
Xo doubt some corporations have shirked
their taxes in the past, and that is one
of the causes for this raid, but the thing
is now going just as badly the other way.
Take the California Powder Works, for
example. It is one of the oldest corpora
tions in the State. It has had its office
and paid taxes In this city for over forty
years. It has built up extensive works
in Santa Cruz and Contra Costa counties
It Is one of the commercial institutions
of this coast which has held its trade
against Eastern competition. While near
ly all our merchants have been driven
| back, more or less, out of their original
i territory, some of them almost to the
gates of San Francisco, this company has
| held Its own and is to-day selling its
products eastward through Arizona. Colo
rado, Idaho and Montana. For years it
could pay no dividends on account of this
fight tor its trade.
"It expended over $100,000 in experiment-
Ing upon the manufacture of explosives
adapted to modern warfare, a bad invest
ment but for the Spanish war, and Its
powder was used by the fleet of Dewey at
Manila. It now claims the credit of mak
ing the best smokeless powder In use any
where. It resumed dividends about two
years ago, the stockholders having re
ceived nothing on their capital for over
five years previous. Its ability to renew
its dividends was due to its able manage
{ ment. It paid the same dividends last
year as this and had substantially the
I same property. Last year its franchise
I was assessed at Il'J.OOO; this year it wa*
' first put at $750,000 and afterward a man
! from the Assessor's ofnee came around
and said that it would be reduced to £50,
000, but he supposed the company woula
i pay promptly on this last amount. The
company did not pay, but asked for a re
duction to the value of the franchise,
which was nothing, and this request was
refused. The company, in self-protection,
will now move its legal place of business
out of San Francisco.
"This year the company gave In to the
Assessor over $300.»X») for money and sol
vent credits on which taxes will be paid.
Next year this city will get none of that
class of property, but the county to which
it moves will have the benefit of it. The
company has always paid and is willing
to pay taxes on every dollar of its tangi
ble property. The right to be a manufac
turing or trading corporation is of no
more intrinsic value than the right to be
a partnership. Under the statutes of this
State a corporation may be formed for
the transaction of any such lawful busi
ness. It is merely the privilege to exist
in that manner. The law also provides
that a partnership may be created fo»
like purposes; it is only another form or
existence for conducting business. Taka
the house of Holbrook. Merrill & Stet
son, for instance; the members of it had j
their election under the law whether to
be a firm or a corporation. A lawyer or
a doctor must have a license, as providea
by law. before practicing his profession.
It mteht as well be said he should be as*
sessed for that right. The earnings of a
corporation depend upon the skill and
abllitv of its management, and not the
franchise
"The vice of this sort of taxation Is that
it Is governed by no rules in fixing values.
Another corporation with which I am con
nected was assessed $2500 last year on
its franchise; this year the Assessor has
attempted to raise its franchise to Jl.OoO,
000 The capital stock and dividends have
continued exactly the same. All its tan
gible property liable to. taxation has been
assessed separately. This shows an elas
ticity which is surprising and dangerous.
You cannot expect men to invest capital
on such contingencies. It seems that It
was necessary to increase the assessment
roll by $20,000,000 in order to get the neces
sary revenues for the current year under
our new form of city government and the
Assessor has reached out for these cor
porationato supply this extra amount.
Next year It may be found necessary to
add $20,000,000 more in the same way. It
appears that Assessor Dodffe does not
really claim that these franchises are tan
gible, taxable property, but that this
method of assessing 13 an indirect way for
gathering an Income tax for which there
is no express law. »He professes to only
assess the franchises of corporations
which are making money. He goes In par
ticularly for those which are listed on
the stock board. The result Is that no
new companies are being listed and the
old ones are getting oft. so it must only
be a question of time when the board it
self must become extinct unless there is
a change in the situation. It is interesting
to note by comparison that the Emporium
is assessed $150 this year on Its corporate
franchise, the Pacific Coast Steamship
The Attorney Insists That the Assessor Is Now
* Attempting Illegally to Levy an income
Tax on Corporations.
These are not pleasant thinps to tallc
about, hut they are facts which demand
consideration. My homo and business aro
Jn this city; I expect to remain here. I
have a personal interest in these rjues
tior.3. My own business has been injur°d
by thrse circumstances. The city of San
Francisco «has not made th<» advance in
the last ten years which her situation
warranted. But for the war with Spain
and the disbursement of millions here on
.that accouot by th* Government our
showing would be much more discourag
ing. It Is no benerit to real estate to
unduly shift the burdens of tajcation from
it. though it may have borne more than
Its share in former years. It mu»t injure
real estate if any branch of industry is
crippled. All interests must prow and
thrive together if the city is to become
great. We shall never succeed by scoffing
at the "bloated bond!%>Ul*»r" or finding- po
litical preferment by* cinching: those cor
porations which are engaged in the trans
action of legitimate business, but by all
pulling in the same direction to make our
city»what her natural advantages demand
for it"
j c-iimpanieH would have their orlices in tlita
j city but for that circumstanji'o and. their
; stocks urul fion«!a would be pr.t upon thi3
i market. It was the sj'_m«* thi.ii-; with the
: attempt to tax the bonds of quasi-publio
i corporations. I wanted the Assessor and
I the board a year aso that thi3 tax could
j not he upheld and that the only result
I would be ti> drive these securities out oS
the State. I know that on account of this
attempt to tax them many millions of
these securities were sold In the East at
ard below par and to-day some of them
are beint: boupht bark at a premium as
high as 10 per cent. The loss to the Stata
on this account was enormous. Besides,
new Issues of bonds were made through,
Eastern houses during this time to tha
loss of our local trust companies, which
otherwise would have been selected to act
as trustees. I also know that several
millions of property formerly held by
California corporations have within tha
Fame period been transferred to corpora
tion? formed outside the Slate. Men who
woulrl otherwise employ their capital hero
| are transferring it to Eastern cities for
loar.3 and investment, there being no local
i demand for it.
Company $7X) and the Western Sugar Tte
tinins Company £*»u. Worse than this.
very many of the new corporations to do
husiness here arc formed in other States.
I know personally of several millions
i which bavfl Deen put into such corpora
j tir>r.s v.ithin the last year because «»£ this
i attempt to tax franchise*. All of thpsa
Taxation of Franchises Claimed
to Be Inimical to the State.
DODGE ARRAIGNED
BY PILLSBURY
FAIR YOUNG MAID OF SONORA
JILTS HER AGED SWEETHEART
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. July 14.
The funeral of the late William E. Hale,
former Sheriff of Alameda County and
Warden of the State penitentiary at San
Quentin, was held at 2 o'clock this after
rfoon from St. Pauls Episcopal Church.
The throng of mourning friends at the
sacred edifice attested the h!j;h esteem la
which the deceased had been held. From
far and near were sent many beautiful
floral tokens of sympathy and remem
brance. These were banked around the
bier uponj which rested the casket in the
chancel of 5 the church-
The ritualistic service of the Episcopal
church was conducted by Rev. Mardon
Wilson, acting rector. The music was in
charge of Robert Clarence Newell. The
solo, "Crossing the Bar," was rendered
by Mrs. Bermmgham. A choir composed
of K. D. Crandall. W. li. H. Schenck. II.
A. Redtield. E. A. Hall, R. C. Rose, Er
nest L. Newell, Otto Wedemeyer, Lowell
Kedfield. Roy Munsell and Edward Olney
sang the choral numbers and the funeral
chants. Robert Xewell presided at the
organ, playing Chopin's "Funeral March"
and "Ase's Death."
. The pallbearers were Charles R. Allen,
William S. Harlow, J. L. Barker, J. R.
King. H. Cheseborough. A. J. Ralston, T.
P. Strong and E. G. Lukens.
There were no services at the Hale resi
dence. At the place of interment in Moun
tain View Cemetery Oakland Lodge No.
158, F. and A. M., and Oakland Com
mandery No. 11, Knights Templar, of
which the decased had been a member,
conducted tha Masonic and Templar serv
ices.
TRIBUTES IN A
SOLEMN SERVICE
TO A GOOD MAN
Friends Assembled in Large
Number at Funeral of
William E. Hale.
Three Important Gatherings
of Skilled Searchers for •
Treasure.
CONVENTIONS TO
DISCUSS TOPICS
OF THE MINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
Keception at Mare Island.
Special TM«ratch to The Call
VALLEJO, July 14.— Mr. and Mrs. T.
Gaines Roberts wore tendered a reception
this evening at the home of Naval Con
structor and Mrs. F. W. Hibbs on Mare
Island. The residence of . the naval con
structor was handsomely decorated for
the occasion and Japanese lanterns were
Btrung about the yard. The Naval band
furnished music for dancing from 8 to 12
p.. m. Assistant Constructor Roberts and
hTS" bride have Jus»t returned from their
honeymoon in the East. Mr. Roberta has
but recently, come to Mare Island, his
former duty being at Union Iron Works.
Registrar Walsh complains that regis
tration of voters is very slow, and unless
citizens Ker.erally make It a point to ap
pear at the City Hall Immediately they
will lose their right to vote at the next
Presidential election. Yesterday only live
hundred names were added to the roll, and
if ¦within the next two weeks the registra
tion Is not at least 20D0 per clay the ligures
will fall far short of those of 1S9G, when
72,000 names were enrolled. Registration
for tho primary election will close July 2S.
33
§ Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of
For Lost Manhood.
Full 5 Days' Treatment
By Sealed Rflaifi
& MO CO.B. OP. DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Everv person who is a snfferer from nerrons shranTien parts. Thi3 sp*v1g!c remedy will
liseases should write the Von Mohl Co., Cin- cure yoa .-.t any st3ge before t-pilepsy rcsnlt3,
clnnati, Ohio, at once, and accept- their offer wlthcnsainirconsmaptionarHLnsanity. *\ a »"
ot a five days* trial treatment free of charsre. thos" poes directly to-the seat of the trouble.
This i3 no C. O. 1>. or DEPOSIT scheme but a no matter ot howlonz standins, ana the pa-
libcral proposition made to unfortunate snf- tient feels the b^n^fit of tbo first day s treat-
ferprsbythlslony-establlshedconcern. which Mont. In five days the medicines sent free
is the larrestlmporterof specifics for nervous will make you feel like a now man.
and sexual diseases In the world. The Von Mohl Co. often receives the most
The Von Mohl Co. has the sole American astonishing testimonials from personsxjrho
1 SSldf who have 1^
III 'oSSSb^S»l*A %nTstac« iU h fn£SSc- schemers, and w *™?V*"*&™ HP ' «^
tlon Into the United States has cared many £?*? ho^ '»£r,?S "^ fi* p |S5^ i^nled
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkablo fible person will pcrcdthla name to bensed
peatedinthlacoantry. of •'C.-Jlthos" Is a specific enre. Some lrre-
In order to place this wonderful treatTaent S ponslble advertisers aro nsin* "made-np"
In the hands of every person w ho suffers th«; tMtiraonials. but tho Von Mohl Co. lnvaria-
mental and. physical anyiiish 1 or sexual weak- D i- declinos to mako pnMic the names or cor-
ness, The \ on Mohl Co.. hasdecided tosend a relpondence of any patients who har© been
free trial treatment to all who write at once. ctl rxi by "Calthos. *
The remedy is sent by mail In a plain pack- pive days* treatment will be placed In your
age, and thereis no publicity In recetvinjMtor hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
taking it- Accompanying the medicine there UT1?e <\ toe yonr own sake to send tor It with-
ls a full treatise in plain language for you to out delay. Write to day and sond your ad-
read. Take the medicine privately with per- dress. It Is not necessary to give embarrass-
feet safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed. j nj? details of your gymptons. Tho book ac-
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares, companying the five days* treatment will en-
l>o not deceive yourself or remain In lgno- able you to take the medicine in private and
ranee while you are being dragged down by treat yourself successfully at hone. It costs
thi3 insidious disease. No matter what the nothinsc to try this remedy. It may costyou
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses a jrreat deal more to let this offcrpo by. Jvrita
or overwork and business cares, the results today. Address THE VON MOH1, CO JB,
are the same— premature loss of strength and CINCINNATI, OHIO. Larzest Importers ot
memory 1 emissions, lmpoteacy .varlcocela and Standard Preparations In tao Unltad a taw*
Coffee, the drink more highly regarded
to-day than any other. wa3 flr3t used In
Abyssinia in 8.0. Thence it was brought
to Arabia. A Greek first introduced it to
England and made himself famous by tho
art.
\ Any reason why 3-011 are^
Jpayiug excessive prices for\
>your groceries ? 1
i This list will convince^
£vou that our prices are^
fright — quality (we guar-^j
iantee. /,
f Dainty Ginger Snaps
4 A fa'vorite iri* h „ « nnilf 1c o-r^
" ereryone. 3 pOUUUb 2>Cf
j Fre*a and snappy. Kegi:'ar 2 fur 2.x-.. £
Bars pound ioc^
> Made of £c»*t iarrHirnrs. Will \
¦ f r«'tas.in fresh and «*•*?•» t for some Q
I > time. R .-irf.lar ljf prmud. >
jSchepp's Cocoanut t
I Wihri a^.''fresh pOUnd IOC>
r »aa moist, pn re white, natural r
a Bireetsees. Csaally pound. A
i Eastern Sugar Syrup a
t i^SSr 1 : gallon 35 c*
' Regular 63 u Five galloaJacket |L4B \
Baking Powder^
J M^frl.V&kiu* pound 3OC^
f Poxdcr. Usually 4V\ y
Shrimp f
r orW. lar S e size can X 7 C^
i Eitris-l^ct. Ta-koddry. CsnaJlyfirJ
d Wheat Ma nna for tr^kfast.
I "Z£ how 2 pouud pks 5cJ
a reai.y ci*t»ap th:s is— you may \
f priyrid- yourself fo' 2 or 3 _xa<ith» f
\ — ;t«ii. te#p — parted ia airtight 1
f packa?^. Regular We. y
f China Preserved Ginger
t D^SuUi fancy jar i 5 c^
A fe;t:cnary fcr everyone who A
f likfts ginger £S a flavor. "
f Ivory Soap largest size
f A"float:nfr favorite. . f nr ~ zr 9
* Rr-jlar 3 for 2oc- 4 lOr 2^ C^
\Fancy Guatamala Coffee .
i ElMwwt flavor. pOUUQ IjCa
f Rich color. Re?criLir25c. f
Teas' pure tea Jeares. 9
( 8S^ pound 30c?
* ££££§": sh lbs *i.odf
£ E«g-Jla.r .V5c pcTicd. f>
specials: I
£ Brady's Malt Whiskey 4
\ XMiiVetUktrU hottip ficr/
a ge&enHriisedM DOUie VsLQ
\ iiichTuIiiiI x
( Voa e'-ioold rh«»re f ore be carefnl P
. Kbont ti<; <;u«litj-. Br*<iy"s is \
P the oriciaal- Uejulsr 90c. f.
Tom Gin bottle 6oc{
a izzpoTt+tt. Used in r.ll kidney A
f cifct&hcs. Also a pleasant Y
a fctimulist. EejnlRrir tfJo. /,
Champagne a
a Arr«<i Hara ? tby-«. nimTtfV^
6 Real caa=;»s£e. quart Du^
f InTijroratin?. pi II IS 4OC d
# ; Enjoys.fce. Case >/.OO/
4Old Government Whiskey a
iWiaiarn Wolff <t Co. V, o tt1^ A-^l
Katcr^Hnbond. DOttle O>Cf
Bottleo «t Distillery. Regular II (X>. i
jBurgundv Wine gal 45c>
fi H!enpra<Se. Table Wlae. • f
<¦ EeffularJ-f. EaooJi— well aged. ! /,
rfTJ^ Market Bt. B. K. 6h*ttaclt At. Porfcelevi
' :"Jh &Was>tja .ton,OakCentr»lATq.Al*medi"
4 rtt &¦ Wood. Ofei. 53 1st Street San Jose A
Japan win not restore captured ships to
China. -$XlGSSig&
"The Cambric Mask." by Robert Cham-
bers. Is a mixture of science, sentiment,
conspiracy and desperate adventure,
which is all too short for the complex in-
terest of its plot. : The fact that the hero
la a quiet man of science and the heroine
the assistant in his laboratory does not
prevent the story from being a succession
of exciting scenes, which reach their cli-
max in a raid of the White Caps, made
still more thrilling since this takes place
near a bay of quicksand ready to engulf
the unwary and to set wrong: things right.
"While inferior to some of Mr. Chambers*
other work, - the story is bright and, en-
tertaining. (Published by FTederifk A.
Stokes. New York. Price fl 50.) -HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Late arrivals at
Highland Springs include: Mrs. George
Theobach, H. H. Williams, Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury. Mls3 Salisbury, Asa R. Wells
and wife. Mrs. A. H. TerriU. Arthur H.
Terrill, Miss N. Buckley, W. A. Edwards
and wife, Charles £. Echlln, W. Armagh
Marshall, George A. Hawkes, "Mrs. John
Traynor and- daughter. Miss Emma N.
Brady. C. H. Hirschfeld. J. A. Masterson,
B. C. Remmel, B. F. Sternheim, Mr. and
Mrs. Horst. A. B. Miner, N.W. Koats.
Mrs. A. Neuman, child and nurse, Henry
Neuman, Mrs. Williajn Watson and daugh
ter, Mr. and Mrs. J. Simpson, Miss Agnes
Simpson, Miss Maud Simpson, Miss Ange
lia Simpson, Master Valentine Miner, Her
bert E. Clayburgh, Mrs. Charles Adams,
Albert Adams, Dr. and. Mrs. Strickland,
Mrs. J. L. Murphy, Miss Annette Murphy,
Howard P. Holmes. Jim E. Triest, R.C.
Haas, Mr. and Mrs. Habenicht, .Miss Ro
den, Hon. J. B. Sullivan and family, A. P.
.Lyon,- J. H. Edwards, Mrs. Mary McNa-
Mrs. H. A: O'Brien and daughter Muriel
i j:re at Larkspur on their ark Xoali, where
j they are entertaining extensively during
j the season.
Dr. J. J. Henderson is taking an outing
in the eastern part of Nevada, and Will
rot return to this city until the first week
ir. Ausust.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Keefe and family, ac
companied by the Misses Etta and Belle
O'Brien, are spending the summer at Bel
vedere. •
; Masters Fred Haldin and Norman Feu-
I sir;- left on July l for Pescadero, to be
| gotip until the 1st of August.
I Mrs. Leah Friedman and her son Har
i old have gone tc Alameda for a week or
ten days.
Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Barry and his sister.
Mrs. J. F. Hodgkins. are spending their
vacation at Boheme Villa, Fairfax station.
Marin County.
Mayor Phelan, accompanied by Colonel
Walter S. Martin of the Governor's staff,
will sail from New York on next Wednes
day on the Oceanic. After a brief stay
in London they will proceed to Paris and
take a look at the exposition.
Mrs. Joseph Lancaster and Miss Ehie
Magerstadt have gone to Madrone Springs
for the summer.
Mi.ss Sadie Harris of 1954 Bush street
has gone on a visit to her grandparents,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Taussig of Virginia City.
Nev., to be present at their golden wed
ding anniversary, which will take place
Sunday, July 22. Her cousin, Miss Celia
Fischer of 1703 Baker street, accompanies
her.
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Baxter are at the
Hotel Metropole, Catalina Island
Professor William J. O'Brien and fam
ily of San Francisco are at Lake Tahoe
for the season.
The Misses Elsie and Martha Franklin
have gone to San Jose for a few we^ks.
Mrs. W. B. King and daughters, Misses
Flora and Annette, have gone to Santa
Cruz for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott are at the
Hotel Metropole in London, after having
spent several weeks in Scotland and Eng
land.
Mrs. E. E. Kragen has moved from 127
Ash avenue to 1534 Guerrero street.
Dr. and Mrs. Clyde Payne of New York
City will return to San Francisco about
August 1. after an absence of two years.
They will make San Francisco their per
manent residence.
Mrs. Ike Ro-onthal of Stockton is on a
visit to her sister, Mrs. II. S. Kohn, 2504
Clay street.
Julius Levy of 627 Locust avenue left on
the 3d of July for Europe and will be gone
three months.
Mrs. E. Barry, late of the McMahon
House. San Mateo. and Mrs. Dr. Hamlin
of Oakland have decided to spend the ¦um
mer at Blue Lakes.
Mrs. M. Whlteman of Roswell. N. M., is
on a visit to her son, J. H. Whiteman, 713
McAllister street.
Mrs. J. Brady and daughter Alice have
gone to Highland Springs to spend the
summer months.
Miss Lottie Robinson of 516 Ellis street
after a visit to relatives in Nevada City'
is th" guest of her aunt in Alameda.
Theo Lowe is at San Rafael for the sum
mer.
Colonel and Mrs. O. F. Long and two
children are at the Hotel Arcadia, Santa
Monica.
Miss Julia G. Altken left Saturday for a
visit to her sister. Mrs. W. L. Series of
Han ford.
Mrs. I,, w. Holbrook, with her daugh
ter Flossie, spent the Fourth in San
Francisco at the residence of her mother.
Mrs. M. Aitken. !
Rupert Fox of Benicia is visiting his
cousin. Flossie Holbrook of Fitchburg.
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Getz have visited the
principal cities of Germany, Belgium and
Holland and are at present in Paris. They
will visit Switzerland, Italy and England
before their return.
Mr. and Mrs. Isadore Davis and their
daughter. Miss Florence Davia, are spend
ing the month of July in Los Angeles and
San Diego.
Miss Emma G. Levy of San Jose is vis
iting her sister, Mrs. S. Brownatone, 214
Hyde street.
Miss Claire Brownstone Is spending her
vacation in San Jose with her grandpa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Levy.
I.ssie B. Myers is spending his vacation
in the Yosemite Valley. .
Mrs. J. F. Morgan and her daughter
Flossie are visiting Mr. and Mrs. D. W.
Campbell of San Jose for a short time.
Mrs. E. Asherson, Misa Esther Asher-
Ron and Maurice E.* Asherson leave for
Los Gatos next Monday to be gone a. few
weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Ben D. Harris, accom
panied bv Mrs." Mae S. Thomas, are
spending the summer near Ten Mile River
in Mendoclno County.
Mrs. Anna E. Williams will spend July
and August on her ranch near Santa
Cruz.
The Misses Theresa and Lily Sherwood
of Oakland are spending their vacation
at the Rowardenran Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Attell (nee Abrams)
will receive their friends to-day at their
residence, 132G Scott street.
¦ Mrs. Claude B. Davis left the city last
week for Chicago and the East, where
she will make an extended visit to rela
tives and friends.
Lieutenant B. C. Gilbert, who arrived
from Manila on the Sumner, has been ap
pointed instructor at West Point. After
a brief visit with relatives here Lleuten
snt Gilbert left last Sunday to spend the
rest of his leave with his parents in New
Mexico. _
L Sispnvine has gone to Bartlett
Springs for a month's stay.
Mr* John Orme of Ben Hur is spend
ing a few weeks in the city, the guest of
Mrs. John Grace of 423 Ninth street.
Mrs. William Willis. Miss Scott, Miss
Doherty and Mr. and Mrs. George A.
Knight are tho guests of Mr. and Mrs.
John F. Boyd at Oakwood Park farm,
Contra Costa.
At tbe Resorts.
Breitcngross, Ethel Carroll, Mrs. J. C.
Haughy. Miss B. Peguillon, Rose Cor
baley, Julia White, Lillio Jonson, Miss K.
. Peterson. f:velyn Wright, and the Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society; male quartet,
"On Dress Parade" (Double Eagle March)
(Arr. by McKenzie), William G. Baudoln.
J. P. Faivre, F. A. Griffins. Henry
PfaetJle; tamboritza foIo, "Bohemian
Girl" (Ualfe). (Croatian national instru-
I ment played for the first time in this city),
: F. S. Mllasich; "One Heart's Knouprh for
! Mo" (HIrshfeld), O. W. D'Aulnais"
I "Darky Slumber Songr. Hush. Hush.
i Hush" (Manley), (Arr. by McKenzie),
I Master George Kroger and McKenzie
I Musical Society: "Off to Camp" March
¦ (Rilberberg). (Arr. by McKenzie), Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society.
! The July party of the Alhambra Club
will be held Wednesday evening. July 18,
at Pioneer Hall No. 5. Pioneer Court on
i Fourth street. The parties of the above
I club will be held the third Wednesday of
j each month.
.
j
I
I
!
I
;
Personals
Mrs. S. Horwltz and daughter Hortense
of Fresno are spending the summer at 403
Leavenworth street.
Miss Meta Asher, pianist, accompanied
by her mother, has departed for a short
stay at Lake Tahoe.
Dr. George R. Harris and family have
returned from s six weeks' trip to .Lake
Tahoe and are now at their Oakland
home. Dr. Harris reports an abundance
of same in the Tahoe country.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Coushlan. who left here
last veok. "sail trom New York for Paris
in ll.o inn inst.
Tlir.UK v.as just one little ripple on
the social v.avc la.n and that
u-as can*cd by the iinnouncement of
the engagement of A. B. C. Donr
tr.aari and Miss Edith Louise Eien. daugh
ter of Mr. an<i Mrs. I^ouis Bien. Mr.
Dohrmnnn. the liappy groom to be. Is the
eldest son of K. \\\ Dohrman. lie is Jrcas
urer of the Nathan L>ohrman Company.
ar.J popular in business and social circles.
Mir-s r.ion is well known in musical clr
o-es a?>i enjoys "ai enviable reputation as
a plaaiste. Xo date for the wedding has
yet been Bet.
The marriage of Miss L51y Cantrowith.
daughter of Mrs. Lt::a Cantrowith, and
Samuel Sadler of Philadelphia took place
'¦a S-jr,day. July S. Owine to the recent
death la the ianjily it was a strictly fam
ily wedc'ir.pr.
At 5 o'clock, in Golden Gate Hall, on
Sunday. July s. Miss Annie Goldman
«U married to PbUlp Broit by the Rev.
Dr. Meyer. The ceremony wa.s witnessed
by the relatives and blends of the couple.
The maid of honor was Mis? llattie Peters
and the bridesmaids were the Misses
Larbiands. Josc-j.ii Klarnet acted as best
man and Abraham Kinv and David Frank
;*cte<l as ushers. After spending a week
In the interior Mr. and Mrs. Breit will
take up thf-ir ri-Fidcnce at 3<7 Oak street.
A quiet ihoui;h exiremcly pretty home
weddlni? was witnessed by the family and
h few of the most intimate friends of Miss
Jessie G. Turner and Fred O. Hurt in
Berkeley. iJonday *ven:npr. July 9. The
bride, a v«:ry charming and highly ac
complished young lady, was graduated
from the University of California in the
class of '1<7. The Kronm is the confidential
Ft-crelary of the manager of the Iron
r>!ount.M'n Copper Mining Company, Kes
v.:ck. The presents received by the young
couple were b"th numerous and beautiful.
After miking a short southern trip Mr.
aad JTrs. Hurt will bo at home, AugTjst
1, in Shasta, Cal.
f-jcme Gatf)2riog»
At hor home on Pacific avenue, July 11.
ZMiss May M.ipnrr entertained a number
of young lady friends at a dinner. The
table was beautifully decorated in lav
ender and white. During the evening
muflc was rendered by all those present.
Seated at the table Were: Misses Mae
Schuur. Ar.ita Warren, Galloway. Edith
Drlsooll. Maymy Costlff&n. Oenevieve CJal
lo-way. Loretta Sohurman, Helen Horn
burp ar.'l May Magner.
A very pleasant party was given by
MIfs Bertha. HimeloMt at her home In
KruitvaN* rn July 7. AmnnK those present
¦were: .Missi-s Xel! Mackintosh. Mav
Hoar, May Edler, Gertie Mackintosh.
Lottie Vincent. Lydia Schuster, Maude
Mackintosh. Lizzie Hoar. LiHi* N'ell. Al
rr.a H< mcffliit. < "lara (ireenwood; Messrs.
Jack <'i:rry. J.>s»ph Brady, James Ku»
sick. Gerald Grilfin, Jack Mackintosh,
Robert Payne, Jack Dunleavey, James
Kaine. <»»'<irce Cummirips. Oscar Theme,
Robert I^atimer. t'harles Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Haller celebrated
thoir marriape anniversary on July 9 at
the banquet hall of a downtown restau
rant. Th<.<=e present were: f'olonel Isaac
Trumbo. Mrs. Edward MeGurrin. Mrs
Maihildf Ynlke. lltea M^ary Davis. Miss
Wiima 'Juldpn. Miss L. Ewald, Miss Adele
Kufk. Mi?s Nellie Sullhan. Mr. and Mrs.
Szesredv. Mr. arid Mrs. Gramlow. Mr. and
JMrs. S. Unman, Mr. and Mrs. John
Nnvitsky. Mr. and Mr?. Seidel, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Grosser. Andrew Trumbo, Dr. A.
Ptorn, J. <irabcnhoff. S: FrledlinKer,
Pteve Kern. Anton Kenpoes, Paul Bai!.
John N -ivitsky Jr.. B. Berber. Leonhard
Hylen. Charles Stork, J. Loranz, Mr. and
Sirs. S. Hoffman.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
priven to Gertrude Mehrtens at her res
idence. 30 Eleventh street. on Sundayeven
!r.;r. July » Amoni? those present were:
Mr. ar.'l Mrs. Mohrtcns, Mr. and Mrs.
I5fmbfirc. Mr. Fornnies. Mr. Vermlebe,
ilrs. Bchrt-ens, Mrs. Koennies, August
bfehrtens, Arthur Mchrtens, Johnny
Mehrtens, Ilarrv Ccpp, Henry Bohlmer.
Oharks \\ r es!-el. Benjamin Levy. Edward
Simmon?, Jesse Behrens. Theodore
Fuendeltnx, Leslie Barron. Edward John
son, Charles Simmons, Dora Behlnier.
E.i.mn Pausman, Lizzie Bill, Matilda
Murj, Edith Toft. Rose Carew. Helen
Scobie. Dora BcobSe, Johanna Asohman,
Gertrude Mchrtens.;
Cub Pcrties
Independence day was appropriately
rrlenrated by the campers at Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County. Dancing, oxer
rises and frames constituted the events of
the day and evening.
The members ami friends of the
Anemone Social Club spent a very enjoy
able evening. June 3c. at a blackberry
I «rvcial given at the home of .1. I?. Paulson.
i 174 San Carlos avenue. Music, frames and
! dancing were the enjoyments of the even
1 ing. Many musical selections were ren
' «ler«<l by Miss A. Paulson and Miss M.
! Malione. A repast was served at " late
hour. Those present were: Miss F. Cook.
Miss M. Mallone, Mis:; F. Burger. Miss A.
Beauford. Miss F. Heaufonl. Miss A.
Oreeninper. Miss J. Greenineer. Miss A.
Paulson, Miss A. MeNuIty. M!.-s K. Mycif.
Mrs. Myers, 1*. Martin. O. Johnson. A.
Johnson. L. Simpson. U. C. Grecnlnger, J.
11. Paulson. T. McXulty.
Sailed Away.
The following Oaliforniars sailed for
Europe on the Hamburg-American lino
express steamship Fn-rst Bismarck from
New York June 2S: Mr. and Mrs. Fran, is
Burton Harrison and mnid. Edgar 1).
Pelxotto. Mr. and Mrs. J. Conrad. <••
Klamm. Mr. and Mrs. J.->hn F. Cpnners.
MISS Emily M. Stetson. Louis Strauss .Al
fred Buhot. Alfred Navlet, Mr. and Mrs.
Paul Schenke. N. D. Blmny, A. L. Pat
lullo. - , w
On the annual crulso to the Land of the
Midnight Sun from Hamburg, July 4. for
Norway the North Cape an<i Spitzbergen
on the Hamburg-American lino express
Ftenmship Aug-usta Victoria: Mrs. A. Hell
rcan Mi?s Camilla Hellman. Miss Hor
ter.se Hfllman. Mr. and Mrs. George
Thomas Pago. Mi.*s I^slie Page. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Nowmark. Mis? ROM Loeb.
On the HamliurR-Aitiorion lino steam
ship Kaiser Friedrtch from New York. fnr
Europe Julv o: Mrs. Ryland B. Wal
lace. Bradley L. Wallace. W. G. Hrnshaw.
S. R. Bomanji, Ixmip Metzger. Sylvain
Pchna-lttacher. Mr. and Mrs. Emfl Arndt.
Mrs. J. L. Franklin. Philip J. Franklin.
Mrs. Erma C. Salomon. Rev. C. F. Oeh
ler. Miss Clara A. IJntz. A. Boettcher.
Those whu sailed on the steamship Mo
ana for Auckland and Sydney on
July 11 were: For Apia—Lieutenant
•'ommand'-r Edward J. Dorn. V. S. A.:
Max Reinhardt: for Sydney—George Ad
ams YV. Blair. H. Burton. R. C. Campbell.
Dr. D. M. Coonley, E. Curthoys and wife,
R. C. Fairbairn. G. R. Fraser, A. R. Ful
ler an<l wife. R. P. Greer, H. L. Jones.
T. C. Kerry, Alex Knlpht. A. Luochinelli.
AViMiam Marrian. H. B. M^rshiUl. Mrs.
J. Masseran, Mrs. C. .C. McDaniel. John
McLachlan and wife. Walter von Mussil,
A. C. Nelson. J. J. Parmelre. G. Patter
son and wife. P. Patterson. O. L. Reming
ton. E. S. Ross. Miss Mabel Ross, James
Rowan and wife. John Sandford and wife.
A. Sandner, Mrs. Mary Sloman. F. Stol
tenhofl*. AY. B. Stuckey. wife and four
children. Miss A. Virchow. George Walker
and wife. L. R. W'hyt-?. Broome 1^. Witts;
join at Honolulu for Sydney—A. A. Brown,
Rev. C. H. Buck and wife. H. C. Elk
ington. Miss Azalea C. Keyes, Mrs. J. R.
Mackenzie.
In the future.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Harris will receive
their friends this Sunday. July 15. at their
residence, 461 East Fourteenth street,
Oakland, the occasion being the twenty
fifth anniversary of their marriage.
The Sons of Vermont will give no enter
tainment this month. Their next social
will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall on the
llrst Friday in August.
A bonbon party will be given at the res
idence of Mrs. T. J. Leahy. 1603 Dolores
street, Tuesday, July 17. for the benefit
of St. Michael's booth, St. Paul's bazaar.
The twenty-fourth invitation muslcale
and hop of the McKenzie Musical Society
will take place at Odd Fellows' Hall on
Tuesday evening. July 19. The following
excellent programme has been prepared
for the occasion: Overture (Welsel);
"Bridal Chorus," Lohengrin (Wagner),
McKenzie Musical Society; "O Promise
Me" Robin Hood (De Koven), Master
George Kroger: "Waiting Love" (Arr. by
McKenzie from Seller's "Remember Me"
Gavotte). McKenzie Musical Society:
"Mine Always." Charles F. Le Long:
"Cuban Dance." in Spanish (Arr. by Mc-
Kenzie). Ladies' Quartet (Mrs. J. C.
Laws. Mrs. Alice Hawkes, Miss E. Car
roll, Miss E. Breitengross), and McKenzie
Musical Society; "A Mother's Song" first
lime (words by A. J. Waterhouse, music
bv H. M. Bo?worth). Mrs. L. Lampe, Rose
Koppell, Mrs. Alice» Hawkes, Miss E.
won second prize in a driving contest held
on the Coronado golf links Saturday. The
first prize was won by Lieutenant BlaK
ley of tho United States steamship
Ranger.
G. Wharton James, the author and lec
turer, his wife and daughter of Pasadena
are among late arrivals at Hotel del Cor
onndo.
Mrs. Jacob! of San Francisco, on a sev
eral months' trip to Southern California,
gave a porch party at her Coronado cot
tage Tuesday in honor of northern
friends. " , . ,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Pierce of Oak
land are enjoying a sojourn at Coronado
as guests at Hotel del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Hall arrived from
San Francisco last week for a month at
Tent City. Camp Coronado.
SARATOGA SPRINGS — Among the
guests at Saratoga Springs are: ban
Francisco— Mrs. Charles B. Havens, -\liss
Helen R. Havens. Mrs. L. E. Conrad, Dr.
Max Magnus, Mrs. W. E. Lutz and son.
Miss Hazel Lutz, Miss Mabel Hendy, N.
T. Field and son. N. Steinberger and son.
D. D. Wass. Mr. and Mrs. Leon Levy.
George S. Reid and wife, C. Schroder.
Miss Elkins. D. D. Hollings, Henry
Lemcke. J. Tiedeman. D. D. Keane. S. M.
Simon; London, England— Mrs: M. T.
Wone, JMSss L. M. Brown; Oakland— F. Vv .
Larrabee, John Hampton; Riverside — fa.
V. Brown and wife: Fresno— Mrs. L. Gun
deltin.ger. Kathie Gundelflnger, Ed Gun
delfiifKer and nurse, Phoebie Hatch;
I.akc-port— H. C. Ashe and wife, Mrs. W.
L. Rideout.
BLUE LAKES-The following guests
registered at Blue Lakes during the past
week: From San Francisco — S. Lowen
stein. J. B. Pauson, J. Bamberger. L.
Frank. N. Steinberger. Mrs. J. Thelrbach,
Miss E. Theirbach, Mrs. A. Schwerin.
Mrs. William A. RospcUI. Mrs. A. Cor
nahrer.s, M^rs. Pet Ehrenpfort. Mrs. A.
W. Cornahrens, AY. H. Stinson. P. F.
Rochett. Frank E. Cordcs. Dr. Max Mag
nus. J. Mendelson. C. E. Ellis. Mrs. E. A.
Selfridge. Miss K. fi. Stlfridge. Master
J. S. Selfridge. Master S. W, Selfridge.
MIm Cornwall. H. J. Hastings, Miss Marie
Thompson. Mrs. M. Wumsch. Miss Clara
Joseph. Miss Sachs, Miss Carrie G. Sachs,
George F. Roberts. Mrs. A. Marks, S. L.
Marks, Miss E. Marks, Mrs. Clara Cole
man. maid and three children, H. K.
Marks, Miss Mary Fredericks, F. G.
Montealegre, Thomas J. Spiilane. Lewis J.
Meancy, Mrs. A. Meaney, Miss A. Mea
ney, L. Dusenberry ar.d wife, Miss Min
nie Dusenberry. J. Levy and wife, Mrs.
John Kcogh, Miss Clara Keogh, Miss Al
ice Keojjh. Miss IV.uline Ivancovich,
James M. Hanley, Mrs. Frederick, Mrs.
O. G. Kennedy. Gerald D. Kennedy, Mrs.
W. F. Burke, James Shea and wife, Mr.
Farrell ar.d wife. A. II. Frank. Miss K.
M. -Applegate. John Traynor and wife.
Miss Irene G. Traynor. J. E. Triest; from
Ross Valley— Mfcs Emma Brady; from
VaravMk— E. A. Price and wife: from
rkiah— Dr. K. M. Lundberg: from Oak
liiml—Mrs. I*. A. Schrock, Florence E.
Ilau-h, Mrs. C. E. Hatch, Clara Degen,
T. Atolff, Miss L. Atolff; from San Ra
fael—Mrs. H. G. Hopkins. Miss Jenette F.
Saunders. E. W. McCarthy and wife.
Miss Lorclla McCarthy, Miss Evelyn Mc-
Carthy; from Lakeport— J. Levy and wife;
from Napa— J. 11. Masterson, Mr. and
Mrs. George Hab^nicht; from Milpitas —
Miss Bessie E. Roden; from Juneau— Bert
E. Rennel; from Riverside— L. V. W.
Brown and wife.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered last week at Byron Hot
Springs: J. H. Cutter. M. Nathan. J. J
Hints, Miss Davis. F. Holstrom Jacob
Klemm, Miss M. E. Wills. Miss Greggs.
C. Wickers. J. M. Long. M. J. Gun.lier.
Simon Meyer. M. H. Marrpw, M. Scholten.
Mark E. Lewis, S. Silverberg. Mrs. Wilson
and daughter, George S. Andres and wife
J. Olson. Ethel B. Crane. W. B. Epler S.
Nogel. David Irwin. Thomas Kirkpatrick
Harvey Matthews, S. Dannenberg George
Hering. William Conn. Berthe Bloch Julie
Bloch, Lou, M.. Classen, Sol Lewis Pansy
Lewis Mrs. S. Rau, John A. Adams and
»Y! fe <, John S - MiIls - H. A. Long. Mrs. E.
\\. MfKlnstry, Mrs. D. H. Hedgfs. Mrs.
J - M. Long, J. M. Long Jr., John Wilson.
C. H. Miles and wife. L. Dresdner.'Charle?
Colman H K. Krueger, C. Davis. Dan
Sh.-y. \\ . Eisenberg. N. Ellis. Kate F.
Casey, Miss Jean Wills, Mrs. George
Hering. Miss A. E. Slavan. C. Larson
Mrs. S. B. Shuman, Peter Daly J M
Morrison, C\ O. Poole, San Francisco; Ed
Haley A. D Gordon and wife. San Joae;
Mrs J L. Gilbert. Mrs. H. Grantz. W. M
Bttteridge. A. Machan, Mrs. A llalemeer
Mrs A. Kusrhupt. A. C. Ru-chupt. L." P.'
Neil and wifo. Miss M. Shipp Miss L
rSiRP' J - o Rjan - W. irwa^an,
V, illiam Romer, I Gorste. Max Marcuse
Oakland: R. S. Hansharger, Mrs C F
Reltze. Seattle; Rose Munyan. A. Munyan'
Haywards: X. AVcstheimer. X? w York- j'
Mopkinson R.. Chrlstern, Sacramen'toj
Mrs. M. Keene, BrucevlIIe; Miss Mav
Dunnigan, Antioch; J. Porobich. Amadof
3. Marks. P B. Donohue. Pleasanton: W
t>. Harris and wife, Joseph Glasson, Grass
VICHY SPRIXGS-Those registered at
,, l H iy S R rln e s during the past week in
clude: Dr. and Mrs. Strickland, Dr L
Ortenbaum. H. A. Friedman, Miss ci
1-riciJman, A. Friedman. Leon Lew, H.
L Close John J. Whelan, A. L. Bork
heim, Minnie Rosensteln, Sadie Rosen
wS£i • T M t? S fef' Mrs - M ulchoy. Miss
Mulchoy, J. H. Edwards, A. M. Duncan.
J. P. Cunningham and wife, T L
Caughey, A. J. Thatcher. F. C. Handv
T. J. Weldon and wife. Mrs H KPot
ler. Mrs. M. E. Stanfleld, Mrs A Vl-irkq
Miss Ethel Marks, Dr. H. Meyer Dr L*
H. Hoffman, M. G. Hoffman. William Dd
vis, Robert Ewing and wife, Jean Ewlng
Peter Robertson. Airs. S. P. Cotton. Miss
C Avestley, James P. Rose. San Fran
cisco; E. C. Brown, wife and son, Mrs.
II. L. Shearer, Miss Shearer. G. W
Brock, D. Kinsell. John Burton. Miss May
Ferguson Mrs. E. B. Elliott. William
Mercer, Oakland; Mrs. George H. Mor
rison, Alameda; A. J. Fairbanks and wife,
Miss Fairbanks, Bert Fairbanks, Miss
Jessie Fairbanks, Charley Barnhart L
Green. II. Elliott. Petaluma.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE— The follow
ing Rtiestsregistered at Independence Lake
during the )>ast week: Mrs. A. G. Brooke
Ridley, A. Brooke Ridley, Mrs. E. H. Da
venport, A. S. Taylor and wife. Dr. and
Mrs. H. I. Jones. S. Forbes and wife A
B. Finch, Mrs. Clarke Wise. P. W. Wat
son. Mrs. 1'. W. Watson. San Francisco;
Jacqueline Moore, Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow,
Miss Goodfellow. Miss Edith Goodfellow,
George W. Goodfellow, Miss Martha D.
Baker, Mrs. C. H. Dunsmore.Miss Duns
more, Master Ashley Dunsmore, Frank
Girard. J. S. Rowell. H. Gllbertson, Miss
Grace Gilbertson. Oakland; Mrs. A. S.
Baker, Sacramento.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN— The arri
vals include: Miss Laura F. Taylor, Mrs.
Clara Schocken. Mrs. A. A. Wilson. Mrs.
Washington Dodge, Mrs. L. A. Nichols,
Miss Maude Nichols, Mr. and Mrs. H. K.
Belden, Miss Louise Belden, Miss Nordina
lielden. Miss May Blayney, A. C. Keeler
child and nurse. Joseph E. O'Donnell and
wife, Carl A. Henry and wife, J. W. Vor
winckle. J. L. Bradbury, Lionel J. Garcet.
and wife. Mrs. Samuel McMurtrie. Miss
Eleanor McMurtrie, Miss Percis McMur
trie. J. O. Boyle, Mrs. E. B. Stone, Mrs.
J. R. Farrell, Mrs. H. T. Lally, N. B.
Knox. Mrs. S. J. Knox, Mrs. E. B. Jen
nings, J. W. Wallace. L. W. Trecon.
ueorge Hewlett and wife. Mrs. F. A. Gra
zer, Arnold Grazer, Hazel Callahan,
Henry St. Goar and wife. Baroness von
Kovlatski, Lothar von Koviatski, Mrs.
Cosgrove, Miss von Wilhelm, F. K. Lave,
Fred Ernest, Charles St. Goar, Stephen S.
Castle. Edith Lloyd. J. L. Buell. Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. Houghton. A. B. Price. W. S.
Fulton, A. Sheath. Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Mann, child and maid. Captain G. Wend
ing. Mrs. W. I. Kip, Rev. W. I. Kip Jr..
Miss Margarette Mee. San Francisco; E.
B. Stone and wife, Elmhurst: W. Daunt
Scott. Salt Lake City: Dr. E. F. Deal
and family, Virginia City, Nev.: Miss c.
M. Bluhme, Copenhagen, Denmark: Mrs.
James Cunningham, Mountain View; Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Lamb, W. A. Warner.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Walsh, F. S. Searls,
R. M. Thompson, J. F. Coope,
C. E. Lilly. Santa Cruz; J. Buell.
Miss Lou Mills, Miss Eugene Mill*
San Jose: Mr. and Mrs. H. F. An
dcrron. Miss Gertrude Gates, W. Aubrey
Fortescuo, W. R. B. Handyside, Miss Os
borne, W. Madden. Sunny Slope: Florence
B. "Terhure, Pauline Terhune, Salt Lake
City; Morris Bailey. San Jose: C. P. Bai
ley, Sacramento: George C. Jensen, Mr.
and Mrs. E. M. Kevs. Harold ) Keys,
Alameda: George II. Wheaton find wife
George S. Wheaton, John D. Ackermann,
Mrs. J. D Ackermann, Miss Phyllis Ack
ermann, Miss Zoe Ackermann, Miss
Gladys Ackermann, . Miss Berta Acker
mann, Or.klandrDr. J. Sanger; Manila, P.
I.: Charles E. Hodges. H. R. Fairclough.
Stanford: C. M.I Williams, Minneapolis:
A. C. Roscoe, San Jose; Mrs. G. M. Keel
er. Whittenville. Mass. ; G. Vorwlnekle.
Cologne, Germany: Mr. and Mrs. Archie
JIoITenry, Menlo Park; Mr. and Mrs. C.
P. Wpolworth. Carleton. N. Y. : Mrs. W.
H. Reddlnitton," Miss Ruth Reddlngton,
Chicago; Mrs. J. L. Gilbert, Mrs. M. L.
Gilbert. Berkeley: " Mrs. John H. Drain,
Miss Florence Drain, Los Angeles; W. E.
Meek and wife. San Lorenzo.
' PASO ROBLES— Arrivals at Paso Ro
bies during the rast week Include: George
L. Colburn. C. T. Parker. A. M. del Piaz.
Julius Loebl, Stanley Ponton, J. H. Jones
Mrs. P. Plover, Miss K. Plover. J. J. Sul
livan. S.Seellg. C. H. Woolington. H.Bar
ner and wife, Mre. Wulzen.-Miss A. Wul
zen. Dan Einstein. W. H. Francis, C. E
Stockbridge and wife, R.B. Collier. Adolph
Klau. W. A..Marrion,.F. H. Levy.H. E.
O'Brien. Fred H. Hunter. D. Bibbero, J.
H. Wise, J. B. Hlcka, Charles Stuckert
E. LI de Arman, L. H.:Barner, O. Harms
and wife,'- E. A. Kobert, S. Mnier, Gu 3
mam, J. L. Brown. A. N. Nelckells. John
M. Hanley, J. M. Hein, Lloyd T. Needs,
Mrs. M. Fredricks, Dr. Max Magnus, C.
Hirshfleld. R. A. Boggess, Mrs. R. A.
Boggess. Walter G. Haxe, Henry N. Haxe,
Con Roman, F. A. Bettis, Mrs. F. A.
Gunn, Miss Jennie Gunn, Mrs. Henry Dur
neal, C. M. Sudler, Miss N. C. Burke. A.
H. Frank. W. R L. Campbell, H. M. Bar
ry, Miss Edna Barry. Mrs. C. S. Behlew.
W. Wnllace Behlew, R. E. Behlew, Mr.
and Mrs. Dennett, Master Gordon Dennett,
John Taylor. J. P. Fritzman and wife,
Mrs. B. j. Kennedy. Gerald D. Kennedy.
D. D. Wass, J Clauss. Miss A. B. C-auss,
Miss Sullivan, Mrs. W. F. Burke, A. B.
Parker, E. W. McCarthy. Mrs. B. W. Mc-
Carthy. Miss Loretta McCarthy, Miss Bre_
lyn McCarthy, Miss M. Ryan. Mrs. Dick
son, Ashley R. Faull. San Francisco; 1> . J.
Wimperly, Mr. and Mrs. James Hambly,
S. P. Messick and wife. Miss Fannie Mar
tin, Miss Lillian Martin, Master Herbert
Turrcll. W. F. Farrar, Alameda; Dr. D. D.
Crowley, Mrs. Crowley, two children and
maid. J. Gerstle. C. H. Daly. Miss Mabel
Daly, G. N. Hein, Mrs. Brady. Miss Alice
Brady. H. W. Banner and wife. D.
Symmes, J. Lynch, J. Mange. Mrs. J.
Mange and son. Mrs. A. Irvin, O. D. Ham
lin. Master Hamlin. Mr. and Mrs. Goode,
Oakland; Mrs. Dickson. Mrs. E. Billcke.
A. C. Billcke, Los Angeles: Miss Effle Eg
bert. Walter Egbert. Rio Vista.
PARA1SO HOT SPRINGS-The follow
ing guests registered at Paraiso during
the past week: From San Francisco — Mr.
and Mrs. Charles E. Fredericks. Joseph
Micbaelschke and wife. E. R. Loundes
and family, E. H. Young, L. Crocker. K
F. McD. Crag. 1. T. Rosenhaum. Helen
Rosenbaum. Miss Collins. Mrs. R. T. Van
Norden, James T. Boyd, R. A. Doak, Miss
Bertha Smith. Harry Block and wife,
Miss Elise Beth Block, Milton Block,
Charles Block, J. A. Boyd and wtfe.Alleen
Boyd. Veronica Boyd, Helen Boyd, Kath
rine Boyd; from San Jose-Miss Kate
Haggerty. Miss Emma Basse; from Sa
linas — Captain O. Cayer, F. ¦ Roeding,
Ethel Joe Dorn, Mrs. A. M. Lloyd,
Carl D. Dorn, Elsie E. Dorn, A.
J. Zabala. N. A. Dorn, Fred E. Mc-
Collum; from Watsonville— M. S. Lofcs
and wife: from Los Angeles — John H.
Drain, Kathrir.e Black; from Yuba City—
G. W. Carpenter; from Santa Cruz—Wil
liam Rennie; from Belmont— Charles E.
Dugan and wife.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Gilroy Springs during
the past week: From Sun Francisco —
James Shea, J. F. Nolan. J. R. Dickey,
T. Murphy, C. O. Kelley. Andrew (Jerth,
Felix Mulvinna, Charles Mlcballu, Mr.
Glavin and wife, Mlsa Lenora Trant, It.
II. Hinriehson, John S. Rohbins and wifo.
Airs. (J. Breon, J. A. plrich and wife, B.
Mirsky. Joseph Granvillc, V. I. de Dob
rogoiska. Miss A. A. de Dobrogolska. Miss
V. L. Dobrogoiska, Henry Prfgge, Louis
11. Kohan. William Lafenz, E. Gorman.
Owen Gorman, Miss Theresa Gorman.
J. J. Mahoney, Mrs. I*. A. Jlahoney, C.
Crockett. Thomas Roland; trom Oakland—
Mrs. William Sweeney, Joe Sweeney, Wal
ter Sweeney, Hazel Perry, James McAllis
ter and wife. Francis McAllister Jr., Miss
Anna McAllister, Miss Marie Flynn, Miss
Kunnle Peterson, Ed Worder and wife,
Miss Susie Roeben, A. W. White, J. W.
Sperb, P. 11. Medau; from Alameda— Mrs.
A. M. Marston, J. A. Merle; from Belve
dere—Mrs. E. T. Spring, Jackson Spring,
Margaret Spring, Dorothy Spring Ada
McKay; from San Jose— Charles M Short
ridge and wife. James A. Kidward, Flor
ence Ashmore; from Tahiti — D. Atwater;
from Sacramento— Dr. R. L. Wait and
wife, G. S. Walt and wife, Percy Walt.
Mrs. M. Hyde, William Hyde; from
Watsonville — Thomas F. Murray, James
Griffin; from Hollistei— Ell A. French,
L. Ramsdell; from Gilroy— Walter Walsh,
Joe Walsh, Ena Miller, Mrs. A. Ward,
Miss Marguerite Walsh, Miss G. Ward,
J. C. Jackson and wife. Helen Jackson,
J. William Kllpatrick, G. Pedemonte, D.
Dclerlo, Mrs. G. JPrlncevalle, Joe Prince
valle. E. E. Lewis. Jack Clark, Miss
Marie Clark. George Dowdy, Frank Dow
dy, J. O'KarTerty.
THE GEYSERS— Arrivals at the Gey
sers Springs include: J. F. Bowers, W. R.
Morrison, wife ana children, L. H. John
son, Charles E. Glosa and wife. Bush Fin
ncll, C. Forbes and wife, F. B. Gens
zezynskl and wife, A. I. Miner and wife,
Miss Beatrice Miner, W. G. Marbin and
wife, Mrs. J. T. McCormick and son, Mi=s
Ethel McCormick, Henry Roponfeld and
wife, Thomas D. Colestock and wife, Miss
Luise O. May, Louis Feldneam Jr., W. Q.
Haxe, F. W. Haxe. Annie T. Crowley,
Margaret I. Crowley, Miss M. E. Crowiey,
Edward Coleraan, Miss Fersus Coleman,
Miss Jenet Coleman, Mrs. J. J. Splcker,
Miss Georgie Splcker, Miss A. Karle, Mrs.
Palmer, Mrs. C. II. Gray, Geo. G. Lawler,
T. Gale Perkins, J. F. Wickman, Dr. Mor
ris, Mrs. James Dooley and son. Fowler
Mallett, Jack Russell • Slerers, George
Bennett and wife, Mrs.-M. Mayer, Flor
ence Bennett. B. F. Sheyor.^Mrs. A. G.
Karski. Milton May. AV. H. Deming. Mrs.
F. Katz Jr., Flossie Katz. l.illle
Katz. Pnilip and Fred Katz, Mrs.
J. Schmidt and children. Edith White.
Edwina Davis, Mrs. F. V. Davis,
Mrs. H. E. Leavitt, William G. Fotrarty.
Albert L. Butler, Sajn Solomon, J. H. Ed
wards, Thomas P. Bacon, Miss F.
Deutsch, Miss E. Garms. Bertha D. Mohr,
Gladys V. Beringer, Kunie Krug. Mrs.
Hellberb and son. Annie Hellberb, Fritz
Krug, Charles Boltz. H. F. Soplichting.
L. L. Schuler, Max Magnus, Otto Rrlner,
H. Strasser, Percy Hain, Cella I. Fried
man, Dr. and Mr3. Strickland, Alice Lasf
well. Abraham and Henry A. Friedman.
San Francisco; Miss Carrie Nicholson,
Miss Rozelle Nicholson, A. A. Long, J. G.
Allen, F. W. Larrabee, Miss Gage, Miss
Ethel Gage. J. Williams. Marion Bromley,
Grace M. Hostetter, Gertrude A.
Benjamin. W. Bacon, Miss A. L. Cushing,
Charles H. Cushing, Oakland: Mrs. G. B
Bear. Mrs. George E. Brush. T. B. Wilson
and wife. S. L. Pixley, L. W. Gadham.
Miss Helen Xordl, Miss Ethel Caldwell,
J. Johns, G: L. McCray. S. L.
Pixley; L. W. Gadham, Cloverdale;
James Cuthbert. Stanwood. "U'ash. : Miss
A. Anderson, Alameda; H. A. Bov\-ers.
Preston; Mrs. James P. Thompson. New
York; W. J. Leeper and wife, Vallejo;
Mrs. M. M. Lewis, Virginia; A. C. Calms.
Texas; Mrs. M. Lopez and son. Salvador;
Nellie Jones. Guernevllle: L. L. Schuler.
Alameda; Miss Eleanor Jones, ! San
Rafael; Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Jackson.
Spring Villa, la.; O. Gramcher, Los An
geles: W. S. Fleming. Sausalito; Mi3s Lil
lian B. Brooks. David Powell and wife.
Misses Jeanette and Margaret Powell,
Marysvllle.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Late arriv
als at Klamath Hot Springs include: A.
S. Armuth, L. Leon,. Miss A. Arnold. P. O.
Hodgen and wife, Charles S. Levy. Joe
Schloss, M. R. Higgins and wife, J. H.
Dlbbcrn, San Francisco; Dean Mason and
wife, Mrs. A. Gillis, J. R. Eaton, Klam
ath; Rev. Thomas Filben. Rev. James
Eaton. Pacific Grove; J. D. Hammond,
New York: MIps M. Foulke, L. M. Foulke
Jr.. L. S. Foulke. Gazelle; Frank Harris,
Oakland; R. Brent Mitchell Jr., William
Alfs. wife and child. Alameda.
HOTEL VENDOME— Late arrivals at
the Hotel Vendome. San Jos<\ include: H.
V. Scott. "W. A. Kenney, T. McMulIen
General J. F. Houghton.Mrs. J. F. Hough
ton, >llssy Houghton. J.- C. Bothin and
daughter. Miss Kate Mlhan. J. T. Rergin
C. V. H. Kinj?. Georpe *A. Rig*?. Mr. and
Mrs. D. V. Walker. Mrs. Lay, Miss Lay
F. W. Henshaw, W. II. King, Miss Nlch
elsburg. Miss Newhurg. . A. L.
Friedlander. Mrs. James Jerome,
Miss Jerome. T. II. Ackcrman. B.
Pawlicki. P. F. Baiter, Miss Ailce Cutler,
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Murphy. Mr. and Mrs.
George A. Beveridge. Mrs. R. J. Coflln C
P. Hall, Dr. J. D. Hall. Edward Pond and
family. E. C. Seavy. F. L. Sewell, Victor
C. B. Means. J. J. Gottlob, Joseph Gott
lob, A. C. Jackson and wife. D. W. Graves
Miss Fitzgerald, MissM. Fitzgerald. J. C.
Carpenter and wife, S. Hollub, Miss Mabel
Hollub, Herbert K. Selbv, Mrs. P. Plover.
Miss Katharine Plover, Miss L. Hoe, Mrs!
P. W. Faulk and two maids. Peter R.
Lund, S. Dinkelspeil and family, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Bachman. D. E. Epler, Harry
Lyons and wife, Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Sew
ell, George A. Moore. Reynold White
Stephen R. Harris, James K. Wilson, Miss
Marie Wilson. Isaac Upham. J. A. Fenzer
Miss F. Grant, Warren S. White, Mr3. E.'
L. Goldstein and maid, Philip S. Barman
and wife, San Francisco; A. C. Jackson
and wife. Oakland; E. W. Wheeler. J. "\V.
Flynn, H. Heim, A. Onderdonk, Mr. and
Mrs. George S. Cox Jr., Misa Maybell Cox
W. J. Cahill, New York; H. S. Deming
and wife. Miss Josephine Deming:. Miss
Dorothy Deming. Santa Cruz; W. J. Bar
rett and wife. J. P. Davenport, S. L.
Beach, Los Angeles.
HOTEL. CORONADO— Professor Carlos
Troyer, the San Francisco musical com
poser, who has been at San Diego for
several months, and G. Wharton James
the' author, held a reception at Hotel del
Coronado Tuesday last.
Mies Hortense Childs and ' Steven V
Childs are among well-known society peo
ple of Los Angeles at present at Coro
nado.
Mrs.' C. F. Mullens of San Francisco
gave a very pretty dinner party Monday
in honor of Captain Fields of the United
States steamship Ranger and. Miss Fields.
Mrs. Mary C. Sharkey of Peoria, 111
niece of the late, Robert G. Ingersoll, who
has been at Hotel del Coronado for sev
eral months, left for the East Thursday
last. i ' :
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Frackelton and
family party are at Tent City, Camp Cor
onado, this month. ' . ¦ .... ¦¦- •¦--.- •-.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Richardson and Mr.
Stanley Richardson of Riverside are at
the hotel for an indefinite period.
Secretary H. P. Wood of the San Diego
Chamber of, Commerce and family are at
Coronado for this month. -
Miss Ella O'Connor of San Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
were: Messrs. Leslie Siriith. A. M. Smith.
K. A. McMillan, H. H. Cooper, J. C. Bur
ton. Guy West and Dr. H. C Stinchfield.
Miss Mary Folsom gave an informal
mu.^icale at her home on North Griffin
avenue on Monday afternoon. A number
of guesta were in attendance. Tho^p who
represented the programme were: Edna
Barlow, Hazel Harl.-w. Marjorte Mosher.
Kclith Holmes. JMatx-1 Colyer. Grace Mur
phy, Josephine Lacey ami Ida Trask.
l>r. li. C. I'iatt, the president of th»» Na
tional Association of Belgian liar*- Judges
j?a\-e a Delglan hare »linner last Saturday
at his home on Grand avenue in honor of
Mrs. b. C. Martin, the secretary of tho
association.
Mlsa Petrea Hnrst Doyle, daughter of
-Mr and Mrs. Robert J. Doy!e of Thirty
sixth street, was marri^fl on Tuesday
evening to William Frazior IJnyd by the
Row Franris P. I.arkin. pastor of the Uni
versity Methodist Church. The bride wa*
very becomingly attired In a. p>wn «>ff
wnite lan«-.lowne trimmfd with white satin
and pearls. She carried, white carnation-*
and ferns. The llfaue* r^ui.^e and Mar
***** Fowler were the little Mtendants
while Philo .Tones and John IViylo acted
u usher?. The Misses Grace Philips an-1
Louler Lord played th<> wedding march.
The tables were carried out in blue an-l
feV^.1% tne , coI / > " of the Sigma Chi fn
ternUy, of which the groom la a promi
nent member. Mr. and Airs. Lloyd left
/. the uP1T th ' t0 ** ateetrt a few days.
BltM whloh they will reside In this city.
r« «Jn" , Me I ¥ Ad . lf>r and children have gone
to Santa Monica for thr summer.
Mrs. Hftfan of Oak street has as her
guests Mrs. if. & Hanson and daughter
of Sacramento.
rS ; °f» r i Iar , r a»son and little son have
gone to Iiedomlo for the summer
The Misses Eliza Bonsall and Florrno
Silent are cuests of Miss Louiso MacFar
!aml at hor cottasre in Rcdonrio.
Lieutenant Commander E. J. Dorn wilt
l^ave m a short time to Join his afcio a:
fcamca,
Mrs. Eradnor W. T^e and sons left on
Sunday evening for the East, where they
will spend the summer.
Miss Frances Coulter left on Tuesdar
evtnlns for (.hicaso. where she will visit
friends, and from there she will go to New
>ork and take passage for Europe wh«-r«»
she expects to visit many points of inter
est. Including- the Pari3 Exposition
Misa Lillie Scanlon. the weil-known
Vn^u- m^r sone to ke Tahoe to *****
C. G. Kruscr left on Tuesday for thm
East to attend to business affairs
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Bralv and A. IT
Braly will leave in a short time for K>ra ¦
Lake en a fishing excursion.
Tom Gam tt, tho newspaper nan, will
leave on next Saturday for Xew York
Mrs. W M. Murphy, accompanlefl br
Mr. and Mrs. M. M. c.rigs. left on Satur
day evening for Chicaso and New rork
where thry will spend the summer
Fred Btaacbard has gone to Chicago »nd
from tr«re expects to visit Europe
Mis3 Grace Hecht. daujrhter of 'Rabbi
Hecht, has returned from Wisconsin
where she hu been attrndinjr school
Miss Ke«.sie Coulter has left for N>w
Tcrk. where she will remain for a short
tiice ami from there will go to Kentucky
to spend several months.
Mrs. Lou Zinnamon. with her daughter
has gor.e to Avalon to spenrl the summer."
Miss Bingham* has returned from Ch'
cago and New Vork. v.hcre she has been,
for the last few months.
R. Blake Winston left on Mondav tor
New \orK. anrl from there will sail m
Ei;g!ar.(l to visit his parents. He exneeta
to visit the Pari.-* Exposition befo'-X re
turning. *•
Dr. X. A. Yo-.insr ha<i as h!a n«-
Charles Rog.rs ol Kansas. BaMk
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. EWol have* cone te>
Tfrninal Islar.d, whore they will spend
th*^ summer. ' ""
Miss Lillian Williamson has KP ne FTtf
for an extended trip, including Cannda
New fork and Niagara Falls '
Mr and Mrs. Harry Laul> and tho MLw-
I^iub have gone to Coronado to spend t^J
summer. *^"u mo
Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Charles Mitchner
Thomas Alfred of Redlands spent a few
days visiting frtenda in thi* city
Miss Florence Tilden. daughter of M
ond Mr* D . T Tilden, will bj marrie.1 o-i
Thursday. July 26. to Rav Coir^swr 1 «7
the University Methodist Church
W. H. Wagner, with his famflv ha,
Red r onX d to M s r cen'd'^7^Sr haVe S ° ne ta
Mr. and Mrs. Chaxle* Sfer
PTtnS their cottage. "muMer Cr^t °f. c "-
Tcrminnl Island for the Mir^r 5e> at
Esreile Johnson. daurtt»* *t -m
and Mrs. Parley Johnson win h" m o n f i tr ;
mer . -""» ine sum-
Mrs. D. R. McRao ha= .»„ v« -~.
Mrs. H. A. Warr.cr and 1*1^ dau^n,'? 1< ' st 5
tPiioenix. Ariz. e dau Shter of
The Missel Julia ar.rl LohIw>»,,v,
tertalned a few friends or "vTed^ 1 T n "
evenlns at their home in Highi.^ d^ r^y
Armstrong, the Misses Godchaux. L. >..
Tryon. C. M. Gregory. T. Bergin. W.;J.
Barrett. W. B. Corwin, W. L. Orear. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Krnnbock. C. W. Smith, wife
and son. L. P. WIel and wife, A. W. Wil
liams, Miss E. Borchert. Miss Kate MHion.
L. P. Gelssler. C. H. Robinson. J. A. Helb
ing. Miss Ltllle Helbirg. K. A. Wright. E.
E. Hubbard. J. Brown. James Smith. San
Francisco; Emil Fluegler and family. E.
C. Ivens and wife. Miss Ethel Morris, J.
Whlcher. A. Sauer and wife. Miss A. J.
Kelshaw, Miss N\ O'Connor. Miss K. Ca-
Iey, Mrs. E. P. Rogers. E. Unanftst and
wife. Miss C. Dorsey. J. Llnd. J. Kelshaw,
P. O'Connor. Miss M. O'Connor, J. F.
Haumgton, B. D. Haumgton. W. S. Hunter.
H. P. Hoey. C. A. Haskln. San Luis Obis
po; Rev. P. O. ReJlly. w. P. Courtel.
Charles E. Noggle, U. E. Mrthrrer. San
Miguel: E. J. Roberts. Santa Barbara: M.
Dlerssen. Oakland: W. E. Starr. Detroit:
C. B. Leach, Los AnR?]ps: A. MattPl and
son, Malaga; W. A. Bradford. Oastroville;
P. W. Murphy. Santa Margarita: C. M.
Williams. Minneapolis: Fred V. Halsey,
Andro Jaunek. Fred A. Tanner. San Jcsp;
C. E. Dewltt, Alfred Wallace. Miss M. K.
Wallace. N. de Gottardl, Cayucos; F. J.
Alex Mayer, wife and children, Mrs.
Charles Baerenstecher and children. Miss
Clara E. Wolfe. Portland. Or.
Los flngeles
Mr. and Mrs. H: Y. Quaekenbush cele
brated the twenty-fifth anniversary of
their marriage on Tuesday evening at
their home on West Twenty-ninth street.
Many ladles assisted Mrs. Quackenbush
in receiving, among whom were: Mes
dames F. S. Walker, W. L. Dorr, M. T.
Herzog. H. W. Smith, G. A. Loomis and
F. L. Lefman and the Misses Lefman.
Among those invited were: Mr. and Mrs.
William Haas, J. F. Lefman, Mr. and
Mrs. F. GUlfsple, Mr. and Mrs. Spencer,
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Willcut, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Ellis, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Brown. Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Church. Mr. and Mrs. K.
C. Haskins, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Rice,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Monroe, Mr. and Bin.
Thompson. Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Williams.
Mr. and Mrs. N. E. Worden. Mr. and Mrs.
W. S. Pentland. Mr. and Mrs. O. Sterner,
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Walker. Dr. C. H.
Parker: Messrs. 8. W. Sheets, J. II.
Krimminger, J. W. Henry. Fred KnofT,
John Knoff. J. Beau, W. M. Ilempis, M.
E. Clark, Mr. Herzog, J. G. Baldwin, Far
back, Ashman. Neff, G. E. Loomis, Mc-
Comb, J. A. Tilden. A. L. Border. A. B.
Drake. Rainor. Wesnes, Crandall, Lands
berg, Lang, Alexander. Wollner, Deedo.
U A. Holcolm. E. C. Peter, Hare, I*aprf
ley. F. E. Miller, J. Hanson. Gourge Coul
son. Pierce, J. H. McGraw. P. Lowry,
Ashman and Hartwell; Mesdames Parker.
Cobb, R. C. Talbots, Cool. C. Spencer,
Young. Boner, Island, F. Outtrim, Mar
ble. Grebe. Gadden. Monroe, Dimmlck,
Harrison. Rumberg. Koll. Maxwell. Bruce
and Elliott; the Misses Bird. Sperry. Bor
der, Dimmlck, I^efman, Island. Haas,
Lena Lefman, Ethel Baldwin. Jessie Gre
be. Mabel Wollner, L«na Ellis, Nellie
Loomis, Annie Clarke and Grace IIol
colrn.
Miss Elsie L>aux entertained tho Delta
Iota Chi Sorority on Saturday at Santa
Monica In honor of the Misses Frances
and Belle Coulter, who left on Tuesday
evening for Chicago. A very pleasant
time was spent, an elaborate luncheon be
ine served at the Laux summer residence.
Many enjoyed a dip in the plunge, while
others enjoyed music and dancing. Among
those present were: The Misses Margaret
Moore, Bertha Pollard. Cynthia Fay, Ju
liette Phelps, Pauline Botta, Edith tarn
bell Marie Gavaghan.'Bonnye Anderson,
Ruby Kimball. Inez Moore. May Kimball.
Alice ilarpham. Rowena Moore, Adelc
Brodtbeck and Edna Bumiller.
A few of the members of Victor Council
of the Young Men's* Institute enjoyed a
very pleasant outing at Rublo Canyon
last Sunday. A very pleasant time was
spent and an elaborate luncheon spread
beneath the trees. Among those present
were- Mr. and Mrs. George \V. Klmers.
Mr and Mrs. L. L. Schollert, Mr. and
Mrs L. M. Schollert. Mrs. J. L. Kosby,
Mrs." Herriman. the Misses Margaret
Byrne, Ida Pfefferle. Amy Pfeffrle. Alyce
Thomson. Lizzie Walsh, Delia Clinch. Ma
ry Stephan, Laura Hereford, ' Ida New
housen. Lillie Bodkin. Anna Byrne, Ethel
Belcher. Gertrude Belcher. Pearl Shep
herd. May Ross. Flora Herberger. Anna
Neafrancan, Messrs. Tom Morris, John
Jensens. Fred Samuel, J. M. Hughes, P,
H Muller, E. M. Muller, John Stephan,
m M Kramer, John Pfeflerle. John
Byrne, J. O'B. Bodkin, F. C. Walsh, E.
Gomber, Theodore Englebrecht, Harry
Herriman. Roy Pfefferle, Charles Engla
brecht. Louis Meyers and George Her
berger.
Clinton Ball of New York, who is soon
to leave for his home, gave a box party
at the Orpheum on Monday evening, fol
lowed by a supper. Among those invited
were: The Misses Mary Babcock. Grace
Laubersheimer, Florence Silent, Emeline
Holabird, Amelia Howes, Messrs. Marry
Holablrd, George Laubersheimer, Dan
Laubersheimer and J. W. Burns.
Mr and Mrs. S. K. Quieirolo celebrated
the second anniversary of their marriage
on Thursday evening at their home on
Twenty-fourth street. The dining room
was very prettily decorated with roses,
pinks and potted plants. Some very pret
ty music was furnished by the Misses
Mattie and Stella Casnave. Amonsr those
present were: Mr. and Mr3. J. G. Thomp
son," Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Morton, Mrs.
Casnave. the Misses Stella Casnave. Jes
sie Douglasse, Kate Wise. Lottie Arnet.
Rose Stormer, Mabel Wise. Molly Cas
nave, Annie Casnave, Concepclon Cas
nave, Amelia Styner, Messrs. Artie Cas
nave, Robert 'lnompson, Max Casnave,
John Morris, Bernard Casnave and Tom
Reibenberg.
The Arcadia Hotel management at San
ta Monica gave a social hop on Saturday
evening as the first of a series of dances
to be given during the summer. A num
ber of society people were In attendance
and spent ' a pleasant evening.
Dr. Ben Smith was the Ruest of honor
at a stag party given Friday evening: by
Harry H. West of Griffin avenue. The
evening was very pleasantly epent with,
music and songs, furnished by Messrs.
Leffler and Cattery. Among those present
34
SOCIETY
Weddiog Bells.
HEAVY SATIN TAPESTRY, regular price 75c
Special at 50c per yard.
HANDSOME DOUBLE FACED TAPESTRY, suitable for draperies
Special at 40c per yard.
RICH SILK FACED TAPESTRY COVERS, dining room size, regu-
or furniture covers, regular price ooc
lar -price $7 56.
Special at $5.00 each.
DINING-ROOM TABLE COVERS, in Gobelin, tapestry effect, regu-
lar price $3 00.
Special at $2.00 each.
C50 yards ART TICKING in stripes and figures, suitable for covering
window seats, couches, etc., regular [.rice 25c.
Special at 15c per yard.
30 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, in rich Oriental designs, regular
Special at $3.50 per pair.
price $4 50.
We carry a complete assortment of ARADIAX MOTTFS. RAT-
TENBERG and ARABIAN LACES. BOBBIN ETS in white, ecru and
ocher. and are prepared to make up LACE CURTAINS and DRA-
PERIES at short notice. Prices reasonable. ALL CURTAIN'S an-1
PORTIERES hung: tree of charge.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
SE. Corner Ge3ry and Stockton Strsstj, San PnacijCj.
UNION S<PU£%F*E.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i-:-h -I "i-i- 1 ¦:¦: ¦: 1 1 : r : :¦¦: : : : : * *****-h-*^x-*-h-h-h : h-.-**--
Dry Goods <ste|tp Company.
MIDSUMMER REDUCTIONS
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
buiHiiKT. U70 Market street. CQ - Twin^ nOho *
23-10. with the electric n^.M» wlthm ? ' T ? Ornn
LOIE FULLER,
Eay. about the Sk!n Food anj Tte^ Build-
BRAHWIAN
TOILET CREAM: 1
"X certainly can recom- 1
mend S'our delljshtft:! k i
Brahman Tci:-t ¦ Cre£» j&S££iOll£ »
a* the best thing r Or t ? 3 >&Wr^*- ~&? f
purpose I have .,.., ifcCSj »
used." Prlc*. 23c. Bra£ W$i -*%*V&V 2
man Tooth Powder, J5c *a32r& I
All druggists aa( j a * i£a£t£k r {3fttS''*L- I
A. W. Traversa, it. n. -^JltvlHSjlr .TiJ
HCBBEBZBUaSQHBaBBBQBBBBBIIBHBBEBHBBBBBHaBElEIBB
B 5
! THIS WEEK! THIS WEEK! I
a a
a b
B 1
? ¦
n • g
g Will offer some of the greatest bar- I
| gains ever placed before the public. ¦
a " g
a — „
S An assorted lot of NEW TAILOR-MADE Q
|5 SUITS, Eton, Double-breasted and tight-fitting B
g effects, extra values for... $5.00, $7.50, $10.00 and $12.50 g
g EXTRA QUALITY ALL-WOOL CLOTH JACK- |
I ETS, Black and Tan, regular price $10.06, 'now 0
¦ on sale at 5 7.00 19
¦ A fine grade of BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, rich p
c pattern?.- regular price $8.00, now on sale at $ 5.00 §
g MOHAIR CREPON SKIRTS, value for $5.50, now 1
£ on sale at $ 2 5 s
g LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS reduced from 75c to. . 35c g
g LADIES' WHITE DUCK SUITS reduced from " g
B V-+O ¦ 9 -.25
¦ LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SUITS reduced from n
B $6.OO tO $ 3.7- Q
a COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS at Ckc 1
b Just arrived, a large shipment of GOLF CAPES. New- §
I cst styles in flare capes. Also a large assortment of Golf S
¦ Skirts in Tans, Blues and Greys. B3
I J. O'BRIEN & CO., 1
1 1146 Market Street. J
Q r"Ka=r2=zcsE5SiEESBBBBB ¦SBHBBBBBBIUUBBHbSJake Rudolph Once More.
Jake Rudolph, Chrla Buckley's old
guide, and who served some months In
an Insane asylum, was arrested in front
of the Stanford residence on California
I/abor Entertainment-
The joint committees from the Building
Trades Council, the Labor Council and the
board of directors of the Labor Temple
held a meeting last night at the Labor
Bureau, 915Vfe Market street. The prepara
tory work of giving a grand | entertain
ment at Metropolitan Temple Saturday
evening, August 4, was performed. It was
decided to have a high order of talent on
this occasion, with some of the best
speakers in the ranks of the working
men to make short addresses at intervals
during the evening. A committee on
music, consisting of Messrs. Schupert,
Linton. Tveitmoe, Drendell, Kelly and
Segar, was appointed. There was also
appointed a press committee, consisting of
C. H. Stock from the Building Trades
Council, Thomas Wright from the Labor
Council and Francis Drolse from the Tem
ple Association.
The board of directors of the Labor Bu«
reau granted Secretary Guy Lathrop
ninety days" leave of absence, during
which period Mr. Lathrop will with his
wife take in the Paris Exposition. Dur
ing his absence the office will be filled by
XV. F. Blehdon. who with VS. H. Hutchln
eon as treasurer will look out for the In
terests of the bureau.
Yesterday marked the close of the tenth
tr.nual cession of the Young Ladles' Insti
tute- The grand officers were elected and
ihe amended constitution adopted.
It was decided that the eleventh Grand
Council shall be hold in Sacramento In
UKC Resolutions of thanks were passed
!or all those who so generously assisted
m entertaining the Grand Council.
The following officers were elected and
detailed:
Grand president. Miss Annie M. Potthoff. No.
I. Ban Francisco: first vice president. Mamie
BtPln. No. 7. San Francisco: crand secretary
»nd treasurer, Josephine iTolloy, No. 2. San
Prancibco: grand marshal. Mary Mclnerney.
Ko. 47. Merced: grand directors— Mrs. Annie
Cx-vlne. No. £0, San Francisco: Mien Mary Don
>vui. No. 2. San Francisco; Mr«. Kathleen V.
Doyle, No. 24, Oakland; Mrs. N. F. Fleming,
Co. IB. Oakland; Mrs. Sadie Oarvln. No. 43.
Stockton; Mrs. Acnes Grace, No. 13. Vallejo:
Hrr. Margaret Grote Hill. No. 1. San Fran
(leCo; Miss Mary L. Hajxerty. No. 17. Sacra
tesio; Mx». Agnea aiulqueeney, No. U, Liver-
Miss Annie M. Potthoff Elected
President, Constitution Amended
and Sacramento Chosen for
Next Meeting Place.
Tenth Annual Session of
the Young Ladies' In- ;
stitute Ends.
G RAN D COUNCIL
NAMES OFFICERS
AND ADJOURNS
street last night by Officers Mahoney and
Olsen and charged at the California
street police station with disturbing the
peace. Rudolph approached the watch
man at the Nob Hill residence and stated
that his wife was going to kill him. He
was Intoxicated and abused the watch
man. A fight ensued, in which Rudolph
wai badly beaten.
more; Miss M. E. Sullivan No. 82. San Jose;
Mi™ M. I. Wynne, No. 2. San Francisco.
After the installation of officers Mrs.
Mary Nagle. past grand president, wan
presented with a bracelet of chased gold
by the tenth Grand Council. Miss Rose
McCaffrey of Virginia City made the pre
sentation speech.
There was a large number of visitors at
the closing session, and among them were:
Belle L. Boyle, Anna Gill, lira. Magulre, Mrs.
F. D. Grlfnn. Mrs. Kate Dwyfr, No. I; Mrs.
H. Mulvlhlll. No. 7; Brlda M. O" Connor. Mrs.
M. Peacock. No. I; Mrs. S. Flaherty. No. 1;
Mrs. M. Mullenney. No 7. Sacramento: Mrs.
Nellie K. UcGce. No. 2: Kate Muhan. No. S;
Mrs. Minnie Gtlleypie. Virginia City. Nev., No.
21: Miss Lizzie Qulpley. No. 1; Miss Maggie
Barry. No. 1; Mrs. T. Welshons, • No. 2; Ma
mie Desmond. No. 2; Elena Finn. No. 2; Min
nie F. Daly, Mrs. G. Brown, No. 20; Katie Des
mond.
I. I no sooner said the words than
my wife said, 'Papa, I am shot — I'm
dying-.' She stretched out her hands
to me and I caught her hands and
eased her down on the sand. I said,
'Mamma, don't stir; I'll go and get my
rifle.' I then ran to the house, when
this man Ehlers, who lives near, ha
fired at me, the bullet missing me and
catching my boy's dog.
"Gayer he fired two shots from be
low the hill. Then I secreted myself
in the house and would not go out.
Gayer fired several more shots from
below the hill. When it got a little
dark I crept out like a dog and went
to Ocean View."
Such was the declaration of "William
Mitchell at the Coroner's inquest held at
Colma yesterday Into the cause of death
of David and Mrs. Elizabeth Mitchell
which occurred on the evening of July 4.
The aged colored man after stating that
he sent word to the Sheriff, said that he
returned to his home, put pillows under
the heads of his dead, covered them with
a canvas, kissed them "good night," and
w«nt Into his desolate house.
"Who were these men who were stand
ing at the window, and what window?"
inquired District Attorney Bullock, who
conducted the Inquiry.
"Inisand's window," was the reply of
Mitchell; "Mr. Ehlers was one man;
Lemoscher was the other— the same- man
that Ehot the boy and the wife. I Bay
the shots that killed my boy and my wife
came from that Imsand window. Gayer
at this time was on the lower side of the
hill to my left."
In reply to the questions of a Juror the
witness said that four shots came out of
the window, one of which hit the dog.
There were two more shots at that time
and a number afterward. Mitchell's tes
timony further showed that his wife stood
In a position to be shot from the window.
The testimony of Mitchell was all there
was of interest brought out during the in
quisition. The three accused men were
THAT night at 6 o'clock I was
sitting: on the steps of my hen
house, on the ranch. My •wife was
inside the house at the table. David
vras feeding the pigs and covering
The swillbox for the night. My wife
told me there was a man in my place.
I stepped out a piece and saw this
man Gayer come alongside the hill in
my place and walk up to the line
fence of Crocker's. I called to Dave
'Look at that. What do you call itP'
He said, 4 I don't know.' I said, 'He
has painted himself with dirt and
locks as black as my boys do.' We
then laughed and walked away, at
the same time I keeping my eye on
Gayer. He ¦walked along the fence
to the lower part of the hill. I then
lost sight of him and went back to
the steps. Then I called to I>ave to
come and take the saw and see if it
would cut; also to get a can of water
»or the night. Dave takes the saw, a
Jittle oil brush and the can and starts
cff. I remained on the steps. In about
a minute I heard a report about like
the sound of a good-sized firecracker.
Immediately after I heard the report
of a rifle and my boy hollered 'Oh,'
end I jumped. As I came to the open
ing I saw my boy with his shirt
bosom covered with blood. [Here the
witness was overcome with emotion
and sobbed for some time.] I sung
out, 'Th«y have shot my boy.' I ran
to my boy. My wife was there about
as quick as I was. I grabbed my boy
by the shoulders. My wife, standing
at the boy's feet, said, 'Who shot
himP
•* 'Them, two men right there — stand
ing right there at the window,' said
not present; Mrs. Imsand was not in at
tendance, though summoned as a witness,
a fact which caused much comment. It
was predicted several days ago that there
would be a ghooting match when tha
"niggers" came tq Colma. and that it
would be necessary to disarm every one
entering the Jury room, but there were
no signs of trouble. Mitchell was accom
panied by two of his sons and as 'soon as
the inquest was over left the town.
It was intended by Coroner Crowe to
call Frank Wuttrich, the deaf man who
•was In the Imsand house at the time of
the shooting, but the Investigations of
Sheriff Mansfield showed that the man
must have been extremely Intoxicated at
that time, and oblivious to all mundane
affairs.
It is evident that Mitchell intends that
in his pursuit of justice he shall lose no
possible point that would lead to the con
viction of the murderers of his people.
He has retained William S. Barnes, ex-
District Attorney of San Francisco, and
H. H. McCloskey to assist District At
torney Bullock of San Mateo County in
the prosecution. Barnes after hearing the
verdicts remarked that the proceedings
were a "farce." There were two verdicts,
the findings ef which were similar. This
is the rather strangely constructed dec
laration of the jury:
We find that the cause of death was shock
and hemorrhage by a gunshot wound in the
hands of some person or persons unknown to
the Jury.
The other witnesses examined were Au
topsy Physician J. L. Ross, Constable D.
T. Neville, who first found the bodies.
Deputy Coroner Clyde Fox and Sheriff
Mansfield. Their testimony was very
brief and covered only the obvious facts
that had come under their observation In
their investigations, all of which have
been fully given in the columns of The
Call. Their evidence, boiled down, tended
to show that the fatal shots came from
the direction of the Imsand house.
The Jury was composed of J. H. Im
walle (foreman). John Rogers. M. Griffin,
A. Morgan!, P. Arminino, Alfonso George,
John Biggio, V. J. Hohman and F. Pierce.
There was an annoying delay of about
three-quarters of an hour in beginning the
inquest, due to the fact that Juryman
TJiggio. who is employed at the Chinese
/^metery, considered his own affairs of
more consequence than those of the pub
lic. He learned to his sorrow a lesson he
will not forget for ninety days at least,
a« Coroner Crowe announced that Mr.
Blgglo would spend the next three
months In jail for his contempt for the
law.
Son — Non-Committal Verdict Returned.
Swears at Inquest That Lemoscher, Ehlers and
Gayer Fired Shots That Killed His Wife and
MITCHELL DENOUNCES THE
ALLEGED COLM A MURDERERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX,, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
SCENES AT THE INQUEST OF MOTHES AND SON.
35
WHERE '
CAN TOU GO WITH OXLT JVS HOURS
OF STAGIN'O,
AND ONLT $S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRIGS
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tan.cs.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES «
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
• COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wond-rfui
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG A WARNER. Highland
Springs. Cal. -¦*-'
I An ocean voyage to H
» the place of perfect H
t\ days. A home ln the H
*» country with city con- B
veniences. - £1
I GAY |
Summer |
Hotel del Coronado • H
Is getting to be as gay O^«*\**v- 1
In summer as ln win- KfiSOPL E5
ter. Write for special ilVlJUl t H
summer rates. . ft]
i E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. 13
I Coronado Beach. Cal. gj ,
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fining Tour-
nament, auspices the ."Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LTFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS
the only cure for
Rheumatism i
Address A. Battens, Xgr., Byron Hat Spriags, Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. City Agents,
Room 30. 36 Geary st.
C\7\r*C^ HOT SPRINGS, SOXOMA
OlY/*VJVlO County; only t% hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath in State; grand mountain
scenery: good'trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stage*: round trip from
Ean Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or S:30 p. m. Terms. 12 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the pas:
five years; patronare constantly increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Ccast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh ln the
world; 48 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N.*P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cbeap. No fogs, nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlee 1021H
I Market st.. bet. 6Kth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
|
SARATOGA SPRINGS
By Tlburon Ferry. ":30 a. m.; J3 50 round
trip. Rates. $10 to $14 a week.
J. MARTENS. Prop., Bacholer P. O., Lake
Co. Send for booklet— tells all about every-
thing. City office, 416 Pine st.
vnecRJHTC vALtEY
I Uutlfi I I £ sVmm^^ve^
day ln making trip. Ten days of a m n :
pleasure. ISi days each way and oneW*/! I" ,
¦week tn the valley. Fare for round J}ftLn ;
trip. Including all meals and lodgings, w ¦ W <
Call at office. Big Oak Flat and Tosemite Stage ;
Co.. 630 Market st. : phone Main 51S2.
WM. J. WHITE, General Agt., San Francisco. .
The Placo for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE- :
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain. -
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia; ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; $S a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. CaL
CALIFORNIA DOT SPRINGS ££5,2£&
Springs; new management: a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tlburon
ferry- R- R- station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round-trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Caliente. Cal. Long-distance phone. .
VICHY SMMC5,
Three miles from Uklah. The only place In the i
United States where vlchy water Is abundant. |
The only natural electric waters; champagne ,
baths: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
RED.EMEYER & CO., Vichy Springs, Men- .
doclno County, Cal.
CARLSBAD gSBiWAfc
Most beautiful spot ln Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McOOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .,^^ fuU ,;
Kapa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL
INDEPENDENCE IwAKB
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An Ideal spot '
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMON8. Independence Lake. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL^Hopffi
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland,
Mendocino County. CaL i
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis.' croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTIN.A.
o o
e a
© o
O A vacation does not usually •
S extend beyond two or three or 5
O four weeks, so that many of q
® those who have been sojourn- •
O >ng during the past month at
© the various resorts along the •
0 California Northwestern Rail- g
O way are returning to their o
§ homes - %
q Those who intend to take
O their vacation during July or 9
q August, and those who may not £
O have thought of a rest, but ©
§ should do so, can now easily 2
© find the desired accommoda- O
g tior.s. g
O Call for "VACATTON," a §
© little book just issued by the O
q company, giving Camping Lo-
9 cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring 9
® Resorts, and a list of one hun- g
q dred and sixty-seven Farms and o
© homes where Board for the •
® Summer can be secured at from ©
O ?5.co to ?S.oo per week. ©
Q O
A Ticket orflc*. C9 Market st. O
r? (Chronicle bulldlns). a
• General Office. Mutual Uf» q
building. Fansome and California «T
O ets., San Francisco. u
© O
© H. C. WHITIN3, Otnaral Maa»f«r. O
• R. Z. BYAN, e»'l ?iss. Agl <j*
• !
There's a Good Doctor at
I HOT SPRINGS
That advises you free of charge Just bow to
take the Hot Hud. Hot Sulphur and Plung»
Baths. One side of big baths specially tot
ladies. Rates $10 to t21 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further information
or FRANK W. ELY. City Agent L
Tel. Red 2336. 64<) Market St., S. i\
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. I J a3o Kobles. CaL
Where Shasta's summit, clad ln snow, '
Smiles down on Nature's broad expans«.
Far from the chilling summer fon and frea
from winds and dust and heat. SISSOM TAV-
ERN. ZZiO feet above the sea level, on tha ever-
green slopes of Shasta. Is the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forests o£
pine and cedar and hamlock. around It a wlda
expanse of meadows, above It tha perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— th» great
game of the mountains. For the- angler— th»
*almon and the trout In the headwaters of th»
Facramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
BOM'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and treshi
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th9
railway brings one almost to the door. Wher*
Nature Is her grandest, coma and learn how
icrand her Inspirations are. Rates. S10 to I'.J
per week. t2 50 per day. Guides and horses tar
mountain cllmblnp. MRS. M. I* SISSON. Pro-
prietor. SJsson. Ca!.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CarU A^^..
Monterer County, CaL— For health. resC
climate that cannot b« equaled : up-to-dat*
accommodations: beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electrit*
baths: swimming tank 30x£0 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and!
dance hall: large hotel and 30 eottaxe*. afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third an'i Town-.
¦end streets. San Francisco. 9 a. ra.; First and
nroadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. in. daily for Sote-
dad. then by stage over beautiful level road 1
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. SS. at 9.
P. office. (13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflre. For Illustrated namphlet* and fur-
fher Information address E. L. PERRAULT,
U. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
— FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th« wafers are noted for their thousand* of* 1
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver aod Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary '
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refltt»d and Improved. Magntflcm';
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish.
Ing. No fog". Unequaled for health, rest ami
recreation. Rates. $12 to Sit per week, Tram*)
leave Third and Townsend streets, S. T.. » a.
m. and 1:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Ofiro*
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
• R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. Flrst-ctas* table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine sprlnj water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W,
BRUXING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, Ss~
O>TE OF NATURE: 3 "WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming. Cshtng.
hunting and livery. Writ* for pamphlet. X.
VTERTHEIMER. Manager.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrated]
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
ing* home coiklne: rood beds: JS 50 to $19 w«eks
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. II. HOPPtN.
Partlett Springs. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The roost attractive place in Lake County ta
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, llvsry, new walks, etc. Writ* fos
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Laka County. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SfHINCS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in tha State—
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game ln surrounding mountains— i
. grouse, qnall. deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beawick. Slsklyou County. CaA.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sta.. Saa Francisco.
Strictly Flirt-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress,
ELMONTE HOTELt Beautiful ground*.
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates ta
families. Free bus meets every train; 6i miles
from San Francisco. Fare tl C
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT. »
A. DOLLMAXN. Napa Soda Springs P. Q.
SaNTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, flvt
miles from Santa, Cruz: delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundanca
fruit.' good table; terms $3 50 week. Address)
W. CItA.NDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
QUIET home In Sonoma redwoods: chickens,
eggs. milk, cream, fruit; free drives; good
rooms: terms {6 per week. Address Redwood
Heights. Occidental. Cal.
GLEN* OAKS RANCH — Nlc* surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table; convenlenc
location. AddTMS 7. QUIZN, Glea EUen, CM,
AMTJRF.1VrF.KTS.
Last Time TO-NIGHT of "
"THE GEISHA"
Heije Comes the ElephaQtH
TO-MORROW EVENING
We Revive the Superb Success
An Uorivaled Cast! Powerful Cljorust
Brilliant Costumes aod Scenery!
ALL FORMER PRODUCTIONS' ECLIPSEDI
Evenings at 8. Matlnes Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
MONDAY, JULY 30th,
GALA OPENING OF Tr;E
Grand Opera Season
With the Greatest Cast of Lyric
Artists Ever Heard In This City.
POPULAR 25oand5Co PRICES !
TELEPHONE BUSH 9-
beginning Mriivr»AV
FOUUT1I "SVKEK OF THE SEASON!
Six Nights.
MATINEE WEDNE3DAY and SATURDAY.
CHARLES FHOIIMAN Presents
And a Special Company
In Henry Arthur Jones*
BRILLIANT COMEDY
"' E—-M fp—P I Last Season's I
B MB B j Great Success
July 23 — "His Excellency, the Governor."
EXTRAI EXTRAI
D U K I I) N EXACTLT ALIKE.
:-.V. ___._. Six Thursday Matinees
un mpq at 23 °
nULIslLO Slx Sunda y Evenings
FRTIRFS »=£
LLU I UllSUU HENRY MILLER.
ILLUSTRATIONS IX COLORS and
APPROPRIATE MOTIOX PICTURES.
MANILA July 19 and 22
JAPAN REVISITED July 26 and 29
ROUND ABOUT PARIS Aug. 2 and 5
GRAND CANYON Aug. 9 and 12
MOKI LAND Aug. 16 and 19
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS Aug. 23 and 26
Reserved seats— Jl. 75c and 50c.
On Sale. Beginning TO-MORROW.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY— Sunday, July 15— TO'DAY
CLASSICAL OPEN STAKE
...OF...
89 NOMINATIONS
BEST RACING HOUNDS
ABE ENTERED.
$1000— PRIZE MONEY $1000
MT7SIC BY VON DER MEHDEN'S
BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townaend streets 11 a. m..
12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4:45,
p. m. and after last course. San Mateo electric
cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25C. LADIES FREE.
KNIiJriNGCO.
103 Post St., Near Kearny, S. F.
Beautiful New Styles
fSh Lftdlea',
vJ*» Gent's and Children's
i£mk Bathing
||||p£ : s ...Suits
'^Blm At Prices to
Suit Everybody.
B H a .^ Sweaters, Jerseys. Golf Vests,
¦^"Jl. K ~~' Jackets, Legirings. Sport-
*? 'i?v Bend for Illustrated CaU-
WEEKLY CALL
zzmzzz
Enlarged to 16 Pages
\ $1 pep Year.
-«'>V*SiS* >a * J «*iiJa r-medy for. Gonorrhoea,
VS3F^L T HEbN|B fleet. Spermatorrhoea,
iBvCiTia 1 to 5 uj*. >¦ White*, unnatural die
SMium OoarsDMcd B cbargea, or any iafli-tima*
fil£lf not <o idlatBra. tion. ( irritation or uicer^
B*j_J?t5»«ni» ooaufioa. tlon of ma com mei»>
EKlrHEEvAHS CheMTCuCo. br *ne«. Noo-*strin«enU
lflisac!HDK»i*Ti.o.BBn *° Id by n*********
'Vt£S^. c. T. a 3nT? r ¦ ent ln Plain wrmppwe,
J*«^3 1*7 ' expre«s. prepaid, fa*
<2SM3fcBG&?Snk Ji 00 ' or 3 titles, ti.73.
WeakiMen and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
¦trengUx to sexual organs. Depot, 2S3 Marked
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to ail who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength r.nd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act dlreot
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It i cures all the ills and troubles -that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all caees. A request to tha
Etate Medical Institute. 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
frreat class ¦ of men who are unable to
eave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable -them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes, will be Bent a free J sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its. recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity.. Headers are
requested to,"wrttb without delay.
AMtrSEMEHTTS.
Commencing SUNDAY MATIX EE, July 15th.
A . GLITTERING ARRAY
1 OF FIRST-CLASS TALENT.
WILLIAMSON
STONE'
The World-Renowned Black-face Comedians.
&!%&> \junii *«»
\<^\nichols
V^ <^^^ *t\ Acrobatic
i Novelty \V J^fJlK <j£
j Musical V^^V^^v >
Celejprlties \kV^V£?U \^
5MITH^%\
AND '• XV 4^^*
FULLER Ng??*
BARRERE and JULES
Parallel Bar Marvels.
QUAKER GITY QUARTETTE
j The Orlsrtnal Musical Blacksmiths.
STELLA MAYHEW
Who sings songs In her own way.
CLAYTON WHITE
MARIE STUART
Assisted by MISS EVA RANDOLPH,
In a new comedy sketch.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Enndsy, July 15th.
Parquet 23c, any seat; balcony 10c; child-
ren 10c. any part. A few front orchestra
rows, reserved, 50c; front rows of balcony,
reserved. I5c.
TO-NIGHT
AN'D ALL THIS WEEK. ONLT MATINEE
SATURDAY.
MATHEWS and BULGER
AND THE FULL STRENGTH OF'
DUNNE AND KYLEY'S
.ALLj-STAR, OAST
Including
Mary Marble, Norma Whalley, Maude Court-
ney, Phil Ryley, Tony Hart. Bessie Tanne-
hlll. The Big Quartet, The Mascots,
and the rest of the Jolly troupe.
IN THE FUNNIEST CREATION ON EARTH,
AT GAY
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST NIGHT OFTHE DANCING GIRL
TO-MORROW AT 8 SHARPI
The Tremendous New York Sensation.
THE BREST RUBYI
Which Broke All Records at American
Theaters.
PRICES— 75c, 50c, 25c, 15c
SATURDAY MATIXEE-50c, 25c. 15c. 10c
Children Under Five Not Admitted.
yft*"3k *^--* H ¦ BT" «"» "V C"^ B""^ V A Ut.
«a» a m X JbK«m B E& mm "^ w
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME. "CAMILLE."
TO-MORROW «OAY) NIGHT,'
SEVENTH WEEK OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Beautiful Picturesque Production,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
OLYMFIA c E o D *%f!o»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
First Appearance ln San Francisco.
BASCO AND RICE,
The Kings of Comic Comedy.
The Greatest. Thine of the Season.
Professor Conradi's
The Paris Exposition Right at Your Doors.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE" ¥ AT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UNTAMABLE LION.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE
THIS AFTERNOON.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT.
Telephone for Seats—Park 23. .•'.*.":
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOV/nfiH O Admission 10s.
Third Act of ••MARTHA." in English. DEETS
and DON, BABY DOLLIVEK. ISABELLE
UNDERWOOD and New Moving: Pictures
by EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE. -
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
BathlxiK From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing Including Admission.' 25c: Children 20c
Valises checked free.THE SAN FBA1STCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
36
SA.\ FUATVCISCO CALL.
r.l'SINCSS OFFICi: of The Baa Fraacisoo
Call, comer of Market and Third street", open
until 72 o'clock «"i«rry night Jn the year.
WiANCH CFFICKS— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
C"0 Haves *trect : open until 9:30 p. m.
CS McAllister etrwt; op«n until 9:8» p. m-
f'.r, Larkln street: open until 8:30 p. a.
JM1 Minion KrecU open until 10 p. m.
r2€l Mission street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
ur.til S p. in.
IM Eleventh street; open until 9 p. rn.
JC&6 Valencia etrcet; open until 9 p. m.
tCotthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
t-jrky ytr-ytg; open i;rtil !> f- rn.
cinncii services.
£T. PAULS Chun-h, California St.. near Flll-
ncre. Rev. AV. Maxwell Keiily, rector; Rev.
A. c. Wilson, assistant— Holy Communion,
7::» a. in.; Sunday-school. i):45 a, m.; r.iorn-
i:\g Bervice and !M>roion by the Rev. A. C.
W.iaan. 11 o'cicci; tvenir.g prayer and ser-
mon, 7:li o'clock, preacher, the Rev. Henry
Lnbcck, LL. D.. D. C. L.. of New York City.
FIRST Coricregattonal Church, cor. Post and
JlEfon *.ts.— iiev. George C AJams, D.D..
pastor. Iiev. c:arvnce T. Ilrown, U.D.. oX
taU Lake City w iii preach at both services.
At II a. m., theme, "SenrlBtf in Newness of
Batriti At 7:4.1 p. ni., theme, "Whet Shall a
Man Do With 21;e Life?" All are cordially
invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. of Geary
and Povtll sU.— Rev. John HenpbilL D.D.,
jjuttor. ¦w-il! pri'ach at 11 a. m. Tlie Rev. W. j
1*. Chxlfar-t, U.L>., a reiumevi missionary. J
will s;>t-ak on "The Situation in China" at I
7 <*< p. ni. Christian Endeavor Society meets
r.t C:20 p. m. Wednesday evening service ct
S o'clock. StraagnE cordially welcomed.
riR.i?T Churt-h of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 22$ Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant j
ave.— Ci-.rirtisn S'-iera'e U:L>le lessen at U
a. m • subject. "Life." Banflsty WCiiOOl fcr
thi'dren at the sarr.e liour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at S o'clock. Free reading room. ¦
EM Kearny st.. room BW. AW wretcomc. i
SINGING pilgrim &nd evangelist— R>T. John
Jlfiuittt Anderson of London, Kng., will
jirrach this (Sunday) evening. July 25. at S
o'clock in Welcome Hall. KS Howard 6t.,
bet. Fifih ar.d Sixth. Praise service U 7:M
p. m. A cordial invitation to all saved or
unsaved. Now it the accepted time.
CHCBCH cf Jesu« Christ of Latter Day Saints
— Services every Sunday, 11 a- m. end 7:43 p. ,
rn.. at Pythian Hall. <«.9 Market st. Elder |
George W. S<iuirfs will ndcjre^s the evening
congregation : subject. "Mormon lam Ex- I
poeed." AH are welcome.
ASSOCIATION' Hall. Ma?on and K'.lis rt*.—
Special aCJrece to your.g men un!) p this <Sun- \
day) afternoon at S o'clock by Mr. Frederick j
Thomas, prominent merchant iron Denver. |
All young men inv.ted. ;
1HEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to- i
t-.^,-M. did FpiIo-.vs' buiiding. Sfventh and i
Market sts, "S:aa zni. Ii;s Mind," by Miss j
Jc?fie C. Bred I e. I
atBBTaXGS SLXUAY.
DR. J. DEPBW KuHG-C lectures this even-
ing 8 o'clock at Crystal Hall, Pythian Captl?,
ti* Market st.; huject. "'Electricity ae a Our- ]
alive- Agent' 1 ; to he followed by magnifitvnt |
views <-; a trip to Th» l»ari* Imposition. TtUMH '
auenCiiss n:ay i rocUrt free tickets to the |
X-:;iy exhibition «t the Sanitarium, corner
cf Market and M,i»n *ts«., next Tuesday e\ea- |
ins. tree; tto collection. j
k CEACTirCIXT i'.luftrated lecture en]
"N<i ves and Nervousness; N>r\eie.s and ':
Noriy Characters." by the examiner in chief j
of the I Nrieotal UedicaJ r-yr.dicate. with psy- i
chic •.'.c-.u nitrations ! y me world famuu* \
Oriental Bs*r, at Pythian Castle, Ml Market j
v. . to-night: seats frw. Private parlor taikB j
at 1122 "..rkit Bt- Wednesdays at 2 p. m. /or j
ladles and <-*. •ni-.ic at S tor men. • !
A^ir~HIN-£S ftill at Ml Market: Mrs. See- !
!< -' K"U;*r. Vi^<;.:s. Mr. Hankm; all tests; i
l.'r. T.. Bible ;-. S. C. 11 iree: 2-8 p. ni., j
I9e; aii i i<- in.; Jith anniversary. Sept. 5, free. :
AT KB Market to-rieht-Katie Hfmwiiiiia'i ;
epMtat] revival tt-Ft m<='-t!r.g; m<?*R;'.ges and |
answers to !'-tier» or articles hidden at home i
cr >.n person; 10c; sittings. IMS Howard st.
11J1K. y<H'XG*S convincing tost circle to-
mpi.t, i ••¦:, McAllister; Ite; »itt;r.Ka every V\>1.
at 7t»v Centrad sve.. Webster Ftation. Aiameda.
MRS. Wl.NCHr.STER, 16I0 Clay; circle to-night
£t. 6; consultations ua"y: mining a spedaltv. ;
FUXEXDEHIP Hall! 'Z: McAllister— Mrm. C. J. j
Meyer; Fit. »iai!y: coovisc'c ttmlM to-nijiht 10c. ¦
KAI1L EBKRHAKDTS SjdritnSLl t»Et n:eetir.g
t"-n!siit. '321') Twenty-second Ft., cor. llartlcit.
GRAND test meetinp. 117 Larkin, 8 p. rr.. : Mes-
daineo Wrenn, Miller, Hatch, Maywell; l"c.
iirtS. VIOABS wi'.! hoia a test meeting to-
r.ight at is\ Birth Ft., room 7.
MilKTISGS Lnlverxal Urothrrhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Bodety in America, $19 Mar-
k. s st.— Lecture to-night, "Planetary Evoiu-
Uim." by It. A. <;rlfnth», I. IS. L. : Tuesday
rifht, Kubjeot. "The Plajrue," by Dr. J. A.
Anderson; children'* Lottu Group, Sun. 11.
aiistrrixc; notices.
FiirELlT\~lX(5ce"KoTi2o7'Franj'A~i£ ~g~~
Funeral notice — Ofllcen and nw.Ti l>*tb _ £% _
are requested t > 1# j-rownt at Mayinic 'J52f
Terr.p'.e on Hl'Nl>AY, lith tr.st at S a. t*w
m.. :or the purjKse <jf conducting the funeral
ceremonies of our late brother. MICHAEL J.
JOSEPH, thence to Home of Peace Cemetery
by 11:33 a. m. tra;n. Hy order of the W. M
- FIt!:D£HICK BAKRY. Secretary.
RKBEL Cork Uenevolent Society— Fourteenth
annual ricnlc will t;ike place at Shell Mound
I 'ark. Berkeley. Sunday, August 6. 19O0.
Adults' tickets. We; children under 1* years
free; unicn music; a large amount of "cash
trlvta e.» i^riaes.
ANNUAL ir.eetlnt— Tfc» regular annual meet-
ing of the st.»ckholdf-rs of the San Francisco
end Pan Joayuin Valley Hallway Company
will t* held at the olnce of the company. No.
£J1 Market Et.. San Francisco. Cal.. on Tl'ES-
DaT. the a:th cay of July. woo. at the hour
of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose of
electing a tx.ard of directors to serve for the
eTisuiiij^ year, er.d ihe transaction of such
other bnslTH 1 — as msy come before the meet-
lng. ALKXANL-KP. MACKIE, Secretary.
ACKXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS csn rr.ake from $75 to JKK) per month
sellinff our campaign books, "ISSUES ANLi
LEAL'ERS." "Battle of 1S00"; also W. J.
Bryan's cow book, "Hepublic or Empire?"
Bend l^c for outfit and agents' instructions
¦We rive same terms a* Eastern firms. OC-
_ CIDEXTAL PCULIsmXG CO.. Oakland. Cal.
AGENTS make $200 monthly selling economy
harness riveter; holds rivets for several dol-
lars' repairs, yet sells loaded for Jl: send $1
for sample loaded end terms. FOOTE MFG
CO.. Lot Ansel*.-. Qat
AGENTS— Per.d stamp for catsloirue of house-
hold necessities: seU on sight; liijr m'.^ney for
live r^cole. N. Y. Ir.u>tg. it Mfg. Co.. 225
Hroadway. Xew Ycrk.
AGENTS to handle r>er?ujnrs. Call 10 a. m. to
1 l>. m.. ISO Ash ave.. near Polk ft.
CJ600 CAN be made durine next « month* ty
hurting arer.ta handliz-.* our »hlte and fancy
rutber collars, cufls. bos-ores, nfcktles; patent-
ed. Guaranteed roods; Inclose stamp for spe-
clsl plan. >1. & M. MfK. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
ASTROLOGY.
•UHS. Sadie Dunn, of Pittiburr. Pa., strictly
r«:i«!>l» on all matter* pertaining to life and
ljUfclness: horwooi* readings. SI. 271i Sutler.
JxICUOLS, BMroIocer; lessors and reading-*. 78
Thinl ft., room ;.
Al ••H.vt>S A» LAW.
11. W. KING, attorney at lsw, 18 Market Bt .
roon:* C27: <-sta'.»-s, damage*. attachments!
Imnkruptcy. culie<-tlons; n.: cases; fair lees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estate!
ADVICE ;ri* ( -; divorce law a specialty; private-
no t»* onttsoBt Boeoas; collections, g. w
HOW;;, atty at law. SZ0 M«rket. cor. Stockton.
AI'W'CK five; ni charge unless successful W
¦ W.' DAVIDSON*. VS! Market Ft., opp. Mason!
L. »v 'LAUK. Ilmnia SprcclceJa bldjr.. S2T Mar-
ACTOMOHILEH.
.ai"; ¦ •m<ju7li:s— rmzit \vaiu/ & son.
Aporits. 4G Fremont ft.
¦Uj iuiiis'<uniXCTs.
nOXOXtOH *:.. 4-i*n-l folding; door openeT^rrn
'-•or.d m'.e. W. S. J5KOWN, pen. ngt.. 42G Ellis.
UIZI.GIAV II A UBS.
A MTCMBEB Ot line does at low prices; bred to
our tU)e£t bucks; LORD KDINUOUO iimu.),
in tSb; Dt'KK OF CLAUEXCE Uino.j. fee
JUi; line lot of yi/unsster* fn.>m three ta live
rsonthf old from IxjkI Kdlnboro and our ini-
|4«rt*d Coca with strand color and perfect leet
all Munrt; lull line o£ rabbit supplies; Tree
litfrature.
fcAN FllANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
BAM C. HAMMOND. Mgr.
Office— fprwkels Market.
Itutbitrv— 1015 glio'wtll et.
TERMINAL Hahbltry, end narrow-gauge road.
Htfih-et. eta.. \V. L). DILLA. Prop.. Alameda—
hee the n.ost racy buck In Central California.
Viscount Lurpan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, score
WJ4, 17 CO. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Ycur.s stock. C weeks to i months, tl 50 up:
bred does, well marked f3: bred does, better
marked. JT 50; bred does, eU'.l better marked.
110 to t20; trios. 2 does and buck. $25 to $100.
Open evenines: visitors welcome.
ZJl-L'JIAN harts — Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does rrom flt> to J10O; j-oung pedl-
rreed stock on sale at reasonable prices; ccr-
reepoacezice solicited. Pajaro Valley Ilab-
fcitry. P. O. drawer D. WatsonrUle. CaL
BELGIA.V HARES.
£00 HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian bares In
Etate: acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring SS; start right: booklet
and descriptive list free. BRITAIN BAB-
BITRY. Watsonvllle. Cal.
BELGIAN HARES'.!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAKE AS-
SOCIATION, AlamrCa, Cal.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
first prize in England. See them at 314 Goiden
Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; ealeg dally. 1009V4 Sutter.
J2 CO EACH*— Fine mature does: young. tOc
each. Royal Rabbitry. 1S51H Market Bt.
GOLDEN* GATE BELGIAN HARE CO., 609 Gol-
den Gate ave.. S..F.. POO rabbits for sale cheap.
BICYCLES For Sale or ISxobttnjre.
~.~ ~~ *~~~>
ALLEN sells new bicycles. KO to $75; second-
hand ones. $5 up. 1970 Page st.
BOAKD»G FOR CHILDREN.
HOME for child, i\i years old; state terms;
references. Box 1S5?, Call office.
;j BLSIMJSS CHANCES.
OLD-ESTABLISHED, good-paying stationery;
well-selected stock of notions, candy, cigars,
etc. ; good opportunity to purchase a paying
concern. LANE &. CO., 860 Market Et.
TO shoemakers— Excellent opportunity for prac-
tical man; fine location, with carefully se-
lected Mock. LANE & CO.. 865 Market st.
TO bakers— For sale; cheap; large, well-fitted
confectionery and candy store, with Ice cream
parlors: excellent opening for a practical ba-
ker. Call LANK &. CO., S65 Market St.
I CORNER grocery and delicacy north of Mar-
ket; choice stock of goods; ftne business;
cheap rent; nice living rooms: opportunity to
run bar if desired. LANE & CO.. Se5 Market.
j 535— CARPENTER and Jobbing ehop; business
location. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. ?774 Market.
•¦ $100 — LAUNDRY route: good horse and'wagon;
receipts about J60 per week. McLACQHLI.N
] & CO., "77H Market et.
¦ 11500— BEST equipped restaurant In Oakland;
also a good cor. saloon at J1600 for sale or
trade: also grocery and notion store $400.
ALDEX CO.. HIS Broadway. Oakland.
I NEWSPAPER and real estate; 15000; live
I town; pays well; part cash; part in bay city
i _rroperty. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
j ATTENTION. GROCERY MEN.
I A ftm-class opportunity is presented to a
! party with scr.ie money to start a general mer-
i ohandise store in the growing town of San
i Martin. Santa Clara Valley. 74 miles from San
Francisco, on the main Coast line; 2 trains
j daily; no store nearer than Gilroy, 7 miles;
! about 100 farmers near by; fine school and town
supplied' with splendid water; can have the
postoffice, Wells-farp-o Express and telephone
I officer; the riRht man can make a fortune;
buildings alrrujy erected. Full particulars of
! lUVin BI"SH i- SON. 14 Post st. Also hotel
j man. butcher and blacksmith wanted: buildings
I all erected.
A— FIRST-CLASS wfll-stosked French liquor
st<ue a? 4C Golden Gate ave., corner of Polk
*t.. is for sale by order of the Public Ad-
I sv.tnistrator. «-a!t-0 bids to tie delivered to P.
BoicnJ. Public A<3m'.ni=trr.*or. at his office
2- i > MrntFomerv Ft., Ivfon? 12 m., Monday,
July 2S. Stcre opon tor inspection daily from
& a. m. to 5 p. m. until day of sale.
j A RARE chance; saloon in leading mining
town <if California; first-class bueinees; must
be ro!d on account of other business; investi-
gate thl*. Address box 1320. Call.
|7S0— WELL- PAYING day saloon: plegant fix-
| turcs; cheap rent; investigation allowed;
tnnrt Mil at once. Inquire ALBER, 2i3
Third Ft.
i n000-*SALOON, 1 Work rrom Market st.; fix-
tures ami yt^ck worth 11500; good reason for
¦riling. .1. LL'NDIN & CO.. S73 Market fit
COUNTRY newspapers for sale in California!
V.'tiFhir.Kt^n and Ore^n. W. K. CORNELL &
<i>., rib Sacramento st.. San Francisco.
A TRl'PTY man. investing $*C0. will receive
position and good profUs; legitimate trial
given. F. ROVET. 4« "Geary st.
$9C6 BUYS typewriter and supply business
worth flGM; guaranteed Income; snap; inves-
tigate. Box 1322, Call office.
] . BTHAM laundry for sale w exchange; cheap;
| Pisy terms; fine chance for good laundryman.
| Box 400. Call office.
i A— HOTEL and saloon at 212-214 First »t.. at
reasonable terms; will sell on account of
BlcknpfP.
I POVT nites the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS PTUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
; CIGAR stand for rent; very cheap; opp. rail-
road dei>ot. Third and Townsend sts.
j FOR S?ALE— Gcd-paying established hotel at
| Santa Cruz. Owner, box 1340, Call.
! WANTED— A partner with some capital ta
I patent and develop several useful inventions;
| thorough investigation Invited. Box 13S2, Call.
I GOOD bakery for sale; cheap; baking 2^4 bar-
. rels. Address box 1957, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoe shop: good prices; good
work: small stork of shoes. 332 Bush Ft.
FOR fale— A strictly good business : restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
I ing 2 barrels flmr daily; horse and wagon;
lo<lfrlnsr-hou?e, 34^ rooms, newly furnished;
| finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
i American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
field. Cal.
I BARBER phr>p and bath house for sale; estab-
l!«ned for over 25 years; splendid location;
I firgt-ciasg regular trade: best of reasons for
I dealring to sell. Address H. L., P. O. box 3S0,
: Sacramento.
! TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
! location: place If entirely covered: contains 3
stalls: rent only Jl.i; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDIUCKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
I LEADING hotel In Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
j dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
v.iil rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHXPON & CARK. Monterey. Cal.
' &i(y>-SALOOX: the' best-f.ttPd place for the
price nn Market ft. and barsraln; must leave
city August 1. Box 1971, Call.
I HOW— 8ALO0N, in good running order; good
I paying: in the central part of city; Including
j 5 furnished rooms: low rent. Box 1977, Call.
'. FOR sale — Well-paying pickle factory and vin-
egar route: J100O. Address box l?70. Call.
. A PHOE Fhon for sale; good business; fine lo-
i cation. 2CC7V* Flllmore st.
! FOR Hale— First-clasB restaurant. Addresi P.
[ LAMMKP.S. 1759H Mifgion 81: no agenu.
j CANDY store for sale; good stock and fixtures;
; low rent: no agents. 138 Hayes et.
; COFFEF. and tea routes supplied from GEO.
i W. CAPWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento gt.
I CLASSIFIED advertisement!! and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore at.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086 Va-
lencia rt.
LOi)(;i\G-HOl'SES FOIt SALE.
8 ROOMS: clean; nice; respectable location. $2o0
10 and 12 r. house?, all parts of city, $350 up.
14 r. ; clean; respectable; rent $65: good., tl') 1 )
21 rooms; contra!; clears $S0 a month. ...$1000
S4 rooms; rent $S5; profitable; >i cash $1600
f.0 rooms; very nice; clears over $100 $28^0
1S4 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.; tel. Blk 1S03.
II. II. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market »t. '
TS roomn; cheap rent: central $2750
w» rooms; corner; offices 32r.O
130 rooms; north of Market 4000
26 moms: rent $40 only 7oO
34 rooms; near Market: rent JSO l^K)
BgTERS. ATTENTION— We have some fine
l^irpains and good money-makers in lodglng-
hnu8"8 and hotels. We loan money on fur-
niture at 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. S17 Market Ft., opposite Mason.
FVRNISHKD cottage; complete; central; bar-
pain; eary ternii«: $:.n cosh, payments balance;
fh"»r>. Inquire 219 Mason »t.. near O'Farrell.
LODGIXG-IIOL'SES TO LET.
i FINE partly furnished hotel, xltuated in coun-
try. 12 rooms and bar. $15. For full particu-
lars call FRED ASCHMANN. Mllpitas, Santa
Clara County. Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
KF"Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholetale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market H.. P. F.
CAItPKT HEATING A\I> CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to RPAL'LDIXWS Pioneer Carret-Heat-
lng Works. 213-S37 Tehama M.; tel. S. 4C.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and~Dys!ng Co,
1 S42-34> McAllister ft.: phone South 146,
j J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-Bentlng and Keno-
• _ vat ing Co.. 240 nth «.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating iWorkaj Q. IL
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-4J Sth St.; tel. South 2S0.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
Hi Stevenson »t.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jes»le i<44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main S34. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone Kaet ltt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOrtGE W. KELLY' S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, ln-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
CARRIAGES AND ' "WAGONS.
ONE double rubber-tire buggy; one single
buggy; very cheap. 1009H Sutter st.
AI-L. kinds of wagons, bupgries, carts, harness '
etc., cheap. EAOAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
KETT & 26-hand 'wagons, buggies, carts & liar-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, warts, etc.;
absolute cure; painlew. DR. DUNCAN. 415
Sutter st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE Bunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland: high basement; corner lot, 90x
135; fine grounds and fruit trees: location
Al; 6 minutes' walk to local Btation. 11. 11.
COLBY, Express office, East Oakland.
COTTAGES to let: 4 rooms and bath, furnish-
ed; basement. Inquire grocery store corner
Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts.
OFF Second St., near Brannan— Sunny 11-room
cottage; $10. Key 623 Second st.
TO RENT— Handsome furnished corner cottage,
stable, etc.; Berkeley. C. HENDERSON, 304
Montgomery st.
$6— COTTAGE 5 rooms. Holly Park, 28 Rosooe
or apply 64 Silver, off Third; water free.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 10a Collins St., near Geary.
$10— SUNNY corner, 5 rooms; large yard. GEO.
H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 85S Mis-
sion St.; readings daily, 25c, 50c and |I; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
THIS week only— Full sittings 23c. WATSON.
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St., near 12th.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting jl. 1104 Market.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily: cir.
.Tues.. Frl.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room S3.
MRS. KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings; O.
$1. L. 50c; clr. Mo., Wed.. Fri.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
fails; has the seven seals, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world; shows pictures of
future husband or wife; gives lucky numbers;
advice on all speculation, love and legal af-
fairs; any one consulting the madarae will be
convinced that she Is no sham; prices 25c and
up; come and you will be surprised; satisfac-
tion to every one. 11S7 Market Bt., bet. 7th
and Sth; open Sundays.
MME. PORTEH, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm. & clalr.; sit. $150. 12fi Turk st.
MME. REN'NER, SlS^i Geary (Saratoga court),
clairvoyant, life and plant reader: ladies, 2oC.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 8214 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader: advice on ail
business affairs. 2Ec ui>. S23 Mission st. ; ring toll.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MISS AIMEE, gifted clairvoyant, card reader.
2S6 Natoma St.. near 4th: Thur.. Frl.. Eat.
MME. ZEUEDA.the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
i try: truth or no pay; 2ie & 50c. 1143 Mission.
MME, SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings daily. 212H Sixth st.
MMK. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE-Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO^DENTAirCLINIC, 8C9 Mar^
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 6 a. ni. to in p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for b^t crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, palnleps method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DU. GEOUGK W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge *>r extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PLATES from $5; crowns, $3 60: fillings, 50c.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full pet of teetb, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM- "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
| YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. «
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hrepltal. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 610 Golden Gate av.
EDUCATIONAL.
AVRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, J50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping. telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. PAN FKANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1226 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mwh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. J864.
VAN PEP. NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
UNIVERSITY graduate with experience as
schoolteacher will give lessons very reason-
able. Box 1932, Call.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deasy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
LAW schools, S27 Macket, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOoiT OF ACTING— LyTelim~Tliel*terr~3*10
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post sC,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Et.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. DreRsmaklng, Indies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; drekses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter Bt.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; enabl. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chlncpe emp. office— Best help
I furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay MS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanest, Chi-
nese belp. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help fiirn?; tel. John 2121. SOfiH Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farell St.; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT IVAXTKD— FEMALE.
AN Eastern lady of middle age would like
position as working housekeeper. Address T.,
£11 Golden Gate ave.
REFINED Proteetant young Iidy wishes posi-
tion as lady's companion; willing to help with
MglU housework; fair wages. Box 1964, Call.
A SWEDISH girl of experience: a good cook
and houseworker; city reference. Call from
¦ 11 to 5, 1050 Howard St.. room 6.
A REFINED young woman desires first-class
position as housekeeper or do second work.
Address MISS E. GIBSON. Mill Valley, Cal.
POSITION as day governess or assistant with
general office work, by a graduate of Miss
Head's Bchool; several years' experience;
beft references. Box 1931. Call. '
A GIRL wants a position as maid; no objec-
tion to traveling; best of references. Box
1926, Call office. v
YOUNG lady would like to go to New York
as companion or take care of children. MISS
DORA RIVERS, general delivery.
A POSITION wanted by Eastern woman as
managing or working . housekeeper: city or
country; ctate full particulars. Call or ad-
dress 11 Taylor st., room 2. : : .
A YOUNO woman would like light chamber-
work by the week. BSO O'Farrell s*-
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish girl (15 years) wishes to as-
sist In light housework and care of children.
Address SWEDISH, box 1927, Call office.
YOUNG American woman wishes position as
housekeeper or companion or any position of
trust; good seamstress. Box 1918, Call office.
WANTED — By a young woman to do washing
or house cleaning or to take washing home.
Call at 26^ Clara st., bet. Third and Fourth.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families: terms $1 25 per day; references.
Address 317 Golden Gate ave.
AN expert designer, dressmaker and perfect
fitter desires work by the day in families:
city or country: terms reasonable. Room 207
Winchester Hotel.
ENGLISH girl wishes housework in American
family; wages $25; references. Address E. L.,
4 \ ernon place, off Hawthorne st. .__
FRENCH dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements by the day. Box 1915, Call.
A REFINED American widow would like a
place aa companion or housekeeper. Box 1914,
Call.
A WOMAN wishes a situation to tak« car* of
a house during the absence of the owners;
fim-class care will be taken of. the place.
Address box 1913. Call office.
WOMAN to do any kind of work In city or
• country? small wages. 144 Fifth Bt., room 14.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper in
hotel or lodging house; references and ex-
perlence. Box 1960. Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
S21 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG lady wishes place as visiting or nur-
sery governess; able to teach English
branches, French, music, art, and good
. seamstress; has had experience; references.
Address box 2794. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady with 3 years' experience aa he-
toucher, colorlst and reception lady wishes a
position; no objection to country. Address
box 27ii3, Call ofilce, Oakland.
POSITION wanted by neat reliable girl for
housework or second work. Address 15
Clement et., Richmond District.
WANTED-By young lady situation aa com-
panion and maid for young girl. Addres3
box 1969, Call office.
WINCHESTER Hcuee. 44 Third ?t.. near Mar-
ket: £00 rooms; I5c to $1 BO night; Jl 60 to *G
week: convenient and respectable; free Bus
and haggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pub.«criptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT WAVTISD — MALE.
AN active, elderly man, first-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card writing and generally hand>,
wishes a permanent position in some large
retail or otheri establishment where his ser-
victs in that or any other capacity can ly
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOI^
KINS, box 27W, Call office, Oakland, Cal.
AMERICAN Eastern young fellow, 22 years
old, intelligent, honest, active and polite, de-
sires a position in lawyer's or physician's of-
fice or as valet; one who would take an in-
terest in him, as roommate as well as em-
_ploye, preferred; reference. Box 1310, Call.
MAN and wife want work in American fam-
ily; Keneral v.ork around the place; refer-
ences. 7JS Wood St., West Oakland.
GOOD bartender; half watch; would work
reasonable; references. A<Mress B.- GEORGE,
334 Eighth et.
A YOUNG man of good appearance attending
business college wishes to work for board and
j lodging; references given. B^ix 19 J5, Call.
¦ SITUATION wanted by good all-round cook;
country boarding-house or mining camp pre-
ferred. Call or address 22 Turk st., room 8.
WANTED — Light employment lor boy 17 years
old; has excellent moral character; highest
reference; if occupation Is suitable will work
for board. Box 1H37, Call.
YOUNG man wants position as bartender or
will accept of anything in a store; nrst-class
reference. Box 1923, Call.
HONEST and steady man would like position
as superintendent or foreman on large ranch;
has had 15 years' experience ;n nanuimg
green and dried Truit for East and city ship-
ment; used to handling men; good reference.
Address W. L.. box 1966. Call office.
STEADY young man would like position of
trust or otherwise, in city, in some wholesale
firm; used to city; best of reference as to
honesty and ability. Box 19C7. Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger, tinter. gratner and
decorator, with first-class city references,
complete set of tools, wants employment; will
work reasonable; city or country. Box 1961,
Call. |
STRONG young man wishes position to learn
carpenter trade. Write 307 Fulton st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, single, care horses; can
milk; good Kardener; care chickens; handy
with tools; low* wages; refs. C, box 1952 Call.
JAPANESE couple, man cook, wife waitress
and houseworker. want place In city or coun-
try. N. O., 729 California st.
POSITION* wanted as gardener; understands
lawn, greenhouse, janitor work; take care of
poultry and milk. Address F. II., 631 Sacra-
mento st.. S. F., room 134.
GOOD all-round cook want* a. place; city or
country. Address box 36C0, Call office.
POSITION by ail-round general mechanic; ex-
perienced as foreman machinist, draughtsman,
master mechanic, erecting and operating ma-
chinery; 13 years handling men; steady and
a hustler; pood reference; go anywhere. Ad-
dress box 1378, Call cfilce.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
'tler or to do Keneral work around place; city
or country; reference. Box 4400, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
j lencla st.
lSACHANGK.
¦ *sr» i
A MODEL FARM.
For sale or exchange, Oakland, San FVan-
! Cisco. Berkeley or Alameda residence, 160 acres
, Monterey County, 4H miles from two prosperous
towns; SO acres barley, 40 acres wheat, 10 acres
pasture and garden land surrounding the im-
provements: 30 acrea fruit, trees eight to nine
years old, full bearing, in part 213 paper shell
almond, 441 eoftshell almond, 300 Blenheim
apricots, 230 Royal npricots, 1ST Moorpark apri-
cots, 215 Early Crawford, 140 Early Alexan-
dria. 40 lemon cling, 56 heath, 56 stump ot
world freestone, 28 strawberry, 2S freestone,
also 100 assorted fruit trees, consisting of flg,
white and red nectarines, golden dip and egg
plume, pears and apples. Total trees, 2250, In
high state of cultivation.
Also the personal property upon the place;
good. farm wagon, new double-seated carriage,
spring wagon, 2 fine horses 8 ypArs old, broke
Kingle or double, six-horse gang plow., six-
horse new harrow, 2 cultivators, 5 double sets
harness, buggy harness, mower, hay rake, sin-
gle plows. 100 fruit boxes, 400 trays, also nu-
merous other farming Implements complete to
run tne place: some household furniture, con-
sisting; of 1 fine wrought iron range, cost $6o;
also bedsteads, mattresses, washstands, exten-
sion table, chickens, etc.; house of 5 rooms;
fine barn, accommodate 12 to 13 hend of horses,
j shed for storing buggies, 'wagons and farming
implements; fine windmill and tank sulnhur
< houses; chicken houses, etc; entire place fenced
into four fields.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
. All work done on the place up to harvest; im.
mediate pos&oseion given, together with this
I year's crop, which the present foreman 'esti-
mates will yield from $lo00 to $2000.
! This magnificent ranch is valued at $10,000.
The owner will exchange this for . residence
I property in Oakland, San Francisco, Berkeley
.or Alameda and assume some mortgage. Sub-
mit your proposition immediately.
' . . J. W. LAYMANCE,
Room 10, 632 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
EXCHANGE.
TOWN SITE AND TRADING P09T1
640 acres, nearly half In grain, all fenced: well
of good water, house and barn; storage facili-
ties; switch station; 2 passenger trains each
way dally, and many freight trains; school near
by; $.6500, 20 per cent cash, balance at 1 per cent
per annum.
ALSO.
$3200— Terms liberal; stock ranch of 640 acres.
well watered; one-quarter cultivable to grain,
gardening and hardy fruits; will make a good
hog or sheen ranch; water abundant; small
house and barn.
Apply to J. W. COX & CO..
606 Ninth St., Oakland.
Office hours. 9 to 12 a. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GSo^G^MA^m^Gennlrrexpert optician.
3071% Market (rear Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall. 50c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; '$25 and $2S. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A NEW 6-room sunny corner flat; private en-
trance; rent reasonable. Jackson and Larkln.
A NICE sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
J16. 41 Langton st.
A SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms; good condition.
118 Perry Bt. ; SIP-
A— 6-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay-windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417H Third.
DEARBORN, 8, off Seventeenth, near Valencia
—5 rooms and bath; rent $14 50.
FIFTEENTH, 1876. near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window Hat of 7 rooms, bath; house, -5 rooms,
stable.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine middle flat; 7 rooma;
bath; near City Hall: J35. -
GEARY, S13%— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35; water free. Apply LANDRY C.
BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
GROVE. S18 — Flat of 7 sunny r-oms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters ; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished: stiU<*,if desired of 4 Ktalls; carriage
floor, coachman's room, etc.: suitable for
physician: rent *30 and $33. Apply en prezn-
lses or MADISON & BURKE.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 MontKf'mery.
IVY AVE., 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
NEW .-lower flat, 5 rooms arid bath. 1129B
Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
NINETEENTH, 39?0, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro 8t. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18; water free.
RENT very cheap; four or five sunny rooms.
515 Thirteenth St.. near Market.
SHIPLEY St., 291, near Sixth— Flat, 5 rooms;
bath; gas; nice yard; $12.
SACRAMKNTO, 1226V*— $22; flat of 7 sunny
rooms and batlu __________
STEVENSON, 413. near Fifth— Upper flat five
sunny rooma; rent $14; water free.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent
$12 £0; 247 Oak pt. Apply G. II. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
SUNNY desirable fiats. Oak and Laruna *t9. ;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rents reasonable. MADISON
k BURKE.
$S— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. HO
Castro st^ *
$12-3 ROOMS and bath; in good repair. 171SA
leavenworth st.
$12— SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and bath. 4J0V4
Fourteenth St.. near Valencia.
$12— FOUR upper nunny rooms, and lower
! rooms, $10. 133 Ivy ave., near Van Ness.
i $11— UPPER fiat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
j St., off Market, near Valencia.
$1S— 6 SUNNY rooms, bath. 176 Julian ave.: $33—
8 Bi;nny ronm.o, bath, stable, etc. 154 Julian
ave.. near Sixteenth ft.
i FUKMTIIIE FOR SALE.
] FURNITURE of 3-room flat, used 3 months:
one of the most desirable flats in city for
rent; reasonable. 1'JIO I^arkin st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4* GO. with N. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED^
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your gecond-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy9
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission: tel. Red 33">3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses. Lake County, ?25. fare paid; 2
waitresses, California Hot Springs, $20; 2
waitresses, Pacific Grove, $2fl; waitress, San-
ta Cruz, fare paidj waitress. Lake Tahoe.
free fare both ways'! waitress, mountain ho-
tel, steady position, $20, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, State of Nevada, $25, lare paid; wait-
resses for Fresiu», Sacramento, Vallejo, Red-
wood, St. HelerrS, Kesv.-ick, $20 and $2?, all of
them fare paid '
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper and companion to old lady, $15,
San Jose, German or Swedish preferred, see
party here Monday: housekeeper, Marlposa,
?15 and fare paid; housejrirl. Grass Valley,
$25 and fare paid, nice place; cook for men,
$20: houseglrl. Martinez, $20, 2 in family; 25
houseRlrls. city and country; nursegirls. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 5 cooks, American and Jewish fam-
ilies. $30 and $35 per month; 4 cooks, private
boarding houses. t2f>, $33 and $40; nurse fjr
invalid and assist housework. $25: 6 German
and Scandinavian nurses and upstairs girls:
also for second work. $20 nnd $25: cook for 4
men on farm, ?20; a laundress for summer re-
sort, plain washing for the hotel, $30, faro
advanced; 2 girls, same house, as cook and
Fecond girl, $25 each; girl for general house-
work for an institution, $23: 4 ironers for ho-
tel* and public laundries, J30 and $35, and :i
great number of girls for general housework,
city and country, too numerous for us to ad-
vertise particularly, all at good wage3. Ap-
ply to J. F. CKOSETT. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Monday mcrning, 15 waitresses for
city and country, in restaurants, summer re-
Borts. springs, seashore resorts, commercial
hotels, private boarding houses, etc., at
wages $7 a week, $20 and $25 per month; fare
paid to most of these situations. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 316 Sutter gt.
HOUSEKEEPER, about 30, unmarried, to take
full charge of apartments; only 3 In family,
father, son and mother; home desired imore
than wages; rinnt party will be considered
one of tho family; reference. Box 1916. Call
YOUNG nursegirl, $20; flrst-elass carman cook.
$30; 20 general housework girls, $25; down-
stairs work and cooking, $25; second girl, $25.
MISS J. F. KELLY, 413 Powell St.. nr. Sutter.
WANTED — A trustworthy woman to manage a
business out of the city. Eox 1923, Call office.
¦PAPER BOXES — Experienced and inexperl-
, enced plrls WEMPE BROS., Main and Mla-
, slon stf^ ,
1 | WANTED— A lady as companion and llcht
housework; eood home; fair pay for rU'h?
' party. Call after 2 p. m.. 118 Taylor «t.
' WANTED-Glrls to paste sample*. E. H.
LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work In
our factory and to take work home; also a
presser. BAUER BROS. Co., 21 Sansome st;
; FRENCH housemaid and waitress who can
1 sew; ?20. MRS. FRANK WILEON, neai
Berkeley station.
WANTED— Experienced neckwear hands and
¦ apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON. 613 Market.
i GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; small family; no children. Apply 7SI
Dolores st.
! YOUNO Kirl to care for baby two years old:
sleep home"; Sunday 2 to 5 p. rn. ; room 15,
! ' Hotel Miramar, 703 Geary st.
' CITY, experienced workers and salesladies foi
', trimmed and untrimmed millinery for com-
; ing season. Apply Manager Millinery De-
, partment. Emporium. ,';
A COOK and general housework. Apply £62(
Buchanan, between 9 and 2 o'clock: ref-
erences.
. HIGHEST wages nnd steady employment tl
i women and girls at Code-Portwocd Canning
. Co., Tenth and Bryant.
WANTED— Lady office assistant; experlencec
; In figures; give references and wages expect-
; ed. Box 1925, Call office.
" TYPEWRITER and stenographer; must be ex-
perienced, rapid penman and accurate at flg-
' ures. Box 1919. Call.
EXPERIENCED fur finishers wanted Irnme-
dtately. ARCTIC FUR CO.. 925 Market st.
YOUNG woman for light housework and wail
. on invalid lady; $15. 1045 Mission st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl or old lady for house-
keeper for an old lady; llgrht housekeeping
work; in San Joee. Particulars to-day at 354!
Twenty-third st., city.
WANTED— A Protestant man and wife, m
| children; rent free; everything furnished.
$Ca» after 2 p. rd.. 1232 Valencia st.
RELIABLE woman or girl to assist; gooc
home; small wages. Call to-day, 1S06 Geary.
NEAT srlrl for light housework; plain cooking.
Call to-day, 812 Ellis st.
GIRL for lizht - housework and assist with
\ ¦¦ children. 38 Fair Oaks st. ' '.r-
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV1
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 324" Fremont »t.;
• no experience neceisary ; good wages. ' Applj
to MR. . DAVIS. '
HELP " W " A 5T]^~^S^fi^-~>~~-
to the right one at 1323 Stockton st.
WANTED-Toung girl to ass l.t . ln^ light house-
work; good home; unall wages. 32 Bircn
ave., near City HalL
WANTED-Housekeper for b» ch^| or '4 ox f^ :
must be good cook; references; $50. B» »""¦
Call office. -
RESPECTABLE woman with city £f erc °££
as housekeeper in a small roomlngr-house. *sox
1908. Call office.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS'. SUCCESS! ...
The McDowell Dressmaking and M lllnery
School succeeds because we »aw theleadin*
system, best course of training and m £"l™"}_
petent instructors; millinery course une^ ual-
ed; plenty of new material; visit us and see
what we have, to o«er; easy payments; pat-
terns cut to order. McDOWELL S. 1019 Mrkt.
ANY lady can make *13 to *25 weekly by rep-
resentlng us in her locality; P°»'V° n ' n d full
ant. profitable, and I will gladlj - send^ fun
particulars; no deception; even yoursPM*
time is valuable. Address MRS MARY t.
WHEELER, S7 Washington st.. Chicago. I"-
WANTED- Experienced canners; "teady w °£i
higher wages paid. Apply immediately. The
U. S. Fruit Packing Co.. Hani? 0 "**" off
Folsom. between Seventh and Elgntn.
CANNERS— -Women and B«rls: steady work and
highest wages. Apply California Canneries
Company, Ltd., Brannan St.. between Third
and Fourth.
WANTED— 12 ladies to travel; STS and expenses:
absolutely no canvassing; permanent position;
references; inclose self -addressed stamped en-
velope. Colonial Co.. 330 Dearborn. Chicago.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
shirts; Bteady employment to good hands, s-o
Valencia at. • j
GIRL, family of 3: housework; $8 or *10 per
month. 1609 McAllister st. Call Sunday.
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED; good home for
right party. Box 1943. Call office.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dreSs C. H.. box 1S24, Call office.
EXPERIENCED ironers on ladles' and chil-
dren's wear; also girls to learn ironing at
United States Laundry. 16th st.. nr. Valencia.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady; 9 hours' work;
$6. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth gt, •
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Qough and Grove sta.
WAITRESS wanted at Hotel Repelier. 781 But-
ter st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
IIELI" WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main ES4S.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
WE SHIP FREE
7463 men for all parts of California, Utaii,
Washington. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only 11
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev., Dlst.
Los Angeles Dist Truckee Dist.
Santa Barbara Dist Shasta Dist.
Silt Lake City Diat Crows Landing Dist. I
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Dist.
Daiunnnlr Dist Bakersfleld Dis-t.
I- Soda Springs Dist Madera Dist.
• San Luis Dist Surf Diat.
And other places. We ship FREE FREE
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
Quarrymen. spikers, section hands, tunnel
men. steel gangs, etc., wages $3. $2 50, t- £>.
$2, Jl SO day and FREE SHIPMENT
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
it costs only II fee: no other expenses; COME
SEE FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
i A-40 CARPENTERS 40 CAP.PENTERS
I WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SHE. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 62S Clay st.
A— HOTEL CANDY. ...and OTHER DEP'TS
S3 cooks also 5 third. B second hands, broil-
ers, etc. tCS, $60, $55. |30. $43. |40, $33, $30, $^
and found; 32 waiters. COME. SEE. $33. S30.
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps.
30 and found; YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30, ?25, $23 and found
•MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
! A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
18 bakers, first, second and third hands, $03.
Sio, $45, $40, $33 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand. $50; second hand, f40
and found, same country Job, boss here and
fare paid ¦
3 boys or young men to work in bakeries. $20.
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 4
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses.
etc.. $40, $33, $30 and found; COME, SEE
13 laundrymen, washers, markers, starchers,
polishera, ironers. etc.. $33. $4^, $"?0 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— MINES CROWDS GOING
49 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75
12 machine miners, gold mine $90
42 miners, single hand, exceptionally good
jobs, fares from $1 75 to $4 $40 and found
IS hard rock miners $75
39 laborers for a large mine, $10. US and
! found, including board and lodging*, if you
i give cood satisfaction you will be advanced to
I $60 per month and found; remember, all the
Jobs *>b«ve end below need no experience.
264 laborers for different mines, $50, $48, $42,
$40. $33 and found ' fares from $1 50
COME, EVERYBODY and lnvestlzate these
mines; crowds solnar daily. Why? Because
positions steady year round and BIG WAOES
PAID YOU. MURRAY & READY, 634-63<i
Clay st.
A— IT is very interesting to watch Murray &
Ready handle with ease the great labor ques-
tion WORK.... WORK.... WORK.... Come
dewn, pet our list containing 7463 positions
| and see for yourself. MURRAY & READY.
i A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers. wagon-makers,
carriage-makers, woodworkers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, $2 50 $2 day: $.'.5, $50, $30,
$43, $40. $30 and found: COME. SEE
Coremaker and ."3 other mechanics; wages run
from $4. 13 50. $3. i2 50. $2 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay 8t.
i j A— FARMS. Orchards, Dairies. Hay Presses.
' ! Vineyards, Hay and Harvest Fields
Fruit pickers J2S and *39 and found
326 farm hands $33. $30. $26 and found
125 haying hands.. $1 23 to $1 50 day and found
SS harvest hands. .$1 SO to $2 a day and found
E6 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese-
makers $40. $3o, $30 and found: come & •<>
36 choremen and boys, $30, $26. $25, $20, $15
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
¦ A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $30, $40,
¦ $35. $.S0 and $2." and found: coachmen and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$175 a day
126 men to pick fruit $25 and found
SPECIAL .'.
3S6 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Call-
| fornla. $2 50. $2 25. $2. Jl 73 day; many for
. city positions and board home
6 farmers and wives
i MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
'. A— ..;... AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 33 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO F.XPERIENCE WANTED
I S€3 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 nn.I
1 found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. ban.l
. sawyer*, screw turners, gang edgermen. in
'. fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. JSO. J75. J9O, J120. Jw>.
$30. $40, $30 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers. tie
makers, tools and food found, some at jnin^s.
$3. $2 iO, $2, $1 50, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner: shingle packer
23 laborers for sawmill, fare paid. ..$40 and M
From city. town, village and hamlet do
crowds come to go on our great sawmlll-
' woods position; WHY? because climate beau-
tiful, water good, wages good and no ex-
perience required and always a chance t >
raise themselves to different steady poslti->n3
' and YOUR FARE PAID
' MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
: \ WOODS foreman; pawmlll foreman; 6 Iron
molders; 12 laborers, warehousa work. $10 and
found: sheepherders; 40 laborers, Inside work,
. $50. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
JTANTED— Experienced wocrt worker on bug-
. nSries. lumber wagons, etc. ; must be competent
to run boring machine, circle saw, band saw,
planer, shaper and rounder: wanes J3 per day;
steady job to the right man. Call on CHAS.
t W. STEIN & SONS. 263 Stevenson st.
- WANTED— Boy with some knowledge of bak-
ery- Apply 413 Third st.
S MAN to care for horses and cow ana work
around place; good wages to good man; must
come well recommended. Address fcox 193S,
' Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Do you want one?
j Get ready now; circular 115. giving particu-
1 lars as to salaries, dates of examination, etc.,
1 «=ent free by Nat" 1 Correspondence Institute.
Washington, D. C. Write to-day.,
. EDUCATED responsible representative wanted
i at once; position permanent: $24 weekly guar-
anteed. AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CORRE-
SPONDENCE:. Booton. Mars.
; WANTED— Steady, reliable man partner In
r well paying cash business; $73 to $S3 per mo.;
$150 required. Address box 1933, Call office.
HELP WAiVl'ED--MA LB '
AT C. R. HANSEN &^CO."'S ¦¦--"^ G^ ««•
Wanted-MOO men for
300 laborer»-S. P. Co.'s r«rn a day
2W teamsters-BakersHeld I" a da/
200 teamsters-Coast road r-tilv
10O laborer»-For quarry •£ a F °**
Ship daily-Offlce feejl VnV^frf fet
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 10 * Ge>ry bU
A-\TANTED-Monda7~^oTOin«r at 750. with
blankets, ready to go on 100 laborer,
for S. P. Co. 'a own work: O^ast roed. J- a
day; free fare. C. K. HAN.5E.N & CO.. 104
Geary st. ¦
B m ?n B t E H S -Be^a^-^1^7g^ggE
WANTED-AsslHtant manager In large cloa*
department: must h^ha.l experience la
managing a cloak department; Rive^.refer-
WANTED-By established, well-rated firm,
fcchJne^ Realty men to sell an^xceedl^.
ly attractive and salable line, special terma
ind unique inducements; high-priced men In-
vestigate. Box 432. Dertoit. Mich.
WANTED-* hard-rock miners; W3 S* 8 *?W per
day: board la *18 per month: doctor^ fees n -.
per month. Apply to The New 1W» «¦ MB.
Co.. San Benito Co.. Idria. Cal., JAMES u.
FIN'CH, Su^t^
WAXTED-Young man to help on cakes. 12C3
•yVAXTED— Boys. Apply 111 Clay st.
WANTED-First-class «blnetmaJieri: wages.
$J »«r day. Leave name and aAdresa box
192«. Call office.
¦WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; steady
position; give refcrencea. Box 13:3. CaJl office.
"WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: from 8
to 8 week'?; constant practice: commission
while learning; transportation paid: special
inducements until August 1. Ad/Jress GOR-
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE. 417 N. Main
Bt.. Los Angelea. m
WAITER wanted; also a dishwasher at SOS Mis-
sion st. .
AVAXTED-An experienced woman to work la
lodging-house; aleep home. Box 1317. CaJI.
WANTED— German waiter at Helvetia Hot«l,
431 Pine at.
TWO first-class outside salesmen to Bell auto-
trraphic registers: salary. Call between 9 aai
12 a. m.. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
PAIVTER— For sale, complete outfit of falls
and tools very cheap. 313 Fulton, lower flat.
A EOY wanted; one who has worked at black-
tmlthing. lies Mission st. .
Al SOLICITOR of good dress, address and ed-
ucation, on best proposition in the city:
names, addresses and introductions furnished:
call Monday. Rooms 123 to 133. 305 Larkln Bt.
WANTED— Three good coatmakers and thr««
j pantsmakers Sunday moraine- 2S13 Green-
wich st^ .
"WANTED— A cook and waiter." 135 Fl?ta st.
WANTED— Smart boy for rrocery and to gro
round with delivery wagon. 1S01 Turk gt.
EOT to help in store and run errands. 523 Va-
lencia st^
MEN with nervous or private diseases should
apply at Y S Med. Institute. 1113 Market at.
! ENGINEERS firemen, machinists and electri-
cians—Send 10o for new 40-pas?e pamphlet,
containing list of questions asked by E-xam-
inlnic Board of Engineers. GEO. A. ZEli-
LER. Bock.«elter. St. Louis. Mo.
SALESMEN— Automatic copying book: Just
out- E^lis itself; needed by every business
man; a bonanza for agents; exclusive terri-
tory. Pershins Mfg. Co.. South Bend. Ind.
MAN: good character to deliver and collect for
old es>tab. manufacturing house: t3O0 yearly;
expenses guaranteed; inclose references and
self-addressed stamped envelope. Addres3
Manufacturer. 3d floor, 32S Dearborn, Cnicago.
WANTED — A cood salesman in liquor store;
! must cune well recommended; eocd salary.
! Address AV. N.. box lilS. Call oftk-e.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic, men's
furnishing: salesmen. Box 13-16. Call office.
! WANTED— Good tinsmith: no other need ap-
ply: steady work. 67 Fourth st.
HOWARD HOT.'SE. S49 Howard st.. bet. First
and Second ats. — Single rooms, per night, lie
to 50c: per week. 7jC to 12: also beds for 10c;
cheap, clean, quiet; reading rocm; morning
calls.
WANTED—
laboring men. tl S3 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. JI *i to %i per day.
KESWICK SMELTINO WORK?,
Keswick, Shasta Co.. Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by th» day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alame-1a County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the -company, at
32S Montgomery St., San Francisco. Saa
Franoisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of sood character, between th* ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet •*
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
pens who have lfjrally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to reaJ. writ*
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Fnncfsco, Ca!.. &30 K
St.. Sacramento, Cal., or IOCS J st., Fresno, Cal.
COMPETENT draughtsman to detail structural
: Iron work; must have experience; good pay to
right man. 4 California st.. room 8.
j BARBER wanted for Saturday: |4 guaranteed,
i and Sunday. 10$ Fourth Ft.
j ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
! WANTED — Cook far small restaurant. 1915
! Central ave.. bet. California and Sacramento.
; GET your shoes ha'.f-soled while waiting". 2Sc ta
oOc. SG2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
] WANTED— A man to help in kitchen. Jeffer-
I son Hotel. Harbor View.
"WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St.. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Eti Rolkln, Keno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 21T Third st. ; liO lars»
rooms: 1'c per night: $1 to i2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barbar trade; small
wajres while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard et.
| PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPEELL. lawyer: 1«
years' practice: Examiner bMsr-
! SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
1 a11 P art9 of world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
i WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: <0O rooms, 25c night; reading- room: fre«
bua ami baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 2ac per night; 73c to J2 per week.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
J received at Call branch office. 22QQ Flllmore st.
I BOUSES. LI VIS STOCK. Etc For Sal*
j WANTED— YounR road horse: stylish and fast;
for oue that suits a good price will be paid.
Address with price and description, box 1330.
Call office.
A CARLOAD of weil-broke draft and driving
* horses, just arrived, weighing from 1000 U>
IjOO riounils; the horses can be seen now at
the Staniford Stables. 3US-310 Golden Uate ave.
I 40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bussies.'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
BtTJJVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
' LOT of cheap horses for camper?, peddlers or
business at CANTYS. 2170 Market St.; Castro
| st. cars lass the door.
I Fort rale—2 extra fine carriage terms nit,
• 1 - Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.*
HORSES— Young, well-hmken. forTll purposes-
; cheap: best In city. 711 lliyanl *t.. nr. Third.'
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: heuses to let: send for clr
GOLDEN GATE live.. 70S-E>gan't " hotue. 19
J^M^n'bo^^Mo^o^ry^^ Q '
A im M M F i? S ?o T n A - 8I^r C eaV)-: Se ' 7
H 4 )l Wo I lre 4 3 I t OOII " 9: 8 W ° Ife s: " : rent J3> Key at
JESSIE. 82OU. off Nlnth-Housa of 4 rooms and
stable: rent reasonable. a
?I££ SES U "*-VTED.
ket to California. Box 1341. Call. *"*~
LOST AXD FOLWD. ~
LOST— 5 cows; 4 branded No. 3~on~horns"otn^
muloy cow; rewsfrd. WILLIAM SClTxEFKR
Twenty-seventh ave., S^nj^no r p"i K
r> u "« containing one twenty-doll
to'&LCMjjng. nve8: $1 ° reward -
L ? ST r Lar^? Pointer dog. brown and white"
lrt h i*k C H lar and short "ttaehed. Ket im
to Lick Houae and receive suttabla rewartj.
LOST-Corner Van Ness and Fulton koH cuff
button Finder will be suitably ¦ wwSded to
returning; to 301 Van NeaJ av«. rewaraea D »THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
37
f MEDICAX.
jaiS. I'R. KOHL, removed to 446 Ekldr ct th«
well-known and reliable laflie,- ph.yBlcia.n-
puarar.teed treatment at office, J5; home for
;.at!er,:s before and during confinement- con-
*uii»Uon Jree and ©onfideoUaJ; hours S to E
and 7 t" s. Sundays, 10 to 2. 446 Eddy »t be-
tween Leaven worth and Hyde.
1-n. G. \V. OpONNELU the world-renowned
lakes' *£ecHLll«t; u.!e and reliable; ha* prac-
ticed IB8U Iranclsco for yeaj-s; treated thou-
h.inis cf cases successfully; treatment can be
tued at home; consultation free. After all
:!;,rs fall call en him. 103*4 Market st.
I It and MRS. DAVIES. 12IS Market st-Tr^I
liable ladies specialist*; 30 years' practice-
patients' private home; positive cure at of-
:.ce: <-*:et.rated H1XDO HERB home treat-
n;«-r.t: Bend o Z-cer.t ttnir.pt for c 1 re u iar .
RS. Oi.«)DWlN, well-known ladie«- specialists
have returned from Europe; eafe and reliable;
re $3; have treated thousands of cases with
f^.-r.^; Is years- practice In 8. F.; maternity
:¦¦:-¦«•¦ low fees. VA.*i Market at., near Sixth.
•'- 1" 1 - I'R- WTETH. reliable specialist; 25 its'
tnctlcm; h. me in confinement; treatment at
$5; any ailment; consultation free: con-
r.aential. iM? Pogt et.. bet. Hyde and L^rkln.
M US. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladies' ipedal-
tatj home !n confinement; safe and reliable-
-or.suUation free; hour* 10 to g. ~7T
<¦¦ NG TOY KEE. late of Canton, China; dis-
easea of a.1 kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
•,ar:un-...4O S&cramento.cor. Kearny -.advice free.
IVTSE ( Tf). the ladies' epecialist. 1118
Market. St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
IP^IOS*^ home tor confinement; reasona-
! e. J,j.. Folsom ft. MRP. DR. PFEIFFEIt.
: -It. WO.\(J HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
>¦**(¦* of th> human body. U5 Mason st
misii:lla.\eols — fou sale.
EOILERS, er-pines. 2d-SSd~niIchTnery! M?
IXTOSH &. WOLPMAN. 1S5-1S7 Fremont tt.
H-mS. back bar*, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixture*; r .»w and secend-har.d; we always
have a large «ock of taiocn outfits on hand-
J- corr.r!ete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we c*n ship everything- In 24 hours. J. XOO-
NAN. icn. 1015. 1021. iro Mission «t., above
fclnh; write for catalogue.
•A-<3L,D-MASTEK violin with bow and box for
**2; Is a bargain at double that price. UNCLE
HAKIUS. 15 Cirant are.
TOR SALE— Naticr.al cash register: pood as
new; detail adder; $^0. Box 1»12, Call?
ANOTHER Standard caligrarh typewriter re-
modeleij; rrtnta like new; $3; will send for
trial and examination. L. & M. ALEXAN-
L>EK. IIP Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, Mill cr rents gear machinery, «n-
fir.es. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. S16 Spear «t.
A— £3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75. Po~-
uiar Price Hatter*. S30 Kearny ft., near Pine.
1.VD-HASD engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and ragoline er.g. H. S. White. £16 Mission.
A FINE eu'.t. $;0; dress pants. $: ~. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery rt.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
mod^l; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cai.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: felling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. £13 Examiner bldg.
liniSON concert phcnojrrarb— Reduced price.
• $371; concert records, $1 DO. Baclgalupi, J33 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boiler*; Iron and wood
lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 13S Beale.
hlXOND-HAXD fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
l«r r-rorf fafe: cheap. 4* Main st.
1IAGIC lar.terr.s. new and w>enr><i-hand; movlnp
pk-tur*-*. Cl'LLARD A- BRECK, 131 Post Rt.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
prouf safe. 116 California ct.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HFTR-
MANN SAPE CO.. 41T-4I3 Sacramento ft.
FAFES-Xfw snd second -hand: all sizes. TTin
WALTZ SAFE. l-*-m Market ft- Kan Fran.
r J11SCKLLA>KOI !> WA.Vl's.
V.'ANTED — One or more collies; must be well
(¦rf>d and 1 year old. Address, price and de-
Bcrtrtion. li. ESTORFF. Colfax. Cal.
A— 1M H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
m r. JARDINE. SO Fremont st.
VAXTKD- A second-hand transit. Apply box '•
l.C*. Call
V, -ANTED- A Pettlurr.a hay 1 ress in roM condl- :
tion; *ta;e where can be seen. Address *.2 |
East Thirty-fourth ft.. Oakland.
O<X)L» wagon: capacity ab^ut Sjt*) pound?; win
pay cath. At.rly 400 nranna,n.ft.
ERALEKZX8 are what we Day bi* prices for.
PORTLAND LO,\X OFFICE. V, Stockton ft.
IK you w;»h full \-alue fcr your cast-off clothing j
'-all on P.. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4ia. j
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6 j»er cent; 1st. 2d and Zi mort-
eapes undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
f>a'.". mortfra««-» aud legac-ies bought; no de- i
¦&y; set mv terms before doinj; business else- I
where. H. McOOLOAX. -« MontgcmgT. r. 3. !
.ANY r*"opopitlon. ar.y amount; 6 per cent; flrft. !
se^nd mortgages. e?ta:.e» in probate, interest i
in «>«ate«, lesaiien, corpcratlon loan*, chatt*: !
mortgair»"(i, u: e insurance. Rocm H, first |
Boor. Chrcr.icle b^*:. HALLORAN & OLSEN. j
HIGHLY resr-ec table private place to obtain i
liberal advances on diamonds, jewe.ry at low- j
est raU-e. IJ&Jdwia Jewelry Store. 845 Market I
mx.: tel. Main 1644. BnUKfc IS Third i>U
ON furniture and pianof without removal: quick i
service; rnon<ey direct; lcwest Interest. Rooms j
Ci and 6S. DoaobOC building. 1170 Market rt.
ON real estate, lfct or 2nd mortgages, ar.d on
furniture or rianoe; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 16 Montgomery.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, J-welry W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
htphest prire for old sold, eUver. diamonds.
( . N'Y amount by private party on furniture an.1
V ptar<-.# : no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONJ:lli, Ooasertmtory v>\<ig., 130 Powell st. j
AT IIS Kearny. rocrn 9, refpectable private !
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest i
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis S95.
S^.CCO in furr.? to Fu!t on furniture or rea! es- i
tate; low rate: ttrlctly private. Address bor I
IMS. Call office.
TO ealai-led pcwpla without e^curlty; all bus!- j
ness confidential. Toutley Co., 2Z\ Parrott big.
ON furniture, r<anc»; 3 per cent ptr month: no I
ccrr.mlgslon. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy «t.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security, j
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 421 Calif. !
ANY turn. l»t or M morttra^es. • -•;»:. = in pro-
bate, chattel*, etc. U. 603. Hxamin-r building.
II. MURPHT. C30 Market Ft., solves all kinds of
financial problems; id mortgage*, e* rates, etc.
CAFH loaned to salaried t*or>le on note without
Jndorser. MORRELL, 6C3 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
ml£»lon: private. LICK. US McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Acency. 143 Phelan building.
MO.VEV WA.NTED.
WANTED— JCOOO, 8 per cent; good position; No.
I security; r.o agents. Box 1!-3S. Call office.
MIMfAL IXSTniME.VTS.
THIS week ycu can get a fine solid leather
music roll in black or tan for "ac; regular
rrice. SI ITS. Send your order to MAUVA1S'
Music Ho'jm, 769 Market st.
LARGAINS at »r-0, JT3. flOO, fliO; good piano* ;
will exehar.re l&trr for better ones and allow
what !fc paiii. MAtrVAIS'. 7€» Market «t.
XJECKEU & PON or Packard pianos are what j
you should buy: th»y are beet In so many I
i " ayt - MAUVA1S Music Co.. 763 Market «L '
•A6> we represent the be-ft make of pianos Jn
every grade from Fteinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our • installment pay-
ment? are ea«!er than these of other dealer?,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos $6 cash. $5 per
month: ether pianos. 13, H and $5 per month,
fc -HERMAN. CLAY &. CO.. Steinway d-alers.
corner Kearny and Sutter ft*., San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Hroadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE S.
"6. is and 3j O'Farrell et.; i>lanoi>. organs and
all other ir:ue!cal Instrument* of all grades
mid prices: term* ea«y; prices lowest: e\-ery-
thlng possible done to please and satisfy the:
customer. ¦ . : . - ¦ ¦ .-
ItKMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano «tore to SS3
Market n.. between Klfth and Sixth, next to
Hale Uros. ; reduction !»ale will continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock; open
ever.lnps: agency for the celebrated Shor.inger
& Behnlnc plane*. New York.
A tnCS upright JC3
A better one 109
FlFcher upright. Rood ccndltion 1C5
And Ui other pood second-hand bargains
UZSJ. CfRTAZ & SON. 16 O-F"arrell »t.
A-HANDSOME. richly carved upright piano,
latest design, standard mak?, three pedals,
used cr.lr a few months. $lW: another nne
upright, ttt. and one at $100. Rocm 12
Flood building.
eOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
t*n pianos. SO? Post St.. or.p. Union square.
Af'IN'E Steinway upright; good as new; $250.
¦V Market Ft.
1100— LARGE upright piano. SG»8 Eighteenth
etrect.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap; Installment 13
r#r month. BCHMITZ. 16 MrAlllster ft.
SLAUGHTER •*!« of plant* . thl» week fcr
6tcr»ce. WILSON'S STORAGE. . 1710 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CLOSING out; fifteen pianos and organs at
your own prices this week only. SPENCER'S,
ISIS Market et., above Van Ness ave.
W. o. DADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. J Latham place.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerinjr. J190; Installments
tj to $10; rent 12 up. HEINE'?. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. t2 up. P.RUENN. 2OS Post st.
offices anl rooties — to mr-
PART of store at 12 Steuart St.; suitable for
agency or tailor.
1'ALMlSiKV.
MME. Neersard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 5>. 61$ Gear?-, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
FTtEE — Success in life can only be obtained
through influence: will send, absolutely free a
100-pape book which explains all secrets of
hypnotism, personal maKnetitm & magnetic
healing: tells how to cure diseases & bad hab-
its, enables you to win & hold the love and re-
spect of others; anybody can learn in a few
days: we puarar.te» success: write to-day. Ad-
dre?t< NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCI-
ENCE. 1 ><?pt. S17L. Roohestc-r. N. Y.
WANTED— A first-class assistant at Findlay's
rVhcMl for Dancin*. Mission Parlor Hall.
Seventeenth st.. above Valencia. Apply be-
fore Tuesday evening.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price,
plain, neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind of
hairdretsing only 2r.c. 1J3 Stockton st.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPICE BROS.
Mattresses nad pillows made to order, re-cov-
ervd and renovated; honest work guaranteed :
prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone &309; factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh* St.;
first-class cieanliig and dyeing. Wi Sutter
St., Bun Francisco.
j LKDEREU'S Quintonica hair tonic keeps your
hair beautiful and glotf-j; KcJj.iI. Try It.
ALL scalp and hair dl?ea«es guaranteed ; pay
! when as represented : ciiacr.OF'..-« free; Luxurlol
I never falls A'Mress, with stamp, for trea-
tise and free proof. MRS. H. R. DUNLAP.
St. Ann's building, Eddy, Market and Powell
stE.. San Francisco.
PRIVATE— A home in confinement; removed
from the bustle an.1 din of a large city; pri-
vacy which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or sanitariums; phy^U'lans having patients
de^irins to administer medical services them-
selves can do so: country patients solicited.
MRS. 1>H. FL'NKE, HIS Eighth i>t.,Alameda.
WANTED— Name end adJreyg of party suffer-
ing with asthma. J. A., box 1S1L Call.
LEDEREP.'S Foamo Ehampr-o cleanses the
scalp and kee;s it cleanse pks; better buy it.
illHS PHELDOX, cli!rnr«-.<list snd card reader.
S50 Market St.. seccn<l fl >or, room 37.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
cher.lKe-wove rugs, silk f-crtiercs; <iealer In
carpet twine Ui hank or chain, at lowest
rate?. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fif.'h. Oakland.
1 AMATEUR photographers— Save N per cent by
[ having your vrcrk dor.e at Kf-rnbrandt Studio,
HO Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks. 3^x3^,
mly Sic; no charge fcr blank negatives; pro-
fessional advlcr free; lessons plven, &0c each.
! ELECTRIC lights in every rcx^m— \Vin«?h?st»r
Hctel. 44 Third st., rear Market: 700 rooms;
Kc to $1 50 per r.'.pht: $1 50 to !*> per week:
free 'bus 3nJ bagpaee to nnd from the ferry.
I SUITS t-> order on installments: $13 upward;
$1 a week. I.EON 1.EMOS, 1117 Market St..
between Seventh nr.tf Eighth.
1IME. ADA, wcr.ilerfuiry gifted healer. 34
Kearny st.. rocm 11. cures nervousness. In-
»r,mr.ia, b'.indnes*. Bright'* ti!?ea.«e, rupture.
AHLBOIiN Rome, 313 to 3M Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-Americar. hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per dav and up: finest meals in city, 25c
LADIES' and gtrts' cast-off cl -thine IiaustM .t
sold. Sliverman. '.^4 Folsom. tel. Foisom 1191.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; <-uric<=. all description?. t.2h Dupcit st.
SUITS to crd?r en easy naysientft. Art Tailor- i
ins Co., Examiner hulfdir.E. room 407.
ALFR1-2PUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair f> its natural color. $1: at all drygs^ts^
CAST-OFF rlothing.old gold an.', rilver bouuht:
fend postal. COLEMAN'H. £06 K»arny st.
G P. MORSE, photographer. !SM Parifie ave., j
between Pierce nr.<1 Scott: ph< ne Stein-r S$fll !
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.'
WE I< an ko^.ak* free: photo fiuppli"*. Ilackus j
st'niio. 1! <>»ary st.. ground and top floors.
PUTSICIA.XS AM> SUUGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DOSXELL — Office and residence,
1011't Market St., bc-t. Plxth and Seventh.
PB.OPKRTY jWAXTKD.
COTTAGE or building lot in Rlchmbond: mu«t
be che-au. R B. MOTT &. CO., 20 Pest st.
WANTED— To puichaf-fl abf-ut an acre of land
for oamnir.gr. Box l»4r.. Ca!l office. i
ILKAW Ssl'A'l'K— Cli 1 KOIt MALE.
BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MAKKET-ST. CORNER.
Near City Hull; C7:S)xli7:C; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only m.600.
H-ST. FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this ttwroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHT? RESIDENCES.
$27,500— Pacific avv. residence; elegant modern
re-Eidence, 17 rwrnis, 2 baths: all arrangements j
ior an r^-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
JCOCO — Green at., near Gough; good residence, j
9 rooms and bath anj laundry; lot 1:6:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$30. COO— Geary Ft., near Van Ness ave.; 4 resl- j
dences; rents $1SO: lot S7:Csl20 to rear street.
t^T.CWi — Koisom st. corner: manufacturing dls- |
trict; 3 iiontages; rent? ?]70; lot 10uxS7:6. i
$11.000— Rents J113; Castro It. corner; etores
ar.<l flats; lot SteW).
AN OFFER WANTED.
tZZZQ — Ritch Ft.; 5 flat?: rents $42 SO: lot 22xS0. I
jgrX,O— Rents $65; Natoma ft., near Sixth; coal j
yard and 4 Rats above; lot 27x73. '•
RESIDENCE PKOPERTT.
t£5.C>0— Price reduced: Washington st. resl- i
dence. with fine marine view; larcc garden; j
tun all day; !ct 127:exl27:€; don't fail to *ee j
this property. ;
$2700 — Richmond district; entirely new; 2 cot- j
tap^s; modern In every respeel: easy terms. |
JSGoO— Funset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences, just completed; 6 rooms ani
bath and basement; lot 2.ixl20; easy terms.
}¦•-'• — Steiner 1^., near Ellis; cottase * rooms;
lot i~x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$^000— Van Kess ave.; corner; 32x109.
$H.'Kif>— Presidio Heights: corner;' 137:6x127 :8Vi;
fine marine view; choice resilience lot.
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
J22S0 — Mill Valley cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 403 PINE ST.
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
KTM — A cozy home; house j rooms and bath;
."¦'.' i-<- let; half block from car line.
$23C>0 — Rent $360 per annum; store and flat;
nothing like it in the city.
Only $1000 cash and $3<X,ft mortgage for a fine
house ar.d lot on the Panhandle Park, near
Central ave.
$7;CC 1 — Jackson Et., near Buchanan; lot 50:6x
12^; improved.
$s«'KKi— Kent $7S0 per annum; 4 fine flats on
Fillmore st.; lot 50xS0.
i^'ZtJ — Rent $i40 p«rr annum; a nice business
property; on Geary ft.; store and flats.
$3>«j each— Four splendid lots, I3xl0i-ach , on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) ti.. Just west of
Valencia.
$i:.0u earn— Five 1M*. 2.1x70 each, on Clinton
Park, vest of Valencia st.
$3SO0— MUST be sold; mortgaged; lot ZSxlPQ; on
FolBcm st.. near &ih; old improvements.
JL'OO — Great Lart;ain: cost tlM); 6-room cot-
tage on Church «.. near 23th; street bitumin-
izci; cement sidewalk; by ortfer of court.
$2iX>— idxir.; (400 was refused some time ago
for these lots; must now l*e »old; Sadowa Bt
near Capitol: level ar.d ready for building.
McEWEX MROS-.J1S Montgomery st.
OPEN to-day— New 4, Z avA C rooms and bath
co:ta?es; California avc-.. near Twenty-sixth
and IJryant «t5. : small cash payment, balance
like rent; take r<.l?om or Bryant st cars
MCEWEX nKO^JllSMJ^jyT-
IJCOO WILL tuiM 4-room bay-window cottage;
all plumbing; basement hard flnl*ned- irood
work: pUoa furnished; will take old 'build-
in*? part payment for new. Drop postal
QUO. M. SALSRL'RY. Builder. 2047 PoIkTt .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now Is the time to buy while trices are low.
$450 to $S00— Sunset lots, sewered and graded-
all ready to build en; In excellent locations- HO
monthly. '
r!50 to J9CO-Cholcest ' Richmond lots; JiO
monthly.
tn to $30ft— Butldlr.* lots near Mission «t and
San Mateo electric cara and Ocean View; all
level; no grading; li monthly.
JCSfl to $1000 for Email cottages In excellent
locations war cars; payments same as rent.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by . H,
MURPHT, 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estates. |
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$9.000 — Rents $330 per annum; business corner
on Howard st. ; substantial Improve-
ments; 2 stores and 2 flats; always rent-
ed; 44:11^x75:6; to close an estate.
$1,500 — Another bargain; cottage of 4 rooms
and lot; in the Mission warm belt; must
be sold to close an estate.
12,600— Rents $396 per annum; to close an es-
tate; 3 flats and lot. 25x75; near 7th and
Howard sts.
$27,500 — Hents $4MX> per annum; Chinatown prop-
, erty; 5-story brick Improvements and
lot 71x115.
$2,5CO— Rents $444 per annum; 4 flats and lot;
fronts on 2 streets; near 3rd and Bran-
nan sts. .-,
$14,500 — Rents $1200 per annum; 3 elegant mod-
ern flats of 8 rooms and bath each; 33x
137:6: very nice location in the Western
Addition.
$12,000 — Rents $1260 per annum: choice in\eBt-
ment In the NE. part of the city; sub-
stantial 3-story building, store and 4
rials: good renting locality; rented
steadily since built- one of the prin-
cipal streets near IVwell and Union sts.
$S, 750— I 'rice greatly reduced; splendid invest-
ment; Sutter st.; 2-story attic and
basement residence; 12 rooms, bath,
laundry, storeroom, outhouse, etc. ;
large lot. 34:4V»xl37:6; only J2750 cash re-
quired; balance can rt-main at 6 per
cent: a bargain; building cost $11,000 to
build: gocd location for first-class
boarding-house.
$5,200 — Very cozy cottage on Devisadero st. ; 5
rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100; to
close an estate.
$6,000 — Rents $510 per annum; 2 nice modern
fiats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
Oak St.; short distance from Market 8t. ;
large lot.
$6,500— 2-story basement and attic Eastlake
residence; lot 25x?3:6.
$3,000 — Rents $Si0 per annum: 3 new modern
flats and house; 23x123 ; very nicely sit-
uated in the Western Addition; Pkrce
street.
$10,000 — Renta $S40 per annum; price greatly re-
duced; 2 elegant 3-story modern houses;
could be converted into 6 flats at small
outlay: 35:0x125; $6000 at 6 per cent can
remain; Scott St.
$1C,OCO — Rents $1200 per annum; price greatly re-
duced; coEner; six 2-story houses of 6
rcoms and bath each; »7:6x?2:6; Western
Addition; this Is a flr&t-class invest-
ment.
$10,000— Hents $1116 per annum; Mason st.; 6
flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each;
3:':6x97:6.
$13,000— R>mts $1320 per annum: 4 flat3 and 2-
etory huuse; substantial Improvements;
Mily 6 years old; cost $11. COO to build;
60x137:6; near ICth and Howard sts.
j New map of San Francisco County. 25c.
1 Choice list of building lots in all parts of the
city at prices- to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a Urt of property for
I Eale in every part of the city.
I G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
I $55.000— NW. corner; Turk St.. near Larkln;
: 137:6x137:6; rents »2S5; partially Improved.
: KO.TOO — Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
.Townsend tts. ; S?x240 feet; two frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin st. — 77x137:6; modern
house of IS rooms.
$:s,000— Market ft., near Valencia; 3S:llV£xl24;
irregular to Stevenson et. ; frame improvements.
$13.'XX>— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
t-story buildine: rents $132.
$12.5( 1 O — Union St.. near Taylor: 3 modern flats
and rear house; l.'i:3xl2S:S; rents $97.
ISQOO— Ellis st., near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250 — Van Ness ave., near .Pacific ave.; 25x
100; liouso of 12 room*.
$7lX>0— Sacramento St., near Hyde; 35x120;
house of 9 rooms and bath; rent $25.
$6500 — Grove st.. near Central ave.: £5x137:6; 1
new 3-story bay-window Hats; rents $50.
Naton-.a st.. near Tenth — 50x75; three houses;
rents $60; must be sold.
$CCVO— Vallejo St., near Mason: 4S:l};xl37:6,
with an L: 2 Hats and rear hous?: rents $64.
t6'K<'— Folsom at., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
tents $46. '
ti<5!<>_<_;reen st.. near Dupont; I6:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $.'^5.
$42:0— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
cottage.
}vJ7iO — Ellis St., near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
»2Mt) — Central ave., nep.r Hayes St.; store and
4 icorr.s and bath: 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Corner Hayes and Lyon sis.
SMO«J— Corner Guerrero ar.d Fourteenth, 6?x93.
ISU)Q — corner ltryant and Twenty-second sta. ;
SSzKO: will subdivide.
$3iO0— Fulton, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
$ii'u— Lasuna *t., near Page: 20x100.
$27JO each— Pest s=t.. near Uevlsadero; 2 lots.
30x90— W. lin-j of Mission. S. of Army; 3 lots.
$2250— McAllister St., near Lyon; 2oxloy.
$17.»— Corner Castro anil Alvarado; 26:6x105.
f 1500— Butter st., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
I1.-.4.0— Union St., near Pierce: 25:2x100.
2tWxl2:— NW. ccr. l-'ouniain and 25th sts.
HOMES TOR YOUR RENT MONEY
AND
HOMES THAT WILL SUIT YOU. !
If you are looking f<^r a home (and most rent- ;
payers are), here's a preposition:
You can so'.c-ct one of our lots and we will
bulUl ycu t home just rs you want It and ac-
cording to your own plans.
You can pay for it monthly with the same rent
money that you now pay to the landlord.
£0 lots to choope from, and every lot desirable
to build on. Take Ulsaioo-st. cars, transfer
at Twenty-second St., ride to Hoffman ave.,
ask for M. Cotter, resident agent, or OSCAR
HEYMAN. 11 Pest st.
THE CHEAPEST LITTLE HOUSE IN TOWN.
$12 50 a month buys a brand-new 4-room and
bath cottage, half block from Mission St.;
Ftrtet work done; panitary plumbing.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
JUO EACH, $5 monthly; level building lots,
near Crescent ave. and Mission st.
$250— Lot graded anrf sewered, near Mission
and Thirtieth sts.; !"> monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Tost St.
ONLY i" CO a month buys a fine 4-room and
bath cottare r.ni 2 lots near Fruitvale; it is a
barsain. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post et.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON,
323 Montgomery st.
$2,500— SE. ccr. Larkln anrt filbert: 41x62; fine
site for home or flats; very cheap.
$5,500— Lot SW. cor. Grove and Devisad^o;
34x110: on main drive to Park.
$3.250— Let W. line Devisadero. B of Grove;
2GxllO; adjoining p.bove lot.
$2.7:0— Let S. line Grove, W. of Devisadero;
27x112; on main drive to Park.
$;,0C0— Lot SE. cor. Vermont and Solano; lOOx
110; near electric cars; a bargain.
$12,500 — IXiuble house; corner facing l'ark; mod-
ern 9 end 10 rooms; all look south; fine
for investment or home.
$18,000— Business property; Fillmore, near Cali-
fornia: rents $H50 per annum; never va-
cant.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
COFFEY. HUGHES & HERBST,
630 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
$6,V) per foot: block from Market and I'ow-
eli st?. : 51 feet front; must Mil; make ofTer.
$10.COO— Corner lot on Mason St., with L; 3
houses; 3 flats; rents $S5.
S5C0C — Frederick st-, near park; 2 flats: 5 and
6 rooms and bath, with stable; rents $15.
$3300— Clay ?t.; fine location; house, S rooms
end bath: must be sold; make offer.
J37T.0 — <leary St.. near Stelner; house, 6 rooms
an<1 bath: bargain; make ofTer.
J2;00— Lrxlngton ave. ; hi block from Valencia
and 20th sts. ; 2 flats; 6 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $24: fine buy. .
jl'jOO — Perrv St.. near 5th: 2 flats; rents $22.
$3*30— Post-st. lot: near Octavia St.; 25x137:6.
$12.')0— Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x100.
J53OO— TWO elegant flats. Clayton, st., near
Frederick; these flats are rlnht up to date and
can be boucht on easy terms.
$3C00— House of 8 rooms; lot 25x137:6; Eddy
st near Scott; one-fourth cash.
$'«; 000— Corner on Geary st., not far from
Kearny: EO-foot front. JEROME ENGLISH.
11 Montgomery at.
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS.
%'J) cash; $10 per month; interest at 7 per cent;
CIem«-nt St., Fourteenth. Fifteenth and Point
Loncs aves.; 2"xl27:6; facing the new pan-
handle from the Park to the Presidio. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
I7rx» MUST be sol.l at once: owner going to
Nome; 25:6x114; 22fl St.. near Dolores; street
sewrcd and graded and ready for building;
Kood location fcr flats and near car line and
in line of cood Improvements; part cash, if
necessary. Apply owner, S. H. SMITH, 207
Montgomery Et. '
«\NTA FE. SANTA FE.
' TERMINUS SANTA FE RAILROAD.
Notice Is hereby given that the price of cor-
ners will be increased. July IS. from $175 to $200.
A limited number of level graded inside lots
at JICO; $10 cash. $3 monthly.
McEWEN 1JR0S.. US Montgomery st.
SACRIFICE!'. To close an estate: for sale,
house and lot; pood neighborhood; must be
sold- situate on Larkin Bt.. near Filbert; sac-
riflcn price ti&Q. For further particulars ap-
ply room 603, Examiner building.
FOR sole very cheap— 5-room cottage; large
lot' street work complete; easy terms: see
owner en premises to-day, 21S Ellsworth st.,
near Cortland ave., 10 to 3. or apply 78 Bernal
ave.. opp Twenty-sixth and Howard sts.
NO agents— Park flats; 752 Clayton st., near
Frederick; G and 7 rooms; parlors beautifully
frescoed and all modern improvements; own-
er on premises to-day.
BARGAINS, beauties; only two left; one 6-room
and one fc-room; houses built on entirely new
piann; up-to-date: well built; superbly lo-
cated on Ashbury Helehts: lots 26x101; see
them and *et our prices if you are looking for
a home; Clayton St., near Frederick; Sixth,
Taylor and Eddy-st. blue cars pass the door.
J. STIERLEN. Owner, and Builder, on
premises^ -
FOR sale or rent— Very cheap; cottage. lot 25x
100; IS Hattle St.. bet. 17th and 18th; entrance
for h/rse and wagon; stg-n on house. W. J.
HERRIN. 321 Pine at.
~ ¦ ' $1600. ~ . '
WALLER st. building lot, 23x100 feet: near the
Park; this is a barg-aln. O. r H. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery st. -
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
TO HIGHEST BIDDeIT t pR^ ATE
ELEGANT LEVEL LOTS.
MARINE VIEW-HYDE-ST CARS.'
AT YOUR OWN TERMS.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$500-: REDUCED FROM J1250
Threeflne level lots; street bitumen; cars
pass; Mission warm. belt.
SNAP.
$£50— Cheapest lot In the Mission, near Noe
and twenty-fifth sts.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCES. „
$7,500— Washington St.. near Larkin; large resi-
dence ot 16 rooms; lot lOxl^ feet; alone
worth the price asked. MUdT BE SOLD.
?S,C0O— FORCED SALE: reduced from $12,000;
Jones st.. bet. Sacramento and Clay;
lot 27:6x120 feet; 9 rooms and bath.
$11,000— Bush st., near Taylor; large house, 10
rooms and bath;. also rear house; double
frontage.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$7,2C0— One-halt block from Market and Fifth
sts.; double frontage; good lmpruve-
ments; all rented.
PAYS 15 P^ER CENT.
$5,500 — Make offer; 6 flats of 4 and 7 rooms;
rents $72 per month; lot COxia fact; near
Sixth and Folsom ets.
MISSION COTTAGES.
$4,000— Bank mortgage of $300 can remain; two
nice cottages of a rooms and bath each;
Al condition; larce lot, 5tixl22 leet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
MAD1&ON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
B2«i Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 185S.
Post, near Jones; great future; lot 26::xlJ7:«;
t-old to close an estate.
jl7 t OCO Fulton st., between Polk st. and Van
Neas ave.; lot oOxHO to Ash ave. .
$6500— Capp st.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
Hats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
$6500— Laundry: w ell leased; Lombard st.,
near Flllmore. 68:9x137:6.
Elegant residence Just finished; Masonic ave.,
near Frederick Bt. ; grand view of botji. ocean
and bay: 8 rooms, bath, attic, etc.; electric
wires, gas grates and sun In every room; price
only JGOOO.
California St., adjoining corner Polk; lot EOx
17:6; must be sold to close estate.
JSCOO— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $37;
lot 20:6x120 to Locust ave.
$SCCO— Harrison st.. near 10th: fiats; rents $50;
only partially Improved; 75x100.
j;COO— Baker St., near Eacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300— Bryant st.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xS0.
$4250— Octavia et., near Haight; an elegant
lot lor modern Hats: 37:£xlG0.
$3SC0— Greenwich st.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:3x100.
$1500 — Day st., near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
/ 626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN
OF PROPERTY.
624 MARKET ST.
$20.000— Broadway, north side, near Baker St.;
lot 77:6x137:6 feet; grand, unobstructed
marine view.
$11,500— Business property on First st., a few
feet from Mission; it improved have re-
sponsible tenant who will take 5 years'
lease.
Broadway, north side, near Octavla st.;
house of 9 rooms and bath: large lot.
$7,00^-Slx substantial flats, 4. 5 and 6 rooms
and lot 40x73 feet; Silver st.; rents $S0
per month.
$6,700— Larkin st., near Pine; house of 3 flats;
rents $S5; a good buy.
$5,750— Fine business corner in Mission; sub-
stantial building. 4 years old; store, flat
ar.d stable; rents $J5; good business es-
tablished hero; a snap.
$3,500— NE. corner on Sacramento st-. Presidio
Heights District; lot 37:6xl/» feet; stone
sidewalk and street bitumtnlzed.
For further particulars and list apply at the
office of BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG. 624 Mar-
ket st.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
New 6-room and bath cottage on Hoffman
ave.. near Elizabeth; Heyman Tract; call to- ;
morrow for inspection; «ne location: key at
James Cotter's. Hon*man ave. JACOB HEY-
MAN. Owner and Builder. 117 Sutter st.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and lot. 50x125: Alvin Tract.
Klmhurst station; on $5 monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$100 LOTS for sale in Alvln Tract; 25c weekly
' installments. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter. I
$€50 — HOUSE and lot on ocean beach and 47th j
ave. and I st. ; on easy terms. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 117 Sutter et.
PARK lots for gale on reasonable terms: near
ocean beach (Carville). JACOB HEYMAN, :
117 Sutter «t. I
$SCO — LOT 25x70: opposite terminus of Valencia
i>t.; homo built on It if desired. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 117 Sutter Ft.
$12 50 PER month will buy a new 4-room
house on Roscoe st.. near Crescent ave. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter Ft.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO..
207 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
I $1,250— Cheapest let In the Mission: 61x114; 22d
St., near Dolores; near car line; graded
and sewered; ready for building; murt-
I- • irage $SCO.
$SCO— To close an estate: 26x114: 2Sth st., nr.
Guerrero: near transfer point; graded
ami Fewered; must be scld.
$3,500 — 27:6xH0; new flats; 5 and 6 rooms and
b«th; ISth St., nr. Church; street ac-
repted; always rented; ownefleaving
State.
$25,000-67:6x137:6; Sutter St.. nr. Larkin; 5
houses: rents $20CO per annum: always
rented; elegant location for flats; to
close an estate.
J7.5CO — Manufacturing center; 40xS0; 2 good
hcunen; rents $45 per month; always
rented: Natoma Ft., nr 1st.
?S,CO0 — Near Sutter and Jonea fcts.: 3 flats of 4.
& and 5 rooms and bath; rents $7Oi per
annum.
$1,750— 25x100: Folsom and 14th sts.; business
property: streets accepted.
FIDELITY REAL- ESTATE CO..
207 Montgomery st.
_________ ., -__„
Real Estate Agent. 13S Montgomery st.
S20.C0O — Want an offer: corner on Turk St.: 3
Mores, 6 flats; rents $177 per month; well lo-
cated.
$15,000 — Corner on Page St.; 4 new modern
Hats; renta J117 50.
$13,0CQ— Runts $100 per month; 3 new modern
Mats; E1U* st.
$22,500— Rents $200 per month: Sixth st. busi-
ness property; mortgage $10,000; must sell.
$1350 — Nice cottage 5 rocms and bath; lot 25x
75; one block from Mission st.
J12D0— Near Market and Noe st«.; cottage, 1
rooms; lot 25xC8:8; stone walk; street bltumln-
lzed.
$45CO— Must be sold; mortgage of $2000 can re-
main; Clay st., nr. Larkin; double house, 3
rooms and bath each; rents $45 per month; lot
37:6x71.
I have a number of choice residences: also
other Investments In different parts of the
city; cet my list.
A SELECTED list of some exceedingly cheap
and well-located lots.
Vallejo st.. south side, bet. Baker and Lyon;
51:6xl37:S; above the grade: close to the Pre-
sidio; can bs bought for about what it is assess-
ed at; examine and submit offer: this <s a
lovely and sitely lot; the marine view Is like a
panorama.
Cheapest corner In Richmond; NE. ' cor. of
Point Lobes and 11th aves.; 32:6x100; only $1500;
this lot cost $4500; a grocer stands ready to take
a lease if a one-story- building is erected «.
Two lots. 25x120. on 11th ave., near Clement
Et.; only $1300 for both. W. J: GUNN,
530 California st.
BARGAIN — For sale; a snap in good tenement
property; situate near Eleventh and Howard
sts. ; 5 tenants; rents $45 per month; price
• J36C0; must be sold; owner going- away. For
further Information apply room 603, Examiner
building-.
FOR SALE— A cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
very cheap on installments. 46 Prospect ave.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery at.
Make offers-Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; SOxlli feet.
tlCOO— North line Carl at... near Stanyan; 2Sx
137:6 feet.
" ~~~ $2250. ..V
BUSINESS corner on California st. : 32:6x100
feet. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A RESIDENCE on Harrison st., near broad-
g-nuge. Oakland; $2000. Address Box 1953, Call..
$5300 — MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller St., near Pierce. . 1 block . from
Haight-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3 . wood mantels, hard-fln-
iahed basement, etc. ; terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; 1 plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL, 1147 Mission st
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
LTON A HOAQ,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$7,15*— Rent $S3; an excellent Investment at the
Mission: four flats and 5 houses; bljr
lot, 65x115 to rear street; houses In fine
condition; modern plumbing; best bar-
sain offered.
$3,250— Uood cottage on Buchanan st : con-
tains 7 rooms, etc. near Pace St.; big-
gest kind of a barealn.
FINE INVESTMENT.
$16,600— Rent $135; choice corner Investment In
Western Addition, not far from town:
with changes in buildings would pay
even larger income; large corner lot.
has a total frontage of over 190 feet;
streets accepted; buildings good; store,
flats, etc.
A BUSINESS PROPERTY
AT GREAT BARGAIN
$3,750 — All rented fcr $33; splendid business
property in Western Addition: good
buildings; steady tenants; bound to In-
crease In value: large lot; offer wanted;
this is* a big bargain.
LTON & HOAG,
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
SIGHTLY marine corner, €2:6x137:6. THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
KKAI, ESTATE COl'XTRY For Sale
ATTENTION, HOME-SEEKERS!
We are subdividing cne of the finest pieces of
orchard land in the famous Santa Clara Valley,
known as the San Martin ranch, 74 miles from
i-an Francisco, on the main line; 2 trains dally;
railroad station on the place; town of San Mar-
tin iiart of the property with Its $5CC0 nchool-
houne; surrounded by beautiful orchard homes;
will seli In tracts to suit upon payment of 25
per cent down, balance at 6 per cent net; will
refund fare to buyer; map9 and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the R. R.
Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday for $2 50
for round trip; car3 leave Third and Townsend
tls. at 9 a. m., back In city at 4:10 p. m., giving
2 hours on ranch; free carriage; our Mr. Bush
will accompany Intending buyers each Sunday;
tickets good from Saturday to Monday. $3.
DAVID Bl'SH^- SON, 14 Post st.
PLACER COUNTY.
$4000—160 acres 3 miles NW. from Colfax. Just
over the line In Nevada County, on Bear River;
fenced and cross-fenced with 3 miles wire
netting; 30 acres orchard; 15 acres in walnuts
hearing next year: balance In peaches, pears
and apples (bearing); 10 acres grain land, bal-
ance wooded pasture; plenty oak timber never
been cut; house of 4 rooms, celled, 3-ftory
barn, 50x50, and other outbuildings; good water;
living spring piped to house and barn; all roll-
ing land, but easily cultivated; stock, tools
and machinery, horses, cow, poultry, etc. go
with place; price $40)0.
PALERMO, BUTTE COUNTY.
Twelve acres close to depot: 10 acres In
oranges (navel), plums and peaches and row of
olives and walnuts on three sides; nice cottage
of 4 rooms; 100 feet of fine porches and etacle;
all nicely Improved with flowers and shrubbery:
water from company's ditch and well; fare
Friday to Tuesday, $6 50; price. $3CCo.
TULARE COUNTY.
Six hundred and forty acres 30 miles SE. of
Portervllle; section 27, township 24, range Zl :
E., all fenced and cross-fenced; hog-tight; ICO
acres grain land; nice orchard and vineyard;
balance stock range nicely timbered and water-
ed; water piped to hou?e and troughs with
water from springs; house of 6 rooms, papered,
with cellar; barn, smokehouse and poultry
yards; plenty of Government range on arfjoin-
Ing land nnd Government reserve; includes all
implements: price $4>>X>; no stock been pas-
tured on this place in the past 4 years.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 1» Post St.
A— LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN—
A magnificent ranch and paying ferry, situat-
ed within the school district of the growing city
of Redding. Shasta County; consists of »Vi acres
of fruit, grain, alfalfa, pasture and wood land;
"0 acres In bearinsr orchard; 5 acres In vine-
yard, 2C0 acres In grain, with large crop; com-
fortable dwelling, large barn: also a fully
equipped ferry and ferry franchise which pays
interest pn the entire investment; this ranch
would subdivide beautifully into one of the most
promising money-making places In the State; j
can be purchased on easy terms and at a great 1
bargain; maps and photos with full particulars I
of DAVID BUSH & SON, 14 Post st. |
SUMMER RESORT PLACE.
For sale or exchange, the place known as
Tocaloma. Mai in County, N. P. C. R. R. stn- j
tlon on the place: hotel of 40 rooms and cot- j
tages completely furnished and equipped; gas \
and water; bar and billiard room: doing a good
i business: open all the y»ar; price on appllca-
I tlon. DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post st.
$900— 16S ACP.ES. Lake Co. : hous; 5 rooms.
j bnrn: 400 fruit tree?, 5 living springs; on
I county road.
52tTiij — 26} acres stock ranch. Calaveras Co.:
7-room house, barn and outbuildtngs; plenty
of water: 100 acres tillable: IH, miles from
R. R. ; offer wanted. C. F. MOORE. 935 Mar-
ket st., room 6. *
A PRINTED UsTl M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market;
city and country property sold and exchanged.
HOUSE, brn, water, orchard; nr. school; cheap;
14 acres. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market st.
IF j-ou want a genuine barsain see this fine
stock farm: 600 acres: near R. R. town: Z5
miles from this city; price about cos.t of im-
provements for quick sale to close an estate;
photographs and full particulars this offlce.
H. H.' CRANE, 5CS California st.
TO LET, furnished on unfurnished, a beautiful
vountry residence of S rooms ar.d every con-
venience; rent von' moderate. Apply Station-
master, San Anselmo.
! $2350— REDUCED: 3 acres near San Jose; all or-
i chard; house, well, etc. SPARROW, 3 Geary.
— — — • 1 — — — — — __^_^_
ROSS Valley house, ten rooms and outhouses,
large grounds with shade trees, near station:
sale or rent; also acreage tracts, wooded, $2C0
$300 an acre. JAMES TUNSTEAD, San An-
s"lmo.
I MARIN CO.. 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $30 per
: aore; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water tran5lt; cood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2, 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
$3 ACRES choice orange and grain land; title
perfect: taxes 1?CO paid: reservoir on land;
price $300. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Mar-
ket St.
170 ACRES. 40 valley, balance rolling: good
fruit and vegetable land: easy terms; Pet
Valley. I'kiah. 3276 Twenty-third st.
FOR sale or rent, at Mill Valley, two 5-room
cottage?: modern Improvements: fruit trees
and vines of every variety. Address J.
ADAMS. Corte Madera. Cal.
: ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
1 3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. Mere than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SICKELS. th<? land asent. 6 Geary.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide ball,
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; hot and cold water;
Kas and telephone: new house: fine view;
healthy location: in a small, private family;
no children wanted; rent reasonable. 42C1
Twentieth ft, near Castro.
BRYANT, SIS — I sunny housekeeping rooms. In
rear; rent f&.
CA L1FORNIA. S32. near Powell— Handsomely
furnished; gas stove; light housekeeping;
running water; reasonable. v
DOLORES, 3S2— 3 or 4 rooms furnished for
housekeeping; nice cook stove; $S.
EDDY. 207— Nicely furnished large front rooms;
: light housekeeping allowed; gas, bath; quiet.
ELLIS, 61S— 3 cunny front rooms; gas; stove;
closets; moderate.
FIFTH. 30>— A *ulte of connecting- housekeeping
rcoms; also other rooms, first door.
FILMORE, 2212, near Clay— $.10; 3 large, sunny,
unfurnished rooms: nice yard and water.
GEARY. 384 — Sunny front room; one back room;
light housekeeping. .,
HOWARD, 1061—2 connecting, completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; running water;
also others.
HYDE, 410— Sunpy suite, complete for house-
keeping:; also basement suite, JIG.
HYDE. lOOO 1^ — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HYDE, 1S31— 3 sunny connecting rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping; 2 beds, coal stove; $15.
IVY AVE.. 223 — 1 or 2 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent very reasonable.
JACKSON, 924—2, 3 or 4 large . sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; water free; $7
to $14; private family.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room; neatly
furnished; 1 or I persons; housekeeping if de-
slred; $7 50. __^
LARKIN. 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; light housekpg; small rms., $4.
MISSION. 122L near new Pcstofflce— Nicely fur-
nished sunny connecting housekeeping rooms.
OAK 31. one block north Market and Van
Nessi ave.— Large front room neatly furnished
for light housekeeping; stove; gas; running
water. t • '
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow room, mantel and gas; suitable. for two
persons; $10.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished rooms, com-
. plete for housekeeping; $12 to $25.
SEVENTEENTH, 3570, near Guerrero— 3 or 4
furnished room; front and. back parlor.
SHIPLEY. 197. oft Klfth— Furnished rooms for
light housekeeping: suitable for 2 gentlemen.
SIXTH, 136-Front and back parlors; suitable
for office; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 1S4 — Two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 478. nr. Slxth-3 rooms, complete for
housekepins; $12., . ¦ .
THIRTEENTH. S21H, bet. Mission and Valen-
cla— Large sunny furnished room;- private
family.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKE&PIXG.
THIRTEENTH. 329. nr. Valencia.— 1 large front
room, complete fox- housekeeping; rent ST.
TURK, 543— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping, $10; also single. $3.
TURK. 717 — 2 unfurnished rooms and kitchen,
with stove.
VALENCIA. 191-A suite of beautifully fur-
nlshed front rooms, newly papered and paint-
ed, with bath, etc.. rent $10.
WEBSTER. 1613, nr. Sutter— 2 furnished rooms;
private family; use of kitchen if. desired.
4 SMALC unfurn. rooms: $2 50 each: located
Fifth and Market. Particulars 342 Kearny at.
A BRANCH office for Cai! advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at Mi Va-
lencia St.
HOO.MS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'ntnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOCSE?~'l« Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 14^ Market st. (old No. 1360-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CALIPORXIA. 832. near Powell— Large sunny
front room; extra desirable; low rent.
EDDY. 473— Two bright, sunny rooms; gas; wa-
ter; nicely furnished; $6 and $7 per month.
EDDY, 614 — Large desirable room for gentle-
man; closet; running water; bath; 'phone;
private family.
ELLIS. 629. cor. Larkln — Sunny front room:
folding bed; Welsbach lights; suitable for two.
FERNDALE. 7 Grant ax-e.— Changed hands;
sunny rooms en suite or single.
FOLSOM. S65, cor, 6th fThe Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rocms. single or suites; reasor.bl.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
GEARY, 441— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission its. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GREEN. 417— Nice large, furnished room; suit-
able for one or two: rent $6.
HARRIET. 57,' between Sixth, Seventh. Howard
and Folsom— Two separate furnished room."
with board In private German family; good
German cocking.
HARRISON. 1C02. cor. Sixth— Nicely furnished
front room; running water; rent reasonable.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9S.\ cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable: by day, week or month.
HOWARD. 1123. bet. Seventh and Eighth— 3
sunny room? in private family; $4 up.
HOWARD. 160?. near Twelfth— Rooms, clean,
new and sunny: references.
LARKIN, 207. The Strathmore— Elegant fur-
nished rooms, with adjoining bath; use of
kitchen If desired; terms reasonable.
MARKET, 1802 — Sunny front rooms; furnished
or unfurnished.
MASON, 219. near cor. O'Farrell— Newly fur-
nished rooms. $8. $> ud Der week: quiet, re-
i spectable; transient. 50c to $1 per day.
MCALLISTER, IOoO— Very sunny front room;
quiet; $6.
MINNA. 2« — Nice sunny, furnished, single
rooms; 7jc per week.
MINNA. 514— Nicely furnished front single and
double rooms; reasonable.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window ror>m, $1 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1013 Market— Nicely furnished
rooms; 3".c a day up: 12 a week up: transient.
I OAK, 31. on* block north Market and Van Ness
'¦ ave. — Elegant corner sunny bay-window room;
every convenience; suitable for two gentle-
men; $11.
' O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
! offices: elevator: electric lights: day, wk., mo.
i POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
| gle; transient: running water; rates reduced.
ROPEDALE House. 319and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
< night. 25c to $'.; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 12S Ellis st.-Ineandegcent
light, reading rocra. smoking room and ladles-
parlor: rooms, per night. 33c to $1 50; week. *2
to $•?; month. $S to $?>; elevator on office floor;
room* with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 649 — Neat furnished rooms;
< private family; $1 and upward.
I SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
j near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
i StTTTER, 1103— Two front rooms and one back
I to let; newly furnished.
i THE OAKS. 113 Third— A good rooming hou*;
for good people. R. HL'OHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subycrlptions
received at Call branch i ffice. 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
post are paid.
UOO.MS AXD DOARD.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior and tab'e. SO" California et.
LAS PALMAS, 1>CO Market et.— Suite of 2 or S
rms.; private; bath; »>in. rms.; board optional.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 3 rooms or small cottage with sta-
ble for one horse and wagon; no children.
Addre«s E. LAMPE, 1210 Keamy st.
i WANTED by a gentleman— Large Turn. b*yy-
! window rm., run. water, grate; bath »a«ne
floor; no board; very reas. Box 1942. Call.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
•re the best; safe, reliable; take no other; :
eend *c fctbaips for particulars. "Relief tor '
Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drc;-
Blsts. Chicbestcr Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum fives !
notice that the following orphan, half-orphan,
abandoned children nnd foundlings have
been rec«;l\?d In the orphanage from Decem-
ber II. 1S99. to June 30. 1300: Mary Ellis-
worth. 7 y*-ars 1 montn: Annetta.s 11 years 3
months, and Mary Coaies. 6 years; Elsie. 10 |
years 4 months, Ethel, 10 years 4 months, and j
LHlie Coleman, 11 years 2 months; Ella. 7 years I
C months and Muriel Dunn, 4 years 6 months: !
Bertha, 7 years and Mabel Slversten. S years I
6 months; Ida Derham, 9 years 8 months: Ida |
Rocca. 5 years 7 months; Margaret SpraclUlng. j
7 years 3 months; Ruth Hurbert. 3 yaars 4 i
months; Maria Cllne, 3 years: Mary. 7 years. ¦
Annie. 4 years, and Margaret Harrigan. 2 y»3r»;
Queenle Denny, 7 years 9 months; Mary St. j
Dennis, 2 years 4 months; Anni<\ 6 years 10 j
months, Francis, 5 years 4 months, and Era- i
ma Kiel. 4 years; Irene. 2 years. Evallne, 9
years, Kate, 4 years, and Margaret Hurley. 8
years; Theresa, 3 years and May Skelley, 8
years; Mary Ryan. 6 years 1 month: Angela I
Anderson. 3 years: Sarah Ulrich. 9 years 3
months: Irene Hughes. 3 years 4 months:
Laura Lane. 7 years S months; Emma Spreck-
les. 10 years 4 months; Alice Manhelm, 9 j
years 6 months; Francis Lyons, 12 years 2 ]
months; Florence Hughes, 5 years 2 months;
Harry Coreman, 7 years M months: John
Keeley. 3 years 2 months; Harry Maddox. £
years 9 months; John Johnson. 7 years; Ches-
ter Roman, 6 years; Geonre Slvertsen, 4
yccrs. 6 months; George Trlbon. 2 years 2
months: Francis Pratlus. 5 years 11 months;
Frank Hunt, 3 years 2 months: Charles Haldt.
2 years 6 months: William McColloujrb, 3
years 9 months; Walter O'Farrell, 1 year 3
months: Louis Monge. 9 years; Harold. 4
years, and Edward Cllne. 2 years 6 months:
William Harrigan. 5 years 6 months: Thomas
Kurran, 3 years o months; Willie. 3 yean 8
months, and Edward Lane, 5 years: Oecr^o
Gonzales. 7 years 3 months; John Ulrich, €
years 1 month; Joseph Havana, 4 jnr>- Wil-
liam Sutt. 3 mrnths: Thomas McLaushiin. 2
j-ears 7 months; Paul Vaudoor, 4 years 11
months.
NOTICE.— Th*? Secretary of the San Francisco I
Protestant Orphan Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half-or-
phan girls and boys have been received at the
asylum, on Halght St.. from January 1. 19C0.
to July 1. 19CO: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. S
mos.: Maggie Green, 15 yrs.: Margaret S.
Alexander, 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Amelia Rasmussen,
7 yrs.: Rose Ra«mus»en. 1 yr. 9 mos.; Mabel
Gorden. 9 yr». 11 mos.; Helen W. Bosch. 3
yrs. 3 roos. ; Florence J. Iiosc h. 3 yrs. 5 mos. •
Vivian Anderson, 7 yrs.: Edna Anderson. i\
yrs. 10 mos.: Rcsie Smith", 3 yrs.; Lilian
Shenk, 11 yrs.; Clara Shenk. 9 yrs.; Estella
Phenk. 5 yrs. : Annie Shenk. 1 yr. 10 mos •
Agnes Kelly, 7 yrs. 6 mos. ; Florence Kelly. 3
yrs. George A. Held. 10 yrs. ; Duncan Mc-
Lean, 7 yra.; Clarence D. Alexander, 9 yrs. 9
mos.: Robert Alexander. 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Carl '
Giecke. 8 yrs. 6 mo?.: Joseph Geary. 3 yrs 10
mos.; Carl Morse. J yrs.: William McK. Gor-
den. 4 yrs.; George E. Bosch. 10 yrs. 2 mos.:
Frank Bosch. 6 yr«. < mos.; Charles Bouch. 2
yrs. 2 mos.: Edward Anderson. 9 yrs. 9 mcs. ; I
Percy Smith. 9 yrs. 1 mo. ; Walter Smith. 3 |
yrs.: Joseph Smith. 5 yrs. 11 mqa:; Laurence'
Davis, 8 yrs. 9 mos. ; Chester Davis, 4 yra. S
mo3.; Philip Kelly, $ >ts. S mos., and John
Primus. 11 yrs. 7 mos.
ROOMS' papered from $3: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st-. rooms 9-10: teL -V.s.i.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page3. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
EEWI5Q MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
anteed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, - - exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 783.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ICO Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1:
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. ~Z2 Mission St.,
tel. Main 1S40 — Packine. moving and storage.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. l\ per year.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SIPPUES.
GREAT BAROAIX3 IX TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. i3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 526 California, telephone Main ISd.
A TYPEWRITE^.~brand new. for fcO. RE-
VALK. 419 California »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.UIED.V REAL ESTATE.
$:250—LOT KxUO; finest location on Central
ave., with good house of 9 rooms.
E. D. JUDI> CO..
1124 Park St., Alameda.
NEW house of 8 rcoms; your own price ar.J
terms; choice location: gooil hous« of S
rooms: $163). J. U. TOL'NO. builder. 12*3
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE,
A SNAP; cottage. 4 rooms: nice garfl-n,
chicken-house, stable; lot 5<>xinO; price $?iX>.
oiily }1C<) cash, balance llrt per month: less
than 2 blocks from station, school, stores.
electric «ara; take Berkeley train, ask, lor
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LTON CO..
BARGAIN; must sell at once; "-room house and
buth: chicken-houses, stable fruit trees, etc.;
curner lot. 4oxl2rt; 2 blocks from station,
sclmol. church, stores and electric cars; prica
H4C0; only $100 cash, balance 115 monthly.
Take Berkeley train, fret off at Lorln Station,
ask for Rl.'DOLPH. PEKKINS & LYON CO.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and pantry: 1 bloc-c
from station and electric cars; price 41300; J10O
cash, balance }12 EO monthly: street worlc
<Jcne. Take Berkeley train. jf?t r-tT at Lortrx
Station, aals for KUDOLPH, PERKINS da
LYON CO.
$12i'^-A SNAP: lot MSCXIOB; less than a blocic
from station; r.o-at cottase. 5 rooms and bath,
high basement; rine grarden; only J3-" 1 ) cash,
balance $10 per month and interest at 7 per
cent. H. D. IKWIN,
Lorin Statioa.
?12."0— Lot iOtXMl 1 block from Ashby Station;
nearly new cottage, containing 4 specially
larire rooms, bath. 2 larpe pcrche«, high base-
ment, etc.; street work done; small cash p*y-
ment; easy installments.
H. D. IKWIN. Lorin Station.
FINEST BUYS IN BERKELEY.
ISXX) — 6-room cottajre: lot 40x130 feet; 5 min-
utes' walk of university; elegrant view of bay.
etc.; lot Inssroveil with choice fruit trees; a
snap; terms to suit.
I3C0O— Klepantly eituate-1 lot, TTxlSo; 1 blocic
nf university; the only one to be had in this
vicinity.
$o«Xt)— New modern 9-room house; corner lot.
adjacent to V. C; the last one left of six;
must be s«n to be auoreeiate.i.
WCP.TS.
1323 Broadway.
I Oakland.
NEW cottaz?, 5 rooms, bath, pantry; city wa-
ter: hot and cnltl; porcelain bath and tiled
sink: brick foundation; latest style: (rood lo-
cation: price J1C0O; only J20O cash, balanca
$17 SO monthly; convenient to station and elec-
tric cars. Take Berkeley train, get oft at
Lorin Station, ask. for RUDOLPH, PERKINS
& LYON CO.
J1CC0 — NEW eottare; 4 large rooms, bath, pan-
try ami hall: large lnt: itreet work complete:
1 block to depot: small cash payment and $12
per month; see this isiace at once and buy
I your home for less than rent. C. C. EMSLIE.
I Ashhy Station.
j JCCOO— SEE these new 5 and « room cottages;
I porcelain baths, tiled sink, fine mantel, sta-
tionary tubs; 1 and S blorks to train and
! electric cars; one at Golden Gate, cne at Ade-
i line, one at Lorin. one at Ashby, one at
[ Dwijrht way. two on Grove et. ; J1CHJ cash; bal-
ance $20 per month, including Interest.
V.'. C. MOP.AN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
! C. C. BEMI3. Real Estate and General Land
j Airent. ST4 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot S7xl50, with modern
I house of 9 rooms.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
15 png<-?. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I FmALEADVERTiSEMOTS
FRl'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
j FOR SALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
j $700 — Cczy cottag? of 3 rooms: chicken hcu»»:
Kcod well and pump; large lDt. ;:xi:.i; partly
1 lencei
i ISiO- Bay-window cottage of 3 r»rna and
: bath; hall, front and back i>or;h, basement.
. etc.: only 3 blocks from local train; easy terms
j li desired.
! llC-CO— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath, stationary
j tt'bu, chicken houses and fruit trees: lot 3Cx
I 1C4: connected with main sewer; o.ily 1 block;
j from Fruitvale ave.
! $1100 — A sacrifice: modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.: lot b'/\1-»7; 1 block
frcm electric cars; must be sold; an (pporti-
nity worth Investigating; $1CO cash; balance
same as rent.
I $1200— Ccttaee of 4 rooms and hi!!: fine ar-
j tesian well, windmill and tank; lot £0x130; all
j fenced; 3 blocks from local train.
: J15Ct> — New cottage of * large rooms and bath.
I hall, marble washstand, stationary tubs: 6-foot
j basement: choice fruit trees in boarlns; lot
i TOx lltJ; alt fenced; located in the best part of
! Fruitvale.
Chicken ranch of 6 acres: In bearing- orchard;
; house of 6 rooma and bath. barn. 2 wells, wlnd-
, mills and tanks, for rent at JCj v»e- month.
Stock ani implements fcr ha!.?, fonaistiag cf
I 50O chickens. 70 ducks. l"0 pigeons, n hives cf
j bees, one large brooder home, it chicken
! houses, horse, harness, wa^on anl bug*y; t>
1 Incubators, etc. For particulars apply to
II. A. PLEITXER, Frultvalo Station, Cal.
FOR SALE BY J. W. ELROd! ~
$375— A 3-room house ; K'> down, $3 10 pes
iccnth. will buy this place; same as rent.
/ fZZO — House of 3 rooms; lot oCxlSO; some fruit
011 place; near school; easy terms if. desired;
see this place.
$47^— 3-room hard-finished house; well and
pump: nice flower garden; near school and
I railroad station.
$10iO— A 4-room hard-finished house: well and
pump: n«gr station: lot SftxloO; $50 down; bol-
' ance $lt per month; same as tent.
I S125O— A 5-room house; windmill and tank;
I bearing fruit and berrie*: fine flower grarden;
I good neighborhood, lot 7.">xl25.
; $1200— A 7-room house: 2 blocks from electrio
\ cars; lot 40x135; good barn; this is a modern
; house.
; $2000 — Hou.-»e r.t 6 rooms: S> different kinds of
; bearing fruit; all kinds of berries; fine flower
i garden: 2 blocks from upper Fruitvale school;
lot 100x150.
Don't fail to see the choice building lots t. 3
and 3 short blocks from local station; city
water and sewered; if you want to buy a lot
don't fail to see these; only cnea now on the
market; near station.
For rent — i acres of land: all In bearine
j fruit; a 5-room house; city water: near upper
i Fruitvale school; rent $M per month.
! Send for full printed list of houses, lots and
small fruit farms for sale by
J. W. ELROD.
Fruitvale Station.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
51 LOTS SOLD IN' 67 HAYS.
51 LOTS SOLD I>; 67 DATS.
20 Houses Built or in Course of Construction.
20 Hou3ea Built or in Course of Construction.
Only 15 Choice FOREST PARK Lots Left.
162 Feet Above Sea Level, Fine Climate.
Splendid View. Trees. Shrubbery, etc.
$IP0 cash, balance easy terms^ — Orchard; nle-*
shade trees: new and modern; elegant location.
$100— Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
J35O— tcO down, balance about $4 per month;
three rooms; n«w; sv.»l lot; fine view; healthy
location.
$7:0-: Lot 75x173; 2 rooms; new.
$.H»— Another one: 4 rooms: city water.
j'OO — JICO down, balance like rent: large lot:
sewer; city water; close to cars and station;
3 rooms: h:^h basement: new.
JIOOO— $100 down, balance same as rent; 4
rooms: complete; new.
Lots of Others at Various Prices.
Easy Terms on Everything "We Have to Sell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME mil.DING COMPANY.
Fruitvale office, half a block above Frultvala
Station.
LOTS $123. THE PEERING TRACT. LOTS fI23
FliUlTVALE AXD SAN LEANDRO ROAD
TRACT.
10V LOTS SOLD 100 LOTS SOLD.
J2C0 cash, balance like rent, will buy a na»
home In either of tlrese tracts: don't delay In
buying one or more of these lots: no such bar-
•galns ever offered b«fore In Fruitvale; S the
price of adjoining prop«rty: buy at once; terms
to suit you; title perfect. See
H. W. DAVIS. Real Estate.
Frultval** ave.. 1 block from station; no other
agents.
$4<XJ— 4-UOOM house; city water; lot 40x132;
chicken house; two blocks from street car.
j7ro— 5-roo:n ccttace: let 41\13O.
jlOCO— 6-mora cottage: chicken house: lot 130
xl-to; corner-
Grain, fruit and stock ranches for sale and
e * Ch R n *n. MOTT & CO., 20 Post ,t. 3. F.
FRL'ITV ALE— Large lots. 50x145. $10O and up:
nne soil: near cars and school: best time f>
select them now; district rapidly growing;
terms to suit. C. SEITZ^ 1107 23d ave.. Oak-
land.
TO LET— On High at.. Kruitvale. 30 acres of
land, with house and large barn; good water.
Apply ADOLPH UNGEP.. 322 Montgomery st.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See rage 33.Friends of the Forest.
Tho anniversary celebration by the
members of Pioneer Lodge was a very
delightful affair. There was In celebration
of the anniversary a choici banquet that
was enjoyed by about sixty members.
Aficr the repast there was an hour of
si'«?echmaklng and responses to toasts.
Harmony Lodge will give a party on the
isntht of the 10th of August.
Mizpah Lodge had a pleasant party In
tho Mission Opera-hou3e ia3t Thursday
night. As usual there was a i?ood attend
ance and all who were In the lull were
tlelightfully entertained.
America and Mizpah LiOdjjo have con
cluded all arrangements for i.he -joint plc
nic in the Germania Gardens on tho 59th
inst
¦ -
Native Daughters.
Miss Lilly O. Relchling, the founder of
the order of Native Daughters of the
Golden "West, has returned to this city,
she and the party she was with not being
permitted to land in Chinese ports which
they intended to visit.
Golden State Parlor will install its offi
cers on the night of the ISth inst.
Grand Secretary Miss Frakes has ad
dressed a communication to all the par
lors requesting information as to what
each proposes to do In the matter of. the
Admission day celebration.
The National Union.
The entertainment that was given In Na
tive Sons' Hall by the National Union So
cial and Literary Club, under. the patron
age of the San Francisco Cabinet, was
well attended and was a most enjoyable
affair. Considering that this is the time
when many people are out of the city on
vacation It speaks well for the popularity
of the entertainments given by this club
to find so large a number, of people present
aa there were in tho hall on Wednesday
night.
The reports frcm the several local coun
cils are still very encouraging; and all are
more or less busy Initiating candidates. -
At the session of the senate of the order
an effort will be made to establish a re
uerv© fund, y
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 14— Stmr State of
California, hence July 12; stmr Despatch, from
Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 14— Schr Re
porter, from San Pedro.
OLYMPIA-Sailed July 14-Bktn Northwest.
for San»Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULI^Sailed July 13— Br ship Helensburgh,
for San Francisco.
PORT PIR1K— Arrived July tt-Schr Golden
Shore, from Port Ludlow.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 29— Schr Co
lumbia, for Mahukona.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK-Salled July 14— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, for Hamburg; Btmr Mcsaba, for Lon
don: stmr Statendam, for Rotterdam; stmr As
toria, for Glasgow; stmr Campania, for Liver
pool.
COPEN'HAGEX-Arrlved July 14-Stmr Ken
tuckv, from New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 14— Stmr Algoa,
from Ban Francisco, via Yokohama: Btmr Hong
kong Maru. from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Yokohama.
LONDON— Sailed July 14— Stmr Europla, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 14— Stmr Etrurla,
from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed July 14— Stmr Lucanla. for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 14-Stmr St Louis,
for New York; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for New
I York.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 14— Stmr Western
land, *or New York.
HAVRE— Sailed July 14— Stmr La Champagne,
for New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Thirty-Nine.
Order of Eastern Star.
The Odd Fellows.
There were a large number of members
of the order who took advantage of the
invitation extended by Unity Chapter to
bo present at its first session In Its new
quarters in Alcatraz Hall, West Oakland,
last week.* The grand patron, grand sec
retary, grand conductor and assistant
grand conductor. Worthy Matron Mrs.
Carter of Harmony Chapter. W orthy Ma
tron Mrs. HickTe of Mission Chapter.
Worthy Patron Sanborn of Berkeley
Chapter and visitors from Oak Leaf and
Oakland chapters were among the many
present to inspect the beautiful new
fodgeroom. Six strangers were elected to
become members of the chapter, ana
after the work of the evening there was
an excellent supper. . „„
The grand patron, the grand matron
and the grand secretary paid a visit last
week to Silver Star Cnapter of vallejo
The grand patron and grand matron nlled
the chairs of patron and 1""™"°;.^
chapter respectively and initiated three
candidates. .
The work of preparing for a new chap
ter in this city is still going and it Is
probable that it will be instituted jvith
more than seventy charter me mbers.
Reports from all the local chapters
show that each is working for the ad
vancement of the order and adding at
almost every meeting to the membership
r °Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. a 4 Prominent
member of Beulah Chapter, has been in
itiated into Crescent Court of the ue^ree
of the Amaranth. _ irran-
Beulah Chapter, in South San * ran
Cisco, had a pleasant meeting
day night, there being present many vis
ltors. After the meeting tner^i JJi^i
hour of entertainment and a collation.
There was an unusual event in Cosmo
politan Lodge last week and that was tne
presentation, after the ceremony ot in
stallation, of a handsome past grand s re
galia to Thomas P. Jarvis the retiring
noble grand, in recognition of his extraor
dinary zeal for the order and the lodge In
particular during two successive terms
that he filled the chair of n° t Vi« ..flf"' 1 -
Mr. Jarvis has been a close attendant on
the lodge, a faithful officer and one who
has done much to increase Its member
ship. During the term, which closed a
few days since, the membership *as in
creased by the admission of nineteen
members by initiation and one by card.
The presentation was an unusual eve nt
for this lodge has not been in the habit of
recognizing the services of its o fflce "v. fl
Grand Patriarch Foster announces the
following visitations: July 28 to Golden
Gate Encampment. San *J ancisco - ™.«:^
Coast Encampment. Mendocino, August
2; Redwood Encampment, l'ort isragg,
August 4: Arena Encampment Point
Arena, August 6; Golden West Encamp
ment, Colusa. August 9; Myrtle Encamp
ment. Ferndale, August 14; Zion Encamp
ment. Eureka. August 1C; Hydesville En
campment. Hydesville. August 17, and
Friendship Encampment at Rohnerville,
T^e S sem'i-annual election of the officers
of the San Francisco Relief Board will be
held in this city on August 5. The relief
boards of Sacramento. Stockton and San
Jose have been invited to attend the
meeting. The members of these boards
will be in this city on the night of the 4th
when they will be entertained in Memorial
Hall at a reception to be tendered them
and members of Rebekah lodges will serve
a collation.
The Elks.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The members of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3 are very much elated that John O.
Rels, one of its members, was at the ses
sion of the Grand Lodge unanimously
elected grand esteemed leading knight.
Reis Is a good fellow, held In
high esteem by all who know him,
and when he returns the members of the
lodge will give him a rousing reception.
Preparations to that end are already un
der way. H. S. Manning of this lodge,
who went to Atlantic City to attend the
Grand Lodge session, will return on or
about the 31st inst. Edward Donnison, a
baby elk of the lodse, has presented to It
a beautiful mounted elk, the finest speci
men ever seen in this city. This has been
placed in a prominent position in the lodge
room. At the meeting of this lodge last
Friday night four applications were re
ceived and six candidates were initiated.
But three life memberships in the lodge
are left unsold and there are twelve ap
plications for these. It has been decided
to draw lots. The ladies* night of the
lodge will be In September.
The prize of $125 was awarded to Oak
land Lodge for the best display In the
parade at San Jose on the Fourth of July.
The eighty-five members who paraded
wore handsome uniforms and made a
splendid appearance during the march.
Applications to join the lodge in San
Jose are coming in so fast that Secretary
Kooser Is having a hard time keeping even
with his work. The Elks of the Garden
City have gained an enviable reputation
for the able handling of the Fourth of
July celebration. So well did they do that
the city offlclalS~Tlnd the citizens are al
ready talking of turning the celebration
next year over.to the best people on earth.
H.'G. H "Wray. former secretary of this
lodge, has located permanently in Capl-
Fifty of the young Elks of Vallejo
turned out in the Fourth or July parade
in that city. At the last held meeting of
the lodge there were three applications
and live initiations. ; ¦
Charter lists will shortly be placed in
the hands of Deputy Gray to start lodges
in Salinas nnd Santa Rosa.
At i-aketatield the lodge now has a mem
bership of sixty. At the last held meeting
there were three initiations and five ap
plications.
The lodge In Los Angeles will give an
Elks' social at the close of this month.
George C. Goldsmith has returned from
his vacation and is again In the harness
working for the lodge's prosperity.
From the reports presented at the recent
session of the Grand Lodge session at At
lantic City it appears that there are now
C01 lodges in the order, with an aggregate
membership of 70.000, fifteen of which are
in California, six having been instituted
during the year just passed. The ten
lodges of the order at the close of the Elk
rear with the membership of each, was
as follow*: New York. 890: Grand Rapids.
774; Detroit, 77:?: Louisville. 676; Baltimore,
€61; Jackson, Mich., 646; Minneapolis, 638;
Cincinnati. 632; Allegheny, 593. and Chi
cago, 559. The membership doubled in the
past year, embracing the best class of
people. The amount expended for chajity
last year was $'.4,000, and the total expend
ed for that purpose since the organization
of the first lodge is $505,000. . The value of
property owned by the lodges in excess of
cash Is in the aggregate $1,300,000.
Pacific Lodge at Its last held meeting
initiated a number of candidates and af
terward installed 'the officers for the cur
rent term. "With the aid of Special Dep
uty C. T. "Wells this lodge has added
many to its roll and it notv has passed the
300 mark with prospects of adding twenty
more. The drill team has been kept busy
for the past six weeks initiating candi
dates at every meeting. Preparations for
a banquet to the team and friends aro
now under way.
District Deputy E. W. Marston has re
turned from the East and is busy install
ing the officers of the lodges in his dis
trict. '
One of the preatest events of the year
In fraternal circles will- be the annlver
sm-y of the Ancient Order of United
"Workmen, which falls on the 21st of Au
gust. The lodges of Alameda County are
already making' arrangements for the
event. There will be a reunion and family
picnic at Shell Mound during the day and
at night there will be an open meeting in
one of the large halls In Oakland. The
lodges In the county number twenty
seven, with an aggregate membership of
2000. Those in charge propose to make it
a grand success. . .
Past Grand Master Barnes, who went
East to attend th? Supreme Lodge ses
sion, after the close of the session went
to Meadeville. Pa., where "Father" Up
church founded the order. "When he an
nounced that it was his intention to visit
that place there was a call for a meet
ing to be held in the exposition building
at Covenant Lake under the auspices of
all the lodges in the vicinity on the night
of the 7th Inst. - . ¦
After the installation of the officers of
Magnolia Lodge last week C. S. Hoffman,
for many years .the financier of the lodge,
was presented, a beautiful diamond » ring
in appreciation of his service during tha
many yearB that he has filled the office. ¦
District ' Deputy Cunningham, ; assisted
by Grand Recorder Spencer, acting as
grand guide, 'installed the officers of Spar
tan Lodge last night. During^ the even
ing addresses were made by. fast Grand
Master Bahrs apd by. the grand recorder..
Last Friday night the officers of Frank
lin Lodge were Installed by Deputy Bow
man, assisted by Grand Recorder Spencer
as grand guide. After the ceremony there
was a smoker and a collation.
Last Wednesday night Grand Recorder
Spencer was present In San Jose at the
installation of the officers of Mount Ham
ilto# Lodge, A. O. U. W.. and those of
Lodge No. 69 of tne Degree of Honor.
A-ter the ceremonies there was an en
joyable evening. , .
Women of "Woodcraft.
California Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft has been very successful dur
ing the past term, having added to its
membership at every meeting. The meet
ings of the circle are harmonious, so
ciable and pleasant. This in- a measure Is
no doubt the reason for large attendance
at meetings. A few evenings since Mrs.
A. J. Weinert (nee Walsh), who re
cently became the bride of A. J. "\% einert,
the popular banker of Golden Gate Camp
of the Woodmen of the World, was ten
dered a reception by the circle. There were
congratulatory addresses and presentation
by the officers of the circle to Mrs. Wei
nert of a beautiful collection of choice
flowers with the best wishes of all for a
happy married life. The daughter of the
guardian neighbor will, during the ap
proaching term, succeed her mother as
head of the circle and it Is the hope of
the members that she will do much to
advance the interests of the circle and
maintain the pleasant relations that have
existed during her mother's term. Tn«re
is a bond of fraternity between this circle
and Tamalpais Camp that has seldom
been equaled in- any other fraternal or
ganization. The two work In harmony and
each does all it can to advance the other.
Mrs. Sopha E. King, general organizer
of the Women of Woodcraft. California's
favorite with legions of friends on the
Pacific Coast. Is one of the most remark
able women who has ever undertaken the
£ -*-3>— ?-$• -+~$ -e- <&-?-? -?-? -?-?-?"•
? ' 'I
Golden West Tent of tha Knights of the
Maccabees has elected its ofllcers for the
ensuing term and will have them Installed
on the night of the 24th Inst. C. B. Clas
sen was elected commander. M. Giessln
ger lieutenant commander; G. C Free
man, record keeper, and Luther Elklns,
finance keeper.
The hall In the Pioneer building to be
used by the three local ¦ tents or the
Knights of the Maccabees and the local
hives of the Ladles of the Maccabees will
be ready for occupancy on the 1st of
August. The two lodgerooma will oe
elegantly fitted up for the purpose* for
which they are to be used.
San Francisco Tent Is still booming its
membership roll, having added many
names to Its already long list. The de
gree team is always in excellent trim to
perform the Intensely dramatic work of
this order. Members of this tent who have
•within a stated period added to the mem
bership will during the latter part of this
month be banqueted at a leading rotls
serle at the expense of the- tent. As the
number of supper winners is increasing,
there will be a large crowd and a Jolly
time.
After the Installation of the officers of
Mazzini Circle last Monday Mrs. A.
Boehm, IX S. G. C. C, on behalf of the
circle, presented to Mrs. Valenti, the re
tiring chief companion, a fine silver set,
a token of their appreciation of her eer-
The officers of "Washington Clrcla will
be Installed on the night of the 24th inst.
and those of Sunshine Circle on the night
of the 28th. , M r '
Fidelity Circle of the Companions of the
Forest will give an entertainment and
dance In the Foresters' building to-mor
row night.
Knights of the Maccabees.
In Joint convention with No. 157: July 26,
Suisun Lodge No. 111. at Sulsun.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm and the
Executive Council paid a visit to Court
Ivanhoe last Wednesday to straighten
out a tangle that arose by the withdrawal
of a number of the members. Those who
withdrew claim that having .surrendered
their charter they were at liberty to Join
another court. Those who remain claim
that the charter was not surrendered
with the consent of the necessary number
of. members.
High Court Treasurer G. W. Lunt paid
an official visit last Monday to Court San
Jonquin at Stockton.
The officers of Court Justice were in
stalled last Tuesday night, the ceremony
being witnessed by the members of Court
Bohemian, who paid the sitting court a
fraternal visit.
The full board of deputies installed the
officers of Court Occidental last Thursday
n'ght.
Last "Wednesday night the officers of
Court Star of the Mission and those of
Sherwood Circle were installed In the so
cial hall of the Foresters' building, after
which there was a dance under the aus
pices of the two subordinates named. Mrs.
A. Boehm. D. S. G. C. C, on behalf of the
circle, presented a handsojne past chief
companions' jewel to the retiring chief
companion of the circle.
Companions "of the Forest.
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
*The officers of Alemanla Lodge of
the Knights of Pythias were installed
last Wednesday night by Deputy Grand
Chancellor C T. Gromme, after which the
members enjoy«d a collation.
The officers of Oakland Lodge No. 103
were installed last Thursday night. At
the close of the ceremony D. B. Gans, a
past chancellor of the lodge, was pre
sented with a fine jewel of his rank In
the order. „ „. , '
Los Ansreles Company No. 24 of the
Uniform Kank will attend the grand en
campment in Detroit, Mich., next month.
Forty members of the company will go to
compete for a trophy. , , * „
A new lodge is being organized at Horn
brook and another at Llvermore.
George E. Church, supreme representa
tive, has recovered from the effects of
the 'recent accident he met with and will
attend the Supreme Lodge session.
Myrtle Lodge No. 16 will have its of
ficers publicly installed in Pythian Castle
on the l"th inst., the ceremony to be fol
lowed by a hop and a presentation.
Chief Tribune D. C. Clark, special
deputy grand chancellor, during the past
week visited lodges as follows on behalf
of Grand Chancellor Jeter: July 12, Placer
Lodge No. 52, at Newcastle: July 13, Au
burn Lodge No. 198, at Auburn; July 14,
Coif ax Lodge No. 200, at Coif ax. This week
and subsequently he will make official
visits as follows: July IS. Cedar Lodge No.
196. at Dutch Flat (special): July 17, Sum
mit Lodge No. 54, at Truckee (special);
July 19, Olympic Lodge No. 74, at Grass
Valley. July 20, Milo Lodge No. 48, at Ne
vada City; July 23. Othello Lodge No. 31,
at Dlxon; July 24, Golden Seal Lodge No.
110, at Davlsville: July 25, Sacramento
No. 11, Columbia Lodge No. 42. Confidence
LodRe No. 78 and. Capitol Lodsft jjo. .^7,
Knights of Pythias.
The picnic given by Manzanlta Grove at
San Lorenzo Park on Sunday last was at
tended by about 800 persons, who all
seemed to enjoy themselves to the full
est. There were races, games, tombola
and dancing which afforded amusement
for all. There were present several of the
grand officers, who congratulated the offi
cers of the grove upon the success of the
tlrst outing given by it.
Noble Grand Arch Lange has sent out
Ms first list of official visitations and from
the visits he announces he is evidently
determined to follow closely in the foot
steps of James F. Martlnonl, his prede
cessor, and strive to emulate his very suc
cessful term.
The journal of proceedings of the recent
session of the Grand Grove will be ready
for distribution to-morrow.
William Tell Grove of Napa at its- last
held meeting had one initiation and one
application. Danto Grove of Duncans
Mill had one application at its last held
meeting. K. A. Smidt of Orange Grove,
Los Angeles, writes that the grove la
flourishing. Benlcla Grove is still initiat
ing candidates. Haywards Grove Is still
booming. At Its last held meeting three
candidates were initiated, the second de
gree was conferred on three and the third
on thirteen. Semplone Grove of Santa
Rosa, with the assistance of F. L. Morelli
of Frederick Sigel Grove of Occidental,
conferred the three degrees on a large
class of candidates on the 7th inst.
The Italian groves that gave a picnic at
Glen Ellen recently were so well pleased
with the syecess of the affair that they,
on last Wednesday, appointed a commit
tee to arrange for another outing in May,
1901.
Past Noble Grand Arch Martlnonl pro
poses to call a meeting In the early part
of August of the past noble arches of
this city to take the preliminary steps to
form an association of past noble arches
in accordance with his recommendation
adopted at the recent session of the
Grand Grove. A .
There Is a strong feeling that the
Druids ought to take part in the State s
golden jubilee cetebration. There is talk
of prominent Druids taking action In the
matter. ;
Th.e Druids.
MRS. SOPHA E. KING, Organizer.
work of an organizer on the Pacific Coast.
Her success as a fraternal worker has
been most remarkable. She has worked
in California, Washington and In Oregon,
and that extensively. Wherever she has
been she has organized in these States
and she has the record of never having
failed in the last two named States in or
ganizing a circle of the Women of Wood
craft. She Is possessed of an undaunted
spirit and has undertaken journeys in
wild parts of the country which strong
men would have hesitated to start upon.
At one place in California she made a
misstep while descending from a stage
and sprained one of her ankles. When she
reached the hotel she was informed that
the "town was full of all kinds
of fraternal organizations," and
that to remain there would only
be a waste of time. She made a can
vass of the place, going on crutches, and
before she left she organized a circle with
twenty-three charter members. Her rec
ord in fraternal work is unequaled.
Airs. King has traveled extensively,
having visited many parts of Europe and
Asia. She was one of the first to be iden
tified with the auxiliary to the Woodmen
of the World.. She Is a ready speaker. Is
well ut tn facts and figures In connection
with the order she represents and has a
large amount of knowledge concerning
other orders. At the recent session of the
District Convention In Sacramento she
was elected a delegate to the Grand Cir
cle that is to meet in Salt Lake, where
she will be a candidate from California
for grand honors. Shortly after her recep
tion by the Women of Woodcraft of this
city she sailed on the City of Puebla for
Everett, Wash., to visit relatives there.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
38
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
is ISO. The mm* for members of the family..
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
6AN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
CREMATION.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 11 'twen-
ty-five cent* per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will b* pavable at the
office cf the company, 327 Market et.. on and
after Monday. July 16, 1900 Transfer books
dosed Tuesday. July 10. 1800. at 3 o'clock
x>.^nT JS. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bask of San Francisco. At a regular meet-
Ir.c of the Beard of Directors of this bank,
held July 3. 1900. a dividend wag declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1300, at the rat*
of seven (T) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the l$th inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the lCtta inst.. both
days Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT.
July Z. 1900. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAXD FCllMTl'HE FOR SAL12.
AN introduction to you from H. Rchellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Filth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
OAKLAXD. HOUSES TO L.JT.
Ji7— CORNER <-oitage. near Brdiadwajr.
$20 — Completely furnifthfd cottage.
125— Furnished E-room cottage.
jyji—Nine-roorci furnished dwelling.
We have a very complete list of houke;.
•tores, flats, etc. IT you want a place give us
a call. CEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
rail. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for JL
postage r«'<l.
t:V(>-A SNAP.
Modern cottage: <! rooms: M 75x100; close to
<ars; coet own»r J25C0. E GEHRING & CO.
478 ICth st.. Oakland.
tlSM. Half cash; t tier** cl joining Richmond
Heights; 60 minutes to San Francisco; 20 min-
utes to Oakland; tnro railroad stations, Santa
T> and Southern TV.cifir; worth double the price
i.sked\ umiti roust MIL
Fcr paticu'.ars Inquire,
LAYMANCE,
Room 10. CZ2 Market et.. San Francisco.
|C'<' AND UP-SMALL HOMES.
Chickens, farms: har.dy to cars; 30-pa«e cata-
lofue of homes; 4 new houses; easy terms.
E. E. BUNCE.
i'.% F.roadwya. Oakland.
J2oC0— BEST bargain In tnvrn; house. 8 rooms
ard bath; lot r.3x214: on Union Ft.
bsth: let fiOxlOO; on 55th *t., close to cars;
t£5y terms
SlCOft— Cottage. S rooms 8nd bath; lot 40x150;
Mth et.. near loral train and cars.
E. GEHRING & CO., 4TS Tenth St.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
DIED.
Behm, Mary Lowe, James M.
Brennan. Mary J. McKernan. William.
Brownstone, Isaac Mayer,. Ellse
Burdick, Harriet G. Meade. James
<*utter, Horace F. Meagher. James
I>emaraic Kmlly Obenauer. John
Dunne. Bridcet C. Olsen. Alvln E.
Gallagher. Daniel J. Peterson. Carolina
Goewey. James M. Pike, Alexander R.
Hayes. Mrs. Annie J. Quinn, Katie
Uirschberg. W. Peeligsohn. Abraham
Joseph, Michal J. Peymour. Edward W.
Keetfe, Marie E. Winklcr, George
Kelly, Minnie • Young, Thomas F.
Langmack. John
BEHM— In this city, July 13. 1900. Mary, be-
loved wife of John C. Behm, daughter of Mrs.
Mary I>ennlson, and sister of Annie, Katie,
Hannah, Lizzie ami Joseph Dennison and
Mrs. M. Blythe. a native of New York, aged
Zi years 1 month and 9 days.
tTT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner of California and Dupont
streets for services at ?:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BREXSAX- In this city. July 14. 1900. Mary
Jane, beloved wife of the late Richard Bren-
nan. mother of Peter E.. D. J. and the late
Margaret and Richard Brennan. and sifter cf
Caroline Byrne and the " late Mrs. Marsaret
Morgan, a native of County Down, Ireland,
aeed 73 years.
ijTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3» o'clock, from the residence
of her son, D. J. Brennan. 1435 Jackson street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BROWNSTONE— In this city, July 13, 1900,
Isaac, beloved husband of Dlna Urownstone,
and father of Joseph. Harry. Charles. Albert.
lxmis. Hattle. Abe and Milton Brownstone.
Mrs. Mark Lasky and Mrs. AI. C. Lasky. a
native of Germany, aged 63 years 6 months
and 11 days. (Fresno papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 16S3 Post street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
BURDICK— In this city. July 13, 1500. Harriet
Goodridge Burdick. mother of Colonel Georjje
R., Fannie G.. Edward S. and Benjamin E.
Uurdick. a native of Vermont, aged 71 years 7
months and 11 days.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), ajt 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 1513 £cott etreet. Interment private.
CUTTER— In this city, July 13, 1900, Horace F.
Cutter, a native of Boston, Mass., aged SI
(CTKuneral services to-morrow (Monday), at
2 o'clock, at the Second New Jerusalem
Church, north wett corner of Lyon and Wash-
ington Etreets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
DEMARAIS— In Oakland, July 13, 19C0, Emily
Demarais. beloved wife of George Demarals*
mother of Claude and Laura Oakley Det
marals. daughter of Mrs. V. C. Young, and
Fister of Sarah M. Coleman and Percy Young,
a native of at. Paul. Minn., aged 46 years 6
months and 22 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Giers Hall. Four-
teenth and Washington i=tre»ts. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
DUNNE— In this city. July 14. 1900, Bridget
Cecilia, relict of the late P. F. Dunne, and
mr.ther of Peter J.. James P.. Thomas E..
Judge Frank H. and Alice Dunne and Mrs
K V Sangster, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aeed 65 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1437 Leavenworth fitreet. thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a solemn requiem hlsh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
kcuI commencine at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery- Please omit flow-
GALLAGHER-In this city. July 14. 1900. Dan-
1»-1 Joteph beloved father of Joseph F. and
lUvmond P Gallagher, husband of the late
Neilie GallaKher, and non of the late Winnl-
fred Gallagher, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 4* years 7 months and 9 days.
GOEWEY- la this city. July 13. 1500. James
Monroe Goewey. beloved hu«band of Kate S.
Ooewey and father of Charlts. Frank, Ger-
trude James and Herbert Ooewey, a native
of Albany. N. Y-. aRed 72 years.
C^rTh* funeral will take place this day
(Sundav) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence northwest corner of Page and Laguna
streets. Interment private.
HAYFS— \ sokmn requiem high mass (month's
mind)" will be celebrated to-morrow (Monday).
»t* S o'clock at St. Charles Borromeo'i.
Chumh. Eighteenth and Shotwell -treets.
for the repote of the s<u:l of the late Mrs.
Unnle J. Hayes. Friends and acquaintances
ere re<r:>ectfuily Invited to attend.
HIRHCUBKRG- In thin city: July 11. 19(50. W.
Hirschberg. a native of Germany, aged t>7
>e CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
Ciundiy) at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of" the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
. ran>\ 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrat.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. v
JOSEPH-In this city. July 13. 1500. at his
residence. 700 Jones street. Mlchal J.. be-
loved husband of Henrietta C. Joseph, a na-
tive of England, aged C7 years 11 months and
11 da:».
CTl'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt<?d to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple corner Post and Montgomery streeu. un-
COOKSON— GILLIES-In this city. June 20.
lWn. by the Rev. C. M. Shepherd, William B.
Oookxon and Jessie H. Gillies, both of San
Francisco.
FISHER— WETTER— In this city, July 12. 1900.
by the Rev. Harry C. Richardson, Henry P.
Fisher and Mary E. Wetter, both of San
Francisco.
NAGLE— FOGARTY— In San Rafael, July 10,
1900. by the Rev. Father Philips, Martin Xa-
gle and Jennie Fogarty.
STRONG— RICHIE— In this city. July U. 1900,
by the Rev. Harry C Richardson, Druce
Strong and Matilda Richie, both of Wood-
land.
WALSH-THOMPSON-In this city, July 1.
lSOft. at Sacre<l Heart Church, by the Rev. J.
J. Cnllen. John J. Walsh of t^an Francisco,
nnd Ethel L.. Thompson of Oakland.
MARRIED.
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
j;i00— Pays K4 per month: 5 flats of 5 rooms
f&rh within two blocks of Broadway, down-
town; rays ever 13 per cent; owner away anfi
cxxlous to fell.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO-
j;;C,0_Rent! J2^ per month; corner store with
f.at cf 5 rooms and stable; good business loca-
tion: B blocks from Broadway: very sunny;
ftreet work all done; good tenants.
BUY DOWN TOWN FOR BIG RENTS,
A VERT PRETTT HOME
fit rer month; cory cew 5-roomed cottage;
all modern; lot &0xl64 feet; elevated ground;
ri*a- Fruitvale ave.: total price only $1500; cash
cr installments. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1<V"»S Broadway. Oakland.
frr.w) buys a beautiful S rf»nmed nearly new
or'.nnial Ftyle home in Fruitvale. with lot T.ixHi)
feet on high ground: close to Fruitvale ave.:
>.?rn and lot "f fruit tree?: mortgage of J2000 Is
j-.rpcfjjic: such chances are scarce and generally
tell quick. CEH. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1'VtS Broadway. Oakland.
TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
WE SOLD THOSE OTHER TWO.
j;w) — Modern cottage of 6 room*, with hlsh
Y'asement: all in first-«~lass condition; right
down tov.n: term* fan be arranged.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Broker*.
ViOS Broadway.
IN THE HEART OF OAKLAND.
jfnrrfi — Elegant 10-room cottage, with every
convenience; lot nxl'i feet; in choice residence
location, handy to Fourteenth and Broadway;
tart ca*h if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
lftOS Broadway, Oakland.
SV f :' Ftre«>t work all d«ne. stone walks laid.
rir-» driveway, fruit and shade trees; a com-
r.tete home «t a sacrifice; positively must go:
fj'.tahie fcr two families; will bring a pood
rcr-al GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
lrK'S Broadway. Oakland.
j;;?iv_rcrced sale on account of mortgage;
this f>-rr>nnie<l comfortable dwelling with mod-
ern improvement*: lot 60x140 feet, with Funny
front, in the ni<-«*M location near Telegraph
OWNER GONE TO ALASKA
BORN,
ARNHT-In this city. July 7, 1900, to the wife
of J. F. Arnht. a daughter.
BECK— In this city. July 3. 1?00, to the wife of
J. V. Beck, a son.
CAMERON— In this city. July 5. 1900, to the
wife of Dr. Howard Cameron, a son.
EDWARDS— In this city. June 25. 1900, to the
wife of J. C. Edwards, a daughter.
HOCKENBERY- In this city. July 2. 1900, to
the wife of Calvy Hockenbery, a eon.
IRELAND— In this city. July 9. 1900, to the
wife of John Ireland, a daughter.
JEl'NEJ- In Oakland. July S. 1900. to the wife of
Theodore J. Jeure. a daughter.
KELLY— In this city, July 12. 19C0. to the wife
of the late Thomas W. Kelly, a Ron.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, July 12, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas H. O'Callaghan. a son.
POZXAXSKI— In this city. July 12, 1900, to the
wife of H. Pozranski. a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MAEEIAGil LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
James -J. Wyatt. 29. 15 Rondel place, and
Ella A. Leavltl, 21, 200 Twenty-seventh street.
Edward Zelph. 27, 321 Ninth etreet, and Net-
tie J. Peck. 19. Healdsburg.
Patrick McCann. 30. 751 Harrison street, and
Jane Moran. 2S, 225 Clara street.
-Charles C. Swain. 33. Stockton, and Ernestine
Armand, 26. Angels Camp.
Willis H. Palmer. 23. Oakland, and Mary E.
HambriKht. 27. Oakland.
Otto E. Rettlg. 22. 215 Hearst avenue, and
Selma Slemund. 21. city.
Thomas 'J. Boyle. 23. 215 Ivy avenue, and
Agnes G. Whaley, 16. 433 First street.
Frank C. Reynolds. 26. 736 Bush street, and
Helen B. Crouch. 20. 1720A Page street.
Charles C. Tltchworth. 31. 4S East Btreet, and
Annabel Pate. 22. 2319 Larkln street.
James E. Splnk. 30. 1147 Market street, and
Lizzie V. Twitchell. 29. 2S45A Mission street.
Percy J. Browning, 41, Stockton, and Eliza-
beth Burns, 26. city.
WILLIAM J. DirCGEE.
Oakland. Alaneda. Berkeley Real Eetat*.
SC3 BBOADXVXT OAKLAN D
WEST OAKLAND LOTS.
*32S— ClOFe to Sixtet-nth-street etation; street
Eacb work ell done; lots for tZZo.
EAST OAKLAND LOTS.
JSOO— Second ave. and Ea*t Fourteenth «t. ;
Each « n xl0O: only 3 lots left: Fee them now;
•will build end sell on easy terms to
fUlt.
$400— Central Oakland Lota— Facing Thirty-
Karh third. Thirty-fourth. Thirty-fifth. Thir-
ty-sixth. West and Market sts. : any
frontage desired; all street work com-
jjYte: not many left; never such a
chance again i:i center of city.
$2000 — SOxliO on Summit St., near Orchard,
facing eaM. adjoining lots held at $300<j;
Eurrounded by the best homes; beauti-
ful views; rr.us: be sold within a few
caye.
J5J00— Choice Iot,*"50xl00, on Webster «t., facing
east: fins turroundlngs; only JiO p«r
foot.
J2000— 50x100. on Grand Avenue Boulevard Ter-
race; bitaroenlzed meet; a rare bar-
gain.
JSiOO— Choice home on Eighth it., corner of
Adeline; 10 rooms; modern hor.se; large
lot; former price $6500; In excellent
order; cl^se to trains.
J3T50— Fine h^me in Peralta Heights, Eas;
Oakland; overlooking Lake Merritt; S
rooms; modern: rents well: lot 70x105;
a corner; former price Jic.00; a bargain.
J3TS0— Linden 6t.. near Eighteenth; 60x125; cot-
tege; very large; S rooms; all modern
conveniences; bank mortgage of J2.V)0
can remain; owr.er will exchange equity
fcr gooi Berkeley property; improved
cr unimproved.
$4rrt_cfcoice acres; close to center of Oakland;
\Sp on high ground: 2'». 5 or 19 acre tracu;
tend for particulars.
harn-.ing West-st. cottage: contains C
rooms, bath, open plumbing, electric
wiring; thoroughly modern; photo and
plens at office.
$1100—300 feet frontajre on fine Btreet In Fruit-
vale. north of East Fourteenth et.. and
convenient to local traine: fine chance
for contractor; houses easily sold here;
mortpape JliOO at S per cent; owner
will e\< hang« equity.
Ccrrefjv-'iid with «.r call on
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
PC3 BROADWAY OAKLAND
der the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F.
and A. M. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by the 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Remains at the fu-
neral parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
KEEFFE— In Puebla, Mexico. July 3. 1900,
Marie Enrlqueta. beloved and only daughter
of Thomas H. and Mollie Riordan Keeffe. a
native of the City of Mexico, aged 11 months
and IS days.
KELLY— In Alameda, Minnie, beloved wife of
Thomas I'. Kelly, and mother of Llllie,
Thomas, May, Ruth and Alice Kelly.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAXGMACK— In this city. July 14. 1900. John
Langmack, dearly beloved husband of Amalia
Langmack, a native of Flensburg. Germany,
aged 37 yeara 11 months and 25 days. A mem-
ber of Germania Stamm No. S3, U. O. R. M.,
and the Verein Concordia.
LOWE— In this city, July II, 1900, James Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Catherine Lowe, son
of Catherine and the late Bernard Lowe, and
brother of Mary, Jennie. Katie and Annie
Lowe, a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 27 years
and 27 day's. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 1001 Diamond street, corner of
Twenty-fifth, thence to St. Paul's Church
for services at 9:13 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKERXAN— In this city. July 13, 1900. Wil-
liam McKernan, a native cf New York, aged
4S . years.
pT7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Ftreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAYER-In this city. July 13. 1900, Ellse,
dearly beloved wife of Christian F. Mayer,
and mother of Paul P-uchalter and Frederick
C. Mayer, a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged
C3 years 5 months and 19 days.
tcyFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1226 Railroad avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
street, where services will be held, under the
auspices cf the San Francisco Frauen Verein,
commencing at 1:20 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN.-To
the officers and members of the San Fran-
cisco Frauen Verein: You are hereby re-
quested to assemhje at Druids' Hall, 413 Sut-
ter street, to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock
to attend the funeral of our late member,
Mrs. Elise Mayer. By order
MRS. RUMMEL, Prescient.
MRS. A. MA AS. Secretary. '
MEADE-In this city, July 14, 1900. James
Mcade, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Jennie Meade, and loving brother of John
and Kathleen Meade, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years and 10 days.
MEAGHER— In this city, July 13, 1900. James
Meagber. husband of the late Annie Meagher,
and father of A. J. and the late James
Meaner, a native of Ireland. )
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteil to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the chapel of St.
Marys Hospital, corner Hryant and First
meets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OBE.N'Al'KR- In Alameda. July 14, 1900, John,
husband of Ernestine Obenauer. and brother
of George Obenauer, a native of Darmstadt,
Germany, ajctl 79 years.
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fi-lly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 141S Cottage street. Alameda, thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. San Francisco, for cre-
mation, by 2 o'clock creek boat from foot of
Broadway, Oakland.
OLSEN— In Fruitvale, July 14. 1900, Alvln
Ernest, beloved son of Agnes and Peter Olsen,
and brother of Leonard P. Olsen, a native of
Sao Francisco, aeed 1 year 2 months and 17
days.
ET'Funeral pervices will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 21 Rutherford avenue, near Fruitvale
avenue, off Old County road. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, July 12, 1900, Caro-
lina Peterson, beloved mother of Albert. John.
Axel, Oscar. Gustav and Eric Peterson an<l
Mrs. E. Urinberg, a native of Sweden, aged
T8 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. Albert Peterson. C4 Pierce street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PIKE— In this city, July U, 1900. Alexander R..
beloved husband of Corinne N. jPlke. a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aeed 29 years and 7
" months.
QUINN— In this city, July 13, 1900, Katie, be-
loved daughter of John and Mary A. Qulnn,
eteter of Magxie. Patrick. Mamie, John, Til-
lie and Henry Quinn. and niece of Patrick
Quinn and Mrs. Catherine O'Neill, a native
cf County Dcrry, Ireland, aged 19 years and
17 days.
C7"jFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. C04 Second street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SEELIGSOHN— In this city, July 14, 1900.
Abraham SeellRsohn, b«>K>ved husband of Es-
tell«\ and father of Helen SeellRsohn. and
brother of Mrs. E. Pimon. Mrs. M. Green,
Sells M., Sol and Rose Seeligsohn. a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 41 years and 4 months.
SEYMOUR— In Pasadena, July 12. 1900.. Ed-
ward "W. Seymour, beloved brother of Mrs.
F. C. Cope or Meriden, Conn., aged 31 years.
¦\VINKLER— In thU city, July 13, 1900. George
"Winkler, a native of Lohndorf, Germany,
ased M years 10 months and 22 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall.
filQ Bush Etreet. wher<» services will be held
under the auspices of Schiller Stamm N'o. £78,
t T . O. R. M. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission Btreet. between
Seventh ai.d Eighth.} Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
YOUNG-In this city. July 14. 1900. Thomas
Francis, beloved son of Thomas and Jennie
Younjr, and brother of Willie, Robert and
Hanora Yoiinr. a native of San Francisco,
aped 3 months and 17 days.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIVIDEND NOTICES*.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No, 81 (twenty-
flv* cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
ofHce of the company, 327 Market St., on and
arter Friday. July 2Cth, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. July 14th, 1900. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TWO=r.«:=TRAINS
Knickerbocker
£_ •„! Noonday
•jOwWdl Train From
/ NEW YORK.
ST. LOUIS tO BUFFALO.
( CINCINNATI.
Via B*£ Four Routo and
New York Central Railway.
«O TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
HO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
! CINCINNATI.
WASHINGTON.
* NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Routo and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Aftsnt.
White City
Special f^ p - -
— !)!¦¦¦¦ PAOIjTIC emWMMMWk
(T*cino smut.)
"' ban ruAacwco. ,
(Main Line. Foot ot Market StfMlJ ;:-. .
Hat» - Faou Mat IX 1800. - AM1T«
1tO9k Bsnlda, Bulsan. Klmlra, VacaTffl* .'
Ramsay and Mcrameow *7MB»
•7.OOA 8h«t. to* r D ? i \XX u $2.
Bartlett Brrlnji). WUlows. Rod \
Bluff. PortlandY.. ............... T»«3»
•7i8»» Msrtiuex.S»nn»n»B,TaU«io,Napa,
C»l!»t<>aa »nd Santa Rosa......... "•n»l
•SiOOa Dm»ls. Woodland. Knight. Landlafc
•s.3«a3»u Joss, LItmbioii.. Bf^""^
M "jnUK Chteo. Rsd Blua..^. .. ««*1»»
•SiSOa O»k<!a1e. Chines. «<w Yosemlta). M|Jaj
•0:00* H^waraV C^«d W;V'£ui^;: *1\MA
•OitOiLci Angsles EiS*e« l~ M tT'"£l
Treey. tAthrop. ri took ton. Mereed j4Ja
•9iS»* vril4».*M»nin<B an*d*wiy"s'utio«s »«l43»
• 10:00 a Tho OraiUnd Llmited-Ogdan, JMO-
Tar. Ommha. Chicago 'Bjiat
•lliOO* NUes. LiTerniorB. Stockton. Sa«a.
meu»- Meodoi*.lIanfoid.VUalia.
¦Portecvili'* ••••• ••••••# ™n™r
•I »!••* !UT«r.Tds. sHsaaadVu Stations. ******
Minor Sacramento Kl.sr 3te«mers ........ t»iOOa
•SiOOr H.jw.rdi. Nil*s »nU Way BUIIou. •»!«»
•¦•.our Martinet, Htu lOuno... VaUsjQ.
Napa. CalUtnca. 8jwiU Rosa •»H3a
•lio»r Bralcla. VTlat«n. Ba«asM»*i\
Woodlaud, KulghU LaadUC.
M.ry.tlll-. Orotiila 'i'li*
•4iS*rNUn. Man Joeemd btoc«tos> *?•¦•*
•3;O»rTha Owl Limited— Trasy, Fiesno,
BakenSeld. bsupis fof Santa Ba*.
bata, Los Angeles. .•..•• •»««»
•8i«0r Fresno Passenger— Mixtlnes. Lath* -
rop. Btocktoa. Mweed Beroad* - +
(Raymond for Yosemito). lfr»s»<iL. »I««I*V
•SiSfrNmr Meant Eipiess-ISakeHfleld.
Hauls Btrbmia, l.os Angeles. Dem-
lu«. El Pmo. Now Orleans and
Km* . *Si43a
•(>•¦•» Santa Fe Ue.ito- AUaullo Kinross
for Mi.J.ra ami E%*t *•«;• 3 »
•fliO«p H»»»»rdi. Nlles and Mao Jolt *7>43*
t»io»r v«ii>v> 'laiiaj
•UiOor Oriental M*ll-Ogloa. Chsyeana.
Omaha, Chicago — ~ •¦irtBa
••i«Of Oriental Mail— Ogden, jt>ea»ef.
Omaha. Chicago *4ll9t
t7i«0r Vallrjo. For! Coe!» and Wsy 8t».
Uoue. J»i»5»
•litlrOrumund Ci!" in.U Kxpren. ««o-
lamentu. Marjstlll*, KsiMlug.
IV.O -:;.». Png.t Mninnl »¦¦.! V.*'A **4lC>
COAST MT1SIO.1 (.Inrroif liat(t).
(Foot ot Market gtr»»i.>
tt*4Ma BanU Cm* EicursiT! for fianU
I Crui and jTrindpsl Wsy Buttons IStWr
•ttlBa N»wark.O»nt*iiHI«.8an Jose. r«lton.
Boulder Creek. S^uta Crux aod Wat
Buttons ••i3»»
t*iMf Xswtrk, C«nter?i::«, San .lose, Ho*s»
A!iiis:!"n, IMtoo, Mhul.ler Crwk,
Banta Cruz «a<l l'rinoisal War
Stations t ••••"»••
•4il3r Newark. Nan Jon. Lns Gatoa •¦>»•*
«4ilBf fllfnwood. Felton. Santa Cms «»;*»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr.«s»i mittsco— r>»t .r a »it«t 3UMt<su»8)—
"7:1» 9:00 !! C0..K. |1S3 *3:33 US3
•1:03 |S:C3 *l:S3rj(.
fl^0tlUKD~f.i^r3raiJ».».-'n.OO 8:00 10:001.18.
tU:03 *1:C3 U:S3 ; 3:C3 1«:Q3 »»:C3f.J».
COAVT IIIT1SIOM (ltroaitllaage).
("third :md ToTn»einl SLi.)
f«ilOa Ocean View. 8011th Man KraodMO.. t<it9*
t7l«O* Han Jnsa n.J \V ay 8Utii.na (Now
Ah. .».!-.. \V"li.n»J*)<l only) *ltS«*
«7iS*a Bnnday Exennion for 8an Joea.
B»ct» Cnz. Padile Groro and
Principal Way Stations I • 1 53 9
•ll(O« Hau Joa». Trra Flaws). M.uta Cms.
Paeit'v «;rt.,«. r.i.. Ui.blea. Haa
l.nis ()l.i>i>i>. t-nrf. I.ouipoc ainl
1'rlnelpal War .su'ijim •«:!<?»
•IO:IO« flan Josa and W»y HU'.lous tiMjl
*lli3l)« Han Joea. Los(]atosamt Way Stations *Si30l>
t*i«ap San Mitw. ItMiwood. Meulo Park. \
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Man Joae. V
Tres Pioos. bauta Cms, Baliasa. /
Mouterejr siui 1'acific Oro»t \\9lXGi
fliliar Saa Josoand \V»» Stations •?>3ft»
MslSr San Jos* vnri Principal Way Stations *Oil5»
ISiMr San Jos«. Los tiatoa aud Prlnelsal
Way SUtioos f»:«»«
•SiSOp Sas.lom» \w I Principal Way Stations t*:33«
*8i30p San Joss ami Way Stations......... ?"?•.«!> »
»ll»4»r Ban Jo— ami Way Stations *7i»»F
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Sunday «xcept«d. } Sunday only
6 Saturday only.
j»Aatardaj and Suodar t Sunday a«4 **«-.a^.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKGISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN" FRAXCI3CO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. ll:0O a. ra. ; 12:35,
J:30. 6:10. «:M p. m. Thursdaya— Extra tr.p
at 11:19 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at l.W
and 11:10 d. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8 :&0. 9: JO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:SX *-3X
»:0O, S:2O p. m.
BAN RAFAEI* TO BAN FRANCISCO.
."VTEEK DAYS-<:10. 7:80. 1:80. 11:19 a. m.; ISA
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips U
1:85 avnd €:2S o. m.
IUNDAT8- 8:10. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:43.
J:CS, ( '15 pvin.
Between San Francisco and Sc&uetxea Park
tuna ccheJule aa above.
i Leave I In Effect. I Arrl»»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.] Saa FTanctsc*
! Week J Bun- I \ Sun- I Wee*
Days. ( days, f Destination.! day*. 1 Davys.
' 7-30 am 8:00 »m Soratol 10:40 am »:« am
*|S9pm 9^0 am Petaluraa. 8:03pmlO:»aa
1:10 prn 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:Sj pm «:«)prn
Fulton.
T JO am Windsor. 10:3 ate
Heald^burp.
Lytton.
G«yservllle. "
t:SO ptn 8:C0 «m Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:?0 ra»,
7-39 ami I Hopland I |10:2S am*
l;V) pm| S:00 am) and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| e:2» pra
7J0msa 110:25 aa.
8:00 am GuerneTllle. 7:35 pm!
t:30 pm | t:Z> pr\
T:S9am 1:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am SMOani
and
1:13 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 8:05 pm t:2S> ?m
"77»a3iJ 8:C0an| 110:40 am'10:»3 am
1:20 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm
! Staves connect at Santa Rosa for Mart Wf-it
I Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Kult m
for AJtrnria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
f Oeyservtlle for Ska«s Springs; at Cloverda:*
for the O-ysers: nt Hocland for Dunc-r.
! Bprlnr*. HlcnSand Bprlngra. ICelseyvtlla. Cari*-
j bad Sprlne?. Soda B-»y. Lnkenort and Bart!*'?
j Eprinsa; at Uklaii for Vichy Spring, Sarat- 1 "?
Springs. Blue L 'ces. Lanrel Dell Lake, Wlt'^r
Br'lnts, Upper Lake. Pomo. potter Vallry.
Jonn Day's. Riverside. Llirler's. Backneir*.
Sanh^ In He!s-ht». Hnllvin<.. Orr's ll^t
Sprint:*. Mendocino City. Fort Brags*. West-
port. Usal. Wil'.its. jLaytonville. Cummlr.i.
Eeirs 8prlnr». Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. 8cot!a
tn<* Eureka.
Saturday to Monday ronnd trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round" trip tickets to ail points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket o*fle«-«. 450 Market at.. Chron!e1# bldx.
h c. winnxo. r. x. rtam.
General Manager. Oen. Pass. Asent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry;
WEEK DAIS....O a. m.. VM and 5:U p ;ra
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30 2:30 n *n
Fare Kan Francisco to Summit and return i\ *J
NEW TAVERN* OF TAMALPAIS XOW OP?:N
CHEAP
EXCURSION RATES
TO THE EAST.
On July 12 and 20, and August 4th. tickets
from Denver, Colorado Springs, jPueblo to Cchl-
cago. St. Louis and intermediate points, and .re-
turn, will be sold by the
PP17AT
ROCK ISLAND
ROUTE
At Rata of
One Regular Fare Plus $2.00 for Round Trip,
Baton Lialt October 31, 1900.
SPECIAL TRAINS.
ONE NIGHT OUT TO CHICAGO. Tickets also
good on regular trains.
ONLY DIRHCT LINE FROM COLORADO
SPRINGS AND MANITOU.
Take advantage of these cheap rates and
spend your vacation In your old homes. Sleep-
ing Car Reservations may be made now for any
of the excursions. Write for full information
CLINTON' JONES. G. A.. San Francisco. Cal
E. W. THOMPSON.. A. G. P. A.. Topeka Kan
JOHN SEBASTIAN. G. P. A.. Chicago.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April It. MOt.
FROST BAM FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAii.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-T:C0, '8:30, 9:20. U00 a. a.'
12:45. 'IMS. 8:15. 4:15. KM. «:13. «:« r V
EXTRA TRIHS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:0O. »S:0O. 'JiOO, •10:00. 11:00. 11M
a. m.; 12:45. »l:J0. ::J0. '3:45. 5:80. «:00i 1M
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Train, marked (•) run to 8an Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. ••:*>. 7:50. 8:40. »10:U »!
in.: 1J:JO. 1:15. 2:15. •3:50. 4:30. 5: JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *(:4S and 10:20 p. m
BUNDAY3-«:15. *i:IXi. «9:50. m^a, m\ : •l!:09
xn.: 1:CO. J;U. »3:30. 4:30. '5:45. *:45. 7:30. 10:2»
p. m.
Trains marked {•) start from San Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-^:53. 1:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:M a.
m.: 12:33. 1:45, 2:45. 3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. re.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUN0AYS-S:J5, 1:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 13:15,
ISO. 1:30. 1:45. 4*S. «:U. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and war sta-
tions. »
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:15 p. xn. : weekdays (Saturdays txcepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. to. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
11:15 p, bl Sundays— Point Reyes and way
.*Uti°P*W- '¦j.h* — .. .
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATES.
KAJXKOAD TBAVEL.
Dreamy
Sleeps=:
SANTA FE TRAINS now have
sleepers between San Francisco
and Chicago; yes, and to Fresno
and Bakersflald, that Just make
you sleep.
LOUIS XIV has not been In tham
tor a minute.
THEY'RE COMFORTABLE, take
good care of you, ard you get up
at Fresnj or BakersHeld feeling
like a bird.
ASK KIM If It Isn't so at 623
Market street, or Ferry Depot.
94108
Jo MOXTH1.Y rental — Cottage, cabin, well of
¦water: 4 fine lot?; aJl fenced: fine chicken run;
will Five option to purchase for J4T5 all told;
will rr.aV.e terms to Fult; near a fine pchool-
fcous«: 90-foot boulevard; 3 electric car lines
an<l fronting on main avenue; Allendale
Tra'-t, adjoinirg Kaf=t Oakland: call or send
-for circulsr: 4T.5 Seventh «.. near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
I>»n<< Owner.
¦no*— oosr fzson.
Fln«- couape t e rooms, bath: first-class order;
r.!ph ha$rm»nt, cement walk: street work com-
rle'e: 3 blocks from local train; close to -cars.
FOhools «nd business center; genuine enap; first
come, first served; terms.
J. S. METERS.
10C2 Broadway,<Oakla.nd.
*s:r.<v-NE'vr— «;:».
Han Pablo ave. and 23th St.: Colonial house. "
rooms'; very neat in every particular: double
pErlotr; unique depiprs in finish; up-to-date:
r.fthlnjr lacking: see it: its location to business
center makes H very desirable: terms easy.
J. S. MYERS.
FOTt ?:.' cArfi. Sin monthly till pai<i for. 100x256
Teet; rr' c< * all toM. $.'9<j; lajid on the elevation,
f-lope o r in the level valley; excellent sandy
loam soO: r^nty "f pood water: elte and cli-
mate the very best; build your home or let us
build for you: etop your outgo for rent; not
far from a fine 3-*tory fschoolhouse: near a 9<>-
foot-wide boulevard and electric railroad: 6
tkw tmildiac K^ne up within 90 days; Westall
Trart. ndjo'.nlne East Oakland; rail or wnd
for c!:<"ular!<: 4*.-" Seventh Ft., near Broadway,
Oakland. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. Jn!y 14.
Stmr CoTunr.b!i«. Doran. 53^4 houra from Port
land, via Aftoria 40 hours.
Stmr Eureka. Je*wn. 24 hours from Eureka.
?:mr Newburg. I'eterson. 65 houra from Grayti
Harbor.
Stmr San Jose. Brown. 12 days from St Mich
ael, via Unalaska s days.
Stmr Corona. Glelaw. <2 hours from Saa
Dieso and way r"rtf».
Stmr Scotia. Walviv. 1? hours from Rockport.
Tus Columbia Majcee. 6O hours from Coos)
Bay. with schr Gotam.t In tow.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. 25 days from Ka
hului.
Schr Del Nnrte. Jacobsen. 2 days from Co
quille- River.
Pohr Gotama, Wilson, 50 hours from Cooa
Eay.
CLEARED
Saturday. Jnly 14.
Stmr St Paul, Hays. St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr City of Puebla. J^sen. Victoria »ad
Puset Sound ports: iJoodall. Perklna St Co.
Stmr Cordelia H«ald ln»w). Edwards. ITn
ala.<kn: J L Heald.
Hktn Planter, MeNelll. Honolulu; Wiillatn.
DImcr.d & <?o.
Saturday. July 14.
Ftmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr rvescent City. St^-kfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr St Paul. Hays. Pt Micnael.
Ftir.r TIlTamook. Hughes, .
Hhip E B Sutton. Can-er. Honolulu.
Bktn Tmpic Bird. Jackscn. Tahiti.
Kktn Addenda. Delano. Columbia Rl-rer.
t?chr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. Bowens Lar.i
Ins.
yohr Sparrow, Dart. McNolSl. Honolulu.
Pchr Archie and Fontie. Jnhannsen. .
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bokens Landins-
MEMORANDUM
Per stmr San Jose, from St Mlehaal July 14-«
Vessels in port at St Michel July 2-Wh«lin?
stmr Wm Baylies with 1 whale: Bowhead. 1;
Bclve<l»re. 1; Jeannett*. clean: Ale-xander.
clean; Eelnya. half a whale: Karluk. hair a,
whale.
Arrived July I-Stmr Bristol, from Che
mainus; Br stmr Manaue-nse. from Vancouv«r;
schr W F Jewrctt on the 3d. herice May «.
In port at Dutch Harbor— Nor atmr Herts.
utmr Rainier. D S stmr Lawton. U 3 »tnsr
Perry. Saw a four-masted salp 40 rnliei NW of
Point Rey€».
• TELEGRAPniC.
POINT LOBOS. July 14, 19 p ia— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA— Arrived July 14— Schr Philippine,
hence June 24.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July U-Schr Lacy.
from Umpqua. Jul/ 14— Strnr Alcazar, from
Fort Brass- ' v „
Sailed July 1« — Scbr Louis*, for Umpqua.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed July 14 — 3tm?
Mlnecla. for Nar.aimo.
¦Arrived July 14— Stmr Greenwood.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 14— Br stmr Belrtaa
Kh-.K and Oer »tmr Abydr>«, for San Francisco*.
PORT OAMHLE— Sailed July 14— Schr Noko
ml«. for St Michael.
BOW ENS LANniNG— Sailed July 14-Schr
Reliance, fur San Francisco.
ST MICHAEL — Arrived June 30 — Schr Se
home. hence May M.
EUREKA-Arrlved July 14— St.T.r Orttaba,
hence July 12: schr Mary Buhne. from Kahului.
Saile<i July 14— Stmr Orixaba. tor San Fran
cisco: Btmr Del Norte. for Coos Bay; echr O It
Arrived July It— Scfcr Halcyon, from Hono
lulu
t«E \TTLE— Arrived July 14— Stmr Al-KL
from Skanuay; itmr Farallan. from Alaska;
stmr Sltnal. from Nome.
Satled July 13-£tmr Chas- Nelson, for Nome:
stmr Willamette, for San Frandsca
Arrived July 14 — Stmr Signal, from Cap«
TOWNS END- Arrived July lJ-Schr
DefpmJcr. from Kahutut.
CASPAR— Arrived July 14— Stmr C!«one. hracs
June 1:.
Continued on Pag-e Thirty-Eight
Shipping Intelligence.
Business on the different exchanges was light
and quotations showed no variation worthy of
note. '
Bank dividends will be paid to-morrow as
follows: Bank of California. J-t per share for
the quarter: California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company. Jl 5*) per share for the quarter; Ne
vada National Bank. J3 it) per share for the half
year: Wells. Far^o & Co. Lank, J3 per share for
the half year.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. July H-12 m.
E,i.A»k. Bl» Ask.
U S Bonds — Equit G T. Co. 3'i —
4s quar coup..ll4<»jll» Mutual El Co. 10 11';
4s do re* 114'illS |O G U & H... 4S'i 4V k
*s do cd new.. 134 l34Hirac Gas Imp. 4«», 47'.
Sa quar coup..lu»?41i>» [Pac L Co 40 — -
Miscellaneous — 3 F O & E 43 4»x:
Cal-at Cab 6S..1W/S — ; San Francisco. 4% a
C C Water 5a. — 108 jStkn G & G Co II -
Ed L & P Sa..l2Sfc - i Insurance-
F A Cl Ry «9.. — US Flrems Fund.2T3 —
Geary-st R 5s. — »9 Bank Stocks—
H G & S 5»^9- — — IAn«rlo-Cal Ltd M —
Doss 101 — iBank of Cal.. .412 413
L A Ry 5s.... — lOa'i'Cal S D & T..106 —
L A Lt Co «s. — — : First National — 2M
Do sntd 6s.. — — |U>n P & A 1W
L A grntd SS...100 — (Merchants* Ex 13 —
L A P R R 5s. — lOliiJNev Nat Dk.. — —
Market-st ««..12"; — j Saving? Bank-
Do 1st M 5s. US — iGer a & L....1S90 —
X C N O K Is. — — Hum S & L... — _
N R of Cal 6a. 11? — jMut Sav 13k... 45 _
Do 5s 117'i — |S F Sav U....5O5 —
N P C R R bs.nil — Sav 4 L So.... 74 74
Do as 105 — 'Sec Sav Ok — —
N Cal R R ««.lli — ;fnlon T Co — —
Oak G L&H.",s.m — " : Street Railroads—
! Oak Tran 6s. .115 115!i California 1^4 —
Oak W Co .*,».. -. i«4 »<» _
Oceanic S CO..104H — iMarket-st Ry.. €3 £4
Om C Ry t>«..li» ¦ — j<> -S I. A 11 — «»t_
P & Cl Ry 6S.1C3H — Presidio — 22^
P & o P. ti tm.M — Powder Stock*—
Powel!-st Tt to.lVO — iS>Iifnrnla VS fr»H
Sac L * GRSs. •».•; 1» jOiant Con Co. Cbj i|i;
S F & PJV 5s.U3 — :Vi S orlt ;-, 3^
S Hy of <;a! Ba.tll — t I-ucar stories—
S P of A 6s... — 111 1 ; Hani 3 P Co. tv s 9
S P C fisir.'0o).ll0 110S Haw C &. S Co S74 83
Do (1XJ>)> Hl'.lU IHonnkaa S Co 32 ', —
Do (1912) U-J l^H:""trh S P Co. 23 —
PPRC lsti;nt»9 — — (Kilauea H Co. Is", —
S P Br fs 131',i— IMakawell S Co — 4«'i
S V Water tis.u> — i'moinea S Co. — ?¦
Po 4s 103«i — ! Paauhau S Co. 31 ZVi
Do 2<1 mtg. ..lul*ilO2U! Mi«ceiianeoui^-
St<->cktn Ua* t>» •jj'n — |AI Pack Asn.H7mi*i
Water Stock?^— 'Ca! Fruit Asn. 9$ W
Contra Conta.. «7 S ; fiSUIil'T Kx Assn.. »< i.w
Martn County, a" — ;Ocean!e S Co. — 32ti
Srrlns Valley. 54»i 55 t Puc A F A — —
tSas <se Kl»ctrie— ,'Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
c»nt 0 i, Co . _ — I par Paint Co.. M —
Cent L 4 P Co 4V; Si, 1
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Contra Costa Water, s *0 J7 7.%
SO Kquitable lias 3 so
75 Honnkaa S. Co .1 12 ji)
50 Hulchinson S. P. Co 2S (W
$1000 Merket-rt. Ry. Con. 5s u* 00
JUirt) Northern Ry. r.f Cal. 5.« 117 50
M0 S. F. Uas & FAcctrlr: Co 4} 10
PRODUCERS" OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Hoard—
EO California Standard J5 M
23 Homestake , 12 50
1W) Independence \j
£5 Kern River 15 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the rate* In th« Pan Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlrz Session.
S0O Alpha Con «5 : H 5[erra Xevada. ;«
1<V) Hale & Nor :.'» S3 Sierra Xevada. ~3
100 Ravage 17 100 Pt Louis ;,>
ZOO Savage 14 1** Union Con.....; ;i
The followlne were th* «:;les In the Pacific
StocU Board yesterday:
Morning S«8.«lon.
1500 Alpha Con 0« 500 Overman 15
50 Confidence 7« -CO Potosl 15
500 Con New York. 04 Sfti P.itoal j«
600 Exchequer 02 SCO Savage 17
10O.1 Justice 13 2C0 Savage 15
730 Justice 12 VA Silver Hill.. .. «.-. |
100 Ophlr 70 200 Silver Hilt .... «> I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. July XI— 1" m
:: .V ; ¦? < ' .-.. ,Bld.A»k.! ,,. - Bld-Ask.
Alpha 05 06[JustIee. ."....;... u 1*
Aita .......;....' M (ttjKentuck — n
Andes <H Oj lately Wash 03
Belcher 1~> IS Mexican IS 1»
Best & Bekher r3 23 Occidental — 10
Bullion ../. 03 «J Oph!r 71 :i
Caledonia *1 l C0<Overman H IS
Chollar IS 1» Potoel It IS
Challenge Con.. 1* IS Savage 15 16
Confidence 70 73jScorp!on 01 —
Con Ca! & Va.l 4". 1 S»V Sec Belcher «3 M
Con Imperial... — fll Sisrra Nevada.. M ? W
Con New Ycrk. 03 M! Silver Hill E* eo
Eureka Con — SO St Loala ....... 16 —
Crown rolnt.... 12 13 Standard »— 4 *3
Excheaner ..... 01 .02 f»yn<Jlcat« ...... 07 08
Gould * Curry 23 !5l Union Con » ft
Hale & Norcra SI 23!Utah 1> 11
Julia 01 02! Yellow Jacket., n 11
XEW TORK. July 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.316 barrels; exports. 15.636 barrels; sales, £700
packages; weak and lower to sell, closed en
tirely nominal. Winter patents. 1404 60; win
ter straights. W 80©4 80; Minnesota patents,
14 Z<ygt SO: winter extras, J2 75©3 10; Minnesota
bakers". *3 10®3 60; winter low grades, J2 «g
2 70.
WHEAT— Receipts. 94.350 bushels: export*.
63 714 bu-hels: sales. 2.850.000 bushels futures.
40 CCO bushels spot. Spot weak: No. 2 red, 85»4c
f o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 82Tic elevator; No. 1
Northern Dulutn, 87Hc I. o. b. afloat to arrive.
Options opened week and were further de
pressed during; the forenoon by active liquida
tion, lower cables, enlarged spring wheat crop
estimates and further Northwest showers,
closed weak at lc net decline. July closed 83Ho;
September. SSHSS3 7-16c closed S2He; October,
closed €2Sc; December. 83ii«?S4Hc closed S3Uc.
BITTTER— Receipts, 4131 packages. Steady;
creamery, 1«H@15«; current packed factory, 1*
010c
EGGS— Receipts. 4SM packaees. Firm: West
ern, at mark. l2«riSV4° for average lota; West
em, loss Off. 13c .
HOPS— Steady; common to choice, 1539 crop,
llSUc; old. 3<85c; Pacific Coaet. 1893 crop. 100
13c; old. 35J5c.
HIDES — Firm; California, 21 to IS pounds.
* \VOOL— Dull; domestic fleece. 25^ac.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
9>jc: mild, steady: Cordova, 9H@N>He. Futures
clof-ed steady, with prices net unchang-ei to 10
points higher. Total sales, futures. 11 000 bags,
including: September. $S 05; October. J8 10; No
vernber JS 20: December. $8 45®8 50; FeSruarj'.
JS 5S; March. 1% G5<gS 70; May, *£ 80.
SUGAR-Strong: fair reflninti. 4 b 16c: centri
fugal, M test. 4 13-16c; molasses suBar. < l-16c.
Refined, firm; No. 6. 6.45c; No. 7. 6.35c: No. 8.
5*v- Vo 9 5J5c: No. 10. 5.20c: No. 11. 6.20c;
No 12 5!5c'; N'o. 13. B.lOc: Xo. «. 8-"c: stand
ard A. B.gOc: confectioners' A. 5.80c: mold A.
€ 25c; cut l<faf. 6.40c; crushed, 6.40c; powdered.
C.lOc; granulated, 6c; cubes. 6.15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
"VEW TORK. July 14.— The market for evai>
orated apples was dull and featureless. Califor
nia dried fruits ruled quiet by about steady at
U «TATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
8H»5c; prime. *H©5t4c; choice. 5«i@6V4c: fancy.
DRIED PRUNES-3%<3"c per
pound. p.s to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. UO14e; Moorpark, loCl.c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14{71Sc; unpeeled. 6<S3c.
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Charters
The Altert l:>iSs merchandise for HonolBlu; j
Aloha, Eerchar.dise for Honc'.o'.u: Alpenor, j
lumber en P-_cet BoOSd for Fre-mar.tle. 7?>s, j
rrlor to arrival.
Tfce Cra!gi!rr.e loals wh«-at rr fcar'.ey for E-j- |
rcp«. S6s Cd.»rr;-:e to arrival: John F.r.a. lurr.t-er j
en Puget S^ur.d for D^Iagna Day. CTs 6-1 'cbar- |
t*r«J la England), prior to arrival.
The Nithsdaie l:ads wheat at Portland fcr i
r-urope, 4:s. prior to arrival; Ot'Ille FJcrd. lum- j
ter a.t Eureka for Kilo, prior tr> arrival.
Tlie Per.th*-s:iea at Pert Los Ar.peles l">ai»
¦wheat kt Pcrt'.an.l fnr Europe. 43s bd. pr'.or to ,
errlval. Tbe Standard loads coal a: Taojma
for Honolulu; Thistle, lumber at Moodyvu.e
Cor Auftral:a. prior to arrival.
Merchandise for Tahiti
A Wheat Shipment.
Tne British tark Murjelcrac cleared FYiJay
for Queer.stown for crders with 75.326 ctls
Wheat valued at $'2.S;8. and 17.000 feet Luin-
Ltr <Jur.r.ae»-. vaiii» IZX.. Tc-Lal value. {S3.11X.
Bank Clearings.
T-cK-al t>ar.k cl»arlr!es !»st week irere I2O.»9«.-
VZ, agaicf: ;:i.:t;/ri for the nmt week last
jear.
Weather Report
nj!9th Merifilan— Padflc Time.)
PAN rRAN'CISCO. July 14. 6 p. in.
The following rr.an-.lxum te— :perature« were
reported Irorr. staticr.s ir. California, to-day:
pureka HjRed Blu2 H
Mcurt Tamalpals.... ">', W
j- dependence 9* San Luis Obi^po €8
Tresno IM San 13i^gt 70
L->5 A^^eles S>
Fan FTar.clsc« data: Mailmum terr.periture,
t~. rr.lr.irriurri. El; mean. t€.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOUECAST.
The presrure pontlnvft to faU over the coun
try vrtst ct the Rocky Mountains. An area of
J-.'^li of t_h* Pacific Blope- At In<le:?er.3enc« a
rref^'Jre of 2S.3S Inches i» rej^.rted. while
throughout the valley cf the Colorado tte
f ressur* varies from 23. 4 1 ) to 23.50 Inches.
Tre ten-.rrature has fallen Flowly aJcn* the
coa^t of Central California. The Isotherm* are
vr.usucHy deep aJorg the coast of California.
No rain is rerouted west of the Hocky Moua
lafaa.
rorex-ayt made «t Saa rnuiclsoo for thirty
lit>UT» en<llar m!<Jr.icht Ju!jr 15. 1800:
Ncrtriem Calirornia— Fair Sunday, brisk
corthweit wind, with heavy Joe; on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Eunday, fre«h
¦v .: . :* foe ca the coast.
Nevada — Cloudy Eunday.
Utah— Cloudy Sunday.
Artzc'-a— Fair Sur.lay.
t-an Fra.r.c!sco ar.d ClouSy Sunday.
Jresh xrert winds Trtth fee.
Al.r.XANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official
CHICAGO. July 14.— Within ten minutes af-.
' trr tradins had started in the Wheat pit the
! price of September had been forced to a point
I over a cent below yesterday's closing fl&urert.
! tertember opened unchanged to >l-: lower at
79'ri79'«c and under selling orders from all over
the country the price was steadily pounded
down until it had touched 77Tic The princi
pal In fact almost the only, factor In the
rapid decline was the improved condition In
Jff Northwest. Rains and cooler weather in
the Dakota* and Minnesota were reported to
! Lave greatly the condition of Wheat
! .£rt MlVnWonlis estimates of a crop for tho»*
fhWat«« from 133.000.000 to 159.000.000
bushels were plver. a great deal of credence by
Si-BuVted holders of wheat, who unloaded as fast
i a» they could. At 77;,c the demand, which up to
' tMs time had been slack. Improved, the Xorth-
I wJ«t £endlns in R-ood buying coders, while
local shorts covered quite freely for a time.
Out in the Ust hour of the short session
th^ market ae»in t*came extremely dull and
weak Prices Hlld off to n%»5 <X»c and Sep-
TornrVr closed at 77T»c. a loss of 1% to lHo.
te t^n waTstrong a'.l day The drought .till
continued 'n Kansas a-«d Nebraska and dam
re" in some sections was reported as serious.
1 September clo»ed '.*c hisher at 44%c.
j Oats were firm, but f^atursless. September
C 'l itUe'^was K don'e In provisions. Lower hog
™tii »nd th" weakness of Wheat had some
?ff^T on pnees. which yiolde.I sl.ghtly early
it ine decline the market btcame steady and
held so September Pork closed 7*c lower
and Lard and Ribs each lo;t 5c.
Theieadtng futures ranged as follows:
~~^{^Z i Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat "No. „ ' 7 , 76H 74H
gepSSber":.:....;:: w -^ --,% -^
juw" iN °'..^:..... m «V4 «% 43Ti
Member ««« «% <•'- "54
t^v"" 2J'i 24H 23% J3T4
Aurust • !4t > 24V * M H W1 *
\ S MS 21< U% 2&
jXT POr . k -...^:..» « « « « 40 12 40
September 12 « 1=60 12 574 12 55
Lard. Der 100 lbs-
Tlt w .... .... - 6 8a
semember 6 M4 ¦ • 6 92V4 « S7^ 6 50
otu-b^r £.««* 6 9^ 6 90 6 S2'.i
Short Ribs, w l Co lba —
! jul" ' «S7H.6M 6 85 € 874
September 6 37',4 . 6 974 6 95 6 93
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patent!. S4 10^4 20; etralrhts. }3 20<f
3 :<'¦: eprins special?, $4 75®4 SS; spring patentc.
$3 70354 30: straits. $3 30©3SO; bakers'.
$2 40^2 90; No. 3 spring; wheat, 7JJf76c; No. 2
•
likely therefore that small additional induce
ment would bo required to draw eold from
New York for foreign accounts.
Bonds hay been very little traded in in
spite of the ea.se of money and prices have
changed little In either direction. U. S. re
funding 2« v.hen Issued and the 3s advanced »*
and the old *s H in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
l.~v> Atchlson i5\i
7.750 Atchison rrefd e$7 4
:,5T0 Baltimore & Ohio 74'*
Canadian Pacific 8s**
Oar.a.ia Southern 43
P19 Chfsap»-&ke & Ohio 27H
:*) Chicago Cireat Western U
i,t'JV Ohieae<\ Bur & Quincy i;4
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 22>-i
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 50
("hicatro & East Illinois 95
Chicago & Northwestern 153
2,200 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 106
C O <.' & St Louis 58
Colorado Southern 6'.i
«"•:-'.¦ -nulo Southern lEt prefd 41S
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd lii' s
Delaware. Lack & Western 176
1J0 Delaware & Hudson His
! Denver & Kio Grande 17H
I>«>nv<;r & Rio Grande prefd 65 l i
I Erie 10\
100 Krie 1st prefd 32'^
100 <".r»at Northern prefd 152\,
I Hocking Coel 13H
2'«> Hocking Valley S4U
I [Uinoii Central 117*3
4i» Iowa Central 19
Iowa Ontrai rrefd 47
Kar.s •*::>-, Pitts & Gulf IS
Uikr Erio & Western 28
Lake Krie A: Western ; refd 90
Lakr- >h:-re 210
740 Louisville & Nashville 72*i
T45 Manhattan L S7%
2-» Metropolitan Street Hallway U0\
Mexican Ctntral 12}»
Minn & St Luui» 54Vr
M;nn & .~t Louis pref-J 91
S.QSO Missouri TaciSc 51
Mobil* & Ohio 37
Missouri. Kar.s & Texas ID 1 *
100 Missouri. Kar..« & Texas prefd 31»i
New Jersey Central » 125^
1.171 New Tork Central 129»,
1.410 Norfolk & Western 23**
Norfolk & Western pr&fd 77*g
4,200 North»m Pacific 4S*i
N'orthera Pacific prefd 70W
100 Ontario & Western 19'*
Oregon P.y & Nav 42 !
Oregon -Hy & Nav prefd 75 '
1.S40 Pennsylvania 117»i
Reading 17
400 Reading 1st rrefd 59
Rea<i:r.g 2nd rrefd 2«4
Rio Grande We?;prn 594
RlO Grande Western prefd 85
St Louis & Svrp. Fran 9'i (
615 Ft Louis & Sir. Fran in prefd €5 ,
2.94a Pt Lou's & .^an Fran 2nd prefd 32 T i
St IjouIs, Botubweftera 9^4
Ft Louis, Southwestern prefd I4»i
era Pt ram uov»
4C0 St Paul prefi 171 !
Ft I'aul Omaha, HO
Southern Pacific 32^»
12,970 Southern Itaiiway 10**
740 Southern Railway predd 51'^,
Texas & Pacific' 144
100 Union racific K 1^
Union Pacific: prefd 74
30O Vabash 6»i
ico Witijish ri^f-i is^»
Wheeling* LE *\
Wheellni & L E 2nd pretd :3'i
Wisconsin <"entral 14
Third Avenue l'J9
Kxr're^s <"cmr«n!e« —
Ad.ims 115
American 153
I'nited StatPs 45
WeU« Fartro 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 34'4
American Cotton Oil rrefd SS
I Amwlfan M;!t!r.i? 2\i
j<""J American Malting prefd 19
»¦<>} American Smelting- and Reflnlng;.... 36**
100 American Smelting- and Refining pfd $*&
American Hpirlt* rrefd 17
yy> American St<*>I Ifoop 1JJ.4
1.317 American Si<»*l H.-~ip prefd » 6!B\t
6i0 American & Wire 32'n
American * Wire prefd 7'>!i
American Tin Plate 2*)
1,500 American Tin Plate prefd 75
American Tobacco S>2
705 American Tobacco prefd 125
4.70) Ar.acr.nda Mining Co 304
Brooklya Rapid Transit SJV.
ZV) Colorado F"u<>l & Iron 33
Continental Tobacco 24'i
Continental Tobacco prefd 77%
*20 Federal Steel 32
100 Kederal Steel prefd 65
Geweral Kle'tric 130
1&0 <;iuco?e Pusar Bl
Glucosr Sugar prefd 97
iZT> International Paper 22',-4
100 International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Gas 74
J40 National Uuscult 28H
National lilgcuit prefd SI
National L/ad 19 ¦
National Lead prefd M
200 Natlozisl Steel ;3i;
National Steel prefd 83^
New York Air brake 128
100 North American liVi
Pacjn.- Oast m
1'a'lf.c Coant 1st rrefd *3
Pacific Coast 2d rrefd 60
810 Paciiic Mail :6»i
8W People's Gas <tsit
230 Presy^! Steel Car 42
I*reF»>e<j Fte«»l Car prefd 70
Z10 Pullman I'alaee Car 191
....... Standard Rope & Twine 6H
4.CT0 Sugar n;»t
no Eutar prefd '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 116"!
S70 Tennessee Coal & Iron.., 6o>-4
200 United State* Leather g«4
1 nited States leather prefd 67H
United States Rubber 13
J nited 8late« Rubber prefd SI
Western fnion ... 79
3J0 Republic Iron & Steel Co.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'." 11U
"?. U £ U , C £» & Eteel Co. prefd.... £3
r C C & ht Louis J7
7S.1M Shares fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
8 .^^!^^ T M " Si
I; *j "," r *" JM a, Northern Pac 3«... 66U
T S 3s coup iC9« ti no 4 j *
T S new 4* re* m N Y c ft S L i iVc
t: fi new 4b coup. ..134 ! x & w con 4^ triL
L h Old 4S coup....H4'»! I>r> u ifXtl
TT H Sb re«; 113'j.Or Bfaort*£to**«sUr!un2
TJ S Ds coup I«g po con 5s - * JS5
DIM nf Col 3.«5,....13 JReVdlnK Gen'48" Wit
Atchlson R en tt....l«H n G W l st8 rA
Canada Sou Sds 10< /»¦ R L & 8 F Oen fm 1->->
Che. & Ohio 4V,... WH Bt rtul con .. . «
Do is 118*4 St P C A- P i.t« iiit'
C & U con 7. mC vol^. "2
I>o 8 F Deb 6... .120 Southern Pai i. H J»2
Chic Term 4s 92 Southern Uy 5b... 10&U ;
Colorado Sou 4s.... M',! Stand R & T Is 71 u
d * r g ists 103 Tex & p ac i, ta^;;;,j \i\ ,
t)o 4* 974 Dj rds Gj*
Krie Gen 4s 6S*« Union Pac «¦ inr»i
F W * D C lsU.. 70U Waba«h UU ." Hfi
General Elec 5s 116'» Do £ds "IS
Iowa Cent l»t« 112« 4 ' TVest Shore 4s'.*.'" 1121:
K C 1> & G 1BU.. T!H\V|, c.nt lsts ...' Js
L t- N l-'nl *s S$«i'Va Centuries ... M
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15| Ontario crn
frown Point G<? Ophlr C4
Con Cal & Va 1 33' Plymouth ...... " jo
Deadwood 4 1 ); Quicksilver 1 10
Gould & Curry 2*)| Do prefd 700
Hale L. Norcross.. 22. Elerra Nevada 25
Homestake 50 0<H Standard 400
Iron Silver £2; Union Con 17
Mexican IS; Yellow Jacket 19
MONTREAL. Quebec, July 14— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at auction
to-day, realizing the following prices: Pears—
Bartlettf, half boxes, &Ocf?Jl 3<). average Jl 05.
Peaches — Early Crawfords, box, Jl 30@l 43.
average Jl 3S; St. Johr.s, box. SOcffJl 60, aver
age Jl 26; St. Johns, single crates, S5c@$l ft),
average Jl 43. Plums — Burbanks, single crates,
J1©1 10, average Jl '>5; California Ked, single
crates, average Jl 13; ?atsuraa, single crates,
average S5c. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates,
SCh&SOc. average S2c. One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO. July 14.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction tu-ilay: Pears— Bartletts,
Jl'a'ftlSo. average Jl SI. Peaches— Crawford,
box, oociijl 15, average l"6c: Foster, box. 70c'g)
Jl 20. average Jl i)i»: St. Johns, box. 6wg$l li>.
average. Sac; l>ecker, box, 90c^Jl 10, average
51 02. Plums— Burbanks, single crates, 4oc5!
Jl 20, average 63c; Ogon, single crates, 63cff$l,
average SSc; Satsuma, single crates, 45tj»c.
aver&Ke 65c; Purple IDuano, single crates, 454r
We, average 73c; Washington, single crates, 60
CjWc, average I'M:; Wickfon, single crates, $1 '.'ii
4j"1 W, average Jl 35. Prunes — Tragedy, single
crates, 50iywc. average 73c. I>ry, favorable
weather. Seven cars fold to-da*.
PHILADELPHIA. July 14.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day are as follows: Pears— Bartletts, box,
Jl i'>&2. average $1 62. Plums — Burbanks. sin
gle crates, t»K»*3c. average 72c; Purple Duane,
single crates, 4iy&90c, average 81c; Satsuma,
single crates, SSfi'Oc.^average 56c Prunes—Si
raonl, single cratfs, average 70c; Tragedy, sin
gle crates, SCKTSSc, average 75c. Four cars sold
to-day.
BOSTON. July 14.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
.fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears — Bartletts.
box. jl 30i>2 25, average $1 9i>. Peaches — Craw,
fords, box, 5oC§Jl 50, average Jl 25. Plums—
Ilurbanke, single crates, 4 ."¦«••/ i 1 10, average 77c.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, 35Q75c, aver
age 70c. Eleven tars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July I*. — The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears—Bart
letts. box. Jl 20'g'l 90, average Jl 44. Peaches —
Decker box, 55ft 60c. average 60c. Plums — Bur
banks. ' single crates. 30c%rJl 03, average 63c;
Oiron, single crates, 40c£f$l 05, average &Sc;
Satsuma, single crate?, 4'>ij 1 G5c. average <7c;
Kelsey .Japans, single crates. CJeQJl 65, aver
age $1 3Z-. Purulue Duane. single crates. 43.JI
7."n\ average U3c; Eureka, single crates. $1 4">y
1 45, average Jl 43. Prunes — Tragedy, single
crate.s, JSQSSc, average C7<\ Weather favorable.
Twenty-two cars sold to-day.
lUTTPBfRG. July 14.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears— Kart
letts. bofc* J2tf2 31, average $2 15. Nectarines
single crates. J19SI 13. average Jl 07. Peaches
— Imperials, box. $1@1 15. average Jl 10. Plums
— Kelgey Japans, single crates. Jl'gi 25, aver
age $1 04; Abundance, single crates, 6T»c. Prunes
— Tragedy, single crates, S0#S5c, average S4c.
Four tars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 150;
nominally steady. Natives— Good to prime
Bteeri", J5 lOfto 70; poor to medium, Jl 5035;
selected feeders, U@i 75; mixed stockeri, J3 15Q
3 90; cows steady. J3®4 75: heifers. J3@5: oan
nerji. I2<i 2 SO; bulls, firm, $3 ~'84 SO; calves.
J4 50?r6 85. Texans— Receipts for week. 3650;
last week, 3100; Texas fed Jteors, J< 2:15 3;
Texas grass steers, J3 4O®4 10; Texas bulls,
J2 tW?3 25.
HOGS Receipts to-day, 16.000: Monday, 33.
000; left over, 2500; opened steady, closed weak
to 5c lower; top, Jo 45; mixed and butchers,
Jo 10#5 45; good to choice heavy, J5 20@o 45;
rough heavy. J5<g5 15; light, Jo 1535 42V4; bulk
of pales. 15 2565 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2300; sheep and Iambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4 10<24 BO; fair
to choice mixed, $3 20'O > 4 15; Western sheep and
yearlings. JS OMJ4 60: Texas sheep, J3 40f?4; na
tive lambs. J4 50*36 90; Western lambs, Jo^fS 23.
Imports and Exports at New York.
XEW TORK, July 14.— Imports of specie this
week J30.563 gold and J154.62S silver. Exports
of rold and silver from this port to all coun
tries for this week aggregate S9S4.41S silver bars
and coin and S31O0 sold. Imports of dry poods
and merchandise at the port of Xew York for
this week were valued at $11,234,004.
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING
LONDON. July U.— Consols, DS 13-18; Silver.
2S 5-16d; wheat cargoes on passage, easier, ne
glected, 3d lower: English country markets,
quiet: Indian shipments of wheat to United
Kingdom, 1000 cuarters.
LIVERPOOL. July 14.— Wheat, quiet; No 1
Standard California. 6s 4d®6s 4Vid; . French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 27-32d.
LIVERPOOL. July 14.— FLOUR— St. Louis,
fancy winter, dull, 8s 3d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady, £2
12isi&£3 15s.
WHEAT— Spot. etendy; No. 1 Northern
spring. 6s Sd; No. 1 California. 6s 4d'g> 6s 4'id;
futures, dull: July, nominal; September. 6s
2%d: December, Cs 3?4d.
CORN— Spot, new firm: old. quiet; old mixed,
new, 4s l*»d; do old, 43 2d; futures, dull; July,
nominal; September. 4s 2%d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 14.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 6934 bales were offered. Crcas-br«ds were
strongly supported by the home trade and
Merinos by the Continent. Cape of Good Hope
and Natal wools were in small supply and sold
readily. Punta Arenas wools were in good
demand on the Continent at a farthing to
half-penny advance. Fine Victoria grades were
actively competed for at dearer rates.
t^Qorthern Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 14.— Clearings, J263.
0&3: balances, J44.0SO.
TACOMA, Wash,, July 14.— Clearings. J106,-
CSl; balances, J13,34L
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. July 14.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. E6©57c: valley. 56@57c; blue stem. 60c.
Cleared— Fr. bark Marechal Vllllerson, for
Queenstown, 111,725 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA. July 14.— Wheat, quiet bu"t weak;
blue stem, 63c; club, 57c; both for export.-
NOTE— In the above exposition of tae tides
the early morning tides are given ia the left
hand column and the successive tides of. th»
day In the order of occurrenc* as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide f>f
the day. the third time column the third tM»
and th* last or right hand column gives th-»
I last tide of the day. except when there are but
j three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th» heights
I Riven are In addition to ths soundings oa th»
I United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus nicn F-0 precedes the height.
1 and then the number driven 1* subtracted from
i th« depth given by the chart!". The plane oi
I reference is the m?an of the l:>wer low waters.
NEW TORK. July 14.-The Financier eays:
The intcrestlns feature of the New York Clcar
i Ing-house bank statement for the week ending
j Juiy 14 i^ an Increase of J4.7S1.0OO in cash hold
ing?. Of this gain Jl.3S6.7fO was In the form
of ?pecl«\ two large institutions reporting the
, entire addition to the reserve. The statement
! is more nearly in accord with the known opera
! tions of the week than was the previous ex-
I Dibit, and this leads to the assumption that the
' Hems which did not enter Into the statement of
j July 7 tigure In the present one. The items do
I not correspond with the changes nuted. The
ileposits expanded only J1.64O.3CO, almost ex
activ the same amount thai loans declined. The
additions of cash, therefore, do not flKure at all
in the deposit Item, and for this reason the
gain in ex«-ess reserve was unusually large, ag
gregating J».47O,9:'d. The surplus now stande at
nearly JlUOwt.000. It is not likely that this
gain will influence the money market locally,
but international conditions are such that a
change In prevailing rates would not be sur
prising. The advance .in sterling on July 13
was so sharp that gold exports were out of the
question, arid with the impending Chinese prob
: lem affecting foreign markets, may produce
j rather unex;ected results.
The banks here are still gaining from the in
terior, although in smaller volume, and gold
reserves from the Klondike and one shipment
»rom Australia will serve to increase the local
money cupply soon. The demand for funds Is
not as urgent as waa the case at this season
last year, owing to a more moderate volume of
bu j*in<?89 snd l&sscricd prices, bu t. Gonscrv&tlvc
opinion inclines to the belief that money must
150 higher before the close of the fall season.
The opening cf the Presidential campaign now
nearly at hand will be a factor in this respect
not to be Ignored. The New York banks are
adding gradually to their circulation. One bank
has a total of JC.DC0.000 outstanding, another
J4,6CO.CO and three ethers over Jl.to0.000 each.
The gain since July, 1S9S, has been about J10,
000, ooy.
London Market.
N.EW TORK. July 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Old hands say this was the idlest day they
ever knew on the Exchange here. Some mar
kets did not even open. Paris, Glasgow and
Edinburgh closed. American stocks which were
sold in the first hour by "punters," who were
disappointed in profits on a turn, recovered
later when the selling was over. There was
no changes In money rates. The Bank of
England sold £71,000 In French coin and £2000
fcr export to Roumanla.
CLOSING.
Atchlson. »6"ri: Canadian Pacific. 91H: Union
Pacific preferred, 76; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 72S; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda. 8;
Rands. 39S- Bar silver, quiet. 23 5-lSd. Money,
l's per cent.
Sun rises 4:5»
Sun sets 7:31
Moon rises J:21 p. m.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUNDAV. Jl"LT 13
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times an.i Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sari
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city fiont (Mission-street wharf) about
tweaty-flve minute* later than at fort Point;
the heljcht of tide 1* the same at both places.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dee.
Opening 6 2S 6 3 3 »
Closing 6 3&s
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept -Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour-
Opening
Closing
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. July 14.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.CCO.OC0 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available casn
balance, $143,430,706; gold, JCJ,557,S15; silver,
JS,SC6,C42.
Bank Clearings show a decrease from last year. A
Silver a fraction loner. Exchange as before.
Wheat continues to decline. Barley nominal.
Oats zvcll held, but dull again. Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay rules firm at the advance.
Beans and Seeds continue motionless.
Potatoes easy. Onions doing better again.
Poultry in moderate supply and steady.
Eggs continue their slow advance. Butter and Cheese quiet.
Fi«s scarce and firm. Melons also strong. Grapes steady.
Good Apricots sliozu steadier signs.
Berries higher.
Prunes promise to run largely to small sizes.
No prices for new Prunes and Peaches as yet.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Hops rather firmer owing to less favorable crop prospects.
Wool and Hides dull and weak.
Hogs easy at the noted decline.
Light dealing in local stocks and bonds.
Time Bali
Branch Hydrographic Office. C. 3. S.. Vw.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaX.
July 14. 1W>.
The. time ball en the tower of th* new Ferry
building was dropred «t exactly noon to-day— •
L e.. at noon of the l?)th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m. . Greenwich ttme.
C. G. CALKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. tn charste.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds ¦ !
Call loans HMPH Westngh Elec 44»;
Time loans 3HS'4Vi Atchlson 4s 100
Stocks— ;s E G & Coke 5s. 64
Atch Top & S F.. 25U 1 Mining Shares-
Do prefd fj* 4 j Adventure 2»i
Amer Sugar 117S Allouez ling Co... 1
Do prefd 118*;iAmal Copper S5
I Bell Tel 144% Atlantic ...: 2l\b
j Boston El 140 (Boston & Mont. ...233
i Boston & Maine. ..US ! Butte & Boston 64
Oil Bur & Q Ui jCalamct & Hecla..T39
Dominion Coal 3S Centennial lC'i
Federal Steel 32 | Franklin li*4
IX) prefd bi'i'Ogceola 6»
I Tltcnburg prefd. ..137 Parrot 3.v;
I Mexican Cent 12\i!Qutncy 141
j Mich Tel ST^i Santa Fe Copper.. 4>i
1 N E Gas & Coke.. 15<£l Tamarack 190
i Old Dominion lS>ajUtah Mng 26'j
I I'nlon Pac SS'j'Winona 2Hi
%Veat End 32 | Wolverines 3S
* *
Associated Banks' Statement.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
red 79^4c; No. 2 corn, H\ic: No. 2 yellow, 4-4%c;
No. 2 oats, white, flfcc: No. 3. white, 26(5'27He:
No. 2 rye, BS'iSeOc; good feeding barley, 3S®4i'c;
fair to choice malting, 43@48c; No. 1 flaxseed.
Jl SO; No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 80; prime timothy
seed, 13 15; mess pork, per barrel, {12 45^12 50;
laxd, per 1U0 pounds. $B S2%®< S5: short ribs
sides tloose). J6 S5@7 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6*i®7c; short dear sides (boxed). J7 5*1
<5<7 60; whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 23Vj;
sugars, cut loaf, t>v4c; granulated. 6.22c; confec
tioners. A, 6.18; off A. 6.03e; clover, contract
grade, JS.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 7,000.
Wheat, bushels 48,000 1L0O0
Corn, bushels 31S.000 207.0iX>
Oats, bushpls...... 20S.0OO 206.000
Ryo. bushels 1,000
Barley, bushels 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wos steady; creamery, 15fflSHc; dairy.
14c: cheese, dull; S'.iSlOUc; egg*, steady;
I fresh, lie.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 84«
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 8iVa
Sterling Cables — 4 gji^
New-York Exchange, eight — ¦ io
New York Exchange, telegraphic — jiii
Fine Silver, per ounce — ' ni^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4$ft _
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The starch was all out of Chicago
yesterday. The market, lacking support, be
came demoralized, ) everybody | waa frightened
out of It ar.il -'prices', declined. -'Another big
line was abandoned, antmlng that the large
operators wars Kick, of the long side. Tho Min
neapolis Journal estimated tha output of the
three States at- 185,000,000 -bushels," and, -al
though this was considered too high, It had Us
effect. On Friday 800, COO bushels were taken
for shipment
Corn was nervous, with increasing reports of
crop damage." The weather was unfavorable in
Kansas and Nebraska, but there were showers
in Northern Nebraska and South Dakota.
. The local market was off again, both on call
ami In the shipping market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl C5; milling. Jl C7HS
1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— Decembei>-80OO
ctls. Jl 13',;: 2000. Jt 13%: 4000, Jl 13%.
Second Session— December— 40C0 ctls, Jl 13VJ;
SO.OCO, Jl 13.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls, Jl 13V.: 2000, Jl 12%: 8CO0, Jl 13U.
BARLEY— The lack of business makes quo
tations more or less nominal.
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 63®6*V5c for off
grades; Brewirg and shipping grades, 75©SOc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session^— No sales-
Hecend Session— December — 4000 ctls, 73c
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market has been quieter during
the past two or three days, but holders are as
firm as ever.
»Vhlte. Jl 15^1 »; Surprise. Jl 27HS1 33; Red,
Jl 07>4tzl 20; Gray, Jl 10#l 15; Black, Jl 02%t»l 10
per ctl.
CORN— Eastern larj;e Tellow. Jl 17HU1 20 per
ctl: Eastern White. Jl nu-51 20 per ctl; Mixed.
?l l."«71 17%. ¦
KY'E— 924@35c per cti.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. J3 60©3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras. J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and J3 15@3 W for bakers'; Eastern. J4 75S
5 "5 i>er barrel.
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 r<er 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. J7: Corn Meal. J2 7i;
extra cream do. J3 ZO; Oat Groats. J4 50; Hom
iny, J3 6O#3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4g4 2i;
Cracked Wheat. J3 60: Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats <barrels), JS'tf
1 25, in sacks. Jo 733.7: Pearl Barley, Jj; Split
Peas, $5; Gretn Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
As the season advances the conditions gov
erning Hay seem to v.-ork steadily in favor of
higher prices. The crops up north, while net
failures, are nothing extra, and the south will
need supplies from this quarter. The supply
of sown Hay In California is under the re
quirements, and volunteer, of which there is
a large supply, will not take Its place. Dealers
look for a tirm market from now orr and most
of them expect still higher prices. The feeling
at the moment is very firm.
BKAN— Jl* («313 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17S;i> per ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, JH per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 526.S27; jobbing, $27 50
&2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20£21: Corn Meal, J2i 50;
Cracked Ccrn. J25; Mixed Feed. J14.
HAT — 'Wheat. $S WWII for common to good,
Jll 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, J$ 50@ll; Oat,
$7 5089.
NEW HAT-Volunteer, J4 50©S 50; Wheat.
J7 5C"S10 50; Wheat and Oat. JSG10: Oat. J7
<^S SO; Clover. Jl C0S5: Alfalfa. 5Cg7 £0; Barley.
J6!g8 per ton.
STRAW-25'a3?ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation remains unchanged and trade
is dull.
BEANS— Bayos. *2 S5@3: Small "White, J3 35(9
3 40: large White, J2 75^2 90; Pink. J2 5OQ2 90;
Red. ' $2 6<>33; Blackeye, J2 50S3 75- Butters,
nominal: Lima. 15 30@5 40; Pea, J3 41Q3 50; Red
Kidneys. S4 g4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard. 4e; Flax. Jl 80^2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2V£©3c; Hemp, 434«4c; Timo
thy. 4t?-**4c.
DRIKD— PEAS— Nlles. J2 25g2 £0; Green. J2 S
@2 CO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions did better again under a good shipping
demand. Potatoes were weaker. There was
nothing new In Vegetables.
POTATOES— Ga met Cniles. £f>ft70c: New
Early Rose, 50@40c; New Burbanks, iogfioc per
ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 50®63c; Yellow, SOcSJl 10
P< VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c®U 25 per
sack; Jl per crate for Berkeley and I123S1T3
for Alameda: Asparagus, 75c®S3 per box:
Green Peas. 2-g3c per lb: String Beans. 1©
3c: Limas. — ; Cabbage, 4O'g5Oc: Tomatoes. 15^
3Sc per small box; Rivers. 75cffjl 25; Esg Plant,
7Scf:H rer box; Green Okra, 10c; Green
Per per? 40cf?Jl per box for Chill and SOcSJl
for Bell: Dried Fepper«. SSlOc: Carrots. 25«3cc
per sack; Summer Squash, 60®60c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 25935c for Alameda; Garlic,
2Cf3c i*t lb.
Poultry and Game.
Arrivals from the East, as announced by the
local receivers, will not be very heavy during
the first days of the coming week, though some
Is expected.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, J@10o for Gob
lers and l&Qllc for Hens: Geese, per pair. Jl 25:
Ooslinss SI ZZtgi 50: Ducks. J33* for old and
J3 ;03?4 50 for young; Hens, J4@5: young Roos
ter?. $4 MtF6: old Roosters. {3 G0<g4; Fryers, J4;
Broilers. $3ti3 aO for large and SI 75&2 50 for
small: Pigeons. Jl 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
Jt 2i*Tl "•# for S-auabs.
GAME — Nominal. Tha Dove season opens to
morrow.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Errs continue to advance ilowly, and prices
would probably be still higher If there were not
eo many people out of town. This condition
tends to keep the market dull. There is no
change in Butter and Cneese, both being quiet
and In ample supply.
HUITKl:—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 1SHS19C: sec
onds, 17H<??lSc.
Dairy— Fancy. 1«H: Eood to choice, 15!iS16c:
common. 14f?15a
CHEESE— New. «39c: Toung America, 9',a@
10c: Rastern. 16fj;17c: Western. 1.VS16C per TT>.
EGGS- Quoted at 14315c for store and rTVjt?
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14U§13c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Figs are scarcer and higher.
Watermelons are comlne In from Fresno.
Other Helens continue to bring high prices.
Small and poor Apricots are neglected by the
canner*. but snod large stock Is in demand at
full figure*. Peaches are lower. Bartlett
Tears are rather we«k than otherwise. Plums
are Flow. Apples continue the firmest fruit
on the ll?t. Grapes still bring pood prices,
considering that they are green and acur.
Herries were firmer all around.
nKCinrofs fkuits-
AI'RICOTS— 253 jOc per box and crate: In
baskets, £<>53oc and ?5QI0 per ton to the can
nera.
APPLES— ."!0c?Jl fir larce bnxes; Graven-
Oteins. T.ViftJl Io; Crabapples. 25640c per box.
2,V©50c per box; Bnrtletts, SCJfToc In
boxes and J1.V&20 per ton In bulk.
PLUMS— 2<M?4Cc r or box and crate and 2<KJ33c
per basket: in bulk. JWiglo per ton: Prunes,
30<gSflo rer crate nnd SflfiJjc p«r basket.
STRAWBERHIKS- %2 60r^4 ter chest for large
and ?2 5<Wj3 small berrif*.
RASPBEnUIES-$3'57 per chest.
W.ACKBKRrtlKS-^>2«4 per chest.
LOG AX BERRIES— $S per chest.
CURRANTS— tl 6O^?3 50 nor chest.
Hl'CKLRBRRHIKS— S«J<io per lb.
FIOS— Per box, SJ'jjttc for single and ~Zcfj.il
for double layers.
NECTAHIXES — White, WZZOc per box; red,
PEACHES— 20£40c rer box and 201135c per
basket for commen and 20*f?40c per box and
20i?J35c per basket for Crawfords; In bulk. J15©
20 r er ton - .
<iRAPE3— Frcm Arizona, SlfM oO per crate;
Fontalnebleau, from Vacavllle. oOcSJL ¦
MELONS— Nutmeg?, T3cQJl 50 per case and
$1 SOfil 25 per crate; Cantaloupes, $1 5093 per
crate. Watermelons, from Fresno. Jl ZO"St 50
Michaels, $1@2; Va
lenclas. $1 W<32 M; Lemons, %\*i\ 50 for com
mon and $2<U3 tnr Rood to "tralw: Mexican
Limes $5@5 SO; Bananas, 75c©»; DO per bunch;
Pineapples, U 50@3 30 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There are no further developments In tlie
Prune situation In the Santa Clara Valley. The
cutting down of the crop Is due more to the
small elze of the fruit than to drop, which thus
far is not estimated at over 20 per cent, gtlll.
this means a material reduction from previous
estimates. Prices will not be unnounced before
August 1. - Nobody knows what they will be.
Dealers say that no prices for new Peaches
have been fixed. There Is considerable talk
about the market opening at 5c, but this is
mere guees.
UHIUD rRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, m sacks.
414&*V4C for 40-50" s, S?» ! S4c for 50-60' s, 34<f3\c
for 60-70's. S'iftSHc for 70-SO"*, S|f3Vic for 80-5?s
and 2*ifi3c for 90-lOO's: Peaches. 44ig4*ie for
Standards. Sc for choice and 5Ug6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10«I2He: Evaporated Apples,
5 l i96c; sun-dried. 3??4c per. lb: Pears. Z^H^c
for dark and 7«8c for bright halves: "Black
Figs. l»;<S*c; White Flsrs ;S3c; Bleached
Plums, 7Vtc; Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
and l\4c f-vr unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6£7Hc per tb.
• RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancv. per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, Sc; prime. 6o: un
bleached Thompson's, per rb, 6c. Sultana*—
Fancy, per lb, *\*c; choice. 7'4c: #tandard. «V4c;
prime. 5c; unbleached ,Siiltana.«. 5c: Seedless,
ffl-tb boxes. 5o; 2-crown.' Jwose Muscatels, 6'iu;
S-crowD, 6 1 »c; 4-crown, 7c; London I^ayers. I
crown, Jl 50 per box: S-crown. Jl m. Fancy
Clusters, tf: Dehesa. $2 DO; Imperial, J3. AH
prices are t. o. b. at common shlpplnj points
in California.
» NUTS— "Walnuts, Si©9e for Standards and !>{»
10c for softshells; Almon.Js. HHtrl2c for paper
shell, 9£10e for soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 6^@i5*ic for Eastern and Be for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts. 7HCSc; Filberts, 12©12l4c;
Pecans. mfl3c: Cocoanuts, $3 £0^5.
HONEY— Comb, 12^®13c for bright and 110
12c for light amber: water white, 7V4OTttc; Hint
amber extracted. 6^97c: dark. <c per lb.
BEESWAX— 345S6o per lb. ..
Provisions. 1 '* *
The "market continues to exhibit midsummer
dullness and prices are unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, l*810He rer lb for
heavy, lOViOlOVic for light medium, lliic for
light. 12Hc for extra light and 144c for suear
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hanu, 123Uc:
Mess Beef, 112 per bbl; extra Mess. J1J: Fam
ily. $14: extra Prime Pork. J15: extra clear. $19;
Mess, J1S 60; Smoked Beef. 12H<J13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
S*ic: 10-lb tins. 9i;e; 5-lb tins. 9-*»c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. rHe: three I
half barrels. S\c: one tierce. SHo; two tierces,
S'»c: five tterces. S^c p«r lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hop cror> prospects In the East are reported
less favorable, owing to drought, and as the
outlook In California is for a reduced ylek!
the market rclea steady, though there Is not
much golr.g on. There U nothing new in Wool
and Hides, both being dull and weak.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culla and brands sell
»bput lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
8?ic; medium. 8Hc: light. 8V»c; Cowhides. SHc:
Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf. 9c; Dry Hides,
sound, 16c :? culls and brands. 13c; Dry Kip,
He; Dry Calf, 26c: Sheepskins. Shearlings, 20@
30c each: short 'Wool. 30^iCc each: medium, 60
680c; long Wool, SOcigJl 10 each; Horse Hides.
salt. J2S2 25 for laree. Jl 73 for medium. II for
small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 50
for large. II :"• for medium, il for small and 23
CSOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skir.s. 3jc; fall or medium skin*. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c:
laree am! smooth. oOc: medium. &c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. I.
3c: rellr.eii. lh~c: grease. 252 : jc.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. H^lSc; Northern <lef«ctlve. 139
14c; Middle Ouinty. free. 14ait>c: Middle County,
defective. 12S14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 11012e; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. lOtt 12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. Srillc: Humhnldt and Mendociao.
I6QIS0; Nevada. ISOMe per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joagu'n Ijimb*'. 839c p*r lb.
HOPS— Nominal at SO19C per lb; new, 10311c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are easy at the slight decline already
noted. Other descriptions are featureless.
BKEF 5®6Hc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, SH£3c; small, S^SlOVio per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7Vt3Sc; ewes, 7@7%c per
round.
LAMB— gprlnp. 8\i«?3o per lb.
rOHK— IJve Hoss. 6c for small, S^CSTic
for medium and S'jgC^c for large: stock Hogs
and feeders. 5Sc; dressed Hogs. »3SViC.
Gcncral Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Dag". S3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bag'. G*ic; Wool Bass, 2SH'332Hc;
Fleece Twir.e, 7'?c; Fruit Bags, 6'5g6»ic for
white and S'.i^S'ie for bleached Jute.
COAI-r— Welllr.g5ton. JS per ton: SouthfleM
%Velllnston, S'j: Seattle. J£: Bryant. Ji; Coob
Hay, I", 50: Wallsend. JS; Co-operative Wall-
send, JS; Cumberland. SIS tn bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14. Can
nel. 111 per ton: Coke. |1« peT ton In bulk and
J1S In sacks: Castle Gate and Kook Springs,
ii 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quctes. per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.10c; Powdered.
6.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry Granulated.
6.60c; Confectioners* A 5.60c; Magnolia A,
5.20c- Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C. Be; barrels. 10c
more: haif-barrels. 23c more: boxes. £0c more;
5<>-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Duninos,
half-b«rrels, 6.S5c; boxes, «.60c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY. JULY 14.
Flour, qr sks.... 12.475 Hide?, No tel
Wheat. ctU 1.2»i> Pelts, bdls IS-".
Barley, ctls 7.61.VKft;rs doz 2l.9<»
Oats, ctls 9^0 Hay. tons em
Corn, ctls LSlSiStrsir, tons 2>
rheese, ctls in Wool, bags i
Tallow, ctls ?T.s. Onions, sks ir>
¦Wine. ca!s 33.2->"> Bran, sks l.SST.
Lime, bis 302 Jll.irtllngs, skt.... 5T.
Sugar, bMs 173 Totatoea, sks S.SRJ
Sugar, »ks 4.100 Eeans, sks 826
Leather, rolls ... 3C
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 11.021 Bran sks 4,",.'<>
Wheat. ct!s 3.00<i MlddlinRs. sks... 235
Oats, ctls S30 Shorts. sk> 1.SS0
THE SA^T FBA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ICEW TORK, July 14.— The f=c!e Interest at
taching to to-day's market ws? ar. example of
tfullnees. In that reepeet it was a true Index
cf the speculative condition, which Is cne of
entire uncertainty an*! lack of conviction. Even
the professional trader* who have constituted
tttfilltt— the champions cf certain stocks
during the week were not In evijence and
czi'.y PTTjaJl trades between the regular fre- i
<;uet:Tere of the floor were mad* at any time.
Offerirss to kQ made unusually large Inroads |
on prices, twvauFe no one stood ready to buy |
ex.-i any demand to buy caused a rapid advance j
because no one was on hand to sell. Most cT
the board rr.prr.be.rs wprc out of town for a
holiday, confident that nothing that could oc
cur would Induce any sudden activity to de- j
vel^p. Boose desultory eCorts were mait to ¦
advance Union Pacific by making bids for th« j
next Olvldr-nd on a Fpecified r.urr.bcr of shares |
t ¦ m. hlpher figure than the prevailing dividend I
rate. But these efforts secured little atten- I
liun. The rr.arket was as a whole lower tha l j
"f.ft r.ipV.t when the back statement appearid. |
There »a* Fome little buying then to cover |
ehort*. Sterling Exchange market was noir.- i
lnal as usual on a Saturday, but the j
posted rat<-« ft r demand sterling were advanced ;
'fi<i In res; or.se to the rise In London discount*, j
It Is pretty certain t'.ot these developments •
forcfhidnw «.n advance in the Bank of Eng- I
land rr.lrr.Irr.um rflsrcunt rate and export fcf
gold from New York next «wk.
l*r'.c(r» of stork* ate hijrher again th!i> week, I
but the, movemt-r.t was v»-i-y irr«'Ku!ar and the
highett prices w«-re DOC maintained in any !
caee. The movement was practically a da;>:i- ;
catlnn cf that of Ian we«k and gave every
appear* nee of hating been altnort entirely in !
rirofe^slonal „¦ .- »nd umicr manipulation. It •
la evident i!:at there haa been formed a pri>
fcrloT»al ball itrty. which :» clearly more a*- !
grrKSlve and commands greater resources than
any movement that ha« been active for some •
time pa»t.
As the <-r>rr.-carryinr roads are berefited by
the romr-aratlveiy favorable result! of the win-
Icr Wheat crop, the bulls found In that ffroup,
and especially in I'nion X J cciflc. the most ef
fective fie!H for manipulation. Here air! there
in the ppe^laltlps was found a *tof k which "tad
advanced « j asi!y and brought out little i-ellfntj. j
Another matter wh'ch Jlsappolnred the ex- j
pectation of the l>car>s \va« the small efTect j
produced on the money market, by the unex- |
pectedly weak bank rtattfment for the ).t?t '
trerk. It was ttiXtd by som* of the fj-eirn f
exchange houiwE early In the week that they
ml^ht ehip *ro!d by «hia m-e^Ii's et«?aner. tlmr. !
making further inro^dw upon the cash res-rves j
ot the New York banks. But when Fteutner I
day arrived the expected FhlpirentB were not •
asnoun'-ed. ov.-lng to the fall in foreign »lj»- j
court* hav-ing drori'ed out the profit on this
•ransaction. It la rr^flbie that t(w r.-iited
htstee may have to Fupply large foreljrr. re
quircmenti" for g&M scrr.e time in tlie future.
For the time l«-:r.« the «esso::'> recelpli! of
Klendik* xrolfl are in j-rotpect lor the replen
l?hrr.»*ct of N»w Tork har.k reaerve* and the
exaction* cf the Sub- Treasury u^on the money
market for taking up 6tirpluB re»er\-e« are un
expecte^ljr light, owing to payments of pea-
Bless and i r» siurr.s on refosded bonds. It Is
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
The bark Tropte Bird cleared yesterJay f-r
Papeeie with a carpo cf rer.eral rr.TCtar.iise
valued at JT.«:i. which tncluflei the following:
13.723 Its E-jfar. 4«7 c« fiap, W cs oil. S3? ctl*
barley. 17 crs btejnotaa and sundries. 64 cs hard
ware" Cr< c* dry g»-*jF. " 5 bale* rait. 6 cs eplit
I*a*. 9 cs kr.tels. U cs shoes. 14 Mis iron pipe.
a bb'.s tran. C is tir.uare. 30 crs sewlns raa
ch!n«t. 1137 pa!= wine. 116 pkjrs groceries ar.l
rrovjsior.-. :i sks potatf>ce. 26 crs onior.s. 31
tils wheat. 1S.7I3 lbs bread. « cs cheese, 3?S5
Iba lard. 2<53 rs canned coeds. 5 pkgs wagon
material. EX.000 '.'¦ ¦ r'.r«*. S cs suitionery. 4 c»r
t-~ys «jcm. r. c« tuipeuttoe. ip c» raint. M cs
: ails, 15 <^ candles. 23 cs coal oil. £3 bils cord
cpe, 202 ca canoed salmon. 2s bJls brooms. 10,
<-. ehinei^s. BJ eks bear.*. 6 cs drag?. EO.C79 ft
lirsbpr 34 bdla r>ar»or. ES pkrs mill wcrk. 114i
fcUs flour, :3 cs lamps. It pk*a luraiture.
Nezu York Grain and Produce
California Fruit Sales.
GRIPFLE CREEK ILLUSTRATED !
A creat- volume. JUST OCT. Nearly U0 pho-
to-eqirravisKs of cold mining icenes; also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill. or» prcduced. dividend*, etc. ABSO-
LUTELY DISINTERESTED. The edition coat
tl.OOA to issue. To Introduce oar bi» illus-
trated weekly family paper (founded l«v>) <r«
•will »end you a copy of. "CRIPPLE CREEK
ILLUSTRATED" and our paper 13 w«k» on
trial for 2Sc. Clubs of .V JL Stamps taken.
Latest mining news and Western stories. Rater
to the editor of thla paper. Addreaa
ILLUSTRATED .WESKX/r. Den^r. O>K
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
WILL SELL TO-MOnr.OW, MONDAY, at n
o'clock a. m.. at SK. CORNER WEBSTKK
and GEARY STS.. tha STO«'K and FIXTURES
of a first-cla»3 and new grrK-ery anil bar.
KM1L COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION fe>
MONDAY. July 18. 11 o'clock, of HORSES at
SXITZER'S STOCKYARDS. Twelfth and
Harrison sts. S. AVATKINS. Auctioneer.Verdict of Accidental Bcatli.
The Coroner's jury at the Inquest yes
terday on the body of Fred A. McNally
returned a verdict that he died from the
effects of an overdose of morphine acci
dentally administered by himself for th©
purpose oJ inducing sleep. ilcNally lived,
at 106 Chattanooga street.
Cited for Contempt.
United States District Judge de Haven
issued a citation yesterday commanding
Eugene S. Wright to appear In court
on Saturday morning-. July 23, at 10
o'clock, and show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt for having
failed to deliver a gray horse on th« or
der of the referee in the bankrupt «3ta.te
of G. Principiano.
An educational innovation, which Is de
signed especially for the young teachers
of the city and for those parents who de
sire a special training for their children,
will be made July 30 at the Le Cont©
School by President Frederic Burk of the
San Francisco State Normal School. On,
that date a model grammar school will
be opened in the Le Conte School on Pow
ell street, between Washington and Pa
cific. The Board of Education has of
fered President Burk every aid in carry
ing out his idea and as a first demonstra
tion of interest in the matter has given
him the use of the building.
This school will provide the same course
of studies as the public schools, but the
small size of the classes, which will be
limited to twerlty pupils each, will make
it- possible for every student and teacher
to keep in close touch with the course of
work to be followed. In addition there
Classes Are to Be limited to Twenty
Pupils Each, With Manual
Training a Special
Feature.
President Burk Is to Inaug
urate New Feature at
the Le Conte.
MODEL GRAMMAR
SCHOOL TO HELP
YOUNG TEACHERS
Voters, Attention.
Register at once. Office open 8:30 a. m.
to 10 p. m. continuously after July 15,
1900. . •
The body of the man recovered from
the bay last Friday night was Identified
at the Morgue yesterday by Frank An
derson as that of Frank Powell, a room
er in Anderson's house at 337 Jessie
street. Powell was a widower, and had
been sick for two years. He had been
employed formerly as a guard In the
State penitentiary at Folsom. It Is be
lieved that he fell overboard while walk
ing along the wharves, he having become
very feeble.
Trank Powell Drowned.
OIL MEN LIKELY
TO APPEAL FROM
ROSS DECISION
Authority of Commissioner of General
Land Offlce In Ordering "With
drawal Questioned — Opera
tions of Prospectors.
1
The claimants to oil lands in the State
of California affected by the recent de
cision of Judge Ross at Los Angeles num
ber thousands. Among the claims to
which the decision applies are some of the
finest oil properties In the State. The de
cision has caused excitement from one
end of the State to the other. Those who
as placer locators rested secure In the be
lief that the withdrawal of lands from
entry temporarily by the authorities at
Washington meant that they were fav
ored as against the scrlppers are now
sorry they did not send a man to Wash
ineton long ago to care for their inter
ests. The scrlppers are jubilant, but there
Is general expectation that an appeal will
be taken from Judge Ross' decision.
The interests involved amount to mil
lions. A conservative estimate would be
520,000,000 posslblj, based on the theoretical
ami prospective value of lands that a few
years ago were worth, in several sections
at least where oil has since been discov
ered,'only a nominal price. In the Federal
courts and in the United States Land OI-,
flcti are great numbers of cases undecided.
In, which the Issue is practically the same
as that involved In the Olive Land \ and
i Development Co. vs. William H. Olmstead
et al., which is the case decided by Judge
Ro^h These are scattered throughout Los
Angeles, Santa Barbara. San Bernardino.
Kern, Fresno and other counties where
the placer locator has been and has found
the scripper. • -. .*
i There are two classes of scrlppers in
fact, If not before the law. One class is
made up of those who have surrendered
lands to the Government and have Im
mediately claimed other . lands In lieu.
The other class of scrippers' Includes
those who never had any Government
latid originally, but who have • bought
scrip at one rate or another. These scrip
purchasers have paid brokers In this city
or elsewhere at the rate of $5 per acre.
Where they will come out is another ques
tion if the Ross decision is sustained.
Two lawyers employed by the Southern
Pacific Company were concerned In a suit
in which the scrlppers and the placer lo
cators were opposed, some time ago.
There is a suspicion among the placer lo
cators that the Southern Pacific Company
is concerned in the final outcome of oil
Ross decides ir. the most positive
terms that those who have surrendered
Government lands and taken others In
lieu have good title. Scrippers may enter
upon almost any alleged mineral claim
and, if the mineral entry Is first made,
the scripper holds the title if the mineral
(oil) has not been already demonstrated
to exist in the claim. This is in accord
ance with a ruling of the Secretary of the
Interior and also with a prior decision In
the Federal court, which made actual
discovery of oil the only* tenable basis on
which the- placer locator, could-, hold the
land. ¦ * :-.-"»-.:'i- ¦> -¦; ¦¦? s^ •¦''•;¦ ;
Many original placer locators took time
by the forelock some time ago, when a
cloud of trouble appeared on their hori
zon and covered their land, already, locat
ed under the placer mining law, vwlth
scrip, purchased. from brokers, that they
might hold on, no matter which way, the
question was finally - decided. ¦.: There: are
companies that have incorporated and
sold stock on the basis of. placer claims
before the Interior Department made it»
famous ruling and . they - are ¦ now : in ; ¦,
Myriads of Mineral Claims
Are Rich Prizes Now ¦
in Jeopardy.
finding- oil in the land taken by the scrip
per was of no importance, nor, he says, is
it of any importance in view of the pro
visions of the statute under consideration,
that the selection here in question may
have been made in the hope of finding oil
in the land. The statute conferring the
right of selection does not make that right
in any way depend upon the Intent with
which It is made. (Iron Silver Mining
Company vs. Reynolds. 124. U. S., 374; Sul
livan vs. Iron Silver Mining .Company, 143
U. S. v . 431.) Should doubt exist as to the
character of any of the public lands stand-
Ing upon the books of the local land of
fices as open to settlement, to which no
valid right has attached, it is undoubtedly
within the power of the officers of the
General I^and Office to withdraw them
from settlement or sale pending an in
quiry as to their true character. And such
action, it is understood, has recently been
taken by the Land Department in respect
to some of the public lands in California,
which surface indications and the charac
ter of adjacent lands tended to show are
oil lands. ' Lands so withdrawn are, of
course, not open to settlement, and there
fore not subject to selection- under the act
of June 4, 1897, in lieu of any land relin
quished to the United States. But they
continue open to exploration for minerals,
and when mineral Is found therein to loca
tion under the'mining laws if the land be
at the time' unappropriated. And even
where such discovery is made subsequent
to a prior location, if the location be oth
erwise valid that fact is held to be Imma
terial,' provided.- always, that no rights
of others have.. Intervened before compli
ance by. the locator with all of*the statu
tory requirements. (Nevada-Sierra Oil
Company vs. Home Oil Company, supra,
and cases there cited.)
Not much comfort is derived by placer
locators on oil land from. the remarks of
Judge Ross concerning the exemption of
lands withdrawn, because they question
the authority of the ComnrhiKlQner of the
General Land Offlce to order. such with
drawal. As far back as March 23 last
Judge John M. Wright, speaking before
the executive committee of the California
Miners' Association, advocating the pro
posed amendment to the petroleum act of
February 11, 1SS7. said:
The. Commissioner of the General Land Office
has undertaken to suspend the operation of the
land lawn on those various tracts. Has he a
right to prevent any man from going upon
that land?" Merely" to * state "fhls" question sug
gests an, answer; and it . certainly suggests
that'thSs suspension .can last but a short time
and that.. when it is removed, something muat
be ready to take Its place or the difficulties
that have been encountered will once again
confront every, man who wants land In those
regions and more difficulties besides.
Klfty-eight thousand oil shares were
sold In Los Angeles on 'change on the 8th
inst."
Another oil wharf is projected at Sum
merland. It will be GOO feet long and will
parallel the beach.
Oil' prospectors have failed to find oil
on the east side of the Los Angeles River.
The Bakersfield Caltfornlan reports
that. ¦ contrary to expectation, the wells
In the Kern River district are growing
better with age.
The Monarch Company ha.«, according
to reports, a flowing well at Sunset. The
strike was made at the depth, so reported,
of 4G0 feet.
The rise in the price of land in the Kern
River district, according to the Bakers
field Callfornian, has been followed by an
increase in the demands of owners when
making leases. The usual royalty at first
w-as one-eighth, but it is now greater, a
recent deal having been closed at a rate
of 33 1-3 per' cent of the product.
There Is a. well in the Fullerton district
with a peculiar history. - At DOO feet a
large flow of "gas was encountered. All
that could be used then for lighting and
fuel • was piped off. The gas has been
found in several pockets since and
enough is going to waste to turn a great
many wheels. ¦ . .
The report of the*- amount of business
transacted on the floor of. the Los Ange
les OH Exchange . during the. month of
June elves the total number of shares
that changed hands at 283,612, the total
value being $142,65008. *
The "Weekly Shasta Courier says that
no oil has been struck in that section.
"Several . new schemes have material
ized," it says. "The fellow who has act
ually struck lt, not counting grease spots
and indications, seems • to be about as
scarce as the fellow who struck. Billy Pat
tersOn.i.If.tliisMs.a land flowing with. oil,
let's get in and prove It pretty, quick.
Wind augers . and sensational write-ups
may create a ripple of excitement with
the general puuuc, but lt will not pene
trate the, sandstone^ to any great extent.
One real oil well . would do more for an
oil boom than a million spouting ayndl
cates."ta|&®sss5*?jKaasefti*5s«^ig
will be a special manual trainlcs plant
and an exceltent library of supplementary
reading. The geography classes are to
be instructed in model making, as will
also be the class In natural science.
The Normal School students will still
be sent into the public schools but each,
will in turn teach in the model school,
where conditions will be more favorable
for young teachers. There will also bo
no tuition charge, the classes to be fre©
to as many as can be provided for. Presi
dent Burk desires all parents intending
to send children to the Model School to
apply not later than July 23.
The staff of the Model School will con
sist in part of Professor Percy Davidson,
principal: Miss Alma Patterson, directress
of primary work: Walter Kenyon. direct
or of manual work: Miss E. B. McFadden
and Miss Estelle Carpenter, musical di
rectors. Professor Burk will probably
handle the mathematical classes.
President Burk has also arranged. In
connection with the Xormal School, for
a course of lectures on educational topics
to be given there. All teachers ar» In
vited to attend and In order to make lt
convenient for as many as possible to
reap the advantages of tho course tho
lectures will not begin until 3:30 o'clock
p. m. Among the lecturers will be Presi
dent Jordan of Stanford and H. Weln
ftock. president of the Educational Com
mission. Professor C. B. Brown of Stan
ford will deliver a course on "Ethics."
Professor Elmer C. Brown of Berkeley
and Professor Cubberly of Stanford win
also give courses on subjects o£ Import
ance to every teacher.
quandary. It will be seen that there are
elements enough to make up a good sized
and very bitter controversy yet.
The decision of Judge Ross came to
many, like a thunderbolt from a clear
/sky. .Only last week the Han ford Jour
nal, for Instance, was advising placer
claimants that there was an Indication
that the lands withdrawn from . entry
would soon be thrown open. The Los An
geles Times, reviewing the Judge Ross
decision, describes it as "startling." No
decision in years has involved greater
present and prospective interests in this
State.
Some placer locators who reside in this
city have believed that the scripper must,
in order to hold lieu lands, make affi
davit that such lands are agricultural.
Judge Ross was emphatic on the point
therein involved. The only condition that
is imposed upon the scripper in making
his selection is that he takes lands "va
cant and open to settlement." The text
of the decision on that point is as follows:
The power to select is by the statute given
to the party who is invited to make the ex
change, provided always that he confine* his
selection to the class of lands described in the
statute, to wit: Those vacant and open for
settlement. No other condition la imposed by
the statutes. '
Judge Ross also decided that the hope of
tlons. neir registrations, transfers and can
cellations.
As to Primary Elections.
By the addition of fifteen ney sections
to the Political Oode by aot approved March
3. 1SS!I (Statutes 1VX*. page 47), a new scheme
for the holding of primary .-lections Is pro
vided. In so far us this inuuiry is con
cerned, it Is only necessary to state that
the register and supplements thereto to be
used at the primary election* so provided
tlcal Code* This Eection is exactly similar
to section HIS of the Political Code, above
referred to. ,
There had i,rt then been up to and includ
ing March 3. 1SS9. in so far as registers and
nupi'lenientt thereto to be used at the State
rrinjury elections were concerned, any
change, and what has been said with refer
ence to the register and supplemental reg
ister provided for l>y section 111S of the Po
litical Cede applied with equal force to sec
tion 1375 of tne Political Code, as above
stated.
Changes in the Form.
On March 4. 1S?3, by an act of the Legis
lature approved on that day, but taking
effect January 1, 1900, certain changes were
made in the" form of the registers to be
used at elections throughout the State, and
likewise .is to the time for registration.
Inder this new scheme the register is in
the form of affidavits (1103 and 1H3, Political
Code Statutes IWK page «J2>. which must
"within fifteen days after the last day of
registration" be bound by the clerk.
Within five days after the binding of these
affidavit.^: of registration the clerk must pre
pare »n index of each book (section 1115,
Political Code. Statutes 1SSW. page 62) and
must before the day of election, have de
livered to the Board of Election tn each pre
cinct one of such books of affidavits, which
should constitute the register to be used at
Euch election.
Political Code Amended.
Section 1CS4 of the Political Code was like
wise amended (Statutes 1839, page «'), and
as amended required that In "each even
numbered year" " a new and complete reg
istration of the voters" of the State should
be had. Such registration was to begin on
the first day of January of such years and
shall be In proeress at all times, except
forty days immediately preceding any elec
tion, when lt shall cease, but transfers from
one creclnct or ward to another in the same
county may be made at any time, except
twenty-five days immediately preceding any
such election.
Section 10S3 of the Political Code was like
wise amended fPtautes 1859. page 60), the
only change being the substitution of the
phrase "and who has conformed to the law
place of the phrase "and whose name should
be enrolled on the great register of such
county fifteen days prior to an election,"
after "the words "thirty days." As stated
the amendments to' the sections mentioned
by act approved March 4. U99. took effect
January 1, 1W0. Hence, under section 1094
registration of voters commences on the
first day of January "in each even-num
bered vear." but not time is specificaily
provided for the last day of registration
mentioned in section 1113 of the Political
Code, supra, other than a general provision
that the regit-tration shall cease forty and
twenty-five days immediately preceding any
election. It is evident that the Legislature
Intended that registration should cease "for
the year" forty and transfer twenty-five
days before the general election held In the
even-numbered years.
Time Limit Specified.
Unless the l^eislature intended that the
registration and transferrine were complete
hpve required the affidavits of registration
to be bound in book form within fifteen
dnys after the last day of resistration and
indexed within five days thereafter; nor
can it be presumed that all who desire to
vote .it the comlne general ejection in No
vember have reeistered forty days prior to
the second Tuesday of August. lfiOO. the date
of the approaching primary election.
Furthermnre, by section 136S of the Politi
cal Code ad-ied in is;<9. primary elections
shall be conducted, managed and controlled
in the same manner as an election for State,
district, etc., officers, except as otherwise
provided in part III. title 11, chapter 54.
By section 1261 of the Political Code, the
election board must seal and direct to the
County Clerk the copy of the register used
at the election. By section 126S of the
Political Code, as sor.n as the returns of the
election are canvassed the Clerk must file
the reeister returned in his office.
Special Provision Made.
Accordingly we find that the legislature
has specially provided for the register to
be used at primary elections in case regis
tration in the even-numbered years, as pro
vided by section 1054 of the Political Code,
ehouM not be completed at the time of hold-
Ing the primary election. Section 1375 of
the Political Code, surra, after providing
for the qualifications of electors at primary
elections reads as follows:
'"Provided, that where a new registra
tion pursuant to law is not completed in
tlrr.e sufficient t~> permit of its use at the
next ensuing primary election, then the
register used at the last general election In
any county or city and county in this State
may be used at any primary election, to
gether with supplemental registers or ad
ditions, ehowlng all additional registration
changes and corrections made eince the
last general registration."
Terms Well Defined.
As heretofore stated, the terms "register"
ar.d "supplemental reElaters" were well de
fined and understood terms when section
1375 of the Political Code was adopted. The
amendments to section 1094 of the Political
Cod", requiring re-regiFtratlon commencing
January 1. U00. and to the other sections of
the Political Code chansine the form of the
rrgiFters to be used at the election through
out the State, were not adopted until March
4. lf?9. to take effect January 1, 1300
1S99. page 69). whereas, section
1375 of the Political Code was in effect
March 3. 18?3 (Statutes 1S93. page 47).
"While it is true section 1«>4 providing; for
the registers was amended and section 1114
providing for the supplemental registers
wan rcr>ealed, said amendment»and repeal
taking effect January 1, liWO. jet. never
theless, in arriving at tne true meaning of
these words, an used In section 1375, supra,
under well settled rules of statutory con
struction, we are. entitled to refer to these
sections as they stood at the time of the
adoption of section 1373.
The Laws Harmonize.
Tills construction harmonizes all of the
sections o" the code herein referred to and
doe* violence to none..
I therefore concur with you in thft opinion
that under eection 1375 of the Political Code,
it Is the duty of the officers who prepare
registers for the general election to pre
pare Fupplements (•¦) the reglFter used at
the last general elec,tlrn. Such supplement
ehall show all additional registrations,
ehansce and corrections which do not ap
pear on the rrBifter at the, la?t general elec
tion. Kuch puppl<?mt nt should be prepared
in form corresponding to the register u»,ed
at the laj?t eenetal election, and the register
used at the lant general election, together
with such supplement, shall be the register
which must be used at the primary election
to be held on the second Tuesday of Augrust.
1300.
The constitutionality of the "Stratton
Primary Law," so called, is now before
the SuDreme Court for decision. In cltlne
th* provisions of this law we have nece»
fiarlly assumed that it is a valid enactment.
t'pon this question, however, we express no
opinion.
You have also discussed the question of
the qualifications of an elector in "order to
permit him to vote et the cominp State
primary election in Aujru&t, but I have
been unable, at this writing, to srive the
matter sufficient attention to permit me to
pass upon the question. I would therefore
require further time. Very truly yourw,
TIRET L. FORD. Attorney General.
By WM. M. ABBOTT.
Deputy Attorney General.
e— a TTOREN'Y GENERAL, TIREY L.
// \\ FORD, upon a report made by
jl \ Deputy William M. Abbott, has for.
warded to J. J. Allen, District At
torney of Alameda County, an opinion ot
no email Importance. Mr. Allen wished
the views Of the Attorney General as to
what register should be used at the com
ing primary election, to be held next fall,
the one used at ihe last general election
or the one now In process of formation.
On account of the Dalton-Metcalf contest
!n Alarrsoda this poir.t had to be decided
6t an early hour, and upon the views of
the Attorney General theAlameda officials
will act. The Attorney General holds. In
Bubstance. that the register to be used at
the coming: primaries is the one employed
at the last Roneral election, together with
the supplemental additions made thereto.
This opinion is of much importance to
every election officer In the State, many
of whom were left In doubt after the
passage cf the Stratton primary law. It
Is of special interest in all Congressional
districts where there are contests. The
Attorney General's opinion Is here given:
Befers to the Code.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 13. 1900.
J. J. Alien. District Attorney, Alaroed*
Ccumj. Oakland. OU.-Dear Sir: Your fa
vor or July 3. UK*", inclosing copy of opin
ion dated July *. I.«C0, to Hon. F. C. Jordan,
County I'lTk of Alameda County, relative
to the register to be up<*d in the State pri
mary election to I* held in August. 1900.
received. You rp<4UP6t t ii*? views of t bis
cfece uj>on the question.
In reply j>--rn:it me to say that by Fectlcn
1U!> of the Political Code (Statutes JSS&. page
ii>. in efl>et March 1. 1SW. it Is provided
that qualification and registration for pri
mary elections fTiould tie subject to the same
tests and governed by the same rules and
repulatioMt as are in the constitution and
Political Cttde of this State, lt is the duty
of proper officers to furnish "the register
B.nd fupplfitients thereto" for use at such
j.rirnary flection, provided that where a new
registration, a* provided by law. is not
completed in r>oint of time for use at next
ensuing primary election, then the reglB
ter us^d at last general election Is to be
tised, together with supplemental register*
or additions. Fhowlr.e all additional re^'i
tratior.s, chance* or corrections since last
general registration.
Supplements to the Register.
The resist er mentioned in section 1118 of
the FcUUcal Co<ie and the one required by
Jaw. March 1. 1SV' 1 . is j;rovid«-d for by eec
tion J' 1 ** of the Political Code, as amended
in ISK, ar.d if the regi«ter used at the last
general election prior to March 1, 18??.
The surjilpmrats to the regimer, which
the officer in charjre of recistration must
yurnifh. a? requir«*d by section 1118 of the
roiiticn! <"<->de, are prortded by section 1114
cf the PdliticaJ «."ode. a? amrnded in 1SS5.
Thi? section ]irovidp«i that in countie* In
¦which a new registration should not have
been or<!Tihi in any »-ven-numbered years •
the County Clerk or rerponF charged with
t!ie repift ration of voters should keep* a book
to b* known "as the pupplcmfntal register,"
in which fjiould be entered all changes since
the laet printed register, including all addi-
Interpretation of the Statutes and Recent Legis
lative Amendments to State Election Laws.
Qualifications of Voters.
Attorney General's Opinion Clears
Up Doubts of Many as to the
List to Use.
OLD REGISTER FOR
THE FALL PRIMARY
THE SAN IJRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 15, 1900*
40
on the sole, with the trade-
mark.
The "Just as Good," or
those represented to be
"SOROSIS/' or made on
"SOROSIS" models, are
merely attempts of unscru-
pulous dealers to trade on
"SOROSIS" fame.
FORTY STYLES.
SHOES AND OXFORDS.
Price, the world over,
$¦3.50
9 a Pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
5O THIRD STREET. S. F.,
SECOND SHOE STORE
FROM MARKET, •
We prepay del: very charges on at
Sorosis Shoes enumerated in Cata-
logue to any part of the United States,
CATALOGUE HEADT.
At no other place in San
Francisco can "SOROSIS"
Shoes be bought. The gen-
uine are branded
AI5V2BTI3E2IENTS.
The total distance of the projected Capo
to Cairo railroad In Africa Is 6664 miles.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
PRICES WERE Hf Sjt BJ AQ TUCV ARC
NEVER SO f§) m\ m\ iiniu
LOW:::::: 1 Sf NOW,
After Stock-Taking Prices.
TAILOR-MAnF spring jackets to close at
IHiLun mHUL OUIIOi $2 95, $3.50, $4 and $5.
THEY ARE POSITIVE BARGAIXS.
$ 5 - 00 * dressTkibts.
ALL-WOOL. NAVY AN'D BROWN IX-
VISIBLE CHECK TAILOR SUIT3. O1 AK
Eton effect, jacket llne.l with silk serge. JS I Mf)
skirt lined with good percaline— to close «f/*»w»
at •" * 95.OO A LL-WOOL BLACK AND BROWN CirE-
. VIOT SKIRTS, thorough lined, regular
(J>Q Qt i Price $4 50— to close at SlJKi
PURE WOOL GRAY AND BLUE GOLF- O^t»Tt0»
ING CLOTH SUITS, jacket silk or satin ~' .
j lined, tome apDllqued. some velvet re- BLACK • CREPON SKIRTS, very stylish
--•vere, latest -¦• Eton effect,- former price pattern, value J7— to dose at $4.45
J15-to close at ;...;....... »1>.O5 - , "^ < *
c>i 5 no. 5)o.UU.
*P NEW TRAMPING SKTRTS eleeant nine
BLACK BROADCLOTH TAILOR-MADE at JJ-Speclal leader at.... aa O«
SUITS. 1 Eton effect, jacket taffeta lined. . '"T ••«?«•""
skirt mercerised, a very stylish suit, NOMINAL PRICES for balance of SHTRT
former price J25-to close at «15.OO WAISTS. UNEN SKIRTS AND SUITS.
EADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public lor SO years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, 'Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, Tothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drugsUta.
4- Room Furniture
FOR $98.
EE3ROOM- Eeflrtsom cet. 7 plecea, hardwood;
1 coo4 Wire tr;irir.K. 1 sckxI Top Mattress. 1
Pair PUlcms.
JV.KIjOI'.— 5 piece* OaJc or Mahogany Uphol-
I31N1NG-KOOM-1 HtrdKwd Extension Table.
i Oak Chairs.
IUTCHEN-1 Patent Table, 1 No. 7 Btori, S
Chain. '+i '.-
"Ho *xtra charge on er»fi!t.
— MAKE YOTJTl OVTN TERMS. —
Open Evenings.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Opening:. of the new Walkover Shoe
Store. Baldwin Annex, Monday. Fine mu-
sic Drop In. •
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
I Six Storits High . :
i\X\\\.|r ;_^ j
1 ¦ - ; - lS&3 iSSt^* ' I
j India Window Saat in Golden j
• or Flemish Oak or Mahogany |
I Finish. Upholstered in Gobelin j
I Tapestry effjets. An harmoni- j
I ous combination of art & use- j
I fulness for any home. Strong j j
I material, graceful design; one •
1 odd piece of hundreds gj qq |
I - - Our six stories of home-comforts {
I has a stone front, but there's a ;
j- human welcome for you within. •
j Drapery Department— Constantly j
} adding the newest and latest effects f
« and designs to make "the : home ;
I .and comfortable..... |
J Lace Curtains alone are worth a j
j visit just to look at— $1 up to $125 ;
J — Genuine Battenbers:, & Arabian J
hand made, - Irish Point. Point de \
Calias, etc. |Madras in the richest f
tints &.• Oriental designs, up to $10. \
CARPET; DEPARTMENT |
Carpet -satisfaction for 50 cents j
,a yard.". A* good. Tapestrv,, two I
I -colors, 4 , red & • blue.pretty.flowered- •-
j effects. The. last ' of "these patterns !
j: — 50 cents a yard.' j
¦' Fret Dtlhrery, OakUndl. AUm«4a, Berkeley j
; M. FRIEDMAN & CO. j
. •--¦' (Incorporated). ', i ¦ j
233 •. 237 Post St. Open Evenln gs I
.. . , ." , , ,. , . ,. .. . . wash goods at tempting pricasT" s (&i
m) dress goods clearance. n a | e ' s are making '8 new and better record in the old store. * mining of sunshine andva^
«( £. a splendid time to buy-to- fa ftfl \|§
J^dTof h £rS' t£. n 78 pro^ss of the after-inventory sal^-It is q nite one week since our inventory J^Zl^^oJA Z!\^l^\^ UL
m' inches wide- the most proper are now more busy than ever making price reductions and arranging sales, not but that t ne inve ni or y = won't picture their beauty, but
p sort of the proper stuffs for stocks in splendid condition, but for manifest reasons it is deemed desirable to at once reduce certain lines a. they wJU givc a fair ldea o f the |*g
ffl knockabout suits and separate c i ose out others. ' . ,, _ d ! ittle P rices that 1S C " ; M
*$. skirts, and they're not lackitiR in seven days have passed since the sales were started— seven days added to a season already aa- j n g sale ;rn : rv - S|
gi grace fpr dressier uses; per yd.. 5 oc vanced _ and each f those seven means for us grea ter incentive to sell, greater inducements to you to buy. the p ieC e S batiste : "J Jj™^ fe
|. French suitings, small, camel I 3 f x after-inventory sales is therefore represented in to-day's offerings. P cnt >'^^ f h J£ f Hghr {§
1 ?ras r tin| U c O ?ors O o V n n a foule ™£3; the way, when you come for- some of these after-inventory values take a good look at our grand r ounds and pretty hg«
1 thev "vere on" of the °nlos? pppu- new store now nearing completion, you will not, of course, be able to get in or obtain as good an idea o f the Jow" per" yard 50 &
I lar 'fabrics of the spring of 1900. magnificent light and elegant appointments the finished store will have as we should like, but you win d^ au g , Q yardg 36 _ inch batiste: small, \%
H and were bought to sell at $2.00 to see enough to convince you that San Francisco is to have a dry goods house to be proud of. dainty patterns on white grounds; jgg
I i the yard; the color assortment is ¦ " ¦ just' the thing for children s |
I I somewhat broken and we reduce \q \\\q fl B Q B Q. VV- dresses; former price 12V2C; now. g|
g ! them to a figure that should close w^ are sp i en did position to supply your fabric wants for the coming 19OO celebration, our collec- per yar d . -oc m
m the entire lot in a day. per yd...soc Qf dl a and other Hght-weight materials in white and colors is one of the largest ever brought to- I2 oo yards 3° : mch t&
1 5 hfe^ ¦S&.tt^ «•*« * » ¦« ™<° '« « ««* *» — ey- S av lng prices: and™ |
I Srict? cmin^ir^idltc great after-inventory china "clean up" ' S2k SSSJi'SStfSS? S |
m , . • every -piece of china or glassware in p . lot 3-hand-palnted water bottles, ° d 15c g
m ClirtainS, an afteMnVentOry Sale. the store embraced in the sale and val- 1 fa^S^nd Saucers, pie' and ca£ „,' „« ifc -«« c|(!rtS U
KB ,, 1 • u 1 t, ues offered you will likely not see A\ . plates, spoon trays, cracker jars, eel- SttlC Oi allR uicoa aiuno. gs
m all esthetic home-makers _cner- led- we dlvide the goods ln to six ' --^ )\ ery dishes, butter dishes, ash trays chance may lie in the future, g
ffl ish lace curtains; their destiny js ' M worth from 30c to 50c. ;•••••••;;•-£ but no wise woman needing a |
£1 to adorn, to enhance the artistic ff^^fSS'M fS&i lot jars, cake plates salad DUl "".„_ .• t -i, d ream of oasi- fa
f the lowest prices, how well we cers. worth from 10c to. 13c 00 ¦J^&J^^]P ! ot 5-hand-painted glove boxes smok- J' 3 * t n f^ a l'"*J "1^*5 now Si 00 S
P i- u ¦» :„ K. C f t^lH Hv t1i«- • --- •• — - - - ¦- „ >-mCiW^a^L' Jl J&S>~~<^&W 'ne sets, cake trays, tea sets, chocolate $20.00 and *2>0O SKins now.*i 3 .w; m
%M accomplish it is best told Dy tne ]ot 2 — vases, match holders, mustard pots, salad towls. worth from P"c to •?,- oo and Sl7 5O skirts now.$IO.OO ggj
I crowds 01 buyers that usually t mer nd salad plates . 13, choioo vrr-Jj* «« 00 and $12 50 skirts now.S 7.50 W
I throng o^^^f^^y'youJwny pln cupB and »»<*" 3 "^^^^S^^- SioU^e??. 6 *&' %£ Safe? ffi ? ££ and $3.*o skirts now.$ 5.00 I
m 1 lean even more strongly your \\a> O f other pretty nlc-nacs, worth.from — ==p — - trays, mush sets, worth from J1.25 to T.', ° n r . j _„+:._„ fit
p I than usual during these clearing i5c^25c .....10c some lOo articles. Ji.60, choice 51-00 llttiB pflCSQ nOHOnS. 3^:;
If lace curtains, in ¦ . ¦' *¦ great after-inVeffitOry jewelry "Clean Up" the d y ° ciunt^hally in the^cherSfof H
A ecru and white, 3, x / 2 yards long by lt i s not . claimed that -we have tha , MnflVBn _^-^ waist sets— rings— cult battons— they lif e - the cents we savs you on the Kj
I 50, -54 and 58 inches wide five d,f- greatest op t pt f tocK of jeweir,^Jut «lB|(SS^ thousands of articles in our pro- |
§ fcrcnt patterns: per pair. ... $1.25 £*2 a very large sup- , /^/Jlr^SIIJ &&$kft\ are more attractive, too 1 , because the gressive notion store will amount *&
Nottingham lace curtains, in plv of au i te desirable if irifxp^nsivo . ill iy -^>Tf4 TUi3fc~ifiM£P \ price is no longer 15c to 30c. lut now lflc t o hundreds of dollars in the years t$».i
5^ ecru and white, 3 l A and 4 yards poods in this line-popular jewelry as /All/ \ u * hil \ t wa1 « , sets of v,l x ?^ ec^ s r X-H ni %xirnnles- E
I ecru aim wnuc, j ;j^.':,, f » It mipht be termed-and which the I Will/ \ brcoches-cufT buttons-both gold-piat- that pa 3i . examples. g^
J long and 58 inches wide, just pVlc^s now quoted will make even more H^\\i/ /^ \Wfri*$& \ ed and sterling silver of the kfnd which hdies* side hose supporters, g^
£ what you ve been wanting for that popular, for in accordance with the H 1 M {,))>/ fil\W I^^SSSf I we confess to having sold heretofore j o r f ancv frilled elastic, with B
™ hav window oer pair $1-49 policy referred to before of making a ' tU '/ \ OT I at 30c to 50c. and believe we gave more maue ' ui id "y "" r i a . n tn n re . K
Kj Day winaow. per pan u : '*^J?X new record in the old store we place ill W'/ ,#dW\ X^*^ I tnan average value; now go at. satin bow and button clasp to pre- a
| novelty net curtains in white and S^slle to^-dV wlthT as t III be ob- \|/ ff) 1 * ac V V". \ i vent hose from slipping; colors |
qj ecru, 3 l A yards long by 50 and served, little reference to the original { \/ JTV^/^/ JWsz cufr plns> ne ,? kt! 5 phis, dress suit • . u cardinal orance; B
I 54 inches w^de; handsome enough cost .every piece of Jewelry in this Mj^^^\^^Wi\ '^K ISrto^a^ln' 1^ also Wacic; regular prke 3 Sc; tel I
m for the. parlor or dimnsr-room: D j n3 _ va riou 8 patterns tn th« 'jC^T^^^P Wk brln 1^ 50? to^ bluVthS duced to, per pair V"' 2^ I
P P" l* ir «-°° styles that have often caught your i'j&^\ l/ 8^^"^ 14 co\t each . "! 3-inch shell empire combs, well Eg
M ...„ nln , r , npa fancy at 10c to 25c each 2c /BaU&MteSJ j€S^\W n" thereto" braceieUVchVld'V'" 'ring*, made and smoothly finished; spe- ||
Sh fiauOn C163r3nC6. boauty pins— the kind you nre accua- Jj \^tv^ti Qr*^i\ \ brooches, chains— innumerable styles; • j t ch ...ISC P?
m ... . . tomed to pay here and elsewhere 10c 7 fiyO' ))k tt&W*& \ *°™ ar « sterling silver, -some heavy claJ^V eac " ,VC" kATmV* fa K
P it these ribbons at the prices for. per set of six 3c \N»w gold-plated, and not one worth under white cotton wasn braiC3 tor
kl don't astonish vou, then your ex- hat pins— belt plns-Nethersole brace- a dollar nnd from that up to $2 50-all trimming summer dresses, pret- R
perience in ribbon buying must. l ffllMfeS!^>^%^^^^ b V|. H^se^t 7£& i^TA^ tjly woven. K-inch wide; per |
I have been an exceptionally lucky charged* but now and here the prlce.5c some 19c articles the J2 50 ones It will cost you but.... 43c dozen yards ..........ioc Eg
one> fancy mixed wash braids, in '0
no. 12 all-silk taffeta ribbons, in . ladies' Oneita UtllOn SUltS. serpentine effects, green, brown. B
pink, light blue, cerise, Rolden Flx caFP! » O f the cctmlne nn^Ita union suits in tho new fall weights arrived la?t wek and will be ready for s»lline to- navy, cardinal and whits; J^-inch D
brown maize turquoise, lilac, morrow vou know the goods— they have a national reputation, those that we show to-morrow are handsomely finished wide; per dozen yards 2OC K.
i •» nnrl rre-lm- nUn an odd lo» with elastic covered*seams, pearl buttons and silk trimmings at neck and have the Improved wrist and ankle, nrlceaare ,, , -j k brajj- j n basket Kg
white and cream, also an OCQ lot t J 11 " l a^ , ast vesir . there's not a hint in this store of the high leaps the market has been taking, we placed our orders DiacK suk uram, iw u^^ &-
of nos. 22 and 30 plain and moire befo V e the rise ami are selling at the rates that ruled at that time. . . . weaves, V2 to I? 4 inches Wide. fcg
taffeta ribbons in jrreens, yellows ladies' fleece-lined cotton oneita union suits, in ecru or natural gray; per suit *oc formerly sold at 15c, 20c and at
a i-,, »-,Kl» efTo/-tc- -ill" trs cm ladies" Peruvian cotton oneita union suits, in natural gray, per suit «j>c ' . v t t i j: nfi :, g
and changeable effects, all to zo, »" fine Egvptian cottO n oneita union suits, in ecru, per suit 93c 2 D c a yard, Dtit as tne line is |
at. per yard IOC ladies' ribbed "merino non-shrlnkable oneita union suits, in white and natural gray, per suit $1.00 somewhat broken we reduce tnem g
kj no 60" satin liberty and satin taf- ladies' ribbed merino non-shrjnkable oneita union suits. In white and natural gray— half wool— per suit $1.25 a ll to, per yard 5c S
§ t -\X e- ;« *,.» rv •¦.v.inteM ladles' ribbed mprino non-shrinkable oneita union suits, in natural gray— two-thirds wool— per suit $1.6o . ' J h : . t ; rt trimmintr Wm
fc feta ribbons in every wanted \TA?k' ribbed merino non-shrinkable oneita union suits in silver gray-ninety per cent wool-per suit $2.00 3;""^ mohair skirt trimming a
m color and shade; per yard 50c _ ,- braid, m black, navy, green. 3
£• ("any of the new bows tied free" " r /££&/ • brewn, tan. red and gray; used
?.A\ 'at the ribbon counter.) f^rtiV fMUff /MSj (fi\ < extensively for lenRtheninc: skirts; gfc
>^^^X QU °Jfin of h tt U *o a \ h^ rlC ac1xprUFem f >nt r '!L lf l<rt e wnu!<! JwW """ ' JTvZrsJItiL^j*^ hai wick Corduroy Afirt^bindlrTs* *vZ "n^V'wide;" Vjroii' /^^