McENERNEY
WANTS TRUTH
UNHAMPERED
; SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 10, 1900
MY name is Robert Colthorp. I reside at 455 Jessie street. I am going on 51 years of
age. I am married. I. came to San Francisco on October 3, 1875. I know John
M. Chretien. I have known him for the past twenty years. For the past two years
I have been working for John M. Chretien by cleaning up his office. I know him very
well. I wrote the name "John Sullivan" on the paper which you now show to me. (Mr. Lloyd
shows Mr. Colthorp a paper indorsed substantially: "Deed. John Sullivan to J. J. Rauer. Re
corded in Book of Deeds, Vol. 1868, page 198, May 5, 1900, 2:02 p. m., at the request of J. J.
Rauer," and bearing the signature "John Sullivan.") I wrote the name "John Sullivan" on that
paper at Mr. Chretien's request. I wrote it in Mr. Chretien's office, in room 20 of the building
230 Montgomery street, in the city and county of San Francisco. I do not remember what
Chretien said to me at the time. He only asked me to write the name "John Sullivan" on the
paper. At the time I signed the name "John Sullivan" on the paper there was no one present
but Chretien and I.
j I know Lee D. Craig, the Notary Public, but I have never been before him to acknowl
} edge any paper. I never acknowledged any deed before Lee D. Craig. I never made a dsed
in my life. I do not remember
' the hour at which S signed the . . j^
' name "John Sullivan" to the ? i a*"**^^^**^
> paper, but it was during busi- I F= S===S =^ y°° # \^ ****
> ness hours. &£ I »** '•'-*> ***
the building at the southeast ! • f\^0? ' ' \ \^ \
, It was about 5 o'clock, and I \ • ,;^ + ; : \lf| y^
i and I went into the little of- jfci&^jk
, fice, and Chretien showed me f ~ f^k^^ J^^^^^^ 1
, the check and asked me to [°<P \=^^^^^^^^S
sign the name "John Sullivan" j- ==j ns
on the check. At Chretien's < — '
1 request, I signed the name , J0HN M chretien.
\ "John Sullivan" on the check.
• When I signed, the check was lying on the counter in the little office. Chretien did not fur
i nish me the pen and ink with which to sign. The pen and ink were already on the counter.
» I signed the name "John Sullivan" on the check in the presence of Mr. Chretien and Profes
, sor Dutchy. I do not know that Chretien asked me to take a drink. He just laid down the
check and asked me to sign the name of "John Sullivan" on it. Chretien did not say any
thing to me about writing two L's in the name "Sullivan." After I had signed the name
' "John Sullivan" on the check, Mr. Chretien took the check. I have signed names to other
1 papers for Mr. Chretien, but I don't remember now what the papers were.
When I signed the name "John Sullivan" on the paper you -showed^ to me (the deed) I
i did not know what kind of a paper it was. It was folded up, and, I did not see anything but
, the place where I signed the name "John Sullivan."
the decree of distribution should berome final
and valid. It would be the proper course anl
th* rarer course to g!ve notice that the decree
would be ?et aside this morning unless good
cause was shown why it should not be set
aside; then, if need be, a decree of distribution
may cone lat»r.
The Decree Set Aside.
I will now formally set aside this decree of
distribution for the purpose of thoroughly in
vestigating this matter and determining
whether or net the man who swore he was Ihe
brother of this decedent is such a person. If
there has been any wrorig-d'-ins: here or any
attempt at wrong-doing ihs hope is and it will
b» the enrnfrit effort of the court to determlr.a
who is the wrongdoer, and, of course, the pun
ishment will be inflicted for the purpose «jf
teaching- a lessor, to these who may in the fu
ture feel disposed to try to impose upon tha
co'jrt.
JI r. Lloyd — I will suggest that that be put
in the shape of a written order on the grounj
that thpre has been an attempt to commit
fraud upon this court. UnJer those circum
stances the court has the power to do this.
Mr. Ruef — I was about to makf the motion
myself to have this decree set aside, not upon
the ground of frau.l, because that would b? pre
judging the matter, which I think would be
unfair and would also give the newspaper a
chance to say that it ha<! forced the court to
f>ay that something wrong had been done. But
I desire on the part of the administrator of the
estate and so far as It is in the power of the
administrator and of myself, to move that OM
decree be set aside for the purpose of furtht—
Investigation upon the ground that it was in
advertently entered, upon testimony which was
not at the time sufficiently inquired into uml-r
the circumstances now disclosed. It does not
mak« any difference what the ground of the
motion is. the court has the rower to set the
decree aside and we consent that it should be
done for the purpose of further investigation.
Mr. McEnerney— I think, with Mr. Uuef, that
the decree should be set aside, not upon the
ground of fraud, because it han not been
proved, but It should be set ash"* in order that
we might proceed to see whether any fraud
has been committed or not. The questions in
volved here are of infinitely greater magnitude
than the ownership of a $3100 estate.
The Court— I desire to say that all Informa
tion at any time concerning any proceedings
In this department, whether obtained from the
pres3 or from any person or persons, wilt al
ways be welcome, no matter what disagreeable'
shape tt may come in. I feel appreciative of
the Information that has De«n received here
to give me an opportunity to Investigate and
to save thla estate until It Is determined who
is the rishtful heir or the proper party in in-
Mr. Ruef— I ask your Honor to let tt appear
that the motion was made by us for that pur
pose or that It U made by the consent of all
parties.
The Court— The court has suggested it. I ap
preciate, of course, your position la the mat
ter.
J Qh P M. Chretien was the first witness
called to the stand. Mr. McEnerney con
ducted the examination.
In Search of an Heir.
\-nder McEnerney's questions Chretien
told hov.% as soon as he was appointed
attorney for the absent heirs of the dead
SuIUvan, he proceeded to look for same.
He did not know that Sullivan had any
heirs, but he went to Sullivan's landlady
en Post street and she sent him to a tai
lor on Kearny street and he sent him
to a farmer in Evergreen, whose hired
man sent him to a deaf old woman who
told him Sullivan had a brother in Eng
land- In his affidavit of services Chretien
paid he went to Evergreen to see the old
woman, Mrs. Lafferty, he called her, and
in his testimony he said he went to see
Martin Murphy, to whom the tailor on
Kearny street had referred him. Later
on he said Mrs. Lafferty had told him
Ihe address was 34 Soho square, and still
later he tcok this back and said Charle3
Weston told him in a letter from Ens
land. How Charles Weston knew Chre
tien could not tell. ¦
Then Chretien went to the office of
Drinkhouse, who was Public Administra
tor at ;hat time, and from his clerk, Sam
H. Eeckett. he heard again that there
was a Sullivan in Soho square. Beckett
said he got his information from Sulli
van's landlady, which \v-a3 more than
Chretien had done.
Then, acting on this Information. Chre
tien wrote to Soho square. He had not
then the address of 34, and his letter was
addressed' Just Soho square. It was re
turned to him with the Information that
no Sullivan was known at 31. 37. 1, 3 or 3
Soho square. With the return of this let
ter ends all that Is reasonable about
Chretien's story.
Then Chretien said he inquired of an
English friend, a man named Rollat, and
at his suggestion he sent a letter to the
firm of Freer, Reeve, Hunt & Rowlatt
of London, but he received no reply and
his letter was never returned. Then he
sent two more letters to an address on
Wharton street, he said, one on September
IS and one on October 23. How he secured
the Wharton street address was an In
teresting illustration of how Chretien did
business.
McEnerney started after the "Wharton
street address as soon as he heard It- Ho
asked:
The Hand of Mr. Weatherly.
How did you get any Information about Su!
llvan's addr»sa being at 26 Wharton street?
From a gentleman here In tbe city.
Who? Dr. "Weatherly.
Where Is his place of business? I couldn't
tell you. I met him one day on the street and
I asked him.
Is he a physician? "Well, he was a phy-
CHRETIEN'S TOOL CONFESSES IN JAIL— POLICE SURROUND THE LAWYER'S HOUSE-HE WILL
BE ESCORTED TO COURT THIS MORNING BY DETECTIVES.
A THUNDERBOLT has fallen in the camp of the probate conspirators
who mack- the court of Judge James M. Troutt the field of their
operations for the robbery of the unprotected and intestate dead.
When The Call made its serious charges that an estate of a dead man
in this city had been robbed through a systematic, deliberate and long-con
tined j-iGt it knew whereof it spoke. When the expose was made the con
spirators raised a storm of indignation and made a pretense of denial in or
der thai their tracks might be covered and that their shameless schemes
might go unpunished. To accomplish their purpose they demanded an in
vestigation, and yesterday their request was granted by Judge Troutt.
The result is that John M. Chretien, the notorious and odious schemer
who has disgraced the profession of which he is a member and who his
preyed upon the community in which he had been permitted to exist, will
be arrested this morning on a serious charge. His house was surrounded
last night and unt:! this morning, by orders of Chief of Detectives John
Seymour. Detectives Dinan, Wren. Crockett and Dillon guarded the resi
dence, in order that the- unscrupulous attorney might not escape. One of
his tools, a negro employed by him, who had testified in court during the
day. had subsequently confessed the entire shameful scheme which The Call
exposed. This negro, an ignorant fellow, had been induced by his scoundrel
employer to sign the name of John Sullivan to a receipt acknowledging that
the estate of a dead man had parsed into the possession of its rightful heir.
This astounding confession, which substantiates the allegations of the Call,
prompted the Police Department of this city to take immediate measures
to punish the man who had committed an atrocious crime.
These steps were taken none too soon, as Chretien had already made every
preparation to lice. His belongings were packed and he intended to leave
this city at tbe earliest opportunity for the Orient. The detectives guarded
the house during the night, and this morning they will escort John M. Chre
tien to the Probate Court, where, after he has given any testimony that may
be asked of him. he will be arrested and charged with the serious offense
of which the officials believe him to be guilty;
When The Ca!i instituted this investigation it had but one purpose in
view. It believed that a ring of scoundrels was committing the most atro
cious crime against the community — the robbery of the unprotected dead.
This paper submitted the facts in it? possession and the proofs at its dis
posal. It had no motive but to protect the community from the predatory
acts of thieves. It desired to punish no one who did not deserve punishment,
and when Judge Troutt decided that it was his duty to investigate the ac
cusations and the proofs which The Call presented, this paper was sincerely
gratified at this resuit of its labors.
When the court convened yesterday morning and Reuben H. Lloyd, who
had volunteered his services tne day before in behalf of the court, in order
that the dignity of his profession should not be unjustly assailed nor the
sanctity of the court of which he is an officer be violated, made a demand for
a complete investigation, he had the support of every decent citizen in the
community. Judge Troutt immediately ordered- the investigation, and yes
terday it began. Mr. Lloyd declared that he had made a close inquiry into
the affairs of the scandalous case in which the probate conspirators were con
cerned, and said that he had found many matters which deserved serious in
vestigation. He asked, therefore, that other attorneys be associated with him.
He said that attorneys owed it to themselves, to the community whose
confidence they enjoy and to the courts in which they practice, to probe this
matter to the bottom. He called, therefore, upon the court to appoint men
to be associated with him, and he begged of the many attorneys in the court
room to respond to his appeal. Realizing the momentous character of the
proceeding. Judge Troutt was critical in his choice. He took care that rep
resentative men of the legal profession should act, if they would. He asked
Garret W. McEnerney if he would accept the responsibility, and the attorney
replied that he would. He called upon E. F. Preston to accept the same
duty, and Mr. Preston likewise responded. These three men. admittedly
representative of their profession in this city, then began their investigation.
The results of that investigation in court are published this morning in The
Call.
The Judge and the lawyers admitted that the affair is of primary and
serious interest to the entire community, involving as it does matters which
touch everj' citizen most closely. The examination was therefore absolutely
thorough. What conclusion Judge Troutt may reach from it is his affair,
which at this time it would be improper for The Call to discuss. This paper
repeats, however, that a scandalous conspiracy of lawyers and their tools was
formed in this city to rob the estate of a dead man. That conspiracy was
successful. A bogus heir was presented to the court, an estate was awarded
to him and probate sharks feasted on the spoils. Forgery and perjury were
committed in Judge Troutt's court. These were the original allegations of
this paper, and this morning they are repeated.
During the examination yesterday, John M. Chretien was on the wit
ness stand for the major portion of the day. His colored employe
was also put upon the witness stand and was made to sign the name of
John Sullivan. As far as a layman's eye can perceive, the signature which
this man wrote in court is the same which was written to a receipt signed
by John Sullivan, the heir of Joseph Sullivan, admitting- that- he had re
ceived from the Public Administrator, through his attorney, Abraham Ruef,
the estate of his brother in full. After this negro had finished his testimony,
he was placed under' arrest by Chief of Detectives John F. Seymour and
taken to the office of the Chief of Police.
During the examination of the colored man and of Chretien, District
Attorney Lewis F. Byington. representatives of the Grand Jury, Chief of De
tectives Seymour and many of the most prominent members of the legal
profession in this city had heard the startling declarations made in court.
These declarations were sufficient to warrant Reuben H. Lloyd, Garret W
McEnerney, District Attorney Lewis F. Byington and Chief of Detectives
John F. Seymour in questioning the negro thoroughly after his arrest. The
result was that the unfortunate man confessed that at the instigation of John
M. Chretien, and in the presence of Fred Hansted, who is known to
unenviable notoriety as Young Dutchy, he signed the name of John Sullivan
to the receipt for the estate and to other documents in the case.
Upon this evidence, in conjunction with the startling revelations which
had been made in the court, the police officials decided to place John M.
Chretien under arrest. They had information that he intended to flee from
the Stcte, and for that reason they guarded his house. These startling de
velopments, which seem to be a shocking climax to a disgraceful affair, do
not tell the entire story. John M. Chretien is not the only scoundrel con
cerned in the theft of the estate of the intestate dead. Others are involved
ss deeply and as criminally as he, and their culpability will be established
before the investigation reaches its conclusion.
LLOYD FOUND
TRACES OF A
PLAIN FRAUD
BEING a mere looker-on yes
terday In this court and sec-
Ing from the proceedings
that were had that there
might be a miscarriage cf justice,
and ecnerlvir.fr it my duty as a
member of the bar to make a sug
gestion to your Honor to protect
the court and the heirs and the
parties interested in this estate by
setting aside the decree, it seems
I have got myw-lf Into trouble by
your Honor appointing me to rep
resent the court. I made a cur
sory examination of the affairs
and transactions of this estate as
rapidly and as fully a? I could at
the time, and 1 flnd there are many
things vhioh should be carefully
lnv<-.stig:ated. I think the court
should appoint po:ne other mem
ber of the bar. All lawyers should
cheerfully give their time to
pee that Justice is properly admin
istered in court, and therefore I do
not think any lawyer will object
to rendering his services to assist
the court so far as he can In this
matter.— From Attorney Reuben
II. Lloyd's remarks In court.
THERE was never a more sensa
tional trial In the Superior courts
of this city than that, before Judge
Troutt yesterday. There have been
trials more sensational perhaps in
the facts they were based upon, but no
trial has ever started upon a single charge
and then as the day wore on developed
evidence of such a cold-blooded and infa
mous plot.
The witnesses examined were not many,
but the testimony that searching ques
tions wrung from them made up for any
lack of number in a lavish store of facts.
The heirs advanced. to claim the miser
able hundreds of Joseph Sullivan were
ranged before the public as a procession
of myths, and then from that they devel
oped Into frauds. ¦
John Chretien was on the stand all the
morning and much of the afternoon, and
the story he told would make reading for
a school of crime. His testimony amount
ed to this— that he took the man Sullivan,
tthc heir to a dead man's estate, without
knowing more about him than that he
bore a bit of paper which Chretien said
he had written to him, and then when
Chretien was asked to produce the letter
that served to Identify this willing heir
he could not or would not produce it. In
the afternoon he changed his affidavit or i
services until it fitted testimony plven in
an ill guarded moment In the" morning
lie forgot names and dates until he saw
others knew them, and then they sprang
into his mind with a nimbleness that. was
surprising. He explained - and then
changed his explanations; he made asser
tions and counter-assertions, and h<j piled
Mr. Lloyd— I notice also another distinguished
member of the bar here in court— Mr. Preston.
I think he could render able assistance in this
matter, and I suggest that he be added to our
number.
The Court — I should appreciate it most sin
cerely' If Colonel Preston would also assist the
court In investigating this very serious mat
ter. Yesterday morning, after matter* had
progressed to ' a certain extent the court was
satisfied that, owing to! the suggestion of one
of the daily journals, the matter had been
taken In time and we are In a position to pre
serve the estate so that no man— If any man
has attempted to foist himself upon this court
as a brother and heir to the decedent — no such
man will obtain any portion of the estate. It
may be that a Very heinous crime has been at
tempted; an attempt has been ma.1t; perhaps to
steal the property of this estate. 1 The estate
is fcere In the possession of the administrator
fortunately and it is not too late to set aside
the decree. I understood yesterday, there be
ing time to arrange for the disposition of this
matter and for a thorough Investigation before
The letter to 34 Soho square took up
much of the attention of the court and. the
attorneys. Searching inquiry was made
regarding tho place, but it remained for
Drnis Donohoe, one of the attorneys for
the British Consul, t6 tell that 34 Soho
square is the Buford Club, a private and
sf-iect club of English gentlemen, none of
whom are tailors, as John Sullivan was
described as being and of which John Sul
livan was not president. This last bit of
information was brought out by a face
tious question from ilcEnerrey.
Chretien would not even admit that he
saw "Sullivan" sign the deposition in sup
port of his claims, nor would he admit he
knew where the man lives, and as the
hours passed it was interesting to notice
that from the "John Sullivan" of the
morn'ng the references of the defending
attorneys to the bogus heir drifted around
to the "supposed heir" and the "so-called
John Sullivan."
There were other witnesses, but none of
them were such witnesses as Chrftim.
James Taylor Rogers seems to promise
something pitiable, if not interesting, but
he has not passed through half of his ex
amination so far. In fact, he had hardly
begun at the time the court's adjournment
gave him a respite.
And J. J.' Rauer was also a witness. His
testimony was all In regard to. the money
he may lose by having bought out the es
tate.
The crowd In the courtroom just before
the case opened was an interesting one.
It was made up mostly of attorneys, with
a sprinkling of newspaper men, and the
most prominent thing about it was the
bearing of the men who had handled the
estate of the dead man. Sullivan. As the
day wore on this bearing changed, and be
fore the evening adjournment to slip
quietly away was their evident desire.
When the case was called by the court
Reuben H. Lloyd arose and addressed the
Judge. He said:
Mr. Lloyd Opens Proceedings.
If. the court please, being 1 a mere looker-on
yesterday in this court and seeing from the
proceedings that were had that there might
be a miscarriage of Justice, and conceiving it
my duty as a member of the bar to make a
suggestion to your Honor 'to protect the court
and the heirs and the parties interested in this
estate by Betting aside the decree. It seems I
have got myself Into trouble by your Honor
appointing me to represent the court. I made
a cursory examination of th» affairs and trans
actions of this estate, as rapidly and as fully
as I possibly coulrl at the time, and I find that
there are many things which should be care
fully investigated. That will take some time,
and I think, therefore, that the court should
appoint some other member of the bar. All
lawyers should cheerfully give their time to
see that Justice is properly administere-1 in
court, and therefore I do not think that any
lawyer will object to rendering h!s services to
assist the court so far as he can In this matter.
The Court— I agree with you. Mr. Lloyd. . I
observe that Mr. McEnerney is her*. Mr. Me-
Enerney, perhaps you would be willing to Join
Mr. Lloyd In this matter.
- Mr. McEnerney— I would be very glad to do
so. your Honor.
Mr. Ruef — I desire to have it recorded that
we cheerfully, so far as the Public Administra
tor is concerned, acquiesce, In the appointment
of Mr. McEnerney or any other attorney that
your Honor may see flt at any time to desig
nate for the Investigation of these proceedings
And another man has crept Into the
case. A convenient man from the heart
of England, one Charles Weston, who
wrote an address to Chretien Just as he
was despairing of ever finding an heir. He
was told by Weston, a friend, whose cor
respondence he has destroyed, that If he
would address 34 Soho square he would
probably find his man. He did so, and al
though the London postal authorities had
already notified Chretien that of the
three John Sullivans living in Soho not
one was the sought for man, still this time
they said nothing, but, Chretien swore,
they redirected the letter to Evergreen,
Santa Clara County California, and there
it found an owner. Once before, in an
swer to one of Chretien's letters, the Lon
don postal officials had written that there
was no John Sullivan at 34, 37, 1, 3 or 5
Soho, but still the last epistle found an
owner who turned up just in time.
Chretien was asked to produce a copy of
this last letter, but he did not do so.
He told of meeting a woman in Ever
green who gave him valuable information
of the missing heir, although she knew
nothing about the Sullivans except that
there was . "bad blood" between the
brothers, and he never asked her where
she got her Information. He struck a
man named "Weatherly on the streets of
this city and Weatherly told him all about
where he could find the missing Sullivan,
and just whom to write to, and he never
asked Weatherly If he knew either of the
brothers. He never showed the heir to
any one who could help to identify him.
and in the whole contingent that ever
had a hand in the case no one ever saw
any one to vouch for John Sullivan in
the flesh except Chretien. "When John
Sullivan wanted money from Rauer Chre
tien drew it for him. When he wanted
money from the bank Chretien was with
him. "Whenever he appears in the case he
appears through Chretien or Chretien ap
pears for him, and whenever he signed his
name a blind man would say it was
penned by the negro Colthorp.
That House in Soho Square.
I contradiction and equivocation upon con
tradiction and equivocation in an indis
criminate heap of discomfort to himself.
The climax came when his negro serv
ant was called to the stand to tell his
name and take up a pen. He tends the
door and cleans the floor of Chretien's of
iice, but he has other possibilities, as was
shown yesterday. Unless his handwriting
lies he siprns checks and powers of attor
ney and receipts for absent heirs, anrl all
for the salary of a janitor and a bellboy.
It had been shown that the "John Sulli
van" v/ho signed a power of attorney for
Chretien to act under was not the man
who signed the deposition of "John Sulli
van," the heir; and then it was shown
that Frank Colthorp, the negro and the
man who signed the power of attorney,
wrote hands that were the same. The
negro was asked his name. He gave it.
He was asked if he could write. He said
he could. He was given a pen and a. seat
at the clerk's desk, and then, while the
lawyers and the Judge peered over his
shoulder, he wrote five times the name
of John Sullivan, and any one of the five
mlsht have done duty for all the signa
tures of John Sullivan that Chretien
swears are genuine.
The New Man Weston.
E CALLS- EXPOSE OF THE , CORRUPT PROBATE RING
RASCALS ARE RUN TO EARTH
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 41.
PROMINENT ATTORNEYS ACCEPT A SERIOUS DUTY,
«P^HE startling expose made by The Call of the crime committed. In the Probate Court of Judge Troutt
has aroused the deepest inte rest of the bench and bar in this cityl As a result o'f that expose of the
atrocious operations of a clique of scheming and unscrupulous lawyers, an investigation, searching
in its nature, was begun yesterday morning. by r Judge James M.. Troutt, who declared that he •would leave
nothing undone to sift the affair, to, the bottom. Realizing the seriousness of _the situation and the reflec
tion which the operation of scoundrels had cast, upon the legal profession in this city, he called upon Reu
ben H. Lloyd, Garret "W. McEnerncy and E. F.Preston, to represent' the Court in the investigation. These
lawyers, admittedly of prominence in their. profession," accepted gladly, the I 'duty "imposed upon them.
o t is not the amount cf money
I Involved in this case, but the
II enormity of the offense. It la
not a question "who should be
protected." but "who Is impli
cated." It is of interest to the
whole community to see that this
matter 19 probed to the bottom re
gardless of what the outcome of
the investigation may be. Private
concerns must be sacrificed to pub
lic necessity under these circum
stances and every good citizen
should do his utmost to assist the
court In arriving at the truth in
this case. We have the right to
Inquire Into private matters which
may have any bearing on the sub
ject or can throw any light upon
It, for no private affairs can be
allowed to stand In the way of this
Investigation. We are concerned
only with the openness and thin
ness of the fraud. Now It seems
to me that an attorney who comes
here In a proceeding like this
ougrht to give the court the benefit
of his Influence. The fact that he
does not comes In very bad taste
from him.-rFrom Attorney Gar
ret McEnerney's remarks during
the investigation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN.COXTIXTJEP G»X PAGE SEVEN.
THE prohate Rcondal irltlcli hn« excited fhe people of tlit» city and aroused the earnest and Imme
diate attention of Judge Trout t and some of the mont representative members of the local bar
nn* organized by John M. Chretien, the notorious lawyer, vrho wns aanlated by others a* nn
nrrnpnlonn an himself anil who ihared hln Ill-Gotten gains. Chretien hatched lit* plot npon the un
protected dead irlth Fred Hanxted, who in known as "Younj? Dntchy," In the saloon of Rome Harri*
at SO Bill* ntreet In this city. Many of the conferences of the conspirator* were held In thin nnloon
anil ont of thene conferences came the production of n bojrnn heir In the person of Charles Latner to
represent John Snllivon, supposedly the brother of Joseph Snlllvan, a tailor, who died In this city on
May 5, 1609.
Latner wn» n follower of the races and nnscrnpnlons enongh and.ireak enough to accept any
ronmiMlon which migrht bring; him money. lie therefore Impersonated the heir and signed the depo
sition which is on (lie in Judge Troutt's court, lie was unreliable in the extreme, however, and
while nnder "the ' influence' of Uqnor and nimble to carry oat his. Impositions Chretien's negiro ser<
vnnt took bis plnce> Daring ranch of the time in which the conspiracy progressed I.ntner was
housed at the apartments of "Young Dutchy" at 121 Powell street, the Rossin House, room 21, where.
"Voong Dntcliy" found sleep on the bed, and Latner, his tool, fonnd whatever rest he- could In
drunken slumber on the sofa. After the conspiracy had reached successful conclusion and Latner
had been sent post haste ont of town, the leading schemers rested in false security.
Latner returned and levied blackmail npon them, and one afternoon In the saloon of Ortion «<fc
Gerhardt, on the southwest corner of O'Farrell and Powell streets, he, Chretien and "Yonng Dntchy"
engaged in a. wordy war over Latner's demnnds for more ' money. The money was paid. Another
ticket was purchased for the bogrns heir >' and he made his tray out of the State.' This in outline Is
the story of the part Chretien played : In ,thls shameless conspiracy. It- does not tell what others
equally as guilty as he have done against the unprotected dead.
What were you doing In there? Oh, I recol
lect exactly what we went . over there for, or
at least one of the things, to make an as
signment to a friend of his. Mr. Knox must
have a memorandum of It. for, I think, a por
tion of the money, when he should receive it-
Who did? Mr. Sullivan.
Who was the friend to whom he had made the
assignment? I don't know. It was some one
that waa with him all the time.
What was his name? I couldn't tell you.
Did you draw the assignment? No. sir; Mr.
Knox drew the assignment."
From Sullivan to somebody else? From Sul
livan to somebody else, and then I left.
Did you see him execute it? Yes, sir; I am
pretty sure.
Sullivan's Assignment.
Sullivan was sworn? I say that because I was
not there at the commencement.
. Ar.d you think that you went with Sullivan
and Keene after the deposition was taken down
to Knox's offlce in order that he might swear
Sullivan— Is that it? Well, I know we went
there and I supposed that is what we were go
ing for.
Did you see the oath administered? I don't
know. I don't think I did.
How large a room is Knox's office? Oh. it
was not as wide as that (indicating a space
In the courtroom).
he made a number of corrections in It, and
Mr. Ruef added some more questions on cross
examination.
That Is to say. before it had been extended in
typewriting? Yes. sir.
After the deposition was completed, that Is
to say after all the questions had been put
and the answers given. Mr. Ruef's stenographer
read the deposition over to John Sullivan?
Yes. sir.
John Sullivan made some corrections In it?
Yes, sir.
Then Mr. Ruef put in some more questions?
Yes. sir.
Then did you go away, you and Sullivan?
We all went over t" Knox's office.
What for? If he signed it then, or at Knox's
office, he signed the last page; that is my Im
pression.
Was the last page typewritten before the
rest of It was typewritten? That is my Im
pression: I don't know positively. ¦
So that you think tHat Ruef's stenographer
after he had taken down In shorthand all of
Sullivan's deposition wrote off the last page
first so that Sullivan could j sign it and go
away. Is that your testimony? ' That Is my
imrresfion.
Where were you while the typewriter in
Ruefs offlce was typewriting the last page
of his stenographic notes? I was talking to Mr.
Ruef in his office.
Is the man who signed that deposition or
who was present at the taking of the depo
sition the man who signed your power of at
torney under date of March 1. 1900? The man
that slimed that deposition to supposed to be
this man; I don't know whether it is the man
who eigned that or not,
I asked you If the man who signed your
power of attorney dated March 1. 19"0. Is the
tune Individual whose deposition was itien?
Did you see him flgn the deposition? i did
not see him sign It, because when he signed
It I was talking to Mr. Ruef; Jlr. ICeene, I
think. «mw him sign it.
Did U"ot See Him Sign.
The letter Sullivan is supposed to have
handpd to Chretien was the one supposed
to have bf-en written to 34 Soho square
and then rr-directed by the postal authori
ties to Evergreen. The envelope would
show that plainly, but Sullivan did not
have the envelope; he left it In Ever
preen. The letter itself would have been
valuable, but Chretien did not have it. nor
did he have a copy of It. He had nothing:
that would help him to assume a better
position before the court or to stay his
course toward absolute conviction.
Then McEnerney took up the making- of
the deposition by the pseudo Sullivan, and
his questions carried more trouble for the
witness: .
Were you present at the taking of Mr. Sul
livan's deposition on the 14th of April. 1900?
Yes. *lr.
When did you see Sullivan last? Well, I
think it was a day or two after that we went
over to Mr. Ruef's r.fficr- and tried to get a
Now, that is the last day you saw Sullivan?
Oh. no; not the fourth of May: tha.t waa the
day the decree wan cfgned.
When did Mr. Sullivan make his laat visit
to your office. Mr. Chretien? I think It was
either the day after the decree of distribution
was signed or a couple of days after that.
Mr. Ituei cculd tell that better, because he
went over to Mr. Ruefs offlce.
How many visits did he make with Senator
Goucher to your office? Quite a number of
them.
Before or after the first day of March, 1900?
After the first of March.
Did the Senator say that they were, school
boys In Ireland together, or In' the United
Kingdom? No, sir.
When did he make Senator Goucher"s ac
quaintance? That I couldn't tell you; they
appeared to be creat friends.
They were great friends? They appeared to
be: they were th're a number of times.
< Interrupting) You never wrote him a let
ter expert the one to 2i Foho square? No, sir;
he used to come around all the time. He came
around there alone until he came around with
Where riid he put up? I couldn't tell you.
Ycu drn't know where his residence was?
I No. Fir: I knew he used to come around to
, «h» ofn<:-«» two or three times
Mr. (Chretien, when did you next Fee John
Full! van after the first day of March? Oh. af
ter that he stayed right along here and I saw
him constantly.
Mr. MoEnerney — I will manage the payment
of his exj>enFes. I will offer in evidence thia
power of attorney fr<-.m John' Sullivan to John
M. Chretien dated March 1. HOP, acknowledge!
th» same day. before Hands W. Forman. no
tary public. It is a general power of attorney
and inf!udf-« the ixmer to act In his behaK
with the fullest authority "in the matu-r of
my late hrothpr's c*UHe. that is, Joseph Sulli
van, in th\ Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisr-o. and designated as No.
"1€ZZ, department 10 of said Superior Court."
Saw Sullivan Constantly.
Mr. McEnerney — You got a power of attor
ney from Mr. Sullivan on the 1st of March.
DM7 I just want to make a memorandum to
telephone to Mr. Bowden at noon and ask him
if he has« got that power of attorney.
Yes. you ask Mr. Bowden to corr.p up here
and bring all the communications he has.
We 1 .:. I have got all of the communications,
l.ut I will <5o that.
Yes sir. One he executed and the other he
did not; and I think the original one that
I had sent to England is the one that is in the
han^.s of Mr. Bowden now If -he has not de
s-trcyed It.- I will communicate with him and
find out.
Mr. Ru'-'Ts father? Yes. sir, and I told him
this was Mr. Fullivan. and I waited there for
him. We expected him in at 1 o'clock and he
never came in until 6 o'clock In the evening;
of course, we did not wait that long.
The Court— Did John Sullivan eign two pow
ers of attorney?
Who did you see? His father.
How many times old you see him? I say
I saw him s«?ver?l times and on one of the oc
casions I took him up to Mr. Ruef's offlce.
Before the first of March. 1900? Yes. sir.
Did you see Mr. Ruef on that day? No, sir.
So that you think that Mr. Bowden has the
power of attorney executed ? No, not exe
cuted Just signed, the one that I sent down.
How many times did you see John Sullivan
before the first day of March, 190")? Oh. I don't
know, two cr three times, four or five times;
I coulJn't tell you exactly. I know before he
signed the rower cf attorney that I took him
up to Mr. Ruef's office before the first of
March.
Yf«? The reason that the first letter was not
returned to Mr. Bowden an-i the second one
was xrzs bt-cause Mr. Sullivan received the
firFt' letter anl instead of going to Mr. Bow
den'6 orf.ee h" came up to San Francisco and
that is the reason that he did not reteive the
second letter. I did not see Mr. Sullivan for
srrne time until. I think, somewhere near the
end of the month: he had gone off somewhere
and 1 ntver Faw him at all. I think he carr.e
int<> the office either the last or the next to the
la*t day cf February and then I asked him
About the power of attorney, and he said.
¦•Why, Mr. Bowden has got it." I eald I
wanted it " "Well." he said, "can't you get
another one?" Po then I drew up another
power of attorney either the last day of Feb
ruary or the first or second or third of March.
the beginning of March, anyhow, which we
took down to the notary public. Mr. Forman,
which he acknowledged. The original power of
attorney. I jiresume. is £ti!l In the hands of
Mr. IJowden if he has not destroyed it. I
will corr.municate with Mr. Bowden and find
out.
letter that vou wrote to Mr. Bawden in your
letter- preys Vfk? Yes, sir.
You will bring that bock here, wlu ycu .
Yes. eir. „ ,
I-lcw many letter? did you write tn Rnwden
c .n this subj*>ct? That was the only letter. I
think. New I wcul'J like to maJie an explana
tion about that.
Did you witness It? No. sir. Mr. Cognet
and Mr. Knox' witnessed It.
Did Mr. Cognet put his signature to that doc
ument? Yes. sir.
Are you sure of that? Almost positive. Yes.
I am positive.
What other papers did Mr. Sullivan sign
there besides this assignment to this friend
of his? That is all the paper that I saw him
sign.
There was method in the refusal of
Chretien to admit that he saw the depo
sition signed, for it was plain the man
who signed the deposition never signed
the power of attorney. Knox's office la
small, and whoever is there can do noth
ing without beinp seen, yet Chretien saw
no signature put to the deposition.
Then Chretien was put on. the rack to
find how he knew the John Sullivan who
came to him v;as the John Sullivan h©
wanted, and twenty minutes of question
ing brought only this— that the letter
Chretien said he wrote to the Sullivan in
Soho square was the only evidence the
Evergreen Sullivan carried. Then he had
a lot to say of his affidavit, and with some
difficulty and much explanation rehashed
it into shape to conform to his previous
testimony. Then he remembered that
"Hadsted" was one of Sullivan"s friends,
and then McEnerney plunged Into the
middle of the conspiracy.
Mr. Chretien, what is the Christian name of
Mr. Hansted? Fred.
Kred Hansted? Yes.
Popularly known as "Dutchy" ? Professor
Young Dutchy, yes, sir.
.Do you know Charles Latner? I don't think
so: I might know him; I don't recall the name
now. I don't think I ever saw him.
Did you ever meet "Dutchy" at Ortion &
And you waited for this typewriter to finish
the last page? That is my impression now,
yes, sir.
So that this deposition never was, in its
typewritten form, read over to Sullivan? I
think it was; I think Mr. Sullivan went back
without me to Mr. Ruef's office and It was
read to him.
You don't know anything about that, do you?
Well, I don't know positively, I was simply
told so.
Who told you? Mr. Ruef and Mr. Sullivan,
both. " . •» ¦ •
But you had pone to Knox's offlce and Sul
livan had signed it in Knox's office? I don't
say that: I don't know whether be signed It In
Knox's office or !n Mr. Ruef's ofice.
Well, did he sign It In Mr. Ruefs offlce? I
don't know. ,
Did he sign It at all? I suppose he did.
Do you know? I do not.
You know nothing about It? I know noth
ing about it.
Did you go from Ruef's office to Knox's of
fice? Tes, sir.
What did you go for? I accompanied him over
there and Mr. Keene.
You accompanied whom over? Mr. Sullivan.
And who else? Mr. Keene.
For what purpose did you go to Knox's of
flce? I suppose he went up there to take his
oath.
Didn't he take his oath before the questions
were put and answers given? Don't you know
that that Is always done? No; I don't think
it was.
So that you took his testamony first and
swore him afterward— Is that it? That I would
not say, because he was in Mr. Ruef's offlce
before I came there. I don't know what was
done before I came there.
Who was In Mr. Ruef's office? Mr. Sullivan.
Then you say that so far as you know the
testimony waa taken before Mr. Knox before
"THE CALL IS SERVING NO ULTERIOR
PURPOSE, BUT ONLY THE PUBLIC GOOD"
SWILL say in behalf of myself that I am the attorney for The Call, and The Call has no object to serve
in this investigation or in this proceeding except justice, let it fall where it may. We wish to punish no
person, we are seeking 1 nothing except that the light of truth may shine upon what we consider a trans
action which degrades the bar and casts reflections upon the bench. I think it is the duty of every lawyer
connected with the case, as it has been your Honor's pleasure and your conduct throughout this case, to
give the fullest and deepest and broadest scope to this investigation. Beyond that The Call is serving no
ulterior purpose, but only the public good.— Mr. Preston's statement in open court tcben Jamt% Taylor Rogers oh
jecttd to assist the court with his testimony.
I don't know whether it was signed In Mr.
Ruef's office or in Mr. Knox's office. I know
we all went over to Mr. Knox's office.
Who went over to Mr. Knox's office? Mr.
Keene, Mr. Sullivan and myself.
And Mr.- Cognet and Mr. Knox were in Mr.
Kriox's office? Yes, sir.
Then your testimony is this, that that depo
sition was signed— you saw it completed, didn't
you? I saw it completed, yes— that is, it was
net
< Interrupting) You did not see him sign his
name to it? No, sir: I did not.
Ami there was nobody in that room when
that was sipned except Knox. Cogr.et, you,
Keene and Sullivan? Provided it was signed
then.
Well, do you know whether it was signed or
not? I do not; I don't know that it was signed
there, either in one place or the other.
So you are not prepared to say that you know
whether this deposition was signed there? No.
not at the moment.
You don't know but that It wan signed be
fore you went down to Knox's office? I don't
know. I don't know whether It was signed in
Mr. Ruef's office or in Mr. Knox's office, but
I know we went over to Knsx's office after
ward.
What did you go over to Mr. Knox's office
for? Well I suppose to turn over the deposition
to him. I walked over there with them.
Where waa the deposition? Mr. Keene had it.
Mr. Keene had the deposition? I never had
it in my possession at all.
What stenographer took the deposition? Mr.
Ruef's stenographer.'
You went to Mr. Ruef's office to get the dep
osition typewritten. It was typewritten by the
stenographer before you went there. You went
there for what purpose, to read it over? No,
eir.
Did you go there to hear them read it? No,
sir; after it was taken down in shorthand it
was read over by the stenographer to him, and
A_A— A— A— A — A A —A ' A-A— A.
TRAIL OF THE CONSPIRATORS IN THEIR PRODUCTION OF A BOGUS HEIR
It la the same man whose deposition was
taken, but —
You won't affirm that the man whose depo
sition T\as takon signed the deposition? No,
because I did not see do it.
We will have to refpr to Mr. Keene and
Mr. Knox for that? Yes.
You say John Sullivan Fijrr.od the power of
attorney? Ye?, Fir: he signed it in the pres
ence of Mr. Forman.
And th? witnesses? Yes, sir.
There is no question that the man that you
thir.k if John Sullivan sifrned the power of
attorney? Yee, sir.
And there is no ilnubt that the man whose
deposition was taken is the man, that you
think is J^hn Sullivan? Yes. sir; but I don't
know whether he signed it; I presume he did.
but I don't know.
Where was the deposition signed? I think
in Mr. Knox'f office.
Were you present when it was signed? I
wag at one end of the room.
You were in the room when It waa signed.
Now, who were there in that room when it
was signed? I think Mr. Ruef — no, Mr. Keene
! was there and I think Mr. Knox and Mr. — a
I little Fhort man. a Frenchman.
Mr. Ruef— Mr. Cognet? Yes. sir.
Mr. McEnerney— So that you think that the
rotary public was there and the witnesses, and
you. don't know whether there was anybody
representing the Public Administrator or not?
When was that? I can't give you the date. '
Did you meet in the saloon of Ortion & Ger
hart, at the corner of Powell and O'Farrell
streets, a man who had been formerly an un
dertaker at Seattle? Not that I know of. The
only man that I knew was Professor Dutchy.
I met him there.
How often did you meet him? I met him
twice.
When did you meet "Dutchy" at that sa
loon' I don't know that: ha telephoned to ray
house and wanted me to meet him there about
8 o'clock in the morniDg.
What business did he' have with you? He I
told me that he was having- a terrible time with '
Sullivan, that Sullivan had stolen his clothes J
and he had a terrible time with htm.
When was the next time you went to lhat
Ealoon to meet "Dutch/'? I don't know how
soon after that It was.
What was the occasion for that Interview
with "Dutchy" there? The same thing.
He was a close bosom friend of Sullivan's?
He wan, sir.
An outrider In the case? Not In the case at
all: he waa kind of taking ctutrge of Mr. Sul
livan and looking out for him.
And when you wanted Sullivan, you (In
terruptinsr) I always sent for him.
You got "Dutchy" to dig him' up? That Is
rlRht.
I asked you this question this morning, but
your lacaory may be refreshed about It now:
Have you had any financial transactions with
"Dutchy" Independent of the Sullivan case?
No,- sir.
Never loaned him any money, or gave htm
any? No. sir.
Are you sure of that? How do you mean,
never gave him any money?
Took it from your hand and put it Into his.
Oh. yes, I did. I gave him various small
amounts.
What was the largest amount that you ever
bestowed upon blm? I think twenty dollars.
And what waa the smallest? Fifty cents, I
think.
When did you give him the twenty dollars?
I couldn't give you the date.
How much have you given him In the ag
gregate? I think, let me see. about sixty
dollars— sixty or seventy dollars.
How much of that did you give him before
you met Sullivan? Not a cent.
All of It elnce >ou met Sullivan. Yes, sir:
yes, sir.
How much did you give him when you sent
him up to court— and to find Sullivan? Five
dollars.
Did he accompany you and Sullivan to the
bank when you drew any of this Sullivan
money? I think he did: yes, he did.
You are Bure of that? Yes. I am pretty
sure he did.
Was he paid any money by Mr. Sullivan?
That I don't know.
Are you positive of that? I am positive of Jt.
Didn't you go to "Dutchy" and ask him, to
get some one to personate Sullivan No, .air.
(Continuing) And agree to give him five dol
lars a day and a third of the estate for so
doing? No, sir.
Do you swear to that? Positively.
Did you ever have any talk with him on this
estate not; in the presence of Mr. Sullivan?
How is that question?
Did you ever have any talk about this estate
not in the presence of Sullivan? Yes. sir.
Is not the man who impersonated Sullivan
Charles Latner by name? 1 don't know, sir.
What? I don't know, sir.
You are sure of that, are you? I am posi
tive of that.
Y«m say that you never knew "Dutchy" be
fore this? No. sir; I do not.
Oh, you knew him before, did you? No, sir;
I Bay I did not know him before.
Did Sullivan introduce )iim to you? No, sir.
How did you make "Dutchy's" acquaintance?
He spoke to me, was Introduced to me by Mr.
Weatherly.
The same doctor who told you about the
(Interrupting) Yes.
Was the doctor employed in this case? No.
Eir.
Did you pay him any part of your fee? Not a
ten cent piece.
• Or promise him any compensation? Not a
ten cent piece.
Did Weatherly Introduce you to "Dutchy"
before or after you saw Sullivan? I think be
fore.
Did you talk to "Dutchy" about the Sullivan
estate before you met John Sullivan? I don't
think I did.
Well, you know whether you did or not? I
am j>osltive I did not.
You are positive you did not? Te*>, sir.
How long after you saw Sullivan did you first
see Sullivan in "Dutchy's" company? How Is
that question? (By direction the reporter reads
the question.) The second time that Sullivan
came up to the office.
He came accompanied by "Dutchy"? Yes.
How long was It between the first visit that
Sullivan made to your office and his second
visit there? Thrjt I can't say.
A week? Probably less.
Two days? Well, I should say between two
and four days.
Was it more than two days? That I can't
say; I don't know.
Who else visited your office In company with
Sullivan besides "Dutchy" and Goucher? No
body.
Have you any employes In your office? Yes.
sir.
Who are they? I have a colored man.
What Is his name? Colthorp.
Can you rinr him up to come here? Tes. sir.
Mr. Bailiff, would ycu mind taking a mess
age? How can we telephone for him? Main
1343.
He can ccme now, can't he? If you want
him, certainly.
Dutchy "Was a Borrower.
Gerhart's saloon, at the comer of Powell and
OFarrell streets? Yes. sir; I did.
Did you meet Mr. Sullivan there with him?
No, sir.
Are you Bure of that? Positive.
Never met him there? I never saw him In
that place.
You never saw Sullivan in that place? No.
sir.
IMd you ever see Charles Latner there? I
dor't. think I know Mr. Latner. I don't know
who he is.
Did you ever meet Sullivan and "Dutchy"
at Rome Harris"? Yes. sir. In front of It. In
the cigar btore.
Well, in back of It? No, sir. In front.
You never sat down and had a drink in the
back room? No. sir.
You are sure of that? Positive of Jt.
Did you ever see "Dutchy" In the back
room alone? Often.
Between January and May, 1900? Yes, sir.
I did not know him before that.
Dutchy Went to the Bank.
clerk's desk and, surrounded by eager and expectant lawyers, wrote the name of John Sullivan five times. Tha signature which he placed upon the paper was, as far as a layman ? j
could observe, identical with the signature upon a receipt which Abraham Ruef, the attorney for the -Public Administrator, accepted as the acknowledgment of the heir of Joseph f j
Sullivan that he had received his brother's estate in full. Later in the day the negro confessed to the District Attorney, the Chief of Detectives and two attorneys representing Judge t
Troutt, that he had actually signed the receipt which is in the possession/of Attorney Ruef. The shameless conspiracy which The Call exposed had been admitted.
CHRETIEN'S SERVANT WRITES THE NAME WHICH EXPOSES THE PLOT, t
<4-
f «^ ET-TX)ir has there been enacted in a Court in San Francisco as dramatic a scene as was that of yesterday afternoon, when ths negro employe of John M. Chretien, the notorious »
2^^ lawyer, ot.e called into court and made to sign the name of John Sullivan, the purported heir to the estate of a man who had died in this city. The negro took his place at the •'•
p jj"^HE upper signature is that which is signed to the receipt
|j of the alleged heir of Joseph Sullivan, admitting that he
had received in full from Public Administrator John A.
Drinkhouse the estate of Joseph Sullivan, his brother. The
signature below it Is that which the negro employe of John M.
Chretien wrote yesterday afternoon in the court room of Judge
James M. Troutt while under examination.
>.r. P.uef-I think the witness ought to be
¦JlOWed tr. rxnlain.
The Cou-t— Ortainly. Do you de»lre to make
tn oiplanatior?
Why. yes. I want to explain how Mr Bow
/or, <e.w «n v.rite to me and how I came to
v-ite to Mr. BowdfTi.
Mr. HrEnernejr— I am willing that you
rhould. T\"rien did you have your first conver
sation with Mr. Bowden about Sullivan?
Kuef Wants Protection.
Mr. Ruef— .T:ift one minute. There is a little
rt;ot*ctlcn that we desire also. If we can set
it. sltm! we would like to have the explanation
c»tc. if it is to !»e made.
Tfc«* Court— Mr. Chretien desires to make an
explanation.
Mr. M<-Enemey— Very well.
. ¦ The WHiii— Illmi Mr. Sullivan left me the
£*.y that he came into my office I told him to
riira that |«wpt of attorney and send It up to
ire. That wa* In the latter part of January.
A fay or two after that I received the power
of attorney and discovered that !t was not cx
e-^-uted before » notary, that it w»* the original
power of attorney that I had »ent to Soho
fi^^;are. England, and it had been to England
and back again: and when I discovered that
It Wi* not executed properly before a notary
rubllr I sent it to Mr. liowden with the re
oufrt that he have Mr, Sullivan come In and
¦ rkrpwiedge it and fend it to roe. Mr. Bow
<Sen thereupon wrote the letter which you have
in your hands now. .
V,t"~- » tb* ictttr' "-*• na V eoav of the ,
I knew, but I wou'.d rather have the letter.
Well. I have not got that letter — I have got
. I Hwt.li! yoo said he told you he had It
there? I will correct myself. He eald he had
It cewn home. I raid "Where?" He said
"Down at f=a.n Jose— Evergreen." I eald.
'"Kend it t:ji to me."
' He f.id you he was living at Evergreen, did
he ? Tes. eir.
D'.fl you ever writ* t" him st Eversrreen?
No, sir. hut I wrote to Mr. Bowden.
You wrote to Mr. IJowden? Yes. s!r.
Have you got the letter to Hr. Bowden? Te«
#ir.
Lrf-t rr.e have it, pletse. Well, before I get to
that I would like to explain.
You fail you ad<!re«R<*a' it Evergreen; address
ed what Evergreen? When I sent it down there
"Well. If yon are the Jchn Sullivan where is
the power rif attorney that I sent to you?" He
•aid. ¦ - Oh. I have pot that down in San Jose "
I eaid. "Well. I wish you would sign It and
tring it up here." So that fortifies my mind
that I dicn't see the envelope; thai the power
cf attorney wax in the envelope. I then said.
"tiizn the power of attorney and bring: It up.
<r etcd it to me." He sent it up a counle of
days after that.
Vii he t'll you where he wa.» stepping? I
eddresped it Everrreen.
You addressed it Evergreen? Yes. sir.
Addressed wtat Evergreen? How do you
mean ?
It w»j in a long envelope, just like this. th»
rarr.e sf you ha\*- there, and I eaid to him.
Very wei].- i will take the explanation now.
No, no, the question ig did you ever see the
envelope? i 4, n't think I did. I ask to «-V-
I.Iain why I did not.
Well, will you thir.k for a minute r.r two and
then £iv« u» your heyt reooileotion? He handed
nw ihe Setter, and the mir.ute 1 st St
I knew it was the letter that I had written.
Th<r I ask'-d htrr.. I faid—
• Did h« har.d fen the letter, or the letter and
the <-nveloi>e? He did not hand m» the en
\ei<~pe.
You never raw the envelope? I don't know
whether I di.i cr not.
TV*bo introduced you to him? He walked into
the ..face v.ith that letter that I had written
to turn at 34 Bobo Square.
What c-nv*>r«it!cn dii you have with him?
lie cune in and a*ke4 n»e if I wu looking for
a rr.an t-y th<:- name of Jr.hn He said
•you have l.^en locking for a man by the
rarce of Hullivan?" I raid, "No, sir," I did
not realize. I did not knrw what it na/. Ar.<i
ihen he said. "DUa't 5'U write this letter?'
And he h»r.<ifd n.e the letter, and 1 said "Oh.
this is a different tl.lr.g." And then he told
me e bout himself.
Walked Into the Office.
, Have ycu any means of fixing the date? I
th:ck I can. <es, tir. It was the latter part o*
January.
Ycu raw him the latter part of January?
!>!=. fir.
March. 1;*X'? Or Fetruarj-. (The witness con
retts his farers) I think it was March or
Pebroazr-
When did you firtt ir.ake his acquaintance?
Seme t'.rrs* this year.- I thirjt it was in March.
Dr. Weatherly told yon that there
wa«? a John Sullivan who wts in cor-
I f TrfflfflfiTH »iih Bennett, the barrister.
*r.<i that he. Bennett, the barrister, could find
Jrhn EnHlvaa in the L'r.ited Kingdom If he
was there; :s that it? I would not !>e posi
tive ebout it. but the letter will *peak for
Itself, i »i:i bring the letter ar.d we will see
be letter.
From the dar.seroes ground of the do
ir:gs of B^nnptt. the barrister. Chretien
V2<= ifd among the pitfalls of his rela
tions with John Sullivan, the pseudo heir.
McEnerr.ey started with Sullivan's first
appearance. He asked:
iJid he tell jou why he thought Bennett, the
barrister, could f.rd John Sullivan in the
t'r.;ttd Kir.Kdom? 1 thir.k that he was in cor-
with either Mr. Bennett or son:e
b'.-^y by th.e name of Sullivan, or fomethlng
of that sort. The letter speaks for itself. I
wi!! Vrirj: out the letter.
lJT. Weatheriy told you that Sullivan could
If tr-'jr.d t>v Bennett, the barrister, did he?
F:ret of ell. he cave me th'.s address, this
here, and then I wrote to the other address
or. li-.e J5Ui cf October, wasn't it? Yi-s.
The f.rs--t a-lin-sa that Weatheriy gave you
was Mr. Be:in»u. the tarritter; is that right?
1 thisk eo; ye».
Ycu dij? Vm, Fir.
Where i* that letter? I am going to give
jou that ihi* afternoon.
Y"u wrote to Bennett. Sid you? Why. yes.
Th* r*rriner? No. I wrote to Sullivan— to
Mr. Bennett, 1 think it is.
Bennett the Barrister.
How <iid you know that B«nnett. the bar
fittuT, had ter.t ynu back that l"tter of £ep
terober 1« addrersed to John Sullivan? F^
ctus* bis r.iE( was en the ouifide of the. es-
Wns tberc ar.y letter iriClose"! Trrm Bennett,
the bamfter? No, fir; I don't thir-k th^re was;
I pcrcr received any that I can recollect. If I
had I wotud have h&'l it.
?r> jou had no cr.rreFj>or.der.ce with Bennett,
the barr.Fter, rnor to October 2*. 1SVS? Why,
here It t-ayt— why, yes, 1 tent this on Septem
ber 18
You tent it to Jchn Sullivan, did you not?
I arn ttlkir.g stout Bennett, the barrister.
Tou tay ycu never wrcte to Bennett nor re
ceive.3 Ar.y letter from hinj prior to October Zi,
ttM? Well. V wrote on fiertember l*.
Mr. Uch;ne.\ey— pjeaFe to read the question
to the witness. Mr. Iie;-oitcr.
• The r. -porter reads as requested. )
1 *o underet&nd it; I tay on the l«th of Sep
tprr.ber.
The first tetter that I rer.t to Wharton street.
That is en 5erte:r.ber IS, you wrote John
Fullivar. z. letter? You have got the d2te.»
the*e.
V.>!1. yr-u ;u«t take the letter and read It. be
cause I "want you to understand the thirg.
\- -, '-:'-
P'.d yu on Sertember 18 write John Sullivan
a letter? Yes, t-r.
Was that letter refjrr.e-1 to you by a bar
ri; er - r.zrr.~i Ber.ncttT Yes, tlr.
Ti-f first time Mr. Weatherly gave me that
arlros? then when the letter was returned I
mu him sjrain end shcw.pl :t to him. Then he
p-^\ * m* the other adiress. -¦--< ¦-'¦-
T"~e firft time you taw Mr. V. eatherij- he
gz\e you thai address? That address.
Wfcicb?
itster* Yes, I think he did.
What did he tell you about his acquaintance
*. :'h John SuIMvan or Joseph Sullivan. \\ hy.
I dor.'t think r.e told me anything about the
What ?* I cay I don't think that he told me
aoythlac about any acquaintance
Hid re s*y that he had known Joseph Sulli-
f.e%ay r 'that he knew Joseph Sullivan's
brother? No, Fir.
Did he tell you that he knew a man named
.'. hr. EuItlrmJif No: I don't think he d^d.
Wfcat :n-i\icr-<i you to vrrite to John fcul.lvan
st '6 Whartoa street? Because he tMd me that
m a'! likelihood this man would know him, be
cause It v.as in the neighborhood of that place.
I- tbc neighborhood of what place? Bobo
-" j'eqtiare? I eurpose *o: I suppose that Is
It; I d<n : know; I bar* never been there. He
pave bm the two acdretses at two different
-He thought that P. Walker at JS Wharton
rtrwt :T Mr. Bennett (Interrupting-* Well.
r.-vw. I T.-on"t be poi-itlve about that. All that
I know is that 1 get those addresses.
ttV.l £ ; &ni you thir-k It very stranee that
r>r Weatherly would tell you that a man
raraed P. WaJker becaus- he lived in
the neighborhood of Bobs square would know
Jobs •=¦ 1'ivan" Well. I dr>n t know that that
was the reas-n. 1 know this, that he gave me
thes-e two addressps. and I want to be as exact
as 1 j* f f!b!y can. I know he gave rce the two
fissr^mV*™*"*"! Mr - Bennett - th<
Did you receive any letters from hini? Xo,
"what did you mean by th!s letter of October
J-* It his l-een returned to me by Mr. Ben
nctt the barrister. £s it was scot to the wrong
tOftm Writ I HJppOM h«» returned a letter.
I did not receive any letter from him.
How £:l v-j know it came from Bennett, the
barrister? W«U. I purpose n was on the en
relopc; I can't tell you now.
I '.ou write that Utter to John Sullivan?
fccnOI&S to the witness a letter dated San
Francisco. October 21. VB». OB the letter head
cf t::e witrw and reading it). Ye*, sir: that
'f r'ght New I can can explain that. Now I
re.-ti! £ir."e you have read the letter to me.
Nrw I can explain it to you. Mr. McEnerney.
Fid&n. but I bPlieve he Is connected with the
;..•;.:-. now. '¦
I.»id he «*ver conduct a paper here .
Vex. fir: that is. a racinc paper.
A racing fiaper? Yef. Sir. ' ,
\\'h«-n cid he tell poa anything about Sul
li\an? At the tsn:e that that letter fpeaks of
there. ,
In thlt- letter you refer to a. man named
Eerom ard rail him a barrlsfr? T««. Mr.
Who is that man? That Is the address that
l*r. Weathrrly K«ve me. -
Who pave you the addre*e P. talker. Jn
¦ Ul.m csre you sent the letter of October -a.
1 think that I g«t that from Mr. Weaxherly.
Fo that Mr. Weatherty furnished you the
««rr« cf John Sullivan, the nan* of Mr.
WaJker and the name of Mr. Bennett, the bar-
Mr. Rogers— If your Honor please, not desir
ing to waive any rights at this time. I want
to make three objections, aad then I will pro
ceed. If you overrule them: First, the decrea
of distribution not having bear* legally vacated,
this court has no Jurisdiction In any way as to
matters preceding that determination, and has
no power to entertain thia proceeding; second,
the court has no power herein, as no charges
against me for professional misconduct havs
been filed or served as required by law;
third, the attorneys appointed herein are the
attorneys of Tha Call and axs Interested as its
representatives.
Mr. McEnerney— Sow, I want to »ay that I
am not the attorney of Tha Call, aad that I
do not appear here in that capacity, and that
we are not now making any application for tha
disbarment of Mr. Rogers. Whether much an
application ought to b« made or not will b«
determined by the facts as they are developed.
It seems to me that an attorney who comes
hero In a proceeding U'*e thia ought to b«
v^ry glad to irive the court the benefit of alt
cf his information, and the fact that he does
not comes in very bad taste from him.
Mr. Rogers— He has no right to make that
anrument at thfs time.
The Court— That la In answer to your objec
tion.
Mr. TJoyd— I wish to say that I am not th«
attorney for The Call.
Mr. McEnerney— We are willing to be, but
we are not. /
Mr. Preston— I will i«y la behalf of mys«»1f
that I am the attorney for The fall, and Tha
Call has no object to serve in this investiga
tion or in this proceeding except Justice let it
fall where It may. We wish to punUh no per
jon: we ar*> seeking nothing except that th«
lisrht of truth may shine upon -what we con
sider a transaction which degrades the bar
and casts reflections upon the bench. I thin*
It is the duty of every lawyer connected with
Mr. McEnerney— Mr. Rogers, I produce from
the flies of the estate of Joseph Sullivan, de
ceased, a document marked "'Xotice of ap
pearance for heirs." filed October 15. Ui>.
wherein James Taylor Rogers enters his ap
pearance for Mary Ann Sulllrao. Helena Sul
livan and Phillip Sullivan, purporting to r-»
nteces and nephew of the decedent. Joseph Sul
livan, and I ask If that paper was drawn
by you and bears your signature?
After Rauer came Chretien again to
acknowledge the receipt which Sullivan
had made to the Public Administrator.
It waa witnessed by Amos Collins, whom
Chretien said he saw sign the receipt, and
It was seen that Collins wrote strangely
like Chretien himself. The receipt was
acknowledged before Lee D. CraJs. tha
notary public.
Then. "What i3 the color of this man
Sullivan?" McEnerney asked suddenly.
"What do you mean?" asked Chretien,
as he looked up quickly.
"Is he a negro or a Caucasian T" de
manded McEnerney.
"He Is white." replied Chretien In a low
voice; and then he was let go for the
day.
Rogers Makes Moan.
James Taylor Rogers was the last wit
ness of the day. and his examination was
uncompleted when the court adjourned.
lie opened fiercely, but became more
quiet later. Mr. McEnerney asked:
How did you pay the J6O) in addition trj
the $750 evidenced by the check just offered
in evidence? I paid it in cash: i^ido In cash
and J7oO by check. I had given them J30O In
cash when'l took the assignment for **».
As the negro wrote there was a d>r*d
silence in the courtroom, and as one by
one he penned the signatures, so like
those of the "heir." those around him
looked at one another as they began to
realize where the case was drifting. When
the nejrro left the stand it was plainly all
over for Chretien.
Then Jake Rauer came to tell of his
financial transactions with Chretien and
the mythical Sullivan. McEnerney asked:
¦What was the Erst conversation ai>out th»
Sullivan estate that you had with Mr. Chre
tien. Mr. Raucr? Mr. Chretien wanted to
borrow some money and he said that thens
was such and such an estate. I told Mr.
Perry, my attorney, to go out and see ¦whether
It was regular or not. He reported to me,
that it was and I made a loan and took an
assignment fcr JSOO on April 2S. 1S00. I never
gave anybody any money on account of th!»
estate before that *S0O assignment. 1 didn't
know anything about It except subsequent to
that date. I think I paid Mr. Chretien by
•check. Mr. Chretien got t^O>"X^ in money and
he was indebted to me. I thfhk. $:''. and IV. .
was the bonus. My next transaction with him
was after the decree was signed, on the sin
day of May.
What wa9 the transaction on that dote?
There was 11350.
All in one check? No, there was en* to
Sullivan and the other cash.
The check for 1750. payable to the order of
John Sullivan, dated May 4. 1300. waa her*
offered in evidence by Mr. McEnerney.
You gave that check on the 4th of May.
didn't you. Mr. Rauer? It was on the 4th.
the afternoon. I shall have to go on aad ex
plain that $S0O transaction. I thought I would
get It when the decree waa signed. When I
went to Mr. Ruef's office Mr. Ruef said I
had to wait sixty day*. Well, of course, ilr.
Chretien said that his client waa going away
and then I told him I would give him J13iO
and take the estate. So Mr. Ruef Insisted upon
it that the receipts should be signed by Mr.
Sullivan and acknowledged, these two receipts.
The Black John Sullivan.
The Clerk— Tes, «ir. .
Mr. McEnerney— Will you writs the narne o.
John Sullivan, please? rThe witness writes*.
W"ite It for me five times, pleas*. W rite it tor
us with a pointed pen as well a3 with a stua.
<The witness writes as recreated).
Did you ever sign any papers for Mr. Chre
tien? Not to my knowledge.
Did you write that "John Sullivan there,
'handing the witness the power cf attorney
from Sullivan to Chretien!. I don't think so
Well now lock at it a«ain: didr. t you? I
don't think so. Mr. McEnerr.ey
What do you say about that? I don t know,
sir. what to think about It.
Well, don't you remember that you signed
that for Mr. Chretien? I don't remember it.
You don"t remember It? No. sir.
Did you ever sign any papers for Mr. OW
tlen? I did not. I have never written aaythms
fcr him. .,
Does that look like your handwriting, we-,
It kind of resembles it very much.
Well, don't you remember wrttlag that. r»o.
The paper which I showed you is the povc»r
of attorney from John Sullivan to John M.
Chretien, dated March I. 13<)0. Now I sho-.v you
a receipt to John A. Drlnkhouse. administra
tor, dated May 4. 1SO«. and I ask you if you
did not write "John Sullivan" there? Well.
that looks like my writing very much.
Mr. Lloyd— It locks very much like your writ-
Ins? Yes, eir.
Mr. McEnerney— Beth of them look very
much like your writing, do they not? Eoth of
them resemble it very muen— yes. sir.
Mr. McEnerney— I will offer in evidence the
witness' exemplars, the five signatures written
by him.
Both those signatures look very much Uka
ynurs, don't they? Yes, sir.
Mr. McEnerney — That is al!. Tou come here
to-morrow morning. B"b. will you please?
The Witness— All rl~ht; what time?
Mr. McEnerney— 10 o'clock.
The Witness— Ye?, sir.
How many visits to the Anglo-California Ban'<
have you made to cash checks in the Sullivan
Did you so with Sullivan and "Dutchy"
more than once? I don't think bo.
Are you sure about that. Mr. Chretien? J.O.
I rnTght have gone twice; I «ould not .ay
P How C incn did you go there with Sullivan t
Only that once.
Dutchy Took the Money.
How much was collected on tte check? I
th \Vhat r was done with the \TJ> when It waj r-
ceiveS u™ the check. wM >» *?» **~*
en<-e and In tho rresenee of "Dutchy by toui-
Hvaa? Sullivan handed it to Dutchy- and
they walked off together with it.
So that "Dutcby" went off with the HA
did he? With Sullivan. ye« «tr. . ..
Well, the money was handed to Dutchy.
W Tou U havV!' dtotfcwt recollection about that?
that he had ever h^
wer» together all the tlnr.e. and . ~ ,,
i < Interrupting) Was Sullivan » banfcer.
I don't know; 1 jruess he was. .
Was Goucher present at the cashes o. any
Cl Thi.s ended 'the grilling of Chretien for
a while, at !ea»t and he gave place ¦ t..
Denis Donohoe of the law firm of tor
mac. Donohoe & Baum. attorneys to the
iJJcal British Consul. They -had ! lent some
assistance in the search for heirs, a- 1
Donohoe came to Identify some unimpor
tant letters on the subject. Then he ga\e
place to Robert C'olrithorp. the n*s™
janitor of Chretien's office. His examina
tion was as follows:
Mr. McEnerney— What is year business? Jan
"°Mr. McEnerney-Mr. Clerk, would y°« >«
llr. Coldthorp sit there at your des* and wr*..*
tor me?
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
2
feeling Poorly?
Appetite poor and you are all run down,
dull, tired and without energy? Can't
sleep? "What you need is a good tonlns
up -with a course of Hood's Sarsaparilla
This medicine purifies, enriches and vital-
izes the blood, strengthens the stomach.
quiets the nerves, regulates the kldneya
and pives vitality to the whole system.
Hood's Sarsapamiia
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Prepared
only by C. I. HOOD & CO.. Lowell, Mass.
Hood's "Pills cure liver Ills; the~non-lrrltatlng
and only cathartic to take with Hood'» Bar-
sayarilla. ~~ " """""ROOSEVELT TO OPEN
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
others have staked placer claims on the
lands covered by their stakes. There -will
be no end of mix-up over this, /u^ge
Dujras says regulations must be made nx-
IBS the size of claims. Hundreds of claims
have been taken up by the miners and
great excitement prevails at Dawson.
Letters which have reached Dawson
from Cape Nome say the district has oeen
overboorned and wages had dropped to
$1 SO and $2 per day.
The prize fight at Dawson on July 3. ac
cording to telegrams brought by the Cot
tage Citv. was won by Frank blavln. ivho
krocked" cut Perkins in thirteen rounds.
The Gcetze case Is one Involving the constitutionality of the Pcrto RIcan tarlS.
It was decided In favor of the Government in the lower courts. ShouJd the Su
preme Court reverse that decision the effect would be to abolish the colZectloa
cf customs duties on commerce between the United States and Porto Rico.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. W.VSHDIGTON. July
Ik—Whether the constitution of the United Stares extends over Porto Rico
probably will be finally declde-i by the Supreme Court c* the United States scon
after the beginning of the next sesslcn of Congress. Th» pap«ra In. ths case or
Goetze against the United States, a case appealed from the Circuit Court for ta«
Southern district of New York, are now In tbe Clerk's ofSce cf tha Supreme Cotirt
and the case will be docketed In a few days. In the meantime &s efTsrt Is b«inj
made by the attorneys representing both sides to ask for an. aivanc«n:ent cf t5a
case on the docket. A motion to adept car not be cade before th© court meat* la
October. If It Is then made by an. agreement between both sides. It Is probable
that the case will b« set down to be heard en the first Mcnday Iri December.
However this may be. the case will not be heard by the court, much less de
cided, until after the November elections and th© constitutional Question Isvaived
will be one of the issues In the campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"You little blackguard!"
I Before he could mouilt the steps of the Presidential tribune he was seized by several ushers, who. with the help of
friends cf M. de Baudey d'Aison, dragged him from the Chamber, he all the while struggling and railing at *il. Deschanel
at the top of his voice. Ills friends were even obliged to place their hands over hts mouth. M. de Baudey d'Aiscn's
rage was so ridiculous that M. Deschanel himself was unable to restrain from laughling. ajid he decided to take no official
notice of M. ds Baudey Aison's conduct.
The remainder of the session passed off calmly, nothing- more being heard of M. de Eaudey d'Aison until Premier
•YValdeck-Rousseau read the decree of dissolution, which was greeted with cries of "Vive le republlque!" when M. de Bau
dey d'Aison fired a parting shot, shouting- "Long live the king!"
PARIS. July 10.— The Senate and Chamber of Deputies to-day concluded the debate upon the budget and were pro
rogued until au-turnn. The session of the Chamber of Deputies has been unusually tumultuous and it preserved this
character to the last, to-day's sitting being marked by one or two noisy incidents. The first of these arose over the
I supplementary list of decorations.
-*- In connection with the decorations, M. Brey, Conservative, declared that M. Millerand. the Minister of Com
merce, chose the Jurors from among his political friends. The members of the Left protested against this statement,
whereupon MJ Brey stigmatized them as "a servile majority cf the Government." An uproar ensued. M. Brev was cen
sured for his expressions by M. Deschanel. President of the Chamber.
A little later another Conservative, il. de Baudey d'Aison. indulged in unparliamentary remarks and wa3 promptly
called to order. This annoyed him and he continued a series of interruptions of the speakers who followed, until M. Des
cr.anel said:
'"You are making me tired, M. de Baudey d'Aison.'*
At these words the latter quite lost his temper and. springing up. screamed at M. Deschanel with clinched Cats.
shouting: *
Upon the Reading of the Decree of Dissolution the. Belligerent
Member Shouted "Long Live the King/' and Was
Hustled Out by Friends.
De Baudey d'Aison Galls Deschanel a "Little
Blackguard" and Is Dragged From
the Hall.
Special Oterate* tc Th* Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. July 10.— The steamer !
CotLi.c.e </ity. -which arr«vefl to-nignt with
a largo number of Klondikers and about
5300.0CO In gold, brought news of consider
able excitement over the recent finds of
conglomerate !n the Indian River district.
The new district is said to be richer than I
the famous Rand about Johannesburg. '
JuJpe Dujras of Daw«on. who arrived to- •
night on his way to Ottawa, brought sam- :
pies of the ore. He says assays have
pivea from JS to 42S to the ton. Judge (
Dti?a« says th^re are thousands of miles •
of this conplorrerate belt. v.-hich run3 '
about a foot and a half in thickness, -with i
gco<l rich gravel below.
Owing to the strange nature of the beit i
miners are in a quar/inry whether to ;
••take quartz or r-iacer claims. Numbers |
cf the locators have stak*n1 the larcer i
areas given to quartz locations, while j
CONGLOMERATE BELT
AT INDIAN RIVER
fro to \ViMiam D. Oidham. who nominated
Bryan at Kanf-as City. th«>re are from
thr-?e to a dozen aspirants for each, with
the support so evenly divided in most in
stances as to make a prediction impossi
ble.
The question of party division of offices
i? the only on? which threatens to cause
trouble At present the Pcpulist* have all
but Attorney «>er>era! and lieutenant Gov
ernor. The Silver Republicans have been
granted and are satisfied with the latter
orSce. but the Democrats have been in
siftinsr on rwo besides the Attorney Gen
eral. This the Populists are not -willing to
concede, tastag their argument on the
ground th.1t they have r^dgerl themselves
to vote for a Democrat for President, with
the charters favoring: the putting off of
Towne. their candidate for second place.
In favor of another Democrat. The most
probable result is a compromise, by which
the Democrats will be griven the Treasurer
In addition to the Attorney Gen-eral.
The three conventions will convene in
separate halls at 3 p. m. Some time will
be devoted to speech-making", and It is
expected \Viiiiam J. Bryan will address
one or all of the conventions.
LINCOLN". ?Ceb.. July 10.— render the In
spiration of to-night's ratiScation, with
the added presence of rational leaders.
the three parties comprising- fusion in
Nebraska are expected to corsjuct their
State conventions, to be held here to-mor
row with much harmony and moderate
industry.
¦With the exception of Governor Poyr.ter
and Lieutenant Governor Gilbert all the
present State officers have served two
terms, ar.d by an unwritten law must srU'e*
¦way. Both Governor Poyr.ter ar.d Lieu
tenant Governor Gilbert are candidates for
renomination. The fight which has been
made on Governor Poynter for two
month? past has apparently abr*it spent
Its force, and it is a safe prediction that
he will be rencminated by aecLamatior;-
Lieutenant Governor Gilbert has no oppo
sition. For the remaining office?, with the
exception of Attorney General, which will
FUSI0N1STS GATHER
TO NAME CANDIDATES
was introduced amid tremendous ap-'
plause. He tpoke a^ follows:
I am deeftty prateful to th° p^eople of this
State ;tr.i city for their approval of my nctn
:rva:icn. Four y^ar? aijo the State me
£bo'it lZ.t*>} plurality, and on three occasions
eia^e that time t.\s p*-Dp;e of Nebraska 6.C
cSarM their adherence to the political prin
ciples fcr which I have been contending. I
am not vain enough to belter* that their sup
port is rr.?ant as a peraooaj cc.mpltrr.er.t- I
accept it as an evidence of their devoljon to
the irincip>s to -srhi-h I have been wed<ied.
We enter this car..f^.ign under conditions" far
mors favcrable to •access than thoaa which
¦smoaded us in VOt. Bmv whether we win
tbXa year or not. the fight must be continue-!
until orgar.lrei wealth ceases 10 control the
arfatrs cf tbe nation and It apa:n becomes a
nation cf the r-eople.
I don't care ta enter at the present time
upon a J:?cu5s!on c' the isrurs pr^sent-d by
ti-e platform adopted at Kar.fas City. I can
•sy. however, that it is in my judement the
greatest platform adopted in recent years, if
not in the histor?- ci the co-jntry. i' i« a
greater platfcrm than the Chicago platfcrm.
for It indorses the rrirK'.p!** s«t forth In that
platform and in addition thereto prvstr.ts th»
I party's position upon several new and vital
questions. There is no evasion tbout the plat
| fcrm— no astdsnltj- or no double dealing. It
j is aa clear as the tone?! cf a bell— as clear as
t the tones of a liberty bell. It deals honestly
with the American r-^M-ie. Its candidates are
j fledeed to its mair.ter.arice.
When the convention cr-me to the selection
of & candidate for Vice President there was
diversity of opinion. Some preferred an East
ern candidate, thieving that he would
strengthen the ticket in the Hast. Pome pre
ferr'Hi ilr. Towne, Jcno-» Ing- of the sacrlSce
which he had made for princijle and of his de
votion to the principles set forth in the Chi
cago platform. Gut the choice fell upon a dis
tlr.c"-!i*hed Illinois I>err.ocrat. who once <iis
*-harged with rreat cr»Jit the duties of the of
fice. In the campaign of VSSt, wher. plutocraey
ar.d demccracy met face to fa?e. Ad!ai E. Ste
venj'jn wa« an ab!» and ccuraeeous defender
of r>err.ocraci-- Durir.g th» carr:pc!gn he speke
In seven of ih? clc-s* States. When I visited
Bloorr.injrtcrt, n?ar the close of the campaign,
he was chairman cf the meetiiiK. In beginning
my speech I reterred to him as follows:
"We who have been keepers of the Derao
cratic faith love Adlal Stevenscn. not for what
he is, hut we love him a:s.j t»>cau5e he is all
we have left of the last Democ— itic ticket. The
Bible tells you of the father wtio loved the
prodlga! !K!n when he returned. I tell you of
the Democratic father who loved the son who
went Dot astray."
Issues Greater Than 3l£n.
I know tiiat s.-rr!e of our fillies felt grieved
that they w?re not given the second place upon
th<» ticket, tut I am sure that they casact feei
unkindly toward cne who, like Mr. Stevenson,
was loya! to the ticket nominated at Chicajto
and who is able to defend the masntSeeni. party
creed set forth at Kansas Chy.
In this campaign issues are gwz'.tr than men.
I I shall net ask any one tf> vote cur ticket
merely because it's the ticket of one party. It
de5ter%»s support because it stands fcr the
Declaration of Independence In dealinc with
i the Phiiirrines and fcr the doctrine of equal
j rishts fcr all ar.i speoial privileges to none
j in all domestic questions.
General James B. Weaver aiso spoke at
some length, outlining the work to be
done by the Democratic. Silver Republi- ;
can and Populist parties, ar.d appealing
for harmony for the common. cau.-e. He j
aiso p>aJd tribute to Mr. Stevenson's !
i record In Congress.
•
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Jury D.-The informal
cper.ir.t' of the Democratic Presidential
campaign took place in Lincoln to-day.
In two ratification meetings— one In the
afternoon, conducted by the Populists and
Silver Republicans cf Nebraska, ar.d one
this evening, conducted by the Democrats
— VT. J. Bryan. C. A. Towne. General J.
B. Weaver and other leaders of the par
ties outlined the work of the campaign in
the Interest of Bryan and Stevenson.
Prctifciy 15.0C* persons, a good portion
from distant points in the State, listened
to the speeches and paid homage to the
leaders cf the parties to which they owed
ullef.ance. nearly £*>} people packing the
aadUoxinxai in the afternocn. while 10.0-30
jrathereJ in the Cap;tol grounds in the
* rentes.
llr. Bryan end Mr. Tcwne spoke at both
meetings, although it was their intention
tj d-rlsver adclretscs only at the evening:
meeting, and their remarks, forecasting
i-s they did the fusion of the -Lhrev; parties
on the Democratic national ticket, were
received with ur.tounded enthusiasm. Mr.
Stevenson, who is Mr. Bryan's guest, was
Eometvhat indisposed and did not appear
at the afternoon meeting. He wajs pres
ent at the evemnc Eceu^g. however, and
rcctived an ovation.
••I£r. Bryan cf North America."
At the aftcrr.oca meeting the speakers
Wtre Mr. iiryar.. Congressman Snafroth
of Colorado. ¦'Cyclone Davis of Texas,
feratr assistant Secretary of the Interior
Webster ]_>av;s. Charles A. Towne and
General J. B. Weavtr. Mr. Bryan Fpoke
last and only in response to repeated
caiis. He was wildly cheered a.< Chair
man Ecmiston introduced him as "ilr.
l-r>?n at North America-"
"I fe*l as if 1 ought to apologize for not
being afcie to call myself a former Repub
lican." said Mr. Bryan amid laughter.
Mr. Bryan then paid eloquent tribute to
General Weaver. C A. Towne arid Web
ster Da%*is. forrcer RepubiicariS. saying
that he "wondered how the Republican
who was not tied to his party by oSce
fou-d ref as* to leave the party aid cast
his lot with those who believe in the
Declaration of Independence here and in
South Africa also." He continued:
I riirrly want to say now that the car=paisn
is t*fan to far as the ticket* and the plat
trzr.f- are concern.*- -1. ar.d frc3 now until elec
tion day It win be the duty cf every citizen
f. :gice these is*ue« before the countrj' ar.d
trdeb them. It wt:i t* the duty cf every cltl
ier. to see where his duty lies. There le a.
jrtvile^e la bein* an Aseri^a citizen and
there is a responsibility commensurate with
the prlvQcre. If we lived in a land where & j
kiac th:i:eht fcr us we wouid feel no reapoB- I
eibUity fcr the action of that kln«-. But we j
Uwm :s a. Lan-i wh-re the people dtt>=rrtiir.e the |
potter. W* live is a land where the citizen !
:— .; rf«?e« his own cpinion upon the pov«ra
c-jpnt. where the policy cf th* government may
be tieterrsined by the vote of on^ citizen. And !
I want to leave a th-jupht with th.-«» who are '¦
*:• rote this fail. I war.t every citizen to so
««« a* h* would vote if he knew that his
vet* w.-rjii determine this next election, cjrect
*pr!anse.» Rem«rr.ber what it tr.»ar.«: You
v <^te In >.'et,r»elca ar.d your vote raay determine
the vote cf thi* State en the Pres!.i»r.tial
ticket, and foot state may determine the re- •
BSlt. <ArpIaue«.)
Advice to tiie Vcter.
TVh*';s you pet :<? ihe r-cr.s to vt;te remesber
that you are an American citiien. ¦ Great ap
jlauw.) liemer^ber that your vote may de
t^rrr.ine thl* n*tios'« position and that thi*
"¦»"<» wiU. In a :*.Tf irewjr*. determine the
pubUc orinion o* the world ca th? doctrine •
that ttntmatSSM ccn:e up frca the pe-.jle. i
• Great appease.)
Fcr 12* years th!s r^tioc has hc'.i bef.-re the
¦»-r:i the iieht cf liberty. P"cr more than a
cer.tary it iia» been an exarr^Ie to all the
wcrld. Tea tell me that we can new be ia
eiSercst to what b rslr.ic cr.? Tcu tell me
*hat a rrja who lift* his voice ej?a.ir.st the
<ioctrtae of Imperialism i* pleaiijic ttw c»u»
o< the F*i:tpSnor I teil you he ts pleadrng th*
cause cf 70.CvO.CO0 Amtrican citizens— aye. he
is chaaspioairjs the rijrhts cf the i:reigl!n«
rsa.5«f? cf the wcrli. who lock to America, for
nan-.p>. i Great ajfla^s* aiv! ch*#ring ) I'
every Filipino were to <!> the wcrlj wo-j'.d
go cr.: but if this natlcn. the preates'. republic
tsf the wcrld's t!«crv. puts cnt its light, it
this r-pubtic turn* ite fcack to the doctrir.es
mhici we love-i a cectcry and a Quarter a*ro.
tbea to what ration cf the worli can the peo
ple Io>.k for hope and inspiration? So you
( c(fct U be proad that you ar« an American
C.-.izfn and ar» at':e to say. "If the republic
P ¦** l^«Ti I am net to blame- for its iio-» a
rs.ii-' - tOr^at arr^Iatrse arKl cile-»rE_>
Toxne Adheres to Silver.
At the afternoon meeting Mr. Bryan
and llr. Stevenson were given a trenieri
dooa srreetfr.^ by the crowds. Both were
cheered apain and again as they appeared
en the p!a:f.jrrn.
Mr. Towne delivered the most extended !
tp-e*-ch of the evening meeting-, outllr.ir.gr !
the cairpaijcn arguments on which the ¦'
Democratic party will Rght the campaign ;
of 13^). Mr. Towne gave his Urst atten- ;
ticn to the monetary question, aflinittir.g i
that the 1seu»» h^id chacge<l in in:porrance i
since I s *-*;. but ir.sssting: that it was still a !
live issue ar.d that tne principles of bi- j
rr.etaJlifnj are as true novr as in IS6.
Trusts were denounced a* cji inherent ;
r*LTt of the Republican aJaiinistratlon: !
arcurriulateii -wealth h£d already ir:augu- ;
rated a p*rioi of national decay and to i
the "reform force? cf the country" must :
the rveople look for relief. ContiEuir.g. ¦;
ilr. Towne said:
V.> etar.3 ap^a the thr^«hcl(! of the caTEj-a'.g-n <
cf ISSCt, wherein tie tilted rerrra forces ci the •
country hcp« ar.4 Eatead to r«tcre the action !
cf the Federal G!r«r.n»?.t to the r^inciple* of '
V."a«h:=^Tcn and JeSTerson ir.i to re-«stabli»li ¦
fcy the iplrit ct iVj* tie 4Mn3»s of 1775. The I
rrir.eiple* cf Washtnrtra ar.d J*3?r»on— no al- ;
I1j^:c«s or eztangi-ir.er.ts atrrnd, ar.d at hone '
c-<;ual rlfffcti fcr a!l a-i if*c.ai privliecea to i
ilr. Towne criticized the attitude of this i
Government toward tbe people of Porto }
Rico and tho Philippines.
W* w»Ik«-<I «jrro»» Porto Ri?<> en a r«rp«t cf I
K>-,w»r» •rr»t'l by th* consider:! enthusiasm of |
?be Inhabitants izd w* tare ccrr.p*llf<i thca i
t j Traik ra them In return. \\> arc ptllsg up !
«-xp»T.<i.:ur*s by. huadrp-is cf islilicns en lar..l J
BZii •*» in cr>i»r to tnak* etmm»zc.xl r»tarn$ ;
la chouunilF. We *r» a/Mine to th# str'as^ta t
ci the republ'c ty sacrificing thcufandi of j
h<tr *?=$ to dlwas'". insanity n^i <l««t3. TVe |
hare »;aitt»-d fiur cvn to stand u;«in fcre'.cn J
jtt^ut.<1. \Ve l^aT>; lo^ra^l a i^rtn'Tshlp with I
Kn^land *rh«-«>tn ire Incur «II th.«> darwr«?r and i
rb» r««p» «.![ tlie t^r.rfit. wv have c*a**<3 to ;
Qobtc lb« Declaration cf. in^f^^Unr*. v.> }
have cro*T» coat^tnptuous if th* constitution. ;
\V» have rr<hrifZenf4 "tlMU.xh*rr" and niinr-i 1
it "c.vr.lrjiticn." W> *re putting men to th» I
»»cri ty th'-u»a^c;« cr-J are it call otir*»lves ;
tk«- app£t* of H'.a ibcut arbcae loTlr enOtt .
ctartMd ctstnriM xg'* th« ftngeu m hearcn |
e_r.y ¦ I'ra.re rn «arth. cco-i v'.'l to rr.^r.."
Bryan Praises tiie Platform.
Mr. Tow re was followed by Bxyma. who |
Fifteen Thousand Nebraskans Listen to
Speeches and Show Enthusiasm for the
Head or the Ticket.
Bryan, Towne and Other Leaders
Address Ratification Meetings
at Lincoln.
FUSION FORCES
OPEN CAMPAIGN
FRENCH DEPUTY INSULTS
PRESIDENT OF CHAMBER
the Flag."
Status of the Island Not to Be
Determined Until After the
Election.
Supreme Court Will Decide Next Winte/
Whether "the Constitution Follows
PORTO RICO WILL
REMAIN AN ISSUE
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CAIili, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 19OO.
NEW YORK. July ll.-The World
say*: A plot to assassinate Presi
dent HcKinley has been frustrat
ed It was concocted by a group
of Sr-sr.lsh ard Cuban con5pirators
who had headquarters in New York.
One of the pio'ters weakened and =erit a
\rarnIriR letter to a member of the Repub
lican National Ccmrcittec. Tbe letter was
placed In the hasds of Secretary Charles
IMck. whi referred it to Chairman Odell of
the New Yorfe State Committee for inves
tigation. Cha'.rrr.2n Odell engaged a de
tective, who fpe'viily verified: certain alk
g-atiorjs made in the warning letter.
Thereupon "r. Odell reported to Secre
tary Dick, •orho laid all the facts before
Chairman Mari Hanna. Mr. OdcII's re
port caused treat alarm arsons th» Pres-
SPANISH AND CU
BAN CONSPIRA
TORS PLAN 1 Mc-
KINLEY'SDEATH
*
ider.t's close friends and advisers.
Mr. Odcll made It plain that he regarded
the plot as a matter of the utmost seri
ousness ard urged that extreme precau
tions be ta!:en to keep the President out
of harm's reach.*
Messrs. Dick and Hanna laid the whole
matter before the President shortly before
he departed for Canton. They instructed
Mr. Odell to continue his Investigation
and cautioned him to work with the ut
most secrecy.
To a World reporter Ia3t night Mr
Odell admitted that he and certain mem
bers of. the national committee had dis
covered a plot to assassinate the Presi
dent.
"Yes. it is true," he said, "but I regret
exceedingly that the nfatter has become
public."
H§ was extremely anxious that no ref- '
erence whatever should be made, to the!
matter. \
Special detectives are guarding th« |
President In Canton,
PLOT AGAINST THE LIFE OF
THE PRESIDENT FRUSTRATED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON", Ariz.. July 10.— Johnnie Boy
ett, the cowboy who killed Warren Earp
at Willcox In a saloon quarrel. wa3 ac
quitted by a Coroner's jury- The senti
ment of the community was in accord
with the action of the Jury.
Earp's Slayer Exonerated.
Special Trains to Bear an Iowa Man
to His "Wife's Bier.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
DENVER. July lO.-Asa A. Adams of
?.Iason City. Iowa, almost immediately
after his arrival here to-night received a
telegram that his wife had died. He [
chartered a special train to enable him to !
catch the overland express at Julesburg 1 .
and at Marshalltown. Iowa, will have an
other special to hurry him to her bier.
RACING TO A FUNEBAL.
Z:ZZ pace, JSThv- Corbett won In three stra'.Kbt
heats. Ttme. Iiim. l:lZ l i. 2:13. Pussey Willow.
Haetn Patchen. Texas Je.«sie, Elma. Mount
«"^emons Bey. Yosemfte. Billy George. Fanny
Scrllm«?r and Texas Qu«n also started
1:12 trotting, purse $500 — Letah S won s*cp:v1,
third and fourth heats. Tlra«. 2:11*4. 2:!3>i.
2:ir-i. Kat« McCracken won first heat la 2:U\.
Cummlng. Ellert and iliss Jay also started.
2:3 trottlr.?. JSOO— Battlestpn ¦won In three
straight h?ats. Time, 2:14*i. 2:16U, 2:13^.
Oor&e Aleat. Rhea. Lady Geraldine. Bertha
BarrDn. Maud C. Salvador, Billy E and Helen
Grac» also started.
Texas Queen, a betting favorite in the
1\TL pace, was distanced in the second
heat. Results:
The 2:25 trot was won by Battleslen, a
Lexington (Ky.) gelding, which is one of
the promising candidates in the jrreat S10.-
C»X> lierchants' an.1 Manufacturers' trot
tin? stakes at the Grosse Pointe track
next Tuesday. George Alex, which took
second, ar.d Lady Geraldine. which got
fourth money are also Merchants' and
Manufacturers" entries. Geraldine- was a
warm favorite in to-day's early betting.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 10.— Two of the
three harness races carded at the "Wind
sor track to-day were won la straight
heats. Th* third, tho 2:12 trot, was won
by Lotah B. a Buffalo horse, after first
losing a heat. Miss Jay was a strong fa
vorite- but was *ti!T and lame, not havir.sr
been worked out.
Two-T^enty-Five Trot.
Battlesign Shows His Class in tiie
DETROIT HARNESS RACES.
Srecial Dispatch to T*e Call.
SAN DIEGO. July 10.— The Democrats
to-night ratfne<l the Kansas City ticket
by a meeting at the D-street plaza, pre
ceded by a band concert and fireworks.
The audience was of good size, but Iacied
enthusiasm In comparison with the Re
publican ratification a little over two
weeks ago. The crowd was much smaller.
and the enthusiasm shown was about en
a par. The meeting was presided over by
Judgre S. S. Knowles. the chanaaa of the
committee, ami the speakers were "Will H.
Holcornb. Henry E. Mills. Jadjre W. T.
McKealy. C. H. Ccok. C. H. Hamilton,
Cassius" Carter and R. V. Dodge, Demo
crats, and A. C. Moiuer and J. Il Dryden.
Populists.
SAN DIEGO DEMOCRATS
RATIFY THE TICKET
ST. PAL'L. July 10.— Secretary Stlne or
the National League of Republican Clubs,
who is now here to remain until after the
convention next week, has received as
surance of attendance from so many ciubs
that he Is of the opinion that this year s
will be one of the largest and most suc
c^=«ful conventions ever held.
The fact, that Governor Roosevelt will
be present and speaic is arousir.p mucn
interest, especially throughout the W??T
Hi? speech at this convention will be
really the opening of the Republican cam
»-.a i ?n. Governor Roosevelt, who leaves
New York on Sunday night, will come
from Chicago to this city Monday , night
on the special train carrying the Illinois
LcarJ? and preparations have been com
pleted for a big reception on his arrival
Here.
\mor.g others who are to be present are
ex-Presidents McAlpin. Woodmansee ar.d
Senator Isaac M. Hamilton, president of
the Illinois League, is the only candidate
for president thus far announced.
3
!?4^ stcre is a noisy place now. Carpenters are hammering and pounding away at a rapid |I^||
W& f^ : rare in order to compie e the expensive alterations a^ soon as possible. To induce yoii S*l§
ijfci 'ViS^ t0 P ut U P wi:^ :^ ls inconvenience and overlook it we offer values a: unmatchable prices, fcf^a
K| liiiiii;i!!i!i as below noted Every department, as ycu will see, is represented. W$M
gfcg Although the store is not inviting a> a place of comfort, the prices make it inviting as a place ||^fq
KcjH to purchase. Ail the reductions are a< marked— now is the time for you ro efiec: a big saving in JgJ^
j*:Si| whatever you want in clothes, furnishings cr hats. f^*'- : 'fe§
tH • Men's Suits Boys' Clothing ||||
pL*«^ Here is a value you cannot affjrd to overlook: blue Boys' Sailor Suits, ages 3 to 10 years, rr.aJe of gcod fpT/£3
3g 5erge suit?, fine woven cioth. positively fast color, we!! j quality brown mixed tweed ani herringbone stripe; regu- p^-J^i
§££w| rr.a-e; in fact, they are our "Yeargooj" suits — vou know lar price ci the su;ts is $5.00; sale price f^-*-!!!
J^g what ihat means; sold regu'arly he;^ fcr $12.50 and SRII
*S v -*3: $i;.co: remodeling sale price — Ql SS3' > £is
iT;\4 QUeOO Boyi* School Suits, withkr.es pants. a~25 3 to i5 years, liJk'fS
PP Light cheviots, in checks and plaiJs, aUo at S6.55. variety or d«irab!e patterns; salts sold u? to this week |p||
for $2.65 and $2.85; school will be opened soon again, so feS-'J^
WjM Black full-weight ail -woo! worsted cheviots, pool suits « h V not bu >' the a suit now . when thc P ri^ i3 WM
|/^. weil-ma'Jeand lined; all sizes in single and double breasted _ s^dn
Fancy checked worsteds in neat, nobby patterns this t&Vyfcl
Pi'lii season's Litest productions. ra'4s
S Scotch mixtures, rough-finished suits for every-day wear. Piif*ti?cf*inrs*C
W% These three lots of suits have been sold for $10 00 and 1^141111^11111^^ « jM
Wm $l --~'°' but the P resent P rice is Suspenders— Genuine silk suspenders, the proper thin 2 § ':M
Q "* O ** for d. r es5; all colors, neatly striped; values 75: and $1.00 j^ : ?^
p>J|] t^OaJiO a pair; price now I
|f^ Scotch cheviots, neat light pattern; teen so!J for 3OC a pair 3 "^m
|'/» $15.00 and customers were pleased with them at that Hsr^H
§/:^ price; now reduced to Regular 5O-cent suspenders, made of first-class web .Vgi
§;iS Q.-r f\r\ elastic, leather cast-off all colors, 5\izh as you will j§T.*fi
W*li& i •\J\J find in all first-class suspenders; sale pri:e ! -'^^
H Men's Overcoats 2oc* r air fta
WM Lbht ani dark tan overcoats, box style, dressy and *~kties-\Ve have taken every four-bit tie in the |jg
§M stylish; this season's productions; >ome with lining store and cut the pri:e right in hair; they consist 0: the |;.H
mM some without— your choice; ail size,; $io.co is the value + ver >' Iatest P^ tte f" S 2aJ designs; colors are too numerous fcfcgl
IS or them, but the sale price now is to mention; the shapes are purrs, our-in-hands.tecks. bat- M
$rfM wings and imperials; every tie goes tor 78t. >g
K^ 7V1 r>*^ A fCkil Silk-front 5hirts — Ribbed silk; lined bosoms in pink, ga£ H
fi'.M i"lvll 3 HUUOWia blue and lavender, with white stripes; muslin body, full Wfcffijg
h]M This is an exceptional value; Scotch tweeds, strictly size in length, all sizes; worth $1.00 and $1.2;; sale price &>;^
|.^^ all woo; just the pants tor everyday wear or work;
l'*S various shades in stripes and checks; we have sold them /DC each t&'Jm
I'^lli right along for S-.50. $5.00 and $3.50, but every pair
jjjj^l now gees ror Galf shirts in madras and percale at the same price— 75c |^»
m Made=to=Order Clothes Men's Hats mm
3* Cj% V*' Ml
WjfM We have taken our lines of S120O and $15.03 cloths in Camel's hair crush hats in dark oxford grav, dark *^,n
j£'|a serges, chtviots, tweeds and worsteds and marked them brown ani steel gray; worth $1.23; now reduced to jgj :*^e
i'»:^ Ciolf caps, made of gcoJ clcth, in all patterns, usual 50c ||[i:'
|;J« Thev are this season's jioods, and we will make them quality, ffl5\ 1
|-^^ up in our usuai, carelu', painstaking manner. Get our S^C h *2.^C f -> ll?"*"^3
5|^'^^ Oitt-of-toicn orders A V •* Oitt-of-toicn orders $&£*££&Dasx-etfB Repiment (Fourteenth United States
Infantry) and Kelll.v'a Hattery (Fifth Artillery)
will leave on the 12th for Taku on the trans
port* Indiana. Flintshire and Wyefleld. The
Taylor i* in Semtr. not available. For the
other Infantry repiment 'for Chinese fwrvicc
rfcomraend first one leaving the States. Manila,
can be nicely oared for until arrival of new
troops, without drawing on McPhc-reon. liullard
and Sargent, which Is now impracticable.
• • • In addition to one month's subsistence
t-upplie* with troops, I pond with Daggett to
•Ttabllfh a <Jei>ot tor three months' subsistence
for five thousand men. The regiments have
live hundred round* of ammunition per man
*ind the Crnzii-r carries one million reserve «md
•such mlscfl lanoous ordnance supplies as can be
ri>an*d from here. With a. view to a medical
supply <lej>ot. stores for three months for five
thousand rmn ro with Dajr?ett; there will be
«*lght medical officers In China from the Phllip
jdries. I «a»nd three months' forage for.SJO ani
ir.alc a.nd jwirttal supply of winter clothinp for
Xir.th Infantry- Khali keep Indiana and Flint
fhlr* in China water* for local eervlce therein.
*VUI order all large transportation home to ex-
P«^ite the transfer of troops here.
WASHIXGTON*. July 10.— In reply to
Instructions of the Secretary of
War of July 7 General MacArthur
¦cabled the adjutant general the
following, under date of July S, 10:40 p. m.:
General MacArthur's dispatch Is inter
preted to mean that no more troops of
his command can .je withdrawn from
his force without detriment to affairs
in the Philippines. It also shows that he
was unable to send as many troop* to
China as the War Department desired.
This is shown by his statement that Tay
lor's battery of the Fourth Artillery in
Samar was not available for service in
China andj?y the further statement that
It i3 impracticable . to draw upon the
Thirty-eiphth. Thlrt>\ninth and Twenty
ninth Volunteers, commanded respective
ly by Colonels Anderson. Bullard«and Sar
gent. In response to his request he was
urged by the Secretary of War to trans-
A depot of supplies will -be established
at Taku and will be provided with every
thing necessary for the maintenance of
the troops in acive field service. Includ
ing a well-stored medical supply depart
ment.
The Philippine reinforcements should
arrive at Taku by the 20th instant. The
transports used for this movement are
large freight boats, and while somewhat
slow are well adapted fcr the purpose.
They will carry supplies and stores of all
kinds sufficient for an army of 5000 men
for three months.
The additional troops ordered to the
scene from Manila, according to General
MacArthur's dispatches, will add a little
over 1000 to that force. The reinforce
ments consist of two battalions of four
companies each of the Fourteenth Infan
try, amounting to -about 900 'men, and
Captain Reilly's battery of the Fifth Ar
tillery, numbering 133 men with six guns.
The Third Battalion of the Fourteenth
Infantry is now in the United States,
posted at Fort Brady and Fort Wayne.
States forces now In China are the 1330
officers and men of the Ninth Infantry,
which, according to press dispatches, ar
rived at Taku from Manila last Saturday.
General MacArtlmr. Tells ..of the Arrangements
Made, But He Cannot Spare All the
Men Needed.
TROOPS WILL SOON SAIL FROM
THE PHILIPPINES FOR CHINA
people on earth" ever known. J. B. Sich
er was plerteil grand exalted ruler. J. O.
Ries of California, was unanimously elect
ed grand esteemed leading knight and
George A. Reynolds secretary-
ANOTHER REVOLUTION IN
PROGRESS IN VENEZUELA
According to Official Reports It Does
Not Menace the Existence of the
Present Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON; July 10. — Minister
IiOomis at Caracas lias cabled the State
Department confirming the report that an
other revolution has been Inaugurated In
Venezuela. From Mr. Loomis' dispatch it
is appjirent that* he does not recurcl the
revolt as serious. It certainly does not,
according to the officials 'm-jnace the ex
istence of the present Government.
MRS. OLIN CASTXE DIES.
Jessie Morrison at Once Arrested on
a Murder Charge.
EL DORADO. Kans., July 10.— Mrs. OHn
Castle, ¦whose throat was cut on June 22
by Miss Jessie Morrison, died today. Im
mediately after her death the charge of
murder was made apainst Miss Morrison
and she was arrested. H^r trial was set
for Tuosday and she was Pf>nt to jail.
When Mrs. Castle was attacked she had
been married but a week.
FOB, FRANCE'S OPERATIONS.
PARTS, Julv 10.— The Chamber of Depu
ties and the Senate to-day voted an addi-
tional 1-1,500,000 francs for the purpose of
carrying on France's operations in China.
TIEXTSIX. July 3.— It is reported from
Chinese sources that foreigners at Peking
have takon possession of one of. the
Prince's palac?s. opposite and command
ins the British legation, and that the na
tive Christians have been installed therein.
INSTALLED IN. A PALACE.
"The town Is calm. The. Viceroy and
the Tartar marshal have issued a. procla
mation favorable to foreigners, and asking
that, warships should not come to Fuchau.
They propose in return to take steps that
will avert trouble In the Koklen province."
PARIS, July 10.— The French Consul at
Fuchau telegraphs under date of July 10
as follows:
FAVORABLE TO FOREIGNERS.
JAPAN SEEKS HARMONY.
VIENNA, July 10.— The Politlsche Cor
res=pondcnz publishes a dispatch from To
kio which says Japan Is prepared to take
a full share of the combined action of the
powers for the restoration of order in
China, but, it Is added, she never contem
plated asking for a European mandate for
this purpose. She only seeks complete
harmony among the powers.-
You will communicate the purport of this
Instruction to the Minister for Foreign Af
fairs. HAY.
nf gurh dlsaeterp. It is, of course, too early
to forecast the motions of attaining this last
repult. hut the policy of the Government of the
fritted States Is to seek a solution which may
brlriK about permanent safety and peace to
China, preserve territorial and administrative
entity, protect all riKhts guaranteed to friendly
powers I y treaty and international law and
safeguard for the world the principle of equal
and impartiaJ trade with all p?rts of the Chi
nese empire.
Elks in Session.
Special Dispatch U> The Call.
ATLANTIC CITY. July 10.— The Grand
Lodge of - the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks held Its session here to-day.
It was the largest gathering of "the best
Lieutenant West and His Bride, I«ady
Churchill, to Follow the For
tunes of the Maine.'
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, l'JOO, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, July 11.— Lady j Randolph
Churchill, who is to be married on July
2S to Lieutenant George Cornwallla West
of the Scots Guards, proposes more or
less to follow the fortunes of the hospital
ship Maine, which will leave at about the
same time for China.
Lady Randolph and her husband Intend
tr> make a year's trip around the world.
Their Itinerary will include. China, Japan
and other eastern countries.
HAVE PLANNED A TRIP
ARbUND THE WORLD
Pleads Guilty to Using the United
States Mails to Further a Scheme
to Defraud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. July 10.— Francis Truth, the
divine healer, appeared in the United
States Circuit Court this afternoon, re
tracted his plea of not guilty, plead guilty
and was fined $1500, which he paid.
His action was a preat surprise. An
agreement was entered into with the Gov
ernment. Seven indictments accusing
Truth of using the mails to further a
scheme to defraud were returned, lie
plead guilty to all of those, and on the
five charges he was fined the maximum
penalty, $500 on each.
The other two Indictments were placed
on file. Should Truth attempt In the fu
ture to engage in any unlawful business
these two Indictments will be brought up
against him and imprisonment will be Im
posed.
Judge Colt announced that these fines
were imposed at the suggestion of the
prosecuting attorney. Both sid^ claim a
victory and there is much comment on the
case. Much wonder is expressed at the
fact that he was not sentenced to Impris
onment.
Truth issued a defiant statement to
night, saying that he would at once re
sume '.'divine healing" and would proceed
against the enemies who had tried to get
him Into prison.
DIVINE HEALER "TRUTH"
IS FINED IN BOSTON
MESSAGE RECEIVED
FROMTHE'EMPEROR.
LONDON, July 11, 3:30 a. m.-
The Shanghai correspondent
of the Daily Mail, tele-
Kraphinp yesterday (Tues
day), says: A message has
arrived here from Emperor Kwung
Hsu. dated July 2. by courier from
Pekinp to tho Viceroy of Nankin,
who forwarded it here. It Is ad
dressed to the Russian, English
and Japanese governments. It de
plores the recent occurrences and
solemnly afllrms that the foreign
governments are mistaken in sup
, posing that the Chinese Govern
ment is protecting tho Boxers
asalnst the Christians. The Em
peror further Implores their aid In
. suppressing the rebellion and up
holding tho existing Government.
In a separate dispatch to the
Japanese Government Kwangr Hsu
expresses deop regret for the mur
der of Legation Chancellor Sug
¦ yima.
These dispatches are taken to
indicate that tho Emperor is in
seclusion and is ignorant of the
seriousness of recent events.
THE TWO-FACED DOWAGER EMPRESS.
(From the Sketch.)
LONDON, July 10.— The
War Office has Issued another
casualty list from South. Af
rica, showing that during the
week ending July 7 there were
killed, wounded or captured
15 officers and 180 men; acci
dental deaths, 2 men; died of
disease, 4 officers and 149
men; invalided home, 72 offi
cers and 1306 men.
The total casualties as a re
sult of the war are 48,188 offi
cers and men.
LONDON, July 10.— Lord Roberts has
sent the following dispatch to the War
Office:
' "PRETORIA, July 10.— Clements and
Paget's forces reached Bethlehem on July
4. The former, on nearing the town, sent
in a flag of truce, demanding its sur
render, which was refused by Dewet.
when Paget, making a wide turning
movement, succeeded in getting hold of
the enemy's most important position com
manding the town. This was carried by
the Ulsters and the Yorkshire Light In
fantry. This morning the attack was
continued and by "noon the town was in
our hands and the enemy In full retreat.
Our casualties were four officers and
thirty-two men of the Munsters wounded,
one missing; Captains McPherson and
Weakes, and Lieutenant Conway severely,
and Lieutenant Boyd-Rochefort, Scottish
Rifle?' slightly woundod; seven men of the
Yorkshires wounded, on*" killed: two
wounded of the Imperial Yeomanry.
"Paget reports that but for the accurate
practice of the Thirty-eighth Royal Ar
tillery and the Fourth City Imperial bat
teries, the casualties would have been
many more.
"Baden-Powell reached BusteViberg' dur
ing the evening of July 8 without oppo
sition. He found all quiet there and pub
lic confidence satisfactory.
"The district west of this Is somewhat
NO DISORDER MARKS
RENEWAL OF STRIKE
Cars Running as Usual on the St.
Louis Traction Company's
•Lines.
ST. LOCIS, July 10. — The renewal of tfie
strike on the St. Louis Transit Company's
lines yesterday was followed this morn-
POWERS' LAWYERS ASK
FOR A CONTINUANCE
Ing by a general boycott, which proved so
effective just prior to the settlement ar
rived at on, July 2. Perfect quietude
marked the continuance of both strike
and boycott. There were no disturbances
of any kind reported, and the only evi
dence of the strike and boycott was the
fact that on some north and south lines
patronasre, which has been quite heavy
while the strike was off, dropped very ma
terially. This falllng-off is accounted for
by the fact that the laboring classes prin
cipally reside In the northern and. south
ern sections of the city.
All the cars are running as usual with
their full complement of men.
GEORGETOWN-, Ky., July 19.— "The de
fendant is not ready for trial," was the
announcement made by ex-Governor
Brown, leading counsel for Caleb Powers,
when the call of the list of witnesses for
the defense was completed this morning.
One hundred and seventeen witnesses
were called and only twenty-nine an
swered "present." The Commonwealth
attorney. Franklin, objected to the con
tinuance and asked that attachments be
Issued for absent witnesses Instead of
continuing the case. The defense aske<i
until 2 o'clock to file affidavits In support
of the motion for a continuance and, court
adjourned until that hour. In the after
noon the court ordered an adjournment
until to-morrow, when the motion for a
continuance Would. b« argued.
JAPAN'S HAND HOLDS THE
WHIP IN FAR EAST CRISIS
Work .of. the Mikado's" Government in China May
Cause Poetic Justice and Prevent Threat
ened Clash With Russia.
(Correspondence of the Associated Press.)
YOKOHAMA, June 20.— Nothing is
talked of here but the crisis In
China, and the interest in the fate
of the foreigners in Peking and
Tientsin is hourly growing more
intense. The situation is unparalleled.
Xever in history has it happened that the
representatives of all the great powers
have been shut up in the capital of the
enemy and threatened with assassination.
They were safe up to the 14th when the
last tiding were received from them, but
the momentous events of the 17th must
have immeasurably increased their peril.
It is probable that the whole foreign com
munity there, numbering between three
and four hundred, are gathered In the
British Legation grounds, which form a
large lnclosure surrounded by high walls,
and capable of being defended successful
ly against everything except artillery. :
In this year, of "reliefs" those of Peking
and Tientsin bid fair to surpass In ro
mantic and thrilling interest even those
of the- South African garrisons.
Capture of the Taku Forts.
¦ From the latest accounts of the bom
bardment, and capture of the Taku forts,
it seems plain that the offensive was as
sumed by. th<* Chinese. The early hour, 1
a. m., when tho first shot was fired would
seem to indicate this. The. courage of
China in thus defying the rest of the
world is universally commented upon, as
offering an extraordinary contrast to her
pusillanimity of late years. Whether, how
ever, "there is any longer a ¦ government
there, or whether all things, are now in
the hands of the reckless Insurgents, Is
a matter of conjecture. The marvelously
easy capture of forts, pronounced by for
eign engineers to be impregnable, would
seem to indicate, the latter. The fact that
all the larger vessels of the immense for
eign fleets were obliged to remain at &
distance and out of the fight, the reduction
being accomplished entirely by the gun
boats, makes the achievement all tha
more remarkable. The attack by the land
forces consisting of a few hundred Japan
ese and Russian marines, and their easy
victory, also shows the disorganized char
acter of the defense. At last reports every
a\ailable vessel from the combined fleets
was being hurried up the river to Tien
tsin, and tidings from them art being
awaited with the intensest interest.
Mistress of the Situation.
Among the late reports Is one that the
powers have asked Japan to dispatch a
force of twenty thousand men to the
scene at once. A large transport fleet is
assembling at Ujina. the port of Hiro
shima, on the Inland Sea., and the troops
are being hurried thither, those alreadv
upon the spot embarking amid immense
enthusiasm, the scene strongly resemblintr
those attending the departure of the
forces in the late China-Japan war.
It Is now generally recognized by press
and people that this empire, by reason of
iff f 6 ? 8^? 1110 *. 1 *>° si " on < has the whip
hand in this extraordinary crisis and that
an opportunity is now afforded It to put
the entire world under deep and lastin" '
°b ption Japan has an army of half a
m on trained and disciplined men. as a
military machine rivaling in efficiency the
wr, y i£ p erman >' v Of late Russia has
OrtAnt ?n3 s .£ 8 a ' orn l^able rival in the
Orient, and the Russian btiebear ha*
proved heretofore a potently repressive
influence alike on the Government
press and the people generally. All that
has now vanished In the new national
consciousness that Japan has risen Into
supreme importance in the eyes of th»
world and that she is virtually the mis
tress of the situation.
Russia Must Take a Back Seat.
It is recogmized that Russia must inevi
tably take a back seat. and. furthermore
that In whatever settlement is made in
the new apportionment the great north
ern power will be forced to unite with the
rest in according such justice to Japan as
will wipe out the deadly affront given in*
wrenchins from her the fruits of her for
mer victories Historically it will be the
finest instance of poetic justice 1-nown
while it will also accomplish Immense
good by warding off perhaps permanent v
the threatened conflict between the two
powers, the fear of which has so long dis
turbed the peace of the Orient
Politically the Chinese crisis will un
doubtedly have a controlling: Influence
upon the situation here. Just as In China
according to the latest reports. Ll Hun-
Chang has been summoned to Pekine *o
Japan. It is recopnized. must call to "tf,^
head of affairs its strongest man and
Marquis. Ito will undoubtedly assume An-
Tj.unin.it or the \\est. and in thl« th«
Count is an acknowledged chief
rtSSS&SS* Jai l an must suffVr heavilv
throuph the complete rupture of her vast
and growing trade with China u*l
Jffn t$V&3J b 1O , W eb * «»™ ™meth"n£
«ra3s ?or, o r w al 3 a pie
Easf. U to dawn U P°° th « emtre
Irish Troops Capture a Patriot Posi
tion and Recover a Gun
Lost in the Stonnberg
Disaster.
Burghers Driven From the
Town After Desperate
Resistance.
"BOBS" REPORTS
THE STORMING
OF BETHLEHEM
"Further information regarding the cap
ture of Bethlehem has now been received
from Clements. He states that tha coun
try there is broken and difficult. Conse
quently his and Paget's cavalry were un
able to make any wide turning movement.
Clements attacked one position while Pa
get attacked another. The position, as
saulted by Clements was gallantly cap
tured hy the Royal Irish, who captured a
gun of the Seventy-seventh Battery lost
at Stormberg. The list of casualties has
rot yet been reported, btit Clements states
that they are few considering the strength
of the positions assaulted.
"Hunter's cavalry, under Broadwood.
reached Bethlehem on July 8. Hunter,
with his main force, was within nine, miles
of the town when Clements dispatched his
report."
SENEKAL. Orange River Colony, July
lo.-An extended reconnoissance yesterday
resulted In the discovery that the Boera
had evacuated all their positions around
Senekal. Numbers appear to have gone
toward Ficksburg and the remainder in
the* direction of Bethlehem. The British
commanders express the opinion that the
retirement of the. Boers foreshadows a
ppeedy end of the war in this section of
the country.
PARIS. July 10.— The Boer delegates.
Messrs. Wessels, Fischer and Wolmaran.'.
accompanied by Dr. Leyds. the diplomatic
agent of the Transvaal. to-«1ay paid a
visit to M. Delcasse. the Minister of
Foreign Affairs.
unsettled, owlnpr to the small force which
attacked Rustenber? being still in that
neighborhood. Measures axa beingr ta.ken
to meet this.
LONDON*. July LL-5 A. M — According:
Co the Shanghai correspondent of the Ex
pn BS. it i.< war to the knife between the
JxiwapiT Empress and Prince Tuan. In a
jecont edict the latter boltily discards his
Oask and sigr.s himself as Emperor. He
Warmly cqrnmends the prowess of "his
faithful IJoxers." and in fiowery lansruajje
;ij<peals to their cupidity and fanaticism.
]^:he same decree Prince Tuan appoints
Prince Tsuan, the "Ironcapped" Prince
Itattbtn, his imperial clansman, and Ivan
Yi to command the three chief wings of
the Boxer army.
CHEERING REPORTS
FROM CHINESE SOURCES
"WASHINGTON. July in.— The Secre
tary of State received a dispatch from
Mr. Ggoo&ow, Doited States Consul at
Shanghai, statins that it is given out by
tho Governor of Shantunp: that the lega
tions were standing on July 5, and that
The outlaws were dispersing. Mr. Good
jiow adds that this statement does not
obtain general eredtniv.
The following dispatch was received
lure t«>-inirht from China.:
"CHKKl*— Secretary of State. Washing
ion: ShantUTg Governor wires has re
>orts July 4 all legatinnists at Peking: safe
<ex< ept German. f*O\VL.EH, Consul."
The information contained in Consul
fowier'fl dispatch is very much the same
as that contained in the cablegram re
etived earlier in the day lrom Consul
fnnw at Shanchai. except that it reported
Shal the iterations safe one day earlier,
€ s;jf-riil!y omitting, however, that of the
(iirmiirs. Both dispatches apparently
wen raso<3 en the same source— the- Gov
rrnor of Shantung Province— and for this
reason not as much faith is felt as to its
*!«-cTjrnr-y as would have been the cas*o
had the information come through more
reliable channels. At the Fame time, ofli
<i-ils hope it is true. Consul Fowkr's dis
pauii •was undated.
Secretary Ixmjc snid to-ni?ht there was
not a word of n'ws for the press from
China, but that he expected some to-mor
row.
Wu. th«> Chinese Minister, said to-nigtit
hr- hud not frrnr<\ from Peking to-day, di
rectly cr indirectly.
BAD WATER AT TIENTSIN.
SHANGHAI, July 9.— The chief difflculty
HAY CLEARLY DEFINES
UNCLE SAM'S ATTITUDE
WASHINGTON. July l^.-The State De
partment has finally concluded to make
public; tbe identical note which was re
cently delivered to the powers as defining
the position of the United States respect
ing the Chinese* troubles. It is under
stood that this circular of instruction was
Jrawn up on the :X>th of June and trans
mitted to Canton for the approval of the
['resident and communicated to the pow
(¦rs concerned on the «<1 of July. It em
bodies the views to which this Govern
ment has strictly adhered from the very
beginning of the present troubles, and
yvhieh the powers have one by one taken
into favorable consideration. The an
nouncement of the President at the start
that we. did not consider ourselves at war
with the Chinese nation, and that all our
L-fforts should be directed toward localiz
ing: the disturbances in the province of
L'hili ;j;<l keeping them from spreading
throughout the empire by* enlisting on the
side of peace the power of the Viceroys
of Central and Southern China, has not
apparently been adopted by all the othpr
powers. It Is too soon to prophesy the
ultimate results, but thus far the Indica
tions are all favorable. It will b© seen
that no answer from the different powers
was required or expected to the circular
of July 3. but it is understood it has been
everywhere favorably received and that
no objections have been made to it In any
tiuarter. It is not true that there has
Neen any formation of groups or combina
tion of powers of any sort. It may be
positively asserted, for Instance, that the
eo-opcratlon of France and the United
States has boon most constant and most
cordial.
Thp circular which was sent to our for
pjg-n representatives is as follows:
TjEPABTMENT OF STATE. Washington. D.
C. July Z. 1900.— In this critical posture of af
fairs in China it is decmM appropriate to de
fine the attitude of the United States, as far
We adhore to the policy adhered to by us
In the year 1S77 of peace with the Chinese na
tion, of furtherance of lawful commerce, and
nf protection of lives and property of our ciri-
Eens-by all means guaranteed under extrater
ritorial treaty rights and by the law ;>f na
tions. If wrong be done to our citizens we
propose to hold the responsible authors lu the
uttermrpt accountability. We regard the con
dition at Peking an one. of virtual anarchy,
wlifreby power and responsibility Is pract!-*aliy
Involved upon the local provincial authorities.
So lonjr as they are not In overt collusion with
rebellion and use their power to protect foreign
life and property, we regard them as represent
nrj the Chinese people, with whom we seek to
f»rhBin !n peace and friendshhp. The purpose
if the President Is, as it has been heretofore.
:o act concurrently with the other powers, first
,n cpeninjr up communication with Peking and
-escuinp the American officials, missionaries
and other Americans who are In danger; fpc
>ndly, in affording all possible protection every
where in China to American life and property;
ihirfily. in guarding and protecting all leftfti
¦nnte American interest?, and. fourthly. In aid
nsr to prevent a spread of the disorders to the
3ther provinces of the empire and a recurrence
LONDON, July 11. 4:*j a. m.— No au
thentic news from IVkins Is st!!l
the burden of tfct» dispatches from
the East, and although the disposi
tion is to believe the optimistic re
port? from Chinese souros. no real confi
dence is possible until the legations are
permitted to communicate with their Gov
ernments. If, as alleged, the Boxer
movement Is losing: ground in Peking. It
might have been supposed that the
Boxers would have enuc-avored to send
up reinforcements from Tientsin, but. in
etead of that thoy are still in great force
In thf neighborhood of th*> hitter place and
are assisted by the Chinese imperial
troops, with amjile, efficient artillery.
According to a Chefu dispatch the fight-
Ins around Tientsin on the -I<J and 4th was
the severest yet experienced. The British
casualties were thirty or forty killed or
wounded. The Chinese had 35,000 men
•ettnekin?? simultaneously from the north,
cast and west and made excellent prac
tice with over 100 puns. The defenders
numf'ered 14. "XX*. with scant supplies, and
It was only the presence of the newly ar
rived Japanese and Russian g-uns that
prevented a disaster. On<? Russian com
pany of Infantry, numbering 120 men, had
113 killed or wounded. The German con
tingent arso suffered heavily. By the
evening cf the 4th the situation was very
critical. The allies narrowly escaped total
<!efeat.
Providentially, when things were at |
their worst, a torrential rainfall compelled ;
the Chinese to retire.
On July C. the rain havinpr abated, the '
Chinese renewed the attack, opening fire j
<in Tientsin with two batteries of 4-inch
jn:ns. but the allies, aided by 11. B. S.
Ti rril.U.'s puns, succeeded in si!encinsr the
¦LrtfUecy after Hg-ht hours' fighting:.
At Shanghai it seems to be the general j
r>f lief ihat the date of the dispatch of July !
2. RSsertlas that two leßations were still |
Ftnndir.g- out. was an error, either aoci
dontcl or Intrntional. The couriers must '
bare left Peking .it least five days earlier,
making the real date of the message June j
I>. *v!i!lp the allesrcHi massaxros are said to !
have occurred on June 30. T'ntil this point '
can be cleared up the greatest anxiety
•111 I>e felt as to the fate of the Euro-
J'.ans.
PRINCE TUAN AND
, THE EMPRESS AT WAR
I of the allied forces at Ti<-nt?in is the ab
• pence of an adequate water supply. The
I c onditlcn of the river is pestilential. The
I panic among the Chinese in the southern
I provinces is completely stopping all trade,
i and .most of the native cotton mills are
I closed.
JAPAN CANNOT GET
ANY EXTRA TERRITORY
BERLIN, July lO.-The Foreign Office
to-day informed the Associated Press
that all the powers had consented to
Japan landing a large force in China, but
the stipulation was made beforehand that
no power could derive any advantage
territorially from the fact of its having
more troops in China thaJi the others.
The Japanese Government has expressed
perfect willingness to send troops under
th;-se terms.
The Foreign Office denied the correct
ness of the statement by the St. Peters
burg 1 Herald that Germany and Russia
maae a secret agreement last fall for
common action in China, adding: "The
rekiticns between the two governments
have hitherto been so friendly and the
agreement in China so complete that a
treaty has been wholly unnecessary."
An official of the Foreign Office stated
that the meeting of the Foreign Affairs
Committee of the Bundesrath, which will
be held to-morrow, will he purely for the
purpose of informing the other German
Cabinets of the status of the China ques
tion, and no decision will be taken.
The North German l,loyd steamer Gera
has be-in chartered by the Ministry of
Marine for a hospital ship for use in Chi
nese waters and the company's new
steamer Strassburg for transport service
there.
The postal authorities publish the an
nouncement that the following tele
graphic connections are completely inter
rupt/ d: Peking to Kalgan. Tientsin to
Pfrking. Tientsin to Shanghai. Tientsin to
Taku via Kelempao, and also Hongkong
to Macao and Malmanchin to Kalgan.
A number of German postal officials will
accompany the next transport to China
to handle German mail with the troops in
the field.
Foreign Defenders Numbering
14,000 Attacked hy 35,000
Chinese Simultaneously From
Three Sides, and Sustain
HeavY Losses.
ALLIES NARROWLY ESCAPE TOTAL DEFEAT AT TIENTSIN
Steamer Chartered bY the Ameri
can Consul Continues to Rescue
Missionaries— The British at
Chefu Grateful fop Protection
By the Nashville.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU Julv J (via Shanghai. July 10).— The steamer chartered by the Ameri
can Consul to rescue missionaries returned from its third trip to-dsy V™nBin*
fifteen Catholics und six American missionaries. The latter were Rev. W. B.
Hamilton and Rev. H. P Perkins and wife from Chinan Fu and Rev. Dr. C. W.
Mateer and Professor Mason Wells, wife and child from Tens Crow Fu The
missionaries report that at Yanjr Ha Kwo. where they embarked Boxers col
lected and threatened them. Native Christians were suffering great persecutions.
American refugees are leaving here for Japan at every opportunity.
The situation at Tientsin and Chefu is unchanged. No news reaches here
from Peking. Dissatisfaction is expressed by British residents here at the re
fusal of the British admiral to station a warship In the harbor. They are grate
ful to the American Government for the Nashville, which Is here almost contin
uously But for the Nashville Chefu would be without any protection- Many
other warships visit here, but none sta*y. The steamer which arrived to-day re
ports that the native city of Newchwang has been burned.
JAPfJN PREPARES FOR LONG CAMPAIGN.
LONDON July 11.— The Chefu correspondent of the Express, telegraphing
yesterday (Tuesday), says: "The Japanese force is equipped with thirty-six
mortars and 120 field guns, and has pontoon and balloon sections. It Is ex
pected that either Marshal Nodzu or Marshal Oyama will take command. Tha
plan of campaign contemplates operations extending over two or three years. A fur
ther force of 13,000 men will be landed at Taku a week hence, and 10,000 additional
soon afterward. Before the. rainy season is well advanced Japan hopes to have
63.000 troops in China, These formidable preparations are- viewed with srreat
distrust by Russia. Germany and France."
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900,
ST. PETERSBURG. July 10.— The Czar
returned* here this afternoon and received
Prince Kotohlto of Japan.
RECEIVED BY THE CZAR.
FOUR COMPANIES COMING.
PLATTSBURG, N. Y., July 10.—Compa
nies A, B, C and D of the Fifth Infantry,
under command of Colonel Moale left
Plattsburg Barracks to-day for San Fran
cisco, whence they will sail for Nagasaki
on July 13.
The officials here have turned all their
attention to the defense of the Yangr-tse
ana have guaranteed to protect foreigners
at Yang-tse ports provided the foreigners
established here remain quiet. No war
ships are allowed to land forces, and sin
gle warships only are allowed to pass the
forts. *
Sheng's proposal to form a Chinese vol
unteer force has been rejected.
SHANGHAI, July 10.— News from official
sources was received at 10 o'clock last
night to the effect that the Empress had,
on June SO, resumed the reins of govern
ment and appointed Yung Lu Prime Min
ister. It is said that she sent a dispatch
to Nanking: by courier, at the rate of 100
miles per day. thanking the Viceroys of
the Yang-tse-Kiang provinces for their
loyalty, and recommending that they pro
tect foreigners at any cost.
EMPRESS RESUMES
REINS OF GOVERNMENT
fer the troops in Samar to the Depart
ment of Southern Luzon.
The publication of MacArthur's cable
Jb the first official admission of the pur
pose of the administration to withdraw
additional troops from the Philippines for
the purpose of aiding: Jn the suppression
of the rebellious conditions of China.
Outride of the sailor* and marines of Ad
miral Kcaipff's fleet the only United
The forrcoinit arrangements are easily
•handed if the department so wishes and cables
«juickljr. Seven companies of Hardlns Ilegl
3>ent and Taylor's IJattery have been pent to
bumar. replacing Hughes' troops therein,
which have b«»«-n concentrated In l«eyte • • - •
Jtequert tcuihorlty to permanently transfer
Famar to the Department ol Southern lyuzon.
MacAHTHUR.
4ST. PAUL Minn.. July :0.— »)• strike de
clared on the Montana Central yesterday has
been settled. Tte strike was an outgrowth
MILWAUKEE. July 10.— The Julius Andrai
Sons A Co.; makers of electrical supplies and
bicycles, to-day placed Its afTalrs In .the hands
of Its creditors. Liabilities are v>>ace4 *t $106.
000 with assets at $125,000. There are no pref
erences.
HAVANA. July 10.— The yellow fever situa
tion at Quemadoa ha» probably reached an end.
there not being any new cases reported In over
ten days.
MILWAUKEE. July 10. — To-day's sesFion of
the Supreme Court. United Order of Foresters,
wns devoted 'to Clscuscin!- plans for extending
the order into new jurisdiction. The election
of ¦ officers will, take place to-morrow.
KEOKITK. Iowa. July 10. — The Democrats of
the First Iowa District nominated D. J. CCon
rell of Burlln&ton for Congress.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
of the troubles on the Great Northern system
last May. It is stated only a few men went out
and that tralna were runnirg all day renter
day.
CLEVELAND. O., July 10. — Th<* annual con
vention of the Window Glass Cutters' League
&f America beisan here to-day with about nine
ty delegates present. The most Important busi
ness to onrr.e bofore the convention will be ar
rangement of the wage scale for the ensuing
PITTSBTTRG. July JO.— Th» 13X) Ironworkers
employed by Spang, Chalfant A Co. were no
tified to-day of a reduction In wag*9 ranif-
Ir.p from 15 to 10 per cent to take efftct at
once. A voluntary Increase of a similar per
centage was made by the firm about six weeks
ago an.! It Is thought the cut will be accepted
wlt>out prot*«t.
MILWAIKEE. W1».. July 10.— The National
Association of Labor Commissioners convened
in annual session and President Carroll D.'
Wright preside]. He complimented the cen—
ftis bureau and said one r>f the chief endj
to be sought win a ¦tatistlcal basts for the
present and future In rejranl to the economla
and Industrial cot.<Jltion of the necro
MARYSVILLE. July 10.— Members of
the Browns Valley Land Owners' Protect
ive Association, embracing realty owners
of the Browns Valley irrigation district,
have employed attorneys to defend the
action brought by George Parker, a cit
izen of England, in the United States
Circuit Court, seeking to establish the
validity of bonds issued in the district
amounting to $145,000, which have already
been declared void in the Superior Court
of this county. The result of this suit
will settle definitely the status of the
bonded indebtedness of the Browns 'Valley
irrigation district.
Will Settle Bond Question.
MARYSVILLE, July 10.— The Directors
of the Thirteenth District Agricultural
Association, who had concluded to aban
don the fair scheduled for this city from
August 21 to 25, met to-day on the solic
itation of citizens and the Chamber of
Commerce and reconsidered Its action.
Several resignations in the board, includ
ing that of W. P. Harkey. the president,
and W. A. Lowery, the secretary, were
presented and promptly accepted. Their
places were supplied with active citizens.
While the entries have not been aa large
as had been anticipated special races with
good purses will be provided and a lively
fair stands assured. Subscriptions hava
been entered to a sufficient amount to
guarantee purses and expenses.
Thirteenth District Fair.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 30.— The pro
longed drought has created fearful havoc
with the Arizona melon crop. Many hun
dreds of arres had been planted and plans
had been laid to ship over a hundred car
loads to the North and Kast, where the
Arizona melon has become very popular
in the Ian two years, but a scarcity of
water has out the early crop one-third,
end unless rain comes within ten days the
entire crop will be dried up.
Drought in Arizona.
Almost at the same hour of the ex
plosion at the factory Mr. De Force's:
handsome residence, over three miles dis
tant, on the chore, caught fire and burned
to the ground.
ASTORIA. July 10.— The explosion of a
boiler this evening at the De Force Oil
Works nenr this city resulted in the death
of Jack Shaw and Engineer James Moore.
Chris Item?, another employe, who was In
a boat moored to the factory dock, is
mifsing and is believed to have been
blown from his boat by the concussion
and drowned.
The accident Is said to have been due
to a deff-ctive boiler. The factory was
totally destroyed. Moore came here from
Kan Francipeo and was formerly a loco
motive fcrsrlner-r.
Third Is Missing.
T-sc-o Men Killed at Astoria and a
FATAL EOLLER EXPLOSION.
WALNUT. 111., July 10.— Fire last night de
stroyed the opera house. Dennis, West & Co.'s
grain elevator, Ebank building, the Burling
ton depot, two blocks of stores and several
umaller buildings. Tre loss is * estimated at
$C9.(.C0 to J75.00O, partially insured.
NEEDLES, July 10.— Since the closing
of the term of school last week at Fort
Mojave there has. been much trouble be
tween the Indians and the superinten
dent. Major J. J. McKoin. It seems that
the parents of the Indian school children
think the children should be permitted to
come home at the close of the school
term, but according to the rules they
must remain at work on the school farm.
A dispatch was sent, at the instance of
the Indians, last week to President Mc-
Kinley saying if the scholars were not al
lowed to come home the "Mojaves will
make trouble." A few days later the In
dian boys ran away from the fort and Su
perintendent tMcKoln with his deputies
have been trying to capture them and
take them back.
Saturday McKoin and a deputy went to
a camp on the Arizona side of the Colo
rado, three miles from .Needles, to take a
boy and were set upon by squaws. Sev
eral bucks appeared on the scene, with
the result that the officials were overcome
and terribly beaten. Sunday three bucks
and one squaw were captured by Consta
ble Burt of Needles and later taken to
Kingman for trial. While in jail here the
building was continually surrounded by
Mojaves who acted In a threatening man
ner. Hundreds are still hanging about
the town and it is feared that trouble of
a serious nature may occur before the In
dian scholars will be returned to the fort.
TROUBLE WITH MOJAVES.
MONTEREY. July 10.— Charles Rollo
Peters, the well known San Francisco ar
tist, has Just bought thirteen acres of
land in the Doud tract, adjacent to this
city, and intends erecting a handsome
summer home unon it. The style of archi
tecture of jthe house will be old Califor
nlan, to be in harmony with the general
character of old Monterey, and a hand
some park will surround the house. It is
probable the work of laying out and im
proving the grounds will be begun at once,
and the house itself will be commenced
In the near future.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
"Will Build a Summer Some.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 10.— The annual
summer encampment of California Meth
odist ministers opened In this city last
night under favorable auspices. Rev.
Dr W W. Case, presiding- elder of the
San Francisco district, called the min
isters to order for the opening session and
announced the week's programme, which
is to consist of a series of lectures on the
famous Johns of religious hlstory-^John
Knox, John Calvin, John Wlcklitte and
John Wesley— and a study of the issues
of the day such as Theosophy, Christian
Science, Spiritualism and Agnosticism.
The opening lecture, «on John Knox, was
delivered by Rev. J. H. N. Williams of
Napa and was a stirring eulogy on tho
life and works of the great Scotch re
former. ,
To-day "Modern Spiritualism"' was dis
cussed by Rev. W. M. Woodward of San
Francisco, Rev. W. A. Johns and Rev.
C. S. Morse also making brief talks. In
the afternoon a sermon on "Justification"
was delivered by Rev. George Clifford of
Watsonville. and at 8 p. m. Rev. Leslie M.
Burwell of Palo Alto delivered the second
in the week's series of lectures, his sub
ject being John Calvin, the founder of
Presbyterianism.
at Pacific Grove.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Course of Summer Lectures Arranged
MINISTERIAL ENCAMPMENT.
VISA LI A, July 10.— It, was announced to
day that the Visalla cannery will open
Saturday. July 14. About 650 men, women
and children will be employed. The crops
of fruit this season are the largest ever
harvested In Tulare County.
Cannery to Open.
MUNICH. July 10.— Prince Rupprecht,
heir apparent to the Bavarian throne, was
married here to-day to the Duchess Mane
Gabriolle of Bavaria.
Duchess Marie Gabrielle.
Bavarian Heir Apparent Marries
WASHINGTON. July ,10.— Postmaster ap
pointed—Little Rock. Lob Angeles County,
Cal., L. W. Ashcroft, vice B. M. Holmes, re
signed.
Rural free delivery will be established on
July 23 at Mountain View. Santa Clara County,
Cal.. John W. Barney, carrier.
These patents were Issued to-day:
California— Charlps A. Bacon (assignor of
half to S. II. Cohn), Stockton, acetyleni? gas
generator: Michael Barthel, San Jose, musical
whistle: Danl<»l Best. San Leandro. traveling
harvester: Alonzo B. Chapman, Placervllle,
popgun; Lee A. Devlin. Sacramento, stove at
tachment: Patrick F. Dundon. San Francisco,
door for digesters; Andrew Hunter, San Fran
cisco, bicycle carrier for street cars;' Edward
I Parson, Ban Francisco, traveling cable grip
(reissue); Joseph K. Shearer (assignor to J. C.
Burden), Chlcq, and J. Glanvllle, Sacramento,
carbureter; G<r>rge W. Waltenbaugh (assignor
of half to J. M. OuRh). San Francisco, varia
ble speed gearing (two); George M. Williams,
Santa Rosa, truck: Silas F. Wood worth. Clipper
Cap, apparatus • for automatically applying car
Washington— Charles O. Bulmer, Nooksack,
nut lock; John W. Pettljohn (assignor of half
to XV. H. Bush). Monte*ano, coupling.
Oregon — John P. Fanner, Portland, gai
burner; same (assignor of half to C. F. Adams),
cas stove burner.
PRINCE RTJPPRECHT WEBS.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pacific States.
Special EHupatch to The Call.
Patents Granted to Inventors of the
. REDWOOD CITY, July 10. — Sheriff
Mansfield left here for Colma yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of locating the
arms with which the two Mitchells were
murdered. Up to midnight last night he
had failed to find any trace of the weap
on- but shortly after that time he did
succeed In finding two rifles with which
he claims the murders were committed.
Just where he found the guns the
Sheriff refused to Eay. When the proper
time comes he eays he will tell where he
found them. He returned this morning
nnd brought the arms with him. The
Sheriff Ftated that one of the men now
In custody Is the man who went with
Lemoscher to purchase the guns In Saa
Francisco. *
The weapons were wrapped in an old
blanket, and. while new, are rusted con
siderably and covered with sand. The
magazine of one has been damaged, as
though having been struck with some
fharp instrument, and Is useless. The
guns are the identical ones eold to Le
inoscher by liachmann. the Clay-street
dealer The prisoners have not yet been
• old of this discovery. It Is expected to
have the effect of causing a complete col
lapse cf I^moscher, who was dum
founded when he learned that his friend,
ths pun-dealer, had told of his purchase.
His answer then was a complete denial
that he ever had a rifle in his house.
Br>ec!al Dispatch to Tho Call.
"Were "Wrapped in an Old Blanket and
While New Are Badly Busted
and Covered With
Sand.
Unearthed by Sheriff Mans
field Near the Scene of
the Tragedy.
GUNS USED BY
MURDERERS AT
COLMA FOUND
PLACERVILLE, July 10.— Isaiah Zum
! wait, who on the evening of June 7 mur
j dered his divorced ¦wife, Julia A. Zumwalt,
! his son. George Zumwalt. and his Infant
granddaughter, and seriously wounded h ! a
daughter-in-law, the wife of his son
George, was arraigned this afternoon In
the Superior Court of this county before
Judge M. P. Bennett to plead to the ln
j formation filed by District Attorney Abe
Darlington charging him with the willful
murder of his son George.
Judge Fred Adams, his counsel. Inter
posed a motion to vacate and set aside the
information on the ground that the de
fendant had not been legally committed.
Justice D. J. Knighton of Diamond
Springs, the committing magistrate, hav
ing failed to properly indorse the commit
ment committing the defendant to the
County Jail to await trial In the Superior
Court at the conclusion of the preliminary
examination. The motion was sustained
by the Judge and the defendant was or
dered discharged from custody.
He was. however. Immediately rearrest
ed and placed In his cell In the County
Jail. The mistake of the Justice will prob
ably necessitate another preliminary ex
! amlnation and commitment of the defend
j ant.
| Since his imprisonment in the County
I Jail in this city on the evening that he
was the chief actor In the terrible trag
edy at the home of his son Zumwalt has
aged greatly and seems utterly broken in
health. The impression Is general that he
will never be tried in any earthly court.
Immediately Itearrested, However,
and Will Be Given Another Pre
liminary Examination in the
Course of a Few Days.
?
fr.*-c!al Dispatch to The Call.
Error Was Made in the Com
mitment of the Triple
Murderer.
ZUMWALT IS
RELEASED ON A
TECHNICALITY
Immediately after the shooting Mets
was removed to his home and a physician
summoned, who worked with him all day.
He died at 6 o'clock to-night. Daily was
placed under arrest and Sheriff Buckner
of this city was telephoned for, and he
went over and brought Dally back and
landed him In the county jail.
Immediately after arrest Dally began
playing the Insanity dodge, and claims
that he remembers nothing of the affair,
although he Is rational on all other sub
jects. The murder was a cold-blooded
one, and there is considerable feeling in
Lemoore against the murderer. Dally Is
a farmhand, but off and. on tends bar In
saloons in Lemoore. He is not usually
quarrelsome, but drinks considerably at
times. All reports, however, go to Bhow
that he was perfectly sober when he com
mitted the murder. Dally is a married
man, but has no children, while Mets
leaves a large family of children.
District Attorney Irwin went from Han
ford to Lemoore to take Mets' dying
statement, but when he arrived Mets was
unconscious, and remained so until death.
There were several witnesses to the shoot-
Ing, and all declare that the murder was
a cold-blooded one. . When Daily first
tried to shoot the gun would not go off,
but at the second attempt the shot that
will probably put Daily s neck In the
noose did its deadly work.
HANFORD, July 10.— At 10 o'clock this
morning Lemuel Mets,' an old resident and
business man of Lemoore, was fatally
shot by Ike Daily, a barkeeper of that
town. The trouble arose over a bicycle.
Mets fixed a puncture in Daily's wheel,
and this morning he returned and wanted
Mets to tix it again. This Mets refused
to do, and high words passed between
them. Daily left, but returned In a short
time with a shotgun, and as Mets was
stooping over fixing a wheel Dally fired,
the shot taking effect In Mets' shoulder
and lungs. Daily was but twelve feet
away when he llred, and the gun was
loaded with number 6 shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Murderer Locked Up in ths Hanford
Jail and. at Once Begins
to Feign In
sanity.
Lemuel Mets Killed by Ike
Daily, a Lemoore
Bartender.
FATALLY SHOT
AFTER A QUARREL
OVER A WHEEL
The necessary papers were placed in the
hands of Constable Dovoto for service
upon the Matheuses. and the officer pro
ceeded to perform his duty at the Mat"heus
home. According to his story Devoto
served the papers and was conversing In
the doorway with Mrs. Matheus when she,
without warning or provocation, drew a
large revolver from the folds of her dress
and pointing the same in Devoto's direc
tion, commenced to snap the hammer, say
ing. "I'll fix you." Finding that none of
the cartridges would explode. Mrs.
Matheus calmly refilled the chambers witn
new shells and remarked, "I guess it will
work now." Taking careful aim at the
'departing Devoto. she worked the hammer
of the revolver in a lively fashion, but
with the same result. None of the
cartridges exploded and Devoto lived to
reach his buggy and gefout of range of
any death-dealing bullets that might be
sent In hia direction. Devoto says that
though he has been an officer for years
this Is the first time a woman has ever
attempted to kill him, and that for cool
ness and blood-curdling preparation he
will back his late experience for a winner.
He says that if there are any more Mrs.
Matheuses to be served with writs the
Constable's fees for service will rise to
great proportions.
SAN RAFAEL, July 10.— Louis A. De
voto, Constable of Novato, came to this
city to-day with a thrilling story of how
he came near meeting his death at the
hands of an Infuriated woman, who
snapped five chambers of her revolver at
him and then calmly remarked that they
did not explode because they were old.
whereupon she calmly proceeded tp refill
the chambers and click them at the re
treating Constable. Fortunately for the
officer, none of the cartridges exploded.
The trouble'originated in a suit in eject
ment brought by Attorney E. B. Mar
tinelli on behalf of Antone Amaral and
Manuel Viera against Manuel Matheus and
his wife, Estufana Jiatheus, who occupied
a ranch belonging to the complainants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Probably Owes His Life to the Fact
That the Cartridges Used by
Mrs. Mntheus Were
Worthless. ,
Louis A. Devoto Has a Nar
row Escape While Serv
ing a Writ.
ATTACKED MARIN
CONSTABLE WITH
A LOADED GUN
President J. B. Baker of the University
of Colorado thought the present discus
sion unfavorable. He criticized the com
mittee for not having requested the views
of the presidents of the State colleges and
universities generally. Ho seemed to think
that there was a disposition to Ignore
certain educational Interests to the ad
vantage of other interests. He wanted
the Government to conduct the proposed
university and said steps should be taken
to insure Its proper conduct free of the
cliques of politicians. The discussion was
participated in by many educators.
The report of President Harper was re
ceived by the council, but the committee
was continued. The council deferred for
the present any expression of opinion.
Professor I. M. Butler followed Presi
dent Harper against the Idea of a statu
ary Greek and foreign university at
\\ ashington. He was impressed with the
collections and opportunity for study and
research at Washington, and he was not
in favor of turning Ms back on those op
portunities. He said they should be
grasped and taken advantage of. i In view
of the old established character and repu
tation of the Smithsonian Institution, he
favored building about the old institution
rather than on new ground.
The establishment of a national univer
sity at Washington was the chief topic
discussed at a meeting of the council. Tne
discussion was opened with a paper by
President Harper of the University of
Chicago. President Harper thought the
proposed national university was inexpe
dient and unnecessary. The majority of
the committee, he said, favored a school
of research, which should be centered
about and ultimately associated with the
Smithsonian Institution. A school for
study of international questions, diplo
macy and similar matters also was fa
vored.
The National Council of Education to
day elected the following officers: Presi
dent, C. M. Jordan, Minneapolis; vice
president. Miss B. A. Dutton, Cleveland;
secretary, J. li. P. Phillips, Birmingham,
Ala.
A brief session was held to-night, at
which a paper on "The Small College and
Its Work in the Past" was read by Presi
dent W. O. Thompson of Ohio State Uni
versity. President Harper of the Uni
versity of Chicago read a brief paper on
"The Prospects of the Small College."
CHARLESTON, S. C, July lO.-Charles
ton to-day gave official welcome to the
National Educational Association at the
opening session of its annual convention.
About two thousand delegates were pres
ent in the Thomas Auditorium when the
convention was called to order. Governor
McSweeney greeted the delegates for the
State and Hon. J. A. Smith, Charleston's
Mayor, welcomed them for the city, after
which President O. T. Carson delivered his
annual address.
Subject Under Discussion in
the Educational
Council.
OPPOSITION
TO NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY
will be the cause of much congratulation
from their many friends. After a short
time spent in the bridegroom's Island
home the happy pair will return and go
to housekeeping in San Francisco.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 10.— Fire to-day
caused by a cigarette stump burned the
Arizona Canal Company's corral, in which
was a large quantity of machinery, hay
and two horses. Los3 $^00u. .no insurance.
Coal Corral Burned.
BILLINGS. Mont., July 10.— A disastrous
fire is raging on Bull Mountain, Railroad
Creek and Pompeys Pillar, on the north
Bide of the Yellowstone River. It is ex
tending east to the Mus«els"hell River and
is sweeping the range like tinder, aa
everything is dry. A late report says that
twenty horses belonging to Mr. Ramsay
of this city were burned. Vast flocks of
sheep are in great danger.
Montana Forests Ablaze.
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 10.— At 6
o'clock this afternoon the gTand stand at
the baseball grounds of the Spokane Ath
letic Club was entirely destroyed by flre.
Loss, J15W; insurance, $1000. It Is sup
posed that during the afternoon game be
tween the Spokanes and the Stanfords
some one dropped a lighted match or a
cigarette into waste paper beneath the
stand. Work of rebuilding will begin to
morrow.
Grand Stand Burned.
CHARLES WILDER, late. Hawaiian
.Consul General to San Francisco,
and Miss Grace Burr, daughter of
Amos Burr, legal agent of the New
York Central Railroad, were married yes
terday at high noon in New York City.
While the young couple had been en
gaged for some time, so well did they
keep their secret that the news of their
union will come as a complete surprise
to almost all their friends.
Mr. Wilder was one of the delegates
representing Hawaii at the recent Demo
cratic convention in Kansas City. Miss
Uurr departed for the East three months
ago to prepare for the wedding, although
it was given out that she was simply on
her way to visit friends.
As a graduate of the Sacred Heart Con
vent, and in society. Miss Burr is well
known in San Francisco.
Mr. Wllder's family is one of the
wealthiest in the islands. His father is
president of the Wilder Steamship I'ora
panv and also controls extensive Ha
waiian business interests.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilder will spend their
honeymoon in Honolulu. The occasion
"That the board of trustees voted to
said Green, as the nominal lessee, with
knowledge and understanding that
three certain members of the board
of trustees who had just resigned
from the board were to be ben
eficiaries and members of a corpora
tion to be later formed to operate the oil
business to be established on the college
grounds."
"Plaintiffs are informed and believe that
defendant did on th,e 24th of November,
1S99, attempt by some false and fraudu
lent proceedings of the board of trustees
of the defendant to alienate said lands
and to make and execute to one Richard
Green a lease of said lands for ten years
for oil purposes, and that the terms and
conditions of said attempted and pretend
ed lease were unfair, unreasonable and
not to the interest of defendant.'"
The whole closes with the following
sensational statement:
Last April judge Rcss granted plain
tiffs an injunction forbidding defendants
from boring for oil. Now the attempt is
made to s<jt aside all title and interest.
The object of this suit is best told in the
following phraseology of section S of the
complaint, as follows: "Notwithstanding
defendant received and accepted from
plalntifi's and G. K. Shatto the described
lands in trust to be used as a campus, and
for educational purposes, the defendants,
without consent of plaintiffs and against
their desire's and protests, did April 9, 1000,
abandon land, ceased to use same as a
campus and for educational purposes, did
divert said property from the purposes
for which it was donated, accepted and
held in trust. On said day and since have
erected derricks, set up engines, oil tanks,
drilled and dug wells, seeking for petro
leum, and have converted said lands into
an oil Held.
LOS ANGELES. July 10.— Through a
suit tiled to-day by John W. Mitchell
against the trustees of the Baptist Col
lege, the greed that abounds in this sec
tion for oi! gains is well illustrated. This
suit .is entitled John S. Wallman, K. A.
Swarth and Augustus Swarth vs. the Los
Angeies University, a corporation. The
complaint virtually declares that the trus
tees of this Institute of learning have
leased unto tr.emselves the litteen acres
of land received in trust for educational
purposes, and an attempt is made to have
the dectis set aside conveying to the de
fendants the land used as a campus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accused of Leasing Land Sat Aside
for Educational Purposes to
Themselves and Boring
for Oil on It.
Charges Made Against Trus
tees of Baptist College
in Los* Angeles.
CAMPUS LET TO
SPECULATORS
IN PETROLEUM
SjreciaJ Dispatch »o The Call
ANGELS CAMP. July 10.— A most de
structive grass fire has been in progress
a few irAles from this plare since Satur-
BEAR MOUNTAIN IS
SWEPT BY FLAMES
The burned-over district presents a sorry
Fight. Where a few days ago were green
fields and hills topped by trees with
branches apparently piercing the clouds
r<">thing prreets the eye but smolderlnjj
masses with here and there a lost flame
lair.ely struggling upward. The roar as
of thousands of bees swarming is omni
present, broken only by the occasional
crash of a falling giant of the forest and
off in the distance is the pillar of smoke
by day and of fire by night.
Twenty-five or thirty families who were
crimping at Brindlcton fled before the
flames ar:d several others along Bear
Creek were forced to abandon their
cain;.s. They fought the fire for three
days ar.d nights, but finding their efforts
unavailing left the place.
There is no foretelling when the fire will
te controlled. In fact the general impres
sion Is that it will burn itself out. It has
already thread over thousands of acre3
and as many more are doomed. No
definite estimate of the loss can be made
at this time. Standing timber and piles
of cordwood have been destroyed and
acres of splendid pasture land are now
black and smoking.
Undoubtedly many cattle have perished
although no direct reports of losses have
been made. Frightened animals fled be
fore the wall of smoke and fire and are
now wandering a! large among the hills.
It will be days if not weeks before tho
benSa are rounded up and many will be
v.ofuily short.
So far tho flames have been confined to
field and forest, but many buildings have
narrowly escaped destruction. • At one
time it seemed as though the station
house at Iioulder Creek was doomed, but
bv dint of earnest effort it was saved.
As the flames spread the little band of
fire— fighters wan augment«-d bv volunteers
from the ranches and the numerous camp
ing resorts, but they were too late. Men
worked like Trojans, pausing for neither
food nor rest, but work as they would
that lurid column was always in advance
at them. The -women also did their part
and passod around refreshments to the
tireless band. Men wiih parched throats
and bodies blackened with smoke- eagerly
pulped down a welcome draught, swal
lowed a morsel of food and were back at
their work.
The fire was started on the night of the
Fourth by a balloon dropping into tho
brash. Before the blaze was noticed a
considerable acreage was in flames. All
the residents of the neighborhood turned
cut to light the fire, but fanned by a
brisk wind It spread with surprising
rapidity. At llrst it was only in the dry
grass and brush and the fire-Jighters were
hopeful. A ellght char.se of the wind di
ver led the course of the column of flame
r.nd the glare on the heavens, followed by
a rumbling, craciUing sound and the
crashing of falling trees, told only too
r>!ainly that the devouring- clement, was
playing havoc In the forests.
SAN'TA CRUZ. July 10. — Latest advices
frora Boulder Creek are to the effect that
f.re !s Btttl raging in the mountains and
&11 efforts to control it have been futile.
All day Ions the heavens were obscured
by dense columns of smoke and to-night
the ruddy hue en the clouds is noticeable
for m!!es.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
day noon. The damage it has wrought
in one way and another is unestimated,
but will amount well into the thousands.
This is the lirst fire this season of any
great importance, and has set wonderful
object lessons on the necessity of guard
ing against such accidents. It Is not
known how the tire originated, but there
is a possibility of it being the work of an
incendiary. O:» Saturday the alarm was
rirst Founded, and hardly had the work
of extinguishing the first blaze begun be
fore the wind turned and the fire swept
from one hill to another, until Bear Moun
tain was one mass of flame and smoke.
The column of smoke rose to a great
height, and men from the surrounding
ranches rode to the tire to enter into an
all-nisht struggle With a mighty effort
the course of the fire was turned and
kept within a limit for the night. House
wives remained in their kitchens all night
to cook and prepare food and stimulants
for the tire-lighters on the mountain.
Stock was herded to and fro as the lire
progressed on its course, destroying hun
dreds upon hundreds of acres of pastur
age, fences and corded wood.
Strenuous efforts were made to keep the
(Ire from reaching- the ranch houses, and
in this the efforts were crowned with
success.
On Sunday the fire broke away asaln,
ai:<i with a roar like a distant cannonade
started down the valley at the base ot
Bear Mountain. Men. wearied with their
efforts and all-ni??ht vlgrila, rushed beyond
to '"back tire" and try to turn the course
but before they were aware of it a llame
shot across Angels Creek and into the
treetops on the opposite side, a distance
of SOO or 400 feet. Almost Immediately a
cloud of the blackest smoke rose into the
:>.'.r and could be plainly seen for mile*?
around. All efforts to check the fire were
in vain, and it swept on for four miles to
the Stanislaus River, -which It reached In
two hours. Every effort is being made
to keep it from jumping across the river,
and men are stationed on Bear Mountain
to keep a close watch and sound the
alarm in the event of the fire starting up
a^rain.
The appearance of the country over
which the lire burned Is one of desola
tion. Stockmen, who pasture In the hiph
mountains during: , the summer months
and In the burned section during the
winter, will suffer the greatest, as the
supply of prass is entirely destroyed.
Unless early rains set in the stock will
suffer greatly.
Thousands of Acres of Forest and Pasture
Lands Ruined and the Flames
• . Still Spreading.
FIRE PLAYS HAVOC IN
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Miss Grace Burr and Charles Wilder,
| Who Met in San Francisco, Marry
Many Miles From Home.
WEDDED IN NEW YORK
pTTV AT MOON UHIIP
Ul ll A 1 INvJvJlN nUUI\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, . JULY 11, 1900.
Voters, Attention.
Registration office open from 8:30 a. m.
to 5 p. m. and 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. •
year.
5
£ See our Thursday -Advertisement. j
V More and More
[ Bargains tor the Week ]
I We are not waiting for the "busv season % f*pi are \
\ doing things that make this a busy store all of the time. \
} You must keep daily watch on our Advertising in •
i order to spend your money judiciously.
\ Among the offerings for this week, alrf ady
£ described in previous announcement?, are:
£ $t.io Siiks for 73c Wash Ceflons 2Oc '
\ 50c Ribbons for 19c } 40c Burette Zephv s 23c ;
i 20: Piques for tOc \ji.oo Embroidered Bann .5 . .
£ 20c Japanese Crepes 13d G8o '
f $1.50 Gloves 89c Bleached Westing— yard . . 22 : v
t 25c Wash Veils 15c i 25c Cur ain Ch ins—pji r . . . 5c
K T.ipesirv Table Covers 29c J 25c H .ndkerchieis fiadi s)..11o
«• 2QC Printed Ccrded Batiste.. 12c \ Lret>nre Table Ov rs 18c
\ Lqcq Robes and Suits Ha f Price*
I P®§*®ales 7sG. Dress IBood®,
I f^S^sl^S^ £My 23a Yard
if full yard wid3 standard cloth, co or Thre? ihe< of pjpu'ar D:e^ Fibril —
as'onment compete and desirable; values op tp otr — of which m fnva
?. suitable for wa'sts, dress j* and chl- pn 'y small quantities, to be closed out
dren's garment* — ill at the m t to-tlciy (Wednesday) at the re-
!( tnifcrm pric.?, per yard * 2*? markably low price — per <>r5_
£, Main Aisle. yard ' * ZZ&C
K " _ __ B^ 450 yards 2S inch E i^uh Mohrur B i -
£. frae9S — GFiSG—ttSIf Hantinj — Wsck, cardina- ani navr
K ¦, B&nffftisi&f iPW**fl<?. b ' U9 ~~ •' n i tabe for b 'thins suits.
n . rsesfiasar p-figgs. wa . 8ts ard ; . kirt3 . 150 . vard < 4LMcch
k' To-day and during: the week — al-wool B>c'c Se g?; 173 yard< :«-
£• Rjr»l Ostrich Feather Fans with shell inc'i Bhck Figtretl Batiste and E:»-
S> sticks: mine?. All at ?h> one pric* t>-<hy,
J !****!«&«* l wcniv-Nlrtf? Cents.
r ' Sales Tables— Main Aisl.?.
I Dres^lJnfnjjp, Me.
X : v^\\\W:/ : /^ u - vard3 B a - k Satia . Erect Scri323
V and Brjcade Skirt Lini.itr, ?»4 inch?s
? wiie, regn ar!y w>rth 2 -c yard; to-
[* /*!3lL a - 7 2ni^ d ar ' n 2 th)W.''k. at «<7_j
J J^*\. the very specia. price OaG
I ***tf* Groceries— Liquors
X $1.75 Fans 88c $3.30 Faas...SI.75 \\q carry a full line of Daii-
| $2.56Fans.^2S^$4^F ( , E s...S2.25 catessen Foo d, cooked and ready
£ B?antifa' Empire Fans- ' to serve.
K 4->c Fan- 23c $1.65 Fins S3c tost Creamery Buttsr—^
t T. !c Fans 25c $2.00 F. in s..SUJO only kind we, ca ry; regular T^^ : .
£ 7 -c Fans 3Sc $2.5) Fan3.-$l-25 each
*>" $1.25 Fans 63c $3.00 Fid?...5I.5O Our Family Blend bi^n-grade GO f toe,
& $4.00 Fan?... $2.00 P er lb - 25o; 4J lb* $1,00
% Main Aisle. Van Honten's Co*, i tins 2£c
t* "i.uro Catch* 9 &,t.c*y Fty
% White srssi Colored **«per, -5 coubie ttnu in box ...
$ Wash Fabrics. «^^P*-^
K Fancy L?no Weava. w^ite and eveniij; 'jfr^. ** vx>v> " < on— A deiici.iu
K shades in daintv line Vash m t?ria!s — » ty \j\C 10f £L I>e» ert J_*:Iy; try
al*o a large nnje of new printing? in -MUDri || a camp'e at, th*
if heavy corded dim! tie.; at about ha f -!""^ "^S^Sil^V i to»ta; packas 1 * ...
5 their real va'ue. To-day and 'T^ '^K3r£C — 1i*€S
•£ during the wjek—rer } ard ' *" • j £^6$/* Victory
t- One-Half Off v> Ur^.w *™v>-* f««i;
£ $r£ Lmews. N '- !1 <°- 25 :
6 . . . . ,. SchepD f » Shreidei Cocoanut, the be-t.
J- 'A clean-up of two lines in our per*'b 15c
* Art Linen Departments. Gjnuim Imported Swiss Chco*c,
i Lot / — All Commenced per :b......... 27c
ie Pieces ni Linens in which a pirt Full qaart bott'ea cf pure £ hcrrj or
¦£ if the design is worke^ in, one corner; Pont VV/?|GS
X regular prics3 50c to $5XK> each— to- 5 ACil/OS far $1mCO
!> .day and daring week, h 2! f price* Cyras Nobb's 6-year-old uOUPbon
|? Lot 2 — Stamped al!-;iaen Dama-sks in Whisky, tha genuine; reguiar $l.u)
*» centers ovals and trays; rf gn!ar y qaility — perbotte ?Sc
2i 10c to 75c each — to-day and during Liebig Malt Ex ract, per dozen
£ week, half prico, $1.£3
a i
I #Jn^aWHi»incty
tf 'h X\" > ¦¦r^nJ 1 O n *y a few of the unmatchable clearing
ft »w j I ty sale bargains in the above department
£ ' i l; , - quoted in this advertisement.
* \ \\ A "' °" n(W Sh;rt Priocs of all Indies' and
f / f l\\ Waists that have Children's Woar cut
tf / "nl\ l)een "K 0 '"* ' 5^ c docji fon July Cloaninj*
$ t J"r>^ and 60c ~ cie i r < l'' g 20c hurh-neck Corset Cover.
£ <v_Pi_4^ price now 397 fel'ed seam*, now Wo
X An of oar Shirt \\ a »ti 23c high or low ne:k Corse i Gaif
R that have biennc cr, f el'e i seam% now tSc
J aEdSoc-c'earingsaiftrric* 4flc $1.75 Skirts, with three cimter* of
IT Assorted lot of Duck Dress Skirt', taD, tnck9 and hemstitched, no*. ...$1.2 3
k navy and white, wide hems, full widths. 25c Mmlin Drawers, with camS-ic
j£ were $1.00 -clearing pric? B9c rtffl, now IQo
Iff All of this season's Wrapper?, calico | 500 g n9 em broidery or lace-'rimmei
£ andperca'p, lined waists, best mike'. Skirts, now. $3.00
J that hava been regularly $1.25— clear- $ L75 fiae French style cambric
g ing orice ••¦••"•- 89C Gowns, now S1.1O
X New Wash Skirts, all kinds— white and |2.50 fine nainsook Long Sla em-
J fancies, piques and erass cloth, plain broidery insertion, now $1.5 I
2" » and trimmed, that have been $1.75, $2, $1.5.3 fine cambric Long Slip, em-
X $2 25, $2.50 and $3-clearing price... broid3iy-trimmei skirt, now QS3
h O80
& Assorted lot of fine Sateen Uadarjkirt?, Chaldron's Clocks, Caps
tf lined, and a number of other xty'es and Drosses Reduced*
5 ¦ and kinds, deep flounce — regularly _ , . -
§ $1.50 to $2.cO-clearing pric 8 ...0ffo FlD9 alI - wco1 *™ 9t °l t " d ' ll l% *£%
V All of this season's Wrappers, cal.co. capes; were |f< o and |4. now $2.43
* lawn and percale, best make., that Fancy-colored Snak S «; were rife, now
I* have been reguhrty $1.50 and ?1.75— """; VT"* 'i"A 7XT
6 clearing price $1.10 Wh:te Llwn Freach C W> W9re °' J %^
•C Assorted lot of fine tew Alpaca, gray ,» ,
K and bhck/ and a !-wool Cheviot Skirts, Whlte Lawa Hats - were 7ac and gj*
jff that have been regularly $5.03— c ear- now ; * do
K ingpriw ...$3.75 All Mill! nor y Roduooti.
R Assorted lot of new this season 3 E:on and r,
\ Fy Front Jackets, all t ilk lined, regu- 50c to $1.25 Ladies' Jambo Sailon,
£ larly $7.5J, $8.5) ani $10 — c earinz black or white; all of then this **a-
¦ price - $4*85 Ban's shapes, now *..39o
tt Assortment of this s?a3on's all-wool Eton Ladies' fiie Split Sailors, wera Jl.n •,
£ Dresses, and other style?; some lew now 75o
?? of last season's; regularly $10 ani Lidies' fiaeit Sailors made; wera S5.0J,
£ $15 — clearing price. .^ $7.95 now S2*5O
X A splendid lot of newest Dres^ej in all $10.00 Trimmjd Hits, finely m3ie, now..
K the varieties of E:on^ and other sty'o-; '. $4.65
all colon and black; regular y $2 ) and $25.00 Importel Hit*, now $11.45
X $22.5;)— clearing price $14m5O $18.0!) Imported Hitj, now y7*S5
\ P 4doitf!&!rfi'Rbiile Bazaar. 1
I CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Samuel Kellercr from May Kel
lerer for desertion and to Hal Morse from
Mary E. Morse for willful desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
The march to Peking hasn't been much more pros
perous thus far than Buller's first attempts to march
to Pretoria. The Boxers have evidently got old
fashioned jjrit ai well as new-fashioned guns.
! The body of an unknown man was found
in the bay yesterday morning near Fol
som-street wharf and was removed to
the Morgue. It is that of a man five feet
eleven Inches tall and weighing about 190
pounds. His hair was brown, his beard
and mustache red and his complexion
sandy. The clothing was a blue sack coat
blue overalls, gray cotton underwear and
fllL °^ rsl U rt - J The man was ah o"t «
years old when death came.
Unknown Found I>rowned.
A contest of the will of the late Henri
etta S. Calef, whose estate Is valued at
$50,000, was filed yesterday by Miss Mabel
C. Coutey, a grandchild of decedent's sis
ter. Uertha-S. Clockworthy. Contestant
alleges that she is the nearest of kin of
the deceased and should be entitled to the
estate. She charges Robert Crouch.
Mary B. Crouch and Mabel Tickel with
having unduly Influenced the deceased to
sign the contested testament. ¦ • •
Calef Will Contest.
The Democratic platform says: "In the interest of
American labor and the upbuilding of the working
men as the cornerstones of the prosperity of our
country, we recommend that Congress establish a
department of labor, in charge of a secretary with a.
The Republican platform declares: "In the inter
est of our expanding commerce we recommend that
Congress create a department of commerce and indus
tries, in charge of a secretary with a seat in the Cabi
net. The United States consular system should be re
organized under the supervision of this new depart
ment upon such a basis' of appointment and tenure
as will render it still more serviceable to the nation's
increasing trade/' '^v::^.
PLANKS declaring in favor of the creation of a
new department of the Federal Government, to
be under the control of an official of Cabinet
rank, are to be found in both the Republican and the
Democratic platforms. In neither of them, however,
is- the demand for the creation of a department of
mines" arid mining, which has been for a long time
under discussion and which is fully as meritorious as
either of those asked for by the two conventions.
NEW CABINET POSITIONS.
There is one point in which the Chinese Boxer is.
superior to the American variety — he fights more
than he talks.
It is stated that in New York the betting is six to
four on McKinley against Bryan in the State election,
and probably if any bets were made on the way the
country will go the odds would be 16 to 1.
A New York manufacturer of fireworks estimatesthat
for the celebration of the Fourth of July there was ex
r-ended upward of S8.ooo.ooo worth of fireworks of
various kinds, so it will be seen that your Uncle Sam
not only has money to burn, but burns it.
It will be remembered that just before he went to
Kansas City David Bennett Hill said a live party
should be able to make a new platform every four
years; and since the Bryanites reiterated the old one
the natural inference of Mr. Hill will be that Democ
racy is dead.
In discussing the future of the Liberal party in
Great Britain a few days ago John Morlcy said the
Liberals must either go forward toward*the improve
ment of the condition of the working classes or else
get out of the way and let the socialists come to the
front as the opponents of Toryism.
The Fourth of July orator at Boston, instead of
exalting the Revolutionary statesmen, pointed out
every fault or flaw he could find in them, and then
called upon the people of the city to see how much
better living statesmen are than those of the past. It
was a very good scheme in its way, but Boston must
have a queer lot of public men when she cannot find
any way of praising them except by denouncing
Adams and Hancock.
lasting monument to the memory of the
philanthropist. The Rev. Dr. J. N. Moore
of the Methodist Church preached an elo
quent and touching funeral sermon over
the remains. - .
The eoftin, covered with white flowers,
the gift of those the man had benefited,
was then borne out on the shoulders of
the pallbearers, all with the exception of
Oscar ' Lewis, a trustee of the Cogswell
School, members of the Society of Cali
fornia. Pioneers, of- which the deceased
was an active member. After the public
Ceremony at Pioneer Hall private services
were held at the Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
The remains were cremated.
Funeral of the Late Dr. Henry Daniel
Cogswell at Pioneer
Hall.
Fitting tribute was yesterday paid to
the memory of a man who devoted hla
existence to the work of helping others
when funeral services were held over the
remains ,pt Dr. Henry Daniel Cogswell.
In . accordance with the wish expressed
during his life the services were simple,
but none the less impressive.
At 10 a. m. Pioneer Hall was crowded
with grayhaired pioneers and boys and
girls, the latter students of the Cogswell
Polytechnic School, which will remain a
BORNE TO HIS REST
AFTER SIMPLE SERVICES
In fact, a wise newspaper man. after reviewing care
fully all the orders, would .ponder' deeply' upon .that
which warns him to bear in mind that the Czar is ac
tuated only by a "desire to maintain peace and good
will among the nations, and he would devote his paper
mainly to an agitation for another international con
ference on the subject of general disarmament.
About the only consoling thing for editors which
the orders contain is the decree that editorial writers
should recollect that Russia is predestined to pre
dominate in Asia. That announcement will save a
whole lot of wear and tear on the editorial brain. It
affords them one subject on which they can write
at large and freely, hist as in the United States it is
always permissible to twist the lion's tail. There Is
of course some little further relief in the assurance
that comparisons may be made between Russians and
foreign troops and seamen when unfavorable to for
eigners, but after all comparisons arc odious and are
likely to be risky. Some comparison, for example,
might be made unfavorable to the troops of the
Kaiser, and then the editor would be subject to con
demnation for "gossip displeasing to the Govern
ment!" .'.-.
Under these instructions the censors will have an
easy time in dealing with any newspaper that under
takes to publish war news. There will be no need to
read it. Its suppression can be ordered at once, for
how could any such news be published without say
ing something about the movements of Russian fleets
and armies, or criticisms upon them for not moving?
The order forbidding gossip about differences among
the powers, will go far toward justifying a suppression
of any sort of discussion of international events or o?
the European concert. Finally, what can be said of
any feature of foreign affairs when there is to be rio
criticism of Russian diplomacy or of military or naval
strategy?
foreigners."
"6. Comparisons may be made between Russian and
foreign troops and stamen when unfavorable to
"2. Papers must bear in mind that the Czar is ac
tuated only by a desire to maintain peace and good
will among the nations.
"3. No gossip about differences among the powers
that would be displeasing to the Government.
"^. No criticism of Russian diplomacy or of military
or naval strategy.
"5. Editorial writers should recollect that Russia
is predestined to predominate in Asia.
"1. No reference to the movement of Russian
troops or warships.
SINCE the failure of his peace conference to set
in motion any sort of train of events that would
afford him continual amusement the Czar is said
to have been occupying himself with devising a set of
rules for the use of press censors in supervising the
newspapers of his realm. According to a Vienna dis
patch the results of his labors on the subject have
been recently promulgated in the following instruc
tions:
THE CZAR'S LATEST FAD.
Among the earnest Republicans of the city there
should be something of a canvass on the issue. Pass
the question round, "Have you registered?" Let the
attention of all good citizens be directed to this duty.
It is imperative.
To the Republicans of San Francisco the issue is of
particular importance. They have to combat Crim
mins and Kelly within the party as well as the Bryan
ite demagogues without. Not one single loyal Repub
lican should by a neglect to register forfeit his privi
lege of voting right at the coming election. Every
stanch Republican vote will be needed.
It can hardly be necessary to point out the impor
tance of the issues at stake in the coming election.
They concern every citizen and affect every business
interest. The forces of discontent are banded to
gether in a firmer organization than ever before, and
constitute a formidable force. They can be defeated
only by the energetic action of all who stand for pro
tection, sound money, conservative government and
prosperity. It is as sure as shooting that all who are
discontented will register; all the gangs of bar
room voters -who follow and uphold the bosses will
register; every voter who has a vott he wishes to sell
will register — in short, all the evil elements of our
political life will be registered, and unless there be on
the rolls a preponderance of good citizens the vote of
California will be given for Bryan.
It may be that many citizens have forgotten that
there is to be a complete new registration this yea«-.
The fact that a citizen has not changed his residence
since the last election does not exempt him from the
necessity of reregistering. All must register. Those
who do not will forfeit their right to vote.
On that showing it will be seen that those who wish
to avoid the delay attendant upon, a rush at the regis
tration onice will have to act at once. At the present
time the applicant will be promptly attended to.
Later on there will be a crowd daily at the office, and
each new comer will have to take his place in line and
wait until his turn comes to be served. There is no
reason why any citizen should subject himself to that
inconvenience, for the law gives ample time for reg
istering, and those who are caught in the rush at the
closing days will have only themselves to blame if
they have to stand a Jong time in line instead of being
attended to at once.
REGISTER WITHOUT DELAY.
REGISTRAR WALSH has given notice tnat up
to Monday only abont 13.000 of the voters o)
the city have registered. As there are about
:2,00a voters in the city, it will be seen there has not
been anything like the registration there should have
been. It is to be borne in mind that registration for
;he general election cies.es September 2b, and accord
nglv if all who are entitled to vote should desire to
io so the applications for registration from this time
in will average about 1000 a day.
A GOOD move has been made by the Native
Sons in organizing a committee on information
and publicity for the purpose of advertising the
coming jubilee celebration not only to the Pacific
Coast States but throughout the Union. Such adver
tising is bound to be beneficial. All advertising is,
and California can never have too much of it.
In the reports sent to the East special stress should
be laid upon the cool, invigorating air of San Fran
cisco summers. California has been mainly noted as
a winter resort. The enterprising men who built up
the southern section of the State have made the at
tractions of the winter well known to tourists, and
consequently the tide of such travel comes West at
that season and returns East with the spring. Now
California offers as many inducements to Eastern
people to leave the sweltering cities of that section in
the summer and the early fall as it does for them to
escape the blizzards of the winter, and the fact should
be thoroughly advertised.
At the present time the whole East, from Maine to
Georgia, is complaining of an excessively hot sum
mer. It is in vain that the people fly from the Mis
sissippi Valley to the Atlantic seashore in search of
cool breezes, for it is about as hot in the one place
as in the other. If the pleasantness of the California
summer were made as fully^ known as is the mildness
of the California winter, it is hardly to be doubted
that we should have almost as large a number of tour
ists in the northern part of the State from June until
October as there are in the southern counties from
January to May.
The coming celebration will have many attractions
for Eastern people as well as for those of the Pacific
Coast. Climate is not the only delight we shall have
to offer to all visitors at that time. From the prepara
tions already made it is evident the festival will be
one of the finest and most enjoyable in our history.
It is therefore right that the people of every section
of the Union should be notified of the event and in
vited to come West and join in it. Extensive adver
tising will at least let the country know that we are
alive and flourishing and have a welcome for all.
SENDING THE NEWS EflSTf
CEHtc -^llfe*5 qTaJPL
WEDNESDAY. JULY 11, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communica ions to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE 'j^^JjJ^J^^JtZSZ^i^X
!>UKLICAT1O> OFFICE. .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone I'reii — Ol.
EDITORIAL SOOMS....21T to 221 Stercnson St.
Telephone Pre«« 202.
r><-Ui rrrd t»y Carrirn. IB Cmtn Per Week.
Slnsrle Coplri. S C'enm.
Tern* hy Mall, Including Pontacret
pAJLT CALL (lnetudlrg Sunday), one rear W-W
J3AILT CALL. (Including Sunday), • month* J.00
PAILT CALL. <1nc!u<3!nc 6un<Ja»->. S month* 1-50
PA1LY CALL— By Single Month «c
BO:i>AT CALL On« Year J-W
XVEEK.LT CALL One Year *-0»
All poitmutera are authorized to receive
nabacrlptloni.
6aj3iple ocples will be fcrwarded wben r«|De*ted-
M»U subscriber* tn ordering chan*« of address should be
jwiriicuJar to g\*t both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to leisure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
M«r.t£er Fore'2 n Advertising;, Marquette Building. Chicago.
tLcnx Dl*tanc« Telephone "Central MIS.")
NTT'W TORK CORftESPOXDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO KE"WS STAXD3:
Sberann House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont lie use; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
'Walucrf-AttorU Hctel; A. Ureniano. U Union Square;
Murray HU1 ilotei.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hot*.
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
Calaveras Chronicle.
Speaking under the caption of "The
Pothouse Bosses," the San Francisco Call
says that Kelly and Crlmmlns have«about
as much right In the Republican party
"as a burglar In a bank," and further
says about them that "It is better to keep
a polecat out of your house than to let
him In and then try to put him out."
Correct. In the name of political decency
and common sense don't allow the Re
publican party to be a haven or refuge
for Democratic skunks. They are good
for nothing other than to raise a stink
and Infect any organization In which they
are permitted to parade, to the extent of
driving out respectability. Bury them
deep Into oblivion, where they belong.
Those Infectious animals are altogether
too offensive to the olfactories of decent
people. They have stunk up their old
nest so as to be unbearable to their old
time • political associates, and It is no
wonder that they must be run out.
BURY THE POTHOUSE BOSSS.
E. F. Cadle of Stockton Is at the Grand.
L. F. J. Wrinkle, a mining man of Inyo,,
Is at the Grand.
S. Pinchower, a merchant of Cloverdale,
Is registered at the Grand.
Garrison Turner, a well-known attorney
of Modesto, Is at the Grand.
II. J. Curry, a leading merchant of Mar
tinez, is a guest of the Grand.
A. Wrightson, an extensive mine-owner
of Alaska, is at the California.
W. A. Mackinder. publisher of the St.
Helena Star, is stopping at the California.
F. E. Valentine, commercial agent of
the Santa Fe route at Sacramento. Is In
the city.
Dr. A. R. Alfred. U. S. N., and wife, and
Dr. D. M. Coonley. U. S. A., are at -the
Langham.
Lev! Chase, one of San Diego's most
respected citizens, is registered at the
Occidental.
T. R. Parker, a well-know'n vineyardist
of Napa, accompanied by his wife, is reg
istered at the Grand.
Mr. Chas. Keilus goes East Thursday
morning on a business trip that will ex
tend over a period of five or six weeks.
Justice H. B. Brown of the Supreme
Court of the United States is registered
at the Palace. The distinguished Jurist Is
on the coast for recreation.
John J. Byrne, general passenger agent
of the Santa Fe line, arrived at the Palace
yesterday, bent on business connected
with his department. He will remain sev
eral da3 r s.
Guy B. Barham, the well-known poli
tician and clubman of Los Angeles, has
been spending a few days In this city. He
left for the southern metropolis on the
"Owl" last night.
T. F. Fitzgerald. Pacific Coast passen
ger agent of the Texas and Pacific Rail
road Company, with headquarters at L03
Angeles, is in town on a flying trip and
Is to be seen at the railroad rlalto.
Charles F. Wyman, a capitalist of San
Jose, accompanied by Mrs. Wyman, Is at
the Grand. Mr. Wyman was the first
secretary of the San Francisco Board of
Trade and subsequently manager of the
house of Xeustader Bros.
PERSONAL MENTION.
They were the very States that crowded it down the
party's throat in 1896. Their politicians made it the
eternal and overshadowing issue, ahd used it success
fully to take the party away from Mr. Cleveland's
leadership. Since then the gold standard has been
adopted. Prosperity to the South has followed, ami
now only Alabama, Delaware,. Kentucky, Missouri
and South Carolina could be whipped into standing
against the sound financial cause of that prosperity.
An analysis of the reason why they remained in their
wallow discloses that since Bayard's death and Gray's
promotion to the bench Delaware Democracy is de
bauched. Alabama Democrats are unanimously for
holding the Philippines, following the lead of Mor
gan, and feel that they must make one folly balance
another. As for Kentucky, any State that will .send
Jo Blackburn to succeed Lindsay and Carlisle in the
Senate will do anything. Missouri is afraid that Dick
Eland's ghost will come again if she fail to stand for
free silver, and down in that country nothing is feared
like "a hant." Of course South Carolina had to stand
by the unspeakable Tillman, and there you are! Free
silver, the great Southern issue remembered by only
five out of fifteen States! In the North the great
States of California, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon,
Pennsylvania and Wisconsin stood like a wall against
free silver, or any kind of silver, at any ratio. They
were beaten, defeated, downed and overruled by the
votes of Hawaii and Alaska! Had those two far ami
rotten boroughs not been in the convention the vote
would have stood 25 against free silver to 25 for, and
the tie would have lost the affirmative side and the
cause itself. When Hawaii and Alaska are called in to
referee, or umpire, xn issue that so intimately affects
the welfare of great commercial and business States,
and a combined constituency of the two, amounting
to less than three thousand, who don't vote at the
Presidential election, fastens a policy upon a" party
that seeks to control the government, it is time for
citizens of the republic to combine their strength and
repudiate such primacy in their affairs from such a
source. /
The result was not reached without much bad blood
being shown. George Fred Williams expressly put
it on the ground that the party must please the Popu
lists, and he declared this preferable to doing any
thing to win back "the traitors" who organized the
Gold Democracy in 1896. George Fred may be fol
lowed by his tracks, heel to every party and toe to the
camp of another, in his several political elopements.
The charms of Bryan have satisfied him longer than
any other, but after the next election he may be seen
at the window with, his rope ladder, waiting for the
new party to whistle.
That California and Oregon stood against silver
is significant. It shows that the party leaders in these
two States have learned something in four years. They
see their only chance for life is repudiation of Popu
lism and all its works. They sec also that with free
silver in the platform the Pacific Coast will continue
Republican. So mote it be.-
THERE was some comedy and some tragedy in
the struggle in Kansas City over the silver
plank. A large part of the Democratic conven
tion were aware of the Chicago platform as a dark
brown taste in the party's mouth. When its reitera
tion was demanded the very men who helped make it
objected, on the ground that its clauses damnatory
of the courts were put in on account of the Chicago
strike riots, and as these were forgotten now there are
no votes in attacking the courts! There have been
strange things, and for strange motives, put in na
tional platforms before, but we doubt if anything
equals this admission of the reason for threatening to
destroy the judicial protection of the rights of person
i and property. ' ¦
At Kansas City the battle in the platform committee
' first raged over the question of reaftirmation or re
iteration of the Chicago platform. The difference is
not to be distinguished by any except the politicians,
j who were hunting for some form of action which
I would catch the votes of two diametrically opposed
elements, by making each believe that the platform
agreed with it upon the very point that divides them.
The students of theological division have been often
puzzled over the difference between Houmosianism
I and Homousianism. Hereafter the students of
j American politics will puzzle over the difference that
| caused battle between the reaflirmationists and the re
i iterationi?ts at Kansas City.
It appears by whit information dribbled through
the keyhole that the leaffirmation party was made up
of those who supported Bryan four years ago, on the
ground of regularity, reinforced by some who thought
free silver was a good winner, but have changed their I
minds. The first supported silver but believed in the
gold standard, and were in actual sympathy with til?
Gold Democrats, who had the courage of their con
victions and were come-outers.
• These two elements desired to slough silver, free
coinage, ratio and all. and to retire the Chicago plat
form from public view by saying that it was re
affirmed.
The reiteration party, led by George Fred Williams
cf Massachusetts, were certain that silver contained
victory and insisted en fighting the second baftle, so
as not to obsolete the title of Colonel Bryan's cele
brated book and cause it to be known as "The Last
Battle."
The two parties were in contention all day and
nearly all night. It was really the struggle of Jeffer
sonianism against Bryanism, of Democracy against
Populism, and Populism won by putting a specific
free silver plank in the platform, divinely appointed
ratio and all. The vote was close, 25 to 27, and by
that narrow margin the attempt of the soul of the old
Democracy to crawl back into its body was defeated
and Populism remains in possession of the carcass.
How it was brought about is interesting. Against
free silver were ten out of the fifteen Southern States.
THE SILVER PLAISK-
ed were: Most Rev. P. W. Riordan, Rev.
Philip O'Ryan, Colonel Edward J. Power.
Walter E. Dorn and Thomas H. Fallon.
The report of the secretary showed that
there were fifteen companies of cadets and
thirty junior branches In the archdiocese.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the incorporators' meeting the board of
directors went into executive session and
elected the following named officers: res
ident of the League of the Cross. Walter
E. Dorn: vice president. Richard J. Dow
dall; recording secretary. Joseph P.
Hayes; corresponding secretary. Edward
J. Coffey; treasurer. Philip J. Lawler; ex
ecutive committee — Most Rev. P. W. Rior
dan, Rev. Philip O'liyan. Thomas H. Fal
lon. Walter E. Dorn. Colonel Edward J.
Power. R. W. Glllogley. Dr. S. J. Cun
ningham. Charles R. Fenn, A. B. Maguire.
W. H. Hamilton. Edward J. Coffey. Mat
thew Carroll.- Luke Carroll.- J. C. Murphy.
L. J. Watson. Major Daniel C. Deasy j.
A. Murphy. Joseph P. Hayes, Richard J.
Dowdall. W. W. Griffin. James B. Coffey
Jr.. Captain J. J. Power. Philip J. I^w
ler, Maior James K. Power. J. J. Clifford
Edward B. Thomas and Captain F. de la
Fontaine.
The cadets are busy around the regi
mental' headquarters preparatory to the
' annual encamprrent at Santa Cruz next
week. On Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock
COO cadets in campaign uniform will march
down Market street to the ferry. The
camp Is to be pitched In the baseball
grounds on the beach. The field and staff
officers made a visit of Inspection to Santa
Cruz recently, and they say that the
ground Is hard and smooth. Insuring
healthy surroundings. Colonel Power has
engaged several drill masters who are to
instruct the cadets in the handling of the
sword and in general drill. A committee
Is making arrangements for a regular ath
letic field day. as well as receptions and
entertainments, and It Is expected that the
coming encampment will eclipse all others
in every respect.
ART AND ARTISTS.
THERE Is. a curious specimen of the
English school of animal painters—
that school which Is headed by Sid
ney Cooper. A. R. A., on exhibition
in town this week. Curtained In silk
and with a $2000 label attached, it is natu
rally approached with respect, but this
sheep picture of W. Watson's requires
these and several other accessories
to persuade to seriousness. It is an amus
ing composition of the conventional pyra
midal plan, and the sheep are dragged in
anyhow to'conform to the pattern. The
method of treatment is photographic,
every hair on every sheep Is painted and
every blade of grass Is given. Absolutely
nothing Is left to the imagination. The
color has the same painful literalness,
and, all things considered, the curtain
and the price are a distinct impertinence.
In the same gallery, for contrast, is a.
charming little sheep picture of Felix
Brlssot, In which drawing, color and
composition are alike admirable. The
sheep- are drawn with a sure and tender
touch; the sky is luminous and alive; the
foreground is fitted to its purpose with a
fine intuition, and the whole effect is
truthful and beautiful.
There are a couple of John Hafen's pic
tures, made in California, on exhibition
here this week. One, a Leona Heights
landscape, is a very pleasing composition,
with the exception of an amorphous mass
of foliage in the middle distance, which
mars the effect. It la nice color all
through, though perhaps a bit cold. The
other picture is a wood and atream sub
ject and is fairly interesting. Mr. Hafen
is now painting in Monterey.
There are other artists In Monterey
also, quite a Brittany school of them.
Sidney J. Yard. Theodore Wores, Charles
Rollo Peters, Miss Evelyn McCormick and
C. Chapel Judson are there.
Others out of town are Eugene Cada
nasso, who is painting In Mill Valley, and
Josephine Edwards Capwell at Rancho
Bonlta. Saratoga. Arthur F. Matthews
is visiting his Mendoclno home and will
stay a few weeks there.
Thaddeus Welch has a nice color
scheme in his sketch of Bolinas Bay. now
some time on exhibition* and it is a happy
little composition.
An Interesting study of appointments,
with an Incidental figure, is the large wa
ter-color by Louis Bailly. His textures
are admirable. Ills carved wood is real
wood, hard and shining. The brasses and
tapestry are unmistakably metal and
wool, and the Persian rug seems velvet
to the touch. The girl's head is deftly
and charmingly treated, but not so the
hand, which is illy drawn, and no girl's
hand, either. As a composition the can
vas is too "busy." There Is no center of
interest. Now the cabinet attracts: now
the rug: then the oaken chest, and so on.
till the girl's figure, naturally the chief
theme. Is lost sight of In the division of
interest. An embarrassment of riches,
truly.
¦ ? ¦
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
Cadets Making Arrangements for the
Encampment to Be Held in
Santa Cruz.
The incorporators of the League of the
Cross held their annual meeting at the
headquarters of the society last night for
the purpose of electing officers to serve
for the ensuing year. The directors elect-
Matrela met Martorella and threatened to
kill him within twelve houra. MartorelU
hurried to the City Hall and secured a
warrant from Judge Mogan for Matrela" ¦>
arrest on the charge of threats against
life, as he said he wanted to live longer
than twelve hours.
RUMOR THAT CHINESE
CANNOT BE LANDED
Custom-House Gossipers Agitated by
Wild Story of Retaliation
Against Boxers.
A rumor gained currency In the Cus
tom-house yesterday to the effect that
Collector Jackson had been advised by
the Treasury Department not to land any
more Chinese here on account of the acta
of the Boxers In murdering American
missionaries and others in China. In sup
port of the rumor. It was said that no
Chinese had been allowed to land within
the last three days.
Collector Jackson and Chief Dunn of
the Chinese Bureau were absent yester
day taking Assistant Secretary SpauMing
around the bay, but Chief Clerk Jerome,
who knows more than any other man in
the Custom-house when the Collector is
absent, said that no news of that kind
had been received from Washington, and
that If there had been he would have
known it.
¦ m «
Junk-Dealer Xafkctvltz Fined
P. Lafkovltz, a Junk dealer at 415 Pacific
street, who was convicted by Judge Fritz
of buying junk from minors, appeared for
sentence yesterday. The Judge fined him
$10. The Police Commissioners will be
asked to revoke his license.
» ? ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Towusend's. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1012. •
» ? ¦
Needed No Bush.
"Just taste that, said the bon-vlvant,
pouring out a mere thimbleful of hia
priceless wine, "that's forty years old."
"Is it possible!" exclaimed his thirsty
friend.
"Yes, indeed. Don't you believe It?"
"Oh, yes— but— er— It's very little for Its
a«re."— Philadelphia Press.
S72 40 for St. Paul
St. Paul can be reached in a comfortable way
en thi> Santa Fe Route, and In order that yr>u
may have an opportunity to learn this cheaply
we will yell tickets there and back for $72 4d
on July 11 and 12. Come to 62S Market street.
Train goes at 0 a. m.
Cheap Rate to St., Paul and Return
Cheapest rate of the season: tickets on »a!a
July 11th and 12th. T. K. Stateier, Gen. Agt..
Northern Pacific Ry.. 60S Market «t.. S. F.
The argument for a department of labor has not
been so apparent as that for the commerce depart
ment. The present Labor Bureau has done it's work
with eminent success, and it is doubtful whether much
a ould be gained by raising it to the rank of a Cabinet
department. But the request of the miners for a de
partment of mines and mining,- which both parties
have overlooked, is fully as important as either of
those which have been indorsed. The mining indus
try is one of the largest in the country, and has im
portant branches in every section of the Union/ Its
affairs are now scattered through half a dozen
bureaus, and are even more confused than those of
commerce. Therefore, when Congress enters upon
a consideration of the claims of commerce and of la
bor for Cabinet departments it should not be per
mitted to overlook the claims which the mining men
have so long and so justly urged.
There are no reasons why there should.be any par
tisanship in matters of this kind, and it is not likely
that any will arise. The industrial and commercial
activities of the country have outgrown the present
governmental forms. Much of our commercial busi
ness is now carried ori under bureaus of the Treasury
Department, while all the consular offices are under
control of the State Department. Thus there is con
fusion and divided authority where there should be
system and harmony, and as a consequence the de
mand for a department of commerce has been long
manifest.
seat in the Cabinet, believing that the elevation of the
American laborer will bring with it increased produc
tion and increased prosperity to our country at home
and to our commerce abroad."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
Florist Thirsts for Rival's Gore.
Assunto Martorella and Flllpo Matrela
are rival florists at the Slx-MIfe House
on the Mission road. Yesterday mornlns
Suits for divorce have been filed by
George A. Bruchner ' against* Lizzie C
Bruchner for cruelty: by Mary A. Maher
against William "E. Maher, same ground,
and by Roseltha Hunter Anderson against
Charles M. Anderson for desertion.
6
THE DONK— I CAN'T SEE HOW THAT'S GOING TO DO ME ANY GOOD.
St. Paul Pioneer-Press
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar-'TamJlle."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houye — "The Dancing Girl."
Columbia— "A Marriage of Convenience."
California— "A Contented Woman."
Tivoli-'The Ge'.sha."
Olymria, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.lr.«.
Fischer' e— "Martha."
Putro Pathy— Oren r.'.ghts.
Keel' looking young and save your hair, its
color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam:
Hlndercorns. the best cure for rorns. 13 ct3.
GIVK IT* A WIDE BERTH.
Sandy Pike*?— Strike Denver off our vis-
Pelluci'd Pikes— What fur?
Sandy Pikes— Why. dis paper says dat
enuf soap has arrived in dat city to sup-
ply 130.COO people fur a year.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malls 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
r- H MFR?R>fH lawyer. iOt mi., rjnnf- h»
COAL. COXB AND I>IO IKON.
F f Till SfiV £ f ft m Battery Stre-t.
.'•w IHLaUil g tU-.THephone Mala UU.
COPPERSMITH.
f W SMITH Shlp Plu mbins. Steamboat ant
v- WO,?! I 111. ship Work a specialty. IS and
18 Washington *t. Telephone Main M41.
ELECTRICAL. ~~
D. D. WAS3.
Electrical Engineer. 38 East «t.
FRFSH ANr> SALT MEATS. ~
IAS ROYFS £ CO 1 "* Butcher*. 104
JA3- DM I C J ft V V» Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS. "
Mfir. & Dealer In Metal* & Galvanizing JOHM
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO Aivro." Best leather preserver oa
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1169 Howard.
LITHOORAPHINO.
Union Lithograph Co.. 3£> Sansome it Artl«ttn
Lithographers and Printers. Government U-
cense« for Imprinting of Revenue Stamp*.
METAL. ~
Extra Hnotypa and stereotype meta.1 P»rM*
Metal Works. 137-8 First ¦?. San Tr*£££
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOTAttD A VX~
MS. 413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main lA
PA!NTS.
Cyllmller & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlntn?
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. S F?
PRINTIMJ.
F^RUGHES. m flTO.ir.
THE hSS^ 1^
** First »t.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRIJITER.
T>1 c^ a e p a. htq PARTRIDGE "^ST*
WHITE iSfl STEAM COAL, th^blaS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO at Its OMM
narkat. Otnc* and Tarta— im m^i. strMULOS ANGELES. July la.— The suit
brought against the Herald Publishing
Company by the city circulators of the
paptr to enjoin the company from dispos
ing of a majority of its stock to persons
who contemplated making a Republican
paper of the Herald was to-day dismissed
by mutual agreement.
H«rald Suit Dismissed.
Evidence Against Crites.
"Wilbur P. Crltes, the young soldier who
was arrested at the Presidio a few weeks
ago by United States Marshal Shine on
a charge of forgery, was before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday for further hearing. George G.
Birdsall. City Marshal of Colorado City,
testified that he saw Crites. go into
Kranz's pawn-shop in that city and
tender in payment for good:* purchased a.
money order on which Crites' father's
name had been forged. The hearing was
continued until Wednesday of next week,
¦when Kranz. the pawnbroker, wiU b«
here to testify.
Stabbed in the Abdomen.
Thomas Grady. an engineer of Tes'a.
was held tf> answer before tho Superior
Court by Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of assault to murder. Saturday
night during a quarrel In Billy Abbott's*
paloon. on Dupont street. Grady stabbed
Joseph O'Shea, a laborer, in the abdomen.
Sudden Death of Ether Knight.
Ether Knight, a cigar dealer residing 1 at
507 Haight street, was found dead in bed
at 6:20 o'clock yesterday morning. He
seemed to be in the best of health and
spirits when he retired on the previous
eveninsr. He was 66 years old and leaves
a family.
Released and Rearrested
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
j-estrrrtay from St. Louis that Percy J.
young had been released on a writ of
habeas corpus and promptly rearrested
on a fugitive warrant. He is implicated
in the advertising frauds with J. R. Hays,
the ex-messenger boy, on the Dunsmulr
Coal Company. Jules Callundan of
Morse's agency is on his way to St. Louis
to bring him back.
"I will endeavor to Interpret American
law In those islands on the broadest prin
ciples of Justice. If I can accomplish that.
"I cannot leave without saying good
by," Eaid Judge Estee. "and I must say
that the word has never before seemed so
difficult to pronounce, I believe that It is
possible for a judge to be a man and I
will always try to be a true American. I
hope that the love for my country, and
especially for California, may never be
supplanted. I have resided here for forty
eeven years, having first set foot on this
soil when I was 19 years of age. It is
with a feeling of profound regret that I
leave California, The regret is somewhat
palliated, however, when I remember that
the District Court of Hawaii Is in the
Ninth Circuit District and I will therefore
be enabled to visit you twice a year.
THE reception tendered to Hon. M. M.
Estee. United States District Judge
for the Territory of Hawaii, by the
Union League Club last night, drew
several hundred representative citizens to
the club rooms at the Palace Hotel. The
distinguished guest was bidden godspeed
in eloquent speeches delivered by gentle
men affiliated both with the Republican
and Democratic parties. Men who stand
high in judicial councils also said a kindly
word for the man selected for high office
by the Ckief Executive of the nation.
The affair was Informal and non-parti
san and the assemblage was presided over
by A. G. Booth, president of the Union
league. Seated on the platform was Judge
Estee. whom he introduced in a felicitous
speech. Judge Estee was greeted with
prolonged applause and it was several
minutes before he was allowed to proceed.
Justice Brown of the United States Su
preme Court followed Judge Morrow, and
after a reference to the highly honorable
"We are proud that a man who repre
sents so well the best Interests of this
State " said Judge Morrow, "has been se
lected for so Important a task as that of
inaugurating a judicial system in a new
country. Judge Estee has a clean slate
in a Federal way in Hawaii, for there
have been no lawyers or judges before him
to muss up legal matters. If he does not
do what is right it is his own fault. There
are splendid opportunities before him in
the Federal judiciary, and I am sure he
will take advantage of them."
Justice Keatty, referring in his letter to
Judge Estee, says: "His appointment is a
deserved tribute to his professional stand
ing and his personal worth, and I venture
to predict that his career as a Judge will
amply vindicate the wisdom of his selec
tion. His good sense, good temper, sound
learning and unquestioned integrity qual
ify him In an eminent degree for the
judicial office."
After a brief complimentary speech by
Irving M. Scott, Judge Morrow congratu
lated Mr. Estee In an interesting talk.
The appointment of Mr. Estee to the highest
Judicial post in Hawaii is approved by all good
Californlans of all parties. He has been a
friend without faltering/ a public character
without culle, a partisan without rancor, a
lawyer wlthcut chicane and a gentleman with
cut blemish. He goes to the high duty of or
ganizing an American judiciary In the land
ot" the Kamehamehas. fully equipped in pro
fessional learning, and if the numerous wishes
of his friends affect the fates his voyage will
be on halcyon seas and his future filled with
the pleasures that wait upon, a faithful and
honorable life.
at not being able to b© present at the
gathering and complimented Judge Estee
on his being selected for the high office.
Colonel Irish's letter concltjded as follows:
Chairman Booth then read letters from
John P. Irish and Chief Justice Beatty.
Both gentlemen expressed their regrets
"It was destined that sooner or later
Mr. Estee should meet his reward for the
years of faithful service he has given his
party," said Senator Perkins. "It was his
sterling worth and manly qualities that
induced the President to so honor our dis
tinguished townsman. M. M. Estee has
done so much for California that his name
should be inscribed in letters of gold upon
the pages of lts'history. He will earn the
confidence of the people of those Islands,
of that I am sure, l^e is not going far
away. The Senate has passed a bill ap
propriating sufficient money to lay a cable
to Honolulu. Let Kahn and Loud tlnish
the other half of the work In Congress,
and next February we will but have to
touch the key to talk to Judge Estee."
Turning to. Mr. Estee, Senator Perkins
said in feeling accents:
"May the brightest anticipation of your
life be realized."
United States Senator Perkins was then
called on by Chairman Booth and paid
a glowing tribute to the high character
of the man whom those present had gath
ered to greet.
the people need have no regret3 over the
annexation of Hawaii. It will be my
special aim to administer wisely the Fed
eral law. If I fail to give a lawful inter
pretation of the principles of justice I will
not blame you for being glad that I have
gone and for hoping that I may never
come back to you again. A judicial friend
of mine informed me this afternoon that
a real judge should never make any prom
ises and should never make a speech. I
am afraid that I am but Illy following his
advice. I desire to state, however, that
I thoroughly appreciate the honor that
has been conferred upon me and also this
beautiful expression of your friendship to
one who Is going away. I trust that I will
continue to be worthy of it all."
position to be filled by Judge Estee said:
"Whatever may be said about imperial
ism and its attendant evils, it must be re
membered that the Hawaiian Islands were
made a part of the United States not by
conquest, but by a union of hearts and
tiags arid owing to the volition of their
people. It is therefore not subject to
the objections of Imperialism. It will bo
a source of wealth to this great nation. 1
hope to live long enough to write an ap
peal from the court of Hawaii, of which
our guest is destined to be so distin
guished an exponent."
Justice McFarland said that Judge
Estce was well qualiiled to fill the impor
tant position to which he had been ap
pointed, and many people v.-ill regret to
see him go. He bade the parting guest
godspeed and hoped that in his new
career he would meet with unbounded
success.
General Barnes made a felicitous speech
In which he expressed his confidence that
Judge Esteo would establish the principles
of truth, Justice and equity in Hawaii.
"The Christian law and the maintenance
of right will be safe in your hands," con
cluded Barnes, "and I wish you all the
success that you are certain to meet in
the administration of justice."
Frank H. Gould eaid that Democrats aa
well as Republicans have a gveat admi
ration for the man who was being hon
ored before his departure to assume an
office which he was eminently tltted to
occupy. He congratulated the people of
the State and the United States in having
a man on the Hawaiian bench who had
never committed a dishonorable act in his
whole career. •
"Judge Estee Is a friend of the poor and
of the rich," said George A. Knight. "He
will mete out justice in the manner that
makes the courts of the United States the
bulwarks of American liberty. His in
dustry arid Integrity have carried him
Flabbl Voorsanger, C. W. Mark (chairman of
the Hoard of Education), ex-c'hlef L#es, E.
Myron Wolfe, Dr. L. t>. Dorr, H. V. Morehouse.
Judge Lawlor, S. W. Hollaiiay. Secretary of
State Charles F. Curry. Colonel F. \V. Sumner,
City ar.d County Attorney Charles K. Lane.
Ju.ige J. M. Seawell, Assistant t'nited States
Treasurer M. C Cooney. Judge
M. H. Myrlck. Colonel T. V. Kddy. J. P.
Currier. M. C. Hutchinnon. it Norton. Charles
A. Murdock. I3r. W. Anderson. JtM#e Bahrs,
AV. A. Rlcnaniscn. Drurv Melone. C. A. Grav.
ex-Judge J»w, E. H. D'ibble. M. E. Cerf, L.
H. Clerncr.t C. W. HhurtleiT. Supreme Court
Commissioner Gray, Frank Dalton. K. Nolan.
Frank (."unmlngs, K. K. Cannell. Judpe Hra
cock, E. I*. Cornwall. George I->. Clark, Sur
veyor General J. 51. Cleaves. Arthur L.. Lev
insky, Congressman de Vries. Congressman
Loud, Theodore Reiehert, Assistant United
States Appraiser John T. .Dare. J. D. Spreckela
and Samuel M. Sbortridge.
Among those present to testify by their
presence the high regard they feel for
Mr. Estee were:
The aoeechmaking beirtfj ended the as
sembled guests were given an opportunity
to shake hands with and extend peraonal
congratulations to Judge Estce. Many
availed themselves of. the privilege, and
while doing so selections were played by
the band and vocal numbers were ren
dered by the Knickerbocker quartet.
Light refreshments were served, and the
reception concluded with three cheers for
th? honored guest of the evening.-
Gavin McNab was the last speaker, and
expressed his appreciation of the fact that
tho tribute to Judge Esteo was spon
taneous and non-partisan. lie iir^ed upon
his hearers more of that principle which
actuated them in honoring a CaMfornlan.
lie, said that it would indeed be a pleas
ure to him when h»; arrived at Mr. Estee's
uge if he could look back upon a career
as honorable and feel that he had lived
Ms life as well.
forward on the top wave of success, and
as a man he has earned his high office,"
Jeremiah Toohey of 3011 Nineteenth
etreet was knocked down by Valencla
strt-et car No. 23 on Market street, oppo
site the Claus Spreck^ls buildinp. about
BdO o'clock last night and received bruises
and cuts about the head. He was taken 1
to :he Receiving: Hospital. The surgeons ;
fear that he has sustained a fractured :
Fkull an<i have held him for observation. <
J. A. Tilton was the conductor In charge i
of the car and V. C. Walsman the grip- :
man.
Knocked Down by a Car.
SOME OF^ THE OISTINGUISHED MEN WHO GATHERED TO CONGRATULATE HON. M. M. ESTEE
The New Officers for the Current
Term — Members and Invited
Guests Have a Jolly Time.
Stanford Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, had the following named In
stalled by W. J. Wynn. T>. D. O. P.. last
night as Its officers for the current term:
W. H. Dick. past president; F. Humph,
reya, president; W- I>. Hynes. W. S. Ruck
cr and S. O.Stanyan, vice presidents; Fred
II. Junp;, recording: secretary; Joseph (I.
Cox. financial secretary; Frank II. Ecker
roth. treasurer; A. F. Schleicher. mar
shal- Josrph Grt*>nberp. Edward II. Ham
mer and Bruce Cornwall, trustees; Henry
Van Valkenburgh. Inside sentinel; A. C.
Trautvetter outside sentinel: Dra. L* I>.
Bacigalupi. E. K. Bryant. CharU-a Clark.
"Washington E>oe"ge, A. McLaughlin, F. V..
Sutherland and J. M. Williamson, sur
geons.
After the Installation about two hundred
members and Invited guests marche.i from
Native Sons' Hall to a Stockton strr«>t
rotisserle, where a choice banquet was
partaken of. During the eveninsr Grant
Laugnlin responded to the toast "Califor
nia." District Deputy Grand President W.
J. Wynn to "Our Order," J. W. Lewis to
"The VM Celebration." D. A. Curtin to
"I'sed to be a Waser." Grand Secretarv
Lundstedt to "The Native Daughters."
"FTaternlty" was responded to by Charle3
L. Patton.
Then there were vocal selections and
specialties by Harry Brown. W. J. O'Rrien.
Thomas Gre»n. George Hammersmith.
Ferris Hartman, Edwin Stevens and
"Doc" Leahy.
William A. Deane, the retirlrjr past
president, was presented a beautiful gold
and diamond set badge of his rack in ths
order by the parlor.
STANFORD PARLOR GIVES
AN INSTALLATION BANQUET
temporary secretary.
Thirty-third Assembly District— P. J. Hag
terty, temporary president; liudolpn Urbaln,
temporary secretary.
Tli'.rty-fourth Assembly District— P. J. Ken
nedy, tem;>orary president; Thomas 6. Alford.
temporary secretary.
Ttirty-fifth Assembly District— H. J. Staf
ford, temporary president; L. J. Lio'.an, tem
porary 'secretary-
Th'.rty-sixth Assembly District— Barna Mo-
Kinn<?, temporary president; Charles C Tal-
Eiad^e, temporary secretary.
Thlrty-fevent;-. Assembly District— FYed Bald
win, temporary president; William 1L Maguire,
temporary secretary.
Thirty-e'.shth Assembly District— Otrea Me-
ITuRh. temporary president; Leo J. Devlin,
temj^crarv secretary.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Dr. J. S.
ivus, temporar> president; John C. Qulnlan,
temporary secretary.
FYxUetb As-semhly District— Daniel S. Curran.
temporary pmldmt; Louis T. Samuels, tem-
I»rary secretary.
F^rty-first Assembly District— Don tel Stoney,
temporary' president; It, J. Hlg-hland, tempo
rary secretary.
F"rty-second Assembly District — Louis de F.
rsartlett. temporary president; Joseph P.
Hajfrs. temporary secretary.
F' rty-third ¦Millililj District— J. J. Mc-
Gulre. temporary president; tj. tera
l-orary secretary.
F^rty-fourth Assembly District— Walter J.
I~»eTOi»rtlnl, temporary president; George Orr,
temiK>rary secretary.
Frrty-fifth Assembly District— P. Paul Vlau
t;n. temporary president; M. F. Urennan. tem
i-jrary secretary.
The organization committee Is as follows:
Andrew <J. Maguire. chalnnar. : Thomas E. Cur
ran. secretary; M. C. Ilassett. P. J. Tomalty,
<Ieorrre McOillivray. Dr. Thomas B. \V. Leland,
Samuel Krcur.hart.
Enrollment will commence to-morrow
evening, July 12, at C:"0 o'clock at places
to be designated by the committtee.
Times and places for further enrollment
cn<1 r-rrmar.ent org-anization will be an
nounced* by tht- committee in due time.
Enrollment Will Be Segun in the Va
rious Assembly Districts of
the City This
Evening.
The Democratic County Committee of
the city and county of San Francisco,
through its committee on organization,
has directed the organization of "Bryan
ar.d Stevenson" clubs f:i each of the
eighteen Assembly districts and has ap
pointed temporary officers to make the en
rollment of Democrats as follows:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— J. D. Max
well, tercporsry prfsld^nt ; I^awrence Hoey,
temporary secretary.
Twenty-r.ir.th Assembly District— J. J. Svree
n^r. temporary president; J. J. Lynch, tem
porary fc«»cr»"tary.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Hamilton H.
F.ant. temporary president; Frank O. Keuney,
temporary secretary.
Th!r:y-flrst Assembly District— Nicholas Mor
risey. temporary president; William Cannon,
temp^rarj" secretary.
Th'.rty-eeccnd Assembly District— R. Oalbally,
temporary president; Dr. Charles Trorpman,
DEMOCRATS PREPARING
TO ORGANIZE CLUBS
Then Ropers started to show how he
7Z2*& £ 1S \ helns and his leuera^erl
r^ad. but he has not yet explained what
Wa testimony h*j alrVadv made plain-
V at «'-f hat ¦£*•£«* he "wrote to Marv
SSS ro^e^t^er? s^lTnSV^Tht
BBSS?* ln lhe euhivan case ' " h "
thT^i.ofenr 11 oomlnu * at ha * P"t ten
the ca»». as It has been rour Honor's pleasure
ard your conduct throughout this cafe, to give
the full—t and deer^t anj broadest ecope to
this inv«tipatlon. Beyond that TheCall J ' wrE
£a n ° Ult " rior P' Jr^. hut only the public
Fitting Reception in Honor of the Newly Appointed
United States District Judge* of Hawaii.
CONTT5CTTED FROM PAGE TWO.
RASCALS
RUN TO
EARTH
FRIENDS BID HEARTY GODSPEED
TO THE HON. MORRIS M. ESTEE
Extends Personal Invitation
to Fraternal Bodies
to Parade.
?
"Work of tlie Jubilee Entertainment
Committee — Secretary of Navy
to Be Addressed Concern
ing War Vessels.
Grand Marshal Costello an.l President of
the Parade Committee Orady paiil a visit
last nlsht to the Veteran Volunteer Fire
men's Association, at 21 Fourth street, to
extend a personal Invitation to that bob
to take part in the semi-centennial Ait
mission tlay parade. They were well re
ceived, and from the enthusiasm It la cer
tain that the old flre-nghurs will ma.ee a
tine showing in line, president I>runner
ot the association said that he wou.J sts
cure one of the old-time members «>r
Pennsylvania Er.glr.e Company No. U and
have him wear the uniform that was
worn by the members or that company on
dress parade in tlie early titties.
The same gentlemen also paid a \islt
to the board of deputies of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters. That body ac
cepted the invitation extentied. ana an
nounced that It would urge the courts to
take action in the matter ot turning out
with a float, and would draw the atten
tion of the high chief ranger and of tho
supreme officers to the matter and try ta
Inauce them t<> help.
The* entertainment committed met last
night and appointed a sub-cemmiuee to
wait on the Park Commissioners and
Claus Sprectcels, with a view toward hav
ing the new music .stand in the park dedi
cated during the celebration, n also ap
pointed a cummlttee to wait on General
Shafter to ask him to have a military re
view at the Presidio on September 11.
Several propositions for sidi=-»how«, in
cluding a Midway Plalsanee and toboggan
slide in Central Park, wt-re presented, and
these will be submitted to the general
committee. ...
The naval parade committee decided to
address a communication to the Secretary
of the Navy asking him to order all avail
able warships in the bay o! San Francisco
or at Mare Island to take part la the
naval demonstration. Senator Perkins
and Representative Kahn will assist in
this matter.
The decoration committee examined sev
eral designs for an arch, but did not
reach any conclusion. Chief Sullivan has
given assurance that the Police Depart
ment will co-operate with the native
Sons in the celebration, but that instead
of parading the officers Will, in view oC
the great number of strangt-rs who will
come, do all that is possible to protect
them frcm those who are always ready
to fleece the unwary.
P. J. von I-obfn S^ls on behalf of tr.ft
republic of Paraguay has accepted tlM
invitation to that couniry to take part in.
the Jubilee.
The Associate Veterans of the Mexican
"U'ar have appointed a committee to con
fer with the grand marshal in regard to
their participation in the parade.
The paracw committee will hold a meet
ing to-night at headquarters In the Palaco
Hotel.
GRAND MARSHAL
GOES ON A TOUR
OF VISITATION
George J. Boyne of the Forty-third As
sembly District, who had been waiting
impatiently for a parliamentary chance
to launch his protest against the methods
of J. J. Curry, sprang to his feet imme
diately after the announcement of the
vote on the resolutions. He demanded
that T. K. Kase, a Republican spokes
man, should be heard. A. R. Smith en
deavored to Interpose an objection on the
ground that no protest had been lodged,
but Mr. Boyne was persistent. In his in
sistence he was ably seconded by Orator
Kase, who essayed to address the meet-
Ing with the freedom of one possessing
the power and influence of a regular mem
ber. Chairman Bouvier reminded the vis
iting orator that freedom of speech - on
the occasion was a prerogative of the
members and did not extend to guests.
When Kase subsided Boyne "bobbed up,"
and between the two the floor was held.
As a question- of personal privilege Boyne
pleaded that Kase be heard. He inti
mated that refusal. to hear Kase might
cost the party an Assemblyman in the
district. The committee finally yielded
and Kase came to the front with privilege
to speak for ten minutes. . ,
Mr. Kase spoke rapidly, reviewing the
events of the double-headed meeting In
the Forty-third District on Monday night.
He insisted that the officers elected at the
meeting over which Curry presided re
ceived only forty votes. He remarked
that the roll was not called, as the plan
The ' petitions mentioned in the fore
going resolution must be filed with the
Election Commissioners not later than
next Saturday. . _
In response to inquiries Chairman
Bouvier explained that the apportionment
of delegates was made according to tho
requirements of the election law.
The law, In its application to the
State convention, requires that tho
average vote of certain State officers shall
furnish the basis of representation;
whereas, in local conventions, the average
vote of. all candidates of the party" in the
territory is reckoned. The apparent In
equalities in district representation were
thus accounted for. Figures of thes. vote
were obtained from the Registrar's
ofllce.
The chairman advised the members that
no proxies would be allowed, and that the
expenses to Santa Cruz would be paid by
the individual delegates.
That the chairman and secretary of this com
mittee be and are hereby authorized and in
structed to file on behalf of this committee
with the Election Commissioners of the city
and county of Ban Francisco any and all pe
titions or Instruments required by law.
Thirty-seventh District 10 delegates
Thlrty-elKhth District 10 delegates
Thirty-ninth District S delegates
Fortieth District 10 delegates
Forty-first District 10 delegates
Forty-second District 8 delesates
Forty-third District 7 delegates
Forty-fourth District 7 delegates
Forty-fifth District , 4 delegates
"I do not know what the vote- was." re
plied Major Bettis. "but if the ballot box
was stuffed, who were the stuffers on our
side? Who were the stuffers that came
in with the other crowd? Everything pro
ceeded orderly till they came In at 9
o'clock and demanded the roll call and to
be allowed to vote. Mr. Curry decided
against them In accordance with correct
"Mr. Kase has told you what has hap
pened and Mr. Boyne has told you what
will happen. Now. let me tell you what
will not happen. If you disorganize the
club which I lepresent not one of those
who helped elect its officers will go over
to the Democratic camp. Some of those
that came in with the other crowd may,
for I saw among them some of the low
browed specimens that you see south of
Market street or hanging around Billy
Abbott's saloon."
- The remark was an unfortunate one, as
a friend of a commltteeman from south of
Market street who was standing near the
door resented It, and voiced his objection
in vigorous terms. He wanted it under
stood that there were no "low-browed"
specimens south of Market street, and he
wouldn't "stand for" any slurs on his dis
trict. It took the combined efforts of
Chairman Bouvier and a special officer to
restore order.
• "From sixty to eighty men were present
at our meeting," resumed Major Bettis.
"Everything "was conducted regularly and
orderly. Nominations were made without
hurry and in regular form, and nomina
tions were not closed until plenty of time
had been given. Then the vote began.
Every name on the roll was called, and
any statement to the contrary Is false."
The speaker was again interrupted, this
time by G. J. Boyne, who wanted to know
how it was if, as the speaker had said,
there were but sixty or eighty present, 245
votes had been cast.
of organization required, and that no op
portunity was afforded for the election of
officers. He said;
"Shall the Forty-third District Repub
licans, standing tor decency and against
bosses, be excluded from the right to se
lect representatives of their party? "We
protest against the action of a very small
minority. We say dissolve both clubs in
the district and give us a chance to re
organize. Give us. a chance to demon
strate, that we represent the anti-boss
Republicans."
The call of "time" prevented an exten
sion of the speech.
Major F. A. Bettis was called upon by
Chairman Bouvier to reply^ and was In
troduced as chairman or the regular or
ganization of the Firty-thlrd Assembly
District.
"This controversy hurts me," said Major
Bettis. "I am a Republican of fifty-six
years' standing, and this is the first time
I have been in a Republican row. I have
opposed Democrats for many years, and I
fought them for four years. But this row
hurts me.
The chairman asked members of the
committee to send to the secretary the
addresses of the officers of the district
clubs and to urge upon Republicans the
necessity of registering without delay. A
thousand voters must be registered each
working day that remains in order that
none may be deprived of a vote.
A motion to adjourn wa3 made, and
Chairman Bouvier said in answer to a
query that the contest In the Forty-third
District organization would be settled by
the advisory and executive committee. A3
scon as a protest was filed Chairman Tru
man of the joint committee would call a
meeting to take up the question.
parliamentary usage. The count was fin
ished and I took the chair, but the racket
made by the disturbers was so great that
we could not proceed and we were com
pelled to adjourn."
Major Bettis closed his speech within
the ten-minute limit. «
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11. 1000.
Th» whittle of a locomotive is heard
2?/*) yards through the air; the noise of a
railway train. 2VM yards; the report of a
rifl> and the bark of a dog. 1S00 yards; an
orchestra or th* 1 roll of a drum. 1000
yard?: th*» croaking of frogs, 900 yards;
ihe ch'rplr.sr of crickets, 800 yards. Dis
tinct speaking is heard In the air above
to a distance of CV) yards; from above It
Js understood to have a range of only 100
yards downward.
France Is Becoming Quite a Center
Even official reports Issued from French
Government bureaus nowadays must give
Fome aid and comfort to temperance cru
saders. Thus a bulletin issued by the
Department of Finance a few months ago
afserts that alcoholism is making alarm
ing progress In France. In fifty years the
production of alcohol there has increased
two and a half fold and the consumption
per capita Is three times as' largo as It
was half a century ago. Official warning
is piven of the great evil this vast con
sumption of alcohol is inflicting upon the
country- Tho amount of money wasted
in drink is very great, but the Io0.0u0.000
Irenes spent annually for liquors in
France is as nothing compared with the
lmnairrai til of the public health.
Now comes M. Kaoul Leroy with an
article In the Annales de Hygiene on his
study of alcoholism In Brittany. He says
that since 1>i35 the consumption of alcohol
there has been steadily Increasing and la
now two and a half times as large per
capita as it was sixty-five years ago. The
Increase or diminution of . the tax on
brandy has never had the slightest Influ
ence on consumption. Insanity has largely
Increased. kef-ping pace apparently witn.
the progress of alcoholic consumption.
Another French Journal calls attention
to the growth of alcoholism in Chile. Th«
mattrr has recently b«*en debated in the
Congress of that country. Some of the
Deputies asserted that unless steps wens
lak^n very soon to stop the spread of the
evil the health and morals of the inhab
itants would be completely undermined.
According to the figures adduced during
tho discussion the number of persons
sdlrted to the excessive use of alcohol In
thirty-thre* departments is CS.592. A re
marlcablv' high p*rc*?ntage of drunkards
is found In Santiago and Valparaiso. San
tiapo. with only SdO.OOO Inhabitants, counts
over 24,000 person* who are addicted to the
excessive use of intoxicants. ';>'-.
I«iquor literature.
for the Preparation of Anti-
FACTS FOB, TEMPERANCE FOLKS
Thirty-fourth District, seventeen delegates.
Thirty-fifth District, thirteen delegates.
Thirty-sixth District, eighteen delegates.
Thirty-seventh District, nineteen delegates.
Thirty-eighth District, eighteen delegates.
Thirty-ninth District, seventeen delegates.
Fortieth District, nineteen delegates.-
Forty-first District, eighteen delegates.
Forty-second District, fourteen delegates.
Forty-third District, twelve delegates.
Forty-fourth District, thirteen delegates.
Forty-fifth District, eight delegates.
That the delegates apportioned as above and
elected to said local convention and no others
shall constitute the delegates to the various
Senatorial and Assembly District conventions.
That the chairman and secretary of this com
mittee be and are hereby authorized and In
structed to make, authenticate and file on be
half of this committee with the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners of the city and county of
Pan Francisco any and all petitions required
by law.
State Convention.
Whereas, The Republican State Central Com
mittee of California in Its petition to the
Secretary of State for a place on the ballot
to be used at the primary to be held on the
14th day of August, 1900. at which time are
to be elected delegates to a Republican State
Convention to be held In the city of Santa
Cruz on the 28th day of August. 1900, for the
purpose of nominating Presidential Electors and
for the transaction of such other business as
may be brought before It, has apportioned to
the city and county of San Francisco 130 del
egates, the basis of paid apportionment being
one delegate for each 200 votes cast of the
average vote and one delegate for each re
mainder of -100. votes or over of the average
vote caBt in each county for the Republican
State officers; the said apportionment In detail
being left to the county committee; It is there
fore
Resolved, That the detail of such apportion
ment by Assembly districts be as follows: •
Twenty-eighth District 6 delegates
Twenty-ninth District 5 delegates
Thirtieth District 5 delegates
Thirty-first District 5 delegates
Thirty-second District E delegates
Thirty-third District 7 delegates
Thirty-fourth District ;..- 9 delegates
Thirty-fifth District 6 delegates
Thlrty-eUth District . 9 delegates
Two Hundred and Fifty Delegates
to Be Chosen at Primary
Election August 14.
«7v? X animated session of tho Republl
/[_? can County Committee was held
evening at Bhlels Hall. In the
midst of the liveliest proceedings tho
electric lights went out. leaving the hall
in total darkness. However, as gas was
available, light was soon restored.
Immediately after the meeting 1 was
called to order Alfred Bouvier, chairman
of the committee, Introduced the follow
ing resolutions relating to the election of
delegates to State and local nominating
conventions, and by unanimous vote the
resolutions were adopted:
City and County Convention.
Resolved. By th« County Committee of. the
Republican party In ond for the city and
county of Kan Francisco that this call Is here
by adopted and Issued for a local Republican
convention to be convened within the city
and county of Fan Francisco between the
21st day of August, 1300, and the 20th day of
September. 1900; that Bald local convention
shall be held for the nomination of candidates
for public offices to be voted for In said city
and county and In each and every Assembly
and Senatorial district therein at the next
ensuing general election to be held In this
State, or at any special election which may
be called within two years from August 14,
1900. for the purjwse of filllne any vacancy
or any public office for which such conven
tion Is entitled to make nominations.
That the paid local convention nhall consist
of 250 delegates, all of which delegates must
b« elect#4 at the primary election to be held
on Augru«t 14. 1900: that the apportionment of
delegates to said local convention shall be one
delegate for each 100 votes cast of the average
vote and one delegate for each remainder of
fifty votes or over of thp average vote cast
for all the Republican candidates voted for In
each Assembly Dl&trict at the general election
of 1S9S: that the apportionment of delegates
to each Assembly District is as follows:
Twenty-elKhth District, nine delegates.
Twenty-ninth District, eleven delegates.
Thirtieth District, eleven delegates.
Thirty-first District, eleven delegates.
Thlrty-wcond District, nine delegates.
Thirty-third District, thirteen delegate*.'
REPUBLICANS CALL
LOCAL CONVENTION
MONTEREY. July 10.— The Monterey
County Agricultural Association has set
October 16 to 20 as the time for holding:
the Monterey County Fair. This date la
chosen because It Immediately follows tho
San Jose fair.
Monterey County Fair.
7
BaUHHBHBBanBHHHHUflHHUBMHHSBHaBEia
| NO CURE-NO PAY! f
El My Electric Belt is a quick and positive cure gj
¦ _-— — i)P»«Vr—^^_^ * or weakness in men. The vitalizing electric g
g /^^ T^t^^^S P° wer is given direct to all weak parts, develop- Q
*| M^O^rV~<^J ing the full, natural vigor. It makes the blood B
5 -^L*^ 1 warm and the nerves as strong as steel. I want O
Fl every man ivho is weak or who sutlers from lame j"*
H Mz!i4$*%> )*^v^a br> ' cl< ' r heumatism, weak stomach or ailing kid- S
H &&^*-'££«&si ne >'S. to be cured by it. pay me when cured and n
Q iSiiPiiicilal then to teI1 his fronds. n
¦ W^bF dr * WcLAUGHLIN ' s offer, g
23 .¦_ "^S '"' "* * r^r ' am no * giving Belts away. I am simply curing H
jT| \, \J /T first and asking my pay afterward. I am doing 5
D tr *n S b ecause I can do it. I have an Electric Belt S
¦ fl Fl iat CURE, and any honest man who will §
B 4^ / secure me can have my Belt and pay me when ¦
3 eL| J cured. Is that fair? My Belt is twice as strong
« I as any other, and is the only one that can be
id T3»'*h& worn with comfort. It does not burn. £J
21 Call and consult me to-day, or send for my illustrated 8o-page book, ¦
B t : ~ 1 which tells my story honest- ¦
B Sciatic Rheumatism. j y . Sent sealed free. ¦
£3 723 Green Street. * B
S Fan Francisco, June 7, l*tf>. « m
*•} For two years I suffered from rheuma- nn If I II I ItlPlll 111 tZ
D tirm. A brother engineer whom your Belt IIk M A Mpl AI||,HI IN *"
¦ had cared advised me to c*t one. It has Ufll 111) Hi lllLLHUU IlLI III ¦
m driven every sien of the trouble from my m
ZZ system. My pains have entirely gone. 702 Market st.. cor. Kearny. Baa ,
EH JAMES PAIUCER. Francisco, and cor. Sprtn« and JJ»
¦ f +- -Second. Los Angeles. 21
IHHIB1IIBI1HHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
CHICAGO. July 10.— A special to the News
frcrr. Rockford, 111., Eays: George .Jacob
Fchweirfurth, clalmM by his followers' to be
the true Messiah ar.d the son of God. has
renounce the faith and annmjnced that he
will leave the "heaven" at one*.Woman's Club to Meet.
The Woman's Franchise Organization
will meet to-morrow at 2:30 o'clock' in
Red Men's building at 320 Post street. An
interesting address will be delivered by
Miss Annie Strunsky and many other la
dies will speak.
DOXALD WHALEN, aged 14. an
elevator boy at the Bohemian Ho
tel, Stockton and Post streets, was
sent by the landlady yester'day
afternoon to clean windows on the third
floor facing Stockton street. "While clean
ing one of the windows he lost his hold
and fell to the sidewalk, a distance of
about forty feet. He struck on his left
side, and It was almost a miracle that he
was not killed outright.
The ambulance was summoned and tho
boy was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Dorr found that his left arm
was broken above the wrist, that there
was a contusion on his left shoulder and
that he was suffering from concussion of
the spine and " internal injuries. His
chances of recovery are doubtful.
The boy's parents live at 375 Natoma
street, lie secured the job as elevator
boy last Saturday, being his first since he
left school. He said he happened to look
toward the street and ft made him dizzy
and he lost his hold. Some "people who
saw him fall rushed toward him, expect
ing to find his mangled body, but he was
conscious and only complained of severe
pains In his back.
LONDON, July 10.— The American Jockeys had a remarkable run of wins
to-day at the second day's races of the Nottingham July meeting,
sweeping the board clear. The Hotel Pierpont Selling Plate (a high
weight handicap) of 100 sovereigns, five furlongs, was won by Quiet
Change, ridden by J. Reiff.
The Bobbers Mill Plate, a high weight handicap of 106 sovereigns, for
three-year-olds nnd upward, six furlongs, was won by Marcelalne, on which
also J. Reiff had the mount.
The Netherfield Park Selling Plate of 100 sovereigns for two-year-olds, five
furlongs, was won by Verdler, with Sloan up. Richard Crocker's Argadeen,
ridden by L. Rein*, was second. •
The St. Albans Handicap of 500 sovereigns by subscription of three sover
eigns each, for three-year-olds and upward, one mile, was won by Le Fleu, on
which Sloan had the leg.
The Bingham Plate of 106 sovereigns, for two-year-olds, five furlongs
was won by Klingsor, guided by moan. '
The Basford Plate of 104 sovereigns, for horses that at time of entry had
not won 200 sovereigns at one time (selling races excepted). one mile and a
half, was won by Richard Croker"s Scotchman II. ridden by L. ReifT
At the first day's racing of the Bilbury Club at Salisbury* to-day the
Downton Handicap of three sovereigns each for starters. (to go to the second
horse), with 200 sovereigns added, for three-year-olds and upward five fur
.longst resulted in a dead heat by J. S. Curtis' four-year-old chestnut colt Star
of Hanover, ridden by E. Jones, and George Edward's four-year-old chestnut
colt Fairy Field, on which J. H. (Skeets) Martin had the mount William c
Whitney's Miguel Aurora colt with McAllister In the saddle was third.
AMERICAN JOCKEYS
TAKE EVERY RACE
Make a Clean Swesp at Nottingham Course,
Scoring" Firsts in Each Event on*
the Day's Card. .
HARDYS YET UNBEATEN".
nis Tournament.
Californians in Fine Form in the Ten-
CHICAGO. July 10.— At the Kenwood
Country Club to-day the twelfth annual
tennis tournament for the Western cham
pionship was continued under the auspices
of the Western Lawn Tennis Association.
The weather was perfect, except for a
fairly stiff breeze. The third round of the
singles was played, as were also matches
in the fourth round of the doubles. The
most interesting match was between Bond
and Neely, the winner of which is ex
pected to —• into the semi-finals with
Collins and Parat.
Singles^ third round— C. A. Terry defeated
Horace Richards. 6-0, 6-1; W. S. Bond defeated
J. C. Neely Jr.. 6-1, 1-6. 6-4; J. A. Roche Jr.
defeated A. S. Hathaway. 5-7. 6-4. 6-1; Charles
Baker defeated A. C. Enow. 9-7. 6-4; U. L.
Layers defeated A. P. Simonds. 6-3. 7-9. 8-6;
L. H. Waidner defeated Ashcroft. 6-1. 6-3; T.
C. Ward defeated J. S. Bridges. 6-2, 6-3.
Fourth round-Sumner Hardy defeated R. C.
Vaughn. 6-2, 6-1; S. B. Alexander defeated A.
C. Torrey, 6-0, 6-4; Sam Hardy defeated H. N.
Gottlieb, 6-2. 6-2.
Doubles, preliminary round— Carter and Mc-
Keevcr defeated Ward and Vaughn, 6-1, 6-1.
4-6, 6-2; Roche and Conde defeated Bush and
partner by default; Poulson and Johnson de
feated Lee Brothers, 6-3, 6-2. .6-2: Collins and
Paret defeated Hammond ' and Champlln, 6-2.
6-2. 6-3; O'Brien and Banks defeated Glfford
and Bailey by default; Carver and Waidner
defeated McCloskey and Itlslnp, 6-1, 6-2, C-3;
McQuist and brother defeated Mundy and part
ner. 6-3, 6-3. 7-5.
First round— Hardy Brothers defeated Marley
and Turnbull, 6-1. 6-3, 6-3; Alexander and Lit
tle defeated Baker and Hill. 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Hanger's Crew Wins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO, July 10.— The gig crew of
the Ranger defeated the Xaral Reserve
crew of the Plnta this morning in a two
mile race by twenty-eight seconds, or live
boat lengths. The race was rowed on the
Fourth, but was protested by the Rangers.
who lost, and the decision of tho referee
was that it should be rowed over once
more this morning. The course was from
the Twenty-eighth street wharf to the
steamship wharf, and the whole front was
lined with people and the ba> x was covered
with craft to watch the trial of strength.
The Ranger's crew struck a thirty-four
Btroke and kept it up, while the Pinta
crew was content with a thirty stroke un
til it was too late to make up the distance
gained by the crew from the cruiser. The
trophy is a silver cup, presented by the
Foresters of America.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. July 10. — The
twentv-first annual meet of the League
of American AVheelmen may be said to be
on. The arrivals up to to-night number
about 500. George Greenburg, "Western
member of the board of control. National
Cycling Association, is here superintend
ing some changes in the banking of the
track at the big exposition building,
where the races will be held. Everything
will be in readiness by to-morrow noon,
thus giving the riders ample time to get
acquainted with the track before the races
begin on Thursday. With the exception
of a very few fast riders, every speedy
man in the country will be on hand to
compete for a share of the JSOuO in prizes
that will be hung up.
By far the best feature of the meet will
be the match race between Major Taylor
and Tom Cooper for a purse of 11000. best
two In three heats. If one man wins two
straight heats a third heat will be run
off as an exhibition event. Side features
Include a multicycle and automobile race.
Have a Larga Attendance.
league Meeting at Milwaukee "Will
WHEELMEN GATHERING.
LAND TITLES
IN SAN DIEGO
HELD INVALID
Trustees Executed Deeds in
Private Capacity, Not
as City Officials.
Property Involved in the Legal Tan
gle Includes What Is Known as
the Sherman and Man
nasse Additions.
Mr.^Collier contended that as the three
men had no interest in the property the
deed could not convey a title to it. and
to make It valid should have the words
as trustees" after the signatures
,,^ ge Jorrance sustained the objection
\\hlle the possessory title may be alK
ri5 h L' e rec 2 rd "tie. he said. Is not, and
the holders of property might find It dif
ficult to sell their lots until the matter is
straightened out. Endless litigation is
liable to result, although the tanjrle could
very easily be settled by having the cfty
give new titles to the present holders
of the property. It is claimed that all
the property in Mnnnasse and Schiller's
Addition, lying south of Sherman's Addi
tion, Is also affected by the ruling, as a
similar deed was given In conveying that
property.
SAX DIEGO, July *10.— In the Superior
Court this afternoon Judge Torrance ren
dered a decision which will tend to cast a
cloud on the titles to a great portion of
the property in Sherman's Addition to the
city, as be holds that the deed transfer
ring the property from the city of San
Diego to Sherman was of no force and ef
fect. The reason for his ruling is that the
Trustees executed the deed not as officers
of the city, but in their private capacity.
There are seventy-two blocks of larul in
the addition, extending from Fourteenth
street to Twenty-fourth and from H to N
and if the ruling of the Judge is sustained*
the present holders of the property will
have to obtain another title from the city
or go without any. The ruling was made
in the case of Ida Fuller vs. Nellie Likens
an action to quiet title to several lots on
Sherman Heights.
The case was partially tried bv Judge
Torrance sitting in Department *2 in the
absence of Judge Hughes. In endeavoring
l ? i P^' e J? er A t L t , le the at tomey for the
plaintiff, \\ . A. Sloane. presented the deed
transferring the property in Sherman's Ad
dition from the city to Matthew Sherman
The deed was executed in 1867 and was
signed by J. S. Mannasse. E. W Morse
and Thomas II. Bush, who were Trustees
at that time. IX C. Collier represented the
defendant and objected to the admittance
of the deed on the ground that it was void
and did not convey any property.
He pointed out the fact that the deed
conveyed only "the interests of J. S Man
nasse, t. W. Morse and Thomas Bush
and their successors in office," nothing be
ing said about trustees, and that the deed
was signed by the three persons with
out any statement that they were acting
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Referee Stops the Fight and Prevents
GAITS DEFEATS GRIFFO.
a Knockout.
NEW YORK. July lO.-At the Seaside
Athletic Club to-night Joe M. Gans of
Baltimore was awarded the decision over
Albert Griffith, better known as "'Young
Griffo," of Australia. The referee stopped
the bout after the men had fought one
minute and thirty-eight seconds of the
eighth round, when Griffo was so far
gone that another punch from Gans would
have put him out. For a time Griffo
showed some of his oldtlme form and
tegan punching in clever style, but his
dissipation has told on him, and, although
h..' had trained faithfully for the light,
he had not the steam to stand the ne
gro's blows. Cans played a. waiting game
and when Griffo had fougrht himself out
found no difficulty in putting him into
such that the referee's action
was pleasing- to the crowd. There was
little betting and Gans was a 5 to 1 fa
vorite.
Splendid Showing.
O'BRIEN NOT A "HAS-BEEN."
Loses to Jack Eoot, but Makes a
CHICAGO. July 10-Jack Root, the un
defeated middlev.-eight of Chicago, at Tat
tersall's to-night obtained the decision
over Dick O'Brien of Lewi=ton, Me., at
tho end of the sixth round after one of
the fiercest battles ever witnessed In thia
city. O'Brien was in poor condition, or
probably the result would have been dif
ferent, as he had Root down for the count
three times in the second round., Root
rallied quickly and came up In pretty good
shape for the next round. O'Brien tried
hard to finish his youngf opponent, but In
his eajrerness to gain a knockout he left
himself open and was sent down for the
count just an the round ended.
This seemed to w«v»lten the N'ew Eng
lander and he was rather Fhoky in the.
fourth. He never faltered, however, but
kept "borinp in" for the borfy and bad
Root clinching to escape punishment near
ADMIRATION BEATEN".
Standing Negotiates a Mile and a
Sixteenth in 1:45 1-5.
JCEW YORK. July 10.— Standing's fast
run of a mile and a sixtponth and a hoad
.¦¦nrt-hfad llnish in the Kirst Attempt
(takes wore th«» features of the racing at
Brighton Beach to-d.^y. Standing, a thre?.
year-old chestnut colt, by Candlemas-The
Lioness, was a contestant in the first race,
which scratches reduced to three starters
—the Beet Admiration. Charer.tus and
Ftandir-g. The first named was a prohibi
tive favoriate at 1 to 4. while Standing
ar.d Charrntus were held at 6 to 1.
To a irood break Admiration and Cha
rentus rushed out to make the running.
necks apart, whil- Standing- was rating
alor.pr two length* behind. At the far turn
</h-!r<--ntus stopped under the killing- pace
and dropped lack. Admiration going on
nnd showing vhe way into the stretch.
When Ftrai^htcnf-d out. however. McCue
let Standing do a thin^ or two. lie quick
ly raced uj» to Admiration, passeu Ji*t
and. coxnlrg on. v.-on cleverly by a length
.'.nd D half in l:**i 1-5. He pulled up lame,
but cooled out nicely. Kerults:
One and a sixteenth miler— Standing won,
Adn iralion secend, Cfcarentus third. Tim",
l:ti 1-5.
Fcllinp. five furlone^— Patrla II -won. Pnark
e>oond, Princess Otillie third. Time. 1:0) 3-5.
Selling, one mile— Precursor won. Her Laily
rhip second. Bnis<i'j*-rie Third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
The FirFt Attempt stakes, five furlonps—
Water Color won, Outlar.tier second, Termless
third. Time. 1x0 4-1.
Ilurrtl". one mile and a half — Dr. Eichborg
won. Draughtsman peeond, Klondike third.
Time. 2-X>.
Six furlong— L»o<*svH!e won. His Royal
1-IighneFs second, third. Time.
133 1-C:
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— The feature of the
races at the Fair Grounds to-day was the
ridirii? of Jockey Crowfaunt. In th<? thirl
race LM.bie. v/hirh finished second to Bo.
hue, was disqualified for fouling Tom
Cromwell. Results:
One mile— Chickamcusa wen, Sldbow second,
7.:,7-V third. Time. 1:44'*.
Selling, six furlontrs— \V. J. Baker won. Cot
ton Plant neccnd. !.¦ k.-i third. Time. |:U^.
Felling, one mile and twenty yards— Bnhue
won, Tom Cromwell second. Jim Turner third.
Time. l:47»i.
Pellinp. seven furlonRf — Theory won, Macon
¦eron.J. LorJ Xeville third. Time. l:2S.
Selling. «=lx furlongs— W. B. Gates won, Ohnet
cecond. Kd L third. Time, 1:14V
Five furlong!— Srr>r|iolette v.-nn, Julletta B
second. Eva's Darling third. Time, 1:04.
MONTREAL., July 10.— "Weather perfect
at BoHaire; attendance large; track heavy.
Kcsults:
Six farlonrs — Nan<r Till won. George I^ebar
eecor.d. Winepress third. Time. 1:26.
Tour and a half furlonps— Reluctant won.
Toad Rainey pecond, Ida Quick third. Time,
l:"7Vs.
One m!Ie— Rosy Morn won. Jessie Jarbo sec
ond. Zanone third. Time. 1:57.
Five furloncs— Lady Edith won, Marcy »sc
cnd. Scotch IJramble third. Time, l:12'i.
Six furlonrs— M. Murphy won. Tortugas sec
ond. Glad Jlar.d third. Time. J:2GH-
the Orphans.
CORHECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS,
CHICAGO IN SECOND PLACE
liev? York's Errors Give tts Game to
dubs- W. L. Pet. I Clubs— TV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...4? 11 .667 Cincinnati ..SI 35 .tin
m-.irttxo 3« 20 .MSI St. Louis 29 34 .4«9
I'T'.i!a<2e!!>h:a.33 39 .f.S'liBorton 57 *» .4C3
Pittsburg ...35 Cl .ti r j New Ycrk...21 41 .333
CHICAGO. July 10.— New York'* errors and
Doheny'E •vrl'.dness (cave Chicago four of their
five runs to-day. New Tork ucored In the s»c
on<l on a trif.le ar.a a r.lngl* and again In the
*1xth r.v. a l.i», an out and a Ions? single to
Mt. McCarthy made four great catches. At
tendance, 1E00. Score:
Clcb?— K. H. E.
Chicago 5 6 ]
New York 2 6 2
Eat! rri^s— Griffith and Donahue; Doheny and
Bowerman. Umpire — O"Day.
PITTSni.TlG. July 10.— Brooklyn won. but not
by piod playing. In the first four innings Lee
v?r cave two bases on<balls and nine hltn.
while hl»> teum made two errors, but the vis
itors couid s'-ore only four runs. Cliesbro held
them riown to two hits In five lnninss. At
tenaani-e, 40C0. Score:
Cluts- R. 11. E.
PittM.urs 2 7 5
Brooklyn 4 11 1
Batt-r>* — L«*ever. Chesbro and Zlmmer; 212-
Glmilty and McCuire. Umpire — Hurst.
CINCINNATI. July 10.— Breitensteln had the
Phillll'-s at his mercy to-day. Orth was poorly
»-uf.por.ed and tit timely. Attendance. ISOu.
ecore:
cSnlt. ?• J \ *i
Philadelphia. 2 6 3
Batter!?*— Breltensteln and Pelts; Orth and
UcFarUr.d. L'repire— Terry.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— Jones ttu invincible to
day. He had the Heaneaters at his mercy.
I>ineon also pitched eood ball. Attendance.
02*. Bcore:
P , a »^. ?• «,¦ *
jJofton O 3 q
naucrief=-Jone« and Crlrer; Dlneen and
Clarke. Lirpire— Emslle.
American League Games.
CLEVELAND. July 10.— Cleveland 4. Mllwau
-¦ INDIANAPOLIS. July lO.-Indlanapolls 4,
Mir.npapolis 3.
DKTTCOIT. July 10.— Detroit 9. K*nt*m City 0
BUFFALO. July lO.-Buffalo 4. Xajcaco JL
Ten bouts before the San Francisco Ath
letic Club last night, a few of which did
not run the set limit of four rounds, net
ted the Sweeney fund just *21U. What the
crowd lacked in numbers it made up in
enthusiasm and all in all the evening's
entertainment was of a kind that satisfied
the tight-hungry audience.
The bouts improved as the weight of the
contestants increased. Down toward the
end of the programme where the welter
and the middle weights were placed, there
were some matciies which were ot the
whirlwind variety. The lucky ones earned
medals donated by members of the club
and presented with speeches that drew
cheers— and sometimes tears— from the
spectators. Among the speechmakers
was Congressman Julius Kahn, v.ho
tickled the tancy of his constituents by
some very apropos remarks.
The last tight of the evening. was the
best. Walter Moreno, longshoreman and
tyro at the pugilistic game, faced Joe
Long, hardened in a career of many bat
tles. An extra round was called by the
judges and Referee Greggains, but even
this did not sutlice to settle the result pos
itively. A draw was the decision and it
was a fair one.
Uecause William Mattheson. the pride
of the newsboys, a 140-pounder, lost the
decision to Jack Anderson, there will be
mourning on the corner of Powell and
Market streets for the next four weeks.
All the newsboy sporting fraternity
backed their fellow-friend heavily. Be
hind Mattheson was a bunch of them and
they wept bitter tears when Alex Greg
gains announced Anderson as the victor.
The light between Ed Cones and Pete
Fransen was a draw. Jack Hart found
Kid Parker of the 120-pound class very
easy and the medal which will shine from
Hart's breast tells a story of weariness
on Parker's part in the nrst round, when
the entire battle was fought and won. Al
Whitman went the same way to Hugh
iTiel. who also has a medal as evidence
of his punching powers. This bout
lasted two rounds. Krank Wall took Jim
Little s measure in four rounds, a decision
In his favor giving him something to weal
on his bosom. Three rounds were all
that were necessary for Fred Larsen to
put out Jim Waller.
The police stopped the bout between Gus
Salsbury and Harry Glassman in the third
round, just as the latter was about to nod.
Then came the welters and the middle
weights. Ld Tomalty and Dick Anelecy
Played a combination part of Graeco-
Roman, London prize ring and Marquis
of Queensberry, Anglecy being scratched
off the card In the third heat. H. Schil
ling, who Ib managed by Joe Kerr, didn't
prove Jhe wonder that was expected of
a A 10110113 t° ok a victory from him by
a decision.
Usual Good Sport With the Gloves.
Several Knockouts and Past
Fights Before an Appre
ciative Crowd.
Ten Bouts at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club Net
a Fair Sum.
AMATEUR BOXERS
MIX UP FOR THE
SWEENEY BENEFIT
the end of the round. O'Brien overbal
anced from a wild swing and Root knock
ed him through the ropes. He got back
before time was up and had a shade the
better of a fierce mix-up as tho round
ended.
In the fifth and sixth rounds Root got
his left hand working and smothered
O'Brien with jabs. O'Brien never let up,
however, but kept on the aggressive and
appeared to be willing to take anything
Root could send to get a chance for a
knockout. Toward the end of the round
Root went down from a hard swing. He
jumped up quickly, and had the better
of the remainder of the fight.
O'Brien's poor condition began to tell
in the last round nnd he showed up per
ceptibly weak. Root landed almost at
will with the left, while most of O'Brien's
blows were wild. O'Brien got a glimpse
of dreamland from a right jab just as the
contest ended. O'Brien was far from be
ing a whipped man, as his opponent was
in nearly as bad shape. ¦ Both men were
bleeding from a half-dozen different places
as Referee George Siler announced Root
the winner.
' The betting was 2 to 1 that Root would
sret the decision nnd even money that
Root would win with a knorkout. The
men met at catch weights. O'Drlen had
the best of the weights, but Ront the
ndvantage In height and reach. Tommy
Ryan, who meets Root here on July 24.
was at the ringside to see tile Bohemian
perform.
Tn tho prelirr.Irar'es "Rllly Rotchford. the
old fpath(»rweig-ht. jrot the decision over
Sammv Harris in six rounds. This was
Rotohforcl's first annearanre in the ring
since he 'was Icnocited out by Terry Mc-
Govern a year ago.
Dave Pfrry of Toronto defeated
"Young" Kenny of Chicago.
Stanford Wins.
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 10. — Stanford
won from Spokane to-day in the most
spirited bnll Frame, of the season. Eleven
innings were played. Stanford winning by
a score of 7 to 6. The visiting club will"
take an outing to-morrow at Coeur
d'Alene lake. The Spokane Athletic Club
has borne tho entire expense of bringing
the visitors from California anu gave
them a benefit game to-day.
British Riflemen Compete.
LONDON. July 10.— Magnificent weather
favored the national rifle competitors at
Bisley to-day, the match rifle experts
rga'.n having the programme to them
selves. The Bass competition was won
bj- Color Sergeant Hooten of Liverpool,
with a total of 135. No Canadian com
peted. The Hartford Memorial challenge
cup was won by Caldwell of the Ulster
Rifles.
English Golfer Beaten.
CHICAGO. July 10.— Harvey Vardon, the
English crack golfer, was unable to beat
Turpie and Hell to-day at the Midlothian
links. Although he tied Turpie In medal
play, he lost on holes, six down and live
to go for the thirty-six holes. The medal
play resulted: Yardon 1G9, Turpie lU'J, Hell
170.
The Week's Carnival at Del Monte in
August "Will Bo a Note
worthy One.
"When the gentlemen riders, polo play
ers, tennis experts, golf devotees and
yachtsmen gather at Del Monte next
month there will be a week of general
sport that will last long in the minds of
society. The programme of events has
been prepared and now all that remains
to be done is to wait patiently for the en
tries.
The racing card published last week
will stand almost in Its entirety. One
change that has been adopted is to have
the sixth race a quarter instead of live
eighths of a mile and open to all racing
ponies, the former restriction as to polo
ponies having been abolished.
The programme for the golf tournament
will be run off during the mornings of
August 13. 14 and 15. It Is as follows:
August 13 — I<adles* handicap for the Henry T.
Scott cup. Eighteen holes to be played to
qualify for handicap.
August 34— Ladies' final competition for the
Henry T. Scott cup. Eighteen holes, match
play.
Auetist 13 — Men's contest for the 1>»1 Monte
cup. Qualifying round of eighteen holes, medal
play. The sixteen lowest scores to be eligible
for final competition, August IS and 17.
Kighteen holes, match play. Final, thlrty-slx
holes.
The polo tournament will be fought out
in the afternoons of August 13, 14, 15 and
16. The two following afternoons will be
devoted to pony racing and steeplechas
ing. On the morning of the ISth a base
ball game between the Burlingame team
and the alumni of the universities will
vary the sport of turf and mallet.
But the sport will not be confined en
tirely to the first week. As a tapering off.
the golf and polo play will take place dur
ing the last week of the month. This will
probably be the most successful sport
carnival ever held at Del Monte.
BURLINGAME SPORTSMEN
PREPARE THE PROGRAMME
SCHOONER MAMIE ASHORE.
Strikes a Bock at the Mouth of Saa
Rafael Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 10.— Tho schooner
Mamie of San Francisco struck a rock at
the mouth of San Rafae! Creek early this
morning. The vessel was loaded with hay
consigned to Schlosser. a merchant of thla
city. Much of the cargo i3 damaged and
an effort is being made to save what is
worth rescuing by transferring It to th»
schooner Columbia.
It is not known how serious, the Mamla
is damaged. As s>oon as her cargo Is re
moved an effort will be made to float her.
The cause of the accident was the re
moval of certain stakes which have here
tofore marked the course of the channel.
The Mamie was commanded by Captain
Herman.
NEILL AND MOFFATT IN ACTION WHILE TRAINING.
HARD at It, hammer and tongs, are
Al Neill and Jack MofCatt. the
middleweight fighters who will try
and wreak vengeance Friday night
on one another's chins. Two more days
of hard work'and then a short rest, after
which they will enter the ring at Mechan
ics' Pavilion and contest for pugilistic su
premacy.
Moffatt is an earnest trainer and he
looks to be In fine condition. His eye Is
clear, his step springy and he courts hard
work. Round after round he boxed with
Jack Stelzner yesterday afternoon, show
ing neither fatigue nor desire to let up.
reputation would como from his mix-up
with the Californian.
Smash, bang, they went at one another
and it eoon became apparent to Neill that
this new man was out for real, red blood,
even though his fists were encased in pil
lows. The result of it all was that Mr.
Ford recelvd several successive jolts on
the chin and to (the ground he went. Con
stellations floated in panoramic effects be
fore his eyes. Neill says he was never
better and but for a slightly stiff right
arm he would call himself a fighter in
prime physical condition. For the matter
of that Moffatt sings the same song with
out the stiff arm. The betting is close to
even. 10-8 in favor of Moffatt being the
starter.
Al Xelll is also polishing off the rough
edges. In his workshop at the Terminal
he fights battles with "has beens" and
hopeful ones who look to the ring as the
means of obtaining future renown. On
Monday afternoon a big fellow who goes
by the name of Charley Ford went out
to the training quarters at the instance
of Muller, Neill's former sparring part
ner. Ford weighs about 190 and was
laboring under the Idea that a record and
Big Stelzner was puffing and blowing like
a winded horse when Moffatt finished
with him. There was no sign of weariness
about the Chicagoan.
Sallie Goodwin Gives the Talent a
Jar by Losing; the Six and a
Half Furlong Dash to
Homestake.
«
N'APA. July 10.— The second day of
Napa's race meeting brought out a large
auenda-nce. At times the betting was
brisk.
In the 2:25 pace seven horses started.
Cleo and Quern R were the best liked.
The tirst heat Queen K captured, but she
fell to fifth place in the next two, Cieo
winning. the second and third. An excit
ing finish in the fourth heat placed
Queen K first. Yellow Jacket second and
Cleo third. Kor the next heat Driver
! Clark of Cleo was withdrawn and she
I was turned over to "Walter Maben. What
I came iif-ar being a serious accident oc
curred near the nnish ot this dash. Y<?1-
I low Jacket led down the back stretch,
I with Irvington Boy struggling hard for
| first pla.ee. The former won, and the et
; fort proved too much for the Uoy. In
I coming around a lew hundred yards past
| the wire he staggered anil fell, hurling
[ his driver, \V. M. Cecil, pome distance.
Luckily Cecil escaped serious injury. A
surgeon bled the animal, and with some
assistance it walked oft" the track. The
sixth heat was won by Cleo, which gave
her the race.
The special 2:20 trot was easily won by
Juan Chico in three straight heats.
in the iirst running event Lady Helolse
was the favorite; and won. easily by sev-"
erftl lengths.
In the six and a half furlongs event
considerable money changed hands. Sailie
Goodwin was a warm favorite, but the
best she could do was to finish second to
Homestake. Following is the summary:
2:23 pace, rmrse $f.OC:
C. E. Clark's br. m. Cleo by Conifer
fCiark and Maben) S11S8 1
P. \V. Hodges' b. m. Queen R by Di
rect (Hodges) 165 14 8
S. H. Hoy's ch. c". Yellow Jacket
by Silver King (Hoy) 64 4 112
Nutwood Stock. Robert Bursress" b.
jr. Hob by Apmore (Hrown) 4 2 2 5 E
Time— I:15H. 2:19> 2 . 2:22Vs. 2:lSii. 2:20%. 2:25.
Special, 2:20 trot, nurse $400:
H. H. Helmann's h. c. Juan Chico by-
Hay Rum (Helmann) Ill
H. Erk»ntro?hire's br. m. Miss Barnabee
by HcKlnner (LKirfee) 3 22
S. Vi\ Lock?tt's p. m. Belle Patchen by
Otto Rrxwood 2 4 3
W. Hogeboom's b. m. Lady Me by Direct
(Hagebooa) 4 3 6
Venflome. br. s. bv Iran Alto (Bunch) 6 5 5
F. W. Williams' Grac>» McK 5 6 4
Tinie-S^i't, 2:2;. 2:24«4-
Running:, three-year-olds nn4 upward, five
anil a half furlongs, purse f 150 — Lady Helolse
win, Zurich second. Gurdora third. The Scott,
("ar.dle'.isht II. Christine and Fine Shot also
ran. Tiine— l:O9»4.
Four-year-olds and upward. RPllinc. Fix and
a half furlongs, purse tloO — Homestake won,
Faille Gncdwin second. Jack McCabe third.
Oarar.iio. Twinkle T'.vink. Kontenal. San Au
gustine. S^a Spray. Harry Gwynne, lyoma Alt
vvp«s and Manzanilla a!?o started. Time. 1:23.
Six Heats Necessary to De
cide the Two-Twenty-
Five Pace.
HARD-FOUGHT
RACE WON BY
CLEO AT NAPA
NEW YORK. July 10.— Two heavy
weight boxing matches between first-class
pugilists were arrunged to-day to take
p!ace before the repeal x>t the Horton fcox
ir.g law, which gees into effect the 1st of
Peptember. The first will be on August
:0, between Bob Fitr.slmmons and Gus
Ruhlin. who recently defeated Sharkey,
ar.d the second will be between Fitzsim
mons ar.d Tom Sharkey, on or about Aug
ust £3.
The articles of agreement for the Fitz-
Eirximons-Ruhlin bout call for a boxing
contest of twenty-Jive rounds, under Mar
quis of Quecnsberry rules, before the club
offering the best inducements, the winner
to receive 73 per cent and the loser "Z per
cer.t of the prize money. Bids for the
contest are left open for one week. Char
ley White Is named as the referee and
liiirry Brehrr iva? made the final stake
holder, with whim each side to-day de
j>rs;t;--d S2"-X> forfeit money. The articles,
which were signed by FitzPimmons for
himself and by Billy Madden for Ruhlin.
t. ho was not present during any part of
the conference to-day, are practically the
Fame as those which governed the last
liout in which Fitzsimmons and Jeffries
rr.et with respect to gloves, bandages, for
feits, etc. The draft was submitted to
Fitzsimmons. and was readily accepted by
Madden after the date was agreed upon.
Among those present when the agree
ment was being considered was Sharkey
and h!s manager. They had come to see
if a ruatch could not be arranged for
Phsrkey with Ruhlin or Fitzsimmons be
f<-ro th<* boxing law should become null
and vn;d. F";tzs=irr.moris quickly replied in
tie affirmative when Sharkey leaned to
v;ird h'.rn and asked Fitaadmmona if he
VTCttld give him <?har!:ey) a fight after the
contest with H-ahlin.
"Yes." replied Kitzsimm^n?. "I will fight
yru when 1 get through with Ruhlin."
Immediately after the FitzFimmons-
Ruhlin agreement had been sipriei similar
articles, making the date for the content
AvguFt £5. or some day between that and
August "1. were written out and signed by
Fitzsimmnns arid Bharfcey. The time fo'r
the bids for this contest wiM bo left open
until August 13. A referee was not named
The Leeway :n the time for the boat was
fo arranged that Fh^uld Fitzslmnvir.s in
c;:r any injury from Ruhlin he would have
t:rr.r in which to recover.
"Will Meet the Akron Giant August
August 25.
10 for a Twenty-Five Bound
Go and the Sailor on
Signs Articles to Fight
Both Ruhlin and
Sharkey.
FITZSIMMONS
MATCHED FOR
TWO CONTESTS
ST. PAUL., July 10.— The Great Northern
has given out to all of its agents not to
contract any freight for China destined to
the Interior points beyond Shanghai, Hong
kong and Canton, until conditions in that
empire have become more settled.
The Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific will feel, to some extent, the im
mediate effects of the Chinese anti-fore.gn
uprising. The trouble has already had a
tendency to disturb both «:ast and west
bound transpacific business. No Chinese
exports in the interior of the empire are
reaching the ccast cities destined for
the United States, and east-bound ships
must come with lighter cargoes in conse
quence. This means the two Pacific roads
leading into St. Paul will carry a reduced
quantity of Oriental imports, including
silks. With regard to silks, nearly every
boat up to date has brought as high as
four to six carloads of silks, valued at
from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000. Some of this
silk is, of course, from Japan, but much
of it is from China.
A railroad official said to-day that the
Great Northern might temporarily lose
its trans-Pacific connections in case the
Chinese war reached an acute stage, '...he
Nippon Yusen Kalsha Steamship Com
pany, which operates In connection with
the Great Northern, is a Japanese com
pany whose ships are subsidized by the
Japanese Government and can be confis
cated for service as army transports.
The Northern Pacific operates Its own
ships from China and Japan and would
not be subject to' the same difficulty.
However, if the war becomes general,
there will be little traffic moving between
the United States and China.
May Iiose Its Trans-Paciflc Connec
tions Through Confiscation of
the Vessels by Japan
for Transports.
Great Northern Will Accept
No Freight For In
terior China.
TRADE INJURED
BY DISTURBANCE
IN THE ORIENT
NEILL SCORES A KNOCKOUT
ON A BIG BURLY FIGHTER
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— A special to th«
Post-Dispatch from Glencoe. O. T., says:
One United States Marshal instantly
killed and three desperadoes mortally
wounded and captured 13 the record of &
fight on the Arkansas River, forty miles
cast of here, last night. _\ messenger from
the scene of tho tisl.t brought the news
here to-day.
In that locality there are a grreat many
Viands of cattle thieves who have terror
ized residents for some time by stealing
cattle and stock of ail kinds. Only a few
dn>s ago a farnu-r was killed while try
ing to protect his property.
Three desperadoes who were captured
last night had stolen a whole herd oj
c«tile from the reservation ar.d were talc
ins them to a raiircad station preparatory
tt> disposing of them, when three Mar
shals overtook them and the fight began.
The members cf both parties wer»
armed with Winchesters ar.d Colts. Ona
of the Marshals war. killed at the begin
ning of the fisht and the leader of tho
desperadoes wag next to fall.
Then the fis'it continued for nearly an
hour, when a second desperado was
wounded and the remaining one started
to run. but wns brought down. It is
thought that ncr.e of the outlaws will re
cover. If they do they will be taken to
the Federal Jail at Pawnee.
Trio of Cutthroats Brought Down
After a lively Fight and All
Will Succumb to Their
"Wounds.
United State3 Marshal Slain
and Three Desperadoes
Captured.
BATTLE WITH
CATTLE THIEVES
IN OKLAHOMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
BOY'S LONG FALL FROM
THIRD STORY WINDOW
BOY P*AI>LS FROM WINDOW
FORTY FEET TO STREET.
8
Citizens must register this year— 1900—
regardless of any former registration. •
GAFE Bllliggi
ic. Overcoats and
> allsca checked foe«.
£^5 CMICHE5TER'S CrJCLlBM
fjraoyAL Tills
\^ FAVORITE
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
Eos* Cures. feil;d Privits Baolc, Tiaa.
731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Practice. Consultation Fre;.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lifFBEpJMEN!
A Mcst Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigo?
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages cf a most r»mark-
able remedy are being mailetl to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suflerinK of lost manhood thac
the instltu:e has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. I:
Js a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resultintr from youthful folly, preraatura
loss of strength rnd memory, w«ak back,
varicocele or f maciation ol parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, piviris
and development Just where it Is need;d.
It cures al! the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of th* nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A rerriest to th»
State Me'liral Institute. 323 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
npes will be comniied with prornntly. Tna
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
]<>ave horn* to h* treated, and tha frea
sample will enable them to see how, easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakne?<? when
the proper remedies are employed. Tho
Institute mak°:! no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or puhllcity. Readers ar*
requested to write without delay.
jg'.i 1 ' 'S ' l^ I do not bclieTe there
M~S3ZX&ifrL s:a ' lndl^ st 'oa or
,^^^^^ any atomach tronbto
*c» 3&*J&. l^ a^ cannot be re-
ts? ,pn.j t2»£sy liered nt once nnd
W **Xj**c?*3y permanently cured
V , T*& «>? m y DYSPEPSIA
\ /**£*.£? CORE.
J^^^&V MUNTON'.
At all drujrjrists,
•w^^BjSiSS 1 !^ 23c - a T k»l« Guido
tj^^asSpSrgSfvto Health and medi-
1 Arch street, Phila.
Ltrgest K«d!cal Institute ard Most ExtenslvaBelieved to Ba Insane.
An entertainment was given on board
the steam schooner Luella Monday night
for the benefit of the Sweeney fund. It
was arranged for by Manager Morrlsey
of the Orpheum, and a projarramme of
musical numbers and dances was ren
dered. A collection taken among those
present netted $10 23 for the fund.
More Money for Sweeney Fund.
Broke Into a Room on SLxth. Street
and Are Booked on a Charge
of Burglary.
The room of Henry J. Croft, 51 Sixth
street, was entered Monday afternoon by
burglars who caried away j a suit of
clothes, an overcoat,. gold sleeve buttons,
a gripsack and other articles. The police
were notified and a few hours later De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea arrested Oliver
Patrick Denis and James Condron, in
whose possession the stolen articles were
found. Yesterday they arrested Daniel J.
Curley. who, they say, was also Impli
cated in the burglary.
The three men were booked at the City
Prison yesterday afternoon. They are no
torious characters. Denis was released
enly a few days ago from the County Jail
after serving a year on four charges of
petty larceny. Condron Is known as a
telephone box thief and was also recently
iclcased from jail. Curley was arrested
some time ago on a charge of robberv, but
"beat" the case in the Superior Court. ~ ]
QUICK CAPTURE OF
THREE JAILBIRDS
Bank of California Claims That Its
Franchise Has No Money
Value.
The Bank of California ha3 petitioned
the Board of Equalization to reduce the
assessment on its franchise from J730.000
tc $10,000. on the ground that the franclii-so
so assessed can be only for Ihe risht to
be a corporation; that the right to do a
banking business is the commoq ri>;ht of
every person or individual, and is not a
franchise: that the rnere right to ho a cor
poration has no money value, and that
previously the franchise of said corpora
tion was assessed for only JU.OOO.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company
also petitioned for a reduction In its as
sessment of $1,121,470. either to the sum of
r£«5.S7O or J4 ( 3.420, the difference represent
ing $72,4.->0 worth of shares of the Central
Gaslight Company"at $100 or $90 per share,
which are already assessed to the latter
corporation.
Tne Virginia and Gold H ; 1I Water Com
pany petitioned for a reduction on its
franchise as««e«-snient. which was fixed by
Assessor Dodge at 5250.000. The corpora
tion alleges in it3 petition that It owns
property In the State of Nevada and car
ries on the business of supplying n-ater
to persona la that State. All of Its busi
ness Is transacted in Nevada, where it
pays taxes upon all cf its property.
PETITIONS FILED FOR
ASSESSMENT REDUCTIONS
private school at Hcnlo Park who was
convicted * by Judge Fritz of raallcioaa
m.'5chief for scratching plare-gJass win
dows on Market and Kearny street**, ap
peared for sentence yesterday. The store
keepers were inclined to tw lenient with
the youth, who bears a good charact.r at
the achnol t and did not want to prosecute
him. The Judge thought he onsht to be
taught a lesson and fined him SX». wslcu
was at once paid.
Jostinaole Homicide
A verdict of Justifiable homicide waj
rendered yesterday by the Coroner's jury
in the inquest upon the bo^y of Lufjrl
Ferrari, the burctar who was shot and
killed last Saturday night by Alfred Hn
bert while engasect in breaking into th*
store of P. W. Tletjen on the corner or
East and Washinstoa streets.
Windo-or-Scratcher Fined $30
Luis Bracho. the young: Mexican at
gan yesterday with petty larceny for
stealing- an overcoat belonging to> I.
Wallenstein. one of the ijueats. and pa*jrn
ing it. Matthew?, who is IS years of age,
admitted hist guilt.
'"Were you ever a messenger boy?"
asked the Judge.
"Yes." replied Xlatthews.
"I thought so," said the JutTge. "That's
where you all get a start." Addressing
the boy's mother, who was In court, th»
Judge continued: "Yon might as well
send him to 9an Quentin ac once aa to
permit him to serve as a messenger."
The boy was ordered to appear for
sentence- this morning.
Judge Slogan Says He Believes tha
Institution Is a School for
Crtxn*.
Zib Matthews, a bellboy at the Hotel
Mirasiar. wa." charged before Ju.isa ilo-
JUDICIAL SLAP AT
MESSENGER SERVICE
yesterday with driving through the streets
with their wagons uncovered. The Judg<?
convicted them and ordered them to ap
pear for sentence this morning.
Steamship Companies Bonded.
The Oceanic and the Pacific Hall Steam
ship companies hav« been bonded to carry
appraised merchandise between San Fran
cisco and Honolulu.
Thsir Waeons Uncovered.
George Peraso and L. Deveneinzi. team
sters employed in hauling manure and
loam, were charged before Judge Slogan
Products cf California Will Be Well
Sepressnted at the Big Pan-
American Fair.
California will be well represented in her
natural, cultivated and manufactured
products at the Pan-American Exposition,
which will be held In Buffalo. X. Y.. from
Hay to November. 1301. F. A. Converse,
the superintendent of the exposition, has
written to the State Board of Trade ask
ing that body to assis: in makir.? the ex
hibit from the Golden West one of the
finest on the ground?. At a meeting of the
board yesterday the matter was discuase-l
favorably. Manager Dennison was direct
ed to correspond with the exposition peo
ple and learn how much space was to be
had and about the location for the ex
hibits from this State. ....
All of the directors spoke of the benefit
of making a big showing in Buffalo, be
cause the products of. \Cal!fomia will be
inspected by people from all of the South
and Central American countries, j While
many of the exhibits of the State Board
of Trade will be freshly jjrathereil^ still
many of thoff now in Paris at the World's
Fair" will be brought back by J. A. Filcher
and installed In Buffalo.
PREPARING FOR THE
BUFFALO EXPOSITION
Judges Bahrs Enjoins Southern Pacific
Combination From Restoring
Old Tariff.
A second judgment in the Fresno rate
case was handed down by Judge Bahrs
yesterday and a*?ain the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company has been enjoined
from making further attempt to restore
the old rate of S3 SO for a single flrst-class
fare between this city and Fresno By
the judgment handed down yesterdav the
Southern Pacific Company i? prohibited
from charcrin? any hijrher rate than $3 73
for the fare between the two cities. It Is
claimed that this judgment is final and
that the railroad must yield to the law.
As Attorney General Ford was absent
from the city at the time the judgment
was rendered his office and that of the
Railroad Commission were represented by
Deputy Attorney General William M. Ab
bott and F. H. Short of Fresno. In dis
cussing the judgment of Judge Bahrs,
counsel for the people said in substance
that it would be claimed by the railroad
company that immediately upon the fil
ing and entering of the decree the judg
ment would b<? stayed until such time a3
the Supreme Court finally passed upon
the question. In support of this propo
sition, the attorneys for the railroad com
pany would argue that the order of the
Railroad Commission was mandatory In
form, requiring the company to take af
firmative action, namely: To immediately
restore the old rate of $3 75 for one con
tinuous passage one way between the cit
ies of San Francisco and Fresno. This
was upon the well settled doctrine that
an appeal from a mandatory order stays
the execution upon the order.
It was claimed by Attorney General
Ford and Mr. Short in behalf cf the Rail
road Commission that the decree as
signed by Judge Bahrs was not manda
tory, but prohibitive in form, and only
prohibited yrhe violation of the order cf
the Railroad Commission compelling the
railroad company to restore the old rate
of S-175; that the order of th e Railroad
Commission was final and conclusive and
could not be appealed from, and therefore
an appeal from the decree entered by
Judce Bahrs could not operate to stay
the final and non-appealablo judgment o'
the Railroad Commission, even though
that non-appea!able judgment be manda
tory. i£££IS®gi
ANOTHER JUDG?/iENT IN
THE FRESNO RATE CASE
the best specimens of Rembrandt, Hob
bema Terbur*?. Ruysdael. Van Dyck.
Cuyp Steen and lletsu in the world are
to be seen here. In a few Instances the
examples are better than those to be found
in Holland. In other cases the representa
tion is inadequate, even misleading. Of tne
works by Rembrandt the "Good fcamar
itan " in the long gallery, showing two
m»n' earning the wounded traveler into a
wayside tavern, is -one of the most touch
ins biblical pictures ever painted and a
consummate example of thf> imaginative
mobility which made Rembrandt the most
sympathetic illustrator of the Scriptures
that ever lived. A picture by the s^m«?
maner which has a higrh reputation
among real amateurs of art Is the "Fi.
griras of Emmaua.'" in the same room,
representing Jesus seated at the supper
table about to biess the hr-»ad. and sutl
denly reeosrnSzed by his disciples.
ThV galleries of the Louvre constitute a
veritable V.'alhalla for deceased French
painters, for ir la a rule that no works
are admitted until the authors of them
hav» been dead at least ten year*. Th»
great names in the history of r rench
painting, from the days of Clouet and
Joan Cousin down to Corot and Millet, In
clude those of Poussin. l>e Seuer. I,e
Brun. Claude Lorraine. Risaud. Despor
te-= Watteau. Chardin. In*rre*. L>avid.
V'ragnnard, C.pricault. Greuze. Delacroix.
Decamps. Tryon. Rousseau. Courbet,
Daubis?ny, Dupre and the rest, and th*>
collection cf their works, nearly 10«)O
s=tronsr. in the jrreat museum forms a
gloripus testimony of thp Intellectual
vigor, imaginative power, taste and skill
of th" French nation. Naturally. In a
chapter of limited length. It ts not possi
ble to describe in detail even the more
notable of the individual works In a col
lection of such dimensions.
Th<» Lou\-re contains small but wpII
chosen -rroupa the pictures of the Her
man and Spanish ?choo!=. and a few
English works. Jlurtllo. Ribera and Vel
asquez ar? fairly represented. There is a
considerable number of Holbein's work',
comprising some of his best portraits. In
due time there will be American paintings
In the Louvre, too.
The chief stars of the collection of an
tique marbles in the Louvre are the cele
brated Venus of Melos. unearthed In the
island of Melos eighty years ago. one of
th<* most renowned statues In the world
and one of the most beautiful: the "Diana
Huntress" {"Diana a la Blche"); the
and still more recently a nor* radical
change haa occurred, when the Cailie
botte legacy, consis:ir.*r of the works of
the impressionist painters, was admitted
to the Luxembourg, and thus received thd
ofQciaJ seal of the Government approba
tion. The Caillebotte collection embraces
examples of the works of Edouard Manet,
Albert Besnard. Degas, Renoir. Monet.
Raffaelli, Sisley and others identified more
or less closely with the impressiinist
movement, ilanef s "Olympia'" la one of
the most admired pictures among this
group of innovators' canvases. It depict3
a fuil-length r.ude female figure sea:e*i
on a couch, with a black cat at h*»r feet:
and the vast admiration of painters and
students of pair.tinjr Is elicited; by the
bold and successful contrasts of the ten
tints with the white drapprlea an<! thd
vartou.4 stuffs. Besnard's "•Woman Warm
lnsr Herself is another nude- figure, of a
Rubensllke buxi;mctj3 an'! piumjness.
and this, too. is of marked teennieai
merit. The group of impressionists' pic
tures, on the whole, is not only of con
sid^rabl- interest for the skill and orig
inality it displays* hut adilr* much to ths
historical completeness of the coll*»ction
of modern paintings : for, whatever may
tw» our personal feeling 5 " concerning tha
esthetics of the movement, it must b©
reoo«?nized that it wKl have an impomnt
plac* in the history of painting in tha
nineteenth century'. Government man
agement of public museum.? i.=s instilled
by the liberality which offended many
conservatives wri«*n the Caillebotte Icsnry
wis accepted and placed in the srali^rif^.
Th»» admis'Mor! of American pictures t<>
thf> Luxernoourg dates from a relatively
recent period. The best examples of thes a
works may at some future time tw tak*n
into the Louvre. Among the American
pictures are Whistler's portrait of his
mother, his masterpi'-v-t?, a work of im
pressive simplicity, sincerity, sympathy
and subtilty. ¦whifh of Itself instantly arsdl
forever disposes of th«» theory of art for
art's sake; John S. Sarjr?n;'s celebrated:
dancer's figure of "Carnvencita." one of
hi*» most piquant, skillful and modern
canvas<?*»: "with sp^cim^ns of th» art nf
Ciari Melcher?*. Alexander Harrison. W.
T. Dannat and others. There are many
other foreigners, besld'"? th<» Americans,
represented In the Luxernboursj. including
Geori-rp F. Watta. the Enzlish symbolist:
Fritz Th.itilo^r. the Scandirtavian land
scaptst; Uhde, 7nm art<1 others.
Wil. HOWE DOWNES.
Rnsfnn \t*mm
Assistant United States Attorney Wood
worth said that all the evidence taken be
fore th'? commission was in the printed
bill, ami he could not see how the railroad
companies could "get around it, the case
was sn plain. We will prosecute it for
all it Is worth." he said. "The points of
law involved are of great importance, and
the trial will be regarded with interest
all over the United States."
The bill asks the Circuit Court for a de
cree restraining the defendants from
charging th** said unlawful rates; also
that the defendants may be made to pay
not exceeding tV-so for every day after the
day named in the decree that they shall
fail to obey the Injunction, and for such
other and further relief us may appear
to the court to be necessary.
The proceedings in the present caso
were inaugurated in 1S0O by A. J. Gustin.
a citizen of Nebraska, and the case haa
drazff<=d its slow length alon^ ever since.
In Iv5 the interstate Commerce Com
mission tried the case, and after a thor
ough investigation arrived at the conclu
sion which forms th° basis lor the pres
ent bill in equity. I>ast April the finish
ing touches were put upon the proceed
ings, and the i«u*> is now fairly before
the court, whose decision will authorita
tively settle all the disputed points. The
bill is printed and makes rather a bulky
parr.phl-n. the greater part of which con
sists of exhibits.
The bill states that on May, 1S35, in the
town of Kearney, Nebr., it appeared to
the satisfaction of the Interstate Com
merce Commission after a hearing of the
case that the defendants had violated the
act to regulate commerce in that they
charged the rate of 77 cents per V*s pounds
on sugar in carload lots for the haul from
San .Francisco and other Pacitic Coast
common points over their joint lines to
Kearney, jN>br.. while at the same time
charging the rate of So csnta per 1D0
pounds on susar in carload lots for the
i-.aul over the same lines from Kearney
to Omaha. Nebr.. and that the rate on.
such shipments to Kearney, which ex
ceeds by more than 15 cents per W) pounds
the rate contemporaneously charged to
Omaha, is relatively unjust and unlawful.
Pursuant to instructions received from
the Attorney General of the United States.
United States Attorney Coombs and As
sistant United States Attorney Marshal
B. Weodworth tiled yesterday a bill In
equity in the United States Circuit Court
in which the Interstate Commence Com
mission appears aa complainant and ihe
Southern PaciSc Company, the Union Pa
cific Railway Company and the Union
Pacific Raiiroad Company appeajr as de
fendants.
Nebraska Rate Issue Goes Into Court
After Tea Years of Delay and
Investigation by Au
thorities.
Suit Against Railroads Filed
by the Interstate
Commission.
SUGAR CASE IS
BROUGHT BEFORE
JUDGE MORROW
"lly presence here." said he, "is to ad
just the nevr machinery of our line. There
is practically a new system of ticketing
passengers and the handling of freight aa
to shipping point?. We find that there
pro many matters that must be arranged
in order to p<=t things into smooth running
order. Traffic on the northern section of
the line ir} this State is all that could be
expected, and in the southern division,
business is pood. We feel very much
pleased with our success in securing the
contract from the Navy Department for
carrying supplies, as it is a pretty piece
of business.
Mr. Byrne will remain here till the lat
ter part of the v.-erk.
sell slipped into town unannounced after
an absence of several weeks in connec
tion v. "tth the prtrsence of Mr. Byrne led
the railroad people on th«? line to believe
that there was "something doin* " with
tho Southern Pacific, but Mr. Byrne most
emphatically disclaimed any such mocive
in coming here.
There is extreme jubilation in the camp
of the Santa Fe people. The joy devel
oped yesterday and was the result of a.
brief dispatch from Washington, D. C,
announcing a victory over the Southern
Pacific Company in connection with the
transportation of the supplies for the
Cnited States navy from Kastern ship
ping points to San Francisco. To the
casual observer this would appear to be
of no great consequence to the successful
bidder, but the quantity of freight
brought overland to this port and destined,
for the navy hero and elsewhere in Pacific
waters aggregates from 10,000 to 12.0X) tons
per month. Approximately this amounts
to 15O,(»i tons per year, requiring an im
mense carrying capacity to handle it.
When the question of pounds is consid
ered the total runs into Mgurts that can
not be properly realized. *
General Passenger Asrent John J. Byrae>
of the Santa Fe arrived in the city yes
terday and is stopping at the Palace. The
fact that Assistant Traffic Manager Bia-
Amounts to 12,000 Tons Per Month.
General Passenger Agent Byrne
Talks of the Eailroad's
Business.
Secures Government Con
tract to Transport the
Naval Supplies.
SANTA FE WINS
A VICTORY OVER
ITS BIG RIVAL
Captain L. Hintze, U. S. X., was on his
way home from Japan whan the news of
the outbreak in China reached Washing
ton. His leave is now over, and he is on
his way back to Naga^a-ki to rejoin hla
ship.
All the naval officers will report to
Admiral Kemey on their arrival at Hong
kong for duty with the Asiatic squadron.
Rear Admiral Beardalee is on the retired
list, but is making a trip to the Orient
for pleasure.
Natal Constructor T. F. Ruhm will suc
ceed Lieutenant Hobson at the Cavlte
station. Fing Shoakee Is from the Chi
nese legation at Washington and is on
his way home, his terra of office having
expired.
For Yokohama-Mrs. E. S. Alfred, Mrs. C. E.
Alfred. Rev. 3. O. Cleveland, Mrs. J. G. Cleve
land, three children and infant. A. Dutilleul.
Mrs. X. J. Fowler, K-=rao. X. InuiJka.
T. Nose. I. A. Van Osten, Mrs. I. A. Van Osten
and A. Witzig:.
Nagasaki— Carlain L. Hintze.
Shanghai— Miss Mary K. Woods.
Hongkong- Xava! Cadet R. A. Abernathy.
Xaval <"ad<?t C. L. Arnold. Sursreon A. R. Al
fred. Rp^r Admiral L. A. Beardslee, Mr?. U
A. Eearnsl^e, Mr*. J. II Burrousha, EnsUn J.
F. Bahcock, Lieutenant C. B. Brittain. Lieu
tenant W. H. O. Bullard, Naval Ca-iet F. D.
a.nt K. K. Crank, Lieutenant* Commander J. C.
Colweil, Ensign W. P. Cronan, Naval Cadet
J. H. Comfort, Naval Cadet H. Ellis, Naval
Cadet C. S. Fr<wtr.an. Lieutenant Commander
J. C Fremont. Comirjodon? C T. Fors*. Lieu
tenant Commander R- H. Gait. Lieutenant W.
A. Gill, Coramodcre Perry Garst, Lieutenant
H. M. P. Hu«=e. Lieutenant R. P. Hasbroucfc.
Lieutenant Commodore W. F. Hai«ey, Naval
Cadet J. F. H«*Ilwig. Ensign E». C. Hanrahan.
Naval Cadet W. N. JefTers. Mrs. T. T. Jack
son. Lieutenant J. J. Knapp, A. S. Mihaxa,
Navaj Cadet R. T. M>r.n<?r, Crmmoilor*? J. S.
Ojrd'-n. Lieutenant II. B. Price, Lieutenant T.
W, Ityan Naval Constructor T. F. Ruhm, Mrs
II. Rolrl^uez. ilrs. II. C. Ray?or. J. .T. Shute.
Fir.j? Shoakee, Naval Cadet O. W. Steele, Lieu
tenant C. S. S;aaworth. Xaval Caflft C. R.
Train. Naval CaJit U". V. Tomb. L'eutenam R.
H. TcwnleT. J- S. Ve.n Burtn, Naval Cadet
L. E. Wright and Naval Cadet S. **TooJn*.
Rear Admiral Beardslee and many naval
officers for the seat of trouble in China
were booked for Hongkon?. The com
plete passenger list is as follows:
The Toyo Risen Kaisha's Nippon Maru
was to have sailed for the Orient yester
day at 1 p. rn., but owing' to an accident
to her machinery she was delayed until
9:15 p. m.
The main steam tube was strained dur
ing the "'warming up" of the engines, and
steam had to shut off. The pipe was sent
to the Union Iron Works, where it had
to be brazed and then submitted to a
hydraulic test. Luckily the test was
satisfactory, or else the Nippon ilaru
would have remained in port until a new
brass pipe had been made. It will be
remembered that the transport Grant lay
for days at anchor waiting for a new
steam pipe, which met a similar fate to
the one on the Nippon Maru.
Steamer Nippon Maru With Eei
Strained Steam Tube Eepaired |
Finally Sails Away for
th.e Orient.
Will Report to Admiral
Remey for Duty With
Asiatic Squadron.
HAHV OFFICERS
OF NAVY LEAVE
FOR HONGKONG
HT THE grand council of the Young
Ladles' Institute, at Loyola Hall
II — 'A yesterday, the greater part of the
morning and afternoon sessions
was given over to the amendment of the
constitution. There was a lar^e attend
ance of delegates present. The reports of
the grand president and grand secretary
were read, and showed that the institute
is in a flourishing condition and constant
ly increasing- in membership. Grand Pres
ident 2Jr«. Xoyle described her visit to
the various institutes throughout the
State, and also to those in Montana, stnd
Nevada.
Ml?s Rose McCaffrey was appointed as
sistant grand marshal. By a resolution
Mrs. Annie Sweeney and Mrs. Mary Rich-
ards were elected permanent active mem
bers of the Grand Institute.
Telegrams of congratulation were re
ceived from the Young Men's Institute
and Mrs. McDonald of Merced, Young
Ladies' Institute Nr>. 47.
In between session hours all the gossip
of the council centers around the election,
which will r-o held to-morrow. Misj A.
M.. Pottoff. No. 2. is the candidate for
grranri prpsidont. Hiss Mary Stein. No. 7.
and Mrs. A. Sweeney, No. 1, are rivals for
the office of grand first vice president.
Miss J. F. Molloy, No. 2. and Miss Ella
Cummlnp?. No. 3. are candidates for the
o(3re of erran<l secretary. Miss A. Hefsen,
No. "47. Butte. is nn the ticket for grand
second vice president. Mrs. K. V. Doyle.
No. 24, East Oakland, is the candidate for
grand marshal.
The following named ladies wil strive
to be elected members: of the board of
trustees: Mtssi Mae McCarthy. No. 24;
Misa M. Sullivan. No. 32: Miss llollie
Mclrnerny, No. 47; Mrs Driscoll, No 1;
Miss M. Donovan, No. 2: Mrs. M. Nagle,
No. 47, and Miss Pottoff, No. 2.
The following named visitors from the
various Institutes were noted present:
Mis=s A. Hartman, Livermore No. 44; Mis3
Flaherty. San Francisco Xo 1: Anne Gill. No.
?.: Mrs. Maguire, So. 3: Mrs. 3. Fi><arty, No.
7; Belle Q. Boyle, No. 3: Marpuret K*!ley, No.
2: Mrs. D. Sullivan. No. 1; Com L. Fisfce. No.
1: -Mrs. Mary Peacock. Xo 1: Mrs. S. Flaherty.
No. 1: Mary Mullenney. Xo. IT, and Mrs. Delia
Cunan.
Last evening there was a grand re
union at Loyola Hall of all the branches
of the institute from the city of Oakland.
Ladies Who Wish to Be Elected To-Morrow as Officers of
the Y. L I.— Reports Show Organization Is in
a Flourishing Condition.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton
f=-A/riOUS MRT GALLERIES OF THE WORLD
IT.
The Louvre possesses no less than thir
teen of Raphael's pictures. Of these works
the most celebrated is "La Beile Jardi
niere." which, however, does cot belong to
the artist's best period. The Virgin, seat
ed before a landscape background, watches
the infant Jesus, who stands by her side,
leaning- against her knee. At the right
kneels the child St. John, holding a cross.
The figures are about two-thirds life-size.
The other works by the great Italian
artist are: "The Virgin cf the Veil." "The
Holy Family, with St. Elizabeth and St.
John" (known in the catalogue as "La
Grande Sainte Famille de Francois I">.
another "Holy Family," "St. John the
Baptist in the wilderness." "St. Marga
ret," "St. Michael." "St. George and the
Dragon." "St. Michael Overcoming the
Demon" and four portraits, viz.. the por
trait of Balthasar Castiglior.e. the portrait
cf a young man. the portrait of Jeanne
d'Aragon, wife cf Prince Ascanio Colonna.
constable of the kingdom of Naples, and
the portraits of two men. The portrait of
a young man was for many years thought
to be the likness of Raphael himself. It
depicts a somewhat effeminate type of
character, life sizo. bust length, with long
hair and a black cap.
Of the "eighteen pictures by Titian there
will be occasion to allude to two or three
as of special excellence. First comes the
immortal picturo of. "The Entombment of
Christ," which is regarded by artists and
connoisseurs as one of the greatest paint-
Ings In the world. The body of the Christ,
wrapped in a shroud, is borne by Joseph
of Arimathea. Nicodamus and St. John. At
the left the Magdalen supports the Virgin
Mary. The figures are life size. Of the
other examples of Titian mention may be
made of the splendid "Jupiter and An
tiope" and of the portraits. Titian is com
ing to be ever more highly esteemed as a
psychological portrait painter.
Two famous works by Ccrreggto hang
in the square hall. They are "The Mysti
cal Marriage of St. Catharine" and "An
tiope." Of ,the other celebrated Italian
pictures In the same room let us cite Gior
gione's "Concert Champetrc." Ghir'.anda
jo's "Visitation," Lotai a "Salome." Tin
toretto's "Susannah," Solario's "Virgin of
the Cushion." etc.
The Dutch and Flemish schools ar«» very
v/ell reDresented In the Louvre. Some cf
"Fi?htin:r Gladiators." and the far-faired
"Victory" of Sanioihraee. Af:er these
may be mentioned the line Roman figure
known as "Polymnia." a draped "Venus"
attributed to Praxiteles, a "-Venn,* G«?ne
trix." the '"Venus" of Arl^?. th» "Venus"
of Troa_o. the "Pallas" of Velletri. a col.i*
sal "'Melpomene." a colossal lisure of the
"River Tib^r." UM "B<>n?h!Me Hermaphro
dite," a "Wounded Warrior." .a ""Disco
bolus." a "Centaur." a statue of "Jason"
and a large number of Gre«*k and Roman
Soda and goddesses and muncane heroes.
Amonsr the numerous fine fca?-rellef> is
one of the original metopes which orna
mented the exterior of the Parthenon.
The museum of the Luxembourg, built
1S1S-20 and enlarged in 1S04, ha3 been suc
cessively a royal residence, a prison ari'l
a senate house, and it ta now the leadincj
national museum of m^em art. in whlcli
are stored ard exhibited the works of liv
ing painters and sculptors. The Frencfi
ministry of the fine arts buys each year
a certain number of works of art. rnor<»
especially statuary and fixtures, the mopt
important of which ar«? at first placed in
tbe Luxembourg. Eventually these work*
are distributed among the provincial
museums in the various cities and town'.
or. In the cases of especially valuable an<1
meritorious works, they may. ten years
after the death of their authors, be trans
ferred to the Louvre for permanent ex
hibition, thus constituting, in a way. th»
apotheosis of the fortunate artists.
The collections in the Luxembourg ar-»
of rive classes, viz: 1. Paintings. 2.
Sculptures. 3. Drawinsr**. 4. Engravings.
3. Lithoerraphs. The mq3t Interesting of
the collections usually i? that of sculp
tures. !n which the modern French school
is pre-eminent. The French occupy a po
sition of entire isolation in this depart
ment of art. and up to the present tim*
they have had no rivals. Th* works of
Chanu. Duboin. Rude. Barye. Fremiet.
Jouffroy. Falsuiere. Barriaa. Carp«?aux
and Duret have passed throusrh the Lux
embourg stage of their progress or ar»
still serving there their apprenticeship,
preliminary to their final graduation ami
promotion into the Louvre. Outside of
th<* Luxembourg, also, in the adjacent
jnrde-n. are to be found the beautiful
"Fountain of the Medicis" by De Brr<*3.».
and a s:reat number of statues by Ger
rat:d, I>?malre, llaindron. Cain. Du Seig
neur. Htsson, Petitot and Caill*.
In th° picture palleries a s"r<»at charsje
took place about twenty-flv>» years a*?i">.
wh»n the work.? of Ingres. D-?lacmix ar.ii
AMENDMENTS ARE MADE TO
INSTITUTE CONSTITUTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JULY 11, 1900.
"W. R. Potter was arrested at the Bank
of California yesterday morning and
taken to the Insane ward of the Receiv
ing Hospital. He insisted that he had an
account at the bank, and he could not be
persuaded otherwise. He lives at 1344
Park street, Alarneda.
9
SECTIOX OF THE L.OITVRE GALLERIES. -
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE LOUVRE AND LUXEMBOURG GALLERIES.
PROillJTENT WOBKEHS IN THE INSTITUTE GB.AND COTJNCTL.
\M. X. HESS.
K0TAR7 FTJ2Z.Z3 AiTJ ATToES£r-AT-i.\-^
Teisti Floor. Rocra 1015. Claua SpreckeU BU;.
Telephone Brown S2L >
Resideree. Kl CaUIorala aU. below PaweiL
E*n Francisco.
P^VVVVVN-VyWWyVVVVVVVV'
"Sf INJECTION.
PERMANENT CURE
ic*t obstiriate eases of Gcnorrhcra.
set, cnarantecd in froo 3 to 6 '
:o ether trestci«Et required.
Sold by all drugjrUt*. '.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
rnodeled aad reao\-ated. KING. WARD ic
CO European plan. Itooms. ZQc to Jl 50 day:
$; to SS week; JS to $20 rannth. Free tatr.s; hot
and co:<d water every room; fire grate* la every
rooss; elevator rc=* all night. / —
OF ALL THE HO IT'S PLATS-
A CONTENTED
WOMAN !
Prese-ted bx
DUNKE AND RTLEY'S
ALLi - STAR CAST
V>.zh ilXSS NOR1IA WHALLET la the Title
P-oJ«.
»xt S-isdey Sif ht SH03T TEE CHUTES vita
MATTHEWS A.VD BtTLGER
:- the Eiir P.eviral cf TT-ieir Polite Funny PIa.y
at gay ooxey islaxi>."
this is the thip.d and last week
C; the Hsirrnous Operatic Success
THE GEISHA
E-*=:=t» at S. Matiae* Eaturday at 1
Next Week— Revival of WANG
MONDAY. July O. Gala Oper.ir.jr of th»
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Watch the Paper* fcr Ft:".! Particulars.
POPULAR TRICES— So ajid »5c
T»Iephoae— Bush 9.
UXTISEZ TO-DAT. WEDN'E?DAY. JI'LY 1L
Farquet. "So. Any Seat; Ealccny, 10c; ChU-
1 RARE bTlLJF NOVELTIES !
SMITH A Ft"LLKR: BARRERE & JTTLES:
STELLA 1IAVHEW: CLINTON "WHITE
AND MARIE BTCAET. Assisted by MISS
EVA RAN"->">LPH: QUAKER CITY QUAR-
TET: TODD-JCTX3E FAMILY; AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH and
FARE-WELL -WEEK OF
THE FOUR COHANS
"" FHOXE MAIX B32.J
Vii:« Karacs Sol* Lesse* tad Ma=a.ser
ANOTHER SPLENDID SUCCESS
BT THE
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
ONLY THIS WEEK.
THE DANCING GIRL
N*xt WMk- A-irsrt'.n Daly's Greatest
Success.
'•THE GREAT RCB T."
Frlces — "5c £l>". JSc, 15c
Eat-jrtJay Mati-e*— EOc, Sc. 13c 19c.
Erar.ch Ticket Offlce. Eteportnm.
Cfcf.dr»n in Arms Not Admitted.
matineEHto-day.
~"'.> VTTLT.K— Et-ery Klrht fETc*rt Sunday).
SfATXKEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDa'T.
a-AELES FKOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
And
A SPECIAL COMPANY
Zn rt« CU-susf Conietfy cf ilannerfi.
"A Marriage of Convenience"
Adapted Frcm tie French by Sydney Gruniiy.
N»xt V."e^k Last Tear 1 * Great Success
••THE LIARS."
3-ly Z3— Fir« Burtca Holiaes I>rr-ar» Matinee, j
AffSi&fm
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK!
A NOTABLE REVIVAL.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,;
Bnvperttd ty WHITE WHITTLE^EY ia a !
Sri^-Q'-id Pr<xluctica
P AMTT T V]
ONLY MATINEE SATCP.DAY.
Kext iwk- "PTGOMAB.-
OLYMFIA WsZStik
THE ONLY FIIEK VaTT'EVILLE SHOW IN"
TliE CITV.
FOR LIMITED PERIOD,
Professor Gonradi's
LIVING STflTUABY
IZxart R» > pro^*3Tti'>T-.s r*f tbe TT^rk? cf Art Now i
en Exhibitica at the
PARIS EXPOSITION.
j^vr> or-R rKLECRATEP ?TO*."K COMPA.V7. j
AMATEUR NIGHT ETETtT FIUI>AT.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
ADMI£?IOX FREE. j
Chutes AND_zoo. E s7E^sr !
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.!
WALLACE, TBE jj?t A51A3LE LiON.
To-Morrow Night, The Amateurs.
Cakewalk, Friday Night, j
Order Seiits by Phone, Park 3.
•TTCrWF'R'^ CONCERT HOUSE. !
rlOC/HHn O Admission IOc.
Third Act cf "MARTHA," in Eni-flish. DEETS j
*A& DON. BABY DOLLIVEK, ISABELLE :
INT'TRWOOD and New Moving Picture* !
by EDISON 1 S PROJECTQSCOPE. j
SUTRO BATHS
CrEK NIGHTS.
Oper- Dailr Frrn 7 a. m. to 11 p. EL
Bathinar From 7 «. m. to 1J r- ni-
ADMIS.-'IOX I>>c. CHtLDREX. 5c
•RathSE* Inclmlirs- Ad-ntri-ir.s. 15c: ChHJr-en "Oe.
' —^ '•^ "—^
DR. WONG WOO. P^
<~hl=e£< Tea an(J Kerb Sani- I _,^y
t&ririsi. T64-TC5 «.^ay st.. Kaa Kp 5
FrxncHCB Cal. All diseases mni TL»< 7
».\UuE-.vely by Chines* herbs. tyi"
AJv:re :re«. Horn. S to 11 a. > <feK^-v^
It I. 7 to » p. = rT5*i"j.*v5^'
E«a Frer.ciscr.. January Z. 1203 %*jfc^;. i\V \
I bad 3. very serious attack of " »•*•*-*'¦•'
esssssepdoa end my feet wpre ;a -^Z?-^- 1 tbit I
It na with difScuity I coaia walk. The <ioct7rs |
ta the hcroitals <rot;M net give tne any re.le. j
'or r. 4 re weeks. I was r^rsuaded to eo to tn-> j
m»IUkaewa Oilceie Doctor. Wees "Woo. aa4 j
ir. tfart-t mos'Ju I was corr.pieteljr rared ana !n |
perfect iieaHh. hartnc snised 15 pounas in t
»t-:i".:t.. I tare rrtucij pleasure In re-;o=3n-.ead-
¦.rg ;srr tn any one suffer* =ff 'a any way what- '
ever. JAKOB HAUCM, 1Z\, Freelon «t.. city.
»»^^J*^^Slfc*«« B ' r * "Hi nea -pels: rxif^
,,Vr^fj^* - *%fc s S(S rctaeiy tor ticccrrl.o*. t
/i^jrCVIl^a^m O—l» Sp^r-aatorrboe*, !
eSlifiz. ! ts i <4Ttt^J5 VVUtea, loaitaril 45«-
cJilS os*fmc«Ki jg ftare?«, or eay iaflt-n-a*'
f^LmJf --t to itrte.j"<s. t > •;, . irrtr»tion cr werv
i v — i!"-e-ea s«:«TJt. t.ca cf B9COSI EK3k-
PJfcVaEEyrW CoOrrti Cq br*a««- Mao-tMtilnsfjcJ.
VSS&t c - A yy£ ¦' •<¦-* i"» pU-ia -Trar-:*?.
it.'X. or 3 bet-lea, tZ.7Z.
Weak Men and Women!
bilOULI) C?E DAHIANA niTTETiS. THE
»* j^r»at Mexican remedy; sites health and !
t:.cr.*ui ta *CiU.ai crgans. Dcptt, ZZi Markrt. i
vis;* OR JORDAN'S QREATi
OF aMaTCFi? 1 /?
\ Eg The Lir^n: Airtomicil Ma«seum in tie \
W _ljr' -¦ W"or.-t e-, or ny contracted m
J. EjSM dacaie pc5lt!«rljcmr»«l>jtkcoWrkt Y
9 t iTC \i~ i *»p**f«iiv ca tin. Com. Hsr.36 7care~ •*?
£ JggA CS. J0R2XH-?El¥a?E CISiASSS <*
v •SJjf^J', Cea-oitoticn ftw tsd rtr>tiy privste, \
J J Xt^ *J Tn i meiit peri. . -: v <-r h. i-rrcr. A K
TH y if *—Jr— Cmr%iu every <znc uzCtrtak en. \
O ? 4 ll«« w r-.»fcTl>^k.r-Bf*LO«»i»I»«-|"^»X J
V ¦ if iY 11 * 3CA.*nRC.%CI.. MAOUM 7HES. f.l?
£ (i 'J »W3abie bcot tct am) \
f f>n. JOBDA5 «fc CO.. 135! 2IarfeetSt..S. P. £
J. D. ALLAN, Cor. 2d and Brairac.
For Sale at a Bargain
ElrtraTit house cT S rocrns. bath and h is«-
mest, hot ar.d c*:!d water throushout. Southern
expesure. S<tven mlnates Irara station; *!>vated
trite cvE-rlookis5 tc* 1 town. Six aer<"3. 3 la pas-
ture. S in crchard. 1 about hcuse; barn ami C»n
houses: all fenced. Excellent water etjpj'y.
Cc«t ctrr.er 110.000. but compelled tj remove
Ea«t, hence wi!l se!l at sacrifice. Investlsat*
aTid rr.aVe crcr. App'.y to owner.
BELMONT HOME
Travelers from every portion of the
g'ebe shew their appreciation of th»
ectnferts and luxuries to b« obtained
i" these hotels fcy making them their
head<3::arters when visiting cUui
Connected fcy a covered passageway
and operated under one manaxe-
rnert en the America:", ami Eurcjeaa
rians.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
f\VriXG TO THE FAVORABLE CRITICISM
and cirr Inquiries received by us from
the Medical Profession and others interested
regarding our statement that the so-called
Weakness cf ll»n is not a Weakness, but symp-
toms o' i-iSararcaticn of the Prostate Gland
fneck of bladder), caused by contracted dis-
orders aad eariy dissipation, and that loss of
Vitality, Prematureness, etc.. are iavariabiy
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this inSamtr.ation. we wish to state to these
many inquiries, ia the columns cf the press,
that it takes arprcxiiriately ten weeks to curs
these d:scrder» cf the male. The treatment is
entirely a local cne, as no drugging the stcrn-
ach • if tec<»s?ary. and that the patient may
treat himself at hctr.«. under our directions. We
will che€rfuli5 - explain the plan of treatment to
any reliable Physician on request. The col-
cred chart ef the crg-ans, which we send free
on application to any cne interested In the sub-
ject, will he found a j-xeat advantage in "Home
Diagnosis." as well as a study for all interest-
ed in their anatomy. Very Respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO..
55T Market street.
ANNOUNCEMENT!
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVSETISEMESTS.
Voters: Register at once and avoid the
rush. Office open evenings July 9 to 23. •
-13 /^|it#vL^k
CREDIT TO EVERYBODY.
A GENTLE HINT
TO
Furniture and Carpet Bayers:
IHSPECTJUR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenl-j-rs. Near PcwslL
FREE DELIVERY WITHIX 100 MILES. 1
DR. PIERCE'S 35lli^~ Guarant'-ed
ELECTRIC to t* ta-
BELT. / 1 \ BEST."
W« hare belts as low as J.". nne as others
s^'.l at much higher prices, but they are not
•"DFw PIER-TE"?.' ir you want the REST, a
N'k that ¦wtll care without rr:p<1!<"in-?. won't
fall to ri'* % es in a short tlm». aM which may
he had at a mod^rat*; rrlce. you must have
"DR. PIEECE'S."
Call cr s«n<1 a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
SCO. 2." Address:
PIEPXE ELECTRIC CO.,
«KW> Market Stroot. Faji Franci.«cr).
Or 1145 BraUhrxy. New York Oty.Peaches are also weaker under larger stocks.
Plums and Pears are quiet and the tendency
In prices is downward.
Grapes and Melons are still slow In coming
in and arrivals are slender. Klgs are rather
firmer. There is very little call for Nectarines.
Apples are now about as firm as anything,
and shipping descriptions are in brisk demand
at cood prices.
Limes are firm at the advance, with light
stocks probable for some days ahead. Lemons
continue dull and weak. Oranges are In good
supply and slow of sale.
Currants are doins better, but other berries
are quiet and cheap.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—25'55'»c per box and crate; In
baskets, 20iJ30c and $7 50017 £0 per ton to th«
canners.
APPLES — 3oCS10c per basket and 33cSlt for
large boxes; Gravensteins, 73C&J1 23; Crabap
ples, 40<5o0c per box.
PEARS— VAl'tSc per box: Bartletts, SO'gSOc.
PLUMS — 2Oif33e per box and crate and 20<li30e
per basket; In bulk. SlOT? 1.1 per ton: Prunes,
3o@."0c per crate and 20935c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— J2 50iJI3 50 per chest for
large and J2fi< for small berries.
RASPBERRIES- J3fi3 per chest.
HLACKBERRIES- $2f?4 per chest.
LOGAN HKRKIKS— i«t?7 per chest.
CURRANTS— Jl CC&4 per chest.
HUCKLEBEKRIES-6«Sc per R» for single
and 60^S.'ic for double layers.
FIGS— Per box. J5«40c.
NECTARINES— White. «M?6oc per box; red.
50(0 SJC.
PEACHES— 30<?40e per box and loH7J)c per
basket for common and 3(Mjr>0c per bnx and
SOQISOe per basket for Crawfords; in bulk, Jlj^S
20 per ton.
GRAPES — Seedless, from Arizona. Tl 50"?l 73
per crate; Fontainebleau, from Vacaville. 50c
<g$l.
MELONS— Nutmess. 7T.cf>Jl 73 per case and
crate: Cantaloupes. 7Sc«?$l 75 per case and
?1*i3 for large crates. Watermelons, — .
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 50cfiJl 50; St.
Michaels, Sl<fi2; Valenclas. Jl 50®2; Lemons, fl
(Til 50 for common and J2W3 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. S4 50<£/".: Bananas. 73<"2J2 ZO
per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50<33 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Drying of Peaches has commerced, but there
Is nothing said about quotations as yet. Aprl
cots are steady and are selling off at the old
quotations without excitement. Prunes, as al
ready mentioned, are practically cleaned up
and very firm at the fractional advance noted
at the close of last week.
There is a fair demand for Honey. Tho
Southern California crop is only about 23 per
cent of the average.
Nuts and Raisins exhibit no new features.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks.
4H@4Hc for tO-30's, 3*i 1 ff4c for 50-60's. V±<fiZ\c
for 60-70* s. 3'.;t?3'4c for 70-RO's. 333^c fcr S0-S7g
and 2%03c for 9O-lC0's; .Peaches. 4«iW4 3 ic for
Standards, 5c for choice and 5' 2 -aCc for fancy;
Peeled Peaches. 10f?l2Vjc; Evaporated Apples.
5^.igfic; sun-dried. 3'u'4c per lb; Pears. 3^^4'ic
for dark and 7Q^c for bright halves: Black
Figs. l»i*?2c; White Figs. 2^3c: Bleached
Plums. 7Vjc: Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and 14c f-'.r unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. W*ViC per lt>.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
n\ 10c: choice, 9c: standard, Sc; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, SVjc: choice, 74c; standard. 6".ic:
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
CO-n> boxes. 5c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5^c:
3-crown, 6'ic; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. Jl ."0 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. J2: Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial. J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. 1
NUTS— Walnut'. S«|9c for Standards and r>13
10c for softshells; Almonds, HU(gl2c for paper
shell, 9® 10c for soft and 4^5c for hardshell-
Peanuts. S^e^ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brr.zll Nuts, 7>t'SSc; Filberts, ISQSVLe;
Pecans. lKfTlSc: Cocoanuts, $3 UVS't.
HONEY- Comb. 124(fil3c for bright and HfJ
12c for light amber; water white, "Viertjc; light
amber extracted. 6-%ff7c: dark. 6c per Vb.
BEESWAX— 24^26c r«?r It).
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
demand Is moderate.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10-210'Ac per lb for
heavy, 10^i«10Hc for lleht medium, ll^c for
light. 12'.£c for extra light and 14U.C for sugar
cured. Kastern sugar-cured Haras. 12@13c;
Mess Beef. J12 per bbl; extra Mess. J13: Fam
ily. J14: extra Prime Pork. J13; extra clear J13-
Mess. J16 50; Smoked Beef. 12^i@13c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 84c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
S%c: 10-lh tins. Vic; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. ST4c: three
half barrels. 8*ic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SHe; five tierces, S\c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is about 1c lower all around, with a
very dull market. In fact, there !s no demand
whatever.
Hides continue very weak, and whenever a
change occurs it is toward still lower prices.
There Is very little contracting for Hops, but
there is an undertone of strength to the mar
ket, the crop on this coast having suffered
some damage of late.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
Wic; medium, 84c: light, S',c: Cowhides.. 8U C ;
Sta«53. 6c: Salted Kip, 8c; Calf. 9c; Dry Hides,
sound. 16c; culls and brands. 13c: Dry Ktp
15c; Dry Calf. ISC: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 20«>
3Pc each; short Wool. ZtoftoQc each: medium. SO
®SCc; long Wool. 90c@Jl 10 each; Horse Hides
salt. J27T2 25 for large. Jl 73 for medium. Jl for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. Jl 30
ror larse. Jl 25 for medium. Jl for small and 23
*
NEW YORK. July 10.— The stock market was
rather dull to-day, but compared with yes
terday's semi-Etagnatlon It had an effect of
considerable animation. The large Increases in
prices of stocks which resulted from the com
paratively small deallr.g» are evidences of the
small floating supply of stocks now offering
In the market. The opening dealings were on
an extremely Fir.all scale, but 1hz market
gained strength and volume as the day pro-
Krtwed. The railmad stocks were especially
well taken, but the Industrials and specialties
had their full share In the strength of the
day's market. The list of securities dealt in
f-howed a considerable lengthening over that
for some time past. A number of factors co
operated to cause the advance in prices. The
excellent rerlstance offered yesterday in face
of the violent decline and heavy liquidation in
Brooklyn Transit was in itself a motive for
advancing prices on the part of professional
t nufl^rs, whow constsnt &im Is to sc€ priot*s
move and who only need to see the impos
sibility demonstrated of a movement In one
direction to start a mqvement In another di
rection. The conviction that the monthly crop
report would show a. material improvement in
the conditions not only in the spring wheat
wheat belt but In those portions of the winter
whfat l*lt which had suffered from too much
rain played a large part in the day's advance
and larce short lines were covered In the
stocks of all the grain-carrrying roads. The
vociferous alarm over the corn crop professed
by pome of the crop experts was evidently
viewed with skepticism by Wall street and the
corn-carrying grangers shared in the general
strength. The more cheerful tone in the for
eign markets in response to the better news
from China had a larger Influence in this mar
ket than npus frcm that source has had pre
viously. The better tone in Berlin was es
pecially marked and doubtless the buying back
accounted for the special strength of the Pa
cifies and other Berlin favorites. The con
tinued drain on the gold resources of the Bank
of England causes surmise as to the possi
bility of gold going* from New York this week.
but a rise in sterling at Paris to-day showed
a relaxation of the principal strain on the
EnKlich market. Stocks clostd ciulet-and firm
r.car the top.
The bond market was slightly more active
than yesterday, but was Irregular.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shures Closing
told. Stocks— bid.
4.02*) AtcliiEon 2-">»i
2.019 Atchison prefd 6<f%
6,iS5 Baltimore & Ohio 74
Canadian Pacific Si'ij
Canada Southern 4S
33.S70 Chesapeake & Ohio 2fi\
Chicago Great Western 10> t
14,610 Chicago Burlington & <Julncy 12tf
1.SQ0 Chicago Ind. & Louisville 23'i
£00 Chicago Ind. & Louisville prefd.. 50
Chicago & Kastern Illinois S3
300 Chicago & Northwestern 1S.1
150 Chk-aKO Rock Island * Pacific 107
220 C. C. C. & St. Louis 59
ICO Colorado Southern 5*4
100 Colorado Southern lF.t prefd 41
105 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16*4
Delaware & Hudson II - 1
, De'aware Lackawanna &. Western.. 175 "
200 Denver &¦ Rio Grande 17%
900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 6i<i
Erie l'j-> t I
Erie 1st pr«?fd C3
730 Great Northern prefd 154
Hocking Coal 13'i
Hocking Valley 33
7.0€S Illinois Central IIS'4
110 Iowa Central I7^ t
I.jWa Central prefd 47
ECO Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 13%
Lake Erie & Western 26
Lake Erie & Western prefd SO
Lake Shore 209
8,340 Louisville & Nashville 73%
1.400 Manhattan L S8
1.070 Metropolitan Street Railway ISO
300 Mexican Central 12\
110 Minneapolis & St I-ouis 11%
Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd 90
7,750 Missouri Pacific ol^
Mobile & Ohio 36
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
l.€'.O Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd 32
410 New Jersey Central 123
870 New York Central 125-4
5,640 Norfolk & Western 33 1 *
VW Isorfolk &. Western prefd 77
14.200 Northern Pacific 51%
1.0S0 Northern Pacific prefd 71'4
1,C)O Ontario & Western ]9^
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 75
3.P60 Pennsylvania 127?i
205 Reading 17V4
S.S10 Reading 1st prefd CO
1.000 Reading 2d prefd 2VU
Rio Grajide Western r.9',j |
Rio Grande Western prefd S7
St Louis &, San Francisco 5%
Kt Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. E5
300 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. 12v»
St Louis Southwestern s>i
420 St Lnuis Southwestern prefd 24'^
&.6S5 St Paul : U2Yi,
Pt Paul prefd 170V4
St. Paul & Omaha HO
4.21O Southern Pacific 3214
CyO Southern Railway ji
SCO Southern Railway prefd 61%
200 Texas & Pacific Wi,
1S.710 I'nion Pacific t2^
3.031 I'nion Pacific prefd 7t«4
Wabash 7
1.000 Wubash prefd IS^i.
719 Wheeling & Lake Erie s%
1.130 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23%
900 Wisconsin Central 331^4
SCO -Third Avenue 103
• Express Companies —
Adams J16
American O
120 Vnitcd States 48
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
1.C33 American Cotton OH *j^
American Cotton Oil prefd 87
American Malting 3
American Malting prefd 18 v
500- American Smelting & Refining 37»i
S34 American Smelting & Ref prefd SSV4
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
200 American Steel Hoop is«
130 American Steel Hoop prefd 67'i
7.370 American Steel & Wire zz>A
2.610, American Steel & Wire prefd 73
439 American Tin Plate 2H4
American Tin Plate prefd.' '.'. 74%
3.C11 American Tobacco <>2*i
American Tobacco prefd !!l2j
Anaconda Mining Co 39
62.853 Brooklyn Rapid Transit r.3U
1.660 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3314
1.630 Continental Tobacco 2oii
740 Contlntntal Tobacco prefd '. 77»i
J.090 Federal Steel 3314
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 10.— The Earl
Fruit Company realized the following prices for
California 'fruit sold at auction to-day:
Pears— Eartlctts, box, average J2 82; Clapp's
Favorite, average Jl 30. Peaches— Hale's
Early, average Jl 09; St. Johns, box, average
Jl 03; crates, average $1 48. Prunes — Trag
edy, small crate, average Jl 05.
Five cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. July 10.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices:
Peaches— Halo's Early, average 63c; St.
Johns, box, average/ 5Sc Plums — Burbanks"
small crate, average $1 16: California Red'
small crate, average Jl 31; Ogon, small crate'
average SI 13. Prunes — Simoni, small crate'
average Jl 10; Tragedy, small crate, averafee
Dry. favorable weather. Five cars sold to
day.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 10.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows:
Peaches— Imperials, box, average SSc: George
the Fourth, average SI 40. Pears — Bartletts
box. averags J2 56. Plums— Kclsey Japans;
small crate, average Jl 55. I > runes— Tragedy
small crate, average SCc.
Two cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day, real
izing the following prices:
Pears— Bartletts, box, average Jl 31. Peaches—
Crawfords. average 97c: Imperials. av
erage 74c; St. Johns, box, average 97c: half
box, GSe. Plums — Burbanks, small crate, av
erage 73o; Ogon, small crate, average $1 O**'
Peach, average 72c: Royal Hatlves, small
crate, . average 61c; Satsuma, .small crate, av
erage ' 71c. Prunes — Simoni. 'small crate, av
erage 54c: Tragedy, small crate, average 92c.
Dry, favorable weather. Sixteen cars sold to
day.
BOSTON, July 10.— The Earl. Fruit Company
California Fruit Sales.
I THE STOCK MARKET.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreefs show the fol
lowing changes In the available supplies from
the last account: Wheat— United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies (Liverpool Corn
Trade News), increase 540,000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease 6,700.000 bushels;
total supply, decrease 6,160.000. Corn— United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies. In
crease 2,33?,000 bushels. Oats — United States
and Caiiada, cast of the Rockies, decrease 71 -
000 bushels.
Note.— The immense decrease In afloat for
and In Kurope 13 due- to monthly revisions.
Broomhall cables that stocks on July 1 came
out smaller than expected nearly everywhere.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tncoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 78.000 bushels last week.
WHEAT— Liverpool reported rather more de
mand, with an advance of 3d on passage. Paris
was lower.
Chicago was weak, cables being disappointing.
Corn was lower on showers in the West. The
working of 200.000 bushels of Wheat for export,
coupled with Urartstreet's estimate of a largely
decreased visible supply, caused some strength.
Th'.-re was no activity, however, as everybody
hold off for thj Government report, which was
expected to be bullish.
Futures here were lower, but the spot mar
ket wai unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 07>£; milling, Jl 10®
1 12 ',4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December—
SOCO ctls, \\ 15"4.
Second Session— 40C0 ctls, tl 13%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 1000 ctls,
Jl 15%-
Aftemoon Session — December — 13,000 ctls,
$1 16'i: 2000, ?1 16%: 12,000. $1 lG'i.
HARLEY— Continues steadily held, but dull.
Feed, 70<Tr72^ic for No. 1 and 65@67Hc for off
grades; Brewlrg and shipping grades, 75 ( 3S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
I CALL BOARD SALES.
j Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 2C00 ctls, 73'gc.
OATS— Firmly held, with lighter offerings.
The demand is very fair and buyers have to
pay up to cet the Goods. 1 . -
White. $1 15©1 30: Surprise, $1 27>4«U 33: Red.
$1 07'Afifl 20; Gray, tl lOgl 15; Black, $1 02>.iftl 10
per ctl.
CORN — There has been no change of any con
sequence for a week or more. Offerings are
free and the market Is dull, but steadily held.
Eastern large Yellow. Jl 17Vi@l 20 per ctl; East
ern White, Jl 17%@1 29 per ctl; Mixed, Jl 13®
1 17^.
RYE— Quiet and unchanged at J2u@93c per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. '
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60<g-3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 4O'@3 SO; Oregon
and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and J3 15<fi3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, J4 75@
5 75 per barrel. ••
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are ns fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75- Rye
Meal, f 2 50; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal J" 75
extra cream do. $3 £0; Oat Groats. Jl 50; Horn
' ..' ¦/ '¦ " .''¦r : '_ •¦'
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still quoted at 40s,
with a slight increase In disengaged tonnage,
which now amounts to SS02 tons, against 13,660
tons on the same date last year. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a tonnage of 24,173,
against 37,540, and the tonnage on the way to
thi3 port has a register of 19J.900, against 206,-
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $* fi—
Sterling Kxchange, sixty days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61»i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4Sv£ —
Wheat and Other Grains.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— , July. Sept.
Opening 6 4% 64%
Closing 6 3'i 6 3U
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 70 2175
Closing 20 60 2163
Flour—
Opening '. 27 C.I 2S 75
Closing 27 50 23 65
LOCAL MARKETS.
1
CHICAGO. July 10.— All the session the
nj°nthly Government report, due after the
close, Etood ns a successful barrier to specu
lative operations in grain. In wheat there was
the 1 narrowest margin in weeks. September
opened T^c to JfiHie under vestcrday at SOWc
to 73T»c. and sold off to 73-NiC soon after. Until
the concession in price could be made there
was practically no demand. The occasion of
the shrinkage in values over night was on
heavy receipts at Liverpool, which resulted in
a, decline of 't@l!i,c at that market. Corn
was also weak and this had a depressing effect.
Tho close was barely t-teady, " s c under yes
terday at SO^c. The trade throughout was
mostly nibbling for small profits by scalpers.
Corn wan moderately active, but nervous in
the face of the approaching Government report.
Rains in Kansas and other parts of the corn
belt had an effe>-t in depressing the price.
September closed -V fil^c under yesterday.
Oats were quiet i>i<l relatively steadier than
the other grain markets. September closed
down.
Provisions were weak, influenced by large
hog receipts, easiness at the yards and the
grain weakness. There was considerable sell-
Insr by a Mr local speculator, which nlded in
j the s'.umpir.K off- September pork closed S'lc
under yesterday, lard 12V»rj 10c down and .ribs
13c depressed.
The loading futures ranged ns follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
July 7S'i 7S T 6 7SS 78*
August T3U 79^ 7R% 73Vi
September SO'k 80^ 7S*i SO'k
Corn No. 2 —
July 43'i 43*i 42% 42H
August 43' 2 43»i 43 43
September 44 44 43^ 43Vi
Oat9 Xo. 2—
July 23\i 23?; 23H 23U
August 23% 21S, 23i 2 2.1=4
September ." 2JH 24Vi 23T» 23"»
Mess Pork, per barrel—
July 12 40
September 12 £5 12 S5 12 50 12 57',i
Lard, 100 pounds —
July 6 75
September 6 97>i 6 97Vi 6 S3 6 S7^
October 7 00 7 CL'^ 6 72'i 6 S7£
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 6 93
September 7 07»£ 7 07»4 C S3 C 95
¦ Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, lirm. No. 3 spring wheat. 73@7G\ic:
No. 2 red. 815?S2c. Xo. 2 corn, 43fr43 1 ic: No. 2
yellow. 42 ! :'i<iT44V2C. No. 2 oats, 24Vitf/2tV2C; Xo. 2
white, 2GM.'«27c: No. 3 white, 2iH®2t>»ic. No. 2
rye, 60$T614c. Fair to choice malting barley,
43f(4Sc. No. 1 flax seed. ?1 SO; No. 1 Northwest
ern {1 SO. Prime timothy seed. Jl SO. Mess
pork, per barrel. $11 70«12 £0. Lard, per ICO
pounds $0 7i>f:S £0. Short rihs sides Uoose),
J6 S3fi7 20. Dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%<&
7c. Phort clear sides (boxed), $7 f)0<S7 70. Whis
ky, basis of high wines, $12 32. Sugar— Clover,
contract grade, $S. •
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10.000 4,000
Wheat, bushels 30.CC0 92.100
Corn, bushels 420.000 6$1.«H)
Oats, bushels 236,000 410,000
Rye. bushels 1.000'
Barley, bnshfls 13.000 10, COO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was slow; creamery. 13©lSc: dairy, 14®
17c. Cheese, quiet; 3'i®10Uc. Kggs, steady;
fivsh lf|i,p.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I^jndon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day, hardening
on the news from China and later relapsing
somewhat In the investment list . on tho an
nouncement of a County Council stock Issue
of iZ.0w.WO at 3 per rent, offered at a. mini
mum of 99. London bought Americans mod
erately, particularly Louisville and Nashville,
on the current rumors nbout the dividend and
,ilso Illinois Central. The gr-neral contango
was r>'..fy4. Call money was up nearly 1 per
cent on the payment of another war loan In
stallment, but by the close call money was
practically unlendaMe.
CLOSING.
Atchison. 26'i: Canadian Pacific, 91Ti: Union
Pacific preferred, 71'i: Northern Pacific, 72%:
Grand Trunk. <V^; Anaconda, "i,; Rand mines,
401,4. Uar silver, steady, 2S^id per ounce.
Money, I 1 ifi2 per cent.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Preliminary returns
to the statistician of the Department of Ag
riculture on the acreage of corn planted in
dicate an lncreaFe of about 1,2=30,000 acres, or
1.3 per cpnt over the acreage harvested last
year. The increaa* in acreage is, in the main,
well distributed, there being only ten States
and Territories out of the forty-five reporting
that have not a larger acreage planted than
was harvested last year. The average con
ditions of the Browing; crop Is 89. 5. as com
pared with E6.5 on July 1, 1SSS, 90.3 at the
corresponding date In 1S3S and a ten-year aver
age of 90.7.
The condition <of winter wheat shows a
further decline during June, being SO. 8 on
July 1, as compared with S2.7 on June 1, 63.6
on July 1, 1839, &5.7 at the corresponding date
In 1898. and a ten-year average of 79.8. All
the Important winter wheat States except
Pennsylvania. Texas and Tennessee, share In
this Improvement of condition. Ohio and In
diana falling to 23 and Michigan to 40.
The average condition of spring wheat Is 53.2.
as compared with 67.3 one month ago, 91.7 on
July 1, 1SE9. 35 at the corresponding date in
1(>?8. and a ten-year average of SS.5. The con
dition in Minnesota has fallen to 45 and in
South Dakota to 44 and in North Dakota to 20,
these figures being 44. 43 and B0 points re
spectively below the ton-year average for the
States named. The Northwestern States have
been visited by a special agent of the de
partment within the last ten days and the re
ports of the department's regular correspond
ents are fully confirmed.
In Minnesota and North Dakota the condi
tion of oats, barley, rye, pasture and meadow
lands Is much like the showing of wheat— the
lowest on record.
The condition of spring and winter wheat
combined on July 1 was C3.8, against 67.2 on
July 1, 1S99, and S9.4 at the corresponding date
in 1«9S.
The amount of wheat remaining In the hands
of farmers on July 1 Is estimated at about
El. 000,000 bushels, or the equivalent of 9.3 per
cent of the crop of 1S99.
The average condition of the oats crop Is
S3. 5, as compared with 91. 7 one month ago. 90
on July 1, 1S99, and a ten-year average of 87. 3.
The average condition of barley Is 76.3. as
against £6.2 one month ago, 92 on July 1 issa
85.7 at the corresponding date in JS9S and a
ten-year averace of S8.3. All the principal
barley States show a decline durlntr the- month
and their averages of condition are below the
respective ten-year averages.
The average condition of winter rye is 89 6
as compared with 83.3 on July 1, 1S93, 93. g ' a [
the corresponding date In 1S68 and a ten-year
average of S9.3.
Reports on the hay crop are in the main
unfavorable and there are few Important graz
ing States In which the condition is not con
siderably below the ten-year average.
While there has been a general decline In
the condition of apples almost every Important
apple-growing State has the promise of more
than an average crop. This is also true of
peaches and grapes.
The wool report Indicates the average weight
per fleece as being 6. 17 pounds, as against 5 1)5
pounds in 1S99. , .
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2300;
steers, steady to slow; butchers' stock, steady
.0 strong. ¦ Natives— Best on sale, five carloads
it J5 30; good to prime steers, $r, io©5 70; poor
:o medium, $4 60ijr5; selected feeders, firm, J4@
i 75; mixed stockers, stronger. $2 75C3 90: eowa
London Market.
¦WASHINGTON. July 10.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, JIM. 243,003; pold, $70,340,442.
Condition of the Treasury.
commercial bills, $4 83*iffi4 83'j. Silver certlti
catos. 61»*/?jC2i;c; bar silver. Cl?ic. Mexican
dollnn>. 4Sk»c. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Nr.v York Stock Market.
Treasure Shipment.
The Nijipcn Maru took out a treasure list of
S4CSC'3, consisting of J312.5C6 in Mexican dollars.
S13i'u in gold coin ar.d I14J/JS2 in silver bullion.
United States Coinage.
The coinage of the United States Mir.ts for
the current fiscal jvar :e as follows:
I>ouMe eap!es J75.492 70" f«)
Kapies 21.773,311 00
Half fap'fs 7.B23.05SO0
ijucrtrr iaslf-s 136.015 ffl
Standard «lo:iars l'.244,9S4 00
llalf dollars 5.S44.S.".S i.O
Quarter dollars 4,^15,^92 25
DUaea 2.7ifi.f)i<.s 40
Kickdi i,.'37.4!<i> 60
Ccsta 703.317 Cl
Total Jl4l.SOl.970 36
In IK'8-: 1 ? 13S."S5,668 7?
A summary of the coinage for the last fiscal
v«ar is as MIobe:
O.ild $307.?37.11O W
Slvcr SU2J.ni 15
Uinor '. 27243,017 21
Government Money Here.
Jnllva Jacobs. AssiEtant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
:n hand June 30 as lollows:
fnited States notes $24,244 (VI
I"r»-asury nf.tes at ISM b4.044 00
National l>ar.k notes 1.J93 00
jold certificates l.*i20 0)
Silver certificates ' 377.574 00
Hold coin 2fi.472.6CS ?6
?tar.<iar<J silver dollars 31.7.",2.21's 00
r'jhsldiary filver ccin 236,673 05
Minor coin is.854 3»
5dupot.i ro; ss
Interest checks W 80
Total $ JS.!>70.43S ?5
Sh!rrr:ents of silver coin from the same o'flce
or the month of June were as follows:
'tandani silver dollars $12S,5M
-¦jbs^diarj' silver 177.330
ilinor coin 4.600
Total {310,450
r\ M , ti»',? n •/• t-b »
Uur slccount v nil racihc Koads.
Th» following figures show the amounts due
the Cnlted Ftat<s frcra the Pacific railroads
en account of bonds issued in aid of their con-
Ftructior.: Central branch Union PaclSc. 13,
7rAi:s: Pioux City and Pacific. 14,15«..t;j; total,
|7,945.550. The Government has been reim
bursed for IZ~,.Z?S,.Z'Ji principal and $31,211,711
interest, beine th»- total ind.-bte-lnesa of the
Union I'acific Raiiroad Ormpuny to November
1, 1537. ar.d for the principal of th» Kansas I'a
oific indebtedness, amounting to }6,543.000. The
unpaid balance of the total indebtedness of the
Central Pacific and Western Pacific railroad
companies ta the tnited States, under pettie
to F44.1Q9,53f and accrued interest, less trans
portation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
Tfcs following Is a statement cf the publir
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the
United i-tates at the close of business June 30,
received from Secretary Gage: Interest-bear
ing Oebt, H.<O,4iS,tCo; debt on which interest
has ctased since maturity, t1.176,320: debt bear
ing- no interest. $3»5.7C1.73;: certificates ar.d
"i'fafun* notes. offset by an « -ju-'il amount of
cash in the Treasury. 172UM.0T; aggregate of
c^bt. j:.126.!("1.'Xa Compared with the state
ment issued May 31 th» figures show a decrease
of certificates and Treasury notes amounting
to C8.04d.4Xi0. and a decrease in the aggregate
debt of 511.C15.4i-S. The cash in the Treasury
ct the date mentioned wa«: Resen-e fund,
[120,000.000; tniFt fund, 17:3,r.44.175>; general
fund. $13'\C72.7.'0; in national bank depositories
IIO.ra.SSQ: total. r.H-:i.45<.4?0. The cash bal
uaee In the Treasury May 31. exclusive of re
serve and trust funds, was 1143.783,.".;?, and on
Jur.e 20, t155.7C5.C54, showing an increase dur
ing the month of P.952.12L
Merchandise for I'ictoria.
The steamer t'n-.atllla Failed yesterday for
Victoria with a cargo of general merchandise
value-d at Jl3,;&€, which included the follow
ing:
1«5 pkes hardware. 4 cs oil, C7S cs canned
coods, ISti i>kps groceries and provislona. 107
boxes lemons. 20c cs dr> gocwl!'. 10 pkgs spice,
160 pkrs dried fruit. 300 bales salt. 7 cs clocks,
f, cs ;iaint. 37C pals. SO cs wine, 40 pkRS ralfins,
COO Dm bread, 24 bars steel, 23 cyl )?as. 14 eks
cocoan-jts. i» stoves. 150 stovepipes, 10 bbls
pitch. 10 bales oakum, 13 pkss evaporated ap
ple*. 270 sks maJt. 2?1 pkt?s vegetables. 875 rbs
FURar. 256 boxes pante, 60 bdls Etraw hoard.
M.3P Tbs tin. Ml r«-els wire. 30 cs drugs, 72 cr
onions. 13 bbls tallow, g pkss arms and am
irunitirn. 40 pks p>..tatoes, 24>j0 pkss fruit.
Fcr Norwich, Conn.: 50 bales scoured wocl.
%"aloe f'A-'j.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Japanese liner Nippon Hani sailed yes
terday for China and Japan with a general
cargo manifested, as follows:
For China. SHO.'-'l; for Japan. i64,3;0: for
Manila. %\f;:,:S; for Hast Indies. $3305; for Vlad-
Ivoetock. j:727. Total vahie. J226.471.
Amr.r.f the principal shi'jments were Included
the folk wing:
Kor <"hina: 9 Fks r.balone*. 10S1 pkps dried
fish. 2J7i rkpy procertes and provlglcns. 217J
cs canned soods, 34 boxes lemons, 375 sks beana,
9 cs fhof-s, re/) T!>s |x»arl barley. 12 cs ¦taiicn
ety. 47, i:."> It-s tobacco, 4 cr bicycles and sun
dries. t2S« l.bls flour. 13.ry>0 gals bottled beer,
3434 cs <lry co<.kJs. 310 cs ralmon, 41) rolls lea'n
cr. f pksa printlr.R irk. 122." It»s oleomarsai ln-.
y es drut;s, 145 pk?s dried fruit, if Mis Km
wee<". Zf pkss machincr> - . S3? pals, 2 bbls w!n-\
2j keps Kauer kraut. 14 pkss liirdware. li£
j.kCK lilun-.bins mater!?.!. C typewriters, 13 ¦wa
pons.
For Japan: IS rid abalone?. 45 sks horns. 46
pkps hnse. 703 j'kgs proceries and provision*
n ikps h.ardware, 131 rolls leather. 107S plzs
lead. 2:."/0 IT>s FU«ar. 18 pkrs rtried fruit. 115
f V.rs crocker>-. i'jl pkgs water closet materinl
73 ?r bicycles and sundrips. U pkjrß machinery!
C 2 bdls pr.r^r. 37.". cs cannM »rood«>. TM'.Ai uaus
wivie. ZZV2 i-k?s railroad material. .W0 bbls pulu
CO.'aiO !T)S oleomargarine. C 2 cs whisky. 1100 rbs
Siutter. 110 bbJK flour. 9 cs drurs. 26 cs silk,
4 cs typewriter*. 1&0 kegs saver kraut. C 6 csril
cultural implements, 10 pkgs codfish. 7 pkfc»
electrical suppJies.
For Manila: ;• j 'ksxs hardware. 34 cr bicycles.
iT- ;.kr;s oil clothing. 10 cs confectionery, 152
o."> canned coods, i cs etatlcnery, S?2O gals
battled be<-r. 10" cs Falmnn. 16 box»s soap. IfiJ
<•« wh'.Fkv. S3 ] Kga machlnerj-. »C cs wine, i;i -
COt ft iurnlior.
For ICast Indies — *C« cs canned Roods, 141
7!';:* pnireries ar.d provisions, 1C79 pals wine,
Jon c<= Fnlmon. 5 pkgs electrical supplies.
For ViadlvoFtock: € pkff? asbaying goods. 9
T'k^fc furniture, CO Krindstoncs.
Weather Report.
ClOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN' FRANCISCO, July 10. 5 p. m.
The teUcwtßg maximum .temperaturfs were
renortr-d from stations in California to-day:
Kureka C 4 rted Cluff 100
M^unt Tamalanis ... 7f Facramcnto 94
Independence IS Pan Dlriro 70
Fresno 10S San Lulß Obißjto 7i
Los Angeles SG
San Franciscn data— Maximum temperature.
C 3; minimum, 50; mean. C 4.
WEATHEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen elowly over Idaho and
Eastern Oregon. It has risen slightly alone th«
cofttt or California ana Oregon. Aa area oi low
pressure extends from the valley of the Colo
rado northward through Utah and Southern
Idaho into Montana:
Th» temperature has fallen slightly along the
Oregon and Washington coast. Warm weather
continues over nearly the entire country west
of the Rocky Mountains. At Salt Lake City
the temperature Is 11 degrees above the nor
mal. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are from 5 degrees to 12 degrees
above the normal. Temperatures of 100 degrees
and ov» r are .reported at many points In Cali
fornia and Arizona. Light rain has fallen over
Northern Washington.
Fc recasts made .¦•£ i?an Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July 11. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather: light southerly winds in
the interior; frej=h westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fa-ir Wednesday: light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
I'tah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday: continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light nonherlv, changing to fresh westerly,
winds. ALEXANDER Q. McADlE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
©50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
«kins, 35c; fall or medium skins. Me; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, ,jc;
large and smooth. 50c: medium. 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined. 5'jc: grease. 232 : ic
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 145J15c: Northern defective, l.'d
14c; Middle County, free. 14^1«c; Middle County,
defective, 12Ul»c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. lliflCc; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months", l.)&I2e; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 monthV. Wile: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
lSfilSc: Nevada. 13-QlBe per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joanuln Lambs'. S.^3c per lb.
HOPS— Nomlrtal at 5-glOc per lb; new. SKJlOc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for most descriptions stand as. be
fore. Hogs may be a shade easier, and lartr^
Veal Is a fraction weaker. Mutton and Lamb
are steady with moderate supplies, and there
13 plenty .of Beef for all purrent wants.
HEEF— 5^6»«c por lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, SVigUc; small. 9'v£U4c per
Wethers. "H'SSc; ewes. 737^c per
r °LAMB- Spring-. SHfPc per ll>. . _..,
rORK— Live Hoars., fifjt^c for small, o^xtj <c
for medium and 5h'&-5»,c for large: stock. Hogs
and feeders. 5' 3 c; drtssM Hogs. 8@S«aC.
General Merchandise.
DAGS- San Quentln Cag3. C 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Hc: Wool Bags. 2S'i'S32Hc:
Fleece Twlr.e. Vic: Fruit Bags, fMQ^c for
white and S l 4 / BSS 4 c for bleached Jute.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2H-lb tins
are quoted as follows: Apricots. *1 SO for
unpeeled. $1 55 for peeled and %l 95 for
peeled and sliced; Blackberries. Jl 60; Cherries.
$1 73 for black, $1 S5 for white and 12 for Royal
Anne; Currants. $1 75; Gooseberries, $1 65:
Grapes, Jl 35; Nectarines. SI 50: Peaches. $1 45
©1 "5; Pears. *1 75; Plums. $1 35^1 40; Qulncea.
$1 63: Raspberries. $1 85; Strawberries, Jl 75.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; new Welling
ton. J3; Southfleld Wellington. JS; Seattle. W;
Bryant. J6: Coos Bay, 15 50: Walls«nd. tS; Co
operative Wallsend. JS; Cumberland, J12 in bulk
and J13 23 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel. Ill per ton; Coke. $16 per
ton In bulk and $13 In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, JS 45 per 2uC0 pounds.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Marl
posa left there have been the following Coal
arrivals from Australia, viz.: Port Elgin, 27S3
tons; Afghanlsta/i. J35O tons; Thallatta, 2734
tons: total. SS37 tons. There are reported char
tered for Coal from Sydney and Neweastla
forty-two vessels, with a carrying capacity of
128,000 tons. There are only ten of these due
here before Septmber 1. There are thirty-eight
vessels listed for Hawaiian Islands, with about
74.0Ci> tons of coal. Freight rates are quoted at
ISs for early and 17a for distant loadlnar from
Newcastle, and tonnage hard to procure at
heae- figures. Our market is almost entirely
bare of steam grades; every cargo arriving Is
delivered from ship's side with dispatch, thus
none Is yarded, leaving no reserve to draw
rom. Our coast colliery proprietors are straln
ng themselves to get their output to market,
yet they are unable to fill the orders as they
come In. The Immense demand this year for
Alaska has called Into requisition all the avail
able coast tonnage and Is delaying the loading
of steamers for here. It is difficult to predict
where th» combined navies of the world, which
will shortly center fn. China waters, will draw
their fuel supplies from. Of course consider
able may b<» drawn from Japanese collieries,
but the residuum must come from Australia, as
lirltlsh Columbia cannot furnish any for the
moment
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 14®1j^c for prime
washed. 12HS13SC for grood washed, 13 1 S14 1^c
for good to prime washed peaberry. HVs'SlSc
for good to prime peaberry. llHTHS^c for good
to prime. liVaiic for good current mixed with
black beans, SU^lUic for fair. T'gS^c nominal
for common to ordinary; Salvador. lu-V^f 13c for
Rood to prime washed. ICSlOHc for fair washed.
12<fil3 1 -ic for good to prime washed peaberry.
V^iTtKPic for good to prime semi-washed. 1<>H»
ftllc for superior unwashed, lOfilO'gC for good
green unwashed. llgllSc for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. 6M- / SS**c nominal for com
mon to ordinary: Nicaragua. 14til7i s c for prime
to fancy washed. !6MO13)&e for fair to strictly
good washed, 9*i^lC4c nominal for good to
superior unwashed. lO'i^'lle nominal for good
to prime unwashed peat>erry; Guatamala ami
Mcilran, 14 / 3r7 1 2 e for prime to fancy washed.
i;'.itj(-13*ic for strictly good washed, ll'jtj^sc
for good washed, for fair washed,
9fi9' 2 c for medium, i\^S\c for Inferior to or
dinary, 1313 M'-c for good to prime washed pea
berry. 11'iillUc nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. l c >810?ic nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LUATHKR-Snle, heavy, ZmXSc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 2Ca30c: Sole Leather, light.
20fj2Se: Roush. Leather, heavy. Ttfjitta. Rough
Leather, ll^ht. Kfi26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
SlfjSv; Harness Leather, medium, 30-gTTc: Har
n-ss Leather, lisrht. XfiZ'c; Collar Leather. 15$
lie per foot: Kip. finished. 40fj50c per lb; Veal
finished. 50f I 5.-.c; Calf, finished. 75c1?$l 20; Sides,
finished. Hone per r<Kit: Belt Knife Splits. 14'iJ
16o: Rough Splits. lOtte per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, Xo. 1
75c; pure, Jl GO; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
77c: raw. 75c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 7f>c: cases. 75c: China
Nut. 6J5fi72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil har
rela. 60c; cases. €5c: Srerm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, KUfti2' 3 c per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels. 35c: cases. *1c.
PETROLEITM. GASOLINE AND BENZINE
—Water Tl - hite Coal Oil. In bulk. 12' a c- Pea-1
Oil. in cases, l*^c; Astral Oil. in cases' lSWc-
Star Oil. In cases. lS : 2 c; Extra Star Oil in
cases, 22Hc: Elaine Oil, in cases. 234c: EocCM
20>ic: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk 13c-
Deodorlzed Stove Gasoline. In cases 21c- Ben
zine, in bulk. 14Uc: Benzine, in cases 20".c-
So-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; SC-degree Gaso^
line. In cases. 27e.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at K>c per rallon !a
cases and «3c in drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, '.^^p
~\c per lb; White Lead, 737 1 ic. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $.VKJ31 per flask for local
us» and J45<>?46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western riutrar Reflnlnjf Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags: Cubes A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.10c; Powdered,
>.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry Granulated'
5.60c; Confectioners" A. 5.«0c: Magnolia A
5.2Cc : Extra C. Lite: Golden C. 3c: barrels. ICte
more; half -barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lesa
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent Domlnos
half-harrels. fi.JT.c: boxes. fi.GOc per lb.
LUMBER— Hetail prices are as follows- Pine
ordinary sizes. J1S-317; extra sizes, higher- Red
wood. $17^ IS for No. 1 and J15^1(5 for No ••
Lath, 4 feet. J3 50^4: Pickets, $1S; Shingles,
II 75 for common and $2 7."> for fancy; Shskes.
til for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. <21j?27.
Receipts of Produce.
— j
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 10. ¦
Flour, ar sks ... 22. 444 1 Pelts, bdls c
t\heat. ctls 8.735 Wool, bales ...... *)
Barley, ctls tSOQIStraw. tons 10
'orn. ctls 25; Hay. tons 749
rty<\ ctls 1.44.-> Uiup. bhl3 91
Gutter, ctls 2i"- SuKar. bbls TO
Theese. ctls 74 Sugar. ?!cs 2 5'"iO
rallow, ctla 221 UtddltBA sJis ... ta
>eather. rolls — 71 Rrnn. s'.t.< 3.y*
Vine, gala 52.4-V) Onions, ska 4,X>
Zkk*. doz lS.SIPIPotatoes. sks ... g.5."^>
•ulcksllver. flsk3 in;Beans. iks U
Ildes. no 4t:
OREGON.
Hour, qr sks 1.0321
Shipment of $463,893 to China.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat freights steady. Wheat futures lower.
All other cereals as before quoted.
Hay goes up another 50c. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Onions rather firmer again. Potatoes unchanged.
J 'cgciablcs in liberal supply and weak.
Peaches and Apricots zeeak under larger arrivals.
Nothing nr^ in Dried Fruits.
Provisions selling moderately at unchanged quotations.
Wool about a cent lower all around.
Hides and Leather still dull and zeeak.
Hops very quiet, zvith little contracting.
Xo particular change in the Meat market.
1,500 Federal Steel prefd 67»8
l.SPO General Electric 131>A
4.440 Glucose Sugar 53^
210 Glucose Sugar prefd Wm
1,1.0 International Paper 23-'!s
110 International Paper prefd, 64
S25 Lnclede Gas ; 7514
National Biscuit -..„". 30'n
National Biscuit prefd ....' S2',4
National Lead 19
National Lrad prefd P5»i
2,515 National Steel Zi\i
4M> National Steel prefd i 83V
2ro New York Air Brake .*". 13J "
400 North American l.V>£
1CS Pacific Coast 52 l ,i
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S4
Pacific Coaet 2nd prefd C2ij
400 Pacific Mail 27
4.4ffi> People's Has 11914
1.100 Pressed Steel Car 43*;
Pressed Steel Car prefd 70
Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 5V«
S1.SS5 Sugar 118%
Sugar prefd USH
LSfiO Tennessee Cral & Iron 6S s i
400 Tnited States Leather 9V»
600 United States Leather prefd 6>*i
300 United States Rubber 23'i
110 United States Rubber prefd *J2
Western Union 80'i
950 Rep I & S 12^
: 493 Rep I & S prefd 56
I P C C &. St L C9
j 206,600 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
j U S new Ia»reg M K & T 2ds 69%
(when Issued) ...103 Do 4s K9 T S
Do coup 100 N Y Cent lsts 107?i
U S 2s reg 10) N J Cent tren 5s. .1204
U S 3s reg lOSHiNorthern Pac 3s... 65 7 fc
Do coup 109 VJ Do 4s 1M\
V S new 4s, reg- 1333i!N YC & St I, 4s. .106
Do coup 133V Norf & W con 4s.. 97
U S old 4s reg 1H4 Oregon Nav lsts. ..107
Do coup 114 1 -/ Do 4s 101!4
U S 5s reg US', Oregon S L Cs....l27'-s
Do coup 11314) Do con os lll'a
Dis of Colum 3.C3S.123 ! Reading Gen 4s 87"i
Atchlson een 4s lom'R Q West lsts 97 T S
Do acij 4s ys\i St L & I M con 5s. 110
Can Southern 2ds..!0S I Do gen Cs 121
ChPF & Ohio 4' 2 s.. M ISt Paul cons 1CS
Do 5s 116'i St J' C & Pac lsts.110'4
Clii N con 7s 14iH 2 i Do 5s IIS
IV) S F deb 5s. .120 So Pacific 4s 79
Chicago Term 4s.. 8H4J Southern Ry 5s....lOMi
| Colorado South 4s.. 84\.Stand R & T Cs... 71
I) & H G lsts 102 ;Tex & Pac lsts 112
Do 4s 97Si ! Do 2ds 65
F.r!<» Gen 4s 09V Union Pac 4a 105
Ft W ft D C lsts.. 70% Wabash lsts 11514
I Gen Electric 5s 116 ; 2 Do 2Js 10F4
l Iowa Cent lsts 113VWest Shore 4s 112'i
K C P & G lsts.... 71 iWis Cent lsts S7» 2
| L & N uniH 4s !IS iVa Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chnllar 15Ontarlo C ;iO
Crown Point 06 Ophir 63
Oon Cal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 40. Quicksilver 1 f.0
Gould & Curry 221 Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross... 2S;Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake 50 OOi Standard 3 5*0
Iron Silver ' £1 Union Con 17
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket li
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IRubber 23
Call loans 2 (fT3H (Union Pacific 52'i
Time loans 3U,a4HtjWest End S3
Stocks— Bonds—
Atcliison 2.*^i!AtchiEon 4s 100
Do prefd 69\j Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar US^ 'Adventure 2
Do prefd 115 iAllouez Mining Co. 1
: American Tele. .,..144 JArnal Copper S5
Kc.«ton & All.any..24.i (Atlantic 22
Boston KlPvated...l?.3's Boston &• Mont 2l<S
Boston & Maine. ..iss jjiuttc & Boston... MM
I-B& Q 12S -Calumet & Hecla..." 30
Dominion Coal .... 3s'4 Centennial 1614
Federal Steel 33->J PTankllri 12U
Jjo prefd 67 Osceol:. f,;^,
Fitehburg prefd 137 Parrot 4f;«-
Gen Elec 131'4'Qulncy 1% "
Mexican Central... 12 iSanta Fe Cop 4»4
Mich Telephone « I Tamarack go
N E Gas & Coke.. lr.SiT'tah Mining 25'i
Old Colony 202 Uvinona 2?i
Old Dominion IS (Wolverines C6'
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Money on call easy at
Wi?!** per cent; last loan, l'i per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3*ifi4H per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S6 I ,if»4 8fi- 8 for demand and at 54 >4
for sixty days; posted rates. 51 85 and $4 S7Vi;
lny, $3 50<ff3 73; Buckwheat Flour. »4®4 Z*;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; J\ hole
Wheat Flour, »3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25. in eacks. $5 75<g7; Pearl Barley. $i; Split
Peas, ?5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 10>J lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Another 50c advance In grain Hay Is noted,
makini $1 In two days. The market Is firm
at the advance. Volunteer descriptions remain
dull, as nobody wants them. If grain Hay con
tinues to advance, however, volunteer will fol
low later on.
Feedstuffs stand as befcre.
BRAN— $12 .VKjn3 50 per tun.
MIDDLINGS— J172M per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J16 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2t>J?27; Jobbing, *27 50
ffi2S; Cocoanut Cake. s:c<521: Corn Meal. $:i 50;
Cracked Corn. $25: Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— Whoat. $S@li) for common to good. $lt
for choice; Wheat and Oat. JSfglO: Oat. S763:
Alfalfa, t-'di" 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 50^6 50; Wheat.
$7 50^10: Wheat and Oat. I7.5CSJ 50; Oat. $6 50
fiS 50: Clover, $4 50^6; Alfalfa, > 5o@7; Barley.
$6^7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 253371JC per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market is quiet and nominal at the fa
miliar quotations.
BEANS— Payos. $2 &.'t?3: Small White, J3 V, 1^
3 40: large White. *2 75©2 90: Pink. XI 50<*?2 90;
Red, %2 50^3; Rlackeye. $2 50® 3 75; Butters.
nominal; Lima $5 3Jg5 40; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, 541?4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax Jl WQZ 20; Canary. 3'jC per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2HS3c; Hemp, 4g4^c; Timo
thy, 4f44c.
DRIED— PEAS— Nlles, $2 25*52 60; Green. J2 K
62 10 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are rather firmer again. Potatoes
stand about the same. Vegetables are In lib
eral supply and weak, with a decline la To
matoes.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 6OS7Oc; New
Early Rose. 4^ 50c: New Burbanks, 40@00o
ONIONS— New Red. 60@73c; Yellow. $131 10
*er ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. eScgll 25 per
pack; 75e@$l per crate for Berkeley and $lf?l 50
for Alameda; Asparagus, 75c<8|l 75 per box for
common to choice and $2®2 50 for fancy large:
Green Peas, 2g-2Hc per lb; String Beans, lUf?
3e; LImas. 5c; Cabbage. 40S50c; Tomatoes, 23
@50c; Rivers. $1@1 50: Egg Plant. 75cg$l per
box; Green Okra. 10c; Green Peppers. 35cffJl per
box for Chill and 50c(g$l for Bell: Dried Pee
pers, SgiOc; Carrots, 25^33c per sack; Summer
Squash, 50060c for Alameda; Cucumbers. 333
EOc for Alameda; Garlic. 2£3c p er lb.
Poultry and Game.
Good 6tock Is In fair demand, but several
kinds are lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9<5?10c for Gob
blers and lO'Sllc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1U
1 25; Goslings. $1 25<31 50; Ducks. J3@4 for
old and $3 £.(>(?5 for young: Hens, $4Q1>: young
Roosters. $5 50*7 6; old Roosters, $3 5'>S4 50; Fry
ers. $4?j4 SO; Broilers. S3@3«O for large and *2
©2 10 for small: Pigeons, %l 25 Wl 50 per dozen
for old and $1 25^1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There are signs of an advance In Egrgs.
Stocks are growing smaller, though there ar»
plenty here still, and the demand Is alack.
The feeling Is firm.
Butter and Cheese show no change what
ever. Both are In free supply and poor de
mand.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. lVi'QlSc; sec
onds. NHGlSc.
Dairy— Fancy, 16'^; good to choice, 15!i'S16c:
common. 141715c.
CHEESE— New. S^-gDc: Young America. 9U^
10c; Eastern. 16ttl7c; Western. I5gi6c per It>.
EGGS — Quoted at 13f*15c for store and 16®
ISc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, H I *'515!ic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apricots nre weakening. The season Is draw-
Ing to a close and the canners have got over
the bulk of their packing, hence the demand
Is lle-htpr.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 10.— No transactions were
reported to-day In wheat and prices are strictly
nominal at 55@57c for both Walla Walla and
Valley, the lower figure being the lowest quota
tion made by exporters, while for milling pur
poses 57c is offered, liluestem Is nominal at COc
¦ per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACO1IA. July 10.— Wheat— Market quiet, un
changed; Bluestem, oSHc; Club, C6',ic, both for
export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 10.— Consuls, 93 U-16; silver,
2Sl±d: French rentes. 09f 97M;C. Wheat cargoes
on passage, firm, not active. 3d higher; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 3is TVad; English
country markets, ijulet.
LIVERPOOL. July 10.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 6s Cd^fis Bd: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
trv markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 l-32d.
/ CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 Northern spring.
6s 3Ud; No. 1 California, 6s 5dJ?6s 5V~d. Futures,
quiet; July, 6» 3Vid; September, 6s 2d; Decem
ber, nominal.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s V-d: American mixed, old, 4s 3d. Futures,
quiet: July, 4s V»d: September, 4s 2V£d.
FLOUR — Fancy winter, dull, 6s 3d.
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices:
Apples— Red • Astrachan. half. box. Jl@l 20,
average $1 15; white Astrachan. half box. av
erage 85c. Pears— Giffords, box, 75@9:>c, aver
age 90c. Peaches— Hale"s Early, box, 45c@Jl 15,
average 77c; Imperials. 90cift$l 70, average $1 60,
Str Johns; box. $1 05©l SO. average $1 30; crates,
{1 15ift 1 65. average $1 50. Plums — Abundance,
small crates, 45!??90c, average 75c; Burbanks,
small, crate*. Koc^Jl, average 7oc; Hotans, small
crates, 40@85c, average 73c: California Red,
small crates, S3c@U 30. average $122: Royal
natives, small crates, 60®75c. average 70c; Sat
fr'uma, 15, average H 09. Prunes— Simoni,
small crater, 53€7:c, average 64c; Tragedy,
small crates, 60Q90C, average 74c.
heventf-en cars scad to-day.
NEAV YORK. July 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany s sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows:
Pears-Rartletts, $1 S0<??3 05. average $2 57; B.
Glffords. 20@'3Oc, average 2.1c. Peaches. Hale's
Early, box. 25®85e, average 53c; Imperials, 501?
Sjc, averag" 74c; St. Johns, box. 2.VS35c, aver
age 59c. ' Plums— Burbanks. small crates. 23c®
II -li. average 52c; Abundance, small crates,
3.1® 90c, average 62c: Botans. small crates, 20<3
Me average 33c; Kelsey Japans, small crates.
o0cf?*3 20. average $1 20; Ogon. So^oc. average
•4c; Royal Hatlves. small crates. 35«50c. aver
age 46c; Peach, gmall crates, 30®$l. average
iS: Purple Duane, 6O.ff8Oc, average 72c: Patsu
ma. small crates, 35«7Cc. average 51c: Wlck-
Kon, small crates, S5c®Jl 90, average |1 el.
I J rur >f?— SImonl. small crates, 20®S5c, average
i we: Tragedy, small crates, 40e@$l 40, average
|' i0c.
| XEW YORK. July 10.— Porter Brothers
I Company's sales of California fruit:
Pears— Bartletts, $l 7002 30; Congress, $1 63
I hril-f box; Clapp's Favorite, $1 05 half box.
Cherries— Royal Anne. 40c<5<$i 35: Republican.
$1 0r». Peaches— Foster. $1 40; Decker. $1 13/»
1 20; Early Crawfords. .">5cig-Sl *«: St. Johns. 40c
®$1 05; Imperial, 75c; Hale's Early. 25cff?2 55.
Plums— Wicksnns, $1 20@2 10; Burbank, 35cig>
tl 33; mixed. 5Sc@$l 10; other varieties. 35@n5c.
Prunes— Tragedy, 50®9Oc; SImoni, 70c Figs— 55c.
Dry. favorable weather. Twenty-seven cars
sold to-day.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, July 10.— The sales in the wool
market were confined this week to moderate
parcels for immediate use. The market con
tinues to show the entire absence of speculative
feeling. The nominal market here for fine
medium and fine territory continues at about
50(ffi52c scoured, with staple wool at 54$55c.
Unwashed medium, Missouri quarter-blood
combing, 24{j25c.
Territory, scoured basis — Montana and Wy
oming, fine medium and fine 17(@lSc, scoured
S0S62C, staple 5ac; Utah, fine medium and fine
16#17c, scoured 50(iI51e, staple C4@50c; Idaho,
fine medium and fine 15<gl7c, scoured 5O4£31c.
staple 54<B55c.
Australian. Bcoured basis, spot prices — Comb-
Ing, superfine, S2@S7c; good, S0(gS2c.
London Wool Sales.
L.OXDON*. July 10.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 10,931 bales were offered, Including a
good selection at hardening rates. Cross-breds
were In large supply. American representatives
paying full rates for suitable lots. The home
tmde bought freely, being met with compe
tition by the Continent. Cape of Good Hope I
wools were In better demand. The attendance
was good and business was brisk. There was
a better all-round demand for Merinos and
cross-breds.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The bureau crop re
port made Its appearance at noon and. pointed
to an average condition of 75.8 for June. This
was about the lowest condition ever recorded.
Hut as poor as the showing was It was not
as poor as some had predicted. The market
failed to advance on It and the professional
element was prompt to give preference to the
generally favorable reports that have been
reaching: the exchange nince July 1. the date
of closing the official data. The session closed
with conditions once more favorable to the
bulls and oversold traders of ths morning
turned to cover on the foar of a possible Liver
pool bulge to-morrow. The market closed very
steady at a net rise of 1 to 8 points.
New York Metal Market.
XHW YORK, July- 10.— The metal market
closed firm In tone. Tin closed 32c. The iron
markets continue unsatisfactory. Philadelphia
reports the nominal quotation EO'g'lQO down.
There In hardly any business doing.
PIGIRON — Warrants were quiet at $13 50
nominal.
COPPER— Ruled dull and unchanged at $18 50.
LEAD— Dull ar.d unsettled on the basis of
>S S7Vi@4 02^. and spelter was also dull and
unchanged at $4 20<fj4 25. The brokers" price
for lead was $3 tO and for copper $14 25.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 10. — Clearings, $452.
431; balances, JC7.452.
NEW YORK," July 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21.474 barrels; exports, 10,093 barrels. Sales,
715S packages. Market quiet and easier, buyers
being restrained by the Government report due
late in the day.
WHEAT— Receipts. 723 bushels: exports.
SOO0 bushels. Sales, 473.000 bushels futures,
200,000 bushels export. Spot, weak: No. 2 red,
Sl'.ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 87M>c elevator:
No. 1 Northern Duluth S9%c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive: No. 1 hard Duluth, 9l%e f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options were generally weak all day
and very slow. In addition to weak cables, more
favorable crop news from the Northwest and |
little foreign tiel'lng. the market was influenced I
by fears that the Government report might not
verify recent sensational private crop estl- I
mates on sprint: wheat, closed weak, ?i@T»c
decline. July, ,NG<gSG»»c: closed. 86Hc; Septem
ber, 81HT[S.".o; closed. 84%c; October, closed
S4»ic : December, SSU'SSi'&c; closed, SoVic
HOPS-Quiet.
OOFFKK— Spot, weak; Rio. No. 7 invoice,
9%c: mild, quiet; Cordova. Futures
closed barely steady at a decline of 5!??20 points.
Total sales, 33.250 bags, including: July. 7.75c;
August, 7.735i7.80c; September. 7.S5ff«.00c; Oc
tober, 7.7J«7S.05c: November. 7.90SS.15C; De
cember. 8.15©-S.35c: January, 8.25c; February,
S.4.-.C; March. 8.40tfJ8.€0c; May, S.65c.
FUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 4Uc; cen
trifugal. % test. 4»4c; molasses sugar. 4c; re
llne.J. firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 11.576 packages; steady;
creamery. 17@lSHc; factory. 14#17c.
EGCS— Receipts, 14.150 packages; steady;
Western at mark; 10@12Hc for average lots;
Western. Joss o(T. HEllVtc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled steady on liberal demand
from exporters but not quotably higher. Cali
fornia dried fruits were quiet and unchanged.
State evaporated apple?, common, 3 !^tfi5c:
prime. n*4«if>U<;; choice OTi^'C'/ic: fancy. 7<jj7'/ic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3Vj?{7c per
lh as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Hoyal. llffI14c; Moorpark. 15«J17C.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14!<?lSc: unpeeled, G®9c.
Sl/J/J//iKK OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
A very fair business -was done on the mom
ing sesrlon of the Bond Exchange. Giant Pow
der sold eff to $64. being ex-dlvidend. The Su
gar stocks were weak. It was reported that
the Giant Powder would soon mike a satis
factory arrangements with the Peyton Chemi
cal Company.
The Oil stocks were neglected and unchanged
In the afternoon Gas & Electrical declireii
to ?1S.
The Mexican Mining Company oas !ev!e«l an
as^f isment of lie.
The Marin County "Water Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 75c per share yesterday
amounting to SlJuP.
The First National Bank paid a semi-an
nual dividend of JO per share yesterday
amounting to S73.C0Q. " *
The Market-street Railroad Company paid a
quarterly dividend of 60c per share yesterdav
amounting to $111,702. ay>
The Rank of (.'altfornla will pny a quarterly
dividend of J4 per share on the Kth. *"="*
The Mount Di.iblo Oil Company (Contra C-n
ta County) has levied an assessment of le m*
share, payable on the STth. ' l i
The Dutch Mining and Milllns Co-ni,**-v
(Tuolumne County) has lev'od an' a^sesS*
of lac per share, payable on the Jots TTTT7?
The Majcnpa Gold Mining Company fTuol
umne. County) haa levied an assessment of £
rer sf.-»re, payable on the 7th of August.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. July 10 - 2 p . m
Bid. Ask. I t,.. , ,
US Bonds- IBjnitOLCo » i kl
ti£fJ'? z •«¦¦!»¦ »D?k,s -
wsati = ~
Continued on Pag- Thirteen.
10
Government Crop Report.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
$2 90@l SO; heifers. J3@5: canners. slow, J"fi>
2 70; bulls. J2@4 50: calves, steady with a week
aso, J4 5CKJG Co. . Texans— Receipts. COO: best on
sale to-day, four cars at $4 S5: Texas fed steers,
steady to 10c lower, $4 30(J?.i 15; Texas grass
steers. $3 60&4 C5; Texas bulls, f 2 SOS 3 35. • ;
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; to-morrow.
27,000:' estimated left over, 30<JO: :opened-strong,
to 5c higher ; closed weak; top, $3 55; mixed
and butchers, J5 20^15 55; good to choice heavy,
$5 2; 1 <g5 SO; rough heavy, Jo lOfto 20; light, Jo 25@
G B2V4; bulk of sales, $3 35(Q5 45.
SHEEP- Receipts, 14.C0O; sheep and lambs
about steady; best lambs firm and 10c higher:
good to choice wethers J4 l Ji4 70; fair to choice
mixed. J3 10#4 20; Western cheep, $3 75@4 60;
Texas sheep, $3 25<?J4: native Iambs, $4 25@6 85;
"Western lambs, JSigti 25.OAKLAND. July 10.— The Board of
Supervisors this morning appointed Dr.
George E. Reynolds of Haywards health
officer of Eden Township for sixty days.
Walter Walters Held.
Walter Walters, who was arrested In
Santa. Rosa for having In his possession
molds for the making of counterfeit nick
els, was held yesterday by United State3
Court Commissioner Heacock to appear
before the United States Grand Jury.
Davis Irregularly Retained.
OAKLAND. July 10.— Attorney William
R. Davis was not legally retained as spe
cial counsel In the suit of the countv of
Alameda against Assessor Henry P. Dal
ton for the collection of alleged withheld
poll tax commissions. There was a vote
of three out of five Supervisors, while the
law requires a two-thirds vote before such
action can ba taken.
. SAILED.
Tuesday. July 11.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. l>al.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. Hongkong, Tla
Tokahama and Honolulu.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Toland Appeal Dismissed.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
judgment of the lower court in the case
of Hugo Huger Toland against Mary J.
Earl et al., with directions to the court
below to dismiss the action. Toland -asked
to have the Probate Court Instructed as
to the distribution of the estate under the
will. The Supreme Court holds that there
Is no reason why Judge Coffey should sit
In equity -to instruct Judge Coffey -In pro
bate what the maker of the will Intended
should be done with bis estate.'
Grades on Silver Heights.
The Board of Public Works recommend
ed to the Board of Supervisors yesterday
that the grades on the streets In the local
ity known as Silver Heights be estab
lished according to specifications prepared
by the City Engineer. Action on the rec
ommendation will be taken at next Mon
day's meeting £fter an Investigation has
been made by the Street Committee.
OAKLAND, July 10.— The tax rolls of
the county of Alameda' for the present
year have been completed and most of
the books have been turned over to the
Board of Supervisors by the County As
sessor. The recapitulation of the assess
ment figures will not be completed until
to-morrow, but It Is certain that the as
sessments will be at least $2,000,000 more
than last year. There is no decrease in
the corporation assessments..
TAX ROLLS FOR THE
YEAR ARE COMPLETED
Kitty Turner Arraigned.
Kitty Turner arraigned In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday on the charge
of assault to murder for stabbing James
Turner, her pseudo husband. In the Topic
saloon, 282 O Farr^ll street, Sunday morn
ing. The case. was continued till to-mor
row. Turner is improving at the French
Hospital. Leon Franks, proprietor of the
Topic saloon, called upon Chief Sullivan
yesterday and handed to him the dirk
knife and revolver which Turner had In
his pockets when the fight commenced.
He explained that his bartender found
them and hid them till yesterday.
SAYS BROTHFR-IN-LAW
BETRAYED HIS TRUST
Mrs. M. A. Clancy Wants Timothy J.
Clancy Arrested on a Charge
of Forgery.
Mrs. M. A. Clancy. 930V4 Mission street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Tim
othy J. Clancy, her brother-in-law, on
the charge of forgery. He Is believed to
be In the neighborhood of Sausaltto, and
the authorities there were asked to arrest
him.
Mrs. Clancy was left considerable prop
erty by her father, and she allowed her
brother-in-law to look after It. He ob
tained a number of. chattel mortgages In
her name, but becoming involved In civil
suits It Is alleged that he forged her name
to releases or chattel mortgages, using
the money for his own purposes.
The particular offense of which he Is
accusod Is that of forging her name to a
deed to a lot on the Bemal Rancho. given
to R. J. Graf, a clerk for Jake Rauer. the
consideration being $10. The transfer was
made on July 6. and the peculiar thing
about It Is that Mrs. Clancy Is alleged to
have signed it Jn the presence of Eugene
Levy, notary public In the Mills building.
BERKELEY, July 10.— At a meeting of
the Boa»\3 of Trustees last n'ght the report
of the committee recommending a* a
f-rhool *it<> the lot on thr> southwest corner
cf I>c Roy and Virginia streets, 125 feet on
J-e Roy and 1U) feet on Virginia, was
adopted. The price was $30^0.
Tho petition for the opening of Walnut
ttrret, fn,m Hf-arst avenue to the Cni
vereity, created considerable discussion,
end was finally held for consideration un
til the next regular meeting.
School Site Selected.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Mrs. Henrietta M.
J.,ueas of Frukvaie has caused her hus
band. John M. Luca.«. to be cited to ap
r-ear be-fore the Superior Court and show
cause why he should not be declared In
canpetesL She alleges that her husband
Is likely to be swindled by artful persons,
llif estate consists of an Intercut In the
<Jolden Gate Pla.-ter MHIp of San Fran
cisco, valued at about $20,000. .
Said to Be Incompetent.
OAKLAND. July 10.— Annie C. Roos
commenced suit to-day from Otto A. Roos.
She a!k-g«-s failure to provide.
Louisa Martin applied this afternoon
for a d.vone from John S. Martin on the
ground of cruelty.
Mary C. Kearney ha* brought suit for a
divorce from Thomas W. Kearney on the
ground of rxtr'-me rruoJtv
Wives Want Divorces.
OAKLAND. July 10. -The estate of the
late Marian Agues Touchard has been ap
j.raised by L. G. Burpee. E. A. Heron and
John L. Bromley at $23,223 go. It consists
cf railroad bonds, cash and real estate In
Alameda and Santa Clara counties
Totichard Estate Appraised.
WONG FAMILY HONOR
THEIR DEAD "COUSINS"
The annual requiem service for the dead
of the Wong family was held In China
town last evening. The ceremonies were
elaborate and the principal feature was a
gorgeous street parade, in which robed
priests and children In fancy garments
participated. The line of march was past
several places where the members of the
Wong family had congregated to do honor
to their dead. After the Josshouses had
been visited the mourners repaired to a
restaurant, where a sumptuous banquet
was served.
LITTLE GIRL IS
¦J HORRIBLY BURNED
BERKELEY. July 10.— Theresa Maren
go, the 6-year-old daughter of Simon Ma
rengo of 2216 Sixth street, is In a danger
ous condition resulting from Injuries she
received last week. On the Fourth ot
July, while playing with some powder It
exploded and the flames Ignited the cloth-
Ing of the child. Before assistance coulo
be called the flames enveloped her body,
burning off all her clothes, singeing her
hair and scorching her face. The child's
body was badly blistered, the skin In
pla<*es peeling off with the burned cloth
ing. She may not survive the shock.
Installation of Bed Men.
BERKELEY. July 10.— Cherokee Tribe
JCo. ioi. Ktd Men of tb« World, held a pub
lic installation of officer? at American Hall
last evening. The n*-w officers are:
Prophet. Paolo Salisbury; sachem, Percy
Botts: senior sagamore. Albert Seelig;
t'tr.lur sasamore. Frank McAllister; chief
<<f records. Georg<- Farren; keeper of warn.
j>um. Dr. J. •-». Jess<up. At tli<_- banquet
which followed Hermann Gutstadt spoke
on "The Improved Order of Red Men."
Porter D. Bliss on "The Proere -s of the
Order in California." and E. Lastreto on
"Tne Fraternity."
OAKLAND. July 10.— Dr. John F.
Kitchlr.gs and Dr. O. D. Hamlin were re
itppoir.ted m< mr»»rs of the Board of
Health by Mayor Snow this afternoon,
lioth physicians hpv»? served on the Board
cf Health tor two years and have made
Kood records. Their reappointment is
popular.
In Drs. Kitrhings and Ham
lin. Mayor Snow appreciated the value of
harmony in the board and the advantage
nf retaining an expert on smallpox and
liubonSc diseases:. L»r. Ktvlilngs has
served two years as president of the
Board of Healtn.
REAPPOINTMENTS ON
THE BOARD OF HEALTH
OAKLAND. July 10.— The marriage of
Miss Emma Morgan and Hart H. North
took place this afternoon at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. C. B.
Morgan, 754 Fourteenth street. The wed
ding was a quiet affair, owing to the seri
ous illness of Mr. North's father. The
drawing room, where the wedding was
celebrated, was tastefully decoratou. Tha
voung couple were married beneath a trio
vt floral wedding bells. The bridegroom
Is United States Commissioner of Immi
gration at San Francisco, and has twice
represented Alameda Countv In the State
Legislature. Professor T. R. Bacon of the
University of California officiated. Miss
Ethel Olney was bridesmaid and Arthur
North attended the groom. Mr. and Mrs.
North left this evening for Shasta, and
on their return will make their home In
Oakland.
A tally-ho party _drove to San Leandro
last Saturday. The pleasure seekers were:
Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Vandercook. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Melvin. Mr. and Mrs. Gar
dener, Mr. and Mrs. Bonnestel, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Mayhew, Mrs, Lemon, Miss
Gray. Miss Florence Starr. Miss Catherine
Stewart. Bert Stone, Robert McMulIen,
Asa V. Mendenhall. Lewis Allen and Will
Ireland.
Miss May Perkins, daughter of Senator
George C. Perkins, returned to' Oakland
lau«=t Saturday after a season spent in
Washington.
Mrs. Young and Miss Lettle Early of
Washington, D. C. are the guests of Sen
ntor and Mrs. Perkins and will accom
pany them to Alaska about the loth of
July.
bpeaker Hr nderpon of the House of Rep
r"su>ntatives xind Mrs. Henderson. Con-
Er^ppman and Mrs. McPherscn are en
route from New York. They will visit
Senator nnd Mrs. P«*rklns.
Mrs. John P. Irish and Miss Frances
Irteh are home after a few weeks' visit
to their country place at Applegate.
The Oakland Club will meet to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock at 1119 Jefferson
street. The subjfet of "Vacation Schools"
will be dlFcussed.
BERKELEY, July 10.— Miss Jessie Ger
trude Turner ond Frederick Octavlus
Hurt were united In marriage last even-
Ing at the home of the bride's parents.
222J> Dwight way. Rev. W. F. McClure
of Truckee officiated. The bride gradu
ated from the University of California In
'97. Mr. Hurt Is the private secretary of
the manager of the Iron Mountain mine
at K^swlck. After a short honeymoon the
young couple will reside at Shasta.
The wedding of Miss Bertha dishing
end W. J. Kuykendall took place thlfl
evening at the home of Mrs. Harrows ''023
Haste. Ftreet. Only the Intimate friends
cf the parties were present. Rev. J. R
Knodell of the Pilgrim Congregational
Church of Oakland officiated. Jay Spang-
Icr was best man and -Miss Iva Still of
Oakland bridesmaid.
jH. jM. jNORJfl WEDS
dertake the collection of rates In excess of those
prescrilM-d by the ordinance they would be re
sisted at every point hy the consumers of wa
ter, and thus be driven to Innumerable actions
at law. Hesldes, should they, in any Instance,
succeed In collecting, without an action, a
higher rate than the ordinance prescribes. It
Is equally certain that they would thereby
bring upon themselves protracted and heavy
litigation, having for Its object forfeiture of
their entire system of works. Surely these in
juries are Irreparable, and actions at law, so
far as from being adequate to the exigencies
of the situation, are. as complainants In their
brief forcibly put it, 'mere mockeries of a
remedy.' "
Judge Hart quoted Justice McKenna on
the question of a bond to protect rate
payers, nnd said he had no doubt a prop
erfy conditioned bond would secure the
consumers. He added:
There Is not the slightest doubt in my mind
about this; and, it being true, the rights of all
parties to this litigation will certainly be am
ply protected by an order for a preliminary
Injunction. The equity presented by the uncon
tradlcted affidavits unquestionably entitles
plaintiff to this temporary relief. It does not
necessarily follow, however, that the state
ments alleged In the affidavit of Watklnson
to have been made by the members of the eald
Council are true. They may be successfully
controverted at the trtal; but, as I have here
tofore said, standing unlmpeaehed by counter
affidavits in this Interlocutory proceeding, the
showing Is, In my opinion, clearly sufficient to
warrant the action of the court.
Attorney Hayne Insisted upon a $100,000
bond, but not until a squabble with At
torneys Moore and McCutcheon as to the
amount was his figure accepted by the
court. The Injunction goes Into effect as
soon as the water company's sureties
have been approved.
to wit: The plaintiff herein and the Oak
land Water Company: that, after a spirited
competition Tor some time, a combination
was effected between them, that Is. the
Oakland Water Company was merged m:o
the Contra Costa Water Company.
An Important question arises here. It is
Incumbent upon the plaintiff to show, '.y
a satisfactory preponderance of evidence,
that all the property to which it refers In
us complaint Is essential for the supplying
of water to the city of Oakland and its
Inhabitants, etc. If It should thus fail to show
that It was Incapable of supplying the city
and Its inhabitants with water Independent
of the Oakland Water Company's plant,
etc then In that event, the latter could
not be considered as one of the elements
upon which the measure of compensation
should be based.
It will thus be seen that It Is oulte mate
rial to the case that all of the facts which
may be contained in any books, documents,
etc. of the plaintiff which relate to Its
property, its capacity to furnish water pre
vious to Its consolidation with the Oakland
Water Company and Its capacity since, and
all other matters throwing any light upon
Its facilities for transacting the businesa
for which it was organized are indeed very
material not only to the issues generally but
to the defense of the suit.
It Is unnecessary to take up seriatim the
numerous specifications contained In the
moving; papers, but It is sufficient to say
that a careful examination of the plead
ings and the specifications convinces me that
the defendants should be accorded the right
to examine not only the books containing
the receipts, showing the revenue derived,
the books containing the operating expenses,
the books containing; the cost of construc
tion, etc., but also any and all other books
which may disclose the actual amount of
property of all kinds and the uses to which
It has been put referred to In th« complaint
as constituting the plant of plaintiff.
THE Contra Costa Water Company's
application for an Injunction to
restrain an enforcement of the
water rates fixed for this year
has been granted, as predicted by
The Call, by Superior Judge Hart. The
order, made to-day, In effect, accord
ing to the water company's attorneys,
wipes the present water rate ordinance off
the books. It leaves the city without a
rate pending the trial and gives the water
company the extraordinary privilege of
charging any rate it shall please, without
interference by the city or by any rate
payer.
President J. H. T. Watkinson and Wil
liam J. Dingee of the water company de
clared as soon as Judge Hart had signed
the order that they would immediately
proceed to collect upon the rates of last
year's ordinance. They claimed flatly
that this ordinance was now In effect, be
cause the Injunction had swept aside,
temporarily, at least, the rates over
which suit has been brought.
The injunction, which has so sweeping
an effect upon the ratepayers of Oakland,
will stand unJ the final settlement of th«
litigation, unless the counsel for the cuy
shall secure an immediate hearing on ap
peal to the Supreme Court and b. favor
able opinion there. The first step to that
end was taken by Attorney Hayne when
he made an exception to the order, as
eoon as Judge Hart had delivered his
opinion. That opinion is based almost en
tirely upon the aflidavit of President J. H.
T. Watklnson, who quotes purported In
terviews with Councilmen bearing upon
the manner of fixing the. rates.
Under the terms of the decision the or
dinance stands as an invalid and Illegal
law. Of course, his Is only a one-sided
aspect of the situation. The injunction
rests upon this phase of the case, how
ever, and It simply and plainly gives into
the hands of the Contra Costa Water
Company all that the corporation has
been trying to secure since this suit was
brought. .
The water company was given a rate
this year about 25 per cent lower than
la«t year's figures. Its putt is to annul
this year's ordinance. That has already
been accomplished by this injunction pro
ceeding, and the rate-payers apparently
have no redress. The company will com
mence to collect rates under the old ordi
nance to-morrow.
The attorneys for the city have not de
cided what move will next be made. The
City Attorney's office is of the opinion
that the former ordinance lapsed of Itself
on June 30, and that the water company
must wait until the suit Is determined
before It can collect rates.
The order of restraint goes much fur
ther than to merely prevent the city from
enforcing the lower rates. It specifically
declares that injunction is against inter
ference with the company "for collecting
rates otherwise than as established by
said ordinance."
The opinion of Judge Hart shows how
effectively the water company has fas
tened itpelf upon the rate-payers of Oak
land. The very opening sentence of the
opinion says: "This Ib a motion for an
order pending the determination of this
eult, and until the rendition of final Judg
ment herein."
judge Hart says:
This application Is based upon certain affi
davits and the pleadings in the case. It Is
alleged In the complaint, among other things,
that the ordinance which is the subject of this
litigation has fixed the maximum rates at
which water must be furnished by the- plaintiff
to the city of Oakland and Its Inhabitants so
low as to prevent the plaintiff from deriving
• rr»a*onr.blo and Just comiu'iisation for the
ANTICIPATION AND REALIZATION REGARDING THE WATER COMPANY'S BOOKS. i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. July 10.
An early hearing of Horace W. Phil
brook's application to be appointed
guardian of the Merritt children was de
nied this morning by Judge Ellsworth a
point thus being scored against Horaeo
W. Phllbrcok. Phtlbrook opposed a con
tinuance, and when he saw that It was
inevitable urged that the cases be set for
as early a date as possible. There wa*
considerable legal sparring before Attor
ney Emll Nusbaumer was successful In
his motion for a continuance.
When the application for guardianship
of the Merritt children was called by
Judge Ellsworth this morning Attorney
V,'. B. Boseley stated that he appeared aj
the representative of Frederick A. Meirut
and his children. He said that he had
been served on June IS with a notice that
an amended petition for guardianship
would be filed, but not until yesterday
afternoon was he handed a copy of the
a mended 1 petition. The petition, he de
clared, was a voluminous document, con
taining 1 much scandalous and Immaterial
matter, to which he had not had time to
prepare an answer. He asked for a con
tinuance on these groundsi.
Before passim? upon Attorney Bosc'ey'*
request Judge Ellsworth wanted to know
if the application for the guardianship of
James P. Merritt could not be heard at
the same time. Philbrook said nay, aa
there were separate Issues Involved.
Here Attorney Emll Nusbaumer inter
posed, saying:
"Mr. Frick and I appear on behalf of
James P. Merritt and his two minor chil
dren. Our position Is the same as that 'f
Mr. Boseley. Some time ago I was seived
with a copy of an amended petition, but it
differed from that filed Saturday. I had
prepared an answer to the document left
with me. but have not had time to answer
the one filed."
"How Is It. Mr. Phflhrook. that there are
two amended petitions?" asked the court.
In explanation Philbrook stated that
when he served Attorney Nusbaumer with
the amended petition he was prepared to
go on with the case, but since then he had
secured additional Information and had
made some changes In the petition.
Judge Ellsworth remarked that it was
not unreasonable to ask for a continuance,
as Attorney Nusbaumer could not be ex
pected to prepare an answer to sa-jh a
lengthy document within two days. Con
sidering the bulk of the document, h«j said.
It must contain a great amount of imma
terial matter.
"I think It no more than right that this
case should go over until after the sum
mer vacation," said Xusbaumer. "Gravo
charges are made against my partner.
Gf-orge W. Reed, and I think he should be
given an opportunity to answer theso
scandalous accusations."
"He has had plenty of time to answer."
retorted Philbroo'k. "I have served him
with a subpoena requiring him to appear
in this case."
""iou served him on the 'eve of hu» tie
parture for the East," answered Attorney
Nusbaumer.
The argument was shortened by Juds:e
Ellsworth, who continued the hearing of
both petitions until July 31. The court de
elated that the attorneys for the accused
were certainly entitled to time to answer
the cliatges made against them.
CONTINUANCE GRANTED
IN MERRITT CASE
BIG COMBINATION OF
REDWOOD LUMBERMEN
OAKLAXD, July 10.— The principal red
wood lumber companies of the Pacific
Coaft have comuined In a determined ef
fort to boom the ?ale of redwood in the
Eestern markets, and will soon incor
j.omte. The co-operation of the lumber
man 15 the direct result of the failure of
the proposed combination to buy all the
r*"iwood fore?t? and mills of the State,
¦which attempt was not successful because
tf the inability cf the Eastern men inter
ested to raise in* necessary capital.
The it 5 *' corporation will be known as
the Redwood Exporting Company and will
he organized w'tn a capital stock of $250,
<»'>. most of which has been subscribed.
3t is beljpv^d that a market can be found
In th<? East for thirty or forty million feet
cf r*d«OOd lumber each year.
OAKLAND, July 10.— The bellpunch
and motorbar were put aside for
several hours last evening by sev
,eral hundred members of the Car-
men's Social and Benevolent Soci
ety, who went to assist In the Installation
of officers of that growing organization
at Gler's Hall. Refreshments and dancing
followed the installation ceremonies. The
officers installed are:
J. W. Glllogly. president: George McHale.
superintendent; W. E. Watkins, foreman:
Oeorge Urown. conductor: William Kreuper,
Inside doorkeeper: R. O. Watkins. outside door
keeper; George Cornell, receiver; J. \V. Smith,
treasurer; Daniel Hughes, secretary.
The following statement of J. W. Gil
logly, who was Instrumental in organiz
ing the society and has served two terms
ns president, explains its alms and pur
poses:
Th« Carmen's Social and Benevolent Society
Includes In Us membership nearly 5fiO men. all
conductors and motormen employed on the
lines of the street car companies of Alameda
County. The society was organized two years
bro last February by eight or ten street car
men. who constituted the nucleus for what has
since developed Into one of the most Influential
poclal and beneficial ' societies In the State.
It has been a godsenl to scores of men work
ing on the cars. It has relieved the wants of
many wives and children. It has given the
men protection. In cases of sickness cr death
among them It has paid their doctor's bills
or jriven them fitting burial.
The carmen have been drawn Into closer fel
lowship through the society. Harmony pre
vails where formerly there was discord. Men
have been helpefl Into positions. -They have
confidence In themselves.
Weekly meetings are held where the men
gather to transact their business and enjoy a
social hour or two. free from evil Influence and
associates. For the nominal sum of 50 cents a
month a member is entitled tt> a $6 weekly sick
benefit. The death benefit Is 173. In case the
amount allowed by the laws of the society Is
not sufficient to relieve a member from distress
he Is voted an additional rum.
In a financial way the society has been ex
ceptionally fortunate, havlngr on hand at pres
ent a large surplus. It Is the purpose to *rect
a building In the near future. If the public Is
as liberal In the patronage of the society*! balls
and entertainments In the future aa It has been
In the past. It Is only a question of a short time
when the scheme will be realized.
The watchwords of the society are charity
and unity and it Is the endeavor of the mem
bers to live up to them. Each m#mber wears
a button with an embossed car upon It In the
lapel of Ms coat. i
The officers of the Oakland Transit Compmy
have shown their good will toward ths society
by aiding it In Its various undertakings.
PRINTERS' UNION
REMOVES A BOYCOTT
OAKLAND. July 10.— The printers" un
ion of this city recently blacklisted a
number of publications that are printed
in non-union offices. While the union is
continuing Us crusade apainst several of
these papers. It has issued a notice Je
ciaring off the boycott" «gainst the Postal
Bulletin, published by employes of. the
Oakland Pcstofttce. The publishers of
that papfr have transferred their work to
a union ostablinhrm-nt and there is no fur
ther cause for complaint.
The recently organized union of retail
ckrks held a meeting last evening at tne
(.Jalir.do Hotel. A committee was ap-
I-oir.ted to prepare circulars for distribu
tion among all the retail clerks of the.
city urging them to join the union, which
i* incrras;ns in membership. It Is ex
pected that before Its charter arrives
many more clerks will have signed the
roll.
Objects oF Organization Are
Set Forth by the Past
President.
CARMEN INSTALL
THEIR OFFICERS
Contra Costa Water Company Is Given
Authority to Collect at Old Rates
From the Consumers.
, Plaintiff's motion for an injunction
pending the trial of this action having
> heretofore l^pn argued and submitted,
. and it appearing to the court that If
the plaintiff shall recover in this action
, great arid irreparable Injury will be
FUMaine<] hy it unless an Injunction be
¦ granted pending the trial as hereln
, after provided, and It further appear
ing to the court that as a condition to
» the Issuance of said injunction plaintiff
, should execute a bond and undertak
ing in the sum of $100,000, with two
v sureties, to the effect that plaintiff will
pay to the defendants such damages
not exceeding $100,000 as they may bus
> tain by reason of the injunction, if the
( court shall finally decide that plaintiff
not entitled thereto, and further
' conditioned that if the court shall
. finally decide that plaintiff was not en
titled to said injunction that plaintiff
• will pay to the city of Oakland and to
, any Inhabitant of or rate-payer in the
city of Oakland, any damages which
> it. he or she mny sustain, not exceeding
<=aid sum of $100,000. by reason of plaint
iff collecting from It, him or her for
• water furnished to It. him or her, any
sum or rate in excess of the rates
' purported to be established by the or
% dlnance described in this complaint.
Now. therefore, it Is hereby ordered
that upon the execution of a bond con
v dltloned as herein provided, to be ap
proved by a Judge of the Superior Court
• of the StatP of California, in and for
> the county of Alameda. an Injunction
issue out of and under the «?al of this
court, enjoining and restraining the de
( fendants, their agents, servants, at
torneys, officers and employes pending
• the trial of this case and until the
further order pf this court, from enforc
ing or causing to be enforced, or from
In anywise attempting to enforce the
, ordinance set forth and referred to in
the complaint, which ordinance wa»
passed to print on the 5th day of March,
. l?O0. and finally patted on the 24th of
March, 1900; and from enforcing or
causing to be enforced, or In anywise
, attempting to enforce the rates cr any
of the rates fixed or purported to be
fixed or established by said ordinance,
and from enforcing or attempting to
enforce or from In anywise causing to
be enforced any forfeiture of the plaint
iff's franchise or works, for failure or
' refusal of plaintiff to obey said pur
ported order, or for collecting rates
otherwise than as established by said
ordinance nnd from attempting directly
or Indirectly to compel or require the
plaintiff to furnish water to the city
. of Oakland or Its inhabitants at the
rates fixed or established, or pretended
to be flxfd or established by Bald order.
. To all cf which defendants duly ex
ceited.
Done in open court, this 10th day of
July, A. I). 1900.
E. C. HART, Judge.
Oakland's Attorneys Can Go Through
the Corporation's Books, If They
Can Find Any to Go Through.
Th» defendants" motion for the in
spection and copies of plaintiff's
books having come on regularly to be
heard, and having been argued on both
sides and submitted to the court, and
having been duly considered. It Is or- ,
tiered that defendants' said motion be
granted in all respects as specified In
defendants' notice or motion filed In
eald cause on the 11th day of June,
A. D. 13C0. excepting only the first speci
fication of said notice of motion, and
that eald Inspection and copies be
made by the defendants' expert ac
countants, W. A. M. Van Bookelen and
J. C. Crandall, and be made between the
hours of 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. and from
2 p. m. to 6 p. m. of each business
day from the date of this order to the
10th day of September, 1900.
E. C. HART.
Judge of the {Superior Court. Presiding
in Department Three.
, Dated July 10, A. U im
OAKI^AXD, July 10.— If the Contra
Costa Water Company has any rec
ords, books or accounts not in the
ash pile, they are now open to the
inspection of the city's experts. Judge
Hart to-day granted, as predicted by The
Call, the motion of Attorney Hayne in
that regard. The significant statement
was made by Attorney McCutcheon. for
the water company, that "such books as
the company has would be produced"— a
very significant remark.
In granting permission to Inspect the
books, Judge Hart salu:
As I etated from the bench on the day
upon which this hearing was had, the show
ing here made, considered In connection
with the allegations of the pleadings and
the Issues thereby made. Is sufficient to
authorize an order for an inspection of the
books, records and documents enumerated
In the demand.
It is my opinion that the description of
the books, etc.. desired to be Inspected, is as
specific and accurate as It was In the power
of the defendants to make In the moving
papers; in fact, it would be Impossible to
make a more definite description.
As to the materiality of the records and
accounts of which Inspection Is demanded.
It seems clear to me— assuming, as I have a
right to, from the very nature of things,
that the plaintiff keeps books In which are
recorded Its transactions and the property
of all kinds and description used In connec
tion with the operation of Its business— that
the Issues In this cane necessarily show that
such books contain evidence that bears dl
r*K2t!y upon the questions to be determined
in this cause. For Instance. It is alleged
that at one time there were two separate
and distinct water companies competing
against each other In the city of Oakland.
Judge Hart Makes Two Very Important Orders in the Oakland
Water-Rate Case, in Which the City Loses and Wins.
same. The answer denies seriatim all the ma
terial allegations of the complaint. It is con
tended by the defendant that, where the unswer
denies all the equltlfa of the eomnlalnt, the
court is not authorized to grant an order for
an injunction pendente lite. On the other
hand. It is claimed that where there is a show
ing, independent of the pleadings, that a party
will suffer Irreparable injury pending the de
termination of the questions Involved In the
litigation, unless the act complained of is re
strained. It is not only within the power, but
that It is tfce duty of the court to grant an in
junction pendente lite.
It was also argued by counsel that the de
fendants were in no way concerned In the en
forcement of the terms of the ordinance, and
that,- therefore, there Is no occasion for any
res train Inn? order against them; that the power
and duty of the city ended with the passage of
the ordinance. '
There Is no doubt of the correctness of the
rule stated by counsel that, where the answer
denies all the equities of the bill, there can be
no injunction, except in canes of special clr
cunistances, or where an Injunction Is granted
without notice upon the filing of a complaint,
and an answer ia afterward filed, denying all
the equities of the complaint, that the Injunc
tion will be dissolved on motion. But where
a sufficient showing: by affidavit or otherwise
is made, independent of the pleadings, the case
does not come within the rule Just stated.
So far as the matters contained In affidavits
on Hie herein are concerned, the defendants
made no counter showing, and rested their re
sistance to this application upon the pleadings
and the sufficiency of said affidavits. The af
fidavit of J. II. T. Watklnson, president of the
plaintiff, sets forth statements alleged to have
been made over the signatures of ten members
of the City Council, nine of whom voted for the
ordinance In question, to the effect that the
ordinance had been voted for and passed by
said Council without any Investigation having
been previously made of the reasonableness or
unreasonableness of the rates fixed thereby. In
other words, assuming the facts set forth in
this affidavit to be true, which, for purposes of
this motion I am of the opinion that I am com
pelled to do, in the absence of any counter
showing, the board arbitrarily fixed the rates
without any consideration of the rights of the
plaintiff in the premises.
It does not follow, however, that because no
notice is necessary the board are for that rea
son excused from applying to corporations or
individuals Interested to obtain all Information
necessary to enable It to act Intelligently and
fairly in the fixing of rates. This Is its plain
duty and a failure to make the proper effort
to procure all necessary information, from
whatever source, may defeat Its action. Both
the corj>orat!on and the Individuals furnishing
the water, as well as the public who must pay
for Its use, are entitled to a careful and honest
effort on the part of the board to obtain such
Information and to have It act accordingly.
(Spring Valley Water Works, Respondent, vs.
City and County of San FYanclsco et al., ap
pellants, S2 Cal.. page 316.)
As to the point that the city and Its Council
are not enforcing the ordinance, an answer Is
found In the language of I'nlted States District
Judge Welborn of the Southern District of Cal
ifornia in his opinion in the case of Los An
geles City Water Company vs. City of Los
Anceles, ns follows: "It is idle to say that
relief cannot be had In equity because the
power and duty of the city ended with the
passing of the ordinance and no effort Is now
b»Mng made by the city for its enforcement.
The ordinance, by reason of the severe pains
and penalties which apparently fortify It. Is
daily, hourly and momentarily enforcing Itself.
The defendants must either submit to the terms
of the ordinance or incur unusually onerous
expenditures. It is reasonably certain that If,
with the ordinance standing, they were to un-
CANNOT INFORCE WATER RATES,
BUT CAN EXAMINE THE BOOKS
Oakland Office San Frand?co Call,
1113 Broadway. July 10.
An armed guard patrols to-night th»
¦walks In front of the residence of Charles
R. Allen, the wholesale coal merchant, at
the sni>thwest corner of Lake and Oak
streets. The place is In the exclusive
Lakeside- district, and the situation has
elements of mystery about it which vtvid-
Iy recall the strange episode that created
no end of excitement at the same house
some months ago.
It is suspeuKd that the mysterious ax
wielder who made a murderous attack at
this same place upon Henry K. Belden,
the prominent insurance man, is again
abroad in the land, and has selected for
another strange assault this same local
ity. Who the man with the ax N the
police have never been able to discover.
They have additional reason to wonder
over the exciting circumstances of an en
counter which occurred at midnight last
night at the Allen residence.
A company of Chinese house servants,
two of whom are employed by the Aliens,
were returning from a trip to Chinatown.
Shortly before midnight they separated,
the Allen servants leaving their compan
ion on Oak street Just below the corner of
Lake. They then started to enter the
house and go to bed when one of them
espied a moving figure In the shadowy
light from an electric lamp across the
way. The figure was that of a man. He
was carrying what appeared to resemble
an ax.
As the two Chinese walked up the stde
entrance to the house they were seen by
the mysterious prowler, who suddenly
turned away from the door and ran
toward them. The startled Mongols fled,
instead of trying to get into the house.
They alarmed the police by their cries,
but the intruder had disappeared with
his weapon before any of the posse of
blue-coats were at hand.
The frightened servants were sent home
under police escort after they had run
several blocks from the house. A close
search of the neighborhood was made,
but no trace of the mysterious ax enr
rler was found. It was believed he had
made his way through the thick under
growth and trees alonj? the edpes of Lak'i
Merritt, the banks of which run along the
opposite side of the street from the Allen
residence. The police are nonplussed over
the Incident. The Allans are equally in
the dark concerning the strange visitor,
and the Lakeside district \s agog with ex
citement over the supposed reappearance
of this uncanny "man with the ax."
The Allen residence is isolated. It ls» one
of the most attractive places In the ex
clusive fashionable section of the city.
Much prominence hns been Riven to the
locality because of the strange mMnlsrht
Belden episode. Shortly after that oc
curred the Beldens cave up the home
•which they had beautified at no little out
lay. It has h*en occupied by the Aliens
for nearly a ye.'ir. Because of last night's
occurrence, an-1 at the desire of the Al
iens, an armed watchman has been sta
tioned there to surprise and capture the
unknown should he make another visit to
the place.
Policeman Schumer, who has been
working on the case, stated to-nl^ht that
he was satisfied that the man who at
tacked the Allen residence answers the
description of the mysterious* man with
the ax who attacked the house several
months ago.
Two Chinese Servants Meet Armed
Prowler and Startle Neighbor
hood and Attract Police by
Their Outcries.
Great Excitement in Lake
side District Aroused in
Consequence.
MYSTERIOUS AX
MAN ABROAD III
OAKLAND AGAIN
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 10.
The members of the Board of Super
visors arc preparing for the Congressional
primary to be held August 14. Supervisors
Wells and Takott have arranged the elec
tion precincts and appointed election of
licers as follows:
FIRST DISTRICT.
Washington Precinct, polling place I. O. O. F.
Hall. Irvington— Inspector, M. McCull ID.):
ballot clerk, \V. Hlaeow (R-); Judges. Charles
IJond CD.), Robert Anderson (It.); clerks. James
Hudson U-M James Smith <R.).
Mission Precinct, polling place A. O. V. W.
Hail— Inspector, <"harles Ucz (1).); ballot clerk,
E. \V. Btelnmets <It.); judges. (1. V.\ Kraft,
<l>..> E. A. WfSFellng iR.): clerks, Thomas
Hyrne <l>.). John CJaU^Jo (R-).
.Newark I'reoiiict, polling place Lawrence's
building— Inspector, Daniel T. ROM <I>.>; bal
lot clerk. Charles Corkifar (It.); Judges, J. \V.
• Jrahani (JX). O. P. Ingraham tK.J; clerks, F.
i Fu!ky U>..l. Oeorge Waies iR.).
I Nile* l'recinot. polling place I. O. O. F. Hall—
Inspector. Itrael Richards (D.); ballot clerk,
M. Borees <n.); judges, J. K. Thane (D.), W.
H. Ford iR.); clerks. J. E. Brlecoe iD.), Charles
Evans iR.).
Alvarado Precinct, polling place I. O. O. F.
Hall— Inrpector. F. Wepnan (!».): ballot clerk.
George Althausen (R.); Judges, A. W. Lassen
(D.). F. ii. Granger (11. K clerks, John Bu
chanan (f).). F. C. Harvey tR,).
O-nterville Precinct, polling place at Tcwn
Hall— Inspector. Ii. Dupterrxrrj- Pr. <L>.): bal
lot clerk. W. AV. Walton <R~); Judges. Manuel
Olivelra (D.), John Santos (R.>; clerks, J. M.
Norris (!>.). R. T. Moses (R.).
Decoto Precinct, polling place not yet chosen—
Inspector, Henry May <D. ); ballot clerk. John
11. Peterson; judges. Joseph H. Smith, John C.
\\ hippie; clerks. J. B. Halne«. John H. Hayes.
Ple&santon Precinct, Nos. 1 and ft polling
place Town Hall- Inspector. J. R. Palmer (D. \;
ballot cleik. A. B. Lewis (Ii.): Judges. Charles
Powell (L>.). August Bemal iR.); clerks, K. H.
CHSterson <R.). John Bradshaw il>. >.
t'unol Precinct, polling place not yet chosen—
Inspector, C. I'oherty <D); ballot clerk. V. \V.
Chamberlain (R.); judges. W. J. Collier (P.).
M. K. C. Tensler iR. ); clerks. Georce Kims
<I>. ). George Cunningham <R.).
Livermore No. 2 and Murray Xo. ], polling
places rut yet ch.w-n— Ir.?i«ctor, John D. Ryan
<I>); ballot clerk. William McDonald (R.);
Judges. Hugh McMurray (D.), John Galvroy
• It.> ; clerks, George Beck <I).). >.*. 1). Outch
er (R.).
Livermore No. 1 and Murray No. 2— Inspector,
Jffse Bowles <D.); ballot clerk, Albert Wey
mouth (R.); judges. Thomas Twohcv t?r (D.),
Amof Clnrk (R.); clerks, John Hayes (L>.). P. .
C. Waltenbaugh iR.).
Altamont Precinct, polling plac Kolb & Co.'s
etnre— Inspector, W, C. Hobbler <D.): ballot
clerk, O. T. Owens (R.); Juflgpp, Ifenry Scul
lion <D). G. Clarjc (R.): clerks, John E. Ken
ne.Jy (L).). Je^se Young (R.).
I>ubltn Precinct, polling place Kolb's store —
Inspector, N. Anderson (D.); ballot clerk, J. B.
McPerwood <R.); judger. Thomas Donlon (D.).
F. H. Clynes <R.); clerks, T. H. Green (D.).
AV. F. Fallon <R.).
The officers for Corral Hollow have not yet
been named.
SECOND DISTRICT.
Frultvale Precinct Xn?. 1. 2 and 3, polling
place hope house So. 1, south side of East
Fourteenth street, between Frultvale avenue
and Hasnett street— Inspector. R. Turnhull;
Judges. John H. Carrlgan, A. C. Bredenmuhl.
clerks. Howard Blxby. Frank Harold; ballot
olerk. J. ?. Marshall.
Brooklyn Precincts Xos. 1 and 2. polling
place stor« in Willow's block, Elmhurst—In
spector. Frank Storer; judges, Thomas E. Raw
>er. V. T. Hraga; clerks. C. T. Harper. William
J. Keating; ballot clerk. Henry Myers.
San Leandro Precincts Nos. 1 and No. 2. poll-
Ing place City Hall- Inspector. O. J. Lynch;
Judges, J. E. Barbierro, David I'ry; clerks, L.
J. Martin, Th<,ma« GUI; ballot clerk. L. God
chaux.
Han Lorenzo, No. 1 and No. 2, and Moun»
En>n No. 1. polling place at Village Hall, San
Lorenzo— Inspector, K. O. Webb: Judges, E. H.
Clawlter. John Matson; clerks, Ed Holland, A.
A. Oliver; ballot c!erk.' Frank O'Connor.
Haywards No. 1 and No. 2 and Mount Eden
No. 2, polling place City Hall. Haywards—In
fpector Alonzo Bradford; Judces, C. Prowse,
P. B. Keating; clerks, A. de Camp, L. D.
Chandler; ballot clerk. J. V. Merle.
<'actro Valley and Palomares, polling place at
Frank Mendall's— Inspector. W. Ott Emerson;
Judges, J. W. Jamleson, M. J. Sequlra; clerks,
O. F. Thomas. J. E. Curry; ballot clerk, Frank
Lavin.
Supervisors Make Appoint
ments for the Election
on August 14
•
Lists of Names From the First and
Second Districts Have Been
Filed With the County
Clerk.
TO WATCH POLLS
AT THE PRIMARY
FOR CONGRESSMAN
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 10.
Loss of sight of one eye, with the other
optic in danger, is the result of a toy
pistol accident on July 4 to Arthur Kiel,
13 years old, the son of C. E. Kiel, resid
ing at 671 Thirty-sixth street.
The Injured boy was playing -with
Charles Burke and Eugene Lancaster.
lads about his own age, at hla home. The
Burke youth had a cap pistol, and it was
the discharge of this apparently harm
less weapon which caused the serious ac
cident to young Kiel. Burke exploded a
cap while pointing the little weapon at
Kiel. A flashing bit of the paper wad
ding blew into Kiel's right eye with such
force that it penetrated the eyeball.
Dr. BrinckerhofT was called to attend
the injured lad and removed the obstruc
tion, but it is believed that the injury to
the delicate organ is so serious that the
sight has been permanently destroyed.
The other eye has been affected sympa
thetically, but there is no grave fear that
the sight will be lost.
The occurrence was purely accidental,
yet its serious result has caused much
distress to the paxents of the boys In
volved.
Arthur Kiel Loses the Sight of 0n3
Optic — The Other Is Affect
ed but May JBa
Saved.
Serious Injury to Thirteen-
Year-Old Boy Inflicted
by a Playmate.
EYE DESTROYED
BY A SHOT FROM
A TOY PISTOL
ALAMEDA, July 10.— The announce
ment that Robert F. Sf.snon. widely
known in thJs city, where he spent his
ci.ildhood days and prew to man's estate,
has forsaken the whirl of society and a
promising career on the operatic stage to
Income a priest of the Catholic church
oomes ah a surprise to his many friends.
lie was ordained April 1 la.=t in a French
Jesuit college in Rome, and la now on his
v.ay to this coast for a visit before enter
ing upon his spiritual duties.
The renunciation of all his brilliant stage
qpportunitiea and devotion <>f his life to
tiie cause of the church has caused won
a« r among his friends in society and in
musical circles, who never even dreamed
cf his takir.p such steps. Mr. Sesnon was
flurated at Santa Clara «.'oH<-g*-. where
lie spent six rears after leaving: the public
Khools of Alameda. His parents were
wealthy and he became a favorite in so
ciety, moving among the best people on
both sides of the bay. He was possessed
of a beautiful tenor voice, which he culti
vated under the ablest instructors, and
v.as often heard at musicales and con
cert*. About six years ago he decided to
edopt a professional career, and with that
end in view went to New York to studv.
After a year of application there he went
to the Milan Conservatory of Music and
studied another year. \\ hen the power
a::d quality of his voice had been proved
Sesnon suddenly changed his mind as
to the pursuit, of a professional career and
entered a French Jesuit college at Rome,
llis three years of study at that institu
tion ended on April 1, when he was or
dained.
"My brother loves music and soupht the
best instruction because of his fondness
for it." said Mrs. Joseph Austin, sister of
Mr. Sesnon. "His determination to ftudy
for the priesthood was inspired by his de
votion to the church and the knowledge
that he could accomplish a great deai
with his voice. He has simply given his
voice to the church."
Mr. Sesnon is a native of California,
having b<-cn born in San Francisco thirty
two years ago. He is a son of the late
Robert Sesnon and Mrp. Katherine S* 1 *.
uon. The family rc-sidence is at 11 Pa
eiiic avenu*.
Robert R Sesnon to Devote
His Life to Cause of
the Church.
«
Ordained April 1 at Rome, Where He
Attended a French Jesuit
College for Three
Years.
GAVE UP STAGE
CAREER FOB THE
PRIESTHOOD
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND
ALAMEDA COUNTY
BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
Health Officer for Haywards.
• • •
• • •
11
J. W. GILLOGLT.THE SAN FKAiNUISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
12
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALE.
ANOTHER Standard callgraph typewriter re-
modeled; prints like new; $23; will send for
trial and examination. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER, 110 Montgomery Ft.
A— BUYS, .^elle or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting; pul.eys.
etc. W1UTKI.AW. 216 Spear st
2ND-IIAND engines, bo!!er3. dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. U. S. Wtute^olS Mission.
VERY hand*cme mountain lion skin rug; price
• S100. info Halght ft.
FOIt sale— First quality sealskin; size 36; al-
most new; bargain. Box 1999. Call office.
S-LB. steel T rail fcr sale cheap. BURNSTIXE
BKOS.. E3S Urannan st.
A— 13 50 DEKBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. pop-
ular Price Hatters. ?.3fi Kearny st.. near Pine.
I TYPEWRITER; No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo'supplles: selling
I cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
$75; concert records. %1 50. Haclgalupi. !)33 Mkt.
! PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof saf*: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FIXE suit. Tl«: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PAM/ORS. 4.T7 Montgomery at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po<t at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 228 Fremont.
MISCISLLA.MSOUS WAKTS.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton »t.
IY you wish full value for vour cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
3IOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16. first
floor Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry *t low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
Ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, let or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
EONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 1*0 Kearny. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and planes without removal; quick
service ;*money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
es and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. 'Wilson, rm. 101. S Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels etc. R. 6G3. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St., solves all kinds of
financial problems; Id mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without . security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indor&er. MORRF.LL. C09 Examiner building.
i ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
j mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
I TO salaried men without collateral cr Indorser.
j S. F. Disco-irt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
" MISICAL I.\STRt'.iiB\TS.
WE have only one of the $1S3 bargains left now;
If you wr.nt It come at once. MAUVAIS', 763
Market st.
PACKARD organs, for parlor or church use.
are Kay ahead of all others; cases are high
and low; prices are all low. MAUVAIS". 763
Market st.
DECKER & Son, -Packard and Boothe Bros.'
are our great sellers; call and see the fine
styles and low prices; we have some good
squares at almost your own figure.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Stelnway down to low-
priced malies. and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $S cash. $6 per
month; other pianos. $3 $4 and \Z per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco*
ccr. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; piano?, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A NICE upright $60
A better one 100
Fischer upright, good condition 165
And 50 oth»r good second-hand bargains.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
rnnsrlng from $75 up. take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S. 1315 Market St.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stock
of pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van Ness ave.
SOIIMRR & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabt»r. Haxnll-
ton pianos. 2C3 Post st.. opp. Unlcni square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER Fale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
S1 T PEP.IOR violins, zithers, old and new. h7
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stelnway. 1 Chickerlng, $190; installments
$5 to $10: rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 138 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. S3 payments;
for rent. 12 «r>. BRUENN. 2™< Po>=t st.
OITKICISS AXU S'i'OIUSS— TO LET.
$10 FOR half of centrally located office. Box
19?7. Call office.
PALMISTIIY.
MME. Neergard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; read? 1 to 9. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
i'astuu'age.
300 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
graf ses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER, Antloch. Cal.
PEIISOXALS.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$2 50 LADIES' shoes for $1 50 a pair at the BEE
HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market st.. near Third.
WANTED — Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. £25 Dupont St.
LEDERER is the hairdresser that gives you the
very latest hair styles for 23c; Foamo Sham-
poo Be pks. 122 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward-
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 111. Market st..'
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER sells fine Switches for only $1; make
them of your own hair at a small price.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 31
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness," ln-
somlnla. bilndness. Brlght's disease, mature.
AHLBORN House. 319 to 323 Grant ave —Lead-
Ing German-American hotel cf San Francisco;
$1 per day and up: finest meate i n city. 2vc.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca hair tonic cleanses
gives a fine gloss-, nothing like it: 33c bot. ¦ "
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
E.>0 Market St., second floor, room 37. V
LAD J E 5!, andKents> cas t-off clothing bought and
sold, bllverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 119L
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, room <C7.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at ail druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlng.oirt gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. i.03 Kearny gt.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2CC6 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 333L
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 Page*, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
I'HOTOGUAPIIIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan ko«iak.« free; r.hotn supplies. Hacnu*
>t'!i1lo. U Gewrv ft.. er*n*A »m1 tot) flour*.
PHYSICIANS AXO SURGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OfSce and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Slrth nnd Seventh.
Help wanted — male.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 101 Geary st.
1000 men for railroad work? new work in Ne-.
vada; tunnel men for Los Angeles County:
teamsters for BakersQeld ;«laborers and team-
sters for Coast Read; laborers for S. P. Co.'s
own work; i> a day and up
Ship dally Fc-e *1 Frse Far<?
Mawmill men, blacksmiths, miners, machine
men. stablemen, rarmers, clioremen and oth-
. ers
Cooks, bakers, dishwashers, kitchen men,
waiters, i-ortera, laundrymen and others
C. R. HANSEN &CO 104 Geary Et. ¦
FIFTY wovdsmen J43 and found
f.0 wondchoppors $:>„'. and found
60 roftdmakers in woods $30 and found
half fare paid: see boss at office
C. R. IIANSKN & CO 104 Geary st.
6 LABORERS for factory work. $2 day. flrsl-
tlass job; German attendant for invalid. $"•>;
Uurlelgh drill miners, .«3 day; single iiand j
miners. $2 u0 day: laborers and carmen ft-r
mine, ?2 anil ?2 23 day; stablemen, J:;". and
board and ?30; 3 men and wives for raonrh^s
and private families. $40, $15 and $00: black- |
Kmlths, blacksmith helpers, woodsmen of all
kinds. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. G2S Sacra-
mento Et.
1WO boarding houso cooks, $40 and $3f>; £
ccok£ and wives, country hotels, $S:) and $C>;
rrstavrant cook, $12 a week: waiter and wife,
$10; hotel waiters. $30. fure advanced: res-
taurant wnlters. $30 and $40. and other ho-
tel and restaurant help: bakers ani bakers."
h-lpers and others. J. F. CRO3GTT AGEN-
CY, 628 Sacramento st.
wanted— . . , —
2 laborers for around mine, no experience re-
quired, $2 a day; crosscut sawyer. San Ma-
teo County, $35. see boss at office; «2 pick
and shovel laborers near city, $2 50 a day;
4 farmers for Palo Alto, $20, steady work;
dlchwaBher, country hotel. $23; rough car-
penters ror Hume work, $40 and board; 2
warehouse men for trucking, long Job, coun-
try, |40 and boai-d. W. D. EWER & CO.,
C10 Clay st.
wanted— — — - — '
Laboring men, $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men, $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS,
Keswlck, Shasta Co.. Cal.
"WANTED — Errand boy for wholesale house;
age 15 or 16 years. Address Box 1983, Call.
BARBER wanted: steady. 131 Second st.
BOY with experience to work in drug Etore.
15S Eddy St., corner Taylor. ,
STRONG, energetic younp man to drive double
team; references. Call 21C3 Hyde Bt.
MAN ami wife, fruit ranch. MISS CULLEN.
"25 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS carver and a furniture de-
signer. FINK & SCHINDLER. 1303 Market.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop; can make over
$S per week. 947 Flllmore St., cor. McAllister.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at &C6 Howard, near
First Et.
WANTED — Experienced grocery clerk; refer-
ence; no bar. 2420 California st.
WANTED— Waiter at Helvetia Hotel. 431
Pine st.
PRESSMAN wanted on pants. Room 1. 734
Montgomery st. >
DISHWASHER wanted. New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth St.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 444 Brannan'sL.
Mechanics' Hotel.
A SOLICITOR for merchant tailor. 1215 Mar-
ket St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 906 Kearny et.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, I". S- Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than I feet 4
inches and r.ot over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
Fons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, wrlta
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
ilce. 40 Ellis st., San Francl»:o, Cal.. 530 K
Ft., Sacramento. Cal.. or IOCS J st. .Fresno, Cal.
BARBER wants steady extra Job. Address
box 3576. Call of lice.
FIRST-CLASS body-maker at O'BRIEN & j
PONS', £00 Golden Gate ave.
THREE waiters for first-class country hotel.
See party Russ House between 9 and 1. j
BOY about 16 years old for peddling fruit. Jl 50
to $6 a week. »C3 Natoma St., between Sev-
enth and Eighth, In morning.
WANTED— Steady man: light Indoor work;
will pay $60 per month, with chance of in-
crease; small capital. 101C Market, rorm 10.
WANTED— A good all round blacksmith; good
wage*; steady Job. Apply to J. O'SHEA. Sev-
enteenth and Vermont sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting-, 23c to
foe. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
JEWELERS— 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 627 14th St., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third et. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages while learning: catalogue mallei free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
ALL sl2es men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
nil parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 room?, 25c night; reading room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
llOKiKV Lit i: STOCK, lute I'ur M\le
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, just arrived, welshing from 1000 to
1500 pounds: the horses can be Feen now nt
the Stanlford Stables, 30S-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugeies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
£27 .Sixth st.; auction sales every ¦Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT cf cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CAXTY'S, 2170 Market St.; Castro
Ft. care pass the door.
FINE carriage horse for sale; works single or
double; will not shy. 907 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES — Young, well-hroken. for all purposes;
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSKM TO LET,
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXO FOUND.
WILL the gentleman with the gray sur> who
found ladiea' gold watch at Sixteenth and
Mission sts., return same to 1933 Mission st. ;
reward. :
LOST— 2 pointer pups; 1 brown, 1 epotted. Re-
turn io 3631 Nineteenth St.; reward.
LOST— A large Maltese cat, Sunday. 1219 Fill-
more st.; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRsT~DRncoiIL. removed to 446 Eddy^stTTthe
well-known and reliabls ladles' physician;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; a homt for
patients before and during confinement; con-
sultation free and confidential: hours, !) to 5
and 7 toU; Sundays. 10 to 2. 446 Eddy St., bet:
Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation frw. After all
others fall call on him. 1023Vi Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $3; have, treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007 I / J Market at., near (!th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles* spe-
ciallst; home In conflnment; safe and reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dls-
oases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 701 S-acramento.cor.Kearny;advice free.
DR. and MR?. DAVIES. 122S Market— Ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment $3.
DR. WISE (YS), the ladtes 1 specialist. 1118
Market st. ; every case guaranteed; $•> up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. .115 Mason Ft.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILEKS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSIl & WOLPMAN. 193- 1U7 Fremont stJ
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have n larg? stock of paloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our lloor. ready made:
' we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
¦ also Swedish second slrl: references: city or
country. MISS CULLEN. S25 Sutter st.
A GOOD German woman to cook In a lunch-
hou!<e. club or restaurant: uleep home. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 213 Butter ft.
WOMAN with a child desires a situation en a
ranch. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
A NEAT, respectable German Girl wishes a sit-
uation to astlst in light housework; wages
' $15 to MS. Address 10»i Perlne St.. oft Steiner,
between Sacramento and California.
WOMAN wishes Fltuatlon to da general house-
work In private family. Please call at 12
Eleventh st.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position as house-
keeper tor a Mnall family shcrt distance in
the country. Hox 19M». Call office. .
' WANTED— Hy respectable younj? woman; po-
pltlon as housekeeper In small family. Call
or aadrers E. B., S04 Geary st.
WANTED— By a young woman position to
tei:d bakery store. Call or address E. 11., 8'^
Geary st.
GERMAN girl 14 years old wants a place In a
randy store or bakery or housework. Apply
71S»i Bryant st. '
REFINED youni? lady would like a place as
laily's companion; references given. Address
box 27fl, <"ail cfiloe, Oakland.
EXPERT darner and mender. Box 3.'>65. Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by day, washing or
house cleaning. 611 Turk ft.
WANTED— A child to board; good home;
mother's care. Call 725 Harrison, downstairs.
DHESSMAKINC; — A perfect fitter in tailor and
evening suits. $1 E0 per day. 244 Taylor street.
A PERFECT Vienna dressmaker wishes work
in private families. A'.Mress H. F.. 2116 How-
ard st. Tailor made suits a specialty.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thlr.l st., near Mar-
ket- 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 night; $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
end bagcege to nnd fror.i ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH off.ee for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lonria Ft.
*g EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALK.
RELTARLE young man want* position in prl-
v.-Ue pla>-e: understands care of horses; good
driver- can inllk nv<\ do general work. Ad-
dress J. \V.. box l??0. Call office.
ELDERLY but active man: for yrars foreman
in large vineyards nnd \vin?rles; wants em-
ployment In cellar to essiPt foreman or other
work. Box 19S7. Call office.
YOL'NO man. SI years of age, German descent;
wishes position in private family; under-
stands horses gardening; can furnish best of
references. Box, 1984. Call office.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants situa-
tion on private place: take care of horses,
cows, can run grsollne engine; handy with
tools; best references; letters. Gardener, post
box SS2, S.-in Rafael, Marln Co. '
BAKER— First claps foreman wants dace as
Fuch, bread and cakes: city or country. Ad-
dreFs Baker. 213 Third et. . Oakland.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country. Box 3CC0, Call office.
A JAPANESE as waiter or houseworker In a
family who ppeaks and writes English fluent-
ly, j! K.. 22 Prospect ave.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Hox 4400. Call.
AN experienced wheelwright wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULST. cor. liroadwuy and Mont-
gomery. Golden Eagle lintel.
A YOUNG man of reflned appearance wants
situation us coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Rox 11, Pan Mateo. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and fubscrlptlonj
received nt fall branch office. ;200Ftllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
GEORGE MAYERLE. Germnn expert optician,
1071". Market fneqr 7th>— Examinations free;
Uerrnan eye water by mall. f.Oc: see City Di-
rectory. For Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free: rpertacle« properly ad-
juyt-rt. N. Maim«»e. wiH't nntictun. "10 Mkt.
flXts to let. r
1C0 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO CG7 Market St.
M9 Geary; f., 7 r $30 1913 Devlsadero.f.. 6r.$13
19*2 Eddy; f., 6 r 25 1512 O'Farrell; f., 4 r. 15
793 Halght; f.. 6 r.. 25 417 Jones; f.. 6r 2i
679 Geary: f., 5 r. 16 5<j 72 Webster; f.. 6r... 25
A— S-KOOM flat; corner: sunny: 2 bay-windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417M; Third.
DEARBORN. S. off Seventeerth. near Valencia
— 5 rooms and bath; rent SU 50.
FULTON. 140— Extra fine flat; 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $35.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny top flat: C rooms and bath.
GROVE SIS— Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; stable If desired of 4 Malls; carriage
floor; coachman's room, etc.; suitable for phy-
sician; rent 530 and $35. Apply on premises,
or MADISON & BURKE.
HYDE. 731. near Sutter— New top flat. 6 room?,
bath, storeroom; sun all day: electricity and
all modern Improvements. Inquire EASTON
6 ELDRIDGE. 63S Market st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN*. HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH. 33B0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro fit. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18: water free.
$8— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. 510
Castro st.
{12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 171SA
Leavenw orth st.
FinxiTinK roil sale.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat, used 3 months;
one of the moBt desirable flats In city for
rent; reasonable. 1310 Larkln st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4$ 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-113t Market.
' Kunxi'ruuE waxteu.
XlFrED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Hate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3&3.
1 IKL I ' W A! . TK I)— KE M A L 12 .
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1«J
....'. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, springs. $25, and waitress,
same place. ?2l»; waitress. Congress Springs,
$20. see party here: 24 waitresses for city re-
sorts and commercial hotels. $20 and $25; wait-
ress, Nevada. $20, fare here; 2 restaurant
¦waitresses, $S week; 4 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; laundress, city, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT •
Young nursesirl, S20. for a child; Italian
housekeeper, $15, or one who understands
Italian housekeeping; houseglrls Grass Val-
ley, $25. faro here; housegirl. Gllroy, $20. and
SO housecirls, city anil country.
C R. HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS to do about 10 rooms and
wait at dinner; resort, near city. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 1D4 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook. American family, $35, short
distance; 5 cooks, private families, city and
country, J23 and $30; nurse and seamstress,
$20; Invalid nurse, $20; cook, private family,
$25; second E'rl, same place, $18; 7 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country. 120
and $2.">; C waitresses, springs and country
hotels, $20; laundress, summer resort, $30;
fancy irtner, hotel, city, $35; starch Ironer,
short distance, $30, and ft large number of
girls for general housework, city and coun-
try. $:o, ?25 and *30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT.
S1G Hutter Bt.
WANTED— A nice, neat girl for general house-
work in American family of 2, for Piedmont;
wares J25. Apply to J. K. CROSETT, 316
Sutter bt.
A HOTEL cook, Santa Cruz, J33; chambermaid
and waitrf«3, same place, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
A GERMAN governess; grown children; J25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
2 GERMAN ccclt*. city, $35 and $30; 4 cooks,
$25 each; housework. Pleasanton $20 2 in fam-
ily. Pan Jose $20. Belvedere J25. Alameda $25.
San Mateo ?25. and several other towns; sec-
ond girl, $20: 20 housework girls, city, $20 and
$25: 2 chambermaids and waitresses. Mill
Valley. $20 each; 4 waitresses, city hotels, $20
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl, $25; 25
housegirls, $25 each; cook, $35; 2 waitresses,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313J?utter Bt.
WANTED — A young lady for office work: must
have knowledge of bookkeeping. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS' hand to take work home on
• cording. underskirts. etc.- H. FRIED-
LANDER. 33S Fell st.
ONE chambermaid, $20 per month, first-class
hotel in country. Call between 8 and 9 a. m.
nnd see proprietress at Russ House.
¦WANTED — A girl or middle-aged woman to
wash dishes In email restaurant. Apply 31SV4
Third bt.
GIRL to mind the baby and assist In house-
work; sleep home: $7 per month. Call 309
- Twelfth st. •
WANTED— Sewers on ladles' wrappers; eteady
work: good pay. MARK BROS.. 1213 Market.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Oough and Grove sts.
A YOUNG girl to assIM In general housework;
good home. Call £C0 Clayton st
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS wanted at HoteTjRepelter, 7S1 Sut-
ter st.
HELP wanted for dressmaking; also an ap-
prentice. 231 Post st., room VI. '
WANTED— Young girl to assist carini? and
waiting at tables: restaurant; $4. 6S0 Fourth.
WANTKD— Girl for housework; wages $15 to
$18. 3M9 Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework;
wages $10. 2777 Twenty-fourth st.
A WOMAN for general housework; good plain
cook. 923 O'Farrell st. ¦"¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ :> >: '^
WANTED— Middle-aged lady to take charge of
counter in bakery; references. Box 1983, Call.
WANTED- Competent girl for general/tabuse-;
work; small family. 2C34 Howard st.'
FIRST-GLASS finishers on coats; steady work.
334 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl to do ucatalrs work and as-
! sist with 2 children. 123.) Kllis st.
WAN TED— Girl for general housework. 1519
Vallejo st., near Van Ness; call bet. 11 and 12.
TOtiNO girl to assist in housework. Apply
2519 Sacramento Kt., between 10 and 12.
G1HL for gfneial housekeeping work and cook-
li-.g. Apply at JM3 Octavla st.
"WANTKD— Neat young girl to asylst in general
housework. 15 Baker st., near Ilalslu.
WANTED-GIrl for general housework. Apply
?>:» O'Farrell st.
6 WOMEN for general housework at 1304 Post
street.
WANTED— S00 women to work on fruit can-
ning and preparing; steady work; highest
wages. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
l'ACKING CO.. Harrison ave. between Sev-
enth and Elchth. off Folsom.
WANTED— A lady for companion and assist In
light housework: good home and fair pay for
right party. Call after 2 p. in.. 116 Taylor
street. ; ;-- :4
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTOUY, Cor. Gough
and Crove ats.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
rtate experience, wilary nnd references. Ad-
dress C. IL. box 1824. Call office.
ELDERLY woman to tend to yountr child and
<lo light upper housework. C2C Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— Shocfltter on wax thrf-aa machine.
1). R. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
COMPETENT German cook wanted; wages J25.
Apply 926 Grove st.
YOUNG (?lrl apprentices on custom coats want-
ed. f>33 Natoma st.
GOOD experienced hands on vests. 8\4 Anto-
nio St., between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children and
assist in light housework. 2630 Howard st.
YOUNG elrl to assist with Reneral housework;
private family. S28 Turk st.
WANTED— A good business saleswoman: neat
nnd of cood appearance. Box .3526, Call.
WANTED— Women and clrls to work on fruit.
Tclsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C36 Va-
lencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A-MURRAY & REA^rTTTjPHONE MAIN D81S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. -
Want 7 a. m. To-Day
WE SHU' FREE
7263 men for all parts of California. Utah,
Washington, Arizona. Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
Ron, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY tl
and no other expenses to Los Anseles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ehlp you to-day,.
8 a. m. and 5:20 p. m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters J" and J2 25 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt -Lake City (Utah) division fr»e
Wndsworth (New) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division Ire*
Western. Fresno, Madera, liakersfleld di-
visions free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
mulr free
laborers, teamsters, etc.. regular wages paid.
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen S75
1C0 laborers. Inside work, free fare 160
25 hard-rock miners J^»
MURRAY & READY; 634-gSa Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers. wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers Hnil black-
smiths' helpers. }3, |2 50. $2 day; »G5, $C0, i'J).
{45. (40, (30 and found; come. Fee
6 coopers 5 brick molders
3 harness-makers
6 cabinet makers spool tender
coremaker and 63 other mechanics, wages
run frcm ft. J3 50. $3. J2 50. }2 a day and fd.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St. .
A— COME and get our list, containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & RKADY.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. city and country, ?i0, »40,
135, J30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
tl 75 day
120 men to pick fruit |26 and found
SPECIAL ..'.
8S0 laborers' teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, J2 50. $2 25. *2. $1 75 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— FARMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES. HAY
....PRESSES. VINEYARDS. HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
fruit pickers $26 and $30 and found
3;'ti lann nnnds »3o, f3u, ili and fouim
125 haying hands... .?1 25 to tl CO day and fd
3fi harvest hands, tl 50 to J2 a day and found
66 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers. $40, ?35, $20 and found; come, see....
St- chore men and boys. t30. UC. $25, $20. |15
nnd found
6 eheep herders, fare tl 50 $25 anil found
superintendent for large orchard und vineyard.
MURRAY fc READY. C34-65ti Clay st.
A— TO MINES My?,?£
GOLD MINES. SILVER MINES. O1HLR
MINES ;
03 miners, slncle hind. dlfTrrent Jobs ».a
6 machine miners, gold mine WJ
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job
i $fio and found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $13 per
month. Including board nnd lodgings; If you
give satl: faction will be advanced as laborers
ut $G0 per month with board and lodgings;
special, good, eteady Jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no expe.rl-
1S3 laborer's',' 'different 'mine's,' JM. $<S, f 42. $40,
$35 nnd found, fares from $1 .'*. COME, SEE..
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634-G36 Clay St.
A-BAKERS.. BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP
18 bflkors. flr^t, eecond and third hands. $>>3.
t50 $43. t40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $50: second hand, tlO
and found, eame country Job, boss here and
fare paid •••••
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $.0,
tl5 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 3
butcher*, shops, wapons. slaughter houses,
etc., 140. 13.1. ?30 and found-; COME SEE
15 laundry men washers, markers, starchers,
polishers, ironers. etc.. $35, $45, $30 and founiL
MURRAY A P.KADY. C3t-636 Clay st. %
A— HOTKI CANDY. ...ami OTHER DKPT'S
Itutcher, drive wagon, country. t30 and found,
see boss here
t3 cooks, also 0 third, 5 pecond hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $65. t60, J53. JSO. $45. $40. $35. $30, $25
und found- 32 waiters. COME SEE. $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and campe.
$30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT
29 dishwashers, city and country '
$30, $25. $20 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company •
n:an to help In bakery of a mine. 430 and fd
lunch counter man - .$35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines. restaurants. campe, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presses, resorts. Institutions, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTER3
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO DUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish toois.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 034
and 636 Clay st. , .
AGAIN WE PAY .YOUR FARE -;
to 2» Snwmllls. etc
No Experience Wanted
E.C3 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run mnchlnes. wages from $20 to $40 per
month and found -
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut, sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
Biwjrera, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
.awmllls. v.-oods. etc.. JSO. *75. $90. $120. $60,
$."•0, J40. $30 nnd found; 5S4 woodchoppers. tle-
niakers. tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 M, $2, Jl B0, $1 and 73c cord; . uhlngle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found.....
20 laborers for a sawmill *40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
FOREMAN foV woods; also foreman for saw-
mill: also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon; car-
penters for ranches; blacksmith for a foun-
dry, $3 a dayr 6 Ironmolders, $3 CO a day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED foreman for larjre hay and
grain ranch. California: references.
MURRAY & READY. C3J-63S Claj' St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— First-class prcsser. 1301 Devisa-
dero st.
WANTED— Responsible man to run bicycle re-
¦ pair shop. Apply 206 Fifth st.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
rsfSINirss OITICn -of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock o\ery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES^-SS Montgomery street,
com. r OIny: f.pen until S:3<1 l>. m.
,"S 1 In yes Etrct-t: or«>n until 9:20 p. m.
CO McAllister nre<>t: open until 9:20 p. m.
CIS Larkin Ftr?rt; open until D:30 p. m.
IM1 Mission strict : ei*>n until 10 p. rn.
r:ci .".:—.:: street, corner Sixteenth; open
Unlll 9 n Kl
Id Eleventh ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
lovfi Vaiencia strict: or*n until 9 p. rn.
Northwod corner T»-;T.ty-s»oond a" d Ken-
t'icl;y Ktreets; oj«-n until '¦' p. m.
"~mi:etixc; notices.
MOl'NT Slariah I-TlKe No. **. F. en.l a
\ M -Meeting THIS iWKI'NEf'HAy.1 JV
l;Vi:.\"lN<; Hi l:Z l < O'clock. First de- 1^J\
&e(. THEO. FKQLICH. Secretary. '
CROCKETT. ixMlce N'" 1 - U». JT- and A " A
M.-l.. II. THIS KVKNING. July "¦_>?%,
fit r:M o'clock By «rdei of the M . ]\J\
M. H. FQRTIUEPg.- Secreunr.?- '.W-.'
EXCELP1OH Lodse .V". ICC. F. rr><l A. 0
tI.-C*Ued rweetlr* THIS tWEHNES-
I 'AY) EVKNIXG. July 11. ftt 7 o'clock J*LJ\
s^urn. Tliir.i d^eree. By inl'r of thf ' V^
V. |L THUo !¦:. SMITH. Se.-retary^
MISSION Lodge So. I6». F. and A. If. ¦
.-< \, : i. .1 n-.-.'.t Inc THIS < WKDN ES-
I'AY« KVICNINO at 7:Su o'clock. Sec- JSLjK
ond oXree. ST
GEORGE P- FLACK. Secretary F. T.
KKANCO- AMERICAN Lodge No.
+!•• I. O. <>. F Insta:iatlon r.f •?^2jRvr
officers on TiHRi-DAY EVEK- 7 ?5 < *S»c^r--
IN<;, Ju!y 12, l^-O. at 8 o'clock.
Paft crarids respectfully requested to attend.
By ord'-r tit B. DACCHEtt, N. G.
A. LKON AVRADOU. Kec. Sec.
jjriKFj; Lodge No. ::.'. I. O. O. f.
—Ir.Ftallatl n •: officer? T I II >' r£AS?iS3(
,V LI>NKSL»AY) EVENING. .July •OSjiS*?
11. A full attendance requested. *w-»»*^
Visitors cordially Invited.
CHO. SVCEB31AX. N. G.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary-
¦ y
KNIGHTS <^f the Hed Branch will J
meet at th<Mr hall. nSS Mission JT
rt.. THIS (WEDNESDAT) *%& A
EVENING. .Tuly 11. at S o'clock, ft.
Xmoortist business. Hy order
PRESIDENT. JyP>tS'
ANNI'AL trieptlnr— The regular annual m»t-
inc of the stockholders of the San Fram-i^ci
and f-sn J ( ajuin Va!!ey Railway Company
Mill he h' !<1 at the offW of the company. No.
S2! Market f!.. Francisco. Cal.. on TT7ES-
I'AY. the 17th dny of July. 1900, at the hour
cf 11 O'clock frrennon, for th? purpose of
elect Irg a l«oard of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of Filch
other busir.ess as may mm» before the rneet-
iBg. ALKXANOKIt MACKIE. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
MHP. 5?a<lle Purn. of fittsburs. Pa., strictly
i-^iable on all matters pertaining tn life and
burinetw; h~rosr.-,r.e readings, tl. :710 Sutler.
AGR5TTS WANTED.
6oT^Tc?T?nr^a^it?d^T^CLrN5Tr:iN & PLA-
TO PrlntiSC Company. 31" Hayes Et.
ATTmtNKVS AT LAW.
H. IV. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market Ft..
rrxnv €^7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy. o.'UeetlonF; nil cases; fair fees;
O"> advance charges; money loanel on estate.
ADVICE tree; Olrorc* law a specialty; private;
Tin fee -without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 MarkH. cor.StooUton.
ADVICE free: no charge unl<rs successful. \V.
\V. DAVIDSON. S-27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Kmtr.a .«preckels bid?.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation free; no fe«s In advance.
AfTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— FRED WARD & SON,
Agents. «C Fremont Ft.
RATH OBINETS.?
ROR1NPON !">. 4-ranei folding: door opens: firm
and faf". W. S. lUiOWN. pen, agt.. 425 Kills.
UKLGIAN HARES.
BELGIAN HARES!!
A!l the iwpular strains* at rreatly reduced
j.rirps. CALIFORNIA RF.I.OIAN HARE AS-
m:»CIATI<»N. Alameiia, Cal.
YUKON, lied Rivr ar.d Bonanza Prince
back*: service $2 Si up. 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHOICE pedigreed Belgian hares; cheap. 1009V£
Sutter it.
GOLT'HtTgaTE RKLGIAN HARE CO..*W> Gol-
dTi Gate ave., S..F.. 5<K> rabbits for sale cheap.
CHEAPEST and best in Anr-rica— The Weekly
Ca'.l. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Vnlte<! Stares cr Canada one year for 81.
niCYC'LES For Sale or Bxehanse.
OAK. 119— Boy's btryrle In rood order; Fenton
rr.ske; fit; call a'ter 7 p. m.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
FOHOOL HOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Hook Co.. -f\ Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^?12'^: PARTNER -wnnted in cld-establ. cor.
protfry ani bar on Third St.; daily receipts
, $3:>; retiring i.artr.er had to leave for north;
rent $42; lease; rarn chance. See R. G.
%VILKE. 204 Kearny eu
Ji— Jlf.",f'; CORKER Fi-ocery and bar. with 4 llv-
4r.K rooms, on Mission Et. ; a first-class paying
business p.n'l I&rge. fresh strick invoices the
price. Call K. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Ft.
Ji.— STATIONERY, notions aTnl branch bakery
on Mission «.; rent f 12. including 3 rooms;
owner kept More >• years: prlc-e J450, or will
Invoice. EL G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
i3j3Tr. : ELEGANTLY fitted saloon: established
years; in larpe private hotel; rent $40: loca-
tion 2 block* from Market et. R. G. WILKE,
26»» Keamy Ft.
AS'//': PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
»<nd chop boose; close To Market St.; a spien-
«!d offer fcr the right man. Call R. O.
\\ ILKE. C64 Kearny Et.
A— M'ViC: CORNER Rrocery ar.d bar; established
y«>ars end kn<-,v.n as a money making place;
best location; close to Chroni.-ie building. Eee
R. O. WILKE. rC4 Keamy Et.
A— 51^00: COHNER; wine and !iquor store; only
ore block from Market: r»nt $00; horse,
»ajrcn and a la'Kc stock; Fplendld paying
business; disagreement of partners cause cf
ra'.e. S'-e It. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny Bt.
GRAIN warehouse business embracing engine
mr.ii mill 'new); no competition; capacity 1000
tons; profits last year over S1700; Central 'Ala-
tr.f-Ca Co.; t30X» buvs the entire plant; a rare
bargain. II. II. CRANE. SOS California Et.
FOR f=a!e — Country hotel and bar at R. R. de-
pot. r.w this city: completely furnished: all
Al condition; investisate this. II. H. CRANK.
CfS California «t.
j^uji trj> $4:0
Restaurant
Leading fitreet
North Market
Hardwood furniture
Kin* proposition
Rtzht i>arty
PTENDEIUJ CO.. 323 Market Bt.
•r.™_rtnSTAl'RANT, cr.e block from Mark-t
Ft.: full valu» In *!jrht: must pell to-diiy.
McLAlQHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market st.
$?~Z — CARPENTER and Jobbir.g shop: business
location. McLAl'GHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
$•/*— LAVNORY route; good hor?e and wagon;
rer«-!pt* about Vfi per week. McLAL'GHLIN
& CO.. 777»r Market st.
Jl r «0- SALOON: 1 block from Market Ft.; flx-
turcs and f=to<-k worth JK.CO; good reason for
f*!lir.g. McLAL'GHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
riRPT-CLAFS butcher, about to open meat
market, good locality, wants partner; no ci-
rrf>rlence necessary; shop complete with good
fixture?, jcthouse. etc Inquire for particulars
1C2S Market Ft., room J.
A — J1W>; PARTNER wanted in light established
huslnws: tco much for one to look, after; must
bo ratisJVd with $1* to J2i a week; trial given;
no experience required. 9 Geary et.. room 2.
J1Z5. nrtANCH bakery. «ndy notions, ;
good location; nice business; rent tli; 3 fur-
n!£hed rooms. LANE & CO.. 8G5 Market st.
ENAP— Grocery and bar for sale. Key at E.
COHX. C30 Market Ft.
TTtT'IT Moro. horse and wagon. Trlth living
nioir.y; < .1K account death. Box 18S6. Call.
*.'"TION. BtatkmeiT and bazaar; very cheap;
r»-nt raid till Heptembfr I; must be cold this
nrrlf. Vox 196S. Call office.
110 FOR half of centrally located office. AcT
<*.rrj* l«ix 1J57, Call ofilce.
BAKER V. cigars. laundry and notion*.; present
owner there C years. £07 Third «t.
LEADING hotel la Mcr.terey; Zi rooms, parlor.
<lininK-room. kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent. Fell or exchange. For particular*
write JOHNSON £-• CARR. Monterey. Cal.
FOIt *a!e — Cheap; complete outfit of grocery
nr.d barroom: store to let: cheap rent; lense;
best corner In Mission. Northeast corner of
I»clores and Valley et«.
TO rrnt— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. : line
location: place is entirely covered: contains 3
rtalls- rent only $1S; water free. Inquire V.'M.
HKNPRICKPQX & CO., €14 Call bids.
fY>n Fale— Kirst-claes restaurant. Addre«» P.
LA M M KKS. 175»4 Mlf Ion ft.: no agents.
CANDY ttore for sale; pood stock and fixtures;
low rent; no etents. 13i Hayes Et
DUSIXE5S CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FOR fsIo — A strictly rrood business: restaurant;
ICO .hairs and feeding 100 people: bakery us-
inic 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lrxlpinp-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
fintst < opportunity to rr.al'.e money. Inquire
Arr.<rlcan Uakery and ResUiurant, Baiters-
field. Cat.
DON'T Bliss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS PTI'DIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & OO. . 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
rcc«lveil at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A DRA2CCH office for Call advertiRpm«»nt* and
F'lbsrriptions has lieon established at 109C Va-
lencia f-'. _^^^^___^__
LODGING-nOt'SES FOIt SALE.
27 HOCSES, t~00 to $3C.O; part on time.
JG houses of 14 to 20 rooms, ?r>00 to ?11GO.
21 houses of 25 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
I/onK list. Call on M. GRIFFIN. Vl'J Market
st.. rm.m 1. nr. Cull bldR. : t«-l. Hlark 1S03.
11)00— SNAP: r -2 rr.cms; all rented: fine loca-
tion: near Market ft. HASILK. 3 Kddy gt.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANINC
WIIKN' you •.-•'¦onnif disgusted with poor work
to KPACLDING'S rio;ie*r <"ari>ot-neat-
ing Works. X.Z-X1 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY rarpet Cleaning and Dyping Co.,
ri2-."<4 -ioAUister st.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-n«>atlng and Reno-
vating Co., ;«0 14th tt.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carprt-Beating Works, O. H.
STEVENS, mtr.. CS-40 bth st.: tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'<:3 S*.Fven<>on St.; tel. Fouth -.'2S; lowest rates.
CATirnTP cleaned at 3^ per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie !>44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleanlnjr C.->.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLINS Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
<Jate ave.; telephone East 126.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO nUTTO.NS.
MF*Y. cf all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market st.. S. F.
i? CARRIAGES,; AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggtea, <-arts. harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SOX. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wap^n. single, also light
camping wagon, fcr sale ch»ap. 532 Mission.
XH'.V &• 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & hnr-
nf^. work & drivlr.g horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
Ji:ORGE W KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
le** successful, flocm 310. 927 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency. In-
corporated; money loaned. 314 MontKomery.
COTTAGES To LKT.
COTTAGE. S rooms and bath. 3:33 Twenty-
nfth M.; rent V.
'. Sl-iniTLrALIS.il.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. S53 Mls-
rlon st.; readings daily. 25c, tOe and $1: cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. 10c.
WYLLIK. the Ixis Aneeles photo medium. 330
Kills. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
Friends-hip Hall. 33-" McAllister; test to-nlpht;
Mrs. M<-yer and others; every eve; lCc; sitt'gs.
MRS Dl'XHAM. medium; readings dally; cir.
Tu..s.. Fri.. 2. S p. r.i. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER spiritual medium: sittings; G.
Jl. L. r-Oc; cir. Mo.. \\><I.. Frl.. 10c. 31 Sixth.
PROP uni* medium: readings, 50c and Jl; clr.
every nieht. lf»c. 12C* Market, cor. O. G. ave.
TH IS~we»k only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St.. near 12th.
MIIS. J. J. WHITNEY, clalnoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting tl. 11C4 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-Xnown trance me-
dium, permanently located at 2C3 Turk Bt.,
may te consulted on all affairs of life; she
will Ehow you how to overcome your enemies:
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
enteed by mail: send stamp for circular with
rp-cial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
ft., near Jones.
MMK. LANGE. the creat clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fe« 2tc and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 11C7 Market st.. bet, "th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
dlapncses disease with life reading: ladles 50c.
cents Jl: palm. & clair.; sit. 1150. 126 Turk sL
MRP. CAMERON, rard reader; advice en all
business affairs. 2jC up. J23 Mission; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA.tne gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader. 2r.c. 5 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 20c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. RENNER. RIS'4 Geary (Saratoga court).
clairvoyant. life and plant reader; ladies; Ijc.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S21H Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 23c & iOc. 1149 Mission.
MMH FCHAFFKR, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V, Sixth Et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2"-c up. 5 Fourth St..
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 2T)c: ladles. 014 O'Farrell at.
F>K?CTI3TS. «
AT the ELECTRO-DEN'TAL CLINIC. ?09 Mar-
ket ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bid*., you can
have ynur extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty : gold crowns.
%Z 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 3 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, !) to 2
p. m. G. w. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes fcr best crown*, plutes. brlJses
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless rr.^thod; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: aflvir* free; prices
ch»ape«t and guaranteed; lady attendants.
I>R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 2<i O'FarreM st.
DR. LUDLVM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates mafle over like new: teeth
frcm IS per set: extracting, to.-; gas given.
PARIS nental Parlcr. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full *er of teeth, H; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlncs and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market Et., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUXG. If41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
VH. ~BUZARiyS~bog Hospital, Po-t. Filimore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits ?1 10; all
n:-.!roa> treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
L>K.CREELY'S CP.manjre cure and worm pills
by drueiriyts or at hospital. 510 Golden Oateav.
DRESS3IAKEHS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market s,t.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. : dresses
made. $.". up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. fc!9 Sutter St.. dressmaking
vcheol: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lntr. n'.nklng. i;i Post.over O'Connor&Moffatt
educational:
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; lire
scholarship, 500; Includes shorthand, typing.
bookk??plng, telesraphy; day and evening;
just ac"<!ed. new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taklnc full course this
year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 3C5 Larkln St.;
the coming school: thorough: up-to-dat»; all
branches; positions secured for graduates; ,
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. *nr-
".«•>¦. assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : cut. 1S64.
VAN DEK NAILLEN SCHOOL. D33 Market.
LAW schools. S27 Market. S. F.. and 905 Hroad-
¦way. Cakland; day ar.d night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Krammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, ir. Ufa.
SCHOOL O7 ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 210
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at..
K. K.; founded 1&C3; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUXE Art and Crafts School; modeling.
d^sirnlng. carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMrLOYJIEXT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estafcl. over 10 years; all kind? help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese rap. office— Best help
furn.: domestic wry. 41? Powell; tel. Clay 8».
OKPHEUM Employment Office— JapaneKf. Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black LOT*.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 21*1. &0*\j Stockton.
CHINESE and Japaney; Employment Oifice—
Dt*t help. 411H O'Farrell et.; tel. Kaet 42S.
HEAL T5TATE CITY yOU SAJ * B *.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CSS Market Street.
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION.
A FEW LOW-PRICED PROPERTIES "vTHICH
MUST BE SOLD.
RICHMOND COTTAGC
$1.300— Reduced from $1710: worth $2009:
Pretty cottage of * rooms and bath ana
basement; lot 23x120 feet; rents $13 per
month; Eighth ave., near Clement
MISSION COTTAGE.
$1.4C0— "WORTH :.S2W0
Make offer; pretty cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; on Twenty-seventh, near Church
street; lot 2C.X103 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
$1,500- WORTH rSCO
House 7 rooms; one-half block from New
Postofflce; lot 25x75 feet.
POINT LODOS AVE. FLAT AND STORE.
V.tCO- WORTH KSCO
Make offer: store and flat of 5 rooms ani
bath: all modern improvements; rent $2Z
per month; near Second ave.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT&
$2.900— WORTH t*W«
Near Scott and Waller »ts.; 3 elegant
modern flats of 5 rooms and bath, porce-
lain tubs, tiled mantels, etc; pays 13 per
cent.
LARKIX-STREET FLATS.
$8.250- "WORTH J30CO
Rents $70 per month; 3 nlc* modern flats
sear Pine ut.
VERT CHEAP LOTS.
$2,40O-Mak» offer: Page. nr. Cole: 15x137:1 ft.
$1,000— Lyon st. nr. Post; 23x100 feet.
$1,000 — Trtmont st.. near Frederick: S lots. 23x36
each, on Installments; flna view of ocean.
$300— Bryant st. ; street Ditumlnlzed; electrlo
cars pass.
$£0 and upward: fine level lots on Ryd* tt;
cars; fine marine view; on Installments.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market rt.
BALDWIN & HOWElil
10 MONTOOMEST STREET.
MARKET STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall: 27:9xl37:«; a splendid oppor-
tunity: only $43,100.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; rst par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27, ECO— Pacific ave. residence; elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrancementa
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:Cxl22:S-
$;00O— Green st., near Cough; good resldenea,
9 rooms and bath and laundry; lot I28:SxU7:l.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$32.500— Third st. corner; 137:8x137:8: stor* and
Cats; g-ood Improvements; rents $230.
$37,E0O— Folsom st- corner: manufacturing dis-
trict: 3 frontages: rents $170; lot 10OxS7:«.
$11.000— Renta $113; Castro st. corner; stores
and flats; lot COxSO.
AN OFFER WANTKiX
$3K0-Rltch st. ; 5 flats; rents I4# 50: lot CxSO.
$6000— Rents $S3; Natoma Bt. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above: lot 27x73.
RESIDENCE PROPERTT.
$28.000— Price reduced; Washington rt- resi-
dence, with fine marine view; lars* garden;
sun all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fall to sea
this property.
$2730— Richmond district; entirely new; J cot-
tages: modern In every respect: easy terms.
$3330— Sunset district: 2 handsome new mod.
ern residences. Just completed; 6 rooms and,
bath and basement; lot 23x120: easy terms.
14100— Steiner St., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$3000— Van Ness ave. ; corner; 22x109.
$13,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:«xl27:S^i;
fine ciarino view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250—11111 Valley cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; lanre lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
Jj$30— MODERN 3-room house In choice location
on Waller «t.. rear Pierce. 1 block from
llalsht-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. J wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.: terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
.FOR tale — A Bargain: at North Beach: new
house of 9 rooms, with concrete foundation.
high basement, patent closets, enameled tubs;
fine marine view. Box 3ZZS. Call office.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estlmatm furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission St.
SIGHTLY marine corner. 62:6x137:6. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 64S Market st.
$1300 — COTTAGE 6 rooms; modern: must b-»
sold. 323 Clement St., Richmond.
MODERN cottage of S rooms and bath. See
owner at 141 Twenty-sevnth st.
REAL ESTATE — COIXTRV — For Sale
ROSS Valley house, ten rooms and outhouses,
large grounds with shade trees, near station:
Fale or rent; also acreage tracts, wooded. $2ft>
$3f<0 an acre. JAMES TUNSTEAD. Son An ;
selmo.
"WANTED to rent — Small ranch, suitable for
cows and poultry, by respectable couple wttJi
g-ood references: or would take charg« of
place. Address box 3313. Call office.
FOR *ate or rent, at Mill Valley, two S-room
cottages; modern Improvements; fruit trees
and vines of every variety. Address J.
ADAMS. Corte Madera. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th<»
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. P. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Qeary.
A— PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
et., city and country property sold or exchngd.
FOR *ale— Good-paying Investment: country
hotel; rented at (30. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor »ts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable (tunny connecting
housekeeping rooms: no children.
ELEVENTH. 108 — Connecting housekeeping
rooms; complete: also single; upstairs.
FEI.J* . 42$— Sunny front room, with use of
kitchen: cheap^
FILMORE, 2212. near Clay— $10: S large, sunny,
unfurnished rooms; nlc» yard and water.
FOLSOM. 65S— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold water: rangs.
FURNISHED apartment, parlor. 3 bedrooms A
kitchen; rent $12. Apply at store. S15 Second.
GEARY. 441— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms ; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1061—1 stinny and also 3 completely
furnished housekeeping rooms: runnlns;
water; $3.
LARK1N," 804— Sunny front suite, furnished.
$13; large front. $3;' back room. $7: housekpar.
MCALLISTER. 408—4 rooms for housekeeping;
bath and yard: rent $10.
MISSION, 915^— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms, newly painted and cleaned; private.
MISSION. 1219— To let; furnished rooms for
housekeeping; complete: no children.
NICE furniture of a 7-room flat for sale or rent.
1150 Mission st.
SEVENTH. 17S— Large sunr.y. cheerful rooms,
housekeeping; large yard; also bath.
TEHAMA, 47s! near Sixth— $12; > furnlehed
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TURK 543— Lar*» front room complete for
housekeeping. $13: also single. $S.
VAN "NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping, $12 to $13; also single rooms for
gentlemen. $8. $12 a month.
4 SMALL unfurn- rooms: $2 60 each; located
Fifth -and Market. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lor.ria ft.
UOOMS TO LET—^Fnrn. and L'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to Jl per night. Jl 25 to S3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNIETT. 1424 Market st. (old No. 1384)— Fur"
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
FOLSOM. 565. cor. 6th <The Ollver>— Newly fuf3
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reaaonbL
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GEARY. 5T.6— Elegant sunny parlor suite; piano,
t-lei.hone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 262— Elegantly furnished sla-
gle or double room; gas; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ats. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
girgle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elesant suites; single- tran-
slent: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9«9. cor. «th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
HOWARD. 1432-Lnrge sunny bay-window
room, with use of kitchen and dining-room.
JESSIE. 53Hi. near Sixth— Furnished sunny
front room for two men; with or without
board; In quiet, private family.
MARKET. 1053 between Sixth and Seventh—
Sunny furnished double rooms: JS month.
McAllister, liovj—singie roomi runnlnr
water, raa and bath, ts
A-NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts. except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 11.
Sun rises 4:56
Sun sets - 7:33
Moon sets 3:K> *.. m.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
IjSAL— Arrived July 10— Stmr Cleone, hence
Julv 8.
Failed July 9— Schr Glen, for Monterey.
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed July 10-Chil bark
POINT LOBOS, July 10. 10 1 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 18 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per stmr Bt Paul— In port at St Michael—
Stmrs San Jose and San Juan. U S stmr Law
ton and whaling stmr Jeanette.
LONDON, July 10— Br ship Mlstley Hall, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, was towed Into
Montevideo dismantled.
MISCELLANEOUS.
June 22. lat 13 N. Jon 25 W— Br ship Port Pat
rick, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Tuesday. July 10.
Btmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Dolrhln. CTBrien. Seattle.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen.* Eureka,
Btmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria. —"
Btmr Greenwood. Faserlund. -— .
Stmr Tillamook, Hughes, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. .
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cn».
Btmr Estella. Robertson, Seattle.
Stmr Scotia, Walvisr. .
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemainus.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. N/analmo.
Ship liaac Reed. Holmqulst; Seattle,
Br ship King David, Pryde, Queenstown.
Sehr Impossible. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Helen N Klmball. Hanson. Eureka.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Oceania Vance. Hardwlck, Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. July 10.
Stmr Stats of California, Gage. Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. _ ¦ , _ „ „
Btmr Czarinau Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Allen, Hongkong, etc,
via Honolulu; W H A very.
Tuesday, July 10.
Stmr Banta Rosa. Alexander. 60 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Jl hours from Eureka.
Btmr Et Paul, Hays. 13 days from St Michael,
via Unalaska 7^ days.
Tug H H Buhne, Nelson,M4 hours from Eu
"shfp A J Fuller. Dermot, 7 days from 8e-
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 18 hours from
Bowens Landlnr. _;,
Schr J Eppinger. Skipper, 16 hours from
Iversens Landing.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Otn C Ry «s..l28 — O S L A H.... — 46U
P& Cl Ky 6s.lO2H — Presidio 22H
P & O R R 6s.ll5 — ¦ Powder Stocks —
Poweli-st n 6s.l20 — California 160 180
Sac L & GR5s. - - Giant Con Co. 86 87H
8 F & SJV 5s. — 120 Vl^orit 2% 3:4
B Ry of Cal 6s.Hl — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s... 1U 11H4 Hana S P Co. %^ 89i
S P C 6s(l?05).110 llOTi Haw C & S Co 87^4 —
Do (1906) ....111H113 Honokaa 8 Co 32U 32«4
Do (1912) ....113 122% HUtch S P Co. 24V, 25
SPRC lstgnt5s — — Kllauea S Co.. 19ft 20
K P Br 6s 130 — Makawell S Co — 4714
S V Water 6s. 115 — Onomea S Co 28
Do 4s 103U103& Paauhau 6 Co. 31 31^
Do 3d mtg...l01>4 — Miscellaneous—
Etocktn Gas 6s SOHj — ' Al Pack Assn.ll7«4 — •
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Am. 96 100
Contra Costa.. — . 72 Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100
Marin County. 60 — Oceanic S Co. — 931J
Bprlng Valley. 91Vi 95 Pac A F A _
Gas A Electric— Pao C Bor Co.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L&PCo 4Vi —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 7150
20 Equitable Gas 4 00
100 Equitable Gas ..; 3 S7»J
5 Giant POwder Con S8 50
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 88 00
¦. 10 Honokaa S Co 32 75
23 Honokaa S Co 32 «•»»
10O Honokaa S Co 32 50 /
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds 101 GO
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
W Alexander, Berkeley
A D Fanner. Stockton
W Burgess. Pa
W A Greenberg, Sacto
J M Be»se. Kings City
J M Merrttt, L Angeles
M A Loverlnsr. Boston
Kate F Osgood, L Ang
A L Rice, Selma
G Turner. Modeeto
Mrs J Knapp, Vallejo
T R Parker & w, Napa
W O Bloslngame.FreBn
G Borden. Los Angeles
T Martin. Los Angeles
J A earner. L Angeles
Miss Heilbron. Sacto
Miss E Hellhron. Sacto
C L Allen. Denver
E F Codle. Stockton
<5 KlRlIngbury. Berkly
B Plnchower, Cloverdle
J B Cooler, Cloverdale
G F FrlnUIn, Reno
T C Mercer. Osden
M D Dunnla-an. Osrden
Z H Rubensteln. O Val
H J Curry & w.Martnz
S Henery. Stockton \
J Frye, Medford
J M Lee. Seattle
A C Allen. U S -A
M Michaels. Woodland
J C Llllls. 8 Barbara
C Hoffman. Banta Crus
Mrs J A Judge. S Jose
Mips S Nylon. S Jose
J Cochran. San Rafael
O Wade. San Rafael
A Martin & w, Or
H K Sloane. San Joss
K E Adams & w, Stkn
J* B Tates. Stockton
H W St Johns. N Y
H K Raal, Reclamatn
C R Duff. U 8 A
T Brown. Napa
J North. MICh\
Mrs E Wright, 'S Jose
M J Wright, Sacto
II A Jastro. Bakersfield
J A Thompson, Ohio
B Kettlewell. fit Helna
C S Beers. Ohio
W H Hawley, Unalska
J M Doberts. PottersV
J J Cullen & w. Nev
E J Duboise. Paris
Mrs A Moore, Nome
Nina Moore. Nome
J M Morrison. Sacto
Mrs Humphreys, Vacvl
A Anderson. Sulsun
J J Miley. Mlley
T J Coonan, Kureka
S B Irvln. New York .
PALACE HOTEL
D L Dyns, Kt Louis
J Finnell, Tehama
T A Dempsoy. Chicago
H C McPike. Oakland
T T Williams, S Rafael
J O Eastland, S Kafael
E Welte, NY.
II A Andreal, London
H B Brown, Wash
C F Adams, Portland
E O Jones, Wls
R M Ppwers, S Diego
N G Douglas. Arizona
}l il Creighton, Ariz
W A Hendryx, Los A
Mrs Hendrj'X, Los A
A B Adams. Mexico
G B Daniels, Mexico
Mrs E Barren, Wash
W F Barron, Wash
Mrs H E Wilson. S Cra
Miss N MacConnell, SC
J McNeil. Sta Cruz
P Frank. Sta Cruz
A L Levinsky. Stkn.
L L Simmons, Sacto
R S Klnney, Tenn
J J Bunce, Los Ang'
D Malone. Cal
W H Flsk. Chicago
Mrs W O Jenkins. Cal
Miss Jenkins, Cal "
G W Lenwlck. Mont
M De Vrles, Stockton
C XV Thomas. Sit Lake
W D Felts. Chicago
E S Churchill, Napa
A B Cohen, St Joo
F Richardson. London
Mrs Richardson, Lond
A Wright, Pa
L R Why|#, Pa <.•>-;
O L Pennlngton, Ch&o
A Borsh, Oregon
Miss Borsh. Oregon
Miss Brown, Oregon
R C Cline, Los Ang
R Edmunds, Oakland
Mrs Edmunds, Oakland
K M Bryon. Los Ang
Mrs G Iiamberton, X, A
Mrs D H Miller, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Gordon. Los Ang
C D Jones, Nevada
S Heeney. San Jose
E Spreeks, Humboldt
D B Kane, Fresno *•
J West, Chicago
J Winters, Seattle
C W Ferris. Ran Diego
J B Hall, illnn
IL F Johnston, Sonora
(G Wells. -San Mateo
J W B Farrell. Iowa ¦
O H Davis. Tacoma
•?R Montgomery, Cal
IJ L Crosby, Los Ang
le Moore, Ukiah
J R Barton, Madera
GRAND HOTEL,
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at- Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by. official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
For N. K. Masten an assessment of
$1550 on Lake Tahoe Railway stock was
canceled, the corporation being domestic
and its stock non-assessable.
A large number of petitions for reduc
tions of assessments in small amount were
acted upon. The board will meet again
this afternoon at 1:30 o'clock to continue
the work of equalization.
Caldwell is the warehouseman who
gave partial testimony, but refused
to give information as to the merchants
¦who had goods In his warehouses or as to
the value and nature of those goods. Al
though it was supposed that he had Chi
nese merchandise valued at $2,000,000 in U'p
two warehouses, he swore that at noon on
the first Monday in March he had no
solvent credits— that not a dollar was due
him from any of the merchants.
Assessor Dodge brought suit before Jus
tice Barry to enforce the penalty of $100
against Caldwell for refusing to testify
before .the Assessor, but the suit was lost
on a technicality.
"I am convinced," Assessor Dodge said
to the board, "that this is only a test case.
If this man is allowed to establish his
point in refusing to let us know the value
of the goods in his warehouses and the
names of the merchants who own the
goods, so that we can discover his solvent
credits, next year all warehousemen will
follow suit and millions of dollars will be
lost from 'the assessment rolls. If my
penalty of an arbitrary assessment Is up
held he and the rest of them will testify
next year, as In the past."
The petition was denied and the assess
ment of $10,000 stands^ . '
The assessment of $15,000 against C. A.
Warren of Warren & Malley was can
celed, Assessor Dodge agreeing that
solvent credits from the Pair estate to
that amount were offset by liabilities' to
the San Francisco Bridge Company.
In answer to a query, Attorney Acker
man said his corporation would consider
$20,000 a fair assessment/ Assessor Dodge
agreed that his assessment had been too
high. Supervisor Reed said the company
had kept faith with the city and was en
deavoring to give the people dollar gas
and that It ought to receive fair treat
ment in the matter of assessment. The
board voted to reduce the assessment , to
$20,000.
A. B. Caldwell, owner of the Pioneer and
Lombard warehouses, asked to have the
arbitrary assessment of $10,000 on his busi
ness reduced, claiming that he had given
testimony to Assessor Dodpe, and that the
assessment was not legally an arbitrary
one, hence was subject to reduction by tho
board.
The Supervisors met yesterday after
noon as a Board of Equalization, and
among a large number of small assess
ments acted upon three of considerable
importance. The assessment of the fran
chise of the Alaska Packers* Association
was left unchanged at 5600,000. The Equit
able Gas Light Company's franchise was
cut from $100,000 to $20,000. The arbitrary
assessment of $10,000 on the Pioneer and
Lombard warehouses was sustained by
the board.
By its action in allowing Assessor
Dodge's assessment in the Alaska Pack
ers' Association to stand the board went
on record in favor of the Assessor's pol
icy of compelling intangible forms of
property to bear a larger proportion of
the burden of taxation. The Packers' As
sociation has given warning that it may
be compelled to leave San Francisco and
make Seattle Its distributing point and
place of business, and Supervisor Comte
argued that taxing the franchises of pri
vate corporations would drive trade away
from San Francisco, but nine of the
eleven Supervisors present approved As
sessor Dodge's policy.
Henry F. Fortmann, president of the as
sociation, was present to give testimony
and, W. H. Chickering to make the argu
ment. Former Mayor Pond, one of the
chief stockholders, was also present, but
did not testify.
Fortmann testified that the association
makes purchases annually of Jl.500,000
worth of goods produced in California and
emplovs 5000 men. It makes San Fran
cisco its distributing point for the world.
For this year the total taxes will be over
$43 000. President Fortmann called atten
tfon to the fact that of its two principal
competitors the franchise of one is as
sessed at $5000 and the other at $2a00. He
said his company had expressed its will
ingness to pay taxes on a franchise as
sessment of $50,000.
"This is the inevitable conflict that
arises " said Assessor Dodge, "when It
is proposed to tax intangible forms of
property that is highly remunerative. The
question is whether real estate and per
sonal property are to bear the brunt of
taxation or whether other forms shall
had prepared state
ments of the financial condition of the
Packers' Association, showing that the
annual dividends of $9 per share amount
ed to $432,000. The tax on the franchise
assessment of $600,OW. a little over SSWOtf.
would amount to but eighteen cents per
share annually. In Alaska- the company
pa\s taxes amounting to $33,924, which at
$160 per $100 equals the. tax on $2,081,250.
The market value of the association's
stock at $116 is $5,676,000, go that there is
$3,594,750 of stock value on which no tax
is paid anywhere. If, to be more fair, the
paid up value of stock. $3,120,000. is taken,
there is still $l,03S,750 on which no tax is
P Attorney Chickering protested that the
corporation's taxes this year In Alaska,
Washington and California would aggre
gate $43,000, which would equal a fair tax
rate on the paid-up value of its Btock, the
only fair basis of computation.
After argument at length, the board
took the assessment under consideration.
"It must be remembered," Supervisor
Comte said, "that such assessment may
drive away capital. We are trying to build
up our trade and make San Francisco a
great city, and It would be wise for us
to be careful in taxing franchises of
private corporations heavily. I move that
we reduce this assessment to $250,000.
Supervisor Connor paid It ought to be
raised to $1,000,000. After further discus
sion the board voted to let the $600,000
assessment stand. Supervisors Booth.
Connor. Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer, Adams.
Braunhart, McCarthy and weed voting
aye and Comte and Jennings no.
Charles L. Ackerman appeared for the
Equitable Gas Light Company and asked
that the assessment of Us franchise be
reduced from $100,000. He Eaid that the
company had not yet paid a dollar in div
idends. Its receipts were now about $2000
per month, and the company was p.utting
that and $10,000 or $12,000 each month more
into extending the plant. If earning
capacity was to be considered ' a. $100,000
franchise assessment was much too high.
The Assessor Upheld in His Contro
versy With W are k°useinan Over
letter's Refusal to
Testify.
Board of Equalization Re
fuses to Cut Dodge's
Figure of $600,000.
ASSESSMENT ON
ALASKA PACKERS
LEFT UNCHANGED
. TUESDAY, July 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 06 09
Alta 07 09 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 16 IS Mexican IS 19
Best & Belchr. 23 25 Occidental ..... 0!» 11
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 63 70
Caledonia 1 00 1 05 Overman 16 17
Chollar 19 20 Potosl 17 IS
Challenge Con. 14 1« Savaga 18 20
Confidence 76 77 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 50 1 55 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 27 28
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill 66 60
Eureka Con — 60 St Louis 09 —
Crown Point.... 03 09 Standard i 10 4 30
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 24 25 Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 29 SO, Utah 12 13
Tulla 01 —I Yellow Jacket. 14 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Best & Belcher 23 300 Potosi 18
400 Chollar 19 100 Savage 19
500 Con Imperial... 01 100 Silver Hill 62
200 Hale & Norcrs. 28 500 Silver Hill 54
600 Justice 08 200 Silver Hill 63
200 Mexican 19 i 200 Silver Hill 67
20 Ophir 65|
Afternoon Session,
Mornlnc Session.
500 Alta 07 { 600 Justic« 08
300 Best & Belcher 24 SCOO Justice 09
400 Chollar 19 300 Justice 10
200 C C & Va....l624 S-i savage 19
800 Gould- & Curry. 25
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Afternoon. Session.
40Q Alt* 08 £0 Gould & Curry. 25
700 Andes 04 60 Ophlr ..^ 69
200 Best & Belcher 24 150 Potosl IS
60 Caledonia ......1 05 150 Silver Hill Bo
100 Chollar 20 200 Silver Hill 64
100 Gould & Curry. 24 100 Union Con...... 20
Mornlns Session.
800 Bullion 04: 200 Sierra Nevada. 2?
200 Gould & Curry. 25 100 Silver Hill B0
200 Hale & Norcrs. 30 50 St Louis 10
Following were the sales in the Pan Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Street
100 National 6 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
115 Home Oil 4 70
300 Yukon 75
500 American Fuel SO
1000 Independence 17
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 37»»
Afternoon Session.
60 Honokaa S Co J 32 37>i
200 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
125 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
25 Oakland Gas 49 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 75
3 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
40 S F G*6 & Electric Co 4S 50
J100O S P of A bonds Ill 25
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 75
$1000 S F & S J V bonds ., 119 Oil
12 S V Water ; 94 87«,i
6 Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
60 Paauhau S P Co, cash 31 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 00
Paciflco. for Valparaiso: ship Iroquois, for
Honolulu.
CRESCENT CITT-Salled July 10-Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived July 10— Schr Alice
Cooke. hence June 2".
KAHULUI-To sail July 3— Bark Carrollton,
for Taccma.
LAHAINA— Sailed June 13— Ship Elwell. for
Chemainus".
. HONOLULU— Palled June 23— Ship Florence,
for Tacoma.
Sailed June 27— nark Albert, for San Fran
cisco. June 2!*— Ship Bangalore, for Kahulul.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 10— Schr
Maxim, for Kureka.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 0— Ship Spartan, for
San Francisco; stmr Que»n. for Sltka.
Arrived July 10— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay.
Arrived July 9 — Stmr Brunswick, from Dutch
Harbor.
EUREKA— Sailed July 10— Stmr North Fork.
for Pan Francisco.
PAN DIEGO— Arrived July 10-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer. from Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— Palled July 10— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN POUTS.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed July 7 — Jap stmx
America Mam, for San Francisco. July 8 — Br
stmr Empress of India, for Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— Arrived June 24— Ger bark
Werra, from Newcastle, Aus.
DELAGOA BAY-Salled July 10-Ship James
Nesmith. for Newcastle. NSW.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July »— Stmr Peru, for
Panama.
MORORAN— Sailed July 8— Br stmr Almond
Branch, for Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN.— Arrived July 9— Ger ship
Marsrretha, from Oregon: July 10— Br ship
Cromdale. hence March 10.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA-Arrived prior to July 10— Stmr
Hongkong Maru. from San Francisco, for
Hongkong.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 10— Stmr Jlaas
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to July 10—
Stmr Mariposa, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 10— Stmr Batavia,
from New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July 9-Stmr Palrta, for
New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 8— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
MANILA— Arrived July J— Stmr Beaconshlre.
from Tacoma.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 11— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 11, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrraphie Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 10, 1900.
The tlma ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, 17. S. N., in charge.
Steamer Movements.
13
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
M Time Time Time Time
? Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
9 la XV H W L. XV H Wi
11 ... 4:20—0.7 11:46 4.6 4:05 J.I 10:03 S.9
,2... 5:11-0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57' 2.9 19:55 5.S
13 ... 6:52 —0.7 1:04 6.0 5:50 2.7 11:49 5.tS
.4... 6:31—0.4 1:40 5.1 6:45 2.4
h w t. w n w i> w
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 2.1
6 ... 1:45 5.1 7:56 0.5 2:56 5.5 8:49 1.7
.7 ... 2:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 5.6 9:511 1-3
'Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Mr>anx 'Australia UoTT.it. S pm Pl»r 7
DM Norte.. | Portland | July 11. S am | Pier 20
Orizaba ...|Humbo1dt July Yi. T pmjPler S
Santa Rosa. San Dle&o July 12. 11 am Pier 11
Ptat» o f rni'^irtUnd T 'ilv T. 11 nmlP'T 2*
North ForklHumboldt |JuIy 13. 9 amJPIer 2
(V>o.- Bav...'N>wp"rt i.fulv 1*. ftamiPltr 11
St Paul .. Cape Nome July 14, 2 pm Pier 34
Eureka .... Humboldt July 14, 2 pm Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay July 15, 12 m Pier 13
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. July 15, 11 am Pier 9
Newburj .. Grays Harbor July 15. 6 pm
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. July 18. 2 pm Pier 2
Corona .... San Diego July 18. 11 am Pier 11
Nome City. Cap* Nome.... July 18. 2 pm Pier 34
Columbia .. Portland Jury 17, 11 am Pier 24
Steamer. From. Due.
Willamette Seattle July 11
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Crescent CUy...|Cresceni City .-jJuly 12
Coos Bay July 12
Newburc Grays Harbor July 11
Universe lOyster Harbor IJuly IS
Arcata |Coos Bay S|July 13
Eureka. Humboldt July 13
Point Arena Point Arena July 13
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor July U
Corona San Di»go July 14
Columbia Portland July U
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 1*
Orizaba Humboldt July 15
Matteawan ..... Tacoma July 15
Slam Oyster Harbor July 15
Bonita Newport July IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puitet Sound July IS
Coptic China and Japan......... July 17
Belgian Klngr... China and Japan July 17
Australia Honolulu July 17
Santa Rosa San Diego July 18
'Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Mr>anx 'Australia UoTT.it. S pm Pl»r 7
DM Norte.. | Portland | July 11. S am | Pier 20
Orizaba ...|Humbo1dt July Yi. T pmjPler S
Santa Rosa. San Dle&o July 12. 11 am Pier 11
Ptat» o f rni'^irtUnd T 'ilv T. 11 nmlP'T 2*
North ForklHumboldt |JuIy 13. 9 amJPIer 2
(V>o.- Bav...'N>wp"rt i.fulv 1*. ftamiPltr 11
St Paul .. Cape Nome July 14, 2 pm Pier 34
Eureka .... Humboldt July 14, 2 pm Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay July 15, 12 m Pier 13
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. July 15, 11 am Pier 9
Newburj .. Grays Harbor July 15. 6 pm
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. July 18. 2 pm Pier 2
Corona .... San Diego July 18. 11 am Pier 11
Nome City. Cap* Nome.... July 18. 2 pm Pier 34
Columbia .. Portland Jury 17, 11 am Pier 24
Steamer. From. Due.
Willamette Seattle July 11
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
Crescent CUy...|Cresceni City .-jJuly 12
Coos Bay July 12
Newburc Grays Harbor July 11
Universe lOyster Harbor IJuly IS
Arcata |Coos Bay S|July 13
Eureka. Humboldt July 13
Point Arena Point Arena July 13
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor July U
Corona San Di»go July 14
Columbia Portland July U
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 1*
Orizaba Humboldt July 15
Matteawan ..... Tacoma July 15
Slam Oyster Harbor July 15
Bonita Newport July IS
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puitet Sound July IS
Coptic China and Japan......... July 17
Belgian Klngr... China and Japan July 17
Australia Honolulu July 17
Santa Rosa San Diego July 18
M Time Time Time Time
? Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
9 la XV H W L. XV H Wi
11 ... 4:20—0.7 11:46 4.6 4:05 J.I 10:03 S.9
,2... 5:11-0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57' 2.9 19:55 5.S
13 ... 6:52 —0.7 1:04 6.0 5:50 2.7 11:49 5.tS
.4... 6:31—0.4 1:40 5.1 6:45 2.4
h w t. w n w i> w
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:45 2.1
6 ... 1:45 5.1 7:56 0.5 2:56 5.5 8:49 1.7
.7 ... 2:52 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 5.6 9:511 1-3
IWeeHy Gall $1.00 w Year
f "^ Dr. Gibbon 's Dispensary,
Wnria ln 1^34 tor the treatment of Prirat*
Jfl/jL-aW Di«ea3ea, Lost Manhnixt Debility or
HaSgpJtsn (lisea.i-'rearlngoii bodrandminfiand
skin Diseases. '1'be doctorcureswben
others (nil. Try him. Ctwrf f» low
u^mtSSHXtmao <orr«rB»rant»»l. Ca!lorwrit)%
Or. J. *". UIBBOJI, Box i»37.Saa Frasdaco
;',.;'% Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 190a.
FROM BAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL V-ALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:0O. '8:10, »:M, U:00 a. m.1
12:45. »1:45. IM. 4:15. # 5:15. «:1S. (:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Batael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAT8-7:00. »8:00 •9:00, •10:00. 11:00, hm
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 1:30. *!:4i. S:0O. 1:00. lot
p. ¦ m. -
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. '"
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:S5. •«:». 7:50. 8:40. »10:U al
m.; 1J:M. 1M5. 2:15. *3:3o. 4:30. 6:30_p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAY8-6:15. »S:0O. •»:». •11:00a. tn.; 11:0a
m. : l;00. 2:15. »S:30. 4:M. 'hAl. 1:45. I:S0. io^i»
p. m.
Train* marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:53, 1:45. 8:00, 8:65, 10:» «.
m.: 12:15. 1:45. 2:45. 8:30. 4:50. S:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. • Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:tO p. m.
SUNDAYS- «:S5. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; U:li
1:20 2:S0. S:4S. 4:S5. «:15, 7:03. 10:30 p. ra.
THROUGH TRAINa "
7:00 a. m. week days— Tazadero and way sta-
tion*.
i S:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except sd)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
12:45 p. m. Eundays— Point Reyes and way
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NOBTHWESTEflN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Forry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— ;:S0. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 15:J5,
1:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. tn. Thursday*— Extra, trip
at 11: SO o. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:»*
and 11:39 d. m.
6UNDAT8-8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30,
6:00. «:20 v. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. »:3>. 11:10 a. m.: U:«.
1:40. 5:1J p. m. Saturdays — Extra trtpa aS
1:35 and t:33 d. m.
ETNDAYS-8:10. 9:«, 11:19 a. ra.; l:«t 1:40.
4:05. «:2S p. m.
Between can Franclceo and Schuetzen Park
— Ltnt schedul* aa abov.
" Lear* j In Effect. I Arrtv*
Btn Francisco. (Apr. 13. VXti.\ San >t*nclsgq
•Week J Sun- J 1 Sun- I Wm»
Days. I days. | Dgstlnatlon.l days. | X>my.
L I:j0»n S:00sm Novato. 10:40 anil 1:40 tra
¦1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm,19:O am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Banta Rosa. 1:35 pm| t:» pra
Fulton.
t:30 am Windsor. 10:S m
Healdsburf.
G*y*9rville.
»:$0 pm t:00 am Ctorerdale. T:g pm S:tO pm
T:tO ami I Ropland I 110:23 aa»
t:W pm| t:00 oral and LTctah. j T.SS pa>| l:» pm
T:tO am f U:2S an»
S:00 am Guernerffla,! 7:3S pm
«:S0 pm 1 «:38 P°*
I:J0ara 1:00 am Sonoma t:15 am 8:40 ara
and
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ell«n. 1:05 pro »:» pm
7:30 anil 8:fO ami 110:40 am[10:33 am
8:80 pm| B:CO pm| Bebastcpol. | T:35 pm) I:f3 pct
Starn connect at Santa Rerx tor Mark West
Bprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lrtton Sprlnga: at
O>yserrlll» for Skacss Sprtnva: at CIOT«rdal»
for the Qer*ers: at Kopland for Duncan
Bprlnr*. HlghUnd Sprtnfs. KeUerrtlle, Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprtng-s; at TJkiah for Vichy Springs. 6aratoe»
Bprinrs. Blue L 'ten. Laurel D*ll Lake. WUt«r
Br-lnjs. Upper Lake. Poroo. Potter Valley,
Jann Day's, Riverside, Llerleys, Buckn*lV».
fianhe/ tn H*lthti. Hallvllle. Orrs Hot
Eprine*. Mendoclno City. Fort Bran, West-
port Usal. Wllllts. Layton»Ul«. Cuismira.
Bell's Sprinjrs, Harris, Olsen's. Dy«r, Scot!*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Uonday round trip tlcketi at
reduced ratet.
On Sunday round trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rmtea.
Ticket offices. «30 Market St.. Chronicle bl-ir.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAJT.
„ General Mar.acer. Gen. Pass. A<snL
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCE5I0 HAILWAT
Leave San Francisco rta Sansallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS..»:M a. m.. 1:43 and l:U p. ra.
SUNDAYS.. ..8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Eat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. tn.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE 60c
BAY AND RIVES STEAMERS.
'Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. tn.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., flats.. l!4 Morrtoomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOSOI,UtC, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu), to New Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed., July 11. 8 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
COMPAGNIE OENFRALE TRANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jujw
Pailln? every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. U99. at -->*»**2<»
IP a.', m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton «t. L.A LORRAINE. July 12: LA BRK-
TAONE. July 19; LA CHAMPAGNE. July 2S;
LA TOURAINE. August 2. First clas* to
Havre, $$! 50 and upward. Second class tr>
Havre $33 and upward: 5 per tent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
Way (Hudson Building), New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m.. —
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of ratlins.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1300
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3, 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. Aurust 29, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TOES. 8O17TZAKFTOH. LONDON. MBI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork July HfSt. Lonls -..July 2S
Bt. Paul JulylS'New York August 8
RED STA?* LINS.
N«w Yortc, arjd Antwi-v
Frcm New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland July 11 iPouthwark July 25
Frlesland July lS|Westernland ..August 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montromery street.
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO" from 3eattle to Noras and St.
Michael, May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Beattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
20 Montcomery street.
T A Coley to Pacific Coast Lumber and Mill
romnany re-record 738 d. 114. lot on W line of
I r "kslev avenue. 225 N of Summer street. N
nSsSriVT lOO beinc portion of lots 21 and 12,
'ilntk'jey Fquare Tract, Oakland; J10.
Cary and Fanny K. Jlowar* to Realty Syndi-
Alamcda County.
Mi>. K. A. Stone to same, lot on N\V corner
of Larkln a^d Chestnut streets, N 146:10 by W
139:6; $10.
Charles B. and E. K. Stone to Joseph Freder-
icks lot on N* line of Green etr^et, 163:6 E of
D^visadcro, n 3%:10 hy N 137:6: $10.
Edwin E. and Carrie L. Parker to John C.
Brirkell. lot on W line of Cherry etreet. 40 S
of Clay. S S3 by W 105:4: J10.
Robert F. Morrow, Addison E. and Rebecca
H. Head to fcSan Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth and Fol-
som streets. N 2."6 by E 550: $10.
John C. and Emma Lastufka to Mary Nerney,
lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 112:8 W
Of Church. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Thomas 11. Henry to Katie Henry, lot on E
line of Hampshire street, 173 N of Twenty-
fourth N 25 by E 100: gift.
Jennie 13. Greenwood to Emily Eliza Mcln-
to«h lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 325 S of
La~ke ftreet, S 25 by E 120; $10. *
Walter Mclntosh to same, came; gift.
B A I-<e Van and Lena P. Rtley (both for-
merly Crowley) and Mary Crowley to Olive
Verkouteren, lot on S line of Seventh avenue
K' uth 120 W of K street South. W 60 by 8 100.
block' HL Central Park Homestead Associa-
tirn- $100
Timothy J- and John Crowley to same, lot on
o nj£. O f Kever.th avenue South, 140 W of K
ttiret South, W 60 by S 100; $10.
ocella and A Goodman to Edward Maloney,
lot 7 block P. Park Lane Tract Xo. 4; $10.
Ma'rk and Lena Sommer to same, lot 6. same;
Fellows' Cemetery Association to James
Arrn«tron»c lot on BE corner of Parker avenue
anTJedar Path. W 10 by S 9:6; $150.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Louise
D. and John C. Brlckell (executors of the estate
of John Brlckell), lot on NW corner of Larkln
and Chestnut streets. N 137:6 by W 137:6; .
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF A.VT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle lor the eshes and organ services
Is $30. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
ItOOMS TO LET — Forn. nnd Infnrn.
f MI XV A. 647. cor. F/rfcth— New furnished bay-
Silodow ro.im. fl r*r weok: transient.
OAK. US— Floor of 5 rooms, hath, JH; 2 fur-
rlfh*>d rooir.F. flu; FinKl<>. tS. -
OAK. nr>-2 FUtw.y lanre frnr.t rooms. JS: un-
furnis-hod: close!*: «>e them; other rooms.
CFABBEtX 20 — Sunny fumifhed rooms and
offices; f'.fvatcr- electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
j'OWELL. 121— LiKht. clean rms.; t-uites °J* in '
git : transient: ruaning »ater: rates reduce'l.
JXAVELI^. tO9— iriegantly furnished front and
bark r.imf; sim-le and on fulte.
t'OSF.DALE Hoase. SIS and 211 Ellis Ft.-Rooir,s..
nlctit. gSe t.i Ji: ireek. tl g to W: cpen night.
¦ ROYAL'. HOUSE.". 'VJ» Ellis st.-lncandescent
llrrrt i*»<Hn»> room, smoking room and lsa.es
r-.-r! V room*. r#r r.tpht. 2?c to *l B0: week. %Z
• CJonth. ti to t;0; elevator .>n rffice floor;
ronm'f v.jti-. hot af.d cold water: baths.
6JICUAMENTO. «4S — Neat furnished rooms;
rn\;';e family; Jl and upward.
PIinnMAN Apartment House. CS Eighth St..
! far Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
i-lXTIi IS'V- Furnished front and back parlors;
.;.;,-,;¦, ¦ r flodoft Dtfioe or dressmaker.
FTTJCXT front rooran to lft:rst<«s reasonable;
!ri-fre r<v.m«. 1«< x SiI3. «^all office.
$1>— Sir,c> and «»n suite; for rentle-
r--. icd for CaniliM; special attention to
¦ •• ¦-
TIIinTEEJCTH. 147— Baric room, furnished or
-.,*i-.r>; «unny i-arlnr.
QOOUS AND HOARD.
> FASIILT ha-, ins a lsrre. refined, ¦well fur-
nithed borne sriU accommodate a few pei-
- '. rpfprpnecs; table ani a\\ appoint-
• -.:> Brirt-daBSt. Iiox S171. Call office.
TV 'ZNTY-flXTH. E ,-_^ n _ ar jii Ef: i OD _N-iee!y
f^rn:K'.* 5 Funny room*, with or without
t> »rd, a: vr-ry rea^orabie priceR.
J.»P TALMAS, Id Martcet Ft.— Suite of ? OT S
nni.; :ir:v-i;»: Lath; sin, rmf.: board optional.
I:JO*IS AM) BOARD WAXTBD,
fOITCG na«trm prr.tlc man fppUs home In 5e-
lecl private family; hicl'f>st references Kiven;
r.. li r>:d>-«r. h^usc?; fcive full particu'.ars.
Si'UflAL NOTICES.
J " "¦: :* brreby Riven that th* Maria Kip
i-,:,:-rn(;f of &2» lAk« San Francisco, has
;« -•. e<i t!.e followirR orphan. half-crFhan
a-; abandoned p;r!s fr<-tn March 31 to June
ji j ¦¦' Marrietta F. McKewen, 4 years <^
¦ ¦-¦-!-•-,. c Rran r. McCarthy. IJ year* %
month*; Mar? E. MfCartay. l'l years S
•r<-v.-f: Esther H. Sr.j^^r*. 1 yea: 4
>~>. • :-.-: rr::Tia I~. Fifher. U yenrs C months:
i »•:> . •' Ftaber. 7 years I months.
I. .¦> ra.f-rel from J3: whitrned. Jl up;
rn:--:r? dene. Hartrrsan Paint Co.. ?1? Third.
tG.'F •ir.-rt(« e^rtcd for I!: coU«*fcra« ir»a»:
rit» rr ™:r::y. PACIFIC COLLECTION
<-.-. .-- v< -T-- -i»T «T room li 9-if: tel. 5r.<3.
FRWIXG M\(HI\ES AND SUPPLIES.
/.I.I. k.r-?s bnurht fold rtA repairirg Ruaran-
t<=f1. QMS. 1'inrr.beck. ISIS Mission, nr. Uth.
;¦!.!. k ncs bc-.irht. eol<l. cxrharre'i. rented;
r*rw1rfnff i»1 lowest r^re«. 206 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
ETAIiI.E. Z~' «ta!>: f«r pxprpss or m:!k
¦ : : :¦-,. --.th'? r^nt fre»; rh»ar. 8CT Missiin.
~ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
W ILSON BROS.. Ftnraee and tnovinit: covered
not T"rth and Market: phone South H2.
PACIFIC t-'torape and Furniture Moi"!nc Com- :
I ar.y. y* Kiilnjore ft.; phene Jackson SSI.
rrKIN c Van and Ft^race Co. 722 Mission St.. \
t*i Vai-^ T4Q— Packir.e. ri^v-iTig an1 Ftirare. :
-. nTEWWTEBS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W« :
ftll bett*r machines for less, incr.ey than any j
hct:s<» In the city: rentals. S3. The Typewriter :
rv^jrt» EM California. Toli=phr>ne Main I*€. i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMCDA HEAL ESTATE.
IF Tom want to buy elepar.t r.ew house of * !
roorr.5 and base-mer.t call at 1*:3 Reee^t »t , |
oaklanF advertisements, j
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO SAVE FOnECLOSURE.
tZ$W buys a brautiful 8 ronmea nearly new
colonial style name in Fruit va!e. with lot 75x140 j
f"«-t oa hieh ground; clcwe to Fr-jitvale ave.;
fcarn and lot <.' fru'.t trees; mortgage of S2G04 is
rresflne: tuch chanr-es are fcarce and generally
cell quick. CJEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
U I Broadvajr, Oakland.
THREE BLOCKS FROM BROADWAY.
Z-''- r — C--ttz.re of f roon:s. bath. hall, base-
ment av.-i iay-«rU>dow on Fanny e'.i" and in a
choice lo'-ation; one tlock to public plaza;
; Bevestb st.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1001 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FfRNITlBB FOR SALE.
AN* Introduction to you from H. SohR'.lhaas. the
fi;rn;t':r» <1ea!>r. 7i?h anil Fraiiklin. Oakland.
DISSOLITI03S OF PARTNERSHIP.
tCOTICE OF DISSOLUTION OF PARTNER-
SHIP.
Th» here-tifore exictlnRr tinder !
¦ h'A ftyje of ALH?:RT A: POLL in |
the . cossty of Kan Francisco Is )
E8O)v*4 li? rr.utu%l oonrent. MH. !
I.'!J:.\!A>.N ALIIERT havinff purchased the j
«-r;riT^ inj«>«>«;t r.f MFi: DIEDP.ini I^OI^L In
Ibe concern. Dated ?an Fram-lwo. July 10,
HERMAN" ALBERT.
MEDRirH TOLL.
i.i \ ii»i;m» xotices.
DIVIDEND Nv.tl'-e-'niviaend No. si (twenty-
r.v/> '-f-r.'s I'^r Fhare) of the HutchinFon Sugar
risntation <ompany will be payable at the
»:fl:r*- r>t thA rfimpany. 22T Markei «tt.. on And
after Friday. July :<:th. 1W. Tra.nrfer books
• ill doM on ?atur<1ay. July 14th, 1M0, at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHKLPOy. Secretary.
MVir>ENU NOTICE — The Nevada National
' • ?: or San Francisco. At a. regular meet-
Ir.e cf the Hoard of Directors of this bank,
held July 3. 1&00. * dividend was declared for
th* half ymr ending Jure 30. 1SP0, at the rate
cf teven <7> per cent per annum, payable on
ar.d aft^r the ICth ln*t. Transfer books will
be closed from the l«h to the 16th lnst., both
fiaye Inclusive. CEOKGE GRANT,
July ?. 1^0- Secretary.
2IABBIAGK LICENSES.
The fo'.'.owinff rcarrlaKe licenses were issued
yerterday:
John emlth, 2?. citr. and Maud V. Turner,
II. Oakiar-.d.
Philip L. Bannan, 21, city, aafl Tereea E.
Kf !ly. IS, city.
Jrseph nittenberjr, 27, IC«w Orleans, and
Tir-ckie Baron. 22. city.
lliohael Lucey. 36. 1113 Montgomery street,
end Mary Lucy. 25. 1113 Montgomery s«reet.
Arthur J. Brannacan. rr. SOI Third street, aud
llflr-n M. Forde, 21. 663 Folsom street.
Geors* Ellshnltz. 49, city, and Dora Kelterer,
:<. rity.
r-l'.arl^^ C. Oohcn 23. 720 Green Btreet, and
f'-ra Mfarns, Cl, TZK Powrll Btreet.
Otf> J. Joel. ;c, i;i« Wdy street, and Pau-
line M. Cor.stine, 23, 1:2s j;nis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
nirth. marriage an<5 death notices eent by
mall will not b* lnwrtcd. They mus=t be handed
In at fither f>l the publication ofn>e« and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eor.g authorizfd to have the eame published.
BO EN*.
FAHCAXDEn-In this city, June 17. 1900, to
the wife of F. r. fcarcander. a daughter.
: K! LLICGRN'-In Gllroy. July 2. YM. to the
iviif of Grr, r x» k. Fkrllicom. a daughter.
MABB.IED.
!T-GOLnMAN-In this city. July 8, 1900.
• Itabbl Isidore Myers. Phillip Ureit and
¦•::n!«> Ooldman. l>oth of San Francisco.
. M?Y— LAXDEKS— In Fan Ilafael. June 3,
•. 1 •>' ib» I'.ev. W. H. Atkinson, Milton II.
:<»by end J'earl Landrrp.
:::<JTOX— WALSH— In San Rafael. July
: V."' 1 . by the It«"X\ ST. Marshall. Edmund
I ' i.riiriKion and Annie C. WalBh, both of Ban
frandaco. - ¦-•: ¦• -¦¦/ -.¦¦... . .'
McflUOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1^9 Market «t.. between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
<Succeej=or» to Flannasran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« % Steamers leavo Broadway
»w wharf. San Francisco:
Ighfr, For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
R®j?JaK J"iy i°. i». -°- 25 - *°- A u *' J3t
fc^tjiiSfeH *¦ Change to company's steam-
rV?TESi»-lra «r« at Seattle.
t^SSI «il For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fcraaC^SSTui C-). Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes
«• HS£8Ktt and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
u a. m.. July 10. 15. 20, 25.
30, August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. R"y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. July
7. 12. 17. 22. *7, August 1. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anseles> and Newport—
9 a. m.. July 6. ID. 14. 18. 22. 2«. 30. Aurust
3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieeo. etopDlnsr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Fort
Los Anseles and Redondo (Los Angeles>— 11 a.
m July 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. Aurust 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
«nd Guayraas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the rlitht to Chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot sailing
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New. Montromery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
. Frcm Spear-street Whart at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Includlnq Bert't
rAnt $3 Second Clas* and Meal*
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July U. 2J. Anr. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7, 17. 27. Auk. 6
Short line to "Walla Walla, Kpokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Arent,
(30 Market st..
GOODALL. PKRKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
imtsibi pirifio ccirin.
IrAoiria srvrsM.)
Train* ¦•»»• «••»«• •»«••• «•«• *• mwwtv mm
NAN rRARVMCA
Ol&ln Lit*. Toot of Market Street)
tun — Fkom Mat IX »«»¦ — AMMTrm
•7xOO* BenlcU. Huii-in, Elmir*. VacatM*
Ramsejaml o»cr»meuw> *?i!3»
•7:004 Sha«u Kx;>rrss-Davis. William* (fo>
Butlett 3rrin«s). WUlaws. Had
BJufl. I'ortiiiiO. *7t**9
•7:S9» Martinez. 1»u lia.non. V*JlcJo. >'»c».
Oliit^g* »n.ld»nt» Ron **i13f
*S:OOa D»tl\ Woodlaad. KnlgaU LtodlBf,
MarjatUU. Orot 111*. »7il»»
• ¦»:OO» AU»atic Kxpreu— Oed«u aad Eaat 'lists*
•»¦«•* H.i Jot«. Lltermuro. Htockton,
Ion*. Hactmmauto, Fl»e«niU»,
M.rjulii". Chico. Uad Rluff Mil3f
•Si30* O»kd«Ie. ChiaaM (for Yotamtte).
Bonora. Carter*. Mil3»
•»:«•» Hayvrardt. Nile* and Way Stations. • 1 1 «¦«»*
**:OWa Los Aagalra Express — Martins*.
Trier. L*tatdp, btoekton, Murted
¦ . andrreino # «il3»
•9iXO» Valleio. Martfnes and Way Stetiona ••i«.1»
• 1O:OO» Tha Overland Limited— Ogdan. D«n-
ver. Omaha. Chicao *8il3r
¦ll>O*a Nllri. LiTermore, dcocktOD. S«or%-
men** MnndoU, Uanford, VU»1U.
l'ort«Ti:i« MjISp
•I3:00m lUywurdi. N!lr» and Way Station*. a 3i4.1r
fltattr SasraiaoDto Ul»«r Stmmsra tS:O«*
•3:Oi)p Haywarda. Nile* and Way Station*. •»> 13 r
•4:<Hlr Marline*. Haa tUoaon. V»ll«Jo,
Nap*, CalUtof*. SauU Rom *0ilS*
•iiOUr Banloia, Winton. 8McmOM«fa,
Woodlaad. Kulabta i-.~t«f,
MarrartUs. OtotIII* •!•:•¦*
MiSOr Nile*. Han Jnaeand Stookloa) •?•!•>
•amor The Owl Umlt«d— Twer, Tietao.
B»kena«M. .-t»i jn«» for SanU Bar*
fcara. Loa Astalea. '•:»3»
•8>t)Or Tresoa Pacaaoter— Mtrtinea. Latb-
roj>. dtoeatoa, Meraad, Berooda
(Kajmoad for Yesemlta), Fraano. . • 1 1 1 1 » »
•BiSDf New Jrl-aai Exoress-liakenflald.
o*n»a Barbara. Loa Anielea, Daai*
Inc. Kl Pato. Km Oclaaus and
Baal *Si4«*
•SilCy Santo r» Kouw- Atlautto Xxptaas
far Hojafa au<l Koat '•'•'»
••••Op Huwudi, Nilaskodrtaa Jcai *7t4»»
<«iOOr VaTujo 'Hiia*
•etOVr Oriantal Mall— Ogdaa. Ch«jenna.
Omaha. Chicago — •¦lrtaU
•«:0Op Orliutal Mall— Ofden. Dearer.
Offlaaa. Chlcafn. *4itlp
17««0f ValleK rut Cotta aiiJ Way Bta-
Uoua. i I»:*5f
•¦iQSr Orrjoa aad CtitrnrnI* Kxpreas.Mas-
tKineuta, Murjulllo. Ke>!tllu«.
r>Mtlr.:..i. rii(.l Hom.hI a,,,| K*l\ ******
COAST DlftMIM (K«rfM Wnoja).
__^ {Foot cf Market Str»n».>
ft*t*A Sant* Crat Kxearsion (or Santa
Crus and rrincir*I Way Stations IStKr
•8ll*i New»rk,C«'.iti'rii;ir,5 : »n.loii». FHton,
BoalderOrrelt. Hauta Oimaad Way
SUtiona •«!»•»
tlxl 3p Mavark. Oi.t«r»l!!r Sau 3o—/Htnt
Alsudan, r«!ton. II»oId«r Ctwtk.
Santa Crus *a<t 1'riJuipal tTay
¦ BtatloD* tl"*-'***
*4iI3p Nawark. Han Jos». Loa Gatoa *SiA«4
a-filOr Olanwood. Foltop. Banta Crux «»:3a>^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'mm SI* ritlieUCO— rnt *r Harkat Slri.l(j:i»l»-
•7:15 0:00 114Oa.it. 1 1:33 *3:Q3 t3:Q8
* *i£i tB:ca •e::3r.».
rttaOlUin— Fttt •fBr«i«w«».— *fl:00 8:00 10:00 ».«.
tiaO3 '1:03 13 C3 «S:S3 HM '103 rja.
COAST IMTISION (liroail «.'•¦(•).
(ThlrJ i»im| ToiTiuen.i SU)
t«ilO* Ocsait View, rioulh S.n Krau<:iaoo.. t«s«#»
t7l»<>A Han Jos* ami \Y»y Ht»t|.>na <Xa*
Alinadmi tV«<lne«I«TB snly) •!«»•»
t7iX9a Bvnday Excursion f-.r Can Joaav
Aacta Criz. Padflo Grot* aad
Principal Way Stations I»i3.1»
•BiOH* Hau Joaa. Tres »¦>»¦. Hkiita, Crux.
Pacific (ir»«B. I'aan Koblca. Han
l.ui* Oliimm. Snif. Loiopoo and
Principal W»f SUtiurn *«:ia)p
•10.10, Ba, D Joaa and Way Utatlm.a. 'h.3.1*
¦limn* ManJ<Me,LoaGatO9»ia!\VajHUt!ons *3>X«r
t«<4»r Sau Hateo. lt-tlwoo.l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, bantu Clara. Han .Io«»,
Tres Pinos. Santa Cmi, Salinas.
Montarey ami PaciOo Grot* tlO:SA«
HtXOp flan Joia and Way Stations *?:3op
tlSr San JoM%nd Principal Way Station* *l»il"»»
:OOr San Joa*. Loa Oato* and Principal
Way SUtlOD* t»:O«»*
•SlSAp Sao Joia and Principal Way Station* IMS*
•6i3»p fiao Jom aiwl WayHtallons t"»:f>'>4
•ll«4»p Saw Jo— an.1 Way Stations »7iaor
A for Moruin; P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t »u»4*r axcepted. t Sunday only
a Saturday only.
• iatnrla* and Sud.Ut . e H unday ta4 Kartin
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wedresday*. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Go'deau. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BCHWEIHARDT— In the City and County Hos-
pital, July 10, 1900. John Schweihardt, a na-
tive of Indiana, ased 30 years.
SHFIRRETT-In this city. July 9. 1900. George
Vincent, detrly beloved son of Katie and the
lale George Sherrett. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months and 20 days.
lET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 1 o'clock, from his mother s
residence, 91 Manchester street, near Twenty-
eighth, between Folsom and Howard. Inter-
ment Holy Cr«« Cemetery.
SINGLETON— In this city, July 9, 1900. Charles
John. b*loved husband of Mrs. Jenevera Sin-
gleton, a native of London, aged E3 years. A
member of Millard Fillmore Lodge. K. of P..
of Buffalo. N. Y. : also a member of the Order
of Choxen Friends. Crescent Council NO.2S.
O. C. F.. of Chicago, 111. (Buffalo and Chi-
cago rspers please copy.) •
GTFr!end«s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of" the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. :4~< Mission etreet, near Twenty-first.
WILSON— In this city, July 10, 1900. Hazel WH-
ron dearly beloved daughter of Frank N.
and Fiell Wilf=nn. and sister of Grace. Jessie
and Frank Wilson, a native of San Fran-
clsro. agfd 3 months and 13 days.
WOOD?— At rest, July 8, 1900. Frank H. Woods,
a~r-A £1 '»ar*.
"(rT 1 funeral services this <1ay ("Wednes-
day) at 1:31 o'clock, at his late residence,
913 Fine rtreet. Interment strictly private.
YrNG— In Mr>de*to. July S. l?no. Philip N., be-
loved son of Roslna and the late Nicholas
Yung, a native of fan Francisco, aged 33
years and 11 months.
CXInterment private, this day (Wednesday).
irTTriende and acquaintances are respect-
fuilv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. Andrew Valentine. 3213 Twen-
tieth street, between Fcl&om and Harrison-
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
PREPAI'LT— In this city. July 8, 1900. Gregory
Presault. a native of Canada, aged 64 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invifd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 25 Sheridan street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
•rill be celebrated for tfie repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KICOLr— In this city, July 9, 1900, Mary S.,
Tvife cf J'-'hn C Nicol. mother of Maggie. An-
drew, IJzziP. Charles and Willie Nicol. daugh-
ter of Andrew Valentine, and sister of John
«nd Margaret Valentine, a native of Califor-
nia. ag r d 4") years 9 months and 23 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1 |N 5 Chattanooga street, thence to
St Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MITCHFXl'-Tn th!« city. July 10, irw>, Mary
A., beloved wife of Paul Mitchell, and mother
of Marie J. Blanch, a native of New York,
a,;<='i EJ years.
C7Triend<= are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. 653 Harrison
ureet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORTOX— In this rity. July 9. 1S00. Johajina,
beloved wife of <I. W. Morton, mother of Nel-
lie Reiterman. daughter of Ellen and the late
P. R. O'nrien. and sister of Mrs. K. Reuter
and William O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
«.i.-ro. a;ed 26 years.
Cy Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3<> o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12S Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's" Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
aicNALLY— In tW« city. July S. 1900. Fred A.
McNally. a native of New Jersey.
CTFrienrtP and acquaintances- are respect-
fully in\it^J to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 1 "' o'clock, from the parlors
of Vaiente. Manni & Co.. i:<34 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis church, where a solemn
reouiem hiEh mass (rill be celebrated for the
repose of hts soul, commencing at 10 o'clock,
thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery for inter-
ment.
MeGINLEY— In this city, July 10, 1900. An-
drew beloved and only son of Mrs. Stephen
Fitzgerald and the late Andrew McGiniey.
brother. of Mrs. John Gerlach. uncle of Ber-
nard Gerlach. grandson cf Mrs. Susan Camp-
b«-!l ar.'l nepliew of Mrs. J. S. Parsons, Mrs.
Jam"? H. Maher, Barney McHugh and the
inte James McGiniey. a native of Gold Hill,
Nev.. aired IS years 5 months and 20 days.
[CXFrlends and nequair.tances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Mizpah l^odgo No. 4, A. F. of F., from
th>ir lodseroom, 2131 Mission street, be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of Jamos Hagan. 44; Valencia street.
LAMH-In San Rafael. July S. 1900, Katie Fran-
ces, only child of Philip and Mary Lamb, and
niece of Mrs. G. RomanJer and Mrs. Peter
O'Rnen of San K.afael, a native of San Fran-
ciwo. aged 12 years 7 months and 8 days.
CTT'Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday*, at 10:30 o"clock, from her late
resilience. SCS Hampshire street, thence to St.
Peter'a <'hurch tor services at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
LEAHY— In this city, July 10. 19C0, Cornelius
J dearly beloved son of the late Daniel and
liannah 'Leahy, and beloved brother of Pat-
rick and Maggie Leahy, a native of Saa
Frpncisco.
C7Frienda and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invite.l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), st 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
denee, 17 Gilbert street. Interment Cypress
I r»w n Cemetery. »
JOHONSEN— in this city. July 8, 1900. Miss
Christine Jebonsen. beloved aunt of Christine
J"honsen. a native of Denmark, aged 48
years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BTRNES-In San Rafael. July 10, 1900. Edith
Margaret, beloved daughter of William M.
and Ellen E. Byrnes, and granddaughter of
M. F. Cochrane. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years and S months.
GALLAGHER— In this city. July 8. 1500. Ber-
nard, husband of Catherine J. Gallagher, a
tiatiie of Ireland, aged 73 years.
ir3Trinnd.« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wedr.eFday). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
.Ipnoe. 703 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Mary s Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
l.igh n-.a^s n:il be celebrated for the repose of
Ms soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEORGE— In the City and County Hospital.
.Iu!y 9. 190ft. Christ George, a native of Greece.
»sed "b years.
H"PK!NP-In Yountville, July ft, ifoo. at the
Wtprans" H<>m»\ (lonrce E. Hopkins, a na-
tive ni Roht.in, Mass., aged 70 years.
JACKSON— In this city. July 10. 1900. Julia
dearly beloved wife nf <"harle 6 A. Jackson.
ar.n mother of Mrs. G. Sprout. Mrs. G. Jaeger,
Mrs. .T. Orani and Eddla Flynn, a native of
Ej'dnejr, Australia, aged 4& years 3 months
and 11 da;s.
Edward and Lilile Baer of Bakersfield, aged
1 year and 3 months.
LouIr SIoss Jr. (owner) with Cahlll & Hall
Elevator Co . (contractors), architect Albert
pissls—All work for one passenger elevator,
two freight elevators, three sidewalk elevators,
chutes, hatchways and pumping system for
building in course of erection on S corner of
Mission and Fremont streets. SW 137:* by SE
137:6; $11,365.
Williame Ede Co. (a corporation) (owners)
with Vulcan Iron Works (contractors), archi-
tect Albert Farr — Structural steel work and
painting thereon for a four-story brick and
pteel warehouse on W corner of Minna and
First streets. SW 150, NW SO, NE 75, SE 35,
NE 75. SE 45; $16.3S0.
Same (owner) with E. T. Loiter (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter and mill work,
plastering, painting, plumbing, tinning, glazing,
etc., for same on same; J12.77L
Callahan Estate Company (corporation) (own-
ers) with Raymond Granite Company (corpora-
tion) (contractors), architect Albert Plssis—
Granite work for a five-story and basement
building on SW corner of Jones and McAUUter
streets. S 4:5H. SW 152:11^. NW 115:8, E 191:9;
$3700.
Same owners with Dyer Brothers (contract-
ore), architect same— Steel work for same on
earr-.e; $52C9.
Same owners with McGllvray Stone Company
(contractors), architect same-
Sand stone work for same on same; $41,977 50.
Same (owners) with M. V. Brady (contrac-
tor), architect same— Brick work and enameled
tiles for samp on same; $10,930.
Alice Scott Smith (owner) with Arthur V. An-
dersen (contractor), architects Coxhead & Cox-
head— Brick, concrete and cement work and ex-
cavations' for a three-story frame bulldinr (6
flats) on N line of Hayes street. 133:4 E of Fill-
more. E 56 by 137:6; $1038.
Same owners with Gas Consumers' Associa-
tion (contractors), architect same — Incandescent
electric wiring for same on same; $1883.
Same owners with Daniel Leahy (contractor),
architect same— Plasterers' work and orna-
mental plaster for same on same. $3363.
Same owners with George J. Smith & Sons
(contractors), architect same— Painters' and
finishers' work and whitewashing for same on
Earne; $1340.
Same owner with Joseph F. Forderer (con-
tractor), architect same— Tinsmith's work,
glazing and skylights for same on same; $1200.
Same owners with George H. Tay Co. (con-
tractors), architect same— Low pressure heat-
Ing plant and hot water heater for same on
same; $1670.
Same owners with Stelger Terra Cotta and
Pottery Works (contractors), architects same —
Ornamental and constructive terra cotta and
encasing with terra cotta columns of first story
and basement for same on same; $2198.
Same (.owners) with Joshua Hendy Machine
"Works (contractors), architect same — Cast-iron
work for Fame on same; $2500.
Same (owners) with Gllley & Co. (contrac-
tors), architect same— Plombing, sewering, gas
litting ami cleaning for same on same; $9500.
Florence A. and W. II. Deming (owners)
with Ingerson & Gore (contractors), architect
Henry A. Schulze— Carpentery and Joinery,
hanlware glass, etc., for a six-story and base-
ment brick building on N line of Turk street.
20t>:3 W of Mason, W 34:4»4 by N 137:6; $15,600.
Fame (owners) with Brode & Clarke (ironwork
contractors), architect same — Wrought Iron and
steel. work, fire escapes, stand pipes, ornamental
wrought Ironwork and cleaning for eame on
same; $2S70.
Max Posner (owner), with Val Franz (con-
tractor), architects Salfield & Kohlberg— Exca-
vation, brick and carpenter work, glazing, tin-
ning, plastering and hardware for alteration*
and additions to a two-story and basement
frame residence on SE corner of Webster and
Pacific Ftreets, E 93 by S 30; total $4920.
San Francisco and Pacific Glass Works (own-
ers), with F. H. Masow (contractor), architects
Salfleld & Kohlberg— All work except roofing
and elevator for a three-story frame warehouse
on NW corner of Fifteenth and Harrison
streets. N 256 by W 60; total. $10,739 50.
W. F. Whittier (owner), with Merrltt F. Gale
(contractor), architect Edward R. Swain— Cut-
ting off and removal of certain portions of
White Lead Work* and erection of a three-
story and basement brick building on the NE
line of Fremont street, 1S3:4 NW of Folsom,
NW 45:10 bv "NE 137:6; total, $18,639.
Builders' Contracts.
Kenneth H. and May McKenzie to E. T. Let-
ter, lot on W line of West street, 4S.76 N of
Thirty-sixth, N 37.50 by W 108.21, being all of
lot 3 and portion of lot 2, block H, Major Given
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Michael O'Gara to John, James and Doml-
nlck O'Gara, lot on N line of West Third
street. SO E of Myrtle. E 25 by N 94, Oak-
land; also property in Groezinger's Addition to
Yountville, Napa County: dft.
" Bridget A. and Thomas Rohan and Mary Con-
sidlne (wife of Patrick) to Margaret Murphy,
lot on N line of Sixth street. 1W E of Alice,
E 25 by N 100, being lot 27, block 62, Oakland;
$soo.
Ernst L. and Mary E. Lawson to Louis E.
Mosca. lot on SW line of Virginia street, 210:6
NW of Baker avenue, NW 100 by SW 150, be-
ing lots 42 to 45, Bromley Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Mary A. Ellis to Clara E. Ellis, lot on NE
corner of Peralta avenue and Jones street, N
49 by E 113, being lot 13, Galindo Tract, subject
to deed of trust to State Savings Bank, Brook-
lyn Township: $14.
Mary Lahm to Jennie M. Lahm, lot on N line
of Alcatraz avenue. 80:3 E of Lowell street, E
60, N 151:11, W 50 S 132:2 to beginning, being
lot 9, block B. Mamon tract, except a strip 8:6
on S side. Berkeley; $10.
The Home Building Company to Annie C.
Dunne, lots 60 and 61. Forest Park Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles Schelle to Lodovieo Rosano, lot on
W line of Tenth street, 150 S of University
avenue, S E0 by W 130, block 39, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso-
ciation. Berkeley: $10.
Joseph R. and Clara J. Roeers to Julia Sea-
man (wife of Amos), lot on N line of Woolsey
Btreet. ISO W of Dana, W 20.3S, N ICO, E £9.66.
B 100 to beginning, being lot 25, block 3, Dow-
llnir Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Pearl O. Huggins to John Ross., lot on PE
corner of I>rby street, and Telegraph avenue,
E 112:64 S 29.S W 120:9.42, N 30:9.23 to begin-
ning, being portion of lot 3, block R. Leonard
Tract, Berkeley; $100.
II. C. Morris to Ellen E. Coyne, lot 7, block
4. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Charles A.
Rice, lot on S line of Thirty-fourth, formerly
Brown^.316 W of Market. W 37:6 by S 100, be-
ing portion of lot 8, block P. Map of property
of Central I-and Company, formerly the Brown
Tract, Oakland: 110.
Kate Roche to Napoleon and Angelyne Keleo,
lot on NE line of Twenty-fourth street, former-
ly Abel, 325 SE of Twenty-first avenue. SE 75
T>y XE 140. being lots 35, 36 and 37, block 82,
Map of Northern Addition to town uf Brooklyn,
East Oakland; 510.
J. L and Hattie B. Doble to Matilda Carl-
son, lot on S line of Grant street, 150 W of
Union. W 50 by S 100, being lots 13 and 14.
block H. new town of Lynn, subject to a mort-
gage for $000, East Oakland: $2000.
Char'.es M. and Lena G. MacGregor to Her-
man A. Anderson, lot on N line of Mariposa
avenup. 150 \V of Racine street. W GO by N* 135,
being the W H of lot 2. map of that portion ot
Bmmacim Tract E of Shattuck avenue; Oak-
land; $lft.
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to Judson
M Davis, lot on NE line of East Twenty-third
street. 50 SE Seventh avenue, SE 100 by NE
150 block 144. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Liz-
zie Yl'etzel grave No. 8 In lot SO, plat 43, Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland Township: $21.
Joanah and John Taylor to Hugh S. and Den-
nis S. Dimond, lot on NE corner of Thirteenth
and Webster streets, E 100. N 50, W 100, S 50. to
beginning, block 193. subject to a mortgage to
Hiberoia Savings and Loan Society. Oakland;
cate, those portions of lots 1 to 5, block G, lying
S of S boundary of plat 12, Ro. V. and D. Per-
alta. and being portion of Alton Park, Oakland;
also lot 24, block E. and lot 25. block D, Broad-
way and Telesraph avenue Park Tract. 4 Oak-
land: ?io.
n.ior. n<1na E. MrNally. Fred A.
Byrae*. lCdith M. Mitchell. Mary A.
'iallajher. IJornard Morton, Johanna
' ' "t< -. < trist Nicol. Mary S.
| Hopkltw, <J«»ori."e E. I'r»»sau!t. Gregory
J ' ¦ kl u. Julia Schwefh«rilt. John
1 J'-h-'.vi-n. Miiss Chrie- Fh«>rrett. Oeor^e V.
y- tin* SlnelPton. Charles J.
Umb. Katie F. Wilson. Hazel
;'=•! •:•-. Cornelius J. Woods. Frank H.
"'¦''hr,'.ry t Andrew lung. Philip N.
BAEU-Edjia Emily u aer# beloved daujhter of
OCEAN TRAVEL.
DIED.
Got Them
Going —
Trains on the Santa Fc arc
going every day to Stock-
ton at 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p.m. To Fresno and
Bakersfield at 9 a.m. and
8 p. m. To Chicago, Kan-
sas City and Denver at 9
a< m.
Sleepers on ail trains
whers you need to sleep.
Diner on the Overland.
Ask at 628 Market street
or at Santa Fe Ticket Of-
fice in Ferry Depot.
O41O8Wants Too Much Stationery.
The Supervisors' Committee en Printing
and Salaries decided yesterday to reject
the requisition of the Board o? I^iblic
Works for $-1000 worth of stationery.
Chairman Booth, stat»d that the expend
itures for stationery for all departments
must not exceed ?20<X) per month according
to the one-twelfth act. If the Board of
"Works Insists en ordering the stationery
it will have to pay for it out of its own
funds. The bill for S6 70 filed by a con
tractor .who supplied the board with a
patent pencil sharpener was held up as
the market price of, the article ls only
J3 50.
SCOTT SAYS LICENSE
CANNOT BE COLLECTED
Will Ask That Tax on Those Supply
ing Sailora to Ships Be Re
scinded.
Tax Collector Scott I3 experiencing some
difficulty In collecting the licenst: of J2<>
per quarter on persons engaged in supply
ing steamers and sailing vessels with sail
ors firemen, cooks and waiters. A deputy
called on several of the sailor boariiing
house keepers yesterday, but was unable
to collect the license tax. The keepers
claim that they do not make contracts to
supply help to vessel:?, but that they keep
boarding houses and are subject to the
license tax imposed on that business.,
.Scott is Investigating the law on the
subject and may go before the Supervis
ors' License Committee and recommend
that the license be rescinded on account
of the dliUculty of collecting it. There
are but ten or twelve snilor boarding
house keepers and th? expense of collec
tion, according to Scott, will be greater
than the revenue. > •» "
PECULIAR DEATH OF
MRS. FRED WILSON
Fell Over a Sewer Pipe While Intox
icated and Died Suddenly and
Alone.
Mrs Fred Wilson of 1273 Mission street
wandered under her house some time last
Monday and died. The body lay undis
covered until 9:40 a, m. yesterday, when
Jacob Vits, the landlord, made a search
of the premises and found the corpse ol
the unfortunate woman almost twisted
around a flve-inch sewer pipe, with the
head resting on the ground and the lower
Ul The O " P a5e e under the he use where the
body was found is not more than four
feet from the ground to the floor joists
The woman had been intoxicated and had
gono under the house ana died suddenly.
When the body was taken to the Morgue
no evidences of violence were found, and
the indications were that death was
caused by alcoholism. The woman's hus
band is a painter and is working some
where In the Interior.
i ~ Brown was born at
i HKNRY BILLINGS BROWN. ' g -21. 6 iS36. . entered
graduated frPlSf/as
. w-rvTw-.-w-* w w ...... : the classmate of Mr.
Justice Brewer and Chauncey M. Depew. He traveled extensively in Europe
on lMvlnir oollp"o and on his return to America took a course In the Harvard
Uw^chwl Hew admitted to the bar in Detroit. Mich.. In 1SGO. In 1S6S
he win appointed Circuit Judee of Wayne County, Mich. Upon- his retirement
he returned to the practice of law. In which he was very successful. In 1S75
P?eafdent Grant bv reason of his great ability, appointed Mr. Brown District
Judee Durimr hls'term he tried more admiralty cases than any other Judgo
on the bench; His decisions are recognized authorities.
Judce Brown was appointed Associate Justice of the Supreme Court to fill
the vacancy caused by tha death of ; Mr. Justice Miller. He ascended the bench
In December, 1E90.
The eminent Jurist is a brilliant classical scholar and a sreat traveler. His
literarv labors include a volume of admiralty reports. In addition to these tal
ents Judge Brown is an eloquent speaker, possessing a ready flow of charming
Wuacc. ¦ ¦
AS S O C I ATE
Justice Henry
Billing-sBrown
of the United
States Supreme
Court arrived here
y e s t e r d,a y from
"Washington, D. C,
and is making his
headquarters at the
Palace. It is about
twenty S years si-nee
Judge Brown was on
the coast, and he
finds much cause
for favorable com
ment In the great
changes the city has
undergone since that
time. The eminent
Jurist will visit Stan
ford University to
day, and to-morrow
or the next day will
go to San Diego, and
may visit other
Southern California
towns. Judge Brown
is here for hla
health*and in search
Associate Justice H. B. Brown of the
Supreme Court to Spend His
Vacation Here.
EMINENT WASHINGTON
JURIST HAS ARRIVED
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 10.— The steamer
City of Seattle returned from Alaska this
morning with a gold contribution of $900,
000 to the world's wealth. The treasure
came from the Klondike. Of the total
amount, dust valued at (800,000 was
shipped out by the Canadian Bank of
Commerce and the Bank of British North
America of Dawson to the Seattle Assay
Office. The treasure . was stored • in thir
teen strong boxes and a few -sacks. -Be-
THE NOMEAN
MUSE.
The Cape Nome muse does not
move with halting feet, even if
her tootsey-wootseys are frost
bitten. Her first effusion reached
civilization yesterday in a copy of
the Nome Gold Digger, which ar
rived on the St. Paul. It runs:
Tli* Golden Northland.
Hlch o'er the tundra's wide expanse
Mount Anvil lifts Its God-wrought
crown.
Bold Guardian of a shining shore
That's ever garbed in golden gown.
Here nature, lavish with her store
To those of nerve and etrons of hand.
Outpours a Rlitt'rlnK stream of wealth
To all the miners of the land.
The ledge-ribbed hills on ev'ry plde
To f<-a*ts of ore Invite mankind;
Nor Bering's waves may bar the way
To golden courses milled and mined.
The fresh' nlnsr breezes from the Pola
Hear far the miners' Joyous cry
Ab nolnt of rilck turns back the sod
'Neatli which the gllst'ning nuggets
lie.
Here may the rover of the hills
Find fickle Fortune's long sought
Etream '
And revel in the boundless wealth
That's ever been his ltfelong dream.
O tundra, beach and lavish stream!
O'er thee a world expectant stands;
With Midas' measure mayst thou fill
The myriad eager, outstretched^harHls.
Nome. May 19. 19C0.
there carry, pistols and use them, too.
"Law there is none," said Miss Moore,
"and every one inust look out for oneself.
We were up there twelve days. Water is
scarce and is worth 10 cents a glass. All
who can are leaving Nome for Golovln
Bay. A young man named Sanderson
took out $36,000 In that ¦ district in six
weeks Just before the St. Paul left. Wood
is $125 per cord; coal $10 per. sack.
Miss Moore says that there is far more
money to be made at Dawson City than
at Nome. A stenographer at the former
place can make $1 per hour.
GOVERNMENT MAY AID
STRANDED GOLD-SEEKERS
"WASHINGTON, July 10.— Treasury of
ficials from information from various
sources during the last two week3have
reason to believe that there will be over
10,000 stranded fortune hunters In Nome
when navigation closes this. fall and that
steps should be taken to bring theee peo
ple back to the states so they will not
have to endure the hardships 'and suffer
ings bound to come next winter. The
question* with the officials of the treas
ury is what shall be done and what can
be done by the Government to prevent
this before It Is too late.
•The rush continues to Nome and ships
enough cannot be provided to bring these
people back before navigation closes un
less steps are taken immediately to pro
vide for this. Inquiry will be made at
Pacific ports at once to determine what
vessels are available should it be decided
to dispatch a relief fleet, and an estimate
obtained of the probable cost of such an
expedition.
GOLD BROUGHT DOWN ON
THE CITY OF SEATTLE
Musical Thief Sentenced.
R. M. Hanna, the musical thief, was
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail by Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of petty larceny, although techni
cally he was guilty of burglary. On the
charge of carrying a concealed weapon
he was sentenced to pay a fine of $50. with
the alternative of fifty days in Jail. He
was arrested early Sunday morning while
tapping the till of Barron s cigar store, in
the California market.
STEAMER BRUNSWICK
ARRIVES FROM NOME
side? this wealth there was not less than
$100,000 of Individual gold. Joseph Uarros
and P. Larsen. two well known Klon
dikers, each had substantial consign
ments.
Dawson passengers on the City of Seat
tle say the Klondike clean-up is progress-
Ing satisfactorily. Great gold pack trains
are arriving in Dawson daily from the
creeks'.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 10.— The steamer
Brunswick arrived from Nome last night
and reports the steamer Santa Ana as
released from smallpox quarantine and
unloading at Nome June 28. The follow
ing vessels were reported in Nome harbor
as the Brunswick sailed: Ohio, Garonne,
Charles D. Lane. Farallon. Santa Ana,
Popular Mariner Was Father
of a Well-Known Local
Actor.
#E"SVS has Just been received of the
|V| death In Alaska of Captain Daniel
|M Webster, which took place on June
I • IS. Captain "Dan" was well known
' among the sailors of both the At
lantic and the Pacific coasts. For many
years he was engaged in the whaling busi
ness In the Kast. sailing from Xew Lon
don Conn., and from New Bedford. He
there became acquainted with Captain
Morgan one of the original owners in the
Alaska Commercial Company, and went
to Alaska for that corporation, filling an
important position.
For over twenty years he has been em
ployed on the seal islands of Alaska pass-
In k occasional vacations in this clt>.
most genial, friendly and warm-hearted
man he had many friends in all parts of
[he country. Grorpe Webster the actor,
is his only child. His widow. Mrs. Emma
Webster, resides in Oakland.
CAPTAIN WEBSTER
DIES IN ALASKA
Fines Imposed Upon Police Omcers
by Commissioners at Meeting
Last Night.
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sion last night Officer II. B. Smith was
fined $100 for having been intoxicated on
July 4. Except for its belns his first of
fense he would havp been dismissed from
the force. _.V_'* : u, '¦.
The charges against Ofllcer3 E. T. Rob
inson and Henry Schmitt for arresting the
Nelson boy and keeping him locked up on
suspicion of burglary, with no charge
against him, were dismissed. It was
shown that they acted on tho advice of
their superiors.
Officer Ring was fined J30 for not re
porting off duty. The charge against
him of making an unwarranted arrest,
that of Mrs. Dora Elliott, was dismissed.
Special Officer Thompson, charged with
disorderly conduct, was let oft with a
reprimand.
No saloon license cases were considered.
They will be taken up at a meeting this
afternoon at 4 o'clock.
DRINKING ON FORCE
NOT TO BE TOLERATED
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 10.—
Tho steamship Ohio arrived here to-night
from Nome with eighty pasengers. The
Ohio was quarantined on her arlval at
Nome on account of a number of cases of
smallpox among the passengers. She will
remain her<i until morning for quarantine
inspection. It is probable that she will be
sent to the quarantine for fumigation on
account of the fact that she could not be
fumigated In the north. No one was al
lowed to board the vessel.
STEAMER OHIO FROM
NOME IN QUARANTINE
THE Cape Nome pold: fields were un- ;
der martial law when th*» steamer St. \
Paul, which arrived hero yesterday, j
sailed. United States Commissioner ,
nawscn was in complete control, and j
CacJe Sams snldiors wrre seeing to
It tha-t peace was beinp maintained .
in the camr. The Notr.e Gold !
Diaper o- June J. the latest paper that ax- I
rivrd on tlie St. Paul, says:
I? were the renditions of .hat people
linn l>ecr led tn believe were insecure.
The r^-ent rhoot:ng .flair m-er a FYent-ftreet
1,-t iid the lav'.ng of a foundation for a build- |
interlay byjohn Oialvln and Mhors. nar
raLtec -be <ntrar.oe to the Kia^ball wa> on
nKtt were the l^m.-diate causes. *M
pJr*or.«. S the Cha.-r.ber of Comneiw-Itawron.
Lipplrcoit, Banna, Cashel. Strong and Bruc«»—
SEE]? V^'^ecuti^ccmmUtee of the
c v, rtlf , K 2 d a conference with Lieutenant
rVmStTa. to what was advisable to the done.
The lieutenant w«s indisposed to a^-t ud»J^
clal rr.eeti:^ of the chamber was held yester
dev »ftem,«n. where tlje matter wa^s full}
On a tie vote nothing was done an.! a second
DMttaS ml lan night at Brown s Hall.
wftere f.nal action was taken. IV>th meetlnfc'S
»m!»t There were tt.-ry rreeches and in
peme !r.rtar.ce* bitter Jei.undatlons. ,...,.
A: the Chamber of Commerce, "here th!rt>
cr rortr perwea had eathcred. Commissioner
Haws- n ma.!- a statement. He "id the muni
cipal government was no lon*er able to pro
tect property riRht?. It haJ not the strcr.ptn
r.or c^nncenre to enable It to carry «t the
pu-pn^e* for which it was Intended. It was ab
tol'utelv neces?ary. he pn'.d. that some means
he taUn for the proteCttofMOf : ,rorerty and
the iwfnalir-n at law »mi order. He subniil-
Ird tw> rrenorltlfn? and pa'.d he was solng to
&r> one .»; two thtr.c* find wtth tmall d-lay.
"The nr?t is. I s?)aH take complete charp<?
of th.- town." he said, "so iar as BIT authority
poo- as Ocmsnlsvioner. isr.orins the existence
of any other authority and nppoint a puffi
clpr.t number of well-wlectPd offlcera. «no
will be rn^er the orders of the United ?tate«
Oem r:isslr.n»r and Marshal.
¦The second is that I Khali Inform the enm
mandlns oTIIoer of the <5eta<-hment at this place
That th« authr,r'iile? r.re unable to handle the
Flruatioa and protect the property and lives
of she people an<] ask that he take such charge
t!« hfa ord»r« justify him in iTcine.
•"If you request me to take bold I Fhall do it
T-.H- en one condition— that the rhamber of
Commrrce raise funds sufnc'er.t <p"rhars« tWW
tar i he employment of ten officers f>>r two
mnJa and I will five my time and attention
to )». If n-t ;< u w!!l c-ertainly have the sol
i!:."tf hasdlbtc your camp and very quickly."
The HOW was not raised and the soldiers
were !n charge of the camp when the St.
Paul tailed.
Passengers From Nome.
Th n steamer brought the following
pa?s<'ncprs from the frozen north:
Csptaln <~r:arle« An<ier»on, Frank R. Brawn,
C'-sr>s A Brown, William A. Carras. B. S.
DsvU, J.ihn Krikscn, E. B. Olle, C K. Gates,
C n Ilar.ecn. lvter Johnson. C. W. Johnson.
Victor l*rkstrrm. J. S. Lanpford. Oe«.rKe
Mr yon Mtfc* Mary MiliT. It. K. T. Mervey.
yirr S. Moot*. Mis? Nina Moore. M. C. Mor-
Ffnion. II. O'.son. L. M. "Vniliamf, A. W. An
.'«:- n J<.»- Amcirh. Frank Davis, Captain l>n
r=n. Mr*. H. Kd««r4p, H. F. 'Il^wn. Mrs. V.
I,srknr.m, Miss Ell"n Lirk*tr"m. Masiir An
drew 1-atkfftrotn. Jair.es Larnont. A. E. Unite
man E L Mosher. Arthur McC.orran, J. 7.
Pilpy A .1 Sanderson. Alfred Tcuks. F. P.
Wil^rx <Sr*air. H. K. WilKun. \V. A. Hawley,
jnhn Kti^n*-. J. M. Etit>n<\ T. HappersberRer.
J. O. I^ihdi. Isaac Lenkuraa, -T. Merrill. John
Xrll Thomas O Brien. l >(> ter Itiley. John Sa-
Knf. J. F. Teylor. Otts Merton. W. J. Thlsbee.
J. K. Treloar.
Captain Charles Anderson was one of
the iirst to reach Nome. He went north
on the whaling l»ark Alaska, but was
inshore when that vessel was wrecked. He
says that the gambling over the hour and
minute that the first steamer would ar
rive from the coast was something phe
nomenal. The following prizes were oi
fcred for the clost-Rt fruesses:
Outflt worth S10O. J75 white bearskin robe. j:<0
nugget, JT-0 miners' outflt. one barrel of bw,
worth $60; annual ItMc* tlckrt, worth JiO;
half dozen liottlee chcrrragn*, lii: one Milt ot
elothlns *ZS five bottles Hunter whisky. 133:
525 meal tickrt. one t-tark red chip* 1 . «:r.r box
cigarettes. i,o packag**, 125; $20 worth of tab*.
at the bar. IT> worth Ktu<l pok^r chjps. mackl
naw suit and pair of gold scalp*, f 2 >; t2> cush,
box of fine cicars. tl'r. S10 meal tirket. »10 hat.
110 meal tlck«-t. a t.lln.l prize. $10: five i-oondi.
tobacco. T7 56; one wt-eks'f lodging. $7; one
dozen iilr.ee riee, JC; IS worth of rtoveptpe.
lady 1 * Pin. $"; ore month's shaving. $.'¦ worth
ti,',- Bhlnen. five ehaners in raffle on new ham
jnerlesss Parkf-r n:n. fur cf-at. $3."..
Ada Gardner won the first prize by
puesslnc that the first Fteamer would ar
rive May 21 at 12:20 p. m.. whil? D. Coohn
wa_« second with May 21 at 12:30 p. m. The
firpt Pteamer to arrive was the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company's Jennie, at 11 a.
m. on May V,. while the Jear.ette of Roth,
Blum & Co.'s fleet got in at 12:3J p. m. on
Hay 23.
Terrible Death, of a Prospector.
The St. Paul brings particulars of the
horrible death of a man named John
Bacon while on the trail. Ho was In search
of the new El Dorado and fell by the way
side. His remains were discovered while
the St. Paul was* lyinp in the open road-
Ftead and caused considerable comment.
A diary was found on his body and the
following transcript of its contents is
taken from the Nome Gold Digger:
Lone Island— I think about Dec. 14, ISiS. Now
es for riuncer. it 1* a teror for to stand. For
Sli* last ten days I have been ftarvtnj rr.y
self. Ji et eating enough to K»pp awxy the
range nf hunger. Now as for that Indian who
calls hi:n»ei£ John— If man does not punish him
I iray God iniv. That Indian it a big lyar.
To hats Cchile. from John Hacon.
Tlierc wan 4 Indians on the Island when I
coiKe. Never bat 2 of them showed up until
the day they to'vk the, Boat. Bat one of the In
dian? just told ra« that there was Just elsht
people on the If land; now as for thia John
Indian, he was not around. On the day they
took the rtoat a new Indian came, he was
th* one that had his rifle with him. Now I
know that r.o worse can come to me. If it
would freeze hard tonight there might be a
ehow frr me; but bo many times I thought it
would clof up for cood — no lesn than 3 times.
Thl» le the harden! frame of my life on the
trail. Criming through British Columbia me
anJ 2 f.ther men were 3 days without any food
but IJeTTlei". I have been nearly two years get
ting this far. oh how lonely! If god letn me of
11.1b time I xrlll look out a. little sharper next
time. When I landed here I was so weak I
couid hardlv ftand uu.
Lone Island. Pec. 18— Little did I thir.V Jt
¦would be so long freezlriy before It would freeze
up for Knod. or I would have taken thl* old
I leaky Doat and taken chance eren In the drift
Ice. It B"on began to freeze after I struck this
JMand. The Indian said it would freeze in 10
days, thi* may be a differT.t eea*on from the
re»<t. but I Rot *uch a terrlhle deal before. It
mode a little backward In starting out ncain.
IJut the next day he com* I asked him how
Jrirp It would be before it would freeze, and he
told me it would freeze po I could walk out in
!• day*. I partly beleaved him. he said that
he vat out on shore, that there were 2 white
men camped at their villlaKe; It Is possible he
wa«>, for I plopped and helped 2 men 2 days.
I have fcrcctten their names, hut th» Boat
they hod was the Frank Tesley. Painted Black
— but rlg'n there was where m>* bad luck bejran
from leavlr.r no late I could not make the
next point before dirk came. A middling
heavy pea carae up; to Ret back I could not.
Lot th<- Krenk Trinley made bark; but when I
er*n I could not make ba'-k. but made for the
point ahead: but aparlently landed here for a
•won=e fat*. Hunger I« a. terror to stand now;
but the indent tirr.e the Sea Is full of Ice
but «oft. If h would come one good hard
FRHE7E.
A Little Shooting Incident.
A few hours before the St. Paul pulled
tip anchor and started for San Francisco
there was a very lively shooting scrape.
Shooting affairs were anything but unus
ual, but this particular one created great
excitement, and had it not been for the
Foldiers there would have been a riot.
Joe Hayne of the Alaska. Commercial
THE ST. PAUL ARRIVES IN PORT AND DISCHARGES NOME PASSENGERS.
Company was in charge of the concern's
property as nightwatchman. During an
off hour— there is no night there these
months — a man named Lucas attempted
to jump the company's claim, and Hayne
at once opened tire. The claim-jumper
replied and Hayne was struck in the
stomach. His next shot went through
Lucas' brain, and the last named dropped
dead. Hayne then emptied the remaining
barrels of his revolver into the body of
his fallen foe a.nd dropped dead beside
him. The followers of the two men took
sides, and only the arrival of tho soldiers
prevented a riot.
"Lucky" Raid win was down on his
luck when the St. Paul sailed. Land for
liis famous dance house could not be pro
cured and rivals in the busineFs wero
stealing all his dance girls. When last
seen "Lucky" was standing up to a bar
and paying- two bits a drink for plain,
ordinary Cape Kome whisky. '¦
At public auction a lot of supplies that
arrived on tho steam whaler Alexander
brought the following prices:
P<-.t"te«-. per' nour.'l 25 cents; onlor^. per
poun-j '2% rents; ffwh b»>ef <10.000 pounds), per
pound 73 cpr.t!>; chlclipns, each to or Jl 2r> per
pound; orange*. v?r dozen, J2 SO or to cpnts
oach; bo«»ts. carrots an'l turnips, per pound, 10
n-r,;*; fr^sh cpsp. per dozen, JS. I -
The following laconic informa.tlon of the
killing of a man is from the Nome Gold
Digger:
Chief of Police Iteddy has received a letter
from Chief of Pnllre Sullivan. S«n Francisco,
and Mr?. Jchn Jlallon'of 113 Ninth street in tnat
citv asklriR r.n to the whereabouts of John l.al-
K>n,' an pr.giiieer. Ml?« Catherine Coulter has |
al«<> written inquiring about her sweetheart,
the John Mallcn who was killed here last -\o-
Epidemic Predicted.
"There will be a fenrful epidemic at
Nome this fall." said Dr. Z. T. Mallaby
on the ?t. Paul yesterday. "There are
about lifteen miles or tents along the
beach, and it is as much as a man's life
Is worth for an outsider to venture among
thf-m. There is absolutely no «anitation
and when the swamp begins to dry up the
men will <11« like flies In summer from ty
phoid fever. Dawson In its worst days
cnuld not compare with Nome, and the
thought of the wretchedness that will
prevail there next winter is enough to
make a. man shudder.
"There are at least 30,000 people up there
and how 20.000 of them are going to live
Is a mystery. The stories about 54 an
hour being paid for labor are false. One
dollar an hour is the limit and men are
clambering over each other to get that.
Nome is rich. I don't think there is any
question about that, but no one has done
any prospecting. a.« every man is defend
ing his claim with a shotgun."
The St. Paul brought down $1,300,000 in
treasure but all of this save $100,000 came
from the Klondike. The dust came down
the Yukon and was transferred at St.
Michael to the mall boat and brought to
San Francisco under guard. The output
at Nome is a great disappointment, but
the lawlessness that has prevailed has
prevented any work being done. ;, ¦•'¦ ¦• ¦¦•..'¦
"I never few such a camp in all my
life," said Captain Charles Anderson yes
terday. Captain Anderson was formerly
master of the brig Percy Edwards and
went north as sailing master of the bark
Alaska. "It was a case." he continued,
"of Ishmael all over again and you could
never tell when your dearest friend was
going to ptrike you. There were five
shooting scrapes inside of five days and I
guess about five deaths resulted. Who the
gun fighters were I can't tell, and I doubt
whether the records of Nome City would
either. '¦..¦¦ = *v'-;;¦-;.;• .'- :;
"There was an exodus to Norton Sound
going on when I left. There is plenty of
wood and water there and some splendid
quartz prospects. The next steamer from
Nome will be crowded with passengers
and the rush coming homeward will be as
great as those that made up the stampede
for the frozen north. •
"While I v.-as in Anvil City I had to pay
Jl a nlRht for the privilege of spreading
my blanket under a table in a lodging
house. Don't you talk to me about Nome
and Its millions. Potatoes and salt in San
Frnncisco are good enough for me— that
is. as compared with the new El Dorado."
The Santa Ana was still in quarantine
on account of smallpox when the St. Paul
failed.
Ame.ng the passengers in the mail boat
was Arthur McGowan. who was formerly
a cook in a well known restaurant in
town. Arthur smiles when asked how he
"panned" out in the Arctic and says, "1
have made enoueh to enable me to live
the rest of my life without cooking other
people's meals."
The Longford partv that came down
from Rampart City is accredited with
$30,000 in dust, but as it came from the
Yukon the finding of it is part of an old
story. *
The St. Paul will be only two days In
port and will then return to Nome with
supplies.
A Lady's Opinion of Nome.
Mrs. S. Moore and Miss Nina Moore,
who arrive^ from Cape Nome on the St.
Paul ond are stopping at the Grand, tell
of a Krtm feature of life in the miners'
city. The town is so overcrowded and
deaths so frequent that behind .a small
hill back of It two men dig graves con
ntantly. They are paid $12 per grave, and
fo great Is the demand for their labors
that they always have dozens of j?raves
ready In advance, and when the. tenants
come— and they do not have to wait long
—their final resting place Is all ready.
These ladles declare emphatically that
Kome is no place for women. All of them
NOME GOLDFIELDS UNDER MARTIAL LAW
WHEN THE STEAMSHIP ST. PAUL SAILED
City Government, Unable to Pro
tect Property Rights, Had to
Call on the United States
Commissioner to Take a Hand,
\ Million and a Half in Treasure
and Weird Stories From the
Diggings Come Down With
the Passengers on the Boat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTjLY 11. 1900.
HENRT BILLINGS BROWN.
14
Mercury. Skookum. Thurston, Spokane,
Casco and Theobald.
At Dutch Harbor July 2: Signal. Rich
ard Holyoke, St. Paul A Albatross. Rush
and McCulloch. The St> Paul sailed on
that date for San Francisco. The
steamers Ohio, Lane and Garonne had
about finished loading when the Bruns
wick sailed from Nome.
. Ladlrs' tallor-mnde eult». silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 5I6 Sutter. •
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ISO PLATES CjS*\
jm> REQUIRED Wy
Our retr.ovaMs fcrldga work la beautiful mad
Curable. Warranted iO years, w
.rfjju^ Our $500 Plates
ij^fr^r^g^'f^^y palrjless extracting
ls pateoted and
dentist oo tbe Pa-
PRICE UST *or «O D»y»:
Palnlres Extraction 2So
Removable Brtds«wort Vo^ii"--g'JX
Crown? •JAW to §5.00
Pure Gold Fillings • 1 *X?
Amalgam - O «•
Gold and Platina #1.O©
Eilver FttUcjr •• •••• »«»•
Mrs. Dr. R. I* "Walsh will attend to Uw
childr«n'» teeth — Dalnlessly.
OF*. F*. I \ASf\U.SW.
SISX GEART ST.. between Hyde and LarWa.
Office Hours— J *. m. to 5 p. m.; Suad*r«w
t to 12. Telephone Polk 1133.
Morton Draying and "Warehouse Co.
General Draympn— Warehousemen— For-
warding Agents — No. 204 Battery street. •
During all this month we will
sell in our different departments
large, quantities of desirable DRY
GOODS at Greatly Reduced Prices.
We quote a few items.
20 Dieces GENUINE BLACK ENGLISH MO-
HAIR CREPONS, veru bright luster and
oood designs St.OO uard
Worth $1.5O.
75 cairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, eight dif-
ferent styles, with veru handsome fringes
and latest colorings &3.OO pair
Regular value $4.5O.
115 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS. 3L uards
in length and 12 different designs
&4.OO pair
Good value for $5.OO.
50 Cartons (500 pieces) SI and 5 inch COL-
ORED MOIRE TAFFETA RIBBON, test
aualitu • f^ c Ucml
u u Worth 25c and 3Oc.
15 dozen SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, accordeon
pleated flounces, all new colors
ZB3.5O each
Worth $5.OO.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
r*rS&«f — — E5n3rSwl
G^*K^i» \ t^'^^^^^si
4-tiOom Furniture
¦ FOR$9'8.
BEDKOOrJ— Dedroom «et. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 Koc<1 Wire Spring. 1 cood Top Mattreaa, 1
Patr Pillow*.
PARLOR-', pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphoi-
ttpr»d Set.
D1NIXU-HOOM — 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
• Onk Chairs.
KITCHEN-1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 StOTt, I
Chain. •-
No extra «-h«rK» on credit.
— MAKr tott; mvx trt>^«?. _
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,
31310-112 &icckloi Zt.. Near Broadway.
'_ °P en g>«""3»-
W vT^7 ti « y 6? tUi£&3L2^«I13i3
Tj M tr^J m » ' n l ft I rj ~_" '"' ' ** 'T'l ¦nn JVT
Oppression, Scdocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored b7
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
I Plt.i. .. S5P;C ; r.tvt York. E. FCUGEftA. 4 CO
I SOr.D HY ALL DRUGGISTS.
J — — —
BD T T Q TJ E 1 Q FOR EAREEKS. BAK-
11 5J Olii-iO -rf. bootblacks, bath-
house*, billfard tablea.
brovrcry. biokhlnders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, tlcurmllls. foundries, laundries. pap«r-
nnnserp, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
ILlemrn, tar-roofers. tanner3, tailors, etc.
KUCHA "i \ ¦* BBOS..
I Bruih .Manufacturer*. 6O9 Sacromonta S:
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. *
CUR GOLD DREDalNO PUMPS
b'PftnH Were successful at Nome hut
(V-VUVJl 1 year. All others failed. In opera-
tion daily, j Stevenson »l. & **
ADVERTISEMENTS.