no_textTO AVOID RECOGNITION.
"What en earth are you bringing a'.l
those umbrellas in here for?" asked Mrs.
Van Haanen. as Mr. Van Haanen puffed
Into the bedroom with an armful of the
articles named. "Why, the dinner party
Is to-night!" "Yes. And you are afraid
the guests will steal them, are you?"
"Not at all; I am afraid they will recos
nize them!"— Ex.
IN EASY TOUCH.
"Good-morning, uncle. How are you to
day?" "Ah, nephew, I am well. How are
your* "First rate. Gues3 what brought
me here?" "Oh, the old story, I suppose."
"I'll bet you five shillings you can't
guess." "I'll take It. You came here to
borrow" some money." "You've lost! Pay
me the" five shillings. I only wanted to
inquire how auni is to-day.**
AN IMPENDING DISASTER.
Nell-Maude made a great bit with that
Russian attache. She pronounced hla
name beautifully.
Belle— Yes; sh« had a cold In the head.
and now she's afraid it will leave her.-»
Philadelphia Record.
"It looks to me as If the horseless car
riage is here to stay," remarked the farm
er."
"It is," replied the driver, as he climbed
down from the box seat of the automobile.
"There's a leak In the gasoline storage
tank."
COULDN'T MOVE.
Fanny Footlights — I' had a quarrel with
the manager and threatened to leave the.
company.
Polly Pinktlghts^-And wasn't there any
body to take your part?
Fanny Footlights— Only my horrid' un
derstudy.— Philadelphia Record.
A REAL DILEMMA,
THE RUBICON.
The great Caesar drew near to the Rub
icon falteringly, and when he was come
at last to the banks of the noted stream
he hesitated to cross.
"How different It would be if I were a
college graduate!" he acclaimed, with;
emotion. .-.-':¦_,,¦..
This incident in the life of the famous
Roman admonishes us to take advantage
of every opportunity to" obtain. a liberal
education.— Detroit Journal. *S» - •
IN ICY WATERS.
Walrus— Hello, old man! How do you find things?
Polar Bear— Oh, moving along, moving along. How is it with you?
Walrus — Well, I manage to keep my head above water.
1 Mr. Mdnk— Come right in. old man; the missus is out, giving a lecture on wo
man's suffrage, so you see I've got my hands full.
A New Memory System.
My friend, Micah Miggle.=i, has a system
of mnemonics all his own. When he'
wishes to remember one word he thinks
of another that may sound quite different,
but that bears some relation of. ideas to
the word he seeks to retain. Thus, if you
told hint to buy a pair of socks he would
immediately think of the word "sock
dolager," and, ten to one, when he ar
rived at the store the word Would have
turned into doxology. and he would come ;
back with a hymn-book. So his system i
ha3 its faults, but Miggles swears by It,
and once in a while he evolves a triumph
in his line.
Last week his wife asked him to stop at
Munnimaker's and buy a few things for
her. He immediately made a list so that
he should not forget. I was with him
when he drew out h's list at Munni
maker's.
•"Hello!" said he. "what's all this royal j
family about? I can't think whether it
was books or kitchen utensils that Mrs.
Miggles asked me to get."
This after reading his list:
"What's on the list?" I asked.
"Why, I made it out in my system, you
know, and I can't think of the key to it.
'I've got to have a start always. It says
'King Henry V., one Prince of Wales, one
Duke of York, Queen Victoria and Mar-
quis of Lome, too." "
"Why. it's historical works or photo
graphs." said I; but I was really quite in
the dark.
"No," said Miggles. "Just help me to
think. I'm sure it wasn't books or pic
tures. I think It was dry goods."
Quite accidentally I put him on the
track. If I hadn't, in spite of his system
he would have gone home without a
bundle, and. as he is a commuter, that
would have been a little irregular.
"What Is King?" said I. half to myself.
."Ha!" said Migglcs; "thanks. Cotton i.i
king — old expresrion. Cotton— "Kin^
Henry V equals five yards of cotton."
"Good!" said I. "But what in thunder
is 'one Prince of 'Wales?' "
"Prince — prince — prints — cne yard of
prints!" and Miggles laughed with joy.
"There is more in that systcxa than I
thought," said I. "But what can you
make out of 'one Duke of York?" "
"Duke — duke — duke. Du'.:e — duchess. H.i!
one yard duchess lace."
"You're a wonder!" said 1. "But what
can 'Queen Victoria and Marquis of
Lorne, too," mean?"
Like a shot he answered: "Two yards
of Victoria— lawn! Hooray.'" — Charles
Battell Loomis in the Smart Set.
"Lot it be 'Maud,' then, if it will keep
you quiet. But this is only a suppositi-
'.'Well, remember, now, I am supposed to
be a young man making a declaration of
love to a young woman. I say to her,
'Lucy,' or 'Mehitabel,' as the case may
be— " -
"No, no!. You say to her, 'Maud.' I in-
Bist on that." »
Vlf you interrupt me again with any re
marks like that, Mr. Billmorer this les
son will come to an end. Begin by — no,
sir, sit a little further away. You ars
acting entirely out of character."
"So I was. I liumbly beg pardon. I
foigot. ; Go on."
"If you want to marry a'girl go and tcil
her so in a manly way. Don't you sup
pose, if she has any gumption, she has
found out your, little secret long before
you have made up your mind to speak?"
"Then you have known all the time,
Maud, that I—"
"Once again, sir, keep your distance and
let me do the talking."
"Then tell me just what I ought to have
Eaid, Maud— that's a dear girl."
"That sounds too much like giving a
newly initiated candidate in a secret so
ciety the proper directions for entering a
lodgorcom. But go on."
!"Yes, I'm Maud Wintergreen. Go on."
"Don't be any sillier than you are
naturally. Desiring to enthrone myself in
the heart cf a young woman I first—"
"AH right. You're Harold Uilfmore."
"Not at all. This is a purely impersonal
affair. You are the coy maiden."
"I wish you'd take the whole business
off my hands, Maud. I'm no good at it.
and I'll promise to say the righ't word
when you've — "
"Don't be a coward as well as a bungler,
young man. listen, now. I am the lov<3
stricken youth—" .
"Don't interrupt nie, sir. .When you
propose to a weman propose to her. I've
a great mind to show you how it ought
to be done."
"Oh, but you are a dear, you know."
"Everywhere. You seemed to be hedg
ing-. You tried to shoot s=o as to hit if I
were a deer and to miss if I should prove
to be—" - .
"Where did 1 miss it?" he asked humbly
"I think what I have been saying to
you is fairly open to that interpretation,
Maud Wintergreen. Didn't I do it right?"
She tapped her foot on tn"e iloor im
patiently.
"No, sir."'
"Harold Billmore, are you asking me to
be your wife?" .
-I'But how would that sound? 'Maud, I
love you! Sit down!' "
"I shcu!d say: 'Maud. I love you! Will
you be my wife?' " '¦ ' _ ¦
"Maud, I love you! Will you be my
wife?"
"Yes, that is what I should say, sir, if I
wanted to ask a girl to marry me."
The young man bounded to his feet.
"Very good," he said. "That is what
you would say if you were Harold Bill
more! : Now listen to me!"
"But 1 protest" i
\ "Stand right there! Don't sit down!
I'm doing the talking. You, speaking for
Harold Billmore, have said you loved me,
and have asked me to • be your wife. I,
rpeaking for -Maud Wintergreen"
"That isn't fair now. I told you"
"I know what you told me— as the young
man. Now I'm acting as the girl. For ail
practical purposes 1 am Maud Winter
green. I would say to the awkward
youth: 'Haiold. I have known for a long
time that you love me. Do you think I
would have • accepted your attentions
month after month if I did not intend at
last' "
"You have no right to say anything like
that. Is a girl supposed to lake it for
granted" . -
"Don't interrupt me. I have not finished
my answer yet. 'Harold.' I reply, 'you are
a good and worthy young man. You may
not know exactly how to make a proposal
of marriage in the most approved form,
on 'account of a lack of previous practice,
but your heart is right. Here is my an
swer — 1 will whisper It in your ear: Yes.
Harold, I will be your wife!' "
Then, of a sudden, there was a lightning
change of characters, and Harold Bill
more was the young man again.
His arm stole around her waist, her
head slowly sank on his shoulder, he bent
his head downward, and — -
Pff! p-l—ff!— Chicago Tribune.
"Oh, but I didn't do' that! I may have
grasped a little: but what could you ex
pect from a fel"
. "I think 1 should stand up squarely be
fore her, like a man, as I am doing now—
sit down, sir! You are the listener in this
conversation— and I should look her
straight in the eye, like a man, and say
to_ her: .'Lucy' " — '•
"No, no! 'Maud!' "
- " 'Maud.' then, for the sake of the illus
tration. 'Maud, I love you!' —sit down!"
"I didn't know I was doing that,
Maud" , • \
"Take y-our arm away from- the back of
1 hia chair, sir. Neither 'do I hem and
haw"
Reversing the P rocess.
tious case. Just the same. I don't say to
her, 'Maud, do you believe in love at first
sight?' or .'Maud, do you think you woulrt
marry the right felloe if he* ever came
along?' Nor do I put my arm on the back
of her chair as if by accident—"
THE SUNDAYCALL.
2
HE INDORSES HERRICK.
"I guess dat ole poet wot said jLove is er pain* wus right. Dat gives me %
pain in de neck, all right." *
"Tommy, you must not Interrupt your elders when they are talking-. Walt
Until' they stop."
"They never stop."Reginald (thinking very vigorously to himself)— Yes. kind tu-tor; they are en-
Joy-Ing rare sport with the scrap-ping roosters. I have been there my-self.
Miss Border— I've Just received a letter from my sister, who is In London. She
says she expects to be presented at court next week.
Si Hayrake— Wai, I do hope ther jury will acquit her.
Tutor— See. Reg-i-nald! See the in-no-cent lit-tle boys at play?
INNOCENT PLEASURES OF CHILDHOOD.
A recently published book is entitled
"Half Hours With Insects." What a live
ly half hour one can have with a bee! —
London Tit-Bits.
Hunter — No; you'd better telephone my
size of coffin to .your undertaker.— New
York World.
SO INTERESTING.
Hunter — Miss Manly has persuaded me
to- take her after pheasants to-morrow.
Houser— Indeed! Shall I telephone for
a freight-car to bring in your game?
A PLEASANT PROSPECT.
A politician says: "When a man leaves
our s!de and gees to the other side he is a
traitor, and we always feel that there is
a subtle something wrong about him. But
when a man leaves the other side and
comes over to ua, he Is a man of great
moral courage, and we always feel that
he has sterling stuff in him." — Ex.
THE DIFFERENCE.
Newlywed— Dees your wife ever threat
en to go home to her mother?
Oldboy — Why, my boy, I wouldn't con
sider that a threat.— The Smart Set.
Mrs. Darling— Mercy. Charles, what
have you been drinking?
Mr. Darling— I don't know. It was what
they call "the same." Quite a fashiona
ble drink, I should say.
Mrs. Darling — Oh. was that all? I ana
so glad it was not some kind of liquor.
THE VIEWPOINT OF EXPERIENCE*
"I'LL TAKE THE SAME."
"First rate, my dear, while It la-sted.
He saved up enough money the first week
to buy me a new hat."— The Smart Set.
Sirs. Gayyo — My husband gave up all
his expensive habits a short time ago.
Miss Bright— And how did hi.s econom
ical reform work?
HER WIFELY ENCOURAGEMENT.
She — Love laughs at locksmiths.
The Cynic— But he wears a sickly smile when the plumber comes around.
"It doesn't." snorted the Savage Bache
lor. "It just shows the inferiority of the
acting business, that's all."— Indianapolis
Press.
"There are ever so many more good
actresses than good actors." said the
Sweet Young Thing, "and I think that
shows the superiority of woman."
THE SAVAGE BACHELOR.
A musical contemporary tells us of a
pianist who recently passed an evening at
the house of a lady and stayed late. As he
~rose to go the lady said: "Pray don't go
yet. Mi. Jones; I want you to play some
thing for me.' "Ch, you must excuse me
to-citrht. It is vtry late and I should
disturb the neighbors." "Never mind the
neighbors," answered the young lady,
Qtilcklyj "they poisoned our dog yester
day."—Ex.
WORSE YET.
SCORING ONE.
Quericus — V>"!U Fay you gave your -wife
tl-.;it J2 1 *) you won on the bowling match T
What for?
Nonchalant— Pin money.— The Smart
Bet,
liY OUR OWN' A,ESOP.
In the days when children understood
the language of Everything a Boy was
tolling his Troubles to the Ksrgs.
"They always Heat me." he Com-
X'laincd. "un'css I am Good."
"They will not IVat us." observed the
Krcs. ¦¦unless we are Good."
Moral— There must be some Mistake in
thtsc Jokes about Omelets.— Baltimore
Am«-r:«ii.
"Now. Willie, dear." asked his mother.
"why did you not come when I called
ynu the i".rst time?"
"Because I did not hear you till you
called the third time." Faid little Willie.
Thf heart of the mother was pained at
this evidence of depravity. For how. she
reasoned. cuulJ he have distinguished the
third cail without hearing the second?
"I know it was the third, mamma." lit
tle Willie hastened to explain, ""cause you
stranded fco mad."
She eJa:-:»*-d him to her bosom. A boy
mh» could bolster up a poor story with
a tx-tter < n*_- was not doomed to remain in
obscarity>-IndianapoUs Press.
A SHERLOCK HOLMES.
Pitch stopped.- whistling, sat down flat
on the ground and mopped his face. The
sleek, lazy oxen switched their tails vigor
ously to make up for lost time.
iSo she got a huge tin pan and began
beating it vigorously. The bees stiricd
uneasily, at this interruption of their con
cert, but they did not sting, and after a
few moments every one of them rose in
the air and started toward the tin pan.
Mrs. Fitch led the way to an empty hive
that had luckily been prepared for an
other swarm and by dint of much beating
and coaxing got all the bees into it.
Mrs. Fitch acttd at once. She knows
something of bees and realized that unle&s
she got them hived in short order they
would probably sting- her son to death.
For she argued that he could not keep on
whistling forever.
His mother looked up and saw him. He
and his oxen looked like they might be
covered with a soft brown fur. Fikch
stopped whistling just long enough tc
shout ••Bees," nsui then continued.
Fitch continued to plow along. His
patch led toward his home, where he
could see his mother In the yard. He
caught the. tails, of the oxen and heid
them so the txasts might not anger the
tt-es by switching them. For the distance
cf haif a mile he lielu those two oxtails
and whistled.
Presently a swarm of thousands of
honey bees hovered over them. There waa
no use to run — still less to fight them and
Fitch simply kept on whistling and plow
ing, -while the bees settled softly upon
him ar.d the oxen. They seemed friendly
enough as long as F:tch whistled and
Fitch admits that he was willing to
whistle as long as they remained friendly
ar.d stemed inclined to listen.
The other day Fitch was plowing in his
field— plowing and whistling. Two sleek.
Sleepy oxen were drawing the plow and
neither tbey nor Fitch paid any attention
to anything but the plowing and the
whistling.
Young Fitch is a whistler of much abil
ity. He has whistled at every farmhouse
and every gathering in the neighborhood,
and when he is whistling nobody cares
to listen to piano, violin, flute, guitar or
banjo. . :
Henry Fitch, a young farmer, living at
Mountain End. invited death for himseir
and his two oxen the other day by
whistling.
Saved His Life.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
THE TWO-HEADED MAN.
First Head— You'd ougl:t to be ashamed
of yourself, to get into such a condition.
Second Head— 'Tain't ray fault; the
liquor all wvru down your throat."Let's play ring," cried a frolicking
maid. Within :i minute every child with
in the sound of her voice rushes toward
her and the game is soon under way. All
join hands and the leader- starts the fun
by choosing Kitty Casey to stand in the
center of the ring, while her companions
revolve round her and sing. Strange as
it may secern the children have imbibed
enough knowledge about "love" from
their elders that each not only has a beau
but has thoughts of being united to the
lad of their choice when they have reach
ed womanhood. Each child also knows
in whose keeping her companion's little
heart is and in their games the fortunate
youth's name is heard wilh frequency.
does not prevent their gefting as much
enjoyment out of the games as the initi
ated.
As will be observed In the foregoing
lines, the unknown author of them, while
not a -poet of high order, knew how to
please the cliildren, because he ends the
1 verse with promises of future happiness.
The song being concluded, Kitty Casey
jrins hands and Mayzie Jackson takes
her station in the ring. It does not mat
ter whether Mayzie' s hands and face are
daubed with smirches of mud, because her
companions well know she has attended a
cooking school in a back lot and has
learned the receipe for making mud pies.
Mayxle has a "fellow" and Is as proud as
any little lady in the land. When his
name is heralded, Miss Jackson's blushes
can be discerned through the dirt which
begrimes her face, but this Is lost on her
companions, who are busily engaged in
singing the following verse:
Rain, rain high and the winds blow cold
And the storm is gathering to and fro.
And Mayzie Jackson says she'll die,
Die for a fellow with a roeuish eye.
She is handsome, 6he is pretty;
She is the belle of San Francisco city.
She has a loved one, one, two, three;
Please do tell me who he'll be.
Freddie Cohen says he'll have her;
All the boys are fighting for her. -
Let them all say what they will,
Freddie Cohen will have her still.
Mayzie's love story having been told to
her satisfaction, sbe returns to her old
place in the revolving circle and Sadla
Watson is chosen to the place of honor.
"Without delay Sadie hears the following
news:
All the boys in our town lead a happy life.
Excepting Frankie Walker, and he want* a
wife.
A wife he shall have, a-courting he shall go.
Whence these songs originated is lost
in dim obscurity. Suffice it to say they
have been handed down through suc
ceeding generations and will never die
out. They are the rightful property of
the children and nothing can dispossess
them of ownership. Half of them do not
know the meaning of the verses, but. this
Rain, vain high and the wlnds'blow cold ,
And the storm is trathering to and fro;
And Muyzie Jackson sajs she'll die.
Die for a fellow with a roguish eye.
The strains of this childish song filled
the air. It could be heard above the din
of clanging street car bells and passing
trucks.
A half dozen "tykes" just out of school
were engaged in play and they looked as
contented as hou?=e cats. They were re
volving round a little girl, whose large
black eyes sparkled with pride \ at the
homage accorded her. The street wad
crowded with pedestrians and many of
them paused in their hurry and scurry to
the marts of trade to listen to the sweet
voices raised In joyous song. A feeling
of sympathy was depicted on the faces of
many of the auditors. Fond recollections
of their own childhood returned to them.
Like a panorama the early years of their
own life passed before their eyes. If you
have never had the infinite pleasure of
listening to these rhymes, you have miss
ed an experience which is as delightful as
any one could desire. The songs are
peculiarly the property of tho children of
the poorer classes. To hear them proper
ly sung, one needs only to pass through
any of the small streets of an afternoon
and their ears will drink in the tuneful
songs.
All the Rirls having been the center of
attraction durins: the rendition of the
foregoing sonps. th.y play "ring around
tho rosy." which calls forth more action.
To the following lines they revolve and at
the proper moment halt and squat down
before the one imu.'e the circle can tag
them:
Ring around the r',sr.
to jruess the Identity of the happy indi
vidual. It is one of th^ prettiest composi
tions in the eolteetron of children songs
and runs Ilka this-:
Water, water tho wife] Bow«T*
Orc.vir™ i:;> -vi hi^h.
V.'e arr all younj; ladle*, excepting Anr.ie
Rooney.
She' 1 ' th»- yooni:e»| B<?KtT
r\c for. fie U,? shatr.p.
Turn your bark snd :¦¦!! hi? name.
K. II. is a r.Ico young rr.nn,
Hn romp, to thp doer with his hat fn hi* han<l.
Eta Uka if Mis, ,\nni • is in. . -
N"o. she's neither !n not v!e'» neither out.
Hut she's up in th» paribp walking abjut.
IV.wn she eome* ;ii; .:r»sM-JL In *¦!!)!.
A rtw on h»r besom U white ;*.-» milk.
She pulls err bet tfort an i show? hin her rinc.
To-morrow, to-mcrr. ¦.. t&e wedding will besin.
Music Arranged by W.llicm
The following song is rendered with ges
ticulations. Out of consideration for. the
feelings of the young iady in the center
of the ring the name of her lover is not
revealed. His initial are, however, and
the bystanders are of. necessity compelled
When the boy has chost-n his inamorita
and imprinted a caress on her willing lips
both stand with hand.-* clasped and the
song continues:
Now you're married and inuft obey,
Tou must be true to al! you say,
Fo if tocfther all your lire
We r ronounce . pronounce you man and wife.
At times some of the boys whose names
arc repeated by the weaker sex are in
veigled into the game. They have a re
luctance rfo join the gfrfa for toor their
companions will dub them "sis.^uV but
if they can enter the pastime with pro
priety they do so and are rewarded with
kisses. The following lines are generally
repeated:
Oats nnJ beans and barley grows
'Tis you nor I an<l Bobod? knows.
So open the rir.s and ebooea her In
And kiss her, when you get her in.
Atonic -with J?a . ! "Wi.tso.i- rtown m Mexico.
First comes a kiss, second comes a cat.
Third corned Frank with ft white straw hat.
He takes her on his knee, he says. "Do you
love me?"
*Oh. yes; I rove you~- There's nothing in this
world
To rart our love in two."
fhe suxdav call.
Kitty Casey having been selected to
grace _the center of the ring, the leader
starts~an appropriate song and all quickly
join in.. *
Down in the meadow where the green gnus
grows
There stands Kitty Casey as sweet as a rose.
She sings— she sings, she sings so sweet;
Go out, Nat Wilson, and kiss her sweet.
He kisses her, he loves her, he buys her a
ring: '.
A wedding In the church and a gay gold rinsr.
Oh, Kitty, oh,. Kitty, you ought to be ashamed
To many a boy who will soon be a man;
But he works for his Kitty as hard as he can.
Oh, doctor, oh, doctor, can you tell
What will make roor Kitty well? i
She is sick and ready to die,
And that would make poor Nattle cry;
But Nattie, Nattle, don't you cry,
For you'll be married on the Fourth of July.
4
Children's Songs
and GamesAteyzte, will you walk with me?
Mayzie turns up her little nose and de
clines to be bribed. Whereupon the leader
tries again:
I will give you a golden spoon
To feed your baby in the afternoon.
Mayzie. will you walk?
Mayzie, will you talk?
ilayzie, will you walk with me?
The tempting offer has little effect on
Mayzie, and again she spurns the tempter.
The latter retains hope of victory, and
continues:
I will give you a golden chair
To sit In the garden and take fresh air.
Mayzie. will you walk?
Mayzie, will you talk?
Mcyzle, will you walk with me?
The tempted, being but human, begins
to falter and weakly answers in the nega
tive. This only spurs, the siren on to her
goal, and she sings:
I will give you a golden carriage
To go to the church and then get married.
Mayzie, will you walk?
Mayzie, will you talk?
Mayzie, will you walk with me?
The leader tires of offering such costly
gifts for the privilege of walking and
talking to Mayzie, so she stakes all on the
throw and when she imparts the- follow
ing- information to the tempted, victory
crowns her efforts and a ray of sunshine
has entered her young life:
I will give you the key to heaven
To count the angels tleven by eleven,
Mayzie, will you walk,
Mayzie, will you talk,
Mayzie, will you walk with met
Mayzie— Yes.
last nlshL
I dreamt I saw her ghost last night.
Behind the kitchen door.
As soon as she utters the last sentence
the leader romps away with her compan
ions at her heels. The one who tirst
catches her is permitted to join her in
Ringing the long verse. The game con
tinues until they tire or a fond mother
calls one of them to go on an errand or to
supper. Another pretty song sung by-the
children when playing this game is the
following:
Leader —
Mayzie, will you walk?
Mayzie, will you talk?
May zip, will you walk with met
Leader—
I will give you a golden light
To decorate your bed at ntghL
Mayzie, will you walk?
Mayzie, will you UlkT.
Bury her Sn to-day?
Chorus —
White.
Leader—*
Wiiite is for table?, for babies, for babies.
White is for babies,
And It won't do.
Chorus —
Red.
Leader-
Re*? ts for firemen, for firemen, for firemen.
Ited is for firemen.
And it won't do.
—
Black is for dead people, for dead people
lilac* Is for dead people.
And that will do.
Leader—
I dreamt I saw her ghost last sight, her ghoBt
Thus it is that children enjoy life. There
Is not a cloud to dim their vision and not
a care in the world. Who would not be
a child again? LOUIS LEVY.
These last remarks create an unfavor
able impression. Instantly there is a
stampede. The "kings" are chased by
the "mothers" and when all are captured
the game starts again.
The kings do not see that way. The
repeated rebuffs they received at the out
set have angered them and with great sar
casm, they warble:
Here's your daughter, safe and sound,
And in her pocket there's not a pound.
And on her finger is a dirty brass rinfc
And she's not lit to marry a king.
Of the many sonps they sing and the
games they play the following is most
popular with the children. Three of them
face as many more who. standing against
the wall and with these words on their
lips, march to and fro:
Here come three sailors, three by three
To court ytur daughter, Anna Lee.
May we hitve a lc«ig[ne here, here, here?
May we have a lodging hert?
lien; come three firemen, etc.
Hero CDme three soldiers, etc.
No!
Here come three kinps, three by three
To court your daughter. Anna L«e.
May w» have a lodging here, here, here's
May we have a lodging here?
Chorus— Yes! Here's my daughter, safe and
sound.
And in her pocket are twenty pounds.
And on her finger is a diamond ring, •
And fhe is fit to marry a king
J"«»"li*t TuTl of f^rr.
Ashes, ishrr.
Ati ;«:! <i..»i
nnd
CkArtie on tV.«? water, r'harl!* on the .«ea.
O arli«> may *-at<"h a IV.aikbirtl
But «-an't catch m*.
Tiring of this pastime, they take up ono
th:it does not call forth so much energy.
Tlif hunch of merry maids stand witlt
l>;icks against a houre. One of their
number set* the ball u-rollin? by facinv
thi j m at a distance of three feet, and to
a:o following tune marches back and fo.-tli
aritl efttCB:
Leaicr—
Y\f ri;in* to s«- Miff Jt-nny Jones, Miss Jenny!
Ji m-s. Miss .'< nny Jtwes.
I'\c ci.rr,e to «*>«• Mi«s J»nny Jonni,
.ApI hew is s!j« to- Jay?
Cbrrcs —
Vaslrn;.
leader—
I'm vtry j:l;i<* to hear it. to lioar it.
Pa very rlai to h«-ar it.
A:vl i> t iv is fit- to-Jay?
[rorlnz.
r«B \.ry clad tn h»ar it. to hear It.
I'm vitv sria<i t"> hear it.
An. I h .*.v is sbe to-day ?
rhin's-"*-
Si. it.
LttiiJPr—
I'm wrv sr»rry t^ hr»r it. to hear it
I'm very ?«-rry to hear it
Ait'l bow is she to-day?
Chore*—
Dead.
I'm very Ffrry to hear 5t. to hear It.
I'm very sorry to hea»* it.
To hear it to-day. \
What fhall we bur>" her in. bury her In.
What Fhall we bury hrr in.
5Great Author— No. never. The talented
Miss Bung ha3 met me several times,
however. — Chicago Record.
Common Person — Have yoa ever met
the talented Miss Bung?
Gibbs— No, but Tve taken a better one
by mistake and left my own.— New York
Press.
SUPPLYING THE FACTS.
Quigley — Did you ever have m. man tak*
your overcoat by mistake and leave a bet
ter one?
THE OTHER LEO.
"Think up something:" moaned the
poor girl. "Oh, auntie, what did you
want to say that for?"
And she collapsed again.— Chicago Trib
une.
"Now, Clara." her business-like aunt
said, bustling about, "you are so much
better that you must try to think op
something to amuse yourself with."
Still pallid and wan, but hopeful and
feebly trying to smile, the youog woman
in the pale green gown reclined In the
steamer chair.
It was her first day on deck.
The majestic ship, freighted with Its
priceless human cargo, rolled and pitched
on the heaving bosom of the great deep.
Third day out.
FATAL FIGURE OF SPEECH.
"Well, that bumiM me." said the colonel
as he began fanning himself with a Pana
ma hat. "I know mat the cheek of these
newspaper reporters Is always in fu!l
flower, but I didn't know that they as
sumed, to legislate for the State." •
"AH I know," asserted the Judge again,
"that two newspaper reporters once ad
journed a session of the Illinois Senate."
"How'd they do It? Choke the Speaker
with copy paper?"
"No; they were very civilized about' it.
It was cne day when everybody expected
a dull session, and only two of us Senators
put in an appearance, counting 'Dave*
Littler, who was in the chair.
" 'I want to get an interview with Lit
tler when this thing's over,* said one
newspaper man.
" 'So do I,' said the other. 'I move that
we adjourn,' he shouted at Littler.
" 'I second the motion,' said the first
reporter. •
" *It Is moved and seconded that we
now adjourn,* said Littler solemnly.
'Those in favor will signify It In the usual
manner.'
" 'Aye,' shouted both of the reporters.
" 'Carried,' said Littler."— Chicago InUr
Ocean.
ADJOURNED BY REPORTERS.
the first time since they were spliced, and
she wants to hand him out the big hug
before he's more'n landed from the car
steps. Well, I guess we all have it that
bad once in our lives, anyhow."
The train pulled in a couple cf minutes
after. The young woman ran alongside
the baggage car and the bagfjagemaster
handed her out a miserable little speci
men of a stuckup. hideous-muzaled pug
dog, which she took in her arms and load
ed down with caresses.
As she passed out of the exit gate with
the pug in. her arms she bestowed a Be
witching smile upon the gateman.—Wash
ington Star.
We in the country yearn for this.
MIDSUMMER DISSATISFACTION.
A few minutes before the afternoon
train from New York gpt into the station
the other day a beautiful young creature
in a new spring suit wafted herself over
to the man stationed at the exit gate and
proceeded to hypnotize him.
"Will you please let me through?" she
said appealingly.
"Can't do it. miss; it's against the
rules." said the man at the gate.
"But I do so want~lo meet him when
he gets off," said the beauteous young
thing, looking into the man's face
searchingiy with her imploring violet
eyes. "And he will be so disappointed
if I am not right at the car to meet him
when the train gets In.
"Please," said the lovely young creature,
rustling her silk skirts nervously and
seeming to hang on the gateman's nod.
"Well, maybe I can take a chance," said
the gatemani and he pulled it open and
admitted her.
"S'pose she's only, been married a little
while," reflected the gateman. "and her
husband's coming back after being away
We in the city yearn for this.
The Social Status of Yaphank
machine agent that writes poetry; where
every fortune teller that comes along
reaps a rich harvest; where a man by the
name of Jones spells it 'Joughnes' and
isn't mobbed; where the swell young men
have their photographs taken in the act
of playin' the mandolin; where they think
checker playing is sport and where the
Board of Selectmen consists of a flying
machipe inventor, a long-whiskered man
who printed a pamphlet declaring that
the world is flat, a horse doctor that lee
tures on theosophy at odd spells, and a
former circus clown.
"It's the place, too. where Look out!
Confound It, young man; don't hit
against that leg o' mine again! I've had
the rheumatism in it ever since I don't
know when, and it hurts like the llvin"
fury all the time. Wa-al, the foregoing
are some of the peculiarities of this place.
You can just figure It out for yourself
what kind of a town it la. In my humble
opinion Yaphauk i3 the Indian word "for
duinfoolcry, but you can take it that way
or any other, just as it suits you."— Tom
P.* Morgan in The Smart Set.
"I don't know, except that when such a
marriage is contracted there's the devil
to pay. "-Puck.
"But the marriage which Is not made In
heaven, where is It made?"
A CLEW.
"General Buller took Almond's Nek, 1
presume," said the. colonel, "by sending
some, of his crack regiments against it."
"Or perhaps he shelled It," suggested a.
shocked hearer. — Chicago Tribune.
WAR'S HORRORS.
"Could you do the landlord of the 'Lady
of Lyons?' " asked the manager of a
seedy actor.
"Well. I should think I might. I have
done a good many landlords."— Boston
Traveler.
COULD HE? WELL!
Mr. Little's feet are unusually large.
Davie noticed it. "Mamma," said he in
a whisper, "Mr. Little would have been
quite a tall . man, wouldn't he, if the Lord
hadn't folded him so high up at the bot
tom?"—Judge.
HIS OPINION.
"That's right— Old Grandfather Rox
sum, who made the money for the family,
was a teamster.— Philadelphia Pres3.
"What?"
"How the Roxums do draw the long
bow! Don't they make you smile when
they brag about their 'ancestral halls'?"
"Yes, but there's nothing untruthful
about that."
"This is also the locality where the
Don't Worry Club has a hair-pulling
'most every session; where the leading
undertaker is president of the Christian
Science Coterie; where there have been
enough gold bricks bought at different
times by persons who couldn't afford such
luxuries to build a monument: where a
petrified man exhibition or a two-headed
calf show is called an entertainment;
where an old man has demonstrated that
he can be happy though married to a girl
of nineteen; where there's a washing-
HAULING PROMPTLY DONE.
"What kind of a town have you here,
my friend?" asked a summer resort tour
ist from the city, addressing a sour look
ing citizen of Yaphank who was sitting
humped up and grunting in a chair on
the porch of the tavern.
"Aw, this is the place," was the acrid
reply, "where a couple of young Idiots
were married In a store window about a
week ago, and also the place where the
folks that think themselves society lead
ers play croquet in golf clothes; it's the
place where a magnetic healer is sum
mering for his health, and the handsom
est unmarried preacher in town stutters
like a gosh-darned corn popper; where
they ain't got through with that infernal
twentieth century problem yet; where
gentlemen of the bid school occasionally
pull each other's noses for exercise;
where we have 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' three
times a year, and like it every time;
where they have elected a postage stamp
collector for Mayor, and where a re
formed life insurance agent regularly
takes up collections in church.
the suni>ay' call.
A COMPROMISE.
Parson Whitelamb— Why, Willie, I'm very sorry to catch you stealing. I
shall feel it my duty to inform your father.
Willie— Yes. I'm sorry, too. Parson; but, now I'm caught, I'll tell ye what
J'U do. . I'll divvy with you if you won't tell dad. What d'ye say?
6
Was Anxious to Meet Him.A certain missionary relates that he got
an Indian scholar to assist him in trans
lating into the Indian vernacular the
hymn:
Rock of ages, cleft for me,
Let me hide myself in thee.
Imagine his surprise and chagrin to read
the following loose lines:
Very old stone, split for my benefit,
Let me get under one of your fragments.
¦ —Memphis Scimitar.
QUICK WORK.
He (kneeling at her feet) — Only this
question: Say, will you b<* mine? . . . ¦
She— Oh, how sudden! Do give me a lit
tle time to think.
He— Torture me no longer. I must have
your decision at once. .
She— But why this haste?
He— I cannot stay any longer; I've a cab
waiting.— Ex.
BORES EVEN HIMSELF.
Belle — Is Chappie tiresome? "; '
Flora — Is he? Why, they say he yawns
Incessantly when he's alone.— The Smart
Oaf
OC U . . ..¦¦;. ¦ . _. .
. Smythe — Remember when Jones' was
married last year, how he kicked about
the duplicate wedding presents? /
Browne — Yes. -
_ Smythe— Well, that sort of "luck seems
to follow him." He had a somewhat sim
ilar complaint yesterday.
! Browne— What was it?
Smythe — Duplicate birthday present.
That is to say— twins.— Cincinnati En
quirer. .
A certain captain, having been ordered
on foreign service, gave a farewell dinner
to his regiment. Addressing the men be
fore they- commenced to eat,- he said: ,
"Now, lads, treat this } dinner as you
would the enemy." -
After dinner he discovered Private Rob
inson stowing several bottle of champagne
away in a bag. Highly incensed, the cap
tain asked him what he meant by such
conduct.
"Why, sir," said 'Robinson, "I'm only
obeying orders."
"Obeying orders," roared the captain.
"What do you mean?"
VYes,. sir," was the answer. "Tou toid
us to treat the dinner like an enemy, and
you know, sir, when we meet an enemy,
those we don't kill we take prisoners." —
London Tit-Bits. — -
TWO OF A KIND.
ADLAI EWING STEVENSON. :~
(Features are formed from the letters of their names.)
TIIE OBEYED ORDERS.
7
TIIE SUNDAY CALL.
"Oh. yc-s! Now I see. It's bumblebees!"
Prufess-.r Walker (taking a stroll)— If
one wf^hc-s to learn nature's secrets he
must use his eyes and ears. Let him
> arnestiy and diligently search for knowl
* d^e ar.d he will surely gain it. Now, for
irrytanc^. I wonder what's the cause of
that curious noise in the grass?
A story Is told of a British soldier In
Egypt His colonel, observing' him one
morning wending his way to camp with
a fine Egyptian rooster in his arms, halt
ed bim to aBk If he had been stealing
chickens. "No, colonel," was the reply;
"I Just saw the old fellow sitting on the
wall, and I ordered him to crow for old
England, and he wouldn't, s» I confiscated
him for a rebel."— Ex.
NOT A ROBBER.
"And you-want this court to let you off
easy, do you? You are the kind of men,
llr. Buttercup, who give the city a bad
name. The fine will be J15 and costs. Call
the next case!"— Chicago Tribune.
"Never get drunk in Parsleyville?"
"Never, your Honor."
. "You only get drunk when you come to
the city. Is that right?" .
"That's about right."
"And when you do come to the city you
always get drunk and disorderly?"
"Generally, your Honor, I am sorry to
say."
"I think the court ought to let me off
easy. I am not a drinking man when I am
at home. Nobody in Parsleyville ever saw
me take a drink of any kind of liquor."
"Well, is that all you have to say for
yourself?" ...
"Farsleyville."
"The officer says you were drunk and
disorderly, Mr. Buttercup."
. "I don't remember anything about it,
but I guess I was."
"Prisoner, what is your name?
"Abraham M. Buttercup, your Honor."
"You don't live in the city, do you?
"No, your Honor."
"Where is your home?"
"That's what I thought," said the boy,
reflectively. "Don't you think that we
have a good opportunity to apply It now?"
"In what way, my boy?"
"Why, let's arbitrate the question of
that licking that you are going to give
me after dinner. Everybody arbitrates
now."
It was arbitrated.— London Tit-Bits.
ALL THE WORSE.
"Always."
The boy again relapsed into thought for
a few minutes, apparently pondering his
father's words.
"Then, of course, we're all for peace
now?" he finally said.
"Of course. Perfect peace is the ideal
for which we strive."
"And we should strive for that ideal in
private and public affairs, shouldn't we?"
"No, my boy; physical prowess does not
rank as high as mental ability in the
world of to-day."
"It is. indeed," returned the father.
"The whole tendency of modern civiliza
tion Is to do away with fighting of all de
scriptions."
"Muscle doesn't count for so much as it
used to. does it?"
"Yes, my son," replied the father,
pleased to see that his lessons on that
subject had not been wasted.
"It's wrong to try to settle disputes by
resorting to force, isn't it?"
"Father, it's wrong to tight, isn't it?"
The hoy bad been in thought for several
minutes. At last he said:
NOTHING LIKE ARBITRATION.
Hi: LL KNOW ME NEXT TIME.
liriJ>?rroorn ('returning from the honey- :
moon) — I>o you k«^p this car thoroughly j
lighted going through the tunnel?
Braketnan — Ye?, sir.
liridegrocm— All right. I'll go and get)
my wife. — The Smart Set.
SAGACIOUS PRECAUTION.
Askum— Do you approve of abbreviating
"< hri.-imas" to "^C-mas?"
Tellur.i — I wish I er.u!d. It usually costs
me a "C'cr an "L." I'd be willing to
abbreviate it to "V'-msiP If my wife
v. j;J agree.— Baltimore American.
HE LETTER AND THE SPIRIT.
OUR LETTER CARICATURES.
THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES
PERILS OF TRANSLATION.
The translation of the English spiritual
songs into . the foreign languages often
causes ludicrous readings which are quite
equal to any of the slangy irreverence of
the impudent young American.
THREE.
WHAT IS ONE MANS MEAT IS ANOTHER MAN'S POISON.
i vv u
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN.
ONE.THE SUNDAY CALL.
8quarantine and I don't know . whether j I
can get you out or not.'
"Carol began to pack up her precious
studies and insisted that '.she "must go
home because her mother wouldn't know
where she was. She wanted to march
boldly out the front door,' but he told her
if she did she would run Into the arms of
•
t wo • policemen who - had not eaten jj our
bread and salt um ba had. and thai thav
would not let! her pas? without a ; certifi
cate that she had been inoculated. But
he agreed that we must act at once, be
fore the'- .vigilance of the officers had be
come educated by experience. K .'."C
"The bac<v door opened into a dark cor
ridor, and from there a stairway, led into
the cellar; but we never thought of that
till our policeman asked about it. The
~allv interesting Dortlnn of the Chinese
quarters Is the part which is under
ground. We girls had done a little ex
ploring In the cellar, and knew that a
passageway led off in the direction of that
part of. Kearny street which was beyond
the lines. Our only hope of escape was
by- this passage. We set out at once,
leaving all our sketches behind; and/ by
the-by, the studio has been fumigated
and they are all spoiled. . I fancy we felt
as loot's wife did, for re lert WKing
backward into dear eld Bohemia. We ran
along the corridor and down the steps
into the cellar, plunged into the dark
ness of the passageway, and came to the
door. It was locked and had \o be forced
open. We then found ourselves in a room
where Chinese junk men sort their treas
ure. A shriveled old Mongolian was sit
ting on the floor mending something or
other. He might have had the plague for
all we knew; he looked suspicious; but
we didn't shun him, our skirts fairly
brushed his face as we went up the steps
into the rear of a Chinese house, which
was constructed on the plan of a Chinese
puzzle. The men were in the streets form
ing a riot, and only a few women and
children were left in the house, and they
didn't Interfere with us. We could hear
the shouts of the mob in front of the
Consul's house. They were excited over
the' report that the white men had pois
oned the water in Chinatown.
"Our guide kept his bearings, in spite of
our repeated declarations that we knew
we were hopelessly lost, and we finally
descended into another cellar. The cavo
of despair we call it now, because we had
First Coaches in London.
Riding was the only alternative to walk-
Ing at the beginning of Elizabeth's reign,
and a lady never rode without six or sev
en serving men to carry attire suitable to
all contingencies, and the means to repair
a toilet which might suffer on the jour
ney. To diminish this cost coaches cams
Into use. They \vere introduced in 15c4
by a Dutch coachman of the Queen; but
we are told "a ecach was a, strange mon
ster In those days, and the sight of It put
both man and horse Into amazement;
s<jme said it was a great crabshell brought
out of China, and some Imagined It to ba
the pagan temples in which the cannibals
worshiped the devil." But at length thesa
doubts were clearK» end ccachznaking be
came a substantial trade. So rapid was
the increase of coaches that in 1601 an act
of Parliament was passed "to restrain the
; excessive and superfluous use of coaches
within this realm." In spite of thi3 Inno
vation no method could be devised which
made locomotion pleasant through streets
which were alternately torrents of dirt
finding their way to the Fleet ditch, and
thick deposits of black mud, which fur
nished a ready weapon to any one who
wished to express disapprobation. It is
difficult for us to picture London without
either cabs or omnibuses.— Bishop of Lon
don, in Cornhill Magazinei
to stay there all night. The policeman
left us to reconnoiter, and promised that
If he couldn't come back and get U3 out
that night he would send messages to our
folks saying that we were spending the
night In Oakland. He did, and we glrfcj
lived through an eternity In that cellar
In a single night. It was horrible— past
all telling, and when in the dim light we
saw our deliverer coming: the next morn
ing we actually wept for Joy.
"In running the final gauntlet the po
:iceman pretended to have us under ar
rest, and we couldn't have acted our part
better if we had been actually guilty.
The Chinese were quiet by that time and.
were standing in groups reading th» bul
letins and talking them over. They did
not seem to mind us much, and wo de
scended into another tunnel and crept
through it and came to a subterranean
room of considerable size, which used to
be a dancs hall. An alley ran from this
to a flight of stairs and a door on Kearny
street beyond the ropes.
"That's all there Is to tell, except that
we went home and told the whole story,
and our folks were so glad that we es
caped that they forgot to disapprove."
Miss Carol Bell think3 the old proverb
about shunning disagreeables as you
would the plague should be changed to
shun disagreeables as you would a quar
antine.
nailed upon the wall beside a , broken
hand glass.
"Another motto read: 'High hopes faint
on warm hearthstones.' They had an idea
that they could work better -In a plain
"^ room with nothing to distract their Rtten
>tlon. There was something delightfully
refreshing about the place. The young la
dies called It the artistic atmosphere, and
I guess it was.
"Well, I've got to go on, now. '.They
can tell you about how they escaped from
quarantine better than 1. /So long."'.
Meanwhile the girls worked on, uncon
scious of the" fact that the germs of bu
bonic plague had begun .to. germinate in
the minds of certain kcal physicians and
politicians and that the Board of Health
was weaving a net to catch bad girls who
He and they went every morning' to the
studio.
"We were there as usual," said Miss
Fraser, "the day the quarantine began,
but we didn't know anything about It till
the policeman . burst Into the studio and
startled us by saying:. 'You rirla axe in
MISS ISABEL FBASEB and Miss
Carol BeU. two young artists of
this city, were quarantined lit
Chinatown during thft plague
scare and only escaped the experience of
being Inoculated through the kindness oC
the policeman on th<- bloci.
The pirls are enthusiastic, and as their
latent fad is tho study of Oriental decora
tive art they decided to t:ikc a studio in
Chinatown. Bo they rentr-d a room in ona
cf tbos=e old buildings fronting Ivcarny
street. fornJEhed it with junk and set to
work.
Kr.ov. ire that parents would disapprove
cf the Wo;» and pronounce the location im
possible the rrirls rietiicJ to keep the
vhole affair a dead secret. So excuses
muFt be made to account f^r absence
from home every day. Accordingly Miss
p rafer paid Bbe was taking iPfynns in
china painting and rr.<!?t h* at the stu
dio every morning at 9 o'clock. Miss Bell
pave out that Fhc wa«; taking a* summtf
school course over in Berkeley. The reg
ularity of hours whicn these tihs imposed
upon them was the ercat eood wlucn,
came from doinfc a little wrong. The in
habitants of the 10-eent lodging-house
adjacer.t to the studio wondered a llttl<s
at first why two young ladies from th*.
hills came down there every morning
end the Italian who tells grog and gro
ceries on the corner realized tils lack of
breeding the first time he wrapped VP
Frer.ch bread sr.d cheese for them.,but he.
socn became accustomed to It and the
girls might have continued undiscovered
to the erd of the chapter but for th*
episode of the plague.
The only pers=or. nbo possessed the open
pesarr.o v.:.s the policeman. He construed
It as part of his duty, to find out what two
Eentf-cl your.? women Tvere doing In the
old Hiller house. He noticed that after
the door had clo.-ed behind them the old..
talaec looked uninhabited as it had for
many years. The sign of the last tenant
still decorated the window — "Inhalatorlum
for consumption, catarrh, bronchitis and
asthrr.a."* A faded payer poster continued
to proclaim the piaee to let.
"Of course 1 thought," said the police
man, "that they had enme to reclaim' the
dope fiend3 of the old apartment house or
establish a rr.iis'on of seme sort, but.after
waitir.g a weel? for them to get to busi
ness, and they only come and went mys
terious like. I developed a cough and
fcolted In one morning. The young: ladies
Initiated me Intc the secret and I used to
drop in to chat occasionally. It beat every
thing the way they ured to work. I tell
Vyou they lived up to their motto: 'Con-*
.rant toll is the law of art as it Is of life,
for art is Idealized creation/ It was writ
ten on a piece of butcher's paper and
QUAR ANTI NED IN CHIATOWNThe great temptation after the exposure
to the heat and. the probabilities, of sun
burn is to wash the face. Water acts like
a mcrctant to set the eiye of sunburn, 'the
shin that, might have possibly escapea
w;th faint redness becomes scarlet and
evfcn blistered after washing while the sun
is still upon it or after just returning from
an exposing expedition. Wipe the lace
gently with some oily preparation and use
powder that Is soothing and the effects of
the sunburn will shortly pass away. — Dr.
Grace I'tckliam Murray, In Harper's tia
zax-
- The texture of the skin Is likewise in
jured when frequently subjected to sun
burn. One should, therefore, avoid it as
much as possible. It is' not as ditncuU to
do this, as you .wdtiid' thin!..; ; In. ( tnc, first
jHace, 'before going "-forth .on .any .ad ven
ture'lsx whlcrh.ywir^rre ,lilc^j>. to jseVsun
biirnt, take the precaution, to oif t&e fate
with cold cream ¦oE-wlth pure -wHits vase
line, <w,j{ that la too sticky, witty wiut«
vaseline and almond oil, equal i<ar U. anJ
then use some good, reliable powder, if
you «Jo not care for looks put it on thickly
and it acts as a ma.sk to protect the skin.
Avoid as far us possible the reflection of
the sun upon glaring sand or water. This
burns more quickly, than anything vine.
To fivoid Sunburn.
- She Wore Out Two
pafi-s .oF ©Vegans y^ a
Month amid a Paar •'
oF LgatheP Mitt^s ¦ ¦
Every Week WhMeat Work.
were r.ailod on. Mrs. r>avid helped at the
flooring, at the window fixtures and un
aided she put all th* priming coat of paint
on the house. At some expense, she had
the old carpenter teach her how to lay
brick, and the little brick chimney that
runs up at one corner of the house ia all
her own work. Critical people sa.y It Is
out of plumb and that the layers of bricks
are uneven, but what doea Mrs. David
care for that? She is prouil of her work
and shows it wih all the prk'.e of a Me!3
sonier exhibiting his chef d'eeuvre at the
academy.
In the midst of the shingling of ths
house, in which the little wife did a good
share of the hammering. Mr. David hrui
another critically sick spell, and for ten
days Mrs. David abandoned house
building and devoted herself to her hus
band. Suddenly the invalid began- to mend
and the wife went back to- work on. the
house in the foothills. There was delay^
about the plasterers. . and at last- when?
they came Mrs. David worked at painting 1 '
her little home. By May 1 the plaster hail.
dried, the debris had been cleaned away
and the hci:re was ready for occupancy. . ..
"I shall never forget the day I drove. euit
here to the house." said Mr. David, aa -
he sat on the porch at home and looked .
proudly about him. "I had lain, there, in,
bed day after day. wondering what sort .
of a thins my brave wife was trying to
get together for our home. But when I
turned yonder.foothills and saw from the
carriage this house and knew that It was .
one-third of my own wife's skill and hard,
labor I could scarcely control my emotion.
I halve never had anything appeal to m*
so pathetically. We moved up here live '
weeks ago, and I don't know whether it is
my pride at having the most v/onderful
¦wife that' ever lived or whether it's the'
high, dry climate, but I'm recovering my
health up here faster than anywhere ever
before. There's a lot more work to be
done en this house yet. and we are r.ot
showing it off as a piece of superior ar
chitectural skill. Eut It's my -wife's own
work, and the only house built sq,much by
a woman that I ever knew. or' heard of."
she had planned .to build a comfortable
house there for a few hundred dollars,
he said it was a pity she should throw"
away such sweet optimism on such hope
less prospects.
"I suppose you know, my dear, that
there's less than $1000 of our fortune
left," he whispered.
"Oh, yes; but I've some plans of my
own that you don't know about," came
the confident reply.
Mrs. David planned and planned all
that night, while her husband thought
her fast asleep. She was up at daybreak
and when breakfast was over she hired
a woman neighbor to come and care for
her husband and child while she went
about executing her plans. Her heart
seemed like lead, but she did not let a
soul know but that she was the most
blithesome, chipper person In town.
She went over to Colton and trotted
about for hours among .carpenters and
lumber dealers. She drew rough plans of
a house such as she vlshed, got esti
mates for the lumber and asked ten
thousand questions about housebuilding
and how and where to economize In put
ting up a house. The next day Mrs. Da
vid had a lawyer friend fix her legal
entry upon the Government claim, and
the first load of lumber was hauled to
the'site of the house, when Mr3. David
had paid the lumber bill and Insisted up
on all the discounts coming to her.
That was on February 18. The Colton
people will still tell with smiles and In
glowing .worda of praise for the plucky
little woman how frequently during those
February days they saw pretty and joung
Mrs. David seated alongside a veteran
local carpenter and the driver of the
lumber company's wagon, on loads of
shingles, red-Wood boards and pine scan
tlings on the way to the site of the pro
posed house miles away over in the foot
hills out of town. The Colton people say
the scene of the prepossessing little
Yankee blonde, with a serviceable som
brero over her flaxen locks and wearing
a light blouse and new denim overalls,
looking the picture of contentment and
determination as she rode man fashion,
on the loads of lumber, was one worth .
going miles to sec. Every one In Colton^
and Riverside who knows the circum
stances of the case glories' in the un
daunted energy of Mrs. David: ' '.
The work on the^Httlahome began with
(«the first load of Jumper on the scene.'
Every day Mrs. David went there with
the lona white-haired carpenter at 7 In .
the morning and she returned with* him
at evening. She "worked hard and labor
iously under the old carpenter's orders.
She did a man's work. £^lie sawed, planed,
carried lumber, chiseled holes for Joists
and drove nails and spikes. Her hands .
ached and grew horny under their labor.
The carpenter says she was the most pro
ficient apprentice he ever had. In a week
she had the run of how lumber was to be
handled and a "thousand and one paints
about the handling of tools as her car
penter bess did. She wore out two pairs
of overalls In n month and a pair of
leather mittens every week. She says she
was often terribly weary, but only her
abiding zeal to have a home for her sick
husband, and her child and owe nothing
upon it kept her at her n*ard labor. At
night she dropped asleep almost while at
the table.
Every noon she got out her dinner pall
and sitting on a pile of lumber of a saw
horse she end the old carpenter ate their
meal from their tin palls. When the work
of the day was done they climbed Into the
carpenter's platform wagon and together
they rode back to town. "The hardest,
work of all when we were building the"
house," said Mrs. David, In telling of
those days, "was when I bade my poor
husband and my little baby sood-by and
started out at dawn to do more work and
thereby get a home so much cheaper."
When the frame was up and the boards
Mrs. &dward Jtf. J)artd'-dt &)ork on fter Jfouse*
You Might it Easier to Win a Medal Than to Make One
"jr=5NJCN"ICS. whist parties, school con-
L-^ tests, carnivals and cakowalks—
ji there are dozens of them in a-sum
mer, and for each of them there
must be dozens of nledals.
Back In a litter of miscellaneous th!r.g3
In the rear of n busy 'little whop on Six
teenth street, owned by T. , Musgrove,
medals of all descriptions are being made
st an astcundlnp rate. Out of Bold and
silver and all sorts of metals queer de
eigns arc bans' curiously wrought, each
emblematic of par excellence in some
particular line. The designer begins the
Genesis of the process and the Revela
tion aro performed by the man who en
amels and polishes. Between theso two
stages there is much of cutting,, tracing,
engraving, baking, heating and • many
other thing? that Jewelers do.
The designer evolves from the Idea
given him by the person who orders the
medal an art,'stlc creation in pencil or pen
tracing, representing the medal as it 1»
to appear when finished. After beinj?
approved the drawing is submitted to the
tngraver, to whom the goldsmith hands
over the medal, prepared in proper pro
portions and beaten to the required thick
ness:. With curious little Haws dnd knives
the eneraver {roes to v.-prk, following. out
the indications of the drawing in the
pieces of metal, executing the design In
a number of sections. Meanwhile the en
ampler has been grinding Into dust a curi
ous kir.d of glass, which he mixes Into a
paste. The portions of the engraved trac
ings, fcuch ns letters, flowers, etc., which
are to be enameled, are then filled In with
the paste , mixture and the medal is put
to bake. When thoroughly done the
roughness of the enamel is ground away
in some manner known to the jeweler, in
volving the use of emery paper, chamois
cloth and such things: then the sections
are given a high polish and put together.
When, behold, the medal is complete
ready for the fittest in the struggle for
survival.
The accompanying cuts of medals aro
those prepared for the coming school con
tests of the Santa Clara College, and the
patterns are wrought after the designer's
conception of what tho time-honored cus«
torn of modal awarding demands. The en
graver and the enamelcr have attended
to the execution, and the-medals are glint
ing brightly on their tinted velvet cush
ions, awaiting such time as their wlnnera
are determined.
hard. Keeping the doctor's words a close
secret, she revolved the idea of a home
in the foothills over and over in her mind
for a week. At last she reached a de
cision. Something had tobe done, und done
soon. Leaving her husband and baby in
the care of a slster-ln-la w. who came on
from Topeka, Kans.. young Mrs. David
hired a carriage, drove lif teen miles out
into the country and went on foot all
over the lonely foothill region that skirts
the base of the towering San Bernardino
Mountains southwest from Colton. She
found a spot— six miles from the nearest
settler— where a little water might he had
among the desolate hills. H had once
teen taken up as a Government land
claim .and then had. been abandoned. It
could be had for comparatively nothing.
There the brave little woman decided to
build a house for her ranr.ly.
¦When M rs. David' returned to her nus
band's bedside late that afternoon she
told him how she had found the very spot
for him to make another light for new
lungs -and renewed life! She was sure
a natural sanitarium for weak lungs had
been found by herself. Hut the sick hus
band only smilod at her plans and en
thusiasm. When, however, she' told how
the loan.
Mrs. Iiavid opened a studio, 'did Chinese
scenes in water colors and made family
expenses by her holiday orders. ' She had
offers of a large salary to gj and paint
in water colors In a Sari Francisco art
establishment, but the doctors said her
husband could r.ot endure the climate of
the seashore. So die declined the iffer.
Last January the Davids moved farthei
Inland— to Riverside— where it was hoped
that the dryer .itrncsphcre would benefit
the invalid's lungs. The family purse hao
sadly shrunken, and. moreover, there
fecmed no prospect «'f checking the
shrinking. One day early in February,
while Mr. David was very ill In bed, a
physician in Riverside told Mrs. David
that the only hope for her husband's re
covery was to live In a_^ high, dry spot,
where there would !,-e no worry about
finances and where lie might live cheaply
and close to nature— ju^t «s Robert Louis
Stevenson lived, in a deserted mining
camp in California and as he told about
in "Silverado Squatters."
The little wife began - thinking very
i-ast fall Mr." David obtained employ
ment i:i the great beet-sugar factory at
China and wa?" to have promotion as an
electrician as fast as thc-re were vacan
cies*. He worked for four weeks when a
hemorrhage, the severest he ever suf
fered, once more laid him low. • The lit
tle family iater moved back to Los Ange
les when Mr. David could be stirred.
Family expenses and ceaseless profes
sional services made heavy draughts upon
the family funds. A friend to whom Mr.
David loaned J3003 died and left an in
solvent estate and only a note to show for
taken cut for the furniture and household
effects.
. The young couple tnok their loss philo
sophically and looked about for further
means? of livelihood. A month later a
little summer resort hotel, Highland
Home, in the mountains of Orange
County, twenty-five miles from Santa
Ana. w.is leased. At an expense of over
KOOO furniture and culinary utensils were
brought and transported to the hotel and
Mrs. David worked like a Trojan for a
month In getting the place to rights for
the Influx of summer boarders. The
place shone like a new dollar and
everything was pptck and span. Ah, the
hopes the young couple had -built for a
prosperous season there! It was the last
day of May, lSLtf. Everything but a few
chairs and some bedding was ready for
the hotel opening. The Davids and the
Fcrvanta retired that night tired out from
Ions hard work and feelinp that at last
they were about to earn their livelihood
In California. Three hours later the
building was In fiamci'nnd the Davids and
the servants escaped, only with a few of
their clothes. Insurance had not yet been
bought a milk dairy at Compton, in the
vicinity of Los Angeles. lie believed that
the out-of-door work would bo beneficial
to his weak lungs and the occupation
would he a decided financial suc
cess. A real estate agent who
worked up the Bale had demon
strated time and again on paper
how uncommonly profitable such business
enterprises there were, evpn In the green
ert of hands. It is a Ions: story how the
all essential water rights to the dairy pas
tures and lands proved failures as soon as
they were bsught, how previously un
known diseases began attacking the cows
as soon as the deed? were signed, how
this and that milk wagon, horse and piece
of real estate had been previously mort
gaged and how the milk route lay prin
cipally In the former owners Imagination.
Mr. David and his wife owned the prop
erty just four months and then sold it at
a loss of nearly $"300.
ing" at hotels and paying doctors' bills
¦were expensive an«l just as soon as the
husband was able he began to look about
for means to earn a livelihood for his
family. In the course of a few weeks ho
Thas Pkicky Young
Worpan jpfd a /Han*s WorK
as a Carpenter to '
Sick Husband amid Child.
THKnn nre mary ywK>S women out
in ;h!.« ncv: \V;?t "who are "living
live* of . vi r> •"' ;y homely heroism.
California is fall of siou?-he:irted.
determined and ambitions vcung wemen
who have left Lchlnd -beautiful f horaes.
proud fa:r.:iy i-.tjin-^. |»osiclonj se
lect social circir? ami a'.l ili^!r friend*
of girlhood and have followed hu>
l)ardi. father* :i!:<i brother* t"*H) ani
SO£K> mUon to make :i:ime and fame
In this ynung man's country. Out.here in
th" Weft, removed from the convention
alities of the KaMern States, cut off from
the prestige of a genealogy and environed
by strange f.i'^s, new scenes and a frosii
environment the yo;;iiK rooKa dare anil
do. thinps to their zeal for suc
cess that they would r.ot dream of doing
in their former conservative homes. Thus.
there arc j-ouhj women Sit t!ie West .oc
cupying many Held a of human endeavor
which have always been filled by men
exclusively. In this region there aie
women vmqueroe. women bank cashiers,
women liaraess-tsakcrs, women real es
tate age::ts a::d w^r.z.ii lawyers and saw
mill mar.::perf=. ?ome very notable suc
cesses arc also aioong these women.-
The achievement of Mrs. Edward M.
David ir, recently buiJdirg a frame two
etory house and performing a carpenter's
hard manual later on the structure is at
tracting attention in this part of Cali
fornia. The «dnder of the thing i* not
60 much at its achievement by a wotna.i.
but that Mrs. David, -whose former Ufa
has been about as far removed from mas
culine pursuits as one may imagine,
should have perf#rm«*<l the work of a craft
eo successfully. Therefore all the mere
credit should bo given the young lady.
Among i he people who came from the
East to live In Southern California durir.^
the fall ui I£S7 was Edward M. David and
his wife and !<a!jy. Mr. David was about
twenty-seven years old. an electrical en
gineer, a graduate of the Sheffield Scien
tific School at Yale University and also
of a French college of engineers. Mr.--.
David was a plump little blnc-eyod. rosy
chtekrd, very handsome woman of about
twenty-three. Her Jolly ways, her supe
rior education and her devotion to her
husband and child made her friends at
the Lea Angeles hotels, where the family
llved for a feu- months. Mrs. David was
a former student at WtKcsley College at
WeUesley. Mass., for two years, ai:d spent
three \f^r? in a Paris art school, when;
she met* her husband. Her father was
Hiram EL Wiison. who was the London
representative of cotton mills at Fall
River. Mc^s. After his death h!s daughter
inherited his fine, fortune and lived with a
wealthy aunt on Washing! ">n street, near
Banford,' in Dorchester. Mass.
Mr. David returned 'to Boston "married
In ISSG. Very qsIcJclr he obtained s\ hisrh
ealaried r>"sU4o:i in the b!# cleelrie com-
jianifs o;»orati:i? at Niagara Falls. In
the fall <"f I 1 -'. I*, ho caught <v>!«J and from
that time he cosstsntly io=t jcroand in
hea'th. He and wife wife went V> Flor
ida, Bermuda and Cuba. But the ca«o
became more serious. In SeptnmbiT,
3S?T, physicians In Boston said that Mr.
David might recover from consumption in
Southern California.
So forthwith the young couplo and their
baby came to this region. Mr. David
vas v.pak nnd feverisK Mrs. Dkrfd was
Cevotion [UeU to tier sick busbaod. L.J' •
How Many California Girls Can Build a House With Their Own Hands?
THE SUNDAY CAJjL..
10THE gave<t part cf the expns'.tlcn is
th<» lorg. rhaoy avenue en the right
bark of the Seine, known as the Rue
de Par>. It is nor exactly the "Mid
may PIsifarcp," for the shows of
Trocadero correspond more exactly with
the Bort cf thing that constitutes our
'"midway." At Trocadero are situated all
cf the Oriental villages. There the strains
cf The "brom-bocm. tom-tom" Issue from
l^ehind ajyeterioo* looking curtains, whiie
<!-»amy Orientals languish In tV:<? door
wayf. Thr Flue <3 n Paris posses??* a char
acter entirely for "gay Paree."
be it known. :>c(--rr.s to borrow from the
Orient in the matter of enticing the un
wary. She h2= methods enough of her
cwn tn accomplish this result, and the
Rue <Je Paris \r the exhibition place of
ton* cf th«?«e methods. It is so delight
fully cool and riiady in this lovely litt'e
¦ ver.ae. lined with It* rows of th'-iters,
that 'he most serious rrinded person may
have en txruN for l>eirg found thereon.
Tne trtts u:cct overhead and are hung
BT GEXEVIEVE GREEN.
fashion with every comfort that fancy
can devise. The rfstiurant cars are hunt
with pale green brocade, the dishes are.
the flneit porcelain, the glassware la
bewildering. The smoking-cars ar<? dec
orated with the most exquisite tapestries,
and the light coming through fantasti
cally shaped globes in softest colors 13
peculiarly restful. Farther en is a Lou'.a
XVI drawing-room, containing a piano
and furnished in a real excess of luxury.
There are also bathrooms, barber-shops
and the most luxurious dressing-rooms
for ladies. The train b the exhibit of tha
Sleeping-car Company, and is supposed to
represent the real luxury that will char
acterize this Trars-Siberian trip. Tha
whistle sounds, the conductor yells "All
Aboard:" and off you go. As a matter of
fact you do rot budge, but the illusion is
perfect. You are leaving Moscow, and be
fore you tiie towers of th*> Kremlin rl39
and disappear. Then as you go across tho
Busslan fields, the telegraph-poles flying
by you as in an ordinary trip. You sea
the peasants at work and pass through
numerous viliasea. At Nijai-Novgorod
h'u:re *ur.flrwers set with electric
lights. At night, when ail illuminated, the
effect if naturally most fairylike, but even
In broad daylight it is fanta^ti • and beau
tiful. ;itr* th«? gay and festive "spie'er"
«fcx^!« warmly f'O'iuert hi describing the
tplendors that exist within his show, all
fcr one franc. At intervals the whole
thow appears on the veranda and gives a
gratuitous performance, simply as a •am
ple. Of course, the lady in pink tights
is always very conspicuous, for in Paris
th!s costume is afTetied without the s ig*it
est hint of ar, cxc-i:*e. It is quite essential
to the success cf the prima donna who
fir.F* the latent popular song, and Is even
adopted by the matronly person who takes
the tickets at the doer. On the Rue de
Partp the pir.k-tighted demoiselles flit !n
and out among the trees lik* fo many
payly colored birds. At one of the thea
ter* there ere several of these enohantir.g
creature! 1 . »hof« only octupat'nn !* to
twlr.p the Uve long day In a sort of hoop
/
the train crosses the Volga on a wonderful
stone bridge with sculptural arches. Then
more fields, then Omsk and Tomsk and,
Irkoutsk. across more rivers. Lake Baikal
appearing and disappearing, a vast deso
late sea. In the distance the Chlne39
roofs begin to appear, and you know that
you are approaching the. great* cov
eted country of . the almond r eyed Em
press. At last the guard announces "Pe
king"' The train stops and there you
are at a picturesque re <j an{ j green sta
tion. Innumerable Chinese, dressed la
fantastic silks, hurry to and fro. If you
like, you may take dinner or a cup rif tea
in the Chinese restaurant, or you may
spend a few hours looking at the wonder
ful exhibition of Chinese furniture ar.d
bric-a-brac. The exit from the train is
onto the Chinese quarter of the ex
position, makirs the illusion simply per
fect. The panorama that one see3 in
making this trip was palmed from na
ture by Jambon. It is unrolled by elec
tricity a: the rate of five meter3 a s2concL
. msetins her in private life, it Is easier to
imagine her with the background of a
German university than In the bewilder
ing glitter r.f the*s<?rpentine dance.
On the hue de Paris is, a restaurant and
cafe that should surely take the palm for
originality. Every employe within it 13
said to bi'va .nobleman of some descrip
tion. You receive your "bock" from the*
hands of a<3erman Baron, or should you
be reckless Enough to order Mor.tebello
or L'aint Marceau cf "02, for instance, a
real Polish Prince pulls the cork for you.
and you pay . your money to a smiling
Italian Co'unti This establishment is said
to have been instituted for the pleasure
of Americans who are always ambitious
to mingle with European nobility. It is
a boon to the nohjlity as well, affording:
them headquarters where the American
girl with dollars may look upon thejf
«nd to smiie sweeny «t provlnc'sii .tsuors.
At another establishment a whole orches
tra appears at stated intervals in t'phtF
and plumes and spangles and make? mer
ry music for the beguilement of the
crowds. Their reportoire is extensive, a?
they respond with equal fervor to a call
for the "Marseillaise" or the "Washington
Post March." Sometimes, when the sun
comes aslant through the trees and strikes
the faces of thfse gaiety girls, the paint
nnd powdtr are revealed in grotesque
hardnfss. The golden curls that under
gaslight are soft -and beautiful ibecome
most perceptibly wig? or chemically blrni
ed. and then the wrinkles around the eyes
and the lines around tltc mouth become
painfully apr?.rent. The most ord'nary
pair of eyes can see that the gaiety girl is
faded, that her bare neck \% flabby, that
she 2s pitifully passe. But. no matter.
her fascination for the unsophisticated Is
none the leas. 3t amuses me to watch the
countrymen on the Rue de Par!?. The
jaint and powder smiles are not lavished
The Government thus practically givea
: free transportation to those inhabitants'
| of: Russia who will move into, the fertilo
. agricultural and. industrial regions that*
have recently been opened" in Siberia. Tha-.
" Czar and his advisers are anxious to se
cure the: rapids development of 'Siberia.
• and so grerf? ' efforts are making to fill -
the new regions with an industrious popu
: lation. '-In the last three years about 600.
- 000 Russian peasants, - stimulated In • every T
way :by* their Government, have removed :
to Siberia;' and" to-day its population Is
'about 6,000,000. This growth in numbers
' and ; the ¦ Improving: condition of i transpor- -
tatlon are giving a great Impetus to the
agricultural, mining , and general Indus*
Jtrles of the country.— New .York Sua»
charms' and take her pick of titles. Per
haps at the close of the exposition there
will be a grand auction of noblemen. l\en
will be your chance, American girls, to
buy Counts and Princes at reduced t
rates. ' . • '
Cue of the- exposition sideshows that
h.is turned out', a 'real success is tho
•' Trai.s-Slbcrlan Railway. Entering a real
station :lhe visitor fin4s before him a lo
comotive smoking, and fuming and a Ion;r
. train .of cars waiting for passengers.-
These are furnished in a most luxurious-
In vain, I can essure you. After each of
the gratuitous exhibitions on the veranda
whole swarms of individuals are quite
ready to put up their franc pieces for
more. No doubt artificiality has its charm
to people who are surfeited .with nature.
For the peasant who sees at home only
the big- footed, sunburnt women,, of his
own class it is not hard to understand the
fascination th-u these tripping pink ! and
white creatures must have for him. An
excessive sensitiveness to the pathos of a
THE Russian Government is now pro
viding transportation to emigrants
from European Russia who are will-
Ing to make new homes in Siberia at
rates of fare, that have, probably never
been equaled for. cheapness. .The third
class' ¦ tickets sold on . the . Russian and
Trans-Siberian Railroad were believed to
•be about the cheapest in the world; but
the fourth-class, tickets which the Gov
ernment has recently caused to be offered
make the others a costly luxury by com
parison.
These tickets are sold to any one of 114
stations' In Siberia and they; are^good
from any /point in Russia. The fourth
class passenger, for example, from • Mos
cow to Tobolsk, pays for that long ' Jour-
rew wrinkles dees not rnar his Illusion.
He is used to premature det'ay, for at
home Ills own women became old and
wrinkled before their time from the grind
of hard work.* That these hav« lost the!r
freshness in the glitter of wine and the
glare of carousals, while the ethers have
atlalrrd the same result by digging the
poll and bearing the burdens that were
meant fcr the strrngth of oxen, does not
suggest to hl3 obtusenrrs any pitiable
contrast. One of the orators on the Rue
de Paris is a "yellow dwarf." who reports
to the most unexpected methods of re
taining the attention of his audience. In
deed, ambitious young orator* might well
take pointers on his system.
Should his crowd begin to diminish or
the interest in hi? address show signs of
waning, he will suddenly stand on his
head, walk a few paces on his hands or.
climb up enf of the pillars with the move
ment and the ability of a monkey, ills
r.ccomplishmenti-. howevtr. are not en
tirely athletic. He recite* poetry, sings
ton??, teils jokes and even quotes scrip
ture to suit the complexion of his ..audi
ence. I have noticed that his biblical
quotations are nhvay.s in English I doubt
that he knows them in French or that he
knows anythTfJrr-else in. Knglish. Scrip
tural texts weigh lightly un the French
temperament, whllej there * are always
sanctimonious English nieri and Scotchmen
ipvEUch cmv.ds -to whom a riiso of scrip
ture is invariably acceptable. The French
man is like the little girl r'ln the stnry
book: ."When he* is good. jie is very. wry
Rootl. .^nd when he is bad he is horrid."
With him it i« one thing or th«- other. -Ho
doesn't want fcugar en his pickles, nor salt
on his cake— mixtures that*" are' very
agreeable, however, to the less sensitive
KngUsh palate.' The Knglishman goes to
the sis me places and docs th^ satne!tii!ngs
as tho Frenchman, Lut he always tries to'
smear things over with .a goodly ccalins
of piety and respectability. He doesn't
know it. himself, but he is really a great
old hypocrite. The yellow dwarf, al
though very diminutive, has a head that
is grotesquely large. Undoubtedly his ex
perience in running gaiety girl shows has
taught him that more .than one kind of
molasses is necessary to catch all kind.}
of flics.
The house upside down J? one of the at
tractions of the. Rue de Paris. By an ar
rangement cf mirrors everything is in
verted. The visitor receives the impres
sion cf walking on his head, the chair?
and carpets art: on the ceiling and in thi
bathroom the watei runs up. in- thu
kitchen the cook walk^ oil the ceiling. Hko
a fly. At least such are the things that
are advertised, but the illusion is any
thing but complete. A should dub tha
whole thing a failure and a fake. It i3
true by the time you arc ready to leavtj
you dc> not know whether you are on your
head or your heels.t but it is not the ar
rangement of mirrors that produces the.
effect. In every room there is a different
guide and each one demands a tip. You
are forced to leave your umbrella and to
pay- for the keeping of the same. Then
there are "11 sorts of things to sell and
the .venders make life miserable for you.
It costs a franc to get InU> this upside
down affair, but several of them to get
out.
Lole F**Uer's theater on the Rue de Paris
Is not yet in running order, but will prob
ably be very gay when completed. Tha
theater is said to be very beautiful inside,
being done in various colors and effects
suggesting the serpentine dance. It is all
the design of Miss Fuller herself, whoso
fuhd of ideas seems to be .inexhaustible.
Besides 'her various dances «he will in
terpret with the aid of Albert Mayer a
drama without words, entitled "I^a Chin
olse." -There is no artist in Paris who
is more popular personally than Loie Full
er. Her popularity is unique In the ar
tistic world, being accompanied by the,
prVjfoundest respect. H*>r private charac
ter i«? not only Above reproach.' but a"bove
suspicion, yet there is nothing of the
, "pospuse" ncr of ,tho prude about her.
She leads her own life. -According to her
own ideas, but concedes to evcry..one else
the right to do the same. She does not i -
Cxpectk the whole world to think in- all
respects as she does. So solid and so sub
stantial is Loie Fuller, so intellectually
i reasonable in her points of . view that.
riey' only -two roubles, or a little over a
dollar. \On the other hand, if he wishes
to go clear to Vladivostok by the railroad
and ' Its --steamer*" connection, now j com
plete, a distance .' of about 5000 miles, . he
has to pay four and a half roubles, or'
- "-VV.*. •--,•• --.*' 'V;
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Around the paris Exposition
11In these war times- It -does not come
amiss to Inform ourselves upon past great
deeds and events In our own history. ."A
book of interest viewed in this light Is
that recently published on the storming
of Stony Point by General Anthony Wayne
at midnight -of July 15. 1779. The story Is
admirably told by Professor Henry P.
Johnston— an author well qualified. to pre
sent an excellent work, upon an episode
heretofore but meagerly given. While this
brilliant attack of the Americans so care
fully planned by Washington and daringly
executed by "Mad Anthony" is now little
more than a historical . memory in tho
minds of the people of the -present day
It was ot the time regarded as of the
most vital importance. It was. the de
cisive blow of the year, for It meant the
capturing of a generally considered im
pregnable position, with comparatively lit
tle bloodshed — a loss to' the English of
prestige, stores and an Important forti
fication. The Americans of that day went
wild. over the success. It meant as much
then: as some of our own surprisingly
brilliant episodes of the Spanish war mean
to-day and was the cause for the writing
of. many official letters of congratulation
and widespread" rejoicing. . .
The present. work contains, by way of
illustration and explanation, many rare
maps. Among the Jlf ty-slx .documents In
"Stony Point'* there are two new letters
from Washington ; four, from Sir Henry
Clinton, the British commander, in chief;
two from Lord Germain, Minister of .War
in London, one of which contains, the
King's regret and alarm at the defeat;
one from the British, Peace Commissioner,
Eden, . and over twenty-five I others -from
Generals Heath, McDougall, George 'Clin
ton, Colonels Feblger, Scammell, Putnam
and others, which are now published for
the first time, throwing much light on the
operations of 1778 and 1779 ' and Stony
Point In particular. .Few of the remaining
¦ . - • -
rupt Spain, but after a short time at
Manila I discovered that the Filipinos had
been grossly misrepresented."
The book adds little to what is already
well known to the average reader who has
followed the reports in the newspapers of
the events around Manila. Mr. Sheridan,
a civilian who had never seen war, was
naturally shocked by much of what went
on around the captured city, and his sym
pathies turned to the side of the weaker
as Is common. His book . will be of no
permanent value as it Is mainly, a record
of individual experience, Interspersed with
copies of official proclamations issued by
the American authorities or by the Fili
pinos, Btlll it contains a record of an Im
portant event in our. history from the
standpoint of an eyewitness who, while a
foreigner, -was not prejudiced against us.
and it is worth reading for the . oppor
tunity it affords us of seeing ourselves as
others see us. (Published by, John "Lane,
The Bodley Head, London and New York.
Price Jl 25.) > ¦' ' . ,_.;••;
"The Law of Animals."
- It Is seldom that a book wrltten-for. the
use of . the professional ( man j proves good
reading for other people; and especially
is this true of; works , designed for the
legal profession. John H. Ingham of the
Philadelphia bar Is the author of a work
which. u-huVit will' doubtless : Drove in-
dard's previous Revolutionary stories. He
now comes -with his Indian and negro
comrades of the earlier book to take his
place in the adventures of the former
whaler Noank. fitted out for a privateer
ing trip. Mr. Stoddard has confined him
self sufficiently to, historical facts to make
his book instructive as well as thrilling
and absorbing. The Noank is in many
tights, captures numerous prizes and even
sells Into English ports with the Ameri
can flag flying. Altogether the story is
just the kind to. delight the heart of
young America, who in these times Is apt
to be pretty well , filled with patriotism
and mentally fitted ; to ' appreciate most
thoroughly a glowing tale of the deeds of
his ancestors. ->.»*^ 1 *
The illustrations of the book are by
Crawford and are exceptionally well done.
Half-tone reproductions of them are
given on this page. ¦ (Published by the Lo
throp Publishing. Company, Boston- Price
U 25.) '¦___
"A Ballplayer's Career."
Some people might, think that a book
of 339 pages wasi rather long when taken
up entirely with ' baseball matter; but
then those . persons are. not lovers of the
great national game. For all the enthu
siasts Of that; game there is a treat in
store for them in a. book recently written
: by Adrian C. Anson, late : manager and
captain of the Chicago Baseball Club, en
titled* "A, Ball Player's Career." the same
and growth of the more Important build
ings—Notre Dame, the Louvre, the Tul
lerles, the Luxembourg, the Hotel de
Ville, etc. Kew illustrations add to the
attractiveness of the volum».
"The Dishonor of Frank Scott," by a
new English author. M. Hamilton, will be
published shortly by Harper & Brothers.
Those who have read the manuscript say
that a most unusual and startling plot Is
involved and that the tale is full of novel
and surprising situations. The publishers
believe that the book will be a great suc
cess among all classes of American novel
readers, and will excite a great deal of
comment.
The tales contained In L. Frank Baum's
latest children's book, "A New Wonder
land," are unlike any ever before written,
dealing with a series of adventures In a
country so absolutely unique that the
book will lead its readers into untrodden
fields of wonderment. Yet the stories are
as sweet and wholesome as they are won
derful, and the book is expected to be the
year's big hit In Juvenile literature, aa
"Father Goose" was last year. Frank
Ver Beck has illustrated it In hla most
humorous vein, and R. H. Russell Is pro
ducing the work In a way to make It a
veritable joy to the beholder. '
Frank Ver Beck's new book of burlesque
drawings. "A Hand-book of Golf for
Bears," Is postponed until fall.
J. A. Altsheler, whoso striking novel of
the Civil War, "In Circling Camps." Is
just published, was the cause of an amus
ing discussion when his earlier book, "A
Soldier of Manhattan," was published In
England. The English critics were en
thusiastic in their praise of the power
and Interest of the book as a novel, but
Mr. Altsheler's patriotism In writing of
the relations of English and Americans
just before the Revolution was taken up
In the English press and made much of an
an evidence of the persistence of anti
' English feeling In this country. As Mr.
Altsheler was Influenced simply by a de
slre to preserve the actual spirit of the
time' m literary form the seriousness of
the English press over this imaginary
evidence of hostility to England had Its
entertaining slde^
That "nothing succeeds like success"
the. constantly growing subscription
list of the magazine Success amply
proves. That very readable and
practical monthly record of achieve
ment Is edited by one who may well be
styled, the modern successor to Samuel
Smiles, the famous author of "Self-Help."
Besides hl3 magazine work, Dr. Orison
Swett Marden, the editor of Success, has
issued a number of books bearing on the
same general topic as to how success is
won. . He has, however.' a new book in
press with - the Lothrop Publishing Com
pany which is unique in this particular
that Is designed especially for young peo
ple—the boys and girls of America who
are always ¦ responsive to Inspiration and
incentive. These are precisely what Dr.
Marden will aim to give them in hla new
may mret in reading or consulting more
elaborate and professional books."
The conclusions of the author's study
so far as they affect the main monetary
question of this country are thus stated:
"The revolution Involved In the plans of
the silver men would be as fruitless of
good as It would be reactionary and re«
trogressive in the choice of money ma
terial. The solid backing If not the con
scious motive of the movement resides
In the interests of Bllver property which
would secure an opening to the mints
and so to a bigger market. But why
should the Interest of sliver outweigh all
other commercial Interests? In magni
tude It is among the least of them; no
great agricultural or manufacturing or
mining Interest but surpasses it In any
of the leading countries of the world.
• • • The value of the world's stock of
It is far from augmenting proportionally
with the bulk. Nor can a market be
given it that it will make it equally pre
cious with gold — not enough all the na
tions of the earth should build upon it
their currencies; a gold medal will always
overrank and outshine a silver medal, re
gardless of any positive convention. The
relations of the two values of substances
reside In the fixed natures of the sub
stances and of the man who estimates and
compares them. Any attempt to reverse
or alter the natural relation of any. two
things or entitles must end in dead fail
ure, preceded by more or less, disaster."
("Coin, Commerce and Currency.*.' The
Neale Company, 431 Eleventh street,
Northwest Washington; price postpaid,
S25.)
"Tbc Last of the Flatboats."
This is the story of the adventures of
five young "Hoosiers" who take about the
last of the Western river flatboats down
the Mississippi to New Orleans: They
start from the town of Vevay '¦ on 1 ,' the
Ohio, and have plenty of adventure. But
the book Is more than a story of adven
ture: It Is a perfect storehouse of facts,
not only about the Mississippi and "its
interesting family of rivers," but of the
possibilities, productions and Incentives
which America yields and of which ac
tive, earnest and ambitious American
boys may profitably avail themselves.
Mr. Eggleston evidently writes from
close and careful knowledge. He has not
only dealt picturesquely ifrlth our ¦wonder
ful Western' river system, but he has
covered a field, geographically, which no
boy's story has yet attempted." The five
boj-a take the "Last -of the Klatboa.ts," as
they call their craft, well laden with con
signments of farm produce, through the
. bends and rapids,-" the dangers and de
llgrbts of the erreat river, with "moving
accidents* by flood and field," and a vast
development In self-reliance, Intelligence
an<? self-helpfulness In the boyish owner*
•nho make the voyagre. The Interest In
the book lg, heightened when It is hinted
that the orlclnal of "Ed"— the most
y*C this the <2ar of tho historical novel
it is a relief to find a cleverly written
I" bit of fiction that does not depend
upon the glamor of old-time dress, an
cient diction or stirring incident founded
upon "well authenticated fact." It is a
pleasure to read a story that deals with
contemporary flctlon and is good simply
because ?t is well told and is a true pic
ture of modern life. There is a young
r.uthor— a Virsir.ian. by the way, as is
.Mary Johnston of "To Have and to Hold"
f-me— who has written several good
*"«cks. but the last is the best of all. And
this last Is really a remarkable work — its
i;ood In its line as Miss Johnston's work
of pcpular favor is in the way of a his
torical novel. It is unfair to both these
vounp authors To compare the work of
either with the other, for Mary
Johnston's last book deals with
Virginian history of long ago and
Ellen Olasgow is "Voice of the Peo
ple" finds for Us theme Virginia of
the present day. One is a book of dra
matic action and the other a study of ihe
development of character. It Is only fair
to cay. however, that Miss Glasgow has
veil accomplished a more difficult task,
tr.d though the book may not have a»
CT«at a popular lun as "To Have and to
Hold" it is safe to state that it well de
rcrves as much attention. "To Have and
to Hold" is filled with dramatic situa
tions uv.d ttirrins adventures— plenty of
blood. ai:d we might add just a little
thunder. -The Voice of the People" is
not a bock of act!<~n. but still it contains
soir.e pu'ai climaxes for all that, and the
author's pen picture* of her character*
are splendidly drawn.
The story :s of Virginia of the present
day— political Virginia and plantation
Virginia. It is the life story of the effort
of one of the people to rise above ilis sta
tion, to marry out of his class and to be
cume a loader among men. There is no
complication of ptot, no gentle deceptions
to keep ihe readers curiosity on the qui
vivo, no claptrap playing to the gallery—
ar.d yet :t is a book that once taken up
will not be put down until finished.
The hero is Nkk Uurr, who makes his
icltial api'farance in the s=tory as a little
red-headed urcivln, the son of a poor farm
er ol the low class, and yet at this early
age liiied with a desire to study law and
not follow in his father"? footstej.s &s a
tiller of the soil. He has uphill work of
It. and this is where Miss iJlasgov.' is
clever in her art: her stcry la so real and
entirely lacking in maudlin sentimentality
and exaggerated situations. Nick, the
lad. is oflVrt-d a chance to study with a
epeclal tutor of the children of the best
families of the village, and slowly ad
vances to the goal which his childish
fancy has set. The gradual development
and tiroadeninsr of this farmers boy is
exceptionally well done, and not a bit
overdone. He has everything to over
come; the class hatred against him; his
father's entire lack of sympathy in his
work; the < or.ftant drag of the farm work,
which he kef ps up in addition to his stud
ies. Nick wins his friends as he goes, but
bis main standby ar.d sympathizer is his
stepmother, a woman always linding fault
with him and his work and yet ready to
wear f.tr fingers to the bor.e in his cause.
A most pathetic character is this crea
ture, who knows naught else but poverty,
sickness and toil, and yet expects nothing
more from life; neither happy nor discon
tented, because she has no time to think
of her lot.
Alter Nick has educated himself suf
ficiently he receives an offer to enter a
lawyer's office and etudy haw. It seems
loo pood to be true, and he can hardly
contain himself now that his long-cher
ished dream is about to be realized. Then
comes the reverse— the skillful twist of the
author to strengthen her story— for he
f.ndi that in order to save his father's
larrn from mortgage he must take a more
lucrative position in the village store and
tell Hour and ribbons. To narrate all the
obstacles which are met with and over
coir.e by this eon of the people would be
Lut commonplace statements of reverses
and suceffs. It is Miss Glasgow's faculty
of making her characters teem living
person-j whom the reader feels he knows
as friends and enemies, that imparts the
great interest to all these trials and tri
umphs, and not the mere repetition of dra
matic cveiits.
Nick falls in love with a girl out of his
class and with him, but the match
comes to nothing, and she weds a man of
her own social position in life. Their love
affair is. really one of undying affection
end t-steem. and yet neither of their lives
is broken by this separation. Even the
reader cannot l;e!p feeling that it is all for
the hept. fo subtle is the author's pen In
picturing Southern feelings and life.
Nick Burr attains the goal that he has
to long struggled for— he Is elected tha
Governor of the State, defeating his
former sweetheart's husband in the race
for office. He dies true to his high princi
ples In endeavoring to rescue a criminal
negro from the hands of a lynching party.
In "The Voic? of the People" Ellen Glas
gow has given us a good, wholesome novel
with a healthy, normal, moral tone, and
yet fully as interesting as It Is meritorious.
(Published by Doubleday, Page & Co.,
New York. Price Jl 50.)
"Problems of Expansion."
As editor of one of the leading American
newspapers, cx-Slinieter to France, special
Exnbassador on the occasion of Queen Vic
toria's jubilee and a negotiator of the
treaty of peace between America and
Spain, it is natural that Whitelaw Reid
eho'jld take a keen and intelligent interest
In the prob!e-ms of expansion, and his book
bearing that title shows how broad a view
he takes of questions which the parties in
interest are apt to regard too narrowly.
The author has been well known as an ex
pansionist ever since the appearance of
"The Territory With Which We Are
Threatened," In the Century for Septem
ber. 1S9S — almost simultaneously with his
appointment to the Paris conference, and
his views were plainly expressed at the
White House before the delegates received
the'r Instructions from the President.
Some of the aspects under which he con
siders the. general subject are indicated
by the titles of the several essays and ad
«5r^?=!?e^: "The Duties of Peace." "The
Open Door," "Our New Interests," "A
Continental Union." etc. To Mr. Reid's
Ion? -Tcj??rienee as an editorial writer and
political speaker are largely due the clear
ness and cogency of his utterances, and
writers and speakers in the_ coming Presi
dential campaign are likely to turn these
rages often for facto and arguments on
the most urgent of current political ls
mii'S. '(Published by The Century-. Com
pany, New York. Price Jl 50.) ~-v
Ciassic Dictionaries.
Messrs. Hinds & Xoble have published
a series of classic dictionaries of the
greatest value to language students und
to teachers. Sir volumes, uniform in
Ftyle, are now ready. They comprise:
German-English and English-German Dic
tionary, French-English and English-
French Dictionary. Italian-English and
Kng-lish-Itall&n IMctionary. Latin-English
end English-Latin Dictionary, Greek-
English and English-Greek Dictionary.
v.ork has been csneciilly planned and
The English-Greek Dictionary 1* the sec
ond part of the Greek-£n?ilsh — Engrllsh-
Greek, bound separately, and Is published
at or.e-half the price of the latter. The
etries Is bound In half morocco In. the
convenient size of fcxSVi Inches, price 12
each. The books are of a eizo and ar
rangement most handy for quick consulta
tion—a very Important feature In their
utility 'to a busy worker — and the typog
raphy and paper are of the best This
carefully produced to meet tb« require
ments of students and teachers in colleges
and hlsh schools. The books have been
carefully edited by the most competent
linguists and every helpful addition of im
portance to the student of languages has
been made. For example in the French
L-'Ictionary a complete list of all the
nouns of double gender, with their mean
ings, has been introduced; and also signs
to indicate the plural of the forelRn and
compound nouns. The corrected spelling.
accents and hyphens have been used of
all French words according to the recent
academy alterations. In the German Dic
tionary a collection of idioms, proverbs
knri quotations has been given, which is
Iargrer and more varied than that to be
found In perhaps any other German-Eng
lish dictionary; and an arransoment has
I «*n adopted which will enable the stu
dent to make the proper selection o^ the
German word which answers most closely
la the sense conveyed by the English
word. (Published by Hinds & Noble,
4-5-13-14 Cooper Institute, New York
City.)
"Coin. Currzncy and Cn)n)irc2.'
A volume which in 1S35 would have at
tracted much attention and been widely
read has just been issued under the title
"Coin. Currency and Commerce." It is a
comprehensive study of finance «nd of
the relation of money to business. In the
year when those questions were the chief
Issues before the people in a Presidential
t lection, the work would have been ac
counted a valuable contribution to the
campaign of education. It will not have
Fuch wide reading this year, and yet it
fully deserves the study of all who are In
terested in the important problems with
which it deals.
The treatise while based upon scientific
principles Is written in a popular style,
:>nd is designed to appeal to the intelli
gence of the average citizen. The object
of the work, as stated by the author in
his preface, "is to make a suggestive out
line- study, stimulating to genuine thought
and presenting in a helpful order the top
ics embraced In the general subject of
money. It is hoped the book may serve
in some degree as a primer for a con
siderable class of Inquiring minds, and
enable them to test the validity of par
ticular theories and opinions, and to an
twsr the most essenttai questions they
"Arden Massiter."
"Arden Massiter." by Dr. William
Barry, is an attempt to record in fiction
the story of a great Italian house, in its
last days, as affected by the contrasting
influences of a changeable time. It may
be 11 described as a romance of. real life,
with an historic and religious background.
It abounds In dramatic situations, and is
briefer and more simple and direct' than
"The Two Standards?," which attracted
general attention a year ago. The name
is that o£ a j-ouns JiCfiUfilunaa o£ soclai-
documents have been utilized heretofore
by historians, so that the present work
may be said to be a rich contribution to
the period and ev^ent. (Published by.
James T. White & Co., New York.)
"The pilipino Martyrs."
Under the title, ."The Filipino Martyrs:
a story of the crime of February 4, 1S99,"
Richard Brlnslcy Sheridan, a London bar
rister, gives a narrative of what he saw
in the Philippines at the time of the out
break cf hostilities between the natives
and the American troops. The title of
the book reveals what the author thinks
oi" the situation, and shows on which side
his sympathies are ranged. It is only fnir
to state that in his- preface he says:
"When the American-Spanish war was de
clared In the c«.i;se of humanity and for
the protection of a weak people from the
cruelties of a merciless oppressor. I was
an enthusiastic advocate of America's hu
mane policy. I regarded Americans then
as I do ! now, as- the champions of the
suffering, and believed that they ware
prepared to sacrifice the blood and lives
of their citizens at any cost in order that
justice should be done, and the weak
emancipated from tyranny and deception.
. . . I believed the United States had
acquired the Philippine Islands, not only,
by right of conquest, but by right of pur
chase, and 1 admired the generods gift of
«£0,0O0,CO9 made to ccr.nuared'and bank-
being the personal experiences and remin
iscences of Mr. Anson himself. Mr. An
son begins right at the beginning in this
account of his career, giving a full state
ment of his birthplace and ancestry. The
main interest in the book is in that part,
and the greater part, by the way; which
Is taken up with an account of the tour
of the club in the United States and then
abroad. They play ball and see sights alt
around the world. The book Is well illus
trated with half-tone pictures of peoples
and places. One of the most striking of
the photographs is that one which shows
the baseball team scattered all over the
Sphinx, and yet another of a ball game in
the shadow of the Pyramids. (Published
by- the Era Publishing Company, Chi
cago.)
Literary Notes.
It Is interesting to learn that portions of
Miss Cholmondeley's work in "The Dan
vers Jewels" are almost autobiographical.
"Stoke Moreton." the country house of
the Danvers family, is In reality Con
dover Hall, Shropshire, where the author
spent many of her happiest years, and the
theatricals which play so prominent a
part in the story actually took place there
snortly before the story was written.
Certain characters in "Red Pottage" are
also taken from life, the original of Dick
Vcrnon being no other than the novelist's
younger brother.
An important book will be shortly is
sued by the Abbey Press, 114 Fifth ave
nue. New York. It Is entitled "What Is
the Matted With the Church?" and is by
the Rev. Frederick Stanley Root. Dr.
Root deals with pessimistic facts in an
optimistic spirit and while strongly Indict
ing the traditional church, he shows that
faithful are the wound3 of a friend.
There is promise of very considerable dis
cussion arising from the contents of this
book, the facts of which have been mar
shaled together with considerable skill
and cleverness.
"The Life and Letters of Thomas H.
Huxley," edited by his son, Leonard Hux
ley, which promises to be as important a.
contribution to biographical literature in
its field as the life of Tennyson. Is to be
published in the autumn by D. Ap;>!eton
& Co., who first Introduced the worKs of
Darwin, Huxley and their (jsawJatea to
American readers some forty years ago.
A timely new edition of Philfp Gilbert
Hamerton's "Paris in Oid and Recent
Times" Is published by Little. Brown &
Co. It traces the early history of Paris
and gives, in Mr. Hamerton's usual de
lightful manner, an account of the origin
"The NoanK's Log."
valuable to the lawyer, is nevertheless of
Interest to the reading public — especially
to lovers of animals and the farming fra
ternity. >It is a work on "The Law of
Animals" — a treatise on property in ani
mals wild *and domestic and the rights
and responsibilities arising therefrom.
The book numbers 800 pages of excellently
compiled matter and covers the legal as
pect of the animal kingdom from the
humble oyster to the elephant. No simi
lar work has eve,r been published, and
this book, covering as It does all the stat
utes, reports, digests and textbooks on
the subject, should prove most satisfac
tory to any practicing attorney. It is
certainly the quickest way that he can
find authority on any troublesome ques
tion connected with the rights of the ani
mal kingdom as recognized by the laws
of the United States. The author first
considers wild animals, including the
birds of the air, the beasts of the forests
and the tlsh of the sea: then he gives a
chapter on "domestic animals, with some
interesting paragraphs on the legal status
of the dog and the evident advancement
this trustworthy brute has made in the
esteem of man. Other chapters are
taken up with the following heads:
"Sale and Mortgage," "Estrays," "Injur
ing and Killing Animals," "Theft and
Removal of Animals," "injuries to Ani
mals on Highways," "Liabilities of Own
ers of Animals," "Bailment and Car
rtage," "Cruelty and Game Laws," "In
juries to Animals by Railways." The
perusal of such a book as this affords
profit of more kinds than one.-The author
concludes his preface in these words; "If
the technical textbook writer might hope
to encroach somewhat on 'the province ot
the poet and the naturaJist and awake in
his readers a deeper interest in our rights
and responsibilities with regard to th©
groat world of our dumb though* not si
lent fellow beings and their correlative
right to proper protection and kindness
nt our hands, such an outcome of the
time and labor spent on the present work
would be In Itself no. mean reward."
(Published by T. & J. W. Johnson & Co..
Philadelphia. One volume In sheep $5.)
William O. Stoddard's numerous young
r'riends and readers will welcome his lat
est book, "The N'oank'a Leg," a dashing
tale of the sea In those exciting days of
the American Revolution of 1776. It is th«
story of a privateer of the Revolution and
told In Mr. Stoddard's usual, strong style
so acceptable to hla young American read
ers. ! The hero of this tale. Guert Ten
Eyck, a New York boy, the friend of Na
than Hale, figured in one of Mr. Stod*
book, the very title of which. " w » n " ln^
Out." is as suggestive of success aa it w
the coinage of "American grit.
Nearly two years ago Dr. Carlos Mar
tyn and Charles F. Rideal. both men or
Ideas and enterprise *id both voluminous
writers, established a business for ine
publication of their own works. Succe f*
Is said to have attended their efforts in
a most marked degree, and now Mr. i**
deal and his colleague propose to present
books other than the effort of their ow.i
pens in the same artistic letterpress ana
binding that have contributed to the suc
cess of their original undertaking. Henc *
the house known as the Abbey Press has
been established, with agencies in Lon
don. Paris and Melbourne. The catalogue
of this press containing the list of booKS
now in preparation shows the fine ana
high-class works which will characterize
the publications of this house. This cata
logue, printed on rubricated pages, is In
closed in wrappers of hand-made paper
with deckle edges. The house haa ju?c
Issued a volume of essays by Edward A.
Tabor, entitled "Danger Signals." being a.
free discussion of the dangers which con
front the individual, aa well as society, to
day in the United States.
Robert Grant's new novel. "Unleavened
Rread." has given rise to a great deal of
discussion, one n?pect of which deals In
cidentally with the origin and significance
of the title. Henry A. Clapp. well known
for nearly a generation as the dramatic
critic of the Boston Dally Advertiser and
recognized as one of the foremost Shake
spearean scholars of the United States,
advances a most interesting conjecture on
this point a3 a preface to a long review
of Mr. Grant's novel in the Daily Adver
tiser.
"There is not In the book." says Mr.
Clapp, "a phiaso or a word which directly
conveys the author's idea In choosing
this name. It is possible that he means
only to indicate a kind of bread— an J. In
a figure, a type of character — ¦which 13
hard, dry and" unpalatable. But a
shrewder guess may be mafe at his inner
thought. He'mfty have in mind a great
passage from one of St. Paul's most fa
mous letters, wherein the apostle bids his
correspondents to keep a certain great
feast 'not with the oUl leaven, neither
wiih the leaven of malice and wicked
ness, but with the unleavened bread of
sincerity ami truth.' Translated out of
the Hebrew metaphor, then, the title of
the novel \voul<? be 'Sincerity and Truth."
The reader will scon discover that the*
name is ironical."
Mr. Clapp. in conclusion, pronounces
"Unleavened BreaJ" "a very remarkable
novel, rich in ileas. strong in high appeal,
of great interest to all students of life
and character, and especially to every
American who loves his country and de
sires the best of things for her."
Jack London, the author of "The Son ot
the Wolf." published by Messrs. Hough
ton, Mifflin & Co.. is a .young man. not
yet twenty-fcur years old. His father
¦was Pennsylvania-born, a soldier, scout.
barkwoodpnan. trapper and wanderer.
His mother was horn in Ohio. ,I5oth went
West independently, meeting and marry
ing in San Francisco., where Mr. London
was born. The pioneer spirit was strong
In his ancestors, and the unrest of it
seems to have descended to him.
His early life was spent en California
ranches, but when he was nine years o!<i
the family removed to Oakland. Cal.
Since his ninth year, with the exception
of the hours spent at school, his life has
been one of toil. It Is unnecessary to giva
the long list of occupations; none ni them
trades, all heavy manual labor. We may
merely allude tr» hl3 expertencw in fol
lowing: a bay life, his long voyage on a
sealing schooner along the coast north to
the Russian side of Boring Sea. and his
numerous short voyages since.
There was an underworld in the United
States which Mr. London longed to ex
plore, and by the time he was IS he had
become possessed of an interest in sociol
ogy and economics. Swayed partly by this
and partly by the fascination of the en
terprise, he stepped down and out of the
world, and was swallowed up in that
strange region known as "the road." He
took this step thoroughly, living exactly
aa other tramps lived, and the long_
months he spent on the road bred In him
a lifelong interest In the institutions of
men from both an economic and an ethical
standpoint. ,
After this tramping expedition Mr. Lon
don returned to Oakland and applied
himself to study. He had previously
graduated from the grammar school and
had read omnlvorously. He now attended
the High School for a year, stayed at
home. and. without coaching, crammed
the next two years into three months,
took the entrance examinations and en
tered the • University of California at
Berkeley. He was forced, much against
his will, to give this up just prior to the
completion of his freshman year.
More work followed and then Mr. Lon
don went to the Klondike in the fall rush
of 1807. He had a great variety of ex
periences there, but upon the death of hl3
father he returned home. He married,
recently, a Miss Maddern, who lived on
the Pacific Coast, and he and his wlfa
now make their home in Oakland. Cal.
As to Air. London's literary work, his
first magazine article was published In
January. 1899. In the Overland Monthly,
and is now the sixth story in the "Son of
the Wolf." Since then he has done work,
for a large number of the best magazines
and papers, besides a host of lesser publi
cations, newspapers and syndicates.
His early reading bred in him the deslr*
to write, his varied experiences have
given him the material and he Is still
studying, so that many critics regard him
as sure to make a prominent name for
himself in the world of literature.
Books Received.
UNTO THE HEIGHTS OF SIMPLIC
ITY—By Johannes Relmers. L. C. Pago
& Co.; Boston. >
AT THE COURT OF THE KINO — By
G. Hembert Westley. L. C. Pag© & Co.,
Boston.
HELENA'S WONDERLAND- By Fran
ces H. White. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
CAP AND GOWN IN PROSE— Edited
by R. L. Paget. L. C. Page & Co..
Boston.
THE BARON'S SONS— By Maurtis Jo
kal L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
THE BLACK TERROR-By John K.
Leys. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
THE HEART OF HETTA— By Efflo
Adelaide Rowlands. Laird & Lee, Chi
cago. Price. $1 25.
- TOIL— By Daniel Florence Leary. The
Whitaker & Ray Co., San Francisco.
Price, in paper. 25 cents.
LESSONS IN LANGUAGE WORK— By
Isatel Frazee. The Whltaker & Ray Co.,
San Francisco. Price. 50 cents.
THOUGHTS ON THE PRESENT DIS
CONTENTS— By Edmund Burke. Cassell
& Co.. New Tork. Price. In paper. 10 cents.
THE LAW OF ANIMALS-By John H.
Ingham of the Philadelphia Bar. T. and
j. W. Johnson & Co., Philadelphia, One
volume, .<=neep. $6 CO.
THE NOANK'S LOG— By TV". O. Stod
dard. Lothrop Publishing: Co.. Boston-
Price. *l 25.
WITH LATVTON A^TD ROBKRTS-TSy
Elfcridge S. Brooks. Lothrop Publishing
Co., Boston." Price. $1 K.
A CONTINENTAL CAVALIER — By
Kimball Scribner, The Abbey Press,
New York.
-UNCLE SAM ABROAD — By J. E.
Conner. Rand, ¦ McXally &Co., Chicago
and New York. Price. $1 23.
CONCERNING CATS-By . Helen M.
Wins-low. Lothrop Publishing Co., Boston.
Price, n 50. -„•
NATURE'S MIRACLES -By Ellsha
Gray. Ph.D., LL.D. - Fords. Howard &
Hulbert. New-York. Price. 60 cents.
THE "WOMAN THAT'S GOOI>— By Har
old Richard Vynne. Rand, McNally &
Co.', Chicago and New York. Price. Jl 3<).
A FRIENDOP CAESAR— By William
Stearns Davis. The McMillan Co., jf-kt
York. Price, $1 50. k
A MANUAL OP PERSONAL tfV
GIE>TE—Kdlted by Walter L. Pyle, A.M..
M.D., W. B. Saunders & Co., Phila
delphia. Price, $1 50.
THE SUNDAY v CALL.
7
Istic tendencies, who 'quarrels with his
aristocratic father and goes to Italy as
special correspondent of the London or
gan of socialism. The story practically
begins with what may be called his ac
cidental murder of a member of the pow
erful secret society, the Camorra, with
whose chief Masslter comes into, close
personal relations. There is a distinct
love story running through the plot, and
one romantic event follows another with
little intermission, the action being
wrought out by forces characteristic of
the closing nineteenth century. The
mise en scene Is alrrost wholly Italian
landscapes or places with, which the au
thor, who has lived long in Rome, Is well
acquainted. One of the most elTectiva
scenes Is a political uprising in the. Roman
capital, based, no doubt, upon the author's
observations at the time of the entry Into
the city of the Italian troops \ in 1870.
(Published by the Century Company,
New York. Price $1 50.
"Trje Storming of Stony Point."
12
BOOK REVIEWS
brainy boy of the party— was the author's
elder brother. Dr. Edward Egglestonof
"Hoosler Schoolmaster" fame. The illus
trations are by Charlotte Harding, and
have faithfully caught t/ie sentiment, ad
venture and local color of the story. (By
George Cary Eggleston. Lothrop Pub-
HcVifnir Cnrrmnnv. Boston. Price $150.)no_text_____ " '
THE SUNDAY CA__.
14
*=tj=5HESE are the Emperors of China.
I Not aM of them, but as far back
ii as there is any pictured representa
tion et their faces.
The original of this picture cost for
tunes to compile.
Tbe- Chinese preserve the memory of
their ancestors with a persistency that is
unique, end it was possible by searching
back among the musty records of the
tombs and the sculptures and scrolls of
the temples to find the portraits of the
rulers for thirty-three generation* beyond
the time of Moses.
The ferocious looking pirate at the cen
t« of th» top was the man who put an
e&fl to Chineee rule and conquered it for
the Tartars.
He WAS a Tartar.
Below him Is Kwang 8u, the unfortu
nate young man whosa fate seems in
doubt.
Just below him again, the fat. little,
chubby, tubby face is the D-year-old boy
who was just put on the throne a few
week* ago in the place of Kwang Su. He
is the last of all, and they do say in
"China cross the bay" that he Is the last
Tartar that will ever attach himself to the
tKone.
The Btjies of bonnets which the'Chi
nese Emperors wore must have cost them
much thought- There are no two alike,
and with the exception that quite a num-
EMPERORS
OF CHINA
FROM
EARLIEST
DAYS TO
DATE
Pictures Jhat Cost Fortunes to Compile If ow Published for the First Jime in *finu Newspaper
Emperors, and by showing how long the
past had existed, to give them faith in
the continuance of the dynasty for tho
future. To show them that the Chinese
empire was the eternal kingdom and that
what had been since time when the mem
ory of man runneth not to the contrary
should endure to time when the prophecy
of man should fall to foretell. ,
A history of or even a short story of
each of them would be almost a history
Df the world. The last six or seven are of
the Tartar or Manchu dynasty. The ten
or fifteen back of them were the Mings,
wrhose tombs with their colossal mono
lithic statuary are among the wonders of
the world.
ber of " them tied ' shingles on their hats
bo that they would not have to come In
when it rained, there seems to be no uni
formity among: them.
The faces are a study. lAke the hats,
there are no two alike, and they include
every known type the world over. There
has been scarcely a note In the range of
human passions that has not found its
echo among them. Each perhaps reflects
the spirit of his time. Like master like
man.
The original of this picture was pre
pared at great expense by the present
ruler of China, the Empress, for the pur
pose of impressing on her subjects what
an ancient and honorable line were theirTHE SUm> AT C AL.Ii.
15¦o that patients are able to be out in the
open air. The essential part of the treat
ment Is In keeping them out of doors as
much ' as possible and giving them an
abundance of nutritious and easily digest-
That America . derives Its name rrom
Amerigo Vespucci has long been regard
ed as a certainty. Now, however, a his
torian comes forward and assures us that
this is not the case. This historian is Rl
cardo Falma, director of the National Li
brary cf Lima. Peru. In a book which
has just been published he Insists that
America was not named after Amcriso
Vespucci, but that, on the contrary,
Amerigo Vespucci was named after
Senor Palma, who has studied the sub
ijp^X for years, maintains that Vespucci's
first name was Alberico. "The name
'America,' he says, "is derived from a
place In Nicaragua, being the name of a
hill in the province of Chanvoles. Fur
thermore, the penultimate syllable "ic* Is
very often found in the words used by
the Indians of South America and by the
natives of the Antilles.. The syllable It
self signifies something largo and lofty,
and is found In the names of non-volcanic
mountains."
; He further points out that Columbus
did not use the word "America" in his let
ters when he referred to the events of bte
first voyage. "It is more than probable,"
he continues.* "that he learned through
one of his attendants of the discovery of
gold by some -natives in a place called
/ ¦ ¦ ¦
America. In this way it Is likely that tho
name gradually became known through
out Europe. At that time the only sreo-v
graphical account of the "Western Hem!.'
sphere was the one by Alberico Vespucci,
which was published in Latin In 1305. and
in German In IMS. Geographers presum
ably came to the conclusion that Albe
rico had siren the name America not
merely to a single hill or mountain, but
to the entire country
"When the first map of, the continent
bearing the title 'Province of America*
was published In Barcelona In 1322 Colum
bus and his companions were long dead,
and there was no one to protest asalnst
the misuse of the name. Furthermore.
there was no one in all Europe who boro
the name Amerigo and. as Vespucci's
name Was Alberico. geographers and his
torians would surely have given the new
continent this name If they had desired
to honor him in this fashion.
"-Cewly discovered countries were only
named after sovereigns, as we see In the
case of Georgia, Louisiana. Maryland and
the Philippines, and when explorers fclitl
give names to countries they selected
those of their own families, as we see in
the case of Vancouver and Magellan. The
origin of such places as Columbia and
Colon caA also be clearly traced."
/America ifot /famed After Vespucci.
the mountains In the west condense th»
clouds and cause heavy rains. So It hap
pens that tho grass lands of the country,
which require a great deal of raia. are
found chiefly In the west.
capitol had its provision of liquors pur
chased by the chairman *or by a member
with a reputation as a connoisseur.
The Senator's salary. of $5000 a year is
perhaps nothing to brag of. Yet it is just
$5000 a year more than given to members
of the British House of Lords for their
parliamentary duties. To this add $125
allowed each year for newspapers arid
stationery, only about $50 of , which need
be spent. Further add an allowance for
railroad mileage given at the beginning
and endTDf.each session, and which need
not be expended by . thBse who hold
While seated at his desk a Senator need
only to clap his hands to summon 83
many pages as necessary to order his
lunch, deliver his notes or fetch him
books, stationery or a glass of water. If
a chairman' of a committee he has at his
personal disposal the clerkship : of ¦ that
committee, including a handsome salary '..of
$2000 or $3000, not to mention, an assistant
clerkship or messengcrshlp at from $1440
up. If. without a chairmanship he Is in
sured the. personal appointment of a clerk
at J15C0 a year. .. .. >
Experiments by -Professor Mosso in the
University of Genoa have shown that
sugar administered after a period of star-,
vation, or a Ions fast, restores vitality
much more rapidly than bread does. The
temperature of the body quickly increases
with the administration of sugar.
. ¦"?* '¦¦' ' t
Tihe Sam
Depot
Wffl Be
t!he
Station
and
IT '
us ¦¦•
Amply
Provided
Deiffiands
May Be
Made
Upoau It.
To each member there are four em-
ployes. In various capacities. The smaller
body of Congress has come to cost Uncle
Sam twice as much per member per a.n-
cum as* the House. Almost all of the
sixty messengers receive $1440 a year
3700 empty bottles which had contained
lithia water. But the taxpayer; should
not grow long-faced at such a!modest
rale of revelry as this, considering the
fact thst fifteen years ago nearly every
committee room at the Senate end of the
It is the cheapest club in the world for
the poor man to join. Its perquisite?,
dally increasing, are too chTmous for
reckoning. The newly prepared report of
this dignified body reveals some amuFin.s:
facts, which are related by the Chicago
Tlmes-Herald. It shows, for instance,
that a local drug firm received in
the last fis.-a! year more than
J1V00 for medicines and 'ollet articles,
These were supplied to tho Senators for
their individual use and paid for out of
the generous pocket of UiScle Sam. ?Co
Email item cf this expenditure was 1000
dofes of- bromo seltzer, and bromo
caffeine. Three dozens of caffeine pow-
dcrs, four cases of lithia vjater, two bot-
ties of bromo iithla and S3 70 worth of
llthia tablets further contributed to keep
the Senatorial system in j good repair
Twelve pounds of soda mint tablets were
purchased for the alleviation of "that dark
brown taste." and the extravagant sum
of FO cents was exchanged for tabules for
indigestion. "
is depenSc^1 u P°n some one to lead him
daily to and from the capitol. Laborers
In the folding rcom get $1000 and those
who run the elevators enjoy still more,
$1200. The man In-charge of the station
ery room draws $2102 40 annually; hi3 Jis
rlstants. S1S0O and }!200 respectively. The
little pages who wait upon Senators get
$75 per month, thc postmaster of the Sen
ate $2250 annually, firemen $1005 and the
upholsterer and locksmith 51440.
By far-the greatest proportion of ex
pense incurred each year for toilet
articles is demanded by the Senate barber
shops and bathrooms. It is not generally
known that each member of this distln
guished body is barberized gratis as
many times a day as he wishes. In con
junction are all the appurtenances to
Turkish and Russian baths. Skilled mas
seurs are always in readiness to hasten
the course of slothful blood,
During one hot week in June the Sen
ate paid 5136 for lemons for lemonade," and
shortly afterward returned not Ic^s than
The United Statei Senate has been
popularly dubbed "the millionaires' club."
each, whereas the old blind chaplain Is
considered to be worth only 7000. Yet he
&)hat Jit Costs to Run iha Senate.
when such things can be procured In the
vicinity. When they cannot, we use E'-ch
earned preparations as can b<; sent out.
We have used large quantities of canned
eoups. na£e by the Franco-American
"One antiseptic bandage o£ sublimated
cambric, with safety pin.
"One triangular bandage, with safety
pin."
The sublimated gauze bandages have
Sfcj-Seon
Gaor-ge M.
eF the
Uifte*
States
Writes ar|
Ai-tTcTe
Sunday
Can .
en the
pr^par-a
tions
cf the
r^cspTtaT-
Corps
rOJ- the
Way
in eh^a.
Who WtTT
Soorj V
. SarT
Across
*hs Seas
fp
togg
With
th$ v$i-y
Tf^atrpen*
that
Any $i*m$>
Ancient
Mod^n
¦Hmes
Has gvej*
Received.
ible food of the be*t Quality. "We have
now ninety patients In this hospital and
the majority of them are doins very well.
Quite a number are reported as etired and
many others have gained considerably In
weight and strength and are on a fair
road to recovery. The results ara ex
tremely satisfactory.
We have another special hospital at Hot
Springs. Ark., the Army and Navy gen
eral Hospital. It has been enlarged durins
the past year and Congress has appro
priated $35,000 for extensive Improvements
that are to be made at once. "We send our
cases of rheumatism there: also paraly
sis and varlousi nervous ailments that are
benefited by hydropathic treatment.
The regular soldiers who are discharged
at Fort Bayard remain at that place a3
beneficiaries for the Soldiers" Home and
all cases of consumption that have ap
peared at the Soldiers* Home have been
sent to Fort Bayard.
Twenty years' service entitles a man to
admission to the Soldiers* Home and all
regular soldiers who are discharged for
disability contracted in the service or©
also entitled to admission to the Soldiers'
Home at Washington, where they raay /
spend the balance of their days. Ther-»
are beautiful grounds, splendid, bulldlnga,
a chapel, an excellent band, etc. There
Is also an amusement building, -which cost
$60,000. Numerous entertainments ar»
given in this building for the old aofdlers.
There are now some 900 Inmates.
The United States Government certainly
endeavors to take good care of its sol
diers.
GEORGE M. STERNBERG. U. 3. A.
In Europe there la a great deal mor«
cloudy weather in the north than In tha
south, and so the duration of sunshine- in
creases rapidly from north to south. It Is
smallest in Northwest Europe, and great
est In Spain. Scotland has, on an average,
only 3.3 hours of sunshine daily th» year
round, Ireland has about 3.7 hours, Eng
land nearly 4. Germany 4.5 to 5, France 5
to 6, Austria 5 to 7, and Spain 7 to 8 hours
daily. Thus Madrid has 2030 hours of sun
shine every year, Vienna 1S10 hours. Ham
burg 12J0 hours, and London 1030 hours.
There is a good deal more cloud and rain
in West thaji in, East England, because
Among the lelicacles recently a-ided to
the list Is malted milk. We use It ex
tensively for low levers, etc. Every effort
I? made to supply s'.ck soldiers with ap
petizing food when they require a Fpeeia!
diet. We provide funds for purchasing
chickens, eggs Er.d fresh milk for the sick
The x-ray apparatus Is one of our new
est acquisitions in hospital equipment for
war. It is of wonderful assistance in lo
cating bullets. I believe the American
Government was the first to adopt the
X-ra\ apparatus for use In military hos
pitals. It now efcns indispensable.
The medical department is doing every
thing necessary for the care of the s'.ck
Er.d wounded. The Government spares no
expense. Plenty of money is appropriated
for FurP'ies. and we g^* them and send
them wherever they are wanted.
espaHERE can be no war without casu
ll alties; that is to be expected, of
course, and the most careful prepa
/ rations are being made to relieve the
sufferings of the American soldiers in the
war with China.. The first hospital ship
that has been ordered there probably ar
rived about Ju'.y ». It Is the Relief, the
best hospital ship afloat, in command of
Surgeon Major Perley. with a full corps
cf doctors and nurses and well equipped
with .every facility for taking care of the
sick and wounded. She started from
Manila and had accommodations for 250
flck ar.d wounded. The chief surgeon at
Manila has a!sa sent medical supplies for
5000 men for three months. In addition to
this each command that goes through San
Francisco will take its field supplies with
It.
In fitting a regiment out with supplies
the climatic conditions of the country to
which it if going are always carefully
considered. The men who go to fight in
China will be provided with blankets of a
heavier weight than those usually fur
nished, because of the severe winters In
Northern China. Fourteen hundred Sib
ley stoves have been provided for the sol
<?5ers by the quartermaster's department,
also F500 overcoats, 6000 pairs of Arctic
svershees. £000 blanket-lined canvas
hoods, a? well as other heavy winter
rlothlr.g in liberal quantity for 5XK) men.
We have a special hospital, which has
only been In operation a short time, at
Fort Bayard, N. M. It is a hospital for
consumptives. I made a trip a year ago
to find a proper location for such a hos
pital and selected Fort Bayard, where we
have had a military post for many years,
but which was no longer required as a
military station. The post was turned
over to me as a general hospital for cases
of tuberculosis. All of our soldiers brought
back with Incipient consumption are sent
to this hospital, where the climatic con
ditions are extremely favorable. It Is 5000
feet above the sea level, has a very dry
climate and sunshine nearlv every day.
The hospital at the Presidio is the on©
I have come out here to Inspect and the
West may well be proud of It.
Food Company, such as consomme, chick
en soup afid clam broth. We also get sim
ilar preparations from other companies.
Farina, tapioca and sugar are also sup
plied.
Soldiers are learning the necessity of
sterilizing the water . that they drink.
Much sickness In the Spanish war of 1S9S
was due to the carelessness of soldiers In
drinklnr? Impure water because they
would not take the trouble to sterilize it.
We have sent to China a lot of appliances
for Eternizing the water by boiling or fil
tering It. The department has ordered 103
sterilizers, having a capacity of twenty
five gallons per hour. The Meade. now be
ing equipped for China, will carry two
distilling: plants, with a capacity of CCO
gallons per day each. ¦" Arrangements are
being made-to supply pure water for at
least CPOO men.
The Meade wi!! also carry nearly a
dozen medical officers and a Held hospital
of eome fifty beds. The Ninth Infantry
hsd a similar equipment and twenty mem
bers of the hospital corps in addition. The
Fourteenth Infantry and the light battery
have been equipped with a field hospital
of twenty-f.ve beds.
The Grant, which sailed on July 3 with
the Sixth Cavalry, and the Sumncr, on
July 16. had with them eighteen medical
officers and seventy-eight hospital corps
men. yMajcr Stevenson, cne of the medi
cal officers, was provided with $50,0)0 med-
t TiV his^position of head of the
)jf entire United States army
[corps of physicians no one could
[possiblv be better ''¦fitted to dis-
/ : . , .,-. -
>cuss the preparations of this im-
t , , r t ¦ r
Iperfant brand, of the service for
-.the war with China than Surgeon
] General George M. Stcrnbcrg.
)Saji Francisco zvill undoubtedly be
lthc center of these preparations,
t a7id consequently to the residents of
)this city and to thc of this
arm of the United States army can
State General Steinberg's zvords
cannot fail to be of interest and im-
portaiice; in fact, in such a crisis
•¦¦.,. ¦¦••.! n • •/•"
as this zvar zvith China everv citi-
t n , i tt ¦¦* j- cm i
an, of the whole United States
rightly feels that he should be in- ¦
formed of thc Government's fitness
to cope zvith such an enemy, and
zvho should knozv better of this tit-
ness than the acting heads of the
different branches of service? No
be, in time of need, of more imp or:
tancc than the hospital service,
General Stcrhbcrg has written cx
lively for The Sunday Call an
article devoted especially to this
... r /
subject. He knozvs zvhereof he
'
thc pcn of a man in the.high posi
tion held by General Stcrnbcrg and
on a subject of such vital impor
tancc cannot fail to receive from
every intelligent thinker the most
careful consideration.
been dipped in an antiseptic solution and .
wrapped in oil paper to keep them fresh
and clean. The triangular bandage is a ,
square yard of muslin cut across diag- i
orally. There are several pictures drawn
on this bandage showing the different
ways it may be applied. In addition to
this information the following directions
are printed on the outside paper:
"DIRECTION'S.
"Place one of these compresses on the
wound, removing the oiled paper. In cases
The Army
Hospital
Corps- 1
| /Will I Go
I into.
itltie Rail el
Ready
if or
Active
Service
and
III! Felly .
I'f \ AU. : the
; Latest .
3 improved'
Apparatus
Cam Offer,
>of large •wounds open the compress and
the whole wound. Apply the anti
i.septlc bandage as shown by Illustrations
Jon the same."
. This package Is s» small that It can
\easlly be carried In tire soldier's vest
pocket, but It is indispensable in time of,
As there In an insufficient number of
)regular surgeons many contract doctors
.are engaged. They have a rigid examina
tion when entering the service. It would
rbe impossible to Increase the number of
) regular surgeons -without a special act of
"Congress, as the law provides only for
'surgeons for an army of 25.000 men. At
'the commencement of the war with Spain
in 1S98 we had to meet the increasing need
'by employing contract surgeons from the
civilian ranks. At present these number
470, which Is more than twice the number
of regulars. In addition to this each vol
unteer regiment had three surgeons.
The army has three hospital supply
depots— one In this city, one In St. Louis
and one in New York, sfrom which ship
ments, are made via the* Suez canal. The
San Francisco depot Is fully eqplpped for
all demands that may be made upon it.
Mary of the sick and wounded fromChlna
will no doubt be taken care of at the hos
pital at the Presidio, which is the largest
and finest hospital of Its kind In the coun
try. It Is thoroughly equipped' and in
every way is an admirable military hos
pital.
ical funds and SIQOO hospital fund
"Two antiseptic compresses of sublimated
gauze in oil paper.
•FIRST KELP FOR WOUNDS.
"Contents of package-:
Then. too. every soldier carries wltti him
what is called a first aid package. This
rackape contains bandages with which
the soldier may dress his own wounds
while waiting; for medical assistance. This
package hasr lenp been in use. but has
leen Improved unon within the last two
years.' It is now much neater and more
compact, beinp only about 'one-half the
size of former packages. The bandages
are wrapped in rubber cloth, which keeps
out air and moisture. The following ex
planation Is plainly printed on the outside
cf each package:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16cult, but it Is given to the true to accom
plish it."
From this the moose proceeded to a
calling of names and further preliminar
ies. The assembled forty listened in si
lence until Digger Jack's patience gave
way.
"Gee, it's warmer for you talkln' than
it Is for us keepln' still," he broke in.
On the instant he was lifted off his feet.
raised high In the air and his next knowl
edge was of being dumped in a bank of
soft snow. When he looked up all was
dark, save for the torches carried by two
strange figures standing over him. Their
finders were fieshless, and so much of
their faces as showed were the faces of
skeletons.. Alaskan Indians they must
have been in life, for the long sweeps ot
Indian blankets draped their forms and
*p* t the top of the glacier a weird
I ,\\ Usnt flickered and bony fingers
it beckoned upward. But the candi
date** c!:ml> to them loomed long
tvA cold. They were being initiated into
tr.o Order of Alaskan Moose. The order
was out In full force to "put them
ihrouph" ai:l the proceedings were stlmu
l.ttinp. although chilly.
The Secret order was founded in Valdez
ose Alaskan night, the 21st of last De
cetnber. Va!dez lies on the Southeastern
ro-ft of Alaska, where Prince Williams
Found Blapa an ugly hcach. In this most
well mannered of Alaskan towns is a
famous Mule cabin known as "Rasey's
}*. st." and there the fonadias took place.
A dir.: • r .ut the roost celebrated the
ir.aupura'.lon «>f the order. I*. AV. Itosen
thal Jr.. the cabin's owner, was host, and
"lirir.p a one-time San Franciscan he
Imotra thp duties of host. The guests did
: oi :-< <r.i to mind that a canvas roof built
i ; or* wa'-li cf rough, logs was all Uu-t lay
THE ORDER OF ALASKAN MOOSE
Questions the candidates pressed onward
up the slippery slope.
Around and about them flickered the
torches and danced :he dead men. Gus
tried to count them, h^ remember?, but
t*iey were like the lambs in the field, one
of which wouldn't stand still long enough
to be counted. They were an industrious
crowd of cadavers. When a man slipped
and fell back they made for him on the
instant, and he was urged forward again.
At the first bench the initiates received
%r. "obligation." one at a time, by placing
tnelr hands upon a block of Ice.
The next climb was harder. Now and
somewhere down the slope. Ho went llks
a long toboggan. One after another the
men were forced to the peals and one afte»
another slid to the bottom and landed m
the snow. Out of all the forty only four
returned to carry on the ascent.
Those below could be seen beginning th»
ascent once more. The ghouls kept to the
upper party, and many were the taunts
flung down to those below. The higher
they went, the steeper the climS. "One
slips back two steps for every or.» ha
takes forward." runs Rosey's description.
But somehow they made the- paradoxical
climb and at the top or tte glacier tno
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
the feathers of the warrior noSded upon
their heads.
Long Jack scrambled and floundered
helplessly. A knee was on his chest and
it was not until many apologies had been
wrung from him that he stood once more
on his feet and was allowed to join the
party of candidates at the glacier's foot.
When he was with them once more ha
looked above for the moose. It was gone.
"Look where It leads you on." said the
dead warrior, and a bony finger pointed
far above to where a figure might be seen
toiling up the glacier's aide.
"Onwardl" shouted the warrior.
It appeared to be from out. of the earth
that there sprung more of the warriors,
and there was a sudden sound as of dogs
yelping, for the forty felt sharp prods
from behind. "Onward!" echoed the other
Indians, and without stopping to ask
then the moose would turn and look back
toward his followers as If to beckon them
on.
At the second bench they were told that
they might rest. "But not until you have
proved your right to rest by showing that
you are the true prospector, sure-footed
and level-headed," said the leading In
dian. "Go to that rocky point and re
turn," he commanded Swedey Enoch, In
dicating an icy peak that jutted to the
right.
"Ay tank Ay fall," remonstrated Enoch.
"Then must you toll upward a^ain.**"' •
It was at the point of several prods that
Enoch was urged out to the point. **At
ban alappery," he protested.
Very slippery. ¦ He - put one generous
foot upon the point and looked foolishly
downward, and crash—
"Ay ban falling." they heard from below.
'Tou below are gathered to become niy
followers. The struggle Is long and G13I-
"Recommended before dtath and after.
Is it?" Inquired Long Tern. He was the
first to sijm. Thirty-nine followed him.
"With forty candidates signed, the next
Step was t<» initiate them: "That's the
whole fun cf a lodge," explained the doc
tor.
Jt was decided that the only fair way
v.ould be to Initiate the forty at once.
Flr.ce they had all Figned at the tame
t!mr. So there came a night in January
when forty rnincrs met at the bottom of
the glacier.
It w:is a black and white night, with the
snow • and the sky cominp together In a
CBTVlas; line. There was just enough light
from the Stars to BhOw Hank snow ar.d
lee in i:ll tiirections. "IYrhaps our charter
members fcrpot tills vras initiation night. "
Puffer Dirk. "If they don't come
pretty soon wo"!! pot up a lodge cf our
ov/n and initiate them."
"Hope you all like this warm place they
rorrd us into coming to," put in Buster,
¦vs.it li the primitive sarcasm of hi3 kind.
"The moos»! maybe's got shot."
"Think we got to ride him?"
' "UaytM they're feeding him cxtry so he
can KtarKl beta' rode by such a crowd."
And they went on t-o and enjoyed as
other men r-njoy the finesse of the word
p&mc Then, because it was very cold,
Gus Bumper Stood upon the packed snow
and danced a buck and wing that he had
learned before lie over came hunting the
gold that he had not found: and the other
men patted juba in a blackly outlined cir
cle about him. partly because their hearts
vcre light and partly because their hands
were cold. Little Mike whistled and the
sound cut fharj> upon tin air. and a 6core
of vnicr-s shouted and tried to fall In with
the tune. In the midst of the revelry came
a startled halt, for a tremendous voice
from somewhere thundered "Silence!"
Everybody looked toward it. On the Ice
bench above stood a marvelous figure.
The body was animal-like and nondescript.
co\*ered with brown fur; but the head
was plainly that of a moose, with horns
that branched ar.d bristled and fiery eyes
that cast a circle of light far around.
The men's silence -was complete and the
moose continued to speak.
Rosenthal ar.d the other followers of
the moose hxM a meeting after the dance
was over. They ca'.led together the min
ers present— all but the nire who had
taken the Ir.^.i'-f homf — and th*>y explain
ed f them the object and v/orkir.gs of the
lodge. Hosry talked until he had to mop
his forehead, for his enthusiasm waxed
prcat. and Uoctor Pearson then took the
matter in his own hands and invited the
miners to step up and sign as candidates.
"Think of • your widows and orphans,
gentlemen." thumped the doctor.
"Think of the times we'll have at social
Catherines." shrilled Rosey.
The ball was the most splendid that
Valdez had ever seen. One extra lady
had been imported from somewhere, thus
making nine, counting the squaw.
¦a in most lodges, but fellow prospectors.
The president is called the high spirit of
the glacier, the doorkeeper is guard of
the canyon and the secretary is keeper of
The wa-wa, a Siwash word that means
speaking.
That old year's night at "Rosey' s
RryjFt" saw the lodge organized and the
ohnrter member* enrolled. Hut. as "Doc"
Pearson asked, what is the fun of a lodge
without Initiations? So the members
looked about for eligible prospectors, and
the upshot was that they went to the ball
to find thrm.
between thrm ar.3 the falling snow. It Is
dtecreet for Valdez guests not to notice
Fuch thing*, for none of them can offer
better. They did justice to all the north
ern diph^? that Rosey set before them.
and ov«r the coffee and cigars they laid
tireir r-'arts. ¦*- '— * ; .
As arranged that night, so everything
has been carried out, and the lodge is
now in good working order. •
The Order cf Alaskan Moose is a bene
ficiary lodged the members of which care
for one another in sickness and attend
fi the burial in case of death. They care
for widows and .orphans as far as possi
ble. The halls where the lodge holds
ir. etlnga are upon the various "benches"
' the glacier. Any tenderfoot who has
been In the interior can become a mem
'•• r. The members are not called brothers
moose awaited them.
"Followers, ye are brave and true." pro
nounced the moose.
"S'pose we make a roast of you. now
we've done it. Gee whiz, but that climb
makes a fellow hungry." - •—
The remark of the neophyte was over
looked partly because he had proved him
self sterling material nnd partly because
the charter members were growing hun
gry themselves.
But reaching the top was not all, as tha
candidates soon found. It looked cozy* to
see the ghouls building a fire and gather-
Ing around It. They rubbed their ghostly
hands above the flames that lit up bony
faces. The four candidates huddled close
to the blaze and chatted comfortably oZ
their climb, when suddenly —
The light appeared to go out. Blindness
came upon them at once, for a bandaga
was quickly bound about each man's eyes,,
his hands and feet tied, and he felt him
*elf lifted high. They waited breathlessly,
txpecttng to come down In a snow drift,
but instead—
"Roast man is pood." they heard a deep
voice mutter. "Be he Swede or be ho
English, roast man la good."
"Stewed man is better," put In another
voice.
"Stewed men are better yet."
"The pot, the pot! Clap them In, cover
them tight, season to taste and they'll ba
ail right," chanted a weird chorus.
Of a sudden the men were hoisted Into
four several things that felt as the lnsida
of kettles might feel. With a clank covers
were clapped upon them and the pots be
gan to swing. The crackling of flames
was heard beneath, the heat Increased.
"A fine stew for the hungry moose,"
gloated a voice.
"What's left will do for hash." added
another.
"Who ever heard of stewlns anything
without water? They will burn." inter
rupted a third.
The lids were lifted and the victims felt
a douse of warm water. "Take me out,"
squealed poor old man Coleman. when his
kettle was open. "Toike me out. Oi say.
Oi won't be stewed for no moose. Oi say.
and begorry that's the truth Olm tellin'
ye."
Poor Coleman. ire hat) climbed the gla
cier at the head of the party, had
climbed in dead earnest and without a
laugh or a complaint. The climate and
the anxiety of a hard luck life had worn
on him so that of late days he had won
dered to himself what was the matter
with his old bones ar.d what made that
queer catch in his side. After the lodgs
was proposed to him he had gone home
talking to himself all the way about
something or somebody that would look
after "the kids and Hannah." in case
they didn't have him much longer. H»
had taken the lodge so seriously, he had,
followed where the moose led so ialth
fully. and now:
"Take me out." he wailed. "Oi won't
be made hash of for no moose's break
fast."
It wa* lorg past midnight when all the
candidates had reached the glacier's sum
mit, had been "stewed" until they wera
deemed "done" and then laid on some
thing that they heard spoken of as' a plat
ter, ready for serving. There followed a.
long rttnal and the giving of passwords
and grips, then a quick descent was made
anil supper served In the town of Vaidez.
The menu was a masterpiece by Mr.
Rosenthal. Vaidezian oysters headed It—
the oysters being the Inevitable beans of
the Alaskan mir.er, served with a mustard
sauce. Mock moose soup was made of
Ions treasured bouillon capsules brought
from San Francisco, and Rosey salad with
mayonnaise was built upon an onion ba
o!s. which means high living where onions
sell for one dollar apiece. Roast moose
with green peas and potatoes a la Rosey
were genuine, and the peach mousse was
a> marvel, served with assorted cakes
which had been bought for crackers at
the store. Imported glacier -water, black,
coffee and cigars topped off the feast, and
forty new members of the Order of Alas
kan Moose went home in time for break
fast.
Since that January night twenty new
names have been added and the lodge
bids fair to spread through Alaska. Somo
of the members have gone on to Circlo
City, taking a charter with them to start
a new lodge, and from*there it is expected
to reach on to Daw?on. Details have been
carried out elaborately, even to the draw
ing of a coat of arms — ash'eld i» the cen
ter and below a crossed pick and shovel
and a gold scale. Two Alaskan scenes
are on the shield and a moose bead loom*
above all.
And old man Coleman is proud of the
coat of arms and he has almost forgotten
that he once pleaded to be taken out of
17tank up to their shoulders, while their
feet lost themselves in the ooze of the drip
water. Others sat down or squatted at
the different stacks of vegetables and be
gan binding them with dried grasses into
bundles. Over in the corner, by a great
heap of young onions, a youthful Italian
squatted and worked, grabbing the onions
togethor in bunches of six and dextrously
tied them together, later binding the
bunches of six into larger bundles, and
tossing them, completed, to the men at
the tank-s. The same functions were be
ing performed with a stack of beets, a
heap of carrots and a mountain of celery,
while a whole wagonload of turnips, nil
headed the sane way, were being. attended
to by three men.
When the work was well under way
Baptiste went Into the cabin adjoining,
returning with a demijohn— a very large
demijohn— and it was full to the top of
ruby red juice of the grape. The Jug
went all around and' landed In the middle
of the shed, where it was left convenient
for the quenching cf frequent thirst.
Baptiste also brought out a tin pitcher
full of some red beverage, with two cups,
for his company, and with it a loaf of
bread some eighteen inches in diameter,
and very sour iind dark-looking indeed.
We were invited to partake.
I'Longa time befora da sup," said our
host. "Ton, leven da clock. " > "'
We would wait. The cook was already
at work in the kitchen, which was on the
other side of the wall, and a peppery
whiff now and then floated through the
cracks between the boards. Leaving the
men and my companion at work with the
vegetables I went into the kitchen to as
sist with the cookinp. The cook was a
duM-eyccl. low-browed, but quick-handed
fellow, with a chronic smile.
"What you cook?" 1 Inquired. "Cab
bage?"
"No. s:— no cabbaga "
"Turnips, oi Ions?"
"Aw. no. si. no turnip, no onione."
"You have potatoes, celery, some veg
etables?"
"Si. aw, no potate, no celere, no vegcta
bool."
"What will we have for supper?"
"Stow."
Stew, then, was the bill of fare. It was
being made In a pot! The cook chopped
a big p'.cee of b^ef into small chunks with
a hatchet and dropped them into the big
oval pot, which was sputtering with hot
lard. Then he brought out anoth<jr big
dcrr.ijohn and poured the contents over
the meat. It was sour claret, and there
was a merry frying and sizzling under
the tin lid. Next Perrita— that was his
name— began peeling potatoes for the
l
fl flj? ff ORKA d.i oay. worka da night.
V)(/ puila da vegetajool. Two, tree
xlxJ clock ina «'a morn, goa ca
crcty. seUa «ia veg to da mark.
The wiry little Italian smiled quiekiy
•with a gleam of his teeth and went on
•with his task cf binding carrots as he
thus delivered himself or »he explanation
as to what he did for a living.
"Eight, nine men worka like h— 1. pu'.Ia
da regetabooL You lika goa see?"
With a wave of his grimy hand the
Italian Indicated the gardens on the slojic!
below where a proup of stooping, heavy
'phouldrrod forms v.cre bending low among
the vegetables.
It was out past the desolate waste of
hills, close by the San Mateo road. In the
vajley of whirling windmills. All about
over the Ftretch cf Rreen slopes were
acres of unromamic verdant things—cab
ibapes, turnips, carrots, onions, artichokes
—and while the windmills whirled and the
[toad* croaked in the creek below the
! preen things grew.
Down the slope' came more men. bear
ing long canvas litters, and when they
came to the stacks of vegetables already
pulled they fell to loading the litter'-.
Over acroFs the hill in another vegetable
• patch a woman worked. She was yo'jiig
.and her face was pretty. With a bandana
¦ kerchief bound round her curly dark head
Fhe lithely moved about, pulling and bind
ing carrots. A quick succession of tugs
at the green tops, a swift gafiierinp to
gether, then a flash of her hand towa:d
& bunch of dried grasses, a whisk, a
whlsp and a rapid twisting of the grasses
— then a bundle of six carrots dropped to
the heap on the ground and the quick
movements bepan ail over apaln.
The planting sunrays caupht a glint In
the dark hair, and now and ;hen Baptiste.
the Italian, planccd across the ditch thru
divided the two cabbage patches. There
had been a little romance there, but it
was all ended. Baptfete spoke of it lattr
on. but said not much.
"Vooman?" said he. "You tir.ka da
pret, ei. Before she usa la worka decs
place, puiia da cabbaga. now phe groan
away n<;dda man. Not worka decs place:
ehe goan n<Wda man. pulla da carrota."
Pocr BaptisJe took ofT hi? flappy old
hat and scratched his head, looking medi
tatively acrbes at his neighbor's carrot
patch and his neighbors wife. Hut only
for a moment: then! ho ducked into the
vog-etable patch again and worked might
ily. The regetsble prow».-r who raises
green things for San Francisco to rat is
a very busy nan and has no time to medi
tate. Not even upon such things as a
wife who has left off pulling cabbages in
his own parden pntch and taken up pull-
Ing carrots in his neighbor** a few yards
across the way.
As to the woman — out there one must
either putt carrots or cabbages, and ther<»
Is little choice between the two*. Proba
bly sho looked prettier pulling carrots,
snij that settled it.
As the c!ay slid behind the mountain
Outside the men were working— working
hard. Though the night was cool, great
beads of perspiration rolled from their
faces™ and my escort was sitting on an
upturned soap box entirely prostrated.
The pile:? of vegetables were growing
smaller and smaller and the wagons wer*
beginning to prow tall with the packs of
the vegetables already prepared. The
time dragged drearily on, the stew boiling
Then I'rrrita washed his hands very,
very clean) indeed. Remarkably clean, in
fact— rolling the soap round and round in
his- bisr black pawsj now and then. eyeing
me slyly. He knew I was watching. Then
he washed the potatoes very' clean, too,
only omittins the soap, and while I held
the tin lid he dumped them all into the
pot. following up with salt, pepper and
more sour claret. Then supper was all
made, except for the cooking of the stew.
Perrita put on a large teapotful^of water
to boil, and when it tipped to one side on
the broken lid of the stove he took a
twisted wire from a nail, secured the loop
in one end to the bail of the teapot and
anchored it to a nail on the v.-all. After
that there was no more trouble with the
teapot^
stew. He stood by the table, and by. the
light that crept through the smoky, dirty
glass of a broken lantern he* scraped and
gouged away industriously, the long par
ings dropping with dull and regular thuds
upon the floor. A great basketful he
peeled, and when they were all cut into
awkward chunks and put into a large tin
dish pan he waddled with them across the
floor and set them under the pouring
faucet.
i
the silence, but the time for temporary
release had come and there began a gen
eral babble of Italian gibberish, which
continued until a shrill whistle from the
kitchen announced the completion of the
stew. Then they flled In and took their
places along the sides of the big pine
plank that served as a table, a long bench
on either side of it.
The stew was there— three large tin pans
of it, and a crockery platter filled with
it for ourselves. There were forks for
all and a knife apiece for us. They ate
red wine. Across the table there was a
big-eyed, wondering fellow of some twen
ty years, who stared in amazement.' To
catch his eye meant to see them open even
wider and stare more wonderingly. We
were to him very strange creatures, in
deed—after the strangeness of an escaped
wild creature of another clime.
Presently the stew was all gone and tha
last of the claret going. The men's head3
were drooping heavily upon their coarse,
loose shirt bosoms, and their feet, with
the coarse, water-soaked boots, were sild-
LIFE 1M THE VALLEY OF WINDMILLS.
A Night Ride With the Vegetable Teamsters of San Francisco
The Postmaster General of the British
Central Africa Protectortrtc gives one or
;wo interesting Items of news In his lat
est report. The null* are still conveyed
for the most part upon the heads and
backs of native postmen. The men are
recruited chiefly from the Yao and Atonga
tribes, and wear a Uniterm. Fully 300 bass
of mails are made up each month at the
different nostoffk-es in the Protectorate
for conveyance by tht3e men. the total
distance traveled bein- close upon 10.000
miles per month, the cost of transit being
less than per mile per bag. The sys
tem of forwarding mails at night by re
. lays of carriers has been greatly extend
ed; the night services' now represent total
distance traveled of some 3000 miles per
month. The postmen travel In pairs, and
are armed with rifles, aa lions ara not In
frequently encountered
with noisy monotony and the men work
ing /violently. . At 10 o'clock there was
nothing left but the waste of refuse veg
etables upon the ground floor, and the last
packs were being put on the wagons.
Incidentally the demijohn had been: re
filled and was again getting low.
Baptiste brought out some long canvas
coverings, and the wagons, heaped high
with rolypoly. cabbages, bursting sacks of
turnips and a miscellany of other green
things, were bound over -with the can
vases and the packs were made snug and
firm. Only an occasional burst of the
strange tongue' now and then had broken
out of the pans, and ate as only hungry
Italians can eat. In the middle of .the,
board was the twin of the demijohn in
the shed, and it, too. was .filled, with viri
ordinaire. And It was rapidly, emptied.
The teapot that had been anchored turn
: ed out some steaming hot 1 ; tea in large
, earthen], bowl?, and; into: his bowl of' tea
. each Italian mixed a generous ~ pbr"^
; tion of the same! vin ordinaire. Vin ordi
naire, is the life of the Italian.' and with
. . out it even his tea is worthless. We tried
y it' mildly with the tea and found it not
f half bad. - . . . ¦¦-
! ¦ There .was. no conversation, for there
! was no common tongue between guest and
i host.\ We found it hard. to; make them
.. comprehend, and observed that it seemed
I difficult for them to make each other un
t derstand. Theirs v ls the stupidity of work
l —much hard,' heavy work — and unlimited
Some of the men began washing tha
vegetables, plunging their arms into the
Baptlste went to a large tank and
turned on the water. "We washa da
veg." he said explanatorily. "Wma da
leaf, washa da dirt, maka da vegetabool
dean, Bella da mark."
The vcL'otSbifs vtit dumped in a heap
in a long shod, wlure the waiting wagons
¦were, and Caytiste. who was one of the
proprietors of the ninety-acre vegetable
farm, struck a match on the rough board
wall and lighted a solitary lantern. He
hung It against the fide of the ehed,
where it struggled dismally with the dis
couragements of dirt and smoke.
The two men with th<* vegctable-'.adon
barrow toiled nhead. and the rest of them
lagged along I chind. In the shadows t!i<»
procession looked like yomc weird heathen
funeral march, with a wreathed funeral
bier heading It.
ar.d th* shadows crept, ovw the vaiicy nt
windmills, the men worked harder and
the heaps <if vccttables prow into moun
tain?. The men with tlic litters were
eteadily ircrklng away also. In great
armfuls they lifted th»> liig cabbages and
turnips from U*e pniund and heaped them
upon the canvas, ar.d when one wa«? load
ed to its utmost capacity two of tho men
put a. *=ort <jf sling made from a strip of
gucay*2tfc PJ'cr their shoulders, slipping
the TO',;? noosor at the ends over the han
dles of the harrow. Then they took hold
of th<* handles and toiled steadily up the
hill. Ihcir duh faces set in stoical endu
rance, and the v.fighl «>f the litter firm:
ping their heavy shoulders forward.
Many leads there were, and the croaking
of the toads ha<J jrrov.-n into a £mother<nl
concert down In the dark willows before
the last one was carried up the elope.
Down the long line of eucalyptus trees
the procession trotted, and up again, and
over the hills— dragging onward, the driv
ers, wineladen, sleeping, cursing drowsily
and beating from force of habit as they:
But his head hung low, and Baptiste
bad naught to say. He was tired, \ very
tired.
"Da alia time sleep." said he. "Some
time f alia ofTa da wag — I . no sleepa. no,
falla, breka da neck."
ing out upon the floorj. Peirita leaned
forward upon the table, his face buried
in his hands and only a coarse, unkempt
shock of bristly black hair ¦was. visible.
Eaptiste turned to us.
"Taka da sleep. Two. tree hour. Taka
da sleep. Waka-da 2 clock, hitcha da
horse, driva da ceety. Taka da sleep
now. Si?"
It wa-s their rest hour. We left them
to crawl into their rouph bunks or sleep
conveniently upon the hard benches, and
went out into the moonlit gardens.
•Across the way, on another slope, a
quaint little church pointed its spire up
ward. Tlie windmills. Rll , about moved
quietly, or with an ccct%sl6nal creak, and
the wind swept softly over the acres of
growing' things.' Little Italy slept.
'At 2 o'clock, we returned to the cabin in
time to hear a wondrous succession of
sound. It was Baptism's alarm. The
horses were quickly^ harnessed and the
wagons ltncd up— three of them. We rode
with Eaptiste. I sat on the jockey- box,
with feet dansling in midair. Reside me
sat my companipn. piitiently submitting
to a continual battery of the aggressive
turnips behind him. Haptiste swore and
heat the horses. They jumped about and
finally started off up the road at a jog
! trot. Then we got Into the procession— a
procession of a 4 hundred wagons. The
wagons came from all the Ingleside gar
dens, some from twelve miles out of the
city; and they wore all jogging along with
a rattle and bang, the odors of onions, cab
>cages'and all ki.ids of green things jolt
ing out and permeating the atmosphere in
¦. \vhliTs. 'Now. and then a wagon dashed
by us. the. driver beating his .beasts in
cessantly.' and lie threw hard turnips at
them. But most cf them drove joggingly
arid slept— slept as they drove, leaning
sideways upon a sack of string beans or
with heads . drooped forward upon their
chests. Baptiste did not sleep. •
¦weejc Then would come Saturday, the
«r«st day— which means to the Italian to
slept — on for miles, and !nto me long
Mission road, where the rattle of the
hundred wagons on the cobblestones filled
the^air with noisy din. It was the moment
when people turn drowsily on their pil
lows and frown, if they have not energy
enough to make forcible remarks. The
"noise was deafening.
It was after 3 o'clock when the horses
turned Into Mission street, the wasron3
rumbling in a long line beside' the car
tracks. Saloons were all along the way.
and now and then a drunken man reeled
out" with a 'snatch of ribald song on his
lips, or .fell heavily beside a lamppost.
Once a staggering woman called to
Baptiste and asked for a ride. Dut Bap
tiste waved her to the wagons behind. # He
had no room.
"Drinka da wine." explained he.
"woman drinka too much, aska.da ride.
Evra da morn, taka one. two. tree woman
aska da ride — I glva da ride."
On down through the busier part of
the town, where newsboys cried out In the
growing light and milk wagons rattled oft
through the streets, Ihen down through
the scenes of daytime traffic, now still and
unpopulated, save for the lagging fisher
men" returning from their night's work.
There the procession broke up and tha
hundred wagons branched off to different
markets. Bantistc's three continued to
the wharf and into the large market yard
at the foot of Broadway. 'We climbed
down from the wagon and watched them
as they prepared to unload. There was
much Italian wrangling and Baptiste
waved his hands wildly.
, "I no. order da * onione, I brlnsra da
onione for da odda mark. Cabbaga. tur
nup, carrota dees mark; onione odda
mark."
Still they wrangled. We were hungry
and our feet were weary with much dang
ling- Six miles is a long stretch when one
sits on a hard jockey box with feet hang
ing in midair and with hard turnips jog
ging one from behind with every cobble
stone. We sought a restaurant and left
Baptiste to his onion quarrel. He would
not be through with his unloading and his
return ride until ten o'clock and then he
would eet the other three hours of his
'daily' six-hour sleep. .That would com
plete one day of his six days' work to the
Ok the Road io the Market.
this little black lump saying to them: **I
tan do aa much as your whole company,
and then can stand it for fully two min
utes longer before I am exhausted'"
Let us now turn to another portion cf
the human race. From the earliest times
spinning has been a much-prized accom
plishment of the fair sex. We need look
back only to our own grandmothers. "We
can picture them, from their own stories,
told us when we wrre children, as rosy
checked damseb sitting around the open
fireplace and spinning from early candle-
Mght till bedtime, let us say possibly two
hours. Let us then consider for' a mo
ment the thousands of spindles rattling
and whirling in a modern cotton factory,
impelled by the power locked up in coal.
One pound of this coal parries the poten
tial energy to do the work of 3000 such
spinsters.
In sawing wood, a man may -work at
the rate o: about sixty strokes a minute
and consider himself a "top-sawyer," and
his saw blade may have progressed flv»
feet a minute; but a circular saw, driven
by machinery, may be put through sev
enty times that distance and saw seventy
times as much -wood. And y-*t this one
little pound of coal contains power enough
for ISO such saws.— E. D. Meier, in Cam
sler's Magazine.
Let us take a pound cf what we will call
average coal, containing, say, 10,000 heat
units. This v%ou!d he somewhat smaller
In size than a man's fist. A pound of
this coal, if expended in mechanical worfc»
would Rive vs 2Jrt horsepower. Imagine
at the time of the Pharoahs two long lines
of men, extending: over half a mile, all
pulling steadily, at the command of the
taskmaster, at a sreat rope to raise some
huge obelisk, and as you sec them sv*esut-
Ing, tugging and straining, think again *f
this small lump of coal in which nature
has placed an equal amount of power. la
some countries men who have been spe
cially trained as porters, to carry heavy
loads on their backs, wfH, as a full day's
work, carry a total of from 350 to 600
pounds a distance of or.e mile. And yat
each has expended but one-third of the
power stored up in this pound of coal.
An exceptionally strong man has been
known do one-half horsepower of worJc
as his mightiest effort, hut in two and a
half minutes, work at this rate exhaust*
his muscular force. Let us suppose 100
such men putting forth such extreme- ef
fort at rope, or crank, or crowbar; aa
they fall back, red-faced and puffing:, to
catch their breaths, we might Imagine
A Round of Coal
6le*>p and drink mo:» red wine.
"Wbata you tink? Worka la. da3>
worka da r.lght. Worka like h— 11 : Worka.
worka; you no like. Maka da kick— ycu
wanta da or.ione, you order da onione!
What you tlnk! Zhe— Chrl— . worka da
da — worka da night— maka da kick alia da
fame!"
Verily, the way of the vegetable gSBfrer
is hard^
THE SUNDAY CALL.
18fold by trie
Special
Ccr-i«espor|der|t
of the
SUHday £aTT
Who Was
Lf NI.ESS the remaining five months
j of 1903 develop something more re
markable, the trip of Peter XI*
sen. alias F. M. Bowser, through
the whirlpool rapids will be pointed out to
future agr^s as the greatest feat of its
kind up to the close of the nineteenth cen
tury. This trip of Nissen's had its nota
ble features, which are well worth point
ing out ani well worth remembering. Nls-
Fen dropped Into Niagara bent on passing
a fortnipht's vacation in a manner that
¦w-ruid add a little exr-Hement to his life.
By occupation In his home city. Chicago,
he was a bookkeeper, and instead of sit
ting- Cotrn <->n a pier or In a boat and pull
inp the fish to him he decided to brave
waters far too wild to afford a Urge-ring
place for the finny tribe.
NZfkoh met many obstacles, and had he
b^en a man nf less determination his
nerve would have be-on worn out ar.d he
xni*rht fcave gone home disappointed and
to be laughed at. The strain on him for
ten da><= showed p'alnly on his face. In
hi? talk and in his actions the night be
fore he made the trip. But he bobbed up
ell right that eventful avA memorable aft
rrrocrn of Ju!y ?. Nisyrn's craft was all
r<?a<?y at 4 p. m. and young Le Blond
towed him out to midstream. It wss Nis
san's misfortune to get caught in an eddy
on the Canadian side immediately above
the rapids, where he floated full half an
hour or more. r This wa* another trying
time, and ro matter how -strong a man
might be it was a splendid opportunity
*or weak nerves to give out. But Nissen
was game. N<"vcr has a man tried so
hard to get into the awful current that
eweops into the whirlpool rapids. The
little rowboat casio to his rescue, and
once more his faithful attendant towed
him out i&to the current. The crowds on
the bridge and on the cliffs socn realized
that the boat with its sole human occu
pant was destined to make the rapids
trip, and they stood as petrified while the
boat was floating down the smooth, dark
pre^ri waters unoVr the bridges. If it was
a moment of FUFren** for the spectators,
what muft it have been for Nissen?
The great rolling- swells below the
bridges lifted the strange boat but gently
as It floated down into the valley between
them. Over the next one the boat swept
with a grace that was surprising, and one
mipht have imagined he was on the man
ufactured wave of a merry-go-rour.d so
nicely did the boat ride. The course
taken was a little toward the Canadian
f!dr-. Bow on. the boat entered the rapids,
but after meeting the first broken wave
It ewuks sideways, and it was then the
wat*>r end tie waves pounded Nlsscn al-
i_re^test Fesi of
Its Kind
in This Century.
Through the Whirlpool Rapids in the "Fool Killer"
Why Peter Nis«en
Made This
• Trip Through
the Host Dangerous
Part cf the
Niagara River,
5h& Cannibal Jree.
Mr*: Eilis Rowan or .Melhourr.e..Austra
lia, who Is at present tn New York and
who has traveled more extensively in the
cannlbai coruhtry than any other Euro
pean woman, has told recently of the
istence In Australia of arrest tree which
is perhaps one of the most wonderful
plants of nature. It willhoid In its center
and devour the body of a man aa readily
as our Insectivorous wild fuwers trap ths
insects on which they partly subsist. Th9
tree is called the cannibal tree
Ab Mrs. Rowan describes it. ita appear
ance may be Imagined to resemble a mam
moth pineapple, which often reaches to
the height of eleven feet. Its foliage is
composed of a series of broad. board-Ilka
leaves, growing in a fringe at Its apex.
Instead, however of standing erect, as
does the little green tuft at the top of a
pineapple, these leaves droop over and
harp to the ground. In the largest speci
mens they ars often from fifteen to twen
ty feet lorg. and strong enough to bear
the weight of a man. Hidden under these
curious leaves Is to bp found a peculiar
growth of spearllke formation, arranged
In a circle, and which performs the sam«
function for the plant a3 do pistils fop
flowers. They can not. however, abide to
be touched.
Among the natives of Australia there In
a. tradition that in the old days of tha
antipodean wilds this tree was worshiped
under the name of the "Devil's tree." Its
wrath was thought to be greatly dreadad.
As seen as Its huge green leaves b^sran to
rise restless up and down Its worshipers
Interpreted the sign as meaning that a
Facrlfice must be made to appease its
anger. Cno among their numlf-r was
th/refose chosen, stripped of his raiment
ftr.d driven by shouting croT-cls u-p one of
Its leaves to the spex. ' All went well
with the 'victim until the instant that h<»
stepped into the center of the plants and
on the so-called pistils, when the board
like le>vf> would fly together and clutch
and squeeze out the life cf the Intruder.
By early travelers in Australia it !s af
firmed that the tree would then hold Us
prey until every particle cf his C.csh lad
fallen from his bones, after which the
leaves would relax their ho!d and the
gaunt skeleton 'fall heedlessly to the
ground.. In this way did its worshipers
seek to avert disaster and to still th»
demon spirit among them.
The tree's present name and its un
canny actions remind us that the cannl-
bals of Northern Australia have also a
playful way of scattering about the bone*
at a victim after one cX their feast*
most to deatn. He was seen to wave to
some one on the Canadian side and just
then he received his first good ducking.
The crest of a wave struck him full in
The head and face, and from that time on
until he floated out iri*to the whirlpool it
was knock after knock, as he met wave
after wave, all of them, that is' the
fcamy. air-charged portion, sweeping
well across his boat, dashln.i upon him
with a force almost sufficient to break his
neck. But the boat kept right side up all
the way. through the rapids. Never once
did it capsize. The lC30-pound iron sus
. pended to the keel served its purpose well
in this part of the river."
After Xi."5i=<\n reached the whirlpool he
kept very <iuiet m his boat, and some be-
Hevcd him unconscious when looking from
a distance. But soon he was seen to stand
up and exercise himself. Then the spec
tators realized that the cold day and
water were felt by him and they knew the
exposure .was severe. Nissen's experience
in the Niagara whirlpool has never been
equaled. It was simply wonderful. Those
who saw it were fortunate, so far as wit
nessing a stiang<\ interesting, thrilling
spectacle is/ concerned. The high winds
that had prevailed for two days had
served to raise the. height of the water in
j the river several feet. So far as the safe
ty of the tiip through the rapids was con
cerned, this was much in Nissen's favor,
but whild this was true, it also added an
extraordinary and unusual element of
danger to the 'whirlpool end of the voy
age, fcr the high water had brought a
vast amount of driftwood and ether de
bris dowrt the river, and all of i? seem
ingly had lodged. in the pool. When Nis
ser. swppt around the pool the first time
he ran f-.;lt into the midst of all this mat
ter near the inlet of the pool. His boat
was carried right into It, and he knew
there was another element of danger hov
ering- over him. A large piece of a crib
or bridge hung dangerotrsly near him.
while a log danced about his boat, now
and then being" shot in the air by the
action of the water in a: manner that was
highly excltingj and equally dangerous.
Several times It looked as- though this
log would fall upon and crush the boat,
but each time it swung off and NIssen
¦ vas saved. 'More than once the boat was
5 caught in. the suction of one of the num
erous whirlpools and raised on end, swlng
" Ing round and round. Four times Nissen
.was carried around the river pocket, and
' each ' time, when comparatively quiet
¦ water allowed, he took exercise to keep
. warm. He had passed under the. steel
arch bridge at 5 o'clock and two minutes
later was in the whirlpool, where he re
' mained i until nearly 6 o'clock before his
' fine was caught by the young men who
•'swam out to the boat. When he landed
he was chilled through, but there were
no bad effects from the trip or the expo-
sure. On the afternoon of July 13 Nis^en's
boat was towed around the whirlpool to
Thompsons Point by your? men he had
engaged to deliver it in the navigable
portion of the river. It was set adrift ani
went around Thompsons Point in good
shape, but lodged in tne eddy below on
the Canadian side. For five hours the
men worked to get it into the down cur
rent, and it was not until after S o'clock
that night that It went through the rap
ids at Fosters Flats. Xight settled, ana
it had not reached Lewiston or Queens.
ton. In the morning it was found dash
ing against the rocks in the Devils Hole
eddy on the New York shore. It was on
Its side. The keel was pone, a fact thai
told too plainly that while this keel wa*
a safeguard for rapids voyaging, it would
have proved the death of Xissen ha-i ha
been swept out of the pool that Monday
afternoon, providing the boat took tho
same course It had during the night. Th»
boat was bruised and the air compart
ments were partly full of water. The keel
was lost at some, shallow poir.t and is not
likely to be roeoversd. When Nissen
reached the boat "Wednesday morning it
wan hard on the rocks and the wrecking
party were at work. "I am sorry for my
boat." said Nissen. and his voice seemed
choked as h« remarked. "Supposing I hail
been in it?" and the others thought the
same thing.
¦Aftrr some little effort the- beat was
once moro afloat and went with the cur
rent on down the river. An enterprising
resident of Quecnston. Ont.. hurried out in
a boat to capture It and towed it into the
Queenstown shore, -where Nissen was
forced to pay the man ?4 in addition to
what he had promised the wreckers before
the man would let him have the boat.
NIssen did not sec the justice of this", but
he pafd it rather than have a quawel.
Captain Hugh J. Mclntyre took the boa*
in tow of his fine steam yacht ami
brought It over to Cornell's dock at Lew
lston, from which point It was shipped to
Chicago.
Nlssen's personality is quite different
from that of many rapids navigntor3 of
the past, and all who meet him are puz
zled to know- why a man of his apparent
pood judgment wanted to shoct the rap
ids. But then it was a Chicago idea that
a boat line to the -whirlpool from the falls
would be a prcf»inb!e feature at Niagara.
Having developed this idea, he went on
and demonstrated to his own satisfaction
that the Jash of the rapidd waa a littles
too lively ?ven for Chicago poop!?.
• OKRTX K..D1TXLAP.
THE SUNDAYS-CALL.
19THE SUNDAY CALL.
201 ONDON. July 28. — The Daily Mail's Shanghai correspondent telagraphs that a Russian
f^ banker who left Peking on July 7 and arrived at Shanghai Wednesday, July 25, says that
*3^ when he left Peking all the legations had been destroyed and all the foreigners murdered.
The Ministers, seeing death inevitable, shot their families. Sir Robert Hart, the banker adds,
committed suicide in despair. The full text of the Daily Mail's telegram is as follows:
"SHANGHAI, July 28. — Newspapers here publish a statement by an influential banker,
residing in Peking near the British legation, who arrived in Shanghai, having left Peking on July
7. He states that the legations were then destroyed. All the foreigners had disappeared, and
he could not positively state if they had been murdered, as he was too frightened to inquire."
The Mail's correspondent proceeds:
"Investigations prove this information is reliable. The banker in question has gone to
Tingpo. His friends will not disclose his name, fearing that to do so would cause him to l^se his
"The manager of the Russian bank of Shanghai has received a letter from the bank's Niu
chwang branch, stating that one. of its Chinese representatives from Peking, who had just arrived,
confirmed the report of the Peking massacre. He states that all the foreign Ministers were mur
dered. Seeing death was inevitable, as the Chinese swarmed into the legations, the Ministers
killed their families at the last moment. Sir Robert Hart, in despair, committed suicide." i ¦
SHENG HOLDS
SECRET CODE
Chinese Enabled to Learn Con
tents of Messages From
Conger.
' As to how the Chinese obtained the
code opinions differ. The State Depart
ment ia less circumspect about Its cipher
code than are some European officials,
yet the code is carefully guarded and
every Minister and other official to whom
a copy' of it is entrusted signs a pledge
that the safety of the code book and Its
destruction in time of danser shall be
his first care. Notwithstanding this, how
ever, two copies of the code have disap
peared within the last twenty years. One
was supposed to have been stolen from
one of the legations In Europe within,
the last three years. This led to a change
. of code used between the State Depart
ment and European countries, but the old
code book was still used in China and*
tome other parts of the world.
State Department officials are very reti
cent about the disappearance of the code
'book and will not say trom wha^ legation,
the book was stolen cr where it 13 sup
posed to be further than to intimate that
it is supposed to be In the possession of
one of the European governments. They
profess to be certain that no copy of the
code book ever got into the hands of the
Chinese unless they have succeeded in
some way In securing Minister Conger's
copy.
However this may be, Secretary Hay.
who was the strongest defender of th#
genuineness of the alleged Conger dis
patch, has come- to have little faith la it.
ARE THEY LIVING OR DEAD?
THE FAMILIES AND KK1ENDS OF THE FOREIGN MINISTERS AT THE RACECOURSE. PEKING. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN FOR L;^
LUSTRATION DURING THE LAST RACING SEASON. THE GRANDSTAND. ON THE STEPS OF WHICH THE PARTI 13 GROLPED. WAS BLRNED
BY THE RIOTOUS BOXERS ON JUNE 12, THE FIRST OPEN ACT. OF HOSTILITY TO THE FOREIGNERS.
aa ALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
r^ TEL. WASHINGTON. July 28.— Sec-
Wfl retary Hay is satisfied beyond the
shadow of a doubt that the contents
of the Conger cipher message were known
to Yuan and Sheng at the time the mes
sage passed through their hands for trans
mission to Washington. Shen wrote to a
Chinese official in Shanghai at the time
the message must have 'been passing
through his hands giving practically the
exact phraseology of the message.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
of more regiments it will not be hampered
by lack of funds to meet expenses. Ameri
can soldiers are more expensive than those
of any other nation, costing on an average
about 510)0 apiece for a year. If It should
be necessary to put 75.000 more men in the
field the additional charge upon the treas
ury would be about JoO.OCW.OM a year, and
an increase of 100,000 would increase the
expense $100,000,000. a year.
Secretary Gcge said this afternoon that
if the army should- be Increased by 75.000
more men the additional expense could be
met out of- the ordinary receipts of the
treasury •without drawing on the cash
balance at all. It is the present policy ot
the Republicans to reduce the war revenue
taxes early in the next session, and Sec
retary Gage has advocated this. But if
the need should arise to increase ex
penses on account of the war In China the
reduction of war taxes would have to be
deferred.
BUSSIANS BURN A VILLAGE.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 25.— An offi
cial dispatch from Prejenchensk. dated
Friday. July 27. says Sherwln detach
ment, en route to reinforce Blagovest
chensk, captured and burned the village
of - Moche. opposite the Russian port of
Ignaschina. ontbe Amur River. The in
habitants fled. ....
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALX. BUREAU.', WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. July 2S.—Sec
retary Gage Is ready to meet any de
mand that may be made upon the
treasury for the support of a, larger army
In China if It should become apparent that
the present force of the United States will
have to be strengthened.
..If the army Is to be Increased and it- will
be necessary, for the ; President: to. call an
extra session of Congress to authorize the
enlistment 'of extra men and the formation
One Thousand Dollars a Year
for Each Soldier Sent to
the Front.
COST OF WAR
WITH CHINA
CAUJ BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 28. — War against
China, which yesterday was believed to be only a possible outcome of the present condi
tions, is fast coming' to be regarded as almost inevitable.
When Secretary Hay's note was addressed to the powers it was on the theory that the in
ternational forces w<:re to aid the Chinese Government in bringing about the conditions set forth
as those which this Government would co-operate to secure. The conviction is being forced upon
the administration, however, that the Chinese Government, if not originally responsible for the
anti-foreign outbreak, has ceased to oppose it, and that the safety of foreigners in the empire now
and hereafter can be secured only by guarantees obtained frpm the imperial authorities at the
point of the sword. *
Evidences are multiplying tending to show that it is the Chinese Government rather than
the insurgents that is responsible for the treatment to which the Ministers have been subjected in
Peking, and that imperial troops rather than Boxers will resist the advance of the /international
forces. Whether the Ministers are alive or dead, the treatment they have received in Peking, if
responsibility for it can be traced to "the imperial Government, would be sufficient justification for
declarations of war by the powers.
DECLARES NO LEGATIONS
WERE STANDING ON JULY 7
Special Dispatch to the CalL
WHILE in so far as definite knowledge of the fate of the legations in Peking is con-/
cerned the world remains at a standstill, fears are increasing that the outcome of the
general situation must inevitably be war. Even in Washington, where the most
hopeful view might be expected to prevail, there is a growing conviction that the Chinese
Government, even if not responsible for the anti-foreign movement, has ceased to oppose it
and that' the time is rapidly approaching when its policy of evasion and procrastination will
be thrown aside for an open defiance of Western civilization.
Various dispatches arriving from Chinese sources were made public in Europe and
America yesterday. AH repeat the statement of the safety of the legations and fail to con
vince. Similarly a report ascribed to a Russian banker, of the probable massacre of for
eigners in Peking was considered to lack authority.
As for the cipher telegram signed "Conger," which purported to have been sent from
Peking by the United States Minister on July 18, Secretary Hay to-day informed Minister Wu
that in his opinion it was a forgery. The contents of the message, it is learned, were known
before it reached the State Department to both Yuan Shai Kai of Shantung and Taotai
Sheng, a director of Chinese telegraphs, both of whom have been objects of peculiar suspi
cion from the outset of the troubles, and the only inference is that they were acquainted
with the State Department cipher.
A parliamentary bluebook issued In London to-day contained documents showing
that an adroit appeal was made at the beginning of the month to Great Britain-by the Chi
nese Government to secure her support against the other powers.
According to advices which reached Washington yesterday, but which require confir
mation, an imperial edict had been received by Li Hung Chang bidding him to hasten to the
capital to take command of the imperial forces in Chili province and lead them against for
eigners. According to this report, foreign envoys were to be kept in durance as hostages.
LITTLE HOPE THAT WAR
CAN YET BE AVERTED
SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE OAH.I1..
BRIEF RESUME OF THE DAY'S
FAR EASTERN DEVELOPMENTS
TIENTSIN, July 24 (via Chefu and Shanghai July 28). — A Chinese student, who has been under the supervision of Missionary Wilder and who
started for Peking two weeks ago, returned here late this afternoon. He reports that Chinese imperial troops completely surround the Tar
tar city. He was unable to deliver the messages with which he had been entrusted to the legations. He begged the Chinese to let him go
through, but was told it was impossible — that they could not pass any representative of foreigners.
On the afternoon of July 14, according to the messenger, the Chinese ceased the attack on the legations, and during the remainder of his
stay everything was quiet. On July 18 an imperial edict was issued commanding all persons to protect foreigners. The messenger left Peking on
that day. He saw no troops for sixty miles south of Peking, but in the vicinity of Yangtsun and Pietsung there were . about 20;000,
This news is believed to be trustworthy, as it corroborates other information received.
ATTACK BY BOXERS
CEASED ON JULY 14
NOT PERMITTED TO
ENTER WALLED C/TY
MESSENGER FROM PEKING REPORTS
LEGATIONS SAFE AND
FOREIGNERS RECEIVING PROTECTION
; Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900-FOJtTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXYIII-XO. 59.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.COLONEL ¦WTLJ.IAM S. MTTSE.
VALLEJO. July 28.— Colonel William S. Muse, commanding the Marine
Corps at Mare Island Barracks, has received telegraphic orders to
proceed to China on August 15 to relieve Colonel R. I* Meade. who
commands the marines in China at the present time. Colonel Meade
entered the Marine Corps on March 18, 1S54. and hus proved himself an
able officer ar.d one of rare executive ability. He was stationed on this coast
some years ago, and was again place-3 in command of marines here upon the
death of Colonel Williams, some months ago.
When Colonel Muse reaches China he will hold a very Important position
and one that will require an ab!e officer, he being next In command to the
commandant of the station, and the euthorities would not put any but the
most reliable and trustworthy officers In such a position. Colonel Muse was
appointed from Maryland.
NEW YORK, July 2S.— The Sun has the
following from Rome: Count San Mar
tino, the Italian aiinlster of War, who was
formerly Italian Minister to China, takes
a gloomy view of the Chinese situation
In general and of affairs in Peking in par
ticular. He has not the slightest doubt
that the advance of the allied forces on
tho capital will be the signal for a general
Insurrection, in which the Yangtse Vice
roys will have to join.
( Count Martlno says he has received
from China fullest proof of a plot or
ganized by the mild young Emperor, who
is tired of his condition of tutelage. It
was arranged that he should leave the
palace at night, take refuge in the Britjsh
legation and there hoist the Imperial flag
and proclaim the deposition of the Em
pres.s Dowaser on the ground of senile
decay. •
This whole business was to have been j
managed by the Military Governor of
Tientsin, who was to march upon the capi
tal. But at the last moment the Gov
ernor turned traitor and the Empress
Dowager, believing that all the legations
were concerned In the scheme, commenced
retaliating by patronizing the Boxers,
with the disastrous results now known.
Count Martino Is confident that this will
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOXER RISING DUE TO
YOUNG EMPEROR'S PLOT
Emperor William expressed hope that
this war would carry Christendom into all
China.
"If you meet the enemy and you defeat
him, give him no quarter, make no prison
ers. Let whoever falls into your hands
be doomed. Just as a thousand years ago
the Huns under their King Etzel made
for themselves a name which to this day
is a mighty one in tradition, so may your
appearance make the name German be
feared for a thousand years in China, so
that never again a Chinaman may dare
look askance at a German.'*
NEW YORK, July 28.— The Journal has
the following from Berlin: The actual
words of the Kaiser's famou| speech at
Bremerhaven yesterday were, according
to an eye witness of the leave-taking, as
follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WORDS OF KAISER IN
BREWERHAVEN SPEECH
The Pope has issued through the Car
dinal Vicar of Catholic Missions a letter
which directs that general prayers shall
bo offered up in Catholic churches
throughout the world for the safety of
Christians in China. The letter also ex
presses the hope that instead of motives
of revenge the Almighty shall Inspire
everybody with thought of concord and
peace, which will prevent further ruin
and massacre.
C3^ OME, July 2S.— An authoritative or
fcwf gan of the Vatican, in commenting
* on the speech of Emperor Willifim,
in which he told the soldiers on the way
to China to give no quarter and to take
no prisoners, states it is the earnest wish
of the Pope and Cardinal Rampolla, the
Papal Secretary of State, that the powers
shall not resort to nor permit a policy of
retaliation and revenge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 2S.-AFSurances
that the Peking Ministers are
a!lve came to-day from Mr. Fow
ler, the American Consul at Che
fu; frcm Mr. Me Wade, the American Con
sul at Canton, and from Minister "\Vu,
the Chinese Minister here. The latter
came to the State Department early ex
pressly to deliver an edict received by him
to Secretary Hay. It is similar in form
to the edict published yesterday in Lon
don. The Minister says that the only
differences are those in% - olved in separate
translations.
Mr. Wu's translation of Sheng's dis
patch is as follows:
"Edict of the 2Sth of the sixth moon
(corresponding to July 24) states that fort
unately all ministers, except Baron von
Ketteler, are alive and unharmed. They
aro now being supplied with vegetables,
fruit and provisions by the Government
to show Its sympathy for them."
If Mr. Wu had any dsubt as to the safe
ty of the Ministers, It seems to have been
dlFsipated by this edict. He labored ear
nestly with Secretary Hay to convince
him that he was bound to accept this offi
cial declaration of the Chinese Govern
ment. He pointed out that this last
declaration differed materially from most
of the other statements that have ema
nated from Chinese sources in the im
portant fact that it did not represent
merely the belief of a minor official or a
viceroy; it was the solemn declaration
of the Chinese Government. In making
the statement touching the Ministers, the
Chim-se Government, therefore, assumed
a ftri-jus responsibility to the world at
large. He declared that It could not be
conceived that such responsibilities would
be lightly assumed, and therefore he (Mr.
Wu) did not hehitate to assert his positive
personal conviction that the Ministers
were alive on July 24.
When his attention was called to the
apparent failure of Yuan Shal Kal to ac
cede to Consul Fowler's request that the
allied admirals he- put into communication
with the Ministers. Mr. Wu shrugged bis
shoulders in a deprecatory manner, and
merely replied that the Chinese were so
different from other people that the
usuil tests could not be applied to them;
It would not l>* possible to predict what
they would Oo under conditions that
¦would be easily met by Europeans or
Americans. It was possible, he added,
that Yuan was really undertaking to do
what the admirals wished, only it would
first be npccfisiry for him to consult the
Pekinp authorities, and that would tp.ke
time. He could not say when an answer
might he ejijteulfd to his last message to
Mir.ieter Conger.
The diFpatehes from Consul Fowler con
veying assurances from Yuan Shai Kai,
th<? Governor of Shantung, that the for
eign Ministers were well on July 24. and
had been provisioned, in, connection with
constantly reiterated assurances from
other Chlncss sources of the eafety of
the Ministers. Slave raised a r.ew theory
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.— A dispatch
has been received from Li Hung i.'hang
dated July 26 which states that the Chi
nese Government telegraphs him under
date of July 23 that the Ministers are all
well. LI Hung Chang also complains that
none of the powers have consented to
place a warship at hi3 disposal for his
journey north, and he added that he
would be compelled to encounter many
obstacles by a land Journey.
LI HUNG CHANG'S COMPLAINT.
at Canton stating that the Viceroy Taksu
assures him that the Ministers were all
alive and well on July 24.
PARIS. July 2S.— The Chinese Minister
at Paris. Yu Kcna has received the fol
lowing decree, dated July 24:
"The foreign Ministers are happily at
present safe and sound except Ketteler.
We are having the foreign legations sup
plied with provisions and fruits as a token
of the interest we feel in them."
•-. >
Secretary ' Hay also received a cable
gram from United States Consul Me Wade
" 'Have just received an Imperial edict of
July 24. paying various Ministers, except
German, are well, and some days ago had
provided provisions to the legations. Am
satisfied Ministers* are out of distress.
¦' 'YUAN. Governor.' "
"Another telegram from the Governor
A later dispatch from Fowler, dated 1
a. m.. the 27th, to the State Department,
is as follows:
" 'Have received to-day an edict from
the Emperor saying that the Ministers
•are well. They are sending provisions to
the legations. Am confident the Minis
ters are out of distress and request you
(Fowler) to transmit this preliminary an-
Houncement to admirals.
" 'YUAN, Governor.' "
"This morning, by request of the allied
forces. I wired the Governor (supposed to
be the Governor of Shantung) our wish
to get news from Ministers themselves.
The Governor now replies: ' — ¦
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The Secretary
of State has received the following dis
patch from Mr. Fowler, the American
Consul at Chefu, dated at midnight on
the 26th:
IMPERIAL EDICT
FORWARDED BY YUAN
at the State Department, which is being
speculated upon. These assurances have
r.een given In answer to the repeated and
urgent demand of the various European
Governments when they be placed
in communication with the Ministers, and
the last assurance of Yuan was In answer
to the specific demand of the foreign ad
rr.irals for direct communication. Yuan's
announcement that the imperial Govern
ment at Peking not only asserts the
Fafety of the Ministers, but declared that
they have been provisioned, if accepted
us true, indicates that the Ministers have
been communicated with. The inquiry
then naturally arises:
If the Ministers have been provis
ioned, why dors not the Chinese Govern
ment, knowing as It docs that the whole
¦world is demanding a direct message from
the besieged lepationers. allow them to
communicate with their Governments?
\\ hy not furnish direct and unequivocal
evidence of the safety of the Ministers in
stead of this repetition of an assurance
which the world hesiuitea to accept?
The failure to purpJe the direct method
which must be available tends almost ir
resistibly to the suspicion that something
has happened in Peking which the Chi
nese Government desires to conceal from
the powers; that it is afraid to allow the
true Ftory to be revealed until terms have
been made with the powers which are
waiting at the gate's of the empire. Just
what that something is furnishes a fruit
ful theme for speculation, but no satis
factory conclusion can be reached until
the forces enter Peking or the legatloners
arrive at Tientsin.
Imperial Edict That Fails to Carry
Conviction of Ministers'
MORE ASSURANCES
FROM THE CHINESE
OPPOSED TO
RETALIATION
Pope Leo Hot in Accord With
the Course of the
Kaiser.
NEW YORK. July 2S.— The World has
this from London, July 2S: There are seri
ous dissensions among the powers con
cerning who shall be commander in chief
of the allied land forces in the inarch on
Peking. Great Britain is urging deter
minedly that as Ru&sia has obtained con
trol of the railway and Germany of the
waterway England's paramount commer
cial interest entitles her to insist that the
expedition shall be under a British com
mander.
Important communications are passing
between Jvird Salisbury and United
States Embassador Choate on this sub
ject. Lord Salisbury is strongly pressing
the Government at Washington to sup
port him. but he is not altogether satis
fied. He says that with Germany working
with Russia and Japan playing a waiting
Special Dispatch to The Call
GROWING DISCORD
AMONG THE POWERS
be found to be the true explanation of the
whole business.
NAGASAKI, July f djutant General.
Washington: Relief arr. . at Nagasaki. July
Srt. Claude R. I-eslte, Company I. Fourteenth
Infantry, died of disease contracted in line of
duty— dysentery. His remains will b« shirred
to San Francisco. Civilian Employe Arthur
HfTjnes.iy was drowned June 21 and burM at
Nasasakl. HARRIS O. PERLET,
Major Medical Department.
WASHINGTON. July 2?.— The War De
partment has received the following
cablegram:
DEATH OF TWO SOLDIERS.
NEW YORK, July 2S.— General James
H. Wilson, who arrived thi3 morning per
Ward line steamer Yucatan, has been or
dered to proceed Immediately to San Fran
cisco, en route for China. In view of the
urgency of the situation Health Officer
Doty allowed General Wilaon to leave
quarantine to-night in order to take tho
night train for San Francisco.
GENERAL WILSON
GETS RUSH ORDERS
game the result la that no agreement has
been arrived at regarding the chief com
mand and no advance is possible white
present conditions last.
The correspondence' shows that Count
Muravieft. the late Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, took an optimistic view
of the situation in China, but that Count
Lamsdorff, hia successor, was far from
sharing in this sanguine view. He thought
that Northern China was In a state of
hopeless anarchy, as did M. Delcasse, tho
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, who
on July 5 considered the Imminent danger
"Since the opening of commercial inter
course between the foreign nations and
China the aspirations of . Great Britain
have always been after commercial ex
tension, not territorial . aggrandizement.
Recently dissensions have arisen between
Christians and. the people <if Chill and
Shantung. Certain evil disposed persons
have availed themselves of the occasion
to make disturbances, and these have ex
tended so rapidly that the treaty powers,
suspecting the rioters might have been
encouraged by the Imperial Government,
attacked and occupied the Taku forts. The
sufferings arising from this act of hostil
ity have been great and the situation is
much involved. In consideration of the
facts that of the foreign commerce of.
China more than 70 per cent belongs to
England, that the Chinese tariff is lower
than that of any other country and the
restrictions thereon fewer, British mer
chants have during the last few decades
maintained relations with Chinese mer
chants at ports as harmoniously as if
both were .members of the same family.
But now complications have arisen, mu
tual distrust has, been engendered and the
situation has thus changed for the worse,
and it Is felt that If China cannot be sup
ported in maintaining her position foreign
nations, looking on so large and populous
a country, so rich In natural resources,
might be tempted to exploit or despoil it
ana perhaps differ among themselves with
respect to their conflicting interests. It
is evident that this will create a state of
mr-tters that would be disadvantageous,
to Great Britain, a country which views
commerce as her greatest interest. China
is now engaged in raising men and means
to cope with these eventualities, but she
feels that if left to herself she might not
be equal to the occasion should it ever
arise, and therefore turns to England in
the hope of procuring her good offices In
bringing about a settlement of the dif
ferences that have arisen with the other
treaty powers.
"The Emperor makes this frank ex
posure of what is nearest his heart and
hopes this appeal to her Majesty the
Queen Empress may be graciously taken
under consideration and an answer vouch
safed at the earliest possible moment."
The papers elope with the edict of June
29 already published, which was commu
nicated to the Foreign Office July 13.
The Parliament paper on China shows
that considerable negotiations had previ
ously passed between Great Britain and
the other European powers regarding the
policy of Japan's action, while I^ord Sal
isbury notified Embassador Pauncefote on
June 22 as follows: •
"You suggest to Secretary of State Hay
that any troops which it is possible to
send from Manila would be of great value,
i as it is probable that the United States
legation is In great danger, as well as
the legations of other powers."
Germany assumed the position regard
ing the Japanese matter that nothing
must be done to imperil the accord of the
powers. Japan insisted upon an assurance
that her invasion would not lead to a col
lision with Russia. Russia finally declared
on June 2S that she had no desire to hin
der Japan's liberty, especially after her
expressed Intention to conform her action
with that of the other powers.
LONDON, July 28.— A parliamentary
paper on China was issued this aft
ernoon, dealing with the period of
the murder of Missionary Brooks.
January 4 to July 13, when the Chi
nese Minister at London. Sir Chlh Chen
Lo Feng L.uh, communicated to Lord
Salisbury the imperial edict. The last
written communication from the British
Minister at Peking, Sir Claude Macdonald,
dated May 2S, refers,, to the warning, to
Prince" Ching that the Ministers would
summon guards unless the Government
showed a greater disposition to protect
the legations. Minister Macdonald admk
ted that he was somewhat surprised at
the calmness with which Prince Ching re
ceived the suggestion, which he said had
already been made to him. Minister Mac
donald adds:
"Possibly the Government has awak
ened to the strength of the Boxer move
ment and would be disposed to welcome
the additional security afforded by the
presence of foreign troops."
The contents of Sir Claude Macdonald's
subsequent telegrams are already known.
On July 7 Lord Salisbury notified the
Viceroys through a communication to the
Chinese Minister that they would be held
personally guilty should any injury be
done to the Europeans. On July 6 Lord
Salisbury gave the southern Viceroys as
surances of support.
On July 11 the Chinese legation forward
ed to the Queen a telegram dispatched
from Peking July 3 by the Emperor, as
follows:
DENVER, Colo., July 2S.— J. C. Welp
ton of this city to-day received a letter
from his brother, H. G. Welpton, a physi
cian and missionary in China, which was
written on June 23 and in which he said
he would cable later to assure his friends
of his safety. As no cable from him has
been received his friends fear he has been
killed. The letter written by Dr. Welpton
was sent from Kullng. China, via Kiani
kiang. At that time, June 23, he was very
hopeful about the situation and the safety
of foreigners. He says thnt the native's
were, all kind to him and evidences of
trouble were scarcely to be found. Hf
wrote from tho interior of China, where
there is comparative peace and to which
place It is not believed the insurrection has
spread. Dr. Welpton wrote further that
most of the American? in the interior
were then hastening to Peking to be
under the protection of the legations in
case trouble should begin. He declared
that It would be a great mistake for the
powers to partition China: that the Ori
ental nation should be left Intact in order
that Christian missions might spread
throughout the empire.
The letter was written June 11, sent
by courier to Tientsin and mailed at that
place June 14. The missionaries, Mrs.
Woodward says, had fled to the American
legation. June 19. she declares, acting un
der the advice of Mr. Conger, she and her
daughter, accompanied by Secretary Bain
bridge and a guard of rour soldiers, left
the legation and started for the railway
depot. With much difficulty they reached
the station, only to llnd that the Boxers
had torn up the rails for several miles,
burned the bridges between Peking and
Tientsin and cut the telegraph wires.
Nothing remained but to return to the
legation. They were continually attack
ed by roving bands of riotous natives and
alter a desperate running fight they man
aged to regain the protection of the lega
tion. In the legation, Mrs. Woodward
says, it was reportf-d that a small army
of the allies had started to relieve the
prisoners. Provisions, she declared, were
plentiful. In concluding her letter Mrs.
Woodward says:
"V/e feel confident that we will be res
cued. In fact, we are assured that every
thing possible will be done by our Gov
ernment and other Christian nations to
relieve us immediately."
PROBABLY MURDERED
IN INTERIOR CHINA
CHICAGO, July 28.— A letter telling of a
desperate jbut Ineffectual attempt made
by missionaries fo escape from Peking
was received here to-day by Morgan S.
Woodward, an Evanston man, whoso
wife and daughter lone are visiting Min
ister Conger and family in the Chinese
capital.
"It will be almost impossible to move
an army across the mountains, with their
narrow passes and deep deflles, which
separate the provinces of Chili and
Shansi."
PREVENTED ESCAPE OF
WOMEN FROM PEKING
"For many years the Chinese have been
contemplating the removal of the court
from Peking to this inland city, the idea
being uppermost In the Chinese mind that
the more inaccessible the capital the
fewer would be the demands upon China
from the outer world. Besides this citv
was a capital of China In ancient times.
It is situated on the so-called 'Marco Polo'
road, known to the Chinese as the great
north trade route.
"If the Ministers are being held as
hostages and are being removed to the
remote inland city of Singan-Fu, a place
most dirtjcult to reach. It is natural that
the Chinese should put forth ail their
finesse and cunning to conceal this move
until they are safely across the moun
tains.
"When the allied relief forces reach Pe
king 1 think they may find the capital de
serted by the court and the envoys gone.
It is not unlikely that the Empress, and
possibly the Emperor, have fled with their
court under the escort of Manchu Banner
men from Peking to Slngan-Fu, taking
with them the Ministers at least as host
ages and leaving the other foreigners in
Peking to a horrible fate.
NEW YORK, July 2S.— The World to
morrow will publish a statement by Sher
idan P. Reed, ex-Consul at Tientsin, in
which he says:
EMPRESS MAY HAVE
FLED TO SINGAN- FU
over, but who afterward, on July 6. pro
posed a collective note warning' the de
facto Government at Peking, houing that
this would demonstrate the solidarity of
the accord of the powers. M. Delcasse in
sisted that the relief of the legations at
Peking was far more important than any
petty grievances among the powers.
Lord Salisbury Makes 'Public a
Telegram Imploring Aid of
Great Britain.
EMPEROR KWANG SU'S
APPEAL TO VICTORIA
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
While the positive statement is made
that it is not the present intention to send
any more troopa from Manila to China, at
the came time it is known that all con
tingencies have been canvassed, and that
if an .emergency should arise in China
which made it imperative to have addi
tional troops they would be drawn from
the Philippines for temporary duty at
least. Some' time ago General MacArthur
was advised by Secretary Root to main
tain sufficient* transports to carry supplies
between Manila and Taku, and these
transports would be available for emerg
ency troops. The Pennsylvania, Indiana
and Sumner, when the latter arrives at
Manila, probably will be held for service
between Manila and Taku and -will be
available for the contingency which may
occur, but which the department does not
expect to arise. A stubborn resistance to
the advance of the International armies
might make additional troops necessary'.
In that event a speedy relief column no
doubt would be sent from Manila.
this evening, though it may be several
days before his report of the fact can
reach the department. The Irregular and
unsatisfactory character of the present
system of communication between Taku
and the cable office has been taken into
account by the War Department, and it
is said that one of Chaffee's llrst acts on
taking command of the United States
forces ashore at Taku and Tientsin will
be to establish, perhaps in co-operation
with other commanders, a line of rapid
boats, running from Tientsin to Shanghai
or Nagasaki.
WASHTXGTOX. July 2S.— The day
brought forth the usual - crop of
edicts and reports from various
quarters, and the usual visit from
Minister Wu to the State Department,
bearing directly upon the welfare of the
Ministers in Peking. This constantly
growing mass of assertion is beginning to
have a cumulative effect upon the skep
tics and there is a noticeably more hope
ful view taken of the state of affairs to
day. Beyond the fact that It Is scarcely
conceivable that the Chinese authorities
should persist in repeating and strength
ening these stories up to the rapidly ap
proaching moment when the whole truth
must be disclosed by other agencies, it
appeared upon careful consideration of
the reports that there really was a little
more ground for hope as to the safety of
Mr. Conger and his colleagues at Peking
to-day than there was yesterday. The de
pressing fact Is always in mind that the
Chinese authorities, by their own state
ments able to communicate ¦with the lega
tioners, for some mysterious reason . do
not permit these unfortunates to com
municate with their own governments.
Minister TVu's explanation of this, .that
the Chinese methods are different from our
own, Is scarcely sufficient for the officials
here. The Minister, however, is honestly
trying to get a further communication
through from Mr. Conger, and it may be
that success in this undertaking will af
ford him a brilliant vindication.
The War Department officials now cal
culate that General Chaffee, with his
troops on the Grant, will arrive at Taku
Chinese Minister Hopes to Vin
dicate His Government of
the Suspicion That It Is
• Deceiving the Powers.
WU WORKING DILIGENTLY TO
GET ANOTHER CONGER MESSAGE
TO COMMAND MARINES
ON SERVICE IN CHINA
22
W&rm W&&tih&P
Weakness Is Quickly Overcome.
The cooling, tonlns and blood enrlchlns
qualities of Hood's Sarsaparilla are won-
derful. It strengthens the Btoma<*h and
digestive organs and creates an appetite.
It has a.n unequaled record of cures of
ecrofu'.a. calt rheum, holla, pimples and
other diseases caused by impure blood.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price JL
Prep&red by C I. HOOD & CO.. Lowell.
Mats.
' Hocd'B Pilli cure indieeetloa. Price 15 cent*.
"¦ l " 11 ¦¦MWA4MIIU ¦¦— .. j ¦ HX*%
P^ 1p|| JaA e lllllp
JlNi^N-'i^OTjFVi ! Here's the last call to Trade Sale! J
W0Wm~ ! this is the *
Hgf^pa^JL Wind-up Week! 5
O^^uiiMTivaar-jig.T. n inti'i ¦¦ W if7 Wonderful value giving to force a fitting *
finish. The selling begins tomorrow and lasts until Saturday night. Set £
jjj the windows; all items advertised are on display. If you *
* can't come, order by mail, but order early. 5
% Need any Shirts? Sale of Men's Trousers %
<fi Wind-up week sivings to keep business lively 300 p^rs on speclat be_1nn'a2 tables tomorrow *
* AlEN'S LAUNDERED SHIRTS- MEN'S TROUSERS- * m
* of heavy percale, stripe* and fijures in fancy wor , te _, Hjhf and dark m
* r?,frl "*y fading,, swell, with shades, cood soli/ bard finish „
$ cuffs, wjnd-up week special 65c ea cloth, w;!l made, the 52.00 kind, £
JJ MEN'S LAUNDERED SHIRTS— fcr wind-up week „ - 51.33 pr m
i, an exceptionally eood line, stripes & MEN'S BLACK RIBBED TROUSERS— £
*» SK C °. \ , °aTI Wilh whitc «' fc "»v worsted, _ood matsri.l, JJ
n body or all colored body, two pairs well ma Je. good wear, all sizes. £
of cuffs with every shirt, wind-up...S5c ea a snap cJuring wind-ap week 31.13 pr JJJ
| White Vests (f |^ c d Front Hats jj|
f> MEN'S VESTS— f3^ <5AT f np HATS m
S a .[ Frenchp r a L 5 ' f-<^ "".?£?*"** newes, S
S v 8 • ' V " tS in the -7 ' biocil3 »n men's Fedoras *
E cheov neW "- patterns J X_.~ > y of black, hr.wn, cedar. *
« LJ^° tS - > ,K doub . l l . e '*Vdl Derb>t in black, brown, *
T\ tun ' '° b ? W J ora /f3\ -< morrow, most of them *
T\ d,MTV" lu ft aI1 *fh*A th -« m ia £« windows, ¦ *
5 v «"' e vindup Mil elMr Mvin * ° f e5c °° +
* $1.25 each 1L )J $1.35 each ;
JWHITE INDIA SILK PUFFS- '*
J or^me^^ 5aJi " _ £
flBAND BOWS— * *
£ busin«\ f hL Iad i" °u men * ¦ bi * line ol •" shad " * nd P«««ns, the 25c kind oa for a J!
* h^!f ,», AN ? FOUR.IN.HAND TIE5- m
V design* ?h??. M 'I/I? ?- ricc ; the wanted 5hadin C s in •" lbe P°5 u!3r w'o™. Opines and *
* &»&& "" £ S
Conspicuous arno:ig women who have
attained success in the business world
is Miss Ida Harned, a clever insurance
writer. Miss Harned is recently in re-
ceipt of an international medal from her
company for having written more insur-
ance during a single month than any other
agent In the world.
A recent letter from Miss Harned to
The Peruna Medicine Co., of Columbus,
O., reads as follows:
CHICAGO. ILL.
607 Chnmnlain Building.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O. :
Gentlemen — "As a tonic I find your
Piruna an excellent madic.'ne to build
up and resiora tho nervous system.
My work is out doors and traveling to
a great extent, and during inclement
weather I especially value it as a
preventative against colds, and as a
catarrhal treatment it is unexcelled,
if is with much pleasure Igiva Peruna
my hearty endorsemant."
Yours truly, Ida Harned.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus, O.. for a copy of "Summer Ca-
tarrh." This book treats of the many ami
varied phases of catarrh peculiar to sum-
mer. Sent free.
"Hoping that Peruna may do for
others what it has done forme, I rec-
ommend it to every one." I remain,
truly yours, Mrs. Fred Bohde.
Mrs. Fred Bohde, Goegfein, Ind.,
writes: "I was a sufferer from
headache and pains in my stomach
for ten years, more or less. I con-
sulted doctors, but they could give
me no relief. I grew »eaker right
along and didn't expect that I could
live very long. One day I happened
to get a '99 Peruna almanac. I saw
my case described in it and also a
sure cure, so I decided to give it a
trial. I commenced to take it last
spring, and after faking half a botth
of Psruna I felt like a new person. I
continued taking Peruna until fall,
following your directions carefully,
and I have to say that I feel better
than I ever did.
If there Is a remedy in the whole rango
of medicinal preparations that Is in every
particular adapted to this form of dyspep-
sia, that remedy is Peruna. It not only
acts as an appetizer, but It imparts to
the stomach the vigor to properly digest
the food by awakening the paristaltlc
movements of the digestive organs.
This is a very common form of dys-
pepsia among the mentally overworked
class, whose nervous systems become de-
pressed by Jpng continued strains and
sedentary habits.
A dose of Peruna before each meal dur-
ing the hot season is a safe&juar;l of price-
less value to those who are In the least
subject to nervous prostration, and an ef-
fectual protection against summer colds.
Mrs. M. Dooley. Mt. Airy. Habersham
county. Ga., writes: "in the spring of
the year l v ,tf) I took your Peruna for about
three weeks according to directions ami
also one bottle of Manalin. arnl can truly
say that I consider myself cured of
catarrh of the stomach of five years'
standing. / on/y ioQ^ ihrQQ ooWas
of Peruna and one of Manalin which
generally stimulated the liver, the
glands of the stomach and bowels,
and it is a most splendid ionic. p eru .
na is a wonderful medicine for catarrh of
the stomach. If I ever have any more
trouble I will most assuredly take Peruna.
It is the only medicine I ever took that
did me any good. Peruna acted like majrtc
in my case. I believe it ia the best medi-
cine on earth for dyspepsia. I also believe
there Is no other medicine on the market
that equals it for family use."
Atonic dyspepsia is simply nervous pros-
tration of the stomach. There is not usu-
ally much pain, but a feeling of great
weight, and sometimes faintnesa after
each meal, followed, by sour eructatior.a
and belching of gas. The bowels may be
regular and appetite good, but the weak-
ened stomach, which should be in con-
stant movement after a meal, lies dor-
mant, allowing the food to soon decom-
pose instead of digesting.
Every one who Is. In the least degree
subject to nervousness, sleeplessness,
prostration, mental fatigue or nervous
tlebility in any form, find* the hot weath-
er of July and August very hard to bear,
if not dangerous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.SHAH OF PERSIA IS
WELCOMED IN FRANCE
Series of Special Entertainments at
the Exposition Arranged in
His Honor.
PARIS. July 2S.— The Shah of Persia.
Muzzafar-Ed-Dln. France's second royal
guest in connection with the exposition,
arrived In Paris this afternoon. He was
met at the station by President Loubet,
in whose landau he was driven to the lat
rcEidence of Dr. Evans, the American
dentist, which has been fitted out for the
reception of crowned visitors.
The Shah comes from St. Petersburg,
whither he proceeded on a visit to the
Czar after his recent stay at the water
cure at ContrevHle.
Military honors were rendered to the
Chah by the Republican Guards on his
arrival in Paris. The station was deco
rated In his honor. President Loubet. at
tended by his Cabinet, welcomed him on
alighting from the train. A great crowd
that lined the route witnessed the proces
sion, which consisted of eleven landaus
with members of the Persian legation and
the Shah's suite. President Loubet left
the Shah at the Evans mansion and re
turned to the Elysee. where the Shah re
turned hla visit Immediately.
Brilliant fetes have been organized for
the Shah, Including an exceptional illu
mination of the exposition ana a review
of the troops. To-morrow he will be
taken on a trip on the- Seioe. He will be
pin a Beiies of visits to the exposition on
Monday.
The Shah wore a dazzling display of
diamonds to-day, and the uniforms of his
suite also glittered with precious orna-
GOLDEN OFFERED MONEY
TO LEAVE KENTUCKY
Prosecution Closes Its Case in the
Trial of ex-Secretary of State
Powers.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. July 2S.— The
prosecution in tho trial of ex-Secretary of
State Towers, charged "» w
ccs«ory to the murder of William Goebel.
concluded its evidence in chief this after
no^ The defendant will take thesund
Monday and testify in his own behalf
Golden resumed the witness-stand to
day and Judge Sims began a severe cross
examination. He was kept busy for an
how or more denying that he made state
ments that are attributed to him, %\ hlch •
it is supposed would be introduced by the
defense, to Impeach his testimony.
Judge Cantrill announced that the jury
will not be allowed to visit the scene of
the tragedy until all the evidence is in.
On redirect examination- Golden said he
had been approached by his brother-i.i
taw. John Stamper, who told him he had
a talk with Lawyer L. F. Sinclair, now
one of Powers' attorneys, and that Golden
c'uld get $5000 if he would leave the State
and not appear against Powers. Witness
Bald he refused to consider the proposi
tion. He gave as a reason for not going
berk to Knox County after he had made
a S co^fe SS ion° that his y brothers, who lived
there, advised him to stay away, as they
believed he would be killed.
AWARDED COMMISSIONS.
WASHINGTON, July 2S.— The f ollowine
enlisted men now serving with their regi
ments in the Philippines have been given
commissions in the volunteer army: .
Sergeant Major George Grau. Twelfth
Infantry to be first lieutenant in the
Forty-ninth Volunteer Infantry. .
First Sroant T. B. Ellis. Company H
Fortieth Volunteer Infantry, to be second
lieutenant In that regiment.
First Sergeant John Ryan. Company I,
Thirty-second Volunteer Infantry, to be
second lieutenant in that regiment.
Sergeant Major Frank T. Albrecht. For
ty-second Volunteer Infantry, to be sec
ond lieutenant in that regiment.
Sergeant Major Walter M. Lindsay and
First Sergeant Louis B. Chandler. Com
pany L. Forty-third Volunteer Infantry,
to second lieutenants In that regiment.
Mayor of the City Receives an Offer
of Enough Abie-Bodied Men to
Annihilate the Negroes.
KEW ORLEAXS. July 28.— Mob violence
seems to have spent Itself and the city Is
quiet. No fresh outbreaks are reported,
the burning of the Thorny Lafon School
last night having evidently been the
crowning piece of mob violence.
Mayor Capdevllle says that lawlessness
such as that. which has shocked the com
munity In the last few days can only "be
suppressed with force. He said to-day
that he had no intention of disbanding
the police or discharging the militia, until
the last vestige of mob violence had dis
appeared. '
Among the communications received by
the Mayor to-day v.-as an offer "from the
leading citizens" of Tangipahoa for a suf
ficient number of able-bodied men to an
nihilate the negroes of New Orleans.
Mayor Capdeville to-day issued two
proclamations, one ordering all barrooms
closed at 2 o'clock and to remain closed
until. 5 o'clock Monday morning.
The other proclamation requested all
merchants to close their respective places
of business at 6 p. m. and keep them
closed until 6 a. m. Monday.
The order closing barrooms was en
forced, and the request on the merchants
was almost unanimously complied with.
The bodies of the two negroes who were
killed by mobs yesterday were buried
quietly from the morgue to-day. During
the early morning . hours to-morrow the
disfigured remains of the desperado
Charles will be taken from the morgue
and interred in the potter's field with as
much secrecy as possible- In order not to
arouse that class of the public which is
yet far from pacified. Sergeant Porteus
was buried this afternoon, as was also
Andrew Van Buren.
The police officer's remains were es
corted to the graveyard by a full battalion
of police.
- The oity is being 1 patrolled to-night by
the militia and | civic police, though there
is no indication of any disturbance.
Amnesty Banquet.
MANILA. July 29.— The proposed ban
quet in commemoration of the amnesty
MOB RULE AT AN
END IN NEW ORLEANS
proved a failure owinj? to a misunder
standing between the Kilipinos tendering:
it and the American civil and militarv
authorities regarding speeches. After
two hours' delay the banquet was finally
finished. Commissioners Taft and "Wright
and General MacArthur were in, a.ttend
ance. No political speeches were made.
CAPTAIN "WAS NEGLIGENT.
the Carintha.
Result of Inquiry Into the Wreck of
LIVERPOOL. July 28.— The Board of
Trade inquiry into the loss of the steamer
Carintha on the island of Haytl found
the captain had not navigated with proper
fare and his certificate was suspended for
hree months.
The Cunard steamer Carintha, while on
the way from New Orleans for Cape
Town with a cargo of 1450 mules, ran full
speed on the shore at Point Gravois. on
the south coast of Haytl. May 13. About
a thousand mules were saved but the ves-
I sel became a total wreck.
"WASHINGTON. July 2«.— Another monastic
order, the Passionist?. anticipate an early af
filiation with the Catholic University here.
This community ranks amonr the most rlgror
ous in discipline in the Catholic Church. The
Passionist monks hare lars?e monasteries aJ
ready at Hoboten. X. J. ; Pittsburgr. Baltimore
and several other points In the United States.
Lady Randolph looked radiaat. as did
the young bridegroom, who was smiling
and nodding to friends.
The Wedding Breakfast.
After the ceremony the wedding party
repaired to the residence of the bride's
sister, Mrs. Moreton Frewen, where the
wedding breakfast was served to fifteen
people at six small tables decorated with
roses. The menu was the usual wedding
breakfast, but there was no wedding
cake. Mr. Frewen proposed the bride's
health and the bridegroom responded. He
said:
"Jennie's friends are my friends. I
thank you from the bottom of my heart
and the bottom of Jennie's heart for all
of your good wishes." >
After the breakfast the bride and groom
started for Broughton Castle, which Lady
A. G. Lennox has lent them for the honey
moon.
Lady Randolph's golng-away dress was
a pale blue batiste. Lieutenant West was
attired In a flannel suit. Showers of rice
were thrown after the couple as they de
parted. -The Prince of Wales called on
Lady Randolph Churchill yesterday and
bade her good-by. He also sent a pres
ent. Among the presents received by
Lady Randolph was an exquisite pearl
and diamond tiara, for which the Duchess
of Devonshire had received subscriptions.
Among those who subscribed were A. J.
Balfour, the Duke and Duchess of Dev
onshire. Lord and Lady Londonderry, the
Marquis and Marchioness of Lansdowne,
Lily, Dowager Duchess of Marlborough,
Lady Georgiana Curzon, Henry White.
Mrs. Arthur Paget. .Mrs. George Caven
dish-Bentinck. the Countess of Crewe and
Essex and many other?. Another gift was
a splendid jug of beaten silver and two'
massive tankards from officers of the
Scots Guards, comra-ies of the bride
groom. Lieutenant West's gift was a
beautiful pearl and diamond necklace. Sir
Ernest Cassell gave a pearl and diamond
aigrette. There was a great deal of plate
and some lovely gold boxes.
black and white gown, with hat to match.
Moreton Frewen acted as usher.
Many Americans Present.
A great many Americans were present,
among others Kmbassador Choate and
attaches of the embassy. Mrs. Dudley
Leigh wore a lovely pink and white liber
ty satin gown and a white hat wreathed
with roses. Mrs. Arthur Paget came In
dressed In a pretty black and white mus
lin gown, carrying pink roses. Mrs. Ro
nolds, who arrived very early, wore a
mauve and white muslin dress and a toque
of rose leaves. She was accompanied by
Mrs. Blow, who wore a gown of pale pink
and white. Mrs. Adair wore dark gray,
a white tulle boa and a pale blue toque
with pink, malmalsons.
Among other important people present
were M. de Several, Lord and Lady Lon
donderry, Lady de Grey, Lady Granby,
Lady de Trafferd. Count Albert Mens
dorff Baron and Baroness Eckhardsteln,
Lady Ximerfck and Mrs. Willie Grenfell.
; The arrival of Lady Randolph Churchill
with the Duke of Marlborough was the
signal for a general rush of people outside
the church, all eager to catch a glimpse
of the bride as she walked slowly up the
path. There was some little delay at
the church door and the Duke, who was
carrying- a large umbrella, handed It with
great ceremony to a friend before proceed
ing to give his arm to Landy Randolph.
His Grace was very serious, almost se
vere, as was also Lady Randolph, as they
walked up the church aisle. The bride
was wonderfully handsome, and young
looking as well. In a gown of pale blue
chiffon with beautiful real lace and ostrich
feathers in hor toque.
The register was signed by Mrs. More
ton Frewen, the D.uk© of Marlborough,
Winston Churchill and the best man.
Lieutenant H. C. Elwes. a brother officer
of Lieutenant West in th<> Scots Guards.
Directly they entered the vesty Winston
Churchill gave his mother a tremendous
hug and then spoke to Lieutenant West-
Afterward, as they came down the aisle.
MRS. CORNWALLIS WEST, HEB HUSBAND AND HER SONS.
LONDON. July 2S.— Lady Randolph
Churchill (nee Jerome) was to-day
married to Lieutenant George
Cornwallis West at SL Paul's
Church, Knights Bridge. The
church was thronged with handsomely
dressed women. There was no restriction
upon the number admitted to the church
to witness the ceremony, except the ca
pacity of the church, but only relatives
and intimate friends were bidden to the
subsequent wedding breakfast, and no re
ception was held.
usually quiet neighborhood of "Wil
ton Place, where St. Paul's Church is lo
cated, was this morning early astir. Be
fore 9 o'clock crowds had collected out
side the church gates. By 10:15 o'clock
the crowds had swelled to enormous pro
portions. The late opening of the church
doors caused great inconvenience to early
guests, who were pushed here and there
and almost swept from their feet. When
the gates were actually opened a rush
was made for the doors, the crowds fight
ing and pushing to enter the church. It
was only with the aid of the policemen
that they were In any way controlled.
The church was not overcrowded. It
was sparsely adorned with palms and
white blossoms. Tho two front pews,
which had been reserved for the family of
the bride, were quite unoccupied, while
the Cornwallis-West family was not rep
resented.
The Duke of Marlborough, -who gave
the bride away, arrived in summerlike at
tire, a prray suit and blue shirt, and wore
a crimson flower in his buttonhole. Direct
ly after he had performed his official du
ties he seemed very glad to slip away
into a seat near his young American wife,
who" was one of the first to arrive. She
was beautifully dressed, all in pale gray,
with a fashionable bolero, a waist belt of
two shades of rose color and a Bmall black
toque.
The next most Interesting guests were
Lady Georgriana Curzon, Lady Sarah "Wil
son and "Winston Churchill, all of whom
arrived almost simultaneously, the two
latter In an open carriage. Lady Tweed
mouth, another sister-in-law of Lady Ran
dolph, was present. Lady Blanororrt.
mother of the Duke of Marlborouph,
brought Lady Xorah Churchill. Mrs. Jack
Leslie, sister of the bride, and whose child
was christened yesterday, arrived with
Lady Randolph and followed her down
the aisle of the church until she came to
the front pew. when she was helped to her
nlace Mrs. Moreton Frewen. another of
the bride's sisters, was attired In a sort
Copyright. lJCO, by Associated Preu
LONDON July 23.— This week of rumors, j
edicts and Chinese protestations by the
score ends with England as firmly con
vinced as ever that the foreign Ministers
at Peking have been massacred. Not on
ly that, but in the determined attempts on
the part of the Chinese authorities to con- ;
vince the world of the truth of their as
sertions, prominent organs of public opin
ion are unanimous in seeing a desperate ;
plot on the part of the Chinese Govern
ment to delay the day of retribution in the
hope that the powers will become em- !
broiled among themselves. The Chinese ;
declarations have, in fact, aggravated j
rather than ameliorated the feeling j
against the Eastern empire.
Archibald Ross Colquhoun, the distin- |
guished geographer and correspondent of j
the Times during the Franco-Chinese war
Of 1SS3-S4, in a review of the situation ¦
trenchantly declares:
"What we want is not knowledge, how- j
ever profound of the Chinese. Rather
would we strengthen the hands of Ad- !
miral Seymour or some other commander, j
throw ourselves boldly into the breach .
and. If necessary, take some risks. No big
thing has even been done without a cer- 1
tain amount of risk."
Bernard Shaw comes out with a scath- |
ing protest against retaliations, such a? [
the suggested execution of Prince Tuan. j
the razing of Chinese cities. etc.. t
"which," Mr. Shaw says, "characterizes i
the most horrible, cowardly mobocracy i
that can be imagined. Revenge under
any extremities of provocation must be
absolutely barred."
Japan's New Vessels.
Abuses on Ellis Island-
Quietly but steadily Japan s three war
vessda building at Elswick are • being •
pushed toward completion. The Idzumo. ,
a powerful armored cruiser, is nearly
ready and 600 Japanese sailors are aboarcfl
her, patiently waiting the word to sail.
The average opinion is that they will be
needed for a deadly conf'.ict. Kven the
unhysterlcal Spectator this week pessimis
tically incline* to the belief that the in
terests at stake in the Far East are too
varied and conflicting to enable the pow
ers to indefinitely preserve the thin ice
of harmony on which they are standing
at present.
With the shipment of men to the China
sea comes the need of money. European
nations must have more gold.
"It will become necessary." says the
Statist, "to raise the value of money in
London to a point where pold will be at
tracted ¦ from the United States, and un
less the Bank of England affords facili
ties to import the rate will have to rise
to a comparatively high figure before gold
arrives. On the other hand, if the bank
is willing to give facilities, early imports
of gold from the United States may occur.
The arrival of two or three millions of
gold from New York would greatly facili
tate the issue of British and other Gov
ernment loans. That the United States
can spare a considerable amount of gold
is certain." . i: ; ~' +
A "ertous attack ha? been mace in the
columns of the Express against the treat
ment— of immigrants arriving at New
York. That paper sent a representative
in the steerage of the steamer La Cham
pagne, who in th» course of a series of ar
ticles entitled "The Closed Door" has been
giving English readers vivid pictures of
the horrors of a steerage passage. The
writer however, chiefly devote? himself
to the alleged brutality and corruption of
officials at the barge office and on Ellis
Island. The latter the writer describes
as a prison, where, he maintains, immi
grants are beaten asd abused worse than
; cattle.
The Ellis Island warders are called "the
dirtiest ruffians in New York." Medical
examination of Immigrants it is alleged
Is made without any regard to theory of
principles or hygiene. .... , r ,
The reporter says the Invincible?, Mul
let and Fitzharris, were a thousand times
better treated than other iininlsrrants. not
excluding feeble women ami children. He
elves numerous instances with names. An
idea of the attack can be pained from the
following: account of a supper on Ellis
Island: . . .
"We parsed in a long: *?ne around the
room. A man with filthy hards filled our
hats or handkerchiefs with moldy prunes.
Another thrust two lumps of bread in our
hands. Supervising " the distribution was
a foul-ir.outhe.d Bowery tou?h. who
danced upon the table and poured forth
uDon us torronts of ob?cene. hlasphemous
abuse. I saw him drac an old man. a
long-bearded Polish Jew past the barrel
of prunes by the hair on his face. I saw
him kick another emigrant, a German,
on the head with a heavy boot."
The Express writer believes that If the
shipping companies were compelled by
the Legislature to refund the deported
emigrapts the entire sum spent in the
Journey asrents would soon cease to em
bark people who obviously have no possi
ble chance of acceptance.
British Press Makes a Vigorous At
tack Upon the Treatment Ac
corded Friendless Emigrants
at Ellis Island.
Belief Is General That For
eign Ministers Have Been
Massacjed.
ENGLAND SAYS
CHINA IS MAKING
PLAY FOR TIME
FIERI WORDS
OF THE KAISER
ARE CRITICIZED
Adverse Comment on His
"No Quarter" Speech by
Press and Public.
Idea of the United States Acting as
Mediator Bet-ween China and
Europe Is Rejected in
Germany.
Copyright. 1303, by Associated Press.
BERLIN". July Zi.— Emperor William's
address to the soldiers comprising the
Ohi^a expedition forms the subject of gen
eral discussion to-day. The Emperor's in
etructiens to spare no Chinese and make
r.o prisoners are condemned by nearly
everybody cue meets and also by the
j:ress.
The Lokal Anzelger pretends that the
Hmpercr did not mean what his words
implied, but that he merely wished to cau
tion the members cf the expedition that
they would inaet a foe who does not spare
end makes no prisoners, nearly all
the other papers, commenting upon the
Einpercr's speech, etrongly arg-u« against
it, th« Tagebiatt in & epecially caustic
isacner, remlr.cing the Emperor that tell
ing his soldiers to carry civilization into
China and in the earae breath enjoining
them to deal with ferocious severity there
do not tally. Besides, the paper arguee.
the- Emperor has co right to so instruct
the expedition because the expedition will
icra part oX a whole asd be under the
ccmmar.d of a chief cf some other na
tionality whose instructions 9olely they
must obey.
The paper tmi»" f » lf " that "the Em
perors Whavior is likely to eplit up tho
harmony of the powers, as doubtless tome
cf the powers ncSU not agree to the Em
peror's Instructions.?
Several papers draw a parallel between
this latest epcech by Emperor WJliiam
tr.d the one delivered in l£<s. dedicating
to the Hedeemer the church at Jerusalem,
en which occasion the Emperor preached
the gospel of Christian lcr.s suffering to
•Wfcrd ail rations.
China's Advantage.
The Cdopie Volks Zeltung publishes
FTatemer.ts to the effect that a Catholic
XTi^s-ionary who has Just ret jrned from
China sta'tes that the Emtress is the
prims instigator cf the present war in
»^hi:ia. citing a number of proofs thereof.
One of the Empress' chief advisers. Ad
miral Pun YueUn. published at the
Krr.preFF" behest tho policy to be pursued
until China hh«>uld be ready for war with
Europe. Baying. "European jealousy and
ir.harmor.y is the advantage heaven sends
t^hina to prepare herself. When every
thing is rcadv for war, we shall revenge
til past injuries at one blow."
The idea of the United States acting as
mediator between Europe and China has
met with roost decided rejection here, the
¦ rr^ppondent of the Associated Press
1' arris. despit£ the honeyed words accozn
panying the rcfr?a!. Germany insists
upon adequate redrt-«* for Baron von Ket
teler*« assassination and a guarantee for
the permanent re-establishment of order
:¦•• conditions in China. Not before this
is d^ne will Germany be ready to listen
to diplomatic propositions about the
ustiis quo. The Associated Press cor
r^Fporidcnt loarr.s that th9 sentiment in
the Mfbert circles is indignation that in
f-tcad of practical solidarity between all
the powers the- tendency is more and more
plain that each is atrain set-king selfish
is'! vantages, irrespective of outraged in
ternational rirhi.--. The feeling against
the '"r.!:*-< 1 Stntes is especially bitter.
Emperor WTflliam having expected that
the United states would steadfastly side
v.-ith him In demanding redress.
¦ '¦ m G r. r-i! Guer.thtr of Frar.kfort
(ra-tbe-Main is beins? savagely attacked in
trie aprariar. press here for the character
• I bis reports relative to the meat ques
iion. disproving the hygienic pretense of
¦she new meat Jaw. The Iieutsche Tapes
ZtAtvng demands that the German Gov
enuBest withdraw its exec-uator from Mr.
Guenther. adding thct "proofs of Mr.
GucntherV nefarious work are to be found
in the Vnited Stages pre?s."
Disastrous Thunderstorms.
ThurrlTstcrrrss ar.d heat this week did
pre&t damag? :n the eastern provinces,
whore a number <~>f death? er» reported.
Ugbtnfnc killM fifteen persona ar.d fire
< "rruiTjed twenty larpe estates. A large
rL.-rr.ber cf soldiers v.cre s-jr.struck and
kiiled in Brur.Ff.ck. Pos-en and Breslau.
John P. Scusa has arrived here for an
other r.lne days* cor.cert at Kroll's Royal
Opera-hot: se.
General Ludlo-a-. with his aid de camp.
I^euter»ajit KaisT«?ad Eorey. has arrived
here for several weeks' study of the Ger
man general sxzff with a view of the cre
ation of a simHjir organization In the
TSr.fleO. States. General Ludlow says a bill
¦will be prepare?! introduction "in Con
rrejs or els* such an organization a? the
pcr.eral Ftaff will be ordered by the Pre^i
der:t. The Foreiga Office says all the de
tails in connection with the advance upon
Peking have b*er. left to the admirals
The Foreign Office understands that the
expedition arair.st Peking will move the
nidflia cf text week.
Copyright, 1S00. by Associated Tress.
PARIS. July 2S.— Yu Kens, the Chinese
Minister here* says he is convinced the le
gations in Peking are saXe and sound, al
though some buildings have been de
stroyed. While this convict:on is not
shared by the offlciai and poliucal world
here, dispatches received from the Far
East during the pas: week have raised
renewed hope that sorae. if not all, of the
members of the legations are still alive.
Minister Yu Keng thinks the silence of
the Ministers at Peking not so ominous
as it is considered abroad, and he asks
that China be given another nve days'
credit to produce authentic and satisrac*
tory news, of the legations or perhaps of
the Ministers themselves. He himself is
still in ignorance of the actual situation
in Peking, but concludes from dispatches
be nas received from the provincial Vice
roys ana from teiegrams asking for the
mediation of France that Emperor Kwang
Su and the Empress Dowager have the
upptr hand and that Prince Tuan has
bevn definitely mastered
••.Happily for my country and for the
foreigners"." he eaid. "Yung Lu and
Prince Chlng are, 1 believe, now in power.
ami this leaves me hopeful — even though
the presumption of the Ministers may
prove correct— that the legationers axe
still alive."
The feeling obtains here that this may
not eolve- the situation, and though alive
the Ministers are still probably held as
hostas^s. The equivocal declarations ol
Li Hung Chang have served to deepen the
Ceding of mistrust regarding all Chinese
aftirma.tlon arid information.
The Associated Press learns that the
foreign Governments Intend to disregard
Li Hung Chang's rwumrnendatiens— wnlch
they believe are made in bad faith— not
to march on Peking. On the contrary,
the international expedition will start
about the middle of next week, following
as closely as possible tue railroad. Little
aouot is "felt mat the Chinese Government
wiil hold the surviving European Minis
ters as a lever to secure better terms in
the final settlement, but in this they will
be disappointed, for the powers will exact
for this violation of international law even
a higher indemnity than they would have
demanded if the Ministers had been al
lowed to leave Peking of their own voli
tion.
Japanese Interference.
Meanwhile, negotiations are actively
proceeding between the powers and the
situation which will succeed the entry of
the international troops into Peking will
be awaited with the greatest anxiety. Al
ready things do not appear to be going
altogether smoothly at Tientsin and jeal
ousies are beginning to pop out that may
develop into a very serious disagreement
before long. The relations between Japan
and China which may eventuate from the
present trouble are being discussed in the
diplomatic world. Although the Japan
ese Minister here scouts the idea of any al
liance between China and Japan, tha
possibility of such a development is taken
into consideration by the foreign repre
sentatives.
The Emhassador of one of the great
powers, ailuding to the jealousies which
have already become perceptible, said:
"The moment is a critical one for the
white races in the Far East. To win they
must stand together. Japan at the pres
ent moment Is apparently with the West
ern powers, but it must be remembered
that although Japan, as a result of the
Chino-Japanese war and by reason of her
acquired civilization, looks down upon the
Chinese, still their many race affinities
and other ties between the two nations,
with Japan's ambition, may lead to a
coalition of the two srroat members of the
yellow race which would be fraught with
peril to the western world. China, under
Japan'* tutelage, would become a great
power with whom the European nations
might have graver problems than the par
celing out of her territory among them,
which has chiefly occupied them up to
the present. As Indicating the Russian
suspicion of such an eventuality. It Is
known here that Ru«sia is mobilizing 200,-
O/j men at Odessa for any emergency."
Attacks on Loubet.
The conflict between the Paris Munici
pal Council end the Ministry of M. Wal
deek-Rousseau is becoming serious. Pres
ident Loubtt is now Involved, as he was
obliged to refuse an Invitation to attend
a series of fetes to be given at the Hotel
de Vllle because the Ministry was not in
vited also. The protocol decrees that M.
Loubet shall not participate officially un
less he is accompanied by the Cabinet.
The Nationalist Councilors and party or
pans are furious apainst M. Loubet, de
spite the fact that he is helpless in tho
matter. This deadlock between the Paris
Council, the Cabinet and the Elysee must
eventually lead to difficulties, and in view
of the uncompromising attitude of both
si<1es it Is not easy to foresee the end.
Paris is still situated In a torrid zone,
although heavy etorms which have oc
curred in the north freshened the air
slightly toward the end of the week. The
heat s«Tit the death rate soaring, espe
cially among children. Many sunstrokes
occur daily, and the hospitals axe over
crowded with this class of patients,
thoujth 1200 cots were added to the various
hospitals. Horses suffered terribly, the
street car companies alone losing 12uO ani
mals. Owlnp to the shortage in the water
supply the house service in Paris is cut
off between 11 o'clock at nisrht and fl
o'clock in the morning, •while many resi
dents of upper stories are inconvenienced
by the intermittent service dvring the
day. which is Insufficient to meet the de
mands, and many restaurants even are
unable to obtain sufficient for their needs.
The hot weather has driven the American
colony to the seashore and mountains.
Nearly all the National Commissioners to
the exposition and their families have left
Paris tor a couple of months.
Mr. and Mrs. Potter Palmer are at St.
Moritz: Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young
have jjone to Oberairmergau and will aft
erward visit the Scottish lakes, and Mr.
an<l Mrs. Thomas F. "Walsh of Colorado
are visltinp Ostend.
Possibility of an Alliance Between
China and Japan Being Seriously
Considered by the Foreign
Bepresentatives.
Eastern Dispatches, How
ever, Give Scm- En
couragement.
FRANCE DOUBTS
THE WORDS OF
MINISTER YU
/THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
Small Attendance at the Church arid None of the
Members of the Groom's Family Witness
the Ceremony.
LADY RANDOLPH CHURCHILL
WEDS LIEUTENANT WEST
¦•'-' - t
23
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
<OQD MAKKIiT ST.— Actual imslness boek-
I-OO keeplnc; only expert accountants]
¦ nd reporters as teachers. Cress shortHand.
tha easiest, fastest and most readable. Da/
and eveclnjr.
AUSTIN'. Tex., July 28.— A flre. due to the
careless handling- of kerosene in starting: a fire,
destroyed the residence of Theodore Hacken-
burff. Haekenburc and his wife were fatally
burned. Property loss about $50,000.
Dependable Drugs
Electric
Belts and
Be cartful when you buy electric
belts and batteries. Don't pay ex-
} travagant prices — it fs not necessary.
1 The best electrical goods made are
I here. None better-^not even those
be so-called specialists.
Save you 75 per cent on thse goods.
Electric Belts $5
Electrk -belts— all sizes, ail kinds
for all d!se2ses for whfth electric-
Ity is ree© emended. Regular
price is $15.
Electric Insole 40c
Ffir cold feet,, rheumatism,, etc
Fit inside the shoes and come fn
jil contact wuMeet; re julsr price fi. '
Electric Battery $2.50
, In polished^mzhopar.y box; size
4* X3-X2i inches. Complete with '
all necessary ap pliances. Small,
handy, convenient and useful.
j Regular price J4.
Trusses $1.50
An expert and skillful tru»fitttr
I fits every truss we sell. A truss
that does not fit Is useless. Pri-
vate roam; men and women at-
tendants.
1 1t28 MABKCTST.,8. F.
(t^^^V* v TEt~ SOUTH 3Bft
tOrw «. BftOA-bwAYfrcuMAiN ««.)o*nLA»«o ,
UP AT TV<! "DTlQT"Kn?QQ PRT T Fflli 1
24 POST STREET, San Franeisco,
Estat>UsI»«<l o"r a third of a century: has <«.
I rational reputation, ana wu one of the f»w
ccbcols selected to represent th» development
<if commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion- over 17.000 graduates successfully app.y-
lnit their knowledse: 200 graduates asnuaily
Placed In position*; 25 teachers: open tha entlra
year; new gO-pace catalceua free.
ST.MARY'SCOLLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will b« resumed WEDXESDAT,
Aucust 1st. 1500.
BRO. EK^nXOLP, Prwiider.t.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
i FOB YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
¦ Separata Rooms. Gymnasluni. Military DrllZa
| Etc
CHRISTMAS TERM HEGIXS AUGTTST 14TH.
HEV. C. HITCHCOCK. PrlnclpaL
Miss Bead's School, Berkeley.
Boarding and Day School for Cllrls— XSS Chaa-»
clr.s way. Berkeley. Cal. Plea-ant horns life.
| !*r*^ sarden. pyrnnasium: accredited to Unlver-
! »ity of California. Stanford University. Vass.i?
¦ r.d Smith Colleges. Prospectus «ent OB ajjlica-
j tier.. Term opens Autust S. tMOL
ST. MATTHEW'S H1 S
FAX MATEO. CAL. For catalcgne aad illu*-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. DRE^TTrrt. A. B.. Rector.
POLYTECHNIC BB?L n ec s e s
Has the largest and best equipped department*
In the "West. Regular business ar.d shorthand
course. Students mav enter at any time. A!l
graduates ia ivsronpible positions. Free catrw
lograg. Oakland. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRA.XTS DIPIXJMAS AND CONFERS DE.
crees; seminary coarse accredited to th »
Universities; rare opportunities offered in mas!?.
• rt and elocution. Write for catalogue to VtR.-»,
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cat.
Thirty nftn year: fall term opens Aut. 8. MOO.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
S3 2 Montgomery at.. San Z^ranclsco. Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. ActaJoW.edsed]
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. »
MPVCOV crRf>AI opshorthasd. ttp.
HUnMlft btllCUL ING. nOOKKEEPIXO
A.ND SPANISH. Y. M. C. A. BId.p. Pay and
evening student* admitted f»r.y time. Le3soca
by mall. MRS. E. M. CARPENTER. succe*«i-
to M. E. Phillips.
NEWSPAPER Ratine
Illustration. PARTnCGTON"S resnTU'«» Angnst
I. Day and nisht classes. Apply K. I* PART.
IXGTOy. «4 Pine St.. S. F.
THE LYCEUM,
A N* ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOI*
*^ for the university, law and medical col.
leges: references. President Jordan or *sy
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
IEVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day scbool for ycus? ladles. 2121
California »C. will reopen Aufrust «. 1300. Ao-
credtted to tbe Uni-rersltlea: prlaiary <1eT>artn5«nt
for children: carrlare wtll call. REV. ED*
WARP B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to ths Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Uaivex*
«lty. Vasaar and Smith Collese«.
SARAH D. HAilUX. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. ha*
be«n removed to Irvlnetcn. Sits of nftr-ea
acres: remarkably b^autifal: clirnat* oasur-
passed. Inspection of buildings: and rroooda In-
vited. W. W. AM?EBSO>T. Prtnclpal.
BL'CUANAH BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacraments St
DDTTCLJITC for nAP.r.Er.s. bak.
ijrS U oXl-EiO ' r '- ! '''-'¦ '¦'¦ k4> bath "
***¦****• *"*• hrusea. btUtod tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-ir.akers. canaers.
dyers, flourmills, foundries. laundries, paper-
hansera, prtcters. painters. sh.->e factories. =:a-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, »a!'.ors. etc.
O B HP nnUH Comer Fnurtti and
Vali!W9Chfrokecl free.
w. NOW OPEN!
: The Almora,
.-ffirTl 1*— -~ -~J&. N>w!y and *!e S ar.t'.y
*jjj^^=5a^. a - furnished rccma.
tftiJjfi 1 1 * SKI Hi Single rooms, with
-W49 _* yds ***r* * tKiarrj. JC^per month ur>.
~ ; —¦.«.».- - -j__ suitf*. with board.
S-V. per raor.th np.
! DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Tronfcte Makes You Miserable
Almost everybody who reads ths new*,
papers is sura to kno-v cf ths wonderful
jj ,. — . cures mads by Dr.
' — -^i-Jr^ k Kilrr.er's Sxamp-Root, :
' J D^JV I ths great kidr.ey, liver
I E i^Jtr-T*/ li a - d kiadcer rcrr.edy. «
3t flfKyf ? -. It is ths great medl-
Jl rK |s/ . f^5 ca! triumph cf the nine-
|t\>l\ ir£^r c £? sr! dis ;
jj ' v \y, {¦<¦¦. cover ad atter years cf
• imf < iJePJ research by
! »rt fe- K5p\S Dr. KHmcr, ths emK
» - -*=LiS»^ - ' r - er^ kidney ar.d blad-
| — — •~* i^= c - • {J er specialist, and is
; wonderfully successful n promptly coring
I lirr.e back, kidn-y. b'adder. uric aci I trou-
bles and Bri^ht's Di:ciae. which iz ths vcrst
form cf kidr-.;y trouble.
Dr. Kilmers Swrmp-Rcct b net rec-
emmendedf or everything bttt if you havskid-
i ney, liver cr bladder trcub.e it v.-ill be fcurtd
just the remedy younssd. Uhss been tested
1 in so many ways, in hospital v.-ork, in private
' practice, among ths helpless too poor to pty-
1 chase relief and has proved n successful in
i every case that a special arrangement has
been mads by wbica all readers cf th:s paper
who have not already tried it, rr.ay have a
• sample bottle sent fros by rr.ai', aiso a boo!:
' telling mcrs about Swamp-Root and how to
i findcut if you have kidney cr bladder trouble.
• V/hen writing mention reading this generous
I offer in this paper ar.d ' f&X**-
| send your address to *S"i ! . J^JyjjjZtattiiV^St
! Dr. Kiimer t Co., Bin g- g^sr^ *33tejS
i harr.ton, N. Y. The
! regular fifty cent and Hone cf sira-^p-Rocs.
[ dollar sizes are sold by zll good drugjis*^
I DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Ue&lo Park. Cal. Sucerlor advantages for ths
CMI9 and tninlns of boys and youas men.
Charming surroundings, pert eet climate. Tou-.i»
year ttesl&a August 6. Send for catalogue.
IRA O. HOITT. Pi. D.. Principal.
'Oyj^.'.I- IMIslcI© Es;jpeoia,ll3r Tor
\9 : o : 6 o .) Hard wear* "
\\° On! I BOYS', 2\ to 5} .62-25
llV pc 'A YOUTHS 1 , 13' 2 to 2 S2.OO
I' 3 .'I LITTLE GENTS', 9 to 13 ...$1.75
U. ± . Ill Also a full line of Misses 1 and Child's.
¦2= ==rr^-Z^c\ Alu/ays Toys for Little* Folk.
%rj Kast's
Xlt/SLX 738-74O A\AF**CET STREET.Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 28.— There is to be a big manhunt in the wild re
glons of Graham County, and Sheriff Ben Clark Is leading the posses to the
round-up of the outlaws.
For years the Inaccessible portions of Graham County, notably along Eagle
Creek and Black River, the latter tho headwaters of Salt River, have been over
run by many gangs of lawless men. both Mexicans and whites. Chaceon, ac
cused of many murders and who broke Jail on the day preceding that appointed
for his execution at Solomon ville; the murderers of Olsen and Stewart and nu
merous other notorious desperadoes, are believed to be with the outlaw band.
About July 1 M. T. Wheeler and F. M. Howe left Morencia for an outing on
Eagle Creek. Failing to return, a searching party found their bodies, both shot
through the head. The searching party was held up by bad Mexicans, but re
leased when told they were hunting white men. Around Morenci, Clifton and
other towns are settlements of Mexicans, In which outlaws of that nationality,
when close pushed, find hiding places with their countrymen. Not long ago threa
Chinamen were killed for the purpose of robbery. So frequent have deeds of
outlawry become that peaceable citizens, having, to their knowledge, no enemies,
dislike to travel unarmed or without escort anywhere in the hills for fear of
violence. The officers have been vigilant, but the lawless element Is so numer
oub and well secreted that they have been unable to control the situation by
seeking out the perpetrators of Individual crimes.
Resolving that action is urgent. Sheriff Ben R. Clark went to Morenci this
week, where he organized a posse* to go Into the Eagle Creek district It Is the In
tention of these officers to round up every suspicious character in that section and
make him give an account of himself. It is hoped by this means they may be
able to find a clew tb the murderers of Howe and Wheeler. It Is understood that
Sheriff Clark went from Morenci to Globe, where he expected to organize another
posse to scout the. Black River country. Only by breaking up the well known
places of rendezvous can they hope to capture, the leaders of the outlaw gangs.
HUNTING KILLERS OF MEN
IN THE WILDS OF ARIZONA
OF LFTEEEST TO TH2 COAST.
Postoffice Changes and I/st of Pen-
sions Granted.
Bix'cial D'.spetch to The Cail.
WASHINGTON*. July 2S.-A postofuce
has been established at Prize. Colusa
County, and John Widderlck appointed
postmaster. The postofflce at Liberty,
Ixts Anerelos County, has been discontin
ued. Mail should be sent to Calabasas.
A rural free delivery was established Au
gust 15 at Fullerton, Orange County; Lodi,
San Joaquln County: North Ontario and
Ontario. San Bernardino County, Cal.
Pension? granted : CaJifornla, original —
Jcscph Rcinvllle. San Francisco. $*: Thorn
ton G. Porter, Tracy. $10. Increase—Wil
liam Yuhre. Lincoln. IS. War with Spain,
original — Rufus li. IJlume, San Krancisco,
Oregon, criminal— Valorus B. Coryell,
Gates. JO: Daniel DafTron. The Dalles, $8,
Increase— Alfred Van Camp. Bandon. $10.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July K.-The
steamer Cutch arrived this afternoon from
Skajruay. She had fifty Klondikers and
about a quarter of a million de-liars' worth
of gold dust on board. ¦ : -
Gold Commissioner E. C. Senkler. In
charge of the Government offices at Daw
son. who arrived on the Cutch, eald he
was free to state that he Intended to rec
ommend a reduction in the 10 per cent
royalty now being- collected on Yukon
g-old. He thought this should-be lowered
to 4 or I per cent, and he knew tiiat such
nction would be popular in the Yukon.
He Is now on his way to Ottawa to lay
this matter before the Government, and
•will return north In about six weeks.
Commissioner Senkier said that tho
clean-up this year would be about 52.000,
(Xa) moro than last year. He expected It
to fig-ure up to between $19,0*) .000 and $20.-
OOO.(M). The Gold Run clean-up was the
most conspicuous result of the season's
working. There was about $3,500,000 taken
oat as far as claim No. 35 above, and the
whole of the creek was a wonder. Bo
nanza and El Dorado had been almost
completely worked out in former seasons,
and they now were not giving large yields.
Sir. Senkler Bays that there is no neces
sity of reviving the story of last season
that Alex McDonald, the Klondike King,
Is bankrupt, because he is not; but it is a
fact that this year he has not made
money. On some claims, Mr. Senkler says,
McDonald obtained good clean-ups, but
he had heavy losses on other claims and
hla royalties were large. . As a result of
many losses his profits have been eaten
up and he has cleared little or no money
during the season. He is now disposing
of a large number of properties to sev
eral Knglish syndicates and seems to have
a decided idea that a narrowing of his
business Interests is desirable.
On the way up the Yukon Commissioner
Benkler saw the commencement of a new
stampede up the Stewart River. Two hun
dred and fifty men started out on the
night of July 19 for the upper, part of the
Stewart. The details were vague, but
men were said to be taking out SO centa to
the pan.
Just before Senkler left a young man
named Ransom 'was shot by one KinK, an
old man of 65 years, in a dispute about
some property. The old man was arrested
and taken to Dawson.
Mr. Senkler says there were in all but
two cases of smallpox at Dawson, and
they came from up-river, and not from
Nome, as was originally reported. There
had been no new cases for two weeks
before he left, and there was no fear of
an epidemic.
John Sarga. the murderer of Louis Bal
los at Dawson, July 2, 1899, has confessed
to the deed and says he shot Ballos six
times, but claims it was in self-defense.
He is a desperate criminal and several
times recently has attempted to escape.
Among the lucky "Dawson men on the
Cutch are Louis Lase and T. Venan of
San Francisco, who have about $100,000 be
tween them, the other passengers having
the remainder of the gold cargo In smaller
lots. -<r.
Bpecial Dispatch to the Call.
Gold Commissioner Senkler Is on His Wan to Ottawa to
Urge the Dominion Government to Complu With the
Request of the Men Who Dig the' Gold.
KLONDIKERS DEMAND
REDUCTION OF ROYALTY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 2S.— Had tho
Southern Pacific pay car left this city
for Placerville last night it probably
would have been wrecked at Manlove
switch, about eight miles east of Sacra
mento and its treasure made the booty of
robbers. Last evening George Harlow and
a man named Silva, living in the locality,
noticed from the target that the switch
had been thrown open. Any train which
might have come along the main track in
the direction of Folsom would have run
down a siding and crashed into a dozen
fruit cars awaiting loading at that point.
It happened that the paycar. after
settling with the several thousand em
ployes here, did not proceed to Placer
ville as usual, but left for Ogden.
SALINAS, July 28.— The identity of
those implicated in the attempted tra n.
wreck on the coast division of the South
ern Pacific Railroad at Soledad and Cam
phora on Wednesday and Thursday
nJphts Js yet a mystery. Sheriff Keefe
and deputy have been trying to ferret out
the affair, but thus far to no avail.- Sus
picion has fallen on several persons. The
tramp who was loitering around Soledad
and taken into custody will probably be
discharged soon as there is nothing to
Implicate him In the attempt at wreck
ing.
Switch at Manlove, Near Sac
ramento, Is Thrown Open,
but the Fact Is Dis
covered in Time.
TRAIN ROBBERS'
EFFORT TO WRECK
A PAY CAR FAILS
WANTS $6000 FOR LOSS
OF NOSE AND LIP
Silvio Magistocchi Begins Suit
Against Elia Genazzi for Having
* . Mutilated Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 23.— Silvio Magls- '
tocchl began miit to-day in the Superior
Court for $6000 against Ella Gcnnzzl for
personal Injuries received at tho hands
of the latter. <
On the. 18th of this month Magistocchl
appeared before Justice Rodden r > and
swore to a complaint charging Genazzi
with the crime of mayhem. He alleged
that. Genazzi had assaulted him at their
ranch at Salmon Creek and had bitten
off his nose and lip. The , complainant
had certainly lost thoso sections of his
face, and had also been otherwise mal
treated..
Magistocchi is at liberty, having depos
ited 51000 cash ball for his appearance at
the preliminary hearing, the date of
which has not been fixed.
MONTEREY IN LINE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, July 28.— An athletic club
has been organized In this city and arti
cles of incorporation have just been filed.
Tho club is organized for the purpose of
holding- athletic contests of various kinds,
but more especially boxing matches, and
will be carried on along the lines usually
adopted by similar organizations. The
new club has adopted the name of "Old
Capital Athletic Club." and has the fol
lowing board of directors: J. P. Sargent,
§ resident; J. H. Heron, first vice presl
ent; C. H. Lllllbridge, second vice presi
dent: J. Lackman, secretary; A. Gunzen
dorfer, treasurer.
Vicious Dog Attacks a Child.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 28.— C. Cook Blas
kower, the 7-year-old son of M. Blaskow
er, the well-known tobacco merchant of
San Francisco, was seriously bitten by a
vicious dog in this city to-day. The child
was playing in front of his home on Fifth
street when a large dog belonging to a
neighbor sprang at the boy. Before the
animal could be. driven away it inflicted
many ugly gashes on the boy's legs and
arms. The child is confined to bed. City
Marshal Healy this morning shot the dog.
Monterey County Farmers' Institute.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, July 28.— The annual
Monterey County Farmers' Institute will
be held in this city on August 8 and 9 in
clusive, and promises to be of unusual in
terest. Edward Berwick, a prominent
fruit grower of Carmel Valley, will act
as chairman of the Institute, and papers
will be read by Professors Douglass T.
Fowler and H. Jaffa o? the University of
California and T. W. Cowan, F. L. S., etc.,
chairman of the celebrated British Bee
keepers' Association.
Two Men Killed on the Track.
SACRAMENTO. July 2S.-Charles Pen
ny, a section foreman at Arcade, In this
county,- was killed at an early hour this
morning by a west-bound passenger train
while patrolling the track near Arcade.
Penny leaves a wife and live children.
RED BLUFF, July 28.— Last nlghl
James Griffin, a laborer, was instajitly
killed at the railway station, while at
tempting to cross in front of a switch
engine. Griffln was unmarried and aged
45 years. v^»?; ;
GEORGE W. LANGRIDGE OF STOCKTON.
STOCKTON, July 28.— George W. Langridge. who has been appointed by Gov
ernor Gage as a member of the board of managers of the State Hospital
for the Insane in this city. Is an aggressive and stanch Republican. Al
though an active worker in the party ranks for fifteen years, Mr. L*n
grldge has never held office. His irlends were anxious that he go upon the
board", but it Is said that he did not personally make application for the place.
Mr. Langrldge is one of the leading merchants of the city and has been identi
fied with most progressive movements. He had the unanimous Indorsement of tha
county committee for the placo.
Special Dispatch, to Tlie Call.
Bpecial Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, July 28.— The lair of the
famous wild man of Mount Tamalpals has
In all probability been discovered by Dep
uty Sheriff Edward Watson, who is em
ployed as a watchman on the mountain.
Watson reports that he discovered by the
merest accident a brush cabin in one of
tho brushlest and most inaccessible can
yons of the mountain.
Borne days ago while riding: up the road
he went out on a small ridgo to get a bet
ter view of the country, when he noticed
what appeared to be a well-beaten trail
leading into the gulch. Tying his horse,
he darted to investigate. The trail zig
zagged in & bewildering manner for a con
siderable distance, then it led across and
over a ledge of rocks, at the foot of which
was. a small- flat, or bench, twenty or
thirty feet square. Under a large moun
tain oak in the upper end of the clearing
was a neatly built brush house, construct
ed something on the plan of an Indian
basket. In the cabin was a rude bunk
made of poles: It was covered with a
layer of leaves and dirt to a depth of sev
eral inches. Watson's attention was im
mediately attracted to a large dirk knife,
which had been driven to its hilt in the
covering and in the center of the bed. He
carried this weapon away with him as a
relic.
Lying scattered about the ground near
the hut were many pieces of wearing ap
parel, they having evidently been cut or
torn to shreds, a few old cans and feath
ers from bluejays and woodpeckers.
It is very unlikely that any hunter
would locate In so inhospitable a place,
end. besides, the variety of birds evident
ly killed or trapped by the occupant were
not such as tire usually considered edible.
Borne months ago rumors of a wild man
en the mountain were current, but they
were generally disbelieved. The present
find of "Watson gives color to the story.
If the wild man still lives he has certainly
removed his hiding place to some more
secluded nook.
Cleverly Built Shelter
Abandoned by a
Hermit.
CABIN IN A GULCH
Queer. Find of Marin
County Deputy
Sheriff.
WILD MAN'S
LAIR UP ON
TAMALPAIS
HOLDS HIS FIRST
PUBLIC OFFICE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIili, SUNDAY, JTTIiY 29, .. 1900.
Special Dispatch to The Call. "•>.¦
VICTORIA. B. C, July 28.— Hermann
Bloomlngdale, formerly of San Francisco,
where his nieces, Mrs. Kline and Freda,
Josie and Bertha Bloomingdale, ars now
residing, and where Mrs. Seellg, another
niece, relict of H. D. Seelig, who com
mitted suicide here two months ago, was
shortly to have gone, was found dead in
one of the bath rooms of the Driard Hotel
this morning: with a bullet In his brain
and a revolver lying at his side.
He had been ailing:, for tome time past
and so severe had his malady— neuralgia
of the heart— become that hfs life was one
almost constant suffering. This led him
to commit suicide. • ¦
Bloomingdale was at one time a prom
inent figure In business circles on the
Pacific Coast He was formerly In busi
ness in San Francisco with his brother
and afterward represented Strauss & Co.
In London. He was until a short time ago
local manager for the last mentioned firm.
A short time aeo he returned here from
California, the climate here being more
suitable for him. He was about 60 years
of age and unmarried.;,- .•
Hermann Bloomingdale, For
merly of San Francisco,
Shoots Himself in a
Hotel at Victoria.
PREFERS DEATH
TO TORTURES DUE
TO NEURALGIA
SHANGHAI. July 28.— It is reported here
that nine members of the China ' Inland
Mission have been massacred near Chang
chow.
Three Trarships arrived to-day. There
are now- 2500 troops , at* "Woosung forts,
seventeen miles from* Shanghai on tho
Yangtze. Three thousand troops are
now at the arsenal. . Small detachments
are arriving hourly. Canton is reported
quiet*
MASSACRE OF NINE
WHITES NEAR CHANGCHOW
Democrats "Want Rush.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 28.— If those at
present in control of the Democratic ma
chine in this county caji bring, it about,
the party's Congressional nominee In the
Sixth District will be Judson R. Rush. The
¦word has been passed down the line that
the I-os Angeles primaries must be. car
ried for Hush.
BRIEF COAST NEWS.
LOXG BEACH. Cal., July 28.— At the election
held here to-day for the purpose of l»sulnR
$12,000 school bonds the proposition carried al
most unanimously, only 19 votes being cast
against the Issue. sr- < V-V ¦¦¦
BA.VTA CRUZ, July 28.— Fire this afternoon
in Munson's feed yard caused a loss of fHOO.
Two horses and a wagon belonging to B. Mak
lowltz of Oakland were burned. Cause— Small
boy and a. ciearette.
JACKSON. July 28.— At the South Eureka
mine, between here and Sutter Creek, two
Italian miners— Abondlo Gattanlni and one
whose name could not be learned — were caught
by n. cave-In this mornlnir and crushed to
death. This accident make* four lives lost in
the South Eureka mine within a few weeks.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 28.— The twenty-fir«t
annual assembly of the Pacific Coast Chau
tauqua closed lt«t two weeks' session to-nlcht.
HOU3H0OK. Ariz.. July 28.-EH M. Savage,
Bishop of the Mormon Church at Woodruff,
Ariz., arrested an a charge of polygamy and
taken to Prescott, was released on $1500 ball.
Nev., July 28.— The Republican
State Central Committee held a meeting in this
city to-day to name the place and time of hold-
In* the State convention. Virginia City was
chown as the place and August 30 as the date
The basis of reDresentatlon was nxed as fol
lows: Two debates at large for each county,
and one delegate for each fifty votes or any
fraction thereof, not less than twenty-five cast
for the Hon. William McMillan for Governor.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— Jose Mendoza, a
prisoner, attempted to escape • from Officer
BridKewater this morning. Mendoza had Just
served a sentence of ten' days In the County
Jail and Bridsrewater came to this city to taJt»
Mendoza to Watsonvtlle, where he wu wanted
for assault on a woman. He was handcuffed
and Just before reaching Aptos, became unl
ruly and rising In his seat, he suddenly plunged
head and shoulders through the car window
but was caught and pulled back. Mendoza has
served Innumerable sentences In the County
Jail and also a term in San Quentln.
War with Spain, original— John F. Crider,
Portland. $6.
Washington, original— Cash W. John
ston. Spokane, $S; Jonathan Willard, Seat
tle, $6.
The preliminary report of the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue for the fiscal
year, ending June 30. shows the total re
ceipts to be $295,316,103; increase over pre
vious year, $21,831,534.
It Is So Ordered by the Proclamation
SEPTEMBER 11 WILL
BE A LEGAL HOLIDAY
Issued by the Governor of
' California. '
SACRAMEXTO, July 28. — Governor
Gage has Issued a proclamation declaring
Tuesday, September 11, a legal holiday In
addition to Admission day.
FBEAE OF A LUNATIC.
Northbound Passenger Tries to Kiss
the Women Travelers.
SACRAMEXTO. July 2S.— J. E. Xeede, a
passenger on the Oregon express bound
for Portland, went Insane last night and
attempted to kiss all the women in the
tourist car. When the women protested
he got angry and left the train at Slma,
SlFkiyou County, and struck off into the
woods. Orders have been given for men
to eearch for Neede,
San Jose Millworkers Organize.
SAN JOSE. July 28.-The mlllworkers
of San Jose and Santa Clara met to-night
and eff>cte<J a temporary organization, by
virtue of which they come under the su
pervision of the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners. IL M. Saunders.
district organizer, and J. P. Horgan of
the District Council of Carpenters of San
Francisco were at the meeting. ¦ There
will be no demand for an increase of
¦wages, but aji effort to procure an eight
hour day will, be vigorously, proeacuted.
This will be resisted by the mill owners.
Flames Threaten a Watershed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 2S.-A special
from Martin's Camp, Mount Wilson, to
day says: "At last the fire in the big
Santa Anita Canyon appears to be under
control. Strenuous efforts are being made
to prevent the tire's gpread into Eaton
Canyon. This canyon Is the principal
watershed from which Pasadena receives
its water supply and the destruction of
the timber in it would be a great blow to
that city-, _
Sues A. and P. Rail-way for Taxes.
SACRAMENTO. July 28.— To-nig:ht the
Attorney General filed an amended com
plaint against the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company for delinquent taxes of
1897.
24
t s^r^se The Grand Final of the uJiTSK* I
J; 1 2c a Pair. Finish j£
I mm Greatest of Clearance Sales ..Sfi I
-Et Fine <Y«' ton , H°se. ex- TITESDAT wlH witness the end <rf one of the moat successful Sales In our his- 35J. 1 ? to close 11^ *£*
•? d^ub'eWaVs. tlzee i to t^T- THE SELXJNO AT THIS SALE has been something extraordinary and we in- -
*. "or 1^ pilr I tend to break all records MONDAY and TUESDAY, the last days of THE SALE. 23c Each. *§?
Unmatchable Silk Offerings. Extraordinary Dress Goods Values.
-Si. VThen you consider the many thousands of yards of FOU- Noveltv MatelaSSQ ET i\ YARD — A manufacturer
f? UiRiyS and NOVELTY SILKS sold by \xm durtngr the most pop- " ' . V " ", Vl JT| I B f* sacrificed them. They are
*V ular silk season. It Is easy to understand that there should be an SuitinQS, Worth OOC, \J\J.\J the most effective styles •»•
accumulation of an almost limitless assortment of these desirable «* ' ind weaves. 38 Inches wide,
•- Bilks Eat we are determined not to carry a g'.njtle yard over to finished with an overshot effect. In colors of navy, brown, PS||r» <•§»
another eeason, therefore this extraordinary price cutting. new blue, red. purple, well worth 85c yd. To dose.. Yard Www -•
* H J^ N c° Vel X S A k n' V ! Orlh 87 C - A^--;4- Basket Weave .Home- CHpSr^K J
Jfe $1.75 and $1.50, for \J I \J * te high grade Nov- spyn W or ffj §5 c O\J\J goods offer we have made *§•
•gf r elty Silks, this sea- f ' ' for a Ions time. Every
son"B best Fo3Iln»r rty\pf> and woaves. In beautiful color combl- j. ar a positively worth E5c. "Werranted all wool. In desirable col- £5»
*O>t nations, that readily Foid for Jl 75 and tl 50 a jard. To O'T'f ors of brown, castor, navy, garnet, green and gray. To Cflr» 7m
£ <-ios<« Yard o * w cloge Yard gyt «ji
Black Firurpd Taffeta f V 0 -. VARD-An exceptional- ;*
I %£f'i,7o d . Tam " 55c SsSs-H cT, $2,50 Black Crepons ¦=,' $1-50 Yd. *
¦**+ rUrty cf very pretty and neat deslrns, rultable for dresses PJK/-» >•
*: end waists, always sold at $1 00. To close Yard OrJV* They go on sale to-morrow at a price that will make thlo un- ,j>_
"^* nk~;~ n tr-iL-ii *-' W-^jl mr *-^ YARD — TTils ttuon'i paralleled bargain event memorable to those who are fortunate *y
Jf ChOICe Foulards, Worth Krii*> be-t selling styles 2" enough to be among Monday's Black Goods buyers. We have -
«5i tl O'i nnrl t1 flfi ClJ \J Lf nH r: Jnrh»« wl'rte— taken this season's most effective and stunningly stylish creations ty
*J? $1.25 and $1.00, WKJ ar.d g 27 wjd a e- of B
«£¦(. »p!fl hunflred? of dresses and which always commanded tl 00 and ported to Bell at J2 Ji. and off«r them, your choice vy
*• S13« yard: In colors of navy, brown, heliotrope, gray, cadet and «
black ar.d white. In choice designs. To close < .gQ c 81.50 YaPCl. *
: *
«£ Lace Record-Breaking Wash Goods Sales Muslin +§?
•• Ail.Ovpnc Reductions made when assortments are broken and desirable llnH^PW^flP i2>
/ill'U^CIO. styles and colorinss are gone do not much benefit the public: UIIUC1 WCal • »J»
'<%%& S A'SJ I faV^or^are^y^ie aul
t iSSt ¦•Ilia*. Thejl murt be •*** °* r d«P*rtment la always crowded. EOod stylea Unde rmurttaa, A
7 SSrUSSL t A°tSri^r m ior I5c Corded Batiste for 7^c a Yard. 98 E ACH- L adie. Kimt J
-* " This offer will prove th« hit cf the season. We secured .2°Ti D "- A .?"„.- «, m J
OK^ YAni>-Venls« All- from on Importer 9000 yards of bright, crispy, fresh and beau- e "^ t h ; d e " e^X r y ™a^e of A
-ZOC Overs. IS inches wide, tlful. flne Corded Datlste that we will offer at just one-half P.£"T t £ em , t , !?/,„. ry vJ5?x?,i,,«
*^ pretty patterns; former price, price. Considering the Immensity of this purchase and the late- ., ~ Muslln - KOOa \aiu«,
JSl toe. nmi of the i>?u>on quick d!spo«!al must be made of It. Choice ? 1 -- 0 ' +*»
~iC stvlpg In stripes and scroll deslrns, clear and effective coloring" 4Q/» PAIR — Ladle o* 7Z
JT. tZClr YARD— Duchess* All- ,,f blue, pink, lavender, now blue ar.d black and white. »71 r T"OW Drawers, wltB hem- <§»
Wl/W Overs. IS Inches wide. 60 ij regularly at 13c a yard. To close at Yard C 2v stitching and lace trimming. |*
jh. FT.V.lsh designs; former price. - , p. pl . n l a The very b*st quality 3S-inch Percale, all Pxtra flne flnlsh : wel1 worth ""• W»
*? ll °°- JO " //7C7/ ' rorca ' c ' desirable patterns nnd In the best colorings. OC-, EACH— Corset Covers, "*
•i r* «~ — TARn r u «t.r Tuck- /?' C Yard warranted fast colors, the kind that usually OOW the best style*. 4i»
"T? ZDC i-^c'^u inches wide 3 "-T* fells at ll^c yard. To close Ol/> trimmed with embroidery and "*
Jfr n^at patterns™ Conner price! Yard O3^ lace, all sizes; worth 50c. ,£2.
<& C5c yard. Of)n nimitia* Exquisite desisrrs In scrolls and etrlpes. in the _____ jt
_f-_ _ ',;_-¦_ T1 _ £UG jJimnies bp . t q uaMt y Dellast Dimity, absolutely fast *2»
» 8C \ AUP T -^ «V n SJn« 12C Yard. colon, in pretty colorings of pink. blue, lav- | .wlf-cJ T
OW ebon La.-es in edgings * *¦<' #c/u. b[ack and w etc %he . gy L.aCJieS ¦ A
* & SpteJFTjSfc »»^« ......^........^ ... Yard 1JC Sh . rt Wa , st *
* SS£/z-3S^^?S3.^ Great Offering in Turkish Towels. ,_.« k . g surpMgIng WaIst *
_»1 1O 1 /- EACH-60 dozen Bleached Turkish Towels, size 1Sx40. selling will be intensified by the iZ,
,& IZ^t good quality; regular value 20c. addition of many hundreds of
«& r\n£* ekirt that we eoM at $150. " J • w * u worxn c - • quisite embroidery insertion, the *2T
** The remainder for Mor.day and O__L/-» E^VCH— 75 dozen Bleached Turkish Towels, size 22x54, latent make. In all sizes; Waists ~%
JSl. Xut-sdav OCr» — ST"** extra he«%-j-. yet soft; cannot be duplicated for less that s->ld for $1.75 and QC ?$•
£} Kach i/O^" than S5s each. J1.50. To clc*e Each tTOt "jL
V COUNTRY OhDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ~
t.1 1 f!. k : g^ssfy'yjsy J-triT^HH ATsl^) COR- i^»
Ko.T. 10c yd; worth 23o t^^?j*^ *"^t^ VT^*j|Q^— V^*^^^ quality ...Yard tv< *5T
'•3* J T7 '^~ • +5r
ADVEKTISEME33TS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
BOYS' AND GIRLS' SCHOOL
We Have the Largest and Best
1 Stock of Boys* and Girls' School
Shoes en the Pacific Coast.
The great advantage in buying at otxr
house is you can get all sizes, widths
and styles.
We have just received a carload of
boys' school shoes, known as
"THE DEFENDER."
These shoes w« have had mads
specially for durability, and we guaraiv-
tee every pair. They are actually worth
$3.50 a pair for wear, but as we expect
to sell tons of
"THE DEFENDERS"
We will make the prices— 7
Sizes 11 to 2, S1.50.
Sizes 21 to 5£, SI. 75.
It is a usual expression to fceaf
fathers and mothers say, "My boy wean
out four pairs of shoes to my one. r*ow
if you buy our
"BOYS' DEFENDERS"
You won't have that to say any more.
If you want cheaper ehoes than Th«
Defender." we've sot them:
Sizes II to 2, 91.25.
Sizes 2# to S l A. ? 1 ' S0 -
GIRLS' SCHOOL SHOES.
Children's "end misses' very finest «raat«
Ity heavy vlci kid or extra quality titan
calf lace shoes, latest Ktyle coin to*, extra,
polld soles, stitched edges, best wearing
elrla' shoes made:
Sizes 8 to II. $1.50.
Sizes nH to 2, $1.75.
FOR CHEAPER SHOE9, extra qualttf
Dongola kid. button or lace, solid soles,
coin toe, patent leather tips:
Sizes 5 to 8, 90c.
Sizes 8Vi to II, $1.00.
Sizes 1 1 Vi to 2. $1.25.
CUT THIS OUT AND SAVE IT TO ORDER Bf
Bear In mln<5 we keep the finest «hoe«
in the United States. All goods marked
down to net cash prices. Goods charged
will be 25 per cent extra.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
N0LAN~l3R0S.,
812-814 Market Street,
Phelan Building.
4 Quart Bottles, $3?9
Express Chvres Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAZ. OR
family use. We give 70a the benefit of tb*
middlemen's profit; bealdej. you are guaranteed
the certainty of
BOP PURE WHISKEY
Kothlcs oa case to indicate contents, llonay
refunded If not satisfactory. Twlc« tb* prlc*
could buy no better. Reference, aay kasi&aM
firm and commercial agencies.
F, EPHRAIM & CO.. Distiller*' Agcota,
IS Montftoms ry St., S. P.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colocy Vineyard Co.. Xoo.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
DR. BALL'S RELNYIG0RAT0RS3B3J
Five hundred reward for any %dtffi"'i£iXl
ease we cannot cure. This secret tf— B ££4
.•meily stops all losses in 24 hours.
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- ffl9 RWB
cocele, Gonorrhoea, <.;!m Fits W*
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all JiU ijlL
Wiistinff erTecta of se!r-at.us.» or M»O &&¦'
excesses. Sent sealed. tZ b.itt!»-; 3 g>j£*T*TC?
bottles, $3: guaranteed to cure any cn*e. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. W
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases qulcklr
cured. Send for fre« book. V«
Weak Men and Women
fiHOCLD 13E DAJIUSA BITTERS. THE
'-' great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. $13 Market.
gn CHICHMTER'8 EPiaUSH
PEKHVROYflL PILLS
a KC1> Ml (ioM «et»aia boxe. .S3
T*\ — -^'fa^J »lth blo« ribhon. Taka bo other. ReftiM
\ I, fW tloB». Buy of ,<wr Ot». t ,,i or -b4 +*7ia
I « «»>»P» «*>r Partlealm— >. l>«tl— ionl.1.
A/V/t' _ t«« Wall. l«.««.aT..,i_oni_.,. 8,Idb^
tTorvcs f»o chy.
Fuccewsor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very nuccens-
ful practtc* of many y«>ars in
China, has loca.t?<l la S-ia
Krancisc-o. The surprising and
marvelous cures •ITt>rte<l by
his herb* demonstrate thnlr
poter.ee ami hts skill. The**
herbs euro over 4O) dlffer»nt
diseases. including Rrt«ht"»
Dly^ase. Diabetes". Consump-
tion. Asthmn. Paralytls,
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood, Mam
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever axe In-
vited to call. On«, 727 -Washington »t. OCT-w
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m., 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
10 a. m. to 13 m. Accept grateful thanks for
effecting 1 a cure of asthma of sevtral years*
Standing. A. DAKLEY. Sao Rafael.
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALrTYforMEN
MORMOS BISHOP'S FT1X3
have been In uia over fifty
years by th« leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases la old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-srnoklnsr. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, - Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. I-ame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, rnntness to 3Iar-
ry. Loss cf Semen. /— — Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops na *^ g J nous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effect* J^H.-^^ ar a lmmediat».
Impart \-igor and *- c •¦ * ~ potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box: 6 for $2 10 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco, Cal., GIIAXT DRUCJ CO-
2S and 40 Third it.
/f^\ SI RICTLY RELIABLE.
C3 Dr. Talcott
IiSP* & Co
Practice Confined
\T 1\ Pyl U to Disorders of
\ 1 1/ the Male.
IX THE VARIOUS FORMS OF GENERAL,
debility, and ronvalwcenoe following certain
dscasen, Fuch is the lowered standard of the
x'ltal pr<yf > F^ps that the function of no organ is
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
preeMcn the patient ha« a REAL, weakness.
vTie phyclcian'n flret Uiought. under these con-
<31t!onr, is nene and other tonics.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms!
By far the p-cater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness" U
Jun etched by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we flnd a Prostate Gland which hai.
been fiarr.aged by either a contracted disorder
or «arly dissipation. The»ie patients have no
weakn.-ss et all. PrematureneES. Loes of Vital-
ity, etc., s.n • the sj— nptoms. or dlwjrdered func-
tion, of the chronically Inflamed prostate gland.
"We fln<I fcy curln? this Inflammation that full
vigor at once returns. It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc., mirht cure a real
wetknecs. but would do harm In inflammation.
The main object Is to reduce the sire of the
tender, swollen s.nd Inflamed prostate. This we
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding
firurs. Men who have unsvccessfully treated
fcr a wetkneas should now understand the
csure of failure. We e»nd free on application a
colored chart of the organs which will be found
useful in home diagnosis and interesting to all
\rlEhlng to etudy the anatomy cf the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth;
AW& iSwB*/ -£Si Any SuJfcrcr* Cnn U«c Dr. McLnu^hlin's
\ #] .Pi Electric Belt and Pay When Cured.
i A'j^^^^^^^^r^^-^A «n t^aTAh^mat^^^
i \%&r^ i/i \ VK 4 or liver trouble, can have my grand life-giving Electric BelU an.l if it
\ EJgL. r . r isk. , Sjs »< 3 d0PS not cure aft(T u8m S as I direct they need nr.t pay for it I hav?
\ JJmS^^^^^' : 'f&Wfo?^&' ; 3 .confidence In my Electric Kelt.; and knowing what It will do I 'am
5 =^^ r = 1; k^^^^^&f^^W willing to let every one use it who will secure me and
'{ '¦l^&y' My Electric Belt is a positive cure for wpaknoss of even- kind In
5 (gyllJlMWl>Wilffi| i*T 1 Wtg&& JWW& - """ an<1 Wf >nien. It Rives the vitalizing: power of electricfty .itrect
5 teeXm BHHwES=^^ fSSS?* JKS3Bea&rS&iP7 developinc \.\\- full natural FtrrnEth and removini; th<» cause ,,r <1's»ase'
6 %HBHRffi»«y l w »nt every one who lacks the strength they should possess to 'use It
', f^Sf^^^mS^^^^^^^U rmMl&fSNsi^ and t0 te " thelr frlends oi lts surprising effects.
I THE ¦•PROOF OF- CURE.
J *. VJj0§?jtB" ' * UrJrSfirv^C \ have been tolling the render?" of this paper for months that mv
k ' ¦- \t '¦¦":"¦ ¦ Belt will cure certain ulgjaseg. Thousands have believed my worJ
> RPAD THIS TESTIMONY. accepted my terms and are now cured. Read "What the Cured Say.' ;
< KEAU 1 mo 1 co 1 imvf.^ i. They are Bamp ies of thojsands of letters received within the la«t lew
i I have used your Electric Belt for the past two months, months now on me at my office.
J writes Mr. A. Andrews of 1611 Tonquin street, San Fran- CALL TO-DAY
\ Cisco, Cal.. and it has entirely relieved me of rheumatism. And , et me prove to you that my appliances are best m the world
Z Not Only that, but it has improved my general health to Let me show you hundreds of eases where they have taken the place
I such an extent that I feel better and stronger than / hare f^ c ,T'o'^ c T^1"^^ JS^biSSr't'S %£"* priee " and
t for years. My age it fifty-S&ven. I Will take great U you nf»<l aid <-t are wearing any old-style Belt, which burns
pleasure in recommending your Treatment to all who suf. gr , J^.
fer as I aid. ¦ . . my story honestly and gives further proofs of cure. Sent, sealed free.
! or ma Mclaughlin ¦^3 M ) r5 affis^r8s. K isB!s ¦
\ J-/JL1* 1TJL» Jrl.» llL\jMmJJt\.\J \J HiJlli 9 and Seoond Streets. Los Angeles.Inspection of American Dried
Fruits Dispensed
With. -
GERMANY NO
LONGER FEARS
SAN JOSE SCALE
May Not. Cut Off Christie-Street Com
mission Company From Uarket
Quotations.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., July 2S.-On appli
cation of C. C. Christie, president of th«
Christie - Street Commission Company,
through hl3 attorneys. Harkless. O'Grady
& Cryster, Judge John W. Henry of the
Circuit Court In chambers to-day granted
an injunction ejecting the Western Colon
Telegraph Company from entering into
any arrangement or commission with the
Board of Trade of Chicago or of any
of it3 members or representatives to cut
off or prohibit the Christie-Street Com
mission Company from receiving- the
market quotations of the Board of Trade
of Chicago as they are transmitted over
its - lines.
The principal grounds on which they
seek the injunction are: 'That the mar
ket quotations of Chicago are public
property, and the court3 have held that
they are impressed with a public Interest
and when sent over the wires or placed
upon the wires that every person who
pays for same has a right to them."
Service was made returnable ca Satur
day, August 4. •
San Jose Shocked.
SAN JOSE. July 28.— There was a «Ught
but distinct shock of earthquake here at
12:23 to-day. It was felt ia all parts o*
tha tows, »
INJUNCTION AGAINST
THE WESTERN UNION
FOOD FOB THE STARVING.
Arrives at Bombay.
Steamer Quito, Laden *With Corn,
WASHINGTON. July 2S.— The State De
partment has received word from William
T. Fee. United States Consul at Bom
bay. India, reporting the arrival at that
port on June 25 of the steamship Quito,
with 5'»0 toys of corn, <*intributed by the
people of America for the relief of the
famine fujCcrers.
The cargo was unloaded by the New
York Christian Herald Famine Relief
Committee in India, and has been sent by
railroa'? to the main centers of Central
India, and from there to small centers
throughout the famine districts, where it
Js doled out to the needy individuals by
organizations under- the control of the
committee. '_
Harris Once. a Minister.
Special DI*r*tch to The Call
SALINAS, July 2S.— Dr. Alexander T.
Harris, who committed suicide yesterday,
was at one time a minister of the Camp
beliite denomination. A message was re
ceived to-day from Wayne Harris, son of
the dead man. now in a San Francisco
jail for killing a boy. saying that he be
lieved his father killed himself because of
thp trouble. He also said his father's rel
atives were living in Little Rock. Ark.,
and that the doctor was a Mason. >
Coroner Muller sent messages to the
Masonic lodge at Red Bluff and to Ar
kansas relatives, notifying them of Har
ris' death. No replies have been received
to either of the -messages, but an investi
gation by the Masons has revealed the
fact that Harris was a demitted member
of the order. The body Is still at the
Morcue. ¦
canteen, system in the camjps of the- United
Motto of the Organization Changed
on Suggestion of Rev. McKenzie
Clelland.
DENVER, July 28.— Presentation of ban
ners was the feature of the forenoon ses
sion to-day of the Young, People's Chris
tian Union of the United Presbyterian
and Associated Reformed Presbyterian
churches. The banner to the presbytery
having the largest number of delegates
at the convention was awarded to the
Monmouth, 111- presbytery, which is rep
resented by eighty-three delegates. Coo
ner Memorial College of Sterling, Kans..
Secured the banner for the largest col
lesre representation and the Tennessee
nresbvtery the banner for the largest per
centage of increase in the membership
of the Junior Young People's Christian
Union. The followinc committees were
C General committee— Rev. S. W. Reed,
Louisville. Ky.; S. S. Mehard,' Mercer, Pa.;
E. j Gillis, Omaha. Neb.; Professor J. G.
Thompson, Sterling;. Kans.; Dr. L S.
Campbell. Akron. Ohio. -
Tithe committee— Dr. J. C. Skowler,
Philadelphia, secretary: Miss Margaret J.
Brown. Greenville, Pa.: Miss Lena F.
Barr, Philadelphia.
The committee on reforms reported res
olutions, which were adopted, favoring
Sabbath observance, urging young people
to abstain from the use of tobacco and
advocating: prohibition of the liquor traf
fic. The resolutions further declare: "
"We lament the establishment of the
BANNERS TO. CHRISTIAN
UNION PRESBYTERIES
Boards of Trade, and it was finally estab
lished beyond contravention that the San
Jose scale, even if present In American
fruit originally, soon died and always is
inert and harmless before It crosses the
ocean.
LONDON. July 28.— The hospital ship
Maine committee has received a dona
tion of* 55000 from Mrs. Alfred Corning
Clark of New York, with a request that it
be used for the relief of the Ninth United
States Infantry sick and wounded. An
other subscription of $1000 from an anony
mous source brings the total since July 12
to about"£14G0. Now that the United
States' wounded in China will come in the
share of aid given by the Maine the la
dies' committee feel " assured that the
project will appeal more than. ever, to
American* ._ _
HOSPITAL* SHIP MAINE
FUND GROWS RAPIDLY
Rev. A. C. Douglas of Des Moines, Iowa,
addressed the convention to-night upon
the subject, "The Twentieth Century and
Temperance." \
States army and along with thousands of
other Christian people of the land we
deprecate with earnest feeling the official
action in regard to the canteen that not
only disregarded the moral interests of
our brave soldiery but practically nullified
the will of the people, as formally and
authoritatively expressed in the law of
Congress."
Rev. McKenzie Clelland of Chicago of
fered a resolution recommending that the
motto "God Whose I Am and Who I
Serve" be adopted in place of the union's
motto. "Whose We Are and Whom We
Serve," which he characterized as un
grammatical. meaningless, godless and "a
perversion of the Holy Scriptures." The
resolution was unanimously adopted and
the question is. thus referred to the Gen
eral Synod of the United Presbyterian
church.
prur.f-s:
"I. There will be two c!&ss«s of graded
prunes. d>Fifrnat«I as 'iiret Quality' and
"fe^ond quality.'
"2. No prunes wiil be received as first
quality unless thoroughly cured and free
frcrn cracked, immature or otherwise de
fective or iiriperfect fruit.
'3. All fruit delivered at the warehouses
containing- unripe, cracked or otherwise
defective fruit will be designated as sec
ond quality.
"It is important, therefore* that even 1
grower should remove all blighted or im
perfect prunes from the ground before
lilt: rim ricking: also that he insist upon
tie fruit trees not being- shaken until the
:*.« p'.ckir:?. as jrreen fruit is sure to fall
with the ripe, and its mixture with fruit
ui better quality will reduce the latter to
the second Quality- The management sug
gjpf's thru cracked or otherwise imperfect
fruit be separated" from that of the first
quality at the time of the picking. In
c^rt it is overlooked, then it should be
picked from the trees before the fruit is
placed in boxes or sacks,
"The association will incur considerable
«xpense with a view to securing a per
fect inspection of the fruit delivered at
the warehouses. In no other way can the
b«*t price be obtained, ar.d In no other
rjanr.er can the association establish a
fcrinfl that will have a commercial value.
Any attempt, therefore, on the part of the
crotver to mix poor fruit with good will
l»*v!ta.bly result in pecuniary loss to him
self by reason of the lower price obtained
lor the infe-rier quality.
"The management earnestly requests
*vcry member to give this matter careful
£.tt*fition to the en3 that he may not be
Clsappcinted when his fruit Js inspected,
and that he may assist the association in
establishing a high character for its pack.
"No fruit will be received at the ware
houses that is not fit for consumption.
Every power can readily determine
wfc-ther h'.s fmit is of proper quality by
Jufiffin* TvlH-ther it would be fit for use
in him own family."
their orchards, and to notify the secretary
cf the association of their selection im
mediately. For the information of mem
bers the list of association packers, with
the location of their respective ware
houses, is appended:
"District 1— Miller & Hotchkiss. Healds
burg; Merritt Fruit Company, E. W. Dev
tretux and M. McDonald, Santa Rosa; H.
L. Gibts. Calistcga: William Fisher and
Xapa. Fruit Company, Napa.
•'District 2 — Porter Brothers Company
»o<2 C. \V. Pike. Anderson; Porter Broth
ers Company, Red Bluff: Castle Brothers,
Marysviiie; Johr.sen-Locke Mercantile
Company. Colusa: Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Compar.v, Winters.
"District o — Cattle Brothers. Sacramen
to; Burgess & Noble. Concord.
"Distnct 4 — Castle Brothers, Griffin &
Skeliey, A. L. Hobbs and J. /B. Inder
reiden &. Co., Fresno; Gass Truit and
Raisin Packing Company. Traver; A. L.
Hobbs. Se!rr.a; Castle Brothers, J. K.
Araibby Company. Fleming & Jacob,
CiL&rles Downing and Griffin & Skellev,
VIealta; Charl»s Downing, Armona.
"District 5— J. K. Arrnsby &. Co.. Castle
Bros., Griffin <fc Skelly Co., San Jose; Ber
ryessa Fruit Growers' Union, Berrvessa:
We*t f=i(ie Fruit Growers' Union. AVest
8^e; Santa Ciara County Fruit Ex
<&ar.ce, Cozzens Fruit Co., Santa Clara
County Fruit Union. San Jose; F. H
Holmes, Berryessa: Scott & Braun. UVst
Side: L. McOuire A Co.. Saratoga; Georgre
E. Hyde. West Side; Balfour, Guthrie &
Co.. ?an Jose; J. E. Abbott. West Side-
Sorcsis Fruit Co., West Side; Warren
I>r!e<3 Fruit Co., San Jo.«>: San Tomas
Drjirg Co.. J. J. Shaner. Los Gatos; Stel
ling Bros.. West Side: Porter Bros.. San
Jose: Ksowtei Bros. & Todd. Alum Rock
riven-je-. San Jose: J. B. Inderreiden & Co
ban Jose; Georjre X. Herbert, near San
Jo!=*; Sar.ta Clara Valley Fruit Co.. Haven
A Co.. San Jose; A. & C. Ham Co., Wwt
Side; Chtrles E. Bell, Saratoga; George
Frank. Wost Side; Kast Side Fruit Grow
ffw* Unioj. Ea.=t S^de, San Jose; S S
Hajnes fra Ka?eman, Santa Clara;
campnell Fruit Growers' Union, Camp
bell; George \V. Hume, Los Gatos: wfi.
low Glen .Fruit Growers' Union. Willow
ijl*n."
The second circular is a-s follows-
Xl^eVV of the la - rge cr °P of Prunes in
this State, a« well as in Europe, and the
competition inevitable in marketing- the
same, it is highly important that the out
put of California ?hali be marketed in the
best possible condition.
"For the information of the members
of the association and to guide them in
tfce preparation of their fruit for market.
tie tuanapemer.t has decided to issue the
following Instructions, which will go\-ern
the inspectors In the classification of your
BAN JOSE, July 2S.-The California
Cured Fruit Association to-day issued the
following circulars to members of the as
sociation:
"Inquiries are constantly being received
at this cff.ee from the growers relative to
the packing-house where they shall de
liver their prunes. In answer to all the
management wishes to instruct its mem-
Lere, so far as it may b*. practicable, to
deliver their prur.es to the association
warehouse situated most convenient to
Issues Instructions as to the Neces
sity cf Properly Curing and Se
lecting the Product for the
Market.
%
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The California Cured Fruit
Association Notifies the
Farmers.
WHERE PRUNE
GROWERS MAY
DELIVER CROPS
Fresno.
SANTA CRUZ. July 2S.— There is not a
tent, cottage, cabin or room vacant in
I Garrield Park. Everything is engaged,
I and Christian delegates are continually
j arriving. The attendance is by far the
i largest for years. This has been Park
i <iay, and this morning G. N. freeman
i presided. The bei.t interests of Gartield
j i'ark were considered. A report was made
i that thirty lots were sold during the past
) year and several 'new cottages had been
j erected. Over half the amount had been
: I'aid on the r.tw addition to the park. A
i lot has been given to the Christian En
; oeavorers of the State, and they are to
I erect a cottage upon it called "Rest Cot
i tag*-." Another lot has been given to the
j Christian Women's Board of Missions.
! L'pon this they are to erect a building.
i ¦which is to be their headquarters. Tne
i old cabins are to be Torn down, and indi
i vidual cottages are to take their place.
'¦ The tabernacle is to be repainted.
The sermon at the services of the Chris
i tians this morning was on '•The Bible,"
by Rev. J. H. Hughes of Chico. ThiB af
1 terr.oon Rev. Hiram Van, Kirk gave his
j third lecture of the serifs on '"Alexander
I Campbell."
The State convention was organized by
! Rev. J. H. Hughes.
This afternoon the Christian Women's
I Board of Missions went into session. The
; address pf welcome was by Mrs. J. A.
] Cameron of Alamei-la, and the response
! was by Mrs. Alice Murphy of Red Bluff.
The sermon this evening was by Rev.
< J. J. Morgan of Woodland.
The delegate* registered thus far who
• are in attendance at t£e Christian Stale
i convention are:
Mr. and Mrs. Linn Bledsoe, Miss Rosalie
1 Moore. Miss Hattle Hamilton, Miss Geor
fia Hamilton. Airs. Kachael Miller. Miss
:dith Wright, Heaidsburgr; Mrs. M. E.
• Spence, Oakland; J. N. Landrum, Fresno;
• L. C. Hunting, Acampo; Mr. and Mrs.
; C W. Reillt-y. Fairview; Hazel Me
: Millin. Harold McMillln. Sacramento: Jes
¦ fie Parie, Lodi; Edna M. Trantham. Los
; Gatos; K. B. Lynam, Oakland; William
M. Landers, Bakersfield; Mrs. J. P. Hen
i derson. Woodbridge; Mrs. Sollars, Anna
' Henderson, Georgia Henderson. Lodi;
; Krwin H. Baker, San Jose; Clara M.
Vance, S«lma; W. L>. Freeman, Mrs. W.
j D. Freeman. Miss Nellie Freeman, Bloom
i field: Ernest Johnson, Williams: Mr. and
: Mrs. C. W. Jopsors Los Gatos; Miss Ruth
: Bolton, Miss Hattie Bolton, Mr. and Mrs s
; S. A. N'esbitt. Paul Nesbitt. -Saratoga!
i Mi.«s Emma Broili, San Francisco; i«
! May Connor, G. F. Connor. Santa Clara;
i Mr." and Mrs. S. S, Murphy, Red Bluff;
I Tini Lewis, Belle Lewis, watsonville;
1 Mr. and Mrt. J. J. Morgan, Elizabeth
I Morgan. Woodland: Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Crandall. Harold CrandaSl, Saratogra; the
Rev. and Mrs. T. A. Beyer, Stockton; Mr.
and Mrs. C. V. .Huntingdon, Brentwood;
i J. R. Ware. Lodi; J. P. Paritz, Lakeport;
i Mrs. W. C. Proctor, San Jose; Mr. and
i Mrs. J. W. Connell, Watsonville; G. D.
! King-. Concord; R. A. Grant. "Woodland;
i H. W. Powers. Butte City; Dora B. Mc
| Hatton, Santa Cruz; Wilna Beverley, San
: Francisco; Vesta Vail. Berkeley; Mr. and
i Mrs. J. G. Martin, Chlco: Mr. and Mrs.
i J. B. Young, San Jose: Bert Armstrong:,
! F. A. Flannery. Alviso; E. A. Burch,
! Eureka: A. C Smither. Los Angeles; J.
i H. Blodgett. Napa: Mr?. M. Eldridge, '
Mips Pearl Bradbury, Petaluma; Mrs. S.
• M Smith. Miss Goldie Smith. Freeno;
Frank Brown. Salinas; M. J. Wilson, O. |
A. Putman. Miss Vandine Putman, Camp- ]
bells: Velma Hoesler. S. M. Langford, P. I
S. Lane-ford, Los Gatos; Mollie Janes, j
Anna Janes, Maud Theal. Magpie "White- j
side. San Jose; Amasca Craig, Woodland; l
V. M. Elston, Berkeley; Grace Ellis, Hoi
lister: Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Chance, the I
Rev. and Mrs. W. H. Martin. Carrie F. ;
Martin, Anna J. Martin. Mr. and Mrs. !
G N Freeman, Fresno; C. S. Needham,
Mrs. L. C. Hunting. Miss Austa Hunting,
Miss Effie Fuqua. Acampo; A. G. Hoer
ing Paso Robles: Mr. and Mrs. Ell
Fisher, Petaluma; Sir. and Mrs. W. G.
McMillan, Sacramento; D. B. Guili,
Woodland; Mrs. J. A. Cameron. Alameda;
Mrs W. W. Header-son. Lodi; S. M. Cook.
Buryin. Ky.; 1 CT L. Truax. Santa Crurt
J C. William*. Winters; J. W. Kelsey,
Kern- C. M. White, San Francis- t
co- the Rev. J. S. Pierce. Elk Creek;
1 Ada Roval. San Francisco; Miss Yung,
Blanche 'Smith. Jessjie Smith. Mrs. Smith,
Mr and Mrs. T. B. Hood. Santa Rosa: J.
M 'Dunning. Annie Dunning, Daisy Stolp.
Nicholas: Miss N. Brady, Oakland; Esther
P Samson. East Santa Cruz; Mrs. H.
Matley, Lodi: Victor Anderson, Lone
Beach"- Mrs. Richard Brown, Woodland;
Mrs F B Sapp. San Jose; Mrs. J. T. :
Mag'ill. Joseph Magill. Winters; Claude
B Harlan. Woodland: Mrs. M. J. Curry, |
Mr Ryland. Pacific Grove; Mr. and Mrs. >
Frank" Craycroft. Fresno: Mrs. E. WI1- I
liamson, G. H. Slawson, Mrs. C. G. Hoi- j
comb, Sacramento; C. E. Edgerman, .
Rutherford: Aaron H. Scott. Mrs. W . H. j
B Trantham. Laura E. Hill. Los Gatos; |
T.' Rawlins. Elk Creek; E. F. Brown. Ala
meda: Mr. and Mrs. EL T. Xesbitt, Pacific i
Grove: J. A. Brown, Mies Georgie Brown,
i Mrs. Winnie Brown, Frank Brown, SaJi
! nas; Mrs. Sarah A. Loy. Vacaville; Mr?.
I Dr. Alumbaugh, Watsonville; Mrs. J. P.
Procter. Santa Rosa; Mrs. Sarah C.
I Young. Mrs. Sarah Ellis. Butte City: Mr. i
nnd Mr?. V.*. R. Rhinehart. Mrs. "Mary I
i Mason. Mips Ida Campbell. Gridley: J. C. ]
¦ Davi?. Hollister: Mr?. H. C. Peterson. !
I Mrs A. Strong. Mrs. J. J. Moodv. Boulder ,
Crtfk- Mrs. George Willett. Mrs. J. M. |
Bate?. Aromas: Mrs. K. M. Shepherd,
Mrs. M. A. Janes. Mrs. Ella Delong-. Mr.
and Mrs. T. H. Lawson, San Jose; Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Reaeor. Colusa; A. M.
McCoy. Red Bluff: J. E. Donovan. College
City: Mrs. George Tobitt. Aromas: Mr. |
and Mrs. J. Salee. Plymouth: Mrs. C. W. |
Jopson. John Rhodes. Gilroy; Miss Ida |
King. San Jose; W. B. Berry, Mr. and j
Mrs. Frank Ford. San Francisco: Mr. and !
Mrs. S. W. Durham, Pacific Grove; Peter i
1 Colvin, Santa RoFa; William C. Freeland, j
Sclmn.: Mrs. Zeriba Miller. Mrs. L. Ham
ilton, Mrs. C. Clark. Mir. B. Hotchktes, i
Mr?. J. "W. Hotchkips and Hazel. Marius, |
Miller and Lenvill«» Hotchki?s. Mrs. L, J. |
Hall Mrs. Henry Fox. Crystal Fox. Berth j
Fox. Mrs. A. Peters. Mrs. William Car
ter. Mrs. Jane Kellv. Mlssef Ella and Jen
nie Kelly. Mrs. William Wallace. Miss I
Florence Wallace. Kenneth and Lawrence
v.'ailance, Healdsbunr: Mr. and Mrs. F. j
FL Kuss, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Lowell,
Signalizing Park Day by Presenting
Lots to the Endeavorers and
the Women's Board of
Missions.
— » —
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
GARFIELD PARK
THE MECCA OF
THE CHRISTIANS
Attendance at the Santa Cruz
Convention the Largest
in Years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
These fruits will hereafter be admitted
into Germany as formerly without inspec
tion on account of the San Jose scale. It
has required two years of earnest work
on the part of the State Department to
convince the German Government .that
the danger from San Jose scale in Ameri
can fruit was purely fanciful.
The department was seconded In its ef
forts by. some of the leading German
¦ ¦ e ¦ ¦ •
WASHINGTON, July" 2S.— The fruit
growers of California will be glad to
know that among the good results of the
late diplomatic agreement with Germany
is the removal of the vexatious inspection
of dried and evaporated fruit exported
from the United States.
Trial Conies to a Sudden Adjourn
ment Owing 1 to the Illness of
One of the Jurors.
NEW LOXDOX, Mo.. July 23.—Ex-Gov
ernor Charles P. Johnson cf St. Louis, on
behalf of the prosecution., addressed the
Jury In the trial of Alexander Jester. He
depicted the murder in ail its horror, and
said it was a rtuty he owed to the State
as well as himself to see that justice was
meted out to the prisoner..
As the iawyer proceeded A. XI. Gates,
father, of the murdered boy. buried his
face in his handkerchief and wept. Alex
Jester cast his eye to the speaker, then to
the Judge, then to the floor. Governor
Johnson said John W. Gates would- not be
a man if he did not spend his money 'in
bringing the murderer of his brother to
Justice.
J. W. Hays, -who followed, made in his
address to the jury what the defense
claim may prove a reversible error. He
called Jester a bigamist. He said that
Jester married a woman in Oklahoma
while he had a wife in Kansas. ¦
The trial came to a sudden adjournment
this afternoon en account of a sick juror.
The court will not convene again until
ARGUMENTS BEFORE JURY
IN THE JESTER CASE
25
Thzfs the motto of many a ¦woman's
Hfe. She manages the house, receives
friesds, entertains company, ¦with, a moan
fa the mouth which is stifled and a smile
Ca the face which is a mask to cover up
.»»«i^. her pain. Only
-'&&&*£&&&&• those who note the
•V^^*y^?f£^|v» dark ringed eyes,
fiw&££5*18fi5ltt. the Iines about
fe^?^f^: lhe h i ps - *Sf ™*;
»^3? »^^®*» sional pallor of
l&Mg&'' the c 114^ 11 . know
V^^h-^ *^^£ tbe real story.
'oitS^^ women are
»_iiiSStv > among the most
grateful for the
/<,^/c'V^^i cures performed
«?\ '^M b 7 tie "^ of I ? r -
K\ \ % %i''<:l[. fiy Prescription. To
y&& Jfi*K\jyMr smile and not to
w//^1Vt\ suffer is something
/ | Wl wonderful to them .
I £ I a \ mA Women suffering
if II \ I rorn feo^e weak-
// / .11 ness, inflamma-
if \ \ ti° a i ulceration or
f ' I the drains that so
9 I weaken the body,
I • may take "Favor-
f ite Prescription "
j with almost abso-
! Inte certainty of
cure. It's sure to .
help. It's almost sure to heaL It has
cured ninety-eight per cent, of those
who gave it a fair ana faithful trial.
Mrs. H. A. Alsbrock. of Austin, Lonoke Co.,
Ark., trritcs: "After live months of Rreit suf-
fering with female weakness I write this for the
be=c£i of other safferers from the same afflic-
tion. I <Jocloreti with oar family physiciaa
withoct acv good rcsalis. bo my busbzna urged
rsc to try Dr. Pierce's medicines— which I flid.
xrith wonderful resells. I am completely cured.
I t&ak four bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription, four of his 'GoJden Medical Discov-
ery ' and two vials of his ' Pleasant Pellets.' ¦
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free. All correspond-
ence confidential. Address Dr. R. V.
Fierce, Buffalo, N. Y.j
Smie sna Saner.
Vie beautiful tmrble statue, "California Venus/' by Sculptor Rupert Schmi'd, no® on free exhibition in attraction hall— second floor. J
School Supplies g-™-* 1 ¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦¦«¦" ' ¦¦"¦! ¦ E Dress Goods |
&1 Department | SgZBtte* BB*#&i+&&t8FBgB &&I&& I A *v*™etl Fall Styles. *
OlO/'t? n a€*tS&* \ *~ ¦ § gtip.-t, of Fall faille* reversible <*
The special School Book and t &emm+ M&**BGf&"Sl%V € ?# TBa&*&f§ZSl*W w plaids, komespua. cana'/a hair suiting?, \ %
School Supply Department is I BOB* g¥3GBB£3&^ &BBUB B §£&&S3*2JP | and other naw weaves that will be tub. |
, , , x fj/ fl ¦? r ' * v B * ona "' e dsring the cosrng season; these «
™f t°h n e ro" n we°seiun j SSo Cheviots 8o. Sheet Music 13c. -5Oe Vests 26c. § S£££MS£5?&S£ ! °' & ° S
of the authorized text books i We have c'osed ont a lot of about 3D0O Five popular Eongs and five pleading in- We bought at a S 3 *' 11^ faac 7 Camel's Hair Suiting, all •*
that will be used in the Primarv, yards of Scotch Cheviots, Btrumental pieces, oa sale Monday onrown prices H woo!, 7 handsoms mixtares, per yard... J,
CrarnTnar ->n<! Hio-h «?-)inolc! fnr I Scotch Gingham3 and Imported Corded only, at the very special price. tfO ' splendid 50c Vgr GgT^ff B OUC X
grammar an.l High b.ilOOlS lor g Mldra9f th * t have been £ Uin u the each l3C quality of La- %K Jf ¦ § 5C-inch all-wool Homaspan, in new shades -{
the ensumg term?. .Note our , c easoa regular y at 15c, 2?c and 25c -I Ain't Seen No Messenger Boy" die *' Ve3t3 « W^W, V 8 «* gray, brown, blue, etc., per jard^ J
prices for desk supplies. ! the yard, on Monday acd Tuesday if ."Sons of Liberty Bell" " m;diam heavy V&vWv/N. H " * Sn &
PCKCU Boxes— With lock and key, % quantify la-its, at the extraor- — .. T f -w 1 Ai^vv-it^'fi^'a^r'n ••• fleeced lined W^>^H ! }. S ]\ U 52-inch Camel's Hair Novelty Stripes, in .J
contiining pen ho'der, slats and | dinary price i &G "Honey You Have Made a HU With cotton, high S aa assortment of eat ke!y new color
* leidpencis, pen am pbee of Q *% \ ' ' Me" neck. Ion? § effects, yard™ .....$1.25 x
cha'k comp'ete for * *^ ' nm s tot trx «• r% "Cyrabellne Waltaes;; sleeves, tha /%.)•'-/// «>^>i\ I 52-inch Reversible Saiting. one aide „«
Single Slates-hside m>jsurtm>,,ts: \ IwleXiCSn 69C Walue™ celebrated <lft#jr|\\^i/ A P lain - tha other side P laid - for th « new "<
5x7 inch ..5n 7x11 inch : 11c ¦ W hav^ bought a large samp'e line "Atlas March" "Axford" cat. *.' l HUlj/{»\.>» g short skirts and one of tbe most fasa- x
6x9 inch 8o 9x13 inch 14-c \ „ f Lilies' * "Corallta. a Mexican dance. and are going E ionable makes for fall wear, yard - X
Dinh'e Slates— InsHt mtasuretrunts: :>««•/« Jr^ 1^5*^ to sell them on Monday and Tuesday | $2mOO %
Clinch Uc 6x9 K.ch 15G \'hanJ-V <gM0^- -^M Mf*n'* Ustdti^Wf»af »lso. if quantity iwts that long (we H — — g
7x11 itch 2OC \ ca,v*JM t x.$^5sp*2&^%$ "' e " 3 US * aerWSS * r ' hardly think it will), at the ~ ff | SchOOl HOSIC^y 5
430 oige penci tab'et- -?f? it ic-n Beits, Two unusual bargains— you have nahearior low price. Mch.... AOt- « g*nt§ Elnrtnr'wnnr' *
n m! /xfr'V'rvv^ D * 4 1 f ' c^ I H a . ntll 1; ¦¦^v^S-^. -^ y^^) paid twice as much for no bet- &**B*» «^ ft n-, , «
Bntleof Black Iak 4c. RjI Iik 5c h design? in &g& 3i ~-* : \ ~~^Zta i t' a ,, M «t^fUi,. 59/6 Of B Cai'dren's 5
\ £SI JS»£'^^ Silver Novelties. | %™£ Cl |
Bsnk Stock N-.t ¦ Bwks 5cani1'JC I workman- —^^o^^^^— Drawers, heliotrope and white, ecru A . lot of 40 dozen » Heavy Cot- /K&L 2
Student's f *h:p— these are the expemiTj hind-nnde and white, piam bine, nicely fiiuhed; J^S staling S live r | ton Hcsa— Cs^J&W «
Note B)cks belts that retail regn arly at Sl.'i-O, Jl 60, our very special sale price, Monday f &*% &0m Novelties will ba H doable knee, M^wMs, *
5oand ftX%;^^^2 $1.75, J, $2.5), $3.00 and J3 50, thera and Tnesflay, per garment «- H ti m$A placed on aa'e to- | Iceland sole, S V <*
IOC f5^?JK$Ji^l j ire both Buck:e and Cnch belts in tan l'"n" t ;: , 8 if fi^S? morrow, and Toes- H site? 6 to 10, jSMBlnHli "5
Bark Stock r *t^"f5^S^^R3 > or back colored leather, acd of different Heavy Dsrbrl Ribbed Cotton Underwear; MB \£U°8 day if quantity H pair-./^Jo X
S:euir.g ife$£^j$S^3^ J widths. M mday and Taesdav it quantity -form fittxrg Shirts and Drawers: Balmon g| . lasts. The assort- | Children's JSfi(\%U J»
blackf, 5c Jf^^^W^ iSts^? * color; F i;1 we " * ell; ld l al « arm?nt3 if r^ | lxl and 2x1 J^$A*V '5
...and We AH $1.0?, $1.50, 31-75 Bjlt* 69o for men that are hand on their clothes; |f^^^_ g Ribbed Fast •*4&&^J\ : >t\ : X
Lead Pencils '»^?V^ f All §2.30, $2.50, *3.90 and f 3.50 Beits.. our very special sale P"ce -^ . H Back Cotton . S
dox-D, 5C, lj[^§Li^§j& \ 893 Monday and Taeaday **•**, w I HOSE, extra Jjjj j
Sate P^n- J G&*7»&jc* SiStti^JT <&>&&*& V^^-^" i H doable kneej, X
ri'p, rer 100 : <&iBS& MV&W&fBBW %&aalnL99* . p ff tt , q h I heeh and sole3, fall-fashioned leg aad X
t0 .°. Igg I A clean-up of our Novelty Silks, this season's pro due- |^||^S^g J fS^^^'IT. gjS I
saa.d»|c'; tions, purchased by us from a prominent- jobbing £»* "^^^"cS^"): I .. ••M-"T-.V,-<i««=-a)nOT S
8 a ±.::t::::r:so^Jfo house; mostly $^o and $1.7? qualities; for both t ? ™« of w».m& I to st^b* i <*^« d ™ d »^?iJ *
J-J"';; ¦,-:; V 4 "'' 25 - street and evening wear;, principally in stripes, v/A»too7ieJ."witb .'«ii"f" ¦ «»i.t«i. n.te.1 cior. .!«. is t. wt g
W^S^^ : 0ijSo although there are a few Persian effects among „ .op^t m« JBSS^Si^S&SSS
p e » Hjid.r.. doten Sag them— Monday and Tuesday's astonishing- » o _ ™!™tari» EL soe" t? I"gS I Lamb. 1 Wool vests, pants and Bojs' :«
B! """' '"¦*»¦"--«- °° | price, per yard &9c '"S^'Z^ u£ 1 gSSS&tSi! «-«»• !
Boys' SchOOl S.U S Ta M e S -Ma,n Al!! e_ pr ; c ! -each ::; .. » I Sl» 20....35O 9£ g-MJ |
Furnishings. \ „. .. n »«.» I Si ""-; 4 ?f %.a*x2....6so •.
wh jt8 u»i TiT d shi^. 5oo i sheeting. {%\4&& Remarkable |
n %' c^ % > hlrt3 ;-f OC and7^» g A high-grade, strong and durable bleach- , ¦& XWT I fSBm.*** g*b£#C*lfSBrarm I ten Combination Suits, natural color. J
G^lf Shirt*, cuff i to match 5Ss ,= e d shretin?. 9) iache* wide, on speciil . \M/ &1BZ*W& %J> 'IB £B ITi Sa 53 a | sizes 2 to 14 years 5Oc X
Stiff bosom Shirts, cuffs to match... 75c a cal« Monday and Tuesday «,« <-e~»L VL_ /\>/ / n. n\ o i i i. • i j u ¦ •'
We at bovs in above from 5 years up. I per y ard ... 22c Our Glove Siles always bnng a larse crowd of H m wam9 - h #»«elr«#e '5
Boys* Soft "Merino Underwear— natural I "*" * * eager buyers. The Monday and Tuesday saleS tLUncn aaSKGiS* x
gray coior-per garment 50c j W M be no exception to this rule, for we Offer g Children's Brownie Lunch Boxe* froo_... v
tPeTd'e?- I GlS-OOerieS, \\J " ?^^^^'?5^«^
fancy web- rt - t! including all sizes from oL- to th, m tans, H 2Oc, 35~> and 45o *5
b!n ? ,-ood, | FIOUrSpeasal--mirket I browns, mode, blue, red and green, made 1 Palm Lstf Baskets 25c, 50c x
strong « p r j ce advancing every day, Mjj from carefully selected skins by the best glove- H Folding T n Boxe?...». ............ ..^..».. -J
Ysn^si \ which make3 our offerin S f ° r maker in France, at S0C pair | secondTioo? °* * * : 5
BOYS' | Monday all the more remark- Sales Tables-Main Aisle. jfj 35
NECK- . ! able, for we offer the Emporium : Q Go-CartSm "h
S3" Xr&^mak^ a '*& Olmltlea So. M^^0MW^ fT '*
styles; neat 50 fb. Sack BOO Prettv b'ue and. white stripe CORDED | m a- ? €*L BB to c h o o s e :^^^-7 *
fall and i &** *»• »-•»« DIMITIES neat p«ttern» f stylUh goods, 1 LStfjQS' ShOSS 1 I from. The *£&&£££: *
winter pat- (SUGAR CORN — Oar Btandard GoMen regmar va:ue 12J3 yard, wiil be on R Mario fnf ffiitnman «1 ! Go - Cart in /^€Vfl*V X
a?'\ i er » ES> 1D -» ! Rn"». Monday, 3 cans for 25o sa e Monday and Tiesday, providicg of Umane ¥Or mngman oca picture has a /u^'-fjtf\ -J
light, medmm and dark effects— sailor COFFEE - Finest Java and Mocha, the course if quantities last that L. H tOX, | varnished h3^W%A "5
kaot, towc-in- hands, band *>g- j coffea that has made our Cafe famous. long, per yard OC B Bought by US at § ! reed body. Q nTiKTO >
bows and winder ties tS&C 3 i bs . for $1*O0 g ' UGfa Oft th** SI DO ® \ tin2ed . steel r>^H^/ 5
Boys' So:k S -fa 8 t b'ack or tan. seamless CHICKEN TAMALES-I. X. L. Boae^s, iV^^ Ti? \ft I "heela, with vS^©6i/ ?
cotton good wejght and well mad^— \ M ond«y. n^r can... IQo 1 ConttnUSSihlSWeeK g J dust-proof ~S^~* $
2 pairs 25c PURE FRUIT JAMS — As-ortei'varisties &K** U H New stylish Shoes just from the H g hubs, scroll springs, foot brake, a well -2
¦ S ¦ in 1 Ib. irlas3 jarB. rer jir...... IBo *OG &lOGif& M&U* I factory; complete Iine3 of sizea and ¦ | mad?, eervice3ble cart and co3t3 hat... •
HOUSehold LinenS I M^*? N \ a Jf k R t U h i: be L " D ?r R lb S M^* W. bought SOO Ladies' Fancy Slocks at j widths" in .11 of the 11 style.. The | $3.1O X
Very Low Prices. U$^??MW^^£bZ •*«* | £ \^^\\-^- atthercgn - 1 1 other sty us uP to $20.00. $
Notwithstanding the very material f EORAXIDE SOAP POWDER-1 Ib. rark- J*J (l^fT**^^ JZ50 Shoes $h69 UU ftnnrl <Zr»hnni S
advance in the prices of all linen fabri-s § »w. Mond.y. 2 for ....... ...IBc xhev'are * ?3.C0Sioes $1.98 §§ -. WO ?r * G "?°J ?«
wearemapo ? i- | PEELED TOMATOES — Hunt's extra in the I ?3.5i Sh^B $2.37 §§ HandherGhief&. %
»« |M \*^-^:±^ !
prices for linens ; LtqUOfSm Monday and Tuesday-each.... #^C - des i g n 3 and colorirgs-narrow or »de | ~ ' 5
are less thin V^'v^rV «. • « wui L ' *" »«. '¦' cr les9 desirable pattern* may nave g tlgSiS* ntuPOnSa «
the goods could p<gglf 1 0 Jl C Cp^ WiSS? M^diy 3 fuS" te ? a « ol J at , a T le33 , P rice -^ 03e on | A fnll assortnent of Hair Ribbons for $
be imported for SjjSoS ™ t bottle, SUOO *>*---> . sa'e Monday and Tuesday are the fl | school chi!dren . Ia all shade9 X
Sbaw <atix ~S immmSx^^F^ 91* 75 Curtains b3St - :bepnceperyard Sc 1 f^ *™ **J f ?* s- %
iwrimm [)—^ j old $1 , 0 per , al!on grade p sfM Curtain Chains. . j SS^fejSSSS % \l¥* :?
G T 3 o«!f a^r',v a llit -j/v ™ I PABSTMALT EXTRACT-lBast tonic) Some excel'ent $1.75 Nottingham Cur- Worth 15c, 20c and 23c a pair;! Ribbon String 77os-To be %.
I^sBs^jS S-SSS-3S rsSspis.3S a-?.s:.s-.^|
extra large — 20 Jx41 inches -neatly , !¦ |— —¦¦¦——¦-' - ¦- ¦,..^-». M . l „ H Jergey ribbe<lf fleece i iae d. cotton Com- X
Pi £S£fIl^S For Another Week—A Free Watch l?l?Si"-l
' •«•*»•*¦ «.^«r^»» mm* itm* ' m* "¦ b *• * _. _ - —— - down front. color3 natural *i »¦* •»
aw k> G With Every School Sutf Bought Here. » dec "'^ *°°\
Rc*atfinea frar* tffie* There are hundreds of pleased boys .in San Francisco and vicinity whose parents bought them a new High-GlaSS t£
rs&auang Tur iZJGm Suit in the Emporium last week and who are now carrying new watches that didn't cost them a cent and PtlOtOtSraphy, *
Oar good fortune i 3 yours. We have are guaranteed to keep good time for a year. We are going to make a few hundred more of our little „ B wV ».f OT , «l,wl ; S
Sffpric 1 .' a^iimuec 6 quUit^^f Zl friends happy this week, for we have made arrangements to continue giving a watch with every School .tn^oTicSw" SZ^SSt %
test copvrighled short stories", by some Suit that We sell until Closing time next Saturday night. every detail, equipped with the finest ia- jj
of the best known modern suiters. All- wool two-piece Suits, more than 80 Styles, from $2.45 to $7*50 •struments that sciencB baa produced. % %
They are bound in two volumes: ••,, „„» + i,_- „:„„„, e,,:f,, o« D i. n i« c , r^«™ «qq- t- n din n*% Handsomely appointed dressing and re- <J
Volume 1 contains 15 short stories by All-wool three-piece Suits, 26 styles, from !? 3.9o to $10,00 ception rooms, and all work dona by first '5
. such writers as Anthony Hope, W. E. Boys' Long Pants Suit, more than 23 Styles, from $4.95 to , ... $15.00 claM artists. Especial attention is called X
Norri?, Mrs. L. B. Walford. Gilbert ' / t to this week's displays of Photographs, &
™«Twrke^ Photographs, || M mffii M 1 WkM reed bod - 7 ' '"c^hets-^/.SO to $5.00 a %
Atherton, Robert Barr. Cirm»n Sylva, $1.50 to *5 doz. B^ l^fl aP* 1 * ¦gfrBT><rfl P^^^ hood top dozen. "^
Florence Warden and Ferguj Hum?. D . -r, , Kg fiP^^ — _ J^T ZT *g^. f| n.^ fafr - no " Paris Panels— SS.OO to $10.00 *
Eound in magazine form, published to Pans Panels, |P Oolttfl^S^^SaSC W2UEA&B 1 * «8 terria 9e a dczen . |
aL'i/iXlS K IOC $6 t0 $1 ° d ° Z - CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE f ° r $6 - 5 °' . J£ J^^r^ *" ~ |
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPCKIT7M.
THE EMPOBIXJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVEHTISEHENTS."What kind of a woman is Mrs. Scrim
perton?",
"Well, •when her little boy broke out
with. the measles she wrote to a. monthly
magazine for instructions as to his treat
ment.—Chicago News.
A CHARACTER DESCRIBED.
Mrs. Goodheart— Your baby must be a
great comfort to you.
Mrs. Flanigan— Aye! It Is so, ma'am.
Me husband is very proud of it.
Mrs. Goodheart— Ah, it has made a bet
ter man of him?
Mrs. Flanigan— It has, indeed, ma'am.
When he comes home the worse for liquor
now'he never t' rows anything at me fur
fear o* hlttln' the child.— Philadelphia
Press.
SOME COMFORT IN THAT.
The members of the Free Baptist
Church of Big Bend, Wls.. have decided
not to use wine at communion services
The congregation is composed, for tho
most part. Of Prohibitionists. The new
pastor. Rev. Mr. Hancock, seemed much
surprised at first, but accepted the wiahea
of his flock and commemorated tho Lord's
Supper by using cold water.
A Japanese troupe of acrobats visited
the White House the other day, under
charge of R. Yoshmate, who introduced
them to the President. One of Mr. Yosh
mate's charges. Master K. Yarkietri,. fs
l^ 8 v^ ban ,J y ears old - Th's Uttle fellow
hid himself behind the manager until the
members the troupe were retiring,
when the President noticed him and asked
his name.
Master Yarkietri, not knowing It was
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When you travel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Paclflc Ry and ride on th»
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap
pointed train in America. Solid vesttbuled and
lighted wita incandescent electric lights, ob
servation car with a large parlor for ladles
tourist sleeplns car nntshed In mahogany and
upholstered In olive green leather. The only
line selling tickets direct into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and eaat at the low
est rates. T. K. STATELER, Gea. A«t.. €33
Market «t. S. P.
: The Philadelphia society whjch has been organized
to establish closer social relations between the United
States and England need have no fear, after the re
cent unpleasantness, that William Waldorf Astor will
ask to become amembcr. \-rV : - v ¦
The gentlemen who have made the Prince of Wales
a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons may have
some 'secret reason with which to explain their ac
tion, but it is probably one of those secrets which
royalty alone can understand.
Hardly a single feature of the American exhibit' at
Paris has escaped caustic criticism, and now the one
thing that we might have expected to. get through
with glory, the woman's exhibit, has been condemned
by Mrs. John A. Logan. She says: "There is prac
tically no exhibit of American women at the ex
position, and it was a mistake to convey the impres
sion that there was." She adds the further informa
tion that the managers of the exposition did not wish
any distinctive woman's exhibit, nor any women as
Commissioners, and she expresses surprise that Mrs.
Palmer should have accepted the place. Altogether
the muddle in Paris is a bad one, and we are in the
worst of it. Fortunately it will not be long now be
fore we can bring our exhibit home, hide it and say
nothing more about it.
"I am the successor of George Washing
ton and President of the United States "'
replied the President, looking kindly at
the little chap, who collapsed.— Boston
Journal.
"What do you do here?"
The President escorted th« little chap
to the picture of Washington, and ex
plained that the original was dead.
"Well, what is your name?" persisted
Master Yarkietri.
"My name is William McKlnley," was
the smiling- answer.
the President, answered promptly Ha
then proceeded to interview his Excel
lency thus:
"I want to see George Washington, th«
father of this country."
To the Editor of The Call: In connec
tion with the very lucid and interesting
article in' Saturday's issue by Civil En
gineer Fergusson relative to the present
Chinese complications it is noteworthy
to recall some statements made by "Chi
nese" Gordon several years ago which not
only Indorse Mr. Fergusson's observa
tions but which, when read in the light
made visible by recent events, assume a
veritably prophetic chaxacter.
"Chinese" Gordon says: "Never trust
a mandarin, great or small. With all their
hideous superstitions, their vices and
their ignorance the Chinese are far too
good for their nobles, or whatever you
like to call the rulers of the people.
"They, the rulers, will buy guns and
rifles and ships and with the aid of Eu
ropean drill will organize an army and
Instill the leaven of uprising into the in
ert mass of millions of men- until they
combine to overwhelm the 'foreign devils,'
whom they hate like poison."
It would seem that this long foreshad
owed avalanche of diplomacy awaits only
the breath of illy concealed intrigue 'to
confirm the prophecy and to consummate
the official corruption which In ita descent
will crush Indifferently both the victims
of its greed and the "devils" of foreign
civilization. ,- '
It Is to be regretted that the clearly
defined shadows of "coming events"
should be so persistently ignored until
their "material" evidence presents prob
lems of grave moment and of .difficult
8OlUti °FREDERICK W. D'BVELYN,
Geographical Society of California.
July 28, 1900.
"CHINESE" . GORDON'S PROPHECY.
• In support, of that statement the Press says that in
one day's clippings from exchanges it found more
than sixty instances of death resulting from the wires.
Sixty electrocutions in one day. is a fearful record,
but with the increase in the number of overhead wires
it will soon be surpassed. The fires are about' 33
numerous as the deaths, and many disastrous con
flagrations result from comparatively slight disturb
ances of the wires. Thus in one case cited: "A
trimmer in a window of a millinery store, while ar
ranging a display, short circuited the wires, and fire
spread rapidly. Loss, $250,000." In another case it
is said: "Boys threw objects attached to a string
over the wires of a district messenger line and an arc
light circuit, drawing them ' together.' The nieht
UPON the side of the reformers who have been
striving to compel the removal from our cities
of all overhead electric wires there is likely to
be soon arrayed a powerful ally — none other than the
I combined force of all. the life and fire insurance com
panies of the Union. The overhead wires are prov
ing to be so perilous to person and to property that
in self-defense the insurance men will have to demand
their removal under a threat of raising rates in every
city where such wires are tolerated..
The Insurance Press of New York for July 18 gives
a startling array of facts showing the deadliness of the
wires. It says: "What a record electricity is making!
Not the flash from the surcharged cloud, but the
silent current of the wires that are strung like a
dragnet over the land. Day by day the roster of the
dead grows. Day by day the deadly wires add more
miles to other circuits. Literally, our homes, high
ways, villages, towns and .cities are invaded, en
veloped, surrounded. Loss of life and destruction of
property are of such constant occurrence that- the
startled community, reading "the frightful record of
death and disaster by broken, crossed, defective and
overloaded wires, cries everywhere for relief from the
omnipresent terror." :
THE MENACE OF THE WIRES.
According to the estimates of Lord Tweedmouth,
the expenditure of the South African war will amount
to a sum so large that it will have virtually cost the
British about $15,000 for each Boer in the Transvaal,
and his lordship is inclined to think they are' not
worth the money, even with their gold mines
thrown in.
We appeal to the people, who are in charge of
these worthy and interesting projects to not defeat
themselves • and leave the trees to destruction by
pushing both upon the attention of Congress at the
same time.
Driven tandem both may go through, where both
will fail driven abreast, v
They stand now wholly at the mercy of the owner,
may be reduced to beards and shakes at any time,
and the purchase of the Santa Cruz tract was not
advanced a particle by getting in the way of the
other.
Immediately Congress felt itself in the presence of
two schemes to sell timber to the Government; all
kinds of false scents were apparent to the legislative
nose, and no bill was passed to save the Calaveras
trees.
This was favorably reported to the House and the
Senate, and just then appeared the petition for the
purchase of the Santa Cruz redwoods at a cost of
probably more than a million, perhaps two millions
of dollars.
Congress had initiated the purchase of that grove
by authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to bond
it. His views of the method of proceeding were not
at one with those of the owner, and a bill was intro
duced providing for the judicial adjustment of the
title and purchase of the property.
THE effort to save the redwood forests of the
Santa Cruz Mountains is worthy of praise and,
at the proper time, of encouragement. It seems,
however, from reports that have reached us from
Washington, that it appeared in Congress just in time
to sidetrack the effort to save the Calaveras grove of
big trees.
SAVE THE TREES.
1/ The Prohibitionists, it is said, will adopt Bryan's
tactics of 1S96 in this campaign and will hire .n
special train to carry their candidate, Mr. Woollev,
on a speaking tour of the country. He will talk from
the platform of the rear car, will not have to hire a
meeting-place, and thereby will save money. Thus
the old advice. "Hire a hall," will have to give way
to "Plire a train."
acter which bears so heavily upon Na
tionalist local life and aspirations. On
Monday he will appeal to the Tories to
"come over and help us" against the
Dublin corporation and Its supporters in
the House, of whom he should, of course,
be one. On Thursday he will eat every
thing he said on Monday, as he did on
Thursday last by a speech which exact*
ly harmonized with the spirit, at any
rate, of Irish tradition. This, as Mr.
Chamberlain would say, Is pretty Fan
ny's way.
The students of the honorable gentle
man's methods have not quite satisfied
themselves that he thinks upon his legs.
His speeches, like those of the present
week, irresistibly suggest careful and
elaborate study. They savor of much oil,
though their spirit is more suggestive per
haps of the electric light. Mr. Healy.
anyway, bears himself in his walks like
a man oblivious to this world and medi
tating upon a brief for another planet. His
sardonic temperament flnd3 a special fit
ness in what some one called the honora
ble and learned gentleman's "gunpowder"
complexion. He looks like a fighter: and
his cold stare indicates a determination,
actual or simulated, to treat all men alike
with contempt. He Is a free lance, and
is an Irish Hal o* the Wynd, but not in
the mercenary sense. He cannot help it.
and it fits in with what is called "the gen
tle art of making enemies." But Mr.
Healy has no notion of making himself
the best hated man in Ireland. It Is all
the resultV of being misunderstood. Mr.
Baifour once said of the difficulty of sat
isfying the demands of the Ulster mem
bers, "I know what the eighty-five Na
tionalists want, but I cannot understand
what the twenty-two Irish Conservatives
want." Mr. Healy probably knows what
he would have his party do, but the party
is unable to analyze Healyism. conse
quently It shares the difficulty of Mr. Bai
four in regard to Ulster and Its represent
atives.
Mr. Healy is entirely a self-made man.
IT has been said of an eighteenth cen
tury classic that if he had burnt all
he wrote and published all he spoke, a
very acceptable book would have been
given to the world. That may not be said
of the honorable Member for North
Louth: first, because he has nothing to
burn; and secondly, because his speeches
must be heard to be enjoyed. This is un
fortunate for literature, but it v.'ill ease
the task of the historian. When Timothy
Healy describes a certain bill as the off
spring of "a headache at the Irish Of
fice," or twits the Government with
"feeding a dog with a bit of his own
tall." he must be seen and not read. This
is to be regretted from the point of view
of literature, but not from that of the
Irish landlords who would be its principal
victims. A new Irish Government "dole"
bill, now before the House of Commons,
is meeting with a good deal of Nationalist
opposition, and it is almost needless to
say that Mr. Healy Is at the head of this
congenial campaign. He is facile princeps
in all matters of invective. He believes
In the power of ridicule to kill at any
range; and he uses his weapon unspar
ingly. But there is at all times a winning
delicacy of touch in his humor which
alleviates the pain of Its wriggling vic
tim and makes death, in a way, amusing.
One of Mr. Healy's principal targets la
the honorable and gallant Member for
North Armagh, another is the honorable
Member for South Belfast. But the Par
liamentary tournament has this relieving
quality, all who may be unsaddled or left
to bite the dust live to fight another day.
So Colonel Saunderson and Mr. Johnston
invariably come up smiling whenever
there is a landlord to defend or an "in
terest" to succor against the raids of
gentlemen opposite. In these raids Mr.
Healy leads; and the service which he
renders to the cause common to all— that
of "Ireland for the Irish" — condones a
tendency to smite the cheek of his own
friends indiscriminately with the enemy.
Herein we obtain an instructive view of
that negative side of Mr. Healy's char-
but his great natural ability. Irrespective
ot his courage and his contempt of opin
ions, obstacles or traditions, -would alone
have pushed him to the front. This is the
more noticeable in one who passed most
f>t his youth In a railway office, for It will
be admitted that a diet of railway bills of
lading is scarcely a preparation for legis
lation, a seat in Parliament, a good posi
tion at the Irish bar and perhaps a seat
upon the bench of the Four Courts ltseTf.
But a fondness for the pen, in the groovo
of patriotic Journalism, coupled to a for
tunate marriage, caused the hero of hU
own epie to leave the rail-way a long way
behind. Mr. Healy came to the front aa
private secretary to Mr. Parnell in the lu
crative days of Kilmalnham — lucrative in
the reputation-making sense. Tet to Mr.
Healy history will accord most of the re
sponsibility for Mr. Parnell's defeat In
committee room 15. His leading charac
teristic Is sturdiness to a purpose, and
this Is to be seen in all hl3 public dealings.
He has made Parliamentary insolence a
fine art. and his irreverent description of
Mr. Speaker Peel "sitting on the pounce"
to suspend recreant Irish members la de
clared to have been sublimated in a por
trait of the ex-Speaker by a renowned TU
A. It Is untrue, however, that he pic
tured Mr. (now Sir) Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman In the character of Chief Secre
tary as. "an attempt to govern Ireland
with Scotch Jokes." ¦ Mr. Healy Is noth
ing If not industrious, and he Is said to
have been the only M. P. of his day to
grasp Mr. Gladstone's great Irish land
act. He is known to banter as "Chief Jus
tice Healy," and to the statute as author
of the "Healy clause," which rescued ten
ants' Improvements. In his private rela
tions Mr. Healy Is said to be as soft aa
velvet and aa playful as a kitten. But in
the House, or even in its lobby, there is
no opening for tenderness of this kind
whether the tradition be well founded of
not. Yet he can keep and even fill tho
House, which mark of ability is a power
given to very few in Parliament.—"On
looker" in the London Chronicle.
E. I. Wolfe, aspirant for the Republican nomination
in the Twenty-first Senatorial District, and H. C. Dib
ble, aspirant for nomination in the Forty-first Assem
bly District, are types of politicians who are of no
benefit to their constituencies or to their party. They
are of the species of legislators in whom corporations
delight and for whom Mint saloon bosses cast the
gang vote. The nomination of either of those men
will discredit the convention that gives it and weaken
the whole ticket. Moreover, such a nomination will
not assure election. It will serve merely to give th"
opposition in the district something like a walkover
unless, indeed, the Democratic bosses in the railroad
combine put up weak candidates against them. In
any case decent Republicans will refuse to vote for
them, and The Call will make public ample reasons
for the refusal. . V ///:.:¦.
There is nothing that calls for compromise with
cither bosses like Crimmins and Kelly or candidates
like Dibble and Wolfe. Plain dealing is best. The
Call is a loyal Republican newspaper, and by reason
of its loyalty to all that is good and patriotic in the
party refuses to give even a silent consent to the
toleration within it of any corrupt and corrupting
force.
It can hardly be necessary for The Call to publish
at this time the record of either Dibble or Wolfe.
They have been in politics for a good many years,
have been honored with scats in the Legislature, and
the people are fairly familiar with what they are.
Neither of them has ever represented in politics any
thing but its worst. elements; never served anything
in the State except corrupt corporations, nor ever
served them without a purpose. What is already
well known of their course in the Legislature should
be sufficient to defeat their schemes for nomination
by a Republican convention. Should it not be suffi
cient, however, The Call is prepared to publish
enough of the record of each of them to justify all
Republicans in voting against them, not only in con
vention, but at the polls.
AGAIN and again The Call has warned the peo
ple of the danger that menaces local and State
politics in this election. It has pointed out
the existence oi a combination of railroad bosses and
Mint saloon bosses, organized for the purpose of con
trolling the next Legislature. It has directed atten
tion to the fact that State Senators elected this year
will hold over for the succeeding session and have a
voice in the election oi a. United States Senator to
succeed Senator Perkins, and to the further fact that
zt the session next winter the Assembly, Senatorial
£hd Congressional districts will be fixed for ten years
to come. It has urged all the belter elements of the
Republican party to UTate in a vigorous effort to de
feat the boss-es and baffle their schemes. It has called
upon them day after day to register, to enroll in their
district c!::bs, to take part in the nomination of dele
gates for the county convention, to oppose any boss
ticket that may be put up, and to continue the fight
zgainst the bosses and their tools until the pells close
en election day.
What The Call has urged others to do it is willing
to do itself. It is making a straight, definite con
test for honest politics and good government, and
evades no issue nor avoids any foe that confronts it.
It has named the bosses who are to be beaten. It has
cfcnounced Crimmins and Kelly as the particular
bosses who are at this time to be driven out of the
Republican party, and, moreover, it has named Henry
C Dibble and E. I. Wolfe as aspirants for Republi
can nominations who must be defeated — men against
•whom the fight must be carried on from start to fin
ish, whom a decent Republican must oppose even
should the}' by any means obtain the party nomina
tion.
DIBBLE AND WOLFE AS EXAMPLES.
The famine, it is to be understood, is an economic
one and not a natural one. There is plenty of coal
not only in Great Britain, but in Germany. It hap
pens, however, that at this time it cannot be produced
cheaply enough to provide the vast industrial plants
of those countries with the fuel they need. Thus the
United States has an immense. advantage in the in
dustrial and commercial struggle that is going on
among the civilized nations. There is no lack of coal
on this continent, nor is there likely to; be for cen
turies to come.
The coal question in England is. however, much
greater than a mere problem of war. It affects all
the industrial and the commercial interests of the na
tion. While the British have not suffered from a
coal famine to anything like the extent of Germany
and Austria, the advancing price has been a serious
drawback to manufacturing. The Manchester cor
respondent of the London Chronicle recently wrote to
that journal: "Matters in connection with the Lan
cashire and Yorkshire coal industry are reported to
be assuming a most serious aspect, the demand being
far in excess of the supply, a state of things, to some
extent, due to short time worked by colliers. A cir
cular has been recently issued to coal-owners, which
states that the country is on the verge of another coal
famine, and that any political disturbance or interna
tional trouble may cause a run on a trade already ren
dered sensitive from various causes. The collieries
during the past year have not kept pace with the in
creasing demand consequent upon the enormous ac
tivity throughout coal-using industries.''
REPLYING to a question in Parliament on
Wednesday, Baifour, speaking for the Govern
. ment, stated that a bill now before the Com
mons designed to prohibit the export of. munitions
of war includes coal as well as other military stores.
JThe question was asked because of an excitement
created by the large export of "steam coal" to
France, admittedly for use in the French navy. The
particular kind of coal the French have been buying
emits comparatively little smoke, and is therefore of
great advantage for naval uses in time of war. The
British have for some time past been disturbed by
the export of that kind of coal, and it now appears
the export is to be prohibited, or at least restricted
to the same extent as other munitions of war.
THE COAL FAMINE IN EUROPE.
SUNDAY JULY 29. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Communicabris to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MA>'AGEa^jOJ^^CI^j :J^^Teleplio^
VL'HLICATIOW OKFICC.Mnrket and Third. H. V.
IVleplione Frees SOL.
EDITORIAL SOOH9....21T to 221 Stevenson St.
TclriiboDe Prcmu 2O2.
Delivered liy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per "Week.
Single Copten. S Cent*.
Trrnm »>y Mall. Inrlndinit Pontacci
DAITL.T CALL. (Including Sunday), one year T».9O
DA1LT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months J.OO
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). S morthf 1.50
t>AILT CALL— By Single Month 65o
fXJKT>A.T CALL On« Yemr -. 1.S0
WEEKXJf CALL One Tear X-00
Ail poEtmaatem nr* nnthorlxed to recelre
¦ nbucrltftlona.
Saznpla ocviea vrtll be forwarded when requested.
UU.il rjbBcr!b«r» In ordering change ©t address should t*
particular to elv« £oth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
u> isaura a prony t and correct compliance with their request.
OAici.A-in OFFICE 1118 Uroadnaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager* Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcri Dirunc* Telephone "Central 2(13.")
JCBW TOOK CORIiGSPONDENTi.
C C CARLTON Heraid Square
KEY? TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuns Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDB:
Cfcenstn House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; j
Wezaoct Hcose; Auditorium HcteL
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
VT%lderf-Actcria Hotel; A. BrecUno, U Unloa Square;
Hsrray Hill UoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hot*. !
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspond-nt.
CttATfU OFFIPES — Ef7 Mcr;t«-om»ry. corner of C!*t. ot>»ti
nuts >:*0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until »:S9 o'clock. *33
KcAl'.'.trtr. open ontll S:28 o'clock. E15 Larkln. open ust!l
I:SO o'clock. :»U iUselcn. cp«n untU 10 o'clock. Z261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cp*n until B o'clock. 109* Valencia, opea
cntU 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW oor
fter Xwenty-»econ<l and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
MR. TAT PAY HEALY-MEMBER FROM NORTH LODTH.
A CONTEMPORANEOUS PARLIAMENTARY PORTRAIT.
It is highly probable that Mr. Croker, who began
his public career «s .1 Coroner, will easily rise from
handling the dead to administering on the estate. He
will not only be administrator but residuary legatee
also, for whatever comes out of this campaign will
fall to him alone as the sovereign ruler of Greater
New York.
It was plainly to be seen at Kansas City that the
show of life in the party was due entirely to the am
bitions of a few and the fanaticism and prejudice of a
few more. Thq question was not so much this year's
campaign, but who shall control the organization for
1904. In other words, it was a question of who
should administer on the estate of the decedent.
The Gold Democracy seem to stand together upon
a principle which formerly cemented the whole party,
and show the courage of their convictions by sup
porting those who befriend that principle. In that
way the old Free Soiiers stood, gaining the balance
of power in many States, until the Republican party
issued from their loins. This year there seems to be
no doubt of their position, and perhaps in the future
the country must look to them for that opposition
party which is necessary' to the politics of a' republic.
It is probable that the Whig party died during the
administration of John Tyler, but did not miss its
breath until eight years after it had left its body.
So it is probable that Bryan Democracy is at this
moment down among the dead men.
Its attempt at accretion of Populism, Silver Repub
licanism, MormoniSm' and Coxey-armyism,' together,
is perhaps merely the post-mortem desire of the dead
to have folks at the wake.
The trouble with the Whig party was that it ceased
to have principles which were a common cement in
even' part of the Union. Many of its members agreed
with the position of the Democracy, as many Demo
crats now agree with that of the Republicans.
Others were Free Soilers and were the founders of
the Republican party. Still others became Know
Nothings, the ante-type of the Chinese Boxers.
It would appear as if that keen-sighted politician,
David B. Hill, saw the situation when he commended
the platform in his speech at Kansas City, for he said
some parts of it would be advocated in one section of
the country and other parts in other sections. When
it comes to that in a party it is on the verge of dis
integrating. When it has no common principle, fol
lowed, fought for and believed in by all its members,
everywhere, its days rre numbered.
It was so with the Whig party after the defeat of
Scott, h won in i8}.8 over a divided opposition that
was hopelessly entangled in the quarrel between Van
Buren and Cass, and held the Presidency up to March
4. 1S53. and immediately passed out of existence.
Here and there old men calling themselves "silver
greys" and "old line Whigs" used to consort, but
they had no party. Many of them followed the ex
ample of Jo Davicss. who never voted again after
the Federal party breathed its last.
There you have it. Haldeman leaves the Gold
Democracy to fight expansion, and his paper can't
live South of Mason and Dixon's line without favor
ing what he personally opposes.
Now Mr. Haldeman is part-owner and business
manager of the Louisville Courier-Journal, and has
found it necessary in order to hold the circulation of
his paper in the South to let Mr. Watterson, his part
ner and editor, make it the most rabid expansion
paper in the country!
The confusion that has followed fusion was further
shown at the meeting: of the committee of the Gold
Democracy at Indianapolis on the 25th. There was
one defection there. Mr. Haldeman of Kentucky
resigned from the committee and declared himself for
Bryan. He denounced free silver, but said it had be
come an impossibility, and he must follow his warm
admiration for freedom in all her forms by support
ing Mr. Bryan as her gentleman friend and opposing
expansion.
"paramount issue" is antagonized there, and the party
is also opposed to free silver at any ratio, as was
demonstrated by ten out of fifteen Southern States
voting against it at Kansas City.
7 -HERE are certain signs of a break-up in the
Democratic party led by Bryan. Throughout
the South it is an expansion party and wants
to hold the Philippines:, wants a cotton market, wants
commisfions in the army — wants, in fact, everything
it can lay hands on. In Tennessee Judge Snodgrass
is its candidate for the Senate, and is making his cam
paign as an expansionist of the most wide-open type.
In Alabama Senator Morgan has just beaten Gov
ernor Johnston in the party primaries by five to one
on the same issue. So it runs throughout the South,
which gives the party 120 members of the House and
about all of the electoral votes it will get. The
FUSION AND CONFUSION.
For some years past every municipality in the
United States has been engaged with more or less
earnestness in an effort to get rid of the overhead
wires, but even in the most progressive communities
such efforts have been rewarded with but compara
tively little success. Sooner or later, however, the
desired end will be achieved, and the agitation of the
subject by the insurance men will help amazingly in
hastening it.
As to the effect of the wires upon life and fire
risks, the Press says: "Every day adds new testi
mony to the already amazing record of property de
struction^ and peril to life and limb inseparable from
the use of electricity for lighting and power, and as
there is a daily increase in these uses the present
and the future risks of fire insurance companies may
well alarm insurers and insured." In another con
nection ;t says: "The electric companies go right on
multiplying the dangers regardless of results. And
they will continue to go right on until an aroused
public sentiment says 'Stop!' to the further use of
fire-causing and death-dealing overhead wires."
being wet, the wires carried the high tension current
into four buildings, causing fire in each."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY ,29, 1900.
We cannot rc!y much upon the accuracy with
which Washington, London, Paris or Berlin can size
Up ihe Chinese situation when we give due heed to
f},f announcement made the other, day that Shanghai
it skeptical of reports from Peking. When China
man can "no sabe" Chinaman, what can the white
tnsn do?
26
CASHMERE DRESS.
The dress represented In the illustration
Is of Suede cashmer«, embroidered with
silk soutaches to match; ..the tunic skirt
falls over a deep flounce of liberty satin
of the same shade. The bodice, which is
open in front, is kept in place by narrow
bars. The upper part of tne sleeves is of
plain satin anu the lower of cashmere
Upon a former occasion I had the pleas
. ure of calling attention to the -use and
progress of the People's Theater of Vi
enna,.as chronicled by William Archer In
the Theatrical World for 1S97. Not less
interesting— in some respects more inter
esting—Is the history of the People's The
ater of Berlin, as narrated by Edith Sel
lers in the Contemporary Review for
June.
The People's Theater of Vienna was
started with the immense advantage of a
splendid site, donated by the Emperor.
The People's Theater of Berlin is the re
sult of the almost unaided exertions of
one man— a poor man and a dramatic crlt- I
1c at that!
Some nine years ago this dramatic critic
—Loewenfeld by name— began preaching to
the people of Berlin the doctrine which we
express in English by the homely proverb,
"All work and no play makes Jack a dull
boy." The mechanic, the teamster, the
sewing-girl who have been tolling all day
are not so much in need of night classes
and university extension lectures as they
are of a good theater where, for a sum
within their limited means, they can be
temporarily lifted out of the dull routine
of the common task, where, their imagina
tion can be excited, their feelings touched
and their hearts be made to throb in.
; unison with the great heart of humanity.
Nine years ago there was no such thea
ter in Berlin. Excellent theaters there
* were, but their prices were prohibitive
to the poor of the city and that meant 75
per cent of the population. How to pro
vide these hundreds of thousands of peo
ple with a theater where they could see
the best plays artistically rendered at a
cost not to exceed 25 cents for the best
seats— this was the problem Lowenfeld
set himself to solve. And in spite of most
heartrending discouragements he has
solved it. This is how he did it.
Having decided that $37,500 was the
smallest working capital with which he
might dare to begin, he formed a limited
liability company to issue 3oo shares at
$125 per share. He then secured the names
of some Influential men in Berlin to in
dorse his scheme, and sent out 2000 circu
lars to the rich men of the city appealing
to them to subscribe? for the stock. In
this circular he promised that if the thea
ter was started "no propaganda of any
kind, social, political or religious, should
be tolerated." The seed of this appeal fell
indeed upon stony ground. To the 20:30 cir
culars only eighty replies were received,
and the majority of these eighty consist
ed of excuses for not subscribing. The
miserable sum of $10,000 was the net re
sult of this appeal to the rich of Berlin —
that is, to the people who could easily
afford to go to the theater themselves,
and who therefore failed to realize that
the poor needed amusement and humani
zation as well as they. Professional men
—artists authors, university professors—
were next written to. and they responded
somewhat better; $15,000 represented the
sum gf their subscriptions. This made
$25 000 in hand, but all efforts to raise the
remaining $12,500 were fruitless.
Most men at this stage of the game, I
think would have cried out a hearty
amen to Mr Vanderbilt's famous denun
ciation of the public and would have
thrown down the cards In disgust. Not so
Loewonfeld; he was made of sterner sturr,
of such are martyrs. Confronted with the
alternative of abandoning the enterprise
altogether or cf taking a risk compared
with which a Cape Nome beach claim Is a
sure thing, he chose the latter; he actu
ally started the Peoples Theater-2o cents
for the best seats, remember with Schil
ler and Shakespeare on the bill. Hfl actu
ally started such an enterprise on a capi
tal of $25 000. Expenses for the first year
he knew would be about as follows:
Rent of a tluater (tho Schiller)... $15,000
Lighting and heating 3,000
Wear and tear of hcenery, prop
• erties. etc 2.^00
Salaries • **.£•»{
Sundries 1 -"*-'°
Total SS1.000
The .Schiller Theater scats 120") people.
In order to take In this JSl.tXW Loewenfeld
knew that at his^prlces he must have full
houses 160 days In th** year. If he had
onlv two-thirds houses by the <-nd of the
year he would have lost practically all
his capital. This last mentioned result
was affably predicted for him by the wise
acres, and they certainly had appearances
on their side. On his side was confidence
in himself as a manager and confidence
that the masses needed and would appre
ciate what he proposed to give them.
To insure full houses every night a reg
ular clientele Is necessary'. To obtain this
Loewenfeld. with the aid of all the non
polltical labor organizations he could
reach, organized the Theater Union. Each
member of this union buys a little book
containing six tickets, one of which is
good for the same seat on say six alter
nate Tuesdays. These tickets, if for the
gallery, cost but 6 cents apiece. They
may bo paid for on installment and may
be resold by the purchaser. When the
book Is used up the spectator may buy
another book for another night of the
week, but he cannot change from one
nfarht to another on the same book. This
simple device does much to prevent an
overflow house one night and a poor one
another night. Loewenfeld sold six thou
sand of these books before he opened the
doors of his theater.
The first performance of the People's
Theater was given on the 30th of August,
]JM. The play was Schiller's "Die Raeu
ir." The house was crowded v.1th an
audience filled with curiosity and fore-
bodinp. It was not supposea mat so am
bitious a play could be properly rendered
with the limited means at the director's
command and with the low-salaried actors
whom he was obliged to employ. Happily
the croakers croaked in vain. It was
afrain demonstrated that with an uplift
ing play and a first rate directing mind
excellent results can be obtained with ,i
company that contains not a sinjr!* 1 Stan
The tlrst performance at the People \a
Theater was a Krf-at success, as all tha
critics acknowledged.
From the hish standard then set i:;>
th*-re has betn no fallir.s off. Loo •¦¦.-¦ ¦>>.
it-id's policy, as announced In his own
words, was: "To-Uay Schiller and Cal
deron, to-morrow Ilebel and Ibsen; to-day-
Sophocles, to-morrow Shakespeare: to
day Faust, to-morrow * Vielchenfreaser.'
• • • On us everything has a claim that
expresses noble thoughts in a beautiful
form." This policy has been adhered to.
Moreover, the detestable long run system
has never been permitted to effect a lodg
ment in the People's Theater. The result
is that the theater has in its repertoire
no less than one hundred and thirty-six
plays. "More. I am inclined to think."
say's Miss Sellers, "than all the London
theaters put together."
At the end of the first year the People'3
Theater had given artistic productions of
thirty-seven different plays. Including
such pieces as Schiller's "Wallenstein"
and Ibsen's "Brand." and did not lose a.
dollar. Since then it has so prospered
that It now pays the shareholders 5 per
cent Interest and has a surplus profit to
devote to permanent improvements.
Kvery now and then Loewenfeld. on a.
Wednesday afternoon, invites 1200 school
children to witness some masterpiece, and
great then is the rejoicing in the heart
of young Berlin. The actors are now
Klven a two months' holiday every year,
and the scale of prices, though slightly
advanced, la still astonishingly low— six
cents for the poorest seats and thirty
seven for the best.
• • •
Is such a theater possible In San Fran
cisco to-day? I think not, and for two
reasons. First, we have not. so far as t
know, any Loewenfeld with genius for
theatrical organization and a •willingness
to endure the slinks and arrows of that
outrageous fortune which would surely
select him as a shining mark. Second, as
a people we have nor yet learned to tako
our theater seriourly and a manasrer
whose repertoire was dVawn from Fehil
ler. Calderon, Hebel, Ibsen, Sophocles,
Shakespeare and Goethe would not. I
think, play to rnore than half houses even
at thirty-seven cents for tie best seats.
AVlth our higher scale of salaries that
would mean a loss of about 150.000 a year.
Now. $50,000 a year is just the Interest, at
5 per cent, on a million dollars — which, in
turn. Is Just the sum we need for an en
dowed theater that shall do for our peo
ple what the gallant I^oewenfeld is do!n?
for the people of Berlin.
"MY NAME IS WILLIAM McKINLEY. I:
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
THE PEOPLES THEATRE
OF BERLIN
CAN WE DUPLICATE IT HERE?
Brazil and walnut candy. Townsend's •
¦ » »
Peanut crlsp3. Townsend's. 625, Palace.*
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Towrraend's.*
Delicious pineapple at Townsend'a. •
Cream kisses. Townsend's, 6E>. Palace.*
Butter scotch, butter logs, caramels, mo-
lasses buttercups. TownsenU's' €33. Palace. •
Townsend'g Cal. glace fruits. SOc a lb in flr»
etched boxes or Jap baskets. 633 Market street
Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaii Cohn— Monday, July CO, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at
rC12 13ro<ierick FtrwL
AMUSEiLEUTS.
Tlvcll— "Wans."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Columbia— Burton Holmes Lectures.
Ori-heum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Great Ruby."
California— "Hy the Sad Sea Waves."
Olympia, corr.t-r Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theattr — Vaudeville every afternvion and
rweniue-
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Eaa Mateo Courslnff Park— Coursing.
Keereailen Park — P.asebalL -
Futro Ilaths — Open eights.Charles T. Linehan was arrested yester
day by Detectives Dinan and Wren and
Policeman Geimann and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of ourelary. He
lived in the United States Hotel on Eddy
street and is accused of breaking into the
room of Thaddeus S. Fritz a few days
apo and stealing a valise containing some
valuable papers. The valise was found in
his room.
Charged With Burglary.
School Board Authorizes Them to
Consolidate Such Teachers as
Classification Bequires.
The Board of Education '.yesterday is
sued a circular of information to the
principals of the public schools. A meet
ing of principals will be held on Friday.
August 3, at 1:45 p. m. in the boards
chambers. The circular further says:
A meeting of principals and of seventh and
eighth grade teachers having any boys in their
classes will be held on Monday. August «.
l&ctf. at 4 o'clock in the lecture room of tha
Mission High School.
Detailed reports as to efficiency of all Jani
tors, particularly as to their observance of
RULES FOR GUIDANCE
OF THE PRINCIPALS
J. J. McCarthy resigned as hoseman of
engine 12. and W. J. Wren was selected
from the waiting list to fill the vacancy.
The board will petition the Mayor to
recommend the Supervisors to create the
office of veterinary surgeon for the de
partment and for permission to make th«
appointment.
The contract for a delivery wagon was
awarded to R. Nugent, the price being
$175. There were four bids and Xugent'a
was the lowest.
The Eoard of Fire Commissioners met
yesterday and decided that the water
mains on San Bruno avenue to Fifteenth
avenue south be increased from four-inch
to twelve-inch and that new hydrants bo
put in. The Chief reported that Silver
avenue from Seventeenth south to San
Bruno was in an impassable condition.
Chief Sullivan was granted a leave of
absence for thirty day3 from August 2.
VETERINARY SURGEON
FOR FIRE DEPARTMENT
Among the coming events of extraordln
arv Interest in the line of pleasure travel
is an excursion to Mexico City, which the ,
Southern Pacific has decided to give in j
November next, leavine: San Francisco on |
Wednesday, the 14th. The round trip rate
will be SS>) from San Francisco. $70 from 1
Los Angeles and in proportion from othe>
parts of the State.
The excursion is to be under the person
al management of William H. Mentcn. the
company's well known excursion agent,
who is well acquainted with Mexico,
speak? It3 language and understands
thoroughly how to direct side trips ana
other movements so that the most may be
trained from the trip. Liberal time for
return will be allowed by the railroads,
and more complete details will be an
nounced from time to time.
for November 14th.
EXCURSION TO
CITY OF MEXICO
Announced by the Southern Pacific
Owing to the classification Into el^ht
grades, first grades last year beexme sec
ond grades this year and so on, the eighth
grades last year becoming advanced
elphth grades this year. At Christmas
some of the advanced eighth grade pupils
may be ready for the high schools.
Principals are authorized to consolidate surh
teachers as the classification under the rules
of the board requires.
the last orders sent to them by the board,
must be submitted at once.
Lessons In cooking are to be given to the
girls of the seventh grade during tha last ha!;
and to the elrls of the eighth grade durtn?
the first half of each school year. The lessons
¦will be Riven once a week to groups of twenty
trirls, win continue one hour and a half and
will count in the pupils" yearly standing. The
seven corking and manual training centers In
the department and their entire equipment a«
for the exclusive u?e of the cooking and of
the manual training classes, and are to be no
part of the schools In whose buildings they ar»
located.
Professor Joseph W. Richards, at a re
eest meeting of the Franklin Institute,
la Philadelphia, delivered an address up
cn progress in the aluminum industry.
Two points therein discussed have
cj-T'eciai interest to the Pacific Coast. Pro
fessor Richards' conclusions will prob
f^-bly be debated more or less. "Electric
-"onductors," said Professor Richards,"
y czzi now be laid more cheaply in alum
inum than in copper. This is indeed a
startling statpment when first heard, for
tlmort every one Is wont to consider cop
per as the metal par excellence for con
ductors. But pure aluminium has over S)
per cent the conductivity of pure copper.
tind is fully as strong and resistant to at
mospheric influences. It Is therefore only
necessary to take an aluminum wire one
tourth as large again in diameter as a
copper wire «giving a little over 50 per
cent more pecJon) to get equal conduc
tivity. Such a wire weighs one-half as
much as the copper wire it replaces, and
costs only two-thirds as much. Lor.g
«iistance transmission lines and trcllcy
llne feed wires are boing put in In alumi
num as fast as the makers can supply the
rr.' :a!. Over 5yO ton? of aluminum were
Used for this purpose last year, and prob
ubiy double as much will be used this
year. This one use of aluminum prom
ises in the near future to consume it3
thousands of tons a year."
Concerning the use of aluminum in a.1
3oys Professor Richards said:
The cext treat Improvement has been in the
fuccosful manufacture of light strong alloys.
"•*-•» Jia« bwa a subject at which me!aJ!ur
wzizxt »7ave worked hard and long, and their la
bors are bearing fruit la abundance. Pure
aluscinum be* ir-any rwrcblances to pure enp
r*r Take away the r*d color of copper, and
Ita «oftr.esF, ir.a;iea.fcilit>-. toughness si ky 8
1tot« frarture are almost exactly dupltcatM
h- alBmlsna; but they are both soft, rather
vv-ak metals. Five r*r cent of aluminum.
*-;!<^.V, or msrrancf* or 29 r«»r o*>r.t c,i zlr.'-
Effect of Tariff on Lead Profits.
Giinpses of "Workings Among
the Hines of Various
Counties.
Large Increase cf Mineral
Output of Antipodes Is
Reported.
RICHARDS TELLS
OF FUTURE USES
FOR ALUMINUM
Baby Show, Exciting Contests and
Dancing Made the Outing a
Success — Results of the
Races.
• .
Barring a baby show, which created
some feeling in the minds of fond
mothers whose children were not award
ed prizes, the annual reunion of the par
ishioners of St. Joseph's Church, heM
yesterday in -Shell Mound Park, was a
brilliant success. There was a large at
tendance and not an accident or incident
marred the pleasures of the day. The
picnic grounds being so close to the city,
the parishioners were enabled to journey
there during the afternoon and every
train deposited a large crowd of pleasure
seekers.
The knowledge that a baby show for
prizes would be a star feature of the day's
programme was sufficient lor the mat
rons. Every one of them brought their
cooing darlings along and every house
hold joy was dressed in his or her very
best bib and tucker. More than fifty
babes were entered for the contest and as
usual there were not enough prizes to go
around. Mothers held interested audi
ences while they expatiated on the tine
dualities of their cherubs, and after the
ririzes were awarded relatives held indig
nation and sympathy meetings. The
1ud<?e3 of the contest had no sinecure and
before they had reached their decision
were sorry they had ever accepted the
honor of choosing the handsomest and
fattest bov and girl babies In the bunch.
Mrs M J. Maguire, Mrs. A. F. Black
and'Mrs. J. J. Miley acted as judges of
the bovs. and T. R. Hamilton. T. Nolan
and P.'Kelley judges of the girl babies.
Rev P Scanlon, rector of St. Joseph's
Church. Rev. Hugh Lagan and Rev. Fath
ers Collins, Hartnett. Sullivan and Keane
were guosts of honor at the outing and
entered heartily into the pleasures of the
dav The races were hotly contested and
we're watched by a large crowd. Jimmy
Lawler, champion lightweight of the
coast, acted as judge and his decisions
were not questioned. Dancing in the pa
vilion was greatly enjoyed by the young
Members of the Well-Known
Church Spend Happy Day
Together.
ANNUAL REUNION
OF ST. JOSEPH'S
PARISHIONERS
HABEAS CORPUS
RIGHTS CANNOT
BE SET ASIDE
Hugh Buchanan's Case De
cided by Supreme Court
in His Favor.
He Will Be Sent Back to Yuba to Be
Trisd for a Murder Com
mitted Five Years
Ago.
VAPA July 28. — The decision of the Su
preme Court* in tho Hugh Buchanan case
meets with general approval by Napa peo
ple When notified to-day of the court's
decision in his case Buchanan was de
lighted and expressed a great desire to
go back to Marysville and stand trial for
his crime in preference to being confined
in the Napa State Hospital under Dr.
Gardner. ; He said that he could hardly
tell how he did feel to know that he was
a sane man now, but thought that he
would really realize it again.
District Attorney Bell of this county,
who first took the Buchanan case in
hand and later ceased his activity in it be
cause of his , being a public officer, is
highly elated over the outcome and his
victory over Dr. Gardner and the tatter's
attorneys. Buchanan will be taken to
Marysville as -soon as the proper time
comes. WBfefmUgBBE^aSQgfe^t^gi
JJucanan was not called as a witness,
but simply to show the condition of his
mind, and hj made a very rational state
ment of fa^s pertaining to himself. The
expert testimony was very conflicting,
some of the asylum physicians differing
very materially from Dr. Gardner. Chief
Justice Beatty, who wrote the opinion,
takes the position that habeas corpus is
supreme over all laws and statutes, and
that the superintendent of an asylum for
the care of the insane Is not superior to
the laws of the land. If the ( applicant is
sane he is entitled to have a trial and
judgment as to his guilt or innocence, as
guaranteed by the constitution; to keep
him under restraint all of his life would
be to deprive him of his legal rights. The
higher court went into the facts as well
as the law, and found that Buchanaxi
showed perfect possession of his faculties
and a complete ability to conduct his de
fense. It will be seen that this was oppo
eite to the findings of Judge Jones, who
declared that the man was insane. The
order of the higher court was that Bu
chanan be returned to the custody of the
Sheriff of Yuba County; that his trial in
the Superior Court of that county might
be proceeded with. Justice McFarland
differed from his associates as to the
man's sanity. '
A year ago friends and relatives began
proceedings to have the man removed to
1'uba for trial, claiming that he had re
covered his • normal mental condition
which Dr. A. M. Gardner denied. The
late Judge Jones then occupied the Napa
bench, and he decided that proceedings
would have to be begun In the countv
from which the man had been committed.
This the Supreme Court overruled and
Buchanan's petition for a writ of habeas
corpus was allowed. Far three weeks a
dozen of the brightest lawyers in the
State were engaged in the case in -Napa,
and the result was that Buchanan was
declared by Judge Jones to be insane and
he was committed back to the custody of
Dr. Gardner. Another application for a
writ of habeas corpus was made to the
Supreme Court and allowed. Months ago
this was taken up and the unusual spec
tacle was presented of an alleged insane
man appearing in the Supreme Court as
an "exhibit."
The Supreme Court in the Hugh Bu
chanan habeas corpus case has decided
that even where a person's sanity is in
question he has the right of habeas cor
pus, although the superintendent of an
Insane asylum may pronounce the appli
cant mentally irre*ponsible. Heretofore
the statutes of the State have been very
liberally construed on this point, and the
judgment of the superintendent of an asy
lum as to a person's sanity was accepted
as final. Five years ago Hugh Buchanan
while on a drunken spree killed a man in
Marysville, Yuba County. After the trial
had been in progress several days the
defense set up that the murderer was not
of sound mind. The Judge suspended the
trial and called in another'jury to try the
issue of Buchanan's sanity. This jury
concluded .that the man was insane and
he was committed to Xapa.
Some mining facts from Tuolumne
County are as follows: The Starr King
mine is being unwatered. It is under a
$25,000 bond. The Providence shaft is be
ing sunk from the TOO to the S00 level un
dtr contract. D. Pennington has bonded
hi? property at the head of the Marlowe
diggings to San Francisco people for
Jis 00). Work is In progress in the Dead
Horse mine between the U'JO and 1500 lev
els. The amalgam from the Seminole
group has been attached through bills
contracted by a former management. . At
the Hunter mine, on Hunter Creek, quartz
has been encountered from a drift in the
130-foot level. From present indications
there will be plenty of water to run the
Grizzly. Providence and Dead Horse
mines during, the summer months. The
machinery is being taken from the Lady
Washington mine. This property lies be
tween the Dead Horse and Grizzly mines
and is the Fame vein. The Comstock
mine, situated about a mile north of the
New 'Albany and owned by Messrs. Ray
mond and Jonis. has a tunnel driven 135
feet At the CJrizzly mine sinking under
contract fro:n the 7<O to the S00 level is in
progress. A part of the management of
the Santa Ysabel Mining Company has
arrived at Stent from the East. It is ex
pected that this property, which has been
practically closed for some time past,
will be started up again.
The Mountain Copper Company will
burn crude oil In Its works at Keswick.
Shasta County. The Afterthought mine
will put in new pumps and cages at
F Nottce\>f location of water rights is re
corrW in Sierra County, in which 20,000
inches of the North Yuba River are
i-lained to be diverted at a point west
of Goodyear Bar for domestic purposes
and for generating electric power at Ala
harna Bar. twelve miles below Goodyear
R. A- Watson quartz mine at Shady
Run Placer County, has been bonded. by
a Stockton company and tha vrork or
elnklnff 100 feet has begun.
All former decisions in which it was
hr!d that a deputy mineral surveyor could
r.ot locate claims for mineral lands, on
the pround that he is a United States of
ficer havo bpen overturned by the Serre
tary'of the Interior In a decision involving
the" location of mineral claims in Cripple
Creek Colo. W. H. Iyofflngwell made en
tries in December, 1S37. for three groups
of claims. After the entries were made
the Land Department refused to issue
ratc-nts and held the entries invalid for
the reason stated above. The decision
wns rendered in September. 1S03. In this
last opinion it is held that the section of
the Revised Statutes heretofore quoted
does not apply to mineral land surveyors,
inasmuch as they are not employes of the
Government within the meaning of the
law. and they can make entries for min
eral lands ar.d receive patents therefor..
This applies to mineral land surveyors
everywhere.
The total value of production of the col
ony to the close of 1H&9 was: Silver, £27.-
BS2JS7; lead. £135.43y. and zinc, £112.*7a.
The value of the copper raised was £399,
$•14, making that of ihe total output to the
close of the year £7,66S,62L The tin pro
duction represented a value of £9^,428,
bringing: that of the total quantity ob
tained to A:i".72!«.30«j. In coal there was a
decrease In production, but a substantial
incrtasf in value, the quantity raised be
ing 4.5$«7,<}2S tons, valued at £1 ,325.798. a de
ciease of L09J23 tons on 1S3S. but an in
crease of £53£G6 in value. The total out
put to the close of ISM was &5,96&.13S tons,
valtio £35.647.W4. The shale mines pro
duced 36,719, tons, value £4S.S23, the total
output to the close of the year being SK5.
.<^2 tons, value £1.»S.4S2. That the coke
Industry of the colony is assuming con
siderable dimensions is shown by the fact
that during 18S3 there were manufactured
M.^ ton?, valued at £77.130. or 14.31S tons
in excess of the output of 185$. represent
ing an increase in value of £12.935. The
value of the coke produced to the end of
1£S8 was £371408. The iron industry still
belongs to the future, but an official ex
amination of the colonial iron ore deposits
has be<*n continued throughout the year
in anticipation of the attention which is
pure to be devoted to them before long.
The tntal production to the close of 1S99
was 4:o tons, value £979S.
Statistics have been prepared showing
that the value of the mineral products of
New South WaltF in 1S&'.' was j^0,157,5i»7, a
mining journal says, or an increase of
i^LXMiJSU on the previous year, the num
ber of miners ana colliers employed being
r.t-arly 43.C\K>. The quantity of gold ob
tained was •iM.li*) ounces, an increase of
1L5.7U3 ounces on the year, making the to
tal production of the colony since its first
discovery something liiie l:J,W>2. irsi ounces,
valued at £47.54o.0U. The value of the
Eilver output. Including silver, silver lead,
silver ore and silver sulphide, increased
£306 ff'Z over 1S3S. The improved methods
of treatment at Broken riill contributed
largely to the Increase.
Charles \V. Kendricks, United States
Consul at Juarez. Mexico, writes that the
next two or three years promise to bring
about large mining development in that
district.
! added to cori^r make famously Ftrong tircnze
cr brass. Similarly. 5 per cent of copper,
j nickel cr manganese or 30 per cent of zinc
! adied to alumtr.uni make strong m<?ta.l? as riei>i
] as bronze; vet enly one-third as heavy. Such
1 light Ftror.s, pood caftsris and machlnincr al
j loy have an extremely large Held of usefulness
and will receive a very large application in tee
near future.
people. An excellent band discoursed pop
ular miiKic from morn till sunset.
Following are the results of the races:
Boys' rare, under 10 years— J. Murphy won,
Peter Ccrnan second.
Boys' racf, under 16— D. Shea won, G. O'Man
dy second.
Girls' race, under 10— Dorcthy Dusan won.
Anne McElaruey second.
Girls' race, under 16 — Miss Coyne won. Miss
Gallagher second.
Young men's race— J. Coblelgh won. J. Sulli
van second.
Young men's three-legged race— Messrs. A.
McDonald and K. Tracy won, M. O'Connor and
G. Sartorlous second.
Younjf ladies' race— Miss Fowler won. Miss
Lueette second.
Married men's race— Mr. Curley won. Mr.
Powlson second.
Three-leased race, boys under 13— P. Harrlgan
and J. Lynch won, G. Robinson and J. Mur
phy second.
Hop. step and jump— J. Penselly won, J.
Lawlor second.
High Jump— Rev. Father Sullivan won, J.
Pensilly second.
Altar society collectors' race— Miss Bowen
won. Miss Douglas second. Miss Murphy third,
Mlsa Black and Miss Murry fourth.
Sanctuary pewlns circle — Miss Sophie won.
Active members St. Vincent de Paul Society—
J. Nolan won. G. McElarney second.
Altar boys' race^ — Daly won, Feely second,
McElarney third.
Members of the League of the Cross — P. Cor
ran won, F. Burns second.
YounR Men's Sodality, Branch No. 1, race—
Lycette first, Kidd second. Walsh third.
Younc Men's Sodality. Branch Xo. 3 — Ryan
won. Harrmston s^cor.d, O'Xeil third.
Young Men's Sodality No. 3— Ryan won. Tie
second. Bowen third.
Sodality of Holy An?els' Branch No. 1— A.
Sullivan won. A. Dapello second.
Sodality Holy Angels* Branch No. 2 — Miss
Sharkey won. Miss Bowen second, Miss Lyons
third.
Sodality of the Infant JeFus— Miss Doroughty
wr>n .Miss Sophie second. M:ss Larkin third.
Fat woman's race— Mrs. McQuade won, Mrs.
Lycette second, Mrs. Flaherty third.
Fat men's race— E. Connolly won, J. Kil
kenny second.
Following are the winners In the baby
contest: Joseph O'Connor. Clement Mc-
Donald. Walter Mapulre. Alfonso Toomey. i
"Baby" Dunn. Johnny Smith, Ethel
Murry, Ransona Marie Powelson, Ger- j
trtide Kelly. Mary McEneany, Alice
Dowliner and Hazel Asmussen.
The success of the reunion was due to
the efforts of the following named general
committee:
J. T. Dowllng; chairman; E. C. Curtis, secre
tary; Mis? Simpers, assistant secretary; Mme*.
Black. Mlley. Denny. Ford. Angrlln. Johnson.
-TeKgert, Bayreuther, . O'Connor and Misses
Simpers. McEUlgott, Tavalara and Crowley. T.
E Treacev P. M. O'Connor, James Lawler,
P.' P. .Curtis, R. P. Doolan, F. Schilling. T.
Fltzeerald. J. J. Mlley. T. R. Hamilton. James
McElearney, James McDermott, T. T. Otis.
Mr Williams. P. Kelly, A. J. Campbell. G.
W.' Baymither, T. Nolan. D. O'Neil. Harry K
I/Tcklin. John A. Mitchell. Daniel Kearney. Ed
ward T. Mullaly. Gus Asmussen, Richard
Dunnlpan. Edward Luoitt. Howard Thurber. R_
McCann. ! X J. Wilkinson. John Mclnemey,
John Walters, E. P. Enright and Dr. Donlon.
erously In its distribution than he had ar
ranged by his will.
Dr. Cogswell confined his bequests for
charitable and philanthropic purposes to a
few Eastern libraries. "
After pioviding for payment of his just
debts he makes a specific bequest of $VX).
000 to his wife, to be paid as soon as pos
sible under the law. The testator adds:
"In this connection I dV-sire to say that I
have already made a very substantial gift
to mv said wife, amountins to the sum of
(€7,000 or thereabouts in cash. She has
been my companion in life's battles for a
half-century; together we have struggled
in adversity and rejoiced in prosperity.
To her valuable assistance I owe much of
my success in life, and to her sweet d s
pcsiUon and lovely character I am indebt
ed for whatever happiness I have enjoyed
during life's journey, and now. .as it draws
to a close, let me tenderly commend her
to the kindly assistance and considera
tion of all my friends, to the end that her
declining years may be as full of happi
ness and contentment as her many vir
tues and noble traits of character de
serve."
After the other specific bequests have
been paid the remainder of the estate goes
to the wif<». Not more than £40,000 or S50,
000 is otherwise bequeathed.
•The other devisees are as follows;
Lyman Cogswell, half-brother, $1000;
Henry Cogswell, nephew. $500: Frank
Cogswell, nephew, $500; George Cogswell.
$500; niece Angie, daughter of half-brother
Lyman, $500; three children of Martha
Knight Phelps. half-sister, of Stafford
Springs. Conn.. $500 each; Mrs. Josle Si
mor.ds Tracv and R. Hartley, nieces. $500
each; Mrs. Sarah Cogswell, wife of half
brother Lyman, of South Coventry, Conn.,
$1000; Fred Pressley and Flora P. Carpen
ter, nieces. $4000 each; Mrs. Alice Ad
zitt. half-sister. Chicago. $1000; William
and Albert Myheers. her sons, $500 each;
seven children of Mrs. Pherrilla Remer.
half-sisfier. $500 each; to William Remer.
their father. tSOO; Rhoda Greenfield, half
sister. $1000; her two children. $500 each:
four children of C. W. Cogswell, deceased
brother, each $500; Rosie Cojrswell, their
mother. $500; James L- Cogswell, brother,
life estate in gore lot at Montgomery ave
nue and Kearny street, San Francisco, at
his death to go to his daughters. E. May
and Florence Cogswell, who shall pay
their mother $5000 out of proceeds.
The nineteenth clause of the will makes
the bequest to these nieces rrhich the
codicil revokes.
Daniel Matteson. a cousin, of Utica. N.
Y.. $500: to his sister. $500: to Pawtucket
Methodist ehnrch. $1000: to city of South
Coventry. Conn.. $1000 for benefit of public
library started by testator many years
1 pro: to town of Orwell. Oswego County,
N; Y.. $101-0 for public library.
William G. Henshaw is named as execu
tor, to act without bonds. The petition
for probate. will be filed Monday.
Provision Made for Many Relatives in the D:c
tor's Will— Wife Gets Greater Portion.
Contestants Cut Off.
FORTUNE IN GOLD
LEFT BY COGSWELL
Bulk of the Aged Philanthropist's
Estate Consists of Coin in
Various Banks>
THE will of the late Henry D. Cogs
well, the pioneer philanthropist, be-'
queathinff the bulk of a $500,000 es
tate to his wife, Caroline E. Cogs
well, was filed yesterday in the County
Clerk's office by Attorneys Reed & Xus
bnumer, of Oakland, for William G. Hen
shaw, executor of the estate.
The will consists of the original testa
ment, dated October 6, 1*09. and a codi
; cil dated November 17, 1S33," which revokes
i two bequests made in the body of the in—
1 strument. The original bears the names
: of Dr. George Chismore and Dr. Beverly
j MacMcnagJe, both of San Francisco, as
! witnesses, and the codicil signature was
i witnessed by George E. Jackson and
I Percy C. Black, both of Oakland. .
The estate left by the pioneer capital
! ist is in excellent condition. It -consists
j of more than $300,000 in cash in banks.
, About 1200.000 of that Is on deposit in the
! East, and Si. JO ,000 represents coin deposits
i in San Francisco. The remainder of the
! estate is in stocks and bonds, and some
I real estate in San Francisco.
A large number of bequests, ranging
| from 53CO to $l'J00, are made to many
: nieces and nephews.
By the codicil E. May Cogswell and
i Florence Cogswell, nieces, are cut out of
i a bequest of 275 shares of the Oceanic
I Steamship ¦ Company stock devised to
! them in the oriKinal will. A bequest of
i $2<XiO to Professor E. O. Jameson of Bos
! ton. Mass., is also revoked, no reason be
ing assigned in either case.
Mrs. Marion Stevens, a niece, of San
Francisco, and Don Alvaro Skellinger, a
nephew, of Santa Monica, are omitted
from mention.
In anticiration^of any possible contest
of any provision's of his will, Dr. Cogs
well placed the fallowing paragraph in it:
If any one or more of the persons mentioned
i and referred to in this, my will, contests or
enters into any litigation with respect to my
will, or any of the provisions of the same, or
in anv court attempts to vacatp or set aside
the provisions thereof, or any of them, either
directly or indirectly, then and in that case
all the provisions of this, my will, In favor of
person or persons makinjr such litigation shall
' be revoked, annulled and pet aside, and such
j person or persons shall take no part or por
' lion of the said property or estate: and as to
any iepacles which may have been provided
or Riven to «-uch person or persons, the same
shall I* treated as lapsed legacies and shall
revert to my estate.
While there is no intimation as yet of
contests, it is evident from the ironclad
! terms of this clause that the aged doctor
1 did not feel entirely secure that some of
j his numerous relatives would not eye his
fortune with a view to sharing more gon-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
w
27
BY DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
That Is a record to be proud of, and is ona iiJKp^ J^iv^V "The laborer Is worthy of bis hire"— end It
which may be verified by any honest inquirer, to j^frfi:"*- £& Vi fl * s not a buslness proposition to offer medical ap-
whom I will be pleased- to show the testimonials %M&M%**%^ pliances and treatment free. I charge no more
received from the grateful patients who to-day are S§P/ jS§§^ iV *W$ft **!? 3^ C } en .\ to " ver the cost °f construction, le-
receiYcu n« & r ilftS-jrA'2 tif VvM^ft? -Tj eitimate Incidental expenses and a fair business
¦ recommending my. appliances to their friends in WL^ UwM B profit. If I did more than this I would be dishon-
every State in the Union. . yfrj&i&f est ' if x did less x would not have been before the
As a cure for debility, rheumatism, varicocele, public for 30 years. My belt is the standard of
kidney, liver and bladder troubles, my belt has a # |w^_^^^® VSfWglf?'/ the worldl Jt is patented and can be had only
reputation extending over thirty years. . jjj^M^^^&^^^^^S^^^^^^^ ¦ ' rom mc * * |B«
My Free Book Tells All About II, 0FFICE HouRs-Daiiy^ 9 to e.
. Or Call and Sea Me. . s™**y* 10 i-
DR. T. A. SANDEN, JS O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cal.
CC«C-OOOCOO O O O O O O GCOCCGwO
C Q
I STOCK! I
c o
o — i o
gFolIjf Paid and Kon-Assessable.s
| Holder Secured Against Loss, |
§ 3OO ACRES §
gIN COALING A DISTRICT.|
(5 AU CF SECTION a. O
Q ONE-FOUKTH or SECTION Ji. O
q TOWNSHIP 21 BOUTIL O
q RANGE 15 EAST. M. D. M. Q
o rnoDUCiNO wells on all sides. q
q CALL OR £r.\D rGXi PROSPECTUS. ©
I OPHIR OlFcOMPANY, g
§^-.:ni 14, Fifth Floor, Mills BalUiiig.g
O EAN FRANCISCO. O
, fS Lc« Angeles Office— 402 Douclas Block. O
ooooooooo o o o o o o ococooooo
Use the Maal | *
.
LIN0LEUH5— The kind made of "
ground cork and boiled linseed oil, «
elsewhere sold for 75c, here at . . 4i?C
MATTINGS— Hundreds of rolls, high
grads (Government Contract Brand),
i Pretty Carpet Effects, from 9c ? 13c,
15c, 25c, SSc. This is very nearly
half price.
WALK in AMD LOOK AROUND.
-?• ¦ ~" T
tf* 228 Powell St., g& -^g O"TS
? ' » ZZZ
g
I .
and these bargains
await you:
LEATHER GOODS.
IMITATION ALLIGATOR CLUB BAGS, good lock and key and lines Used.
10 in. 11 In. 12 in. 13 in. 14 In.
.1Oc 55c «Oe «5e «5c
BETTEIl GRADE-ln genuine leather with heavy linen l:r!ns and strong frame.
10 In. 11 In. 12 In. 13 In 14 In. 13 In M to. XT to. M to.
7r,c 85o or»c 91. or. fi.i5 fi^ss fijaa *ias *i.o.»
FIXOKR PT'RPKS— Including one large Initial to each rur?e. 25c. 35c. 5Oc. 75>.
8."o. ?1.U1». ?t^>l». etc.
BRUSHES and MIRRORS.
I TOOTH BRUSHES— Special sale rs! Tooth Fi-.tshes. former price 2Zc each^: th!*^
week * ¦"' *°
KEKP-CLEAN HAIR BRrSHF.S-The most durable ail-bristle hair brush; regular
prlre 7^: this week ,V^ i-o »-l
Special sale of WHISK BROOMS 1Oc - loC - ~£
I MINIATURE MIRRORS— sold everywhere fcr 2Cc; our rrtce l"«
PLATED WARE.
CHILD'S PETS (Rogers Bros.*. 1M7) In fancy and plain patterns fl.OO
SILVER PLATED SUGAR SPOONS and BUTTER KNIVES In a variety of pat-
terns at -£ '£
PERRY DISHES with silver rlated frarr.es and colored siass bowls *}'"'
I SILVER PLATED CRUMB TRAT and SCR-\PER at $1.73^»et
SILVER PLATED CHILD'S CUPS, nicely ensraved — >c
SILVER PLATED PICKLE CASTERS 91.OO
SILVER PLATED COFFEE SPOONS, fancy patterns, one-half dozen la lined box.. .1c
HEAVY SILVER PLATED BREAD TRAYS flJJO
SILVER PLATED 4-PIECE TEA SETS, engraved or satin finish; set consists of
teapct, sugar bowl, spoon holder and cream pitcher t 9t».O<>
SILVER PLATED SOUP LADLES In fancy or plain patterns $1.5J>
CREAM LADLES (Rogers Bros. 1 1S47). fancy patterns T5c
OUR SPECIALTY— The Grinding ani Repairing of Knives, Razors
and Scissors.
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
\ Crowds JL XLJt 1 U^JlJu 11 M
Who are going to Pattosien's Big rTurnituro Exposition Building to buy their
household goods. Tho psopb who crowd our store day after day are absoute
proof that we sell better goods for less money than any house in the city. W3
are now o fsri^ig SPECIAL LOW PR CES on all goods on account of our
big SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE Come at once before buying elsewhere.
I PARLOR CHAIR SALE, S LACE" GURTAiNS and DRAPERIES,
; : «r*i?"LV£"r: : *.?ir y or <lt u-'hoi: A * tXP0SE of new La - e Curtain love iness .
; 1? - 1 [*•«*•. rt «Jy S -r7? m ~~fZ and cheapness unexcelled in CaHfcrnia. De-
; carved: well braced; in solid oak or W— — — — Hj . , . j .l- « iL r
¦• rnstxxany f.r.uh; har.a- mo ~<» \l !/ spi e persistent ad/ances throucrout the lints,
• • :.-h..1; former price %\2— J .J<J ii IS ' , , . ¦ s x ..
• : down to « J4-^ ;^. we place before you cu tains of unquestion-
; ining chairs, made of solid able elegance at ficures much beiow :he
u;. c.j»n cane seat, hiph back; nice- v\Vc ¦:¦&;£ "felll -, 5 A, 3
.». ly carv^i top: Lrac<>.i g ciffc VvLis 1-^i? *«'/ prevail nor pr.ces of l3st season
. :-.rmf: marked dcrn from I.3U \ V\)r~ —^^~*~jl J / ' j =
• '- to ¦ \.i>»'^_;'— zSSjS*. /.¥ pr flO a P* lr ~ Real renaissance, real cluny and Swiss Irish
® WOMEN'? SEWING UOCKEP.S; If (^* 1 : '.'_1 ~_jl'J.^ point lace curtains; choice of the curtain-maker's artis-
(• cafie eeat: far.cy caned « Oc? t~ ~- - -~~ — : — "^ ' l ' r productions; just brought over from France and
(5 !«. k; substantially ir.ad**; I • J 3 r - \ \ Ewitr'.rlanJ's Mirmy dimes, and worth $10.
g antique, oak finish ¦ /^-S^cecjxijctXA mj =Q ralr— S12 30 curtains, every Pair of them. KepleniFh
; LARGE 5IZK HOCKKiiS: hieh r a vji / * v - r *"' now when we can benefit you by the lowness of last
• tack, nicely caned, broad anr*. t jV w,\ years prices— renaissance point "de Calais, Brussels,
t; sh&ped vrod s^at; ttncglv Kfl J^ V\ Lcinair.s, etc.
'• ''oTi^t.TOCtfrd : antique ciLk /' J« tr *-w.^
,;, finish .. •^" r E f\ Of) a P»!r — Here i? excellence: A collection of the finest
HJF'"" hand made poods; Brussels for parlors; Plauen points
O9^ for |17 ch'.na cablnHe , and BaUenber*s; wide, elegant, luxurious borders;
•- J with double tmt glass close pattern* or .well covered.
,., , --^ ends, nicely made and for ?2 00 ruffied net chamber eurtalns.
JJ; j v ' f .-t-»5^_,^ f.r.TEhed— our own special design. | O^ f or 12 00 suipurt? lace curtains.
fl «¦ /•njL.ifl *-+ T~ r*- tc -n m1c .,.j „_,. l'~»~ r f or $; 00 friiled muslin curtains. .
I Hfn fi* 73 [v-.ri.rs fZ \-™« for $2 M lace-trimme-l Saxony net curtains. '
I I || « U SS^S&JS. 'well '"J3C0 lace curtains-odd lots.
1 1 <¦¦ ; made and nicely finished. VV S p 3y height to your nea-est ra !ro?.d station on all
ft iui-c-ijj| § Q.50 levei n |iate d mVrrrr. £S P^^es of $25-00 and over— goods safely p 2 c'<ed at
'Kl.i^'i'* ''¦r^-' '• - f well nisuie and finished. oir expense. All goods de ivered with our own teams
<«o B^Il '| r- a --**°^3 Irt.93 fcr beantifni enamel ar^d set up on the premises in Oakland, Alameda,
W ¦i . at B IvT* <ire««ers •rlth cp.«t brass , L j lj j
® I; J 8 handles ar.d large bevel Berkeley, San Leandro and Haywards.
(!> I k B I '.ate mirror.
'j t P» for J5 pure -white wool (P £2 tor $S California white
% 5 , J J ¦*-* Q0 for J!3 M t.=x couch, full vl>3 Callfcrnia hlankets-hjue. C3O wool blankets-blue, pink
•< t ill i III sprtaf edse. potent lift. ¦^4^^-' plnk an<1 FCar i et borders .
$ I U I lvr springs co%ered in fancy —double bed size, ToxSO inches; and scarlet borders-, 2x50
y) v f.r-rt<i denim weight 5 lbs. Inches; iveight 6 lbs.
I CARPET and RUG SALE. %&$$£%.
® minster and Wilton Carpets, in lengths from d to 20 yards, suitable
• for small rooms and halls; prices from $2.50 to $12 per remnant.
© Made-up Carpet Rugs, to Fit any size room, from $7.50.
I CARPETS. LINOLEUM. RUGS.
® Ec»t Sar.fcrd i Btiasob'a Brussels Car- \n quoted here Is four yards wide and in Fine Wilton and Brcmley Reversible Hups.
® pets, all the new trie,; per yard....^ s . B!abcn . s UnoJeum. known sV^C Wljjjo
© 10 ro-.'.s cf Tai*?try Erufsels Carpet; sold ",. T „ !*i--->«»
p regularir toV«c; to cloee «1 5«c the world over: Pxl2 $15
S Vtlvn Carpet, fir.e tdection of new de- \ prade r?cnl-r H 10- row square yd.. S."Vc 2«> Smyrra Rugs, size 25x60 inches; regular
i ;$f^ss^==tss W$mli&&&m
(|' *"ci-ve""i*r "var.J.!'.L. 1 . l ". a ;'.^..".?.'..' r . g 'i5c r> regular 75c; now square yard. .55c 7 feet 6 inc . hes wl(5e by 10 feet 6 Jnche3 IonR
© 1CM vz'j-is Sc to 5&c quality; to close. r*r L!r.cleum. bi B range of patterns, latest $J».T,1>
$/ vard -3c styles; jer yard 4.1c 12 feet Ions? by 9 feet wide f(12.OO
I 16th and Mission. f-attosien's 16th and Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.AFFIDAVIT IN THE
BULKLEY CASE MISSING
Court Appoints a Referee to Make
Vull Inquiry Into the
Matter.
Eppclal IMsEiteh to Th* Call.
WHITE PLAINS. N. Y., July 2£.— There
xras a startling surprise to-day in the
case of thp estate of the late Charles S.
Bulkley, a civil engineer of Port Chosttr.
who died in Guatemala, leaving SlOil.tyo
to hi? wife and" naming: Hanford M. Hen
derson, a lawyer of Port Chester, as his
Bole executor.
Mrs. Bulklry riled and her son. Howard,
became heir. Through his attorney he
Instituted proee^ings to remove Mr. Hen
derson, alleging that he had not ac
counted for various- sums. In the mean
time Daniel E. Merritt filed an affidavit
claiming an interest in the estate ajid
a right to be appointed executor himself.
In the hearing of the case to-day it was
announced that Mr. Merritt's affidavit
had disappeared. Surrogate Silkman ex
pressed preat indignation at this and ap
pointed Joseph \V. M»ddlebrook. a lawyer
of Dobbs Ferry, referee 10 make inquiry
Into the matter. The court was then ad
journed until Septpmber 15.
Some of the parties to this suit reside
at Stockton, Cal.
NOTED SINGEB DEAD.
XEW YORK. July 2S.— Daniel Joseph
O'Sulllvan, widely known in musical cir
cles in this city and in the West, died
p uddenly to-day at ' Stamford. Conn.,
iSed 55.
lie was a nephew of Daniel O'Connell,
te-r Vish liberal, and some years ago es
tablished a reputation in this country as
a tenor singer of exceptional merit, ap
pearing in concert and oratorio. He was
at one time a merchant in St. Louis.
. NEW YORK, July 28.— A. Nelson of San
Jose is at the Astor; W. D. Travis of San
Francisco la at the Netherlands, * _
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Sale of Pine Land.
MARINETTE, Wis., July 28.— Governor
Scofleld and the men associated with him
known as the Schofleld syndicate, have
closed a deal for the purchase of 10 000
acres of pine land in Idaho. With the
exception of less than 2000 acres it is all
in one tract along the Clearwater River
Th© entire purchase will scale 200,000,000
feet. The price paid is not known.
Ridpath's Condition Unchanged.
XEW YORK, July 28.— At the Presby
terian Hospital it was said to-night that
there was no change in the condition of
John Clark 1 Rldpath: His condition is
still critical/ x -
AID FOR THE INJURED.
Hospitals Provided for Those
Wounded in Battle at Panama.
COLON, July 28, via Galveston, Tex.,
July 28.— The canal company has gener
ously placed its hospitals ajid its medical
staff at the disposal of the ISO wounded
during the recent Insurrection.
The surgeon from the French cruiser
Suchet is also assisting in the work of
caring; for the injured. The Government
is still busy burying the dead, and car
casses of horses and mules are exposed
in a state of putrefaction. Eleven can
non and a thousand rifles were captured
from the rebels.
NAPA, July 28.— The management of the
Napa State Hospital passed to-day out of
the hajids of the Democrats Into the keep
ing of Republicans. Dr. Hennessey and
Mr. Martin, the two new members of the
board of managers, took their seats at to
day's special session. The organization
of the new board passed off smoothly.
Before proceeding to the hospital Man
agers Landin, Washburn and Barcar of
the old board held a caucus in town with
Messrs. » Hennessey and Martin and de
cided that an organization should be ef
fected. It was also settled that Dr. Hen
nessey should be president of thfe new
board. After Messrs. Hennessey and Mar
tin presented their commissions and had
taken their seats Manager Lamdin nom
inated Hennessey for president of the
board, Martin seconded the motion and
the doctor was chosen unanimously. He
peacefully acknowledged the honor'con
ferred upon him by his colleagues.
A finance committee, composed of Man
agers Lamdin, Washburn and Barcar
was* then appointed by the new president'
Later Dr. Gardner was ushered in and
introduced to the new board.
In the afternoon the board adjourned
until the August meeting.
The complexion of the board now being
Republican 'in politics, there is much
speculation as to whether any of the of
ficial heads will fall in the near future
In a statement to The Call correspondent
one of the managers said that there would
be some changes made in the near future*
that the board was an administration
board, and proposed to work harmonious
ly and for the best interests of the insti
tution; that any changes that would be
made would not be for the personal ad
vancement of any of the managers; that
there would b« no fnction between the
board and the medical superintendent
and that no appointments would be made
at present except at the request of the
Governor.
It may be that Governor Gage will at
the proper time recommend changes ,as
It haw been understood that he Is desirous
of removing some of the officials now
employed at the institution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REPUBLICANS
IN CONTROL OF
NAPA ASYLUM
New Managers Take Their Seat
on the Board and Dr. Hen
nessey Is hlected as
President.
ABE MAJORS WILL
BE SHOT FOR HIS
CRIME IN UTAH
Board of Pardons of Salt Lake
Refuses to Interfere in the
Case of the Young Oak
land Desperado.
SALT LAKE, July 2S.— After consider
ing aflldavlts and hearing arguments, the
State Board of Pardons to-day refused to
interfere with the death sentence of young
Abe Majors of Oakland, Cal., convicted of
the murder of Policeman Brown in Og
den in April, 1S99. The action of the board
to-day removes all hope for the young
man, who will be shot to death on Au
gust 17.
MAY ATTACK JAPANESE
WHEN SOLDIERS GO
Striking Fishermen at Steveston Ig
nored by Canners May Make
¦ More Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 28.— The
Fraser River canner3 absolutely refused
to recognize the Fishermen's Union this
afternoon. Bremner, the commissioner
sent by the Canadian Government to
patch up the differences between the can
ners and fishermen, was closeted ¦ with
the canners all afternoon and, after vain
ly endeavoring to induce them to make
some concession to the fishermen, left the
meeting in disgust. The white fishermen's
union at Westminster, further up the
river from Steveston, called the strike off
this afternoon.
There are still 1000 whites and Indians
on strike at Steveston. and it is reported
that as soon as the soldiers go home the
Japanese will be attacked. The town of
Steveston Is now urging the soldiers to
leave, as, according to law, they foot the
bill, which is $500 a day or $5000 for ten
days of the present arrangement.
QUARANTINE AGAINST
NORTHERN PORTS
President Takes Action B«garding
the Epidemic at Cape Nome and
Dutch Harbor.
WASHINGTON, July 28.— The President
has promulgated an order drafted by the
Marine Hospital Corps Service establish
ing a national quarantine against Cape
Nome and Dutch Harbor, Alaska, because
of the epidemic at these ports. This order
gives a legal status to the quarantine al
ready in operation.
Seymour to Visit Shanghai.
SHANGHAI, July 28.— It Is reported that
Admiral Seymour is coming here, but the
date of his arrival is uncertain. It has
been decided'as a matter of precaution to
put the French settlement in a state of
defense and at the request of the French
authorities the commander of the Dutch
cruiser Holland will take charge of the
work.
Cuts a Trail Thirty-Seven Miles Ixmg
and Four Miles Wide and
Wrecks Caledonia.
HILLSBORO. N. D.. July 2S.— A severe
tornado passed through Tralll County
yesterday afternoon and across the river
into Minnesota, where it split into two
parts. The path of the storm in Traill
County was thirty-seven miles long and
four miles wide. Three miles north of
Caledonia the house of Thomas Everson
was demolished and his 17-year-old son
killed. At Caledonia the City Hall and
Presbyterian Church were wrecked and
nearly every building in town was dam
aged. So far as known the Everson boy
was the only one killed.
JAMESTOWN, N. D., July 28.— A terrific
hail storm occurred last night four miles
south of here. The train on the Great
Northern was two hours late. The stones
broke all the windows and the passengers
had to take refuge in the baegage car.
The storm was three miles wide. Much
damage to crops resulted.
»
H. K. St. John.
CLEVELAND. July 28.-H. R. St. John,
the inventor of the typo-bar typesetting
machine and vice president and manager
of the St. John Typo-Bar Company, Is
dead, aced C6 years.
CYCLONE SWEEPS THROUGH
A NORTH DAKOTA COUNTY
All Signs of Yellow Fever Have Dis
appeared in the Island.
NEW YORK, July 28.— General Leonard
Wood, Military Governor of Cuba, who
has been in the United States for
about a fortnight, sailed on the Mex
ico to-day for Havana. General Wood
said of the military' status In Cuba:
"The withdrawal of United States
troops from Cuba will end with the em
barkation of the remaining battalions of
the First and Fifth regiments. That will
leave only about 5000 soldiers on the
island— merely enough for garrison duty.
"Fears that yellow fever would inter
fere with the transfer of the First In
fantry were removed this morning on re
ceipt of a telegram 'which said that the
surgeons reported that all signs of it had
disappeared, and that the embarkation
would proceed with all possible dispatch."
WOOD SAZLS FOR CUBA-
Former Director General of Posts in
Cuba Charged With Misappro
priating' Funds.
HAVANA, July 2S.— Estes G. Rathbone,
recently Director General of Posts in
Cuba, was arrested at 11 o'clock to-day on
four charges. These allege the unlawful
drawing of two orders for $500 each, pay
ing his private coachman and gardener
from the postal funds and drawing per
diem allowance when not entitled to do
so. Mr. Rathbone was held in bonds of
$25,000.
He remained in the courtroom all day
awaiting the decision of the Judge in the
matter of acceptance of Francisco Gamba,
one of the richest Spanish merchants of
Havana, as bondsman for $25,000. Rath
bone was obliged to go to the guardhouse
to-night because the Judge ruled that
Gamba could not go on the bond without
the consent of his business partner.
Mr. Rathbone's lawyers say the bond Is
unreasonable, as the total amount of
fraud alleged is not over $4000.
Four charges were filed against Rath
bone. One based on each of the $200 war
rants alleged to have been converted to
his personal use and no vouchers offered:
third, on the allegation that he paid his
coachman, footman and gardener from
the postal funds; fourth, on the alleged
taking of $5 per diem without authority.
ESTES G. RATHBONE
IS UNDER ARREST
An hour later Hermann Oelrichs and
W. K. Vandervllt Jr. appeared upon the
scene, and much to their surprise found
the man still at the casino entrance
shooting his camera most audaciously at
pretty society women. Vanderbilt dared
the man to take his picture and OelrichB
scolded him severely. The man's manner
was not at all apologetic and Oelrichs,
growing more exasperated every minute,
finally kicked the camera out of Its own
er's hands and smashed it into fragments.
The man cried at the loss of his $35
camera .and left the scene vowing: he
would sue Oelrichs.
NEWPORT. July 2S.-Newport Casino
was the scene of unusual excitement this
morning during- the driving hour. A cam
era fiend, failing to get a picture of Mrs.
Hermann Oelrichs at a respectable dis
tance, approached to within two feet of
her and took a snapshot against her ex
pressed wishes. She sought the protec
tion of Officer McCormick, and he and
Mrs. Oelrichs gave the man a severe talk
ing 1 to. He also, much to her disgust
made a snapshot at Mrs. William K. Van
derbilt Jr., who drew pp to the sidewalk
in an automobile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Instrument Kicked Out of His Hands
and Wrecked When He Fails
to Make Due
Apology.
Persisted in Taking Snap
shots of the Califor
nian's Wife.
CAMERA FIEND
ROUGHLY USED
BY OELRICHS
CAPE TOWX. July 2S.— Consul General
James Stowe has gone to Pretoria. He
will probably proceed at once to Kruger's
headquarters.
KANSAS CITY, July 2S.— W. T. Power,
a trooper in the Irish contingent of the
Imperial Yeomanry, who has been mourn
ed as dead, is alive and a prisoner within
the Boer lines. This news was received
here to-day In a letter from the young
man's father. Sir William T. Power, who
was at one time head officer of the com
missary department of the British army.
The letter received to-day says that the
man killed was C. Power of Belfast.
"Broadwood is still watching: Christian
Dewet. who has taken up a position on
high hills near Reitzburg, about seven
miles south of the A'aal. P Dewet a
younger brother of Christian, surrendered
at Kroonstad yesterday."
"General Christian Dewet has offered
to surrender on condition that his follow
ers be permitted to return to their homes
unmolested. Lord Roberts has refused
anything except unconditional surrender."
A dispatch from Lord Roberts to the
British War Office yesterday said:
LOXDOX. Julv 28.— A special dispatch
from Cape Town says:
PRETORIA, July 27—
General Christian Dewet oc
cupies a position south of the
Vaal Rivsr. General Broad
wood is pressing: him hard
and his capture is probably
only a matter of days.
Hunter has completely
surrounded the Boer army at
Fouriesburg. It is impossi
ble for the Boers to get their
guns and wagons away. Piet
Dewet end staff were captured
yesterday.
DEWET SAID
TO HAVE OFFERED
TO SURRENDER
Lord Roberts Refuses to
Make Any Terms '
With Him.
Consul General Stowe Leaves for
Pretoria and Will Probably Pro
ceed at Once to Kruger's
Headquarters.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. July 28.— The terribly
mangled remains of two unknown young
men, aged respectively about 17 and. 19,
were brought to the morgue this afternoon
from near Shafter station, on the Santa
Jf'e road, seventeen miles west of hure.
The bodies were found about 7 o'clock
this morning: by a westbound freight.
Parts of the bodies were scattered for
three, hundred feet on either side of the
track.
Jt is believed that the unfortunate
youths were riding on a brakebeam and
tell off,- but it is not known on what train
they were riding, as several trains passed
up the road last night.
In gathering up the remains Coroner
Buckreus found a pocketbook in the
pocket of one of the- remnants of coats
that contained two "coppers and a Wells
b argo receipt for a valise shipped to
Guernsey station, near Hanford. The.re
ceipt bore the name of W. Vincent. The
receipt was identified at the express of
fice here. The agent said that yesterday
afternoon two young men called at the j
express office and shipped a valise to j
Guernsey, saying they had only 4S cents !
and wanted to ship it as far as the money
would take it. . They were charged 4G
cents, the expressage to Guernsey.
Both youths were of slender build and
dark complexioned. One of them had a
slight deformity about his face. Vineeni
was the name of the shipper of the valise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ground to Death by
CpJ I" \A/ h £» £» 1 Q 7\\
v>C4I VV IICvIO CL l<
— _, — ! —
FATAL STOLEN RIDE
? * —
Remains of the Penniless
Men Found Near
Bakersfield.
AWFUL FATE
OF TWO POOR
TRAVELERS
WASHINGTON. July 2S.— The treasury
receipts in the Philippine Islands during
May. 1SG0. according to a statement to-day
by the division of customs and insular af
fairs of the War Department, were $706,-
S26. Of this amount JG^.Wvl was credited
to customs receipts. $33/»G6 to Internal rev
enue receipts, and $44,225 to miscellaneous
receipts.
Receipts in Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME. July 2S.— Friction ha? arisen be
tween the Vatican and the Washington
Government respecting the rights, privi
leges and property of the church in the
Philippines. There is a suspicion in Car
dinal Rampolla's mind that negotiations
ere proceeding secretly between the Amer
ican authorities in Manila and the insur
gent chiefs in the course of which the de
mand of the latter that the present Span
ish clergy should be expelled from the
Philippines and property confiscated has
rot been rejected with indignation. Sev
eral conferences have been h"ld between
Cardinal Rsmpolla and Embassador
Draper.
VATICAN OBJECTS TO
GOVERNMENT'S ATTITUDE
General Otis said: "Major Goodwin
I? in command at, Oayagan, where the
eigrhty-r.ine Filipinos are said to have
been killed, and ] am certain that no such
action was taken on his part without
ccuse. Alvarez is a murderer who has
been making things uncomfortable for us
ever since we landed in the island and
a!.<v> has been robbing- the natives until
they asked the aid of our troops all alonsr
the northern coast of the island. His
band of marauders are located In the
TiPiKhborhood of Cayagan and have been
making raids continually. They succeed
ed in entering 1 the town at one time and
¦were driven out by our tropps. It was
probably his men who were, implicated in
the murder. Major Goodwin is a thor
oughly reliable officer, and you may be
frure that he would not have attacked and
Hi led that number of natives if they were
not under arms.
"There has not been a sinsrle case of an
execution of natives for the murder of
Americans."
NEW YORK. July 2S.— A special to the
"U'orld from Rochester says: General El
well S. Otis to-day discussed the cable
dispatch received from Manila Thursday
¦Which stated that a soldier was murdered
yesterday in a native store at Oriqueta.
Northern Mindanao, on Thursday while
purchasing snme food and that a company
of the Fortieth Infantry, stationed at
Cayapan. immediately went to Oriqueta
and killed eighty-nine natives as an act
of reveng-e.
OTIS SAYS GOODWIN'S
ACTION WAS JUSTIFIABLE
Those who are familiar with the coun
try say Ajruincldo ccukl have snupht no
more <eeurv position. The approaches to
his hiding placo involve a great deal of
climbing. It :s a desolate region, and it is
taid the cfSoers who served in the Dakota
Bad Lands will find much in common in
the Corona Mountains. It is supposed
Apuinaldo will make his final stand there.
The signature is evidently that of Cap
tain C. B. Robert* of the Thirty-fifth Vol
timeer Infantry, a graduate of the mili
tary acaoVniv and lieutenant of the Sev
enteenth Regular Infantry. He was cap
tured by insurprtnt? during- an attack on
San Migiiel de Mayamo.
•ROBERTS "
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, July 2S.— General
Grant has sent to the War Department a
copy of a note picked up by Lieutenant
Thomas, who commands the native scouts
with Grant's column. The men were In
the neighborhood of Sibul when one of
them aiscovered on a muddy trail a
crumpled bit ol paper containing this
brief message, writttn in haste with a
piece of charcoal:
"To any American officer: Apruinaldo
can be found in Corona Mountains. Rebel
organization is much better than I ex
pected to find it. 1 am being treated with
courtesy and consideration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says the Native Chief Is in the Co-.
rona Slountains and the Rebels
Have a Strong Organ
ization.
Note Dropped by an Ameri
can Held Captive by
Filipinos.
HIDING PLACE
OF AGUINALDO
MADE KNOWN
THE SAN FRANQISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
28
dENERAL CHRISTIAN DEWET.
The Boer leader who has been
worrying Lord Roberts' army by
numerous bold attacks.
COAL. COKB AND Pld 1ROX >
F C WII SflN H C 0 90 ° Battery Street.
.-I/. TTILJUU a CU-. Telephone Main 1864.
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLT Jtt HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY « 8.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLT CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING six nights of the week. pOLS".
Tennis. Bowling. Cement SwimmlagT^^-
ACRES of Ehady Oroyei and MILES 01
Ehady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting ln the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral aad Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderftil
Curative Properties. Large Cool Roosas. lighted
by Klectrldty. __ mt
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. Ml **o^«omsjrr rt^.
or address CRAIO & WARNER, Highland
Springs. CaL « •
H j ** *
I Coronado Beach; 1
ij HOTEL DEL CORONADO H
R Is a Perfectly Delightful fcj
I Country Summer Home, g
I Get Special Summer Rates. CJ
Inquire About It at M
628 MARKET STREET, M
San Francisco. H
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. If
Coronado Beach, Cal. 13
Vendome I
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almadcn
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St., San
Francisco, or address
GEORGE P. SNELL. Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CBrl8 A b^ r °^.
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank 3ftx60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel airtl 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
illuminated by gar^By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco, 9 a. m.; First and
Broadway, Oakland, 9:10 a. m. daily for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. 18, at S.
P office, 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D., proprietor and resident 'Physician.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
8V4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Clutx"
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise. '
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
BANNING CO..
222 South Spring; st.. Los Angeles. CaL
OLEMA HOTEL,
E. B. NELSON. Manager.
OLEMA, MARIN COUNTT. CAU
SPECIAL RATES
Until August 15.
Write for Terms.
Address A. BETTERS. Mgr., Byron Hot Sjrlajrs. 0*1.
Call on Locibard ft Co.. i itv A -tn- , \Qurr. City.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Call at 416 Pine St.. S. F.. or
-write J. MARTENS, Bachelor P.
O. Full Information gladly grlven.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing an-J
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. The
best table ln Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
MAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
WALDRUHE, ~~
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families. First-class table. AH kinds of
dairy produce. Fine spring water. Rates $7
up. Send for circular. C. H. W. BRUNIN'G
Santa Rosa. Cal. I: ; -;
, CARLSBAD JSBH& 1 :
Most beautiful spot ln Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations fint
class; flO a week; lighted by gas.
W. R. McGOVERN. KelseyvlUe. Laks Co.
THE GEYSERS, S—s?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, Sahlnf.
banting and livery. Writs for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Mananr.
THE WELJLESLEY^
California and Larkln Sts., San Francisco.
Strictly First Class Family Hotel.
- | MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class
For terms apply to MRS. P. J. MARTINA.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN, Napa Soda BprtSffs P. O.
CrPPBRJ-MlTH.
T W QMITH EhI P Plumbing, Steamboat and
W- TT- O.'ll III. Shlp Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS. *
___^ Electrical Engineer. 36 •'East Bt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RftYFS K ffl sl >lPPlng Butchers. 1M
JA3- DUIC3 ft VV» Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OALVAN1ZINQ AND METALS.
Wfc. & Dealer in Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co., 1169 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
Union Lithograph Co.. 325 Sansome at.. Artlsttc
Lithographers and Printers. Government Ll>
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stan>?s.»
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First St., San Francisco.
. OILS. '
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS, 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PA f NTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH &. CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
iMti.%: . • ».
F C fflffiHF^ PRINTER.
r« W- {IUvS.?C3. 611 Sansome st.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First st., San Francisco.
V STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PAttTftlMiP 306 California
Codes. rAttlHIUUD street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL -^ b 5LaS
niAJIOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in ths
market. Office and Yards — (50 Main street.
Q «« T mn£ e rH. SoT > o , m a redwood*: ehlckensT
JSf™ • . * »! c « arn " *"»«: free drives: goo.l
G^ m N ; n pAKS RANCH - Xloe surrounding!
SSSf?« tab 2l, room8: sood taMe> : convem«*
location.. Addres* F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen Cai
GU^ T f hOme: , lar8 £'v Pleasant r«>nM: table set
with freshest and be-t: 1 hoar's drive each
' Helena! *"" AtWress A " *« &.
SANTA CRUZ Mountain»-A quiet ranch five
miles from Santa Cruz: delightful summer
home ln redwoods: running water: abundarc-
fruit; good table; terms $i50 week Ad!»re «
W. CRANDELL. Santa CVuz. Cat AddresJ
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .Kf 11 !'
Nap* Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage neei, »>i
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Adire^i
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. SL Heien^^LL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The mo?t attractive, place In Lake County to
sptnd your vacation. Koating, hathintr howl-
Jne. tennla. livery, r.ew walks, etc. Write tor
ciicular to If. WAMBOLP
"Laurel Dell. Lake Cour.ty. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. JXrout fishing— finest In the State
Shovel Creek, 15 mites for casting. Huntine—
plenty of rame ln surrounding mountain*—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BKOs.
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal *
INDEPENDENCE LMK.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS, *
Three- miles from Uklah. The only place !n tia
United States where vichy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters ;• champagne
bath: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER & CO.. Vichy Springs. Men-
docino County. Cal.
IN THB FOOTHILLS OF THB SIERRA JTE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate ln Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 13S miles from San Francisco; $3 a.
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Orchard Springs,
The Placo for Rest and Health,
*««**•'***«*' B«
FI IWftNTF HftTFI LOS gatos. cai._
LL JIlimiE HU1CL, BeautlOil grounds,
magnificent View and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train; 55 miles
ixcto, £an Francisco* Far* S.16V -
.RADWAT'S BEADT BELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures' all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, ' Pneumonia. - Rheumatism.' Neuralgia,
Headache, Tothache and all pains.' Internally
for Malaria «m all Bowel Pain*. AU.tauuclata*
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS KiSiiz
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons; 46 miles from S. F., - via Tiburon
ftrry. R. R.' station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank; $10 50 and up per week;
round' trip $1 10- on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Caliente. Cal. Long-distance phone.
IS SUPERB.
OUR CREDIT SYSTEM
Country houses, hotels, flats
completely furnished, with free
delivery.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. . • Near Powell.
For the Idler 1 — rest. For th» hunter — the great
game of the mountains. For the angler 1 — th*
salmon and the trout in the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR- The tavern is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. Tha
railway brings one almost -to the door. 'Wbera
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her Inspirations are. Rates. $10 to $13
per week, $3 60 per^day. Guides and horses
for mountain climbing. ATRS. M. L. SISSON,
Proprietor, Sisaon. Cal.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre*
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN. 3300 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, la the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the gTeat forests o£
pine and cedar and hemlock, around it a wtda
expanse of meadows, about It tha perfect
beauty of Shasta. 1
'Where Shasta'a summit, clad In snow,
Emilea down on Nature's broad; expanse.
SISSON TAVERN.
Ollrt VJVJv? County; only 4ft hour*
from San Francisco and but nln» mils* of
Flawing; waters noted for medicinal Tlrtaes:
best natural bath ln State: grand moantalix
scenery; good trout streams at door: telephone^
telegraph: dally mall and express; 3F1R3T-
CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only S3 60. Take Tiburon terry
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms. 13 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five sears; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. ML'LORDW. Proprietor.
Tha water* ar« noted for their ttousaada «f
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead asd Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Nvural-
gta. Dyspepsia and all Bladder aad XTrlnary
Complaints. Hotel aad cottages roaov&ted.
Baths refitted aad Improved,
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, reet aa4
recreation. Rates. $13 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. B\, 9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllror
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets adlr*sj
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
*Ofc%£>*^*5»3$J Miaedy for Gonorrlicea.
jGgVarCVnEb <&fi Olect. Spermatorrhoea,
ftSEsyin 1 to 5 daj-o. Ya "Litca, unnatural -!i>
jfiarSS* r GcirantMl JjJ rhargos, or any lnfls-nmu.
f\"wj not to ¦trlctara. lion, 1 irritation or tii.'ep*-
Ry-zi Prevent* eootigtoo. tion »t nnoout nie»
K5i rHEEvANSCHEMlCuCo. *> r »ne«. Non-MtrinBect.
Sold *»7 Druggists,
3 B $,V°°* or 3 bottle*. $3.70.
v ™^*3£v£2s^« ¦* Circaiat ease u& '•^jyi^jA
DR. WONG WOO, C&
Chinese Tea arid Herb San!- ' C
tarlum. TE4-7CS Clay st.. San D(i 9
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured rLi, 9
exclusively by Chinese herbi. v
Advice free. Hours, 9 to 11 a. .fwacHV
111.. 1 to 3. 7 to 9 p. m. rf^y{*^P?i*f
Kan Francisco. January 2, 1900. 'jrKjwSfivHiVV
, I had a very serious attack of •©¦sWu'/I**!'
consumption and my feet were so swollen that
It was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
'In the hostiitals could not give me any relief
for n'ne weeks. I was persuaded to go to th*
well-known Chinese Doctor. Wcne Woo. and
ln three months I was completely cured and ln
perfect health, having gained 25 pounds In
weleht. I have much pleasure ln recommend*
Ing him to any one suffering in any way what-
ever. JAKOB RAUCH. 1314 Freelon St.. city.
Take the rest you have earned.
Take the HOT MUD BATHS
for your health's sake at
IHOT SPRINGS
Rates for hotel, baths and physicians, $10
to t:i » week.
Special round-trio rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK VT. ET.T. City Agent.
TeL Red 223S. M0 Market «t., S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Robles. Cal.
visr* OR- JORDAN : S great
HUSE8E3 OF AHATOSY
Qjj) 1051 i^ssss st. t»t. ftim. sjr.ca.
Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
ji^jjfj^ World. W r«kne*.ses or »ny contracted
SEjmG^ disc J-e po-itl vrly cared tiy th; oldest
Bj~l va ft tpccniis: c n the Coast. Est. 36 year?.
tfSiiS: S 0«« »°3DA«-PRJif&Te DISEASES
ff^Stf^f* Cen«ulmijr> fref. ind strirtly private
u iS^K H r * ltDlen *- P"*° n; 'l | y or by letter. A
W It yin K
8 I Wi Write for Book. PnaOSOPBVot
¦ Jj J V B aSAKKIAGI-:. MAILED f.iCt {A
ll [£ valuable boot; for men)
till JOBDA N & CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F.
A vacation does not usaally
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many o!
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION." a
little book just issued by tha
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for tha
Summer can be secured at from
$5.00 to $8.oo per week.
Ticket Office. 650 Haxfcst st.
(Cbroniclo bundles).
General Office. Mutnal X&tm
bulldlnr. Sansome and CaUforala.
Bts., San Francisco.
H. C. VBITI50, Gsaersl Xutgsr.
K. Z. STAN, Oea'l Pus. Agt.
Or, Meyers & Co.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
Our Bank Deposit Guarantee.
Patients may deposit the price of
a cure in any San Francisco bank,
to be paid only after they are well.
or may pay in monthly install-
ments.
If you are suffering with an Un-
natural weakness, a contracted or
chronic ailment, place yourself un-
der our treatment and we will re-
store you to permanent health and
strength as quickly as Is consist-
ent with a. permanent cure. Our
remedies, methods and appliances
are the best, our institution the
largest and best equipped, our
practice the most extensive.
We never use remedies that leave
any injurious effects on the system.
"We avoid unnatural stimulants,
electric belts or anything else of
a dangerous nature, and
Furnish all necessary remedies and
appliances free to patients.
Home Cures— Free Private Book,
We cure thousands of men at
home every year. If you cannot
visit San Francisco, write for free
private book, advice, question list,
etc. All correspondence confiden-
tial. Cures sent safely by mail or
express, free from observation.
ADV>CE AND CONSULTATION FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 MARKET STREET.
I Ok SAN FRANCISCO.
£•/„..„,/..- HOURS— S tf> 6
Elevator dal i y> 7 t0 8
Entrnnro • Pvenin&s. 9 to
entrance. 1X Sundays.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalog-ties and Price Lists Mallal
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H.MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. Clunie Sg.
' /' //V" a - 1
4SJHNEyi|ff0flIf
GIANT AIR COMPRESSORS
...AflD...
GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEAM BOILERS, HEATERS AND
CENTRIFUGAL PUM1PS.
Our reputation among contractors and miners Is evldenoe of our
* responsibility. Estimates furnished upon application.
5 WWI. A. HEWITT. P. H. REARDON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO.,
I ii to 18 FIRST STREET, San Francisco, Cal 7Cutter Will Not Changs Dates.
Justice Garoutte Writes a Dis
senting Opinion in Which Me
Holds the Per Cent Clause to Be
Proper.
legislators feared an edverse decision on
any primary law under the present con
stitutional limitations. If the amendment
is carried in November the next Legisla
ture will be in a position to give us a
new and efficient primary law that will
bland the tests of the courts."
Chairman nouvier's Idea.
The news of the decision did not find
the Republican county Central Commit
tee unprepared. Ever since the case was
submitted to the Supreme Court prepara
tions have been on foot for such an emer
gency.
"\\ e are the governing body of the Re
publican party ir: San Francisco," Chair
man Eouvier said last night, "and we will
proceed with preparations for holding a
convention for the nomination of munici
pal officers, with the Stratton law elim
inated.
"A majority of the members of the
County Central Committee were in the
rooms in the course of this afternoon and
to-night. The opinion generally held was
that the municipal convention should be
held about the time it would have been
held had the Stratton law primary been
followed. There was no discussion as to
the date to be set for a Republican pri
mary. That will have to be decided in
committee meeting."
MEETING OF DEMOCRATIC
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
It. M. Fitzgerald Tenders Resigna
tion — Resolution Providing for
Organizations of Voters.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee was held at 1 the California Hotel yes
terday forenoon. The members present
were: J. C. Sims. R. M. Fitzgerald, M. F.
Tarpey, James H. Budd. F. H. Gould, W.
H. Alford. A. Caminetti, W. D. Crichton,
T. O. Toland. XV. N. McDonald. J. J.
Wells. C. O. Dunbar. William T. Jeter and
Thomas E. Curran.
On motion J. Harvey McCarthy of San
Diego was added to the committee. George
Catts of Stockton was added to the leg
islative committee.
A committee from the Iroquois Club,
consisting of Charles Edelman, W. J.
Bryan. Joseph Gorman and Ellis Powell,
invited Chairman Sims to address the Tro
quois next Friday evening. Senator Sims
accepted.
On account of ill health R. M. Fitzgerald
reluctantly tendered his resignation a.i
chairman of the executive committee. In
his place T. O. Toland of Ventura, a mem
ber of the State Board of Equalization,
was appointed.
A motion prevailed that the secretary of
the State Central Committee should act
as secretary of the executive committee.
The following resolution, introduced by
M. K. Tarpey, was adopted:
P..: » lived. That the three State commltfie
men at large in each Con?rr?s9lonal district
be and they are hereby authorized, empow
ered and directed to meet at the mmt con
venient place In their respective districts ¦with
o.ut any delay and organize by selecting n.w
of their number ss chairman and thereupon
Invite to meet with them the several tnembeia
of the State Central Committee within thw
respective counties <" f their districts at a. place
and on a day fixed, for the purpose el
thoroughly orKanizlnsj every voting precinet
within the several Congressional districts, f
provide for and insure active campaign work
from this date until the election is over anJ
the r?sult declared.
Resolved. That said three eommitteemen it
larse in the several ( 'onfrressional districts be.
and th^y are hereby declared to lx» responsible
to the Democracy of the State for the tnoroush
orsanizatirn of the party in their several dis
tricts, even to the thorough organization in
every voting precinct.
rusnlved. That said Congressional commit
tees b<? and they are hereby directed to report
progress every week to the chairman of the
executive committee of the Stats Central Com
mittee from r.ow until the close of the cam
pa ipn-
Resolved. That to said Congressional com
mittees be delegated th- i^wer to collect fundj
in the respective districts for the purpose K
carrying on the campaign and to aid the State
Central Committee in every way. h^th in •»»
curinc funds and oreanizlne the campaign.
Resolved. That ?aid Ccr.?r?ssional «mmlt
tees are hereby declared to be the dlr^t r-p
resentatlves of th? Democratic Stat* Commit
tee and are entitled to full faith and credit as
such.
The following committee on speakers
was appointed: Ex-Govtraor J. H. Bu«id
(chairman). J. A. Hicks. M. F. Tarpey. Vv .
H. Alford and A. Camir.etti.
It was resolve-1 that the executive com
mittee should meet every Saturday at
1:30 p. m.
Democrats of the Forty-Second.
The Bryan an<l Stevenson Cluh of thf
Forty-second Assembly district hel.l a
well attended m^etins last nl^ht at
Golden Gate Hall. The following commit
tees were appointed: Executive— George
McGilivray. J. J. Sullivan. A. Olsen. Pat
rick Bolantl. J. M. Cummin*. Antone
Flvnn and T. B. McClunjr: pre.-s— \\ ,. I>.
Wasson, If. L. Brooke and C. "W . Flynn,
ASSESSMENT ROLLS OF
THREE YEARS COMPARED
? ,,
ASSESSOR DODGE sent his annual report to Mayor Pheian yesterday, in
which he submits tables covering two yeara of his administration. 1S0D ar.it
1900, and one of hi3 prpdecessor's. H08. The large Increase in the assess
ment roll has been mainly on personal property. The falling o«T in the roll
in 1000 is due, the Assessor claims, to a decision of the Supreme Court in
April, 1900, declaring bonds of California corporations non-taxable. Thia decision
struck off J19.OCHi.000 of assessable property from the roll of 1&00. which wa-» nearly
replaced by personal property added In 1S00 that heretofore had escaped taxa
tion The expenses of the office were reduced about $25,0<X> in In 1000. The table fol-
~ ~ RECEIPTS.
— - . j - ; |
1S91. | 1S03. i u 1W.
f^rov^ments . 93.52U;«> ! W.B80.3M «.«M.W0
Personal property j bs.^.HO , 1 US »...*> 1U. '.'¦>.. 4.
Total of roll i t^.l.^i}m *4O:..U1.«; W«.4J4.*r.
Pou'uwB y ..:::::::::::::::::: aw« r.a;»;
Total cash collections I y.n6.604 09 j S61S.tr, IS 1 SGZ2.M* o7
" EXPKNPKS.
-r, a , v .. A BSP«s.ir ' S4.a.o i<T ; m,ooo eo **.coo oo
S^4ttSS(«firi j &WM j 24.^ g»M
4 i:^|
Horse and bugfry hlr*... I - «g ». *«» «>
Subscription to periodicals : 31 CO J) «0 ....^
Telephone j "— •/ | - . • :|a ; s .
Total •-•' i S1<M.3T.2 13 I S11I.841 44 j SSS.STS 21
street arul employed by the firm of II.
Levy & Co.. was arrested la-=t nisht and
taken to the California-street station by
Detective Dinan. Adams was on his way
home and mistook T. A. Perkins' house,
at 912 Pine street, for his own residence.
He kicked at tiie door, and Perkins, mis
taking him for a burglar, fired a shot at
him, but fortunately failed to hit him.
Dinan. who lives in the neighborhood,
heard the shot, and on arriving on tho
scene arrested Adam?.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
C'RTH\GE Mo.. July 2*.-EJward Castle
bane of Bozeman Mrnt.. was run over and
kfned by a Missouri Pacific freight train near
here to-day.
ST. LOT'lS. July 2S.-Flve car. of the Tran
sit Corrfpany were <lamape<l last nlsht b> dyna
mite nlaced on the tracks at different points.
Nobody was injured as far as learned.
KNOXVILLE. Tenn.. July M.-IUpotJs from
the gold r-.ilne recently discovered in Hawkins
County Tenn.. state that nsuay* • show $400
per ton and that ore is in great abundance.
NEW YORK. July :s.-The woman who com
mitted suicide at the Presbyterian Hospital
yefterday has been positively identified as Miss
NVllie U. Blair of 33S0 Caroline street. St.
Louis.
PAX \NTONIO. Tex.. July 2S.— The wife and
flaiiffhter of Secretary A. AV. Shaw of the
Young Men-s Christian Association of thl« rity
were drowned to-day in the Comal River while
boatlr-r-
FORT WORTH, Tex., July 2S.— A special was
received here to-day denying that Geronlrno.
the noted Aiache prisoner, lias gone mad. He
is not imprisoned; but is living with his squaw
on the Fort H'.ll Reservation.
NEW YORK. July 28.— The Leyland Line
steamer Columbia, which arrived to-day from
Liverpool, reports that fhe encountered a
ilen«e foe crosslnn the banks of Newfound
land and "on July 25 a large Iceberg was seen.
The berc appeared to be about 500 feet niKh
and ?n eighth of a mile in length on the
water lino. At the time of the passlns the
temr>erature of the air was 43 degrees and the
water 45 decrees. ;'.^
PITTSHL'KG. July 2S.— Val Remmel. candi
date for VIcp Prf-siilent cf the United States
on the Socialist Labor ticket, who was ar
rested Thursday night, toother with Paul Bln
cer of Ohio ami Wlliiam O. Cowen of Penn
sylvania, charged with violatirg a city ordi
nance in hoMlns PtrMt meetings without a li
cense. o-r>eal#l the case to-day. The hearing
on the appeal was fixed for Aujrust 2~*. The pe
titioner claims that the ordinance Is a violation
of the State constitution.
"Yes, I may have given a check for I
$100,000 to the D«mocratic campaign fund. I
Perhaps it was for-' more than that f
amount. I sent a contribution." '>
NEW YORK. July. - 28.— William A. '
Clark of Montana left to-day on the Lu- !
cania for a vacation in Europe. Before ;
sailing Mr. CJarl; said to the Evening j
World reporter:
CLARK SAILS FOB EUROPE. j
Members of the party will follow their ,
own ideas In voting for State officers, al
though preference was expressed for the
nominees of the Union Reform 1 , party.
Elector? at large were named as follows: i
Orvln J. Frey. Oldport; Thomas T. Mait- j
land. Cincinnati. ¦ .
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 28.— The efforts j
of the middle-of-the-road Populists to [
hold al State convention here were not!
successful, not over a dozen members j
putting in an" appearance. They decided |
It would be inadvisable, to name a State j
Ohio Middle-of-the-Roaders Will Hot
' Name a Ticket.
CONVENTION A FAILURE,
All Souses Looked Alike to Sim.
•WV Adams, living at , 2417 California
slightest degree question the wisdom and
integrity of the court.
Lawyers of both parties assert that the
decision of the court declaring the pri
mary law void will not affect the provi
sion of law which requires new registra
tion throughout the State for the gen
eral election next November. In the con
fuRlon voters should not overlook the
duty of registering for the Presidential
election.
In the work of framing the primary
election law and the subsequent efforts
put forward by the people of both parties
to meet its requirements a vast deal of
labor and large aums of money have been
expended. All of this is love's labor lost
and money thrown away. Jacob btep
pacher's work of years has gone up.
The non-partisans, such as George K.
Fitch J. N. Britton and others, will re
joice that the law has been overthrown.
They regarded the act as the device of
bosses to exclude independent citizens
from participation in the nominating con
ventions. The- non-partisans can now or
ganize to defeat the boss nominations of
either political party.
SENATOR STRATTON'S OPINION.
Matters Now Same as Before Bill
Was Passed and Porter Law
Operative.
Senator Stratton said regarding the de
cision when seen at his home in Oakland:
"The Supreme Court's decision leaves
primary election matters exactly as they
existed before the passage of the late
law. We exist now under the same legal
conditions as to primaries which have
prevailed since 1S67, when the Porter pri
mary law was enacted. That law is now
in full force and effect.
"This, however, in small comfort for
the reason that when party committees
appoint their own officers and manage
their own primaries the result is deter
mined before a ballot is cast.
"Tho Porter primary law, permitting
political parties to manage without let or
hindrance their own primary elections,
is a part of the political code of this State.
It was repealed by the primary election
law of 1S&5. This repealing act was held
unconstitutional and subsequent appeals
were attempted in the primary election
laws of 1U97 and 1S99. Sinc<? all these laws
have been declared unconstitutional the
attempted repeals of the Porter law fall
also to the ground.
"Under the Porter law each party com
mittee can impose Its own test as to the
right to participate In any primary elec
tion. Since the Supreme Court has de
termined that no one can be prosecuted
for perjury in connection with such a test
this only operates as a moral deterrent.
"I am exceedingly optimistic in the be
lief that the present state of things will
not be permitted to continue in this
State. While the work has been laborious
and thus far all efforts to better political
methods through legislation have proved
invalid, still the time and the effort have
not been lost. I am satisfied that those
who have been the pioneers in advancing
this great reform will in the end achieve
success. The difficulties have always been
known and the legal objections have been
clearly foreseen.
"I myself introduced at the last session
of the Legislature a proposed constitution
al amendment which will permit the Leg
islature to pass a proper primary eleqtion
law. This proposed amendment nassed
both house? and will be voted upon by the
people at the next general election. The
present law was defective only in part. If
the constitution is changed as suggested,
this law can be amended in important
particulars and placed anew upon the
statute books.
"The absolutely necessary feature of
any primary election law is that it must
be under State control. . The primai-len
must further be held at the same time
and place for all .parties respectively.
Such a law must further be simple in its
operations and inexpensive in its work
ings. Each party should have the right
to determine who constitutes its members
and who are therefore entitled to partici
pate in its primaries.
"The late law had all of these elements
except the last, and this can be added
when the constitution is amended.
"The rural districts do not need a pri
mary law, and it should only be manda
tory in cities. This also is embodied in
the proposed constitutional amendment."
What Assemblyman Dibble Says.
Henry C. Dibble. Assemblyman from the
Forty-first District, who made the tight
for the Stratton act in the Assembly,
calls attention to the fact that by an
amendment to section 11S6 of the Political
Code, passed by the last Legislature, pri
maries of. the old sort will be necessary.
"It will not be possible." Judge Dibble
said yesterday, "for delegates to be ap
pointed The amendment to section 1186
is not Involved In the Supreme Court de
cision and is, in my opinion, still in force.
This section defines a convention as 'an
assemblage of delegates elected by bal
lot at a primary election, representing a
political party," etc. Previously a con
vention was simply an "organized assem
blage of delegates representing a political
party.' The existing ballot laws provide
that party nominations must be made by
conventions and I conclude therefore that
the only way that candidates can be
placed on the ticket la for them to be
chosen at conventions composed of dele
gates elected at primaries. Appointed del
egates would not constitute a convention
under the provisions of the new amend
ment.
"I regret very mucn that the Stratton
primary law has been declared unconsti
tutional. We are left without any real
legal protection against frauds at pri
maries* As it now stands everything de
pends upon fair dealing by the party man
agers. If honest primary election officers
are appointed and the people lake enough
interest to turn out and see that there
is no stuffing and that an honest cuunt
is had all .will be well.
"As I understand it the old Porter pri
mary law has not been specifically re
perflcd. It provides thnt by resolution of
the controlling committee a party may
hold Its primafy under the sanction of the
laws governing elections and makes the
penalties against infractions of the gen
eral election laws applicable in such cases.
Direct reference is made in the act to
come forty sections of the Political Code.
Many of these have been abrogated by the
new ballot laws, so that the act has little
substance left. , It never amounted to
much, anyway, as there were never any
prosecutions under It.
"Thoughtful politicians hoped that the
Stratton act would be sustained. It made
decent politics necessary. Now many a
boss will be drawn to corrupt methods
In order to win who would have preferred
to make his fight along decent lines, as he
would have had to do under the Stratton
law. ...
"By Senate constitutional amendment
No. 4, which, will be voted on by the people
in November, authority Is given the Leg
islature to enact laws relative to the
holding of primaries and to provide tests
and conditions under which electors and
political parties may participate. This
amendment was submitted because tho
"I would like to talk with our friends
of the other side, as Republicans and
Democrats face the same situation, and in
my judgment there should be some uni
form plan of action, as there is no law
governing the, case. AVe are in the same
boat through no fault of either party. At
this time 1 cannot speak as to the wishes
of our own committee. Personally I am
in favor of holding our State Convention
at Santa Cruz on August 2S, the time and
place which we designated when we were
supposed to be governed by the primary
law. I would have the primary election
for delegates held on August 14, as we
contemplated, and I would not change the
apportionment. At present we are all at
sea The lawyers have not told us how
much, if any. of the old primary law re
mains. In fact, we may have nothing ro
fall back on but old-time party usage.
Our executive committee may decide to
recommend to the county committees
some plan of selecting or electing dele
gates to the State, Congressional and local
conventions."
The chairman of the general committee.
Colonel George Stone, said the decision of
the court came as a great surprise. He
said:
Immediately after the receipt of. the
news George Stone, chairman, and Wil
liam M. Cutter, secretary of the Republi
can State Central Committee, sent for
W. £>._ Wood, chairman of the legal com
mittee. The result of a brief conference
was a decision to call a meeting of the
executive committee. Accordingly notices
were sent by mall and wire summoning
all the members of the committee, to con
vene at party headquarters, in the Palace
Hotel, at 4 p. m. to-morrow. No plan of
future action will be devised until the
subject is thoroughly discussed with the
lawyers.'
The decision of the State Supreme Court
declaring the' new primary election law
void created a profound sensation In po
litical circles. The news spread rapidly
from one party camp to another. There
were secret whisperings all day Friday
that the court might render such a de
cision, but after all the shock came to the
majority of party leaders without premo
nition.
OPINIONS OF
THE LEADERS
ON DECISION
It may be further suggested that under the
present law, the ballot being entirely secret.
and every voter belnc allowed to cast his vote
for the delegates of any party represented
upon the ballet, the result Is that Democratic
voters may elect delegates to Republican con
ventions and Republican voters may elect dele
gntes to Democratic conventions, an«l thereby
absolutely own and control the conventions of
opposing political parties. I am not prepared
to say that this existence of these conditions
clearly renders a law unconstitutional which
permits It. But I am prepared to eay that a
law of that character presents a most anomal
ous state of affairs. And a remedy for the evil
should be found at the first session of the
Legislature. GAROUTTE, J.
Political Trickery Suggested.
Frr these reasons I do not deem the 3 per
cent ciause of the primary election law ob
noxious to ilie constitution of this State. It
may •»),? further suggested that, «s the Austra
lian ballot law does not recrgnlze an organiza
tion as a party which failed to poll 3 per eent
of the total vote cast at the last election, no
j-ul>ttant:al benefits could be derived by such a
party In participating in primary election*..
for the nominee of a convention coip?3setl of
delegate! selected at tho primary election by
such party would net be entitled to a place
upon the ballots. It must be borne In mind
that the rrlrnary law in this regard is not
doilinff with voters ns individuals, but with
political parties as sueh.
the primary law refers' to n great class of po
litical parties. And if that class of political
parties declared and recognized by the Austra
lian ballot law forms a constitutional class
then the primary law, in dealing with the same
clas* of i>"litic«l parties, is likewise constitu
tional. While the question has never been de
cided in this State, it has been decided in other
State?, and he- Id that a clarification of parties
upon the basis of a certain percentase of the
total vote cast at the last election Is not viola
tive of constitutional provisions. Indeed, it
seems to me that the decinrallon of the State
found in the Australian ballot law 85 to what
shall constitute a political party within the
meaning of that act is constitutional legisla
tion.
Porter Primary
Law Prevails,
Declare Party
Leaders.
t-~, r-^iiir.. Mraunn r"*irnary olcctlnn law
has been declared unconstitutional
and void by the Supreme Court. A
ii decision to this effect was handed
down yesterday noon. The prevail
ing opinion w<is written hy Justice H«
*haT\- and concurred in by Justices Harri
son. Van Dyke, McFarlar.d and TV-m^Ie
tiie la^t named writing a separate opin
ion. Chief Justice Beatty dissented, but
without comment. Justice CJaroutte also
dissented and wrote his reason for so iij
in<r. In brief, the case was this:
The Election Commissioners and other
ciyr officials were proceeding with the
•UAjrk of preparation for the fall primary
fV-ctions ur.iic-r the Stratton law. Jost-ph
[Britton; president of the Beard of Free
holders v.tich framed the charter, took
legaJ eteps to enjoin the Klection Com
missioners from j-roct'ediri* with the elec
tion ar.d to prevent the expenditure of
money necessary therefor. His ground oi
attack wai that the primary law was in
•violation of the constitution;
The Election Commission i demurred to
the complaint,; end in order that the mat
ter might be the sooner decided by the
Supreme Court. Superior Judge Seawell
sustained the demurrer.
The higher tourt in overruling Judge
Seawell ar.d deciding i:i favor of Mr. Brit
ton's i>osition holds that a law making i
X-cr cent necessary for party representa
tion on the ballot Is discriminatory and
unjust. Small political parties— those
•which did not poll the required 3 per cent
*jt all votes cast, and those which might
come into exigence— have the same rights
end privileges a«i parties of greater nu
merical strength, the Supreme Court says.
Th«- Legislature, the court lontinues. ex
ce^ed its power when it attempted to put
regulations anJ restrictions upon dtixens
by d:ctaiii:p how they should make their
selections of delegates to conventions.
>'urth«jrnv>re, the law was an unwarrant
ed invasion of the rights of political par-
Ties. The Justices say also lhat the
"deprivation of the right of selection is
the deprivation of the right of franchise."
Justice Garoutte in his dlssentine opin
ion states that in the Australian ballot
law is found a oeclaratiou as to what con
stitutes political parties that are entitled
to huld political convention* ana nominate
candidates for Office. He does not deem
the 3 per cent clause in the primary law
as obnoxious tt> the constitution of this
Slate.
The decision by the court s'ollows:
By en act SMJroved March I.-1S9) (fctats. of
" ¦¦••. P. i'K the Legislature add«?d certain sec
i:.r;s t!> tne i'olitlcal Cod*, prcvidins thereby
an exclusive Bcntnie eontroUtnji i-jliticai par
tie* in boldtss their convention* lor the nomi
2.:.:iwn i.i candidate* to public <»ftice. The act
::• kn^wn as the r'rimtu-y «-iectk*i law. and for
• •'invenienw may be «o designated. Plaintiff, a
resident and taxpayer of the c.ty and county oi
han Francisco, by his complaint. *oupht an in-
Jucctlon against the defendant*. coBstttatinf
il.e Board of Election Coinniifcfeioners of the
eount}' of San Frsncisco. to restrain tb<*m from
»-ij . :j.;!ng ti".>- jiubllc- ir.orn-ys ot the city and
cmimy of fsn Francis--*} un-iT the term* of
t»Us law, alleidng it ta be unconstitutional and
void. I»-!enCKnt5' rer:<;ral demurrer to the
complaint va» eufctain»-d, and plaintiff, declin
ing to amend. ¦] i»-»is from the Judgment
asairst bin wnicti followed.
Political Conventions.
Conventions of political jiartie- consisting of
rex<rt-s=enliitiv»-s of the voters ov fj>t parties,
ocnvertt-J t t cieiit-erati? and i la;e in norcina.
tion th»-ir cajsdiAatea lor rarlou** public offices,
ha\e lone been known in the fi«.tory of this
cou.ury. Heretofore the meth<j«-j, which politi
cal partif-e rrapht adu|it fur tlie i-trlcctlon <jf
dei^paug to ¦sen nominating conveetloaa have
usually I >t r. le!t to party organizations, and
the L. r::-iaiure has contented Itself, when it
has Ml n lit to «ct at ail, witii conservative,
tentative «n--i r*rmissive ... ¦- .i«i<-h as found
•zprcwrtos in the earlier primary law of this
fcute «Stat«>. of l&K,-€. p. «3fc). popularly called
the Porter rr:m*ry law.
In 1**7 the I-^irsElature made It* first essay
in mandatory and coir.jjulfory legrlslation touch
:;.)? the holding of prinjary election*. (Htats. of
ISJ7. p. 315. > That law iva* declared unconsti
tu::< ::al as imstosir.i; limitations and conditions
v-I'in the nfrht of pufrraK"". other than puch as
v ere named in the constitution itself, and grave
coutt waB eatpressPd ats to the power of the
J>^lMature Vi prescribe a voting test and im-
Ijo*" it upon political parties ard their mem
bers as » prereqtiisjt* to their rtpht to par
ticipate in jarty affairs. <£iuer vs. liaker, 12)
Cat., KO.J v
In this Uw the Legislature has emitted cer
tain '.bnoxioug features present in the earlier
ert. but has Introduced others which go to the
eftfni* of the le>ris)a» ion, and which we are
f-arr.estly told In arjrumer.t are vinlative of the
rnnnltutional rights of the people, both e.%
t rt-irs^and implied. That a compulsory primary
law. ?uch as this, forms a j«rt of the peneraJ
election laws of the is not. we think.
Jehatahie, and has h*-en distinctly decided.
l£pier vg. Baker, fupra. )
The Election of Delegates.
At the outwt the- law declares that all dele
fate* to conventions of political |-artles for the
purpose 'f miikin}T nominations of candidates
(or public offices hhall be elected at elections
conducted und^r the retaliation* in the- act pro
ijd<-d. There I* at nnce to t>« perceived an
fxpre«» limitation upon the power ji of pnlltlc-al
parries, which heretofore they » : «ve freely ex
errlfed of adopting their own modes for the
?»;eotlon of their representatives. It Is a part
•f the politics! Mrury of this Ptate and ot
the United States that men power*, whether
r*?tinK in right or merely lr. the permit-she
cilenoe of the Legislature, have been freely
r.j'-ye<5.. In noire inf.anc^^ political parties
L u'h regulations and ten* as the executive
manager* of the party mitrht prepcrit*. In
athen resort wap had to th«» organization of
I rr-i -;i:rt nr diftrirt r>"lltlral clulis with an en
r'>\\*"\ merribercliiii. the members Lhus duly en-
Lered havl-n* alone the rlrtt to select delegates
to 'he ponjsatins conventions.
But we will not now Ftop to con«i<Vr
n-hr'r.nr r.r,*;ti-al parties have heretofore en
loye-J these j>ri viler-* ar of Hpht or mere;,
sr.der permisBlcn. "We have referred to the
natter only as illuftratinc the b<-i!d Innova
tion Ot 'Mr legislation arA thus of an ad.icd
-:».,-,.<.«•; v fa a careful sfrutlnv and eon«id»r
r*»n if Its term*. This murh. however. «•
¦*--»l- ™-'?t 1^. ¦¦...¦•- **. .n^*.H*.,? JiV riT-i ,t a 2T'-*n !Pt
as well b» antagonist of the law. that if the-
Lfgii-lature Lakes up«n itself the regulation
and control of these internal affairs of i><»JI tioiil
parties it must do so without discrimination
and with equal consideration and benellL
t.> 4.11. With the wisdom nr policy of tho la*
this court of course can have nothing to do,
but if the law be wlae and beneficent every
organized political party mu*t come under its
cloak. If. upon the other hand, the law !><.'
unwise or inexpedient, none the lees every
political party must equally suiter the burden
<»n«i Lear the consequencea. .
Three Per Cent Provision.
But here we are confronted with a provision
in th's law denying its rirlits and privileges
to aJl j«>litical parties which did not cyst at
tha next preceding election at least 3 per cent
of the total vote. In other words, no matter
how wpII organized a i>oliti(.al party may b<r.
no matter how devoted its adherents may be to
its tenet.", they are denied a representation upon
ihe primary Uillot, cut off from all beneiits
of the law, prohibited from holding a nominat
ing convention < because only under the pro
visions Of this law can suoh a convention be
held), and are thus absolutely debarred from
th<_- privileges and protections accorded to other
political parties. This is not the case where
the State as matter Of regulation when called
upon to print ballots at public expense re
stricts the names to be printed thereon.lo the
parties polling a certain percentage of the
votts. Even upon this question there has been
a division in' the courts, s.^nie holding it to b».
a mere matter of rtgulation and not an in
terference with the right of suffrage and other
wise maintaining that it confers a special
privilege upon the stronger of the political
parties. Even where such laws have been
ujheld the right of the voter to freely express
liis preference has always been preserved and
in this State by blank spaces wherein he may
write the names of the candidates of his
chuice. This law contains no such provision.
Minor political parties are denied any right
of r< presentation upon the ballot and are ;:i
effect forbidden to hold political conventlors
under the protection of the law. It is nu
snswf r to this to say that they may Ftiil cause
the nanus of their nominees to be placed upun
the election ballot by petition. The objection
is not that they may not in some way pre
serve this essential right, but that they ate
denied the right to accomplish this result by
the holding of a convention, that they are
denied the right freely to ars^mble under the
prelection of the law, a right preserved in
them froth by the constitution of the United
States and of the State of California, whiie
ether political parties' no differently situated
saving that they are numerically stronger are
given ih.s right and protected by all of the
machinery of the law in its exercise.
Political conventions are after all but public
assemblages of the people, having for their
end the discussion of ways and means for the
IHiblic good. Hy the declaration of rights of
the constitution of this State the people have
the right to freely assemble together to con
sult for the common gi>od, to instruct their rep
resentatives and to petition the Legislature for
redress of grievances. (Art. 1, Sec. 10.) No
citizens or class of citizens shall be granted
privileges or immur'ties which upon the same
terms shall not be granted to other citizens
(Pec. 21), and all laws of a general nature shall
have a uniform iperation (Sec. 11). How can
it be said that a law which protects by legis
lation a certain number of citizens forming
one political party and deprives a fewer num
ber of citizens forming another political party
(if the same protection is not violative of these
provisions? Or how yhall it be said that a man
belonging to a party holding certain political
principles may not participate in a primary
election when his neighbor of different political
faith !s accorded the right so to do?
Limitation Is Unreasonable.
Moreover, if the Legislature may deny the
protection of its l«ws to a political party which
has ca?t lers than 3 per cent of the votes,
why may it not deny the same right to a party
which has cast 4S per cent of the votes? This
is not a mere matter of regulation, as in the
case of the election ballot. It is the depriva
tion of th<- one party and the conferring upon
tnuihrr of certain important political rights,
and answer to it cannot be made by &ayi°hg
that the 3 per cent limit is reasonable while
a 4S per cent limitation would be un
reasonable. It is a question of power. Either
the Legislature has or has not the power bo
to do. If it has the power the question of
reasonableness or unreasonabless Is for the
Legislature alcne. and a court would not more
be Justified in overthrowing the law because
it believed a 4'J per cent limitation to be un
reasonable than in the absence of Euch power
it would be warranted in upholding a 3 per
cent limitation because it might believe it to
l# reasonable. And upon this we think that
under the fxprefs limitations upon the power
of the Le-rislature in the sections of the con
stitution above Pdvierted to the Legislature
hhf not such power. For the effect of its act
here under consideration is not only to discrim
inate between political parties and the mem
bers thereof, but absolutely to work the dis
iranchisement of voters, or to compel them,
if they v.jte at all, to vote for representatives
<f i-jlltical parties other than that to which
they bolong. The deprivation of the right of
selection is a deprivation of the right of fran
chise.
May Freely Assemble.
It is further contended against this law that
lr. its present state it works an unwarranted
Invasion of the rights of political parties and
this contention merits mere than a passing no
tice. No one can be so ignorant as not to ap
preciate- the value, indeed the necessity of on
peeing political parties in a Government such
as our?. No one, it would seem can be so
thoughtle^ .if not to realize lhat government
by the people ie a progressive institution which
seeks to give expression and effect to the
wisest and best ideas of its meml^rs. No ex
j.reFslon is needed In the declaration of rights
to the effect that electors holding certain po
litical principles in common may freely asuem
1-le. organize themselves into a political party
and use all legitimate meas:« to carrv their
principles of government into active operations
through the Fuffrage of their fellows. Such a
licht Is fundamental. It is inherent in the
very form and substance of <-*Jr Government
nnd r.eeris no expression in its constitution
Keys Judge Cooley in discussing this generai
f-ubject M.'cnBt. l.im., p. 174): "It Ooes not
loHow. however, that fn every care th« courts
before they can set aside a law a-e Invalid'
must be able to find In the prostitution Home
f-1-eriflc inhibition which ha« b»en disregarded
or some express command which has l">er. dis
obeyed. Prohibition!" are only Important v.hen
ti'ej- aro in thr- nature of exceptions to a gen
eral rrant cf powr: arid if the authorftv to <lo
an act l>a* r><n been pranted by tin; sovereign
i> its representatives it cannot be necessary to
prohibit its being dGne. • • •
One Power Usurping- Another.
"The right nf local Fe!f-trr>vemm«»nt cannot
be taker, away, because all our constitutions
assume lt» continuance as the undoubted right
of the people and as an inseparable incident to
republican government. The bills of rights In
!he American constitutions forbid that parties
Ask if Legislature May Deny Pro
tection to Parties Casting Smaller
Vote, Why -Not Deny It to Larger
Ones?
In the Australian ballot law a declaration Is
found defining what constitutes a political party
within the purview of the act; and then It Is
further declared that those parties are entitled
to hold political conventions and nominate can
didates for office. The .vital element going to
make up a political party under that act is
that it shall have polled 3 per cent of the
entire vote ca»t at the last election: The pri
mary la w doe3 not a" em Pt t0 define the phrase
•'political' parties," but , declare* that only
those political parties which polled 3 per
cent of the total vote cast at the laat election
shall participate in primary elections. In other
words, this is a declaration that only those po.
Utlcal' parties which are entitled to hold con
ventions and nominate candidates for office
Milder the Australian ballot law are entitled to
hold primary elections. It Is thus apparent that
In his dissenting opinion the Justice who
disagrees with his colleagues says:
Dissenting Opinion.
I concur in the judgment on the second
ground discussed by Mr. Justice Henshaw, and
lor the following additional reasons:
The act 1eeognl2.es the necessity cf political
parties and they are in fact thj instrumentali
ties through which the reon'e govern. A poli
tical party is an association ot citizens who
agree r.n certain lines of policy, and the pur
pose for which It exists Is to Impose that pol
icy upon the govtrnrr.er.t. This can only be
done by electing to office those who are in fa
vor of such policy. It Is for this that conven
tions are held and candidates selected. To do
thin it Is absolutely necessary that the party
shall be able to exclude from its conventions
and from controlling positions In the party
tho*» who are not in accord with its principles.
It must have the power to prescribe Its own
tests- It is the test that determines what the
party Khali be. To deprive that party of thin
power is to destroy it. No ona would contend
that the I>>f,-ltlature can prescribe what the
test ?hall l>e. If it could do this it could pre
scribe what parties shall exist. And then, par
ties sometimes divide on . great public ques
tions In *uch case the party retaining the old
name would liave the right, by proper tests, to
exclude Hies* formerly affiliated with it but
who now dlfTer. Unless a party can do all
thi>'.e things It hns no security that the candi
dates put forth In its name- represent it* prin
ciples And then the management and control
of its" organization may be taken, out of Its
hantfs and glv^n to its enemies. All this right
of self-control the primary election law takes
from the party organization. The party is de
stroyed, or may 1*-. and the members practi
cally denied the right of free iiurfras**.
And then th«re may happen to be a new party
which did not exist nt the previous election.
Why should It, or. indeed, other political par
ties colling less than three per cent of the
votes be denied the benefit of the protection of
this law—If it be a protection ? TEMpLE }
I concur In the above '.
Justice Temple's concurring opinion is
as follows: .
Justice Temple Goes Further.
For the foregoing reasons the Judgment of
the trial court is reversed, with directions that
it overrule the demurrer of defendants.
HENSHAW. Judge.
We concur: Van Dyke, Judge; McKarland,
Judge. I dlcB»nt: Beatty, Chief Justice.
. A law which will destroy such party or
ganization or permit it fraudulently to pass
into the hands of its political enemies cannot
be upheld. The procedure of political .parties
may be regulated and the wisdom of the Leg
islature may well be exercised in' devising
methods to check political corruption and
fraud, but 'the Legislature Itself," under the
guise of regulation, cannot be permitted to
throw open the doors to thece very abuses.
A law authorizing or even permitting the op
ponent* of an organized -political pa>ty to
namp the delegates to the nominating conven
tion of that party would not for a moment be
countenanced. Yet that in effect is precisely
what the act under consideration does permit.
It provides that the primary election of all
political parties shall be held at the same time.
To the intending voter at such primary om>
ticket is given. No question may be permitt'.-l
touching his political affiliation, past, present
or future. The voter -takes the tickPt. retires
Into the privacy of the booth and there, seat»d
—and not in violation of any law, but In strict
accordance with the law — names such dele
gates as he desires td the political convention
of one or another of the parties, whether he 1*
a member of that party or not, whether he
ever intends to become such a member or not.
The result Is apparent. ; The contr"! of the
party and of lt« affairs, the promulgation and
advocacy of Its principles, are taken from the
hands cf its honest members and turned over
to the venal and corrupt of other political par
ties, or of none at all. Masquerading thJS
under the name of one of the great political
parties might be a convention or men author
ized by this law to represent It and place upon
the general election ballot as its candidate
those whom they might select— a body of men
whose sole purpose might be the disruption
and destruction of the party whose representa
tives this law declared them to b<*. It is ex
pressly declared In the declaration of rights
that the enumeration therein contained shall
net be construed to impair or deny others re
tained by the-people. (Art. I. Sec. -23.) A law
which thus permits the disruption and mis
representation of a political party is an in
novation of these reserved rights.
"The purpo.es f'^r which men enter Into so
ciety will determine the nature and terms of
the compact: and as they are the foundation
of the legislative power, they will deride what
ere the proper objects of it. The nature and
ends of legislative power will limit the exer
cise of it. This fundamental principle flows
from the very nature of our free, republican
governments, that no man should be compelled
to rirt what the laws do not require, nor to re
frain from acts which the Jaws permit. There
are acts which the Federal or State Legisla
ture cannot do without exceeding their au
thority. There are certain vital principles in
our fre<» American republican scovernments
which will determine and overrule an appar
ent and flagrant abuse of legislative power: as
to authorize manifest Injustice, by positive
law; or to take away that security for personal
liberty, or private property, for the protection
whereof the government is established. An act
of the Legislature (for I cannot call it a law)
contrary to the first great principles of the so
cial compact, cannot be considered a rightful
exprclse of legislative authority." And in Loan
Association vs. Topeka; 2<> Wall.. 66.1, that same
tribunal declared: "It must be conceded that
there are such rights in every free govern
ment beyond the control of the State. • • •
There are limitations on such power which
grow out of the essential nature of all free
governments'— Implied reservations of individual
rights, without which the social compact could
not exist, and which are respected by all gov
ernments entitled to the name." Active politi
cal parties, parties in opposition to the dom
inant political party are. as has been said, es
sential to the very existence of our govern
ment. The rljiht of any number of men hold
ing common political beliefs or governmental
principles to advocate their views through
party organization cannot be denied. As has
been said: "Self-preservation Is an Inherent
rljrfct of political partien as well as of Indi
viduals." (Cripple vs. Broad, 25 Colo., 407.)
Must Preserve Party Organization.
shall be deprived of property except by the law
of the land; but if the prohibition had been
omitted a legislative enactment to pass one
man's property over to another would, never
theless, be void. • • • There Is no difficulty
In .-a>ing that any ruch act. '.vhioh unrter pre
tense of exercising one power is usurping an
other. Is opposed to the constitution and void.
It is assuming a power which the people, if
they have not granted it at a'i. have reserved
to themselves." As early as 179S the Supreme
Court of the United States, speaking- through
Justice Chase, in CaJder vs. Bull. 3 Dall.. 3S«.
taid: "I cannot subscribe the omnipotence of
a State Lesisiature or that it Ip absolute and
without control, although its authority should
p.ot be restrained by the constitution or funda
mental law of the State. The people of the
United States erected their constitutions or
forma of government to establish justice,, to
promote the general welfare, to secure the
blessings of liberty, and to protect their per
sons and property from violem-e.
Pro-vision, Under Which Political Parties Casting Less Than Three Per Cent of Total Vote Are
- -,".' Denied Privileges of Others Looked Upon by Justices as Unfair.
SUPREME COURT PRONOUNCES THE STRATTON
PRIMARY LAW TO BE UNCONSTITUTIONAL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
A. i Camjnettl of Amador Is Inclined to
believe that the decision is a misfortune
to the State, although he does not In the
Senator J. C. Sims, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee, was
preparing to leave the city for Santa
Rosa when he heard of the decision. He
said the committee would not- take any
line of action until the lawyers were
consulted. Personally he was in favor
of primaries, according to old forms of
party usage. He was of the opinion that
Democratic sentiment generally preferred
primaries rather -than the system of ap
pointing delegates. He remarked that a
meeting of the executive committee
would be held next Saturday. Chairman
Sims is In favor of holding the State Con
vention at San Jose, the place designated
by the State Central Committee.
T. O. Toland of Ventura, who .was yes
terday chosen chairman of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy caused- by
the resignation of R. M. Fitzgerald, -read
the court decision to a throng of Demo
crats at headQuarters. The concurring
and dissenting opinions were discussed.
Lawyers Will Be Consulted.
Senator Cutter, secretary of the commit
tee, and one who served in the last Legis
lature, was surprised, but not over
whelmed with astonishment. He expressed
the opinion that the old Porter law which
afforded a plan of electing delegates to
nominating conventions was knocked out
by the amendments to the Political Code
which were made to smooth the way for
the Stratton law. He remarked that the
Australian ballot law stood, but nothing
remained to govern primaries. He fancied
that unregistered persons could be pre
vented from participating In the open, ko
as you please primaries by the adoption
of a test, "Are you registered?" Each
political party could, in his judgment,
submit any form of test agreed upon.
Secretary Cutter said he would not
change the date or plaoe of holding the
State Convention, or for that matter
change the apportionment. He was of the
opinion that county committees through
out the State would settle the manner of
selecting delegates according to the
wishes of their respective localities. Of
course the conventions could not exclude
proxies. He realized that all the State
Central Committee -could do was advise
county committees, and the latter could
appoint delegates or select their repre
sentatives by primary election or mass
meeting. . . . ..-._.
A Call representative conveyed to M.
F. Tarpey. Democratic National Commit
tfeman, the first news of the Supreme
Court decision. Mr. Tarpey instantly went
to Democratic headquarters at the Cali
fornia Hotel to discuss the situation with
Chairman J. C. Sims.,. It was the Judg
ment of tho national commlttceman that
measures should be taken at once to get
the best legal advice on the subject. ¦ In
view of all the conditions and the fact
that the decision affected both political
parties in the same manner he believed it
advisable that a joint conference of Re
publican and Democratic leaders should
be called.
ticket,
29
JUSTICE HENSHAW,
(Photo by Taber.)
JUSTICE GAROUTTE.
* (Photo by Taber.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY ARE Sffi£%!^it IT
BYDK5PERSIA %^ H .
mi CURED BY lilfc '
Those Pingree-made
"GLORIA" boots for
" - women are very hand-
some, indeed. • Pains-
takingly made, they
fit like the proverbial i
glove — witiost a sqaaezs
or a pinch.
NO ONE-ELSE HAS THEM.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA "SHOE CO.
tO Third St., San Francisco.of Justice informed Auditor Wells yester
day morning that they would not accept
70 per cent of their claims. Their bills
amount to $6000 and they Insist on receiv
ing full payment. The Auditor thinks
that this action will not prevent the build-
Ing from being occupied. He will lay
aside the pro rata of the two sub-con
tractors, and if they wajit any more they
will have to sue for it.
Services at Peniel Mission.
Rev. Herbert Buftum and wife will this
morning begin a series of meetings at the
Penlel Mission Hall, on the corner of Pine
and Kearny streets. The morning service
will begin at 10:30 o'clock and the even
ing service at 7:30. This will not Interfere
with the regular service at t 3 p. m. at 49
Third street.
Have a Look at Them.
Ladies' shoes and ties worth $2 will b9
sold to-mnrrow for 50c a pair at- the as
signee sale of shoes, 775 Market street,
near. Fourth. •
Wanted for Embezzlement.
A warrant was issued by Judge Mogan,
yesterday for the arrest of M. P. Vander
ver, ex-Deputy Sheriff, on a charge of
felony embezzlement. He is accused of
embezzling $311 23 from Zellerbach &
Sons, paper merchants, by whom he was
employed as salesman.
Morton Draying and Warehouse Co.
General Draymen — "Warehousemen — For
warding Agents— No. 204 Battery street. •
Teachers Must Register.
Superintendent of Schools "Webster has
issued his first circular of the present
term to principals of schools. In it all
teachers who have not already" registered
their State, life and educational diplomas
are notified to do so at once.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Rod'dy Tercovich from Luke Tercovich
for extreme cruelty, and Joseph Rheln
gold from Seine Rheingold for extreme
cruelty.
Nine hundred pairs of the best men's
shoes in the world will be sold at the as
signee sale of shoes. 775 Market street, to
morrow (Monday) at a price that is no
price at all for such shoes. Fit for law
yers, doctors or bankers. Look at the
window display. Now comes the cat— 500
pairs men's calf and russet shoes at $1 25
a pair, and 400 pairs men's vici kid shoes
at $1 85: all sizes from C to 11. These
shoes will be sold to-morrow only— not bp
fore nor after. Positively no change from
this. Sale begins at S a. m. Assignee sale
of shoes, 775 Market street, near Fourth,
P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
The Cat Out of the, Bag.
Hall of Justice Again.
Two of the sub-contractors of the Ha.Il
Prior to the sailing of the Hancock a
very pleasing Incident took place. Cap
tain Bradley, quartermaster captain of
the transport, was presented with a mag
nificent loving cup. It came from the
members of the Philippine Commission
that- was Bent. to^Manllaon the Hancock
by the Government. -Captain-' Bradley
Loving Cup for Bradley.
Soon a number of the soldiers and
marines began to get hilarious and then
the police "smelt a rat." They secured
one of Henry Peterson's boats and made
a search under the wharf, but the whisky
traders saw them getting into the boat
and easily made their escape. No more
liquor got on the wharf by that route.
Many of tho men attempted to take
large bottles of whisky aboard the trans
port, but in every instance it was taken
from them by the officer on watch and
smashed against the. side of the ship.
The next transports to get away for
China will be the Meade from this port
and the Garonne from Seattle. Both ves
sels leave on Wednesday, August 1. The
Meade Is to take away one battalion of
the Fifteenth Infantry, one squadron at
the Third Cavalry and one company'of
engineers; in all sixty officers and 1071
men. The Garonne takes away two squad
rons of the First Cavalry and 100 recruits;
In all thirty-five officers and 950 men.
Police Stop the Game.
Major Hugh J. Gallagher goes to Chln.i
to be chief commissary on General
Chaff ee's staff. He takes his own e'erks
along and expects to have plenty of hard
work keeping the army supplied during
the march to Peking.
There were many bitter partings
when the hour for sailing came
along and then as the minutes
passed and there was no sign of the
big transport getting away the women
took heart of grace and began to smile
again.
Some wily waterfront rats hit on a great
scheme to make money and did a land
office business in flasks of whisky until
the police found them out. They secured
a Whitehall, loaded her with the whisky,
and getting under the wharf passed up
twenty-five cent flasks, charging fifty
cents for them, as fast as they could be
handled.
When the Navy Department determined
to enlist a battalion of marines the com
mand was given to Major Randolph Dick
ins. The major is well known in San
Francisco and a host of • friends were
down to wish him godspeed yesterday. He
was here for some time as captain of ma
rines on the Philadelphia, but shortly be
fore the war \Vas transferred to the Or
egon and accompanied that vessel on her
famous run around the Horn to Cuba, He
eerved throughout the Spanish war on the
battleship and at its conclusion was pro
moted to be a major and placed. in com
mand of the barracks at the Washington
Navy-yard.
Company A of the battalion Is officered
by Captain McKelvey and Lieutenants
Mathews and Baxtrom. It was recruited in
New York. Captain Dutton is in eom~
mand of Company B. He is the son of W.
J. Dutton of this city and has served In
Manila. Company C was recruited at
Charleston navy yard, Boston. Its offi
cers are Captain Moses and Lieutenants
McDougald and Taylor. Lieutenant Hirsh
lnger of Mare Island accompanies the bat
talion as adjutant.
Lieutenant Colonel John H. Calef was to
have gone out in command of the four
batteries of the Third Artillery, but he did
not get here in time, so Captain Charles
Humphreys went out in command of tho
battalion.
The complete list of those who will sail
on the Hancock Is as follows: Batteries
A, D, I and O of the Third Artillery;
Companies A, B, C and D of marines;
Major Hugh Gallagher and four clerks;
eighteen officers of the Marine Corps;
seventeen privates of the Hospital Corps;
¦nine men of the Signal Corps; ten recruits
for Light Battery F, Fifth Artillery; sev
en recruits for the Ninth Infantry and ten
nurses.
Off for the Front.
When the marines reached the transport
wharf they were greeted with ringing
cheers by the men o£ Batteries A. D, I
and 0 of the Third Artillery, which pre
ceded them an the Hancock. The Third
Artillery band was also there and playe^l
familiar airs throughout the day. The
favorite with all hands was "There'll Be
a Hot Time." The band does not accom
pany the regiment, but the men went to
the wharf in a body to bid their comrades
good-by.
It is many a long day since San Fran
cisco eaw such a gathering of marines as
paraded along East street yesterday. They
came 500 strong from the recruiting' sta
tions at New \ork, Annapolis, Washing
ton and Boston and are a very fine body
of men. It required two trips of the
Ocean Wave to bring them from Point
Richmond to San Francisco. Companies
A and C came over on the 8 a. m. trip,
while Companies B and D reached this
side at 11:20 a. m.
after midnight before she got out into the
stream,, where shie anchored. Early this
morning she will get away for Taku, stop
ping at Xagasaki en route.
Acting Assistant Surgeons H. C. Many
and W. W. Reno are assigned to duty at
the general hospital. Presidio, awaiting
transportation abroad.
Captain Charles WJlcox is assigned to
duty with the Ninth Cavalry on its ar
rival in this city.
First Lieutenant Leigh A. Fuller, as
sistant surgeon. U. S. A., is in this city
dwaiting the arrival of the Third Battal
ion of the Fifteenth Infantry, to the com
manding officer of which he will report for
assignment to duty.
Thirteen insane soldiers now at the Pre
sidio are booked for transportation to
Washington, to be confined in the Gov
ernment hospital for the insane.
The general hospital received forty-six
patients from the Warren. Seventeen pa
tients -were discharged yesterday and as
signed to duty with the convalescents.
"Word was received at army headquar
ters yesterday that Lieutenant Colonel
Williams, with companies A, I, K and L
of the Fifteenth United States Infantry,
would arrive in this city this evening.
Company E of the battalion of engineers
is expected to arrive here this morning.
The home battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry, which came from Manila on the
transport Warren, reached the Presidio
late yesterday afternoon on the McDow
ell. They were met at the wharf by the
band of the Third Artillery and a de
tachment of the Eighteenth Infantry,
commajided by Captain P. D. Evans, who
escorted it- to the camp vacated by the
Third Artillery, which they will occupy
until ordered East.
Four troops of the Third Cavalry are
due here Monday night.
More Soldiers Coming-.
was of great service to these gentlemen
and they wished to remember his kind
ness and courtesy.
When the members of the Commission
got back to New York they sent the sliver
out of which the cup is made to Shreve &
Co. of this city. A design accom
panied the silver. Shreve &. Co:
made • the loving cup and yesterday It
was presented to Captain Bradley. It Is
a massive affair of chaste design and Cap
tain Bradley is justly proud of It. "
THE transport whaTf Is once more re- j tween the ferries and the troopship Han
echoing to the martial tread of i cock, while the wharf and Its vicinity was
troops. Soldiers are being hurried to . crowded from early morning until night-
Cfcina and a subdued air of excite- j fall.
Tr.ent once more j>€rmoates the water • The transport Hancock was to have got
front. Yesterday soldiers and marines ' away at 2 p. m.. but owing to the non
•vrere coming and going all day long be- j arrival of the soldiers' baggage it was
Roberts, Johnson & Rand Shoe Com
pany of St. Louis, Mo., have assigned to
the Bee Hive Shoe Company 500 dozen
men's shoes. These shoes are made of
calfskin, sole leather counters; a good
shoe to wear; guaranteed. All styles, sizes
and widths to be sold for $1 50 a pair. Take
them to your shoemaker and if he does
not tell you they are worth $2 50 return
them and get your money back. Bee Hive
Shoe Company, 717 Market street, near
Third. •
A Reasonable Proposition.
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS OFF
FOR SEAT OF WAR IN CHINA
There has been considerable curiosity as
to how the parade reports of the First In
fantry of the National Guard of California
will show up when they reach headquar
ters. At headquarters no one as yet seems
to know what they look like or If any one
does the fact is concealed from the pub
lic, for when inquiry is made as to news
of the guard the answer is, "There la
nothing new."
It. is known outside of official sources
that a number of the companies of that
regiment did not parade on the Fourth or
July In the numbers that the law requires.
The law is that when, companies are or
dered out for parade if any parade less
than thirty-two men it shall be disband
ed Some of the companies made such a
meager showing that they had to be con
solidated with the result that there was
not a full regiment on parade. One of
the companies did not have more than ten
men for parade. An officer of the com
pany, when asked how he would get over
the thirty-two or disband proposition, re
plied:
"That's easy enough. The men reported
at the armory— more than forty of them.—
but we did not have any uniforms t?r
them so they could not parade. We man
aged to scrape up a few presentable uni
forms and consolidated our men with oth
er companies that were shy on uniforms.
The men answered rollcall and that is
equivalent to parading In view of the fact
that they could not be in line in the. habili
ments of soldiers." . . :
The reply of the 'officer as to the uni
forms for the First Infantry Is true. It
Is now several months since the measures
for the men were given, but the uniforms
have not materialized. If this continues
it Is likely that the First Regiment will
not be in better condition, to parade on
Admission day than it was on the Fourth
of July.
"The lack of promptitude in placing the
guard on the footing 10 make It the ef
fective body that the taxpayers expect it
should be," said a disgusted guardsman
yesterday, "has had a demoralizing effect
on the men, who now do not seem to care
if they ever receive uniforms or if the
guard is equipped."
Colonel J. F. B«rgin, having- been placed
on the retired list, bas been detailed to-re
port to the brigadier general of the Sec
ond Brigade. He will act as assistant
adjutant general, to succeed Giesting
with rank of lieutenant colonel. When he
was selected for that position he would,
if he had accepted it at once, been re
duced from colonel to the lower grade.
In order not to lose his rank, having
served long enough, he asked'to be placed
on the retired Hat; It was a neat little
scheme and it worked to the satisfaction
of Colonel Burgin.
The long talked of changes on the staff
of the commander in chief have been
made. Wlnslow Anderson is made sur
geon general, vice Hopkins; F. E. Beck
paymaster, vice Chadbourne: Robert J.
Northram aid, vice Gasson; James B.
Lankershlm. vice Ogden: Samuel J. Hen
dy aid, vice P. L. Bu?h. The others on the
staff remain undisturbed.
Colonel Burgin Works a little Scheme
to Accept a New Appointment
Without Being Reduced
in Bank.
Why First Regiment Made
Slim Show in Fourth of
July Parade.
GUARDSMEN ARE
STILL WITHOUT
THEIR UNIFORMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
OX THE TRANSPORT DOCK JUST BEFORE THE HANCOCK PULLED OUT INTO THE STREAM.
30
Special Sale
Ladies' Muslin Underwear
« On Monday, July 30th, we place on sale a very
large assortment of manufacturers' samples of
muslin underwear; well made of good materials,
perfectly shaped and nicely trimmed; at about
one-third less these goods are really worth :
Corset covers 15, 20, 25c up to $ 1.50 each
Drawers 20, 25, 30c up to 2.50 each
Chemise 3Sj 45, S oc U P to 5-°° eacn
Gowns 45, 50, 60c up to 10.00 each
Skirts 50, 60, 70c up to 15.00 each
*
These goods are now on display in our windows
and we invite your inspection.
¦'¦.¦„¦.:¦ ¦,:¦¦¦¦--. ¦¦¦¦'¦ ¦,„.-.¦..-¦¦ • :.¦¦„.,-. ... ¦-¦.-."¦¦.-.¦..¦: _'.",. ¦ ¦¦¦_-'- - ¦ :
129 Kearny Street
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Including: Lemalres, with and without handles.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing:. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^^^w.
v 642 Market St. ihstrumcnts
.UrtDtR CHROMlClt BV10IN&, CATALOGUE fREl.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts. < fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. E26 Sutter. *
4- Room Furniture
BEDROOM— Bedroom set, '7 piecem. hardwood;
1 good Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattress, 1
Pair Pillows. __ 'j. ,
PARLOR— S pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Bet. _ . "
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table,
6 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. I Stove, a
Chairs.
¦ • No extra ehar*» on credit.
— MAKE TOTTR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
vy;~ Open Evenings. ¦ /"
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neur&lrta.
Druggists, Wo flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
LAST WEEK OF OUR
SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING.
FANCY SILKS, in striped anl Plaid Taffetas, Plall
Surans, Corded Fancu Taffetas and Figured Satins,
all In short lengths, suitable fop waists and skirts, 1
prices were $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 nard.
AH Opffiippd In Vsrrl
nil tiuulibGU 111 uUu I (II Ui
NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS, in Silk and Wool Novelties
and Silk and Wool Novelty Crepons, all this season's
Importation, all marked down to afcout one-half the
cost to Import.
GENUINE FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES, latest de-
signs, Scotch and Irish Printed Dimities, all
fast colors.
iluUUuGU 10 8£2u I til Us
LADIES' FINE SHIRT WAISTS, In a good varletg of
colorings and styles, full assortment of sizes, all
marked down to less than cost to Import,
A large accumulation of REMNANTS OF* BLACK, col-
ored AND FANCY RIBBONS, REMNANTS OF SWISS
NAINSOOK AND CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES Will hS
sold this week at very Low Prices.
Ill, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. \
I/EARXT AND WASHINGTON' STS.-Re>
« modeled and renovated. KINO. WAIU>
CO. European plan. Ilooms. 50c to Jl 50 day
$5 to S3 week: Js to $20 month. Free batna- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la every
room; elevator runs all nlsht.
DR.MQNULTY.
n^IIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLT>
X SpecialistcMres Private. .Nervous, unit Uiood L>is-
nv«se* of ilen only. Book on Private .Diseases and
V. eaknesses of .Mpu. free. Over y 'rs' exo^rioncf
PntientscurPdai Home. Terms reiwonahio. Hour* ; >
to3daily :&30 to 3:30 e v'ks. Snmlava, 10 to 12. « onsui-
taUon tree and sacredly conthlpntinl. CiiK.oracMresa
«., p ;- KOseoE MpMi.ty. m. i>.
8C^ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
SI f r^ *^5
r Sinn 1^ v
Specials ' /^^^^
Another %U^^m
Record in g» |§|O
Price= 1 « *?^jj
Making! UL«^^ i
$S.50and$4 Ffs^f
Values \(/\V
300 Boys School Suits, ¦ l
all brand new winter- ifnlffH a Hrf
weights, handsome effects /ilijKiSisr
7*7?/ tan, olive and Oxford, (^^LJ~^~" — ~a^k
checks and overplaids,
ages A to 15 years, suit
zvorth$3.5O to $4. PEDA6O61/E
Special PEffCIL-BOX
$Loo $? and $s
Values M^sJ^^v-*
1 free! free! I Bannockburn
If Patent Pedagogue j§ •'
£ Pencil Box r rh1f~r r fn : *C
| With Your School Suit §
Those good, sturdy, long, sta-
<*~~~~~^ ty BOVS' 6 r ° 0^ Scotches, made in
* "Auld Scotland." Such pretty
T^ffi***^^^ C3.O5 colorings/ The Coats made\witJi
* * droad extended shoulders, ages
Boys' Yachts, new Fall styles, 4 to 15 years, suits ivorth $7 to
xrv blue serge and imported Ger- u Us h m wUh strcngth of
man cloth, made with real . , . 7 a '
leather visors or plain, worth a tron and/ steeL
hundred cents. Special Special at
INCORPORATED,
Corner Kearny St. and Union Square Ave.
I A large shipment of Car- | jj
§ pets, Rugs, Art Squares, ;
Matting, etc., just received. ;
j Largest stock and lowest jj
j prices in the city.
THE J. NOONAN j
I Furniture Company (Inc.). >-
I IO17«fO23 AfflSSfOfll ST., ".
ft ABOVE SIXTH.
a Phone South 14. San Franci3co.
4 Cash or Llttle-at-a-Tlme. [
DR. PIERCE'S "^JlJN^ Guarantied
ELECTRIC */r\^x t0 te l^ 5
We have belts as low as $3. same as otliers
sell at much higher prices, but they are not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces in a short time, ami which may
be had at a moderate price, you must hav«
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62f> Market Street, San Francisco.
Or 1 145 Broadway, New York City.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them, their
headquarters when visitlss Saa
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment en the American and Burop«a.n
plans. I • f . -
ADVERTISE Jl KNT3.Edward Kilton, a student residing at
1933 Mason street, made a bluff at killing
John Panella. who resides at 1610 Mason
street, last night at the corner of Mason
and Broadway streets. The two boys had
trouble and Kilton fired a shot to frighten
Panella when the latter attacked him.
Policeman John Davids arrested Klltoa
and locked him up at the California-street
police station. _ _
Shot to Frighten a Fighter.
Out at W. R. Grace & Co/s stockyards,
on the San Bruno road, a lively scene la
to be witnessed every day. Six hundred
young horses, shaggy and wild, are being
broken to saddle preparatory to shipment
to China, where they will be used as re
mounts by the German cavalry.
A short time ago the New York branch
of the firm received a communication
from Berlin ordering 2000 young California
horses for use In China. Buyers were at
once sent through this State and Nevada
and the GOO at San Bruno are the first
fruits of their work. The horses are to
be shipped to the theater of war on the
steamship Formosa, which will arrive
here from China under charter to Grace
& Co. at the end of August. On her ar
rival stalls and loose boxes will be fitted
In her 'tween decks and her equine pas
sengers will at once go aboard and start
on their long Journey to Klaochau.
whence they will be driven to the points
where they are required. Some of the
i
GERMANY ORDERS HORSES
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Two reports of robbery were made to
the California-street police station last
night. Andrew Palleanau. a miner, claims
he was robbed of $310 while asleep in a
chair in the New Atlantic Hotel, j
p H. Bartels, proprietor of the White
Front saloon at 537 Washington street, re
ported that his place had been robbed and
stock and cash to the amount of $30 taken.
Palleanau went Into the hotel early In
the evening. He was under the Influence
of liquor and sat down In a chair. Before
he went to sleep he took off his coat and
vest and hung them on a hook. In one of
the pockets was the roll of money. Ha
slept soundly for some time and was
tinally awakened by some one In the room.
When. he searched his clothing tne money
was gone. . .
Burglars entered the saloon from the
sidewalk. In which Is a trap door. This
door the proprietor neglected to lock when
he went nome, as was his usual custom.
Toe thieves lowered themselves into the
Baring Saloon Burglary on Washing
ton Street Reported to Officers
at, the California Street
Police Station.
FELL ASLEEP IN CHAIR
AND WAS ROBBED
later shipments may take place from Val
paraiso, where the firm has a house, but
this Is not very likely, as in September
three eligible steamers will come into
port— the Alisa. the Numbers and the
big tramp Bosnia. Ths horse3 are flna
specimens of the' wiry, tireless kind.
They range from 14.2 to IS hands and
weigh from 90O to 1200 pounds. The tough
ness and endurance or the broncho West
ern stock, as well as the economy nf Cali
fornia as a shipping point for the Chinese
station, induced/the German Government
to place the order here. It Is said on ex
cellent authority that the United States
Government intends to shortly ship 1500
horses to the Orient, the first consignment
sailing on the Aztec.
J. H. Rosseter says that at the Grace
*tockvards half a dozen cowboys under
"Pete?" Brenner are breaking the stock as
It comes in. Each of these can break
twelve horses In three days, so the work
of making the flrst lot of horses fit for
the saddle will be finished in time for im
mediate shipment on the Formosa's ar
rival.
basement and gained' an entrance to th«
barroom by climbing a flight of stairs.
They searched the cash register and took
the contents, which amounted to only a
few dollars. They then loaded themselves
down with cigars and liquors and made
their escape. The' police have no clew as
to who did either Job.
Monsignor James F. Laughlln is 50
years of age. He was ordained a priest
In 1S74. The ceremony of investing Mon
signor Laughlin with the robes of the
pontifical court of Pope Leo XIII took
place on April 27 last in the Cathedral at
Philadelphia. The ceremony was perform
ed by Archbishop Ryan. The members of
the American alumni of the Roman Col
lege o$ the Propaganda, who held their
annual reunion in Philadelphia on April
27. were present.
The honor conferred upon Monsignor
Laughlin was in recognition of his learn
ing and for his services in the church
and It came opportunely, as he celebrated
the twenty-fifth anniversary of his or
dination to priesthood on that day. -
The pontifical court is composed of the
assistants who. participate under the. Pope
In ruling the universal church.
Member of the Pontifical Court.
first- as coadjutor to Right Rev. Mora.
D.D., bishop of Monterey and Los An
geles.
Part II— "Wedding March" (Mendelssohn):
flute solo, fantasia from "Trav'.ata" (Verdi). A.
Lombards; "La Benediction des Polgnards,"
grand scene des "Huguenots" (Meyerbeer);
"Dance of Russian Peasants" (Ascber);
"Dewey March" OV. P. Chambers).
Part I— "Jubel" overture (Weber); mazurka,
"Leu Ondlnes du Nil" (Grognet); selection.
"Martha" 1 <KIotow): '¦Celebrated Menuet"
(Paderewskl) ; '¦Reminescences of the Planta
tkn," songs of the South OV. P. Chambers).
Park Programme of Music.
To-day's programme -of music at Golden Gate
Park is as follows:
This was agreeable and after Uhl swore
to the complaint Judge Cabaniss signed
the warrant and Policeman Rourke's ser
vices were called into requisition. He took
Kellaher to the City Prison, where he
was booked on the charge, and deposited
$20 cafh bail for his release. Uhl went
»vith him to the prison and they left to
gether.
/ "I'll toll you what we'll do," said Kel
laher. "Let us go to the City Hail and
lay the matter before some person there
and be guided by his advice." Uhl con
sented and they went ti- the hall and laid
the matter before Warrant Clerk Peerjv
He .suggested a warrant charging Kella
her with malicious mischief.
Martin* Kc-llaher. a contractor, is mak
ing alterations in a building at 551 Mar
ket street owned by Sampson Tarns. He
had to cut some electric wires and Adolph
Uhl. who occupies the adjoining building,
protested. Kellaher said he could not do
the work without cutting the wires and
Uhl threatened to have him arrested.
The unusual ppec-tncle of a complaining
witness and the defer.dant coming to
gether to the warrant clerk's office, the
one to swear to a complaint and the other
to be booked on the charge, was witnessed
yesterday afternoon.
CONTRACTOR AGREES
TO BE INCARCERATED
( he realized that the interests of the San
j Francisco archdiocese demanded his pres
i ence and interest. He determined to re
turn, therefore, but he decided also that he
must receive a coadjutor. This is the
! reason for the appointment of Bishop
i Montgomery to the high position which
• he will soon occupy.
Bishop Montgomery's Serious Duties.
It is expected that Bishop Montgomery
will be able to restore harmony wherever
friction has occurred, and it is assured
that he will carry to completion the de
signs which Archbishop Riordan has made
for the improvement of Catholic interests
in this city. While Bishop Montgomery
will control the details of management in
the archdiocese. Archbishop Riordan will
continue to ("Jrect affairs, and there is
nothing to indicate that he will not for
many years occupy the honored position
which he holds not only in San Francisco
but in the Catholic world of America. His
coadjutor necessarily receives his new
honor with the right of succession.
In connection with these important
events in the Catholic world of San Fran
cisco the life history of each man Inter
ested is of public interest.
Archbishop Riordan passsd his youth in
a seminary at Chicago. Then he went to
Rome and entered the American College.
This was In 1ZZ&. There he tpent a year
in study and another year at Paris. Then
he entered the far-famed University of
Louvain, in Belgium. While abroad the
young student acquired a thorough knowl
edge of French, German. Italian and
Flemish. In all these languages the Arch
bishop can converse quite freely. His
career as a student was brilliant. He was
ordained in the cathedral at Malines, Bel
glum, in 1S65. Later he took the degree
of licentiate of theology.
Honors for a Brilliant Cleric
On returning to America in 1S65 the
young priest was made a professor of
dogmatic theology and the Holy Scripture
In St. Mary's Seminary, Chicago. In 186S
he was appointed rector of St. Mary's
Church. Woodstock, and Jater of St.
Mary's Church. Joliet. In 1S71 he was ap
pointed to the important pastorate of St.
James Church, Chicago, where he re
mained until appointed coadjutor to the
late Archbishop Alemany, with the right
of succession.
The Archbishop's life In San Francisco
has been distinguished by the same bril
liant achievement that marked his career
as a student abroad and a priest at home.
The great cathedral on Van Ness avenue
Is an exemplification of his energy and
Christian zeal. His labors have extended
out Into many worthy channels. He
builds hospitals for the sick, homes for
the poor and asylums for the orphans.
Bishop UontfoxacxT entered upon hla
I3ISTI2*GTnSH.El> CLERICS WHO WILL RTJXE T H ti CATH
OLIC WOELD OF SAN F&ANCISCO.
0N12 of the greatest events in the
history of the Catholic church in
San Francisco 's shortly to be an
nounced officially from Rome. It
Is nothing less than the appoint
ment of Right Ber. George Montgomery.
Bishop cf Los Angeles and Monterey, to
be assistant Bishop ar.d coadjutor to the
Most Rev. Patrick W. Riordan. Arch
bishop of San Francisco.- In a few days
the documents announcing the important
promotion of Bishop Montgomery will ar
rive from Rcrse and the distinguished pre
late will take up his residence in this city
and. assume the grave duties Involved In
his position of coadjutor to Archbishop
PJordan. The successor of Bishop Mont
gomery as Bishop of Los Angeles and
Monterey Trill be Monsignor James F.
Laughlin. rectcr of the cathedral of Phila
delphia and president of the Catholic
Bcmrner School of America.
Bishop Montgomery" er.joya with Arch
bishop Riordan the distinction of being
c-e cf the most noted Catholic prelates
of the United States. As Father Mont
gomery, chancellor of the archdiocese of
£an Francisco, he held the confidence of
all classes and creeds in this city. His
Christianity was broader than his cr*ed.
He was foremost in all movements seek
ing the moral welfare of the people of the
city. He gave his energy, his ability and
his Interest to every effort which prom
ised aid to those that needed help, and it
¦was with sincere regret that the people of
Ban Francisco learned that he was called
to Los AXigeles. although that call meant
to Llrn new honors. It will be with sin
cere pleasure, therefore, that he will be
•welcomed back to this city as the assist
ant and coadjutor of Archbishop Riordan.
Archbishop Biordan's Illness.
It will be a surprise to the Catholic
people cf San Francisco that Archbishop
Riordan needs a coadjutor, as It Is not
generally known that his Grace did not
recover the health which he sought when
he left this city for Rome nearly a year
ago. When lie started on his Journey he
was physically In an unsatisfactory con
dition. For years he had labored unceas
ingly to upbuild the archdiocese over
which he has presided. He had taken an
active, personal part in every movement
which contributed to the prosperity of his
church and his people. While he had the
eatlsfaction of seeing success reward his
endeavors in many fields his health was
undermined.
Addf-d to this discouragement was the
unfortunate fact that affairs In the arch
cloeese were not being conducted as har
moniously as could be wished and Arch
* Lishop Riordan determined to combine
with his necessary visit to Rome a pur
pose to seek rest and, if possible, a re
covery of health. His long absence
s&roaA <*id not Improve his health and
A BOLD attempt was made last
Tuesday by a man known as Frank
Birtton to swindle the Columbian
Banking Company. In the Claus
Spreckels building, out of $3300 by means
of a fraudulent check. Opposed to Blrt
ton's rascality was the cleverness of F.
L. Holland, the cashier of the banking
company, who found out that the check
was spurious. Ihe Scheme failad and
Birtton hastily left the city for parts
unknown to avoid the clutches of the po
lice, who were aroused to the fact, after
Birtton had escaped, that he was a swin
dler.
Birtton, whose real name is supposed
to be Sutton, went to work about five
months ago for the People's Mineral
Hygiene Company, of which I. C. Crook
is the president and general manager. He
was at first employed in the bottling of
mineral waters at the company's works.
33 Second street. By strict attention to
business he won the confidence of Mr.
Crook and others connected with the
company. He was ingratiating and com
municative. After a while ho gave out
that he had a wealthy sister. Mrs. Daniel
H. Smith, residing in Newburgh. N. Y..
and that he expected to receive a con
siderable sum of money from her by mail.
He al«o expressed a desire to Invest $1200
in the stock of the People's Mineral Hy
giene Company, a proposition which
pleaded the company.
The advance work having been per
formed, which consisted in gaining the
confidence of Mr. Crook and his asso
ciates Birtton about three weeks ago
made his flrst play for a clean-up. One
day he exhibited to his employers a let
ter postmarked Newburgh, N. Y., which
was signed "Mrs. D. H. Smith." and
which contained a check drawn on the
N-itlonal Bank of Newburgh. The fig
ures on the check were "3300." The word
ing called for the payment to Birtton of
only $3000.
Birtton pretended to be very much
disturbed by this "mistake." His employ
ers were interested in the matter because
he said that he had intended to put J1200
into the company's coffers for stock
in the concern, using the remainder to
buy a house and lot.
"Very well," Birtton said finally, "I i
suppose I will have to wait until I can j
get another check from my sister.
There did. indeed, seem to be no other !
way. This clever play had made the j
mineral water company ready for Birt
ton's third and final step. v ,_j
About a fortnight later came anothe>
letter addressed to Birtton in <«re of the :
People's Mineral Hygiene Company.
"Ah!" exclaimed the operator gleefully !
when he broke the envelope and ostenta
tiously pulled out the inclosed check in |
the presence of his employers. "It i^ all ;
right this time and now I can go ahead." j
Birtton then told a taking story. He I
was in haste to have the check cashed
that he might take advantage of an es
pecially fine chance to buy himself a •
home. in the Mission cheap. He must;
close the matter at once or lose the bar- j
gain. A member of the firm thereupon !
consented to go immediately to the Co
lumbian Banking Company to identify
him. The check that Birtton presented
to the bank teller was drawn on the Na- ;
tional Bank of Newburgh. N. Y., for i
S3200. under date cf July 19, 1000. and was i
signed "Mrs. Daniel H. Smith." The
teller passed the check up to the cashier, j
"This is a personal check." said the j
ca'shier, "and I cannot pay it until after ¦
I have telegraphed to the bank at New- |
burgh to find out whether it is all right."
Birtton stoutly demurred. He said that
he could net wait for he would lose his
bargain. He would rather do business. If
there was to be any delay, with a friend I
of his. a "doctor." whom he expected to ]
see the next day and who had a good In
vestment for him. The representative of
the mineral water company then added
his protestations, saying that Birtton was
all right and that he had worked for the j
concern some time and they knew him I
well.
The cashier was not to be persuaded.
Soon the following dispatch was hasten
ing over the wires eastward:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 24. 1900.
To National Bank of Xewbureh. Xewburgh.
N. T.: Will you pay check Mrs. Daniel II. j
Smith on you, thirty-three hundred dollars? |
Answer quick. COLUMBIAN BANKING CO.
The answer returned was: "We have
no such account as Mrs. Daniel H.
Smith." ,
The suspicions of the cashier were now
very much arou?ed. and he sent a second
dispatch to Newburgh. as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 2*. 13CO.
To National Bank cf N*»wburtrlj. N. T. : Re
ferring to our telegram this datf. one Fran*
Birtton presents ?uch checlc .«lgne<1 by Mrs.
Daniel H. Smith. Do you know any such per
son? COLUMBIAN BAXKINO CO.
The answer to the first dispatch arrived
about 3 p. m., San Francisco time. It
was then too late to expect any additional
answer from Newburgh that day. but the
following came the next morning:
NEWBURGH. N. T.. July 23, 1300.
Columbian Banking Co.. San Francisco. Cal.:
Person named as signing cri»c!c unknown to
us. C L- C. KERH. Cashier.
In the meantime th*» cashier of the Co
lumbian Banking Company had notified
the San Francisco police and also a pri
vate detective agency that Birtton was
probably a crook. From both he received
answer that as Birtton had not actually
committed any crime they would not ar
rest fcirn.
A3 soon as the second dispatch came
from Newburgh a search was made for
Birttcn. He could not be found. An ac
quaintance said the man had told him
that he ¦was s°ing to Nome. .Birtton haa
never been back to inquire concerning the
fata of the bogus check for J33X) nor to
demand payment of the same. The Peo
ple's Mineral Hygiene Company has not
sold $1200 worth of stock to him. nor has
that "bargain in the Mission" been closed.
Birtton is a medium-built man. weighing
about 130 pounds. He is 40 years old, height
about 5 feet i l j inches, complexion florid,
hair dark brown and parted in the mid
dle, mustache dark and short, forehead
low. eyes bright blue, nose thin and nar
row, ears stanJing out and rather large.
He has some distinguishing marks — a
straight scar on his right hand, a scar
on his right wrist, the letters "F. S." in
India ink on his left forearm. When he
was last seen h^re he wore a black Prince
Albert suit and a black Derby hat. He
told acquaintances that he was born at
Trenton, X. J. i
SPURIOUS CHECK AXD MAX WHO TRIED TO UTTER IT.
Since 1834 Bishop Montgomery has been
residing - at Los Angeles, where ho went
I*V- 1S79 Bishop Montgomery was or
dained to the priesthood by Cardinal Gib
bons, then Archbishop, and afterward
came to California, where he became sec
retary under Archbishop Alemany.
Right Rev. George Montgomery was
born In Kentucky, and on both his fath
er's and mother's side his people were
Identified with Maryland and Kentueky
for many generations. The families orig
inally settled in Maryland in Revolution
ary days, and about the beginning of this
century representatives went to» Ken
tucky, being among the pioneers of that
great State. Following the usual prelim
inary schooling. Bishop Montgomery was
sent to the. Cecilian Academy, a well
known institution in that section, and so
called because It was conducted by four
brothers named Cecil. After finishing
there he went to St. Charles College, El-
Ucott City, Md. t conducted by the Fathers
of the Sulpician Order. He pursued his
studies there with his usual energy and
with the view of entering St. Mary's Sem
inary, the great theological seminary of
Baltimore, for at this period he had al
ready chosen his vocation and was look
ing forward anxiously and prayerfully to
the priesthood as the great aim of his
labors. When he entered the theological
seminary at Baltimore it was as a stu
dent for this archdiocese.
Life Story of the Coadjutor.
As chancellor and secretary to his Grace
Archbishop Riordan his genial personal
ity, his promptness and accommodating
spirit gave him the warm friendship of
all brought in contact with him.
The public services of Bishop Montgom
ery have been conspicuous for obvious
reasons, and important and far-reaching
as they have been still of infinitely great
er worth has been his varied work for the
religious advancement of the people. The
extent and value of his labor in this direc
tion cannot be conveyed in a brief sketch.
In his devotion to others he was utterly
unselfish. All the duties of his priestly
offices he has filled with the utmost devo
tion.
Always a friend of labor. Bishop Mont
gomery frequently took part in public
movements, acting in concert with other
public spirited citizens, tending to the ad
vancement and elevation of workingmen.
He was an acknowledged leader, and his
impromptu speeches, characteristic as
they were of his strong personality, never
failed to draw others to him. Physically,
2S well as mentally, strong, he is a tire
less worker. Besides performing the ar
duous duties of his offices while here and
participating in all public movements for
reform, he still found time for work
among the poor. He made no distinction
in his creed. Whenever the churches com
bined in any movement to reform public
morals, uplift the laboring man or aid the
f>oor he could always be found In the
front ranks.
As Father Montgomery' he was the or
ganizer of the League of the Cross
Cadets, and it was his untiring efforts and
enthusiastic zeal that placed that organ
ization on Its present firm footing. His
genial manners, his readiness of apprecia
tion and his quick response to youthful
ambitions engendered for him a warm
friendship In the hearts of San Francisco
youths and they will learn with pleasure
of his continued success.
Bishop Montgomery's Civic Labors.
career In this city in 1S79 as secretary to
Archbishop Alemany, continuing in that
office under Archbishop Riordan and
eventually performing successfully the
duties of chancellor also. He became a
leader at once and a favorite, not only
with the people of his own creed, but
¦with all denominations. As an ardent ad
vocate of temperance he was In the fore
front of every anti-dive movement and
every municipal contest that was to make
men better.
By Orders From Rome the Two Distinguished
Prelates Will Govern the Catholic Affairs
of San Francisco.
necessary Delay "Will Be
Sanctioned.
John M. Chretien appeared before
Judge Dunne yesterday for arraignment
on a charge of obtaining money bv fal?e
pretenses, preferred against him by the
Grand Jury. W. S. Barnes, his counsel,
asked for a continuance until Saturday
next.
"I will grant this continuance," said
Judge Dunne, "but I impress counsel with
the fact that no unnecessary delay in the
trial of this case will be sanctioned by
the court."
"We are quite as anxious as your
Honor." said Barnes, "for a speedy trial.
Proceedings in other courts, however,
make it necessary for us to ask for this
continuance. We will ask for no others."
Court Informs Counsel That No Un-
CHRETIEN ASKS FOB TIME.
'•Are you prepared now, Mr. Henley?"
Henley asked if the District Attorney
was present, and Assistant .District At
torney Hamt-y replied that he would rep
resent his chief.
"Well," said Henley, "respecting the
matter of contempt against the witness
Kogers. what I desire to say is that Mr.
Rogers was without counsel when tne
matter came up yesterday. I was occu
pied elsewhere and could not be here. If
i had been here I. should have advised
him to answer the questions. My advice
since then has been that he answer the
questions. He is here, ready to answer
the questions any time he is called upon
to do so."
••I can't call upon him to do so to-day,"
said the Judge, "for the reason his an
swers must be given in that case, and it
has been continued till Monday morning
next."
"If he agrees to answer the questions,"
said Hanley, "I think—"
The Judge, interrupting Hanley, said:
"He having consented to answer th«
questions. I think it is only right and fair
I should set aside that order. Isn't that
your view, Mr. Hanley?"
"I think so." replied Hanley.
"Well, that is as far as I can go now."
said the Judee. "But he might tell his oc
cupation and then refuse -xo answer other
questions." * -.--¦¦ -r *-' -—
"He makea the offer In good faith," re
plied Henley.
"Of course," paid the Judge, "when In
my judgment he should not answer a
question I will not compel him to open
his lips. I will now dismiss the contempt
proceedings and Mr. Rogers will be here
Monday as a witness."
"He will answer all questions." said
Henley, "exeppt those affecting his con
stitutional rights."
"I understand that." replied the Judge.
"You can now go. A formal order of dis
charge is not necessary."
Rogers left the court with his attorney
and seemed glad to be at liberty again.
July 27, 1900. .
The note was accompanied by a blank
order for Rogers' release irom tne City
Prison, but me Judge declined to' laiie
any action in the matter till morning.
Kogers was brougnt from the prison to
Judge Cabaniss' courtroom snorciy alter
10 o'clock yesterday morning. Barclay
Henley was in court, ana alter he and
Kogers hau talkea apart for a few min
utes the judge said: •
About 9 o'ciogk Friday night Judge Ca
bar.lss received the following note at his
home:
Hon. George H. C&banies, Police Judge—
My Dear Sir: By the advice of my attorney,
hon. llarciay rienley, an answer will be
given to the question* propounded to me to
day. If an opportunity can be given. I
hereby promlst that wbens\-er sucn action
shall be called 1 will five full answers to
the questions uo asked. Yours respectfully.
James Taylor Rogers has consented to
answer all questions put to him la connec
tion with the charge of forgery against
John M. Chretien. A few hours in a lonely
cell In the City Prison had the effect of
changing his attitude of defiance to one
of Bupplicatlon.
Proceedings.
A Night in a Lonely Cell Too Much
for Him— Judge Cabaniss Dis
missES the Contempt
LISTENS TO HIS ATTORNEY
His Attitude Has Changed
to One of Suppli
cation.
ROGERS IS NOW
WILLING TO
ANSWER.
BISHOP MONTGOMERY APPOINTED
COADJUTOR TO ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FKANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
Frank Birtton Had Scheme to Get Thousands From
Columbian Vaults, but the Cashier
Was Too Alert.
HE PLANNED TO ROB THE BANK
BY USE OF FRAUDULENT CHECK
?BOSTON, July 28.— The semi-finals for
the Longwood cup on the Longwood
courts were played this afternoon. Wright
had an easy time with Larned, winning in
Etraight sets. Summaries:
Championship single, eemi-flnal round—
Wright beat Larned, 6—4, 7—4, 6—1; Davis beat
"Wrenn, senior, 6—3, 10—8. 6—3.
Eastern doubles, seml-flnal round— Hackett
and Allen beat Ware brothers, 6—8, 6-2. 6—2.
- • ¦ V . .-." . ; . ..¦'¦¦• I:"-.. . .[.'.-. ¦ ,
Tennis Semi-Finals.
Stake in Straight Heats.
COLUSA. July 28.— This was Colusa day
at the track and there was a good attend
ance, both grand stands being crowded.
Eleven horses had been entered in the
first race, but only three appeared. Goshen
Jim, the favorite, won in straight heats.
Summary:
Trotting, three in five, purse JKWO— Ocshen
Jim won in straight heats. Yellow Jacket sec
ond. Dictatus third. Time. 2:18V4. 2:17^. 2:1DV,.
Pacing, three-year-olds without records, thrae
In five, purse J600— McKinney won In straight
heats Arrow second. Kanta Anita Star third.
Hable Frances and Osita also started. Time,
2:15U. 2:lS*i. 2:21.
Running-, one mile— Fille d'Or won. Sea Spray
second. Sallle Goodwin third. Time. 1:42%.
fix furlongs — \%*ln^ won. Ricardo second.
Whitcomb third. Time. 1:16%. *
• Five lurlonRS— Lomo won. Fine Shot seecna,
Zurich third. Time, 1:02.
Goshen Jim Captures the Trotting
ON THE COLTJSA TRACK.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 28.— The project
for building the American and Pacific
Railway from Banrieros Bay, Mexico, to
Plioenix has been abandoned, and Mrs. J.
Velasques Beard, who has concessions
from Mexico for part of the line and who
has been endeavoring to float bonds for
the Arizona end. has gone to Chicago in
an effort to secure backing. Part of the
line from Banderos to Culiacan has been
surveyed and will probably be built by
Mexican capital. ¦
Woman Railroad Builder's Efforts.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY, July 28.— Score: Kansas
City 5. Detroit 2.
CHICAGO, July 2S.— Score: Chicago 10, Buf
falo 3.
MILWAUKEE, July 23.— Score: Milwaukee
5, Cleveland 0.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 2S.— Score: Minneapolis
10. Indlann:x>lls 1.
Boston 2 6 3
Plttsburg 9 12 2
Batteries— Nichols and Sullivan; Leever and
Bchrlver. Umpire — O'Day.
BOSTON, July 2S.— Pltteburff won to-day by
opportune hitting. Boston could do nothing
with Le«ver. Attendance, 6500. Score:
Clubs— ;;>-V'R. H. E.
NEW YORK. July "S.— About 7000 people saw
the New Yorks win from Cincinnati in th-j
ninth inning to-day. The New Yorks played a
fast fielding game. The pitching of Carrlck
and Newton was a notable feature. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 3
New York 3 5 0
Batteries— Newton and .Kahoe; Carrlck and
Bowerman. Umpire — Emslle.
Chicago 8 9 2
Philadelphia 4 8 5
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Bernharu,
Donahue and McFarland. Umpire — Terry.
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— The home tear*
lost the last game of the series to Chicago
principally through errors. In addition to play-
Ing a ragged game in the field, the locals were
unable to hit Callahan to any extent. At
tendance, 0C00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
BROOKLYN. July 2S.— Brooklyn pounded out
six runs in the flret four innings to-day .and
looked like sure winners. In the fifth, though,
four hits, three bases on balls and two error*
by Cross, allowed St. Louis to tie the score.
Farrcll brought in the winning runs, however,
for Brooklyn with a triple to center In the
elxth. Attendance. 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 6 2
Brooklyn 8 16 2
Batteries— Powell and Crlger; McGlnnlty and
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
Clubs— W, L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....49 2S .C38 Boston 37 40 .4S0
Philadelphia 43 ?.5 .551 Cincinnati ..3<5 43 .455
Plttsburg- 42 33 .52} St. Louis 33 42 .440
Chicago 40 38 .513 New York... 23 45 .3!»2
feat at the Hands of the
Perfectos.
CORRKCT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The Champions Narrowly Escape De-
LARGE ATTENDANCE
IN THE BIG LEAGUE
The attendance at San Mateo Coursing
Park yesterday was above the Saturday
average and the opening day's programme
was carried out without a hitch.
Those who study coursing seemed to be
off in figuring chances, for, with a stake
full of dogs whose performances the tal
ent has seen often enough to be at least
fairly well posted on, their judgment was
at fault as often, almost, as it was cor
rect. In many instances dogs were made
false favorites it seemed for no other rea
son than that the grounds were new to
them and before the card was half fin
ished form was at a discount and the best
guesser cashed after the Hag was raised;
In addition to the finals of the open
stake a 16-dog champion event will be
run off to-day. Yesterday's results, with
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores, fol
low:
Open stake, first round— Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Jliss Wilson beat V. Dillon's Europa, 7-4;
W. C. Ulasson's Sleigh Bells beat T. J. Cro
nln's Wild Tralee, 6-3; G. Nethercott's Flood
gate beat I>. F. Uartels' Beer Brewer, 5-1; S.
Handy's Twin City Girl beat F. Schou's KlnR's
Borderer, S-3; 1>. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat
K M. KellogK's Sweet Emma, 14-6: T. J. Mc
lnerney's Johnny It a bye; D. Shannon's Safe
guard beat J. Byrne's Elevenspot, S-3; A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat James Sheridan's
Forest Queen, 6-4; J. II. Perigo's Bohe beat
Kucsell, Allen ft. Wilson's Master Claire, 7-4;
B. Silver's He-Annex beat I'. Itetlly's Master
Mat. 6-5; Connell Bros.' St. Helen beat O'Shea
Bros." Golden Gate. 18-7; J. J. Edmonds' Go
On beat J. Bi Smith's Jennie Wilson, 6-4; E.
Geary's America beat Lowe &• Thompson's Lit
tle Fullerton; 8-4; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Lady Emma beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll, 9-3;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle Claire beat
Curtis & Sons' Anchor, C-4; Captain Cane's
Miss Penman beat H. E. de B. Lopei's Peplta,
4-1- C. Bonar*s \Vtl<« Nora beat P. M. Clark
son's Headwater, 11-7; H. Lynch's Lottie M.
beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon, 6»5; P. .1.
Reilly's Plough Boy beat J. Sutton's Glen
Anu° 0-3; Curtis & Son's Vulcan beat W. C.
Glasson's Santonin, 3-2: Russell. Allen & Wil-
Bon's aiaglc beat II. Lynch'M Lexington. 9-6;
R P Julian's Sweet Music boat H. A. Dick
el'man's Lawrence. 10-5; T. J. Mclnerney's
Tommy Rex beat J. Martinett's Slim, 8-3; Lowe
& Thompson's Scotch Reel beat J. L. Ross'
J'L R., 7-4: Sterl & Knowles* O'Hara a bye;
II L Austin's Firm Foe beat G. W. Heintz'a
High Jinks, 10-6; R. K. de B. Lopez's Wanda
beat Captain Cane's Master Davenport, 3-5; H.
A Deckelman's Snapshot beat E. I). Fallen's
Ltly of the West. 2-0; J. Morlarity's Jimmy
Anthony beat J. Byrnes' Olympus, 14-5; C. B.
Charles worth's Crawford Braes beat' P. Bro
phy's Bcnicla Boy. 27-8: J. R. Smith's Victor
Queen baat Aeneid- Kennels' Aeneas. 8-7; D.
Winders' Random Aim beat T. J. McHiiRh's
Mosa Rose, 8-6; Sterl & Knowlea' Sleety Mist
beat James Dean's Gallant. 4-0; J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat James Sheridan's Forest
King. 7-4; Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy
beat Curtis & Sons' Candelaria, 16-5: J. Sut
ton'8 Master Lawrence beat P. M. Clarkson's
Flower Of Gold, 0-0; George Whitney's Theron
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara. 6-3; P. ' Mc-
Oabe's Craig Boy beat R. L. Taylor's Mope.
10-5; F. McComb's Little Sister beat Connell
Bros.' Sweep, 10-4; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat
James Carroll's Auckland, 4-0; J. Totter"!
Good Coursing, but Hard
Work for the Talent to
Pick Winners.
MANY FAVORITES
ARE BEATEN AT
SAN MATED PARK
Remus beat George Sharman'8 Walt a Bit,
3-0; J. Perlgo's Controller beat D. Dillon's
Dewdrop, 7-4; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat Kay
Bros." Hawker, 4-3; A. Johnson's Bald Earle
beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael, 5-3; Sullivan
& Tralnor'B Castle Island Roy beat Russell, Al
len & Wilson's Sea Breeze, 2-0; Mahcr & Reid's
Bad Boy beat T. J. McHugh's Maid of tho Mill.
16-4; E. M. KellogR-s Kid McCoy beat P. Mc-
Cabe's Fair Lily, 9-3; D. Winers' Rirky At
tempt beat L. K. EartelB' Best Bargain, 7-6.
The San Francisco Fly Casting Club had
to contend with a strong wind and foggy
weather at 'Stow Lake yesterday. While
this reduced the percentages in the deli
cacy contest, it did not seem to affect
long distance casting. . for both Golcher
and Lovett scored the good cast of 127
feet, Golcher making that distance twice
and Lovett three times during the day.
Of the eight men at the score all except
one put their flies over 100 feet— a good
record for the day. In accuracy A. B.
Carr was the leader with 96.4 per cent.
He also carried away the honors in deli
cacy and in lure casting.
The attendance was not large, owing
no doubt to the unfavorable conditions of
the weather. Battu and Young acted as
judges, with Muller as referee. The fol
lowing arc the scores: ;/£*'';
Marks in the Distance
Event.
Both Lovett and Golcher Score High
FLYCASTERS WORKFOR
RECORDS ON STOW LAKE
LIVIDIA WINS
THE JULY STAKES
AT HAWTHORNE
Was Next to the Long
est Shot in the
Race. '
Five Horses Fall in the Steeplechase
and Jockey C. Johnson Sustains
a Fracture cf the Collar
bone.
CHICAGO. July 23.— Llvidia, next to the
longest shot in the race, won the July
stakes at Hawthorne this afternoon in a
hard drive. A!c«-do. Imp. Mint Sauce and
Sharp Bird were all so close together that
a blanket wouid have covered the bunch.
Sly, who wajj the redhot favorite, linlshed
a bad nfth.
Five hordes fell in the steeplechase and
Jockey c". Johnson, who had the mount on
Once More, received serious Injuries, in
cluding a fracture of the collar bone. Re
sults:
Five nn<l a ha'.f furlon**— PrtnceM Tatyana
¦won. Bugaboo eecond, Sortie third. Time,
"fli? furlonen— Pirn W won. Vain second, Mies
Fhanley third. Tim". 3:15. _ ¦ ¦ ¦
BbOIt course, steeplechase — Globe II won,
P&sse Partout Kcond, tteno third. Time, 3:154.
July stakes, six :urlor.ES-Lividia won. Alcedo
eecorid. lini,. Mint bau.e third. Time, 1:13H--
One mil"— John A. Morris won. Xoblenian
second, Orimar third. Time. U*9%.
Onr mile and a tixterr.th-Uangle won, Pink
Coat second. John liaker third. Time, 1:46V.
ST. LOUIS, July 2S.— Results at Fair
Grounds:
One mile ana three-sixteenths— Dinom'.s won,
I^ecnajr second. Bod4 third. Time. 2:13.
One mile— Api Icjack wen, Kisme second. La
das third. Tim", 1:42'».
One tr.ile and a sixteenth— Haviland won,
r.ridgeton eeoond, Gilbert third. Time. 1:49.
One mile a:;.l a sixteenth— Laureate won,
C.otobed second. Sir Holla third. Time, 1:47V
Laurel *La.ke», six furlongs— Eugrenie Wlckes
•won, HI KUlar meant. Hottentot third. Time,
1 14^.
Handicap, six ar.d a half furlonRS— Ohnet
won. St. <"utht>ert second. Lord Neville third.
Time. l:n«i-
Five Jurionp*— Orleans wnn, Adelaide second,
Jiobert Jr. third. Time. l:ti3V».
NEW YORK. July 28.— At Erighton
Beach to-day the Neptune stakes of $5CWO
lor two-year-olds and the Peconic stakes
for three-year-old? were the features. In
the former Tommy Atkins, the favorite,
von easily. In the Peconic stakes Briga
dier, a 1 to 3 favorite, threw his rider and
ran the circuit of the track at top speed.
On this account James was made favorite
and won all the way. Results:
One mile— The Chamte-rlain won. Cyrano sec
ond. Mercer third. Time. l:<0 1-5.
Or.e n:i!e and an eighth— The Kentuckian
won. Decanter MOODd, Blew Away third. Time.
1 '52
Six furiongF, sailing — Gon'allon won. His
Royal Highness secund. Kitchener third. Time,
1:13 4-5.
The Neptune, fix furlongs— Tommy Atkins
¦won. All Green second, Alard Bcheck third.
Time, 1:14.
The Peconic. rr.Me and an eiehth— James won.
Brigadier second, Yolo County third. Time,
Five furlongs— Beau Gallant won. Tower of
handles second, Giennellie third. Time,
1:01 1-0.
DETROIT, July 2V— Results at High
land Park:
Six furlongs — Glad Ha-.d won, Xirnrod £<¦<•-
end, Saitatuck third. -Time, I:14> t .
Four and a half furlong- l'aletou won.
Tempt second. Miss Kringle third. Time. :16.
one mile— Bell Punch won, AlSred Var^rave
second. The Benedict third. Time. 1:41.
Th<- Banm-r stakt s. $li^, 2-year-olds, four and
a half furlonrs— Terminus won.Toad Raney sec
ond. Donr.a t?eay third. Time, :55.
One mile — liatified von. Georpe Krats second.
Momentum third. Tin.e. 1 :42^.
Six furlonps— italstcr. won. Sprinftwells sec
ond. Miss Alfarrow third. Time, 1:14.
DETROIT, July 23.— Results at W!nd
eor:
Fix and a half furlongs— Clara Wooley won,
Georpe H. Ketuham second, Ed Hoth third.
Time. 1:21.
F"lve furlonps — Golden Harvest won. Virginia
T peconrt. P.e^ir.a ls~e third. Time, 1:02.
One rr.ile— The Lady won. Handicaps sec
ond. May Ella, third. Time, 1:40%;
Mile and a. (ju&rter— Fannie Taylor wen, Joe
Garr.rnajre second, i'rince yCeno third. Time.
2:10.
Steeplechase, short course— Jack Carey Won,
Lord Karrondale second. High Admiral third.
Seven and a half furlonjrs — Fantasy won.
Fair Deceiver second. Pirate Iiell third. Time,
J:S5H-
Stven and a half furlongs— Erwln won, Mar
pa.ret Hageman j^cor.d, King Kikwood third.
Time. 1:36.
PACING RECORD BROKEN.
Splendid Performance of Princs Alert
on the Cleveland Track.
CLEVELAND, O.. July 2i.— The last
of the jrrand circuit meeting was marked
by another sensational performance. The
world's record for pacers in hobbles,
which was broken on Tuesday by Coney,
•when he went a mile in 2:02-4., was again
lowered by Prince Alert to-day when he
covered the mile in 2:02.
The 2:04 pace was the great race of the
meeting. The ttn entries dwindled to
three starters. Anaconda, a prohibitive
lavorite, Indiana and Prince Alert. Prince
Alert won the fim heat with case in 2:08.
In the second heat Prince Alert rushed
to the front, Roing the quarter in thirty
seconds and the half in l:01Vi. Then Mc-
Henry began to drive Anaconda. The
three-quarters was reached in l:31 & i. Both
horses came down the stretch like the
wind. Walker did not touch Prince Alert
¦with the whip until he was within four
or five lengths of the wire. On the other
hand Mclfenry was doinj? everything in
his power to push Anaconda to the front.
The two pacers went under the wire so
close together that many of the spectators
thought Anaconda had won. The Judges,
however, p:iv«» the heat to Prince Alert
and marked up the time as 2:02.
In the 2:1S trot Palmleaf was the favor
it?, but it took seven heats to decide who
was the victor.
Johnny Apan won the 2:13 pace so easily
that it deprived the event of Its interest.
Results:
2:15 class trot, purs« $15'K'-Arch W won third,
rlxth and seventh heat*. Time— 2:13^, 2:17, 2:1S.
(Senator K won firrt and second heats and wan
second. Time— 2:13%. 2:13V I'almleaf won
fourth and fifth heat? and was thinl. Time
2:14. 2:15Vt- Macsie Anderson. U*>11<» Ourry.
Patfy IJ. Clint Carty and Maud C also r.tarted.
2:04 pace, purne 11500 (two in threeV— I'rlnce
Alert won in fctraipht heats. Time — 2:CS, 2:C2.
Aneconda second. Indiana third.
2:13 class, pacing, purse liono— Johnny Atran
won in ftraipht h»aty. Time- 2:11'4. 2:10 l i.
2:W\. Major Marshall second. James It third.
Krielmont and Connie also started.
2:27 clas-s. trotting, purse flSOt (two In thf*e)—
Arr.le Burns won In «traiRht Ivatu Tim* —
2:13'~2. !:14 1 j. Laj-Ho second. Texana third. J'ar
lana and Bertha Baron also started.
"STSSTERN CIRCUIT CLOSES.
2:28 Trot.
Qraxnlese Captures the Purse in the
DEB MOINES. la.. July 2S.— The pro
gramme of the great Western circuit
races ended to-day with two races. Re
sults:
1:28 trot, purse $600— Gamlese won thlri,
fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:16. 2:16H. 2:14%.
Llta won first and second h<?at» and was »ec
ond. Tim", 2:14-4, 2:14*4- Cometantem third.
Clora. Lily Stigo. Ima Electrite. Corysand. Vnl
Florence B. Admiral Simons and Extinct also
started.
2:12 pac*. ru^e JCOO— Alpha "W won second,
fourth and fifth heats. Time. 2:1H4. 2:10'^
2:ilM. Mark Derby won third heat in 1:14 and
vai second. McWilton wen first heat In 2:lHs
and was third. Sandy and Ur. Pettlt also
started.
BED BOY WINS.
of Twenty Days.
Arrives in Pittsburg After a Flight
PITTSBrRG, July 2S.— Red Boy. the
homing bird of the Plttsburg Homing
Club, arrived In PJttsburgr to-day aft<?r
twenty days of travel, having been re
leased at Denver with eight other birds
on July 4. The others have not been
heard of and they probably perished In
the storms.
By winning the race Red Boy not only
becomes the winner of the world's chal
lenge cup. presented by J. P. MorgTin of
New York but also wins the $700 cup of
fered by lion. John Wanamaker of.Phila
delphia.
POLICE WIN THE
FIGHT AGAINST
BOOKMAKERS
Judge Shaw Dacicbs in Fa
vor of Acti-Poolselling
Crdinance.
An Appeal "Will Be Taken to the
Supreme Court, but in the In-
v t terim Gambling Must
Cease.
Bookmakers and ooolsellers have lost j
their fight for a wide-open town. The po- I
lice are victorious in their legal defense t
of the position they took in raiding gam- j
bling establishments after the prelimin- .
ary injunction was issued on behalf of j
the poolsellers by Judge Murasky. Judge
Lucien Shaw of Los Angeles, sitting in ,
Judge Murasky's department of the Su- '
perior Court, made an order yesterday af- .
ternoon purging Chief of Police Sullivan
and his subordinated of contempt of ,
court, with which they were charged for |
their alleged violation of Judge Murasky's
injunction. ;
Immediately following this order Judge j
Shaw swept aside the action by which the j
poolsellers attempted to enjoin the Police
Court from hearing charges against per- ,
sons arrested in the act of violating the '.
anti-gambling ordinance. The petition for
a permanent injunction to restrain the
police from visiting and molesting and
interfering with the conduct of business
in the various establishments was denied.
All preliminary injunctions were va
cated.
The bookmakers and poolsellers looked
; confident that at least trfey would enjoy
a few more weeks of profit when they en
tered court for the morning session. The
police were equally continent and their
confidence was not misplaced. John F.
Seymour, captain of detectives, was the
first witness called. He testified that he
had knowledge of the conduct of poolsell
ing and bookmaking in the establishments
kept by the plaintiffs in the action. He
had knowledge of the fact that Chief Sul-
I livan had ordered policemen to go from
I one poolroom to the other to see that the
i ordinance was not violated. Attorney
George D. Collins at one time complained
to him that police were "camping" at
Bookmaker Schwartz"? place. Fourth and
Market streets. Collins wanted the men
removed, but as the police were only oc
casionally visiting the places and not
"camping" there no such order was is
sued.
Chief Sullivan was the next witness.
He said that as Judge Murasky was about
to leave the city he knew of no better way
to bring the matter to an lsswe before
some other Judge than to lay himself
liable to a citation for contempt. He vis
ited Judge Murasky just before his de
parture and the court instructed him that
the issuance of the injunction in no way
prohibited him from performing his duty
and making arrests when the ordinance
in question was violated. As the pool
rooms were public places he ordered the
police to visit them at regular intervals,
but in no case to "camp" at the prem
ises.
Captain Wlttman testified as to the
signs in front of the poolrooms announc
ing the business carried on inside. He
always found the officers outside the vari
ous resorts when he went on his rounds
and was positive that Chief Sullivan'? or
ders not to "camp" in the places had
never been violated. Police Officers L. C
Clnrk. J. B. Freeh J. B. Collins and Je
rome H. Terril! corroborated the evidence
given by* their superiors.
Thomas L.. .War.d, Joseph Mohan. C. H.
Duncan, E. Bell and H. Simmons were
called by the bookmakers to prove that
the testimony of the police was not ba.setl
on fact. Their joint effort was a signal
lailure, however. The matter of the con
tempt" of the police was submitted after
brief argument and Judge Shaw, with a
few curt words, the siing of which was
felt by the ooolsellers. dismissed the order
to show cause and the police were purged
of contempt.
The hearing of the petition to make
permanent the preliminary injunction was
then taken up by the court. George D.
Collins had prepared to launch out on a
broad argument on constitutional rights
on behalf of his clients when 1 Judge Shaw
abruptly interrupted him by asking if he
had any new points other than those
which had l>een thrashed over during the
hearing. Mr. Collins urged that he had
and was about to continue his argument
when the court informed him that he was
of the opinion that such argument would
simply be a v.aste of time of the court to
listen to the Fame as well as a useless ex
penditure of counsel's energy to make the
same. Collins said that he believed the
effort to change the mind of the court
would be a difficult one, but with per
mission he would commence on the un
dertaking.
"Such would be useless." said Jmlco
Shaw. "Let an order be entered denying
plaintiff's petition and vacating all pre
liminary injunctions heretofore issued."
Attorney Collins took an exception to
the ruling of the court, but while he is
preparing his appeal to the Supreme
Court the. police will see that silence
reigns in the pbolselleis' quarters.
Peckerman Not Sentenced.
When Joseph Peekerrnnn, c!erk in Zfck
Abrams' poolrooms, who was convicted by
a jury in Jurise Conlan's court Thursday
night of violating the ordinance against
poolselling. appeared for sentence yester
day Attorney Collins asked for a post
ponement of sentence till to-morrow as
the record was not completed. Attome>
Coffey. for the prosecution, consented
and th" continuance was granted. Col
lins will to-morrow move for a new trial,
and failing that will give notice of appeal
to the Superior Court.
SIXTY'TIMES IN THE
CLUTCHES OF THE LAW
Tribulations of Gus Valencia, Who
Commandeers His Marin County
Neighbors* Hens and Geese.
Specie! D!.«»atch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 23.— Gus Valencia,
Marin County's incorrigible chicken thief,
was yesterday given a sentence of ninety
days in the County Jail by Judge Rodden.
Valencia, who is about M years of age.
has given the night watchmen of this city
considerable trouble in years past. Ho
has been arrested and sentenced about
sixty times, or. in other words, has spent
most of his time in the County Jail. He
makes a specialty of pilfering chlckena
and geese. Judge Gardener once
him a sentence for chicken stealing. Gus
served his time, and when released he
waited until rtark and broke Into the
Judge's hennery, where ho helped himselC
to a couple of geese.
PORT CRESCENT. w « h - iK J^* 'V.^i*
steamer Estella. owned by the Ab«rd«n-W£h.
ington Fish Company, tliat ran on «he ™=«?
at Slip Point. Clallam Bay. last night, floated
asain tp-nl K ht. She has a damaged keel and
broken rueMer.
ONE FAINT CLEW
CONCERNING KING,
THE MURDERER
Farmer Hoar Reports That the
Fugitive Begged a Meal
at His Home on
Wednesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PET^LUMA, July 23.-The report
reached here this afternoon that the fu
gitive murderer, J. E. King, visited the
Cotatl ranch, eipht miles north of here
and six miles east from the scene of the
shooting on Wednesday last. The report
states that a man ate his dinner at the
home of Farmer Hoar. The man was
very hungry and ate ravenously. Ho an
swered fully to the description of the
murderer. He told Hoar that he had
epent twenty-four hours in a barley field
on his ranch. He left the ranch and went
east toward the railroad.
Sheriff Grace had been at Hoar'i cot
tape a few hours before Kinp was there,
but missed his man. Hoar did not report
the visit of King to the officers until to
day. KinK may have gone to Napa Coun
ty and escaped.
SANTA ROSA, July 28.— The officers
searching for King have apparently begun
to lo?e heart. It is reported that a num
ber of men influenced by the reward of
fered yesterday by Mrs. Church have
started out on quiet searches in quest of
the fugitive, but up to a late hour to
night no .word of success had reached the
Sheriffs office here.
HUNTER KILLS A FRIEND.
Mistakes a Companion for a Deer and
Shoots Him.
WALNUT CREEK, July 2S.— Jame* Mc-
Cuen, a resident of Concord, was killed
yesterday while hunting deer on ilount
Diablo by C. P. Mitchell of Clayton. Both
men were In a party of hunters, and
Mitchell mistook McCuen for a deer. Tin
latter leaves a wife and two children.
CHICO. July 28.— At Brlscoe ranch, four miles
east of Chlco, Oeorse Abernathy this niornlr.s
shot and Instantly killed Louie Hins. a Chi
nese. Tfce men had trouble , over the manage
ment of stock. Abernathy claims he shot In
self-defense.
¦¦ • -
JUSTIN LADAGNOUS, TO WHOM THE BILLS ARE DUE.
JUSTIN LADAGNOUS, proprietor [
of the Maison Riche, has been
compelled to turn that famous old
French restaurant over to credi
tors and to retire from business,
as told exclusively in The Call, be
cause society men, politicians and gild
ed youths among his customers ran up
large hills and refused to pay them. There
has been joy in Bohemia over the news
of his retirement, the belief gaining cur
rency that old scores were sponged out.
The names of scores of society men and
society women, actors, army officers, pro
fessional and business men, many of them
whose names are familiar to every Ban
Franciscan, are on the .books. Ladagnous
still has hope of collecting their bills in
full or in part, but his stock of patience
is running low and he is liable to do some
thing to yet cause apprehension in Bo
hemia. , „
Ladagnous was a partner of John bo
mall In running the old California House,
which was established in 1SG0 and became
the most famous. of the French restau
rants of those palmy days.
In 18i>7 they louncied the Maison Riche
in its present quarters on Grant avenue.
For years it was the most popular place
of its kind in San Francisco. Millionaires
and merchant princes occupied its suites
! and ate at its tables. Degenerate sons
i of great men, scapegoats from across
seas, society men without incomes and
true Bohemians were also among the
patrons of the Maison Riche, and their
bad debts have wrecked it.
Ladagnous retires from business with
much bitterness in his heart for the men
who abused his confidence and also for
the rival restaurateurs who have. In his
opinion, debased the calliner.
For Ladagnous has scruples, though ue
was trained at the California House, and
now that he has no money his scruples
have an easy victory of it. :
"The Supervisors should not st0 P at
side-entrances," says Ladagnous, "cut
should turn their attention to the fcrenc.ii
restaurants. There are some of them
that are worse than all the side-entrances
in the city. 1 would not run the Maison
Riche as "these newer places are run and
I lost custom. I have lost what money
I had, but I'm glad I'm out of the busi
ness. I can go to work with a clear con
science, I am proud to say."
Prominent among the bad debts in
Ladagnous' accounts are a large number
incurred by politicians during the hot
campaigns. Ladagnous has only praise
for Phil Crimmins, who was a liberal
patron and good pay, but he asserts that
he alwavs had trouble to collect from
Martin fvelly. The latter is one of the
customers he lost. T. J. Meagher anil
"Billy" Blattner also left unpaid accounts
with him as souvenirs.
Morgan Smith was one of the last to vic
timize Ladagnous. He went to the Mai
son Riche last October, well recom
mended. He made plausible excuses as
the weeks passed and his bill grew, and
finally gave Ladagnous fraudulent checks
amounting to $600. During this time he
was the popular associate of the sons of
millionaires In the gambols along the
primrose path. In May. Ladagnous had
him arrested for obtaining money under
false pretenses, but did not appear to
prosecute him.
Among the. trotting races the green
class, the 2:17 class nomination stake and
the 2:26 class special trot failed to fill to
the satisfaction of the board of directors
and they were declared off. The green
class trot was ordered to be reopened for
SGOO. entries to close August IS, at which
time thf horses entered must be named
and eligible.
The 2:17 class trot was declared off and
a 2:16 class trot for $000 was substituted
In its place, entries to close August 18, at
which time horses must be named and
eligible.
Among the pacing races the green class,
the 2:10 nomination stake, the 2:21 clasa
p.nd the free-for-all special pace failed to
fill to the satisfaction r>f the board and
they were all declared off. They were all
ordered to be readvertised, each in the
sura of $000, entries to close August 18, at
which time horses must be named and
eligible.
Under the conditions the horses entered
in the races which failed to fill and were
declared off will have the privilege of re
enterlnsc In other faster classes already
declared filled bv the board to which these
horses are eligible. This privilege must
be exercised before August 18.
2:SQ class— William Morgan. Una K; S.
C. Tryon & Co.. Princess Wilkes; E. J.
Lane, Mary L; L. Zimmerman, McBriar:
C. P. Chamberlain, Greyling; Nutwood
stock farm. Bob Ingersoll; W. Maben,
Santa Anita Star; W. G. Durfee, Charlie
Me: J. R. Albertsorr, Dan W; P. Henshaw,
Monte Carlo; Valencia stock farm, Bet
Madison.
2:25 class— George A Davis Roy Direct;
E. C. Frisbee. May B; Mrs. H. C. Meyers.
Easter D; Nutwood Stock Farm, Georgia
B; S. Layng, Sir Albert S: A. P. Meredith,
Wapolo; I. S. Borden, Robert I; P. W.
Hodges. Queen R; W. S. Maben, Santa
Anita Maid: Benjamin Rush, Dormia; G.
Y. Bollinger. Our Boys Sister; S. C. Try
on, Margaretta.
Special Stakes, for Named Horses,
Trotting.
Pacing.
No. 13—2:13 class: Charles Kapp, A. M.
Walden, D. Hinds, A. L. Conklin, C.
Whitehead, J. B. lverson, H. W. Meeks,
H. H. Helman, P. Henshaw.
No. H — 2:11 class: Charles Kapp, A. M.
Waldon. S. C. 'i'ryon & Co., I>. Hinds, A.
U Conklfn. J. B. lverson. H. W. Meeks,
John Snover, li H. Helman, S. H. Hoy,
P. Henshaw.
Special Stakes, for Named Horses,
Xo. 11— 2:1S class: J. S. Hodge. A. B.
Spreckels, H. H. Dunlap, B. b\ White,
Chanslor & Canfield, M. Hart, A. \V.
Breuner, S. Layng, Mrs. C. B. Bigelow,
Lot I). Siocum, O. ST. Bollinger, J. J. Sang
ster I. L. Borden, Vendome stock farm,
Suc-1 Harris, Ed Cavanaugh, E. Nanny,
Ed Grazer.
No li:— 2:15 class: \Y. W. Whitney. B.
F White. A. W. Breuner. J. Periane, Mrs.
C B. Bigelow, G. Y. Bollinger, Ed Cav
anaugh. R. H. Hanscom, S C. Tryon &
Co.
Nominations, Pacing.
No 2 — 2 24 class: William Morgan,
James Coffin. J. D. Carr. W. H. Grissim,
S. C. Tryon & Co.. K. E. Mulcahy,
Charles Kaisch, O. P. Chamoerlain, C. \\ .
Hammerton. Kosedale stock farm, Mrs.
William Proctor. G. V. Hollinger ri. \\.
Meeks, P. VV. Hodges, H. H. Hellman.
No 3 — 2:21 class: James Coffin, J. D.
Carr, S. C. Tryon &. Co., S. A.
Hooper, L. M. Clark, A. W. Breuner, C.
W. liammennn, Rosedale stock farm,
Alex Brown, G. Y. Bollinger, H. W.
Meeks, Joseph Edge, P. W. Hodges, J. O.
Jr'arroit, W. G. Durfee.
No 4—2:19 class: Harvey Boon, Daniel
Finn, S. C. Tryon & Co.. S. A:
Hooper. L. M. Clark, J. O. Parrott. Alex
Brown, G. V. Bollinger, S. H. Hoy, W.
li. L»urfee.
No 6— -:15 class: Walter Maston, Santa
Rosa stock farm. A. B. Spreckels. D.
Hinds, A. W. Breuner, Hogoboom &
Kingsbury. Alex Brown, W. G. Durfee.
No 7—^:1^ class: Santa Rosa stock
farm, Tuttle Bros., A. W. Breuner, T.
J. Crowley, Mr«. S. V. Barstow, Vendome
.stock farm, J. B. Iverson, C. A. Durfee,
P. \V. Hodges.
No. b— :>:iU class: George T. Beckers,
Santa Rosa stock farm, Tuttle Bros., T.
J. Crowley, Mrs. S. V. Barstow, Hogoboom
& Kingsbury, L. E. Clawson, J. B. Iver
son. P. W. Hodges.
Xo. 9— Free for all: Santa Rosa stock
farm. Hogoboom & KfnKsbury, L.. E.
ClawBon, A. B. Spreckels, Tuttle Bros.
Nominations, Trotting.
SACRAMENTO. July 2S.— An Important
meeting of the State Iioard of Agriculture
was held to-day, at which further prepa
rations were made for the State Fair In
September and nominations for the racing
events announced.
Late this afternoon the board went into
executive session to discuss the question
of poolselling at the racetrack, and there
is no doubt that the action to be taken
by the board will be satisfactory to all
concerned and that the beard will place
all necessary restrictions upon the privi
lege. The directors present were: A. B.
Spreckels of Kan Francisco, in the chair;
J. \V. Wilson, Orove^L. Johnson, Freder
ick Cox, John Mackey and J. E. Terry of
fcacramento and John Cobb of Stockton.
K<?pr*-s?entatives of the State Fair Club
of fcacramento were present and addressed
the board relative to features which the
club desired to contribute. It is proposed
io ha<-e a butchers' day and to provide
a Midway, with only first-class and un
objectionable attractions. Bids were re
ceived lor music for me fair and the con
tract was awarded to C. A. Neal of Oak
land at $1&16. Bids for poolselling will be
opened August 11. , ,
Tne board will employ Morse s patrol
men of San Francisco lor the fair.
Nominations for the Agricultural Park
races were announced as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In Some Events Entries Fall Short
and the Board Orders Beadver
tisement, Entries to Close
August 18.
Announcements by the State
Board at Its Session in
Sacramento.
AGRICULTURAL
PARK RAGING
NOMINATIONS
Huns responsible for— Harper 1. Borchers 2.
Throe-bane "hits— MoUucken. Borchers. Two
b<i«e hits— McCarthy (2). Borchers. SierlHce
hits— Strelb (2). Harper (!>, Drennan. Hit by
iiitcher— Pace. Double play— Borchers to Carter
to Mnskiman. First base on errors— Stockton 1,
Oakland 2. Left on bn sen— Stockton 7, Oakland
4. Struck out— Uy P.orchers 4. by Harper 3.
Base on ball?— Harper 1, Borchers 3. Passed
ball?— Carter 2. Tlmft of came— 1:55. Umpire— »
J O'Connell. Official scorer— A. H. Harlin.
Stockton 1 ° 11 222?2~2
Base hits 2 0 1 0 2 0 0 1 0- 6
Oakland 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0-1
Ease hits 0 10010010—
SUMMARY.
Totals 30 13 2 27 6 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNING3.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lance 3b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 3 1
Francks, s.s 4 0 0 0 4 0 1*
Moikiman, lb 4 0 0 0 5 1 0
H f M rf... 3 0 1 1 4 0 C
tovraan, If 3 0 0 0 ,1 0 0
Horchers. p 2 12 10 0 1
Carter, c 3 0 0 0.10
Totals SO 3 6 5 27 19 3
OAKLAND.
AB R BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. If 5 J 0 0 0 0
McGucken, cf ¦> 0 2 0 0 0 0
ij,, rf , c 3 0 1 0 o 1 0
StreuS rfi 2 o 0 0 0 0 l
i^khead. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 7 1
Babbitt, s.s 4 0 1 - 1 3 0
Moore. 3b 3 J " \ 3 - «
Courtney, lb 2 o o l n o o
Harper, p 2 10 0 13 1
STOCKTON
Stockton Beats Oakland.
STOCKTON, July 23.— "Pa" Harper's
hired men spanked "Professor" J. Cal
Kwing's "pupils." who are being schooled
for the Montana League to the music of
3 to 1 this afternoon at Goodwater Grove.
Harper had the visitors faded at all times
and "Big Chief" Borchers was the only
one who could find his benders, though he
was lucky enough to have a fielder mis
judge a lino drive and secured three sacks
on it. McCarthy and McGucken also lam
basted the sphere. Score:
Runs responsible for->-Perrlno 3. Three-base
hit— Brnckhoff. Two-base hits— nellly, Sulli
van. Sacrino hit— Levy. First ba?e on errors-
San Franci«co 'i. Sacramento 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 7. Paeramento 1.
Left on bases— San Francisco 7. Sacramento 6.
Struck out— By Iburg 2. by Perrine I, by Fitz
ratrick 2. Hit by pitcher— Hanlon. Double
plays McLaURhlln to Stultz; Shanahan to
Stanley to Shanahan. Passed ball— Stanley.
YVI1.1 pitch— Perrine. Time of Rnms-1 hour and
25 minutes. Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer
— J. W. Starleton.
SUMMARY
Sacramento 0 00000000—0
Ba.«e hits 0 00110000—2
San Francisco 0 4 'l 0 0 0 4 0 '-9
Base hits 0 3 2 0 0 2 2 1 »-10
AB. R. BH. SB. ro. A. E.
Mclaughlin, 1. f.... 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Eaican. 3b 3 0 0 0 0 10
Hushes. C. I 4 0 10200
Hanlon, ss r.. 3 0 0 1-1 1 1
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
Doyle, r. f 3 0 10 5 0 0
Shanahan. lb 3 0 0 0 8 1-0
Stultz. 2b 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Perrine. p.- 3 0 0 ; 0 J> J. _l
Totals 30 0 2 1 *23 10 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
For seven innings at Recreation grounds
yesterday Iburg served up such hot dishes ,
of 'curving spheroids that the champions
were nonplussed. Then Fitzpatrick was
switched, on to the slab, not that Iburg
weakened any but as a safeguard for his
good arm, which will be used to-day when
he vies for honors with Hughes, the great.
"Fireman Fitz" played his hose well, and
when the nine innings were over Sacra
mento had but two hits registered in its
column.
The Senators displayed a new twirler, a
Mr. Perrine, who pitched well in sections.
But he met with two disastrous innings—
the second /and the seventh — in both of
which the local swatters made a quartet (
of runs and several hits. He wasn't the
"easiest ever," tut he could be found and
punished. The San Francisco team, w'th
but a single exception, played an errorless
game. The ginger that characterized their
play during the last series in this city was
still with them.
Hank had a gleam of happiness in the
first Inning, but it was soon transformed
into sable sorrow. Three of his own
crowded the bags without a dead man, but
no bell rang at the end of the inning. It
was in the second when Frisco did some
| thing. Krug jogged to first on four not
I over and coursed the bags when Reilly
roiled out a deep center fielder for a
doubie. " By some poor base throwing
I Keilly was permitted to score. Iburg, who j
was next up. reached the initial bag on a
missed third strike, being advanced on |
I bad throws and scoring on Brockhoff's :
| out. Hiklebrand got into the play on a
hit to left, sailed to third on poor throw
ing and scored on a double steal worked
by himself and Schwartz, who was sent
to first on balls. That was all of rtie runs
in the second.
The same game was continued in the
third. Sullivan, who walked to first, was
advanced a base by Levy's sacrifice, went
to third on a passed ball and scored on
Rellly's single.
i There was a draught of excitement In
the seventh. Pabst walked. Sullivan rolled
out a double to the center Held fence and
Levy reached first on four had ones. Then
Krug flew to Hughes, but Pabst scored on
the throw-in. A hit by Reilly, which end
ed in Senatorial juggling, gave Sullivan a
chance to get over the plate. Levy went
1 a-flying around the v bags on Brockhoff's
triple to center. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. K. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
BrocUhofT, C. f •» 0 2 0 2 0 0
HIMi-brand. r. f 5 1 2 2 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 2 0 0 12 2 0
i Pabst. lb 4 110 9 0 0
I FuUivan. c * 2 2 0 7 0 0
Levy, 1. f 3 10 0 4 0 0
Krug, bs 3 10 0 0 3 0
Reilly, 3b 4 2 2 113 1
Iburs. p 4 1110 10
Fitzpatrick, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 9 10 5 27 9 1
•Schwartz -out; hit by batted ball.
SACRAMENTO.
San Francisco 9, Sacramento O.
Hank's Team Had an Easy Time
With Perrine, Who Was on the ¦
Slab for Sacra-
Senators Could Not Find
.Iburg, and Ragged Play •
Did the Rest
LOCALS START
RETURN SERIES
WITH VICTORY
••War Is the medium of development for
the highest and noblest faculties In man.
It inspires greater courage, teaches obe
dience and inspires a firmer conviction of
duty. Life Is a. struggle and men are
made to fight. "Wars are inevitable. Men
should be ready at all times to fight. We
are living in an age when history Is being
made more rapid. y arid more momentous
events are being recorded than in the
days of Julius Caesar."
These sentiments, uttered last night by
Comrade E. S. Pillsbury at the banquet
b« ard about -which the members of George
ii Thomas .Post No. 2, G. A. K., were
gathered, seemed to meet with the hearty
approval of every one of the grizzled vet
erans present and were loudly cheered..
It was the anniversary birthday banquet
in memory of the famous ger.eral whose
nume the post bears, and nearly 2uO com
rades were on ureas parade. The tables
tv ere spread in tne brea:ttast room of the
Occidental Hotel, and Major Hooper ha.u
prepared an excellent least tor nls old
comrades. Among the distinguished
guests were Major General Shatter and
Congressman K. V, Loud. Commander A.
Mautner acted as toastmaster and made
some happy remarks in Introducing the
speakers. When he arose to address tne
comrades a bugle sounded "assembly.'
Comrade W. xi. Smedberg responded to
the toast, '•Reveille," by giving an inter
esting recital of the events that transpired
a-. Washington during the days which
pteceded the outbreak of the Civil \v ar.
Comrade fillsoury responded to "Guard
Mount." during which he uttered the sen
timent* above quoted. Hi3 speech was »n
the main nappy and in a lighter vein, but
his remarks upon war made a deep im
pression upon ail who heard them and
more than one veteran whose whitened
locks and bent rigure proclaimed tnu
, evening of life squared his shoulders and
for the moment ielt the tire of youth.
General isnafter related a number oC
very interesting personal recollections vt
General Thomas, who, he stated, was in
strumental in placing the speaker in the
I regular army at the close of the war witu
a commission of lieutenant colonel. Ac
the ctose of his speech the comrades ga\<j
three rousing cheers for the "Hero of
Santiago." ., .
Congressman Loud, In respondlns to the
toast "Dress Paraae," frankly admitttu
| that his ambition while in the army had
ueen to become an orderly sergeant ami
march with the others to "iront ana
center" on Uress parade, but h:s am
bition was never gratirted. Speaking in
a serious vein Comrade Loud sounded a
note of warning 0:1 the growing evil or
private pension ciatms of veterans of tno
Civil War, which he characterized as "tne
most pernicious legislation tnat ever pe
tered this nation. ' He pointed out the
fact that the Government was now paqrlcfi
il5o.0w.U0O annually to pensioners, wn.cn
is half of the cost of maintaining '.he tn
tire Government of the United ritates in
I lsi<i>. Nearly 5o.u0O men who participated
In the tjpaJiish-American war are new
applying lor pensions, besides the in
crease of Civil War pensioners Is year;y
growing greater.
Comrade J. H. Roberts read some cor
tributions of alleged poetry." which con
tained some excellent hits on the mem
bers of the post and created much mer
riment. . . .,* .
"The Dinner Call" was a subject which
afforded Comrade C. H. itllnn an excel
lent opportunity for a witty speech and
he proved equal to the occasion. George
Hammersmitn rtrcd "some random shots'
that were most effective in producing
merriment.
When the bugle sounded taps Com
rade Warren Olney told of those who have
gone before, old comrades in camp and
at the banquet board, who in years gone
by had proved their good fellowship.
The arrangements ror the banquet ami
entertainment were splendidly managed
by Messrs. W. J. Watson, A. J. \ ming.
Hugh M. Burke and A. I>. Cutler. compos-
Ing the committee. Leo Bruck's orchestra
was In attendance and after rendering an
excellent programme during the feast ac
companied the veterans in songs, in which,
all Joined.
A feature of the entertainment were tha
songs rendered by the Press Club quar
tet, composed of D. M. Lawrence. \V. J.
Batchclder, C. L. Parent Jr. and K. F.
Tllton.
Bugier Frank T. Engle of A Troop.
First Regular Cavalry, gave the various
bugle calls during the evening, much to
the delight of the assembled veterans.
Comrades.
"Wit and "Wisdom, Reminiscence and
Anecdote, Song and Jest, Make
a Merry Evening for the
Anniversary Birthday Din
ner cf George fl.
Thomas Post.
WAR VETERANS
EITHER AROUND
BANQUET BOARD
THE S,AN FBAKC1SCO CALL, STHSTDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
Old Unsettled Scores Not Sponged Out
by the Failure of the Famous
Old Restaurant.
SOUVENIRS OF THE FALL
OF THE MAISON RICHE
32
<S < > < Ev»nt No. 1, O<
- 3 . 3 3 Delicacy. £ 3
£ - c "¦ a~
name. . "?j;iS2:Sl:?5 u2{
|£s3 JS v-| p« ;"u ¦
: % r- S : r»
{ s i • : •
Hrooks 1U 83.4 83 C6.8 77.10
Battu 95 91 E8 71.8 73.10 59
Lovett 123 95 RS.4 M.2 86.3 95 1-5
Mullff 104 91.4 S7 73.2 83.1
Young l'>3 94 68.S 7S.8 82.8
Golcher 127 84.5 80.8 77.6 S4.12
A. B. Carr S6.4 89 85 87 97 2-3
Brothnton US' S5 1-5
Ixsvett 127 92.8 81.4 81.8 R6.6
Lovett 127 S6.4 91 80.10 S5.ll
Goleher 127 »
Golcher 127
t ' - ¦ ¦•¦---.
<S < > < Ev»nt No. 1, O<
- 3 . 3 3 Delicacy. £ 3
£ - c "¦ a~
name. . "?j;iS2:Sl:?5 u2{
|£s3 JS v-| p« ;"u ¦
: % r- S : r»
{ s i • : •
Hrooks 1U 83.4 83 C6.8 77.10
Battu 95 91 E8 71.8 73.10 59
Lovett 123 95 RS.4 M.2 86.3 95 1-5
Mullff 104 91.4 S7 73.2 83.1
Young l'>3 94 68.S 7S.8 82.8
Golcher 127 84.5 80.8 77.6 S4.12
A. B. Carr S6.4 89 85 87 97 2-3
Brothnton US' S5 1-5
Ixsvett 127 92.8 81.4 81.8 R6.6
Lovett 127 S6.4 91 80.10 S5.ll
Goleher 127 »
Golcher 127
t ' - ¦ ¦•¦---.
AUBURN 1 , July 28. — Burglars blew open the
t>a.fe belonging: to 8. M. Sprague, at Iowa Hill,
last night, securing $S0O.
SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
.to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mo3t remarlc-
•,*tercmedy are being mailed to all who
wll write the State Medical Institute.
'piev cured so many men who had bat-
tled for y«-ar3 against the mental and
nhvMcal puttering of lost manhood that
The Institute has decided to distribute
tree trial packages to all who write. It
i« a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
ios"of strength and memory, weak back.
vaVicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location. Riving strength
nnd development Just where It is needed-
It curea all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
•success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 32S Electron
building. Kcrt Wayne. Ind., 9tating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes wll! be sent a free sample,
carefully scaled In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear ot
embarrassment or publicity. Readers axe
requested to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW YORK, July 23.— Cable messages
were received to-day by both the Presby
terian Board of Foreign Missions and the
American Bible Society corroborative of
the report that the missionaries at Pao
tlng-Fu had been massacred.
The message received by the Presby
terian board came from Shanghai and was
supposed to have been sent by the Rev.
George F. Fitch. It was as follows:
"Simcoxes, Hodges, Taylor, Mackay and
seven other missionaries were massacred
at Paoting-Fu. Nanking and Hunan mis
sionaries have all gone to Shanghai and
Japan."
The American Bible Society to-day.-re
ceived a cablegram from Shanghai as fol
lows:
"All massacred at Paoting-Fu. For
eigners in the interior ordered to Shang
hai. Wire $3000."
This was * sent by the Rev. John NV
NokeB, to whom the §3000 wm «t onct
cabled. ; . •> -—'••¦ sill ¦-"•:'¦¦-
CONFIRMS REPORT OF
MISSIONARIES' FATE
Within the last three months German firms
have sold to the Chinese Government some 200,-
Ot'O stands of firearm?, with accompanying mu
nitions of war. The prices paid and patterns
furnished have not been made public, but it
ls reported that the guns are v<yy inferior In
qu&llty. Evidently our gun manufacturers have
not felt it worth while to keep an eye open
to China. . •
It Is strongly suspected that a good
many of the firearms exported to Hong
kong found their way Into the hands of
the Filipino insurgents. The total . ex
ports of firearms and munitions of war
to Asiatic countries from the United
States cut a small Ilgure compared with
similar exports from Europe to the same
countries. For example, in the last an
nual report of Consul Ragsdale of Tien
tsin, dated October 11, 1S99, the following
statement is made:
Domestic exports of firearms, gunpowder
and cartridges and other explosives from the
United States to China, Hongkong and Japan
the six months ended December 31, 1S99:
Firearms— China. $lk>X); Hongkong, $27,978; Ja
pan, $21,376.
Cartridges and explosives— China, — ; Hong
kong, $4637; Japan. *:3,53S.
Xo gunpowder has been exported from the
United Plates to C"hina. Hongkong or Japan
since 1S97. China took nearly twice as many
firearms from the United States In the last
six months of 1599 as she did in the preceding
fiscal year, and about fcur times as many as
she did in 1SS6 or 1S98. Hongkong took nearly
as many in the last six months of 1899 as it
did In the twelve months ended June 30. 1S39.
and nearly thr*>e times as many as it did in
JS9T.
WASHINGTON. July 23.— In view of the
circular of the Secretary of the Treasury
to customs officers on the Pacific Coast
in regard to the exportation of firearms
and munitions of war to Asiatic countries
the following official statement obtained
from the Treasury Bureau of Statistics
to-day will be of general interest:
GERMAN FIREARMS IN
USE BY THE BOXERS
No Arms for China.
, ROMS, July 28.— The Official Journal haa
published a decree prohibiting tljo ex
portation, of arms to China, _ .•¦;--""
DENVER, July 28.— Four troops of the
Ninth Cavalry from Forts Huachuca and
Grant left here to-night for San Fran
clsco, en route to China.
En Route to China.
MOSCOW, July 28.— News reaching
Vladivostok chows that General Coynt
gross" Manchurian railway guards are In
dally increasing danger. At bay In their
position between Kelin and Harbin, the
little band is still awaiting General
Tschitschagoff';? relief force. Chinese are
overflowing from Mongolia Into Northern
Manchuria in the neicborhooa of Margin
and Burdo Tsum In Mongolia a force of
15,000 natives surrounded the Russian rail
way corps, but a Cossack column at
tacked the tribesmen and after a fierce
battle- routed them, killing 167. Daily
skirmishes are reported between the rest
less tribesmen in Manchuria and the Rus
sian railway guards. v --;
MANCHURIAN RAILWAY
GUARDS HARD PRESSED
The latest news received at St. Peters
burg from Blagovestchensk was dated
July 23. The Russian garrison had been
resupplied with ammunition and would
be able to hold out until reinforced.
Through a Yokohama dispatch the Gov
ernment has received Iitformatlon that
Chinese attacked a body of Japanese and
Koreans in the vicinity of Antong. on the
north side of the Yalu River. Refugees
had arrived at Wiju. Japanese reinforce
ments were proceeding to the scene of the
conflict.
LONDOX, July 23.— The report comes
from Shanghai that business has been re
sumed at the port of Niuchwang and
that a second Japanese division is mobiliz
ing at Tokio, preparatory to embarkation
for China.«
"The anti-Christian societies are com
mitting arson, robbery and murder and all
manner of atrocities. Incendiaries among
them have destroyed 3000 European
houses in the Chinese quarter, besides
twenty financial houses and numerous
shops and warehouses. The houses of
friendly Chinese were pillaged and burned
and many Chinese servants of Europeans
and native Christians were killed."
ATTACK ON PARTY OF
JAPANESE AND KOREANS
"M. de Giers has been requested by the
Chinese authorities to countermand hla
appeal for Russian guards in Peking.
United States Minister Conger has also ca
bled for additional guards. Mr. Conger is
active and brave, doing his utmost in the
protection of foreigners. Li Hung Chang
and Su Yuan of the Tsung 11 Yamen have
called at the American legation and
begged Mr. Conger to prevent interna
tional detachments from entering Peking,
but the Minister refused to lend his Influ
ence to such a move, and the other Min
isters joined him in this refusal.
"The riots," says SI. Pokatilloff. "began
on June 13, when the mob first burned the
American church and then the Russian
missionary station. Our situation is per
ilous and a disastrous crisis is near at
hand. We are besieged and cut off from
news from home.
MOSCOW. July 2S.-M. De Witt. Rus
sian Minister of Finance, has received
from Pokatilloff, director of the Russo-
Chinese bank, who Is supposed to have
lost his life In the Peking massacre, a
message dated Peking, June 15.
CONGER REFUSED TO •
STAY THE ADVANCE
Registrar Walsh states that there are
45,000 citizens who have yet to register in
order to vote at the next election. Regis
tration Is proceeding at the rate of 1000
a day and unless the number Increases
many will be unable to vote for President.
The "heaviest registration is in the Thirty
seventh Assembly district and the light
est in the Thirty-second. .Owing to the
decision against the Stratton primary law
the contract for printing 73.000 ballots for
the primary election has been canceled.
A number of booths that were about to
bo^erected were hauled back to the ware
house. About $5000 had already been spent
preparing for the primaries which. could
have been avoided had the decision come
sooner.
Many Citizens Yet to Register.
SHIP BUILDERS
WANT METCALF
FOR CONGRESS
An Unusual Workingmen's
Gathering Is Held on
Alameda Point.
Fruitvale Bepublicans Organize a
Strong Club With a List of
Good Hen and Indorse
Metcalf..
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 2S,
A remarkable workingmen'a gathering
was held at 1 o'clock this afternoon on
Alameda Point. There are several hun
dred men employed at Hay & Wright'3
shipyards, and this afternoon a vessel
was launched and the event was cele
brated by a meeting held under Its bow.
The gathering was attended by every
man working on the point. Joseph H.
Patton called it to order, and George J.
Kelleher introduced the following reso
lutions: *
Whereas, The Hon." Victor H. Metcalf lias
shown by his successful effort in promoting
the work of improvement on the Oakland har
bor; and
Whereas, The recent session of Congress pro
vided for the appointment of a commission to
survey the channel of the Oakland harbor, with
the view of deepening and widening the same;
and «T
Whereas, Said proposed Improvement. If car
ried out. will establish on Oakland water front
one cf the finest harbors on 'the Pacific Coast;
and
Whereas, The opening of said waterway In
vites the establishment on our shores, on an
increased scale, of the shipbuilding Industry
and will place Oakland in line to become one ro
the strongest commercial cities on the Pacific
Coast; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we, the employes of Hay &
Wright's shipyard, do hereby approve of the
said proposed harbor improvement and we do
mest earnestly and heartily appeal to the peo
ple of the city of Oakland and the property
owners on the line of the Oakland harbor, to
work and vote for the Hon. Victor H. Metcalf
in order that we may be represented in Con
gress by a man who is best able to bring about
this much needed improvement, and we do as
workinsrmn realize the great benefit that will
result;* be It further
Resolved. That we. as workingmen. realizing
that the opening of this waterway means an
increased demand for mechanics and labcrlnic
men, the betterment of our condition and the
increasing of property values, therefore, we
pledge to the Hon. Victor H. Metcalf cur un-
OAKLAND, July 2S.— The will of Wil
liam' Elmore Hale, ex- Warden of the
State penitentiary, at San Quentin, who
died on July 11, was filed for probate to
day by his widow, Mrs: Maria Stevenson
Hale, who Is named as executrix with
out bonds. The instrument is ologTaphic
and was drawn April 12, 1S9S. The estate
consists of real and personal property in
Alameda and- San Bernardino counties.
All of it is left to the widow. The daugh
ter. Miss Sarah Forsalth Hale, aged 17
years, is left to the care of her mother.
EX-WARDEN HALES
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
The Board of Public Works has re
ported adversely on the petition of Mrs.
Martha Penman to conduct a cigar stand
in the Larkin-street wing of the City Hall.
Mrs. Penman is now located where the
new electric elevator Is to be constructed
and will be obliged to move. She states
that she has herself and child to support
with no income other than that derived
from her stand. Superintendent of Build
ings ,Barnett thinks the stand a nuisance
at times and if a place must be provided
suggests that one of the vacant rooms be
given, which Mrs. Penman could fit up
to suit herself and at her own expense.
Barnett says when the City Hall is placed
in thorough repair and the corridors are
newly tinted the cigar stand will look
very "objectionable, and the present is a
good time to get rid of It.
No Cigar Stand in City Hall.
present ¦were Grand Master Charles L.
Patten, Grand Lecturer William H. Ed
wards. Grand Marshal John Tonnlngsen.
Past Grand Master George C. Perkins and
Pa.«t Grand Master Alfred Lackie of Ne
vada.
The officers of Live Oak Lodge in at
tendance were: Worthy Master F. G-
Wright Senior Warden George W. Dor
inn. Junior WanJon K. W. Meek. Treas
urer A. E. H. Cramer, Pecretarv J. J.
Warnc. Senior Deacrn Bradford Web
ster. Junior Deacon' Frank K. Mott. Mar
shal C. F. Gult. k. Stewards A. P. Leach
and H. R. Robbins and Tyler O. K.
Stampley.
At the banquet Worthy Master Wright
bid •welcome to the Grand Lodtre and the
visitins Masons. Past Grand Master Per
kins was Introduced and paid tribute to
the fraternity. Many others prominent in
the cr?ft gave short speeches. The gath
ering: was one of the largest ever held
under similar auspices in Oakland.
MASONIC HONORS
TO THE MEMBERS
OF GRAND LODGE
Elaborate Banquet and Re
ception by Live Oak
Craftsmen.
fix Hundred Guests Attend Affair,
Which. Was a Note-worthy Event
of Fraternity's life in
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 2S.
Blx hundred Masons attended a banquet
ead reception River, at Masonic Temple
IzjsX. night by Live Oak Lodge. F. and A.
M-. in honor of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia.
The aff.-Jr was orie of th«« red-letter
<rvents in the records of Oakland Masonic
occurrences, tnddezrtal to the reception
was the conferring of the full rites of blue
lofi^e Masonry upon several candidates.
two of whom were the son and a nephew
cf United States ST.si/ir George C. Ptr
klna. The lodge rooms -were entirely in
«Lfie<juate to accommodate the great num
ber of members of the Grand I^odge. of
Live Oak Lodg.? and of visiting Masons.
Amone the Grand \s><\z*' rf7>r»sentat!ves
CUT WRIST WITH
KEEN RAZOR AND
BLED TO DEATH
A Despondent Consumptive
Ends Many Months of
Severe Suffering.
William J. Skinner, a Young Clerk,
Commits Suicide While Distracted
From Effects of His Pro
longed Illness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 2S.
Despondent by reason of long suffering
from consumption, William J. Skinner, a
dry goods clerk 22 years old. residing at
214 Sixth street, cut his left wrist this
morning with a razor and bled to death
in his room.
The young man had been ill for two
years. During the past two weeks Skin
ner had been in much pain. Loss of sleep
had nearly wrecked his mind, and his at
tending physician, Dr. Akerly, had given
up all hope for his patient's. recovery. In
that condition, young Skinner ended his
life.
He was in his room about 5 o'clock this
morning, when he called his mother, re
questing her to bring him some break
fast. While she was preparing the meal
the sick man secured a razor and slashed
his wrist. Before Mrs. Skinner returned
the arterial hemorrhage had caused her
son's death. She found his corpse when
she went to supply him with his break
fast.
The Coroner took charge of the case
and an inquest will be held Monday.
OAKLAND. July 2*.— Joint memorial
services wiJl be held to-morrow afternoon
at the First Methodist Church by the dif
ferent lodges of Odd Fellows on this side
of the bay. An elaborate programme has
been prepared and in full is as follows:
Organ prelude — march. "Funche" (Ba
tiste). Mrs. George F. Wast ell: bass solo
and quartet. "Peace to the Memory of
the Dead" (Wallace), George H. Carleton
and Temple Quartet (Ben Clark, f.rst ten
or; Alfred Wilkie. second tenor; A. C.
Read, first bass; George Carlton. second
bass): invocation, Elbert R. Dille; sopra
no solo "Xo Cross. Xo Crown" (Thomas),
Miss Edythe C. Parlser: opening exer
< iscs. James Fowler, noble grand of En
cinal Lodge Xo. 154/ 1. O. O. F. : roll call
of our brothers who have gone before. L.
Lorenzen; eulogy. "In Memorium." Fred
V. Wood; ten<'r solo. "Come Unto Me"
(Coenen), Alfred Wilkie; roll call of our
brothers and risters who have gone be
fore. F. Alberta Littlerceld; eulogy, "In
Memonarri," Mary E. Donoho; barvtone
r-olo. "Oh. Jesus. Thou Art Standing"
<Ge:bel), A. C. Read; roll call of our
brothers who have gone before, Frank L.
Gove; eulogy, "In Memoriam." Charles A.
Sumner; soprano solo, "Ave Maria" (Mar
caquij. Mrs. Charles T. Pouiter; closing
exercises. A- A. Reiser, noble grand of
Porter Lodge Xo. 272. J. O. O. F.; "Good
niKbt. I'm Going- Home" (Lowry). Temple
Male Quartet: benediction, Elbert R.
Dill?; postluriium, "Elevation," Mrs.
George F. Was'.eil.
The following lodges will participate:
Fountain iy$, Columbia 164. Alameda Re
bckah 107. Fruitvale ©. Sunset Rebekah
108. Kncinal 104. Fair Oaks Rfebekah 4, Uni
versity 144. Absit Invidla Rebekah 11, Har
bcr i%3. Brooklyn Rebekah 12. Knterprise
2T*. Oakland Rebekah 16. Vorwarts 313
Conecrdia Rebekah 152, Fcrter 272 and
Rose Rebekah 22.
v Following are the names of those In
whose memory the services are to be held:
Charles' H. Kramm. F. L^onhardt. Gus
I>inckivitz, Dora Wemmer. Elizabeth A.
Simpson. J. W. Martin. M. E. Ryan
George Patterson. Elizabeth Wiggins,
Nettie ThurFtcn, Robert S. Graham. Wil
liam D. Ludlow. Fred W. Davis. Joseph
Hi I-anyon. Mary Coffin Hansen, D. W
Jacquay, Thomas Cn.ates.
MEMORIAL SERVICES
BY ODD FELLOWS
MUSICIAN SUCCUMBS TO
ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA
OAKLAND. July 2S.— Robert Valeria,
the well-known musician, died this morn
ing at the homo of his father. Earthole
mew Valerga. at Thirty-eighth and Grove
streets. Death was due to pneumonia.
The funeral will be held Tuesday morn
ing at 8:30 o'clock from the Valorga home.
Requiem mass will be celebrated at the
Sacred Heart Church for the repose of
the soul.
Mr. Valerga came of a family of musi
cians. Frank Valerga is one of the finest
tenors on the coast. Miss Ida Valerga
has gained distinction 011 the stage.
Thomas Valersra is a successful cornet
player and Richard Valerga shewed much
ability with the trombone. The deceased
was married some years ago, but the un
ion was unhappy and he separated from
his wife. There was one child.
COUNTY EXPERT HOLDS
UP CORONER'S CLAIMS
OAKLAND, July 2S.— County Expert
Bullock has again crossed swords with
Coroner Mehrmann. The expert declares
that the Coroner has exceeded his au
thority and held inquests where none
were necessary. The Coroner replies that
in his Judicial capacity it .is for him to
determine when he should' hold official in
quiries. Bullock has held up claims of
Mehrmann amounting to %ZK 05.
The case immediately in point and the
one on which the decision as to the Cor
oner's authority will be made ls that of
the inquest into the cause of death of
Agnes Jollymour.
On February 26 Agnes Jollymour ran
out of a store In Alameda, her clothes
blazing from an explosion of gasoline.
After the lire was extinguished she was
attended by Dr. \V. L.. Friedman. On
Tuesday she, made a statement to the
physician ami others that no one but her
self was to blame for the accident. On
Wednesday she died, and Coroner -Mehr
mann thereupon held an Inquest, the jury
giving a verdict of accidental death
Bullock claims the Coroner had no other
reason for holding: an inquest than the
collection of fees.
At the meeting of the Supervisors to-day
the claim was presented by Supervisor
Itoeth. It was then discovered that there
was lack of harmony between, the offices
of the expert and District Attorney. Bul
lock said he had applied to the District
Attorney for an opinion as to the legality
on the Coroner's action in the Jollymour
case, but that none was yet forthcoming.
Deputy Melvin replied that under the iaw
the District Attorney's office was under
no obligations to give Expert Bullock
opinions.- He stated to ' the board, -how
ever, that the Coroner was a judicial of
ficer and entitled to determine himself
¦when inquests should be held. Action on
the claim was postponed till Monday. I
Boudoir Generalship.
Jane— That Mr. Shollopate ls at the
door. Shall I tell him you are engaged?
Miss Pinkie — Show him Into the parlor,
Jane. ¦
"Yes'm."
"And, Jane, after he lays his box of
candy- on the mantelpiece tell him I am
out.''— New Tork Weekly.
Simon Sticf vater's Will.
OAKLAND. July 2S.— The will of the
late Simon Stlef vater, who died In Ala
meda on July 22, has been presented for
probate by his widow, who is named as
the sole devisee. It is stated In the will
that the three children are not left any
bequests because the testator wished to
amply provide for his wife. 1 Before he
died he deeded property valued at $9000 to
his wife. Thasrest of the estate Is val
ued at JS127 82. The principal item Jb a
commission and flour business la San
The funeral of the late Tobias J. Kelly,
who lost his life while sailing through
Raccoon Straits with Miss Bessie T. War
ren, took place yesterday morning at 9:30
at St. Mary's Cathedral. A solemn high
mass was celebrated by Rev. Father Han
nig;*.n. Rev. Fathers Ramm and Dempsey
acted as deacon and sub-deacon respect
ively. Father O'Ryan was master of cere
monies. The cathedral was crowded to
the doors by friends of the deceased, who
wished to pay a last tribute to the dead.
A special train conveyed the body down
to Holy Cross, whore the prayers at the
grave were read by Fathers Cummings
and Scanlon. The pallbearers were
Charles R. Havens, representing Murphy.
Grant & Co.; Dan McLeod. Dr. James I.
Smith. Thomas R. Bannerman, Henry J.
Diamond. Thomas O'Connor, T. EX Moran
and H. Pendelton. _
Funeral of T. J. Kelly.
OAKLAND, July 2S.— The funeral of ex-
Governor Henry G. Blaisdel of Nevada
was held this afternoon from his late resi
dence at Twenty-fourth avenue and East
Twenty-fourth street. The services were
conducted by Rev. A. T. Needham, pastor
of the Eighth-avenue Methodist Church.
The music was by a quartet composed of
George H. Carleton. Ben Clark, Alfred
Wilkie and A. C. Read. The pallbearers
were J. W. Cox. Joseph Plaw, J. Palmer.
H. Ayers, A. Ralston, A. A. Lackey,
Kirkham Wright and Judge Noble Ham
ilton. Amor.p those present were: A.
Lackie of Gold Hill. New. "William Ham
ilton, Captain W. F. Fletcher. James A.
Johnston. Isaac Requa. Rev. Charles G.
Milnes, A. May. Stephen T. Gag;e. A.
Wilson. George Miller. Dr. and Mrs. Hill.
S. Huff. R. J. McMullen, Mrs. Thomas
Mein. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Rouse, O. Shu
man and others. The interment was at
Mountain View Cemetery.
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
HENRY G. BLAISDEL
Resnlved. That we. the members of th»
Swedish-American Republican Club. most
heartily indorse and pledsre cur support to tha
Hon. Henry P. Dalton. who has amply proved
as a public official that he is certainly entitled
to, and undoubtedly will get. the support of. all
eood citizens
The Swedish-American Republican Club
has indorsed the candidacy of Henry P.
Dalton for Congress as follows:/
Whereas. The Hon." Henry P. Dat{on haa an
nounced himself a candidate to represent th»
Third Cor.sressijyial District, and a more hon
est, capable anrtfconscientloua worker in behalf
of the people never aspired to office; therefor*
be it
The following named gentlemen signed
the roll: J. H. W. Kiley. E. H. ilarwedel,
A. Lonsback, C. D. Bennett. J. A. Quin
lan. W. S. Bain. E. P. Vandercook. D. F.
Oliver. P. H. Blake. Hugh D'mond. J. R.
Talcott, A. C. Foy, R. Turnbuli, A. D.
Wilson. William M. AxteH. Walter
Gowne, Seth R. Talcott. J. P. IMeves,
Charles Harrison. A. II. Geffney. P. Wie
ben. F. Zejih. J. M. McArthur, F. P. Dun
nell. C. J. Jackson. Georpre R. Warren. M.
Donovan. J. C. Courtinorsh, Robert Stev
enson. William Stevenson. C. H. Elnet,
Albert Porter Jr., C. Thompson. F. H.
Chamberlain. R. J. Rosebro, H. Munert,
E. H. Tygren. S. Winterson. C. C. Fitch.
H. Deppe, W. Pierre Marino. S. F.
Thompson. Oie Hendrlckson, John J.
Fritz, M. B. Richardson. Ferdinand,
Youngston. A. W. Fitzmorris. A. J. Well,
E_ P. I^wis. H. Harmon. E. Clark. J.
Clark, R. R. Clark, George A. Severance.
John J. Byrne. C. F. Stephenson. Carey
Dickerson. H. D. Detela Jr.. J. C. Ford,
William Parks. Henry Barkmeyer, H. S.
Swazev. Chris Stockholm. Martin Feul
ing. Max Neckhau3. A. Coster, A. Schroy
er. J. F. Rclfenberjr. T. Relfenberg'. T. H.
Dunn. Thomas Anderson. Frank X. Ar
nold, S. Loretz, P. Laing, M. S. Hauser,
J. S. Riley.
Resolved. That we heartily pledge ourselves
to do all in our power to secure his rer.omlna
tlon and re-election, and promlsa to work to
secure the election of delegates to the Congres
sional convention who shall be favorable to hia
candidacy.
Resolved. That we cheerfully indorse the rec
ord made by the Hon. Victor H. Metcalf dur
ing his first term as Congressman, and hereby
etate that we believe he has proven himself, to
be the equal of any man who has ever been
sent from this district to the national assembly.
Whereas. Hi.» advex-aey of the completion ot
the tidal canal has endeared him to the citizens
of this rectinn of h:3 district; therefore, be It
Whereas. The Hon. Victor H. Metealf has.
during his term asi Congressman, shown him
self to be ever ready to champion any measure
locking to the advancement of the district h»
represents; and
"Whereas. We believe the interests of the peo
ple are best subserved by the retention of able 1 ,
active and conscientious representatives ia
Washington: and
The Fruitvale Republicans held a meet
ing last evening, presided over by E. H.
Marwedel. with William M. Axt^l" as sec
retary. Asa V. Mendenhall addressed tha
meetins. Resolutions indorsing Consrresa
man Metcalf were adopted, as follows:
divided support and wish for him the success
he richly deserves.
J. H. PATTOX. President.
G. J. KELLEHEIt. Secretary.
The resolutions were adopted on motion
of J. A. C. Dirks.
OXi: cf the features of the parade
during the celebration of Admission
(lay will fce a floai with Alcalde
Parlor of the Native Sons, which
¦will represent £n AJcalde's court. This
recaila to niicd. ttw fact that John W.
Geary T,as tho last Alcalde In Yerba
Buena. which afterxrard became San
Francisco, and the Srst Mayor under the
cliy govenrnjent which was organized
ILay 1, ISO. Geary was a native of West
moreland County in Pennsylvania, where
be became a civil engineer and in later
years rraoved to Kentucky, "where he be
came connected -vrtih the Aileghany Rail
road in various capacities. He had great
taste for the miiilia. arid enlisting as a
privato in that State he was sradually
promoted until he became a brigadier
peneraL During the rras between the
TLTnited States and Mexico he was one of
the first to offer his services to his coun
try, was commissioned lieutenant colonel
of a Pennsylvania roriner.t, served with
distinction during the wnr and for his
bravery was commissioned colon?l of the
rejrlmer<t, ar.d by Pre^ider.t Polk appoint
ed the first postmaster fGr San Francisco.
He came here in the early .lays across the
isthmus of Darien, discharged the duties
of his office fcr rome time, and subse
quently was elected AJcaMe. This office
fce filled until he was promoted Judge of
the f.rst Instance and then elected the
flzrt Mayor. He was an important factor
in the admission of the State into the
Vnion ar.d na one of the wise heads who
framfd the Qret constitution. He left
San Francisco in I'i2. Intending 1 to return,
but the death of his wife altered his plans
iuid he t^<>k up his residence in his old
home in Westmoreland County. Three
years later he was appointed by President
Polk Governor of Kansas, which office he
held until the t-lection of President Bj
rhanan. when he resigned. When Fort
Sumpter was fired upon he raised a regi
ment, reported to General Banks at
Harpers Fc-rry. was wounded at Bolivar
Knights, captured Leeburg. was promoted
J ripadier general, was twice wounded at
Cedar Mountain and took pirt in other
hattle?. being in command of the Second
r'Svlfinn of the Twelfth Army Corps
¦when Sherman marched to the sea. I'pon
the capture of Savanah he was appointed
The Commissioners decided to make
several improvements at the entrance of
the Museum for the convenience of the
public. The superintendent's report show
ed the completion of the tunnel from
Ninth avenue to the new music stand.
The men who finished this work will now
commence labor on the second series of
the chain of lakes. The horse shed on
the speed track will be removed and
placed where It will be less conspicuous.
The now Sprcckels music stand will be
dedicated on the afternoon of September
9, the Xative Sons officiating at the cere
monies. A competitive drill by school
children will be held immediately in front
of the old music stand on September 11.
The Park Commissioners yesterday de
cided to permit a display of fireworks and
a concert in City Hall Square on the night
of September S. A request that the park
might be utilized for a decorated bicycle
and automobile parade on September 9
will be considered In one week. On the
evening of September 9 sacred concerts
will be permitted in Washington and
Columbus squares.
for Admission I>ay Celebration.
Concessions Granted the Native Sons
CONCERTS IN PUBLIC PARKS.
W. G. Murphy, a prominent attorney of
Marysville. a pioneer of 1S46. one of the
Dormer party, who crossed the plains sqv
eral times and who has "been there"
when they had to park their wagons
against the red men, will volunteer to
captain the immigrant train and will
know what to do when attacked. This
idea of attacking an immigrant train has
been one of the best features in several
parades and has created the greatest ex
citement. It is the intention to make the
wagons and outfits look like '49 wagons
on the plains. Many novel features in tho
way of dances and exhibitions from the
various tribes will be .given during their
stay here.
County will reorganize , the rough riders
of that county and have them in line.
During the parade the rough riders will
grive exhibitions of horsemanship.
Colonel Forbes of Marvsville will come
to this city with 100 Indians from the
Yuba and Nevada hills and from the Sac
ramento River. There is to be an immi
gration train In line which will from time
to time be attacked by these Indians,
"just as they used to do."
military governor. After the war he was
twice elected Governor of Pennsylvania
and eighteen days after the expiration of
his second terms he died in Harrisburg,
.Pa.. February 8, 1S73.
The float that Alcalde Parlor will have
in line will have upon It thirty-five char
acters. There will be an Alcalde, two sec
retaries, lawyers, vaqueros, priests and
bull-fighters. An orchestra of mandolins
and guitars will also be on the float. The
parlor has written to James A. Devoto,
r.ow In Mendocino, to secure if possible
twelve oxen to draw the float, so as to
make the spectacle as true to the Mexican
time as possible.
As the time is drawing near for the cele
bration there is a great deal of activity
at headquarters In the Palace Hotel. The
executive officers are spurring the chair
men of committees and they in turn are
spurring the comrr.itteemen.
The celebration committee has already
received splendid encouragement in a
financial way. From the Brewers* Pro
tective Association has come the first big
contribution in the form of a check for
SliVJO. This is just six times the contribu
tion made by the same organization in
ISft?. The announcement of this fact, the
committee believes, will induce other con
tributors to make a better record than
they did ten years ago. James D. Phelan
had subscribed $1000 and Mrs. Phebe
Hearst has sent in a check for J.7X).
• The local parlors have set aside for the
festival an amount that will aggregate
$100,000. It is expected that the amount
that the parlors of the interior will spend
to help the celebration along will in the
aggregate equal that sum. It is expected
that $250,000 will be expended for celebra
tion purposes proper, of which amount
1200,000 will be contributed by the Native
Sor.=.
President George A. Newhall. Frank W.
Mareton and Genrge D. Clark of the
finance committee called at the Produce
Kxcfcajige yesterday to solicit a subscrip
tion. Ail lines of business are represented
by committees and promise prompt and
hearty c-6-operation. The retail liquor
dealers have organized a special commit
tee, which will commence active work
during the coming week.
Minerva Parlor of the Native Daughter*
will parade in carriages. The members
will bf attired in uniform dresses of
golden hue.
Washington Parlor has? appointed J. D.
Xorris aid to the grand marshal. It will
parade sixty men in uniform.
District Attorney Mclsaacs of Marin
THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE BREWERS TO THE GOLDEN JUBILEE.
"For a young man to marry before ha
is able to support a wife i3 a serious
thing. If he is saving. I will try to heir*
him get started in business for himself,
and then tho young people must fight
their own battle."
"I did all I could to prevent my daugh
ter's marriage." sakl h«* in speakins: oC
the matter, "but when I found that she
was determined and h?ard that the coupla
wore planning to elope. I gave my con
pent in order to prevent the estrangement
which would have followed any such ac
tion on my daughter's part.
Mr. Vager is almost heartbroken over
hi? daughter's marriage, anil ha3 an
nounced his intention of retiring from
business as soon as he can settle his
affairs.
cne she loved. .
The entreaties of h!3 wife finally causea
Mr. Vager to relent, and he gave his con
sent to the wedifing. with the provision
that his daughter return to her hom»
and remain there for six months, dur
ing which tine Souza could prepare him
self to support a wife.
The marriage was performed in San
Francisco by a Justice of the Peace,
and Mrs. Souza has returned to her fath
er's home, where shf nnw Is,
SAX LEANDRO, July 2S.— Miss Lena
Vager told her parents that unless
she was permitted to • marry the
man of her choice she would take
poison. The young lady was determined
to marry William Souza, a young barber,
to -which her father. A. S. Vager, who 13
the most extensive individual fruit
grower in Alameda County, objected. But
love triumphed, and the couple were mar
ried on Tuesday afternoon last in San
Francisco. •
Miss Lena Vager ls a very bright ar.d
well-educated young woman. Though
only ID years old. she has been her fath
er's confidential agent and bookkeeper ior
a long time, and the fond father had sup
plied her every want.
When ..^ss Vager recently announced
her Intention of marrying William Souza,
a barber, with whom she had become ac
quainted while t-e young man had be^n
in her father's employ. Mr. Vager de
clared that he would never consent. Such
was the young lady's infatuation, how
ever, that she told her parent that she
would take poison and end her existence
if she was prevented from marrying th»
THREAT OF POISON UNITED THESE TWO.
WANTED POISON OR
MARRIAGE LICENSE
ell's story runs that he separated from
McEwen, who went over a divide in
search of deer. On the canyon side, out
of view of Mitchell, the other hunter
stalked a deer and shot at it, but missed.
McEwen followed the deer to the top of
the ridge and there Mitchell caught sight
of the animal and fired twice. Instead of
hitting the deer he shot McEwen. One
rifle bail hit the unfortunate hunter in the
throat, the bullet ranging downward
through the lungs, coming out on the
right side.
The wounded man died soon afterward.
His body was taken back to his home at
Concord, where his wife and two chil
dren are left. McEwen was 35 years old,
and was a laborer.
Mitchell is 22 years old. and a farm
hand, unmarried. Sheriff Veale of
Contra Costa County said he would go
over the scene of the shooting carefully
and determine positively that the circum
stances as "explained by the shooter are
corroborated by the surroundings. There
will be an inquest Wednesday at Mar
tinez.
Oaklan-3 Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 2S.
While hunting at Mount Diablo yester
day afternoon Leslie Mitchell shot and
killed James "W. McEwen of Concord, mis
taking the dead man for a deer in the
brush on the mountain side. None save
Mitchell witnessed the shooting. His story
as reported to Sheriff Veale at Martinez
gives the tragedy a purely accidental as
pect. The Sheriff has directed the con
stables at Clayton, Mitchell's home, to
keep him under surveillance pending a
thorough investigation, which will be
made by the proper county officials. -
McEwen and Mitchell were strangers,
but became acquainted in a camping par
ty which went out yesterday morning to
Mount Diablo. About noon McEwen took
a shotgun, and giving 1 Mitchell a rifle the
pair started off for Deer Flat, on the
mountain side, to hunt jackrabbits. Mitch-
Last Named Says Affair Was Acci
dental, but Sheriff of Contra
' Costa Will Make Corn-
plete Investigation.
James McEwen Victim of
Bullets Fired by Leslie
Mitchell,
HUNTER SHOT
AND KILLED BY
HIS COMPANION
TWO MILITARY
CONVICTS GET
SAFELY AWAY
Thomas J. Ijyie and a man named
Wright, tv.-o general prisoners at the Pre
sidio, made their escape yesterday by
crawling through a quarter of a mile of
newly constructed sewer on which they
were at work. The two ex-soldlers went
to work at 8 a. m. About 10 a. m. the
sentry walked to the edge of the ditch
in -which the men had been working to
find his charges pone. A hue and cry
was at once raised and a search mado,
but Wright and Lyle could not be found.
About an hour later a dirty, unkempt
looking individual called at the back door
of a residence in the Richmond District
and requested the loan of a suit of
clothes. He had crawled over the back
fence with the intention of helping him
self, but finding the family home his con
science smote him and he determined to
ask for what he wanted. He wore a blue
shirt and troupers, the color of which
could not be described, and had an odor
about him reminiscent of the water froi:t
at low tide. The family did not hesitate
to comply with his request. A hasty col
lection of cast off clothing was made and
he selected the basement as his boudoir,
returning in a few moments attired in hU
new ouliit. He said:
"1 am an escaped prisoner from the Pre
sidio. I was working In the sewer and,
though I had but forty days of my four
teen months' sentence to serve, thought
I would sneak. I had to crawl through
a quarter of a mile of sewer to get away,
but I succeeded. I had a partner, but he
started a length ahead of me and got out
first. I haven't seen him since. I'd like
to go to China, all right, but I've had ail
the pipe I want."
Both the escapes were in for over a
year and gave no sign that they intended
escaping. The starting place of their long
crawl is within 100 feet of the guardhouse.
Private 'Welsh, Second Artillery, con
fined in the post barracks for some trivial
offense, managed to regain his liberty an
hour or so before. He was placed on the
sick report, and in company with three
others was sent to the hospital under
guard for treatment. He reached the
hospital, and that is the last seen or heard
of him. '
z — • —
Another Prisoner Is Sent to the Post
Hospital and/Mysteriously
Disappears on the
. Way.
Crawl Through a Presidio
Sewer and Make Good
Their Escape.
FIRST BIG CHECK FOR THE
SEPTEMBER CELEBRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29. 1900.
33
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— Troop B of Sacra,
menta will camp here at the prounda In the
rear of the bathhouses on the beach, commenc-
ing August 4.
& * . \
\ Special Saving Prices *.
a Groceries .and Liquors.^
Whole Wheat Flour or ' $
Q Graham ..10 lb sack i8c0
X < t »trs!:ty jraarasteed. Regular 25c. /
Root Beer ,
\ "S^2&S 4 bottles 25c t
\ gailon* of Koot Be .-r— healthful \
p tad rcfrwliing. A
j*Eagle Milk 2 cans 250^
\ rii;bcst trrade of ermdecs <i milk. \
W Warm w«?atnf>r i« fcerw. »
i Condensed milk <1owri"t sonr. \
gCold Spring Cream \
" Pure, rif-li c*<«-'s iui)ii. _ r
ft Evaji-jraf-d and B'eralized. Call 1
' Uuv-icti-tW-canbe J_ --A\
4 tscxl t.arrc .is fn*h LUi 30 £
" uiiik puai-i.at<;ed. *
f Libby's Deviled Ham *
i f£&*£. 3cansio<4
P H-»tfiiiar 5c s:z<!. (
f Old Crow Whiskey (
t ¦ bottle 95 cf
jBrady's Malt Whiskey >
A Tor nu-uicmal use. OOttlCO^C^
Absolutely pure, nebular We ¦
J French Vermouth *
J SgSSSf?* bottle 50c J
Porter ,
VX» Extra «oat» A**.— <* •» /£ '
A Genuine. Bottled by QOZ £ I . Os y
f '. Dall and Sons, England. Res;. 51.90." '
V Tih Market St. S. F. Sh&ttuck At. Berkelov4*
AZ'.h «fcWn«hlngTon.Oak Ontral Are, Ale.mcx"s: j
V 7tii * Wood. Oak. fi» 1st 8tr-«t. San Jc*o f
IUdlEbes are adulterated In Germany.
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Me!! To All Sufferers.
NO C. 0: D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
The enly preparation known to science w!:i:h really
iii^vS&raSsl!^ y^v. rcr« Lost Manhood is "CALTKOS," the marvelous
BB^S55^;?jBS5wJffl /^^^L French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules LaborU^. It is
/« "-^. *?? controlled in this country by Th^ Voa MoM Company, of
5«f£l| V "^JP Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies .>. high and
T&imMffi&Gffi^W'Jftpt A *y>J honorable place ia the world of medicine. It i;. our of the
' largest and most responsible houses i:i Cincinnati, a*
©?^}Sft^jlg^-g|Kr jtL anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
Wli&^M?$$i$y /t " */Ii» -r e oa Company invit;s all taen safferisjr
: \Si$iiE!iry /I // ft from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele. Small
K^ r &P£y A-^..- ~^JI 5s **arts or Weakness cf ary ratnre in the Nerves or Sexual
\Y-^^if^(^j yi^&^»t^^//lifr Orjrana, to send their rsaraes and receive a five days' treat*
'Jkj-'&^ipxj AtF&Sfyl //. /Ill ment. This will prov; the wonderful vitalizing powers
f$%$&f ffl?£%07V//l \ of •• CALTHOS." After using it five days the sufferers
C-I'SStfy IS/^yvV/ir I * acw vi " cr J ? l " ei r organs new force ia their
XSvV^.t w5i \L^iZ^/ J V 1 muscles, new biocj ia their veins, new ambition, and
•^tflswi \iy f ~ > -^"'^ / rapid p^rosress towcrd the buoyant f:e!:E™3 sad sens»«
sjpK&vM V7 \ I 11 This liberal fr;e cfT-r is genuine. There is no swind-
¦bl0S>'&T&\ tf \V h\\ «ngr CO. D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it- The fiv«
EHSk£'& ! *\ V \ // \l cays' treatment is se:it by sealed mail to all en request,
IgSEftjsJjjSiVA ' ) I vrrapped in a plain package, and full priTtcd .instructions
fiKf^^'-'-i'V^MsoXV) / \ tccompany the medicine, 50 that each patiea: becomes
§§8S5$-*I$«?jl 'ia m\\w own <loctor aa< * cures himself at home.
&£2t&$M?$J \ ~\\f It doesn't tnaie any .'iEferencr what caused the weat-
mFg g ?" i *' v r 5 l 1 i*~? -^"^ ness— whether ba«i habits ia youth, or excess, or over-
WR8$$&£ffl fi\ -¦ \ work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" wi!l efect a
£$^-%% : .-&3t t£*A cure, no matter wirat bij name tlie disease may te called
fe*<p£*:":j-!.';$jS ' £2fc-A The Von Jlohl Cocnny treats all correspondence ia
ttffil::*\Pl£ eSfl J&\ perfect conildrace. Under r.o conditions will it nake
ea?"''^-A'TO^f trcr*^! public the nami3of the thousands who have written te-.-
ffzr*y&-C.\ : lZ&B * /Jfifelfe j.\ il timonials telling: of their restoration to robust iranhecd
gBlf^-.-y^-B^a . ,flRT_-F "IT I after other medicines end appliances hare proved worth-
jE5g&V:v££ra fSj&iY n less- "CALTKOS'I h regularly u 3 ed in the French an.l
§c|li££&i£y9 ePSS I h German armi-s, acu the foldisr* in thes? countries have
EgJEft'&j&ag Ijgi I [,?Z corns to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
iB&ZxSSm mSsfkl £$**•¦ ?re effected at all ages from twenty to eiznty years. Thcr-
'¦' WJw /V^ ls no case 'except wh;r; the cf exiltpsv or insanity
IJiK'kiwia'i fsSr ( \%\ has been reached) which it will not rsdicalJy.'quicklyan't
sff&Av'JB&gaa agfil \ Vr.?V permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure ilielf.
"KjS^^^^ t^^V Vfe^^ft^ " ff 70^ 8 Torse from weelc to weelc Each day aggravates
wifeSj I \ - \ fc^ST lliii *iiS^ l^ e mental ac <i physical anguish.
¦ Vrtrt^ Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If It
t s helps yon, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not Help, no harm is done and no money has been paid out. You can send your name la
the fall knowledge that it will be kept from an. The " CALTHOS " department ofoor business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treats n nt, etc., to
THE VON M09L COMPANY,- 651 B, ffictotl,p v lft4^i^u^ttSnage is 3543 and nominal horsepower 2C00.
BOOKKEEPING— W. J. S.. City.
Bookkeeping Is taught In the business
evening school at Bush and Stockton
streets, a school which is 1 a part of the
common school system of San Francisco.
WASHINGTON'S MOTHER— P. R. T.,
City. The granite monument erected, to
the memory of Mary, the mother of
George Washington, which marks her
resting place in Fredericksburg, Va.. was
unveiled May 10, 153*.
THE BOXER MOVEMENT— C. F. S-.
Salinas," Cal. The Call. In It3 news de
partment, has given all the information
obtainable on the subject of the Boxers
in - China and their reasons for the at
tack, on the foreigners.
THE ESCAMBIA-G. E.. Uklah. Cal.
The steamship Escambia capsized outside
the Heads of San Francisco June 19 1SS3.
Captain Purvis, master; B. W. Walker,
second engineer, and the colored steward
and a colored cook were saved.
EXCAVATION- S. B.. City. On Use
subject of excavation the law of Califor
nia Is as follows: "Each coterminous
owner is entitled to the lateral and sub
adjacent support -which his land receives
from the adjoining land to make proper
and usual excavations on the same for
the purpose of construction, on using
LARGEST FERRY BOAT-Subscriber,
Mare Island, Cal. The largest ferry boat
In the world Is the Solano. She was built
in San Francisco in 1S79. Her gross ton-
THE HEARST RESIDENCE— F. C. C..
Denver, Colo. The Hearst residence in
Berkeley. Cal., was at the head of Chan
ning way. but the building is no longer
occupied by Mrs.. Hearst.
BRYAN'S VOTE— A. S.. City. The
straight fusion vote for Bryan In 1S?5 was
6.257.1&S: straight Populist vote for Bryan
was 245.72S. His electoral vote was 175
against McKinley 271.
latest mctionarles
CONSULT A DICTIONARY— Subscriber.
City. This department has not the space
to define the meaning of a number of
words that are to be found In any of the
BRYAN'S XOIIIXATION'-A. H. O.,
Pine Flat, Cal. This department has no
record of the "precise moment that Wil
liam J. Bryan was nominated in the
Democratic Convention."
SHARKEY' S RANK — Subscriber. Ruth
erford, Cal. At the time of Sharkey's
discharge from the United States navy he
was an ordinary seaman.
NOT A PENAL COLONT-C. M. G..
City. There is nothing in the history of
Japan to show that It was at one time a
penal colony of China.
SHARKEY AND DUNKHORST-A. S.,
City. The published records of Tom Shar
key do not show that he ever had a fight
with Ed Dunkhorst.
CUBA— T. S. D.. Pacific Grove. Cal. The
United States Government assumed the
responsibility of the pacification of the
Island of Cuba.
A PEN NAME— T. E. W., City. "Tha
Yellow Aster." a novel, was written by
Mrs. Mannington Coffyn, under the pen
name of "Iota."
THE MAYORS TERM— D. G.. City. Un
der the new charter for San Francisco the
Mayor holds pace for two years.
RHODE ISLAND— Anxious, City. Wil
liam Gregory. Republican, is the Gov
ernor of Rhode Island.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
EMPRESS OF JAPAN-A. J.. City. As
this department Is ur.able to obtain a vl*w
of the log of the steamer Empress of Ja
pan it is tumble to explain tow It hajv
pened that she was overtaken twice on a
recent passage by a vessel that is noi
rated as fast.
CONGRESS— D. G.. City. CTeveTar.*
went into office flrst term llaxch 4. 15nJ.
The composition of Congress on that data
was: In the Senate SI Democrats. 2 Inde
pendents and 40 Republicans; In the Hnusn
1S3 Democrats. £ National er Greenback
party ar.d 14) Republicans?
HAWAII AND PUERTO RICO-T. S.
D.. Pacific Grove. Cal. The Hawaiian In
lands are a Territory ttf the United State*
th» same as Arizona. New UcxSco and
other Territories of the United Stare*.
Porto RJco is not such a territorv. Tri>>
one is -under civil rule ami th5 Other
unrfpr m'lit.irv r:ilf.
THE PHILIPPINES— T. 3. D. f PaciSa
Grove. Cal. The treaty of peace tv»twe?n
the United States and Spain provided for
the cession not only of the citv and har
bor of Manila on the island of L*i£an, but
all of the :s : and3. for t20.0OO,O» as com
pensation. •
RUSSIA-JAPAN— Subscriber. City. T~a
navy of Russia has 4Z3 fightinsr vessels,
CSS heavy guns ar.d 4X3 secondary and
machine guns. Japan has 14* f.grhtir.sr
vessels. 17* heavy guns and 1312 second
ary and machine guns.
TAXES IN CHICAGO— J B.. City. If a
resident of San Francisco wishes to pay
taxes on property in Chicago, h« can
ascertain the amount due by communi
cating with the tax collector "of that cliy
and then forward the money.
HERALDP.T— Subscriber. Rutherton
Cal. There i3 no place in San Franctsc
where may be recorded ancient and mod
ern coats of arms of Irish or English
noblemen. Such records can be found in
a number of works on heraldry.
ordinary car? and skill and takir.gr rea
sonable precaution to sustain the land of
the other and giving previous reasonable
notice to the other of his Intention to
make such excavation.
* Judge Ol!n Wellborn and family have
gene to Terminal Island to spend the sam
mf>r.
The engagement of Miss Evelyn Gwynn
to Carroll Allen is announced, the wed
dinc: to take place early in October.
Miss Edna. Wyman. with a party of
friends has fror.e to La Jolla to remain a
few weeks with her uncle. Wheeler Bai
lcv. at the Green Dragon.
Mrs. W. A. Guthrie and son. Walter, are
spending the summer at Santa Monica.
Mrs. C. N. Hasson of Twenty-eighth
street has as her guest her niece. Miss
Hazel Cochrane. of San Bernardino.
Suraner P. Hur.t has returned to this
city after spending several weeks at his
summer home at Terminal Island.
Mrs. Marian M. Cook and her son. Mor
ris are spending the summer in the city
and have taken the John D. Foster resi
dence on West Twenty-eighth street.
Mrs. W. H. Bradley cf North Sato street
ha? as her guests Mrs. John Quincy Mey
er« of New York and her niece. Miss Kir
tybel Peeler of Dallas. Texas.
"C. B. Booth and sons. Sterling and Earl,
have returned from j, camping trip to
Mount Whitney in Inyo County.
Mrs. Addie Walker of West Twelfth
street has as her griest her cousin, Mrs.
Hannah Wetmore.
Mrs. I. K. Lapp. Mrs. Harry Harring
ton and Miss Eunice Hoffman will leave
next week for San Francisco, where they
will <=pend a short time. Miss Hoffman
will also visit Santa Clara to be the
gx:est of her sister, and will later In the
season go East.
Mrs. M. J. Turner of South Hope street
atlves in Pennsylvania and New England.
Mr< M \ Newmark and family have
gone to Avalon to spend a month or so.
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Dodge of U est
Etehth street have as their guest Mrs. B.
Frank Woodman of Spokane.
Mi*s Clara Brandt of San Diego vvas the
niest of honor at an informal dinner
liven by Mrs. N. J. Wright of V, est Jef-
Charlcs re willetta of the First National
Bank has gone to tho Seven Oaks on an
outing, bunting deer. • „.„,,.
Miss Lucy Furbush was given a yrj
pleasant farewell on Tuesday evening just
before her departure for Boston
Mr ar.d Mrs, Fred K. Rule have gone
to San Francisco to spend a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Barker have gone
to Colorado for the summer.
Mrs O. A. Vickery of Constance street
entertained a few friends informally on
Friday at luncheon. „
Mrs C. W. Smith of South Broadway
has gone" East to spend a short time with
r Mr. Mrs. D. Gotthelf and niece.
Mi?s Clara Spier, left on Wednesday for
New York ar.d from there will sail for
J. H. Adams of the Adarns-Phiilips
Company left with his family on Satur
day for Europe to be gone for several
months.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Lv Lee and familr hav«
gone to the seashore to spend the sum
mer at their new cottas-^ at Ocean Park.
John BU>f*sser Sr. and family have Ipft
for Catalina. where thej- will s^end the
summer.
Rev. £>. Hujrhes of Hemlock Street ha3
as his truest? Mrs. J. F. Jones and W. J.
Rees of San Francisco.
Miss Florence Jones of nerk?!?y was
the guest of honor at an informal dinner
given by Miss Ida Bowen on Tuesday
evenins: at her horse on Santee street.
The time was mest pleasantly spent with
games, music and an elaborate repast.
Mr. and Mrs. W". E. Cates and Mr. an<i
Mrs. de Witt FieM left on Friday to rus
ticate in the mountains. They were well
equipped with g^ins, ammunition and a
camera.
Edmond H. Gidden has ran? to Cata
lina Island to spend the summer with T.
A. Garvin and family.
Miss Grac? Pirtle has gene to San Diego
to spend some cf the summer wpoks.
Mrs. F. P. Springer and ML=»3 Fay*
Sprihcer have gone to Long Beach and
Terminal Island to spend the remainder
of the summer.
Mrs. Smith of South Hill street has as
her guests Mrs. Thomas and daughter c?
Portland. Me., and Mlsa Isom of, the Uni
versity of Mississippi.
Miss Catherine Connell has gone to
Long Eeach to join her parents. Mr. aM
Mrs. C. A. Connell. who have been spend
ing the summer there.
Dr. J. C. Solomon has srone to the Grand
Canyon for an outing of several days.
Miss Nora Sterry entertained informal
ly on Saturriav afternoon in honor of Mi3*
Riodan and Miss Elizabeth Riodan of
Tucson ar.d Miss Ainsworth of Phoenix.
A. T. Some forty-f.ve gue3t3 were pres
ent.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert O. Adams enter
tained at whi.-t on Wednesday evening at
their home in McClIntock street to cele
brate the eight anniversary of their mar-
Mrs. J. H. Martindale of the Bellevu®
Terrace entertained some little people on
Thursday afternoon in honor of her spa
Edward's birthday anniversary.
has as her guests her daughter and son
in law. Mr. and .Mrs. T. C. Turner oi
Greenville. Texas.
Frank J. Thomas has returned iron
Terminal Island, where fce has been,
spending: the last few weeks.
Mrs. Ella M. Endeleln of North Olivs
street has a.« her truest Miss Margaret
Shepherd of Ventura.
Misses Edna Edwards. Ermine Stephens
and He!en Wyman have gone to Lon?
Beach to spend several weeks, being chap
eroned by Mrs. Alma Robinson.
walk was cleverly performed by Miss L.
Hewelcke and Miss A. Todt. Miss G.
OCell and A. Pidgeon amused the guests
by their ringing. At 12 o'clock supper
vas announced, and to the strains of
"Happy Days in Dixie" the happy people
TV-arched downstairs, where a bounteous
mast was served. The house was beau
tifully decorated witlj greens and sweet
Jasmine and a large American flag was
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Miss Ella Todt. 1924 Twenty
sixth street. Saturday evening, July 14.
The early part of the evening was spent
In singing and games, and a society cake-
On the Fourth of July Mr. and Mrs.
Yrmiam McGraw entertained a few of
their intimate friends at their pleasant
home in Upper Fruitvale. the occasion be
i-^g the tilth anniversary of their mar
riape. Many unique and useful -wooden
presents were received. The house and
groueds were beautifully decorated under
the supervision cf Mrs. R. Sealy. In the
afternoon luncheon -was served under the
trees for the young people, after which
they enjoyed a tramp through the famed
Dtmond Canyon. Later in the evening an
elaborate dinner was served In the dining
room, where covers were laid for twenty
five quests. During the dinner the courses
¦were punctuated by toasts and felicita
tiens. A number of letters and telegrams
¦w-ere read from friends who regretted
their inability to attend. After dinner
music and dancing were enjoyed until a
late hour. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. McGraw. Mr. and Mrs.
Kyan, Mr. and Mrs. Carrick, Mr. and Mrs.
Kalis. Mr. and Mrs. de Celle, Mr. and
llrs. Hurley. Mr. and Mrs. Sealy. George
Lonergan. Fred Pealy, Pierce Lonergan.'
J V os.be r jr. the Misses Grace and Edith
Hurley, the Misses Lillie and Ella Sealy,
Miss Martha Schact. Miss Noriaga.
Miss Emma Pausmaxm entertained a
r.umber cf her friends at an icecream
party en Sunday evening, July 22. at her
residence. 410 Bay street. The following
¦were present: Miss Emma Pausmann,
Miss Bertha Atreroth. Miss Johanna
Aschrnar.n. Miss Frieda Behlmer, Misses
Alrr.a ar.d Minnie Barthold. Miss Mln-
Eie Bruse. Mis* Dora Behlmer. Miss Elea
r.er Bartho'.d. Miss lizzie Bin. Miss Elsie
Gtmzel: Miss Marie K-r^h. Miss Mathilda
Mues. Miss Gertrude Mehrtens. Miss An
r!e Tollner. George Besthom. Henry
Uehlruer, Kred Bruse, Jesse Behrens. Al
¦vJn Ehrenpfort. Theodore Fuendeling. Gus
Mehrtens, Henry V.'essel, George Well
brook.
A delightful surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Gertrude Roche last Mon
day evening by her numerous friends.
The party was in honor of the young
la<iv"s return from Sonoma, where she
had* been spending her vacation. r>ajicir:g.
t:r.g:r.jr. music and caktwalking occupied
The early part of the evening and then all
edicumtd to the supper table.
A very flellgbtfol surprise party was
piver. to Mr. and Mrs. George Danger at
their residence, S3 Cotter .street, on Sat
urday evening. July 14, by Mr. ar.d Mrs.
Emil Green and Thomas Jenser- The
evening- was pleasantly spent in dancing.
rir.pir.g: ar.d flaying panes. At midnight
a light refreshment was served. Arnor.g
tho?<- r resent were: Mr. arid Mrs. George
Dar.pcr. Mr. ar.d ilrs. Emil Green, Mr.
and Mrs. Ed Rotteron. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Downir.p. Charles Rueser. Mrs.
I rown Mrs. Owens. Miss Minnie Rosma-
Tiu, M;'ss Mol'ie Hoelschcr, Miss Margaret
Bossons Miss Minn;- 1 Rueser. Miss Jo
ephine Gro=s, Miss Edith Thompson, Miss
Ida Feldmaa. Miss 1><u Begley. Miss Rose
Curarainps Charles Kinzel, Thomas Jen-
F^n. George Fricker, Frederick Kuhl,
Walter Dous'.as, Walter Keo. John Jones,
Charles Ti!!raan, Her.r>" Geis'er.
hjomc Gatrje^iDgs
The er.gaKemer.t is announced cf Mary
Soorvea ard Sarnur-I Horowitz. They will
receive their friends at «31 Stevenson
Street on Sunday, August 12.
Invitations are out for a reception ia
honor of Miss Charlotte MSisr.er and Do
rif I. Wyatt. whose engagement ha_s been
announced. The your.*: people will enter
tain their ir.ar;y frier.as this Sunday af
terr.con at 1T4 Base street, between the
hours cf 2 ar.d Z o'clock. Miss Mi!sner is
b danchter of A. Mi'.sner of the firm of
SLQlsner &. Weil of this city. The fortu
r.ate ytnmg man is a business man with
considerable real estate to his credit in
The Mission. He Is an active mfmb*' nt
Th<? Eureka Valley Improvement Club.
The wvdflir.K will take place in October.
Tho eoc&eement is ar.nouriC^d of Miss
Sarah Newneld. daujrhter of Mr. ar.d Mrs.
A. NewfleldJ to Armand Bolomon. They
w;:i receive Sunday, August 5, at 1115 El
:i£ etrect.
The w<?<1£'.r.g of M'.^s Fannie SternfeM
ar.d S. D. Lnr.decker will take p'.are at the
residence of the bride's parents this Sun
<iay, July 25.
They're Engaged
THE various scdal clubs and musical
societies are the salvation of the
town during tho resort season. The
monthly dances, dramatic er^ter
tair.ments and rausJcales of these
popular organizations have kept the social
baU a-rollir.g. The meetings of these or
panirations have beecn the occasions of
lirirjrlriff maa? out-of-town i>eopJe back to
the city if only for a few dayF. It will be
fully two months before the town season
•will open, and in the meantime there are
all sorts of predictions as to just what a
Iriiliar.t. jolly season the one of 1»J
will be.
Personals.
JIi*« Janctte Ephraim of 70j Brcderick
street has just returned from an enjoy
able out-of-town visit. She has been the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. C. Rhine of Clay
ton, also of Mr. and Mrs. Max Blum and
Mr. and Mrs. A. Allan 'Lobree of Marti
nez. Contra Costa County.
Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Allen. Mrs. Gahin
and the Misses Kathryn McFadden. Kittie
given in the cabin by the society, accom
panied by' a string orchestra. The steamer
will land at McNears Point, where four
hours of dancing will be enjoyed.
vocal and instrumental concert will be
In the Future.
An Ice cream party will be given at the
home of the Misses Collpm. 3S Powell ave
nue, during the afternoon and evening of
Thursday. August 2, for the benefit of
the Sodality booth. St. Paul's bazaar. All
their friends are Invited.
Th«* second bay excursion and picnic of
the McKenzie Musical Society will take
place Sunday. August 5. A military band
will be in attendance on the deck and a
draped over the entrance. After supper
those present enjoyed themselves dancing
till the wee. small hours of the morning.
Anr-.ngr those present were the MiFses E.
Todt. F. Tddt. A. Todt. I.. Hewelcke, K.
Muhl, G. Odeil. H. Lampe. H. Barr. K.
Peters, L. Sieertrnan. Z. Hammer. M.
Krebs: Messrs Al ToJt. H. Todt, B. Hew
elcke. I. Kohnke.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. WllliamS Sr. cele
brated the twenty-fifth anniversary of
their weddins on July 21 at their home.
145 Silver street. Amon? tho^e present
were: Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Williams Sr.,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Williams Jr.. George,
Harry. Edmond. Lizzie and Willie Wil
liams. Mrs. K. Harowitz. J. Harmvitz.
Miss J. Harowitz. F. Cardeil. Mr. Han
cock. Miss A. Hancock. Miss Foley, Miss
L. Gcthan. F. Foley. Mrs. J. Moore, Mrs.
C. Strchmaier. Miss A. Strohmaier, Mr.
and Mrs. C. \Vurh«rer. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Rich, Mrs. J. Maloney. Miss Maggie Ma
loney. Mis? !!arv Maloney. Mrs. G. W.
Kidd, T. Hlp^ins. J. Parody. W. Fabian,
Mrs. A. Nellman. Miss E. Nellman.
Club Parties
The Mission Turn Sisters had an outing
In Mill Valley Sunday last and spent a
very enjoyable day. The affair was man
aged by Mrs. Lena Stoltz, president of
the society, and Mrs. R. Hecht. There
were about thirty cf the members present
and a fine lunch was served.
The twenty-fourth invitation musicale
and hop given by the McKenzie Musical
Society tuck place en Thursday evening;
July 19, at Odd Fellows" Hall. The fol
lowing excellent programme was present
ed on the occasion of this very successful
affair:
Overture (Wei?e*>: "Bridal Chorus,"
"Lohengrin" (Wagner), McKenzie Musi
cal Society: "O. Promise Me." "Robin
Hood" (De Koveni. Master George Kro
ger; "Waiting Love" (arranged by Me-
Ker.zi? from Seller's "Remember Me"
gavotte), McKenzie Musical Society:
•¦Mir,** Always." Charles F. Lelong: "Cu
ban Dance" <in Spanish, axraneed by Me-
Kenzie), ladies' quartet. Mrs. J. C. Laws.
Miss E. Carroll, Mrs. Alice Hawkes, Miss
E. Breitengross ar.d McKenzie Musical
Society: -"A Mother's Song" <frrst time.
words by A. J. Waierhouse, music by II.
M. Boswortht. Mrs. L. Lamp*. Ethel Car
roll, Julia \Vhite, Rose Koppell. Mrs. J.
C. Haughy. Lillie Jonson, Mrs. E. Hutch-
Ison. Mrs.' Alice Hawkes, Miss B. Peguil
lon. Miss K. Peterson. Miss E. Breiten
gross. Rose Corbaiey. Evelyn Wright and
the McKer.zie Musical Society; male quar
tet, "On Dress Parade" i •"Double Eagle
March," arranged by McKer.zie*. William
G. Baudoin. F. A. Griffin. J. P. Fuivre.
Her.ry Pfaeffle; tamboritza solo. "Bohem
tan Girl" (BaJfe). Croatian national instru
rr.tr^t played for the nr=t lirr.e In this city.
F. S. SlUasfch: "One Heart's Enough for
Me ¦ fHirschfeid*. O. W. d'A-jlnais; "Dar
kr Slumber Song. Hu?h. Hush. Hush"
iManley. arranged by McKer.zie'. Master)
Georg? Kroger and McKenzie Musical So
ciety; '-Off to Camp" march (Sllberbergi.
arra*r,c:e>1 by McKer.zie. McKer.zie MlipS
cal Society.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Scr.s of Vermont will
be he!d on Friday evening. August 3. at
Odd Fellows' Hall. The following excel
lent programme has been arranged for
the occasion: Overture. Dellepaine's or
chestra: violin solo. Gladys Mur.roe; bass
solo (selected), A. N. Meals; specialties.
B. I. Barnett; song. M5ss Helen Merrill of
the Tivoli oper& company; sor.g. Sentinel
Quartet: vocal duet. "Neath the 6tars"
(Goring). Miss Ethel Stuart and C. Ed
wards: the Leavyg, in a laughable pkit
entitled "Keegan's Domestic BMps." Mr.
and Mrs. E. H. Leavy of the Alcazar.
Sailed Away.
The steamship Australia, which sailed
for Honolulu on Wednesday, July 25.
carried the following passengers: J. W.
Alexander, B. K. Balrd. J. C. Balrd. B.
R. Banning. John J. Barrett. Mrs. M.
Barrett, Hiram Bir.gham Jr.. Charles Bon
and wife, W. W. Bruner. Miss Mary Bur
dick. Captain W. D. Burnham. C. H.
Chase Miss E. L. Clark. MiSS E. Clarke.
Mrs. J. A. Colvln, Mrs. A. F. Cooke. Miss
Margaret Cooke. W. H. Cornwall. D. B.
Dearborn Jn, George S. Dearborn, C. S.
Desky. Hon. M. M. Estc-e and wife. Mrs.
C Graham. C. W. Grav, Miss G. Groves.
Miss Ella Holbrook. J. L. Horner, Otto
Isenberg, wife, two children and nurse;
H. S. Johnsan. Miss N. Johr.son. Prince
David Kawananakoa and servant. Judge
Kc-n^ikal. Harry Larkin. E. R. Lew. Mrs.
A. K. Lewis. W. B. Mailing. Dr. W. H.
Mavs E. B. McClar.ahan. Mrs. K. C.
Moonev. Miss F. Nolte, Samuel Parker,
Miss A. H. Parker. J. C. Patterson. K.
Quamstrom. C. F. Reynolds Miss Kate
Revnolds. Miss Ryan. H. K. fcelby. H. M.
=ewail Oscar T. Sewall. W. C. Stubbs
ar.d wife. W. A. Swinnerton. Mrs C. B.
Tavlor. J. W. Tindal, George S \\ ater
house A. C. Werner, Arthur White. C.
V. Wilson. A. Zuckerman.
The following Californians sailed for
Europe on the Hamburg-American line
steamship Pretoria from New York July
21: Mr« W. G. Henshaw, Miss A. S. Hen
shaw Miss M. A. Grimes, Miss Florence
Hen«=haw. Master Griffith Henshaw. Mr.
and Mrs. R. E. Miller. Miss E. Brewer.
Miss H. Brewer. Miss Elisa Krarom. F.
Kircnhoff, Joseph Roder. Fr. Ftebler and
wife Max Richter. Bernard Richter.
! Alien. Ilene Thomas, Irma Nicola!. LJllIe
i Thomas and Mamie Layden are spending
! the season in Rosebud cottage, at Bay
State Villa, Santa Cruz. They entertained
quite extensively at their cottage .dur.ng
tho visit of the cadets in Santa Cruz.
Mrs. M. V. Tingley-Lawrence and Miss
Constance V. Lawrence are the guests of
Mrs. Hearst at her Pleasanton hacienda..
Miss Liliio Lang and Thomas Foster
will receive their friends on Sunday,
August C. from 2 to 5 p. m. at 1252 Broad
way. Alameda. . *
Mrs. J. Czerwlr.skv and Miss Sarah
Magner will be at home Tuesday after
noon, the Cist inft.. 000 O'Farrell street.
Samuel Adclstein has returned from his
annual summer vacation in Northern
California.
Mrs. T. W. Hay ward of 3S25 Army !
street, accompanied by her daughters, j
Misses Gertrude. Loretta and Nonle Hay- |
ward, have taken a cottage in Sonoma •
City, where they intend spending- the sum; ;
mer. During their stay they will have ;
as guests Miss Estelle Green. Joseph Ea
con. Miss Annie Lynch and Captain J. de i
Dural.
Miss Anna Hayden is spending her va- !
cation in Mill Valley, the guest of De- I
tecTive and Mrs. Reynolds.
The Misses Gertrude, Irene and Blanche !
McArdle are visiting friends at Tomales.
Mr. and Mrs. B. D. Harris, accompanied
by Mrs. M. Thomas, are spending the |
summer at Fort Brasrg.
Mr. and Mrs, Ed Harris axe at Aetna
for the season. ¦ i
Gecrge T. Butler Is a guest at the Hotel
Arcadia. Santa Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Trover have
gone to Monterey for a two weeks' outing.
Mrs. Otto Weihf (nee Fi.=her.t and her
two daughters will sail for Nome on Aug
ust I.
Misrs Mae Roth of C27 Octavia street :
will discontinue her evening at home.
Henry o. Brandenstein is at the Hotel
Arcadia: Santa Monica: )
The Misses Reta Finigan, Kettle Don
nea and Ijiura and Pauline Goetsee are
spending their summer vacation with '
their friend. Miss EJith Guay, at Camp j
Pisto'.esi. In Marin County.
Miss Emma McFadden, Miss Winnie
Kelly and Miss Irene Carroll, who have :
been spending- the season at their cot- \
tage in Capitola. are registered this week
at Bay State VliJa. Santa Cruz.
Mrs. G. I. P.ai Chester and her niece.
Mabel Franklin, are stopping in San,
Jo.=e for a few weeks.
Miss Mae C. Stolz Is spending her vaca- j
tion at Glen Haven, Santa Cruz Moun- i
"ilr. and Mrs. Otto J. Joel will he at
home to their friends to-day from 2 to 5]
p. m.. at their residence. 172^ Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Nauman. Miss Lulu \
Bert, Miss Mary H«>witt, Mrs. M. Heine
ken; Mrs. B: Bernhard. Miss Ida Bern
hard and Mis* Stiiwell are visiting the j
Yoeemite Valley and 'Big Trees.
J. C. Walker, a Fresno capitalist, with j
his wife and daughter, are at the Lick .
House.
Mr?. J. J. Rcurk? and Master Charles •
Rourke are sojourning with Mrs. E. D.
Thompson at Watsonvflle.
Mr. J. Go'dstone and his daughter. Miss :
Esther B.. have just returned from their
Eastern trip, and are permanently located
at Hotel Granada, where they will be
pler.Fed to see their friends.
Messrs. Joseph and Leo. W. Goldstone
are stopping at Hotel Granada with their
father and sister.
Mrs. Simon Cohen and family have
moved from K.1D Golden Gate avenue to
1£4G Waller street, where they will be
pleased to their friends.
Miss Harriet Cronln has returned home
from a visit to her sister. Mrs. J. L. Mc-
Klmson. who is a guest at Mt. View Ho
tel. Ross Valley.
Mrs. Benjamin Cohen and her son Jacle
are at San Rafael for their vacation.
Mrs. Anglln end Mfss Margaret Anglin
have been spending the past week at Del
Monte.
Henry Miller sr>er.t last week at the
Vondcrhe. San Jose, where he has been
entertaining and been entertained ex
tensively. „ . ...
Ml=s Jewel Gilbert of Portland Is here
for an indefinite stay with her cousin.
Miss Hattie Peters, 1142 Golden Gate
Mrs. Sibyl Blum and Miss Helene Bren
ner have returned from an extended trip
to Santa Cruz. San Jose and Monterey.
Dr Carroll Thrasher returned to the
citv a few days ago from a two months'
hunting and fishing trip on the Upper
Mrs Portland C. Hunt (nee Nash) ar
rived from the East last week and is the
guest of Mrs. J. F. Kenny. S19^ Dolores
St Mrs.' Guilfoyle, Misses Margaret and
! Marie Guilfoyle. Minnie and Ella Coffey.
'. Lottie McKnight and Mrs. Donohue are
| spending their vacation at \ alley \ lew,
i Sonoma County.
During the past month Mrs. B. W
i Paulsen has been making her headquart
! ers at Dresden. When last heard from
she was attending the Passion Play at
°M r fs m BeYl filler of Nevada City is
visi'ing her sister. Mrs. S. C. Grecnberg,
I at 1104A Devlsadero street.
I -
At tbe Resorts
CORONADO— Among San Franciscans
who have returned north after a couple
of months at Hotel del Coronado are:
Mrs Charles Moses, Mrs. C. F. Mullens,
Miss Maude Mullens. Miss Friedlander,
MIes Bowie, Mr. axid Mrs. Lippman Sachs,
Mrs. Heller, children and maid, Mr. and
Mrs. Juda Newman and family, Mr. and
Mrs. Bachman. :«'.
Mr. and Mrs. Raphael Peixotto return
to San Francisco on nextTuesday'ssteam
er having spent seven weeks at Hotel del
Coronado. Eastace Peixotto also returns
north on the above date.
Mrs. Anson P. Stephens gave a very
pretty luncheon party Tuesday in honor
of San Diego friends.
Mrs C D. Cook, Miss Cook. D. D. Cook
and Master Ellis Cook axe at present in
San Francisco.
Mrs, Bray, O. H. Bray and S. W . Bray
left for the north Tuesday.
Mr and Mrs. George H. Ballou. Mr. axid
Mrs. G. N. Holcomb, Miss Ballou, Miss
Holcomb and the Misses Hoover of San
Diego gave a tenting party at Camp Cor
onado last week.
George L. Lawson pave a dinner party
Thursday at the hotel. Covers were laid
for twelve. u'^-.r
Mr. and Mrs. George M. McKenzie axe
at Coronado after an. extended northern
trip.
Mrs. James Lockett, wife of Colonel
James Lockett, gave a dinner party
Thursday. »
A. H. Payson, son and daughter, of San
Francisco, are at Coronado for a seaside
visit.
BYRON" HOT SPRINGS— The following:
fuests are registered at Byron Hot
prings: From San Francisco— Phillip
Oppenhelm, Sam Newman, Mrs. Quinn,
S. A. Blimmberg. E. S. Horst. Thomas- J.
Healv, M. Rosenberg-, C. J. Paddock and
wife, John Graf, Master Olsen,
Miss Heino. Mrs. M. O'Brien, Miss C.
Casey. E. F. Burnes, W. P. Peterson,
Mi«=s Adeline Roddy. R.- Warren Lucy.
Mrs. T. Townsend. I. Poly. Mrs. A. Hoge
and daughter. John Dougherty, A. Ander
?on. Mrs. E. C. Horst, Mrs. T. L. Bender,
T. McGowan, Charles Matthaes, B. Dem-
Ings. Dr. Edgar Dinkelspeil. Miss A. Mc-
Closkey. Ike Flakenstein. Louisa G. liar
chal. Frank H. Maloney, Mrs. A- Sartons,
Adolph Meyer, B. Roman, H. Salsburg,
II. C. Wilson. Miss Covert. Mrs. P. Op
penheim. Miss Louise Kuhn. F:
Tokler. J. Harry Brennan. Miss A. Hil
burn, Mrs. M. Rosenberg. Mrs. A. J.
Ovarza, Alex Olsen, Mrs. Dr. J. Heino,
Charles H.. Miller. Miss O'Brien. Miss
Annie Casey. Dr. George M. Terrill, M.
Peterson. Miss Roddy, F. H. Dowling-, Ed
Granz, W. Manning, A. Mantke, Mrs. J.
Dougherty, Mrs. A. Olsen. Mrs. M. A.
Roberts, J. Wilson. Mrs. A. Gross, J. H.
Cutter, Mrs. B. Demings. Miss S.' Mc-
Closkev, M. Long, Georgre Ottson, Nellie
A. Maloney, William Quinn, George W.
Duff. Sam McKelvey, Mr. and Mrs.
Boldeman. A. Olson. H. -J. Hechtman,
wife and child; G. " W. Gwlnn.
From Fresno— George Pickford. George
Machen. Clara Granz, Nicholas Kullacha,
Mrs. W. M. Wyatt. Mrs. -A. C. Rusch
haupt. Mrs. M. Saier. From Oakland — J.
J. Eagan, Hiss Harkinson, F. -E. English,
Mrs. C. Harkinson. D. D. Harkinson.
From Australia— A. Browne. From Berke-
ley — J. J. Stone. From Sausalito— Jacob
Strittmater. From Grass Valley — Richard
Wedlock, W. D. Harris and wife, -Josiah
Glasson. From Sacramento— Joseph Stef
fens, J. W. Marsh, Mrs. J. Steffens. From
E. McGrath, S. I.ebenbaum. Fred Levers, ;
Sergeant J. H. Helms. P. Richter. J. P.. |
Cavanaueh, A. O. Miller, James Walsh,
Charles TV. Mulloy. Felix Coblentz, Julius
Rosenberg. Mr. and Mr?. L. Du=lnbery. ;
Miss M. Dusinbery, Mr. and Mrs. Curlett.
Bthel Curlett. Mr. and Mrs. M«any. Miss I
Annie Meany. H. F. Marks, Mrs.'Maler, '
Miss Maier, Steven Bizzolara. J. H. Hoff
man. C A. Mackey. J. A. Desman. William \
I^aib. George L. DeaJey. Raymond French.
S, Maurice Simon. San Francisco; H. P.
Schneider and wife. Juliana Foard. Nellie ;
Owsley. Alameda; W. T. Farlev, S-\n !
Rafael: Mamie Nendeck. Hay ward?: Mi?s
McCleave, Miss Lulu C. Bartlett. William
McCleave, Berkeley: E. D. Polk. Henry
Lewla and wife, O. Richardson. Oakland:
Mr, ard Mrs. G. L. Johnson. Fresno. The ,
shuffieboard contest was decided in favor |
of Mr. Cavanaugh and Miss Metcalf, and
the cakewalk contest in favor of Miss !
Grace Richardson and S. Brlzzolara.
THE GEYSERS— The list of arrivals at \
Geyser Springs during- the past week in- ;
eludes: R. S. Goldman, Mrs. A. M. Armer, i
M. E. Keepan. A. M. Armer. Elizabeth J. i
Gllles, ifrs. H. Goldman. Margaret B. !
Grav. Daniel Bert, Edna Rushinpr. Alice i
A. Belau. L. G. Levy. Edwin A Turner.
Mls« M. P. Webster. Miss Addie Lewis, !
J. W. Oiidw;»ll, .ToF,»pH Iou"hnan. Es- !
telle Everette, Mrs. J. F. Sv.asey ar.d
children. \V. J. Garrick. Joe Jones Miss
Craft; E. S. Simpson. W. R, Wheeler and :
wife, A. H. Yordl. 3ohn F. McG'.nty. Ar- j
thur T. McGinty. J. Joseph Geary. Miss L. !
Geary, John W. McDunald Jr., 'Edgar A. \
; Behlow. Lyle Ghirarde'ili, Dr. ,J. H. I
Graves, J. H. Boyscn, Mrg. C. J. Behlow.
aflss A. Gicrist, R. E. B«-hlow, W. J. Beh- '
low. H. T. Behlow, Ix»well Lvons. P. Hen- :
nessy. Miss May O'Toole, Miss Marcel'a ,
Barry, Miss R. Stetnhart. Miss Hilda '<
Stelnhart. Jesse H. Steinhart, J. M. Sea- j
well and wife, San Francisco: George E. j
Plummer and wife. Alameda: Irene Kel
lett. Calistoga: Elizabeth Smead, Mrs. W. '
P. Dougherty, San Jose: Meta E. Best.
C. A. Yordi, Margaret B. Gray. Oleta
Best, Bessie Best, Miss Flora Yordi Lora
Best. Mrs. E. Richards. Viola Best Clo- i
verdale; Mrs. Laura Wrisht. Eliza
beta L. Wright. Honolulu; G. W, Patter-
BOO and wife, Stockton; E. F. Davis. Glen
Brook; Jor? Jones. Geyserville; Colonel ¦
Mupe. Miss Ellis, the Misses Miller Miss
McDonald. Mr. McDonald. Mare Island";
Mr. Beuret. Flint. Mich.: Robert W. Mur- i
; phy. Mrs. A. E. Omey, Miss Louise Omey '
Oakland: Louis G. Dreyfus, wife and fam
ily. Santa Barbara: Mr. and Mrs. G. M.
! Williams, Mr. and Mrs. F. R. Gullin Mr< I
| W. P. Dougherty.' children and nurse'.
¦ Miss Keefe, Santa Rosa.
j HOTEL VENDOME— Arrivals at the i
i Hotel vendome. San Jose, include: Rev j
| J. I>. O'Nell, Mrs. C. A. Buckbee. M's«
Buckbee. T. W. Brown. Mr. and Mrs |
! George H. Robinson, D. W. Graves, A. O. !
j Freeman, Thomas J. Crothers, Georpe E i
Crothers. Mrs. J. F. HaJloran. W. H.
| King, C. G. Hooker. Mrs. C. G. Hooker.
I. H. Ackerman. Lloyd S. Ackerman, L
C. Leventritt. Mrs. A. L. Lanpfeld and
son, C. H. Bien. Beath P. Searight, G. R.
i Church, H. P. Cottingham, Ivan F
j Treadwell. John E. Serve, Mrs. A. Straus
Major J. I>. Hail. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
j M. Loewe. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Bachman,
C. H. McCormack, W. H. Stinson. J. R
K. Nuttall. R. B. Wallace, Mrs^ William
! T. Wallace, Dr. J. O. Hirschfeider and
j wife. Dr. A. L. Langfeld. Charles W.
Pike, Mrs. C. M. Keeney, William Alvord.
James Otis. Miss Cera M. Otis. Mips Fred
erica M. Otis. N. C. Clarke and wife. L. P.
; Lowe, A. B. Stevens, L. C. Clark. Pelham
) AV. Ames, Mrs. F. C. Davies, Miss Davies. I
j S. E. Epler, W. W. Hutchinson, William '
1 B. Foreman. P. W. Treat, C. F. Briggs
and wife, Mellvills Marx, Joseph Gottlob,
W. L. Townsend, Mrs. Anna E. Luhrs, !
Mrs. George Haas. Mrs. Luhrs Cutting,
Mrs. Rosalia Bararo, Dr. W. B. Lewitt
| and wife. F. C. Lewitt. Charles P. Hall, i
Mrs. L. Meyerstein. James C. Dunphv, W. <
Blackwell and wife. Miss Innes Spotts
Keenev and maid, Mrs. Henry Haight.
Miss Throckmorton, O. H. Neibel and
wife. Mrs. Charles E. Chapman, Mrs.
Brough. O. M. Tupper. Miss Holje. "W". H.
Davenport, Miss Davenport, San Fran-
Cisco; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sutton, MioS :
Carmen Sutton. Mrs. John Deane, Miss
Deane, Dr. A. K. Crawford. G. L. King.
Mrs. S. C. Bruce, Mrs. F. C. Preble,
George G. Winchester, James Cahlll and
wife. Oakland: W. J. Flynn, C. H.
Schramm. O. A. Field. Mrs. O. A- FHeld.
Miss Luretta Field. St. Louis; D. H. Ar
nold, Mrs. D. H. Arnold. Miss G. J. Ar
nold, Colusa: Colonel E. G. Wheeler, J. P.
Forrest. G. F. Belden. J. H.Belden. B. M.
Solomon and wife. Dr. W. . F. Graham. F %
H. Davis, Hon. Brewster Cameron and
wife Miss Hellen Cameron, Miss Martha
Cameron. C. D. Stevens, Henry Miller,
W D. Squires. Dr. Charles Phelps and
wife New York: Mr. and Mrs. A. Robin
son and family. Mrs. H. S. Robinson. Miss
J S Gay, Miss E. Gay and two servants,
Honolulu; Mrs. J/M. Wesley, Mrs. J. W.
Weslev. Los Angeles; Mrs. Leigh Rich
mord "Smith. Miss Isabel Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Glenuennlng, Mr. and Mrs. C.
B. Turner, Santa Clara; Captain John B.
Jeffery. Washington.
WALDRUHE— Arrivals of the past
week at Waldruhe include: Mrs. C. Wle
eand Miss C. Wiegand, Miss Fanny
Hume, Mr. and Mrs. G. Tandy. San Fran
cisco- Mr. fvid Mrs. James Sidey, Miss L.
Sidev, Alameda: Mrs. H. Dearsen, Miss
Pearl Schlueter. Oakland; Miss Helen
Bernard, San Francisco: .
BLUE LAKES— The following guests
registered at Blue Lakes during the past
week* From San Francisco — J. Walsh. L.
C Brown, R. E. French, Charles Grafe,
Edward Collipan and wife, J. Hofman. J.
M Israel. George Luedke, Harold B. Ro
senberrv. F". H. Mucker, J. L. Lengfeld.
\ H. Greenebaum. From San Rafael —
W. H. Farley. From Petaluma— N. Neu
berger.
GILROY— The following guests regis
tered a.t Gilroy during the past week:
From San Francisco — Mrs. Emma W.
Brown and maid, C. E. Fredericks and
wife, Kate Miner. Joseph McEvoy, James
Fav, Miss Gwendolen Fay, Ivan Tread
well. J. B. Moraghan. S. P. Topp, Mrs.. I*
Borella. C. Leonard. L. W^aschle. Mrs. B.
C. Lent, J. B. Walton, John Schroeder, T.
K. Kelly, Mrs. C. Jones. From Oakland-
Miss Lillian • Peterson. From Berkeley —
Miss Effie Reeve. .Miss Rena Reeve, Miss
Florence Reeve. From San Jose — Miss
Kate Haggerty.W. Evans Dent. Mrs. P.
Carey. G. B. Joubert. From Chicago—
George "\V. Cavanasrh. From New York
— Peter Dltmore. From Brooklyn — Frank
Murasky. From San Diego— Mrs. S. Simp
son. From Sargent— Mrs. J. A. Sargent.
From Arroyo Grande — Oscar Eldridge,
From Neman — Mrs. C. D. Paulsen, Clar
ence Paulsen. Sara Elisa Paulsen. From
Menlo Park— P. Larricon. > From; Monte
rey—E. H- Wllley. From Gilroy— Mls3
Mme. L. A. Sorbler. Iflss Ocile Sorbler.
Mrs. M. Briton. W. II. Gilveo-. J. M-
Macte. C. J. Faber. E. Berle. Max Sal
omcr;. Herbert S. Hawkins. MTs? E. A.
Hawkins. A. R. MacDonald, Alex Mac-
Dor.aid. Nelson Andrews, Alex Newman,
r»avid Ro c er>erjr. J. R. r*votn. L. H.
CoJeman. F. H. Abbott. J. W. Hosran. San
Francisco; W. F. Price. Santa Bosa.
SARATOGA SPRING5-The following
truests registered at Saratoga Springs
during- the past week: C." Mcl/oud. Mr«.
M. Levy. Mrs. L. J. Morris. Mrs. A. E.
Owen. Miss Man.ierville, Mr. and Mrs. M.
J. Kauffxnan, Mi?s Elsa Loupe, Miss A.
Springfleld, Ohlo-Edw. Kennane. Itrom
Haywards-R. C, Rasmussen. From
Bruceville— Mrs. M. Kcene. I; rom V al
lejo—Mrs. Combs. Miss Crosby. V rom
Horst— P. M. Booney. From Angels—
James Grennen, G. C. Cato. I 1 rom I leas
anton—M. A. Donohoe. From Tracey-J^.
Curran. From Sulsun— N. V. Macill. X rom
Livermore— Ernest Poblltz, Maud Cpilo
gan, Thomas Hansen, Mao' Coogan. B rom
Piedmont-Mrs. S. W. Haynes. *rom Al
tamont—John Elliot. . .
ROWAHDENNAN- Hotel Rowardennan
arrivals Include: Mrs. William Manning.
Miss Edith Manning, Mrs. S. J. Hanchett.
Thomas H. Nichols. M. W. Drown. J. L.
Bradbury, Mrs. Mabel Kearney, Mary K.
Parks, Jessie M. Parks, Charlotte L.
Parks, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Husband
Fletcher Husband. Bert Husband, Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Lally, Mr. and Mrs. E. o
Reiser; A. Hochsteln.. Elliott bnow .
U. S. X.. Mrs. Elliott M. Snow, Stanley
Carman Snow, W. H. Deming, Mrs v f *"• ~"
Davles, Miss Davies. Mrs. R. . C. »auzy.
Miss A. Z. Mauzy. Dr. and
Lewitt. Miss M. Lewitt. Charles 1 . us
good and wife.-H. E. Owner. \V. G. Ot
schlg, W. J. Davis, J. N. Russell, Mrs.
! BrewBter Cameron* Miss Cameron A:, M rf r ;
itha Cameron. Mrs. A. D. Cross, children
and maid. Miss Hirsehey. MJss.SparhawK.
A. W. Knox. A. IX Cross. W .
and wife, San Francisco: MrsVV. J. v>ii
son. Mrs. W. H. Sterling^ Miss Marion
Sterling. Sam Bell McKee. Jjeorge AV. JMC-
Near Jr.. A. S. Macdonald. Dr. "-**,-
Mauzy. Miss E. Hesse. Miss B.^Hesse,
Miss F. Hesse. V- p - Selby. Mrs^TV^.GU-
Ian and son. H V L. bright. Oakland
Charles M. Cadman. George U. S??*^
and three children, Alameda: \%. «.
Smyth. Mrs. XV. H. Smyth. Dr. E. M.
Keys, Berkeley : F. L. Drisgs Honolulu.
H."L: Mr. and Mrs. Frank Johnson L.
Johnson. San Rafael: J. E. Auzerais M:ss
M. Andrews. Mrs. B. Miles »*££'
Miss B. Lewis, Miss B. Miles.
Charles P. Hall. Mrs. 1-anny Bow
man Hall. Miss M. Jamison. J. I* Buell,
Mrs. I^ouise Auzerais. San Jose; K. A.
Johnson. Piedmont; V. E. Shaw and wife.
Miss Ethel Shaw. Miss Alice Shaw Par
ker Shaw. Mrs. A. Parker. San Diepo;
Mrs. Minnie H. Donald. Now \ork Utv;
Miss E. C. McDoug&U. Mare Island: t».
McCuen. Arcadia: Robert G. Barton. Miss
Scott. Fresno: Mrs. C. P. Woolworth,
Santn Cruz; Mrs. F. W. Vldalle, Los An
peles; Mrs. MacKenzie. Santa Crus: B.
M. Graham: Sncramento; A. C. Stout and
wife. Henldsburp.
CALIFORNIA HOT ?PRIN*C.S-Th? fol
lowin? gfuests rcjrfstered a: California Hot
Fprinp-s cijirinc the pas: w*«V: Mr. and
Mrs. E. P. Clayburgh. S. T- Bravennan,
Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Graham of South
Flower street, with their son. Harold;
have gene East to visit friends and rel-
Mrs, Robert J. Doyle gave a reception
on Tuesday afternoon in honor of her
daughter. Mrs. William F. Lloyd, at her
residence In West Thirty-sixth street.
The evening -was also greatly enjoyed.
The home was very prettily decorated
with carnations, sweet peas and pitted
plants. Mrs. Doyle was assisted in re
ceiving by Mrs. C. P. Dandy and Mr. ar.d
Mrs. Thomas Llovd. A number of. young
ladies assisted in the dining room. Among
them were: Misses Mabel Lloyd, Grace
Phillips. Georgia Neuhardt and Bertha
Roth. ~ ¦_'¦¦¦ .
Miss Daisy E. Prewitt was married on
Sunday afternoon to William Higley at
the residence of the groom's mother on
East First street, the Rev. William A.
Knighten officiating. The bride was very
becomingly attired in a gown of white
mull trimmed in ribbons and lace. Mrs.
White, a sister of the groom, acted as
matron of honor, while C. L. Rose was
best man. Only a few most intimate
friends and the relatives of the bride were
present at the wedding. An elaborate
dinner -was served. Mr. and Mrs. Hisley
will spend their honeymoon in visiting
cities in Southern California, and will
then make their home in Randsburg,
where the groom is in the mining busi
ness.
Mlsa Lavilla C. Marsh and John S. Datr
son were married on Saturday morning In
the Church of the Angels. Garvanza. by
the Rev. C J. French. The church was
very prettily decorated with flowers and
white ribbons. The bride wore a gown of
white silk mull, trimmed in ribbons and
lace. The bridal party was unattended
and only relatives were present. An elab
orate breakfast was served at the home
of the bride en. West Twenty-ninth street,
this city. Mr. and Mrs. Dawson left im
mediately for Vancouver, B. C, where
they will make their home.
Miss Grace Hellman's engagement to
Count de Pont of the French court has
been announced in New York. Miss Hell
man was very- popular in this city last
summer and made many friends. Her pa
rents. Mr. and Mrs. I. Hellman, will ac
company Count de Pont and their daugh
ter to Europe, where they expect to re
main for some time.
The Misses Helen Satterlee. Louise Sat
terlee and Grace Shoemaker of Chicago,
with Mrs. Jennie Satterlee as chaperon,
left this week for Catalina, where they
wil! .«rend a few weeks at. Miss Shoe
maker's cottage.
Mrs. II. T. Lee gave a very pleasant re
ception on Saturday afternoon at her
home on West Twenty-eight street in
honor of Mrs. Jirah Cole of Chicago, who
is visiting Jn this city for the summer.
She was formally a member of the Treble
Clef Club. Mrs. Lee was at the same time
president of the club, and entertained the
original members and new ones, besides a
number of musical persons. A very
charming impromptu programme was
rendered.
Miss Burnette of Twenty-fifth avenue
entertained a number of friends on Fri
day evening. The time was very pleas
antly spent with music and games. Cards
were also indulged in. Miss Pearl Ran
dolph won the first prize and George
Leavers the consolation prize. Among
those present were: The Misses Anna
Ford. Pearl Randolph. May Burdette,
May Collins, Anna Campbell. Messrs. Em
ery Ireland, Harry Connalr, Jame<»
Brown. Charles Blanke and George R.
Leavers.
Miss Ada Carson was given a farewell
party on Wednesday evening at Lindley
Hall on Sixteenth street as a courtesy be
fore her departure to Sacramento, where
she will in the future reside. Among
those present were: Misses Ware Vale
Boyd. Phillips, McGee, Thurner, Basser
man, Scholtz. Golmer, Bruineton, Dare
Bruington. Hagenbaugh, Yorba, Owens
Hoedel, Williams. Dominquez. Belcher'
Wicks. Dewey. Ingle, McMannon and Mrs*
Bell; Messrs. Orrill, Stamps. Schilling""
Wallace, Erodek. Morgan, Yorba
Whomes, Morton. Mullar. Young. McClin
tock, Sylvester. McGarvln. Gilkey Van
Pelt. Hoedel. -Morton. Griswold, "Crimp
Laventhal. Beckers, Carberry and V..er
sor. ¦ .¦•, -¦¦.--:¦'-
Mrs. A. J. Corker gave a dinner on
Thursday evening at her home, followed
by an elaborate dinner. Among those
present were: Mmes. C. A. Smith. S. P.
Durand. Kate Rardon. Misses Purle Bot
tcmes, Mabel Mellette. Jennie Mellette.
Winifred Peters. Fred Athern, S. P Du
rand, Oscar Lawlor and C. A. Smith
Miss Edith Grace entertained a few
friends on Friday evening at her home on
Bonnie Brae street. The t-venins was
spent in sinjnng and dancing. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Her
bold. Mr. and Mrs. Groce. Misses Laura
Lane, Laura Freiles. Jessie Phar, Edith
Groce, Olive Learned. Winifred Lampson.
Susie I.eichman. Ethel Stiles, Henry
Moore, Ray Tournoux. George Holliday,
William Asch and Jack Moore.
Miss Janet Graham entertained the Qul
Vive Club on Tuesday evening with pro
gressive v ( h!st at her home on South
Flower street. Mrs. Charles Clarke and
Edward Graham won first prizes, the con
solations falling: to Miss Graham and Otto
Newcomb. Amcng those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Oliver. Mr. and Mrs.
Whitmgton. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Clarke.
Misses Alice Atwell. Florence Oliver.
Maud Hill. Gertrude Venning- and Mae
Friel. Walter Wren, Dr. P. M. McArthur.
William Graham. Mr. Weber. Robert
Relchart. Raymond Venning, Otto New
comb and Henry Stewart.
Mrs. Hugo Rrnndcrs (n?o Edlomnn) of
Omaha! who Is Vtsltlmr her aunt. Mrs. W.
L. Barnctt of Flower • street, was the
pum of honor on Thursday evening nt an
Informal dinner Riven by 53r. and Mrs. D.
K. Wise of Grand avenue. The evcnlns
vras very pleasantly spent by playlns
whist. The guests were: Judpo and Mrs.
Cheney. Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Koepkll. Mr.
and Mrs.- J. W. Mitchell. Mrs. Andrew
Casey. Mrs. Burnett. Mrs. H. Jacoby and
t^e Misses Katl-erlne Casey. O'Neill and
IOItta Jacoby.
Mrs Archibald Douglass of Pasaaeno
avenue entertained a cumber of youns
people at a lawn party on Friday after
noon In honor of her little daughter Mar
caret's birthday anniversary. Games on
the lawn, an elaborate supper and a birth
day cake were pleasant for the children.
Little fancy boxes of randy were dis
tributed among the guests. Those present
were: Janrt Rowland. Gladyce Cole.
Natalie Cole. Dot Mosher, Marjorie
Mosher. Haze! Barlow. Maudie Oreeta.
Chcsney Carver. Cartney Carver and
Frank and Ben Douglass,
Miss Alma Apffel of Maple avenue gave
a very pleasant reception and musicale on
Tuesday evening in honor of her sister,
Mme. Bradford Peck of San Francisco.
Many pleasant selections were rendered
by Mme. Peek. Charles P. Stautter. R. F.
Ropers. Godfrey Edwards wn.l Mrs. Cyrus
Donato. AmonR those presnt were:
Misses Hilda Olshausen. Dena Metzr.er.
Elsa Olshausen. Ruby Xoyes and Delia
Metzner; Mme*. Wilfred Dcnato, EJ
Schmitz. Professor Stevlein. V. W. Guer
cio and Williamson; Messrs. Williamson.
William Metzner. John Foley. V. W.
Guercio. Cyrus Donato, L. W. Burdette
and Wilfred T'onato. A very pleasant
evening was sp<rnt. refreshments beins
served during the intermissions.
Mrs. Barrett of Constance street gave
a very enjoyable whist party on Wednes
day evening in honor of her daughter.
Miss Agnes, who is home from Sacra
mento on a short visit. An elaborate sup
per was served. Amons these present
were: Missis Eunice Harris, May Smith.
Georpie Ncvrhajdt, Justine Newhardt,
Adah Zualey. Agnes White and Alice Bar
rett, and Messrs. Bert P.uss. Francis
Peifer, Stanley Harris, Aubrey Austin.
Harvey Waterman, Gfcorge Parker and
Shirley Holt.
Lcs flngclcs
Anna Mayook; MJss tole'jjtortto^Mn'fjg;
P Fine, M)«h Bertha , Fine; Bro Me-
Fathend Miss Oenevla Keaton, W**
Katie Fisher, Mr. and Mrt?HW«ri AngR
Prlncevalle. Maggie Mctarland, M. »•
Ellis. C. Pollard. ..„ _ n/ ,pnt
arrivals at Werner Villa. Glen BUen/aW
the following: Miss Florence Rou«e- %*.
W r Rourke. Miss Olympla Ararablde. ur
Ed Finn. Mrs. Charles jg^iSSSSS
Baker Mr Bizer Mr. Cliff. Mrs^mey
noldsf'jack Reynolds. Miss Tilll? Olandt
Mr. and Mrs. Olandt and eMtOgV***
Hammersmith. Mrs. Rush, the Miese. an_
Master Rush. Mrs. Walter L. Dora; Mi"
Hayes. Miss Johnson. Miss Sal He m-
Quade, Mrs. Duncan. Gerald O Brlen, JO
p^ph O'Brien. Lieutenant McCarthy
Thomas* Bourke, Jlw. Casey Mrs. Me-
Vey. Alfred Durbrow, Mrs. Ross Dar
brow. Man O'Donnell. M'ss Minn e Me
vens, the Misses Lizzie and Mae Rlordan.
Miss Lucy Klynn. Andrew J? lynn. t..e
Misses Harris. Mr. and Mrs. John Finn.
Mrs. Bustede. Miss Bustede. Mr. Bedford.
Captain Charles Goodell. Mr. Freus. \V 11
11am F. SchaefTer. Mrs. Sinter Mrs Col
by. Miss White. Mr. von bchmidt. Dr
Clinton Moss. Count von Pchacffer nn.1
party. Cantain Don Ryan. Mr. and Mrs.
Hagen Miss Matthews. Mr. ond Mrs.
Fhrenan and family. Mr. a-.d Mrs. J- II.
Callahani H;irry Callahan. Mervln J. Cal
laban. Mn??cr Raymon CaUnhan, Mr. ami
Mrs. J. IT. Moiraa; Mrs. J. Coblne; Mr. innl
Mrs. C Brnnnsran. A. J. Branegan; MIM
K. Brwnasan. Raymond Pmionii. Mrs. J.
J. Sullivan, Ml«a Emma Sullivan. M ss
KUwbcth Sullivan; Miss Grace Sullivan,
Master \VHU* SuHlvan, Thomna Murphy!
Mrs. I.n RaufT, Mis^ Stella Tjx Bautt. MtM
Annf« Fennel. <»ua Heumbusgr, M'w Ktnoi
Duncan and Mr. and Mrs. Charlcf ivon
hoff. Miss Mario Cobinc. Miss Anita L0-
Mne.
mr tttt v on moo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, -1JUO._
34
SOCIETY
AX>VEllTISE2(tE2rrS.
9 «o««oo««©9«eo««««9*e«e»»eee39888oeeo9oooo33o
I SECOND WEEK |
I CLEARANCE SALE ! I
I REMARKABLE REDUCTIONS 1
§ IN THE FOLLOWING LINES: g
§ LADIES" TAILOR-MADE SUITS reduced from J1S to.. %
§ LADIES'" ¦taiLo'r-MADe' SUITS reduced from *~*> t0 - °
* FINEALY^vi^ S^'.OO »
O io 12.-' unreduced -to ; *;•"'* j J»» «^. jZ>l O
© ALL-WOOL JACKETS, with capes, for a^es <>. s. 0 ,wl S&^-QC/ ?->
O l!». reduced to r»» »
O CAPE with hood or yoke for ages S. 9. 10. 1- at Zx$$ ,Z3€j 9
© GOLp"cAPiis'at'$3.'$3.^. Jl.M. 55 and -•••• £&{5 rnQd %
O ShVrtVwAISTS reduced from $1 to 5O° 5
j» • •••
O MOl'lKKN "iTNOKUSKIRTS reduced from fl.23 to (35° ®
% tt5-l'mh "'iuLuVlC 'cRErON reduced from Jl to -- c ©
S 4S-lnch niVuE 'SERGE. dark' and llsht shades, reduced from to *5^ c e
5 BELEcfA^UNiNGS reduced to V&.C-. MOREEN LININGS re- /^>' c o
g duced to M£~2 J
| 1146 Market Street. %
Anita Cream is a medicinal preparation which, not only re- g.
C$ moves tsn and freckles, but eradicates blotches, liver patches, pim-
5* pies and all discolorations of the skin. It is highly recommended g
S by physicians and dermatologists. It contains nothing injurious &
*2 jot unpleasant
Anita Cream will transform a muddy or weather-stained.
C$ complexion to its original transparency and clearness. S.
« Anita Cream actually "coaxes a new skin" to the surface J£
by moving the outer cuticle in small dust-like particles without in- ' *r
convenience. ¦ . $*r
~2 An/fa Cream can be had at all druc stores or direct from &
§ us for 50c ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO., 207 Franklin &
<^$ St., Los Anjeles, Cal. >L
I Mrs. Nettie Harrison's!
In CP1S " a ' r I
r a y%JfRestorerl
} Actually Restores 6DAY 0D FADED Hair t»7
| Its youthful looks la f OUR DAYS. Xet a dye. :
; Is pleasant to use $1 a bottle, ail drag- i
; gists. 1 FBEE treataeat to all purchasers. •
! MRS. NETTIE HARRISON. j
; Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.S.F. I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all ether facial blemish?* ar» received r-»
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Doaohoe
buiMing. 1173 Market street, ccr. Taylor, room*
»-». with the electric needle without pala or
scar. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 jl nu
Wbat the World's Grtattst Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the Sila FocxS tsj Tissue Baildtr,
BRAHMAN r— i
TOILET CREAM: w^^f^
•'i certainly can r*c^—.- *^ 5^*'**-*'^^
Brahman Toilet Cream t^Cfcfc^'XyP
a« the best thine for Its VCy-'S 4 -^s^is- «3j
purpose I have eT - r T *1SS
used." Price. lie. Braa- dOSS "XSteS?'
nan Tooth Po\rjer, 2^. SSil «S3kS>
£ n ee fi o? relSta » A ai k^£g#^
A. VC. Traverse. M. D. * ' '"SB^^rs> Er^tsne\ Bsftlrt. BartMt street nea
Twesty-th'.rd-Rev. J. George Gibson.
rirrt Baptirt. Eddy • rtrect - Tr . b « tw^5-i5 1 aVen "
worth ana Jones— P-ev. E. A. T\ oods.
' _____———
Firrt Free Bar? '•«¦*• Bu»>h street, near Hyde-
Rev. 1^. W. Simmons. ••.
Ft Fra.r.c!s com'r Montgomery avenue and
Vallejo street— Rev. Father T. Caraher.
ct Ma.n-'« Cathedral, northwest corner of
Van NeM avenue and OFarrell street-
Rev. Father Prenderrast. V. G.
St. Imtius. Hayes ftreet. between Van
Ws avenue and Frasklin street-Jesuit
Fathers.
St. Mitt's, California an2 Dupont streets
*~ JeFUlt Fathers.
Lyke>. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street—
TMrfl Tor.rrvpatlcnal. Fifteenth street, near
iliLon-Rev. William Rader.
Coo&te. ,
Olivet Conditional ft.vent*entb and
Noe eli-pet?— Rev. \N . T. gnepajq.
Fir* rfcrtoian. Twelfth street. »«twe«
Howard and Mission-Rev. F. fr. Ford.
T-lritv Episcopal, corner Bush and Gougrh
eueetf-hev. Frederick W. dampen.
Emar.ucl Evangelical Twelfth street be
tww n , Market and Miss-ion— W. H. Alt-
First K.-ielish Lythcraa. Geary strwt, be
tw~n Oough and Octa.via-R>v. E. Ne
la.nder.
Howard Ftreet Methodist Eplfcopal. How
ard sir^t between Second and Third
lie-.-. John A. B. Wilson.
Simp— i Memorial Methodist Episcopal.
Heyo* and Buchanan ttreets— Rev. Jonn
Btewmrt Mf-morlal. United Presbyterian.
Ouerrero street, near Twenty-third— Re% -
W. E. Dusan.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness ave
nue and Kacramfnto street— Rev. R. Mac
kenzie.
FJrst United' Presbyterian, Gold»n Gate ave
nue ami Polk ctreet— Rev. H. H. Bell.
Ca! vary Preet> yterian. * comer Powell and
G«*ary streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 220 Sutler
ptrect. between Kearny and Grant avenue.
The Bible and Science and Health, with
Jtejrs to the Scripture*.
Tour.g Men's Christian Association, Ellis
and _La_ion «tree_»—
¦ *- ; " v
t Morning— "The First Ministry-" Evening—
They Follow the Lamb."
Morning*— "Kno»-lnR the Scriptures." Even
ing — "Remember." to be followed by bap
tism.
McrninK— "The Riches of Christ." Even
ins — Preaching bj- Rev. W. E. Reed.
Morning— Rov. Father Caraher will preach
at late mass upen "St. Francis and the
Portlnuncula. Indulgence." Evening—Ves
pers.
Morning— His Grace, the most Rev. Arch
bishop, will assist at solemn high mass at
11 o'clock and will deliver sermon. Even-
Ins — Sermon by Rew E. P. Demiwey, fol
: lowed by ve»x>ers and benediction.
Morning— Rev. Father Sasia will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers,
followed by discourse by Rev. Father J. J
Fotd.
Morning— Sermon by one of the fathers at 11
o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers and ser
mon.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. T. J. Mackay
of Omaha. Evening— Same.
Morning — "The Eloquence of the Listener."
Evening — "Unconscious Influence."
Morning— "Working and Shirking." Even
ing—"The Last Supper." /
Morning— Preaching by Rev. E. T>. Wedge
Evening— Same.
Morning— "Force of Character." Evening—
"Economy of Principle."
Morning-Preaching by Rev. B. H. Russell.
Evenlnc— Same.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. J. Charles
Roper j of Xew York. Evenlnsr— No ser
vices.
Morning— "Working Out Our Own Salva
tion." Evening— "The Fame of Zlon."
Sermon In English.
Mornlng-"Feeding the Five Thousand."
Evening— "The Unwearied Runner."
Morning— "Saving a Sacrifice." Evening—
"The Custody of tb© Keys to the Kingdom
of Heaven."
Morning— Preaching. Evening— "Has Christ
Had His Day?"
Morning — "Reconciliation and Salvation "
Evening — "The Pressure of God and That
of the Devil."
Morning— Rev. William Kirk Gutherie will
preach. Evening— Same.
Morning— "Securities In Our * Religion."
Evening— "Victor}'.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— "The Trend
of Thought at the Close of Our Century."
Mornlr.E-' 1 £pirit." "
At J:30 o'clock this afternoon Rev. Dr. Guth
erie of the First Presbyterian Church will
epeak on a special theme appropriate to
i . men. • - .
UGLY WOMAN'S CONFESSIONS.
The Duchess of Orleans on Her Own
Personal Looks.
Perhaps no woman was ever better rec
onciled to positive ugliness in her own
person than the Duchess of Orleans, the
mother of the Regent d'Orleans. who gov
erned France during the minority of Louis
XV. Thus she writes of her own appear
ance and manners:
.' "From my earliest years I was aware
how ordinary my appearance was, and did
not like that people should look at me
attentively. I never paid any attention
to dress, because diamonds and dress were
sure to attract attention. On great days
my husband used to make me rouge,
which I did greatly against my will. One
day I made the Countess Soissons laugh
heartily. She asked me why I never
turned my head when I passed a mirror
— evervbody else did. I answered. 'Be
cause* I have too much self love to bear
the sight of my own homeliness.' I must
have been very homely in my youth. I
had no sort of features, with little, twitch
ing eyes, a short, stub nose and long,
thick "lips. The»whole of my physiognomy
was far from attractive.
"My face was large, with fat cheeks,
and my figure was short and stumpy. In
short, I was a very homely sort of per
son. Except for the goodness of my dis
position, no one would have endured me.
It was impossible to discover anything
like intelligence in my eyes, except with a
microscope. Perhaps there was not on
the face of the earth such another pair
of ugly hands as mine. The King often
told me so, and set me laughing about
it for as I was quite sure of being ugly
I made up my mind to be always the first
to laugh at it. This succeeded very well,
thoagh I must confess it furnished me
with a good stock of materials for laugh-
e "One thing that always surprised me
was how anybody could ever fall in love
with me. I was notoriously the most
homely woman in the French court, and
vet I was only nineteen when I was mar
ried. I often asked my husband whether
my looks diu not repel him, and what
he saw in me that he should fall in love.
To my questions I have never received a
•satisfactory answer, but it seems to me
that other, qualities, in lack of beauty,
caused his attraction."— New Orleans Pic
ayune. "
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
ship and speaks volumes for the merit,
virtues an-d subtle influences of Odd Fel
lowship.
On the Eight of the 21st inst. the grand
matter in company with the grand secre
tary and Past Grand Master C N. Fox
vigited PetaJuma Lodge, where a tfam
from Napa Lodge conferred the initiatory
degree on the occasion of the lodge hold
ing its first meeting in its renovated hall.
The grand master is planning a series of
visits la the countie* of. Nevada, P!ufnas,
Plerra. Inyo and Mono, to commence
iibout August 7 and ending September 7.
A new encampment will be instituted at
Sr.elHng, Merced County, on the --?th of
August, and In the near future a new en
campment will be instituted, at -Niles, AJa
meda County.
Next Tuesday night Deputy C. L.
ler wsil install the officers of Wlldey and
1'nity encampments jointly. It is ex
pected that General John C. Smith of Illi
nois will b*» present. He is past grand
master, past prand patriarch and for
twenty-five years was grand scribe of Illi
nois, declining after a quarter of a cen
tury of service in that position to con
linue,
Parker I>rdge will Initiate three candi
dates r.*>xt Tuesday night.
On the r.ight of the 4th of August ther©
•wil! be a reception to the relief commit
tees from Sacramento. Stockton. San Jose
end Alam^da in this city.
Harbor Lodge of Oakland has changed
5ts place of meeting to the new Masonic
HsJl on Peralta street. A movement !s
rn foot to have a party on the last
Wednesday in August, to give an oppor
tunity to th<? Rebekah lodges of Oakland
to test the spring floor in the auditorium
for dancing purposes. A short literary
programme will be given, which will be
rr.f.re- attractive ty the elegant stage ap-
T>r.!r.trnents of the auditorium, which were
put in by the Hall Association at a cost
rt $5mG for the. accommodation of social
parties in West Oakland.
The E^bekahs.
The first of the entertainments to be
given by Loyal Lodge, under the new
corps of officers, of which Miss Emma
Erauer Js noble grand, will be given to
inorrow night in the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building. It will be in the
r.2ture of a dancing, icecream and cake
Focial.
Reports from 155 of the 237 Rebekah
lodges for the first ?5x months show a
pzln in almost every lodge. The net gain
during that period in the number of lodges
reported is 615. a most satisfactory show
ing that the membership has an interest
in the order.
The A. P. G. O. 6., to be given by Orien-
' become a place that the members like to I
; visit.
Olvmpia Grove at Its last held meeting j
! conferred the degree on half a dozen ap- ,
j plicants and received (.wo applications. Its j
i new hall is almost completed. It will be j
' dedicated by the grand officers about the j
I mindle of August.
¦ Guadaloupe Grove initiated three candi- i
I dates at Its last held meetinS: and pre- j
! sented a Druid's button to each candidate. I
It is the first grove to act upon the sug- j
I pestion that a button be given to each inl- |
I tiate.
1 Members of Frederick Sieg Grove of Oc- j
i cidental and of Dante Grove of Duncans |
j Mill visited Sempione Grove of Santa i
i Rosa at its last held meeting and Initiated j
' for It a large class of candidates. The i
! Santa Rosa grove will pay the groves j
j named a return visit.
At a recent meeting of Concordia Grove j
j of Stockton Past Arch G. Allegretto was ;
j the recipient from the grove of an elegant j
testimonial in recognition of his valuable I
j services to the grove during the seven [
| years of its existence. The presentation I
was by C. de Legle. N. A., of Stockton ;
Grove. A supper and speeches followed j
the presentation.
! Supreme Representative Ed Goetze will
I leave for Indianapolis, where the Supreme ;
! Grove Is to hold its session on the oth of j
August. He will be accompanied by his I
wife. Supreme Representative James F. J
Martinonl and James Hagan will leave
on the Sth. They will endeavor to obtain
a charter for a Grand Circle for Califor
nia.
The Uruidesses.
El Dorado Circle initiated three candi
dates at its meeting last Thursday. It
also elected six strangers, who will be Ini
tiated at the next meeting. After that ini
tiation ice cream and cakes will be served I
to all present. The picnic committee of j
this circle rer>orted that all arrangements
have been completed for the outing to and
picnic on the 12th of August at San Loren
zo grove.
Golden Gate circle at its last held meet-
Ing initiated Supreme Representatives
Goetze and Hagan and Mrs. E. Goetze.
After the ceremony there were a number
of speeches and there was considerable
talk on the prospects of a grand circle for
this State.
Farewell Luncheon.
Mrs. Esther C. Dunn, prominent In fra
ternal circles In this city, a member of |
the Women's Relief Corps, Ladies' Aux- I
iliary to the Sons of Veterans and the
Companions of the Forest, left this city
Order of Eastern Star.
The prand patron and the gTand matron
Instituted a new chapter at Windsor last
night. The new chapter that has been in
process cf organization in this city for
tome time past will be instituted on the
rii^ht of the 4th of August.
The grand matron will shortly pay offi
cial visits to the chapters of this district
On tne ISth of August the grand officers
vrlil pay a visit to Silver Star Chapter in
Unity.' Chapter of Oakland is making
!r.rg? additions to its membership. At the
last int-etinfr the chapter degrees were
conferred upon fix candidates. Associate
Matron Olines ronducting- the work. The
otficers were complimented on their pro
ficiency, and the chapter congratulated on
having the handsomest outfit for confer
ring the degrees in America. The many
beautiful accessories provided by the Al"
catraz Masonic Hail Association in con
r.octmn with the new Masonic Hall are
required and praised by all visitors to the
chapter Past Grand Matron
August D. Wi!?on on behalf of the chap
ter presented Mrs. Nelson with a hand
fome vase and iiowers in token of her
labors for the entertainment of the mem-
Ders and guests at the opening of the hall.
July 10. »-c
The Odd Fello-ws.
Grand Master W. W. Watson has re
turr.ed from a tour of visitations to the
ledges !n Plumas. Lassen, Modoc, Shasta
and Trinity counties. During his absence
the pra-id master had many long ar.d hard
etare rides, but little sleep between visits,
yet had a pleasant and instructive expen
enc«. He found the order In the northern
section cf the State prosperous and pro
gressive, the membership being composc.1
of the best and most representative men
in their respective communities. He found
the Interest in the order very great aii3
the membership enthusiastic. The lodges
ar.d the members individually in the woik
end teachings of the order compare
fa.v0r2.biy with that of lodges and mem
bers In other parts of the State. The
grand rr.aster was agreeably surprised to
note the interest manifested by the melu
bers ar.d the district deputies, also the
ainour.t of practical good work done by
The lodges and the proficiency of the offi
cers in the work. Many of the lodges in
That territory are fax distant from one
another, also far distant from the center
or Odd Fellowship; they do not have the
advantage of association of sojourning
Odd Fellows and seldom have the privi
lege of visits and instruction from grand
officers, yet under the many disadvant
ages the proficiency shown and the deep
Interest manifested in the work, teachings
end success of the order Is highly com
nie:idai>ie to that portion of the member-
tal Lofcge, on Wednesday evening next, to
Its many friends, has attracted a great
deal of attention in the order, and it is
t-xpected that there will be a large num
ber in attendance.
Past Masters, F. and A- M.
At the recent picnic of the Past Mas
ters' Association of the Free and Accept
ed Masons there were awarded a number
of prizes for races and contests, and all
of these, c-xcept those marked 227. TS4 and
M9, have been called for. The association
is anxious to deliver these to those en
titled to them.
The Elks.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Lodge Exalted Ruler Bonnet on be
half of the lodge presented to Ed Louis
son a life member's silver traveling card
and an artistically engrossed set of reso
lutions to remind him of the high esteem
in which he Is held by the membership.
The lodge that night received five appli
cations and initiated three candidates. W.
F. Pefkins and R. E. Miller, members ol
this lodge, are expected shortly from the
Paris Exposition. Messrs. Goodfriend and
Dannenbaum. ajso brothers of the lodge,
are In Nome, but will return in August.
Grand Esteemed Leading Knight J. O.
Reis will return to-morrow and will be
tendered a reception by San Francisco
Lodge on August 3. Delegate H. S. Man
ning will return in time to take part in
the programme that night. Among those
who will attend that reception -will be
Brothers Wi!ton Lackaye and Frawley.
San Jose Lodge is having a boom. Last
Wednesday nisht there were six initia
tions and fourteen applications. The
membership already reaches 143. The of
ficers say that it this continues there will
j=oon bo $19,000 in the treasury. The mem
bers are talking of buying a lot and build
ing a hall. , , ,
It is expected that lodges will be insti
tuted in Santa Rosa, Salinas and River
side during August. , _ .
Next Thursday evening Oakland Lodge
will tender a recaption to its delegate to
the Grand Lodge, 'George W. Reed.
The Druids.
Manzanita Grove, which a few months
ago was one of the "gone to sleep" sub
ordinates of the United Ancient Order of
Druids, Is one of the examples of what
energy well applied will do. A move
ment to build it up was started, members
were secured by the dozens and now It
has a membership that any grove might
feel proud of. numerically and otherwise.
A number of young, wideawake officers
were installed for the current term and
the result of the change Is apparent. The
meetings are made interesting and in
structive and the grove as It not* is has
Latest News of Fraternal Organizations.
of September for an entertainment and
prize bal masque. Among the features
will be an exhibition drill by Company L
of the . First California Volunteers, a
I cakewalk by fifty couples, electrical dis
play and six automobiles in the grand
march.
Last Thursday night Court Seal Rock
gave a complimentary entertainment and
dance in its hall in Pythian Castle, which
was attended by a large number of ladies
and gentlemen who accepted the invita
tions extended by this very pooular court.
The programme was an excellent one,
presented under the direction of an up-to
date committee, and the dance programme
that followed was well arranged.
Grand Chief Ranger Asher and Grand
Secretary Cordy instituted Court Donner
at Truckee last wtek with a good charter
list. This court was organized by S.
Bachrach.
Court United States of America of Oak
land will visit Court Magnolia in this
city at its next meeting for the purpose
of initiating candidates J'or it.
Court Acme will have "an entertainment
and. social in the Alcazar building on the
11th of Augusti
Court Washington will hold Its anniver
sary celebration on the 29th of August.
American Companions.
The officers of Golden Gate Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America,
were installed last week by Miss Alice
Ticc'jlet. D. G. C. C. assisted by Herman
Conn, D. G. C. C, as grand marshal.
The officers # of Live Oak Circle were in
stalled by He'rman Kohn. D. G. C. C, as
sisted by E. H. Chamberlain as grand
marshal.
Last Wednesday night the members of
Robin Hood Circle tendered a banquet to
two of its members, who, at the last held
session of the Grand Circle, received
Grand Circle honors. These are Miss
Alice Ticouiet, who was elected grand
sub-chief companion, and Mrs. Lizzie At
wood. who.was re-elected grand recording
secretary. There were about sixty mem
bers present and a very enjoyable time
was had. The affair was got up under
the direction of Mrs. Ella Wehe. L-MJe
von Puttkarnmer, Mrs. C. Gregory, Mrs.
and Ray Michaels. Mrs. C. O. Miller, J.
P\C. C.\ was the toast mistress, and the
reaiilar toasts were responded to by Miss
Ticouiet, Mrs. Atwood, Mrs. Emma Har
rington, chief companion. L. Puttkam
mer, Mrs. Ella Wolf, Dr. Atwood and
Mrs. Ticouiet. There were a few remarks
by the honorary members of the circle
and songs. This banquet, the first that
the circle has given in many years, was
looked upon as the forerunner of a series
of social events to be given in the future.
Excelsior Circle will give a violet party
on the 16th of August.
The officers of Mizpah Circle were in
stalled with impressive ceremonies on the
24th inst.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
IviFt Tuesday evening California Hive
of the Ladies of the Maccabees gave a
very interesting entertainment in the Al
cazar building in celebration of the sec
end anniversary of the institution of the
hive. There was a short address by Lady
Commander Mrs. L. M. Mack, welcoming
the invited guests and calling attention
to the benefits of the order. At the close
of the address the lady commander was
presented with two handsome bunches of
roses. Then followed a programme of in
teresting and entertaining numbers, after
which there was dancing until a late hour.
The hive is reported in a prosperous con
dition and has the reputation of being one
of the most progressive of the order. The
lady commander has returned to her sta
tion in the hive after an absence of sev
eral months, her absence being enforced
owing to an affection of one of her eyes.
Royal Arcanum.
Considerable activity at this time in the
several councils of the Royal Arcanum.
At the last held meeting of Argonaut
Council three applications were filed.
Golden West Council received one and in
itiated one candidate. Buena Vista Coun
cil also received one application.
Grand Regent Spencer, Grand Orator
Gunzendorfer and Rev. F. J. Mackay of
Omaha, a member of the order and an
orator of eloquence, will pay a visit to
Golden West Council to-morrow.
J Ernest Dudt'n has been elected regent
or Argonaut, Council, vice W. J. Nixon,
whose duties occupy so much of his time
that he cannot attend to official duties in
the council. J. R. Riddle was elected
chaplain, vice Duden promoted.
Supreme Representative George W. DIx
on is organizing a new council in this
city. He expects to have It ready for in
stitution within a month. The charter
list is headed by H. G. W. Dinkelspeil, a
prominent Native Son.
Every grand jurisdiction is showing an
Increase. The supreme secretary expects
that the increase in the next sixty days
will reach 200.
Fraternal Eagles.
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of the Fra
ternal Eagles, at the last held meeting,
initiated nineteen strangers. Vallejo
Aerie initiated sixteen. Sacramento Aerie
had a large class of candidatrs to initiate
at its last held meeting.
Golden Gate Aerie has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a smoker.
A report from Fresno Aerie shows it to
be in a flourishing condition.
San Francisco Aerie at its last held
meeting had visitors from New York
Aerie. San Francisco has re-elected Drs.
J. J. Keefe, Edwin Bunnell and J. L. Ma
son as its physicians for the current term.
The National Union.
On the night of the 20th inst. Pacific
Council held a special meeting for the
purpose of initiating seven applicants for
membership.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Coun
cil had five candidates for initiation. After
the work of the evening there was a social
hour under the direction of the speaker.
San Francisco Council at its fast held
meeting initiated one candidate, and
Union Council also Initiated one.
On the second Wednesday in August
the National Union Social and Literary
Club will give another of its delightful
entertainments in Odd Fellows' Hall. A
number of new features will be intro
duced, so that there will be added interest
to the programme.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet last Thursday a proposition to
have a Joint smoker by all the local coun
cils was broached, but it did not appear
to meet with much favor. A suggestion
that the order make a display in the pa
rade on Admission day was referred to a
committee of one to visit the local coun
cils and explain the Idea that was sug
gested. '.
Improved. Order of Red Men.
Yosemite Tribe No. 103 has recently re
ceived a number of applications from pale
faces and it will be kept busy for some
time conferring the degrees.
Oneida Council No. 27, Degree of Poca
hontas, the baby council of the order,
continues to increase in membership. It
will give a social in Shiels building ou
the night or the 30th of August.
Last Monday night Pohonachee, Seneca
and Blazing Arrow tribes were kept busy
adopting palefaces.
On Tuesday night Porter L. Bliss, G.
C. of R.; Henry A. Chase, P. G. S., and
A. Hausman, D. D. G. S., paid a fraternal
visit to White Eagle Tribe, where they
were cordially .welcomed by the chiefs
and members. . .
There was a joint adoption of palefaces
for Montezuma and Yosemite tribes last
Tuesday, five being inducted into the mys
teries of the order. The chief's degree
was also conferred on several candidates.
The action of the local Red Men with
regard to taking part in the celebration
of Admission day has already been
noticed in the local columns of The Call.
The next meeting of the general commit
tee will be held next Thursday evening,
when details will be agreed upon.
To-morrow night Pocahontas Council of
the Degree of Pocahontas will give a
social hop in Shiels building.
Past* Great Sachem Charles F. Burg
man, ex-great chief of records, is In the
city- on a visit from his home in Florida.-
He called at the wigwam on Post street,
where he was welcomed by. Porter L.
Bliss, his successor, and a number of the
members of the order. Mr. Burgman is
here on a lecturing tour. During the first
week in August he will give a long talk
in Native Sons' Hall on "Mental Science."
A. D. Flagler, past sachem of Santana
Tribe of Fort Bragg, but now a resident
of Napa. has taken great interest in Oton
kale Tribe in the last named place.. He
has offered an emblematic badge to the
member who, during the present term,
will bring in the greatest number of
strangers for adoption.
Potomac Council, D. of P., gave its first
social, a Brownie, in the Alcazar building,
last Tuesday. There were Brownies of all
kinds, the programme was in the form of
a minln-tura Brownie and there was excel-
last Wednesday for Seattle, which will be
her home for the future. Last Monday a
number of the members of Sherwood Cir
cle, C. O. F., tendered her a luncheon at
the residence of Mrs. Kate Howard, and
on the following day she was the guest
of James A. Garfield Corps of the W. R.
C, Ko. 21, in the Alcazar building. There
were covers for twenty-four and the table
was profusely decorated with choice cut
flowers. There were present in addition
to the guest of honor, Dora H. Wilkins,
president; Sarah H. Wilson, senior vice
president; Mary V. Van Horn, junior vice
president; May A. O'Brien, secretary;
Margaret J. Jones, chaplain: Tiny Me
Gowen. conductor; Mrs. ¦ McCauley, Mrs."
Valkenberger, Mrs. H. von Linderman,
Mrs. Cook and Lincoln Corps and others.
After the repast Mrs. Dunn was the recip
ient of a number of tokens of affection,
including a beautiful chatelaine from
Secretary Mrs. O'Brien, President Mrs.
Wilkins making the presentation in an
eloquent speech. The treasurer, Mrs. Dib
ble, presented her a jet watch chain.
There was la large number of tokens of
personal love "and flowers without number.
The following day the members of the
corps and some members of the other or
ganizations of which Mrs. Dunn was an
active and esteemed member accompanied
her to the water front to wish her a pleas
ant journey and to say, "Au revoir, but
not good-by." _
Ancient Order Workmen.
During the term ending June 30 Burns
Lodge initiated twenty-five candidates.
The officers installed recently for the cur
rent term promise a greater number be
fore they go out of office.
Angels Lodge No. 320 of Angels Camp
has presented to M. H. Carley and August
C. Detjen, two of its past masters, a
handsome badge each denoting tijeir rank
in the order.
The officers of Olympic Lodge were in
stalled on last Tuesday night after the
initiation of a candidate, and on Wednes
day night the officers of Fidelity Lodge
were installed.
Women of Woodcraft.
The first of the series of open meetings
arranged by Redwood Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft was held last Tues
day night and it was a grand success. It
was in the nature of an M at homo" imme
diately after the routine busintss of the
evening was over, and that was disposed
of in a short time, so that those who had
been invited to attend did not have long
to wait. The programme included piano
selections by Mrs. E. K. Warren; vocal
selections. Master Willie Dodge; address
on "Fraternity." Mrs. Jenr.ie Clark, a
very logical speaker; vocal solo, Mrs. W.
de Blois; recitation. G. S. Fredericksen;
ballad. Mrs. A. O. Clark; recitation. Miss
Helen Arnsberg. and piano recital. Miss
B. Blackall. Short fraternal addresses
I were delivered by Dr. A. D. McLean. Dr.
1 Van Meter and F. "Russell. The chairwoman
', of the evenir.g was Mrs. Schvteihard, who
displayed considerable ability in that linp.
i Refreshments were served during the
evening. The circle will have an "at
home" every fourth Tuesday evening In
1 the month. 'During the evening the appli
cations of twenty-three who v.ant to join
the circle were "received. This circle is
preparing for -Its two nights in Union
square Hall on the 14th and loth of Au
gust. There will be a banner party, tab
leaus, wood sawing and nail driving con
tests and then a grand ball.
California Circle has been making rapid
strides of late. Its membership now num.
b«?rs ninety and there are about thirty ap<
Plications "on file. This circle has a num
ber of the local Woodmen on its roll, one
being a prominent member of Golden Gate
Camp, who shortly after joining the cir
cle fell In love with a young member of
the circle and married her. The officers
of this circle were installed on the night
of the 20th inst., Mrs. Anna Stanert of
Redwood Circle being the installing offi
cer. After the Installation Mrs. Perrln.
the retiring guardian neighbor, was pre
sented bv Mrs. Estees on behalf of the
circle a beautiful diamond set brooch in
recognition of her valuable services to the
circle during her term of office.
The Native Sons.
Placervllle Parlor, one of the oldest and
wealthiest in the order of Native Sons,
having been instituted on the 23d of Au
gust, 1SS1, and having more than $10,000
in Its treasury and a membership of 160.
has elected the following named as its
officers for the current term: James Blair
Jr., past president; James Keene, presi
dent; T. F. Lewis and William Rust, first
and second vice presidents; George E.
Pierce, recording, ar.d E. L. Bosquit.
financial secretary; Max Muison, treas
urer; John Kern, maishal, and William
Wllkison, trustee. Mr. Keene, the new
president of the parlor. Is a well-known
citizen of Placerville and an energetic
Native Son.who has with honor to himself
and credit to the parlor filled the several
positions he has been elected to.
The Native Daughters.
On the night of the 21st inst. the recent
ly elected officers of Alta Parlor df the
Native Daughters of- the Golden AVest
were installed in a very impressive man
ner by Mrs. Emma Theirbach. D. D. G.
P., assisted by Mrs. Mamie Richter
Comny, in the presence of a large number
of the friends of the members. At the
close of the ceremonies. Miss Mabel Mil
ler, verv energetic and conscientious dur
ing her term as president, was by the par
lor presented a beautiful opal ring, the
gem being circled by diamonds. The
young lady worked hard for the best in
terest of the parlor during the time she
started from the position of marshal to
the highest office in the parlor, and the
reward she received after working for two
years and a half was a gift well bestowed
on one truly deserving of it.
The very popular district deputy grand
president, Mrs. Agnes Lunstedt, during
the current term was ably assisted In the
installation of La Estrella. Calaveras and
Buena Vista parlors* officers by Past
Grand President Mrs.- Lena Hilke Mills,
District Grand President Miss Minnie
Hilke of Stockton and Miss Laura J.
Frakes. grand secretary. The installation
ceremony in each parlor was by Mrs.
Lunstedt in that pleasing, instructive and
impressive manner which in the past h»s
won *=o much commendation for this lady.
Her delivery of the charges to the officers
is perfect and conveys exactly what the
author of the ritual intended it should.
The ceremony of installation iA this order
is monotonous if not carried out in the
spirit of the ritual, but when Mrs. Lun
stedt is the installing officer the regret of
the auditors is that the ceremony is not
longer. In each parlor the members
showed their appreciation of her pro
ficiency by presenting her with bouquets,
natural and oratorical.
The installation of the officers of Darina
Parlor, which had been announced for
last Monday, will not take place until to
morrow night. On that occasion beauti
ful girls of the Western Addition will be
installed into office in trie presence of the
balance of the beautiful girls of the par
lor in the hall of King Solomon Lodge,
F. and A. M., which kindly surrenderd its
hall for the occasion. During the evening
there will be the presentation of a beau
tiful flag to the parlor.
The officers of Sans Soucl were installed
by Miss Rosa Dg.y of Golden State Par
lo'r, D. D. G. P., assisted by Mrs. Day of
Orinda Parlor as grand marshal. At" the
close of the installation Mrs. Sadie Os
terman. the retiring president, was pre
sented a beautiful gold watch as a token
of the esteem in which she is held by
the members of the parlor. That night the
parlor received six propositions.
The officers of Golden State Parlor were
installed last week by Mrs. Emma Thier
bach, D. D. G. P.. assisted by Miss Bolde
man of/La Estrella. Miss S. Asmus of the
same parlor. Mrs. E. Foley of Orinda and
Mrs. M. Mayers of Alta. After the instal
lation Miss C. Shade, the outgoing presi
dent, was presented with a gold watch
as a token of affection. Previous to instal
lation Misses A. and M. Smith were Ini
tiated. After the ceremony there was
served to all ice cream and cakes. ..
Foresters of America. '
On the night of the Installation of the
officers of Court Seal Rock, F. of A., three
strangers were admitted by initiation and
three applications were received. After
the routine business the new and old of
ficers and the members went to the ban
quet hall, where a supper was served. J
Lv Taison was toastmaster. After the
black coffee there was a high jinks, with
G. Randall as -master , of ceremonies.
There were addresses, songs, recitations
music and stories which kept the com
panv together until a late hour. As the
members parted there were cheers for
District Deputy Glover, Chief Ranger
Troppmann and Toastmaster Taison. The
members of Seal Rock Club, the member
ship of which Is limited to the member
ship Of the court, will have its eleventh
annual excursion and picnic on the 5th of
August. It will be to Sunset Park. ,
Court Stanford has secured the Me
chanics' Pavilion for the nl^nt of tho 8th
lent music by Professor Welsel's Orches
tra. There was a large attendance, and
all had a very enjoyable time. The affair
was a success in every way and the com
mittees were highly praised for the credit
able manner in which all details were car
ried out.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of Court Occidental,
A. O. F., by the high court deputies: F.
C. Herrick, C. R.; George McMartin. S.
C. R. ; J. L. Howard, T.; J. Henderson.
F. S.; W. -Wallace. R. S.; W. J. Bloss, S.
W.; Dr. F. G. Baird, S. B.; Joseph Baker,
J. B.; F. S. Xorman, O.; Dr. J. Boushey,
physician. The ceremony was followed
by a reception to the members of Court
Twin Peaks, present in a body. A pleas
ant evening followed.
At the meeting of Court Santa Amanda,
Ancient Order of Foresters, on the night
of the 16th inst. two candidates were
initiated and several applications for
membership were received. During the
evening Permanent Secretary John Fal
coner, on behalf of the court, presented
to the junior past chief ranger, E. A.
Craig, a past chief ranger's certificate
handsomely framed.
The officers of Court Ivanhoe were in
stalled last week by the High Court of
ficers. The officers of Court Cristoforo Co
lumbo of San Jose were also Installed by
High Court officers, after which there was
a first-class late supper, at which there
were present fcrty members of Court
Garden City. Court Colombo has 110 mem
bers and $2000 in its treasury. Last
Thursday High Chief Ranger Boehm in
stalled the officers of Court Hartford at
Vallejo; High Court Senior Warden J. J.
Roberts Installed those of Court Todos
Santos at Concord, and High Court Treas
urer G. W. Lunt installed those of Court
Tomales, at Tomales.
Court German-American held high jinks
in the Foresters' building last week, and
had an entertaining programme and a
ood time
\ The officers of Court Washington were
installed bv the board of deputies last
.•week. Those of Court California, at
South San Francisco, were also installed.
After the installation all present were en
tertained at a luncheon served at the res
idence of J. W. Cooling..
Companions of the Forest.
Last Tuesday night the officers of Wash
ington Circle, Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., were installed in public by the
board of deputies. After the Installation
a handsome jewel was presented to the
retiring chief companion, Mrs. Schener,
and a " like jewel was presented to Miss
Daisy Falconer, the junior past chief
companion. The presentation was made
by High Chief Ranger Boehm.
At a meeting of Bohemian Circle on last
Thursday night the supreme grand offi
cers paid a fraternal visit. During the
evening the circle, through the supreme
grand ' chief companion. Mrs. Falconer,
presented to Mrs. A. Boehm a beautiful
emblematic chatelaine pin in recognition
of her services to the circle, which she
was instrumental In founding.
A new circle is to be instituted at Red
ding. On the 17th of August High Chief
Ranger Boehm will institute a circle at
Yreka.
The Junior Order.
U. S. Grant Council of the Junior Order
of United American Idechanies has had
the following named officers Installed for
the current term: AV. D. Grant, councilor;
H. B. Taylor, vice councilor; treasurer,
\V. A. Lord: financial secretary, E. H.
Carr: »ecording secretary. S. L. Cooke;
assistant recording secretary, F. Thom
ason; warden, H. Louw; conductor, L.
Freese; inside sentii»cl, George Meade;
outside sentinel. R- F. Jenkins: parson.
F. B. Williams; trustees — Charles Thad
deus Quirey. Michael McCullough. Den
nis Timothy Herrin; organist, John Du
gan Douglass.
After the installation there was a ban
quet and addresses by the new officers.
The council will shortiy hold an open
meeting for the benefit of friends and
members. The council has appointed a
committee to prepare a reception to H.
G. Slaughter of Los Angeles, recently ap
pointed organizer for the State of Califor
nia.
Knights of Pythias.
Myrtle Lodge No. 16 celebrated its thir
tieth anniversary last night at a banquet
in one of the prominent rotisseries.' There
were a goodly number of the members
present and a very enjoyable evening was
spent.
Zerin Kapi Temple No. 52, D. O. K. K.,
will have a "stag reunion" at one of the
leading hotels on the 4th of August. Be
fore the close of the year the same or
ganization will have a ladies' night.
The California delegation of the Knights
of Pythias, who are to attend the conven
tion at Detroit in the latter part of Au
gust, will leave this city on the T2d of that
month and will take up delegations from
sister jurisdictions at Ogden August 24,
Cheyenne August 25, Omaha August 25,
and Chicago- August 26. arriving In De
troit on the evening of that day.
Past Grand Chancellor H. R. Arndt, for
many years a resident of San Diego, has
taken up his residence In this city.
The proceedings of the thirty-second an
nual session of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia are out. It is a book of 300 pages,
giving 1 a complete account of what was
done at the session held in Salinas. It is
one of the most complete reports and best
indexed one that has been issued thii
year. The arrangement was by Grand
Keeper of Records and Seal H. Schaffner.
who has demonstrated that he is an adept
in this class of work, as he is in all work
of the order.
Friends of tire Forest.
At the last held meeting of Harmony,
Lodge of the Friends of theTorest there
was a visit by the supreme officers. Two
applications for membership were re
ceived that evening.
Pioneer Lodge has lost one of its well
known members. Thomas Jeffrey, father
of Mrs. Mary E. McLane, the financial
secretary of. the lodge. The members of
the order generally sympathize with Mrs.
McLane and her mother, who is also a
member of the lodge, in their bereave
ment. ¦
Lincoln Lodge has appointed a commit
tee to arrange for the lodge's open meet
ing to-morrow night. During the evening
three applications were received and two
strangers were initiated.
James A. Garfield Corps.
James A. Garfleld Corps. "W..R. C, No.
21, has arranged for a "State social" to be
given in the Alcazar Social Hall on the
night of the Sth ot August.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
35
Bombay is. an Immense city, with land
and sea shipping equal to the best. It
has large commerce and trade and man-
ufacturing: interests. Its buildings are
said to be the finest in India.
Last Tims Tonight, "WANG."
TO=MORROW
BEGIiNS THE
Grand Opera Season
The Greatest Cast of Singers
Ever Heart Here !
* Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
Saturday Nights,
MISS ANNA LICHTER,
The Peerless Soprano.
MISS FRANCES GRAHAM,
The Famous Contralto.
SIGNOR FERDINANDO AVEDANO,
The Unrivaled Tenor.
SIGNOR GUADENZIO SALASSA,
The Princely Barytone.
SIGNOR ALESSANDRO NICOLINI,
La fccala's Basso Prof undo. C
MR. WILLIAM SCHUSTER,
The Popular Basso.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Even-
ings and Saturday Matinee,
bT^^v fB^m^^m' S KM
SIGNORA ITALIA REPETTO,
•The Italian ilelba."
SIGNOR DOMENICO RUSSO,
The Phenomenal Tenor.
SIGNOR GUISEPPE FERRARI,
The Great Dramatic Barytone.
SIGNOR ALESSANDRO NICOLINI,
I The Wonderful Basso.
MR. WILLIAM SCHUSTER,
The Favorite of All.
MR. ARTHUR BOYCE,
The Sweet-Voiced Tenor.
ENLARGED CHORUS AXD ORCHESTRA.
SUPERB STAGE t PRODUCTIONS.
CURTAIN' RISES AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
p8i™"!25^ 50 Cents
Teleuhone Bush 9.
i .
jgjgl TO-NIGHT.
'CsyCfj LAST WEEK BUT ONE OP
\~*~,j DUSXE & RYLETTS ALL-STAR
£rf CAST.
With MATHEWS & BULGER. In th- Latest
Revision of the B!g Vaudeville Operetta,
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES fc "
40-STARS OF COMEDT-49 I
Everything Absolutely New. Except I hV~J
the Title of the Piece. '^S\«1
Ana FOR ONE WEEK OXLT. j *-rj
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. ' )V^ I
Walter Morosco. Solo Lessea and Uacaftr
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE GREAT RUBY!
Commenting TUESDAY EVESISO NEXT.
"THE RED LAMP."
¦** PRICES— 15c. i3c, 50c. 75c
Saturday Matinee — 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TO-NIGHT— THE COUNTRY GIRI*
TO-MORROW E JS IRE
NIOHT week,
the FLORENCE
aSSJIT 3 ROBERTS,
Supported by. WHITE WHITTLESEY. .
ft C^ iWf EL \J BEAUTIFUL
..AND.. a^* ERY
JULIET! c6sTOIES
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. •
OIL M Iwi 1 I A coa. MAs'ort
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IK
10 THE aTT _
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Paris in San Francisco and the Greatest Exhi-
bition the Golden West Has Ever Seen,
BASCO AND RICE,
Comedians, and the Funniest Yet. •
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVEHY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
TJTQPWFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
DEETS AND DQN: MAE TUNISON; DAISY
BISHOP: JAMES E. NICHOLS; VIOLET
JOHNSON: WESTIN. the Man of 1» Faces,
and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
MATINEE SUNDAY. Reserved Seats, 15c.
TO-NIGHT— SUNDAY— TO-NIGHT
HEXRY MILLER PRESENTS THE
SECOND SEMES OF
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES
StTBJECT:
"JAPAN REVISITED."
Magnificently Illustrated "Wltlx StlU and '
Motion Pictures.
Next Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Nifrht,
34 Series— Subject. "ROUND ABOUT PARia." 1
PRICES— 91.00. 75c, 5Oc and 25c—
TO-MORROW lYlVFilLJA Y
Sixth' Week of the Season.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
HENRY
MILLER
AND A
SPECIAL COMPANY.
SIX NIGHTS AND
WEDNESDAY and SATUED1Y MATINEES.
The Comedy Drama.
"BROTHER
OFFICERS."
• BT LEE TREVOR.
As Presented Here La?t Season With Pro-
nounced Success.
MONDAT. August 6— The Ron lantic Sacceai,
"HEARTSEMSE."
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
(San _Cateo County).
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JULY 29.
GRAND OPENING I
Under the Auspices of t_o
INGLESIDEASSOCIATION.
CHAMPION CUSS AND CLASSI-
CAL OPEN STAKES.
112- — NOMINATIONS 112
$1510-TOTAL FBIZE_C0NEY-$151Q
SPECIAL TBArN" SERVICE '
_ca— es Third and Townsend streets,
10:15'a. in.. 11 a. zn., 12 m. and 1
p. m. Twenty-Fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after last course.
San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION - - - 25c
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT APTERSOOS AXX> EVENTXO.
SCENES OF THE H0B0KEN
STEAMSHIP FIRE.
CANNON, THE^ FAT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UNJAJL4BLE LION.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAIB
. THIS AFTERNOON. V «j *
Telephone for Seats — Park t3L '. T;
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. ? 9
Op«n Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. - i
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 19 p. a.
ADMISSION 19c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission Sf. Children. 8a.
THE WEEKLY CALL
©/ It PilbHsh^j the Cream of tut
]j New* or the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O^ PAPER ON TH8
~J PACIFIC COAST
°J The Best \ /Mining
°\ Telegraphic y N'ewo Thai
o\ Service on /N. te Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to datfii
c^ / . __
cV Not a Line of it Sensational
c/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
D it Dry or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean, A Champloa •(
1 Thoushtful. Irutii.
o) A ailFORSU VEWSPAPQ
~) ALL THE TIME.
3 n ADVOCATES I SENT BT
n HOME MAIL. SI
C^ INDUSTRIES ] AYUJL -
*fP%. SANFRAN03CO OMAHA
_@__T ___r^^*_S __ Tl\ a T^ A C ~ _ ' 1 ' \^
f5« Commencing TO-DAT, SUNDAY MATINEE. July * '
£ ere WAR IN CHINA I? 11 *
THE ORPHEUM YOU HAVE:
Mr. and Mrs. JOHN MASON (K S M
Released by Daniel Frohman for this one Vaudeville Engagement.
THE
Will Show Something >;e-~ In Bicycle Comedy.
ZELMA RAWLSTON NICHOLS SISTERS
Brings a London Reputation Which Will Win Frienda Witl> Their
Overshadows That of Vesta Tilley. Comic Colored Character Sketches. .»
—SULLIVAN AND WEBBER"""
Are Going to Play • ' 'THE COAL MAX."
7Y\ /\ Z I E~"K~I~N G I JESSIE PADGHAM
Will Reach for Favor on Tip Toes. I Will Sing Some Xew Soass.
\nd l>V§*VSr*_» A DH "Will Take You for a _ffU
,.The i'.'.I.'IHI.r............. "* V.V/>^"M. Trlp _ Arotlnd l " 9 v:oAX - --— 13
wwie O_x2bE_^T and GOLDIE
Will Be F'unny for a Brief Period. .'. ,' ¦iU.~*WI H
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY. JULY 29.
Parquet 25 cents, any seat; Balcony. 10 cents; Children. 10 cents any p»rt.
A ttw front Orchestra Rows reserved. *0 cents; front rows of Balcony reserved. _ cents.
ATte iiKfllw kntS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, JT7I-Y 29, 1900.
36
_A_C FRAACISCO CAX.I_
BTErN-IFS OFFICE of The Fan TrandftW
C_ll. corner of Market and Third etreets. open
until 12 o'clock every nlRht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 121 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
S00 Kaye_ street: open until 9:30 p. ra-
ces McAJIUt«r Btreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 JUarkin «tT*et; open until S:JO p. m.
1X1 Mission street; open until 10 p. nv
_K1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
cnUl S p. tn.
106 Eleventh -street: open until 8 p. m-
10?€ Valencia Ftreet: open until 8 P- m.
Northwtat corner Twenty-seccnd and Km-
lucky streets: open until g p. m.
cuincn seuvices.
ET. PAtTL'S Church. California et.. near Fill-
Bicro, Itev. W. Maxwell Kellly. rector: R#v.
A. C. Wilson. a*si*t_nt-Holy Communio.i. ¦
7:30 a. r_.; Sunday -school. 8:43 »• ro-: m"" 1 '"* ;
-H-rrloe and sermon by the Right Kev. Wil-
liam Ford McboU, D. D-, Bishop of J I idi-
lornia. U o'clock: eveainif, regular month.).
muFical by St. Paul's vested quartet aiU
chorui choir, 7:43 o'clock.
ET. LUKES i:p!5<-op_I Church, cor. of Van
Ness _ve. and Clay it. Uoly communion. S (
r. m. MotUlX- prayer, 11 o'clock. Evening)
service. 7:4i o'clock. Ri-v. T. J. Mackay. rev- ,
tor of Ail Saints Church, Omaha. will ,
I r-esrh both mornuiK and evening^ j
CALVARY Prepbyterian Church, cor of «<?ary j
mid Powell etf.— Kev. John Uemphlll. D.D.. j
paetrvr, will preach at 11 a. m. and at .:4o ,
P m. Top£. malar: "The Trend of ¦
Thought at the Close of Our Century. < hns-
t'.an Endeavor Society meets at C:30 p. m. j
¦\Vednes.2_y evening meetiriK at S> o Clock.
Str_ngers cordially welcomed.
F1R?T Congregational Church, dr. cf ?'** |
_n.l Mason !"_.— Rev. George C Adams. D.D. ,
r._.-tor Rev Clarence T. Brown. D.D.. of .
t^olt Lake City, will jjreach at both services, i
At 11 a ra. theme, "Tlie Eloiautnce «« the j
L'.sttner." At 7:3i> p. m.. them*. "Ur.cn- ,
peious Influence." All are cordiaHy_lnvit£d. j
JtTiPT Church of Christ. Pcientisl, Central
block __ Putter Ft., bet. Ke_my and Grant ;
a ve A-'hriFtian Science Bible lesson at 11 !
a, m.; a-abject. '\Sj..nt." Sunday-school tor j
children Bt tbe Faru-> hr>ur. W*T_a___T even- ,
lr.p meeting »t b o'clock. Free re-dla_ rojra, I
2><5 Kearny et., room M0. All welcome.
FIllST Divine Science Church. "H^me Col- !
leg* " 336u tier, nieenth et.. n«-ar VaJenei-— M. .
li. Cramer |ia;=tf>r. Service-? every Sunday at \
II a. ra Sunday-school at 10 a. tn. Addr«f-6 :
-his Boralac by Josephine R. WUaoa ot Oak- :
:___ t
CHURCH of Je*us Cbrls>t of L_tter-r_y Saints, j
— Service* even Pur.day. 11 a. m. and 7:4o p.
m at Pythian Hall. &<* Market *t. Elder H. ,
H. Derrick will _ddr_H the evening congre- ¦
cation. Subject. •"Topics of Muriiiomem." All j
ore welcome. j
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Maron 'and Ellis |
c _.. —Special me*ting lor men only this (Sun- c
dar) afternoon at 3 o'clock, to be -JJreFsed 1
by" the Rev W. II. Guthrie, associate pastor j
Cf Tim Presbyterian Church. Peats free, j
All rmn weloorr.e. Concert by Colored JuWlee <
Singers at the hall Friday ev _^. r 'j; n , Kl Au8 L^£: !
HOME of Truth. 131 P!ne St.— Devotional perv- i
loet. 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Harriet H. R:x ;
•rill B}.c_k in the morning and Annie Itix j
Slllitz in the evening. All are welcome*. |
___90_OPHICA_< Society— Public meeting*
every Sunday eveninR at S o'clock In Old i
JVI lows' buildinp. To-nicht, "The Imitation
of Ctn_rt." by Mr. H. L. Zint. Inquirers' :
meeting Tuesdays at b p. m.. Thursdays M \
2:S0 f. m. ________________-» !
T1EETIXGS — SLXOAV-^
I>R J. DEPEW KFRO.^V lectures thin even- j
ln<r. !> O'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian Cast!*, j
B09 Market et.: subject, "Vital Hy_lene. ' to ;
be fallowed by Ria^nificont views "Round- ;
_rxiut 1'aris;" those attending may procure >
tickets to the X-ray exhibition at the San!- j
tar.um, cor. <>T Market and Mascn j=ts.. next ;
Tuesday evenlaj; ¦___ fro**; no collection.
••A xn\V n«ce of God Men" in Odd Fellows' ,
Kali Severth a-.d Market sts. Mr*. It. S. Lil- i
lie, eUKjuer.t or_ UM : J. T. Lillie. musiea'. <!i- j
rectcr. Bund-7 evening. Au^. li, and '-very |
furday evening after; __mi__on. 10c. Juli_u I
Marl:, a. ;.r.-sident. «
PKO] LF.'P I>»ctrre A-s. <¦:-*•¦ :i n 'ets at 8«X>
ti<h HaH Larkin «.. tbhi (Sunday) evening i
at S oYl.vk. Addref* by I>r. J. L. York on :
"Evolution" and by J. K. Morton. A.M.. on <
— K_p_t_-lnn-*" <ji:c-stior;9 and c-minute j
(speeches. t?eat? Tree. j
A— bit. RINI-'S Spiritual Society. Ml Market, j
11 free. 1-8 p. m. We: Mrs. feeeley Maxwell. !
ilr. H__-w_-P__ier; ail tests; eleventh anrrt- i
•c_r__ry p-jji 'n-i 6, CWft, fc p. m., free.
KATE HEUSSMA-OTB, KB Market; inFpira- j
tion test mt-Ptins to-night; Fit. U"S Howard, i
_IMK. VOfNO, C-; MoAlIifter st-: cnnvlneing j
demonstration of spiili return to-night, 10c.
ITUKXDPHIP Hell, S3o McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: «it. daily; coavlnc'g tests to-night l»c.
EniCHHARI'T'S tert . meeting to-ni^ht. 2250 1
Twt nty-second Et. ; private reading?, l-o r- m. ;
-1ILS. HOARS, tert rrx'tinc to-niKl.t; te<=t to '
all. I'*' H>> .Sixth Bt.* r. 7; sittings daily.
Slll^. WIXCHESTKH. 1C10 Clay— Circle to-night. !
>; oonsultarir tiF *latly; mining a specialty.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. _>.; 10c; eittings !
daily. LOc. 127 Turk t-t. I
Z— TO-NIGHT. "All That Ib Human Must De- j
tf>rlor;<te if It Do S<t Advance." by Vr. Tur- j
man, I'nion Square Hall. 421 Post. bet. Powell ,
an.l aiu*-'.n. >> o'clock; queg. tins.; admis. l"c. j
ME!_TIN_S— Inivernnl Brotherhood.
THBOSOPHICAL Society in America. S19 Mar-
ket pi. — Public meeting to-nicht: subject, j
**I_>— blc i'iieno—iena." symposium; L B. L.
Tuesday nicbt, subj<"ct. "Army and Navy
Pe-cemnken'," by Dr. Griffiths; Eix-cial ma-
*tic_l features.
MEETING NOTICES.
"vTAl—TALLA nncarr.rment No. 7, I. O. «y y_
O. F.— Tlie ofnoers and the funeral }f
committee nf the above named en.mmp- >*X
ment are hereby notified to assemble at ' »
Odd Ftllows' Hall, corner Market and Feventh
ets., en SUNDAY. July 29, at 1:20 o'clock p.
in., for the purpose of attendir.c th*» funeral of
our late ratriarch. Juhn A^Ml'S. JJy order
CHAS. CJUAFT. Fin. Scribe.
HARMONV W,ee So. 13. I. O. O. „*_-*-_ '
r.-i"'- offloerii and th<- iur.t-r-.il
committee of the above nam«l
loflg'e are hereby _ot!3ed to aas>em- '""^
ble et Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Heventh uts., on SUNDAY. July 7h, at 1_4
p. n.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother. JOHN AS1ICS. Hy order
CHAS. QUAST, Fin. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LodRe~No7iTl. O. O.
F.— I>ouble in!tl_tion MONUAY
EVENING. Ju!y 20. Lodee will
open at 7:30. Vlsitora welcome. •*?»•*
J^H. .HANSEV. N. O.
PARKER L.j<"._*> No. 124, I. O. O. .e- *-*,..
K.— InUIaUon Tl'ESCAY EVEX-
ING. July SI. 1!""0. -5Kr«SVS?
V. F. NORTHROP. N. G. '-/""^
COirRT Occidental, A. O. F.— fntteersYrf^jr
and members _re notlfird to attend
funeral of nur late brother, F. G. Jl \
THOMAS. FfXPAT, Jury », at 1:30 €—S
p. m,. Trinity M. E. Church. Sixteenth and
Koe els. Interment Mount O!iv*t Cemetery.
F. C. HKUUICK, C. li.
You are earnestly rtquf-st- tgr^y ¦ ¦ " S
«-d to be In attendance at -S&— "^TTTt
the Orar.4 Open-turn*. -TJ
-ONDAV. July 30. Wood- VrfjjSfMiT 1ST* '
z: *-r. > ntKht. Monfter
l<enefit. Uoilcall of cam;>s at 8 o'clock. I?y
orier EXECUTIVE COMMITTKE.
A MHETING of tbe board of trustees of the
Laborer*' Protective AFsoclatlon will be held
at IK.'.* Mission rt. r.n SUNDAY, July 23. at
2 p- m. 13y or3<r of
MICHAEL COX, President
•VTILLIAM OIKjNXICI.L. Her. Sc-c.
liEEFTL Cork DeBCndCttt AESt^iatlon — Four-
teenth annual picnic will l>e hf-ld at Shell
Mound Park. SUNDAY. August 5. Oameg for
yourur and old. Prizes for everyone. First
•rate prlxe. a J73 iJomeytlc Bewlng machine.
Tickets, ti)c: children under 3- ycarf, frt-e.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
o«>Ived uppHcntions to mine by the hydraulic
I>roce»B from F. E. Thomas, in the Gold liun
>*lacer Claim, rear Quincy. Hlumas Co., to
*J'-po*!t iaHinj:s <m a flat: from Walter CL Rob-
inson. In the» Deadwood Hill Mine, near
Meadow Valiey. I'lurr.a* Co., to d«i>f.tiit tail-
lnes In nfJdwwl Creek; from \V. B. Mwk,
In U»e Indian Hill Mine, near Camptonville,
Yuba Co., to df-rKwlt tailings in Indian Creek;
fn m the L« I'orte Onsolidated Oold Mining
O»., in the Hutch Mine, near La Porte. I'lu-
mai Co., to deposit tailings in Uabhlt Creek;
from J. T. BIrmineham. in the Strawberry
Mine, at Strawberry Valley. Yuba Co., to de-
posit tpillr.-rs in a worked-out pit, and from
C. M. J— l-Ctmuo. in the Oarden City Mine.
near Qt_M_TfUe a Sierra Co.. to dej>osit tall-
ltyrf In a ravine, plves notice that a meeting
•rill b» held nt room 19. Flood bulldlnc. Ban
Francisco.. Cal., on August 13, I'M, at 1:20
F. m.
AN.Vc'AL m-H-tin-r— The re»rular annual meet-
lnc of the fiK<-k.ho!<leni of the Hnkalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offlce ot
th* company. 117 Market »t.. Fan Francis;o.
Cal.. r.n WEDKEEOAY, the lFt day of Au-
gust, liiOO. at trie hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
lor the purpn*e of electing a board of dl-
irctcrs to *erve for the ensuin? year and
the transaction of euch other business aa
mey ccme before the meeting.
E. H. SHELDON', Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The TUfflon Iron and Locomotive Work*.— The
annual meetlnc of the noekholders of the Rl»-
den Iron crd Locomotive \York«. for the elec-
tion of trustees for the cnruinir year and the
transaction of euch other buslnefp as may be
brought before the meetin-r. will be heia at tho
r.fnce of the company, routheaiit corner of Beals
_nd Howard ««., Fan Francitco. on MONDAY,
the CO. day cf August. 1900. *t 11 o'cljclt _. m.
I_ It. MEAD. Secretary.
" MEETING "NOTICES.
OFFICERS and members of Longshore Lum-
bermen's Protective Association— You are no-r
tified to attend the funeral of our late mem-
ber JOHN F. SULLIVAN, from his lata resi-
dence, 12 Freelon St.. SUNDAY. July 29, at
1U:3O a. m. By order of
G. F. McMANUS, President.
J. E. RIORDAN. Rec. Sec <
AGKNTS WAXTED. \
"WANTED — Enterprising traveling salesmen to
represent established financial house as Hide
line: no sanu'lfs and no interference wltn
present employment; can increase their ln-
ccme materially with little effort and time:
¦rive territory and particulars; splendid op-
portunity for hustlers to make permanent
connection. Address P. O. box 2037. New
York.
AfiFNTS-Do you want something better and
easier to w?H than books? Address F. PER-
SON, room 412, Parrott building.
COAST agents wanted for great novelty dancing
doll- lifelike dancer: sample and discounts,
2.%c silver: price refunded on first order. Grant
Manufacturers' Asency. Gob CUy. Ind.
AGENTS wanted— Good live men can make
money taking orders for rh"to buttons, medal-
lions jewelry, etc; particulars free. St.
Louis Jiutton Co.. St. Ixmls. Mo.
WANTED— Salesman for retail crockery stora.
Adorers box 347S. Call olMce.
THETTaUcnal campaign: the battle of 1900; all
the parties. Issues and leaders. The J. DEU-
1NU CO., Flood building^
{¦".".On CAN be made during next 6 months by
huftlins aK*nts handling our white and fancy
rubber collars, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed cnaranteed goods; Inclose stamp for spe-
cial plan M.&M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield, Mass.
AGENTS earn good wages with most simple,
nractical Fonsihle improvement for household
u*e in recent years. BR-\NT CO., 113 Adams
Ft.. Chte—go. '.'¦¦'¦¦¦•i
AGENTS Ot ability and experienc? in life Insur-
ar.oe. Call at room 101. 9J>7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE !-andle newest novelties for acents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3161 ISth Et.
ATTOttAEVS AT LAW,
R~\\\~KING. atorney at law, 917 Market st,
room 627; estates. dama_e:>, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all oases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
AI'Vlt'1-: free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without surees?: collections. "G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S.'.O Market, cor. Stockton.
rRHE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
eollec-ooa. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery.
-DVICE free: do charge unless successful. W.
\V, DAVIDSON. 1-27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLAUK, Emma BpreefceU bldg., 927 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation fret: no fe?s in advance
CISTER. HERMAN J.. attorney, 927 Market
f-t . r. r.Z3: operi eve.. 7-3: consultation free.
Airf6.Mdiui.Es.
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & SON.
Apents. *JC Fremont Ft.
BATH -AElNhrrS.
KOniXSON C 4-par.el folding; door opens, firm
_nd safe. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 420 Ellis.
UI-L.-IA.VI1A KCS.
A K— _CB_— t of fine does at low prices; bred to
our fineM bucks; LOH1> EDINHOUO (imp.),
fre ri:>; DIKE OF CLARENCE limp.), fee
•15; fine lot of youngsters (rum Z to 5 months
old from Lord Udinlx-ro and our imported
does with rrand oolor an.l j-ertect feet all
round; full line of rabbit supplies; free liter-
ature. SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
CO. fc-AM C. HAMMOND. Mgr..
Office— Ppreckels Market.
Rahbitry— 1015 Shotwell si. •
TERMlKALi Rabbitry, end narrow-gauge road,
High-st. eta.. W. D. DILLA.Prop.. Alameda—
See the most racy buck in Centra! California.
Viscount Luntan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, score
?3»i, J7 JO. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Yours Ftock 6 week:! to 2 month?. $1 50 up;
bred does, w'ell marked $5: bred does, better
marked. V i-0; bred <;oes, still better marked.
$10 to $29; trios. 2 does and buck, J25 to $100.
Open evenings: visitors welcome.
BELGIAN HARES!!
AH the popular strains at greatly reduced
l,rice« CALIFORNIA HELGIAX HARE AS-
SOCIATION, Alameda, Cal.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb, first
j r j ze in England, at 214 Golden Gate ave.
CH \_LPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; sales dally. lOOSH Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,609 Gol-
den Uate cv.. S. F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
CHEAPEST and t>«* s t In America— The Weekly
Cell. 16 paces, sent to any addresj In th«
United State* or Canada one ywar for SI.
BICYCLKS I'"or Sale or EichnnBe.
A RAMULER. tandem; _ood condition; new
t;reF; harcain If fold at once. 121 Powell Bt.
BOAKOLNU i-'oii (;niLimt:\.
WOMAN" would like to take two children tc
board. Apply 14 Capp Ft.
WANTED — Boy or girl to board In private fam-
ily; from 7 to 15 years. 1220 Howard Bt.
WANTED— Child to board; mother's care. 41SV(
Namma st.. near Fifth.
nUSIXES- CHANCES.
J7M)— BEST delicacy and home bakery In San
! Francisco: large. light store, on main street,
north Market, with fine living-rooms and
Ijath. LANE & CO.. SGO Market Bt.
I .
$400— IN money-making location, near Market;
finelv fitted candy and Ice cream store, doing
brisi business; exceptional opportunity for
ar.y one wishing a genuine concern. LANE
& CO., S'ni Market st.
AN old-established wholesale and retail candy
store In best location and dolne an excellent |
business; fine fixtures and machinery; lnvesti-
" palion a?ked; trial allowed; owner retiring; I
l>nee $4000, terms to suit. Lane & Co.. S65 Mkt.
i A— Jt">0: MUST be sold; stationery, circulating
i library, papers and laundry office in best loca-
j tion in city; bargain. LANE _ CO., S65 Mrkt.
I $17:— DELICACY and dairy produce; large,
1 clean stock: good business: tine location;
cheap rent; oaorif.ee. Lane & Co.. S6S Market, j
1 &J0OG- SNAP; road house In San Joaqutn Co.,
• with 10 acres of good land; 5-rocm cottage;
I barn for 24 horses; trade $8 to $10 per day;
i also included in sale county contract worth
$3 50 per day; talk quick If you want a good |
home and a living with it. For further par- j
ticulnrs: rail C. F. MOOIiE. 93J Market, r. C.
I » FIN'i: n_ylnc store; this is a Krar.;l chance;
¦will s"ll cheap: books can be seen: it will pay
you to Investigate. 1517 and 1319 I'ark et.,
AlamcCa.
_____ rotate and Insurance agents having own
office cn-1 F>imp spare time can Increase their
Incomes without expense or Interfering with |
present business and make permanent connec-
t'.rn with well-known financial house. Ad- •
i dress Financial^ box 2OS7. New York City.
i FOR~ salvor exchange— Two-chair barber shop,
[ billiard room, clear store and nice living
¦ room 1 * In thriving county site; prices, ehav-
I inz 23c haircutt!n_ COc; monthly income from
i *"T3 to t'i^O For particulars address GER-
i TBCPE M. PIGOOTT. Elko. Xev. |
i rVE Inverted $30^0 in the most legitimate busi- ;
ness; I nred JICXO more to Invest; It will then I
J* $100 a week profit: the first man with good ,
recommendation can have a chance by invest- i
Inx J1000 to be a partner in the business; in- ¦
resUg-te. Box S4SG. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced bookkeeper to Invest
iiooG to {yiOO In an established, i>rofltable man-
ufacturing business; this Is a golden opportu-
nlty to flrst-clas'8 man with good references.
Call room 3. & Market Bt.
', AM the inventor of an article which can be
manufactured East at II; can be gold here
fcr $3- want to meet party with $1000; can
double money In 90 days. Box 3484. Call office.
' RETI111NG partner will pel! his 11500 interest in
a pood "cash Gaily" delivery business; excel-
lent invebtment; pogltion, {20 per week, to
; buyer; trial given. Ho- 34SL Call.
; MAKE $5C0 a month selling formulas for mak-
ing smokeless gun and blasting powder at 12c
I><r lh; great demand; particulars free. Da-
i kota Lanl Co.. I'ukwana. S. I).
1 A— SINX)— PARTNER wanted In light business
<<ulte<l to plain, eteady man satisfied with SIS
| to $25 a week: no experience required; trial
> given. 9 Geary *t., room 2. )
BY two live business men. party' to Invest
'. $10,000 to fi&.GOO In flret-class buslnees; can
guarantee 10 to 13 i>er cent on investment;
f flirt-clans references. Box 3432, Call offlce.
1 CHICKEN ranch— 1000 chickens; all imple-
ments: well located; 6 acres: city water: rent
; $12. Inquire Blacksmith, Upper Fruitvale.
' FOR sole or rent— Good road house near San
1 Jose; rent cheap to right party.- Address
1X>UIS SCHLOSS. Ean Jose. . "
' $43— DELICACY Btore, fully equipped for busi-
ness; must be scrld to-day. 220 Leaven worth.
- A FULLY equipped horseshoeing *hop. ready to
i-tart work; very cheap. Box S470. CaU.
i SALOON for "eale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
? ¦ East st., north of Market; no agents.
j LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
\ dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent, sell or exchange. For . particulars
write JOHNSON _ CARR, Monterey. Cal. '
BUSINESS CHANCES COI~TI1VT~CD.
A— $2500 $2500 J 2500
Restaurant, water front;
handsomely fitted;
finest location In city;
nva'ft 25c and upward;
recelDts $60 to $70;
rent re— sonabla; lease;
splendid proposition;
will bear investigation
KTENBERG CO., 935 Market st.
EASY money to be made by furnishing names
and addresses of persons suffering from con-
sumption, cancer. Brlghts disease, catarrh,
blood and nervous diseases. Address Box Us,
Call. __^ '
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant: other
barber and cigars. Opp. new- depot, 693
Fourth st. .
SALOON lor Kale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
East St.. north of Market; no agents.
FOR SALE— Steam laundry doing a business
from $125 to $150 per week; well fitted up and
the only steam laundry within 30 miles: In a
prosperous town In the Raeramento Valley,
with a population from &000 to 7000; reason for
tale going to Europe; terms $1400 cash; must
sell lns-ide of 2 months. Address Box 3430,
Call Offlce.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business restaur-
ant; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-houfe, S4 rooms newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
fiHd, Cal. ¦
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location ; place is entirely covered: contains 3
ftalls; rent only $15; water free. Inquire >.\ M.
HENDRICKBON fc CO.. 614 Call building.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon: must be sold
within ten days: bargain; reason, other press-
Ing Interests. Information. Sunset, 32a Mont-
gomery Bt., rooms 3 and 4.
FOR SALE— Cheap: a small grocery and bar,
with or without furniture of 2 rooms. Box
3445, Call offlce^^
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry: present
owner there 6 years. 607 Third st. |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6
Valencia ft^
I.O»GI.\«-HOl'SES TOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Many hotels and big housf-s, $2000 to $2a,000.
31 paying hour-es. 16 to 24 rooms, all prices.
14 good houses of 14 rooms, from $4i5 up.
4S cheap houses, 7 to 12 rooms, from J250 up.
I have 27 buyers; list your house with me.
R H WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
15 rooms; tine comer; a bargain f6o0
37 rooms; paying house i-"\M
60 rooms; clears $150: reduced to zono
65 rooms; best In city; corner 32W
6C0 other paying houses to select from.
HOt'SKS from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations; |
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy- i
ers; money loaned. BCHWE-NHARD & CO
917 Market St., oi>p. Mason, phonejHlntJL9ll. ]
30~nOOMS=. rent fSO: near Sutter St.; new oak
furniture: transient: must sell by the 1st;
price $1000. C. D. DAVIS, r. 69. 916 Market. J
43 ROOMS, new furniture; $1800 mortgage, J25 j
mo. naj-ments: S. of Market: muet s»U this <
vk. ; price $2400. CD. DAVIS, r.69. 916 Market, j
"campaign ihoto buttons!
MFIT-'Of -II kinds of rhoto buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send, for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co..*933 Market ?t.. S. F.
CAIU'liT IlKATl-V 5 AXU LI.K.l.MMi.
WHEN you become disgusted with Voor work
F<?nd to BPAULDING'- Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S."3-33" Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
?.!2-344 McAllister St.; 'phone South 146.'
J E MITCHRLL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth at.: tel. Mlfs-lon 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.: tel. South 2. r .0.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4.13 Ptevenson gt. : tel. South 22S: lowest raley. j
CARPETS cleaned Bt 3c per yard, laid at 4c. j
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. i
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.; |
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM. proprietor. j
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden I
Oate ave.: telephone. Knst 12R.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL klnd« of wagons. bUKKies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. KOAN & SOX. 2117 Mlynlon ft.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, alno light
camping wagon, for pale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesg. work & driving horses. I.'th Xr Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
CKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Si UlITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 85S Mis-
Flon; readings dally: 25c, DOc and $1: circle
Tues., Thur*.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist:
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 15S1 Market St.,
near Twelfth.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night. 10c; Fkeptics Invited; sit. dai'y.
MRS ETIQUE. 1204— Killmore— Circle this eve.,
10c; reading dally, 50c.
WATSON, famouF medium and palmist; lucky
and true; 25c and BOc. loSl Market, nr. 12th.
MRS HOTTER, 34 Sixth 8t., circle to-day. 2
& 8 p. m. : 10c; Eittings dally; G. »1; L. 50c.
MR8.JJ.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
rnedlnm. life render: fitting H. H"4 M-.rk"'.
CLAUtVOYAM'S.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tell*
past, future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian »ecret; shows picture future hus-
. band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; or>on Sundaye. 11C7 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
! MME. PORTEH. wonderful clairvoyant. & card
i reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles uOc;
gents $1: palm & clalr. sit. }1 50. 12fl Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: pa«t.
| present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth Bt., room 1-4.
I MME. LEMONT reads cards clalrvoyantly; la-
dies 50c, gentlemen Jl. 19 Powell Ft.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: beat advice, 23c
up. 623 Mission, nrar Fourth; no e'.gn.
MJSS AIMEE. gifted clairvoyant, card reader.
2S6 Natoma Bt.. nr. 4th; Thur.. Frl.. Sat. Sun.
JIME. TiTCHEDA. the RyP«y. Is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. B Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittirra dally. 2I2H Sixth st.
KME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 Btmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason gt.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921V4 Mission. op.Mlnt.
i>ME. RAVENNA re_ds life fluently; business
I advice; name* given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
' MMfi. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: rent $6 50: China ave..
off Mission road. Inquire LZ5\b Stevenson St.
1 3 ROOMS; JS: 237 Sunnyside ave., or will sell
i $:>0 cash, 110 per month. THE MCCARTHY
] CO., 646 Market st^
'• $8 TO $10— 2 ccttaees. 4 and C rooms; renovated,
quiet, punnv. 172 Ferris Bt.. near Geary.
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED— Modern cottage, 4 to 6 rooms, bath;
i rent reasonble; references.- 703 Post Bt.
j DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTHO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done pa!ul*s?ly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold- crowns,
53 EO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. m. G, W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for palnlers dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $!i; fillings,
K)c:crown,$3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prUes for best crowns plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; -no students; advice free; prices
cheapeot and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEOROE \V. LEEK. 20 O'Fnrrell at.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
aide; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of t-eth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG UOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital/Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits $1 £0; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DR. CREELY'S C.P.mange cur* and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. S10 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRE-SES
I. F. dressmaking school; latest me a tn0( *" : 5*a7
terms; dresses made to order. 709 Stockton at.
IE11OVED- McDowell Dressmaklnjr, Millinery
School to 1019 Market »t., above Sixth.
5. F. Dressmaking. Ladle.' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary •*-iJ*Vg* m
made, $5 up; dresaes made over; perfect nu ,
_ME. REMBERT. 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
VCCORDEON. pleating factory; all kt ° d^ r Pi,!**"
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorAMoffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
VYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $C0; Includes shorthand t>P m *;
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening,
just added new buslnees practice offices and
20 new typewriters. _______
(ILL students but two taking full course thl-
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin St.:
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date,- ail
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. • day, eve. : eat. lstw.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market
PIANO and Germnn; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6tn.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet at.,
S. F.; founded 18C3; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
rieflgnlng. carving, all branches. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A.— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; cstabl. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 13S.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
DRPH15UM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black o0.2.
JAPANESE and Chinese Emnloyment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
})p«t help. 4UH O'Fnrrell st.; tel. East .4*P.
EMl'LOVMEXT \V*>TEII- — KEMALK.
A— TWO first-class waitresses desire situations,
hotel or bourding-liouse. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter ct. ¦.-:.¦.' ¦¦¦¦:¦, ¦"¦
GIRL wants situation to work in small family;
a rood instructor to children, or work in of-
flce; good education. Address 41 Brady St.,
MISS FLYNN.
A COMPETENT dressmaker and seamstress
wants sewing in families; cuts and fits la-
dies' and children's dresses; alterations, re-
pairing, mending, etc.: $1 50 a day. Address
Mrs. W.. box 3169. Call ofttce.
A NEAT, reliable, American young woman do-
Fires a place to assist in housework or as
nurse girl where she can have her mother
with her: references; wages $5 a month. Ad-
dress MISS C. M., Station B, East Oakland.
AMERICAN woman wishes day work In famK
lies; is thorough laundress or will do general
work; ?1 10 day. I»1RS. ROBERTS, 32Vi Na-
toma st., near Ninth, rear.
WANTED— By a capable woman of 30 a posi-
tion where energy and industry would be ap-
preciated; has had business training and can
furnish bonds if necessary. Box 3464, .Call.
HOUSEKEEPER; position wanted by middle-
aged German lady without Incumbrance; no
children; good home more than wages; coun-
try. Box 3463, Call office.
FIRST-CLA5S cock, also second girl or wait-
ress; would like to take charge of club or
doctor's home. Address X. W.. Call office.
A GERMAN girl. 14 years old. wants a place
for light housework; like to sleep home. Ap-
ply TISVir Bryant St.
SWEDISH girl, 20 years old, wishes to do gen-
eral housework in American family. Ad-
dress M., box 3474, Call office.
SITUATIOX wanted by a competent womanito
do hous-ework In a small family; good plain
cock and kind to children; references given.
Address box C4S2, Call oHlce.
SITUATIOX wanted by a competent woman to
do housework in a small family; good, plain
cook and kind to children; references give::.
Box 34K, CaU offlce.
A NICE young Swedish girl wishes situation In
a nice family for housework or second work;
wages $20; please call Monday. 2666 Twenty-
Ffcond «t.', near York; take Bryant-st. car.
COMPETENT, trustworthy housekeeper or po-
sition of trust: good cook and seamstress.
Address box 2002, Call offlce, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper for lodging-house
or largo house. Apply 12 Oak st.
WOMAN wishes work in laundry; is good,
quick Ironer; reasonable wages. Box 3486, Call.
A YOUNG girl as lady's companion or assist
in light housework. Address 1530 Folsom st.
A YOL'XG lady wishes a situation to do light
housework or chamberwork. Box 34S3, Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework;
city or country: small wages. 144 Fifth, r. 14.
A LADY would like the care, of one or two
children, Addrets box 2058. Call offlce.
A GERMAN woman wants work by dav;
washing, ironing and cleaning. 1651 Howard.
GERMAN girl would like work by day. 14
Capp st^ ______
COMPETENT woman wishes work by day,
washing, ironing and house-cleaning. 6_>
Birch ave.
POSITION as companion to Invalid lady or
care for and instruct child over 6; also •un-
derstands German; willing to travel; refer-
ences. IJox 34S5, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
821 Mission st.. room 1.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. • 116 Sixth st., room 6.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants a child
to hoard; good references. Call 3012 16th st.
WINCHE8TEH House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to }G
week; convenient and respectable; free bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branqh office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1096 Va-
lenrla St.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
AMERICAN Eastern young fellow, 22 years
old. intelligent, honest, active and polite, de-
sires a position in lawyer's or physician's of-
fice or as valet; one who would take an In-
terest in him as roommate as well as em-
ploye preferred; reference. Box 1910, Call.
W ANTED— By a reliable middle-aged man who
Is used to handling poultry, eggs, etc., a posi-
tion with a commission house; steady place
more an object than high wages; can give
best of reference. Address CD.. Call offlce.
YOUNG German would like situation In gro-
cery or tend bar; is well acquainted with
city; has good recommendation. Box 3473,
Call office.
LAWYER with several years' experience in
offlce desires position in law firm. Addresa
box 3475, Call office^ V
HAXDY ' man and general mechanic wants
steady Job; moderate wages. Address Relia-
ble, box 246S. Call office*.
A STEADY, reliable dumber desires- a posi-
tton. Box 3471. Call.
TWO young Germans wish any kind of em-
ployment. Box 3472, Call.
ENGINEER familiar with all . kinds of ma-
chinery and who has had experience as trav.
. elinc salesman, would like' position; city oi
country. Box 2355, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of IS desires position with re-
sponsible nttorney: chance to advance. Ad-
drers box 34S7. Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY, intelligent young mar
(well-educated Japanese) would like position
as vnlet to gent or lady who is going to Ja-
pan or China; will give best' satisfaction. Box
34SS. Call.
SOBER, reliable, single gardener desires situa-
tion; understands lawn, tlowers, milking; gen-
erally useful around private family; good
reference; city or country. Box 2353, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation where he will
have gome time to study and attend evening
school; object, home. Box 3459, Call.
AN American man, temperate and of good hab-
it!", can give references, would like positior
In business house in the city. Box 3458, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants position school boy li
small family. J. H., 320 Fifth St.
POSITION as flrrt-class baker and pastry cook
will go to country if desired; hotel work pre-
frrred. Box 3444, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:
received at CaU branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A -BRANCH ottiee for Call advertisements anc
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia it.
- EXCHANGE.
5 ROOM cottage; right in town; marine view
for a 2-*tory house; pay difference. Box 2954
Call offlce. - , ..
EXPERT OFTICIASS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician
1071% Market (near Seventh) : examlnatloi
. free; German eye water by mail, 50c; see CIt;
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad
Justed. X.. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES AND FLATS: _' .
A. M. SPECK & CO., tm Market Bt.
1137 Geary, h., 10 r..$tt | 154 Hawthorne, t . . >
25 Baker, h.. 10 r... 65 I 8 r -*22 M
»18 Hyde. h.. 7 r... 40 f3O'/4 Treat ave.. 6 r. 18
800 McAllister, h.. 8 r 45 1419A Green. _. 4 r.. 20
tSOfr Tehama. f., 6 r. 10 • .
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats: B and < rooms
and bath each; $25 and $23. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave. _J '¦ - .
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath;
fine basement, nice yard. 132 Castro, nr. 15th.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Thlra.
A 4 room flat with large yard, stables and
wagon sheds. 2 Hayward St.. near 8th.
BOWIE ave., 12— Lower flat, furnished or un-
furnished; 3 rooms, kitchen and laundry;
bath, sanitary plumbing. ;
BOYCE, 75. near Geary— Top sunny flat, 4
rooms; bath; glassed porch; rent >8.
FIVE light sunny rooms and basement. 1S3
Lily ave.; key at 136 Page st.,
FURNISHED flat, 3 rooms; basement, yard; to
careful tenant. $20. 220 Oak st.
IF you want to move set printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1515, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms:
bath, laundry, yard: rent $18.
NE: CORNER Nineteenth and Noe sts., warm
belt of the Mission; 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars: 2 lovely lower 4 and 6
room flats; modern; sun all day: rent $14 and
$18; water free. •
PINE, 1319— Rear upper flat ot * rooms and
bath; rent $9.
PINE, 2319%. near Fillmore— Sunny modern up-
per flat; 5 rooms; bath.
RENT $8; upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 212
Harriet «t.. between Harrison and Bryant,
Sixth and Seventh^
SECOND, 513—2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $8 and $10; bath, yard.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 rooms, bath.
2319V4 Pine st., near Fillmore.
UNION. S19. near Powell st. cars— Flat of 7
rooms and bath; nice marine view.
$11 50— NICE flat of 4 large sunny rooms; bath,
pas and large yard. 3028 Nineteenth st, be-
tween Noe and Sanchez.
4 AND 6 room flats, oft* Howard St., bet. 12th
and 13th. ' Key at 1628 Howard st.
$10— UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl st.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$14—5 ROOMS, bath'; new Improvements; big
yard. 271B Clementina st.
$22 £0— MODERN, flat. 8 rooms, bath: newly
grained; first-class. 1128 Howard, nr. Seventh.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the-
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
FLAT- TO LET — FURNISHED.
GROVE. 818, near Fillmore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and eido
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON fk BTTRKB.
GEARY. 1131. bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Modern lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.
HOWARD, ,529— Sunny flat of 5 rooms, yard;
water free: rent $12.
NICELY furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath, at
121S*-i Halght St.. near Central ave.
$10— SUNNY clean flats, 3-4 rooms: rear flat,
$7 50; yard, cellars. IOCS Natoma St., nr. 11th.
FDUNITL'RK FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture of 6 room*; Clayton st.
Apply 257 Page st^
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUIIXITUH.— WANTED.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. Days
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
H.E.LI* wa:.tkd-f_male.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1?5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress for Byron SprinRS, $20; waitress.
CarrviHe, beautiful mountain hotel, $20, fare
paid; waitresses, San Mateo. $20; waitresse*
for Stockton, Marysville, Sacramento, Duns-
muir, Vallejo, Newman. Bakersfleld, Wood-
land. San Mateo, Berkeley. Ukiah and city,
$20 and $25; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
pantry girl, country. $25; 2 chambermaids,
$15 •
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook. $25 and fare paid; woman with
a child, see party here at 10 a. m. Monday;
German or Swedish housekeeper for old ladv,
$15; 5 second girls, city and adjacent cities;
CO house girl*, city and country, and others
too numerous to mention. C. R. IIANSEX &
CO.. 104 Geary Bt-' .
WANTED— Laundress, private family, see lady
Monday forenoon. $30; 4 second girls. $20 and
125 see lady at office: waitress, also chamber-
maid, enme country hotel, $20 and $25: 4
cooks, plain wash, $30. and a very large num-
ber of Rlrls for general housework for city
and country. Monday morning, too numer-
ous for us to advertise; work for all win
want a situation. Apply to J. F. CROSETT.
316 Sutter Bt.
A COLORED girl, housework, $20. 2 In family.
MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, Santa Rosa, $.35. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st
A TEX chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sut-
ter St.
WANTED— A woman to travel In the middle
and Western States; must be healthy, a good
worker and responsible. Addresa Traveler,
box 3479. Call otllce.
A YOUNG Klrl can have a good home, kind
treatment, board and clothes in exchange for
assisting with light housework; orphan pre-
ferred. Address MRS. B-. box 3483. Call.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work and cooking: 2 in family; $20. 1445 Me-
AlUster st. : call Monday.
GIRL for general housework; family of three
adults; good home for right person; wages
$10. 1G09 McAllister st.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; 3 in fam-
ily; wages $15. 2114 Green st.. Monday.
YOUNG girl to assist caring for baby: sleep
| home; Monday afternoon. 1516 O'Farrell st.
Ji LADY of indomitable energy, possessed ol
pelf-assertion; good opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
SWEDISH, German or Danish girl or woman
for housekeeper for old lady In San Jose. Call
to-day at J548 Twenty-third st.
WOMAN /or housework; recommendations;
wages $8* MRS. M. L. COOPER, Redwood
City. '
¦ EXPERIENCED girl or woman to take care ol
' child and do light housework; $10; good
home. 2520 Mission St., near Twenty-first.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
1 wear to work in our factory: also work given
1 home. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome Bt.
• YOUNG girl or elderly woman to assist In light
' housework. 138 XInth St., in stationery store.
WANTED— Girl to assist with children and
make herself generally useful; good home;
low waxes. 1S08 Geary st.
" WAXTED — A lady to assist in giving bath;
' ' and massage; gcod home and fair pay U
right party: state age. Box 3477, -Call offlce
WANTED — A neat young girl for housework.
J 710 Hyde st.
NEAT, active woman to. assist In email fam-
ily; good home; reasonable wages. 1016 Ma-
\ son st.
NEAT girl for light housework; $10 to $12. Call
at 812 Ellis ft.
i APPRENTICES wanted at tailoring. BEI.AS-
CO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
A GOOD home in the country for child: term:
$3 a month; can Rive mother work in the citj
In a factory. Address box 3490, Call offlce.
1 WANTED— A girl to learn dressmaking. 6 Eddj
St., room 96.
1 NEAT girl for dining room; $6 per week; res
¦ taurant. 206 McAllister st.
- AXY lady can make $1S to $25 weekly by rep-
resenting us In her locality; position Is pleas
) ant, profitable, and I will gladly send ful
particulars: no deception: even your span
time Is valuable. Address MRS. MARY E
• WHEELER, 87 Washington St.. Chicago. Ill
. EXPERIENCED canners wanted: st-ady work
, highest wages paid. Apply immediately. U
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
" GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32V4 Fremont St.
no experience necessary; good wages. Appl;
: to MR. DAVIS.
¦ APPRENTICES on overalls. STAND ARI
SHIRT FACTORY', cor. Gough and Grove *ts
• STENOGRAPHER "desirous of studying law
n state experience, salary expected and refer
y ences. - Box 3443, CaU offlce.
- WANTED— Experienced gewers for - ladies
- .. waists and children's wear; can earn $7 t
:. f.12 a week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market Bt
HELP WAJITED— FEMA-.B.
WANTED—An apprentice *Irl for tailoring on
coats. Apply -t 824 Folsom ¦-
WANTED-A woman for light tomiwwork: j »
g^od home and small wages. 724 Clementln-
I^Tbetween Eighth and Klntn. .
YOUNG girl between the a«e of 12 uui W to
assist in light housework In exchange for
good homo. Apply 2 Octavl* st.
> _s5 n 8S-»>~ ! e'a °v°-b? .*'"'•
aysr 1 """°' J ' r -
a _?_?--?_-r JS-ya "* °°°"
tlon. Cutting' b branch. Seventh and Berry.
WANTED-A cirl for pressing waists. 409A
Turk »t.. S. F. Mfg. Co.
YOUNG Protestant girl to assist In light house-
work; good home: S3 month. Box 3148. Call.
WANTED-Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. between 13th and Uth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements » r i2 v BU^?, < m I Pi e °f l t 9
received at Call branch offlce. 2230 FlUmore »t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisemen- and
subscriptions has been established at. 1098
Valencia st.
UELP U'AATEU — MALE^ £
A-MURRAY _ READY.. ..PHONJE MAIN 6HS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE ¦••¦•••
7469 men for all parts of <~lifornla. Ltah.
Washington. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and "awaUan Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY U
And no other expense* to Reno (Nev.) Dlst.
Los Angeles District Truckee District
Santa Barbara District sl J asta . Dls i.- ?
Salt Lake City District. .Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz District Newman District
Dunsmuir District Bakersfleld Dlstr ct
Soda Springs District Madera Distric.
San Luis District Sur L£i?f2£ i
SPECIAL TO SHASTA COUNTY DISTRICT. !
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free tree
COME ONE COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, eplkers. section hands, tumiei-
men. steel gangs, etc. : wages $3. 12 oO, ?- *:•>.
$2. $1 90 a day and free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only fl fee; no other expenses; come
see "•••
free -• free
MURRAY & READY, 634-836 Clay st.
A-65 CARPENTERS. ..Carpenters. ..Carpenters
12 carpenters, bridge and trestle work. 13 25
day, very loni? Job, FREE FARE
S carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc.. 1 year's Job: also many house carpen-
ters, wages $3 EO. $3. "*2 50 and J3 a day and fd
6S laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
experience required, you'll suit, wages, $30,
$35, $40 and found, 1 year's Job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — MIXES — GOLD. SILVER and Other Mines.
163 miners, some single-hand, some double,
eome machine and Burlelgh drillers for 37
different mines $S0. $75 and *60 and found
365 rrlen to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required.
$60, HO, $48, $40 i-er month and found, ccme
ses: fireman, 16 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn
mining 1 :
CROWDS GOING MURRAY & READS'.
BIG WAGES PAID .634-636 Clay «t.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
S9 SAWMILLS. ETC
Circular sawyer, $4 and found
; 20 swampers, $40 and found
Spool tender, $65 and found
26 bark peelers, $40 and found
Gangedger hand. $60 and found
Jackscrewers
Screw turner. $65 and found Tree feller3
Bench hand, planing mill, $90.... Drag sawyer
Woods foreman: sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help for mills and
woods. $120 to J30 and found
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
3C5 laborers and men for sawmills and wood*,
you'll suit, no experience wanted, $30, $35, $40
and $50 and found ¦•
4S7 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc.. for all
parts of California, some at gold mines. *3.
$2 50, $2, $1. 7oc cord, 10c. lie, 12c, 13c each.
tools and food found; 25 two- horse teamsters
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay at...
A-FRUIT PICKING 3 MONTHS 1 JOB
53 men and stronc boy? to pick all kinds of
fruits etc anybody will do. 130 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-FREE FARE. .WAREHOUSE WORK.. Free
25 laborers to work in warehouse. 10 noun
day. $2 50 day. you'll suit, no experience re-
qu'lred. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— COME down and get our list of 7S63 jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. COME
EARLY. MURRAY & READY. 634-626 Clay.
A— STABLES.. DAIRIES.. FARMS... HARVEST
FIELDS. ...HAY PRESSES.... ORCHARDS...
ETC COME.. ..SEE
36 stablemen for city and country Jobs; host-
lers, buggy washers, harness cleaners and all
round stablemen. *53. *45, $40. $35. $30. $15 and
found
93 (arm hands, etc $35. $30. $28 and found
37 mllker9 and butter-makers
$35. $30. $25 and found
12 harvest hands, 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 choremen and boys.. $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd
sheep herders; coachmen and gardeners, pri-
vate. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-MECHAXICAL HELP
36 blacksmiths, alao helpers and horseshoers.
?"> to $2 a day
6 wagon woodworkers, $2 50, $3
coremaker*. $3
3 carriage makers. $3 6 Iron molders, $3 50
! 3 bridge builders, $3 50 paper-hanger
, handy man around machinery on ranch, $30
t and found: painters, carriage trimmers, har-
i ness makers, cabinet makers, coopers and
other mechanics, $3 50, $4. $3. $2 50 day
COME ALL
] MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
I . — .
i A— WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
1S97 to upward of 17.000 men
1!W? to upward of 19.000 men
1S99 to upward of 21,000 men
2S8 teamsters, laborers, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, including San Francisco and Oakland.
53, $2 50, $2. $1 75 day. some board at home
rccountant for lumber company
boys for factories, stores, etc., $4, $5, $6 week:
boys to deliver circulars: farmers and wives;
choremen and wives. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay et.
A— HOTEL LAUNDRY. ...BAKERY.. Butchers'
• department
48 cooks, come see.:.. $70. $60. $: 1 0. $40. $20 fd
39 waiters $35. $30. $25 and found
19 dishwashers.... $30. $26. $25. $20. $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35, $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, second and third
hands: also boys. $5". $<<0, $40. $30, $25 and fd:
14 laundrymen. $J5, $30 and found.. COME SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
A— C. R. HAKSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakerfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry I $2 a day
10O laborers for different divisions
Ship <?aily Office fee. $1 Free fare.
Four more house carpenters; S. P. Co. work;
$3 a day; board $4 50 a week; free fare.
25 laborers for sawmill and woods, Mendo-
clno Co., $26' and board, fare advanced; 20
coal and quartz miners. $2 50 a day; 10 men to
hnndl* grain. 25 cents on hour; coachman,
good references. $3S; 6 blacksmiths and wood-
workers, $2 and $2 50 a day; woodchoppera,
farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Nurse for an institution, country. $30 and
found: meat cutter, country shop. $45: cook,
cour.tr>* hotel, $40; 10 waiters, different coun-
' try hotels and restaurants. $2r>. $?,o and $3 j
week: porter, country hotel, $25; porter, coun-
try hotel. $20; oysterman. $40; third cook,
country. $30; murker and distributor, $»s and
board: r.eat bellboy with references. ¦ $25. C
R. HANSEN & CO.^4 Geary st.
A— ERRAND boy who knows city and livei
with parents for this office.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 104 Geary st
A— WANTED Monday, 7:30 a. m., with biaiT
ket.«. ready to start on train. 60 laborers, S
P. Co.. work at Surf: $2 a day, free fare; fe«
$1: board J'4 SO a week.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 104 Geary Et
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SHOE-CUTTER on men's kip and grain. \d
dress California Shoe Co., Petaluma, CaL
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy an.
push; good opportunity to right man. F
; PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
; BRIGHT boy wanted for Jewelry store; stat
| references. Box 3462. Call offlce.
WANTED-Contractors to bid on erectlm
water tower 40 feet high and sufflcientl-
stronsr, to hold up tank holdln- 26.500 gallon
: of wfiter. For particulars address F. SPAN
GENBERGER, secretary. Mountain View
Cal.
¦ WANTED— By an established, well-rated firm
1 - «:heme or specialty men to sell an exceeding
: - ly attractive and salable line; special term
' ¦ and unique inducements; high-priced men in
vestlgate. Box 432. Detroit. Mich.
SEVERAL trustworthy persons to manage ou
> business In their own and nearby counties
mainly office work conducted at home; salar
$300 _ year and expenses: mention referenc
' ard inclose self-addressed stamped envelop*
• The Dominion Co., Dept.' L.. Chicago. ¦
WANTED— A waiter. People's Restaurant. 63
' c -ay Bt. ' . ¦ . ¦ .
) WANTED— A good turner at WM. BATE
MAN'S. 835 Folsom »t-
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BRIGHT, active roungr man, about IS. who re-
sides with parents, for tea and crockery store;
experience not n*ceas_ry. but raiut be gooU
at flpures and come well recemmenu'-c; -tteailv
position for an honest and in.lustrt.ai9 young
man. Addresa Actrve. box 34oi. CaU.
NEAT boy of IS or IS for laundry wa?on; om
that lives at the MlssOon. Call at t_) Fair
Oak» st. at 4 p. m.
A BOY past 13 yeni-s — arrted as apprentice In
an architect's offlse; no wajrea f:r the first
in months. Address in wi . h-wdwrlttn?.
statins school quaiificationa. bcx ZJjB. ».all.
GOOD collector and nolicltor wanted; call
Monday, between 8 and 10 a- m £;. Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. W. A. jgEgg_:
NEW eools; quick sales: salary or comrnls-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood buildln,. . t
BOY wanted: steady employment. tuuiw
MANN & CO., 410 Msssion at.
WANTEtV-Apprentlce boy to learn the jewelry
trade. -M Post st.
WAITER wanted: come g^^, 17 ' 13 Powe!1 gt -
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers wanted. BEL-VSCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St. _____
WAXTED— Waicon wor^l — orlcer and black-
smith's helr>er. 5S7 Uranrtan at.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and -d *is.
W L_bJrTn_"men. $1 85 to J2 40 per day.
Skille. nven^^-^ffi^^-.
Ke^wick. Sht^gta Co.. CaL
GOVERNMENT poaitlnns— Do j-ru want one?
Get ready now: circular 115. giving particu-
lars as to salaries, dates of examination, etc.,
ient free by Nat'l Correspondence Institute.
Washington, D. C. -Write to-day.
GET your shoes half-soled while w_tln*. 23o to
50c. 662 Mission tt.. bet. 1-t and :_ sta.
WAVTED— Families to camp and work on fruit
farm- fare from 9. F. $1 B: nothing but
white' labor employed and no disorderly char-
acters allowed en prcmlsea: two to three
months' steady work for adults and children
Svct 12 For particulars -uldresa 101 Sansoma
St room 26, or Inquire from 9 to 10 a. m. and
3 to 6 P- m.. Saturdays e_c<>pted. •_
CASH boy. wanted: only u w» 1 «j
school need apply. S. IS. WOOD CO.. 711
Market at. ________
WAVTED-Recrults for the I'nited States Ma-
rine Corps U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
rte_ Sot _ood character: between the age,
of 21 and » years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 f»et \ Inch ia height:
mSt be citizens of the United State, or per-
iSns who nave legally declared their inten-
tfons To become citizens: able to read writ*,
andepeak Enclish properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine R«^u» ln £ ° f '
flee 40 Ellis ft.. Ban Francisco. CaK. WOK st.
gacVamento. CaL. or 10S8 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
¦WAXTED— Coal miners can s«cure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company at
328 Montgomery at., San Francisco S_a
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
HANDY man; understands paper hanglnar.
paint!-*, etc!! $-1 per month. Ahlborn Houae.
321 Grant ave. • ___
BRIGHT boy for attorney's office. Address
box 3447. Call office.
i FIRST-CLAPS helpers wanted in carrla_i»
" factory. 630 Broadway. .
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know .
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, m Third st. : 150 larg©
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to K per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 Uth st.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Constn action Company.
MEN and women to learn barber tradp; small
wajres while learning: catalogue mailed free.
8. f. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and sreen hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, J? Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
, years* practice: Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Thir<i St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, :3c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: ~Zc to jZ per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla gt.
HOKSKS. LIVK STOCK. Etc — For »»!•
40 HORSES for sale: also wa~o n». bu«jriea.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
S ULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — 2 extra Ene carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FINE stock Durham bull. Arply Rose st. and
Ban Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
HORSES— Young, well broken: for all purposes:
cheap: beat In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSE.N A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath. 134 Cedar are.,
off Van Ness, near Oeary st.
FIRST. »03 Just above Folsom— « rooms for t
families; In good order; |_.
MODERN house, 10 rooms: bath; stabl* ia
rear. S17 Union at., near Powell st. c— — .
$30— HOUSE of 3 rooms, bath; open plumbing;
new paper. 1S23 Broadway.
HOCSES TO LET FUtXlSnED.
130— HANDSOME corner cottage; furnished: T
rooms: stable; Berkeley. C. HENDERSON.
804 Montgomery st.
HYPNOTISM.
LEARN to "control and Influence others":
¦•professional diploma" : terms — faaonable.
Address "College of Suggestive Therapeutics."
1581 Market st.. near Twelfth.
_OST AMD FOLND.
LOST— On Market St.. Saturday evening, 2Sth
lnst., small square enameled watch and two
diamond medallion charms; liberal reward it
returned to 6 New Montgomery Bt. KAVAN-
AGH BROS.
LOST— Friday afternoon, large white New-
foundland dog, named Snow. Liberal reward
If returned to 273C Folsom. St.; -no questions
asked: number of tag 5C1.
; | LOST July 27, an Irish setter dog. Please re-
, turn to Officer Crowley, Seventeenth-^. Po-
lice Station, and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, between OoMen Gat»
ave. and Haight st.. entrance of Golden Gata
Park. Finder return to 1213 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — A bunch of keys on Sacramento St.. be-
tween Front and ferry bu'.ldln_. Finder r*«-
turn to 221 Front st.. room 7; suitable reward.
LOST— A small alligator grip on Market-st. car,
: Tiburon ferry or train. Reward. —1-227 Bush.
$25 REWARD— Lost Tuesday nlsht. July 17. at
Columbia Theater, a pair of opera glasses and
> bag: marked "Mrs. A. Heynemann"; set With
• gold watch on trp. Return to 2C0S FlUmore:
no questions ayked. _^^_____________ ____
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rin«_
from my residence at 7?7 Washington st.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
i B-carat diamond ring to me Immediately no
' questions will be asked. DR. TONG FO CHL
1 LOST— A jrold nus&et charm; shape of eagle's
wings: diamond set. Fimi^r will receive t_>
j reward by addressing box 3446. Call.
• LO3T— Silver mounted cap of cnupe. Finder
return to W. H. nAKNKTT. i0 Clay: reward.
i " r
FO V y>— Greyhound. 141S Baker st.
FOUND— Greyhound. Inquire at 435 Eighth St.,
*! city-
; . 31_OICAI_
1 DRTTpcT^fRirbAVIES. 12:rMarkeT7t^-ncn-
able ladles' ami gents' «peclallsts: 32 y»*n
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flc; ladles treated can return home the .<a~9
day; try »he celebrated HINDO HEKH rreat--
\ ment for home cure: ar.y ore can use It by di-
rections- perfectly harmless; hom"? for confine-
ment. Fend five I-cent stamrs for circular.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. |3. positive cure; home for patients he-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential:
hours 9 to S and 7 to 8; PunJavs lrt to 2.
5 US Eddy at., bet. Leavenwcrth and Hyde.
a DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world- renowned
Indies' specialist: safe and reliable; hits prac-
ticed in San Francisco for year.*; treated thou-
rands of ca.«e9 successfully) treatment can b»
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call en him. lC_'i Market st.
. DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladies' specialists.
1( have returned from Europe: safe and reliable:
.. cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
s ' success: 15 years' practice In 3. F.; maternity
,. heme; low fees. KW7V4 Market St.. near Sixth.
. MRS. DR. WTETII. reliable specialist: £5 yrs.'
r practice: home in confinement: treatment at
office }5; any ailment: consultation free; con-
y flder.tlal. P12 Post tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
, e A STRICTLY private and seclur!»d resilience.
away from the public -raze, for the treatment
_ of women: connnem»nt cases taken. MRS.
II PH. FUNKE. HIS Eighth St.. Alameda.
_ DR. NG TOY KEE. late cf Canton. China; dls-
;- eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas: .«.-tnt-
tariura «04 Sacramento.cor.Kearny; advice trtmTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
37
ROOMS TO LET — Turn, and Cnfnrru
HOWARD C3— Rooms from $1 week up to Cl
SctoJl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, K3, cor. fcn— Nicely furnished sunay
rocms: reasonable; by day, week or month.
LAHXIN. 412. urper flat— Newly fumishe<i
apartments for gentlemen; all conveniences.
MASON, 219. near cor. O'Farrell— New. cleaa
rocms and clean beds; ZdcioSl per day; guiec
MCALLISTER. SCIS— Nicely fumisJed sunny
front room; every thing new; gas; bath; pri-
vate family: for one. 13: for two, tvx
MINNA. 6S7. corner Eighth— N>w!y furnished
bay- window room. Sl per week: transient.
MISSION. C+- Newly furnished rccms to let
for gentlemen: 1>W a m:>n:h.
SFTSVLT furnished rooms: sun all day: slns'.-i
or en suite: strictly private fatniiy; refer-
ences. Box 3441. Call office^
NINTH. 231— Larz? sunny bay-window, suitable
man »--^ wife or two gentlemen: cheap.
NOW <-p*n— The"" AIniora. comer Tw»nt>m
and Mission sts. : newly and elegantly fur-
nished rooms: single room, with board. $23
per month up; suites, with beard. $3» per
month up.
CFARRELL. 2*>— Sunny furnished rcoms an-1
offices: elevator; electric lights^ day, wk.. rao.
POWELL, in— Light, clean rai. : i»it?s or sin-
gle; transient; running water: rates reduced.
RAILROAD ave.. m. Willows Station, A'a-
meda— Elegantly furnished room with boars.
If desired: one or two persorus.
RO?EDALE Hvase. J13 and 21 Ellis st.— Rooms.
night Sc to ». week H 23 to $4; open night.
ROTAL HOUSE. 125 Ells st.— Incandescent
I'.ght: reading-room, jimoking-rooro and ladies
parlor: rocms. per night. J3c to $1 v>: wee». t- ,
to J3: month $3 ta $2>: elevator en office Boor;
rooms with hot and cold water: batha.
SACRAMENTO. 94? — Neat furnished rooms;
rrivate family: tl and upward.
SACRAMENTO. I"!4. between Hyde ar.d Lar-
ktn — A ele»n. nicely furnished room: appre-
ciated If seen^ .--.•
PAN ANTONIO— I'p to date fireproof rmt:d!r.s:
electric elevator; steam radiatcrs : SAlt se."»
baths: suites and slnele rooms: appreciated
when seen: popular prices. 21 Taylcr a*..
near Marhet. ______^___
SHERMAN Apartment Hcuse. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. »23— 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, yard ar.i store room.
SUTTER., '2JC— 1 or 2 large fr^nt rooms fcr
gtndio or of nee: gas: call after i p. m.
TENTH. 2S2— A front hay- window rocs=; Tar-
nished; rer.t $¦". * ; -'
THE OAK?. 1T3 Th!r<i— A eor-<1 r"«in!r^ house
for gocxi t^ople. R. HfGHES. propr'.etcr.
ROOMS AND I1OTID.
AT $4C per month a 'married conp'.e or two
gentlemen can have larze sunny well famish-
ed room In nflaed fami'.y ke»plng first-class
cook: hot and coM water; gas: reference* .re-
quired. Address Private, box 34T«. Call office.
HOTEL Sutherland. 73t Suiter st. : choice loca-
tion; sunny rooir.s witn board; 2rst-clas3 with
every ccnver.ler.ee.
PACIFIC »v«.. BK near Van N>i-5-J3T/
rooirt : excellent b^arrl for man ar.d ~fife or
two gentZerrten: references exchanged.
A SPECIAL offtf to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior »nd table. r?7 California st.
GEVRT *42. rr. P^lk — Lares nrrsrsy front ror>n»
with Vard for ycuns lady: prlv. family: $£>.
L.AS PAUCAS, l ; r> M.irk?t «t.-Su:te cf J or J
rms. ; private: bath: sin. rai: board optional.
OFARRELL. 741. Hyie— Board, with or
without furnished room.
ROOMS AXD UOARD WASTED.
WANTED— In strictly private family (no other
boarders^ acerr.mcdatinr.it fcr farr.J'y. t2r?-»
adults, discontinuins housekeerinz. board an.i
3 rooms: can ?ur-!.«h nsv: Ha.-iflc Heights
rr.odations properly »>al-1 for: references ex-
ct.angfl Adiroyg box 2431. Call of^ce.
ROOMS WAXTED.
BT <ra!et eeuple. ? or 3 unfumi«hM rrms: lo-
cated ncrth cf Market St.. east of Van N»ss
ave.. south of Eush st.: not over $13. Box
23:7. Call.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
LADIES — Chlche3ter"s Eng*.:?h Pennyroyal PIUs
1 are th« best: safe, reliable: take no other:
i »erd 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief fcr
I Ladles." In letter by return mail: at druar-
! «r!«t.«. Chichejter Chemicai Co.. PhlSsdel.. Pa.
j BEST stamp photos and buttc-s on earth.
Di'iRE. USO Market St.. above Jonea.
¦ BAD tenants ejected tot $?: collections made:
I rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTIO.V
j CO.. 415 Mcntsrmery et.. r-^ms S-10: te!. SCV\
' IETIVI3IG 3IACHIAES ASO SUPPLIES.
I ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
i teed. Chas. Plambeck. lilS Mission, rr. Uth.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, czcbaiixid. r-nted;
; repairing at !owe«t ratga. 2?5 Fourth st.
i ',
STOII.A(.K A.NU WAlJfcllUJL -K-*.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7S2.
! PACIFIC Storaee> ar.l Furniture Moving Coin-
1 raay 2320 Flilrnore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Sf)ra«e Ca. 722 Mission st;
i tel. Main lJHQ— Packing, moving and stong?.
TYPEwitrrcas a>o <*ipplies.
j GREAT^BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITER5-W»
: Mil better machines for leas ra^ney than any
l house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 33S California, telephone Main *- •'.
| A TTPEWRITER. brand new. for ITJ. RE^
VALK. 4--<> CaMfcraia st.
DIVIDE5D \OT1CKS.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 <2f:y
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamshia
C-rriar.y. will 1- payable at the oSc> of : r. >
company. 327 Market »t.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. August 1. 1S00. Transfer
books will cicse en Thursday. July 2s. IM.
\ at S o'clock p. rr.
E, H. PHELPOX. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
AL\MED.l REAL ESTATE.
1 JT2> WILL tsy fcandswHie new kou*?. * n;=,
and bath: all m-xlern: choice location; ter~:3.
; J. H. YOUNG. Owner. 1243 Park St.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
I THREE large rooms completely furnished, with,
! the use of doub'.e parlors: close to station: In
: gnod location: complete for housekeeping.
| 2!?l Central are.. Alasieda.
; BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
4-ROOM house; hard finished; hisrh basement:
brtek foundation: lot 43_.123; good well of
water: convenient to- stores, electric cars ar<l
local train ; price $1100; $liO cash, balance $ii
< monthly.
New modern 4-rocta cottage, with bath and
pantry; electric lights throughout: lot »*>xl£O:
, good well water, wtsdmill and tank; one block;
from station; price J17C0; only C» cash, bal-
ance $15 month.
House of 5 rooms, bath, pantrr and closets:
high basement: lot CUM: 2 blocks from elec-
tric cars, school, churches, stores and railroad
station; price $:C«; only $1» cash, balance $11
month: take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin,
station, and ask fsr RUDOLPH. PERKIN3 &
t LYON CO.'S office: open Sundays.
: $12cO— MODERN cottage. 5 rooms, basement,
bath, brick foundation: lot 4ftslOA: clo«« t»
station and electric cars: easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN. Lcrin Station.
$17!»— NEW modern I «tory colonial house. <
rooms and bath: high basement: brick foun-
dation: hot and cold water: Cne location; near
2 stations and 3 lines of cars; small cojh pay-
ment and easy installments.
I H. P. IRWRC. Lorla Statloa.
JS«TV— ONX.Y COO cash": strictly up to date mod-
ern eottare: 6 rooms, bath, etc; open work
porcelain plumbing, tinted walls, gas fixtures;
everyone complete. H . D . IKWIX> '
Railroad Waitinc Rccm, Lorin Station.
FINEST BUYS IN BERKELEY.
$r*0— «-rocn» cottage: lot *>_:I3!> feet: S min-
utes' walk of university; eiegast view of bay.
etc.; lot Improved with choice fruit trees; a
snap: terms to suit.
$_>>¦>- -E;«3r.:|v situated let. 75x133: 1 block
[ of university: the only one to> be had la this
Ticinity. ?••<
$3000— New modern 9-room house: corner let:
adjacent to V. C; the last one left of six;
muit be seen to be appreciated. WURTS.
133 Broadway. Oakiaad.
C C. BE MI?. Real Estate and General Laad
Agent. S24 Montgomery •*-
In Berkeley — Ccraer let i'.xV£. with BOdsra
house cf > rooms.
tN Berkeley— Two-5tonr modern cottage, seren
large rocms end bath: double parlors: heavy
moldings: 7-ft. basement: brick foundation;
lot 60x123: street wcrk complete; price CX":
monthly payments If desired. Ia<ju!r» va
premisea, 1017 Fulton St.. A«ht>y Station: or
Her*J-i * H«ler>Tnb. 1W> Broad-raT. Oaklaod.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 33.
RKAL ESTATE COOTK X — F»r imlm
DAVID BUSH
respectfully informs his friend* and the public
that he has retired from the management of
the country land department cf O-. H. Umbsen I
& Co.. and has. with his sea. Hartley M. Bush. !
established himself at No. 14 POST STREET. .
under the firm name of DAVID BUSH A SON. I
where they will carry on a general real estate |
business, making a specialty of country lands, j
Mr. Bush, by kind permission, respectfully re- '
fers to ADAM GRANT, president of the IX>N-
OHOE-KELLY BANKING COMPANY, ar.d of
Murphy. Grant & Co.; THOMA3 BROWN,
cashier of the Bank o< California: E. B. P<">Nl>.
president of the San Francisco Savings Uni<JS:: j
J. DALZIEL BROWS, cashier and manager |
of the California Safe Pep-'Mt and Trust Com-
pany; JOHN J. VALENTINE ESQ.. president j
of Wells. Fargo & Co.: IRVING M. ?«~"OTT of j
the Union Iron Works: W. W. MONTAGUE.
Postmaster: THOMAS B. BISHOP ESQ.,
REUBEN H. LLOYD ESQ.. and to the busi-
ness community and the public generally with
whom he has lived for the past forty-five years,
bespeaking for the new fins a kindly considera-
tion.
ATTENTION. HOME-EEEKFRS!
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces of
orchard land in the famous Santa. Clara Valley,
known as the San Martin Ranch. 74 miles from
Pan Francisco on the main line; 2 trains dally:
railrcad station en the place: town of San Mar- I
tin part of the property with its $3X0 school- I
hnu!«e: surrounded by beautiful orchard homes: |
I will sell In tracts, to suit upon payment of 23 '
p-er cent down, balance at « per tent net: will I
j refund fare to buyer:. maps and photcs at efflre.
j We have made arrangements with the R. R.
: Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday for $2 50
! for rourd trip: cars leave Third and Tcwnsend
j sts. a: 3 a. m.. hick in city at 4:1<1 p. m.. plvin?
i2 hours on ranch: free carriage: our Mr. Bush
! will accompany fntfcndjng buyars each Sunday:
i tickets good from Saturday to Monday. SJ.
| DAVID BUSH A PON. 14 Post st.
I FOR sale— 5 acre* at Menlo Park: small house, j
: barn and chicken houses: 13 large oak trees. ;
I ete. Apply \V. L. HARPER. S13 Examiner bl.
| MARIN Co.. 2S miles frrm S. F.-$4". to IV> per
i acre: ch.Mce lands in tracts of al! sixes: im-
proved fara«. chicken ranches, hay. grain, j
' fruit anJ vegetable lards: easy t*nns: rat! |
sr.d water transit: c^xi »chor!.«. HOME AND
I FARM CO.. room 2, S:h f.jor. MlKs bldg.. S. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
SflOO ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
1 1* i. More than a'.I other agents in this city.
N. P. SICKELS. the land agent, i Geary it.
I mo INVESTMENT Be!vei?re Lan;l Co.s stock:
3f> ?ieo shares ar* ofTerei Trr $10 a share. '
J LANK & CO.. SC Market St.
I STOCK ar.1 rram ranch for sale: Coiusa Co.:
12t0 acres: $10 per acre: Jft) grain, rest hill
land. M. S. CHAXDON'. Marysvllle. Cal.
RKAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I PERFONS having any property cr business to
j exchange send particiilars to us: properties In
all parts of the United States to offer: cata-
1-inies free. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
i Market St., opp. Mason; tel. Mint 131L
MOST derlrable country house on main street of
I Cloverdale: large W: would exchange irrr city
or s-.:rmunding property. MRS. E. C. WHEE-
i LER. Io53 Flftf^nth st.
| '
Kl)ll>l> fttH liUl SLKttil'l.M..
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large rocms. with
j balh: completely furnished fcr house-
i keeping: hot and cold water: ras and te'.e-
j phone: Ene view; healthy location: In a small
private family; no s:saH children wanted:
I rent reasonable. 4221 Twentieth St.. r.r. Castro.
! AT 42 S-ccnd— Light hiusekeeping. $1 50 to $2 50
! per wk: tingle, ar.d double. $1 to $2 SO per wk.
i EPDY. €04—2 r.iceiy furnished rooms; cempiet-
t for housekeeping; pas and running water.
ESSEX. IS. Rincon Hill— Large bay-window
, rootr.: partly furnished for housekeeping.
I FIFTH. 3£3— 3 furnished houiekeepinz rooms.
: J12: single iedrooms. J4 and $5.
j FOLSOM. SS4— Large sunny room for Ileht
'¦ housekeeping: closet, bath; private: $123 wk.
FOURTH. 225— Housekeeping rooms frcm $5 up:
also single rooms.
j FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Housekeep-
' ing rms.; sunny, single rms.; gas. run. water.
HAIGHT, HI— Housekeeping rocms; use of
| kitchen, dining-room, bath: also single rooms.
| HARRIET, 3. cftT Howard, nr. Sixth— 2 rooms
furnished for hcusek^ping; garden, water.
I HAYES. 4^1— Furnished cr unfurnished fanny
I rooms; reasonable.
i HOWARD. 704. comer Third— Nicely furnished
¦ sunny rooms for housekeeping; also other
i rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1>3V- Sunr.y completely furnished
housekeeping room«; also others.
• HYDE. 410— Sunny front parlor suite; comp'.et*
| for housekeeping; front basemer.t suite. $ti.
I IVY ave.. "41. near Hayes and Franklin — Par-
I lor sn'te. furnished; slr.k. store; $14.
• LARKIN. Hi-Sunny front housekeeplr.* res .
! f!2: bedrooms.
¦ LEAVENWORTH. 1.V3 — 2 furnished rainy
i rcoms for housekeeping: use of kitchen anl
; bath. ;
I MASON, llll — Large nicely furnished house-
I keer-inc ro«--Ens: gas stove.
. MCALLISTER. 4CS— 3 unfurnished rooms; bath;
yard: rent ?10.
¦ MCALLISTER. E3*— 2 nicely furnished mrniy
i front rocms; sick, range, bath, laundry; S1Z.
; MINNA, 2S— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; 73c and Jl per w«t
' MINNA. ?CS — 2 or 3 housekeeping rocms: com-
! plete: also sunny double room.
I MISSION. 52S4— Completely furnished clean
| sunny housekeeping rooms: exclusive: bath.
MISSION. 173S — Two sunny housekeeping rooms
with bath; private; rent $10.
I OCTAVIA. VZ— To let. two unfurnishM sunny
; housekeeping rooms; bath. gam. yard. etc..
'. $10 per month.
OCTAVIA. H r 3, cor. Geary— 3 bay-windows: 1
j 110. 2 HS: gas stove: complete fcr hskeeping.
OAK. 31 — Sunny front bay-window room; ratt'
; able for 2 persons; also sir.gle housekeeping
I room.
OAK. 12. junction of Market and Van Ness ave.
J —Sunny housekeeping rooms.
¦ OAK. 119 — Large sunny room: closet: furnished
: for housekeeping: $3: smaller rooms. $S.
1 OAK. 123 — Two nicely furnished rooms for
[ housekeeping. $10.
' O'FARRELU 123A— Two completely furnished
| sunny housekeeping rooms.
POLK. 605 — Two sunny, clean, connecting par-
| lors; running water: light housekeeping.
j POLK. TIT— 2 famished front recess for house-
; keeping and bath.
i SOCTH PARK. 1?4— $10: two sunny rooms nlce-
I ly fumi3hed for housekeeping.
' STEVENSON. €42. bet Seventh and Eighth— 2
I furnished housekeeping rooms; bath: central.
SUTTER. 4C7 — Three furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 47S. nr. Sth— $12; 3 furnished house-
| keeping rooms, kitchen: complete.
{ THIRD. J62— Large room furnished for house-
I keenin?. {i Z0 week: single frcnt room, tt
I month.
! TURK. 334 — Nicely furnished front sunny al-
| cove room; light housekeeping: gas stcve,
J VAN NESS. 4-^2— Two neatly furnished rooms
[ complete for housekeeping: gas stove.
j $10— TWO furnished housekeeping rooms. . 4
Martha place, oft Geary sl. bet. Mason and
I Taylor.
I ¦ , ;
j UOU.MS TO LET Pare, and Inforn.
j WANTED— A party to occupy a nice, suite of
; rooms on Turk st-. near Larkln. with a yonng
i fellow,' 22 years old; American: congenial.
j pood companion and musically Inclined: the
| rooms ar« finely located; gas; cooking al-
I lowed: suncy: every kind of store within
j block; electric car passes door, and nice land-
! lady; price cf rooms. $20 a month. SVi apiece:
| the advertiser has occupied the suite, but on
j account of departure of roommate at pres-
ent only occupies one room: as a consequence
this ad; this is a rare chance. Address bcx
! 3«:. Call office.
I .
I GOLDEN GATE ave.. 70s— Elegant house. 10
t rooms and bath: sunny, modern. Apply G.
i H. UMBSEN A. CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
I A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms
j , 25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week, asi
[ light housekeeping: open all night.
1 BOHEMIA, r» Post— Flnert sunny suites la
j city for families and gentlemen; all ccnven-
j lences; special accommodations for tourists.
j BURNETT. 142S Market st. (old No. 1244>— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also cnfurcl*hed.
BUSH, ICO — Nicely furn.sunny rooms: $1 SO to $7
! wk: 85 to $153 night. MRS P. RANFT.
j ELLIS. $30— Large front and back parlors; sua-
' ny: suitable for physician or dentist. --?-.", -y
j FOLSOM. 5€S. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newhr fur-
i . nished sunny rms, «ing!e cr suites; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. X3— Large sunny front parlor:
also single room: private family: reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or tingle; travelers acco'daied.
GEARY, -441— Floor of 4 snnay rooms together;
tmfurrished; cr will rent separately.
GEARY. 1237 (entrance on Gough V— Newly for-
t nished sunny front room: reasonable.
j GRAND SOUTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
I and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
I single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
! HAWTHORNE. !2, between Second and Third,
I off Howard— A Iarg« front bay window room
lor one or two gentlemen; $3: prtrate.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
H.CAL SSTATE— CITY — FOB 8AJLE.
O. H. CMBSEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2.653— Elegant modern home; Mission warm
belt; new house of 6 rooms ar.d bath;
handy to Misslon-st- cars; modem In
every respect; very easy terms.
J3.0CO— Rents $330 per annum; business corner
on Pacific st.; store and fiat.
$11.000— Rents $3S4 per annum; Howard-st. busi-
ness property; 3-Btcry house: 2 stores
and lodging house of 23 rooms; 25xS0;
JSOOO mortgage can remain.
$S,E0O— Elegant residence: Gough St.: 2-story
and basement house and lot 27:6x110.
$1.500 — Another bargain: cottage of 4 rooms
and let; <n the Mission warm belt; must
be sold to clcs-e an estate.
$2,500— Rents $444 per annum: 4 flats and lot:
fronts on two streets; near Third and
Brannan sts.
$2,750— Rents $4C; per annum; near Sixth and
Brannan sts.; C fiats and lot, 15x100;
this is a bargain.
13,300 — Rents S->40 per annum: 2 flats of S
rooms each and 2-story house and lot;
near Third and Folsom Ets.
$3,SX> — Rents $o40 per annum; Natcma St.; S
tenements and lot 25x^0.
(4.000 — Rents J^-4 per annum: 2 stores and
flat; nearly new modern building; gocd
location in the MlEelcn.
$4.500— Rents $4S0 per annum; Folsom st.; good
investment: 2 substantial flats of S and
6 rooms each; hijih basement: could be
converted into third flat at small out-
lay and be made to pay at least 1 per
. cent net on the investment.
$;,200 — Very cozy eottajre on Devisadero St.; 5
rooms, bath and basement; 27;6xl0c; to
close an estate. •
$:,0CO— Only *1«X> cash required; balance equal
to r*nt: elegant park mansion of 9
rooms and bath; modern in every par-
ticular: must be sold, as owner Intends
leaving for the south.
JS.OCO— Rents $'<•: per annum: ! houses of 7
rooms and bath each and let 33x100;
Devt'adero st. ; must be sold to close an
estate.
New pocket map of San Francisco County !3c
Choice Bst of building Jots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call f.nd obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
si-le in aJl parts o* the city.
G. H. CMBSKN & CO..
14 Montpornery s-t.
A BARGAIN—
KOQO — Lot on Turk St.. near Polk; -3x50; only
$2-X) per front foct.
A SNAP—
Three nice flat* on Grove St.: renta $C* 50;
cculd be raised to $70; price SSOO.
FORECLOSURE SALE—
£500— Renta ?:3; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each: 33:6x137:6; cne-thlrd cash.
A GOOD BUY—
$JCvO— Turlc St., near Van Ness ave.; 30x120,
to rear street; and very good bay-window
house of S rooms and bath.
CHOICE INVESTMENT—
I17.0O— Rents $1740 per annum; 6 fine mod-
ern' flats on the best corner In the Western
Addition: $12,000 can remain on mortgage at
€ per cent: oays 17 per cent net.
A SACRIFICE—
J1W0— Reduced from S1S(X>: lot 15x121; on the
east line of Belvedere St., near Frederick;
street bitumicized. and concrete sidewalks.
$€0CO— Fine nearly new residence on Belvedere
ft., near Frederick: 10 rooms and porcelain
bath; open plumbing; latest style; furnace,
€tc. ; cheap.
Rents n:£ per month; price $55.0CO; Ellis 8t-,
sunny side, near Gouch; 10Sxl3":6; S new and
modern fiats, S and 10 rooms and bath each;
the n;ott expensive and up-to-date flats in
the citj-.
O. D. BALDWIN & EON.
22 Montgomery st.
A- iL SPECK & CO.. 6o7 Market St..
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Ager.ts and Rent Collectors.
Close to Market and Mason; 4-story brick
building; rer.ts 13300 annually.
$42. i*0.
Comer: rer.ts $4X0; modern improvements;
lot &ha:7:C; pays 1? per cent net.
$C2.«*.
Sixth st.: 73 feet frontage: rents $200; four
Ftcres and 10 rooms.
$13,CO).
Taylcr-st. Investment; clcse to Eddy; 13 feet
1 frontage.
$12,500.
Steuart St.. near Market; brick building.
tltOOtt.
Market-Et. corner; modern building; store and
flat; former price, $15.^10.
$9750.
Ninth St.. near Mission; improved.
J7GC0.
Six fiats; rents 1350 « year; lot £0x73.
$€&:o.
Poet St.: three flats; rents $60.
*4.'XW.
Twi fine flau; worth $6000; near Market and
Sixteenth: rents JSS: lot 2oxllS feet.
UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
$30. COO.
N. W. corner Gough and Clay sts; 137:6x123
feet.
Market it.: CSxlJO feet.
J40O0.
EOxSS feet on north line of Folsom St.. near
Twenty-first; ready to build.
A- M. SPECK & CO..
«; Market st.
LTON & HOAO, ~
Heal Estate Inrurance,
' 114 Montgomery «t.
$3000— Western Addition: cottage. Ellis St..
near D«v!«adero: 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x100; nne bargain.
$1600— Biggest bargain ever offered; good two-
etory house, 7 rooms and bath; charm-
ingly situated In Mission warm beli;
Vieksburg st.. near Twenty-third.
HANDSOME FLATS SACRIFICED.
$10.7iO— Choice location la Western Addition,
clcse to town; three swell flats: new
rcarb'.e steps; c;*n plumbing: expen-
sive mantels: paying over 10 per cent.
$12.500 — Business comer, rplendidly Improved,
with S-story building: store and flats
above; rent £*); always rented; sma'.l
expense; en Howard St.. close to town.
BIGGEST BARGAIN.
$37*0— Rent t33: business property; store and
flat In iplendid location. Western Addi-
tion, east of Devisadero St.; improve-
ments good: a'.l rented; a snap.
BIG SNAP.
JTiOO — Business corner In best portion of th*
Mission; rent $70; stores and flats; botu
streets accepted.
LYON & HOAO.
Real Estate Insurance,
114 Montgomery st.
NEW 6-room and bath cottage on Hoffman
a\e. ; near electric car; you -can buy for the
rent money you pay the landlord and within
13 years you will get a clear deed to the
property; don't delay, and call on James
Cctter for Inspection. JACOB HEYMAN. 117
Sutter st.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and lot £0x114; Elmhurst
station; 45 mlnutee' ride to San Francisco;
on ti monthly Installment*. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter at.
FOR SALE — SSOO; lot and 2 ears: similar: built
as a cottage. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter.
PARK lots for sale on reasonable terms: near
ocean beac* (Carvllle). JACOB HEIMAX.
117 Sutter Bt-
$12 50 PER month will buy a new 4-room house
on Roacoe- st.. near Crescent ave. JACOB
HEYMAN. 1J7 Sntter St.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now is the time to buy while prices are low.
$4M to $«00— Sunset lots, sewered and graded;
all ready to build en; In excellent locations; $10
monthly.
J250 to $300— Choicest Richmond lots: S10
monthly.
$7S to $300— Bulldint lots r.ear"M!s«!on «t. and
San Mateo electric cars and Ocean View; ail
level: no grading: $S monthly.
$«M to $1000 for small cottages in excellent
locations near cars: payments same as rent.
Call for maps and diagrams.
S ° L GET^6OM R^.^OCKER BUILDLVG.
C C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery at.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass «t*.; must b« aold; SOxllt reel.
tiei©— North line Carl «t.. near Etanyan: 23x
137:« feet. _^_
ALL sort* of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. €30 Market: !d mortgages; estates.
ONLY $550 each: I choice lots on Eleventh ave-
nue between Point Lobos and Clement; ready
for building: all street work done: 5x120;
easy of access: 3 lines of cars: $tOO can re-
main at 6 per cent; these lets are very cheap.
W, J. GITNN, 630 California st.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to se".l: then ca!i
on W. J. Gl'N.V. 538 California st.
IJifo— MODERN S-room bouse in choice location
en Waller »t.. near Pierce. 1 bloc* frcra
Hfclgbt-et.' caret finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantel.*. hard-On-
lihed basement, etc.: terms one-fjurth cash,
balance 150 monthly. K. NfTLSON. builder ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one >ear for Jl.
postage paid.
$SISO— PACIFIC «t.. near Hyde; store and Caw
and cellar; 23t?7:«: rent $37: forced sals. 1^
OESTERREICHER. 117 Sutter st- -
' J1600.
Waller-st. building lot. 23x100 feet, near the
Park; this Is a bargain. G. H. LTIBSE2» &
HEAL tSTATi: CITV FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63s MARKET STREET.
MUST BE SOLD
TO CLOSE AX ESTATE.
I12.M0- WORTH ....$»,(M0
Must be sold as a who!*: If sold in sub-
divisions would brins *S>.000: IM lots:
equal to S blocks; well located; close
to car line; best part of Potrero.
PATS IT PER CENT.
17.750— Rents $77 SO per month; near Stocktcn
ar.d Sutter sts.; 3 new modern flats of
&. 5. S rocms and bath; lot S)xG3.
FILLMORE STREET CORNER FLATS.
J3.20O — REDUCED FROM $6000
2 well built nienjern fists cf fi and 7
r<x>ma and t-atl-.
MISSION FLATS.
13.S0O— Two fine flats of 7 rooms and hath;
near Howard and Twenty-fourth sts.;
•ot ZZxlZZ.i feet; rents 1372 per annum;
always rented.
J3.30O — Two new modern flats of 5. S rooms and
bath: rents $27 pec month; lot 25x100
feet; on Castro st.
NEW MISSION COTTAGES.
$2.500 — New modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath.
* porcelain tub. tile mantel, etc; lot
2CxlOO feet;' 11300; fcar.k mortgage can
remain.
BARGAINS IN LOTS UNDER $1000
tlliO cash, balance JD per month; 3 eleeant
lots near Park Panhan-Jie; fine view;
street macadamized.
Also 3 fine lots, including corner: Mis-
sion warm belt; street bitualnlzed;
electric curs pass property.
EASTON KLDRir-OE & CO..
CZi MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C* MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
A UCTION 1 AUCTION !
AUCTION I . AUCTION !
TUESDAY JULY 3L 1»J.
At 1! O'clock N<Ton.
At Our Salesroom. 63S Market St.
MARKET STREET CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Market and Sanchez sts. ;
ii:10\i.-x::i feet; speculators' opportunity.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
No. 1S30 Hayes st., near Central ave.; 3 mod-
em Cats of 6 7. S rooms and bath; rents JiC;
let 25:4xl37:S feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 623 Natoma St., near Seventh; ccttaze 1
rooms; lot !5x75 feet.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
Nos. I307-»-ll California St.. near 'Webster: S
houses of 7, 9. 7 rooms and bath; rents $.*5 per
month; lot 54x?7 feet.
Nos. S'VII-rSH Middle *t.. near California-. 2
flats of 5. 4. 4 rooms; rests 130 per month; let
Sxrj feet.
Northwest corner. S1-52-S5 Webyter st.. asj
No. 50« Hermann st. ; lot 2«xSl:S feet: 3 flau. 5.
5. 4 rooms ar.d bath and hcus« of 6 rooms; rents
{17 per month..
PEREMPTORY SALE.
Nos fM-6 Shotwell st.. near Twenty-second;
' 2 cottages. 5 rooms and bath; 56x^3x122:6 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
¦ No. (S Whitney st., near Randall; modern
cottaee of 5 rooms and basement; rents $12 per
menta; lot f*et.
MISSION CORNER.
\ Eoutnwen corner Diamond and Twenty-sixth
' sts.; iSxSO feet.
OCEAN VIEW INVESTMENT.
Southeast corner Randolph and Bright jts.;
2 houses. 4 rooms: rents SU per month; 290x100.
EASTON ELDRIDOE & CO..
GH MARKET STREET.
J475,) — RENTS f43: 3 modern fiats; Broderick.
near Fuitcn: 5. 5 and « r. * c. : loxW.
j^XO—Rents $1&; California St.; new fiats.
4 and t rooms.
$4000— Rents »46: Ritch et.. near Foiwrn.
throu"h to Kllzabeth: « nice flats. DAVID
STERN & SONS. 11 Mcr.tgcraery st.
jT^v-finh lot. iJxlCO: $M caph, balance 15
month; no interest. 31S Fifth st.
! MODERN houses anJ flats* built a.t Ibwm:
prices; plans and estirrates furnlihed for ail
building wcrk. CAMPRF.LL. 1H7 Mission »t.
A BARGAIN: 24 choice builJin* lou: Holly
Park: buy direct from owner. 9 Eddy st.
NEW cottage; 6 rooms, bath: let 50*10): Ml.«-
! rlcn: easy terra* cr vacant lot. 413 K*arr.y st.
I CHEAPF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
; Call 15 pages, sent to any address In the
I I'n'ted FtatT-ii or Canada T>ne year for II.
REAL KSTA.TK CUUVrUl For Sale
I A FEW UNEQUALED BARGAINS.
NAPA COUNTY. v
in? acres; all fine lar.d: 12 acres thrifty vlne-
' ya»-d- S arres bearins orchard: ?0 acres plo-w
'< Ian.!: balance best of wooded hill pasture; (rood
fencir.e: spring water piped everywhere: Al S-
I room residence, rock cellar: barn, pou'.try ar-
ranKen:ents. etc.; fine building for store and
saloon: unequaled location for business: it is a
complete and lovely home ranch, recently hel-i
at $10,000; r.ow in Al condition, but offered for
$3*50; buildings ccst more money; it's a snap.
GILT EDGE.
43 acres of verv fine loam: flrst-<*las* fruit
or vineyard land; now raising heavy crops of
grain, corn ar.d vegetables: sood fencing; fine
new "-room residence, ccst J15CC; barn and
I other outbuildir.es: 2 excellent wells: family
i orchard; 3 miles by level road from Napa; 1
¦ mile from steamer landing: $4«>~0.
HERE'S A DANDY.
( 100 acres; every inch first-class, hljrhly culti-
vate-i level loam: Al fencing: complete sot of
' bulhlings: abundance water; bearing family
: orchard, etc.: only. 4 m'les fr^m Napa, for $5000.
SUBDIVISION SALE.
5, lf>, 13. K, any part of 100 acres; best land
and location within 2H miles of Napa, for J40
to fTO t>er acre: for cash or on easy terms; you
can't equal It.
AN EARTHLY PARADISE.
820 acres, cf which J'fl acres Is the vtry finest
highly cultivated valley lani in Napa Co.; bal-
ance is unsurpassed woortM hiU pasturage; goo.i
t fencing into several fields: 2 living creeks;
I a ercat many springs: fine buildings: 10 acres
bearing orchard, etc: It'i simply perfection or a
.ranch: r-nly $4*.<w-: wr.rth dmiM* the money.
GOOD. COMPLKTE AND CHEAP.
t<> acres h'ghiy cultivated v-alley loam: first-
class fencing: 5 acres being orchard: Rood resi-
j depce. barn, sbeds, poultry arrangements;
, abundance of water: complete with stock, ve-
i hides, tools, poultry, hay, etc.. for $24CO: only Z
miles from Napa.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT, 6 Geary «t.
${(>,<» — 13-ACRE bearing orchard with Improve-
ments at Martinez; will pay dlfTerence for
city property.
Exchange— Ttvo Scott-st. flats ind 40-acre or-
chard and vineyard. Sonoma County; total
value $12,000; will pay iZi«t difference for city
i Income property.
t Western Addition income property to «-
i change for downtown, and will pay (food dif-
ference. L C. SCHARFF. SO Montgomery st.
COUNTRY LANDS.
$:4"0— Fine home, 15 acres. Napa City: or-
chard: grain; all personal property Included;
i splendid place for poultry.
• $30CO— One-third cash; home. 15 acres. Los
Gatos: Improvements first-class; renting for Si^
per month; will exchange.
SCHARFF. a Montgomery st.
ALFALFA and grain farm for tale or -*•
change.
ZT> acres in Fresno County and under ditrh;
water only ?) cents per acre: V> acres alfalfa;
small orchard: balance in grain: Brain crop this
year over 2"00 sacks; large hou5» of S rooms,
tarns, windmill, etc. prire. $11. 2W.
McAFEE BROS.. 1CS Montgomery st.
2S acres rear Son-cfa: 17 acres in orchard. 5
acres vineyard: all rich bottom land: fine house
of 7 rooms and bath, barns, windmill, etc.
Price, $?0Q0.
McAF~E BROS.. IM Montgomery «t.
$STA) CASH, irvrt) on mortirage: worth double
the price: owner is coirnelled to sell at once;
must have raonev for immediate use: willing
to make big sacrifice If sold at one*: 150 acrej
best paying ranch in the State: 30 acres as-
sorted fruit, balance train; house, barn:
' cvervthir.e complete upri the place. For full
particulars apply J: W. LAYMANCE. C3?
Market St.. room 10, Fan Francisco, or 460
! Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
i S17 ACRES for $STO: 10 raileseast of Redding:
' on county road; -iW ccrd.« of oak timber, t
acres in choice fruit: house, barn: 13 acres
fenced: all in scod shape: near school and
railroad: a «nsp. CHARLES W. POPE, 11
| Montgomery st.
i iiffi— GREAT sacrifice: must be sold on account
of severe reverses; SO acres land; part level:
in Was Canyon. Santa Clara County: part
I well timbered: will be sold at a (rreat bargain.
j McEWEX BROS., 11* Montgomery st^
! 1S7 ACRES No. 1 land; I miles from railroad
town Alameda County: nous?, barn, etc;
well watered: a splendid farm: price reduced
to $12.000. H. H. CRANE. 5<^ California rt.
BARGAIN— 117 acre? rood land: portion grow-
ing sugar beets; fronts on main county road,
adjoining town of Pleasanton. Aiatneda Co.:
must be sold; back price- $45 per acre: nilsht
subdivide. H. H. CRANE. SflS California st.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market st.
Farms and city property sold and exchanged.
1 NICE little home In town. AIam*da County.; X5
miles frora this city; extensive poultry houses
and yards; bouse for 1000 pigeons: real estate,
personal property, all for $7*0. Call at once.
603 California st.. room I.
HEDICAU
:sn$. M. ALLEN. :CS> Market— Ladles' ipedal-
irt: hcsie :s confinement: safe and rcUabie;
DOOBdXXtlOB fre*; hours 10 to S.
the 5ANg s:,rci. - ~~
I'rivaie home for patltnts: equipped with the
la-tesi ejpiiances; charfe« reasonable. DR.
fCHlRMAN. Cpnsultinr Physician, 14C5 Vaa
Neat ave.. nt-ar Bush st.
I3R. W^.SE— Tre orJy pen-oin-? Ud;es' rr^ecialist.
OrSce lliS Market et.
DR. WONG HIM. h«rb doctor, treats ail d:s-
<¦• -i-f huTT.ag b -iy. lli Mason «t.
MISCCIXASE»L*» — KOU SALC
BOILERS. eag-.n«s. i3-hand rrjehinery. Ut-
:NT'~H & WQLP1!A.\. !Sj-iy7 Fr-rrurt .:.
; a;..^. titcit bars, ciirrcrs, ehowcases, coun-
ters. Itniilfuifi. nan and cfSce furniture aiiJ
r.i-.ure*: new tad f*ccnd-bar.d : we a!va>a
h«i-e e. large etock rtt saloon outfits on hanc:
SI cotnplete <rut£ts on o\ir floor, ready msJ' 1 ;
we can t-hip everything in Zt hour*. J. NOO-
NAN. 1C17. Ma. XiiL 1£3 Misfi-n St.. above
y-.xth; write for fatalcgu*.
F' >T^ «ale — New extension t~p Rockatiay r«w
fr.r'.f-fea: rabl <¦-:--. ;r- # hugjry: lovely yuusg
Epocted pony and four-wh<*eied double-seated
tr^r: beautfful young tay horse: speedy. Ad-
gre— box awa. Caij office. Oakland.
A BEACTIFCL caakcsbmpe rlr.g set with thr*e
nice diamonds I^r US: cnginal ctst $W.
'- NCLK if A am?. IS Grant avenue.
J ~.'.:r: •.- ¦ rents ar.d Belgian homers.
" x ; 'Z, ca:i amrr. Oakland.
A FINE ift-ortaxT.t of c'.d-style aiahogar.y fur-
r.:ture. 21s Fifth Ft.
r^MESTIC fevring machine; 7 drawers; g:-oJ
cr3-r: empire; cheap. 1S1H ilisticn Et.. near
Fifteenth.
CAfOLIMS er-.Kines: Id-hand: 1 to T. hcrse-
t«-»-er; cheap. NKTTELL BP.OS.. 743 First.
t — U-KARAT f!3 watch: good as new;
Lange maker. Bcx S4«n. Call.
I :: ?ALK — Coekar spaniel; pups lor ?ale at
¦C Aifcicn eve.
A— BUYS. «-eus or r«-nt* gear rr.ach'.r.ory. en-
eints, i«^iier«, water pipe. *ha!tin£. iuiieys.
ff. 1VHXTKI-A-.V. r.S gpear «r.
ANOTHER So 6 BezniBgton typewriter ;n
Bat order. L i SL ALEXANDEi^ IM Most-
p. rr>r> «t.
A— SM H. P. --.cr*. bc-.ier. two eir:!!. &:r c>;n:-
ptgMor. JARDXXE. CTFretaont »C
A— f3 U 1 ERIiY ar.a Feicra hats. J: ". Fr,-
u'.ar Pnrc Ui.it.-r: 23i- Ke>rr.> >!.. r.t-ar P.r.-.
K^-K ?ALr-r--rs!> even; cheap; Dearlj new.
1 ¦: TweEty-flnt st.
tu*> FT. :i-r: n r.J x^.p*. black A •traixfct
IN*--i" * *::• engtaea. i-A.Te. fnumoc, mot n
zr : . - II. S. White. ;:•' M -* "¦
A FINE R -t Df: Sre«« p^r.ts. II 7T>. Ml^J-'ir
CL»'"'THINO I'AiH--'}:?. IZ~ V-r.rgc.-r.tr> »-..
TTPEWBITEB. No. - Bntftb nwaier: '.a - -c
- ¦:.>! : ch°«p Tyr^writer Eschanr* *^ (a:.
EI>ISON concert : ."> -.¦rraph— Keduced prlc-.
ST.-, cx.Q<-ert reccrig. %1 '~ Kacicalnpi. »« M«-
POBTABLE cacines. bolleri; ir^n ar.l w»d|
; .;.-. r>: \iiSxt; ii- v .*'A. J. lUrke. IZj I>a.e. :
BEOOXD-HAXD Breproot s»fe: I f.re i-r.i t-ar*--
;-,r prod f&:r: ciie&;,. O Matn St.
MAGIC l*ctm>», arm ar.i neond-band; m rta*
¦ flcture*. •¦••.!-!.A.".:- a- !".RK'"K. :"< V-*; ri.
A : -TON I~*:rbsr.ks scale ani Bre ar.d birg'tt '.
' • - '. *a?<". Z".'. California ¦*¦ '
r T i -N' i -»- ar.i ;- <'. \-\i-.\. THE HEK- ;
" ' x -* ; s^ r:c ' ' ¦ '"¦*-'¦ r^~ >r --" ft :
t 4 jrr^N-i s.-.-: *---.;-!-.-••-. aii fir.-* TK£ ¦
VTALTZ SAFE. I '-¦'¦ '-'-¦-"•- *'¦• = Jan Fra.-.. ;
CHEAPEST aafl bettta Arwrlca— Tin We*v:r
Call :s r--.ces. sr.! ta «-:¦ tiire&s :n Uje ;
t--. : _» ------ or Cinaia c-.e year for II. j
port*.:* : h ' |
31151 KLLA\EOIS WANTS. I
~\ htdd^fl-Ujflt Jncaridesceat dy-
rjame - - • i^'.tprr:; ir first-c'.afs cr.i:-
ttej; *»Ute prt« nr '- t<Tr; * la use - A/i - re?s
- : • ' •..:;; r:ia ft.. S. F.
j.r-~ ii^T"M v teeatmtor; rr.UFt,i>e in rood condl-
1 a : i : = -". OH oCOce.
WAXTEIV-BallCT*.- M-tsebzll f«t! KROGH
v- - ; < • • . :—:? Btertaaca rt.
-CE^MjPKJXS sre ¦v.t.a.l we pay bir prtcea fcr.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 gtocictcn ft.
IF ycu w:fh fu'.l va'.ueforycur cast-off clothing
-- "' on Ti C'*»HKN. 1*T Triird: te! T:'«ck ¦?'.r*
MONEV TO LOA.*..
>N V arr-QUiit at £¦ j*r cent: 1ft. 13 sltA Sd inort-
¦riVes -^r.Jivided Interest, real estate in pro-
t*t*- (acrtSB«ca *r;<5 legacies bcui?tt: no <Se- i
•¦ r»l n-v tern» b*fT* dcing buiir.e^s ei5e- |
vf.er* R.'Xl^XLGAN. :4 M r.ig:.T.-r>. r :. :
AXV rr-?p'<:t;. n. *r.y arsc-unt: < per cer.t: 2r*t. \
i^^:r.i estate* In probate, ir.tert-st
1-i estates, legacies, corporatism loans, cnatt'l :
rr.-ntrac-*, hie tn»ur«r.ce. Room IS. f.rrt f.ocr. |
<-hr:r..cl- f.iz. KALLORAN ti 0L?F.N.
IIIGIil-V i n|m Ulill irivate place to obtain
liberal advances on d.an:cni». Jewelrr at iow-
**t rate* EallW.n Jewelry "tore. M5 Market
' ft.: teL Main im Brirrh » Third ft.
O\ rtimlt^re k.t.2 pisr.o« without reraoval; quick
»erviee: nrsey direct: Uw^*t Ir.ieres-.. Rx=u
Q s.r.a C-. I>3r.'.r.* b-i'M'.z.c. 1170 Slarket 5;.
1IOFT r^iiat!* rlace to bcrrr-w en d'.affirr.ce.
watrhe-. jewel.-j-. W. J. HE^THAL. U frirth;
Mirh«*t prto* for c!J (rcld. silver, da^ujtii?.
AT Iti Kearny. room 9. respective private
flac* ta borrow <"a watches, diamrnds: lowest
rai»^: tske elevat.r. Telephone Davig S33.
ON real ett«te. :rt or Tni rr.r.rtrage*. »n-! -~zi
fumitBn or pi*Wf ; no removal: any amourt:
lcwe?t rates. BECKER &CO.. '.$ Mor.trsmery.
VONTT ?-> i'«.r. TIIH McCARTHT CO1I-
PAXT. fr«« Market et.
ANY E.rr.c-jr.t en rjr^iTur- ar.d rlanoe: 3 per
c.r.;; na remcval; r.a ccn^. Room Et. 6 Eidy.
TO f«!aried people wi:h-ut security: ail bus!-
r .«.« r-r.f.J^'Ja!. Touyley Co.. Ztl Parrott ti?.
ON taralpore. Etaaest 3 per cent p»r maotb; co
<?'-.ir.:r.->5 r i B. Hit, VDaoB. m. l'l. € Ki 4 .-' It.
ANY ma, Irt cr ti mcnti^r*. estates in pro-
bate, chattel-, etc K. fc?. Extrr.-.r.er huiMirg.
. «
K. MITiPHT. C9 Market f... selves aU kinds cf
f.r.aT.i-.i! rritien?; ti m:rtga«es. estP-tes. etc.
CA?tI loart-1 ta f%!ar:«Kl peoyte en cote w;thci:t
ir.*crter. UOBBEUU W Examiner tuilding.*
ON furniture, jiar.r*. without rerr.aval; no ccna-
rci««icr!; private. LICK. 315 McAllister st.
TO salaried raen without c-ilRteral or in>Jor»eT.
B . F. Dh>cwTrt *.«wwry. l <? - Ps»".»". tftAWtnx.
31LSICAL 1>STUIMKXTS.
THERE is rn!y one "hert" piaro fcr p*<ip:e to
buy. and that 1« the IVckcr & Son. Fui! Ftcx-k
mX MAt VAX~ Mu-ic House. 7g? Market ei.
IX you want to rer.t a g~»I piano cheac we
can sru.t you; If ycu wart to buy on install-
rr.»s*i we will jileas* you; try us. MAUVAIS
Uade Crrr-iany. 7£3 Market n.
W"K have tie fcar.lsocif-st Iir.e cT piar.o covers
ever shown in the city; ca'.i ar.l fee them and
get cur v-ry l»w*pnce». 21AUVAIS il-ottc
Co.. 7C3 Mark-.t et.
/g urual. we r^Ter tcs* fine barjrair.n.
One Fteck c'ir.jrht. walnut case; like sew.
f<~.f \Vet*r l*i right, walnut case; new.
One Fimcimr L'r -right: in fine order.
One crrurct: mahncacy case.
One Neutcanr. Upright: very rood.
One Curtax Urrifht; cak case; excellent.
Prices Irr.a JlS*. up; to per nimth.
EENJ. CTTIITAZ ic SON. IC OFarre"! st.
A? we represent the bert inake cf pianos in
every rrsde frcm Steinway down to low-
rriced fr.tkea. and as our installment pay-
raer.tf ar* easier than these of other dealers,
we are the people from whom j-oa ccould
purchase; new upright piano*. JS cazh. JS per
naatli: ether plane*. $3. ti and £ per month.
"HERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Stcinway deaiers.
s^-r:rr Ki-airr and Sutter sts.. San Francisco.
¦^xser Ttirteer.th ar.d Erca4way, Oakland.
AliPOLTTHLT the ollert and largest house
we*t of Chlcaxa 1* KOHLER i CHASE' b.
K. r? and SO OFarrell tu: tianoe. organs ani
a'.l ether csu5*rai inrtruaents of all irradei
eT:d vr-r**: terra* easy; t»rice« lowest: every-
thing pcKsible £cse to please and fcatUfy tt<
ccrtonier.
VIOLIN nrin^r; never wet: t-ert in the worii;
>:Ui Italian harp: also old vio!ln for eale:
makir-r and reriairinc of all kir.J* of rausical
instruinerita Cari C. Andersen. 417 Geary rt.
REMOVAL cf ke*fTe*s r'-'vn'> More fn-jn Van
,*e»« to $23 Market, b^t. Sth and «th. next
Hale Iiro«.. & will contluae reduction sale for
2 week*: open trTgt: call and tret low prices.
A KEAUTIFUI* u; right, fine ton*, handsomo
case, usr* verj- ii'tie. *!?»: i»h.> thi* before it
if *old- The J. E'EW'INO CO.. FJ-xxl bidjr.
A KICE Bprtstrt r'ano, made by the Fischei
Corr.r-ary. tlflft. Room 1C, FJood building.
Tin: wiLcr n allen co.. r.i Pest «c;
Ksrtlrr.an. Crri ,ver ar.d <ither plane*.
POHMKR tk CO.. Iiyrcn Macxy, Gabler. HitII-
u,n plaacs. K* P-:*t st.. opp. Tnion Square.
BAP.GAXN-<J<x.d- r'.ar.o cheap; Inatalimest i3
per menrh tiCHMITZ. J« McAllister tt.
tLAt'OHTEI! sale rf piano* this ir^.k fcr
etorape. WILSON"? 5TORAG7!. 171& M^rkeC
V.'. G. BADGER. *" «acrani*-ntft «.. acent fur
Franc!* P.a?r.n*ac'l Haiiert & I'tavis rlar.fw.
g'"PCKinR noliras. zither*, c'.d and new. H.
i 1IULLKR. rr.iker. r*ra!rer. : Latham place.
\ --FINE larpe urr'eht: 3 pedal*: rosewood
"c .se. SC4S EiKbte-enth «t-
ONE £t*tr.way. 1 Chick-ririr. tiro; instailtnenu
tt to tlC; rent ?? up. HEINE'S. TZi Elllg ft.
RHDUCTION sale: ne-w pianos: 15 payments;
lor rest, C cp. EEUEXN, KS Post et.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET-
WTNE MEN. ATTENTION 1 1
! For leas*— The large basement, 10Cxl48 v under
i the New Commercial Hotel. Junction of Keamj.
Montgomery ave. and Pacific St.. formerl^usec
jas a win* cellar. DAVID BUSH i SON. »
I PCKEL
TO RENT— Coal yard; UU McAllister et.. bet-
Burhasan and Webster. Apply at \ O>
RHEIN Real Estate Co.. £13 California st.
25x?5: FRONT part first floor, 4S Ellis st. : well
Ifphted: freight and passenger elevator, rem
r.c--ir.Sgal.
it PACIFIC ft. ani S-A Sansome: handsome
etcres: very cheap.
FOR rer.t-E'.epar.t ofSces and rWBBW In Y. M.
C. A. bldg.: all modern Imps.: rent ver> low.
TO rer.t-Mo-'em ct-re: well lighted: 2Exl+0:
rer.t reasosaMe. TX Hayes 5l
I'ALMIsi It I .
\f\rr Vee^na^d~~Pres. ?t O»-main Col'.ece of
P^.!^rVTr>ad>lt?'- «« Gwry^nr. J>ne,.
PAKT-VEItS WASTED.
PARTVEH '0 latntfocc harmless er.d lcexpen-
tor r*movin K catara^. restoring
• ir*t rtaou ar.1 -all diseases of th* e>es. u
X. T.. <^all f.'flce. ___
PERSONAXS.
{nnr.eriv cf U Coi^tuercia.! st . fan Fra-.c-sco.
i a T and na uoe Um» at HumSoUt. Km.
'• Third st . New York City.
! P"R?.~NAL-G<<od^V.ing lady of S6 years
w^iJ I:ke to ctm—pond with respectable bus-
iness man 49 to years of a?e: ..bject matri-
b :.-. iddren •'MA1UTA," SOI JcpUa et..
: j r:\lr., iio_
: my wife. 1 MART M-OOVTAN. havine left rry
bed and boar-J. I wiU not^be r^po-5,bie f^r
r-r.y Oebta contracted by her. PHILLIP E.
McCOWA K.
TOTNGwMtnr hav!n- e3.teuslr« property inter-
ests taim to meet elderly boslne«> rnan of
wealth; object matrimony. P«'x **»'. '-an.
! 7^nATTiry~^nIne7triviy baby fcr a-'.optlon.
MKS. I>R. FUNKE. Hie Eighth St.. Aiajneda.
¦ i!VK PARR 15 H. Just arrived from the East.
«r01 open e!f-ctrical parlors for ladies et Sv>
Mt-ket st.. room S*; corn?!exior.s treated:
!:res removed; form developsd: superfluous
' h«ir dt-strny-td; public recepUon to-morrow
from 5:3^ a. m. t" 12 m_. J to 6 p. m. ; satts-
[aetloa ruaranteed^
Fu~- YOUR HAIR.
ill hair ar.d rca!p d!.'ea!>e» suecesfrully treat-
ed "*'ir grown. stOFP^d raHir.-: dandrufT cured:
ladies delighted who use Luxuriol. bust devel-
nper; ir.close stamp, 'ree proof, to Mrs. E. R.
D^Tilmp. St. Ann's b'.dg.. EJdy & Powell sts.
I.r T ~'EItER'S Qulatocttca Hair Tonic, extract
QoJslnt P>ark: beneficial, harmless; 3cc bot.
I>n. E. C. MEP.VY has taken new offices at
i:Cj Ftockt^n st.
LEDERER'5 Quintorica Hair Tor.ic stops hair
far.Ir.e oot; makes the hair crow; Be bot.
LAPIE? — Bast enlarged 6 inches; failure Im-
r<^=y;t.ie: 1100 guarantee: pr^of free. Leonard
Medicine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
LEPEP.ER. the pcpular halnlress^r: any style
_io: see window d;splay of Quintonica this
vutelc; switches fl up. 1^ Stocktcn st.
F< 'U wrinkles, facial blemishes, pray and fa'il-
ir^ hair: cure guaranteed. MME. FISHEU,
IS Powell ft.
••HAIR Doctor's Remedy" prevents, corrects.
Dr. Kuester. specialist. UI2 Frar.klin. Oaklnd.
EtAQ cir;Tts man to cnier and for seie; also
chenille-wf-ve rugs, silk portieres: dealer la
carpet twice, in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW?. 70S K:fth. O?.k'and.
MARRIAGE bureau; efi. 1S5T: reliable and ccn-
Mentlal; !:stf. We. Mrs. Herti. 70* Ellis st.
r?.EE — Success In life can only be obtained
through ir.t'uer.ce: is.:l! send absolutely fr<?e a
I -;3.?e book which exj'.air.i all secret* of
hypnotism, persona! Tr.agr.etitm & matr^ptic
heailnr: t»!is how to c-ure diseases & bad hab-
Sls. enable* you to win A hold the lov* and re-
spect of ethers: anybody can iearn in a few
d»yf ; we guarantee success: write t>--3ay. A-d-
dreys NF.W YORK INSTITUTE OF fcCI-
E&'<T. L>ept. ilTL. Rochester. N. T.
AMATEUR phrtographe-s— Save U> per cent ry
having your wcrk gct.« at Kerr.bmndt Studli.
I K9 Market St.. ccr. Etocktcn: kodaks. 34x3^.
' tn!y Sic: no chanre fcr black negatives; pro-
feesicraL advice Iree; kstcat given. 50c each.
• THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and p!I!ows ms<ie to order, re-
ccvered and renovs.te*i; honest work iruaran-
teed: prices defy crsK.'tlrn: fine upholstery.
Phcr.e fJOT'- factory. SIS and IZO Eleventh ft.;
Crtt-daa clearing ar.i dying. 409 Sutler «:..
Pan Frar.cif-o.
PARALYSIS imritlwll cared; also nervous dis-
eases, fkln diseases, lung diseases, ossiflca-
tioc. car.cer, censun-.pticn. tUH Joints; no
i drjr«: r.D knif»: ccn*u!tati r n free. DR. L. J.
STKATTON. UK. Id. ZCZ 1'arrjit b-aiii!ng.
i ELE'TTRIC lights in every iocm VTlB-faesfr
Huel. 44 Third «t-. near Market: TDO rooms;
1 Tie to Jl M r-er r.'.ght: Jl 50 to JS p>er week:
fr»e "^js sr.d baggage to ar-1 from the ferry.
: PRIVATE detective work; r»as?rsaMe rates: 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. K7 Jessie st.
! SSMK. ADA. -ror.ierf'j' r y gifted healer. U
Kearev. n»T. 11. cures nervous— es«. blintl-
n»-«f. Bripht* d:»»ase. rurtare c-r any all— -.ent
' SUITS to crd3r on tssUUmeats; J15 upward;
II » w.ek. LEON LEM^?. U27 Market St..
between Seventh End Eirhth.
M1F? SHELDON. cli'n-p^^Ft and c«r_ reader.
_!« Market st.. »eecnd Boor, room 37.
' LADIES' sr.d cr.ts' ca«t-rff ci?thing bought M
'¦ scld- gilv-rrran. 9M F"l«"rr.. tel. Folsorn 1131.
; JXAXTED — OW-faahtened silver, brase. cepp-er
; «rare; c.rics. all d?«crlrticr.!=. IV> DSDOSt st.
i SUIT5 to order, on ea^r payrr.ents. Art Taiicr-
i lrg Co.. Exarr-.!Eer tulldinc. pem ?¦17.
i ALKREDUilS Egyptian H*nna restores gra>
hair ;-> i:« r.ituril c?l^r, Jl: at a'.l drcrrists.
¦ : CAST-OFF clothlr.-. fid ml! ani silver bought:
I send t>^stal. COLEMAX'P. CM Kearr.y et.
G. V. HORSE, photographer. M*'< Facific ave..
b*-f-e»n Pierce ar.1 Bceitt: plxme BteteeT 3331.
J'HVSICIAAS A.\O MUOcU.N.s.
i DR. CP-ANSTON. the freat sr-ecialigt. has re-
! f umed practice at ly-i Market St.. comer
I Taylcr: effices 2Z e.r.Z ti: take elevator.
; DR C. C O'DONNELL— Office ar.i re«Mence,
! T*^m Market st.. tct. Pitth sri ?»^»nth.
rROPEUTl' WAXTED.
i WANTED— Producing ell properties] MO acres
or more for fcrcign customer. THE Mc-
! CAHTHT CO.. 646 Market st.. San Francisco.
SCI Broadway. New Tork.
, MODERN house. S rooms: north of Market et.:
j SSX» to SXiOO: PArt cash: remainder install-
ments; or exchanre rocd renting prcperty
| acrc^s the bay. Box 34^-*. Call.
i REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR S.\LE.
! EALDWIN & 1IO"WELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MARKHT-PT. PP.OPEP.TT.
: N»s.r City Hali: r7:?x!27:S; a splendid OFpor-
j tunity: only W.ZCQ.
KQ, C J?>— Market «.. near City Ka'.l; 2-etory
brick building; rents tlio: lr>t 2?xl00.
H-ST. FKONTAGES.
I Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
j moderate prices and on easy tersis; get par-
ticulars £t r.ffice.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
I tZ7.UV — I'aciSc-ave. residence : tlejrant modern
j residence. 17 r%n;!. 2 baths: all arrangement*
j fcr an up-to-date hon?.e; let S7:6sl^:6.
I f/i.t. — Green St., near Gough; good residence,
I S SJOass and hath and laundry; lot 126:6x137:5
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$39.00C— Geary ft., near Van Ness ave.: 4 resi-
dences: r«r.ts |1K'; let S7:€xl20 to rear street.
J37.r*<i — Foisoir. st.. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict: 3 fr^ntate*: rer.ts $170; lot iO>xS7:«.
Tll.QfC — Rents 1113; Castro 6t. t comer; store*
and Cats; l"t KtlSO.
A BARGAIN.
tS^'^— Mission r^ad. near Thirtieth: one-story
building containing store and 3 living rooms
in the rear: street work doire; lot ISx7I; terms
i J13CQ cash, balance monthly payrr.er.ts.
AN OFFEa WANTED.
: JSOOO — Rents SCO; Natonia St.. n*ar Sixth- coal
Lyarf and * E*t* «Vve; let 17x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY
1 ;tS.O0O-I>autlfuI residence in the Mission- 14
I rooms. S baths; fine grounds; sun ail around-
I lot 7^x115: rr^fce oiler.
:i?'.w«— Broadway, near Van Ness ave. ; 2 tvfo^
stcry frame houses; 7 room each; rents $50- lot
i €0.€xU7:6.
I CS.*0fr— Price reduced: "Washington et. resi-
[ dence. with fine marine riew; large garden: sun
i all day; lot 127:6xlC7:€; don't fail to tee this
! property.
t-7^— Richmond District: entirely new; t cct-
taces: moiern In every respect: easy terms
SS»— Sunset District; ; han3s.^me new mod-
ern residences. Just completed; 6 room« and
bath and basement; lot JjxlIO; easy terms; cail
at branch office. Ninth ave. and H et.
jiixo — Stelnei «t.. noar Ellis: cottage 4 rooms;
:lot =ix20. VACANT LOTS. -'• :
$4,-<ir — Stelaer. near Fulton; lot 17:6x110.
fl5.W0 — Presidio Height*; corner; I«7xir7:gi4;
fre marine view; choice residence lot.
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
K2SA— Mill Valley cottage; S rooms and bath-
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et.
TO be sacrificed^ — S13O0 cash or installments;
i..-af 7 room* and finished basement: run ail
cay; street work done. Apply 3C5 Bennington
gt.. eff Cortiand ave.. Holly Park.
11S*jO-FOR sale: 136 Pa-»w- »••»-£ 3 cottages on
X lot. Apply la rear.
REAL TSTATC C1TT FOR SALE,
MADISON A BURKE. Heal Eatate Agent*.
CM Market St., opp. i'alace Hotel.
Established lS5s.
Post, near Jones; great future; let 25:3x137:5;
sold to close an estate.
$I7,0CO— Fulton st.. between Polk et. and Vaa
Nets avenue; lot £0x120 to Aeh avenue.
S65A0 — Cbpp st.. near Twenty-third; rents $€3;
flats all rented; !7:£xl2::6.
$K0C«— Laundry: well leased; Lombard St.,
near Flllmcre; £5:1x137:6.
Elegant residence Just finished; Masonic ave-
nue, near Frederick st.; grand view of both
ocear. and bay; S rcon.s, tcth. attic, etc.; elec-
tric wires, gas grates and sun in every room:
price only StiOOO.
California st.. adjoining corner Polk; lot Mx
$7:6; must be sold to clcse estate.
$S<?00 — McAllister Ft., near Laguna; rents J57;
let 26:6x1^) to Locust avenue.
$*00O— Harriscn st., near Tenth: flats; rents
$50; only partially improved; 75x100.
$5000— Baker St., near Sacramento; S rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6xlC2:&
$23CO--Brvant St.. near Seventh: two cottages:
rents $2C-; let IOxSO.
$t2T0— <l)ctavia st.. near Haight; an elegant
lot for modern fiats; 37:6x100.
$3SX^-Greenwich St., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:SxlC0.
fisno— Pay st.. near Church; cottage of S
rooms; let 2£xll4.
MADI5ON & BURKE.
C6 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
S12 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
J53.O«V— NW. corr.tr; Turk st.. near Larkin;
13T:€xl37:6: rer.ts t2-o: partially tmprtnwd.
joO.OCO — Warehouse in vloin.ty of Fourth and
Towusend sts.: !<9-240 feet: two fnjntaees.
Broadway, near Franklin st. — 77x137:6; modern
house cf l.s ro<">ms.
f.K.C<'v— Market St.. near ValPr.cia; 3S:ll ! ixlH;
Irregular to St^vens^n Ft.: fram-* improvements.
JHOC'.' — Corner Green ac'l Powell sts. ; 70x70:
3-st>ry building: rents $132.
$12. SCO— Union St.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 2^:5xl2S:9; rents $97.
$S000— Ellis St.. near Oetavia: 25x120; hsuse of
S rooms and bath. ,
$725<>— Van Nesa ave.. near Pacific ave.; 2Sx
100; house of 12 rooms.
J65C""' — Grove st.. near Central ave.: 23x137:6;
new three-story bay-window flats: rent* $50.
$6000 — Vallejo st.. near Mason; 4S:l«ixl37:«.
with an L: Z flats ami rear house: rents JC».
$€000— Folsom St.. near Eighth: 25xS<r. 2 flat9;
rents J46. *
$1800— Green St.. near Dupont; 20:5xS0; 3 bay-
wlr.dow fla'.i: rents K^.
I450O-- Page St., near Pierce; 2cxlO0; cottage;
rent J27 SO.
$4 # .'5O— Webster it., near Filbert; 23x100; 6- room
cottase.
SS~h<J— Ellis St.. near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
{2?00_Centra! ave., near Hayes Bt.; store and
I rooms and bath; 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
JSQPO — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: SSxSS.
jSOOO — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. :
55x100; will subdivide.
$33('i>-Fu}ton, near Flllmore: 32:6x!ST:6.
$3000— Laguna st.. near Page; 2.'xlf«).
S7TZQ each — Post St.. near Devisadero; ! lots.
SOxSO — \V. line of Mission. S. of Army: S lots.
$17i0— Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:6x1(5.
llh((>— Sutter st.. near Lyoa; j;:3x»X>.
$!;«— -Union <t.. near Pierce: 2.V2X100.
HOW MUCH BETTER TO LOOK AHEAD
AND PP.EPARE
THAN TO LOOK BACK AND REGRET.
Provide vour family with a home; pay. for it
monthly; you will feel a whole lot* better in
ihe end. than to te. forsver throwing your
m^ney away paying rent.
We will buiM ycu a hmsse according to yoar
own plans an J you can ray for it monthly.
50 Ws to choose from, on Twenty-third.
TVujgJays »ts.. Hoffman ave.. Alvarado and
Twenty-second sts.; street work done; gas
mains laid, and within one block of Twenty-
second-et. cars.
OSCAP. HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$UVJ FOR a brani-new 4-room and bath cot-
tage and lot ZSxXDQi with hot and cold wa-
ter ar.d sanitary plumbing; on payments of
Jll 50 per month.
O?CAR HEYMAN. II Post Et.
$150 EACH. $3 monthly— Level building lots,
near Crescent ave. and. Mission st.
$233— Lrt. graced and eewered. near Mls-
•lon and Thirtieth sts.: *5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN. It Post st.
ii MONTHLY , 15 MONTHLY
$i:* r.n<i upward: fine building lots. 1 blr<-k
from Twenty-s>eo-ir;d-»t. cars: lots £5x114 each.
OSCAR HEYMAN. H Post st.
ONLY 17 50 a month buys a fine 4-room and
bath cottage and 2 lots near Frultvale; It la
a bargain.
OSCAR HEYMAN. It Post st,
JOHN PFOP.R, 4C3 Pine street.
Opposite Nevada Bank.
$3«v*— Rent $32: a double flat In the front
house and a cottage In the rear; south of Mar-
ket *t.
$2700— A orve-stnry bay-window and basement:
S rooms and bath: basement floored ready for 5
more rocms: lot 2',xll4: five doors from car line.
SC3.V— a splendid pick-up: rent $360 per an-
num: store and flats a pick-up.
jl30C«V-Hayes st.. nr. Oetavia: fine 2-stcry. 2
stores and 2 flats; lot 4>xl29 to rear street, with
8-room bouse on rear street: don't miss this.
f73rt>— Jackson st-. nr. Buchanan; large lot.
50:€xl28; Improved.
$Sijr*>_Rent $TS3 per annum; on Flllmore St.; 4
fine flats: lot WxSO.
$4Ct>>— Credit sele: only $1000 cash: a fine Pan-
han.He property: nearly new hcuse and lot.
25x110.
Reduced to $3735— Rent $540 r*r annum; R nice
Geary-st. business property, store af.d 2 flats.
TOR SALE BY
HAWKS & EKELTON.
2C3 MontjoSiery st .
P500-SE. cor. Larkin and Filbert: 4U62; fine
site for home or fiats; very cheap.
$5 J0O— Lot SW. cor. Grove and DevUadero:
34-110: on main drive to Park.
$3,2iO— Lot W. line Devijadero. S of Grove;
26x110; adjoining above lot.
$2 600— Lot S. line Grove. W. of Devisadero;
27x112: on main drive to Park.
« 000— Ivt SE. cr. Vermont and Soiano: lOCx
110: near electric cars: a bargain.
$12,500— Double hou<e; cornpr facing Park; mod-
" ern 9 and 10 rcoms: all look south:
charming home to enjey song birds,
flowers and driving; now occupied as
one house.
«1S 00& — Business property; Flllmcre. near Call-
* ' fcrnta; rents $1410 per annum: never va-
HAWKfi & FKELTON. XX Montgomery at.
$7250— SEVENTEENTH E'... near Valencia; 8
rooms, bath: Cxll3.
j.-r^o Broadway, nr. Oetavia: 6 rooms, bath;
" $1500— Market St.. nr. Church; 7 rooms, bath:
SxlflO: mr.rtyage $3008.
•4-'<V_San Bruno ave.: 2 flats; oOxlOO.
. J1750— . Guerrero ?t.. nr. ilark-n; 6 rooms,
bath: :5xS0: mortgage $240.
113^-^— Whitney st.. nr. 30tn: 2 lots: 2->xl.j.
$1250-Bryant at., nr. lTth; 23xKO; street ac-
: cepted. ,_
tl_-O— Douglass St.. nr. l<th: 25x1-..
tlZX— Liberty St., nr. Dolores; 25x114; fine
view
W. H. CRIM & CO.. US Montgomery at.
$1_ 500— VALENCIA, near SOxll7 to alley,
with lmDrpvements: mast be sold to
close an estate: effer wanted.
$o0T«>— Flats on Ellis s=t.. near Scott.
J3300 Make offer; sold on account of mort-
raw Fclsom St., nr. Eighth: KxlOO.
. $3100— Very anxious to sell 2 fiats on Church
st. bet. 22d and 24th; stable on rear
aliey: can be bought at a sacrifice.
McEWEX BROS.. US Montgomery st.
$1CO CASH— Balance same as rent;" nice cottage
' home.
McE*VEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery tl.
II E POEHLMAX.
nktL ESTATE.- LOANS AND INSURANCE.
31S MONTGOMERY ST.
$22.000— OTarrell st.; fine flats; rents "$13&>
Te $i7 2J<V_ Corner, ,V>-vara; part improved; rents
$13"0 yeer; will trade; mortcage $11,000.
$3500— Exquisite home of 6 rooms, bath. Urge
reception hall, veranda, basement, etc.; lot 50
xlK- nothing tastier in Richmond: S car lines.
$1750— Offer wanted; Union st.. near Broderick;
lot 27:CxlT7:6: improving location.
$435— Twenty-second ave.. near Lake St.; sew-
ered • 23x120. . _, ,
$450— Arlington st.. near Mnt»o: Fairmount
Tract: tSxMO; near cars and fchool.
Bargain.
' fC"i- $*.' < 0 cash balance $3 per month; on
instalments; choice building lots en Elizabeth
tt het. r»ouc!afs st. and Hoffman ave; sUe
ESXnC t."if block from electric cars; this lo-
cation is rapidly being built np by nice new
houses and the lot« offered are the cheapest
In the Mission; ready for building; will give
possession immediately: will arrange to build;
installment payments if desired. Apply to G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery ft.
NEW residence— Pacific Heights. 2302 Vallejo
tt near Fillmore: now open: « bedrooms. 2
t>ath«. 3 c'.osets. furnace, laundry, electric fit-
tinrs t*T^ugh"Ut: hails white cedar: dining-
room cak to celling: living-room wainscoted in
hard wood, with beamed ceiling: large open
fireplace: splendid residence: grand marine
view: cars to the door. HOOKER & LENT,
14 Post st.
FINE northeast corner let. 32:6x117:6: Califor-
nia st and Fourth ave.: at a very low price;
only $1300; it cost $2OC0.
I can arrance so that this choice lot can
be raid for in easy Installments; It is the
cheapest lot in Richmond: all street wcrk done.
Call et once tr> get It at this price. W. J.
GCNN. £30 California st.
"Jerome English. 11 Montzomery st
$13.00fr-Three new flats In choice part of
Western Addition; rente tVZO per month.
$3.5CO--Or.e-fourth cash; house of 9 rooms; lot
tSxl37:«r*Eday St., near Scctt.
J-ROOM oottage; 237 Sunnyslde ave.: $50 cash?
$10 oer month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64C
Market tu _j _]
FOR SALE— A cottage ' of ' 4 rooms '. and bath;
verv chean: on. Installments. 46 Prosnect ave.SAILED.
Saturday. July 23.
-Schr Transit, Jorgensen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Saturday. July 23.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor. ****%--
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Peaches grown within two miles cf Lon
don were an interesting novelty at the
Royal Horticultural Society's show at
Wo'strrinster recently. They were of good
s-ize and a dark rich color.
GRAND
G Devlin, w & s. Seatle
A E Devere. Portland
Miss Jennie Cavanagh.
Petaluma
Miss M E Cavanagh,
Petaluma
Otto Ptrubel. N Y
C R Spauldlng, Palo A
Dr R E Smith. Sacto
C W Fleming. L Ang
F R Younglove, Cal
C Dunphy, Cal
D R Draper, L Ang
C Hlnehcliff, L Ang
J A Cashier. L Ang
C Wlllcox. USA
Mrs Splegelhaltor. Mo
Dr Spiegelhalter. Mo
Miss E Spleselhalter,
St Louis
Miss Alice Spiegelhal
ter, St Louis
Miss Paula Spiegelhal
ter. St Louis
A D Hazen. Iowa
T Lewis & w, Honolulu 1
Miss F Rich, Butte
Lieut W Reno. Detroit
T Fiennan. Vallejo
J C Goebel. St, Louis
HOTEL. V
G A Andrew.*, Detroit
D Kevane, Sacto
H H Blodo, Bakersfld
Dr C II Gunderlach &
w, St Louis
M A Hudson. Watsnvl
C Gambrlll. Wellingtn
( Fredendall. Cheyenne
Z Rawyston. N Y
J Mitrick. Philippine I
H E Merare. Cal
T Gilbert, Oakland
Mrs Carleton. Vacavie
H J Castle. Manila
D F Palmer, Chicago
Miss Palmer. Chicago
Dr T Cross, Stockton
F B Lane, Stockton
Dr Le Lande. L Ang
Lieut. L Dyer, USA
Lieut L Dyer, IT S A
W J Hanna, Sacto
S A Kean, Chicago
W Rogers. Chicago
H Ledyard & w, S Jose
Mrs Price, Pasadena
M E Blair. Reno
Miss Jacobs. S Clara
Miss La Gove. S Clara
PALACE HOTEL.
J F Templeton, St L
E>r W Rehert, U S A
J G Coffin. Stanford
Mrs J McNeil. S Cruz
L A Grant. L Ang
B Weil, Alexandria
P B McCabe, L Ang
D P McLeod, L Ang
C H McCullough. Mex
Miss A J Sabichie, L A
L W Burns, Chicago
H Gill. Eng
Dr R W Hill, L Ang
S C Mellett. N Y
W Gouldln, Mo
R W Carroll. N Y
J B Glldersleve, Stnfd
Mrs Glldersleve, Stanfdl
P A Coan, N Y '
F L Laughlln, N T-
R J Trimble, N T
Leo Gehf. Alexandria
H Laub. Kj»
F T Lecklaln, N T
A Trimble, N Y
H Laub. Louisville
R S Gunn & w, N T
N D Aronlrl & w. R I
F T Sutherland. Denvr
W J White. Phlla
H E Tomlson, Seattle
Mrs J McNaught, Ire
J B Maxfleld. USA
D J Bonfleld. Nev
W H Breuner, S Mateo
T R Hamer, USA
M K Cunnlngham.USA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
F Morgan. S Jose
F Manning, Seattle
G Corthay, Iowa
H Williams. St Helena
G Condon & \i. Nome
H*E Diamond, Courtld
J Smith. Bisbee '
3 Jensen. Stkn !
Miss E Tucker, Stkn I
Miss E Eastman, Stkn
Miss F Laggar. Stkn
J B Pivls, Manila
J O Brayton, Chicago
J H Frambly & f, St L
W J Champlin. Fresno
Miss Chaplin. Fresno
E J Fair & w, Fresno
J R Mitchell. Lathrop
O A Schroeder, Benlcla
G E Sullivan, L Vegas
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
Nlles M Peterson, lot commencing 350 S of
Lake street and 107:6 W of Third avenue. W
25. S 106, E 23:1. N 104:4; $10.
Jane Low to Peter R. Savage, lot on NE
corner of Sixth avenue and Clement street, E
32:6 by N 100; $10..
George W. and Ella Kline to Henry W. Wat
kins, lot an SE corner of Thirty-eighth avenue
and H street. E 240 by S 600; $10.
Jones, Allen & Co (corporation) to Anna Taft,
lot on S line of O street, S2:6 K of Forty-eighth
avenue, E 123, S 100. E 32:6. S 400, W 240. N
125, E 120. N 275. W 37:6, N 100; also lot on
W line of Forty-seventh avenue. 100 S of P j
street. S 375. W 120. N 25. W 120, N 125, E 120. !
JC 150, W 120, N 75, K 240; also lot on W line I
of Forty-seventh avenue. 75 S of T street, S
60, W 120. N 25. E 12:6. N 25, E 107:6; also lot
on S line of T street, 132:6 E of Forty-seventh
avenue. E 75. S 100. E 32:6, S 225. W 120, N
225 E 12:6. N 10O; also lot on W line of Forty
third avenue. 225 S of R street, S 30:5, W 197:5.
S 3;8:6, W 19:6. N 375, E 240; also lot on \V
corner of Tenth avenue and K street South.
NW 300. SW 121, SE 317:7, NE 16:6. block 207,
Central Park Homestead Association; also lot
on SW line of Eleventh avenue, 150 SE of L
street, SE 75 by SW 200. block 230, South San
Francisco Homestead: also lots 3C3 and 370. Gift
Map 3; also lots 10, 12, 14. 25 to 28. 30, 31. 43. 45
to 50 56 to 60 and 63, block 63, lots 16, 17, 25 to
27 33, 34 37 and 39 to 42. block 69, lots 1 to 3
nnd C, block A, lots 4 and 5, block 86, Silver
Heights, cancellation of four notes and mort
gages; $ .
Anna Taft to Ada H. Allen. lot on E line of
Forty-eighth avenue, 1C0 S of P street, S 73 by
E 240; gift.
Jenny F. Coordt (Stone) to James S. Stone,
lot on SE line of Madrid street. 162:4 NE of
Amazon. NE 23 by SE 100, lot 2. block 41, Ex
celsior Homestead; $ 10.
Harvey D. and Georgia S. Talcott to F. A.
Berlin, lot 24. block E. Lakeview; $200.
Frederick and Fredericka Volkmann to Eliese
D. M. Witt, lot 1253, Gift Map 3; $400.
City and County of San Francisco to Minerva
D Kellogg, lot on S line of Grove street, 163
E of Gough, E 27:6 by S 120; $ .
John Asmus to Henrietta A. and Amelia C
Becker and Soohie Dasnyis, lot on S line of
Turk street. 31:3 E of Pierce, E 23 by S 87:6;
gift.
Victor B. Solomon to Hyman Falk, lot on S
line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of Ecott, *W
27:6 by S 137 :8U: *«>. • ¦ „ „
Amy Lowman (wife of Isaac L.). Blanche L.
Palmer (wife of Sigmund G. Fisher), to same,
same; $10.
• Hyman Falk to Lena Falk, same; gift.
Frederika F. .Schloss, Nannie A. and, MorrlR
Meyerfeld Jr. to Mary F. Barron, lot on NW
corner of Fell and Cole streets, W 53:1% by N
100; $6600. •
H- and Christine Peterson to Emma Lange,
lot on S line of Cirl street. 229:4 E of Stanyan,
E 26 by S 100; $10.
Josephine Gerema to Therese Kurlbaum. lot
on SE line of Stevenson street, 153 NE of Tenth.
NE 25 by SE 63; $10.
John Altemus to L. M. Hoefler, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-sixth and Florida streets, E
50 by S 113; grant. 1
George H. Lent and Bessie Hooker Lent to
Lewis Peterson, lot on SE corner of Twenty
fifth end Guerrero streets. E 125. W 125, N
2-5, $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company to
Fritz Hnhn, lot on E line of Twenty-first ave
r.u». 200 S of L street, S 50 by E ICC; $10.
Martin Holje to W. Ester* von Krakan.iCarl
F Ktange and Gotthard S. w Backman. lot on
S corner of Eighteenth avenue and G street, SFC
279.93, W 220.82, NW 186.35, NE 200. block 361,
Hunter Tract; »1000. • >
Alameda County.
\ F. N. and Caroline Henrlch to Mary W. Bill
ings, lot 60, Map of Locksley Square, Oakland;
$200
C P and L. C. Davore to Carroll Holmes, lot
on W linn of Warring street, 240 8 of Dwlght
way. S 129 by W 135, being lot 6, block L Map
of Property of John Kearney, near the State
University. Berkeley; $10.
Marie Werner (widow) and Gertrude M. Hoyt
(widow) to Edward Clemensen, lot on W line
of Adeline street. 44.37 N of Falrvlcw, N 44.37.
W HG.14. S 40, E 99.81 to beginning, being lot
2, -Werner Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to town of
Berkeley, lot on E line of Sherman (or Grove)
street, 330 N of Bancroft way, E 219.30, N 261.80,
W 200, S 262.86 to beginning, Berkeley; $7260.
Josephine C. Webster to William J. Gorham,
lot on S line of Central avenue. 925 E of High
Btreet, E 48 by S 125, being: lot 26, Hawley
Tract, Alameda: $.10.
William J. and Teresa A. Gorham to Evelyn
F. and Joaewhlne C Webster, same; $10. -^v^
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Katie L.
Jones, lot on E line of Lafayette street, 113 S
of Pacific avenue, S 37 by E 10S. block 33, on
Map of Property vicinity of Encinal Station,
'owned by Columbua Cartlett. Alameda: $400.
Amalia A. and Engelbert Fink . to • Helena
Schmldbauer twife of A.), lot on W line of
Willow street. 81 S of Lincoln. S 64 by W 80,
being lots 22 and 23, block A, To land Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Henry Oollln to Leonldaa EL Cbllln. lot on E
[Ua^ ot fOrhhatn etrey 100 Not BUteeaUv^
James Stone and Jenny F. Corodt (Stone) to
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Richard M. and Ztllah L. Veitch to P.
Sweeney. lot on SE corner of West Fourteenth
and Linden streets. E 42:6 by S 95:6, being
portion of lota 9 and 10. block D. Map of Oak
land Central Homestead Association, Oakland:
$10.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
B. E. and Frances M. Paddock, lot on SW line
of E Tenth street. 112:6 SE of Twent>vseventh
avenue. SE 37:6 by SW-lflO, being lot 6 and
SE H of lot 5. block P, Knowles and Pottor
subdivision Kennedy tract. East Oakland; $10.
Emma S. Reinhardt (wife of Joseph Rein
hardt) to Elizabeth J. Bevan. lot 4. block J.
Klinknervllle tract. Oakland Township; 110.
Same to Nathaniel McDonald, lot 8, block I.
same. Oakland Township: $10.
(\ D. and Grace L. Vincent to Sarah II.
Mason (wife of Dr. D. E. Mason), lot on N
line of Hopkins street. 45 E of Dlmond avenue,
E IS by N 125. being portion of lots 1 and 2,
block ii, Dlmond tract, Brooklyn Township;
Joseph and Harriett Westall to Alfred Smith,
lota 123 to 126. block B, Westall tract. Brook- :
lvn Township; $10.
" James and Agnes Rankln, Henry and Rosa
Mohr to C. S. Weston. lots 12 and 14, block
H. resubdlvision of Weston tract, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $10.
A J. iind Lillian F. "Waterhouse to Minnie
C. Beal (wife of Edward Beal), lot on E line
of Telegraph avenue, 140.60 N from NW line
of Claremont avenue. N 33. E 65. SE 36.97. SW
49.29. NW 19.79. W 42. to point of beginning,
being portion of lot 2, block A. Map of Vicente
Veralta Reservation tract at Temescal. Oak-
a john Mitchell to Ellen' Mitchell, lot on S line
of East Fifteenth street. 1S2:4 W of Twenty
third avenue, W 75 by S 150. being portion of
Cannon tract, to correct former deeds. East
Oakland; $10. „ ";
George E. Butler (single) to Mary S. Ca"r
nall lot on N line of Hilgard avenue. 200 W
of Euclid, W 50 by N 12f>. being lot 13. block
6, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Charles G. Merrell (executor of the estate of
Emma L. Browne, deceased.) to the McCarthy
Company (a corporation), all Interest In lot
24. In BubdivlBion A of Frultvale Terminal
tract, Brooklyn Township; $150.
B. McFadden (executor of the estate of
Bridget Myron) to Jacob Ansel, lot 24. block
2110, Alden tract at Temescal, Oakland: ?90O.
Paul n. Stiller to Walter H. B. Miller, lot
24. block D, Map of Peralta Heights, East
Oakland; $10.
Charles Stocky to William Rutherford, lot
on S line of Eighth street. 111:8 W of Camp
bell, W 25 by S 156, being lot 19. block 52e\
Casserly tract, Oakland; $10.
William and Josephine Rutherford to Charles
W. Bolles, same. Oakland: $10.
J. M. and Mary D. BaTtlett to C. L. and
Mia Malmqulst. lot beginning at a point SO
S from the S line of Sixteenth street and IiO
W from the W line of Adeline street, XV 46:6.
S 27:6, E 27:3, N 7:6, E 18:3, N 20 to beginning,
block 5S7. Oakland: $75.
Oliver M. Caldwell and William B. Farreli
to Klla H. Farrell (single), lot on N line of
Blake street. 1S1.62 W of Shattuck avenue. W
75 by N 129.63. being portion of Plat 68, Rancho
\. and I). Peralta, Berkeley; grant.
Ellen Lawrence or Valladao to Mae I. and
Evelina I^iwrence, lots 3, 4 and 6, block 22,
Oak Shade tract. Alameda: gift.
Harry B. Belden to Susie L. Belden. lot on
W line of Vnion street. 1S5 N of Eighth. N
25 by W 115, block 549, Oakland; gift.
Roy T. Kimball to John F. and Frederick J.
Stoer. undivided H interest in lot on SW corner
of Emery street and Plat. 6. Rancho V. and
D. Peralta, and distant 330 W from the W line
of San Pablo avenue, thence N 360, \V 260. S
360. E 260, to beginning, being portion of Plat
6. Rancho V. and E>. .Peralta, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Charles E. and Jennie Wade Snook to Charles
E. Wilson, undivided half interest in following:
Tract of marsh land bounded N. E and S by
creek and slough, known as East Creek, opening
into tKe Bay of San Leandro and W by W
boundary line of that portion of Rancho San
Antonio granted to Antonio Peralta, Brooklyn
Township; also excepting that portion con
veyed by R. SImson et al. to G. Treat et al.,
September 4, 1869. and recorded in 43 d. 61.
Brooklyn Township; also excepting that portion
conveyed by N. W. Chittenden et al. to B.
furrier. September 1, 1S77. and recorded In G.
deeds J75. Brooklyn Township; also excepting
that sortlon conveyed by R. Simson to N. Da
mon. July 26. 1SG1. and recorded In L. d. 32,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles E. 'Wilson to San Francisco Collateral
Loan Bank, undivided half interest In name.
Brooklyn Township; |10.
Simon Stiefvater to Christina Stiefvater. lot
on SB corner of Central avenue and Ninth
street. E 167 by S 135. being lots 6 to 12. block
-3. Map of Oak Shade Tract. Alameda; gift.
F. 1'. Mitchell to Maude L. Mitchell, lots
36, 37 and 38, block J, Broadway Terrace, quit
claim deed. Oakland: $95.
W. H. and Emily Butson to AKOStino Denevi,
lot on S line of Minna street, 375:1 E of Tele
graph avenue, K 52 by S 100. being lot 23.
Map of Linden Homestead Association, Oak
land; $10.
50 by E 110. being: lots 3 and 4. block 601. Oak
land; no. ..
Catherine Jones to Thomas Hyland, lot on N
line of College way, 338.34 E of Louisa street,
E 40 by N 134.31, being- lot 21^ block 6. Map or
Sea View Park, Berkeley: 110.-
Moses Samuel to Fritz Waggershauser. lot 37,
block F. and lot 22, block E. Sanford Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $200.
Security Loan Association to J. B. Medina,
lot 19 of resubdlvlston of Bellevue Tract, Brook
lyn Township; ?10.
Joseph A. Leonard Company (corporation) to
Lovell White, lot" on SW corner.of Clement or
Atlantic avenue and Mulberry street. W 30 by
S 150, block 16. lands adjacent to Encinal. Ala
meda; $10. - •<, -¦;:¦ .
Joseph Hefrscher (by Lilly Hesser, attorney)
to Manuel p. Brebes, lot on NW corner of Alva
rado street and First avenue. W 60 by N SO,
being the E portion of lots 2S and 27. block 6,
resubdlvision of Ward Tract, Eden Township;
$500.
Oakland Bank of Savings to James B. Nicho
las, lot en W line of Park street or Twenty
third avenue, 175 S of Frederick street, S 25 by
W 125. being lot 8. block A. Camden Twenty
third-avnue Tract. East Oakland; $800.
.Oakland Building and Loan Association to
¦Eliese Her-sen. lot on-\V line of Ellen or Hel
len or Horton streets. 3iO S of A or Thirty-sec
ond street, S 25 by W 133. being portion of lot
11, block N. Map of lands of Peralta Homestead
Association, Oakland; $10.
Edward E. Young to Patrick McDermot, lot
on N line of Forty-fourth street, 240 E of Lin
den, E 50 by N 100, being lot 27. block 2104,"
Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
THE SAINT FKAtfClSCO GALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
38
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL13.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sohellhaaa.' the
furniture dealer, 11th and FranJUtn, OalUand.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannairan ft Gallasher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mkt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln BchooL - ; •
„ .^ lelephono Boutli 80, ;-» _.
'J . _ ¦¦ ) * c ""~'^_"
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Oceanic 8. s. co.-no?ror.Tir.u, ajpia
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. 8, 8 p. m.
S. E. AUSTRALIA) Honolulu only) .
Wednesday, August 22. 2 p. m.
;. D. SFKECKELS & BKOS.CO.. Agts.. iMMontfOmen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St.
— ¦¦ ~ »~ : ~~~ ¦ T-^TTT'
If nOMflO I IIIC HATHOR 5500 tons
KUaSEVlUtS MNroOTAVIA 7XK)ton3
IVUUIIIUU LII1L LUXOR .6500 tons
— : — ABTDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc
8. S. Tanis, 4500 tons. Bails about August . 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arents.
11* Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office,
Market at. Baa Francisco. __ _.
PRETTY double cottage" of ten rooms, bath
and ta*. In perfect order, .veranda and gar-
den; northwest corner Fifth and Clay sts. De-
tails and key. apply room 17, Gallndo Hotel:
r*nt moderate.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$25-:-ELEGANT 8-room cottage; handy to local
train; also other places; call for list. GEO.
W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
ICEW colonial: 7 rooms; finished In hardwood:
«»xlC4; on west side of Telegraph ave. ; must
be eeen to be appreciated. A. J. SNYDER &
CO.. 4€7 Ninth et.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE — Valuable Improved and productive
I'roperty. brinfrtng in a monthly rental of $134;
fald property is situated on the main" avenue
leading from Oakland to Alameda: to be sold
as a whole or In subdivision* for cash or on
easy terms. Address MRS. SEVIN VIN-
CEXT. 527 Park av<>.. Oakland. Cal.
$7C0— COTTAGE, five rooms, barn, hard finished:
17G3 Union st.: also cottare, 5 rooms, bath:
barn; cement basement; J14C0. Owner, 10S
Fourth «t.
MOl'TIIKKN %'A.VIVIV COMPA9TT.
IrAciric aT*TBM.)
Trains ¦•••«• !•«••« »«¦«• «!«•«• •« nrrlt* at
H\ti t"is.4*N «:!*«:«».
(VI»in Line. Foot of Market Street)
mil — Krosi July 15. 1900. — i»»m
•7:0Oa Benida, Suisun, Eknira. V*»TiIla,
Riim«''f «a'i SMtimeut" *7rt3p
•TiWOa Shasta EipreM— DutU. Williams (for
Baxtlett Springs). Willows. Rod
fclu3. l*onl»ucL "TrtBf
•7:80a Martinet. s*u tUiuon. Vallejo. Xapa,
C»l!st)'g» and Santa Rosa •(JjlBp
••:OOa DaTia, Woodland. KnfgbU Landing.
M*rj»»llle. OrovUIe "T:4I5»
•<i:0O» Atlutio Kipreu— OgdAii and Eaat *tl:4» A
•»::u»* Ssii Joae, l.iierraure. Mtoektoa.
lone. .Sacramento. PUcerrille.
M»m»HI», Chico. lUdlllnff MiISp
•SiStt* Oa'ciUi)-. Chinese (for Yosemlte).
Honor*. Carter* *«i1i»»
•OtOO* Haywards, Niir* and W»y Stations. 'I Ift5 fc
•»:tt»A Lot Angeles Eipre«» — Martiuei.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
and Fromvi •••43p
•9i3*& V»U. j... Mutinex and Way Station! "3:»3r
*IOiVOa Thn OTerlanU limited— Ogden. Don-
»«r. Omaha. Chicago »3i13f
•11:00a NiliM* IJterinore. W.ncfcton, Hicra-
niniti.. Meudota. Uanfoid. Viaaila.
PortvrTiUe •«•••¦»*
•l3t««M Haywards. Nlles and Way .Stations. ! 3i i^p
fl:OOr Sacrain«nto UUer St««ni«n t3:0OA
•3:OOr Hajwtrdi. Nilri >od Way Station!. *3:J3p
HiOOrUwtluw, San ilmnou. Vailelo.
N«p*. C«!l«t..«». Hanta ltf.ua •»!¦»*
•'¦•••r Benida. AVistexs. Haeramentow
Wumllsmi. Knl<lits Landing,
Marr»?lllff, OrotillA *IOi<3«
•4 i»o r NUea. Man. loss ami Stockton *7:l3r
•3:V«rTha Owl I.Iznltod— Tracy. Fresno.
BakersQeltl. Haugua for Sauta, Bar-
bara, Los Aogrles *»:I3i
*3iO0rFr«»uo Pawenger— Martlnei. Lath*
ron. Stockton, U«rc«l. Berenda
(lUjmimi for Yoaemite). Kroano. . *13:1S»
•3s3Op New Orlran* Expreas — i:«kerati«ld.
Santa ISarbara, i.os Angeles. Dem*
Ing, El Psjo, New Orleaus sod
Kast •!.<¦»»
•OtO«r Haytrarda. N ties ami Sau Jose «7i • •> »
IDiOnr Vallxjo ......*iail."Vr
•tl:O»r Oriental Msil-Ogden. Cheyeone.
Omaha, Cliicsgo *11:I3a
•«:O0p Oriental JUU— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. *4:13p
tTiOOr Vallr]... Purt C'Mi* and Way Sta-
tions {Vi33p
•SiOSr Ortfgmt and Callfomis Kii.r*«,,s»c-
r»meiiti>. Marynfilltf. J.V.MIn/.
rortl»...l. I'.ig^t M.,,i,,.l ai..l Kant »«:l^l
COAST IHTIMOM O'arron (iaage).
(Foot of Market .Street.)
J7:13a SsiiU Croz Excursion (or Santa
Cms and Principal Way Stationa {SiOSp
•StISA Nrn.^rk.C-iilritilif.Maii.ioiio. Kritou,
Iiou!d«r Crrek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Station* »0:20*
t3il3r Newark, Ceutervlllp. San .lose. New
Alma leu. Pelton. lloaldar Cntek.
Santa Cnn and Vriuclpal Way
Stations •IOi. 1 »n»
•4:IJf Newark. Han Joie. TxisGatoa fSt.iOt
o4tl3pr,lfnwco<l. Felton. Sinta Cniz «*:3».*.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma six raucisc;)— n«t *r *ut*\ summsUss)—
•715 900 11:00a.m. |l:03 *2:C3 11:S3
•4C3 13:33 ?8:C3r.M.
rr«m0UUSD — .'.tt «r Brt.i««f .— 'COO 8:00 10:00*. M.
t»:CO '1:03 UZZ *3:33 lt:33 •3:C3r.M.
C'OtST OITISIOX (Mro«.n.'4.i ? e).
(ThlrJ und Townaaml Sta)
tOilUA Ocean View, Houth . a iu Fraudsco.. JSiWof
t7:COA s*i. Joaa ami Way .SUtioiin (New
Altnailrii Wettiieidaytonljr) •la30»
JTiSOa Sanday Exenrslon (or San 'Joeev
Bant* Crnz, Pacific Grovs aad
rricdpal Way Stations JSt*O»
•9i00a Hau .lino. Tres 1'lnos. HhiiU Crnz.
Paollie (Iriue. 1'aia ltobles. Saa
I.uis Ol>lspo. Hnrf, Lompoc ami
rrlnelpal Way Stations MilOy
•IOi«o* Baa Jose and Way Stations MiS3i
•IIi3«a Maii.Ioie.LosGstoaai'.dWsy.SUtioiia *Si3«y
t'4:13r Sau Atatco, Kedwood. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Sail Jose.
Tres Ploos. Hanta Cmx. Salinas.
Monterey and Faeifie drove tfO«sn»
t»:3O P San Jose and Way Htatlotis *Tt3l>«
tl:!3r Ran J<>Mau<l Principal Way Stations *«>43a
f3:oor San .low, Los Gaios snd Principal
Way Stations t!>:Ol»i
*.1:SOr Sau Jose ausl Principal Way Stations t*<3A*
•6:50r 3an Joteaud Way Station f*:«»»*
*H:43p San Jose ami Way Stations *7:3ft?
A (or Morning. P (or Afternoon. "
* Daily. ? ami day ezeepted. I Sunday only.
ft Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday aad Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO;
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO NORTH PACIHS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX KRAXCISCO TO 8AI* ttattattt.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12HS,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. cl Thursdays— Extra ttf3
at 11: JO o. m. Saturdays— Extra trlv* ax l^i
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.} 1:39. S:t3«
5:C0. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN rRAXCISCX>.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. xn.: 13:13.
3:40, 5:15 p. . m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:'S and 1:35 t. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; VM. «:«?«
5:00. 8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea PariC
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. ( Arriv»
San Franrlaco. [Apr. 15. 1900.] San Franclieo.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. | dayi. [ Destination.) daya. | Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 em! Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:33 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm'lO:!S «m
B:1J pm| 3:0ff pm| Santa Rosa. 7:33 pml 8:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 a is Windsor. 10:23 act
ll?ald»burg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:Mpm
7:33 ami I Hopland ! |10:I5 am
1:30 pm' 8:00 am! and Uklah. ' 7:33 pml 6:20 pro
7:20 am 110:23 ara
8:00 am GuerneTllle. 7:33 pm!
8:30 l>iW - I ?:20pn»
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am! SMO ara
and j
6:10 pm; 5:00 pmf Glen EU»n. C:03 pm! 8:K> pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami tli):4O am1lO:23 am,
S:30 pm! 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpo!. | 7:33 pm' «:20 pm
Staxea connect at Santa Rosa for M*rk W»st
Springs and White Sulphur Sprfncs: at Fulton
for Altrnria: at Lvtton for I-ytton Springs: at
Oeyservlll* for Pkages Sprlnsa: at Cloverdala
for th* Oeysers: at Hopland for Dun--arv
Fprlnir^. HlsMand Sprlnyl. K^lseyville. Carls-
bad Sprlnm. Soda Bay. Lak»port and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklnh for Vichy Springs. Sarat->Ka
Springs, Pine I^ak*-«. Lat:rel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints. Upper Lak<\ Pcmo, Potter Vall»y.
John Day"s, Riv^rstde. LI<M-ley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrtn Heights. IIulIvlU*. Orr's Hot
Sprints. Men<1.->clno City, Fort Bra<s. 'Wost-
port. Usal. Wllltts. Laytonviiie. Cummtna,
Bell's Sprints. Harris, OUen's. Dyer. Scctia
and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round trto tickets at
reduced rates. . >
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
beyon.1 San Rafael at half rates
General Manaeer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOtWT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
•nJ£2X? Francisco via Sausatito Ferry-
Weekly Call, §1 per Tear
in real estate; long list. Call or address
GEORGE BIDDELL & CO., HIS Broadway.
Oakland.
BARGAINS!!! BARGAINS!!! BARGAINS!!!
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
........ AND RETURN
on the NEW TRAINS of the
Santa FlRl!?
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
gocd for return
Until October 22d.
V/ill tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street
or at "
Ferry Ticket Cflke, Foot of Market St.
"i r
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
OSI 3 O j OO C~t
• 2 o • P DESTINATION. • P • 3?
i;SB ji? . I - Ils
* en- • aa
8:00 p 9:00 a Lv San Francisco Ar 6:00 pi 8:00 a
11:05 p 12:30 p Ar Stockton Lv 2:30 p 4:40 a
1:18 a 2:42 p " . Merced " 12:26 p 2:49 a
3:05 a 4:33 p " Fresno " 10:30 a 1.0t>a
7:Wa 5:48 p " Hanford " 8:31a 7:55 p
4:50 a 6:1S p " Vlsalla " 8:35 a 11:54 p
5:10 a 6:40 p " Tulare •• 8:l."»all:(«p
7:30 a 8:55 p " Bakersfleld " 6:00 a! 9-00 p
5:15 p] "• Kansas City " M:50a|
7:40 a( " Chicago '. " 10:00 p[
Stock-) Stock- ~~
ton | ton
Dally. | Dally.
I 4:10 pjLv San Francisco Ar|ll:20 al
|»;15p|Ar Stockton Lv| 8:15 a|
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 190*.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. AL ***'
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *S:30. 9:20 11-00 m. m.-
12:45. -1:43. 3:15. 4:15. -ias, S:l£«-40 R %i_
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valle/ and%aa'
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and H:S5 p. m
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •$:«>. »9:00. -10:00. U: oo. u :3 o
a. m.; 12:45. »l:S0. 2:30. 'J^. 6:00. «:». ":29
p. m.
ll:C0 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
"yji&y- 1:l5 - 2:U - * S:3 °- 4:3 °- 6:3O J>' m -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »6:45 nnd 10:20 n. m
SUNDAYS— «:15. 'S-.OO. »9:50. •ll:0Oa. ni.- »12:0O
in.; 1:00. 2:U. »3:30. 4::o. '5:43. S:4i. 7:J0. 10:20
p. m.
~I&P* m « k ea (•) start from San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. 6:4S, 8:00. 8:55. 1O:JS a.
xa.: 1!:J5, 1:45. 2:45. S:SO. 4:50. 5:20 p. n.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:!5. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 1J:U.
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way ita-
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way na-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyet >nd way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cawdaro and war sta-
tions.
U:45 p. m. Sunday*— Point Bern and - way
stations. ¦ •• - ¦ ¦ - — -- .I**
IC7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Retail Grocers' Association are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2140 Howard street, corner of Eight-
eenth, thence by 10:40 o'clock train from
Twenty-flfth and Valencia, streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HIBBARD— In Aptos, Santa Crux County, July
23. 1900. Holly Bernice. beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Hlbbard. and Bister of
Ernest and Wynoma* Hlbbard of Llvermore,
Mrs. Fred Wood of Aptos and Mrs. Fred
Schoenstedt of Pleasanton.'
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
COHN— In this city, July 2S, 1900, Emanuel
Cohn. beloved husband -of Fannie Cohn, and
father of Newman, Ben, Annie and Jake
Cohn and Mrs. S. Rosener, a native of Exin,
Prussia.
CASEY— In the City and County Hospital.
July 28, 1900. Patrick D. Casey, a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years.
ENGLISH— In this city. July 2S. 1S00. William
English, a native of Ireland, aged 7S years.
ESPEL— In this city, July 27, 1900, Bernhardlna
Espel, dearly beloved wife of the late Henry
Espel, and dearly beloved mother of William,
Henry. Louia and George Espel, Mrs. Wil-
liam Dasmar.n and the late Frank Espel, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 77 years
1 month and 24 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and of the Chrlstllche
Mutter Verein.---(Clncinnatl, Ohio, papers
please copy.)
(OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2021 Howard street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
FOLEY— In this city, July 2S, 1900, Mary Anna
Foley, wife of John Foley. and dearly be-
loved mother of William, Alice, Henry, Annie,
Lnretta and Genevieve Foley, a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 37 years 10 months
and 4 days. A member of Redwood Circle No.
72, W. or W.
{[^¦Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
GAFFNEY— At sea, on board transport War-
ren. July 17, U'00, Edward S. Gaffney, dearly
beloved son of James and Mamie Gaffney, and
loving brother of James, John, Robert, Ella,
May and Catherine Gaffney. a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 1 month and 10 days.
GONSALVES— In this city. July — . 1900, Julian,
beloved husband of. Mary Gonsalves, and step-
father of Mrs. Mary Fernandez, a native of
Cape Verde. Islands, aged 50 years.
(CTTrtends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post. Interment Laurel Hili
Cemetery-
GONZALES— In the City and County Hospital,
July 28, 19C0, Julian Gonzales, a native of
Portugal, aged 43 years.
HELMS— July 26. 1900. John E. A. Helms,
dearly beloved husband of Mary G. Helms,
and brother of H. W. Helms of St. Helena, a
native of Germany, aged 60 years and 4
months.
(STThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 211 Fourth avenue, between Cali-
fornia and Clement streets, Richmond dis-
trict. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In this city. July 28. 1900, at his resi-
dence. 62 Julian avenue, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth streets, Patrick D., beloved
husband of the late Julia Casey, and father
of Martin, William, Thomaa, Joseph and the
late John Casey, a native of MHchellstown,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 66 years.
(n^ friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Seventh and Market streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
AST— In San Diego. July 28, 1900, Bartley Ast.
beloved husband of Teresa Ast, a native of
Hclifax. Nova Scotia.
BROMLEY— In this city, July 28, 1900. Kate
Garrison, wife of George A. Bromley, and
daughter Of the late H. P. and Angelica W.
Wakelee, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years 11 months and 13 days.
BU1CK— In this city, July 27. 1900. Mary Hazel,
beloved daughter of William and Kate Bulck,
and granddaughter of John and Mary Bulck
and the late Michael and Ellen Riley, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months
and 7 days.
ASMUS- In this city. July 26, 1900. at his resi-
dence, 10S9 Turk street, Jchn Asmus, beloved
father of Mrs. Henrietta Becker, Mrs. Amelia
Hecker and Sonhte Asmus, a native of
Wandsbeck. Hamburg, Germany, aged 75
years 8 months and 25 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F., and Wal-
halla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O. F.
DIEJX
Asmus, John Lynch, James
.\st. Bartley McCarthy. Daniel
Bromley, Kate G. Mclver, Margaret
Uuick, Mary H. McMenomy (infant)
Casey. Patrick D. Marty. Fritz
Cohn, Emanuel MuIIin. Etta
English, William O'Farrell, William
Eepel, Bernhardtna Raffo, Rev. Paul
Foley. Mary A, Skinner. William J.
Gaffney, Edward S. Stewart, Robert
Gonsalves, Julian Thomas, Frederick G.
Gonzales. Julian Wise. James
Helms, John E. A. Yelland, Raymond D.
Hil)bard, Holly B. Zamette, Paul ;
Lastro. Albert Zongler, Sarah
GOODWIN-BERRY-In Honolulu. July 12,
1S00, N. C. Goodwin of Honolulu and Mindora
L. Eeiry of Kan Francisco.
UNNKLL— LONGMAin— In this city. July 5,
WW, by the Rev. G. C. Adams, Henry S. Lln-
r.ell and Kate L. Longmald, both cf San Fran-
circo. ,
MO ECKEL— VON DEELEN-Vln this city. July
28, WOO, by the Kev. Paul Branke, Peter
Moeckel and Mrs. Julia von Deelen, both of
San Francisco.
PETERS— WADE— July It 1300. by the Rev.
Wyllys Hall. 1>.D.. Herman Charles Peters
and Stella Aimee Wade.
MARRIED.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j-yvfc-
Failing every Thursday. Instead ot^yjlr;
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. af^^™" 1
10 a m from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA TOUR-VINE. August 2;
L'AQUITAINE, Ausrost 9: LA BRETAGNE.
August 16; LA LORRAINE. August 23. First
class to Havre. $S2 50 and upward. Second class
to Havre $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trlD- GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
TUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, S Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE ¦WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (HIoeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday, August 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU Av££
Wednesday, August 29. 1300
fa^. NIPPON MARU V-"ii",«v.
.,; Saturday. September 22. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Jor
freight and passage apply at company a office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BREDHOFF- In this city, July 16, 1900, to tha
wife of Charles M. Bredhoff. a son.
BURKE-ln this city. July 19, WOO, to the wlf«
of Hairy A. Iturke, a son.
DURKEE-In this city. July* 13. 1900, to the
wife of Krlwnrd I>urkee. a daughter.
EICHER-ln this city. July 22, 1900, to the wife
of William Eicher, a daughter.
GAVIN— In this city. July S. 1900, to the wife
of Charles Joseph Gavin, a son.
GE1SSBERGER— In this city. July 24, 1900, to
the wife of L. H. Gelssberger, a son.
GRAV-In thip city. July 28, 1900. to the wife
of H. Gray, a daughter.
LITTLE— In this city. July 11. 1900, to the wife
of Wiriiam Little, a eon.
LOEBHINO-In this city. July 23, 1900. to the
wife of John J. Loebbing. a son.
LOHSE-In this city. July 24. 1900. to the wife
of F. C. Lohse. a son.
McMENOMY-In this city. July 24, 1900. to the
wife of M. J. McMenomy, a daughter.
MOLLER-In this city. July 23. 1900. to the
wife cf Charles F. Moller. a daughter.
O'CONNOR-In this city. July IS, 1900, to the
wife of Peter O'Connor, a daughter.
PERAZZI-In this city, July 28. 1900. to the
wife of John Perazzi, a daughter.
RUSSELL— In this city, July 26, 1900, to the
wife of W. L. Russell, a son.
SAMPSOX-In Vallejo. July 22, 1900, to the
wife of Joseph Sampson, a daughter.
SIMON DS— In this city. July 23. 1S00, to the
wife of W. A. Simondo, a son.
WARD— In this city, July 19, 1900, to the wife
of P. R. Ward, a son.
BORN.
Birth, marriage and death notice* Bant by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Nils E. Stabluem. 47. 523 Howard street, and
Sarah E. Barrowclough, 33. 523 Howard street.
James H. Krumlinde. 2S. 460 Bryant street,
and Sarah A. Jones, 31. 721 Harrison street.
William H. Lane, XL 1256 Folsom street, and
Katherlne M. Bryan. 19. 2105 Mission street.
Fred L. Martin. 21. 216 Eddy street, and
Maud Hanks, 20. 216 Eddy street.
William G. Schmeiser. 30. Sacramento, and
Irma Ka-Ies. 23. Sacramento. t
George Weldemann. 32. 14S Third street, and
Jennie A. K. Svendsen. 22. SC7 Shotwell street.
Peter Mock?!. 51, ."w Chesley street, and Julie
ven Deelen. 40, £5 Chesley street.
Oscar M. Kdminster. 26. 79 Henry street, and
Virginia •Wentworth. 24. 200 Turk street.
Patrick J. Fitzgerald. 36. 30 Ellis street, and
Elizabeth C. Curran. 2?. 156 Golden Gate ave.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
OCEAN TBAVBIfc
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
t vharf. San FrancJ«co:
ftk p or Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
S4«*fcw i,.lr 30 August 4. Chans* to
m&Sa xk'comT sr V€r
B3mag$Wi and N>w Whatcom (Wa«h.>-
ilr^^S| "S,- V^
Change at Seattle S g. %%£& N?'p!
for Alaska and O. N. « >• "
R'y; at Vancouver to Ci^y. July „
A2W?^^3KafeS£: Cayu-
For Santa Cruz M ° n "^| 9 oblspo). Gavlota.
cob. Port Hart"? <f" L Huen«ne. SM Pedro.
Santa Barbara. \« nt . ur f* eleV) and Newport-J
£ a s.. 8 j-ir^-W'Ss ' » "•»* every fourth
day thereafter. (n only at Port Har-
thereafter. xf.o-nilena Bay, San Jose del
For Ensenada. M ff ° n a1^ £/ ' Santa Rosalia
Cabo. Maiatlan Altata La nii^ b* e&ch
and Quaymas (Mexico!— H» *• m " '"*
B FW b ' further Information, obtain company.
W1 T| 0 cWkT 10 OF-KICE-4 New Montgomery
THE 0; R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street TVharf at II A. M.
ripr $12 First Class lnclud '» 3 , n ,?
rAHt $3 Second Clw aria M«al*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails .. •-••August 1
COLUMBIA sails • -; • - • • • • J "H^« Rntf »
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane Butte.
Helena ,and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market »t.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
nAKI.AM) REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE LIST.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND JJARGAIN3.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
-JlOO.OOO-Bueiness block; corner; well Im-
proved; everything rented: an estate; will make
I sacrifice Xor Immediatejale. 1^ TyL^ CE .
$55.0<:i0-BuBlness block; a corporation tale;
fine modPTO brick building; ven' center of the
city; land alone worth price asked; we assert
this Is the best and safest buy In Oaklanad
*""* t °- <ia> '- LAYMANCE.
$35,000— Cost JCO.OOO; an Oakland mansion;
premises . and grandeur of location cannot here
be described; must be seen; 2 acres of grounds;
bank sale; ten*, tojult. LATMAN - CE .
JI0.000— A suburban home In foothills, between
Oakland and Berkeley; unsurpassed situation;
5 acres choicest fruit and shrubs; magnificent
modern 12-room residence; creat sacrifice for
immediate sale. bATM ANCE.
J1S 000— Cost $30,000; not an old house, but
fln<- modern home, replete with modern im-
provements; corner lot; choicest central location
in Oakland; closing estate. %££}£$£
$12.000-Oakland Heights corner home; 12
rooms; large lot; situation and view unsur-
parsed; cost tU.OOO. LA TMANCE.
$10,000 furnished, J90C0 unrurnished— One of
Kast Oakland's finest 12-room residences; mod-
em: large grounds: beautifully situated; choice
central location; cost *S>.0«/0. / ,_,
LAVdlA^Lr..
$s;,00— Near Telecraph ave.. close in; cost
$10 000 to construct; Gothic style; 12 rooms; lot
SO feet; a bargain. LA TMANCE.
$650(41- Three blocks of City Hall: 2-story resi-
dence; 9 rooms; lot 74x150; land worth the price.
LAYMANCE.
JCM^-Lakeside district: modern, colonial de-
Fign; 11 rooms; furnace; up-to-date; near trains;
o. choice, quiet home location; bargain.
$0000— S acres In Fruitvale; fine fruit; splen-
did house; soil the best; borders on creek; situ-
ation perfect, beautiful; bargain; town lets all
arOUR<1 iU LAYMANCE.
jSOOO— Four flats, modern, renting $t>0; central
location; cost fSOOO; always """y^y-r.^-cE
»300O — Telegraph ave.: absolutely the best
otfer ever made on this magnificent street; an
up-to-date residence, 9 rooms; large, sunny lot;
grouped in with choicest of private homes;
special proposition; see immediately.
$4750 — Linda Vista terrace; one of the coziest
S-room homes in the market; never occupied;
beautiful finish; commanding situation; fur-
nace: lot I)Uxl25- terms rather than rent.
LAYMANCE.
J405O — Eastern owner authorizes to sell at
once fine 9-room house; porcelain bath, mantels,
gas fixtures; elevated and central location; lot
t3xllO; bank mortgage JltXHJ can stand; a bar-
gain; coet ?$500.
LAYMANCE.
$3:,iV}_Flne modern house. 9 rooms, 7 on first
floor; special construction for a home; fine man-
tels, gas fixtures; cement basement; corner lot, j
SOxlZO; barn; fruit and flowers; near station;
otter considered; cost *6G0d.
LAYMANCE.
$3300— Beautiful Oakland Heights- cozy new
home. T rooms; never occupied; builder haa
mortgage; wants cash at once.
LAYMANCE.
$S200— Adeline Station; up-to-date 2-story 7-
room house; Jlw) carpet goes; 40x125; cash
over mortgage.
LAYMANCE.
J2S00 — J250 cash; near Fourteenth and Broad-
way; new colonial, S rooms; pcrceiain bath;
Just finished; right In town; ought to sell upon
sight; mortgage J250M.
LAYMANCE.
$30(K > — Twenty-first st. and Telegraph ave.;
7 blocks of narrow gauge; 8 rooms; porcelain
bath; must sell at once; cost floOO: a splendid
bargain. LAYMANCE.
$2500 in the mortgage; cost ?45OO; to save
foreclosure, any offer considered; beautiful 9-
room home; porcelain bath; corner lot; street
complete; elevated location In East Oakland.
LAYMAJy'CE.
$:290— 5 blocks, 14th and Franklin; neat cot-
tage. 5 rooms; rents $20 month; mortgage
J1650; must sell.
LAYMANCE.
$2730— Modern building; 3 flats; rents $2S
month; close in, near station; always rented.
LAYMANCE.
11350— Buildings Insured for $2200; modern
7-room home; $750 stable; 50- foot lot; near Tele-
graph ave.; new mortgage. $1500; must sell.
UYMAXCa
$1750 — By order of San Francisco wholesale
firm.; Queen Anne 5-room cottage; elevated lot,
: D0xl40; r**cent stone and street work cost $500;
oCer wanted. LAYMANCE.
i $1950— 2-story 5-room residence; bath; stable;
70-foot lot; street complete; bet. Grove and San
Pablo car lines; only $200 cash; a snap.
LAYMANCE.
$2a»— $250 cash; Highland Park^ the finest
climate In California; Colonial home. 6 room?,
bath; cost $2750 to construct; lot 70x140; cost
over $2000; bargain; can ma'ke lot 150x140.
LAYMANCE.
$1550— $300 cash; near Market and Broadway
stations; 2-story houEe, 10 rooms: a good home.
LAYMANCE.
$1125— An estate bargain; cottage 5 rooms; 3
blocks of Eighth Bt. and Broadway; rented.
LAYMANCE.
$350— 2-story house, 7 rooms, bath, stable; lot
2ixl32; North Oakland, near new ferry ter-
minus; street complete; owner going away;
! snai>. LAYMANCE.
LOTS.
$2755 for an extra centrally located lot for
store or flats; only 200 feet from Fourteenth st.
and Broadway; center of Oakland: Just escapes
the fire limits; nothing like It offered for sale;
recent sale at $750 per foot in same block: a
double pickup; our contract is for quick sale.
LAYMANCE.
An estate: business corner lot, only 2 blocks
from two Broadway banks; $6000 once refused;
an offer of S2.'/i0 this week will be accepted by
executor; grtat sacrifice. LAYMANCE.
$25 foot; formerly $G1; think of It: fine cornet
residence lot, 50x140; opposite and adjoining ele-
gant homes: r.ear station; this offer Is to close
up an estate upon which we now hold deposits
on four other fales pending sale of this lot; call
at office. LAYMANCE.
ACRES.
ACRES.
ACRES.
Adjoining the city of Oakland and between
Oakland and Berkeley, we are offering 2*4 to 5-
! acre tracts at one-third former values: only $100
per acre required as first payment, balance to
suit: property near the city; soil and view un-
surpassed; overlooks some of Oakland's finest
suburban homes; new ferry will treble It3
value; prices now less than former mortgage.
ACRES.
ACRES.
ACRES.
We secure properties at bargains.
W<» advertise properties at bargains.
"Goods well bought are half sold."
Call or write us.
Information cheerfully given.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Office and salesroom. 460-462 eighth St., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKI.AND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
FRUITVALEADYERTISEMENTS
FUUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR f AIX P.Y H. A. PLEITNER.
jlGV-Verv tJiea;> lot. WxlU; located on a
mloa^amiied st.v4t; cJst u »:.er $350; this is a
fC f^-Cozy c^T^ge' of 3 rooms; chicken-house;
iC^oi Sell sad pomp; larxe lot. TsxlOD; partly
%,S> -Day-window cottage of 3 larsre rootnii \
tnd bath; ball; front and back P>rcfa£l»*«>-
• rnent. rtc; only 3 block* from local train. ea*>
terms if desired. . . „. . ,. „
ticioc*— Cottace of 4 rooms and bath; Btatlon-
*rv tub/; chicken houses and fruit trees: lot 3j
XM; connected with main eewer; enry one
block from Fruitvale ave.
lUM-XUdueed rrom ItfM: will buy a nice cot-
•Uure cf I rooms and bath. baeemer.t. etc.; lot CO
¦ x247; onlr one block from t-lectric cars; MOO
«ai«h balance same as rent. _
|12»-CoUa«a of 4 rooms and hall: artesian
veil, windmill ami tank; lot i0xl30; aJl fenced.
S blocks from local train.
yi75C— Modi-rn 2-story house of 6 rooms ana
!>ath; fine mantel, etc.; corner lot; near station;
xr.ust sell at once.
Choice lot on Fruitvale ave.: In nearlnK or-
*hfij-d- size lSOx:i0; small payment down. l>al-
anw ir.s>ta:!m<=nt=: mu« he sold immediately.
Only 3 hkx-ks from PYttltrale station we are
bu'iwinjr a handsome modern rottape cf four
rooms and bath; enameled bath tub. marble
•«-ashstan.i wash trays. ?-ft. l»a.«en'.ent : Kood
tiri'-k foundation: lot .'.0x153: all fenced; price
JJf.iyi- jur. 1 * carh. balance monthly Instalments.
Chicken ranch Of 6 acre?; 3 acres In bearing
orchard; house of 6 rooms; stable, city, for
rrm at f:' per month; sto<:k and Implements
for saJe nonsistlne of KA thoroughbred chick-
rns, I Incubators. 10 chick«*n houses. 4 brood-
f-r«. hcrte, harness and wason. €00 feet of wire
r.eu:r.fr. 4 toes of tor. «"tc., etc. For particu-
lars arpiy to H. A. PLETT3CEB. Fruitvale sta-
tion. Cai. ' ; '¦
FOR SALE BY J. V. KI.KOD.
51250 — A r.e-w R-room house. Just completed;
the owner is poJr.R away and must se'l: larpf
lot: near e°^d ¦Chool; not far fmm electric car.
S475—A J-n«m fcoupe: hard finished; well and
jjurcp; fine Bower pardon; near school and elec-
tric car: good ttren: must sell.
}l<y>_ Three acres of as pood land as there
Is in Alameda. County: 5-room house: this is a j
fine place for raisins chickens: can be bought j
on *-aey terms if desired. ;
j3<iQiW4v, acres: 4-room house; well and rump; t
f.r.e 6oll;"3 acres bearing fruit mr.stly Royal]
Ann cherries: near Havwards electric car.
J.JI5T. — House 5 rooms, liarn. windmill and j
tajik; r' ent >' chicken houses: fenced and cross- I
fen<-ed; 1 acre full Learing fruit; elegant home; i
cwryihinj: up to <lcte.
JS'ii-Houw of I rooms, we'.l and pump: let
T2"'x:25; plenty VarinK fruit: fine chicken I
hou»cs: pood chicken ranch.
JlCoC— New S-room house; well and pump: ;
Jarpe bara: lot 9<>xH*>; corner of street; can sell !
email payment ilntrn. balance same as rent.
V'-r rent — 4 acres all in bearing assorted fruit:
F-roem house; J17 W p»>r month: near Vpper
FruiTv«Je 6Chool; desirable place: pee It.
p.in't fall to se* the chnlco building lots near
Fru'.tvale Station; the only lot* now on the ;
market near the station: TCS down. J10 per ¦
nv-T.th. balance 7 i»t cent interest.
Fend for full printed lift of houses, lots and ,
email fruit and chicken ranches.
J. W. HLROD. Fruitvalo Station.
F-PKKST PAi^-THAOT.
Vj houses built ur in course of construction.
Only 12 choice F<">RK?T TARK lots left.
162 feot ah. we sra level, fine climate, piden- ;
4irt vit-w. ir«-s. f-IirubV-ry. etc
J100 cash; balance t-asy terms; orchard: nice
Ehadt tre?s: r.ew and modern; clepint location.
JlrA-Eircar.tly locatel lot: f.r.e soli.
fr<vi — l^-.t .Vxi"; 4 rooms; new.
f.xy) $50 dov.n. baianc<? easy; 4 rooms; sewer;
CiTy water; larpe lot.
11000— Jilt- down, balance like rent; larjre lot:
Fewer; city water: c!ose to cars ar.i station; 3
loom; lilfh basement : new.
I>ots of others at various prices.
Easy terms on everythlns wo ha\e to Mil.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
TITE HOME nriL,r>ING COMPANY.
Fruit vaJe offtpe. half a block alcove FVuitvale
Ftation. . I
H400 j'.X' CAPH, Valance eame as rent, will
buy a fin* new cnttace in the Peering Tract. .
If. W*. DAVTS. acent. FruItvaJe ave.. one ;
b'.or-k from Mati^n. I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
¦WILLIAM J. DIXGEE,
IMl'HOVEn AND REAL ESTATE FOR SALE j
IN OAKLAND.
ALAMEDA.
AND BEJIKELEY.
Srt3 BROADWAY. OAICLAND. j
In Alameda; new modern house. 7 rooms, ]
ba'.h. hi?h baFemenf. completely fur- 1
r.ifhefl: fine well of water; location first '
class; handy to train; big bargain.
£1000— In Fruitvale; modern cottag*. 5 rooms. ¦
bath; handy to train; lot 37:6x100.
JGCG— In East Oakland, near Eth ave.; lot 25x150; j
cotiase, 3 rooms. "
{2259— la Ea*=t Oakland, on East 14th et, nr. 2d |
ave.: will start liulliiinK the finest 5-room
colonial cottage yet built; something new;
. a'.l modern; lot 40x110; plans an! photo
at office.
SSttS— L:mien rt. home; fine location; larre lot. j
50x120: beautiful yard; house Is a very
large cottage of 7 rooms, bath, high fin-
ished haferr.ent; 2 servants' rooms; ?r«0 |
bank mortgage can remain; cost owner I
?600'.'.
JC00— Hsrrison ft., bet. Hth and Durant: lot, 50 j
xlo('; very fine house of % rooms and bath; I
this Is a targain and the best location in ,
Oakland.
$7500 — Finest cottage in Oakland, situated on
Filbert tt.. bet. Hth and l*".th; lot &0xl2o;
house of 9 rooms, bath, finished cement
basement: fine attic; elegantly decorated;
furnace; house alone cost over JS500.
I3230-3CW. corner Filbert and Eth eta.; SOxlOO
facing Filbert, I.'.xlOO facing gth St.: re-
duced from $10,000 for Quick sale; owner
in Europe.
5S0O&-FVT. corner "vVebfter and 2:d Bts.: lWxlOO;
¦will subdivide.
Fend for map and prices of lots between Grove
ar.d Fan Pablo. 22d and 20th Rs.; cheapest and
best in Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
S03 Broadway, Oakland.
NEAR LINDA VISTA TERRACE.
5CX0— Comfortable home of 5 rooms and a beau-
tiful lot. 60*1*2 ft.; elevated ground and
choice location; a big bargain; ca*h on
terras. C!LX>. W. ACSTXN & CO..
1C0S Kroadway. Oakland.
GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
51600 — Store and 4 room?; good building; fine cor-
ner lot. 25x110 feet, with street work all
done: good location for business; death
cf owner Is reason for j"»llir.g.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1"X»S Iiroadway, Oakland.
$2500— QUICK SALE. COST J30O0.
Kew Colonial Ftyle home at 6 rooms, enameled
betX laundry tube, high basement; lot WocHO
net. with good •tarn, gravel driveway, etone
•walk and lawn; rt-r.ts for f IT 50 per month
GEO. TV. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Hruadway, Oakland.
£0 HOUSES, eome new; acquired by mortgage
by bank; must be. rold at once; easy terms-
a change to secure a liome at rent rates E
1Z. BUKCB, MS lire :id way. Oakland.
— ; —
JJ NEW modern houses and cottages for sale; !
here Is a rtwaw to sct-ur* a Home on ea*y
terms; invrstigate. E. E. UUNCE. SOS Broad-
way, Oakland.
¦ t ~ V-J'-'. '
Jo MONTHLY rental— Cottage, cabin, well of-
. water: 4 fine lots; all fenced; fine chicken run-
¦t£td*« o;>ticn to purchase for HTi all told-
"•S e»*ke tenrs to wait; near a fine school-
house; tt-foot IxRdevard; a electric car lines
«r.d fniiitlng <u main a\emif: Alleniaie
Tract. adjui'iirgKaft Oakland; nil or Bend for
Circular; 4^1 t^oventh Ft., near corner Broad-
way. Oakland; carr:asc Tree. H. Z. JONLd
Land Owner. '
$2i00 COTTAGE FOTt $16J0.
r.M'ARALLELED SXAP. i \
Containing L rooms, bath, double parlorn,
mantels, first-class condition and order; ce-
ment waJks; street wrek complete; 2 blocks
from broad gaure: In elegant neighborhood;
close to echojls. cars and business center; part
cash, balance mortgage; first come first served
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Uroadxvay. Oakland.
s<:oo rnopERTY for szizs.
A new c^or.Ial house, T rooms; latest ideas
that make an up-to-date house; elevated
(round, surrounded by modern homes: the fln-
Jsh eomething r.ew; dining room, beamed ceil-
ing, burnt veneer; all rooms In variegated tints;
tunny exr-orure; near local train, cars and
business center; here's tue best in Oakland;
I-art cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS. IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
»176 CASH, fio monthly; new cottage: S large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 8
laree level lots. 100x256, $3SS; will fence and
finish up to suit buyer; plenty of good water;
poll, climate and view the very best; close to
electric car line and SO-foot wide boulevard,
and not far from madel echoolhouse; no fors
nor raw winds here: Westhall Tract, edjojn-
Sng East O&kland; ID buildings gone up al-
ready; more coming; call or send for circular.
4SS Seventh Bt., near cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
(COO AND up: chicken farms: 30 page catalogue
of horcea. E. E. BU3TCE. SOS Broadway. Oak-
¦ l&aC
KAILSOAD TSAVEL
TWO= £$?}!§¦
Knickerbocker
C nor Iol Noonday
jpCUai Train From
f NEW YORK..
ST. LOUIS to ISfpALO.
( CINCINNATI.
Vin B?£ Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
NO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY,AT NEW YORK.
STOl* AT /tlAOARA FALLS.
White~%
bpCC.91 From
. CINCINNATI.
S WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO
/ PHILADELPHIA.
v NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
LASTRO— In this city. July 27, 1900. Albert Las-
tro, beloved brother of Mrs. Loul8a Delflno
and Mrs. Virginia Kersten, a native of Cala-
veras • County. California, * aged 43 years.
(Calaveras County papers please copy.)
(C7"Remalns at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
LYNCH— In this • city 1 . July ! 27. 1900, James
Lynch, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, July 27, 1900. Daniel,
beloved son of Jeremiah and Mary McCarthy,
and brother of Thomas. Charles.' Jeremiah
and Joseph . McCarthy and Mrs. Julia Scott,
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4
months and 2 days.
ET'Krlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 42S Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McIVER-July 26. 10C0, Margaret, dearly be-
• loved wife of Murdo Mclver. and sister of
the late John Dickson of Elmira. Cal.. a na-
tive of Belfast, Ireland, aged 61 years and 6
months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 52-3« Mint ave-
nue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
McMENOMY-In this city. July 24. Infant
daughter cf Mr. and Mrs. M. J. McMenomy.
MARTY— In this city. July 20,' 1900, Fritz
Marty, a native of Berne, Switzerland, aged 41
years. (St. Louis, 'Mo., papers please cop>\)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, where
services will Le held under the auspices of the
San Franc!i=co Grutli Vereln. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
MULLIN— In this city. July 27, 1900. Etta Mul-
lln. a native of Boston, Mass., aged 20 years.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. US Geary street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'FARRELL-Itj this city. July 2S. 1300. Wil-
liam. Infant son of Patrick and Maggie O'Far-
rell. and brother of Magpie, Marcella and
Katie O'Farrell. a native of San Francisco,
agul 5 months and 26 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the narents. 1566 Kentucky- street, Potrero.
commencing at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
RAFFO-In this' city. July 27. 1900. Rev. Paul
Raffo. S. J.. a native of Italy, aged 79 years
and 9 days. .
CTOfflce and mass will be celebrated Mon-
day. July 30. at 8:30 o'clock, at St. Ignatius
Church. 214 Hayes street. Interment at Santa
Clara, by the 10:51 train from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets.
SKINNER— In Oakland, July 2?, 1300, William
J. Skinner, a native, of California, aged 21
years.
(t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his father's
resid»nce, 214 Sixth street, thence to the
Church of thfe Immaculate Conception, where
services will be held, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
STEWARX-In the City and County Hospital.
July £8, 1900. Robert Stewart, a native o£ New
York, acod 37 vears.
THOMAS— Entered into rest. July 27. 1S00.
Frederick G., husband of F. Q. Thomas, and
father of Arthur F., Olive Q., Frank G.,
Kenneth I. and Helen S. Thomas, a native of
Mllford Haven, Wales, aged 58 years.
• E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at Trinity M. E. Church. Six-
teenth and Noe streets, thence by carriages
to Mount Olivet Cemetery. Those wishing to
view the remains will please call at the fam-
ily residence, 3956 Nineteenth street, any time j
before the hour appointed, for the services.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 17SS. K. of H.—
Members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late brother. F. G. Thomas, this day
tSundaJ-). at 1:30 o'clock, from Trinity M. E.
Church. SAMUEL J. THOMAS. Dictator.
WISE— In this city. July 2, 1900. James Wise,
an «"x-Union soldier, aged 55 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from th» parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary street. In-
• terment National Cemetery-
YELLAND— In East Oakland. J...y 27, 1900,
Raymond D. Yelland, husband of Annie E.
Meeker Yelland, and father of Winefred U.
Yelland, a native of London, England, aged 52
years.
inTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the par-
lors of the First Congregational Church, cor-
ner Thirteenth and Clay streets, Oakland.
Interment private.
ZAMETTE— In the City and County Hospital,
July 28, 19C0. Paul Zamette, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 36 years.
ZENGLER— In this city, July 28. 1900, Sarah
Zengler, a native- of Germany, aged 55 years
4 months and 21 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances and members
of Artemus Circle No. 120, C. O. F.. are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from Forest-
ers' Hall. 102 O'Farrell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of A. \V. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
ARTEMUS Circle No. 120, C. O. F.— The of-
ficers and members are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late companion, Sarah
Zengler. to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock,
from the lodgeroim. Foresters' Hall. 102
O'Farrell street. By order
MRS. It. L. GALE. Chief Companion.
MRS. JENNIE BURGER. Fin. Sec.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. -BERRY. Pec. 120 Sutt*r st.. S. F.
CONSTRUCTION OF SEWER— Sanitary Dis-
trict No. 1 of Marin County. Cal.. asks, for
bids for the construction of a system of sew-
ers in Ross Valley. Marin County, as per
plans and speelneatlons on file with the sec-
retary. RIpht rererved to reject any and all
bld«. Bidders will please call between the
hours of 9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m.
PROPOSALS: xC j ;
NOTICE TO CONTRACToiRS^BldTwllTbrret
ceived by the underslEned until 6 p. m., Au-
gust 6. and then opened, for the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covering about 100,-
000 square feet and about 800 feet of trestle
approach near the mouth of the Columbia
River. Clatsop County. Or. Plans and speci-
fications can be seen and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia River Railroad In the Flavol
building. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
will be required of the successful bidder. The
undersigned reserves the right to reject any
or all bids In whole or in part as per forms
of propofal and specifications. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
*."ew Yort^ and Antwr»^%.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland .Aujrust lilAratronla ....Aujrust 15
KenslnKton ..August S.iN'oordland ...August 22
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
RED STAJ* LINE.
Stepping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York August 8 Pt. Louis August 22
£t Paul August 15 New York.... August 29
AMERICAN LINE.
WIVT TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PIBIi
Steamer Montlcello.
MOS., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex-Thura. nlKbt); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landln* and offlce. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1S08.
FARE gQe-
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
BAY AND RIVER STUAJIERS.NEW TORK. July 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.219 barrel*: exports, 1S.2S9 barrels; gales, 5700
ptickapes. Market was dull and barely steady;
winter patents, $8 lOJfl 30: winter mralts, %Z 63
@3 60; winter extras, ?2 70Ji3; winter low
(Trades, $2 4f"32 70; Minnesota State patents
$4 13tf4 50; Minnesota bakers', ?2 90£3 C5.
WHEAT— Ueeelpts. 70.300 bushels; exports
64.717 bushels: sales. 2.130,000 bushels futures.
40,000 bushels spot. 8pot, easy; No. 2 red, ti%c
t. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79^0 elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, f>o%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive.
Ot'tlon* were generally depressed durinjr the
forenoon under disappointing English cables,
favorable crop news and further liquidation.
The close was weak at K%©S%c net decline.
PnlPB Included: July, Sl%(fl83c, closed Sl%c;
fctptember. tCVtflilVtC. closed SOHe; December,
Sl r !i«7«2Vic, closed Sl%c.
HOPS— Dull; State .common to choice, 1S39
crop, WjUc; old eld old*. 3(goc; Pacific Coast
ciop. lfi(T/13c; old olds. 3®oc.
HIDES— Firm; Galveaton. 20 to 23 pounds,
ISc; California. 21 to 23 t>ounds, llHc;, Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds. 14c.
PIG IRON— Weak; Northern, |16 5O@1S;
Southern. «6 i(Xffl2 CO.
COPPER— Dull; brokers'. $18 50.
LEAD— Dull; brokers', 13 95. • : j . •
WOOI.«— Steady; domestic fleece, . 25®28c;
Texas. 1 lEfflCc.
COFFEE— Spot Rio.. Bteady; No. 7 Involcs,
9%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%(3l3'ic. Futures
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris future* were
hlslier.
Though Northwestern crop reports were ex
tremely bullish, Chicago declined on disappoint
ing cables and there was some realUinj.
Otherwise the markets were spiritless. :-•;.!, ~$
The local situation was weak and dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06%; millings. *1 07V4
©1 10. •
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— is,.
000 ctls, $1.13; 2009. |1 12?i.
Wheat and Other Grams
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight... — $4 58%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 85
Sterling Cables •• •". - . 4 M»>4
New York Exchange, sight -. 12V4
Nf-w York Exchange, telegraphic _ — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — C0%
Mexican L/ullars, nominal • — uVi
Nezi' York Stock Market.
N;:\V YOKK. July 2R.-Thrr<» was almrwt \
••*•;.' !n th« fifty's ftock market to lnter
•« f.r.y r,r-:t> DOtadde of the ™»:i circle of pro-
X'^*;< nal *wk traders wfii conducted all the
lnwIiK«; Prif** advanctl in the f.rft hour
tri<1 d»-clir,<-d afttr Jl:e .ii>j>earanc« of the un- .
••xj-K'ctedly Btroac bank statement, n"t
loe*e>? w^re the rule am a cc.ns»«iu f¥ n r '*- Tne j '
feature wati a i^ri««nd!<ular drnjt' cf 3 point*
In Fupar afu* an oj#nir,g advance of H. The 1
I'eajum aKslened wac a rumor of a strike In ;
one of the company'* rf-r;neri^s. Tho ruaiur
was denied without materially strrnKthenln^ I •
the nacM. Feniii»? trders to itop IrBses «a the
lcrr.g Fide wore d\*ix>vt-jv<l at the decline rfn-I
the raid on the stock wa« doubtless made with
tbe purpose of dlRlcdglr.fr these *. order*. Th*
Ixars wrre wonted to Uik» ih"lr profit! nnd I •
the ptock <;u!'-t'-d down. Mro^klyn Transit ni j '
bi-1 uf rn o<-»ntinued rumor* of -a Rood njrrl- j '
cw'.tural report and Dnrtiactoa was b-juKht on
«1* belief that the June report wouM show •
'arr.ings that would compare favorably •
- *j- thoMr of other roads. The selllnir after
the bsnk etat^rner.t wfnifl to »>•? rvalizlnic and j
was baFwi on the tuppofitlon that shorts would ;
cover on the good l>ank Rtat»n>nt, but there I .
CH not seem to be any ehorts and the market J .
CLOSING.
Atohlson. 27'.i: Canadian Pacific. 00*4 • Uninn
Pacific preferred. 77*4 ; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 73Vi: Grand Trunk. 6%: #naconda. SVi.
Har silver. Fteady, 2S l-18d per ounce. Money,
S&S'i per cent.
African news Is expected on Monday, also In
formation resardinjc the new Government loan.
Americans were Idle, but higher on balance.
Discounts were nominally unchanged, but there
was no demand.
NEW YORK. July 2$.-The 'Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram gays:
The rnarketH liTe were Idle and featureless to
day, but the tone was fairly steady. Important
WASHINGTON, July 2S.— To-day's statement
of the 'treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.0C0.0O0 (fold reserve In tho
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, 1150,169,778; gold. $72,788,330.
London Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. July 2S.— The Financier say*:
The Ftatoment of the New York CiearinR
iK'iipe tanks for the week ending July 28 is
mere In accordance with known operations
than was the previous exhibit, although the
gains In cash are in excess of preliminary ,
ertimates. The gain in spcrle and le^als ag- j
grcsrate $4.S71,C<!0, made up for the meet part t
of ppecie. The deposit increase was $">, 667.700. i
and as this called for nearly one and a haif j
millions of additional reserve th« surplus rose ]
only }3.4.'i»,075, standing at J27.53o.975, as against j
$10,811,125 for the Fame week last year ati-l
nearly $42,000,000 two years ago. The decrease
in loans, which has been a marked featun
for the past six wpeks. has been checked and
fcr the six days pust th's item shows an ex- |
panrlon of 13.247.SOO. M hatever slKnlflcance
this carries Is diminished through the fact that i
the pain can be traced to two larpe banks
and represents special transactions rather than
a Keneral revival In demand. The circulation
of the banks was increased over one million
dollars last week and the total Is in excess
of twenty-five millions. This shows that tho j
banks are expecting use for this money later
on, and while the immediate market cannot
be said to present tangible evidence of a
tiehtenins in rates It is nevertheless true that
the coming month and the opening of Septein- j
ber may witness a diminution Of reserves ' be
cause of Interior demand. Just now the ro
oHpts of money from the interior are ab
normally heavy and consignments from Aus
tralia and Alaska are addlnj? to the supply.
No gold went to Europe during the past week.
but international conditions are such that the
movement is more apt to be Inaugurated nt
any time. The best judges of money conditions .
are at sea rcKardins the future and arguments !
equally plausible and entitled to recognition
are forthcoming In support of both hlKher and I
lower rates. If past years furnish any prc- |
cpdent and especially remembering that a
Presidential campaign is at hand, the welftht
of opinion favors the theory of a moderate ad
vance later in the season, although 10 !."•
candid conditions Just now appear to favor
stationary rates with a continued ample sup
ply of funds.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July J*.
Ptmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Strnr C003 Bay, Nopander, 72 hours from
I Newport tS>. etc.
Stmr Brunswick. Ar.dresen. 3S hours from
! Newport, via San Pedro 25 hour«.
I Stmr Greenwood. Fageriund. 54 hours from
Newport <S>.
Dr stmr Victoria. Blakey. 4 days 4 hours
from Oyster Harbor.
Schr Olga. Johnson. 4S hour3 from Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 43 hours from Eu
reka.
Pchr Louis, Genberg, S days from Columbia
River.
Schr Lily, Eottger, « days fr^m L'mpqua,
CLEARED.
Saturday. July 23.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon. Panama; P M
S S Co.
Ship Falls cf Clyde. Nelson, Hilo; J D Sprec*
els & liros Ctx
Ship Fort George, Morse, Port Angeles;
Welcli & Co.
Br ship Lord Elgin, Sangster, Queenstown;
L Kauffman.
Schr i.'ompeer, Larsen. Pago Paso; J Wight
man Jr.
SAILED.
Saturday. July 23.
Stmr Colon. Mackinnon. l'anama.
Stmr iV H Krugrer. Krosr. Tillamoolt.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr AVhitesboro, Olscn. .
Stmr Santa Rcsa. Alexander. San Diego, etc.
Stmr Matteawan, Cro»cur>. Tacoma.
tier stmr Abydos. Carstens. Hamburg, etc.
Ship Falls of Clyde. Nelson. Hilo.
Ital ahtp Francesco Clampa. Caflero, Queena
town.
Pchr Rio Rey. Johns^. Fish Rock.
Schr O M KellnRg. Iversen. Eureka.
Schr Comreer. l^arsen. Pago Paso.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola. Grays Harbor.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Anderson, .
SPOKEN.
July «. lat S X. Ion 20 W-Br ship Errol, from
Vancouver, for Q-jeenstown.
July 12. lat 13 N. l>>n 2S W— Br ship Ancyra,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
EAST CLALLAM. July 2S— The stmr EstelU.
from San Francisco July 10. via Eureka, far
Seattle, went on the recks durinar thick, tog
last night but is resting easy at present.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ POINT LOFOS, July I*, in p m— Weather
• tassy: wind S\V. velocity 12 miles.
i DOMESTIC PORT:?.
El'REKA-Sailed July 2S-Stmr Empire, far
San Francisco.
Sailed July 23— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Del Norte. fcr San FranclsK"-^.
CASPAR— Sailed Ju'y 28— Stmr Luella, far
San Pe<!ro.
SOL'TH UEXD— Arrlve.1 July 2S-Pch- Melane
thon. hence July 12: schr Wm Olsen, hcnc»
July i. 1
PORT LOS ANGELES— Pa! lei July 2S— I?r
ihip Penthesitea. for Portland; stmr Alcazaf.
for £>?.»» FrancUco.
POKT TOWNSEND— ra.«sed July 23— Ship
Isaac Reed, hence July IA. for Seattle.
Arrived July M — Ger »hii> Ilrra, frim Hono
lulu; Haw ?hip Rulcutha, hence July 7,; schr
Manila, henco July I. for Port Gamt!«; ship S
D Carleton. hence July I.
HI'EXEMK-F'asawl July !<!. 3 p m— Stmr
IiOWENS LANDING-^-Sailed July 2S— Schr
Mary f;tt.i. for !»an Franciw.,.
CSAL— Sailed July 2*— Stmr C'.eone. for Saa
Francisco.
FORT BIUOG- Sailed July 2S— Stmm Xoyo
and Netloz^il City, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed cut
July 27 — Ger stmr Rosina. from Philadelphia,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
imOWHEAD-PaFyed July 27-Br ehlp Kell
anc»-. hence April 3. for vjueenstown.
. SYDNEY— Arrivwi prior to July 27— Br stmr
¦vi'arrimco, from Vancouver.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived July 27— Aua
eteir Siam. her.ee July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NETT YORK- Arrived July 2H— Stmr Mlnn*
nptlis, from London; stmr I'mbria, irom Liver
ptXil.
Sailed July JS— Stmr Palat!a, for Hamburg 1 .
v!a Cherbourg; stmr Minnehaha. for L»ir»don:
rt:nr ISer.ominee. for London: stnir Rottrri'.iim.
for Rotterdam, stmr Furnessla, for Glasgow;
stmr I.'jrnnl'T. for Llver*>oo!.
tlVERPOOlr-ArrtYtd July 2S— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
Sailed July 2S — Stmr Campania, for Xew
MAJl-Salled- Jury 22-Stmr Frederica. for
San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 2S— Stmr Argonla*
for New York.
HAVRE! — Sailed July 23 — Stmr La Touratne.
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 2S-Stmr New
York, for New Tork.
Shipping Intelligence.
TACOMA, July ¦ W.— WHEAT— Half a cent
hifiher and the market cloned firm; Blueitem,
tS!4c; Club, 5fiV4e. l»oth for export.
PORTLAND. July 28.— WHEAT— Quiet, with
but little felllnr; Walla Walla, C3@J6c; Valley,
65c; Bluestem, We. -
WASHINGTON-.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July 2S.
ances. $32,989.
-Clearings. $170,230; bal
Portland's Business.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s llUd; do old, 3s ll^d; futures, quiet; Sep
tembtr 3* lH«d; November, 4s %A.
FLOUR— St. J^ouls winter, dull, Ss.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL, July 2S. — HOPS — At London
(Pacific Coast), Heady, £2 15b@£3 I5d.
WHEAT— Spot. Bteady; No. 2 western winter,
6s 2d: Xo. 1 Northern spring, 6» 3d. No. 1 Cali
fornia 6s l'.id®6s 2d; futures, steady; July,
nominal; September. 6s lVtd; December. 6s 2Vd.
LONDON, July 23.— Consols. 97%; silver,
2^ 7-16d; French Rentes. S9f 95c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firmer tendency; English country
marketB, quiet.
LIVERPOOL., July 2S.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California. 8s 2dg6s 2Vid: wheat In
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, Bteady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 25-32d.
Foreign Markets
' NEW YORK, July 28.— The market for cotton
futures opened qu!et and easy, with prices 5 to
6 points lower, and displayed a feeble undertone
throughout the day. The market closed quiet,
with prices net 5 to 7 points lower.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 28.— The exports of 'gold
and silver from all ports thlB week aggregated
$S3$,4£5 silver bars and coin and I10.SC0 sold.
The Imports were $13. COS gold and $34,S3Q silver.
The imports of dry goodg and merchandise
were valued at $3,478,500.
Nczv York Money , Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 25,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4 15@4 50; fair
to choice mixed. $3 25@4 10; Western sheep, 54
igf 45; Texas sheep. $3#4; native lambs, J« 40©
6; Western lambs, $3@6.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10,000: Monday,
27,000, estimated; left over, 3000. Active, mostly
10c higher; top, $5 42%; mixed and butchers,
$5 15ft5 40; good to choice heavy, $5 25<5T5 42>4;
rouRh heavy, $5®5 12ft; light. $5 20®o 40; bufk
of sales, J5 25@5 35.
CHICAGO. July 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,/ 100;
nominally steady. Natives— Good to prime
steers, $5 1SS55 85; poor to medium, $4 5005 10;
selected feeders, steady, J45?4 65: mixed mock
er*. Wtiii SO; cows, J3ig4 70; heifers, $3 26<8>fi 15;
canrers, $2 25@2 90; bulls, $2 90414 60; calves,
15 Will. Texans— Texas fed BteerR. H 40^5 15;
Texns jrrass steers, $3 35rti4 25; Texas bull?,
(4 t.Ud5 50. •
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— " Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 Hi 6 2*»
Closing 6 1% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— - July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening -?T 19 75 20 99
Closing 19 SO 20 S3 .
Flov.r—
Opening .' 25 SO 27 30
Closing 25 80 27 3i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
Bank Clearings.
Loc&I bar.k de»rJn«r« !ast »«k trer# T16.C20.
7E1, egalr^t j:''.?C6.~;6 fcr the same week last
year.
Wheat Shipment.
Th* British *V-!p L/:rJ Elgin cleared yester
day for QueensJown fcr orders with M£2t ctls
"Wheat \&lut-l r.t f ' ¦ .•"• -• ar.d 15.C<» ft lumber
«5a=Eage valued at EZS. Total value JDS.rTi.
Merchandise for Samoa.
The ecaooser Ccncpeer dearefl yesterdav fcr
. Pagro I-api, with a g^r^ral cargo valued at
sr« isz. Includlnc the t ::¦*¦¦ ing:
2C3 rk^ machinery. 153.0C0 feet lumber. 206 cs
oil, i bfc! tallow, ;r. cr furniture, 100 tons.
eoa\. 4i kecs naile and spikes, 1C7 ce hard
¦ vstre. 19 jkr Bte»L «S bdl spUXK, 4 cs drugs.
I S» cs lamp e<:>o-lf, ' cs uia.s5ware, S pkg P'pe.
£.' a rr.ill stuffs. S£t cs canned poods. 212 cb
crrceries and provision*. % bbl beer, 2*1 kej^s
lea.-i. E2 Bks Fujrar. Ij cs w:ne. 12 cs coSee and
<; • : •'! dour, TO mats Kce, 26 bdl
chatn, KJ ;-'fg Iron, 3 c* arms. Z't k*"cs bolts,
Ji ;k*r dried rruit, 63 cs soap. 14 coils rope.
; . ,iku:r., 12 bbl tar. 5 cs dry goods.
Merchandise for Central America.
FteamT C<Irn mailed yesterday for New
Ti^rk via Panama with a jrcncral careo valued
«.t IUS.I2X exr.lnrfve of some In transit, man
ii ff-'ti as fcilowi:
For M;.:. . for Central America,
SS.VAi :or .N>iv York. |:07.S03. Among the
j::t:-ipal shipments were the following:
For il^-xlc.— r.L'n gal wine, 20 cs paste. 90 ca
Jrjlt. 10 bbl ftour. i;,c:i :t ".umber. 29 cs li
quor*. It', lit, TT, "O/.3. 13 cs cru^s. 149 bbl tai
low. si»-j n> quicksilver. 10 ikg railroad ma
terin!. 60 \<kg croceriea and provisions, 12S pkg
irachlflery. *C8 pks hardware, il kegs nails,
12 Ml Iron, ij kesa Ix-jHf. ts bdl pipe.
: - ' ¦ r.-.riLi A:r,nric;t— 1'^3 mats rice, S447 ral
C2 cs w ;:i^. 24 bbl Ja.r. 11 tens coal, 32 j.kg
machinery. 174 s-ks potatoes. 7 bbl, S cs whii
ky, 123 pkg croeertei ar.'. provisions, bes do'
BOOOs. 7 cs canned fc>xxir, 2075 fcbl flour, 125 bbl
c-eiTier.r. 7". re<!a wire. 109 t.bl tallow. 5 rolls
leather. C2 bhl beer. 6 drums, 2S cs coaloil. 11
ca pairt. 2? cs hardware, si sks malt. 14.€Co
i St lumber, I"' ibi oii. 1« fk« tarley. 10C0 rail- I
I road iUs. S tens coal. In transii: 74 cs silk, i
f 4~'< rr-8.1* rirv.
V t New r«rfc— 1I7.C6J eal wine. 3 bdl hemp, j
4 Ml rexs. ".' e* dry goodK, K, cs canned goods,
ll'i i-l.? '.<::;••. Zl is c'.j", iZi baics wool.
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
Tt.f Eoenica line's Fteamer Abydos sailed yes- i
terday tor Hajnburg and way ports with a I
cargo valued at PC.000. exduslVB of some In i
transit, manitested as follows:
For Central America. J]5.4<"7: for South Amer
ica, y^.l' : for Germany. $45^1: for Mexico.
Vfiti. In t-sr.i-it for Mexico. J4T0. The foliow
ir.jt w*re tb* rnnripa'. ehipments:
••..«,: Am«rii-a— lliu cs dynamite, S cs
cap* and fuse. «<) bbl tallow. 12 cs whisky. 6
tank? £a*o!ine, Si j.kg *h!ng!' i s, 22C2 Lbl flour,
13 bdi r«T>er, 3 rn drugs.
• >r South America— *4!> ceils rope. 275 cs sal
mon, 4^ cs canned c or «1s, 170 cs llfjuor*. 10 ]
<» arbisky. 2S.!21 cd wheat. 23 c? <Iruc». 15 ca |
jaln. Jit Ml rofiCng. S rx cheese, f"vr bbl flour, j
;o < f scap, cs mill stuffs. 40 Bks potatoes.
> c S 5i.:cp«. 4*. rk« oil. 3 rolls leather. 237.M0
;»«?t lumlwr, 45 pkif tea, 73 ptq? groceries and
prariMtotm. 5 bbl 17 a br<»ad. 22C2 gal 9 cs j
wine, 31 pkg dried fruit. 8 cs candles, 25 bbl
tallow, f.130 railroad eieeper*.
For Ccr.Tany-73 FkP shells. 7 bales hides,
t talr-« horsehair, 1C1 tbl tallow. ]4S gal win».
For Mexico — l«J0 cs dynamite, 5 cs ca_ps and |
fu*e. Zi, i-k.K sroetrtea and provisions, 5 pkg I
r;-.lcey. In transit: 40 rolls matting, 11 pkg tea,
S3 jjkg Sre crackers.
1 sapped off to the low point of the morning.
; The closiac was heavy.
: A recovery in sterling exchange In Paris
• to t^e hich pnint of the week and a Fharp rise
! In Iierlin discounts were the features of the
j day bearing on the question of gold exports
, this week.
I The bull Interest In the Ftock market dem
nnstrate<l to their own satisfaction early in
j the week that their carr.;ialKT. while easily
I fuecepsful in advancing prices, was entirely
abortive in inviting any outside demnnd for
j Fti^cke. It was easy to bid up prices, as there
i was no larire selling of stocks, but there was
I practically no demand outside of that from
the professionals themselves. When they at-
I temj..trd to sell to realize any profit prices
1 quickly brcl-.e back to where the professional
! buying had started them. The decline was
; even easier than the advance, the buying by
I shorts who wfre forced to cover on the ad
venee txMng no longer an element.
The inertness of the market on any rally
shews that the bears have but scant short
linjs. With their short interest lessoned and
with the U,ng Interest which has l>evn unable
to secure profits increased, the technical condi
tion o? the market is distinctly weakened.
Since the professional attempt to advance prices
has been al *ndoned they have settled back
to a lower ievel on a diminishing scale of ac
tivity which has iirogressed near to stagna
tion. Only those stocks amen; the special
ties which havn been influenced by inri • idual
causes have shown any considerable signs of
life. The prowins coortction that a period or
money stringency i s not improbable has been
the potent influence in checking speculation for
a rise. The prevailing ease of call loans is
really a rejection of this uneasiness over the
money outlook and shows the desire of lenders
to kept) their funds in readily accessible form,
rather than a suT>erabunilnnce of Idle capi
tal. It is evident that the si>eculatlve holdings
1 of rtrK-ks in New York are at present at a
very low ebb. as the bears have failed with
1 related trials to offerings by raid
! ing dnv.n prices. The fame most be true, of
i ccnmojitles of all kinds, as the lengthening
i iterif^l of reaction in prices hns undoubtedly
! led to Reneral liquidation of speculative hold
i inps. so that prices may be said to be a nor
[ mnl index of actual supply ar.d demand. Thepe
I condttions induce a comf^rtaMe assurance of
! the soundness cf the situation nr.d account for
' th^ hardness of thf securities' market nrvl tho
firmness with which stocks arc heM. The well
recognized law that commercial criF's come
with sudden contraction of credits which have
irone to the sj*culp.tive Inflation of prices Is ;
pretty clearly seen not tn apply to the present ',
situation. The conservative purpose to avnl.l 1
weekeninjr tho flf-aticn Is seon In the deter- :
mined unwillingness of th<» public to- embark j
In speculation In Ftorlrs. Ther«» arc nnt lack
intr elements of uncertainty In the domestic '
situation, such as the still unmatured crops, ;
net earnings of railrjads and th? Presidcrtlal !
cajr.iaijrn. But the seat of greatest uncertainty 1
has shifted for the present to China, nven '
within Its present scope the trouble thpre in- '
surcs sufficient dei..and upon the world's
money market for war loans to materially af- !
feet their resources. The policj- inaugurated ;
by th» P.ank of Kngland last week of raising
Ita discount rate and lifting the nutside dis- |
count rete to its level by borrowing from the >
market has h»pn effective !ri turning the In- i
tern^tional exchange of th* world In favor 1
of Iy-indon. The Paris rate for sterling has I
reacted the latter part of tho week, caus- !
lnsr COBM renewed question whether Raid from '
New York will go next to Paris or I^ndon. 1
Rut that a larpe demand for gold remains to bp
satisfied, and that lt Is mostly met by rupplieo
in the United States because they are most
abundant and most easily shared. Is the con- i
vlrtlon of the financial world. Speculation I
halts to distinguish the effects cf this opera- :
tion.
The dullness of the Bond market gave evl- !
dence cf the present condition of capital. The ]
usual reinvestment of July dividends ar.d In- !
terest. although the largest amount was dls- ;
burred this year in the country's history, has \
been entirely lackinp in the Bond market. Lon- !
den and I'erlin are reported heavy sellers of)
high grade American railroad bonds, but no i
puch transactions have been recorded en the !
Stock Exchange.
United States refunding 2b when Issued, 3*. i
old 4s and Cs advanced J i in the bid price.
NEW YOUK STOCK LIST.
Shp.res Closing 1
Sold. Etcck— Bid.
3.7iX» Atchlson 2CH ¦
3,. r .2. r » Atehlson prefd Ci
650 Baltimore & Ohio 74V4
Canadian Pacific g7>4 !
Canada Southern 4S',i
J00 Chesapeake & Ohio 2S~4
1(V) Chicago Great Western 11 *
3.1W Chicago, P>urllngton & Quincy 126% ¦
(rhlcajfo. Indianapolis & Louisville. 22 ,
Chlcaro Indiana & Louisville o:d. i3 j
<'hicago & Eastern Illinois 95
22) Chicago & Northwestern 158
1.C10 Chicago Ro<k Island & Pacific... ICfiVi |
<; C C 4 St Louis S9 {
Colorado Southern 6 1
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 414 !
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16 j
Ijelaware /t Hudson Ill i
Dc!awa.re I^acka wanna & %Vestern.l77 1 ,4 j
l>tr.ver & Kio Grande 17V4 '
Ivenver &. Rio Grande prefd C6H
Erie 10% j
Krie 1st prefd Z2\
242 Grt-nt Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 14
Hofkinif Valley 34
4.500 Illinoie Central llft'i :
Iowa Central 20 |
Io»« Central prefd 47 j
Kansas City Pittsburgh & Gulf 16
Lake Trie & Western 26
Lake Erie & Weft-rn prefd 90
LaJce Shore 210
err. I^cuisvllle & Nashville 70T, |
120 Manhattan L 50% j
'.«¦:, Metropolitan f-'tre^t Hallway iJCVj
Mexican Central 12^ !
200 Mlnneaj>olis & St Ij'.uis i6 |
MinneapollK & Kt. Louis pr^rd 93 j
O'tO Mlffiuri Pacific GOX '
Mobile & Ohio 3S j
Missouri Kansas & Texas M
100 Missouri Kaiisa- & Texan prefd 30^ |
N<"w Jersey Central 12*SZi j
3.-.0 New York O-ntral 12**
Norfolk & Western 33
Norfolk A Western prefd 7«
1.300 Northern Pacific E0% J
Northern Pacific prefd 7!U '
2')0 Ontario & Wcftern 20i^ j
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42 i
CireR-on Ttailway & Navigation pfd. Tfi j
C« Pennsylvania 12S% |
200 Ileadlr.R is»; I
&W Reading !«t prtfd 53^ I
Heading !d prefd 2 s i 1 i i
rtlo Grande Western BU j
I!io Crand-? W«t»ni prefd So
St. I^ouis Ar ?in FYanci!>oo 9*, '
; st LocU A- fian Fnncitco 1st pffl.,67 !
CTO Ft LouIf ft Kan Francisco 2d prefd. ' S2Ti '
... Ht I>-.uis Southwestern 10
400 Pt I^'.ufs South-n-tFtern prefd 2<l
1 CTO ft Paul im4
Pt I'aui prefd 170H
[ .-Ji Paul & Omaha., \\n !
400 Southern Pacific 2314
, Snuthf-rn Railway iot^
2<y) s^utfcern Railway prefd J2
200 Texa* A Pncific 14%
I 3;o rnl»n Pacific r,iH i
737 t'nlon Pacific p«efd 7T,\
W»!;»rh fiTj, j
Wal>8»h prefd jgu
1M Wln-f>llr.g & Iinke Erie .; S T^ !
inn Whaling & Like Erie 2d prefd.... 23^ !
100 'vl'lscrnsin Central 14
. Third Avfm'd no
IC.xnrem Comnnrtle* — - . t
.. Adnns ,...123
... American : 1."."! I
I-n!te<3 Ktat"s 4S
¦\Velts Knr*TO 122 I
Ml-cellan-mis—
American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd 8SH
':'..... American Malting , 3'i
American Maltlns prefd ......i.. IOV4
Arrr"»-'can Pmelt'n«r fy Refinlna: 37'4
.' Am FnHtine .<- rtefinlng prefd S7% '
...... American Splrlti ,.,14
American Spirits prefd 17 I i
Sun rise3 .Vl>
Sun yets ~'-l
Moon sets S:37 p. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tide* are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day !n the order of occurrence as tr» time. Th*
second time column gives the second tld« of
the day, the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column elws th.»
last t1d» of the day. except when th»r« arc bnt
thr«* tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
*lv»n blt- tn addition to the soundings on th<»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
wher a minus sitrn (—) precedes the height,
and then the number siren !s subtracted from
tbf depth itl-ren by the charts. Th» plane of
rffi^.no Is the m»H-' o» t^» 1nw-r t-.w w^*«"~»
L'nltfd States Ccast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of RUcta ami Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the • city front t Mission-street whart) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same a toth places.
SUNDAY. JULY 29.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange as before.
Wheat dull and easy for future delivery.
Barley and Oats extremely firm.
Com closely held, but quiet. Rye dull.
Hay still weak under heavy receipts.
Beans and Seeds unchanged and inactive.
Good shipping demand for Potatoes on the river.
Onions and Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry dull at unchanged prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Large purchases of Fruit in the interior.
Brisk demand for Melons.
Dried Fruits steady, Kith a fair demand.
Nothing nczv in Provisions.
Wool showing rather more tone in the East.
Xo change in the local Meat market.
Fair trading in local securities.
Local bank clearings show a loss for the Zi'eek.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
American Steel Hoop... . 1914
¦"lVn - Amer *can Tobacco prefd 12s
l-ft-n na «>nda Mininp Co.... 4k
J..0-0 Brooklyn Kapid Transit.. V.V.V.V.V.".".: 5S\
""m olc i l : ad0 Fuel & Iron 33\
,w £ ont "ental Tobacco ............. 25^
« Federal Steel i^;£::::vZ\\\\"\: 63*
1°° Genrral Electric rsu
Glucose Surar • £¦>
::::::. in^^tSnai r p^ ::::::::::::::::::: i
SfJi ona i Bis cuit "%".'.-*".*%"*;! 30^
I a ™a Biscuit prefd S3
National I>ead 13
! National Lead prefd ¦••-••• •
; ""V^ Steel "¦' »iu
IOC National Steel prefd """ h\
! S*!IJ r ? rk Air Brake "130
; -North American »^
I Pacific Coan r.3
' Pacific Coast 1st pftfd. ...'.'. V.'.V.V. '.*.'.'! 84
IS* Saif 1 . ' d .^ efd
! 230 People's Gas .. '"" ft
Pressed Stee! Car ' '"" \\
¦¦¦¦•¦ rrps^ed Steel Car prefd '..'.'.".'.'."! 71
400 Pullman Palace Car 1S3
¦«'.Vi.V Standard Hope & Twine ".'..'.'.'.".'." .1
3».CS6 Supar l"!'-.
Pujrar prpfd ......*..'..".*.'." 116 "
l~ Tenne " soe CnaI & Iron •'.'- 704
C20 T_nited Ptatop Leather ioh
240 I nited Ptates Leather prefd 6SV»
United States Rubber 24 "
United States Rubber prefa 92U
western Union 79%
2C0 ReDUhlic Iron & Steel Co '" il*i
' Herublic Iron & Steel Co prefd ." 53 u
I P C C & St Louis 33
j SS.9C0 .Shcros Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2% when Is- M K & T 2ds.... 63
sued re^ 104'i ¦ Do 4s . 91
I Do coupon 1044. N Y Cent lsts '.m
I ]i ? p reg KK) |N J Cent gen fa."..122
I }, « i s Tes IC^i, Northern Pac 3s... 6CU
j I B !.i coup 1101*1 r) O 4s ]O4 i7
j U S new 4s reg 13^ H N V C«aL 4s. .107
I I S new 4s coup...l3.^j,;N & W con 4s 37^
; U 8 oKi 4? re? ll.">*;Or Nav lsts 109 ;¦
j I F o!3 4s coup....lUi\! Do 4s .. in"*.
; V S 5s res 113% Or Short Une r 6»Hl2S%
! l S 5s coup l\i\l Dr> con 5s ill
I DIk of Col 3.65s.. ..113 Readir.K Gen 4s..\. 67%
; Atchipon pen 4s — 10114 II G W lsts 98%
Do adj 4s SC), Pt L & 1 M con 5s. 110 "
, Canr.da Sou 2ds I07H Pt L i- S F gci. 6s. 122
Ches & Ohio 4%s... 95% Pt Paul con I6«'i
i r ' s 116-, 4 St P C & P latS.Vtlltti
i C & N con 7s 141 u 2 : Do Ss us«
Do S F Deb 5s... I2i">«; Southern Pac 4s... 79K
Chic Term 4s 92',. Southern Ry 5-\...10S%t
Colorado Sou is.... S4>- ?taml R & X 6s.... 7 1 ",
D f: R a lsts 102 Tex £ Pac Ists....li2
r>o 4s jt?4 i Dj 2ds 3.%
Erie Gen 4s r,0 'Union Pac is 10M1
F W f: D C Its.... TlVM'aba'n Jsts lir.s,
Gene:-al Elec As 117 ' Do 2ds ]d3\
Ioa Cent UU 113 i West Shore 4s Hi
K C P & G lsts.... 71-i' Witt Cent 1st? &7Tj!
L & N I'ni 4s SS ! i Va Centuries S9> 4
MINING STOCKS
Chollar 1A. Ontario C6
Crown Point V> Ophir 62
Con <'al & Va 1 :!j Plymouth 10
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 150
Oould it Curry IS Do prcfrl 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. IS Sierra Nevada ti.
liomestake 50 <"¦ Standard 4 00
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 17
Mexican 1 23 Yellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS. AND BONDS.
Mone,-— iVnion Pac; y.%
Call inan* 2H$73,W>st End !Z\*
Time loans 3 l -.7j4 L »i Bonds^ —
Stocks— JAtchison 4s 100
Atch Tc;i i- s F...I3 •¦ Mining Shares-
Do preM tuft Adventure 2
Amerl Sugar 1?4»« : Allouez M:i K Co... 1
HoFton & Albany. .250 Amal Copper
Boston Elevated ..lli'j Atlantic i\
Boston £ Malne:r.lR9 Boston i >Innt....2!«S
Chi Bur & Q 12« 8 i Hutte & B.wton (S
Dom Coal 3S'-. Calumet & ile-la..745
Do pref.l Hi r.ntennlal 10
Federal Steel 3314 Franklin 1«
I>o prefd G3 IIupmboMt 23
Fitchburs prefil ...135 flsceola ("•¦"•^i
Genera! Klec i^SU Parrot 41
Do preai US 7 , Quincy 133
Mexican Cent 12 Pant* i r e Coppir.. 4''.
Mich Tele S'> JTamaracic IW. "
N E Gas & Colo*.: 16 Utah MITn.; 17*4
Old Colony 205 Winona V 2
Old Dominion '.su Wolevrinjs ., Z^j
Rubber 2Z\'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograpalc Office, t". S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
July 2S, 1000.
The time ball on the tower of the new Kerry
building was droRj>«l at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. in., Greenwich, time.
C. O. CALKIN3.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Gas & Electric continued the active stock on
the Bond Exchange and declined from $54 00!j
to jr.3 C0*». Alaska Packers' was also weaker
at (116%.
There were a few sales of oil stocks.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. July 2S— 12 m.
B.u.ask.i Uid.Ask.
V B Bonds— Eqult G L Co. i\ 4
4s quar ccup..H3\U6»4 iiutuaJ El Co. :<^, 11
4s <lo reg 115*»116V,!O G L & H.... i>\ 50
4s do c.< new.l*.»S,U4Vi : Pac Gas Imp.. M>^ 51
3s quar coup. .110^111 i P»c L Co 44^ —
Miscellaneous— |*»««" r.IUftPCo. Zl-t —
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll«H — iSFGiE.... S3Vi 33H
C C Water 5s.lO6\4 — |San Kranci»cu. a 5-jj
Ed L & P 6».12J — Stkn G & E Co lt> —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .115 — Insurance—
Gear>-st R 0s. — 99 Firem's Fund.226 230
H C M S S'rss. — — Bank StocKS—
Do 5s 101 — ;AngIo-Ca] Ltd. $6 70
L A Ry 5s....HM'.jlO5H : Bank of Cal..4lu 412
1^ A Lt Co Us. — — M'al £3 l> it T..104 Iu5
Do gntd «s.. — — First Natlonl. — 273
L A icntd 5s. ..100 — JLon P & A IS4 l 4 —
L A P R R 5s. — 101«i i Merchants' Ex 15 —
Alarket-ct 6s... — 12SH Nev Nat Bk... — —
Do 1st M 5s. US 1 ; — Savings Banks—
N C Mi U i». - — Ger S & L....1S30 —
N It of Cal Ca.llS — Hum S & L... — —
Docs 117%— Mut Sav Uk.. 45 —
N P C K It 63.1UL — IS F Sav U...503 —
Do 5s 103 — |Sav & L So... 74 73
N Cal Ry «s..imi — I Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak G L&ms.lV'H — Union T Co — —
Oak Tran 8s. .113 113'.-... Street Railroads—
Oak W 0 5s.. — iu4 (California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co. 103 105U Geary-st M —
Om C Ry 6s. .12.,* — Market-st 63'i —
P & Cl Ry 6s.llM}» — w & L. jc H — —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — jPresidio — 224
Poweii-st R Ss.ljo — Powder Stocks—
Pac El C.&nz*. 97»41(V> Irniifomia ...1", i«»i4
S F & SJV5s.llS» 4 120 i Giant Con Co.. S7H 8SVi
S H or fal (is.Hi p.iu Vlgorit 3*i 3Vj
5 P of A 6s.. .111 111U| >uur .<r<y>k»—
6 k' u 6s(l!wi>.ji):» 112 ! Kana S P Co. 8 S'i
Do (1S"K) ....112 112\! Haw «. & S to *. U. — '
Do (1912) 113 — i Honckaa S Co Zl\ 31%
FPKClst gntSs. — — I Hutch S P Co 25 —
.« P nr 6s 112 - Kllauea S PCo lStf :0
S V Water 6».U5H — ! Makawell S Co 45 —
Do 4s lU3!ilO4U j Onomea S Co. 26^4 2S
Uo ;d mte..H'Z — ! Paauhau S Co. 30^ 31
Stocktn Gas 6s 99'i — M*"=celiane<iu?—
Water Storks- (Al Pack Assn.ll6\llg
Contra Costa.. 63 6S&;Cal Fruit A»n — rt
Martn C^untv. »•• - ¦ Mer Kx *7 iito
Spring Valley. 9«U 95 I Oceanic S Co. S2V4 93
Gas & Electric— Pac A K a.... t —
Cent G & L Co — — f Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent L & P Co 4U 314, Par Patnt Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Hoard —
33 Alaska Packers' Association 118 73
10 Centra Costa Water BS 12li
1 Giant Powder Con gs 50
65 HoriOkaa 31 50
10 Oakland Gas t» 87'i
5 Pacific Gas Imp, cash ;o 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp..." ;o CO
SO S F Gas & Electric Co f.4 TO !
CO S F Gas & El?ctric Co. b 10 54 0O i
10O 8 V Oas * Klectric Co 54 00 I
5 S F Gas & Electric Co M 87Vi
2j S F Gas & Electric Co 53 73
J.0 S F Orb ,t Klectric Co 53 fU>
11 S F Gas <fc El?ctr!c Co S3 37Vi
50 Spring Valley Water, s 10 94 CO
1 Spring Valley AVater H 00
J100«) S P Of A bonds 1H 23
£0 Vigcrit Powder 3 37V&
PnODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
7 Board
100 Home Oil 4 70.
200 American Fuel 34
."CO American F~uel 33
10W Independence 16
S Oil City Petroleum 16 S7H
MINING STOCKS.
Th«» followlner w«re the yalen In the Pan Fran
clseo Stock and ExrhanT DoarJ yesterday:
Mornlrr Sp?«lnn.
SOO rtfst & Belcher. 2»' ICO Occidental 07
ICO Con Cal & Va.l W<
The followlnj; were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yestenlny:
Mornln~ Semton.
200 n?'cher 1.11 800 Mexican l«
l£00Chc'.lar/. 1J 500 Overman C<?
400 Chollar 13* 20t"» Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Con Cal A V.I «H| 200 Sliver Hill r~i
SCO Gould & Curry 221 300 SUver Hill H
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 28—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I N Eld. Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justice 0$ 09
Alta ;(! 07|Kentuck — ct
Andes 04 WLady Wash .... C2 C3
Relcher IS HjMexican 16 17
Ue«t & Belcher 20 21 [Occidental P« 07
Hulllon r2 MiOphir 6« 67
Caledonia 73 7" 1 Overman 07 cs
Chollar •••• U lSjPctosl 1; u
Challenire ...\. 13 15|SavaKe 11 12
Confidenco 65 70 (Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 50 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial.. — 01 Flerra Nevada. 25 28
Con New York — OS (Silver Hill IZ 56
Eureka Con.... — 60 St Louis — ~ IS
CrOwn Point ... 12 13 Standard 4 20 4 5iO
Exchaquer .... — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Oould & Curry tl 22 Utah M 09
Hale & Norcrs 20 22 Union Con ij 20
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
The market continues steady, with a fair de
mand for new fruits.
UKIED FtlC11>— Old Crop— Prunes, nominal
—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, 5»^j6c; ji - un
drled, S@4c per lb: Black Vlr,s. lfc©2c; White
Fig». 163c: Bleached Plums. 7'4c; Unbleached
Plum*. 6c for pltfi P"d **t» for nn<^ltt(»<1.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6f?7>,4o for Royals and
SUtftOVic for aroorparks; Evaporated Apples
6c: Peaches, »®&'4c; Pears, aiff 7»,4c ; Plirfns, pit
ted, E©6c. x
KAlblNS — Bleached Thompson's fancy. per
tt>, 10c; choice. 9c: stand-ird. «c; prime. Vie; un
bleached Thompson's, per 1T>, Cc. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb; >V4c: choice. 7Vsc; standard. 6'4c
prime. 6c: unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless.
£0-n> boxen, 6c; 2-crowp, loesa Mt-.scatels. 5Vip-
S-crown, tKc: 4-crowff. 7c; London Layers. ";.
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 €0. Fancy
Ousters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, $3. AH
prices art f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Walnuts, 8©10e for Standard* and 9
0Uc fpr soltshells; new Almonds, HV4«l2!ic
for pap«r «h«U, »Vi<J10Ho'fpr »oft and S®7c for
hardshell. Peanut*. 6@6&c for Eastern and
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
There has probably been more buylftg of
fruit In the Interior this year than ever before.
Thl«i Is shown by the quality of stock arriv
ing every day. Good fruit has Iwrtn more or
less scarce ever since the season opened, though
there has been plenty of second and'vff grade
ttock. The reason for this Is that buyers have
taken up the good fruit at the orchards. This
condition la marked at the moment, most of the"
fruit comlni here being poor. Peaches, and
Pears especially. The crops, too, are not as
heavy as predicted In the fore part of the eea
son.
Watermelons are unsually active this year,
EellinK off first rate. The other melons, too,
maintain good prices, with a steady demand.
Figs continue scarce and high, and White,
In cherry drawers, sold at 2r><j3ie yesterday.
Grapes are in fair supply.
Lemons and Limes continue scarce, the lat
ter especially.
Berries sold off well, being In moderate sup
ply and arriving on. time.
DECIDUOUS FHL'ITS—
APRICOTS— SRiff^c per box and crate; and
$10625 rer ton to the canners.
APPLES— 25<&4Cc lier tux Tor common and
50c®$l for good to choice; Crabapple9, 23@40c
PEARS— Bartletts, 20gCCc In boxva and ?15@
20 rer ton In bulk.
PLUMS— 20j?i0c per box and crate and 20fi'3oc
per bagwet: In bulk. $10<f»15 per ton; Prune* 23
S'SOc per crate and 2i®40c per basket; Egg
Plums, $10<6fl5 per ton.
STRAWBKRHlES-$2 50<fi3 HO per chc.«t for
large f.nd J3#r> for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4(R7 per chest.
nLACKlini!niE. u -«2fl4 per chest.
LOGAN BKRRIES— $;M6 rer chest.
CURRANTS— $1 i"0fi3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIE8-6@7c per lb.
FIOS — Per box. 50c for single and $1 for
double layer*. Hardly any coming in.
NECTARINES— White, 3J0WC per box; red,
50<ft'75e.
PEACHES— 40<2«0c per box and SOg.'Oc per
basket: in carriers, 63iJTS3c: In bulk, tlW-2 30
per ton for freestone and $22 5O^2f. for 'clings;
Sawyer's Sepdllngs, "5c per bosket.
GRAPES— Fontainebleaii. 25flJ65c per crat«;
Muscats, II per crate: Seedless. Sl«l 25 per
crate; Sweetwater, 15©63c; black. e."l?{l; To
kay. .
MELONS— Nutmegs. - .5^$1 2.-, r er case; Can
taloupes, $1 &093 per crate; Waterattoiur, $S^20
per 1(0.
OitUTS FKCITS— Valencia-. Il HCO2: Le m .
to choice; Mexican Limes, nnminnl at >6: Ra
nanas, $1 2^2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®
3 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
The week closed on an unchanged market.
Butter and Eggs ruled firm, and Cheese weak,
with larjre and Increasing stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21Vi@22c; seconds,
20®2lc.
i-/airy— Fancy, lSVifflSc; good to choice, l'Q
Uc; common. 15®16c.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20a
Firkin— IS© 20c.
CHKh'Sb — .sew, S@9c; Young America, W&
10r: Kxstern. \iU,Sli*U-r: Western Kvg^c per lh.
EGGS— Quoted at 14S17Hc for store and 19§21:c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14V» ( SlSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTKY— Live Turkeys, 9@Uc for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 23<gl 50;
Goslings. $1 25B1 50: Ducks. $3<84 for old and
$39* for young; Hens. $3(g'6; Young Roosters,
$4©6; Old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $3©
3 £0; Broilers, $2 50<S3 for large and $1 50^2 for
small; Plg?ons, $1 30@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50(&l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, 50<g60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 &0; Brush Rabbits, 75c@$l; Hare.
$125.
Poultry continues dull, with some stock left
on hand at the close.
Poultry and Game,
Potatoes and Onions rtand about the same,
barring a further decline In Sweets, which
are quiet. There is an active shipping move
ment In Potatoes on the River for points out
side the State. Vegetables continue plentiful.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Ro«e. 25ig30c: Burba nks, 25i6«0e for Rivers and
«@90c per ctl for Salinas; Sweet?, 2g2VaC per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow. S.-k>©J1 per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Gretn Corn. SOctfiJl per sack.
$1©1 25 per crate for Berkeley and $lfil 50 for
Alamcda; Asparagus is about out: Green Peas
4£5c per lb: Ptrin? Bean?. l@3c: Limas. 3 ( S4e;
Cabbage, 4C'g&0c; Tomatoes, Rivers, 2o<£i3-;c;
Bay, 60©75c: Esg Plant, COQToc p»r box; Green
Okra, $1©1 23; Green Peppers, 25 1 ff40c per box
for Chill and 40£65c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S
©10c; Carrots. 25@35c per sack: Summer
Squash, 3-S@4Oc for Alameda: Cucumbers, 25®
35c for Alameda; Pickles, 35S75c; Garlic. 2&3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12gl5 per ton.
The situation remains unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 85@2 75; Small White. $3 33
63 40; large White. $2 C0@2 75; Pink, $2^2 S3;
Red. $3 25g3 50; Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. $5 30'3
5 40: Pea. nominal: Red Kidneys. $»3'4 DO.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, Jl 90®2 20; Canary. 3Vjc per
;b ,for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2H©3c; Hemp. 4©4^c; Timo
thy, 4«74 1 rie.
PRIKD PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 25@
2 jO per ctl; Blackeye, J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $18 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®27; Jobbing, $27 60
@28; Cocoanut Cake. $20021: Corn Meal. $21 50-
Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed. J14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50^6 50; Wheat. $10(g'--
Wheat and Oat, 19 JO'f 11 :0; Oat. $S<g-10; Clover'
$4fi6; Alfalfa, $6{£7 50; Barley. *<i jugs 50 p er
ten.
STRAW— 25@40c per bale.
With continued large receipts the Hay mar
ket continues weak, but as pretty much all the
rraln Hay In the State Is owned by the San
Francisco dealers it makes very little differ
ence to the average farmer whether the mar
ket Is weak or firm. Buyers are comolalnlnr
of the creat difficulty In procuring supplies in
the country, and It Is a difficulty which will
probably increase from now on. Volunteer
Hay continues cheap.
Receipts of Hay are running very large again
and ths market Is weak at the decline.
BHAS- SI- 3OQ13 50 per ton.
M1DDLIXGS— S17f?2O per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s
MILLSTT-FFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
$3 per 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75; extra creani
Co *3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 50®3 75-
Biickwheat Flour, t\& 1 25; Cracked Wheat.'
$3 50- Farina, $160: Whole Wheat Flour K ->y
Rolled Oats (barrels), $C®7 25; In sacks. $5*75
@7; Pearl Barley, »5; feplit Peas, (i ; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lb*.
FLOITR— California Family Kxtras. $3 60®3 75
usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75ff3 30 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15^3 &0 for bakers 1 ; Eastern, $4 75@
5 75 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— Local stocks are pretty much held by
one holder who asks about what he pleases.
The demand, however, is not brisk. Larsre
Yellow. II laffl 20 per ctl; White, ?l 15(gl 20 per
ctl; small round yellow, Jl 50.
RYE— 90@93*ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
White. $1 leifil So; Surprise. $1 K#l 40: Red.
$110(gl22H: Gray, $1 lCgl 20; Black. ?1 07^'S
1 22H per ctl; off prades of all kinds, $lf l 07^.
OATS — The market Is extremely firm, and
quotations are still pointing upward. The de
mand Is brisk, stocks are light and the North
ern crop 13 reported under th« average. Gov
ernment drafts on local stocks will probably
continue for some time to com».
Informal Session— December— 2000 ctls, 77c
2000, 77Hc; 10.000. 77V4c: JOOO. 77»ic.
Second Session — December— 2006 ctls. 77%c
2000. 77Vic
Regular Morning Session— December— 1000 ctls
M%C.
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed. 73c for No. 1 and 67Vi'ff72V4c for oft
irrades; Brewing and shipping; grades, 77V4@
S2Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
BAJRLEY— The market Is steadily Improving
and U now firm with a decided upward ten
dency. At the close holders were asking 77iic
for Feed, though there were no buyers at this
figure. Futuies are also showing more activ
ity.
Reeond Seeslon— December— 14,000 ctls, $1 12%;
6000, $1 12T4.
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
Ctls, $1 13; 12,000, $1 12%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 15.400 11. 0)0
Wheat bushels 12»,SC0 M.30Q
Ccrn. 'bushels 2-2.S<4 317.O00
OatS bushels 183,9i/> 283.00)
Rye ' bushilr f,500 26.COO
Barley, bushels 3,<KW 11.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market v.as firm; creamery. lsijIWrsc; dairies,. 11
4*17c; ch»ese weak, 9%fflOHc; eggs, steady;
fresh, lmc.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Winter wheat patents. $2<i4; spring wheats spe
cials, U 50; patents, $3 7OCg4 If: bakers', $2 30#
3 10; rye flour. $2 50.^2 70: No. 3 wheat, 69S73e:
Xo. 2 red. 76'/itfi7G 7 sc; Xo. 2 corn, SJ^c; No. 2
yc-llow, 33>4c; No. 2 oats, 24Vic: No. 2 white.
24 '-sc; No. 3 white. 24f24%c; No. 2 rye. 61@52*;c;
fair to choice malting barley. 40<g45c; No. 1
ftaxseed ?1 50; prime timothy seed. $2 25<j?S 13;
mess p°rk. per bbl. $11 75<f?ll SO; Lard, pel* 100
lbs, $6 71'-* "(76 'Vi\ ehort ribs Bides (loose). $5 90
<a~ 20; dr>-~ salted shoulders (boxed), 6%®7c;
short clear sides (boxed), $7 40<g7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 23V4; clover, contract
trade, f.
Art'cles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wh^at No. 2—
July "4T4 74"* 74>i 74»4
Auuurt 75H •75>-» 74Vi 74H
September 76H 76'fc 75 7514
Corn No. 2 —
July 35% 394 3S% 391;
Auguft 3S7* 39H 38T4 , 3S^
September 3SVs 38Ti 3SH 38S
Oats Xo. 2 —
July 22 22 21^ a
August 22% 22'4 22 22
September 22% 22% 22ft 22^
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 1170
September 11 97V 3 12 00 1175 1175
Lard, i>er 100 lbs—
July 6 72% 6 75 6 70 6 70
September 6 77><i 6 77% 6 75 6 73
October 6 S2>j 6 S5 6 77% 6 77%
'Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs—
July 6 S2H
September 7 021- 7 05 6 S2Vs 6 95
October 7 00 7 00 S 90 6 92'i
opened Me to >4c lower nt 76Vic to 75%c. and
for a time fluctuated between 75^c and 76c,
business being of a quiet order. Northwest
reports varied. Seme were as bullish as they
were when the drought was on. while others
predicted crops almost double the more gloomy
estimates. An hour before the close holdets
became discouraged and began selling. The
outside demand was very slack and there was
I no hope to be drawn from the cash business-.
I September tumbled down to 73c and closed
i weak, 1H<* lower at 75Vic.
Corn was quiet, but compared with wheat
the market showed considerable firmness.
Liverpool was a disappointment. September
closed steady, i;c under yesterday at 3SHc.
Oats were lower In sympathy with wheat,
I September elcElng U@9%c under yesterday at
I 22'4C.
I Provisions were quiet and easy. The market
opened firm because hog receipts here and in
! the West were lifiht a"nd because the market
at times showed an advance. Hogs later eo«;-l
off. traders in hog products sold moderately
I and packers did very little buying, all of
! which cost the market its early bul«re and
I more, too. September pork closed 20c lower,
] lard 5<ri7Vic down and ribs 7*4c reduced.
I The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, July 28.— Liverpool turned a deaf
ear to the bulge here yesterday and caused
much disappointment to local holders by clos
ing Hd lower to H<1 higher. Paris was alsn
I lower and the weather favorable. September
close quiet, with prices net unchanged to five
points lower. Total sales were 5705 bags in
cluding: October, iS 15: Xovember, J8 20; De
cember, $S 35; January, $S 45; March. $S OOgS 55.
SUGAK-Strong; fair reflnlnjr, 4H©4 12-32c;
centrifugal, S€ test, 4 29-32c; molasses sugar,
4 B-32c.
Refined — Firm: No. 6, 5.55c; Xo. 7, 5.45c; No.
8, 5.40c; No. 9, a.JJc; No. 10, 5.30c: No. 11, 5 30c,
No. 12, 5.25c; No. 13, 5.20c; No.' 14, 5.20c; stand
ard A. o.iMc; confectioners' A, 5.90c; mold A,
6.3.V:; cut loaf. 6.50c; crushed, 6.50c; powdered,
6.20c; granulated, 6.10c; cubes, 6.2">c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4344 packages. Market firm;
Western at mark, ll©13^c for average lots;
Western, loss off, 15@17c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3063 package*; steady:
creamery, 17gl9'.ic; current packed factory,
H@15\c.
DRIED FRJJITS.
California dried fruits continued dull and
nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3'i«oc; prime, SVigo'sc; choice, S&'ge^c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-SHSTc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS — Royal. llSYHe; Moorpark. loglTc.
. PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6@~3c.
Receipts of Produce.
0
FOR SATURDAY, JULY 2*.
Flour, qr sks.... i:.91!» Mi.Mlinps. yks.... '70
Wheat, ctls S.690 Hay. ton* l.Ul
Barley, ctls 12. W \ Straw, tons 12
Oats, otls 3,(*>o Wool, bales 3
Cheese, ctls. C2;Pelts. bdls 61
Butter, ctls 521 Hides. No 22i»
Su(?ar, ctls J,hi»i: Leather, rolls.... id
Corn, sks i*?!^ I>tme. bb!s &t
Onions, sks 1,112 Quicksilver, fisks 155
Potatoes jks 5.149 Ekks, doz 21.0('O
Bran, sks 4.6OS Wfne, gals 10.S0O
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 650|
SUGAR— The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cut>«s, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.2mc; Powdered,
6.S0c; Candy Granulated. S.&Oc; Dry Granulated.
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 5.*>c;
Extra C, 5.20c; Oolden C. 5.10c: barrels. lOo
more; half-barrels. 25c more; bcxes. 50c more;
50-lb ba^s, 10c mere. No orders taken for Itn
than 7i parrels or Its equivalent. Oomlnos.
haU-barrela, 6.45c; bones. S.TOc per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Scuthfleld
Wellington, f9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. JS;
Coos Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative
Wallsend, $9; Cumberland, J12 In bulk and
113 i5 In Facks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*.
$14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in
bulk and $1S tn sacks; Jlocky Mountain de
scriptions. $S 45 per 2C00 pounds and $3 50 per
ton, according to brand.
BAGS— San Quentin T.ags. |o 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6g6Hc; WomI Baps. 2SH«32Uo;
6Ht: Wool Rags, tmQ3Z\&c; Fleece Twine.
7!ic: Fruit Bag*. ltt&6%C for white and 8' t 3
8%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small, 5*if?57ic f or
medium and S^ffS^c for large; stock Hogs and
tetfit-rs. h'lic; dressed Hoirs. SfgS^sc.
There is nothinS new to rer>ort.
BEEF— oS6c per Hi fcr fair to choice.
VEAl^-Large. 7£Sc; small, 8g)^c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7i»SS<-'; ««. T3«;v»c ver
bour.il.
LAMB— Spring. SV4«9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOIj— Fprin* clip 1 Q quotable as follows:
Northern free. Hftlac: Northern defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. HSJlfic; Middle Coun
ty defective. ll@14c: Southern Mountain, li
months'. HSlIc: Southern Mountain, free. J
months'. H;til2c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', Humboldt and Mendoclno
lGiglSc; Nevada. 13&16c per lb. Fall Clip— San
Joaouln Lambs'. J<ff9c rer Ih.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5810c per lb; new
l&«j'12c.
' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
«teer« 9V-e: medium. S^c: littht. SHc: Cow
hide-, S*<.c: Stasra. 6c; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, Found, 15c; culls nnd brands, 12c;
Pry Kir. lie; Dry Calf, 15c; Sheepskins.
Phearllnps. HX&SOe each; short Wool. 30©50c
each- medium. €0<gS0c: Ions Wool. 9C fail U
each: Horse Hides. «alt. Ktlt 25 for large, il 75
for medium, tl ior small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry, » 50 for large, fl 23 for me
dium. $1 for small and 25#50c for colts. Oeer
fkina — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. Z0c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins-Prime Angoras, Tjc; large and trnfotb.
We; medium, 35c.
TAl-LtnV— No. 1 rendcr°d. 4c per lb; Nj. ;.
3c: refined. 5^c; grease. I^2H«
Wool Is showing rather more life In the East.
Otherwise there is nothing new In these mar
kets. . ,.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
CUKET) MEATS— Bacon. IO^IOHo per lb for
heavy. WWMHc f°r light medium. ll*ic for
light llHc for extra light and 14*jc for susar
eured Eastern susar- cured Hau, 12® 13c:
ile«s Beef. 112 P« bbl; extra Mess. «a : Kam
ttv"ll4- extra Prime Pork. $15; extra clear, $13;
Mes« US 5»5 Smoked Beef. «H#»3o per lb.
LARI>— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SV-c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
£\c; 10-ib tins. 9Uc: 5-lb tins. 9Hc.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S"*c; three
half-barrels. 8%o; one tierce. S^c; two tlerses.
live tlereet, SHc per lb.
Provisions.
5®6c for California: Brastl Nuts, lieil^c; Fil
berts, 12® 13c; Pecans. 11313c; Cqooanuts. %l 50
6 MOSET— Comb, liQWic for bright and 113
il£ for light amber: water whit*. I^eTWc;
light amber extracted. 6*iSe%e; dark. iJitfBc
P< BEKSWAX-:Mff=6c per It>.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29. 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SA
39
EASTERN MARKETS.
JVeather Report.
(¦Ofh Morf3;ari— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, July 28, 5 p. rn.
Th» rv,l!nw!r.ir maximum t<"n'r> n rafjr#>s were
T< sorted from stations in California to-day:
Kur«>ka r ! 'Iy>s Angele? SO
Mount Tamalpa!" 7S 9«
In<l«-j^n<! c nce ...» *4 f^an Lulu Obispo T<5
Jifi Muff I0« Jian Diego 70
Fresno lut
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CJ: mirinwir,, C3; m*an, uS.
WKATHEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FOIJECAFT.
Ther* ha? been but little cbtqftt 1n prvMure
rver th* country we« OS the Kocky Mountains
£urin«r the part EWtatF-foor hours. An area of
i^vr ptx-fisure of the rf*u&l type overlies
the valley cf the Colorado. There appears to
be h (Mnurhance !n Northern Texa«, an<l !«how
frs- in reported at KI Paso. This may be a
FVrrr ri it.'- Sonora type eni may. move ncrth
westtrvd into Arizona.
Th«? temjwatures continue IilRh In the in
terior ax.d cooler along the roa.«t with heavy
foe. In the Rreat valleys '»f California the tem
; i '.."-.rff- ere from 4 JeKrecs to 11 degrees above
:r.- r.-rrr.al >i
,\ maximum w!r.d velocity of thlrty-c'x mile*
I*r hour from the southeast Is reported at L"l
} .
y, recast tr.ad<* «t Pan Franc!«cc tfor thirty
hcorr, rndiriK iKl'in!el;t. July- :s>. UK*):
:.' rtttem ''allfornia— Fair Sunday; continued i
n •;•. veatber '.n the interior with light north- \
»•:-, .\.:.:. . westerly winds an the coast, with ;
Southern CaHfcmia— Fair Sunday; light west
erly wind*.
Ktvada—Pair Sunday.
t:ta!i— Fair Hurnia) : continued wirw.
Arizona— Fair Surdav In wwtfrn portion^
cl< af.y. jrohn!)!)- thc*<re in oiftern portion.
Far. FranctBca end vicinity— Fair Sun-lay;
i brUk ¦retteriy v.in<!?, with f°i?.
ALEXANIjKK C. MpAPIE.
Forecast Official.
— : • !
Associatcd Banks' Statement
N ew York Groin and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
TO ARRIVE
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer.
I Destlr.j
M». I
Eureka ...
Ft. Arena.
I Point A
Coos Ba» .
City Tuebll
a,
i
9
Empire ...
I Coos Ua
Corona
ISO.
.IAU*.
Arcata
Fta'e Cal.
iCooa Ra
'Portlnn<
Orizaba
Pel Norte.
iPnrtlam
Cxarina ...
Ara»r. Man
Bonlta ...
Walla Vl\.
Santa Rost
J. Kimball
iP^attle.
; Chma »
Nnrpur
I Victoria
!3an D!e
I Cape K<
.'Aug.
ijAug-.
, ¦ Au«r.
.'Auk.
. [Auar.
.!Auk.
1
1
Steamer.
I Destlr.j
M». I
Eureka ...
Ft. Arena.
I Point A
Coos Ba» .
City Tuebll
a,
i
9
Empire ...
I Coos Ua
Corona
ISO.
.IAU*.
Arcata
Fta'e Cal.
iCooa Ra
'Portlnn<
Orizaba
Pel Norte.
iPnrtlam
Cxarina ...
Ara»r. Man
Bonlta ...
Walla Vl\.
Santa Rost
J. Kimball
iP^attle.
; Chma »
Nnrpur
I Victoria
!3an D!e
I Cape K<
.'Aug.
ijAug-.
, ¦ Au«r.
.'Auk.
. [Auar.
.!Auk.
1
1
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Will sell TO-MORROW (MONI>AT>. July rtn.
1DC0, at 11 o'clock a. m.. at 201Z Hroderick ?t..
the Handsome Oak Furn^hinKS. Dedding,
Curtains, Carpets. Etc.. of 7 rooms.
KJUL COHX, Auctioneer.Forceful Sermon on an Ancient Jew
ish Custom Heard by a Large
Congregation.
A large congregation assembled at the
Bush-street Synagogue yesterday morn
ing, it being the third anniversary of the
installation of Rev. Isador Myers as
rabbi of the chabai Sialomc parish. The
rabbi preached an eloquent and forceful
sermon appropriate to the occasion on the
custom of Jewish handshaking. He said
in part:
"The past is our parent and says to the
present generation of Jews, "Give me your
hand. Do not tear yourselves away from
the sacred traditions of the past." 1 Tho
future stretches out to us the appealing
arms of a little child crying to us, 'Give
me your hand.' We must live on until all
mankind shall be prepared to be sruided
by the hand of our heavenly father in jus
tice and righteousness until all men
throughout the world shall say to one an
other, 'Give me your hand.' "
RABBI MYERS PREACHES
AT ANNIVERSARY SERVICE
HER LOVER MISTAKEN
•FOR A BOLD BURGLAR
Henry Devlin, a Young Machinist,
Has an Unpleasant Experience
on Langton Street.
Henry Devlin, a machinist at the Union
Iron Works, met four young friends Fri
day night, and they had a dispute as to
who was the preferred lover of Sarah
Ulackman, daughter of Morris Blackman
2^">) Kangri-on street. *
While they were disputing Devlin slip
ped away and went to the Blackman resi
dence. The front door was unlocked and
he boldly entered. He saw a light in a
room, and going to the door wnispered
"Is that you, Sarah?"
It happened to be the father's room, an d
he shouted. "Who's there!" Devlin made
a break for the front door and Blackman,
seizing a candlestick, rushed after him
yelling for the police. Policeman Tobin
happened to be passing and he chased
Devlin and captured him. Notwithstand
ing Devlin's protestations, he was sent to
the City Prison and a charge of burglary
booked against him.
«The case was called In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday. Devlin told his story,
and his attorney said the girl was in court
to corroborate it, but he thought she
should not be humiliated by being called
upon to testify. Devlin was a hard work
ing young man and had never been ar
rested before. The Judge dismissed the
case.
After seven weeks of hard work In the
East, Attorney Louis P. Boardman ar
rived home last night. He is fresh from
the scene of the Marceau strifefand hia
experiences while in the East looking
after Mrs. Pennell's interests would
give any aspiring "Sherlock Holmes" a
good run for his money.
Mr. Boardman on his departure from
this city went direct to Washington,
where he applied to Justice McKenna for
a writ of error in the Flfmnelly case. At
the close of that case he went to New
York, where he met Mrs. Fennell, who
left this city soon after his departure, in
search of her child.
They found that the child had been taken
by the gallant colonel to Ogdensburp. N.
Y.. «nd placed in the care of Colonel Mar
ceau's father. When Boardman and Mrs.
Fennell reached that city they received
information that a few days previous
Marceau senior had removed the child to
CERTAIN STREETS ARE
NOW TO BE IMPROVED
Board of Public Works Will Act on
Suggestions of Commissioner
Maguire.
Commissioner Maguire yesterday sub
mitted a report to the Board of Public
Works after an examination of the streets
of this city which are in need of repaving.
The board will take immediate steps to
carry out the suggestions contained in the
report, which says:
In the district bounded . by Market and
Kearny streets and the bay, I would sugrgest
that $15,000 be expended for repavlng accepted
streets; Spear street, from Market to Howard,
Ehould be graded and paved with basalt blocks
on a sand base; Bryant street, from' Spear to
First, and thence, to the Mail r»ock.
should be irraded and paved with a strip of
basalt blocks, on a sand base, of from sixteen
to twenty feet in. width; Sixth street, from
Howard to Harrison, to be graded and paved
with basalt block on a sand base; Fourth
street, fropi Howard to Harrison, to be paved
with basalt blocks on a sand base; two blocks
on Polk street, as may be hereafter determined
upon, to bo rer>aved.
The railroad rlalto Is discussing with
considerable interest the coming trans
continental and trans-Pacific competition
that is promised for the early part of next
year by President Hill of the Great
Northern Railway.
Hill has been rather a menacing quan
tity in. Western and Pacific Coast railroad
circles for several years, particularly dur
ing the time that he was financing and
building the road of which he is the presi
dent. His new scheme, if successful, will
shake up transportation circles all over
the world, and the biggest jar will be felt
by the railroads and steamship lines that
handle the commerce that goes to the
Orient through San Francisco.
The Great Northern now has In course
of construction two steamships that will
be the greatest freight carriers afloat.
Each ship will be 750 feet long, 74 feet
beam and will be able to carry the freight
of 1400 cars. Three other vessels of the
same tonnage are tobe built, and these.
in connection with his railroad and the
steamer lines he controls on the great
lakes, may enable him to make good his
promise to shippers that he will transport
goods from the Eastern cities to the ports
of China and Japan at the rate of $S per
ton.
Mr. Hill says he proposes to handle
freight but twice, once at Duluth and
again at the found, and counts on making
a fair profit on the $4 per ton share that
will go to the railroad company. Pacific
Coast railroad men. say that he may be
able to "deliver the goods,'<and competi
tors are wondering 1 what will happen in
the event Hill makes good his promise.
Under present conditions the price of.
hauling commodities from Mississippi
River points to the Pacific Coast ranges
from $10 to $15 per ton, without reference
to transportation across the Pacific.
It is stated that the Great Northern
people are confident of their ability, with
the rates named, to shut California out of
the China flour trade and to monopolize
the transportation of lumber to trans-
Pacific ports and overland. It is conceded
that the big northern railroad man pro
poses to "try out" his scheme, and the
railroad men who are interested- In the
promotion of business for this port are
figuring on what can be done to head off
Hill in the event that his enterprise
proves remunerative and becomes an es
tablished service.
One thing js declared to be certain, and
that 1b that if Mr. Hill tries any such ex
periment on San Francisco he will stir up
a transportation war the reverberations
of which will be heard around the world,
because It would be a paralyzer for Eu
ropean commerce through the Suez canal.
The advent of those big ships will be
watched with a large lot of interest by
shippers and transportation kings gener
ally. / r. • -: > ';
Local Railroad Men Perturbed Over
a Proposition to Reduce Bates
to China to a Subnormal
Figure.
Great Northern After the
Cream of Trans-Pacific
Commerce.
PRESIDENT HILL
WILL SEEK THIS
CITY'S TRAFFIC
Mrs. Fennell Will Go to Paris for a
Trip in the Meantime and
/ May Meet the
Colonel.
Attorney Louis P. Boardman
Returns Fresh From .
Scene of Strife.
MARCEAU CASE
RESTING EASY
UNTIL OCTOBER
the sidewalk is covered with refuse at
all times. Objection Is also raised to the
yells of men as all kinds of wild beasts "*
which is said to be unbearable at times
Fake Advertising 1 Scheme.
J. R. Hay. ex-messenger boy. was held!
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan yesterday on the charge of
obtaining money by false pretense In $2000
bonds. He was accused of swindling the
R. Dunsmuir Sons Company out of $140
by means of a contract for advertising In
a paper called the Mercantile Gazette
which had no existence. The case of
Percy Young, who was arrested in St.
Louis on the same charge and brought
back to this city, Is pending before Judza
Conlan.
who has been arrested several times, was
arrested again yesterday on a warrant
charging her with practicing medicine
without a license. The complaining wit
ness is Dr. C. C. Wadsworth, secretary of
the State Medical Board, and he accuses
her of signing a certificate as "M. D." for
the death of a child she had attended^
Noises of the Chutes.
Minnie C. Chapman of 1531 Waller
street has filed a complaint with
the Board of Supervisors against what
she terms the annoyance of the
Chutes, zoo and scenic railway. Mrs.
Chapman states that the north side of
Waller street between Cole and Belve
dere is used for a dump pile, such as wet
sand taken from the sea lions' den, and
Cardinal, Canada. Attorney Boardman
and Mrs. Fennell then journeyed tp Can
ada and located the child in the domicile
of .\rs. Kdmond, sister of the colonel. The
house was securely barred and bolted.
Ringing of the front door bell and repeat
ed knocks were of no avail. A counsel
of war was held and Boardman and Mrs.
Kennell decided to retreat. They went to
Toronto and commenced habeas corpus
proceedings against Mr. and Mrs. Ed
mond.^on whom notice was served that
the child was not to be removed until the
court had decided on the case. The day
the notice was served Colonel Marceau ar
rived on the scene from Paris. He took
the child to New York, was arrested on
the charge of abduction, was released on
$5000 bail, and the case comes up in New
York in October.
Boardman left Mrs. Fennell In N«w
Tork. She will visit Paris before the
trial. Mr. Boardman will leave for the
East shortly to again take charge of the
case. '
PUGILIST TOMMY COX
IN THE POLICE COURT
Charg-ed With Insulting- Marguerite
O'Brien and Raising a Row
Friday Night.
Tommy Cox. the pugilist, who was ar
rested late Friday night by Policemen
McPartland and Hemenez on a charge of.
disturbing the peace, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday. The witnesses
examined for the prosecution were Mrs.
Mary O'Brien and her daughter Margue
rite. 43S Clementina street; Samuel Riga
known as "Young Jeffries," 4C0 Clemen
tina street, and Andrew J. Riley, saloon
keeper. 1133Vi Howard street. Cox lives
at 436 Clementina street.
The testimony of the witnesses showed
that Marguerite O'Brien left her home to
buy a '.amale on Sixth street. She had to
pass the Ran Francisco Athletic Club, and
Cox and Riga were standing on the side
walk in front. Marguerite asked Riga
how he had come out in his four-round
bout, and Cox chirped in that he had won.
"I was not speaking to you," said Mar
guerite, looking at Cox. and she walked
away.
As she was returning: with the tamale
Cox stopped her. and shaking his finger
under her nose said: "You're no lady."
Marguerite retorted, "You're no gentle
man, and if I were a man I would slap
your face." Riga stepped forward and
took Marguerite by the arm and walked
away with her, followed by Cox.
When they reached Marguerite's resi
dence Cox said: "Any bloomln' bloke that
says he can slap my face will have hia
bloomin' ears knocked off." Riley hap
pened along and told Cox he should be
ashamed of himself, insulting: a lady. Cox
offered to fight Riley, but Riley declined
Mrs. O'Brien appeared. anTS Cox told her
to go to her store and sell sand in her
sugar.
By this time a crowd had gathered and
Cox went Into his house, returning with
a revolver in his hand. He said- "I'll
shoot the bloomin' head off any bloke that
comes near me." Riley told him to put
away the revolver and ne would fight him
and in a minute they were clinched They
were fighting when the policemen ap
peared on the scene and arrested Cox.
Cox asked a continuance until Tuesday
to bring forward his witneses, and his re
quest was granted.
mllS. KLLA F. MURRAY, who
claims to be tho daughter and on
ly child of the late Mrs. Almira
S. Townsend, is not a resident of
California and consequently cannot be le
gally appointed administratrix of the es
tate of the dead woman," so said Attor
ney Samuel M. Sl;crtridge yesterday, and
if this contention be uphold in the court
a serious disappointment is in prospect
lor the woixian who has taken possession
oi the dead philanthropist's home and
barred the doors to the friends of its for
mer owner.
According- to Mr. Shortridge. Joseph Co-
Lurn, the brother of Mrs. Townsend, is
the or.ly relative who has a legal right
to apply for letters of administration in
the fcsiate. Coburn has nothing to say
at this Uir.e regarding his plans, but lie
has engaged the services of Rodgers, Pa-
Xerson <£ i?lack and iiugu Asher to look
after his interests, and some Interesting
•"developments may be looked for.
To be entitled to the right to administer,
presuming she is the daughter of Mrs.
Townsend. Mrs. Murray must be a bona
::«2a resident of the State. According to
The law, when the heir is not a resident
The next in turn is the father or mother
und then the brother. The parents of Mrs.
Townsend have ions since passed away,
so ae'-urcirsg to the law as i!iu.-rpreted by I
Air. i^hortrMgt- Joseph Coburn will be en
titled to be appointed administrator.
Ooburn points with pride to the fact
that in his array of legal talent are two
ionner judges, both of high standing.
"With these he hopes to offset Mrs. Mur
ray's "judge" attorney, as well as refute
3"att Sullivan's Ding at "sharp practition
ers"' and "shyster attorneys" who have
suspicious Jucii. in rinding -"posthumous
•wills."
Coburn is . not prepared to positively
etate as yet that the wnrr.an claiming to
lit* Mrs. l^;ia j\ Murray Is the daughter
of his late elster. Coburn only met his I
•alleged niece on the day of th>? funeral, j
The room In which she formally bowed
Acknowledgment to the introduction of ;
"I'nclu J«'e," as made by Miss Nellie Rat
tigiai. tva.s dark. Consequently Coburn
*.Ud net get a good look at the niece he
.placed in the convent in New York City
.•when the was 36 years old. Coburn does
'not deny that the lady is Mrs. Murray.
j;«thrr will be r:n":rra her claim that she
Is his dead sister's daughter.
The estrangement supposed to have ex
isted betwtt-n mother and daughter is said
to havo owed its origin to religions differ
ences. It appears that Mrs. Murray in
'l:tr youth was what is known as a "wila
*::r!." that is. one of a vt ry headstrong
jiaiure, whom it was found extremely dif
licult to manape. To the* good nuns of
the Sisters of Mercy Convent the train
ing of the young girl vas intrusted, with
the express understanding that she was
Mot to adopt the Catholic faith. After a
line, however, Mrs. Murray, who was
then Miss Townsend, adopted the Cath
wiic faith, ami the <-strang«-ment between
anothtT and daughter followed. This es
traxtgenuent Attorney Ash*?r intends to
prove continued up till at.-out ten years
upo, when Mrs. Murray wr< te to a promi
i.ent man of this city asking his assist
ance in locating her mother-
Th<- C "*<erence in the religious view of
parent and daughter serves to explain
Jiow it was that a I'nitariai. minister con
ducted the funeral services while Mrs.
Murray *a.t in an adjoining room receiv
ing the consolation of a Catholic priest.
Attorneys S. M. Shortridi?e and George
31. Pippy. rep/esenting the absent heirs,
Win go into court to-morrow and ask
permljaglon to search the California-street
h^me of the late philanthropist, so that
¦they may jind her last will,, which they
f< el confident is secreted there. They will
!»j accompanied by an intimate friend of
the dead woman and she w'll point out to
t:iem a secret drawer, in vhich they ex
pect the will Is safely stor/ed away. In
the meantime neither the lady not the at
tomejrt ;:re worrying theii heads about
:i carved wood towel rack with its little
spring drawer for the wash-rag, powder
puff and tooth-brush.
AJ1 the attorneys interested in the case,
except of course the Sulllvans, are confi
dent of the existence of a will. Prominent
iimor.g me reasons advance 1 to bear out
ihe exister.ee of such an lns'rument is the
fa^t that .Mrf. Klla Murra> has kept the
house of Mrs. Townsend closed against
all comers, making no #xc!?ption to rel
atives and intimate friends' of the de
ceased, whom she claims was her mother.
"Why does she keep the house dark and
«'»osed?" Bald Attorney Samuel Shortridge.
"Because Fhe knows of the existence of
a will and is searching high and low for
Attorney Shortridge Says Coburn, Brother of
the Dead Woman, Takes Precedence — May
Search House for Will To-Morrow.
BOSTON, July £$.— Charles C. Brad
ford, a brother-in-law of the late Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend of San Krancisco,
was seen by The Call correspondent to
nlpht and said that he had no valuable
papers belonging to Mrs. Almira S. Town
send. She had two wills drawn up, of
which the last, made in San Francisco
about five years ago, must have been in
existence when she died. Mr. and Mrs.
Bradford are very indignant against Mrs.
Murray on account of her conduct since
the death of Mrs. Townsend.
A Boston firm of lawyers has already
applied to Mr. Bradford in beialf of Mrs.
Murray for his eo-operation Ja settling
up the estate, but Mr. Bradford, acting
under thf orders of Joseph L. Coburn of
San Francisco, a brother of Mrs. Town
send, refuses to be interrogated.
Brother-in-Law of Mrs. Townsend
Declares She Made Two.
SAYS THERE IS A WELL.
It. She !s keeping everybody out because
Fhe is afraid they might discover the hid
ing place of the document."
"Why do I beMeve there is a will?" said
! Gporj^e Tiffy. "Why. because Mrs. Town
f=en<l was ah extremely charitable woman
' and it seems logical that she would have
made some provision for the various char
itable institutions that she was interested
in. Further than that, she war, deeply de
voted to Wllmerdins:. and I am contident
that she would have wished to follow in
his footsteps; by that I mean she would
I have further endowed the charities that
} he had benefited and the ones that owed
! thfir existence to his bounty."
Yesterday afternoon City Chemists
Green and" Morgan submitted their final
report on the coiulition of the stomach
I of Mrs. Townsend. which was submitted
! to them for analysis by Dr. Leland. The
1 result of the various tests applied failed
to show the presence of any poison.
The inquest into the death of Mrs.
Townsend will be held Tuesday. Coroner
Cole is away on his vacation :tnd Justice
cf the Peace Barry will act for him.
Attorney- Shortrirfge is anxious that the \
position of himself and his associate,
George Pippy, in the matter of the Town
send heirs be clearly understood and
quotes the Code of Civil Procedure to this
effect:
"The duty of an attorney for absent
heirs is to aid and protect the court
Hgainst spurious claimants and fraudulent
devices and to brinp about a discovery of
the true heirs. Such an attorney is not
the champion of any party nor the oppo
nent of any party. He represents the
court.
"These views," explained Shortridpe,
"were set forth by Judge Coffey in the
Blythe case and by Judge "Wallace, then
Chief Justice, in estate of Simmons, 46
Cal."
Fact That She Is Not a Resident
Bars Her From Acting in the
Townsend Estate.
SAYS MRS. MURRAY
CANNOT ADMINISTER
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 29, 1900.
l>ora Fuhrig' Again Arrested.
Dora Fuhrig, the notorious midwife,
40
| The Best Shoe for Women. I
*j* ' : - ' » ' 4 ~- i ¦ * •
T Sold in Every Large City in This Country and. Such T
f. Places as London, England, and Paris, France. t
v ••
*£ The sh>ocs of this manufacturer are comfortable. They II
Ij! always run uniform because they are made by a force of V
*j- thoroughly disciplined men who "all pull the sarrje way," '/.
Ij! resulting in a 'production of nearly 5000 pairs a day, roakirjg "£
¦ T only the finest quality — the best that money will buy- *£
$ jo«rr At <PO 50 I
rf. shoes enumerated In f^t /^^^^T/~j-£* ' /s SO Thifd Sf
4* catalogue to any V ar l~'*^//n/Ji\jf\f//7K^'"-- w«
•J. of the United Statci. i///^ i VV WWi^ Second Srjoe Store 1
-*• *\j VtS \J frorr> Market, J.
•J- CATALOGUE READY. SAM FRANCISCO. 4-
The population of Europe Is 381,000,000,
an increase of 79,000,000 since 1S70, or an
annual Increase of about three millions
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
roff 2 days, I
MONDAY, JULY 30, AND TUESDAY, JULY 31, J
TAILOR-MADE-. 5UST5. f
$4.OO, $5.OO, S6.OO, S7.5O, S8.5O and SIO. ij
Less* Than Half of Former Prices. y
GOLF CAPES, with extra top capes, S3. 50 and S5.00. |
- WEDNESDAY, AUf|uST 1, 1900, |
Display of NEW FAUl GARMENTS. f
Tailor=Made Suits, Jackets, Capes 1 Skirts, f
FOR. SOHObL- i
Misses' and Children's Jackets f
and Capes in large variety. I.
ELEGANT AND EXCLUSIVE STYLES H
OUR USUAL, POPULAR PRICES. %
-\-\-\~n~\. j I mm ; |, ; i,,:,.;., i ..;..iH-t-!.4-!-H-x^4- H - H - : .. : ..; ; ..,.,. ,.,.., . u g
] " THE CREDIT HO USE" {
I Six Stotim* High •
1 <fr' k f i J 9 fi Ui
1 Solid Oak or Mahogany Finish j
I Writing De?k. Broad leaf, pig-- j
I eon holes, etc. A ladies' desk i
j in the home is as necessary as j
1 the business desk in the office, j
¦j A safe place to keep household j
'« papers. One for the boy or girl j
; to encourage order and a tsste !
• for writing §4.25 I
j A hundred different desks from •
X which to choose. Beauty, conven- !
; fence or the gratification of the i
• taste for rare furnitue Up to $75. ¦
t Drepery Department — Ask to see j
! things. The Drapery man is proud j
J of his stock — likes to show things. !
J The newest shades and effects in ;
I Rope Portieres— most effective dra- ¦
j pery possible; from $5.50 up. 1
• j
I CARPET DEPARTA\ENT •
» Lineoleums — 12 feet wide; make ;
i one solid piece for your floor. Fresh, J
J bright colors & pleasing patterns. |
j Economy and cleanliness in floor- 1
• covering. Regular 75 cent grade, «
; 65 cents a yard. J
Free Delivery. Oakland. Alam«j«, Berkeley |
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. |
{Incorporate!) i
233 - 237 Past Si. Open Evenings j
Hale's.
Sale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
¦ :^^^^^^S^^ml the start==and now-the removal sale
! !¦ i^^p^i?^^^'M^> y\t$£iR M^^^^^^TTTy^^^l at first slowly, but, as now— surely, step by step, day by day, for more than eight years. careful in
Ki^srK: S »P; El!* : * statement, correct in method, and now, upon the horizon, six doors west, fast neannj? completion, looms
I ! i P?^. r^ r^^l If - t L' 1 1 Jfi'J f^^ * ¥ ' 1 1 1 1!^ '^ " I -^^^ I "^ir^ ' t a the triumph of that matchless organization, the Hales of California, the hnest dry goods establishment
|!l*i^'e^ t iv*BreSJi' !ir i^fi P/iS'Q? A 0jj M upon the Pacific Coast, the most modern and carefully planned dry goods store in all the Western continent.
!iBa«&_ il''SM'Zilwl^/'li'l^fcV^^^J^]^r^^ and now > tlle removal sale, the grandest sale in the history of this house, the greatest sale in the annals
"W^a#?-^/3^ a:; «f ¦3^jj^^^* 5 i»^^^.^LlL--« of San Francisco— the sale marking the most important advance oi the Hales. *
¦*z*£lll vr^R* ¦**& lf A- i _ 7."~^jyyi y'-ji ~ .. - ' '. '. * r it is based upon removal— that every yard and every piece in this store must be sold in this store
jjuu ""- -^£*J!JSSS=?=^~=i=s=L~j :•'¦;'- ; •¦:^>i : -";^ r .-~-:-v."=L *••«*, within human possibilities.
— "-"==: — - — ~~- -¦•• '•••-•-----•¦ j t } s based that for many months the looms of England, France, Germany, Scotland and Switzerland
., . , it ¦ i l have kept time to the spinning-wheels of Ireland in producing the latest and best for the new store.
Ii13 I1BW StOfS) Wner6 3II IS tQ OB I18W it is based that for weeks a full corps of expert buyers have been in the leading American markets aug-
menting the great European purchases now en route.
it is based that the main floor of the old store is flushed with good goods and the great basement stock-
. • rooms crowded to their fullest capacity, the orders, therefore, to department managers have been clear,
n OTPat flJltS fmm llttlO JjnnmQ CrmW positive, imperative— cut prices and cut them deeply to enforce immediate rapid selling.
glOQI UUIVO IIUIII IIUIG UOUIUO glUIli "Hale's good goods" '"arc to be sacrificed; the purchasing power of your dollar is to be enhanced 25
- c\ -ii j r r /-} to 100 per cent.
in 1892 — nine thousand square feet of floor space
—thirty-five employes. JL
in 1900 — in the new building — eighty-five thou- * '
sand square feet of floor space— four hundred employes— nearly ten times - /MWM^^^^^^L^^^^h.
larger in 1900 than in 1892. " L^^tW^^Mt^^^'U^^^'^
•the new fireproof building, with its perfect daylight, pure. air, scientific ; \W
ventilation, roomy aisles, spacious. counter service, four elevators, information &> ' ®/-^ M
bureau, magnificently appointed ladies' parlors and every other appliance that ;igSfiKp»5^ ~^^5\%-> /^w^-^'^' 1 ' 1 ? 1
modern storekeeping can suggest to make your shopping task a pleasure, marks o ©, fw\Jl
but another stepping stone in the Hale's resistless march of expansion. t^WT^t 0^0^1^^i^ '0 |S^ •
it will be the only building in San Francisco occupied by its owners and W l MM^i*&0&\ ®S*lSifiN JfeffPMi 0 fen ,
builders for the selling of dry soods. | iiiflji^lL
Hale's is so jclosely identified with the progress and prosperity of Cali- H^Urp r -^0 * =g==j=====^|ZZIIZI-
fornia — with your interest — that its future is destined to be even more brilliant Iin! — ~f ~ v ~^pl B^^W^^^S^'
s^ a fe*M»« B iiii l , ~**^ , the old store, where the present removal sale \% held