LONDON, Aug. 14,3:50 a. m. — The British Consul at
Canton, says the Daily Telegraph's correspondent there, has
received the following message, dated August 6, from Sir
Claude Macdonald, British Minister in Peking:
" Our situation here is desperate. In ten days
our food supply will be at an end. Unless we are
relieved a general massacre is probable. The Chi
nese offered to escort us to Tientsin^but, remem
bering Cawnpore, we refused the offer. There are
over 200 European women and children in this lega
tion."
The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Express, wiring
yesterday, says: The allies at noon Saturday were within
twenty miles of Peking."
As General ChafFee's report, which is the only authentic
news received here regarding the advance, located the interna
tional forces about forty miles from Peking on Friday, it seems
probable that the Shanghai report is optimistic. It is scarcely
likely that the allies could have advanced twenty miles in as
many hours.
A Yangtsun dispatch, dated August 7, giving details re
garding the capture of that place, says:
, "The Russians and French held the left, the British the left
center, tlie Americans the right center and the Japanese 'the
right. The British and Americans advanced on the village at a
rapid rate for five thousand yards, under a severe shell and rifle
fire. The Russians opened fire and the British-American ad
vance became a race for positions, culminating in a brilliant
charge. The heaviest loss of the day was sustained by the
Americans, the Fourteenth Infantry having nine killed, sixty
two wounded and several missing. The Bengal Lancers unsuc
cessfully attempted to cut off the Chinese retreat."
Another Yangtsun special says: "Owing to a mistake the
British and Russian guns shelled the Fourteenth United States
Infantry during the night, wounding ten."
Commenting upon this occurrence the Standard says: "It
is melancholy to learn that the losses of the. Americans, who
seem to have borne themselves with conspicuous gallantry, were
increased by a deplorable error, in consequence of which one of
their regiments was pounded by Russian and British cannon.
The incident emphasizes the necessity of more close co-opera
tion, which is not easily obtainable without a single commander
and a general staff."
Official advices from Yokohama, dated yesterday, sav that
the allies proposed to advance on August 7 to Xantsitsun'g, be
tween Yangtsun and Wusing. The Japanese suffered no casual
ties at Yangtsun, but the official reports say they lost three hun-
The Daily Mail's St. Petersburg correspondent declares
that the taking of Aigun has sealed the fate of the rising in
Northeastern Manchuria. He savs:
"No prisoners were taken by the Russians. Wholesale mas
sacre was the order of the day, and when the battle was over the
Cossacks rode over the field, killing all the wounded with the
butt ends of their muskets."
Yangtsun, and Hsi Wu, zctiich is nearly half way between Tientsin and Peking, was occupied without scri
ous opposition. Hopes arc entertained in Washington that the international forces zvill reach the Chinese
capital without further fighting and that the envoys zvill then be transferred to the protection of the for
eign commanders.
The United States' reply to the imperial edict appointing Li Hung Chang to negotiate zvith the
pozvers, zi'hich 'zvas made public yesterday, makes the entry of a sufficient body of allied forces into
Peking and the relief of the foreign Ministers and residents a condition precedent to all negotiations.
Perhaps the most sf rious report received yesterday zvas that from the British Minister, dated
Peking, August 6. It stated that the besieged foreigners had only ten days' food ami that unless .relief ar
rived soon a general massacre zvas probable. ",. .
yi T Hsi Wu last Thursday; at Peking next Wednesday. These are stages of the, allies' advance,
,Z± in China, as in one case reported by General Chaffee, and the other confidently expected in
Washington. The Chinese resistance apparently collapsed after the capture of Peitsang and
Pressure Brought by
Foreign Embassa
dors to Induce Great
Britain to Withdraw
From Shanghai.
Germany Is Expected to Follow
England's Example, and the
Dismemberment' of China
May Be Precipitated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\i,
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, Aug. 13. — It would not astonish diplomats
here should it develop that foreign Embassadors in Lon
don have been exchanging views relative to the course that shall
be pursued by other powers to induce Great Britain to withdraw
from Shanghai. In any such exchanges, however, it is known
that Embassador Choate is not participating, and this Govern
ment officially announced in its reply to the Chinese Viceroys'
appeal that the President use his influence to induce Great Brit
ain to withdraw that it could not .interfere.
Following the example of Great Britain, Germany is ex
pected to land troops at Shanghai as soon as she can spare a de
tachment from the force which she is now collecting in the Far
East.
• "For the powers to permit Yangtse Kiang to pass under
the'control of Great Britain," said a well-informed diplomat this
afternoon, would be to precipitate the dismemberment of
China, which the British Government has been apparently so
anxious to prevent; besides, their interests in that great territory,
which are yearly becoming more valuable, would suffer.
"I do not think I am exaggerating the matter when I say
Shanghai to-day is far more important than the position of the
Ministers in Peking. I hope the British Government, appreciat
ing, the, dangerous complications that will arise from the pres
ence of her troops in that port, will revoke Vice Admiral Sey
mour's orders and return to their station the troops under
instructions to proceed there."
BRITISH MINISTER REPORTS FROM PEKING THAT
THE SITUATION IS DESPERATE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14, 6. AM —Report received h re says a message
was brought last night from Durants Camp on Racquet la :e :n the Adirondack
Mountains to the town of Racquet Lake, contains the simple i tatement t iat Mr.
Huntington died suddenly to-night, Monday. v
The message vssuppoied. to refer to C. P. Huntington, the mi lionaire rail-
All communication with RaequetLakei; cut off at i his hour ard it is impos
sible to verify the report? : :
At the u Huntingdon residence i in city; at this, morning it was
stated that Mr^Huntington^was at Raeoiiet Lake..
NEW YORK, Aug, 14.— It was rumored here early this
morning 1 hat Gollis P. Kuntington had died in the Adirondack
Mountains; Inquiries of servants in his town house were met
with statements that they had heard nothing of it.
REPORTED DEATH OF
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11-The War Department received the following casu
alty lifet from Gt-neral Chaffee: .
"CHEfT, Aug. IX— Adjutant General: Yangtsun. Aup. 7.— Casualties In
action. Yangxsun, August 6:
Enlisted men killed: Fourteenth Infantry— W. E. Metzler. Company L-
Robert C. Kerr, Wyatt G. Hicks. Company I; Samuel Stafford. Corporal Roy
DffSCn. Company M: J-aurence M. Coogips. Company G; Royland. Company F
"From Juat prostration— William Webb. Compaijy M, Ninth Infantry; Thos.
Brophy, corporal Marine Corps.
"Wounded. Ninth Infantry— Frank R. Lang, second lieutenant, wounded in
shoulder, serious; Michael O'Brien, sergeant Company F. in foot, serious; Dan
1^1 J. O'Connor, corporal, Company E. In leu above knee, serious; Joseph P.
Fritsch. Company M, In abdomen, serious; William Eseld, Company I, in arm*
serious; Albert W. Fitzpatrick, Company D, in thigh, slight
'•Wounded. Fourteenth Infantry— Company E. Frank Knoll, sergeant, in groin
6f>rlou«; Harry C. Huston, In shoulder, moderate: Patrick Curran, In leg, above'
krKT, serious: Irmal S. Tyler, In arm, serious; Ralph W. Adams, in head, serious*
Oaarlfs Johnson, in leg. below knee, serious; Frank R. Kiddoo.in head, moderate-
Louis A. Forperl. in head, serious. Company F— William Maloney, first sergeant'
in knee, serious; Frank C. Albright, in chest, serious; James Askln. in knee'
perioos; Adam Houce. In leg, below knee, slight; George E. Vale, In thigh, slight'
Ernest Gibson, moderate; James M. Hurst, corporal, in head, serious; Company
I— Clint W. Graham, in shoulder and kneel serious; Joseph E. Legerr, in thigh
»erious; William MiHrr. Company I. \eg\ below knee, serious: Lefer J. Alley,'
neck, strious; Will S. Lawrence. In knee, serious; Philip M. Anderson, in hack'
serious; James Rice, in both arms, serious; Robert E. Snell, neck, serious; Ray
fi. Roberts, in knee, serious; 'George r D. Gardner, neck, serious; Company L—
WHliam J. Einrnott. first sergeant. In! groin. t slight; Henry Young, corporal, in
knee, aerlcia; Uenjamin M. Boyle. -'leg below the knee, serious; Alfred M. Messer
Im*!' Fr> , rSo . U!!: J ioss Chambling. leg *elow knee, serious; Dwight M. Fuller, in
tn.ga, slight; Frank R. Jackson, in foot, serious; Company M— Oran A. Kem
per. musician, in h*>ad. serious; Charles- E. Foster, in wrist, slight; Henry, H.
iiurst. in chest, serious; Paschal Y. Smith, side, serious; James P. O'Dowd. ab
i ?? tn ti n ,' J 6 *" riouit : Joseph QueJette. back', serious; John Wagner, arm. serious; John
i L. Held, foot, serious; Robert L. Tipple, in thigh, serious; Patrick Shea, foot.
l#|*n<mx; Alonzo j. Babb, leg, serious; Jacob Schwoebel, arm, serious; John Mul
* iJgan, foot, bc rious. %
"Wounded. First Regiment, marines-Company F, Norman A.' Prultt, hand,
Bev ?. r z*;,, n ? t ? e 1S F' Flfth Artillery, Andrew Bromm, leg, moderate. : -
fc-lled burled in Yangtsun, wounded 6ent to hospital, Tientsin.'
. "CHAFFEE." -
AMERICAN LOSSES IN
THE YANGTSUN ACTION
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 11— The dis
patch of General Lir.evltch. commander of
the Russian troops in the province of
Pe<:hiII. to the Russian Minister of War.
General Kouropatklne. describing the
character of Peitsang and Yangtsun, has
been published here, tut add little to the
details already known. General ¦ Line
vltch estimates that the Chinese at Pel
t.'ang we're 25.000 strong." lie say3 their
left flank was mined and provided with
bomb-proofs. Their hurried flight pre
vented them from destroying a. bridge of
boats and this enabled the allies to cap
ture the whole. camp. Including thirteen
guns. At Yangtsun, General LJnevitch
estimates the ¦ Chinese force as about
20,000 men. : The Russian losses^ were two
officers and 116 men wounded. '
."The report concludes: "Our troops are
'bivouacking, at Yangtsun^.and are In
splendid health." . . *
-\ Russian official circles consider that the
German papers misapprehended the real
sco""pe of the appointment of Field Marshal
Count F von"« .Waldersee. "It is' pointed out
here that he will act merely as president
of the Council of Generals to direct and
combine the* operations "of the different
detachments, but without In any way
ALLIES CAPTURED
THE WHOLE CAMP
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 13.-M. do
GJers, Russian Minister in Peking:, reports
in cipher, under date of August 4. as fol
lows: "The Chinese Government recently
applied to us and to all the foreign repre
sentatives In, order to arrange the data
and conditions of our Journey to Tientsin.
At the same time the Tsung 11 Yamen In
formed us that the foreign governments
had at once demanded from the Chinese
Ministers abroad our departure from Pe
king under escort. We replied that • wo
required instructions from our govern
ments, .without which we could not leave
our posts.
"I consider it my duty to point out a3
indispensable to our Journey that the
allied forces sent as an escort should be
of sufficient force to protect 800 Euro
i peans. including 200 women and children
and fifty* wounded. It appears that the
Journey to Tientsin at the present season
of the year is dangerous, owing to lack of
means of communication. All my col
leagues here are sending similar tele
grams to their governments. Please in
form. The families of imperial mission
and the Russian colony are well."
LATEST REPORT OF
THE RUSSIAN MINISTER
we'alrenlngr the Importance of their re
spective commanders In executing strate
gic movements decided on In common.
At Yangtpun the railway crosses the river and branches off to the west.
Now tbe torees have left the railway far in tne rear, and are depending upon
the highway and the river. Hosi Wu la a place of considerable size and the
largest town between Tientsin and Ching Chiwan. The latter place and Tung
chow are the' two cities of considerable size Jn the line of advance after leaving
Hosi Wu. It !s surrounded by orchards and gardens and is not a place likely
to have afforded opportunity for strong defense. It '.s the highest point on the
Pelho. where the river water is depended on. as th« native wells are the source
of supply in the remainder of the route to Peking. As It has taken five days
for Chaffee to report the advance to Hosi Wu. tt is evident that wire com
munication is not open to the front. This was hardly to be expected, and tho
safe arrival of the message at least shows that a certain measure of communi
cation is open. One of the sources of congratulations among officials is that the
fanat!c hordes of China have not materialized or at least have not prevented
' the International column from drawing close to the gates of Peking.. '
Brief as the dispatch Is. it conveys much information beyond that specifical
ly contained in its few words. Although it la not stated what force has arrived,
the War Department accepts It to mean that this is the international force
which rirst took Peltsang and then Yangtsun. -It has gone steadily forward
along the left bank of the Pelho. keeping on the main road which skirts the
river bank.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— The American commander in China In a dispatch
of just three words received at the War Department late this afternoon
sent a thrill of exultation and expectancy throughout official quarters by
announcing his arrival at Hosi Vl'u, only thirty-three miles from Peking,
last Thursday. The last heard from him before this was at Yangtsun.
which had been captured after a hard fight, and word of his movements since
then had been eagerly awaited. Thursday he was eighteen miles beyond Yang
tsung. La'ngfang. the place where the Ill-fated Seymour expedition met disaster
and turned back, had been left behind. The battle of Yangtsung was fought on
the 6th. and the advance to Hosi Wu was accomplished on the 9th. a march
of eighteen miles In three days. This was four days ago. and at the same rate
of progress Chaffee Is even now fairly within striking distance of the walla of
Peking. It was a consummation which the War Department had awaited calm
ly, as It accorded with calculations, although the advance has been more rapid
than was expected.
The dispatch from General Chaff ee. conveying so much in so few words. Is as,
follows: I*'
"CHEFU. Aug. 10. — Adjutant General. Washington: Arrived Hos-Piuw (Hos!
Wu) yesterday. "CHAFFEE."
Word of the advance soon spread throughput official quarters. In the
enthusiasm a report got about that this was the day of the actual arrival at
Peking, but the War Department has not a word of the advance beyond Host
Wu. It was deemed hardly likely that the march to Peking could, have been
made since last Thursday. At the rate of progress, six miles a day from Yang
tsun to Hosi Wu. about twenty-four miles would have been covered In the last
four days, and up to to-day thl3 would still leave the International forces nln*
ml'es from Peking. Viewed from any standpoint, the advance to Hosi Wu was.
of the utmost Importance, not only strategically but showing that communica
tion was open back to Chefu, that the expected opposition from Chinese hordes
had not been sufficient to prevent the steady movement and in the Influence it
would exert upon the Chinese Government.
RELIEF FORCES ARE
NOW NEARING PEKING
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, /AUGUST 14, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLUME LXXXYIH-KO. 75.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— As soon as the Ministers and those under their
protection in Peking have been escorted back to Tientsin by the guard of the international forces under conditions
satisfactory to the generals commanding the relief expedition the United States-will be very glad to enter into ne
gotiations with Li Hung Chang for a cessation of hostilities and an amicable adjustment of all Questions between
China and the powers. This is ln,substance the reply .which the United States has made to the imperial edict ap
pointing Li Hung Chang to. negotiate with.the powers. for peace. A memorandum. conveying this answer was handed
to Minister Wu by Acting Secretary of State Adee yesterday, and was aleo cabled to the powers operating. in the re
lief expedition. Its text was made public at the State Department this morning. In it this Government does not swervo
from trfe policy that has been consistently pursued ever since Secretary Hay announced that policy In his-note: to the
powers of July 3. If the Imperial authorities had. any hope of procuring an agreement for a cessation of hostilities and for
the opening of protracted negotiations in advance of complete compliance with, the -conditions of this Government and
acquiesced ln<by the powers they have failed completely. The memorandum makes it very. clear that this Government will
not be a party to any agreement for a cessation of hostilities and • the beginning of. negotiations untll-the inmates of iho
legations are safe and arrangements ior the delivery of the Ministers must be satisfactory tonne generals commanding
the relief expedition. .China must also agree to such disposition of the international troops as the- commanding officers.
with-their knowledge of the situation, may* approve. . •">•; .' ¦• . * - '¦' '-_¦' ;• " : '* '.:
Ther*5 is reason to believe that the Chinese -Government will probably find .'fault "with the ; reauirements 'of the
memorandum that the escort from the relief expedition shall" be permitted to enter Peking and that the disposition of the
troops shall be. such as the 'military, commanders approve. It will probably be feared by China that If the international
troops enter Peking they' will -remain there'peniiing negotiations. -If the military commanders believe that it is necessary
to have a part of their forces stationed In- Peking or In positions commanding that v city for the protection* of native
Christians and for the preservation of order their fear on the part of Chlna-may.be well grounded. However this may be
this Government will not be a party to any negotiations until the conditions imposed havp been complied with.
Then with the Ministers and other foreigners In places of safety and wtth: tt»e troops' ot the powers disposed of as the
commanders may deem best, negotiations with LI Hung Chang may. begin and the United States, will be ready to carry
out the promises made to the Emperor in" the letter of the President and endeavor to secure an amicable settlement by in
terposing Its good offices with the assent of the other powers. As negotiations progress It will be the policy of the United
States, in the language of Secretary. Hay's note, to seek a situation which may bring-: about permanent safety and
peace to China, preserve the Chinese territory and administrative entity, protect all rights guaranteed to friendly power*
by treaty and International law and safeguard for the world the principle of equal and Impartial trade with all parts of
the Chinese empire. . , > " ' '„
Appended is the reply of the United States in full," the substance*of which was published in The Call. to-day: .
..¦¦'¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ MEMORANDUM: . ' ,;*; ; V'.
Touching the imperial fdlct of August 8 appointing LI Hung Chans: envoy plenipotentiary to conduct negotiations on the part of
China with the powers, and the request for a cessation of hostilities pending negotiations, communicated to Mr. Adee by Mr. Wu on the
12th of August, 15CO: ¦ ¦ ! - . - - ¦'• ' .
The Government of the United States Irarns with satisfaction or the appointment of Earl Li Hung Chang as envoy plenipotentiary
to conduct negotiations with tho powers, and will, on its part, enter upon such negotiations .¦with a desire to continue tho friendly
relations ?o long existing between the two c-juntrles.
It is evident that there can be no general negotiations between China and the powers to lone' 1 as the Ministers of the cowers ani
the rersons under their protection remain In their present i>osltlon oi restraint and danger, and that the rowers cannot cease their
efforts for the delivery of those representatives, to which they are constrained by the highest consideration of national honor, except
under an arrangement adequate to accomplish a peaceable deliverance. We are ready to* enter Into an agreement -between the iwwers
and the Chinese Government for a e-essatloT of hostile demonstrations on . condition -that a . ?uf fldcht body of the forces composing
the relief expedition shall be permitted to enter Peking: unmolested ftnd to escort the foreign Ministers and residents back to Tientsin,
this movement being provided anil secured by such arransements and dispositions of troops as shall be consld»rptl satisfactory by the
generals commanding the forces composing the relief expedition. ALVAY A. ADEE, Acting Secretary.
Department of State, Washinston. August 12. 1900. .
1 Special Dispatch to The Call.
Foreigners at Peking Must All Be
Out of Danger Before the United
States Will Enter Negotiations
for a Cessation of Hostilities.
GALLANT DEFENDERS OF THE LEGATIONS.
American Marines with machine sun in the legation com- •
pound. I
The officers of the United' States Marine Corps, whom
Captain McCalla took into Peking May 30th.
On August 6 the Be
sieged Had Only Ten
Days' Food, and a
General Massacre
Seemed Probable.
However, the Relief Forces Are
Nearing the Chinese Capital
and May Reach There in the
Nick, of Time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Public Executioner Appointed.
BERLIN, AugT 13— Lorens Schweitz of
Breslau has just been appointed to the
post of public executioner for Prussia. - Ha
Fa a retired business man and well-to-do-
AMMUNITION FOR CHINA.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 13.— Eight car
loads of ammunition arrived at the
League Island Navy Yard to-day and will
be placed on board the ¦water-carrying
steamer Arethusa, which Is under orders
THREE THOUSAND
CONVERTS MURDERED
BERLIN. Aug. 13. — The Catholic
paper Germanla says It learns that ten
out of fifty missionaries in the vicarate
of .Southwest Pechill have' been mur
dered, and that 3000 converts have suf
fered the same fate.
POISONOUS PERFUME
ALMOST PROVES FATAL
Secretary of Chinese Legation Pros
trated by Odor From a Parcel
of DTied Flowers.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— A special dis
patch, from Paris' to' the Evening Tele
gram/to-day says: An artful attempt at
poisoning by the use of perfume, which
recalls j memories; from tucrotia Borgia,
Is exciting: all the gossips , of Paris.
Thursday the Chinese Minister, Wu Kcng,
received a letter. It was signed "Julie
Czerwinska," tind contained some dried
flowers which the writer asked the Min
ister to accept.
The secretary of the legation, Armani
di Parma, opened the letter and was im
mediately overcome by the deadly odor
emanating from the flowers. He fell in
a faint. His faint was accompanied by
vioient sickness and vomiting; in fact, 'his
sickness had many characteristics of poi
soning and only by prompt treatment was
he relieved.
Mile. Czerwinska has been arrested. She
appears to be mentally deranged. Before
the examiningt magistrate she claims- to
be the victim of a Polish princess, who
vowed to take hideous vengeance for
some mysterious wrong done her, presum
ably by. the /lower-sending Julie, who is
now being carefully watched.
The flowers are being chemically anal
yzed. The secretary is slowly recovering.
NEW YORK THE PIVOT
OF THE MONEY MARKET
Enormous Shipments of Gold to Euro
pean Cities During the Past
Week.
LONDON, Aug. 14.— In the course of its
nr.ancial article this morning the Daily
Mail says: /
Strange to say, the pivot of the Inter
national money market Is now New York.
The export of gold to Europe, which New
Yorkers talk about so condescendingly,
amounted last week to. fully $5,000,000. As
much more Is likely to be shipped' this
week, and the New York reserves are
likely to be depleted to the extent 'of
?5O,wO,O0O by the end of August. . ..:;:-
It is a question If New lorlc can stand
it safely.
INCBEASE III EXPORTS.
Encouraging Statement Issued by
the National Bureau of. Sta
tistics.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.-The July
statement of the imports and ejeports of
the United States, issued by the Bureau of
Statistics, shows the Imports of merchan
dise to have been $C3,536,253, of which $21,-
SG4.00S was free of duty. The 'total 'amount
Is over $3.000,0'. > 0 in excess, of July, 1K$.
The exports of merchandise during the
month aggregated $100,413,501, an increase
over the corresponding month last year of
more than $5,5tti,000. The gold imports for
the month wore $4,944,764, an increase 6°
S2.00<1,000. The exports of gold amounted to
53.263. 1."i9, an increase of about SfKS.liOO. .
The silver imports aggregated $3,311,033,
an increase of about ¦ $500,000- and the ex
ports $1.913.C5S, an Increase of $910,000. : :
During tho last seven months the-ex
ports of merchandise exceeded the im
$3,2C3,159, an increase of about $003,000. j.
CAVALRY HORSES STAMPEDED
Hush Through Streets of Jersey City
and Almost Cause a Panic.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13. -Speeding ' at
breakneck pace and In the closed order of
maneuver?, a band of, cavalry.. ., horses
charged through the streets of - -Jersey.
City to-r.lsht. sending citizens and car
riages scurrying from their path, and gal
loped over the Hackensack River, bridge
into fhe Harrison and Kearney meadows
In Ihfc mad charge eight of the band were
killed by a Lackawanna train and three
fell" into; a - sewer 'excavation * and ¦were
captured. The horses .belonged to the
Fifth Cavalry and had Just arrived from
Porto Rico.
Twenty-five of the number confined in
one pen at the Central Stockyards kicked
down one side, of the inclosure and made
a break for liberty. The escape was ex
ecuted so quickly that the troopers were
powerless to stop them. Some of -the
horses. wore captured,' but the entire band
had not been rounded up at a late hour.
HUSSELL HAERIS0N LOSES.
Comptroller of Treasury Decides He
Is Not Entitled to Colonel's Pay.
' .WASHINGTON, Aupr. ;13.-The" Comp
troller. ' of ' tho Treasury has ,. decided . ad
.versely - tho ; claim ' of * Major ~ Russell ¦' B.
Harrison for the ; difference between - his
pay as major and colonel under. section 7
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— Baron von Stumm Halde
terg. the distinguished Conservative states
man. Is suffering from cancer of the stomach.
MEMPHIS, Tcnn., Autr. 13.— The LangstafC
Hardware Company assigned to-day. , The
scheduled liabilities are JSO.OOO. It is under
stood the concern will bo able to pay dollar
tor doliar.
LONDON. Aug. 13. -The White . Star line
steamer. Majestic, which is to sail from Liver
pool, Ausruet 15, will have amonir her passen-
Ktr-s Princess Hatzfeldt (nee Huntington) and
M13S Nancy Lelter of Chicago.
WINNIPEG, Man.. Aug. 13.— Winnipeg Is
threatened with an epidemic of typhoid fever.
There are nearly 100 cases, and four more are
rejiorted to-day. The disease Is also ¦ raging
In many x>arts of the province. ¦
if OTTAWA, Ont.. ; Aue. 13.— It • is said at the
ipterlor department that , the report that tht
royalty • on the gold output from the Yukon
had I been ebandor.cd Is not correct. It Is re
ported, however, that the question. of puting
on an export duty. is under consideration.
LONDON. Auff. IS.— Acting under his doe
tor's advice. Lord Salisbury, the Premier, to
night started ¦ foi\ Schlucht, a health resort In
the Vosares. where he will : stay a month. ¦ He
will, however, retain the conduct of foreign
affairs by_ means of, the telegraph and mes
sengers.
-MONTREAL, Que., Aug. 13.— At a meeting
of the board of directors of- the Canadian Pa
cific . Railway, held ¦¦ to-day, ¦ dividends of ¦ 2 per
cent on the preferred stock and 24- on the com
mon - stock was declared for the half year
ended June 30 last. The dividends are payable
ST. PAUL. 'Aug. ,13.— Count and Countess de
Tocquevllle and dauzhter. Mile. Marie de Toc
queville.,8U,of,1'aris, arrived in the city this
morning from' Chicago, en route to San Fran
cisco, via: the • Northern < Pacific. They - Intend
to make . a thorouch ;, tour: qf the West ¦ before
returning to Paris. '• -
BREMEN, Auk. 13.— The North German-
Lloyd steamer Kaiser "Vy'llnelm* .der^- Qroese.
which sailed . from New : York, ¦ August 7, for
Bremen, •• has made the ¦ record •¦ passage of any
steamer • palling ,from Sandy ¦*. Hook < to • Cher
bourg, cnverl ne 3184 knots; In five days, nine
teen ihpvrs" and forty-four minutes.: Her uver
agre soeed was 22.79 knots per hour.
KINGFISHER, ; O. > T.,' Augr." 13.— Notice
posted <:.n : the door ; of the Bank , of Klngllsher
this morning: announced that -the bank was In
the\ hands of the* Territorial Bank -Commis
sioner. Reported : ¦. liabiUtles, • $61,000 ; * assets.
J51.0C0. : The bank la owned by J. C. Post and
wife, ; and has a :, capital of J20.0C0.' Deposits
were received up to Saturday night. The Coun
ty haa $13,000 on deposit.:.; ... . :
I BUFFALO, i N. Y.-rYAu«7i\- 13.— The :J Dakota'
Elevator, waa burned: to-day- entailing a loss,
of ?500,000. ¦- The ftre etarte<J in the machinery
]oit and within fifteen minutes the cupola wa*
GENERAL WHEELER
SAVES THE LIFE
OF BRYAN'S SON
CHICAGO, Aug. ,' 13.— General
Joseph Wheeler, commander of the
Department of the Lakes; to-day
saved the life of William Jennings
Bi'yan Jr., the twelve-year-old son
of the Democratic candidate for the
Presidency. The lad visited General
Wheeler and the latter, after his
first greeting, turned to his work
and allowed the youngster to
amuse himself. Young Bryan found
a loose chair castor and a big bun
dle of rubber bands. These he tied
into a long string and then, secur
ing the castor to one end, went
to a window and began bouncing
the piece of iron up and down on
the sidewalk, seventy-five feet be
low.
The general, engrossed with his
labors, paid no attention to ihe
boy, who gradually became so in
terested in his play that he leaned'
farther and, farther out of the case
ment of the- window. General
Wheeler happened to glance up a
few minutes later and was horrified
to see the lad hanging with his
whole body over the sidewalk and
only the tops of his shoes visible.
Rushing to the window he pulled
the lad in by his legs and landed
him. safely on the floor.
of the act of April 26, 189S, while serving
as provost marshal from August 3, 1898,
to April 7, l£90, amounting to $677.
"Tne fact that an officer may have un
der his direction," the Comptroller says,
"twelve or more companies docs not con
stitute such number of troops a regiment
so as to ttfitltle such officer to the pay of a
colonel. .
"The decision of the auditor adverse to
the claim is sustained." ~.i
TELEGRAPHIG BREVITIES.
a main of flames. workine its way downward
through the machinery room to the bins, in
which were stored 500,000 bushels of grain.
Spontaneous combustion is believed to have
been the cause of the fire, as the elevator wa«
shut down Saturday night and was not oper
ated yoeterday. Th<» elevator was used by the
Lehlgh Valley r.allroad. .
to sail for China shortly. The bulk of the
ammunition came from Norfolk. The
Arethusa will also take some stores to
China, and will probably stop at Cavite,
Philippine Islands, en route. - ¦ •
JUSTIFIES DISPATCH •
OF BRITISH TROOPS
TOKIO. Aug. 13.- The opinion Is ex
pressed in Japanase official circles that
Russia's occupation of Newchwang Justi
fies the dispatch of British troops to
Russia's occupation of .Niuchwang justi
will be driven to take stmilax measures in
•ether parts of China.
INFANTRY ON THE WAY.
LEAVENWORTH, Aug. 13.— Companies
C and D, First Infantry, will leave Fort
Leavenworth over the' Burlington to-mor
row noon, for San Francisco, 26<J men.
Captain Getty and Captain Pickering
commanding respectively. . The train con
sists of a baggage and box. car and nine
sleepers.
SUMNER BEACHES NAGASAKI.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— The War De
partment has received the following from
General Barry:
"NAGASAKI, Aug. 12.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: f Transport Sumner ar
rived this port on the 10th. No casualties
occurred. Health of command excellent.
Will proceed Taku on Indiana."
The Sumner carried a battalion of the
Fifteenth Infantry. The Indiana also will
take aboard slese guns and Maxim field
guns, which General Chaffee haa request
ed and which General MacArthur sent
from Manila. It will take about three
days for the Indiana to reach Taku.
TALKS TO THE TBOOPS.
LONDON, Aug. li.— Count von Walder
see, when bidding farewell yesterday to
The officers of the Tenth Army Corps at
Hanover, according to the Daily Mall's
Berlin's correspondent, said:
"Upon the pluck of my soldiers I shall
rely to carry out my mission for tha
welfare and glory of the fatherland, and
I know that if the present difficulties
should engender new entanglements the
Tenth Army Corps, to whom I am speak
ing, will render brilliant services."
PACK TRAINS FOB CHINA-
VANCOUVER. Wash.. Aug. 13.—Govern
ment pack trains numbered four and five,
left Vancouver Barracks to-day for Seat
tle, where they will take a Government
transport for service in China. Each pack
train 13 composed of fifty mules and fif
teen horses and the usual numbeT^f pack
ers, hostlers and cooks. ¦ *>/ ¦
NATIVE MAGAZINE EXPLCDES.
SHANGHAI. Aug. 12.— A native powder
magazine exploded last night. Th» dam
age done is not known. Foreigners are
not admitted within the magazine lnclos
ure. - _" \
MAJOR F.- A.' WHITNEY
. ¦ DIES IN PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Adjutant
General Corbin received a cable message
this morning from General MacArthur
saying Major F. A. -Whitney' of the Sixth
Infantry died at Manila on the 11th in
stant of heart disease.
Major Whitney waa one of the heroes
of the Civil War and waa brevetted three
times, the last as major of volunteers,
for gallant and meritorious services dur
ing the war. He was a native of the
District of Columbia and entered the
army April 25, 1862, as second lieutenant
of the First Maryland Cavalry. After
the Civil War he was commissioned In
the regular array as second lieutenant of
tho Eighth Infantry. He reached the
grade of major of the Sixth Infantry m
July, 1S98 and served with that regiment
up to the time of his death.
LADY.
THE EMPRESS DOWAGER IN THE COSTUME OF A HIGH MANCHTJ
From the Saturday Evening Post. Philadelphia,
Among the papers found in the Viceroy's Yamen on the capture of the
native city of Tientsin waa one which had been sent to Peking with that of
ficial's recommendation that the Taku forts be retaken from the foreigners.
It was returned with the simple indorsement by the Dowager Empress, "Let
the Taku forts be retaken."
a personal assurance to-day from William
J. Bryan that he v.ill attend the quadren
nial convention of that association in In
dianapolis .on October. 3 and 4. It is an
nounced that during the '.weeks the asso
ciation's headquarters in this city have
been open 125,v<tO new members have been
received into the organization. •
OMAHA, Aug. 13. -Gilbert M. Hitch
cock, publisher of the Omaha World-Her
ald, will print in that paper to-morrow a
letter to the voters of Nebraska an
nouncing that he will be Democratic can
didate for Senator, to succeed John M.
Thurston, before the next Legislature..
QUADRENNIAL CONVENTION
OF DEMOCRATIC CLUBS
NEW YORK, Au£r. 13.— The National
Association of Democratic Clubs received
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 13.— So far as vis
itors were concerned, the President had
an unimportant day. There were no call
ers of note, but the usual number of peo
ple came to^pay; their respects. This was
a busy day In the matter of official work.
President and Mrs. McKinley will leave
for Washington at 1:35 o'clock on Thurs
day afternoon. The Canton home will. not
be closed during their absence, which will
be for about two weeks.
ASPIRES TO SUCCEED
SENATOR J. M/ THURSTON
M'KINLEY SPENDS
A QUIET DAY «IN CANTON
BRYAN REPEATS HIS
i SPEECH TO PHONOGRAPH
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Mr. Bryan closeted
himself with a phonograph to-day and
delivered over again parts of the speech
of acceptance he made at Indianapolis
last week. Those sections in which the
candidate promised to call an extra ses
sion of Congress to deal with the Philip
pine question and the closing periods were
the principal parts of the speech that
went into the phonograph. It is expected
that Bryan's speech as ground out by the
phonograph v.ill play an Important part
in the campaign.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— "VT. J. Bryan had a
conference to-day with a delegation of
colored men, headed Jby J. Milton Turner
of St. Louis, former Minister to Liberia,
They represented that there was much
diss"atl?faction among the members of
their race with the present administra
tion and assured Mr. Bryan that he would
receive the votes of many of them. They
therefore urged the.Jmportance of organi
zation of Bryan Democratic clubs.
The date of the departure of Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan for Lincoln is fixed for
Wednesday night at 10 o'clock. Mr.
Bryan's speech before the Irish societies*
will be made at Sunnyside Park
day afternoon.
BRYAN CONFERS WITH
COLORED DELEGATION
COLONEL A. 6. DAGGETT, COMMANDING THE FOURTEENTH U. S.
INFANTRY.
Host of the sixty Americans killed and wounded In the battle of Yang
tsun were from the Fourteenth Regiment.
ANTI-LYNCHING
LEAGUE SEEKS
PARTY SUPPORT
Lillian Jewett Calls at the
ger Is contributing between $2,500,000 and
#,000,000 to the election of William J.
Bryan and also that "Webster Davis had
received $125,000 from the same source as
a contribution for the Democratic cam
paign fund. Charles D. ¦ Pierce, Consul
General and treasurer of the Boer relief
fund, and P. Lauler Wessels, special com
missioner of the South African Republic,
of this city, to-day gave out a denial of
both statements, adding to the denial the
following:
"The Boers have other and better use
for their funds. England is In desperate
straits for the 'sinews of war' when she
will resort to such despicable means to
influence the American people against the
Boer cause when 99 per cent of the citi
zens are in our favor."
— ¦ — ¦» '
National Republican
Headquarters.
Secures an Interview "With Senator
Hanna, Who Says the Question
Is One of Morais and Hot
Politics.
?
N'E'VV YORK. Aus. 13.— Perhaps the
most interesting visitor at the National
Republican headquarters to-day was Lil
lian Clayton Jcwett. the so-called "Joan
of Arc" cf the Anti-Lynching League of
Boston. Hiss Jev.ett waited for some
time while Governor Roosevelt was talk
ing with Senator Hanna. She then had
an audience with the chairman. When
Senator Wanna was aFkeU about the raat
if r he rt plied:
"Poor girl; phe wanted the Republican
National Committee to Indorse the Anti-
J.ynchtng Leagxie. Of course, 'we could
Rut do It. We all deprecate lynchlr.jr. I
told her that all moral pe:>ons and law
&! iding ones are against lynching. This
is not a party matter."
CALL FOR CONVENTION .
OF THE NATIONAL PARTY
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 13.-Delegates to
the National party > convention are begin
ning to arrive. The members of the Na
tional party hope to form an alliance with
the anti-imperialists and they hope that
the anti-imperialists will Indorse the
ticket they nominate. Louis R, Khrich of
Colorado will be the presiding' officer of
Ihe convention. To-day a conference was
held at headquarters and the following
statement issued:
A mass convention is hereby called to nwet
si Indianapolis at r p. in., August 14. ttJ nomln
fcte or co-oix>rat«> In tha nomination of candi
dates for I'r^idcnt an<l Vice I'renident u^on
a platform Futistant'slly an follow*:
The L»eniocratic iitrty ik conducting a direct
Ct'iri 1 k uj>on th«* instiLui ions of our country.
'It advocates difhoneBt money and threatens
the ir-tf-erity of the judiciary.
The BcpaftUcu party is conducting; an In
direct attack ui.on the institutions of our
oountry. At home it ecrrunts th<» public
morals by Krlling public offices and f-peclal
tirivllegmi to the hlffijcst contributors to party
aff-fty; abroad it wases a wicked war of con
quest in violation of the principles. of the
Jjwi&nition <if Indejicndf-nce.
No rru;n pcne« well his country who joins in
either of tht-ise attacks. Party to neither,
tncrefor?, but opponent* of both, we pledge
our honest efforts to the followJrc ends:
Inu«-,«-n<1onoe and protection to the inhabi
tapts fit Cuba, the Philii-nlncK, l>orj.o Hico and
Hawaii.
A einp-Ie pold standard and a sound banking
Eyt'tcin. •
The abolition of all ppecial prh-ilrgrs.
A rublic service based on merit oniy.
In ;iurcii»nr» to this call the mass conren
flrtor oi the Commercial Club building at 2
o'clock to-mnrrow iXtemoon.
This call is addrcrw-d to all those ornose'l
to the car»<51daten and the platforms of the
Roputll'-an and Democratic r>artie3. -Oele^-ates
to the antl-lm^r-rialist convention and all~citi
zens are cordially Invited.
PREPARING FOR CONGRESS
OF ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. 13.— The> congress
t>i the Anti-Imperialistic League will bo
called to order on Wednesday morning in
Tomlinson Hall by ox-Senator John B.
Henderson of Missouri, who will introduce
ex-Governor Bout well of Massachusetts
a? presiding officer. There will be no set
¦programme for the first session. A num
ber cf short speeches will be made rela
tive to Aetertaialxxe what is the best
course to pursue.
Governor Boutwcll is opposed to placinc
a third ticket in the lield and will use all
his influence to prevent the nomination of
a third ticket and likewise the indorse
ment of Uryan and Stevenson. He be
lieves strong- resolutions denouncing im
perialism should bo adopted and that then
ihp meeting should afljourn.
Carl £churz will t&ie part In the con
vention, it is stated positively. It is also
affirmed that Schurz will insist upon an
Indorsement of Bryan and Stevenson and
that he will be aided In this by Henry V.
Johnson, ex-Republican Congressman
from the Sixth Indiana District. Bourke
Cochran is expected to make an address
There who favor a third ticket have
FUjrsested the r.anios cf Thomas B. Reed,
Richard Olney. ex-Governpr Boutwell and
ex-Senator Henderson. • The Indiana Antl-
Imperiaiisi. Loague, formed to-day, has
about 500 members, scattered throughout
the State.
Tomlinson Hall is being made ready to
night. Uy direction of the local commit
tee pictures of Washington, Lincoln.-Jef
ferson and Oliver P. Morton will be
among thc?c exhibited in the hall while
the congress Is in session. The-decora
tions for the most part will remain as
during Brj'an'B recent mass-meeting. - -
BOERS NOT AIDING
THE BRYAN- CAMPAIGN
ICEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Touching a dis
patch .from Pretoria and printed In a Lon
don paper under date of August 10, In
which it was stated that President Kru-
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.—
As nearly aa^figures can express it
the cost to the United States of the
war in the Philippines has been J1SC,
678,000 in cash and at least 2394 lives of
American soldiers. Approximately . the
war with Spain ended and that with the
Filipinos began on February- 1. 1S99. This
date can be used in -calculating expendi
tures in money, although it was not until
February 4 that hostilities with Agui
naldo and his followers really began, and
it was not until February 6 that the
treaty of peace with Spain was ratified.
The total of deaths given is compiled
from a report made by the Secretary of
War in reply to a resolution passed by
the Senate, and froVn General MacAr
thur's death and casualty lists since the
date covered by that report; of May 24,
1900, up to and including August 11. It
is possible that not all the deaths have
been reported, but the possible number of
errors is small and 2334 is approximately
the correct total.
It is dittlcult to approximate the cost
of the war in dollars and cents, for it is
impossible to determine just what propor
tion of the increased- military and naval
expenses of the Government should be
charged to • that war. Estimates pre
pared by expert accountants of the Treas
ury Department show that the cost of the
army and navy since the beginning of
hostilities in the Philippines has been
$164,750,000 in excess of what it would have
been if the same average" rate of expen
ditures had been maintained that pre
vailed before the war with Spain.
On the other hand, at the termination
of the war with Spain, there were on
hand vast quantities of military supplies
of all kinds, which have -been available
for Philippine operations, aaid which can
properly be charged to the Philippine ac
count. ' j.
Subtracting from the apparent Increased
cost of the army and navy $30,000,000 on
account of new construction and other
expenditures in the navy not directlv due
to the Philippines, and 515,000.000 for army
expenses not connected with operations
in the islands, there is left $159,750,000 as
the approximate cost of military and na
val operations in the islands. ¦ . ' '-.'¦
Adding to this $20,000,000. paid to Spain
under the terms of the treaty of peace
and charging to the Philippines interest
on the war loan since June 30, 1899, the
cost of the two Philippine commissions
and various other civile expenditures,
which can only be approximately esti
mated by the Treasury Department, the
total cost of the islands to date foots up
$153,678,000.
The figures here given are based . on a
tabulated statement prepared by the
Treasury Department, giving the army and
tlcth Volunteer Infantry, Manley F. Mil
ligan; Company A, TwentyrSlxth Volun
teer Infantry. Jo3eph L. Wright.
Typhoid fever— Company I. Forty-nftn
Volunteer Infantry, William Barclay;
August 9. Company M, Twenty-first In
fantry. Thomas K. Cooper; July 29, Com
pany K, Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry.
John W. Cox; August 10, Company A,
Twenty-seventh Volunteer Infantry,
Charle3 A. Rice.
Malarial fever— August 8, Company C,
Forty-sixth Volunteer Infantry, Henry J.
Kranz; D. Huntley; August 6, Company
M, Twenty-eighth Volunteer Infantry,
John M. Hanchan; August 1, Company G.
Klghteenth Infantry, Martin Glynn; July
17, Company I. Thirtieth Infantry. Wil
liam Dimmick: July 29. band Sixth In
fantry cook, Herman C. Dingier; August
2, Company L, Sixth Infantry, James
C'ampiell: August 9. Company I, Twenty
fourtlrInfantry, Richard Booze; Company
I, Twenty-fifth Infantry, M. F. Bates.
Variola— August 7, i Company M, Six
teenth Infantry, Edward A. Yeagley.
Syncope— July 17, Company D, Twenty
third Infantry, Anton Mitchell. .
Diarrhea— August .11, Company. H, For
ty-sixth Volunteer Infantry, John W. Col
lins.
Abscess liver— August 4. Company K,
Ninth Infantry, William G. Wilson.
Tuberculosis— August 9, Company M,
Twenty-ninth; Volunteer Infantry, Thur
ston Weeks. ; ' ; < •
Ecephalitia— August 8— Company M,
Twenty-eighth Volunteer Infantry, Fred
erick Morris." -
Heart disease— July ' 13. Company C.
Sixth Infantry, Adolph Huttuna.
Drowned— August 3, Company E, Twen
ty-second Infantry, George I. Soper; Au
gust 9, Troop I, Eleventh Volunteer Cav
alry, Frederick Smith.
nayy expenditures by months from the be
sHTning of the Spanish war, without malt
ing 1 any. deductions for expenditures not
directly due to current operations. Prior
to the present trouble in China this coun
try had in the Philippines an army num
bering G3.5SS officers and enlisted men. In
spite of this force, the Filipinos have been
atle to maintain a species of guerrilla
warfare; which resulted in more casual
ties to the American forces than the
strength of the enemy would seem to war
rant, especially when It is taken into con
sideration that since the early days of
the war there has been scarcely a Hght
that could be dignified by the term "bat
tle." Yet in the incessant skirmishes that
have marked almost every day since th«>
insurrection began the . Americans have
lost 533 men killed in action, and there
have been 1668 deaths from other causes,
most of them from disease, though this
total embracos a few cases of suicide- and
death by drowning and accident. . ¦ ~v ¦
Then : have been 2073 -men wounded In
engagements" with Filipinos. Careful
study of the reports of the surgeon gen
eral shows that of the men wounded in
battle, abput nine and one-third per cent
die in consequence of their wounds. This
would add 1E3 to the iist of deaths and
make a total of 2394 from all causes in the
Philippines since the beginning of the in
surrection. ¦
Most of the deaths, however, can be at
tributed directly to a change of climate
upon the men and the hardships they
have had to undergo in campaigning in a
tropical countrjv^
MACARTHUR. SENDS
. LIST*OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The following
casualty list has been received at the War
Department from General MacArthur:
MANILA,' Aug. 12.— Killed, August 4.
Candelaria, Luzon, Company \ E, Thir
tieth Infantry. , William B. ..English,
George N. Simpson. Wounded, Corporal
William K. Sullivan, wounded In thigh,
slight; Corporal Eugene Betwee, wounded
In hand slightly: Otto Adams, wounded in
arm, slight; Maurice Frye, wounded in
thigh, tslight. . .
Caventi, Luzon, Troop A, Eleventh Cav
alry, Corporal George H. Cravens, viound
ed in leg above knee slightly. July 14,
Calabanagan. Luzon, Company E, Fifth
Infantry, John Flemmlng, wounded In
knee, serious.
. Dysentery— August 11, Company K,
Seventh Infantry. Andrew G. Rogers;
Aupust 5, Company B. Thirty-second Vol
unteer Imantry, George Oglesby; Troop
L. Eleventh Volunteer Cavalry, Louis
Kligg; Company A. Forty- first Volunteer
Infantry, William T. Barnes; August 4,
Company F, Eighteenth Infantry, Charles
Campbell; August 4, Company G, Thlr-
. • - , ¦ -. ¦ ¦¦ * •
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Over Two Thousand Liyes Have Already Been
Sacrificed and Millions of Sollars
ENORMOUS COST OF THE
WAR IN THE PHILIPPINES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1900.
JURY TAKEN TO THE
SCENE OF GOEBEL MURDER
Testimony All In in ths Powers Case
knd Arguments "Will Be Begun
at Onca.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 13.-The
hfaring of testimony in the case of cx-
Seeretary of State Caleb' Powers -was con
cluded at noon to-day and to-morrow the
argument before the Jury will begin.
There will be five speeches on each side.
Those who will speak In - behalf . of th<»
prosecution are: Commonwealth Attor
" ev Fmnwyn. T. C. Campbell. John K
Hendricks Victor F. Bradley and Captain
H. B. Golden, rrhose who will argue the
case for the defendant are: Ex-Governor
Hrown, J. C. Sims. J. G. Tinsley, ex-Con
pressman Owens and . Judge George
The jury was taken to : Frankfort this
afternoon to view the scene of .the trasr-
The case is expected to reach the Jury
by Saturday. Judge Cantrill has an
nounced that the Youtseycase will be
taken up immediately.
r The jury arrived at Frankfort at C
o clock and spent an hour In viewing the
State Capitol grounds and- buildings and
other points in connection 'with the <"ase
The Jury was In charge, of. Judge Cantrili
and three ' deputy -Bheriffs.. .The defend
ant, Caleb Powers, also came aJong, and
was in the office of the Secretary of State
i? r i h ?« first time since his arrest.
March 10. . ¦.,•-¦¦ . . . ¦
The point where Goebel fell, the window
2 ut of . n w 5 lc h the shot: Is claimed to have
been fired, the. basement -through which
walked out after -the shooting
and other places -which ; have been-fre
quently referred to in the > evidence were
pointed out by the court without com
ment.
2
. offer t>-e X"c !:Ind at 1*5
STOVE CRUSHES- The same Is true"of "
Ftova brush* 1 *., The tpportation is larger •
than our trade demands, so we make a
price that will move them all out at ¦
once. The 20-cent grade ;...... 10
LAMP SHADES— Several dczen Olass or
Porcelain Lamp Shades, cither white ~ :
or decorated. SI 25 would be called a *
fair price for many of, them. We have
' put them ftll on, the same list and give '"•
¦• you * your i choice at.............. ....... .go
INCUBATORS— Only two or three of last
year's incubators left on hand. They •
may be called a little ' shopworn, but
barely deserve the name. You can take
- your choice of these:at...' 9o.OO
SHOE HAMMERS — One cross of these has
'been: in the house for several months.
The regular. demand does not take them,
so we make a price that will' move them;
¦¦" cheap, enough to buy for' a toy for the
- little ones : .......^.... I.... ...'..'..:.'..:. .03
PROSPECTOR'S OVEN— fjhly a few on
¦hand. Closing price...... .....U....9I.OO
SECOND 5L00R.
COMBINATION SUITS— Every thins for
ladies or children, all sizes from the
baby of 3 to big ladles. W hile they
last ! • -*' A
SLEEVELESS VESTS— The resular lo-
cent grade will be closed cut at three for — o
GIRLS' PANTS— Anything in this line,
v.hlte or colored, from smallest to larg-
est, for girls; real value from 50c up;
closing these to everybody — « *
COVERT SKIRTS-Everythintr -In this
-line all color?, sizes and qualities from
$1 50 down to *1 25 in regular value, will •*£
be offered to-day »t.. —
YARN— We -have a great overstock of
yarn. Fine dollar crade of stocking jarn.
black and a few colors, will be put on
sale to-day either fo the trade or con-
sumers, in pound lets and over, per
. pound » •• • oU
Saxony which comen twenty to tne
pound, great variety of colors. The pres-
ent market value would be double \inai
we ask fcr it. Shall sell It at .»o per
hank, or SSc p?r pound, in lots of twen-
ty hanks and over.
LITTLE DRESSES-A variety of little
dresses gingham, trimmed, seme darK
.goods in winter styles, from two years
old up. price.... «»O u;>
MAnYSVILX.E FLANSKL-Twcnty or
more pieces of this high grade flannel,
bought at the time tne buslne»3 was
closed up. after the fire, at a little more
than half price. The 7.'c grade will be.
closed out. any colors, this week or until
gore, at •* *•'*
CROQUET SETS— A few left of the $2 M
grade, S-ball; jemethin? you could knock
about safely. To-day's price and until wm _
Bold ..'. ; , !fl^>o
SHOES— Ladles' kid shoes, fashionable
styles; medium quality, all siz^s; will be
offered to-day at •?•*
Ladies' high-grade kid button shoes,
something that should bring *2 CO ta _
closing proposition, remember) Jfl.lo
Fancy . felt slippers with embjoldered
toes; quite a large variety of sizes, .
though not all: $1 20 grade •«>*>
Ladies' Oxfords, black, late style, this
season's make. You would pay II 23 and
even more in credit stores 75
\ Girls' Sunday chces. These are kl«l
top. coin toe, ' tip, good $1 25 grade:
sizes from 6 to ll«i ;.. .55
-.. ¦'• Th« same shoe in larger sizes, from
. 12H to! .....7. .So
. The same shoe for ladies, up to «lse 5.
eay 3. XU, ,1, «tj aniS $1.05
Lould not be bettered In town at $3 00.
- Girls _ stout shoes for school or home
wenr :.'*: ; ,«so up
Little boys' red to:> boots, a few slies
left., per pair .'.r:.. .:.... 75
Men's boctjj, kip,- for . heavy winter
wear. You would be astonished at the *
. variety -and sizes when we tell you -we
have them. to offer until sold at S1.S5 up
-Children's robber*, last year's style,
C, 8. toe. ai Z e 8 u uo to 2 or 3. To-day's '
ATO*' aT1(i unt11 "oW. per pair.. .00
CARPETS— We have the famous Rang-
por earret. which la sold In thl» and
other markets at 50c . per yard. It will
outwear any carpet at the money." You
• ' tan , take your choice of f our 'or five
PRtterns until sold. at.
INQRA1X- CARPET— Some of the Me
grades ; as - low rs 2Mc per yard.- Any
carpet in thehouve at a cut rats that
¦ will. surprise buyers an*! those who are
'¦furnishing up rooms or houses.
KLONDIKE : HOOBS-^These wero* made
¦ especially for ¦» Alaska wear. - but any- '
¦where and every where. •• . They are warm.
'.-. durable, serviceable, everything to rec-
ommend them but their beauty;' closing
price 'to-day.. ..;....; .25
'Ci-AS'H STORE
Our frienCa will be ~tad to know that thla
old reliable house Is now running full blast
under the mansrenient of the'SMITHd". 1
Our Iocs Hat of articles mailed free of posfm
age will interwt you and rave you money. /*
The 2<X-page prlc* l.»t. the "Home Circle " sent
free as heretafore. Address as abova at .
26-27 Mamt St.. San Franelseo
THIRD FLOOR.
SUMMER VESTS-Men'a wear, only gmall
sizes left. These are wash groods and
will be closed out at •25
WINTER VESTS— These are all dark or
medium colors, grays, mixed variety;
sizes 34 to 37; goods worth |2 00 any-
wnere, but at thla sale we name 7«*
BOYS' SUITS— These are for little fel-
lows frcm 3 to 4 ud to 7 and S; only one
taMe of them left, and the price to-day
and until sold, per suit, is $1.00
FLANNEL SHIRTS— Either shirts or
drawers for men's wear, dozens of these
and in a variety of colors. Goods you
would call cheai> at $1 50; just beginning
to bo seasonable, but they are to be sold
at a broken price. . A few are a little
shopworn, but generally they are In per-
fectly good order. Either shirts or __
drawers, each garment ••«»
FUR COATS— Sometimes called parkas.
Their regular selling price during the
Klondike and later during the Nome ex-
citement waj ?5; there are not mon*
than or.e dozen left. The ctcslnff pries
for what are In hand la #»».OO
Tha rants to match them s> for $1.OO -
STRAW HATS— The seasonNs lata for
these. Vie have no very great *toc!t on
h&nd, bvt what are still unsold are In
good style and quality. We clean them
out th'« ana next week at tho following
low prices 3e, lOc, 13o .23
CAPS— ror men and possibly boys. Such
as ycu will ray three and four times the
price for. They will he closed out along
with otter things at the following prices
;»«•. lite. me. 23c JKi
WAIAPAPEK- Most quotations you see are
for a single rcll of eight yards. Cur figure
tn this basis would be 3c iier roll, but as 4
we prefer to i<uota double rolls of sixteen
vards. to-day's price and for the balance of,
the week until sold Is 8e per roll; border and,
celllns to match. There are many broken
lots of bonier, various widths, at probably 10
per cent off what you would be asked else-
where. »
MEX'S Sl'XTS — Lar<7e sizes art pretty welt
thinned out, but in small sizes. 31. S3. S«S
for men or larce boys, of W or 20. wo
can show ciuit« r. variety. We will name
for the closing-out price
*u.s«». *;:.«m» p:i.,-<»
On thete you save more than half of -
the purchase price.
CHAIR fcEATS— These are generally sold
at V.c, sometimes hlsher. We have the
size most !n use In overstock, and offer
it to-day or until sold, at ,OT>
Goods delivered free across the bay.
Xo gr.ods exchanged during this sale.
Our foreign and faraway business will go
on a» usual.
Many goods for city trade will »oon be sold
out. MStfUflj
Our business has been grievously upset since February last by fair and unfair means. "We now have a
chance to build it on a sure foundation and propose to do so. It means the sale of $20,000 of our large stock
at half price. Some -things at less, some a little more. Only a few day3 needed to clear out everything on
second, third and' fourth floors. Come and reap the benefit of these cut prices and help us out at the same time.
DRESS PATTERNS-WOOL.
~'VTe~ have*' 'decided tofslaugnter our flne'dress
Roods, moEtly late importation, some from last
year's . stock. Just I now seasonable ami selling
rapidly. <¦.. One thousand patterns on sale at the
fol lowlns . cut ' prices :
" Dress lenfftha worth $2 25, • at • S1.4O: dress
lengths worth: $2 50,: at $1.45; areas lengths
worth $3 GO, at ? 1.50; -dress lengths worth
$3 73. nt<J*T.O5: those • worth ; f 4 Sf. at S2.4S-
worth 14* 00." at «t.!)O; if worth J5 SO, nt **Z.«;.-,;
some worth $6 00 to ?7 00, at i«:!.a.*, !]*;!.:,(» and
»H3.75;t All' our black goods at cut .prices, in-
cluding a .very fine, variety of serviceable fab-
rics. - .-.' . /¦ *¦¦*: . ¦ ¦ :;-,
DRESS PATTERNS-COTTON-;
Dark callcp, 10-yard lengths.. ..f. .40
Naiyj calico. i>sst, 19-yard lengths......:.;, .no
Hen vy, wide calico, '10-yard ..lengths.. r. '.««
S6-lnch : light ground percale, 8 yards ' .44
32-inch. two-bit Scotch Madras, 10 yards. .' : .«o
15-cent; Ellkollne to-day.. ;.'.: .*.,... ....¦.,;.. ;,07W
15-cent hea vy ; cretonne, to-day. ".'. ..;....:.' .U7il
15-cent black brocade ¦ sateen : . '. ...•.."..' • .O7i,
. REMNANTS — W» are continually making
these, =¦ and . when we ¦. have them and while • we
have \ them wo . ar« glad ¦ to sell at » . fraction
or tnejr real value, • -¦¦*¦.¦ »¦•-, .
Handle baskets, willow market baskets,
split baskets, quite a variety of kinds,
not large sizes, but convenient for family
use, closing 10O or more at OS
GLASS SETS— These are the white or
cream glass,' not very expensive, consist-
ing of the butter dish, spoonholder, Busar -
bowl and cream Jug. complete sets...... .13
Or 'the same if wanted singly, each .03
CHAMOIS— A nne thins for cleaning, heats
all other cloth and utensils of every kind
for cleaning windows and . furniture.
Boiiffht thousands of them for under-
clothinsr pome time ago iii the large
sizes, at half the regular price or less.
The 11 50 grade goes now at 75c, and the
little ones for family use.......... 15
REPAIR OUTFITS-fhls is the "EconV '.
omy" cobblers' outfit, not as good as
some, but a good deal better than none
To-day's price, each • 511
WIRE CLOTHES s LINES— Barrels 'of
them, 100 feet long, fiO-oent and 60-cent
lines. AH go now at the one low price.. .U5
CARPET TACKS— Any size wanted from
4-oz. to 10-oz.. and any . quantity you
" desire, whether a single paper or two
or a dozen gros«s, price Ms the same, per
paper ;.... .0^14
SHOE BRUSHES— Too many of these on
hand. We have sorted, them out andAs a Result Suspects Are Rearrested
and Are to Have Another Pre
liminary Examination.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 13.— Upon mo
tion of District Attorney Bullock this
morning the information against Frank
Lemascher, Caesar .EMers and Albert
Gayer v:as dismissed. To-day was the
time previously set by the court for the
defendants to plead to the Information.
The motion of the District Attorney
was made for the purpose of curing a de
fect In the Information, but as the com
plaint upon which it was based was sub
ject to the same infirmity the proceedings
will have to be gone over again from the
filing of a complaint to the examination
before a committing magistrate and the
holding of the men to answer. They are
the men accused by • William Mitchell, a
Tiegro living near Colma. of the murder
of the latter's wife. Elizabeth, and his
son, David.' on July. 4 last.
In anticipation of the motion he was
about to make; or which. If not made by
him. the defendants' .Htorney, E. F. Fitz
patrick. intended to make, the District
\ttornoy prepared and had sworn to an
other complaint. This was filed in the
Justices' court at San Mateo and upon
it was issued another warrant of arrest,
which was served by the Sheriff this
morning in the courthouse at this place
and upon which ~ the men are now held.
This "afternoon the Sheriff took the pris
oners to San Mateo. .The preliminary ex
amination of the prisoners will tak« pine*
at 9 o'clock next Friday morning at San
Mateo before Justice of the Peace R.tj.
Mattingly. - ' ' " '
Santa Cruz Getting Beady.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 13.— Elaborate ar
rangements" are beins made for the Re
publican State • Convention which meets
here September/ 5. : Reduced rates of | fare
from all parts of the State have been ob
tained. All the California Congressmen
and State officials will be Invited to at
tend. >
Forests on Loma Prieta Are Blazing.
{ : SA"NTA ? CRUZ, Aug., 13.— A forest fire
Is burning in the direction of ; Loma . Prl
eta. A dense ' volume of smoke In that
direction" U visible, v
The Oakland Youth, Who Was to
Have Been Shot in Utah on
Friday, Is Granted a
Stay.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 13.-Another step
toward the reopening of the Abe Majors
case was developed this afternoon upon
the receipt of a bill of exception In the
case of the State of Utah vs. James Mor
gan, by Clerk Palmer of "the Supreme
Court. The young^ir.an was tried at
Brlgham City, Utah, and sentenced to be
shot within the walls of the State prison
on Friday morning for the murder of Cap
tain Brown of Ogden. Late this after
noon Judge Miner granted a stay in the
proceedings until the meeting of the Su
preme Court in October, which will give
Majors a lease of life until that time at
least. . -:.<>« '^K
CORRECTING ERRORS. IN
COLMA MURDER CASE
NEW LEASE OF LIFE
FOB ABE MAJORS
BRAVE SANTA CRUZ
WOMAN AND A BIG GUN
Mrs. Murphy Surprises n MMnJcrht
Burglar While Trying to Enter
Her Home and Opens luu
en Him.
Special T>l«»r>atch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 13.— Mrs. J. Mur
phy of East Santa Cruz Is a woman of
! nt-rve. and she fe£rs not the midnight bur
| glar. There i3 one man who is thoroughly
! convinced of this, and he Is the marauder
who last night attempted to enter her
i house.
I Mrs. Murphy- was awakened from her
1 slumbers last night by a noise at the door.
J Some one was evidently trying to break
I in. As robbers bad been reaping a har-
I vest in that section cf town -for a weok
I past Mrs. Murphjv had provided herself
! with a large-caliber revolver, built for
! business and with an eye single to the
j perforation of the midnight raider.
Mrs. Murphy grp.sped the big pistol and
I resolutely went to the door. Flinging it
j wide open she promptly began a crashing
(serenade. Boom! boom! came two -heavy
! reports, and to the shrill whistling of a
j quickstep by flying bullets the burglar
i sprinted so fast that he broke all the
j coast running records. Mrs. Murphy
calmly reloaded the revolver so she could
go gunning for more uncanny gentry, and
then went back to her slumbers. She Is
the heroine of Kast Santa Cruz. •
; The 'same burglar had tried the same
i night to enter the home of J. R. True.
During the past week no less than ten
burglaries have been committed in East
Santa Cruz and many valuables have been
looted.
LOS ANGELES CANNOT
FIX THE WATER RATES
Federal Judge Ross Hands Down a
Decision in Favor of ths Com
plainant Company. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELF.S, Aug. 13.— Judge Ross In
the United Statii? Circuit Court to-day de
cided the suit of tho Los Angeles. City
"Water Company against the city in favor
of the water company. .
The suit was commenced by the com
pany to have declarer invalid an orciin
anc establishing the water rates passed
by the Council last February. The deci
sion says that the only way the city'can
be free to cut the rates. is by paying or
tendering to the company the value of the
improvements on the plant, as well as the
amount askod for the same. The decision
touching this point Bays:
Tho defendant city has.it lit Its power to
put an m<\ to all of the rights and obllra-
Uods arising under, the contract, by paying
or tenderin- to the complainant company tho
value of the Improvements made In. about and
upon the water works, as therein provided for.
It can do this at any. moment that It is ready
to make the payment, after the amount has
been agT<"*<l .upon or has been otherwise deter
mined. Until It does so, or offers to do so.
all of the covenants and provisions of the
contract continue, including • that , prohibltlnK
the city from establishing: lower rates than
those charsed at the time, of the execution of
the contract. ¦ ¦, , •¦'.;¦¦;• - .. - ' '
Murder and Suicide.
DES MOINES. Iowa. Aug. 13.— Early
this : morning William I. Tuttle of < Chari
ton murdered his wife and then shot him
self. Domestic trouble is supposed- 1 to be
the cause. , • ¦..--• '
In'a Fight With His Squaw, the Buck
Is Trounced, So He Shoots ..
BIGGS.' Aug.' 13.— Some Indians who are
picking fruit ! at 'the Rio" Bonito; fruit {or
chards held - a : grand yowwow : yesterday
at which one of .the bucks had a row with
his squaw and, receiving. the worst of the
fight, he. went down to the Feather River
and killed hi mseli with a shotgun.'. _
INDIAN PREFERS
I DEATH TO DISGRACE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 13.— Fred and Frankie
Hlmes and Elmer Martin, the boy poison
ers, will probably appear in the Superior
Court to-morrqw for arraignment on the
information filed by Assistant District
Attorney Edwards charging: them with
murder. Attorney M. Iv. Harris, who
will defend the boys, has not yet made
public his plans, but says he Is satisfied
the youngsters will* be acauitted.
The plea for Frankie Hlmes and Elmer
Martin will undoubtedly be that they diu
not actively participate in UW commission
of the crime and that they cannot, on
account of their extreme youth, be held
responsible for failure to reveal the plot
before it had been carried Into execution.
Elmer Martin's parents declare that their
son acted as any boy of his age would
have done. On tne morning following*the
commission' of the crime he went to his
home in the country and informed his
older brother of the plot to poison Hlmes.
saying two doses of the sturf had already
been administered and telling of Himes"
sickness. Attorney Harris says tho boy
would have revealed the plot sooner had
he had the opportunity. • .
Regarding Frankie Hlmes. who is only
9 years old, the defense will try to show
that he did not realize the wrongfulness
of the act his brother was about to com
mit and had been intimidated into se
crecr by Fred.
So far as the leader of the plot is con
cerned the only question will be whether
or not he was old enough to realize tha
enormity of his crime. Tho District At
torney declares that the boy's own con
duct "before and after the deed shows
that he fully realized what its awful con
sequences would be. The public prose
cutor says the boy carefully laid secret
plans' preceding the poisoning and . the
skillful suppression of material details in
his subsequent confession shows, matur
ity of Intellect sufficient to prove him re
sponsible in the eyes of the. law, notwith
standing he has not yet attained the age
of discretion by the cods. The trial will
probably take place about the. middle of
September.
Fred is visited at the jail nearly every
day by his relatives. Among thosa who
call on him most frequently are Mr. and
Mrs. Martin, the parents of Elmer Mar
tin. .They Have;, taken 'a. deep Interest in
the lad ever since his arrest and furnish
him with food and clothing. Mrs. Mar
tin, who is a sister of the prisoner's dead
mother, says Fred Is a good boy and that
his hatred of his father was due to the
latter's ; mistreatment of him. . Hi'^
Extreme Youth and Irresponsibility
Will Be the Plea in Extenuation
of Crime of Fresno
Lads.
OUTLINE OF DEFENSE
OF BOY POISONERS
CAPTURE OF ARDELL,
THE FRESNO MANSLAYER
One of the Men Accused cf Having
Killed Donnelly a Year Ago
in^a llebraska Jail.
PLATTSMOUTH. Nebr., Aug. 13.-
Charles Ardell. alias Frank Perry, was
arrested here to-night charged with com
mitting a murder near Fresno, CaL. In
June, 1S03. He is well known in Omaha
and Creston sporting circles. The Cali
fornia authorities have wired that they
will come after film.
FRESNO, Aug. 13.— Charles Ardell.
former manager of the Golden West
saloon, was Involved with Policeman
Tony Rice and Jack Brooks In the killins
of Dan Donnelly in the tenderloin dis
trict here on tne morning of June 27,
1899. Donnelly entered a notorious house
and Quarreled with an inmate. She sum
moned Ardell and Jack Brooks to her
assistance and Donnelly fled through a
window, running down an alley with a
six-shooter in his hand. He was met by
Policeman Tony Rice and upon being
ordered to surrender fired at the ofiicer-
Kice returned the tire, emptying his gun
at Donnelly. He then ordered Brooks to
fire. Donnelly fled and Brooks pursued
him. After they had run two blocks. Ar
dell joined Brooks, who having exhausted
his own lire borrowed Ardell's gun and
fired two more shots. One of them is
supposed to have killed Donnelly, who
was found mortally wounded a few min
utes later. Officer Rice and Brooks were
both tried on charges of murder before
the Superior Court. Brooks was convict
ed ana is now under life sentence. Rice
was acQultted.
\ Ardell afterward helped to rob a man
named Jack Heath and fled. The Grand
Jury Indicted him for murder and rob
bery. Trixy Lewis, one of his accom
plices in the robbery, was arrested here
to-night.-
Ardell was once arrested for train rob
bery with SI Lovern. the latter being
convicted and sentenced to imprisonment
for life.
Death of Kirk C. Ward.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 13.— Kirk C. Ward, a
well known Pacific Coast journalist and
a member of the Mercury staff, died to
night as the result of a stroke of paralysis
one week ago. Mr. Ward had for ten
vears Jbeen connected with various jour-
nals in San Francisco. Prior to that time
he was Identified with Seattle journalism,
being: the founder of the Post, afterward
merged Into the Post-Intelligencer.
Shot by Highwaymen.
NEWTON, Kansas, August 13.— Frank
Prouty of this city was shot and fatally
wounded about 9 o'clock to-night by
highwaymen. The robbers fled. Posses
of citizens are scouring the country .and
bloodhounds have been wired for.
BATTLE WITH BANDITS
IN THE WILD BLACK
AND BLUE COUNTRY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. Aug. 13.
In a battle between a Sheriffs posse
and robbers at Graham, Socorro
County, in this Territory, one of the
robbers was shot and killed and
several members of the posse re
ceived slight wounds.
The bandits have been prowling
around Western Socorro County for
years, as the country 13 rough, wild
and sparsely Inhabited. A few days
ago a party of desperadoes rode up
to the mining company's 1 store at
Graham, a small mining cam" and
robbed the place in broad daylight,
keeping the employes and custom
ers covered with six-shooters. Af
ter securing all the goods and
money they wanted, they backed
out of the store, mounted horses
and flew to their mountain fastness.
The robbery was reported at once
to . Sheriff Blacklnton of Socorro.
and he sent Deputy TV. K. Foster
in pursuit, with the above result.
The spot where the shooting,oc
curred Is In the famous Black and
Blue country, a wide stretch of ter
ritory on both sides of the Xew
Mexico and Arizona border. It was
the rendezvous of the famous Black
Jack gang.
MASON IS M'KINLEY'S
STAUNCH AND TRUE FRIEND
Senator Says He Will Campaign Illi
nois for the Republicans and
Talks of the Boundary.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.-Senator \7. 5.
Mason of Illinois arrived here from Alaska
to-day. He announces his Intention to
support President McKlnley. and In two
weeks will begin campaigning In Illinois.
Senator Mason said In an interview:
There has been a great deal cf talk regard-
Ine my attitude toward the President. Wa
have had oar differences regarding tha man
agr«neat of certain measures of government.
but to me there is no dearer friend on earth
than William McKinley. As a man he is af
fectionate and lovable for his true worth. If
I was in financial trouble to-nleht there Is no
man I wouU rather appeal to than President
McKlnley. Our difference* in political meas
ures will not interfere with my going to worlc
for him, and I want to a 3d that we are goirs?
to carry Illinois for McKinley and Roosevelt.
We are going to make a good job of deadest
u? that lS-to-1 craze.
I have never talked with an American citi
zen who did not say we did not want one inch
of ground that does not belong to us. but they
do say we want every inch we ooueht from
Russia and -we intend to have it. Personally
I am In favor of taitins all we bought and
paid for. and falling in getting It, to take It
all. This may sound strange, but 1 mean It.
Th? claim made by Canada and Great Britain,
to our land. I state as a lawyer 3^*1 i» » citi
zen. U Infamous and impertinent. I h»»e learned
to honor Americans In Alaska. Tbeir husailla
tio:i is ov:r humiliation.
Wh»n these countries mada th*» claim that
the ten marine leacues di,d not begin at tha
coast they knew it was false. Ihty kne-w wa
had sense enough to know it was a false claim,
and their Pauncefot- plan of getting territory
by diplomacy that they could not get by con
quest cannot be made to work la North
America.
Checking the Street Fakers.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 13.-The Board of
Trustees to-night adopted an ordinance
taxing street vaudeville and minstrel per
tormances given in connection with the»
sale of any kind of merchandise. $3) for
license for the first day and $15 for each
succeeding day. The ordinance is intend
ed to benefit the theaters* by lessening
performances by street fakers.
tore through the pasture fence in their
eagerness and ;the rancher's pack of deer
hounds barketl and ¦whined and leaped
upon the backs of the burros and into
the carts in the excess of their exuber
ance. * In a pfen were found two calves
that had gone without nourishment,
¦while the mother cows pawed up the
earth In a great ridge around the barrier
that cut them off from their offspring.
CHAPTER V.
TABLEAU!
No time wac lost In alleviating the dis
tress of the Jiiilmals. Men whose names
are known throughout California were
soon staggering under loads of hay and
grain and wat»r, while ladies better fitted
to preside at ballroom functions raided
the rancher's milkhouse and set forth
pans of bread and milk for the dogs,
cats and chickens. Jf animals remem
ber good deeds the stock on the Ann-
Strong ranch will always treasure up the
memory of one gala day.
The hunger of the dumb brutes havintr
been appeased some one suggested that
the cows ought to be milked and the
party fell to with a will. Charming were
the milkmaids In their summer finery.
The men folk In all the glory of outins
costumes worked heroically as farm
hands. *•_• '
Then the rancher's house was visited.
The doors had been left wide open.
Wrapped in a piece of paper there, was
found in plain view on a shelf nearlv
$80 in coin. The ladies of the party took
charge of the kitchen and larder, while
the gentlemen invaded orchard and hen
house. An hour later all sat down to a
typical mountain repast. Xight had
fallen when the caravan returned to the
hotel, followed by the grateful baying
of the hounds and the mellow low of the
kine.
And so was saved the livestock on
Farmer Armstrong's ranch.
the law had whisked Farmer Armstrong
to the bastile, sat the guests from the
City' by the Golden Gate, enjoying a
siesta. There was the incense of fra
grant tobacco about the men, and there
was a scent of delicate perfume, for there
were ladies in the merry company. Some
one, gossiping idly, related the story of
Farmer Armstrong's seizure. Xow, the
rancher had been kind to the city folk,
and there was an outburst of indignation,
then an animateu discussion.
"I have a joily Idea." suddenly cried a
charming girl in dainty summer costume —
a city society belle.
"Tell u? about it," drawled a gay
youth, attired in Immaculate duck.,
"Let us go up and feed the cows and
horses and chickens on Mountain Ranch,
and care for the house till the farmer
comes back. It'll be such fun," replied
the charming girl. There was a chorus of
assent, and away fluttered the women to
get their hats and sunshades.
CHAPTER IV.
TO THE RESCUE
The sun was still high in the heavens
when there wound up the trail a unique
caravan. Mountain burros, saddle horses
and drags were pressed into service in the
general exodus from the hotel and the en
tire party, marshaled by Mrs. Arthur
Fiske of San Francisco; Mrs. Wertheimer.
wife of the manager of the Geysers, and
Miss Ray Kaiser of Stockton, was soon
tolling up the difficult ascent on its kind
ly errand.
As the rescuers came within sight of the
ranch there arose a preat bedlam of
sound.
Cattle, pigs. dogs, cats and chickens,
almost famished by their three days'
fasting, welcomed with a terrific din of
bellowing and barking, squealing and
cackling the approach of their aristo
cratic deliverers. Hungry kine almost
ZIEGLER NOT ANXIOUS
TO PLEAD GUILTY
Eanta Craz 'Wife-TIurderer Changes
His Hind and the Court Ap- !
points Eis Defenders.
Er^-lei r>i5r>mch to The Ca'.l.
EA2CTA CRUZ. Aug. 13.— There were a
brace of criminals in the Superior Court
this morning.
Arr.os K. Zie^ler, the wife slayer, who
has hitherto refused the services of an
attorncly and who has intimated that he
•would plead guilty to murder, is changing
his tactics. He was brought before the
Bcpertor Court this morning and ar
raigned. The time set for him to plead
was Wednesday morr.ing. Ziegler was
esked If lie had made any efforts or had
Eneans to secure an attorney, and he re
f'.ied in the negative. When asked if he
had s^r.y relatives who wcu!<i do so he
raid: "No, Eir; my relatives are In Phila
delphia. I dcr/t know anything about
them." He said ho would like to have
The court appoint ar attorney. The court
then ar-pointe-i J. H. Leonard. James C.
"W'anzer and Ju-Jge J. H. Locan to defend
him.
Edward Daft, an old Frenchman, who
kept a fruit ar:d candy fte-re. was ar
raiiTTied for attacking a 12-year-old girL
lie will plead on August 23.
Edward Ro.irigucz. a Spanish boy, was
erraigrf-d for burglary. He Is to plead
August 23.
Another stay of proceedings has been
granted unti. Au?r.ft 17 in the Axnaya and
Teshara murder cases.
SUSTAINS CITY LAWS.
Important Decision Regarding a Mu- j
nicipal Election. j
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 13.— Judge Burnett j
cf the Superior Court this morning handed )
6 r >wr. an opinion in the suit of Henry I
Prir.dle to retain the City Recorder's of- j
fice. giving judgment to the plaintiff on j
ti-.e pleadings.
Henry Prindle was Recorder up to the ]
time of the last ejection, when the incum- \
bont. \V. P. Bagley. was elected. Prindle !
•was his opponent at the polls. In the '
BUM of the Slate Princile brought suit to !
> lv« Eagley's election declared illegal j
f • ri :he croend that the polls closed at j
: o'clock, in accordance with the State
law. ir.FT.ead of a-. <; o'clock, as provided
by the city charter. It is this contention,
that th^ closing of the polls at 5 o'clock
¦was illegal, that the court lias sustained
in itf- decision.
This is the nrPt contest ever brought on
the gTour.d? named. Prind'.e himself was j
elected two years aso under precisely»the j
eame conditions hp now alleges to be j
iUeral- The matter will be appealed to
the Supreme Court.
The point of the decision is, of course.
that the city charter must b* followed in
preference to the State law whenever the
city has a duly adopted charter covering j
the matter of elections.
.-..¦_•_-• ¦
T&B&. SLOVINSKI GOES FREE.
Undingr of the Los Aisg-eles Black
mailing Case.
Enerir.l Disratrh to Th- Ca'.l.
LCS ANGELES. Au£. 13.— Upon the rao-
Tion' pf Deputy IM«trict Attorney Cham
ters. Justice Austin this morning 01!=
rr.i£5cd the complaint asair.st Mrs. Slovin-
Fk! charged jointly with her husband,
John M. Slovinxkf; with blackmailing
Canital'st A. Ii. Maincs out of two notes
Jor J15.000. The woman was not in court.
m
San Diego Library Bids Too High.
PAN DIEGO. Aug. 13 —Bids for the new
Carnegie Library of this city, for which
Mr. Carnegie donated $30,000. were opened
this morning by the library trustees on
the accepted design of New archi
tects The lowest bid received was $¦».
£'4 73 over Jls.W) more than the fund do
nated and this doe? not include any in
terior furnishings. The architects guar
/-•<^ed tha' the work could be done on
*•: <ir plans for $tf.000 or they were to re
1 '• ve no pay for them. The matter is now
\'A vz> with the hope that Mr. Carnegie
will increase his donation to cover the
amount required.
Another Claimant for Tanzer's Estate
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 13.— An answer was
£!<--<3 to-day In -he Superior Court to the
rctition fcr l.ntfr? of administration in
Th<- < state of Albert Tar.zer on the part
of Virginia Hut< .-hrs. who alleges she is a
£auxht«?r of Tanzer. The person filing the
enpwer is Aucrust Tanzer. who also claims
to bf an heir. The answer says the woman
Is r.ot the heir of the deceased.
B-oraantic Marriage at Woodland.
j-p*"-iai mrr-at'-ii to The Ca!i.
"WOODLAND. Ai:?. IS.-Sunfiny evening
ilrr. Evangelise Arinstro.is arrived from
Missouri. William A. K. Bridges, a «"a
pay VaiU-y fruit grower, met her at the
SS3PV w ° h " irs later thp y w «" re niar 
rSei in the parlor of tLe Parker House.
£i?£»^"'v'*. . a -?. tl " firrt-wlfe of Mr.
w hrr v?*v ln Missouri. Mrs. Armstrong
J?rM-« ¦ * * t J n<1 the year Previous. Mr.
msU^\l A Ajn-.Mrnng were fcHooI
raf*££&££ff£!* Iorm - r ' 3 removal tc
S325& oorrespendeace.
¦unicn culminated in i heir marriage.
Earthquake at Skajniav.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.-AIaskan advices
et Jf that Skaguay. had an earthquake
August 9, the shock* lasting fully a min
ute. The building, rocked perceVj&y
but co damage was done. tf T l i vc rrr lJ \
SHOOTING AFFRAY
IN THE HILLS OF BUTTE
Eighteen-Year-Old Abner Alexscn
Fatally Wounds Joseph Kosuth
in a How at Magalia.
OROVILLE. Aug. 13.— Abner Alexson, a
lad of IS years, yesterday afternoon at
Magalia phot and fatally wounded Joseph
Ko«uth.
Harry Emerson, a partner of Alexson.
had spoken to Kosuth in Spanish, asking
some question. Kosuth replied that Em
erson could not speak Spanish correctly.
A dispute ensued and Kosuth struck Em
erron twice in the face. Emerson started
to leave the place, when Kosuth raised a
heavy cane and struck him on the back
cf the head. Emerson fell to the floor un
conscious. Kosuth raised his cane to
strike again, when Alexson said, "Stop,
you have done enough."
Kosuth then turned upon Alexson and
tri»*<i to strike him. when Alexson drev."
a revolver and fired three times. Kosuth
still followed him up. when Alexson
turned and ran, pursued a short distance
by the other. Alexson had two shots in
his revolver, but refrained from firing. It
is thought Kosuth will die before morn
ing. Alexson was arrested and brought
here to jail.
KOBE GOLD FEOM ALASKA.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.-The steamer City
of J5eatt!c arrived to-day from Skaguay
wirh 215 pa?scng;pr?, 125 of whom are from
Dawson, and about *200.000 in gold dust.
Near Lake Atlln. sixteen hundred acres
cf ground paid to be rich in nickel ore
has been staked out by the Bank of Hali
fax and Skaguay parties.
George E. Corey has returned here from
a trip through Topkuk and Golovin Bay
districts. He states that while the beach
digeinsrs are v.-orked out some of the
claims are rich and are held at fabulous
I rices. No more claims are to be had In
the district, everything being staked.
Cphir and Melsing Tecks. in the Go'.ovln
Bay district, are turning out well.
A body supposed to be that of Otto Nel
pon was found on the Daltnn trail by Chil
kat Indians about a week ago. Xelson
wasa partner of George Metcalf. who was
killed some weeks ago. and the authori
ties are incline! to place both deaths at
the door of the Indians.
Dies of the Shock.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call.
, WOODLAND. Aug. 13.— A few days ago
Mrs. Harriet Roberson. 70 years of a?e,
fell from the porch of her residence in
Davisville and fractured the thigh bone.
Fhe never rallied from the shock and died
on Sunday. , .---.. .„.,.• ;.
I/ieutenant Pedlar's Preferment.
Special Diyratch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Aug. 13.— The Woodland
friends of Lieutenant Lyle Pedlar, who
several months ago enlisted in the regu
lar army in Manila, have been informed
that he has been appointed Military Gov
ernor of one of the many small Islands
in the Philippine archipelago.
Fears for Safety of the Bertha.
SAX DIEGO. Aug. 13.— Some anxiety is
felt for the safety of the German ship
Bertha, bound from Hamburg for this
port and thence to Puget Sound. The
Bctha is now 162 days out. She was due
a fortnight ago. She has a cargo of
cement.
FARMER GOES GUNNING
FOR THE MEN WHO FLIRT
WITH HIS DAUGHTERS
Fp»ial Dlfpateh to The Cail.
FRESNO, Aug. 13.-^Tohn B. Fon
taine, who was arrested at Selma
Sunday afternoon for firing three
shots at a young man named Jos
eph Eldcidge. was released on bail
shortly after he had been taken
into custody. It was found that
Eldridge had sustained merely a
flesh wound. Fontaine will prob
ably be prosecuted for assault with
a deadly weapon.
It appears that the shooting was
the result of a mistake on the part
of Fontaine. Eldridge was a new
comer in the neighborhood, but was
riding with two young farmers-
Thomas Clayton and a man named
Myers. Fontaine had frequently
.S-een Clayton and Myers wave their
hands at his daughters while pass-
Ing his residence and had warned
them not to repeat the perform
ance. Sunday evening they passed
hi? place with Eldridge and again
waved their hands. Fontaine was
deaf and could not hear what was
said, but he Imagined his daughters
had been insulted and pursued the
men. Clayton and Myers Jumped
from the- rig and ran across a field,
leaving Eldridge to' cope with the
father. The old man mistook the
Innocent stranger for ' one " of " the
offenders and began firing at him.
CHAPTEB I.
MISFORTUNE.
CHAPTER II.
THE GEYSERS, Aug. 13.— John
Armstrong, farmer, was arrested
last week near here on a charge
of grand larceny brought by his
son-in-law, Charles E. Truitt.
Truitt eloped with Armstrong's daughter
several years ago. and a feud has existed
between the men since then, one result of
which is Armstrong's arrest. The officer
who arrested the farmer was inexorable
in his capacity as a minion of the law,
and when he found Armstrong he prompt
ly took him to Healdsburg jail, deaf to the
latter's pleadings to be allowed to care
for his stock or lock up his home. So the
cattle and the horses, the hens and the
geese, the dogs and all dumb creatures
on the place, were left to starve, and the
house was left at the mercy of any va
grant who should chance to stroll that
way. -v.
THE DESERTED RANCH.
On the Armstrong ranch, a garden spot
in the hills two miles from the. Geysers,
when the sun arose on tha next dav, there
came mournful sounds— the baying of
hounds, lowing of cattle, neighing of
horses and the shrill cries of fowl. They
wanted to be fed, but their sun-browned
master did not come. Through the open
door of the house the wind swept riot
ously. ¦
CHAPTER in.
PLOT OF SYMPATHIZERS
On the shady veranda of a hotel at
the Geyser?, two days after the hand of
flN IDYL OF SONOMA HILLS.
The chase of Murderer J. E. King is one of the most remarkable of
man hunts. For thres weeks numerous posses have been on the trail of
the fugitive and they tracked him from Two Rocks Vallsy, over in
Marin County, to the Oregon line, the trail leading through the roughest
of mountainous country. One by one the posses, vrorn out by hardships,
have abandoned the chase. But one man has clung to the trail — SneriiT
Taylor cf Marin County. Tireless and determined he has out-traveled
all his posses, and while others have fallen back discouraged he has al
ways led the van. The Sheriff has gone to Yreka and will strika
across the country to head off his quarry, who is reported to be nearir.g
the Oregon line.
Special Dispatch to Th© Call
I Thursday in pursuit of J. E. King, tha
REDDIXG. Aug." 13.— Sheriff Taylor
of Marin County continues his
untiring pursuit of murderer J.
E. King. About a week ago the
Sheriff passed through this city
en route to Trinity County in his
efforts to head off the fugitive, who was
reported to have entered the southern
part of Trinity County from Mendocino
County. He visited almost every section
of Trinity County during the past week,
but without apparent results.
Last evening the sheriff came down
from Weaverville and without entering
this citv took the northbound train at
Middle Creek, a small station three miles
north of here. He went to Yreka and
from there will start for the Salmon River
country, in the western part of Siskiyou
County. The murderer's companion and
guide, an Indian named Carter, is thor
oughly familiar with the entire Salmon
River section and it is believed that they
will pass through that country in their
journey, the objective point of which 1*
supposed to be Southern Oregon. Sheriff
Taylor believes that he is on the right
trail, notwithstanding that the posses are
still scouring the hills and valleys of
Mendocino County. If he is on the right
track he must be giving the fugitives a
close chase, as he has been untiring in
his pursuit, and they must have been
constantly on the move to escape him.
The country into which the Sheriff is
about to continue the pursuit is very rug
ged and sparsely settled. Travel on any
but the beaten trails is almost impossible
and the presence of strangers is quickly
noticed by the miners and stockmen.
These points should prove of assistance to
the pursuer if the fugitives are traveling
northward. '-'¦.
ZACARINI GIVES UP.
One of the Man Hunters Says King
Is Too Far Ahead.
Sp-cial Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. Aug. 13.— One of Sheriff Tay
lor's tracking party that left here last
slayer of S. H. Church, returned this af
ternoon, having abandoned the chase for
the present, and will await developments.
Gus Zacarini, the leader of the return
ing posse, furnishes strong evidence in,
support of the fact that King pa33»-l
; through Covelo and was seen by many
| mountaineers In Mendocino and Trirrity
i counties. Zacarini had a photograph of
King and it was r-adily identified by
; many ranchers in the hills as that of a
man who had calted there for food six
days previous. Zacarini states that ho
> could not get any traco of the half-breed
Indian and that all those who had seen,
King declared he was alone and traveling
afoot. He had nothing but a six-shooter
in the way of arms. King in some in
stances would feign semi-foolish antics
in asking- for food and in one case as
sumed the role of a deaf and dumb mute.
making his wants known by signs.
Zacarini's reason for returning from
the trail seems justifiable. Ho declares
he was over five days behind King at
every point and could not hope to regain
any time, as Kins was making faster
time afoot than the posse. It is believed
that the half-breed Indian has both
horses, and when the fugitives touched
the Hoopa Valley Indian reservation the
half-breed drifted in and mingled with
the bands of Indians and half-breeds
thereabouts. The route taken by Kins
leads directly into Oregon and the mur
derer has taken care not to follow a sin
gle highway or telegraph or telephone
route, and if Sheriff Taylor does not In
tercept him King will get tlu"oue;h Into
Oregon, near which State he surely must
be by this time. Taylor's returning pos3e.
under the leadership of Deputy Zacarini.
covered over three hundred miles in five
days" trailing- It is quite possible that
should Taylor push on to Covelo without
his man another posse will be organized
to follow the fugitive into- Oregon.
Advices received late to-night say that
Sheriff B^rgln is on the track of King
at Hayfork, or South Trinity, but they
are five days behind, him.
Fugitive Majislauer Is Believed to Be in the Moun
tains of Northern Trinity Countu, Running
for the Oregon Line.
Wonderful Endurance and Energu of the
"Plucku Sheriff From Marin Who Is
Leading* the Van of Posses.
TAYLOR'S ACTIVE HUNT
FOR MURDERER KING
A taie of mystery comes from the wildernsss that lies to the
north cf Pike River, in British North American dominions, an inves
tig:at:on cf which may reveal a tale of massacre by Indians unparal-'
leled xn Alsskan lore. A party of surveyors recently found in the path
less forests a deserted logging camp, well equipped and well provi
sioned, and a sawmill ready for operations. There was not a living soul
in the camp. Scattered about were the skeletons of many horses, with
the packs intact. The belief is that a party of Indians descended upon
the camp, killed all the men and carried away ths bodies.
Epec'.al Dispatch to The Cat!
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 13-
Frederick Clem, who arrived from
Atlin to-day, brings news of what
eppears to be another wholesale
murder committed by the Indiafts
of the northern wilds.
The telegraph survey party under J. B.
Charleson recently came upon a most
Ehastly find. They discovered a large.,
•well-provisioned camp, with the best ar
ranged equipment, but deserted. It had
been left apparently without a moment's
notice, as everything was in Its place.
The theory If that the owners of the carr.p
*rere murdered by Indians and t.ieir
bodies taken away. The find was made
about forty miles off an old trail whicil
the Indians had been using for years.
The trail poes up Pike River to an old
Indian mission, then down the Taku River
to the inlet leading to Juneau. That was
the road by which the former occupant 1 ?
of the camp must have come.
Twelve dead horses were almost
stumbled over by the men chopping out
the line. These horsc-s or what had been
the horses, were fully packed, they being
mere skeletons a.nd the packs being intact.
Searching further the men found a saw
mill in an almost perfect state of preser
vation. The machinery and boiler were
comparatively r.™ and the turn-wheels
arid belting- locked as if they could be set
In motion at a touch of the engineer's
hard. Around the sawmill a number of
Cabins were placed, which, upon beins
searched, were found to be well stocked
with groceries. There was all the usu;tl
run of logging: provisions, besides a good
supply of overalls, axes, saw files, grind
stones, etc.. and even the glass in most
of the windows was intact. From the fact
thai the horses were practically skeleton."
it is surmised that the animals must have
been dead between two and three years.
The Indians have for years been using
the trail route above indicated, proing
down to Juneau in four or fivt dayj.
Thfre :s* no absolute certainty, but ap
pearances indicate that the men who
formed the abandoned settlement must
have b"tn murderci. ' They may. how
ever, havo lost the trail and concluding
it was useless to start out with the
horses, left the Jatter to their fate. There
were slight evidences of blazing and
n~.arkir.g- on the trees, so that they may
have intended to come back, but the blaz
ing gots in different directions and the
mt-n may have taken different courses
when they decided to desert the camp.
Th» camp was in a marshy bottom,
though in winter time, when the ground
was frozen, horses and other animals
could walk on it. If they were there in
the spring the marsh mieht have become
so boggy as to prevent horses from mov
ing, but the leaving of ail the provisions,
just as if the owners had been spirited
away without a moment's warning. 13
the mystery that so far none have been
able to solve. There is no clew as to
who the unfortunate people were.
Belief That Indians Surprised the White Men anj,
After Slaying Them, Carried the Bolies Awau
to Cover All Traces of the Massacre-
Discoverg of a Deserted Camp in the Wil
derness North of the Pike River
in British Dominions.
MYSTERIOUS THE FATE
OF UNKNOWN LOGGERS
THE DESERTED MOUNTAIN FARM
OR, SOCIETY FOLK AS RANCHERS
THE SAN IHiA^CISCO CALL, TDTESDAY, AUGUST 14, 19OO.
INCIDENTS ON MOUNTAIN RANCH.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jan. Feb. Mar.
April May June
Every Month
In the year most women have to suf-
fer for a week. At the best this suf-
fering interferes with household ac-
tivities and social enjoyments. At
the worst it shuts the woman in a
darkened room or confines her to
bed. Most women can be complete-
ly cured of irregularity by the use
of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.
It regulates the periods, stops en-
feebling drains and cures female
weakness.
"All praise Is due to you for yxtar wonder-
ful ' Favorite Prescription.*" write3 Mr. John
W. Coffman, Elllsburjj, Casey C(X. Ky. ¦ My
wife suffered with female irregnlanty; wa3
confined to bed every three weeks. After
csin? two bcttles of Dr. Pierce'9 Favorite
Prescription was cured, and ban not suf-
fered anv derangement since. Your 'Fa-*
vorite Prescription ' is a boon for delicate
women."
Favorite Prescription
HaKes weak women siroeg,
sick woi&cfl wen.
July Aug. Sep.
Oct. Nov. DecLong Wins.
.: GLASGOW.'Aug. 13.— M. W. Long won
the 220-yard handicap in the v Celtic Club
sports here • to-day. ¦ Tewksbury •'-. broke
down in the 100-yard dash.
BUFFALO, Aug. 13.— Rube Ferns of
Kansas City defeated Eddie Connelly "of
New Brunswick to-night before the Olym
pic Club. Connelly's second threw up the
sponge in the fifteenth round.
Eddie Connelly Defeated.
May Move on Russia.
LONDON,- Aug. 13.— A news agency
dispatch . from Lahor.e, PunJab.Jsays that
the Ameer of Afghanistan , Is r mobilizing:
forces of. infantry:, and -artillery and that
it . is reported an atfvance on " the Russian
frontier is contemplated. ; It Is added-that
the news is not fully . credited at Lahore,
though it' is I. explained the 'Ameer's be
havior has been causing some uneasiness
in official circles.' -vsr* j«*.~r- ;¦- ••--•* t ..•"•
Implore the Governor; to Give Them
Food or a Chance to
Earn It.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright,. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. '
SAN JUAN.; Porto Rico, Aug. 13.— Two
hundred starving natives appeared before
the Governor this ' morning. - They ; had
walked from San . Lorenzo. They begged
the Governor for bread or a chance to
work to earn it.' :
He promised them employment on pub
lic ¦ roads. Other delegations of hungry
Islanders seeking sustenance or means of
obtaining it are due.
PORTO RICANS ARE ¦
BEGGING FOR BREAD
SANTIAGO; DE CUBA; -Aug.- 13.-Pare
ji ta, the well-known bandit, was shot and
killed to-day, at Palma" ' Sorito, twenty
miles from Santiago, by a corporal of the
rural guard. This outlaw has been terror
izing- the* country for -several years. He I
has committed numerous murders.- -¦- 1
Noted Bandit ' Slain. .
MUNCIE, Ind:; Aug. : 13.— A frightful ex
plosion of nitro-glycerin occurred to-day
three miles east of Montpelier. -The Galth
wait nitro-glycerln factory was demol
ished and two men Injured. Claude Jones'
right leg was so badly 'injured that am
putation will be. necessary. AJbert Hayes
was badly injured by the shock. There
were 1500 quarts of the stuff, in the ex
plosion and the cotmtry was. shaken for
miles around.. ..- - .; _: ".,." .- . , -
Nitro-Glycerin Explodes.
DENISON, Tex., Aug. . 13.— The full
blood Creek Indians refuse, to take their
allotments and have withdrawn from the
regular Creek government. They have
established a pure Indian government of
their own with Chinnu;,i e 5 HaTfo at
head.-. No white persons or half-breeds
will be permitted to live with full -bloods
and the full-bloods . will keep to the° m !
selves _ and away from settlements where
the others ive. The government is to be
run according to the ancient law of the
tribe. .The Seminoles are disposed 'to
make the same move. It is not thought
that ¦ the United States Government will
attempt to prevent the new government
being put into operation, but. If it Som
the Indians are expected to sell ther
lands and remove to Mexico, negotiations
looking to a movement of that kind hav
ing been under way, for some time ¦
From Whites and Half -Breeds
Full Bloods Decide to Live Apart
CREEK INDIANS DISAGREE.
The entries in the trotting events for
the San Francisco arid San' Mateo fair
will be closed to-day. The great stallion
stake has been scheduled for October 1.
Entries Will Be Closed.
POLAND SPRINGS. Me.. Aug. 13.—Har
ry Vardon, the English golfer, to-day in
his match on the links here beat A. H.
Fenn. the professional, seven" up and six
to play. On doing so he beat the nine-hole
links' record of 77 by Fenn. making it 72.
In his afternoon play Vardon went twice
around in 36 for each nine holes.
DENVER, Aug. 13.— Jack Jeffries of
California >wid Billy Stift of Chicago
fought ten rounds to a draw to-nisht be
fore the Olympic Club.' Honors were even
in the first round, but in the second Jef
fries was downed four times by right
swings to the jaw and was only saved by
the gong. He rallied In the third round,
however, and evened matters up in the
succeeding rounds and in the tenth he
downed Stift for the count, but was un
able to put him out. One thousand people
witnessed the fight. In the preliminaries
Kid Maynard of San- Francisco knocked
out Jimmy Carney of California after
three rounds of hot lighting.
Vardon Breaks a Record.
Jeffries-Stift Fight a Draw.
Negro Lynched.
CORINTH. Miss.. Aug. 13.-Jack Betts.
a negro, was lynched this morning. He is
Bald to have assaulted a 10-year-old white
girl in the county Sunday morning. A
mob took him from jail and hanged him
to a telegraph pole in tbe public square.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— John> G. Woolley,
candidate for President on theProhibition
ticket. Is suffering from a painful Injury
to one of his shoulders, the result of fall
ing: downstairs at £1? home to-day. He
•was starting down the steps from the
third floor when his foot slipped and he
fell headlong. Mr. Woolley expects to be
able to po to Missouri on Wednesday
night to fill wine engagements to speak.
John G. Woolley Injured.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Three employes
cf the New York Steam Heating' Company
were killed this morning by the explosion
of a Cft«en-tnch pipe elbow. They are
Frank Slierrfck of ier^ey City and George
Jenkins and Edward lirown (colored) of
this city. Jenkins and Brawn tried to
crawl out but were overconje and suffo
cated. Bhprrick was on the second floorin
the flreroom, and was also suffocated by
the steam. Others, seriously Injured were
Ff-nt home. \V. J. David, the engineer
was arrested.
THEEE MEN KILLED.
The American delegates are well repre
sented on the committees. Dr. De.itr.
formerly <rf^Syracuse, but now of Johan
nesburg. Ss a conspicuous number of tho
congress.
An open-air meeting for the 'evangeliza
tion of Jews was held in front of tha
established church n-.ar Queen's Hal'',
WberC the Zionist Congress is assembled,
and tiome of the Zionist delegates and
Jews who were not members of the con
prt-FS gathered about the church and
hooted and threw pennies in dertelon at
the Fneaki-rs. Zionirt delegates wearing
badges ran out from Queen's Hall and
urged the Jfws not to Interfere and,*be
tolerant to others as thpy wished toltra
lion themselv<s. Eventually the crowd
numK-rinff about 1000 persons, was dis
persed, partially through the efforts of txi«
police. • ¦
I-OKDOX, Aug. 13.— Th<> Fourth Zionist
CongTeps was opened to-day with five
hundred delegates present. After organ
izing Professor Max Nordau, reviewing
the situation, gave an appalling account
Of persecution In Rnumania and paid a
tribute to Emperor William of Germany
for his attitude toward the Jews of Prus
sia and East* Prussia.
Attack Made on Speakers at an Open-
Air Keeting for the Evangeli
zation of Jews.
CONGRESS OF ZIONISTS
OPENS IN LONDON
The Chinese began to write books be
fore they migrated from the region south
of the Caspian Sea. '¦
To-morrow's programme will include an
exhibition tennis game between George F.
Whitney, the coast champion, and Joe
Daily, the well-known professional: the
continuation of the ladies' golf tournament
and a polo match between teams composed
of the following players: J. S. Tobin, O.
Tobin, J. Tobin Jr. and Mr. Parsons vs.
Mr. Lawson, C. Tobin, Raoul Duval and
Mr. Flowers.
Charles B. Talbot.
TACOMA, Aug. M-Charles B. Talbot,
B- prominent civil and mechanical en-
Einrer of the coast, died here this morn
ing.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.-Philip H. Mor
gan, ex-Minister to Mexico, died in this
city to-day, To years.
Philip H. Morgan.
FRESNO. Aug. 13.— Isaac Newton Hyde
<5ied this morning after a long illness from
erysipelas. H: had been in this county
fincc I860 and was once prominent polit
ically. He wp.13 largely interested in oil
lands on the west bide.
Isaac Newton Hyde.
C/he &aij*s £)ead
Jack Moffatt Has Arrived.
Jack Moffatt, who ¦ is to meet i Tommy
Ryan next month before the National
Athletic Club, arrived here last night. He
brought with him Jack Kelly, a 158-pound
man who has ability. He will train with
Moffatt, who will begin work to-morrow.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 13.— Pittsburg had New
York beaten' to a standstill until the eighth,
when O'Brien's wild throw filled second and
third bases. Smith's hit scored two runs and
Hickman's home run brought in the other two.
Selbach's home run scored the two in ths ninth.
Attendance, 27W. Score:
It. H. E.
Pittsbimr 4 .7 1
New York ••••••¦ 7 10 2
Batteries— Phillip! and O'Connor; Carrick and
Bowerman. Umpire— O' Day.
American League Games. /
DETROIT, Aug. 13.— Detroit, - 3; Indianap-
CLfA'ELAND. Aug. 13.— Cleveland, 8r Buf
falo, 7. .. ••¦"••''-;';'-
MINEOLA WINS.
- — ~ — '
Good Racing on the Vineyard Sound
Lightship Course.
NEWPORT, R. I., Auff. 13.— August Bel
mont's seventy-foot sloop Mineola finished
first to-day in one of the best races ever
sailed over the Vineyard Sound lightship
course, of thirty-eight mile*. She won the
$500 Astor cup tor sloops by a margin of
one minute six seconds. Cornelius Van
derbilfs Rainbow was the second boat.
Lewis Ledyard, the commodore ' of the
New York Yacht Club, with his yacht Co
rona (formerly the cup defender Colonia)
won the $1000 gold cup offered by John
Jacob Astor for schooners. H. F. Lippitt's
schooner Qulzetta finished thirty-two min
utes after the Corona. Rear Commodore
Robinson's special cup for the flfty-one
foot class was won by the Shark, and the
cup offered '¦ by Harry < Redmond, owner of
the Syce, was won by the Isolde.
Cincinnati • « 11
Brooklyn ,0 & °
Batteries— Phillips and Kalice; Kltson and
HcGuire. Umpire — Emslie.
in • • is i
St. Louis JO 2 J
Philadelphia 3 8
Batteries— Powell and Robinson; Piatt and
Murphy. Umpire— Terr>\_
CINCINNATI. Aug. IS.— Phillips was invin
cible to-day and the visitors were shut out.
A double, a pass, a hit and Beckley's home
run Kave the locals four runs In the fifth. At
tendance. £00. Score: ' . ¦
Pitcher Piatt all over the lot. Powell was in
magnificent form. He slowed up ! in the ninth
and allowed 'the visitors to make three ot their
eieht hits in this inning. Attendance, 700.
SCOrC: R. H, K,
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 13.— St. Louis pounded
Chicago 6 9 4
Boston - 4 6 4
Batteries — Garvln and Donahue; Nichols and
Sullivan. Umpire— Hurst.
Chicago 7 10 0
Boston 1 9 2
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Willis and
Clarke. Umpires— Nichols, Sunningham and
Hurst. I
Second came: r HE
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Chtca?o took both games
from Boston to-day. CaDtatn Duffy lost the
first, muffing an easy fly with men on second
find third and two outa. Willis then 'gave three
bases and v.as hit for a Ions single, five runs
rfsulting. Garvin's wild throw gave Boston
three runs at the start of the second, a double
and two single-?, the other. Chicago scored
three on a gift, a double, a triple and a passed
ball, g-HtinK three mere on Tour sinprks, an
error, a passed ball. Long's great fielding in
both games was the feature. Attendance, 58CO.
Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Clubs— •¦ W.'L'.TTt-t'rfGluhs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn' .1.54 .'33 .620! Boston .43 47 .47S
PlttsburK ...H 41 .540iSt. Louis ....40 46 .465
Philadelphia 47 41 .£33; Cincinnati ..40 50 .414
Chicago 46 44 ,511'Xfew York.. .35 43 .416
OORRECr-eTAXDINO. OF-THE CLUBS.
Over the Field and Easily Ds
feats Philadelphia, i
St. Louis Pounds Pitcher Piatt All
CHICAGO TAKES TWO
GAMES FROM BOSTON
Wednesday Coursing at Union Park
Will Bring High Class Dogs
* Together.
The .midweek coursing of .the "Union
Park Association will; consist of. but one
day's running, which will bo. held on
Wednesday. The. drawing which took
place at Pythian Castle last night showa
a. great number of futurity candidates tn
the list. The drawing is as follows:
Pasha Kennel^ Rich Allowance v?. Dr.
Clark's Tony Gold; J. J. "Warren's 'Winsome
\* mow vs. j. L.. Hops' Doris; F. Shou's Smug
gler vs. George Sharman's St. Ives; R. L. Tay
lor's Sir Van vs. George Shnrman's May Law
rence; Curtis & Rons' Kibosh vs. W. . I). Mur
phy's Crawford Lufs; J.'Maher'p Lyddite vs.
Condray & Hoss" Nightingale; R. K. de B.
Lopez & Sons' _ WarreEO vs. Curtis &
Sons' KosFinante; Pasha Kennels' Rose
Attwood vs\ P. O'Dowd's Cascade; P.
J. Reilly's Moonbright vs. George Shar
man's Annie Lawrence; P. SteinhofT's Veto
vs. F. Jones' Lavlnlari; Dr. Clark's Glen
roy vs. J. Manor's Emma M; J. Maher's Linton
vs. L. F. Bartel's Biddy's Banshee; Pasha Ken
nels' Roundabout vs. T. J. Cronin's Thorndale:
P. J. Reilly's Karly Dawn vs Condray &
Rought's La Belle; F. Jones' Wedfrewood vs.
Frank McComb's Storm King; R. L,. Taylor's
Brilliant Beauty vs. Pasha Kennels' Roya!
Alameda; Russell, Wilson & Allen's Tony
Bowers vs. F. Robbin's Coronado; . Curtis &
Sons' Charia V3. John Dempsey'o Jlncle Ee'ls;
J. L. Uoss' WaulouKh vs. George Sharman's
St. Valentine; L. F. Barter? Bridget Blarney
vs. R. K. do B. Lor<?z & Sons' Dairymaid; Rus
soll, Wilson & Allen's Wedding Bells vs. OeorRe
WattBon's VI Fl: T. JJ Cronin's ThornhiU vs.
R. L. Taylor's For Beauty; J. P. Thrift's Ty
rone Prince vs. Oecrge McDougal's Dandalo; J.
Byrne's Master Bly vs. A. L. Austin's Norah
Lawrence; J. L. Ross' Jessica vp. R. L. Tay
lor'B Freedom's Banner: T. J. Cronin's Dalsy
Dale vs. Sterle & Knowle's Fogsv Day; R. E.
de B. Lopez & Sons' Wanisal vs. H. A. Deckle
man's Le Roy; J. M. Halten's Tic Tac vs. Cap
tain Clerkson's Headwater; A. L. Austin's Los
Angeles vs. Pasha Kennel's Reaching After:
R. E. <ie B. Lopez & Sons' Wombert vs. Cur
tis & Sons' Psyche; Condray & Roueht's Fly-
Ing Daisy vs. Condray & Rought's Homeward
Bound.
FUTURITY CANDIDATES TO
HAVE A GOOD TRY-OUT
here last week are believed to be James
and Tom Jones, Missouri and Texas des
peradoes. There Ira reward of $3000 in
Missouri and 11500 in Texas for the Jon»a
brpthers. dead or alive. Word from
Springfield, Mo.; • says the description of
the robbers fits that of two men who
were raised in Dallas County. Missouri,
and who after leading lives of desperadoes
in that State went to Texas and* plied
their business. The body of the taller
man will be exhumed to see If it bears
marks that one of the brothers Is known
to. have had.
Identity of Train-Robbers.
GOODLAND, Kans., Aug. 13.—The two
Union Pacific train robbers killed near
miles from this city turns out to have
teen more serious than was anticipated.
It now appears that twelve persons were
killed and forty wounded, of whom fifteen
are seriously injured.
The police have ordered the 'arrest of
two men for neglecting to make the regu
lation signals to stop the second portion
of the. train. The entire press speaks of
the courage of the King In going alone
among his people in order to -succor the
victims of tne accident and in driving in
a simple cab with the Queen, thus show
ing, as one Journal puts it. "the firmness
:;nd coolness in conformity with the tra
ditions of the house of Savoy." The popu
lation is enthusiastic over the conduct of
the sovereigns.
Wreck.
ROME. Aug. 13.— The railroad accident
which occurred about midnight twelve.
Praised for His Courage in Succoring
Victims of the Railroad
ITALY'S NEW KING
PLEASES THE PEOPLE
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 13.— John W. ¦ Whalen,
in whose hail the Eastern-avenue division
of the Etreet-railway strikers have their
headquarters, was arrested at noon to
day and this afternoon was "sweated" by
Chief of Detectives Desmond in order to
learn the details of Saturday night's dy
namite explosion. It is thought to be the
theory of the police that the dynamite
plots were hatched in Whalen's hall and
that Whclen had knowledge of them.
General Manager Baumhoff of the St.
Louis Transit Company said to-day: I
am sorry that the newspapers learned of
the arrest of these men yesterday. "We
had been watching them for some time,
and if nothing had been published we
would likely have bagged about ten more
of them in" a short time."
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney John
son, in conference with Attorney Chester
H. Crum of the St. Louis Transit Com
pany, this afternoon, decided that the al
i legcd dynamiters should be prosecuted
under the statute prohibiting the placing
of* obstructions on the tracks of railway
companies. .The extreme penalty is twen
ty years', imprisonment.
by Police.
Proprietor of Whalen's Kail in St.
Louis Arrested and "Sweated"
BELIEVED TO KNOW OF
THE DYNAMITE PLOT
McXinley artd Several Euro
pean Monarchs.
Special , D'.spatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 33.— Progresso Italio
Americano, edited by C. Barstl, which,
since the assassination of King Humbert,
has been attacking Consul General. Bran
chl for not warning- the Italian Govern
ment of the plot against the King's life,
published to-day a tm-called "confession
of a repentant anarchist .".with no, guar
antee of its genuineness "and with" ques
tion-mark besides. Tiie confession is in
the form of a letter to the editor by one
C. Luigi Alpero, who csserts he is a na
tive of Ancoria, came to this country in
1SS7 and is now hiding in New York to
escape death at the hands of anarchists.
He says, in substance, that he was
drawn into the Paterson anarchist society
and when he found out its objects did not
dare leave the society for fear of his
life: that on May 1 this year lots were
drawn to decide who the assassin should
be. The first fell to Gaetano Bressi to
kill the King of Italy; the second fell to
one Arturo Clovanelli. whose victim was
to be President McKinley; three others,
¦whose names the informer declines to
give, were to murder the Emperor of
Germany, the Emperor of Austria and
President Loubet of France. He declares,
however, that the Federal authorities
have already received all this information
from him.
He furthermore asserts that Consul
General Branchl was notified on May 16
that it had been decided that King Hum
bert should be killed by the hand of Gae
tano Bressi.
Says Plots" Existed to Kill President
ALLEGED CONFESSION OF
A REPENTANT ANARCHIST
R. T. COHN OF THE COMMITTEE OP ARRANGEMENTS OF SACRA
• MENTO PARLOR NO. 3.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 13.— Sacramento .Parlor No. 3 will take a prominent
part in the Admission day celebration. For nearly a year a committee of
Sacramento Parlor, comprising Clarence M. Hunt (chairman), J. C. Ing
Jr. (vice chairman), R. Grant Potter (secretary), j J. M. Henderson Jr.
(treasurer), R. T. Cohn, S. I. Hopkins, T. W. McAullffe, C. D. Crowell, C. G.
Battelle. E. S. Elkus, AV. J. Fetherston, T. A. Cody. G. A. Burns. Abe Moose
and J. M; Robbins has been meeting efl-ch week and arranging the details for
its participation.
The parlor has secured as headquarters the entire; Turner Hall, 323 Turk
street, and there also will be quartered as guests: Califia and Seattle parlors
of Native Daughters of this city. Granite Parlor of Native Sons of Folsom and
Courtland Parlor of Native Sons.
The parlor, escorted by the Native Sons' band of | thirty pieces, will leave
Sacramento for San Francisco on Sunday, September 9. The uniform adopted
by the members consists of white outing hats, navy blue, double breasted coats
and duck trousers. The parlor will also take its jeweled banner, presented by
Califia Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden West, hi 1S95, mounted on bicy
cle wheels; its silken banner, presented November 11, 1SS1, by subscriptions of
various persons and firms of the city, and a new stand of colors.
Monday afternoon, September 10, "open house" will be maintained at the
headquarters, and in the eVenlng of that day a grand ball will be given.
Mrs. Ema Gett, grand president of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, will have a place of honor in the Sacramento Parlor section of the pa
rade.
A yacht was bought, a trip to Europe
planned, bridal presents ordered, and yet
the old marriage ¦was not dissolved. The
daring speculator, the chief of tin-plate
barons, tent $l.)00,000 to his wife, who was
living at the Virginia Hotel, waiting for
the acceptance she knew would come.
Vhis was July 31. On August 1, at 11
o'clock in the morning, the bill for divorce
vas tiled. Half an hour after the filing
Of the bill a decree was granted. This
evening Mrs. Leeds, the tirst, left Chi
cago for the East. She Is going to Eu
rope with her boy. Leeds and his Cleve
land bride are due in Paris In October.
His former wife will be there and she
is curious to see her successor.
Leeds bought his second wife a pearl
nr-cklace worth J65.000. He presented her
with paintings valued at J1'X\OOO. His own
portrait, from the brush of a European
artist, cost S1S.0O0. The buttons on her
yachting suit are diamond studded. Her
winter coat is of ermine. The tin king
al*n bought her a yacht.
His total expenditures on his bride were
C00.000. The marriage cost him $1,500,000,
according to the figures given out. His
friends eay he is worth $50,000,000.
He threatened to go into court himself
for a divorce and Mrs. Leeds smiled and
eaid "Go," but he did not go. For five
years he had not lived with his wife. Why
they separated is a secret both have kept.
The first Mrs. Leeds was approached by
her husband a month ago and asked her
u. name a cash consideration to release
him. She said, the story goes, $1,000,000
was not too much for a man to pay who
wanted to marry a woman half his age.
Leeds seemed to think second love was
rated at a high figure. He tried to ""bear"
the price. Mrs. Leeds declined to
dicker. The young divorcee of Cleveland
v.as growing Impatient and threatened to
drop her wooer if he did not make haste
to wed her before the yachting' season
was over.
CHICAGO. Apg. 13.— The gift of William
Bateman Leeds, the tin-plate trust mag
nate, formecy of Chicago, of a mag
nificent Btring of jeweled presents to his
bride In Cleveland was not the most
costly part of his second marriage. To ob
tain freedom from his former wife to
marry Xannie May Stewart he is said
to have given Jeannette Irene Leeds
Ji.QOO.ooo in bonds and stocks. Former
Mrs. Leeds knew her husband was en
gaged to the dashing divorcee of Cleve
land, but to his entreaties that he bo freed
irom vows he assumed seventeen years
ago In the little Indiana town the first
Mrs. Leeds replied with a sneer and a
smile. - , :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
How -W. B. Leeds Induced
His Wife to Sue for
Divorce.. .
> —
Tin-Plae Magnate Wished to Marry
a Young Woman and His
Spouse Forced Him to
Submit to Terms.
PAID A MILLION
FOR SEVERING OF
MARITAL TIES
-ITEAV YORK, Aug. 13.— William Stein
11 itz, for twenty-two years champion
)l| chef? player of the world, died
I \ yesterday in the Manhattan Suite
x * Hospital for the insane, aged 63
years. His mind had been failing for sev
eral years, and last year it was found
neccssp.rv to confine him. His family is
destitute" cxc<pt for a small fund raised
by newspaper! and chess clubs.
William Suinitz was born at Prague,
Bohemia, on May T, 1!>36. His early t-du
cation was received in that city and he
tubf-equently attended the Polytechnic
School at Vienna. He was without ques
tion the mopt thorough and noted chess
plaver of his generation and perhaps the
Cvofld has ever known. His comprehen-
Fion of the possibilities of the game was
surpassingly wonderful, and his quickness
in planning ; nd rushing to execution a
"coup «Je grace" was more than phenome
..His first attempt at chess playing was
With the local players at Prague, and. re
ceivinginstructioris frornHampe and Jenai.
he took prizes in the local tournaments
at Vienna ot !><¦?. 1SCO and 1*61. In 1S«2 j
he attended the London international |
ches? tournament, but only succeeded in j
raininer the sixth prize. In the following |
\ear, "however, he defeated Mr. Black-.
burn in a match. In 1S6T. he succumbed.!
to l>e Vere. to whom he had given odds ¦
ot pawn and move. In 1SGG he played the |
famous Anderson, whom he defeated, i
Since then his career has been one of I
almost ualverM] success. | In 1S72 ho met j
r.nd defeated Bird. Blackburn and Zuker
tort in a serirp «f matches. In the inter
jiational tournament af Baden he pained
the second prize. Anderson the
first In the London tournament of 1ST2
ifieinit^ won the first prize. It was orTtois
occasion that he and Zukertort first mer.<
In 1^73 we find him at the Vienna tourna
ment, and here he p'.ayed a tie with ,
Blackburn, whom he subsequently defeat- j
«d winning first honors. In the Vienna J
•ouma*nent cf 188? Stelnltz tied with \
"Winawer for first place. In 1ST3 he set
tled in I-cndor.. devoting himself to chess
literature. In IS32 he first visited America,
and later, in 1SS3. became a citizen of the
Tniied Statps. In the great tourney of
:SS3 at Ixmdon. Mr. Stehiitz succuml>c<l
to Zukertort, who won first place. The
International Chess Maguzino. controlled
bjf Pte'.nilz. has been considered one of
the best chess periodicals published.
For the first time in his wonderful
career he failed to get a place among the
rlne first-prize men in the great interna
tional chess tournament at London, in
3v)y, 1"S?9. Here Lackie. who beat him in
ISM, by a score of ten games to five, led
the score with twenty-two and one-half
against Steinitz's eleven and one-haJf.
STEINITZ, THE
FAMOUS CHESS
PLAYER, IS DEAD
Six furlongs— Salvado won. Rev Palazar sec
ond. Spauldins II third. Time, 1:16%.
r, ki won. Koneda second,
Doublet third. Time, l:14Vj.-
Seven furlongs— Royal Sterling won, Alfred
Vargrave ' second, Hermencta third. Time.
1:30%.
Four and a half furlongs— Handlt won. Temt
second. Vlrgie T third. Time. :57«.
»Slx and a half furlongs— Come Quick won.
Gold Lack second, Winepress third. Time,
_One mile *nd a sixteenth— Kittle Regent won.
Krnil Zola second, Jessie Jarbo third.- Time,
1 .«"•* /4.
DETROIT, Aug. 13.— Four of the bet
ting choices won at Highland Park to
day over a slow track. The feature
event was the slx-furlongs at the end of
the card, which the two-year-old Termi
nus won in fast time, considering the
dead condition of the track. Doublet was
made favorite and led to the stretch
where Terminus and Foneda fought it
out. Summary:
DETROIT. Aug. 13. — A large crowd was
out at Windsor to-day and the betting
was lively. Weather clear; track slow.
Summary:
One mile— Peter Duryea won. Llgzie Jackson
second,- Dalga third. Time. 1:49.
Five furlongs— Uegina Lee won, Battus sec
ond, Erema third. Time l:03>4-
Five furlongs — Acushla won, Sevoy . second.
Triune third. Time. 1:03. ¦
One mile and an eighth — Fantasy won, Joe
Gamage second. Prince Zeno third. Time, 1:5S.
Five furlomjs— Little Reggie won. B. G. Fox
second. IJIer.hetm third. Time. 1:31.
Six furlongs — Full Dress won. Tenole second,
Charley Shane third. Time, '1:16.
* ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ __^ . . .
ST. LOUIS.' Aug. 13.— Favorites and out
siders split the purses equally at the fair
R-rounds this afternoon. In the third race
Ucnham, a 200 to l.shot. gave the backers
of Charley O'Brien, tlie redhot favorite,
cause for worrirrient by fighting it out
to the wire with the favorite in a regular
battle royal, O'Brien winning in the last
jump by a nose. The horse Applejack,
owner L. Kavanaugn. trainers M. Kava
naugh and W. Leonards, were to-day
ruled off the turf by the Fair Associa
tion owing to a crooked race run on Au
gust 8. Jockey McGinn, who rode the
race on that day, was exonerated. Track
fast. Summary:
One mile, purse^— Glen Lake won. El Canty
second. Lee King third. Time. 1:43«£-
One mile and an eighth, selling— Itansom
won. Chorus Boy second, Colonel Gay third.
Time, l$6Vi.
Six furlonps — Charlie O'Brien won. Denham
second. Love's Labor third. Time. 1:15.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Ida Le-i
ford won. Laureate second, Sir Holla third.
Time. l:4SVi.
Handicap, six and a half furlongs— Banish
won. Triadltza second. Lord Xeville third.
Time. l:21>i. -
Five and a half furlongs— Monos won. Tony
lapping second, Dorothy Lee third. Tim*.
l:0&V4.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— On account of a
heavy track at Harlem to-day there were
numerous scratches in all of the events
except in the steeplechase. Miss Bennett
and Bonnie Lissak, who were entered In
the fifth race, with a good fleld of two
year-olds. were drawn, leaving Silverdale
a 3 to u favorite. Hansford won the sec
ond race, but in doing so cost his
owners. W. H. May & Son. $905. The colt
was entered to be ¦ sold for $500. but she
showed to be such a high class horse that
L.' A. Legg bid $1000 on him. Then James
Cushing bid $1400. but both dropped out
when the owner raised it $5 more and
thus managed to keep his own horss.
Summary:
Five furlongs— Shut Up won, Bengal seconl.
Oscar Tolle third. Time, 1:^5.
One mile and seventy yards— Hansford won.
Owenboro second, Ben Chance third. Time,
Short coursfl. steeplechasc-^Paxse Partout
won, Benoisjcond. Sir Die. third. Time.
Six furlongs — Hermcso won. The Lady in
Blue second, Crosby third. Time, 1:17 3->.
Five and a half furlongs— Tyr won. Silverdale
second. Sad Snm third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
,One mile and a sixteenth— Star Chamber won.
Scarlet Lily second. Nobleman third. Time,
1:5:%-. ¦ -
Five furlongs. *400 added— Plederich won.
Musketeer second, Cordelllan third. Time,
l:00>4.
Five furlongs, $400 added, selling— Lieber
Karl wen, Epigram second. Terrorist third.
Time, 1:06%.
. One mile and three sixteenths, handicap. $400
added — Bannockburn won, Favonius second,
Krns: Bramble third. Time, 2:C6.
The McGrathiana stakes for fillies and geld
ings, two-year-^lds, value to winner $1600, five
furlongs— Lady" of the Valley won, Prlnces3
Pepper second, Inshot third. Time. 1:04.
One mile, selling. $+00 added— Trlllo won.
Exit second. Harry McCoun third. Time. 1:45V4-
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 13.-A. heavy
rainfall converted the track into mud an
kle deep this afternoon and the Bells
were greatly "reduced by. withdrawals. In
the first race Starter Caldwell dropped
his flag. The man holding the advance
flag failed to see the bunting go down
and all the Jockeys except Sam Doggett,
on his own horse, Teirorist, and Burns,
on Lieber Karl, the 4 to 5 favorite, pulled
up. The pair raced together to the fin
ish with the former winning. The field
straggled in in Indian file. The race was
ordered to be run over again. All bets
stood.* In the new betting Lieber Karl
went back to 6 to 1, while His Royal
Highness was made an even money fa
vorite. Four of the jockeys— Shaw on His
Royal Highness, McCu<* on Lady Contra
ry, Neumyer on Lady Has Been and Lao •
der on Miss Mitchell — then covered the
five furlongs without the starter or any
of his associates dropping his flag. His
Royal Highness won this heat, but the
horses Were sent to the post again wlth~
out any delay. When the flag finally fell
Epigram and Terrorist raced' in front
until the final few strides, when Lieber
Karl drew up and won by a head from
Epigram. The race caused a lot of ill
feeling among the patrons of the track.
The man wielding the advance flag was
discharged and the four boys— McCue,
Shaw, Neumyer and Laoder— who par
ticipated in the second heat were all fined
1100 each. Summaries:
Horse Applejack Ruled Off the Track
at St. Louis Because of a Crooked
Race Run on the Fair
Grounds.
First Race Run Over Owing
to Negligence of Ad
vance Flagholder.
BLUNDERS AND
A HEAVY TRACK
AT SARATOGA
From the outset the match, -which ¦was
played by teams of four— one captained by
Walter Hobart and the other by Peter
Martin— was most exciting, the onlookers
at times being worked to a high pitch of
enthusiasm. The rules called for four
periods of ten minutes' duration. Burlin
game rules to govern. In the way of clever,
hard and fearless work Walter Hobart.
still heavy In avoirdupois but wasting
somewhat under the effects of the hard
reducing process he Is undergoing, carried
off the .honors of the day, closely pressed
by Charley Dunphy. whose goal work
•was a feature, as he scored on all occa
sions, and Peter Martin in the early play.
Peter earned many plaudits for his horse- !
manship and skill, but tired under the ¦
hard work. Mr. Bettner of the Martin
team also showed to marked advantage,
especially when the fact ifl taken into con- j
sideration that, he was woefully short of '
practice. After one hour and thirty-five I
minutes had been consumed victory j
perched on the banner of the Hobart
team, the score standing 5 to 1 In its '
fav.or. Messrs. Hobart. Charles Dunphy, I
Frank Carolan and C. Praed comprised j
the victors, while the vanquished were
Peter Martin. R- Tobin. Mr. Bettner and
K. Tobin. It was just 6 o'clock when the
crowd turned homeward. Mr. Lawson
refereed the game to the perfect satisfac
tion of all.
Society Out in Full Force.
; Among the prominent society people ob
: served were:
i Mis." Dnlbeer. Mrs. W. P. Morgan. Mr. and
I Mr?. A. F. Tubbs. Miss Joliffe, Captain and
Mrs. McKittrlck. Mr. and Mrs. It. Spreckels.
i Mrs. T. H. Breese. Misa Eleanor Wood. Mra.
! O. H. Howard, General Phafler. Mrs. W. F.
1 McNutt. Misa McNutt, Mr. anl Mrs. C. F.
i Mullins. Miss Mulllns. Captain and Jlrj. W. H.
: Taylor. Miss I. N. Preston. Miss Cadwalader.
I Mixs Carolan. Miss Genevleve Carolan, fleoTge
j JB\ Whitney, Robert N. Whitney of San Fran
cisco; Mrs. E. H. Chilte, Miss II. Chllds, M!s3
' Childs of Los Awreles; Mra. J. B. Crockett,
| Miss Crockett. Miss E. Hopkins of Menlo Park;
i Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Pope of Burlinrame: Mr.
• anrl Mrs. E. R. Folger, Mrs. J. A. Folser of
Oakland.
In the ladles' golf tournament, eighteen
holes,, the first eight to qualify, the store
was as follows:
Exciting Match.
. DEL. MONTE. Aug. 13.— Society's carni
val week of pleasure and recreation began
to-day under most auspicious and fas
cinating circumstances. Under the roof
of the great caravansary are snugly
housed the ¦ elite and fashion of Burlln
game, San Francisco and Oakland.
Reveille sounded at 10 o'clock this fore
noon, when the sharp clicking of the grolf
sticks and the hurrying about of the
gaudily attired caddies signaled the open
ing of the sport. There are whispers of a
bit of "jockeying" In the tournament on
the links, but a3 the handicap will be de
termined by to-day's play a little head
work may be excused. More exhilarating
perhaps, the polo game attracted a large
attendance to the cozy racecourse, almost
within stone's throw of the hotel, this
afternoon. Lowering clouds that seemed
a foreboding of rain and a chilling blast
from the sea compelled the fair buds of
society seated on the tally-hos to keep
well muffled up in furs, and the cllrrmte
was pronounced just execrable. The
grand stand was well filled with guests
from the hotel, while a liberal sprinkling
of villagers from "Old Town" enjoyed the
game as well. All descriptions of vehicles,
from the buckboard to the automobile,
lined upon the infleld.
Special Dispatch to The Catl.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Society Out in Full Force to Witness
the Siding and View the Play
In Ladies' Golf
Tourney.
Exciting and Well Played Is
the Polo Game Down
; at Del Monte.
HOBART'S TEAM
CARRIES OFF THE
PALM OF VICTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATjL v^-. TUESDAY; AUGUST lfclOOa
NATIVE SONS WHO WILL
COME IN ALL THEIR GLORY
Passes Away • in the Man
hattan Hospital for
the Insane.
WILLIAM STEINITZ.
4
NAME
First i Second |
Round. Round.)
j Tota
VIIss Mulllns
Miss Crockett
Mrs. Brown
Miss Hasror
Miss Wagner I
Miss Dolbeer
Mrs. Scott
Mias Morgan
Miss McBean
Miss Hitchlntr?
Mr*. McKlttnck
Miss K. Hagar
Miss F. Morgan
Mrs. Scbmledell
Miss Carolan
54 31
M S2
.55 51
53 5«
£9 53
59 ,53
.60 51
53 62
61 €0
60 S3
63 S3
63 €3
64 72
68 68
67 63
ior,
106
106
10'J
112
112
114
115
121
123
126
12S
146
138
135
NAME
First i Second |
Round. Round.)
j Tota
VIIss Mulllns
Miss Crockett
Mrs. Brown
Miss Hasror
Miss Wagner I
Miss Dolbeer
Mrs. Scott
Mias Morgan
Miss McBean
Miss Hitchlntr?
Mr*. McKlttnck
Miss K. Hagar
Miss F. Morgan
Mrs. Scbmledell
Miss Carolan
54 31
M S2
.55 51
53 5«
£9 53
59 ,53
.60 51
53 62
61 €0
60 S3
63 S3
63 €3
64 72
68 68
67 63
ior,
106
106
10'J
112
112
114
115
121
123
126
12S
146
138
135
Monday evening, August l}th, 1900 D
_ • M tm. ¦ ¦ /¦ !
The thumbs won't rip, rein- g
forced by an extra strip between I
thnmb and forefinger, toughest kind Eg
of buckskin, double sewed with g
heavy waxed thread ; wear proof, g
tear proof, .water proof, for jj
Motormen |
Linemen A
Firemen i
Wdrkingmen 1
AU sizes and extra large sizes |
Wear jike iron I
•5° -75 an(^ $ 1 - 00 :
, pa i r
Horsehide gloves for workingmen
25 cts pr
3 ¦.•-,¦•:-'.:' ...-, ¦:¦¦• •, '. ¦ ; ¦ ~ ~
PUFH' nnvm corner F ° urth *»*
¦ •¦•'-•.¦ *-> ... Valises checked free.
I BoD I u B B_ ¦
I EFvS a \u 1m £ a.
cared t*y tba»
idttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and. Too Hearty Eating. A pa*
fccx rexntdy lor Dizziness. Nausea, Drowsi-
ne3S, Bad Taste m tot Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pate m the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Rrtjuiate the Bowcii. furcly Vegetable .
StnaU Pill, Small Dose.
Small P?lcav'
No Mere Dreid of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AN'D FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our Iat9 •
scientific method arplied to the gums. Nj^i
il^p-producinn agents or cocaine. /
The«# are the onjy dental parlors tn San
Francisco havlrjc PATENTED APPLIANCE*
and Ingredients to extract, flu and apply goiri
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted tor ten yeais.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ol
teeth Jo: a perfect fit jjuaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. *5. Cold flllirns. *1. Silver flll-
tnjrs 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years* experience, ani
each department in chars« of a specialist. Giva
us a call, and you will find us to do exactlv
as we advertise. We will tell you In »dv»nc»
exactly what your work will cost by a FRE3
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
I Specialists n
] Dr. Meyers & Go. 1
I 731 Market St.. San Francisco. p.
Ailments of Men
MANHOOD RESTORED 3K^^S
Vitalizer. the prescription of a
. - ., „ famous French physician, will
|358«§E5SX quickly cure you of all ner-
*t,*'5?j5P55^* vcus or d!sea?e* of t>ie s»n<»ra-
Jj^&^jMEftfM tiv - organs, such as Lost Man-
wr"*ij <— > rX^ tO(.J. Insomnia, Pains in th«
Wa?F fwS Back. Nervous Debility. Pim-
jjw\* ,^!<Jk5 pies. Exhausting Drains. Varl-
*£Jb(>V <"o^«"ie "rid Constloatlon. It
_- <CC*» rtopff • all Io*ses by day or
nlcht. Cupidena cleanses th»
liver th* kidneys and the urinary organs of alt
Impurities. Cupitlena strengthens and restores
Eir.all weak ortrans-
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctor*
1* because *> per cejjt ar» troubled with Pros-
tatltis. Cupldene the only known remedy to
1 cure without an ot>eratlr>n. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned If 6 boxes do not effect a permanent
cure. 11.00 a box. 8 boxes for 13.00. by mall.
H?nd for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis St.. S^a
Francisco. Cal- Grant Drug Co.. 33 A 40 Third st.
Avisjt OR- JORDAN'S great4
itSDSEUH OF ANATOMY^
' fcy The Largest Anatomical Muteua in tbe \
/ \ World. Weikkoessok or any contracted A
" SSlSrt d'^a" 1 pc5lll»fl7oareutiy the oldest "
fy J*5 3| Specialist c:i Uk. Coaic E*t.36yaui. ©
6 fl^Cfi B3.«HffipAN-PHlYA?E DISEASES^
\ tf-JbJr^K Co.wultatton fnn and srHctly privite. \
a I *S%?H *f rt itmene personally or by lener. A M
X B '/VIM i*«.li»« O*ra in every cue undertaken. \
AfII life w "tefor Book. PHVOMOrni ; »r A
V i I) !¦* :*,»nnMt.r. mail&o pasa. (.\"^
i i Jj II valuable bocte for oen) 'A
j f DE. JOKDAH & CO.. 105t AIaTfeetSt..a P. $y
PiiPTUPC PIIDlCn
tiUi lutiL uulikUi
When we *ay "rupture cured" we mean Jt.
for it is a fact that during the past 20 year*
DR. PIERCE' S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing elso
like It. Best retainer made. It does the worH.
Invfstlgate for yourself. CTCall for "Book-
let No. X." or »end 2 cents la ttampa. Ad-
''magnetic elastic truss co.,
G2O Market St.. San Francisco.
Or 114.% Broadway. New York City.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess th» attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury ami
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on th« IV
American and European plans. \
[GRAND HOTEL)
DR. HAIL'S HEINYIGOSATOBgjgfgjJ
Five husired reward for any nE?Sj
case we cannot cure. This secret tfi*« 1—3*1
remedy »tnps al! losses In 24 hours. H .{t
cures Emissions. Irnpctency. Vari- *ZT, CTJ4
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, frp WJfil
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all KJX uTJ
wasting elTects "f self-abus-; or Egff i^SJ
excerses. Sent sealed. S3 Vittle; 3 BSSSaSS^
bottles. $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. Soi
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Al«to for sale at 1073^»
Market M.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
*^&%fls2*-£?>i 13 PJ * «l» » non-po;.»-!rir*i
tf*4&€*^^**&% J?. 13 " 17 :, for Uonorruw.%
*j@jf-j^t;CIISB^itoa Oleut. 3n«rm»torrarev
{SSg'Jr la l t3&d»y«-*J "hitea. unnatural 'Am
nJa.,7 OaruMd || rharges, or any ini!a-nma*
rjftt»E no» ta itric:ara. tion. , irritation or nicorv
t'-i— »?rjreau ooatijlon. tion ft IBQCOQ3 menk*
fcj*\m;EvAN3 Cirsmrii Ra. brane*. N»»-c*trlnKeni
*w**SAcm:s::>UTt.o 5^21 Sol 4 *»j i>»nfrxt»t*.
\^S*k o. -¦. a jTM eT sent t3 ola!n v -nr: | f.
AW^tL_ °'J aipreas. prepaid, fa*
i 9 fcl I, 1 - 0 "- OI 3 botu.^ lira.
Weak Men and Womfet
SOULD USE OAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health an. I
strength to sexual organs. De^ot. 313 MaxSuk
ADVERTISEMENTS.The Grand "Jury took in Barbary Coast,
Chinatown and tho Broadway -Jail last
night during a .tour of Inspection. The
jurors were escorted by Police Lieuten
ant Martin, Sergeant Donovan T and De
tective MacMahon. The report of the
present jury will deal largely with the
Chinatown evil. . \ .
Grand Jury in Chinatown.
The feast of the Assumption of the
Blessed Virgin will be solemnly observed
to-morrow in St. Francis Church, Vallejo
street. The masses will bo celebrated at
the same hour3 as on Sundays. In the
evening a sermon will be preached by the
pastor. Rev. T. Caraher, on "The As
sumption."
Feast of the
FRESNO RATE CASE
SOON TO BE HEARD
Supreme Court Makes Promise to
Consider Its Merits Not Later
- Than September.
The Railroad Commissioners met yes
terday, all the members being present.
There was no general business transact
ed. Attorney General Ford and Frank H.
Short made a report In reference to the
consideration by the Supreme Court of
the Fresno passenger rate case. They
stated that the Chief Justice had in
formed them that the court would take
up the cause not later than September 4.
On the date mentioned the case will be
heard on Us merits, and it is probable
that the commission will conclude to em
ploy Attorney Short to assist the Attor
ney General in the prosecution of the ac
tion. The matter of his employment is
now under consideration and will be set
tled at an early date. In order that the
retained prosecutor may have sufficient
time in which to prepare the State's side
of the case. Several of the minor rail
roads sent In requests that they should
have an extension of time in which to file
their reports as required by the commis
sion. The companies Were all granted
until September 1 to file the required
statements of -their business during the
calendar year last past. . • '
""Charles G-. Adams on Trial.
Charles G. Adams, , charged with the
murder of Edgar S. ' Kepner, was j placed
on trial before Judge . Lawlor yesterday.
Kepner was a barber and Jtept a shop at
44 O'Farrell street. Adams quarreled with
him over money matters and on February
IS last shot him. Adams pleads self-de
fense. .He is . represepted by ex-Judge
Ferral. _ . . - •. :
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine*.- A vegetable cure for
liver lUa, biliousness, indigestion, constipation.*,
Church. Organization a Subject Which
Brought Out Strong Senti
ments—Other Meetings. '
"Is there overorganizatioh In the
church?" was a question presented for
discussion at the weekly meeting of the
Presbyterian ministers yesterday morn-
Ing. Rev. Herbert N. Eevier and Rev. E.
G. Mathena discussed it. It was not a
debate, but both clergymen had strong
opinions on the subject and expounded
their views with fervor.
Dr. Bevler thought the Presbyterian
system the best In the world, but he
thought there was no organization In the
efforts made In behalf of the young peo
ple of the church. He stated that the
Boys* Brigade, which was organized
some time ago, was in excellent condi-
Dr. Mathena felt that although th#i
Presbyterian organization was good they
were weak in not having a Bishop or a
concentrated power that would regulate
the relations between the pastor and the
church and the church and the pastor.
Rev. R. W. Reynolds also addressed tho
ministers on the subject. He said' there
was too much church organization and
too little home influence.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie, "pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, said he objected to
the concentrated power of a Bishop to
regulate his church. He contended that
if any one came to his church to dictate
he would be conducted out. He • was
strongly opposed to episcopal power.
Rev. T. H. Woodward addressed tho
Methodist ministers. Ha reviewed a book
recently published by Rev. "W. S. Urmy
entitled "Christ Came Again."
Rev. George Hatch occupied the atten
tion of the Congregational ministers. He
told of his visit to England and Conti
nental Europe.
PRESBYTERIANS HELD
A WARM DISCUSSION
THE police are searching for Elene
Magnussen, a grirl 15 years of age,
¦who is an Important witness in a
cftso In Judge Lawlor's court. The
girl haa not been seen since July 25.
At that time she was living with her
godmother, Mrs. Kelly. 1219 Pacific street.
Her father called to see her that day,
and since then she has mysteriously dis
appeared. The police would like to know
her whereabouts so that she can be called
upon to give her testimony.
ELENE MAGNUSSEN.
The matter was reported to Colonel
Rowles. who will investigate. The only
theory offered for the shooting Is that the
recruits at the Presidio have been in the
habit of making the neighborhood their
stamping grounds and have often made
night hideous with their yells.
The condition of General E. B. Willis
ton, who was brousht to the General
Hospital from his rooms at the Occiden
tal suffering from nervous prostration,
was very much improved yesterday. The
danger of his losing his mind seems to
have been. averted owing to the rest and
quiet to be had at the Presidio hospital.
Troops A, B, C,' D, E. F. G and H of
the Ninth Cavalry received orders yea
terdav to prepare for embarkation on the
Warren, which is expected to.be ready to
sail on Friday or Saturday. The colored
soldiers have been in camp at the Pre
sidio for the past month and the orders
to move to the front caused great glee.
Their horses will be held at the Presidio
for several days after their departure
until the Strathgyle is ready to sail.
Thomas . Ashe, the teamster who was
found unconscious in the Presidio stables,
is still unable to explain how he was in
jured. His condition is considered very
The First Battalion of the Fifth In
fantryi from Fort Sheridan, is expected
to arrive this morning. The battalion con
sists of fifteen officers and 560 men.
The teamsters applying at the Presidio
are not employed unless capable of stand
ing a practical test of their abilities. They
are made to drive and execute maneu
vers with' a four-mule team and other
wise show themselves capable of fulfilling
the duties required of them.
H. A. Wells, clerk to Quartermaster
Kimball, stepped on a piece of zinc at his
home yesterday and received a severe
cut. He is able to get around, but with
great difllculty, and his many friends
hone the Injury will not prove serious.
Many tons of hay are arriving at the
Presidio daily to be used for feed for the
large number of animals now at the post.
Colonel Marshall is sending from Nevada
146 horses, the result of two days' pur
chasing In that State. The animals are
' all in good condition. «
Second Lieutenant -Pressly K. Brlce of
the Fourteenth and Captain Mark L.
Hersey of the Ninth Infantry, having ar
rived In this city, are assigned to duty
with the recruits at the Presidio awaiting
transportation to China, where their regi
ments now are.
A sergeant and forty privates of the
signal torps "arrived here yesterday from
_ort- Meyer, Virginia^ They will be sent
to China. ._
Buchanan asked her why she flred at
them and was told to "move on or they
would get another."
As soon as they recovered from their
surprise they began to look around to
discover the cause of the shooting. A
short distance from the path stands the
house occupied by Corporal Davenport
and his wife. In the open doorway stood
Mrs. Davenport with a smoking revolver
in her hand.
Corporal Buchanan of Battery C and
Musician McFarland of the Third Ar
tillery band had rather an unpleasant ex
perience while walking through the site
of the camp ' formerly, occupied by tha
Tennessee troops in company with two
young women yesterday. They were
peacefully wending their way along the
road when they were startled ~y a shot
and the sound of a buliet whizzing by.
Quiet Walk at the Presidio
Disturbed ; by a Woman
With a Gun.
CORPORAL'S WIFE
TAKES A SHOT AT
LOVING COUPLES
tal on Sunday evening, will take place
from Grace Church. California and Stock
ton streets, to-morrow afternoon at 2:30
o'clock. The interment will be in Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
"It is not a defense that the title under
which the plaintiff claims comes from a
railroad patent which contains a provision
excluding and excepting all mineral lands,
and that subsequent to the patent the de
fendants discovered valuable mineral
lodes on the lots patented, and had located
and are holding them under the mineral
laws of the United States. It does not fol
low that because the grant of the landa
quarter of the routhwest quarter of the
south half of the southwest quarter of
section 27, township XJ north, range 6 west.
In rendering his decision Judge Belling
er said:
was not mineral and the patent excepts
mineral landa that there never can oe a
perfect title to the lota patented; Xftat tho
owner and his grantees must always hold
subject to discoveries of minerals that
will defeat the title. The patent, in th»
absence of fraud, is an authoritative de
termination that the lots described are
within the grant. It devolves upon tho
land department to decide the question,
and It does this when it Issues the patent,
and the case is not altered by the reserva
tion mude In the patent."
Judgement was given for tho plaintiff
and $2000 damages.
Elene Magnussen, Wanted
in Judge Lawlor's Court,
Disappears.
POLICE SEARCHING
FOR GIRL WITNESS
«7tp SPECIAL meeting of th£ executive
J[\ committee of the California Min
li 1\ ers' Association was held last even
ing at the Union League Club, the
objects of the meeting being briefly set
forth by the president, W. C. Ralston.
Attorney C. \V. Cross in a communica
tion to the association reviewed the his
tory of the litigation in which the Red
Dog Mining Company was the defendant.
It Is stated in the communication that
Spaulding and Engelbright, representing
the defendant company, never obtained a
permit in proper form from the Debris
Commission to pursue the work of hy
draulic mining. -While efforts were being
made to obtain permission which would
hold good in the courts a storm came
and filled the lmpoundng dam with debris.
After the dam was raised another storm
came 'and filled up the basin, bo there
was no impounding capacity on which the
commission could grant a permit. The
case went to trial and Judge Davis of
Yuba and Sutter decided against the com-
I-nny. Mr. Cross does not encourage ap
l>eai to the Supreme Courc in this case,
¦ihe inference, is conveyed that there
should be a stronger case to test the
force of the Caminetti act.
Measures have been taken in the Su
perior Court of Sutter County to enjoin
William Nichols, of the Polar Star Min
ing Company. Dutch Flat. Placer Counfy.
from mining by the hydraulic process.
The story is told to the Miners' Associa
tion that Mr. Nichols obtained license
in proper lorm. and on the strength of
that license expended $6500 on the im
pounding dam. It ia probable that the
litigation in this case will be taken to
the Supreme Court to test the virtue of
the Caminetti act.
The association felt that tbe points In
volved In the' suit against Nichols were
of sufficient Importance to the miners of
this State to warrant the association act
ing with him in his defense. Nichols in
sisted, however, that in the event of such
aid his attornev should have charge at
the case. Tho point was raised that the
association had taken the Red Dog case
without thoroughly investigating its
merits and after wasting time and money
in the proceedings had found itself with
out legal standing. In this case, before
uniting v.ith Nichols, it was determined
that the association should satisfy itself
that Nichols* permit.- was proper and
Judge Bellinger *in the United States
Circuit Court rendered a-decislon yester
day in favor of the plaintiff In the* suit of
the Mountain Copper Company, limited,
vs. Thomas \V. McGlnness and others.
Suit was brought to rject the defendants
from lots 2. 3. 4 and 3 of the west half of
the northwest quarter and the northwest
Decides That in the Absence of
Fraud It Holds Good
Forever.
It was decided that the annual conven
tion of the California Miners' Association
be held on the second Monday after the
coming Presidential election./
JUDGE BELLINGER ON
MINERAL LAND PATENT
Edward Coleman was appointed a mem
ber of the executive committee to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Captain
Thomas Meehan.
The sum of $150 was subscribed to the
Admission day fund.
legal, and to that end W..C. Ralston. Fred
Zeitler, E. H. Benjamin. Ed Coleman. H.
T. Power. Daniel T. Cole and J. S. Mc-
Bride were appointed a , committee to
make the investigation.
The following letter, setting forth the
need o£ water measurment and conserva
tion, was ordered sent to the Secretary of
the Interior:
To the honorable the Secretary of the In
terior—We, the Miners' Association, desire to
call your attention to the importance of sys
tematic measurements of the flow of the Sac
ramento, •' Stanislaus. Tuolumne, fan Joaquln.
Kings, Salinas. Yuba and Bear rivers. Cache
Creek, Stony Creek and other streams of Cen
tral and -'Northern California and of the survey
of certain reservoir sites existing upon their
headwaters.
Work of this kind is being carried on under
your control by . the United States Geological
Survey, and we respectfully request that in
approving the plans of or work of that or
ganization, or di.-ecting Its activities., you have
consideration given to the needs of the locali
ties named.
Water conservation Is the foundation for com
mercial and industrial success in our State, and
as the 'examination into the possibility of water
supply has been by law entrusted to the Geo-
t loglcal Survey under your department, we re
spectfully request that your attention be given
to this, matter.
Will Defend the' Suit Against Nichols if the
Committee Finds He Possesses a
Legal Mining Permit!
California Miners' Association De
cides to Determine Force of
the Caminetti Act.
OFFERS ITS AID
TO H YDR AULICKERS
In anticipation of a strike by the mill
workers If their demands for an - eight
hour day were not allowed, tho owners
on Saturday evening when the men were
paid off told their employes that their
services were no longer required. The op
eratives were ordered to remove their
tools. A few of the union men applied for
work this morninp. stating their willing
ness to abide by the old nine-hour sched
uie. but their services were refused. The
present situation practically amounts
to a lockout, as the mill owners declare
their intention of denying work to their
old employes until they withdraw their
demands for a shorter day. The men are
to be allowed a few days of grace In
which to consider the matter, and if they
show no tendency to back down the Mil!
Owners* -Association cf California will
blacklist the strikers and Import non
union men to take their places. .*
At two of the mills, the Burnham-
Star.deford and the Enterprise, a half
dozen non-union men ,wcre at work this
morning. The Oakland Planing Mill, at
First and Washington streets, ,wa» wide
open and apparently ready for business,
the machinery buzzed as, usual, but the
only men about the place were the regu
lar office cmployesr
AboutlOO men and boys congregated at
Fourth and Washington streets, in the
heart of the mill district, this morning,
but there was no demonstration -and the
crowd soon dispersed. ,
At Ingler & Atkinson's mill, .the Eajrle
Planing Mill and all of the smaller mills
the door? are closed and. the fires banked.
I OAKLAND. Aug. 13.— Only two planing
! mills were In operation in Oakland to-day,
I ar.d the work of these was handled by
I small forces of non-union men. Not a
1 wheel was turned In the other score or
1 more of mills in this city, and a general
1 lockout of the union operatives exists.
¦ From the present appearance of the. strug
gle between the mill owners and their
I former employes the controversy bids fair
! to Involve all the building; trades. From
I the stand made by both sides the struggle
1 will be a bitter one and to the end.
Two Establishments Only AreEun
' ning 1 — Representatives of Both
Sides Express Confidence
> in Ultimate Vic
tory.
MILL OPERATIVES IN /
OAKLAND LOCKED OUT
BY THEIB EMPLOYERS
The. millmen have received a notice from
Secretary \V. M. Page of the Building
Trades <"ouncil that the Amalgamated
Sheet Metal Workers expect to be placed
on the elght-hour-a-day schedule begin
ning Monday, October 1.
Oi the 1010 mill hands employed in the thirty
one mills in San Francisco, Alameda and
Santa Clara counties C5o men have walked out
and 255 are still at work. This does not in
clude the California Door Company, which
employs 200 men, who have not struck.
Will pay further, after urir\g our best efforts
to confer with a eommitt-e from the Millmen's
I'ni^n In regard to adjusting the differences,
they referred us to the Building Trades Coun
cil, and eventually, not knowing the-condltions
between employer and employe, our commit
tee was unable to come to any adjustment of
matters concerning the mlllworkers..
It has.t-een stated and is a fact that most of
the various branches in hull. line construction
here work eight hours per day. The conditions
however, are different as between us and
other branches, inasmuch as they have but
local competition, while we have competition
from the various localities, as before men
tinned.
To reduce our working day by one hour
means, when the fixed expenses of running a
mill are considered, at leact 20 per cent, which
is more than enough to cut out all of our ror
elrn bu^ine«s.
To ascertain the proportion of our product
hami!e<! by th* members of the unions be
longing to the BuildlnK Trades Council we have
taken as a basis all the business done by our
bay county mills these last six
norths and find the figures to be
12 per cent, leaving: 48 per cent shipped
foreign, to Honolulu, the Interior, the East and
material connected with ship-building. For
much cf thiF we compete with the Xorth. the
Ka?t and Middle West, where the mills are
•rorktax ten or more hours and paying their
tii^r. all of 20 per cent less than the wages now
beln™ r^ld h<rre.
Recognizing the far-reachlntr effects on the
Industries of our city and State, we have
reached this conclusion after a very careful
consideration of the Fltuatlon.
Th* time seems to have arrived when the
plalninp-mlll owners of the bay counties should
plve to the general public their reasons for
the xtar.d taken in refusing to concede the de
mands of the Millmen's Union for an elght
hrvur day.
Fifth— One aDDrentlce allowed to every man.
A joint meeting of the San Francisco.
Oakland and San Mateo Planing Mill asso
ciations was held in the rooms of the
Builders' Exchange, on Now Montgomery
street, last evening. The session lasted
until nearly midnight. The following
statement was given out for publication:
Uillmen State Their Position.
Fourth— Three dollars per day shall be the
minimum rale of wages for eight hours; men
sent out of the city to work to receive all
necessary hotel and traveling expenses in ad
dition thereto.
Third— No apprentice permitted on any out-
Ride Job, unless accompanied by a Journey
man.
First — On and after AugU't 12 eight hours
shall constitute a day's work on all work per
formed In shops, factories or buildings.
Second— Time and a half for Sundays, for all
overtime, and all legal holidays.
Following is the text of the agreement
between the varnishers and polishers and
the mill-owners, which was accepted by
the latter yesterday:
"Over six months ago the mill-owners
were Informed that on August 13 the
eight -hour day would be requested, and at
the time they were asked to express them
selves upon the issue. They almost unan
imously stated that it would be satisfac
tory provided the rule became general.
Upon the receipt of these statements the
request was m.ide. giving the employers
sufficient time to protect themselves in
bidding on new work and allowing any
existing contracts at the time of the no
tice to be completed under the nine-hour
schedule. Nothing could have been fairer
or more just. The employes have kept
their word an-1 Intend to adhere strictly
to the principles involved in the Issue."
President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council takes exceptions to the
statements made by Mr. Wilkie to the ef
fect that the millmen have been deceived.
Mr. McCarthy said last evening:
"The millmen are not and have not been
deceived. They have given this question
long and serious consideration and feel
that they are entitled to the same work
day that prevails in every labor center in
the country. 1
Says Ken Were Not Deceived.
"Some of our men are experienced me
chanics and have been in our employ for
years. 1 didn't have the heart to tell
some of these old fellows to take their
tools with them when thev went away
Saturday. The strikers do not understand
our position. Fully 4} per cent of our
work comes in comoetition with firms
outside this section and not controlled by
the Biiildins Trades Council. It is the
competition with this work that forces
us to insist on nine hours' work for the
present wage scale."
tire season like the millmen on account
of the rainy season.
Andrew Wilkie. chairman of the press
committee for the millowners, said last
evening that the situation was unchanged
from the mornlne. Mr. Wilkie has his
duubt.s about the men holding out. He
thinks everything will be settled ajni
cably inside of a week, but does not Inti
mate thai the owners will be the peace
makers.
"The mill-workers," he said, "have been
der-eived and when they rind it out
they will come back to a man. They
were assured by the promoters of
this strike that there would be at
least four mills at work on an eight-hour
basis to-day and that ihe rest would fall
in line within a day or two. As a matter
of tact but cne mill is working eight
hours and that is ~ the Searie-Hayman
plant, which has never been a party to
BETWEEN* 300 and 400 operatives In t
the lumber and planing mills of
this city and Oakland are idle. The
machinery in all of the smaller
rr.nis en both sides of the bay was at a
FtarsdFtill yesterday, and the present out- j
jook is not encouraging for an Immediate '
resumption of work. There are forty-six
mills affected by the strike or lockout, :
twenty-seven of which are in San Fran- !
Cisco. Both the millowners and the em- '
j'loyes are dctcjjmJned in the positions
they have taker.. The proprietors main
tain that the present nine-hour-a-day
Fchefiule Is in every way reasonable and
is.iT, while the mill operatives insist that
they are entitled to the same considera
tion as the other twenty-seven branches
of labor affiliated with the Building
Trades Council, all of which enjoy the
benefit of the eight-hour rute.
The trouble between the millowners and
their employes has been brewing: for some
time and yesterday's trouble was antici
pated.. More than five months ago the
Building Trades Council decided that tbe
millmen were deserving of the same coa-
Fificration as the workmen in other
tranches of trade In so far as working
hours were concerned. A notice was Sent
to the millowners that on and after Aug
ust 13 they would be expected to recognize
the eiRht-hour rule. Several meetings of
the representatives from all the mills were
held and an attempt was made by the
BuildingTradcs Council >o induce the mill
owr.fr? to aproe to these terms, but with
out success. I>ast week the following no
tice was posted in tht mill and yard of
every company:
Resolved. That en and after th» 13th of Au
rru^t I9M and rutll further notice, the un
deralsaed. we ar.d each of u», will continue to
run our establishments en the tame time as at
preffnt or heretofore.
Appended to the resolution are the
r.ames of forty-six fira? that have agreed
to stand by each other and fight the mat
ter to the end.
IMillowners Not Surprised.
The men gave no notice of quitting when
they left their work Saturday afternoon.
The mUlowners. however, were not sur
prised when their employes failed to put
in an appearance at T:3'J o'clock yesterday
Biorning. They had anticipated a strike
aitfi were prepared. Some of the smaller
shop? did not attempt to run at all dur
ing the clay, while ihe larger ones were
run on half time, having from two to five
non-ur.jon men at work.
At 8 o'clock many of the help reported
for d'Jty, but were promptly refused
admittance. The owners grave orders to
cl»>se and lock the gates and to admit no
ore unless he agreed to work under the
old nine-hnur-a-day rule. Detachments of
police were on hand in many of the mill
yards, but the men were orderly and dis
persed soon after being refused admission.
Some cf the millmen were paid off, while
other? were told to come back on the reg
ular pay day and get their mopey. The
millowners are not disposed to put on
- marry extra non-union men. as they be
lieve their old employes will return soon.
and the purpose is to hold their positions
t-fien as long as possible.
Only one case of disorder was reported
during the day and that was a trivial mat
ter. A man. who had been employed in
the mill of Hickman & Masterson at the
f.->ot of Tenth street, was standing near
The mill office about S o'oclock yesterday
morning. when Policeman Parrel!, who
came jn for more or less notoriety a week
ego by arresting a young girl at her home
ct 2 o'clock in the morning, ordered him to
move on.
"This is a public street, and I am mind
ing my own bufineFf," paid the man with
out budirfnjr from his position.
"Ynu move on or I'll run you in," com
manded the patrolman.
"Let me alone cr 111 break your face,"
was the defiant reply. By this time a.
crowd had collected and it looked as If
there w>u!<3 be trouble. On second
thought the policeman evidently concluded
that the man was not doing any harm and
rftrpated in good order.
The hours of the mlllmen heretofore
havp bwn from 7:30 to 12 and from 12:3rt to
5 o'clock. The demand of the men is that
they po in at S und come out at 12 ami
after noon rest of one hour gn back at 1
and work until 5. The demands of the
.Amalgamated Woodworkers and the
varr.I?hrr? and polishers also went into ef
fect yesterday. With the exception of
<">r.e firm, the \Vest Coayt Furniture Com
pany, the owners accedod to the demands
ar.d as a result 600 men in these depart
ments will hereafter work only eight
hours a day instead of nine.
Says Fight Is Half Won.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build-
Ing Trades Council, which has the cnuse
of th«» millmen in hand, takes a very
hopeful vipw of the situation. He b*>
lirves thf> m«n have a Just grievance, and
thinks th^y will carry their point.
"The s-atisfactory settlement of the
trouble with the varnlsher*. polishers and
¦woodworkers is a good begrinnlns for us."
he said yesterday. "The employers have
PTant^d thrse men what they asked. Only
the millmen are out now. They are the
only branch of the affiliated organization
rot now en.ioyir.s: an eight-hour work day.
¦\Y<» have prepared for a long and stub
born tight, and v.e think the millowners
win see the folly of further resistance
nr.d accept our proposition. About 400
Tnen are thrown out of work by the shut
ting down of the mills. We have one-half
lh«» battle won already."
Mr. McCarthy does not put much faith
Jn the stories that it Is the purpose of
Fom<» of th*» companies to employ non
xiTiion h^lp from out of town in case the
strike or lockout continues any consJder
8Me time. There are twenty-eight build
ing branches belonging to the union and
v.Mch handle the products of the various
r.flff-cted mills, and In the fvent of non
union help rx-in;? employed a boycott
vould 3t on<~e be instituted.
The millowners say their position is a
peremptory one and nothing will make*
them give in. They say the men here
enjoy better hoorn at the oTd rate than do
the rnill'nen in the Kast. There they have
'to work ten hours a day, find the highest
they jret in wages i« $2 per diem. Here the
minimum rat*- Is *2 50. and this runs ns
fci;rh as tZ W and $4 a ; 1J"- The furni-
Ir.re company of 1*. & E. Kmantiel. it \ZZ
f-nd 431 Fourth street, omp'.ys about fiftv
h.-imls, md all but five or six went out
' . •¦storday morning. This concern niso.l
the craves «f ail its help JO per cent last
Firing.
There were rumor* current last even
ing that the millmen had been given to
understand that the builders would bark
them tin and that provision would L<?
made to give the men work while builil
5r.es r.-crv in course of construction, the
plarv bring to erect temporary machinery
close to tho building. Millowners say
Fiich a course would « j ntail a groat <leai
rf expenr-e and they doubted if ary of
the contractors would adopt such an ex
treme measure.
Want Carpenters' Hours.
The .irpume-nt has been advanced by th<*
rr.illmen that they deserve to be granted
the Fame number of iiours as the car
pT.tcrs. To this tno millownors reply
-that tho carpenters cannot work the on
Workmen in Forty-Six Mills on Both Sides of
the Bay Affected— Demands of Polishers
and Varnishers Acceded To.
Big Struggle Between Owners and
Operatives Over Eight- Hour
Day Has Begun.
MACHINERY IDLE
IN PLANING MILLS
BERKELEY. Aug. 13.— All mill workers
belonging to the union -walked out this
morning, their demands for anelght-hour
day not having been granted. Of the
three planing- mills here two employ both
union and non-union men, and one non
union men only. The employes in the non
union mill, owned by George C. Pane, are
all at work. Forty-live nu-n out of sixty
quit work In Niehaus Bros. & Co.'s mill
and five out of twelve In Cavan & Day's.
The men on a strike are all union men,
while the non-union men remain at work.
The vacant places are being tilled and the
mills will continue to operate. No trouble
Is feared, although It Is understood the
owners will place guards over their prop
erty.
MILL-MEN WALK^OUT.
"In Chicago a union man cannot get a
job, and 20.000 men in consequence have
left the city. There the material men
have notified contractors ¦who employ
union men that they will be expected to
pay cash for whatever they get In the
way of supplies without the customary
discount for cash. It will be the same
way here."
A. Kendall, president of the Pacific
Coast Lumber and Mill Company, stated
In behalf of the owners that he did not
think the strike would last long. He said:
George "W. Smith, president of the Mill
men's Union, said to-day: -
"We are in this fight to stay, and we
will- stay in It until we. win. The mill
workers were burprised at the treatment
received from the owners when nearly 300
woodworkers and mill hands who demand
ed'an eight-hour day were thrown out of
employment. It was a lockout which had
not been anticipated, although we expect
ed a decisive answer one way or another
to-day. We were proceeding for a settle
ment of this question along the lines of
equity. • \ -
. "As to the Importation of men to take
our places, I do not think that will work
well. Even if the mill/ owners have fin
ished supplies on hand, it will do them
no good. They cannot use the stuff. The
carpenters will not handle it. the brick
layers, plasterers and lathers will not
touch It and there will be no use In trying
to place it on the market. i
"We have behind us the united support
of the Building Trades Council, therefore
we have reasons to believe we are going
to win."
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 3 4, 1900.
The funeral \f the late Dr. James Ed
ward Keeler, the director of Lick. Obser
vatory, who died at the • Waldeck Hosj>l-
Funeral. of Dr. Keeler.
5
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
AH sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
d cure* sell it, especially druggists.
STJARY'SCOLLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will be resumed WEDNESDAT.
August 1st. 1900.
BRO. ERMIXQLP. President.
Hitchcock School,
/ SAN RAFAEL. CAI..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Eeparatt Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc. .
CHRISTMAS TERM HKGINS AUGTTST HTH.
RKV. C. n ITCH COCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL. §25;
It Is desired to correct an erron<*ous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
[t will open as usual MONDAY. August 6.
Only boys of good moral character are taken.
G. S. MEAD. S202 Central ave.
ST. MATTHEW'S Ml ».
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. Vt. A. nilKWER. A. B.. Rector.
HAM LIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1849 Jackson st.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of Callforv-'a. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity Vassar aad Smith Coll<*K«"s. Reopens Au-
gust 6. 1900. SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
POLYTECHNIC !8EL n e f g s e s
Has the largest and best equipped departments
in the West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students mav enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Free cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
NEWSPAPER £IS A z,ne
Illustratron. PARTINGTON'S resumes August
I. Day and nlcht classes. Apply R. L. PART-
INGTON. 424 Pine St.. S. F.
IRVINQ INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for youn? ladles, 2121
California st.. will reopen August 6. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. haa
been removed to Inrlngton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful; climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds In-
vited. W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
OF THE-^ —
TURKISH and PERSIAN
Hi ' ¦« Us ' I £
Wsm BOB Ira I ra '^tftf
ETC., ETC.,
NOW IN THE STORE,
SW. Cor. Geary & Stockton Sts.
WILL CONTINUE
TO-DAY, TUESDAY, at 2 p. m.
- Bale absolute without reserve or limit.
. A. W. LOUDERBACK,
Auctioneer.
\A/HV SUfF-ER -P
PERSONS AFFLICTED WITH RHEUMA-
TISM, no matter of how Ions standing, or
any other chronic disease,- should call at once
at the SANS SOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.; the
up to date Institution for treatment. We have
2D years' experience. Charges reasonable.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure " of GONORRHOEA, GLEET8,
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.'
Price SI a bottle. - For saie by druggists.
Miss Mattle L. Guild of Chicago, 111.
Miss Mattle L. Guild, president Illinois
Young People's Christian Temperance
Union, In a recent letter from Chicago,
111., says: *
"I doubt if Peruna has a rival in
all the remedies recommended to-day
for catarrh of the system. A rem-
edy that will euro catarrh of the
stomach will cure the same condition
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus. Ohio, for a free book entitled.
"Summer Catr\rrh."
"I can tell you that I am almost
entirely relieved of indigestion, that
great foe which has tortured me for
so many yaars, and can now eat any-
thing I desire. Peruna has done ma
more good than any medicine I ever
took in my life."
Acute catarrh of the upper bowels in
children Is called cholera infantum: in
grown people it \i called cholera morbus.
All these are exactly alike in their pa-
tholcsy. The remedy which will cure ca-
tarrh of the stomach will cure catarrh oC
the bowels and liver.
Peruna will cure catarrh wherever lo-
cated. In pelvic catarrh it haa won well
deserved rt-nown. Peruna will cure any
case of diarrhoea, acute or chronic. Pe-
runa is an absolute specific for dysentery.
Peruna cures catarrh of the liver. Peruna
cures catarrh of the stomach.
Mrs. L. A. Johnson. Ptlham and Rlpley
streets, Montgomery. . Ala., says:
Catarrh of the abdominal orjrana Is very
much more common in summer than In
winter time. This form of catarrh might
be sippropriately classed as summer ca-
tarrh. Summer catarrh Includes catarrh
of the stomach, catarrh of the liver, ca-
tarrh of the duodenum, catarrh of tho
uppor bowels, and catarrh of the lower
bowels. Catarrh of the stomach and ca-
tarrh of the ducdenum ia also called dys-
pepsia. In -which there is an especial aver-
sion for fatty foods. Catarrh of the liver
Js usually called liver complaint. Ca-
tarrh of the upper bowels, diarrhoea; of
the lower bowels, dysentery.
h Wherever Located).
of the mucous membrane anywhere.
I have found it the best remedy I
have ever tried for catarrh, and bo
lieving it worthy my endorsement I
gladly accord it."
SYSTEMIC CATARRH.
(Pcruna Cures Catarr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I XPJri A
I CANNOT I
S REALIZE |
H How delightful the mild, dry fe
Q climate of £
I Coronado Beach f
I Is until you experience It. Hun- J
dreds of San -Francisco people -i
spend their summers there. Do !
Get^n'foriratlon O*t Ratos I
16S Market st. E." S. BABCOCK. Mxr S
San Francisco. Coronado teach, cal. j j
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The tvaters are noted for their thousands of
'cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia .and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flsh-
lng No fogs. Unequa!eA> for hea'th. rest and
recreation. Rates. S12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F., 9 a.
m and 2:4j p. m. daily. Carriages at Gilroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
CVAr*r-^. HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
©IYr%VIvl'O County:- only 44 hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles cf
staging: water* noted for medicinal virtues;
best iinturai bath in State: grand mountain
scenery: gocd trout streams/at <loor: telephone,
tel-graph: daily mall anA express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE . SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only Jo 50. Tske Tlburon f»rry
at 7-30 a. m. or 2:30 p.m. Terms. $: a oay or
$12 a week. References— ..r.y guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
' J. F. ML'LGREW. Proprietor.
f iun MCClfED Free from fogs, and coM
tAitlr fllt H hCK winds. The Popular R?sort
Amonc Redwoods -*>f Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
Ing. Bathing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from $10 to $TX Cottages built from $30 and
upward. Board and lodging. $6 per week: un-
furnished rooms. *1 per week. Address H. M.
I GREGSON. Camp Meeker.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS ft,;fcS£&
Springs: new management: a place of com'ort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tib-iron
ftrry R R station on hotel grounds; exten-
sive swimming tank:. $10 SO and uo per w»«k:
round trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER £ STFW-
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Lonc-dlgt»nce plmne.
CARLSBAD
Moit beautiful tpot In Lake County. »\at*r*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach. 11* er. kidney
and bUdder affection*. A peommortatl jiu . nr»:
dais: $10 a w»ek: lighted by «av-
W .It. McGOVERN. K»l*»»vtll<». f,nk» n».
KLAMATH "O^S^J'^t *
T Calif6in!a. e * Trout fishing— finest In the State-
Shove'. Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
nlenty of came In surrounding mountains—
Erouse. quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal.
YVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. • Excellent accommodations
for families. First-class table. All kinds of
dairy produce. Fine spring water. Rates $7
up! Send for circular. C. H. W. BRUNING.
Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, ?™K
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, ftshtaz.
hunting and livery. Writ* tor pamphlet. l.
WERTHEIMER. Manager. ¦
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The moet attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boatln?. bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to . H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITAEIUM .^SSPS
Nap* Valley. Tbe Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. ¦ Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, s-t. Helena. CaJ.
FI MAKTF HftTFI ljOS oatos. cal.—
CL fllUrUC UUItL, Cool moU ntaln cli-
mate, beautiful drives; average temperature
80 degrees; no wind or -mosquitoes; 2 hours
from San Francisco: 5 trains daily; no con-
sumptives taken. JNO. NEVILL. Proprietor.
e ©
• A vacation docs not usually •
q extend beyond two or three or 9
© four weeks, so that many of #
9 those who have been sojourn- •
O «ng during the past month at 9
• the various resorts along the •
q California Northwestern Rail- o
© way are returning to their ©
S homes. 5
O Those who intend to take +
J* their vacation during July or •
Q August, and those who may not q
O have thought of a rest, but A
: £ should do so, can now easily *
O find the desired accommoda- Q
g tio * s - / S
0 Call for "VACATION," a ©
9 little book just issued by the O
q company, giving Camping Lo- q
9 cations. Hotels. Mineral Spring
® Resorts, and a list of one hun- J
O dred and sixty-seven Farms and ©
O homes where Board for the •
£f *
q Summer can be secured at from q
O v5-co to $S.oo per week. •
A Ticket Offlc. CO Marfeet it. . %
jL (Chronicle building). r ft
"J. Grnrral Offlc-. Mutual Uf* A
5* b-iildinc. Sati3om« and California 2
© «ts.. San Francisco. *£
© ©
O E. C. WHITING. Gee«ral Mjupr. ©
© B. X ETAS. Osal t\S3. Agt. •
p o
9 •
OSOQOGOOaCOaOOQCQOOOOO
DOVE SHOOT
IMgreat dove stew
P| August 26tt at
«|asoSol)les
Rourri Trip, On j and Onc-Thrd Fare. I
HlustrafHl booklet and further Infor- I
maticn ct KP.A.NK V.'. KL.Y, Oity Agent. I
T>1. Red 2C3H. 6W Market St.. S. P. I
OTTO E. NEVKH, Prop., Taso nobles, QU. |
SISSON Tf\\/&.T*r<t:
Where Shasta"* summit, clad in snow.
Smilfs down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from th» chilling summer logs and fre»
from wind* andldu-t and heat. Slti^ON TAV-
EHN, X~.0O fe^t above the tea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, is tha Weal spot for a
Hummer vacation. Near it the great forests of,
pine and ceOar and hemlock, around it a wlda
expanse of meadow*, about it tho perfect
beauty cf Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— tn« rreat
game of the mountains. For the angler— tha
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of tha
Sacramento ami the Klamath. ALi. AT SIS-
EON'S DOOIt. The tavern is new and fresh
ami clean, with every modern comfort. Tho
railway brings one almost to tho doer. wner<»
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn now
irrand her inspiration* are. nates. $10 to $13
per week. K iO per day. Guides and horses
for mountain climbing. 1IKS. 1L L. SISSO>>.
Proprietor. Sisscn. Cal.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electrls lights, bil-
liard*, lawn tennis, cmiuet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to MRS. P. J. MARTINA.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; flne flshinar. boating, bathing anl
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. Tp»
1 best table In Lnke Co. Address O. WEiS-
| MAX. Mli'.Jake P. O.. Lake .Co.. Cal.
KAHLEIVS new summer resort, Cazadero. Cat:
Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ins;: general radse.. choice liiiuors. cigars:
popular prices.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice «urroundlngs:
comfortable rooms; good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN, CJlea Ellen, C*L.
' MMIIHIIlllHillltill >i«M IHHIM'bnHHi«llii>~HHHis Honor the Mayor, may shortly be expected to
realize that after all he is not the, whole show,'in(thc
local . Democratic party. The howls of some of the
objectors ought to be heard. across the continent.
Put up your coin for ,the Admission day celebration
and put it up promptly. This is the time to act.
There are some things Bryan can never induce the
people to forget, and among them are the hard times
end the soup-houses of four years ago. - —
From the difficulty which Roberts has met with in
attempting to catch Oom Paul it looks as if the old
man were about as good a sprinter as Aguinaldo.j
Three electric light plants are being
built In New York for shipment to Rus
sia; One Is for an American concern at
Irkutsk, Siberia, another for the Siberian
mine near Chita and the other is for a
mine In -Manchuria. .
¦ '-!_ » ? ¦
'. The Santa; Fe will iell tickets to Chlcaro
tnd r«um on Aupist 21 and 22 at the very
low "rate of |72 £0. rood for. «lxty days. This
tg'a'Terjr low rate and is open for aU. They
will tell you all about it at *2S Market itreet.
Special I Information supplied dally to
business houses an/1 public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Cal. dace fruit 50c per Ib at TownscnJ'i.
Louis B. Ohler of Oakland is at tl
Netherland.
CALIPOILNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— C. Frederick
Kohl of San Francisco is at the Holland;
' Mrs.' R. H. Warfleld and her son.* R- E.
"Warneld, returned yesterday from a- six
weeks' trip la the Northwest, Including
J. -Edgar Knipp and wife of Baltimore
are at the Occidental. -' They/ are - on ' their
way to Japan as missionaries and will'de
part" on the next 'steamer. . .
J. S. Manley',' deputy clerk of the United
States District Court;; has: returned from
a six "weeks' visit, to relatives in Maine. -
The Rev. Dr. Charles W. Nauman, . a
prominent divine of Ashtabula, Ohio, Is
registered at the Occidental. -.
Dr/ Charles A. Borey, a prominent phy
sician of New Orleans, with his wife, Is
at the' Occidental. • ': '
. : W. D/Pennycook, proprietor of the Va
llejo Chronicle, is registered at the Occi
dental. ¦*• . . ,'
Dr. W. H. Davis, a leading medico of
Detroit, Mich., is a* guest of the Occir
dental.
Duncan McPherson, editor of the Santa
Cruz Sentinel, is a guest of the Occi
dental. '-AW.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Mercer of Newark, N. J.,
are at the Palace. ' .
Thomas X.. Keal, a well-known attorney
of Los Angeles, is at the Occidental.
A. Robinson, a wealthy planter of Ha
waii, is registered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge E. H. Gerry of New York, with
his wife, son and daughter, and H. "W.
Suttcliffe and wife of Chicago, are here
on a visit and are stopping at the Palace.
J. B. Frawley, general agent of the
Union Pacific Company at Kansas City.
Is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
family. His visit is for pleasure only.
British Columbia. Their Journey took in
the Yellowstone Park.
, KEITH WAZEMAN AS SAPHO.
mANAGER T. DANIEL FRAW
LEY has decided to produce
••Sapho" at the Grand Opera
house next week. The title role
will be played by Miss Keith Wakeman,
who, like Rosalind, "is more than common
tall," of magnificent physique and emi
nently fitted for. the part. ; . ..
Madame Rejane's version of; the play
will be used, Manager Frawley having se
cured the coast rights. Critics claim that
this Is the moat literal translation of any
ol the dramatizations. Miss wakeman
was in Paris and saw the famous actresa
in the part night after night, and has* all
the "business" down to perfection.
Miss Wakeman played the leading: role
In "Sapho" at I-os Anpreles recently, and
the dramatic critics of that city were
unanimous in their praise of her ability.
There is a sort of rosy glow about this promise of
reform that is very charming, and it is to be hoped
the dawn it heralds will soon burst forth in the splen
dor of full day. Of course to introduce the improve
ments into all homes will call for the remodeling of
rr:any houses and perhaps the pulling down of most,
but those sre slight things. It is certainly easier to
tear down all dwellings and build new ones than to
solve the servant-girl question by improving the girl.
Boston has shown th- way to a better condition of
things, and now let her take the lead and realize it
The kitchen is recognized as the difficult feature of
the reform programme, and of that it is s?.yl: "When
housekeeping is reorganized on a business basis the
present waste and drudgery and dirt in the house
kitchen will be abolished, and along with the soap
inaking will go the soupmaking and breadmaking —
the heavy kettles and greasy dishes. The cleaning of
fowls, the trimming of vegetables will be done out
side the house, and that bete noire, the garbage pail,
iviH be reduced to min2geable dimensions."
FUTURE HOUSEKEEPING.
rROM Boston comes a new contribution to the
servant-girl question. It is a suggestion that in
stead of trying to reform the servant girl the
housekeepers cf the bnd should direct their energies
toward a reform of domestic service. This reform is
to begin by so improving the construction of the
home that household work of all kinds can be done
vrithout drudgery. By the aid of scientific appliances
it is to be made possible to sweep rooms, make beds
and do the general cleaning with neatness and dis
patch, so that the housekeeper and her daughters can
do the whole thing without getting mussed up or
wean'. «
The Haywards man who is holding a child as host
age for the payment of a board bill must have; been
reading very closely the tactics of Li Hung Chang in
connection with the foreign envoys at Peking.
The Supervisors are concerned in seeing that fur
ther encroachments shall not be made upon the side
walks or the streets of the city. And still there is no
whispered protest to the Sullivan alley outrage.
Adventurous gold-seekers who are. just returning
from Cape Nome are unanimous on one point— those
who thought that they could prey. on the others have
found the game as profitless as it was dangerous.
Local Republicans have indicated with crushing
emphasis to that precious trio, Herrin, Kelly and
Crimmins, that the seat of political "purity in San
Francisco is not in a begrimed'ehair of a back room
of a groggery.
The young Los Angeles fellow who went the. pace
jtt the rate of $150 to $200 a day and dissipated a for
tune will possibly spend most of his other days chant
ing the refrain that things are not as they used to be.
but probably as they ought to be.
British newspapers are finding considerable pleas
ure in characterizing American diplomacy in • refer
ence to China as idyllic. Her Majesty's journalists
may take a very different view of the situation if
troops are landed at Shanghai.
Among the recent telegraphic dispatches. none, per
haps, records better news than that announcing the
fall of good rains over nearly the whole of the fam
ine districts of India. It will of course take a long
time to grow food and put an end to the destitution
of the people, but the worst of the horror is over,
and from this time forward the condition of the suf
ferers will steadily improve.
1 — n. ISPATCHES from Atlanta announce that
I ) since the recent election in North Carolina, at
* —^ which there was adopted a constitutional
amendment virtually abolishing negro suffrage in the
State, a movement to accomplish a similar result has
been started in Georgia. Prominent members of the
Legislature have declared an intention to propose
such an amendment to the Georgia constitution at
the next session and it is probable the plan will be
carried out.
Several schemes have been devised for excluding
the negro from the polls without violating the con
stitution of the United States and the original Missis
sippi plan has been exceeded in one way or another
by each successive State that has followed the lead.
That just adopted in North Carolina is the most
drastic and will doubtless be the one most closely
imitated by the Georgians. It declares:
Every person presenting himself for registration shall
be able to read and write any section of the constitu
tion In the English language; and, before he shall be
entitled to vote, he shall have paid on or before tha
first day of May. of the year In which he proposes to
vote, his poll tax for the previous year, as proscribed
by article 5, section 1 of the constitution. But no male
person who was on January 1, 1867, or .it any time prior
thereto, entitled to \vote under the laws of any State
in the United States wherein he then resided, and no
lineal descendant of any such person, shall be denied
the right to register nnd vote at any election in this
State by reason of his failure to possess the educational
qualification herein described, provided he shall have
registered in accordance with the terms of this section
prior to December 1, 1903.
It will be seen the amendment imposes an educa
tional and taxpaying qualification upon negroes, but
net upon the whites. Thus there will be no incentive
to advance the education of the negroes, and as they
will have no votes, the chances are the dominant
white race will not burden itself to support any con
siderable number of public schools for the blacks.
More than that; there will be no political force in the
South to guarantee the personal and property rights
of the blacks and as a consequence the whole situa
tion in that section of the Union is to be materially
altered for the worse.
The amendment was carried in North Carolina by
the activity of "red shirt" clubs and is therefore an
outcome of violence rather than of reason. It is to
be regarded as a partisan measure in the strictest
sense. The object is to make the South solid for
Democracy and as a result there will inevitably be a
protest against it from the people of the North. In
fact, that. protest is already heard from various quar
ters, and when^he time comes to apportion Represen
tatives under the census of this year it is certain ef-
THE SOUTH AND THE. NEGRO.
Observation of the excellent effect of leasing the
grazing lands of Texas has worked a change in West
ern opinion on that subject and there seems to be
I'othing now in the \\s.y of passage of a leasing act.
provided it originates in the West and that it protects
efficiently the rights of ?mall stockmen as well as
large, docs justice to abutting land-owners and im
poses no restriction uj'on actual settlers and mineral
prospectors. No law without these features ought to
pass. But one that squarely meets these conditions
and is left optional to counties west of the ninety
riinth meridian will prss and will work wonders for
the development of the West.
The result* is the sudden conversion of large num
bers of stockmen to the leasing policy, and their con
cession, thereunder, of rights to land-owners and
small stockmen, of leasehold rights on the range,
wliich have heretofore been denied them on the free
range. The opinion of a large number of land
owners and small stockmen was recently expressed
to the effect that they would rather pay 5 cents an
acre for leased range than have unprotected range
jyyi OST of the opposition to leasing the public
/ \ domain in regions where it is more valuable
* * for grazing than anything else has come
from quarters where the benefits of a leasehold in ex
clusive occupancy arc already enjoyed through viola
tions of the law against fencing the public domain.
This inclosing of the free range and prevention of its
free use began in one of the necessities of the graz
ing business. Cattle would drift away to places wher;
there was but little water and when this was gone
would perish for want of it. Hence the custom arose
of putting in "drift fences." From this plan to keep
stock within reach of permanent water grew up the
fencing of the whole range to secure its exclusive oc
cupancy. But this is forbidden by law and the Secre
tary of the Interior is having these fences removed.
Hundreds of miles of them have been taken down.
THE FREE RANGE.
"SAPHO" TO BE PRODUCED
AT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Such is the programme of labor in British politics,
and it is not at all an extravagant one Great Brit
ain has been regarded as the most conservative coun
try in Europe, and it may now take the lead in the
march to socialism as another illustration that it is
always the unexpected that happens.
For the^purpose of advancing socialism Mr. Hardie
suggests that the labor representatives in Parliament
form a group to themselves, ready to act at any given
time with any party which will be most compliant to
socialistic demands. He says: "The radicals in Par
liament, together with the Irish party, would prob
ably find common ground of action with such a group,
and as a result there would be a fighting force of,
say, 120. Resolutely led, by taking advantage of
every opportunity, it would steadily become a power
in the land, causing the Whigs to go over in form as
well as in spirit to their natural friends, the Tories,
and bringing the nation face to face with the straigh*
issue — socialism versus capitalism."
As to the programme of action after election, Mr.
Hardie says: "The principle of unity in the labor
movement in all lands is socialism, and, since there is
ho other possible, so it will be here. * * * The
coming of socialism is already admitted. Tories and
Liberals vie with each other at election times in for
mulating platforms which savor more and more of
socialism. Municipalities- are rapidly developing the
socialist spirit. It is estimated that in Great Britain
£400,000,000 worth of property is owned and con
trolled by municipal corporations in the form of land,
houses, .gas, water works, trams and the like. So
alarming has this side of socialism become to the
propertied- classes that the appointment of a parlia
mentary committee ha> been secured to consider how
best to check the movement. On the other hand,
mine-owners and railway companies, by their exor
bitant and vexatious charges, are bringing the na
tionalization of mines and railways well within the
sphere of practical politics."
There arc now twelve labor members in the House
of Commons. Each of these will seek re-election.
The Independent Labor party will nominate at least
twelve more, and may nominate as many as twenty
five. The trades unions will place ten ortwelve can
didates in constituencies not contested by the inde
pendents, and the Social Democratic Federation will
also contest a few seats. Altogether Mr. Hardie es
timates that not less than fifty candidates will go to
the polls under the auspices of the united labor par
ties, and he considers tha^ upward of half of them
will have a fair chance of election.
After pointing out that in the past the workingmen
of the unions have been divided between the Conser
vative and the Liberal parties, and that the efforts of
some of the unions to organize an independent labor
party have been antagonized not only by Tories bui
by radicals as well, he says the collapse of liberalism
since the death of Gladstone has prepared the way
for all radicals to act with the independent movement,
and accordingly that movement is to have from this
time forward a much greater force and momentum
than ever before. -.V:^ V
SOCIALISM IN BRITISH POLITICS.
KEIR HARDIE, who for some time' past has
been the ablest and most influential leader
among the organized workingmen ' of Grest
Britain/and who represents an important constituency
in Parliament, sets forth in the August number of
the Eorum a prospectus of what is likely to be the
political programme of the labor unions ol the king
dom in the coming general elections. It is essen
tially a programme of socialism, and presages the be
ginning of a radically new era in British politics.
TUESDAY AUGUST 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Proprietor.
Addrets All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. M*n*g*.
»A^OEjrSJJF£ICB :^j L:^^^
PtitLlCATXOS OFFICE. ..MnrU«t ond Third. S. F.
Tclrpbose Pr«i -Ol.
EDITORIAL noOMS....2J* to 221 SteTen«o» St.
Telephone Tresa 202.
• Dellrmd t»r C«rrl«-r«. 15 Crntm Per TVeele.
SliiRlr Coplr*. O C*Bti.
Terms l»y Mall. Including l B o«tnirei
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), cne year W-W
EAILY CALL. Uncludins Sunday). « month* JJJ
DA!LT C/LL Oncludlns Sundar). * mon«5« - *•?•
DAILY CALI^-B» Single Month — °™
*UKI>AT CALL. On* Y*ar ' ~JZ
WKEKLT CALX. On« Tear... *- w
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦ nbMCrtptlona.
F«ljix>1* ecple* «111 be forwajfled when rrquested
iUil eubscrlbfru In orCerinR change of *&&T**t «fcou!d b«
¦articular to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRZE3 In order
to Insure a prempt and correct compliance witb t&elr request.
O4K1.ami OFFICE Ill* Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNES3.
Man££er Foreign Ad-ertisinj, Marquetta Building, Chicago.
(Lore Distance Telephone "Central MU."')
KEW TORK COUItESPCCCDKNT:
C C. CARLTON. „ Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH., 30 Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEVTS 6TAXDS:
Etennia House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
YTKncet Xlpase. Auditorium Hotel.
JCEW TORK KEWS STAITOSt
Wa24orf -Astoria Hotel; A. KrecUco, V. U&Ioa Bqctrsf
Hurray hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondsnt.
BRAT.CP OFFICES— CJ7 Montcomerr. comer of Clay, opca
until 9:30 o'clock. £00 Hayes, opc-a until «:30 o'clock. 631'
McAllister, opra until S:3J o'clock. €15 Larkla. open until
»:B0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. C€l Market,,
comer Sixteenth, cr>en until 9 o'clock. IBS* Valencia, cpeaj
until • o'clock. i(K Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NTV oor
»er Tweaty-c«oond tad Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
No comment is needed. The Examiner could not
have more exactly traversed Bryan's acceptance
speech if it had been possessed of a very advanced
copy. Yet that paper and Mr. Hearst's New York
and Chicago organs ask anti-expansionists and gold
Democrats to leave the silver question dead in the
morgue and put in power a Bryan administration, to
be subject to such unprincipled influence.
We think both "classes will answer the lure as
Thomas II. Benton did the inquiry whether he would
support his son-in-law, Fremont, for the Presidency:
"Not in the daytime, *ir: not in the daytime."
It is perhaps worth while to point out that the
"simple machinery of our popular domestic Govern-'
ment" of which Mr. Cleveland speaks will neither be
changed at home nor employed abroad should It be
come necessary to administer outside .dependencies. ¦ It
is in the power and right of Congress to devise any sort
of system that may apply to the conditions of such
dependencies, and this power Is in no wise limited by
the national constitution, nor does its application In
volve any modification of our domestic system. All this
was pointed out and explained in the recent decision
written by Judge Morrow of the Circuit Court of
Appeals on the Alaska liquor cases.
All these things which we have stated are familiar
knowledge, but they do not appear to make part of
the intellectual equipment of tha superior person, who
puts his faith in adjectives and expects people to take
him for granted.
Let us examine the adjectives. "Monarchical haz
ard?." The most remarkable example in the history
of the world of the assumption of hazards such as Mr.
Cleveland indicates with fear and abhorrence is furn
ished by England, and in faith England has prospered
indifferently well under all that load of "monarchical
hazards." The fact that (England's institutions are as
free and as democratic as our own; the fact that the
English nation is the most powerful and 'the most en
lightened in the Old World, despite its "schemes of
imperialism"— these facts and others of like tenor and
meaning do not appear to affect Mr. Cleveland's pho
phetic vision, and he leaves us to infer his belief that
"in the light of history and reason such positions bring
in their train a people's demoralization."
The dear old "landmarks!" The •nicked "monarchical
hazards:" The abominable "schemes of imperialism!"
Tftese are the familiar commonplaces of the superior
person doing duty in the muddy vesture of pomposity;
but. after all, calling names, even names of many syl
lables, is not argument. It is the vice of the superior
person to pin. his cause to an adjective propelled by
the weight o? a self-important personality.
"When you come to analyze the stuffing, it is disap
pointing. The air of pretension with which the wisdom
cf our "wisest and best" is put forward seems scarcely
justified by the solemn stupidities of ponderous
commonplace, which they found on doubtful facts, and
the disasters they predict should their advice be dis
regarded. The heat and burden of Mr. Cleveland's
prophetic soul are described by him like this:
"If, then, the suggestion is made that the time has
come for our nation to abandon its landmarks and to
follow, the lights of monarchical hazards, and that we
should attempt to employ the simple machinery of our
popular and domestic Government to serve the schemes
of imperialism, your challenge of the proposition is
entirely in order. If you are satisfied that foreign con
quest and unnatural extension or annexation are dan
gerous perversions of our national mission, and if it shall
seem to you in the light of reason and history that
such positions bring in their train a people's demoraliza
tion and a decay of popular content, more surely de
structive to the republic than armies with banners, you
will not necessarily be wrong."
One more of the "wisest and best" has spoken. "When
Professor Norton announced that the American people
had been driven into this war against the advice of their
"wisest and best," he surely included Grover Cleveland
in that category of arrogant assumption. The stuffed
prophet — to borrow the phrase of one who knew him
well— has proclaimed his disapproval of the war and
his hostility to any extension of territory.
We reproduce in full this Examiner editorial,
printed less than two years ago, to which we invite
the attention of genuine anti-expansionists and the
gold Democrats. Under the caption, "The Superior
Person," the Examiner said:
The insincerity of the Examiner and the flippant
flexibility of its principles may- be shown by a little
backsight. Not long ago it boasted almost a copy
right of the phrase "little Americans," as applied to
all who opposed holding the Philippines, to which it
demanded that we "nail the flag."
THE Examiner is ecstatic over Colonel Bryan's
first ¦ acceptance speech. In several kinds of
type, all large,- it quotes from and commends
that oration as if it were the first reference to the sub
jects treated, and came from an inspired prophet. It
speaks of Republican opposition to-free silver as do
ing "the ghoul act with a buried issue," and boasts
that "they will find the morgue deserted and the peo
ple lined up on the burning questions that live and
confront them." It characterizes the speech as "a
clear-cut gospel based on the constitution," to which
"no Republican logician can cleave to the constitu
tion and truthfully reply."
This rhapsody is addressed to Colonel Bryan's de
nunciation of expansion and his views on the Philip
pines, which would never have been among our af
flictions had he not lobbied to ratify the treaty of
Paris.
POLITICAL BACKSIGHT.
"Otello" Continues to Pack the Tivoli— A^uir.
of Sable" Is Produced at the Alcazar and
Is Verv Well Received.
TRILBY," the ever-pcpular. is the J
offering of the New Frawleys this
II week at the Grand Opera-house, an.l
last night saw the big house filled
from floor to ceiling with a crowd appre
ciative to the actual echo of the "Ben
Bolt" banality, and Zou-Zou's fetching
"La-la-lalala!"
, Of Trilby itself there is nothing left to
i say. No plot or play is probably more
familiar to the theater-going public than
this dramatization of Du Maurier's book,
and but few plays seem to arouse the
curious kind of personal affection with
which this gloriously impossible creation
is regarded; hence the inevitable crowd
and appreciation. Three figures stand out
prominently in the cast— Trilby, Svengali
and Zou-Zou, and an equaiy measure of
praise is the meed of each. >
As Trilby, MLss Van Buren achieved a
distinct success. From her first apoear
ance In the studio of the three, arf tne
barefooted, big-hearted, top-coated .cam
arade, to her exit as the dying Mme.
bvengali, famous, wealthy, beautiful.
Miss Van Buren's Trilby was a gracious
conception. Picturesque, lovable, sym
metrical, the part may be placed with
this clever actress' best work. The
musical Jew, Svengali, with his hypnotic
peculiarities, is a deservedly famous
creation of Wilton Lackaye/s. His make
up is marvelously clever, "and the mes
meric business would do credit to a
Kennedy. He rises to a fine climax in the
death scene, which is as good a thing In
its way as Mr. Lackaye has ever done.
Zou-Zou, the effervescent, sparkling
young Due do la Rochemartel. was ex
cellently well done by Ignaclo Martinetti.
who seems to have more temperament
and nerve than the rest of the
cast combined. Little Billee was fairly
well played by Henry Roberts and Har
rington Reynolds and H. S. Duffleld did
good work with Taffy and Sandy. Phosa
McAllister's Mme. Vlnard was a careful
and conscientious portrait — she is always
to be relied upon— and for the rest the
work was acceptable. •_
In spite of rather long waits the play
went exceedingly well, the stage-setting,
notably in the second scene, was excep-
tlonal'.y admirable, and the "business;; of
the famous studio scene was ver>
erly arranged. ,
Alcazar.
••A Suit of Sable." a three-act comedy
drama by Charlotte Thompson wa^gt^en
Its first presentation at the A '^ a
Theater last evening. At the end of the
second act the authoress -was cal.ed to
the front and both she and Miss Florence
RoBerts. who took the leading role were
the recipients of many Hewers A Suit
of Sable 11 is a story of a ypunjf.TO
home from boarding-school full of U re
make life a burden to her ar.d she set^s
adventure by appearing as 1 a in tian . c !^ e^
the bachelor rooms of her cousin. A sc en*
follows the "expected advent of ner
father and aunt, but the difflcult> is
straightened out by her manning tne
1 ' Alcazar management spared no
palr.s in arranging an elaborate stage set
ting and the costumes were elegant. Phe
Alcazar company put forth every effort to
do justice to the play and there * as i not
a hitch from start to finish. Miss iRoberH
as Dorothea Van Dresser, the wayvvarU
heroine, could not have been better. h "e
Whittlesey showed to fine advantage as
John Wllloughby. the cousin. George : P.
Webster as the butler and Maggie Francis
Leavey. a maid, made no end of amuse
ment. Lorena Atwood Frank G. Cotter
Edwin T. Emery and Marie Wood were
also pleasing in their work. On Thursday
afternoon Miss Laura Crews will have a
farewell benefit prior to eolng East.
"Sapho" is to be revived soon.
Orpheum.
Mrs. Bessie Blitz-Pax ton will do. She
has caught on with the Orpheum gallery:
likewise with the more aristocratic
groundlings. Neither the upper nor the
nether audience could withstand unmelted
the melting loveliness of her eyes. A
sweet, full voice, well under control; a
fine figure, not too robust, yet far from
frail; a graceful action and a natural
smile — these are the qualities that have
won for her a name in vaudeville. She
was called out four times before tm» cur
tain and was presented with almost a
wagonload of flowers laat n'Kht. an. ths
Orpheum gallery ross up at her ami ap
plauded again and again. After all, blood
W Mrs tel paxton is not the only **cg}£*
feature of the programme at the Orpheum
this week. Laura Bennett and Salho
Stembler can sins and act and they won
the house in "Sapho and Lulu, a c!pv«
.i..,.s bv Cleortse M. Cohan. The four
julRllnB • 5ohn»n« do wonderful thing,
with the Indian clubs, and Marart s docs
and monkeys are the most original thins*
in the animal line that have been teen
here in many a day. Sam Morris an.l
Caroline lrwln In -Jacks Thanksgiving'
furnish volumes of fun. and the Meeker-
Baker trio are as acceptable as ever. A
-hlrty pair of dancers are Charles Hooker
and Ma Belle Davis. Jolly John Nash
was encored for his laughins song ar,l
the American biograph. with scenes in tha
Philippines, evokcd_enthuslastlc applause.
California.
"The Brownies" made their reappear
ance at the California Theater last night,
and the audience to welcome them waa
not nearly so large as these exceedin^!;.
clever little people deserve. They give an
entertainment that is most attractive,
novel and varied. Maud Sorenscn stand a
first among them for "the poetry of mo
tion " Queenie Tilton ar.d Eva Lerner.
two'very small Blrls. sang coon songs and
a Tyrolean duet that "brought down thj
house "» and Qucer.ies buck and v.ins
dancing was superb. lone McLouth sar.tr
"Com?ng\hro- the Rye" in a manner that
would shame many a professional. >h*
has a voice of rare sweetness and sympa
thy. Brnnle Leraer. Carl Johnson ami
Arthur Parent sang well, and Johr.sori
gave an exhibition of buck and wing Cane-,
ing that was generously applaud!.
Among the other star performers were
Mildred Fitzgerald. Blanche Trelease. Li
lian Rhodes. Philip Atkins. Zena Keef-.
Florence Emory. Marie Louise Conkey.
Edna Miner, the Holland sisters and tho
silver ballet girls. The transformation
scene was a fitting climax to an excellent
evening's entertainment.
Columbia.
There was no "Monday night drop" at
the Columbia last evening, and according
to the boxofflce Indications "Heartsease*
will continue to draw crowded houses un-.
til Thursday evening, when it is to glvn
place to "The Adventures cf Lady Ur
sula " one of the great successes of tho
Miller season last year. "The Adventures
of Lady- Ursula" will be followed by Th*>
Only Way." which is to be staged for tna
first time in this city next Monday nighu
J.H. Stoddard. Daniel H. Harkins. Joseph
Brennan and Margaret Robinson have ar
rived here from New York expressly top
the purpose of Joining Miller's company,
in this production.
Tivoli.
"Otello" has proved a drawing card aft.
the Tlvoll. It was advertised for one week.
but so great was the demand for seats
that the opera had to be continued. Last
night there was "standing room only.
Signor Salassa carried off the honors,
while Signor Avedano made a very ac
ceptable Otello.
Olympia.
The Olympia bill for this week is better
than usual. The sixth series of "Living
Statuary" is something quite unique and
the rest of the programme is good.
Fischer's Concert House.
The large audience at Fischer's Concert
house enjoyed a programme new in every
particular last night. Miss Ethel La
Crolx, a promising soprano, made her pro-
fesslonal debut and wad warmly encored
for both Strelezkl's "Happy Days" and
"The Winter Lullaby" of Reginald da
Koven. Irene Franklin, a cornet virtuoso,
did some clever triple-tongulng work, and
little Hazel Sexton, a talented child per
former, made .an instantaneous hit. Eu
dora Forde, the contralto, sang an
aria from "Samson and Delilah/' by
Salnt-Saens, and the Bach-Gounod ar
rangement of "Ave Maria." Minnie
and Stella Berlin sang some pleas
ing solos and duets and Conlon and Ryder
gave variety to the entertainment by a
grotesque acrobatic act. Hinrlchs* Or
chestra gave new selections and the mov-t
Ing pictures were most interesting. ¦
Chutes.
The Chutes has a good bill this week,
the) leading features are Kalcratls, a',
clever Juggler; Baby Ruth Roland, ftv
coon songs and dances; Zarella. mlmlo.
and musical artist; La Llsta, In her beau
tiful myriad dances, and the best numbers,
from last week's bill, Including new mov-.
Ing pictures. .¦¦.-..--•¦¦-¦->- .-¦• i > '¦„-,.
Burton Holmes Lectures,
The Burton Holmes lecture for Thurs-,
day afternoon, and Sur.day night of this,
week Is to be upon the subject of "Mokl '
Land." Some magnificent Illustrations ara|
promised.
"TRILBY" FILLS THE GRAND OPERA
HOUSE AND SCORES ANOTHER HIT
Moreover, the South may lose industrially as well
as politically by the new policy. In a review of the
subject in the current number of the Forum the
Hon. Charles Grosvenor of, Ohio, after briefly de
scribing how much ithe South; has prospered during
the thirty years of negro suffrage and how much has
been gained by both races, says: "It will be marvel
ous if disfranchisement does not stop all or practically
all progress in this direction. What has the colored
man to look forward to? Why should he educate
himself and his children? He will retrace the steps
he has taken toward good citizenship more rapidly
than he has advanced. It is the history of the world
and there is no escape from the blighting effects."
The tendencies of the new policy will, of course, be
closefy watched from'the North, and while there is
every desire on the part of all to avoid another issue
of a sectional character, yet it may be forced by the re
sults of this wholesale disfranchisement of voters. It
is a desperate game that the Southern leaders have
undertaken to play and the consequences to them
may be almost as direful as secession itself.
forts will be made 10 so limit the number of Con
gressmen from the South that the Democrats of that
section will not gain from the suppression of the
negro vote so much political profit as they expected.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, .TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1900.
Dr. Sleg-ert's Angostura Bitters Is known all
over the world as" Use sreat regulator of th»
digestive organs. .,-.•*
6
AHUSEMEUTS.
Orand Oj>era-House — "Trilby."
California— "The Brownie* in Fairyland."
TlvoU— "Ricoletto."
Alcazar— "A Suit of Sable."
Columbia — ' "Heart sease."
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlrx.
riecher 1 * — Vaudeville.
Butro Baths— Open NlcMs.
State Fair. Sacramento— September 3 to 15.
AUCTION SAIxES.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— Tuesday, August 14, at 1*
o'clock. Horses, at "Z1 Howard street.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Malbi
on Application.
ATTOR!«EY.
F. H. MER2BACH. lawyer. M3 Cal.. Clnnle Bg. • •
COAL, COKB AND PI3 IMOX
Jr U'll £01 * m iC0 Battery Str««t.
• t- nlL3Ua tt UJ-, Telephone Mala IStC;
COPPERSMITH.
f nr CM1TR Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
Lr IT* dalllQi Ehip Work a specialty. II aa4
18 Washington it. Telephone Main MU.
ELECTRICAL.
p. p. -WAS3. Electrie>t EngtngCT. u gat St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS,
tip OAVCC Jt m Shipping Butcher*. WV
JAS- DUiCJ & tV/» Clay. TeL Main 134.
0ALVANIZIN3 AND METALS.
Mrr. & Dealer in Metals & GalTaniiln*. JOHJf
FIXN METAL WORKS. 115 Howard rt.
HARNESS DRE5SIN0.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserm on
elrthVisc. Robinson Chem. Co.. UP Howard.
LITHOGRAPHINO.
Union Llthop-aph Co^jp Sansome at.. Artl«t £
Lithographers and Printers. Government LU .
"""ffor lmprtntlng of Revenne Stan??*. I
~~~ METAL.
Fxtra linotrPe « nd stereotype metaJ. Pacific!
Mrtal Workt »?-» F»"t st.. San Francisco.
OILS.
T T-TmiCATIVO OILS. UIOSARD A El*"
JJ: «" Fr^m .°. 8. F. Phon» Main 1713.
~~ PAINTS.
CTllnder A Lnbrtcatir.* Oll». Schneider's Mining
Candle. CTO. CLINCH A CO.. 9 ITront. 3. F.
' PRIMTI.1J.
p r frnftin;? printer,
F. C nUUnfcS. m Sansom» St.. 9. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,
' 23 First it. San Francisco.
STATIONED AND PRINTED.
Telesrapblo P|RTR1Tlfi? ** c *»fornl»
Codes. Irtftlftmuii street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SS^&aK
DIAMOND COAL. MININO CO.. at lt« GREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES^ la the Best Coal In ih*
market. Ofllc* and Tard»— >50 M/iin strait.
LOANS
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT..
tnsTALLMcnr plan. 4
$13 63 a month pays up a $1000 loan In 13
Tears; $20 80 In 5 years.
Citizens' Building and loan Association,
S3 ilONTGOilEHr ST.So aoon as nature Be*s an Improvement, th^ro
is a change. The candle gave way to elec
tricity; th« spinning wheel to machinery; tho
horsn to the automobile.' The fact that'Kok
tetter's Stomach Bitters . baa been sold .• for
over half a century proves \ its value. Them
la nothing to equal It for; stomach or ; liver
trouble. - t It ' U nature's ' own remedy,,; and the
only one to cure dyspepsia or weak stomach.
Passing of tlie Horse.
Southfleld- ¦Wellington Coal, .
with which Cook can please all. • •
An offering of 5140 to the Indian . famine
fund was made on • Sunday • last by the
First United Presbyterian . Church of this
city and •••¦Its Young People's Societies,
making a total of $230. contributed to this
fund by. that church since April. ¦¦
Indian Famine Fund.
The will of Jane E. Rockwell, who died
in July; was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent ; bequeaths an estate valued at
514,000 to her daughter, Charlotte L. Rock
well.
Jane E. Rockwell's Will.
J. K. C. Hobbs, a member of the firm
of Hobbs, Wall & Co., and also a member
of the Republican County Committee, was
fined $20 for contempt of court by Judge
Hunt yesterday. . Hobbs failed to obey a
summons to report for Jury duty and was
adjudged guilty of contempt. f^
Fined for Contempt.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by. Frank C. Fulton against Isabelle Ful
ton for desertion; Emma J. Brand against
Harry Brand for cruelty; Samuel E.
Baxter against Minnie E. Baxter for de
sertion; Prudential E. Zook against Lloyd
C. Zook for failure to -provide:- Julia
Leavy against - Christopher Leavy for
cruelty, and Elizabeth Weber against
Gustave Weber for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
United States Secret Service Operator
Robert S. Browne has' resigned, and Har
ry Moffitt. until recently Deputy United
States Marshal, has been appointed In his
stead, to take office on the 20th of this
month. Mr. Browne succeeded Kick-Har
ris 'two years ago as chief of the United
States Secret Service for this division
which embraces all the territory west of
the Rocky Mountains. Browne In "turn
was succeeded by George W. Hazen, the
Incumbent. ; v
Mr. Browne intends engaging In mer
cantile pursuits in this city where the
profits are larger than the salary of a se
cret service : agent. - . -
Place Will Be Filled by Ex-Dsputy
United States Marshal Harry
Moffitt.
OPERATOR BROWNE HAS
RESIGNED HIS JOB
Burglary South of Market.
A stationery store kept by Mary Koeh
loderfer at 743 Brannan street was en
tered by burglars Saturday night. The
cash register was -broken open and the
contents, amounting to $4.. taken. An en
trance was effected by prying open a rear
window with a jimmy.
Australian bushmen are being offered
farms free of cost in Rhodesia. ,
Another ten-dollar excursion Is scheduled
for Lake Tahoe next Saturday night, Au
gust, 18. This is likely to be the last of
the season at this cheap rate, so if you
contemplate going do not risk delay. ' Re
member what it includes— Saturday night
and Sunday night on the train,, with
sleeping-car expenses all paid, and all day
Sunday on beautiful Lake Tahoe. Five
hundred and twenty miles of travel, prac
tically no loss of time from business and
a day. at one of the world's great resorts —
all for $10.
Tickets on sale at the Southern Pacific
city ticket office, 613 Market street.
One More Ten-Dollar Tahoe Ex
cursion.
TAKE ADVANTAGE
. WHILE YOU CAN
H. Monsen, a Cook, Swears That
They Stole His Valise and
Money.
H. Monsen, a cook living- at 51 Clay
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Ca
banlss' court yesterday for the arrest of.
Coney Galgan, a peddler, on the charge
of grand larceny. Monsen alleges that
Galgan and two other peddlers stole his
valise last Tuesday, which contained $260
in coin and a new suit of clothes. O. Cun
ningham, said to be another of the trio,
was arrested last night.
Monsen had been cook at the leper hos
pital for some months. He quit last Tues
day. Putting his money and clothes Into
thv valise he celebrated the event of his
leaving. While he was under the influ
ence of liquor the three peddlers made
their appearance with muskmelons. They
offered to take Monsen's valise to 51 Clay
street an>1 drove away with it. Since then
Monscr. has not seen or heard of them.
PEDDLERS ACCUSED OF
GRAND LARCENY
Says Slie Assisted in Forcing Him
to Sign Note at Point of
Pistol.
John Richardson, the machinist who
was compelled to sign a promissory note
for $100 at the point of a pistol, as related
In yesterday's Call, swore to a warrant
yesterday charging Olive Breneman, alias
Olive Gardner, one of the alleged con
spirators, with extortion. She waa ar
rested shortly afterward and locked up in
the City Prison. The woman was Rich
ardson s housekeeper, and. according to
his story, she and a man for whom the
detectives are looking entered his private
apartments shortly after midnight Satur
day and forced him to sign his name to a
promissory note. The man, Richardson
says, held a revolver to hi? head and
threatening to make him a subject for the
Coroner, compelled him to sign the note,
after which he and the woman left the
house. ,
Mrs. Breneman emphatically denies that
she was a party to the crime. She says
that Saturday night Richardson choked
her and as she feared that he intended
to kill her, she left his home and rented
a room in a lodginp-house on Market
Ftreet. She claims that sho waa engaged
to be married to Richardson, but this is
denied by him.
Richardson adheres to his original
statement that the woman was one of the
conspirators and he Intends to vigorously
prosecute her on the charge of extortion.
RICHARDSON CAUSES THE
ARREST OF MRS. BRENEMAN
Wholesalers Sign Promise Not to Sell
to Consumers, Large Hotels
Excepted.
There is rejoicing among the legion o£_
retail grocery dealers. in the city over
a promise by the wholesale grocers not
to sell to ordinary consumers. A docu
ment setting forth this promise has been
signed by nearly every wholesale grocer
In San Francisco. The exceptions aro
firms' dealing principally with shipping
and they do not, according to President
Alpers of the Retail Grocers* Association,
cut much figure with the local trade. No
threat was made for non-compliance with
the demand of the retailers, but there
was some talk about establishing closer
relations with the broker3 if the whole
salers were obstinate.
The wholesalers, retailers and brokers
or manufacturers' agents were all inter
ested. Still another large class, hearing
of what was going on, manifested con
cern but could take no part in the pro
ceedings. These were the keepers of pri
vate boarding-houses and proprietors of
smaller restaurants. They have been ac
customed - to buying, small lots from
wholesale grocers. The retailers particu
larly have objected to this practice.
The wholesalers claimed that the large
hotels should be excepted from the rul«
suggested by the retailers, because such
hotels purchase In very large quantities,
and this was conceded.
RETAIL GROCERS HAVE
SECURED CONCESSIONS
Dr. Thomas L. Hill, dentist, haa re
turned. I. O. O. F. building. •
We now come to a great name In the
history of American exploration. Rene-
Robert Caveller, "Sleur de la Sarle, waa
born In 1643 of a wealthy merchant fam
ily of Rouen. In 1666 he came to Canada
to seek his fortune, and In the course of
the next twelve years engaged In busi
ness as a fur trader, and traveled exten
sively in the wilderness south of lakes
For several days they paddled on with
out seeing the faintest trace of human
habitation. At length, on the 25th, they
found a well-trodden path on the west
bank, leading from the river Inland. Leav
ing their men behind, the two leaders
followed the path for several miles, until
they reached an Indian village on the
banks of a stream which may have been
the Des Moines. Here they were hespit
ably received. "Frenchmen, how bright
the sun shines- when you come to visit
us," said the chief, holding up his hands
as If to shield his eyes. Marquette, who
knew several Indian languages, had no
difficulty in addressing them. The chief
replied in flattering terms, 1 assuring them
that "their presence added flavor to his
tobacco, made the river more calm, the
sky more serene and the earth more beau
tiful." A feast followed, in which a large
dog, killed and cooked for the occasion,
was a prominent dish. On the following
morning the hospitable Indians— €00 In
number— escorted their white, guests to
their canoes and bade them farewell.
Slowly they drifted down the river.
When nearly opposite the present site of
Alton their superstitious fears and antipa
thies were aroused at the sight of two
hideous monsters painted on the rocks by
the Indians as representations of their
gods. Many years later. long after the
effigies had disappeared, came the money
worshipping white man and put in the
place of the Indian deities a huge adver
tisement of "plantation bitters.
Presently a rer.1 danger appeared as a
torrent of yellow mud rushed furiously
athwart the calm current of the Missis
sippi. boiling, surging and sweeping in Its
course logs, hranches and uprooted trees.
It was the Missouri, and on its turbid
flood the light canoes were tossed In an
alarming way. for Marquette wrote: "I
never saw anything more terrific. But
they escaped Injury and floated down,
past the site of St. Louis, then, of course,
an unbroken wilderness, and past .the
mouth of the Ohio, the "Beautiful River
of the French. Northern trees began to
give place to the straight -stems and
feathery plumes to cane brakes, and the
heat of the sun became each day more
difficult to endure. When near the mouth
of the- Arkansas River they decided to
retrace their course. Nothing would be
gained by following the Mississippi far
ther, for they now knew that It emptied
Into the Gulf of Mexico. So on the 17th
of July they turned their canoes north
ward and began their long and -weary
journey homeward. They followed the
Mississippi until they reached the mouth
of the Illinois, went up that river some
distance, then with Indian guides crossed
the country to Lake Michigan, and—coast
ing along its shore reached Green Bay at
the close of September. They had been
gone about four months and had paddled
their canoe somewhat more than 2500
miles.
On the 17th of May, 1673. the two lead
ers, with five men, started on their ad
venturous journey from the Straits of
Michillimackinac. In their two birch
bark canoes they coasted along the north
ern shore of Lake Michigan and down on
the west to the head of Green Bay. There
they entered and went up the Fox River,
crossed Lake Winnebaso. then followed
the river beyond through endless growths
of wild rice, from which the frightened
wild fowl rose in great flocks. With the
help of Indian guides they passed from
the Fox River to the Wisconsin, upon
which they launched their canoes, not
knowing whether their destination was
the Gulf of Mexico or the Pacific. On
June 17 they saw before them the broad
current of the Mississippi, and. reaching
It, turned their canoes southward, "with
a great joy which I cannot express,"
wrote Marquette.
When Frontenac became Governor of
Canada, in 1672, he commissioned Louis
Jollet and Jacques Marquette to discover
and explore the river. Joliet waa a young
man, 27 years of age. who had been edu
cated for the priesthood but had chosen
instead the life of a fur trader. His com
panion. Marquette. was 35 years old and
had already made his mark as a zealous
Jesuit missionary.
white men for 132 years, and the fact of
its discovery was well-nigh faded out of
memory. Distorted accounts of it from
the Indians reached the French In Cana
da, awakening curiosity and suggesting a
new trade route to the ocean, though
whether it would lead to the Atlantic or
the Pacific was long a matter of conjec
ture. The prevailing opinion for awhile
was that It emptied into the Vermillion
Sea— namely, the Gulf of California.
ROBERT C. D. LA SALLE.
Interesting Programme for Coming
Year's Work Outlined by Pres
ident C. C. Young.
The annual v business meeting of the
San Francisco Teachers' Club convened
last night in the clubrooms in the Mer
cantile Library building. The election cf
new officers was the most important fea
ture of the occasion.
Retiring President Kellogg presided.
He was succeeded after the installation
of officers had taken place by the newly
elected president, C. C. Young, of the
Lowell High School. The election was
made by an Informal ballot. No opposi
tion was made against any of the candi
dates. The names of the new club oltl
cors follow: President, C. C. Young of
the Lowell High School; vice president.
M. L. O'Neal, Laguna Honda School; sec
retary. Miss M. M. Fitzgerald, Denmau
Gramma School; treasurer, Tracey Kel
ley, Lowell High School; librarian, Joy
Lichtenstein: directors— \V. A. Lygelt,
Lincoln Grammar School, and Mrs. E. M.
North Irving Scott School.
The dues of the club were reduced to
50 cents per month. Many new applica
tions for membership came up at the
meeting. All were acted favorably upon.
Cyrus "White, principal of the Spring
Valley School. Introduced Its new presi
dent to the club. Mr. Young expressed his
gratification at being elected to so im
portant an office. He then briefly
sketched the plans of the club for the
coming year. Mrs. E. C. B. Fasslt will
deliver a series of lectures on art, as
will Miss Katherine M. Ball. Civics are
to be made a prominent study and much
attention will be given to physical cul
ture and manual training.
TEACHERS' CLUB ELECTS
NEW SET OF OFFICERS
Evidence of the fact that the German
"war lord" expects a prolonged and seri
ous conflict In China Is accumulating rap
idly in this city. The latest proof of the
fact that he means business and that the
almond-eyed barbarians will have to set
tle accounts with him is the arrival here
of representatives of the German army
and of the two great steamship lines of
the Fatherland.
Among the guests that registered at the
Palace last night' were Major von Klelst
and Lieutenants vonBorcke and Von Loen
of the Kaiser's army, and Messrs. Berg
mann. Hupfeld and Lobenstein. repre
sentatives of the North German Lloyd and
the Hamburg-American steamship compa
nies. The army men are from Berlin and
the others from Hamburg. Elsewhere is
told the story of the approaching arrival
of ten transports, which will be employed
to convey animals and supplies to the
German soldiers In China.
"We are here." paid Major von Kleist,
"as a result of the complications in the
Chinese realm. Myself and Lieutenants
von Borcke ana I.oen are detailed to su
pervise, the purchase of horses, mules,
forage and general food supplies for the
German army in China, and the other
gentlemen In our party will devote their
attention to expediting the docking, load
ing and forwarding of the transports that
are to arrive here from Germany. Owing
to the situation on the. other side of the
Pacific It will be necessary to do fast
work In the transportation of army sup
plies. Whether or. not we can accomplish
this feat remains to be seen. Our stay
here is scheduled indefinitely and depends
entirely on developments In the Far
East."
The German Government is doing busi
ness through TV. R. Grace & Co.. who are
acting as the Emperor's agents. It is
stated that one of their commissions is
to purchase 5000 horses and mules to be
shipped to China, with the necessary sup
ply of forage. They ¦will also be the pur
chasing agents In connection With the
commissary department. It Is further an
nounced that the firm in question has ac
cumulated a large number of horses that
are now being- broken and trained for the
service near Baden. "
The demand for horses has been so
great during the past two years that the
market is practically barren, and prices
are on the jump.— The United States Gov
ernment Is still in the field after a large
number cf equlnes, and the gentlemen
from Germany will find serious difficulty
in securing their required quota. >>
Five Thousand Horses and Necessary
Forage, as Well as Large
Quantities of Food Re
quired.
Here to Obtain Supplies for
German Soldiers in
China.
WAR LORD HAS
HIS AGENTS IN
SAN FRANCISCO
NEW AMERICAN TOUR-MASTED BARK EDWARD SEWALL.
As an instance of the value of this kind
of advertising to the wine men of ; this
State, It may be rtated that houses whose
¦wines are on the list are now receiving
direct orders for their products from peo
ple who tried the wines' with their meals
on the cars and found them entirely/ to
their taste. It is expected that the suc
cess of the railroad company in question
will lead others to adopt its sensible
policy. • 1 :-.j •¦-.•• . <&J}\'
Phylloxera, powdery mildew and sun
burn may assail the wine vineyards of
California, but the industry of preparing
the grape juice for the public stomach,
so far as its fame is concerned, continues
to prosper. Consumers of the wholesome
beverage who have long been prejudiced
in favor of the French product are discov
ering that In 'the land of gold there are
produced wines that compare favorably
with the best in the world.
The men who make the 'wines' that are
bringing fame to. the California vine
yards and cellars say. that the worst ene
mies of the California productions are
Americans— those who are faddists and
think that nothing good can come from
the cellars of this State. It is true that
they are gradually discovering their er
ror, but the progress In" this line is not
what it ought to be.
Recently there has come into the field
a new champion of the Golden State vint
ages and a worthy and helpful champjon
it Is. On the ground of merit and possi
bly with some consideration of the ques
tion of loyalty to American Industries,
the New York Central" Railway Company
has undertaken to popularize the wines
of California by giving them prominence,
not only on its wine lists on the dining
and bufTet cars, but it Is making a fea
ture of these vineyard products. Eastern
papers have v tak»?n up the question and
prominently called attention to the In
novation and to the merits of the Amer
ican productions.' This lias been done
through the efforts of the company, but
Its labors have not stopped there. Hun
dreds of thousands of excerpts of these
favorable notices have been, sent broad
cast throughout the land, and wherever
there is an organization of "business or
professional men its members have been
made acquainted with the fact that Cali
fornia wines are not only specially served
on the cars of the company, but that they
are of exceptional excellence. • ¦
Business and Professional Msn of the
United States Assured of tbe
Excellence of the
Vintages.
New York Central Booming
Products of California
Vineyards.
BIG RAILROAD
COMPANY MAKES
WINES POPULAR
After De Soto's ill-starred expedition
the great river remained unvisited 'by
Men of rank and full of the spirit of
adventure were eager to join his standard,
so that he had no difflculty in collecting
"a band as gallant and well appointed, as
eager in purpose and audacious In hope as
ever trod the shores of the New "World."
They landed, 120 strong, at Tampa Bay,
Florida, in 1539. We know, of course, what
awaited them and how Impossible of ful
fillment were their golden dreams. But
how could they know it beforehand? They
wandered about in the present States of
Florida. Georgia, Alabama and Mississip
pi, until in the third year, in 1541, they
reached a great river, "almost hall a
league wide, deep, rapid and constantly
rolling down trees and driftwood on its
turbid current." It was the Mississippi,
the "father of waters," now seen for the
first time by white men. They crossed the
river at the lowest Chickasaw bluff and
continued their wanderings on the other
side until it was evident to all that their
enterprise was a complete failure. Then
they returned to the river, and De Soto,
his proud spirit completely broken, suc
cumbed to his misfortunes and died. To
keep his body from the Indians hi3 com
panions sunk it at midnight in the river.
There was now no thought in any mind
but that of escape from the terrible wil
derness. Kventually the survivors, only
one-half the original number, half-clad,
sickly and starving, made their way down
the river and reached a Spanish settle
ment.
IX.
The achievements of Cortez and Pizarro
In conquering the wealthy kingdoms of
Mexico and Peru stimulated the ambi
tion and cupidity of Spaniards and turned
attention to the unexplored regions north
of the gulf. What more likely than that
a third golden harvest In that quarter
awaited the clutch of a strong and daring
hand? Hernando de Soto marked these
Imaginary riches for his prey. He had
accompanied Pizarro to Peru, and on re
turning to Spain organized an expedition
to repeat Pizarro's work in the vast re
gion then known as Florida.
On the 3d of November the party, now
increased to thirty-three, started in eight
canoes up the Saint Joseph River to a
point near the present site of South Bend.
After some delay in finding the way they
carried their canoes over the portase of
five miles and launched them again on
the Kankakee. one of the headwaters of
the Illinois River. The stream floated
them on "through a voiceless, lifeless
solitude of dreary oak barrens or bound
less marshes overgrown with reeds."
After a few days they passed through a
wide prairie "strewn with the carcasses
ar>>1 bleached skulls of Innumerable buf
falo." At the place where the present
village of Ut'ca, La Salla County. Illtnoi?,
stands they passed through a large Indian
town. Hennepin counted 460 lodges, in
shape like the arched tops of emigrant
wagons, and intended to hold six or eight
families apiece. But all was silent as the
grave. The Indians were off on their win
ter hunt. Lower down the river they
found the Indians, who tried to dissuade
them from going farther, telling theiri
great stories about the dangers, natural
and supernatural, that lay before them.
Terrified by what they heard, six of La
Salle's men. including two of his be3t
carpenters, deserted. This was a serious
blow. It showed La Salle that he could
not depend upon his men.
Note— This study, by Or. C. H. Smith ot
Tale University, will be concluded on
Tuesday next.
Ontario and Erie. He thus became ac
quainted with the natural resources of
that region and determined to find an
outlet for it by way of the Mississippi
River. As a base of operations he secured
from the King a grant of Fort Frontenac.
at the entrance to the St. Lawrence River,
where Kingston no* stands. He also se
cured the services of two men whoso
names often recur in accounts of the ex
plorations of that period. One of these
was Henri de Tonty, who now attached
himself to La Salle and served him ever
after with the utmost fidelity. The other
was Father !.<>uis Hennepin. a Itecollet
friar, extremely fond of adventure, who,
after a short connection with La Salle.
was destined to secure fame by hla inde
pendent explorations.
At the beginning of Ifi79 La Salle w^3
ready to start for the Mississippi, so he.
with Tonty and Hennenin and a party o?
thirty, crossed over from Fort Frontenao
to the Niagara Kiver. Here his first care
was to establish a fortitlert station near
the mouth of the river, and next to buikl
a ship above the falls in which to navi
gate the upper lakes. The place chosen
for the shipyard was at the mouth of
Cayuga Creek, on the American .-side, near
the present village of La Salle. When,
spring opened the little ship of forty-five
tons was launched, the forerunner of the
merchant lUets to gather centuries later
at the future port of Buffalo. The littla
craft was named the Grifiln. On the 7th,
of August, when all was ready. La Sails
and his company went on bouril, the "To
Deum" was sung, five small cannon popped
off a brave saiute and the adventurous
voyage was commenced. "A fresh breezo
sprang up, and with the swelling canvas
the Grifnn plowed the virgin waves of
Lake Erie, where sail was never seen be
fore." In due time they reached Michil
limackinac, where the French had a well
known trading station. Going ashore to>
the bark chapel of the Ottawa village, !.•&
Salle, in his mantle of scarlet and gold,
knelt at the altar and gave thanks for his
safe voyage.
He was now beset with anxieties on ac
count of the dishonesty and treachery of
fur traders in his employ. Troubles like
these, and more serious harassment from
jealous rivals and hostile creditors, he was
often called upon to endure, for he was
stern and cold, and usually failed in at
taching to himself men of his own race.
He was, however, remarkably gifted Irt
winning the admiration and devotion of
the Indians, whom he knew exactly how
to manage. To straighten out his affairs*
he now decided to send the Griffin back to
Niagara with a valuable load of furs, to
be forwarded to Fort Frontenac. She set
sail on the 18th of September and was
never heard from again. A storm arose
soon after she started, and in that sha
probably foundered.
La Salle and Hennepin and a party oC
fourteen men resumed their journey in
four canoes. They paddled down the
western s'de of Lake Michigan, encounter
ing great hardships from lack of food and,
stormy weather. Reaching the southern
end of the lake, they rounded it and went
up the eastern side to the River Saint
Joseph, which they entered the 1st of
November. Here they were joined by
Tonty. who had been sent with a detach
ment down the eastern side of the lake.
The war In China and the murder of the
German Minister have evidently made
things hum In the "fatherland." A -fleet
of warships Is "on the way to Shanghai,
soldiers are being sent to the Orient and
supply vessels are on their way to San
Francisco to carry supplies to the forces.
From this port all the German soldiers
in China, will receive supplies of provi
sions and all the governments interested
in the situation are now calculating on
using San Francisco as a forwarding
port
Germany has ten steamers on the way
here to load supplies and horses for her
men in China. The Aachen. 2447 tons, and
the Dresden, 2S66 tons, were at Bremen
July 26; the H. H. Meier, 3260 tons, was
on the Weser July 26; the Halle, 2561 tons,
was at Bremen July 10; the Rhein. b39s
tons, was at Bremen July 19:' the Stras
burg, 6500 tons, was at Bremen July 20;
the Adrea was at Hamburg July 16; the
Batavla, 6510 tons, was at Bremen July
24; the Phonlx. 1376 tons, was in the
Gulf of Mexico a few days ago, and the
Sardinia, 2269 tons, was at Bremerhaven
on July 24.
All these vessels are now on their way
to San Francisco, arid each one of them
will load supplies for the German army
in China. On their arrival here they will
be taken in hand by the German Consul,
who will superintend the loading and dis
patch of the transports.
The chances are that all these steamers
will get here within a week of each other,
and in consequence Chief Wharfinger Per
cy Henderson and Assistant Chief George
H. S. Dryden have their thinking cape on.
At the present moment the wharves are
crowded, but In a short space of time
Howard-street wharf No. 3 will be ready
for occupancy, and Folsom 2 and Harri
son will be clear of the transports. If
these wharves can be kept clear there
will be no difficulty in providing wharf
room for the German .transports when
they arrive.
All Are Large Carriers and at Least
50,000 Tons of Stuff' Will Be
Taken Away by
Them.
Ten Steamers on Their Way
to Load Fodder and
Provisions.
GERMANY WILL
SEND SUPPLIES
FROM THIS PORT
Customs searchers yesterday seized 850
Manila cigars which had been concealed
on board the transport tsherman. They
will b*» confiscated as smuggled goods.
H. F. Pierce filed a libel in the United
States District Court yesterday against
the brigantlne Pitcalrn for $3015 for ma
terials and labor furnished.
The quarantined steamer St. Paul will
be released at 2 p. m. to-day. She has
fifty cabin passengers from Nome aboard.
The Marion came alongside Howard No.
3 yesterday an«l seventy-five tons of coal
was put aboard. She was moved out Into
the stream acaln last right, and the work
of getting her ready for Admission day
will begin at once.
The battleship Wyoming » will be
launched about 2 p. m. on September R.
and the steamer I.'klah is going to carry
excursionists to the event. After that
there will be a trip around the bay and all
hands will have a chance to see the naval
parade. On September 9 the Uklah will
go out again, and all the vessels In the
bay will be visited and a chance given
everybody to see the yacht races.
Percy L. Henderson, the popular chief
wharfinger, is back from a fortnight's
holiday at Santa Cruz.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Buchanan of the British ship
Beechbank is at outs with George XV. Mc-
Xear and his deputies. McNear owns a
well at Port Costa, and the British ship
captains assert the water Is no good. Mc-
Near naturally wants to fill the tanks of
every vessel that loads at his docks, and
the captains all shy at the proposition.
Captain Buchanan of the Beechbank was
in town Friday, and during his absence a
man went aboard and told the mate that
the captain had ordered the vessel sup
plied with water. The mate demurred,
but the apent was persistent, so the ship's
water tanks were filled. The Beechbank
is now in the stream, and Captain Buch
anan refuses to go to sea with the Port
Costa water. The water-boat Sea Witch
has been ordered alongside to-day, and as
f-oon as the Port Costa water has been
pumped out Spring Valley will take Its
place.
Trouble on the Beechbank.
Mate Emmett of the British bark Du
nc-arn had an experience on May 6 that he
will not forget In a hurry. A big sea
swept the ship and carried him overboard.
Luckily he had hold of the main brace,
and held on until assistance came. He
was hauled aboard more dead than alive
and was taken to his room. Before the
accident the Dunearn had been battling
with the elements for fourteen days, and
all hands had a terrible time of it.
Mate Swept Overboard.
The new American four-masted bark
Edward Sewall arrived from Baltimore
via Montevideo yesterday. The ship Is
almost a counterpart of the Ersklne M.
Phelps, due any day from Honolulu, but
has not made as successful a start as that
vessel. When off the River Platte the
Edward Sewall's cargo of coal became
heated. In spite of the water that washed
over the bow the crew found the deck
uncomfortably hot at times, and finally
t^ie captain decided to run Into Monte
video. There it was found necessary to
dlscharpe 1000 tons of the coal In order to
save the ship. The discharged cargo was
Fold at auction and the ship came on to
San Francisco. The run from Montevideo
to this port was uneventful.
and She Was Compelled to Put
Into Montevideo in
Distress.
Her Coal Cargo Heated Off the Platts
New American Four-Masted
Bark Edward Sewall
Arrives in Port.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Copyright, 1900, by Seymcrar Eaton.
DISCOVKRERS AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH
AMERICA.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, ,1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
EXPLORERS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
7
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-^-OF THE-
Fidelity 1 Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OP NEVf
Tork. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S99. and for the year ending on that day. as J
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections C10 and SU of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com«
missicner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash JS0.0CO <*
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 5O.139 H
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J, 570.529 S-J
Cash In Company's Office SS.C3 04
Cash In Banks 1C3.M0 «
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.IW 53
Premiums In due Course of Collection 35S.M0 c
Rents due and accrued i,jc Tl
Reserve reinsurance deposit.......... J2.XJ7 ii
Total Asset* .*3.44O,«53 71
LIABILITIES. *
Looses In process of Adjustment or la
Suspense J1>I.SS7 J7
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 604.335 74
Gross premiums on Risk*, run-
ning one year or less, J ; rein-
surance SO per cent 1.5»,332 H
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
nine more than one year, i ¦•
reinsurance pro rata 2M.937 4J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc H.SS5 K
Total Liabilities S2.462.139 31
INCOME. " " '
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,431,314 44
Received for Interest and dlvtdecds on
IVmds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources S3. 454 SO
Received for Rents EJ,tf« n
Received from all other sources U.7i$ 23
Total Income '. .13.591.33S ii
EXPENDITURES. ~~ "
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing S . losses of previous *
years) $1.5S?.S»0 SO
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 912.230 S3
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc HS.1M 41
Paid for State. National and Local
raxes W. 013 93
AH other payments and expenditures 413,733 t»
Total Expenditures $3.31ft.CS3 W
Losses incurred during the year fl.SJl.743 53
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
IIEXRT CROSSLET. Actln« Setfy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this TTtU
day of March, WOO.
GEO. W. VARIAX. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C PARDEE,
Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
6AX FRANCISCO, CAlt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- Rest and hs!p for weary
women arc found in Lydia
E. Pszskham's Vegetable
Compound. Et makes tvo-
msn strong and healthy to
&Q£tr tSielr burdens, and
overcomes those ills to
ivhFch women cpe subject
because they sro women.
I Lydia C Pinkharo's Vegetable Compound I
is known front coast to
ccastm it has cured more
ssck women than any
other medsoinom its
frierzds are everywhere
and they aro constantly
writing Uiankfui letters
which appear in this
paper*
If you zra puzzled write
for fiffrsm Pinkhzm's ad'
vice* Her address io
Lynn, Mass* She will
charge you nothing and
she has restored a million
wanton to health.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE YOU A BACHELOR?
If so we can relieve you of many trou-
bles. We are sure to please you by
our laundry work, and you won't find
your buttons oft nor your buttonholes
stretched beyond their normal size, nor
any frlngework on your linen. We do Just
the same for married men, so wives take
notice. We are prompt. obl.JpInR and rea-
sonable in price. Domestic finish for full
dress shirts If you order It
"No raw edges."
UNITED STAFES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-363 12th Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
MiniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABr.KOLD
JL speci«llsieur<r« Private. Nervous, and Blood dis-
eases of Men only. Boot on 1'rlvute Diseases and
Weaknesses of ilen. free. Over ZOy'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonahle. rioursS
to3 daJlv ;6.30 to 8:30 ev'g*. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Consul-
tationfreeandflacredlr confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ltO8COKJIr.VVI.TY, M.I*.
26 K Ktarny »t.. San Frnnclsco, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
Walter Morocco Sole Leteee and Manager
tiEtlTt9f3\WB BmSm 1 PANY
THE GREATEST PERFORMANCE OF
¦ II L_P I I " I > V/
.. J ETGJ I I JtZS JL. --
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
WILTON LACKAYE as SVENGALI.
IGNACIO MARTINETTI a* ZOU ZOU.
MARY VAN BURES as TRILBT.
Treek an entirely new version of
PRICES-lOc, 15c, 25e. BOc.
A Few Front Rown in Orchestra, 75c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
. Another on Thursdar end
R Regular Matinee Saturday
CL —that Beautiful, Spectacu-
Kf2X * Jar Operetta,
%£&£m$ "THE BROWNIES
M^*®Sc IN FAIRY LAND "
jS^^vy-^i. resented hy the Clever
\&yr^ %*&& Cast ot Diminutive Profes-
Sfl K&i<J » lonal Starr.. N'n Amateur
\1 \ Kjr In this Production.
d& Vg REMEMBER, ONE
j&L | *\ "WEEK ONLT. ,
•*»#v, «J Children under ' 12 years,
>oS3l 23 centB t0 an >' Performance.
ta4r **. NEXT WEEK — "LEE,"
the World's Greatest Hypnotist.
AMUSEMENTS.
EIGHTH VTKKK- Charles Frohmaa presents
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
POSITIVni.Y LA FT THRKE TIMES
To-nig-^i* aril Wednesday afternoon and night.
HEARTSEASE.
Thursiav. Frt&ky srn1 Saturday night* and
Saturday ilatlr.ee— Only times.
"Tha Adventore_ofjhe Lady Ursula"
rECm.VUC First Time Here— THE
«o"Iv. I ONLY WAY!
BEATS REAMT THCRSDAT.
Ov.ir.= to the immense demand for "The Only
Way/! end !n jus-tiee to tho*e tvho stand la
line at the box office, thrre will be no reserva-
U >r.5 made fcy telephone.
TMs Thursday afterroon a'r.d Sunday night,
BURT04 HOLMES LECTURES.
Fubjwt— "MOKI LAND" <Snake Dances).
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Barrcrted by WHITE WHITTLESET. j
In Charlcite Thomrson's New Play. '¦
. I
OXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Thursday Afternoon, Jenefit LAURA CREWS.
NTXT WEEK— •SAPHO."
A NCYELTY BILL of UNUSUAL EXCELLENCE
FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS,
KOBBJS AND CO.
r MRS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON.
HACART'S DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Ecnr.'-tt sn1 PtmbW; Meeker BaJcer Trio;
Hooker anii I>av!s: Jolly John Nash;
American Blograph.
Reserve *cats. Be; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box F<?ats, Z*c..
Matir.rps Wcinrsiiay, Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT. THURSDAY. SUNDAY
CVE9CIXCS and SATl'RDAT MATINEE.
"RIGOLETTO."
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY. SATURDAY
NIGHTS
"OTriELLO."
Neit Week-TANKHAUSER and MI6NQN.
E*ats bought for these operas for to-nlgrht
and to-morrow evening can be exchanged for
next wefk. To-nl*?hf* ticket* exchanged to-
day; Wednesday's reats exchanged to-morrow.
POPULAR PRICES.... 25 and 60 CENTS.
Ttl^phcne Bush 9.
' ISacramento, \ JL
Veeks of Racing.
fOLO^UF^AMEtf-r.
Exhibits Carried .•rr#^'
Excursion Rates?orVisitors.
Write for Particulars to
P E JfSiS2f LDSi A-BSpreckels.
SECRETARY. PRmDENT.
|7TCpiJpD»C CONCERT HOUSE.
Ethel La Crolx. Boprano; Irene Franklin. Cor-
notlst; LJttle Hazel Sexton; Berlin Sisters. Vo-
culists; Eisdora Ford*. Contralto, and Conlon
and Ryder, Comedians.
Reserved S^ats. 23c; Matinee, Sunday.
~i SUTRO BATHS.
.WEN NIGHTS. Open Daily from 7 a. m.
to 11 p. m. Ha thins lrom V a. m. to 18 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c. • BATH-
ING, Including admission. 2Sc; children, £0c 'Sun, Moon and Tide.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. -Dec.
Opening 5 11% S <V;
Closing 5 11% 6 0*i
PARIS.
Wheat— Ausr. Nov.-Peb;
¦Opening Holiday.
Closing : Holiday.
Flour-— ¦ - —
Opening -. Holiday.
Closing ........; Holiday.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13. -CATTLE— Receipts, 23,-
OOtf; including 3000 Westerns and 1500 Texans;
native steers about" 10c! lower; choice JWeBtern,
steady, , others weak; good \ to -I prime steers.
15 KQi 95; poor to medium, $4 655J75 30; selected
feeders, steady, |4@4 6a; • mixed ; stockers ¦ slow,
13 255/3 90; cows, 12 S0@4 40; heifers. $3@5; ca-i
ners, J2 15<g2 75; bulls, weak, $2 75®4 45; calves.
*4 25i36; Texan - fed . steers, . (4 25@5 10; ' grass
steere, |3 30@4 25; bulls, |2 70@3 25.
¦HOGS— Receipts . to-day,- 85,000; - to-morrow,
18,000, estimated; left over, 10,000; 10c lower;
Spanish Proverbs.
Proverbs uncomplimentary to the fair
sex are common In Spain. "A woman, like
a pavement; should be well trampled on
to be kept in order." "A woman is like
a candle; twist her neck if you wish her
to be good." "Beware of bad women and
do not trust a good one." "Cryins in a
woman and limping In a dog is all a
sham." "A cock crows on his own dung
hill, but hens cackle everywhere" (this is
reference to the supposed garrulousness,
and inquisitive disposition of her sex).
"Show me a magpie without a spot and I
will show ybu a woman without a fault."
In English counterparts are not wanting.
For example—
A woman, a dog and a walnut tree— .,
The more you - beat them the better they be.
Mothers-in-law and stepmothers come In
for a good deal of, sarcasm. Some of the
proverbs In resrard'to them will not stand
translation. Of a man who Is accounted
lucky they say: "If he fell from the roof
of a house he would ¦ fall on trie top of
his mother-in-law."— Chambers' Journal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 9«
New York Exchange, sight ¦""„'> 7 Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal ..... — -t&Hi
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— It was a holiday at Paris, and
Liverpool was weaker.
Chicago was weak In sympathy with for
eign cables, declining from 75i{c to 74',4c, but
subsequently getting back to the original fig
ure. Ston orders caused -the .break. Foreign
ers sold freely. The American visible supply-
Increased 633,000 'bushels, but there was a de
create of 1,(100,000 bushels on passage. The
market was firm at the close. I
The local market on call followed Chicago,
opening lower, but recovering. Spot prices
were unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shlpping-ll 05; Milling. 11 O7V4
®l 10.
Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
Informal
8000 ctls. II 10>4: 26,000, |1 10H: May— 2000.
11 15%; 2000. II 15%: 8000, |1 16..
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, |1 10T4.
Regular Morning Session — December — 32,000
ctls, $l 11V4; 2000, $1 11%.
Afternoon Session *- December — 4000 ctls,
II 11%; 2000, $1 liy 4 ; 12,000. |1 114.
HARLEY— The market was dull, as usual on
collection day, and. prices showed no change.
Feed. 77%@7S\c for No. 1 and 70@75c for oft
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, s2V4@
87Hc; Chevalier, nominal. ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December — 2000 ctls, ,79c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 4000
ctl8,.7.'»c; 6000. 79%c.
. Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market Beems to be : In good
shape everywhere. Continued large 1 , buying
was reported at Chicago yesterday, while this
market Is very firm, with more or lefcs selling
right alons. /
\Vhlte.vni5«H35: Surprise, $1 35*3.1 40: Red.
$1 lOiqi 23: Gray. $1 12u.<f?l 20: Black, for fe«-d,
Jl 07HW1 1214: -for sf-cd. II 15(ffl 22',4 per ctl.
CORX — Was dull and unchanged yesterday.
Kactein, $120: California Large Yellow, $1 17Vi
0120 per ctl; White, $1 WQl 20; Small Round
Yellow, $1 17H@1 20.
RVR- 90®M3?4c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and ' Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 «0®3 75,
usual terms; Bakers' .Extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. |2 785$. 10 per barrel for fam
ily snd 13 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 75©
5 75 per barrel. " S \ v ¦ .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour'
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 75; Rye Meal, $2 50-
Rice Flour. |7: Corn Meal. 12 75; extra cream
do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 50@3 75-
Buckwheat Flour. : $4«?4 23; Cracked Wheat.
$8 60; Farina, (4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, (3 25-
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©7 25; <ln sacks |5 75
07; , Pearl Barley. 15; Split Peaa. J5; Green
Peas, . |5 50 per 100 lbs. • ,-.¦',
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The week opened with heavy receipts of Hay
and the ¦ market was dull and soft In * conse
quence. -'There : was nothing new in Feed
etuffs. i^s^HS8E«»gaBBa --.
BRAN-J12012 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-|16@19 per ton. -.
¦ FEEDSTTJFFS— Rolled Barley. $16017 B0 per
ISPLSUF**' Meal at the mill. *26®27; jobbing.
»37»®28rCocoanut Cake. I2O©21; Corn .Meal
$28 60; Cracked Corn. |27; Mixed Feed," 111 50®14.
. . HAT-yolunteer. - f * SOGC 60; t Wheat, ; JlOfiU;
CHICAGO, Aug. 13— Wheat began the day
decidedly weak under the influence if weak
cables and heavy Southwestern receipts.-.Liver
pool was off l%rt and receipts at Kansas City
footing up 750,000 bushels broke all records.
Influenced by this kind of information there
were hosts of people with wheat to sell and few
people to buy It at anything like Saturdays
closing figures. September opened %@lc lower
at 7l'«c to 74V4c and dropped speedily to 74V&C.
Coverfng by chorts for profits steadied the
market at this point and gradually forced
some recovery. Later reports of damages from
excessive rains In the Northwest from sprout
ing: and of a prospect of more trouble fhouid
the rains continue caused a further recovery.
Cash sales of about 200.000 bushels were also
a help. September slowly clambered up to
74*i*/'74?ic and closed firm, only a shade under
Saturday at T&AfpTVAc
Corn stacgered under a rush to sell at the
opening. The corn belt had been drenched with
rain, save in Central and Western Kansas.
Country offerings were freer and Liverpool
weak. The recovery in the latter caused a
rally and the close was firm, %c under Sat
urday, at 37%c.
Oats were relatively firm; September closed
He lower at 21*»c
Provisions were quiet and steady despite large
hog receipts and lower prices at the yards.
Even the early grain weakness failed to in
fluence much of a reduction. September pork
closed a s-h:iile lower, lard 5c down and rlb3
SMi'&i'C depressed.
The leading futures ranted as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
AiiK.iFt "4V4 74% 74 . 7474
September 74^ 75% 74«4 75«i
October 7CV4 78'^ 75'4 76
Corn No. 2—
August 37U 37% 37U 37T*
September .- 36'i 37% 26 "7 J i
October 36'.4 3G»i 3oVi 36-^
Oals Xo. 2—
August 21% 21*i 21>i / 21?g
fceptombtr "... 21Vi 21*i 21% f 21^
October 21% 22H 211»> 22
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
September 11 55 11 60 11 50 1160
October 1160 1165 11 57V4 1165
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
September 6 60 6 62^4 « 60 6 62'4
October 6 67*4 6 67^ 6 60 6 67^i
January 6 50 6 B2V4 6 47^4 6 DO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 6 974 7 C2^ 6 97V4 7 02^
October „ 7 00 7 CO 6 97% 6 97V»
January..: ....5 93 5 97>4 6 95 6 97Vi
Cash quotations ' were as follows: Flour,
steady. No. 2 spring wheat, 72^@73V4c; No. 2
red, 761077c. ' No. 2 corn, 38Hc; No. 2 yellow,
3SHc. No. 2 oats. 21»;@22c; No. 2 white. 23$i<g>
24V4C: No. 3 white, 25l4®25^c. Good feeding bar
ley, 35 s Ac: fair to choice malting. 43@47c. Flax
seed, |1 35; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 35. Prime
timothy seed. $3 60. Mess pork^per bbl, #11 60@>
11 CO. Lard, per 100 lbs. $6 60*ft> 6214. Short rlba
sides Uoose), $S 90^7 25. Dry salted vhoulders
(boxed), 6?iiS7c. Short clear sides (boxed), $7 50
iS7 60. Whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23',£.
Sugar— Cut loaf, unchanged; clover, contract
grade, IS f*'.g$ 60.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 1S.OUO 21.000
Wheat, bushels :... .190,000 284,000
Corn, bushels .170,000 802.000
Oatp, bushels ..521,000 fc"<6,C00
Rye, bushels 3.000 1.0C0
Barley, bushels 13.<X>0 ¦ 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, - 15320c; dairies,
14<£17c. Cheese, " firm. 9%<gllc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12$ 15c. •
ARRI%TTD.
Monday, August 13.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 55^ hours from
Portland, via Astoria 41^i hours.
fctmr Alex Duncan, ilacsen, 17 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr W. H. Kruzer. Krosr. 41 hours frora
San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 18 hours frcm
Cleone.
Stmr Cooa Bay, Ndpander. 64 hours frcirt
Newport, etc.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. S4 hours from
Nanaimo.
Sh'.p Cyru3 'Wakcfield. Macloon. 7 days from
Seattle.
Ship Lucile, Hansen. 8 days from Seattle. \.
Schr Parkersburg, Jcrgenscn, 3^i days frora
Co<iuille River.
Schr Cr.nflanza. Christiansen. 4 days from
Coo,u! lie River.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, 5 days from Coos
Schr Antelope, Asplund, 3 days frora'Graya
Harbor.
Schr Julia E. Whalen. Henderson, 24H days
from Cape Xome»
Schr Lizzie Vance, Brown, 7 days frcni Gray»
Harbor. • ,
Schr Melancthon, Olsen. 7 days from Wlllari*
Harbor.
Monday, Angast 13.
Stmr Portland, Lundquist. Seattle; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr San Juan, Brown. La Libertad: Pacifla
Mall Steamship Co.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly. Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. August 13.
Stmr San Juan. Brown. San Jose da Guate
mala.
Stmr Portland. Lundmist, Seattle.
Stmr Signal, l>C'nr!?gard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen Mendocino.
Stmr White* horo. Ol.-"en.
Stmr Santa Rnsa, Alexanrler. San Diego.
Stmr Fulton. Dnnran, Eureka.
Stmr George Loomis. Brldsett, Ventura.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Ship Columbia. Mattson. Port Townsend.
Bark C D Bryant. Colby. Honolulu.
Schr Volunteer. Bressen, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aus 13 (10 p. m.)— Weathe*
foggy; wind southwest: velocity 10 miles.
July 4— Lat 5 S, long 33 W. Br «hlp Albyn.
from Antwerp for San Francisco.
July »-Lat 4 N. lon 30 W. Br ship Cumber
land, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
IX5MESTIC PORTS
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr State or
California, hence Au? 11 r Br ship Australia,
from Honolulu: Br ship Oenista, from Shang
hai: Br ship Rlversdale. from Hamburg.
- Sailed Aug 13— Ger ship Rigel. for Queens-
COOS BAT— Arrived Ausr 13— Stmr Del Nort»,
from Astoria. Auk ll-Schr Free Trade.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aus 13— Stmr
VmatlUa, hence- Aue 9-
EUKEK A— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Auc 15— Stmr John S
Kimball, hence Aus 9; stmr City of Seattle,
from Skaruay.
NKAH HAY- Passed Aus 13— Ship Charles Jj
Moody, from Honolulu for Port Townssnd.
UMPQI'A— Arrived Aug S— Schr Lucy, trpxi }
S»n r'clro. \
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 4— Schr Bon>>
Minor, for Eureka.
NEWPORT— e' ailed Aug IS — Schr Mary Oodse.
for Tacoma.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 12-Schr 10a
Schnauer, fur San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aus 13— Stror Rival,
hence Aui S.
V OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK-Arrived Aus 13— Stmr M?sal>a,
from London: stmr Laurentlau. from Giasftow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aus 13— Stmr Ive - r
rtia. from Coston; stmr Tunisian, from, Mon-
r S0UTIIAMPT0N — Arrived Aug 13 — Stmr
Kaiser Wllhelm der Grc?se. from New York
via Cherbourg for Bremen.
GKEENOCK— Arrived Auff '.3— Stmr Cali
fornian. from New York for Glassow.
P.OUKNE— Arrivt-.l Aug ll— ?tmr Blocmfon
tein. from Port HadlocJs via |iunolulu.
FOREIGN* PORTS.
YOKAHAMA- Arrived prior to Aug 11— Stmr
City of Ilio de Janeiro, hence July ID;
Olympia. frctn Tacoma; jap stmr Rfjuu
Maru, from Seattle.
SYDNEY— Sailed Aus 13— Er stmr TVarrcnoo.
for Vancouver.
ACAPL'LCO— Sailed Aug S— Stmr Colon, for
Panama.
SAN BENITO^Satled Auc 11— Ger •tinr
Tanis, from Hambur? for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Aus 10— U S ttmr
Sumner. her.ee July 17.
In port July 10-^Stmr Indiana.' for Taku.
NANAIMO— Arlved Au; 12— Nor itmr Titanla,
hence ACS S.
AXTWERP-Salled Aaj 10-Ger ship Alster*
kamp. for San Diego. . j
HILO— Arrived July 21— Bark Santiago. t,-X .
July 7. ,^
Sailed July 18-Barlc Roderick Dhu. for S.1.1
Francisco; bark Amy Turner, for 3*a Fraa'
Cisco.
Chicago Grain Market.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee. XT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Ca»..
August 13. 1300.
' The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. d. CALK1X3.
Lfetit»nant ComTnandfr. IT. S. N.. in rhnrtr*.
TO SAIL.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2",C0O; exports. 1S,o75. Dull, weak and lower in
response to wheat's decline, straits and spring
patents showing the greatest loss. Winter pat
ents. S3 S(Hj4 20; winter straits 53 50g3 63; Mln
r.tsota patents, $3 93@4 25; Minnesota bakers,
$2 !WS(3 30.
WHEAT— Receipts, 139,950; exports, 122.150.
Steady for spot. Xo. 2 red. SIHc f. a. b. afloat
and 7S»sc elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
M'ic f. o. b afloat; Xo. 1 hard Duluth. S6«ic
f. o. b. afloat. Options— Were weak and heavy
most of the day under bearish cables from
En§rl;ind, general liquidation amons room trad
er* end the break in corn. A big movement
of winter wheat also assisted in arresting any
bullish tendencies until near the close, when
r-rico-s rallied. Corn closed firm at Hie net loss.
September. 79 5-16@S0Ue. closed SO^sC; I*>eem
ber. M^QSS'iiC, closed Si'.jc.
HOI'S— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio dull: N'o. T invoice. 9t*e.
mild, dull; Cordova, nominal. Futures closed
E@15 points lower. Total sales. 1O.7J0 bags, in
cluding: September. $7 75: October, $7 SO; No
vember, $7 Si ; December, $S 0.3.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 4Uc;
ci-ritrllUKal, ; ; 6 test. 4"jc; molasses sugar, 4c.
Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11. SCO packages: firm.
Creamery, li's^Slc; country packed factory'.
Ii«!l6c.
E<;GS — Receipts. 11.433 packages; quiet.
Western at mark, Il£jl3c for average lots;
Western, loss off, 15M:C.
DRIED FRUITS.
The week started poorly for evaporated ap
ples. The demand was very IlRht and the
n:arket was largely nominal. State, common,
ivas quoted from 3c to 5c; prime, 4?i#47'9c;
choice. oH-gSc: fancy. 6*i@7c. 1
California dried fruits continued dull and
without change.
PRUNES— W3~c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 13®17c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6<g-»c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Charters.
The Duncarn loads wheat and barley for
Europe. 40e. prior to arrival: the Olencaird.
Cram Portland for Europe, 3?s Hd. f>rior
to arri\al; the La Bruyere, wheat for Europe,
4!' 1 ?, prior to arrival; the Louisiana, lumber on
Puget Sound for 42s 6d, ojaion of M^i
t>ourne or Adelaide, iys. prior to arrival; the
V.:.'.. ,-.-.. iumtxr at Gra>s Harbor for Ouaymas.
prior to arrival; the Czar, merchandise for
ilazatlan and £an Bias.
Merchandise for Central America.
The eteamer San Juan esiled yeyterday for
Crntral America, with a general cargo, valued
at $3.".i:s. including the folio«lng:
!€.9rti) Us rice. Z7] crs |K)tat>>es, 13 crs onions.
£T2 lbs seed. 2S3 bl'ls tallow, 26 l>xs raiFins, 4?
cs cry roods. 21 t-ks malt. 2TZI bbla flour, S3
cs icral oil, 367 \kKs gix«;crif-s and provisions,
M es whisky; 94 lulls i>ai>er, 40 sks cok*?, 4 os
photo goods. 14 cs drugs. 67 cs oil, 10 cs paint.
'.*< bbls cement, T.Ct t r als wine, 35 reels wire,
Jt3 cs hardware. 1447 lbs lard. 10 cs tar. 37 bdU
pipe, €0 c»-ks l»>uled beer. $2 pkes machinery,
l's etiests tea. *4 pkps fruit. 56 os canned goods.
Ifi ctls barley. 3.". bbls rosin, 17.U31 ft. lumber, M
Kejrs nails. IM bdls 0 I'kgs paste, !l
ctls wheat, WA railroad ties.
Dried Fruit in Nciv York.
Mail tfivicfs from New York say
"Trade ye^teniay was largely confined to rur
rant^, filberts and almonds, all three of which
were very active, and closed at higher prices
Bales of currant* for the day totaled up around
TV) barrrl?. and as a result of thes* transactions
and rep< rtf cal-lod from Oreece that the market
there was doing hotter, the market at the end
of the day's tmMneFs was from 7'»c to 7 5-lOc,
according to grade.
"AJjnonds. i>articulariy Valeneias and Jor
<! ;::-. wen- in very good demand and sales of
contideralle lots wcr* reported ct Sl^c fcr
Val^ncias and Jcrdans at At the elcs*?
ValencSas were teM firmly at 32<?. and Jordans
et 3?e. Cables fr^m abroad quote the market
there «8 h.ghcr, and cost to import Jordans- is
»^«^ut 34c. - —
"Sirily filberts alro were in extremely good
fiemand. nr.e bale of 150 barrelrnnd smaller sales
Ivjtir.g up to an.->th»r l'.O barrels being reported
at C*,c. It is now iraj'O^slhle probably to buy
t:ndcr J*%c. an<3 it was late yesterday that
lew hoMfrp offered as l.,w as that.
"Buying of apriocts was much lighter, t-horts,
'.' i.' said, have now covered preity well. The
market on 'cntp. however, is very strong and
the talk is of higher prices.
"Future applet weri decidedly weaker than
curing the latter rart Of last week ar.d sales
of a couple at cars were reported at 4*ic, with
so lark of cff'-rlrigF at that price.
••neearrtiri!: the cf fancy and choice
rew i«?acric-!*. a telcpram ycFt^rday said hold
ers* views on the coast are rrom H 1 ? 1^ higher
than a week ago.
"Mail advices frrm Tcrtland. Ore., say: "The
crop of Italian prunes is ;jrnin practically ¦
failure. Against a ci-rp of 1<V"O to 12W cars,
v hich we ha'! sord reason to expect from the
amcunt ci ccreac, we can now hope for an
output r,f only about 100 carloads. These vre
think will run SOs to 40s, 40s to 50s itnd 50s to
«ff. In addition to the Italian, we look for
ehout 300 carloads of French prunes, the preat
tulk of which will run to small Blzes."
Weather Report.
lift Meridian. Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 1C— 5 p. m.
The f.illowins maximum temperatures were
reported in stations in California to-day:
Ti:rei:a CO Los Angeles 72
Mount Tamalpaias.. O Facramento £2
Indeper.derice U Kan Luis ObiEpo 72
P.ed BiuS 9" San Diego 70
Frefni) 92 •
San Franc'itco data: Maximum temperature,
t*; minimum, ll: mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS' AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rress'jre baa fal!°n over the country we^t
r * the Rocky Mountain* during the pa?t 24
k o urs. An area of low pressure overlies Ne
' »da. v Utr.h and SouthrarU-rn CaHfornia.
The terr.iwi-ature i;as rernalnc-d nearly sta
tionary on the Paciflc Plope. except a slight
rJ*e in Northern Washington. Throughout Cali-
I"rnia the lemteratures are below the normal.
J ; i the grrst valleys of California the tempera-
Vures do not exceed »0 decrees.
Ffg prevails alons the coast from Ban Fran
cisco noitfcward.
Forecart made at San Francisco for thirty
J-.'vurE, ending midnight. AugUFt 14. l?00:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with fog
tlorK tiie cnA^t: fresh. ¦reateriT winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday ; light
northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
?an FranciFro and Vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
vlth fog; fresh <r«terty grinds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official,
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— The International
monetary situation was given considerable
prominence in Wa'.l street to-day through tii-s
shipment cf $3,60.003 gold for export to Eu
rope to-morrow anl Wednesday. It is esti
mated that Jj,f-OC',«>j(i of this amount Is in pay
m«-nt for the British «-xchequer loan, a 20 per
Concessions in rates for sterling bills wore
rr.ade, demand sterling yielding '^ i«r i-ent
f.-hlle pfiffi ra'.es wer« off \i per cent. No
effect was pr<->du<-r-d nn the local money market
t<y the jjoM (-nficm'nw to-<lay. which brings
the total nnv-mtnt of BOM uji to J14.tKnj.000. It '
Is expected that th» rircuiation or this sum !
In the European tmandnl cir«ics will produt-e
a relaxation of the tension there. Kxc«*pt for
a. brief Interval when ihc early pold nnc/fi. -
inenm wfrc ma<ie iirlceti improved Ktead
lly, with the fair.s «;Liite uniform in a num
ber cf i5f-ues=. There v.ere fitful spurts cf ac
tivity and at Intervals the ftrf-ngth was m< st
marked in tr>ecUil Rrovips. High priced ppecial
tle« pave th» Brat indication «.f Btrength. but
¦were soon relTrated to tbe background when
the metal stock* forged upward. Later on
prangers responded to more cheerful advices,
rain beins reported in sections of the roni
belt where it was much needed. A Jar** batch
of favorable earnings contributed some force
to tne rise in prices. la special Ftcx-ks excep
tional gains were made, a jump of 7 points in
I^ead preferred being made with e.% little ex
planation as the recent drop in that liwue. In
I>a<rka wanna. tlier»" was a steady demnnd. which
eventually carried Jt up ."> points ami strenctli
enr<i other coalers. Industrial mock suffered
from the lnm-a^d interest shown in railroad
properties. Susar oioyed under Saturdays final
price after early etr«=iijjth. Ix>ndon was not a
factor in ihe market, although the arbitrage
houses took several thousand ehares early in
the day. Operation* were confined to the
board-room traders, but porae gratification wa»
expressed at the Independent movement of th»
r&llroad stocks and the prime character cf
i«ome of the issues participating. In the final
'dealings there was some diminution In the vol
ume of business, but no impairment of the
market'* strength.
Business in railroad bonds continued email,
but a firm tone wu evident. Total sales, par
value. J4W.0O0.
United State* refunding 5«, when Issued, and
old 4* and new 4s advanced 'j, the Es *» and
£s M per cent In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK, LIST.
Ehare* Closing
Sold. Stock— . Bid.
4.270 AtchliOQ »•• »••• J7H
New York Stock Market.
lLCH) Atchison prefd 70"i
2.235 Baltimore & Ohio 75
Canadian Pacific SS
Canada Southern 49
200 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
.....*.. Chicago Great Western 10\» >
«,6r0 Chicago liurlinprton & Quincy 127
Chicago Ind & Louis 20^i '
Chicago IiiJ & Louts prefd 52
Chicago & East Illinois 'j6Y 2
2.4 f O Chicago & Northwestern 185Vi
7.'"i>0 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 107H
200 C C «; & St Louis 5S>»
Colorado Southern C*i
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41'i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
400 Delaware &. Hudson Ill
Ts^io Delaware Lack & Western 1^2
Denver & Rio Grande is s i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 674
Erie ! Wi
Erie l«t prefd 32'j
Great Northern prefd 132
400 Hoiking Coal H s i
Hocking Valley 33Vs
S2P Illinois Central ll"'i
100 Iowa Central JS^2
100 Iowa Central prefd 40
Kansas <'ity Pittsburg & Gulf 15^
I^ike Erie & Western 2S^
I-ake Erie & Western prefd «3
I,ik« t?hore 20S
l/'OO Louisville & Nashville "1 T <
2.7'J« Manhattan L. ?!'*
3<n) Mettcixilitan Street Railway 155
1<X) Mexican Central 12
1<« Minn & St Ix>uls - r '6 j
HW Minn & St Louis prefd S4
3iO Missouri Pacific M%
Mobile & Ohio 3S
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9?i
KiO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 30
200 New Jersey Central 12«
3,7i«i New York Central 130
M0 Norfolk & Western 34 j
525 Norfolk & Western prefd <4'2
S.7"0 Northern Pacific "'I'a \
#¦•0 Northern Pacific prefd il 1 * j
550 Ontario & Western «tt |
Oregon Ry & Nav 4. j
Oregon Ky & Nav prefd 76 1
1.7S') Pennsylvania 28v»«
Rea<lins »Ji j
l.E^fl Heading 1st prefd £\
UK) Reading 24 prefd WJ4
IUo Grande Western «^'s
Rio Grande Western preld 90
22j St Louis & San Francisco 9'i
L & San Fran 1st prefd 6<S ;
I .«t C & San Fran 2<1 prefd 33' 2 I
3.210 Si Lr.uis Southwestern UVj
2.1>*i St Lenta Southwestern prefd 27 5 » j
11.1W) St Paul U-**
St Paul prefd »«0
Bt Paul & Omaha Ho
1,500 Southern Pacific - 33',n
CK) Southern Hallway 11 ,
l.D"0 Southern Railway prefd 52*»
100 Texas & Paciflc 14 s * .
li,::o I'nkn Pacific Wi
2.74S Union Pa-lfic prefd •6's
400 Wabaih •!»
1.200 Wabofli prefd '=°?
Wheellnc & L K **i
250 Wheeling i L E M prefd -H
AVisconi=in Central j£
Third Avenue W
Express Companies —
Adams l?j
American 1»«
Tnited States • *•>
Welli Fargo W
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 3o»*
American Cotton Oil prefd $&*~
800 American Malting jH
COO American Malting prefd 24^
100 American Smelting and Refining.. 36',,
100 American Smelt and Refln prefd.. 8S
American Spirits 1**
American Spirits prefd 1«
2,?M Amrrican Steel Hoop 1? : 4
CfiO American Steel Hoop prefd 6CVj
2.2.V> American Steel & Wire 34*g
L9M American Steel & Wire prefd 74>i
VM American Tin Plate »V4
American Tin Plate prefd 77
6.220 American Tobacco 95 J ,4
American Tobacco prefd 128
l.SlO Anaconda Mining Co 45H
S.S75 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 53
L459 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30)4
970 Continental Tobacco 26
450 Continental Tobacco prefd 78'£t
5,4ifl Federal Steel 3m
500 Fp<J<-raI Steel prefd 65>i
General Klectric 132»i
630 Glucose Sugar 0V/2
GlUCOM Sugar prefd 03
200 International Paper 23
International paper prefd C^
100 I^aclede Gas 74
450 National Biscuit 20T4
National Biscuit iirefd &">
2,320 National Load 17V4
520 'National Lead prefd 83Vj
6f"0 National St>*l 25'4
720 National Steel prefd 85«4
New York Air Brake 13*
1,700 North American 13%
200 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
Paoifle Coast 2nd prrfd 6-">
6T,0 Pacific . Mall 31
1,900 PfOJ.le's Oas O'.t'i
100 Pressed Steel Car 4"»'j
1 ZS>'i Pressed Steel Car prefd 72
200 Pullman Palace Car ..: 1S6
Standard Rope & Twine 5V«
14.400 Sugar 123
Sugar prefd 117
3,470 Tennessee Coal &• Iron 71VJ
900 ITnited States Leather IQ'i
United States Leather prefd 6R'<»
3,125 United States Rubber 2314
300 United States Rubber prefd 94Vi
740 Western Union 80%
700 Republic Iron & Steel 10^4
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 52»>
P C C & St Louis 60 "
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s (when M K & T 4s 91H
issued) reg :.103%iN Y Central lsts..l0S>ii
do coup K'TVN J Cent gen 5s.. .1214
U S 2s rez 101 Nor Pac 3s CSVi
¦do 3s reg. K"9 do 4s 103»i
do 3s coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s.lO0'i
do now 4s r«>ir..l32Vi'Nor & n'wt con 4* 97"i
do now 4s coup-.. .132'-. Ore Nav l*ts 109 ¦- -
do «.ld 4s reg. ...115 I do J« io:u
do old <s coup.... 113 |On» S L 6* 125%
do 5s res 113 I do con 5s^ 112^
do f-s coup 113 'Reading BfaSs 87%
Dlst or Col 3-63S..123 |Tt G W lsts.7T>... SSi*
Atrh gen 4s J01 St L. & I M con Cs.llOVi
do adj 4* S4'<i St L & S F gen 6s.l2H,
Can Sou 2nds ing Ht Paul con 167U
«'h^s & Ohio 4^s. «Oi4 St P C & P Ists..ll7
do 5s J 117'i* do Ss ll^*i,
Chi & N\V ccn 7a.i39 Sou Pac 4s. 7S14
<lo S F I>ob 5«...1i)'/, So Ry 5s ..IOS-4
Chi Terminal 4s... Ht% Stan R & T 6s f.9
fo!o Sou 4s S2 ,T & P 1st*. 111U
D & I'. G lsts 10! j do 2nd* £7
do 4s 97V» Union Paciflc 4s..lfir,a;
Erie gen 4s fiS iWabash lsts H7«i
Gen Electric 5s 113V do 2nds 101
Iowa Central lsts. 113 iWest Shore 4s III*;
K C P t G 1Mb... G9 U%"is Cent Ists SS%
L & N united 4s. Ss'i VIr Centuries...;:. S3V4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 ( Ontario .......C25
Crown Point 12'Ophlr M
Con Cal & Va 13UPlymouth ¦ 10
Dcadwooa 45Q.uickBlI\-er ..."...¦... 1 B0
•Jould & Curry 14 Quicksilver prefd .. 6 .'.0
Hale & Norcross... 2 » Sierra Neva Ja J3
Homestake DO t* Standard 3:-)
Iron Silver -. DO Union Con i. lg
Mexican 2S Yellow Jacket 29
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWrst End 93
Call loans 2®3 iWesl Electric 45
Time loans 3Q4',4iWis Central IS
Stocks— - j Bonds—
A T & S F 27».i Atchlnson 4s.. 99U,
do prefd 70% >N E Gas & Coke os 64U
Amer Sugar .12t%; Mining Shares
do prefd 116 lAdventure ..I 2%
; Bell Telephone ....14S Allouez Mining Co. 1
Boston & Albany. .21S !A.maI Copper .... 8*14
Boston Elevated ..143 'Atlantic ;.. 22^4
Boston & Maine.. . 1SS ' Boston & Mon .309
C U & Q 127',t'Butte & Boston ... 61
Dominion Coal 40" 'Calumet &. Hecla.,742
Federal Steel 84 Centennial 174
Da prefd 66 Franklin .......... 13«
Fltchburg prefd. ..rS5 Humboldt .......... 25
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 Osceola ...'.........'. 67VJ
Ed Elec HI .......205 Iparrot ............. 40%
NOTE — In the above exposition of th« t! •.:— *
the early mornlne tides are given In taa left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tbe cnier of occurrence as to time. Thn
second time column glvea the second tide •{
the day, the third time column th» third tld*
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights/'
Riven are in addition to the soundings oa ; th* (
United States Coast Survey charts, except '
when a minus sijrn (— ) precede* the hei«ht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference in th» m»an of the lower low waters.
# jj
Business wai quiet en the morning session
of the Bond Exchange, with no fluctuations
worthy of note.
In the afternoon Honokaa was lower at $29 60
©28 87%. Gaa and Electric advanced to $32 25
and Giant Powder to $S6.
The oil stocks were quiet all day.
The Belcher Mining Co. has levied an assess
ment of 10c, the Savage one of 10c. Wnd the
Confidence one of 2Cc.
The Oakland Ga3 Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Paciflc and Sunset Telephone Companies
will pay the usual monthly dividends of 40c
and 25c per share respectively on the 15th.
• The Central Oas Light Company pays a quar
terly dividend of $1 per share this month.
The Kilauea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Aug. 13—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit O L Co 3% 3}i
4b quar coup.. 115 116 Mutual El Co. 10 11
4s do res 113 US OGL&H — 80
4s do cp new..l32«2l33»-a Pac Gas Imp. 50 51
03 quar coup. .109 110 Pac L Co 44I3 —
Miscellaneous— Sae KlG&PCo. 2."» —
Cal-st Cab Ss.-llSH — S F G & E... 52 62^4
C C Water 5s. 103^106^ ian Francisco, a 5Va
Ed L'& P bs.li'7Vs — ' tfe n G & E Co 10 —
V & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance —
Geary-st R Cs. — 99 Flrem's Fund.2C7 —
H C & S 5>/4s. — — Bank Stocks*—
Do Bs — 304 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 —
L. A Ry 53..... 106 106U Bank of Cal.. — 412'*
L A Ll to (is. — — Lai Si D & T..10J^ —
Do gntd 6s.. — — First Nationl.273 —
L A Kntd os. .100 — Lon P & A. ...134% —
L A P R R 5s. — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 63. ..128 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M 5s.US?4 — Savlnss Banks—
N C N G R 7s. — - Ger S & L...IS90 —
N R of Cal 63.113 — Hum S & L... — —
Do 5s — 119 Mut Sav Bk.. 43 _
N P C R R 63.101 — S F Sav U....507 —
Do os 106 107 bav & L So... 71 78
N Cal Ry 5s..im; — .Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak C. L, & 11.111 11* Union T Co.... — —
Oak Trans 63.116^117^ Street Railroads-
Oak W Costdis — 10.1 California in —
Oceanic S Co.l06%lC6 L 2!u»nry-3t so —
Om C Ry 6s. ..127 123 |Market-st 6t —
P & Cl Hy «s.lO3Vi — li> S L & H.... — —
P & O R R 6S.115 — Presidio — 22'i
Powell-st It 63.120 — Powder Stocks—
Sae El G&RSs. 99 101 California ....l.=s lfi?t<.
S F & SJV 53.119 119*4 Giant Con Co. 83TJ, S6«;
M<or Cal 6s.ul limiVigorit 3 1 ,; 3U
S P of A 6s.. — 111%] )-uiar Stocks—
b f C 6s(19u5>. — 111 Hana S P Co. 7*i 8U
Do (1506) — 112% Hsw C fz S r<> <!7 —
Do (1912) 119^ — Honokaa P Co. 2^Ta 23H
>PRClst ctnos. - — Hutch S P Co. 25 23"'i
S P Br 6^.-. .132?; — Kllauea SP Co BBS 2l'i
S V Water <>».113V. — Makaweli S Co 4U-. —
Do 4s 103*103 Onomea S Co. 2* 27
Do 3d mtz..lO2 — Paauhau S Co 30U 20vs
Stocktn Gas 6s 99H — Mi«eellaneou3—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. — 119*4
Contra Costa.. 6S»i C8Vi Cal Fruit Assn 97% —
Martn County. SO — Mer Ex Assn. 97 10O
Spring Valley. 94% 95 Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
¦Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cent G & I* Co — — Pac C Bor Col50 —
Cent L & P Co 4 5 Par Paint Co.. 13 —
Morning Session.
Board — .
40 Contra Costa Water 63 »»
' $7,0C« Contra Costa Water bonds 106 00
23 Equitable Gas 3 W>
33 Equitable Gas *. 3 £2'i
$10,0<K> Market-street Cable 6s 1CS Oft
50 Paauhau S P Co. cash 30 37'i
30 Paauhau S P Co +. 30 37!;,
25 Paciflc Gas Imp J.. 50 00
23 S F Gas and Electric Co 51 S7'i
$4000 S V 4s <2d morts) 1?2 75
• Street—
73 Alaska Packers' Awn ..119 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
95 Contra Costa Water 6S 23
15 Giant Powder Con 86 00
10 Honokaa S Co 29 50
. 35 Honokaa S Co -9 2".
9.-, Honokaa S Co 29 00
50 Honokaa S Co, cash 2S S7".
560 Honokaa S Co 2S S7'>
120 Makawell « "'• <
25 Paauhau S P Co...: 30 37>i !
Oas Imp 60 oa
50 Paciflc Gas Imp 50 23
20 f F Gas and Electric Co 52 2j
$3,000 S P Branch R'y 6s 133 00
lOOVlgorlt 3 37'i
Street— , '¦','• =•
30 Market-street Railway 6« 25
$3,000 Oceanic S S bonds 1C« r,
$2,000 S V 4s <2d mtge) 102 73
' PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
5000 Caribou 13
Atternoon Session.
50 Home Oil * 70
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlne' Session
400 Belcher 1S| 30O Occidental 0«
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40| 600 Ophlr «2
100 Crown Point ... 1» 200 Overman OS
200 Gould & Curry 1S| 1M> Suraga 12
lOfl Hale a; Norc... 21 ICO Sierra Nevada. Zn
200 Justice 06 20O Silver Hill £3
Afternoo« Session.
200 Belcher .......... 13 100Oocklcnt.il 06
100 Challenj.1 22 200 Ophlr C9
200 Chollar 14 100 Ophir CO
200 Con Oal A Va..l 40 100 Savaga 11
200 Con Imperial.*.. C2 200 Sav:is« 12
600 Gould & Curry liii W> Sierra Nevada. ST>
1(X> Mexican 2S; 100 Union Con ;2
oOC LuxiiMii ........ 291 2^0 Yellow Jacket.. IS
The following were the sales in the Pacifle
Stock Exchange yesterday: ;
Morning Session,
COO Con Cal .fe Va..l 40 500 O;>hir CO
10OO Kentuc!c .*... 02 JOO Silver H''> 1-3
S03 M'-*xu:an 27|
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 09; 100 Ophir H
300 Belcher 1* bOO Overman OS
200 ' aledonla 66 200 Savage 11
2CO Con Cal & Va..l 40 Wo Sllvnr Hill 53
200 Cr<wn Poir.t... 15 1C0 Union Con 22
?00 Hale & Norc... 22 oCO Yellow Jacket.. 23
JOO Ke.ntuck i'2 r»0O Yellow Jacket.. 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Aek.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 CS'Justlce (XI 07
a ...; 04 OJlfCentuck 02 03
Andes OS Uj Lady Wash 02 —
Tlelciicr It lG;Mexican 2* 23
Best & J'flcher 15 20|Occidental 06 07
Bullion "3 ClOphir Jft GO
Ca'»d«in.;\ (~> Ct- Overman 07 C9
Chollar 13 15 Potosl 13 13
Challenge Con.. 22 ;3' Savage 11 12
Confidence ..... *3 >»;Scorplon 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 33 1 40 Seg Belcher C2 03
Con Imperial... Cl 12 Sierra Nevada.. 33 :u
Con New York. — 0J: Silver Hill oJ W
Kureka Con.... — 50 'St IjOUIs — 14
Crown Point.... 15 IS Standard 4 ID 4 2.1
Exchequer — C3: Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry li 16. Union Con 22 2:1
Hale & Norc... 22 25 Utah 07 0:i
Julia — 01' Yellow Jacket.. 26 2;
THE STOClTlVIARKET.
'Another advance in Sugar.
Sih'cr firmer. Exchange unchanged. ¦£
Wheat opened lower, but recovered '. Barley dull.
Oats in good shape everywhere. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay soft under increased receipts. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Xo further change in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions in good supply.
Stocks of Vegetables large and prices easy.
Butter firm. Cheese unchanged. Eggs steady.
Poultry and Game stand about the same.
Cold weather operating against fruit.
Xo prices for Prunes announced yet.
Dried Peaches and Apricots tending upward.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Meat market as before quoted.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Francisco Bay. Pub!!«h?d by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hij:h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mitten-street wharf> about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heijrht of tide is the same at hcth place*.
Mexican Central... Il%!Qulncy 134
Mich Telephone ... S5 Santa Fe Copper.. 4£
N E Gas & Coke.. 14«4 Tamarack 19S
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion 1SH Winona 3VI
Rubber 29>4 Wolverines 39»j
Union Paciflc 59%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Money on call steady
at 1\ per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@s
per cent; Sterling exchange weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87>4@4 87% for
demand and at $4 83% for sixty days; posted
rates, J4 R4V-SJ4 S5 and $4 SS^(g4 89; commercial
bills. $4 M' 2 i&4 ?3*i- Silver certificates, 61V.®
62 l ic. Bar silver, 61c. Mexican dollars, 4S^.c.
Bonds— Government, steady; State, Inactive;
railroad, firm.
Condition of the
WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $142,920,444; gold, $73,514,294.
London Market. '
NEW YORK. Aug. 13— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was almost nominal in the mar
kets here to-day. The news from Africa and
China was accounted disappointing, but prices
were maintained. Americans were neglected.
The contango was S'iSSVi. St. Paul and
Canadian Pacific were scarce.
Paris continued to advance copper shares,
The exchange will be closed next Saturday.
\ ' CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— Atchlson, 2SV6: Canadian
Paciflc, 99 7 *: Union Pacific preferred, 77*4;
Northern Paciflc preferred. 73»i; Grand Trunk.
6%; Anaconda. 0*4: Rand mines 40!;. Bar
silver, steady, CS l-15d. Money, Zhi per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
4t_ _ — .
LONDON. Auff. 13.— Porter Brothej-s Com-
pany sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
lott. ?2 80(?2 91 half box; Beurre Hardy, $1 8S
@2 3C half box; Beurre Clalrgeau, $1 51@1 75
half box. Plums— $1 70@2 SO single crate.
CHICAGO, Auc. 13.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
40cS$l 55 box: Beurre Hardy. ?1 20. Grapes-
Tokays. 95c(S$l 70 single crates; Muscats, .>0@
90c; Malaga. 50!SS0c; clusters. $1 20@l oO.
Prunes— Gros. 85c«$l 30: Hungarian. ?1 3o.
Plums— Giant. $1 25; Kelsey Japan, $1 15; bat
suma, 73c. Nectarines— Red. $1 30. Peaches—
Crawford.*, 70<SS5c; Susquehanna, uaQSOC,
Mary's Choice. tiOc; Orange Cling. 55c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malaga.
85c@$lO5 single crate. Pears— Bartletts. 90c
<g$2 05 box. Peaches— Early Crawfords, <o@Sjc
box; Eibertas, average, SOc: Susquehanna, 60
(SSOc. Prunes— Silver. average. 90c single
crate; Gros, $1 05® 1 SO; Tragedy, $1 10@l 30.
Nineteen cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.-Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, $1 2u
(SI 7,"i single crates; Malagas, 20c©$l; clusters,
7.-.<fT30e; Muscats, 40'3'45c. Pears— Bartletts, 6ac
<S52 50 box. Peaches— Susquehanna, 5oc@$l lo
box: Crawfords. cling. 30©<i0c: late Crawfords,
70eC<iJl -JO; Yellow Free, XtQodc: Eibertas, $1 0.>
01 15. Plums— Yellow EgK. 90c@$l 30 single
crates: Kelsey Japans, 50c@$4 30; Grand Duke,
averarre, $1 05; Kobe de Sargent,. $101 20.
Prunes— Gro?. 50ci?$l 30 single crates: Hun
garians, 8SC#|1 35; Silver, $1@1 40; Italians,
average. ?l 13; Californian, average, 70c.
Porter Brothers Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts. 60c@$2 10 box and 60®S5c half box: Beur
re Hardy. S5c(R$l 35: Howell, 95c; Clapp's Fav
orite, 73WSDC Plums— Japans $2 39; Quacken
boss, 60c; Washineton, 23«T5nc. Prunes— Gros,
50cii$l 20; Italian, "8^-; Felienberg, 70c; Silver.
20tfi70c. Peaches— Tuscan Clings, $1<Z?1 0o.
Grapes— Ma'.acas, 45(f(o5c single crates; clus
ters. $110. Twenty-six cars of fruit sold to
day, y
&Cew York Mital Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Continued dullness
prevailed in all iron and metal markets to
day. Tin in London declined £1 to £143 for
spot and '£136 los for futures, and the local
market eas?d off somewhat in sympathy with
this break. The. close v.as easy at $31 40@3l 63.
Copper unchanged at $16 50 locally, but was
8s higher in London. Lead ruled dull and unJ
changed at $4 23 and spelter quiet at $4 17H-©
4 22H- Pig Iron warrants dull and weak at
$11 CO. The brokers' price for lead is $4, and
for copper $16 62%.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, August 11. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 4S.21S.00O CS3.000
Corn 11,351. (VO 969,000
Oats 5,S57,0C'O 272.000
Rye 642.01)0 1.000
Barley S50,C00 55,000
Nrzv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— Cotton opened bare-
ly steady with prices unchanged to 10 points
lower; but immediately developed strong
characteristics, following heavy foreign buying
and a bad scare of local shorts. By middaj
an advance of 3019 points ha<l been recorded,
with subsequent fluctuations showing still
further improvement. At the close the mar
ket was very steady, with prices net 1 to 13
points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— Consols, PS 3-16@r>SVi:
silver. T3 l-16d; French rentes, lOOf 40c; wheat
cargoes on passage, rather easier: No. 1
standard California, 31s 4Vid; Walla Walla.
29s 7',id; Imports of wheat Into . the United
Kingdom. 3S2.O00 qrs; do flour, 175,000 qrs:
wheat and flour on passage to the United
Kingdom, 2,240,000 qrs; do to Continent, 1,240,
000 <jrs.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 13.— Wheat, dull: No. 1
standard California. 6s lHdSfc; 3d; wheat In
Paris, hollilav: French country markets, dull;
weather in Encland. fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 21-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 Red Western
Winter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern Sprine. 6s 4d:
No. 1 California, 6s 4%d@6s 5d. Futures-
Steady: September, 5s ll%d; December, 6s »id.
CORN— Spot, steady;, American mixed new,
3s lUsd; do old. 4s >4d. Futures— Steady: Sep
tember, 3s 10*id; October, 3s lid; November,
3s livid. " ;
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Ore., Aug.' 13.-^-Clearing»,
$374,697; balances, $58,955.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 13.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 55c; Valley, 54@55c; Bluestem, 5Sc.
WASHINGTON*.
TACOMA. Aug. 13.— Wheat dull and un
changed; Bluestem, 59c; Club, 66c; both for
expert.
Calif ornia Fruit Sales.
Wheat and Oat," $9 50®ll 50; Oats, $8©10; Clorer.
$4(86;, Alfalfa, $6®7 50; Barley, $6 50«8 60 per
ton. ¦ •
STRAW— 25@40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There was no ' further change In Beans and
the market 'was featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 75; Small White, $3 40
03 60; large White, $2 60@2 SO: Pink. $2 25@2 75:
Red $3JS@3 50; Blackeye, $3 50; Lima. J5 20®
5 25; Pea, $3 50® 3 70; Red Kidneys. $3 25® 3 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mtntard, 4c; Flax. ?2iS2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2H@3c; Hemp, 4®4V4c; Tlmo-
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green. $2 25®
2 50 per ctl: Blackeye. $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are auoted weak and dull, and sales
at the top quotation are few. Potatoes stand
about j the same, though choice Sweet from
Frosno are selling up to 2Vic.
Vegetables continue plentiful and easy, even
Tomatoes dragging. ¦
POTATOKb— Garnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
Rose,* 25@30c; Burbanks, 35@60c for Rivers and
75c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, lH@2^c
ONIONS — Yellow, 60®85c per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 65075c.
VEGETABLES— Green Oorn. 50cfi$l per sack.
50(@75c per crate for Berkeley and $lfi?l 60 for
Alameda: Green Peas, 2@3c per lb;, String
Beans, 2@3c; Llmas, 4c; Cabbage, 40@50c:
Tomatoes, River, 25@40c; Bay, 25<g60c: Egg
Plant, 50@75c per box; Green Okra. 35(350c;
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for Chill and 50
friGOc for Bell; Dried Pepners. 8@10c: Carrots, 25
fT35c per sack; Summer Squash. 25@35c for Ala
moda; Cucumbers, 20@25c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 per ctl lor No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Ganlc. 2
@3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
Poultry and Came.
There was no Eastern stock on the market
yesterday, though some was expected. Game
was quiet.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and 12®14c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 17@19c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50®2: Goslings, $1 50@2;
Ducks, $3® 4 for old and $304 for young; Hens,
$3 50105; Young Roosters, $4©5; Old Roosters,
$404 50; Fryers, $303 50: Broilers. $2 6003 for
large and $1 50<g2 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75
p? r dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Sauabs.
GAME — Doves, 60©C3c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare,
$1 23. ,- i&pg. >^~,:; :'f- ']: S^ : : : .-.. •;•¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy creamery Butter is bringing the top
quotation, though the market is not overflrm at
the advance. Dairy Butter, strictly fine. Is
scarce and firm. There is nothing new in
Cheese. Eggs are In lighter receipt and
steady." ' • . •
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 24®25e; seconds,
<>2ij|23*4c ~ :
3 Dalrj'— Fancy, 22',4c; good to choice, 2O#22c;
common, 15@lSc.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.'
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— ISS'Cc. '"
CHEESE— New. 9c, fancy brands higher: old,
S^S'^c; Young America. 10c; Eastern, 13>A@
14c; Western. 10@12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 15<319c for store and 21@
24c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14H®lSc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market vras slow and featureless, with
little change In prices. The cold, foggy
weather continued to operate against Melons
and Grapes, and indeed affected all sorts more
or less. There were plenty of Peaches and
Pears on hand. -,,.,.
Limes are firm and Lemons weak. The lat
ter are selling briskly at high prices in the
East, owing- to the hot wave there.
. DKCimJOlTS-KUUlTS— -
' APPI^ES °5®40c per box for common nna
50c(i7$l for good to choice; Crabapples, 23335c
per small box and £0665c per large box.
1'EARS- Bartlett*, 354j'75c in boxes and $12 50
22 50 fer tr>n In hulk.
QriNOES~40<373c per box. . „
PLUMS— 20®4Ue per box and crate; In bulk,
$10©15 per ton; Prunes. 2J!g:0c per crate; Egg
Plums. S10<H15 per ton. ¦ '
STRAWBERRIES— $3«3 per chest for large
and J-VfiS for small berries.
RASPBERRIES-?Ga9 per chest.
BLACKBKnniEP-?3@3 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES- — - per chest.
HUCKLBUKRRIKR— S06c w-rlb.
PIGS 35@50c for sinsle and io®90c for double
White, 35-S50c per box; red,
""PEACHES- 25®.10c per box and 25960c per
baFkef In bulk. *1J«22 SO per ton for freestone
and J2i>?T25 for clings.
ORAPFS— Fontalnebleau. 3^?a0c per crate;
Mu«cats, B0iB75c per rrate; Seedless. 5O«6Oc per
crate: Sweetwater, 35@50c: black. 40@60c: To-
2>if60c per case; Canta
loupes. BOcOH 25 per crate; Watermelons. $5@
13. xviih extra large at p©25 perlM.
CITUUS FRUITS— Valenclas. $2®3; Lem
ons tl 50@2 50 for common and S3©4 for pood
to choice"- Mexican Limes. $6 5007; Bananas,
$1 2502 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®3 50 per
dozen. >P : v-
Dried. Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The continued holding oft of opening prices
of Prunes by the association Is beginning to
be felt, as everybody concerned in the trade is
at seal Quotations will probably be an
nnunced In a few days.
Other fruits are firm, with an upward ten
dency In Apricots and Teaches. ¦ -,
NKW CROP — Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6@
Sc for TtoyaJs and ?'/4<??10*ic f or Moorparks ;
Evaporated Apples. Sff«c: sun-dried. 3034c
Peaches 6ff V,bc for standard, 6c for choice and
7c for fancy: Pears, 5fi7 l ,4c: Plums, pitted.
&£<'t>c; unpitted. lfi'Mic; Xectarlnes, 435c for red
and 5@6c for -white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c: standard. 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8V4c: choice, 7Hc; standard. 6Hc;
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 5c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown, 6»4c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices f. -o. b. at common shipping points in
California—. ¦
NUTS— Walnut!". 8@10c for Standards and 9
©lie for softshells: new Almonds, 114®12^c
for paper-shell. 9%®10V4c for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell; Peanuts. Ei§6Hc for Eastern and
5@6c for California; Brazil Mats. 11©12>4c:-Fil
berts 12@13c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoa nut-. $3 00
®5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 110
ll%c for light amber: water white. 7*iff*Hc;
llKht amber extracted. 6li!g6%c; dark. 6Vi4»6c
P *EEESWAX-24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Trtf market continues dull and unchanged. ,
ClAtKD , MEATS — Bacon, lovjc per lb for
heavy', lie for llrv' "•d1nm. 12Uc for light. 13c
for extra lieht and HHc for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13e: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, J13; Family, |14; extra Prime
Fork. ,»-; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 60; Smoked
Beef. 12'/4®13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9V4c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. lOtic.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel, 8T4c; three
half-barrels. fc%c; one tierce, SHc; two tierces,
8V4c;_flve tierces. 8%c per lb. •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sel!
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light. 8%c; Cow
hides, SV4c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf,, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c: Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c: culls and brands.. 12c: Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 20®3Oc each: short Wool. 30Q50c each;
medtum. 60@80c: Ions Wool. 90c££$l 10 each;
Horse Hides, rait. S2(j?2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium, II for small and 60c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 *>0 for large, $1 25 for medium,
$1 for small and 23iS5Oc for colts. Deerskins —
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins.
30c- winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4V4c per lb; No.
2. Jjravic: creas* 2<ET2Vjc
WOOL — SprinR clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15<gl6c; Northern, -defective. 12Q 1
He; Mtddle County, free. 14®16c; Middle Coun
ty defective. 12ffl4c: Southern Mountain. 12
months',. lltftlZc: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10@12c; Southern Mountain,: defective,
7 months', 8@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16fil7c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb. ' ,
Fall Clip— San Joaouln. 8S10c: dn Lambs',
S@O%c: Humboldt and Mendcdno, 10812c: Moun
tain. 9@10c per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5®10c per- lb; new.
lC@12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule. . •. ¦ . _ '.,.-.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice. -
VEAL— Large; 7gSc : small, 9©10c per ' lb. V
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc; ewes, 7@7Hc per
pound. '"..'¦- " . -J-
LAMB— Spring. 8%®9c per lb.'
PORK— Live Hogs, B®6Hc for small, BX©5%c
for medium and BH@5Hc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 6%@5-Hc; dressed Hogs, 8@8^C
General Merchandise.
:'/¦ BAGS— San . Quentln 'Bags. ._ $5 63: Calcutta
Grain- Bags, 8%c;- Wool Bags. 28%©32',4c:
,Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6H@6?ic for wblte and
8%@8?ic for e bleached Jute.
• COAL-?- Wellington, ' {3 " per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, 19;' Seattle, *7: Bryant. |«; Coos
Bay, (5 60: .Wallsend. «9; Co-operative - Wall
¦•nd, |9; Cumberland. 112 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks ; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 114 ; Can
nel. Ill per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
IIS in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. 18 45
top, $5 35; mixed and butchers, 1505 27V4; good
to choice heavy, $4 95@5 25; rough heavy, $4 75@
4 90; light, $3 05@5 3a; bulk of sales. s $5 05<£S 20.
SHEEP — Receipts," 20.000: sheep 10c to loc
lower, except for best;- lambs, steady; good to
choice wethers, $4 25@4 6j; fair to choice mixed,
$3 75@4 25; Western sheep, 14^4 40; Texas
sheep, $3#4: native lambs, J4 25@5 50; Western
lambs, $4 75© 5 60. ,'- w
x-J. : : — K-
Calif or nia Fruit Sales.
per tOOO lbs and $3 60 per ton, accordlns to
brand.
SUGAR— The market continues to advance.
The Western Sugar Refining Company quotes,
per lb, -in 100-lb bars: Cubes. A Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6.50c; Powdered. 6.10c;
Candy Granulated, 6.10c; I>ry Granulated,
6c; Confectioners' A, 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c:
Extra - C. 6.50c; Golden C. 6.40c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c
more ; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inos. half-barrels, 6.73c; boxes, 7c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST IS.
Flour, qr eka 1,670 Chicory 2.-
Wheat. ctla 6,800 Wine, sals 37,600
Barley, ctla .... 7.570 Pelts, bndls J43
Oata. ctls 4,825 Hides. No 771
Cheese, ctls 41 Wool, bogs »»7
Butter, ctls l£0 Flax, sks :.. Vo
Tallow, ctls CH Straw. ton3 5
Sugar, bbls ...... 250 Hay. tons 1372
Sugar, sks :oo Bran, sks 441
Eggs, doz ........ 10.no! Onions, sks 600
Leather, rolls .... ISO Potatoes, sks .... 3,573
Lime, bbls 733 Beans, sks : so
OREGON.
Flour, ar ska .... 7.882 Beans, sks 515
Wheat, ctls 3,800 Wool, bales 7
Oats, ctls 470
THE SA5t FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
<- Times and Heights of High and Low
patera at Fort Point, entrance to San
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
TUESDAY, AUGUST U.
Sun rises 5:2
Sun seta : 7:0
Moon rises 9:05 p. m
O ITlme! I Time! jTlme! ITimel
¦ I 1 Ft. t 1 Ft. I i Ft. I ? Ft.
14 ... 1:42! 5.0' 7:30 1.2 2:091 5.5) 8:201 0.
15 ... 2:5l! 4.« 8:12 l.S 2:52| 5.7 9:26 0.
1« ... 4:041 4.J 9:01 !.4 3:401 5.7! l'):40 0.
17 ... 5:I4| 3.91 10:00| S.SI 4:33| 5.6! 11:52 0.:
13 ... 6:4a| 3.9i lt:09| 3.0! 5:34i 5.7i I
jl. \vi ;h w( (l w in wt
19 ...I 1:W)I 0.0! 7:ii! 4.1! 12:23! 3.2; S:3^' 5.
20 ... 1:SD'— 0.21 8:38! 4.4: l:22j 3.l! 7:331 5.
!3
.7
1
Steamer. f From. I Dn«.
Mackinaw Seattle lAug. 1*
San Mateo Xanalmo 'Aug. 1*
Warfleld Oysttr Harbor Aug. 11
Australia Honolulu Augr. 1*
De! Ncrte Portland Aus.lt
Orizaba ..(Humboldt Auj. 14
Corona 'San Dleso Aug. fj
V.'alla Walla ..iPusret Sound Aug. 1"
Xewburp JGraj'3 Harbor Aug. 1 5
Crescent City ..ICrescent City Aug. 14
Matteawan ....(Tacoma Auff. lo
Point Arera (Point Arena Aug. 17
Kureka ...IHumholdt Aug. 17
Bonita Newport Aujf. 17
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 17
State of Cal Portland Aug. IS
Hongkong MaruiChina and Japan Aug. 14
Ptate of Cal IPortland Auj. li
Procrcso jTar"ma Aus. 1^5
Rival iWiUapa Harbor Aug. IS
Titanla IN'analmo Au?. IS
Peru IN'ew York Aug. U
Arc.-ita iCcoa TUy IAmr. '.3
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
City Pueb:a' Victoria [Aujr. H. 11 am|Pter
W. Krusrcr.lTiltaniock |Aus. 14, 12 mPler
North ForkJHumboldt |Au?. 15. 12 mjPler
Coos Bay..iNewport I Aur. IS. » ami Pier 1
Columbia ..ll'ortland ! Aug. 18. 11 am Pier :
Del Norte.. Portiarxl [Ausr. 16. 8 am Pier !
Orizaba ... Humboldt [Aufr. IS, 2 pm Pier
Neu, hurjj .. Gray-J HarborjAu?. 17, 5 pm'Pier 1
1
n
:i
•i
11
Ccrrina i^an Diepo IAur. 11. 11 amiPler ]
Kurcka IHumbnldt !Au?. 1^. lOamjPIer
San Jose...j New York JAusr. 1«. 12 ralPMSt
ISonlta iNewrport iAur. 19. 9 air.l Pier 1
Walla Wai. {Victoria lAus. 13. Uam|Pler
Czarina ....|Seattle Aur. 20. 11 am Pier !
Pt. Arena. .jPoint Arena.. Auff. 20. 3pm!PiiT
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
City Pueb:a' Victoria [Aujr. H. 11 am|Pter
W. Krusrcr.lTiltaniock |Aus. 14, 12 mPler
North ForkJHumboldt |Au?. 15. 12 mjPler
Coos Bay..iNewport I Aur. IS. » ami Pier 1
Columbia ..ll'ortland ! Aug. 18. 11 am Pier :
Del Norte.. Portiarxl [Ausr. 16. 8 am Pier !
Orizaba ... Humboldt [Aufr. IS, 2 pm Pier
Neu, hurjj .. Gray-J HarborjAu?. 17, 5 pm'Pier 1
1
n
:i
•i
11
Ccrrina i^an Diepo IAur. 11. 11 amiPler ]
Kurcka IHumbnldt !Au?. 1^. lOamjPIer
San Jose...j New York JAusr. 1«. 12 ralPMSt
ISonlta iNewrport iAur. 19. 9 air.l Pier 1
Walla Wai. {Victoria lAus. 13. Uam|Pler
Czarina ....|Seattle Aur. 20. 11 am Pier !
Pt. Arena. .jPoint Arena.. Auff. 20. 3pm!PiiT
Steamer. f From. I Dn«.
Mackinaw Seattle lAug. 1*
San Mateo Xanalmo 'Aug. 1*
Warfleld Oysttr Harbor Aug. 11
Australia Honolulu Augr. 1*
De! Ncrte Portland Aus.lt
Orizaba ..(Humboldt Auj. 14
Corona 'San Dleso Aug. fj
V.'alla Walla ..iPusret Sound Aug. 1"
Xewburp JGraj'3 Harbor Aug. 1 5
Crescent City ..ICrescent City Aug. 14
Matteawan ....(Tacoma Auff. lo
Point Arera (Point Arena Aug. 17
Kureka ...IHumholdt Aug. 17
Bonita Newport Aujf. 17
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 17
State of Cal Portland Aug. IS
Hongkong MaruiChina and Japan Aug. 14
Ptate of Cal IPortland Auj. li
Procrcso jTar"ma Aus. 1^5
Rival iWiUapa Harbor Aug. IS
Titanla IN'analmo Au?. IS
Peru IN'ew York Aug. U
Arc.-ita iCcoa TUy IAmr. '.3
TUESDAY, AUGUST U.
Sun rises 5:2
Sun seta : 7:0
Moon rises 9:05 p. m
O ITlme! I Time! jTlme! ITimel
¦ I 1 Ft. t 1 Ft. I i Ft. I ? Ft.
14 ... 1:42! 5.0' 7:30 1.2 2:091 5.5) 8:201 0.
15 ... 2:5l! 4.« 8:12 l.S 2:52| 5.7 9:26 0.
1« ... 4:041 4.J 9:01 !.4 3:401 5.7! l'):40 0.
17 ... 5:I4| 3.91 10:00| S.SI 4:33| 5.6! 11:52 0.:
13 ... 6:4a| 3.9i lt:09| 3.0! 5:34i 5.7i I
jl. \vi ;h w( (l w in wt
19 ...I 1:W)I 0.0! 7:ii! 4.1! 12:23! 3.2; S:3^' 5.
20 ... 1:SD'— 0.21 8:38! 4.4: l:22j 3.l! 7:331 5.
!3
.7
1
AI Ll \l\\% S AS rS
fe AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
TXTESDAY, Aug. 14. 1300. at 11 a. m.
70 head HORSES from Marlncsa Stock Fara.
From 1200 to ISOO dounds.
Several well-matched carriage teams. Som»
Dig truck horses. Fine business and saddl*
horses. Every horse well broken. Stock now
on exhibition.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. \
' 721 HOWARD ST. \RAN JOSE, Auk. 13.— The winery of A.
Adotto, near Evergreen, was destroyed by flre
this evening. Loss about 112.000, partially cov
ered by Insurance. About OO.COO gallons of wine
was destroyed.
"This is to certlfv that Mr. Henry
Schwartz Is under mv care. Some time
ago he had a stroke of paralysis. Any
excitement or fatigue at the present mo
ment may bring on another attack. His
condition at the present time must com
pel me to ask a postponement of his trial
or any consideration of -any kind of hla
case."
Detective Crockett is still, investigating
the conduct • of Raum. Mengola and
Hulchlnson. the three jurors who voted
for an acquittal.' Judge Cabanlss said
yesterday that he thought Baum was
correct In his statement to Chief Suili
van that he had asked to be excused from
serving on the jury. He recollected that
Baum had come to him in the warrant
clerk's ofnce.before hQ met Bailiff Flem
ing in the basement and made the re
quest, which was refused.
The venire of seventy-five Jurors to be
summoned for the second trial of the
case against Henry Schwartz, charged
with pool selling, which Judge Conlan
ordered Issued Friday, has been coun
termanded. The Judge said yesterday he
would not issue the venire till he ascer
tained whether anothor Judge would try
the case, as he intended, under Instruc
tions from his physicians, to take a va
cation from this morning till next Mon
day. He will endeavor to make the
change this morning before he leaves.
Later the Judge was handed the follow
ing certificate from Dr. S. S. Kahn, 814
Sutter street:
Venire Is Countermanded.
I therefore do accuce the said William I\
Sullivan Jr. of being guilty of malfeasance In
office to wit: Willful misconduct in office con
trary to and in violation of section 758 of the
Penal Code of the State of Californa, and do
respectfully demand that he be by you accused
thereof, as required by the provisions of the
law above referred to. I hereby request that
you designate a time and place for the pro
duction of my proofs In support of this com
plaint.
"I regard the proceedings a? being silly
In the extreme," said Chief Sullivan, re
ferring to Schwartz's complaint last n'ght.
"However, as Schwartz has thrown down
the prauntlet I Intend to give him a run
for his money. If the Grand Jury takes
up the matter 1 will show Schwartz and
the rest of the pang In their true colors.
I court a thorough Investigation, and
earnestly hop« that the Grand Jury will
give me a chance to expose the methods
of the whole ganp. I have been waiting
for an opportunity like the present one,
and when I tell what I know under oath
the fur will fly. I hope Schwartz and
his attorney will not get cold feet and de
prive me of tho chance to tell what I
know about the trial of the poolsellers In
the Police Court."
I accordingly demand of you an immediate
investigation of said accusation and do now
offer to furnish the most convincing; and un
assailable proofs of the absolute falsity and
malicious nature ofithe charge ; and 1 do hereby
make complaint against the said Chief of Police
and do accuse him of having willfully and ma
liciously resorted to said charge and given pub
licity to the same for the sole and only pur
pose of intimidating any and all Jurors that
may hereafter be Impaneled to try said caBe of
People vs. Schwartz, or any case slmtlar there
to, from performing their duty of voting for
the acquittal of the defendant where they con-
Bctentlously believe that such should be their
verdict.
Henry Schwartz, through his attorney,
George D. Collins, filed a complaint
against Chief of Police Sullivan yester
day with Foreman Kibbler of the Granrt
Jury. He alleges that Chief Sullivan ac
cused members of the Police Court jury
of having been Induced by corrupt Influ
ence to acauit Schwnrtz on the charge
pool selling. After calling the attention
of the Grand Jury to the alleged charge
publicly made by Chief Sullivan Schwartz
says in his communication:
Asks for an Immediate Investigation.
Venire Summoned for His Sec
ond Trial Countermanded
by Judge Conlan.
Poolseller Schwartz Denies
That He Corrupted His
Jurors.
COMPLAINS OF
CHIEF SULLIVAN
TO GRAND JURY
HUNTINGTON CONTRIBUTES
LIBERALLY TO THE FUND
Army and. Navy Parlor has petitioned
the Governor, as ¦ commander-In-chlef of
the National Guard, to excuse all guards
men who are members of the parlor from
parading with the guard on September 10,
so that they may grace the ranks of the
NativeSons of the Golden West.
There _was a meeting of the member* of
the general committee last; night at head
quarters , for the purpose of concentrated
action in the matter of collecting the bal
ance required to carry out the ideas of the
celebration. "
Grand Marshal Costello received yester
day from:D. Thompson of Santa Barbara
a letter accepting an invitation to act as
aid. This acceptance Insures the repe
tition of a feature presented by v Mr.
Thompson as aid in the* great parade of
1890. Tnat feature consisted in the exhi
bition of an excellent saddle horse with
an: elaborate and beautifully mounted
saddle of silver, with bridle and trappings.
The I saddle and brlQJe, manufactured of
bullion from Mexican dollars, are exqui
site works of ar 1. -.*¦ : .
Ex-U*ilted States Senator Stephen M.
White, a member of Ramona Parlor, Los
Angeles, will be given a position of nondr
in the line. ¦
Yerba Buena Parlor will entertain in Its
headquarters In the Palace.
The Past Presidents' Association will
hold its first reunion and give its first
banquet during the celebration week.
Golden State Parlor will have a float
in line In the form of a golden pyramid
surmounted by Miss Annie Ackennann,
the Junior past president, a tall, stately
blonde, who will impersonate California.
. Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, chairman of
the grand ball committee, promises the
most magnificent social function that has
ever been given In the Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
The University Cadets of Berkeley will
parade about ¦ 450 men.
The members of General Winn Parlor
of Contra Costa County will parade forty
men in red coats and white trousers.
COLONEL, FRANK A. VAIL, recently
wrote a letter to C. P. Huntington
In New York asking for a subscrlp-.
tloh to the celebration fund. Yes
terday, Colonel Vail received a reply from
Mr. Huntington to the effect that the rail
road magnate had sent an order for $1000
as his personal contribution and that the
matter of a subscription by the Southern
Pacific was referred to the directors of
that corporation.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee has issued a circular urging the forth
coming celebration as a reason for all
delegates to attend the party convention
in Santa Cruz on September 5. In con
clusion the circular states:
It will antedate but a few. days the fiftieth
anniversary of the admission of California into
the sisterhood of States, of which she Is the
brightest star. Under the auspices . of the
Native Sons of the Golden West this anniver
sary,' marking the half-century mile post in our
progress, is .. to b« celebrated in the city of
San Francisco with a magnificence befitting tho
occasion, and no Callfornian who can should
fall to be present and participate.'
The order of Hermann's Sons, through
Its president; Oscar Hocks, announces
that it will have in line a magnificent
float • representing the objects of: the or
der.
Company A. Veterans of the Civil War,
organized in Oakland, Captain • C. K.
Kink commanding, will take part in the
parade. :- % ¦^^SSSs^WWC'^^iat^TOMIiilri^aER
Fulton G. Berry . has been selected as
the mascot of Fresno Parlor, which will
parade with Madera and I Hanf ord Par
lors, composing the San Joaquin division.
These will have about 700 members In
line, all wearing : the : same style ' of uni
form. The flaps will- be. white silk, with
gold fringe. A bear carrying on a' pole
an immense bunch of grapes will appear
on: them.
MISS ANNIE ACKERMAN ANI> JTTDGE P. HL KERRIGAN,
LONDON, Aug. 13.— The Boers have left
Machadodorp, according to the Lourenzo
Marques correspondent of the Dally Mall,
and occupied- Watervalonder in force.
A considerable portion of Commandant
General Botha's camp' and stores at Dal
manthua', was . destroyed ¦ by fire on Sun
day.- According to another dispatch Bar
be>rton. has -been proclaimed- the new seat
of tho Transvaal Government.
of the Transvaal Government.
BOERS LEAVE BLACHADODORP.
Barberton Proclaimed the New Seat
SANTA CRUZ,/ Aug. 13.— The salmon run is
almost unprecedented. Ten boats broke the
record to-day, bringing In 156 salmon.
CHICO, Aup. 13— George Abernathy has been
held without ball for the killing: of Quon Lout*
HinK. at the Brlsp Itanch, near Chlco, on
July 28. i
WHEATLAND. Aug. 13.— Hop picking began
In several hop yards to-day. The crop Is light
this season. Over four thousand pickers will
be employed.
FRESNO, Aug. 13.— A laborer named S.
Morano. employed by Miller & Lux at Flre
baugh, was drowned in the San Joaqmn lMver
Sunday evenlnff.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— The State Central
Committee of the Socialist Labor party issued
a call to-day for a State convention to be held
in Los Angeles 'August 24.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.— Harry . M. Randell, third
officer of the Valencia, shot himself this morn
ing on board that vessel and died almost in
stantly, yo cause Is known.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 13.— Developments
to-day In the machinists' strike on the Cana
dian Pacific Hallway show j that a settlement
has practically been effected.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 13.— An acre of land on
Lenzen avenue was purchased to-day by the
Great Western Can Company, which will erect a
large plant for the manufacture of cans.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 13.-Mrs. Ema Gett
of Sacramento, who Is grand president of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West, paid
Santa Cruz Lodge an official visit this evening.
UEnCED. Auk. 13.— Abner J. Milton, while
fishing in the San Joaquln River, fifteen miles
eouth of this city, was drowned. The deceased
was employed en the Cardwell ranch as ma
chinist.
CHICO, a'ujj. 13.— A deckhand named Joe
Pepann this morning fell from the steamer
Red Bluff, near Chico Landing, and was
drowned before assistance could reach him
Pepann was about 29 years old.
PETALUMA, Aug. 13.— The Board of Trus
tees commenced to pit to-day as a board of
equalization. The assessments for this year
are tli.'GO in excess of laet year. This gain
1b more than one-half the ealn of the entire
county.
NAPA, Aug. 13.— The channel In Napa River
is being deepened and snags and other rubbish
removed from its waters. The territory being
covered lies between the Third street brld(?c
on the water front, and the Sawyer Tannin*
Co.'s plant.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 13.-At a meeting of
the City Council held thin afternoon the con
tract for street lighting by arc electric lights
was awarded to the Merchants' Lighting Com
pany of Santa Rora, the price being $ j 50 per
nlglit per month. '
FRESNO, Aug. 13.— The large residence on
the Kalsana vineyard on Elm avenue, three
miles out of town, was destroyed by fire this
morning. Loss about $3000. The house was a
landmark on the pioneer vineyard of the coun
ty. It was built at a cost of $7000 In 1S75 In
San Francisco, and shipped here In sections., ;
PHOENIX. Aug. 13.— Johnson grass, a worth
less plant, introduced into the Verde Valley
several years ago, has spread rapidly and i«
causing serious trouble by mixture with alfalfa.
Ranchers will . hold meetings to devise means
for Its extermination. The Government experi
mental station will take the matter up and en
deavor to eradicate this grass. - ¦ ¦ >
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Judge Cabanlss. gave his decision yes
terday on the charge against W. D. Val
entine and others of running a lottery at
43 Ellis street. The Judge decided that
the charge could not be sustained, as it
had been laid down that to constitute a
lottery there must be a distribution
among several persons and a plurality of
persons Interested In the scheme. In Val
entine's case there were only the pur
chaser and the seller. Valentine and his
co-defendants were convicted last week
of running a game of chance, and the case
is on appeal.
Did Not Bon a Lottery.
An amendment to the charter submitted to
the people of this city prior to January 8, 1903
(two years from the date the charter went
into effect), would not be free from question
as to the validity of Us adoption. I do not
mean to assert that the submission of an
amendment prior to 1952 would unquestionably
be declared invalid by the courts, but it la
my oDir.lon that the earliest period at which
It can now be .said such submission would
certainly be sustained Is that Indicated above.
The language of the constitution evidences
a belief that charters adopted thereunder will
be carefully worded and not likely to need
freruent amendment. , and that It Is for the
best Interests of communities that their or
ganic laws should be stable In character and
not readily disturbed. In this belief three re
strictions were placed upon the power of
amendment, namely: That such power should
not be exercised" oftener than once
In two years; that it should . re
quire at lea*t a three-fifths vote to adopt an
amendment and that tha Legislature should
ratify such amendment before it could take
effect. .
In response to a request for an opinion
as to the earliest day on which amend
ments to trie charter may be submitted
to the people City Attorney I^ane has ad
vised the Board of Supervisors as follows:
SUBMITS AN OPINION ON
>V CHARTER AMENDMENTS
City Should Now Be Using
* Telephone Company's
Conduits.
Fire Alarm Superintendent Has Urged
That It Do So— Final Payments
Made on the Hall of
Justice.
The attention of the Board of Supervis
ors was called yesterday to the fact that
though the city Is entitled to use ona of
the ducts in the conduit system of the
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany it has never availed Itself of, the*
privilege. In explaining the case Reed took
occasion to say that notwithstanding tho
clean wording of the ordinance under
which the franchise was granted to tha
company Fire Alarm Superintendent
Hewitt had persistently appeared before
the board and its various committees and
urged that municipal funds be appropri
ated to place the city's wires under
ground.
"It Is a fact." nald Reed, "that larga
sums have already been expended to place
some of the city's wires underground, al
though the telephone company, which has
constructed thirty miles of underground
conduits in the business section, acknowl
edges that It has one of Its ducts to placa
at the disposal of the municipality. Thn
city has gone to the expense of building
fifteen miles of underground conduit9 and
this year the sum of 150.000 has been set
aside for maintenance and repair of the
fire alarm system. I request that Mr.
Hewitt be cited to appear before the
Committee on Public Utilities on Tuesday
evening and explain why the property of;
the city In the telephone company's un
derground system la not being used,"
Reed quoted the following extract from
order 21S6. passed March 3. 1S90. granting
underground privileges to the Pacific Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company for a
term of fifty years:
Section B. All rlgrht9 and privileges rrantrt
by this order to the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company or Its assigns shall bt» upon
the following conditions:
That th« city and county of San IPrandseo
shall, during the term thereof, hav« the use
without any expense to said city ¦ and county
of one continuous duct through the entire
length of all the conduits laid by said company
or Its assigns for tha exclusive use of the fire
alarm, fire patrol and police alarm service.
Reed's request that Hewitt b« directed
to be present at to-night's meeting of the
committee was productive of an order to
that effect.
The Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
was authorized to turn over to the Board
of Public Works all contracts, plans,
specifications, reports and other data re
lating to the Hall of Justice.
Final payments on the Hall of Justice
were ordered by adoption of a resolution
that an expenditure of 113,070 60 be au
thorized to be made out of tho public
building fund In payment to the Pacific
Surety Company.
FIBE ON A STEAMER.
"White Star I*iner v Cymric Harrowly
Escapes Destruction.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The White Star
liner Cymric, Just arrived, had a terrible
experience while crossing the Atlantic. At
noon on Sunday. August 5, when the big
vessel was nineteen hours out from
Queenstown, fire was discovered among
the cargo in the forward hold, and lc
raged thirty-six hours, until midnight on
Monday, when it was then reported to b«
under control. Hold Xo. 1. where the fire
la believed to have originated, had been
flooded for the purpose of checking the
flames. ' The water leaked through Into
other compartments aft. causing heavy
damage to the general merchandise stored
there. The boat, however, was not seri
ously injured.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 13.— Fire destroyed th»
residence of Jerome Case Bull, at Eccles, abovw
Felton, Sunday . afternoon. In the rtsidenc*
¦were works of art and heirlooms which Mr.
Bull recently received from New Torlc In
cubatora In an outhouse, which war* amen?
the moat expensive in the* State, were also
destroyed.
The fire ordinance was referred to the
Judiciary Committee, whlcn will amend
It to comply with the opinion of the City
Attorney. •£>.»
Granting the Board of Public Works power
to issue permits for encroachments upon and
uses of the public streets.
Declaring It the duty of property owners tn
repair side sewers or drains and making it a
misdemeanor to neglect the repair of same
after notice has been served by the Board of
Public Works. , .
Granting; permission for a fireworks display
at Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
Acting Mayor Tobin was served with a
writ of mandate on complaint of the Stan
ley-Taylor Company to compel the city to
award the contract for certain printing to
that company, it claiming to b« the low
est bidder. • ,, ,
The ordinance granting the Market
Street Railway Company the right to op
erate an electric road on Bush street, be
tween Kearny and Battery, was finally
passed.
The ordinance consenting to the aban
donment by the Market Street Railway
Company of franchises on certain streets
was finally passed.
The ordinance imposing a license of $3
per annum for each chair In bootblack
stands upon the public streets or side
walks was finally passtd.
The Treasurer and Tax Collector were
authorized to purchase adding machines
for use in their respective offices.
The City Attorney was authorized to
present a claim to the United States Gov
ernment for 11255. the amount of a Judg
ment obtained against the city for dam
ages done one Rehfeld by a mob of United
States soldiers.
The City Attorney, on petition of the
West of Castro Street Improvement Club,
was authorized to bring action against
Gray Brothers or any other parties who
were responsible for cutting down grades
in the vicinity of Twenty-sixth and Doug
lass streets to a level below the official
grade.
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to set off blasts at First and Bryant
streets.
The following measures were passed to
print:
Miscellaneous Business.
The petition of property owners for the
continuance of Costa street to San Bruno
road by condemning, a right of way
through private property and assessing
the expense of the Improvement to the
district was referred to the Street Com
mittee. «-'¦« r-,1 x. »
The communication from D. E. Glsn &
Co.. submitting supplemental data in the
matter of furnishing San Francisco with
a water supply from the artesian well
belt of Santa Clara County was referred
to the Board of Public Works.
The application of the San Francisco
and Pacific Glass "Works to establish a
spur railroad track to connect its prop
erty nt Fifteenth and Harrison streets
and the Southern Pacific tracks was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
Referred to Committees.
Section 2. Any person violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding five
hundred dollars, or by Imprisonment not ex
ceeding six months, or by both such fine and
Imprisonment.
The bill repealing the ordinance author
izing the Recorder to appoint a mortgage
clerk was indefinitely postponed.
The ordinance prohibiting the main
tenance of fences exceeding twenty feet
In height, except as windbreaks or as in
closures for pleasure grounds, was passed
to print. The ordinance will be In force
until July 1, 1901, when the ten-foot ordi
nance becomes a law.
The ordinance imposing a graduated li
cense on places of business where spiritu
ous, malt or fermented liquors or wines
are furnished. to be drunk on the prem
ises was passed to print. The ordinance
is intended to reach concert halls and un
derground resorts, and does not apply to
restaurants or similar places which are
already taxed by ordinance.
The resolution authorizing Cigarmakers*
Union No. 22S to have a transparency
wagon drawn along the streets to adver
tise the blue label of the union was de
feated, because It is in direct violation of
a section of the ordinance bearing on
freak advertising.
The ordinance proposed by the Board of
Health regulating the occupation of un
healthrul living apartments was referred
to the Hospital Committee.
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son In the city and county of San Francisco
to become an inmate of or visit any house,
premises, room, apartment or place carried on.
conducted or used as a ""poolroom." or bouse,
premises, room or apartment carried on, con
ducted or used as a place for or for the pur
pose of making-, buying- or selling; pools or for
making "books" or pools, or for making beta
or wagers, or for making out. issuing or de
livering "pool tickets," carda, prints, papers
or memoranda showing or Indicating or pur
porting or understood to show or indicate the
character or nature of a pool, or bet. or wager.
pledged, or wagered', or for recording or regis
tering "books." pools, bets or wagers, or for
the receipt, payment or distribution of mo^y
or other articles or things as representatives of
value paid. offered. staked, pledged, bet.
wagered, lost or won on a horse race or on
horse racing:, or on a contest or on contests
of speed between horses, or on a dog race, or
on dog racing, or on a contest or on contests
of speed between dogs, or on a contest or on
At yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Supervisors Comte introduced an ordi
nance intended to suppress poolselllng.
The proposed ordinance reads as follows:
Be it ordained by the people of the city and
county of San Francisco as follows:
Fences May Be Twenty Feet High
Until July 1, 1901— Liquor
License for Concert
Halls Adopted.
Ordinance on the Subject Is
Passed to Print by the
Supervisors.
VALLEY ROAD
MAY GET THE
CHINA BASIN
LAW TO MAKE
VISITS TO POOL
ROOMS ILLEGAL
HEWITT WILL BE
CALLED ON FOR
AN EXPLANATION
Supervisors Adopt Resolu
tion Favoring the
Lease.
Board Passes the Ordinance Granting
Company a Franchise to Operate
Steam Road on Illinois
Street
The ordinance granting the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad
Company the right to operate a steam
road on Illinois street, from Fourth street
across Islais Creek to First avenue South,
was finally passed by the Supervisors yes
terday by unanimous vote. Acting Mayor
Tobin departed from his usual custom of
not voting on measures unless absolutely
necessary by adding his vote in favor of
the franchise. The railroad company is
thus enabled to tap the industrial sec
tions of the city and bid for the immense
freight traffic, over which the Southern
Pacific* Company has exercised an uninter
rupted monopoly for years. There was
no discussion over the ordinance, the de
tails of which have been heretofore pub
lished. The members of the board during
the long discussions in committee and be
fore the full board- freely expressed their
opinions that the franchise will be of in
estimable benefit to the community and
largely add to the city's commercial in
terests.
McCarthy submitted a resolution, which
was adopted, providing that the Board of
Supervisors recommends that the State
i Board of Harbor Commissioners and the
acting Mayor enter into an agreement
with the San Francisco and San.Joaquin
Valley Railroad Company leasing to said
company China Basin, and that tne
changes suggested to the proposed lease
be referred to the acting Mayor for his
consideration. „, j\ A .
The changes, as outlined by McCarthy
after the meeting, include the substitution
of the word "north" for "south in the
clause In the proposed lease which pro
vides that the two hundred-foot strip
around China Basin shall revert to the
city when the State has built 5000 feet ad
joining to the south of the channel.
The clause will then be made to read, ' to
3000 feet on the north side of the channel.
Again the lease is so worded that after
the State Board of Harbor Commissioners
has built wharves or piers the public shall
have free access to them and the collec
tion of tolls is placed absolutely in the
hands of the State collectors. McCarthy
says that the company's representatives
have expressed themselves as being in fa
vor of the proposed amendments to the
lease and the work of improvement will
be prosecuted vigorously under its terms.
McCarthy also submitted a resolution
requesting the Board of Public Works not
to send surveying parties to Investigate
propositions to supply this city and county
with water until further notice from the
Board of Supervisors.
Reed wanted the resolution referred to
the Public Utilities Committee, and as Mc-
Carthy Interposed no objection, It was so
ordered. McCarthy explained that the
legal status of the proposition
should be looked'" into before any
expenditures were made . by the city.
Braunhart said he was opposed to spend
ing any money for an investigation, as
there was already a report on file on Lake
Tahoe. which had been made by Colonel
Mendell In 1875. Braunhart • held
that the people having water to
sell should prove their legal title
and prepare necessary surveys. Reed
said the property could only be ac
quired by condemnation. Valuable rights
would have to be purchased and values
could not be ascertained except by suit.
The city must first determine that it will
take the water and if the surveys should
demonstrate that the water supply wouid
cost more than contemplated the plan
could be abandoned.
' ABERDEEN M1b«., Aug. 13— Homer and
Walter Blttle and Will Larder were killed
at Monroe Prairie in a fight on the public
street, in which J.' S. Lanler and his sons,
George, Will and Jeff, took part.
Three Men Killed.
"When the hearing of Frederick Han
pted's plea for a reduction of ball came up
before Judge Dunne yesterday there was
a large crowd in the courtroom. Lafe
Pence and W. D. Grady represented the
prisoner, and the first named stated to the
court how Hansted had. upon learning
that a charge existed against him, paid
his own way to this city and surrendered
to the police. Under these circumstances,
the counsel said, his client should have
his bond reduced, so that ne could while
Brt liberty further the ends of Justice. The
motion made by Attorney Pence was op-
I'osed by Assistant District Attorney John
T. Greaney, who was unwilling that the
bond be reduced until the prisoner gave
some evidence that he would assist jus
tice. Attorney Greaney suggested that
Hansted appear before tne Grand Jury
forthwith and tell what he knew, and if
he did the District Attorney's office would
not oppose his plea for a reduction of
bail.
Judge Dunne, after listening to the ar
guments on both sides, declared that he
would not take action until he had con
eulted Judge Bahrs. He thought that the
latter had some reason for fixing the
bond at such a high figure. He said that
Judge Bahrs might be In favor of reduc
ing the bond after listening to the state
ment made by counsel, but until he had
seen him he would not take aotlon.
Judge Bahrs returned from the country
yesterday, but Judge Dunne was unable
to 6ee him. He will consult with him this
morning and will probably give a decision.
John M. Chretien will be placed on trial
on September 3. He was up for arraign
ment, before Judge Dunne yesterday. Be
fore he was arraigned Judge Dunne dis
posed of his motion to quash the Indict
ment. Chretien contended that the in
dictment against - him was not founded
on the evidence presented to the Grand
Jury but through tho prejudice of that
body. To refute his contentions Grand
Jurors H. T. Glbbs (secretary), "W. T.
Kibbler. Emil Bower. Edward Loventhnl,
J. C. Lemmer, P. A. Scully. J. H. Brick
well, E. N. Fritz and F. R. Butts were
called to the stand. All testified that they
were not actuated by prejudice but fQund
a true bill against Chretien on the evi
dence. Judge Dunne then denied the mo
tion to set agide the Indictment and or
dered the arraignment of the prisoner.
Chretien pleaded not guilty . to the
charge of obtaining: money by false pre
tenses against him. His case was then
set for trial as stated.
But Judgs Dunne Refuses
to Act.
Counsel Asks for Reduction of Bail,
"YOUNG DUTCHY" FAILS
TO REGAIN HIS LIBERTY
Fire caused excitement for a third time
at the ill-fated Lafayette schoolhousf. on
Telegraph Hill, yesterday morning. Twice
the structure has been afire within two
months, ar.<! just as it was occupied after
the carpenters had repaired the damage
It sustained by the last blaze a smoking
Etove brought on a panic among the
young children, which nearly resulted
fatally for some of them.
The burned rocf has been replaced but
a short time and school opened yesterday.
New sieves had been set up in each of the
rooms and were covered with a combusti
ble substance resembling resin to pro
eerve the iron from rusting. About 19
o'clock jn the morning one of the pupils in
Mips Carroll'*- room lighted a fire, and as
j»;>cn am the surface of the metal became
hot the coating emitted a smoke that filled
the room.
£om* child started the cry of fire, and
the little orK-p. bearing in mind the last
two blazes, did not await the signal for a
fire drill, but rushed pell-mell in the di
rection of the door. All were tiny tots,
and they ptumbU-d over one another in
their efforts to escape. Two firemen who
liavo trf-en in constant attendance at the
brhool Kincc the last fire did all they could
Smoke From Stove Makes Pupils
Think There Is a Third Blazs
and They Rush From
the Building'.
False Alarm Causes a
Scramble at Lafayette
Primary.
FIRE PANIC
IN ILL-FATED
SCHOOL HOUSE
Much excitement was caused In the
neighborhood. The report that a third fire
had occurred in the school building
brought many of the parents to the place,
and the scene was one of general disorder.
Several of the children received slight
wounds. One little girl was bruised about
the face, but, fortunately, no one received
serious injuries. After the fire in the stove
had been put cut the scholars were re
turned to their classrooms and order pre
vailed.
ln assisting the teachers to quiet the chil
dren, but their admonitions were not
headed until the band of little ones was
landed safely in the yard.
The Frazer family returned to Its dis
turbed couches and the neighborhood
chattered about the mystery of the night.
But the police were not satisfied: the Fra-
family, and with a vision of midnight
marauders in his eyes dashed from the
house, down Fillmore street to Fell,
across Fillmore back again to Hayes,
where he was lost to the excited eyes of
the watchers who had been aroused by
the shots. Officer Gleeson made a tour
of inspection in a neighboring lot, went
to the rear of C23 Fillmore street, found
no burglar, and with a feeling of heroism
in his breast returned to his beat.
Detective Crockett went, therefore, to
the house, was told the story, received
the pistol and went his way convinced
that no more serious harm than the shat
tering of the nerves of the neighborhood
and the repeated firing of a pistol meant
certainly made a spectacular entrance in
to Its new home and has given the fra
ternity of burglars a warning.
zer family was strangely reticent and an
other investigation- was made yesterday.
If the extravagant action of an excited,
immature boy, the screams of a woman
ad the repeated firing of a pistol m^ant
nothing: it was to be supposed that the
Frazer family would say so.
These were the unusual Incidents which
moused ar.d alrmcd the neighborhood and
trourht Policeman J. E. Uleeson to the
house. The officer heard the story of the
son. Roland, believed that he heard a
burglar movSr.g in the house. The
Ftranpene?s of their surroundings greatly
alarrK-d the family, and particularly the
son. who. according to the story of his
rrother, jumped from bed, seized a pistol
and fired two blank o.irtridges In the
house. N'ot satisfied that he had fright
ened away the phantom burglar young
Frazer rushed to a window and dis
charged his pistol Into the air.
SCEXE OF THE XIGHT MYSTERY WHICH PUZZLED THE WESTERN ADDITION^
While the officer who patrols Fillmore
ftreet had (submitted a report to Chief of
Police Sullivan. Chief of Detectives Sey
mour determined yesterday to make a
more thorough Investigation, and he de
tilled Detective- Crockett on the case.
Detective Crockett visited the house at
C2Z Fillmore street and after some diffi
culty was admitted. He heard th« story
of the Inmates and is cornrlnced that no
crime was attempted or committed. The
family of a Captain Frazer moved into
the house last Thursday and on Friday
right Mrs. Krazcr. her daughter and her
eon, Roland Frazer, were in the house.
According to the story told by Mrs. Fra
zer to Detective Crockett last night, her
THE police and the residents of the
Western Addition ppent consider
able time rcstextijLjr investigating
the strar.ee events which happened
In the stillness of the night on Friday in
the newly occupied house at C23 Fillmore
street. Suspicions and rumors were afloat.
the tenants of the house from which the
pistol shots had sounded to startle the
neighborhood were stubbornly reticent,
end the figure of the map who had
hastened from the dwelling contributed to
lend an ugly mystery to the whole af-
Icir.
the Nerves of an Ex
cited District.
Detective Crockett Makes
Heroic Efforts to Soothe
"Young Frazer Was
on the Trail of
a Phantom
Thief.
FILLMORE-STREET MYSTERY
IS SOLVED BY THE POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1900.
9
OF INTEREST TO LOCAL TAXPAYERS
GBAPE-NUTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— O? THE—
Pacific Surety
COMPANY
OP BAN FRANCISCO. IX THE STATE OB^
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance. Commissioner
Of th« State of California, pursuant to thr»
provisions of S-Vrtlcns (10 and (IX Of th» Po-
litical Code, condensed A3 per blank furnished'
by tho Commissioner.
CAITTAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid ttp ta
Cash 420,000-00,
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company «. 14.500 03
Loans en Bonds and Mortgage* lSl.Tll 4a
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company M4S3 10
Cash in Company's Office 415 43
Cash tn Banks B.2S7 la
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,337 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 970 04
Premiums in due Cour»e of Collection. 4.S43 73
Cash deposited In Savings Banks 73.345 S3
Total Assf ts. • **>«#, io-» ai
LIABILITIES.
Gross premiums on Risks runnlr.tr en*
year or less. J : reinsurance SO
Gross premiums'" on Risks runnlne
more than one year. $ : reinsur-
ance pro rata.. ......................... S.020 83
Taxes due and to become due 1.200 M
Total Liabilities rn.iu «
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums J33.137 TO
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages U.473 a
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources S.077 ¥1
Received from all other sources 2.K3 95
Total Income C2.107 i$
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing } lo«s«s of previous years). J3,I» H
Dividends to Stockholders 14, K0 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2.804 XI
Paid for Salaries. Fe^s. and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11.SC3 CO
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes J.K3 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.9C3 n
Total Expenditures US.510 S3
LOSSES incurred durins the year $4,102 tX
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12Ui
day of January. 13C0. M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Paid-up Capita! and Reserve - $313,000.00
Gt&riatce and Casualty.
Bonds of Sttrst7ship.
Sta&m Boiler aad Plata GI&33 Luaraaeo.
HEAD OFFICE— 326 MootgoroerY Street
Brains Rule
the world
GRAPE=NUTS
f*:od makes Brains
Try it...
Sold by all grocersTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.Ight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-::- Montgomery etreet,
comer C!a.y; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Sf-0 Haye* etreet: cpen ur.tM 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:39 P. m.
JS41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
Ii£J Mission etreet. ccrr.er Sixteenth; cpen
until i r>. m.
:06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. »
:006 Valencia etreet; cr>en until 9 r *n. __
Xorthwtt corner Twenty-teccr>3 and Ken-
tucky streets: cpen until 9 p. tn.
MEETING SOTICES.
t ti i . r _ . _ ni^^
THE members of the Pzst Mas- /jv
ters' Association. F. and A. M.. IS*
ure re<juenej to attend th» " BrO^
runcral of late brother. W1L- Jw.^k
LI AM AARON DOUD. Past #_&^"
Matter of Hxcelstor Lo(!ce No. ffT^^Vl
166. TO-DAY (TUESDAY). Au- /T_*/f\
gTjrt 14. l'-«o. at Masonic Tfm- rJL**?^*--^
Tie, at 1 :20 p. -». Kjr order **-S_i3kVT
cf the President. '****¦
PKTER T. BARCLAY. 0om.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S, R. A. M.. •
¦will meet THIS CTCESDAY) EVEX-^A
ING. Awr. 14. at T:30 o'clock. R. A. >f Jf
degree. By crrter of the H. P. /xf>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secy.
GOLDIZN Gate L^dge No. SO. F. & A. •
M., caJleS meeting; this evening at _,^^
T:SO o'clock. Master Mason* cordially >S5f
invited. By order of W. M. /V\
EDWIN L. MEVF.R. Secretary.
ORIEXTAL Lcdire No. 144. F. and A. M. c
Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) __%,
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. '$_ ji
A. S. Hl'BBARD. Secy. /V^
IXKCELFIOR Lodpe No. 166. F. and A. fi
M.— Special meeting TUESDAY. Au- ._#%_
cust 14. at l:S0 o'clock p. in., for the 1C_a
purpose of conducting the funeral of 'V'
our late brother. PAST MASTER WM. A.
DOUD. Friends are respectfully invited. By
order of the rr.aster.
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. ?9. I. O. O. .jsR^atfteT
F.— Initiation THIS (TrKSKAVj _^*-«b_i
EVENING. Please attend.
J. T. JONES. Noble Grand.
FAMVEL. POLACK. Secy.
ETANFORD Parlor No. _^<-k--j > .^
I.-rrs fin'! members are _^En{»y'rif|5K)^ral
r«*.; u.^sted to attend the wS*&jy yTjifel
funeral of our late jbS&.-.Z'.jI "¦ Bragg J
brother. WILLIAM A. —&r^J\ Ji/ra
IX)L*D.TO-DAY(TUES- JBr ***^* **
PAY), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery ets. By
onier.
WM. F. HUMPHREY. Preslient.
FRED H. JUNO. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pajctfle Undertakers will be held at No. 777
Mission St.. Han Francisco. Cal.. THURS-
DAY. Aupurt 23. 1900, at 8 o'clock p. m.. for
the election of director* for the ensuing term
end also to consider an amendment to the
by-laws reducing the number of directors
from S to 7. and the transaction of such oth?r
business as may ••ome before the meeting.
Transfer book? will close Monday. August
20. 1900, «t 4 o'clock p. m. By order of the
board cf director*.
M. C. GOP.HAM. Secretary.
ACESTS WASTED.
$1SOC CAN be made during campaign season
celling our campaign ties; greatest sellers
ever Introduced: territory jjcins: write inraie-
rfiately: full line white and fancy rubber col-
lars; enclose stamp. Dept. C M. A: M. Mfg.
Co., Fiprir.cfleld, Maps.
AGENTS of ability and experience In Mfe Insur-
ance. Call at room 101. 9H7 Market, cor.- Sixth.
roi'R pood canvassers or agenti wanted at
TO1 Fillmcre ft.
WE handle npvif.«i novelties for apents. PA-
CIFIC AGKNTS' SUPPLY CO.. 14S1 1<th fct.
ASTROLOGY.
II?.: r H1CKEY. astroloKist; pet your horoscope
with full explanation of your future. 50c; card
reading and pairniFtry. T5c. 19S3 Mission st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. VT. KING, attorney at Ian. V2~ Market St..
room. C27; ettatey. damages, attachments,
l>ar.kn:ptey, collections; all case?; fair fees,
r.o advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: dKcrce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. K.0 Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce law, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgoraery-
JVJ>VICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 3-7 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Err.rna Fpreckels bids.. 92T Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fe<6 In advance.
CTSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
St.. r. KD; open eve.. 7-S; consultation free.
Al'TOMODILES.
AUTOMOBILKS — TOED WARD & SON.
Afents. 4£ Kremont rt.
PATH CABIXKTS.
ROBINSON K. 4-pcne! fnldinp; door opens; firm
and aafe. \y. s. KHOWN. gen, agt.. 4IS Ellis.
BELCIA\ HARES.
IXJRD FASHCDA CHIEF and Ladj^ Lumb.
first prize In Erjrlard. at S14 Golden Gale ave-
COAHDIM; FOR CHILDREN'.
yOMAX would like children to board. Ad-
drese i!7 Wilton rt.
3IEALTHY young woman to take a child to
ffeaijrfc- at hwn.e. 1M Hickory ave. .
BrSIXESS CHANCES.
A — JI500: DAIUY. produce and delicacy store
with tnl!k route; 4 horses, 2 wagons, 1 buggy,
8 seta harness, cream separator, etc. ; rent
125; business clear! i.g fir- 1 ) per month. Call R,
O. %YILKE, 234 Kearny st.
A— JSOO; CORNER sroeer> and bar; one block
south of Market and Fifth sts.: rent $45; a
pood corcer: all cash trade, mostly tn bar.
Call R. G. WILKE. ?6H Kearny Et.
¦JL~ S450; RESTAURANT, with ten furnished
roomc ; 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 50;
the place clears 1125 per aoath. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2Cvt Kearny tU
Jl.— S7J0; SALOON, with pool table; close to
C&ll bldg:.; rent % r .Z; a eplecdld location and
pood {>ay!ng business. Call R. O. WILKE,
26H Kearny ft.
iA— JjOP; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
rncda: rent ?!•: dally receipts J1I; business es-
tabl. S years. Call II. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
.A— 1:00; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front: rent J1S; bargain. B. G. WILKE.
26^4 Kearny et.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
l>est location; close to Chronicle building. See
II. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
$1000— SALOON near Market t-t. : bar-pain, go-
ing Ea?t cause of Bale. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. '7774 Market st.
$500— CORNER gnjeery and bar: bargain: going
East cause of eale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777«£ Market rt.
IKi-SALOON; departure cause of sale. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market Bt.
A— J10OO: CANDY and ice cream parlors, with
factory; In the t>e«t location north of Market;
fine fixtures; pood bu?in<"rs.' clearing J100
monthly. LANE & CO.. MS Market et.
A FINE fccrg-aln for man with 12000 to J20O0
to Invest in a laundry r^ant floinp a tliOO
business i*t month. Call on MARION
GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1.
4.— Jl^: LODGING-HOUSE. 9 rms; centrally lo-
cated; all rms. rented: owner roust sell, leav-
lr.C State. BTKNBERO CO.. S2i Market Bt.
|"750--COltNEH grocery; established for years;
fresh rtock: location one cf the best Jn the
city. ADfcly J. W. Z.. 221 Oak «.
BQARBING-nOl'SE. tZ rooms: larse dtninB-
rorm nnd kiuher. : complete. "OUR HOUSE "
ES8 Illinois St.. I'ctrero.
FOR BALE— Blacksmith-shop; Point Reyes
station, Marin County. Cal.
PARTNER ri-ith *C00 in optical business; money
no object; receir"-" from $600 to $1000 per
month: n:ust be a frraduato optician. Box
22C1. Call offlee.
BAIXXJN for faie, opjjoslte ferry. . . Apply 111
Bast rt.. north of Market; no agents.
BAKERY, notions, <*ipar* and laundry; present
owner th«-re 6 years. tO7 Third «t.
FINE bakery and restaurant; established trade;
for sale at reasonable price; Belling account
of illness. 714 Valencia 6t.
COK sale — Hatcher business, near city: must
•wll at <-nce. Address P. O. box IS. South San
Vrancisco. Ran Mateo County, Cal.
FOR f-ale— A barsrain: a email milk buslnee*:
complete. Apply 1L ELANKEN. Six-Mile
House. San Bruno road.
BOARDING-HOUSE. 26 roomn. north of Mcr-
ket: a bargain. EMERY & SMITH, i Eddy.
U'ANTED — Good cigar stand north of Market
et. Address box 1C&5. Call of3e».
DLI) ottabliEhed saloon en East tt. for Bale at
once. Call 23 East Et.
:>LD ana beFt •establit-hsd delicacy Btore In city.
Box VMS. Call offitr.
TOR eale— Steam beer brewery with saloon and
bottling works attached; everything tn best
¦working :/rder. Address City Brewery, Santa
Barbara. Cal.
BUSlS ESS CHANCES—- CONTINUED.
FOR eale— T1C00 will buy a small steam laun-
dry in a country town In California. Address
box 221S. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ealoon and cafe doing good bust-
ners; good location; reason of sale other busi-
ness; fullest investigation allowed: will take
part trade. Address box S277. Call office.
TO BENT— For coal yard, m'.lk depot, etc. ; fine
locatU-n; place is entirely covered; contains 3
utalls: rer.l only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
_HEN PK1CKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
ATTENTION, "shoemakers!— Fine store to open
Bhoe business in rapidly growing neighbor-
hood : no opposition; fixtures. In; 4 rooms. Cor.
Third ave. and Clement: Sutro cars pass door.
COt'FUE end tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1036 Va-
lenela st. .
I.ODGING-HOISES FOR SALE.
26 ROOMS; fine corner; clears $200 $1700
50-rocm house; clears iivi 2500
1G rooms; tine corner; clears $100 1*XK>
12 rooms en Post St.: half i>ayments f>50
S0-room boarding-house 2200
40-roora house, on Powell st 2500 1
10- room; new; elegant furniture r-so |
21-room; clears $150 l-5 ft j
IS-rOOtn boanlir.K-lK.use; full 1300
S-room flat: downtown 400
24 rooms: fine corn?r: clears 1200 :... 2600 I
110-room hou?e; in j-avments to suit 4500
HOUSES FROM 2 TO 200 ROOMS, FROM $150
TO S10.000.
_ DECKER, 1020 Market st.. phone Mint y?6.
A BIG bargain ; partly furnished comer.
rists. 6, 7, S. 9 rooms. $350. *400 to $2J>0
14 r.. part caMi; rent $45; full; pays well 450
S3 r. (hotel): 5-yr. leate; income JSOO mo.. 160)
35 r.; cor.; ront J&o; income $220 3100
44 r.; oak; clean; ben ton: money, maker;
low rent; part cash; low interest; fine lo-
cution 3000
62 ro^rm= ; $2000. $2500, J3S0O and 7000
Long list; pleaso call. M. GRIFFIN, 713 Mar-
ket, nr. Call bide.; room 1; tel. Black 1803.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; frood locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; mor.ey loaned; to buy or seii your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWHINHARD & CO., 911
Market St.. above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-rwm house; $300 down, balance easy.. 500
iO-room house; first-class 1050
j 30-room house; all newly furnished 3100
. 11-room houw. 1475. 6-room flat 32:- ,
j FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st. j
i TWO mortsaged houses. 44 and 4S r.toms: will
I eell for liule over mortgages. C. D. DAVIS,
1 room 69, 916 Market st.
! >ROOM. Eddy pt.. 1X0; IS rooms. O'Farrell St..
1 J5C0. C. L». DAVIS, room 6>, 916 Market Et.
! ROOMING house of 44 rooms: north of Market;
i beist jiaving- house in city. EMERY & SMITH,
I 3 Eddy st. *
' TRANSIENT house of 34 rooms; fine location;
• must sell. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy et.
! R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 102C Market st. I
! 15 rooms: jr.9 cash: bal. $10 monthly $425
34 rooms; corner: rent $70; only 1200
W rooms; rent $10-}; corner 28D0
TOR pale— Account of sickness. furnlMied house
of 1<1 rooms; house full; price $1CO. Call at
762 Howard rt. : no agents.
WELL- FURNISHED house of CO rooms close to
j the theaters; all sunny ronms; leas?: electric
I elevator: clearing $150 to $200 mo.; for cash or
j ¦will take tmaller house in part payment.
I Box S27S. CaM office.
J FOR Eale account of sickness— Newly furnished
j 9-room house; 5 Fteady roomers; pays rent;
i price $000. Call at 1212 Howard st. : no agents.
! WILL pay rash for lodcing-house: 13 to 40
i rooms: must be a bargain. I5ox 1951. Call.
CAIIRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
J RiK sale cheap— A Rood phaeton; adapted for
family or country use. Devlsadero-st. btable.
S34 Bevlsadero et.
WAGON for sale. ?14 Mission st.
j ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
j FOR sale — Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
; Z1EL. Vet. Dentist. U0j Golden Gate ave.
1 AN A No. 1 express wacon. Fingle. also light j
I camping wagon, for 6ale cheap. 532 Mission.
. ¦ — — — — — —^— — — — — . — — t
j NEW & 2J-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- J
) ness, work & driving horses. 13th & Valencia, j
CAMPAIGN PHOTO niTTONS.
MF'Y of all kinds cf photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
• CARPET DEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send tc SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-257 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
I J. McQCEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
j 4^3 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
¦ J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
| vating Cc, 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
j CITY .Steam Carpet-Beatine Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, mjrr.. 28-40 8th St.; tel. South 2S0.
j CAI4PETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
1 BTRATTON'8. 3 Eighth St.; tPl. Jessie 314.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO WALCOM, proprietor.
j CONKLINS Carpet-Beating Works, 233 Golden
i Gate ave; telephone East 126.
I ———————————
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 1306 Larkin
Et. ; apply 1318 Larkin.
COTTAGE of & eunny rooms, basement. $11.
127'i Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
GROVE, 720H — 4 large sunny rooms, gas, bath;
separate yard and garden.
j SUNNY cottage, 212H Perry et. : rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN Sc CO.. 14 Mont-
I somery £t.
I 3 ROOMS; «; 237 Sunnyslde ave., or will sell
I $50 -cash. 110 per month. THE MCCARTHY
j 1 CO.. £46 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world -renowned
spiritual medium; ad\-lce in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separ-
ated; mining a specialty; cir.". Sun., Wed.,
Fri. eve's; come and be convinced. (Perm.)
SIS Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison, 85$ Mis-
sion; readings daily; 25c. 50c and $1; circle
Tues., Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
PKNEFTT to-nisht for Mrs. Henderson. 12JS
Howard st.; Mrs. Maxwell, Harrison, Lester.
j Mr. Willssn.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nipht, 8; convincing
I test; Mrs. Maxwell. 123S Howard; read, daily.
I MRS. LESTER, circle this evening, 8 o'clock:
j 10c: sittings daily, 50c. 127 Turk Bt.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. ?
j p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. S3: admission 10c
MME. YOUNG. 603 McAllister: convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night; 10c.
GO to WATSON, "only" original "gypsy palm-
ist and medium." 10S1 Market st.. nr. 12th.
MRS; J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, lite reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
MRS. RENNER, 128 Fern ave., bet. Suiter and
Bush, nr. Polk; planet reader; ladies only 25c.
j MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 _
I S p. m.; Kic; sittings daily; G. $1; L. .Vic.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall, C35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
I MRS. STODDARD. wonderful spirit messages:
Tues. and Thurs.. S p. m. ; 10c. I7S Ninth tt.
CL A I It VO YA NTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & e'econd sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladies DOc;
pents V: palm & clalr. nit. $150. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: pastT I
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
942 MlEKlon; ladies. 25c; gents. 50c; Frawley.
MME. XEREDA. the gypsy, la the. great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted overdue titmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
WHO to marry: how to win him (her), 25c. L.
_ DIERSSEN. mind culture,- 5 Seventh St.. S. F.
MISS MELVILLE, great /clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S21',| Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c 1140 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212«4 sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
adviee: names given; 25c up. E Fourth Bt.
MME EYHILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLJKCTIoy OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY^Age^c^No charge uni
lets successful. Room 310. 9i7 Market it.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platc» our specialty; gold crowns,
13 £0 up; plates, extractions free. (4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 3 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., . Manager.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has ' returned from
. the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
• patents for painless dentistry, plates,- teeth
without a plate, crown : and bridgeworkj all
work warranted; plates,' full set. 55; fillings,
50c; crown.?3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors,24 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full tet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2ac.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. ,
EIGHT' prices for best crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no' students; advice free; prices
cheapest and a-uaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE. W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreil st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old p'.ates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk St. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 naz-os. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IJOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $150; All
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West gi«.
DR. CREELY'PC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
pnKgSMAKBRS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking: and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION, pll-a ting factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary St.. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern rut to measure.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market at. : life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
"0 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan cr any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Actinic,
310-312 OFarrell st.
BOOKKKEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lesson:
from an experienced teacher. M. AV. COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college rot equal to 8 wks. with me;
• $25. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123< Market Et.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S*>4.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
FREE-Shorthand, bookkeeping, English
branches, etc. For particulars npply after-
noons, i!007 Fillmore St., near Pine.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.; founded 1SG3; SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsjc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEl'XE Art and Craft School: modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 P!ne st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPUEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 80KV6 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411«4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation, general house-
work and plain cooking; wages from $15 to
$20. Pleaie call at 1114 Steiner st.. from 12
until B o'clock.
A GIRL wishes position to do general house-
Work. Call at 53S',4 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED woman wants housework and
care of children. 130 Second st.
SITUATION wanted by a good cook In a pri-
vates family and is willing to assist in light
housework. 766 Folsom st. '.-
A DANISH K'.rl wishes position as nurse for 3
or 4 year old child or chambermaid in private
family. Address Danish, 2723 Twenty-second
EXPERIENCED governess and lady's compan-
ion: will lake full charge of children .or. in-
valid; references. Box 1504. Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl v/ishes a place in small
family; good cook; $20 or $25. Address 153
Lexington ave. .-.':-
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a position for
general housework and plain cooking. In-
quire H14 Lyon St., near Sutter.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to care
for Invalid or elderly lady; can give excel-
I^nt. rci prence f fotyi p>i"T?ppnt driploycr.
dress box 1902. Call office.
YOUNG woman would like to do upstairs work
and take care of child. Address R. CLODIUS.
117 Wilton st.
AN experienced laundress and house cleaner
wishes work by day; no board. 213 Minna
St.; postals answered.
AN American woman wishes work by day; is
flrst-class washer and ironer and house-
rleaner: $1 per day and car fare. Box 1620,
Call office.
GERMAN woman wants a place In lunch-
house, restaurant or boarding-house as wait-
ress or assist In kitchen, from 9 to 3. Please
call or addrws 261 First, nr. Folsom, upstairs.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes a place
as working housekeeper: good cook and
baker: or would take care of Invalid. Address
Bll Minna M., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
Ing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply 212 Clara
st., rear.
YOUNG, strong woman wants work by the
day cleaning offices or any kind of work. M.,
S24 Washington St., near Powell.
A— WOMAN with a child wishes work In city
or country; work for small wages. 113 Fifth
t-t.. room 15.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; city or
country. 206 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG lady would like a good home In
country: will assist in light housework; no
washinp; state wages. Address box 2009, Call
office, Oakland.
WOMAN wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call at 116 Sixth St., room 1.
_V1NCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kte: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 SO night; $1 SO to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
DRY goods or otherwise — Anglo-American, age
S.",, wishing to make a change within the next
two months and go West, is open for re-
sponsible, trustworthy position In California;
20 years' good general experience in dry
goods, with practical knowledge of nearly all
. departments, or would undertake, with strict
integrity, the management of anything re-
liable, from a store to an estate; very fond,
of horticulture and domestic animals; 15
years excellent references, both American
and English. E. THOMAS, 352 Warren St.,
Bridgeport, Conn.
CARPENTER, good workman, single, middle-
aged, active, sober, wants work by the week
or month; would go on ranch or vineyard; is
also a good house painter; moderate wages.
Address box 13S9. Call office.
WANTED— Situation by first-class steamboat
cook; young man. Box 1950, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as watchman or JanUor;
good reference. Address box 1906, Calh ofnee.
MARRIED man (German, 48) wishes a
position; is very handy with tools and not
afraid of hard work: would like to work In
a warehouse or wholesale house. Please ad-
dreRS or call, FRANK GUTTNER. S34 Ellis.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-claas sash and
door cutter and planerman; steady and sober;
Just came from the North. Box 1621. Call
A — RELIABLE young- Japanese school . boy
wishes a situation to do housework in family.
Addrass N. SATON. 504 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE good cook "wants position to flo
cooking and wait on table In city or country.
UBHIYAMAN. 664 Stevenson st.
SITUATION— German, Ph.' D. (Lclpslc). 23 y.;
unmarried; strictly temper.; English, French,
Russian, Latin; piano, organ; scientific; li-
brary; i translation ,and " tuition '.work; ;=• late
. teexher Tokio, , Japan. Government College of
Lafl^uages; with attests and references;
'wants any suitable position. :' 278 Ninth st. • .
SITUATION wanted by flnst-class restaurant
! -cook. Box 1315, Call office.
ififaiiiiiiriir -fln mi _ « fcn _*i 111 l_1_W__nin!-t-YiM >
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—M ALE.
SPANISH and ¦ English correspondent, : stenog-
' rapher, ¦ translator, -- Interpreter, desires posi-
tion; 2 years', experience; references. Address
1021 Sutter; st. ...
MAN (35) would like to have some kind of
work from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. dally. Address
box 19S4. Call office.
NIGHT .watchman, with, best references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANN.
127 Turk st. . , .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦
/ ' EXCHANGE.
TO exchange for Oakland or Alameda Improved
property, a home place in Santa Cruz: house
of 6 rooms, large lot. barn, room for two
horses, hay and carriage: no incumbrance;
value {3000. Box 4603. Call office.
EXPERT OrTICIAXS. l
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manage, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
'- F1XAXCIAL.
IF von have stocks or .bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PEKWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
CLEMENTINA. 435, near^SlxVh— Bay-window
Hat of 5 rooms, bath and gas.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat. 6 rooms and bath.
46C0 Eighteenth St.. west of Castro.
ELGIN PARK, 36, above Valencia St., near
Thirteenth— 4 sunny rooms; partly furnished
FINE flat, 7 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 625 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath: rent $12.
716 Xatoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 4 large rooms; rent $11. SB Dearborn
st.. oft Seventeenth, near Valencia.
HAIGHT, 455, near Fillmore— Flat of 6 sunny
rooms; modern improvements; yard and base-
ment.
HYDE. 717. bet. Post and Sutter— A beautiful
sunny flat, 4 rooms, bath; desirable location;
modern Improvements; elegantly fitted.
IF you want to move get printed list Hats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
$lii — NEW C-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free: S74S Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO.
W. II. PATTERSON & CO., 17C6 Market st.
FJLATii TO LET FUR.MSHEU.
SECOND, 523— Two nice sunny rear flats, 3 and
4 rooms; rent SS and $10; bath, yard.
j Fl'IlXITCKE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, bedding, etc., of 3 rooms, for
sale cheap. S16 Division Bt.. below Folsom,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth; call
after 5:30 p. m. or Sundays.
$35 — THE furniture of 3 rooms; complete, for
housekeeping; rent $8. 217B Perry st. ;','.,
4 ROOMS^furnlshed in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
furniture: wanted;
$35— THE furniture of 3 rooms; complete for
housekeeping; rent $8. 217B Perry St.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin ;tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bouEM. spot cash.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. SilverMein, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays (
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Oate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
A— WOMAN with a child; ranch; ?20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— GERMAN Fecond girl and sew, $20; German
or French second girl, Oakland. $25: German
nurseRlrl. $20; 6 second girls, city. $20 and $25;
second girl, Santa Clara, $20; chambermaid,
$15; second girl, Grass Valley. $20. MISS
CL'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— LAUNDRESS.Santa Cruz. $30. MISS CUL-
LKN. 325 Sutter Et.
A— FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress,
private family, ?25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St.
A — COOK, boardlns-hcuse, Sacramento: $1 50
per day; fare here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ,
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
16 waitresses, first class country hotels, $20
and $25; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $7; ¦ lunch waitresses, 50c; din-
ner waitress, 50c: 3 chambermaids, to wait,
$20; 2 chambermaids, $15; 2 fancy ironers,
$1 50 a day, free fare.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ~.
Woman with a child, see party ¦ here, $20;
houseglrl. Modesto. $20, see party here at
10:30; housegirl and nursegirl, small Ameri-
can familj\ city: housegirl to assist with
children, $15, $20; 2 cooks, city, $30; cook,
ranch, see party here; GO houseprirls, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
* * 104 Geary street.
WAXTED — 3 cooks, Jrivate families. $35: laun-
dress. $30; plain ironer, hotel, $25; German
nurse, $25; 15 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country hotels. $20 and $25; German
nurse for Los Angeles. $25, and a large num-
ber of Birls for general housework in city, and
country^ too numerous to ad\-ertlse. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter St.
COOK. $30; second girl. $25. game house, Ger-
man preferred. MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth
St., Oakland.
YOUNG girl for cooking and general housework
in flat. 426 Scott st.
WANTED —^Vgirl for housework and plain
cooking; good wages if suitable. 2414 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on 'shirts at GREENE-
liAUM. .WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission St.
WANTED— Errand girl; one who understands
sewlr.g at ladles' tailoring. M. FEDER, 211
. Post st. >
WANTED— GIRL for .housework email family;
$10 to $12 a month. k'.6 Bryant st.
GIRLS for 1 dressmaking; also apprentices.
Room 43. 121 Post st.
FII.ST-CLASS finisher on pants wanted. 410
Kearny St., room 32, second floor.
UNENCUMBERED woman for housekeeper In
widower's family; 3 children. Call 706 Ellis.
"XOONG girl to assist In housework at 117
Bnrtlett st.
A — WORKING housekeeper by a widower with
one child. 6% years old; salary $20 per month;
no washing. Apply box 1617, Call office.
GIRL with or without experience wanted to
work in book bindery. The MYSELL-ROL-
LINS CO.. 22 Clay st. '
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest, wages p«ld at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streets.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted at 1539 Mission st.
GIRL fcr light housework and plain cooking;
wages $15. 1130 McAllister 8t.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home; good wages. 1616A Turl: st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. Apply 40 Ellis st., room 52.
GIRL wanted for a bakery. IPS' Ninth at.
FINISHERS on fine coats. 118 Russ St.
GIRL to assist In general housework; wages
$15; evenings off. 1920 Sutter Et.
GIRL to work on coats; steady work. ~449
Minna st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. 32S
Eddy st. . ,
FIRST class finishers on pants. 858 Howard,
bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court.
RESPONSIBLE middle-aged woman for light
housework : wages. $10. Call 308 Page st.
RENT free; 2 sunny unfurnished rooms/ good
. location, to a couple or woman ' with home
employment, with reference; exchange for 1
hour 3 work dally. Box 1948. Call office.
YOUNG girl to awlst in care old lady Tnd help
In housework: $15. Call 2 to 5 at 1706. Broad-
' way.
LADY solicitors wanted: a new thing: pays
well; no experience necessary- Write box
194 J, Call office.-
YOUNG girl, speaking German, competent to
take charge of a one-year-old baby, can find
desirable and lasting employment at 1302 Post.
COUNTRY hotel : 1 waitress and a ; girl . to ¦ do
laundry work; fare paid. See proprietor for 2
days at 3035 Twenty-third St.. tele. Capp- 994.
'•WANTED— An active woman as representative
for _ wholesale house on the road. Box 1997.
¦- Call office. ;
2 GOOD experienced vest makers at 8V4 Antonio
: ¦ at., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell/ off Jones. •-—.'/
GIRL for general housework and cooking.*, Ap-
ply at 3320 Twenty-second St.,, near Valencia.
YOtNG girl to assist , with light housework;
, "tvages-JlO.^ 200s > Pine st. ' ' "' S_ffii«Sff.
HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
WOMEN and ffirls wanted to face dried fruit
work dow at Terminal Warehouse, 632 Town-
send st. : ..
FIRST-CLASS help wanted on coats: should be
a grood button-hole, maker. 1170 Market St.,
¦': room 78, Donohoe building.
"WANTED— Good finishers on pants; steady
work. 40 Ellis Et.. room SO.
WANTED— Girl for light housekeeping; no
washing; wages '$10. 3S21 Army St., bet.
Dolores and Church. •¦¦--. - ' -
GIRL to; assist In general housework; small
, family. . 426 Lyon st. : ':':..--:.
WANTED— Girls to shell walnuts. Apply 123
' Clcy st,..* upstairs, bet. 8 nnd 10.
GOOD hand on vests: button-holes. Room 91.
St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy st. -
WANTED— A eirl to assist in general house-
work: German preferred. 1504 Ellis st.
WAXTED — A flrst-class cock: German pre-
ferred; city: references. Call between 9 and
12 a. m., 1102 Van Ness ave. ¦
WANTED— A gootl cook tn do down stairs
work: wanes $25. lfiC'l Post. ,
GIRL «*or general he usewjrk. 1527 Octavia
street. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists.
Han Francisco Mfg. Co.. 405A Turk st.
A— NEAT girl to assist with housework In a
family of adults. 83S Guerrero st.
WANTED— Girl for housework; good home.
2022 Fillmore St.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of baby
and assist in light housework; good home.
1S07& Devisadero st. ¦
GIRL Ir. Jewish family for general housework.
Apply 522 Golden Gate ave. i
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 1170 Market st.,
room 26.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners" Associa-
tion, Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry. .
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Californian Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO."S factory, S?Vi Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. ,
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS wanted Apply bookblndery. B36 Clay
Etreet.
WAITRESS wanted. 515^ Valencia st. ; $18 a
month and roorn^
GIRL to attend office; wages $3 per week.
Standard Laundry Office, 114 Hayes st.
GENERAL lroner wanted. Standard Laundry.
114 Hayes st. • ¦
WANTED— Girl to do plain cooking; wages $20.
221k Central ave. ? c'">
WANTED— A flrst-class button-hole maker;
steady work. 40 Ellis St.. rooms 41-42.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents', white
shirts; steady work good hands. 535 Valencia.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market St. • -
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market gt.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otnee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. . '
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A— TWO teamsters, country; $23 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A WAITER: Vallejo restaurant; ; $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . .
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
«V teamstere, Nevada $2 a day
lOOx-amsters. Bakersfield $2 a day
200 teVmsters, Coast road *2 a day
1C0 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee Jl Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road. $2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
50 woodsmen. $35 to $»5; 20 laborers for rail-
road in woods. $20 and board, see boss here;
10 swampers for woods, $30 and board, fare
advanced; 10 men to handle grain, 25 cents
an hour; 6 miners, $2 50 a day; stablemen,
blacksmiths, gardeners, harnessmakers and
others: assistant bookkeeper and timekeeper
for orchard. $30 to $35 and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper, country, $75; 3 bakers, country.
$15, $40 and $12 a week; second cook, mine
boarding house, $15; German butcher,
country. $35: second cook, restaurant. $G0:
fry cook, restaurant. $45; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, city and country, $2?> to $30;
6 waiters, hotels and restaurants, $25 and
S30. '
Extra lroner. hotel laundry, country. $1 50 to
$2 a day and found, free fare: 6 ironers. $30.
Sl\ and $2 50 a day; marker and distributor,
$50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A — 6 colored waiters, $25; 2 colored bell boys,
$15. for hotel north, fares advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 teamsters for ranch near city,
steady Job. $30: chore man and milk 10 cows.
$30; 2 chore men for ranches. $25 each; vege-
table gardener. $25; blacksmith helper on
vineyard, $35; teamsters for city and Oak-
land, {2 day; 4 coal miners, $2 50 a day, and
4 laborers. $2 a day and fare advanced, see
boss here to-day; washer for stable, $35: 50
railroad laborers, $2 a day and fare; hostler,
" country stable. $30; warehouse men, $2 50 a
day and free fare. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
. Clay «t.
WANTED— ~~
Second cook, restaurant, city, $60; fry
cook, nice place, city, $50; second lunch
counter man. $35: cook for boat. $40; cook
for 15 men on vineyard. $30; kitchen porter.
$25; dishwasher, coffee, house, $25: waiter,
country hotel. $30 and fare advanced. W. D.
EWEH & CO.. 610 Clay st.
RESTAURANT cook. $20 week : Restaurant
second cook, $60; restaurant cook and wife
for country. $60 and found; cook for mill
hands, $10 and found: hotel and restaurant
waiters; $25 and $30: dishwashers, porters and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. C2S Sac-
ramento st.
MAN and wife, private family, $50; 2 farmers
and wives. $45; 4 farmers. $20 and $25; chore
man, $20 and $25: and 3 fruit pickers. $1 a
day. J. F. CROSET AGENCY, 62S Sacra-
mento Et.
PLANER man, $3 day; screw turner. $45 to $50:
marker and distributor for laundry, $14
week; blacksmiths, miners, muckers and
other mechanics. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
628 Sacramento st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and timekeeper for
country. $ ; >0 nnd found. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 152.
WANTED— A first class cutter. Apply Box
1907. Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted at 1170 Market St..
room 30.
IRON worker and vise hand to work in shop;
steady job. Apply S14 Kearney st.
WANTED— Teamster . who is familiar with
driving two horses and is capable of taking
charge of stable and other teams; give refer-
ences. Box 1303, Call office.
WANTED— Bed maker. Dewcy House, 32 East
street.
BOY wanted for drug store: give age. Box
4S06,:Call office.
A FIRST class cook for restaurant and lunch
counter for small town. tn Nevada; no bak-
ing; wages $50 per month to begin. Ad-
' dress Box . 111. Call office.
GOOD barber; steady Job. 725 Fourth. St., San
Rafael ; tel. , Red 15.
WANTED— A neat boy for merchant tailor,
. with experience and reference. Apply 213
O'Farrell. , ' V.
FIRST class barber wanted. 3410 Mission St.,
near Thirtieth.
A BOY to give out bills; 10 or 11 years of axeVi
give references.- Address Box 1619, Call office.
YOUNG MAN for butcher shop; no experience
necessary. Call at 1103 Leavenworth st. •
WANTED — Good second cook: also a: kitchen
helper.' \ V. S. , Restaurant. 123 Eddy st.
WAITER :. wanted: must carry trays and do
.porter, work. 37 Eddy st. '
GOOD -barber wanted; steady. 1724 Market
, Btreet.'?SBAafiMM_HH8flHM_— ¦ _HH1 H
ALL sizes men's shoes, ¦ slightly damaged,* half
. price. - 662 Mission st.. bet.'- 1st and 2d sts.
PLUMBER wanted; union . man only. - 440
Broadway.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
¦ — ¦-.,¦¦. ..¦¦¦. ,..:; ".'¦*.'.. . ' _b* '¦->»¦¦•-
A— MURRAY & READY.... .^aW'hone Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want at 7 a. m. to-day
...We Ship Free ••••••
7469 men for all parts of California, Ltah.
Washington, Arizona. Oregonr Colorado. Kel
vada. BrIUsh Columbia and Hawaiian Island*
-. .Free Fare and Office Fee Only $1
And no other expenses to Keno iXev.) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santa Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City dlstriqt.Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district..', Newman district
Dunsmulr district.../ Bakersfield district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district.... ....Surf district
..Special to Shasta. County district 1
Redding Delta ....Duiwmulr [
and other points .' good wages!
and other places; we ship free free!
......COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamstert, laborers, drillers, hammermen. 1
quarrym*n. spikers, section hands, tunnel-
¦ men. steel gangs, etc.. wages $3. $2 50. $2 25.
J2, $190 a day and free shipment
It is no trouble fcr us to hire 3fifi men daily to
go to different railroads, t Why? Because it
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses^ come see
FREE FREK
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
A— FREE FARE
Mines. ...Gold. Silver and Other Mines
163 miners, some sirtjle-hand. some double,
some machine and Burleish drillers, for 37 |
different mines joo. J75. CO and found
36o nun to wjrk about th? mines as laborer*.
iipybo.ly will suit, no experience required.
$G0. %0. US. $4;) per month and found: come
, see; fireman. IS muckers, $60; 12 men to learn
mining. Crowd going— MURRAY & READY,
Rig wages paid 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL AXD OTHER HELP
12 carpenters $3 day and free fare
rntn to handle cable for sawmill and woods
company $2 50 day and found
38 carpenters, different Jobs.. J.I and |2 50 day
2 coopers: 27 blacksmiths, also some helpers,
$3. $2 r.0. %2 day and $1 75 and $2 day
6 boys or m»n tc work In a city factory; 2 I
farmers end wlv»s; 6 men for warehouse j
work, free fare, $75
& laborers, ware house.... }2 50 day. free fare
horst breakers
3 coachmen. $30 and found; 3 gardeners, $30;
6 men to break stock on ranch.. $45 and found
6 laborers, warehouse, {2 50 day, free fare
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
236 laborers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to WO
and found, any body will suit; 95 woodsmen,
millmen; aim all kinds of planing mill help.
J95. JSO. $65 $70. $G0, $40. $50, $30 and found..
364 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., $3. J2 SO, $2,
$1 end 7»c cord, tools and food found
12« farm hands $35, $30. $26 and fount!
3fi milkers and butter-makers... J30. J25 found
cheesemakers.\ $35 and found
14 stablemen. *¦*<:. $25. ?50. $50, ?40, $30 found
16 hay-balers, |3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
?64 laborers and teamsters. $2 SO. $2. $1 75 day;
some board yourselves home; boys for store*,
factories, etc., city Jobs, cabinet-makers,
wood- workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
....ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME. SEE..
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKEHY.
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
Waiters for mines ". }J) and found
43 cooks: come see $70. ¦$?:<» s r "\ $40. $30 fd
S9 waiters $35. $00. $25 found
19 dishwashers....'. $30. $26. »25. $20, $15 fd ¦
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants. 2d. 3d hands: also
boys. $50. $60. $40. $30. $25 and found
14 laundrymen. $35. J30 and found; come see.
marker and distributor $12 ween
MURRAY ALREADY. 634 and 636 Clay »t.
SPECIAL
25 woodsmen. San Cruz Co., $32 F.0 and found
PLANING-MILL HELP
sticker hand, $3 50 day; planer, S:i day; match-
er. $3 day: machine man. $3 day.-.
FRUIT PICKERS and MEN for DRY YARDS
6 men. dry yards, large fruit company. $55 J
and found: 150 fruit pickers, all parts of the |
country. MURRAY & READY, £34 and 635 !
Clay st.
FOR MINE ROARriTNO-HOUSR.
¦econl cook, $40 and fd.-ThTd cook. $55 and f,i
Cock's helper. $20 and fd..Potwa.«her. $30 & fd
Three waiters $30 and found
2 young men to help In Institution. $15 and I
found: 4 two-horse teamsters, large company, j
$60. fare paid; road teamsters; camp cooks
near city: bedmakers, etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICK ERS BOOKKEEPER. ETC.
]2T» fruitpickers. men or boys, fare from $1.
¦wages JCO nnd ?26 and found- bookkeeper.
Ptenosrapher and typewriter. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FOR CHATSWORTH— PARK. 20 mites the
other «ide of Los Ansceles.
Wanted for big tunrel, Chatsworth Park:
M tunnelmen $2 to S2 50 a day
Ship dally Office fee. $1 Free fare
MURRAY & READY. 63146636 Clay St.
WANTED — First class coat arid vest maker; 1
single man: steady work; work by the week.
A. ABRAHAMSICK. Heppner, Ore.
WANTED — Elderly man. bandy with carpenter
tools, tn take care of house and do chores
around hotel: $8 a month and found. JOHN
ATKINS. 301 Twenty-second st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 315 Bush St.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted for the coun- I
try. Apply J. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 j
Montgomery st. I
AN experienced milk-wagon driver wanted at
1408 Devteadero st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 60S Fourth st.; sa-
loon.
WANTED — First-class wagon blacksmith help-
ers. 123 Sr»enr St..
MAN wanted— First-class dinner waiter; wages
13 50 per week. 304 Mason st.
WANTED— 2 painters. Clay and Taylor sts.
WANTED— 2 coatmakers. Apply to Sergeant
Foly. convalescent N 3 camp. Presidio.
WANTED— First-class waiter. 20 Stockton
street.
WANTED— A waiter at 907 Kearny st.. Call at
8 a. m. ¦¦ ,-¦ ¦'--
I
DISHWASHER wanted. 612 Kearny st. j
MAN to work on ranch; ecod home to right
man. IS East st. /
WANTED— A good cook at 29 Fourth st.
' BOY or man to do janitor work for tuition at
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
WANTED— A good finisher on coats and uni-
forms. 410 Kearny St.. room 35.
BOY in plumbing shop. Call 623 Davis St., be-
fore S o'clock.
WANTED— Gardener: chance to be partner or
buy nursery; cheap. 1211 Polk st. 1
WANTED— Carriage trimmer at TRACEY'S.
31S McAllister st.
WANTED— Good strong errand boy about 15
years old. M. B. MORAGHAN. oyster dealer,
68 California Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st!>.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. IT. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agvs
of 21 and 35 years; not lers than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height; :
must be citizens of the United States or per- J
sons who have legally declared their lnten- j
tions to become citizens; able to read, write. ;
nnd speak English properly. For further In- j
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of- I
flee. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., 5S0 K st., i
Sacramento, Cal.. or 105S J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of. United States: of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, rend
and write English:* recruits are specially de-
¦ sired for service in Philippines. / For infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop and cigar stand;
[ bargain if sold at once. Inquire at 206 Fourth.
EXPERIENCED coatmakers: to work inside!
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Good rtock clerk at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— A cook for ranch. Call 1502 Ken-
tucky Et.
MACHINE hand, engineer and general wood-
worker; single; sleep in shop. 61S Third st.
BARBER, young man. with 1 year's experi-
ence; .steady. 17th and Telegraph. Oakland.
MAN' to solicit work: painting, whitening,
whitewashing; and strong active boy or mid-
• die-aged man. handy with tools; reference.
Box 1932. Call.
MEN. women, learn chiropody, dermatology by
mall: diplomas. Correspondence Department,
2S4 Sixth ave.. New York. Write.
VEfaT-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. 641 Market st.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 641 Market st. >.-•--,
GET your nhoes half-soled while watting. 25c to
BOc . 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st».
WANTED — Errand boy for drug, store; give
age and residence. Address box 1909. Call.
WANTED— Four teamsters to drive team. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA. 17th and Vermont sts.. city.
JEWELRY salesman who can engrave; state
, age, experience and reference. Box 4604. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver » House. 217 Third St.: 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
. all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
NEW goods; quick . sales; salary or commis-
• Kton:clty or country. Tho J. Dewing Co.,
, Flood bulldlnc.'j^9M9faM_nB_nMRlBM__r 1 !
\ :—r- • ¦ ¦ •
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
PEXSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 15
years' practice; Examiner bulletins.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; "00 rooms. 25c night: reading room;.fTe«
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to 12 per weelc
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t> \ a-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2000 Flllmorw at.
HORSES, LIVE STOCIv. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for saTeT" also wasnns. bugjries.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
C27 Sixth at. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN* St DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY marc for sale; gentle and styli3h. Call
between 9 a. m. and 1 p. in., 114 Stockton st.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and sanaitr nor-c
Occidental Hnr*e Exchange. 721 Howard st.
IIOL'SES TO LET.
A— FRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 15C7 Howard st.. near 21st: 10 rooms
anil bath; French range; large garden; rent
»S5.
HOUSE of 9 rooms with bath; 6 bedroom*;
rent *37 50. 2S10 Pine st.
HOUSE to let; 4 rooms and bath. 2303 Pollc
street.
SUNNY house. 8 rooms; «as: bath; water free;
nice yard. 38 Fair Oaks st.; rent $20.
100 FLATS, houses. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 867
Market st.
31C0 California St.. store and Sat 5 rooms
above. JCO; 2211 Webster, c. 6 r.. J30; 215H Elm
ave., f. 5 r.. $13; 1400 Jacksnn. h. 9 r. p JJ5; 1424
Howard, f. « r.. J18: 710 McAllister, h. 8 r..
t32: 1620 Golden Gate ave.. h. 8 r.. «0-
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — Sunday, on Mission St., near old St.
Mary's College, telescope basket containing
clothing. Return to Boston Ranch, 400 Cain-
bridge st.; reward.
LOST— S-turday morning, on Folsom St.. bet.
Eighteenth and Ninth, envelope containing
letter and stamp photos. riease return to
address on envelope.
LOST— Collection book. Return to 406 Paclflo
St.: reward: San Francisco French bakery.
LOST— Cne 5x7 Premo camera; left on Ellls-st.
car Sunday afternoon. Return to 2434 Howard
st. and receive liberal reward.
$2iO REWARD for jewelry lost August 7 W
steamer Corona. Return to DR. KEEJTET.
794 Sutter st. ______________
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savtn*»
and Loan ffeoclety of San Francisco In the.
name of CHRISTIAN HANSEN. No. 45-137.
The flr.der will ulease return to bank.
FOUND— Brown and white pointer dog. Apply
ir3 Minna st.
MEDICAL.
Dr! and MRS. DAVIEiTirS Market st?— Rell-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive, cure truarante«d at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home. the. sam*
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections: prefectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stampa for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $•>; positive cur»; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
44S Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 10U3 l i Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists.
have refjr— led from Kurope: safe and reliable:
cure S^: b*ive treated thousands of cases wttii
success: 13 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low teen. 1007 ! i Market St.. near Slxtn.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs."*
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office. $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. XG TOY KEE. late of Canton. Chica; dis-
eases of all kind* cured: herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 7(M Sacramento.cor.Kear7iy:advicefre«.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician: call on physi-
cian with man'u knowledge; treatment caa
be used at home. SIS Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles" sp«clal-
lst; home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. W EG EX ER— Private hosia
in confinement. 1312 Colden Gate ave.
DR. WISE — The only cenaine ladies' specialist.
Office HIS Market st^
DR. WOXG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
EOILERS. enzines. 2d-ham1 machinery. Mo-
1NTOSH- & WOLPMAX, 13S-1D7 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, store and of flee furniture and fix-
tures; new and *>econd-hand: we always have
a larse stork of saloon outfits on hand; £2
complete outfits on our floor, ready made; w<»
can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOONAJN,
KIT. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st, above SUt_;
write lor catalogue- '
A BEAUTIFUL rlnjr containing 2 diamonds
and emerald for J4-: is a bargain at J70.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
FOR SALE cheap— Camping outfit, covered
iviienn and two horses and tents. Apply
-SSii Tehama st., bet. 10 and 2.
FOR SALE— Large powerful new traction en-
Kine. very cheap. San Francisco Iron Works,
225 Foisom St.
A FINE silver and gold plated clarionet, mads
by 'Conn. Elkhart. Ind.. for J45; our prlco
now J22. UXf LE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GOOD Domestic sewing machine. $15. Call at
1309 Stockton st. before August IS.
A— BUYS, sells or rents g>rar machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear gt.
A— 1<K> H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air coia-
presror. JARDINF.3. 220 Fremont st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SCO Kearny st.. near Pine.
A NO 1 fresh Jersey cow, 4 years old, and 1
Durham; larce milkers. 1312 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— Fine antliue mahogany furniture
at 20C7 Polk st. .
FURNITURE— A lot of old-style mahoeany at
31S Fifth st.
FOR SALE— New hlack Astrachan cape cheap.
F.ox 2038. Call Office.
2D-HAND photographic and majlc lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks >>cale and fire and burglar
pvoof safe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.: General machine work. 1ST Beale st.
2D-HAND entilnes. boilers, dynamos, motors.
an.l gasoline eng. H. S. White. 51« Mission.
A FINE fult tV>; dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOHr*. 427 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lat«»
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price.
$75: concert records. \\ afl. Daclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boile^*; iron and wood,
planers, lathes; 2d-handT"J. Burke. 130 Beale.
2D-HAND fire-proof »afe; 1 fire and burslar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2.!-hand: movtr.tr
pictures. BULLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFER— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4C3 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS _ WANTS.
A SECOND-HAND 4 H. P. boiler, complete la
good condition. Inquire of I. H. BURTON
44 Main st.
SEALSKINS are what w- pay big prices for
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2S Stockton s£
IF you wish full value for tout cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: Tel. Black <'•£
3IO:XEY TQ LQAX> .
ANY amount at^ perTwTm.'ldTnTsTln^rt^
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in dtoT
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no dl
lay; get my term!, before doing business el-£
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 MontgK£ r. 1
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
ta estates, legacies, corporation loins. ShaUe!
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 1« first floor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN '
H , I .? IIL , Y . re *P« :t able private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry a? low-
«t.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. %Gustav C. F.'Echwarx (owner> with C. Shutt
(contractor), archltoct* Martcnp 8; CofToyv-aU
work 'except gas flttlnsr,- painting, - varnishing,
electrical work, • tiling, mantels. pi\ * ;¦ nx^uros.
shades : and ; finishing hardware, for a two
story frame, resilience v with partly finished
basoment on lot on W line 'of- Stflner street,
110 8-of McAllister, S 27:« by -W 190; 15600. r
• C B. Valent» (owner) with Cun-'n4 Cavaglla
(contractors), architect' j, J. A. - Porporato— ¦ all
work except ¦• plumbing, . painting aijd tinning
for » '.two-story, and : basement franw building
(flats) on : lot on NE corner of Jones and. Val
paraiso streets. B 29:10V4 by N 120; flSOO. ./
Pr. . Georse ¦ W. . • Merrltt (owner) .- with ' Otis
Builders' Contracts.
HEARING OF THE GAYNOR
CASE IS ADJOURNED
Government Has Introduced All Its
Testimony and Further Evidence
Will Be Taken Next Month.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— The hearing In
the proceedings to secure the removal of
J, W., E. W. -and E. H. Gaynor and Ben
jamin D. Greene, accused of conspiracy
to defraud the Government in connection
with ex-Captain Oberiin M. Carter in Sa
vannah harbor improvements, was contin
ued before • United States Commissioner
Shields to-day. .
F. A. Smith, a clerk in the judge advo
cate general's 'office in- Washington, ar.d
J, W. Oberiin. clerk in the Government
engineer's office at Savannah, under Cap
tain Carter, were the principal witnesses
heard-
District Attorney Irwln announced that
he had one more witness to call and his
side would end. and an adjournment was
taken for two hours.
The Government closed its case this aft
ernoon and the hearing was adjourned un
til September 27.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— Postofflccs es
tablished: California— Schmidtvtlle. Con
tra Costa County, Timothy J. Conlan,
Postmaster. " •
Washington— Lucas, Klickitnt County,
Earr.uel Lucas. Postmaster.
Names changed: California— West Side,
Santa Cifia County, to Cupbrtino.
Washington— I ves. OUanogan County, to
Pateros. " * •
Discontinued: v California— Oak Grove.
San Diego County, mail should be sent to
Bergman. , .-,,,,,
Postmaster* commissioned: California-
George F. .-Klnney. Vinton; Alexander
Montsromery. Cupertino.
Oregon— Almnnn I.apham, Yistillas.
Washington— William A. Sexsmith, Pa
teros.
Pensions issued: California— Original—
Robert. Stephen?. Vallejo. 56: Walter ; B.
Northern. San D!<="go. J8: Henry Der.mead,
San Francisco. $6: Julius Charging, Con
ley SS. Increase-^David F.'Mcrrltt. Elgin.
$S; Ezra W. Moon, .Riverside. $10: ¦ I^ouls
Bertsch, Tulare, $8; Joseph Frazler. "Whlt
tier. 512. — Original widows— Minor of Tim
othy Curran, San Francisco, $10: Lucretln
R. Orr, Lrs Ansele«. ¦$$,%
Washrngton— Original — J.imes M. F^wel
:yn,' Burlington. %5. Increase — Car 1 Klaus,
Snooualmie, S-S; Pharoah M. • V/allace,
Walla Wa'la. S3. Reissue, special July SO—
Lcand-?r H. Prather., Spokane. $S. -
Cars for Chile.
SANTIAGO YJE CHILE, Aur. 13.— the.
Chilean Congress to-day voted $2,500,^M v
Chilean currency, for, rt : cargo of cars, the*
greater portion, of which Trill be pur- J
chased inthe United States.. Tenders have
been Invited for building iron bridges over
the River Maipu, • •
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
PALACE KOTET*
n E Green, Loa A - ¦
Dr W S Taylor, Cal |
M E Howes, Klverside;
H Prace, Riverside -
Alex Kaiser. Stockton i
W" II Silverhom. Ill
M Eisaster. N York |
H B Woodiw San Jose
F M Richards, N" fork
L Goldman* w Phoenix 1
%V R Field, ilex l
C II Cole Jr. Uoston [
Mrs W H Webb. Cal
Miss C Webb. Cal
H C Jertorda. Portland'
Wm - Garland&w, L A
Mrs J R Clark. Los A'
G HA'-jnh:im. St Louli
r, T wrry. I>os An?el"»
Wm J Pike. WaV.i I> C
F S Dickln-on. N Y j
J E McDonaM. USX
V." H Edsar. Chicago j
R B WVUs. Ktm J<rs'y
I>r & lira Mercer. N' J
Chas Gardner. Yreka •
P P Keaaey. N Yjrk
E H Gray * w. N T
Miss D Gray. >¦' Y
D- II W Hutcllffe. Cbr
Mrs Sutcllffe, Chlca*o
Master E <J Sutcliffa
C B Tilscutt. Portland
TV Ward. New Jersey
T E Ycna. Loa Ariel's
P J McGarth. USA
\V n Clark, N T
Cap \V H Bean. USA
H V Marnient, London
E A Cade, Londnn
J A S tarley, England
E P I'arker. Astoria
W Rodman. Los A
K \V Smith. N" M«
Mrs H E Wilson. Cal
J L Herzo*. K T
J S von HerrHch. Mo
Von K>!sk. Rerlln
Von B.ircke. Berlin
Mr nerfrmaru Hnrlln
Mr. Hupfeld. Borlln
"\*on I^on. Berlin
Mr. I^>ebstrin, Hmbrg
J E Henry. N H
CJRAND HOTb^.
»Ir Sherro'1, Portland Mrs Woodward. X T
M Haff. Santa Ana J B Hlg?tes, P RoMes
H B Hice. Lf» Anff »¦ W Klnnald, P Kobles
H J Emmermn, BeatUa Mrs F* W Wh»aton.Mch
H memrr. Salt Lake Mrs M VTllklns. Chgo
r V.'arn.T. Or-vcron t'ity 1. Swift. Frwr.o
V O Lessen, Merced \U F nieasly. Detroit
(: FSemmlnjr. S .l r s<» 0 E Her.scn. Pt Clalr
X Blackstpck. .Ventura \' O Williams. Mass
ii II Holl. Los Ang ,O H Merrlam. Wash
C Oaies. San I~>iesco 'J F Kerr>ps. Wash
it It Vtobblns, K I)Je?o '¦» V. - Overton. N T
P, II Fteward, Los Ang H rV'lJIoord. Md
P K Rcpelt, f, L An?- H E Laplln. Los Ang
\V T O-le. Keswlck -J Leader. Cal
f Hooper. K^swlck i.l II <;i!r.n. ** a l
Mrs I'.attenrteld. Cal iMrw Cilnn. Cal
I> 1> Wade. Vatlejo Mm J Sliank'.ln, Cal
Mrs Wade, Vallejo ' IP K Andrews, Aria
Mrs M A Pealer. F.icto^Iis And re vs. Ariz
J II Read, fn'.t.i :A V Johnson. Cal
R Lnscorabe. I, Gfitos i\V R T>"lynn. Los Ang
W J Nelson. Mojlav- ! f V IiolllJter. Cal
II W Au(ru.«tpin, Senti-^J Blltenser, Dawsr.n
0 V Woodward. N* Y Mrs ritterver, Dawson
t,*EW WESTERN HOTEL
T Gunger. St Louis
Mrs Oun^er. St Loulr
K ISurke, Fresno
rirsMShortridgi*, c. LA
[) J Devar.y. tit Loul*
r> Prultt. Chicago
1- Q C"cm«tock. Texas
R R Crook. Arizona '
Mrs Crock, Arizona
W B Ashley. I»s An?
Mrs Ashley, c. L An*
\l A West. Los Ang
J Seines. Astoria
r 1 L Abbott. S.icto
M!s.« (V.n-lop. sister. Mo
I)r H E Caldweil. Pa
C H Galler. f. Mass
J McOarty, San Josa
Mrs G-S/narr). S Jose
lllss Gebhard. 9 Joss
C W Atwell. Los An*
Application for a Writ of Habeas Cor
pus on Ground That Law Under
: Which Prisoner Is Held. Is
Unconstitutional.
NEW YORK, Au&. 13.— Judge Laeombe
Of the United Ktates court to-day refused
to sign the writ of extradition for Charle3
W, "W. Neely on account of thfe action of
Judge Wallace in granting an appeal to
the Supreme Court *h the habeas corpus
proceedings, but indicated that he did not
think Judge Wallace understood the renl
situation of the case. a*d he believed if it
v.ent to the Supreme. Court in its present
shape the application for a writ of habeas
corpus would be denied.
¦ A citation In the Neely case, signed by
Judsro. William S. Wallace, was filed in the
clerk's office of the United States court
to-day. The citati6n calls upon Henry L.
Burnett, United States District Attorney,
and William Henkel. United States Mar
shal, to appear before the Supreme Court
of thf United States in Washington on
September 7 next, pursuant to a citation
of April 4. in which Charles F: W. Neely
Is the appellant and Mar*hel Henkel the
appellee, to b'iow cause why the llnai or
der of the Circuit Court, the said petition
of appeal, should not be corrected and
Justice be done, ... j.. .
In refusing to sign the extradition writ
Judge Lacombe said in part:
I came here this morning to slrn an order
putting Neely In custody under an act passed
by Congress. June 6 last, providing the uov
ernnunt to make a disposition of the two suits
under *-hlch ordeis of arrest still stand against
him. I find, however, that the exceptional zeal
of the prisoner's counsel has produced a mo3t
peculiar situation, a complication that so far
an I know hns never before existed in connec
tion with extradition cases:
Judge Wallace of this court has been applies
to for a writ of habeas, corpus on the ground,
among others, that the act of June 6 is. un
constitutional. The writ of habeas corpus was
r»ked In order to test the constitutionality of
the act and to restore to liberty a prisoner
alleged to be held under it. But the act of
June 6 does not apply here. No one Is re
strained of his liberty under that act. I never
issued an order authorizing his holding under
the act of June 6. Now the proceedinKs asking
a writ of habeas corpus has been refused, an
appeal taken and an order Issued by Judge
¦Wallace remanding; the prisoner. I do not
know upon what Information Judge Wallace
acted. Nor can I see what else can happen
to the appeal when it goes to the Supreme
Court except they will dismiss, it as - being
brought upon Insufficient prounds.'
Habeas corpus cannot be availed of under th.»
act until some proceedings are held under the
act. And I have been careful all along to
allow the order of arrest In the civil suit to
stand 'and not to attempt to put him under
the provisions of the new act. r
Judge Lacombe said he did not want to
sign papers dismissing the old charges
and leaving the prisoner held only on the
remaining order of Judge Wallace, and
asked Mr. I-indsay if Judge Wallace knew
that the man was not held under the act
of June 6. Mr. Undi'ay did not answer
directly; but mid he knew the prisoner
was arrested on an order issued by Judge
Lacombe. Judge Burnett by a request of
Judge Lacombe stated his posUion in the
case, saying he did not think Judge Wal
lace wag fully Informed of the prisoner's
proceedings. Mr. Lindsay • said all he
wanted was an opportunity to submit this
case to the Supreme Court. In conclusion
Judge Laqombe said:
I certainly shall not take any action which
will turn over to a' foreign country or another
State, it matter* not which, a prisoner wno
Is held here under an order of arrest in a
civil or criminal action until such actions shall
have been discontinued. •
• This position I have taken. from the begin
ning. ' I »hall not allow the prisoner to be
rpnianded until wl have got through with him.
I shall assent to no proposition that will take
the .prisoner out of the Jurisdiction of thla
court at the call of any tribunal on earth.
Judge Lacombe then advised Marshal
Henkel to keep the prisoner in custody
under the civil order or under Judge Wal
lace's order, as he chose, and to advise
with the District Attorney about that.
The Government was given until next
Monday to decide what further action lit
will take In ths matter.
Judge Lacrmbe Refuses to
Sign the Extradition
LEGAL TANGLE
GIVES NEELY A
BRIEF RESPITE
Elevator Company (corporation) (contractors),
architects Reid Bros.— all work Included in
the Installation complete of one passenger ele
vator In store and office building- now In
course ot construction on lot on the'NE corner
of Sutter and Mason streets, E 37:6 by X ST:C;
S300O. . .
t ¦ ¦ ¦ _ ¦ - • : .
the san Francisco call, TijEsrAY, atoust 14, 1900.
11
MOUXftntN r«i:in«: i'omp*!II.
irAc-irio »¥<rr«jf.» ' "
Train* l«">««r »¦•«• am line ••» itrrl** nl
MAX KII..4Si:i!V«'«».
(UaJn Line. Foot of M.rket S:r.«t )
LC«tb — Tncnt Arecsr 13. 1900. — askits
•7:0Oa K<-'klt, Snlsuu, V»t*r.Ue,
Bniusejr anti a»e».iii.onw» *7ll.1p
•T:V«» Sli-vii* Kxpite*- lft».-U. WiUlncu (for
BarMott Sprtoza), WUlowa. K*l
Hlnlf. PortuutT 1:lSf
*7i3V« Maniuex, ¦SaniUmun.Vailejo, Xap*.
l'ali8tiigii»n<l.H.tiic» l!ow *Vil3p
•8:00* Dafis. V.'<«»Uai:d. Ki-jjats Landtac.
ilirsi'il o. *>r.<»i.if «7il."p
|«*:Ott A'l»nii- Ki|>rc«4 — U«i'»i» ami Eaat Mt:l.1p
•«:««• i Ndot. Tricy. L.»:hrop, Stockton »»iJ3a
• »i:hm Mmt .>••«¦• . i.itrtiiiurc, itutcttnn.
Inns, -incri ii-n'". PlacrrtlU*,
M.r»-»"i;i-. »'•'=". i:«.I l!!mr Mil.lr
*Si3Oa Oakilaie. C&hies« (far Yosunuie),
nouora. Carters. *l:f 5r
•U:O<»« Haywaiii.i. Sun +w\ Way niaUoos. *l !;••"»*
"J: no* Lot A&ccias txpww — AUrtiiiej!,
Tny, Ui:l:ni!\ -itor«:oa, Mercett
• . Prcuo and Los Augolea *7.-l-1p
•«i:i»* V»iir},.. M»tUtiez >wi «y»rHtatlo»« *»i-«5p
• I O:«»a Tbn Oftrl.'i'l Li -ni ted— Ogdao. Deo-
Trr, l».uih*. CbiCi.'"* ¦-¦ *3<13r
•I !•««.» >"li-». Siocktou, S»cr*ra-nto. Men*
dots, Krrsar.. Ilaiiford. Vlttlla.
l'ur«er»llla »4»l3p
•Il:OOi liTermnro. Aacjar Gofksn Juac-
, ti<m. B» k TS'islO. Los Au £«!«•
Million H-%j**t'U. NiUrt and Wsj alatlona. *9:4.1p
(lillttr 3ac(«mrtit» Ul»er 8fe»in«rs ?5:0:>\
•!l:<»Or Hijw*r ii, Xilii »od Yftf Htatfons. *.1:l»r
**!<M»r MufCiiif*. Ha» Iduaon. V«;U;u,
N»;><>. «. ¦»!••««<><». .s«Ht» ltc«» *>il3*
•liuwr Kniiew. Winters. Maeramsoto.
U'o«"ll»i>'l. liiii.hti Lauding.
Maryiillla. OniTliln *IA:I1«
•IiS'»P Kile*. Hail Jwiaajid Stockton *7M3p
•SitiOfTlMi Owl Limited— Tracy. Freano.
B.>kersa«)>l. Maupia lor dauta. Uar-
bara. l.i a Auceles. •tOil-1^
•StOOp Stockton "J««\
•.1:0«rNew UrUaor Eipxess— lUiersfleUl.
.-•ii.iu lUrliua, l.i« Anzeles. l)nn-
inc. Kl Faao. Jl •» Uileau* and
KfM *7«4!»4
•0:O«p Hay wurils, Ntles aud, Ian J«W ••?«<•¦»»
t«:0Or Valleja # ia:l.1p
•tfiOwrOrienul SI*!I-Ogtlea, Chejenna.
Oiosba. Chicago •I»frl5*
*«>«l>r Oriental .Mail— Offden. C»a*er.
Omaha. Cht<n#n M:11p
•7i«O« Viltm, Tracy, L»lhr«s>. Stockton.... ••»j13p
J^:«'»r V*llrjw. I'.r; l'«U Slid Way SU-
Uons t»'3»F
•»i«Jr (irt-i'iiii sad C»llfori>!a. Ki|>miis.)1ao>
nmtnbi. Marjaiilltf. ItmMlnK.
l'..rtl»u.l. Ti-n^t X.......I ».,.! tut ?«lin»
CO^CT IHTIMHM (N.riHtT U»mx(t).
(K«mt»<JJ'rWctaUe«L)
t?i-i3« Sant* Crua Eic-ir»ioi» for SanU
t'nu and l'nuci t -.l Way Stations {9:O3r
•SilS* New«lt.lviit.-r»i.i.-..-i*n.li-i*.Krlt..ii.
U.>u>aerOrrek..VautaCiuaaHit Way
8Utl0HS •«:5ttr
fi»l-"»p Kawaik CV'H«r*i:>. San J<««, Nbw
Alnia<l«u. Faltnn, lltmMnr C'tmtk.
Hanla Ciur. auti l'tiociual Way
Statloxa •••!.¦»<?%
•lil.ir Newark, HtnJoit, IjuGith ?•»*•¦«
ilil3pC;cnwuo.i Felton, H*nt» Cna «i;3».»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr*»3l* r*»»8lSC0— rial •' Hautt Stre»i iS.u %) —
•7:15 900 11:00*. M. |1:C3 *Z:S3 13. C3
•1:03 15:23 M:03r.si.
fr«»OIIU»B-rHtif»f»«il»«r.— *«.00 8:00 10:00a. M.
t!2:C3 *I:83 tt.i3 **Z3 H:S3 "g^r.u.
niANT 1MTISIU1 (Rr«a<l <;»«?»).
(I hint nnd Townaeml Hi-.)
*9itU\ Oceiiii Vieir. rto-nb San J>'r*Dci*C(>.. t«ia«p
f2:O<»A «»u Jum ami Way .Htath.na ;.\ii
fl ll- \Wli.»vUjn..ii!r> *1:3OP
t7:»O.» Sanday Eieursion f r Saa Jose,
Sunta t'ruT. fsciflo GroTe and
Friudpal V>»y Stalions.... JS:3.1p
•IMM»4 S411 .)<«!•. IriK 1'iiniR. n»iit;i I'm/,
l'.».i.ic llMis. l'«a.i K..l»!"«. San
I.iim ul,in|M., Surf. Lorapoo aaitl
l'ii..c»i«l Wiy MiAtl........ Msl*-
•I«:IO« 8*1 Ji.«o ami Way .Station* "•»*»«
Mll8«« h«u.lo«e.Lo«G»tos»ml\Vsj.SUtU>ii* •»>:»0p
) '4il.tr San Muto. HnSwood, Mwilo l'ark.
Pa'>o a: to. Santa Clara, Nu ¦!»*•.
Tres Iinoa. S»nt» «;mx. Sailuaa.
MiHitcii-j »...! 1'i.citie Urof • JIO::tB».
tXiSn r Sao.loi«aini Way autluita *7::t»p
tltlilp SauJrwesmirrtncipml W»jr SUIions •9:l."»»
i.1i«0p^n .low. Los Gatos and i'riiicip&l
Wa; Slatio.u. tO:»»*
. —liTtU SuJ«« au.l Frtnoinal Way StaUuua !•!»*¦
«H::!«p Saj. Ji«eauJ Way Htatimu «<*:••«»
6ll:<5p 8»n Ji.ir.aiwl Way fiutimm *7:3n»
A for Moniiii." I'lor Afternoon.
* D*;ii\ t Hiuiilay axeepted. i Sunday only.
• Sstnnlay ualj.
a Saturday and bund»» e Morday only.
CALIF02XI4 NDRTBWESTEBN BY. C8L
Zj HISSES!
SAN FRAKG1SG0 AND NORTH PAC1HG
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAN KHANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
•VTEEK L»AYS-7:30. J:CO. H:OT •. m. : 13:33.
I ». 3:10, «:30 p. ia. Thursdiys— Extr* trip
at 11:30 d. m. faturday*— Extra tries at 1:H
B-il 11:S> o. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. U:C0 a. m.; 1:S8. J:35U
i:to. .»:» o. ra.
SAN RAFAnL, TO SAN FRA^CT3CO.
WE£K'DAY3-«:10. T:JO. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
! t:4O, 5:13 p. is. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and S:i". d. m.
I BVN'DATS— 8::0, »:40. 11:20 a. m.: 1:40. »:ta.
| S:OS. <:S5 p. m.
i Between Sis Francisco and Schuetsen Per*
1 him schedule as «N>v».
! I^sts I In Effact. { Arrtva
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. ISOa} San Franciscoi
Week J 8un- j ! Kun- I WeeH
Days, f days, f Destination.! days. ] I>ays.
i T'JOam 8:00 »m| Novatj. 10:40 iml S:4O im
130 (n »:ao»ml PMitosa. I:C5 paW:t'. aa
»:» p« i:C0 pml Sir.ta Roea. 7:3i praj 1:20 pm
1:Z0 ax Windsor. 10:15 am
Ilealdsbarff.
Lytton.
G<?jrserv!l!e.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Clovardaie. ?:S3 prr. 8:^> pg»
1.20 aiii j norland j 119:25 arai
1:39 pm] 8: fit) am' and UklaT). I 7:3" pm| 8:20 pm
1:3) am '13:23 aa>
8:00 am GunmeTill*. 7:33 pml
t:S3pm 1 8:20 pra
1:30 am! 8:00 am Boscma 3:15 am! S:40 ara
and
I:» pml i:C0 pm C?»n Kl!en. 8:05 pr»[ 8:£> pa>
t-.n ami S:CC am! 110: « am!19:35 am
8:3* pm! 8:tO pml Sebastopol. | T:3S pm! 8-3 pa
Blares connect at Sa=t.i Rcsa tsr Mart West
Sprlnirs and Whlt« ir.jlphur Springs: at Fulton
far Aitruna: at L>ytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservUJe for Skaecs Spiincs: at Clover«dal»
for the Oeysers: at Hapiand for Duncan
fiprtnT*. Highland Sprlcn. K«"l«»yvtHe. Carls-
bad Srrlnxs, Soda Bay, Uk»i>irt and Bartlett
Fprlnsa: »t Ultlah fop V!cny\ Springs, Saratov*
Pprlnjrs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bpriars. Upper Laka. Porrv>, Potter Valley.
Jnhn Day's. Riverside. U*T\*Ys, Bnek*sn - s.
Fanhedrtn Heights. HullTtlle. Orr"s *• H»«
Prrlnxs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragx. West-
port I'sa!. Wllllta. LaytonTllle. Cummins.
Bell's Bpriacs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Soctl*
and Eureka.
Saturday t» Monday round tr)o t"clc«ts at
reduced rates.
On Eur.day ronn4 trip tickets to all point*
t»vrnd San Rafael at half rate*.
Tlcke* oftieps. (33 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C WMITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General llanaser. Gens. Pass. Afr-a*.
IOBTH. PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Cammendnr April S3, IMt.
FROM 8 AN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIXEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY3-7:00. f.SO. »:*». U:C« a. m.t
12:'3. »l:4S. 3:13 4;15, "5:15. 8:1S. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For J1U1 Valley and Saa
RaiaeU on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at »:M and 11:35 p. in.
SUNDAY&-7:W. »3:0O. •9:00. •10:00. U:W. U:»
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 1:10. •Z.ii. 6:CV. i:>j, J;i»
P- DU
ll:C0 a. m. does not raa to Saa Rafael Sua*
Trains marked (•) ran to San Qncntln.
FROM SAN' RAFAKL TO SAX FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DAYS— C:S5. •S:^). 7M, 8:40. «W;U a>
m.: «:*). 1:15. S:15. '3:30. «:S0. t:30 p. ox
EXTRA TP.IP9 on Monday*. Wednttdaya
and Saturdays at "3:45 and 10:t0 n. a.
SUNDAY*-- «:15. »8:C0. •*:«. 'll^a. m.; nj:0»
in.: l'.0«. J:1S. n:30. 4:30. *5:4S. 8:43. t:30. 18;»
b. m.
Trains markfd (•) Btart frost San Qnentto.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-4-.53. «:«. 8:00, 8:55, 10:30 a.
ia.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 1:30. 4:10, 6:10 p. nu
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 1Q:*4 p. m.
BU>fDAYS-e:J3. 8:03. 10:03, U:I0 a. m.: U:lfc
1-20 2:30. J:«3. 4:35. «:15. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINa
T:00 a. m. vmk days— Cazadaro and way sta.
tlocs.
1:15 p. m. Sataniays— CazaJero and way ia.
tlons
t:U» p. m. weekdays (Saturdays ezs«ste4>->
Point Reyes and way stations.
• :0O a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way »'-*-
tloca.
12:45 p. m. Bcsday*— Point Reyss and wa/_
staUoes. .
S/\rNT/\ F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-bTREKT FERRT.
Leave: tOverland: Dally forChlca- Arrlvss
Bo. Kansas City. Denver
sn<J all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico. Pressott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Dakersfleld.
» a. m, Vlaalla. Tulare. Han- I 9- ra.
ford. Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. Antloch. Staad*
ard and Tourlit Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dtnlns
ear between Stockton
and P«.kerafle!d.
Stocktoq Local: For 8aa|
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Hay 11:03 a. m.
Potat, Cornwall. Antl-
och and Stockton.
"~~- IBakcrsfieid Local : For San ¦
• Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
1 Point. Cornwall. Antl-
I p. m. och. Stockton. Merced. S a. ra.
Fresno. Hanrord. Vts&-
Ua. Tulare and Bakera-
fleld. .Sleepers td Fresno
and . Bakenflsld. '
TICKET OFFICES: «23 Market st. T"
Ferry Depot, font nt Market at.. San Fraadsoo.
HIS Broadway. Oakland.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
te^ , wharf. San Kranclsco:
KV_^ j For Alaskan rxirts— 11 a.
tvt^V. m " August U. 1*. 2«. 29. S'pt.
F^*l>^Kl5v ¦•• •• Change «o company's
l?X fc\S-!Vrt^ itcam^rs ?.»attle.
iTf-^Sf* ViA'1 Fcr Victoria. Vancouver
£S$£ji>M1 (B. C>. Port Tcwnnfr.a. Se-
r^***tp: % T^«\ attle. Tacoma. Ever-tt. Ana-
tortes and New Whateorn
t\Va«h.>^-ll a. m.. August
14 19. 24. 2?. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for' Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
cr Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at -Vancouver to C
P. R'y.
For KurHca. Humboldt Bar— 2 p. m.. Aurust
11. 16. 21. 26. 21. Sept. 5. and every fifth dar
thereafter.
For f-ar.ta Cruz. Monterey, San Plmeon. Cajru-
con. Port Harford (San Luis Ob>po). Gavlota.
Pcnta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Padro.
Ka«t San Pedro <Lo» Ancele»> and Newport—*
a. m.. Ausust U. 1^. tt. 23. 27. 31. Sept.* 4.
and every fourth day theraft*r.
For San Dleso. stepping only II Pert Har-
ford (San Am\% Obl*no). Panta Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and R«^cndi (t^os Angeies) — ll
n. m.. Ausu*t 13. 17. 21. 1">. 2?. Sept. 1. and
evpry fourth day thereafter.
For Ensennda. M»frrtal»"a P.rr. f" .T->«« <!••
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa P^sa-
lia and Guayrcas (SIexlco>— 10 a. m.. 7th of »pcli
month.
For further Information obtain con-pa ny •
foldtrs.
The cempanv tt—vrtf ?^* rl^t to <-h.tp-.
rteimers. fn'lir.e rtnf»« nnd hours of sallla:
without previous rotic*.
•I n;i-"» • •• • r -4 Xetr Mr>ntjr.^mer>
str»>»t (Pnla'ee H't»IV
GOODALL. PF^KTVP X- CO.. O«n. A^»nt«.
10 M-»rk»t *t.. ?r>n Fr^nrlsoo.
w. n. r. & w. p -n,
riSPATCH r.»PT STKA5IEHS TO
i=> o :fl t? t_. isr "o
From Sp<*ar-ytre«t Wharf ct 11 A. M.
CADC 5»? First Closi incltjatm H?r-.'
If* n t. $8 S^cand n->** . ar.Jtf.eiii
STATE OF CALIFORNIA »?!!*
Aayi«t 11. 21. Ji
COLUMBIA 5ai!f> Au?u«t 1^. M. P»pt S
Short line to AVaMa Walla, Pp->kDne. T'.utt*.
Helem and all prints in t>>» Northwest.
Through tlck«U to »'l D'-Int? 1 K*s».
E. C. WARD. C?n»rrl Ar»nt.
830 N^rk«i st.
COODALL. PERKINS * CO.
5ur«*rlntenrf»nt«.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannan ftr<»*tn. at 1 p. m..
fr>r YOKOHAMA and HONGKOVO, calllns )it j
Kob» (Hlogn). Nagasaki and ShnnKhai. and
connecting at HonsUon? with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
r.r «all!nz.
S3. HONOKONO MART.:
Wp.1re5i.1ny. Avipu^t 29, 1W»
SS. NIPPON MAKTT
Saturdsv. F'-ptemher 2!. l«fl"
SS. AMERICA MATi"..W»-i*>»s.!:iy. Oct. 17. l?Ce
via Honolulu.
Rpund-t'-'r> ticketii a* reduced rnt»^. For |
freip>>t and ras^aee arrlr* at company's offlce.
421 Market '*tr*»t. mrr*>- of F!r*t.
W. TT. AVERT, fl'ncrni A**»nt.
AMERICAN LfNB.
rsv vo^ff. enrjT^*»»PTCf tcvum ?*«n
Ptnpplnr at rhfrhoiirgr. Tr.'*thonnd.
From New York Eve*" Wednesday. 13 a. m.
Pt. LohI^ Auirust rf^t. Lriuis Sept. I?
New York Au«rt'«t J*>|Nev York Sept. 1"»
St. Paul Sept. 5. St. Paul Sept. 26
FjrD STA^> LiNC
'¦rvrf^Yo-v "ar^ ."."t-.v*-^
' "Frcm New York Ev»n- W-dresday. K noon.
Noordland ...AuR'Jjt tit Westernland ...Sept. 12
Frlesland ....Ausruat J3| Kenslr.ictnn Sept. 1«
Southwark Sept. i» Noordland Sept. 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
-JOMPAGVIE GENERALS TBASSA'TLAHTIQITE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PART?
Sailing ever>* Thursday, Instead of <pf/jTA
Saturday, from November I. 133T at ' *^*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Mortnn street: LA BRETAGNT:. Antrim 16; LA
LORRAINE. Auirnst 23: LA TOURAIN'E. Au-
pust 30; L'AOJIITAIN-E. S»pt. 8. First clasu
to -Havre. JS2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. J.*» and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
rnund trip. C.ENF.RAL AGENCY FOR
UNITKt) STA.TKS AND CANADA. S2 Procd-
wny (HtidFon B'llM'nsr). N<"w York. J. P,
FUGAZI ft CO., P-idflo Ccc«t Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery av?nui». ?an Frare!i«co. I
0CKA>TTC S. S. CO.-HONOLri.lf, APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Aueu-t S3. S p. ra .
B. S. MAR1PQ3A »vla Honolulu), to N«w
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. S, 8 p. m
J. 0. $?>1ECXELS & BROS. CO.. -its.. '14 Uontsoinen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific it Frci(hlCSicc.327 Market 8t !
IXUUlllUU kills- LUXOR «?^)ton»
— ABYDOS 41)0 tons
• Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso find Ilatpbur;.
I via Mexican ports. Central and <cu:h
. America, etc. ,
S. S. Tf.nls, . 4"C0 tons, sails about Aujrn*t 23.
, J. D. SPRECKELS A I1ROS. CO., Agents.
¦' 114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office '
127 Market rt.. Ran Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
¦* Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tuer.. Wed.. Thur». and Sat. at S-4J
a. m.. S:1j. S:TO p ni. (ex-Thurs. nl«ht); Fri-
days 1 p.m. and 8:M: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., |
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mltslon-stre-t Deck
I Pier No. 2. Telsphcne Main W3. ' '
FAP.E SOc
~mAILBOAD T TBAVEL[
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC EATLWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry:
WF.EK DAYS.:..9:M a. m., l:« and S:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S, 9. 10, U a. m., J,'3t). 1:30 p. m.
. fare San Franclsen t<> Summit and return, tl 40
I NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
'f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
eg*j5*^4 5 gk I" S>*34 lor thetr^ntmi'ntot Private
JfLJjk 'S3( I>1s8m»«s, Lost ManhJHxt Detillt:y or
MagE 1 *SJ?i <llsL»aflflirearins[oti bodyand mind and
skln Dlieaaea Tb» 'loctorcureawhen
' JlaWltBaa "toerg rn.1L rry him. Cbnrgre» tow
»W5ffiffili&a «'nrni[U»rnnt«>l. Csllorwrttn
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ON real estate. 1st and rnd mortrages and on
furniture or pianon; no removal; any amount;
lowest rats. liESKEft & CO.. U Montgomery.
SJOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
weichek. )ewelr>'- W. J. HESTJIAL. 10 Sixth;
h'.gi.e.-t price for eld F<^ld. tllver. diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURE
O- 11. HARSH'JAltUER. 322 Ellis, room S4.
AT 126 Kearry gt., room ?, respectable prlv«t«
T-la^e to Unruw on wan-hes. diamonds; lowest
rates; take tlevatjr. Telephone Davis S95,
»j«lt.OOO at C per c**nt :n fuii!« to suit la city; also
JlSO.Ow on larjr*- r&m-hes : also on second mort-
gage? K. J. IIEBCEB & SON. *\2 Kne Bt.
A-W amount by private ;>arty on furniture- and
rian"^: no rens;jral: low rate*; confidential
BONKLLI. 301 Jones «.; corser Eddy.
MONEY loaned; j*r*onal Fecurity; m p?r cent]
private part>. Kucm 20. Tth floor. Mills bldg.
ON furniture and pianc*: no removal; oonfl-
dottial: < n ciaciondii. etc. 33 Taylor et.
II. MURPHT; OO Market st.. solves all kinds of
f.r.tr.cial vrobifn-.s ; 2J n-.6rtgage«, estates, etc.
TO tal»ried peorl** without security; all l»usl-
r.fcs" confli3.r.ii»l. Toui-Iey Co.. 311 JParrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
ccmrnist'.on. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 10L 6 Eddy Bt.
ANY fim. 1st or ?<3 rr.crtgagey. estates In pro-
bate, chattels, eu-. It. C3. Examiner building.
CASH !oa*-d tn salaried people on note without
lndorgcr. MOP.tlELU 0ui> Examiner building.
ON furniture, tianoe. v.ithout removal : no conT
__?!l*i': T1 .!_ I ! r il a i e J_ 1^>''H^JL 1<: McAllister Bt.
TO Eaiarted men without collateral cr lndor«er.
P. F. :-i» t -.,unt Ae^ncv. 143 Phclan buildlnf.
MCSlCJsX IXSTIll'MBXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos et SilERSJ VN CLAY
* cTr\ S v« a -W he r ' rSvl! "S e of exchanging fur
a STEIN\AAY any time within three years
t'.ni full purchase rrtce allowed; the best
ir.aker* of ever}- grade to select from; beauti-
ful rif-n- uprights $¦: cash. »« p*r month; «>rr,e
p " cs for * 3 - u and & ** r month.
CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
OEALEUS, t-orner Kearny and Sutler sts..
i-,an TranriFco. corner Broadway and Thir-
te«>nth rt. t Oakland.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains:
One eteck Upright, walr.ut ca*e; like new.
Or.e Weber I'lTight; walnut case; new.
One Fischer ITpright; in fin* order.
•-->ne Sterling I'prifrht ; mahoKany cun.
One Neumann Upright; x-ery gtod.
One Curtai Upright: oak ca!«c: excellent.
Prtecu from I1J5 up; Ji i«.>r month.
P-ENJ. Cl'RTAZ & SuN, i« OFarrell st.
FINE 3at>y Crand I^^cker & Hon at a very low
price for a few da>» on'.v; good as new.
MAUVAIS MUgIC CO., 769 Market st.
BEATrTIFUL Arlir.iton or Marcellus mahog-
• r.y upright; can be ha-1 to-dav; don't buy un-
Ul you art, them. MACVAIS. TC9 Market rt.
THE OljTrria interchangeable <i!sk music box
is the crrateft invention of the age; they
play 13 tune* in succession; trices ar» very
r<MLRfnab>. MAUVAIS. 'Of Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oidtpt and largest house
v.est of Chicago Is KOHLEn & CHAEB'S.
rs. IS cind 30 O'Farrrll St.; pianos, organs an4
ell other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: »errr.» easy: pries lowest; everj"-
thing i>OKs!b!e done to pleaM and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of Kerff^'s ;!ar.o store from Via
Nf^s to J33 Mark-t. b«"t. .. r ,th and €th, next
Hale Uroe., & m-lil continue reduction sal^ for
; Vff\Ls; or*n Wnf«: call »nd sr»t low j.rlcea.
VIOLIN tumx wet] b*?t in the world;
making ar.d repairing of all kind of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Ar.derror:. 417 Geary st.
A FEW more pianos .put on sale for storage:
at your oivn riice"; also Pp»nr*r's retired
ftock. JVIison'a Storage. 1710 Market st.
I?E in the t»1n: rent a nev piano for 13 ptr
month. ?• OTT-CTJHTAZ *~O.. 160 Hayes st.
FQT'AP.E piano fcr sale .cheap. 2513 Bryant «t.
MOVING soon: will €^11 new piano cheap cash;
Z <?avs or.ly. £15 Van .Vf«j ave.
SPCCIAXj tale— Uprights $73 up: lnstallrnents
tl up; rents t: up. HE1XS, 1>6 Ellis Et.
THE WILEY O. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.:
llErdmtn. Conover and other pianos.
POHMER & CO . nyroa Uauiy. Oab'.er. Hamil-
ton pianos. SOS Tost t-t.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— O>od r'.ar.o cheap: Installment $S
parnoaa. ?CHMiTZ. 1C McAllister st.
V.*. G. BAOGCQ^OS Sa.-r?.rr.cnto st.. agent for
Francis Ua^on and Hal'.ctt. &. Davis pianos.
A FEW bargains: beautiful upright piano. S100;
JnstJiI'.nK'nts «ir cash; a fine Chase Bros.
DETvTXO t: CO., Flool bulMing.
BCPERIOB violins, BlUwnC old an.1 new. H.
Ml'LLER, makei'. rTairer. 2 Latham place.
HT:i>l*<^TI«">N fa!»; n»w r'f»n»>s: SS payments;
f"r rent. jZ ur>. nRlTN'X. SOS Post ot.
MLSKJAL IXSTUtC'IlU.N.
Tt">l'NG :»<•¦;;.• p'.rm teac^e^ desires a few
pupil*; terms moderate. :29i Pine st.
VOrxL lf'syons up.rte.i in exchange for board.
AJdr^F^ Imx 160^. Tall oface. .
OPTICBS AM) STORKS TO LET.
OFFICE to rent: 3 fin-, light fror.t roams or.
Market *:.. oppocfta l^iac* Hotel; rent JiO
per month. A&Crctm VII. riER'.'S & SON.
Cfl V.-.rk't st,
OFPXCE8 to !?t cr. Market Ft. Inquire at No.
I EdSy el.. N2t!or.»l Itea! Ert*x* Exchange.
FOR rent— Kle^ant offlc* ar>d rocra* In T. M.
C. a. bids. : n.! po4cro '.rr.r*. : rent very low.
TO irr.t-lltrfi^r?! rt-Tv: well lighted; Kxt48;
rALSHSTRV.
iiVE. Neeriraard. Pr»s. Ft. Germain College of
PaJTiyfy: read* 1 to ?. &,« Geary, rr. Jnj\*m.
TEItSOXALS.
?TOTTNG r»ntlen-.an deelres acquaintance of
young lacy; object, matrimony. Box 1951, Call.
THERE i» but or.e hairdresser; Ledrrer dresnet
VHir hair In th* ver>' latest modes for only
'¦gSfciO. LEDEREH, 13 Stockton.
LEDERKR'S Qulrtor.!ca hair tonic will make
yo-jr hair perfectly beautiful; 33c bet.; try It.
MEXHEBJEB Foamo Phsmr-on lx perfect; can uie
at home; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton et.
1IME. ADA. 84 K»»arr:y. 47 Post, offlce 10-H; If
fitk. mSering from any cauj-e. see this won-
oerfuMy cift^cl healer; vhe.vlll cure you.
INPTITtTTE of fidencr; •ujccf:!v» therspeu-
tics; magnetic healing; p*reon^ magnetism;
hpynotlfm. Prof. F;sher. Instructor. il7 Masn.
J'lLES— 300 permanent cures In Ean Francisco
who can bs seen: nn operation: no pain: par-
tiulcary fe-at. Ad. Pl-yrlclan. box l%\ Call.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
IIOPKE BROS.
M£?t«-~««es and pillow* made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
t*<><3; Prfni d»fy corn petition: fin* upholstery-
r-hene E30S; fectcry, SH &nd RO Eleventh Ft.;
firrt-claps cleaning and dyslng. 40S Sutler St..
Van Francisco.
J:i.ncTRIC lirhts in every room— Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third et.. sear Market: 789 roimn;
Be to {1 SO p«r night; $1 &0 to {0 per week:
free 'bus and facracp to and from th« ferry.
FI'lTS to order on inrtai'raent*: J1S upward;
M a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
Vi'tw«v»n Seventh erd Eighth.
HAIIi (juiikly cur'jj or waved by us'rc Tal-
cctt's curling flaii: tic bottle; drupyUts.
L.ADIER' »r.d rcentr' cust-off clothlnar bought A
pold. K'.lvermcn. PS4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED — Old-fo*hJ3ned stiver. bra»». copper
ware; curies, all dtFcriptions. 5K Dupcnt £t-
fcUITP to r.rier rn easy nayments. Art Tallor-
ir.g Co., Ernminer buiidinx. room 497.
I ALFRnDt'llS TCpjptian Henna restores Kmy
hair to its r.atui-i! color. $1; at all dmggljis.
. CAETrOKF '•I^thinr. o'.d rr«ld and «ilver bouulu;
v trtC r^yta!. CQl.r.MA.VB SC6 Kearny st.
triIVSICIAXS AXD MIlGEO..a.
-. CRANSTON, thT7r»-at specTaTif tT has~re"-
*'JiWfi irar-tlce at I2t< Market ft., corner
offirfg 23 anfl !«; take elevator.
CZIHONIC. othT divases of mrn. rnm^n : cures
Dr. Gordin, £14 Pine, nr. Kcarny.
E IL,r- c - O"DOXXEI-L— OfOc- and recldence^
-.]¦- VnrVr-i Ft.. b»t. PlKth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
BOM!: one who will build a modern house of
V _« or tw V T ! roon|1 i locaUon between Cali-
fornia a,id Kroaduay, Gooch and Central
*£'«£} r& o?nf P lta8 ' ftn3 pay good rent -
REAL ESTATkH-CITA- FOR SAiJbI
1 *"^** 1 * ot tt ' Ut« FER.
<1LS OLKAR-V. en Market St.. No. 13S0. ntrv
nurater IU, lot <2£» twenty-nre feet front
by one hundred 4100) feet deep; also two lots
directly in rear, twenty-five «J5) by one hup-
<Jr"<J UOOI. on City Hall «ve. Apply to w"l-
LI AM f\ OLEAItY. JOHN McIjONOITGH
KDWAHD 1. LEARr, executors. Rues
Ilcuct
tTTJj— THREE new modern flats, li-ith marble
ftei*. fre«c«ed'cellings. eta., in t!>.* be* rent-
irs i-ection of the city; 1 block from Itaight-
¦ft'-. cari>. on Waller rt., near Pierce; rests fy*
jfc • year: «r.p> terms.
iW.CKiii cottaw home; «0 ca£h. $W per month.
THE MpTAKTHY CO.. C46 Market it.
MODERN" houses built; lowest price*; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mirslon.
REA1 ESTATE— CITY— -FOR. SALE.
RESIDENCE for sale: a barrain: $3000; West-,
era Addition: convenient t«,cars; 27VSxI37%;
• rooms, hath: terms to Bult purchaser. Ad-
dresB boit t. Call office. ?-
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
UiB Mission that you want to sell? Then call
on T.'. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
NKW cottage. • rooms, bath: lot 50x100: Ml»-
slon; ee.gy terms or vacant lot. 4H -Kearny «t.
nEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR sale — A beautiful country home of 10 acres
parden land, with nice orchard, new house. 3
rooms, furniture, barn, windmill, tankhouse,
farming implements; only i\i miles from -Pet-
alum* and 6 minute' walk from R. R. sta-
tion: price t:/00; this place must be seen to
be appreciated.
*•* acres adjoining;, all parden land, wlth^
orchard and barn: price KM; will sell as a
whole or subdivide; will take part mortgage.
For particulars Inquire of H. F. SURHOFF.
TOO Fourth gt. N'o agents.
DILI^flN'S BEACH for sale; finest summer re-
i=crt pi-operty on Pacific Coaet; including cot-
tAges and hotel. 900-acre ranch, hon-e^. cattle,
farming utensils: well watered. GEO. DIL-
LON. Tomalet. Marln County. Cal.
TO LEASE— Father ranch. San Pablo Creek.'
CoMra Costa County: lloO acres; 250 acreq
grain land; well watered; railroad facilities.
In perton to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
PRINTED I'.rt: farm* and c!ty property ex-
ct-anged and gold. M. GRIFFIN. 715 Market.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
t
! BERKELEY REAL ESTATE."
j 1 .. — — . —
i tSOO— XKAT cottage of 5 rooms; rood size lot;
; splendid well of water, uiivinnll and tank;
! worth 11500. O. G. MAY tz CO.. Berkeley.
' $1.000— LOVELY new modern house of 8 rooms
In th* Scenic Park, adjoining university
grounds; large rornt-r lot; streets Improved;
I owner cant East. O. G. MAT &' CO. ¦ •
! $3000— JUST completed; pretty J-«tory house,
including all furniture, of new and pretty de-
! signs. O. G. MAY & CO.
! $??F0 — JUST completed; cottage house of 5
I rooms; modern In every respect: electric light-
ing; connected with gas and water mains;
fronting oh Telegraph ave. and within ten
minutes' walk of the university: a perfect
poem. Apply to MASOX & McLENATHEN,
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY.
Safe Investment for $75CO; block of land favor-
ably located near ccminir Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916 Market
St.. S. F. ¦
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND nEAL ESTATE. '.
j jjj-.-u-L-. . i.-uu----.--.----.--.-.-i.-i--.--.--^-u-.-.-^--- -i--i.i-i.-.^.i-.- -u-.nfL-m.^
1 J3'X»— 25xlU); ON north Bide Thirteenth, near
j Center. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and
j Fourteenth ets.
i LE£S than $15 per foot may buy it: make offer;
' corner; 120x148; on Grove st. (the boulevard
I of Berkeley), near Dwiyht 'way; street work
! done. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth sts. ' •
I llw,o— SUNNY fide Edwards St., near Telegraph
• ave.- two-gtoiv. 6 rooms; new and up to date.
! BELDEN & COOK. Washington and Four-
' tf-enth sts.
i *2SrnJ — !2iO DOWN, balance flat: two-story. 6
r«ns, porcelain bath and sink, bhades and
: pas fixtures; Just finished; In Berkeley. n.e^r
Dwifht way station. BELDEN & COOK.
I Washtrgton and Fourteenth sU.
j |U«0— 'WBST side Center St.. near Tenth; 6
I rooms and bath: In first-class condition out-
j eide and in: lot 25x136. BELDKN & COOK,
Washington and Fourteenth ets.
| $1450— CAMPBELL st.. near Fourteenth: 6
rcoms. and hath; has Just been thoroughly
j renovated. BELDEN & COOK. Washington
f and Fourteenth ets.
j
j BUN ALL DAY.
A. PERFECT HOME PLACE.
'¦ K*iO— Thii cozy modern Easdake cottage of
; 5 large rooms, with extra large bathroom and
I pantry »nd front and back hall; high ba*e-
' ir.ent wirh «ash trays nond tement floor: all
: In fine condition: occupied by owner and can
be *»en at any time; lot 174x100 feet (note the
; fixe), with plenty of room for driveway and
, btrn if wanted: lawn tn front and rear; stone
! walks; stone coping: garden and a few cha^e
• trees; title perfect and warranted: street mac-
adamized, sewered and acceptpd; the nicest io-
' cation along Telegraph ave.; rapidly Improving
• !n value: only a step to ? electric llne«; this
; cost over tr.VX); reason of Felling is owner owes
J tSuCQ; readily rentable at IS*.
; See GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
j The Exclusive Agents,
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
I tl~ CASH. J10 monthly; new cottage. 3 large
I rooms; 7-foot basement: brick foundation: 4
I large level lots. MxX6. price all told $773;
I will fence and finish up to pult buyer: plenty
j. of good water: soil, climate and view the very
l>ert; close to electric car line and 90-foot-wlde
I boulevard, and not far- from model uchool-
! • house; fio fegs nor raw winds here; Westhall
i Tract. «.".Jolninff Ef.st Oakland; 10 buildings
j rcr.e up already: more ccratng; call or send for
circular. 4Sw Seventh eL, near cor. Broadway.
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES,
ev.n«?r.
I $3000— &0xl23. NEAR Telegraph ave. • choicest
: residence lot In Oakland; will exchange equl-
i ty for city property. Address box 122, 31S
Bush st. _^
OAKLAND HOUSBS TO LET.
TO let— 4 furnished rooms. 161! Fifteenth sf.,
1 bet. Peralta and Campbell, West Oakland.
OAICLAXI> FCUMTl'ItE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from II. Sche'.lhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
nOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT C2 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 50 to $2 W
per wk. ; single and double. $1 to t? £0 per wk.
I BYCE. CX oft Geary— Four nice, large, sunny
r ¦¦->¦.. i? to let v.Hli large yard and basement;
j rent S3.
} Bt*SH.' T26— Part of dwelling, floor of four un-
j furnished rooms for hskpg. ; bath; sink; $16.
i CAPP, 5;z— To let, 5 or t large sunny rooms
| for housekeeping. x
CAPP. 552 — To let, 4 or 6 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 34B. nr. Market— Large eunny back
parlor and regular kitchen; furnlched for
housekeeping; private family; bath.
ELLIS. 780— Two nice furnished rooms »ult-
I able for housekeeping.- ~\ ¦
j KLLIS. 1127— Housekeeping; nicely furn'shed
> front room; grate: folding ted; kitchen- gas
J . stove. :- r .
! ESSEX place. 1. eff Efsex St., Rlncon Hill— 3
I rooms for haekpg. ; bath: hot and cold water.
j FOLSOM, «&— Nice front furnished rooms for
i housekeeping ; cWeap. . . ..*¦
i HOWARD. 10C2>4— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also ethers. .. . . •
HYDE. 712— Two unfurnished rooms to let for
house!: et-plng.
JESSIK, nt. off Ninth, near Market— 2 sunny
unfurnished rooms. $7.
LEWIS. ]S. off Taylor, near Post-3 unfurnished
end furnif-hed rooms to let.
MAI'.KCT. IKS. cpp. Tenth— Large sunny ni-
co\ f. J.; comfortable kitchen n^.l bedroom. $7.
! OAK. 117—2 eunny parlors furnished for house-
] gke*plng.*|U; ajngie room, same. $S; telephone.
OTAIHIKLL. 7<2— Tvro or three^neatly fur-
i nUhed rooms fcr housekeeping. $11 to $20.
PINE, 704— Sunny front suite; furnished; stove,
folding bed; running water; no bill; $15 30.
PINK, lit* — Rooms for housekeeping; furnished;
or unfurnished : also sunny alcove room.
TEHAMA. 478. n^ar Sixth— Three furnished
rooms complete for hou«eke#Ding, $11.
TENTH, 136— Sunny room furnished for house-
keeping.
THIRD. 340-One punny room; furnished for
housekeeping; rent ?> month.
VAN NE.<S are., 43— Front sunny rocms for
housekeeping. $1S a month: also large frcnt
room for 2 persons. J12 and $S; front Van Ness.
CLASSIFIED advertlseni*nts and subscript lens
received at Call branch oflice. S20O Fillmore »t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertl«em?n:s and
Fubscriptlons has been >stab)i?nsd at 1056
Valencia st. * *
ROO3IS TO LET Kurn. nnd I'nfnrn.
A-B^m?N¥wl[oriwuiET^4T"BiVu^n^
2Us to $1 per night, $125 to tj.pw week, and
.light housekepplng; open all night. ' -
UOHE1UA. 23» PQ8t— Finest . *nr.ny pultn In
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; epeeial occommodatlon for tourists. ;¦.•
BURNETT, U2B Market (old - No. lW4)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. eu'tes. single; also -unfurnished.-
BUSH. MO— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; $1'W to J7
*k.; 25c to U 00 night. MKS. P. RANFT. ;
¦ rnLLA pi.; lO. off PowelU'bet. Bush and Pia*~
Klfpar.t sunny rooms; modern tmprovenienu.'
FOLSOM. tt(J,,nr. Fourth— Furni^hld rooms, $1
per. week. '/ ." . . ,
FOLSOM. . WS. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New f ur-
nlssed eunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.'
ROOMS- TO LET— Fnra. nnd I'nfnrn.
GEARY, 556— Elegant eunny suite; other pleas-
ant rooms; prlv. light -housekeeping; phone.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., S36i-Eunny front room,
nicely furnished; suitable for t. ..;;¦-.•¦-.
GRAND 60UTHEP*N. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sta.— Sunny rooms, en sulta or
single; ladles' parlor; readlng-rpom; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco — Elecant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KINO,' Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 629— Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
25c to tl night: also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE, S7S| nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, ?>; housekeeping, $9.
LASPALMAS. 1S20 Market st.-Sulte of 2 or 8
rms.: private; hath: sin. rms.: board optional
MARKET, 105C— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
transient or by week. MISS I.. DEAN.
MINNA. C67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
•bay- window room, Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. S3C— Elr^ant suite parlors, suitable
for doctor or other professional gentleman.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished roams and
offices; elevator; electric lights"; day. wk., mo.
POWEKL. 121 — Ll^ht, clean rms. ;. suites or sin-
f?Ie; transient; runn.ngf water; rytes reduced,
POWELL. 509— A new and very nicely furnish-
ed front and back room.
I POWELL. 612A— Pleasant «uite cf rooms; large
sunny front room and others; reasonable.
POWELL. 903. near Sacramento— J, 3 or 4 un-
furnibhed rooms; marine view; sun all 'lay.
ROS-EDALE Hcuse. 315 and S21 Ellis St.— Koirr.a.
night t&$ to Jl. U'ei'k $1 35 to *4: open night.
ROYAL MOUSE, H6 Ellis 7t.-Ineandescent
light; rea-ling-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rrxms, per night. iZc to $1 50; week, J2
to »S; month. $8 to J20: elevator on ofSce licor.
rooms wlili het and cold water: baths..
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2$ Eighth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. ns.VA- *2 or 3 furnished rooms;
I use of kitchen if desired; cheap.
BOUTff PARK, 47— A nice furnished room, sun-
ny and pleasant, in private family; terms rea-
sonable.
TENTH, ?88 — 2 furnished front rooms, single
and double.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rccmins house
I for g-od people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
WILLOW AVE.. SO. b?t. Larkin and Polk <>ts.—
Unfurnished large alcove and adjoining room,
with bath. ¦« ' s..s-.~.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch oftlce, 2*00 Fil'.roore st.
A BRANCH office fr.r Call advertisement* and
FUbFcriplions has been^estabiished at 1096 Va-
lencia st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for tl,
postage paid.
nooiis am) r.oAiin.
ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Bea,utlfully fumlJ-lied suites or single rooms;
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers: exceptionally at-
tractlve Interior and table. 507 California st.
uoomv wa.\ti;o.
ROOMS In exchange for lossonsi In shorthand,
bookkeeping.. English branches, etc. 3007
Fillsiore st.
2 UNFURNISHED rocms wanted by gentleman
and sister: mu«t be downtown and in a prl-
vate family. Box 19S7. Call office.
SPECIAL
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the b«?st; safe, reliable: take no other;
terd 4c stamps for particulars'. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
ROOMS rar-ered from 12 50; whitened, tl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons en earth.
PORE. 13${LMarket st.; above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or orujntry. PACIFIFC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. roomy 9-10: tel. S5S0.
STOIIAGE AXD WAItEHOUSES.
WILSON EROS., storage and moving; covered
vane. .Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ftoraee and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany^ ZZIO Flllmore ,st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIXS Van nnd Storage Co.. 712 Mission St.;
It-l. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWI.\Ci MACIU.YES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boueht. enld and repairing' sruaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1M5 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. JP5 Fourth st:
TYPEWRITEnS AM) .SUPPLIES.
GP.EAT BA RGAINsT>T TV PIE WRITER S^tVe
yell better machines for lee* money thin any
houre in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Kx-'neripc. :zc, California, telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, $5 month payments.
ItEVALK. 409 California st. ¦
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend^o71?Uwenty-
five cents per Fhare) of the Kllanea Sugir
l'lantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 227 Maricet st., on and
after WEDNESDAY. August 15, liOO. Trans-
fer books closed on Thursday, August 9, 1900,
at 3 o'clock p. ra.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS fcr Oats and Hay— Depot~Quar^
tcrmnster's office. 36 New Montgomery St..
Han Francisco. Cal.. August 13. 1900.— rValed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., August 23.
19C0, Pacific standard time, and then optned
for furnlshlne 3CC0 tons Oats and laOO tons
Compresf ed Hay. . Preference will be given
to articles of domestia production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including In the pries of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture -the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production aud manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
service there. The , United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any. or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
b'anks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals will
be Indorsed "PropoFals for Oats and Hay," .
end addressed to Major OSCAR F. LONG,
Quartermaster, U. S. Vols., Depot Quarter-
'. master, ' ,
CONSTRUCTION of *ewer— Sanitiysr Dl«trlct
No. 1 of Marln County, • Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a syttem Qf sewers In
Ross Valley. Marin County, as per plan* and
j Fperlflcatlons on rile with the «ecrefary.
Rtcht reserved to rej»ct any and All bids.
"'¦¦I ladders will nlease cal! hetween the hour* of
** a. m. and 12 m.. and t and. 4 p. m. All hldi
- will be opened tit o meetlne of the Sanitary
Hoard, to b» held at the office of the secre-
. tarytfon Friday. Aupr. 17. at 11 o'clock a.m.
Each hid must be accompanied by a certified
'£rbeck for 5 per cent of the amount of the bid.
- The Fuceessful bidder will be required to fur-
nlzh a ratisfactory bond for the full amount
¦ of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN, President.
T. R. RKRRV. Spc. 150 Sutter st.. S. F.
MAFvBIA3E_ LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yeylerda;':
. Carl O. Tiedeman, 29. Vallejo. ' and Auguste
Ubrer T3. 1314 Scott street.
Edward J. Cechcttlnl. 23,, Sacramento, and
Teresa Neero. 21, Ban Francisco.
Carl A. Schneider. 12, 28 Lynch street, and
Elizabeth L«mm«, 24. b Lynch street.
Julius P. Antone, 29. San Francisco, and
Hattie Posner, 54, San Francisco., .
Antcnio AhKrano, 37, -S2 Jessie street, and
Guadaiupe- Gorizales, Ti. 72Hi Broadway. -.
John A. Hegprhorst, 39, 2401 Hush street, and
Matilda Kuhlmann, C6. *3P7 Ninth street.' •
H. Ulnke Kranklin. 24; 459 Sutter Ftreet. and
Amelia ,U. Campodonlco, 22, 617 Greenwich
street. - -- . *„¦ " . » ' , ¦
William I. Dq3\ 24, 423^ Hyde utrret, and
X«"ttle C. Macbeth. S3. 4;3>4 Hyde street.
CaorKt- V. Smith. 24. 923 Grove street, and
Lizzie A. Davis. 22. 809 Stelner street.
David D. McWade,' C5^ Oakland, and Anne
E. Ftewart, 45, Napa. "
Qulnto VUinl. 2?. 1«C« Mason street, and
Odorice Oalli, iS. 1CC6 Mason street.
Louis Ducroux. 3S, 1113 Powell street, and
Juliette C. On<ier. 37 Powell street. - ,
Curtis A. : Bolton, 57, Gait, and Ray McKay,
22. Oalt,' ' • - - - r ¦ ¦ • • .,.¦ • . ¦ .
-John "13. Bllck, SO. San Francisco, ¦ and Rose
B. I'hilllns, 25, fan Frcnclsco. ' ¦
Charles H. Hoyt, SI, Vallejo, and Lou Swift,
2C. Valle'o. ' " . ' '
Charles G. C. Gad. 42. 1K6 Kearny utreet. and
Marcaret J. M. P., Debus, 36. 1606 Kearny
gtrc-ft. ' ¦¦-:--
' ¦ BIRTHS— MARRIASES—DEATBS^
- Birth,' marrl«ge" ands death * notices ; sent- bj;
mall will not bo inserted. They must be handed
in at either of- the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence. of per-'
sons authorized to. have the same published. :--
• BORN.
FISHER— In this city, August 13, 1300, to the
wife of Joseph Fisher of Llvermore. Cal.; a
' non. • . ¦' ¦ - '- ¦ , ¦ .*¦¦--..¦' ."-- ' ¦" -'
FEAGLOR- Tn this' city. August 3, 1900. to the
wife of Frank A. Flaglor, a son. . • - - .
HCGHES-^In this city, August 1L 1 1900, to the
wife - of David . Hughes,"' a son. ,-' . :
HOG AN— In this city. August 5,-1900, to • the
wife ct Captain Charles J. Hogan, a daughter.
- --.... - . -. .. . - % ?
HARRIS— In this city. August 11. 1900. to the
wife of M. Harris, a son. /. .
KILUNOER-In LewlstOn,' Idaho,* Augurt- t,
19C0. to the wife of John W. Killlnger (nee
Aldrldga, formerly of Stockton), a son.
LEWALD-Aupist U. 1900. to the wife of Sam
Lewald of Selraa, Cal.. a daughter. . .
ROSE— In this city, August 3. 19OT, to the wife
of Hugh Rose, a son.
MARRIED.
LEE— ELLIS— In Reno, Nev., November 25,
1S99, by the Rev. F. V. Jones, John H. Lee
and Mary E. Ellis.
KOSBNBAUM— TULLT- In Auburn, Cal.. Au-
gust 11. 1900, by the Rev. Father Van Schle.
Allarich H.. Rosenbaum of Ean Francisco
and Rose E. Tully of Stockton.
D1EB.
Bayless, William F. McNalley, Mary A.
Carroll, James Olsen, Hilda A.
Doud. William A. •¦ Flgott. Jnmes
Dudgeon. Janie Pooley. John C.
Dunne. Bridget C. Porter Clara A.
Egsers. H.' Fred " • "Rafferty. John B.
Friberg. John • Rlley. V.'lnnie
Hart, John Ruply, Katharine >
Kane, Mary Tcmnleman. Jnhn
¦ Keeler. James E. .T»rrler, Frank F.
Kelly. Thomas W. .Warren," Bessie T,
Kenniff, Koee Wheaton, William R.
Merchant. Joseph A. Wilbtr, Asa P.
McMahon.: Michael : ;
BAYLESS— In thl* city, August 13, 1S00. Wil-
liam V.. beloved husband of May E. Bayless,
and father of Ruth and Margery Bayless, a
native of San Francisco, aged 42 years 10
months and * 6 days. •
CARROLL— In lliis city, August 13. 1600. James
Carroll, a native of Ireland. a<ed 64 years.
(C5"Remalns nt the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., 7C7 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.. ;
DOUD-In th|s city. August 11. ISOn, William
A., beloved husband of Octavla Doud. and
father of Royal A. and William K.. and son of
Aaron and Flora H. Doud. and brother of
Mrs. H. B. Edward*, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 4 months ami 17 days.
[ETFnends and acquaintance are r-'«D-»ct-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), ar » o'clock, from the Masonic
TVrnple, corner 1'ost and Montsomcry street*
.where services will be held under the auspices
of Extelslor LndKe No. Mi, F. and A. M. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
Di;DC;EON— In thl* city. August 13. 1900. Janle
Dudgeon, beloved mother of William W..
Jchn A. and.Grorge E. Dudgeon and Mrs.
Lottie Rretton. a native of Ireland, aged 75
years.
E7Notlce of funeral hpreafter. Remains at
the Mortuary Chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, S4I9 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
DUNNE— A solemn requiem high mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated for. the rerose of the
soul of the late. Bridget Cecelia Dunne, at St.
Urigld's Church, this day (Tuesday). Au-
gust 14. 13W). commencing at* ? o'clock. Frtenoa
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited' to
attend.
EGGERS— In this city, August 12. 1900, H.. Fred
Eggers, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged
63 years and 6 months.
OTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh arid Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery,
FRIBERG— Inthii" city, August 1!, 1S00. John,
beloved husband of Emma Frlberg and father
of Mildred N. Friberir. a native of Sweden,
aged 30 years 11 months and 23 days. >
HART— In this city, August IS. 1900, John
Hart, beloved brother of Lucy Brown, a na-
Alve of Cork. tf Irelar.d t aged 81 years.
KANE— In thirdly. August 10, Mary, beloved
wife of the late Robert Kane, and beloved
mother of Richard Kane, and sister of John
Heany, a native of Clifton, County Gulway,
Ireland, aced 64 years. — - . ,
(C7"Th« funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. Jl Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's, corner of California and
Dupont streets, where services wtjl be held'
for the rexwse of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private, in Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KEELER-ln this city. August 12. 19C0, James
Edward Keeler. late director of the Lick Qb-
ssrvatory. a native of ; Illinois, aged 42 years
11 months and 4 days.
iny Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at Grace
Church, corner Stockton and California
streets. Interment private.
KELLY— In this city. August 13, 1800. Thomas
¦ W., Infant son of Aggie and the late Thomas
W. Kelly, and grandson of Mary J. Kelly
and Mrs. M. Mullen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aseu 1 month.
KENNIFF— In this city. Auguct 12. 1900. Rose,
dearly beloved daughter of C. A. and Emily
Kennin*. and sister of Agnes, Clare, Gerald
and Joseuh Kennlff, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 12 years 6 months and 4 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock. from the
residence of her parents, 2616 Larkln street,
th?nce to St. Brlgld's Church, Van Ness
avenue and Broadway, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Hqly
Ctoib Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MERCHANT— In this city. August 11. 1900,
Joseph . A. Merchant, beloved son of Annie
Merchant of Auburn, Maine, a native of
Maine, aged S8- years. A member of Uni-
versity Lodxe No. 144, I. O. O. F., Oakland,
Cal.
' C7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street. . Interment Hallowell, Maine.
McMAHON— In this . city, August 12, 1S00.
Michael McMahon. a native of Carnacalla,
Ktlniflh, Countv Clare, Ireland, aged 4S years,
(?"•Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
ft Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter. ¦ ?
McXALLEY— In this city, August 11, 1900, at St.
Mary's Hospital. Mary A., beloved wife of the
late John McNalley. and mother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Allman. Mrs. W. Wetherell. Mrs. Alice
Valiant and William. Eddie and Emily Mc-
Nalley, a native of Ireland.
(T~The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41"Van Ness avenue,
J thence to 6acred Heart Church, corner Fell
and Flllmore stree.ts, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:15 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city, August 12, 1900. Hilda A.,
beloved daughter of Hans and Caroline M.
Olsen, and lister of Oscar, Marie, Herold
nnd Matilda Olsen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 9 months and 4 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-m«rrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the family
residence. S2S Jersey street, near Castro. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
POOLEY— In this city, August 13. 1900, at 418
Sutter street, John Carblg, beloved husband
of Anne Pooley, a native of England, aged
65 years.
CTRequlem high mass will be sung at St.
Mary's (Paullsts') Church, Thursday, Au-
gust IS. at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
.Cemettrj'.
PORTKR— In this city, August 12. 1900, Clara
' f, A., ; beloved daughter of Edward and Ida C.
N. Porter, aged 14 years 4 months and 22 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesffay), August . 14,. 1900, from Laguna-
• street Church, between Golden Gate avenue
and MoAlllster street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.. ' .....
PIOOTT— In this city, August 12, 1000, Mary,
widow of the late James Pigott, a native of
Ireland, aged 75 yeara and 11 months.
uirThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock; from the south-
east . corner of Oak • and Webster streets,
thence to Sacied Heart Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9;30. o'clock. Interment private. Please
. omit flowers. ¦
R1L.KY— In this city, August 12. 1900, Winnie
Rtley, a native of Oregon, aged If years 11
months and 11 days.
¦ |E7"Remalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 7G7 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter. • '/
RAFFERTY— In this city, John n. Rafferty, a
native of Mnfsachusetts, aged 67 years.
C3*Rcrnains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. ; 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereatter. .
RUPLT— In this city. August 13, 1900, . Katha-
rine Ruply. beloved mother of Mrs. B: Harter.
Mrs. J. Titus and Mrs. P. Kane, a native
of Germany, aged 69 years and 10 months. .
tu7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Wednesday)," at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mjts. P. Kane, 2023 McAllister street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
TERRIER— In this city, August 13, 1900, Frank
F., husband of Cleamires Terrier, and be-
loved father of Frank F. Jr.. Eugene an.l
Albert A. Terrier, a native of France, agsd
66 years. J. .
TEMPLEMAN— In this -city, August 12, 1900.
John Templeman, a native of England, aged
56 years.
• (C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday}, at 10 o'clock, from the. funeral
parlors of Porter & White, : 122 .Eddy street.
Interment private. , . • '
WAKREN— Drowned in - San Francisco Bay,
near: Belvadert.- July. 15, 13C0. Bessie True
¦Warren,' only daughter ofrC. A. and Ada W.
'»*„ Warren, ¦ a native of -San Franclaco, , aged . 19
•, years 6 months and 8 days.
E7The funeral service* will take place
,¦ this day ~ (Tuesday), <¦ at * 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. : 2215 Van Ness avenue. Fun-
• ' eral and : Interment strictly private. ..
WHEATON— In Nome. July 27. 1300. of pneu-
monia,. WUHam Rufug Wheaton, son of Mr.
,¦ and Mrs. Oeorge H. Wheaton, brother ~ of
,' ! George : B. Wheaton • > and. Mrs. Edson ¦ F.
Adams. . a native of .' Oakland."' Cal., ¦ aged 2S
, years and 3 months.
v CT'Tp.e • fui:eral services . Trill take place
to-morrow, •< Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of the parents, 154 Lake street,
Oakland.' Interment private. '
W1LBER-In thls> ' city,:. Aueust 11. 1900, - A»a.
Parker, son of ¦, the .-. late Captain . Jeremiah
..Wllber, , a native of Mystic, Conn., aged 50
years. ¦ . ¦ ' •• ¦ .^. '¦.-¦'¦¦.¦-¦•...
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.;
; (Successors to Flahnagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
. tO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South SO.Decision May Have . an Important Bearing on ¦; tine Cases * off Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, Convicted of the Poisoning . of Mrs. Dunning, and : of
Former Constable Albert Brandes of Berkeley.
¦ ¦ ¦ * .. ¦
THE Supremo Court has again , de
cided that Albert Frederick George
VereneseneckockockhofE, otherwise
known as Albert Hoff, the murderer
of Mrs. Mary Clut?, shall have a new
trial.
It is believed that this decision will be
far-reaching. Thtrc. are now before the
court two important cases, In?« which
the charges to the juries were based
upon the same lines as those given
in the Durrant and Hoff: cases. Mrs.
Cordelia Botkln is under sentence
of death for murdering Mrs. . Dun
nirig by the means of poisoned candy sent
to Delaware from this city. Brandes," the
ex-constable of Berkeley, Is likewise un
der sentence of death for murdering his
daughter. Both cases are on" appeal be
fore the Supreme Court, and it is certain
that in the Brandes case the decision of
yesterday will be taken advantage of, as
Attorney Shaw is interested in both the
Brandes and the Hoff appeals. ; The Bot
kln case com^s - up for hearing in \ the
course of a day. or so in the Supreme
Court.
The conviction of: Hoff was based prin
cipally upon circumstantial evidence and
In his Instructions to tho jury Superior
Judge Cook dealt at length withthe law
of this sort' cf evidence, motive and in
sanity. An appeal was taken to the Su
premo Court. ' ~. < .
After considerable . dolay ' the ; higher
tribunal handed .down, a decision giving
HofT another trial. The reversal ; of- the
judgment and , order of Judge Cook^was
caused by the latter's instruction to ~ the
jury. The Supreme Court held that*' the
Superior Judge had gone too far" in his
discourse to .{he jurymen- upon * the : . sub-
The Supreme Court, In Its decision yes
terday, affirming its . first decision/re
views those cases at length and still
maintains that in charging a Jury the
Judge should deal exclusively with the
law and allow the Jurors to be judges of
the facts, and that instructions and
charges going elaborately Into matters
which the /jury alone should deal with
were infractions of the rights of/the ac
cused, S being- likely to make impressions
upon the minds of the Jurymen.
The* prevailing opinion was written, by.
Chief Justice Beatty and concurred in by
Justices Harrison, Henshaw and Temple.
Justice McFarland dissented. Justice Ga
routte wrote a dissenting opinion, which
was . concurred in by. Justice Van Dyke.
Thus' the court was \ divided by four to
three. Justice . Garoutte Bays that the
second trial is- ordered"; upon the ground
that the Jury was wrongfully instructed
as to. the law of circumstantial evidence.
He regards the charge simply as too long
and ,too analytical. He sees nothing: 1 to
warrant a second . trial . of Hoff. Judge
Cook's charge should have been taken
as a'whole arid not by isolated sentences
taken therefrom. He thinks the conclu
slons reached by. the majority of the'Jus
tlces are too technical and that. Justice
should not be defeated upon such 'grounds.
appeal. He maintained that Judge Cool
had not exceeded his prerogative In hi!
charge to -the jury, as he 'I hadifollowec
along- the same" -lines 'as' those -in th<
charge to the jury which convicted Dur
rant, to which no exceptions were taker
by the higher cpurt. He further, cited
cases of a similar nature in many. of the
Eastern States of the Union.
Fomr Jaaslflces Say Jaadge Cook of tlhe Sniiperioir Bennch
•Went Too Far ie Has Charge to
MURDERER ALBERT HOFF
GRANTED A NEW TRIAL
BY THE SUPREME COURT
THE SAST FEAyCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 14,-1900.
National Guard Outing.
Companies C • and G of the First In
fantry, N. G., C. will on Saturday have
an outing to Fairfax Park. They will bo
Joined by Company D of San Rafael and
will make a day of it.
LAST RITES WILL BE
, SIMPLE AND PRIVATE
Funeral of Miss Bessie Warren to
Take Place From Family Besi- -
dence To-Day. "
The funeral of the^ late \ Miss Bessie
Warren, who was drowned in the bay
waters, will take.place at the family resi
dence, at 2215 Van Ness avenue, at 2
o'clock this afternoon. The ceremonies
will be very simple. There will be no
music. Only the Intimate friends of the
family will be present. Rev. .Edward B.
Church, principal of the Irving Insti
tute, of which Miss Warren was a former
pupil, will read tho Episcopal service for
the dead. The interment will.be at the
Masonic Cemetery and will be private.
Rev. Mr. Church will offer prayer.
The wish of the family is to have the
ceremonies as quiet as possible, but
personal friends, including possibly form
er fellow students of Miss Warren at the
Irving Institute, will attend. • All day
yesterday messages of condolence were
received at 2215 Van Ness avenue, from
many friends in this city. Messages of
prief also came from abroad. The pall
bearers will be near friends of the family.
Women's Republican Club.
. tVnr»c~>« rt- •_.. ~. . _
The "Women's Republican State Cen'^.'
Club will hold an important meetinsvY'i
day « venlns at " 8 o'clock at the
clubrooms of the California Hotel. All
Horsemen Charged With .Theft:
Aug.', 13.*— Henry .^Nelson,*
v well-. known among horsemen,- has "been
arrested on a^chargeof , steallng*a*thorse
and j a*, buggy : from *'? Charles! McCleverty/
(Proprietor of " the j Fashion -. stables: *£ Nel
«sontwas" caught i a.V Santa ¦ Crua.T r 'He r is"
'accused • of I having I sold \th©', outfit *atj San
Jose. : He formerly; had a' email. string of
Shorses at; the , race « track/;but > lost T them
Building ¦ Associationitb
„ Ai petition, for. dlssolutionVwas' Sled i yes
terday: by. the Co-operative Mutual 'Build-'
Ing and JLoan Association/ Tho directors'
are p.. Rotn;- ; \Villlam : U.VBruner.iJ.vp.-'
Sons of Exempts.
At a maptins of the Sons of Exempts
last evening the following named wera
elected directors for the current term-
W. P.- Humphreys. A Trauho v v'
Kihben. W. Smith and A. Hardes. L. S
Graves was elected president. William
Clark, vice president; William G. Mc-
Klbben. secretary; p. l. Figel. treasurer,
and G. Fenstermacher. marshaL
Bierworth Again' in' Trouble. ; .» ;•>
f 'Albert Bierworth, who was . four , times
tried for ; the murder of Arthur Brown,"
whom ho killed during: a. row- and -.who
was finally, discharged, was arrested; last
night< on a warrant charging - him : - with
battery. The complaining witness Is
Charles Noe, who:accuses him of assault
ing him with a club; without provocation.*
Bierworth was released on 5300 bonds/
Board of Supervisors Sued.
The Stanley-Taylor Company has peti
tioned : the Superior^ Court for a writ of
mandate . to compel - the J Board ¦ of . Super
visors to award contracts. for: printing to
the plaintiff corporation. An alternate
writ was Issued on the filing of the con
plaint and was made returnable before
Judge Murasky on the 24th inst.
Nolan Declared Insane.
J. C Nolan, engineer, 317 Linden ave
nue, was declared insane yesterday and
was sent to the Uklah asylum. On June
17 he was beaten on the head and robbed
by Xndrew Flately and John Wright, two
young men, on the San Jose road. It la
ejsserted that the Injuries to his head
have turned his- brain.
O. M. Hunt and H. M. Robinson of the
Postoffice Department passed through this
city yesterday en route to China to in
aupurat* a military postal sys tera for the
united States in that country while the
Invasion lasts. ae
A Postal System for China,
CHOIR SINGER
CAPTURES BOLD
CHURCH THIEF
John Worth Beoples Catches
a Culprit the Police
Are After.
During- Rehearsal in Sacred Edifice
a Crook Enters, and Steals
Basso's Valuable
Overcoat. ¦¦
John Worth Beoples, a bass 1 ; singer In
Grace Episcopal Church, at. the» corner of
California and Stockton ¦ streets, 7 distin
guished himself in the role of a- detective
on Saturday night. He was robbed • while*
rehearsing with the choir in. the 'evening,
and after' reporting the matter: to the
California-street station he hustled" out
'ahead of the detectives,.- captured ' the
thief and recovered his property. ' j
Bcoples v.ent to the church early in the
evening for rehearsal. He left a valuable
overcoat over the back of 'a chair In the
anteroom and thought nothing more of It
until about 9 o'clock, when he was ready
to take his departure. He was startled to
aiscover that the coat was gone. Beforo
leavinR the premises he obtained the de-,
scription of a man who had been ' seen
slinking away from the church some time
before. This information he conveyed to
the California-street police station.
Sergeant John Duncan made a report of
the matter, and then advised Beoples to
return to Stockton street, find the officer
.on the beat and in his company visit the
pawnshops. In the meantime detectives
had been put on the case. ..
..The singer then started out on. a little
investigation of his own. He watched In
the neighborhood, carefully surveying
each person whom he met. In a short time
he caught the thief and got his coat back
He sent the crook on hi3 way 'and then
sent word , to the. police .-station that the
services of detectives wero.no longer .re
quired.-. .*.. * . .
Charley Hing Convicted.
Charley Hing, a Chinaman, was convict
ed.In the United States District Court yes
terday of. selling unstamped yen shee, or
opium scrapings.
SLOT ; : MACHINE MEN WIN
• v A VICTORY IN COURT
Jury in the Case of Frank Woenne
Charged With Paying in Coin
Acquits Him.
Saloon-keepers and others who use
nickel-in-the-slot machines and pay in
coin will be jubilant over the decision of
a Jury In Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day, afternoon in the case* of Frank
Woenne, saloon-keeper, 1075 Market street,
charged with conducting a game of
chance. A policeman played the machine
and was paid in: coin. .
The, evidence of the policeman was di
rect, and after the. arguments of counsel
! the 'Judge charged, the jury, and explained
explicitly what, -constituted a game- of
chance. The jury retired and brought in
a verdict of ' not • guilty. The jury :, was
composed ¦ of .William ¦, \ Cronin, , Arthur
Voight, Lyman V. Foster," J. S. Carberry,
George Roberts.' Paul Ottman, E. Sellon,
James Desmond,, J. B. Levy, - Thomas
Donegan, J. A. Meyer and F. W. Farren.
One or two of the jurors explained to the
Judge that they were not sure that the
defendant knew that money was paid at
the- bar. and gave him the benefit of the
doubt. Henry A. Thorn Worthen, who was
arrested at the same time as Woenne,
was convicted by Judge Cohlan last week
and fined.
A number of the machines which were
seized by the pclice over a year ago were
yesterday returned to their owners, as
they had all taken out licenses and had
agreed to conform to the law.
The success gained by the anti-boss
Republicans last Saturday night is not
sufficient to insure the defeat of - Kelly,
Crimmins, Herrin, Dibble and Wolfe at
the primary election. The warm battle
for the election of decent delegates to the
nominating conventions must .be fought
at the polls of the primary.
The anti-boss Republicans should not
make the mistake. of. conceding a single
Assembly district to Martin Kelly, and
Phil Crimmins. If the bosses are con
fronted with resolute and skillful opposi
tion at all points, they will not be able to
detach rounders from the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth Districts to confuse or
embarrass the resident voters of the
Fortieth and Forty-first Districts.
Politicians who visit tho Republican
State Central Committee and talk \ of
recognizing Crimmins and Kelly for tho
sake of promoting harmony in the party
should be on their guard. Kelly and
Crimmins would knife McKinley for
Bryan as readily as they knited Estee for
Budd, or Davis for Phelan. The Mint
Saloon bosses are in politics for percent
age on jobs and dividends on crime. They
cannot be trusted on any proposition. The
mere sight of a ballot box awakens in
each an uncontrollable desire to stuff it
or smash It. " \ ¦ • ,,,,,„
George Stone, chairman, and TA illiam
M • Cutter, secretary of the Republican
State Central Committee, have sent the
following message to the' chairmen- of
every Republican' County Committee in
California: -
Dear - Sir— While by the annulment of the
Stratton^Prlmary Law proxies are made per
missible, this committee earnestly urges the
election only of delegates to the State Conven
tion -who can and will personally • attend. -:•*,
The convention will be held Just preceding a
great event in the history of our State. It will
not only constitute the opening of the campaign
on the part of the Republican party and be con
ducted In such manner as will arouse the full
est interest and enthusiasm. In which the com
mittee will be aided by the people of Santa
Cruz, who are proud that a State convention is
to be held, for the first time, in their beautiful
city and who will spare no endeavor to sur
pass the attraction* and hospitality of other
localities in which similar political gatherings
have met in the past; but, aside from this, it
will antedate but a few days the fiftieth annt-.
versary of the admission of California into the
sisterhood of States, of which she Is the bright
est btar. Under the auspices of -the .Native
Sona of the Golden West, this 7; anniversary,
marking the half century mile post In our pro
gress Is to be celebrated In the city of San
Francisco wltJJ a magnificence befitting the
occasion, and no Californlan .who can should
fail to be present and participate.
The railway rate will be fare one way \ for
the round trip.- Return certificates for dele
gates will be furnished you, which "will include
the privilege of a stop-over at Ban Francisco
until and including: the 16th of September.
We reiterate our request for the personal at
tendance of delegates. Tours very truly, .
GEORGE STONE. Chairman.
"WTL.LIAM M. CUTTER. Secretary. , . ¦-/. ; ~ -
Republican Harmony and Success in
Campaign Cannot Be Promoted
by Recognizing Unclean and
Treacherous Politicians.
Kelly and- Crimmins Ought
toBe Opposed in Every
District.
BATTLE AGAINST
BOSSES SHOULD
BE CONTINUED
Xreon Strassman, Who Tried to Kill
His Father, to Be Examined
for His Sanity.
"Take It away; I won't eat. Liet me die
in peace, for God knows that I have suf
fered enough already."
With tears streaming down his cheeks.
Leon Strassman, who shot his father
while laboring under the delusion that the
old man was trying to poison him, thua
pleaded with Steward Kahn In the Re
ceiving Hospital last night. Kahn had
entered his cell,- where Strassman is con
tlnrd pending an examination as to his
sanity, to give him his supper. Strassman
ordered him out after declaring that hs
would. never. eat again.
" Since his arrest. Strassman has not par
taken of a particle of food. He frequently
calls for opium, but In vain. The doctors
at the hospital are satisfied that Strass
man is feigning insanity in the hope of
being saved from being eent to jail for
his awful crime.
PLEADS FOR OPIUM BUT
REFUSES TO TAKE FOOD
One Day Given Over to Dry Ques
tions of Law and Another to Be
Similarly Filled Is in
; •, • Sight.
The Fair case with its attendant contin
gent of attorneys came up before the Su
preme Court yesterday in an argument
Involving three cases, all referring to the
trust clause of the Fair -will.* They ara
all on appeal from Judge Slack's decision
breaking the trust clause.
All the Justices of the Supreme Court
were present and attorneys sufficient to
fill all the chairs and overflow on to tha
benches around the walls of the. court
room. Those active in the case during
the day were R. Y. Hayne^who spoke in,
the morning in favor of the trust clause,
and John Garber, who spoke in the after
noon against It. Each side has been lim
ited by the court to five hours, each u>
dispose of its hours as it sees fit.
Hayne's contention was that the tni3C
clause was valid because, while it might
not be. among the trusts allowed by thi
statutes of this State, it was still such ;4
trust as would be valid under the com
mon law. He contended that the common
law governed. There had been a statute,
defining "powers" of conveying land la
"ways similar to that adopted by Fair,
but that statute had been repealed, and
in repealing the statute Hayne contend
ed that the common law, upon whic.i
the statute was built, then obtained and
that under it the Fair trust was valid.
Attorney Hayse contended further' that
even if the trust clause be declared in
valid then /he words of the trust could
not be construed into a declaration of the
intention of the testator to bequeath tho
property in the manner stated in the
trust and therefore it was within tha
province of the court to direct the inheri
tance in the manner set forth, regardless
of the validity of the trust which it waa
aimed to form.
In answer Garber took up the question
of intention, advancing the idea that tho
best evidence of the intent of tho
testator was the words he used l;i
his will. There . could be no doubi
of the fact that he had desired
to create • a trust, Garber claimed, and
that trust was an invalid one. The right
• of bequeathing property was not an in
herent right, the lawyer argued, but a
privilege allowed by law. Therefore,
when a man wished to bequeath his prop
erty in any other way than according to
the law's doctrine of the descent of prop
erty, he must do so »n' the manner pre
scribed by law or his bequests could not
be considered.
Judge Garber contended that trusts
were limited by the Legislature of . this
State to certain kinds and a trust to con
vey was not among those set forth. He
continued in an effort to demonstrate
that the Fair trust was a trust to convey.
The trust was formed by the will to las: \
through the lives of the first generation i
after Fair, and it wa3 directed that thvx
the trustees must convey the property >
to the second generation, the grandchil
dren of Fair. Thi3. Garber argued was
a trust to convey to the grandchildren of
Fair and as such was Invalid under tha
laws of this State.
On the other points advanced by Hayna
Garber will touch more fully this morn
ing and then McEnerney will reply
The doctrine of trusts involves soma of
the most intricate points that lawyers
can bring into court.. There have be^n
volumes upon volumes written upon tha
subject and the arguments are inter
spersed with quotations from all the legal
V^. 9 , fr0 , m Kln * A1 & ed to th « last book
of California reports. They were just such
points as lawyers like to listen to and ko
to sleep over and they will be argued for
nearly sis hours more. —^ b
Hayne and Garber Take Up
Old Fair Will Case
Once More,
TRUST CLAUSE
AGAIN BEFORE
HIGHER COURT-
The Attorney General representing, the
lower court succeeded in having the Sn~
preme tribunal give a rehearing of fce
Ject of circumstantial evidence;: that, his
words were capable of misconstruction by
the Jury, and <. further that the instruc
tions of the court dealt with : facts, in
stead of wholly. with the law. -
12
ALBERT HOFF, \ THE SLATER
OF MRS.' MARY CLUTE.
And Cleanse the' Scalp of Crusts,
Scales, and Dandruff by
Shampoos with
Hale's.
Hale's.
And light dressings with CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes 'the
grow upon a sweet, wholesome, 'healthy
scalp when all else fails.
Millions of Women
Use Clticl.ua Soap exclusively for preservinc, purifying, and beautifying tho 6kln,
for clean? :r;p the ecalp of crests, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling
hair, for softening, whitening, and healing red, rough, and sore hands, in the form
of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and cliaSngs, or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for nlcerative weaknesses, and for many sanative
antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, and especially
mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, batb, and nursery. No amount of
jw»y«nft*irm c.».a indrico those who have once used it to use any other, especially for
preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children. Cun-
ccra. Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Cuticura, the
great skin care, Trith the purest of cleansing ingredients ami the most refreshing of
flower odors, ifo other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with
it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands.
No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with
it fox all the purposes of the toilet, batb, and nursery. Thus it combines in Okb
Soap at Ose ParcE, viz., Ttvextt-Ftvb Cexts, the eest skin and complexion
soap the best toilet and best baby soap in the world.
V»iini3P^ Coci P !et8 External sirf fntgrnal Treatment for Every Humor,
« zA S,AwLaJt <CJ* cob" 6 " 11 * ot CuTictTK* >Oap (25c), to cleanM the »kin of cruit« and
w *^^^**** scales and soften the thickened cuticle, Cuticcba Ointment (50c.),
to instantly ellay it chin-. Inflammation, arid Irritation, and soothe and
ThG SCt* SI .25 e * l « and UJtbOLVEST (We.), to cool and cleanse th« blood.
' ASiKGLE£ETl«ofteneufaclcnttocureUiemo§ttortarlni{,di«tigrurinB,
and humiliating skis, ecalp, and blood bnmora, with Ions of hair, when .ill else fails. Potteb
Dfire avt> Okth. Co-ri'.. Kola Props., Bocton. •• How to save the Hair. Hamln. and Skin." fma
< Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established In- the Oak-
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor "in
thecenterlofithe building);. where passen-
gers } can y leave >' their baggage .checks,
thereby; saving 'in the transfer of their
baggage/' our rates : being lower, n Don't
£iv» up, your checks on tho trains.! Mor-
ton< Special Delivery, 4CS Taylor »U and
CUi.llarket st. - .,»•••¦ <- ¦¦• ¦
Ladles' taller-mad-? suits, silk .skirts, .* fur.
carets; liberal ciedlt. M. Rothschild. 626 Sutter. •'
Don't 6tart on your Journey without putting
a. .bott'.e of Jesse Moore r "AA" in your grip.
tr»» Eank Stock paper for school work— be-
ware of counterfeits. MyFell-RoIlin?. 2: Clay. •
40% discount on tailor-made suits to order; 30
day3 on'x; fit guart'd. R. SIdeman. 107 Hayes.*
3 ?£^ji?y£ i J < j5
Many homes have a". piano yet r
very few people play. They I
either have • not .> tfca • ability • or - R '
the time to learn.-'".-. - : -j-. Jl ' * B
5 Althougti there be no-innsI£hS — m
talent in the home.' it^need' not - ¦'{£
despair of music now.- The 'An- "•'. E
gelus— a mechanical device- that "1
can be attached to any" piano-^? * P-
renders music equal ro'tbat'cif '? m
the masters of the pS^nbforte.- :V"H :
The Angelas uses paper rolis, -.HJ
wliich are records or the* music- BJ
» to t>e rendered.. It Is manipulated '*• S
by pumpfngr the pedals and -ua-°-» E:
Ing the etopp. as on' an organ. --Hi
A mere child can learn to .play v -m
the Aj,foUi3 In a few. lessons. 9
¦ Price* of th« ; "Atrgelus , range • B t
• from STS to $S2S. . -» • - —• •.-¦ 'Wt
Call . atifl - hear, this wonderful *, H *
•* mpslc&l invention. •. ¦ ¦?
Sfiennan," Clay ;& Co., r
;' s " Steinwa j Pi an o 0 s alsrs, ' 1
Cor..Keen3y dad Sutler «t».'. S. F. . B
Cor. ¦ litli juid ; iircmd way, > Oakland. H
"Makes -light,! flaky, delicious hot biscuits, rollsj ;
muffins and- /cmsts.^^
some. : These arequalities peculiar^ to it aloneJ
1 . . ., , , I have found the Royal Baking Powder superior to all others. ,
-J\ ' JMX\ -'¦ * •" <
j i^f now i£j
jr for thirteen days this business has been outstrip-
A .ping all past August records, but you'd never guess &L
Wp that this sale was not starting bright and new this V$
A m ° rnin^' S0 res ' 1 are the ooc^ s anc * so complete the *
.gk assortments, that is because new lots are brought for- 4k
ward as fast as the earlier lots are sold, this sale was *w
F planned for a month more of busy days, and no sign ]L
mk of lessening variety, no abatement of values, will bo
noticed for many days yet. • ' _ - ¦ - * V
W fancy ribbons—the rain- shirt waists— not cheaply W
1^ bows were not clipped close by made waists^ — not ugly and un- M
«& yesterday's great selling, there salable patterns — not old jf^
is a splendid variety to-dav. 5l >' Ies - a11 are frcsh anfl ncw : *M
W all are new ribbons, in this of th M season s most popular &
X season's choicest styles and SgSS A
A 5 olonn Ss - an( i every piece t0 sell cheap; they were made tKJ
W is pure silk. the : low prices to be the best of their kind; V*
W are remarkable— but . the qual- the removal sale is alone re- £
A . - r ltyand- beauty, of the- ribbons sponsible for the shrunken A
££& are their greatest attraction. prices. - (^
AJVXBTJSgMJfclMTS.