PRICE FIVE CEBITS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. TO.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 8.— War Office
telegrams received here from Eastern Si
beria show the' Chinese have destroyed
the railroad in several places, interrupt
ing the passage of , the through trains. The
Cossacks now. guard 2000 versts of the
frontier railroad.
CHINESE DESTROY BAILROAD.
Mr. Broderick 1 said he thought the mes
sages were on the whole satisfactory. The
country understood the policy of her Ma
jesty's Government In regard to China
was to carry on with absolute firmness
and determination the measures taken to
preserve the country's Interests.
"The allies, about 12,000 strong, attacked
the Chinese intrenched position at Hslku,
about two miles outside of Tientsin, early
this morning. The Chinese were driven
out and retired northward, pursued by the
allies, who occupied Peitsang. ' Transports
followed up the troops. By road j and
river the advance upon Peking had be
gun."
Mr. Broderick also read the following
dispatch from Admiral Bruce, filed at
Chefu August C:
"The total of killed is CO and of wounded
110. We have strengthened our fortifica
tions. We have over 200 women and chiN
dren refugees In the legation. The Chi
nese Government has refused transmis
sion to telegrams in cipher until now."
"I have to-day received your cipher tel
egram forwarded to me by the Chines©
Minister. The shell and cannon fire ceased
on July 16. but the rifie fire has continued
from the Chinese positions held by Gov
ernment troops and Boxers intermittently
ever since. The casualties since then have
been slight. Except* one private of ma
rines, all the wounded are doing well. The
rest of the British in the legation are well,
including the whole garrison.. .
L.OXDON, Aug. 8.— In the House of
Commons to-day Mr. Broderick, Parlia
mentary Secretary for the Foreign Office,
read a telegram from Sir Claude Macdon
ald, British Minister to China, received in
cipher at the Foreign Office this morning.
The dispatch was in reply to a Govern
ment message and bore date of Peking,
August 3. It was as follows:
BRITISH MINISTER
ALSO HEARD FROM
VIENNA, Aug. 8.— The commander of
the Austrian gunboat Zenta, now in Chi
nese waters, cabled that Peitsang was
captured by the allied forces August 5 and
that the Chinese troop-s fled. He adds that
there were no casualties among the sixty
men from the Zenta who were engaged.
patch from Tsung li Yamen on July 30,
which he has cabled. CHAFFER"
THROUGH Minister Wu the United States Government addressed last evening a vig
orous warning- to the Chinese officials in Peking that they would be held personally ac
countable for the safety of Ministers there. It was pointed out that if the envoys could
not be protected in the easily defended portion of Peking it was futile to suggest escorting
them to the coast. While not in a diplomatic sense an ultimatum, this memorandum is re
garded as, affording a last opportunity for the Chinese Government to arrange matters ex
cept on a basis of dictation by the powers after the entry of their troops into the capital.
In response to a demand made a month ago by the United States, and probably actu
ated by the beginning of the allies' advance, if not also by the reverse suffered by its forces at
Peitsang on Sunday, the Chinese Government has issued an edict opening free communica
tion with the Ministers in Peking, as a result of which a cipher message was sent from -Wash
ington last evening to Minister Conger.
Advices from the British Minister in Peking received in London yesterday state • that
on Friday all was well, though intermittent rifle fire by the Chinese troops and Boxers had
continued since the cessation of shell fire on July 16. Two hundred women and children are
among the refugees in the British legation. The total casualties there have been 6o killed and
I io wounded.
Further details of the battle at Peitsang on Sunday encourage the belief that the Chi
nese resistance was less than at first supposed. Washington thinks the allies' advance guard
has already reached Yansun, about one-third of the distance from Tientsin to Peking.
Reports from General Chaffee and Admiral Remey show that the Americans were
unable to participate in the fight. The early reports of seven hours of battle and heavy
losses of the allies seem to be without foundation.
Referring to the attacks on the legations in Peking the Queen's speech yesterday on
the prorogation of the British Parliament says: "The utmost efforts will be made by myself
and my allies to visit with worthy punishment the authors of this unexampled crime."
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee is to be sent to China to lead the German troops
there, and it is reported at Berlin and is generally believed in other European capitals that he
will be made commander in chief of the allied forces.
fire,'. only desultory rifie fire. The health
of the members of the legation Is com
paratively good. The wounded are pro
gressing." • v
OFFICIAL REPORTS
ON THE ADVANCE
OF ALLIED FORCES
Cables From Remeg and Chaffee
Show Japanese Took Pie
tsang Before Ameri
cans Arrived. .
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— Acting
Secretary of Btate Adee re
ceived a cable message this
morning from Consul Goodnow
at Shanghai giving the latest in
formation in his possession in regard to
the situation In China, including the op
erations of the allied forces engaged in
the advance on Peking. It was referred
to the Secretary of War and was not
made public.
The following brief dispatch was re
ceived to-day at the Navy Department
from Rear Admiral Remey. commanding
the naval forces in Chinese waters:
"CHEFU. Aug. 8. — Bureau of Naviga
tion, Washington: Taku, Aug. 6.— ChafTee
reports Japanese took Peitsang on the
morning of the 5th. Engagement over be
fore Americans arrived. Movement prob
ably continued to Yangtsun. Inform Sec
retary of War. REMEY."
This gives a some what, different aspect
to the battle at Peitsang on the 5th. as it
indicates that the American detachment
took no part in that engagement, not hav
ing arrived until after the Japanese forces
had effected the capture of the city. Ad
miral Remey confirms General Chaffee's
statement that Yangtsun is the next ob
jective point of the relief column on Its
march to Peking.
The War Department has received the
following cablegram from General Cha'
fee: ."i./V
"CHEFU. Aug. 6.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Peitsang handsomely taken
early this morning by Japanese troops,
supported by English and Americans.
Japanese loss considerable; English slight;
Americans none. Ground very limited. In
morning American troops occupied rear
position, which was to lorm turning move
ment, but were unable to form in line. We
will cross the Peiho to left bank to-mor
row morning and move on Yangtsun.
"Consul at Chefu furnished copy of dis-
EXPEDITING MOVEMENTS
OF TROOPS TO CHINA
CALT PT'REAU WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.-The War Department Is exerting- everj' effort
to IxLaw* tho movements of troops to China. Instructions were given to-day to commanding officers of the De
™rt™m«nf the Lakes Dakota and Missouri, directing them to send with all dispatch to San Francisco troops of
th^TnUre departments' under orders for service in China. The troops affected by these orders are the home bat
talion* V.f th* rirst Second Fifth and Eighth infantry- . Quartermaster General Ludlngton made arrangements '
this afternoon fnr the transportation of the battalions to San Francisco. Companies A, B, C and D of the First Infan-*
n5 B ofL; For foean Ark! and Fort Leavenworth. Kans.; Companies E, F, G and H of the Second Infantry, ¦
from Fon T^omal Kv and Columbus Barracks, Ohio : Companies : I. K. L and M. Fifth Infantry, from Fort Sheri
dan. 111., and C^nJanieV'l. K, "Li and M of the Eighth Infantry, from Fort Snelling Minn. . .. v ' ; :
G^nr-ral I udlnrton Kald this afternoon, that 'there are at San -Francisco an ample .-numbers of -'transports:, to;, convey-.
th e^?roS R atcnootoTaku.
In the United Slates lone time men and recruits will be organized into battalions, which wiir be rapidly hurried to
ChinI -S,, rlaak rtip Xfe Sfa will sail for Mahila within the next ten days, will carry.-tenneld and Colt
machine runs to Rear Admiral Remey. The Arethusa will also take a plentiful supply, of- ammunition. Brigadier
General Bufflngton, Chief of Ordnance. Is shipping Maxim Nordenfelds to China and; the Quartermaster's Department is
sending out mules to carry the weapons on their backs.
-- ' ..".••• • t II i'i t , %..t..t. • ».j_»_» « » « « t t ..»'¦».'¦»¦¦?— V—t—t-.t t. lt_-t..t..t..» «
BERLIN. Aug. 8.— The Foreign Office
has received the following dispatch from
Herr Below, fist secretary of the German
legation at Peking, dated Tsinan:
"Since July 21 the situation has not
changed. There has been neither attacks
by the troops en masse upon us nor shell
LONDON. Aug. 9. 4 a. m.— Beyond the
official dispatches given out yester
day morning the papers contain no
information of importance from
China. Thanks to the dispatches
of Sir Claude Macdonald and Rear Ad
miral Bruce there is a general disposition
to take a more hopeful view of the situa
tion.
The report of the appointment of Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee as com
xr,ander in chief of the international forces
meels with general approval.
The Rome correspondent of the Daily
Mail announces the reception there of
official dispatches from the Italian Min
ister in Peking, asserting that he lelt
Peking on July 31. presumably for Tien
tsin. This, however. Is so utterly at
variance with the action and intentions of
the other Ministers heard from that H
eeems almost incredible. If true It opens
tip an Interesting field of speculation con
cerning the fate of the Italian represen
tative.
The Chinese legation believes that the
jnembers of the foreign legations have
jiot yet left Peking, but that they -will do
6O. and declares that the edict would not
have b^en Issued had not the foreign Min
isters fiigr.ific-d a willingness to accept the
escort.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Dailj' News, wiring yesterday, says:
••United States Consul Goodnow strong
ly opposes Admiral Seymour's intention to
land 3000 troops on the ground that such
an act would not be warranted by the
circumstances and wouid be likely to
create trouble. M. Eezaure, the French
Consul, agrees to the arrangement, but
eays that if the British land forces the
French will do likewise. The Austriar.s
•will also land men. My personal opinion
Is that the landing of troops here at the
present time would be a grave mistake."
The Daily Chronicle, commenting upon
American criticism of the character of
the Chinese "news" printed in some Lon
don dallies, admits that the charges are
only too true, and that the practice of
certain papers in this respect are opposed
to the best traditions of British Journal
ism. It Joins in the American protes;
against trashy sensationalism.
Almost all the news in this morning's
papers upon which credence Is placed
comes either from Washington or direct
from British officials.
DESTTLTOBY BIFLE FIRE.
Victory of the Allied Forces on the Way to
Peking Followed by Renewed Promises
of the Chinese Government to Comply
With the Demands of the United States.
SUMMARY OF CHINESE SITUATION.
RUSSIAN REPORTED TO HAVE
LOST 500 IN PEITSANG BATTLE
GH&EU, Aug. 7.— During the engagemant on
Sunday which preceded the occupation of
Peits ang by the allies the Russians lost 500
killed^ and the British 50/ The Germans and
Japanese also lost heavily.
The road t> Peking is supposed to be open.
PROFESSEDLY
COMPLIES WITH
HAY'S DEMAND
So the • § i-rtti^department Sends
latGlphe^Messaae^to^Gon-^
aer Which Will Test
China's Slncerltu.
Special Dl?natch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.—
China has professedly complied
with Secretary Hay's demand that
the United States be permitted free
communication with Minister Conger, and
a mesrage was sent to-night to the Amer
ican diplomat in Peking, a duplicate go
ing to Consul General Gqodnow in Shang
hai instructing him to make every effort
to forward It. This message is In cipher,
and officials of the. Government are Jeal
ously guarding Its contents. If China per
mits the delivery of this dispatch and an
answer be received within a reasonable
time, much will have been' done toward
meeting the. wishes of this Government
and it will feel more disposed to act in
her behalf. 'At the same time," officials
are impressing. upon Minister" Wu that ; in
their opinion in permitting communication
between the American Minister and this
Government ; the Imperial .authorities are
doing.no more than is just and are allow
ing no more than Is due to the: American
Government and its representative. | In
his note of August 1' Secretary Hay stated
emphatically that "free communication
With our representative In Peking is de
manded as a matter of absolute right and
r.ot as a favor," and the message re
ceived yesterday from Minister Conger,
followed to-day by the presentation to
the State Department of the dispatch re
ceived by Minister Wu from the Taotal
of Shanghai, saying that an edict Issued
by the imperial . Government permits Min
isters free communication . in cipher in
dicates that the Chinese Government has
recognized the force of "the-. Secretary's
declaration. No doubt exists ' in official
circles that the | action of : the Chinese
Government was undoubtedly Influenced
by the firm tone of the Secretary's com
munication, followed.; by the advance of
the allies from -Tientsin. Speculation is
rife as to'the part^played by the reverse
of China at Peitsang in causing the im
perial. Government ; to Issue the edict. -It
was noted to-day that the edict is dated
August 5, and the ¦ battle | of Peitsang ' oc
curred early on the morning of that day.
If there is telegraphic communication be
tween the Chinese military force in front
of the allies and the capital ' the success
of the allied troops probably had a direct
bearing . upon the concession made by the
Chinese Government. But . whatever the
cause; the result is regarded , as" most
gratifying, as distinctly showing that, the
Chinese Government is weakening," so that
hope is expressed that, anticipating the
success of the foreign troops, It will ac
cord that protection to foreign Ministers
upon which the United States, In common
with other powers, insists.' In his mes
sage" of August 1 Secretary Hay rfsserted
that "no negotiations would ; seem'; advis
able, until the ~ Chinese shall put; diplo
matic representatives; of the V powers -; in
full; and free communication- with their
respective ¦ Governments and ' remove ' all
danger to their, lives and liberty."
-:_. It ' is the i latter phase of the situation
which, Is engrossing the special' attention
of the' f authorities. VUntil a -reply, is re-"
ceived ; from ' the dispatch sent 'Minister
Conger. and : until, he; announces 'that'the
legations 1 are under- proper -\ protection,'
there ' Is ¦¦ no likelihood 5 that '¦}. the ¦¦¦'• United
States " will , consider, any proposition ; ad
vanced byj China; though it ! is believed to
be "certain that 1 In opening; communication
she \was. actuated; by.; a T ; desire .to; comply
in" part I with: the wishes of; this 'Govern
ment, in order, to use it ' to her.; own'' ad-
. vantage.*-' The 'authorities * thoroughly ! un
derstand this \ phase .of 1 China's^ conduct
ahdiare ; prepared to take advantage ,bf It.
Besides "demanding "protection^ f or foreign
Ministers '¦ Secretary j Hay .urged i that L the
Imperial authorities * "place i themselves . In
1 f riendly r and - co-oneration
FIELD MARSHAL COUNT ALFRED VOX WALDERSEE. SAID TO
HAVE BEEN CHOSEN FOR THE SUPREME COMMAND OF THE AL
LIED FORCES IN CHINA. V'v
Count Alfred von Waldersee has a military reputation second to none on
the Continent of Europe. He was chief of the general staff of the Tenth
Army Corps in the Franco-German war. deputy chief of staff and quarter
master general in 1881; and succeeded Von Moitke as chief of staff of the
German army in 1SS8. He is 68 years of age, having been born at Potsdam
-in 1S32. ... . ; \tJV-T*
LONDOX. Aug. ¦ 8.— The Dally ;, Express
publishes this dispatch from Its special
correspondent:
right. 1900. by New .York Herald Publishing
Company. Itepubllcatlon of this dispatch Is
proJilblteX > All • : rights -". reserved In the
United States and Great: Britain.
Special Cable to the N'ew York Herald. Cony-
FOREIGNERS IN PEKING
WATCHING AND, WAITING
When Yangsun is taken the Interna
tional forces will have covered approxi
mately, one-third of the distance between
Telntsin and Peking. They will still have
about sixty miles ; of advance 'ahead of
them, however,, and about half of it will
be through the same character of low
overflowed land as that over which they
are now operating. Above Matou the
country becomes more rolling, though the
roads will not be any better,- as they are
practically deep .ditches, worn down some
times to the depth of eighteen feet or
more, in" the wet season almost impassa
ble and forming excellent protection for
Chinese - troops resisting the advance.
— ¦? — ;
attacking forces could advance was ,so
restricted that the - Americans were not
able to get to the firing line at all. It
would seem that the Japanese troops,
which had the right of . line, practically
rushed the Chinamen out of their strongly
fortified position before the allies could
get Into position to take part in the bat
tle. After the battle the remainder of
Sunday was probably devoted to getting
supplies forward and arranging * for the
next advance/ which General Chaffee saya
was to be on Yangsun by way of the left
bank of the Peiho. It is believed that an
advance on -Yangsun has been made, by
this time, and it is hoped that the inter
national forces met with no more resist
ance than was encountered at Peitsang.
; ST., PETERSBURG, Aug. S.— The Rus.
sian War Office has received a dispatch
from General Grodekoff. dated Kha
barovsk, August 5, announcing that
Algun had been taken by the Russians
after a stubborn fight and that the
Chinese were being pursued.
AIGUN IS TAKEN
BY THE RUSSIANS
It 13 rather heartsick work waiting
and watching for aid that does not come.
We are wondering what has happened to
cause the delay. "We hear that Sir Claude
Macdonald and Sir Robert Hart and all
the ladles are safe in some of the British
Legation buildings. So evidently all have
not been destroyed, but we cannot com
municate with them. A friendly native
has Just told us that Tun Fun Slang's
troops have gone to Tientsin to meet the
relief column. This may account for the
delay, but we are confident of relief soon.
Food has been short, but not terribly so.
though we have had to be very careful.
PEKING, July 22.— "We have had a very
trying time during the long bombardment,
but the expectation of early relief has en
abled us to keep up our spirits. The
women folk have borne the horrors of
their, position with marvelous fortitude,
even cheerfulness. Many have been
111. and children also, but there have been
no deaths save among those who died In
their defense. The Austrian and Belgian
legations have been destroyed by explo
sions. • We hear little of the Empress,
or Prince Tuan. who declared himself dic
tator, being In supreme power. There
ha.s been no attack on foreigners since
July 16. On July 19 it was rumored that •
another relief force was on Its way.
Since then we have heard nothing except
that there are many British troops within
a week's march.
General Miles Takes a Most
Serious View of the Situa-
tlon In the ;Floweru
.Kingdom.-
NEW.YORK. Aug. 8.— General Miles
to-day admitted that' it had been
his personal wish to.be sent to the
Philippines to take a general view
of; the situation, but said he did
not presume to understand why his ad
vice had been rejected thus far.
General Miles, discussing the situation,
said that he regarded it as very : serious.,
"China," he said, "is a bad country for
troops to move, through. ..-• Serious obsta
cles are to be encountered in forwarding
munitions of war- and supplies.' I see a
force of 15,000 Chinese soldiers are report
ed to be within a day's march of Tientsin.
It Is possible they may strike in behind
the relief column and threaten its line of
communication. It would be a serious
matter were the 'column cut off, as there
is no supporting force to rush to Its aid."
He said the United States should be able
to get 5000 troops into China within, a
month.
' ', Continuing, General Miles said: "I am
not surprised at the fight the Chinese are
making. It : Is well known among those
who follow, events in* the "Flowery King
dom that that, Government has been stor
ing and making, preparations for the past
seven years. They are an' ingenious peo
ple." - _ . .
MAY RETARD THE
ADVANCE OF THE
RELIEF COLUMN
Difficulty In Moving Supplies
to ¦ the Front and There \ Is > :
Yet Much Hard. Work
• Ahead for the Allies.
Special : Dispatch to ¦- The Call.
EAL.L.* BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. ; WASHINGTON, Aur. 8.—
.The difficulty in moving supplies to
¦the front will : probably retard Uhe
international forces more than, the
opposition • of the : Chinese, : in the ; opinion
of army officers based upon General Chaf
fee's T dispatch -received' to-day. It -will be
noted : that j General Chaffee - says nothing
about seven 'hours; and a half of fighting
or about the extremely heavy losses of the
international ?- troops ;" reported r In -the \ dis
patches v f rom • Bear /Admiral ; Remey . and
Commander -Taussig; based ,on the ; first
rumors; that • founds their; way down Ito
TaVcu. • ' General I Chaff ee's ' dispatch seems
to i Indicate :, t&at .; the .- battle .was of short
duration arid that the area, over which the
DEFENSES OF P£ KING-REPAIRING GANG AT WORK ON THE WALL OF
THE TARTAK LllY.
- From the Dally Graphic.
•¦The procedure was very leisurely, being regulated by a- man who, standing in front, shouted a. solo in a nasal fal
setto which was resDoTded to by the laborers by a short chorus of a similar quality as they delivered a light blow
wYth 'their tampl. Each of ' these ornamented on top or by a big red tuft, enabling the leader to more readily de
tect the shirkers."
with the relief expedition," but this has
not been done, nor Is it likely to be done
until the preliminaries have been arranged
through Washington.
Minister Wu also presented to the State
Department an Imperial edict detailing
the steps taken to escort the Ministers
to Tientsin and giving as a reason for
them that order has not been 1 restored In
Peking and that the precautionary meas
urestaken > for them may ( not secure ab
solute / safety."; It is apparent that his
edict . was issued at the about the time
when Minister Conger's dispatch left
Peking and his view of the situation is
totally different from that entertained by
the imperial authorities, as he declares
that It will be certain death for the Min
isters to leave Peking, and no doubt is
entertained by the authorities that the
Chinese officials appreciate this as much
as do the Ministers themselves.. It is the
expectation of the Government that the
Ministers will remain in Peking until they
are relieved by the allied troops, and the
latter are moving as rapidly as passible,
so as to rescue them before their small
supply of ammunition and food gives out.
SAYS CHINA HAS
BEEN PREPARING
FOR SEVEN YEARS
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, \-} AUGUST 9, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 190CK
. This Is the commercial argument. It ts based
upon the theory that war can be rightly waged
for pecuniary advantage and that It Is profit
able to purchase trade by force and violence
Franklin denied both of those propositions!
When Lord Howe asserted that the acts of Par
liament, which brought on the Revolution, wete
necessary to prevent American trade from pass
ing Into foreign channels. Franklin said:
•To me It seems that neither the obtaining
nor retaining of any trade, however valuable.
Is an object for which men may Justly spill
each other s blood. . That the true and , sure
means of extending and securing commerce ar
the goodness and cheapness of commodities
and that 'the profits of no trade can ever b«
equal to the expense of compelling It maA boiJt
The permanent chairman of the last Repub
lican National Convention presented the pe
cuniary argument in all Its baldness when ro
said: "We make no hypocritical pretenses of
being Interested in the Philippines solely on
account of others. While we regard the wel
fare of those people -as a sacred trust, we re
gard the welfare of the American people first
We see our duty to ourselves as well aa ta
others. ' We believe In. trade expansion. By
every legitimate means within the province of
"government and constitution we mean to stim
ulate the expansion of our trade and open new
markets." «3URMMBHHHMMaflt£'
Ths first argument Is addressed to the na
tion's pride and the second to the nation's
pocketbook. The third Is Intended for th-»
church member and the fourth for the partisan.
It Is sufficient answer to the first argument
to say that for more than a century this nation
has been a world power. For ten decades it has
been the most potent Influence In the world.
Not only has It been a world power, but It has
done more to affect tbe policies of the human
race than all the other nations of the world
combined. Because our Declaration of Inde
pendence was promulgated, others have b««n
promulgated; because the patriots of 1776 fought
for liberty, others have fought for It; becausa;
our constitution was adopted, other constltu-*.
tlons have been adopted. The growth of the '
principle of self-government, planted on Ameri
can soil, has been, the overshadowing political
faith of the nineteenth centry It has mads
this nation conspicuous among the nations ami
given It a place In history such as no other
nation has ever enjoyed. Nothing has b*-m
able to check the onward march of this l<lea.
I am not willing that this nation shall ca*t
aside the omnipotent .weapon of truth to sells
again the.weapon of physicial warfare. I would
not exchange tht. glory of this republic for tha
glory uf all the empires that have risen and
fallen since time began.
Growth of American Policy.
Some argue that American rale In tha Philip
pine islands will result In the better education
of the Filipinos. Be not deceived. If we ex
pect to maintain a colonial policy we shall not
find It to our advantage to educate th» people.
The .educated Filipinos are now in revolt
against u» and the most Ignorant ones have
made the least resistance to our domination I*
we are to govern them without their consent and
give thorn no voice In determining- the taxes
which they must pay. we dare not educata
them, lest they learn to read the Declaration of
Independence and the constitution of the United
States and mock us for our Inconsistency. The
principal arguments, however, advanced by
those who enter upon a defense of Imperialism
are: • •
First— That we must Improve the present op
portunity to become a world power and enter
Into International politics.
Second— That our commercial Interests In tha
Philippine Islands and In the Orient make It
nectary for us to hold the Islands perma
nently.
Third— That the spread ot the Christian re
ligion will be facilitated by * colonial policy.
Fourth— That there la no honorable retreat
from the position which the nation has taken.
which the nation rests: It can employ force In
stead of reason: tt can substitute might for
right; It can conquer weaker people: It can ex
ploit their lands, appropriate their property and
kill their people, bat It cannot repeal the moral
law or escape the punishment decreed for tha
violation of human rights.
"Would we tread In th» paths ot tyranny.
Nor reckon the tyrant's cost?
¦Who taketh another's liberty.
His freedom la also lost.
Would we win as the strong have ever wont
Mak« ready to pay the debt,
For the God who reigned over Babylon
Is the God who Is reigning yet."
• Consent of Governed.
Who will draw a .' iliie between the natural
rights of the Cubans and the; Filipinos? Who
will C say .that the : former have a right to
liberty and : the ; latter ' have ; no rights which
we are bound to respect ?
\ "And If. the Filipinos "are and of right ought
to-be free and Independent.".. what right have
we to force our, government upon them without
their, consent? Before our duty can be ascer
tained, and when- their, rights are once deter
mined. It Is as much our duty to respect those
rights ¦ as ' It was the duty of Fpain to respect
the rights of .the people of Cuba, r or. the duty
of England to respect, the rights of the Amen-"
can , colonists. Rights never conflict: duties
never > clash. Can ¦ it • be our duty to usurp po
litical ¦ rights which ¦ belong* . to others? Can
it: be our, duty to kill those. who. following tne
example* of our forefathers, love liberty well
enough - to flcht : for. It ?MSflM|
: Some ' : poet ,: has described the terror whlcn
overcame a soldier .who. - in " the • midst of bat
¦ ¦ i "^. •...
Let us consider briefly the reasons which have
been given In support of an imperialistic policy.
Borne say that It is our duty to hold' the Phil
ippine Islands. But duty Is not an argument;
it is a conclusion. To ascertain what our duty
Is. In any emergency, we must apply well set
tled and generally accepted 'principles. It is
our duty. to avoid stealing, no matter whether
the thing to be stolen is of great or little value.
It is our duty to avoid killing a, human be
ing, no matter , where . the . human being lives,
or to what race or class ho belongs. Every
one recognizes the obligation Imposed upon In
dividuals to observe both the human and moral
law, but, as some deny the application of those
laws to nations it may not be out of nlace to
quote the opinion of others. Jefferson, than
whom there i Is no higher political authority,
said:. "I know of but one code of morality for
men, whether acting singly or collectively."
Franklin, whose learning, wisdom and Tlrtti«
are a part of the priceless legacy bequeathed to
us from the revolutionary days, expressed the
same- Idea in ' even - stronger language when he
said: - "Justice Is- as strictly due between
neighbor nations as between neighbor citizens.
A highwayman is as much & robber when h«
plunders in a gang as when singly: and the
nation ¦ that makes an unjust war Is onlv a
great gang." • . ¦- ¦ .'¦:--. .-¦•¦''¦
¦ •- Men may • dare to do in crowds what they
.would not dare do' as individuals, but the
moral ; character of an ¦ act ' Is not ' determined
by the number of those who Join In It. 'Fore*
can defend a ¦ right. ¦ but force has never yet
created a right. . It it was true/ as declared In
the resolution of Intervention, that the Cu
bans "are and of right ought to b*'free and
independent" (language taken from the Declar
ation of Independence), it Is equally ; true that
the FiliDlnos "are and of right ought to_ be
free and Independent." The right of ths Cu
bans ¦• to • freedom was not based 'upon- their
proximity to the * United States, not upo.nthe
language : which they spoke.- nor yet upon the
race or -, races to which they, belonged. Con
gress by a practically unanimous vote de
clared that the principles enunciated at Phila
delphia, in 1776 were still alive and applicable
to the Cubans.
inanimate earth has value, and when that earth
Is molded by the Divine Hand and stamped
with the likeness of. the Creator, It becomes a
fixture and passes with the soil? If govern
ments derive their Just powers from the con
sent of the governed. It Is impossible tu secure
title to people, either by force or by purchase.
We could extinguish Spain's title by treaty,
but If we hold title w« must hold It by some
method consistent with our Ideas of govern
ment. When ' we made allies cf the Filipinos
and armed them to fight against Spain we
disputed Spain's title. If we bay Spain's tltio
we are not innocent purchasers. But even If
we had not disputed Spain's title, she could
transfer no greater title than she had, and
her title was based on force alone. ' We cannot
defend such a title, but as Spain gave us a
quitclaim deed we can honorably turn the
property over to the party In possession.
Whether any American official gave the Fili
pinos moral assurance of independence Is not
material. There can be no doubt that we ac
cepted and utilized the services of the Fili
pinos and that, when we did so we had full
knowledge that they were fighting for their own
independence, and I submit that history fur
nishes no example of turpitude baser than ours
if we now substitute our yoke for the Span
ish yoke.
THE RACECOURSE, INDIANAPOLIS, WHERE THE NOTIFICATION
OF BRYAN AND STEVENSON WAS MADE.
The forcible annexation of territory to be gov
erned by arbitrary powers differs as much from
the acquisition of territory to be built up Into
States as a monarchy differs from a democracy, j
The Democratic party does not oppose expan
sion, when expansion enlarges the area of the
republic and Incorporates lands which can be
Eettled by American citizens, or adds to ' our
population people who are willing to, become
citizens and are capable of discharging their
duties as such. The acquisition of the Louis
iana territory, Florida, Texas and other tracts
which have been secured from time to time,
enlarged the republic, and the constitution
followed the flag Into the ne.w territory. It Is
now proposed to . seize : upon distant territory,
already more | densely I populated than our own
country. , and to force upon the people a ; gov
ernment for which there is no warrant in our
constitution or our laws. Even the argument
that this earth belongs to those who desire to
cultivate It and have the physical t power to
acquire It cannot be Invoked to " Justify the
appropriation of the Philippine Islands by the
United States. If the islands were uninhabited
American citizens would not be willing to go
there and till the soil. Tha white race will
not live so near the equator. - Other nations
have tried to colonize in the same latitude.: Tha
Netherlands have controlled Java for 300 years,
and yet to-day there are less than 60,000 people
of European birth • scattered among. 25.000.000
natives. After a century and a half of English
domination in India less than one-twentieth of
one per cent ' of the people of . India .are of
English birth, and it requires an army of 70,000
British soldiers < to take care of the tax-col
lectors. Spain has asserted title to the Philip
pine Islands for three centuries, and. yet. when
our fleet entered Manila I Bay there were less
than 10,000 Spaniards -residing- in- the Fhillp
• A colonial policy means that we shall send to
the' Philippines : a few traders, a few ;task
masters and a few office-holders,' and an army
large -enough to-' support the authority - of -a
small fraction of the people while they rule the
If we' have on imperial policy we must have
a large standing army as its natural and nec
essary .,; complement. The .spirit which -viih
Justify ¦ the forcible annexation , of » the Philip
pine Islands will Justify the seizure of other
islands and- the' domination, of other people,
and with wars of conquest we can expect a
certain, if not rapid growth > of ¦ our military
establishment, r That ! a large permanent In
crease In our regular army is Intended by. the
Republican li»acU-rs is ¦ not ' a ; mere matter of
conjecture but o matter of fact.-. In, his mes
easi: of • I Vjcembcr 6. 1 1898. s the i President asked
for i authority ; tr> increase : the . standing , urmy
to 100.0CC. In : 1896 i the ; army contained about
25.000 men. « , Within two years - the ,• President
asked, for .four times that -many, and a Repub
lican * House of - Representatives - complied with
t he s request after . the Spanish , treaty had been
signed and when not a hand was raised against
the f-Unlted States • In , any t part I of - the world.
If such an army. Is demanded when an imperial
policy . l» i contemplated. - but not openly i avowed,
what may be expected if the i people encourage"
the 'y Republican raety^by s Indorsing , .ts pol:cy
af the polls? 'A; large; standing/ army Us not
only ¦ a • pecuniary ;• burden < to * the ; people j anil/
if i accomnanled by; compulsory i service, f a "_ con
ttaut . ecurce -; r.f ; Irritation,'-: but ~ It , i« * ever " a
menace \ to : a - republican ; form • of S government:
The :aimy. is the. personification ; of ? force/-. and
. militarism * all < Inevitably" change -, the ; Ideas I of
the people and turns the thoughts of, our young
men ¦ i mm ; th« •> arts > of j peace ¦. to '. the ¦ science i of
war. r». Tf:e'. governmentiwhlch relies ' for ¦ I ts , de
f rnse -¦¦ upen '„ its * citizens - is * more c likely ; to f- be
'just i than : one *¦ which ' has at :. call a * large.; body
of ' professional '¦ soldiers.;; VA ** small ' i standing
army I and ! a. well-equipped i and I well-disciplined
State ; militia • are ; sufficient V in i ordinary .ulmes,
and ; In < an emergency,; the : nation : should ) In * the
future as In the past place Its dependence upon
1 the volunteers who come from • all . occupations
Acquisition and Expansion.
sympathy for those who were fighting for civil
liberty. While our sphere of activity has been
limited to the Western hemisphere, our sympa
thies have not been bounded by the seas. We
have felt it due. to ourselves and to the world,
as well as to those who were struggling for the
right to govern themselvjs,-' to -proclaim the
'Interest which our people^>u.ve from the date
of their own Independence Mt'ln every contest
;¦ between 'human rights -and arbitrary, power.
"Three-quarters t pf ¦ a , century ago, when ' our
nation- was -small,: the struggle of -Greece
aroused our people, and Webster and Clay gave
.eloquent expression to the universal desire for
Grecian independence. In 1896 all parties mani
fested a lively interest in the success of the
Cubans, but now, when a war is in progress In
South Africa which must result in the exten
sion of the monarchical Idea or In the triumph
of a republic, the advocates of imperialism in
this country dare not say a word In behalf of
1 the Boers. Sympathy for the Boers does not
arise from any unfriendliness toward England:
the American people are not unfriendly toward
the people of any nation. This sympathy Is
due to the fact that, as stated in our platform,
we believe in the principle of self-government,
and reject, as did our forefathers, the claims
of monarchy. If this nation surrenders Its
belief in the universal application of. the prin
ciples set forth In the Declaration of Inde
pendence it will lo^e. the prestige and Influence
which it has enjoyed : among nations as an
exponent of popular government.
Our opponents, conscious of the weakness of
their cause, seek to confuse Imperialism with
expansion, and have even dared to claim Jef
ferson as a supporter of their policy. Jefferson
spoke so freely and used language with such
precision that no one can be Ignorant of his
views. ; On one occasion he declared: "If there
be one principle more deeply rooted than any
other in the mind of every American It Is that
we should have nothing to do with conquest."
And again he said: "Conquest Is not In our
principles; it is inconsistent with. our govern
ment."
' What Is our, title! to; the! Philippine Islands?
Do •' we .; hold f them •; by > treaty : or : by : conquest ?
Did we r. buy % them ; or did we • take < them ?.' Did
we i purchase i the * people? ' If < not,* how ; did we
secure i title ¦ to \ them ? . "..Were ; they \ thrown -; in
with the land ?.' Will the Republicans say. that
Title to Land and People.
N The Republican platform promises that some
measure of self-government Is -to be given to
the Filipinos by law; -but,. even this pledge is
not fulfilled. '¦ Nearly sixteen * months elapsed
after ' the . ratification of the treaty '.before the
adjournment of Congress last June, and yet
no law was passed dealing -with the Philippine
situation. ; The will of the President. has been
the only law In the Philippine Islands wher
ever the American authority extends. Why
does the Republican party hesitate to legislate
upon the Philippine. question?' Because a law
would disclose the radical departure from his
tory, and precedent contemplated' by those who
control ?: the * Republican • party. ~ The . storm " of
protest which greeted the Porto Rlcan bill was
an Indication - of * what : may ¦¦ be expected when
tho American people are brought. face to face
with legislation upon thl3 subject. If .the Porto
Rlcans, who < welcomed annexation. - are to be
dented. the guarantees: of our constiutlon. what
is to be the lot of .the Filipinos, « who resisted
our authority ?,- If secret influences could.com
pel a disregard of our plain duty toward friend
ly • people, living : near our < shores, what ¦. treat
ment ¦- wtll . those - same influences provide for
unfriendly people 7000 miles away? 'If in th>3
country,, where the ¦ people have the ¦ right to
vote. Republican leaders dare not take .the side
of t he ¦ people ¦ against . the great monopolies
¦which have, grown up within the last few years,
hew x can . they ; be ' trusted to protect the Fili
pinos from the corporations which are waiting
to exploit > the Islands ?; .Is the sunlight ' of full
citizenship to be enjoyed by the people of the
United States and the ; twilight of citizenship
' endured by the people of Porto Rico, . while the
thick darkness of perpetual vassalage ¦< covers
the Philippines? ...The Porto Rico tariff law as
ceris the doctrine' that the operation of the con
stitution ¦ is l confined ¦ to ' the • forty-five States.'
The - Democratic j party ¦ disputes ¦ this - doctrine
and denounces it as repugnant ' to both the let
ter . and ; spirit '• of ' our organic law. There is
; no place In our system | of I government for ) the
deposit of arbitrary * and ; Irresponsible ' power.
That the leaders of a great party should claim
for any President or Congress the right to treat
millions "of ." people • as ' mere -."possessions",^ and
deal > wUni them •; unrestrained ; by ' the • constitu
tion, or.thcblir of -rights; shows'- how; far we
have " already departed : from the ancient : land
marks ? and \ Indicates ' what may -• be expected
If this nation deliberately, enters upon a' career
of > empire.;* The v; territorial iform • of ¦ govern
ment s is I temporary.' and ; preparatory ;. and the
•chief 'security -a :dtlzen, of a;territory ; has Is
found In the fact: that he enjoys the same con
stitutional ¦'- guarantees • and Is, subject : to • the
name j general laws •; as • a *; cltl zen ;: of • a State.
Take I away this i security.: and i his rights • will
be 'violated and : his interest ' sacrificed atl the
demand of - those who have political Influence.
This . Is the ; evil. ; of * the -- colonial system, no
matter ; by- what, nation » It Ms applied. • ;' ;
¦ The Republican party has accepted the Euro
pean idea and planted itself upon ground taken
by George III and by every ruler who distrusts
the capacity of > the people for self-government
or denies them a voice In 'their own affairs.
The Republican platform assumes | that the
Philippine Islands will be retained under
American sovereignty, and we have a right
to. demand :- of < the Republican leaders a dis
cussion of the future status of the Filipino.
Is he to be a citizen or a subject? Are we to
bring Into the body politic eight or ten million
Asiatics, so different from us in race and his
tory that amalgamation is impossible? Are
they to share with us in making the laws and
shaping the destiny of this nation? No Re
publican of prominence has been bold enough
to advocate such a proposition. The McEnery
resolution, adopted by the Senate Immediately
after the ratlttcatlon of the treaty, expressly
negatives this idea. The Democratic platform
described the situation when It says that the
Filipinos cannot be citizens without endan
gering our civilization. Who will dispute it?
And what is the alternative? If the Filipino
is not to be a citizen, shall we make htm a
snbject? On that question the Democratic plat
form speaks -with emphasis. It declares that
the Filipino cannot be a subject without en
dangering our form of government. A repub
lic can have no subjects. A subject Is possi
ble only In a government resting upon force,
he Is unknown in a government deriving Its
Just powers from the consent of the, governed.
The Republican platform says that "the larg
est measure. of self-government consistent with
their Welfare and our duties shall be secured
to them uhe Filipinos) by law." ¦ This is a
strange doctrine for a government which owes
its very existence to the men who offered their
lives as a protest against government without
consent and taxation without representation.
In what respect does the position of ' the Re
publican party differ from the position taken
by the English Government In 1776? Did not
the English Government promise a good gov
ernment' to- the colonists? -What King ever
promised a bad government to his people? Did
not . the : English Government promise that the
colonists should have the largest measure of
self-government consistent tfhth their welfare
and English duties? Did not the Spanish Gov
ernment promise to give to the Cubans the
largest measure of self-government consistent
with their • welfare 'and- Spanish duties? The
whole difference - between a monarchy and a
republic may be summed up in one sentence.
In a. monarchy • the King gives to the people
what he believes to be a good government; In
a republic,- the people secure for, themselves
what they believe to be a good government. -
Future of the Filipino.
at" their country's call and return to pVoduc
tlve labor when their t ervlces are no longer
required— men who fight when the country
needs fighters and work when the country
needs workers. . .. - , -'- "' :¦ ¦'¦.; -¦- —.
- - - -,w/.^ ¦•¦.-.-.-- -;j ...... ¦. ' -....:>.->¦:..«.
MR. BRYAN RESPONDING TO THE NOTIFICATION.
* Wars of Conquest.
Sorr.e one .has; said that a truth once spoken
can never be recalled. It Is true. "It goes on
and. on,' and no one can set a limit. to its ever
widening Influence.' But If it were possible: to
obliterate every. word written or. spoken : in de
fense of the principle set forth; In the;Declara
tion of Independence a war of conquest would
still leave Its legacy of , perpetual hatred, r for
it was God himself who placed In every, human
heart the love of liberty. He never, never made
a race of people bo low In the scale of civiliza
tion' or 'intelligence ; that; It > would welcome a
foreign master. • .';"'.•
Lincoln said that the * safety of this ; nation
was not in its fleets. Its -armies or Its. forts.
but In the Fplrit which prizes ¦ liberty as - the
heritage, of all men, Jn'all ; land*,. : everywhere;
and- he warned 'his countrymen that, they could
not destroy^ this pplrlt .without;, planting the
seeds of despotism at their own doors. ...
' Those who would have this nation enter upon
a career of empire must; consider not only the
effects of imperialism: upon the Filipinos, • but
they must ' also ' calculate S Its " effects j upon s our
own nation.'- We cannot repudiate the principle
of ¦ self-government ' In v the. -Philippines without
weakening that principle. here. , :, .-¦ .- .¦¦¦.-. ; .
','¦ Even now^weare beginning. to see the para
lyzing Influences ; of Imperialism. ; Heretofore
this \ nation has been " prompt to • express its
Treatment of Filipinos.
- The title of Spain being extinguished we
were at liberty to deal with the Filipinos ac
cording to American principles. The. Bacon
resolution, Introduced a month before hostili
ties broke out at Manila, promised Independ
ence to 'the 'Filipinca on the Fame terms . that
it was promised to . the Cubans. . I supported
this resolution and believe that its adoption
prior to the breaking out of hostilities would
have prevented bloodshed and th«t its adop
tion at any subsequent time would have ended
hostilities.
If the treaty had been. rejected considerable
time would have necessarily elapsed before a"
new treaty could have been agreed upon and :
ratified, and during . that time the question !
would have been agitating the public mind.
If the Bacon resolution had been adopted by
the Senate and carried out by the President,
plther at- the time of the ratification of the
treaty or at any time afterward. It would
have taken thr nuestion of imperialism out
of politics ana left; the American people free
to deal with their domestic • problems. But
the resolution was defeated by the. vote of
the Republican Vice President and from that
time to this a 1 " Republican Congress has re
fused to take any action whatever in the mat
ter. ¦¦ ¦- v •¦-".. - -." ¦¦:-'¦ ¦¦'¦
When hostilities broke out at Manila Repub
lican speakers and Republican editors at once
sought to lay the blame upon those who had
delayed the ratification ¦¦ of ,the - treaty and
durlng'.the progress of the war the same Re
publicans have accused the opponents of Im
perialism of giving encouragement' to the Fili
pinos. This is a" cowardly evasion : of respon-
Bibility. ¦¦._¦¦
If it is right for the United States to hold
the Philippine ' Islands permanently and Imi
tate the European empires 'in -the- government
of the colonies the Republican party ought to
Etate Its position and defend it, but It must
expect the : subject races to -protest against
such a policy and to resist to the ' extent : of
their ability. The Filipinos do not need any
encouragement from Americans now > living.
Our. whole history has. been an encouragement
not only to the Filipinos, : but \to all who are
denied a voice in their own government. If
the • Republicans are - prepared . to censure all
who have used language calculated' to • make
the Filipinos hate foreign. domination' let them
condemn the speech of. Patrick Henry. .When
he uttered that passionate appeal.. ."Give mo.
liberty or give me death,", he expressed a sen
timent which still echoes in, the hearts of men.'
Let them censure Jefferson; of all the states
men of history; none have used words; so of
fensive to those who would hold : their . fellows
in political -bondage. - Let them censure .'Wash
ington, who declared ' that the 'colonies ~ mubt
choose between liberty and slavery- Or, if tho
statute of limitations has run. against the sins
cf Henry and Jefferson . and • Washington. - let
them eenBure Lincoln, whose Gettysburg speech
will- be . quoted j In defense of , popular . govern
ment when. the political advocates of force and
conquest are forgotten. •.*;.,: .
upon the country to the exclusion of those
¦which Involve the very structure of our gov
ernment the Republican leaders give new evi
dence of their abandonment of the earlier
ideals of the party ami of their complete sub-
Ftrviency to pecuniary considerations.
But they shall not oe permitted to evad» the
ftupendous and far-reaching issue which they
hjcre deliberately brought into the arena of
jwlitics. When the President, • supported by a
I>ractical!y unanimous vote of the House and
donate, entered upon a war with Spain for th*
jiurpcse of aiding the struggling patriots of
Tuba the country, without regard to -parly,
applauded. Although the Democrats recog
nized that the administration would necessarily
pain a political advantage from the conduct ot
a war which, in the very nature of the case,
must soon end in a complete victory, they
vied with the Republicans in the support which
they gave to the President. When the war
was over and the Republican leaders began to
FUBgeet the propriety of a • colonial policy op-
I<opitlon at once manifested itself. When the
President tlnnlly laid before the Senate a treaty
which recognized the independence of Cuba but
provided for the cession of the Philippine Isl
ands to the United States the menace of im
perialism became so apparent that many pre
ferred to reject the treaty and risk the. ills
that might follow rather than take the chance
of correcting the errors of the treaty .by .th:>
Independent action of this country-, . •
¦X. was among the number of those who bJ-'
lleved it better to ratify the treaty, ana end
the war., release the volunteers. . remove the
excuse for war expenditures and then . give to
the. Filipinos the independence which might be
forced from Spain by a new treaty. In view
of the criticism- which my action aroused Mn
Rome quarters I. take this occasion to 'restate
the reasons given at that 'time. I -thought it
safer to trust the American people to give In
dependence to the Filipinos than to trust | tn;
accomplishment of that purpose to diplomacy
with an unfriendly nation. Lincoln embodied
an argument in the question when he anked,
"Can aliens make treaties easier than friends
can make laws?" I believe that we are now
in a better jKisitlon to wage a successful con
test against Imperialism than we would have
been had the treaty been rejected. With the
treaty ratified a clean-cut issue ; is presented
between a government by consent and a gov
ernment by force and imperialists must bear
the responsibility for all that happens until
the question is settled. If the, treaty had
been rejected the opponents of imperialism
would have been held responsible for any in
ternational complications .which might hava
arisen before the ratification of another treaty.
But whatever. differences of . opinion may have
existed as to the best method of opposlnp
the colonial policy there never .was any dif
ference as to the great of the
question and there is no difference now as
to the course to be pursued.
"Can we not govern colonies?" we are asked.
The question Is not what we can do. but what
we ought to do. Thl3 nation can do whatever
It desires to do, but it must accept responsibllty
for what its does. If the constitution
stands In the way the people can amend the
constitution. I repeat, the- nation can do what
ever it desires to do. but it cannot avoid the
natural and lesitlmate results of Its own con
duct. The young man upon reaching his ma
jority can do what he pleases. He can disre
gard the teachings of his parents; he can
trample upon all that he has been taught to
consider sacred, he can disobey the laws of the
State, the laws of society and the laws of God.
He can stamp failure upon his life and make
his very existence a curse to his fellow-men,
and he can bring his father and mother In sor
row to the grave; but he cannot annul the sen
tence, "the wages of sin Is death." And so
¦with this nation. It is of age and it can do
what it pleases: It can spurn the traditions of
the past; It can repudiate the principles upon
Republicans ask. "Shall we haul down tha
flag that floats over our dead in the Philip
pines?"
The same auestlon might have been asked
when the American fla»c floated over Chapulte
pec and waved over the dead who fell there;
but the tourist who visits the City of Mexico
finds there a national cemetery, owned by the
United States and cared for by an American,
citizen. Our flag still floats over our dead, but
when the treaty with TJesico was signed
American authority withdrew to the Rio
Grande, and I venture the opinion that during
the last fifty years the people of Mexico hav«
made more progress under the stimulus of in
dependence and self-government than they
would have made under a carpet-bag govern
ment held in place by bayonets. The United
States and Mexico, friendly republics, are each
stronger and happier than they would have
been had the former been cursed and the latter
crushed by an Imperialistic policy, disguised as
"benevolent assimilation." •
Hauling Down the Flag.
Clay waa right. There are degrees of pro
ficiency in the art of self-government, but it \*
a reflection upon the Creator to say that Ha
denied to any people the capacity of self-gov
ernment. Once admit that Rome people ar<»
capable of self-government and that others are
rot, and that the capable people have a right
to seize upon and govern the Incapable, and
you make force— brute force— the only founda
tion of government and Invite the reign of th»
despot. I am willing to believe that an all
wlse and all-loving God created the
and left them thousands of years helpless un
til the Islands attracted the attention ot Euro
pean nations.
tie, discovered that he had slain his brother.
It is written: "All ye are brethren."' Let us
hope for the coming or the day when human
Hie— which when once destroyed cannot be re
stored—will be so sacred that it will never b*
taken except when necessary to punish a crlm»
already committed or to prevent a crime about
to be committed. (
If it Is »ald that tre have assumed before th»
world obligations which make It necessary for
us to permanently maintain a government In
the Philippine Islands. I reply first, that the
highest obligation of this nation Is to be true
to Itself. Xo obligation to any particular na
;' on . °r to all nations combined. , can require
ins abandonment of our theory of government
and the- substitution of doctrines against which
our whole national life has been a protest. And.
second, that pur obligations to the Filipino*
who Inhabit the islands are greater than any
obligation ¦which we can owe to foreigners wno
nave a temporary residence in the Philippines
or desire to trade there.
, " "argued by *ome that the Filipinos are
incapable of self-gcvcrnnH-nt and that there
;2 re w ' ° we lI to the -world to take control of
them. Admiral Dewcy. in his official report to
tne .Navy Department, declared the Fillpln. a
more capable of self-government than the Cu
bans and said that he based his opinion upon a.
knowledge of both races. Kut I will not rest
U 1 .?. C . ase UI i° n the relative advancement of tha
Filipinos. Henry Clay, in defending the right.*
or tne people of South America to self-govern
ment, said: "It la the doctrine of thrones that
man Is too Ignorant himself. Their partisan*
f# ss i n Incapacity In reference to all nations;
if they cannot command universal assent to th*
proposition. It Is then remanded to particular
nations, and our pride an<i our presumption toi>
often make converts of us. 1 contend that It
is to arraign the disposition of providence him
self, to suppose that he has created heinss In
capable of governing themselves and to b«
trampled on by kings. Solf-government u tha
natural government of man."
GOSPEL CAN BE SPREAD ABROAD WITHOUT
Democratic Standard-
Bearers Form ally
Informed of Their
Nomination at In
dianapolis.
Day Vv^as Hot. and Sultry and
Many Persons Who Crowd
Around the Speakers' Stand
Are Carried Fainting From
the Grounds.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. S— William J. •
Bryr.n and Arilat IZ. Stevenson were
to-<Say in this city officially notified
of thrir nomination by the Demo
crats, at the recent Kansas City con- |
rention. to the offices respectively of ;
President and Vice President of the I
I'nited States. The ceremony was made !
the occasion of a popular demonr-trailon. j
and. with all. the Democrats may be said .
to have begun their national campaign. '
The notification occurred in Military
Park, a beautifully shaded tract of ground
in the center of the city. The park con
tains probably thirty acres of ground,
ind it was well covered with people. In
the vicinity of the speaker's Ftand the
crowd was very dense. It - would be a I
ielicate undertaking to estimate the num- j
L«?r of people contained in this vast j
throng, but there were certainly many
thousands of them.
Probably a majority of them were resi-
Ifiits of Indianapolis, but many were j
froaj other portions of Indiana, while j
alhers also came from distant States. 1
l'here was also a quite general gathering |
A the members of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, while, ot course, the I
members of the two committees appoint- j
L-d to rna!:e the official notification were j
<».i*o present. !
The ceremony was preceded by a par- i
ide through tne principal streets of tne j
:ity, wni<-n was participated In t>y visit
nj; ana local l>e«nocraue ciubs. These
uucu as an escort to tne noting tion party
and the ravalcaae was an imposing one.
i Me meeting wgan a. lew minutes alter i
j ciocjt ana concluded at 5:4U. In thia i
t >enod ot nine, nve speeches •were maue.
Mayor Uaggart of Inuianapolis adding a
oncoming speech to the two notification
!peecbefl oy Representative Richardson
intf Governor 'lnomas and the responses
nade bv Mr. Bryan and Mr. Stevenson.
Crush at the Stand.
The weather was hot. but toward the
ctose ot the ceremonies a slight breeze
alleviated to some extent the suffering oc
casioned by the high temperature. At one
time it appeared as if actual suffocation
might be me result of the terrible crowd
ing in front of the stand, where the cere
monies occurred, but beyond a few faint
ing attacks and much personal'dlscomfort
no evil resumed. The platform on which
the speeches were made was elevated
about six feet above the park lawn and
upon it sat the candidates and their fami
lies and the members of the National
Committee and of the two notification
committees, as well as a few invited
gu<'t=is. Mr. Bryan sat near the corner of
the Btage. just to the left of Chairman
Jones, who presided. Mrs. Bryan and their
Eon, William Jr.. occupying adjoining
chairs. Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson also sat :
in the same group, as did Mrs. Senator
Jones, Mrs. Richardson and Governor and
Mrs. Thomas.
The meeting was called to order In a
brief speech of welcome by Mayor Tag
part of this city, who was cordially and
familiarly greeted by the vast audience.
The Mayor introduced Senator Jones of
Arkansas as permanent chairman of the
mofjinp, the national chairman being
greeted by I*>ud cheers.
Senator Jones made no speech, but con
fined his remarks to the simple Introduc
tion of the speakers to the audience.
Mr. Richardson, to whose lot as perma
nent chairman of the national convention
fell the duty of notifying Mr. Bryan of
his nomination, made the first of the noti
fication addresses. He arose to look upon
a sea of up-turned faces. The sun wa*
throwing its rays directly upon many of
them. In this crowd, which was so denso
that a hand which was down could not
be raised, and one which was raised could
not be lowered, were old men. frail women
and small children. Soon the mass begau
to sway back and forth through the et
fnrts of those in the rear to get nearer
the speakers.
Richardson Interrupted.
There were a few screams, more groans,
and it became necessary to get some o'
the feebler people out of the crush. There
m-ere loud cries of "Cut it short"; "Give
Bryan a chance"; "We can't stand it
here." and other signs of Impatience.
For a time Mo Richardson did not ap
pear perturl>ed by this clamor, but when
there appeared to be real danger of seri
ous results he brought his remarks to a
somewhat precipitate close, speaking for
only about fifteen minutes. Notwithstand
ing the general confusion Mr. Richardson
was applauded in many places, especially.
eo when he referred to the "Sulu slavery
and Oriental harems" included in the
Philippine acquisition.
Congressman Richardson said in part: '
Mr. Bryan: On the one hundred and twenty
fourth anniversary of the birth of this re
public there assembled in Kansas City the
most Intensely American convention that ever
<a.::.f together in its history. This great body
was made up of men from every State and
Territory in the Union. They came from their
respective districts filled with unfeigned en
thusiasm for the inspiring cause which brought
them together. Their 7,000,0)0 of constituent*
had empowered them to frame a platform of
principle* and select candidates for President
and Vice President of the United States In
what they conceived to be the rupreroest po
litical crisis tbat ever came to our country.
These delegate* all realized that the republic
is In peril. They felt that the duty -was theirs
to take such action as would rescue tbe state
from the gulf of imperialism in which it had
been plunged and thus preserve for thera
felves and poeterity unimpaired the priceless
blessings of free government and civil liberty.
You see before you to-day a committee of
delegates from that convention and for whom
I epeaJc, upon which is represented each State
and Territory, whose duty it is to convey to
you in formal manner the notification that
the auiruFt assembly I have mentioned, acting
for- its members, their constituents, and for
all who love and cherish liberty everywhere,
with no dlssentlnc voice, chose you as the
candidate for President and adopted a plat
form of principles upon which the campaign
we are now inaugurating shall be conducted.
The declaration of party principles enunciated
.1 now have the honor to present to you.
Bryan Greeted. ]
There was an immediate change of de
r>ortm<v.t on the part of the crowd when
Mr. Bryan arose. He was introduced at
3:30 by Chairman Jones and,, as if or
<icred for the occasion, a light breez«»
sprang up. which evidently had the effect
of bringing some relief to the overheated
a.nd much crowded mass of people, r At
any rate, afwr one burst of rapturous ap
plause, the crowd quieted down and re
mained well behaved throughout the de
livery of the ppeech. There were occa
pional cries of ''louder" when Mr. Bryan
jirst began to ppeak. but these wer* offset
by huzzahs fo'- the speaker. After a few
contests of this kind, the auditors made
no further signs except to applaud the
strong parts of the sp**ch as they were
made.
Mr. Brj'an read fcis speech, departing
not" from his manuscript, except in a
word of legislation at the beginning of
his address. He was sitting immediately
to the left of Senator Jones when he was
presented by that gentleman. He arose
promptly and v.-as immediately recognized
bv the ontire assemblage.
• The Democratic leader never appeared
to better advantage. His face was slightly
flushed, but his eye was clear and calm
and his voice was never more completely
at his command. His manner wax calm
end cool and evidently heMt his full con
trol of tbe situation as he took J.ne one
Ftcp necessary to bring him to, the front
of the platform. He was dressed- in a
black sack coat, which was loosely but
toned at the waist. A«white shirt front
was capped by aa white a necktie. These
gave the appearance of coolness in the
temperature and comported well with the
speaker's personal bearing. There was
no FUg-pestion of impediment of speech.
His clear voice was far-reaching and that
he was heard at a great distance was
made evident by the fact that people far
out in the- listened apparently as
intently as did those who sat on the plat
form. Apparently no strong point was
lost to any one present.
Strong Sentiments Cheered.
Among the sentiments of the speech
which were applauded with especial zest
were those declaring that under. existing
circumstances "we dare not educate the
Filipinos lest they learn to read the Dec
laration of Independence and the consti
tution of the United States," that he
would never agree to exchange the glory
of this country for that of all the empires;
that "it is not necessary to own a people
in order to trade with them." and the
"command. Go ye into all the world and
preach the gospel,' has no Gatllng gua at
tachment."
There was also general cheering over
the promise to convene Congress imnie-
diately to remedy the Philippine situation
if elected, but no part of th,e address re
ceived tne earnest commenoat-on that
was bestowed upon the peroration. This
called out an outburst that was both tu
multuous and prolonged.
Mr. Bryan spoke a few words extem
poraneously in introducing his speech, all
of which, except tht- peroration, was read
from manuscript. The closing sentences
were repeated from memory in a most ef
fective manner. The extemporaneous in.
troduction was as follows:
"I feel that I owe an apolojrv or expla
nation to the people who are to listen.for
the fact that 1 must read what 1 am go
ing to say. It would be more pieasant to
me and more agreeable to vou to speak
without notes, but I want to address that
larger constituency which we reach
through the newspapers, for it is a thou
sand times as numerous as any crowd
which could assemble here; and, there
fore, in order that I may speak to all
throughout the land, I have committed
to writing what I desire to say. and will
ask your indulg-enee while I read my
speech."
He then read his address as follows:
Speech of Acceptance.
Mr. Chairman and members of the No
tification Committee: I shall at an early
day, and in a more formal manner, ac
cept the nomination which you tender,
and I shall at that time discuss the va
rious questions covered by the Democratic
platform. It may not be out of place,
however, to submit a few observations at
this time upon the general character of
the contest before us and upon the ques
tion which is declared to be of paramount
Importance in this campaign. , .
When. I say that the contest of 1900 is
a contest between Democracy on the one
hand and plutocracy on the other, I do
not mean to say that all our opponents
have deliberately chosen to give-to organ
ized wealth a predominating influence in
the affairs of the Government, but I do
assert that on the important issues of the
day the Republican party is dominated by
those influences which constantly tend to
elevate pecuniary considerations and ig
nore human rights.
In 1S59 Lincoln said that the Repub
lican party believed in the man and the
dollar, but that in case of conflict it be
lieved in the man before the dollar. This
is the proper relation which should exist
between the two. Man, the handiwork of
God, comes first; money, the handiwork
of man, is of inferior Importance. Man i»
the master; money the servant, but upon
all important questions to-day Repub
lican legislation tends to make money the
master and man the servant.
The maxim of Jefferson, "Equal rights
to all and special privileges to none," and
the doctrine of Lincoln that this should
be a government "of the people, by the
people and for the people" are being dis
regarded and the instrumentalities 01 gov
ernment are being used to advance the
interests of those who axe in a position
to secure favors from the Government. ;
The Democratic party is not making
war upon the honest acquisition or
wealth; it has no desire to discourage in
dustry, economy and thrift. On the con
trary, it gives to every citizen the great
est jwssibie stimulus to honest toil when
it promises him protection in the enjoy
ment of the proceeds of his labor. Prop
erty rights are most secure when human
rignts are respected. Democracy strives
lor a civilization in which every member
of society will share according to his
merits. . ..
No one has a right to expect from soci
ety more than a fair compensation for the
service which he renders to society. If he
secures more. It is at the expense of some
on© else. It Is no injustice to him to pre
vent his doing injustice to another. To
him who would either through class leg
islation or in the absence . of necessary
legislation trespass upon the rights ol ! an
otner the Democratic party says "Thou
shalt not." *, ,
Against us are arrayed a comparatively
small but politically and financially pow
erful number who really profit by Repub
lican policies; but with them are associat
ed a large number who, because of their
attachment to the party name, are giving
their support to doctrines antagonistic to
the former teachings of their own party.
Republicans who vised to advocate bimet
allism now try to convince themselves that
the cold standard is good; Republicans
who were formerly attached to the green
back are now seeeking an excuse for giv
ing national banks control of the nation's
paper money; Republicans who used to
boast that the Republican party was.pay
ing off the national debt' are' now looking
for reasons to support a perpetual and in
creasing debt; Republicans. who formerly
abhorred a trust now beguile themselves
with the delusion, that there- are good
trusts and bad trusts, while in' their minds
the line betweeen the two is becoming
more and more obscure; Republicans who
In times past congratulated: the country
upcn the small expense of our standing
p.rmv are now.makinp light of the objec
tions ,which are urged against a large in
crease Jn.the permanent military estab
lishment;'Republicans who gloried in- our
Independence when .the nation was less
powerful now look with favor upon a.for
eign alliance; Republicans who three years
aco condemned "forcible annexation" as
immoral and even criminal nre now sure
that it is both immoral and. criminal = to
oppose forcible annexation. That; parti
sanship has already blinded many, to pres
ent dangers is certain; how large a por
tion of the Republican party -can be drawn
over to the new,' policies ¦ remains to be
seen. '. -
Republican Inconsistencies.
For a time Republican leaders were in
clined to deny to 'opponents the right to
criticize the Philippine policy of the -ad-'
ministration, but upon, investigation they
found that both Lincoln and Clay assorted
end exercised the rlpht to criticize a Pres
ident during- the progress of the Mexican
war. *'' ; KT?.**Sfi"!j8SiSS
Instead of meeting, the is?ue boldly, and
fubmittinff' a^clear and positive plan: for
dealing with the Philippine question" tta<»
Republican convention adopted a. platform
the larger, part of which - was devoted '• to
boasting and self-congratulation.
In attempting ' to press economic questions*.
2PHILADELPHIA. Aug. «.— The thirtieth an
nual convention of the. Catholic Total Absti
nence Union of America began here to-day
and will continue until Friday. About 300 dele
gates are in attendance from nearly every
State in the Union.
NEW YORK. Aug. S. — Among those who
sailed on the steamer Deutschland for Ham
burg to-day were Mr. Tower, United States
Embassador to St. Petersburg, and John Wan
amabr. *"'¦,'
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 8.— Count Lams
dorff. who was recently placed at the head of
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has been ap
pointed permanent Foreign Minister.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, Aug. 8.— W. T. Craw
ford was nomintcd for Congress by the Demo
crats of the Ninth District.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
from . Chef u dated Aug. 8, via Shanghai.
Aug. 8, 9:40 a. m., says: Authentic infor
mation reaches here to the effect that the
Niuchwang forts and the Chinese city
have been taken by the Russians.
NEW YORK. Aug.. 8.— A Sun special
NITJCHWANG FORTS TAKEN.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 8.-The wife of
Dr. A. MacDonald Westwater of Llao
Vanp. Manchuria, committed suicide at
Arima in consequence of mental depres
sion caused by her exciting experiences
at Nluchwang, just beforu her depar
ture from China.
EXCITEMENT CATJSES STJTCIDE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. S.— The Chinese
Minister visited the State Department to
day and transmitted to this Government
the following edict:
An Imperial edict of the eighth day of the
Seventh Moon (August 2, 1900), transmitted by
Viceroy LI Hung Chant, Viceroy Liu Kun Tl
and Director General Shens. under date of
August 4, 1900.. to Minister Tang, at St. Peters
burg, and transmitted by the latter under date
of Augrust 7, and received by Minister Wu on
the evenlne of the last named date. It Is as
follows:
LI Hung Chang and Liu Kun Tl, In response
to their Joint memorial proposing the sending
of the foreien Ministers to Tientsin, received on
the eighth Instant (August 2) the following Im
perial edict:
Throughout the disturbances recently caused
by our subjects on account of Christian mis
sions, which have resulted In a conflict of
forces. It has be«n found necessary to afford
protection to all the foreign Ministers In Peking.
On repeated occasions the Tsung 11 Tamen
sent notes Inquiring- after their welfare. And
as Peking has not yet been restored to order
and precautionary measures may not secure
absolute eaf ety, the foreign Ministers are be
ing consulted aa to the proposed plan of de
tailing troops to escort them safely to Tientsin
to a safe temporary shelter, so that they may
be fre<* from apprehensive anxiety or fear.
We hereby , command Jung Lu to appoint as
a preliminary step trustworthy high civil and
military officials, who together with reliable
and efficient troops shall, at such time aa the
foreign Ministers may agree upon for leaving
Peking, escort and protect them throughout
their Journey. Should lawless characters man
ifest evil designs upon the Ministers, or at
tempt to rob them, or In any way create trou
ble, they (the high officials) shall at once
repress them without fall.
If the foreign Ministers, before leaving Pe
king, should desire to communicate with their
respective governments, and If their tele
graphic message should be In plain language,
the Tsung 11 Yamen shall at once attend to
them without the least delay, thus manifest
ing the . utmost friendliness of the Imperial
Government.
LATEST EDICT OF
* IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 8.— The following:
State ticket was nominated by acclama
tion by the Republican State Convention
to-day:
Governor— Robert M. L*follette. Madi
son.
Lieutenant Governor — Jesse Stone,
Watertown. •
Secretary of State— William H. Froeh-
Hch. Dlxon.
State Treasurer — James C. Davidson.
Soldiers' Grove.
Attorney General— Emmett R. HIcka.
Oshkosh.
State Superintendent— Lorenzo D. Har
vey, Milwaukee.
Railroad Commissioner — Graham L.
Rice, West Superior.
Insurance Commissioner — Emil GIljo
hann, Milwaukee.
Chairman of State Central Committee-
General George E. Bryant, Madison.
Mr. Lafollette's name was the only one
presented to the convention to head the
ticket. The remainder of the ticket Is
made up of incumbents.
had .been .-unable to persuade Chairman
Hanna to take the stump.
NOMINATIONS MADE BY
WISCONSIN REPUBLICANS
conenmer to secure : unjust - advantage • to the
favored few. ¦ Experience has demonstrated that
unjust tariff lawn have , deprived the Govern
ment of needed revenues, secured to; favored
The lavish appropriations by the present Re
publican Congress should challenge the atten
tion of all thoughtful men. Subsidy bills. and
all £nneces*ary taxes are condemned by our
platform. The accumulation , of surplus «reve
propriatlons of : the public money. The mil
lions of surplus now accumulating s In the
trea* ary should remain In '• the . pockets of the
people. To this end. • the Democratic party:de
mands a reduction of war taxes to the actual
needs of the Government, and a return to the
policy of strict economy In all governmental ex
penditures. • ' -..••¦"'- • ,
In apt-words the Dlngley tariff law Is con
demned. It is tersely characterized as legisla
tion skillfully devised ' in"., the ; interest ;¦¦ of i, a.
class, and to impose upon - the many - burdens
which they should not bear. Adhering to the
time honored doctrine of the Democratic party,"
we crso»e J all tariff legislation, \ the ; necessary
consequence of which Is at the expense of the
Lavish ' Appropriations.
It is wisely provided by the constitution that
at stated times political power shall return
to the hands of the people. The struggle for
political eupremacy upon which we I are now
entering Is one of deep moment to the Ameri
can people. Its supreme importance to all
conditions of our countrymen cannot be meas
ured by worda. The ills resulting from unjust
legislation and from unwise administration of
the government must find their remedy In the
all potent ballot. To ' it we now make our
solemn appeal.
The .chief purpose of the great convention
whose ! representatives are before me was re
dress for existing wrongs and security against
perils yet greater which menace popular gov
ernment. Your convention, in language clear
and unmistakable. has presented the vital
issues upon which the pending contest Is to
be determined. To Its platform I give my
tamest assent.
Clearly and unequivocally the Democratic
convention ha« expressed . its sympathy with
the burghers of the South African republics in
their heroic attempt to maintain free govern
ment. In this the convention not only voiced
the sentiments of American Democrats, but of
liberty-loving men everywhere. It Is not
strange that those who have kept .the political
faith of the author of the Declaration of In
dependence should express their abhorrence at
the effort of a great European power to sub
jugate a people whose only crime is a deatji
struggle to -maintain - their liberties. The
earnest utterances of the convention that our
sympathies are with the Boen In their un
equal struggle meet a hearty response from
all who venerate the principles of our fathers.
Is it not true that In all the past a belief In
the inalienable rights of all peoples has . been
with us a living faith? That our sympathy
has ever been with the, oppressed, , with those
who are struggling for a larger measure of
freedom— for self-government? For this reason
our government was among the first to extend
recognition to the republics of France and Mex
ico, prompt to extend our sympathy as well as
official recognition to the little South American
States on their escape from the despotism of
Spain and upon their efforts to establish ; for
them>«elves representatlx-e. governments fash
ioned after our own. History has but repeated
Itself and the struggle to .maintain free gov
ernment—a century and a'Hiuarter after the
promulgation of the Ueclaratlon of Independ
ence — ha« been trarnferred from the New World
to the Old.' Is It to be wondered then that the
political • disciples of Jefferson , should express
their sympathy for the oppressed republics of
South Africa? . Only these who- believe that
our own country has outgrown, the doctrlne3
of the fathers are in sympathy with England's
attempt to establish monarchy upon the ruins
cf re-publics. - HBiSE
Deeply Impressed with a sense of the respon
sibility assumed by such candidacy I accept
the nomination so generously tendered me.
Should the action of the convention meet the
approval of the people In November It will be
my earnest endeavor to discharge with fidelity
the duties of the great office.
I ain profoundly grateful for the honor con
ferred upon m-i by my selection by the Na
tional Democratic Convention as its candidate
for the hlrh office of Vice President of the
United States. For the complimentary manner
In which such action has been officially made
known to me I express to you. Mr. Chairman,
and to your honored associates of the com
mittee my sincere thanks.
Stevenson's Address.
Mr. Bryan concluded at 4:40 and was
promptly followed by Governor C. S.
Thomas of Colorado, who notified Mr.
Stevenson. Mr. Thomas spoke for only
ten minutes, but he made a very effective
speech. He received very general atten
tion and was given frequent and generous
applause.
Mr. Stevenson was apparently slightly
nervous as the time approached for him
to take the stand, but he soon gained
confidence as he proceeded. Mr. Bryan
led the liberal applause which grreeted
the appearance of his fellow candidate
as he advanced to the front, and many
points of the speech were liberally
punctuated by a repetition of applause as
the speech proceeded. He read from
manuscript. His speech was as follows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the commit
tee: I can never fully discharge the debt of
gratitude which I owe to my countrymen for
the honors which they have so generously be
stowed upon me; but. sirs, whether it be my lot
to occupy the high office for which the con
vention has named me or to spend the re
mainder of my days In private life, it shall be
my constant ambition and my controlling pur
pose to aid in realizing the high ideals of those
whose wisdom and courage and sacrifices
brought this republic Into existence. I can
conceive of a national destiny surpassing the
glories of the present and the past — a destiny
which meets the responsibilities of to-day and
measures up to the responsibilities of the fu
ture. Behold a republic, resting securely upon
the foundation stones quarried ty revolutionary
patriots from the mountain of Eternal Truth —
a republic applying In practice and proclaiming
to the world the self-evident proposition: That
all men are created equal; that they are en
dowed with Inalienable rights; that govern
ments are instituted among men to secure those
rights; that governments derive I their Just
powers from the consent of the governed. Be
hold a republic in which civil and religious
liberty stimulate all to earnest endeavor and in
which the law restrains every hand uplifted for
a neighbor's injury^-a republic in which every
citizen Is a sovereign, but In which no one
cares to wear a crown. Behold a renubllc
standing erect while empires all around are
bowed beneath the weight of their own arma
ments—a republic whose flag Is loved while
other flags are only feared. Behold a republic
Increasing In population, in wealth, in strength
and in Influence, solving the problems of civili
zation and hastening the coming of a uni
versal brotherhood— a republic which shakes
thrones and dissolves aristocracies by Its silent
•example and gives light and Inspiration to those
' who sit in darkness. Behold a republic grad
cally but eurely becoming the supreme moral
factor In the worM's progress and the accented
arbiter of the world's disputes— a republic whose
history, like the path of the Just. "Is as tno
shining light that shlneth more and more Into
the perfect day."
Destiny is .the subterfuge of the Invertebrate
who, lacking the courage to oppose error, seeks
come plausible excuse for supporting It. Wash
ington said that the destiny of the republican
form of covernment was deeply. If not. finally,
staked on the experiment entrusted to the
American people. How different Washington's
definition of destiny from the Republican de
finition. The Republicans say that this nation
Is In the hands of destlnyi Washington be
lieved that not only the destiny of our own
nation, but the destiny of the republican form
of government throughout the world was en
trusted to American hands. Washington was
right. The destiny of this republic Is In the
hands of its own people; upon the success of
the experiment here rests the hope of hu
manity. No exterior force can disturb this
republic and no foreign Influence should be
permitted to change its course. What the
future has in store for this nation no one
has authority to declare, but each Individual
has his own idea of the nation's mission and
he owes It to his country as well as to himself
to contribute as best he may to the fulfillment
of that mission.
"Destiny" the Subterfuge.
Jt obliterates the distinction between right and
wrong and makes individuals of nations the
helpless victims of circumstances.
when our epponeats are unable to defend
their position by argument they fall back upon
the assertion that It Is destiny, and Insist that
we must submit to it. no matter how much It
violates moral precepts and our principles of
cuenuueot. Thl* Is a complacent philosophy.
There is an eaj«y, horjest, honorable notation
of the Philippine question. It Is set forth in
the Democrstic rlatform, and it is submitted
with confidence to the American people. This
r>!an I unreservedly indorse. If elected I shall
convene CorgTwss in extraordinary session as
roon cj I am Inaugurated and recommend an
immediate declaration of the nation's purpose;
flret. to ertabli6h a stable form of government
in the Philippine Islands, Just as we are now
establishing a rtable form of government In
Cuba: second, to Rive independence to the
Filipinos. Just as we have promised to give
Inoependence to the Cubans; third, to protect
th* Filipinos from outside Interference while
they work out their destiny. Just as we have
Jirotected the republics of Central and South
America, and are. by the Monroe doctrine.
ji!<-dKed to protect Cuba. An European pro
tectorate r.ften remits In the exploitation of
the ward by the guardian. An American pro
tectorate given to the nation protected the ad
vantage cf our strength, without making It
the victim or our greed. For three-quartem of
a ce-ntury the Monroe doctrine has bscn a
thield to nelghbor!r.K republic*, and yet is has
\mytmtA ro pecuniary burden upon us. After
the Filipino* ha<i aided us In the war against
to their former masters; we could not leave
them to be tho victims of the ambltloux de
signs of th» European nations, and since we
<!o not <S«>£lre to moke them a part of us or to
hold them as subjects, we propose the only
alternative, namely, to give them independence
ar.d guard them against molestation from
without.
The argument made by some that it was un
foTtui;ate for the nation that It had anything
to do with the Philippine Islands, but that the
navaJ victory at Manila made the permanent
acquisition of those Islands necessary, is also
unsound. We won a naval victory at San
tiago, but it did not compel us to hold Cuba.
Th*r fchedding of American blood in the Philip
pine Islands does not make it Imperative that
we should retain possession forever. American
fclood via* £fc«-d at San Juan Hill and El Caney,
end yet the President has promised the Cubans
lridr-jjendence. The fact that the American flag
floats over Manila does not compel us to ex
ercise perpetual sovereignty o\ - er the Islands;
that flag waves over Havana to-day, but the
President lias promised to haul It down when
the i.ap- of the Cuban republic is ready to rise
in its pUuee. Retter a. thousand times that our
flag in the Orient give way to a flag represent
ing tin idea of rMf-government than that the
flag of this republic, should become the flag
of an cir:plre.
Love, not force, was the weapon of the
Nazsrene; sacrifice for others, not the ex
ploitation of them, was his method of reaching
the human heart. A missionary recently told
me that the stars and etripes once saved his
life, because his assailants recognized our flag
* s a flag that had no blood upon it. Let it
be known that our missionaries are seeking
eouls Instead of sovereignty ; let It be known
that instead of being the advance guard of
conquering artuiea they are going forth to help
end to uplift, having their loins girt about
•with truth and their feet shod with the pre
paration of the gospel of peace, wearing the
breastplate of righteousness and carrying the
fwerd of the spirit; let It be known that they
are the citizen* of a nation which respects the
rights of the citizens of other nations as care
lu'.ly as it protects the rights of its own citi
zens, and the welcome riven to our missionaries
Win be more cordial than the welcome extended
to the missionaries of any other nation.
The Gospel of Peace.
It is noi strange, therefore, that the labor
organizations have been quick to note the ap
proach of these dangers and prompt to protest
against both militarism and imperialism.
The r,*eur.$ary argument, though more effect
ive with certain classes, is not likely to be
lisr-d so often cr presented with so much rm
jihasis as the religious argument. If what has
bet-n termed "gunpowder gospel" were urged
apair.st the Filipinos only it would be a suffi
cient answer to eay that a majority of the
Filipinos are now members of one branch ol
th« Christian church, but the principle in
volved is or,e of much wider application and
challenges serious consideration.
The religious argument varies In positiveness
from a passive belief that Drovldence delivered
the Fillulnos Into our hands for their good
and our glory to the exultation of the-minit-ter
v ho said that we ought to "thrash the natives
(Filipinos) until they understand who we are,"
end "that every bullet sent, every cannon shot
tnd every flag waved means righteousness."
We cannot approve of this doctrine in one
place unless we are willing to apply It every
where. If there Is poison In the head It will
ultimately reach the heart. It is equally true
that forcible Christianity, if planted under the
American flag in the far-away Orient, will
sooner or later be transplanted upon American
eoiL If true Christianity consists In carrying
out in our daily lives the teachings of Christ,
who will say that we are oommajided to civilize
with dynamite and proselyte with the sword?
He who would declare the divine will must
prove his authority cither by holy writ or by
evidence of a special dispensation. The com
mand, "Go ye Into all the world and preach
the jrospel to every creature" has no Gatiing
jrun attachment. When Jesus visited a village
of Samaria and the people refused to receive
him some of the disciples suggested that fire
fhouid be called down from heaven to avenge
the Insult: but the master rebuked them and
said: "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye
ere of; for the son of man is not come to de-
Ftroy men's Urea, but to save them." Suppose
he had said. "We will thrash them until they
understand who we are," how different would
have been the history of Christianity. Com
r-are. if you will, the swaggering, bullying,
brutal doctrine of lmj>eriali*m with the Golden
Rule and the commandment "Thou ehalt love
thy neighbor as thyself."
In addition to the evils which he and the
farmer share in common, the laboring man
v.ill be the first to suffer If Oriental subjects
teek work in the Vnited States; the first to
puffer if American capital leaves our shores to
employ Oriental labor In the Philippine Islands
to eupply the trade of China and Japan; the
first to FuSfer from the violence which the mili
tary spirit arouses and the first to Buffer when
the methods of imperialism are applied to our
own Government.
Farmers and laborers have, as a rule, small
Incomes, and under systems which place the tax
upoa consumption pay more than their fair
ehare of the expenses of government. Thus the
very people who receive least benefit rrom im-
I>crlalism will t-e Injured most by the military
burdens which accompany It.
Imperialism would be profitable to the army
contractors, it would be profitable to the ship
owners who carry live soldiers to the Philip-
X>ln«?s and bring dead soldiers back, it would be
profitable to those who would seize upon the
franchises and it would be profitable to the
officials whose salaries would be fixed here
and paid over there, but to the farmer, to the
laboring nun and to the vast majority of those
engaged in other occupations it would bring
<-xpend!ture without re-turn and risk without
reward.
Profits of Imperialism.
In* It by fleets and armies. I consider this war
Tn'.nst us, therefore, as both unjust and un
I place the philosophy of Franklin against
the Borild doctrine of those who would put a
I'rice upen the head of an American soldier and
Justify a. war of conquest upon the ground that
it will pay. The Democratic party is in favor
of the expansion of trade. It would <• extend
our trade by every legitimate and peaceful
means, but It Is not willing to make merchan
dise of human blood. Uut a war of conquest
is ax unwise as It is unrighteous. A harbor
and coaling etation In the Philippines would
answer every trade and military necessity and
such a concession could have been secured at
fc.ny time without difficulty.
It is not necessary to own people in order to
trade with them. We carry on trade to-day
with every part of the world and our com
merce has expanded more rapidly than the
commerce of any Kuropean empire. We do not
twn Japan or China, but we trade with their
people. We have not absorbed the republics
of Central and South America, but we trade
with thtm. It has not been necessary to have
any political connections with Canada or the na
tions of Europe in order to trade with them.
Trade cannot be permanently profitable unless
it is voluntary. When trade Is secured by
force the cost of securing It and retaining it
must be taken out of the profits and the profits
are never large enough to cover the expense,
t^uch a eyetem would never be defended but
fcr the fact that the expanse Is borne by all the
people, while the pronts are enjoyed by the
lew.
Stevenson's Address of Accept
ance Is Short but Pointed and
His References to Party Prin
ciples Call Forth Tumultuous
Applause.
Congressman Richard
son Acts as Spokes
man for the Commit
tee and Pays High
Tribute to Nominees.
i 'Against -this' pol'cyj. stands? Imperialism. - In
.American politics ¦. the word Is ¦ new— fortunately
the policy- Is" new. iiWe? are * to-day • becoming
familiar, with its meaning;; with its forebodings
— sxd the end Is not yet." It means a permanent
Large Army jTJnneosssary.
What is .proposed by the party, in power for
the Government of these islands? If it be in
tended to establish there our political institu
tions, what then becomes of the Monroe . doc
trine? f This vital International ; policy,' an
nounced-by the President of the United States
seventy-seven years ago, was: "We owe it
therefore to candor and to the amicable : rela
tions ¦ existing between . the United States and
those powers to declare that we should consider
any attempt on their part to extend their sys
tem to any: portion of this hemisphere, as dan
gerous ; to our peace and safety." ;¦¦ This was
supplemented by a disclaimer in substance upon
our party of any Intention to force our • Insti
tutions upon the nations ofKuropo or their de
pendencies. The Monroe doctrine Is wholesome
and enduring. It Is the faith of Americans of
every creed and party— is of the very warp and
woof ; of-our political beine. It waa, promul
gated at the critical moment when the "Holy
Alliance": was attempting to stifle the republi
can EDirit and re-establish the despotism of
Spain upon her revolted colonies In . ' South
America and In Mexico... The essence of the
doctrine, a« then understood by the world, was
while we forbid the establishment of despotic
governments upon the American continents, '> we
recognize the, corresponding obligation, to re
frain from any ; attempt to • force our political
system upon any part of the Old World. * This
has been our settled . rule of faith : and practice
for, more than three-quarters of a century- '* Its
promulgation defeated the purpose of the "Holy
Alliance? and destroyed forever the power, of
Spain". upon this r continent. Under It Louis
Napoleon,, a third of* a century, ago, - was com
pelled to withdraw the French army from Mex
ico an# *-\ive the ill-starred Maximilian to his
fate. "Under ft the empire established by for
eign bayonets disappeared, and the republic was
restored. ' Are , we now to : say >. we BtUl ; recog
nize : the binding force of this ... doctrine \ upon
other nations >' but not- upon our own??
If ultimate statehood for these remote Islands
—and others yet to be conquered— be displayed,
how • then « are they to j be . held and : governed ?
The only alternative - is . by force — by I the ; power
of the army and of the navy— and this not for
a'' day. < or. f or . a year, ; but for all ; time. " What
then becomes of the " bedrock ; principle \ that
"Government derive their Just powerstfrom the
consent : of „ the ; governed ?" v If ; they are > to • b#
held M permanently r as i conquered - provinces . It
will be not only outside the constitution,' but In
direct antagonism to the letter and spirit of our
Declaration of Independence. , It Is no less true
now than? in ""the, days of our Revolution ' that
'•government ' by arbitrary power) Is : still des
potism."' The attempt then," either to give these
people American citizenship, or to hold them as
subjects, .' is ,"¦¦ to:; us fraught alike ' with peril.
Should', there: be 'an -immediate declaration «.by
our ¦ Government of : Its •: purpose : toward :• ¦ them ?
They . should ', be ¦ given unmistakable ' assurance
of independence. -- Protection by, our. Government
should , not now be .withheld \ against outside In
terference."; ..The \ same >'¦' protection 'i should C be
theirs, i heretofore . extended to »the * little , States
of Central and South America. ',,-. Under existing
conditions » there ; should ; be j no , hesitation j upon
our part I in giving them | protection against; the
cupidity.' or ¦ aggressive ., spirit i of other nations.
'All ' thls;< not \ to i the . end > atl subjugation > or of
conquest upon our. part, but to that of the full
enjoyment by them; of .liberty, and of the ulti
mate « establishment ; of « a- stable { government
fashioned by. their own hands^an ¦¦•k-'- j j ¦
Questions of Government.
Can It be that the new policy of forcible an
nexation of, distant Islands finds precedent In
the historic events I have mentioned ? The an
swer Is found In the bare statement of facts.
The territory acquired under Democratic ad
ministration is contiguous— the Philippine
Islands eight thousand miles distant. The ac
quisition of territory upon our own continent
added little to the national expense— to main
tain permanent soverlgnty over the distant
Islands necessitates immense expenditures upon
our army and navy- ' More ¦ than that. It con
templates methods of administration that per
tain not to the republic, but to the empire. Can
it be doubted that the attempt to stifle . the
spirit of- liberty abroad would imperil popular
government at home ?
The policy of aggressive expansion — of sub
jugation of distant Islands — pursued by : the
present administration finds no precedent in the
peaceful cession of . the Louisiana country by
Napoleon, that of Florida by Spain, nor that yet
later of the vast Western area by Mexico. The
territory : acquired under Democratic adminis
tration was, with favorable climatic conditions,
the fit abode for men of our own race., At the
time of annexation It passed under the rule of
the Anglo-Saxon, who carried with him our
language and our laws. It was territory con
tiguous to our own, and acquired j with the de
clared Intention— when the conditions and popu
lation would Justify— of carving It Into States.
Thfc result, millions of American homes, our
national wealth Increased beyond the ¦ dream
of avarice, and the United States chief among
the nations of the earth.
. The Demoratlc party has ever been the ad
vocate of wise territorial expansion. It was In
control of the Government during forty years
of the . first" half of the present century.' . Dur
ing that period new ; States were admitted into
the Federal Union, and our western border ex
tended beyond the Mislssippl. . Out of the Louis
iana country — acquired under the first ' Demo
cratic administration — have been carved four
teen magnificent States. Under a later Demo
cratic administration— and as the result of the
treaty which terminated' our war with Mexico—
we acquired California and neighboring States
and Territories, thus bringing under our flag, to
remain forever, the vast expanse stretching to
the Pacific Ocean. • - .
to our former allies In" their efforts to secure
their liberties. For the first 'time in our his
tory we are boldly confronted with the ques
tion of "imperialism — the spirit of the empire."
- This Is Indeed the supreme question to which
aJl others are of secondary importance. Before
we break irrevocably with the past and aban
don the doctrines of the fathers, it Is well that
we deliberate upon the consequences of a per
manent departure from the settled govern
mental policy of more than a century. The
success of the imperialistic policy . foreshadows
the empire. Shall the closing . hours of, the
century witness the American people abandon-
Ing the sure pathway In which past generations
have formed prosperity and happiness, and em
barking upon that of aggression and conquest,
acalnst which we are warned by the wrecks
that He along the entire pathway of history?
Standing out against the new policy of con
quest, with all that It Involves of European
complication, are the warnings of the founders
of the republic. Out of fashion as It may ap
pear, I quote the last words of Washington to
the oncoming generations of his- countrymen:
'"The great rule of conduct for us In regard. to
foreign nations is, in extending our commer
cial relations, to have with them as little
political connection as possible." It was the
author of the Declaration of Independence who
said: "Our first and fundamental maxim
should bo never to entangle 'ourselves In the
broils of Europe." Is It not well to ponder
these warnings before permanently embarking
upon nn untried- pathway beset with foreign
Jealousies, complications and antagonisms? .'
I Upon every phase of our foreign policy,- the
language ¦ of the Democratic platform is too
clear to admit of. misconstruction. . It f favors
trade expansion - by all peaceful and .lawful
means. - ; We -• believe = that ¦ liberty. , as ; well ¦• as
the constitution, follows the flag. : Democrat*,
in common with' many. Republicans, oppose. the
Porto Rlcanlaw.as a, violation of the consti
tution and. a flagrant breach of ; good faith
toward a dependent people., It Imposes govern
ment without the consent of the i governed. ¦ It
is In conflict with " that provision of the . con
stitution - which declares that v, "duties - im
ports and excises ehall be; uniform throughout
the United States."", Believing ¦ that this : con
stitutional - provision . applies ¦ to i every part I of
the United" States.: we condemn the . tariff tax
ution Imposed by ; a Republican Congress - upon
the helpless . and : distressed ; peopje « of : ¦•. Porto
Rico. Such legislation— Inspired solely by
greed— Is Indeed the : harbinger of evil >to-the
republic. ¦ The attempt to : collect unjust taxes
with, one hand, and, with: the other, to -return
them in part to a plundered people, , is i utterly
without constitutional warrant or Justification.
We ' cl ve I our earnest assent ' to the declaration :
"Our plain duty Is to abolish all custom tariffs
between, the United States and Porto Rico." and
give her products access do our markets.".^ No
party exigency or pressure '¦ could : Justify \£i de
parture by the ' President , from the plain ipath
way of duty; he had here so ¦ clearly . indicated."
The law Imposing tariff duties upon the people
of ¦ Porto ' Rico ¦ i» a ¦. palpable . violation s of the
constitution, • and a\ flagrant ; breach of -t the
pledced. faith of, the, nation. .
The ; Democratic ' platform . condemns ; the '-. pol
icy pursued* by > the ! present' administration
toward the Philippine .- Islands. '^ This ; policy-
Inspired by the great spirit of commercialism—
has embroiled our Government in an,unneces
sary . war, sacrificed valuable lives f and ; placed
the American ¦ republic . In deadly ~ antagonism
Foreign Policy.
A question . l« yet to be discussed; to which
all of these are of secondary importance. >» It
Is solemnly ¦> declared by ¦¦ our platform to be
of paramount issue. Questions of .domestic
policy, however important, may be but ques
tions of the hour — that of imperialism Is for
time. In the presence of this stupendous issue
others seem as the dust In the balance. In
no sense paltering: with words, it Is the su
preme question, of republic "or empire, t The
words of the eminent Republican Senator.' Mr.
Hoar, challenge attention: "I believe that per-
Beverance in this- policy will be the abandon
ment of the principles upon which our Govern
ment is founded, that It will change our. Gov
ernment into an empire, that our methods of
legislation, of diplomacy, of ..- administration
must hereafter be those which belong to em
pires, and not these which belong to repub
lics." .
Needed Reforms.
At this hour I can but allude In brief words
to other needed reforms, to which the atten
tfon of the country is called by the Democratic
platform. Prominent among these Is such en
largement of. the scope of the interstate com
merce law as will protect the public from un
just transportation rates and individuals from
unfair discrimination. As Is well known, this
law has failed to effect the wise purpose for
which It was enacted. .In fact. It is now little
more than a dead letter upon the statute
books. Under well considered amendments, the
commission should be vested with ample power
to prevent Injustice both to individuals and to
the public. .
Our platform favors the creation of a de
partment of labor, whose chief officers shall
take rank with other constitutional advisers of
the President. This is in the interest of Justice,
and will prove an important step looking to the
proper recognition and encouragement of the
producers of wealth.
In explicit terms It favors liberal pensions
to our soldiers and Bailors and to those de
pendent upon them.
With equal Justice, It reiterates the demands
of a former Democratic platform for.bimetal
lism; the restoration of silver to its proper
function in our monetary system.'
For the protection of the home laborer It de
mands the enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
act. ' ¦ »
And In the interest of an enlarged commerce
it favors the immediate construction . of the
Nicaraguan canal. ¦ This, however, with the
provision that it shall remain forever under
the exclusive ownership and control of the
United States. The pending Hay-Pauncefote
treaty Is condemned as a surrender of Ameri
can rights, not to be tolerated by the Ameri
can people. In the construction and control
of this great work, there can be no concession
of right to any European power. Commercial
Interest. ¦ and national • safety in time of war,
nllke demand Its permanent ownership by our
••m-m i 'i 'i -I; : : 'H' i"i"i •: m-i-h-m-i
beneficiaries colossal fortunes and largely In
creased to the people the cost of the necessa
ries of life. The baleful but logical result of
the tariff law, condemned by our platform. Is
seen in the sudden growth of giant monopolies,
combinations In restraint of lawful trade, and
"trusts" more threatening than foreign foe to
the existence of popular government. Believ
ing that "wherever there Is a wrong there
must be a remedy," the Democratic party will
favor such legislation as will curb the spirit of
monopoly, and place an effective barrier against
the unlawful combinations of capital which now
prove an Insuperable obstacle to legitimate en
terprise and Investment. The deadly power of
the trust Is felt In all channels of trade. This
Is but the beginning. It Is too much to say
that unless restrained by wholeBOtne laws, wise
ly and efficiently administered, the danger be
comes appalling? . Fostered by the .Dlngley
tariff law, the trusts during the present Re
publican administration have enormously In
creased In number and In power. A determined
effort for their suppression must now be made.
Delay would etill further endanger every law
ful business interest of the country. The im
perative necessity for a remedy being conceded,
the question arises: Into whose hands shall
be committed the work of formulating laws
looking to the suppression of trusts? To whom
Fhall be entrusted the execution of such laws?
Shall it be to the victims or to the beneficiaries
of the overshadowing evil? If to the latter,
then a further lease of power to the present
administration Is all that la needed. Can any
sane man believe that the trust evil is one that
will cure itself, - or that Its destruction will
be compassed by those to whom it has brought
princely fortunes? If so, let him point to a
single honest attempt of Republican officials to
enforce the law now upon our statute books
against the most stupendous commercial evil
known to any period of our history- The Dem
ocratic part^k stands pledged to • an unceasing
warfare against private monopoly In . every
form. It demands the enforcement of existing
laws against trusts, and the enactment of laws
yet more stringent. It wisely demands public
ity as to the affairs of corporations engaged !;i
Interstate commerce. As 'one means to the Im
portant end of curtailing the power of trusts
we favor such amendments of our tariff laws
as will place the products of trusts upon the
free list and thereby prevent monopoly under
the plea of protection. During . almost four
years of absolute Republican control of all de
partments of the- Government, the trust evil
has grown to its present overshadowing pro
portions. What finger has been lifted for its
suppression? With Its friends again entrenched
In uower what hope Is held out for the fu
ture?
departure from all the traditions of the past;
from the high ideals of the founders Qf the
republic. It abrogates the holding of our
great court that the Declaration of Independ
ence is the spirit of the Government— the con
stitution but its form and letter. Imperialism
knows nothing of limitations of power. Its rule
is outside the constitution. It means the es
tablishment by the American republic of the
colonial methods of European monarchies. It
means the right to hold alien peoples as sub
jects. It enthrones force as the controlling
agency in government. It means the empire.
As a necessary corollary to imperial-
Ism will come the Immense standing
army. The dread of militarism will be
f«>lt in the New World, as it Is In the
Old. ,. The . strong arm of power will be
substituted for the peaceable agencies which
for more than a century have made our people
contented and happy. It was Jefferson who
said: "A well disciplined militia— our best re
liance In peace and for the first moments of
war." True at the beginning of the century
with a few millions of population, no less true
at the close, as we stand In the forefront of
the nations with a population of 80,000.000. The
result of our recent conflict with Spain gives
emphasis to the prophetic . words of Jefferson.
Existing conditions In continental Europe—en
tailing taxation and misery to the verge of
human endurances-illustrate by sad ' object
lessons the inevitable result of large standing
armies in time of peace. Shall we still give
heed to the warning of the great age of the
revolution or enter upen a. new century with
European monarchies as our. model? Without
a' large standing army, but relying upon the
patriotism and courage of American manhood,
we were victorious In the second war with
Great Britain, with Mexico, in the great civil
strife and with Spain. ,In the light of history,
can it . be ¦ possible that the American people
will consent to the permanent establishment of
a large standing army, and Its consequent con
tinuing and ever Increasing burden of taxation?
We are told that our republic Is now to be
come "a world power" In the highest sense—
with the Declaration of Independence as its
corner stone— It has been In all its past a
world power. It has been the lofty Ideal to
all "liberty loving people: the model for all
builders of republics for more than a century.
In the -sense used by imperialists the expres
sion Is one of terrible significance. It necessi
tates the methods and equipments of mon
archies. It means the creation and mainte
nance by our republic of standing armle<»
equal to those of the world powers of Europe.
At no less cost can be hold place as a world
power. Study existing conditions in European
nations and know what all this means to us.
It means taxation to the verge of despair. It
means, as has been truly said, "that every la
borer must carry an armed soldier upon his
back as he goes to his dally toll." All history
teaches that the corner stone of Imperialism
is the force of the standing army. :
We stand 100 years from the hour when the
political forces were gathering which were to
result In the election of the first Democratic
President. The anniversary election of the
masterful day in our history was wisely chosen
for the assembling in convention of the repre
sentatives of the historic party whose founder
was Jackson and whose platform Is the Dec
laration of Independence. In the great struggle
now upon us. we Invoke the co-operation of all
who revere the memory of our. fathers, and to
whom this Declaration Is not unmeaning parch
ment, but the enduring chart of our liberties.
Upon the supreme issue now In the . forefront—
and to the end that Republican government be
perpetuated — we appeal to the . sober judgment
.and patriotism of the American people.
Mr. Stevenson closed at 20 minutes
to 6 .o'clock and Senator Jones Immedi
ately declared the meeting adjourned sine
die. ..
Mr. Stevenson was liberally applauded
when he closed.
'•.•'¦•' • ¦ ¦ ¦
MASS MEETING
il\l HONOR OF BRYAN
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 8.— A .mass
meeting was held to-night at Tomklnspn
Hall, which was presided over by Carter
H.^Harrlson, Mayorjof Chicago, and ad
dressed by. Mr. Bryan and Webster Davis.
The meeting was not called to order until
8:30 o'clock, but ; the hall, which is a large
one, was filled an hour before that time.
;:'. Mr. \ Bryan, was received .with .vociferous
applause when he arrived. In opening the
meeting Mr. Harrison made :: a brief
speech. He said the people had got
: ''tired of Mark Hanna and . his band of
freebooters? >and were turning to the
Democratic party for relief. Mr. Har-
Tlson also referred in condemnatory terms
of the. operations of the trusts as the
great and growing evil ¦: of the day, and
threatening the very, existence of our in
stitutions.": He denounced Imperialism and
militarism as repugnant ' to = all who be
lieve In a republican form of government.
• In - conclusion, Mr." Harrison ¦ prophesied
the : election ; of Mr. ; Bryan. ¦:¦ He then . in
troduced Mr. Bryan. When the applause
which greeted. Mr.- Bryan had concluded,
he said in part: .
;'* Mr ¦ Chairman, ladies and gentlemen: I am
obliged ' to Mayor Harrison for - his kind pro
phesy. He Is the , president of , a Democratic
club In Chicago that has celebrated Jackson's
birthday during each\ year since 189«. v I : have
¦been present at each : meeting of the club, and
he ¦¦ as " president of ; the club, has > nominated
: me '; for . president ', on ' four.; different "occasions.
He has got so : Into the habit that '¦ if you do
not elect me this . time • you : are colnc to em
barrass * Mayor < Harrison ¦ greatly. (Laughter
and 'applause.) '•'.' But, ¦_ speaking of mayors. I
want t to t say ¦: that , we are In a much • better
position : this year ,; than • we were in : 1808, be
cause K of :' the ¦; fact ; that ''¦ we . have control of
the i city " governments ' of - many. . If not most
of .' the large ; cities of : this country, i .
SENATOR HANNA
LEAVES FOR BOSTON
¦NEW' YORK, Aug: 8.— Senator ¦ Hanna,
chairman t of . i the'!': National /Republican
Committee,-, left ! this ; city < for; Boston ; this
afternoon- to look •"over,. the swork * of i this
subcommittee and examine . the ; political
situation f- In - general. , "- Mr. ' Hanna: an
nounced ?. to-day v. that ¦ the ad\*lsory :. com
mittee j, to ¦- the ; National . Committee ,¦ Is now
practically,- completed" and that j he j would
make ¦ known '" the - names ; of the members
early* next Xweek.'r : y . ;
*v Among the callers at the national head
quarters to-day a was Collis P. • Huntingdon.
\ S.^Heath,- secretary/ of. ; the <¦ Na
tional -Committee, :; left for ¦ Chicago "this
afternoon.' • He ' expressed ;. regret .that ¦; he
The Filipinos do not need any encouragement from any American now living.
Our whole history has been an encouragement/
God himself placed in every human Heart the love of liberty.
We cannot repudiate the principle of self-government.
Sympathy for the Boers does not arise from an unfriendliness toward, England.
Militarism will inevitably change the ideals of our young men from acts of peace to
A monarchy— a king gives to the people what he believes to be a good' government.
In a republic the people secure for themselves what they believe to be a good govern-
It is not necessary to own people to trade with them.
• ... . • . . ¦ ,¦¦-•- >...-¦¦¦ . ¦ -
A LARGE standing army is ever a menace to a republican form of government.
f-\ A republic can have- no subjects. , . ,
When we made allies of the Filipinos we disputed Spain's title. Spain's title was based
We were at liberty to deal with the, Filipinos according to* American principles.
Heretofore this nation has been prompt to express its sympathy with those who were
fighting for civil liberty. * | / <**>—¦ .- • •'". ",-'.»^
Our opponents seek to confuse imperialism with expansion.
.A colonial policy means a few traders,' -a few taskmasters, a few office-holders and a
The question is not what we can do, but what we ought to do. •
I oppose the sordid doctrine that would place a price on the life of an American soldier.
I thought it safe to trust the American people to give independence to the Filipinos.
I believe that we are in a better position to wage a successful contest against impe-
SOME SPECIMEN SENTENCES FROM
BRYAN'S SPEECH OF ACCEPTANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY; AUGUST 9, 1900^
THE AID OF GATLING GUNS, SAYS BRYAN
BUFFALO, Aug.- 8. — The National Association
of Window Manufacturers of America, includ
ing Canada and British Columbia, In session
here, elected the following officers: President.
Charles W. Morton. Sacramento. Cal. ; vice
president, Georsre W. .Ross, Boston: secretary,
Harry Lundy, South Bend, Ind. ; treasurer. I*.
Frank Baura, Chicago.
; WASHINGTON. Aug. 8.— The President has
appointed Daniel A. Tompklns of North Caro
lina a member of the Industrial Commission,
to succeed Ellison A. Smythe, resigned. Mr.
Tompklns is lamely identified with the cotton
Interests of the South and is one of the princi
pal owners of the Charlotte Observer.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, Aug. 8.— Negotiations
will be opened at an early date between the
strikers' committee and Manager White of the
Canadian Pacific for settlement of the trouble.
Since the men -quit work there has been no
communication whatever and prospects of a
settlement are brighter.
3
I DB. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-EOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Oat.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
. . /-^ _, sediment or set-
il/yul T\\>(^ tling indicates an
"¦"¦yvvO rS> rfc^sTToi unhealthy condi-
Xwk x^rC&aBfFPvli tioa of the kid "
WA fcrJRr i i r ne y s: lf u stalns
W'^V^^^To^l V0Ur Iinen ll te
iLfiT xTf^Zjl*^ evidence of kid-
JlG \\ / m TiLLffa ne / trouble: too
l%\yj}l F*y& Sequent desire to
* J *~t^S^T*-*-*-^*'^ pass it or pain in
¦ the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
"What to Do.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Roct, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
I to hold water and scalding pain in passing
, It, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root fa soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
I derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have tho
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery fC-'ff'*'
and a book that t;!ls ¦^•TpSDt^i^lii^"^
mere about it. both sentjjft^H^gfejff'ffi
absolutely free by mall. '
Address Dr. Kilmer & Home of Swamp-Root, j
Co., Blnghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in this paper.
iMio'idM 5«i»i*nBsiBi«*» ¦"* m«"™i «• ¦ •*• •* •* • 9 "** *** * n^rr^
4 Q'S Bottles, $3-20
Express Charges Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADB FOR MEDICIXA1* OR
family use. We glv« you the benefit of to*
middlemen's profit; besides, you ar* guaranteed
the certainty of
gggT PURE WHISKEY -^Bg
Nothing on case to Indicate contents. Uoney
refunded It not satisfactory. Twice tne prlc*
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRAIM & CO.. Distillers' Agents.
18 Montftomsry St.. S. P.. Cah
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
JviiS^ R^ORD AN ' S great f
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
s 9 lcsiiussxssr.ui.eatra.s.j'.&i.i
X Or The Lar?«t Anatomical Museum in the \
a Wend. Vr tkt ncrv>» or any contracted A
X -JfcralJJ d!se»<e p«r*UI»rly eartrfny the old-it Y
($ H£Z »3 3 Specialist ri t&i Coau. Use 36 year*
A ijS^Fi OS.*CaDjUr-PRIYATE DISEASES 4
\ j? (*V^i)3 Lo.-)«ulration freo »nd strictly pririte \
O n jLsO' n Tr« ument p»r%onally r>t by letter. AJ
v H Y c» k J*a*.tn* CW« in every caie muieTtaliea. \
ifl/f 11 ii V.' nte for Book. FUlUNIIFaVff i
W » J j'« aiABOUGC, MAILED ?KBO. iAW
& li (I valuable book for orn) \
9 OR. 3OUX> A>' & CO.. 10M Mar!tpt St.. 9. F. f
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: haa a
national reputation, and was on* ot the- tiw
schools selected to represent the deTelopmeat
cf commercial education at the Parts Exposi-
tion: over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In pcaltlons; 25 teachers: open th« «nttr»
year; new SO-pags catalogue free.
ST. MARTS COLLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will be resumed WEONZSDAT.
Aurust 1st. 1900.
BRO. ERMCfOLD. President.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Rooms. Gymnasium. Unitary Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS ATJOT7ST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL. T ?SL
It Is desired to correct an erroneous lmpres-
eton that Trinity School has been discontinue.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August «.
Only boys of good moral character arc taken.
O. S. MEAD. 2203 Central are.
ST. MATTHEW'S MI S
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address .
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
HAM LIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1843 Jackson it.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. - Letand Stanford Jr. 'Univer-
sity Vamiar and Smith Colleges. Reop*ns Au-
gust 5. 1900. SARAH D. HAMLIX. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC gggffiSI?
Has th» largest and best equipped departments
In the West. •* Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates in responslblo positions. Free cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal. ~
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
greet; seminary course accredited to th«
Universities: rare opportunities offered la music,
art and elocution. Writ* for catalogue to MR.-*.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collegs P. O.. Cal.
.Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aug. S. 18*}.
MlTVCAV^fHOAI OF SHORTHAND. TYP-
jnUWjUil iWllOUL INO. BOOKKKEPIXO
AND SPANISH." T. M. C. A. B'ld.K. Day and
evening students admitted any time. Lessons
by mail. MRS. E. M. CARPENTER, successor
to M. E. Phillips. ¦
NEWSPAPER SaSazike
Illustration. PARTINGTON'S resumes Augu-s
1. Day and night classes. Apply R. U PART-
INGTON. 414 Pine St.. S. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young Udles. 1129
California «.. will reopen Au«v.st «. 1900. Ac-
credited to the ¦UnlT«r»ltle»: primary department
for children: carriaee will call. REV. EX>»
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. haa
teen removed - to Irvlngton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably . beautiful: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of building* and groundj in-
rlted. W. VT. ANDERSON. ITmclpaL .
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE,
lO'irt MAKKJiT ST.— Actual business book-
iZOO keeping; only expert .accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand.
the easiest, f attest, and moat re»labi«. Ua»
and evening.
Gloria
Shoes.
Those Pingree-rriade
••GLORIA" boots for
wo men are ve ry hand-
some, Indeed. Pains-
takingly made, they
fit like the proverbial
glove— without a squeeze
or a pinch.
NO ONE ELSE HAS THEM.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA: SHOE CO.
10 Third St., San Francisco.Italian ..Citizens to Hold Services in
"¦ of the Late King
/~ Humbert.
Memorial senicesi in respect to the
memory; of '• King • Humbert I ¦ of . Italy will
b© held at MetropolitaJi Temple this after
noon, 'commencing, atil o'clock.
y. The; committee having the 'affair in
charge has received a* telegram from Gen
eral Shatter.: stating- that • on account ¦- of
illness he would be unable- to -attend the
ceremony ' and expressing his regret. , He
will be represented : by: his staff officers. ..
-The following programme has been ar
ranged:;; '-r '-; -
- "Funeral March'.' (Chopin), Spadlna's Band;
"Nearer, ; My . God, ' to Thee' ' v (Reeves), band ;
English oration,' Hon.- Samuel M.;8hottrldge;
lntermesszo from ' "Cavalleria Rustlcana" '(Mas-
caE-nt). '- band ; "Elegry" ; r (Bellini). -• Slgnora 1 Vit
toria ¦¦¦ Italia n Repetto, ' soprano; . "Ave >. Maria"
( L.uzzl), Signer Domenleo Russo, tenor; ' prayer
irom "Simon '¦¦ Boccanegra". (Verdi); • Signor
Alessandro^Nlceolinl.-. basso :¦; selection ; from
Rossini's "Stabat ¦• Mater" . (Mercadame),". band:
Italian oration.' Chev. Joseph Calegarls; prayer
from ¦¦ "I * ¦ L«ombardl"_ (Verdi),-., band; • "Salve
Maria" ¦ (Mercadante), Slgnorlna Lia Pollettinl.
contralto ; prayer,' . "Pieta •' Signer* ',:'¦ (Stradella),
t-lgnor GiuseppeFerrari.'.barytone; /'Invocation
to God"- (Maiiani), Signor G. S. Wanrell, basso;
Italian Royal March, band. '. ;
WILL GATHER: TO MOURN .
DEMISE J3F MONARCH
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
. SANTA CRUZ.' Aug. 8.-A campaign chorus
and glee club has be*-n organized by the Re
publicans of this city. c
BUTTE. Mont., Aug." 8.— The plant of the
Parrott Mining, .Company, was burned this
afternoon. The loss -is $100,000; Insurance,
$45,000. .'•¦•¦¦.¦:' • . • ¦ ¦ ¦
SANTA CRUZ. Aug.' «.— Amiss Zlegler. th*>
wife ¦ murderer. Is to be arraigned- In' Judga
CragntU's court . to-morrow , morning at 10
o'clock. ¦ ¦ ¦.¦;•¦• \- • .'¦¦¦'I f.'" ; "
¦ SANTA. ANA; Aug. ; 8.— Domenleo Laurito
was to-day bound over to the Superior Court
In the sum of $2000 • to answer to • the charge
of arson. :
• SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 8.— The $10,000 bond elec
tion in the Ross Valley Sanitary District, was
carried to-day- without a dissenting vote.: The
money will be used for Improvements.--'-- .'-'.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8.-The continuation of
the hearing of the ease of Capitalist Malnes
against Mr. and Mrs. Slovlnskl. on the charge
of blackmailing, went over until to-morrow, f
*:• 8AN > RAFAKL. Auk.' S.— Marin County citi
zens are making grand preparations for ; the
opening of the Marln-Sonoma Counties District
Fair, .which will be held In Santa Rosa, during
October.! :¦:-. .... .- . . ... ,> x -.-."
¦ STOCKTON, Aug.' 8.— Captain Al "Williams,
who shot and I killed , Conductor William Martin
late last Wednesday night, *. was : held -3 to-day,
without ball, to answer to the charge of mur
der.\;;\-:. :. -s : i ,:. .-,-;¦ .... • , • -:¦-'¦¦..
: PItESCOTT, Ariz., Auir. 8.— The Prescott City
Council has Becured water rights in the Chlno
Valley amounting to over 600.000 gallons ¦ dally
and will at once lay a pipe line throughwhlch
to pump ithe:. water -for. the: city's* supply.- ".*
fl SANTA- CRUZ.-i Au*.V 8.— The : salmon run
commenced < again '= to-day. • They are reported
quite plentiful In the bay as are sea bass an!
barracuda. W. R. Welch; the ; Game "Warden
of > this county, Is to • stock Kelly Lake with
black ; bass. ;.
SANTA- ROSA; .Aug., 8.— A youth named
Henryx SImmonds -, pleaded guilty to a . charge
of burglary : in , Judge . Burnett's court to-day.
He admitted that he and a boy named O'Brien
escaped - from < the , lone School -~ last month.
SlmmondB.wllI be sentenced -Monday. .. : - -.-.
/¦¦ SANTA CRUZ, , Aujr. r . 8.— The Woman's Aid
Society . has elected these officers: - President,
Mrs. ¦-. Frank Menefee.-j ilrat vice president. . Mm.
Martha Wilson ; second ~ vice ¦ president, > Mrs.
W. :¦ E.V Miller; neeretary. • Mrs.^ Ixmisa .- Dren
nan: * treasurer, Mnc H. N. Blackburn; direct
ors.vMesdimeg M.-E/ Fayen;- Q. P. Lund,: G.
W.^KIrby, A. Bedell.
HUGO. Colo., Aug. 6.— Fred Merrick and
Mart V. Sides, cowboys^ arrested' on sus-
Dlcdon of being the Union Paciflc hold-ups
and murderers, were released this after
pp~» tor lack of evidence.-
Cowboy. Suspects Released.
A game of ball is to be played between a
nine selected from Troop B and the Santa
Cruz nine on Friday afternoon. -; liJIftgCgM
This morning the troop took a trip to
the State military camp at De Laveaga
Heights. On their return they had com
pany drill.
Adjutant Seaman and Adjutant-Bang
ham, who have been at camp, returned
to-day to Sacramento. JHHMI
SAJCTA CRUZ. Aug. 8.— Troop C of Sa
linas broke camp this morning after at
four days' stay. The troop presented a
tine appearance as It rode through the
streets. • It will be at Capltoia to-day and
to-night, Thursday night at Watsonvllle
and will arrive at Salinas Friday
Troop B of Sacramento Is enjoying the
mild climate. They often don their bath
ing suits, mount their horses and ride Into
the surf. iMMHM
Leaves Santa Cruz.
?r**cial Dinpatcii to The Call.
TROOP C HOMEWARD BOUUD.
One of the State Cavalry Companies
BAKER6FIELD. Aug. 8.— Frank CofTe
shot and killed a Mexican vaquero at San
Emidlo. forty miles southwest of here,
this afternoon. Soon after the killing
Coffe notified the Sheriff by telephone of
what he had done. He Informed the Sher
iff that the Mexican had tried to attack
his (Coffe'F) little daughter. Coffe Etarted
aft«»r the Mexic-an and the latter picked
up a pitchfork and attacked Coffe. wh*»n
the latter pulled his pistol and Bhot the
Mexican dead. No witnesses were pres
ent. Coffe informed the Sheriff that he
would come to JJakersfield in the morn
ing and surrender. An attempt was made
to pet further details of the affair, but
without avail. Coroner Buckreus and As
sistant District Attorney Dorsey left for
the scene of the killing to-night. Frank
Coffe Is superintendent of the Kern Coun
ty Land Company's cattle Interests on
the San Emidlo ranch. He Is an ex-
Confederate soldier and bears the reputa
tion of a peaceable, upripht citizen. His
Mory of the cause of the killing 1s • be
lieved here by his many friends.
Who Attacked a Girl.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Killing of a San Eznidio Vaquero
SLAYS A BBUTE..
Pensions were granted to-day as follow?
California: Original— Frank Brother,
Yountvill*" (Soldiers' Hornet. t%: John R.
Jessup. Rakersfield. Jfi. Increased—Abra
ham W. Rapelye. Soldiers' Home, Los An
pelep. ?12: William McElhanon. Stockton.
$£; William T. Rookafcllow, L,os AnKeles,
$30; Henry B. Hall. Veteran?' Home
Napa. Pi. Original widows — Mary S. Ad
am?. Long Beach. V>; Mary Jane Arnold,
J.akeport, $S; Juiia A. Wilson, Montaloo,
th.
Wafhinpton: Original— William J. No
rin. RItrvIlle, SS.
The exoe<5 receipts of the San Francisco
-PoFtofflce for July were $S1.6*>, against
S74.2SG for July. 1S39. The receipt* of the
• Los Angeles Poetoffice for the eame
month were J1S.1GX, against !1S,429 for July
of last year.
Orognn- AVhitcson. Yamhill County. Ed-
Tvard Miner, vice E. M. Garrison, de
ceased.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— Fourth-class
Postmasters were appointed to-day as fol
lows:
California— Beverly, Sierra County. "VV.P.
McComas, vice H. E. Averell. resigned;
Descanso. San Dlepo County, Charles El
lis, vice J. G. McCormac. resigned: Guad
alupe. Santa Barbara County, K. E. Gris
inKher. vice L.. P. Sanford. removed; Vir
ginia. San Diepo County, Ignatius Ker
lin. vice Mary Williams, resigned; War
ner, San Diego County. H. G. Wilson, vice
Henry Wilson, resigned.
Pensions Granted.
Special Dlssstch to The Call.
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
BOY MURDERER
TELLS THE STORY
OF HIS CRIME
Fred Himes, Who Poisoned His
Father at Fresno, Testifies
aj the Inquest.
IT IS A REMARKABLE NARRATIVE
To-Day the Three LitUe Boys Impli
cated Will Be Formally Charged
With Murder.
W. M. Himes died at the County Hospi
tal at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. Preced
ing his death the father .was visited by
his little daughter Bessie and an affecting
scene took place. ,Tne girl threw her arras
around the dying man's neck and kept
crying VPapa, papa" until the hospital at
tendants ledher away. Himes believed
until the last that he would recover.^MBH
A deputy sheriff communicated the news
to Fred Himes, ' the * youthful pa*ricide.
"It's pretty tough," said the youngster
without the least sign of emotion.
The. public prosecutor is satisfied that of
the boys Fred Himes at least is fully ac
countable for his crime under subdivision
1 of section 26 of the Penal Code., His
carefully laid plans and the - statements
made bv him snow that he clearly under
stood the wrongfulness of his act.- The
other boys will ; be prosecuted as any other
murderers would -be, and the matter- of
punishment will be left to the discretion
of the court. , ; v
Affecting Deathbed Scene.
The boy's only excuse for the crime was
that his father was mean to him and
drank a good deal.
"1 never thought. of killing him before,"
said he. "but when we lived at Santa
Cruz I often wondered how he did not
break his neck coming home full over the
grade. He never got bo full but what he
could eland up, though."
He was linaily asked if he had ever read
poison stories, and declared that he did
not care much for novels. He read school
books mostly. The last novel he read was
one called the "Bag of Diamonds." and
there was nothing aoout poison in it.
The inquest was conducted by Ueputy
District Attorney Church and only tnree
witnesses were examined. Two of these
were physicians, who testified as to^the
cause ot death. The third was Fred
Himes. who administered tne poison. The
boy's testimony agreed - in every detail
with the. statement made by him at the
time ol his arrest. His tact in answering
questions and his memory- of conversa
tions between himself and his accomplices
were marvelous. The three boys will be
formally charged with murder to-morrow.
• The Coroner s inquest on the remains of
the dead man was concluded, at 10 o'clock
to-night.- The Jury brought, in -a verdict
of "d«-ath from inflammation of the bowels
caused ; by arsenical poisoning, : the same
having been administered Ify. Fred Himes,
son of the deceased."
His Excuse for the Crime.
Fred Bald his father was the only, one
that drank coffee. • On cross-examination
the lad testified that after his father haA
been eating a few minutes he got up and
went out, saying something was the mat
ter with his heart. Elmer Martin sus
pected that the poison- had made him
sick, but Fred said he did not think so.
They washed the dishes and went to bed,
Sleeping all night. He got up once and
gav« his father a drink of water.
"I talked with Frankie about it
four or five days before I did it," was
the answer. "He agreed that it was
a good plan, so we just sat down and
figured it out. Father -was at -work.
He had whipped me that day."
The lad next explained how he, his
brother Frankie and his cousin Elmer
were going to do ranch work with the
horses and wagon. Klmer was to buy a
half interest in the outfit, paying $25 for
one of the horses and $40 for his share of
the wagron.
"Didn't you know you would have to
bury your father?" was asked.
"We didn't think about that," answered
the boy. "Of course, 1 knew he would
have to be buried, but I didn't say any
thing about It."
"When did you first think of kill
ing your father?"
Fred said his brother Frankie gave him
10 cents on Friday to help buy the poison.'
He was asked why he administered the
dose Saturday evening, and he said it
was because he knew his father would not
work on Sunday.
Flan a Division of Himes' Assets.
"Well, I told him I was going to
do it, and he said he thought it would
be a good plan. He asked me what I
was going to do with the horses and
wag-on. I told him I wanted to keep
the wagon. He asked me when I was
going to give father the poison, and
I told him that evening. Then we
went down town and bought the
'Rough on Rats' and waited."
After answering a few preliminary
questions Fred stated that his father was
taken sick about a quarter of an hoar
after he had begun to oat supper. Be
sides his father and himself, his two
brothers, Frankie and Ed, and his cousin,
Elmer, were present. He said he put the
poison In the coffee while it was cooking
about half an hour before supper. At
that time his father and younger brothers
were in the yard fixing the wagon. The
boy said he had told his cousin Elmer
about the plot that ¦ morning. He . was
asked to relate the conversation he had
with Elmer.
The crowd craned their necks as the
13-year-old murderer walked briskly up
and took the oath, preparatory to telling
one of the most remarkable stories ever
related on a witness stand.
It was at the Coroner's Inquest that had
been summoned to sit in the case of \\\
M. Himes, who had died to-day, as the' re
sult of poison administered to him by one
of his sons, Frederick Himes; aided and
abetted by a younger brother and cousin.
FRESNO. Aug. . 8.-"Take the stand,
Fred." said Deputy District Attorney
Church to-night.
THREE FRESNO TOTS WILL \
'BE ACCUSED OF MURDER.
FREDERICK H I M E S,
AGED 13. •
FRANK HIMES, HIS
BROTHER, AGED 7.
ELMER MARTIN, THEIR
COUSIN, AGED 10.
They will be accused of
causing the death of W. H.
Himes, their fathsr and uncle,
by administering poison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Result of the Sunday Night Tragedy
. at Bear Harbor.
Special ; Dispatch to The Call. ,
COVELO, Aug. 8.— Information from
Bear Harbor reports the death of Davia
French, ,-the .victim -.of . Sunday*" night'*,
tragedy, who was shot and killed *by = his
rival. Benjamin Smith, with his ."'sweet
heart's pistol. Smith Is In a critical con*
dltion from wounds inflicted : before ; the
ehootlngr with a bar of Iron In the hands
of . French. • Miss Mattle Jensen, for
whoso hand 'the men : were suitors, < haa
been in a state of collapse since the hour
of the tragedy, y^ggBtegSMMHMBBMMBd
ONE DEAD, THE OTHER: DYING.
SENSATIONAL WILL CASE.
Relatives of Bailie of Bolinas to Make
a Contest.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 8.— Attorney James
W. Cochrane to-day filed a suit to con
test the estate of Robert D. Bailie of Bo
llnas. who died a short time ago. In the
complaint he charges fraud and undue in
fluence: that when Bailie was alive he
possessed property valued at ?SO,000, and
that after his death the will was filed by
a neighbor, wrjo set forth in the applica
tion for letters of administration that tha
estate was worth only $700. The deeds to
the property were put on record, and
when the case was called Monday it was
found that A. S. McCurdy had signed his
father's name as witness. This made the
will invalld'and the relatives of deceased
will contest the estate, of which Public
Administrator Eden will have charge.
LOSES HIS WIFE.
Los Angeles Fireman Fears His
Spouse If ay Be Dead.
Bpeclal Dispatch ' to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 8.— Melvin Young.
one of the firemen of the Seventh-street
engine house, reported to the police this
morning that his wife. Mrs. Gertrude Ma
bel Youns, had left her home at 2112 "West
Seventh - street Monday evening and has
not since been heard from. The couple
have been married eleven months. Young
fears his wife may have drowned herself
In the lake at the park. Mrs. Young ta
about 21 years old. five feet high, with
golden hair and round, red cheeks. When
she left home Mrs. Young was clad In a
pink skirt and a white shirt waist. She
wore no cloak and had no money or Jew
elry about her person.
EITHER WHITE OR MATTHEWS.
Special . Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, Aup. 8.— "The Demo
cratic candidate for Congress from this
district -will b« either former United
States Senator Stephen M. White or Gen
eraJ JohnR. Matthews, who was up to a
few months ago Postmaster of Los An
geles. All other aspirants for the nomina
tion might Just as well save campaign ex
penses by. retiring from the contest. *
¦ This wa a a statement made by a lead
ing Democrat to-day. Neither Senator
White nor General Matthews desires the
nomination, but the nomination will be
thrust upon One of them at the conven
tion to be held next month in San Jose.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
"FRESNO, Aug. 8.— A big project"
jls on'foot here to' generat«rby water
.electric power In this county to fur
nish electricity to . San '., Francisco
and Intermediate points. A com
pany has been, organized for ' that
purpose and men are now engaged
making the surveys for the system.
The company Is known as the Fort
Miller Power Company and is capi
talized , t or^ $1,000,000, which Is fully
subscribed* The . directorate con
sists of five trustees as follows:
Walton Saunders, JAlfred J. Mor
gansteln, Thomas' O. Carter and
Chris Dunker. all of San Francisco,
and Fulton i G. "Berry of
The -power-house will be located
back of Miller ton and a line
will be run on as straight a line as
possible to the bay." following prob
ably the line of the Southern Pa
- clfic and furnishing power to : way
towns.
Population of Los Angeles.
Special : Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 8.— The mer
chants of Los Angeles who have dreamed
the census would show 150,000 residents in
this. city will have a rude awakening
when the figures are officially made pub
lic. -The nupplementary canvass made, by
the Chamber of Commerce has been com
pleted'and,-according to the figures, Los
Angeles has a population of between 191,
000 and 102,000. - ¦¦ ' ' - ¦
Killed by a^ Trolley. Car.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8.— While carriage
riding to-night with -a party of friends
Mrs.J. N. -Willard. 60 years of age. was
killed.-- an - electric car . crashing into
vehicle, t throwing the > occupants .to the
ground. Mrs. WFllard struck on her head
and was -almost instantly, killed. ,¦. The
other four occupants of the carriage were
severely Injured. ¦ ' - >
Monterey Farmers' Institute.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 8.— The annual
Monterey County Farmers'. Institute was
opened In this city to-day. Edward Ber
wick, a fruit grower of Carmel Valley,
acted as ; chairman of the institute and
opened. the morning. session with an ad
dress on the present prosperous condition
of the county and State.
The subject discussed to-day was "Mod
ern Farming in America and England, Es
pecially With Reference to the Growing
and Marketing of Fruit." Professor Jaffa
of the University of California gave some
examples of farming . in Denmark, from
which American farmers might, he said,
learn valuable and profitable lessons. Pa
pers were read by Professor, Douglass T.
Fowler of the University of California
and by Thomas William Cowan of Lon
don, chairman of the British Bee-Keepers'
Association. The Institute is being held
under the auspices of the University of
California.
POWER FROM
THE HILLS
OF FRESNO
Special Dlsratch to ''The Call.
: VALLEJO,.Aug. 8.— One of the prettiest
of naval weddings, which was the social
event of the season,- took place, to-day at
the Mare Island Chapel. The bride was
Miss Cornelia Lee - Macrae, formerly of
Virginia, and thegroom Lieutenant D. P.
Hall. U. S. M. C.
At 3 o'clock the wedding party entered
and to the strains of the -, Lohengrin
wedding march rendered by the naval
band proceeded to the altar. The ushers.
Lieutenant Jensen, Lieutenant Salladay,
Cnptaln Davis, U. S. M. C, and Construc
tor Bueret, - led the bridal ¦ procession.
i Next came ¦ the charming little, maid of
, honor, Miss Eleanor Phelps, daughter of
Lieutenant Commander T. S. Phelps, U.
i S._ N., In a dress of pink organdie over
pink silk. Then came the bride, unattend
ed, preceding her. brother.. Mr. Collins ' L.
Macrae, and Mr. Wingfleld Scott Jones.
The bridal party was met at the altar by
the groom, attended by his best man.
Lieutenant McDonald. U. S. N. The pret
ty bride's beautiful gown was of white
satin, en traine, slashed at the bottom
and filled In with white chiffon puffings
and ruchlngs.'the skirt being made over
a white taffeta silk underskirt. •¦* The waist
was cut high, with a lace collar, the front
draped. The sleeves were puffed and
shirred. The veil was of rare old lace
fastened with orange blossoms and pearl
¦pins. The bride wore as ornament a dia
mond pin.
j -The chapel was beautifully decorated
With flowers and potted plants, and the
edifice was crowded. '4The wedding cere
mony, according to 'the Kpiscopal ritual,
was performed by Chaplain A. A. McAl
lister," u.s. n/ , :¦.<¦ •• ¦
• Immediately after the ceremony the bri
dal party was driven to the home of Na
val Constructor and Mrs.. F. W. Hibbs,
U.S. N., where the reception was held.
The guests were met by Mrs. Hibbs and
Mrs. Macrae, mother of the bride. In the
spacious parlor of the Hibbs residence,
under a wedding bell of white sweet peas
and in a floral bower, stood the bride
and groom, receiving the best wishes of
their friends. The band played most en
chanting music during .the reception.
Light refreshments were served at small
tables by the following young ladles: Miss
Kellogg of San Rafael. Miss Miller of
Mare Island, dcughter of Admiral'- Miller,
and Miss Thompson of San Francisco,
first cousin of the bride and daughter of
Howard Thompson of the Bank of Cali
fornia.
The reception ended at 4:30 and at 5
o'clock the naval tug Unadiila conveyed
the : bride arid groom, accompanied by a
large number cf friends, to the railroad
depot at South Vallojo, where the happy
couple took the > train for Napa Soda
Springs, where the honeymoon will be
spent. •,-.
Marriage oF Miss Macrae
and Lieutenant Hall the
Season's Event.
W BATTl,E, Wash.. Aug. 8.— Advices from Cape Nome to July 31 report
-that the •discoveries^.qf. rich pay dirt in the benches on Dexter and An-
J^^ vll creeks have stimulated prospectors to action. Reports of new
V^ strikes were coming in dally, and it is predicted that when the rainy
season permits work on other claims many creeks will pay as well as
Anvil and Dexter. It Is now assured that winter work can be extensively
carried* on.' ' • '
Between Nikkila Gulch on the Anvil side and Grouse Creek on the Dexter
side fifty shafts are being sunk, and "many 50-cent pans have been taken
-out. The Loring bench claim is extremely rich and as high as JllOO.has
been rocked out in one day. Sixty thousand dollars was refused for this
claim. Other claims on Anvil and Dexter are promising. Bedrock. Is struck 1
at a depth of about forty feet, the ground being frozen -for about nine feet.
On Erlckson bench as high as $150 to the pan has been 'uncovered. On a.
bench at the head of Grouse Creek five feet of pay dirt has been struck at a
depth of fifty-tv.-o feet. It averages 10 cents and 15' cents to the pan. This
bench will be extensively worked this, winter.. u . •¦
These unexpected deposits of gold on the benches are accounted for by
the theory that an. old river bed runs along the .water shed now, separating
the Nome and Snake rivers. This whole section is being thoroughly pros
pected. . . ; . • .--. -¦* , ' ¦
There is much talk of railroad operations at Nome. At ¦ present but one
line is running-a five-mile narrow gauge— from tidewater to Discovery, claim , :
on Anvil Creek, being operated by Si G. Simpson and C. D. Lane. A 1 lne 1»
now projected from Port Clarence to Golovin Bay, to tap the rich ; inland
country back of Nome. . ... *. . \ '¦
Jafet Lindberg. known in Nome as. the '.'LuckyjSwede. has sent -a. pros
pecting party to Norton Sound. Their exact destination is secret, but Lind
berg says the new claims will prove very rich. • • '•',"•. /-wM ._
1 The district Is settling down to business. and there is less dissatisfaction
expressed than earlier in the season. A cut rate on second-class steamer,
tickets to the south bids fair to entirely remove the disgruntled ones ._ Sma -
pox has died out and there Is little sickness. Such as exists is largely pneu
monia and kindred Ills. Typhoid is practically unknown. .
TAYLOR CLINGS
TO KING'S TRAIL
NAVAL WEDDING :
AT MARE ISLAND
Marin County's SheriFf Is
Grimly Determined to Run
Down the Murderer.
Special DJ«pateh to Th« Call.
COVELO. Aug. 8.-Deputy Sheriff Red
wine returned to-night from the chase of
Murderer King, having left Sheriff Tay
lor and posse trailing the fugitives in the
direction of Paskenta on Tuesday. Dep
uty Redwine's retirement from the posse
was due to the hardships and uncertainty
of the chase. Redwine states Taylor
shows no signs of discouragement and de»
Clares he will his man before returning.
It Is believed King and the half-breed
Indian pilot have eluded the vigilance of
tho pursuing officers and are now working
back into the interior of the county. It
waa learned to-night that Deputy Sheriff
Grubbs of Laytonville proposes organiz
ing another posse and will institute an
other and more determined pursuit. Dep
uty Redwine has been expecting tele
graphic advices from Taylor's posse to
day. Sheriff Taylor promised to touch at
Paskenta or Weaverville and wire Red
wine a programme of the pursuit; but
nothing has been heard up to this hour.-
PRESIDENT
SAVES THE
CONDEMNED
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 8.-Presi
dent McKinley to-day granted a
" reprieve to the Halderman broth-/
ers. The following message was
received here this evening:
CANTON. Ohio, Aup. 8.— To Nathaj»
O. Murphy, Governor of the Territory I
of Arizona: I have reprieved until Fri
day, October : 5, the brothers Halder
man, sentenced to be hanged at Tomb
stone, August 10. Please lssua instruc
tions to . the proper officials and ac
knowledge and repeat and notify At- ¦
torney'General of the exchange. Formal
warrant sent by mall to you ; to-day. '
WILLIAM McKINLEY.. '
The dlspatcli was sent to the
Governor at Ash Fork, who tele
graphed to Sheriff White. White
notified the prisoners, to-night.
They received the news calmly,
stating they had never given up
the hope of justice.
MILITIA WILL FURNISH
FUNDS FOR THEIR CAMP
Companies C and D, Fifth Regiment,
Nr G. C, Will Not. Be Balked
by the Governor.
Special DlFpateh to The Call. \
PETALUMA, 'Aug. 8. — Company C of
Petaluma and Company D of San Rafael
will establish a joint camp at Bollnas on
the ISth of August. The camp will last
for four days and tho two companies will
journey to it entirely by foot. . The ex
penses of the camp, since Governor Gage
has refused to allow any of the ' State
funds for such purposes; will be: appor
tioned among the soldiers of each com
pany.
IN NATTY UNIFORMS.
Santa Cruz Natives Will Shine at the
Celebration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 8.— Santa ' Cruz
Parlor No.' 90, Native Sons ; of the Golden
West; expect to be ; well ¦ represented at
the Jubilee celebration in San 1 Francisco.
The committee in charge is B.K.i Knight,
M. Besse and R.H.' Pringie. "A neat, uni
form has been selected for the celebration.
The uniform will consist of a blue double
breasted coat with double'rows of brass
Eureka' buttons, a white felt hat." white
duck trousers and an elaborate badge.' ..*
¦ Watsonville parlor .will '¦ Join with r -the
Santa Cruz parlors. The .Watsonville
band has been engaged to accompany the
Sons to the celebration. The headquarters
will be at The Eugene, on O'Farrell street.
Killed in a Bail way Accident.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 8.— In a head
on collision' between the Spokane '; Falls
¦and Northern ' northbound passenger train
and a Great Northern engine last night
Fireman F. N. Hall was killed and Engi
neer Quill, /Engineer Vetter, a brother of
Mr.- Hall and a baggage-master were seri
ously.. Injured. A number .of -passenger*
were slightly Injured.
Ben Lomond Democratic Club.
Special . Dispatch to . The ¦ Call.
CRUZ, Aug. 8.— The first Bryan
and : Stevenson Club In the county A' has
been "organized at Ben Lomond. The ' of
ficers'are: President. A.. D. Duff ey^ vice
president. ' D. .• S. ; Jones: , secretary, • ll: S.
Flnley ; \ campaign , committee— Benjamin
Lloyd, Joseph Ball and W. ; G. Johnston."- :
Holns Extinguish Forest : Fires.
MAMMOTH HOT < SPRINGS. Wyo.,
Aug.' 8.— Reports received to : day; from the
vicinity of :. Yellowstone Lake are : that the
fires ¦ raging - in Yellowstone ! Park j have
been •extinguished by a -heavy: rain.iaud
everything shows that the loss Is, not serN
ous and that j travel has : not been Incon
venienced..'.: r -¦.::.- .; .t*
Train Strikes i Two Japanese.
# SAN; JOSE;- Aug. ; 8.— A buggy In 'which
were\twb' Japanese! names unknown,' 7was
struck "by ' the southbound :: train -Tof * the
Southern * Pacific -¦ Company.- at •- Campbell
this ; evening. The occupants iwere \ knock
ed. In opposite [directions about forty- feet
and sustained - fatal " injuries. Tho buggy
was . smashed Into . kindling ¦ wood.
Latest Reports Tell of Rich
I^ay Dirt on Dexter and
An viT Creeks.
¦¦•¦•¦¦¦¦' , . ¦"•-¦*'- : ..
Special Dispatch to" The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 8.— Scott Mc-
Keown, though barely, over 22 years of
age and reputed to have, spent $400,000. In
the past two 'years., is to-day In trouble
over a trifle of 135,000. He built a new
house. No.', 2316 Flgueroa street, and fur
nished It with all the luxurious appoint-*
nients suitable to his wealth and station.
To-day Contractor , C. J. Kubach attach
ed the house for an unpaid bill and then
other creditors turned up '/with : claims for
furniture, carpets, dry goods, chlnaware
and many "other things needed for a well
equipped house in Figueroa street.
, The, young: man since his recent mar
riage to Miss Dorothy Studebaker in Sari
Francisco has -been traveling over the
State. He returned • to the city yester
day and -was to-day served- with papers
In attachment. A" meeting of the cred
itors was called for this afternoon in the
law office of Miller & Brown, who "ore at
torneys for. Mr. McKeown. Among the
creditors are Barker Bros.,- H. F. Vol
mer and most of the big dry goods houses
in the city.
It ia said thai Mr. McKeown has $30,000
or $60,000 assets of his own, but they are
temporarily tied up. so as to'be out of
reach of the creditors, who are all, except
the contractor, unsecured. It Is said that
an Eastern representative of the Mc-
Keown family has arrived to tide over
the young man in his difficulty..
An Eastern Representative of the Fam
ily of thejoiiug Man Will
¦fc " Try to AM Him.
Scott McKeown, the Million
aire's Son, in Trouble
at Los Angeles.
MERCHANTS ATTACH HIS NEW HOUSE
BRIDEGROOM'S
HOME IN HANDS
OF CREDITORS
AMENDEMENTS
TO CONSTITUTION
GO TO PRINTER
Six Hundred Thousand Copies
to Be Struck Off and
Sent to Voters.
COURTS MOST SOLYE A PROBLEM.
Question as to One Amendment to
the Judiciary's Decision.
Secretary of State Curry Leaves a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. &.— Secretary of
Btale Curry this afternoon sent to State
Printer Johnston nine amendments to the
constitution to be voted on at the No
vember election. The State Printer will
make C00.O00 copies of each and they, will
then be forwarded to the County Clerks
of the State, to the number of one and a
half as many as there are voters in each
county and by the County Clerks w ; ll
be mailed to the voters.
A question having arisen as to which
amendment bearing on the creation of dis
trict courts of. appeal, whether that
adopted by the regular ses?!on of the Leg
islature of lhaa or that adopted at the
epexiai leadon of JVw should be sent to
tne printer; Secretary of State Curry de
cidea to eer.d the 011^ pat--£e;i at the spe
cial session. Mr. Curry's. action will en
able the brlrging of a suit in the courts
to decide, before the election, which of
the two amendments the people should be
afked to\ote upon.
The amendments are rs follows:
Adding a new section ta article IX, to be
numbered witll the next consecutive number
of Et-ctior.s to eaid article, relatirs: to exempt
ing- fn.m taxatiin all :>t(;r>eit}" ot "The Cali
furria School of Mechanical Am."
Aadinj? a new section to be kn«>vin and tleslg
naud :.* "tecLjon 10.' article IX," confirming
the founding of -the Iceland Stanford Junior
CnlvcTfity dclrgr-tins cfn-tatn i>owers to the.
irus-te.es thereof, a.nd ftuth^rizitig the exemp
tion of certain of its property lrom taxation.
Amending article VI of the constitution re
lating to the judicial department, and ereat'
ing three / j ;.. ;;.-n- Uistrict Courts. - '
Amending ankle XIII, by adding a new
pection tl.ereta, to be known a? section 1%. re
lating to tae exemption from taxation of all
bonds is»i;ed by the State of California or by
cny county, city, city ana county, town,
municipality, municipal corporation of any
•oil,, or district <tr.cludiEC school, reclamation
«n<i trrUrttiim dir-irictsj within s=aid S?tate.
AJ.:.i t a. new section to be known and <le
eienato'i us eection 2^;, article II, concerning
primary elections and authorizing the legisla
ture to enact law* relative to tne election of
del-??au-» :¦) convention* of political uar'-les at
elections known and designated as primary
electionF; also to determine the tests and ccii
dttiunK ujx.m which electors, political parties
or organizations of voter* may participate in
uiy such iirimary election.
Ani^ncinc article VI. relative to the cempen
tati^n of fupreme and Superior Court Judsew.
&nd fixing the a •¦.:.;•; i falaries of Justices of the
f uprerae Court at *W0 each, the salaries ot tne
Euperlor Judges to remain as at present.
Amending: article XIII by adding a new sec
tion thereto, to b« known as section l'j. relat
ing; to the exemption from taxation of all build
ings used .-:•'.*• and exclusively for religious
worship and so much of the real property on
which the}" are situated a? may be required for
the convenient use and occupation of said build
int».
Ameniir.? section ?. article XI. of the con
stitution cf the State of California, relating to
charters.
Amending section IS of article XI In relation
to revenue and taxation.
It is estimated that It will require 512.
000 worth of postage Ftamps to mall the
amendments to the voters of the State,
to say nothing: of the expanse of publish
ing over 5.W0.00S copies of the amend
ments. This plan was resolved upon by
the last Legislature as a master stroke of
economy, it beins maintained that the
newspaper bills tor publishing the amend
ments were exorbitant.
f ' Special Dispatch to The Call.
, SAX. JOSE. Aug. 8.— In future all brick
used at, Agnews Insane Asylum will be
made at the Napa Asylum, thus saving
the 1 State thousands of dollars. •¦ - -
'A' new cottage is to be .erected at Ag
news Asylum and several more have be^n
planned." When bids for bricks were In
vited local dealers wanted between JS and
19 per 1000 for their brick. The managers
thought the price exorbitant and Manager
Hale. was appointed a committee to see if
brick could not be obtained from the yard
at the Napa Institution. 1 At the meeting
to-day he reported ~hat General Superin
tendent F.-W. Hatch had notified him that
Napa Asylum would furnish the, brick
needed for. $3 SO per. 1000 on board the cars
at that place. The railroad rate from there
here Is t1 per 1000,' making a total cost p«jr
1000 of $6 SO. This is $2 23 per 1000 less than
the figures submitted by the Brickmakers'
Association and Agnewj Asylum will save
nearly $1000 on the one cattage alone. The
work of brickmaking at • Napa is mostly
done by patients and the profit to the
asylum, at the figures quoted, is 40 cents
per 1000.
Local dealers do not take kindly to the
use of the asylum product in competition
and influence will be uaf>d to check It. i
The full Board of Managers was pres
ent to-day. Medical Director Crane re
ported that there were 0)4 patients In the
asylum, of whom 416 were females. He
recommended the erection of a brick cot
tage for women patients. The contingent
fund amounts to over $18,000 and the in
stitute is In position to meet all liabilities
as they fall due.
The following changes In employes were
announced:
Resigned— W. R Terrell, assistant attendant:
O. H. Terrell, vegetable gardener; M. E. Han
ley, waitress.
Discharged— G. W. Allen, assistant attend
ant: B. C. O'Brien, assistant attendant: W. H.
Fuller, assistant attendant; O. Phelps. assist
ant painter.
Appointed— J. Hlreins, assistant attendant:
Mr*. T. E. Gilbert, waitress; O. T. Johnson,
from aMlstant to head attendant; "W. Belton
assistant attendant; G. II. Bailey, assistant
attendant: C. J. "Welsbach, assistant attendant;
N. P. Hendricksen. farm hand: J. Standley.
assistant painter: N. V. Robinson, vegetable
gardener; June Qulmby. waitress.
Efforts Will Be; Made by Garden City
Dealers to Preyent Competition
by Insane Wards.
DISPLEASE SiH- JOSE' BOOKMAKERS
Managers of A£news Find a
WayTTSave the Money
of tne State.
CHEAP BRICKS
FROM THE NAPA
ASYLUM KILNS
THEVSA^FR^NCISCOiCALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1900,
llie Absent-Minded Man.
- Many < stories are > told of the . absent
mindedness ¦ of «• the late -: Dr. -¦ McAllister,
rector, of Trinity t Church, Elizabeth," and
brother^of the late, Ward McAllister. - : On©
night he was returning to Elizabeth 1 from
New ; York." ; and i took ;a train ; which > was
not scheduled to stop at his station./:Dis
covering ¦ his i mistake ' he ~ appealed ". to < the
conductor, s being • anxious i to ¦ get * word to
his .wlf e.x .; .<- • ¦ ' •¦ . -:.-¦,;.-- .
•••- Presently z the ; conductor - came : back • to
the doctor and said that a railroad official
was on the train,* and that It would make
an extra 1 atop at Elizabeth.-''' ¦
• '!That ia ;x good," said ¦- Mr. McAllister,
with * great ¦ relief. • "When ? you stop *. at
Elizabeth.^ won't : you \ send / a - message * to
my wife that I have been carried through
to TTenton7^aKa0V^^HBBM>nVB
I.-fWhy don't you get off yourself ?".. siig
gested the conductor, v --'..- .. ,
?-¦ ,"Oh,' I ¦ never thought ¦ of . that,", said ¦ the*
doctor.— New: York .Timea/..
"Wine Makers and Growers Disagree.
Special Dispatch ¦ to The ¦ Call.
?t FRESNO.VAug.- 8.— The;wlnemakers and
the • winegrowers \ have " locked ' horns ' over
the price :, of r grapes.^;. The buyers < refuse
to buy. and • the \ growers , refuse » to - 1 sell.
The { latter , formed av combine > several
: weekB;ago,- expecting 1 : the former : to -bid
for their, product. i The , wi nemakers have
now, 1 formed; a? counter • combiner agreeing
not * to «. bid i against * each pother. ::•¦ Unless
there, is 5 ai speedy compromise both sides
.wlll'.suffer. great loss/ . .:
Many Entries for Fair Dog Show.
! -: SACRAMENTO, \ Aug. o.-The'dog fan
clersjofithisicity, met tto-nlght ; to discuss
the coming bench show at the State; Fair.
They j, will . lend t their ' - Influence • toward
making it - a success. , Fromi present ¦= ap
pearances f It ' la i almost > certain that '. there
will be more than 300 entries; as San Fran>>
Cisco s clubs have I signified their/ intention
of turning .out strong.. ¦
NOME BENCH CLAMS
TEEMING WITH GOLD.
4
Special Dispatch to The CalL
<: The young couple always together be-
fore ; marriage ; rwely keep up this happy
intimacy.- as man and wife. " They are
not tired "of each other, but the young
wife finds herself weak and languid, with
no I inclination . for exercise. And ' thus
begins a division of pursuits and interests
¦which often ends in divided lives. The
use oft Dr.* Pierce's" Favorite Prescription
makes weak women strong. It stops the
drains^which undermine ¦ the strength,
cures ' \ female weakness," nourishes the
nerves and gives vigor to the whole body.
~ There ;is ;. neither opium, cocaine • or
other narcotic • in • « Favorite Prescrip-
tion.'' ' . V
.:: : - "I suffered from female weakness about eight
years— tried several doctors, but - derived bo
benefit until 1 began using Dr. Pierce's Favor,
ite PrescripOon," writes Mrs. John Green, of
Danville, Boyle Co.; Ky. "Th& medicine was
recommeadea to me by other patients. : I have
taken j six bottles, • and I feel like another
person."
Free. Dr. . Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, : 1008 pages, 700 illustra-
tions/ is sent free, on receipt of .stamps,
to cover expense of mailing only. Send
ai one-cent stamps for the Dook in paper
covers, v ori3i stamps for cloth i binding
Address: Dr. R/V. Pierce,- Buffalo, N. Y.
AJVEBTI5'F n » rR NTS.
trcatttvet? cured by t&ieod ,
lilttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from ©yjyeptfs,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A paw
feet jremfcdy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drotvsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regelate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable, j
Small Pin. Small Dose.
1 Smafl Pf lce»v
TO THE PUBLIC 1
PINOLE. JUNE 13. 1899.— t TAKE THI3
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Won;
r-Tilfci Him. 113-117 Mason it..
j^g^mL S. F.. for havir.s cored
|»jP*m«4 me cf kidney. woint>
W>5 trouble ar.d cancer 0!
y'/Sim 1 stomach. I was a great
. yLf Mi sufferer for 15 years, and
J found no permanent re-
£&rtZ^ I lief until I tried Dr.
-Sg^A^ Wong Him. and la six
>tf*^ "1 jCV^V months' tlm* hs baa
ffA^%-«rVa^i cunxl me. Any person
*^ : fr5??'*& T&* wi^hlnsr me to certify
¦ this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE EETZ,
Pinole. Centra Costa County, Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. ISM.— T->
} Whom It May Concern: This la to certify that
Dr. Wong Him of 115-117 Mason street, San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Bright' a
disease of the kidneys and consumption of tha
boweU of lone standing-, and I am only too
l-appy to make this statement for tho benefit of
all troubled In ar.y way by diseases. You will
find the doctor a gentleman In every way. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
8«1 Pulton street. San Francisco.
S. F.. Dec. 4, 1S99.— Dr. Wong Him, 113-U7
Mason 6t.. St F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit of other* I wish to make a statement of my
• cas<\ which was heart trouble. After treating
j with six eminent physicians, my caae was pro-
¦ nounced Incurable. Hearing of I>r. Wons Him,
* and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
1 herb treatment. He did all ha claimed ani
after treating six months I am new well and
I stronsr. Your respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission »t.. S. J*.
NOTICE
• —or —
Redemption ° Bonds
Holders of bonds of th»
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notified that there Is now In th«
hands of the undersigned trustee, under th»
mortgage or .deed of trust by which the pay-
ment of said bonds Is secured, the sum of on*
hundred thousand dollars In gold, which under
the terms of said mortgage ] 3 applicable to tha
redemption or purchase of said bonds, and that
the undersigned will receive sealed bids at Its
office, situated at
2 MONTGOMERY STREET.
;. ¦•':" — nj ths- —
CITY /\ISD COUNTY
. — oy—
S/\N FRANCISCO,
For the surrender of said bonds, until
12 M. ON THURSDAY,
THE
9th DAY OF AUGUST, ,I00O,
at which time proposals will be opened.- No bid
will be considered exceeding 10 per cent abo-r*
the face value of bonds. ¦ Proposals to b»
Indorsed "Proposals for the Surrender of F"lrst
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company."
UNION TRUST COMPANY
of San Francisco. Trustee.
Dated August 2. 1900.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Transatlantic Fire
I;- INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMAN'T. ON THE S1ST
day of December. A. D. 1S99. and for tha
year ending en that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections CW
and «11 of the Political Code, condensed a9 rer
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.'
Cash market value of ail stocks and
bonds owned by company $S27,J4* 15
Cash in company's office 3.3*4 1>
Cash In banks C0.363 II
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 7 233 33
Certificate of deposit in hands of
trustees 33.000 no
Premiums in due course of collection. 3S.0S2 03
Due from other companies far rein*
surance on losses already paid S3S 2i
Total assets ..JS30.923 (3
LUBIUTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33 419 73
Losses in process of adjustment or In '
suspense 44,tij 01
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 3. 304 33
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. $433, 114 62; rein-
surance 50 per cent 212 807 39
Gross premiums on fire r!.->ks running
more than one year. £50.531 66; reln-
¦ surance pro rata 149,121 jj
Commissions and . brokerage due and
to become due 22 SS3 2d
Total liabilities ...jm.Sto »
INCOXTE.
; Net . cash actually received for fir*
: premiums •••-.....$557130 83
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stacks, loans, and from all
other sources ;. (4 434 M
Received from home office ...¦. 88i()37 si>
Total Income '. ~J567 C3 J7
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Ore losses (In-
cluding $56,939 54, losses of previous
years) UM.77J 73
Paid' or allowed for commission or
brokerage :..... 152.738 94
Paid for salaries, fees a»d other ¦
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... M 911 <tt
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .-. :..f. It sis n
All other payments and expenditures. 3i.z*8 13
Total expenditures ...J637.U4 30
Losses incurred during the year. flre..M33.«5i si
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk*. Premiums.
Xet amount of risks
written during the year J72.t73.157 $791,233 43
Net amount of- risks
expired during . the
" year Cl.7e9.S58 CSS.O61 78
Net amount In force De-
ccmber 31. 1S*9 C0.833.I93 875.848 13
. ADOT.PH LOEB. U. S. Manaaer.
i Subscribed and sworn to before me this lita
day of February. 1300.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary PnWli
V. CARUS DR1FFIELD;
Manager.
Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
2/3 SA NSOME STREET
SAN TRAMCISCO.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^k • . *^^^ *v^\ t^^^.
Chums.A Shark Story.
The Tatoosh is on her maiden voyage,
and is as neat, compact and efficient a
tug as ever came Into San Francisco. She
is 128 feet long, 25 feet beam. 15 feet 6
inches deep ana can steam 14 knots. She
is to leave here Friday morning with the
ship John Ena In tow, for Port Gamble.
caslon after that when they could be re
set. This fact may cause the seizure of
the Rescue and Tatoosh. The United
States navigation laws \ state distinctly
that everything being towed must carry
a signal light at night. Not one raft that
has ever come into San Francisco has car
ried a light except for a few hours during
the first night. The shipowners now in
tend testing this question in the case of
the present raft, and If a complaint is
lodged with the Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers the Rescue and Tatoosh will bo
eeized by the Government.
The Mail steamer City of Para arrived
from Panama and way ports • yesterday.'
She- brought ¦ up twenty-nve cabin and
thirty-one steerage : passengers. '
The steamer Belgian King, that was In
collision with the Tellus, Is In commission
again and will take a siege .battery and
150 horses to China for the Government.
"Water Front Notes.
"When the Russian ship City of Benares
arrived here last week nearly all her
crew deserted. A few days later seven of
them were taken by the boarding masters
and put aboard the British ship Thalatta.
They accepted the job, thinking they were
going on a coasting trip.- When- they
found -out that it was a, voyage to the
port they had Just come from (Liverpool)
three of them jumped overboard. Two of
them were recaptured, but the third, after
being an hour In the .water, was picked
up by Dave Crowley, the boatman, and
escaped. , < •
Shanghaied Sailor Rescued.
bar was shoved down his throat and the
ship's name branded on his hide. After
that the shark was dumped over, the side
again. An hour later the same shark,
with the shlp's-name plainly visible, was
swimming astern and smelling at a piece
of pork attached to the hook.
£-ip i HE big log raft that has been a men-
I ace to coast navigation for several
jl days Is now on the Berkeley mud
flats. It was towed into Mission Bay
during Tuesday night, and yesterday
morning was towed over to the Oakland
side, where it will be broken up.
The tugs Rescue and Tatoosh towing
tandem brought the monster mass of piles
into port, losing about one thousand ot
the sticks on the way. Soon after g'etting
out of the Columbia River a very heavy
gale came up and for thirty-six hours the
towboats lay in the trough of the sea.
Any attempt to move on •with the raft
meant the loss of a number of piles, so
Captains Thompson and Bailey had to
endure the experience as best they could.
"When the storm was at Its height the
tugs g-ot to leeward of the immense lum
ber pile and in this way it was made a
little more comfortable for those aboard.
The plies escaping from tfie raft caused
some uneasiness, but luckily no damage
was done. "*^V
The first night out from the Columbia
River the lights of the log raft were
washed away and there was never an oc-
J TT7GS BESCUE AND TATOOSH AND THE LOO- BAFT IN A GALE OFF/ THE COLUMBIA
Miss Edna Linnell United in
Marriage to Cavalry
Officer.
w f ESTERDAY noon at the First Pres
\A byterlan . Church, .Van Xess ¦ avenue
I and Sacramento street,'' Miss Edna
¦:-" Linnell; a well-known and accom
plished young lady of San Francisco
society, and Lieutenant E. H. Rubottom,
Ninth Cavalry, U. S. A., were wedded.
' Few guests apart from immediate
friends of the family of the bride were
present. The engagement of the couple
TOOK A BRIDE ON
HIS WAY TO WAR
The decoration of Rome is almost com
pleted and already the scene is extraord
inary. Nine hundred municipalities have
sent delegations to attend the funeral
ceremonies. Xo fewer than loO.Ouo for
eigners have -arrived. Funeral wreaths
are so numerous that it is impossible to
find room for more on the ground door of
the Qulrinal.
The weather at Monza was threatening
In the early part of the day, but it cleared
up before the ceremony, which was wit
nessed by a large crowd, including many
veterans, whose breasts were covered with
medals ¦won In the war of Independence,
as well as several Garibaldians in red
shirts.
At 4:40 p. m. the train reached Milan,
where all the authorities and an immense
throng had assembled at the railway sta
tion.
The widowed Queen and Princess Maria*
Pia arrived here at 9 o'clock this even-
Ing. In accordance with the former's de-
Sire there was no reception at the depot.
The party proceeded at once to the viuiri
nal. escorted by cuirasseurs, the specta
tors along the route baring their heads
respectfully.
Telegrams from the various cities anil
towns through which the funeral train
passed say that the authorities and pop-i
,lace displayed slens of the deepest sor
row and of loyalty.
MONZA, Aug. 8.— The widowed Queen
Margherite. Princess Maria Pla, former
Queen of Portugal, the Duchess of Aosta,
the Duches3 of Genoa and Victor Na
poleon left here by special train for Rome
to-day. Large crowds assembled alcr.g -
the route. All the spectators silently un
covered their heads.
ROME, Aug. S.— The Archbishop of
Genoa, who will represent the Pope at the
funeral of King Humbert to-morrow, was
received by Cardinal Rampolla, the papal
Secretary of State, to-day. At the fu
neral services the King. Victor Emmanuel
III. will be at the head of the Italian
Princes and foreign representatives who
will accompany the remains from the
depot to the Pantheon.
• The funeral train bearing the remains
of King Humbert left Monza ar4:2S p. m.
accompanied by the Duke of Aosta. the
Count of Turin and the Duke of Oporto. -
A large crowd witnessed its departure in ¦
silence.
Thousands of Representatives of
Various Municipalities Are in
Borne to Take Places in
the xTDcession.
Body Is Taken to the Monza
Station on a Gun •
Carriage.'
ALL IS READY
FOR FUNERAL OF
KING HUMBERT
W&ECEAGE HI MXDQCKATT.
Steamer Doric's Omcers Believe a
Steamship Was Lost.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 8.— The steamer
Doric on her arrival at Yokohama re
ported that at 9 p. m. on July 14 she
passed a steamer In mldocean.'** They saw
i.f r llg-hts and heard a whistle and af
terward lost sight of her. Soon a piece
of wreckage was discovered. The Doric
put back and circled around for eight
hours, but could find no trace of the vea
r<\ F(-f.n. tMsMasiBsssBKBtiiBsssM&EBaHSCC
The Kow Shing, Captain Galsworthy,
while conveying Chinese troops was at
tacked by Japanese •warships and sunk
off Asan July 25. 189J. Captain Galsworthy
escaped to the Japanese, but many were
killed.
LX3>rr>OX. Aug. 8.— United State* Em
bassador Cboate has been appointed arbi
trator between the British and Chinese
governments in the case of the sinking of
the British dispatch boat Kow Shlng dur
ing the Chinese-Japanese wet.
"Will Mediate Between British and
Chinese Governments.
Two obstacles to his extradition now exist.
He ha» b*en held to bail in this court upon a
criminal charge of brinplngr into tbla district
funds embezzled In enother district. He ban
aJ so been arrested In a civil action brougbt in
this court to recover 145,000, which, it ii al
lesed. he has com-erted. When both of these
proceedings ehail have been discontinued the
older in extradition shall be signed. This mar
bo done on August 13, at 11 o'clock a. tn.
CHOATE CHOSEN A TVBITItATOS.
The evidence thowt probable cause to be
lieve that the prisoner 1b guilty ef an offens«
defined In the art o? June 6, 1900, and which
Is also a violation of the criminal laws in forc«
in Cuba, and upon euch evidence he shall be
held for extradition.
KETV YORK. Aug. S.-Judge Lacombe
c<f the Vnited States Circuit Court to-day
rendered an opinion which Indicates that
an order for the extradition of Charles P.
W. N'eely to. the Cuban authorities will be
Flsme-d on August 13. The latter part of
the document says:
combe in the United States
Circuit Court
Opinion Handed Down by Judge I#a-
The goats had been driven but a short
distar.ee when a fusillade of shots began.
The contestants quarreled all night and
in the morning quarreled again about two
hundred dead goats and sheep, and about
the same number were crowded over a
precipitous bluff.
Trouble le breaking- out over a bunch, of
ZX«f> sheep in Beaver Park and the cattle
nen threaten to exterminate them.
WILL ISSUE ORDER FOR
EXTRADITION OF NEELY
Fresh Outbreak of Hostilities in
San Miguel County,
v/Oiomcio-
Ep*elal Dl«r«tch to The Call
TELLTTRIDE, Colo.. Aug. 8.— In the last
few flays & conflict between the cattlo
end sheep men who are grazing herds in
San Migruel County has arisen. The story
reached Tellurlde to the effect that on
Monday night two cowboys appeared at
the tent of the sheep men. They told
the sheep men that they were going: to
wove the gxmts and 6heep across the San
Migruel River and for them to stay In
their tents.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Aug. 8.— The de
fense In the trial of Caleb Powers Intro
duced a star witness this afternoon In B.
B. Coolman of New Albany, Ind., a civil
engineer who has worked for leading rail
roads of the country from New York to
Oregon. He testified that he had made a
Eurvey of the capltol grounds in Frank
fort, and had made a drawing, which he
presented. He explained various dlstaxtoee
In the grounds, and stated that a shot
;:red from the sill of the window of the
Secretary of State's office to the hole In
the hackberry tree would drop 13-lGths
of an Inch per foot In its passag-e.
He understood that the bullet in pass-
Ing through Governor Goebel's body
dropped 1 7-16 inches, and at this- rate it
would have dropped after leaving the
body eo as to strike the basin of the foun
tain, instead of the hackberry tree. A
bullet fired from the sill of the Secretary
of State's office window, which dropped
7-16 inches to the foot, would never have
reached the spot ¦where Goebel ¦was sup
posed to be standing. He stated further
that a line drawn through Goebel's body
from the point of exit to the point of
entrance and continued to the executive
building: in a straight line would have
ptruck It Shi feet, above the sill of the
window referred to.
SHEEP SLAUGHTERED
BY CATTLE-HERDERS
Witness Claims Fatal Bullet Could
of State's Office.
Hot Save Come From Secretary
EXPERT TESTIMONY
IN THE POWERS CASE
"As Warren has pacified, the western
fl!stricts of Cape Colony. I am allowing
him to return home and am replacing
the whole of the troops In the colony un
der Forestler-Walker."
PRETORIA. Aug. 7.— Delarey, hearing
of Ian Hamilton's approaca toward Rus
tenburg and seeing that he had no chance
of capturing Baden-Powell, hurried off to
Elands River. Hamilton reported that
firing in the Elands River direction ceased
yesterday and that Lieutenant Colonel
Hoare's garrison had evidently been cap
tured.
Hamilton left Rustenburg this morning,
trlngini? Baden-Powell's men with him.
De Wet commenced the crossing of the
VaaJ River yesterday. Kitchener is now
moving in pursuit. Methuen on the right
liank of the Vaal, has evidently come
into contact with De "Wet's advance
puard. as his puns were heard by Kitch
ener this morning.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— The following dis
patch from Lord Roberts has been re
ceived at the War Office:
LONDON, Aug. 8.— Lord Roberta fears
that the Elaafis River garrison has been
captured after ten days' resistance. The
¦War Offlce ha* received from Mm the fol
lowing dispatch;
Warrea Is About to Betura Horn*
and Foresteir- Walker Will Com
mand the Troops in the
Colony.
It Has Been Holding Out
Against Boers for Ten
Days.
FEARS ELANDS
RIVER GARRISON
IS CAPTURED
Calnan \ Still a ; Fugitive.
.'.The case of Timothy C,Calnan.',ex-po
llceman r and horse thief,, was : again \ called
in t Judge . Conlan's " court s yesterday morn
ing, ip His :*, bondsmen ;; begged • for » further
( time, ' as ?. they I expected . to have ".him - ar
rested in a few days, i and the Judge I con
tinued the case till Saturday, July 18.
Mrs.' Lawrence 'Wants ' Maintenance.
Lulu Lawrence ; filed '-. suit yesterday
against : " her husband,' •¦ Charles -¦; E.^; Law
rence," for.:-' maintenance-" i and- support!
Plaintiff alleges that her. husband deserted
her over \ two months \ ago, and although
in receipt of a comfortable Income; he has
x/ rfn*ed to support her.
J. H. W." F. Meyer and his son J. F.: do
not epeak as they pass by. The cause of
this "coolness between father " and ¦ son Is
that the elder; Meyer, who Is turning, his
eightieth . birthday, has resolved : to take
unto himself a bride. This the son objects
to, and what Is. more he objects to -have
his new .. mother use his /real, mother's
furniture at the old homestead, 425 Twen
tieth ' street. To obtain this furniture is
what is now uppermost In the mind of the
ma Just now. Father and son have been
V -.'-¦¦•¦*" f. ¦ -•. . . .
Would Wed Despite His 'Son.
M. Lewis; Driver for the California
* Producers*.' Association, Heav
ily, Fined.
M.'. Lewis and John Costa, drivers for
the ' California Milk * Producers*. . Associa-;
tlon, were cleverly^ captured ' by '¦ Police
man ; J.*-W. ' Butterworth, attached "to -.the
Board of -Health, while" watering their
milk in a doorway, on - Merchant 'street,"
between Drumm •¦-• and ¦'• East.' about x 7
o'clock yesterday ; morning. ¦ They ..were
arrested . and ' booked at * the I City ; Prison.
They were released on $100 cash bail each.
. Butterworth * had .been '¦ watching the
men 5 for. several < mornings.' iYesterday; ho
saw - them* stop i their, wagons 4 and : carry
cans ; Into > the " doorway, j He caught them
in ' the act and - kept ¦ the \ can of water as
evidence./ 1 ;¦.: : : ¦• '•¦- *'--* '¦¦ : '.' .'¦' '¦¦ : _^ .
. Lewis - appeared before . Judge - Conlan
CAUGHT IN THE ACT
i OF, WATERING* THE MILK
extradited.
cock completed the examination of Julian
Tregenna Biddulph Arnold shortly before
noon yesterday, and decided „¦ that he
should be extradited to London on the
charge of embezzling $15,000 belonging to
the estate of George W. Buck, deceased.
Bert Schlesinger, counsel for the accused,
announced . that within a djiy or two he
would prepare papers in habeas corpus
proceedings before the United States Dis
trict Court. Should the proceedings fail
to restore Mr. Arnold to liberty the case
will be presented to the Secretary of State
at Washington, ' In which e\*ent ¦ It ¦ is be
lieved- that Commissioner Heacock' s ac
tion will . be approved. ¦ • . .
Mr. Arnold was removed from his hotel'
at Berkeley last Tuesday night- to the
Alameda County Jail, where he ¦ will re
main a Federal prisoner until released or.
His Attorney Preparing Papers to Se
cure His Bjlease Under Habeas -
Corpus Proceedings. .
United States Court Commissioner Hea- 1
JULIAN ARNOLD HELD
ON A SECOND CHARGE
¦ The minstrel performance given last
night in Native Sons." Hall by the mem
bers of Army and Navy Parlor for the
benefit of the entertainment,, fund of the
parlor during the coming celebration was
a credit to those having the affair in
charge. .'.'..•
, Interlocutor Frank S. Drady was as fa
miliar with his part as any. old-time min
strel, and the performers . carried them
selves as well as most professionals. Miss
Sophie Strus made a most charming God
dess of Liberty, and in the tableau which
closed the performance appeared holding
wreaths over the heads of a soldier and
a sailor boy. - The end men were: Bonea—
Dr. 'J. D. McCarthy, Syl A. Newman. and
J. Bayard Whlttemore; tarabos — Alex F.
Williams, Henry -Auerbach and George 8.
Carr. ,i»i dull lilltoiiWIIIirilliiilWiTniBrtrBIl'
The following programme was rendered:
Selections, Blum's Orchestra;, opening
overture. Army- and Navy Minstrels;- VI
Left Because I Love You, Frank A. Ev
erson; "Miss • Virginia," ; George - S. Carr;
"Always," Robert G. Drady; ; T 'A; Peach,".-
Henry • Auerbach ; ¦ "The Blue and the
Gray,"- Harry, S. Colman; '.'In ¦ the,Philip
pine Isles," 1 Syl A.i Newman^ "Dat Coon
He Don't Love Me,"- Alex F; Williams;
specialties (a Boxer), Harry H.' Walton;
"Waiting," . James = G. ' Fraser ; f'Move ' On,
Mr.- Nigger,* Move On," J. Bayard;Whitte
more; music and song. Dr. J. . P. McCar-'
thjf; finale; "Stars and Stripes," Army
and Navy Minstrels. ?gfflmBEfite<W '
Clever Amateurs in Black Face Show
Exceptional Talent and Please *
n Large Audience.
ARMY AND NAVY PARLOR
MINSTREL PERFORMANCE
JAMES KENNIE.
Aiameca, steps into Kennle s shoes, and
Third Officer M. C. Smith takes the posi
tion of second officer. Third in command
is A. P. Lundln, late third officer of the
Zealandia. The Alameda carries over 100
cabin passengers.
The demand 'for, seats for ."Othello"; and
VRigoletto" at the Tivoli Opera-house and
the sale of all the seats for, this week have
caused the management to decide to con
tinue £ the , operas all. next week. They
will » not be . given this season c thereafter
"Othello". : = will be played next Monday' 1
Wednesday i and' Friday nights and ¦ "Rig
oletto"^ on ? Tuesday; Thursday *•" and • Sun
day i nights and s at the Saturday > matinee
next 'week. » -"Tannhauser". and "MJgnon"
will* be 'given- during the week ¦ beginnlruf
August 20. v Tickets ; for these operas ; can
be exchanged seven days ahead; beginning
next Monaay.'mpVMBttBBMMB
Othello and Bigoletto Season.
•-" Mr.' Rubottom graduated with honors at
the -University • of California- : He ! subse
quently, passed the required: examination
for ; admission -to "- the * regular army: and
was duly commissioned. The bride is a
daughter of Colonel and Mrs. . H.* H." LJn
nelk - ; - ¦. - - _ _ : '
-In : honor- of the ; event : the altar was
decorated- with/ the national -colors, "and
palms and ferns. The bride was 'given
away by her brother, "Henry S. Linnell.
The ; ceremonies : at * the church were • sim
ple, .The organist, Henry Randall; played
the wedding inarch ; from • Af
ter , the event the ~ usual \ congratulations
followed. ; , -.."-.;'•¦' ¦¦• . ¦•-•'¦•
had existed for several months, but the
wedding was hastened by the orders of
the War ' Department sending the Ninth
Cavalry to China. The ceremony was pro
nounced by Rev. Kirk Guthrle. Miss Ethel
Hair of Sacramento - was bridesmaid • and
Lieutenant. George R. Pritchard of the
Ninth Regiment the beBt man. ; The bride,
who is remarkably pretty, wore a travel
ing, suit: of ¦ the new shade ¦ of blue: • She
carried a -. bouauet of American ¦• Beauty
roses. . Miss Hall carried a bouquet of car
nations. -r^fMRtWRM^' •
LIEUTENANT E. H. RUBOT
TOM.
His ¦¦ Claim of Exemption From the
Ei^ht-Hour Law Pronounced
" NotGood^L;;
' 'The' examination of Contractor' Darby
Laydon upon a charge of having violated
the Federal statute prohibiting contract
ors from working their employes . more
than | eight hours - per , day on: Government
work =was .held yesterday before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock. The
prosecution was represented by Assistant
United States Attorney E.J.' Banning and
K. ? L.v Reguin. Deputy : State Labor Com
missioner. • s Their • witnesses proved that
Laydon : had worked his '• employes nine
hours per day on the drawbridge over the
canal near Frultvale,': Alameda County. f .
- Laydon's- attorney admitted -.the facts,
but contended . that the statute was un
constitutional and • in ; any event " did not
apply to Laydon, who was an independent
contractor - and not' a ¦ Government : \ con
tractor. ."-¦- *¦
Commissioner Heacock had -a .different
opinion • and .' held Mr. ; Laydon . to • answer
to; the charge.
CONTRACTOR LAYDON
ATTACKS THE STATUTE
Mrs. John Nelson.
SAN RAFAEL., Aug. 8.— Mrs. John Nel
son, a wealthy resident of Olema, died
at that place - to-day, at the ¦ age of 80
years.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— George D. Sweet
ser of . Sweetser, Pembrooke & Co. died
last night from a complication of diseases.
He Was born In Athol, Mass., October 12,
1826. He with J. Howard Sweetser and
William A. Pembrooke founded the well
known drygoods house of Sweetser, Pem
brooke &Co. '
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 8.-Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Marshall died last evening at
her home on Columbia .street.. She was
one of the pioneers, coming "here in 1849
from Texas. She was a native of Tennes
see and 72 years of age. Her children
are Mrs. M. E. Cole of Los Angeles. Mrs.
S. D. Ballou, .wife of ex-Sheriff Ballou of
San Luis Obispo; Mrs. J. F. Fitzgerald of
Ventura and A. E. Marshall of Alaska.
Mrs. Marshall was a daughter of the late
Captain Graham, one of the oldest white
settlers of the county, who arrived here
as early as 1840, and who - was given a
large grant of land by the Mexican Gov
ernment.
- _ »
. George D. Sweetser.
Mrs Mary Elizabeth Marshall.
&he -Day's JPeadi
James Rennie Will Be New
Captain of the Steam
ship Mariposa.
WHEN the Oceanic Company's
mail steamer Alameda cleared
for Australian ports last night.
6be left behind her popular Chief
Officer James Rennle. Promotion has de
prived the Alameda of one of the com
pany's most popular officers. When Ren
nle next treads a bridge it will be as mas
ter of the Mariposa on that vessel's next
trip. -¦: V
R. II. MIkkelson, ex-second officer of the
POPULAR SAILOR
GAINS PROMOTION
conducting a plumbing shop at 1013 Valen
cia street for some time past, and in addi
tion to the furniture, there is a dispute
over their equal share in the stock and
tools at the shop. To obtain his portion
the son applied to the warrant clerk at the
police court for a search warrant. This
was refused him on the ground that the
police court had no Jurisdiction in such
a case. He was advised to commence an
action. In the Justice court,- where the
trouble could be adjusted. In the mean
time the doors are being kept tightly
barred at the old man's residence. Who
the prospective bride is the old gentleman
refuses to say.
yesterday morning. He admitted that he
had poured water into the milk cans, but
said customers would not know the dif
ference. He admitted having "been ar
rested twice before for the same offense.
The Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of
$150, with the alternative of IjO days in
the County Jail. The fine was paid.
Costa failed to appear and his ball of
$100 was declared forfeited. A bench war
rant was Issued for his arrest and his
bonds were fixed at J500. He was arrested
and released on $100 cash ball.
ACTIVE PREPARATIONS
FOR* WATER INSPECTION
Expedition Being Fitted Out to Sur
vey Lake Tahoe System for Mu
nicipal Ownership.
Active preparations were begun Tues
day in the office of the Board of Public
Works for an expedition In the Sierra
Mountains for the purpose of investigat
ing Lake Tahoe and its tributaries. The
expedition will be under the direction of
Luther Waggoner, chief of the Depart
ment of Public Utilities. In his party he
will have a transitman, a leveler, two rod
men, an axman and a cook.
The 'start on the Journey will be com
menced in about two weeks, the point of
destination being the base of Mount Lin
coln, where the American and Truckee
rivers and the south fork of the Yuba
River have their rise. A complete survey
of the line and route of the canal neces
sary to bring the water to this city will
be made. The most desirable route will
be picked out and the required depth of
the flume will be ascertained. Figures
•will be given on the actual cost of con
struction of the piping. The Von Schmidt
dam will be a subject for special investi
gation. The preliminary surveys will
take at least one month, as comprehen
sive data will be gathered with a view to
determining, the best system for municipal
ownership. The party will make the trip
with pack animals, which may be bought
outright for the purpose at Summit Soda
Springs.
PHILIPPINE TARIFF
WILL BE REVIEWED
War. Department Answers Letter
Sent by San Francisco
Manufacturers.
Customs regulations recently, promul
gated at Manila, to the operation of which
San Francisco manufacturers and mer
chants objected, will be investigated by
the board of officers having in charge the
revfslon of the tariff. Colonel Clarence R.
Edwards, acting assistant adjutant gen
eral of the United States, has written to
Calm, Nlckelsburg" & Co., ¦who ¦wrote to
the War Department in behalf of them
selves and others, that the Military Gov
ernor at Manila has been requested to call
for a report i from the Collector of Cus
toms concerning the regulations, and this
re-port will be made known to manufac
turers and merchants as soon as possible.
The department was seemingly unable
to answer a question that has puzzled the
shoe manufacturers concerning the term
"23 Spanish," Indicating, the- minimum
size of men's shoes in Manila, and that is
still as much of a mystery as ever. The
objectionable regulations inflicted penal
ties for failure to Invoice the weights of
goods and of interior packings and exte
rior packings separately.
At. the meeting of the parade committee
last night by a majority of one the ques
tion of placing. the local parlors in line in
the parade was settled by deciding that
they shall appear In numerical order. Cal
ifornia Parlor No. 1 taking the right of
line.-;. By this Army and Navy Parlor,
which had been selected to act as an es
cort to the whole division of Native Sons,
will have <. to be assigned to another posi
tion. A member of the committee sug
gested that as California Parlor had been
accorded. the front the committee of that
parlor that waited on the parade commit
tee should ask Army and Navy Parlor to
act as special escort.'
A start 1 has been made with the wiring
of the ferry building. City Hall and the
N. S. G. W. building for electrical illu
mination. The plans of decoration are
original and promise a splendid effect.
The grand marshal has decided that
each San ¦ Francisco parlor be allowed to
name a division marshal. There are twen
ty-three parlors In the city.
Golden State Parlor No. 50, Native
Daughters, will have a float in line. The
members have adopted ; white, black and
gold as their celebration colors.
Previously reported. $9100; • Charles ¦ New
man, 1150; London, Parts and American Bank,
Anglo-American Bank. Mills building. Bllen
berg & Wenlger.i T. M. Ferguson, James P.
Dunne & Co., Hornleln & Krumb. I. Deutch,
J100 each: total, $10,060. ~ ¦
The feature of the flr3t night of the cele
bration, will be the naval parade. The
committee haB decided upon the offlclal
programme. The center of formation will
be off Harrison-street wharf. - From this
point - the ¦ parade will move ¦ along the
water/ front to the north line of forbidden
anchorage; thence along such line to a
point off Goat Island, thence south to for
bidden anchorage In line of the narrow
gauge ferry, and then back to the point
of beginning. . This circle . will be made
twice. .In the center at anchor will be
United States vessels of war and barges
from which fireworks will . be exploded
during the parade. -A bonfire will be locat
ed within the circle of parade. All Stock
ton steamers will lie over here until the
completion of the parade. The steamer
Gold will be In line with a big party of
excursionists from Petaluma. All the
Spreckels and "red stack" tugs will be in
readiness fo towing.
There has been. received a request from
Fresno to the effect that all San Joaquln
Valley parlors be assigned to one division.
The parlors eligible to such a division rep
resent Stockton, Fresno, Merced, Madera,
Visalia, Hanford and Bakersfleld. The
parlor at Fresno has selected John J.
White as aid to the grand marshal. Han
ford Parlor has conferred a similar honor
on Harry E. Ayers.
Subscriptions from all sources now near
ly touch the $20,000 mark. Amounts of $100
or more are acknowledged in the follow
ing statement given out by the commit
tee yesterday:
The decoration committee will recom
mend making a peristyle with Lotia"s
fountain inside. The columns are to be
forty feet high, festooned with the cele
bration colors, decorated with garlands
of evergreens and made brilliant at night
with electric .llghtB.
¦ The executive council of finance was ad-
Vised yesterday of numerous additions to
the celebration fund. Many sub-commit
tees were busy soliciting ¦ and for that
reason did not report. The printing in
dustry subscribed $650 In two hours. The
insurance men are responding generously
and the report of the committee when
made will show a handsome total.
I>ancing is to' be the order on the night
df Tuesday, September 11. In addition to
the general ball in the Mechanics' Pavil
ion under the auspices of the general com
mittee lesser balls are to be given at the
headquarters of the various parlors. The
programme of the main' ball is to be illus
trated with original designs in color and
promises to be a veritable work of art.
The parlors of Sonoma County have se
cured as headquarters the parlors of the
Windsor Hotel. Lavish hospitality will be
dispensed by the parlors during the entire
celebration. =r ¦;
Eureka will send a company or the Na
val Militia to participate in the parade.
A boat's crew will be entered In the Isa
val Militia regatta.
Commercial houses In Los Angeles are
considering plans- to have the county
represented by a float or an " elaborate
exhibition of fruit and . other products.
The cadets of the State Universltv have
accepted an . Invitation to Join in the-pa
rade, contingent upon the granting of per
mission by the proper university authori
ties. No difficulty In securing the. de
sired permission is feared. It Is expected
to number the university corps among tha
interesting features of the military di
vision.
Fresno's exhibit will be Installed In one
of the parlors of the Lick House. It Is
to. include a number of electlical features.
Public bodies of Fresno are taking mark
ed Interest In the work and promise that
the general, display of dried fruits and
raisins will be the finest ever sent out
of the county.
. Yosemite Parlor. No. 24 of Merced has
secured headquarters at the Russ House.
A committee of the parlor announced yes
terday the selection of the following uni
form: Blue flannel coat, white duck trou
sers and pearl gray hat. Each member
will carry a natural wood cano, decorated
with the offlclal jubilee colors. .!The par
lor will have a band of eighteen pieces
composed entirely of Native Sons. Mem
bers of the band are to parade in the par
lor uniform.
The work of preparing for the grand
celebration of California's Statehood an
niversary Is progressing rapidly and ev
erything points to great Buccess In every
way. '¦':¦ ¦'
Sonoma County Parlors Will Enter
tain Lavishly— Lotta's Foiint
ain to Be Inclosed by an , ;
¦ Imposing Structure.
Arranging for Grand Ball
• • on the Last Night of
the Festival.
MONEY FOR
CELEBRATION
COMING IN
THE SAN Fit AJS CISCO CALL^pTHUUSDAY,: AUGUST 9, 1900.
Tugs Rescue and Tatoosh Have Finally Succeeded-.
in Landing Their Tow oh the Berkeley Mud
Flats, But The"re Is Trouble in Store.
VESSELS THAT TOW LOG RAFTS
WITHOUT LIGHTS MAY BE SEIZED
The Hawaiian bark Willscott arrived
from Newcastle, England,- yesterday,
making the passage In 156 days. She met
with light winds and calms throughout
the run and the only excitement was
Bhark fishing. On July 11 half a dozen
tigers of the deep were captured. One
weighed 250 pounds and measured nine
feet from nose to tip of tall. A capstan-
5
"I have now used Peruna off and
on for over throe years as a
strengthening tonic and find it of .in-
estimable value. My system gets
run down and worn out at times, and
I do not know what I should do with-
out Peruna to 'build it up again.
Yours truly, Uathias Leif.
Mr. Mathlas Leif of Chicago. 111.
Mr. Mathlas Leif. secretary Uniform
Rank Catholic Knights of America, writes
from 3327 North Clark street, Chicago, 111.,
as. follows:
The expense, as well as the Impossibil-
ity of leaving one's business, makes it
entirely out of the question for many peo-
ple to take a vacation, however bad they
may need It. In all cases where one can
afford it a vacation is probably prefera-
bl© % to tonics; but for the tens of. thou-
sands who can take no rest, the brain and
nerve tonic of modern medical science Is
an Indispensable safeguard.
Nothing that Is. known to the medical
profession to-day is the equal of Peruna
In the cure or prevention of all derange-
ments due to hot weather. Peruna gives
new vigor to the tired brain, strength and
quiet to the weakened nerves, and as
nearly supplies the need of a vacation to
the overworked man or woman as it Is
possible for any remedy to do. Peruna
is a reliable specific lor nervous prostra-
tion, nerve exhaustion, sleeplessness and
chronic malaria.
Captain Percy "W. Moss, Paragould,
Ark., says: "I think Peruna is undoubt-
edly the finest and surest catarrh cure
ever prepared, end it has taken bu» two
bottles to convince me of this fact.".
O. W. Grier, Watsontown, Pa., says:
"Peruna has done what four doctors
could not do. My bowels are now all
right and I recommend, Peruna to
everybody who has bowel trouble. It
is our family medicine. I think I
would have been in my grave to-day
had it not been tor you."
The Peruna Medicine Company of Co-,
lumbus, Ohio, publish a book entitled
"Summer Catarrh." which Is devoted to
the treatment of Indigestion, diarrhoea. ]
cholera morbus and other diseases of hot
weather, which they will send free to any
address.
Tonics Contrasted.
EFFECTS OF HEAT
Summer Vacations and Nerve
> world.
All sorts of people ese it, all torts of stores
| *eU it, especially drnggista. - - . , -
, best toilet soap in all the
What a luxury Pears'
It is the cheapest and
V'KING WILLIAM"/
\\ . « ' AND————* //
VV The Mysteries of Lagunitas Canyon. II
\ HOW TO MAKE AN ATHLETE OF THE //
\\ BABY. jl
\ ODD EFFECTS OF "CHARACTER" MAKE-UP. I
\\ By WILTON LACKAYE. //
i IN THE GREAT MAGAZINE SECTION.
* NEXT * I
SUNDAY'S
@^*" — : — — — ?
I THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
I, By NAN BYXBEE. * »
/I EXPERIENCES IN AN OVERALL FACTORY. *>\
II y THE LATEST* FADS IN W
/I EMBROIDERIES AND TAPESTRIES. \\
II , Dismasted in a Dead Calm—
/ CUWOUS WRECK OF THE PFLUGER. \
A pyTTRTTRTTM V. M TS.TIME— H. F. J.-, City. The
question " 4 "What Is_ the -fastest ' time made
by. a railroad train and ] where?"; is "a .very
broad one.. There -are . more than forty
records of i fastest -trains. .These are . for
various distances and -under various con
ditions. If the ; correspondent wants • to
know the fastest ¦ record ; for < a short - dis
tance, I the • answer • Is. one >- mile in 32 sec
onds; or at a* rate of 112.5 miles per;hour
made t over ..-'. the > New " York Central * and
; Harlem Railroad.? If ;that la not what the
j. correspondent -.wants I to .-; know," he r , will
i have * to ;wrlte ; again,- stating " what record
! he , desires. > This department Is unable - to
j guess the desires of F correspondents.
JTHE ; CENTENNI AL--A. 8.; Arcata,
Cal. ; The ¦ Bteamer Centennial ; sailed ' from
Seattle u tor) Cape • Nome ¦ May , 30 *' 1900. . and
returned ?,to ; Seattle v July 8. ' She sailed
again f or. Cape Nome July. 16."' She makes
the trip In • about ;. ten daya. ?
IN THE TRANSVAAL-^A. B., Juneau.
Alaska. .According to the constitution < of
the Transvaal: certain civil rights are de
nied to those who are not of the Lutheran
faith.' " It \ provides * that >the ;' members of
the two' houses of Parliament t must pro
fess the Protestant rellgion.-
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOURTH OF JULY— Mrs. J. M. D.,
City. The Fourth of July, : 1893, 'fell' on a
Tuesday. - '
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— E. D.Plssis and
Eugene Ballois of San Francisco are 'at
the > Waldorf ;K M.'Gray of :San Fran
cisco Is : at the Manhattan; Charles M.
Plum of San Francisco is at the 1 1 er aid
Square. / :
C ALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
CNE ON CARL SChJURZ
AMONG the critics of President McKinley none j
have been more bitter or more unfair than
Cafl Schurz. He has permitted himself an
almost unlimited largeness of statement in his de
nunciations of the administration, and has been so
unjust there will be no little amusement in learning
that he has been hoist at last by one of his own pe
tards.
Some time ago Mr. Schurz challenged the support
ers of the administration to furnish an instance of an j
?ct of perfidy committed by any republic more in- :
famous than President McKinley's treatment of the
Filipinos. The challenge went unheeded, for the sup
porters of the administration, and indeed the Ameri
can people generally, do not concede that our "Govern
ment has committed perfidy or infamy in any degree
whatever either in the Philippines or elsewhere. Still
the Washington correspondent of the Boston Journal*
thought it worth while to recall Mr. Schurz to his I
senses, and bj* way of doing so has republished what
Was said of the removal of the Ponca Indians from
their homes in South Dakota, an act committed by
Mr. Schurr himself -v.-hile Secretary of the; Interior,
It appears the affair gave rise at the time to no little
indignation among the friends of. the' Indians)' and Mr.
Schurz was denounced as roundly as hejs now de
nouncing others. The. removal, was characterized by j
John D. Long, then Governor of -Massachusetts; 1 as
forming "a flagrant dishonor," and the Senate Com- !
mittee on Indian^ Affairs, of which Henry L. . Dawes i
was chairman, . reported, after investigation, that "we !
can find no language sufficiently strong in which to
condemn the whole proceeding."
In the days when such fierce epithets were being,
hurled at him from the floor of the Senate and from
the country. at large-Mr. Schurz doubtless consoled
himself by the thought that epithets prove nothing,*
and it would be well for him to remember, the same
truth now.
x General Robert A. Friedrlch, United
States District Attorney for Alaska and
president of the Alaska Bar Association,
arrived from' the north recently. His
leave of absence will permit him to enjoy
his « vacation In ; this '. city, where he re
sided prior to his appointment. The Pres
ident recently reappointed General Fried
rich for the full term of four years.
PERSONAL MENTION.
.Don. Bay of ; Gait is at th« Lick.
Pedro Cosca of Guaymas is at the Occi
dental.
H. D. C. Burnhart of Santa Cruz Is at
the Lick.
Sam Tyack, a mining man of Bodie, Is at
the Lick.
I. B. *Burge»s. a merchant of . Bakers
fleld. is at the Lick.
Julius Paul Smith, a wine man of Liver
more, Is at the Palace.
Gr. Kohrmosa. a coffee planter of Costa
Rica, is at the Occidental.
S. P. and- A. J." Dobbin, fruit growers
from Vacavllle, are at the Grand.
Scraby McDowell, representing one of
the large steel works of Chicago, is at the.
Grand. /
-' M. C. Gorgas, U. S. N., came down from
Mare Island yesterday and registered at
the Occidental;
Fred Dodd, a hotel man of Fresno, and
"Wade H. Etter, a hotel man of Stockton,
are at the Lick.
; William E. Pullman', special agent of the
, treasury," doing dutjf in the'El Paso and
Noga4es district," is spending a vacation
In this city. . •
SAME OLD STORY.
J. Mortimer Brown, editor of the White
Lake (S. D.) Wave, summarizes one end
of the political situation in the following
comprehensive manner:"*
You bet. Same old ticket.
Same old boss:
Same old platform . - .
(Minus cross);.
Same old powder.
Same old sun; '
Same old waddln'
TSt^en to one}:
£ame old kickers. •
. Same old srrowl;
Same 'old anti- • '
Hanna howl:
Same old Issues —
Nothing new;
Same old lies to
Help 'em through;
Samo old talkers. r
Same old Josh;
Same old brand of
Campaign slosh;
Same old voters
¦ (BleM their souls).
Same old troundnr
At the polls'
Ing her forthcoming appearance at the Or
pheum. "If I could afford to stay at home
with my blind boy and my little daughter
I should be the happiest woman on earth.
But there are bills to be paid— doctor's
bills the result of my little daughters re
cent illness. Her father won't pay them,
so I must, and I am going on the stage to
earn the money." .
Mrs. "Paxton has a beautiful voice, mez
zo-soprano, velvety In quality and -with a
wonderful "carrying** power. '
As we have insisted, no government is responsible
for these things. The people of the United States
chose to deliberately deceive themselves about the in
dustrial and ph3-sical conditions of the islands. Pro
ceeding without information or in spite of it, they
chose to look upon the acquisition of the Philippines
as securing a territory to which Americans could re
sort for permanent homes as they did to our conti
nental area between the two oceans. This they could
not do if every native were our friend and standing
at the beach to welcome us with music and flowers.
When this self-deception" is exposed by experience
the truth of The Call's frequent warnings will appear,
and the Government will be speedily disembarrassed
of every policy founded upon popular misapprehen
sion.
It is not a political but a physical issue. We can
not chanpe the climate. We cannot by resolution
change a vertical into a slanting sunshine. The rays
will continue to be focused and not distributed, and
the climate that is poison to us will prevail against
armies and everything else.
THE frequent warnings of The Call about the in
dustrial conditions in the Philippines, and our
conclusions that wherever military vigilance is
relaxed or altogether withdrawn there will be no
safety for Americans, are verified from a source that
every investor must respect The Associated Press
reports the findings of a half dozen agents of Ameri
can investors who are in the islands and have investi
gated the conditions there.
Their reports contain no encouragement They
find no safety outside vhe garrison towns. To get
good title to land is at present impossible. The
enly openings there are in the beer and liquor lines,
and such others as depend on army trade.
The mining experts report nothing in sight that is
worthy of consideration, and that far superior invest
ments in that line are plentiful at home, where there
is security for life and property. • ,
All found it impossible to go outside of a town un
less guarded by soldiers. They were surprised at the
difference between actual conditions and the reports
of pacification of the people. As far as the opportu
nities of agricultural home-seekers are concerned,
they are found to be a myth. American labor cannot
exist there, not only on account of the ill feeling of
the people against us and the already dense state of
the population, but because of the climate, which is
poison to our race. <
PHILIPPINE INVESTMENTS.
The voters of this country are not such fools as to
turn their attention from, the great issue of maintain
ing good government, financial honesty arid prosper
ity at home, for the sake of following a demagogue
who goes about-denouncing as imperialism an issue
arising out of; a treaty which he himself advocated,
arid concerning which he -is not statesman enough to
formulate a policy, much less , carry it, were that duty
intrusted to him. \ '- •
THE PARAMOUNT ISSUE.
• C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Minager Foieign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
<Long Distance Telephone "Central 1613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON „ Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PB. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
n House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
cuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentano, 11 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. •
rt'lILlCATIOS OFFICE. .Market utid Tlilrd, S. F.
Telephone Fp*»» 201.
;
EDITORIAL ROOMS... -217 to 221 S«eT(»»B St.
Telephone Prea* SO?.
Delivered by Carrlem. 15 On«« Per W^eeU.
Slacrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms by- Mall. Inclndlng PoitBKei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one y»ar *«.«
DAILT CALL (lncluaing Sunday). « roontht JOT
DAILY CALL. (Including: Sunday), t month* !•»"
J1AILY CALL— By Single Month «»
6UICDAT CALL One T*ir - *•¦•
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear • LW
All postmaster* are autborUed to rccelre
¦abicrlptlom.
Sample ocple« will be forwarded » hen requested.
Mall etibscrlberi in oraertng change of address ehould be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in oraer
to Jn«ur« a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OA1CL.AAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prem 2O4
1 . .Webster explained i that he ; had . already
purchased * $2000 i worth ;i cf J. books i for Indi
gent l pupils,'- but • the supply jwas : Inade
quate. 'The iboard; decided that ,the r addl
tional '"purchase -¦¦ would - be % made : if : . the
fundswarranted it. " . ' . •' ... -
'iii The '• study s of i Spanish^ in ; future 1 will b«
optional in; the; commercial department of
the Lincoln Grammar ; School. '
the position.: — : - - T
"I give notice," said Casserly, "that I
will not vote for any further extension of
Dr. Leland's application. This Is all owing
to the dilatory- tactics cf the Civil Service
Commission, which has been very slow in
holding examinations for some reason or
another."
The extension was granted.
Mrs; M. Shand,' janitress Of the Frank
lin Grammar School, was dismissed from
the department, the dismissal to take ef
fect August 9, 1900. ;l ;
The following transfers were made:
Mrs. J. Murphy, from janltorship of Stanford
School ' to Franklin - Grammar. * to take effect
Aucust 9. 1900. * ¦ zj:
Mrs : D. Curran, from Janltorship of . Hamil
ton School to the Emerson Primary School, vice
Mrs. Ella Hanson, to take effect August 9,
1**00 " ¦ * ¦ ' " ''.'-'¦¦'
' Mrs. J. Hanley, ' from janltorship * of Irvtngr
Primary School to Hamilton Grammar School,
ta take effect August 9, 1900. ,
Mrs. 'Mary Sullivan was appointed jant
tress"of the Irving Primary School, to
take effect August 9, l&X), and Mrs. Mary
Nolan janitress of, Park Primary School,
vice Mrs.'; A'. Kennedy, resigned. -
' The following appointments were made:
?'C.^T: : Work, supervisor of "manual training of
the grammar schools, at a salary, of J20O per
month.'from July 1,1300. ;
iB.- F. Slmcoe, teacher of, manual; training In
the grammar schools: salary lll"0 per year.
C H. Thorpe, teacher of .manual, training In
the grammar schools : i salary tWM) per year.
" Miss Dee Beebe. supervisor of drawing uf the
primary schools ; salary 11200 per year v
; It was : resolved that ' teachers who.
through the consolidation of schools and
classes; were loft without ' employment be
assigned to the substitute list, to: date
from the date < of their notification by s the
secretary of the board ; also that;: pending
further action of the -board; no more pu
pils be admitted to the commercial depart
ment^ of the Lincoln. Giammar School. .1
• The secretary .was authorized to ad
vertise' for^ the sale ¦• of the -building for
merly known \ as the : Ix»ngfellow school
house and for the .sheds connected with
the : Franklin Grammar. School -building,
bids to : be : opened August -15, ,1900, atll
o'clock. ','.. i ;• .¦ , .•¦•" •¦¦'¦! .
The outside classroom of, the Noe yalley
Primary School,' situated af Twenty-sixth
and; Noe: streets,'; was-- abolished, rent: to
cease r September 1, 1900. v -
Leaves of absen ce • were granted to Mi-s.
E. F.. Liebpld,;Mrs. S. Holmes, Miss M.
: A. - Deane,- Miss M. A.* Ryan and • Mrs.'
Edith M.' Stafford. •
>Mrs. Ella ; Hanson resigned her position
as? janitress of .the Emerson 1 Primary
School;*. The 'following -resignations were
accepted: * Lillian R."Suich,'Mies>Florence
Fairchild , : Mrs. Laura Jacobs, : MIsa Mario
Hattinger. ' : V V : \-! "'"¦". '..<:¦-: .
A resolution : Introduced by Superinten
dent -Webster > that Miss ; M. G. ~ Stebbins
be -declared", head teacher? of . the:: Model
School ¦: at ; a> salary : of ? 183: pen month,-- to
take effect immediately, r.was adopted. . -^
. The" following • resolutions, '-. presented »by
iWebster, were taken j, under ; advisement:
.That the pum of J100O be and Is hereby appro
priated for- the : purchase \ of ..books : for jth» use
of : chllOren ' -wtose ; parents are in ; Indigent c\r~
cumstances.V"-".':.:".:*"'-'-' 1 .-:;,'-::. "iv-'*.-"' -¦¦--¦¦ ¦ ' ~)
S That the eum'of J1000 be and'ls hereby appro
priated • for ¦*< the *Z. purchase ' of ;.:¦ r upplementary
readers and library hooka,- the iam< to bo paid
out : of 1 the . fund ¦ at ', the : disposal of this board
for; vhe menth' of ; Septembers 1900. • .. ' ¦
The Board of Education was brought up
with : a round turn yesterday morning by
Superintendent .Webster when it endeav
ored I to carry i out its persistent policy of
leglsjating, teachers out of their positions.
The "cooked-up" resolution which precipi
tated Ayebster's opposition .was ; defeated.'
It provided , that George Bates be • placed
on' the u'nassigned high school list ,*. as j the
number of teachers was greater than the
nutnber 'of- pupils; warranted. '¦¦-, ; ' •- ', •"
¦;•, "1 desire to know," said Webster, '.'the
name of /the teacher who will . perform
the duties^ hitherto carried out by Mr.
Bates." T • ¦,,. • -•-"-«
Chairman Mark replied that Mr. Gal
lagher had been assigned to the position.
"I cannot /understand." retorted Web
ster, "why this severe discrimination [ has
been made." There is nothing. to my knowl^
edge against ' A Mr. ¦ Bates', record ; he .has
had a longer experience in the department
than Mr.; Gallagher, , and I think it is an
injustice ; to f single ; him • out " for j dismissal,
which is practically the sense of the reso
lution."
Webster's severe- castlgation evidently
changed the programme to carry the reso
lution, for when it came to a vote
6erly .was excused from voting for rea
sons which he said he had explained pri
vately to Chairman Mark. Denman ana
Kincaid voted aye and Mark stated that
a necessity . might .arise ; for. Mr. Bates
services and he would . vote against the
resolution, which therefore was lost. He
Bald he would entertain a motion employ
ing Bates tor two-nfths of the time, but
none was forthcoming, so Bates will be
retained in his place. ,. t ...
Annie A. -Hill, a teacher of thirty years
service in the department, and Miss Mora
G. Sullivan filed their resignations, with a.
request that they, be placed on the retired
list, and it was so ordered. .
Or. the representation of the Sunnysiae
District Improvement Club, supplemented
by the report of Superintendent Webster,
that. the school in that section was in a
congested condition, the board will visit
theschool and provide a remedy if found
necessary. AV'ebster recommended that a
new four-room' schoolhouse to cost ?2aw
be built in the district.
vlA": petition signed by 450 taxpayers re
questing the establishment of a nigrn
school class in one of the evening schools
between Golden Gate' avenue and the
beach was taken under advisement.
• ' A resolution was adopted providing for
the establishment of a bookkeeping class
and a commercial arithmetic class In the
Washington Evening School. .
Superintendent Webster, submitted his
financial report for the year ending June
SO, 1900, showing that there. had been re
ceived from all sources the sum of.*1.30l,
513 18 and that the expenditures had l>een
$1,285,098 61. : There is now to the credit of
the fund ' received from collateral inheri
tance taxes the sum of $3729 93.
The Stanford School was formally abol
ished and the pupils were ordered to at
tend the Franklin School.
The following transfers of teachers to
other- schools were ordered:
Miss E. Chase, from Le Conte to Marshall:
Miss H. Featherly, from Le Conte to Hancock;
Mlas M.- Levy, from Grant to John Swett;
Mrs. K. Havnea. from Grant to Hearst: Mrs.
C C. Newell, from 1« Conte to Garfield; Miss
' A. Harney, from Stanford to Agrassiz; MUs E.
. Williamson;.: from 'James ; Lick to; Foirmount;
Mrs K. Turney. from Le Conte to, Fairmount:
Miss C. - Heriick, from Kalrmount to Lincoln:
Miss M. F. Foley. from Longfellovr.to AgassU:
Mrs.'E. Lyon, from principalshlp of ¦ btanferd
to principalshlp of Redding, vice Miss. M. A.
Deane on leave of absence; Miss Susie Vvard.
from Starr King to Hawthorne.-. .
Dr T. B. W. Leland's application for an
extension of his leave of absence was op
posed by Casserly. Leland -desires to
take a civil service examination for some
position but does not wish to leave the
School bepartment until he has secured
New School Wanted in,th» Sunnyalde
IMstrict— Petition for High, Grade
Class in Evening In
stitution.
Charges Board of Education
With Discfimination in
Dismissals.
WEBSTER SAVES
ONE PEDAGOGUE
FROM DISCHARGE
@foe --t^SB^y'.JIfeUr
It will be seen that ' the election ; ; is likely [ to be a
most important one in many respects. Jt will iloubt
less result in a victory for Salisbury, which will enable
him to retain' office long enough to finish the war in
South Africa and direct British action in the present
crisis in China, but not longer. Democracy and so
cialism in Great Britain are advancing in power, and
the jingo spirit of khaki campaigns . cannot always
hold them back.
tain that in some constituencies at least home ' ques :
tions are going to be paramount' to those" of the em
pire. There has long; beenjan agitation for a redis
tribution of parliamentary seats;, as, the present ar
rangement is unfair to many of the more populous
centers. In a recent ?" speech'* upon the .. subj ect» Lord
James of - Hereford ¦ stated that the question" is ; a very
serious one, inasmuch as a redistribution which would
deprive the small boroughs and interests of their pres
ent representation in Parliament "would effect greater
changes than the reform^bills of 1832 or 1867." Some
of < the differences in the number of ; voters in various
constituencies are glaring. In . many^cases boroughs
and county districts having less than 3000 voters have
in Parliament a representation equal to that of. other
constituencies containing five times that number.
These inequalities were intentionally devised with the
object of giving representation to all classes and in
terests of the United Kingdom irrespective of popu
lation, and to overthrow them will bVa long step in
the direction of establishing a pure democracy.
Another factor that is likely to' have" a large effect
upon the election is the determination of the various
labor organizations to form a party of their own. In
an article in the current number of the Forum on
"Labor arid Politics in Great Britain." J. Keir Har
die, one of the ablest leaders of the workingmen,
says that between forty and fifty candidates will ; go
to the polls under the auspices of the -United Labor
party. Such action on the part of the workingmen
will of course weaken the Liberals, and it is quite pos
sible that old historic organization may go out of ex
istence, leaving the^ field free^ for the struggle between
the conservatism represented by the Tories and so
cialism advocated by the labor organizations. .
SINGS IN PUBLIC
FOR HER CHILDREN
Mrs. Bessie Blitz Paxton to
Appear on the Orpheum
al /?? RS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON,
//\/\ ex-wife of Blitz Paxton, , prexl-
II Jk \ dent of the Santa Rosa Bank, is
to appear on Sunday, night at the
Orpheum— the lady's Initial appearance on
the stage of this city.
Mrs. ; Paxton made her professional de
but two weeks ago at the Orpheum In Ix>3
Angeles, and her triumph was .Immense
and Immediate. Grim necessity has driven
Mrs. Paxton from the drawing- room to
the theater. • ¦ ;
"I went on the stage to earn money for
my children," she said yesterday, discuss-
by the court itself. On this commission the best of ;
judicial talent has always been secured, and its assist- •<
ance has been of great value to the bench and of gre,at <
importance to litigants. Its creation involved no j
change in the deposit of authority over the legal rights t
of litigants, and raised no new questions to increase .
the litigation or augment the congestion which the
commission was devised to relieve. 1
Changing all this, the last Legislature proposed ]
an amendment to the constitution, creating three ap- ;
pellate districts in the State and furnishing each with
a separate appellate bench, consisting of three mem
bers. This appellate court of nine Justices is intended
to intervene between the supreme bench and the j
courts of first instance. It is to be furnished with an
elaborate machinery of bailiffs, reporters, stenog
raphers, etc, and its members are to be paid $6000
annual salary.
The amendment also proceeds to limit the jurisdic
tion of the Supreme Court, confining it to certain 1 is
sues only. 1
We have closely examined the existing situation in
the courts and the effect of the amendment, . if
adopted, and conclude that it does not amend, does
not make better, our judicial system.
It adds largely ta the cost for which the taxpayers
must provide, and does not return to them an equiva
lent economy. Instead of decreasing it will at once
increase litigation, since it raises a vast mass of liti
gable issues by the changes implied in the deposit of
judicial remedy.
There are, at the outset, doubts of the legality of its
submission in the absence of an express statute pro
viding therefor. If adopted, all appealable litigation
will stand still until this doubt has been judicially
solved. Then will arise the cloud of issues involved
in the judicial change affecting judicable rights.
Some of the older States have these intermediate
appellate benches, as has our Federal system. But
the States in which they exist are far older, than Cali
fornia, with a volume of litigation much in excess
ours, and with a taxpaying capacity far more able to*
support them. ¦
New York has such a court, but her population is
six millions, while"California has only one million and
a quarter. . ;
i ¦ It seems fantastic to say that we require the same
costly and ponderous judicial machinery that is found
necessary in New York. .
Our courts are costly. The judicial buildings in
every county are provided by the taxpayers, and
constitute a vast outlay of public money. The sala
ries of Judges and court officers are a heavy charge
upon the public treasury.
The proper tendency- of the public mind is toward
the economy and simplicity of government, not to
extravagance and complexity. This is shown in the
movement originated in the State Teachers' Associa
tion to apply economy and simplicity to the adminis
tration of our • school system. The cost of that ad
ministration .having become formidable and its com
plexities being on the increase, a commission of
teachers and those interested in education is at work
to increase the efficiency of the schools, not by pro-,
. viding more elaborate and costly machinery, but by'
doing away with existing complexities and their cost.
As this originated with the teachers themselves, the
' legal profession may well be admonished by it ; and
' conform its action to the public tendency.
Thus far it must, in fairness be said for Governor
Gage's administration that it has been characterized
by commendable economy. This is conceded by, those
1 who have felt justly aroused to criticism in other re
! spects. But the party which elected him must bear. the
blame of any departure from-that, policy, whether.the.
' executive is directly responsible or not, and we are
convinced that it will feel severely the consequences of
this bad amendment., which will increase the cost and
difficulties' of the judicial situation.
0 BfID AMENDMENT.
r\> MENDMENT. means to make better. Statutes
f~\ are amended to cure some defect tliat has ap
* peared in- their practical operation. ..Constitu
tions are amended, to add tp their- excellence, to in
crease their protection to the rights oft person V and
property, and to further economize or rationalize the
system of government which they provide. Unless
amendments serve one or. the other, or all, -of these
purposes'and objects, they are; not; in ,the; true and
proper sense amendments- at all, since they effect no
betterment in the instrument of .which they become a
part. Mainly through infirmity in " procedure, Uhe
courts of the State complain of undue pressure " of
litigation. The chase for a judicial finality is a stern
chase, and therefore a long one.' Through the for
malities*of procedure in the courts of first instance a
habit has arisen of taking matters to the Supreme
Court, with a view of securing some sorr of estoppel
upon the intermediate courts. The Supreme Court
has come to be used as a pruner of procedure in the
courts below, not by the regular processes of appeal,
but by cuts across lots. This has tended to congest
the docket of the Supreme Court, and to unduly delay
its decisions, in major cases, which involve the
greater principles of the law. To relievo this conges
tion the court has been furnished with the assistance
of a commission, the members of which are appointed
ARMY PACKERS
AND TEAMSTERS'
WAGES REDUCED
Experienced Men , Wanted to
Go to China, but Pay
Is Too Small.
If Men Cannot Be Secured on the
Coast Easterners 'Will Be Sent.
Quartermaster General Is
sues the Order.
The Quartermaster general of the United
States army in his telegram of a few
days ago regarding the organization of
mule wagon teams Instructed the quar
termaster at the Presidio to employ a
sufficient number of packers at 550 per
month. Packers heretofore have been
paid 160. Experienced packers In this city
refused the lower rate of wages and the
department was so informed. The next
telegram was to the effect that If men
could not be secured in San Francisco for '
$50 a month packers would be forwarded I
from the East.
A number of teamsters are also wanted,
but men experienced in the handling of
army mule teams are not to be had for
130 a month, $10 less than paid heretofore.
The horses of the Third Cavalry wera
yesterday released from 1 quarantine, the
veterlnarles being satisfied they did not
have the glanders. Several suspected
cases of glanders appearing among the
horses of the Ninth Cavalry, their de
parture from the Presidio will be delayed
until the last moment, in order that the
disease may be stamped out.
Battery O. Seventh Artillery, from Fort
Biley, Kansas, is expected to arrive here
to-morrow. The battery is 175 strong and
brings the largest guns in use in the
United States army. The battery and
Blew; guns are destined for China.
The troopers of the Ninth Cavalry will
be tendered a reception by the members
of the African Methodist Episcopal
Church at 805 Stockton street to-night.
The bodies of the following soidler*
who died in Manila arrived on the Sner-
Corporal Alf Goeke and Privates OL. • HId
pler and P. Mullen of Company. O. Third In
fantry, killed la action; A. Hug. Company A.
Ninth Infantry: Sergeant M. O. Burns. Thir
teenth Infantry; M. .Gordon private. Company
L. Thirteenth Infantry: C. T. Stowa Quarter
master sergeant. Fourteenth In*"*'*' £- T °"
Muller. private. Company H. fourteenth In .
fantry; William J. Re*an. private. Company G.
Seventeenth Infantry; W. Murphy, Private.
Company I. Twenty-third Infantry: H. C.
Blaeklng. Company B. Thirtieth Infantry .F.
C BrlenT private. Company I. Thirtieth Infan
try: J. M. Judy. Company B. Thirty-second In
fantry; Everette Kirby. private Company C.
Thirty-ninth Infantry; Horace Webster. ™™
lieutenant. Forty-second Infantry: Ira A. Ste
vens. Company K. Forty-second Infantry . Ju
lius Johansen. Company A. Forty-nfth Infan
try- S S. Regnler. corporal. Company O. For
ty-sixth Infantry; Oscar Peterson. pri*»«.
Company H. Forty-stxth. Infantry; R- H. Hus
ton, captain. Forty-seventh Infantry: J. A.
Jarvis. private. Hospital Corps: 8 - C. Jack
man Company I* Forty-seventh Infantry, and
W C. Getger. captain. Philippine Cavalry.
THURSDAY ...AUGUST 9, 1900
. JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
man:
¦ /T* HARLES A. FAULKNER of West Virginia,
( on' arriving in this city, announced that the
/ chief issuer of the campaign is to be that; of
imperialism. As he was at one time a UnitechStates
Senator and one of the .most eminent Democrats of
that body, his words may be taken as an expression
of the sentiment of the higher Democratic councils.
Like so. many other distinguished Southerners, he
feels a desire to get rid of , as much of Bryanism as
possible, and recognizes that the renomination of the
free silver champion of 1806 renders it necessary; to
the party to get a new issue by way of counteracting
the. hoodoo.
The wish is ever father of the thought, and
hence the distinguished West Virginian is doubt
less quite sincere in thinking that in the coming elec
tion the people will dismiss "all thought of Bryan's
financial, schemes and look upon^ him solely as a de
fender of the constitution against the ambitions of
aggressive imperialists. In • fact, Bryan himself will
do what he can to further the scheme^ and in accept
ing his nomination has talked as if imperialism were
the sole issue of the campaign.' '
Up to this time there Has been nothing in the trend
of events or the development of public sentiment to
justify the hopes of these Democratic yearners after
a new issue, j In the first place no one has • any fear
of the establishment of "imperialism'-' by, the Republi
can party. All that has been ; accomplished f or : free
dom and for the Union and the \ constitution ;- in .the
last fifty years has been achieved. by the Republican
party, and the people know that the issues arising
out of the war with Spain can be more safely in
trusted to Republicans than to Democrats ; to Mc-
Kinleythan to Bryan. *
It is known that when the treaty with Spain was
under consideration • in - the Senate Bryan urged his
followers in that body to ratify it, and that therefore
he is as responsible as any one else for the Philippine
question and every other problem that has come out
of the treaty.! Moreover, he has among his supporters
men like Morgan of Alab'ama, who are among .the
most imperialistic jingoes of the country; and so,
while he talks anti-imperialism with all -the multitude
of words at this command, he would, -< if -elected, be
surrounded by a worse jingo crowd than could be
found in the Republican party if it were searched, Icr
them.
In fact, as the campaign shapes itself it is becoming
more and .more apparent that the chief issue in the
minds of the people is that "of preserving the existing
prosperity and good : order of the republic,: while
waiting for time and experience^to show what is best
to do with respect to those problems, which are as yet
not clearly : understood. As has v been said by James
H. Eckels, Comptroller of the Currency during the
administration of Cleveland:
"No issue set forth, no matter how cunningly de
vised and ; arranged, can , be made paramount to the
issue of Mr. Bryan himself. No man is fitted for the
Presidency who proclaims, in the midst of a demon
strated - better condition of affairs, the ¦ reverse to be
true in : order to foment a discord which will gain to
himself and party a political; advantage. Mr. Bryan
hardly appeals to the thoughtful: citizen when; upon
one 'hand he is presented by the Populists and 'on, the
otherby Tammany.. The joining hands with the one
constitutes ah offense against safety in. governmental
administration ; .the alliance with the other an offense
against political decency."
BRITISH HOME POLITICS.
SOME time ago' the London Chronicle an
nounced: "We understand the Cabinet lias de
cided to advise her Majesty to dissolve Parlia
ment duririglthe '."first week in October, should there 1
bo no further developments in the South African situ
ation. The headquarters of both political parties are
acting on the assumption that the dissolution will
come at the time named and are making their prepa
rations accordingly."
Confirmation to the announcement comes from the ¦
London Times, wfiich, in commenting on Wednes
day on the work of the session, said: "Few among
keen observers of politics doubt that dissolution will
follow prorogation within two or three montha"
We are thus to have a general election; in Great Brit- ;
ain coincidently with our own,, and an object lesson
will be given of the contrast between the methods of.
the two countries in taking ah appeal to the\peoplcY
Our campaign .will 1 last for months, while that of the;
[British will hardly occupy as . many weeks, and? to
that extent their system is better than ours, for.in.a
prolonged contest there \s always more or less dis
turbance of th"c usual business and industry of a peo-i
pie without any, compensating. benefit -politically. "-
It is very well understood that the Ministers advise;
dissolution af this time because they expect the suc
cess achieved in'the South; African war; to help their
party at the polls) They desire to; make the fightTon
the issue of : imperial ' interests rather than on that of
home politics, for on the imperial issue the Tories are
united, while the Liberals are divided. -A' "khaki
campaign," as the British papers call the. scheme, ap
pears to; be 'good^Tory'; politics just now, and it seems :
'evident the Liberals will 5 have to fight at a great dis
advantage.. ', -\ '
Despite all the Ministers may do.' JUowftvcr.it is ccr-,
The Supervisors; have under consideration an i ordi
nance intended to increase the chances of success of
those who; patronize nickel-in-the-slot machines. , The
shortest and best means of this would
be to suspend the coinage of nickels.. \
; Latest reports from * Cape Nome indicate '•' very
clearly that most of the adventurers who hastened to
the north went with the notion; that they. .were to be- ;
come human beasts of prey. The gold-hunters are '*
how living on one another.
. While the clock game gamblers snow, on trial in the
Police Court are t extremely explicit '. in telling ' j how) a
man • can* put his ' money : upon ; the - swindle, 'they are
eloquently silent as to how he* is ever able to get it
back again. ,
¦ « ... •
Uncle ; Sam's soldiershave left the harbor^ fired with
the !; enthusiasm of } ignorance for ; the campaign - 'in
China'. The Presidio hospitals give eloquent and •¦ sad
prophecy of - how . many j of the ; poor^ fellovvs \ will re-
TnE SA1S T FRANCISCO,CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1OOU;
6
MRS. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON.
; ;/ Special '¦¦: Information ;~ supplied : dally ; to
business * houses ; and ; public " men •> by ' the'
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), B10 Mont-
gomery, st.'^Telephone- Main 1042. •
¦Cal. slace IruSt 50c perjD'at.Townsend**. 1
INSURANCE COMPANY /
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1&9. and for tha
year endlnr en that day. a* mad« to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of tha Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: .
ASSETS.
Leans on bonds and mortgages.. ....$ (0.000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company l.JT«.S88 00
Cash in company's office..; 13.823 90
Cash la banks .- 1S7.473 19
Interest - due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 850 0»
Premiums In due course of collection 339.242 21
Total assets 12.637.777 XX ,
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid... 4 CMS 77
Losses In process of adjustment or .
In . suspense 209.511 >l
Losses resisted, including expense*.. 33.604 S4
Gross pieratums on flr« risks runnlnj
one year or less. I1.997.163 44: r«-
lnsuranca 50. per cent Wf.973 73
Gross premiums on flre risk* running
more than ©n« year. $1,100,177 84: r»-
Jnaurance pro rats «X.«79 44
Due and accrued . for salaries, rent,
etc " 3.6S5 91
All other demands a*a!nst the com- ~
pany ~ "?• <M « l
Total liabilities .l2.039.5a9 73
IXCOME. *
Net cash actually received for ««•
R^.lved^r'inVeVe"srVnd*d\Vwend; •: M
on bonds, stocks. loans, and from f •
all other sources M.04S \ i
Received for profit on sai« of se- • >, ,«.
• • • r:,vsn aa
Total income .......*. .12.413.837 U
EXFENT>mntE3.' ,
Net amount raid for flre losaea (ln-
eluding 1203.321 03. losses of pre-
vious years) IU50.M5 97
paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage 517.85* 08
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 137.J4191
Paid for State, national and local
.- tfljfrft -- ----"--¦. --..^.... ....... Qu.ulM 14
All other i»yments and expenditures 103.91R JJ
ToUl expenditures .12.389.940 82
Losses Incurred during the year. flr«..rt.«37.30t
, Risks and Premiums.. Fire Risks. IPremiunn.
Net ' ¦ amount • ' of ' risks
. written * durlns the
yea" $289,433,343 C.924.300 M
Net amount of risks
expired durlnc . the
year ...-.---——• 841.764.268 J. 474.910 S?
Net amount In force D«- ':
¦icember 31. 1S99.... 309.875.303 3.0W.O7 tS
WM. WOOD. Manawer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 33d
day of January. 1900. a *i>**V
E. S. INNET. Notary Public .
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT, .
Principal Office— 439 California St^l
SAN 'FRANCISCO.
CHAS. A. LAT0N, Manager.
PALATINE
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
AUCTION SALES.
Dy A. W. Louderback— To-day, at 2 ©•dock. Turkish and
Persian Rugs, at corner Gear> - and Stockton streets. .
/. l-.i7.ar — "The Otintry Girl."
Columbia — "HeartMase."
Orxheum— Vaudeville.
Grar4 Opfra-house— "The Mlfldlemaa." .
California— "Th« Night of the Fourth."
Tlvo'.l — "Kicoletto."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— SpeclalUes.
Chutes, Zoo and Tlieatcr— Vaudeville every afternooa and
evening.
Fischer' s —^^'audei-llle.
Sutro Baths — Open X!«-hts.
State Fair. Sacramento— September i to 15. •
embrace, but ¦ one subject, -¦ which shall - be
set forth in • its title. ,, Lane says. .however,
ths, title of the ordinance is unnecessarily
long^ and that , the ¦ ordinance itself might
with advantage be subdivided into several
distinct ordinances; each "having its. own
appropri a t e tl tie. SMUHMM^HH
Griffin-Krone "Wadding.
"WiU'D. Griffln. statistician to the Board
of Health, and Miss Helen A. Krone were
married Tuesday evening at 9 o'clock at
i the parochial residence of St. Mary s
Cathedral. Rev. Jerome B. Hannlgan of-
ficiated.
Do Yon Enjoy Comfort
When you trarel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on tha
••North Coast Limited." the most perfectly •»-
pointed train In America. Solid vesttbuled and
lighted with . incandescent electric^ lights, ob-
servation car • with a', large j parlor 'for ktdiea.
tourist aleeplns • car -finished In mahocany and
upholstered in olive green I leather. ¦ Th* only
line sening tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low.
est rates. T. K. STATELEH, Gen. Agt.. 80S
Market at.. S. F. -, • _ ''
The Santa Fe will' sell tickets to Chteazo
and return on Aucust 21 and 22 at the very
low rate of *72 50. eood for" sixty days. ThU
Is a very low rat« an<J Is open for all. Tn»y
will tell you all about It at 623 Market »tre*t.
If you mflter from looseness of the bowels.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters will surely cur«
you. ''""'
:-J. Fire Ordinance. Too Long.
: . City ; j Attorney 4 Lane ; A transmitted : an
opinion : to| the t Board : of i Supervisors^ yes-
terday, In he^holds;that;there ; ls no
; conflict ibetweenltheltitle: of; the] proposed
new ; fire- ordinance andi'the-charter pro-
, vision' which says that* an ordinance shall
AMUSEMENTS.OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— The twenty-second
annual report of the Board of Trustees of
the Oakland Free Library presented at a
meeting ; of the Trustees 1 last Evening
shows that owing to the small amount 'of
caeh available : for/- the • purchase < of , new
books there was a decrease of, 2549 In the
number of volumes' circulated. The aver
age dally attendance ; at the various ' read
ing rooms about the city was above the
average, of former . years. - ¦ - ¦•'..¦•;
There were 27,273 -.visitors * to . the * refer
ence room, as against 15,634 for the year
before.; During the year . 144S volumes were
purchased and. SOS were donated. .
LIBRARY REPORT SHOWS
DECREASED CIRCULATION
Public Utilities Committee Postpones
Recommendation on Two Prop
ositions Submitted.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities decided on Tuesday night to post
pone recommendations for one week on
the two plans submitted by an Eastern
syndicate and by the Independent Elec
tric Light and Power Company to light
the city's streets and buildings.
A. Brooke Ridley explained the offer of
the Eastern- syndicate to construct the
plant for $1,000,000, to be paid for by the
city in twenty Installments of $275,000 each.
The cost of operation is to be borne by
the syndicate.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, was present and ex
pressed* himself in favor of the offer,
which he considered would give fairly
good lighting to tho city. He thought
that certain conditions might arise In the
future, however, that would require ma
ture consideration at present. To his
question whether a* special election would
be required for the purpose Chairman
Reed said that the Supreme , Court had
ruled that if a special election were for
mally called It could be held on the day
of the regular election on November 6.
The offer of the Independent Light and
Power Company to construct a pole lino
system to be sold to; the city for $225,000
was also considered.' After the plant is
Installed bids for electric current will bo
advertised, and the company has offered
to bid 27V4 cents per arc lamp in order to
prevent any raise in the price by any pos
sible combine. A. M. Hunt, manager of
the Independent Company, explained the
proposition to the committeo. It would
cost about $225,000 per year for lighting
under hi? system. Reed said that the cost
of the plant was to be met by three in
stallments of $75,000; each. There would
be difficulty in arranging for the succes
sors of the present board to carry out
the terms of the contract as they might
refuse to pay the installment becoming
due during their term. This Is a serious
obstacle, said Reed, as the city might re
pudiate its contract. .- , •• .;.-• . •*
PLANS FOR LIGHTING CITY
STILL IN ABEYANCE
evening. M. • Ehrman. vice president of
the club, presided in tho absence of Hor-
Strong Resolutions.
k. The Antl-Bcss Republican Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District held an en
thusiastic meeting in Franklin Hall last
Republican Club of the " Forty-First
Assembly District Adopts,
WILL WORK TO DEFEAT
EFFORTS OF BOSSES
Governor Henry T. Gage has gone to
Michigan for a season of rest and medita
tion. t*ri< r to his departure he made com
plete arrungtnw-nts u-lth Lieutenant Gov
ernor Jacob Hart N(ff for the government
of the- commonwealth during his absence.
According to the modus vlwndi Lieuten
ant Governor Neff is to have all the hon
ors, but none of the emoluments applying
to the chief executive station. In fact,
the agreement entered into before the de
parture of Gage provided that Neff should
make no appointments to office. It wa*
stipulated in particular that no one should
be appointed to lill the vacant judicial of
nce »n fcacranit-nto. Governor lJuj^ c«n
eidtred mat the general election wuuid
be coming aicng within thre« months ana
the voters wouid elect a Judge of tne au
pertor Court of the state for that county,
'ihe reasons which seemed s-j good wnen
applied to Sacramento did not nold pood
so far south as ban lJlego. Gage ttiiea tne
S-aD Diego vacancy just before he railed
for Michigan. Ihe ncsr approach ot the
general election had no restraining influ
ence on the executive mind. Hut Neff. the
happy miner, does not care, lie v.as not
snxjous anyway to appoint a Judge. He
confesses lrankly that he is not a good
judge of Judges. When it comes to sign
ing requisition papers the acting Govei
nor win come to the front in nne style and
nobly atflx his autograph to the .docu
ments. So doubt acting Governor Neif,
if he so desired, could direct Private Sec
retary Foley to produce the offljial letter
book of the Governor ot California and
disclose the contents of that remarkable
letttr which astounded the Attorney Gen
eral, but whether Koley would obey is
culte another question.
Th«> hor.ors reserved for acting.Gover
nor Keff are vast and varied. If he should
fancy a parade in honor of anything or
anybody he could order out the gorgeous
eta'ff of the commander in. chief of th*
land and naval forces of California. He
could order a full-dre*s parade and the
order would be obeyed because no one ever
heard of a Governor's staff .refusing or
cec'lninj? on .any pretext to parade.
Any hour of tne day or night acting
Governor Neff could order Adjutant Gen
eral Seamane to appear in full uniform
and report the condition of iho National
Guard, and Neffs will would be Seamans
pleasure. For Inspiration at dawn and
meditation at twilight the mortal adju
tant general, full panoplied and fierce,
could be ordered into the presence of the
rommtnder in chief. Neff need not say
more then this:
"General, for style on parade you sur
pass anything- that Gage ever Imported
from L»os Angeles, you are not as fat'aa
Parker, but I will be handed If you dnn't
outclass him for pulchritude."
Sfamans would like this sort of thing
and Gage wouldn't care. So casting about
over the field of opportunity one can -find
mnny avenues of honorable pleasure for
an acting Governor— pleasures quite as
edifying- ar.d ennobling as the joys of ap
pointing Judges and issuing commissions
to notaries public.
Lieutenant Governor Bound by a
Pledge to Make No Appoint
ments While Gag-s Is
East on Vacation.
He Guides the Ship of State
While the Governor
Takes a Rest
NO EMOLUMENTS
BUT HIGH HONOR
FOR JACOB NEFF
Wherees, The Army and Navy Republican
I^eague beins a" organization having for Its
pole object the upholding and sustaining of the
principles of the Republican party, and the se
curing of the success of the Republican ticket
when the nominations have been made and its
ticket i» before the people, and %- . ..
Whereas, The regulations of the league, pre
vent It* taking part as an organization in the
preliminary contest between two or more Re
publican candidates for nomination, to any of
fice upon the party : ticket, this camp would,
under ordinary conditions, be prevented from
taking action In the contest now on in this
Third Congressional District, . but .
Whereas, Upon investigation, it plainly ap
pears that but one Republican candidate is now
before the party for Its nomination; therefore
Resolved, By Camp 3 of the Army and Navy
Republican League that. we will do all that can
and ehould be.done by us to secure the tri
umphant renomtnatlon of that staunch. . true,
tried and unwavering Republican, Victor H.
Metcalf. a« candidate for re-election to the Con
tress of tho United States irtm this district.
The Army and Navy League Supports
Metcalf Upon This Ground.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— The Army and
Navy Republican League of this city
adopted resolutions on Tuesday evening
which declare that Victor H.* Metcalf 'is
the only Republican candidate In the field.
The constitution of the Army and Navy
League prevents its taking any part iln
factional politics before conventions, but
at its meeting Tuesday evening the league
decided to support Metcalf upon the
ground that he was the only Republican
running, and these resolutions ¦ were
adopted:
DALTON NOT A BEPUBLICAN.
The Thlrty-nf th District Bryan ' and
Stevenson Club met at Silk's Hall, at
Precita avenue and "Mission street, last
night. W. Burnes was in the chair. L.
L. Dolan acted as secretary. Thirty mem
bers signed the roll. The meeting then
adjourned, awaiting the action of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
Democrats of the Thirtjr-Fifth.
The Fifth Congressional, District Repub
lican committee met last night at the law
office of Assemblyman W. H. Cobb. G. H.
Falrchild was called to the chair. On
motion of E. T. Robinson the committee
adjourned until next Tuesday at 3 p. m.
Fifth District Republicans.
The "Boss" Republican Club of the
Forty-first District enthused at Peaksley
Hall last evening, about 150 members at
tending. Chairman Arthur Spear presided
and lywis Holn acted as secretary.
Speeches were made bv Judge Van Vleet
Judge Hamilton. E. S. Esberg, E. C
Casey. Henrv Dlckensfield and Judge H
C. Dibble. The meeting of the clu6 will
be held August 17. .;-..•.: '--f.':
Dibble Followers Meet.
The Central Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth District met last evening In
Saratoga Hall. George W. I>?wis is the
president and Gus Hartmann secretary.
Speeches- were made by A. J. Morgan
««tern and Colonel Roberts. Harmon D.
Skellin. age nine. led the club in cheers
for McKinley and Roosevelt and also re
cited. Fred Everett. Thomas Ryan and
Mr. Oliver sang, Messrs, Patton and
Wyneberg accompanying. Dr. Crawford
also recited.
Central Club of Thirty-U"inth.
Resolutions were adopted by the club
tendering its thanks to the people of the
district for the pplendld majority given to
the delegates proposed by the club and
requesting the county commltteemen of
the district to use all the power at their
command to promote the principles upon
which the club was formed — good govern
ment and anti-bosplsm— and thereby a»-
Fis=t in defeating the efforts of the so
called bosses. Kelly and Crimmins. to con
trol the affairs of the Republican party in
this city. The resolution was drawn up
by James W. Remfield, P. Callsen and F.
C. Sel fridge.
Short speeches were made by George R.
Sanderson. F. C. Selfridge. Fablus T.
Finch and Mr. Ehrman. The club ad
journed until next Wednesday.
ace Davis, the president. The committee
on permanent quarters was authorized to
rent rooms Immediately in the building at
the corner of Fillmore and Jackson
streets. The campaign committee was
authorized to send out circulars to all the
voters in the district inviting them to Join
the cluli.
Nathan "Track, a member of the County
Committee, paid that all the trouble In the
Republican party centered around the
fight in the Fortv-flrst District, for it ap
peared that Dibble began his manipula
tions there and had succeeded in captur
ing enough members of the County Com
mittee to control that body. "To me It
looks as if the boss element will have con
trol of the election of precinct officers and
delegates to the conventions," he paid.
convinced that by to doing we are aiding to
uphold (.nd sustain our standard bearers, Mc-
Klnley and Hoosevelt.
Koso!v<"1. Thit Mr. Metcalf has moreover
earned the loyal mippcrt Of every old soldier
end tailor of the Lite civil war, by his devo
tion to their Inter-Fts as a body, and the atten
tion which he hns. without a single exception,
plven to e\-ery personal call from them a* in
dividuals.
Resolved, Tfrat tr, far as It is possible the
members of this camp will be personally pres
ent at th«» polls on Saturday next to aid In se
curing the election of delegates who* will 'vote
lor htm In convention.
Unanimously adopted at a regular meeting of
Oakland Camp No. 3. Army nnd Navy Repub
lican League. Department of California, August
6. 1?CO.
JOHN C. LITTLE, Colonel.
J. A. COLQUHOKN, Adjutant.
The Republicans of South Berkeley held
a roupinB meeting Monday to ratify the
national ticket of the party. There was a
large attendance of the Republicans of
tho town and those present pledged their
supDort to th<*> war president.
Chairman Charles R. Holton call<^d the
meeting to order and introduced the' fol
lowing namrd speakers, who aroused
much enthusiasm: Dr. H. N. Rowell, Hon.
Victor Metcalf. Judge John Ellsworth,
Judge F. B. Opden. Clinton Dodge, Su
pervisor John Mitchell, R. G» Lukens,
William H. Waste. Major C. H. Jensen
and Judge Robert Edgar.
Two candidates for the Assembly havo
arisen in the Flfty-flrsL District—Freder
ick C. Clift and Dr. N. K. Foster. Mr.
Cllft 13 an attorney of prominence and
repptatlon and Dr. Foster Is well known
in the Seventh Ward, where he has taken
a great interest In improvements.
A Dalton Club was organized In the
Second Ward last evening with Mark
Thomas as president and F. J. Wentworih
eecretary.
The dead man was of medium height
nnd build, weighing about 150 pounds, and
had dark hair and good teeth. He wore
a dark plaid coat and vest and pants with
a dark stripe, buckle brogans. gray flan
.nel underwear and tennis flannel shirt
'with red stripe. A cheap nickel watch
wa9. found In h's pocket.
The body of an unknown man was found
floating' iu the. bay yesterday near Fish
ermen's wharf by Paul Tarsala and Ivulgl
Ferrata, fishermen. The body was In an
advanced state of decomposition, the fea*
tures being unrecognizable, and had evi
dently been In the water about a month.
Unknown Drowned Man Found.
here and has been out of money.
Mrs. Dufau went into Shipley's room
Saturday morning, while he was still in
bed, and gathered up all his clothes." She
took his trousers, coat and vest, hat,
shoes and shirt. When she went out she
took his key and locked him in, but pres
ently came back and unlocked the door.
He was captive fast enough without any
bolts and bars.
Young Shipley took matters philosophi
cally and turned over and "went to sleep
again. He stayed in bed that day and
night. Sunday he sat up wrapped in a
red comforter from the bed, his No. 6 feet
encased in a pair of No. 10 shoes that had
been left in the clothes closet by a for
mer lodger. Cigarettes had been his only
sustenance since Friday evening and he
began to feel pangs of hunger ot the sort
that make a man desperate. But there
was the dragon lying in wait. Besides,
he hadn't even a pair of pajamas in which
to venture out" upon the street.
Sunday evening an acquaintance passed
along liush street and Shipley waved a
corner of the red comforter at him as a
signal of distress. The acquaintance
brought up a tin of beans and a bottle of
boor, and went away promising to come
back Monday morning with food and
clothing. He forgot to do so.
All day Monday and all day Tuesday
Shipley sat and shivered as he waited for
the coming of a supply train. The nights
were a blank until he began to dream of
Another acquaintance, Charles Wade of
675 Bush street, passed the Grenoble yes
terday afternoon and learned of Shipley's
distress. He sent a pot pie up to No. 11,
the room occupied by the prisoner. An
hour later Shipley was smoking an after
dinner cigarette and waiting for Wade's
return, either with money to redeem his
clothes or with trousers in ; which . he
might walk forth to freedom.
"I have been losing bills too often of
late," Mrs. Dufau said last evening.
"Shipley will get his clothes back when
he pays. I don't know how he is to get
the money, but he must get it. I am not
keeping him prisoner. He can go out on
the street any time he likes, for all I care.
But I am going to get that room rent
either by this means or pome other."
Shipley claims that he could have se
cured the money to pay the room rent if
he had beert given a fair chance. He says
Mrs Dufau took his clothes not so raucli
to collect the bill as in revenge because
he failed to go to her rescue promptly
Friday night when she thought a burglar
was trying to get into her room.
French dinners, and then he lost the
power to sleep. Fearing he would get too
weak to walk, Shipley in sheer despera
tion wrapned his comforter about him
Tuesday night and stole out to a corner
grocery, but his reception was so gruff
that he stole back again to his room with
his two days' hunger and thirst still with
him.
The young man chosen by Mrs. Dufau
for her experiment In lodging-house
finance is Herbert L». Shipley. He came
to Pan FYaneisoo from Stbastopol. So
noma County, four months ago. He had
worked there in a furnishing goods store,
and before that had been similarly em
ployed in Seattle. He did not find work
9Na little west room on the second floor
I of the Grenoble lodging-house, 613
jj Bush street, a. wan-faced young man
ha* sat in embarrassing captivity since
Eaturday morning. Early that day, .be
fore he had got out of bed, his landlady,
one of the inexorable sort, invaded his
elght-by-ten castle and carried away all
his clothes. She says she will return
them when the captive has paid her five
weeks' room rent at $2. per, and not be
fore.
Mrs. M. A. Dufau Is the name of the
landlady who has adopted so unusual a
method of collecting room rent. She is a
middle-aged French woman, with stern
features, a dangerous glint In her eyes
end well developed physical strength.
She fays she does not Intend to lose any
more room-rent bills, for if trouserless
captivity does not bring impecunious
lodgers to time s=he will find methods that
will. They say she has even made threats
to shoot.
MBS. M. A. DUFAU'S ORIGINAL METHOD OF FORCING A LODGER TO COME TO TIME.
Young Man Spends Five Days in Trouserless Captivity in
a Bush-Street Lodging-House, With Two Lunches
in That Time to Keep Him Alive.
TOOK LODGER'S CLOTHES TO
COMPEL PAYMENT OF RENT
Mr. "Wetmore says that the "If" in Mr.
Mills' communication Is significant. Should
the suggested course be taken Mr. Wet
more, i? confident that California will not
be permitted by the French Jurors to get
a gold medal. Three-fourths of the jury
are French. They know that if they give
a gold medal to California It will be used
for all that it is worth. In twenty years
the French have lost the American mar
ket for all wines except champagne. At
Bordeaux In 1S9S gold medals were award
ed to wines from Japan and Chile, but
none to California wine.
Clarence J. Wetmore, president of the
Wetmore-Bowen Company, has .found in
statistics a reason for the raw work on
the part of Paris Exposition jurors con
cerning California wines "exhibited at the
French capital. "I find in Houforts' Cir
cular," said Mr. Wetmore, "that during
the nrst six months of the present year
the total importations into New York of
Bordeaux, iiurgundy and Cette wines
amounted to oniy im.IOu gallons and 41,304
cases. In the same penou California
snipped 5,000.000 gallons* of wine 10 New
¦i oik. That tells the whole story. Cali
fornia has taken from. France its' wine
traae, cnampagnes exceptea. The figures
In liouforts' Circular may be relied upon."
Some time ago a sub-committee of the
Jury on wine at -the Paris snow recom
mended that California wines Having upon
tntnr labels the name of any French dia
tiict should be barred from competition.
7ne pretext for this action was that the
labels were misleading. The fallacy ot
thlB claim has been ho- ably exploited in
communications sent on from California
since the proposed action was forecasted
that the jurors would seem to be waver
ing. A communication from Paris, signed
by William H. Mills, which was published
in The Call Tuesday morning, brought In
formation that J. H.- CSore, juror In chief,
now says that all wines will be examined
and that the labels will be referred to the
jury. "If this course 1b pursued," wrote
Mr. Mills— "and I now have no reason to
doubt that it will be— whatever award
of merit the California wines will receive
will be upon the naked merit of the arti
cle."
Figures Showing How California Has
Captured American Market Ex
plain Queer Actions at v
Exposition.
Frenchmen Use Wine Labels
as Pretext to Cover
Trade Defeat.
WETMORE FINDS
GAUSE FOR RAW
WORK AT PARIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI.I,, THIJRSDAY, ATJGUST : 9,< 1900.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
TI YOLsi*
SPECIAL NOTICE.
OWING TO THE ENORMOUS SUCCESS OF
"OTHELLO" anl "RIGOLETTO"
The two operas will be.
SUNG f\l-.TU IMI2JKT VA/KEK..
Week of Aujust 20. "TANNHAUSER" and
"MIGNON."
Seats purchased for "Tannhauser" and
"Mjgnon*' can be exchanged seven days ahead,
rommenclng next Monday.
CURTAIN RISES AT % P. M. SHARP!
THE OREATKST TRIUMPHS EVER
• KNOWS !
TO-NIGHT. Sunday Eve., Saturday Matinee.
"RIGOLETTO/ 9
Ferrari. Rubso, Nlcollnl. Polltlnl and Repetto.
Friday and Saturday Nights,
"OTHELLO/ 9
Avedano, Salassa. Graham and LJehter.
POPULAR PRICES. 53 and 50 cents.
Telephone. Bush I. • ¦ • ¦
. '¦ .
The New Company a Crackajack !
BENNETT andf STEMBLOR,
In a Sketch by GEORGE M. COHAN*.
MEEKER-BAKER TKIO.
HOOKER AND DAVIS.
JOLLY JOHN NASH.
Zelma Rawlston. St. Onge Brothers. Nichols
Sisters. Blograpb.
MR. AND MR8. JOHN MASON (Katherlne
Grey).
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, We: Opera
Chairs and Pox Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. .
RUPTURE CURED.
When we -say "rupture cured", we mean it.
for It Is a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. C7Call for "Book-
let No. 1," or send. S cents in stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
62O Market St.. San Francisco.
Or 1143 Broadway. New York City.
E3 kmBi k to f» ¦**¦& 'BB
S4 mmBO m H s^ Ml ™™- m
Gft-MK&nr im^'B St Wm ¦Hba^w'Bl
fTONG i=»O CHY.
Sucressor to Dr. I>AI PO TA1.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many y»ara tn
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected -by
h!s herbs : demonstrate their
potence and his skill.. The.**
.herbs cure over 400. alffertnt
diseases. Including Briirht's
Disease, -Diabetes. Consump-
tion.... Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain, Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. ; Blood, r Male
and -Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with I any . kind - of | malady I whatsoever I are 1 In-
vited to calk' Office, 7T7 Washington st. Ofa-e
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 m..-l to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks 'or
effecting & cure of asthma of several years'
standing. A. DARLEY, San Kafael.
Walter Moroseo Sole *Lesse« and Manager
A GREAT BIO. STRONG HIT!
TOUjOVT TIIE CROWDS TO SEE
THE MIDDLEMAN!
THE GREATEST SUCCESS FOR YEARS.
NEXT WEEK— A STAR CAST IN "TTULBT."
t Prices— 10c. 15c. 23c 60c.
A few front rows In orchestra. 73c
SATURDAT MATIXEE-lOc. I5c, 8c. 60c.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
STATEMENT
—OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OT THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on th« Slst day of December,
A. I>. 1339. and for the year ending: on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections (19 and til of the Political
Coilc. condensed as per blank furnished by th*
Commissioner :
CAPITAI*.
Amount of capital stock, paid 119 In
cash $300,000 M
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by th* company $3M,O 73
Amount of loans secured by pledra of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 04
Cash In company's office 5.(54 34
Cash In banks H.9S4 61
Interest due and accrued en all stock*
and loans .- 1.909 49
Premiums In due course of collection.. 32.331 11
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid U4 11
Total assets IGI&.743 SI
LIABILITIES.
Loss*** adjusted and unpaid ) 1283 S4
loesses In process of adjustment or ia
suspense 21.942 6t
Gross premiums on flre risks runntns
one year or less. $152,963 41; rein-
surance SO per cent 71153 71
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year. $123,537 91: re-
insurance pro rata 73.794 17
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 3,435 32
All ether demands against th* com-
pany 13.703 43
Total liabilities ...$t31.537 O
INCOME.
Net c«»h actually received for flre
' premiums $213. Wl IT
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other source* 23.171 11
Received from all other sources 1.09O GO
Total income $237,C«7 U
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses On-
cluillr.z $17.20u (A. losses of previous
years) 1133.581 «
Dividends to stockholders 13,000 f»
Paid or allowed' for commission or bro-
kerage - 4«.«« 44
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officer", clerks, etc M.I31 H
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 8.405 n
All other payments and expenditures. 34.790 tt
Total expenditures HW.KS 1J
I»»->s Incurred during the year, flre. .$138. 170 M
Risk* and Premiums. Flre RUks. I "Premium*
Net' amount of risks
written during the year $2«.940.r2 $273,104 04
Net amount of risks
eTplred during the
yeir tl.«S4.W7 233,833 74
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1S99 2fi.273.704 r*.5O3 3»
FRANCIS PEA BODY. President.
HENRY 8. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1*»-
GEORGE U. AMERIGE. Notary Public
BACCS aTsTOVEt,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
THIS. AFTERNOON
." ' And Again on Sunday Night,
¦ Fourth Series of the
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject— "GRAND CANTON."
-All This Week-MATINEB SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANT,
In the Romantic Comedy.
ME A R TSEA SE.
pr "V T D A —Owing to the great demand
LAlKA for B«»at» "HEARTSEASE"
will be continued for four additional perform-
anoes-Next MONDAY. TUESDAY and WED-
NESDAY Nights and WEDNESDAY Matinee.
Followlnsr three Nights and Saturday Matinee,
"THE ADVENTITHE OF THE LADY
URSUI*A."
VATirR —The seats for the regular Monday
RUllvC n ight subscribers will be reserved fnr
Thursday evening, the openlnK performance of
"The Adventure of the I^ady Ursula." All
those deslrlngr "aid reservations will please iy>-
ttfy box office before Wednesday.
'^ LAST TIMES OF "¦
DUNNE & RYLEY'S ALL-STAR CAST.
"TliENIQH/oFTflE FOURTH"
Ssnday Night— Special Farewell Ptrformuee,
"RUSH CITY."
Commencing SUNDAY AFTERNOON, the
BEAUTIFUL OPERATIC SPECTACLE.
THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND
On a Scale of Masnlflcence Never Before At-
tempted.
30 Original Specialties and the Wonderful New
Beautiful Transformation Scene-
Special Matinees > Next Week and Tuesday.
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
Avh eat r e*a V
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
ONLY MATINEE 6ATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whittles*?.
the COUNTRY GIRL!
NEXT WEEK— Charlotte Thompson'^
? Comedy Drama,
"A SUIT OF SABLE."
SEATS NOW. READY.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTEIINOON AND EVENINO.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABURY, in His Sensational High Dire
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS AND A LADIES' P1E-
EATINGjCONTESr.
SATURDAY NI6HT,_SAPH0 and CAKEWALK
..:•: Order Seats by, Phone Park M.
T?TCr'ill7R'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rloUnJCiIi. D Admission 10:. .
The ; Ogdens and -Bertha -Folt« In ; 'The Right
" Stocking" : Eudora Forde, Moll and Moul ton,
-New Movin; Picture*, etc. Matinee Sunday.
'^ Reserved ; Seats, 25c. '. ' ' - '
SUTRO BATHS
. OPEN NIGHTS. -
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m." - .
Batblcic From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m. ¦
i ADMISSION. 10c. : CHILDREN. 5c. .
Ba'hlnn. Including admission: I5c: Children. tOc.
ADVURTISEMENTS.
FOR MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN.
* ¦"!>
Two Letters fr«m Women Helped Through
the "Change of Ufo" by I.y<lla K.JPlnk.
ham's Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham :— When I first
wrote to you I was in a very bad con-
dition. I was passing through the
change of life, and the doctors saidT
had bladder and liver trouble. I had!
suffered for nine years. Doctors failed
to do me any good. Since I have taken
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, my health has improved very
much. . I will gladly recommend your
medicine to others and am sure that it
will prove as great a' blessing to them
as it has to me." — Mrs. Geo. H.'Jujje,
901 DeKalb Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Relief Came Promptly
" Dkak Mits. Pinkuam : — I had been
under treatment with the doctors for
four years, and seemed to get no better,
I thought I would try your medicine.
My trouble was change of life, and I
must say that I never had anything
help me so much as Lj'dia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. Relief
came almost immediately. I havo
better health now than I ever had. I
feel like a new woman, perfectly
strong. I give Lydia E. PinkhamV
Compound all the credit, and would
not do without her medicine for any-
thing. I have recommended it to
several of my friends. There is no
need of women suffering so much for
Mrs. Pinkhum's remedies are a sure
cure."^ — Mahala Littler, Bridge-
water, III.
Another Woman Helped
, •'. Deab Mrs. Piskham : — I took Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
during change of Jife and derived great
benefit from its use." — Mary E. James,
130 Coydon St.. Bradford, Pa." , ¦;::'•.
AUCTION
—OF THE
Etc.. Etc..
. ¦ . ¦
; NOW IN THE STORE. .
SW. Cor, Geary & Stockton Sts,
Will Continue
TO-DAY, Thursday,
*.nT;'2*.p,:M.;,
Bale absolutely without reserve or limit.'
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
MANHOOD RESTORED ;&™™«j£^
Nittllxer. the prescription ot a
m^. * ¦«i°«a French phy.lclan. will
attg&BmWt quickly cure you of all ner-
KS^n voui or diseases of the genera.
JHWiH tlve orjans. B uch as Lost Man-
If *ffl Back Nervous Debility. Plm-
££&£ .<JH plPB. Exhausting Drains. Varl-
VSWIV* t end Constlcatlon. -It
.¦ . • V> —^¦" stops all looses - by. dajr .or
; - 1 Cuplden* • cleanses : ; the
liver, tho kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. . Cupidene strengthens and ; restores
¦mull weak organs.- ' .'-^gaWMai'lfWiMrtwiiyiUJiB^.
- . The reason sufferersi «re not cared, by Doctors
Is berauss 90 per cent ar« troubled ,wlth; Pro*.
tatitls.'-" Cupldene ? the • only ; known ? remedy ; to
cure without = an i operation. ' 6000 • testimonials.
A • written -' miarantee ; Kiven - and :.¦ money ¦ 1 re-
turned If « , boxes I do ¦ not , •ffect • a I permanent
cur*. ' fLOO a box. « boxn • for 15.00. . by mall.
Bend for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis st.. Ban
Francisco. CaL. Grant Drug Co.. SS & 40 Third bu
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHT7SEMKNTS.
EBHaEBIHBHHBH»IHiaBB{fiBE3illBBaB8ilBBaBaSlBBB!9BB3q8iaHaBEaBaS3|SSiBB^a
Hffi3SHHSBHHB*BHHBHBHBKBBaaa£5*«HBHMyaH^^
|g BUBBOBBS^^ |s
|l || I wDBf follows !i3g^fc£$3K||| If
1 1 IIFmsenberg's piii^^l II
SS IU For To-Day and Morrow Are More Than Right! '»{ \\\W g|j S|
"" ig A LIVELY TIME IN OUR GLOVE DEP'T. WE MARK THEM LOW-LOW ENOUGH |g 3«
gg BB We quote One Hem, and It Is a Good One. TO CREATE A SENSATION. gg £¦
q™ Bt3 dkc> 6 °° pa5rS oi the worId " renowned $*% 85 Ladies' Waists, made ot BB §*
HE i£?3 n$r^ Lad y nor Gloves. In fit and «*|7 all-silk ?oft finish Taffeta. The „« gfl
Sf§ HH MfV finish there is none -better. It is kind that will wear. Made in the BB gy
iaa E§' \r^(\V made ° f thC bCSt iin P° rted kid - ail J^^lJItVM new Pastel shades. Tucked g^ g£3
|i9 g| IM ol ors; all sizes. The new Eddy back and front. New sleeve, Qfl gg
S3 Ba t^".^ stitched back, two-clasp fasteners. flVV( i|JA flare cuff; .lined throughout. JJJ -pM
Hn \~-tT For to-day and to-morrow., ... .98c (AJ^jJ^) The waist corfiplete for what the ca EB g
Ha gg A LUCKY PURCHASE OF OURS, AND * iIk * l °™ wouId CO5t >-° u - gS ag
gg »' IT WILL BE ONE FOR YOU. «»§8JP ..$2.98 gg g»
gg E^ 9OO Feather Boas, made of the best genuine |vj UlJR CORSET DEPARTMENT. gg g§
m gg /African ostrich feather., guaranteed French dye, y y e Don , t | f jf| e Whef) We Cut PflCeS. B& gg
|| || and the kind that wont uncurl. They are 45 Summer Q gg gg
Eg ffaa inches long and very fuil. Come in. black or . • c ¦" B S
"H ran „. . ,, . , t f.o^ imported white netting; side steel; rust-proot B& S"
Effl vm gray. We challenge vou to buy them for $18.00. * . T ' . HS S 0
S« KM i . 1 j « c?io ezr\ front finished in lace tops. \ ou never H 5 Hn
11 ™E Our price for to-day and to-morrow .$12.50 heard of cor , et3 bcins sold so c , ie ap as we sell gg g^
S^ BS TALE OF REDUCED PRICES Ii\ OUR them. For to-day and to-morrow 9c 91 §g
11 U so J^l^Sl .bbon. BUY YOUR HOSIERY HERE. BB BB
™»3 ran _ 1 1 1 •. Mr- ui v -~ \\n , nd be assured that the price you pay is a quar- rag n t]
$8& 2E Co ors cream and white. Width A o 40. Wnen F \ C ¦ ran 5«
kS BEa , ... , , , ., ter to a third es-? than what you have been paying. sB US
Sg EU vou see them you will acknowledge they are iV * wv . J • K f ft BB an
I3ia nSS j l, t 1 it- a 9O dozen Children s Fast Black Stockings, S 2*
|| gg worth doube the price «k- 15C . of be: , {ast black E^ ptian |g gg
ia gg DO YOU USE THE NEW HOSE SUP- Double heel, toes and knees. They are the kind gg g«
|g (bE9 PORTERS AND GARTERS? that wear. We bought them at a special price IS H§
Og| \*^ j^ It is easy to put on and easy and pass them over to you at 122C a P air S5 5 H
™ B RQ vo to take ofT. They have done away r . , . ., D o ... , gfl bS
gg gg & with the safetypL; they do not Every Lady Likes to Be Beautiful, gg gg
I" EB (M\ buckle around the waist. These Rosenberg's Ve.l.ng Makes You Beauti.ul. gg ««
|| /BH ffYS?Vff supporters are hooked on the lower f^>, 800 yards of beautificrs or BSf B^
i Bli EH H yjylj P art of the corset and wiI1 not be " veilings, made of chiffon, Tux- 2a\
I em \BH fiiyrflk, come unfastened in any position j^Sf^^M edo , nct and other fancy Ba ( E§
! E ffi (ma l^MjJJo the wearer may assume. They im- /^S^^l\ niesfies; some are chenille and §§( |g
\fm )g[| Ug&J^ttZ provc the form a5 they hold th .. /^Sv^^h velvet dot. They arc made in 1 iaj ||
B ® \UB abdomen down. They come in '-j^ /V \JW black and all colors. To make ¦¦? Bg
I H 58 RD pink, blue and black. Why not be comfortable our veiling department more popular we will of- bj|(^s a
i »g (S« and wear safety hose supporters for Hf iC fer them for to-day and to-morrow 25 C jgW? K«
is SB 10C pn^PMRPRfi 816 Market Street BS gg
|g (Sg 1 **UOe»IiUL.IiU5 Runnlne Through to 11 O'Farreli Street. g^> S3g
SS )5KBSHDHHaBaHBnai3aE^aEnnaHCBBaaaaHHaHaHaisaaESEnaaaaaBaHHaasnaB ««
£S auDBBBCQSEHBBUBDSaBSQEDBBBBSiBSSID&^^aBSiaQBflaB&a^BJSZaBISQaaasa hO
ga ' — ; — ! ' mail onBcrta pno#tPTtr filled. E^
HKHrsriaiiBEBSEEa
HBBiHBHffEHBsSnEScsKBCBHaBBBIBHaHBBaBBaHaGermany, Austria. Sweden. Norway and
Italy are now training dog's for use In
wan
SARATOGA. N. Y. f Aug. 8.— Rain fell
at frequent intervals to-day and the track
was heavy. Results:
Six furlongs-^Rlng Leader won, Domo second,
Bastlle third. Time, 1:17%.
Five furlongs— Splash won. Lady of tho Val
ley second, Harry McCoy third. Time, l:03>4.
One and three-sixteenth miles — Queen of
Song won, Maximo Gomez second, Compensa
tion third. Time. 2:04%.
One mile — Waring won, Radford • second.
Water Cure third. Time, 1:43%.
Short course steeplechase, about two miles—
Trillion won. Cousin Jess second, Baby Bill
third. Time. 4:19%.
DETROIT, Aug. 8.— Results at "Windsor:
Five furlongs— Quibo won. Pine Chip second.
Dr. Grace third. Time, 1:03%.
One mile — Waterwick won. Miss Hudson »ec
ond. Rondo third. Time. 1:43%. •
Five furlongs— Queen Victoria won; Horsa
second. Willard-J third. .Time. 1:03%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Prince Zeno won,
King Elkwood second. Fantasy third. Time,
1:48%.
Five furlongs— Innovator won, Expelled sec
ond. Triune third. Time, 1:02.
Seven furlongs — Northumberland won. Flop
second, Acushla third. Time, 1:29.
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 8.— Results at
Highland Park:
Six furlongs— George I>bar won. Mattock
second, Salvado third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Bard of Avon won. Gray
Dally second. Compass third. Time, 1:01%. j
Five furlongs — Torturas won. Intent second.
Crinkle third. Time, l:04U.
Six furlongs— Momentum won, Nlmrod sec
ond. Miss Alfarow third. Time, 1:21%.
One mile— Lady of the West won, Hungarian
second. Baffled third. Time, 1:42.
One and an eighth miles, over five hurdles —
Free Advice won. Mtss Soak second, Gengis
Kahn third. Time. 2:04%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 8.— Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Iris won. Digrsa second.
Ruby Rlley third. Time. 1:16.
Five and a half furlongs— WJld Pirate, won,
Obia second. Wall third. Time, .1:08%.
One and three-sixteenth miles, selling—
Brldgeton won. Orris second. Ransom third.
Time, 2:02.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Malay
¦uon. Laureate second, Haviland third. Time,
1-47%.
First autumn special, one and a sixteenth
miles— Pinochle won, Ohnet second, Gotobed
third. Time. 1:43. ,
' Handicap, six furlongs — Applejack won.
Grantor eecord, HI Kollar third. Time, 1:14.
Six furlongs, selling — Necklace won. John
McElroy second, Ostra third.. Time, 1:15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— Results at Harlem:
Four and a half furlongs— Natural Gas won,
Relna de Cecelia second, Tootsle third. Time,
:55.
Six furlongs— Rosa Dlah won, Emma D sec
ond. Mlnyon third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Steeplechase, short course— Glob© n won.
Passe Partout second. Viking third. Time, 3:34.
One mile — The Unknown won. Mitten second,
Deponan third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
One mile and twenty yards— Hansford won,
Little Land second, Leando third. Time,
1:43 2-5.
On© and an eighth miles— Ron Chance won,
Macy second. Barton third. Time, 1:55 4-5.
meeting of the Brighton Beach Racing
Association came to an end to-day. One
favorite, and he at prohibitive odds, and
five second choices were first to the wire.
The Jamaica stakes was the only fixture
and two faced the starter— Voter, at 1 to
10, and Firearm, at 9 to 1. It was only an
exercise gallop for the former. He led all
• Ti 15 ' and won P ulled up by ten lengths
in 1:25 4-5, a new track record and close
to the world's record. Results:
One mile— Smoke won. Flaunt second, Blggun
third. Time 1:40 2-5.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles —
Marechan won. Governor Budd second. Count
Navarro third. Time, 5:12.
Selling, six furlongs— Operator won, Rich
ampton second. Balloon third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
The Jamaica stakes, seven furlongB— Voter
won. Firearm second. Time, 1:25 4-5. -
Six furlongrs— Haiiobas won. Musette second,
Belle of Lexington third. Time, 1:14.
Selllnc. one and a sixteenth miles— Alsike
won, Golden Sceptre second. Lrococheo third.
Time, 1:47.
•NEW YORK, Aug. 8.-Th e midsummer
Bain Falling at Frequent Intervals
at Saratoga Hakes the Track
Heavy and Spoils the
Bay's Sport.
Captures the Jamaica Stakes
Without Extending
Himself
VOTER LOWERS
TRACK RECORD AT
BRIGHTON BEACH
Leading Sports on Today
W N ; important meeUng of tho Harbor
L\ Commlsslbnftrs • was held yesterday.
/T~V The lease of :.VChina Basin" to the
. Valley, road was under discussion,
and among : those - present were Acting:
Governor Neff, ' Acting Mayor Tobin, At
torney -General Tirey Li. Ford, E. S. Pills
bury, attorney; for the Valley road; A. H.
Payson, vice pVesident of the Valley road,
and Harbor, Commissioners Kilburn, Har
noy and Herold.
The principal speaker, during the con
ference was E.S., Pillsbury. He told how
in 1895 a portion * of "China Basin" was
rented to the Valley road for $1000 a year.
Since that time many improvements have
been made and the State has been receiv
ing a big rental for property that never
brought in a cent before. '
Since the lease was given the Valley
road has been acquired by the Santa Fe.
but the status of things has not been
changed, as the original articles of Incor
poration require the Valley road to re
main a separate body. ¦
"Under the terms of th« lease of China
Basin to the Valley road certain improve
ments had, to --be made." said Mr. Pills
bury, "and to put the basin in shape ac
cording to these rules would cost a mil
lion dollars. We -would have to build a
retaining wall, whereas we can build a
section of the seawall which will do us
just as well and save the Harbor Com
mission an expenditure of $250,000 at no
very distant date. ,
"The question therefore arises, would it
VALLEY ROAD AND THE
LEASE OF CHINA BASIN
Changes iri- Existing AGonditiQns Dis
cusseid at Meeting of Harbor
; Gommissioners. v
not be better for us to gfive up our old
leas© and secure a new. one giving, the
Valley road permission to build , a portion
of the- permanent* seawall? The 'portion
we would build would be 2388 feet long by
200 feet deep, and this would reve%to the
State just as soon as the connections now
In contemplation by the Harbor Commis
sioners are made. . : , ¦ .
: "Some months ago I drew up a form of
a new lease and it has been amended from
time to time since. Three weeks ago Mr.
Payson and I showed it to Mayor Phelan
•ana. he was satisfied. .Two weeks ago I
showed it to Governor Gage and he was
satisfied. The lease Is to run for- fifty
years, the same as the original one, and
at the same rent. We want terminaUfa
cilities, and although we have spent three
millions in California we have not even a
foothold as compared with the' Southern
Pacific."
In answer to a question put by Presi
dent Kilfeurn Attorney General Ford said
the board had power to change the lease.
He wanted a penalty attached to the bond,
however. Along with some other clauses
he wanted *his inserted: "And thereupon
and thereby this lease at once ter
minate and be of no further effect for any
purpose." \ - . ¦ \ ¦""/<¦' ¦ -:
Pillsbury objected to the Insertion of any.
such clause and said the law provided I
penalty. Then Ford explained that it was
only a matter of extra precaution. ¦ Act
ing Governor Neff asked to see the lease,
saying h© regretted that Governor Gage
was not present. Finally, it was decided
to allow the matter to go over to Wednes
day next in order to allow the Acting
Governor's attorney to pass on the matter.
-;.. - ' - ¦ ¦ - ' ; ._ . ¦.-•.¦ •-¦/-' I Ut>. .--_.. .
THE SAJ* FRANGISQO CAUL., TEHLTRSD A Y, AU <^ U «T V, 1900^
Much comparison has ben made between the
endurance of the Chinese and the. American
working man. Those with authority to sp^ak
say that the averajre working man of America
Is as euDerior to the Chinese as Ilostetter's
Stomach Hitters Is to any other, dyspepsia cure.
The Bitters doe* not claim to cure everything,
but It does cure constipation, indigestion, dys
pepsia. ; biliousness, liver and kidney, troubles.
The American Working Man.
Two championship contests Friday
night . Pools on these contests , will V be
sold at Ocean View. San Mateo electric
cars direct to door. Men l enter ring 6 r45
p. m. Gocal - time). Bpecial * wire ? direct
from ringside* Room open Thursday and
Friday all day. ABRAMS & BROTBR. •
RUHLIN VS; FITCSIMMONS
CONNELLr^S; FERNS
Earle Kincaid; a : llthoerapher 20 ; years
old and residing: .with his ; parents at ' 137
Lundy lane, died Buddenly during the
night, and his dead body . was found by
his mother when she went into his room
yesterdav morning for the purpose of call
ing him to breakfast. .Young Kincaid was
BUbJect to epilepsy, and It is believed that
he died in a flt. He worked for Brltton &
Key. „'
Sudden Death of Earl© Kincaid.
v OAKLAND, Aug. 8. — As a result of the
failure of the County Bank of San Luis
Obispo the Beebee estate and Mrs. Arietta
S. Beebee have been sued for $1178 79.
William L. Beebee and Arietta S. Beebee
held ¦ fifty-six and seventy-two shares | re
spectively in the San Luis Obispo s insti
tution. Shortly before its " failure .the
Goldtree Brothers Company, which Is the
plaintiff in the present action, ; made a
term deposit of. $15,000 'for, six ; months.
They also had a running account showing
{134 07 in their, favor. ,
Of these sums they have [ been able to
recover only 8 per. : cent : ; from the bank,
and have now commenced . suing stock
holders. '\WBSBMKBttHBSBBBtBBBKP,
STOCKHLDERS SUED
FORA BANK'S DEBTS
BOSTON, Aug. 8.— America has a lead
of two matches In the first' contest for the
Davis International tennis atrophy. Whit
man and Davis both winning over the
English team this afternoon at Longwood.
Summary: D.' P. Davis (America) beat E.
D. Black (England), 4— «. &— 2, 6— i. 6— 4.
M. .r>. Whitman (America) beat A. W.
Gore (England), 6—1, S— 3, 6— 2.
Americans Lead.
PITTSBTJRG TOO ST&ONG.
Boston Fails to Score Until the Ninth
Inning.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 53 31 .630 Boston 42 A* AW
Plttsburg ...47 39 .C46 ! St. Louis 88 45 .458
Philadelphia 48 39 .643, Cincinnati ...39 48 .448
Chicago 4S 43 .500!New York... .32 49 .3S3
PITTSBTJRG, Aue. 8. — Boston could do noth
ing with Phlllppl. but grot two runs in the ninth
on two errors and a single. Ely made several
of his. sensational plays. The other feature was
three etrike-outs in succession for Beaumont.
Attendance. 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 6 9 3
Boston BBS
Batteries— Phlllppl and O'Connor; Willis and
W. Clarke. Umpire — O'Day.
CHICAGO. Aug. 8.— Orth started In badly to
day, but recovered his form and was invincible
after the third -Inning. Attendance, 1200.
Score:
dubs- R. H. E.
Chicago ~ 3 10 1
Philadelphia 10 10 . 1
Batteries— Garvin and Chance; Orth and Mur
phy. Umpire— Hurst. ' *' ;<". : -
American X»eague Games.
MINNEAPOLIS. Aus. 8.— Minneapolis, 3; Mil
waukee. 2.
KANSAS CITY, Ail*. 8.— Kansas City, 4;
Chicago, 6.
INOIAN'APOLIS. Aug. 8.— Indianapolis, 11;
Buffalo, 2.
DETROIT, Aug. 8.— Detroit, S; Cleveland, 9.
•
Tennis Tournament,
NEWTORK. Aug. 8.— In the Long Isl
and lawn tennis championship tourna
ment at Southampton to-day the second
rounds in the gentlemen's singles for the
semi-flnals were won by ~W. A. Lamed
over James D. Pell of Columbia, $-0, 6— 1,
and George Wrenn Jr. defeated W. J.
Clothier, &— 2. 6— 0. In the preliminary
round of the consolation singles Frederick;
B. Alexander defeated Grenvllle Clark.
6—1. 6— 4, and' John A. Allen defeated
George Kobbe Jr., 6— 3, fr— 3. In Jhe flrst
round of the consolation singles Samuel
Hardy won from George Clark Jr., 6 — 2,
6—4: Raymond D. Little defeated Stewart
Walter, 6—1, 6— 2, and C.J.. Watson Jr.
was given the game with R. P. Hunting
ton by default.
Running, purse $100. three quarters of a mile
— Loconomo won, McFarland second, Skir
mish third. Limber Jim. Sea Spray and Gun
dra oUo ran. Time, 1:14. .
Running, purse $100, five-eighths mile — Clar
ando won. Fine Shot second. Roulette Wheel
third. Duranso, Whitcomb and Sister Emma
also ran. Time, 1:01%.
Time— 2:12i4, 2:134. 2:13%. 2:12*i.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 8.— The attendance
was not as rood as yesterday at the
races. In the great 2:11 pace Myrtha
"Whips was favorite In the first heat,
which she won in 2:13 1-4, Floracita sec
ond, Wllhelmlna third and Mollie Xourse
fourth. Floracita won the next heat In
2:131-2, Whips second, Mollie Nourse
third and "Wilhelmina fourth. Floracita
was made a strong favorite, selling for
$10, and the field sold from $5 down to $3.
Floracita won the third heat in 2:13*4, and
there were no takers of the short end in
the pool box at $3 against $10 on the fa
vorite. Floracita took the next heat and
race. This is the fastest pacing race yet
made in California this year, and Red
Biuff carj be proud of her fast track.
Summaries:
2:11 pace, mile heats, purse $1000, three in
flve:
Floracita 2 111
Myrtha Whips 1 2 2 2
Wllbelmlna 3 4 4 3
Mollie Xourse ". ....* » 3 4
Mad© in the State This Year.
Floraclta's Pacing Record the Best
The other events to-day resulted:
2:17 class, trotting, purse $500— Red Heart won
the first, eecond and fourth heats In 2:14V4.
2:13\. S:15H. Dan Wilkes won the third heat
In 2 :!$*». Liege and Brallte also started.
2:15 class, pacing, purse $M0— Black Heart
won the third, fourth and fifth heats In 2:1214,
2:12^4, 2:12%. Jim Ramey won the second heat
in 2:1114. Seneca See won the flrst heat In
2:UH- Carmellta, Tattler Burns. Fay High
wood, Mies Bvelyn and Tombstone also started.
2:14 class, trotting, purse $1000— Cornelia won
second, third and fourth heats in 2:12*4. 2:13%,
2:13?;. Aggie Medium won the flrst heat in
2:12 I 4. Alvorado. Alken. Ansella. Humboldt
Maid. Gunsaulus, Aragron K. Black Robert and
Hoppererass also started.
m ,
GOOD SPOILT AT BED BLTJFT.
JOLIET, 111.. Aug. 8.— Over a track that
was from one to three seconds slow Tom
my Brltton, the $20,000 trotting stallion,
to-day went against his own record, 2:03,
and came under the wire In 2:07^4. The
time by quarters was 30i-i, 1:02, 1:3314.
2:07Vi- Alpha W in the 2:12 pace finished
in 2:08. beating hi8 previous time by three
quarters of a second.
The unfinished 2:12 pace, left over from
yesterday, was won by Alpha "W, who
took the remaining- heat and the race.
Parsonetta. Flowing Tide. Fremont, Lady
Pipes, Major Marshall. Balmy L and Mc-
Wilton finished in the order named.
fourth and fifth heats in 2:10, 2:10, 2:14. Fro*
Bond won first heat in 2:14. Indiana won sec
ond heat In 2:OCV4. Eyelet also started.
2:28 class trotting:, purse $120ft-James Shevlin
won third, fourth and fifth beats in 2:1SV4.
2:is«i, 2:20*4. Emma "Winter woo flrst and sec
ond heats in 2:2Ui and 2:17ft. . AA .
2:09 class pacing. Iroquola Hotel stakes, $1000
—Hetty G won in straight heats in 8:06»4,
2:05«i, 2:07%. Connor. Harry O, Rilsy B, Clif
ton B and Sidney Pointer also started.
Three-year-old pacers, foals of 1897— BJorje
Review subscription, purse $1000-Onoto won in
three stralKht heats. Time, 2:20Vi. 3:16%. * : W-
Baroness Evelyn also started.
INDEPENDENCE, la., Auff. 8.— Results
of harness races:
2:19 pace, purse $1000— Dunton Oh Bo won first,
second and sixth heats. Time, 2:0S. 2:09J*.
2:1«H- Reno M won third beat. Time. 2:10>4.
Oak Grove won fourth and fifth beats. Time.
2:11, 2:13. Country Girl. Lou Vaughn. Kassel,
Vesper. Tommy Wilton. Lady Goldfield, Jsoble
Lee and Louise Mlddleton also started.
2:24 trot, purse $500— Marie Cameron won in
etralght heals. Sph>-nx LrssI* second. Red CaX
fery third. Charity Ball fourth. Time. 2:24,
2:19H. 2:2*. .
2:15 pace, purse $500— Barltude won second,
third and fourth heats. Time. J:10Vi. 2:12V4.
2:13'.i. Admiral Dewey won first heat In 2:12H.
Duchess third, Celestie fourth. Rush McKlnley
and Dr. Pettit also started.
BETS DEOLAJLED OFF.
BUFFALO, Aug. 8.— The judges located
what they believed a Job to allow Ace to
win, after manipulating tho pools in the
2-06 paoe at Fort Erie to-day, and the re-
Bulting incidents f urnlsbed tne ' sensation
of«tho third day of grand circuit sport.
The judges declared off all betting on the
first and third heata and fined Driver Mil
ler ZILO. and Klnney. lienney, McBwaa
and McCarthy 250 each. Summaries:
' 2:06 dasi pactof, parse fI6»-Ace wan third.
Judges Suspected a Trick at Fort
Brie.
Ciarnplon and Open Events for
Saturday and Sunday at San
Hateo Park.
Tb« Ingleeide Coursing Association will
'Tun two Btak.es on Saturday and Sunday
at San Mateo Coursing Park— a champion
stake of eight entries and an open stake
of eighty-eight entries. The draws for
Jjoth stakes are:
Champion stake, eight entries— P. J. Retlly's
The Gnsiter v«. Lowe & Thompson's Flora Mc-
Donald; P. J. Rellly'* Royal Union v». Curtis
&. Son's I>uxor; Caj>taln Kane's Greenhail vs.
J. K. Smith's Kylvanue; J. P. Thritt's Brutus
vs. E. M. KeUoce's Sweet Emma-
Open stake, eighty-elpht entries— W. C Glas
.ton'e Santonin vs. T. II. Heintz's High Jinks;
J. A, Byrne's Battleship vs. F. Jones' Lavlnan;
Zrwln & Lvong* Silver Lion vs. A. L>. Austin's
Los Anseles; J. H. Perigo'e Bone vs. A. L.
Austin's Firm Foe; Aeneld Kennels' Aeneaj vs.
Curtis & Son's Narcissus; B. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy vs. Captain Kane's Miss Penman; D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl vs. Captain Kane's
Master Davenport; D. "Winders' Risky Attempt
vs. L. F. Barters Best Bargain; J. Potter's
Palm Flower vs. Captain Kane's Wandering
Tots; Irwin & Lyons' Ellrer Wlnrs va. D.
Shannon's Safeguard: L. F. Barter • Beer
Brewer vs. J. H. Peril's La«3y Davenport;
Lowo & Thompson'e Little Fullerton vb. Curtis
& Sons' Maud S; C. M. Kf-lkrp's Iowa Boy
%-s. R- E. <le B. Lopez & Son's Whitehead; J.
Maher'a Swedish vb. J. Martinet's Slim; Aeneid
iver.nels' Aeamemnon vs. Sterle Jk Knowles'
Bleety Mist; H. A. Deckelmonn's Snapshot vs.
Land & Gerber's Mount Ida; B. W. Bartel's
2'ac's Melody %•«. T. J. Mclnemey's Johnnie R.;
W. D. Mumhy't Crawford Lass vb. J. P.
Thrift's Korget; George Whitney's Ttaeron vs.
J. Kennedy's Ever Shore; H. A, Deckelmann's
Rocker vs. W. Cairn's Imperial; P. Jackson's
Golden Russet vs. J. H. Perico's Controller; J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen vs. A. Johnson's Bald
Cattle; V. Schou'e Smuggler vs. Georgre Parkin
6on's Bea Lomond; P. J. Relliy's Plouehboy
vs. R- E. de B. Lopez & Son's Diablo; J. R.
Smith's Jennie Wilson vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Scotch Reels; C. B. Charlesworth'B Crawford
Braes vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady Em
nut; Connell Bros.* St. Helen vs. J. : Holden's
Hcottlsh Chief; J. A- Horn's Bona Fide vs. E.
Geary's America; H. A. Deckelman'B Ka
naka vb. R. E. de B. Lopes & Son'* Crawford
Lad; Ruu«ell Allen & Wilson's Maglo vs.
O'Shea Bros. Golden Rule; T. Tierney's Tea
P^ose vs. A. Johnson's Lowlanfler; Georgre Xetn
ercott't Flood Gate vs. Etcrle & Knowles' Oll
ta; D. Byrne's Mollie Hopan va. O'Ehea Bros.'
Younir America: T. J. llclnerney*s Rerina R
v». H. A. DeckeltnRnn'i Ben KJrby: J. Ed
monds' Morning Glory vb. E.' M. Kellogi?'8
Iowa Maid; Walsh & He»>nan's Sacramento Boy
\t>. J. P. Thrift'* St. Michael: P. M. Clarkwjn's
Headwater vs. Kelly & Handley*s Baby Klnif
A. John»on'i! Tod Sloan vs. Russell. Allen &
"Wilson's Belle Claire; Sterl & Knowles* For
Glory vs. J. I*. Ross' J. U R.; T. J. Mcln
emey's Nora vs. Curtis & Sons' Old Glory; E
FYJlon'n lyily of the West vs. Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Mlr
ne-wawa vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hat-
Huseeli, Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy vs.. sterl
& ICnowies" O'Hara; Curtis & Song' iTcKIn*
Jey vs. IL Lynch'n Lciclntrton. •:•'-
STAKES THAT WILL BRING
OUT THE FLEETEST DOGS
stake at Ssfn Mateo Coursing Park yester
day afternoon. Pepita was the runner up.
All through the stake the work of Craw
ford Braes iras such as* to make her a
pronounced tavorlte. She had quite the
advar.ta.ge over Pepita in the deciding
course, inasmuch as the race before that
¦with Modesty ¦was very short and easy
tor the Etake winner. In the fifth round
Pepita was not bo lucky, meeting Cas
cade, a hard coursing: resulting. Craw
ford Braes was too strong -for Pepita.
taking the lead and first turns before
Pepita was really in the course.
Although a number of Ehortenders won
out. the day belonged chiefly to the favor
ites. In the first round Thunderbolt won
from Red Hind, a 5 to 4 favorite; Lavlnan
from Emma M at the same odds; Iowa
Boy from Little- Sister, a 2-1 favorite;
Romo Ke!p from Counterfeit, with the
price 2-5; Betsy Barrow from Lowlander,
£-7, and Julius Caesar from Hummer, 3-5.
In the second round Thunderbolt beat
Nora L<awrence» Scottish Chief Hadlwist,
Lavinan Beauty Spot, all winners being
1-2 shortenders.
The coursing in full was as follows:
First round— W. Stack's Thunderbolt beat J.
Carroll's lied Hind, 6-0: A. L. Austin's Xora
lAwrenct beat H. H. Gray's Commander, 4-0;
J. Holden's Scottish Chler beat Kelly & Han
ley'6 Baby King. 5-0; A. llaseey's Hadlwtst
beat n. M. KellogK's Lady Oilmore, 8-4; R.
L. Taylor'B Beauty Spot beat J. Dureen'« Hard
Lines, *-2; K. Jones' Lavinan beat J. Maher*B
Emu M. 4-0; F. ScSiou's Smuggler beat J.
Mahoney's Nellie G, 6-0; C. B. Charlesworth'B
Crawford Braes beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tra
lee. C-O; 13. Silver's lie- Annex, beat E. Cas
serley*6 Silence. 12-1: D. O'Connell's Satan beat
J. LlnneSian'e liaclne. 5-1; C SI. Kellogg*e
Iowa Boy beat F. MeComb's Little Sister.
16-6; T. Cooney'a Modesty beat S. Mahoney'e
Chief cf the HilL 7-1; P. Jackson's Golden
Ruff»t beat J. L. Itoss* Wautaugh, 4-0; F.
A. JlcComb'i Motto beat J. \%'. %Vilson's Cliff
\VJJson aft«>r an undecided; B. F. Jackson'B
llomo Ke!j> beat N. liege's Counterfeit, 6-5;
iiussell, Allen & \\";ison's Lady Emma beat
James« Pean'B Gallant. 6-0; Laxide & Gerber's
Mount Ida beat H. Lj-nch'a Lyddite. 9-7; N.
P. AVhiting's St. Anthony beat Jeff Martenet's
Buxton. 11-7; V. O. Olasson's Sleigh Bells beat
11. H. Gray's Eannockburn, 16-7; W. D. Mur
phy'e Crawford Lass ran a bye with Lady
«Ji!:aore, Lady Garnet being \rtthdrawn; Ma
her & Reid's Uncle Fuller beat V. Cairn's
iKirwrial. li-i<; J. II. Perlgo's Pennpgrant beat
A- L. Auytfn'B Thomdale. 8-4: T. V.'. Barter*
lie-Lgy Barrow beat A. Johnson's Lowlander.
7-4 ; i». C. O'Dowd's Cascade beat T. J. Cronin's
Dairy L»ale. 4-3; P. McCabe's Sky Blue beat
li. F. Jackson's Krag-Jorgenseu, T-l; J. lla
lipr's Sw-p<ii!--h beat Farley Br*.s. J Morse Patrol,
t-4; Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel beat G.
"VV. Keintz's Coquet, 5-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Diablo beat T. Cooney's Sweet Favonlale, 7-3;
J. Carroirs Erin'*- Hope beat J. Kennedy'b
Wine West. &-3; K. E. de B. Lopez's Pepita
¦beat^liUFselU Allen & "Wilson's Miss Wilson.
5-1; Kufc-y-il, Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar
beat E. M. Keiloggr's Hummer, 5-0; G. Aber
crorr.tle'e Rock Ielaad King beat A- Frank's
X«oiterer, 14-0.
(Second round — Nora Lawrence beat Thunder
bolt, 12-10; Scottish Chief beat Hadiwist. 3-1;
Lavir.an beat Beauty Spot, 7-3; Crawford Braes
beat Smuggler, 14-S; Re-Anne* -beat Satan,
16-1: Modetty beat Iowa Boy, 5-0; Motto beat
Golden Russet. 3-1; Lady Emina beat Romo
Kelp. 6-2; Mount Ida beat St. Anthony, 8-1;
KlelBh Bells beat Crawford Lass, 4-0; Penne
grant beat Uncle Fuller, 6-3; Cascade beat
Betcy Barrow, 6-4; Swedish beat Sky Blue, 6-3;
Diablo beat Scotch Reel. &-S; Pepita beat
Erin's Hope, 5-2; Julius Caesar beat Rock Isl
and Boy. 6-i.
Third round— Scottish Chief beat Nora Law
rence. 12-6; Crawford Braes beat Lavlnan, 12-0;
Modesty beat Re-Annex. 4-2; Lady Emma
beat Motto, 3-2; Mount Ida beat Slelph Bells.
fc-1: Cascade beat PenneRrant. 3-2; Swedish
beat Diablo, 4-0; Pepita beat Julius Caesar, 9-6.
Fourth round — Crawford Braes beat Scottish
Chief. 12-1; Modesty beat Lady Emma, 4-0;
Cascade beat Mount Ida, 4-3; Pepita beat
Bwedlsh. 3-0.
Fifth round— Crawford Braes beat Modesty,
4-O; Pep!ta beat Cascade, 7-L
Final— Crawford Braes beat Pepita.
Tew Xrfmg Shots for the Pikers in
Beginning, but All Came to
Favorites In Later
CoT2JT8£S
Crawf crd Braes, run by C. ft. Charls
•worth, captured the midweek reserve
Deciding Course at San
Mateo Was a Defeat
for Pepita.
MIDWEEK STAKE
FALLS TO FLEET
CRAWFORD BRAES
8
In order to (rive every-
3ertpfiss&T^5 body who is suffering an
BMiStfJtVM&S} opportunity to have their
1 NKSSffurVJiigfM case diagnosed by the
• IJPPr^JJri^U X-RAY, we will lor the
/ W : &*Z*±ijf£&&4 ensuing -week make exam-
-Ats^f"r'<C"it''Tfe'i ination for half our usual
• |\l !?6^pi0 rate -° r ? 2 '5o.
.• "B^!^g2! L By the X-RAY we locate
I «^* i*J «3fej' •? the trouble through any
V T»tfn*Si?sS^^: f portion of the body, Kee-
s f«!yiBir«BS "\- Ing the same and making
Oqy V^3r JZ. ¦ photographs at the - pa-
m iinji"""* tlent's request.
* ' . \* Diseases of MEN,
WOMEN and CHILDREN. CANCER and
CONSUMPTION, diseases of the BLOOD, KID-
NEY. 8KIN, HEART, LIVER and BONES,
RHEUMATISM, PARALYSIS, PILES, etc.
The X-RAY cures when everything el3e falls.
Professional advice free. .,¦".'>
THE GERMAN PHTSICLANS (late from Eu-
rope), 1019 Market Street. San Francisco.
Hours— 9 to 6 P. m. Evenings, 7 to » p. ,m.
Sundays, 11 a. m.' tol p.m.
X-RAY EXAMINATIONS.
Pt^lii**^ ¦ <2 1 Kearny street, S. F., for
VjiP*^ Fishing Tackle and Bportlng
*^ Goods. I The largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send 3
cents in i>ostage stamps for the . latest 90-page
illustrated catalogue. No. . 4. . , •
LADD'S GUN STORE,
STATEMENT
. —OF ; THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE-
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, I pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections ,610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds, owned by Company........ 1,022.340 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 25,000 00
Cash in Company's Office............ 3,77127
Cash In Banks 116.58102
Interest due and. accrued . on all
Stocks and Loans . 8.456 68
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .....:... I. 246,682 42
Due from . other Companies for Re-
; Insurance on losses already paid... 9,419 35
Total Assets .........$1,451,834 04
- -J .; LIABILITIES. '
Losses ; adjusted and unpaid.......... $35.425 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 65,648 9S
Losses resisted, including expenses.. «,«10 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $720,454 34;
reinsurance 60 per cent ; 860,227 17
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $318,-
294 05; reinsurance pro rata......... 188,995 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany... 63.088 01
¦ "¦.¦¦'"/. I ¦-, - '- ; '¦ ¦
Total Liabilities $719,993 83
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ............................. $794,166 85
Received ; for : interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ............................ ' '725 00
Received for ¦ Interest and dividends '
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans,* and from
all other sources S6.36S 30
Total Income ..........:............. $831,260 75
EXPENDITURES. '-¦ .. ¦ -
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $42,335 93, losses of previous
years) ................................. $488,140 16
Paid or allowed for Commission - or • . »
Brokerage 154.760 54
Paid . for ¦ Salaries, Fees, ana other .
. charges for officers, • clerks, etc... 58,374 83
Paid for State, National,' and Local
1 taxes ....r.: 23.743 78
All other payments and expenditures 63,500 56
Total Expenditures i. '..... $776,519 S7
~~~Fire.
LOSSES incurred during the* year.. .. $519,677 *3
Risks and | Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ;'. \';
written, during* the ' • ' • j
year ................. $165,463,094 $1,200.835 17
Net amount of Risks .
:. expired during . the
year;................. 125,5S0,60« 842,956 12
Net amount in force
; ' December 31. i 1899.:. . 133.238.165 i 1.038. 74S 33 |
• r :GEO. 8. A. TOTJNO. PresJdent.
; :;. WALTER ; S. ALLET. Secretary. I
.'- Subscribed and ; sworn to before me,- this 9th
day of February. 1900. GEO.H. COREY, : •
':, ,- : Commissloneri for California. :'
THO&. jTJZONROY;
. Manager. ,
CEO. W; BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner ; California and Sansome Streets,'
¦¦¦' san. -francisco. cal.' .¦''--'-.;
wjWHY^SUFFER?
PERSONS ;¦ AFFLICTED 'WITH RHETJMA:
..TI8M, s no ' matter '¦ of ¦ how ' long ' standing, or
any ¦ other chronic : disease, should call at once
at , the • SANS -. SOUCI.~. 1409 .Van 1 Ness ave.,\ the
up to date institution for. treatment.;: We have
25 years' experience. Charges reasonable.
{ STATEMENT
—OF THE— T •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE , STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December, A. . D.
1S99. and for the year ending on ' that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner : of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash '. J600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $272, S59 M
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 1,750,261 75
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1S8.760 00
Cash In Company's Office........ 2,256 .»4
Cash In Banks ...: '75.6S8 64
Interest due and accrued on all ..-
Stocks and Loans...... 12,660 41
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27,069 77
Premiums in due, Course of Collec-
tion ................;.................. 148.965 11
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks... 56.267 57
Rents due and accrued; - 1,501 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. • 7,844 40
Total Assets .$3.543.144 71
.4^-,. LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... $11,767 14
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ......... ....... .. T2 -55Z 55
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire > Risks run-
• nlng one year or leas, •$548,903 78;
• reinsurance BO per cent.... .'.... 274,45183
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- j
nlng more than one year, 12,123,- ' _ _ '-•¦
457 08; reinsurance pro rata. 1,141.339 63
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.,. 4.647 60
All other demands against the Com-
pany .................. -.. ':•* 25,557 99
Total Llablllttta .;.... ............. >t632.601 65
. INCOME.
Net cash actually ' received for Fire
premiums $1,009,855 73
Received for interest on . Bonds and
Mortgages ...'................ 84,787 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, : Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ..................... 55,713 35
Received for Rents ~ 2.797 11
Total Income ....;.... ........ .....$!¦ 152.653 C8i
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- ; "¦¦-..
eluding $25,776 07, losses of previous:- ¦ r-
years) ............:::.....'..... 7....... $3$9.299 69
Dividends to Stockholders ............ ; 61.690 00
Paid or i allowed - for Commission or
Brokerage ....:............. 147,818 42
Paid - for Salaries, - Feea, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 66,24122
Paid for State, National and Local ¦
taxes ....................;........'..... / 81.946 85
All other payments and"expendltures ;" 63.357 87
/Total Expenditures $760,353 95
¦.- •• ¦ '.: '?.' ; : > ' FIre;i '
LOSSES incurred during the . year.... $443.570 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. '<¦ Premiums.",
Net amount of 'Risks
written during the • -
year ..:... .S.. ..,:... $280,005,996 $1,456,642 99
'Net amount* of Risks > ~ ,
expired during the ...... . - :
year ..."....:......... 249.460,454 I,46tl28 87'
Net " amount ¦ In • force ' , :,
:. ..December 31. 1S99... ,' 859.231.717 2.672.860 86
' . E. O. "DOREMUS,- President. ':'r :
JAS.- H.WORDEN.4 Secretary. ;
'Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of . January, ¦ l900.'«8«eerttn|itfffft»iTwrtBa^Kj
amaBUBBlttBmm*-- henry h. dawson, >
. . r_. Notary Public ;
:THOS. J^CQNROY,
: GE^0^BROJOK3^
Assistant Manager. ..¦;¦¦¦
8E; Craier^ California and \ Sansome Streets^
. BAN FRANCISCO, CAU .
« NABER, ALFS & BRCNE, Agents.
323 Market st.,: S.': F. — (Send for Circular.)
The most \ wonderful aphrodisiac : and -. Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for. both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. .Sells on its own merits. ->
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
DR. HALL'S REINVIG0RAT0Rp?5|S
Five liuDdred reward for any RBS^^ofifl
case we cannot cure. This secret HO bmNS
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours,* U lt '. *¦"- ¦
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- ROM WttB
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, HW| Ran
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all IKLi liiiii
wasting effects of self-abuse or EH sw^S
excesses. Sent sealed, 12 bottle: 3 BESRBBMI
bottles, ¦ $5; guaranteed to cure any , case. Ad-
dress; HALL/B MEDICAL INSTITUTE,^ 856
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. ; h Also for sale at 1073U
Market et.. 8. F. - All private diseases quickly
DR. CROSSMAN'StSPECIFIC MIXTURE
For I tK» I cure * of - GONORRHOEA, - : GLEETS,
STKICTCRKS and analagous complaints oi the
Orrans . of Generation. - : . v -v , >. . -
• Frlc* ; tl ' • bottle. For eala by ' flronirU.
¦ ' *— * - '¦ ¦ ; -¦¦¦¦..:¦":.;•"
Address A. BETTENS. Kgr., Byron Hat Springs. Cal.
Call oa Lombard & Ca.. Uty A?ent«, .0 tietrj. City.
OLEMA HOTEL,
E. B. NELSON. Manager.
OLEMA. MARIN COCNTT. CAT*
SPECIAL RATES
Until August 15.
. "Write for Terms.
C i HID MELTED Free from . fogs and cold
vAIHl IHCCnXK winds. The Popular Resort
Amone Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
ing. Bathing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from $10 to $75. Cottages bull.t from $30 and
upward. Board and lodging. $6 per week: un-
furnished rooms. 11 per week. Address H. M..
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. ¦
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS l^^ti
Springs: new management: a place of comfort
all seasons: 48 miles fromS. P.. via Tlburon
ferry R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank; $10 60 and up per week;
round trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Long-distance phone.
f> A OI QDAn MINERAL
.VnnLopAU springs.
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy,*, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. . Accommodations . first
clasa: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. . R. McOOVERN. Kelseyvtlle. L«k» Co.
VICHY -SPRINGS.
Three miles from Ukiah. The only place in the
- United States where vlchy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters; champagne
. bath: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER& CO.. Vlchy Springs, Men-
doclno County. Cal. '• ¦ . ¦ ¦¦
KLAMATH HOT SPItMCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county ta
California. - Trout fishing— finest in the State-
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of tame ' in surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck, Sisklyon County, CaL
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
, Thoroughly Electric lights, bll-,
llarda, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly flrst class.
For tenr.B apply to MRS. P. J. MARTINA.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. ; fine : fishing, boating, bathing anl
- hunting; In the heart of the mountains. Trie
best table In Lake Co. 'Address O. WEIS-
¦ MAN, MIdlake P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent* accommodations
for , families. ..: Flrst-clars • table. : All kinds of
dairy produce. - Fine ¦ spring water. ¦ Rates »7
up. Send for circular. C. H. W. BRUNING,
Santa Rosa, Cal. "
THE GEYSERS, &5?
. ONB OP NATUBSrS WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing.
banting and livery. Writ* for pamphlet, L
WEP.THE1MER. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to
ep#nd your vacation. Boating.- bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new .walks, etc." Write for
circular to - - . ¦ -. H. WAMBOLD,'
. . ••.- --¦• Laurel Dell. Lake County, Cal.
ST. HELENAS SANITARIUM .^SSSftS
Napa • Valley.' Tha ' institution has all th» ad-
vantages of a health resort I aa ' well as being -. a
f ully equipped ; sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. I Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. 8t Helena, CaL,.
Fidelity 1 Casualty
OO3S^P > -A.2ST"y
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the Slst day of December, A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections S10 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
• CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $250,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 5(53,153 34
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.370.329 50
Cash In Company's Office 26,839 Ot
Cash in Banks 109.810(7
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .-. 2,362 59
Premiums in due Course of Collection 338.3A0 S3
Rents due and accrued . 1.563 71
Reserve reinsurance deposit 23.197 43
Total Assets .'. $3,440.(32 73
LJABIUTXES. *
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense J1K.S37 37
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 504.335 74
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning one year or less, i — ; rein-
surance M per cent : 1,529,333 S4
Gross premiums on Risks, run-
ning more than one year, $ ;
reinsurance pro rata 206,957 41
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 2S.866 53 .
Total Liabilities .$2,482,199 94
rxcoME. ~~~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums •.".V:; $3,431,814 40
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 85.434 50
?Received for Rents 59,313 71
Received from all other sources 14,736 23
Total Income $3,591,338 S9
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing % . " losses of previous . . . "
years) ....;..„... J1.597.S90 80
Dividends to Stockholders - 50 000 00
Paid or ¦ allowed for Commission or
Brokerage m,X» 38
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21S.1M 41
Paid for State. National and Local —"*?" "
Al"ther"paymen\"s*and"VipendituVes m'.m CS
Total Expenditures .J3.318.08S 80
Losses Incurred during the year $1.331, "«"53
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
HENRY CROSSLEY. Acting Sec*y.
Subscribed andsworn to before me. this 27th
day of March. 1900.
GEO. W. VARIAN, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C. RARDEE,
Manager and Attorney. T^l
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
BAN FRANCISCO. CXU .
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE—
STATEMENT
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms; good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEM. Glen Ellen. Cal.
:AHLER"S new summer resort, Cazadero. CaL
— Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
ing; general mdse., choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
FI MONTF HftTFI LOS £ AT °s. cai*-
Elr iUUillC HUlLLi cool mountain cli-
mate, beautiful drives; average temperature
80 degrees; no wind or mosquitoes; 2 hours
from San Francisco; 6 trains daily; no con-
sumptives taken. JXO. N'EVILL, Proprietor.
CI/APPC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlV/\lj[Vl^ County; only 4% hours
from Sun Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath in State; grand mountain
scenery: gocd trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: daily mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
Ban Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a flay or
$12 a week. References—^Any guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor..
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
flna flsiilntr, ejerellent table, magnificent for-
est. . no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal tsot
for families. See "Tit* Traveler" for partic-
ulars.* Open Jan* L Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMON3. Independence Lake, CaL
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths • refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful -walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. , F., 9 a.
m and 2:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at Gilroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
A Great Dove Shoot
August 24th and 25th
A Great Dove Stew
August 26th, at
J[ HOT SPRINGS
ROUND TRIP:
ONE AND ONE-THIRD FARE.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
TeL Red 23.16. 610 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.. Paso Robles, Cal.
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shasta's summit, clad in enow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fors and 1 free
from winds and dust and heat, SISSON TAV-
ERN. 3300 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta. Is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around it a wide
expanse . of meadows, about it tho perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains." For the angler— the
ealmon and the trout in the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. AIA. AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door, where
Nature is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations are. Rates. $10 to 112
per week. $2 60 per day. Guides and horses
for mountain climbing;. MRS. M. I* SISSON.
Proprietor. Slsson, Cal. •*
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates, reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery st.. Ban
Francisco, or address
GEORGE P. SNELU Mffr.. San Jose, Cal/ .
Central California
Vendome
ADVERTISEMENTS.
731 Market Street
6AN FRANCISCO.
ELEVATOR
ENTRANCE
;'s;"fc*: C-'y.= . " . - ¦¦ -' ¦ - ¦- . • «
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 19 YEARS.
Hours— 8 to 5 Dally
Sundays— 9 to II
Eveologs— 7 to 8
Although It is preferable
to see the patients in many
instances, it Is not always
necessary. If . you cannot
call, write for private book,
diagnosis sheets, free ad-
vice, prices and other par-
ticulars. Correspondence so-
licited. All letters confiden-
tial.' No printing on envel-
opes or packages to indicate
name of sender. Cures sent
by ; either mail or express,
free from observation.
As a guarantee DR. MET-
ERS & CO. will let the pa-
tient deposit the price of a
cure in any bank in San
Francisco, to be paid after
he is entirely well. If It Is
not convenient/ to do this,
payments may be made in
monthly installments. It re-
quires confidence backed by
ability to make such an of-
fer. No other . doctors will
undertake a cure on ¦ these
conditions.
as those which have been recently contracted or acquired.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been successful In curing all dis-
eases and weakness of men. Their experience and facilities enable
them to master the most dangerous, chronic and complicated cases, as
TD PERMANENT HEALTH AN D STREN GTH
MEN RESTORED
I *
® A vacation docs not usually •
q extend beyond two or three or
& four weeks, so that many oi €>
9 those who have been sojourn- •
© ing during the past month at q
• . the various- resorts along the •
J California Northwestern Rail- *
0 way are returning to their •
J homes. ' m J
O Those who intend to take 9
• their vacation during July or •
2 August, and those who may not *
• have thought of a rest, but •
should do so, can cow easily §
0 find the desired accommoda- Q
§ Call for "VACATION," a §
• little book just issued by the •
S company, giving Camping Lo- <j
• cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring J
•' Resorts, and a list of one hun- J
q dred and sixty-seven Farms and 9
• homes where Board for the •
2 Summer can be secured at from e
• $5.00 to $8.00 per week. •
O ™
A Ticket Office, <S0 Market at. O
X (Chronicle building). ©
~t General Office. Mutual ZJf* m
r • building. Sansome and Calif oral* a
9 •«., Ban Francisco. ~
0 H. C, WH1TIS0, Stasnl Un%gn. •
• B. X. BTAH, 0«a'l Pass. Agt J
S««o«e9eo«o9eo9oo9oooe
I About It. I
S Goto the Santa Fe City Ticket gg
§ At 628 Market Street, 9
8 San Francisco. - g
B and learn something about the ' |g
£3 ..'.- attractions, health and comforts *|
H of Camp Coronado, or write to R
Eg ;' the Coronado Beach Company. H
j coronado Beach, California, |
S E. SL BABCOCK. President. gTHE steamer John S. Kimbali; sched
uled to sail for Cape Nome at 10
o'clock this morning, will carry one
happy girl who goes with ] a stout
heart, to face the hardships of .Alaskan
life, because there she will meet her be
trothed. Miss Rae Boas, daughter of Isa
dor Boas, will take passage on the steam
er and on the day of Its arrival at Nome
she will be married to Fred Carter. .
The groom-to-be was formerly manager
of the sporting goods department of New
man & Levinson's. He was a member
WILL SAIL FOR NOME
TO BECOME A BRIDE
3>avies Defeated.
UTICA, N. Y.", Aug. 8.— Tom Davies of
San Francisco was defeated in a handicap
wrestling match here to-night by George
Barber of this city. •
PORTLAND, Maine, Aug. 8.— Rev. Dr.
Cyrus Hamlin, the veteran missionary to
Turkey and the founder of Roberts Col
lege at Harpoot, died here suddenly to
night.
Rev. Cyrus Hamlin.
Following is. General MacArthur's -offi
cial report of sickness In his entire army
on July 31: Sick in hospitals. 3755; sick in
quarters, 1071; percentage, 8.04.
. WASHINGTON. Aug. 8.— Secretary Root
said to-day the latest reports from Gen
eral MacArthur showed that the sickness
in the army in tne Philippines was 8 per
cent, which was considered a remarkably
good showing, owing to the lack of sur
geons, due to separation of commands.
There were some small detachments, with
out a surgeon, but this defect was being
remedied with all due diligence.
ering Lack of Surgeons.
Remarkably Good Showing, Consid-
HEALTH OF THE. ARMY.
The Pullman porter, told her to get out
of the car. She objected, whereupon he
forced her out. The train started up and
carried away her 2-year-old child, which
"was still In the car. She did not Bee the
baby again until 11 o'clock of the follow
ing day. In the meantime she suffered
great mental anguish and was compelled
to hunt hotel accommodations in a
strange desert town In the dead of win
ter.
FRESNO, Aug. 8.^-L.yda May Morris
yesterday began suit against the Santa Fe
Pacific Railroad Company and the Pull
man Car Company for $5000. The action
is based on an incident which occurred
at Needles last February, when the em
ployes of the company put Mrs. Morris
off the train for Fresno.
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Demands $5000 Damages for
Being Put Off a Train
on the Desert. /
FRESNO WOMAN
SUES THE SANTA
FE RAILWAY
twice in Denver before he died.
"But what I was going to tell you was
how the old gentleman cured me of my
envy of the rich. He. took me down one
day and showed me his famous yacht,
the NourmahaJ. It was a beaut, I tell
you. When I had looked through the
frand saloon and the elegant staterooms,
said: , / •
" 'Mr. Astor, I certainly do envy, you,
with all your wealth and your fine yacht
and houses and lands.'
" 'Don't do it, Mendel; don't envy me at
all,' said Mr. Astor. 'You are far better
off as you are. You can go' home at night
and bo happy with your little family. If
of which bags of straw had been thrown;
so that as early as the tenth century per
manent recesses covered with sacks of
straw and -curtained off from the main
room were constructed in the great halls.
Even these primitive contrivances were
considered the luxuries of the nobility and
the "bed re'afs" and curtains were handed
down from g&eration to generation as
treasured legacies. Although after the
Norman conquest their resting places pre
sented a less shelf like appearance, in
some antiquated places they are in use
at this day. Frederick Lltchfleld in speak
ing of a recent visit to a farmhouse in
Brittany alludes .to the curious beds
which he saw'there, "consisting of shelves
for parents' and children, which form a
cupboard in the wall and are shut in
during the day by a pair of lattice doors
of Moorish design." He furthermore
states that these perches are reached by
means of an oddly carved Moorish chest,
which serves as a step. This quaint fur
niture was doubtless made in the middle
of the fifteenth century and has been
many times handed down -from father to
son. These rudimentary beds were also
a feature of colonial furnishings, and a
veritable one is described by Alice Morse
Earle in her "China Collecting in Amer
ica" as a part of the appointments of an
old New England farmhouse. Such a bed.
was called a "slow bank," which term,
says the author, "is a corruption of 'sloap
bancke,' or sleeping bench, and the slow
bank was the great-grandfather of our
modern cabinet folding bed. At one end
of the room are doors apparently belong
ing to cupboards, which, upon being
swung wide open, disclose the oblong
frame of a bed with a network el ropes
to Berve as springs. This bed frame Is
fastened at one end to the wall with
heavy hinges and was hooked up* against
the wall in the daytime and at night was
lowered to a horizontal position and sup
ported on heavy wooden-turned legs,
which fitted into sockets in the frame."
Fcr many centuries bedsteads were used
only by Kings and Queens and were state
ly affairs, richly carved, unwieldy and of
enormous size. A typical royal bed of the
time of the French renaissance was taken
from the chateau of Pou, where it was the
V.
Unlke the Hebrews, . Greeks and Ro
mans, our English forefathers were un
used to the luxury of the bedstead. Their
makeshifts during the troublous times ot
the middle ages should not have been dig
nified by the name of "bed," which is pri
marily an outcome of peace and prosperi
ty. As the country became less turbulent
the warrior did not find It necessary to
sleep armed for attack upon the rude
board table or upon the long chest on top
BT MARGARET AIXSLEE.
the seate of hl3 selfe fruition, the com
fortable part of his own life, the noblest
of his son's Inheritance, a kind of private
princedom, nay. the possession there of an
epitome of the whole world, may well de
serve by these attributes, according to the
degree of the master, to bo delightfully
adorned."
The bedstead was accordingly banished
to the sleeping room and replaced in the
drawing room by the "day bed"— probably
a carved oak settle containing clothing
within its chest seat, the lid of which was
made comfortable as a daytime lounging
place by means of movable cushions. Next
the banqueting table was relegated to tho
dining hall and the writing table was sub
stituted In the living room. The primltlvo
table, stretchers with board top. was mod-
Kreat exception to this withdrawal from
public family Me % and bishops inveighed
p.tjainst Vatxndrie noblemen and gentlemen
»nd others who doe much delighte to dyno
In corners and secret places." . In spite or
invective against this separation or class
from class, the partition of the house into
bedroom. bf»doir,and drawing room went
on. and tMs division into smaller rooms
quickened the general interest in procur
: ing the furniture suitable to each room.
Sir Henry W'otton, an Embassador in th<*
time of James I. thus quaintly defends
the growing love of plenishing the home:
"Every man's proper mansion house ana
home, being the theater of his hospitality.
"How was it ?" asked , tho customer, j as
soon as ; Mr. Mendel loosened his - grip ! on
his chin and gave^hlm power of . speech.
"Oh. it was. old '.¦William Astor, V father
of " John Jacob ,'Astor, : who ;• cured me." ;
"Is that so? ¦ Where ) was this?"
"Up at Rhinebeck,' New York;- where the
old man's * country, home, Rokeby. 1 ; is lo
cated, you know— about .; seventeen J miles
above Poughkecpste, on the Hudson, i I
lived there eighteen. years and usedito go
up and shave Mr. Astor., every ' day; when
he was - out in ' the "' country: - Oh;- -yes,-- 1
knew the old man well. He visited me
He Shaved William Astor. 1
"I've got over envying the^ rich many
years ago.", said P. J. Mendei; one of the
most erudite barbers In Chris : Rowedder's
shop, as -he dabbed on another = brushful
of lather and began rubbing.it in with an
easy, contemplative motion : of . his experi
enced hand. ' :>.¦.'.-
DOES NOT ENVY THE RICH.
A Barber Has Been Contented Since
The Rev. s C. D. Crouch, pastor . of the
Worth tabernacle, who some *¦ time ago
adopted the novel experiment of devoting
himself to business pursuits in order that
he might be free to apply himself to the
work; of 'the ministry, without payment
from -¦ his 'congregation, has just issued a
report in" which, he sums. up the results.
His -efforts."" he .save/have been so 'sig
nally blessed -that he was able to return
his people's- offerings. at the rate of.$2oO
in the -tirst i year and $oOO in 'the second,
while In the year upon .which they are
just ehterinff s the return. will be $750. Mr.
Crouch • was an ' old pupil ; of tho late : Mr.
Spurgeon. — London ; Echo. ¦¦'
¦» ¦ .' ", -> '" — ¦ m ¦ — — — ;
V Druggists'. Prices.
Druggist— People - think they are very
funny when Uhey * talk s about the exorbi
tant prices; asked- by apothecaries. : , - :
Customer—So there Is nothing in it, eh?
v i Druggist— No,*; indeed." : I consider omy
prices ¦; quite "reasonable.- I 'never ask 'for
an -article/ anywhere near * as, much as I
should like to.— Boston TranscriDt. ,;^
His Congregation Needn't Pay.
Potter, is in a class alt by himself." He
said that when Bishop Potter said that
concubinage was prevalent in the Philip
pine archipelago, he said what was abso
lutely false. He outlined the history of
the trouble In the islands from the time
when Admiral Dewey won his memorable
victorv He isaid . tho Filipinos were
slaughtered during the hostilities as peo
nlo were never before; He: told of the
guerrilla warfare which the natives have
-JdorAed and gave as his opinion that they
S^uUikeep it up until the - end of the
world He eulogized the American volun
teer soldier, whom he said was possessed
of intelligence; courage, chivalry, impetu-
OS In y suin d mfn| I u|* the qualities of Flll
nin« Father McQuaide said that they
were V? industflouB, pious, law-abiding
lecture, Professor
Mcofntyrsampsoii. .Wyman. Dempsey and
Augustine.' i;^'
' -,VThat vwas a , line ; man; • old William
Astor,"* proceeded y Mr.; Mendel; shaving
veryi particularly in .the ? neighborhood ? of
his customer's '."Adam's apple.'.' ¦ Had one
of : the 5 easiest ; faces % to ;; shave ; you , ever
saw. ;¦; Big ] fellow, Hoo ; * stood ; six < feet "two
and , weighed ; 200 ; pounds*: and = didn't carry
any - extras cargo,? either.'-'— Denver '-Even
ing Post. jifflBBgffi&jsitigMfrgHHl
" 'On! my yacht I have forty-nine peo
ple to watch everything * I do : and gossip
about * me. v When -I'm >¦ in -New York ? my
wife la • In ; Europe, > , when ;, I'm : here at
Rokeby mywife is at Newport Family?
I; have no, family", and as for happiness—
huh !V|0BHB£P%ffllB9BSQ(S|8HHMgB9gm
''• "That~.was ' the ..-way he talked ," and - I've
been contented . ever . since. . :
you want .to, go on a modest little flyer
all:- you've got. to do is . to run down to
Coney Island, meet your t friends, - load
yourself ' up on beer and' be happy,,while
I have . always • to be on my p's and q's ;
have to dress '. for dinner. - go out ; and be
bored * at - the ; theater; and • opera,; receive
all - kinds' of .people -and be worried to
death In ; many ways/.
A Glib Witness.
A female witness, possessed of a rich
brogue, was on the stand in Judge Don
ovan's court the other day. Her tongue
moved so rapidly in the narration of her
story that her words were quite unintel
ligible. Finally the court interrupted:
*'Hold on! &ot so fast! Not so fast!
This man (pointing to the court . sten
oRrajiher) can write about 20O words a
minute, but you are polnx at the rate of
400. Give him a chance to catch up."
"Arrah. why dun't yez git a good man,
Jedse? What does yez kape a slow skate
fur. at all?" was the ready retort. — De
troit Free Press.
¦ James ' Campbell was held ; to answer
before the Superior ] Court . yesterday -by
Judge Conlan on ; a charge ' of burglary
in $2000 bonds. He broke into the house
at 1332 Sacramento 'Street- a few days ago
and stole a /number of valuable curios
from a trunk. . ;
Held for Burglary.
pendale in the latter part of the eight
eenth century devised many forms of pil
lars His sketches for a state bed, as well
as Sheraton's for a canopy bed. and the
tapestried bed of Marie Antoinette, all be
ppeak stateliness rather than comfort. In
fact, designs for state beds are Interesting
merely as ' the originals from which our
modern beds have been modified. Possibly
we may have lost. something in dignity,
exquisite carving and luxurious hangings,
but on the other, hand we have gained In
cleanliness, lightness and freedom from
Strangely enough. In feudal days the
bedstead was considered a most suitab't?
furnishing for the parlor. The "parloir"
: or "talking-room" was the first offshoot
from the : common ' hall or "houseplace.V.
• It ; was then- firmlsheu with carved oak
settles, the. ubiquitous chest and the liv
ery cupboards for drinking vessels and
unused viands which ; had formerly stood
on the dais, and was not otherwise Incum- ;
bered with the thousand and one unneces-' '
Bary addenda which: transform our mod
ern living-rooms into; a- combination of
conservatory and curio shop.
5 The next division of honse room (about
the time of the reformation) was the "pri
vee parloir." an outcome of the passing of
feudalism -and the days of religious per
secution, when masters . of. the -household
had fear of the: mischief-.which'treacher
ous -± or "eavesdropping . " retainers might
make. -Both church and Government . took
BEDSTEAD OF MARIE ANTOI
NETTE.
Charles Richard, a dresser employed In
the rolling mills, -had- his hand crushed in
a wheel at the mills. He was removed to
the City and County Hospital, where. two
fingers were taken off. After being treat
ed he. was sent to his home at 262 Illinois
street. ~ . - : . -' -¦
Loses , Two Fingers.
AlNelll is after two men In a single
night .- Ho has . sent challenges to Ortego
and Weedy for a double engagement some
time toward the end of this month. The
National Club will try to arrange these
fights, ten-round goes, with a half hour
between,- at San Jose.
Neill After Two Men.
•Tin, a farmer from San Mateo
County.", was the reply, "and I read lots
about the 'cops'- all--- wanting -. to" own
horses and buggie3.s What- chance would
I have stood against six of you? I'm on
to my s job,", he said as he led the horse
around : to a stable to give it rest. •
into Bay. street, purling like a com
pound ten-wheeler. Christiansen kept
close In the wake and . beganvto flguro
that a halt would at 'least be called at the
Presidio gates, or if they were open that
he could corner the quadruped 1 at Fort
Point, where the road ends. His musings
came to a sudden ending when Leaven
worth street was reached and the horse
refused to climb the hill. ... , --.-¦
The - sergeant placed handcuffs on the
driver's wrists despite his protestations
and drove the worn-out horse back to
the station. • His wind save out for the
first time: when he was told that the in
formation that caused him to run twenty
three blocks and nearly .-killed, five 'of 'his
men was only a canard, and that no ac
cident had occurred.
: "What made you whip . up ". your horse
•when you 'saw us following you?" asked
the dismayed officer of the man in the
vehicle. . ¦ ,
g-ii-^HE ohenomenal run of the Police
Department was made by Sefgea nt
Ji Hans H. Christiansen of the Califor
nia-street police station Saturday
night. A chase of twenty-three blocks
after a steed that felt the lash at every
step failed to stop his action, and he cap
tured his game only • to find that all his
had been for naught. In the
chase five officers were distanced and
were found clinging to lamp posts an hour
afterward. Still the sergeant £ speaks
lightly of the feat and tells how he was
Just catching his second breath to con
tinue the run to Land's End when a hill
stopped the horse.
Saturday night. Christiansen, with Of
ficers T. W. Handley, Robert Silver, John
Duane, Peter Peshon and Samuel Dag
gett, were standing near the corner of
California and Kearny streets. A horse
and wagon dashed, by but did not attract
their attention until a small boy accosted
them and revealed the startling Informa
tion that the driver had just driven over
an old man and killed him some distance
down Kearny street.
"Get t' sprinting," Bald the kid, "or
you'll ' lose the feller. Jle's . tryin' to
escape." ' .
' "Follow me," shouted Christiansen;. to
the others, "and remember the records of
your: superiors." Whereupon he < started
on the run in the direction "of North
Beach. The driver of the horse, when he
saw the squad after him, applied the whip
without reserve and the animal hit. only
the high , cobbles. Silver got lost- first.
They found him afterward at the corner
of Clay street.. Duano ceased to hear, the
sergeant's command to follow , In the re
gion of Jackson street. , When the steed
turned. Into Montgomery avenue Handley,
made the excuse that his beat was on
Kearny street, and as the Chief might be
along any moment, he did not like ¦ to
leave it. Peshon and Dagge.tt dropped
exhausted before another block of ground
had been covered. -
The sergeant. Intent on racing with the
horse, did not discover the absence of the
men until' he had reached - Filbert and
Stockton streets. Still he kept '. on the
chase. From Stockton the animal turned
State Forestry Commissioner Rothrock,
who, with other members of the commis
sion, has completed an Inspection of the
forests of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania,
has outlined In brief the purpose of the
State in acquiring large tracts. He said:
"The duty of the commission is to pur
chase three timber reservations. o£ 40.000
acres each, at the headwaters of the three
principal rivers— the Delaware, the Sus
quehanna and the Ohio-. The Idea of these
forest' preserves Is to raise timber on'
ground that will not produce anything
else. The State wants to put the timber
back, and cultivate and rear forests of
the same order as the extensive Black
forest in Germany. The culmination In
our present ideas may not be in this gen
eration. It took Oermany 200 years to
make the famous Black forest what it is
now. But the United States will proba
bly make as much progress In that line in
fifty years as Germany has done In two
centuries.
"The climate of Pennsylvania Is far
more healthful than that of any other
State in the Union, but the people do not
know it. Besides, they cannot enjoy out
door life at present without trespassing
on some one's or corporation's domains.
There will be no need for our citizens to
go to the Adirondacks. to Coiorado. Cali
fornia. Florida or elsewhere when we
once get these timber preserves in full
operation for healthful outdoor recrea
tion. One out of every 1000 persons dies
of pulmonary consumption In the Adiron
dack region, while In the Keystone State
the rate is only on© in every 1330 persons.
"It is only a question of time when
Pennsylvania will be called upon to tak*
care of its consumptives and find a way
to prevent the spread of that dreaded dis
ease. Our State timber reservations will
be the remedy to help the State out of
that dilemma."-Phllaflelphia Ledger.
Preserves for Their Benefit.
FORESTS FOB. CONSUMPTIVES.
Pennsylvania to Create Large Timber
Lloyd '.C. 'Turner, a teamster for A. F.
Bannell at 167 Valencia street, was treated
at the City and County Hospital yester
day for a fracture of the skull and several
lacerated wounds of -the head. : Turner.
fell from a hay truck at Woosely street
and San Bruno avenue and was taken to
the hospital by Police Officer C.-J.' Joseph
of the Seventeenth-street police station.
Teamster's Skull Fractured.
The Nuevo Potrero Improvement Club
is to the front with a petition to the Su
pervisors requesting that Islais Creek be
kept open. At a recent meeting of this
club arguments were , advanced showing
the necessity of having a drawbridge at
the proposed Santa Fe road crossing. Be
fore the Kentucky street road was laid
down and before the Fourth street bridge
was built schooners used to. pas? In
through the creek and discharge freight
at South San Francisco. Since then, how
ever," the bed of the creek has gathered a
filling of slimy mud, leaving it no lor.ger
navigable for any vessels .except flaUbot
tomed scows drawing a few inches ot
water. : ... ... ...
Wants Islais Creek Kept Open.
propertv of Jeanne d'Albret, mother of,
Henry IV. This huge oaken afTair Is
carved with the date 1562 and. Judging
from the proportion of space It occupied
by the figure reclining upon it. must really
have been an openwork wooden room or
box, or else must have exercised a most
dwarfing effect upon its Inmates. Possi
bly, like its contemporary, the Great Bed
of Ware, it was intended to accommodate
eight persons. Shakespeare alludes in
"Twelfth Night" to the immoderate size
of this bed when he makes Sir Toby
Belch say: "And as many lies as shall lie
in thy sheet of paper, altho* th* sheet
were big enough for the Bed of Ware In
Knprland. set 'em down, go about it.'
These huge constructions were gradual
ly made with less woodwork at the sides
and with broad, heavy corner pieces,
which in time evolved into the lighter old
fashioned four-poster with Its paneled
tester and draped canopy, known as the
"canopy bed." For this style of bed Chip-
Note— This study will be concluded next
Thursday.
lfled by the elaborate carving of the Eliza
bethan renaissance, developed Into tha
'writing table and escritoire in the days of
Marie Antoinette and became light and
comfortable In construction In the day* of
the kneehole table designed by Sheraton.
These latter were invariably made of ma
hogany. Sheraton depending mainly upon
his marquetry for decoration.
Mahogany came into general use early
in the eighteenth century owing to the
persistence of a Dr. Gibbon, who wished
to convert some mahogany planks sent
him by his brother, a West Indian captain,
into a candle box for his wife. The joiner
found this foreign wood too hard for his
tools; but the undajunted doctor insisted
upon the use of harder tempered tools,
which succeeded In turning out eventually
a most admirable box. The doctor, de
lichted with the peculiar grain, toughness
and susceptibility and high polish of thta
richly colored wood, n*xt ordered a bureau
made, which so took by storm the court
party that it quickly becamo the rage.
Lltchfleld thinks that the expression,
"putting one's knees under a friend's
mahogany" probably originated about
this time.
THE "SPANGLE" BEDROOM AT KNOL.E.
(The furniture of this room was presented by James I to the Earl of Mid
dlesex.)
The applause that followed lasted fully
flve minutes. After sincerely thanking his
audience for the hearty reception. Father
McQuaide said he was delighted to lend
his aid to decrease the del* which is now
hanging over the pretty church In Holy
Cross Parish. He confessed at the outset
of his lecture that he had some misgiv
ing as to the timplin*-ss of it as he was
aware that the State end country had
been lectured over by returning soldiers
and lecturers. He rapidly traced the his
tory of the islands, and in doing so dwelt
on the EDlendid services rendered by the
friars, to whom he paid a high tribute,
terming them the advance guard of Span
ish civilization. He Eaid it was usual for
carping critics, who are swayed by bigotry
or who are woefully ignorant, to find
fault in the work of the friars. He sar
castically alluded to the criticisms made
by Bishop Potter of New York. The
fpeaker insinuated that the famous
* Wgyman had not visited Manila, but had
o reamed what he Raid in a siesta In the
afternoon- while lodging In Hongkong.
•"In an ace of fakes," he said, "Bishop
In introducing the reverend epeaker
it) r. A. V. O'Brien Eaid in part:
¦'"It is a very great pleasure to welcome
to his old home our friend. Father
AlcCiuaide. tApplause.j Absence with
iUm has but made the heart grow fonder
and to-night we welcome him back to the
scenes of his childhood and hearts of his
friends."
When Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide made the
foregoing statement in the course of his
lecture on "Philippine Observations,"
In Metropolitan Temple last night, the au
dience which filled the hall echoed the
sentiments of the speaker by applauding
him heartily. It was but a scintillating
pafsage in a brilliant lecture. The elo
quent Catholic priest, who recently re
turned from his field of labor in the
Island cf Luzon, was primed with Inter
esting data about the people who popu
late the distant land, and "for two hours
he held his auditors intently interested
b.e he told of his experiences.
"The Filipinos, to zny mind, are a very
intelligent and moral people and can be
made capable of Belf-government. - -\vTien
I make ttls statement I am consistent
In rny humble opinion it would not pay us
to hold the Philippine Islands. On the
contrary, it would be a most dangerous
plan. I would not take our flag from the
islands. Let our flag remain there, but
let us remain as a protectorate 'over a
celf-governicg people."
Friars and Denounces
- --Unjust Critics.
Brilliant Lector© by tlie Eloquent
Catholic Priest— Defends the
Father McQuaide Favors a
Protectorate Over the
Islands.
SAYS FILIPINOS
ARE SIMPLE AND
CAPABLE PEOPLE
SERGEANT CHRISTIANSEN WINS
LAURELS IN SPRINTING EVENT
¦¦ RAND opera at the Tivoll is draw
' f ¦ ing splendid crowds. "Otello," with
MSalassa, Avedano, Miss Graham and
Miss Llchter is the bill for Friday
and Saturday evenings, and "Rigo
letto," with Russo, Ferrari, Nlcolinl, Re
petto; and Polletini will be performed to
night,.Sunday evening and at the Satur
day matinee. The artistic worth of th»
two casts is curiously even, and their
relative merits are a subject of popular
discussion among musicians.
• • *
"Heartsease," by long odds the most
popular, production of the Henry Miller
season, will run over into next week
at the Columbia Theater, until Wednes
day evening, owing to the Immense de
mand for seats. The remainder of the
week will be devoted to Anthony Hope's
romantic comedy, "The Adventuro of the
Lady Ursula."
This afternoon at the Columbia Theater
Louis Francis Brown will give the fourth
lecture of the Burton Holmes series, with
subject, "The Grand Canyon of Colo
rado." It Is said to be one of the most
interesting of this interesting series from
a literary as well as picturesque stand
point.
• • • . .
•"The Middleman," a strong play,
strongly played, is drawing good houses
at the Grand Opera House, with the new
Frawley company. Next week tha popu
lar "Trilby" will be the bill.
• • •
With "The Night of the Fourth" for
the rest of the week, and a one-night
performance of. "Rush City" on Sunday,
the popular engagement of the Dunne &
Ryley comedians will come to an end.
Beginning with a Sunday matinee, "The
Brownies in Fairyland," in which almost
one Tiundred professional children will ap
pear, will be revived on an elaborate
scale.
• • • -.
At the Alcazar Theater Florence Rob
erts and White Whittlesey are playing
to large houses in "Romeo and Juliet.'*
"A Suit of Sable," by Miss Charlotte
Thompson, will be produced for^the first
time next week. 4
• • •
The Orpheum's excellent bill Includes
Bennett and Stembler, Meeker-Bakers,
Hooker and Davis. Jolly John Nash. Mr.
and Mrs. John Mason, Zelma Rawlston,
! Nicholas sisters and the St. Onge broth
ers.
• • •
"At Fischer's Concert House "The Right
Stocking," with Ray and Owen Ogden
and Bertha Foltz, Eudora Forde, Emma
Adams and Herbert Medley, are being
well received.
• • •
The Chutes and Zoo offer Seabury, the
sensational high diver, and a vaudeville
show as attractions.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
Wilson, great Minnehaha; Mrs. E. J.
Brazile, great keeper of records; Kate A.
Keane, great keeper of wampum; Edith
L. H. Gish. Mrs. Mitchell and Mrs. Kate
Benham, great , trustees.
The council voted In the negative on
the • proposition to withdraw from the
Great Council of California and apply for
a charter from the Great Council of the
United States.
Last evening there was a grand ball
in the . Mechanics' Pavilion to the great
chiefs and representatives of the Great
Councils. This function was in charge of
the following committees:
Reception Committee— James Boyes, chair
man; eacheme— R. Hoeber, William Greenblatt,
T. A. Brown. Dr.' Z. T. Malaby, W. D. Allen.
J. Meillette. H. A. Slops, A. Daweon, C. Le
Baron. C. H. Abbott, L. H. Knemark, G. H.
Roeenbohm. Hon. G«oree H. Cabaniss, W. C.
Greavee. V. F. Xorthrop. F. D. Ritchie, W. C.
Rowley. J. H. Jordan, T. H. Brldhoff. George
\V. Phelps : Pocahontas— Mrs. A. M. Bliss. Mrs.
E. J. Lake, MIbs S. Gtllogrley, Mrs. Seaborg,
Mrs. M. ails. Miss U Cullen.
Floor manager, A. Hausman; assistant floor
managers, J. w. Kelly, William J. Reed;
floor committee— S. Mlllf ich, O. Cotler, A.
Jones. C. H. Yearlan. M. F. Clausen. R.
Eetarztau. H. Miller. E. A. Lemolne. W. E. E.
Klipsteln, L. Linkesch. E. R. Burke, I*. Gran
well. J. A. Ellert. W. E. Lambert, G. A.
Helntz, Jamea Hoar, F. L. Griffiths. G. H.
Stein, C. Gay, R. Lockwood, Miss M. Searey,
Mies B. McKenna. Miss K. Cunningham, Miss
J. Walworth, Miss N\ Llbblne, Mrs. K_ Adams.
*-ir-^HU principal business at the sessions
iij of the Great Council of the Im-
H proved Order of Red Men and of the
Great Council of the. Degree of Po
jahonta* yesterday was the election of
great chiefs for the ensuing great sun.
F. D. Brandon was elected great sa
chem. James Boyes. great senior saga
more; John K. Tyrrell, great Junior saga
more: E. B. Wilson, great prophet; Porter
L. Bliss, chief of records; W. J. Smith,
great keeper of the wampum; E. B. "Wil
son, great representative to the Great
Council of the United States.
The great contest of the day was for
the office of great junior sagamore, which
is the stepping stone to the highest honor
in the reservation of California. The of
fice went to Mr. Tyrrell, a young attorney
of Grass Valley, who is an enthusiastic
Red Man, an eloquent epeaker and well
versed In fraternal law.
It Is probable that the session will close
to-day when the new chiefs elected and
those to be appointed will be raised up.
It was announced that the trophy of
$100 for the best exemplification of the
adoption work before the Great Council
was -won bv the team of Bald Eagle tribe,
cfwhlch H. C. Wehr is the captain.
In the Degree of Pocahontas Mrs. Jen
nie TVeiBel was elected creat Pocahontas;
Anna E. Gill, great Wenonah; Mrs. M.
GREAT CHIEFS ELECTED
FOR THE ENSUING TERM
TELE SAN FRANCISCO 'CAIil^ THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1900.
two pbomhtent officers op this bed men.
of the Olympic Club and Is widely known
In San Francisco. Three months ago he
went to Cape Nome to engage In a gen
eral merchandise business. He has pros
pered so well that he and Miss Boas nave
decided to hasten^the wedding day.
A large number of the friends of Miss
Boas will gather at the wharf this morn
ing to wish her godspeed and a quick
voyage. She will go In company with
Mrs. Cassius M. Coe, wife of, the former
San Francisco newspaper man, who Is
now editor and proprietor of the Nome
Gold. Digger. . Mrs. Coe Is making her
first trip to the great mining camp.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
QUAINT BEDSTEADS AND OTHER FURNISHINGS
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
- ¦ ¦ - — - rnHBBHSS
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING
,-...- ...... - ... . - a,
RUN OF POLICE SERGEANT THAT WILL MAKE DEPARTMENT HISTORY. t
WILL BE MARRIED IN FAB AWAY ALASKA.
9
CARVED OAK BEDSTEAD OP
JEANNE D'ALBRET.
It is important to know that . a food
r?n be obtained that is always safe; that
is Grape-Xuts.
A mother writes: "My baby took the
first premium at a baby show on the 8th
ij'.n., and is in every way a prize baby.
I have fed him on Grape-Nuts since he
was five months old I also use your
Postum Food Coffee for myself." Mrs.
L. F. Fi rhback, Al vin, Tex. , . ... i
Grape-Xuts food is not made solely
for a b-dby food by any means, but is
manufactured for all human beings who
have trifling, or serious, difficulties in
fctomach and bowels.
One especial point of value is that fhc
food is pretested in the process of
manufacture, not by any drugs or chem-
jcals whatsoever, but simply by the ac-
tion of heat, moisture and time, -which
permits the diastase to grow, and
change the starch into grape sugar,
pis presents food to the system ready
for immediate assimilation
.%, lit e5 Pf cia ! Y ilue ? -s a food, beyond
th^<ct that it is easily digested, is that
?JFf -m X ) e nfeded «fen»«its to quick-
ly rcb U] ld the cells in the brain and
nerve renters throughout the body.
The feeding; of infants in hot weather
s a very serious proposition, • as all
| others know. Food must be used that
L 11 easily digest, or the undigested part*
trill be thrown into the intestines and
rause sickness.
in Summer.
Proper Selection of Great Importance
KNOWLEDGE OF FOOD
GRAPE-DTTJTS.Continued on Page Thirteen.
Butter, Cheese': and Eggs
Butter is firm at a further; advance. Stocks
The ; Poultry . market '. Is still overstocked and
prices - are low and weak. '. Game stands about
as before. : ' - ' _ < ' ¦ *i
¦t POULTRY— Live .Turkeys. 9@10o for Gobblers
and ' 10S12c ¦ for : Hens ; ¦ Geese, ¦ per ¦ pair, 7 $1 25 •
Goslings. ;$125@1 50; Ducks, $3@4 for;old and
$3@4 " for young; ¦ Hens,?. $3 S0fC5: Young Roost
ers,", $4<35; ¦- Old * Roosters. ." $«@4 25; ; Fryers, $3®
3 f.0: 'Broilers. '$2 50<&3 'for large and $1 5QQ2
for, small : Pigeons, $1 EO'gl 75 per dozen for old
and $12301 50 <or Squabs. 1 .: ' ".
:•• GAME— Doves.-: 60@C5c 'per 'dozen: Cottontail
Rabbits. ¦' $1 23(gl M; Brush 'Rabbits "$l@l 25-
Hare. $1@1 25. ' '
Poultry and Game.
Green Peppers. 25©50c per, box for Chill and 40
©rfiOc for Bell: Dried Peppers. Sg>10c; Carrots, 25
@35c per sack: Summer Squash, 20@30c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 15@30c for Alameda; Pickles,"
$1' per ; ctl' for No.l and 50c for. No. 2; Garlic.". 2
©3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@13 per ton.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlkh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-five minutes* later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide la the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 9.
Sun rises ....5:13
Sun sets 7:VJ
Moon sets 3:43 a. xn.
NOTE — In . the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and - the successive tides of t !;-s
day in the crder of occurrence as to time. T»*
second time column gives the second ttdev *•
the -day. tn« third time column the . third ¦¦ 4-i'
and; the last or right hand column ittv^-- 1
last tide' of the day. except when there ar% -l*c
three tides,'" as sometimes occurs. The height*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL.
August 8. 1500. •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
o'clock P. «.. Greenwich Ume.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
000. Including ; 2000 '.'Westerns ; and ' " s 600 Texans.
Natives and active; strong;, to : 10c
higher; natives, steady' to strong; steers, 1 good
to. prime,' $5 L0!g6 CO; poor to 4 . medium, '.$4 75®
5 40: --selected > feeders. ¦• steady, < $4©4 75; -. mixed
stockers," slow,- $S(g3 75:"cows., $3®4 50; heifers,.
$3 20@5: h bulls, • steady,' ;$2 60"S4 50: •„-. canners.
weak, $2 20fi2 75; calves, strong, $5®6 70; Texas
fed ; . steers, • $4 30@5 30/-* ; . '..--¦'. \ c
r. HOGS— Receipts, 22,000; to-morrow, 20,000: . left
over, "j 3500. : Market ¦ opened ' 5c * higher, i' closed
easier. ¦: Top."; $5 f.0@5 ol\i:< mixed and* butchers",.
$5 20fiT5 57%;, good to choice,, heavy,' $3 20ig527%:
rough. ?hea.vy.-;»5©5 15; Might,' ?5 20@5 57%;. bulk
of- sales. 1 , $3 30(fi3 45. 1 ,:- '' - .: -
SHEEP— Receipts. : 14,000. Sheep. . weak . to . 10c
lower;'lambs," strong; good to choice wethers.
, ; CHICAGO. .
CHICAGO, Au£.' ; S.-^ATTLE— Receipts. 15,-
Eastern Livestock : (Market.
# ___ — , £
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— Earl Fruit Co. sales
California ,fruit:
Grapes— Malagas, 90c@$l 10 /single crates;
Clusters, $1 25@1 45. Pears— Bartletts, $1 10@$2
box. Peaches — Brandywlne.' 70©90c box :< Craw
ford Cling, | 60@85c: - Late Crawfords, I 50c® $1 10;
Susquehanna, ¦ 60© 90c. . Plums— Yellow Egg,
$105^130 Blngle crates; Kelsey Japans, $1 05®
120. Prunes— Gros," $1 1501 40. single crates.
: Porter Brothers Co. sales:
Pears — liartlett, 90c@$2 box and R0c@$l 05 half
box. Plums — Quackenbos, $120; Golden . Drops,
$1; Wickson. $1 05; Yellow E^k. $1 1001 23; Dia
mond. $1 1001 15; . P. D., $1 05; Columbia. . 80®
85c; Mclaughlin. 90c; Bradshaw, S0@S5c; Honey
Dew. 40<fi'95c: Green . Gatre. 40c. Prunes — Gros.
$1 10@l 60; Hungarian. $1 40; Bulgarian, $1 36;
Sliver,- $1 15@1 20; German, $1 10@I 15; Tragedy.
$1 10. Twenty cars fruit sold to-day. ;
'CHICAGO. Aug. 8.— Porter Brothers Co.' sales
California fruit: .:^sAtamfmmmgstmiig^^i^Kgm^i
•Pears — Bartletts. 90cS$l 70 box' and' 50<ff80e
half box; Ueurre Hardy, $1 15@1 20 box. Plums
— Mooney, $1 40; .Yellow Epg. 15c@$l 40; Wick
son. Jl 15: Kelsey. $1 10©l 15: Bradshaw, 90e<3
$1; Columbia, $1 15@1 25: Imperial, $1 20; Quack
enbos, $1 60; McLaughlln.- 70c; Satauraa, 40c.
Prunes— Bulgarian, • $1 40iJl 60; ; Hungarian, 85c
®$1 35; Gros, $1 0501 60 ;; Italian,- $1 20@l 25: Sil
ver, : 55cfi$l 25; ; Germans. $1@1 30. Peaches— :
Crawfords, 90c: Mary's Choice,' 85(S^0c: Fosters,
65c. Grapes — Red Tremanla, < 70cffi$l 30 .,' single
crate: Malagas, 60(PS0c: : Clusters, 70c
Earl Fruit Co. : sales: .- '-.<\, -.-
Grapes— Malagas, 70S95c single crates; Clus
ters," average,' $1 58.".. Pears — Bartletts, ¦ $1 15©
1 74. , * Peaches— Early ,. Crawf ords, average, $1
box;: Elbertaa, * 8o(S30c: Fosters, . average, •¦ 62c.
Prunes— Gros," $1 25@l 30 single crates. Thirteen
cars sold to-day. : '
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 1% ,. 6 2%
Closing 6 1% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 45 2180
Closing^ . . . V. ....... 20 45 21 75 .
Opening .'. 26 30 23 30
Closing .............'.. 26 33 28 25
* : — : — . ___ m.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 265,000 301.0CO
Corn, bushels 2i3,000 . 6S5.000
Oats, bushels 722,000 183.000
Rye, bushels 5,000
Barley, bushels 24,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 15©20c; Dairies,
14@17c. Cheese, dull, 9%@10?ic. Eggs, firm;
freeh. 12c. .
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, EOc<f?$l per sack.
SOc<g$l per crate for Berkeley and $1 1 23 for
Alameda: Green ' Peas, - 2$f3c per lb; -String
Beans.' 1^403: Llmas. 3@4c; - Cabbage, 40<K50c;
Tomatoes, River, 6oc®$l; Bay, $1@I 25; /Egg
Plant. 40(275c. per box; Green Okra, 35SG5c:
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; New, Early
Rose, 25©30c; Burbanks, 35ffC3c for Rivers and
65«7oc per ctl for Salinas; Sweets. 1&®1%c per
pound. .--..-- -• -":... .i
y ONION'S— Yellow,' fl5@S5c per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 65©75c.
Tomatoes are. weakening again, but the other
vegetables remain about, the same.
There is no noteworthy change in Potatoes
and Onions. - ¦¦¦'-¦ . ¦¦' r . . • . .
"SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Muitard. 4c; Flax. $2(32 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for Calif ornla and 4c for Eastern; . Alfalfa,
nominal: - Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timo
thy.' 4®4%C. • ; "
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. nominal; Green, -$2 25®
2 50 per ctl: Blackeye. f $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 6S@2 73: Small White. $3 40
@3 60; large White. , ; $2 60®2 75; Pink, $2@2 85;
Red, $3 2503 50: Blackeye, $3 50; Lima, $5 30®
6 40- Pea, nominal; Red Kidneys, $4@4 50.
Beans and Seeds.
BRAN— $12S?12 50 per ton. - -
MIDDLINGS— $16@19 per ton. . . ,:-.,_.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50(323: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal,
$26 50: Cracked Corn, $27: Mixed Feed, $13 IO<SU.
HAY— Volunteer, $4 5006 50; Wheat, $10«il2;
Wheat and Oat, $3 50<511 SO; Oata, $S<310: Clover,
$406; Alfalfa, $SS 7 50; Barley, $6 ofrgS 50 per
ton. ¦¦'¦¦'¦ '¦¦'.
BTRAW— 2S@40c per bale.
Hay is steadier, as receipts have been rather
more moderate of late and dealers look for a
better market in the near future.
Dealers quote lower prices for Bran and
Middlings. There were heavy receipts of Bran
from Oregon.
Hay and Fccdstu ffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 60@3 73.
usual terma; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15©3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern. $1 75@
5 75 per barrel. • »
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 pei 1 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75; extra cream
do $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $3 50*33 75:
Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25: ; Cracked Wheat.
$3 60- Farina, $4 50; Whole 'Wheat Flour, $3 25:
Rolled Oats (barrels), $8J?7 25: In sacks, $5 75
©7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
7SHc: 2000, 79Uc.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continues dull and fea
tureless, though holders are as firm as ever.
White, $110@135; Surprise, ?1 35@1 40; Red.
$1 1001 22%: Gray. $1 10@l 20: Black. $1 07%@
1 22% per ctl: off grades of all kinds. $1'91 07%.
CORN — The market continues dull and weak,
with a further shading In the local product.
Eastern, $1 10@l 17%; California Large Yellow,
$1 17%©1 lS?i per ctl: White. $1 17H01 1S%;
Small Round Yellow. $1 17%©1 20. -./;»-
RYE— 9O@03%c per ctL
' BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Paris continues to advance on re
ports of damage to the French crop. Liverpool
stood about the same. The condition of the
British crops is about a point better, in spite
ot reports of bad weather.
Chicago declined about a cent, with dull mar
kets reported from all American points. A mil
lion bushels was taken for export on Tuesday.
The weather in the corn belt waa reported hot
and dry.
Local futures were lower In sympathy with
Chicago, but spot quotations were unchanged.
Snot Wheat— Shipping. $103%; Milling. »1 05
©l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 Ctls. $1 12%: 4000, $1 13. May-2000, $1 18^4.
Second Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 12%.
Regular Horning Session — December — 1000 ctls.
$1 12V4: 8000, $1 12%:SOOO, $1 12Vi: lO.OOO. tl 12Vi.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 11%;
6000. $1 11%; 6000. $1 11%; . 2000. $1 lift; 6000.
$1 11%.
BARLEY— Futures were lower, but spot feed
was quoted a fraction higher, 'with sales at the
top quotation.
Feed, 77%'@7S?ic for No. 1 and 7O#75c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 82%®
87%c; Chevalier, nominal.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 14 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — i th
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12>4
Fine Silver, per ounce — • 60?»
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 46%
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
% — %
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— Wheat-traders were not
looking for lower cables to-day, following the
sharp advance yesterday in this market, and
when Liverpool reported a decline of IVid j the
effect was marked. Opening prices in Septem
ber showed a decline of 1 ,44f%cand another good
sized fraction was knocked off the price before
the session had progressed very far. Liverpool
reported the decline there was due to improved
weather conditions in England. As there were
no especially bullish features to the domestic
conditions, as the weather was too . hot for
traders to take much Interest, the market, after
the first half hour, degenerated Into a skirmish
between' scalpers, with a perceptible under
current In favor of the selling side. What
little support the market did receive waa chief
ly from local traders, outside interest being ap
parently entirely absent, and the market ruled
heavy until the last hour's trading, when lt be
came really weak. Selling pressure by those
who were on tfre buying side yesterday became
heavier, while there was no increase in the de
mand. Following the* opening decline to 75% tj
75?»e, • September eased off to 75^4®75%c. It re
covered slowly to 7Cc, which price was reached
in one or two minor transactions, and then
gradually declined until shortly before the close
the market touched 75Uc. The close was heavy
at 75%c.
Corn was dull and heavy for most of the ses
sion. September closed %@"ic lower at 37*ic .
Oats were dull, but comparatively steady in
view of the weakness in other grain markets.
September closed Hie lower at 21%c.
Provisions were almost at a standstill. The
grain weakness had some effect early, causing
.enough local selltnc to depress prlees a little all
around. Packers were lair buyers against cash
Kales, all reporting a good cash demand for
meats. At the close September pork was 10c
lower, lard 2ijc lower and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 75% 73»i ¦ 74% 74%
September 75% * 76 75U 75%
October 76H 76% 76H 76U
Corn No. 2—
August 3S% 3S% 37% 37»i
September 3S\4 SSVi 37% 37%
October 37H 37H 37 37&
Oats No. 2—
August 21»' s 21% 21H 21%
September 22 22 21% 21»i
October ............ 22*4 22U 22 22 .
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 1185. US5 1175 11 77H
October ...-. 11 S5 11 S5 1180 1180
Lard, per 100 pounds—
September 6 85 6 S5 6 SO 6 S2H
October 6 87^4 6 S7H 6 85 6 S7H
January 6 70 6 70 6 67*4 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 15 7 13 7 mi 7 15
October 7 15 7 15 7 07% 7 10
January 6 07j£ 6 10 6 07% 6 10
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 63@73c; No.
2 red, 75@77c; N6. 2 corn. 39c; No. 2 white. 23%
@2U4c;.No. 3 white. 23%@24%c; No. 2 rye, 43%c;
fair to choice malting barley, 37@43c; No. 1 flax
seed. $132: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 32" j: prime
timothy seed, $3 20Q3 25; mess pork,' per barrel,
$11 7S@11 SO; lard, per 100 pounds, J6 8006 82%;
short ribs cities (loose), $7 10^7 40; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), C%@7c: short clear sides
(boxed), $7 65Q7 "0; whisky, basis of • high
wines, $1 23V6: clover," contract grade, old, *S 40;
new, J9.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. S.— The stock market to
day was duller than yesterday and the move
ment of prices was trivial and insignificant
without an Important exception. The room
traders sold stocks in the morning, impelled,
apparently, by- the report of. heavy gold ship
ments to be exported. Estimates were put out
that the amount of shipments to-day and to
morrow would amount up to over $7,000,000.
When lt was seen that the total would not ex
ceed $3,300,000, the room shorts covered. The
market closed practically lifeless, near to the
last nisht level. There was the usual profes
sional dealing in Sugar and Brooklyn Transit,
the latter suffering from the delay in the pub
lication of the annual report, which had been
promised at 'various times. The large Amer
ican subscriptions to the new British exchequer
bonds continued to absorb a large I amount of
discussion and surmise in Wall street. As an
evidence of the large resources of capital avail
able to the country, the Incident was generally
accepted as a subject for national congratula
tion, but as an evidence of the acute pressure to
which the London money market is being eub-
Jectetf and the possible results on the world at
large of this condition, it was not regarded as re
assuring. It Is evident from the public criti
cism in England of the' large allotment made
to the United States and the apologetic tone of
the explanation to Parliament by the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer, that the policy adopted
was forced by money conditions which might
almost be classed as embarrassing. . There is
evidence of some special provision entered into
with the "leadlns Anglo-American houses In
London," to which was allotted half of the is
nie, to Insure shipments of gold In payment.
The relief thus afforded to the London market
will thus be more direct, but in the last
analysis the stringency of money in London In
sured an ultimate movement of cold.
TJie real cause looming big behind the move
ment of gold is the expenditure and appropria
tions for war shown by the efforts to replenish
the national treasury chests. To-morrow's
shipments of gold to Paris show that that center
is still in competition with London for the
precious metal and the piling up of reserves by
the Bank of France Is now commonly accepted
as a preparation for a pending Russian loan,
said to amount to $200,000,000. The news of the
renewed attack on the legations in Peking, the
progress of hostilities involved In the march on
Peking and the language of the Queen's ad
dreps In proroguing Parliament, all gave force
to these considerations and contributed to the
profound dullness of speculation in securities,
not only In New York, but In all the great
financial markets.
Bonds were neglected and Irregular, Total
sales, par value, {S75.000. United States new
fours declined H and threes and old fours U In
the bid price. ,'
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhnrts CloRlntj
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2.150 Atchison 26%
7.915 Atchleon prfd •'.....".... 70
1,710 Baltimore & Ohio .' 74>,i
i 400 Canadian Pacific :J:nr..rrv;:. gc^
Canada Southern .......' 48«£
140 Chesapeake & Ohio 27H
Chicago Great Western 10%
2.950 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 126ft
UO Chicago Ind & I/julsvllle 21$
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 33
Chicago & Northwestern .....1571$
2,970 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific.. ...106»i
100 C C C & St Liuis.......... 58i,4
... Colorado Southern....... 6^4
Colorado Southern 1st prefd.. 41>i
]£5 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
125 l>elaware & Hudson in •
."."..... Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 176
Denver & Rio Grande ; 18H
Denver & Rio Grande prefd.......... C7
... Erie 10%
220 Erie 1st prefd .". 32Vi
W0 Great Northern prefd. .....'.:. :.~...... 152
....... Hocking Coal .;... V.. ...:.. 1314
] Hocking Valley S4 ¦
- 300 Illinois Central .116>!J
10O Iowa Central ;....-;. l<>
I 10O Iowa Central prefd;..".."....... 42'
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf..;.....-135{
Lake Erie ft -Western ..:..: 2CV»
Lake Krte & Western prefd.; W
....... I^ake Shore .2t'j
100 Louisville & Nashville 71
750 Manhattan .Elevated ." i9%
2,900 Metropolitan' Street Railway ........153
...Mexican Central '.;.......- .: . nu
100 Minneapolis & St Louis ».....;..;, £6
JBWMBHHIWmiiHMtHlWii' ' \ '<'(' f mii'Mm^mwHI
Condition of Trade.
"Trade was good also in several other direc
tions. The sale of a car of new crop white
nectarines in bass was reported at 5'£c f. o. b.
on the coast. Some business was done also lii
seeded raisins en a basis of SV^c for three
orown and 7»»c for two-crown." The buyers
T.-ere Jobbers.
"Future apples were legs active, but the mar
ket was higher. The eale of one car for Oc
tober-November delivery was reported at 4%c
Offerings were mostly at 4^c. and the market
generally was steady." •
"Cables from Greece yesterday quoted th«»
market on currants there at 25e, cr equal to
about 7»kC. cost to Import to this country. The
Greek market al*o was said to be very strong
end advancing, and In sympathy with these
advices and partly because of sales here the
price was advanced to 7 l-16S7«4c. Sales of
ercund 200 bbls were reported during the dav,
the first 100 bbls at 6 l.'-lCc. Most of the goods
went to out-of-town buyers.
•Trade in new crop apricots was very ac
tive a^ain yesterday, pales amounting to a con
siderable number of cars. The market here is
very strong. " and coast advices tell of an ad
vance In Southern as well as VaeavIUe cots of
from %c to He Sales were reported here on a
bapls cf 7^c i. c, b. for chnice Royals In ba«s,
fee f. o. b. for fancy Royals In bags and S»*c
for fancy Northern In boxes. There are Indica
tions that prices may go higher.
The Kew Tork Commercial says
Nav York Dried Fruit Market.
The steamer Alameda sailed yesterday for
Au5tralia with a cer.eral cargo, valued at
1111,123, manifested as follows: For Australia,
SG5.3T*; for New Zealand. S37.C35; for South Sea
Islands, $SI2S. The principal shipments 'were as
lollowe:
For Australia— DO cs- fruit, C9 cs boots and
choes, 230 bdls brocmhandles. 455 cs canned
goods, t. bbls 1*22 cs codfish. €131' lbs coffee. 23
cs confectionery. 9^1 bxs 75.175 lbs dried fruit.
1C21 pkgs millwork, 23 cs drj'goods, 37 bales
hose, 10 rolls leather. C2 cs machinery, iz cs
oil. 100 crs onions, 127 cs paint, C92 rolls paper.
Cl pkgs phonographs, 21 eg printing material,
C>? lbs seed. £5 bbls ehrlxspe. 14 pkgs saddlery,
14 cs soap, 14 cs whisky. €50 cs rolled oats, 45
cs salmon, 750 gals whale oil. 14 cs photo goods,
E cs assaying poods, 8 bdls pipe, 7 crs lawn
mowers. In trar.sit. £0 cs drugs. Valued at
For New Zealand — 3O0 bxs fruit, 22 crs bicy
cles. 30 b£ls broom corn, 16S1 cs canned goods,
14 pkfrs codfish. MO lbs chocolate, 1100 bxs 28,172
lbs dried fruit. U cs drugs. SO bbls hops, 42
pkgs machinery. 431 cs metal polish. 12 cs mill
ftuJTs. 750 crs cnlons. ! 3C9 rolls paper. 8 cs
printing material. 49 bxs raisins. 2 bbls 740 cs
ealmon. 5 cs poap. Zi cs 127 gals wine, 00 pKgs
Leer, W33 ft lumber. 7:^9 lbs coffee. In transit,
i cs drugs. Valued at $323.
For South Sea Islands — 111 cs canned goods,
125 pkgrs dried fruit. 1*. cs fruit, 12 bales bags,
T4.0&0 lbs bread. 340 lbs coffee, 63 cs flour, 216
pkgs groceries and provisions. 12 cs hardware,
10 cs coal oil. H cs millstuffs, 11 crs onions, 46
eks potatoes. 2000 Ihs rice, 421 cs salmon. 6 cs
whisky. 4 cs varnish. 216 crs building material.
Merchandise for Australia.
In aflSJtion to carpo previously reported the
Curacao, which sailed Tuesday, carried the fol
lowing merchandise, valued at {16.176:
1€4 pk^s hardware, 6 bales hose, 175 pkgs ma
chinery. S3 bdls iron, 22 chests tea, 3C0 bxs
paste, 43 ca oil, 20 bxs raisins, H bdls paper,
i* pkgs household goods. 1241 lbs bread. 24
colls cordage. fet70 lbs eoda, C44 bdls shocks. 10
diTia acid. 30 j-kk* glassware, 106 pkgs vege
tables, 172 Eks potatoes, £1 pkKS fruit, 33 pkgs
agricultural implements, 17 cs dry poods, 10 cs
drugs. 20 cs firecrackers. 227 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 6 pkgs milUtuffs. 20 eks beans. 166
; kf.-s produce. 22 cs starch. Cl cs canned goods,
7 cs powder, IS pkgs dried fruit, 6 bdls spices,
7 cs mineral water. £5,000 ft lumber, 21 cs
paint. 20 cs salmon, 10 cs liquors, 2300 lbs lard,
SO b<Jls shingles, 10 cr millwork. 10 pkgs beer,
77-*. lbs coffee. 230 cs coal ell. 4 cs 1717 gals
wine.
An Additional Manifest.
Charters.
Tfce Ancle M. Campbell loads lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu; the Kate Fllckinger,
lumber a.t Tacoir.a for Maczanlllo. •
Barley Shipment.
The British ship Largo Lew cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders, with £4,613 ctls
barley, valued at K3.422.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first eeven months of the year were {12^995.C35,
ajralr.st I13,217,CS1 during the same time in 1SS9.
the leading descriptions being as follows: SJ1
ver bullion, J2.7S7.342: Mexican dollars, J3.783.
578; silver coin. J301,fSO; gold coin, J3,C67,77S;
currency and bonds. S2.404.2S7.
The leading destinations were: China. $6,5S7,-
SCS; Honolulu, {33L700; New York, $5,969,512.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports # cash
en hand July 21 as follows:
Vnlted States notes $423,922 00
Treasury notes of 1S80 67.234 00
National bank notes 10.930 00
Gold certinca:es 013,940 CO
Silver certificates 1.309.53S 00
Gold coin 2S.762.341 37
Standard diver dollars 21,707.266 00
siher coin 105,144 55
Minor coin 13,105 SI
Coupons 272 60
Uitce:ianeous 264 55
Total I63.0C5.95S 9S
Shipments of fllver coin from the same of
fice for the month of Ju!y were &s follows:
Standard silver dollar« J11S.0O0 00
Subsidiary sliver 1S0.340 00
Tctal $305,340 CO
Cloudy weather, with rain and thunder
storms, is reported from 'Washington. Oregon,
Western Montana and Idaho. A rainfall of
1.24 Inches is reported from Portland. The
weather over Arizona is also cloudy and
threatening.
The pressure has fallen over Montana and
risen over the eastern portions of Washington
and Oregon. Idaho and Nevada.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 10
degrees over the northern plateau region.
Conditions are favorable for thunderstorms
and showers in Northern Nevada and Utah
Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 9. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
weet wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday: fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Generally cloudy, with thunder
storms Thursday.
Utah — Generally cloudy Thursday, probably
with thunderstorms; cooler.
Arizona — Generally cloudy, with thunder
etorms Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 8, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka <T Los Angeles ' 72
Fresno ¥6 Sacramento S6
Mount Tamalpais.. .. Independence 84
Red Bluff 8C=an Diego 6S
Pan Luis Obispo 70
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum, £0; mean. £8.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
"There Is an abundance of money seeking in
vestment. At present this Is not going Into
either bonds or stocks; but both Investment
and speculative buyers are waiting until tha
market develops more visible strength. The
reasons for anticipating a better market later
on are plentiful and sound. The most serious
Impediment to speculative operations has been
the Chinese situation. Fears that serious for
eign entanglements of some sort might arise
which would derange the foreign money mar
kets, draw gold from New York and send back
American securities, very naturally deterred
anv upward movement In this market. Other
retarding influences have been the crop uncer
tainties and the signs of trade reaction shown
by declining prices and curtailed production in
the iron and textile trades. Election doubts
have not been a factor worth notice thus far."
wonderfully good results, when lt Is remem
bered they compare with two phenomenal
years. Such gains cannot always be expected.
At the same time expenses are often increas
ing very heavily; hence unreasonable expecta
tions of extra dividends are likely to meet with
disappointment. A number of roads have late
ly increased or paid their first dividends, and
this fact has proved the strongest support
which the market has had. There are a num
ber of 4 per cent dividend payers with perma
nent prospects, which are likely to sell at con
siderably higher figures when the Investment
demand again sets in. A good many buyers
are holding oft for lower prices, who may at
any time be obliged to shift their position.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 8-4 p. m.
Eld. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 0» WiJustlcs 07 03
Alta 01 05 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 11 12! Lady Wash .... 02 —
Belcher IS 20! Mexican 17 H
Best & Belcher 20 J2 . Occidental 07 03
Bullion 04 OS'Ophlr 70 71
Caledonia 72 ~8 Overman ft* 11
Chollar 14 15 Potosi 14 13
Challenge Con.. 23 23 Savage 13 14
Confidence 94 98 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 £3 Seg Belcher 03 ©4
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra N?vada~ 2» 2j
Con New York. — 03 Hilver H1U 57 5J
Eureka Con.... — 50 Ft Louis 14 —
Crown Point... 14 15 Standard 4 50 4 .j
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate yj —
Gould & Curry 1« lS.Union Con S **
Hale & Norc... 21 23 Utah 08 09
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 31 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. S-2 p. m.
4s do cp new..i:;^i2^ iPac Q aa *."••• ° f° t ,
6s quar ; coup.. 109 * U o Kc £ a Co Imp " 7T 51t ->
Miscellaneous— . c ac virl'vH-' i- ~ k
Cal-st Cab 5s..lW4 _ g^ o"!*^ 0 - 5,! T... f
C C Water 5s..l%J? _ fan Fra^£™' -* ?£.'
Ed L & P ls.127? - ithotp?; in 8Vf
v * (-1 rtv <¦ 11- 'i*n u * e Co 10 ¦—
WiM 1 :s& -
X A RT"h""l?UM AR S'"-Cal Ltd. «6H 79
LA Lt Co 6s. — — <- a i s D & t 104U —
Do gntd U.. — — First Vationl ?-.
L A gntd 5a.. 10O - iLon P i v mi* ~"
LAPRR5S. - - ! Merchants' 'Ex 13 _
MarJcet-st 6s... - 128'i N>v Nat rk
118 *- I S^I^ Banks- ~
N C N O R 7s. — — 'n«r S & L ISM —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Hum 8 & fV _ Z
Do 5s — 113'i Mut Sr»v Bit ' 43 —
XPCRR 83.101 - S F Sav U. 503 _
Do 5s 106 107 !Sav & L So . 71 n
N Cal Ry 5s..lll'i — Sec Sav Ek.... _ _
Oak O L & H.111 112 'Union T Co — _
Oak Tran Cs.. 116^117' ji Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 5s.. — 103 California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co..l05*«108 Geary-st .. 50 _
Om C Ry «s..l27 123 Market-st 64 (3
P & Cl Ry 89.103'i — OSL&H — —
P & O R R 63.115 — Presidio — fit
Pcwell-^t R Ss.120 — Powder Stocks-
Sac El GAR.'.*. 93 1U ! California ....153 16^i
8 F & SJV5s.in«il2» ! 4J Giant Con Co. 8« S6%
S R of Cal 6s.lll llisivigorit 3»4 Z'l
B P of A 6s. .111 U1H Sjzar Stocks—
S P C 6s(19O5). - 111 Hana S P Co. 7^ -
Do (190«) .... — — Haw C & S Co S? —
Do (1912) 119«4 — Honokaa S Co. 30 3nti
?PRClst ctnSs. — — Hutch S P Co. 24% 25>i
S P Br 6s — 133H ; Ki!auea S PCo W\ —
S V Water 6s.. 113 — Makaweli s Co 44^ —
Do 4s 102H103 Onomea S Co. r^ —
Do 3d mtr.-102 — Paauhau S Co 30<^ SI
Stocktn Gas *a *>H — MlfcellaniKius —
Water Stocks— Al Pack As3n.llS —
Contra Costa.. 67 *7H Cal Fruit Assn 97% —
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex As«n. 97 1OT
Spring Valley. — 94?»! Oceanic S Co.. — 92"i
Gas & Electric — (Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G A L Co — — Pac C Bor CottO —
Cent L & P Co - 414 5^1 Tar Paint Co.. 13 —
Mornlnz Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 120 00
2 Bank of California 410 50
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 3-)
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 85 87H
23 Giant Powder Con 86 73
10 Giant Powder Con 86 50
E0 Honokaa S Co 30 0O .
13 Hutchtnson S P Co 23 00 I
25 Makaweli 44 J» \
45 Spring Valley Water 94 73
J20OO. S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mortgage). ir>7 75
$1500 U S 3 per cent bonds, cash 109 25
Street— • »
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 113 73
$5000 S V 4 per cent, bonds <2d mortgage). 102 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water (7 23
105 Contra Costa Water 87 5")
20,Hutchlnson S P Co 23 00
100 Makaweli 44 50
f5 San Francisco Gas & Klectrlc Co 53 0>>
160 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 63 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session. "
Board —
100 Home Oil 4(0
MINING STOCKS.
The following wer« the salea In tae San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: '
Msrnine Session,
600 Belcher 2Of 400 Hale & Norc... 24
900 Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophlr 70
1C0 Challenge ...... 26 200 Savage 14
6C0 Chollar 15 600 Sierra Nevada. 25
2C0 Chollar 14 300 Silver Hill 5«
200 Con Cal & Va..l 501 400 Union Con 23
10O Crown Point 171 60O Utah 09
200 Crown Point 16 1 &CO Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Gould & Curry 13 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
400 Gouid & Curry IS
Afternoon Session.
E0O Andes 10! 100 Ophir 73
500 Best & Belcher 21 200 Potost U
300 Bullion 04|3COPotosI 15
10O Challenge 26- 300 Savage 14
300 Chcllar 14 100 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Crown Point 131 500 Silver Hill 18
200 Gould & Curry 17; 10O Utah 09
800 Hale & Norc... 24| 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Mexican .'.*.... 17! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
100 Mexican 19!
The following were the sales in the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. j_
100 Best & Belcher 211 400 Potosi ¦•*•
300 Best & Belcher 22 300 Savage 147
150 Con Call & Va..l 50 3CO Silver Hill ad
110O Mexican 14| 4CO Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Ophir 63 3C0 Yellow Jacket.. 32
600 Overman 10' 2C0 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Afternoon Session.
B50 Andes Ill 500 Ophir 79
300 Crown Point 15 1 400 Sierra Nevada.. 23
500 Gould & Curry 17j 400 St Louis U
10O Gould & Curry 16 2C0 St Louis 13
> 600 Mexican 13 200 Union Con 22
200 Mexican is: 200 Union Con 21
There was a moderate business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange. Makawe'l
GS^er^-^^---^S
The oil stocks were dull and ifeaturelass.
Beans and Seeds goimnal and neglected.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry market still oversupplicd and dull.
Butter advanced. Cheese and Eggs in good supply.
Melons continue in oversupply and zveak.
Peaches and Pears steady on canning account.
Prices for new Prunes daily expected.
Provisions dull, but firmly held.
Tallow firm under a demand for Germany
Meat market shows no change. £
Coffee steady with a good business.
Mexican Limes lower. ' &
Slight decline in Silver. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay shows steadier signs. Bran and Middlings lower.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Boston Wool Market.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— To-day's statements
of the Treasury balances in ¦ the general 1 fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, c hows : /Available cash
balances, $146,647, tJ20; sold. $72,178,973.
Condition : of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, . Aug. 8.— Money on call, steady
at VA per cent. Prime mercantile paper, ¦ 4®5
per cent. Sterling. exchange, steady, with ac
tual, business in bankers" bills at J4 6SH for
demand and at" U 84U for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 85^4 &5M and. $4 89; commercial bills.
14 83%. Silver certificates. 61@€2V4c ; Bar sil
ver. 60T»c Mexican dollars. - 4SV&C. Govern
ment bonds, weak ; State : bonds, steady; rail
road bonds, Irregular.
Nezu York Money Market,
Business was not Increased In the markets
here to-day, but the tone : was more cheerful
on • the expectation of cheaper : money in the
Immediate future. Later prices went off. Amer
icans were featureless and changes fractional.
Tlntos reacted. Call money was up on prepar
ations to pay the first Installment on the war
loans. - - - - . .: ¦
The July trade returns •' show Imports.-in
creased 8 per cent, exports 6.8; the -latter be
ing almost entirely in coal. . \\. '
The bank bought £27.000 in cold bars and
lost £25.000 to South America. . There is con
siderable Irritation. here .because of the large
part of the exchequer bonds allotted to Amer
ica.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— Atchison, 27*4: Canadian
Pacific, 98V«; Union Pacific preferred, 7714;
Northern Pacific preferred, 43; Grand Trunk,
6^4; Anaconda, 8%. Bar Silver, quiet,. 23d per
ounce. Money. 3H@4 per cent. '
NEW TORK. Aug. 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
•••-••• Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 92U
3,600 Missouri Pacific, ..50',,
' Mobile & Ohio 3S
'• Missouri Kansas & Texas 9»4
. 900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30
New Jersey Central ......129^
415 New York Central .". ............12SVi
.. S20 Norfolk & Western 33%
524 Norfolk & Western prefd 77 •
2.JKM Northern Pacific 57^
Northern Pacific prefd 71'A
650 Ontario & Western 20?i
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd.... 76
SoO Pennsylvania 128!£
Heading 18 r ;g
1,610 Readius 1st prerd .;. 58?i
600 Reading 2d pr^fd ; 2S .
Rio Grande Western v . h9\i
Rio Grande Western prefd ..tt:...'.. 90
100 St Louis & San Fran 9%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd...... 67
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33%
St Louis Southwestern , 10^
St Louis Southwestern prefd Ee 1^
2.125 St Paul .....1U<Z
Et Paul prefd .'.... ...170
St Paul & Omaha ./...... ....105
1,015 Southern Pacific ; 33^J
210 Southern Railway io',i
£00 Southern Railway prefd S2%
110 Texas & Pacific 1414
9,182 Union Pacific 59);
SCO; Union Pacific prefd 75^i
' Wabash 6%
Wabaah prefd ,. l"* t
'•••»;A Wheelln S & Lake Erie $%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd .... 23»;
100 Wirconsln Central ; 13'
Third Avenue 109
Express Companies —
Adams ..; 125
..' American 155
United States 43
Wells-Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
110 American Cotton Oil 33VJ
American Cotton Oil prefd SSH
i American Malting 3i|
150 American Malting prefd...-. 19Va
100 American Smelting & Refng 36V 4
410 American Smelting & Refng prefd. SSH
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop ...18%
American Steel Hoop prefd C6
450 American Steel & Wire 33%
American Steel & Wire prefd 73
220 American Tin Plate 22?i
.i American Tin Plate prefd 76 •
2.SS2 American Tobacco 'J3H
American Tobacco prefd ....128
225 Anaconda Mining Co 44^i
17.0S5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ?»... ij%
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 35%
2.010 Continental Tobacco 23%
9."0 Continental Tobacco prefd 77
J.C50 Federal Steel 33
Federal Steel prefd 65Vs
100 General Electric 131
450 Glucose Sugar S3^i
Glucose Sugar prefd 99^?
¦ 100 International Paper 22-%
100 International Paper prefd Co
Laclede Gas ." 74
COO National Biscuit 31Vi
National Biscuit prerd 86
National Lead 19%
590 National Lead prefd Su?i
National Steel 24
114 National Steel prefd S3&
New York Air Brake 131
300 North American Y/
Pacific Coast E>
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S6
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
100 Pacific Mall 31
1,350 People's Gas 88%
310 Pressed Steel Car... 40
Pressed Steel Car prefd 71 -
1.S25 Pullman Palace Car 186V4
Standard Rope & Twine. 5
14,010 Sugar > 121%
Sugar prefd 116
923 Tennessee Coal & Iron C9"4
SS5 United States Leather... 10'i
United States Leather prefd... 6>>Vi
11,715 United States Rubber 23
United States Rubber prefd 93
370 Western Union 79H
100. Republic Iron-& Steel Co 9\i
630 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 50%
P C C & St Louis... 53
114,000 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref (when M K & T 2ds 66H
issued), reg 103% M K & T 4s »»»
U S 2s ref (when N Y Cent lsts lOS'A
Issued), coup.. ...103% N J Cent sen 5s. ...122
U S 2s reg 100 N Pacific 3s.. C5>£
'U S 3s reg ..103 N Pacific 4s ....104
U S 3s coup 109 X V C & S £. 4S..107V*
U S new 4s reg....l32Vi N T & W con 4s. ... v S7- B
U S new 4s coup. .132'/* Or Nav lsts........ 109 i
U S old 4s reg 114!; Or Nav 4s .'....102^
U S eld 4s coup...ll4» 4 Or Short Line Cs..l25
U S 5s reg 112»<, Or S Line con 5s...ll2 7 «
U S 5s coup 112>i Heading Gen 4s S7%
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. .122 R G W lsts.. 9SVi
Atchlson gen 4s... 101 S L & I M con Es.llO l ,i
Atchlson adj 4s 84«4 » L & S F ten 6s. .122
Canada So 2de 107H St Paul cons 167
Ches & Ohio *%&... 99^ S"P C & P lsts 117
Ches & Ohio 5s.,..116>ij S P C & P Es 119
C & NW con 7S...140 So Pacific 4s 79
C & NWSFdeb is. 122 So Railway 5s 10SU
Chgo Term 4s l'2>i Stand R & T 6s 69
Colo Southern 4s... S3 Tex & Pac lEts 112
D & R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac Ida D6
D & R G 4s 9Stf Union Pacific 4s. ...105%
Erie General 4s.... C9 Wabash Ista ......115
F W & D C lsts... 71V4 Wabash 2ds 101^4
General Elec 5s....ll6V4 West Shore 4s 112
Iowa Central lsts. .113*4 Wls Cent lsts 8&>4
K C P & G lsts 70 IVa Centuries 89%,
L & N Unl 4s SS'il
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ". 10'Ontarlo 6 00
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 65 '
Con Cal & Va 1 45|Plymouth OS
Deadwood 49 Quicksilver ........150
Gould & Curry.... M Quicksilver .prefd.. 6 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 22
Homestake 1.50 00 Standard .4 15
Iron Silver E0|UnIon Con 19
Mexican ;. 15|Yellow Jacket 2S
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific E9ti
Call loans 2@3 Union Land 2
Time loans 3<&4<& West End 93
Stocks — Westinghouss El.. 44%
A T & S F 26% Bonds-
A T & S F prefd.. 70 Atchison 4s 991,4
American Sugar... 121% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 64>4
Am Sufrar prefd. ..116 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone 143 Adventure 1 . 2V6 i
Boston & Albany.. 247 Allouez MIn Co.... 1
Boston Elevated.. .14314 Amalg Copper SS
Boston & Maine... .188 Atlantic 23
Chgo. Bur & Q 126U Boston & Mont 307
iKiminlon Coal 41 Butte & Boston Cl
Dom Coal prefd.. ..110 Calumet & Hecla..743
Federal Steel 32T4 'Centennial 17
Fed Steel prefd.... 65 IFranklln ........... 13% ;
Fitchburgr prefd.. ..136H IHumboldt .; ..25
Genrxul Electric. . 131% Osceola 6G
Gen Elec prefd 13S%|Parrot 42
Ed Elec 111 205 jQuincy ....135
Mexican Central... 11% I Santa Fe Copper.. 4«4
Mich Telephone.... 83 Tamarack ..........198
N E Gaa & Coke.. 14% Utah Mining.:..... 29%
Old Colony 203 Wlnona ¦ 3U
Old Dominion.. 18^4 j Wolverines 33^
Rubber 23 i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Whlle ! trading was not particularly active for
evaporated apples, the undertone was decidedly
firmer in sympathy with advances in the coun
try, but prices were not quotably higher.
State common quoted at 3®Cc; prime, 4«4@
5',£c; choice, 5^0<k:: fancy. 6?i®7c.
California dried fruits, dull and nominally
unchanged.
PRUNES— 3^-570.
APRICOTS— Royal, 11314c; Moorpark, 15®
17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6®0c.
DRIED FRUITS,
to get slightly better prices In some lines than
they - could . have obtained two : or . three ' weeks
ago. v. While the new lightweight season has not
started In as actively as some anticipated, . the
present ; season continues to . develop. In ." the
AVest,\.nptably In- Montana," there has been more
activity' in new. wools lately at firmer "prices.
The sales of the week amount to 2.341,600 pounds
domes'tlo" and 407,000 pounds' foreign, " as against
a total of 3,26S,£C0 for the previous week and
6,891,000 ; for .the corresponding' week last year.
- The sales since January, amount to SO.899,700
pounds, against 177.755,000 pounds for the cor
respondlng time last year. • HKSS
I New York Grain and Produce.
NEW : YORK. Aug. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,056 barrels; experts, 23S7 barrels. Sales, 6700
packages. The : market was again neglected
and steady without', quotable change.
WHEAT— Receipts, - 54,575 bushels; expcrt3.'
none; sales, 2,750,000 ¦ bushels futures; 720,000
bushels spot. Spot weak. No. 2 red. 79%c ele
vator and S2V&C I. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. S4%e t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
¦ MHo -f.: o. ,b. '¦afloat. Options opened easy
thrcueh the Influence of unexoectedly weak
English cables; afterward they sold off still
further aa a result of liquidation, small sea
board, clearances and lar^e new wheat arrivals
In the Northwest, closed weak at 't^^ic net
decline; ¦ March, SS'&SiXi 13-16c, closed Sj&bc;
September. SO^gsic, closed &u%c; December,
SSUl'->2 -15-16C. closed S2«ic
HOI'S — Quiet. ¦
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice. 9%c;
mild.' quiet; Cordova, nominal; futures closed
firm, 10(g'30 points net higher; total Bales, 26.250
baga, includlnc: September, $7 S0®-7 90; No
vember, $7 giQ-S; December. *S 05SS 10. .
SUGAR— Raw, eteady; ¦ fair reflnlnc, 4Vic;
centrifugal, SG test, 4 13-lGc; molasses sugar,
4c; refined, steady.
BUTTEK— Receipts, £300 packages; steady.
Creamery, 17© 20c; factory, il4S15%c.
\EGGS— Receipts, 10.311; steady. Western at
mark for average lots, ll(JX13Hc; Western, loss
Oft, 13Hc. . -..-¦-.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new. 8s
lid; do, old, 3s ll^d. Futures— Quiet; Septem
ber, 3s HHd; October, 3s ll%d; November. 4s.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4d; No. 1
California, 6s 3dJ76s 3V4d. Futures — Quiet; Sep
tember. Cs l»4d; December. 6s 2d.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 8.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
Standard California, fis 3d@6s 3Hd: wheat In
Parts, strong; flour In Paris, strong; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 0-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— Consols, 98%; Silver. 23d;
French rentes, lOOf 17^c; wheat cargoes on
passage, firm; No. 1 Standard California, 30s
9d: Walla Walla. 29s 3d; English country mar
kets, generally 6d dearer.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Aug. -8.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; Bluestem, 58c; Club, 66c.
WASHINGTON,
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 8.— Wheat steady at 55®
E5c for Walla Walla and Valley, 0S£55c for
Bluestem.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Aug. 8.— Clearings, $340,741; bal
ances, $54,208.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— The metal trade to
day was slow. generally, with a weak under
tone prevailing. Tin in London was £1 5e
iov/cr, and caused a decline of 30®35 points
here, with the snot market finally closing easy
In tone at $31 65iJ?31 S3. Plglron warrants were
weak and nominally quoted at $15 50. Lake
copper continued dull at $16 50. Lead also
ruled dull at $4 25 and spelter dull at $4 17H®
4 22%. The brokers' price for lead was $4 and
for copper J16 60.
Nczv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5300. Steady to lower.
Yearlings, J4 2O@4 50^*^vethers. $4@4 30; stock
sheep, J3 25@3 65; lambs, $4 50@5 30.
HOGS— Receipts, -8500. Shade higher. Heavy.
$5 15@5 25; mixed. $5 15@5 17V4: Usht, $5 100
5 17H: Pigs, $4 50I&5; bulk of sales, |5 15^5 \V&.
OMAHA, Aug. 8.-CATTLE— Receipts. 4700.
Steady to strong: native beef steers. Jt 30«j5 &):
Western steers, J4 2S@4 SO: Texas steers, $3 75@
4 25; " cows and heifers, 10@15c lower, $3@4 20;
canners, $1 60@2 75; stockers and feeders, $3 50
@4 65; calves, $3<§5 60: bulls, stags, etc., $2 90®
4 30.
OMAHA
HOGS— Receipts. 11,000. Opened strong to oc
higher; closed weak. Bulk of sales. $3 25®
5 32',4: heavy, $5 22%©5 35; packers. $5 22V4®
5 32^: mixed, $5 25'S'» 30; light, $5 12#@5 32^:
yorkers, $5 27HG5 3214; Pigs, $4 35@5 15.
SHEEP— Receipt.-, < 3000. Steady. Lambs,
$4 50@5 60; muttons, $304 25.
¦ KANSAS 'CITY, Aug. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
11,000. Opened -steady, to 10c lower. Native
steers. $4#5 70;. Texas steers, $2 75®5 15; Texas
cows,' $2 65S3 50; native cows and heifers. $1 75
@4 50; stockers and feeders, $3 23@4 60; bulls.
$2 75@'3 £5. ¦•„.".,
KANSAS . CITT.
$4 S0@4 45; fair to choice, mixed, $3 75@4 20;
Western sheep, $4 30@4 50; Texas sheep, $3 15®
a 20 : native ! lambs. • $4 15®5 65 ; Western lambs.
|4 75@5 50.
"Our last advices were dated July 7. A lar-e
business has been done during this Interval and
prices have materially improved, mainly for
good unwashed Salvador and all grades of
washed coffees of moderate value— say not above
14c. As In former Instances, the changes were
most marked , in the lowest-priced coffees the
demand and their scarcity driving them latter lv
to a premium as compared with those of higher
value and merit. Superior grades have also
sold quite freely, but without noticeable in
provement in quotations, being somewnat In
oyersupply and regarded by sellers and 'buyers
alike well sold at former rates. . * - ™
advance was inaugurated, of course bv
rising, prices for Brazil coffees in New York
""ifiSS! 11 ? a^ ut Jul £ w at 9%c for Rl ° *<>• i
and 10V4C for Santos No. 4. Since then they
have reacted %c per pound, closing steady, and
this market is consequently also easier com
pared with its top point, but only slightly so
"Brazil crop estimates have been Increasinr.
some houses there placing Rio and Santos to-
ES^f i 1 "i 333 - 000 to 9.0O0.IWO of bait" for
J^siftnS* ™ a J era * e option favors 3.WO.00O
to 8.2iO,OOO. The decrease in the world's visible
supply during July of only 23.000 bags may not
be accepted as wholly favorable, to selling in
terests. £&M|0l9nBagHPiWnp*aBi
: ¦ "First-hand I stock consUts of 634S bags Co^ta
Rica. 1444 Nicaragua; EiM Salvador. 13.611
i Guatemala and 1434 Mexican; in all 37 563 bags
as against 47.C68 bags same time last year.
Supplies in second and third hands are full."
\Ve o,uote: -~
Costa Rica— 14H©l5c for prime washed. 13»/U5
for gocd washed, 13H@14V»c ' for good to prime
•washed peaberry. 12H@13c for good »^ pr!m-«
peaberry.- 12@13 l ,ic for good to prime. lOHtniHc
for good current mixed with black beans. 10H®
mje for fair. 7%69l*c nominal for common to
ordinary. .
,«?^l vador ~ 11^® 14c to prime washed.
lO^sWiic for. fair. washed. 12',i©13\4c for good to
prime washed : peaberry. ll«4 ®n\ c for good to
prime semi-washed, 110ni,ic for * superior un
washed, 10%@llc for good preen unwashed. 11@
U/^n, 1 or KOOd • to " 8U Perior • unwashed peaberry,
• l*<fi9Hc nominal for common to ordinary. '
Nicaragua— 14G17HC for - prime to fancy
washed.. Utf®l3i5c for fair to strictly good
COFFEE — C. E. Blckford's circular gives the
receplts at this - port during the first seven
months of the year at 152,451 bags, against 157 -
715 during the same time last year. The sales
from first hands were 113,485 bags, against 105 -
647. The stock in first hands August 1 was 4l"
403 bags, against 50.039 last year. The world : s
visible supply August 1 was 5.817.561 bae<«
against 6,769.043. The circular says:
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, perlb, in 100-lb bags :- Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered.
5.S0c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry Granulated,
6.70c; Confectioners' A. 6.70c: Magnolia A.
5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c: barrels.
10c more: half-barrels, t 25c more; boxes. 60o
more;oO-lb bass, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or. Its equivalent. Dom
inos. half-barrels, 6.43c: boxes, 8.70c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $3: Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. J9: Co-operative Wall
send. $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$18 in Facks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3*45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand." , - ' . r
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $S C; Calcutta,
Grain Bags, Bftc: Wool Bags, 2S4®32%c: Fleece
Twine. 7V4c: Fruit Bags. 6V4©6%c for white and
8H®S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
There is nothing new to report.
I BEEF »S6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc: small. 9010c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "ttSSc; ewes, "S7%c per
'"lamb- Spring. 8M®9e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. R@6ttc for small. S^iffS^c
for medium and 6H@5%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5%<?5Kc; dressed Hogs. 8gSHc
San Francisco Meat Market.
Dealers are now quoting a firmer Tallow mar
ket, with a 1 good demand for German account.
Some large sales for future delivery are re
ported.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 9%c: medium. 8Hc: light. 814c: Cow
hides SHc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound. 15c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c* culls and brands, 12c: Sheepskins. Shear
llnz« •OfiSOc each: short Wool. 309500 each:
medium. 60<8S0c: lonf Wool. 90c®$l 10 each:
Horse Hides, salt. $2^2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium $1 tor small and 50c for colts: Horse
Hides dry, $1 JO * 0T large. $1 25 for medium,
SI for' small and 23<85Cc for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins.
30c- winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
m TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4g4^c per Ib; Xo.
2 3ffl3 1i c; grease, 2'@2*4c.
'WOOL— Spring cHj> is quotable as follows:
Vorthern free, 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12©
14?" Middle County, free. 14S16c: Middle COun
tv defective. 12#14c: Southern Mountain. 1J
months 1 . ll©12c: Southern Mouataln. free. 7
months' 10012c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
lfiiniTc: Nevada, lS®16c per lb.
Fall CUp-San Joaquln. 8®10c; do Lambs',
8lS IIOPS^Old^ nominal at 6®10c per lb; new.
io®i2c . *. ;
COTTOLEXE— One-half barrel, gftc: three
half-barrels. S%c: one tierce, 8*4c; two tierces.
8}4c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool mid Hops.
LARD- Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9\4c: 1Mb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, 10%c.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10>4c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12*40 for light. 13c
for extra light and 14V4c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hum, 13c: Mess Beef, |12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime
Pork, ImJ extra clear. $19; Mess, $15 SO; Smoked
Beef. 12Vs«?13c per lb.
Cured Meats are dull, but firmly held at the
advance.
Provisions.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompoon's fancy, per
Ib. 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per 1b, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8V£c; choice, 7Hc; standard, 8^c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
CC-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5Uc;
3-crotrn, 6»»c: 4-crown, 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; J-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, V 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8©10c for Standards and 9
©lie for softshells; new Almonds. UHWlTHc
for paper-shell. 9%@10Hc for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell: Peanuts, 5ig6'4c for Eastern and
6®6c for California; Brazil Nuts. HQ12Hc; Fil
berts. 12313c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, |3 50
65.
HONEY— Comb. 12®12%c for bright and 119
ll'ic for Uzht amber; water white, 7&®7Hc:
light amber extracted, 6U66?£c; dark. 5Vit(Sc
per lb.
BEESWAX- 24S26C per lb.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots. fQ
8c for Royals and 8%@10*ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. JfiGc; sun-dried. . 3@3%c.
Peaches. 5c for standard, «c for choice and 7c
for fancy; Pears, 5<57Vjc: Plums, pitted. 5-g6c;
unplttfd, l®14c; Nectarines. 4g5c for red and
666c for white.
There was a conference at San Jose yester
day, said to be for the purpose of fixing
Prune prices, which are anxiously awaited by
everybody, as the season Is getting advanced.
Apricots continue firm, with higher prices for
best Royals.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Melons continue weak, receipts being exces-
Grapes are now In large supply and quiet.
Peaches and Pears are steady, and while
there is enough of both here, there is no glut in
either. . ' '
Berries are ranging rather lower.
Arrival Of 4» boxes Limes, and prices are
lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APPLES-25@40c per box for commonana
GOcW for good to choice: Crabapples. 20630c
persmall box and 40@G5c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts. 25S€Sc in boxes and Ho®
22 50 per ton in bulk. " . lv
PLUMS— 20540c per box and crate; In built.
$10®15 per ton; Prunes, 2C(g50c per crate; tgg
ri ST^AWEERRIES^$: 5C©5 per chest for large
and $4*37 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $6@9 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3f?5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— «@7c perlb- il_ M _
FIGS— SOc for single and 7Sc©$l for double
White. 35®50c per box; red.
20@40c per box « ld ,, 25 «**= .JtS
basket? in carriers, M©63c: In bulk, $lo®22 o0
per ton' for freestone and $20025 for clings.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35@40c per crate;
Muscats. 4&@75c per crate; Seedless. SOIfSoc per
crate: Sweetwater. 35g50c; black.- *0C<*c; To-
MELONS^-Nutmegs. 23®60c per case; Canta
loupes. 6Cc@U W per crate; Watermelons, $o@
$15 per 10O. rV _ ¦
CITRU8 FRUITS— Valencias. $2©3: Lem
ons $1 G0@2 W> for common and $3(84 for good
to choice: Mexican Limes. $5 50@6: Bananss.
$1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 50©3 50 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Firkin— lS®20c. j.
CHEESE— New, 9c: old. 8©8%c; Young Amer
ica. 10c; Eastern. 13%®14c; Western. 10®12c
Quoted at 14®18c for store and 20@23c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 14%@13c
BUTTER— ; . ' '¦ '¦ 1 ¦
.' Creamery— Fancy Creamery. - 24c: seconds.
23c. . ' ' "
: Dairy— Fancy, ¦ 22c; good to choice, 19321c:
common.' 15<glSc.
Creamery tub— 20c oer 1b.
Pickled roll— 20c. 'NftflKHBlS
are moderate and the demand Is good. Cheese
continues In good supply, though fine lots are
bringing about lc over the quotations. There
is 'no change in Eggs.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUOrST SL
Flour, qr sks 13.G03 Sugar, sks • «<¦»
Wneat. ctls l.TOOIPelts. hnHs ,„
Barley, c Us 6.730,Llme tihls ,;!:
Oats, ctls 6,S!»Hi.1es No ?'I
Butter. Ctls 137 Quicksilver'."^ I
Cheese, ctls ...... 31J F-srsrs. doz ,. ,*
Tallow, ctls .... !l:) Wine, gala £,?«
Potatoes, ska .... 4.11? 'Leather, rolls «
Onions, sks 1.257 (Wool, bales tr
Bran. sks SCf. Straw tons " £
Middlings, sks .. 943'Hay, 'tons.. «.?
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..... 10.287 Bran, sks . t Kn
Oats. ctls :o) • *•*•
Receipts of Produce.
washed. 10%Q11^4c nominal for good to superior
unwashed, ll%@12c nominal for good to prlm«
unwashed peaberry. . j*^
Guatemala and Mexican — HSlTTic for rrim« -J
fancy washed. 13@13*ic for strictly kooX
washed,- ll%fi\2\c for' good washed, s^^uug
for fair washed, 9%@10%c for medium. 6\gs*.,.
for inferior to ordinary. : 13i»14%e for good to
prime washed peaberry. llVi®12c nominal fo
good to prime unwashed peaberry. l^SU' *
nominal for ,-ood to superior unwashed *™
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJRSPAY, AUGUST 9, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
BOSTON, Aug. 8.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will fay to-morrow:
A fair business has . been [ transacted "! in the
woot market during . the; past • week. ' ? The ': de
mand cannot as yet be considered as very'ex
cessive. -' ''^jCKUHHJUBMBflri^HQBBBiQ&tf
Consumers > are Ftlll • conservatively Inclined.
They are gauging: their purposes 'in accordance
with actual requirements ; and, are still: disposed
to doa good bit of,, before "finally
purchasing. . .The" manufacturers : are i especially
looking for, weak ' spots," but- do ; not s succeed I in
finding them. The t tendency of; prices 'is. firm
and holders in some instances have-. been -able
ua
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
The Xew York circular cf Henry Clews says
of the condition of trade:
"The crop situation shows Improvement
owing to more favorable weather during the
last week or ten days. The serious damajr" to
•wheat has been conflred to the spring wheat
cections of Minnesota end the Dakota*, where
rely about half a crop Is expected. Business
In those sections and the railroads cl.-o will
be unfavorably affected by this less; but else
where the outlook Is promising. In spite of the
damage and the shortage on the Pacific Coast
the 'indications favor a yield of about £50.000-
O00 bushels of wheat compared with 547.ooo.ooo
bushels last year. Higher prices, be it noted,
assure a money value considerably In excess of
Ian year. Cera Is In excellent condition; and
If the nsxt few weeks pa*s without Injury from
frost, the yield ir.ay reach over '2.000.000.000
bushels and prove one of the biggest on record
a fact of much consequence to the business In
terests and railroads of the West and South
west. The South is now more prosperous than
for many years; in fact. It Is doubtful if the
South was ever in better condition than to-day.
Cotton costs less to produce than formerly, but
Is bringing verjr profitable price* to both
grower and distributor. The South is alro
benefiting greatly by the diven-iflcation-of. in
dustry, the wonderful development of cotton
manufacturing and the iron Industry' creating
aa era or proFperlty to which that section has
long been a stranger.
••ruilnoad earnings are generally - ehowlns
B lTlmel Time Time Time I
• I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
f ILW H W L. VT H W]
$ *. «:0lj — 0.4] ll:CS 4.7 1:54 J.« 9:59 5.S
10 ... 4:43-«.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 M 10^3 5.S
[1 ... 5:231— «.2! 12:19 S.2 B:K l.S U:46 5.3
[2 ... ««i 0.! 12:54 fi.4 6:2S 1:4
H W L TV H "W ¦ I, W
13 ... 0:43 5.4 «:45 0.7 1:30 5.41 7:23.' M
13 ... 0:13 5.4 6:13 0.; 1:30 5.4! 7:23! 1.1
[i ... 1:4! S.0| 7:30! 1.21 2:09 5.5| 8:20[ 0.3
B lTlmel Time Time Time I
• I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
f ILW H W L. VT H W]
$ *. «:0lj — 0.4] ll:CS 4.7 1:54 J.« 9:59 5.S
10 ... 4:43-«.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 M 10^3 5.S
[1 ... 5:231— «.2! 12:19 S.2 B:K l.S U:46 5.3
[2 ... ««i 0.! 12:54 fi.4 6:2S 1:4
H W L TV H "W ¦ I, W
13 ... 0:43 5.4 «:45 0.7 1:30 5.41 7:23.' M
13 ... 0:13 5.4 6:13 0.; 1:30 5.4! 7:23! 1.1
[i ... 1:4! S.0| 7:30! 1.21 2:09 5.5| 8:20[ 0.3Will of Theodore Dahl Filed.
OAKLAND. f Aug. 8.— The will of Theo
dore Dahl has been filed for probate.% The
estate, which Is valued- at $10,000. is left
to the widow, Thora Dahl, who i» s ap
pointed executrix,
Pinole Republican Club.
s PINOLE, Aug. 8.— About' 150 Republicans
of •: Pinole • met -• last 5 evening .; in -, Foresters'
Hall : and ; organized \ the Pinole McKinley
and ¦;: Roosevelt ; Club;: James >.- Oliver i of
Berkeley r addressed '- the ; members i onV the
issues * of '• the ' campaign. - . The :-' club • in
dorsed C. M. Belshaw for State Senator.'
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— Marriage licenses
have been issued to the following persons:
George : F.'- Martin, 28, WatsonvMe.~ and
Nellie P. McCabe. 25,= Berkeley; William
A:. Walker, 27. Oakland, and Anna John
6on,20, San Francisco.- ,'
Reinhardt's Trial . Set.
OAKLAND! Aug. . 8.— Policeman A. P.
Relnhardt appeared beforeithe Police ar.d
Fire; Commissioners this- morning/ In an
swer ; to * charges '¦• of -lunofflcerllke - conduct
preferred against him < by ; B.\C. Kearney.
The I patrolman is accused , of ; using ' undue
violence ¦ on -., young f Kearney .c He will be
given t a"-' hearing ? by •-' the ;* Commissioners
next Wednesday.- >••¦¦* ¦'¦:'¦* _ :. \~
SECRETARY JACKS HAS
/AN OFFER FROM NASHVILLE
OAKLAND, Aug. 8— Noel H. Jacks,
general secretary, of. the Oakland Young
Men's Christian Association,, has* under
consideration an offer from j the Nashville
(Tenn.) I association to take charge of the
work :there. Mr. 'Jacks has been the active
manager i of [ the I Oakland - association? for
five years." By his efforts much of the debt
has rbeen liquidated, and. the affairs of
the association have been; established on
a sound basis. ;, He i has been in the -Y. M.
C.Ar work for fifteen years and Is highly
esteemed in Oakland. He:- was formerly
assistant ' to v State Secretary " McCoy and
Inter traveling ' secretary .-; for ; the ;Paclflo
Northwest. *wnen •¦ he ; was appointed ' gen
eral, secretary at Portland. v Or. .-'holding
that position until he came. to Oakland. -¦
OAKLAND.. Aug.. 8.— The suit of Peter
J. Crosly and '¦ I." J. ..Truman, . representing
Mrs. . Mary .. Peterman of Mount Eden,
against ex-Assessor Fred C. Slebe of San
Francisco ; has been , compromised. Siebe
held' mortgages aggregating $40,000 on the
Peterman -property. Mrs.* Peterman, al
leging : that i they \ were . fraudulently ; ob
tained,.- brought . suit against Slebe ; In
Alameda - County. '• After a hot • contest
Judge * Ellsworth granted a change of
venue to San Francisco. , . ¦ .
By the terms of the compromise the
value of • the mortgages is placed at $25,
000. A : $10.000. mortgage. security and $15.
000 • In • cash = are " given to > Slebe.
PETERMAN ESTATE AND
SIEBE COMPROMISE
ALAMEDA, Aug. 8.— Enthusiasm over
flowed at the Metcalf meeting to-night.
The headquarters In the rooms of the old
Encinal Club were crowded with Repub
licans. The American colors predominated
'in the decorations, and back of the presi
dent's chair the pictures of MeKInley; and
Roosevelt were handsomely draped. ' Col
onel George C. Babcock wielded the gavel.
After extolling the administration/its
personnel. Its policy and the platform of
the Republican ; party Congressman '• Met
calf addressed himself to matters of local
importance. He reiterated his views con
cerning the tidal canal, promising to do
all In his power to have It completed. Mr.
Metcalf was followed by, prominent r Re
publican speakers, - among them being
Alexander Hay, Linwood Church' and Dr.
C. L. Tlsdale. -
ENTHUSIASTIC METCALF
MEETING IN ALAMEDA
Election for Union High School.
OAKLAND. Aug. S.— The cuestlon of
farming a Union High School district will
W vnted on in Fruitvale. Bray, Melrose
]>orkwood ar.d Elmhurst next Friday.
BELGIAN HARES
BURNED ALIVE
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— A fire •
which for a time threatened •
to destroy the Oakland Ex
position building broke out
about 6 o'clcck this evening "in the [•
building adjoining, occupied by the
American Automatic Gas Machine
end Manufacturing Company and
the Banbury Rabbltry. When dis
covered the flames had gained
great headway, but by the timely
work cf th« Fire Department they
were confined to the machine shop
and the southwest corner of the
Exposition building. About 150 Bel
gian hares, the property of Mrs.
Walter Kenney, met death In the
fire.
The American Gas Machine Com
pany and the building occupied by
it were the property of W. B. Har
rub. His Iobb is about J.WX). fully
covered by Insurance. About T750
will repair the damage cone to the
Exposition building.
The fire was caused by the spon
taneous combustion of gasoline and
tule leaves stored In the gas ma
chine manufactory. The shop' was
closed for the day and the Interior
was a mass of flames when the
alarm was sounded. The blaze -
upread rapidly to the Exposition
building, but three streams from
the interior <iulckly checked It from
that side. Immense crowds of peo
iwe were attracted to the scene by
p dense clouds of smoke, many \
thinking the great wooden shell
was doomed.
Conditions at Shanghai.
OAKLAND. Aug. 8.— R. A. Goodcell, son
of Mr and Mrs. Henry Goodcell of this
city writes from Shanghai under date of
July 8 that no danger exists there, al
though much precautionary work has
been done by the foreigners in the way ot
organization. Goodcell writes that the Chi
nese in the coast and river provinces are
behaving themselves admirably. The
Viceroys and Provincial Governors have
given assurance that the foreigners shall
remain unmolested, and he thinks they
can be depended upon to keep their word.
POISONED BY
HANDLING COIN
OAKLAND. Aug. 8.— Deputy
City Treasurer Charles W.
Cole is an example of the
fact that . dangerous mi
crobes may live, thrive and be car
ried about on gold and silver coins.
For the past six months Cole has
suffered from a distressing skin
disease which baffles the skill of
the best physicians. The eruptions
first appeared on - the fingers, and
the doctors were unanimous In de
claring that the disease was con
tracted from the coins constantly
being handled by the Deputy
Treasurer.
/ .From the fingers one hand and
finally both became affected. Cole
was relieved for a time, but the
eruptions returned later. At the
same time his eyes became infect
ed with a more ; aggravated form
of the disease. .The victim of the
peculiar malady is now under the
care of. Dr. E. N. Ewer.
According to Deputy Treasurer
Cole, the money paid into the of
fice comes in all stages of unclean
liness; sometimes wrapped In dirty
old rags, and , again in .greasy
leather ; purses that . have seen
years of service in the pockets of
their none too clean owners. ¦'-
Mr. Cole now; handles all . money
with gloves and will continue "to
doso until some plan of disinfec
tion can be perfected.
secured without difficulty by popular sub
scription.
The meeting was presided ove,r by Dan
McLaughlin, who said he was in charge
of the hot air" department and had se
cured the services of some of the best
hot air artists in AJameda County,
among them President Wheeler of | the'
university." ¦ <
President Wheeler spoke of the natural
opportunities of Berkeley and the great
future in store for it.
"I like to see n, go-ahead town and a go
nhead people," said President Wheeler,
"and I am glad that I live in a place
where every one is for progression. The
opportunities of Berkeley are unlimited,
and it is for the people of this place^ — all
of the people— to develop and secure the
benefits of these opportunities. A univer
sity In the midst of a manufacturing town
—in with the life of the people— is far bet
ter than one located by Itself. It is better
for the university and for the student! and
for the people."
Dr. H. N. Rowell was the next speaker
to rouse enthusiasm in the audience. Dr.
Rowell has been an earnest and ¦ a hard
worker In the cause of this new move
ment, as he has always been in everything
for progressive Berkeley. . He urged the
people not to. miss this, opportunity for
securing a manufacturing plant.
Other speakers of the evening, were C.
H Spear, William Whitney. Town Trus
tee R. C. Staats. R. Dexter. B. F.-Arnold,
Town Trustee A. R. Frame, Dr. Frank
Abbott. F. W. Wilkes and W. R. Dick
leson. . •.
The furniture company Is under obliga
tion to employ 100 'men and, boys for two
years before the title to the site Is given
to it. The deed will be- held in escrow.
contract signed by both of these young
people certifying that they were bound
to each other as man and wife forever
and a day. The contract was drawn up
on April 15 last.
The 'tie which bound the young couple
was religiously kept .a secret by them
from the time the contract was entered
into until last evening. Miss Putzman
continued to live with her mother, Mrs.
E. O. Putzman of 1121- Chestnut street.
Walter Malloy Jr.. whose home Is only
two doors removed from that of the Putx
mans, did not desert his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. waiter J. Malloy.* Last evening the
denouement came. Young Malloy made his
last of many appeals to Mrs. Putzman
for the hand of her daughter. The mother
told him. that she could not give her con
sent because Gertrude was not yet of age,
and was still too inexperienced to become
a wife. She urged the suitor to wait an
other year. .Then Malloy blurted out that
Miss Putzman and himself were already
married and did not need anybody's con
sent. Further explanation developed that
Malloy . ' and his affianced had slipped
quietly off to the city on April 15, and with
little loss of time had become parties to
a contract drawn up by a mutual friend.
Mrs. Putzman was nearly prostrated by
the news. Upon recovering her compos
ure she ordered the production of the con
tract. "In deference to her wishes, it was
recorded to-day. Now preparations are
being; made-for the, marriage of the cou
ple in the orthodox way. : Next 1 Sunday
Miss Putzman will celebrate both her sec
ond marriage ' and her eighteenth birth
day. Rev. George R. Dodson of the Uni
tarian church will. perform the ceremony.
when Dr. LUley was summoned. The
doctor was called too late and Fella died
in awful agony this afternoon. '»^
All of the family felt the effects of the
poison to some extent, but having eaten
sparingly soon recovered.
"It was on Saturday afternoon, said
Mrs Fella, "that I bought some steak
and 'a quantity of mutton for stew from
Jacob Weil, with whom we had trouble
before. The meat had a peculiar color,
but as It could be had for a cent cheaper
than at any other place I bought it. On
Sunday morning my husband and I, ate
the steak. We then went to church.
When we reached home we were both In
great pain. I was soon well and prepared
the mutton for dinner. This was eaten
of by all of the family. During the night
we all Buffered, but in the morning all
were well with the exception of my hus
band. He suffered terribly until he died,
and when he could talk at all. said that
it was Well's meat that had poisoned
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an autopsy
on the remains and if the results bear
out the suspicions of Dr. Lilley a thor
ough investigation will be made to de
termine who sold the diseased meat and
to have the offender punisheti.
Weil, the accused butcher, has appeared
In the Police Court numerous times on
charges of selling bad "beef, but has al
ways managed to escape conviction.
Charles Fella was a* native of Ger
many, 64 years old. He leaves, besides
the widow, four children. He was a
printer .by trade. . .
WILL BUN FOR 'SUPERVISOR.
didate in the Fifth.
Former Sheriff White. Will Be a Can-
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— Ex-Sheriff Calvin
B White, who was one of the most pop
ular officials Alarneda County ever had,
has decided to yield to the solicitations
of many friends and make a canvass as a
candidate for Supervisor from the Fifth
District The district is now represented
by John Mitchell, who Is making a hard
«!truEKle for renomination by the Repub
licans. Former Sheriff White has a very
strong personal following. It is proba
ble that he will be indorsed by the Dem
ocratic • convention. He has resided for
many years in the district and holds a
high place in the esteem of citizens of
the county as a strong and honorable
man.
OAKLAND. Aug. 8.— M. K. Miller, ap
pointed special engineer for the city
to prepare plans and estimates for
the various bond improvements,
has advanced the' most unique and inter
esting plan for the development of tho
West Oakland water front 'that has yet
been suggested. The plans have been
filed with the Oakland City Council and
will | be considered by them later. The
plans involve the expenditure'of $1,700,000,
for which the people will be asked to vote
bonds. The illustration above will give a
clear idea of the plan. Mr. Miller claims
that the property upon which these
wharves are to be constructed is State
water front and outside of the property
which will fall to the Oakland Water
Front Company under the Supreme
Court's water front decision, though the
approach will be over this private grant.
Mr. Miller's report upon this plan is
very elaborate, and closes with this sum
mary:
The best location for a large system of
wharves and docks en the West Oakland shore
Is within the area between the Southern Pacific
Company's mole and the north training; wall.
The plan submitted includes thirty . Individual
wharves from 400 to 800 feet long and 100 feet
wide, with an aggregate frontage of six and a.
fourth miles. The most pronounced features of
the plan are: First— The circular or looi> de-
sign which provides two routes for entrance
upon or departure from each individual wharf
and which also affords a short and direct road
for communication from wharf to wharf
throughout the entire system. Second — All
wharves are placed at an angle with the ap
proach or highway, which enables railroad
trains to enter thereon by easy curves. The
cost of the entire system Is estimated at 11.700.
000, which Includes dredging channels and slips
to a depth of 24 feet at low water and filling
200 acres to an elevation of six feet above high
water. That the main portion of the system
fronting on the pierhead line, comprising eight
large wharves, having a total frontage of two
and a fourth miles. Including a trestle ap
proach 7500 feet long and 40 feet wide, also In
cluding $120,788 for dredging, can be built at an
estimated cost of $450,000.
MAP SHOWINQ PLAN SUBMITTED BY ENGINEEB MILLER.
OAKLAND, Augr. 8.— Word waa received
in Oakland to-night of the death at Nome
of William Rufus Wheaton, familiarly
known among his friends as "Brick"
Wheaton. Mr. Wheaton was taken sick
with pneumonia and died three days later.
The body will be brought to his Oakland
home on the St. Paul, which is due to ar
rive next week. ."..'-•
The death of Mr. Wheaton was a great
shock to his many friends in this city, for
he was supposed to be in the best of,
health.
William Rufus "Wheaton was the second
son of Mr. and Mrs. George H. Wheaton
and a brother of Mrs. Edson F. Adams of
this city. He was age<l 28 yeara and three
months. Popularly known as "Brick"
Wheaton among his club friends, he waa
always a favorite in Oakland. When here
he was a member of the Athenian and
the Reliance Athletic clubs. Three years
ago he went to St. Michael. Alaska, in the
employ of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany. He was stationed at this point for
some months and was then sent to the
ofllce of the company at Circle City.
Later he went to Dawson City and then
returned to St. Michael. When the Cape
Nome fever started .the Alaska Commer
cial Company established a branch in that
city and placed Mr. Wheaton in charge.
He had become one of the most trusted
agents of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany in the north and was expected home
this fall on a>visit. . " :
WILLIAM RUFUS WHEATON
PASSES AWAY AT NOME
OAKLAND, Augr. 8.-James P. McElroy.
an attorney and Grand Army veteran of
prominence, died suddenly at 4 o clock, this
morning- at his residence on Oakland ave
nue. Piedmont. He retired in apparent
good health last evening. His wife wa^
aroused this morning by her husband's
request for a cup of tea. Soon afterward
she heard the sound of a falling body and
found upon investigation that Colonel Mc-
Elroy was dead on the floor.
He came to Oakland In 1SS3 as the rep
resentative of James C Jordan, a Boston
capitalist, -who made some heavy Invest
ments in Oakland. Later ha formed a
partnership with Major J. A. McElrath, •
an old Confederate veteran, a union of the
blire and gray.
Deceased was 65 years old. a native of
Vermont. He waa a charter member of
U. S. Grant Post, G. A. R., of Chicago.
An inquest will be held. A wife and a son.
J. M. McElroy, survive. The funeral will
be held Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the family residence under direction of
the Grand Army posts of this city.
DEATH OF ATTORNEY
JAMES P. M'ELROY
yOUNQ.L/lDiES
PLAYED .HEARTS
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— The prettiest
function of this week was the
"heart" party given Monday after
noon by Miss Pauline Fore at her
home on Franklin street. It was
complimentary to Miss Chrissie Taft and
Miss Marietta Havens. Ferns, grasses and
potted palms had been artistically ar
ranged about the rooms. Several enjoy
able games were played, the winners of
prizes being Miss Alarwedel, Miss Ai
oright and Mrs. Oowing. After the distri
bution of the handsome prizes a dainty
luncheon was served. The sue3ts were:
Misses Chrissie Taft. Marietta Havens,
Ar.nie Clay, Marie Butz. Edith McCabe,
Bessie Rowell. Florence Hayden, Susan
de Fremery, Beatrice Vrooman. the
Misses Hush, Ethel Valentine, Gertrude
Allen, Hester Pringle, Bessie Palmer. Ger
trude Gould. Ruth Mctcalf. Margaret Sin
ciair, Florence Starr, the Misses Cage,
Jane Rawlings, Olive Middleton, Blancne
tfnaron, the Misses Knowles, Jean How
ard, Katherlne Anderson, the Misses
Crellln, the Misses Moore, Mrs. Wlckham
Havens. Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Mrs. \N il
liam Cooke, Mrs. Beach Soule. Mrs. Henry
Nichols and Mrs. George Hammer.
* • •
Miss Vivian Young, daughter of Mrs.
Martha Young of Twenty-third street, was
married Tuesday morning at the Church
of St. Francis de Sales to Franklin P.
Summers of San Francisco. Rev. Father
McSweeney officiated at the nuptial mass
and the marriage service. Miss Ella
Healey of Bakersfield was bridesmaid and
Charles F. Summers was best man. A
weeding breakfast was partaken of at tho
residence of the bride u mother. The
young couple will make their homo in San
Francisco.
Judge and Mrs. Smith McPherson were
the guests of honor at a dinner party
given Monday evening by Mr. and Mrs.
W. T. Veitch of Linda Vista, Other
guests were Mrs. George C. Perkins,
Misses Mae and Pansy Perkins. Milton
Perkins, Dr. Luella Stone, Miss Edna
Smart, Fred It. Perkins and Charles K.
Jan-ins. * Judge and Mrs. McPherson left
for their home in Red Oak, Iowa, to
night. ; . ...
The Woman's Alliance of the Unitarian
church held its first meeting since the
summer ' vacation Monday afternoon.
Mrs. G. W. Bunnell presided. Sev
eral very entertaining papers were read.
Mrs. C. H. Redlngton gave an interesting
description of the McCloud River .regions.
Mrs. L. R. Porter's summer experiences
were told in amusing rhyme. "The Social
Settlement" was the subject of Mrs. L. 3.
Smith's paper, and the "Yosemite" of
Miss Wards. Mrs. A. Wilson told of;her
outing in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Mrs.
Fred Tillson's paper was entitled "At
Home." Mrs. A. W. Iiurrell closed the
programme by reading a very 'nMrestlng
description of the "Passion Play at
Oberammergau, written by Miss Gene
Vater. In the near future a Dutch hair
will be given for the benefit of the
Woman's Alliance. The alliance will meet
asain two weeks from yesterday. Among
those present yesterday afternoon were^
Mrs. Uemiliard. Mrs. Wilder. Mrs.. Pot
ter. Mrs. Ayres. Mrs. Meredith. Mrs.
Cushing, Mrs. Noyes. Mrs. Farrell Mrs.
Tyrrell. Mrs. Illation, Mrs. _. S. famitn.
Mrs. Uurrell. The officers are: Presi
dent. Mrs. G. W. Bunnell; vice president,
Mrs. Remillard; second vice president.
Mrs. Harry Wise; secretary, Mrs. D. Mac-
Nlcoll; treasurer, Mrs. George Meredith.
The members of the McKenzie Musical
Society of Oakland and San Francisco en
joyed an excursion on the bay Sunday on
the steamer Sunol. The First Artillery
band of Oakland furnished music during
the afternoon. Among the Oaklanders on
the excursion were: Miss McVittie. Miss
Gagnon, Miss Smith. Miss Edna Smith. L.
Weele. Miss Saurum, -Miss Ross, Miss
Edna Ross, Miss Lovejoy, Miss Woodard,
Miss L.udwig. Miss Jones, Miss Bassett,
Mrs. J. J. Shoo. MIrs Victoria Shoo, Mlas
Saurum, Louis Meinlcke. Miss Mabel
Shoo. Miss Lafferty, Miss Laubenheimer,
George S. Evuns and Miss Sunol.
• ? •
A garden party was given by Miss Erie
May Saturday afternoon in compliment to
Miss Marguerite Hunt of Vallejo. Lunch
eon was served under a canopy. The
guests were: Miss May, Miss Marguerite
Hunt of Vallejo. Mips Adele Serlo of San
Jose, Miss Lulu Vein. Ml?s Hostetter,
Miss Grnce Hostetter. Miss Edna Kinard.
Miss May Gillian, Miss Maude Walse and
Miss Edith Judson.
R, H. Hammond and son . Richard will
return from the springs the latter part of
this week. \
Miss Grace Burrell. Ray Burrell and
MisF Florence Burrell returned Wednes
day from Port Townsend.
Miss Mollie Walde will leave this week
for Fresno, .where she will remain until
December. , .
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Jackson (ne« Htim
bold) have returned from their wedding
trio. iWHagBWBafaiiffl'^M < mi
¦ Miss Nellie Allen of Sacramento is vis
iting her aunt, Mrs. J..M. CostiRan. : t the
iatter'a summer home in Mill- Valley.
Mr.- nnd -Mrs.* L. A. Stevens are-enter
taining Mr. Stevens* mother, from Merced.'
John C. Walling and family left Mon
day morning for Mrs. Walllnar'g old home
near Blacks station. inYolo County. :
UNIQUE PLAN FOR DEVELOPING
WEST OAKLAND WATER FRONT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Aug. S.
The Board of Police Commissioners
propose to weed out all of the policemen
in the department who are physically un
able to perform the most rigorous police
duty. City Attorney Dow has been re
quested to look up the law on the subject.
It is the purpose of Mayor Snow to have
each member of the department examined
as to his physical condition, and those
who fall below the standard will lose
their positions If there Is any law by
which the Mayor can enforce his idea.
All this has come about Because Mayor
Snow has been harassed almost to death,
he declares, by friends of patrolmen who
are trying to secure "soft snaps."
Mayor Snow opened the subject at tha
meeting to-day of the Commissioners.
He 'declared that a lot of unhealthy pa
trolmen had been sending their friends
around to urgo the Mayor to provide bet
ter and easier places for them. They
wanted office assignments or patrol
wagon jobs, or any old place except a
beat patrol.
Chief llodgklns < declared that good,
sound men were required on patrol-wagon
duty, because he wanted to be sure that
when the wagon went after an arrested
person it would return with the prisoner.
Mayor Snow said he was satisfied from
statements made by policemen's friends
that many patrolmen were physically un
fit to walk their beats. He said that the
best interests of the city required, where
the department was small, that every
man should be fit for any kind of duty.
If they could not do that sort of work
they should be retired. If the law did
not give the Commissioners the right to
compel retirement, then the police force
should be increased, said the Mayor.
Chief Hodskins remarked to the Com
missioners that Oakland was the easiest
place on the Pacific Coast for a criminal
to get away from, because of Its extended
territory and the many modes of exit. The
burglars who operate in San Francisco al
ways visit Oakland, said the Chief, and it
was this high class of criminals which
required closest watching.
Weak and Worn-Out Bluecoats Are
Too Numerous and Will' Be
Weeded Out by the Com
missioners.
Mayor. Snow Declares There
Are Too Many Decrepits
on the Force.
TO SUBJECT THE
POLICEMEN TO A
PHYSICAL TEST
BERKELEY, Aug. 8.— For the first time
in the history of Berkeley the citizens
from all parts of the town are united in a
proposition for the city's advancement.
The university has lent a helping hand,
and the old sectional feeling between
East Berkeley and West Berkeley is be
ing rapidly blotted out as a result of this
progressive movement. An endeavor Is
even being made to suppress the. "West"
and tho "East," which shows how strong
is the feeling for united Berkeley— for
greater Berkeley. • ¦ ¦ •
The citizens of the town held a.- mass
meeting: last evening In SIsterna Hall un
der the auspices of the West Berkeley
Improvement Club for the purpose of de
vising plans to raise a bonus of $5000 to
Eurchase a site for a furniture factory to
e put up by the California Manufactur
ing Company. Of this sum $2500 has al
ready been raised and the rest will be
People From All Parts of Town De
termined to Make a Manu
facturing Center of
Their City.
Sectional Feeling in Berke
ley Dies Out Under
New Influence.
CITIZENS UNITE
IN A MOVEMENT
OF PROGRESSION
TWO REPLIES
MADE TO MRS.
WATT S' LETTERS
ReaSOnS Given for Retire
ment of Ladies Direct
ing Magazine.
Oakland Club Is Bent Into "Warring
Factions After Doing Much
Good Work for the"
Children-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Hroadway, Aug. h.
The Oakland Club started its career
wiih philanthropy and charity as Its ob
jects, Under the authority of the club
and Jis branches sewing schools were es
tablished, cooking schools were operated,
vacation schools were carried to a suf
ccssful close and a ureat deal of good
work was done for the children of Oak
land.
,\'ow it would gecm that the club is torn
and rent through the very objects for
which it was organized. Resignations are
Leir.g sent In from the members of the
contesting factions and the good work
that has been carried to such a successlul
close is almost forgotten amid the
troubles that have p:ied upon tna cluu
during the past few weeks.
L'pou one side have been aligned Mrs.
Robert Watt. Mrs. K. T. Baroer. Mrs.
lif-nry Goodcell and others. On the other
side there are Mrs. G. W. Bunnell, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. M. I* Wakeman-
Curtis. Mrs. Charles D. Olr.ey and their
friends. The trouble was precipitated
¦when Mrs. Kobert Watt was requested tt»
retire from the business management of
the Domestic Science Monthly Magazine,
published by the club. Mrs. \\ att not only
lettred from that but resigned from the
ciub. Then her friends rallied about Mer
and passed resolutions requesting her to
remain with it and at every turn Mrs.
Watt's friends outvoted the other faction
arid she remained triumphant.
There were many stormy meetings, at
which each sloe charged the other with
having tangled the accounts of the vari
ous departments of the club. There waa
talk of demanding resignations arid of in
vestigations to ascertain who had given
Information to the public. On Monday
Mrs. M. L. Wakeman-Curtis. the editor
of the m&frazine. and Mrs. Charles D. OI
ney. the business manager, sent in their
resignations and Mrs. Kobert Watt sent
to the club nearly now worth of receipted
bills which It was claimed she had con
tracted without authority. To-day two
statements were issued as replies to let
ters that have been sent to the club Dy
Mr*. Robert Watt in explanation of her
position. Or.e Is a statement from Mrs.
M. L». Wakeman-Curtis and the other an
open letter to the Oakland Club from C
D. Olney. the husband of the retiring
business manager.
Mrs. Wakeman-Curtis' statement fills
four typewritten pages. The writer ex
ji.ains that the publishing committee of
the Domestic Hoience Monthlv found the
jr^rocatives usurped by Mrs. Watt who
"illegally, irregularly, as an individual.
rot authorized by any vote, demanded the
moneys of the magazine before its bills
had been paid end before that money had
teen paid into the treasury of the de
partment. 1 ' Mrs. Watt claimed, the
writer alleges, the right to use the maga
zine money toward paying for the do
mestic science building, a private philan
thropic enterprise for which Mrs. Watt
alone was responsible. In all, $S5 of mag
fczirn* money was used In this way.
The writer further states that Mrs.
"Watt "collected, held and disbursed mon
eys hen=elf, neglecting and refusing to
rut papers and contracts on file in the
hands of the financial secretary." Worse
than this, "the accounts rendered by Mrs.
Watt of moneys by her collected and ex
rendf-d w^re not completely satisfactory.
Iri June she reported Fhe had collected
from June subscribers $10" 50, from which
Fhe had paid the printer's June bill, leav
ing a small balance on hand. Later the
printer'i June bill was found to be un
; '1. Mrs. Watt rendered a second .ac
count of collections made for the same
month. Ftatine that the collections had
.•¦mounted to but |47. But subsequently
(frtain firms claimed that they also had
I aid Mrs. Watt amounts due from them
for June advertising, but which collec
tions were not reported. The result is
that the hooks of the magazine and the
records show that Mre. Watt was not a
competent manager of money accounts.
Mrs. Watt offended her associates In
the domestic science department, Mrs.
iWakeman-Curtis states, by peculiar ac
y.: ns and statements. She said, it is al
/'•ced. that "the presence of any other
person than myself In this department Is
a mere form, as none of the ladies have
a dollar"; that "the ladles showed a dis
position V> meddle," and that she would
call no more meetings.
"For these reasons and not because
there wa* ar.y personal dislike of Mrs.
AVatt or anything but appreciation and
osterm for her social worth and large
h*arte4 individual work in philanthropy,"
Mrs. Watt was asked to resign.
Charles D. Olney has written, under
date of August 8. to the president and
member* of the club to clear Mrs. Olney
of "unwarranted insinuations," she beinjy
too ill to appear before them. He asserts
That "Mrs. Olney has endeavored from
the first to get sufficient data from the
chairman to open a proper, set of books.
V>ut that such data as she has received
has be«>n fo unsatisfactory and mislead
ing that she was obliged to forego any
attempt at bookkeeping other than a cash
account."
Oakland Office San Frandsc.6 Call.
111S Broadway, Aug. 8.
John. Stanton, a Southern Pacific Com
pany switch-tender, was instantly killed
to-day by being struck by a westbound
Haywards local train at the foot of Four
teenth avenue. Stanton, who handles the
switches at that point, was crossing the
tracks to throw a switch after the de
parture of the eastbound local at 2:15
o'clock this afternoon. He did not notice
the swiftly approaching Haywards train,
which hit him and threw him twenty feet.
Stanton was killed in- the presence of
William McUilllgan, to whom he had
been talking at his switchhouse for sev
eral minutes before the accident occurred.
To Deputy Coroner Mottel McGrilligan
paid: "1 had been standing at the switch
house with Stanton, when the Oakland
local pulled out for Frultvale from Brook
lyn depot, a block away. As soon as the
train crossed the switch Stanton left me
to go over and set the switch for the re
turn of the local.
"He had to cross the main line track,
upon which the Haywards local was com
ing at a swift rate. Neither of us noticed
the train until it was too late to save
Stanton. He was knocked twenty feet
and was dead when we got to his body."
The railroad men were greatly surprised
at the accident, because Stanton had been
stationed at the switch for years and was
thoroughly familiar with the operation
of the trains.
Stanton'e body was taken to the
Morgue, where an Inquest will be held to
morrow. He was 46 years old, a native of
Ireland and married. His residence was
at 53 Sixth street
The Body Was Thrown Twenty Feet
and Death Was Instantaneous,
¦ So Violent Was the
Shock.
John Stanton Struck on
Track at East Oakland
Station.
SWITCH-TENDER
KILLED BY THE
HAYWARDS LOCAL
BERKELEY. Aug. 8.— Miss Marietta
Higgins, a teacher in the Berkeley public
schools, has written a communication to
the Board of Education at Berkeley
charging that, through personal motives,
she has been, treated unjustly in the mat
ter of assignment to position. The charge,
although addressed to the board, was in
reality aimed at Director George PhiUlpa,
who was responsible for the removal of
Miss Higglns from the first grade of tho
Seventh-street School .to the third grad»
of the San Pablo-avenue school.
Miss Higgins has for the past year been
In charge of the Seventh-street School,
teaching the first grade. When the teach
ers were assigned to positions this term
she was transferred to the third grade of
the San Pablo-avenue School on recom
mendation of Director Phillips. In her
complaint to tho School Directors ML13
Higgins said that the change was a "de
motion," which had been done through
personal motives. She said she had been
treated unjustly, and asked to be rein
stated in her former position.
Director Phillips stated that the chango
had been made after careful considera
tion, and ¦was approved by School Super
intendent S. D. Waterman.
"We thought," said Mr. Phillips, "that
the best interests of the School Depart
ment would be subserved by the change.
I believe Miss Higgins is better suited to
teach the third grade than the first grade.
Last year while she was In charge of th»
first grade I sent my little girl to her,
and sr.e remained a month without pro
gressing. Then I had the child transfer
red to another school and she immedi
ately commenced to learn. Miss Htggins
dees not seem to be successful in teaching
children who have never before attended
school."
Miss Hlgslns* communication wa» ac
companied by another signed by twenty
eight parents whose children had attend
ed Miss Higgins' class, asking that she be
reinstated. •¦-'_ -.-
School Director Dr. W. Allen moved
that her former position be given to her,
but later changed his motion to refer tho
communication to a special committee.
This was carried, and Directors A. T.
Sutherland, Edward Nlehaus and Dr. W.
Allen appointed.
The salary for flrst-grrade teachers la
larger than the salary for thlrd-grado
teachers. . : -"--'
She Claims That Personal Motive*
Were the Causes of Her Reduc
tion in the School De
partment.
Charge Made by Miss, Ma
rietta Higgins Against
Directors.
SCHOOL BOARD
CHARGED WITH
BEING UNJUST
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call.
1118 Broad way,. Aug. 8.
Charles Fella died this afternoon at his
home. 6C0 Madison avenue, from ptomaine
poisoning, the result of eating tainted
meat which the dead man's widow says
was purchased from the Free Market stall
of Jacob Weil, a repeated offender of the
health laws. Fella was treated a few
hours before his death by Dr. J. F. L.11
ley, who found such evidences of poison-
Ing that he at once reported the case to
Coroner Mehrmann.
According to the story told by Mrs. Fel
la, she with her husband and ' four
children partook on Sunday last of meat
purchased the day before from Jacob
Weil. Fella partook most heartily of the
meat and on Sunday evening complained
of dizziness and eevere pains In the re
gion of the stomach. He refused to send
for a physician until yesterday afternoon.
The Widow of the Unfortunate Man
Accuses Butcher Jacob Weil.
Coroner Mehiraann Will
Investigate.
Charles Fella, the Victim
of Poisoning by
r lOnicilllGS.
TAINTED MEAT
CAUSES DEATH
OF AGED MAN
ALMEDA COUNTY, OAKLAND, BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, THURSDAY; ;pGUST 9, 1?OO.
Will Celebrate an Orthodox Marriage
When the Young Bride Be
comes of Age Next
Sunday.
OBJECTIONS OF
PARENT NO BAR
TO THIS COUPLE
They Become Man and Wife
by Contract and Keep
-.-Secret-Well.
C-H"I"I"I;I"M"I":-1"I"H"S- -S-i-S-i-I-I-M-^
•5* 4*
* ALAMEDA, April 15, 1900. •?•
•£• "We, the undersigned parties, hav- •£•
•J* ing entered Into an agreement and +
4* contract this 15th day of April, 1900, *
•J* to live together as husband and •!•
•r wife, do hereby consider ourselves «j»
•J» as_ such from this date and ever •$•
4* after. «J«
* WALTER MAX.LOT JR.. *
¦i- GERTRUDE S. PUTZMAN. *
+ , •*¦
••i-i-M-M-i- * * -i-i-i-i-i-i-M-i-i-i-i-i-i-e
AL.AMEDA. Aug. 8.— Parental objec
tions did not Btay Miss Gertrude S. Putz
man and Walter J. MaJloy Jr. in their de
termination to marry. To-day there was
died in the Recorder's office in Oakland a
11
f The^ hide , of u cow '. yields about thirty-
five pounds of . leather. .. _
A French engineer is trying to'apply air
in such; a way to machinery ¦ as to make
it serve aa a lubricator.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE-
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDOS ENQ—JOJD. ON THE S1RT
day ot December. A. £>. 1S99. and for tne
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Seetloa*
610 and Sll of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
rash Market Valu© of all Stock* and
Bonds- o-wned by Company $3,223,300 »
Cash in Company's Office J10 SI
Cash In Banks •• «.M1 i5
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loam a, 106 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages, cash In hands of
United States Trustees JT5.1T7 »
Premium* tn due Conrte of Collec-
tion 157.163 73
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 150 04
Due from other Companies for »
Insurance on losses already paid.. 8.6S7 n
Total Asset* .g.C5.»15 W
LJABrt.nTES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 175. 738 oo
Lcsse* in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense *??'S2 li.
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 11.020 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nin* on» year or less. Jl.al..5oS 9«; __
reinsurance 50 per cent «... TM.77« «
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. «.2— ;- •
74124: reinsurance pro rata 754.S 4 3S
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. ¦
- etc •..•..••¦•..-••.•••*¦• ¦••*•...••.• ~ 19.440 39
All other demands against tha Com-
pany .— - JOO.oSO IS
Total —tabllltlea .C.U—.177 07
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums C.173. 488 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other aource* S6.M9 SI
Received from all other sources 694 79
. ___—
TotaJ Income :...... .SS.lt9.xg u
-
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding J134.5O2 00. losses of pre-
vious years) J1.431.C4 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage CT.J98 M
Paid for Salarle*. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 123.531 S3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ••• 89.320 94
All other payment* and expenditures 491.S20 J«
Total Expenditure* .......J2.554.807 14
'./••• Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year... Jl.r.43. Tar, r.
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Ri*ks
• written during the
year * J3S0.134.334 J3.1H.023 55
Net amount of Risks}
expired during thef
year I J«S.lS«.m I.9«8.C49 SJ
Net amount in forcej
December 31. 1S99...I 291.792.237 2.7S0.294 20
. ____ __________
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 1st
day ot February. 1900. •
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
BUTLER & H ALDAN. H
General Agents for Pacific Coast.
413 CALIFORNIA STR___,
SAN FRANCISCO.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 9 V 1900.
12
CHAS. ' LEVY buys ¦ your furniture, • carpets,
V pianos; etc. .; 1135 Market Bt. : tel. Jessie , 761.:;
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place Is entirely covered: ccntatns 8
rial Is: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. G14 Call building.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and cafe doing good busl-
i ness; good location; reason of sale, other busi-
ness; fullest investigation allowed; will take
part trade. Addresa box S277, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, candy and stationery; block
from large school; rood living; parties going
to country; price $350; no agents. Box 3245,
Call office. -
CORNER grocery and bar; established and
kept by owner 7 years', sold at a bargain on
account of going East. Corner, of Eighteenth
and Danvers sts. ¦* : ' *
BAKERS — Bakery, conducted successfully 6
years, now being renovated and fitted up,
to let. Apply on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero sts. *
AN interest In a paying legitimate business,
where services of capable man are required;
investigation and ref'nees. A. B.. box 32. Call.
COFFEE Faloon and chop house, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for sale very cheap;
coed paying business. Box 2992. Call office.
FOR eale— $1000 will buy a email steam laun-
dry In a country town in California. Address
box I24S. Call office.
FOR sal"* 1 — A countrv barber phop. Inquire at
WILL & FINCK, 21 O'Farrell gt.
$230— GOOD paying restaurant; *old for price
of fixtures. 310 B street, Santa Rosa.
FOR. sale — Blacksmith shop: Ftock tools; good
business. A. DABLE, Martinez.
STATIONERY, candy and notion store doing
good business. Apply at 317^4 OTarrell st.
FOR SALE — Saloon; good business; cause, sick-
ness. Inquire 44 Second et.
$173— DELICACIES and branch bakery; S living
rooms; rent $12. with water. 423 Sixth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— *5 r.; central; full: quite profitable $2C00
IS r.; rent $60; takes $163; 1 blk. of Mkt.. S00
10 r. ; on sunny side; rent $35: nice block.. 4S0
23 r.; sunny; 3 blks of Market; full 650
37 r. : hotel; rent $150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. nr. Call bldg.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms: good locations;
honeM value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; meney loaned. SCHWEINHARD A-. CO..
917 Market nt.{ opp. Mason: phone Mint 1911.
TO sell your lodging house or furniture and
secure satisfaction write or call SCIIWEIN-
HARD & CO., 917 Market St., opp. Mason;
tel. Mint 1511.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers. I
17 rooms; rent tSO; a snap $339
28 rooms; rent $54; central 900
40 rooms; rent $S5; investigate this 12J<|
63 rooms; corner; offices; only 3200
¦WELL-FURNISHED house of 60 rooms close to
the theaters; all sunny rooms; lease; electric
elevator; clearing $150 to $200 mo. ; for cash or
will take smaller house In part payment.
Box S27S. Call office. *
$1000—12 ROOMS, grandly furnished; see this
banrain before -you invest. Apply D. M. RAE,
E37 Mission st.
FOR sale account of 6lckness— Newly furnished
9- room house; 5 steady roomers pays rent;
price- $600. Call at 1212 Howard St.; no agents.
WANTED— For cash, furnished house. 75 to 125
rooms; must be cheap. Box 464. Call office.
WILL pay cash for lodging house: 25 to 40
rooms; must be a bargain. Box 1931. Call.
FOR Fale — Rooming house; 17 neatly furnished;
cause, Blckness. Address box 3246, Call offlce.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF*Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: tend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. P33 Market st.. fc 5 . F.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. X.3-?.i7 Tehama St.; tel. South 4<>
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4i3 Stevenson et.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
J. E.' MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt.: tel. Mission 74.
dlTY Steam Carpet-Bsating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, rogr. S3-4O 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate nve.: telephone East 126.
CARIUAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale cheap — A good phaeton; adapted for
family or country use. Devlsadero-st. Stable,
£34 Devlsadero et.
ALL Icings of wagons, buggies, carts," harness,
etc.. cheap, EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
JCEW & 23-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
neyg. work & driving horses. 13th & Valencia.
Si I RITUALISM.
THE ORATORY— Odd Fellows' Hall next Sun-
day night: Mrs. R. S. Llllle. lecture; Mrs. J.
J. Whitney, tests; Mr. J. T. Llllle, music; 10c.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison, £58 Mis-
sion; readings daily: *25c. 60c and $1; circle
Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves. : 10c.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St., circle to-day, 2 &
8 p. rn.; 10c; sittings dally; G. $1; L. 50c.
MRS. STODDARD, wonderful spirit messages;
Tues. and Thurs., 8 p. m. ; 10c. 278 Ninth St.
MRS. ETIQUE. 1204 Klllmore— Circle this eve.,
10c; reading dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
E. J. HATCH: circles Sun., Turs.. Thurs., 7:30
p m., Fri. 2:30; sit. dally. 13S2 Market, rm. 26.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 8 o'clock: con-
vincing test. MRS MAXWELL, 1238 Howard.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. oOc. 127 Turk st. .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reao>r, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm & clalr. sit. $1 SO. 12S Turk st.
WHO to marry: how to win him (her), 25c L.
DIERSSEN. mind culture.' 5 Seventh St.. S. F.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. f>21% Mission, op. Hint.
WATSON, famous medium and palmist; lucky
and true; 25c and 50c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
HUE ZEREDA. the gypsy.is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 212% Sixth Bt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
advice; names given ; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
• less successful. . Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms, basement. $1L
127*4 Morris ave., off Bryant, near Sixth.
MODERN cottage; 6 rooms and bath. 311 Steln-
er st.. near Haicht. » *
SUNNY cottage, 212V4 Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery Bt. . .' i" . -- .•>. '" - : .-
TO LET— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 1308 Lar-
* kin «C Apply M31g Larkln st.
$18 — COTTAGE: 7 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key 711 Treat ave.
DEKTISTS. — — — -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SC9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teerh
without plates our i specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ro. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has ; returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
- patents ; for painless ' dentistry. -' plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set, |5; fillinsa,
tOc: crown. S3 DO.' Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 3th.
EIGHT prices for best: crowns,' plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painlecs . method ; . 20 years' « ex-
perience: no students; advice free;- prices
cheapest awi guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.-
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
¦ —No charge for extracting i when . plates ; are
made; old plates . made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.;
PARIS Dental Parlor. '235 Kearny; cor. Bu»h--
Full set of. teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, -25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; > evenings and { Sun-
aayB. 1001 Market st; corner Elxth.\ ,; ¦¦ ;
BET of teeth without plate. > DR.' H. O.
YOOXO.- 1841 • Polk et. ' . . '. :.:"". '-"- : .~~- :.¦/¦¦:.
¦ CHEAPEST ; and best 4n Amcrica-The Weekly
Call. Ifi pages, . eent to » any. address in the
United States or Canada one year, for $L
UUEINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets. ep*n
until U o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-t27 Montgomery Btrect.
corner Clay; open until 9:50 p. ro.
S00 Hayea rtreet; open until S:SO p." m.
«SS McAllister Btreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 MlsFioa ctreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til t p. m.
IOC Eleventh Btreet; open nntll 9 p. m-
1CP6 Valencia ctreet: open until 9 p.m.
Northwen corner Twenty-second end Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
6A.\ FKA.\CI5CO CALL.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and MI1-
. llnery School; French system. 411 Van: Ness.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
liKKSSMAlvKHii A2M> SUAMSTUKSStS
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 : Geary, st.'. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
KDUCAT1O.NAL. -
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.; life
BCholarshlp, JEO; includes shorthand, typing:,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new tyDewrlters.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
6chool for the university, ¦; law ' and medical
colleges: references, ; President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Actimr,
310-312 O'Farrell st. .
j BOOKKEEPING oV shorthand; If you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
i NELL, room S3, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
'BOOKKEEPING, free trial ; privdte lessons; 8
tnoa. in college not equal to 8 wks. with mo;
$25. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
• NESS COLLEGE. 123fi Market at. .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. .mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, teachar
of zither, BI6 Turk St., bet. Larkin and Polk.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough; positions secured. - \
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpsic; lessens 75c. 320 Gol.len Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. : S5 mo. . 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80- page catalogue free.
LE .TEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving:, all branches. 414 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post Et.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
b?st help furn.; tel. John 2121. 80fi% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farr-ell Bt. ; tel. East 426. j
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE, j
A FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires sit-
uation: 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
A NEAT German girl wants a position; up-
stairs work and care of grown child. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ¦
A RELIABLE woman, good cook and laund-
ress, wishes position by day or month; .car
fare. 619% Larkln st.
WANTED — By a young lady, a position as
waitress In private family; will do upstairs
work if required. Address Sll Geary Bt. •
YOUNG, steady, strong woman wants any kind
of work by the day or month. 6924 Washing- i
ton st., near Powell.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in American
family to do general housework;, wages $20 to
$25. Call at 41SB Natoma st.
TOUNG lady desires copying to do at home;
neat penman. Box 3262, Call ofQce.
A LADY with some experience as cashier would
like a position as such. 726 Mission st. :
TOUNG woman wishes employment to assist at
general housework. Address 40S Minna Bt. ;
WOMAN wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 116 Sixth st., room 1.
LADT wants to go out by day; housecleanlng
or washing. Call 718 Greenwich Et.
YOUNG lady desires position as office clerk,
cashier of bookkeeper. Box 32S2, Call.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes a situa-
tion in American family; good cook - -and
laundress; city reference. Call or address
Cook. 1325 Minna st. ¦ : . ' '. ;
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; willing and obliging and kind to chil-
dren; city or country; reference. 522 Ivy ave.,
near Laguna. ¦
ELDERLT German widow would like situation
in country; plain housework or housekeeper.
Address F. W., Call Branch. Potrero, Ken-
tucky and Twenty-second Bts. ,
WOMAN wants position as nurse in confine-
ment; can give doctor's reference. 714 La-
guna St.
BERKELEY or city; a refined lady would Ilka
a position as housekeeper in a small family.
Address A. B.. 3787 Sacramento st.
GIRL wishes a position to do general house-
work in plain family. Box 1601, Call office,
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal- ;
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st. - - " ' ' ¦ - :
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED— 3IALES.
SITUATION wanted by young man : (German)
as artist or draughtsman; has some experience
In wood engraving; also pen and Ink work.
AddreM box 3263, Call office.
POSITION as engineer or machinist; 8 years
in flour mill; 7 years In water works; 5V4
years electric railroading. Address box 3231,
Call office.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
others— O-cherd and vineyard help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. J25
Sacramento st. ; :
EXPERIENCED man would like to buy green
or dried fruit for some responsible firm; un-
derstands bleaching and-drying, packing and
shipping, etc.; can give references and bond
if required. 313 Fourth Bt., room 87. ,'. ¦
SITUATION wanted by married man ; under-
stands warehouse cold storage ... Ice * work ;
good at carpenter and pipe-filing work; any
Work accepted. Address box 3259. Call office.
<A MAN of family would like to take charge of
a general farm or on shares. Box 3275, Call.
NURSE, graduate of an >j Eastern •-- training
school and experienced masseur, - wishes a
position. -Address A. M.; 317 Stockton st.
$100. COO TO loan on ; diamonds, . watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. \ 15 ¦ Grant ave. ' >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be_en established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. :".* • -
EXPEHT OPTICIA59.
ETES examined free; spectacles - properly l ad-
justed. N. Manasxe. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO "; LET.'
A. M. SPECK & CO.; ; 667 Market • st.
* 100 houses, flats, etc.: ,;.?*.':.-¦'¦';
41$ Herman; h. 8 r.$27 CO 53 Tremont av; c. ( r.$20
220 Hyde; h. 8 r... 40 00 1990 Ellis: f. 6 r.....; 18
EG9 Geary: f. 6 r.. 30 00 1328B Hayes; I. 6 r.. 20
2019 Pine: f. 6 r... 25 00 346 Waller; f. 6 r.... 20
GEARY, 1131, bet. Van ' Ness and Ffanklin—
Modem lower flat, 7 rms.",'.basement;rent $30.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat,' 6 rooms and bath;; water free;' 1
: block from park; rent JIG. 411 Lyon'st.
LOWER flat. 3 cozy rooms and yard; 26 Reed
;;st.; rent $10. Key 1325 Washington, mv Jones.
PIERCE, '3002, corner ; Filbert— Elegant ¦ upper
.- flat. C rooms and bath; -marine: view;; $24. ¦.:-:
J15— A NEW 5-room' sunny flat; frescoed; water
free; 2748 Twenty-second, '¦-¦ nr." Castro. - GEO.
C W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 170G; Market at.
$li! — UPPER flat. ' 5 • rooms, i bath, j gas, ¦ mantel,
: .tubs; yard. - 2261 ; Geary , St.; ' «., . ./: '
$100,000 TO * loan on i diamonds, watches, seal-
Bklns. UNCLE HARRIS, s 15 Grant ave.
FLATU ; TO : LET— FURNISHED. "7
BECOND, 523— Two nlce'sunny. rear, flats,' 3 and
"4 rooms ; -, rent $8 * and j $10 ; j bath, yard.- , ; •
OCEAN 4 Beach— 1319 ? 47th ; ave. ; -_ modern • fur-
*" nlshed i flat; \ con. ; f grand ivlew; pure air; :-, $25.'
;- , ; . FURNITURE i FOR \ SALB.'^^ ¦':
I ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50,' with No. 7,
.;., range. King Furniture i Co..- 1127-1131 % Market. ;
$50— FURNITURE Tof ' flat of : '4 = rooms ;"=' complete
for j housekeeping. 217B i Perry Bt. '
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— e
SpeclaJ meeting THIS (THURSDAT)J^
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma-K3C
sonic Temple, 266S Mission st. Mark *
Master I>grc-e. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
mke:ti.\g >otices.
CALIFORNIA Lod«re No. 1. F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -#%_
EVENING, A'Jjrust i>. at 7:30 o'clock. >SjK
Third Decree. By order of the Master, '^r \
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
HDELITT Lodge No.' 120. F. and A. *
M.— Special m«-eting THIS (THCRS- (It
HAY) EVENING, al 7:31 o'olrvk. %J\
Third I-tegree. Master Masons cor- ' V
tiially invited. By order of .the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary-
6OUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. «
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS _ifi
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 'SJf
o'clock. Third Degree. Master Masons /^r»
cordially invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21S, F. and A. M., iT~
Masonic Temple. Special meeting _m\ .
THIS (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON. }£2f
at 2 o'clock. Third Degree. Master /V'
M&scns are cordially Invited. I By order of
the Matter. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. L <.«%*!£><>
O. O. F.— Initiation TO-NIGHT.
Visiting brothers cordially invited. rZ^P**^£~
W. H. BROTT. N. O. V 7 "**^.
EARGENT Lodge No. SCS. I. O. O. jtfS£*&**.
F.. FRIDAY EVENING. S :S0 it<£<i£s3%
c'clcv-k. August 10. Brother
CHARLES A. SUSIXER, P. G.. <•*****
will lecture on "Scenes end Incidents in For-
eign Lands." illustrated with over 150 fine
etcreoptlcon views. Fraternal Hall. I. O. O.
F. buiUing. Members, their families and
trlends invited. No charge.
CHAS. E. COX, N. G.
GEO. W. DIXON. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle . C7>,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) A. fJklXl
EVENING, Fraternity Hall. 32 "SsXi*
O'Farrell St.. at S o'clock. 8 *
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATEKSON. Recorder.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, silverware,
efalfkins, puns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
AGEVTS WASTED.
J1DCK" CAN be made during campaign season
celling our campaign ties; greatest Bellers
ever Introduced; territory going; write imme-
diately; full line white and fancy rubber col-
lars; enclose stamp. Dept. C M. & M. Mfg.
Co., Sprinefield. Mass.
DO you want something- more profitable, better
and easier to sell than books T F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrctt building.
TO ee!l campaign photos on cloth. 8x4 feet.
£19 En-.ma Sprecktls building.
FOUR good canvassers or agents wasted et
2112 Fillmore Bt.
WE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 ljth fet.
ASTUOLOGY.
ERNEST S. GREEN positively proves the stars
rule your fate;testlmor.lalsfree; trial readings
Jrcm date birth, by mall. 15 2-cer.t stamps;
full horoscopes f? up. 1SC4 Market St.. 2d floor.
ilME. KICIvEY. astrologlst: get your horoscope
with full explanation of your future. Me; card
reading and palmistry. Stic. 1933 Mission gt.
ATTIIH.NKVS AT LAW.
R. "5V. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market *u~.
room C7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all case?; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
At>VICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee ¦without Eiiccess: collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. SiO Market, cor. Stocktou.
FF.rC advice; divorce laws, damages, estatcr.
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. JCT Market St., opp. Massn.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spr?ckels bid?.. S27 Mar-
ket «"t- : coneultation fre«; no fees in advance.
CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. JC7 Market
Ft., r. CS: open e\ - e.. 7-9: consaltatien free.
AITOMOBILKS.
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & SON.
Agents, 46 Fremont Bt.
>^— i— — — — — ¦^^^—M
BATH CAniynTS. .
EOBINSON jr.. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and eafe. W. E. BROWN; ge n . agt., 426 Eliis.
DELGIA.V UARES.
LORD FAEHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb,
first prize in England, at 214 Golden Gate aw,
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales dally. lOCSVi Sutter.
43OLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. 60S Gol-
ttr. Gate av., S. F., 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
! BICYCLES For Sale or tSxclaanee.
ALLEN has captured the market with $20 bicy- r
des, 201 Larkin Bt. ; offers wanted for ICO sec-
ond-hand wheels. 19T0 Page et.
UUAKDIXJr FUH CHILIJJlK.V.
FOR refined home and excellent care for little
girl address American, box 2229, Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; room for Barents. 423 Minna Ft.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board: good home. 2750 Harrison gt.
BUILDINGS WANTED.
WANTED— Floor, or In two, WxlOO: dear of
partitions; bet. Second and Seventh, Market
and Howard. Address box 3253. Call office.
ULSlNEJsS CliAACES. .
A— tSOO; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
south of Market and Fifth Ets.; rent $45; &
goed corner; all cash tra4e. mostly in bar.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— J4S0; RESTAURANT, with ten furnished
rooms; 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 SO;
the place clears 1125 per month. Call R. G.
WILKE. S6H Kearny gt.
A— 1750; SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call \A<lsz. ; rent SC5; a splendid location and
Knod paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st.
A— $1400; COFEE ealoon and restaurant on
Kearny St.; place doing a business of $60 per
day; other engagements compel owner to eac-
ritice. Ceil It. G. WILKE. £6% Kearny gt.
A— fSOO; CORNER saloon with hall in choicest
location on Geary et.; rent $45; lease; place
kept by owner for years and is doing a good
paying business. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
2C'j Kearnr st. *[
A— J16C0: CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin '
et.; rent, including 6 rooms. $44; horse and
¦wagon: 5 years' lease; daily receipts about ;
$30; owner to leave for the country; a firet-
class and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2CH Kearny Et.
A— $JO0; DELICACY aUd dairy produce, in Ala-
meda; rent $3; <lally receipts $12; business es-
tabl. 8 years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $200; RESTAURANT and chophouse on Wa- i
ter front; rent $25; bargain. R. G. WILKE, '
26>4 Kearny at.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place'
best location: close to Chronicle building See
. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st
$575 — BUTCHER shop; prosperous country
town; bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO . 777*4
Market st. ¦'-:-'-
JT50-PARTNER wanted; Indoor business- will
pay from $60 to $75 per month to each yearly
Mclaughlin & co.. m% Market st.
$1800-8 ROOMS. eleganUy furnished, with i>ta-
tioner>' and variety etore; esublished 15 years-
a treat sacrifice. Apply D. M. RAE. 837 Mis-
sion ET.
A-412E; lodging-house. 9 rooms; centrally lo-
cated; all rmt. rented; owner must sell, leav-
lng State. STENBERO CO.. 925 Market et.
$175 — CIGAR »tore, on Market st.; central; very
nice place and good business; cheap rent*
great bargain. LANE & CO.. E65 Market st
$425— A FISH and oyeter stand In down town
market: doing a good business; splendid op-
portunity for a bright man. Address box
32T,6. Call office.
GENTLEMAN leaving for . the Sandwich Isl-
and* to permanently reside would like to rep-
resent certain business interests there. Box
228L Call office.
FOR SALE— A bargain; a email milk business-
complete. Apply H. BLANKEN. Six-Mile
House. San Bruno Road. ¦raHfitHRBQeAMaBH
CORNER grocery end bar for Bale cheap. 637
OTEtreUrt. -; • . - ¦ •
PARTNER for first -class restaurant; small
- capital repaired. Box 32S6. : Call of flee. ¦
PARTNER, with $600 In optical business:' re-
celpt* from $600 to $1000 per month; must be
a graduate optician. Box 126L Call office.
A-..;... MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
12 carpenters, $3 a day; free fare
38 carpenters, different Jobs. .$3 and $2 50 day
20 laborers to help carpenters.... $40 and found
22 men or strong boys to handle hammer and
hatchet, 2 years T Job, como see. ...$30 to $40 fd
8 coopers, ranch carpenter and millwright; 27
blacksmiths, also sonic helpers. $3. $2 50. $2
day and $1 75. $2 day......
. 6 boys or men to. work In a city factory; gen-
eral utility man ••
2 farmers and wives. ........./.
6 men for warehouse work, free fare $73
....: HORSE BREAKERS...
3 coachmen, $30 and found; 3 gardeners, $30;
6 men to break stock on ranch. .$32 i>0 and fd
6 laborers, warehouse, $3 60 day, free fare....
......AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES........
.236 laborers for 23 different sawmills, $26 to $40
and found, anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen;
mill men; also all kinds of planing mill help,
$35, $S0, $63, $70, $60, $40, $50, $30 and found....
S64 woodchoppers. tiemakers, etc. $3, $2 60, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found....
126 farm hands..... .....$35, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and butterrnckers....$30, $25 found
24 ptablemen, etc.... $25. $50, $60, $40. $30 found
16 haybalers, $3 day; also harvest crews.
IN SAN FRANCISCO; all parts of California
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day.
tome board yourselves home; boys 'for stores,
factories, etc. ; city Jobs; cabinet makers,
woodworkers, carriage makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see V
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE....
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A- .HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY
........ BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, $10 and found," see
boss here....:
48 cooks; come see .$70, $60, $50, $10, $30 fd
39 waiters $35. $30, $25 found
19 dishwashers $30, $26. $25, $20. $15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
9 butchers....; ...$35, $40, $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, 2d, 3d hands; also
boys. $50. $60, $40. $30. $25 and found....
14 laundrymen. $35. $30 and found! come see.
Laundryman and wife, country. $27 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A.. .....SPECIAL
' Bookkeeper for ranch $40 and found
Line man, sawmill company... ".$67 and found
Blacksmith, lumber company $45 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st. •
A— FRUIT PICKERS........FRUIT PICKERS
Men and boys to pick all kinds of fruit, dif-
ferent parts of country, $26 and $30 and found;
railroad fare from $1 up.......
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ......104 GEARY ST.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.. ..$2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road ....$2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fe« $1 Free fare
Wanted for big tunnel. Chatsworth Park:
£0 tunnel men .a < $2 to $2 50 a day
25 muckers J2 a day
25 drlller3 $2 a day
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work, Coast road, $2 23
day and up Fee $1 Free fare ,
SO swampers, $30 and board, Sonoma Co. : 20
woodsmen, $35 to $45 and found, see boss j
here; 6 quartz miners, $2 50 a day; 3 milkers.
$25 and $30; 2 stablemen. $50 to $60; ranch
blacksmiths, wheelwrights, wagonmakers,
choremen and others.
HOTEL- DEPARTMENT.
Chef, country restaurant, $75; night cook,
country restaurant, $50; baker, country hotel,
. $50; porter and wife, pantry girl, country ho-
tel, $50; porter, springs, ?2O; waiter and wife,
$55; i>orter. country hotel. $25; pantryman,
country hotel, $25; 3 dishwashers, country ho-
tels, $25; 6 hotel waiters, country, $30.
3 colored waiters, country hotel, $23.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A MAN and wife; ranch; $50. MISS CULLEN,
- 325 Sutter st.
A WAITER, Catholic institution across the
bay; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. :;
A— TWO waiters, * Nevada County, $30 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— From painters and decorators, bids,
designs and specifications for decorating the
front of a large mercantile store for the Na-
tive Son celebration. Inquire of AYRES &
GUPTILL, 615 Examiner bulldlns:.
YOUNG man. industrious, willing and of good
habits, to be generally useful in a hotel and
saloon; wages $15 per month; references. Val-
lejo Exrress. 511 Market' St., 2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED— Young man about 17 years as stock
clerk In wholesale millinery house; one with
experience preferred; state reference. 'Box
32S4. Call. ---'.'
WANTED— Assistant bartender. 16 Post st
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. 541 Market st.
STRONG boy about 18 years/assistant Janitor.
Boyd block, 220 Market st.. 9 a. m. ¦ .
ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama st.
WANTED— Three canvassers; salary and com-
mission. 24 Montgomery St.. room 6, 9 a. m.
ONE harnessmaker wanted. W. F. STEIN,
BP5 Fourth st. ¦:.¦'.«-..¦
EXPERIENCED, sober dishwasher. 612 Kear-
. : ny. st. :. . . - '
WANTED — Two good waiters at : the Golden
•West Hotel, 63 Ellis st. .
WANTED— Night cook," wages $10 per week.
Fischer's Bakery, 866 Washington, Oakland.
WANTED— Bedmaker. DEWEY . HOUSE. 33
' ¦_ East St.- ¦-:•/'¦:¦'' -¦¦ . .- .-' ;¦ ' ..•¦¦. V :
GOOD shoemaker wanted on . repairing. 2007^4
: Fillmore St.- ..,.-.-
WANTED— Grocey clerk. CHAS. SUSS, 1049
Howard st. . ' ; .
BARBER wanted: flrst-class; wages guaran-
teed. 407 Bush st.
STEADY barber. wanted. 828 Montgomery ave.
GOOD porter for barber shop: also barber for
Saturday and Vgunday. 11 Sixth st. ; c ~
WANTED— A good waiter; also kitchen helper.
United States Hotel. 123 Eddy st. .,
COOK wanted. 322 Main st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
, sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
BARBKR-SHOP andT baths for. sale; fine loca-
tlon; good business; owner leaving city. '> Ad-'
dress box 32S5. Call. '„ :
WANTED— For ¦ U. -; S. : army, ; able-bodied un-
married men between agea of 21 and 35;"cit-
.-izens of United;' State*; of good- character
; and >¦ temperate ¦ habits, v who' can speak. ¦ rend
i and write English;. recruits are specially de-
sired for i service : In Philippines.' ¦_,. For ; infor-
mation apply -to Recruiting Officer, '121 New
Montgomery ,; St., ¦ San , Francisco, ' Cal. •
TANNERS wanted— Five • to work ; on beams
with turned edges freshings; ten to work hair
. and work out. Apply at POETSCH & PET-
ERSON' S. Tannery, 3112 Army st., San'Fran-
-V.; Cisco."-.-" ' i. . -.:; ..:.-'-...' ¦ ¦ " . '. ¦¦: ¦¦¦ ..' ." . - .
FOREMAN pine yard; large quantities lumber
; handled ; ; must understand . business thorough-
V? ly : : good salary : right ¦ man; state experience.
'/¦: Address box S260, Call. : -.¦•-.¦.-;-¦--' ¦¦¦ -•.-.-.:
EXPERIENCED I boy wanted < who understands
bookbinding. MYSELL-ROLLINS - CO..' 22
/iClayjBt:-::;-'-^'- / - v- :-:¦-,--'.-¦;-"¦ :V"--.- -'-;...
FOR SALE^-Cheap; 2-chalr barber shop, 10 and
"20c; new; furniture;; owner going East. . Box
-;.'. 1 3251.i- Call: office. ¦ ,. ¦ ¦ .; .
WANTED— 20 1 men for light work; ' Pteady Job.
: i 1731^ Folsom St.; between 13th, and 14th.
GET. your shoes half-soled while waiting,- 25c to
.>60c."?662 Mission st. .".bet:- 1st and 2d sts.' -----
$175 " FOR";- good : 15c i barber i shop : , In Mission
: warm • belt. H Inquire ¦ 104 Seventh st. - :
A"i good sober barber; I steady place.
; i Apply at .408 Sixth st.V Oakland.' .
$100,000 TO loan'on" diamonds; watches, ; Jewelry;
%•¦ sealskins, t UNCLE HARRIS,! 15 Grant ave. ¦: .
. WANTED-^A flrst-class window dresser.'i S.* N "
& .WOOD & ; CO.; , 71« ; Market : St. . . S. ; F. :
COAT ¦ makers.*-.' coat : pressers f and vest 'opera-'
- tors. 541 Market st.
FREE FARE
Mines.. ....Gold, Silver and Other Mines..
163 miners, some single hand, some double,
some machine and. Burlelsh drillers, for 37
different mines ...$i»0. $75, $CO and found
365 men to work about the mines as laborers;
anybody will suit; nd experience required; $60,
$;o, $4S, $40 per m«ith and lound; come aee;
Itreman." 16 muckers. *€0; 12 men to learn min-
ing. Crowds going.. MURRAY & READY.
Big wages paid 634 and 636 Clay gt.
HELP ];¦ WAVrKD-FEMALB.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 6343
:. ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents....
Want at .7 a. m. to-day
We ship free..... ""M"
I 7469 men ; for ' all '• parts of California; Utah,
/Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
; ..;.....Free fare and office fee only $1 •••
¦And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
LosAnseles district...... .....Truckee district
Santa Barbara district.. Shasta district
Salt Lake City dlstrict-Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district......... ..Newman district
Dunsmuir district... ........ Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district........ ...Madera. district
San Luis district. ..;:.......»........ Surf district
......Special to Shasta County district
Redding .............Delta ..:..... ....Dunsmuir
and other points./............ ..good wages
and other places; we ship free.... free
>• ..........'....Come one, come all. ..•••••••
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, ¦ splkers, section hands, tur.nel-
.-¦ men, steel ¦ gangs, etc. ; wase3 $3, $2 E0. *- 2a.
J2. $1 DO a day and........... Free shipment
It is no trouble for ua to hire 300 men dally to
;ro to different Why? Because'lt
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see
Free ....:........ .;;... ,......-. •' Free
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COACHMAN. $30 and found; J men and wives.
•ranch and private family. $40 and $i0: vine-
yard man. see boss here this ¦ morning, $30:
laundryman for institution. $40 and found; 2
carpenters, $3 day; 2 coopers, $35 and found;
3 blacksmiths, $2 50 to $3 50 day; wheelwright,
miners," stableman, handy man about place,
woods and mill men of all kinds and many
others. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacra-
mentc- st. , :
2 BELLBOYS. $15 and fcund; waiter, country
hotel J30; 2 bakers' helpers. $25 and $30 and
found: cook for mill crew, $40. fare refunded:
restaurant and coffee house cooks. $15 and
$17 50 week and $30 month, and others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacramento st.
"WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. TJ. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet -4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and BDeak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at th- Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners'can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
. 32S Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; email
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres' Business College by working two hours
each day. *
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co.,
Flood building.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at S27 14th at., near Guerrero.
Ean Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Good all-round blacksmith; steady
job; good wages. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. . £62 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
al! parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
1 — years' practice;. Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: readlne room: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. .
HORSES, LIVE: STOCK. Etc For Sale
FOR SALE— A span of young carriage or coach
horses; extra well matched bays; IS hands
high; weight 1200 lbs each; good roadsters and
perfectly sound; price $300. Address O. M.
BROWN. Denverton, Solano Co.. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
C27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAR load of work and driving horses will be
sold cheap. 814-S16 Folsom st.
FOR SALE — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 6C3 Golden Gate avo.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard «t.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath and basement, in-
qulre corner 13th and Folfom sts.: upstairs.
HOUSES TO LET Ft'RMSHED.
A FURNISHED flat; 3 rooms and bath. 1717
Webster St.. near Sutter: rent $18.
LOST A.\O FOUXD.
LOST— Tuesday night at Tivoli or near Market
and Powell sts., ladles' small watch, set with
. pearls and diamond. Reward for return to
H. LESSER. Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market.
LOST — Pocketbook. containing money on Po-
trero ave. Liberal, reward return to 1314V4
Alabama st., near Twenty-fifth.
LOST— Part pug dog. August 8. with harness
on: answers to name of Tod. Liberal reward
404 Eddy St.
LOST— Young coachdog. Return to 715 Folioin
St.; reward.
LOST — Ledger; name on cover. Alfred C. Kull.
; -Return to 23 Powell St.; reward.
LOST— Monday; pug dog. Please return to
1645 Mission st. ; reward.
LOST— July 21. a military badge pin. shape
of a shield; letter B above and 69 below.
Finder will be rewarded by returning to
JNO. HENRY BANEY. Hibernla Bank.
LOST— White cow with calf: liberal reward. A.
SIMON, Nineteenth ave.. Bay View.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL. "
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1J23 Market st.— Reli-
able ladies' and gent~'' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by Cl-
rectlons; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
WONDERFUL, but. true — Our marvelous mag-
netic foot batteries; cures -rheumatism,
cramps, keeps the feet warm; removes aches
and pains or tired feeling; produces sound
eleep; keeps the blood in circulation; prevents
swelling of the limbs: disease overcome with
these. Shields Agency, at 114 Turk St.. 1st flr.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3, positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou.
Faruls of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists.
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F.: maternity
home; low fees. 1Q07H Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice;, home In confinement: treatment at
office,' $5: any ailment: consultation free; can-
. fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician; call on physl-
| clan with man's knowledge; treatment can
i only be had at office. 31S Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-'
; 1st; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
I consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
; DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 704 Sa cramo n to, cor. Kearny ;ad vice free.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate home
in confinement. 1S12 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist
Office 1118 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats aU dls-
*ay~«s of the human hody. 115 Mm yon st.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALsT
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand mac^eryT~M«>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits en hand-
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made ;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019.- 1021. 1023 Mission st.. above
.]' Sixth; write for catalogue. " *
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
:ft^'w^T I ELlw^2?6 lt | P eay^' nS -
THOROUGHBRED" Newfoundland pups; also 1
tiny black and tan. small; 20 pedigreed heavy-
welght does. $2 50 apiece. 143 Tehama. oft 3d.
A— 100 H. P.* engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 JO DERBY and Fedora S hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
GROCERYMEN.- attention— Large fixtures for
gale cheap at 953 Howard st.
2D-HAND photographio and magic lantern out-
, fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A' 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
-proof safe. . 216 California st.
8-LB steel Trail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS.. 538 Brannan st. . ¦
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
300C FT. ?d-hand pipe, %-tnch, black & straight.
l%c per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver it.
2ND-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes. :
etc. ; general ' machine > work. 137 Beale . si. • ¦
2ND-HAND engines,* boilers, dynamos. motor»
. : and gasoline eng. " H.' S. White,' 516 Mission.
A' FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
- CLOTHING. PARLORS," 437 Montgomery St. j
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and
$20r mother and daughter or two friends, as
cook and waitress, boarding-house, $30 and $20.
MISS CULLEN. . 325 Sutter st. ¦
A— WORKING housekeeper; country; $1S. MISS
CULLEN.' 325 Sutter St. ; -, .- "- ': ' '-¦-_ - . '
2 STARCHWORKironers, $30 each. MISS CUL-
t LEN, 225 Sutter st. : . ¦ ¦ . - '
LAUNDRESS, private family, Santa Cruz, $30,
fare paid.' MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
A-FRENCH chambermaid and seamstress, $23;
~. French second ; girl $25; German nurseglrl,
$20; 4 second girls, city, $20 each: second girl.
Alameda, $25; -chambermaid, country hotel.
$20; waitress, < Benicia, $23; 10 chambermaids
and waitresses/city and country, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttcr st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ...... ..10* GEARY ST.
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fancy lroner,' flrst-claas country hotel, $35 and
free fare both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. '
PLAIN ¦ lroner for Harvey Eating House, - $25,
.see party -here,' free, fare; head waitress and
second girl for Institution, see party here at
2:30 to-day; 25 waitresses, city and country;
; chambermaid to wait, mining town, $25; 4
chambermaids to wait; cook. Institution, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES. Santa Monica, $20 and frea
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
........... FAMILY ORDERS ••
German nurseglrl, $20; 2 girls to go together,
San Rafael, $25 each; cook and second girl,
Berkeley, $40; mother arid daughter, $30; 50
- houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SHAMPOOER. springs, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary et. ¦
WANTED — 2 flrst-class German cooks, no wash,
$35; cook and second girl, same American
family, $25 and $20; 6 second girls, $20 and
$25; 8 German, French and Irish nurseglrls,
$20; 8 waitresses and chambermaids, city and
country hotels,"$20 and $25: plain lroner. coun-
try hotel, $25; laundress, private family, $30;
150 girls for general housework In city and
country at $25 to $35. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT Agency, 316 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist chamber-
work, wages . $15; 2 chambermaids, country
hotel, $20 each; 2 chambermaids and 1 wait-
resB, hotel, city, $20; 4 cooks, $25, $30 and $35;
housegitl, family of 2, $20; number of girls to
. assist, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter aU
WOMEN and glrla for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornlnn Canneries Co., Ltd.. Brannan Et.,
between Third and Fourth.
800 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32H Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. ,
APPRENTICES on overalls. -STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — An educated, energetic woman to
travel, for business firm; previous experience
not necessary. Box 3253, Call office.
WANTED— Photographic retoucher who under-
. stands mounting and finishing. Sunset Studio,
113 Fourth St.
WANTED — German girl for chamber work,
waiting on table and sewing. Apply 2202
California st ' . ,'
WANTED — Experienced young lady In whole-
eale millinery house to make fancy feathers.
Box 32S3. Call.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework;
German. Danish or French preferred. Call at
1712 Stockton St.. between 9 and 12 a. m.
APPRENTICES and operators on men's neck-
wcar. L. SAMTER & SON. 51S Market gt.
BUTTONHOLE makers and apprentices want-
. e,d on vests at rooms 41 and - 42, 40 Ellis st.
GIRL or woman as kitchen help. Apply 443
Third Bt.
NEAT girl to assist: good home to right girl.
3938 Seventeenth St., near Castro. .
GIRL for housework; wages $13. Call 12 Hart-
ford *st., off Eighteenth, • near Castro.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's white
shirts; steady work good hands. 535 ..Valencia.
I WANTED— Girl for general housework; also
girl to assist with children. 2912 Clay Bt.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Ml Market St.
WANTED— A good pants finisher; steady work.
40 Ellis 'st., room 50, top floor. .
TWO compositors* also younsr lady to learn
proofreading and typesetting. Box 32S0, Call.
FIRST-CLASS help on fine coats. 118 Russ st.
WANTED — Nursegirl; must -sleep home. „- Call
417 Larkln st., between 10 and 12; wages $10.
TWO women for general housework; with or
without a child. 1304 Post st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework
and mind baby. 825 Larkln st. :
NEAT, respectable German woman; housework
and cooking for 1 lady. Call afternoon at 427
Valencia st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl for
general housework. ' 2848 Twenty-second st. .
EXPERIENCED feeder for ruling. MYSELlT
ROLLINS & CO., 22 Clay st. '¦
Al OPERATORS wanted on cloaks. Apply M.
SIMONOFF. 1228 Market St. ¦
NEAT middle-aged German woman willing to
work for a good home. 1833 Stockton st. , (
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework:
wages $10. 132 Second ave., Richmond.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.*
1731' Foleom «t., between 13th and) 14th.
YOUNG girl to assist : in general housework.
2703 Jackson «t. :
GIRL of 14 to mind « baby; can attend night
school. 2111 Geary . st. , • near Scott.
GIRL : about 16 to assist v In housework. Call
after 9 at 916 Fulton 'st.; ; . .- v
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
: cooking. t 3319 Clay s st. .-; \ • .-; •¦"••¦'¦:
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.y 641 Market st. -
SEWERS: ' take work home on ladles' flannel
gowns, skirts, etc. Apply H. FRIE2DLAN-
DER. 358 Fell st.
GIRL for general housework; J in family;
wages $12. 1134 Ellis st. V . ¦:, -->- '•¦ ; - . .*7.
GIRL or woman: for. light' housework; wages
; $8. 787 Stevenson at.,* oft Ninth; v" -,; ¦¦_'.
EXPERIENCED operators " on i negligee ! shlru;
good pay.: 27< Jessie st.; fifth, floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
: received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
"A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
. ¦ lencla st." . "- : •' -'- - "; ~,i- <¦ - •¦ '-*";*" :----..-¦-
,";"¦/; HELP WANTED— MALE. ~
wanted v.;;.;.'^.i;^;.;.v..;..;;;.;r.;....;....
¦ : Blacksmith l helper,: no ¦ shoeing,', $2 ¦ day; ¦ ma-
¦-¦< chine drillers, ¦ $3 i a* day; ' hand * miners.* $2 50
.' day; muckers, .$2 day; hoetler,; country sta-
. ble, $30 and . found; 3 choremen ¦"- on i ranches,
. $20 and $23; young man to care colts, $20 and
f; ! found ; farmer, for orchard,* and .wife to ; cook
} -. for men; waiter,', neat place/. clty; ; $40; waiter,
/country hotel, $30 and fare' advanced;, baker's
;.; helper, $35 "and -found:- camp cook- for "shln-
-.-¦. gle . mill,: near^ city, ? $30; : kitchen p and • dining
. room norters, « $25. each. W. D. EWER &
::,; CO.;\ 610 Clay - B t; > ,:-. : .-.;¦>;.- ;"' ; ¦ ;.,. ¦¦¦:,' -. ,¦.,-;. ;: :
MEN," women; learn ' chiropody.'i dermatology . by
:'.•; mall ; ¦ diplomas. : Correspondence • Department,'
254 .Sixth ave.. -, New* York.^ Write., : ' .
COATMAKER for country.' Apply REISS
; v BROS>&;cO., z4 Butter gt.: -
TWO : experienced - shoe i clerks ; good rustlers.
. Call at 820 Market St., 40 a..m. ,
WANTED-^2 safesmen for. retail crockery busl-
¦ .:ness. t ; Box 3254.1 Call.? ,: ... •
jWANTED-A',' young i man ¦- to '¦ drive r cart and
yi work in butcher shop. 1308 Pacific st.'
THIRD hand in bakery. : 1829 Polk st.
GOOD : barber: ' steady Job.' 725 Fourth at.. San
J Rafael : f telr; Red 15. ;; ..--.s .; -
«WANTED-^-A good sober dishwasher at 406 Mc-
h Alllster st. "*(ji'WJLiLwwlt|lDiWHll
w fTtr. J i ¦¦¦¦¦ • ¦
MISCELLANEOUS FOn SALLJ.
A FEW second-hand National cash registers^
cheap: easy terirs. PIERCE & CO.. roonvi
Sl> Emporium building.
TYPEWRITER. *fo. 2 Smith Premier: uit^
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4C9 Cal.
EDISON concert phono.trraph — Reduced price
$7S; concert »ecord». $150. B^cigalupj, S33 Mkt."
PORTABLE engines, botlers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 135 Beale.
SFCOND-HANI> fireproof safe: I fire and burg-
lar proof safa; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, nevr and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE n^R-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-4^1 Sacramento »t.
SAFES— New and second-hand; alt sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFK. 103-111 Markft at.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS TVAXTS.
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. 22 Swenth
St.. opposite new PostofQce.
SEALSKINS are what we pay b!« prices for
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25~ Stockton stl
IF you Wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call en B. COHEN. V.7 Third: tei. P.iarlc 4123
MO.tKV TO LOA.'..
ANY amount at 6 rwr cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort^
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my t-rms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. £,
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; flrit,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages. life Insurance. Rpcm 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLOP.AN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgage, ani en
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 2S Montgomery.
O^J furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
Tpervlee: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTIIAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FCRNITTJRO
O. H. HARSHBARCER. 322 Ellis, room *4.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 933.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit in city: also
$150, COO on large ranches: also on second mcrt-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture anil
planoa: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY to loan on furnlture,planos, fixtures;
low rates; confld. Rm. 603. Winchester Hotel.
ANY amount on furniture and piano*; 3 per
cent: no removal; no com. Room 31. fl Eddy.
II. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people -without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott blgr.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy <it.
ANY sum. 1st or Id mortgaers. estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner bull-ling.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without remo-ral: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WASTED.
LOAN of (2000 wanted for five years at 8 per
cent: good real estate security. Apply to C.
r>.. 2C61 Pacific ave.. .Alameda: If personally,
between S and 8 p. m*.
MUSICAL lNSTitL'MK.\T5.
THE finest tuning and repalrtns done at MAtT-
VAIS.' 769 Market St.
A NEW lot of "Baby" Deckers Just received;
they are beauties and so reasonable In price.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchase
if desired; prices low for a good article.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights 16 cash. $3 per month: some
good pianos for $3. $t and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. STEIMWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth St.. Oakland.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright: walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; in fine order.
One Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
One Neumann Upright: very good.
One Curtaz Upright; oak case; excellent.
Prices from $135 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 CFarrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing: possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS — A beautiful 3-pedal upright, mag-
nificent tona and case, used a few months.
$1M: Fisher upright. $30: a Stelnway upright,
used a few years. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ness to 933 Market, bet. 5th and 6th, next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'ngra; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strings ; nev<*r wet; best in the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson/ 417 Geary st
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storagiV
at your own price; also Spencer's retireii
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
$150— ELEGANT large 3-pedal upright, or rent
for $2 50 month. 342 Kearny st.
FINE- upright piano, valued j:;n. for* $100. Call
1309 Stockton «t., before August 14.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $75 up; installments $5
up; rents $2 up. HEINE. 13C Ellis st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.:
Hard man. Conover and other pianos.
SOHilER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER. 411 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hajlett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 1L
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $5 payments;
for rent. $2 np. BRTTENN. IPS Post st.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD piano teacher like few more pupils; 25o
a' lesson. ESO O'Farrell st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine, light front rooms on
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel : rent $30
per month. Addresa DR. PIERCE & SON.
63> Market st.
LARGE room, unfurnished, facing Market st. :
suitable for doctor. Metropole Hotel, • Turk.
FOR rent — Elegant offices and rooms in Y. M.
C. A. bldg.; all modern Imps.; rent very low.
HAVE part of furnished office to rent. Apply
531 Parrott bldg.
TO i rent— ICodem : store: well lighted: 25x140;
rent reasonable. S23 Hayes st.
; 1
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaartl. Prea. St. Germain College of"
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. «1S Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Information concerning where-
abouts of MRS. LILLIE TAYLOR or her
mother. MRS. MARSHALL, both formerly of
' • New Orleans. Addresa box 3279. Call office.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. QEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland;
PILES— 300 permanent cures In San Francisco
who can be seen: no operation; no pain- par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950.' Call.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
830 Market «t. cor Stockton; kodaks. 3Hx3%.
only 4 25c: no charge for blank negatives- oro-
fesglonal advice free; lessons given, 50c each.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~ '. ~~~~~
Mattresses and pillow, 'made H ?cf^rder! R^:
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed: prices defy competition; fine upholstery:
phone 5309; factory.. 31S and S2O Eleventh st.:
nrst-«Iass cleaning and dying. 409 Sutter «..
- San Francisco.
ILE^^^thTTc^aTTalrdr^eliTlnTTtTte
halrdressing for 2Sc; no : extra charge far
fancy or elaborate coiffures. 123 Stockton »C
LEDERER'3 Foamo Shampoo la the best In tHa
market;. cleanaes. beaut lflea the hair; So rly».
INSTITUTE of Science; .n»«atlr« . «»w.t^I! I
- : t'c 9 : - magnetic healing; ' personal magnetwfv '
hypnotism. PROFESSOR FISHER, In-
structor. 517 Mason gt. ,
LEDERER'3 Quintoniea ¦ Hair Tonic: an •*-
| tract quinine; pure, simple, haxsaleas; 33a bat.'
HELP WANTED-MALB.
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
DR. CREELY"SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by flrugglsUor at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city .visits $1 B0; all
'animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel, i West 6?«.
DOG HOSPITALS.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
' furniture, ; carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.'
ALFRED r WOLLPERT.-; 773 Mission " St.. < pays
-highest price for your second-hand furniture.
$3000 ¦ we rth ! of furniture, : carpets. : etc.* wanted.
M. * Silvemein. 1121 ¦. Market; tel. : Fohom 1103.Continued From Page » Ten.
COMMERGIAL NEWS
- "- David Keil (owner) . with W. L. Holman
(contractor), ; architect : E. ' R. Swain— One pas
senger and one, freight elevator ; and dumb
waiter, for alteratfbns and additions to make a
five-story and basement brick and wood-build
ing on . NW : line of . Mission - street.' 165 NW of
iFourth, v NE 57 :6 . by £ NW .- 160; r J2fi50. -':: '¦¦
George'. C. . Alferltz . (owner) : with , • William
Horstmeyer • & ;. Co.- (contractors), ' architects C.~
A.* Meussdorffer — All. work except plumbing and
painting ' for.i alterations " and i; additions • for J a
frame ; building; on NW. corner of 1 Green street
and Montgomery avenue, W.7S:8, N 68:9, E 21:5.
SES9:5^; $2727.. :
Builders' Contracts.
-John"- F.'- and i Frederick ¦ J. - French * to John
Harrigan, lot ' on . S t line of ' Golden Gate ave
nue, ,205 E. of Laguna, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
terest ¦ in lot on NE- line of Sixteenth avenue.
50 NW of Q street. NW-75 by NE 100, block
304,;O'Niel & Haley Tract; gift:
" Paul ';.; and • ' Clara * - Friedman to Bertha ' E.
Mlchelsen. 4 lot on N line of Union street, 59:6V»
E of OctavIa.iE 25 by S 85; J10. -
given are. in addition to the soundings on the
United ¦ States . Coast ; Survey , charts, except
when : a"; minus sign (— ) precedes : the height,'
and then the. number given Is subtracted . from
the i depth given ;• by the charts."' The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower, low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
I^ador Raphael to i Bertha B. Raphael < (wife
of • Isldor),* lot on W corner -of Sumner and
Clementina streets, SW, 72 by. NW gOi'gilt/
; George Pf uelb to T name,-, same ; ¦ $10.
¦ Mary J." Ogle (wife of John) to Mary H.. East
wood lot on W. line of Rhode Island street,. 175
N of Yolo.'N 25.by W 100; $10.
City,; and j County of , San Francisco to . same,
same; $— — •¦¦ <¦••••-.; - -¦¦¦¦..,¦
Albert Meyer to Frank A. Martin, lot on W
line of EiRhteenth avenue, 100 N of I street, N
100 'by ; ; W.f 120; $10. V ¦ ¦' - 1 
t Olive .Verkouteren. to Frank and Maggie Dass-
Ier; ' lot ¦ on ' NE ' corner ¦ of ; • College ¦ and • Felton
Btre'ets.-N lOO^bytE 120,; lot 5, block 55,' Uni
versity Homestead; $10. \-~ : " /. ¦ ; ; -;
Warren Dutton; to Oscar Heyman, lot on W.
line of • Oxiord street." 100 N .' of Felton, •" N i 100
by W 120,ilot3, block 101, University Home-
Btead Association; MO.;, _' . . • ,-•;,';
-Henry Black to Gavin McNab. lot on N line
of ; Crescent street/ 148:5 E of - Holly, E 25 by
N ICO lot 47/ block 3,-. Holly Park Addition: J350."
- llcnryelte -¦ and Emanuel , Bruck to , L.- Bruck
and Frances Wilzinskl.' lot on S line of Ellis
street ; 27:GK'of Polk.'. E ! 27:6 ; by S 120;. $10. -
• Margaret Fitzpatrlck; (Dorgan) to J Elizabeth
Taylnr lot on KE oorner of Myrtle avenue and
Lafruna street. S 25 by E 62i6; $10.» . ¦> ,:
Timothy B. nml . Lizzie Shea : to : Michael ¦ and
-Mary > A. • McCarthy; lot on *.W." line of :: Lyon
street "E0 S of Turk,- •• S;25'by t .W--H2:6:;$10. 1 ,.
-Alnierlc and Mary Coxheadto George P. Tal
lant, r»rccord ! 1S71 . D ; 269, lot on E ¦ line of Wal
nu t ; street, - 63 :10'.i : S of . Pacific. : S . 63 :10V4 . by ; E
S":6: Jl. .,.-¦ ; i.. '.-:> .„:..." - : ".'.; : ".. '-...' ¦;_¦¦., . ¦,' "¦/'¦'.-¦
'.¦Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society. to Marian
A.*- Fllnn. ' lot: on S line of , Seventeenth t street,"
B5 W o£;Howard,iW 25 by;S 95; $2300. i'v ;
• - City * and '•; County : of ; San i Francisco • to Flor
ence *R.- FriBbee, lot on SE corner of Fourteenth
and : Noe : etreet.«,'- S • 52:6 by, E : 105; ? also ; lot 5 on
E .line of Noe •- street/f 77:6 ;N of «Henry, •; N • 25
bv; E 105: :also ' lot on E : line of : Noe street.^ 27:G
¦ N ¦¦ of Henry. * N< 25 by . E ¦ 105 ; ; also lot on S line
of ; Fourteenth .¦ street;' 130 ¦ E ; of . Noe. : E : 150 ; by
. Henrietta : S. Sch'eper ..". to . Catherine Kamps.
lot : on S line of Clipper street. 133:4. E of Noe,
E'24:« by S114::$17OO. ' : >»¦•--.. .*. -::,rj. .-,,-,.
m E. \slJ.-.vWakeman ' to William ¦- H.", Chapman
(trustee),* lot -¦ on '. S^ T : corner of ' Pine . and Bat
tery. streets,'; W s 97:6 by ? S;45:10f;f also lot 'on i NK
linej of iNlnth? street. % 120 \ SK v of -. Harrison^ SE
50 ibylNE 1 100: ; also i lot on : SE \ Itne 1 of i Harrison
Btreet.7 125 KB of . Ninth, NE 25 . by SE : 170 : also
lot: on ¦ SE ' line of ; niackwood ; street.T. 125 ;¦ NE ; of
Ninth; NE ; 25 by : SB t- 75; also property ? outside
of". county; $1. • *¦«».•
k- Cora W., and James H. Morton to F.'J. Povey,"
lot i on 1 E *r line i of .\Thirty-fl fth •¦ avenue \ 200 • 8 • of
Clement .street.^ S 25 bv E 120; $10. :¦¦-., ,..»....
; -Brld;et-Fox > to 1 Peter Fox,' undivided r half tn-
HEAL ESTATE TB ANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ¦ABRiyAT^S.
PALACE HOTEL.
A J'Donan & w, Ariz
J H Holcombe. U S N
G Allen & w, V S N
OB Wells & w. U S N
W Martin. U S N
B Brooks, Bakersfieia
C Roeder & f, Madera
Mrs Blvien, S Mateo
Miss FjHeldman, Cinn
Mrs ; Heldman, Clnn
Miss R Levy. Ky
MIbs'K Levy, Ky
D Johnson & w, Clnn
S Mackenserler, N Y
F S Curtis, Pa
W Richardson, Bc»ton
J C White, Boston
A Chester & w, NY.
Misa A Chester, N,Y
G J McCarthy. Merced
K P Dunn, S Barbara
H.G.James,' L Anz
C H Kreis & w, Pa
L Lindham & w. N Y
F ! C Perens & w. . N Y
E Hutchlngs & w, N Y
C Russell & w. N Y
F Schlesinger, Chicago
C Newberger, L- Ang
Mrs J A Hardln,"Nev
Miss E Hardln, Nev
J Benson & d, Chicago
NVE- Gedge-.": Japan
Misses Gedge, . Japan
Senator C. . J. Faulk-
I ner t w, TV" Va .
E D Berlad. S Mateo
II G Moore.- S Jose
J P . Smith. Llvermore
B Frazler & w, Liverm
O Fissler, Liverpool
R V Ellis. Han ford
F J Ives. USA
Chamberlain, N Y
EsP Ross, N J
J R Koched, N J
C E Wood. . U- S A '
Mrs Wood. U S A
F L Mather. US A -
Mr Mercer & w, N J
A Hamor, Lodl ? •
C S - Untermeyer, N . Y
E Churchill & w, Napa
Miss Churchill, - Napa
J Ham. NY.;
Dr Robbins. Phoenix
GRAND HOTEL.
W'Wolf, Portland
D B Hendrlcks, Oregon
G Cunningham :¦- & w.
Blue Island, 111
J ¦ Pinney. , Boise '
B W Sewall.N Y
K WRuft, Rossland
J S Helm & w, St Paul
H •• Dcnvers, Columbua
Mrs.', H Logan, Oregon
Miss Lay, Oregon
Mr Troy \ & w, Ptland
H B Timmonds," Ohio
B W Hardman, Lindsy
Mrs J ' A Nordln, Agua
W : Thomas, Chlco . -
J H Benedict, Jr. Cal
E Kelly,. Napa ' - . «
H E Hlgglns, Cal.
G Enrlght. Salt Lake *
J P Eagle, Arkansas
V Li<Mell; • Fresno s " ¦ -'
K- Leonard & w, Ariz
L'ASpitzer, San' Jose
15 F Stoll, Sacto .
O ; F r Atwood, • Stdckton
WC Potts & w, . Cal ¦¦¦
J R Robinson Jr. Chico
C H Cooper, Chgo
P M Baumgartner, Chg
C Hay.dock, Los Ang ¦
W F Knox, Sacto
D J Reilly, Cal
F D Smith. N Y
G R Wilson & w, Cai:
H ' Blackford,-. Livermor
P H McNlcor," Livermor
G w lyippman, Cal .
A Auze & w.- Chicago
S Benloff , ; Los Ang .
W D Buckley & w, Cal
W C "Nason, S- Diego/
L "J- Evans, Napa • v
E C Auld, Cal *•:,
EH Qulmby, Kan Cty
M E Gaines. Cal. : ¦
Miss H Templeton,-Cal
LA Shenck. Whtttier
L D Syle, Berkeley,
JD Hanson, iS' Jose
Vy'. Jl Washburn • & w.
Lob Ang .>"¦ -¦¦,'¦¦¦ -
W McGifTert, Cal
D B Wilder, S Cruz T
G W. Wrisht, ': Boston -'
S . S Dobbins, Vacavllle
A J - Dobbins, s Vacavill
G B McKee. San Jose •
S ' H Wagner, S Jose U
H Thompson, Washtoh
N Butler. <& w, .Princtn
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Majea
tlc.t from'.New •- York," for LlverpooL .' w, •• .^:
s Sailed V Aug '¦ 8"— Stmr ' Servla, from Liverpool,
for NewiYork. -...•..¦ ¦ :.'--'-;>:-:.' y-.--.-''
i.-, LIVERPOOL- Sailed \ Aug \ S^Stmr, Sylvanla,
for«BoBton.-v ' ¦¦. - - - ' .
' NEW -YORK— Arrived Aus 8— Stmr Barba
rossa^frdm; Bremen,"? etc.
: Sailed i Aug '? S— Ptmr - New i York. , for. South
ampton:; stmr iDeuts^hland.^. for,' Hamburg, via
Cherbourg % and •' Southampton ; • strnr . Ken»Ing
tou3 for^ Antwerp. *.:;. :¦¦¦>:' . ."'',>;
Sailed Aug- ;-S-Stmr Kai
perin I Maria '« Thete?a," from ' Bremen. '. for Xew
¦ York. 4 . via* Cherbourg. - . ., ¦ •.
-HONGKONG— Sailed ;¦ Aug- 8— Stmr Empresa
of : China, for c Vancouver, via Yokohama. ; .; '•
OCEAN ii STEAMERS.
• MANILA— Sailed "Aug 7— Br stmr Port Steph
ens/:; for " Seattle. ¦-;>•¦. - .
, KANAIMO— Arrived Ausr ; 7— Haw gtmr San
Mateo,'-hence\Ausr 2. : . •
« V ANCOU VER— Arrived Aug 8. 10 :30 a > m— Br
stmr ; Empress i of : Janan." from ; China.
FOREIGN 5 PORTS.
i NEW 'YORK- Arrived Aug 7— Stmr; Advance,
from' Colon."-,'- r : ¦»". /- T '' ;; -:•¦: n^'-'-.,^-'- SX '"¦ :- 1
: Balled Aub 7— Stmr Allianca." for. New, Tork.
EASTERN ; PORT.
:;:.. domestic; ports.
CAPE NOME— In port July 30— Stmr Roanoke
stmr : Centennial, stmr Lakme, stmr 'Albion
stmr Alliance, stmr Homer hence July 21; stmr
Morning -Star, bark Theobald, stmr Aberdeen
In port July 31— Stmr Aloha, brie Geneva and
bktn^Ruth. •, • - : • . . v-..-
SOUTH BEND-^Arrived Au_ 8— Bktn Omega,
from Honolulu.
, SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Nome; stmr Walla Walla, hence Aug
4: stmr Oregon, from Cape > Nome; stmr San
Pedro, from , Cape Nome; stmr Willamette,
hence -Au_ S3. ¦•-:¦¦ ,;•.- •• . .,
Sailed > Aug 8— Br stmr Pak Ling, 'for Taku*
Btmr ; Santa. Cruz, for San Francisco. . \
-Arrived • Aug v. 8— Stmr Oregon, -from ¦ Port
Townsend;iBr stmr-Pak Ling, hence to-day for
China, returned on account of being Improperly
ballasted." -•"-.¦' • . ¦ - ¦---¦
COOS .:: BAY— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Arcata,
hence Aug 4. ' t ...
v ¦ Sailed "Aug : 7 — Stmr Empire, ' for San Fran
cisco. -¦ .. : : . -
Sailed Aug- 8— Schr Gotama, for San Fran
cisco. v •¦>¦: - •.;-¦'_." '¦'¦• •-.-/.'¦ .• -.'..-. ; ... ¦ - .¦¦.-.
; NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Ayr 7— Stmr Fulton,
from ' Eureka. ' - >
'.Salled"Aug 7 — Schr Eric, "- for ' Port Townsend
Sailed Augr 8— Stmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
• PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug .. 8— Sehr I Fal
con," from Port Townsend : schr Annie M Camp-"
bell.'* from ? Port = Townsend. ', . -¦ - t - ¦ ,
;¦; FORT. BRAGG— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Sequoia,*
for • San Pedro. • ' - ¦ '
; GREENWOOD-i-Arrlved Aug 8— Stmr . Green
wood,* hence f Aug 6... ¦-': .: ;-¦¦:, £-¦
' EUREKA— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Orizaba,' hnc
Aur 6. *;¦--¦•/_- •--;¦--¦';. - ¦..< ¦,-,..--¦_ _...,,:,-.
¦j- SailedTAug 8— Stmr Orizaba, for. San_ Fran
cisco."•'/•:'. - '; '"'¦" - v ,'.' : '>. '¦'¦ "'-"*.. ; ;
Arrived- Aug 8— Stmr Pasadena.', from San
Pedro.' ¦ - ' : . . • .
1VERSENS ".LANDING— Sailed i Aug 8— Schr
Archie and Fontle,- for San Francisco. '.:.-¦
.ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Columbia,
hence Au_G.: •
¦CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Aug 8. at 6 p in—
Stmr Scotia, l for San Francisco. -~ •« 't«99KHs^M9|
: TACOMA— Arrived Aug- 8— Schr Ludlow.
' Sailed Aug 8— Brig Courtney Ford, for; San
FranciFCO. ' vmiw jrm f gUJjfWHHBMH!
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Aug 8— Stmr
Alcatraz, 1 - for San Francisco.* -
-PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug S-^Stmr
Chas > Nelson, t from Nome; stmr Oregon, '. from
Nome, for Inspection. .< .
Sailed Aug 4— Schr Sailor Boy, for Grays
Harbor.-- -'-' ' - • • . ". - -
<-»i Passed "Aug 8— Ger ; ship Athene, ¦ from "¦ Port
I>o» An»eles, for .. - •
. •• SAN .? PEDRO— Arrived Aug 8-^-Stmr W ¦ H
Krugeri* hence ? Aug 6. '":-;•¦ :
>.TILLAMOOK— Arrived, Aub 8— Stmr Luella,
hence *Au_ . 4. • -' ; -a_Wlt iwm\umvPbatSirt?f^&,
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE, Aus 7— Rumored that stmr Aloha
struck I rock entering Port Clarence July 14 in
fog. • Propellers * broken, smashed bilge keel,
tearing: portion . of bow away. - .-
The stmr Robert Dollar, from Seattle, for
Cape Nome, was ashore on St Lawrence Island.
Got oft and arrived at Cape Nome July 2S.
June 23, lat 10 N, Ion 25 W— Br ship Cromarth
shlre, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles
Per Ger ship J W .Wendt— July 14. lat 5 06 S
Ion 112 40 W.Br bark MKLC. ¦ .
- July 21. lat 9 44 N, Ion . 120 03 W— Br bark
Mount Stuart, from Tacoma, for Queenstown
July 21, lat 9 44 N, Ion 120 C3 W— Ger ship
Nesaia, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Augr-4— Schr Lettltla, from Cape Nome, for
San Francisco. • ¦ : ,.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, : Aug 8. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
• •-*"¦ Wednesda'y. Au_ust" 8.
•T- Stmr Alameda, Von Otterendorp, Sydney, via
.flonclulu. ¦ • - . . .;
. Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama. ?
. ¦ Stmr Matteawan. CroscuD, Tacoma,
•.. Stmr Progreso. Zolling-. Seattle.
;. Stmr Sunol, Green. . Usal. .
- Stmr, Alex Ihincan, Macgenn, — : — .
Stmr Rival. : Johnson. IWlllapa Harbor. "
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, . ,.
¦ ;Nor stmr- Tltania,' Gullicksen,- Nanalmo...'
; • Br ship Thallata, Partridge, Queenstown.
¦ Br ship Manydown, Evans, Queenstown.
Schr Queen, -Nielsen.. Grays Harbor. -- '--¦-¦
* Schr Nettle Sundborr. Anderson. Fish Rock.
• Schr C S Holmes. Johnson. - — .
' " Schr Newark, « Beck, - Bowens • Landing.
Wednesday, August 8.
"¦ .'Stmr Alameda, Von Otterendorp, Sydney; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. *
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins -& Co.
Stmr " San •- Bias. McLean, Panama, etc: P M
S S Co. ,
Br-. Btmr; Wellington, Salmond, Comox; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Nor stmr Titanla, Gulllcksen, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br ship Larpo Law, Henderson, Queenstown;
Girvin . & Eyre.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED. . •
Wednesday, August 8.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Bragg.
¦' Ger ship J W.Wendt, Niehoff, 137 days from
Hamburg. " -
Schr .Winchester, Soderholm, 14 days from
Unga. -
THE SA^ST FKANGISGO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1 900.
13
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers" leave Broadway
fcs^ wharf. San Francisco:
?*%¦«. For Alaskan ports— 11 a.
r^fSfS^. m -- A »K u st ?• ?. 1*. 1^ 24.
|S&>*S2>S5S^ 29 - s «t. 3 - Change to com-
C5& BBd^Sg pony's steamers at Seattle.
E^Km^3 For Victoria, Vancouver
R®g^^^n (B. C.I. Port Townsend. 3e-
/^^MaBa5g5a - attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and ¦ New Whatcom
•^* (Wash.) — 11 a." m.. August 4.
9. 14. 19. 24. 29, Sept. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.; Change at Seattle . to this com-
pany's cteamera. for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
Seattle or .Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y. r • ;
• For Eureka; Humboldt Bay — 2 p m.. August
1. 6. 11. 18. 21, 16. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter. <¦ .- ¦ . '
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port -Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavict»,
Santa Barbara. \> ntura. • Hueneme. San P#dra,
East San Pedro (Lou Angeles) and Newport-i
a. m., August 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27.- »L Sept. 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lull Oblsoo).' Santa Barbara. Port
Los Aasreles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 i.
m.. August 1. 5, 9 12. 17. 21. 25. 29, Sept. 5.
ami every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7tb of each
month.
For further Information obtain company a
folders. . ' ...
The company reserves the right to chans?
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
• TICKPT OPKiru-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
• Passengers are advised to inspect the Senator
before, purchasing 'tickets via . other steamers,
as her second-class I and steerass accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised ifor
Nome. .The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer — for. 25 years, and is th* Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further - information
inquire ot H. H. LLOYD,- Ocean Dock. Seattle,
AVash.:N.POSTON. 243 Washington St.. Port-
land, Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.; GOODALL; PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Acts., 10 Market St. TICKET OF-
FICE — * New Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6
OAT . OR ABOUT
WILL SAtL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
; SE1TA.TQR
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Pacfflo Coast Steamship Co.
DI Ft E ;CT.
TYPEWRITEHS AND SUPPLIES." :
GREAT- BARGAINS lN^TTPEWRITER^— We
sell better machines for less money, than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California, telephone Main ". 266.
NEW typewriters; $5 down,' $5' month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st:
DIVIDEND ; SOTIC13S. ';:'>'
DIVIDEND ' notice.— Dividend ¦""no. 7 - IS (thirty
cents per share)"of the 1'aauhau Sugar. Plan-
; tatlon Company, will be payable at tlie office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Friday, -August 10. 1900. /Transfer- books
closed on - Saturday. -Ausrust 4, 1900,'' at 12
o'clock, m. ' - E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 20, of i seventy-;
. five cents (75c) per share on. the: Issued >cap-
- ital stock cf the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cai-
i Jfornia St., San Francisco, on August 10,
1S00. • Transfer books close August 3,;1900, at
.noon. ¦¦ , A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.%
'¦ ¦¦¦V-/ PROPOSALS.
S^rHlAN^^cb7^T^^gu\r6Tl900.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate., will be received here,
" until 12 m., Thursday, August 18, 1J00, and then
. opened, lcr furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the Presidio, San Francisco. : Government re-
serves right ¦ to reject or . accept any and all
bids or any part thereof. Bids .will be con-
' Bldered for a less number of horses than that
stated. =¦ Preference given to articles of domes-
tic production, conditions of price and quality
(including In the' price of. foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such pref-
erence given to articles of American ;produc-*
tion produced on the ! Pacific Coast,; to, extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information- furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster
General, U. S. Army. Chief Quartermaster.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marln County. Cal.. asks for bids tor
the construction of a- system, of rewersMn
Ross Valley, Marln County, as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Right reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between 'the hours of
9 a. m. and 1! m.. and 2 and 4 p. m.' All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday. Aug. 17. at It o'cloqjc a. m.
¦ Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for 5 per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
• nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
' of the contract ¦ price.' •
HENRY F.ALLEN. President.
T..B. BERRY. Sec. 120 Sutter St.. S. F.
MAIIBIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: |
' Ernest F. Verwiebe, E3, 153H Third street,
and Emma Wabel. 42. city. ' .-/•¦;
Edward W. Bill, 22, 1021 Greenwich street,
and Lulu L. Laederich, 19, 1516 Pacific avenue.
Albert Fuller, 32. 4 Jones street, and Dor-
othy Heusch, 24, 229 Fourteenth avenue.
Alexander A. Bergman, 21. city, and ; Marie
Furhoter, 24, Alameda. . .
Joseph Lalb Jr.. SO, 1671 Post street, and The-
resa A. Kelly, 20, 343<Fell street.
Gustav Hammel, 32. 20 Bernard street, and
Annie Softa; 19. 119 Farallones street. *
Isaac Zeigph. 23, 321 Ninth street, and Ella
Bcheyer, 26, 1650 Hayes street.
E. Holland Rubottom. 27, Santa Ana, and
Mary E. Linnell. 21. city. . ¦" ... .
, Edward E. Winkler. 23. 64 East -Park street,
and Bertha- Petersen, 18, 622 Railroad avenue.
Joseph A. Muller. 30. 104 Turk street, and
Minnie M. Baxter, 30. 104 Turk street.
George L.' Mason. 35. Cordelia, and Lucia M.
Klusman, 19. Cordelia.
Joseph M. Etienne, 24, city, and Mollie Ber-
thold, 21, city. .,
VENKER— In this city, August 7, 1900, • to the
•wife of F.- H. Venker, a daughter.
DE MEYER— In this city. August 6. 1900, to
the wife of Julius de Meyer, a daughter.
PARKISON-In this city., August 6, 1900, to
the wife of Mr. Parkison, a son.'
POS — In this city, August 5, 1500, to the wife
BORN.
Birth, marriage and death notices ' sent by
mall will not be Inserted.' They must be handed
ln at either of the publication- offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MOORE— LANE— In this city, August 8, 1900.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William
Morris Moore and Eliza Jane* Lane, both of
San Francisco.
REINOCHL— WILKINSON— In this city, Au-
gust 7. 19C0. by the Rev. Dr. John "A. B. Wil-
son, Benjamin Relnochl of San Francisco and
Bertha Lucretia Wilkinson of Antioch, Con-
tra Costa County.
SADLOWSKY— AUGENBLICK— In this city,
August 7, 1300, by the Rev. Hyman Samuel-
*on. Benjamin Sadlowsky and Rosle Augen-
blick. both of San Francisco.
VERWIEBE— WABEL— In this city, August 8.
¦ 1900, by s the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Ernst Frederic -Verwiebe and Emma.Wabel,
both of San Francisco.1gpB4f&wHga&$l£!Ei£iSB9KSHl
MAERIED.
DOL'AND— In' the' City, a'nd County : Hospital,'
¦ August' 8,- 1900," Michael Doland. a native of
the United States, aged 41 years. -. ;
GOODALLr^-Irithis city/ 'August 7, 1900, Junl-
: etva.' ¦¦ beloved wife of John ? R. Goodall; ¦ and
;•-'"; mother of a James = Raymond," - George 4 Edwin
and Junletta Goodall, a native ol Ohio, aged
S3 years. 3 months and 19 days. -
HARGER-In this city,: August": 8. • 1900, "John,
,. beloved r husband of Angellne '-:,. Harger, and
-•• father, of , Charles ! H. Harger • and Mrs. , Cpra
¦ ; H. Engel.' a- native • of ; Ohio, ., aged 67 . years. - ,J
(cyFrleiids anil acquaintances are: respect-'.
¦ fully.'invlted' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)/: at r 2 o'clock, r* from his ;; late - resi-
dence, 163 Corbett avenue, -between"- Hattle
. and > Danvers; Seventeenth ¦ and :? Eighteenth
.streets, -v Interment Oppress ¦ Lawn Cemetery.
,-\ No ; flowers. '-¦--.. ¦-•'-.¦[;¦. ¦.'-- • '¦., '>/¦ K-??<: -''.-
HARRIS— In this city, August 7, 1900, Ellas B.
; .Harris, M. D., beloved husband ; of ; Isabella
Stevens Harris, and" father ofLalla'.F. and
" Sylvia "¦ F. ' Harris and Mrs. : B. t G. Lathroo, - a
"native of Richfield- Springs,:, N. : Y.', aeed 75
years 10 months and 25 days..'*
[CTTuneral and Interment private.; .. .
HENNESSEY— In this 'city. August 7, :'l900,
Frank J.,. infant son of Richard and Gertrude
: Hennessey, and beloved brother of Georeie R."
and the late Irene Hennessey, 'a native of San
Francisco, aeed 11 months an-1 7 days. ':¦¦¦/ ¦'¦¦
KEANE— In this city. August 8, 1900, f Lawrence
J., beloved son of Patrick and Ellen Keane,
¦ and : brother of John," .William.*. Charles, Ed-.
TVTird, Fred.\Eu&ene and Josephine Keane. a
'. native, of, San Francisco, aged 1 year and 3
' months. ¦ •
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend ¦ the funeral this day ,; (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
247 Twenty-eighth street, thence to St.- Paul's
~ Church for services. Interment Holy ¦ Cross
' CemeterjV "¦
KINC AID— In this city, August 8, 1900, Earle
\..T\ r ., son of Mrs. Delia Kincaid. and brother
of Pearl Klncaid, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years and 27 days. ¦ -• • .
- IDTriends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, ; from his late r resi-
dence, 137 Lundy lane.^ Interment Masonic
Cemeterj-. •
LAWLER— In this city, 'August 8. 1900, Marie
Lorette, dearly beloved and only child of
John ' and Emma ¦ Lawler. a native of San
'¦„ Francisco, aeed, 7 months and 20 days. " '
LYNCH— In this city,' August' 7, 1900. Charles
Joseph, father of John," Charles, Joseph, t Wll-
.- liatn, May. rand Julia , Lynch,: a native of
: County Mayo, Ireland, aged 66 years. J '-:::.
.. .'-¦ fcy'l'he funeral will : take place -.this day
(Thursday). at S:30 o'clock, from his late resir
dence, 2519 Gough street, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a requiem; high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, . com-
• mencing at 9. o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.' ' * ¦ " ¦ ¦ ' '. ¦ « '
McALISTER— In this city, August 7, ' 19P0,
Charles 1 J., beloved; husband' of Mary Mo-
Allster, and father of Belle, J. I.; W. A'., F.
J. and the late C. E. and M. E. McAlister, a
• native of 'Liverpool, Englaud, aged - 71 years
and 9 months. -
IE?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from hU lato resi-
. dence, 1045 Folsom street, thenoa to St. Pit-
i rick's Church for services at. 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary; Cemetery. • Please
. omit 'flowers.
McELROY— In Oakland, August 8. 1900. : James
P., beloved husband of Amy McElroy, and
father of Edward J. McElroy, a charter mem-
ber of U. S. Grant Post, G. A. R., of Chi-
. cago, a native of Vermont, aged 64 years 11
'' months and 8 days. ."- : :.'<
ty Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ services
to-morrow (Friday).- at 2 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of Albert Brown, 458 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
McSHANE— In this city, August 6, 1900. Mich-
ael beloved husband of Esther McShane, .step-
father of Jennie, Nellie, Kittle and . Willie
• Dillon, Mrs. P. McEntee and, Mrs. J." Kirk,
, end uncle of James ¦ McShane,' a; native, of |
County Armagh, Ireland, aped 65 years.
(Lakevlew, Or., papers please copy.) :
[E7"Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Thurtday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33a Fourth street, thence to St. Pat-;
" riok's Church for services. Interment Mount !
Calvary Cemetery.
NEWLIN— In this city,- August 8, 1900. Harold
P., beloved husband of Ruby, Newlin, . and
father of Elsbeth Newlin. a native of- Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 45 years. .
ORENA— In Santa Barbara, - Leopoldo Orena, a
native of Santa Barbara, aged 45 years.
QUINN— In this city, August 7, 1900, Miss Kato
. Quinn, a native of England.
SCHLOTZHAUER— In Oakland, August 7, 1900.
Katherlne, beloved wife of the late Paul
Schlotzhauer, a native of Prussia, ; aged 64
years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thurrday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, at the corner of Boston avenue and
Hopkins • street, thence to St.' Elizabeth's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
¦brated for the repose of < her soul,, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private. -¦
TOMPKINS— In this city, August 7/ 1900, Rose.
beloved daughter of Mrs. M. M. Tompkins.
CTThe funeral services will be held this day
1 (Thursday), at 11 o'clock.' at her late resl-
* donee, W)0 Van Ness avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
WHEATON— In Nome, Alaska, July 27, 1900. of
penumonia, William Rufus, youngest son; of
s George H. . and Ella Sterett Wheaton, and
brother of George S.i Wheaton and Mrs.Ed-
' son F. Adams, aged 28 years and 3 months.
THE Oi R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
T> O RTL .A. 3ST ID
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 A. M.
CA DC $ 12 First Class Includlm B^rVi
rHliC S3 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Balls........
..'.....-. ; .- August 11. il. tl
COLUMBIA sails.. ....August 6. 16. 2S. SeDt. 5
Short line to Walla -Walla. . Spokane. Butte,
Helena • and all points - in the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
-. 630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
. Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
¦Will Dispatch for
;NOME,
Port Clarence, Safety Harbor. Cape York,
Golofnin Ba, and St. Michaels
The Elegant, Commodious. Fast Al Passenger
Steamship, Carrying U. S. Mall.
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred- tons' displocjnaent.
Sails THURSDAY, Aug. 9, 10 a. m.,
VIA : SEATTLE.
For Pasgenrer and Freight ' Rates Apply t*
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO.
220 Market St.. San Franc>co.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO, calling at
Kobe (HiORO). Nagasaki .¦ and ShanghaL and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of sailing. ' ' •-- --"'-;¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
Wednesday, August 29. 1900
ES. NIPPON MARU............:....
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
H W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
ITBV7Y0EE. 500T3AMPTOH. LONDON. PAB11
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
. From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 10 a.m.
New York!... August 81 St. Louis..... August 23
St. Paul.:.... August 151 New Tork.... August 29
V RED STA51 LINE.-
*>v/ YorK or>d Antwtri.
From New York Every. Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ..August 81 Noordland .» August 23
Aragonia ....August 151 Friesland ...August x>
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
, , .80 Montgomery. Street.
COMPAQNIE QENERALE TK1N9ATLA5TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.' -.«..
Sailing 'every Thur<xisy, Instead ot ¦^2?{Tr$
Saturday. '¦¦ from November 2. ISM; ¦ at ~^*«af^S»
10 a. m... from Pier 42. North River, , foot ef
Morton street: L'AQUITAINE. August »• LA
BRET AGNE. August 1«: LA LORRAINE. Aug-
ust 23: LA TOHRA1NE, August SO. -First
class to Havre. $82 B0 and upward. . Second class
to Havre. $35 and upward: S. per cent reduetle*
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOlt
.UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 83 Broad-
way (Hudson ' Building). New York. 3. t
FUGAZI& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, S Moat-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. .-.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE " *
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO- PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG. v. . . ;.
For falling, etc.. -Apply to-
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.J7. B'dw'r.N.Y
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION '
. .Reserved if secured before departure.
.HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California et... corner Sansome.S. F.
Oceanic s.s. co.— no~soz.xn.xj, Apia
AUCK.IAND AND SYDXEY.
S S.* AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).......;..
* Wednesday.' August 22. 2 p. rn.
S. . 8. MARIPOSA • <vla Honolulu), ¦> to New
" Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept. 5, 8 p. m.
J. 0. SPaeCKCLS a BROS. CO.. A^s.. >I4 Montgemen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. ¦ Fref j W Cfflc;.327 Market St.
VnORflflO I JrJT - HATHOR ....55OO tons
KIINmllN Llllh OCTAVIA ...7000 tons
l\UOI1iUO . Lllli. LTJXOR S500 tons
: "'•-"-.'. .: abydos .....4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
r via Mexican ports. Central and South' -
T: fflWrmnTrfii* America." ttC^^mMMMM
S. S. - Tanls. : 45CO ton*. - sails about : Aurcst Ti '
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' CO.. Agents.
114 MontRomery st.. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
327 Market- St.. San Franclsco.- : •- ¦
> BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
• Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON.," Tees..' W"ed.\-Tbur». and.Sat. at 9:4J
a. m.. 3:13.-8:30 p.m." (ex-Thur». night): Fri-
days 1 p. m.and S:30: Sunday*. 10:30 a. ra... $
p m. ¦ Landing and offlee.- Mission-street Dock
Plar ¦ No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS. '
--¦? FARE :....¦.: :......'.•.... .'.-.•.*.; .50c
BAILBOAD^ TRAVEL. ;
MOUNT;; TAMALPAI3 f SCENIO ) EAILWAY,
Leave- San 'i Francisco' via Sausallto Ferry: '
WEEK DAYS..9:J0 a.'m.;.l:43 and 5:15 p m
SUN DAYS r. .-..«,* 9,-; 10.- 11 a. m., 1 :33. 2 30 p. m."
Fare San Francisco to Summit ana return. Jl 40
KEW.TAVERN OFTAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
¦ ;./£ -*V Br* Gibbon^ Blspensary,
RJm?^^3 '" 1 18a * 1^ rthe $ r;atttI «otof Private
BSU«I^ SW I)i « eaws ' Manhood ? Debility or
**»»SI disease on bodyand mind and
DtaeM«^. T rh€ doctorcnrcswheii
¦ »?WBBMBb others talL :.Try him. 1 ? Charg«« low
iiHBnttia < ornxnamntrr 1. Cdllomrrltft
Dr. J. t'. uIBSOX, Bo* 1957. Can FraacUco
On March 30th of this year the = Board of
Super\'lBOrs of San Francisco passed - Or-
dinance ¦ No. 1 25. prohlbitins: I the I burial i ot
tho dead, within tne city. and county., iThls
law. goes i into \ effect j August •¦_ I,- ldQlrff His-
tory shows that alMarge cities, have found
itinecessary to closelthelr cemeteries.": and
Immediately : the relatives > and ' friends be-
gin'.to remove their loved. ones to cemeter-
Jes,: less -» liable f- to a be* disturbed ¦ by w the
growths of 'the; city. 'For.fullipartlculars
and expenses Indlslnterring and transfer-
ring bodies '< apply /.to kCharles i H.^ Jacob t &'
Co.,! funeral I directors .and I embalmers;-*3l8
Mason street. Telephone Main C213. - ¦
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
27 and 29 Fifth sttii : Tel? South' 167.'- , '
1 CNERAL DIRECTOasy AMO; ilMBAL «E as.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ;
HENRY CO.,\
'¦ (Successors to ¦ Flannagan ' &' Gallagher)
; DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M^r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS' AND EMBALMERS"
20 Fifth st..' opposite Lincoln School." . '
Telephone South ". SO.:; ~'~
DIED.
Atkinson. Alta R. Lawler. Marie L.
Beckwith, Mary A. Lynch, Charles J.
Hldinger. Sophie McAlister. Charles. J.
.Biggins. Mary J. McElroy, James P.
Brown. John McShane.' Michael
Cohen, Maria U. Newlin, Harold P.
Doland, Michael Orena, Leopohlo
Goodall, Junletta Quinn, Miss Kate
Harger, John < Schlotzhauer, Kath-
Harris, Elias U. «rine
Hennessey, Frank J. Tompkins, Rose
Keane, Lawrence J. Wheaton, William R.
Kincaid. Earle W.
ATKINSON— In this city, August 8/- 1900. - Alta
R., beloved wife of William Atkinson, and
daughter of O. A. and E-, A. Morgan, a na-
tive of New York, . aged ¦ 40 . years.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full^ invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3438 Eighteenth street. Interment, via
11:40 o'clock train from Valencia-street depot.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BECKWITH— In this city, August 7, 1900, Mary
A., -beloved wife of John W. Beckwith, and
mother of Mrs. A. Eisenhauer. Mrs." Gracie
O'Brien and William S. and Fannie C. Beck-
with, a native .of - Harlem,. N. Y., aged 67
year3 7 months and 2 days. .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30: o'clock, from her- late
residence, 4S1 Tehama street, corner of Sixth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mission street,
for seivlces. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
' tery. . ¦ ' ' : -.-': - ¦ ' '¦
BIDINGER— In this city. August 8. ¦ 1900, So-
phie, beloved wife of the late William Bldin-
ger, and mother ; of Edward, Charles and
Gustave Bidinger, Mrs. Alfred Ilauser ¦¦ and
Mrs. . J. P. Trumpour, a native ot Germany.
• aged (55 years 6 months and 11 days.-
CTFtlneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at ¦ 10 o'clock, at the % residence of
her daughter, 849 D*svlsadero - streets Inter-
ment at Decoto, Alameda County, on the
arrival of the 12 o'clock train from San Fran-
. cIfco at Decoto. ,
BIGGINS— In this city, August 8, 1900, Mary
J., beloved wife of John .Biggins, .mother of
John. William. Mary, Margaret, Julia, '¦Nellie
nnJ James Biggins, and. sister of William E;
: Walsh, a native of Washington, aged 40 years
1 month and 19 days. (Butte, Mont.", papers
please copy.) . '- .'•- ¦' ¦ ¦ ':--¦¦-. ¦ . r ~
B_TFrIfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from, her; late resi-
dence. 225. Montcalm . street; thence . to.- St.
Peter's Church," Alabama street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will b» celebrated for
the repose • of her soul, commencing at - 9
o'clock.r Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— At Napa State Hospital.' August 6,
litOO, John, beloved ¦ husband of . . Mary. A.
Brown,", father .of C. . and George
Brown and Mrs. Sarah J. v Walker, and grand-
father of Aldace Walker, a native of Ireland,
ared 74 years. ; • : ",
(C7-The funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock/ at Calvary Pres-
byterian Church, corner Geary - and Powell
, streets. Interment private. *.;
COHEN— In "this city, August 6. 1900, .Maria
Uvllla; beloved wife of the late Morris Cohen
mother Of Daniel. Meatier and Richard Cohen
and elster of Mrs. William I^unphy," a native
of Valparaiso, Chile, aged 67 years 10 months
'. and 24 days. - (Oakland and Calaveras County;
papers please copy.). ._. .„»..• • . ¦ . - •;
|Cy Friends . and ? acquaintances . are • reispect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this; day
(Thursday), at 9, o'clock. 1 . from her: late. reBi-'
dence. 442 5 Thirteenth* street, thence ; to % the"
Church of Nj estra Senora de Guadalupe, cor-
ner ; of -Broaa way i and: MaEonr- street; at . 10
o'clock, 1 where a requiem; high: mass -will- be
celebrated for the repose of her soul: . ; •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAJVD HEAL ESTATE.
$2800— COST ¦ $4000; mortgage sale; - we * are ln-
Etrucsted to -sell the following: , House, S
rooms, etc.; all modern conveniences; flrst-
clafs condition; open plumbing; lot, 50x120;
driveway, large bam. choi_? location and
neighborhood; close to local— train, cars,-
scfcools and business center; 1 house cost to
build 13000; see it; first ccme, first sened.
, J.S. MYERS,
1012 Broadway. Oaliland.
S42K*— ACTUALLY worth $6000; new. modern
houee. 3 rooms, etc.; eleirant. new features;
plateglass windows; finest part of Franklin
Ft., near narrow-gauge: must be seen to ap-
preciate Qualities and location.
- • J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
AT a sacrifice— Good 2-story cottage. 8 rooms
end bath; pretty garden; fruit;, barn. C67
East lv.enty-third Bt., bet. 11th and 12th aves.
OAKLAND FDUSITCBE FOR SAL«5.
AX introduction to you from HTBchelUmasTtha
furniture dealer, Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
Kooais Kuit in>L&iiiviiiin.\a.>
AT. 62 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 60 to $2 60
per wk.; Tingle and double. II to t2S0 t*r wk.
BRYANT. 1101. cor. Ninth— 3 front rooms, fur-
_nijyhed complete for housekeeping;, cheap.
ESSEX place, l, off Essex st,,- Rincon Hill— 3
rooms for hsekpg.; bath; hot and cold water.
G1IEKX 117— Three sunny connecting rooms.
neatly furnished; sunny yard; quiet place; $10.
HOWARD. 1C63H— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others.
HOWARD, 1C50— Nice sunny rooms, single and
housekeeping, with gas; reasonable.
LARKIN'. 1001, near Post— Sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; little room, 14 month.
LEWIS. 1?. off " Taylor, nr. " Poet— 3 furnished
and 3 unfurnished rooms. $12 : an<l $10. -
MARK ET, lOIS-Largre light room and connect-
ing kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
MARKET, 1824— Cozy suite; sun ln both
rooms, gas range. , $16 ; single room, $7. ¦*
MeALLISTElv 1727— For rent, 2 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; grate; running water;
carpets if desired. . - .
MISSION. 94»— 2 large, sunny, well-furnished
housekeeping rooms. ¦ "
OAK. 117—2 sunny parlnrs furnished for house-
keeping, $14; single room, same, $8; telephone:
PERRY. 174 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water.
POWELL, 90S, near Sacramento— 3 or 4 unfur-
nlshed rooms; marine view; sun all day.
EHOTWELL. 623. nr Twentieth— 2 or 3 nicely
furnished sunny rooms for light housekeeping.
SILVER, 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
THREE sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
rent not over $15. Address box 3252, .Call.
VAN NESS ave.. 48— Front sunny rooms for
housekeeping, $18 a month: also large front
100m for 2 persons, $12 and $S; front Van Ness.
VAN NESS, 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete houeekpg.; gas stove; reas.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
HOOMS TO LET Kuril, and I'nfnrn.
X^R^NSAVIC^^OTslir^nr^lil^^Oms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BRANNAN. 324 bet. 2d and 3d.— Furnished
room with bath; private family.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 520— Nicely turn, sunny rooms; $1 55 to $7
wk.; 15c to J150 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ESSEX place. 1. off Essex St.. Rincon Hill— 3
rooms for housekeeping; bath; hot and cold
water.
FIFTEEN minutes' ride brings you from down-
town to the beautifully furnished "ALMO-
RA," the elite FAMILY HOTEL ln the Mis-
sion, corner 20th and Mission sts.
Why pay- exorbitant prices for crowded
down-town apartments, when larger, brighter
rooms and better services are at your com-
mand, for less money — Investigate — Take Mis-
sion st. or Valencia st. car direct: talfe Fill-
more st. car or Post and Leavenworth cars,
and transfer to Mission st.
FOLSOM. 9*5. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms.. single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished ,
1 rooms; suites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., 7 (Ferndale)— New management;
runny rooms, en suite or single; transient.
GRANT ave.. 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly '
furnished sunny rooms by day, • week cr
month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Sunny side room;
double bed; closet; $6 per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 640— Two connecting
rooms with separate kitchen; tunny corner.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, R23— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
"Zc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. ES9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: reasonable; by day. week or month.
MINNA. 449%, bet. 5th and 6th.— Front com-
fortable room in private family.
MINNA. €67, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. -
MISSION. 1731— Sunny front room, $8.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST, 631— Two furniFhed rooms to let, $5 and
$8; no smoking or drinking in the house;
Protestant Christian preferred.
j POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
; gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
! PROSPECT place, 123, off California, nr. Pow-
ell— Large sunny rm., bath, ?6; priv. German.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
, night 25c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
nOTAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and '.adies'
parlor: rooms, per night. Sic to $150; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished..
TAYLOR, S10. bet. Bush and Pine— Four hand-
eomely furnished sunny rooms: gas, bath;
_ etc.; all-new furniture, carpets; $8 and $10 mo.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A pood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.' .
TO let — 4 nicely furnished rooms. Inquire 336 !
Fifth st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia St. . ¦ ' " ".'..'
ROOMS AZVD BOARD.
LXs^AiL5IA!C"l82T![llIrk7^^
rms.; private; bath; eln. rms.; board optional.
A SPECIAL ofTer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior ind table. S07 Caltfornta st.
ROO3IS AKD BOARD WASTED.
REFINED yeung couple with daughter, 3^
years old, . want board In private family;
Protestant; larpe sunny chamber or. two
room?: want congenial home; pleasant sur-
roundings; terms moderate: references ex-
changed; can irlve best. IX W., box 32SO, Call.'
ART- student desires a home; • cheerful com-'
panion: Btod reader,^ tutor to children or pri-
vate secretary. Tbeo.B. Severgon, ' 518 Ellit/
___________________
FURNISHED front room I and~k7tchen. with
cas move;. private family: east-of Van Ness;
fftr courie and child. Box 3243, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.: ~
LADIES— Clrlche3tcr"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take -no other*
ser.d 4c stamps for * particulars. - "Relief for
Ladles,", in , letter by ; return ; mail ; at* drug-
irlBts. Chichester. Chemical Co.. Philadel..; Pa.
BKST stamp - photca ' and ; buttons .en earth.
DORF.. 1K0 Mnrkeffst., above Jones. '
.KOOMS . papered .>. from ' $3; whitened. '. $1 up."
palnttuK done. ; Hartman r»alnt Co.. 31.9 Third..
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC, COLLECTION
CO..-41S M«ntriwnery.»t..Tn<>m« 9-10 : t el. H5S0. ;
SEWI\O.aUCHIXES:A.\D Stl'I'LIKS.
ALL kinds bought; sold and repairing guararT-
teed. : Chas. : Piambeck/ 1915 Mission, nr. , 15th.
ALL kinds. bought, sold, exchanged . rented"-
reralrlr.g at lawnt rates. - yq Fourth st. "; ir-
STORAGB AXU y\\VKi-:|||oiJ!JKs;
M'lLSON BROS.; » storage ' and ' moving : ! covered
vim. Tenth ' ar.d ' Market; ? phone ; South ; 7C2.,- ;
PACIFIC ' Storaee and Furniture" Moving Com-'
pany 2320 Fillmore st.;; phone Jackson 2SL.; j
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.." 722' Mission 7 st.: j
lei. Main 1840 — Packing, moving and storaee. |
Ir-XTCCTrtlC i'^J.is in ¦ every '" room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tbird et., nrar- Market: 700 moms;
t'c to fl EO i>cr night; $1 !>0 to J6 per week;
fro- 'hug and baggage to and from the terry.
F'"ITS to or<lpr em Installment*: SIS upward: :
II a wek. LEO.V ll^tMOS. U17 Market St..
betTft-rn Sev«nt!i and Eighth.
MME. ADA. 24 Kearny. 47 Post, ofilee 10-11: If
Fir!;. nufT«1n? from eny c*aw, sec this «-on-
a^n fall I J si!tr~d healer: ehe will cure you.
v:ro..".oo TO Irian en diamond*, watches, s*al-
rkins. UNCLV: HARRIS.; 15 Grant ave.
2TX&£T<OUk££ ui>holFtprinir done at your house .
by day cr job. S. JESSEX, 9U Kui«h »t- ¦ "! '
liAIK quickly rurled or* craved hy_ u?>lnp Tal- !
critt'5 curllnc fluid: 25c bctUc; druggists.- |
rn. r. C. Ul'nvy has taken new otnees at I
IMS Ftoofcton Et. j
LATJIKS" and jrents' csEt-off clrthlns- hous:ht & I
gr!d. Sliverrnan. 'jU Folsom. teL Folsoin 113L I
V.'ANTE1>— Old-rasli'ori^d silver, brass, copper J
ware; our!r». all <3*»script!onF. £2i Dupont et.
SITITS to nr^'r rn essy paymect*. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner h'.iildlrsp, room 407.
ALFBKDCUS Ejt>-ptian Henna restores trray 1
hair to its natural color. Jl; «t a!l drasrs^sts.
("AST-OFF ctothimf. old eol.1 ari'1 silver bouRht: •
Fer.ii postal. COLEMAX'S. JOC Kearr.y Kt.
1'HVSICIA.XS AM) SlllOKU.\». . :
rr:. CRAXSTOX. the sreat Fpecfajist. has re-
yumrd practice at 1206 Market St., corner |
Taylcr: office* 25 and Zt; take elevator.
rn. C. O. ODOXXni-L— Offlce ar.d residence.
T^'STi M«rkot Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPKUTV \VA\TKD.
A J-FTORT house of 4 or S rooms and bath on
each flat, cr nice cottage. Apply at south- •
rr>st ccrner of Crrokpr. and Colton Fts. ! 1
RGAL iSTATC CITY KOU SALE.
TirTTLE. €30 MARKET ST. 1
J42T^) — New 9-room house; Western Addition; al- 1
cove pe.rlor. reception hall, breakfast-room,
etc.; up to date in every particular.
$5600 — Xew 9-room house up to date. .'•
*i*500 — Elegant Oeary-£U home nr. Franklin.
J'^.fxyv— Tbree flats; rents 1144.
$11,000—3 elegant flats; Fillmore: rents $1230.
JS500— Three flats: Western Addition; rents $60.
$10.600 — 4 flats: Geary, nr. Gough: rents $90. .
S19.UQ0 — Leavenworth. nr. Turk; 27:6x137:6.
$14,000— Four flats; panhandle: rents 1117.
|11.&00 — Three fiats; Turk, nr. Laguna; rents 136.
- $77M>— Three flats: Western Addition; rents JSO.
• jjooo — Three 7-room flats: rents $S2 SO; new.'jy- -
!2M*3 — Four flats; Tehama; rents $40.
tSOOO— Vallejo and Mason Ets.; corner; rents $85.
JlO.oOO— Vallejo, nr. Powell; rents $130.
J600O— Two flats: Sacramento, nr. Fillmore.
51S0&— Four-room cottage: Sunset district. \
S4250 — "WaEhington-st. corner for residence.
$50,000 — Xorth of SJarket Investment; rents $3000;
60x137:6: investigate.
I1W0— CaJlf ornia, nr. Second ave. ; for residence.
SE300 — Kew 9-room house; Western Addition gem.
J40O0— Four flats; Harriet: rents $4£.
J4000 — Vallejo, nr. Baker; lot 69:7 front.
111,500— Jackson, cr. Webster; 9-room cottage;
BCxin. . ¦
$15.000— Xcrth side Pacific av«., nr. Buchanan;
grand marine view.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage o f the Very Low Prices! Don't
Fall to Bee Us Before Baying'.
$C30 to $*00— Choicest Sunset lots, near new
>Iue1c Stand; ready to bnild on; $10 monthly.
t250 to ITS^—Cholce Richmond lot* for build-
ing; HO monthly.
r75 to $2jO — On Mission Et. and San Mateo car
I:r.e; enly ?S monthly payments.
S3P0 to C00O— For small eottaras: splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diaprams.
60L GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
PACIFIC Heights— 2 choice and sltely building
lnts en elevated ground, 2S:9xl37:6 each, on
Vallejo et., near Baker, commanding an en-
chanting; marine view which never can be ob-
structed of the bay, the Islands In the bay.
Fort Point and Berkeley, as well as th<»
counties of Marln, Contra, Costa and Ala-
tnfiJa; Vallejo «t- is graded, macadamized
end sewered; price only $1250 each; $2600 for.
both; I can arrange for easy installment pay-
ments; remember that all lots like these will
yet sell for fabulous prices; enly two short
block* south from the Unicn-st. cars. W. J,
GUNIC. 630 California «t.
TENTH ave.. near Clement— 2 choice lots, 25x
120 each. In the best part of Richmond; all
street work done; enly $1300 for both; electric |
, cars pas? within a few steps; these lots are
«>xcee<Jincly cheap; m'wt of the adjoining lore
fid at JliiOO pach; eaty payments can be ar-
ranged. W. J. GCXN. t30 California sC
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell, then call
on \V. J. GUNS. £38 California St.
NEW handsome rark residence; only 1 left cf
4; contains S room?, is well built, up-to-date:
vein t,e sold cneao: srs CIa>ton et.. south of
Halpht: Pixth and Tavlor sts. 'and Masonic
F\f. cats va*t the door. J. STIERLEN.
0* ner, on premises.
JT7.-.0-- THHKE new modern Cats, with marble
Eteps. frescoed ceilinrs. etc. ln the, best rent-
ier sertion of the city; cne block from Haight
Ft. cars, or. Waller tl., near Pienje; rents
iZSQ vt y*-ar; «>asy termp. 1
KODCBK house? built lowest prices; plans and
¦.'ftirr.ates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
?."T:u* cottage: 6 rooms, bath: lot 5CxlO0; Mls-
yiT.: f-ayy Terms or racgnt lot. 418 Kearny «t.
itHAL ESTATB COLXTHV — Kor Sale
II ACHES— 4 miles west cf Petaluma: well Im-
proved ; at a barcain; terms reasonable. Ad-
dret?! bcr. 109. Lakeport. Cal. .
ItK.VL ESTATE TO BXCHA.VGB.
NW. oor. !n Berkeley, 12ftiW4:S; fine marine
view: for a residence in S. F.: will pay $1000 !
HmtZX* ilirrerenre. T.. box 2S3. Call office. 1
A PRINTED Het. M. GRIFFIX. 71S Market. !
City property and farms exchanged and sold.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IX Berkeley— Two-story modern cottage. «even
Janre rooms and hath: double parlors; hewy
moldir.RS; T-ft. basement; brick foundation;
Jot 5"xl2i; street- work complete; price $*£>¦);
monthly payments if desired. Inquire on
premises, 3017 Fulton *t.. Ashby Station, or
Heron A- Hoicomb. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
BERKELEY FUH.MsHED COTTAGES."
FOR rest— A 4-rocm furnished cottage* in
BTke.iej*. on Stewart rt., eaft of College ave.
Apply on premises, or J. J. Mason. Berkeley.
FRUIT7ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FHIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
POULTRY ranch. 3 acres: 4-room house; upper
FruUvaie, Owner. 567 East Twenty-third st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) It 12 A I. KSTATE.
f DM CASH; monthly payments a* low rent it'll j
w. jiaio tor; Tnodem new cottace of 4 rooms i
l«ir.try; cloeeu, high Jmscment. brick founda- '
t.rn; ail fenced: fine well cf water: all first i
class; i line .lots; price all tol<T\$S50; city j
yiatc-r If dcpired: street macadamized: nice
homes all wound; near 3 lines of electric !
i<adi and fine actmoIhouBe ar.O wide avenue:
C 2< f ?*. cr c '. Ai wind * here : Aliendale tract,
adjoining Meat Oakland. Call or send for i
c.rruler . p Seventh st.. near corner Uroad-
way. Oakland; carriage free; H. Z. JOXES.
<'HICKEN ranch. Vk acreF; nearly ncwTlarie
rr.orn cottage high basement; well; S
Khodr tree*: land wire fenced: 400 feet front- !
ins n-.iin road; lays fine; excellent soil; ciand !
i';tr' : "'"'¦'I fr ? m « w winds and fog; electric
cars pass the door; rear a fine school; this Is
a rare and cheap property; term* IC00 cayh. '
..».*£ ln l'»ayrr.*nts to suit- buyer: price In '
'- ~Ui, i- ' 1J "»e Tract. ¦ Fruitvale. adjolnini; I
r.art Oaktnii. Call or wnd for circular. 434
V e * X M n 4" T r "- O^Jand; carriage free. . II. £.
JOXES, Land Owner. .
COMrLCTEI.f FUnxiSHED HOME.
¦ $29(O-Rrntir.s for 125; modern cottage of S
i.>on:«. bath, high tapement. etc; 1 fine north-
west corner lot 32^x106 feet: street work all
ri- ne: BUILT AXB FCnN'ISHED FOB- A
JIOMK; pood stable > on the property; reason
Itr telling, cr-nncr roins Into buslnee*,-
GEO. W. AUSTLN* & CO..
IPOS Broadway. Oakland.
- fITW— r:OTTAOEU 5 rooms, with lot 25x122 ;' lo-
"^•atlon exce'lent. BEL.DKN & COOK. Wash-
•¦•* A'^^ton *nd Fourteenth sts.. .;.
"9^ * ' * " * ' * ' ' ' ' " ' * "
y*)- GOOD cottage, 4" rooms; "lot 27:€x90; close
- 1 in. BEL.HEX & COOK. Washinston , and
HUITTHr.R.I lUI'IFH! COHriHT.
|r*oirio s»»t«m.) ¦
- ...HAS . t~U4»«:i»<:i».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Slreel)
ittTi . .. '_— . Frou Jdly 15. 1300. — ituri
"T:0«» Banida, Suisun, Elmin, VicaiUl*,
Ramsry »utl bicriruento *7t4Sw
*?:OOa Shasta EiprcEs-Da^ia. William* (for HMB
- • - Bartlett. Springs). Willows. Kod *
- Blufl. Portland... *7i45r
•7:3a* M«rttn«z,S»alt*nion.VaIl«Ja,2<rapa,
C»K»wt» and K»nta Uosa 'BilJp
•MiOOa DiTis, Woodland. Kuighti Ltodlog.
Mwnttlia. <>ro» Ille «7^ap
•HsOO* Atlsatio Km press— Oglen Bad Kaat *11j».1a
•»i:im Sin .lo*e, I.ltormore, Htiwktnn,
lone, Maersineuto, FlkeerTlUe.
- MKrjullle. Cbleo, K»d KtulT Mil»r
•«:3»» Oaldale. Chinese (tort Yosemite),
* . Houorv Carters. MilSr
•II:»O4 H»y wirl«. Nilrs aud Way .-it»tion«. MIlUi
•t»<««» Loa Ansales JExpre»i« — Martinez.
Trser. Latarop. Stockton, Mercea
,".'.¦". and FrfKsio •«il.1»
•!)i304 VolloK Mvtinez and Way Station* *Sl4.'lr
•IO-.OO* Tho Oterltn.l Limited— O«d«n, D«o- - — -• "
t«t, (»:a»Ux Chicago... •StISp
•IIsOOa Nnea. LUermore. Scoektoo. Sacra-
mento, Msndot*. llanfonl, VlaaiU,
.- , l*ortM»ill« ...........: •lil.lp
•l-i:«»n HajfwmrJv XHei and Way SUUon*. *«iiV
fliOOr KaeraiufmUtKUarHteamen _... f-1:O(»*
•3:OOr Hajiruda, N!>» aad Way Htattuns. *3i4t»p
• •4:«»r Mariinex, Hiui Kamon. VaUeJo.
N.iJ"», t!nli»ti>»n, Sunta Itota 'Uil-Ii
MiOOr Benieia, Winters, K»or»m«nlo,
• Woo.lHiul. Kiiivhts Lauding.
MansTllIa, OrutlUa •l»:tS»
•Ii3»r KUea. 8an Joas aud Stooatoo " *7>l3r
•3:«OrTho Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakenflsM. Saugus for BsnU Bar-
harv Los ADffele* *»j!3a
•SiOOpFresao Puseofer— Martlnes, Lath*
rop. Stockton, MercuJ, BeTend*
( lUyraoii J ror Yo«emite>. Krc.i.o. . • 1 % 1 1 .1 r
¦3>3Op Ntv Orleaa* JExpreaa— KaksraHsId.
•Santa (Urhara, l.oi Anfeles. l)en>>
Ing, El Puo. New Orieaus and
Kaat •HU.Ia
•S:O«p ITaywarJs, Nlloa and 8an Joae *7>4»*
tHiOOr Vallejo *iail»p
•OrOOr Oriental ¦ Mall— Ogden. Chejenns.
Omaha, Chicago *Ilil3«
•8:O0r Oriental Mail-OgJea. Denrsr. -
* ¦¦ Omaha, Chicago............ MilSp
JTiOOr Taliejo. Pjrt C'oata and Way Hta-
. tlous „..'. t*t3Sr
•«iu."»r Orejoii and California Kii>r*u,Hao-
fmiieutu, Maryi'Hle. ItwMliif,
• IWtUn.l. I'miBt HoiiihI ami K»»t »»iia>
' CO 1ST IH VISION (5arroir «J»u 5 e).
_J (Foot of Market t,treet.)
. J7j45* eanU Crux Excursion for 8anU
. ¦' Cnu aad rnncpil Way SUtiona \%\%*t
¦ *iliin*N«waTiiXVnt«rtille,HanJoao,Feltoii.
BcnliUr CtMk.Santa Crux and Way
- Butloua ••«»«»*
tatlSr Newark- Canterrilla. San Joaa, Now
Alinailes, Kelton, Itonldar Creek,
&aa(t Crux and l'iinclp»l Way
Stations *l«tA»«
¦4tlSp Newark. Has Joae, Loa Oatoa t*< n **
o4»l3pGl>nwcod. Felton. Banta Cma...... »>:»*>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtasii rtaSdsca— r««t «r aviit sumksu* d-
•715 9.08 11.00*. «. {1:03 *2Ca t>:39
•4-03 t!:!3 •l:53r.n.
rrjaOiUlHB— .'«.l iflruiw.T.— "«;00 8:00 lO.OOt.M.
tl2:08 M:83 11:83 «»:B0 tt:C3 «8:B3f.ii.
COAST DIVISION (Rroa.H;a,iir«).
- (ThlrJ mid Townaeml SU.)
t«:l«»A Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. tSi3«p
f*:O(»* San Jose ami Way fiUtloiia (New
Almadan \Vr.Inn»it*»» mil}) *1iI0p
' tTiSOi Sunday Kieuraion fir Ran Joae,
- 8»nta Crar, P»ci3o ' GroT« aad
Principal Way Station*. ...... JS»S8v
•UiO«» Hmi Jst«. .Traa Plum, HauU Crus,
Pieiile Urofe, Tain Koblei, Han 1
I.uia Ohiaito, Hurf. Lompoe and
l'riueli>al Way Stationa *4>f •*
•I0i4«a Baa Job* and Way Stationa ¦•s33a
¦lllSO* HauJnaa,I«tG»toaari<lWsy8Utloti« 'Sillur
tailSrSaii Matco, Kedwood, Msnlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clan, San Joa«,
Trao Plnoa. HanU Crux. Saltnaa,
Monterey ami Pacific Grove tlO::tSa
f:ii3«r San Joi« ami Way Mtattoiia •7>3np
I -1:1 5r San Joieauit Prinoipal Way Station* *«:-l3»
(3:»«rStn Jos», Los Oatoi and Frincip*!
WaySUtkma ?J»sOO»
•StSSp SanJoaa and Principal Way Stationa fltXia
•«t.-tor San Joaeaud Way Station*.... t«:««»%
til :4a r 9 an Joae and Way Stationa »~i3Op
A for MomlD|. Pfor Afternoon.
*Dal]y. t Sunday exeepted. : Sunday onlj
.4 Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, a Sunday and Monday.
CALIF 02m NOSTBf ESTESN 2T. CO.
SAN FRAKC1SG9 AND NORTH PAGIFIO
KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot et Mat-feat St.
SAN FRAXCI3CO TO SAN RAJTAETi.
"WEEK DAys-7:!0. JK». «:00 *. m.: U:H,
I: JO. S: 10, 6:30 p. ra.. Thursday*— Extra, trl?
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5 J
and 11 :30 t>. m. -
BUNDAYB— 1:00. i:». 11:00 a, m.; l:S0. !:».
i 6:09. l:tO o. m.
SAN RA>AIX TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— 8:10, 7:S0. »:X>. U:W a. m.; 12:45,
J:49. 1:11 p. m. Saturday*— Extra tries at
l-.Sft and <:3S o. ta.
BVXDATS— 8:10, 1:40. 11:10 a. ra.: 1:40. 1:49.
I'.CS, 6:23 9. m.
I B«tw»«n Baa Francisco aad Bobnett«a Paris
tta« aghedule a-a above.
Xj»*v ) In Mfexrt. ( ¦ ArrtT»
Ban rranclico. (Apr. IS. 1300.1 Baa Tnaetwco,
""¦Weak I Sun- J I Sun- I Weelc
Pay. I day. | r>«atlnatlon.l day. \ Day.
T:S9am 9:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 1:40 am
1:30 pm »:S0am PetAlumju l:C« prn 10:23 «n»
1:10 pm t:00pm Santa Roaa. T:»pm l:»pna
furton.
T:» am Windsor. 10:S *a»
Healdsburff.
I/ftton.
Ceyservills.
t:M pm 1:80 am Clovardale. 7:ttpm <^»y
T:tO ami I Hopland 110:39 an*
l:«0pm| 1:00 ami and Wan. 7« pmt t:V> pn>
T:M am ' lfl:SSaia
- t.-00 am GaamwrUla. T*S pm
»a> ym t:W pm
130 am 1:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am t:40aa
¦ and
1:16 pm 1:00 pm Ol«n Elian. 1:08 pm 4:20 pat
'T:S0aml 8:00 ami ~ 110:40 am!10:IS am
i-M pm| 1:00 pml Betmitopol. 1 T:M pm| t:tt pn>
Stajres ewnnect at Banta Rosa for Mark 'Weat
Vprtnnand White Sulphar Sprlnc*: at Fulton
for Aitruna: at Lytton for Lytton Borings: at
Geyi*TvM« for 6kacn Sprinara: at Clorrerdal*
far - th» Oey«rs; at Hopland . for Dnneaa
Springs, Highland Bprtnn. ¦ KelavyrUlaL Carla-
bad Springs, 1 Soda Bay: Lakcport and Bartlett
f prtr.fs; a't'Uiciah for Tlchy Sprtnn. Sarator*
fpringi. Bras Lakra. Laur?l Dell Lake, Witter
|prl ngi, * Upp*r Lake. Psrao, Potter Taller.
Jofc» Day* a. Rlrtrslde. 14«rl*y*a. Bueknefl'a.
BanhedMn Relchts. HulMlle. Orr'a Rot
fprlngi. Mendoclno City, Fort Br&gT. West-
vert, Util, . WlUlts. LaytonrlUe. Cummin*.
Bell'* Bprinxs. Harrla. OUen'a. Dyer. Scotl*
and JCurelta.
Saturday : to Monday round trlv tickets . at
radueed rate^, ¦ , ...• • • ••
On 8 usday round trip ticket! j to all points
lteyond Baa Bafael at bait rates.
Tleket etftem, 830 Market at.. Chronicle b!dc
H. C .WH1TINO, R..X. RYAN.
General Manager. Oen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto F*rry.
Commencing April It UN.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET,
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. t:3O. 9M. JIM a. m.t
12:«. '1:45. S:15, 4,:W. •$:».« :M.«:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and S*a
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m. 1
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •$:<». •9:00. 'lO".©©. 11:00. H:ja
a. m.; 12:45. U:30. t:30. *3:4S. 5:00. S:0O. lhi
p. m." ¦
ll:C0 a. m. doen not ma to Baa Rafael Sua-
• cays. ¦ ¦ -
Train* marked (*> ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:35. •«;», 7:50. 8:40. 10:15 a.
m.; 12:». l:«. M5. »a:30. 4:J0, l:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »*:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SONDAYS— «:13.»»:0O. »9:M. »U:00a. m.; »11:»
m.: 1:00. 2:13. nOO. 4:30. •4:43. •:45. 7:30. W:2»
p. m."- - ' <¦¦ ¦ i'- ' ¦ "¦" "' . . -
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCXX.
WEEK DAYS-«:53. «:4J. 8:00. S:55. 10:30 a.
ra.: 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. J:3O. 4:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
aod Saturdays -at 7:19 and 10:10 p. m,
SUNDAYS— 8:35. 8:08. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12;UL
1:20. 2:30. 1:43. 4:63. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
' j THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. wnk days— fa.za.dero and way sta-
tions. :>"JtfWjJ»" J«U*i H* *a]M
1:15 p. ta. Saturaiys— CasaiSero and way it«v>
tion».yiifai3B£*WP**v&B**vmf'q&Ba&im*m*!
" I:U P. ra. weekdays (Saturdays exceptsd} —
Point Keyes and way atatloas. .
¦ :00 a. ex. Sunday*— Casadero and way *t*v
tlens.
lt:4S ' p. m. Sunday*— Poiat Rcytt aad w*/
jtttloas. . *
<SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET FEURY.
Leave: lOverland: Dally forChtca- * Arrive;
go, • Kansas Ctty. Denver
und all Eastern points.
El 1'aso, City of Mex-
ico. Pfeacott and Phoe-
- nix. Arls.. Bakerafleld.
» a. m. Vi-all.i. Tulare, Han- « p. m.
1 ford, Ft'soo. Merc**.
Stockton, Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
era to Chicago. Dining
< car between Stockton
and - BakeraHeld. _^
Stockton Local: For San!
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr, Bay 11:33 a. uo.
Point.; Cornwall. Antl- < :
och and Stockton. -
¦• .•- ¦ jBakersapld Local: For San
' Pablo," PlnoK Mnir, Bay
1 . Point, • Cornwall, Antl-
jp.ni. och.' Stockton, Merced. S a. ra. .
Fresno, Haaford. . Vlsa-
lla, ¦ Tulare and Bakers-
Celd. Slfepers to Fresno
j and Bakersfleld. .
TICKET OFFICES : : S28 Market rt. -¦? ;
Ferry Depot, foot of Market st.. San Francisco.
. 1113 Broad way. Oakland.
PERSOXAtS.
OCEAN TBAVEUThe Police Discover That His Watch
and Stud Were Taken From
Him for Safety.
| The police have cleared up what seemed
to : be a', mystery , in . connection with the
accident that befell W. A- Doud. the
broker who was found unconscious in the
rear of his office, 304 Montgomery streeet,
late Monday night. Detectives Reynolds
and Riordan were detailed on the case
yesterday morning, and they ascertained
that Doud's watch and chain and diamond
stud had - been . taken from him about 7
o'clock Monday night for safety by Wil
liam de Coucy, bookkeeper for William
Edwards, stockbroker, and put In the safe.
It is supposed that Doud while going up
the rear stairway fell backward, nls Head
striking against the sharp metal edge of
a beei sign.
Doud was removed : from the Harbor
Hospital to St. Luke's Hospital yesterday
morning, whe/e another operation was
performed on his fractured skull. There
is a possibility that he may purvlve. He
has a wife and two children and lives at
353S Twenty-fourth street. He is a mem
ber of the Pacific Stock Exchange Mis
sion Lodge of Masons and Stanford Par
lor. N. S. G. W. v
DOUD'S; FRACTURED SKULL
RESULT OF AN ACCIDENT
Tool iThlet Sentenced.
John Drew," who was convicted by a Jury
in Judge Cabaniss'. court; on .Tuesday of
petty j : larceny,'* was ? sentenced ri yesterday
to five months In the ; County 'Jail.i; Drew
was the leader: of a gang 'of thieves '.who
stole carpenters', tools from "the : wharves.'
. .Thomas .'Fafron, a teamster : for;' John
Raychester,'* Junk dealer, 341 Tenth; street,'
while t. driving 8 across I Eighth | and * Folsom
streets s yesterdayj afternoon , j collided '.with
a f dump i car t.i ;; He > was \ thrown » from ?J his
peat . and on , the » top * of ,'his i head: 1
He Jiwas J taken • to I the « Receiving ', Hospital
In, an -unconscious condition; & It • Is thought
that * his* skull ? has - been i fractured.
Alighted on 1 His ; Head.
At 8:40 , this ; morning a .fire broke out In
the three-story brick building/ at 1025'Du
pont street,- occupied by Tong i On iTong
and others as a lodging house for Chinese,
The building is owned by the Sullivan es
tate and was putted.- ,The damage amount
ed to about $2000.": The origin of the fire Is
unknown.
Chinese Lodging-House Burned.
No trace has been 'found of >the jewcla
and 5 money ' stolen from ; Mrs; E: ? Pratt's
stateroom on the steamer Corona Tuesday!
morning. Si »I t Is . now; said ¦. that j the ¦ je'wels
were worth $0000. : Captain Seymour, thinks
some 3 one/ in i passing;; Mrs.> Pratt's i state
roomsdoor saw the .buckskin, bag. contain
ing)the valuables'and made ; off with; it.';";
Pratt : Jewelry.. Still t Missing.
• Andrew F. E." Paget;^ residing :'. at ; . 506
Twentieth street^,' a , mlllhandi in the em
ploy' of the VUnton i Iron Works,'; dropped
dead yesterday ; afternoon ; while at work
at a lathe. * He was a native of California,"
40 years > of •< age • and « single. ,* .- ¦ ¦• •¦¦•¦• ....-.-•
-Death was ---"probably ;¦¦• due to .' heart
trouble. ¦ The body : was removed to the
Morgue. '.'';.-.; < ¦;
Dropped Dead ; WJiile at ,Work.
The alarm of flre from box 294 shortly
after 9 o'clock last night was for a blaze
on the roof of the two-story frame build
ing at 711 California street, above Dupont,
occupied as a lodging and boarding house
by Emil Conquet and owned by Mrs. E.
Reed. "Ml .IIP' ill m WIIIHin If I"!' Ill llilliHirf>Mlfllll|M"
Plumbers had been Tvorklnpr on. the roof
of the building during the afternoon, and
it is thought that the fire was caused by
their carelessness in leaving burning coals
on the roof ' when they.' quit work. The
damage will amount 'to: about* $S00.. The
adjoining bulMins at 713 California street
is used as a hospital for Japanese. When
the fire started a number, of the patients
became excited 'and crushed to the street,
and It was some time before they could be
persuaded to returnto the hospital., -¦
Fire on California Street.
Petitions in' insolvenry} were filed yes
terday in the United -States District Court
as* follows: 'Dr. J. A. i Ambrose Sanders^
Oakland, liabilities $11,975. /assets $650125;
J. ¦ P. Porter," merchant, Angels Camp,
Calaveras •; County, >• liabilities > $4230 50 S as
sets $152 50; J. P. Wright,- farmer.' Cala
veras County;? $1165 75. no -assets; W.; R."
Fox,' merchant, •• Stockton, $4369 07," no as
sets. 1 ' '¦•.¦ ¦ '¦•¦¦.¦¦•¦•- : - • ¦ ". :¦¦¦•..
Number! of Insolvents.
' Margaret G. - Laing was " gTantod a; di
vorce from James A. I^aing yesterday, on
the ground ' of neg-Iect. . Kate Rodriguea
has-: secured - a- divorce from Fernando
Rodrlgues on the ground of infidelity, r
¦ Suite - for divorce '¦ have t been ¦% filed i by
Fredrich A: • Relss a&ainst'Annie ' Reiss for
desertion,- - Rosa .Lackett, against
Royal R. Lackett for "failure topro\ide
and Elizabeth J. Strain against Thomas
Strain for desertion. < '-,• .
In the Divorce i Court.
In, an advertisement published in The
Call of August 5 The "RIcker"; Automo
bile was mentioned. ;The name was mis
spelled and should read VRiker." The
Riker .-, Standard Phaeton;, out. of twenty
five entries of steam, - gasoline and elec
tric carriages, were absolutely the only
machines which made the round trip from
New - York to Philadephia. without - the
slightest hitch or inconvenience. : * ,
RIKER, NOT RICKER,
AUTOMOBILES
Board of Education So Decides—Stan
ford School Classes Moved to
. Franklin Grammar.
The Board of Education decided at Its
regular secret session on Tuesday to deny
the protest of parents against the transfer
of the grammar' grade pupils from the
Grant to the. Pacific Heights School. The
appeal of the parents for relief in the mat
ter was the subject of. a long discussion
on the part of the four School Directors,
but the rule adopted' ordering the trans
fers ¦will remain undisturbed. Chairman
Mark was of the opinion that the parents
¦were entitled to consideration and sub
mitted a compromise rule transferring
only the eighth and advanced eighth
gTa'des, but this ¦was voted down.
It was agreed, \however, that if the
grammar • grades became overcrowded In
the Pacific Heights School the overflow
will be assigned to the Grant School. A
vacant classroom In the Pacific Heights
School will in all likelihood, be used as a
primary class, as four primary - classes
were displaced by the transfer of the
grammar grades. - •.
The classes of the Stanford School" were
transferred to- the Franklin.' Grammar
School yesterday. The -teachers accom
panied their classes, only Miss.Little.los
ing her position in the consolidation of
the two schools. • .
TRANSFER OF THE GRANT
GRAMMAR PUPILS STANDS
Late.Suprenie Court Decisions.
The i Supreme Court yesterday haiided
down decisions in the following cases:
Dan O'Toole vs. James J. Dolan and H.
McAllister, judgment affirmed; Bernard
Conway and, John Zimmerman vs. Ed L.
Ha,rt, ¦ Judgment affirmed ; J.' - M. Gregory
vs. J. P. Clabrough. judgment affirmed;-'.
Dr. Ellas B Harris Passes Away in
This City at a Bipe
* :Age.
Dr. j Ellas B. Harris, ; a pioneer physi
cian and surgeon and former resident of
Nevada, died on Tuesday last at his fam
ily residence in this city. ,
Dr. Harris was weir known on the Cdm
stock lode, where he had attained an ex
tensive practice during, the flush times
of the mining excitement, and was • the
family physician of: Flood,- O'Brien Fair
and Mackay," the bonanza kings.
Dr. Harris married Isabella Stevens of
the celebrated New; York family of that
name,, the head of , which was favorably
known as , a railroad and ferry owner in
that State, and another member: as: the
founder of the Stevens Institute of Tech
nology. Decedent was a native of Rich
mond Plains, N. Y., and 75 years of ag6.
He; leaves a widow and three daughters.
DEATH CALLS A PIONEER
PHYSICIAN OF NEVADA
The case of Henry Schwartz, charged
with violating the ordinance against pool
selling, was called before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday afternoon. A venire of scventv
flve had been issued, and when court ad
journed at 5 o'clock eight out of twenty
six examined had been accepted Their
naxnes are: C. M. Cross, J. T. Gibson R
J. Hutchison, G. D. Mengola, A. Miller'.
W. J. Ramsey. J. F. Kingston and G.
Scatena. The examination of Jurors will
be resumed this afternoon. :
Poolseller in Court.
Plantation Melodies.
.'There will be a most enjoyable concert
at the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium. Maxon and Ellis streets, to
morrow evening by the Metropolitan Jubi
lee Singers. They will appear in planta
tion melodies, character songs and a gen
uine camp-meeting reproduction. The
concert is given for the benefit of the as
sociation work in this city.
Prangner's business . has not been in a
very. 1 flourishing condition of late and he
has for some time past looked out for a
chance to get work in some more lucra
tive employment. His; friends hope that
he may. have found a country Job and- so
have been unable to let them know /his
whereabouts. : Mrs. Prangner Is almost
distracted with grief and worry. over, her
husband's; mysterious disappearance.
Since: Sunday she has searched the city
high and low in the vain effort to find
some trace of the missing man. Mrs.
Prangner. 'despite ¦. her"- disappointment,
Btill hopes for the best. , >
The * ' Prangners - have two children,
one a girl living with relatives In Ala
meda, and a boy of about 10 who lives
with J his parents. The latter said last
night that his mother had gone out to
search, for,' his father. Up to a late horn
she had not returned. .
The boy said that his father was al
ways kind to his family, and that on Fri
day night he; had seemed even more af
fectionate than, usual. ".'¦•¦.
Mrs. William Wilke, 835^4 Folsom street,
is an ; intimate friend =..¦ of Mr. and ;- Mrs.
Prangner. ¦ She ' said': last i night: "Mrs.
Prangner Is ; ' almost , : crazy with griet.
They. had been married twelve years and
had never, had a serious . quarrel during
thatUlme."? Prangner was a steady fellow
! anda'good ; workman.; ;• He -was looking
for : work ; and ' perhaps . has ' : found a Job
somewhere and * neglected to 7 inform his
wife: of; his whereabouts. Mrs. ': Prangner
fears ;• her.- husband - has ; been made : awa>
with and will put the police in possession
of the facts." , : ; s3"*&gg%si£3£SBaBlBfiSSXES@i
On, the day mentioned Prangner worked
all day, as usual and after : supper he
kissed his, wife and son more affectionate
ly, than was his wont and then walked
out of the house. Since then nothing haa
been heard of him.
Henry A. Prangner, proprietor of the
Golden- Gate Grille Works at 130 Valencia
street, has been missing from his home
since Friday last under mysterious cir
cumstances. .
IHstracted Wife of Henry Prangner/a
' Valencia-Street Iron- Worker,
Searches in Vain for Her
. Husband.
Mystery Surrounds Disap :
pearance of a Grille
Manufacturer.
KISSED FAMILY
AND WENT AWAY
NOT TO RETURN
Johanna Lopez, Charged "With Grand
Larceny, Vainly Tries to Kill
Herself.
Johanna' Lopez, a middle-aged woman,
was arrested . yesterday on complaint of
A.-.W.. Gerdez, who charges her with rob
bing him of $172 50 and a revolver.
. When arrested j a large portion of * the
money and the pistol were- found In her
possession. After being locked up in a
cell in the City Prison the woman tried
to cut her throat with a pocket-knife
which she. had. concealed on her person
but was prevented by one of her cell
mates. "- As she; subsequently showed
symptoms of insanity' the prison officials
had her removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where she was locked up in the de
tention ward.: ¦¦;¦; ,;
Last night she.mado two additional at
tempts to commit suicide by hanging her
self, but was discovered in time by the
steward; and finally- strapped down. -
About three months ago Mrs.- Lopez
swallowed a; dose; of carbolic acid, but
was, saved through the efforts of the doc
tors at the Harbor Hospital, v i
MAKES THREE ATTEMPTS
TO END HER EXISTENCE
City Board of Examination Takes
Favorable Action on Many -.-.- ~~
Applications. ;
The City Board of Examination met on
Tuesday and recommended the granting
by the Board of Education of .the follow
ing teachers' certificates:
Educational diplomas of the grammar grade,
MiF9 Matilda A. Lpjry; University document.
Miss Evelyn D. Armer; life diplomas, grammar
grade, F>r. Franklin G. Balrd. Miss Nellie Sulli
van. Miss Josephine Fleming, Miss Kae Alex
ander." Mrs. Alice H. Marquis.
Special certificates. Miss Irene Muller, draw-
Ing; Mrs. E. S. Mahoney-Grosjeal, French;
Miss R. Herz, German. . . \> :
Renewals of primary certificates; Miss Kate
Mayers, Mies Muriel M. Richards, Miss Es
telle Carpenter.
Renewals of erammar certificates: Miss M.
M. Brooks, Miss M. F. Murphy, Miss E. Gal
lagher. Miss A. C. Tlmmons. Miss A. M. Groze
ller. Miss C. A. McCarthy. Miss F. Vander
bergh. Miss A. B. Shea, Mrs. C. Chalmers.
Miss M. ( n. McLay, Miss Ann Theobold, Miss
S. McGorey, Miss Rose Tompkins, Miss K.,M.
Hare. Miss I. E. Clark. Miss Luella Gillesple.
Mrs. t>. N. Howard. Miss M. E. DohertJV Miss
E. E. Kel!y. A. J. Freese, Miss Marion Earle.
New certificates of grammar grades: Miss
M. E. Thomas. Mrs. Lillie L. Birch. Benjamin
F. Blncoe, Miss Emelia Kalisher, Charles
Thorpe. „
The date for examinations of teachers
was set for September 1 to September 8
at a place to be announced later.
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES V
ARE RECOMMENDED
Campbell. Is indignant at Parrell's ma
licious action and will prefer charges
against him before the Police Commis
sioners. He denies that his daughter is v a
"hoodlum" and says she is quiet and well
behaved. Parrell was a. sailor, before he
joined the force six years ago, and it is
not the first time he has been in similar
trouble. \^< '/
The policeman did not arrest the girl at
the time, but after brooding over the
slapping for two days he went to War
rant Clerk Burke Tuesday afternoon and
asked for a warrant for her arrest for in
terfering with an officer In the. discharge
of his duty, an indictable misdemeanor.
He said she was a "hoodlum" girl and he
desired to make an example of her. Burke
gave him a warrant for battery, and when
he swore to it before Judge Cabaniss he
asked the Judge to mark it for service
either day or night. To carry out his
petty revenge upon the' young girl, he
waited till nearly 2 o'clock yesterday
morning' before attempting to serve the
warrant. The girl's fatner begged him to
¦wait for a few hours and -he. would prom
ise to take her to the prison, but Paxrell
insisted on the girl £«ting out of bed
and dressing herself, at> he had the war
rant.
Ethel Campbell, a girl 16 years of age,
residing at 613 Second street, was com
pelled to leave her warm bed about 2
o'clock yesterday morning by Policeman
P. J. Parrell and accompany him to the
City Prison, where h* preferred a charge
of batterj' against her. The 'girl's father,
John Campbell, went with her to the
prison and gave $20 cash ball for her re
lease. The girl appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the case was dis
missed, Parrell volunteering .the state
ment that he was willing \ this action
should be taken and regretting his con
duct.
Sunday afternoon the girl was walking
along Second street with a friend. Mrs.
Catherine Darcey. when Parrell came up
to them and accused Mrs. Daxcey of being
drunk. The woman became indignant and
Parrell promptly arrested her for disturb
ing the peace. Bthel Is ¦ a nervous girl
and she became highly excited when Par
rell started to drag her friend to the pa
trol box. She jumped upon Parrell's back
and slapped him behind the ear. Parrell
clung fj his prisoner and sent her to the
City Prison.
Gets Even "With Sixteen- Year-Old
Miss for Slapping His Face
on the Street One
Afternoon.
Policeman Parrell Arrests
Ethel Campbell at 2 A. M.
for Spite.
GIRL DRAGGED
FROM HER BED
TO CITY PRISON
"Just to please a whim" that found lodg
ment In the mind of Frank Lawrence and
"thus play a joke upon some friends,"
Miss Pansy Haggett that was became the
lawfully wedded wife of the man with the
whim on July 11 last and did not know it.
Now that she has discovered she is a
blushing bride Mrs. Pansy Lawrence is
angry, and In a suit filed yesterday she
demands her freedom and her maiden
name again.
In her complaint Mrs. Lawrence charges
that on July 11 and while she and her hus
band were visiting at San Rafael in com
pany with friends the defendant proposed
that she accompany him to the home of a
friend near by and have a marriage cere
mony performed and thus make their
friends victims of a good Joke. Tucked
away In Lawrence's pocket, however, was
a marriage license, regularly procured,
and the "friend near by" was a regularly
ordained minister of the Gospel.
Ignorant cf these facts and assured by
Lawrence that the marriage would be only
a. xnock ceremony, the young lady con
sented to become his wife In play. She
never had considered and positively would
not consider the subject of real marriage
with Lawrence, she says, but now finds,
notwithstanding her aversion to becoming
his wife, such tlie is.
False and fraudulent representations
and concealment of facts were practiced
upon her, she says in conclusion, and she
prays for judgment dissolving and annul
ling the marriage that made her the bride
of a man against'her will and without her
knowledge.
Mrs. Lawrence lives with her parents at
42a 1 .j" Broadway and the man she married
In fun is an extra conductor on the Post-
Etreet line. Attorney John H. Kimball,
who represents the unhappy bride, says
that he has looked Into the case and has
the truth of his client's
nverments. "Even the minister who per
formed the ceremony thought It strange
that Mrs. Lawrence frequently Interrupt
ed the ceremeny with merry peals of
laughter," he said, "and that she did is
proof that the solemnity of legal mar
riage did net occur to her and had no in
fiutnee on her actions. \
Charges That Fraud and Concealm
Were Practiced Upon Her by
the Man Whose Name
She Bears.
Mrs. P. Lawrence Demands
Judgment Annulling Her
Marriage.
SHE WEDDED IN
FUN AND BECAME
LAWFUL BRIDE
Within the last few days five attempts
at burglary in the commercial district and
on Barbary Coast \have been reported.- In
each instance the crooks -pried, the locks
off - the doors,- but were j frightened away
before they had 'a chance to" secure any
booty. Saturday night thieves attempted
to rob a cigar stand in front of a saloon
at the corner of Bush and Kearny streets.
The following night attempts were 'made
to gain entrance to Mullln's shoe store
at Montgomery avenue and Stockton
street and to a restaurant on Leldesdorff,
between Sacramento and Clay -streets.
Next night a Jimmy was used In forcing
open the door of a barber shop at 607 Sac
ramento street and early yesterday morn
ing three men were seen breaking into D.
Ilsca's gun store at 320 Broadway, but
they made their escape.
. The woman reported the burglary, to 'the
officers at the California-street station
and last night Detective George McMa
hon ¦ and Policeman ... C. Peters J _ arrested
Ben Scobba at the corner of Kearny and
Pacific streets and charged him with hav
ing helped commit the offense. No money
norvnone of" the missing property was
found on him.' ¦ ' •¦ v. ¦
The woman left the premises shortly af
ter 1 o'clock ' and the thieves must have
commenced their operations soon after
ward. They climbed on to the roof : of
an adjoining structure and with a jimmy
forced an entrance through, a window. ¦-
Late yesterday afternoon Mrs. Joaquina
Valera, the proprietress of a ' saloon "at
42S Pacific street, returned to her placo
of business from a . visit at a friend's
house. She was startled to find that the
upper portion of the ; house had been ran
sacked. Trunks had been pried open with
a hammer, clothes were 'strewn "about, the
floor and the contents of bureau drawers
were scattered in all directions. Every
room presented the same appearance,
each one having been thoroughly search
ed. Gold coin to the amount of- $400 and
$40 in silver were missing. Six diamond
rings that cost several hundred dollars
and which had been secreted in the bot
tom of a trunk -Had been taken, together
with several other pieces of jewelry, in
cluding, bracelets, earrings and breast
pins.
Five Reports of Attempted Robberie3
Have Been Rsceived Recently at
the California-Street
Police Station.
Police Arrest Man Thought
to Have Stolen Coin :
and Jewelry."
BOLD BURGLARY
COMMITTED ON
PACIFIC STREET
¦ADout a.week ago a person giving the
name of Kpbert Davalle called upon Maria
Martinelli, a cigar manutacturer at
Dupont street, and'presented a letter from
A: Benaraini of San Diego, requesting a
loan of some money. Tne woman .knew
Benardini, and not suspecting anything
.wrong advanced $50. Tne man returned
several times with similar requests and
Mrs. ¦¦. Martinelli " ttnally came to the con
clusion .that all was not right. She in
formed the police and the next time Da
valle visited the place he was arrested by
Policeman Chappelle. > ' ..
The prisoner and the letter he had pre
sented, were, taken to the California-street
police station, i The woman and an inter
preter followed'shortly afterward. Chap
pelle turned his prisoner over to the offi
cers at -the station and reported off. A
short was held, during
which Davalle protested his innocence and
seems to, have enlisted the sympathies of
his . hearers. * He exhibited a finger
wrapped in bandages and said it had been
cut. He further stated that the wound
was being treated by Dr. Camillp Bar
sotti, and gave that physician's name as
reference. In a short time he made the
excuse that he wished to have his finger
attended to". and stepped out of the sta
tion. He has not been seen since. Dr.
Barsotti denies that he knows the party.
Mrs.' MartinelH then proceeded to secure
proofs of Davalle's alleged perfidy and
presented the matter before the Chief of
Police in person. A dispatch was sent to
San Diego and an answer was returned
that the letters were not only forgeries,
but that Benardinl had himself been a vic
tim of the man *o the extent of a large
amount. Information was also received
that he is wanted in other places . for
crimes. He has i been known under the
name of A. Gordl." Detective. Cody was
detailed on the case from the Central sta
tion.
A much-wanted criminal eluded the po
lice in a clever manner Tuesday and Chief
of Police Sullivan has detailed a detective
to land him in thetanks If possible. . The
queer feature of .the case Is the fact that
the person : for rn-hom such vigorous
search is now being prosecuted was. once
In -the custody -of the officers, but made
his "escape .from their clutches, and now
there will be no peace until he is recap
tured. - . : .
Had Him in Custody, but by a
Suse He ; Succeeds in Be
.'¦ . ; gaining His Lib- .
erty. ... -, .
Detectives/ .Are Searching
After an Alleged
CLEVER CROOK
MAKES ESCAPE
FROM POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V THURSDAY, AXJGIJST 9, 1900.
14
TflOS. B. B, VARNEY,. Market and Tenth Streets, S.F.
1 • If you travel,, flsh, - hunt-, or_^ play golf your
constant- companion should be Jesse Moore.
Bank Stock paper is used by particular peo-
pl«.' Mj-sell-RolUns, 22 Clay, maltern. : •
Retailed , at ;, 'O'holesale ; Prices.'
\ Bet. Taylor; and [Jones,-" ,;.
Manufacturers of Ladles'* and Children's Wear.
1212-12 14 MARKET ST4
OURGREATiUEADERS. V
BEST -.MUSLIN;; NIGHTGOWNS. 30c, 40c.
- -74c.-O8c. ¦ ;"¦--•¦: •:-¦¦" ;¦ -¦ ->-, ¦:¦•:,
BEST MUSLIN CHEMISE, '• lOc, 33c, 4»c.
-v . 74C. •¦ -¦'¦-: .---.:¦-.¦.•-.., ;:,.
BEST MUSLIN DRAWERS, lOc, ; S4c,, 33c,
48c. : - , - ' ! , -.-¦.•¦:¦•¦¦:.¦.•¦
CHILDREN'S BEST; ! MUSLIN DRAWERS.
three pairs for 25c ,- : ¦-; --V • ¦ ,' - >. v y .-¦»•..
Kax:h day. a- new >' special Vis > offered i. at our
I>ace, ] Embroidery, and -, Ribbon " Counters. : . ;¦
TO-DAY IS LACE AND RIBBONDAY.
LADIES' OVERSKIRTS.
CRASH OVERSKIRTS, . trimmed, worth 65c:
- on 6ale at 30c. ¦
NAVY BLUE. AND, GRAY DUCK: OVER-
SKIRTS, worth S1.25; on sale at «."5c.
IjINEN OVERSKIRTS,. extra, wide,:, worth: Jl;
en: rale at rVTit*. ¦¦-• ¦ , . ¦-,¦:#¦-• .
COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS, extra wide, neatly
trimmed, worth $1.60; 'on sale at O5c. ¦•..-•¦¦¦•¦
NAVY I1LUE OR. BLACK SERGE OVER-
SKIRTP. extra width,, worth $3.D0; on Bale
-.-'.-'at * 1.1»5. — - - - '¦¦-¦¦:¦:
4 LADIES' WAIST. SPECIALS at 2.1c, 4J>c,
•..'¦ 75c and >? I. J>8; worth : double. ' ,.
XfEARE THE RECOGNIZED LEADERS
OF". POPULAR PRICED "LADIES'. -.WRAP-
PERS. WAISTS AND SLEEVES - OF ALL'
OUR WRAPPERS " ARE LINEP- : OUR'. »Ke
AND : >M .2."» t WRAPPERS " are marvels, : both
as to. trimming, ; style and price ;; sizes. 32 -tn "46.
The Rreat'success .with: which 'our J MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR • SALE Is - meeting proves : that
our PRICES . AND STYLES , ARE • CORRECT."
UNDERSKIRTS.
FANCY MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS. . worth
II 25: on »ale at OOc.
METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS, ruffle-lined and
trimmed with . three small . ruffles, .worth
$175; on sale at J>8c. : »¦¦:¦.'.
ACCORDION PLAITED • SKIRTS, worth- Jl;
our price Is 7Oc . . , -
LINEN UNDERSKIRTS, accordion plaited.
ruffle lined, worth $1 £0; our price GSe.:-/,;
BLACK METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS, ruffle-
lln^d, worth 11.75; on sale at ? 1.25. ..
SAMPLE ¦ LOT : OF SKIRTS. : about - fifty dlf-
• ferent Rtyles, worth from ; 7i>c to $1.50; as
long as they last you can have choice of
, entire lot i at »»5c:each. ¦' / . •. . : .-. ¦¦¦•; .•;'¦- ¦;¦:
SKIRT SALE
AN UNUSUAL, PURCHASE ENABLES . US
TO PLACE ON SALE A LINE OF LADIES'
UNDER AND OVER SKIRTS THAT . FOR
STYLES. MATERIALS- AND PRICE CAN-
NOT IN SOME INSTANCES BE SOLD REG-
ULARLY UNDER DOUBLE THE PRICE
WE'RE SELLING THEM FOR. - HERE'S. A
FEW OF THE PRICES AS LONG. AS THE
GOODS LAST. - '
Mr. G. Flamm, the ladles' tailor of 1423
Polk street, has returned after visiting
all the principal cities in Europe. •
y ADVEBTISEMENTS,
T t.
I We Are Giving
3 X Premiums Flffi
Teas, Coffees, .
Spices; Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Bay
-* 1 " Great / Americaa^ Importlia TefCn
MONEY-SAVING SlVREa.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
, 861 Market St. - (Opp. Powell).
' 140 Sixth St. khr«W#>%«m
S55 Hares St. . Z1S Third St..
1419 Polk St. ' 621 Montgomery At*.
2516 Mission St. T06 Larkln St. '
)0G6 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
148 • Ninth - St. 475 HalEht St.
2008 FlUmore St. ' 3285- Mission St. -
62 Market St. r- 2732 21th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington fit. 816 E. 12th St. .
1237 Broadway. -1185 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. . 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
: B St., near 4th. 3aa Rafael.
A Big Premium Given With
Ev«ry Purchase.
. *
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Including Lemalres. -with and without handles,
j Oculists* -prescriptions": filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing, k Phone, Main 10.
"0PTICIANp£^^*^«w.
642:MARKEf5T. Instruments
. u>«DEfi chrohicu BunotNO. CATALOGUE hit.
DR.MC]\fULTY:
riinis WELL-KXOWK AND RELIABT.ROt,I>
i -»- NervoiM, andillood l>is-
-eiises of Men only on Private Uiseaaes and
iWpaknewes of M e n. f ree. Over "-0 y',tn' pxp«ri<»nce.
Patients ctired.al Hum*. Terms reasonable, noun)
to3dal1y:&30to8:na er'gs. SnmUn, 10 to 10. Consul-
Uttionfreeniii! sacredly oonfldentUl. Call, or address
P. nOKCU K 3Ir.\ I' I,T Y, 31. 1).
gCj< Kenrny »t., Han Francisco. Cal.
i< ffi!».DBOTY.SrRONG&CO>g»t L
~-~ V^^aSO MARKET bx's'HS^^^
Hole's.
Hole's.
Hole's.
ADVEBTISEOHENTS.
¦ ¦¦¦ '{., , - ' '
the busiest August in the historu of the
Hale's j it seems like Xmasirading, so manu
are the 'eager purchasers, a removal sale
onlu comes once for us, for we are moving to
our ownstore, and it is our aim not to he
hampered hu Dresenr stocks, our large
cores of hugers is now, and has been for
monthSr busu gathering from first hands
the stocks -for the new store, these goods
are about to arrive— we are about to move,
that is whu selling is so imperative f that
'is whu we are so busu— and the goods must
be priced right— else whu do the crowds
come— and keep coming.
3-Day Specials I
THREE DATS EACH WEEK
"WE ENABLE YOU TO BUT
"GOOD GROCERIES" AT PRICES
LOWER EVEN THAN THOSE QUOTED
BY DEALERS SELLING "INFERIOR-
GROCERIES. "
OUR SPECIALS FOR THURSDAY.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAT
WILL SURELY INTEREST YOTJ.
CLARET, gallon -^:f 35c
¦ An excellent oil table win*.
Regularly 60c... L.
IDEAL BREAKFAST MUSH. 4 p)p 25c
A delicious breakfast food— cooks quick.
Regularly 3 for 23c
SWEET WiNES, bot 25c
Galloa 51.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica, Muscat.
Choice old native wines.
Regularly 40o and Jl 50.
CRYSTALLIZED GINGER, 2 IDs 25c
• • Regularly 20c alb.
WALNUTS, Ib (Dc
Choice English Walnuts.
Regularly 15c
MALT WHISKEY, bot 75c
Royal Brand — purest and safest.
Regularly U 00.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot 15c
Ideal brand — best In the market.
Regularly 20c.
•row-awSfel 7ftr25c
A very good smoke
at a moderate price.
Regularly 5c each.
A splendid line of Key West and Harasa
clears at cut orices.
Country Ordera Solicited -CatalogBi Freo.
39 STOCKrON ST., neap Market
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 55a
After a Refreshing Bath
On- a sultry day the prospect of putting
o*i «uch exquisitely laundered linen, whita
and faultless In finish, is a pleasure to the
man that has his shirts, collars and cuff 3
Sfoneup" at our laundry. Our aim Is to
nl%*e our patrons, and w« spare no pains
to do It. as we want the patronage O f
every man In San Francisco. , , No "saw
ed Dom'estlc finish for full dress shirts If
you order it. ___
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Marlcet Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 36S 12th Street.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments ¦ and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha "
American and European plans. /
GRAND HQTEi;
I Begins Corona
M The Rrcina Corona plays with
|E 15%-inch eteel tune sheets like the
B small Reginas. but the Corona
B has an attachment which, when
C once started, plays one tune fol-
B lowing another automatically.
K taking the tune sheets one by
B one from the case b£low and re-
8 placing them.
9 The Corona has a plano'sound-
¦ Ins-board back, which gives it
H great voJurne; case of oak or ma-
S hoeany- The price is
§ $175 00.
B ¦ - The Orchestral Reidna.. finest
S music-box in existence; :tune
5 sheets. 27 Inches in diameter.
1 Price tSM. >'?¦¦¦¦ - " "
K Tou will find . In our • Ftegina
13 room all these musical . boxes on-
» Tree exhibition. ; . . .
i Sherman, Clay & Co.
t~, fltelawmy Fia.ro leiltn, ,
\- ' C«r. Kenxy and Setter Sts . S. 7.
I
PAINLESS
DENTISTRYI
,.v , ;. i Evenings until 9. Sundays all f
'.'¦;¦ , .'(Say. •-¦ --«;• f ¦¦¦ ..¦..-•.;¦••,¦.-¦ ?j.^
,:, Full Bet of .Teeth, pain- £ . '.'<
" ' Gold Crowns." 22-k.7...'I«3^5O up t - •
1 Fillings ..'.......:....... 25oup
1 Teeth . Without ¦-'. Plate* , Our ;
;~; : ' . Ep«cialty. We give - eas. ¦ M .
''VAN VROOM,"
'f-' ¦¦¦„ :', : /OOi MA/tHET,
SIXTH and MARKER.