THE WESTERN GATE OF THE TARTAR CITY, PEKING.
From the Illustrated London News.
THAT EDICT OF THE
CHINESE GOVERNMENT
his acts . aro authenticated \ by seal, ; which
WASHINGTON, July 12.— The good im
pression made by the edict of. the Chinese
Government given out by Minister Wu
yesterday threatens to be offset to some
extent to-day by the reports from London
stating that Prince Tuan was the real
author of this edict and that some of Its
most forcible anti-foreign language was
omitted from the version given out here.
But at the Chinese legation these intima-^
tlons from London are dismissed, as
groundless. The dispatch was received
here in Chinese; that is, in the numerals
by which the Chinese Government trans
mits itsofttclal code. messages. .This in lt
self, it is said, indicates that it came with
the sanction of those; In imperial author
ity, as the official' code 13 not known out
side of this limited circle.
Two translations were required— first
from the numerals to the Chinese, and
second from tho Chinese to the English.
These,, translations .were . rriade-by the
members of the legation staff here, so that
the ultimate text as made public con
tained the phraseology, adopted by the of
ficials in this city. 'In making their trans
lation they say thev adhered ; literally to
the telegraphed edict; so that the pub
lished text contains everything embraced
In the; original. \
When the Emperor, Kwangr Hsu. Issues
an edict he does not Jslgn> his. name, but
in. this case could not be cabled so that
the document was authenticated as com
ing from the Privy Council, the highest
body of dignitaries in China and the one
most closely associated with the imperial
household. Following an invariable cus
tom in times of disorder, the War Office
at Peking was Intrusted with furnishing
the runners to carry the message to the
Imperial Treasurer of Chili, who in turn
got it to Shanghai. From that point it
was sent direct to the various Ministers
the world over, coming to Washington di
rect instead of by the usual route of Lon
don. Under the foregoing circumstances
the Chinese officials regard it as estab
lished beyond the slightest question 'that
the edict is a bona tide expression from
the Imperial Government of China, and
moreover that It Is complete as given out
here, without the anti-foreign addenda
sought to be put into it In other quarters.
COMMUNICATION BLOCKED.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The Commercial
Cable Company sends out the following
notice: .
."We are Informed that the Great North
ern Telegraph Company has received no
tification from Shanghai that telegraphic
communication with Chefu has been in
terrupted since yesterday evening."
LI HTJNG CHANG'S SYMPATHY.
BERLIN. July 12.— The Cologne » Volks
Zettung says that, the family of the late
Baron von Ketteler has received a^ tele
gram ( 0f sympathy from Li Hung Chang. ;
PLANS FOR FEEDING
THE ARMY IN CHINA
WASHINGTON, July 32.— The plans of
the War Department for feeding the army
in China are being gradually formulated.
It.l:as b**en decided that all troops des
tined for Nagasaki with a probability of
service in China shall carry sixty days'
rations, which will be. landed with them.
Transportation for this amount of stores
will be furnished at once, so that the
American contingent will be able to make
a prominent movement forward, should
it become necessary to act in semi-in
dependence with the allied forces.
A great deal of impatience Is expressed
In the department at the slow movement
of the allies, and personal friends of Gen
eral Chaffee feel confident that if he Is
given a free hand from Washington he
will Inaugurate a decided move immedi
ately on his arrival in the event that this
has not been anticipated by Colonel LIs
cum, although the latter is handicapped
by a. very n.eager force.
Manila will bu utilized as a base for all
supplies and the Commissary Department
has enough material there to meet all de
mands in the Chinese contingent. A
transport will be put In service for a regu
lar weekly run with supplies between Ma
nila and Taku, seven days dls*ant. which
will form the base on Chinese soil.
GENERAL GRANT MAY
BE SENT TO CHINA
Special Dlsnatch to The Call. /
WASHINGTON, July 12.— Brigadier
General Fred D. Grant will probably be
assigned to duty in China. It Is under
stood on excellent authority that Genera
Grant's name Is being considered by th-
Secretary of War with a view to the issu
ance of orders to him to report to Briga
dier General cnaffee for such duty at I
that officer may give him. General Chaf '
fee is senior to Grant, so that there is m
danger of any question of precedence oc
currlng.
Army officers who were spoken to to
day relative to the prospect of Genera
Grant's assignment to the Far East ap
proved the selection, not alone becaus.
of General Grant's soldierly qualities, bu
because of the Innuence his name la ex
pected to have upon the Chinese. The at
tentlon of the Secretary of War has beei
Invited to the fact that General Grant'i
father was held in high esteem by th.
Chinese, and it 13 hoped that his son com
insr in the name of the same Government
that the father served so well and faith •
fully ¦will have a ' strong Influence upoi
the Celestials.
Though the officials do not know tin
fate of the American legation and othei
Americans In Peking. It Is a. fact that li
no other point In China, so far as the;
have been advised, has a citizen of thli
country been injured. This fact is a mat
ter of considerable congratulation, ant
It Is hoped that It augurs well for ttu
Americans In Peking.
TTJAN REPORTED INSANE.
CHEFTJ, July 9.— It 13 reported on goot
authority that Prince Tuaa has hecomi
insane. In consequence of the movementi
of the rebels toward Tslntau the Germaru
have withdrawn some of their troops fron
Taku to protect Tsintau.
The women and children from Ne-w
chwan? have arrived her*.
SUBSEQUENT SILENCE
DECIDEDLY SINISTER
PARIS. July 12.— The Temps this even
ing announces that It is in a position to
afilrm that, contrary to statements from
various sources, no European telegram
hns been received from Peking since that
of Sir Robert Hart, Inspector General of
Chinese Customs, dispatched Sunday,
June 24, declaring the situation was des
perato.
Continuing, the Temps says: "The sub
sequent silence is sinister. If It is true
the legations are safe they could commu
nicate with Europe. If they cannot it is
because the Chinese have juggled dates
and the massacres took place as an
nounced on June 30 or July 1."
THYING TO MTJPJDER KANG.
LONDON. July 13.-The Singapore cor
respondent of tho Express says: Two
Japanese recently made a determined at
tempt to murder Kang Yu Wei. the exiled
leader of the Chinese Reform party, who
Is here under British protection, and who
la always accompanied by four Sikh
guards. These foiled the attempt and ar
rested the assailants, but Kang Yu Wei
was badly wounded. There have been
many attempts to murder Kang Yu Wef
by poison in order to gain the price set
upon his head by tho Chinese.
WILLIAM'S POLICY UPHELD.
BERLIN, July 12.— The Bundesrath For
eign Committee, which sat yesterday and
approved Emperor William's China meas
ure, is a body specially created at the
Instance of Bavaria in order to give the
ncn-Prufsian states of Germany a chance
to control Emperor William's foreign pol
icy. Such sessions have occurred very
rarely since 1871, but his Majesty desired
to thus demonstrate that he had nothing
to hide. The committeo consists of rep
resentatives of all the non-Prussian states
of Germany. -
LONDON. July 12.— The P-ritish Admi
ralty has received tho following dispatch
from Vice Admiral Seymour:
RUSSIA HAS ORDERED
SURGEONS TO MANCHURIA
* ¦ .......
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1500. by t!:e Herald Pub
lishing Company.
8T. PETERSBURG. July 12.— The Gov-
"TIENTSIN. Saturday, July T.-Th<
Chinese continue fighting, often shelling
th«? settlements. They are extending theii
lines along the Lu Tal An canai to th«
northeast and are apftearinr? in frrop.tei
forc<» west of ih* city. Yesterday wo bom
barded th" city and immediate suburb*
which stopped tho <~hinf-s<? gunfire foi
Fome time. The French settlement is
most subject to attack. To-day there wsu
another bombardment. Am steadily get
ting up more guns. Ten thousand troop]
are now here. More are required, bu'
both the Russian and Japanese are ex
pected." '
ALLEGED DEFEAT OF
PRINCE TUAN'S ARMY
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Journal spe
cial from Shanghai says: The Viceroy of
Fuhkien has received dispatches from
Peking, dated July 7. announcing that
General Nieh. with »Xi men, has reached
there from Lutla by making a long de
tour to the north. He met and defeated
Prince Tuan's army and rescued Prince
Ching. but lost 2500 men in the operation.
He is now trying to rescue General Yung
Lu and thus save what may be left of the
If-prations in Peking. Nieh Is favorable to
the foreigners.
SEYMOUR REPORTS
ON TIENTSIN FIGHTING
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1?W, by the Herald Pub
llshine Company.
TIENTSIN. July 6 (Via Shanghai, July
i->. — The Chinese showed themselves on
the 4th on both the east and west. In tne
latter position they were easily repulsed.
On the cast they shelled the French and
Japanese from long range, keeping out of
Fis'nt. This is their strongest posi
tion. They have twelve guns mounted
that are out of range of all the allied
forces, except three tv/elve-pounders from
the British cruiser Terrible. One four
inch and three moro twelve-pounders are
expected soon. The Chinese began shel!
iii;? early yesterday. The twelve-pounders
replied,! and while not dismounting the
enemy's suns, the Chinese shifting their
position finally forced them to cease fir
ing-. I^ater the Russians advanced and
drew their fire, discovering a new gun.
rr.nking a total of twelve In this position.
The Chinese are extending their trenches
en the left. The foreigners' temporary
weakness at long range work is encour
aging them. Their guns, munitions and
shooting are far superior to anything
shown by them in the Japanese war.
Two hundred and fifty non-combatant
residents were sent away yesterday.
There have been practically no casual
ties among the civilians. No news comes
from Peking.
LINERS TO CARRY TROOPS.
HAMBURG. July 12.— The Boersenhalle
announces that the Hamburg-American
line has leased four North German Lloyd
line steamers to the Marine Minister for
the transportation of 12,000 troops and
ammunition to China.
eminent has ordered one hundred armj
burgeons to Manchuria. This is consider
ed to Indicate Important military opera
tions against China.
? -
ARTILLERY FIGHTING
BEGAN ON THE FOURTH
WASHINGTON, July 12.— "On to Peking" is the policy adopted by our
Government. It is said that- regardless of the Issues raised as to the
authenticity of the last Chinese note, or to the accuracy of its state
ment of fact, or question raised as to the responsibility forjthe present
situation, our Government at least is determined not to relalc its efforts
to reach Peking, to get in touch with Mr. Conger if he is alive, to take the neces
sary steps for the protection of American Interests, and, in fact, to do all those
things set out in Secretary Hay's note to the powers, including, a reckoning with
the person or persons responsible for the outrageous events of the past six weeks.
Twenty-four hours' consideration of the Chinese note leaves the officials here
convinced that it marks the beginning of a general effort on the part of the Chi
nese officials to relieve themselves ' from/responsibility for the treatment of the
foreign Ministers and the fighting at Tientsin. That, in itself, is regarded as a
hopeful sign of the approaching collapse of the Boxer movement and the termi
nation of the state of insurrection that exists in Peking and Shantung.
Victors do not apologize; hence the exculpatory statement yesterday is be
lieved to<be pregnant with meaning. • '.
The news from Tientsin of the unsatisfactory relations between the allied
forces goes to confirm the AVar Department officials here In their original convic
tion that two or three brigades of American troops,.. veterans of the Indian wars,
of the' Cuban campaign and of the Philippine jungle hunt, could have achieved
some valuable results by this time had they been at Tientsin.
.It Is inferred at the War Department that Colonel. Llscutn and the two bat-,
talions of the Ninth Infantry, which arrived at Taku on Friday, have reache.l
Tientsin. Colonel LIscum was given a free hand . in the- matter of an advance,
and it is thought that by prompt movement he has already reached the beleagured
city of Tientsin, where, according to advices to-day to the British Admirality, -
reinforcements were urgently needed.. J
' ' The quartermaster's department has chartered the steamer Aztec at San
Francisco and has directed that she be fitted f or • use in the transportation of
horses and mules for the Philippines or China, as the case may be.
In view of the prospective military operations in China the quartermaster's
department is favorably considering the advisability of establishing a regular
service between Taku and Nagasaki, and using the transport Logan and the
freight ships Flintshire and Wyefleld for that purpose. The Logan carried the
Ninth Infantry from Manila to Taku, and is now at the latter port. The Flint
shire and Wyefield are scheduled to leave Manila to-morrow with two battalions
of the Fourteenth Infantry and a battery", of .the. Fifth Artillery for Taku. The
selection of Nagasaki as one of the terminals Is due to the fact that all trans
ports now leaving San Francisco for Manila will touch at that port, and In case
it la desired to send the troops carried by them to China the service could be done
by the line from Taku;'without the necessity of diverting, the regular Pacific
transports from their proper destination at Manila. This arrangement would re
sult in a saving of time, as the transfer of troops could be effected more quickly
than the outgoing transport could be coaled and provisioned~for the extra trip to
China. The State Department le now in negotiation with the Japanese govern
ment for permission to land these armed forces at Nagasaki. It is expected that
this permission will be speedily granted.
"ON TO PEKING"
NOW THE POLICY
United States Realizes That
Most Active Steps Must Be
Taken at Once to Rescue
Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 12.—
China is playing for time in the hope of delaying action by the powers until
Lthey have become engaged in conflict among themselves. This seems to ba
tho consensus of opinion among diplomats and officials here to-day. It is
perhaps the discussion of international affairs following upon the publication
of the Chinese decree presented to Secretary Hay yesterday by Minister
Wu that is responsible for the alarming rumors that have been current here to
day that Russia and Japan are nearer war at present than they have ever been.
I have taktn pains to inquire in both diplomatic and official quarters as to
whether any new developments had occurred from which these rumors could have
sprung. I am assured," however, that no n»w controversies, have arisen betweeen
the two countries, though Japan did not like the attitude adopted by Russia with
respect to the dispatch of Japanese troops to China, nor was Russia pleased with
the large number Japan proposed to throw into the Celestial empire.
The relations between Russia and Japan have been strained since Russia was
instrumental in preventing Japan from obtainirg Chinese territory as the iesult of
the Japan-Chinese war. and in subsequently taking measures for the acquisition
of territory herself. While in administration circles there is a disposition to be
lieve that Ruf-sia will withdraw from Manchuria, when the Chinese question has
been" settled, in diplomatic circles antagonistic to Russia the belief prevails that
Russia will permanently hold Northern China on the ground that her troops there
are necessary to maintain peace and order.
Another phase of the International situation whfch is causing concern is a lack
of co-operation among the foreign commanders. Th!s possibility had been antici
pated by officials of the administration, who have been anxious that something
should be done by the several Governments to fix who should command the allied
force3 and tho several divisions and brigades.
Japan proposes to send a field marshal to China. France a lieutenant general,
and others ofllcer3 of rank equal to that of France. Japan is the only country that
will send an officer of the rank of field marshal, so unless there should be some
agreement among the powers his position will be a rather difficult one to deter
mine. . v
As Japan is" sending the largest force she necessarily desires that her officer
shall command. It is further pointed out to-day that Great Britain and Russia
have vice admirals at Taku, and France will send a vice admiral to that point.
The report that the foreign troops at Tientsin do not co-operate is accepted here
as authentic, and it is likely that Secretary Hay will make every effort to induce
the powers to come to some understanding relative to the organization of the al
lied troops operating in China.
Trying to Delay Action by the
Powers Until They Become
Engaged in Conflict Among
Themselves.
CHINA PLAYNG
GAME FOR TIME
From Le Journal Illustre.
INTERNATIONAL FORCES SEIZING A TRAIN AT TIENTSIN FOR THE ADVANCE TO PEKING, JUNE 11.
LONDON. July 13.— The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail says the following story regarding the position in
Peking emanates from Chinese official sources:
"The two remaining legations, the British' and Russian, were attacked ir force on tho evening of July 6, Prince
Tuan being in command. The attackers were divided. Prince Tuan commanded the center, the right wing was led by
Prince Tsai Yin and the left by Princy? Yin Lin. The reserves were tinder Prince Tsin Yu.
"The attack commenced with artillery fiehtina:, which was severe and lasted until 7 o'clock in the morning:, by
¦which time both legations were destroyed and all the foreigners were dead, while the streets around the legations were:
full of the dead bodies of both foreigners and Chinese.
"Upon hearing of the attack Prince Chir.g and General Wang Wen Sha went with troops to the assistance of the
foreigners, but they were outnumbered and defeated. Both Prince Ching and General Wang Wen Sha were killed. Sev
eral foreigners are said to have escaped through the grates, one with a heavy sword wound in his head. -
"Prince Tuan, in celebration of the ..victory, distributed 1W.000 taels art*- huge quantities of Flee to the fcpxers."
SHANGHAI. July 12.— iris report e<T{Kat a Chtnrse mere-aunt here has received a letter, from Peking, <li?tcd June SO,
Faying the legations were demolished and that the foreigners had been killed. It is announced from a good source that
SBJDOO Russians are marching on Peking from the north.
LONDON', July 13. -1:10 a. m.— A terrible veil of silence enshrouds Peking:, and there is nobody but believes the worst has
happened. It is taken for granted that all the powers have exhausted every means to get direct news from their
legations, and th* fact that their efforts have keen In vain leaves but one interpretation. The Chinese representative
in Berlin denies the statement that Li Hur.g Chang had sf-nt to him a hopeful telegram. He says that, on the con
trary, no direct telegram has boon received by him from LI Huns Chang for sonic time.
The day"s Dews is again restricted to the usual crop of untrustworthy Shanghai rumors, the most serious of which, re
ported by the correspondent of the Express, is to the effect that Europeans are directing the Chinese military operations.
The correspondent asserts th.it Captain Bailey of II. .11. S. Aurora distinctly saw a man in European garb directing the Chi
nese artilkry operations outside of Tien '.sin. * '
Foreign refugees from Tientsin openly accuse a European official, whose name the Express correspondent suppresses.
and Colonel von Hannokin. who was foxmerljr employed to drill the Chinese troops, of being parties to a plot to procure
the escape of Genera] Chang and themselves from Tientsin before the Bombardment; leaving the other foreigners to their
Statements are in circulation taiShangcal accusing the Russians of indiscriminate slaughter of friendly Chinese non
cotnbatantf. without regard to age or ?ex. The manager of a Chinese steamship company, who has arrived in Shanghai,
psserts thru he only < smpod from Tientsin by cutting oil his queue and donning European clothes. It is -stated that the
Taotai of Shanghai protested to the powers against these Russian slaughters.
It is ?s?erted that the Buddhist prints throughout the empire are propagating Prince Tuan's anti-foreign sentiment.
News is circulating throughout the Yangtse Valley that General Ma has inflicted a crushing defeat upon the allies at
Tientsin, and that the foreign army has been cut to pieces east of Peking. The actual impotence of the allied forces gives
color to these stories, with the worst results.
The Shanghai corrc ppondent of the Express prves Tientsin advices to July 8. when the superior range of the Japan
ese artillery enabled them to relieve the Russians, who were hard pressed at the railway station.
LATEST STOFfcY OF A\MSSMCRE /\T PEKING.
From Shanghai Comes a Story of the Destruction' of the Last
of the Legations at the Chinese Capital by Forces Under
Prince Tuan and the Massacre of All the Foreigners.
Streets Reported Filled With Bodies.
This Startling Assertion Is Among the Crop
of Rumors, but the Terrible Veil of
Silence Surrounding Peking Is Not
Pierced, and It Is Believed the Worst
Has Happened.
EUROPEANS SAID TO BE DIRECTING
THE CHINESE MILITARY OPERATIONS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— ZSTO. 43.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.the Canton escort marched toward the
President's house. By the time they had
arrived a large crowd had collected, and
the committee was received with cheers.
Senator Lodge and Senator Hanna were
in the lead of thfe notification party. Both
entered tho. house and had, a chat with
President McKinley and then returned to
the porch. A few moments later the Pres
ident, with Mrs. McKinley on his arm,
came upon the porch, and their appear
ance was heralded with general cheering.
A number of distinguished men occupied
scats on the porch, among them being
Senator Hanna, Postmaster General
Smith, Cornelius N. Bli3s, /Henry C.
Payne, Judge Day, R. C. Kerens and Rep
resentative Taylor. With Mrs. McKinley
¦were Mrs. Barber,, Mrs. Mary Saxton,
Mrs. Judge Day and Mrs. Charles Dawes.
Senator Lodge Speaks.
Senator Lodge immediately mounted a
small standing block and delivered his
speech, saying:
Mr. President: This committee, represent
ing every State in the Union and the organ
ized Territories of the United States, was duly
appointed to announce to you, formally, your
nomination by the Republican National Con
vention which met In Philadelphia on June 19
last, as the candidate of the Republican party
for President of the United States for the
term beginning March 4, 1S01. To be sealed
by the Republican party as their candidate
for this great office is always one of the
highest honors which can be. given to any
man. This nomination, however, comes to you.
Fir, under circumstances which give it a high
er significance and make it an even deeper
expression of honor and tru^t than usual. You
were nominated unanimously at Philadelphia.
You received the unforced vote of every dele
gate, from every State and every Territory.
Harmony of Sentiment.
The harmony of sentiment which appears on
the face of the record was but the reflection
of the deeper harmony which existed in- the
hearts and minds of the delegates. Without
faction, without dissent, with profound . sat
isfaction and eager, enthusiasm, you were nom
inated for the Presidency by the united voice
of the representatives of our great party, in
which there Is neither 'Sign of division nor
shadow of turning. Huch unanimity, always
remarkable. Is here the more Impressive be
cause it accompanies a second nomination to
the great office Which you have held for four
years. It Is not the facile triumph of hope
.over experience, but the sober approval of con
duct and character tested in many trials and
tried by heavy and extraordinary responsi
bilities. With the exception of the period In
which Washington organized the nation and
built the State, and of those other. awful years
when Lincoln led his people through the agony
of civil war and saved from destruction the
work of Washington, there has never b»en a
Presidential term In our history : so crowded
with treat events, bo filled with new and mo
mentous questions as that wblch is now draw
ing to its end. True to the declarations which
were made at St. Louis in- 1806.. you, »slr,- united
with the Republicans in Congress In the re
\-l»ion of the tariff and' the re-establishment of
the ¦ protective policy. ,, >¦/-; -,'¦ .--,:/.- :;^ -¦¦;.- -
You maintained our credit and ' upheld the
gold standard, leading the party by your ad
vice to Uie passage cf the great measure,
which is to-day the great bulwark of both.
You led atraln in the great policy which has
made Hawaii a possession of the United States.
On all of these questions you fulfilled the hopes
and justified the confidence of the people. who
four years ago put trust in your promises. But
on all these questions, also, you had as guides,
not only your own principles, the well-con
sidered results of years of training and reflec
tion, but also the plain declarations of the na
tional convention which nominated you In 1S36.
Far different was it when the Cuban ques
tion, which we had already promised to settle,
brought first war and then Deace with Spain.
Congress declared war, but you, as commander
in-chief, had to carry it on. You did so, and
history records unbroken victory from the first
shot of the Nashville to the day when the
protocol was signed. The peace you had to
make alone. Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines;
you had to assume alone the responsibility of
taking them all from Soaln. Alone and
weighted with the terrible responsibility of the
unchecked war powers of the constitution, you
were obliged to govern th^se islands and to
repress rebellion and disorder in the Philip
pines. No party creed defined the course you
were to follow. Courage, foresight, compre
hension of American interests, both now and in
tho uncharted future, faith in the American
people and in their fitness for great tasks, were
then your only guides and counselors. .
Thus you framed and put in operation this
great new policy which has made us at once
masters of the Antilles and a great Eastern
power, holdlnc firm- our possessions on both
Bides of the Pacific.
Admirable Diplomacy.
The new and atrange ever excite fear, and
the courage and prescience which accept them
always arouse criticism and attack. Yet a
great departure and a new policy were never
more quickly Justified than those undertaken
by yop. On the possession of the Philippines
rests the admirable diplomacy which warned
all nations that American trade was not to be
shut out from China. It Is to Manila that we
owe the ability to send troops and ships in this
time of stress to the defense of our Ministers,
our missionaries, our consuls and our mer
chants in China, instead of being compelled to
leave our citizens to the casual protection of
other powers, as would have been unavoidable
had we flung the Philippines away and with
drawn from the Orient. Rost assured, sir, that
the vigorous measures which you have thus
been enabled to take, and that all further
measures in the same direction which you may
take for the protection of American lives and
property, will receive the hearty support of the
people of the United States, who are now, as
always, determined that the American citizen
shall be protected at any cost In all his rights,
everywhere, and at all times. It is to Manila
again, to our fleet in the bay and to our army
on land that we shall owe the power, when
these scenes of blood in China are closed, to
exact reparation, to enforce stern justice and
to insist on the final settlement, upon an open
door to all that vast market for our growing
commerce.
Events moving with terrible - rapidity . have
been swift witnesses to the wisdom of your ac
tion In the Easlt The Philadelphia convention
lias adopted your policy both in the Antilles
and the Philippines and has made It their own
and that of the Republican party.
Election Assures the Policy.
Tour election." sir, next November, assures to
us the continuance of that policy abroad and
in our new possessions. To entrust these diffi
cult and vital questions to other hands at once
incompetent and hostile would be disastrous
and a still more unrelieved disaster to our pos
terity.-, Your election means not only protection
to our industries, but the maintenance of
a sound currency and of the gold standard; the
very cornerstone of our economic and financial
welfare. Should these be shaken, as they would
be by the success of our opponents. ¦: the. whole
fabric of our business confidence and prosperity
would fall Into ruin; Tour defeat would be
the signal for the advance of free trade, for the
anarchy of a debased and unstable, currency,
for business panic, depression and hard times,
and for the wreck of our foreign policy. ¦
Tour election and the triumph of the Repub
lican party, which we believe to be as sure as
the coming of the day.. will make certain the
steady protection of our Industries, sound mon
ey, and a vigorous and Intellectual foreign pol
icy. They., will ;continue these "conditions of
good government and - wlseleglplation so essen
tial to the prosperity and well-being which have
.blessed - our country- ln~ such, abundance during
the past four, years. "
Thus announcing to you, air, your nomination
•j the Itepubllcaa candidate foe tie Frealdeucy,
we have the honor also to submit to you the de
claration of principles made by the National
Convention, which, we trust, will recel\e your
approval. We can assure you of tho faithful
and earnest support of the Republican party in
every State, and we beg you to believe that we
deepest personal gratification, this honorable
duty imposed upon us by the convention.
CheerXfor McKinley.
The Senator's, remarks were frequently
Interrupted with applause. When he
closed President McKinley mounted the
stand, the vast concourse of peopleVheer
ing heartily. It was some moments before
the President could proceed. He had a
manuscript in his hand, but he referred
to it only at long intervals. The President
spoke as follows:
Senator Lodge and Gentlemen of the Notifica
tion Committee: The message which you bring
to me is one of signal" honor. It Is also a
summons to duty. A single nomination for the
office of President by a great party which in
thirty-two years cut of forty has been trium
phant at national elections is a. distinction
which I gratefully cherish. To receive unani
mous renomlnatton by the same party is an ex
pression of regard and a pledge of continued
confidence for which it is difficult to make ade
quate acknowledemen*.
II anything exceeds the honor of the office of
President of the United States It is the respon
sibility which attaches to it. Having been in
vested with both, 1 do not underappraise either.
Only one who has borne the anxieties and
burdens of the Presidential office, especially In
time of national trial, can not contemplate as
suming it a second time without profoundly
realizing the severe exactions and the solemn
obligations which it impeses, and this feeling
is accentuated by the momentous problems
which now press tor settlement. If my coun
trymen shall confirm the action of the conven
tion at our national election in November I
shall, craving divine guidance, undertake the
exalted trust to administer It for the inlahd
honor of the country and the well being of the
new peoples who have become the objects of
our care. The declaration of principles adopted
by the convention has my hearty approval. At
some future date I will consider its subjects in
| detail and will by letter communicate to your
chairman a more formal acceptance of tha
nomination.
What "Was Said Four Years Ago.
On a like occasion four years ago I said*
"The party that supplied by legislation the
vast revenues f6r the conduct of our greatest
war; that promptly restored the credit of the
country at its close; that from its abundant
revenues paid eft a large share of the debt in
curred by this war. and that resumed specie
payments and placed our paper currency upon
a sound and enduring basis can be <«afelv
trusted to preserve hoth our credit and cur
rency with honor, stability and inviolability
The American people hold the financial honor
of our Government as sacred as our flac and
can he relied upon to guard it with the same
sleepless vigilance. They hold its preserva
tion above party fealty, and have orten demon
strated that party ties avail nothing when
th# spotless credit of our country la thre-it
ened. The dollar paid to the farmer -the
wage-earner and the pensioner must coiitlnul
forever equal In purchasing and debt-nay™*
po«;er to the dollar paid to any Governrm-Vu
credtor. Our Industrial supremacy, ourTrS
ductive capacity, our business and commer
cial prosperity, our lator and its reward? our
national credit and currency, our r-ridi. fin««
cial honor and our splendid fre* cltf»n,hi
the btrthrlBht of every America" Vw""?^'
volvedjn the pending campaign, and thi
every home in the land is directly nnd-lntl
mately _ connected with their prop"" Vtt!*"
ment. Our domestic trade must K»i "
and our idle working peopled ployed ?,^ ? j?,?
ful occupations at American wages Our h^I
market must be restored to its nroiirtHI ,? m f
first in the world, and our foreign t r^". k of
precipitately. cut oft by adverse n?i innoi*', so
islation. reopened on fair and
for our surplus agricultural and tnanuf.^" 1 "
Ing products. Public confidence must h?
Fumed and the skill, energy and thi « Z .
of our country flnd ample employment at ffi'
The Government of the United statM «;
raise money enough to meet both t?« 1 must
expenses and increasing needs if « cu «rent
should be so raised as to protect the mHT 8
interests of our people, with thA lrltw . terla!
Bible drain upon their resource* !^ Mt P? 8 "
tainlng that high standard of cfvinzaUon m il n Z
SCENES ATTENDING THE NOTIFICATION OF THE REPUBLICAN
NOMINEES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
In Receiving ttie Notification Committee at Canton
President McKinley Mate a Ringing Speech in
Which He Sets Forth in No Uncertain Words
the Policu of the United States,
The President seemed at his best. He
was in good voice and spirits. His ap
pearance indicated the twrt of health and
his \*olee rang out loud and clear, reach-
Ing' the outskirts of the crowd which sur
rounded the house end extended over the
lawn across the street, he speaking from
the eame place where he received the for
mal notification four years ago.
While the speech of the President closed
the formal notification, other I speakers
were called for. Senator Fairbanks of In
diana: Senator Hanna, chairman of the
National Committee; Charles E. Smith.
Postmaster Owners!; Colonel Samuel Par
ker of Hawaii and Senator Lodge were
heard. These speakers, with the excep
tion of Colcnel ¦ Parker, who was called
out of compliment to the Pacific islands,'
took occasion to refer to the recent action
of the Democratic National Convention
The President at His Best.
When he asked "Shall we go back to
the ttriff of four years ago?" there were
shouts of "No, no," from every part of
the audience. Another prolonged cheer
greeted his words relative to the main
tenance of our authority Jn the Philip
pines. With the keenest interest- every
body followed the portion of the speech
relating to the new possessions, and there
was a mos-t impressive shout when he de
clared there fhonSd be continued legisla
tive control over the territory possessed
by the United States, and another out
burst when he said that such authority
would be coupled with "liberty and hu
manity." His declaration that the United
States had reclaimed "10.000.000 human be
ings from imperialism" made a decided
impression.
Th!s caused a gTeat deal of discuF?!on
during the conferences following the for
mal ppeech-malcine and the impression
created was that these utterances were a
notification to the world that the United
States intended to preserve all its rights
in China. The most impressive parts of
the President's speech were his reference
to the maintenance of the geld standard
nnd the financial public faith; the preser
vation of a protective tariff, the enlarge
ment of our market, and especially tho
phrase "Prosperity at home and prestige
abroad."
CANTON. Ohio. July 12.— William Mc-
Kinl- y was to-day officially notified
of his second nomination by the Re
publican party for the highest office
in tho gift of the republic. There
v.?« enthusiasm and to spare, and to many
of the pointed utterances of both Senator
Jx>dge and ;he President there was hearty
and cordial approval shown. Important
features of the speech of notification by
Senator Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachu^
fctts and the response by President M^^
Klnl»".v were the references to the Chinese
situation.
The ' Booming" of Guns.
-' At 11:05 o'clock the, booming of. guns an
nounced the arrival of the notification
committee at the station. The members
Immediately entered carriages and with
Chairman Lodge and the members of the
notification committee, together with
Chairman Hanna and members of the Na
tional Committee, arrived on a special
train from Cleveland at 11 o'clock. They
were met at the station by a citizens'
committee in charge of arrangements,
v.-ith a band of music, and escorted, to the
home of President McKinley. Several flags
had been flung to the breeze in the early
morning and the streets through which
the procession moved had some indica
tions of a celebration. The various or
ganizations and clubs as they marched to
the President's home were grouped about
the place within seeing and hearing dis
tance of the ceremonies.
Some time before the arrival of the no
tification party President McKinley went
out into the yard and inspected and ap
proved the arrangements. The President
wore a white Kedora hat, a broad expanss
of white vest and a sack coat, of very
drmocratic appearance. He greeted the
different arrivals in a most cordial and
friendly manner. A large ' space in the
front yard was roped off and filled with
chairs for the notification party and dls
tinguirhed guests. Tables were also pro
vided for the press. Outside the roped
space numerous photographic outfits
were set up and trained on the point
where the, speaking was to take, place. :
Arrival of the Committee.
Postmaster Oeneral Smith warned his
hearers that Democratic success would
oisarrange the business interests of the
country. „ .
The features of the second speech of
Senator Lodge were his resentment of
criticisms of President McKinley by his
opponents and his pointing out the dif
flcultv Mr. Bryan would have in select
ing a" cabinet from the men prominent in
the conventions at Kansas City and Sioux
The weather was perfect. The notifica
tion committee and party came from
Cleveland on a special train, making the
run In one hour and twenty-five minutes.
Thpy were met at the station and escort
ed in carriages to the home of President
McKlnley. . • _, ,
The Tippecanoe Club of Cleveland was
"-iven the place of honor next to tho band
with which the Canton citizens welcomed
the dplegation. Decorations were not
plentiful, but the American flag floated
from many business houses and residences
alone the" route of the procession.
in Kanf=aF City. It was evident that Sena
tor Fairbanks intended to make th<;
money question the dominant issue of the
campaign, denying that with 16 to 1 in
thPir platform the Democrats could make
imperialism the leading issue.
Senator Hanna adjured Republican
voter? to remember the importance of the
This closed the speech making and trie
notification party went to luncheon in the
big tent.
After luncheon the party leaders went
Into the house. There will be a number
of informal conferences, but the time waa
devoted almost wholly to giving the vis
itors an opportunity to become personally
acquainted with the President. Whit*
there waa a considerable discussion of
politics and further policies, this was con
fined largely to the members of the Na
tional Committee. The large crowds still
lingered about the President's home and
the bands enlivened the scene from timo
Luncheon in a Bis: Tent.
Colonel Samuel Parker of Hawaii ex
plained how politics were run in the Pa
cific islands. He said he was not a
speaker but a rancher or a cowbov H»*
supposed one reason Governor Roosevelt
was so popular was because he was a
cowboy. This was the first mention of
Roosevelt's name and it created applause*.
He said they had a Democratic party in
Hawaii, also an Ice trust. Thev wer;>
glad to be admitted as a State, He hnrl
some colleagues who wanted to crnns
back here when the Senators were elected.
He said he had heard a great deal about
imperialism, but when he came to Canton
yesterday he was admitted without wait
ing a minute. When he was a Cabinet
officer of the late Queen Lillunkala.nl of
Hawaii, one would have to wait a week
to see her. He was glad that kind of im
perialism was over in Hawaii.
In response to renewed calls for Hanna
the national chairman appeared and said
that tho Republican party of Ohio and the
United States expected every man to do
his duty and to do it earnestly. Hanna
caused a laugh when he said tho Republi
can party at Philadelphia had done its
duty, "McKinley kad concluded to accept
and the party must do the rest."
Mr. Hanna was followed by Charles
Emory Smith, Postmaster General, who
said that It was evident that this gather,
ing was entirely satisfied with the candi
date and the national chairman. He went
on to say that four years ago the bat
tle lines were drawn as they were to-day.
He snoke sarcastically of the Kansas City
platform, charging it with being full of
Inconsistencies. He concluded with a
high tribute to President McKinley.
Senator Lodge was recalled and paid a
Rowing tribute to President McKinley.
saying ha resented unjust criticisms of
the President during a trying time when
he was doing his full duty. He referred
to Bryan as the nominee of "mixed tick
ets" and said there was no possibility of
Bryan forming a Cabinet, and named the
leaders of the sreneral conventions as ma
terial from which selections -would have
to be made.
Senator Hanna Talks.
When the President closed there were
loud calls for Hanna, but Colonel Grant,
chairman of the local committee, intro
duced Senator Fairbanks of Indiana, who
in a brief address declared that McKinley
would be re-elected. Senator Fairbanks
pledged the vote of Indiana for McKinley.
tory belontfn* to the- United St**** "^ff-oH
the fundamental safeguards of »h«rty. Justice
and personal rights, and are vested with amp«
authority to act "for the highest Interests
of our nation and the people entrusted to i«
care." This doctrine, first proclaimed in l we
cause of freedom, will never be used as ; »
weapon of oppression- I arn glad to be a»
sured by you that what we have done in tne
far East has the approval of the country.
Terrible Crisis in China.
The sadden and terrible crisis in China calls
for the rravest consideration and you wul
not exDect from me now any further «P re »
aion than to say that my best efforts •»**» f£
given to the Immediate purpose of P r °^ c ""£
the lives of our citixens who are In peril, witn
the ultimate object of the P*"**™ * t e _ l "[v
of China, the safeguarding oJ all our "faty
rights and the maintenance of those PrincJP 1 "
of Impartial intercourse to. which the d«WW
world is pledged. I cannot conclude without
congratulating my countrymen upon the strong
national sentiment which finds expression in
every part of our common country and the in
creased respect with which the American name
is greeted throughout the world. We have
been movins in untried paths, but our Jfteps
have been guided by honor and duty. There
will be no turning aside, no wavering, no re
treat. No blow has been ttruck except for
liberty and humanity, and none will be, v\a
will perform without fear every national and
international obligation. The Republican
party was dedicated to freedom forty-four years
ago. It has been the party of liberty an<l
emp-ncipation from that hour; not of profes
sion, but of performance. It broke tne
shackles of four million slaves and made them
free, and to the party of Lincoln has come an
other supreme opportunity which it has brave
ly met in the liberation of 10,000.0<jO of the hu
man family from the yoke of Imperialism. In
Its solution of great problems. In its perform
ance of high duties, it has had the supixirt of
members of ail parties in the past and con
fidently Invokes their co-operation in the fu
ture. Permit me to express. Mr. Chairman.
mv roost sine pro & pi*rcc i&tiori o* 1*1© com pi i~
mentary terms In which you convey the official
notice of my nomination and my thanks to
the members of the committee and to the
great constituency which they represent for
this additional evidence of their favor ar.-i
support.
Contimied on Third Page.
There will be amnesty abroad and liberty,
but no abatement of our rights, no abandon
ment of our duty. There must be no scuttle
policy. We 'will fulfill in the Philippines the
obligations imposed by the triumphs of our
arms and by the treaty of peace, by interna
tional law, by the nation's sense of honor, and.
more than all, by the rights, interests and con
ditions of the Philippine people themselves.
No outside Interference blocks the way to peace
and a stable government. The obstruction
ists are here, not elsewhere. They may post
pone but they cannot defeat the realization
of the high purpose of this nation to restore
order to the islands and to establish a Just
and generous government. In which the inhabi
tants shall have the largest participation of
which they are capable. The organized forces
which have been misled into rebellion have
been dispersed by our faithful soldiers and
Bailors, and the people of the islands, deliver
ed from anarchy, pillage and oppression, recog
nize American sovereignty as the symbol and
pledge of peace. Justice, law, religious free
dom, education, the security of life and prop
erty and the welfare and prosperity of their
reveral communities. We reassert the early
principle of the Republican party, sustained
by unbroken judicial precedents, that the rep
resentatives of the people in Congress assem
bled have full legislative power over terrl-
U"o Abandonment of Duty.
Our platform of 18?€ declared "the Hawaiian
Islands phoulJ be controlled by the United
States and no foreign power should be per
mitted to Interfere with them." This purpose
has been fully accompll?hed by annexation, and
delegates from these beautiful isles, partici
pated in the convention for which you speak
to-day. In th« great conference of nations at
The Hague we reaffirmed before the* world the
Monroe doctrine and our adherence to it and
our determination not to participate In the com
plications cf Europe. We have happjly ended
our European alliance in Samoa, accruing to
ourselves one of the most valuable harbors in
the Pacific Ocean, while the open door in China
gives to us fair and equal competition in the
vast, trade of the Orient. Some things have
happened which were not promised nor even
forefeen. and our purposes In relation to them
must not be left in doubt. A Just war has
been waged for humanity and with it have
come new problems and responsibilities. Spain
has been ejected from the western hetnisphera
and our flag floats over her former territory-
Cub.! has been liberated, and our guarantees to
her people will be sacredly executed. A bene
ficent government has been provided for Porto
Rico. "The Philippines are ours and American
authority must be sujvemo throughout the
archipelago.
Faithful to its pledge in these Internal af
fairs, how has the Government discharged its
international duties?
Xot satisfied with assaulting tn» currency
and credit of the Government, our political ad
versaries condemn the tariff law enacted at the,
extra session of Congress in 1897. known as th9
Dingley act. passed in obedience to the will of
the people, expressed at the election in the
preceding: November, the law which at one*
stimulated our Industries, opened the idle fac
tories and mines and gave to the laborer and to
the farmer returns for their toll and invest
ment. Shall we go back to a tariff which
brings deficiency in our revenues and destruc
tion to our industrial enterprises?
Unfortunately the threat of 1S96 has Just been
rrne-wed by the allied parties without abate
ment or modification. The gold bill has been
denounced and its repeal demanded. The men
ace of 16 to 1. therefore, still hangs over us
with all its dire consequences to credit and
confidence, to business and industry. The ene
mies of sound currency are rallying: their
scattered forces. The people must once more
unite and overcome the advocates of repudia
tion and must not relax their energy until the
battje for public honor and honest money shall
azaln triumph.
A Congress which will sustain, and, If need
be, strengthen the present law, can prevent a
financial catastrophe which every lover of the
republic is interested to avert.
Threat of '96 Renewed.
assault upon It, must and will b« up
held and strengthened. If sufficient revenues
are provided for the support of the Government,
there will be no necessity for borrowing money
and increasing the public debt."
Three and one-half years of legislation and
administration have been concluded since these
words were spoken. Have those to whom was
confided the direction of the Government kept
their pledges? The record is made up. The
people are not unfamiliar with what has been
accomplished. The gold standard has been r«
afflrmed and strengthened. The endless chain
has been broken and the drain upon our gold
reserve no longer fetters us. The credit of th«
country has been advanced to the highest place
among all nations. We are refunding our bond
ed debt bearing 3 and 4 and 5 per cent In
terest at 2 per cent, a lower rate than that of
any other country, and already more than $300,
000,000 have been so funded with a gain to
the Government of many millions of dollars.
Instead of 16 to 1, for which our opponents
contended four years ago. legislation has been
enacted which, while utilizing all forms of our
money, secures one fixed value for every dol
lar and that the best known to the civilized
world. . "
A tariff which protects American labor and
Industry and provides ample revenues has been
written In public law. We have lower Inter
est and higher wages, more money and fewer
mortgages.
The world's , markets have been opened to
American products, which go now where they
have never gone before. "We have passed from
a bond-Issuing to a bond-paying nation; from
a nation of borrowers to a. nation of lenders:
from a deficiency in revenue to a surplus; from
fear to confidence; from enforced Idleness to
profitable employment. The public faith has
been upheld; nubile order has been maintain
ed. We have prosperity at home and prestige
abroad.
Senator. Wolcott Heads the Committee Which Waits
Upon Governor Roosevelt, and in Replying tlie
rT^^fr^JI Next Vice President Says ttie
'.J&kk People Will Uphold the Countm
"PROSPERITY AT HOME AND PRESTIGE ABROAD"
. ., .. ¦ : ... -
THE SAN FR AjKCISQQ; CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900
2
Weak Men and Womeir
fvisir OR- JORDAN'S great
BUSEUB OF AHATOMY
1 Cb ion UAsmsv.ttt £&»?.*. S.7-&.,
k Sff Tne Uurett Anatomical Mtueum In the
1 World. \V eakne*<e« or aiy contracted ,
> IfS? KM di)c«e positively cvredbjriheoklfet
V S2g\A\ SpecitlUtcuthcCout. Eil jSya»f»-
' #¥$'& BR-JORDAH-PRIYATE DISEASES.
!> ff^SM&S- Co.iMi«!3tk>n frm end strictly privitff
9 1 EVVfij 'ftotment personally or by Vtter. Ai
[ I y XI B ftMtt Cto»tn«¥etyeascumleruUen.
Brff 11* Write fef Book. MHI.OSOF"*//:
Ml i :**nniA«K. mailed prbb. iA'
\ (i }y »»lu«bls boo!: for on) i
' On. JJOBDAN*CO..ro51MarfcetSt.,S.l£-
'"DB-PIERCE'S
MEDICAL .
FOR TSIE ,_,»>
pi nnn.L9VER.3.UflGSy
To-day and for two or three days unless sooner sold we shall
offer the best dollar bargains ever heard of in town. We want to sell ths
goods, we want to keep our folks busy this quiet month; we want to
please our patrons; we want money. Bead the list; it means money in
your pocket.
BIG DOLLAR LIST. BIG DOLLAR LIST.
50 doz. Buttons, assorted, family use Sl.OO u is o Packages Hecker"» Farina ft.«»O
1 Boy's Suit, 4, 6, 6, 7 years 8 Jars Home-made Jelly or Jam..... *1.ih»
12 Men's and Boys* Hats and Caps 91.00 « Packs Compressed Mincemeat ft. no
k v ,,*w ti so tv a «h vmh si* *1 OO 12 Cans High Qndc Pie Fruit lU.OO
5 Youths Sl.BO \\ash Vests. 33s f l.OO 12 CaM M £ ine p&ck gu Corn J 1#o< ,
:0 pairs Men's half hose, common SJ1.OO 12 Brushes, assorted, for family use *1.O«»
12 pairs Men's Half Hose, assorted. Kood.91.OO 5 Large Cans Pie Fruit, assorted Hl.OO
8 25-cent Neckties and Bows ?1.OO 7 Papers Hill's Imported Maajoca #1.00
10 yards -....JUjO « g^a^SM^S^Sg
1 fine, large "White Bedspread SMcI « C«n» Assorted Vegetables, no 2 alike.. $1.00
1 good Colored Bedspread $LOO
1 pair Blankets, white or colored $1.OO 7 yards Heavy Gray or BroTrn Jean 2, JJ,:
40 Sheets White and Colored Waddln?.... 91.00 1 pr Ladles' W^^SffiS^fcSKmlJl^O
1 pair IS Fur Pants. Nome *1.OO lg %^£«S*&2?*J!*£ taSBioO
1 S3.00 Sheep Pelt Lined Jacket fl.OO J ?,„ o a '«- £ V«. »°» ° r hi « h - n -°'> „.»
3 Fur Lined Sleeping Hoods S l.OO grade ..'...."•' y-V"; $« net
1 |3 Cork Life Preserver *1.OO 1 pr Red Top Boots. *£*«*£ 9 %\']^\
12 Wood Chair Seats, assorted 91.0O %»Sho M trins«. rtort : anrt "£-- •;•;;;;; $,;,„, .
1 Man's Smoking Jacket *l.OO fJ^gJ^j££*Zmjg. 3^-*}.J^
4 pairs Men's Working Gloves 91.OO 10 little tie Night Lamps, assorted JJ- ««»
1 Lady's Combination Suit, wool fl.00 4 Painted Chamber Kettles.." 5^^
2 Ladles' or Girls' Combination Suits.... 91.00 1 Complete OtitfU « *£*|'™;; a to 'i.'.". $1.00
12 Felt and Straw Hats. Girls. Women. .$1.00 12 rr9 °' S- RutlDer _ ..-'
12 pairs Ladles' Hose, assorted colors 8 l.OO tF\ /T3 j£3 J^t^sWS 553 S3 >^n^^^
1 United States Flag, 4 feet Ion* Sftc fi S3 »* •* —
25 Regular Photograph Envelopes «r.e __ _. / -^ n a <O E£3 <T^ f^ fiT
6 Rulod Tablets, note size. Rood iSSp (T* U\ «Sfk fU! J3> 1^ iLf t*^L UU
1 Little Boy's 50-cent Drum SKIS V«B^ ¦ B
1 pair Baby Shoes. 1 to 4 -5c ... be K i a(J to know that this old
10 Spools Buttonhole Twist, assorted ~'»c Our readers wi u u • n , b!ast undeP
12 Spools Manufacturer's Cotton, black.... 'Me rr liable house is ¦ Smith9 . send for fre*
3 Small Handle Baskets 2.">c the »»Mpnimt J 1 w number. 25 and
5 SB?. $B ilM -"" ** iy.aa.'J-a.'-gU.^.^Important Decision Announced by
Commissioner General Herr
mann of the Land Office.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— In a decision
announced to-day Commissioner General
Herrmann of the General Land Office
holds that the general appropriation for
surveying public lands does not In any
sense appy to public lands In Porto Rico.
The question, on account of its Impor
tance to the statutes of that Island, has
attracted considerable attention and was
referred to the Interior Department by
the Secretary of State.
Commissioner Herrmann decided that
as there exists r.o United States law pro
viding for the survey, and disposal of
Porto Rican lands, which under the ces
sion of Spain inure to our Government, "It
would appear that Congressional legisla
tion will be necessary before any action
be taken."
?
OPEIONG OF CYCLING RACES.
Prominent Riders Absent From the
Grand Circuit Meeting.
MILWAtTKKE, July 12.-Two thousand
persons witnessed the opening programme
of the gr # and circuit races of the National
Cycling Association, which were run in
connection with the League of American
Wheelmen at the Exposition building to
n'.ght. The difficulty concerning the track
was bridged over, and the sport, though
marred somewhat by the absence of sev
eral of the star riders. Including Cooper
and Taylor, was enjoyed by the crowd
The prettiest race of the night was the
mile I. C. U. amateur, which was won by
J. H. Lake of Port Richmond in 2:09 l-£
George li. Leander of Chicago came in
second, six Inches behind. Lake, by win
nine this race, is entitled to ride at the
Paris races.
The next best race was the two-mile
national championship, professional.which
Fisher of Chicago w<jn easily In 4:14 1-5
Jimmy Bowler of Chicago carried off the
honors in the mile professional, 2:15 class
and r.ottolfson of Milwaukee took the
mile novice. Results: .
Mile novlce^-Winiarn P. Bottolfgon, Milwau
kee, first: Georee I*. Gill, Preatonlca. in
second; W. J. Harper, Milwaukee, third. TSrne'
2:31 :-i>. ' . * -
Two mile national championship, professional
— J. T. Fisher. phteagOL first; Al New-house,
nuffa'.o, second; \V. A. IJutz, Xew Haven,
Conn., third. Time, 4:H 1-3.
One mile. I. C. L\. amateur— J. II. J^ke.
Pert lUchmond, tlrst; G. U. Lennder, Chicago
second; >V, C. Roder, Chicago, third. Time
2:0:« 1-3. •
One mile. 5:13 profesnional— Jimmy Bowler
Chicago, firnt; Jed N'ewklrk. Chicago, second-
Oharles Pease, IndlanappMs. third. Time,
2:?C 3-5.
Institute Offer Withdrawn.
PARIS. July 12.— The Municipal Council
to-day annulled the action of the council
last year in voting to grant gratuitously
a site worth 400,000 francs for an Ameri
can National Institute on the ground that
such a gift would be antagonistic to the
interests of French artists.
.Senator Wolcott Pays a Hiob
Tribute to the Public and
Private Career of
the Governor.
OYSTER BAY, I,. I.. July 12— On the
breeze-swept veranda of Sagamore,
his country home. Governor Roose
velt to-dey was officially notified of
his nomination /Tor Vice President
on the Republican national ticket. The
ceremony was so simple as to be almost
informal. Surrounded by the members of
the committee on notification and a little
party of invited guests. Mrs. Roo'sevelt and
the rest of the Governor's family. Gov
ernor Roosevelt listened to the address
of notification by Senator Wolcott of Col
orado, chairman of the committee. There
was no attempt at ceremony. The party
Fimply rang-ed themselves about the wide
verandas, ¦which command a magnificent
view of I-Gn£ Island Sound, and Senator
Woleott, apparently without vreliminariea
t>f any kind, delivered a short address. To
this the Governor responded briefly and
then luncheon was served. An hour was
spent in general converpation on the cool
porches and then the party returned to
Oyster Bay, where a special train was
ncaitir.g to convey them back to New
York.
Member? of the notification committee
present were: P^-nator Wolcott of Colo
rado, chairman : J. B. Thompson. Colo
rado; A. J. Sloper, Connecticut; Alvin D.
Conner, Delaware; C. S. Hernley. Indiana;
J. J. Marshal. Iowa: J. T. Bradley, Kan
eas; Albert 1'iercei Maine; Alexander Lav
<rty, Nebraska; Albert Wallace. New
Hampshire; F. V. Greene, New York; T.
B Koilins. North Carolina; G. C. Rawlins.
Ohio; J. II. Murdoch. Pennsylvania: I>. B.
Uarllng. Rhode Island: Kmil Brausch,
South Dakota; C. G. Smiihers, Virginia;
James Reynolds, Wisconsin; John E.
Jones. District of Columbia; W. L. Mc
¦U'illiarns. Indian Territory: John S. Long.
Florida; O. C. Strong. Oklahoma.
Among the Invited guest? who accompa
nied the committee were: William Barnes
j r l)ouplas Robinson. F. W. Hoilis.
<"o":onel John II. PartridRe. W. A. Wadp
vorth and Stat-; Senator T. K. Ellsworth.
Thr-re was a miscellaneous collection of
vehicles drawn op at the Ftntion when the
train drfw in. ranpln^ frcm single-seated
;,UKgies to big carryalls?. The committee
men and guests had a good-natured scram
ble for peat?, and the lcnp line of turnouts
etarted on a brisk trot over the thre> mlU-s
of dusty roads to Sagamore. It was noon
¦when the party arrived at its destination.
Reception at Sagamore.
Governor Roosevelt received them on the
wide vine— covered porch of Sapamore.
Standing on th»- lower step, he grasped
the hand of each gentUman as he alipht
t-d and then presented each to Mrs.
BooMvdt. who stood on thf veranda bf
hind him. Af th<* straisgllnr procession
w*M ratter slow in arriving, the early ar
rivals dispersed about the breezy veran
das arxi lawn and chatted Informally be
fore th* 1 formal ceremony of notification
Shortly after 1? o'clock Senator Wolcott
railed the committee to the porch. There,
to the cool fhad* 1 cf the awnings and
v'.r.ft. tu r»-ad the formal notification In
Ms clear and resonant voice. It was as
followe:
Governor Roorevelt: The pleasant duty de
volves ujxjn ihls committee, appointed by the
National Heputlican Convention ami reprwent
lnB every fctat" in the I,'njon. to make known
cSiclally to you the cctlon of the convention
*r.d to hand you a copy of the platform it
¦ dcjvted, rfblfh embodies the principles of the
l«rty. The representatives of the Republican
j.trty. Jn convention assembled, unanimously
end Fpontaiwou«;y pelected you as the can
didate for the high ami dignified oflice of Vice
J'reFident of the I'ntted States. You were so
selected through no irfafe of yoflr own. but be
<aus» the convention beUrrra that you. among
all the Republican* fn the land, weia best
fitted and lidaptel to be the BM'jclate of cur
J're-flilent la th»- inij>cr;ani and stirring catn
; ;:it-:: upon »)ijr»i ««• are entering.
The convention realized that you were needed
in the grr-at Empire t-"tate, whose exef-utU'e
you are now. and whose j>eople would delight
to etlll further honor you. but it was believed
that your path of duty In tbe future lay In a
field of national u*elulnc«s.
You are s-tl!l a young man. as years are
counted; hut the country knows more of you
than of rnoft of its citizens. You were iden
tified, ar.d will ever be ahaociatrd wlih. those
*>fTorte toward reform in the civil service which
rommand the aprroval of Intelligent men' of
all politi^l r artiHS - Your stirring love of ad
venture has made you a more familiar figure
In Western oarr-p* and en W^t-tern plains than
ft} the avenues of your native city. Your sterl
li-4f Americanism hes Ic-d v..u to the mastery
t,t <mr earlier history, r.r.d you have told u>
,1 the winning <>f the TAofit with a charm and
ft rplrit that have made us all better lovers
,^f "ur country; while your tales of Western
hunting and adventure have flll"d the breast
t,t every lad iri the laml with envy and emu
lation, and whatever dcubts taay have existed j
FORMAL NOTICE
TO ROOSEVELT
Officially Informed of His
Nomination-
to time by playing patriotic airs as the
afternoon wore on. When there was no
more prospect of speech making the
crowds dispersed.
At 4:40 the last of the Cleveland party,
Includinc Senator Hanna, Mr. Bliss, Mr.
I*ayne «ind others, left the McKinley resi
dence to take a train for home. Presi
dent McKinley accompanied these to their
carriapes and' bade them pood-by.
The people who still lingered about the
premises cheered the President. He re
turned to the" house and the notification
ceremonies were over.
in the past, now that you are our candidate,
they will be believed to be true by every good
Republican.
Roosevelt's Record.
There is no man whose privilege it was to
know you and to associate with you while you
were the Assi«»ant Secretary of t' n e Navy un
der President MoKinley'g appointment who is
not eager to testify to the great ability and
fidelity which cl#iracterized your Incumbency
of thiit oiSee. Of your services to our country
during the late war with Spain it Is net nrcpf
rary for me to pjieak. Your name will ever
be Identified with the heroic achievement* or
our army, and your warmest friends and most
devoted admirers are tf.e eallant band ot
IJoujjb nilers whom you le'1 to vlctory-
This bright and fldriOOM record, however, did
not lea i tint great convention nt rhilailelphiu
to insist ujv>n you as its candidate, although
it tills with pride the heart of every true
American. The Republican party has chosen
you tre'-ause from your earliest manhood until
to-day, in whatever post you have been called
upon to fill, and notably during your two years
of Otendid service as chief executive of the
State of New York, you have everywhere and
at all tim*s Mood for that which was clean
and uplifting and as;i!r.et everything that was
sordid ar.d bi-.*e.
\ou have ehown the people of this coun
try that a political career ar.d good citizenship
may po hand in hand «nd that devotion to pub
lic welfare is consistent with party member-
Fhip anj party organization. There is not a
young man in the fnite.l Ftate« who has not
found in your life and Influence an Incentive to
better thlrgs and hirher ideals.
With President ilcKinley you will lead our
tliket to victory, for you both have been tested,
un.l In your honor, ynur patriotism and your
<i\lc virtues the American people have pride
an 1 confidence.
Senator YVolcott's address was frequent
ly applauded, his reference to Governor
Roosevelt's hurting stories evoking a
hearty laugh. When he stepped, forward
he stood in a ciear space on the crowded
porvh. facing the doorway of a reception
room, in front of. which the Governor
stood in erect military attitude. To the
left were a number of ladles and other
guests, Mrs. Roosevelt and the three
Roosevelt children.
Speech of Acceptance.
When Senator "Wolcott concluded Gov
ernor Roos=evelt stepped a pace forward
and replied. Ills voice was clear and firm,
and as he proceeded there were several
Interruptions of applause. He said:
Sir. Chairman: I accent the honor conferred
upon me; with the keenest an.! detest appre
ciation of what it means, and. above alt, of
the r-e=pons!bilitr that goes with it. Every
thing that Is in my i>ower to do will be done
to «;-cure the re-election of President McKln
l*"y, to whom it has been given In this crisis
of the rational history to stand for and em
body the principles which ile closest to the
heart of every American worthy the name.
This Is very much m<-Te than a mere party
contest. A\> stand at the parting of the way?,
and the people have now to decide whether
they shall go forward alonj» the paih of pres
|.erlty and high honor abroad, or whether they
wlll turn their backs upon what hae been
done during the past three years;- whether
they will plunge this country into an aby.->s
of misery and disaster or. what is wurt>e than
even misery and disaster, shame.
I feel that \r» have a right to appeal not
ir.TWy to Rej-.ublioans, but to all boo>1 citizens',
no matter what may have been their party
affiliations in tho i>a«t, and to a*k thorn, on
the ftr»nfcth of the record that I'res-Ident Mc-
Kinley has made during the past three years.
an-1 on the Firen&th of the threat Implied In
what was (lore in K'ar.r.is City a few days
350, to stand Ehoulder to fhouldcr with us
In perpetuating- the conditions under which we
have reached a decree of, prosperity never be
fore attained in the natfon's history, and im-
C*r which abroad we have put the American
fiai? en a level whore it never before In the
history of the country has been placed. For
these reason* I feel we have a right to look
forward with confident expectation to what
the verdict of the people will be next Novem
ber, ar.d to ask all men to whem the well
belnK of the country and the honor of the
national name are dear to stand with tis as
cf the flag abroad.
A round of applause broke out as the
Governor concluded, but he checked it in
stantly by saying: "Gentlemen, one me
ment. please. Here, Xed," he cried to
Senator Wuleott, *-»this Is not to the Na
tional Committee, but I want to s« r # - this
to my friends— friends of my own State—
who are here. Just let me pay how I ap
preciate seeing so many of you here to
day. I want to say I am more than
honored and pleased at having been made
a candidate for Vice President on the na
tional ilcket, but you cannot imagine how
badly. I feel at leaving the men with
whom I have endeavored and worked for
civic decency and righteousness and hon
esty in New York."
This little postr-rlpt to his formal speech
was heartily applauded, and the Governor
remarked:
'I nhall ask you gentlemen please to
stf p this v.ay. as some misguided photo
graphers wish to take our pictures. '
The crowd followed him to the east ve
randa, where the photographs were taken.
Refreshments were then served on the
perches and In the dining-room, and a half
hour of general conversation followed.
At 1:15 p. m. the party loft and starto.l
on the return drive to Oyster Bay, where
the special train awaited them.
On reaching the railway station the fol
lowing telegram was sent to President
McKinley:
The members cf the committee appointed to
notify Governor Roosev»!t of his nomination
to the Vice Presidency have fulfilled that pleas
ant duty and join In this i!i»*sisf of con
gratulation and gooil will.
EDWAHD O. WOLCOTT.
Continued from Second Page.
"PROSPERITY AT HOME
AND PRESTIGE ABROAD"
be made the occasion of a large popular
demonstration, somewhat similar to that
at Madison Square Garden, New York,
four years ago.
Fusion in South Dakota.
YANKTON, S. D., July 12.— Both the
Democratic and Populist conventtons re
convened this afternoon to receive the re
port of the conference committee. After
a heated discussion a substitute for the
report of the committee was adopted and
the committees in each case were Instruct
ed to confer again under Instructions from
the convention.
Late this afternoon the conference com
mittees finally agreed upon a substitute.
The Democratic convention then marched
Into the Populist tent amid great enthusi
asm/
Joseph B. Moore and Andrew E. Lee
were nominated for Congress. B. H. Lien
of Sioux Kails ¦was nominated for Gover
nor. Lewis N. Crill was selected for chair
man of the State Central Committee.
Washington Convention.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 12.— At a meet
ing of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, held In this city to-day, It was
decided to hold the nominating conven
tion In Tacoma on August 15.
UNITED STATES SENATOR A.
G. FOSTER.
present at the Philadelphia convention
and as a result of my observations have
but one conclusion .and that Is that our
party will be victorious in this campaign.
There was never any question as to the
Anti-Imperialists Active.
WASHINGTON. July 12.-The Antl-Irn
perialist League of the city of Washington
to-nie:ht adopted a resolution recommend
ing that an anti-imperialist conference be
held at a time and place suitable to the
executive committee to determine the
stand that will be taken by the anti-im
perialists throughout the country. The
resolutions recommend that the confer
ence be attended by delegates represent
ing the anti-imperialistic leagues through
out the country-
REPUBLICANS OF WEST
VIRGINIA SELECT TICKET
Albert B. White Named for Governor
Without Opposition, but Other
Places Engender Contests.
CHARLESTON. W. Va.. July 12— The
Rep-bll^an State convention adjourned
to-night after nominating the following
ticket: Governor. Albert D. Whit-*: Aud
itor, Arnold C. Scherr: Treasurer. Peter
Sllman; Attorney General, Rome IL
Freer: Superintendent of School?, Thomas
C. Miller: Supreme Judges. Henry Eran
non and George Poffpnbarger: electors at
large. Benson B. McMakSn and J. B.
Lewis.
Whit© was nominated for Governor
without opposition. The contests for other
places an the State ticket were unusually
spirited and continued until the close of
the convention. There were 1045 delegates
and an unlimited number ot workers for
the different candidates.
Senator Eikins was accorded an ova
tion by the convention, over which b.9
presided as temporary chairman.
HON. M. M. F.STEE, Judge of the
United States District Court of
Hawaii has appointed as clerk of
his court Walter B. Mailing of
Portland, Me. In this award of
official patronage the great State of
Maine is recognized and a tribute Is like
wise paid to the Perkins family, as Mr.
Mailing is permitted by the rights of kin
ship to call our genial and senior Sena
tor "Uncle George."
Senator Perkins' nephew, whose quali
fications for tha clerkship were discovered
by Judge Estee before a day was desig
nated for opening the Federal court in
Hawaii, is sojourning In San Francisco.
He is employing his leisure time, prior to
the sailing of the ship for Honolulu, In
taking notes of clerical work In the court
of Hon. W. W. Morrow. United States
Circuit Judge.
Perhaps some Californians who were
looking ahead for a good time on a good
salary In Hawaii will be disappointed
when they hear of Mr. Mailing's ap
pointment, but the depression here will be
counterbalanced by the elation in Maine.
The truth should not be overlooked that
the State of Maine is an old contributor
to the greatness of California. Two Gov
ernors, for example— Frederick Low and
George C. Perkins— hailed from Maine. It
would be churlish, therefore, to make any
faces because Hawaii Is to get something
from the Pine Tree State.
Miss Ryan, who Is connected with the
law office of Judge Estee In this city, is
booked to sail for Honolulu. She w!I! re
ceive the appointment cf secretary of the
I"ni!»<i States court tn Hawaii. Mr.
Reynolds, a stenographer In Judp:? Kstee'B
office here, is slated for tha position of
court stenographer In Honolulu.
«y=r? LLEN G. FOSTER, the new United
// \\ States Senator from the State of
Jl — v Washington, arrived from Tacoma
yesterday afternoon and is at
the Palace, temporarily, en route to Jms
Angeles. Mr. Foster is the type of man
one would expect to see In such an of
fice. He is an immense man in physique
and has a broad, handsome, honest face
that is pleasant to look upon. The Wash
ington Senator is quite well satisfied with
the political situation and has no shadow
of a doubt that McKinley and Roosevelt
will be elected.
"So far as the Northwest and. In fact,
the entire coast States, are concerned."
said he, "there is no question as to the
outcome. The Republicans will win in
good form. There is no section of tha
country that has made more progress in
the line of prosperity than this coast
in the past six months and under prevail
ing conditions we have only entered upon
the era of good times.
"Up in our end of the country every
body is making money ?nd the people are
naturaJly satisfied with the situation.
When one considers the remarkable
change that has taken place In the North
west within the past two years it is easy
to understand why there should be no de
sire for a chang-e or administration and
Bryanism.
"All this cry of anti-imperialism and
anti-everything else Is insincere and the
platform that was adopted at Kansas
City, after so much bickering, is antag
onistic to e:ood business and good govern
ment. Therefore the people of the United
States cannot afford to indorse It. I was
nomination of Roosevelt, but It was neces
sary as a return to the people of the
Quaker City to prolong the. convention
Eeveral days.
"When 1 saw these hundreds of, repre
sentative men from every section of. the
country determined upon the selection of
Roosevelt as the Vice Presidential candi
date when they knew that he was a pro
nounced expansionist 1 could not but feel
convinced that the Republican partv was
thoroughly satisfied with the policy of
President McKinley. Oregon has set the
pace at a rate that calls for admiration
and when we people of the north go to the
polls this fall we will make a showing
that Republicans can be proud of. 1 vrant«
to tell the people of California that their
delegation in Congress is one of the hard
est working combinations in the capital.
In fact, there Is not a more harmonious
delegation and more good things can be
expected of them in the next session."
Senator Foster was reared on a farm In
the Western States, but is a natlva of
Massachusetts. He is a shrewd business
man and through his abilities has accu
mulated a large fortune.
This Coast Will Vote Solidly for McKinley and
Roosevelt^-The Northwest Is' Contented and
Prosperous and Wants No Bryanism. •_ :
LINCOLN*. Xeb.. July 12.— The Ne
braska fus!or.ists in State conven
tions, beginning at 3 o'ekick yester
day afternoon, completed their work
at 5:20 o'clock this evening after an
elmept continuous session.
The ticket is as follows :
Governor— William A. Pcmter, Boone County
Ueutens.r.t Gowmor-K. A. Gilbert, Tcrk
Souatr, Silver Republican.
Treasurer— S. Ii. Howard, Holt Countv
1 -r-l:rt.
Attorney General— Willis D. Oldhem Buffalo
¦fjr.ty, 2>emncrat.
Auditor— JL S. Ore'.Es. Cl«y County. Populist.
X,and Corr.r^ifrfcner— P. J. Carev. Saund*rs
Sonntjr, PoMilist.
The three State Central Committees, to
whom had been delegated the selection of
electors, reported the follow
r.g before the convention adjourned, and
heir action was ratified:
Frank Ranson. J. H. Felber. TV. A. Gar
-ett. "W. G. Swan. Peter Ebberson, Robert
Dberfeider, L. M. Wente and J. Hughes.
The conventions -were the most remark
ible since fusion became a factor in Ne
braska politics. National politics were In
iectcd into the proceedings and at one
:me threatened a split between the Demo
crats and Populists. The question was
iver the indorsement of Stevenson for
I'iee President by the Populists, purely a
¦entimental one. but it provoked a storm
n that convention which practically
j'.ocked all business from 11 o clock last
night up to the time a recess was taken
at 5 o'clock this morning.
The excitement developed by the dispute
over the apportionment of State offices
cmor.g the three parties was heightened
by the springing of the Vice Presidential
question, and it reached the climax nt 4
o'clock this morning, when M. F. Har
rington, one of the leading Populists of
the \V«*t. warned the convention that it
would wreck the party if they indorsed
the withdrawal of Towne from the ticket
and conceded to the Democratic demands.
Mr. Harrington asserted that the way to
Increase the mkldle-nf-the-road movement
was to throw Towne over and put in his
place one who had never been in sympa
thy with the Populists. He said Towne's
withdrawal would lose North Dakota,
South Dakota and Kansas, and the fuslon
ists would have to light for their lives in
Nebraska.
J. H. Edmlf=ton. chairman of the Popu
list State Central Committee and vice
chairman of the National Committee, was
even more radical. He declared that If the
Populists did not stand thoir ground and
hold their place on the national ticket and
insist on the bulk of the State officers they
could never hold another national conven
tion.
Just at a time when the sentiment
seemed strong for breaking away from all
alliances a motion to take a recess pre
vailed. The Democrats adjourned at the
same time and the leaders got together
for conference, with the result that the
Democrats yielded everything except one
jflice on the State ticket and divided with
the Populists and Free Silver Republicans
the fieht Presidential Electors.
Split Nearly Occurs, but Demo
crats Concede Everything
to Keep the Peace.
BIG ROW AMONG
THE FUSIONISTS
Walter B. Mailing of Maine Ap
pointed Clerk of the New U. S.
District Court of Hawaii.
PERKINS' NEPHEW
IS NICELY FIXED
SENATOR ALLEN G. FOSTER
SAYS REPUBLICANS WILL WIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
Occasion Will Be Made a Great Politi
cal Demonstration by the
Party.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— William Jen
nings Bryan and Adlai E. Stevenson will
be formally, notified ot their selection as
the Presidential and Vice Presidential
nominees of the Democratic party on
Wednesday. August s, at Indianapolis,
Ind. Information to this effect was re
ceived by Representative Klchardson of
Tennessee, chairman of the Democratic
Congressional Campaign .Committee, to
day from Senator Jones, the national
ehajrman. Mr. Richardson will make the
speech of notification to Mr. Bryan and
Governor Charles S. Thomas of Colorado
that notifying Mr. Stevenson.
It Is expected that the notification will
BRYAN AND STEVENSON TO BE
NOTIFIED AT INDIANAPOLIS
ELKS CHOOSE MILWAUKEE
AS NEXT MEETING PLACE
Eeports Presented Showing ths
Giovrth of the Order During
the Past Year.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., July 12.— The
next meeting of the Grand Lodge of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Klks
¦will be held at Milwaukee. The session
to-day was devoted to discussions of
changes of the by-laws.
The reports presented show that there
are now 001 lodges in as many cities In the
Union. These have an aggregate member
ship of "O.OoO. Jn tile past nve years the
membership has doubled. During the past
year the order expended $34,000 In charity,
and since the Institution of the lirst lodjse
it has expended for that purpose $o95,00t).
The amount of cash -in the treasuries of
the subordinate lodges amounts in the
aggregate to $300,000, and the property
owned by the lodges outside of cash is
•worth $1,500,000.
The ten largest lodges of the order are:
New York, with a membership of 899;
Grand Rapids. 774: Detroit. 773: Louisville,
676: Baltimore. 661: Jackson. Mich., 645:
Minneapolis, 60S; Cincinnati, 632; Alle
gheny, 695, and Chicago. 559.
During the pa?t year, while the great
strength of the order Is (n the East, where
it originated, there has been a remarkable
advance in the "West, notably in Califor
nia, where six lodges -were instituted,
there being now fifteen in that State.
The Californians in attendance »n the
Grand Lodge are: H. S. Manning and J.
O. Reis of San Francisc<">, Thomas J. Dar
mtidy nn«J W. F. Kennedy of Los Angeles,
C. Fred Hentlng of Pan Diego, George W.
Kred and George de Golia of Oakland,
Henry K. Hoff of San Luis Obisno. Park
Henshaw of Chico, II. L. Hall of Fresno,
E. M. Preston of Nevada City. Jackson
Hatch of San Jose, John F. Kidder of
Grass Valley, George W. Jackson and F.
L. Gray of Sacramento. Frank K. Devlin
of Vallejo and F. P. Meserve of Redlands.
NO APPROPRIATION FOR
PORTO RICAN SURVEYS
3
iff Now is- the time and the • mm
t| opportunity to buy whatever ii
j|j yoii need in clothes, hats or mm
ijj furnishings at about one= H
|| half what you are used to §§
M paying <& <& <g l S
||J Blue serge suits which sold for fig
l4l $ i2«5O and s i5.oo are now reduced H
jp| to $ 6.85. >j£ <& <& Cheviot suits " SB
p| which were $ i5.oo are now selling 19
li| for $ 7.oo. d* Big reductions jffl
||| Hadn't you better buy when you 9M
||| can save so much ? *& *& *& <£ Mm
p| Look at our windows anyway. <& piSomewhat Handicapped by Differ
ences in Conditions and the
Systems in Vogue.
PARIS. July 12.— The thirty-five Ameri
can athletes who will compete on Satur
day for the amateur championships of the
world. In connection with the exposition,
tinlt-hed training this evening a.nd will
Rd to-morrow.
The Princeton men were the first on the
f.eld, golr.g out early this morning. They
teemed to be In the best of eplrltp and
condition and practiced very hard. The
Michigan men spent the day upon the
grounds, taking light exercise early in the
momiriF and again In the afternoon. The
Pennsylvanians did most of their work
euriy in the day. but the Georgetown
athletes were the last to leave the
grounds.
Duffy of Georgetown University has a
slight cold. He still complains of the sog
gy character of the turf iroing. but all
expect hlrn to win the 100 metres as handi
ly as he did the l'X'-yard dash in England.
Onon of the University of Pennsylvania
fe!: much better after a night's rest and
eppeared to be nearer his usual good
form.
The extreme heat here has done no
harm to the Americana.
Among the runners not a little uneasl
r.c:-s is felt because of the difference of
CMthodj of starting practiced In the
Vr.ited States and France. Every possl
bte means, however, will be taken to se
cure the Americans agalnct a handicap
through a lack of knowledge of rules and
the language In vogue here. The hur
<1!ers. also, f.nd difficulty In gausing the
hurries, which are six inches higher, and
because of the change from cinder to a
turf take-off. Th«* pole vaulters are
troubled by the fact that the French
men. Instead of re*itinpr their poles, whlrh
have an iron spike at the end, In the dirt.
r^?t them on a. raised wooden platform,
and. as the American? are unaccustomed
t'> thlf-- method, they are compelled to rest
th«*ir vaulting sticks upon the ground
which gives them a handicap of six
Inches, as the wooden platform If that
much higher. The broad Jump take-off
ha» an Incline, which is dlpeoncertin* to
the A merles ns. Rul In spite of the situa
tion ell are hopeful, ar.d every one expects
America to carry off the burden of the
prizes, as she did in England.
Vardon Wins at Golf
CHICAGO. July 12.— Harry Vardon. the
EnpMhhir.un. defeated Champion Will
Bmiih in ihelr 3C-hole match at Midlothian
t':-^Jay, four up and two to Rlay. Vardon
led ut the end of the morning's play, three
u|.. The match this afternoon was rin
ifhr-d at the sixteenth hole, but played
out for the medal ec-ore*.
AMERICAN ATHLETES IN
PARIS HOPE TO WIN
HUNTERS ARRESTED. *
W. P. Fuller and J. H. Sterns Killed
a Beer in Lake County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAKEPORT, July \2.— TV. P. Fuller
and J. H. Sterns of San Francisco were
arrested yesterday by D-puty Game
Warden Lee at Gravelly Valley, i.ake
County, in the mountains abou* thirty
fiva miles from Lakeport. for violating
the State game laws. When the game
warden arrived at the hunters* camp he
discovered the carcass of a fine deer
hanging near by. After serving his war
rants the game warden started with
Stems for a magistrate, traveling fortv
fiye miles to Keiseyville. where he had
his prisoner appear before a magistrate's
court.
Fuller was 111 and unablo to make the
trip. The magistrate, after having the
situation explained to him. did not re
quire, the appearance of Fuller, but en
tered a fine of $30 against each of the de
fendants, who pleaded guilty. Mr. Sterns
says the fine imposed he did not object
to. but the ride of {orty-flve miles In one
afternoon on horseback was a fearful
punishment for having shot a deer, the
first and only one he ever killed.
PITCHEHS' BATTLE.
St. Louis and Boston.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Powell and Lewis Do the Work for
Clubs— W. L. Pct.J Clubs— W r. Prf
Brooklyn.... 42 23 .646; Cincinnati. 33 35 A-
Chlcago 36 30 .MojSt. Louis.... SO « '*£¦>
PittBburg... 37 31 .544|Hoston 2* 39 its
Philadelphia 35 32 .S22iN'ew York »l 4J '335
ST. LOUIS. July 11— Powell pitched phenom
enal ball. Lewis also pitched great ball. At
tendance 2100. Score:
Clubs— S, R. H E
St. Louis 2 " 3
Boston 1 2 o
Batteries— Powell and Criger; Lewis and Sul
livan. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI. July 12.-Hahn shut out the
Phillies to-day without a hit. He struck out
eight and allowed but three to reach first
Uemhardt was easy. Attendance 1S0O. Score:
Clubs— r. H E
Cincinnati 4 71
Philadelphia 0 0 i
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Bernhardt and
McFarland. Umpire— Terry.
P1TTSBURG. July 12.— Kitson's fine record
was badly shattered to-day. Eleven hits, two
of them home runs, were made off him. Every
kind of ball known (hard hitting, fast play
stupid play and many errors) was shown in thi
game. Attendance 370O. Scort: -
Clubs— j, it _,
Mttsburg j /?• E :
Brooklyn „ "» g j> i
Batteries-TannehlH and Ztamer; Kennedy.
Kitson and McGuire. Umpire— Swartwood.
American Leagne Games.
DBTRO1T. July 1Z— Detroit, 3; Chicago 1
C *£FFALO. July . I'-Buffalo.' S; Kanlas
M j*DIAXAPOLIS. July 12.-indlana P oIi<i, 3;
CLEVELAND, July 12.— Cleveland, 0; Uinne-
Gives Promise of Being Within the
2:10 Class Before the Hay
Crop Is All Gath
ered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, July 12.— To-day's sport at the
track could be accounted the most suc
cessful of the meet. The crowd was a
large and enthusiastic one, the racing
passed off without hitch or accident of
any sort, while favorites in the betting
swept everything before them.
Dolllo Dillon; the Santa Rosa stock
farm representative, annexed the 2'19 trot
without raising a scrape, and gives prom
ise of being a two-tenner before the nay
crop is all gathered. In the running
events Sallie Goodwin, Sea Spray and Ki
Mido tramped in rirst to the intense dis
gust of Zlck Abrams, the bookmaker,
who took the evening train for home.
Helore betting began on the trot the
smart ones, trying to uoost the rield, made
It strong that Dollie Dillon was a bail
breaker, however, ll did not prevent her
teinng a hot 10 to 4 favorite over the tield.
In the book betting Twilight ruled favor
4 ;l-, with Doliie barred.
If the latter mare ever was Inclined to
the "jimmy" habits, Mlliard baunuera
now lias her booked up right. Enjoying
three pieasant spins arouna the ellipse, in
one heat reaching the half in 1:U5*», the
mare was almost eased to a Jog In every
Instance at the wire, the best time sus
pended being 2:15Vi.
All Interest centered in the duel for sec
ond money between McNally and I>ora
Doe, the drst named horse proving the
better stayer and scoring.
The track, which is now In excellent
condition for the harness division, is In
clined to sore up the gallopers. The first
running recital was a four and a half fur
long jaunt for Sallie Goodwin, with "Chub"
Russell up, she being played from evens
to 1 to 2 fa\'orilism. It proved oil from
the can, fcr after Indulging Zem Zem with
the lead well on toward home Russell let
out a link and Sallie .downed the outsider
with ease. San Angustlne led a ragged
bunch out for show honors.
Henry Nathan chalked up 8 to 5 against
Sea Spray when betting began on the
reven fnriong run and was almost knocked
off the block. Fwipins to 4 to 5. In a most
• appetizing drive Coda on the choice Just
Representative of Santa Rosa
btock Farm Sweeps All
Before Her.
DOLLIE DILLON
WHS EASILY AT
NAPA TRACK
Covers the Last Fourth of His Fast
Journey Around the Windsor
Track in 29 1-2 Sec
onds.
?
DETROIT, July 12.— The fastest mile
thus far made this season and the fastest
ever gone in Canada was pac^d on the
Windsor track this afternoon by Joe
Patchen. The black stallion also went
one of the fastest quarters ever seen, cov
ering one of his last quarters in 23Vfe sec
onds, a 1:58 gait.
The match race between Patchen and
Gentry was a fine, hard driven contest
and was won by Patchen In two straight
heats by a couple of lengths In . both
cases. The weather was cloudy, with a
brisk wind blowing across the track.
Patchen made his first mile In 2:04Vi. a half
second better than Gentry's mile at Lima,
Ohio. Patchen led all the 'way In both
heats, although chased closely by Driver
Andrews and the bay horse. After the
race Driver Dickerson was presented with
a floral horseshoe, which Patchen carried
off. The time by quarters was as follows;
First heat— :30. 1:01. 1:33%. 2:04>4.
Second heat—:31:ft, 1:03, 1:35, 2:04^.
Riley B won the 2:09 pace, unfinished
yesterday, after one . heat had gone to
NIeol U. Time of both heats 2:10Vi.
r Toto, the. favorite,' won the 2:14 trot In
straight heats. Major Muscovite took the
2:25 pace, Joe Wheeler, the favorite, get
ting none of the purse. Sag B, who had
the preference in the betting, had little
trouble in winning the 2:20 trot. Attend
ance 2500. Summary;
2:14 trotting, purse $600 — Toto won in three
straight heats. Time, 2:14H. 2:18. 2:1% Elsie
S, Argon K and Miss Kate also started.
2:25 pace, purse $S00— Major Muscovite won
the first, thlnl and fourth heats. Time, 2:12%.
2:14%, 2:16*i. Silver Heels won second heat In
2:16Vi- Jennie Mac, Geisha, Joe Wheeler, Lady
Fenton, , Maiden Queen and , Robert B ¦ also
started.
2:20 trotting, purse $600— Sag B won In
straight heats. Time. 2:13U, 2:13V4, 2:1»V Cor
nelia Belle, Green Wilson, All Right, Silver
Wilkes, Britolones. Carey CNorvetta. Wilkie
Ross, Idolette and . Bonnlclta afco started.
SMASHES A BECORD.
ST. LOUIS. July' 12.— Notwithstanding
the -heavy rainfall of yesterday the track
was in such good shape that Miss Mae
GOES A QUARTER
II THE FASTEST
TIME YET MADE
Joe Patchen, the Black Pacer
Travels at the Rate of
a Mile in 1:58.
Day smashed the track record for a mile
and seventy yards, winning In 1:43. Re
sults:
One and a quarter miles, selling— Lexell won,
rtrldgeton second, American Eagle third. Time,
2:10.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling — Rushfields
won, Chorus Boy second. Joe Gammage third.
Time. l:5i>. »
Mile and seventy yard*— Miss Mae Day won,
Charlie O'Hrlen second, Crossmolina third.
Time. 1:45.
Juvenile selling stake, Jinoo, six furlongs-
Golden Harvest won, Adelante second. Sard
third. Time, l:15'i.
Six and a half furlongs— Pinochle won. Lov
ing Cup second. Harry Duke third. Time, 1:2Ui.
Six furlongs, selling— The Light won, Winne
bejour second, Lady Curzon third. Time.
1:1514.
CHICAGO. July 12.— Silverdale and
Alard Scheek, coupled as the Schorr en
try, were easily one, two to one In the
Edgewater stake to-day, and the latter,
who was much the better, had to be held
hard to keep from winning and thus pick
up a penalty for the next stake in which
he is entered. Weather clear; track fast.
Results:
One mile, selling — Crosby won, Chappaqua
second. Little Reggy third. Time. 1:40*;
Six furlongs— George Arnold won. Reminder
second. Star Chimes third. Time. 1:16%.
Edgewater stakes, five and a half furlongs—
SUverdale won, Alard Scheck eecond, Vltelllus
third. Time. l:OSVi-
One mile and 100 yards, selling-— Mellocole
won, Torlblo second, Ennomla third. Time.
Handicap, one and an eighth miles— GoM Fox
won. Dipsolute second. The Bobby third. Time
1:53H.
One mile— Limerick won. MIdwood second
Limelight third. Time. lMOVi.
NEW YORK, July 12.— At Brighton
Beach a heavy shower broke as the horses
went to the post for the fourth race and
again as the crowd got ready to go home.
The Nautilus stake was the feature of the
day. Prince of Melbourne, the Realiza
tion winner, won easily. He was the sec
ond choice in the betting, the big plungers
playing David Garrick to a man. Results:
Five furlongs— Que»n Pepper won, Tom Kenny
pwond. Maxlmus third.' Time. 1:01 3-5
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— bolandn
won. Handcuff second. Rare P?r*ume third
Time. 1:46 4-5. Adronlcus finished first but wa^
disqualified. - .
Six furlongs— Luke Ward won. The Rhymer
second. Scurry third. Time. 1:15 2-5.
The Nautilus, one and a sixteenth miles-
Prince of Melbourne won, James second Bomb
shell third. Time. 1:46 1-5. ' DUUl °
Six furlongs— Voter won. Mark Cheek second
Time, 1:14.
One mile, selling— Three Bars won, Autumn
second. Dan Rice third. Time, 1:42.
MONTREAL. July 12.— The weather was
clear at Belaire track to-day; track heavy
Results: . ' **
Six and a half furlongs— Allowance won
Dousterswivel eecond. Lizzie Kelly third. Time',
1:34%, -
Four and a half furlongs— San T^uls won,
llarcy second. Ida Quick third. Time. l:03?i
Six and a halt furlongs— Brother Fred won
Tortugas second. Miss Soak third. Time,
. One mile— Captive won. M. Murphy second
Kittle Regent third. Time. l:5S>i. Rochester
finished first but was disqualified for fouling.
Six furlongs— Hungarian won, Aithea second
Highland Prince third. Time, I:25H-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, July 12.— James B. Fer
guson, the well-known racehorse starter,
who has been at St. Joseph's Hospital
for several days, and who was thought
to be at the point of death, surprised his
friends by rallying FUfflciently to be taken
to his country home at Kingston. For a
number of Weeks the patient lingered and
those near to him believed tho end was
near, but the sudden rally has encouraged
them.
Races at Vallejo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, July " 12. — Good events are
scheduled for each day of the coming
race meet to open Tuesday, July 17, and
Secretary \\\ T. Kelley of the County Ag
ricultural Association has booked the fol
lowing horses for the opening day: First
race, pacing, 2:30 class, purse $1000^-1. L.
Borden. Doc Wilkes: G. Y. Bollinger, Our
Boy's Sister: Santa Rosa stock farm,
Margaritta: S. H. Hoy, Yellow Jacket; P.
\V. Hodges, Queen R; G. A. Davis, Rey
Direct; \V. M. Cecil, Irvington Boy. Sec
ond race, special, trotting, 2:19 class.
Third race, running.
managed to nose out Kootenai the last
jump, with Be. Happy third, only a head
further away. Through some oversight
the judges got the cards mixed, giving the
place to Be Happy. Kootenai had been
hammered down from 6 to 2.
Starter George Kerry sprung one of his*
happiest efforts in the mile and a six
teenth run. It freems strange to see
Johnnr Campbell "bushing" it for hun
dred-dollar purses, but such are the for
tunes of the turf. His El Mldo closed a
slight choice over Little Sister for this
event, winning hands down. The latter
led into the stretch, when she blew up,
losing the place to Grand Sachem. Coda
and Twinkle Twink were never danger
ous. Summaries: ,
Fir*t race— Trotting; 2:19 clafs; purse, $700.
I>.|l!e Dillon, b. m. by Sidney Dillon- •
Dollie (Sanders) Ill
Mc.N'ally, br. g. by MrKInney (Hoy) 2 4 2
Dora Doe, b. m. by Don Lowell (Hooper) 3 2 3
Twilight, b. m. by Noonday (Gannon).. 5 3 4
Eleanor Ann, b. m. by Illustrious (SIc-
Gregor) 4 6 5
MIbs Parrabee, br. m. by McKinney
(Durfec) 6 6 dr
¦ • Time-2:15ii, 2:17Vi, 2:18Vi.
5-econd rare, four and a. half furlongs, purse
fir.0— P. Ponaletchls ch. m. Sallie Goodwin 105
mussell), 1 to 2, first; G. E. Shaw's b. m.
Zem Zem 100 (Cannell). 12 to 1, second ; J.
Wenb'B b. g. San Augustine 102 (Collie). 4 to 1.
third. Tine, :?3'i. Claranrio 100. Pauline J
l.«i. Christine 1C0, Delia Connor 100. O. Jai 102.
Ricardo 102 and I/OUise Dayman 100 also ran.
Won easy; second same.
Third race, seven furlongs, purse $150 —
Brooks & Thompson's b. g. Sea Spray 109
(Coda), 4 to 5, first: J. IMxon's br. m. Be
Happy 107 <I)lxon), 3 to 1. second: J. J. Moran's
b. sr. Kootenal 197 (Thomas). 2 to 1. third.
Time. 1 :30U. Harry Gwjrnne 112. El Arte 98,
Aby 109, Somo 109 and Fille d'Or S8 also ran.
Won In a fierce drive. Be. Happy should have
won.
Fourth race, one mile and sixteenth, purse
flOO— J. S. Carnpbeire b. g. El Mido 10G (GafT
ney), 4 to 3. first: J. J. Moran's 6. g. Grand
Sachem 106 (Thomas), 5 to 2. Recond; F. A.
Smyth's b. m. I-Ittle Sister 100 (Collls). 9 to
10, third. Time, 1:4S» 4 . Twinkle Twink 105.
Roadrunner 105 and Coda aUo ran. Won at
leisure. Second same.
STARTER FERGUSON IS •
TAKEN FROM THE HOSPITAL
Xelll has at last listened to the advice
of his friends in the matter of selecting
FOR the second time in their pugilis
tic careers Jack Moffatt of Chicago
and Al Xeill of San Francisco will
face each other in the roped arena
this evening and battle for superiority
with the gloves. Moffatt turned the trick
once and his last performance in this city
has made him the favorite in the betting
en the light that will take place at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to-night.
The crowd with few and many dollars
to wager on the fighters packed the pool
rooms all of yesterday and ' last night,
oacer to place money on their choice.
Both ringsters had a strong following, but
the best odds the Xeill supporters were
thirteenth 'to the seventeenth Moffatt is
again the predominant choice. It Is only
In the last three rounds that the. majority
of mutuel players look for victory to
grace the arms of the Californian.
The state of the betting in the mutuels
is as follows:
willing to lay were 7 agrafn«t 10 on Moffatt.
At d)»»s? odds more than $2500 passed Into
Harry Ccrbett'a poolrooms at an early
hour. This seems to be the best and fair
e?t average offered. Moffatfs former vic
tory, though grasped by a lucky and
timely endeavor, has made him the fa
vorite. Whether he will repeat his pre
vious performance or not is what makes
the betting brisk even at the prevailing
odds.
The mutuels began to show a strong- run
last night. The small bets are laid upon
Nell! in preponderance for the nxft six
rounds of the fight. From the seventh
to the twelfth round Moffatt Is picked as
the winner at almost 2 to 1. From the
SNAPSHOTS OF THE FIGHTEBS TAKEN WHILE THEY WEBE AT WORK
It 1» said to be almost impossible to sink
n modern battleship constructed on the
bfst models.
men to go behind him who are practiced
in the arts of the ring. In the past he has
suffered from Inexperienced handlers, but
to-night his. chief adviser •will be Young
Mitchell. Young Mitchell Is a practiced
ring general and should get the best re
sults out of the young California!!.
Jack Welch will referee both the Tom
my Cox and Willie Cole encounter and
the event of the evening. There is great
interest expressed over the preliminary,
as both men are aspirants for champion
ship honors in their class, and they will
fiprht earnestly and hard. The condition
of these men Is pronounced "tiptop." So
fur as the principals are concerned, each
man asseverates that he will be the win
ner and that there never was a fighter
more fit for fistic encounter.
Exodus of Sportsmen to Distant
Grounds for Big Game — Open
ing: of ths Season on Sun
day Next.
The deer shooting season opens Sunday,
Juiy J5. In crcier to ascertain the condi
tions fcr hunting the Souihorn Pacific
Company through I". O. McCormick has
ii ceo inquiry of-lta agents througnout the
fc-tRte. with the following result:
Aetcn— There are a few d»er on Mount Glea
ecn. abm't nine «mi«s from this stat'en.
Apict- -There I* g'jod Ueer hunung in vicin
ity or Monte Vista and thfre are fc o<..<i trails
mii tiiroueh the nttmirtalrm
Bcaumont-<ioo<) .i<v-j- hurting <m Han Ja
clnto peak, *ig:it miif* from Banning tomb, at
*n deration at about EOOO feet.
Ccmlrr— The In.-*! deer huntlne and bear
luiniing and trout flFlime. all 5t» oae, II In th«
Coast Rtr.«c at th<? bcadwatera of th? Sjutn
F>->rk ot Cottonwool Crefk.
Chatt.wr»rth i'ark— T^<*re are a few Jeer In
the cosetaiBa here ami very hard to rea^h.
Ciiloo — There are n-j <i»er in the virlnlly of
Ci.iro in KU.fi<-t<uit numbers to in«u:e euc-ft-s
fui bSBtfatS'. .
<"aj!ie'.la- Arywheir in vicinity of Castella
there la food fleer burning and trails through
out the iT.< txntslcs.
Cotton»o.«1— 1 ti>-re is giM^l <3^<T and hear
fccr.tins in the moantaiiis opposite this Fta
t.rn. In t;^ Const Ka.iye mountain?. distftUM
•bout Bfijr mile*, tlierc ip a quantity of deer.
< ail^-trj^a— Iteer are seen at times w:thln a
XT. 11* o; tills cei>ot. and for milts buiik in any
direction 'bey are found. Many are kil>d at
tt. ile'ena Mountain, 5ix ir.llfs away.
Coyote- That are in the mountains and
Quail -nd tk>-.e are very ok-ntlful.
l>utoh net— The hills about here all have
£<fr. The bert hunting ip soine uisti.r.'ce from
the railngd. from throe to live mtl-»s. The
t:a!!s arr very gi*>l i'-r u niountalnous country.
El i^afco— Tht-re if- grooi uecr hunting in thi?
Immediate vicinity, thtre being a i«ond at
water a <juart-(»r <¦! a :n!le east, tvhf.-re deer
J:ave been ee«-n even in th<- «3aytln:e, and can
be euUjr 'ornd batk in the hii's-. TVer have
c:ten been teen at r.Scht in the alfalfa, uas- ¦
tiire*. wher* they spr5«time5 come to feed.
Kmiprarst Clip— I>*«rr hunting in this vicinity
Is nretty lair. There art wagrcn roads to all ;
j-»ir.t» uni aii-o traiiE.
Krfsr.o— Thttt ?ire r'-'^nty of deer reportfi in
the m.-tuntaitt* on the east flJ« of this valley.
The *ta^e ride is easy, Millwood being reached
la one day.
Fruto— <j"OJ d»«r hunting can be had in the '
C'<!irt Range tnouniains, irbm twenty to fifty
ir.iles »Mt et this ;>:ac*. Tho csjuntry is rather
Crack and bnsaby. Hunting i-rounds <an be
rt ached by very BMMmtk*O wagon ruaJs
and the feed is fairly guoj for stock.
Orrtiaies— T>"ere are a preat nurr.bt-r of deer
Is ike tnountaJnj in t.'-.is section.
<^!en Kllrti station— There are deer in this
\: inity and great sport is expected for the
coming w>»imn
Kennet;— The very best of <3?er hunting is
found within three miles of this Nation, and
f.rFt-CiEFs !ca:!s pad wasou rc'Bds lead to cen
t<-r or the district.
Kins* t'lTj — Very cwd hunting Kix-unds for
tieer a'.ay l>e fenad about tweajrt-flve or thirty
r.ile* irom :ore in mountains! ba-k or Jolon.
Lo* <;«top— There are a rood r.'.any deej- in
tho Bi« lia*in a!onj th^ Ward»*l Creek, rear
li-'ulder <"re<"k, and > •.¦- nvfr.ty-flve miles
Irrm h»re.
Mart! son- The huntivj? for d^er and doves is
verv pood in the foothlUl in the vicinity of this
llott — Goo-3 deer h'jntirR i.« to b-? found with
in two mil*"* of the station.
Mcwtafue— Bear. <!*-er and pheasant are back 1
Is \hf bU)a to ;u!te an e:;tPiit ar.d .joves and ,
jar'traJ-biis in abjr.dance araund the wheat
l;»ld* in the vullejs
Monterey— There is good d»er hur.tlng and
pi -nty of deer in tMs vi.-inity.
Maiweil — <J;ir>'i <Jo«t hunting Kr>'unds com- '
irencin,; at CiKiks thirty miles' west
Of Vsrw-ell and extendlns ta liel River, tw.-n- i
t; -five miles t-ovend th*> daily Ftag..- of Max
v-«ri: to Cooks and Foots? Snrinirf.
QaJn-flle Bome Jeer bare i^en killed this
ffason in ttie inourTafni" two milf-s wr-gt on ;
tl:e road to .lohnnnrr-bjrg matt. Good hunt- '
trc can f.nd <ieer at almost any season.
N'ordhnff — BkOrdboff Is con:p!i-tely surrounded
by mountains and perhaj^ ih<>re" Is no b-tter
ri» r ' 5n the Ftate tat hunting deer and large j
C-Tie. There »r>> p^od trails leadtntf into all :
I'srtp of the mountains. Hundreds of hunters •
end carrpers visit ihis pla^e ypar!y.
Placerville— There is «!eer hunting; about i
thirty miles east of Placervil'.e on the Placer- j
rtlta end T»h-.e wagon road.
Ravenna— Or.lv a few deer are kf'led here !
eech yefir r.er.r Mount Oleason. from five to ¦
ten ml let* from here.
Hts.->n-Tne d»^»r shooting should be excep- ;
tinnaJly good this yoar as local sportsmen re
port de*r plentiful.
San i. ;:s <^bisp<-> — There Is pood deer hunting
In Lopes Oanyca and a pood wagon rca«i to '
the T>nyon and "gtcid horse trails to hunting ,
Fro-jnd.
Tre!" Pinos— "Die Seer hunting grounds are
fr< Tn fifteen to thirty miles frum here, com
irf-r.clng about flftr-^rj miles at a j'lace called
Emmets, south on Tres Pinos Creek and New
Idr.a stape road.
Truckee— Deer hunting near Deer Park Inn, '
¦which is about seven miles from Truckee on
the :_•.:¦- Tahoe Railway, is qTiHe k ¦¦¦¦! in Oc
tober.
Vlsal'.a— There is e^me deer hunting sixty ;
mile« back in the mountains now and in th» j
fall within thirty mi!>-s dn fo.-,t hills).
t'rland— I'rosi^ei ts of a Rood deer season are
very favomble. The centra! hunting: grounds •
«re distant from Orland between thirty-eight
and forty miles in the Coast Hanjre, which are j
covered with timber ar.d brush.
Oceano — Deer hunting hits always he^n good [
In tlie mountains back of Oceanc. The central 1
hunting irround i* about twenty miles east of
< ><--ano and can be reached bv fro-»d wagon
r^ade . leading through Arroyo <Jr3r.de. thence
xip the Arroyo Grande Valley to the country I
nround Tar Springs: up Ott Arroyo Grande or j
Lopez creeks, and ir. eith»r locality fine camp
ing grounds can be found with an abundance
of water. Teams can lie secured from Mr.
Brown. wh» meets r!I train? at O-eano with
rtace. The climate is very fine.
Reports From Every Point
of the State Favorable
to Shooters.
DEER HUNTERS
WILL HAVE THE
BEST OF SPORT
JACK MOFFATT IS PICKED AS
THE FAVORITE OVER AL NEILL
"Judfre" Creamer v/as given auite an
ovation as he led the dog Onward, which
was entered In his name, across the Held
to the slips for the deciding course in the
midweek reserve stake at Union Park
During the forencon Creamer tipped On
ward as a sure v.'Inner and Implored his
friends to place a bet or two on the dog's
chances in the lor.g odds book. As good as
25 to 1 could be had on Onward, but from
the light play it was evident that the
judge was airiest a!cnt> in his predictions.
The crowd, however, was pleased with the
outcome.
Many long scores were made and re
versrs came often enough to give the
short-end players a run for "their money.
Chiarini Bros.' Zenobla beat iluller's
Moonstone In a rare In which thirty
points were scored. Moonstone led, but
while waftlrs for the hare to come to
him allowed his opponent to pile up points
and beat him to it. The talent fancied
Moonstone and made him a 5 to 1 favorite
to their sorrow.
White Fern was another good one for
the pikers. Drawn asainst Smuggler, the
wise ones thought thrre was "nothing to
it" and forced the despi«ed one to the
short end at 10 to 1. White Fern did not
develop much speed, but showed clever
ness and an ambitious desire/ to reach the
game. When the white flae; was waved.
Fern was two points to the good. Sh*
was beaten pointless in the next round by
.Lord Hastings. *-
Aeneas boat Bill Foster, a 5 to 1 favor
ite, in the third round in a hard race
through favor of the hare. The work told
on him and he was withdrawn from the
stake. The saplings showed up better
than was expected.
Warpath, one of Curtis & 89ns* entries,
made an excellent showing, lie was least
thought of by the owners, but proved the
best of the new ones. Fair IJllle. though
not In the -best at condition, performed
well, as did Coronado aad Master Mat,
the runner-up.
Lord Hastings eot well down on the
card through clever running. At even
money in the first round he g-ot the flag
from Charter, Curtis' entry, in a heavily
played race.
The day's result?, with Judge John
Grace s official scores, follow:
Midweek reserve stake, nrst round— R E. de
B. L*>r>ez» Wattle Blossom beat F <*us"trk b
Cadenza; Chiarlni Hros. 1 7>r\->hU heat J If
\\. ilullers Moonstone; Farley i;ro».' M 1( r».»
ratrol beat (tilarini Bros.' Krass Buttons- Jeff
MartinetfB Uernal Boy beat H. Ljnohs Uvo
i>a; P. Pingle'a Storm Kiv.g beat W Stark's
Thunderbolt; Q. Welch's Little Lucy b^»t Cur
tis & .Scn'a War Kagle: W. Creamer's Onward
beat J. C. Williams' California: Aenei.i Ken
nels' Maid of Urln beat I>. F..r.l'» Anita: O.
Nethercotfs Ruby R beat H. rvsrosier's Real
Fawn; Jeff \?art:netfs Hill Foster boat W.
O'Brien's blackthorn; T. Boanlmans R?d Gl<»n
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Warreifo: .Aeneld
Kennels' Aeneas beat S. H. Mount's S.-im'«
Folly; W. Calrne'3 Imperial beat William
O'Briens W1M Rose; i'nrhn K»nnels' R.oe At
wocm] beat W. Kaiser's Kicharrt: P. Dtnrlt'i
White Fern beat F. Schou'a P. ESro
phy's IuOtiI Hasting- bent Oirtis & Son'3
Charta: J. H. W. Muller"s lY-Jlser beat Frank
P. Hushes' Dempsey Lass: X. Item's Beau
Peep teat D. Foul's Jiian:ta: Sterl A Knoivl's'
Frosty Morn bfat Ccndrey & Roufthfs Home
ward Bound; Curtis A- Son's Warpath N>at f.
F. Han.ly's Clontarf Boar; I'. Reilly's Ma.«ter
J.Iat beat Oe>3rKe MacUouRal'n Wtlheirnlna:
II. Lynoh'R fotton Ball Jvat J. rvmrsey-n
Jingle Belts; I. N\ Woods' CII« Wilson
h*at .1. M. CarrnU's Columbia: J. O-DnwI's
Feg the Rake bent M. l>elann's Ia itelle-
Kelley & Hanley's Baby KliiK beat T>. Toland'n
Hard Lines; J. Carroll'*; Rocklin Belle beat W.
C. Glasson's lone: T. J. Cronin's I^aisy Dale
boat Ceor?? P!nto't» Mlsohl"f; K. P. Julian's
Sweet Music bent CJeor»?» Plntn's (.lad Hand:
K McCabe'a Fair Llllie beat R. E. tie B.
I>ipez's WarrJgnl; W. Creamer's Jessie Moore
beat J. Slaher'* Emma M: T. Boanlman's Lily
Whreler beat Schaefer Bros.' Fair Glen; J. A.
Klein's Coronado beat Chlarlnl Bros." Runko
Bill.
Second rcund— %Vatt!e. Blossom b»at Zenobla:
Morse I'atrol beat IJernal Boy; Storm Kinir
beat Little Lucy; Onward l>eat UftM of Erin;
Bill Foster beat Rnbjr R; Aeneas beat Red
Glrn; Tmyerir.I beat Rcwe Atwood: Lupd Hast
ings beat White Fern; Heau Peep bear Cruiser-
Warpath bep.t Frosty Morn; Master Mat beat
Cotton BaM: Cliff Wilson beat Peg the Rak»-
Rcx/klln Bf-llp tieat Baby Kins; Sweet Music
beat D.-»lsy t>ale : Fair Llllle beat Jessie Moore-
Coronado beat Fafr Glen.
Thinl roumi— M.irs- Patrc! beat 'VTattle Blo*
°om; Onwwl beat Storm King; Aeneas beat
Bill Foster; Ix>rd Hastings beat Imperial; War
path beat Beau Peep: Master Mat beat Cliff
Wilson; Sweet Music beat Rooklln Belle; Fair
Ullie beat Coronado.
Fourth .round— Onward beat Mora? Patrol'
Ivord Ha*tlnss beat Aen?as: Master Mat oeat
Wairath: Sw°et Uocto beat Fair Llllle.
Fifth r'und— Onward beat Lord Hastlnfrs
5-0- Master 5Jwt beat Sweet Musk- 3-3 "
Deciding round— Onward beat Maater Mat.
Onward Wins the I>eclding Bound of
the Midweek Reserve Event
With Master Mat as.
Runner-TJp.
Clever Young3ters Run Some
Fast Races at Union
Park.
FUTURE STAKE
WINERS MAKE
FINE SHOWING
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BY SUMNER HARDY.
CHICAGO, July 12.— The tournament
for the Western tennis championship of
America b*>gan last Saturday with ninety
entries In the single? and twenty-eigh:
in the doubles. Nearly all of the poorer
players have row been' weeded out. four
men were Jeft at the close of the struggle
to-day. Paret will play Sumner Hardy
and Collins will play Fam Hardy to-mor
row.
Paret Is New York's* favorite for first
in the single*. He was nearly beaten by-
Ron;! of Chicago, winning after losing the
first set—* love — and having 5-2 and 40-a*>
BBair.st him in the second.
The Hardy brothers have each beaten
four men quite »asiiy and have won two
matches in the doubles. This plares them
in the semi-finals in the singles and
doubles. To-morrow they will play Col
iins and Paret both in the doubles and
."ingles.
Littlt of Princeton lost to Collin3, tho
local favorite, in straight sets. Sara Har
dy beat the Intercollegiate champion.
Gottleib. eastly. Hardy's cut strokes ooth
cred th^ Eastern man considerably. Little
and Alexander of Princ-wton play the win
ner of the match between the Hardy
brothers and Collins and Paret for the
"Western doubles championship Saturday.
Following were the results In the tournament
to-day:
Championship singles, fourth round:
Haret beat Baiter. 4 — «5, 6— «. 6 — 3.
fWlinw beat Little. 6— 3. <*— 7.
Samuel Hardy b?at McKf-ever, 6—2, 6—3.
Championship doubles, first round:
Collins and Paret beat Myers and Xeely. 8 — I.
« — 3. S — t.
H"nd and Sheldon beat Turner and GUchrist
by default.
Bponr.d round:
Hardy brother* beat Carter and McKeever.
2— «, «— 2. 7—5. «— C.
Alexander and L.ittle beat McQuijton broth
ers, fr— 2. &— 2. 8—4.
Hond and Sheldon beat O'nrien and Bank3
by default.
How Are Drawn to Play Against
Two of the E«st Men
Among the Eastern
Cracks.
Have Won All Preliminary
Contests in Tennis
Tournament.
HARDY BOYS
QUALIFY FOR
SEMI-FINALS
« 7 ¦•-¦.. •--¦.¦.. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
LONDON, July 12.— At Bisley to-day In
the shooting for the Prince of Wales'
prizes (the first prize belnp £10 and a
badge) Musketry Instructor Walllngford
and Corporal Cole tied, with a score of S5.
Tied With a Good Score.
4
Korx
DS.
JMoffatt. I
I Xelll.
1 to 6
• 33
! 3S
7 to 12
is to n ...:
1* and ovit
90
102
3S
53
47
54 ¦
Totals
. 263
I 192
Korx
DS.
JMoffatt. I
I Xelll.
1 to 6
• 33
! 3S
7 to 12
is to n ...:
1* and ovit
90
102
3S
53
47
54 ¦
Totals
. 263
I 192
|No More Dread
iof the Dental Chair.
jnrfpprp|j Which will you have. «5e
1 L.L. Jl ll» comforts of good teeth, of
the wretched misery, suff.rl.vr and terrible
I iar?s of toothache and brokea-Jown c-n»t!tu-
! t!on, caus*<! by polluted breath from decayed
j te^th. And jret many struggle on throush life
' and allow thetr teeth to g»t In this most de-
: plorabl* condition without seeking the proper
I source to have their teeth restored to their
1 r.atural xindltion.
W> are rr.Hking a »p«-!alty of icold crown and
, bridge work; th» most beautiful, painless and
I durable of all dental work known to the pro-
I fession. Our nair.e alon* wi!! be a guarantee
that your work will b<» of tho best. We havo a
specialist In each d#partnjei:t.
Full set of teetn 15. a perfect fit ruaraatem
or no pay. Gold -crowns. $5. Gold fl!lin«*s ji
Silver flUlnss. 50c.
ejfl PI ATP 5 U- J ~^ £j*b
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO. '
MAIN" OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH.... SEATTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Itronf Auertlom m to Just tETi W |
the Bemedlet Will Do.
—a^jPJs- Muayoa ri«r«nt»*«
FT^'lillFTiTy Til *"" Rheumatism
J3^^J3ti¥rSifi^k Cure will cure D'-arly
i^KsKEfiJafcsF?!. a '^ c ***» of rteurua-
EUJ U«a la a few boiirs,
iOr that hls Cure
¥"A -»? '*! w "' core Indigestion asd
feff F '"»>¦> i j^Mfl# " ;1 stomarh troubles:
YW < *~^£'*i3'' tfcat h! * K !da«j Curs
V ~' ¥"y9 ** il <"«re OU per ren'.
S y'^** 1 *" •! a!l cases of kldsoy
\ >—ZE£a trooble: that his Ca-
J*T Mguf tarrb Curs wtu care
_ -^»k/^otS'-«v catarrh to matter h"Tr
I™*-' Standtnj-; thru h!i
Wfri^HBRBBniuf Headache Cur« will cur 3
*il I Hpr «cj kind of beaitaca* ta
I If* *" w mlnu te«; that
. . ,. quickly break m t3 »
fun <» cold and so ca through the •nttr. u.t O f
remedies. At all drngjlst*. 23 <-ent« a »1«1
-. 1 A )0 ° nee<1 w«l-«l adTlce write Prof Manron
1M6 Arch st.. Phila. It i» ahsolutelyJrw.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. ]
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
kRnfvH Wer * successful at Nona last
IXItVPUn W.AB otAem failed. I™oJ"-
Uoa daily. 9 Stevenaoa «t.. S. F.
1 NEW BICYCLES
• REDUCED TO
8 $20 and $25.
• Men*s and Ladles*.
• Bargains ia 2d-hand Bxycles,
J 85, S10, $15.
<f> SE21TID FOK. LIST.
•LEAVITf~~& BILL,
© 3C9 LARHIN ST.
Q * Cleveland Cyclery
coeosQaeeooocsocQsa'eg
! DR. MEYERS & CO.
! Diseases and Weakness of Men.
Urgest Medical testita'a and Most Extsnslvs
Practics Consultation Frej.
731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Home Cure*. Etaled PriraU Book. Fr;»FORCED HIS WIFE TO
SUPPORT THE FAMILY
Pursuant to orders from Washington
the camps at the Presidio are to be reno
vated and remodeled to provide accom
modation for 5000 men. As the fixtures of
last years' camp are still in position this
will prove an easy matter and will oc
cupy but a short time. The tents will be
in the majority of cases renewed. The
wooden buildings are to be made sanitary
and will probably be repainted. As the
materials needed are all close at hand
in the quartermasters' department, little
time will be wasted, and with a large
force of workmen it is intimated that the
entire Job can be done in little over forty
eight hours.
Even as things are at present 3000 men
could be accommodated without difficulty.
The additional room required Is accounted
for by the fact that the new army regu
lations call for companies of 125 men each
The air round the Presidio is electric
with rumor that all this preparation Is
significant of a rushing of troops to the
Orient. All through the big reservation
there is a busy hum of preparation, and
in a short time the while city of tents
may again develop in the hills of the
Presidio.
The following telegram was received at
department headquarters yesterday:
¦f Commanding General, Department +
+ of California, San Francisco, Cal.: +
•4- In view of the requirements of the +
-?- service all permits for the trans- -+.
-?- portatlor. of persons not actually In -i
-?- the military service by transports +
4- palling from Pacific Coast ports will +
¦4- be discontinued until further orders. -J
h>- Notice should be Kiven to the +
-?¦ army, the press and all others con- +
¦<? cerned. Please give full publicity i
-f ELIHU ROOT. Secretary of War X
¦f H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General -*-
4- July 12. 1900. •
A pack train of 100 mules will be shinDed
to Seattle to-day. Although they were at
first intended for Manila, there is but lit
tle doubt now that their destination is
(ihina.
Camps to Be Refitted to Ac
commodate Influx of
Many Troops.
BUS Y SCENE OF
PREPARATION AT
THE PRESIDIO
roung Ladies' Institute to Elect Ne\s
Officers at Its Session
To-Bay.
The Grand Council of the Young La
dles' Institute did not hold Its annual
election yesterday, the amending of the
constitution taking up all the business
hours of the session.
In the afternoon the delegates were the
guests of Institute No. 7. and a delightful
hour was spent at the banquet table.
Last evening a grand reception and ball
was glveti at Native- Sons" Hall in honor
of the tenth Grand Institute. The hall
was handsomely decorated in blue and
white bunting, the colors of the institute.
About 3000 invitations were sent out for
the affair and there were more than 750
guests present. The committees having
the affair in charge were as follow:
Committee of arrangements— Annie M. Pott
hofT. chairman; May Stein, secretary; Mary
Donovan, treasurer; Annie Xyhan. Fannie
Douglass. Martha CorpaKe, Mrs. M. Mullln,
Ella Baxter. Belie Boyle.
Reception committee— Mary Leahy. Mrs.
Keating, Mary Flynn, Mrs. Kaunitz, Kittle
Buckley, Mrs. Devine, Miss Deasy, Mary Mc-
Carthy.
Floor director, J. P. Donovan; assistant floor
director. Miss May Stein.
Flocr committee— G. Morgan, J. F. Comyns.
T. J. Maroney, F. J. Foran, Mr. Drlscoll. C.
Gheen. D. J. Moynlhan, William McCarthy,
L. Mahoney. Mr. AVynn.
The election of officers will be held this
morning and the afternoon will be given
over to a big party and a sail around the
bay, followed by a drive through Golden
Gate Park.
On Saturday morning the installation of
officers will- take place and the commit
tees to serve during the ensuing year will
be appointed.
Among the visitors to the Grand Council
session yesterday were: Miss Hannah
Fitzpatrick of No. 7. Miss Brida M.
O'Connor of No. 7. Miss Amelia Hart
mann of No. 44, Ldvermore; Miss Mary
Flvnn of No. 15, Oakland; Mrs. Kate
Dwyer of No. 1. Mrs. S. Flaherty of No. 1,
Miss L. Carroll of No. 1, Mrs. Nellie
Shannon of No. 3, Miss L. Culiigan of
No. 3, Mrs. M. Peacock of No. 1, Miss
Mary Rhodes of No. 15, Oakland; Miss
L. G. Manley of No. 2 and Miss K. M.
Crane.
BANQUET AND BALL
FOR GRAND COUNCIL
If the general committee of the Xatlv©
Sons having charge of the celebration of
the admission of California into the
Union will allow the amount required for
transportation the men who compose tho
several organizations of the National
Guard of California will come from all
parts of the State to take part in the pa
rade. This will Include the First, Second
and Third brigades. The cost of trans
portation will be about J4S0O.
C. J. Rosenthal, the clean oi the consular
corps in this city, received Grand Marshal
Costello and Chief Aid Stanyan yesterday
and Informed them that he would call a
meeting of the foreign Consuls next week,
when some action will be taken about par
ticipating In the parade. Jose Ccsta.
Consul for Uruguay, fcas already notified
the grand marshal that he will be in line.
Lewis Mayer of Agua Callente, Sonoma
County, called at the grand marshals of
fice to offer his services to helj> maJce th«
parade a success. Mr. Mayer, who Is 78
years of age and father of Past President
Lew's B. Mayer of El Dorado Parlor, N.
S. G. W., came to San Francisco In 1848
on the Lexington, the first vessel from tho
East that rounded the Horn. He was a
member of Company F. Third United
States Artillery, of which William Te
cumseh Sherman was then third lieuten
ant. Mr. Mayer was with Commodore
Sloat at the flag raisins at Monterey and
was one of the firing party that fired tha
national salute. He will be assizned a
post of honor In the line.
The Invitation committee decided yes
terday to send invitations to the Mayors
of the principal cities; also to the Super
visors of each of the counties of the State.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club, number
ing about 126. ranging from 8 to 16 years
and commanded by C. R. AIber?er. will
parade. The club will be preceded by Its
own bugle and drum corps.
Piedmont Parlor will tvrn out In uni
form with a band and will have a finely
decorated frame on which to display its
banner. The parlor expects to have on*
hundred men in line. Frank Barnel has
been chosen as aid to the grand marshal.
Alameda Parlor will also have a hun
dred men In line in yachting costume
with a band of twenty pieces. It will pa
rade with a new $500 banner.
An effort will be made to have the sev
enty members of Oakland Lodge. Benevo
lent and Protective Order of Elk3. who
were awarded the first prize for having
made the best showing In the Fourth oC
July parade, join in the celebration.
Talk of Having the Entire Rational
Guard of California in the Pro
cession on September
* Tenth. £
He Came to San Francisco
on the Ship Lexington
in 1846.
0NE OF OLDEST
ARTILLERYMEN
WILL PARADE
"Had the European embassies at Peking
taken the trouble to Investigate or even
to consider seriously the warnings about
the coming storm sent them by the mis
sionaries in the northern provinces the
awful events of the last month might have
been almost wholly averted," declared
Rev. AVilliam P. Chalfant, a Presbyterian
minister who returned from China on the
steamer Rio de Janeiro, when seen last
night.
The reverend gentleman has resided In
the North China province of Shantung
for fifteen years, and although he left the
Orient before the actual outbreak of hos
tilities on account of Mrs. Chalfant's
health, yet he is thoroughly familiar with
conditions In his recent home.
"The cause of the present situation,"
continued Rev. Mr. Chalfant, "had its in
cipiency three years ago. Two German
Catholic missionaries were murdered by
the common people. In return. the Ger
man Government asked for and obtained
the port of Tsung-Tau. A railroad was
constructed from the coast Into the in
terior. The Chinese, who are densely
Ignorant, believed that this was built to
aid the •foreign devils' In obtaining chil
dren, whose hearts they declared were
cut out and used to transform iron Into
money. They cannot understand where
we get our silver from, and that Is the ex
planation the priests give them."
It was just after thw agitation that Rev.
Mr. Chalfant and two of his colleagues
underwent a thrilling experience.
The minister, accompanied by Rev.
Charles A. Kille and Rev. W. S. Faris,
went up Into the mountains of lcanfu to
hold services in a church established
there. "While celebrating the ritual the
edllice was surrounded by a mob of howl-
Ing barbarians armed with knives, pitch
forks and old-fashioned guns. For a time
things looked black for the besieged, but
a native messenger managed to get
through and bring a detachment of sol
diery from a near-by town, which put the
mob to flight.
The Chinese soldier, according to Mr.
Chalfant, is well drilled and armed, and
though not particularly brave is possessed
of a fanatic fierceness whlcli makes an
excellent substitute for courage. This
fact, the missionary thinks, will be the
cause of u terrible death roll among the
allied forces. Mr. Chalfant says that he
fears* the worst fate has befallen the be
sieged in Peking.
"In China a native will risk his life
cheerfully for money," he said, "and
surely If those In Peking were safe they
would have got word through to their
friends. This continued silence Is tho
worst sign possible."
Rev. William P. Chalfant, Late of
Shantung Province, Talks of
the Cause of the Boxer
Horrors.
Missionaries' Warnings of
Approaching Outbreak
Ignored at Peking.
STORM SIGNALS
NOT NOTICED BY
THE DIPLOMATS
CASUALTIES AT LUZON.
rcneral MacArthur Cables Latest
List of Killed and Wounded.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— General Mac-
Irthur has cabled to the War Dcpart
jent the following casualty report:
Killed— July S. Cabari3tuari, Luzon, Com
er.y K. Thirty-fourth • Infantry, Otis
lar'rlson; Lapote, Luzon, Company N.
'liirty-third. John Spencer.
Wounded— April 25. La Par. Leyte, Com
ary I. Twenty-third. William Murphy:
•ours tied In hip, seriously
Gains His Liberty on a Writ cf
Habeas Corpus, Having Been
Charged With Kidnaping.
NEW* YORK. July 12.— Justice McAdam
in the Supreme Court to-day r.ustained the
writ of habeas corpus obtained by Theo
dore C. Marceau of San Francisco, who
was arrested on a charge made by his di
vorced wife of kidnaping his five-year-old
son. Marceau was arrested on his return
from Europe, the charge of kidnaping be
ing preferred against him by his ex-wife.
He obtained a writ of habeas corpus and
to-day was discharged from custody.
MONUMENT TO CONFEDERATES
Chevalier Trentanove, a Washington
Sculptor, to Do the Work in
Missouri.
ST. LOUIS. July 12.— Chevalier Trenta
nove, a sculptor of Washington, D. C,
was to-day awarded the contract for
erecting the monument to the Confeder
ate dead that will be placed in Springfield.
Mo., by the United Confederate Veterans
:md Daughters of the Confederacy.' It
will cost $12,000 and will be the only me
morial to Confederate soldiers In Mis
souri.
Lakes.
REVIVAL IN SHIP-BUILDING.
Busy Season Is Expected on the Great
MONTREAL, July 12.— Toronto vessel
men predict a revival of steel vessel
building on account of lower prices ob
taining. At present prices the cost of
building a steel vessel of CoOO tons is $50,
000 to $75,000 less than the same boat would
have cost a year ago. No fear of a dull
season in ship-building on the lake Is en
tertained, and everything points to a large
number of orders for new vessels.
?
VENEZUELA AT PEACE.
Consul Esteves Receives a Dispatch
Giving the Information
XEW YORK, July 12. — In contradiction
cf the dispatch of United States Minister
Loomis al Caiacas confirming the report
that another revolution has begun In
Venezuela General Esteves, . Consul of
Venezuela In this city, received to-day the
following cablegram:
"Peace reigns throughout the country
and will be officially declared on July 24.
"ANbUZA PAL AGIOS."
JI. Lascs. the Nationalist, Is Slightly
Wounded in an Encounter
Wfth Swords.
PARIS. July 12.— M. Lascs, the promi
nent Nationalist Deputy whose name has
been connected with the most disorderly
incidents in the Chamber of Deputies dur
ing the past session, fought a duel with
BWOrdfl to-day with a newspaper man, M.
Gerault-Riche. In a suburb of Paris.
The meeting^ was the outcome of an ar
ticle written by the latter in the social
organ La Petite Republique.
In the eleventh round Lascs was wound
ed in the right arm and the duel was
stopped.
COLONEL MARCEAU IS
RELEASED BY THE COURT
To Make Initial Trip From Antwerp
in a Month and Is Called the
Vaderland.
GLASGOW. July 12.— The new Red Star
steamer Vaderland was successfully
launched at Clydebank at noon to-day.
She is the first of four fine large steamers
which the International Navigation Com
pany is building for the Red Star line to
ply "between New York and Antwerp,
stopping each way at a French port.
The Vaderland is J60 feet long. 60 feet
wide and 42 feet deep and will measure
over 12/iGO tons. She is expected to make
an average s;-.oed of sixteen and a half
knots and will make her llrst trip leaving
Antwerp about October L
FRENCH DEPUTY FIGHTS A
DUEL WITH A JOURNALIST
Sir Frederick Mitchell - Hodgson
Speaks of the Dang-ers Which
Beset Him.
ACCRA. Gold Coast Colony, July 12.— Sir
Frederick Mitchell-Hodgson, Governor of
the colony, who recently arrived here
after having been besieged at Kumassi by
rebellious tribesmen, and who bears signs
-of the hardships and privations to which
he has been subjected, in the course of an
Interview said he considered his escape
th^ most marvelous on record.
\b- attributed Its success to the secrecy
maintained concerning the route chosen.
The carriers who accompanied him be
came so wenkenefl by starvation that
everything was abandoned arid the party
suh?i?ted upon plantains. They endured
great hardships. Fortunately the rains
were not heavy. Had it been otherwise
all would probably have succumbed
Lady Hodgson pluckily shared all the
dangers and privations.
FINE STEAMER LAUNCHED
FOR THE RED STAR LINE
CONSIDERS HIS ESCAPE
ALMOST MIRACULOUS
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— An era of hot
weather ihat surpasses in intensity the
well-known period of drought during 1&92,
according to reports that are being
brought to Los Angeles, is sweeping over
the southern portion of Arizona. The heat
is so fierce that the deserts present a dried,
withered snd parched appearance, denud
ing the land of all feed for cattle.
To add to the suffering that Is entailed
upon former large herds, every water hole
and most wells, owing to a lack of sea
sonable rains, have completely gone dry.
In consequence cattle are dying by the
thousands, and their shrunken frames dot
the desert country of Pima, Plnal. Santa
Cruz. Yurr.a, Cochise and parts of Mari
copa counties. The loss to owners of herds
cannot be computed, as in their present
paunt condition no market can be found.
Old-timers assert that this mortality will
seriously affect the supply of beef upon
which California south of San Francisco
is largely dependent. Rarely in th«% his
tory of the Territory has the water in the
Gila and Salt rivers been so scarce. Not a
drop is reported in the Gila, and in the
San Pedro from Benson to its confluence
with the Salt River above Phoenix. In the
Salt River, where thousands of Inches
formerly were known at similar periods,
U ss than one thousand inches are reported
for irrigating hundreds of thousands of
acres.
At Casa Grande the immense reservoir Is
dry, the supply having long since been ex
hausted. Crops of alfalfa, barley and
wheat between Florence and Casa Grande,
as well as on the Indian reservation at
Sacaton, where the Pimas dwell, are be
yond hope, even should rain now fall. Not
one-tenth of a harvest will be secured.
So dry is the air and so inflammable have
the forests on the Santa Catalinas become
that fire that is ravaging hundreds of
acres of timber adds a lamentable feature
to an existing chain of misfortunes.
Rivers Have Dried Up and
They Can Find Neither
Food Nor Drink.
HUNDREDS OF
CATTLE PERISH
IN ARIZONA
PROPOSED ROUTE OF THE "CUT-OFF" LINE.
<=prRAVELEKS whose business or pleas
. ure makes It necessary to travel over
I! the coast division of the Southern
Pacific Company will read with satis
faction the announcement made yesterday
that the Southern Pacific has reached a
point of enterprise which calls for better
facilities with which to handle their traf
fic.
"Within the past few days suits have
been filed for the condemnation of lands
required for the roadway of the "shore
line" through certain lots dnd blocks in
the southern part of the city. This Is the
first definite move in a long time and
proves encouraging to those most particu
larly interested in the proposed improve- j
raent. Yesterday there was still better
news, in the announcement that the com
pany had called for bids for the construe,
tion of the new line. As to the date upon
which bids are to be opened, or the exact
surveyed course, the officials of the en
gineering department decline to give acy
information.
It was considered sufficient gocd news
for the public that the important piece
of work was about to be undertaken and
pushed to completion. The necessity for
condemnation suits accounts for the retl-
cence of the officials regarding the route
which the new line will take.
It is stated or good authority that the
foot of Seventh street will be the start
ing point, and that tho line will take the
most practical and direct course there
from, passing^ west of Railroad avenue
and not far from the old Bay View race
track. The first tunnel on the city end of
the road will extend about four blocks;;
thf*re will be several shorter tunnels.
This route will shorten the run to San
Jose materially and will avoid the heavy
grades and bad course of the present line,
on which there have been so many acci
dents. The new route will permit fast
iunninp: with safety. Its construction at
this time is a part of the purpose of the
company to straighten and perfect the
coast line to Los Angeles, which is in
tended to be eventually the main artery
of traffic between the northern and south
ern sections of the State. One of the
preat advantages to accrue from the com
pletion of this shore line will be the easy
access it will pive to the new railroad
yards In the Mission district. It Is said
thauthe greater portion of the overland
freight business will pass through these
yards.
The date for beginning- the construction
and the proposed completion of the road
will be announced when the contracts
shall have been awarded.
The Building Trades Council, which has
jurisdiction over twenty-eight labor un
ions of San Francisco, which unions have
a numerical strength of nearly 12,000 men,
has started on a campaign to force the
eight-hour rule upon employers In the
building trades where It does not now ob
tain. Notices have been sent out to em
ployers in the branches mentioned that
after August 13 the working day must be
but eight hours. *
The council stands behind the unions
directly interested, and a refusal on the
part of any of the employers might lead
to a strike that would stop all work on
buildings and in the factories that supply
the building trade. In consequence of
this possibility the trade is at a nervous
tension, and some builders are apprehen
sive that a general and disastrous strike
may result.
The Millmen's Union No. 423 of the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners,
the Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union
No. 15 ar.d the Varn^-sliers' and Polishers'
Union No. 134 are the organizations that
have served norices^upon mills" and fac
tories employing men in those lines that
after August 13 a day's labor must con
sist of but eight hours?. The last named
union demands also in certain factories
an increase of 50 cents per day in wages.
All men employed on buildings in course
of construction are worked but eight
hours at present. The new demand Is an
attempt to extend the rule to the mills
and factories where the materials are
prepared that are used in building.
The Millmen's Union has a membership
of about -MX). They are the men that are
employed In thi- planing mills. In some
cases they are worked nine hours and in
others as long as ten hours.
The wocd-workers, commonly known as
cabinet-makers, have 300 men In their or
ganization, comprising n?arly all of the
cabinetmakers In San Francisco. Their
working day is nine hour* in most of the
larRe furniture lactories.
The varnisher* and polishers in some of
the factories are worked nine hours. In
others they have the eight-hour day, but
in these are paid 50 cents per day less.
The union demands, uniformly, a day of
eight hours and a wage of fi per day. It
has a membership of 125.
In addition to the demands of these
three unions, the Metal Roofers' Union
No. 1 has demanded an Increase from
$3 M per day to $4. The union has about
ninety members. The date set for the in
crease demanded is October 1. The con
tractors employing metal roofers show a
willingness to grant the increase. The
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers' Un
ion No. 07 has notified employers that
after October 1 the eight-hour day must
prevail in that branch of the building
trades. Nearly 200 men belong to that
union.
The unions have committees at work
with the employers, but no definite an
swer has been received except from a few
of them. They and most of the builders
believe that their demands will be
granted.
"There is little need to fear a general
st?.ke," W. M. VPage. secretary of the
Building Trades Council, said last even
ing. "If a few of the planing mill men re
fuse to accede to the demand their em
ployee will walk oul If they should at
tempt to defeat ua by sending their work
out of San Francisco, say to the Portland
mills, we would have to protect ourselves
by strikes of the employes of builders
using supplies furnished by them."
Contractors Apprehensive Lest Ee
fusal of Some May Cause a
Strike That Will Become
General.
Building Trades Unions
Have Served Notices
on Employers.
DEMAND A DAY
CF EIGHT HOURS
IN ALL LINES
Thirty-Eight Natives Killed and
Hundreds of Houses Swept
Away by a Hurricane on
Niufu Island.
?
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 12.-The
Bteamer Mlowc ra from Sydney to-day
brings news that Great Britain has added
another to her Island possessions in the
Pacific. H. JJ. S. Porpoise in June piant
ed the British flug on Niue or Savage Isl
and, eituated 300 miles northeast of the
Tongan group. The principal product is
copra, of which 700 tons are exported an
nually.
The terms of the British protectorate
over Tonga have been modified as a re
sult of a conference between Basil
Thompson, the British representative, and
the Tongan King and chiefs, when an
agreement was signed by which no treaty
is to be made without Great BriuUn's con
sent. In case of the Tongan Government
being in need of assistance it is to apply
only to the British Government, and not
to anv other pjwer.
Advices from Apia say that the little
island of Nsufu. or Hope, has been com
pletely devastated by a disastrous hurri
cane which swept away oOo houses. Thir
ty-eight natives were killed. The cocoa
nut trees were entirely destroyed and the
natives are reported to be on the verge
of starvation.
Administrative matters appear to be
progressing satisfactorily in Samoa. The
Oicrman Governor. Dr. Solf. is installing
a system of native government, one of
th<- features of which is the election of
district Governors, who will confer pe-
riodkally with Solf and Head Chief Ma
taat'a.
The continued violence of the plague in
Australia is evidenced by the fact th>t up
to the time of the sailing of the Mio.vera
from Sydney the total number of cases
had reached an aggregate of 621, with
nlnetv-two deaths.
Premier Seddon of New Zealand is ad
vocating the including of his colony in the
Australian federation. He also urges the
federation of the Fiji Islands with the
idea of ultimately bringing them into the
same scheme of union. He thinks this
will be necessary to prevent the Fiji Isl
ands falling into the hands of some na
tion other than Great Britain.
Another of the Tongan
Group Annexed by the
Porpoise.
BRITISH FLAG
HOW FLIES OVER
SAVAGE ISLAND
PRETORIA. July 12.-Colonel Mahon,
reinforced by General French's brigade,
yesterday took all the positions held by
the Boers in the neighborhood of Rtit
fonte!n. A number of Boer dead were
found. The British casualties were
trif.ir.g.
Details are now 2t hand regarding th?
disaster to the Lincolnshire Regiment on
Wednesday. It appears that five com
panies were ordered Tuesday to proceed
and hold the pass through Magaiesbur^,
in the neighborhood of Daspoort fort.
They arrived at the pass in the afternoon,
when three companies with two guns took
up a position ar.d camped for tne night,
leaving two companies on a plain souttj
cf the pass. The eastern hill was rugged,
rocky a:.<i inaccessible, but farther east
apparently approachable from the mail:
ridge. At daybreak yesterday the Boers
appeared on the eastern kopje and opened
a heavy f:re. Confusion ensued. The col
onel ordered the men to take up a position
on a. kopje west of the gap. From this
point a hot nre ensued during the entire
cay. Two guns under the escort of th-3
Bcota Greys placed in advance from the
main body were captured after a stout
resistance. Nearly every man was killed
or wounded. A Maxim gun was brought
into action early in the day. The lire
was too hot and the men were iinally
forced to retire. A sergeant, aided by
seven volunteers, saved the gun. There
was a continuous fire all along the line,
the Lincolnshire Regiment men vigor
ously replying.
About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
Boers appeared to the left of the position
occupied by the British. An officer and
fifteen mm attempted to charge them.
Fourteen men \v«re killed or wounded as
the result of the charge. Three companies
were practically surrounded, but they
kept up a steady fire unwaveringly until
toward nightJali. when their ammunition
had been expended.
It is understood upon good authority
that the Boers have armed natives.
Two cf the natives leaj>ed from co\-er
when a small party irom the Lin
colnshire Regiment stepped up and de
yianced their surrender. A soldier stepped
forward and Knot both the natives dead.
Dne officer who succeeded in making his
pscape had an encounter with an armed
native. It is feared that the losses of the
British were numerous. About thirty of
the Hritifh soldi.rs straggled back to
ramp to-day. According to all accounts
I great force is being assembled to pre
rent further progress cf the Boers.
LONDON CONSIDERS THE
SITUATION AS SERIOUS
LONDON. July 13.— Lord Roberts' dis
satch reporting still another unfortunate
jeeurrence throws a serious light upon
J-.e state of affairs in South Africa. There
aas been some comment recently regard
jig the virtual absence of progress by
.he Immense army under command of
Lord Roberts, and but few could have
»een found to believe that the scattered
3oers were able to inflict such a defeat so
i<-ar Pretoria.
Instf-ad of the surrender of all the re
raining Boers being imminent, as recent
jelegrarr.s had hinted, it seems they have
»eon making a concertr-d attempt to eur
•ound or recapture Pretoria, with so much
iuct-c-fs tbat in the region which was
supposed to be pacified and in which no
mack was expected they succeeded in
nflicting a. Benoiu defeat and capturing
wo guns and some 2W men. It Is evident
Jiat General Botha has a considerable
orce. seelnp that he is ahla to prers Lord
ioberts' lines at a half dozen points
tround Pretoria, from the springs to the
nutheapt of the city, northward to llid-
Ueburg and Durdepoort. and thenee
outhward to Nitrals Nek and Krugers
.orp.
Lord Roberts om!tf to Rive the name of
he commander concerned, giving rise to
ho belief that worse remains to be told
Even if ;h<> mishap bo not more grave
har. his information at present Implies.
t iimvp? that the situation Is still serious
md that there Is no possibility of any
roops I'Hni? spared from South Africa
r,r China, hut. on the contrary, ft will
till take a long time to clear the country
1 th" Hoers.
SCevii has reached London that Lord
toner!* has br«en suffering from a serious
owel complaint and that Lady Roberts
ras btuiiedlT fummonwi from Bloemfon
ein. Lord Roberts, though now better,
t weak.
LONDON. July 12.— Lord Roberts re
ports to the War Oflice under date of Pre
toria. July 12. as follows:
"The enemy, having failed in their at
tack upon our right rear, as mentioned
in my telegram of July 9. made a deter
mined attack upon our right fiank yester
day* and, I regret to say, succeeded in
capturing Nitrals Nek. which was gar
risoned by a squadron of the Scots Greys,
with two guns of a battery of the Royal
Artillery and five companies of the Lin
colnshire regiment.
¦"The enemy attacked in superior num
bers l.1 dav.-n, and seizing the hills com
manding the nek. brought a heavy gun
fire to bear upon the Mnall garrison.
'"Nitrals Nek is about eighteen miles
from here, near where the road crosses
the Crocodile River. It was held by us
in order to maintain road and telegraphic
communication wuh Ruste-riberg.
"The lighting lasted, more or less,
throughout the day ar.d immediately on
receiving information this morning of the
enemy's strength 1 dispatched reinforce
ments from here ur.der Colonel Godfrev of
the Kings Own Scottish Borderers. Be
fore, however, they reached the spot the
garrison had been overpowered, the guns
and a greater portion of the squadron of
the <_»reys had be*-n captured, owing to
their hoi see bvir.fr phot; also about ninety
rr.cn of the Lincolnshire regiment.
"A list Of the casualties has not been re
ceived, but 1 fear they are heavy.
"Simultaneously an attack was made on
our ouii>osts near Durdepoort, north of
the town, in which the Seventh Dragoons
were encased. The regiment was handled
with considerable skill by Lieutenant
Colonel Low and ljept the enemy in check
until they retired on their supports and
would probably have suffered but slight
lofs had not our troops mistaken some
Boers m the bushes for our own men.
"SiEith-Dorrien had a small engagement
with the enemy yesterday near Krugers
dorp and inflicted heavy loss on them.
"BulJer reports that the Boers who
were destroying his line of railway near
Paardekraal were driven off vesterday
after a short action.
"Hart reports from Hendeberg that the
surrendering of Boc-r arms and ammuni
tion continues [n that district."
OAPK TOWN. July 12.— United States
Consul Adelbert Hay is about to return
to the United States. Batches of prison
ers are arriving here dally from the front
One lot contained thirty-eight English and
Iri^h ranges.
LONDON, July 12.— The War Office an
nounces that General Buller reports that
€o? prisoners released by the Boers have
arrived at Ladvsmith.
DETAILS OF DISASTER
TO THE LINCOLNSHIRES
Garrison Swept All Day by a Heavy
Gun Fire by the Federals From
the Hills Surrounding
the Nek.
Casualties Not Yet Known,
But It Is Feared They
Are Heavy.
NITRALS NEK
IS CAPTURED HI
BDER TROOPS
Southern Pacific Company In
vites Bids for Construction
of "Cut-Off."
WILL NOW BUILD
SHORE LINE ROAD
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
Divorce Suit9 Filed
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Roddy Tercovlch against Luke Tercovich
for cruelty: Cordelia Louise Savage
against Michael J. Savage for desertion:
Charles Scheper against IJzs-e Scheper
for Intemperance, and Mnttlda Nielsen
against Jesse R, Nielsen Xor desertion
Motorman Not to Blame,
Michael. Ryan, the motorman who was
in charge of the Folsom-street car that
ran over Lilly Kopp, a little girl, between
Seventh and Eighth . streets, about three
weeks ago, resulting in one of the child's
legs being amputated, appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday. After hearing the
evidence the Judge dismissed the case,
holding that the defendant was not to
blama.
Warrant for Joe McAuliffe.
Patrick Walsh, head keeper In the
Sheriff's office, had a warrant issued for
the : arrest of Joe McAuliffe. an ex-prlze
fighter. on a charge of battery yester
day. In his complaint sworn to before
Judse Fritz, Walsh declares that on
Wednesday night McAuliffe approached
him at Sixth and Market streets and
asked for the loan of a dollar. Walsh
told the pugilist that he did not have the
amount, but offered to buy a drink. Mc-
Auliffe told Walsh he had the money, but
did not want to lend It. and emphasized
his opinion by knocking Walsh down ¦with
a- left swing. Walsh hurried to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where, under the name
of John Jones, he had a fracture of the
nose reduced and a. battered face put in
presentable shape. McAuliffe Is still at
la rtre.
Hit Him "With a Lamp
During a disagreement between E. A.
Collins and his wife in their home at 1*5
Minna street a lamp was hurled by the
woman and the head of the household was
later treated at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital for several severe lacerations of
the scalp. Luckily the lamp was not
lighted, or a tragedy might have been the
result. According to the woman's atory.
words had failed to properly express her
side of a heated argument and she
thought the heavy missile might forcibly
impress upon her husband what she wish
ed to imply. No arrests were made.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 12.— H. M. S. Porpoise has been on- another
adventurous tour through the Islands of the South Pacific. She returned to
Sydney, Australia, a few days before the steamer Miowera sailed from that
port, reporting that the famous disappearing: island of the Tonga group had
again moved up Into the sphere of human vision. It was known as Falcon
Island in the eighties, when the stars and stripes were planted upon It.
The island Is high in the center, which, according to the officers of the
Porpoise, proved that it was the erupted top of a submarine volcano. In 1882
the island was in violent eruption, being overhung by a dense cloud of smoke.
Afterward the island increased rapidly in size and was covered with ¦ vegeta-*
tlon. A few years ago it totally disappeared off the face of the waters and
until two months ago it had literally dropped out of, existence.
The island is a sort of mysterious place, according to the natives, but
they are nevertheless moving back on it and erecting huts around the base
of the central mound.
FAMOUS FALCON ISLAND
AGAIN HEAVES INTO SIGHT
Peter Harkins, a Billposter, Arrested
for Threatening to Kill His
Young Spouse.
Peter Harkins. a billposter, was arrested
yesterday and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of threats to kill. The com
plaining witness Is Harkins' young wife
Delia. She was married when IB years of
ace and is now only 24 and has two chil
dren—a girl five years of age and a boy
of two years.
About eleven months ago Harkins broke
his arm, and the young wife was com
pelled to work to support the family.
When Harkins' arm was all right again
some months ago he refused to go to
work, and his wife finally became tired
of keeping him in food and clothes. There
was a row and she left him, and taking
the children went to livts at 322 Fifth
street.
Since then Harkins. according to his
¦wife, has been persecuting her. and last
Friday, she says, he seized her by the
throat and threatened to kill her and the
children. He repeated his threats
"Wednesday night, and yesterday morning
Mrs. Harkins was forced to ask a police
man to escort her to the City Hall, as she
was mortally afraid of meeting her hus
band. She swore to the warrant for his
arrest before Judge Conlan. and the po
liceman to whom the warrant was given
to serve found Harkins watching the
house where his wife lives.
5
| %ead Our Saturday -Advertisement. %
I Tlfi& §63§@ffl's IWosi I
I important Sales Now* I
fc* Standard Percales 7\c 23c Curtain Chains 5c pair *
Bleached Sheeting 22»G 2 °c Printed Corded Batiste. 12c %
t : 50c Ribbons for. T 19c SOc Wash Cre ™™ %O° i
K on r» r • • ** **0c Bourette Zephyrs 23c j,
j: 20c Dress Linings ..11c %l Embroidered Flannels . 68o %
v 20c Piques 10c Ostrich Fans, that were $1.75 to !i
w 20 2 Jananese Crepes 13c $6.00, now half price,. 3
j$ $1 50 Gloves 89c ,Lace R^bes and Suics, now half Jj
|I 25c Wash Veils 15c j price* "t
V. Tapestry Table Covers 29c Commenced pieces Art Linens, £
fe Cretonne Tab'e Covers 18c that were SOc to $5.00, now 5
g Ladies' 25c Handkerchiefs .. 11c half price* x
j£ And manv mere equally as good offerings. >i
| Chiid's Good Fitting $f -25 Neckwear 83c *
«c Stockings 14c Pair. vo 8 t 7 ibh .&•*# /^fak £
*" x-V S z?s 6 to Wick Lib-rty >$?£^ 0T&L %
h Ai^ 10; extra N«k Riches M% SS S
& Vvt?"V /^ ribbed doable fnl} ' Wlth frfiMi *&& W «
J? £WV^ twsted cot- Plated ties- // I \\ W flfi J,
& Btir/^r */ W We Y»»\ to-day and ffl iX "2
** Kt^.. * •/. far^A and toe; nar- B3 J- O?f S^/^~v5j 5 ED •'
J> **$gr . «n'*l«. mak- ICO stylish All-ai'.k Jabot?, with folded >|
t> ing tbem satin stock co'lars — black, cream, **
£ perfect fit- pink or blue— $1.25 value; to- -j^ \
£> t : ntr. »>re83y acd serviceable — to-dav day and Saturday O*p€? j£
tt $1-65 dozen — pair /4o Rotunda— Main Floor. -5
*£ Second Aisle— Left of Kntrance. V
| Feather Siitch ... 5
| Braids Half Price. Groceries-Liquors j
£ 1000 pieces White Feather Sti'ch Br 3 id ? , I Ghirar ielli's E*gle Sweet GhocolotO £
% assorted patterns 6-vard piece,, worth! „ 77 1Ah P a , cka^' t i Mla - v r", *
I 8c and 12c yard wch-of soecW «le °° J e ? R?'e Oa*S«p. made from x
$ now ......Ac and 66 niece D ch T ripe ton^ oe /' Pi. nt kott!e./5p %
£ Pure Jams and JolIiCS, assorted. .%
V -~ *% m - -v in l- lb e ;asa jars— to-day 2 for* -J
5- lOc Draperies 7g. 25c %
% Gold T.nsel Drapery, for mantel dra- F ' e3h En S lish Miik OrackOPS,\b . '*
ft peries. curtains, cushions, etc.; regu- •—•"• 'yv"(r"WWi~~^"iC"ifw2. I*
£ any lc y*rJ; 1000 yard 5 offered to- fir.eit Cocoanut Taffy C3«r£?S,lb./4o 'm
% dav and to-morrow, psr yard - L»*>bj > DovUoti Ham, J-lb tins- .j
J v • 7C to-day 80 •<
£ Cu'rVa'^'D^a^men't-Maln"^"^;:"' B ° ilcd S " C ° a ***"*-£- »
» day, lb 25c %
\ Small Lots Dress c ,K Wa . n>^..! m l 1 ..^ \
£ Ginghams Gut to 6c\ B ° ur *> on wMsky 9 tvn vuutbot, : ;
t *^~r. , . -r-v r, , . ties, Cjiaiapion, * 6 years old — to-day. .J
$¦ 12oO yards of Dress S:yle Ging- 75o £
£ hams, Crinkled S3ersuckers and; Port or Sherry, well aged, rezn- S
& Madras that were 8jc and 12Jo! - 1 f arl y£ 1 |»|lon-speciai to-day... 7J5o •«
£• , -ii^ Alcohol for burning, fml quart boi- '»
$ yard-on special sale g*^ te-to-day 33c; r gallon $t. 10 %
fc now to close w; Maln noo^p^,.. .«
v P Coiden tfoale Baza a r. *3 *
tf CALIFORNU'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. T{
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.Some of the ill-mated couples of California, who
have found marriage a failure, may find some consola
tion in the fact that the contradictory opinions of
Judges Hebbard and Belcher lend color to the theory
that marriage is not as stable as it might be.
It is now reported that some of the Alaskan In
dians have dug up the war hatchet; and the objection
on the part of the heathen to any further extension of
civilization seems to be growing all over Asia, Africa
Bryan, Stevenson and Towne had a grand rally at
Lincoln the other night, and showed a good deal of
enthusiasm over their nominations, so we may now
consider the campaign in Nebraska to be wide open.
We would advise no man in good business to go
to Nome on a venture, but Golonel Bryanwould do
better to go there and work for gold than to stay
at home and yell /or free silver. . •
One of our local judges is convinced that we ought
to have a national law governing marriage. Under
such a law what in the world would become of our
Sulu fellow citizens?
DEMOCRACY, WHERE fiRT THOU?
THERH has been what may be called a carnival
of ratification in Lincoln. Colonel Bryan and
Mr. Stevenson have been ratified and ratifying
three t:mc- a <hy. morning, afternoon and evening!.
They ha\e hern ably assisted by Cyclone Davis of
Texas. J. Webster Davis of Missouri. General Tame.
}'.. Weaver of Iowa, ar.d Hon. C. A. Towne of Minne
sota. Al] of the-^ gentlemen have tnndc speeches,
gestures, sipns r.tid tokens to the populace. They
have settled and adjusted the policy of the party, the
nation and t?ie world for prncnitior.s to come, and
Bryan and have foregathered with them on
terms of hob and nob. Stevenson has said twice that
he must not say too much in the presence of the nevt
President of the United States, and Colonel Bryan
has told of !io.v awe-inspiring it is to stand before the
next Vice President.
All this is finer than silk, but where are the Demo
crats? Cyclone Davis is a Texas Populist, a promi
rent competitor of Boreas, god of the winds. Weaver
i> a Populi«t. J. Webster Davis is a Republican, who
carries with him a turbid and tropical vocabulary, and
fc.-.c joined three who denounce the army and navy
because McKmley would r.ot employ both in the
IWr war. Mr. Towne is a Silver Republican.
Where are the Democrats? The feast of ratification
and fiow of prat ific.it ion at Lincoln are Populistic,
Silver Republican and J. Webster Davisian rather
than Democratic
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO THE PHILIPriNES-P. H., Berke
ley. Cal. Books sent by mall from the
United States, not exceeding four pounds
in weight ln a package, and a headache
remedy sent by the same means, provided
it is packed according to postal regula
tions, are not subject to customs dutj-.
HOT SPRINGS— S. M., City. The popu
lation of Hot. Springs. Ark., is about S500.
The place is the capital of Garland Coun
ty, and it derives its name from the
thermal springs there, some of which
have a temperature of 150 degrees of heat.
They are visited by Invalids suffering
froin rheumatism and from cutaneous af-
fcotions. Thfi springs do not belong to the
United States Government.
SI^TKKN TO ONE— J. S. and N. N..
City. The following from the .United
State? Treasury circular No. 123 gives the
following explanation of 16 to 1: The
phrase "16 to 1." as applied to coinage,
means that the mint value of sixteen ounces
of silver shall be equal to the mint value
of one ounce of gold; that it?. ?Kit sixteen
ounces of silver shall be colnable into as
many silver dollars as one ounce of gold
is coinable into standard silver dollars.
CRIBBAGE-T. W., Pike City. Cal. If
in a game of crlbbage "A claims that
making fifteen counts two and playing
the last card of the deal entitles him to
one more point, three in all," his claim
is correct. If he also claim3 that "in
making 31 he is not entitled to more than
two, but that in playing the last card of
the last deal he is entitled to one more
for last card," he is also correct as to
that.
PEDRO— S. O. Y. R.. City. This corre
spondent writes: "A, B and C are playing
pedro. In the last deal A has two to go,
B has one to go. and C has four to go.
C has the sell. A offers two. B buys for
three, which makes A two to go, B one
to go and C one to go. B has ace. deuce
and pedro, which he makes. C makes
game. Which one wins. B or C?" The
count is high, low, jack, game and pedro.
,Apply that rule and you have the answer.
JHINA-JAPaN WAR— A. R.. City. The
declaration of the Chinese-Japanese war
was on the 3d of August. 1SD4, and the
treaty of peace was signed on the 17th of
April. 1S&5.
BLIND MAN AT THE RUDDER-A. B.
X., City. This correspondent wants to
know who was the author of the lines:
\V> have read 'in the lore of long aso.
That A symbol of this life below
Is a boat with palsied men to row
And a blind man at the rudder.
Can any of the readers of this depart
ment furnish the desired information?
PENSIOKS CLAIMS— J. D. D., Oakland
Cal. There 'was introduced at the last
held session of Congress an aged pension
bill fixing certain amounts for certain
ages and having no bearing on other pen
sions, but it did not become a law. The
bill that you refer to in your letter of la-
CALIF0BNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, July 12.— J. J. Moore of
San Francisco is at the Arlington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 12.— II. S. Xathan of
San Francisco is at the Holland: K. S.
Valentine of Fresno is at the Hoffman:
Robert Robertson of Santa Cruz is at the
Astor; Alfred A. Rau of S;in Francisco is
at the Plaza; John S. Merrill of San Fran
cisco is at the Netherland.
WILL the British empire establish a protective
tariff for the benefit of the colonies against the
world? That is a question that is rapidly rising
to be an important one in British politics. It has
been under discussion for some years, but was never
given any great prominence until the outburst of the
new imperial sentiment caused by the South African
war. Since that time, however, it has been taken up
both in the mother country and in the colonies, and
is developing considerable strength.
At the recent congress of the Chambers of Com
merce of the empire the subject engaged most of the
attention of the meeting. The colonial representatives
as a rule were strongly~in favor of it. while those from
the famous free trade cities of Manchester and Bir
mingham were opposed to it. The chief speech was
that of President Ritchie of the Imperial Board of
Trade. He spoke with official responsibility and was
guarded in his utterances, hut said enough to show a
willingness to take some steps toward satisfying the
colonies. He is reported by the London Chronicle
as saying: "He believed that tlie days of the strict
free trade Manchester school were passing away. He
did not want to mislead them. He did not want them
to infer that this country was likely to depart from
this free trade policy, but he thought, putting a rea
sonable construction on this policy, there might yet
be closer commercial connection in the future than
at present exists within the empire, and he hoped it
might be brought about without the sacrifice of the
fundamental principles of free trade, which have
guided the commercial policy of this country for so
many years past."
After an elaborate discussion there was adopted n
j resolution declaring: ''That this congress urp;es upon
her Majesty's Government the appointment bj- them
of a Royal Commission, composed of representatives
of Great Britain and her colonies and India, to con
sider the possibilities of increasing and strengthening
the trade relations between the different portions of
thi empire ; and that the chair nominate a representa
tive deputation to wait upon the Premier, the Secre
tary of State for the Colonies and the president of the
Hoard of Trade, and lay the question fully before
i thorn."
The British manufacturers would of course like to
have a protected market for themselves in the colo-
I nies. but they are hardly willing to grant protection
for colonial goods in return. Cheap raw materials
and cheap food are necessities tor people of the
mother country, and it will require very strong rea
sons to induce them to put a protective tax upon such
nrticle*. That is the view of the case taken by the
Chronicle itself, and iii commenting upon the resolu
lion.and the debate it says: "There is. of course, no
reason why the commercial bonds which unite us to
the colonies should not be drawn more tightly, ex
cept the implied expectation qn the part of the colo
rte«: that a close ring shall be formed excluding out
siders. This is all very well for the colonies, who oc
cupy the place of producers, hut England is a nation
of consumers. By no possibility can we feed our
j selves, and all the articles we require are not to be
j had as abundantly and as cheaply from the colonies
ns from foreign countries. In discriminating aj?ain«t
those countries, therefore, we raise the price of the
food we eat ourselves and of the raw material we re
quire for our manufactures. In refusing cheap sugar
we diminish the amount of nourishment obtainable by
BRITISH IMPERIAL TRADE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
\ '
Z. H. Rubenstein, a Grass Valley mer
chant, is at the Grand.
Dr. B. B. Cory, a prominent dentist of
Fresno, is registered at the Grand.
J. R. Foster, the well-known hotel man
of Marysville, Is a guest at the Lick.
A. W. Simpson, the wealthy lumberman
of Stockton, is registered at the Occidilnt
al.
Benjamin P. Barker, manager of the
Olivina vineyard, Llvermore, is stopping
at the Palace.
Captain Henry Reed of the Thirty-sec
ond United States Infantry, is at the Oc
cidental on his way to Manila.
Frank T. West and Ben F. Kittredge of
the firm of George West & Son. Stockton,
two of the greatest producers of sweet
wines and brandies ln the United States,
are in the city.
George R. Fletcher, superintendent of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, has returned
from his Eastern trip. During his travels
he inspected several modern columba
rium?, with the view of adding increased
facilities to the present building in the
cemetery.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
SAN FRANCISCO musicians will be
glad to hear that C. L. Graff has In
cluded this city ln his Itinerary for
the next concert season. It will be
remembered that Mr. Graff Is the en
terprisingr impresario who brought
out Walter Damrosch and his very suc
cessful Wagner lectures last year. Mr.
Graff will present Mme. Sembrich this sea
son, an opera singer of the very foremost
rank, who by reason of constant engage
ment with the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany has hardly been heard outside of
New York.
Mme. Sembrich. who Is perhaps oftener
than any other singer compared with the
jrreat diva Patti, is almost as great an
artist An the piano as she is vocally. She
will be heard here ln many favorite op
eras, including "The Barber." "Don Pas
quale," "Rigoletto," "Traviata." "Lucia"
and others. Mme. Sembrich will be sup
ported by an admirable company drawn
from the ranks of the artists with whom
she is now performing ln Berlin, as far as
possible.
The leading barytone. Signor Bensaude.
at present singing ln the Covent Garden
Theater. London, has already been en
gaged by Mr. Graff. Signor Bevignani
will conduct, and a full chorus and or
chestra, together with complete costumes
and scenery, will also be brought across
the continent. The Graff tour will extend
from New York to San Francisco, and the
company will also be heard ln the princi
pal cities of Canada.
Andrea Dippel. the distinguished tenor,
has also been engaged by Mr. Graff for a
concert tour after the opera season, with
Mme. Gadski.
Sigmund Beel. the fa\-orite Calif ornlan
violinist, is now in London. He ha 3 been
playing in concert at Albert Hall with
great success.
Donald Bean of San Francisco Is now
studying in Paris.
Miss Dorothy Goodsell Is staying at Ben
Lomond for a short season and will then
go to Belvedere with Mrs. and Miss Vir
ginia Goodsell to spend a week in a house
boat.
F. Dellepiane gave a spert.il service la?t
Sunday evening at Plymouth Congrega
tional Church. The music performed was
all of the organist's own composition an«l
was much enjoyed. Mr. Dellepiane Is now
taking a vacation at Ben Lomond.
¦ ? ¦
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN,
"I noticed that Ughtninjr struck the Chi
cago River last Tuesday."
"I'll bet that's a case where lightning
never strikes twice in the same place."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
It was Mrs. Selldom-Holme's first at
tempt to play jrolf.
"The caddie is behind you." some ona
said, seeing that she hesitated.
"I don't want the caddie." she said "I
am looking for the interpreter." — Chicago
Tribune. •
"Nay. madam, the day I married you I
gave you the key of my heart."
"Ye?, and then you went right off and
had the lock changed."— Brooklyn Life.
Mr. Grimble— These scientists never
know when to stop, confound them!
Mrs. Grimble — One of them. I see has*
taught a monkey to play a four-hand
piece on the piano.— Brooklyn Life.
"That plumber is awfully s!ow l n com
lnp to nx our pipeW ra
"Yes; but I'll lock up and go off th'<»
afternoon: that will fetch him fast
enough." — Minneapolis Journal.
"Miss Bunk says she feels as free a« a
bird in her rainy-day skirt." a
"Well, she looks like a jay."— Chicago
HELPING HIM OUT
"And George gained your father's eon
"Oh. yes; there was never anv au*«tmr.
SpSft..?*""* knew lo ° m " c8
"Wha could have told Mm'"
"I did."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
grounds"for complaint
Mrs. Starvem-You don't seem to Hk«
your coffee this raornlns. Mr. SlcW
seUl"ed OPay ~ N °" U d ° n>t Seem to " hav «
Mrs. Starvem— Well. Mr Sloniv x-«,,
may not like the coffee Tbut the eoflw
like you.-Phil a delphia Press: C ° ffce 3
taking big ehanees," nl^sSlnT rl'
LTTTT.E GIRL'S COSTUME
The costume represented is of tartan
poplin, the front epaulettes and apron
being of cream white cloth. The vest la
in flat pleats. The waistband Is of the
poplin, narrow and draped.
¦ » ¦
APPRENTICES WANTED
IN THE VARIOUS MINTS
Civil Service Examination of Metal
lurgists and Chemists for a
Life Tenure Position.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on August 1 an
examination will be held in this and other
cities for the position of apprentice in
the operating department of the United
States Mint at Philadelphia. San Fran
cisco and New Orleans and the United
States Assay Office in New York City.
Applicants must be graduates In metal
lurgy and chemistry from technical
schools of recognized standing. The term
of apprenticeship is three years after
which the employe shall be eligible for
appointment to a permanent position in
the operating department In which the
term of service has been served
Applicants should applv at once to th«»
R?fe&§£2£2 SBWS*£5 Commission
at .^V-- ! 2iL ton - r> ;» c " for forms Nos. 304
and 3,o. The certificate of graduation a
thesis upon metallurgy-, chemistry, me*
cnanlcs or some other appropriate topic
and Papers of recommendation from offi
cers of th«j schools from which they grad
uated must be filed with the application
California College of Pharmacv.
The annual meeting of the College of
Pharmacy was held yesterday at the Af
filiated Colleges buildings on Parnassus
avenue. The meeting was void of public
Importance further than the election of
officers, which resulted in a renewal of the
terms of the members of the present
board. They are: President. O. £ Bar
ke S :^ treas ?J er ,-r E - WMte; secretary
and dean. \V. M. Searby; directors F A
Beckett. G. E. Bacon. J. H. Dawgon E
£ E. at £*£. hn CalVert ' Val s ± hmi *t and
THE CHARLESTON CONFERENCE.
IZZ^ ROM every point of view it is gratifying
that the attendance upon the National Ed
ucational Association Convention at Charles
ton is sufficiently large and notable to render
the gathering one of the most influential of its
kind. The Southern leaders have made earnest
efforts in the cause of public education since the
war, and have achieved much success; but they
have been heavily handicapped by the poverty of their
States, the indifference of many of the poor whites
to the advantages of education, and the necessity of
maintaining two sets of schoolst one for whites and
one for blacks. Thus the South is far behind other
sections of the Union in school matters, and the peo
ple there need every encouragement which can be
given them in their educational work.
At the recent conference on "Education at the South,"'
! held at Capon Springs, West Virginia, much stress
was laid upon the backward condition of the schools
and collegers of that section and the large percentage
of illiteracy among the people. In the six New Eng
j land States and in New York, New Jersey and Penn
sylvania, the average illiteracy in 1800 among the
native white population over ten years of age was
i only 2.31, and among the colored population 21.71.
At the same period in the Southern States the per
centage of illiteracy was:
Whito. Colored.
Alabama 1S.4J CP.OS
Arkansas 16.5t> TA.do
Florida 11.31 50 5S
Georgia 16.51 f?7.27
Louisiana 2.1.3.J 72.14
Mississippi : 11.92 eo.Pl
North Carolina 23.10 **O.0l
South Carolina 1S.11 64.07
Tennessee *. . 17.PS 54.22
Texas 8.2S 52.50
Virginia 13.9S 57.21
From the contrast between the statistics for the
New England and the Middle States and those for
the South it will be seen how far the Southern peo
ple have to progress in school matters before they
are abreast with the rest of the republic. Fortunately
the outlook is encouraging. As was stated at the
Capon conference by the Rev. G. S. Dickerman of
New Haven:
Much more Interest Is shown among Southern teach
i pts In the onmlnp National Educational Association
I meotlnjr In Charleston than among: Northern teachers.
| The educational spirit is abroad in the land, and schools
are discussed in hotels and on cars and steamboats;
larger appropriations are asked and granted, and the
' school is eominjr «o bo looked upon as a. defense against
I the disorders of society and the promoter of gonsral
j prosperity.
The dignity and importance of the convention at
Charleston will of course aid in stimulating Southern
interest in educational problems, and the Northern
educators who at this season of the year have gone
i to that far Southern city to attend the convention.
I arc doing a valuable service to the republic — a service
j which the citizens of Charleston have given ample
j evidence of appreciating.
THE SULLIVAN ESTATE CflSE
BY the confession of Chretien the charges of The
Call concerning the conspiracy to take posses
sion of the estate oi Joseph Suilivan have been
proven beyond a doubt. That coniession. however,
was r.ot needed to ?ti5tain the charges. It came,
in fact, because the charge* had been proven by ample
testimony, and because further attempts at conceal
ment would have been futile. The only value of the
confession is that it completes the exposure of the
crime and reveals the thoroughness of the victory
which The Call has obtained in its efforts for justice.
Now that the exposure has been made and full
proof of the crime hr.s been brought forward, the
work of The Call in the case is closed. It is for the
bench and the bar to determine what shail next be
done, and what punishment shall be inflicted upon the
gt: ; Ity parties. Against none of the persons involved
in the conspiracy has The Call any personal animosity.
It has no prejudice or spite to serve in prosecuting
them. What it did in exposing the conspiracy was
done solely in the interests of justice and for the pub
lic welfare. It has. therefore, nothing further to add
to the affair than to point out how imperative it is
for the court to sec to it that the guilty parties be
brought to answer for their crimes with all possible
promptness.
The people of California have confidence in their
courts. They are aware how grave would be the peril to
society if that confidence were destroyed, and nothing
will be done by the people or by the leKitimffte press
that represents public sentiment to weaken the popu
lar belief in the essential justice of court proceedings.
It is not to be denied, however, that much has been
«lone by the bar and by the bench to lead to wide
spread suspicions of injustice and malpractice. Many
an cstntc has been so wasted in our courts as to con
stitute a serious scandal, and it is well known that
• again and afrain there have been open charges of fraud
in such matters.
An impressive illustration of the ext'ent to which
suspicion lias attached to probate matters in this city
was rfTorded by the statement made by Joseph S.'
Tobin, attorney for the Hibcrnia Bank, in submitting
the records of the bank as evidence in the case. He
is quoted as having said that he wished the court to
understand that the bank had answered only through
courtesy the summons to bring the records into
court, and not to create a precedent for further de
mands, because the bank had found it absolutely
necessary to keep tucta records away from the
eyes of scheming lawyers eager to obtain information
which would enable them to steal estates.
A statement of that kind is not to be pa^cd over
lightly. It come* from a responsible source and in
timates that the robbing of the estates of the dead is
something of a practice nniong certain kinds of prac
titioners at the bar. It goes far to confirm suspicions
raided by many developments in noted cases that are
ftill fresh in the minds of men. and can hardly fail
to serve the bench and the bar as a warning of the ex
tent to which court proceedings have lost the confi
dence of careful business men.
If there be any business intrusted to them of which
Judges shou'd be more careful than usual it is that
of estates of the dead whose heirs arc absent and not
ab'e to defend their interest?. The robbing of Mich
estates by fraudulent practices tinder the form? of law
and by members of the bar is one of the pravest of
offences apsinct society. The exposure of such wrongs
is one of the most important services a newspaper can
render a community, and the punishment of the crime
is a re*nr>n«ibil»ty which a hitrli sense of dutv will
compel the bench and the bur alike to carry out in the
spirit of the words of Grant. "Let no guilty mail es
cape."
(Etc -t^Hlfre ®aU._
FRIDAY..' J UL Y 13- >ooo
• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addiess All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
M A * 4LCEtt*» OFFICE --^j^ • ~T*Ic|»fco»e I»re»« »M
I'l IIL1CATIO.\ OFnn:..IIIiirk<-l «»•«! Tblrcl. S. F.
Tclr|»hon«' l'r«« -01.
1 DITOIllAI, ROOMS 2«7 in 221 Sterenaon St.
1'clrtilinn' 1 !»•*«¦ — <>2.
Delivered liy Cnrrlern, 13 Vt-nim Ter WeeU.
mukIo « «>i.!«-«. r. Cents.
Trrmn l.y .Mall. Inrlndinc I*o«tnjrei
r>AII,T <A1>I, flTir!ti<!!nB Fun.'av). on* year t«.W
DAILY CAIX <:nc!ud!ne Kur.day). C months S.W
1>A!LY CAM. OnclurMnc Sunday), 3 months 1.60
2)AII~Y CAL.l»— By Sinel* Month «5°
et*NI»AT CALL Oc Yw .. J-JJ
WKHKLT CALX. One Year *- w
All puiduBitrri nrr jintliorlr.ed to recelre
nalinrriptlonn.
! i~i)» erple« will be forwarded when r*<;tie»ted.
ouil.AM) OFFICE HI* nroBdwny
POLITICAL PARASITES.
UPON every political party that has any chance of
success at the polls. a gang of hungry parasites
attaches itself. As the chances for power and
patronage increase the number and the voracity of the
parasites increase. Thus it is inevitable that as the
Republican party in San Francisco has now ever}'
prospect of electing every ticket it puts in the field,
the number of scheming and greedy self-seekejs at
taching themselves to it should be large.' In fact, so
rhariy of these hangers on, taxeaters and boodlers
have fastened here and there upon the party that
their presence constitutes a serious menace to the wel
fare of the organization. They lessen the chances of
that very victory by which they hope to profit.
Chief among the dangerous parasites, of the party
i* the saloon following of toughs and touts under the
bossdom of Crimmins and Kelly. The two bosses are
vcrj willing to make use of any kind of tool that can
be serviceable to the purposes they have in view. It
mntters nothing to them whether the gang are Repub
licans or not so long as they can be enrolled in Re
publican clubs and have the privilege of voting for
officers. Any kind of a vote that will help the bosses
to elect a delegate to the county convention suits
them. They arc in politics not for "the principle of
the thing," nor for their health. They are "out for
the stuff" and "in for the spoils," and if any induce
ment were offered them would as soon knife the
party ticket on election day as help it.
Ample evidence has been given that the people of
San Francisco will not any longer submit to boss
domination, and will oppose any ticket that is sus
pected of being dominated or nominated by the bosses
of the ward gangs. The very appearance of the
saloon push and pull at a Republican convention
would weaken the whole ticket. Nothing is to be
gained by compromising with a set of men whose
very profession of being Republicans is itself compro
mising to the party. What would it profit Republi
canism to make terms with Crimmins and Kelly and
lose the support of hundreds of independent voters
who will not tolerate boss politics? x
This is a Republican year. Public sentiment is
overwhelmingly for McKinley and Roosevelt on the
platform of prosperity against Bryan and Stevenson
on ?. platform of calamity and denunciation. It may
be that some Republicans are sanguine that the favor
with which the national ticket is regarded is so strong
that it will carry the local tickets to victory even if
yellow dogs be permitted to dominate them. If such
sanguine expectations exist., the sooner they are
abandoned the better. San Francisco Republicanism
is strong enough to carry almost anything just now.
but it cannot carry Crimmins and Kelly farther than
the nearest dumping-ground, slaughter-house or
graveyard.
OUR ATTITUDE IN CHIN0.
THE country will be highly gratified by the an
nouncement of the position of the United States
in the current troubles in China. Secretary Hay
ratifies the world that we are there simply to protect j
the life and property of our citizens, and that this is I
our right under the treaties with China, and that we j
will not only not participate in a partition of that em- J
pirc. and the destruction of its polity, but will look t
upon such a proceeding with disfavor. Mindful of
our duty to cur citizens and the maintenance of our
treaty rights, we could do no Jess; and mindful of
justice, and the international rights of the Chinese
empire, we could not with decency and self-respect do j
more.
It is well to say to the critics of the administration
that from their ranks issue the-most cries against the
foreign policy of our Government directed to the pro
tection of its citizens abroad. They arc the people
who foment discontent in home politics by lamenting
daily and without ceasing the weakness of our policy j
abroad. Within the last thirty years this style of criti- j
cism has been heard about affairs in the Spanish
West Indies, in Guatemala, in Brazil, in Russia and
elsewhere on the face of the earth where proper re
spect for the rights of our citizens abroad has failed
oi observance.
These decriers of their own Government have been
at the same time ready, as they prove to be now.^o.
raise a still louder outcry against the employment of
a fleet and an army to enforce the rights of our people.
They forget that in dealing in such matters with
other nations no heed is paid to any request of that
kind unless the delinquent Government is aware that
we huve not only the fleets and the forces to back our
demand, but that we will not hesitate to use them. To
do this we must have them ready for use. But when
this is proposed the finical advocates of a vigorous
foreign policy cry out against a standing army, and
prolessionally shake in their shoe leather about mili
tarism and the destruction of our liberties by an army!
According to their divergent theories and discordant
cries, the protection of our citizens abroad is incom
patible with the enjoyment of liberty at home.
This Chinese affair has offered an opportunity to
exhibit this policy. If the administration sat still and
did nothing the echoes would have roared back the
howling of this class of men. denouncing their Gov
ernment for its F.upineness while Americans were
being murdered, drawn and quartered by Mongol bar
barians. But the Government acted with promptness,
firmness and excellent judgment.
President McKinley made it plain that \ve were
armed and in China not as aggressors, nor with an
ultimate purpose to aggrandize territory, nor for any
secondary motive whatever, but simply to protect our
people domiciled there in pursuance of treaty rights.
Already the cry is abroad that President McKinley
is making war upon China without authority of Con
gress that he is a '"Dictator." an "Emperor,'* and all
such driveling rot.
It is probable that so far as the excited Chinese
mob is able to discriminate, the strong and temper
ate attitude of the Pres ; dcnt, its perfect justice and its
respect for the polity and position of China, will be
found to have saved the lives of Americans there
when the people of the carving-knife nations have
been sacrificed.
There is no doubt that the slaughter of the German
Minister was caused by Chinese rage at the lawless ag
gression of Germany on the Gulf of Pcchili.
The President and Secretary Hay have acted with
the greatest wisdom in a sudden emergency, and the
position they have c.~.used this Government to take
has made a deep impression upon the policy of othe
rations.
our poorer classes. We fear, therefore, we can hardly
go all the way with the colonies in the prosecution of
these aims."'
CHANGED STEEDS.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FBII>AY, JULY 13, 1900.
6
Hill TMnte It's a Case for the Society for me Mention of Crnelty to Animals.
—New Tork Tribune.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
quiry was the amendment passed June 27,
1S90, which provides that if there is more
than one disability, but any one alone is
not sufficient to establish a claim, then
the several disabilities may be grouped
in a claim for pension.
CaL glace fruit SOc pe- n> at Townsend'*.'
information «applled dally to
business houses and public men bT t>*
AUCTION SALES.
By Ernil Cohn— This cay. «t 11 o'clock. Furnltur*. at 1728
Wark'.-t ftreet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alrazar-"Ojmillr"
< Jrjihi-uir.— Vaui>vl!lP.
<Jr«n<J Opera - h> >us<e— ' "Til P Danclne Otrl."
<^!uTnb:a^-"A Iklarriaee of Convenience."
<"r!!forWs—"A Contacted Woman."
T!vnii-"Th« Oeisfaa."
Olympic, corner Mason anl irddy ptreet*— Specialties.
<;hute». Zoo «n<l Thcat<>r— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«ver.ln£.
Placber"*— "Marthm.**
IVcnch ICftUea&l CdebMtion-At the Chutes. Saturday. July
34.
F^i'.ro Pnths — O: on Nlehti. vXellie Raymond, who stolo Amy Silvey's
gold eyeglasses from 451 Jessie street and
was detected by Viola foster, tho colored
Amazon, appeared before Judge Conlan
for sentence yesterday. The Judee said
there was no excuse, for — Nellie, and
sentenced her- to serve fpur months in the
County Jail. •
"William Rayhill has sued Mary Banknw
sky, Otto turn Suden and Edward - "\V.
\Vilitams, clerk of the Justices' Court, to
restrain the defendants from Issuing or
causing an execution to issue under a
iudjrin^nt rendered by Justice of tho
Peace Kerrigan against the plaintiff, Ray
hill for $50. Plaintiff alleges that Justice
Kcrrican was misled by the defendants,
who lie says, presented false minutes of
the court proceedings to the Judge, who
based his opinion thereon.
Says Minutes Were False.
Yes Tong Look, an Immigrant, Be
coines Despondent and Com-
mits Suicide in Jail.
Yee Tong Look, a Chinaman who had
been denied a landing by Customs Col
lector Jackson, committed suicide last
Wednesday night by hanging himself to
the wicket of his cell in the County Jail
on Broadway. The discovery was made
bv three Chinese prisoners who occupied
the same cell with him. Their Outcries
attracted the attention of the jail officials,
who. upon examining the body, found that
the man nnd been dead for several hours.
Look's attorney had procured a writ of
habeas corpus on his behalf on June 27.
alleging that the Chinaman was a native
of California. The Chinaman was thought
to* be mentally deranged, for he had at
tempted suicide once before by jumping
into the bay from the steamer alongside
the Mall dock.
CHINESE, DENIED LANDING,
STRANGLES HIMSELF
That this great industry might not bo
crippled for a moment, through the cour
tesy of other prominent firms and citizens
the large factory and adjoining buildings
on South street were vacated for the ben
efit of the Swamp Root people, and pos
session was taken immediately, and here,
by Monday. July 8. this new, temporary
factory was lurning out Swamp Root,
the great Kidney Remedy, in quantities
of about 00.000 bottles per flav, and in two
or three weeks' time the. full capacity of
more than four times that amount will be
produced. The immense demand for
Swamp Root will thus in no way be in
terfered with. '.
On the old site, with adjoining property
which has just been purchased, will be
erected Immediately an absolutely, fire
proof six-story structure, plans for which
have been -nearly completed.
The fire at Hinghamton. K. Y.. which de
stroyed the Immense Swamp Root medir
cine plant of Dr. Kilmer & Co., July 1,
was the most disastrous which has ever
occurred in that city. However, the Kil
mers resumed business next morning,
though not at the old stand, which is a
heap of smoldered ashes. While the fire
men were yet pouring water on the burn
ing Chenango street establishment the
Kilmers were arranging to do business
somewhere else.
Loss, Half a Million— Fully
Insured — Will Re
build at Once ,
THE KILMER
FACTORY
There wero serious doubts in many
minds even at the beginning of the pres
ent generation that the barriers of moun
tains, swamps and rivers could be over
come. Daniel Webster, despite his pow
ers of prophecy, vigorously opposed the
absorption of Washington Territory into
the Union, contending that the term of a
representative from that remote region
woujd expire before he could reach the
national capital.
The building of railroads progressed
rapidly in the United States. In 1S2S
Charles Carroll, last surviving signer of
the Declaration of Independence, laid the
first rail of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
way. In IS30 there were twenty-three
miles of railroad. Te-day. seventy years
later, there are tnough miles of railroad
in the republic, counting, terminals and
sidings, to build a, track from this planet
to the moon, with 6000 miles left over. It
is difficult to realize what this enormous
mileage of railroads means. It has open-
Early in the century, amid the clamor
ing for better highways, there were tho
demonstrations and prophecies of a few
men of genius who had dabbled In steam
and felt the throb of the power that was
to harness the world's trallic to elemental
forces, overthrow the customs of cen
turies and bring men and nations closer
together.
If this were an account of the develop
ment of transportation, rather than a gen
eral review of the growth of means and
methods of communication, more par
ticular attention might be oaid to the
achievements of Oliver Evans, who de
voted a lifetime of unappreciated effort to
the proposition that steam might be made
to furnish motive power to boats and
wagons; to John Filch, who propelled his
steam craft on the Delaware: to Robert
Fulton and to Stephenson: but only Inci
dental mention can be made of the build
ing of railways and steamships, although
they are perhaps the most important ele
ment in the system of communication.
distant "Stony Mountains" of Louisiana
would ever t$ke their seats In the capito!
nt Washington. And yet there came a
time when, at the darkest hour In all our
history, the building ot transcontinental
railroads was advocated as a means of
binding the East to the West; and we of
this day have witnessed the marriage of
these great sections by the strong bonds
of steel, which span the continent from
the Atlantic to the Pacific.
The court refused to award punitive
damages in the sum of $1000. as prayed
for. for tho reason that the employe is
personally punishable for the crime of
sending the forpred telegram, and the com
pany should not be punished for that of
which it is not guilty.
Vlewfngr the facts of the case at bar In the
llKht of the doctrines above enunciated, it Is
Kpparent that, although the act of Mtnkler In
?tallty exceeded the scope of his employment
as contemplated by his employer. It was an act
which would have been lawful If it had been
honest: it was committed while he was en-
KHRed in nnd about the business assigned to
him, and It w-as by reason of such assignment
and the charater of the duties he was re
quired to perform that he was enabled with the
assiFtance of a confederate to commit the fraud
upon the plaintiff. • * •
Under such circumstances as these. If the
principal could secure immunity from the
fraudulent acts of Its agent, tho <'onfldenr"e and
security necessarily rejxiscd in the operations
of telegraph eomp.-inles would he utteriy de
stroyed and their services In transactions of
Importance rendered worthless, as public cor
porations of that character would serve as a
too ready means of subterfuge for the weak and
criminal- minded.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow de
cided yesterday that a telegraph com
pany must make good the money paid by
a bank on a ftyged telegram sent by one
of the company s employes. The case was
that of the Bank of Palo Alto against the
Pacific Postal Telegraph Cable Company
to recover $840 paid on a forged telegram,
?23 34 expenses, $250 attorney fees and $1000
punitive damages. Judge Morrow award
ed all the sums asked except the $1000
punitive damages.
The facts are these: On December 27,
189S. the Bank of Palo Alto received a dis
patch dated from Los Angeles, the body
of which .read as follows:
Please pay Harry L. Cato JS40. Waive iden
tification. We remit to-day.
FARMERS' AND MERCHANTS' BANK.
The money was paid by the bank to
Cator, who was a confederate of L.ee D.
Minkler, an operator In the San Francisco
ofiice of the defendant. Minkler was
proved to be the author of the forged tele
gram sent to the bank.
In rendering his decision Judge Morrow
said that the first question to be deter
mined was whether under the facts of the
case the telegraph company was respon
sible for the wrongful act of its employe
In sending the false telegram. After re
citing the facts in the case the decision
goes on to state: \
' Plaintiff contends that tile defendant Is
responsible for these acts of Minkler under the
law as contained in article 2338 of the Civil
Code of California. This section provides that
unles-s required by or under the authority of
law to employ that particular agent, a prlncl
ral is responsible to third persons for the negli
gence ctf his agent in the transaction of the
business of the agency, including wrongful acts
committed by such agent in and as a part of
th# transaction of surh business.
Judge Morrow then cited several similar
cases in which telegraph companies were
held responsible, using the following lan
guage:
Where the business with which the agent Is
Intruftefl Involves a fluty owed by the master
to the public or third persons. If the- agent,
while so employed, by his own wrongful act
occasions n violation of that duty or an Injury
to the pprson lntereft^d in its faithful per
formance by or on behalf of the master, the
master Is liable for the breach of It, whether it
be founded In contract or be a common law
duty growing out of the relations of the par
ties. ' And it is immaterial In such case that
the. wrongful act of the servant is in itself will
ful, malicious or fraudulent. • • •
Must Make Good the Losses Sus
tained on Account of the Wrong
doing of a Trusted
Employe.
Judge Morrow Holds the
Company Liable for
a Forgery.
THE BKITISH SHIP MISTLEY HALL AFTER AN ENCOUNTER WITH A CAPE HORN
HURRICANE.
NOBLE SHRINERS
TO JOURNEY TO
HAWAIIAN ISLES
Pilgrims Will Sail for Hon
olulu on the Zea
landia.
Midst the Sulphurous Fumes of the
Hilo Crater Novitiates of Ha
waii Will Undergo JHys
tic Initiation.
The pilgrims of Islam Temple. Ancient
Arabic Order Noble Mystic ; Shrine, will
make Honolulu their Mecca on October 9.
They go there on the Zealandia at the
invitation of the Hawaiian Islamites to
establish a new temple and to initiate
several new members.
At a meeting held on Wednesday night in
Golden Gate Hall the Mystics discussed
the question of the excursion and decided
unanimously in favor of it. Potentate
Hurlbut was authorized to appoint com
mittees to contribute toward the success
ful carrying out of the proposed excur
sion. John D. Spreckels is a prominent
member of Islam Temple and will accom
pany his Mystic brethren on their trip.
The Zealandia will convey the Nobles to
their goal, and as a measure of prepara
tion for the trip she has been placed on
the dry dock to undergo a thorough over
hauling.
The steamship company has graciously
granted the excursionists privilege to sail
on a regular steamer October 3, provided
return trip is made on the Zealandia, and
likewise permission to remain at the isl
ands to return on regular boat without
extra charge.
The inducements for Shriners to make
this trip, aside from .the general and well
known attractions in the Hawaiian group,
is the welcome wnlch will be extended
them by the resident nobility, who have
generously subscribed to a $2U.tXK) fund ex
clusively lor entertainment purposes. The
Honolulu Nobles will give the glad hand
to all visiting Nobles and their ladies,
and will treat them to a series of bewil
dering delights, the memory of which will
abide with them forever.
Further particulars of this excursion
may be obtained of the. potentate, R. P.
Hurlbut, 529 Farrott building.
The Zealandia will go to' Honolulu via
Hilo, where the excursionists will disem
bark for an ascent to the Volcano House,
thirty miles distant from the coast, where
they will -abide two days." While at the
crater of the volcano the initiation of a
large number of candidates will be in or
der. The descent into the crater will be
made by a mechanical slide extending
some six hundred feet into the cavernous
depths of the mountain, where the sands
are blisteringly hot. While these ceremo
nies are on the ladies of the party will
be suitably entertained in the capacious
parlors of the Volcano House, far re
moved from the sulphurous fumes of the
mountain, which at one time in the yes
terday of the world was all aflame.
At the close of the rites and ceremo
nies nt this point the steamer will sail
and will in due season introduce the
Shriners to the delights of Honolulu.
Ship masters who went to Nome are not
faring well. Private advices received by
the San Juan Ktate that Captain White-,
side who went north on the I,uella. is
dead- that Captains Green and Copan of
the wrecked bark Alaska were seriously
ill with typhoid fever, and that Captain
Morine of"the wrecked barkentine Cather
ine Sudden was in the hospital suffering
from cancer of the throat.
The gasoline launch Norwood was in
trouble last Wednesday night. She had a
warty of thirteen aboard and broke down
in Carqulnez Straits. She was drifting
around helplessly when the steamer Caro
line picked her up and towed her to San
Francisco.
The schooner Oceania Vance was pur
chased by Walter Scammell last Wednes
day and "was sold again yesterday to Cap
tain Walters of Port Townsend.
The British ship Hlddekel arrived from
Sydney N. S. W. . yesterday after a pass
age of sixty-five days, and the Chilean
bark'Yosemite arrived fromCallao in fifty
six days, while the Afon Alaw was US
days comlnK from Swansea. All three ves
sels sailed in. £^
Water Front Notes.
T R. Turner, who has been one of the
mo-it trusted employes of the Pacific Co"~*.
Steamship Company for the past twen
five years, has resigned his position ua
chief of tho outfit and supply department.
He is now about to take a well earned
rest and with his wife and family will
visit the Paris Kxposition. Twenty-five
years ago Mr. Turner was shipmate with
Captain C. Miner Ooodall on the old Ori
zaba For live years he was on tho steam
ers managed by Ooodall, rerklns & Co.,
then he was ten years in the omce or tne
concern, and for the last ton years he has
been claim asf<-nt and chief of the outfit
and supply department. Mr. Turner is the
proprietor of the Turner patent bunk,
which has been adopted by the Govern
ment for the transport service and by all
the big steamship lines.
Mr. Turner Resigns.
The barkentine Wrestler, owned here,
had a rough voyage of it to Sydney, N. S.
w. She went from San Francisco to the
mamis B. C. and loaded lumber for Aus
tralia. A heavy Rale was run into, and
in order to save the ship part of the deck
load had to be jettisoned. Tho bulwarks
on the starboard side were carried away
and tho barkentine was otherwise dam
aped, but she managed to make her port
In safety.
The Wrestler in a Gale.
The Mistley Hall left Liverpool for San
Francisco on February 2S, and about ten
days later was spoken in latitude 3S north,
longitude 12 west. She was not heard
from again until the 9th inst., when the
news came from London that she had
been towed Into Montevideo dismasted.
Private advices received by the Mer
chants' Exchange state that the Mistley
Hall was caught in a terrific storm on
June 2 in latitude 58 south, longitude 63
west. The main and mlzzen masts went
by the board and the foretopmast car
ried away. Everything movable on deck
was washed away; the bulwarks were
stove, decks strained, boats smashed into
kindiins? wood and, worst of all, three
members of the crew lost their lives. The
cargo shifted, and in order to straighten
the vessel up Captain Logan had to Jet
tison 100 tons of frieght.
The MLstley Hall is well known in the
San Francisco trade. She has been com
ing here for years and every man on the
front, knows her as well as he knows the
Oakland ferry-boats, it will be many a
long day before she is seen in the bay
again, however. The work of repairing
her will be a long and expensive affair,
as the new masts and yards will have to
be sent out from England. Then the ves
sel is old. and the question will be sure
to arise as to whether the expense of
makiuR her seaworthy agrain would be
justified. She Is owned by the Globe Ship
ping Company of Liverpool and was built
in 1874. She is 1867 tons net burden, 2C.0
feet long 1 . 42 feet 3 inches broad and 23
feet S inches deep. She carries a general
cargo, nearly all of which will be more or
less damaged.
The British ship Mistley Hall, now in
Montevideo, had a terrible time of it on
June 2 last. She was almost entirely dis
masted, three of the crew were killed or
drowned and when the gale blew itself
out the vessel was almost a wreck. It Is
a mystery to the local shipping men how
Captain Ixigan succeeded in getting hi3
ship back to a port of safety.
Decks Were Swept, Bulwarks Carried
Away and Three of the Crew
Were Killed or Drowned
During the Gale.
British Ship Mistley Hall
Dismasted Off Cape
of Storms.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
"And the jury expressly disapproves of
the negligence shown in the treatment of
the case at the hotel before removal to
the hospital."
Autopsy Surgeon Iceland testified yes
terday. In accordance with his previous
«!aterr;ent, that in his opinion Stadie's
death resulted from scalding, for imme
diately after the removal of the botiy to
the Morgue it was found that two-tmro.3
of the skin had peek-d off from the ef
forts of the hot water.
On the witness stand Dr. Noble admit
ted that he had been so busy preparing
antidotes for Stadie that he had not found
time to take the temperature of the water
in which he had ordered his assistants to
plao? the patient, but he did not think
that the water was too hot.
William Lawrence ai.d William Isaacs,
the painters who assisted Dr. Noble in
hlfl efforts to resuscitate Stadie. testified
that they had prepared the bath under the
doctor's* orders and placed the uncon
scious man in it. keeping him there for
about ten minutes. Both men testified that
they had placed their hands in the water
during the operation and had not noticed
that it was uncomfortably hot. After
ward they lashed Stadie's naked body with
wet towels and shouted Into his ears in
order to try to awaken him.
The jury returned a verdict that death
was due to opium taken with suicidal in
tent, but added the fcllowing rider to
their verdict:
Negligence en the part of Dr. J. A.
•Coble in his treatment of Paul Stadie,
the Palace Hotel suicide, was charged by
the Coroner's jury that heard the testi
mony in the case yesterday. Last Satur
day "morning' The Call related exclusively
how Stadie. overcome by morphine taken
with suicidal intent, had betn entrusted
to the care of Dr. Noble and had been
placed by men directed by him into a tub
of water so hot that the patient was ter
ribly scaldrd.
Autopsy Surgeon Leland Testifies
Positively That Death Resulted
From Scalding and Not
From Poisoning.
Physician Censured for His
Treatment of Paul
Stadie.
JURY ASSERTS
THAT DR. NOBLE
WASS NEGLIGENT
The postal establishment has grown
frum aimust nothing to be the greatest
business concern in the world. Its re
ceipts for the carriage of all kinds of mail
matter now a?;gregaie almost $lti'.>,0tiO.t.*» a
year, and it speodq a little more, for the
effort la to provide- means ol quick com
munication between citizen and citizen,
rather than to make the service self-sus
taining. There are now about 75. 'WO post
offices in the United States, and the serv
ice has more than ixcj.txw employes. It
handles approximately T.OOO.O'O.Oou pieces
of mail matter every year, OIL which 3,000.-
OOO.m.v are letters. This vast /business ha*
witnessed a marvelous growth. It is a
reflection of the no less wonderful devel
opment cf the United States. The figures
above given are incomprehensible and
hardly to be believed when comparison is
made with the postal service a hundred
years ago. "When Timothy Pickering
served as Postmaster General in Wash
ington's administration," says Postmas
ter General Smith, "his balance sheet of
expenditures and receipts for a wholo
quarter of a year showed an aggregate of
JtS.OOO, which is the expenditure of every
six hours now."
In this day we do not wait for the slow
stage coach of our ancestors, carrying th«
fortnightly mails, but even in the rural
districts there are daily deliveries of let
ters at the very door, and in the cities
there are hourly deliveries. Fast mail
trains have succeeded the old coach, which
lumbered over corduroy roads, or was de
layed long hours in the mire, and if to
day the ordinary service, rapid as it is.
Is not sufficiently swift we are permitted
the convenience of special deliveries, by
which, upon the payment of a small tec.
our own little affairs receive particular
care by the Government.
But. marvel as we may at the complete
ness and efficiency of the present postal
system, compared with that of the early
days, there are still greater wonders.
Prior to isoo a fe-w scientists In Europe
and America had caught scattering sparks
of the power that was in the twinkling of
an eye to flash human thought around th»
world. Le Sage in Geneva and Betan
court In Spain had sent fluttering mes
sages over wires with power furnished by
a battery of Leyden jars. Then, in 1SO\
followed Volta. who won the plaudits of
Napoleon and 2000 crowns by demonstrat
ing the use of his galvanic pile. From
this famous scientist of Pavia to Samuel
Morse the history of electrical Inventions,
improvements and discoveries is brilliant
with illustrious names, many of which,
like Ohm. Ampere. Oersted, Faraday and
Henry, have been Incorporated in the
technical language that has grown about
the battery and the dynamo. Among all
these there is no greater name tfian that
of Morse. On May 27, 1844. the first intel
ligible communication sent over a consid
erable distance was flashed from th<»
American capital to Baltimore. The dots
and dashes of the mysterious system that
spelled the famous message. "What hath
God wrought ?" have become the univer
sal alphabet of mankind. Still greater
wonders were to follow than the estab
lishment of the electrical telegraph as a
means of communication between distant
points of land. In 1S43 Morse sugKested
the possibility of connecting Europe and
America by cable. The work of Cyrus
Field in accomplishing this stupendous
achievement Is" within the memory of most
of us. That first cable messaee between
the old world and the new will ring for
ever in the ears of mankind— "Glory da to
God in the highest, and on earth peace
and pood will toward men." The most
Impious cynic of this century has been so
thrilled by the thousht of "human mes
sage flashing to and fro wherp the "sheH
burred cables crr<»p" that he has written:
Hush! Men talk to-day o'er the waste of the
ultimate slfmp.
And a new word runs between, whispering:
"Let us be one."
Without the cable and the telegTaph th<»
daily paper, such a marked feature of
modern life, would not be possible. Not
withstanding both telegraph and cable
tolls of necessity remained at a high rate
for a number of years, the press early
seized upon this wonderful means of
speedy communication.
For a time cable tolls between London
and New York were fixed at $1N> for a
message of twenty words or under, which
meant that no mossnee between England
and the United States could be sent for
less than $100. To-day an intelligible mes
rase may. by the use of code words, ta
passed between England and America at
a cost even tp Individuals not exceeding
75 cents. The newspaper rate is still loss,
and the news in detail ot operations in
foreipn countries is now an important
part of the daily paper. -It is interesting
to note that the first news dispatch from
Europe to a New York paper cost; Mono.
and it is further of interest thnt this first
dispatch from thf Old World consisted of
a political speech and the details of a
prize tight. ;
Whrn Lincoln signed the emancipation
prf«'lamation a correspondent at Wash
ington was so minted at his s-.ico^ph in
getting a preliminary outline that he be
gan his message to his N>w York panrr
with four stanzas of the o!d hymn bc
pinninjs "We aro living, we are dwellinsr
in a grand and awful time." He r*Trive»i
an intimation that if he found it neces
sary to drop into no* try It would be hot
ter to wire simply the number of th«
papf as the r><">m»» nBli e ha>l a tivmnbonic
of its own. The present newsnaner nut
lav for telegrams by lard and under sea
*vjirhP3 annually into tho millions.
Few stop to lealiz^ thf wonderful rnpid-
Ity with which business is accompli: shed
bv tho electric telegraph ana nihi<> in
these days of marvel*. Within a tew min
utes'a hroker in Chicago hy cable crder
can sfll a earco of wheat in -ondon.
Brokers in London frequently, finding th^>
cablp across the channel congested, send
messa"* 1 ? to Havre by way of Npw York
without an Instant's delay. On the New
York Stock Kxchango from thrre to mm
minutes is the maximum time ronsumrrt
for 'i message to London and return. At
a recent electrical exhibition in NVw York
a thirty-word message was started on a
elear circuit to San Francisco, thenc- to
Vancouver, thence to Nova Scotia. i.nfl°r
the Atlantic to London and back to New
York Before enp operator had rr;i?Pt1
sending the telegram another operator
across the room began to receive it from
London Soipe time ago In the Alnert
Hall. London, connections were mnrit^with
the cable In Germany, thence across South
Russia. Caucasus. Armenia and Persia to
Teheran, where the line was connected
with a second line of the Indo-European
Telegraph Company, returning to London
by the same route. The lir.o< were c!e:»r and
the Prince of Wales pressed the instru
ment and tho simultaneous click of the
receiver told that the message had been
to Teheran an.l back.
Through the improvements mado by Efl
ison seventy-two* messages can be sent
simultaneously over the same wire. Type
written pages are now reproduced by tele
granh. and. wonder of wonders, science
has* seized upon the circumambient air.
and without the aid of wires man la able
to communicate long distances.
If Edison's prediction be true that the
twentieth century' shall eclipse the tri
umphs of the nineteenth more signally
than this century has eclipsed any pre
vious age. wireksa telegraphy will i>e only
one Instance wher« man shall have con
quered the mysterious elemental forc<*s
and harnessed them to his purpose. It la
easy to believe, with Edison, that "we are
only at the cockcrow of civilization." but
It is also fitting to say. in the words of
those reverent messages of the telegraph
and cable, bringing man closer unto man.
"What hath God wrought." "Glory to God
in the highest, and on earth peace and
eood will toward men."
8 FRANK A. VAXDERLIP.
Treasury Department. Washington.
ed up inaccessible forests, which in their
turn have siven v.ay before the ax of thej
husbandman, and where once there were
wildernfsses now tfu-re are vast fields of
precious grain. These hundreds ami
iiunUreus or milrs ot steel raiia nave pen
etrated in every direction and so have
brought the people of the I'nited States
closer together. Thtir primary influence
is to weld th; % community into one cohe
sive ir.aaf. They bepet interdependence
so thut the manuf.ieuirer ot tne Kas;
looks to the agriculturist of the West for
his bread and his irK-at. while the fanaci
looks to his Eastern brother for the shots
and the clothes he wears. They know
each other thcoogti their respective pro
cucts and they read each otner'3 rrurula
in quick exchanges of thought, by the
telegraph, by letters and the public press.
GO/VH="/\F*MTI\/E; STUDIES OF TWO CENT URIiZS.
The early years of the century gave no
hint, save to the most prophetic, of, the
mechanical prodigies soon to transform
the world. The marlper, who waited on
tides and winds and took reckless chances
In the lottery of storms, was still the most
progressive and venturesome of men. In
America the more alert of the few news
papers of ifcOO were enabled through co
operation of the fleetest packets to an
nounce as special features the publication
of European news "only sixty days old."
There was not a steamship or a mile of
steam railway or electric telegraph in the
world. Eight cents was the postage on a
letter a hundred years ago, and it has
been estimated that during the first few
years of the century each adult in Ameri
ca sent on an average only one letter a
year.
The people of Xew England, who had
vowed that if the Potomac site for the
federal capital were chosen their repre
sentatives would resign rather than un
dertake the perilous journey through
wilderness and morass to the seat of gov
ernment, opposed all the building of
canals and turnpikes to connect the East
and West. Too many people had already
passed beyond the Alleghanies, they .said;
the Eastern seaboard would become de
populated: the exodus to Western fron
tiers threatened the stability of the re
public. Even Jefferson believed that the
country would be divided into the Atlantic
and Mississippi confederations. Few pea
pie believed that representatives from the
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
100 YEARS' ADVANCE IN COMMUNICATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13. 1900.
The allegation that the note upon which
Giovanni Ferrea sued Stephen Casslnelli
to recover J400 was false and forged fell
flat in Judge Bahrs' court yesterday and
the plaintiff was given judgment as
prayed. When the case was called the
defense gave up the fight and Judgment
was entered.
Note Was Not Fraudulent.
The Woman's Franchise Association held
a meeting yesterday afternoon at 220 Post
street. The association has a/membership
of 250 throughout the State and has as Its
object the "amendment of the constitution
of this State so that the right of voting
shall be granted to women. Miss Anna
Strunsky addressed the gathering, on
"Family Sociology," and was awarded
great applause 'at the conclusion of her
remarks.
Women Who Want to Vote.
Mrs. Lung. Gets Alimony.
Judge Murasky made an order yester
day directing that 5160 on deposit with the
court, as trustee of the alimony account
between Dr. George A." Lung, surgeon of
the cruiser Philadelphia; and his former
wife. Mrs.- Elizabeth Lung, be paid to
George D. Collins, to be paid -by him to
Mrs. Lung in consideration of four
months* alimony. Collins was given the
money and later placed the same in the
hands of .his client.
Wants Old Claim Renewed.
\The Pacific I-umber Company filed a
petition yesterday asking the Board of
Supervisors to pass an ordinance to revive
an old claim tor $102 4t for lumber fur
nished to the park lodge last March. It
is alleged that the Auditor refused to sign
the demand because it was not tiled with
in thirty <lay<* after the Park Commis
sioners had pansed upon it.
The Board of Public Works has fubmit
trd to the Supervisors plans and specifica
tions for an electric elevator in the main
corridor of the City Halt. The elevator ia
to be of the most approved pattern, the
grill work to be of oxidized copper, with
marble sides, and the interior to be fin
ished in maple.
Nellie Raymond Sentenced.
V.
Everything 'n America was in a primi
tive state. New York was as far from
Washington then in point of time as
Washington now is from San Francisco.
Communities had more of a distinctive
character than now, for they were less
often invaded by strangers, and when
these strangers came they were looked
upon with wonder, and their tales of other
lands, and even other cities not now re
mote, were listened to with surprise. The
character of men's thoughts and methods
of tloinjr business must, in an age not
equipped with time-saving conveniences,
have been necessarily slow. Men must
now do in an instant and by instinct, al
most. v.-hat in 1S00 they did only as the re
sult of long reflection.
Embassadors at foreign courts carried
on negotiations from one to six months
behind the progress of events at home, or,
when confronted by emergency, proceeded
without authority and trusted to their
Governments to ratify their acts. Had
there been cable communication between
Franco and America In 1S03 the anti-ex
pansionists of that day might have
thwarted the purchase of Louisiana. The
commissioners Jefferson sent to Paris
were authorized to offer $2,000,000 for an
outlet to the gulf. The First Consul daz
zled the envoys by offering them the whole
of Louisiana for 80,000,000 francs. They
were not empowered to make this pur
chase, and they could not communicate
with Washington, but with characteristic
American daring they closed the bargain
with the great Corsican. If the great At
lantic cable had then bound the continents
together that vast domain west of the
Mississippi, from which so many rich
States have been builded. would yet be a
French province, or, possibly, Indeed, an
other British empire.
W'Ken nations were at war armies at the
front continued to battle long after
statesmen at home or diplomats abroad
had signed conventions of peace. The
treaty of Ghent was concluded on Christ
mas eve, 1814, but forty-nine days were
to pass before the good news could reach
the American capital. In the meantime
the war continued, and Xew Year's day.
1S15, found Jackson's army knee deep in
the bayous of Mississippi, fighting the
triumphant battle of New Orleans— a vic
tory that cleared a path for Jackson to
the White House. Then news that Madi
son had been chosen President did not
reach the- citizens in Kentucky until
three months after his election.
7
SAMUEL FINLET BREESE MORSE
THE ORIGINAL TELEGRAPHIC
INSTRUMENT.
PACIFIC POSTAL
LOSES IN BOGUS
DISPATCH SUIT
DR WONG WOO, (££& „
Chlr.'se Tea and Herb Eanl- If '
tartuni, TG4-7C6 Clay «t-. Ean C€» 3
Kraiieiyc. Cai. Al! diseases cured fi_ . 2
*xrIuMve!j- by Chinee herb*.
JttiVtCC Ere*. Hours. 3 to 11 a.
id.. 1 to 2. 7 to 9 p. m. *rfj?.fc«*':i\7
Etn Franeiscc. January 2. 19?G. %a^/ftMr
I ha<! a very —rloaa attack of *6*WuiM4t*
contaniptlcn end my fei-t were yo sTvollen that
It *v»s with dtfflciilty I could walk. The doctors
In the i -•,.':¦:-. rculd r.nt give, me any relief
for n*re wetk*. I ivas persuaded to iro to th»
wcl'-kncwn Chinese Doctor. Wont Woo. and
1r. thrff month! I wax completely cured and in
perfect fccalth. bavins coined 25 pounds is
weljrfct. I have much pleasure in recommend-
ing hlrr. t.-> 8ny one Buffering In any way what-
ever. JAKOB XtAUCH. 13V4 Freelon »t.. city.
y'sSfGSftft^kStnB m * « w a non-rojicroat
l +lJfw5ir** s ih?l3 reaedy lor Gonorrhoea,
Weet. fipormatorrhosa,
#y;-y 7 ir • to l4»7t.Ml WiuKri, aotlktutal Si—
A^uiCJ <irkrrti«ca J3 fharRrs. or »or !cfle-»"n».
f-»sjj mi u >cif.m. tiou, t irritation or uirerv
F^ffPrcrcau eoQUdoa. tlon ol mo eo as mea-
KtJftTHElYAXS CaiV'ftuCa brane «- Non-Mtrlngent
wf5?\c».c:><Mn.o E3Ei * old b^ *>r«cr<«i«.
\&>av C. ~- a yrlS or •' nt 'a plain wrapp** 1 ,
JrifctH 1'} e*rre*«. propaii. tji
1 IA/. X. HESS.
KoTAEY PC3LI; AK3 ITruSNEY-AT-LlW.
Jer.l.i Floor. Ilooni 1-13. Claus Spreckels Bids, j
Telepbcn« Brown SSI. !
Reeidence. £21 CUUoiLla at., below Powell,
£&& rjancUco. . ]
Travelem from every portion of th«
tlcbe show their appreciation of the
Oomforte and luxuries to be obtained
¦ ft these liotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting gan
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and or>erat»d under one manaee-
ment en the American and Eurouean
plans. *
OPEN NIGHTS.
Or>»ti Daily I'rorn " a. m. to 11 p. m.
IJathSnir From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION l"r. CHILDREN. 5c
EithiM Ir.rludlnc Artmlonicn. 25c: Children 2(V>
SUTRO BATHS
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
V3F9. Ft. I_. \A/P%LSH.
ij% GEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkln.
Of lice Hours — » a. m. to 6 p. m. ; Sundays.
to 12. Telephone Polk 1135.
PRICE LIST ror SO Days:
Painless Extraction - 25e
Removable Bridge wcrk §3.O(>
Crown* 92.00 to $5.00
Pure Gold Fllllnr" fl.OO
Arnalrarn 5O«
Geld and Platlna. «!l.oi»
Silver FUllo* BOO
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the
children's teeth— painlessly.
Our removable bridge work ls beautiful aad
durable. Warranted 10 years.
grf^P^-^ Our $5-OO .Plates
§£<^ r *SZ£^~&'*£&Sr paloless extracting
ffS:l«*'^^iSf^'^S"T ls POterjted and
*¦ fFfi^iSrfr&ZJ* uscd b y no other
xMJL]Os»*^ dentist oq tfce p a .
'' fcfciii™"" 1 ' elf Ic Coast.
STATIONER AND PRINTED
¥irre asu steam coal.
DIAMOND r-OAL MIXING rx».. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beet Coal In the
market. Office and Yards— 450 Main street.
and DO!*. HAUV DOLLIVER. ISABELLE
l'NI>i:n\VO< >IJ and New Moving: Pictures
by EDIBOS'B MtO-inCTOSCOPE.
FNrHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtnCn O Admission IO=.
TMrf Act of "MARTHA." In English. DEETS
ORDER PEATS BY PHONE. PARK 23
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Monster Cakewalk !
CHUTES AND Z00. E r c 7 E A Sr
CANNON. THE FAT MAN."
1TALLACB, THH UXTAMAIILr: LION.
ELECTRIC <\AUS aCN ALL MIGHT.
ADMISSION. » oont*: CHILDREN. 10 rents
Literary nxprci«e« Affrnoon \>%m at 1:30,
GRAND BALL, Evening.
AT THE CHUTES.
LITERARY EXKRCISKS. <ONCEHT. PY-
nOTECHNICAt. JIIAM NAVAL BATTLE
OS THE LAKE; MRKWOKKS.
ALL DAY ! ALL NIGHT!
SATURDAY, JULY 14, 1900.
THIS I? THE THIRD AND LAST WEEK
Of the Enormous Operatic Success,
THE GEISHA
Eier.irs? at f. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Kext Week-Revival of WANG
MONDAY. July 7,\ Gala Opening of the
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Watch the Paper! for Full Particulars.
POPIT-AR miCEP-!5o and 50c.
Telephone— Bu?h 9.
FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
Fell of the Basfilel
<OL"T H EAT R t^A >
LAST THREE NIGHTS
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Snppcrted by WHITE WHITTLESEY In
HALE NOW ON FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS IN63MAR.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 CaJ.. Clunle Bg.
COAL. COKB AND PI a IRON.
If TV'II R C A ?0 ° Battery Street.
>'-V- WIL3UJI & IU-- Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
f W Eh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat and
I V- "• J.T1IIU. Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
; IS Washir.cton Et. Telephone Main S641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. 36 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MFATS.
JAJ- DUICJ tt VV» ciay. Tel. Main 1234.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
MTfr. * Healer In Mrtals & Galvanizing:. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
HAR^E^S DRESSING.
"'PALO ALTO." B-st leather preserver on
earth. 2jc. Robinson Chem. Co., 1109 Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING.
t'nion Lithograph Co.. 325 Sansome st.. Artistic
Lithographers and 1'rinter*. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stamps.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 1ST-9 First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EL-
LIS. «8 Front st.. P. F. Phone Main 1719.
PA'NTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oil?. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO., 9 Front. S. F.
!>tti.\ri i j.
F r HIIfiK~s PRINTER,
r« W- lilUHQ. Sll .Sansome 8 t., S. F.
PRIV'Fu.S. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Ft, San Frahcisco.
gs£*g#*4 tiitAnM
CHARLES FP.OHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
And
A SPECIAL COMPANY
Left 2 X:e*t« — Mntlrfee Saturday.
Pvuncy Gruiidy's Comedy of Manner?,
"A Marriage cf Convenience"
Next M>n<5av— Fourth Week of HENRT MIL-
LER SEASON.
Last Sp-r.jrn's Great t.'omesjy Success,
"THE LIARS."
PEATS NOW HEADY.
July IS— Firs; BurtOB Holmes Lfetur* Matine*.
THE FOUR COHANS
A2CT7SEMENTS.
~* PHONE MAIN" K2.
Walter Morcsco Sole L<essee and Manager
MATINKE T0-M0HR0W.
ANOTIii-R SPLENDID SUCCESS
BY THE
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
THE DANCING GIRL
N"»-xt VTeek— Au*rust:n Daly's Greatest
'THE O&BAT RUB T."
Prifrf— ~Zc, JOe, !."c 15c.
S-aturocy Matinee— r>0?. 8c J5e. 10c
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Children In Arms Not Admitted. *
A RARE BILL OF NOVELTIES !
FMITH & FT'LLEH; BARRERE A JfLES:
STELLA MAVHEW: CLAYTON WHITE
AND MARIE STUART. Astlned by MISS
EVA RANDOLPH; QUAKER (".TYQUAR-
TET; AMERICAN D1OGRAPH and
LAST TWO KIGHT8 OF
NOW !
THEFT: ABE TOCB LAST CHANCES TO
FEE HOYTS
A CONTENTED WOMAN
Presented tr
DUNNE AND KYLEY'S
ALL - STAR CAST
r.Tnerr.ber the Mailr.«>e To-Morrow, Saturday.
NHXT BTTVOAT XIGHT MATTHEWS AXD
BT'LGER trill Fr<-!=<»nt THE POLITE COMIC
1'I.AY,
"AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
rAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES ®p>
REQUIRED W^A
REYNOLD'S
¦ " w r |bi confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, ifon the first approach
oi the paroxysm they tiuire recourse to this rem-
edy, then, a single dose Is often Juftlcient.
E.Voi'UKK-1 A CO.. 2C.3U .VUlllluw ftU.V.^-.
RT?FTQHFT^ FOR barbers, bak-
DHUOIlJdlOfre. bootblack*. bath .
houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannern'
dyers, flourmlllo. foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printers, palntens. shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
tUJCrlANV* BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento S:
CAFE RQYAL^wi
Valises checked fre;.
*Time Ball
PHILADELPHIA, July 12.— The Earl Fruit
Compar.y realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—
Bartletts SI 75«<J2 15 box. average $1 9S. Peaches
—Crawfords, box. average 50c. Plums—Bur
banks. small crate. 50c@U 30. average U: Cali
fronia Red. small crate, $1@2 15. average $1 60;
Ogon, small ! crate, average Jl 05. Prunes—
Slmonl email crate, average S5c: Tragedy,
small crate. 70Q90c, average 81c. Dry. lavor
abla weather. Seven rars sold to-day.
PITTSUUKG. July 12.— The Early Fruit C<-m
pa.ny sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Plums— Royal
natives, small crate. C0@70c, average 61c.
Prunes— Tragedy, small crate, 754£85e. average
78c Apricots— Blenheim, small crate, average
SI si. Cherries— Royal Anne, box, 30c@Sl 30,
average S7'/ic; Republicans, box, 90@$l 05, aver
age 29c. One car sold to-day, i
BOSTON. July 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day at the fol
lowing prices: Apples— W. Astrachan, box, $1 75
#1 80. Peaches— Hale's Early, box. 43QC0C,
average. 55c; St. Johns, box. KcifJU CO, aver
age *1 30, crates, 25c@$l 20, average. 83c.
Plums— Burbanks, email crate. 45ij6Oc, average
47c. Prunes— Tragedy, small crate, 50@70c,
average C2c. Weather favorable. Ten cars sold
to-day.
CHICAGO. July 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
cold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts,
box Jl C0Q2 20, average H 78. Peaches—Craw
fords, box, 75cQ$l 25, average 11-16: Hale's
Early, box. 60<&.90c. average 64c; St. Johns, box,
cr/ij jl 20. average $1 01. Plums — Burbanks,
small crate. 60c@$l 85, average 81c; California
Red. Jl 0C@l 10. average $1 09: Peach, small
crate, 43«i'€oc, average 63c; Satsuma, 70QS5o;
average 73c; Washlncton. SOC031. average 98c;
Wickson, tl 30<ffl 85, average Jl 40. Prunes —
Simlno, small crate. 65®55c, average 73c; Trag
edy. 60®9Dc. average "ac. Weather hot. Fif
teen cars sold to-day
• Porter Bros. Company's sale* were: Pears—
Bartletts. Jl oO^l -90 box and 80c(gJl half box.
PlumB— Wickson.- ?5c@Jl CO: Burbanks, 65c$l 05
single crates and U box; Ogon, 70cfi>Jl; Peach,
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Market here was quiet and steady to-day.
Absence of direct newe from Peking was re
garded a> unsettling but lt Is the general be
lief In financial circles that the Chinese up
rising will eoon collapse.
Americans were more cheerful throughout
and there wa« more appearance of activity In
them than for some days. Union Pacific Issues
were favorites.
The back •old £165,000 gold In French coin.
CALL CALENDAR.
July. 1900.
S. M. I T. W. T. i\ E Moon's Phases.
1234567-a Ftnrt Quarter.
J* July 4.
13 IS 17 M 19 20 21 J"l7 & ,
tff Last wuarter.
22 23 24 25 26 27 IS <3- July M.
20 20 31 A Ktm Moon.
«P July 28.
Nezu York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
* *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- July. Sept.
Opening * **
Closing 6 3 *»
PARIS.
Wheat- J«l£ S 0 " 1 -:? 60 -
Opening 20 60 21 60
Clewing 20 53 21 £15
Flour —
Opening 27 40 28 55
Clos"ng ff .:.:.. ( . 27 20 28 45
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchnnge, sight — ?4 S4-£
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 87
Sterling Cables '. — 4 88 .
New York Exchange, slffht...;.. — 10
New York Exchancr.-. telegraphic — 12'4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61*i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45',-J —
Wheat and Other Grains
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
weak. The decline at Liverpool was attributed
to the estimate of the Price Current that the
crop would run up to £50,000.000 bushels, which
was considered absurd at Chicago.
Chicago declined from S2%c to SO^ic, and
wheat was neglected for corn on complaints of
damage to the latter in Kansas. Nebraska and
Iowa, with continued hot and dry weather pre
dicted by the Weather Bureau. Another source
of weakness was the estimate of a crop of
125.C0O.00O bushels In the Northwest by Crop
Kxpert Ingles. .The demand for shipment was
speculative and very moderate. A member of
(he Board of Trade, however, who Is also a
large farmer, confirms the worst reports from
the Northwest after 2000 miles of travel. To
ward the close corn also weakened on realizing.
The local situation was weaker, with a de
cline of 2c on call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. |1 0714; milling, $1 100
1 12H-
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 Ctld, $1 16%; 2000. $1 16%; 4000, $1 16&.
Second Session— December— $000 ctls, $1 15%;
2000. $1 15H; sooo, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 8000
ctls. $1 loH: 8000, $1-15%.
Afternoon Session— December— 30,000 ctls,
$1 15%: 2S.000, $1 15%; 20CO. *1 13%.
BARLEY— Continues to take Its cue from
wheat and declined a fraction.
Feed 70c for No. 1 and 63@67^c for oft
grades; Urewlrg and shipping grades. 75®50c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, 74T4c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2CO0 ctls. 75c.
OATS — Dealers continue to report a good de-,
mand at full figures. Offerings are rather
larger, however.
White. $1 15@1 50: Surprise. $1 27H01 35: Red.
II 07%<81 20; Gray. Jl 10@l 15; Black. $1 02ft@l 10
CORN— The market continues neglected, with
liberal offerings. Eastern large Yellow,
Jl 17Vi£fl 20 per ctl: Eastern White. $1 17V4&1 20
per ctl: Mixed. Jl 1501 1V&.
UY1C— 92V.&S&C per cti.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers 1 extras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington.. $2 75©3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and J3 1503 EO for bakers"; Eastern, $4 75®
5 75 i>er barrel.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?3 yer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 M; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, -$2 75;
extra cream do, }S £0; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, J3 S0@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4g4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 M>: Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 25, in eacks. J5 1Z<Q~; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, |5; Green Peas, $5 CO per 100 lbs.
The advance tn grain Hay continues, some
thing almost unheard of in July. Volunteer
Hay and Feedstuff s.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July It
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfieth. 22 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Geo Locmls, Badger. 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 2i hours from Monterey
and way i«*»ts.
Nor stmr Universe. Egenes, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Nelson. 23 days from
HIlo.
P.r ship Htddekel. Oudney. tZ days from New
castle, A us.
Br ship Afon A law. Thomas. 1C3 days from
Swansea.
Chil bark Yosemite. Dumbrenas. w days from
Callao.
Sehr O W Watson. Peterson. 9 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 12.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka: Goodall.
Perktnn & Co.
Nor stmr Tirania. Gulliksen. Nanatmo; John
RoKenfelJ's Sons.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen. Kahulul; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 12.
Stmr State of California. Case. Astoria.
Stmr Santa Hosa. Alexander. San Die?o.
Stmr Whiteshoro. Olsen. Nanaimo.
Stmr Whltesboro. O!sen. .
Stmr Alcatrnz. Carlson. .
Stmr Orizab.i. Parsons. Eureka.
Nor stmr Titania. Oulllksen. N.ir.aimo.
Bktn Oar,lin<-r City. Walton. Grays Harbor.
Schr Abbie. lVt-rson. Gray* Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Lance. rJrown. Grays Harbor.
Schr S T Alexander. Ipsen. Kahului.
Schr Mary rvxiRe. Olsen. i:«reka.
Si-hr Meiam-thon, Obcn, Ulllapa Harbsr.
S,-hr Occidental. Rn-»irh. Grays H.irbor.
Schr Albion. Ginlniansen. Corjutlle River.
Schr Mary C. «'nm:>bel!. Fort rto3s.
TKLEGKAPHIC.
POINT ir>r.OS. Julv j;. 10 p m-Weather
hazy: wind SW. velocity 11 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Geo I^omls" — 4 mite* off Point Con
ception saw a three-mastPd ship.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Afon Alaw— July 9. lat 3S N. Ion
137 \V. Br ship Sir Robert Fernl#.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON; July 13-Pr ship M'.stley Hall, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, previously re
ported having put into Montevideo dismantle.!,
had decks sweet, bulwarks stove and boats
smashed. Jettisoned ico tons of car^o and three
of the crew were drowned.
LONDON, July 12— Bktn Wrestler, from Che
maluus.. arrived at Sydney. Had sustained se
' vere weather, considerable damage and Jetti
soned portion of deck load.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY-Sailed July 11-Sehr Gotama. in
tow tujf Columbia, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 11— Stmr Rosalie, for
Skaffuay. July 12— Stmr Valencia, for Capo
Nome.
FORT BRACG-Arrlved July 12-Stmr TUla
mook. tence July 10.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 12 — Br itmr Bel
gian Kin&. from Hongkc-n*.
NEW WHATOO II— Sailed July 12— Schr Ala
weema. for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived July H— Stair Eureka,
hence July 10.
Arrived July 12— Schr Olga. hence July 4
bark Haydn Drown, hence June 30.
ASTORIA-Arrtved July 12— Ger ship Rlgel.
from Nagasaki.
Sailed July 12— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
USAL— Arrived July 12-Stmr Rival, hencj
July 10.
MONTEREY— Arrived July 12— Schr Glen
from Usai.
CASPAR— Sailed July 12— Stmr Luella. for Sao.
Sa"n PEDRO-Salled July 12-Schr Annie Lar.
•en. for Tacoma.
E-KSTERX PORTS.
NORFOLK. Va— Sailed July U— Ship St Mark
for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July U— Stmr Colon, for
Sar» Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 11— Br ttmr Mlo
wera. from Sydney. July 12— Ship Elwell. from
Lnhaina; Br stmr ViarfleM. hence July 7; stmr
Aztec, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed July 12— Br stmr Tartar, for Yokohama
TENERIFFE— Arrived July 1— Ger stmr Ha
thor. hence March 23. for Hamburg-
COLON— Arrived July 10-Stmr Alamo, fsora
New York.
Sailed July 10— Stmr Finance, for New York
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 11— Stmr China
hence Jun.; 22.
P\NAMA-Salle<S June 30-Stmr Colon for
San Fianclsco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOUK— Sailed July 12— Stmr rninmw,
for Hamburg: stmr La Gascosne ? for ¦ H?vr*:
stmr Barbarosaa. for Bremen; »tmr Bolivia, for
Sailed July 12— Stmr European, for Lrmrt.-m
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved July 12-Stm? Wa^
land. from Philadelphia. «aes-
Salled July. 12— Stmr Cambrian for Mn«i™.i
GLASGOW-Arrived July^ 15-s tmr stSta of
Nebraska, from New York — * of
ST MICHAELS— Pajsed July l'-Stm,. t-~
york XaPl " aQd Gen ° a - vla °^ral.ar! m for^^
Hamburs. and proceeded "ymouth. for
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Exports for the Half Year.
Export* from this pert by sea during the first
half of the year amcur.t to $12.C16.SCK>. against
J15.U1.47J for the same period last year, the
leading destlasllocs belr.j? as follows: Atlantic
ports. tl.42t.ZjJ; Grrat Britain. $5.C7.5:>0; China,
t2.IS.S00: Jaj;an. |2.10-.^3; Hawaiian Islands,
55.7CC.700.
Government Income and Outgo.
For the past two fiscal years the Government
receipts compare as fellows:
:S?S-3?. 1R99-0O. ;
Customs t2M.12S.OS J233.S57.9fS
Internal revenue 273.4ST.1C1 ZM.TS?. 3S.S j
aiisctUaneoUs 3S.334.977 3S.S3!,C02
Totn'.s $r,::..scC'.c20 $:.c<;.&ss.P4S
The «?xp<?ndlturP8 'or the same years were
lip follows:
153S-99. 1*33-00.
Civl J11$.UL2j« S'.OG.7:>C753
War *3i*.S4l.2.%5 13».C.'3.sns
Jimry 63.r-42.104 66.OSS.9S2
Iii'liang 32.M5.711 10.160.133
Pensions 13S.O4.92J M«,875.932
Interest 3?.b''6.S25 <"*.1TC.314 j
Totals $6".072.1?0 J4S7.7S9.172
The report for USM900 net only shows a gain
cf $i3.02S,SC> in revexmc, but a decrease of 5137,
2i3,01S in ex^eniiituri's.
The Circulation.
Acccra!ng to & Treasury statement, the mwey
Jn circulation In the United States on July 1
•ru as follows: '
Gold coin i 614.J1S.P91
B!lver4oUas* C6.429.476
.^:r. :l '.i silver 76.294.OiO <
Gold ¦ ertificates 200.. ¦.:»:.. 4 33
Silver certificates 408.499.W7
Trrayur>' notes 7^.247.4^7
I:.U-.i .-tites :; u-f 3]«.«14.111
<urrer.cy c.?rt:Sc;ites 3.703.0W
National Bank notes 3"f>. 161. iC2
Tctal H0e.423.«M
Jr. ISSS L332.4SI^3S
Increase t 12S.941.2:7
I'urlnR the menth of June there was a net
d^rfarc of {3,700.400 in tV.e amount of gnlil coin
In cirfulation and also a decrease of $J.C>0.000
in cold certificates. beEldes $3,200,000 in Treas
ury notes and $C.OiO.<>jO in United States notes.
There vas an increase of Jfi.OOO.tCK) tn National
liank rotes.
Ait Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported, the
JVana. u-lilch sailed Wednesday for Australia,
carried the followrlnc:
For Australia— ir-4 pk<rs <5rie<3 fruit. 47 pkgs
ta'.t fl?h, CSO cs «anntd gods, 1330 lbs coffee.
27 rolln, 39 lidls MWBjiaper. ~±~ <3oon>, 31S bis.
112 pk£« riK-tsl polish. 4201 lbs hops. 77.246 feet
Junior; valued ;it S2C.Z23.
For New Zealand— ICG jUgs dried fru'.t. I4IS
lbs coffee. 10 cs canned goods 10 cs salmon, 13
jkps n-.'.Mstuffs. CSH rolls IZ bdls newspaper, Z
tJLm beans: value. f.'744.
I'or Ajila- 10 l.bls flour, 7C3O lbs- bread. 10 cs
ealmrm. 2j rs. canned er«ij5, 19 crate* cabbage.
It piers hardware. 3 pkgs p*5te, "i pks pota
toes; value, JC07.
Total value. JCT.F74.
Weather Report.
m<Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FP.AXaFCO, July 12. 5 p. m.
The follotving; maximum temperatures were
reported Irjiri ftatlor.s in California to-d?v:
Tureiva CO Red HlufT 100
Mount Tatnalpais h3 Sacramento S-4
Jr.<5r>j.t :idence It* fan I>uls Obispo SS
rre?no 10S San lJieeo 7<>
l»s Ange>s :>¦
Sa.n Franrlseo data— Maximum temperature,
70; minimum. ZO; mean. «<0.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL |
FORECAST.
A weil-niark^d ftrrm is moving rapidly over
the Missouri Valley. The pressure is rlelng
r*:>id!y in the rear of tills low area. Over the
eoutliorn half cf the Pacific elope the pressure
tuw fu'.lon slowly.
Itaia is re;)ort>»d over Nf>rthern Mexico.
TJie temperature has fallen from 6 to 10 de
en*ec over l<2ah<T. 3-Iafitern < >rrgun and North
ern LTtah. ThrouBlvjut California the tempera
torc lias rp'.:ia!ne<J Marly stationary. Tftr.pera
turr-R exoeediac 100 (Jegrees are reported in Ca!l- '
fi»:nia «r,d Arsons.
The f<illowir.B wind velocities are reported: I
Eureka, rs n;ile 6 j,»-r hour, from the northwest; i
Indt-pendence, 26 mlies, fruni the west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hour*
frr.ri.r.p niidi;:r!:t July 12. lftOO:
Northern California— Filr Friday: continued
warm weather: in the interior fresh northerly
winds: westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday: continued
Wirm weather; light northerly winds.
Nfvada — I"a!r Kridav. -
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— rair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; light
southerly wi:ici>.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
100 Chicago & Northwestern 159
9.735 Chicago, Rock IMand & Pacific 10.4
1.400 C C C & St Louis £9
tioO Colorado Southern 6>4 1
Colorado Southt-rn 1st prefd 414 j
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16 1 *
, I>elaware & Hudson 111V*
Delaware, Lui-ka wanna & Western. .177
500 Denver & Rio Grand* 1^4
COO Ix-nver & Rio Grande prefd C6
Erie U,;
S10 Erie 1st p.-efd 33%
270 Grrjit Northern prefd 1'24
linking C-..al 134
Hocking Valley 3j
1.S62 Illinois Central US
1W Iowa Central 1*
100 Iowa Central prefd 4"4
200 Kansas City, pltuburt & Gulf 16W
200 Lake Erie k.- Western 2S
Lake Frie A Western prefd 93
Lake Shore 210
4.0CS Louisville & Nashville 74>4 j
%3 Manhattan Elevated SS
3.6?5 Mtropolltan Street Railway 150%
R00 Mexican Central 12^.
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 54
UK) Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
10.120 Missouri Pacific &M
2^0 Mnhile & Ohio 37
MiFs-ourl. Kansas & Texas 10
300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 22H
3c0 New Jersey Central 12S4 I
2.4.S New York Central 130
19.OM5 Norfolk & Western oi%
Norfolk & Western prefd 77
7.C3O North-rn Facilie £¦'"•»
2. r .5 Northern Pacific prefd ">l l *
tOO Ontario & Western U4
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Orepon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
10.1S0 r-nnf\lvania 12SU
700 Reading 17
10,020 Heading 1st prefd 59%
1.4i'O Readln? 2d prefd 29 l t
Rio Grande Western Ci\ 3
Rio Grande Western prefd S7
400 Ft Louis & San Francisco 9Vt
129 St Louis & Ban Fran 1st prefd C64
2C0 Pt Louis & S:ui Fran 2d prefd 33' 4
L'OO St I-oui!". Southwestern 10 1 *
Z.ibO St I^iuis. Southwestern prefd 2iV*
17.704 St Paul 11CH
145 St Paul preM 1*0
1(0 St Paul & Omaha 11<>
12.135 Southern Pa.itic 32T»
1.O08 Southern Hallway US !
3.27" Southern Railway prefd tZto <
iOO Texas & Pacific 1j
U.9SS Union Pacific pr«fd KH J
4.C23 Union Pacific prefd 744
Wai ash 7
400 Wabash prefd 1SH i
225 Wheeling & L E S%
I.i00 Wheeling &LE 2d prefd 23 1 *
Wisconsin Central 14U
Third Avenue 110
Express Companies —
Adams .-1}« |
American 153
I'nited Ftnteg 45
Wells Farro 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 34V»
American Cotton Oil prefd SS
American Malting 3
American Malting prefd 19
200 American Smelting and Refinlnc 37
American Smelting ana Heflnlng pfd S8
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 194
too American Steel Hoop prefd C9
225 American Steel & "Wire 33
400 American Steel & Wire prefd 72>4
American Tin Plate 204
101 American Tin Plate prefd 744
4.9C0 American Tobacco 92 1 *
, American Tcliacco prefd 125
2O Ar.aronda Mlniry Co 40'i
11.195 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 53 s i
30C» Colorado Fuel & Iron i*2 J i
209 Continental Tcbacco 25*i
165 Continental Tobacco prefd 7O',i
660 Federal Steel 33
250 Federal St<v>l preM 66
203 General Elect rir 131
G!uoos<» Supar £2'-4
Glucose Supar prefd 99 1 *
l.lOO International Paper 22^i
3?5 International Paper prefd €5
875 Laclede Gas 74
National Biscuit 29
National Biscuit prefd S2
National Lead 13
National Lead prefd 95*i
400 National Steel 24U
National Steel r>refd S4
New York Air Braka 135
North American _. 13%
Pacific Coast SI
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d rirefd C14
2."0 Pacific Mall 27'4
K/> People's Gas !<84
100 Pressed Steel Car 43
Pressed Steel Car prefd 70
:."..'. Pullman Pa!a.ce Car 1»1
Standard Hope & Twins 6%
19,S<!'1 Supar HR%
. K<) Sugar prefd 1K.U
3.400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69
4S0 I'nited States leather 8"i
7'>0 l*nite<1 States leather prefd CS
Vniteil States Rut.br 23',;
101 United States Rubber prefd !*3
1.2S7 Western I'nlon 734
Republic Iron & Steel 12'.,
217 rtopul'Mc Iron & Steel prefd 54
P C C & Et L 69
29S.C00 Shares sold".
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 6 25
Crown Point 00 Ophlr 65
Con Ca! & Va 1 45;plymouth 10
Dendwood 42 Quicksilver ISO
Gould Ac Curry 2'>j Do rrefd 7 00
Hnle & Norcross.. 2'. Plerra Nevada 24
¦ lomestakc 50 (0 ftandard 4 10
Iron Silver to;rnlon Con 17
Mexican 13:i'ellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND UONDS.
Money— ;f»*cst Knd 934
Cull loans 2 GSV&lVVeet Electric 41U
Time loans Ittvtfe Bonds-
Stocks — jAtchlson 4s 100
Atchison 25 T i'N K Gas & C os... 64
Do prefd ««"»! Mining Shares-
American Sugar. ..HS^g Adventure 2 i S*
Do preM 116 jAllouez Mln. Co.... 1
Amer Telephone 1IJ 'Amal Copper 854
Boston & Albany. .250 {Atlantic 23
}t ..-!., tj nievated 40 <JJos & Montana. . ..300
»; U & Q : 1254 Butte & Boston 634
Dominion Coal 3S 1 Calumet & Hecla.,730
Federal Steel 33% Ontmnlal 17
Do prefd C6 jFranklin 134
Fitchburg preTd 1.17 ,r>»coeola 6*
Gen Electric 130V Parrot 41%
l»u prefd IS* Quincy 141
Mex Central 12 V Santa Fe Copper.. 44
Mich Telephone S7>*!Tamarack 190
N K G u & Coke.. I5U|L'tnh Mining 264
Old Colony 203 iWinona 24
Union Pacific £54 ' Wolverines 374
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Availa
ble cash balance. J149,S0:.£33; gold, J70.638.73S.
AVw York Money Market.
NEW YORK. July 12.-Close: Money on call.
Fteady. at 1',4®1% per cent; la*t loan, l',4 . per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 2\5?4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 tC% for demand and $4 84
for sixty days; posted rates,' H 85@4 87. Com
mercial bills. J4 S3',«©4 K3H- Silver certificates,
Ci«i!f;c2 1 ,4C. Bar silver, 6l%c. Mexican dollars,
48>ic
Government bonds, strong; State bonds In
active; railroad bonds, irregular. a
There was a medorate business on the Bond
Exchange In the morning session, with a
decline In Contra Costa Water from $70 M t°
170.
The break tn Contra Costa Water was more
pronounced In the afternoon, the price drop
pint? to {G7. The slump was caused, by the
passing of the dividend.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend of 23c per
share, payable on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 12—2 p. m.
j/ Btd.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G i. Co. 3H *
4s quar coup.. 1114115 Mutual £1 Co. 10 1 * 11
4s do rig 1144115 O G L & II... 43U 50
«s do op new..l33>*134!i|Pac Gas Imp. 47 4S
Ss fjuar coup.. 1OV» HO |Pae L Co 4.1>4 44
Miscellaneous— IS F G & E 4SH *">
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6«£ — San Francisco. 4% 5
C C Water 6s. — 10J Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 68..12SV4 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — US Flrem'a Fund.22S —
Geary-st K is. — »9 Bank Stocks —
H C &. S 5V4s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 —
Do 5s — _ Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 6s.... — 105% Cal S D & T..105 —
L A Lt Co (is. — — ! First National — 290
Do cntd 63.. — — L»n P & A. ...132 —
L A gntd 5s... 100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P R R 5s. — 101*i|Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s. .125 — 1 .Savings Bank-
Do 1st M as. — llSHiGer S &. L....13M —
N C N G K 7». — — Hum S i L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s.li: — Mut Eav Bk... 45 —
Do 5s — US S F Sav U....5C3 —
N P C R R 68.101 — Sav & L So.... 74 7S
Do 5s 103 — |Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6a. Ill — .Union T Co — —
Oak G L&HSs.lll im; ! Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s. .113 11SH California 122H —
Oak \V Co n*.. — 104 ;Geary-st 5<> —
Oceanic S Co.. 104H1043; 'Market-st Ry» 63 81
Om C Ry Co.. 12m _ O S L & II — *(>H
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3>4 — Presidio — 22^
P <fc U R K Hs.llZ — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R fis.L'O — California 1C3 1624
Sac L & GR5s. 95 100 Giant Con Co. S«U S7
S F & SJV 5s.m 120 Vigorit 2?» 3>4
S Ry of Cal 6s.Hl — Sugar Stocks —
S P of A 6s... — 11114 Hana S P Co. 84 —
S P C 6s(13c>5).110 110;fc!Haw C & S Co Sl\ SO
Do (1906J ....111V4113 jHonokaa S Co 32«-» 32*i
Do (1912) ....113 123^ I Hutch S P Co. 24* t —
SPRi- l.«t«ntis — — |Kllauea S Co. 1»% 2O»i
SPBr 6s l30?i — |Makaweli SCo 4« 47
S V Water 6s. US — Onuniea S Co. — M
Do 4s lO3ti — Paauhau S Co. 31 —
Do 3d mtg... 99*, — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Uaa 8s -.•vi, _ A l Pack Asn.ll6Till7H
Water Stacks— Cal Fruit Asn. — SJ', S
Contra Costa.. 65^ GT^lMer F.x Assn.. 97 1"«»
Mann County, tn — jOceanlc S Co. — 9:4
Spring Valley. 04*; So Hac A F A.... — —
Gas Ac Electric — Pac C Bor Co.lSO —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 13 —
Cent L & P Co 4'i —
, Morning Session.
Boird—
73 Contra Costa Water 70 23
25 Contra Cost-* Water 70 50
25 Centra Costa Water 70 374
23 Contra Costa Water, s 90 70 00
Zo Contra Costa Water 70 00
200 Honokaa Sugar Company 52 25
15 Hutchlnson S. P. Co.. cash 24 6:4
6 Paauhau S. P. Co 31 00
$10000 Park & Cliff House 6s 1(13 50
*20OO S. F. & S. J. V. bonds 113 00
$1000 S. V. 4s. second mortgage 103 75
Street —
200 Hana Plantation Co S (£4
60 Oakland Gas 43 Zo
Afternoon Session.
25 Contra Costa Water 67 00
DO Contra Costa Water, s 3 87 00
15 Contra Costa Water 67 25
25 Contra Costa Water 87 50
23 Contra Costa Water 67 73
10 Contra Costa Water, s 90 67 75
375 Contra Costa Water 63 00
60 Contra Costa Water, s 3 6S 00
35 Contra Costa Water, s 90 68 CO
10 Contra Costa Water 6S 75
60 Contra Costa Water, s 3 69 00
25 Contra Costa Water 63 25
5 Contra Costa Water 69 50
5 Contra Ccsta Water «3 73
5 Contra Costa Water 70 00
10 Contra Costa Water 70 23
90 Hutchinson S. P. Co 2i 73
$1000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s IIS M
$2000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds lot ;o
10O Paauhau S. P. Co 31 00
23 S. F. Gas & Klectrlc Co 4S .v>
$17000 S. P. Branch Ry. 6 per cent bonds.131 00
60 Spring Valley Water 9G 00
Street—
200 Market-street Railway 63 00
20 San Francisco Gaslight, s & 4 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1500 Independence IS
10 Kern River, b 30 16 Wi
10O11 City Petroleum 17 73
Afternoon Session.
200 American Fuel SI
25 llomestake 12 50
MINING STOCKS,
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and .Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlnc Session.
200 Andes 05 2C0 Gould & Curry 23
400 Belcher 17 ST.« Justice 0s
100 Con Cal & Va. 1 50 SCO Ravage 20
300 Con New York 04 300 Silver Hill 65
3C0 Crown Point... CS
Afternoon Session
200 Alta CS «no Justice OS
200 Belcher IS 1"O Ophlr 71
100 Caledonia 1 00: 20O Ophir 72
100 Challenge 15 100 Overman 15
SCO Chollar 22 3rtO Silver Hill 6«
100 Confidence 7i- 20i> St Louis 17.
700 Con New York .04 lftO Union Con 2t
6C0 Crown Point... CS 300 Utah 12
200 Gould & Curry 26, 300 Yellow Jacket. It
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterdcy:
• Jlornlns Session.
100 Bullion 04| 200 Ophlr 71
400 Chollar 21 3C0 Savage 13
200 Con Cal & Va.1 :2Si 200 Silver Hill «5
200 Hale & Norcrs 3<l! 300 Union Con 13
10C0 Justice OSi 200 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
300 Con Cal & Va. 1 60 200 Sierra Nevada. 2S
500 Justice 0* 200 Silver Hill 65
200 Overman 16 20O Utah «... u
300 Potost 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask I Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 03'JustIce 07 oi
Alta 07 09 Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 C", l^i.Iy Washingn C3
Belcher 17 ISiMexican 13 19
Best & Belcher 23 2»i Occidental 09 n
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 70 71
Caledonia 1 00 1 10 Overman 15 17
Chollar 21 2C Potosl i« is
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Savage is 20
Confidence 75 — .Scorpion 0! —
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 55 ;=eg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... — Ollfc'ierra Nevada.. 27 2S
Con New York 03 —I Silver Hill «3 «7
Eureka Con — M St Louis is 20
Crown Point 07 C8 Standard 415
Exchequer 01 02. Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 24 25i Union Con » M
Hale & Norcre. 26 28:Utah 12 13
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 U
NEW YORK, July 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12,520 barrels; exports, 6360 barrels; sales, 9100
packages. Buyers and sellers were still apart
on flour, but there was less reselling than
heretofore. Market closed weak with wheat.
Winter patents. $4 15@4 60; winter straits. $3 85
©4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 125.560 bushels; exports,
none; sales, 4.250.COO bushels futures. 260,000 ex
port. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, S7ftc f. o.- b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 85Uc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, S9%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth. 91Hc f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions opened weak as a result of lower cables
and foreign selling, but quickly rallied. Cover-
Ing was a feature on the upturn, which was
later succeeded by renewed weakness under
liquidation, better crop news lrom the North
west end absence of outside speculative sup
port. Closed weak at l 7 s@2c net decline. July,
S5 T^QS7 5- 16c, closed at &l%c; September. 84 9-l<5
QS6 l-16c. closed at Sjt^c; December, S5U@
bu l-16c. closed at SO'-ic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDKS-Firrn.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice. 9c;
mild, quiet. Market for futures closed quiet,
with prices 10 to 25 points net higher. Total
sales, 24, 750 bags. Including: August. $7 SO;
September. $7 S0Q7 ?5; October, $7 95; Novem
ber. $7 &5QS; December. $S 20©3 25; March, $S 45
«g.s so.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4 1 ,*c;
centrifugal. % test, i\c; molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10.343 packages; weak;
creamery. ITSIS^-c; factory. 14jZ16',jc.
EGGS— Receipts, M74 packages; firmer; West
ern at mark. Ilffl2 l <>c for average lots; West
ern, loss off, 14 l -e.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW" YORK, July 12.— The market for evap
orated apples ehowed no improvement to-day.
Prices are In buyers' favor, with a weak under
tone prevailing. California dried fruits were
quiet and a little steadied.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3H4»oc; prime, 5>465 v 4c; choice, 5»i@6Vic; fancy,
7©7&C
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3U@7c per
poumi as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll^Hc: Moorpark. lS'g'rTc.
PEACHES-PeeleO. 14f ISc; unpeeled. 6<89c.
CHICAGO, July 12. — Wheat opened wealc.
September lVi®l%o lower at SO^SiasC. In
different cables and the astonishing claim by
the Price Current that the Government figures
on the spring crop were ridiculously low caused
the change in sentiment. Longs became dis
couraged and began to unload. Under this
pressure the market continued on the down-
Krade until September reached JOTie. At this
point the decided strength in corn began to
be felt in the wheat pit and produced a more
confident feeling. P?veral phorts became ner
vous and commenced to cover, forcing the
price up steadily to flTfcc. The upturn met
generous proilt-taking and the market soon be
gan to rag again. Claims from the Northwest
of a decided Improvement to the spring crop
as a result of recent rains added to the sell
ing movement mid September declined grad
ually to SO'.ic. There was a feeble rally dur
ing the laft hour on indications of a large de
crease In the visible, but the advance was only
temporary and th» market closed weak within
a fraction of the day's lowest, a decline of
2'tc below yesterday.
Reports of damage from drought and light
country acceptances strengthened corn. Sep
tember closed practically unchanged.
Oats ruled strong and active. The close was
unchanged for September.
Provisions were heavy throughout. Traders
sold lard and ribs owing to the weakness In
wheat. September pork closed at a decilne
of Wt(\2\>iC and !ard and ribs each les: 5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Julv SO SOU T8T4 79
AuguFt SOVi SI 79H 79V4
September -/• Sl% S2 SOU S09i
Corn No. X— '
July 44 44H «*i 43%
August 44Vi 44H 44 44«i
September 44V* 45 44>,i 44'-j
Oats No. 2—
July 24H 24H 24 24
August 24% 24»» 24U 24%
September 24^ 24=4 24H 24*,
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 50
Srptember 12 €5 12 70 12 57Va 12 60
Lard. r>er 100 lbs—
July .1 6 77*4
September 6 90 6 90 C 87H 6 67vs
October 6 92H 6 9214 6 90 6 90
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July... 7 00 7 024 6 93 6 95
September 7 00 7 02H 6 97H 6 974
! Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, slow.
No 2 spring wheat. 79 1 4'!?K0c: No. 3. 76!?i7Sc: No.
2 red, S2Vjc; No. 2 corn. 44Hc; No. 2 yellow.
41 s ic; No. 2 oats, 24Hc; No. 2 white. 27'£ti2$c:
i No 3 white, 27'~e; No. 2 rye, o7'a57H<";^ B'>od
! feeding barley, 3SQ42c; No. 1 flaxsoed, $1 80: No.
1 1 Northwestern. $1 SO; prime timothy seed. $3 15:
1 mess perk, per bbl. $12 50^12 55; lard, per 1<X>
'lbs, $S £0; short ribs sides (loo?r). J6 85©7 15;
i rtrv gnlted shoulders (boxed), 6';S"c; short
clear rides (boxed). $7 45S7 60; whisky, basis of
hlph wines. $1 23: susarf. cut lnaf. G.78c: sran
j ulated. C.22c; confectioners' "A." ti.lSc.
| rt i C ] Pg _ Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 12.000 8.000
' Wheat, bushels 33.C0O U.WiO
; Corn, bushels 479.000 41 r?£?
; Outs bushels 523.000 4SS.000
1 Rye, bushels 40,000 ..••.••
Barley, bushels 7,000 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was fairly steady; creamery, lSfcl^y.c;
dairy. 14@17c; eggs, firm, fresh lie; cheese, un
changed.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High an«l Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
? thortty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 13.
Sun rises J-^
Sun sets ..:.>-
Moon rises 8:09 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition or tne tides
the early morning tides are given tn the le.'t
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives tho second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column give* the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. Tha heights
given ar» in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes tha height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth gtven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Ei:is were ud to 2*i on the unfavorable bank
return.
It was expected that more treasury bilk
would be shown.
CLOSING
LONDON, July 12.— Atchison, 20%; Canadian
Pacific, 92; Union Pacific preferred, 7C»;; North
ern Pacific preferred. 73*;; Grand Trunk, 67s ;
Anaconda, 814. Bar silver, steady. 2S 7-lCd.
Money, l£ per cent.
40c; Red June. 80c; P. D., 65@75c: Walling and
Abundance, 75c; Sateuma, 65c. Prunes — Trag
edy, SoigsOc; Slmonl, 15<g«7Oc. Peaches— St.
Johns. 70cr<f$i 05; Hale's. 30075c. Twelve care
of fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The Earl Fruit Com-
I'.iny realized the following prices for Cali
crnula fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—
Jaitletts, box, $1 40#2 70, average $1 86.
Poaches— Imperials, box, 50@83c, avera.se 73u;
St. Johns, box. 45-955C, average 80c. Plums—
liurbanks. small crate. 30c®$l 10, average 69c;
Peach, small crate, 35c@$l 15. average 69c.
Purple Duane. small crate. 60c(g$l 60, average
75fc; Ogon, small crate, oOcgSlc, average 70c;
.Siueuma. small crate, ¦10<5 y 70c, average 69c.
l'runes— Slmoni. small crate. 15@90c: average
.'S_c: Tragedy, small crate. 55ffSf>c, average 6?c.
Weather favorable. Nineteen cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Peaches— Hale's. 35c(fi$l box; Early Crawfords,
75<fi90c; St. John. 60cft$l; Strawberry, 60c;
Decker, 95C0S1 10. Plums— Burbanks. 40c® $1 35
single crates; Abundance, oOStoc; Peach, $1;
Norman, $1 60; YVickEon, $1 50@2 55; California
red. S5c@J3 05: Garlich. $2 55: Royal Hatives.
65c: O<ron, 60fl"0c. Cherries — Royal Annes. Soc
©$1 30 box. Prunes— Tragedy, 5o'?93c single
crates; Simoni. 90c. Pears— Bartletts, 90c half
box; Concress. $1 half. box.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 8000.
Native steers, fairly active at average prices;
butchers' stock, steady. Natives, best four
loads, at $5 CO: good to prime steers, $5 03@5 75;
poor to medium. $4 56(@5; selected feeders. $43
4 60; mixed stockers. }2 65(53 75; cows, choice,
strong; others, steady, at J3@4 75; heifers, firm,
$395 40; canners, $2®2 SO; bulls, steady, $2 70
@4 50; calves, strong, $4 60^6 85. Texans, re
ceipts, 1000. Best on sale, one car load at $4 95;
Texas feed steers, shade lower, $4 1535; Texas
grasp steers. $3 5O@4 10; Texas bulls, steady,
$2 60@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 29,000; to-morrow, 2O.C00; left
over. 5000. Firm at yesterday's close; top.
active; closing, strong at $5 37^. Mixed butch
ers," $5 05<g5 35; good to choice heavy. $5 15@
5 35; rough, heavy, $5® 5 10; light, $5 15^5 37V4:
bulk of sales, $5 2505 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 8000; sheep and lambs,
active, steady to strong. Best lambs, $6 90;
good to choice wethers. $4 10®4 50: fair to choica
mixed. $3 10*@4 10; Western sheep and yearlings,
J3 63iiT4 60; Texas sheep, $3 15£4: native lambs,
$4 25Q6 90; Western lambs, $3Q6 23.
Neii' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 12.— METALS— Trade was
very slow for metals. Tin showed considernble
strength again to-day. In London the mar
ket advanced 10s but closed easy In tone, while
the local market closed firmer at $33 05333 50.
Copper continues dull and unchanged here, de
spite a decline of 5s abroad. The close was
dull at $16.50. Lead was dull at $3 97Vi<S4 02*4.
Spelter ruled 2s Cd lower In London, but dull
and unchanged here at $4 2OQ-4 25. The brokers'
price for lead was $3 SO and for copper, $1B 23.
The small reduction in the June output of plg-
Iron and the large Increase In the unsold stock
made an unfavorable impression and prices In
all markets were tending downward. Steel bil
lets are practically quoted at $20 at the mills.
Plglron warrants were quoted at $13 50.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 12.— Speculation in cotton
futures to-day was on a hesitating If not on an
indifferent scale and was lacking In the ele
ment of outside demand. The course of the
market was irrecular, within narrow ranges.
The close was steady, 3 points hlcher to 6
points lower.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 12.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 12,700 bales were offered. Practically
all were sold. There was much more spirited
feeling than during the last day or two, buy
ers operating more freely and the demand was
more general. There was an all-round Im
provement. Good merinos were competed for
above the rates prevailing: at the opening.
Poor and faulty grades were neglected and
fine light crossbreds were dearer. Good medium
wools were bid for by Americans freely at full
advances.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 12.— Clearings, $36S,47S;
balances, J S3. 411.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON'.
PORTLAND, July 12.— Firty-nlne and 60c was
offered for Walla Walla wheat to-day, with
some actual business reported at 59He and re
porte from the country that 60c was bid; valley
was quoted at L7c and bluestem was salable
around CO^jfilc.
Cleared— Hark lizzie Bell, for Queenstown,
with FiS.3G5 bushels of wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were ES.365 bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. July 12— WHEAT— No change In
prices; bluestem, 59c; club. 57c; both export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 12.— Consols. 99H. Silver.
28 7-16d. French rentes, 99f 97%c. Wheat car
goes on passage, quieter; hardly any demand;
No. 1 standard California. 31s 6d; Walla Walla.
29s 6d; Oregon, 31s 9d. English country mar
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 12.— WHEAT— Firm: No.
1 standard California, 6s 6d; wheat In Paris.
Eteady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 27-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. July 12.-WIIEAT-Spot. firm;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Cd; No. 1 California,
6s 5d:p6s 6d; futures, quiet, steady; July, nom
inal: September, 6s %d: December, nominal.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4s l¥»d; do old. 4s 3d; futures, steady; July,
48 l^d; September, 4s 2Ud.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
continues neglected. Otherwise there Is noth
ing new.
URAN— $12" 50213 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17320 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill. *26@27; Jobbing $2ioU
(fr2S; Cocoanut Cake. $2C!g21: Corn Meal. J-4 50.
Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed, $14.
HAY— Wheat, $8 50^11 for common to good.
$1150 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $3 50@ll; Oat.
NEW' HAY— Volunteer. $4 50<fffi ."0; Wheat
$7 60@10 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@10; Oat. $7
@S 60; Clover, $4 50^5; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley,
$6<§S per ton.
faTKAW— 2J©37Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The B<?an market continues well held but
dull.
BEAXS-Bayos. $2 S5©3: Small White. $3 23®
3 40; large White, }2 75@2 SO; Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red. $2 30<ff3; Blackeye. $2 50@3 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30®5 40; Pea. $3 40@3 &0; Red
Kidneys. $4g4 50. 2,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. $1 90@2 20: Canary. 3>*c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern;- Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, ry.(ff3c; Hemp, 4@4^c; Timo
thy, 4@4%C.
DRIED— PEAS— Nlles, J2 23®2 50; Green, $2 25
<32 tO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes are In free supply and weak. There
is a good deal of poor Dry Corn offering. Other
vegetables stand about the same.
There Is no change worthy of note In Pota
toes and Onions.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 6O@7Oc: New
Early Rose, 30@40c; New Burbanks, 33@;5c pel
ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. 503«3c; Yellow, 90c®*J
Green Corn. 73c®n 25 per
Back; 11 per crate for Berkeley and $1@$1 50
for Alameda; Asparagus. 75c<3$3 per box;
Green Peas. 2@3V4c per lb: String Beans, 1V4@
3c; Llmas, — ; Cabbage, 40@50c: Tomatoes. 10@
35o per small box; Rivers. 75c®$l 25; Egg Plant.
75cigSl 25 per box; Green Okra. 12^c: Green
Peppers, 35c@$l per box for Chill and 50cft<l
for Bell: Dried Peppers, 8310c: Carrots, 25'83ic
per sack: Summer Squash. 50<g65o for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 25<@50c for Alameda; Garlic,
2®3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is In good shape for sellers owing:
to light supplies. Receipts from the East this
week have been limited.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
lers and 10©12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25;
Goslings. $1 25<gl 60; Ducks. $3 5004 for old
and $4@4 50 for young: Hens. $4S5; young Roos
ters. *4 50® 6; old Rosters, $4; Fryers, $1:
Broilers, $3^3 00 for large and $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, 51 50 per dozen for old and SI 50
©1 75 for Squabs.-
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market for all descriptions Is quoted very
dull at unchanged prices. Some fancy Butter
Is bringing considerably over the quotations,
but such lots are scarce. Otherwise the market
Is featurelss.
BUTTEIt—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18%@19c; sec
onds, 17H<§18c
Dairy— Fancy. 1614: good to choice, 15^@16c;
common. 14tf?15c.
CHEESE— New, 8®9o; Young America, 9'43
10c: Eastern, 16<&17c; Western, lSifific per rb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14S15c for store and 17®
ISc per dozen for ranch; Eastern 14V4@13c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apricots seem to be doing rather better agalt
and choice are selling up to $20 to the canners.
but there is a good deal of very small fruit
which Is not wanted at any price. Peaches
continue weak, though Ftocks are not excessive.
Plums are slow In spite of moderate supplies.
Arrivals of Grapes and Melons continue light.
Fears are in ample supply and rather slow.
DECTr»l r «Miy KhMITB-;
APRICOTS— 20@:>0c per box and crate; In
baskets. 20<g30c and $7 S0<S20 per ton to the can-
APPLF.S— 50c«?$l for large boxes; Graven
stelnF, Tocilfl 15; Crabapples. 25^'0c per box.
PEARS— 25(ft50c per box; Bartletts, aO'gSac.
PLUMS— 20ij3oc per box and crate and 20'/?30c
SC^SOc pr crate and'20W33c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— f2ij3 SO per chest for
large and tZfil for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3<f?6 per chest.
IH.ACKBERRIES — $2@4 per chest.
I.OGAN BEItHIES- $7(53 per chest.
CURRANTS-?2fi3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-6<5Sc per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 25S40c for single and iO'5>*c
for double layers.
NECTARINES — White, 40®50c per box; red.
PEACHES— 25033c per box and 2j£3.ic per
basket for common and 23S5"c P«r box and
25 "ft 40c per basket for Crawfords; Id bulk. $lo®
20 per ton.
GRAPES — Seedless, from Arizona, $1 2551 M
per crate; Fontalnebleau, from Vacavllle, 65@
S5o.
MELOXS-N'utmfEi, TKcg'Sl 75 per case and
crate; Cantaloupes, per case and $3 £0 for
Jarce crates.
CITRUS— FRUITS— St. Michaels. $152; Va
lenclas, 51 60^2 50; Lemons, $131 50 for com
mon and $2S3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. J5; Bananas. 75cg'$2 60 per bunch: Pine
apples, Jl 50@3 E0 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The California Cured Fruit Association will
hereafter Issue weekly bulletins of the condition
of the crops. The first one was Issued yester
day and reports the severest drop In Prunes In
the Santa Clara Valley known in recent years,
which will reduce previous estimates of the
crop from 10 to 20 per cent. In some orchards
nearly all the Prunes are dropping from the
trees. The bulletin further says that the drop
is severer in the Santa Clara than in any
other district.
DRIED KKUITS— Old Crop— l'runes, in sacks.
4Vi@4^c for 40-50's, Z\ilic for EO-60's, 3U<iJ3%c
for 60-70' s. 3>-;S3Vic for 70-SO's, 31J3Vic for SO-SJs
and 2%?J3c for 90-JOO's: Peaches. 4%@43ic for
Standards, Ec for choice and 5V4@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10J?12\ic; Evaporated Apples,
5H@6c; sun-dried, 3<jJ4c per lb; Pears, Z\i'Qi^c
for dark and 7@8c for bright halves: Black
Figs. l ! )i®2c; White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached
Plums. 7Vic; fiibleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and IVic for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6@7\4c per lt>.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
IT). 10c: cholc*. 9c: standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per It). 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per 1b, S'jc; choice, 74c; standard, 6Hc:
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultana*, 6c; Seedless,
fO-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, h 1 .^:;
3-crown, 6 J ic; 4-crown, 7c; London I^ayers, 2
crown, $1 BO per box; 3-crown. %l 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
XUTS — Walnuts, 8<fj9e for Standards and !V2
]0c for softshells; Almonds. lH4@12c for paper
shell. 9@We f"r soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5 a i'ff6^Jc for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7H(£Sc; Filberts, 1231214c;
Pecans ll!£?13e: Cocoanuts, $3 C0S5.
HONEY— Comb-. 12H«13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber: water white, 7U@7**c; light
amber extracted. 6?«^7c; dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24S26C per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues slow and featureless.
CUUKD MEATS — Bacon. 10®10Uc Der 1b for
heavy, lO%01OV4c for light medium. ll«4c for
light, 12Vic for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12(gl3c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
llv 114: extra Prime Pork, $15: extra clear, $19;
Mops. J16 CO; Smoked Beef. 12%®13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
S?4c; 10-lb tins. OVic: C-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. STic; three
half barrels. S'iic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces, S?fcc per lb.
Sides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9V4c: medium, 8Uc: light. 8^c: Cowhides. 8>,4c;
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8c; Calf, 9c; Dry Hides,
sound. lGc; culls and brands. 13c: Dry Kip.
lac; Dry Calf. 16c; Sheepskins, Shearlings, 20®
80c each: short Wool, 20@50c each: medium, 60
6S0c; Ion? Wool. 90c@{l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2@2 25 for large, $1 73 for medium. $1 for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 &0
for large, II 25 for medium. $1 for small and 25
ffGCc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, Soc; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. COc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2,
3c: retired, 5^ic; grease. !&2Vic
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14@15c: Northern defective. 12®
14c: Middle County, free, 14<&16c: Middle County,
defective, 12®14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 11{712c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10(gl2c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', Dffillc: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16IS1SC: Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fnll Clip — San Jcaquln Lambs'. SWOc per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at SJflOc per lb; new. 9@10c
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5©G'ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, SV4®9c; small, 9^@10Hc per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7'/4S??c: ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8%@9c per lb.
PORK-Live Hogs. €^6Hc for small, 5%@5%c
for medium and S«4<ra5%c for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 6>£c; dressed Hogs, SlfJS^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6»ic: Wool Bags, 28%®32>4c;
Fleece Twir.e. 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%g6%c for
white and SUSTSHc for bleached jute.
COAL— .Wellington. $8 per ton: new-Welling
ton, JS; Southfleld Wellington. $S; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. {3; Co-
79c for boiled in bbls; cases. o c more.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY? JULY 12. 1900.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.C76I
WASHINGTON.
UTAH.
Flour, qr eks L2oO!
THE SAN 1TKAJNU1SUO UALL, F1UDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
NEW* YORK. July 12.— The phrase "petered
out" Lost expresses what happened to the up
ward movement of prices to-day. The action
of the ctexk trarljet was entirely aside from
any news of the day as was the case with
yesterday's sharp rise. In fact the news ct
the day for the most part was fa\-orat>le to
higher prices. The reaction must therefore be
attributed to purely technical causes. It teems
to demonstrate that yesterday's J'.imp in prices,
¦which «-8B primarily directeJ against the short
Interest, has resulted In eliminating the weak
portion of the uncovered shorts. Yesterday's
considerable rise invited heavy profit-taking to
day, bat after prices had fallen considerably
pressure from that source relaxed and an effort
was then made to renew the bull demonstra
tion of resterdmy. When Union Pacific got up
to 56 it b-c.-ime manifest that the orders to sell
u: that levc! were larger than the present bull
rnanascrs were prepared to absorb. That stock
then fell back and its heaviness was practically
unrelieved for the remainder of the day. The
«-fiV>rts of the bulls were then shifted to Balti
more and Ohio, which as a consequence was
rushed up 2*4 from tiie low point. Th's
mareuver proved unavailing to hold the mar
ket and tho latter part of the day showed
almost unrelieved stagnation. The offerings
were of a mere dribble, but even that could
not b*> slif-irlx-d by the feeble buying demand
end abuut all of the earlier gains were wiped
out. th** lev*! of prices penerally falling below
last nifht. The market Ignored completely the
crop rrrof'jx-cts as reflected in the grain market.
The money market in New York Is practically
lifeless r<> that un extra inducement would
probably draw g«M from the New York banks.
The bond market continued dull and Irregu
lar. Tntal sales, par value. Ji.l&o.COO.
United states rplunding 2s. when issued, and
pew 4s nOvam-ed. % and :.« 14 in the bid price.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eha.ro* ifit'fe* Closing
KoJd. Ftock— Bid.
2.00 Atchtsun 2CH
16,iRS Atchison prefd 63 T 4
17. ICC Italtlinnre & Ohio 74Vi
210 Canadian Pacific S9li
300 Oar.ada Southern 491,
14.170 Chesapeake & Ohio 27»i
COO Chicago Great Western 11
6,700 Chicago. Huritnpton A Qulncy 325*,
Chicago. Ind & Louisville 22*i
... Chicago, Jnd & Louisville prefd to'
HO Chicago & Eastern Illinois 93
8
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat end Barley declined.
Qats continue firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Another advance in Hay. Fecdstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs very dull.
Very little trade in Provisions.
Meat market shows no change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply.
Severe Prune drop reported in the Santa Clara Valley
Linseed Oil advanced.
Poultry in moderate supply and selling well.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
California Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
July 12. 1D00.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
O Time Time ITlme! Time
p Ft Ft. ' Ft. Ft
S L. W IH W L. W) HW|
13 ... 6:5:1-0.7 1:mJ 6.0 5:30 2.7 11:43J 5.
li ... 6:31-0.4 1:40 6.1 6:45 2.4 ..........
II W L. W H W L. W
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 3:17 5.4 7:45 2.
18 ... 1:45 1.1 7:58 0.5 2:36 5.5 8:49 1.
17 ... 2:5:i 4.7J 8:4:' -1.1 3:37 6.6 9:51 1.
IS ... 4:05 4.3! 9:3:! 1.61 4:23 5.8l 11:01 0.
13 ... 6:23 3.9! 10:25| 2.2! 5:10| 6.9| (....
Steamer.
; From. I Du<
Newburg
Arcata. ..........
Eureka
Point Arena....
..{Grays Harbor .July
,.|Coos Bay jJuly
. .Humboldt [July
.[Point Arena [July
<v,qul!l« River.
nur'ka
Corona
Columbia
Tellus
Orizaba
Matteawan
Willamette
Uonlta
Walla Walla...
.'Hurr.boldt ............! July
..,j-an ut«-tto I July
..IPortland Julv
..Oyster Harbor Ju!y
. Humboldt July
..ITacoma July
.. [Seattle |Ju!y
..;Newport July
.IVlctoria & Puget Sound July
Slam
Warfleld
..lOyster Harbor July
. .! Oyster Harbor I July
Coptic
Abydos
Australia
.. China and Japan ljuly
.. Hamburg - July
.. Honolulu July
Santa Rosa
,.[San Dlffto July
Pelgian Kins..
Empire
..jChlna and Japan IJnly
..;Coo» Bay : July
Crescent City..
.JCrejeent City [July
Stae of Cal
Steamer.
IDe
it
Sai:
!J9.
I I
— i-
CoquiJI- II..
n Hi
3pr
Coos Bay...
As**
.port
July 14.
St. Paul
e Noi
2 r'
Eureka •••¦
ruly 14.
IP
Arcata —
City Pupbla
North Fork
Nome City.
Pt. Arena..
& I 'c
nb"!J
it Ar
t sa.ij
n j
me...]J
ena.. jJ
11 ar
12 r
10 a:
:pr
1! a:
Newbur:? ..
Columbia ..
fuly IT.
Orizaba . . .
V»ivn.-.rf
..Ilur
¦Ana •
f r
...
. .>an
City Janeiro
r.a&J
U r
Steamer.
IDe
it
Sai:
!J9.
I I
— i-
CoquiJI- II..
n Hi
3pr
Coos Bay...
As**
.port
July 14.
St. Paul
e Noi
2 r'
Eureka •••¦
ruly 14.
IP
Arcata —
City Pupbla
North Fork
Nome City.
Pt. Arena..
& I 'c
nb"!J
it Ar
t sa.ij
n j
me...]J
ena.. jJ
11 ar
12 r
10 a:
:pr
1! a:
Newbur:? ..
Columbia ..
fuly IT.
Orizaba . . .
V»ivn.-.rf
..Ilur
¦Ana •
f r
...
. .>an
City Janeiro
r.a&J
U r
Steamer.
; From. I Du<
Newburg
Arcata. ..........
Eureka
Point Arena....
..{Grays Harbor .July
,.|Coos Bay jJuly
. .Humboldt [July
.[Point Arena [July
<v,qul!l« River.
nur'ka
Corona
Columbia
Tellus
Orizaba
Matteawan
Willamette
Uonlta
Walla Walla...
.'Hurr.boldt ............! July
..,j-an ut«-tto I July
..IPortland Julv
..Oyster Harbor Ju!y
. Humboldt July
..ITacoma July
.. [Seattle |Ju!y
..;Newport July
.IVlctoria & Puget Sound July
Slam
Warfleld
..lOyster Harbor July
. .! Oyster Harbor I July
Coptic
Abydos
Australia
.. China and Japan ljuly
.. Hamburg - July
.. Honolulu July
Santa Rosa
,.[San Dlffto July
Pelgian Kins..
Empire
..jChlna and Japan IJnly
..;Coo» Bay : July
Crescent City..
.JCrejeent City [July
Stae of Cal
O Time Time ITlme! Time
p Ft Ft. ' Ft. Ft
S L. W IH W L. W) HW|
13 ... 6:5:1-0.7 1:mJ 6.0 5:30 2.7 11:43J 5.
li ... 6:31-0.4 1:40 6.1 6:45 2.4 ..........
II W L. W H W L. W
15 ... 0:45 5.4 7:14 0.0 3:17 5.4 7:45 2.
18 ... 1:45 1.1 7:58 0.5 2:36 5.5 8:49 1.
17 ... 2:5:i 4.7J 8:4:' -1.1 3:37 6.6 9:51 1.
IS ... 4:05 4.3! 9:3:! 1.61 4:23 5.8l 11:01 0.
13 ... 6:23 3.9! 10:25| 2.2! 5:10| 6.9| (....
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Office 630 Market St.. Phone Black 3571. will
gell TO-DAY UPRIGHT GRAND PIANO an.l
r,ew Oak Furnishings of fiat. 6 rooms, K2J
MARKET ST. Sale at 11 a. m.
EiHL COHN. Auctioneer.The Sir Robert Fernie Does Some
Damage to the Yosemite Off
Barge OHlce.
There wp.s a collision off the barge of
fice last night between the British ship
Sir Robert Fernie, bound in, and the
Chilian bark Yosemite. lying at anchor in
the harbor. Fortunately the weather was
calm and not much damage was done.
The Yosemite had her jibboom and head
£"ar carried away and the bulwarks on
the port quarter of the British ship were
flove in.
The Sir Robert Fernie was sailing up
the bay on a light breeze. The night was
clear and. the water smooth. The breeze
died away suddenly as she was passing
the Yosr-mite and she swung around be
fore an anchor could be put down. For
tunately the vessels did not come together
heavily; but merely scraped. They were
towed apart by the tugs Redmond and
Alert.
BRITISH SHIP AND
BARK IN COLLISION
ARRANGEMENTS FOR
W. E. MALE'S FUNERAL!
OAKLAND. July n.— The funeral of the !
late Williarr. Klmer'Hale will take place j
from St. Pool's: Episcopal Church Puiur- j
day afternoon. The interment will be at ;
Mountain View Cemetery, where services |
will be held u:iaer the auspices of Oak
land Lode* No. 1SS. F. and A. M.. and
Oakland Commandery No. 11, Knights
Templar. The deceased was a member of j
both organizations.
Mr. Hale was also a member of the :
Sons nf the American Revolution, beintj :
B direct oeaeendant of the famous Nathan
Jiaie of Revolutionary fame and a groat
grandson of Dr. John Hale. In I£S2 he whs
a member of the Second California Vol- j
ur.teer Cavalry, and fought with that '
organization in Arizona against the !
Indians. ?
The rx-wr_rden was feeling very well
Tuesday night, arsl on the following day
went t" San r*ranclsco on buslntf*. While
there h<: was taken with pains in the
Kt'iir.ach and forced to return Home,
where he died.
Point Lobos Improvement Club.
The Point L.obos Improvement Club held
its regular semi-monthly meeting last
evening at Richmond Hall. O. K. Gush
ing occupied the chair and George Ma
goonis was secretary. A committee con
sisting of \V. C. Billington, H. U. Jaudin
and John J.Cassidywas appointed to wait
upon the Board of Public Works regard
ing the reduction of the width of side
walks on Clement street from nineteen
feet to flftceen feet. On motion of J. B.
Eckman it was decided to petition the
P.oard of Health to thoroughly flush the
sewers of the Richmond district, as their
condition demands this work; also to
carefully investigate the connection of the
side street fewers with the main sewer,
as it is thought that many of these cross
street sewers are not running into the
main sewer at all. On motion' of P. J.
Ward a demand will be made upon the
Beard of Public Works to sprinkle with
water Point I,ohos avenue, as was done
when the avenue was under the jurisdic
tion of the Park Commissioners.
T-Ian Acquitted of Theft Demands
That Coin Be Given to
Him.
The suit of George Baker against the
clerk; Of Judge Lawlor's court and F. A.
N'i'wcomh for ihe return of $70 was on trial
in Justice of the Peacf Harry's court yes
terday. Ilaker was tried in Judge I-aw
lor'B court on thf charge of grand lar
crny. but was acquitted, and he now de
raandfl the money which he was accused
of Mealing and which is retained by the
ei^rk by the court's order. Newcomb was
rcade a defendant in the suit in the Jus
tire's Court, as he- claimed that Baker
took the money from his pockets while
both were rooming in the Kamnna lodg
ing-house. It is to determine the owner
s-hip of the money that the suit was
brought.
Detective Reynolds was a witness, and
told how he found $•><) in Baker's sock
when the latter was arrested for the
theft. Attorney James P. Sweeney made
some remark which ruffled Reynolds' tem
per, and the trial was Interrupted until
Reynolds could compose himself. New
enrhb was placed on the stand and said
that he and Dak<-r were in Manila with
one of the volunteer regiments, and on
coming- back to this city they took a room
together. He testified that the money b?
longed to him «"nd that Baker had appro
priated It. The case was taken under ad.
vistment by Judge Barry and a decision
will be rendered in a few days.
TO FIX OWNERSHIP OF
ALLEGED STOLEN MONEY
Efforts of the Ladies of the Greek
Church to Add to the Famine
Fund.
Th* Ladies' Orthodox Christian Endeavor
Society of the Greek church are holding
a "Russian tea" for the benefit of the
famine fund for the stricken poor of
India. The tea opened yesterday In the
parlors of the church, on Powell street,
near Union. I . ¦
The parlors have bren prettily decorated,
the Rusgian flag forming the basis of the
color scheme: and Russian samovars, from
which the tea is served, play their part
in the beauty of the rooms as well as the
excellence of the tea.
The tea will continue until to-morrow
afternoon. Including to-night. It will open
in the afternoon at 2 o'clock. Yesterday's
business added quite a tidy sum to the
fund, and the outlook for the remainder
of the affair is brisht.
The ladies in charge are: Mrs. Con
stantino, president of the society; Mrs.
Pabovich, iir?t vice president: Miss Sava,
second vice president; Mrs. Popoff. secre
tarv: Mrs. Paskofsky, treasurer, and Miss
Bratemos. Miss Valentine Ligda, Miss
Lizzie Kashevlnkoff and the Misses Na
talie and Alexandria Xlctropolisky.
dressed In Russian costumes, served tea
from the samovar*, and Miss Schroder,
ciressed In the Roumanian costume, su
pervised their efforts.
SERVE RUSSIAN TEA
TO HELP THE HINDOOS
Will Aid in Stamping Out the Ex
isting Epidemic of
Smallpox.
WASHINGTON. July 12,-As a result of
a conference, to-day between Assistant
Secretary Taylor and the officials of the
marine hospital service two additional
surgeons l.ave bren ordered to proceed at
once from San Francisco to Seattle, thence
by boat to Cape Nome, to assist in stamp
ing out the smallpox now epidemic at that
place.
CAUSE OF PRUNE DROP.
Bulletin Issued by California Cured
Fruit Association.
Special IMsj'atch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 12.— The California
Cured Fruit Association, which was re
cently organized by the prune-growers of
the State to handle the dried prune crop,
to-day .Issued the following signed bul
letin in regard to the fruit crop at this
season:
We have carefully gathered reports from
members of this association during the pan
week concerning the effect of what Is known
as the "June drop" on growing fruit crop,
especially prunes. Our reports are especially
complete from this county (Santa Clara), which
furnlsheB three-fifth of the prune output of the
State, and convinces Uf that the severity of
the droi> Is unparalleled in recent years. Re
ports Indicate that the drop will reduce the out
put from 10 to 20 per cent from previous esti
mates. The drop seems to he more severe In
this county than in the State outside. In some
orchards nearly all the prunes are dropping
from the trees. The causes of the severe drop
are:
First, the hot spell that came Just at the
critical period; second, lack of moisture in the
EUbsoll aa a result of light rainfall for the
past few years.
Only a few orchards have escaped.
Prunes slightly affected by spring frost
remained on trees until the hot wave
came. The effect on peaches and apricots
has been to ripen them prematurely, thus
diminishing their weight and size. Apri
cots are also drying out heavily on trays.
This will lessen the total output con
siderably. The California Cured Fruit As
sociation controls nearly 90 per cent ol
the prune crop of the State.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
PARIS. July 12.— The rrem!»r. M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, is confined to his bed by sickness.
BUFFALO. July 12.— George & Co., wholesale
dealers in straw goods, hatR and umbrellas,
have assigned. No statement of assets or lia
bilities was filed.
J-OXPON. July 12. — In the bankruptcy court
to-day a receiving order was Issued against
Baron Sudeley. The amount of his liabilities
was not announced.'
NEW YOKK, July 12.— The Adaln Turkcs
Hanking Company, one of the oldest in Xcw
ark, N. J., to-day filed a deed of assignment.
Liability*. $S6.<m; assets. 1110,201.
LONDON. July 12.— An exceptional heat wave
is causing numerous sunstrokes and prostra
tions. In London the thermometer registered
129 degrees In the sun and'S6 In the shade at
noon.
MILWAUKEE. July 12.— The rail reducing
mill Ht Bayvi»w Works of the Illinois Steel
Company started up to-day, after being Idle
two weeks. Over 200 men are affected. The
scale agreed upon is practically the same aa
last year.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. July 12.-At Credswell.
Shelbyvllle County.- thirty-nine miles cast of
here, John Jennings, colored, was lynched to
day. Thursday last Jennings shot and killed
Martin, a laborer. Jennings was arrested and
taken from the officers by a mob.
WASHINGTN. July 12.— Colonel J. E. Boyd,
Assistant Attorney General in the Department
of Justice, has been appointed Judge for the
Northern District of North Carolina to fill the
vacancy caused by the rejection by the Senate
of the nomination of Judge Ewart.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The stockholders of
the Western . Union Telegraph Company held
trjeir annual meeting at the company's offices
in Jersey City to-day, when the following' direc
tors were elected: Thomas T. Eckert, Charles
A. Tinker. A. R. Brewer and A. B. Dmholf.
The directors subsequently elected Thomas T.
Eckart president, Charles A. Tinker vice presi
dent and Thomas F. Clark secretary.
NEW YORK, July 12.— In the Fayerweathei
will ease a decision was delivered by Judge La
combs In the United States Circuit Court to
day. The court holds for the -several benefi
ciaries and dismisses the amended bills of
complaint and cross bills of Emma 8. Fayer
weather and Mary W. Achter, the complain
ants. The beneficiaries by the decision number
nineteen.' and Include Yale University J3CO.0OO.
Cornell University 1200,000, Lafayette. College,
Fasten. Pa., and Marietta College, Marietta,
Ohio, $50,000 each.
ADDITIONAL SURGEONS
ORDERED TO NOME
Miss Fannie Mayer of New York
Weds Z. H. Kubenstein of Grass
Valley.
A happy marriage was solemnized at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Epstein,
V.2 Fulton street. Wednesday afternoon.
The contracting parties were Mis.» Fannie
Mayer, the daughter of a druggist iu
New York City, and Z. H. Rubenstein
of Grass Valley, Cal. Tho bride and
groom met over three years ago and it
was a case of love at first sighi. A cor
respondence was kept up. and recently
Mi«s Mayer traveled over 3W) miles to
meet the man who loved her, and the
ceremony 1 of Wednesday was the result.
Three years apo Mr. Rubenstein; who is
e well-known business man of Grass Val
ley. departed Irom this State for a trip
through F.urnpe. While in New York he
became acquainted with Miss Mayer. They
parted shortly sifter tb<- acquaintance was
made but eventually they decided to wed.
and Mi-s Mayer came to the coast for that
purpose.
{tabbl Jacob Xieto performed the cere
mony. The house was tastefully deco
rated. Miss E!?:e Levy played the wed
ding march and Mi?s Florin Levitt acted
as flower girl. After the ceremony a
sumptuous supper was served. The happy
¦couple departed yesterday for Santa i.'ruz.
-.vhVro they will spend their honeymoon.
They will reside in Sacramento. Tho brids
is the daughter of B: Mayer, a prosperous
(iruRprist In New York City. She is a grad
uate of the New York State Normal
School.
CROSSED CONTINENT TO
MARRY MAN SHE LOVED
Anniversary Celebration in Odd Fel
lows' Hall Last Evening—En
tertainment and Dance.
There was a larpe number of people in
Odd Fellows' Hall last night by invita
tion of Yerba Huena lx>dpe No. 15, I. O.
O. F.. to take part in the celebration fes
tivities in honor of tht? forty-seventh an
niversary of the institution of the lodge.
After selections by the orchestra and an
addrcF-s of welcome by I'ast Grand Mas
ter It. H. Lloyd, the following programme
was carried out:
Soprano foIo, "The Flower Song 1 ' (Faust),
Mies MabPlle Christen; B0eclilUI#8, J- B. W»n;
xvlophono polo, J. Casatl; a few pleasant mo
ments with \V. J. Hynes: selections. Knicker
bocker Quartet, Herbert Williams tim tenor,
c. M. Elliott second tenor. D. B. Crane first
l>a«s. I* A. Larson second ba«s<.
This was followed by a programme, of
fifteen dances. The affair was under the
direction of the following:
Executive commlttee-U. S. G. Clifford, J. D.
Pchlwn Benjamin B. Duncan. W. H. Hrott.
James iioye* John A. Ohlson. F. J. Hmithson.
B. F. Wellington, Charles A. Stahle. \y. I.
Crossett.
Chairman of the evening. Reuben H. Lloyd;
floor mannfcer. W. II. Urott: floor committee-
Charles A. •Wisewell. William P. Humphreys,
\V D. Keypton. Thomas G. Martin, Kre«l Swan.
A. B. Moon, William R. Dorr.
Reception roinmittfe— J. L>. Pchloen, A. V.
Cheshire. John A. Ohlson. Georire B. Conant.
Daniel Burns. looter K. James. George I,. Per
ham. John Hutler. M. S. JeffVrs Jr.. Henry F.
Nounaber. Frnnk D. Worth. H. C. Porter.
YERBA BUENA LODGE IS
FORTY-SEVEN YEARS OLD
Room of Chinese Cook in Sutherland-
Looted and a Few Trinkets
Taken.
A daylight thief has been operating In
a fashionable hotel on Sutter street. A
report was made at the California street
police station last night that some time
yesterday one of the rooms in the Suth
erland was entered and a small amount
of booty pecured. Police officers were im
mediately detailed on the case, but as yet
they have no clew as to who the culprit
may be.
According to the guests of the hotel no
suspicious characters were seen to enter
or leave the building. The supposition is
that the crook, being unacquainted with
the premises, forced an entrance at the
rear and commenced to operate. The first
room available was that occupied by a
Chinese cook. A number of trinkets
were taken from the Mongolian's apart
ment. The thief stopped at this.
THIEF OPERATES IN
FASHIONABLE HOTEL
PAUPER IMMIGRANTS
HEADED FOR AMERICA
tiled a suit in the St. I^ouls Circuit Court
late this afternoon to annul the purchase*
of the Southern Electric Railway by tha
St. Louis Transit Company.
The case will be a test one. and If it
wins will break up the entire deal by
which the St. Louis Transit Company was
organized.
It Is charged In the petition that the
rights of the minority stockholders have
not been considered and the suit is
brought to restore them to their rights.
Defendant in a Case Before
Circuit Court.
ST. LOTTIS. July 12.— Attorney General
Crow, on behalf of the minority stock
holders of the Southern Electric Railway.
St. Louis Transit Company Mada the
SUIT TO ANNUL THE
SALE OF A RAILROAD
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. July 12.-The
Associated Bill Posters of the United
States Jn annual convention to-day chose
San Francisco as «.he place of meeting in
1301.
GIBRALTAR. July 12.— The United
States cruiser Baltimore is here awaiting
orders. The Baltimore left Manila early
in May, and was last reported at Malta,
July 2. She has Rear Admiral Watson on
board. a
Bill Posters to meet Here.
Watson at Gibraltar.
STOCKTON. July 12.— A colored deck
hand named John Bowers fell Into Stock
ton channel to-day while on the Wash
ington-street side of a steamer. He was
rescued from the water, but died an hour
after of asphyxiation.
Deckhand Drowned.
WASHINGTOM, July 12. — Commisst'orer
General Powdsrlv has received a telegram
from the Immigration officials at Eacle
Pass. Texas, in which they state they
have Information that about 1200 pauper
Italians are on their way north fr.>m
Mexican ports with a view to crossing th»
Mexican line Into the United States. For
ty-three of these Italians. It was said, al
readv have been stopped and turned back.
but "in view of the large number on the
way the officials ask authority to appoint
ten mounted men to patrol the Rio Grar.d >
and prevent their crossing. This authority
has been granted.
Treaty Approved.
ROME. July 12. — The Chamber of Depu
ties to-day approved the commercial
treaty between the United States and
Italy.
was arrested to-day on a charge of
threatening to commit murder preferred
by Eli Packard, a neighboring rancher.
Their trouble has been long standing. A
year ago Packard mlFsed some hay and
he accused Reynolds of stealing It. Later,
while drinking at a spring, a bullet
whizzed close to Packard's head and he
laid this attempt at assassination to Rey
nolds. He told several of his neighbors
of the matter and when Reynolds heard
of It he threatened to kill Packard if he
ever came near him.
DEUTSCHLAWD BREAKS
TRANS-ATLANTIC RECORD
BIDS SOON TO BE ASKED
FOR THE PACIFIC CABLE
Beats the Fast Initial Trip Made by
the Kaisar Wilhclm der Grosse
Over Five Hours.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The new exprrss
steamer Deutschland of the Hamburg-
American line arrived to-day from Ham
burg. Cherbourg and Plymouth In the
record time from the latter port of five
days fifteen hours and forty-?lx minutes,
a distance of 3044 knots, at an average of
22.42 knots per hour.
The distance Is six knots shorter than
the ili.stance made by the Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse in November. 1S&>. when she
made her best record of five days, seven
teen hours and thirty-seven minute*, at
an average speed of 22.19. This is the fast
est initial trip made across the Atlantic.
The first trip by the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse was made in five days, twenty
two hours and thirty-five minutes over' a
distance of 2030 knots.
Freight Cars "Wrecked.
SACRAMENTO, July 11— To-day some
twenty freight cars broke away on a sid
ing on the Oregon line, north of Dun?
muir, and went on a wild race. They
jumped the track at various intervals and
are scattered along the road for miles. Xo
one was injured by them.
Killed by a Train.
special Dispatch to The Call.
.N'APA. July 12.— William Weatherhead
was killed by a special train yesterday af
ternoon. The accident occurred near the
Xapa depot. AVeatherhead was asleep on
the track when the engine struck him.
His neck was broken. Deceased was 42
years of age and a physical wreck from
the use of drugs. A Coroner's jury to-day
rendered a verc'ict that death was acci
dental. A mother and sister, residing in
Vallejo, and one living in can Francisco,
survive him.
Child Fatally Burned.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Lucille, the three
year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. O.
Morse of Santa Clara, while left tempo
rarily in the charge of a servant thld
afternoon, found and ignited som?
matches, setting her clothing on fire. The
flames were quickly extinguished, but not
toefore she was fatally burned, death re
sulting a few hours later. Mr. Morse is
an employe at the Mare Island navy-yard
and a brother of the late C. C. Morse, a
well-known seedsman.
Election Invalidated.
SANTA ROSA. July 12.— In the action
brought by ex-City Recorder Prlngle to
have the election of W, T. Bagley to the
office of City Recorder declared illegal
on the ground that the polls at the elec
tion held last November were closed at
5 p. m. instead -of being kept open until
6 p. m.. Judge Dougherty to-day decided
in favor of Pringle. * The decision render
ed to-day affects all those elected to office
at the last election.
Badly Beaten on the Fourth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. July 12.— FVank Cuneo swore
out a complaint yesterday In Judge
Genty's court, charging Louis and John
Armanino and two others with battery
committed upon John Cuneo. the brother
of the complainant, on July 4. The condi
tion of the injured man is so serious that
he may die. He is at present In the
French Hospital at San Frajicisco.
Home of Henry Wilson Demolished
and His "Wife and a Young.
Boy Are Killed.
WILLIAMSRURG, Ohio. July 12.—Un
known persons placed dynamite under a
corner of the residence of Henry Wilson,
just west of here, early this morning.
The room was wrecked and Mrs. Wilson
and a 10-year-old boy were killed. Miss
Tucker was severely injured. The other
occupants^scaped injury.
MURDER IS COMMITTED
BY UNKNOWN DYNAMITERS
Announcement Elnde by Secretary of
State Chamberlain in House of
Commons.
LONDON'. July 12.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Secretary of BtatC
for the Colonies. Mr. Chamberlain, "an
nounced that tenders for laying the Pa
cific cable will be invited Immediately, the
Government of Canada and the various
colonial governments interested havl»«
accepted the recommendations of the
committee.
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
FOR MURDERER OWENS
Threatened to Kill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 12.— W. S. Reynolds, a
rancher, residing near Mount Hamilton,
Ranch. Houses Burned-
Special Dispatch U> The Call.
WILLOWS. July 12.— A fire this after
noon on the ranch of F. M. Lutz, three
miles north of Willows, destroyed the
bunkhouses, blacksmith shop and 3500
empty sacks. The farm hands lost cloth
ing and 1 money. Two of the men in fight
ing the fire became overheated to such an
extent that they were rendered uncon
scious and for a while were not expected
to live. They are better now.
May Coach Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. July 12.— OrvIUe Burnett of
Denver may coach the Stanford Univer
sity football eleven this year in spite of
his refusal to do so. His mother died
here of cancer and was burled to-day. It
was on account of her illness that he de
clined the offer of the California Col
legians, which they have held open for
him. hoping that he might change his de
cision. He. will probably accept the offer
now. Burnett played with the Denver
Wheel Club team and the Chicago Univer
sity eleven.
Two Buildings Burned and Others
Threatened.
SALINAS. July 12.— A fire, believed to
be one of incendiary origin, started to
night in the stable of H. E. Abbott near
the center of the city and rapidly spread
to the barn of J. F. Spring of San Jose.
Both buildings, with their contents, were
destroyed. Abbott's loss is several wagons
and sets of harness snd six tons of hay
and Spring's one hundred tons of baled
hay Their total loss is about $6000.
At midnight the lire is still burning
fiercely, despite the efforts of the entire
Fire Department to get it under control: A
strong east wind is blowing and It Is
feared that the flames will spread to the
large planing mill of me F. A. Hihn Com
pany and a lumber yard near by.
FIRE IN SALINAS.
Half Block of Buildings on Main
Street Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED. July 12.— An $SOOQ fire here
this afternoon left nothing but a heap of
ashes on the half block on Main street
east of Armory Hall. A spark or cigar
ette In the alley between the barns of W.
F. Clark and John Keefer is responsible
for the blaze, which when discovered
could have been easily put out with a
bucket of water had there been one at
hand. In response to an alarm the Fire
Department promptly turned out, but in
a short time the whole block from Keef
er's stable to L street was on tire, and
here the department made a heroic and
successful effort to confine It to the
The losses are: John Simrelo, J4000, In
sured for $2500; Jacob Stearing, b'arn,
$1500, Insured for $350; Rosle Camisso. resi
dence. $500, Insured for $400; E. O t Stlck
ney, barn, $150, fully covered by Insur
ance; John Coelho, furniture, $650, fully
covered by Insurance; W. F. Clark, horse
and cow; "Mrs. Thomas and John Keefer,
nominal, property rescued.
BIG BLAZE IN MERCED.
Admitted His Guilt With the Under
standing He Would Not Be
Hanged.
Special Dleratch to The Call.
BUISXJN, July 12.-John L. Owens, the
murderer of Daniel Wilson, and who con
fessed to having committed the crime,
pleaded guilty to-day to the charge
against him and has been sentenced to
life imprisonment by Superior Judge A. J.
Buckles. He did this upon the advice of
his attorneys, George A. Lamont and John
M. Gregory. They made the proposition
to District Attorney Frank R. Devlin that
Owens would plead guilty If he was as
sured that he would not be sentenced to
hang.
After the officer had looked over the
evidence he concluded it would be to the
best interests of the county and he agreed
to the proposition accordingly. Owens
was brought into court to-day, arraigned,
pleaded guilty and sentenced to spend the
remainder of his life in prison.
PECXTLIAB. ACCIDENT.
Mrs. Philip Peroni Struck by a
.Bounding Ajc.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 12.-Mrs. I. Peroni,
wife of Philip Teroni of this city, met
with a painful and peculiar accident here
late this afternoon. George D. Shearer, a
local real estate dealer, was driving past
her house, when a vicious dog belonging
to her neighbor commenced an atttack on
Shearer's horse. A battle royal ensued
between the real estate man and the dog.
Shearer had an ax In his buggy, with
which he armed himself, and commenced
to back at the dog, who was finally put
to flight.
As {he dog was executing a rapid re
treat Shearer threw his ax at his late
foe. The ax missed the dog. struck the
sidewalk and bounded over the fence Into
Airs. I'eroni's yard, where it struck her,
burying itself deep in her right arm. Dr.
11. O. llowitt was summoned. Upon ex
amination It was found that an operation
will have to be performed on her arm. One
of her fingers la now paralyzed, but it is
believed that the operation will leave her
without any unpleasant effects of the
accident.
equally notable.
Among the novelties to be produced dur
ing the- season will be the famous "La
Boheme," Verdi's "Falstaff," "Hamlet,"
"Aida," "Faust," "Lucia.," "II Trova
tore," "La Giooonda," "I Pagrliacci."
"Cavalleria Rusticana," "Lohengrin,"
"The Jewess." "Rl?o!otto," "Ernani."
"Carmen," "The Masked Ball." "The
Barber of Seville," "La Sonnambula."
"Romeo and Juliet," "Mignon," "La Tra
viata" and other popular operas.
delighted San Francisco audiences during
:hf last visit to this city are Guadenzio Sa
lassaand. Ferdinand Avedano. Theformer,
whose acting has won him laurels as well
as his voice, held the bills for eighteen
successive weeks. Avedano, the wonderful
tenor, comes this time directly from Italy.
With them are Alessandro Nicolini,
Domenleo Rusfo. Anna Lichter. Slg
norina Italia Vittoria Hepetto, SIgnorina
Pollettini, <juinto Zani. William Schunter.
Frances Stuart Graham and others
NOTED sing-ers are scheduled to ap
pear during the grand opera sea
son soon to open at the Tivoli
Opera-house. The public has
warmly welcomed the" announcement, and
the popular prices and excellent repertoire
ere assurances that the house will be
packed from the opening of the engage
ment until its close.
Among the singers to come whose voices
NOTED VOCALISTS SOON TO APPEAR AT THE TlVOIil.
Hight to String Wires on
Bush Street.
Market Street Company Has No
The Supervisors' Street Committee was
a'.'.dressed yesterday by Edgar Painter.
secretary of the North Central Improve
ir.cnt Association; in regard to Its pro
ust against the removal of electric wires
• in ii'.i.sii street* between Kearny and San
:>«,mo. Mr. Painter argued that while tho
Market-street Railway Company hau no
power to attach the wires to buildings,
nut that permission should be obtained
iri.;r. me ,;oai-i <>f Supervisors t«> erect
jp< les. Mayo Newhall, repr^sentlns tb»
belby Smeiung WorKs, sp-.Ke in fa. or -A
allow iiif, tho wirei- to remain, as the curs
are of kreat advar.taRc- to the property
owners. J. T. litirke contended that th^
company haa the riglu to ciianpe from
borse to electric power. Chairman Curtis
ln-ld thut the company should apply to tho
b.-.ard for the privilege. The matter llu-n
went over for three weeks in order th.it
all interested partU-s may be (riven a hear
ing.
'ihe protest of the West of Castro Im
provement dub against Gray Brothers'
rock crusher on Clipper and Dou?]a<s
streets provoked a rather spirited war of
words between Attorney B. McKinr.o. rep
resenting the club, and Supervisor Connor.
Fisher Ames, attorney for Gray Rrothors.
Informed the ccmimitu* that the property
ow tiers were trying to get out an injunc
tion apainst the contracting firm.
•'Well.*' said Connor, "if the matter will
he takon to the courts I cannot see what
business the Supervisors have in taking
it up."
"That is Just what I expected you to
=;>y." retorted McKinne. "You are not
doing; your duty in this matter."
"Ynu're an older man than I." said Con
nor, "and only for that 1 would not take
thn.t Insult from you," and the Incident
came to an end..
Conner moved to postpone the matter
indefinitely, but it went over for three
woeks for further investigation.
MUST OBTAIN PERMIT
FROM THE SUPERVISORS
2-rkflcy and the Writer Company.
Hayne Concludes the Contra
Costa Company's Books
Were Burned-
C-iven Permission to Examine acc
ords That Were Put Out of the
Way— What the Com
pany Got.
0- AKI.AND. July i = ._The attorneys
| for ihe city of Oakland have cme
to the conclusfca that they h-ve
been handed a g-r-M hrivk hy : Jad4re
Hart ;n :n.. permission to examine the
noks of the Contra Costa Water Com-
The attarnqra fur the city of Oak
land a;;.! *c. n , e n f the City Couacilmen
..av^ been makiot some little Investing
l us on the ritfej ar.<i they have c\>me to
. • that the story published
1- .':'..- Cali Bome SH-ksago of the de
t::uc-«on cf the books of the Centra <\.-ta
« :.:<'i Ccmpany is entirely correct, and
t ¦•- there are no books to rot. The at
rneya r.er,- «;lvc:i prrm!-=si..i:: to examine
I -**. but when they n:!>b~<l the gild
5: *-' oft the- brick they found underneath
1 ¦ J tin ..-::.-> ,,f ?»;,, hr.jks.
:Vr r-rrno time Bpecfal Attorney Robert
i . I-Iaj-tic- clur:;? to the iSea thai he miirht
I., able t.t t ti ¦ the books of the water
company, and make sime investigation*
£••*¦ to the sctur'S amount paid by the cor
; ration f.»r their plant. Even w-h^n The
• Ell ; uhlishert i!..- Ktory of the destruc
: - of >>!-• accounts Mr. Fiayna was loth
to believe -.. i.i> ivlsh t*< secure tii« ho.-ks
leiac father :>> ::;<¦ bope ihat they had
: : • • ¦ • -• stroyed. Ii;it. a.« time" wr>re
c:i. ana Mr. Hayne maoe s<«rr!e Investlga
n»*ol .¦ :s ;.< what he mltht
J.nd if N- secun d the rl^ht to make an in
:;•••¦. ri !.•¦. t,.... . ame to the conclusion
tji:it ii.- would pt'i tiothlnR.
Mr. Haj-ne pursued hi^ motion, how
ever, and pecured bis nr.i*»r. even thouch
I..- !.(< Ifr-n s=atis*!ed f^r sr.me time that
he would s?ei nothing from his insyeo
v why th»> attorneys for the city
Oakland preferred to get an order of.
'¦ for :.-. examination of the
i ¦>-. when by the purchase of one share
• si k in th* open market arrrss could
ray< been had bj the holder of that share
book r.i the possession of the
I Costa Water Company i.= some-
Ti. : a i hilt is not thoroughly explained
1: was no; >.. many years atjo. wlien'the
v water c mpanies v.-ore rghting. that
i n.- was very suorcssfully wnrk
'* shares of Contra Costa W-ito
¦rti n-ere purchast-d in the opr-n market
I:. -!'•- rame of h Kf-ntieman interestod in
rs f the Oakland Water «'om
j.-.r.y. and after th;u the Oakland Water
Conspany knew ax much about the af
fairs of its rival as did the officials cf
. = : ;t>.;r. Th< r«- bcinp no .^tock of
tre Oakland Wntor Company for salo on
the fp» :i Lrianl. this schome could not i>e
n .:... ;.i work both way,<=.
:• the elty has ser-urVd its order to ex
i.zr.w.f hooks that are not there. Two ex
ncrts have been ofSdaJIy appointPd by
Juape Hart, and have" the necessarv au
ihority t<. b«-gin work whenever they like
Mr. Ka>-ne ! .I:»\>s that if any clianp»-s
have been ma<]*- in the br.oivj; "or if they
have been destroyed a day or so of delay
will r-;j\:e no particular differfnr.. nnW
: : •': s^« ; are perfecting the arranRemt-nis
- : !:;»r:d!;nR thr matter that they *nay
Eo '.!.» expert* have not yet ma-ie
II •! a] pearance at the oflkv of the ("on
ira Costa Water Company and may. not
do bo for a day or two.
Meanirhlle the Contra Costa Water
Crmpany is fircirj; rar.-s fi^r the city of
Oakland .-.:i<1 coilectlnc them, ar.d "p*-r- 1
forming v«riou» and sundry function." of!
?h<-- city pnvenment T:i!d"r the autl.oritv |
r>T Jvili:-- Hart's IniuncsJon. They have, j
secured a c»!d iiri<k. bin. on the con- ¦
" ry, :••>'• Kturcd :: mint and aro coin-!
¦ ; to which the law, had it not!
i • • •. BUf*pende4 by :h^ injunction, would :
::¦ t bave entitled them. Their brick was ;
;is sc'.id as the brick "f the city was I
gilded.
¦ \> a r::attrr of fact." s=nirt a pentie- '
mpn Indirectly cennected with thi- Contra '
<¦ -•:: Water Company. •"th<-> city pot per
: examine sonf thinp "that may
y Dot be there nn<i which may or
vr::y !iot be strnicht should they pet it. '
anJ which the>- could have secured by
! irrbaidng one fhar-» of stork. At the j
:- me time, Jurtpe Hart handed down nn
• . inion which gave the vVmtra Costa
" v -'..-.' Company' everylJilnK that it want
• -:. ';!..- :ii.U...i tion pave them a ri^ht to
< iiJeci money; v.hioh they Reeded, and :;:
I: -\vn ratrs. 1? suspended the or<Ii-
I anc< . which is the main thing for which
Lhe water • om;>."ny bronght the suit, and
• n t!ic vt-rv Krounds earned by the
v .-.: r company in th r ir romyiaint— that
undue haste and Improper examination
• :.s raai!.' J«y the Council. It grave the
CMnpinv a r;cht to sei<»ct thfir own
rates. Contrast what th>: water company
;.i i with whrtl the r!ty got. and see the
A'.ffirenc*. They were very cleverly
rar.df! down together, so t5:at it would
I • • be paid rhat the city xvas rtfuse«i
rythfns and t!:e company given every-
OAKLAND WAS
HANDED ONLY
A GOLD BRICK
Oakland Office San Francisco Cal!.
HIS Broadway. July 12.
While riding in the cab of his engine
this morr.lr.g Engineer W, Iirady of tho
California and Nevada Railway narrowly
escaped death by being crushed in th«j
spokes of one of the drivewheels of tho
locomotive. Though, as he supposed, hj
was safe at his usual post beside the
throttle, the engineer's right foot wu*
drawn Into the rapidly revolving whe^l
and so badly crushed that Dr. Milton was
compelled to amputate two of the injured \
man's toes at tr-e Receiving Hospital.
The engine had been undergoing repairs
for several weeks and this morning WU
fired up for a trial. After several short
runs the crew engaged in switching coal
cars In the yard at Fortieth street ar..i
San Pablo avenue. .
While the engine was undergoing re
pairs a board under the engineer's seat
used as a guard was removed and was not
replaced. Making a sudden Jump to stop
his locomotive this morning • Engineer
Brady's foot slipped into the open spaed
and between the spokes of the drive
wheel. Faint with pain he reversed the
lever and brought the engine to a stand
still.
But for the fact that the engrine was
moving slowly and there ¦was a bar across
the aperture In the cab Brady's leg- ar.il
possibly his body would have been
crushed.
While Reversing Machinery His Foot
Slips Through a Hole Into
Spokes of Revolving
Wheel.
Engineer Brady Loses Two
Toes While Riding in
His Cab.
CRUSHED BY THE
DRIVER OF HIS
OWN LOCOMOTIVE
CELEBRATED SINGERS FOR
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
and making the blood flow. Prentice then
threw his hat at the lamp, and they were
shrouded In darkness. This only added to
their desire to make things hum. and they
began to strip the room. They took down
the bedstead and carried It and the mat
tress, bed clothes, washstand and other
articles to the Eddy-street entrance.
The landlady ond the other roomers
v.-f>rr» by this "time aroused from their
Slumbers by the noise, and when they got
to Carey's room he and his boon com
panions were tearing up the carpet. Mrs.
Holbrook sent for a policeman and Carey
and Pr. ntice were arrested for malicious
mischief. Toney made his escape.
Carey and Prentice made their appear
ance before Judge Conlan yesterday and
admitted th^ir guilt. They snid they were
<uit for a good time and they had it. The
landlady assessed tho damage at $20 and
ihe Judge convicted them. They prom
ised to pav the damage, and If they do
so the judge will not impose a heavy
sentence upon thorn. <~'nrey said he had
indulged In many a good time, but never
before had he experienced so delightful a
one as that in Mr?. Holbrook's house.
THE SAIST FRA1STCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 1.3, 1900.
Th,e Commercial Museum.
The meeting yesterday of the business
men of this city called for the purpose
of hearing reports of committees having
in charge the furtherance of the plan's of
the Pacific Coast Commercial Museum
was not well attended, owing to the ab
sence from town of. so many members.
The name of Alvinza Ilayward has been
added to the list, which now numbers 170
names. .
Phelan Wants Heavy Damages.
Suit was filed yesterd.ty by former Po
lice Officer John Phelan against the Sut
ter-street Railway Company, the Market
street Railway Company. William Reland
and Harry Jills to recover $75,720 damages
for personal injuries. . In a collision be
tween a Sutter-street and an Ellis-street
car at I^arkln and Ellis streets on June
3 last. PHelan sustained injuries that ne
cessitated the amputation of his left leg.
He is represented by the law firm of Sul
livan & Sullivan.
She Was Seventy-Eight Years Old
and the Mother of Twelve
Children.
Mrs. Caroline Petersen, 7S years old,
was found asphyxiated in bed yesterday
morning at her residence, 64 Pierce street.
The key of the gas burner was turned
partly on.
The Coroner's deputies expressed the
opinion that death was the result of acci
dent. They could find no evidence of sui
cide. Mrs. Petersen was the mother of
ten boys and two girls and resided with
her i husband and her daughter in the
house In which she died. An inquest was
hrld yesterday afternoon by Coroner Cole,
and the Jury returned a verdict of acci
dental death.
AGED MRS. PETERSEN
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
They Strip a Boom in a Lodging
House and Are Arrested for
Malicious Mischief.
John Carey and G. L. Prentice are
FcviK'phifters Jn the local theaters, and j
they have a friend named Toney, who Is i
an electrician. Carey has been at the
Stockton fair, and returned a few days
ago with his pockets well lined with I
gold. He met Prentice and Toney Tues- !
day, and they started In to have a good j
time. Carfrv ha<i a room In Mrs. May
Holbrooke lodging-house. 1016 Market !
surret, with a Hide entrance from 11 Eddy '
street. !
Tuesday night the trio started In an in- j
toxicated condition for Carey's room, and
arbitrarily took possession of the wrong !
apartment. Next day they continued j
Their libation*. an<] about 2 o'clock yester- !
<!ay morning they reached Carey's room.
It- was TJicfly furnished, but In a few
minutes the scene was changed. Toney
commenced the fun by tearing the mes
ser.ger box from the wall and putting it
Into a \va«hbasln to soak. Prentice hauied j
down the blind", and in doing so the
X>ole struck Carey on the nose, cutting itj
SCENE SHIFTERS HAVE
A ROLLICKING TIME
Imposed Upon Charities.
Albert Valverde. 7.14 Green street, and
his wife Josie have been imposing upon
the Associated Charities and Catholic
priests by getting pecuniary aid on the
pretext that the husband was an invalid.
Wednesday night the husband and wife
wore arrested for drunkenness and they
appeared before Judge Moran yesterday.
Officer McMurray or the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children heard
of the case, and on going to the house
found it and two children, a baby girl
and a boy 6 years of age, in a filthy con
dition. The parents were booked at the
City Prison on a charge of cruelty to
children and the little ones were sent to a
public institution.
9
Jumped .From Second Story.
Under the influence of. an overdose of
absinthe Joseph Etienne Jumped from the
second story window of 1316V£ Powell street
last nlpnt a distance of twcrvfy-nve feet
to the sidewalk. He escaped with only a
scalp wound. ..
FIEnKELKV. July I2.— Fu^rinip;:!!!-'.'
<f Ftrerts Maloney ha? ord^r^d thf men :
laying a two-inch pipe for the Contra I
' r.^;.-i «i*«ter Company on A'ielin* 1 str^-ot '
I • stop w~< irk. Kour-lnoh pirc- ha<1 b^en
onJerM la;<l by the Hoard cif Tru?tfPf. but
jhe water company paid no attention to,
• ¦ .r<)or.
Vif.iTil.r- Mr. MalGnpy sfippod a pang
rf t«n tn« n employed in laying the small
pipe. Manager J. H. T. W'atkinson was^
¦ !Tr.f<!i::tt -'o t<:< nboiK-d to for advice. 1 i*t ;
t-.i'tl tht layinp of four-inch pipe was ridi- i
rul<raa ar<i refused to ob^y the town's |
rrd'T. Consequently the men knocked ott i
work and no work 5s being done In that!
li id'.jty.
I SEE THE LIFE OF M
I GREAT COMIC CALIFORNIA K
g AND BOY9 g
g HALF-TONE ** fej
I SECTION. HARVARD. |j
1 THE WHEN i
1 ADVENTURES JAS. C. BLAINE §
I OF A WAS A
I "HOODOO" CANDIDATE.
K SAILOR. BY MRS. J. S. CLARKSON. .
I / x I.
Ea / \ t
g . " -f IT LEADS >Sy ~|
I / THEM ALL— THE >^ %
g <ii UN DA y> I
j X / %
Bj X - X i
1 X X i
j THE THE \
I STORY LATEST
[3 ' OF V CALIFORNIA
| MAY YOHE. PRINCESS.
I BOOKS, MANY
] FICTION STORIE9
j AND THE ¦ OF !
|| LATEST THRILLI.yQ
j FASHIONS. INTEREST.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900
10
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bpi— lard. Sec.'lM 7th; tel. Jessie 152. |
WANTED— Coal miners can' secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or .by contract fit
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County,
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
328 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and Pan Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED- 2 young men who have had experi-
ence In carriage painting. Apply MIBACII &
STRAUB, 936 Brannan St.. near Ninth.
COMPETENT draughtsman to detail structural
iron work; must have experience; good pay to
right man. 4 California St.. room 8.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work;
will pay J60 per month, with chance of in-
crease ; email capital. 1016 Market room 10.
WANTED— Tenors and bassos for grand opera.
Apply Tivoli Opera House to-day from 10
to 12 m. .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 132 Pa- !
clflc st.. cor. FTont.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third
street. ¦ . ¦__
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 825 Grant ave.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages. 53S Valencia, st^ . ¦ - -
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
f.66 Fourth Bt. '
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday or even-
ing Job. 416 Hayes st. .- .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 11 Sixth
street. ,
BARBER wanted for Saturday; fi guaranteed,
and Sunday. 108 Fourth Bt.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 604
Montgomery avenue. : .
WANTED— 2 good barbers at 737 Mission st.
for Saturday. ' ' - ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Sd.sta..
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
, 1C4S Mission at. ¦ _____
GOOD . bnrber for Saturday and Sunday. 629
Union St., near .Powell. ' ¦ ¦¦¦-... : - -
BARBERS— 2 Columbia revolving chairs for
sale. IPS , Fourth st.
"WANTED— Cook for small restaurant. , 1915
Central ave.. bet. California and Sacramento.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. Room 115, Phelan
building, v . ¦¦.
KITCHEN help; good and reliable man only
need apply. 418 Third at. 4,
sax rriAxcisco call. J
BCSXXESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
full, corner of Market and Third streets open
BStfl IT o'clock even- night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-:27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cj^en until 9:50 p. rn.
T/ifl Jlayts street: open until 9:30 p. ta.
CSS. McAllister street ; ©;>en until 9:30 p. n >.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9::o p. m.
1311 M'.sMon street; cpen until 10 p. rr..
2JC1 ' Mission street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 3 p. m.
IK Eleventh etreet; or** until 9 p. ~ >•
10-.C Valencia etrett; open until 9 p. m. _
N. rtbvtft corner Tw?nty-secor.d end Ken-
f.:cky s;r«-ets: qfn until 9 r- ~»-
3XEET1XG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Oimrr.nndery No. X. K. *J&iB
T. No S p..st st— Regular .os-embly T«2
THIS HVENIXU. 7:30 o'clock. All jVw.
rnten eourteoudy invited. By ortsr sqf
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. 1
I'KItBA BCENA Lrwige of Perfection *¥**
No. I— 3£e«tin* THIS FRIDAY) f\
EVENING ct B o'clock. D. 14. _A?\,
GKO. J. HOBS. Sec. «*» j
APOLLO LrxJKf No. J23. L O. O. <_k^__« !
F. will coaler th? Third <3rd) fie- -vTHfe
gr^? THIS (FRIDAY) MfSHT. t?*?**!^
July 12 intt. Apollo dogree team "'/B^
•rill mr.ke efp*-<-iaJ effort to honor the new !
o*"fic»»i— with «>x<-e;]«;nt work. Don't fail to I
s<»e it. Come. all. H. H. ZOBEL, N. G. |
\\\ F. NORCaOSS. Sec. j
ANNTAl. rr.wtlnc— The rfjruiar annual meet- j
jxi£ of tin' ?tcck *iol*J^rs 01 the Sun I**rancieco .
iit.d Ssn Joaqu:n Valley Hallway Company
"»i'.l !>e hrld at the o'fice of the company. No. .
T^l Mark'-: Et.. F.-\n rranf.sco. Cal.. on TUE3-
I»AV. the 17lh dry of July. ISO'l. at the hour
of 31 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose of j
electing — board of directors to *«rrve for the j
ensuins year, and The transaction of such j
other baslmni bs may come before the meet- j
Injr. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary. «
CHEATEFT and best In An ><»rlca— The Weekly j
<~all. 16 papes, fent to any adcJrprs iu the '
Uclted States nr Canada one year for $1, |
IKiptase 1 aid. j
AGKXTS WANTED. J
AGENTS can make Irom $T5 to J1C0 per month
telling our campaign Looks. Issues and lead- I
«•!¦*. "Battle of 1SC<)": uleo \K*. J. BtTUfa new |
bonJc. ••Iteiubllc or Krr.plre?" Se^nd 15c lor j
outfit and ag'T.ts" instructions. We give same J
terms ar IZastern tlnr.s. OC<T DENTAL PUB-
LIEHINC COMPANY. Oakland. Cal. j
ASTROLOGY. I
MRS. Facile Purm, of rin«Lurg. Fa., strictly I
reliable on ail mrnt^ns prrtalr.lns to life and j
business: horoaoopa readine*. H. 2710 Sutter. j
AT'OKMiVS AT LAW.
11. W. 3CING, nucH-ney at law. ?27 Market St..
rooms C27; estates. d«un*gee. attachments,
Jiankruptcy. collections; all cases: fair fees; J
no advance charges; money loaned on estate. |
ADVICE free: divorce law a c>peci_lty; private; 1
no fee without eucC'^ss: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. J.CO Market. cor.Stockton. |
Ai>VICE tree: no charpe unl«ss successful. \V. |
\V. DAVIDSON, S27 Market Et.. orp. Mason. :
lv. P. CLAKK. D_un* Sj.reckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket i=t.: consul t£t ion free : ro f^eff in advance.
AVTO MOBILES.
AUTOMOIULKK- FRED WARD & SON,
Apents. 4C KiTtr.or:t ft.
PATH tABINETjv
ROBINSON jr>. 4-rariol folding: dooroper.s; firm
and fafp. W. g. BRmvx, ger.. agt.. 42C Ellis.
DELGIAX HARES.
BELGIAN 11 AP.ES ! !
AH the popular Ftrains at pr»atly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN H.VltE AS-
SOCIATION, Alair.eda, Oal.
YfKOX, JtPd Rover and Bonanza Prince
bucks; service f2 50 up. £14 Oolden Gate ave.
CHOKE pedigreed Belgian harrs; cheap. MC&1£
Suiter st.
COLDEST GATE BELGIAN HARE OCfCS Gol- 'j
den Gate ave.. P..F.. EM rabbits for Fa'.? <~hrap. I
DOOKS — NEW AM) OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKti boucht and exchanged.
Holmt s Book Co.. 704 Mission Ft., near Third.
ursiarass ch.vxces.
A— J4-")0: BAKER V establ. many years in lively ¦
country town: place doing a ey'.endid busi-
r.es?: rent 120; sickness of proprietor only
*-au*e of tale: fullest investigation solicited.
C;;il R. «. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
X— tl*"f'' I'AKTNICU wanted in old-establ. cor.
grocery and liar in Thud Ft.; daily receipts
$3.'.; retiring j.artner hal to leave for north;
r*-?:t $12; !«!se: rare chance. See EU G.
'w'lL.KE. 26'a Kearny, Et. .
ji—f.Cf, cuKNKK grocery and tar, with 4 liv-
insr moms, on Mission Bt. ; a first-claps paying
tiUFiness and large, freth Ftotk Invoices the
jitice. Call R. G. WILKE. £C-i Kearny et.
A— PTATIONERY. notlrns and branch bakery
on Mission rt.; rent $12. including 3 rooms;
owner kept ttor" fc years- price $450. or will
invoiof. R. O. WILKE. :6' 2 Kearny st.
A —$3:n; ELEGANTLY fitted saloon: <*stab'.:«hed
years; in large private hotel; rent $«0; loca-
tion 2 blocks from Market st. R. S. WILKE.
26'* Kearny et.
A— $?.0d: PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
find chop house; close to Market St.: a splen-
did offer for the rieht man. Call R. O.
ttlLKE, 2C»i Kearny «t.
A—ft009; CORNER Rxocfry and bar; established
jvar* and known a? a money making place;
LrrFt location: close to Chrcnic'e building. See
R. G. WILKE. Keeray et.
>_$j50o : couxnil; wine and ".ujuor store: only
or." Mock from Market; r»-nt J'O; horse.
waj?on and a large stock; splendid paying
inissincM!- d!sacre*-mert of partners cause of
f:aie. See R. G. WILKE. 2G 1 * Kearny Et.
¦'"jlW"— SALOON. 1 block from Market st.; fix-
tures and Ftook worth tVAO; good reason for
selling- MCLAUGHLIN & <X>.. 777 1 i Market.
RESTAURANT; bc-st location; v.-orth $T00; 1500
acce"tf>d to-day, look at this before buying
elsewhere. McLaUGHLIN & CO., 7T7Vt Mkt.
51>,00— FAI/JON. centrally located, near Market,
No- 1 ptock and flxtures; clears Ji.V) month:
srM on! j,, account of sickness in family; best
barrain cvrr offered. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777^ Market st.
|SS— CARPENTER and jobbing shop: business
location. MrLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market.
$tHt IJk fTTfTUTT route: good horse and wagon;
re'f il't* about $«>0 per week. MCLAUGHLIN
& ( O.. 777 1 ,j Market St.
A— ji:-o tco Uto
Restaurant
Leading street
North Market
Hardwood furniture
Fine proposition
.'... Ulyht party
BTENBEKO CO.. 9i5 Market st.
TO tinkers— For sale; rheap: large, well-fitted
<•or.fficller.ery and rindv Etr>re , with ice cream
parlor*-: excellent opening for a practical ba-
ker. Cell LANK & CO.. SC5 Market st.
CORNER grocery and delicacy north of Mar-
ket: cfaotee ptook of Roods: fine business;
cheap rent: r.ice living rnome: opportunity xn
run bar tf desired. LANE & CO.. 8C3 Market.
J4:.fr-Ri;£TAURANT. very elepuntly furnished:
»-f!l worth $1000. Apply 1>- MrRAE. S37 Mls-
Fion »-t. , ¦
JKOO— KLEGAXTLY furnlWied rooming house.
Kills :t.: easy term?. I). IIpRAE. S37 Mission.
JJAUHER (bop nnd bath house for f<ale; estab-
;i«n*>d fcr over 23 yerrs: splendid location;
first -class regular trade; best of rPaponR for
deslrisff to pell. Aadress H. L., P. *O. box 280,
Fecn i— lento.
{S&w^SALOON: the best-fitted place for the
Price on Market Bt and banraln: must leave
<:ty August 1. Box 1971. Call.
KOR scle — Well-paying pickle factory and vln-
cjtar route: |10M. Address box 1970, Call.
A SHOE shop for sa>; good bus'ness; fine lo-
c-jtion. JOVthb Fl—iaore st.
FOR sale— A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 1C0 people; bakery us-
*tiT 2 barrels flour daily; hcrse and wagon;
\r dping-hou*e. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
S.neet opportunity to make money. Inquire
Air.ericen Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
f.cM. Cal.
LEADING hotel In Monterey: S3 rocms. parlor,
<inlEg-roo— i. kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
»ill rent. k<11 or exchange. For particulars
«Titf JOHNSON & CAR.K. Monterey, Cal.
i'On sale — Cheap; complete outfit of grocery
rnd barroom: etore to let: cheap rent; lease;
l>e»-t corner lv. Mlsrsion. Northeast corner of
DcIotps and Valley et«.
rOK ra!» — At a bargain: 4 flrst-claes saloon;;:
2 lodRing-hcuses: 2 cigar stores; grocery and
*«r. Inqulrr: at office. 930 Howard 8t., Mc-
imiDi: & CO.. agents,
J1000— SALOON. In good running order; pood
payir.jr: in the central part of city; including
£ furnished rooms; low r*>nt. Box 1977. Call.
E2*AP— Orocery and bar for sale. Key at E.
COHEN'S. VA Market et.
JT.VIT- Ktc— ». horw end wagon, with living
rooir i»: sclllr.jj account d»_th. Box lSSfi, Cell.
FOR Pale— rirft-rlass restaurant. Addree* P.
LAMHEEH. lTCS'i Mlftlon Et: no agent*.
CANDY -utore fcr sale; (food stock and fixture*;
low rent: no agenti. 1SS Hayes et.
DON'T mles the trinodi and lamps at the
HACICUS STUDIO, 11 G*ar> ; other bargains.
COFTTCE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
\Y. CASVTELL & CO.. <12 Sacraownt© •_
UCSIXESS CIIAXCES CONTINUED.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc; fine
• location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
Ftalls; rent onlv $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HHNDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bids.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
27 IIOUSEs7^CO^o~$35oTpart on~time!
1C houses cf 14 to 20 rooms, $500 to $1100.
21 houses cf 25 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
Jx>ng list. Call on M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
fct.. roc— 1 1. nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1SC3.
J390O-SNAP; 62 rooms; all rented; fir-e loca-
tlon; near Market et. BASILE. 3 Eddy ft.
LODGIXG-HOUSES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished hotel, situated in coun-
try, 12 rooms and bar. $15. For full particu-
lars call FRED ASCHJ.IANN. Milpltas, Santa
Clara County. Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.^
JJfY. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Et.. S. F.
CAPE .NOME.
FOR sale— Claim in the Cape Darby Mining dis-
trict of Alaska; located on Portage Creek,
mar Care Nome. Box 19S0. Call ofilce.
CARI'ET BGATIXG A.VD CLEA.MXO.
WHEN you be<-ome disgusted with poor work
p?nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carret-Beat-
Sri_- Works. S53-357 Tehama st.; tel. 8. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
242-344 McAllister et.; phone South 146.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2*3 Hth 6t. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet- Beatlns Works, O. H.
STEVENS, nigr.. SS-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J UeQVBBSCB California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
<M Stevenson St.; tel. South 1'2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 4c.
BTRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth Ft.; tel. Jessie !)44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning: Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 2rf4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKL1VS Carpet-Beating Works, 323 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 128. !
CARRIAGES AXD AVAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wasor.s, buggies, carts, harness
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wasron. single, also light
catnpinp wascn, for sale cheap. £32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. J)27 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, i rooms and bath. 3S33 Twenty-
fifth et. : rent $9.
Sl'iniTtJALISM.
SPIRITUAL n-.edium. Mrs. Harrison. S58 MI3-
eion Et. ; readings daily. 25c, 50c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
ainS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvoyant, test, business
medium, lire reader; Bitting $1. 1K>4 Market.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Kills. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings dally; cir.
Tues., Fri., 2. 8 p. QL 14 McAllister, room 25.
MRS. KOTTEK. spiritual medium; sittings; G.
$1. L. r,Oc; olr. Mo.. Wed., Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market st.. near 12th.
CLAIRVOYASTS.
MME.LANGE.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
iuture; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fe«* 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open,
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents II; palm. & clair. ; t=it. $1 50. 12C Turk Bt.
MISS AIMER, gifted clairvoyant, card reader.
2s<j Natoma St.. near 4th; Thur., Fri., Sat.
MME. HANFON. palmistry: card reader: past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader; advice on all
business affa!rs,25c up.S23 Mission: ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA.thi' gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Serenth st.: no sign.
MME. RENNER. SlSVi Oeary (Saratoga court),
clairvoyant, life and plant reader; ladles, 25c.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German Kpckrn. S21VJ Mission, op. Mint.
SIME.AuR-ust. clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
flttin«?s dally. Cl2',i Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 2Jc; ladles. !)14 O'Farrell st.
DENTISTS.
/ArThe ELECTRO-UENTAL cTfNlc7^S09~Mar^
K«-t st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I t'i 50 up: plates, extractions: free. $4 ;o up: of-
j ticv hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. \V. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for bm crowns, plates, bridges
j and MliintrB; extraction or filling by my won-
j derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
i perlence; no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; la<!y attendants.
\ DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 .O'Farrell Bt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $4 per Bet: extracting. 10c; gas given.
PLATES from $3; crowns, $3 CO; fillings, 50c.
I Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth »t.
j PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
1 Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $8; fillings, 25c.
J VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk at.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hc«p!t_l. Post, Flllmore—
Ativlce and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 635.
j DR-CREELY'S C. P. mange cure and worm pills
j by druggists or at hospital. B10 Golden Gate av.
: EDUCATIONAL.
• AVKES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.; life
Kohoiai^hlp, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. .
ALL etuderts but tw» takins full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 123G Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.< mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical fihorthand.
Yal Ueasy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
I LAW schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 31(
O'Farrell; positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. : founded 1S63: SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st,
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring aystert 1 taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Milliner;
School to 1019 Market et.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 2S7 Oeary st.; dresae;
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMEERT, 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure. *
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat>
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt
EMPLOYMENT^OFFICES, j
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: establ. over 10 years; all kind* help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 183.
UNION Japane-e-Chlnese erap. offlce— Best heir
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 8C,
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black E072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. £06^ 8tockton
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Beat help. illVfc OTarell Bt.; tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG lady wishes place as visiting or nur-
sery governess; able to teach English
branches, French, music, nrt. and good
seamstress; has had experience; references.
Address box 2794, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady with 3 years' experience as he-
toucher, colorlst and reception lady wishes a
position; no objection to country. Address
box 27&5, Call office. Oakland. I
REFINED Protestant young lady wlnhes posi-
tion as lady's companion; willing to help with
light housework; fair wages. Box 1964, Call.
FRENCH lady teaches, also excellent German:
situation as go% - erness; references exchanged.
Address box 1963, Call office.
POSITION wanted by neat reliable girl for
housework or second work. Address 15
Clement 6t., Richmond District.
WANTED— By young lady situation as com-
panion and maid for young girl. Address
box 1&C9. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
housework in small family. Call or address.
175 Linden ave. j,
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to do
light housework; references. Apply 181 Wlldey
Bt.. off Stelner. ftet. Bush and Pine.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
Call or address 114 Fourth at.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to take care
of children; sleep home. Call or address 1S03
Greenwich St., near Larkin. '
A LADY with experience would like a position
as compositor. Address MISS L. WACKMAN,
eC3 Pina st.
A COMPETENT woman would do housekeep-
ing for rellablo parties. Address box 2783.
Call offlce, Oakland.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position a» house-
keeper for a email family short distance in*
the country. Box 19S9. Call office.
WANTED — By respectable young woman; po-
sition aa housekeeper in small family. Call
or address E. B., fcO4 Geary et. v
WANTED — B7 a young woman position to
tend bakery store. Call or ndilress JO. H., 804
Geary st.
WINCHESTER Hcuse, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 r,0 niglit; $1 50 to $3
week; convenient and respectable; free lfUs
and baKgugc to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cull branch offlce, 22COFlllmore Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 V«t-
lencia st.
EMPLOVMEXT WANTED 3ZALE.
HONEST and steady man would like position
as superintendent or foreman on large ranch;
has had 15 years' experience in handling
sreen and dried fruit for East and city ship-
ment: used to handling men; good" reference.
Address W. L., box 1966, Call office..
STEADY young man- would like poiltlon of
trust or otherwise. In city, in some wholesale
firm; used to city; best of reference as to
honesty and ability. Box 1967, Call office.
POSITION wanted as gardener; understands
lawn, greenhouse. Janitor work; take care of
poultry and milk. Address F. H.. 631 Sacra-
mento st.. S. F.. room 134.
PAINTER and paper-hanger; first-class, prac-
tical mechanic, with complete outfit, wanta
employment; day or Job; city Or country.
Box 1861. Call office.
RELIABLE man, who Epeaks four languages,
wants respectable employment. Addres9 Re-
sponsible, box 1SC2, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, honest, reliable, good driver,
wishes position on delivery or laundry wagon.
Address box 1965, Call offlce.
A YOUNG colored man wishes Janitor or porter
or any kind of work; good reference. Ad-
dress box 19CS. Call office.
GOOD all-round cook wanta a place; city or
country. Address box 8600, Call office.
POSITION by all-round general mechanic; ex-
perienced as foreman machinist, draughtsman,
master mechanic, erecting and operating ma-
chinery; 15 years handling men; Hteady and
a hustler; good reference; go anywhere. Ad-
dress box 1S78. Call offlce.
HUSTLING young man (married), with wide
business acquaintance In city, wants position
as city salesman or collector for reliable tirm;
unlimited references. Address box 1976, Call
office.
WANTED— Situation, city, by steady experi-
enced Swiss, to do stable work or drive de-
livery wagon or other employment. 120 Sut-
< ter Bt.. room 75.
YOUNG man, having a knowledge of steno-
graphy and bookkeeping, desires a situation
in some mercantile house; references. Ad-
dress M. G., 412B Bryant St.
STEADY, reliable young man ; understands
care of horses; can milk: good driver: willing
and obliging; well recommended. Box 1972,
Call office.
BARTENDER wants a position: city or coun-
try; flr6t-clasB references. Address 728 4th st.
j STRONG boy would like a position in a store;
has cood references. Apply at 12S6 Eddy st.
I RELIABLE young man wants position in prl-
j vate place; understands care of horses; good
driver: can milk and do general work. Ad-
I dress J. W., box l?90. Call offlce.
BAKER— First-class foreman wants place .as
such, breud and cakes: city or country. Ad-
dress Baker. 225 Third Et., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
j tier or to do general work around place; city
or country; reference. Bos 4400. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance "wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11, San Mateo, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Coll branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
EXPEIIT i OPTICIAXS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071 '4 Market (near 7th) — Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. 50c; see City Di-
rectory. For Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
DEARBORN, 8, off Seventeenth, near Valencia
— 5 rooms and bath; rent $14 SO.
FIFTEENTH. 1876, near Dolores— Sunny bay-
wlr.dow flat of 7 rooms, bath; house, 5 rooms,
stable.
FULTON. H2 — Extra fine middle flat; 7 rooms;
bath; near City Hall; $35.
GEARY. 81374— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35; water free. Apply LANDKY C.
BABIN. 413 Kearny Bt.
GROVE. 818— Flat of 7 sunny r'oms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; stiMo if desired of 4 stall:*; carrlnge
floor, coachman's room, etc.: suitable for
physlnian; rent $30 and $35. Apply on prem-
ises or MADISON & BURKE.
HYDE, 731. near Sutter— New top flat, 6 rooms,
bath, storeroom; sun all day; electricity and
ail modern improvement"!. Inquire EASTON
& ELDRIDGE. C38 Market St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
IVY AVE.. 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
NINETEENTWisSoTl ~blo7k from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars — Lovely lower key-lot C-
room flat; sun all day; rent $1S; water free.
$S— REAR flat; 3 large rooms and ba'h." E10
Castro* st.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; in good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st.
$12— SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and bath. 440'$
Fourteenth Et., near Valencia,
$12— FOUR upper sunny rooms, and lower
rooms. $10. 133 Ivy ave.. near Van Ness.
$11— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St., off Market, near Valencia.
FLATS FOR SALE FIRXISHED,
BUSH, S63— Part or whole of elegantly fur-
jiished sunny flat; rent reduced. Call 2-7 p. m.
FlIRXITVRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat,' used 3 month?:
one of the most desirable flats In city for
rent; reasonable. 1810 Larkin st.
4 ROOMS furnlched in oak for $48 50. with N 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1121 Marke:.
FUn.\ITl'RB WASTED.
; ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mhss7on~Bt., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33>3.
help \va:«tisd— female.
"WANTED— Girl; good plain cook; small wash-
ing; Scandinavian preferred; wages $25; refer-
ences required; apply from 3 to 8 p. m. 1402
Jackson St., corner Nineteenth. Oakland.
WANTED— Scandinavian or American girl ;
general housework; plain cooking; good home;
1 . small family. 251 Scott st.
. EXPERIENCED lroners on ladles' and chil-
dren's wear; also girls to learn ironing at
United States Laundry', 18th St., nr. Valencia.
WANTED— A German girl waitress for a coun-
try hotel. Apply, at 616 Clay st.
• BOOK folders wanted: experienced hands. - F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
HELP WASTED- — MALE.
A^MURRATTItEADY.... PHONE MAIN 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. ¦ To-Day
WE SHIP FREE
72C3 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon. Nevada and British Columbia ,
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles anu
Santa Barbara districts, we chip you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m. for S. P. R. R- labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City <Utah) division free
Wadsworth (New) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division fr ee
Western. Fresno. Madera, Bakersfleld di-
visions free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
muir free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid,
office fee $1 tree fare
FREE FAIR CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen $'•»
150 laborers, inside work, free fare $|>0
25 hard-rock miners... •' $'3
" MURRAY & READY. 63<-C36 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters for R., R. and bridge work
free fare
82 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers. |3, $2 50. J2 day; $15. $6«). ?30.
$45, $40. $30 and found; come, see
6 coopers i brick molders
3 harness-makers .•
5 cabinet-makers spool tenders
coremaker and S3 other mechanics, wages run
from $4, $3 50, $3, J2 50 $2 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay St.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $50, $40.
$35, $30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city :
$1 75 day
120 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
3S6 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 CO, $2 23, $2, $175 day; mapy for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. 034-SnG Clay St.
A-FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES, HAY
....PRESSES. VINEYARDS. HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS .:
Fruit pickers $26 and $30 and found
226 farm hands $35, $30, $2« and found
125 haying hands.... $1 25 to $1 50 day and fd !
36 harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 a day and found;
56 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers $40. $35, $30 and found; come, see
36 chore men and boys, $30, ?26, $25, $20, $15 1
and found
Superintendent for large orqhard and vineyard.
....MURRAY & READY. ) 634-636 Clay st.
A— TO MINES'. GOLD MINES! MINES!
MINES! SILVER MINES'. MINES'.
MINES! OTHER MINES'. MINES!
t3 miners, single hand, different Jobs $75
0 machine miners, gold mines $ao
S2 miners, single hand, excellent Job
$60 and found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $43 per
month, including board and lodgings ; If you
trlve satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodgings;
special, good, steady Jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experi-
ence" j
1S5 laborers, different mines, $30. $4>>. $42. $i0. i
$35 and found, fares from $1 50. COME. SEE
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634-63G Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list, containing
7236Mlfferent Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
1$ bakrrs. first, second and third hands, $55,
$50. $45, 540. $35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $C0; second hand, $40
and found, same country Job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $20.
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 0 I
butchers shops, wagons, slaughter houses. !
etc.. HO. $33, $3'> and found; COME. SEE j
15 laundrymen. washers, markers, starchera, .
polishers, froners, etc., $35, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6:;C Clay st. I
A^TlOTEL.!.. CANDY... .and OTHER DEPT3 j
63 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil- i
ers, etc.. $65. $60, $55. $50. $45. $10. $35, $30. $25 I
and found; 32 waiters. COME SEE, $35. $30, j
$23 and found- 5 waiters tor mines and camps,
STO and found; YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country I
$30. $25, S'JO and found;
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter,
sawmill company !
man to help in bakery of a mine $30 and fd !
lunch counter man V.S and found
candymaker, etc. All the above Jobs are for !
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
pregses, resorts, institutions, etc. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
A— »0 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS, TO BUILD A ]
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnlrh tools. I
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634
and G3G Clay st.
; AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE ."..
to 25 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $-0 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band |
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in i
fact, we want help of every description for j
sawmills, woods, etc.. $«0, $75, $90, $120, $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found: 5S4 woodchoppens, tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines.
$3 $2 50. $2. $1 f>0. $1 and 75c cord: slilngle
Joiner, shingle racker: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found —
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, €31 and 636 (Hay st.
A SACK sewer, $2 50 a day; derrick forker,
$2 50 a day; 6 laborers to work in a ware- !
house, $40 and found; sheep herders, $30 and
found: cook, threshing outfit. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C3fi Clay et.
I WA.NTED— A good barber; wage? $12. with, half
I over $18. Apply to-day or Saturday morning I
to J. L. FINE. 479 Ninth St., Oakland. j
! WANTED — A _ood tailor for bushellng at 6C5
i Commercial st.
WANTED — Youns man to help on cake. SIS i
Hayes st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 10C5 Valencia Bt; this i
mornln_- ¦ .
WANTED— A good tailor at C20 Kearny at. ; ;
room 1. first floor. , !
GOOD dishwasher. 315 Grant ave. ; wages $1
a dny. j
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st. j
WANTED— A boy or man to run elevator. 29
Stockton Bt. (
WANTED— Dishwasher. SC6 Mission St., Ne-
vada Restaurant. .
BOOTBLACK for barber shop; can make over
$S r>er week. 947 Flllmore St., cor. McAllister.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d Ets.
WANTED—
Laboring men, $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Keswick. Shasta Co., Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
I inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 tills St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K
st.. Sacramento. Cal., or 105S J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — A partner with some capital to
patent and develop several useful inventions;
thorough investigation invited. Box 19S2, Call.
YOUNG man wanted as lunch waiter; German
preferred. NW. corner Fifth and Bryant sts.
WANTED— A man to help in kitchen. Jeffer-
son Hotel, Harbor View.
¦WANTED — As collector, man who can sp?ak
Spanish; good salary- Apply E. C. LITTLE,
room 6, 405 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 327 14th St., near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanicB to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard Bt. .
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'buB and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, Sixth and Howard —
Rooms lTic to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
HOIISKS. LI Via STUCK. Etc— Kor .Sale
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables. 30S-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. v
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers -or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
Bt. cars i>ass the door.
FOR sale — 2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL-
/ ZIEL. Yet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FINE carriage horse for sale; works single or
double: will not shy. 907 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes:
, : cheap; best Jn city. 721 Howard at., nr. Third.
¦ -
. HELP WANTED MALE.
THREE boarding-house cooks, $40, $45 and $50;
cook. $40, and dishwasher. $20, same country
hotel; restaurant third cook, $10 week; hotel
waiter, country, $30; restaurant steward, $15
week; waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY, *Z$ Sacramento st.
SHEEP herder, J30 and found; blacksmith and
woodworker, $45 and found; 3 machinists, $3
and $3 E0 day; iron molaers, $3 25 to $3 60 day;
75 woodchoppers, post and railroad tie makers
and shingle bolt makers for long job: 10 rail-
road laborers, $1 50 day and board; laborers
and teamsters for mill company, $2 25 and
$2 30 day; 5 miners, $2 50 and $3 day; car
men. $2 25 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
A— 15C0 MEN to build new railroad and tunnels
for State of Nevada, Los Angeles County,
BakersHeld. Santa Barbara $2 a day up
Ship dally Fee $1 Free Fare
WK) men for the wood3 and sawmllle, $30 to
$45 and found; 8-horse mountain teamsters,
$40 and found; f>0 miners, $2 50 and $3 a day;
50 farmers, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, cooks,
bakers, waiters, kitchen hands, laundry men
and hundreds of others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary at :
A— BELL boy and elevator boy, country hotel:
free fare; $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Gear}' st.
WANTED i ¦'
Machinist and run lathe, country. $3 a day;
bread and cako baker, $40 and found; cook,
country hotel, $45; hostler, near city, $30 and
found; 2 milkers, same ranch, $25; stableman
and drive, $25 and found: farmer for institu-
tion, $20; 2 laborers around mine, $2 a day: 2
farmers, $26; pick and shovel laborers, $2 50
a day; railroad laborers, $2 a day and free
fare; middle-aged German, private place, $20;
20 ax men and woodchoppers. good wages and
everything furnished. W. D. EWER & CO.,
C10 Clay Bt. .
MAN and wife to take charge of a ranch, $40;
good place.. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL, cook, $40; country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WANTED— A competent assistant saleslady for
glovo department. WEIN9TOCK, LUBIN &
CO.. Market and Taylor bts. '
TWO good stenographers: Remington opera-
tors. Call WYCKOFF, SEAMAN'S & BENB-
PICT. 211 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLAPS hand to take work home on |
cording underskirts, etc. II. FRIED- ,
LANDER, 338 Fell st.
V,* ANTED— A girl for general housework; short
distance in country; call between 9 and 11 a.
m. 2615 Union et.
WANTED— Flrrt-class coat finisher. 620 Kear-
ny et., room 1, first floor.
GOOD chocolate dipper: steady; 9 hours' work;
$6. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth ft . ;
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 40 Ellis
et., room C2; steady work^
WANTED— Experienced restaurant waitresses;
good pay. Apply Cline's Creamery, 413 Mkt.
GIRL to assist In light housework and take
care of baby. 1C2 Central ave.
FUR finisher wanted. T. PACKERT. 318
Leavenworth st., between Eddy and Ellis.
A GIRL for general housework in small family.
Call at 212S Bush St.
A GIRL to assist in housework; wages $12. 771
Cole st.
GIRL, family of 3; housework; $S or $10 per
month. 1600 McAllister st.
WANTED— Smart girls to work. Apply 141
Fremont tit... after 9 a. m.
WANTED— A woman to wash napkins; wages
$20. £17 Montgomery st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32H Fremont st.;
no experience neceesary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
GERMAN girl to assist with grown children
and ll_ht housework; wages $20. Apply 1212
Masonic ave., near Haight st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 1S24, Call office.
I APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ets.
WAITRESS wanted at Hotel Repelier, 781 Sut-
i ter Bt. ;
WANTED — Girl to do upstaJrs work and as-
sist with two children. 1230 Ellis st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
. Valencia Ht.
IIOCSKS TO LIST.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., U Montgomery.
LOST A.VD FOUXD.
L^T^n^o^rof^erchTnts 1 Exchange, horse
16 hands high, slim, business buggy, red
running gear, blanket, whip and weight. K e "
turn to LOUIS ANDERSON & CO., 2t> East
pt. ; reward. .
LOST— Small purse containing £2 en Sacra-
mento-st cars or on Suruce St.. between feac-
ramento and Clay sts. Reward raid at -S
California st.. clty^
LOST-A black velvet cape. Return 433 Ninth
St.. receive reward.
LOST— Large pointer dog: liver spots; reward.
261S Sacramento St.
3iEUICAL.
MRsT~Dr".~1kOHI^ removed to 445 Eddy St.. the
well-known and reliable ladles' physician;
guaranteed treatment at ofnee, ?3; home far
1'atlents before and during conrinement; con-
sultatioa free and ccntldcntlal; hours, 9 to o
and 7 to S: Sundays. 10 to 2. 446 Eddy st.. be-
tween Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. \V. O'DONNELL, the world-renowneK
ladies' specialist; safe and retiaMe; has prac-
ticed in t-an Francisco fur years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; trt-atment can be
uped at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023% Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market St.: re-
liable ladies' specialists; 30 years' practice;
patients' private home: positive cure at of-
fice; celebrated HINDO HERB home treat-
ment; send 5 2-cent stamps for clrcuiar.
DR3. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; sale ana reliable;
cure Jj; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low lees. 1CV7H Market st.. near Sixth.
ilRS. DR. VV VKTH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs"
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
oftlce $3; any aliment; consultation tree; con-
fidential. 94.' Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 10J5 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement: sa.fe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S. '
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 71i> Sacramento.cor. Kearny ;aelvlce free.
DR. WISE (YS). the ladies' specialist, 111S
Market 8t. ; every case guaranteed; $5 up. j
NldE reliable home for confinement; reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. Pfr~EIFFBU.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
ea.«es of the human body. 115 Mason Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS KOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. JIc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, W13, 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; writ* for catalogue.
ANOTHER Standard caligraph typewriter re-
modeled: prints like new: |2G; will send for
trial and examination. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip<*-. shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SEWING machine, nearly new, for sale cheap.
1900 Turk St.. corner Brodericfc.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and Ba?ollne eng. II. S. White. 516 illusion.
VERT handscme mountain lion skin rug; price
$100. 1S05 Ha'.ght gt.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— 2 half breed Dane and New-
foundland pups at 239 Sanchez st.
S-LD. steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
IiUOS., E3S Brannan at.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 109 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HAKTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75; concert records, $150. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron ami wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 13a Beale.
; SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
i lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
I MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
I pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
! A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, l'Xt-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 plan?r and matcher; 1
air comnressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS \VA.\TS.
WANTED— A Petaluma hay press ingoodcondl- ;
tton; state where can be Been. Address io2 :
East Thirty-fourth st.. Oakland. ;
j "WANTED — An alphabetically arranged cabinet
letter file. Address 420 Front st.
SEALSKINS are what we Day biff prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value fcr your cast-off c!othln<
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOA\.
¦ ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
! second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
1 In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
I mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first
¦ floor, Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN &. OLSEN.
! HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaJn
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S48 Market
; st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
! ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
: service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
I 6S and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low ratas; confidential.
UONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 12C Kearny, room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telerhooe Davis 393.
TO salaried people without security:' all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
I MONEY loaned salaried people without security:
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum, 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. C03, Examiner building.
K. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH leaned to Ealaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building..
ON furnltur?, pfanos. without removal: no com-
j mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorrer.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL UVSTHXlMEXTS.
WE have only one of the $1$5 bargains left
now; if you want It come at once. JfAU-
VAIS', 769 Market St.
PACKARD organs, for parlor or church use,
are way ahead of all others; cases are high
and low; prices are all low. MAUVA1S". TK>
Market st.
DECKER & Son. Packard and Boothe Bros.'
are our great sellers; call and see the fine
styles and low prices; we have some good
squares at almost your own figure. &IAU-
VAIS', 763 Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos Jn
every grade from Stelnway down to low-
priceil makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos $G cash, $6 per
month: other pianos. $3. $4 and $5 per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*!
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«e
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; 'pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of alt gradea
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible clone to please and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to J31
Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue for
two wefks to make room for new stock; open
evening?; agency for the celebrated Sftoninger
& Behnlnc pianos, New York.
A NICE upright JW)
A better one jpo
Fischer upright, good condition... r.KS
A 5, d .t° 9^ r BOOd second-hand bargains.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'FarTell 81
SOIIMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 3CS Poet at., o^p. Union square.
¦ ¦-... m w * "
MUSICAL. l.\STBCME.VTS.
A^>T7[e9a^'^n~7frad^^
piano offered this week at a sacrifice. Room
12, Flood building. .
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment $3
per month. SCKMITZ. IS McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market.
W G BADGEn..4C Sacramento St.. aeent for
Francis Bacon and Hailett & Davis pianoa.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MLXLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE St<"lnway, 1 Chicker!ntr. $19*>; installments
$5 to $10; rent 12 up. HEINE'S. 13* Ellis st.
REDUCTION' sale; new pianos. $5 payment*:
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2' .3 Post st.
TALMlViKV.
MME. Neergrtrd. Ftps. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 xn S. CIS Peary, nr. Jonea.
rASTUUAUE.
SCO TO 3C0 acres grr»?n pasture, clover and wild
Krasses mixed, for horses or cattle. e or
terms apply A. IX FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PERSOXALS.
I.EDERER 13 the hairdresser t^at gives you the
very latest hair styles for 2ic; Foamo Sham-
poo 5c pkg. 1!:3 Stockton st. ___
ELECTRIC lights in every room — Winchester
Hctel. ?» Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $5 per week:
free 'bus and bagsage to and from the fem^
SUITS to order on Installments: $13 upward;
$1 a. week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA, wonderfully sifted healer. 31
Kearny St.. room 11. cur<>3 nervousness*. In-
somnia, blindDess. Bright' s disease, rupture.
AIILBORN House, 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ing? German-American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up; finest meals In city. 23c.
LEDERER Bells fine switches for only SI: maka
them of your own hair at a small price.
LADIES' a nc! gents' ca?t -off clnhine bought &
sold. Silverman. SS-t Folaom. tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED — Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Pupont st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca hair tonic cleanses.
gives a fine gloss; nothing like it; 35c bot.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and cart reader.
S50 Market St., second flpor. room 37.
SUITS to crder on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothinc.old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. C06 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 raclfic ave.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner &>3L
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio, 11 Geary St.. ground and to? floors.
ravsicuxs axd siiigeoss.
DR. C. C. aDONNELL-rOfnce and residence,
1021'it Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL I5TATE CITY— FOR SALE.
a. m. 1peck~&~co7
687 Market St.. opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
535, CCO— Best corner on Van Ness ave. ; lot 60x109
feet; improved.
$4j,CCO— Larkin st. ; business property: down-
town: €2:6 ft. frontage; rents $270.
J42.CC0 — Corner; rents J4SC0; modern- improve-
ments; lot 50x137:6; paj-9 10 per cent net.
$30,CC0— Sixth-st. corner; modern building; 40
fe?t frontage; rents $2C5; stores and lodg-
ing-house; bank will loan S20.CCO.
! $22. PCO— Sixth St.; 7i feet frontage; rents $2C0; 4
; stores and CO rooms.
I f 12.5f»fl — Mission St., nr. Sixth: worth . $17,000;
store and lodging-house; rent3 nearly
JllCO annually.
J Jll.CCO — Market-st. corner; modern building;
st-re and flat: former price Sl'.SOO.
i $3.7^'l — Ninth st. nr. Mission; improvM.
! J7.6JO— 6 flats; rent3 tJ>'0 a year; lot ;Xx75.
$0,500 — Powell st.: store and flats: rents $62.
j A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market ?t.
i BARGAIN— For sale; a snap in good t?ne- lent
| property: situate near Eleventh and Jloxard.
: sts. : i tenants: rents $45 per month: price
t $C60O: must be sold; owner going away. Kor
further information apply room 603, Examiner
bu'.Iding.
fZSOO — MODERN 9-room house in choice location
i on Walter St.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps.
• frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
! ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. K. NELSON, builder.
i MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
1 prices: plans and estimates famished for ail
i ' building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
! MODERN rottasre of o rooms and bith. See
| owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st. '
REAL ESTATE COI'.VTIIY — For Sale
FOR sale or rent, at Mill Valley, two 5-room
cottages; modern Improvements: fruit tree;*
and vines of every variety. Address J.
ADAMS. Corte Madera. Cal.
' ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3iXi0 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. Mere than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SICK ELS. the land agent. S Geary.
i A— PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market
j* st.. city and country property sold or exchngd.
— —^»— — — — < — — — ¦ ————————— —»——»——————; ———_—_—_— i
ROOMS FOIl HOI SEKEEPIXG.
EDDY, 917 — Very desirable sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; no children.
| ELLIS. 20ft v i — One or two rooms, light house-
keeping; reasonable; private family.
! FIFTH) 303—3 furnished housekeeping, $12 ar.d
| $14; 1 for $7: single bedrooms, $t, $5 per mo.
! F1L.MORE. 2212. near Clay— $10: 3 large, sunny,
| unfurnished rooirs; nice yard and water.
i FOLPOM. 558— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold water; range.
I FURNISHED apartment, parlor. 2 bedrooms fa
; kitchen: rent $12. Apply at store, 615 Second.
i LARKIN. S04— Large sunny back room, neatly
furnished: 1 or 2 persons; housekeeping U de-
I sired; $7 50.
! MISSION, 945— A nice fn:nt room and kitchen;
I complete fcr housekeeping.
t OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow room, mantle and gas; suitable for two
persons: $10.
j SILVER. 163. near Fourth— Parlor and kitchen.
i, furnished for housekeeping.
i SIXTH. lStJ— Front and back parlors: suitabla
j for office; also rooms for light housekeeping.
j SUTTER, 56S. rear — 3 unfurnished sunny room*;
'¦ call bet. 12 and 1 p. m. or after 6 p. m.
THIRD. 340— One room complete for housekeep-
ing: rent 15.
THIRTEENTH. 32!). nr. Valencia-1 large front
room, complete for housekeeping 1 : rent $7.
i 4 SMALL unfurn. rooms: fl 30 each: located
J Fifth and Market. Particulars 342 Kearny »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office. 2200FMmore St.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<i
f subscriptions has. been established at 1036 Va»
! lencia st.
I nOOMS TO LET Fan. and Intarn.
A- BRUNSWICK" HOUSE] lW^SUth^Roc^is
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open, all night.
i BURNETT. 142S Market st. (old No. 1364>— Fur-
j nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
1 CLEMENTINA. 434%. bet. Fifth and Sixth—
Furnished room with use of parlor; rent 53.
ELLIS, 633, cor. Larkin— Sunny front room-
folding bed: Welsbach lights; suitable for 2.
FOLSOM. S3t— $1 week; large sunny furnished
room; closet: bath; private; call by 8 p. m.
FOLSOM. 963. cor. «th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rocms. single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
PEARY, 411— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
GEARY. IZ0— Elegant sunny parlor suite; p!an>
telephone; other rooms; light housekepeing. *
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631— Two sunny unfur-
nished rocms. with gas. $S; also furnished
room, $6.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Eleerant suites- single- tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9SJ. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, wwk or month.
HOWARD, 1505. near Twelfth— Rooms, clean,
new and sunny; references.
MARKET. 1035. between Sixth and Seventh*
_Sur.ny furnbhed double rooms; $S month.
MASON. 219. nr. cor. O'Farrell— Newly fur.
t r.ished rooms; fine clean twrts- $6 and $S and
up per week; quiet, respectable: transient,
t.cc to ?l per day.
MCALLISTER. 1050-Very sunny front room;
fiU!«'*t * f 5. *
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
rooms; Soc a day up: $3 a week up; transient.
OAK. 119— Upper floor; 5 rooms and bath: $14- 1
large »unny room, closet, furnished for houaa-
neepinj, $3.
"WANTED— 300 woman to work on fruit can-
ning and preparing; steady work; highest
wages. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison avc, between Sev-
enth and Eighth, off Folsom.
CANNERS— "Women and girls; steady work and
highest wages. Apply California Canneries
Company, Ltd., Brtnnan St., between Third
end Fourth.
HELP WAXTEO-FEMAtE. '
C. It. HANSE^"^CaT?JPHONE^RANT 1S5
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for best commercial hotels. $20
and $25; 7 waitresses, springs and resorts. $20.
many. fare paid; 2 waitresses, city. $20; cham-
bermaid, country J20; 2 chambermaids to
wait. $20; pastry cook, $40; waitress, Nevada
State. |25, fare paid
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
-Invalid's nurse, city. .$13 to $20; Invalid's
nurse, country, $25; 5 children's nurses, city,
?10, $15. $20; young girl for labeling, $3 a
week, from 9 to 5; woman desiring good
homelike place country $20 and fare, no
washing, call early, and 25 houaeglrls, city
and country; ranch cook, no objection to
child. $20. c. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MAN and wife as cook and farmer. C. II.
HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary it.
A— HOTEL cook, Santa Cruz, $35; chamber-
maid and waitress, Eame place, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Butter st.
A— COLORED girl, housework. $20. MISS CCL-
LEN. S25 Sutter Bt. __
A-PASTRY cook, hotel. $35. MISS CULLEN.
325 Butter st.
A— GERMAN upstairs girl and sew.- $23. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Eutter at.
WANTED— Cook, Oerman style, city, small
wash, 2 In family, $33; cook, small wash,
Fhort distance, $30; 2 waitresses for springs,
fame place, $20; waitresses, private boarding-
houses, city, $20; 4 waitresses, summer re-
sorts, $20; 2 waitresses, country restaurant,
$25; nurse, care 1 child, 3 years, and upstairs
work. $20, and' a large number of girls for
general housework, city and country, $20, $25
and $:0. Apply to J. F. CHOSETT, 316 Sutter.
YOUNG nurse girl, $20; German or Swedish
cook, must understand German cooking. $30;
Eeneral housework girl. 3 in family, city ref-
erences, $2S. MISS J. F. KELLY, 413 Powell
Et., near Sutter. .HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
r Hermann. Boston
Mrs Hermann, Boston
t: L Willows, S Rafael
Mrs Willows. S Uaf*/>1
F A Hagln. N Y
J Finnell. Teha_ma
W Warr. Philadelphia
F H Buck. Cal
O W Crawford, Gait
J Whitleke. Hit Lake
ilrs Whitlake. Sit Lke
B P Barker. f~B.J
F D Bates. S Mateo
II C Ixjwe. Colo
Mrs l«o we, Colo
ll-T Lowe, Colo
J It I*wp, Colo
I- H Mechborjr. K T
W Marshall. Chicago
Mr* K Ai Smith. Ttah
IV M (i-aham. I>js Ang
Urn Graham, l.*>s An«
y B Hart-fll. M^rc-d
Mr? Harrell. Merced
W K Bldridcc N Y
»: N Gilbert, s Barbara
j' J Uarklny. ly.p Ang
It N Jacobt. Reading
Mrs M A Wilrox. L, A
VIrsM A Lon*street,LA
i!iFs A H Wllcox. L A
; V Robbing, N Y
\ O Fester. Wash
1 P Hnowden. N J
Mrs Snowden. N J
1 I) W Snowden. N J
Mrs J Diebert. N J
Mrs J R Bagdon, Cal
A R Lordsport, Athens
f Valladakl. Athens
tlrs A Page. Belvedere
Mr Glover, Cal
Mrs Glover, Cal
1 D Schuyler, Los Ang
V J Field, Monterey
Mrs G W Cutter. Mass
K A O'Hagen, N Y
H Platt. Ogden
li Tupper, Denver
r McRae, N Y
I C Schulte. N Y
A G Mnginnis. L Ang
H J Ramsey, Seattle
Mrs Ramsey. Seattle
Mrs J S Phillips. Cal
Miss rhllllps. Cal
A N Laird, N 1'
GRAND HOTEL.
Z H Ruben«tein. Cal
B Porter A.- w Phoenix
K A noeers & w. L A
T f JVfiyendale, Chlcg
K F iiooth. Mexico
Mn< <: O Butler & c.
Lot Gates
E»r V II Morse. .Minn
F" M«fe, Minn
Dr B Ii Cory. Fresno
Mrs Cra<ldock. Fr»sno
C K Denniar.. Cal
J n Uenmaii & w. Cal
Miss Behroder, £ Jose
I B Glor.n, RaKorsfleld
J C KHs, Dayton
L A Lambkin. Boston
Miss J E Hofobs, Bostn
Mlns li K Swift. Bo^tn
W K Starr. Detroit
W T Howard. Reno
.1 Talbot, S Jose
J Mcfudden Vallejo
•tlaa McCudden. Valljo
It Bancroft. Merced
J Fleming, Atwater
K Ingalls, Atchison
W Jereslaw, Brentwod
B A D Osly, Col
Mra I> Peck. Sacto
Bteveawa. Hanfora
E J Mllley, L Ang
A U liajn, Naea
S Laughlin. Mobs Land
H M .Sf. want, Dawson
J vv Slaydert. Dawson
E W Clark, S 1. Oblspo
" Wllliamson&w, Nev
J H'iDe. w & d, Ogden
A C Cresley. Cal
K J Relnhan. Iowa
M GlraFon. Iowa
C H Strujz. Chicago
C Xujrridge, Vallejo
y K 'i'imberlake, St L
S O Hanna, USA
J C Ware. Shasta
A H Vachell. ri Jose
F A Jones. Fresno
J Flatiniun. Cal
II Goldsmith. Stockton
II G Scuddar. N Y
E F Gumpert, X Y
H J Regan, S Jo«e
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
P Ghi<Jo*Fl & w, Boul
Cln Inland
P Brady, Stockton
O W London, Cal
Mra Condon, Cal
J Maloney. San Jose
H <.arter. L^s Ang
J Western>ld. Fresno
B Temple, Berkeley
Q k. Wbiteslda, Cal
IT ray. ValJeJo
I Minn K Fltzpatrtrk.LA
U Hlerbaum, N Y
R House, Los Ang
Mre House. Los Ang
|T Hoii?f. Loa Ang
V L Stuart. Bacto
|P Maxwell. Riverside
;fl Rogers, Pasadena
J D Brown, Sta Roea
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Covlngton Johnson to John H. Siemer. lot on
SE corner of Oak and Octavia streets, S 80 by
E 60; HO.
Elizabeth A. Cookson and Jemima B. Lleb to
Robert B. Phillips, lot on N line of Pase street,
,137:6 W of Lacuna, W 65 by N 120; also lot on
SW line of Fourteenth avenue. 100 SE of P
street SW 100 by SE 25, block 201, CX. and H.
Tract: $10.
Franklin Heywood to Edward and Alice J.
Phipps. lot on N line of Hayes street, 137:6
W of Broderick. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Thomas Kinread to Emily M. Kinread, lot on
5 line of Hayes street, 81:3 E of Central avenue
(Lott), E 25 by S 100: gift.
Elizabeth H. and Joseph S. W. Saunders to
Edward L. Christln. lot on W line of Lyon
street. 100 N of Hayes. N 25 by W 112:6; $1(>.
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Alfred
M. Meyer, lot on E line of Maple street, 62:814
6 of Clay. S 25 by E 87:6: $16.
Alfred M. Meyer to Lydia F. Meyer, same;
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to Henry
Smith lot on N line of Twenty-fourth Btreet,
110 E of Folsom. E 37:6 by N 100; $10.
Henrietta Wellandt to Ferdinand E. Hesthal,
lot on SE corner of Greenwich and Jones
streets. E 22:6 by S 60; $10.
Daniel B. Hlnckley,' James and Kate Spier*
and Daniel and Eleanor A. Hayes to Union Iron
"Works (a corporation), lot on E corner of Sec
ond and Folsom streets. NE 275 by SE 275;
also all interest In lot on Essex place, NE of
Second. 275 SE of Folsom. NE 275 by SE 25; J10.
Edward, C. Carroll to Thomas Carroll, lot on
W line of Gilbert street. 230 N of Brannan. NW
23 by S"\V SO; $10.
William A. Morlson to Henry W. "Watklns.
lot on SW corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and H
street. S 600 by W 240; $10
P H and Josephine M. Walton to Oscar
Herman, lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue,
100 S of L street. S 100 by B 120; $10.
| Alameda County. a
Robert and Frances G. Ferral to Maurice
Wurts lot on NW line of Emerson street, with
SE line of Stanford avenue, SE S0.13, NE 10C.
X\V 33 61 SW 116.SC. to beginning, being por
tion lots U and 15, block L. Amended Map New
bury Tract, subject to a mortgage for $250;
B Sa k imjeV-T. and Martha E. Alexander to
Geor-e W Slireve, lot on SW corner of Bot.
ditch" street and Durant avenue. W 50 by S 30.
b»in- lot S on Map of subdivision lots S and
4 ~ biocJc 10. College HomeBtead, Berkeley; $10.
'Benjamin F. Mason to James Linfoot, lot on
5 corner main county road Oakland to San
Laandro and Peralta avenue, SE 144 by SW
240. Brooklyn Township: . grant.
V v - • i_. and Roberta Rodgers. Nicholas and
Sarah R Uowden. T. C. and Mary E. Coosan
and \lbert E. Crane to Robert C. Rosenberc,
lot on W line of Bonton street, formerly St.
Johns street. 140 S of Santa Clara avenue, for
merlv Jefferpon avenue, S 150 by W 130. belns
lots 13 to 20. block 21. Map of Mary A. Fitch
Homestead, Alameda^ $10.
John and Mary Dalton to Mary A. Barrett
(widow) lot on N line of West Tenth street.
1C1-T>4 E of Center. E 25 by N 73. being the E
23 feet lot 4, block 5CS. Eighth Street Tract.
Oakland; *3. . '. „'.;:, „ „ ;
Ferdinand Iteln Jr. and illiam S. Pardy
(trustees Calvin R. and Annie E. Shaw) to Pa
cific States Savinss. Loan and Building Co.,
all interest 653 D. 414. lot on S line of Wal
lace avenue or Forty-fifth street, 640.15 E of
Salem, E 50. S 146.13, "W. 50.20, to a point dis
tant 130.66 S from point of beginning on a )ihe
at right angles with Wallace avenue or Forty-
Hfth Rtreet. 150.C8 to beginning, being lot 20,
Map of Coggreshall Tract, E of Han Pablo ave
nue. Oakland Township, trustees' deed; $1S0O.
Peter A. Davidson to Hatty H. Owen, lot on
N line of Thirty-seventh 6treet. 130 W of
Grove. W 25 by N 147.50. txMng the W fi of lot
J. block B." Apgar tract,- Oakland: *10.
Frederick Boegle, J. E. McElrath et al. by
W. S. Harlow (commissioner) to Oakland Bank
of Savings, lota 1 and 3 block A, lots 5 and 6
Postal Changes.
Special ni.opatch to The Call.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted and Increased and
WASHINGTON. July 12.— Pensions were
issued to-day as follows: California: Ad
ditional—John Kin>» Columbia, $12. Re
newal—Peter Ofhlich. Soldiers" Home, Los
Angeles, $6. Increase— Israel Thackar,
Brownell, $12; Will C. Eaton. Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, 510; Wesley C. Saw
yer, K^lmont, $50. Original widows— Lydia
H. Mooney, Oakland, $S; Elizabeth
Sehmitt, San Francisco, $8; William Muhl
nauser, San Franclrco, $10.
Oregon: Additional— Marion II. Parker.
Greenville, $S; minor of William H. Cros
ley. Furest Grove, $10. War with Spain:
Reissue— Jacob C. Bins. The Dalles. $10.
Washington: Renewal— Charles H. Kb
ert, Tacoma, SS: minors of Peter William
Gannon. Kent, $12; Anna J. Coats, Yelm,
$8. Mexican war widows — Nancy P. Cook,
Sedro Woolley. $S.
Postmastors were commissioned as fol
lows: California— Garey, Thomas H. Tun
nell; Dyerville, Bertram T. Tuttle.
TULARE FAIR,
Held in the Valley.
Promises to Be One of the Best Ever
Special Dispatch to The Call. i
TULARE, July 12.— The AgrlcultuAl
Fair of Tulare County, for which the State
has appropriated $1M)O. promises to be the
most successful one in the history of the
State. A unique feature will be the citrus
fair of the San Joaquin Valley, for which
the Board of Supervisors to-day appro
priated $1000 additional.
The central location of Tulare In the
ejtrus producing district of the valley
makes it a most desirable location. It also
affords exceptional facilities in its large
pavilion, recently erected by its citizens.
The citizens, not only of Tulare, but of the
entire county, are enthusiastic over the
outlook, and assure one of the largest and
best displays held in the San Joaquln
Valley. — '
WEDS AN EDITOR.
Daughter of President of Georgia
Railway Becomes the Bride
of Clark Howell.
Fell From His Engine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. July 12.— Hon. Clark
Howell of Atlanta, editor of the Atlanta
Constitution, was married to-night to Miss
Annie Comer, daughter of the late Hugh
M Comer, president of the Central
Georgia Railway. Immediately after the
ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Howell left ior
New York, where they will take passage
for Europe for a tour of several months.
SUISUN. July 12.— When the west-bound
Sacramento local train reached Elmira
this afternoon it was discovered that En
cineer John Sankey was missing. The fire
man said that he last saw him on the rail
ing of the engine a few minutes previous
ly The train was backed up, and after
going a distance of about two miles Mr.
Sankey was found sitting alongside the
track in a dazed condition and his face
covered with blood. He was unable to give
any satisfactory answers to the questions
asked him. He could not tell how the ac
cident occurred, but he evidently lost his
footing. The train was running at a speed
of forty-five miles an hour at the time.
The Injured engineer was taken to the
railroad hospital at San Francisco. ; ¦; :
Hiltel Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Wants an Allowance.
NAPA, July 12.— John Hiltel of Calisto
ga charged with arsou, has been on trial
in the Superior Court here for two days.
It was alleged that defendant set fire to
his dwelling house and winery in the up
ner valley a few monthu ago and burned
ft down. The jury, after being out sev
eral hours, brought In a verdict Wednes
day evening that Hiltel was guilty in the
second degree, accompanied by a recom
mendation for mercy. Hiltel will be sen
tenced on July 16.
LOS ANGELES. July 12.-Mrs. Louisa
Creede, widow of Nicholas Creede, the
mining millionaire of Colorado, who died
here several years ago, to-day petitioned
the courts here for an order on tho ad
ministrator for a family allowance of $250
per month. This is an attempt to open
the old case wherein she was denied a
portion of the large estate on account of
an agreement to separate, by the term*
of which she was given $20,000 cash.
Shock Proved Fatal.
SANTA ANA. July 12.-Floyd Anderson,
a 13-year-old boy who last night threw
a clothes wire across the electric light
wire of the Edison Company at West
Orange and caught hold of the dangling
ends, died this morning. Physicians
worked all night in an effort to revive
him. The wire carried COO volts.
Smallpox Scare Ended.
JACKSON. July 12.— The smallpox sit
uation Is steadily Improving. . No deaths
have occurred from the disease and there
has not been the least reason to fear a
fatal termination In any instance. | Every
patient is Considered out of danger.
Exhibits Are Now All in Place and
Duties of Employes Will Be
Much Lighter. _j
PARIS, July 32.— The reduction in sala
ries announced by Commissioner Ferd W.
Peck does not affect all the employes of
the commission, but only those who re
ceived an increase of salary on their ar
rival in Paris. This increase has a hori
zontal reduction of 50 per cent, and comes
into effect August 1. This action. Mr.
Peck explains, is in accordance with the
circular of February 15 announcing the In
crease, in the following language:
"In consideration of the extra expense
entailed by living in Paris, your salary,
from March 1 and until not later than No
vember 1, will be at the rate of dol
lars per annum. I may find it necessary
to decrease this compensation at any time
during the above period if in my judgment
It/Is desirable owing to developments ot
tlft? situation.
/Mr. Peck tojday said that as the work
of the installation of exhibits was com
pleted and the arduous character of the
labor and demands on the time of the em
ployes was lessened It was only fair that
there be a corresponding reduction in com
pensation.
NO SMAXLPOX AT LODI.
Citizens Are Unable to Account for
FEIGNS INSANITY.
the Circulation of a False
Report. - ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, July 12.— There are a lot of angry
citizens in this town just now, and there
is every cause for their anger. In some
way not known to mortal mt-'l the re
port went abroad that small: x existed
in the ex-sporting center, and since then
inquiries have como in from outside places
and people regarding the truth of the ru
mor. Drummers on the road heard it
afar and made Inquiry before extending
their trip thus far; a county jollification
of Rathbone Sisters to be given here on
Saturday evening came near falling
through owing to the report of existent
smallpox in the watermelon center hav
ing reached Stockton. The Stockton
Ratlibones and Knights were on the qui
vive until they recfived word that tho re
port was utterly false. As a matter of
fact, Lodl has never had a case of small
pox in its existence: the town has not a
single case of sickness at present, nor
has it had for some time, and the ab
sence of illness of every sort is a subject
of comment among the physicians here.
How the smallpox fabrication ever came
into existence will probably never be'
known, but Lodi is angry and hurt that
such a falsehood should get abroad when
the town never presented a healthier ap
pearance than right now.
Organized Chicken Thieves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, July 12.— This town Is suffering:
from an organized gans of chicken thieves
and there are citizens laying for the bold,
bad thieves with shotguns loaded with
something worse than salt. In fact, some
bod v's anatomy will receive a wholesale
perforation one of these nights and hen
neries will be able to conduct themselves
without double padlocking the doors.
Chicken rnisint* Is done quite extensively
in Lodl and for some time past constant
raids have beon made on the biggest and
best henneries in town and among- the
suburbs. As a result the largest chicken
vards are almost 'depopulated and somo
raisers have sold their remaining stock
and given up in despair. -One Lodl an en
joyed the Fourth in Stockton and on re
turning the following day found that his
hennery had been robbed during the night
of all it. contained, amounting to several
dozen fine bred fowls. ¦ This is only one
Instance out of many. "While there are
fcusplcions as to : the guilty parties yet
no direct evidence has been obtained,
though it is thought if the officers hustled
a bit they could lay hands on the thieves.
Plaisted; Itesigns.,
LOS ANGELES, July 12.-Mark R.
Plalsted, editor of the Fresno Democrat,
resigned to-day as secretary of the High
lands Insane Asylum, and Governor. Gage
appointed John Morton of this city to suc
ceed him.
PECK EXPLAINS WHY
SALARIES ARE REDUCED
FRUIT MARKET POOL.
Low.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Prices Offered in the East Are Very
LODI. July 12.— Fruit growers In this
neighborhood are in poor spirits over the
market orrather the lack of market for
green fruit in the East. The growers of
this section are among the heaviest ship
pers of the State, and the low price ob
taining now has upset their calculations
owing to the fact that heavy crops pre
va "-. Owing: to the scare most of the
peaches will be sold to the Stockton can
nery, growers preferring to take a small
steady price for their entire output than
take chances with a glutted Eastern mar
ket. Selling to the cannery will do away
with a majority of the help used In for
mer seasons, as a few cutters and pack
ers in each orchard can handle all the
peaches which may be dried or sent East.
Apricots bore heavily, but the crop had
to be dried almost to a "cot," as the
"shotgun fungus." or scale, prevailed in
every orchard, whether sprayed or not,
to such an extent that the cannery peo
ple would handle only a very small per
centage of the crop. Apropos of the fruit
question, Lodl believes she is entitled to
the honor of shipping the first green fruit
cargo ever sent from the State to the
far north. Francis Le filer, a local or
chardlst, received a $200 check this week
from a friend at Cape Nome, requesting
the shipment of peaches to that amount.
As no refrigerator linea are running be
tween San Francisco and Nome, Mr. Leff
ler knew it would be ruinous to ship green
peaches, but determined to fill the order
by carefully selecting apples, pears and
plums. So the Nome man will receive his
fruit.
NAMED FOR WEST POINT.
Recent Appointees to the Military
Academy From Various
States.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— Among: the
cadets for West Point appointed from
States at large during the past week un
der the Increase provided by recent legis
lation are the following: Torrey B.
iUaRhee. Rawlins, Wyo., Henry Pointing,
I^aramie, Wyo., alternate; Kendall Fel
lows. Spokane, Wash.. Leo P. Quinn al
ternate, Spokane. Wash.; Edward le
Compte, Park City. Utah. R. I* Irvine al
ternate, Logan, Utah; Rupert Dunford,
Salt Lake City, Utah, Gerald Chllds al
ternate, Ogden. Utah; Arthur W. Lane,
Portland, Or., Henry R. Adair alternate,
Astoria. Or.; Hugh L. Walthall, Modesto.
Cal., Carl D. Adams alternate. New On
tario, Cal.; Lowe A. McClure, Carson City,
Nev., Fred A. Garges alternate, Reno,
Nev. .
LATE SKIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 12.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle, hours from
Lompoc and way ports.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. 80 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Kr ship Sir Kohert Fertile, Cannon, 63 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Orient. Sanders. 10 days from Port Gam
ble.
Schr Impossible. Low, S hours from Point
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived July 12-Schr
Marlon, hence June ?9.
Sailed July 12 — Strar Grace Dollar, for Ven
tura: schr Chas R Wilson, for San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 12.— The people of
Mountain View were awakened last night
at about' 10 o'clock by a terrific explosion
in Weilheimer & Sons' powder magazine,
which is situated about forty feet In the
rear of their store, aiid right in the center
of the little town. Windows were broken,
plaster cracked and the populace excitedly
turned out. The magazine, which con
tained two cases of giant powder, six
kegs of black powder, fifty gallons of gas
oline and fifty gallons of coal oil, was
wrecked, but, strange to say, onl'y one keg
of black powder exploded. No one was
near at the time or loss of life might have
resulted.
As soon as it was thought safe an In
vestigation was made. It showed some
one had forced the door of the magazine,
cut a hole In one of the powder kegs and
inserted a fuse and lighted it. It is a
mystery why the balance of the powder
did not explode. Had the other five kegs
of black powder and the two cases of
giant powder exploded buildings all
around would huve been wrecked and the
scattered oil and gasoline would have add
ed flames, which would surely have de
stroyed the town, as there is no means of
ngrhting flre at the place.
The force of the explosion was felt for
quite a distance. A barn close to the
magazine was wrecked, as was the roar of
Weilheimer & Sons' store. In the store
of Ropers & Rogers. 100 feet away, seven
windows were broken. Windows in Park
lnpon'R hardware store, across the street,
and in Johnson's drugstore. 300 feet from
the explosion, wero shattered, and nearly
every pane of glass in Constable J. D.
Martin's residence Buffered. Lesser dam
age was reported over the town.
It is believed the explosion was caused
by some <yie holding a snite against the
Weilheimers. Shortly after the explosion
a man was seen several blocks away run
ning In an opposite direction.
Sheriff Lnngford returnod from Moun
tain View this evening after making a
careful investigation of the explosion. He
in satisfied that it was the work of some
enemy of Wellhplmer. but no clew to the
perpetrator could be found. Constable J.
D. Martin with his bloodhounds Is follow
ing whnt 19 supposed to be the trail of the
man seen running away after the explo
sion. When Lanxford left Mountain View-
Martin had not returned.
Fortunately but One Keg of Powder
Exploded, but the Building
Was Wrecked and Win
• dows Broken.
Contained Sufficient Explo
sives to Destroy the En
tire Town.
MAGAZINE AT
MOUNTAIN VIEW
IS BLOWN UP
PHILADELPHIA, July 12.-Judgs Mc-
Pherson in the United States District
Court to-day handed down a decision in
the case of a deserting Russian naval
surgeon which has an important bearing
on the sending by foreign nations to this
country of skeleton crev/s to man war
ships under construction in the United
States.
The case was that of Leon AlexandrofT,
an assistant surgeon, who was assigned,
with a staff officer and a crew of nf ty-four
sailors, io man the cruiser Varlag, which
is near completion at the Cramp ship
yards.
Habeas corpus proceedings for the re
lease of Alexandroff were brought two
weeks ago. Counsel for the prisoner at
that hearing contended that the treaty
between the United States and Russia,
merely* provided that in case a Russian
seaman deserted a Russian vessel while
In this country, he should be apprehended
and returned to the latter Government.
It-was also contended that the prisoner
was not guilty of such an offense, as the
crew of the Variag had never been organ
ized. Therefore, It was argued that Alex
nndroff might be a. deserter from the Rus
sian navy, but not from a Russian vessel.
It was maintained by the counsel for
the Russian Government that the treaty
provided for desertions from the navy as
well as Russian vessels.
Judge McPherson discharged the prison
er on the ground maintained by Alexan
droff's counsel. The Judge said he had
reached the decision with reluctance as
the prisoner was a deserter and he did
not regard his abandonment of duty with
favor.
Counsel for the Russian Government im
mediately took an appeal to the United
States Court of Appeals, and Alexandroff
was held In ball pending a decision of that
court.
Decision That Temporary Crews
From the Czar's Domain on Ves
sels Building Here May
Leave With Impunity.
Important Ruling on the
Treaty Between Russia
and This Country.
DESERTER FROM
ROSSI SHIP
FREED BY COURT
CHARLESTON, S. C, July 12.-The Na
tional Education Society to-day chose
its officers for the coming season. The
selections are:
President, J. M. Green of Trenton, N. J.
First vice president, O. T. Corson of
Ohio.
Second vice president, J. A. Foushay of
California,
Treasurer, L. C. Greenle* of Colorado.
Irving Sheppard, the secretary, holds
over.
The selection of the convention city for
1W)1 was left to the executive committee.
The convention will adjourn sine die to
morrow night. At that session the com
mittee on resolutions will mako Its report.
Its findings will urge the bettering and
spreading of the common schools and the
extension of the American system. Into
Cuba, rorto Rico and the Philippines.
Congress will be requested to reorganize
the .Bureau of .Education on broader lines
to meet the increased requirements, and to
establish it as an Independent department
on a plane with the Department of Labor.
It was strictly "ladies' day" at the Au
ditorium, "The Problem of the Grade"'
being assigned them. "Discipline" was
discussed by Miss Gertrude Edmunds of
Lowell, Mass. Miss Elizabeth Buchanan
of Kansas City had for her subject
"Classification and Promotion," and Mrs.
Alice Woodworth Cooley of Minneapolis
spoke on "Instruction."
The nipht session was devoted to a
patriotic song service. *a,
The departments accomplished much
during the day, nearly all carrying out
their lull programmes. '
The kindergarteners heard a paper by
Miss Emma A: Newman of Buffalo and
elected officers. R. Lange of St. Paul,
Miss Elizabeth Parker of Spartanburg
and Dr. Redway of Mount Vernon, N. Y.,
read papers before the elementary educa.
tion department. TVoodford B. Anderson
of the University of South Dakota was
one of those who read papers before the
department of business education. Those
interested In child study heard a paper
on that subject by E. Kratz of Sioux
City, Iowa.
Selection of the Convention City for
the Next Session Is Left to the
Executive Committee
to Designate.
J. A. Foushay of California
Is Elected to Second
Vice Presidency.
NEW OFFICERS
FOR EDUCATION
SOCIETY CHOSEN
block B. lots 1. 2 and 9 block C. lots 1 and 2
block E, lota 1. 2. 3. S and 9 block F. J. E.
McElrath tract, Oakland; J2K0. .
Ernestlna Delger (widow), Edward F. Del
ger. Llllie Trowbridge (wife of II. O. Trow
bridjre), Matilda Brown (widow) and Annie
Moller (wife of William Moller) to Warren D.
Heaton.'lot on W line of Broadway, 13:4 N
of Sixth street, X 31 by TV 7o, block 66, quit
claim deed. Oakland; $W.
I^ee I... and Estelle II. Nichols to Peter P.
Kiel, lot on X line of Thirty-sixth or Logan
ftret-t. SOS:« W of Telegraph avenue, X 150.
W 3S:7. SW 100:9. E 35 to beginning, subject
to a mortgage for $"000, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. Aronson (owner), with M. Levy (con
tractor), architects Hemenway & Miller—
Roughing in of soil, waste, vent, gas, water,,
sewer and other piping and complete all fin
ishing wo^k for each story s»ven worktntc days
fitter each story Is ready for the tame for a
five-story attic and bailment concrete, brick
ard steel conttnirtion on X line of Geary
(street, 62:6 E of Jones, E 75 by X 77:6: total.
$5206.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 13, 1900.
11
Murderer Owens Lodged in San Quen
tin Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN. July 12— Thomas J. Ow
ens, the Santa Rosa murderer, was
brought to the prison last night and has
put in his time since his arrival in doing
the insanity act.
This morning when brought down to be
washed and photographed it was found
that he had cut off one leg of his trousers
above the knee. When asked his name
ha said he didn't know. He refuses to
speak and continually curls his mustache.
Dr. Casey, the prison phylscian, is of thd
opinion that the man is shamming insani
ty. Owens was convicted of the murder
of Edward Hale, whom he killed on the
18th of last April at Lytton Springs. He
was sentenced last Monday by Judge
Dougherty to be hanged on the 2d of Oc
tober next. r . ~
From the time Owens was arrested he
feipned insanity with varying degrees of
skill His mental condition was inquired
into at Santa Rosa and he was pro
nounced sane. The officials at the prison
will keep a close watch on him and en
deavor to find out his real mental condi
tion. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
(»2oHKAfiSTST, EtUWlthed
In ins i for the treatment of Prtrats
Disease*. Loet Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on twwly and mind and
Skin DIaeasesL The doccorcsreawh«n
others tfUL Try him. Chargmlow.
I'urrienaranifH. Callorwrita.
Or. J, r. tilBBOS, Box 1S37, Saa i'rucUta,
CALIFORNIA N08THWESTEBN RT. CO.
IjESSEEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry, Foot •( Market 51.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11.00 a. m.; 13:15.
S:30. 5:10. S:tO p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tris* at \J*
and n:38 o. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:10, 11:00 a. m.; 1:JO, IX,
I: CO. l::t) d. ct.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS—»:10. 7:S0, 9:20. U:10 a. m.: 13MI,
S:44. 5:15 p. m. Sacurdaya — Extra trips M
1:S3 and C:U p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :10. 1:40. 11 no a. ra.: X:«. 1:4*.
5:CC. 1:35 v. m.
Between Saa Franedsco aad 8ehu»t««a PMSi
•ama achedula mm abo»o.
Leavs J In ETTsct. ArrlTt
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300. San rrtadsca^
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Wm«
Days. I days. | Destination.] daym. | Cm
*7:39an 1:00 am Nova to. 19:40 am !:49 am
l:3Q-pm 9:30 am Petalum*. 1:95 pm 10:3 axa
<:ia pm 8:00 pm Santa Ro— ¦ T:|S ptn »:»pn
Ftilton.
T:» tm Windsor. l»:» Mft
Healdsbuir-
Lytton.
Oeysprvllle.
t:30pm i:CPam Clovrdale. T:O ptn tMpm
T:tO ami I Hopland I |10:K aa
1:10 pm| 1:00 am! and Uklah. ) 7:15 pm| t:» pm
7:30 am 10:lS aav
1:00 am GuerT>e»lll«. 7:33 ptn •
X:Vi pra *:3> pm
f :S0 ami »:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am 1:49 am
) and
1:13 pra l 5 :M ptn Glen Ellen. «:05 pm «:*) pta
7:a)«sa| <:C0am| . 110:40 anj|M:» am
8:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebastopot. | 7:S3 pml 6:20 pm
£taet3 connect at 3-inta Rosa for Mark Wnt
Sprlnfrs an.l White Sulpbur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeysenrtlle for Skacss Sprlr.Ks: at Clorerdal*
for the Geysers: at Kopland for Dancaa
fiprlnr*. HlfhUnd Sprlnss. Kelteyrtll*. Carla-
bal Rprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeoort and Bartlett
8prlnr»; at Ukith for Vichy Sprlncs. Sarato*^
Sprlngrs, Bine L "tes. Laurel D«l! Lake. Witter
Sr^nrs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
Jotin Day's. Riverside. L4eTl»-y*s. Backnell'i.
Bar.h-.' \a Heights. HuIItIII-. Orrs Hot
Epiine". Mendoclno City. Fort Rrsjr. 'WeBt-
port I'sal. Wlllits. Lavtonvllls. CustmlRt.
Bell : s Spriars. Harris. Olsen'i, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticktts as
redeced rmtes.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond S.in Rafael at half rate".
Ticket o?f;e«. WO Market •:.. ChronScl* bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General M«nai»r. Oen. Pass. Axant.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAT
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAY3....9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Pare San Frunciaco to Summit and return. It 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPA1S NOW OPEN.
BAIXROAD TRAVEL.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.. '¦-•-';
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM 8AN. FRANCISCO TO MILI# VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •»:*>. »:30. 11:00 a, m.;
12:45. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. •5:15. «:15. 1:40 «p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:0O. »9:00. •lttOO. n^», i 1: j»
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 2:J0. •3:45. B:00, 8:00. T.»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San R&fatl Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:50. 8:49. »10:15 a,
m.; 12:30. 1:13. !:15. •3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
¦ nd Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:2} p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •3:00. *J:5a. •11:00a. m.: »1J-Oa
ra.: l:C0. I:li. *3:30. 4:30. -JMS. «:45. 1:30. ie!»
p. m.'
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:S3. «:«. S:<30. 8:M. 10:23 i.
m.: «:S5. l:4i. ?:45. 8:30. 4:50. «:20 r»- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY9-6:35. 8:<C. 10:C5. 11:19 a. m.; 1J:Ul
1:20 ::J0. J:«5. 4:35. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINSl
7:C0 a. m. week daj-S'-Cazadero and way eta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero aad way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays execpted)—
Point Reyes and way station*.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. : , -
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
¦tltlQPi. -- •
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB&
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 9:43
a. m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:3O a. m.. S
p. in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Tier Xo. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE 50c.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOI,iri,U, APIA
AlCKLAXD A>D SYDNEY.
g. 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)..
Wednesday. July 25. J p. m.
S. P. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia. .Wed., Aug. 8, S p. m.
f. 0. SPRECKELS & BP.0S.CO.,Agts., lUMontgomerj
Pitr 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
1/nCMnP I HIT HATHOR UOOtons
KilMVlUN Mfic OCTAVIA 7ooo tons
IVUOIIIUU ..LI II I. luxor gscoton.
I i -ABTDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican i>rt«. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Abydos, 4G00 tons, sails about August L
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
32" Market St.. San Franclaeo.
CREMATION,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association.
TAN PRANCI ;CU. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANY
ORGANIZATION having a presiding olflcer
per receptacle fr. r the ashes and organ eervlcea
U fiv. The same for members of the family.
GEOROE It. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
C0MFAQNIE GENERALS TRAN'SATLANTIQCZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at >**»'-S2>
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton Bt. LA BRETAGNE. July 19; LA
CHAMPAGNE. July 26; LA TOURINB. August
2: L'AQUITAINE. August 9. First claas to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Franclaco.
Do you Eal?
If you do, take a Santa
Fe train next time you
have a chance and get a
meal on theirdining cars.
You'll admit they are
not only out of sight but
worth chasing-
Chicago train leaves
every morning at nine,
and if you ask the con-
ductor will let you off at
Fresno or Bakersfield.
Office 628 Market Street,
94108 or Ferry Depot.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Klrat and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling; at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of saillnsr.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 19C0
- Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
!TSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOKDOS. PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourff. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul July isf New York ...August 8
St. Louis July 25 St. Faul August 15
RED STAF* LINE.
New Yor'< and Antwerp.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Ftleeland July lSiWesternland .August 1
Southwark July 251 Kensington ..Augusts
E/VIPIRE LINE,
S. S. "OHIO" from S-attle to Nome and St.
Michael May 24. Subsequent sailings from
to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
points, July 31. August 30. For rates and other
Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION' CO..
30 Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCJFI PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Pre2r-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CAOC $12 Mrst Class including Beri^
InffC 58 Second Cla« ana W.eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jrily 12. 22. Aur. 1
COLUMBIA sail* July 7. 17. 27. Aug. 6
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all point* in the Xorthwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Asent.
630 Market at..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
SuperintendentB.
i K.AILB0AD TEAVEL.
istmnsB racivio mwwMMEi
(VAoino iimn,)
Wrmtmm •••»*• •»¦•«• *'• •»«• »• ****** S4
MM rKANflWVO.
,-a»ln Um, Foot of Market 3*rart.)
tiATi — r»ou Mat 13. liOa - aMUT»
•7:OOa Beulcl*. Sirisun. Elmlr*. TaemTSJak
Ramsay and a«erata«nto r 7i4S»
•7:00a Shis'.i Expreti-OaTia. WUiisms (tor
Bartlett Si'rinn). WlUowt, Bad
Bluff. PortUni *1i43r
•?:ao« iUrliuM. 8»n R»imi!j. VsUlsJo, N*p»,
OalUt-'g» mud S»nt» Row # ««l»r
•»:OO* Davis, Woodland. KolgbU Landhif,
M aryst ill*. Urotiil* • 7i 19 1
•SiOOa Atlantia UUpreu- Oplan and Baat MliIJi
•«t:;u4 B«:i Jo»». Llfarmor*. Stock Ion,
lone. Saor&nienta. PUcriTllis,
M»rjiTU>-. Cbico. itadHlaS MilSr
•»!S»a OakiUl*. Chlnea* (for YuaamitaX "*
Bjnnrv Ctrten MiMr
•0:O0» H»y«»r.ii. Nik* aod W»» rtulioni. *1 Ii43»
'DiOUt Loa Angalaa Expran — MwtliMa.
Tracj, L»tBro». citooktoo. Maroad
aud Fietno ••i«»
•9:30* V»H ,j». Martln«x aad Way SUifoni ••i«3r
• lu;OU» The OtctUimI Llmlu>d— Ogdeo. D«a-
»ei. Ooaht. Chicago *»lM»
•H:»«Jl KUea. Li>«rmore, Stockton. Suit-
ment- Mandela. Uaoford. Tiaalla,
forttxvlllff MilSr
•I J:OOsi HxjxtJia, Win tnd Way 8l»»oni. •*' I* r
? l:«il>i« Sacranixiitu Ki»»r dts.mwn a f*lO«A
•SittAp Howards. NUea ana Way S»»Uoaa. *»i«Sf
• t:tn>r Martluax. Han Uainoit. Tallajow
N*l>a. (,*Mli «•.•)«*, SaiiU Koa* *CltBa
•liOOf Bwtclv Wtat«n, 8aer»a>na»o,
Woo'llaud. KuUbU LaBdUg.
M»rri»tll.. Orovilla ¦!•!«•*
MiSOr Nllai. Has Jowtwl a»o«ik*«s »7«l •»
•S;U«rTbo Owl Mnsfted— Ttaejr, Tiaano,
BAk«r»9eld, 8auim (er baotk Bar>
bin. t.*n AoialM. ••!«»»
•5:*0r Fresua rjivonJ-Mutliini. L»ta-
rop. ittuoatoa. Ucree<U Barand*
(Ilmytnona for Toaemlt*). Kroauo. . *l»il»r
•SiBtr r.'«w Jrleam Ejfrni-i:*'«er»rteld,
a«iii» tiarbar*. Loa Anielea, Den*
Inc. Kl Puo. Naw Orlsaua «od
Baat ••««••
•a.»«r«»r.(a Fa Uonta— Atlanlla Xsptaaa
forMojara ami t:»«t •«i«»
••soar Uxjnv&i, MIm »ml ftaa Jo»» *7i4«*
»0:«iir Vallajn MSlllff
•OiO«>r Oriental Uat!— Ocdao. Ch«j«ao«.
Oimaiia, Chlc-Hto •¦!•«•*
••:OI»r Oriental Matt— Ogdan, Dwitot.
Omti». Chicago. '4iU»
t?iOOr V»iljJ:.. Pud Cuita and Way 8la-
Uo.... lt>Ur
•li<llr Ore.un aoJ C«".:rn»nl» K«praa*,Ha«-
i«oieutt>. Mar>atllla. U«<Mlng.
r...t» ; ..;. rt. t .t s.,..,,.i >,,,t \:*'% fh»i
COAST Omstin (N»no«T »«¦«•).
(FooX r,l M.rhrt gtr»ai.>
fTHlSa Santa Cms Kiciirtlon for Baata)
Crax aad Pdn.-.ipil Way StettooO J<rO*f
•l»ISAK«wirk.Ceateriille.Hin.IiW8,Ki-iton.
BoutilerCrw^.SautaUriixaad Way
8Ut!o»a •«*¦•»
t*i!3p S«w»tk, CantMTlt:*. AinJnn. Ne9
Al.-jvtrn, r«lton, l!nul<I«r Vr*mk.
Bauta Vi-jtx *iil 1'rlndpal Way
SbUinna |l#iS«»
•4<ISr Newark. Han .lent. U>* Catoa 'ai»«»
q4i I8p Ply nwood. Fdloo. Maata, Croa ««'tt«'4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaitii rxusisco— fMt «r n»»i .stmuuu d—
•7:15 9:00 11:O«*.H. 11:03 *3:00 13:91
•i:33 19:33 '!.;it.».
riHiOiUisa— »unrar«ii«if.— •».oo »eo iomj.b.
tllOO »I:C3 tg 03 *3:C3 ti:W •UiirM.
COAST IHTISION (l!n>ad Ua« K e).
(lhlr.1 nnd Townnenil Sti)
t*il»U Ocean Vi«-», nontb Hm Krtat:l5co.. »««*?»
OiOO* Man Jom ami Way Hutions (Naw
Alinadm V;«1i,b^Uj« only) *liM»
|7:S0» Svnday Eieiuaino for 4an Joaav
Santa Craz. Padflo Gtot* and
Frlndpal Way Sutioni..... Jl iM?
•ti<1«» fi»u Jom; Ti«a 1'iuua. Hwnta Cma.
P»oiiio OroTe. r»»» Uirtilti. Saa
I.ula Ohlapo. Bmt, I.ompoc and
rrlnelpal War fttatluna ••:!•»
*l«iin« San Jnas aud Way Statlona *"!«-1a
*IJiB»a H».i.Ii..».L«»G»toj»i.JWii.St»tloti* 'OinOF
t*s43p San Mat«o. Kodwood. Mealo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .loaev
Trea Piaoa. Hanta Crna, Balioaa.
liouterey and I'ictUo Gro?« |IO:M4
H:»«P flan Joaa and Way Station* *?:3ftr
tlSpSaaJoaaaiMPHncipal WayStaUont It-M*
iOOp 3*n Joaa. Lot Gatoa and Principal
Way 8tatlom f»:O»»
•3:SOp San. Io«"»*i)d Principal WayS ttllom t«:3iA
•Oil0 r f fta Jom ami Wa» Statlona ?»!«••»
>llt4ap San Jot* and Way Mtattowa *7:S»»
"t A for Moraine P lor A ftonjooo.
•Dally. t Sunday eseepted. t 8nnda» oolf
Saturday only. >
•aVtBldaj and Sunday. aUnaday m4H— jam
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. Steamera I|ave Broadway
S»^ wharf, San Francisco:
p3a»»»^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
I5lt-'^N. - Illl >' 15 - -"• -¦'• '"• Au^"* t 4 -
rV£*^»?^* t'hangp to company's steamera
E9Cc»S%Sa at Seattle.
P'fi, Sv2_T"( 1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fcfci^v^SrS^i C>. Port Towiuend, Seattle,
*"^^5J3^Jj Taoc:na ' Kverett, Anncr.rtes
and Xew AVhatcom <Wash.>—
11 a. m.. July 13. 20. IS, 30,
August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. R"y. ; at Tacoma to S. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Kureka, Humholdt Bay — 2 p. m.. July
12. 17. 22. 27, August 1. and every nftn day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. -Cay-
uccs. Port Harford.fSan Luis Obispo). Gavtota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. July 14. IS. 22. 26. SO. August 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lut9 Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. July 12. 16. 20. 24, 2S, August 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ennenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the rlirht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market at., San Francisco.
ROOMS TO LET I'nrn. and L'nfarn.
OTARUnx, 2V-Sonnjr furnlthe<l mems and
offices; elevator; rlertrlc iierhts; Oay, wk., :no.
POU'EM,. lil-L'ieht. clean rms.; suites or r'.n-
c!*-; transient; running water: rates reduced.
RO?nPALi: fln-j??. r.i:*ar.d S^l H!Iis st. -Rooms,
nipht. 2.V" to p.; week. $1 i5 to il; open night.
HOYAL BOUSE. I2S Kills St.— Incandescent
l*Cht. rea^ine I mini, smoking rrvcm and la*21es"
parlor: rooms. p«»r :iigM SZc to $1 5"; week. $2
ti. IS; month. $>> to ?;•¦>; elevator on offlc» florir;
rooms, with hot and cold water; baths.
SACnAMKVTO. «?? — Neat furr.ii.he<S roornsl
rrivat'' fan-.ily; fl#aiTi uturord,
EHERStAN Apartment House, 2» Eighth M.,
Sfar Market- Purr ish«?d or unfurnished.
BCTTKH, S«»— A large sunny front room and
aicfive; nicely furnished.
1 ;\" \'.. UC— Two furnlshM back roorrt; sunny
y:>i>i: also single.
TIITZ OAKS. II» Third— A rial roomlngr fcou»e
ror pood pecipie. R. Hi:GHES. proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. !<T-Back room fc furnished or
urjfurnirJw-d: runny i>arlor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1996 Va-
lencla et.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
i,AS TALMAS. 1S20 SlarkeT it^-ealti^ofTwp^
r:r.s.; private; bath; Fin, rmy. ; board optional.
KOO'MS AND DOAKD WASTED,
HARRIET. St. brt. «th. 7th. Howard and
PoJaom— 2 seaarate furnished room* with
board in i>rivat« G?rm»n family; rood ilrr-
tr.an cookiny.
SPECIAL
Tj'iTZ CSirl?' directory Orphan Asylum kives
n t!-e thai th» rollOVlai orphan, haJf-o*^han.
:.\ anfioneu chiMren and foundlings have
».,., •¦• , : \:3 i n the orphanac* from Dec»-m-
I- -:¦ ::. ISS9, to June 30, I**): Mary Kllis-
worth. 7 year* 1 month; Annetts. 15 years "
m< Bth«, arid Mary Coales. 6 year?; Elsie, 1<)
jmtni 4 months. Kthfl. 10 year? 4 months, and
Llllie Coleman. 11 yeara 2 monthf>;K!!a. 7jneaW
! months ard Muriel I>unTi. 4 y»»ars C months;
HTtha. T v»erf cni Mabel Sivcrrfn. S year*
I mootfca; lia Perhnm. 9 ycarf i mjnth^; Ma
I'-.cca. j yrars 7 months :liaix*Kt bpraeUlns,
7 j>-arf :; Kicr.ths; Iluth IlurbTt. 3 years 4
rr:onThs: Maria <"Itr>»-. J jmit: M»r>'. T years.
Arsr.ie, 4 years. ar>i Margaret Hardftan, 2 jrear»;
Qjeonl* Der.ny, 7 years fi months; Mar>' Bt
Dmnit. 5 ye«n> 4 mar.thc: Ann^. •'• years 11
W .~rr:s. FranciF. r , yurr 4 months, anil Em-
ma K!p!. 4 years: Irene. T yum, Evalir.e, 9
year?, Kate. 4 jmr. ard Marjraret Hurley, g
yenrK Ttowwfa, 3 years and May Skelipy, 8
jcarf-: %'ary Ryan. « years 1 month; Angela
AndTson. 3 v(ar»: i^arah I'lrich. 9 years 3
. njoaiftf; Iren* Hughea. ¦ ye»re 4 months:
Laura I>ene. 7 ytMTtt .'. monthe: tTmnia Spreck-
!e5, 19 jrtn 4 mor.tliF; Allc* Manheim, 9
y«»ar? 6 months; Francis I>yor.«. 1* year« 2
months; Fioren^e Hughes. ;. years 2 months;
I?arry C^lenjan. 7 years 1" months; John
K*-eley. S years 2 month*; Harr>- Maddox, 5
»oar!> 9 r.iorth''; Jchn Johnson. " years; Ches-
ter Roman, o y«?*rs; George Sivertsen. 4
vr-sj-s 6 month*; «Jeorge Tribcn. 2 years t
nomfce: Krancis Pratl'js. 5 yearo 11 months;
="rai;k Hunt. 3 years : n-.onths; Oiarles HalJt.
'. yesrs t months; William McCollotiB+>, 3
re»r» :- months; Walter O'Karrell, 1 year 3
months: ly^uis MonRe. | yesrs ; Harold. 4
rrara, fvA Kdward <line, 2 years 6 months:
vViHiair. Harripan. » yr-an> 6 months; Thomas
Eurrma, ! yars .'. months: Willie. 3 ytatn «
rr.^r.x'ny. End Edward Lane. 5 years: O'or.TJ
Soncalea, 7 yeara 3 months; John Clrtch, 6
years 1 month; Joseph Basana. 4 yea"-.= : Wil-
lisin Batt, 2 mrr.ihs; Thomas Mcl^auehi'.n. 2 \
7 months; Paul Vaudoor, 4 years 11
mcattss. |
NOTICE.- The pecr^tsry Of the San Francisco '
I'rctestar.t C>rphan Society herewith give? no-
tice that the following orphan and half-or- ]
phan eirls and brys have been received at the ,
pfylum. on Haijrht Bt-. from January l. i:w>.
to July 1. ifO: Alice C. T-'els^n. in yrs>. g !
mos.: Macrie Green, 15 yre.: Margaret S.',
Alexander. 7 yrs. ? mos. ; Amelia Rasmussen. |
T yrs. ; Il'">se Kacmu*sen. 1 yr. 9 mos. ; Mabel '
Oorden. 9 yrs. 21 mos. : H»Ien W. Bosch. S ;
yr«. 3 mos. : Florence J. Bosch. 3 yrs. 5 mos. ; !
Vivien Anderson. 7 yre.; Edna Anderson, i '
yrs. 10 ni's.; Rcsie Smith. 8 yrs.; Lilian I
Hher.k, 11 yr?.: Clara Shenk. S yrs.: Esflla
Fhfnk. B yr». : Annie Shenk, 1 yr. in moe. ; :
Apnee Kelly, 7 jtb. € mos. ; Florence Kelly. 3
yrs. Georce A. Held. 10 yr*. : Duncan Me- '
Lr-an, 7 yrs.: Clarence D. Alexander, 9 yrs. 9
mos.; Robert Alexanfler. 2 yrs. € mos. ; Carl •
Giecke, S yrs. 6 moe.: Joseph Geary. 5 yrs. 10
nr*.: Carl Uorae. 7 yrs-.: William McK. Gor- ;
rf»n. 4 yrs. : Georpe K. Bosch. 10 yrs. J mos. :
Frank Bosch, fi yrs. « moe. : Charles Bosch, 2 i
yrs. 2 mrs.; Kdward Anderson. 9 >T*. !• mos.: ;
Percy Pniith, ? yrs. 1 mo.; Walter Smith, S
rra.; Jot-f-ph Fmilh. & yrs. 31 mos:: Laurence '
I>avi«. fi yrs. S not.: Chester Pavls, 4 yrs. S :
m^rf.: Philip Kellj". € yrs. 5 mos.. and John
Primus. 11 yrs. 7 tnoF.
!COTICE is hereby civen that the Maria Kip i
Orphanage of '¦'-" Lake St.. San Francisco, has
ro--«-ive.'l the followiiyr orphans, half-orphans
end abandorei g\r\* from March SI to June i
'¦'. DOS: Marriena E. McKewen, 4 years fi !
menths: Sarah C McCarthy. 1J years S ;
mostba; Mary E. McCarthy. 10 yearn 6 j
Bjontbs; lather H. Pny«1er?. 1 year 4 :
months: Knmia E. Fis-her. 11 years 6 months;
Bertha C, Ficher. 7 year? 2 months.
BOOMS papered from V.: whitened, fl up;
pairit'r.c door. Hartman Paint Cx. 319 Thlrtl.
BAD t*aaat« ej^te-l for J4: collectirns r.iade; ;
city er pountry. Pacific COLLECTION '
¦ <"¦ . -' >: ¦¦:.'c ¦:-.]«¦ r?- M.. r"r,zr.s 9-1 r <: tel. 5TS0. :
«:\V1XG MACHINES AND StPPLIBS. j
ALL kind* bought, sold an<1 repairing «/viara.n- i
¦ • ' ~ '•.... ;<. bis MiRsi&r.. nr. r.th. j
ALL -. . • . • !. exchar.ged, rented; j
n :'¦•*:; ' ¦ ¦% r«f-s. ;c^ Fourth tt.
a » •. ;:i.i;s ia UKTl
¦ . - suitable for express or milk '
¦•'•'•' ' '" 'r»~: --h»ap. ;rno Mission. '
STOU'vt.i; \M» WAIlEHoTsiiS.
>s .. Ft"ra?» an>! moriTiir: covered !
' ' ' "' krt; jihojie South 762. !
PA< I !:„;-• i: • • Fum'.tnre Moving Com-]
- ¦-' ' • '• ' ; pboms Jack'on 2*1. !
:> | ¦',¦•'"- ' ' "' "¦¦•"• '¦"¦• : — Mission stT :
' ¦ ' : '¦ : ' ' !'."•'•¦:¦,". moving cr.d. utorage.
'I \ I'KVv ill.'I.'ts AM) St I'I'LIKS. ~
<;i:n.'.T RABGAIX«3 :n TTPEWIUTEBS~We
«^!l bftter tn3'h;n»« for |et-« moaey tr.an a-.v
houM in •;• ¦,;;.: roniaic. ZZ. Tht Typewriter I
I.x-Iiinr:- .?.•.. < ¦¦.,•¦:¦< ...nia. te:-nhrn« Main 26<i. j
OAKIMD lYERTJiiil
y rF.Cfci— 1118 BROADWAY.
J»*litAM) HKVL INSTATE.
I'-.X-A!. VALUE *32 TKR MONTH.
r -Tr.i r.^w r.-r'.ome<l flats with all m^d-
crn imvroyoaentM: lot SCxn:, feet, with street
v rk j!I done; lower flat rents for |li: upner
••-:;..¦; by enrner; will bring TIT: these are i
low fiinires and eure; a big harjrain for In-
I'esune&t. •
GEO. W. AC8TIN & CO
_ _l«S_Uro«dwa>-, Oakland.
TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
t -¦<¦'! buyc a beautiful S-roome4 nearly new !
¦'_¦¦¦>:. :al ttjie home In Fruitvale, with lot ibx
It4 feet r,n hiph ground; cicse to Fruitvale i
avc; ham ar.d let of fruit tj-ees; mortgaBe of i
fi(*<0 is pressing; such chancca are »carce and !
eenerally ee'l qui'-k.
Gi;O. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. # Oakland.
THREH BI-OCKS FP.OM BROADWAY.
T2'JW~ Cottape of € rooms, bath, hall, base- •
rr.rr.t and bay-window on t>unny side and In a I
rholci location; one block to public plaza; j
above Kevtnth street.
GEO. \V. ALSTIN* & CO.. |
W<6 Broadway. Oakland. ;
11300. Half ca«h: S nrrea nljolnin* Riehnjnr.d
Heights; bit rr.inutrs to San Francisco; 1-0 min-
utes to Oakisr.d: two railroad station*. Santa
1> and Bjtnhem Pr.ciflc; worth double the price
r c,r iiaticulars li.qulre,
LATMAKOE.
Room 10. C3-" Market r'... San Kranclaco.
OAKLAND FIRXITIIIK POIl SAMS.
AN Introduction to you from If. Fchellhaaji the
'jr;-.itt:rr- -1en!e r . u-h .^ A Franklin. Oakland.
1)1 VTlJEXD XOTICn-nTvidcnd'Nn Jl .twen-
ty-five cents r*r fliore) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will b« p«table at the
ofS<e of the company. J27 llarki-t Ft on and
•alter Monday. July ]G. 3900 rnr.s'er b-»ks
(irn-.«d Tuesday. July ly. ijioi. at 3 o'clock
p. ra. ' I'. H. iSHELKOX. Secretary.
DIVIDKND Xotlse-nivldrnd ICoTTwtw^tT^
rive ceiits \X'T share) of th<» Hutchinson Suear
Plantation Ooinmmy will b* payable at the
ofn«-«« of the company. ZT. Market nt., on an.l
after l'rlday. July BXh, WOO. Tranrrer books
wi!l close en Saturday. July nth, iw*» at li
o'clock m. K. H. BHELDOX; Secretary.
J_ilVIl)E.VL" NOTICE— The Nevada National
. Bank cf San Fr»n~i*co. At a regular meet-
| !nc cf the Fcatd cf Director! cf this bank
f i eld Jiriy 3. 1S00. a dividend was declared for
L ih* half year <-n<Ilne June 20. l'.»00. et the rate
of cevpn (7» per cent per annum, payable on
and after the ICth ln*t. Transfer books will
be clcfed from the JOth to the 16th lnst.. both
Ceyn Incluflve. GEORGE GRANT.
July i. 1900. £ecrctary.
DIED.
Logan, Milburn 11
Farrcll. Jchn J. Lowe. James M.
Graf. Xavier O'Brien. Cecelia . L
Grt/tin. Catherine Peoples. James VV .
Hale. William K. Riley. Edward H. C
Hirffchbenr \V. Transue. Jennie
JourteaT Louisiana Van Ukye, Caroline
FAKKKLL— In this city. July 12. 1900, John Jo-
seuh. beloved sen of William IX and the late
Mary Farrell, and brother of Anthony and
Thomas Ferrcll and Mrs. J. W. Lucy, a na-
tive of Sacramento. Cal.. aged £i yeara 4
month.* and 13 days.
GHAF-In this city, July 12. 1900, Xavier Graf,
beloved husband of Marsarethe Graf, and
father of Joe. Jchn and Katie Graf and Mrs.
Una Haas, a native of Bavaria, Germany.
aced 44 years.
GRIFFIN— Io this city. July 11. 1900, Catherine,
v.ifo of Thomas Grlfnn, and cunt of Mrs.
Thome« Ernest Fornham and Mary and Katie
Callachnn. a native of Queens County. Ire-
land. 6*ed £1 years.
C7"Nut!ce of fune-ral hereafter.
HALK-ln Oakland. July 11. WOO William El-
mtr Hale, a native of Hollle, >.. II.. a«ed 67
vesrs and 11 mc.r.th?.
' CTFru-nds an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. Harrison street, opposite
K.mrtevnth. Oakland, under the auspices of
Oakland Lodge No. 188. I\ and A. M. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
klRSCHBEBO— In this city, July 11, 1900. W.
tlirscbbers, a native of Germany, aged 67
' tr-jr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at : o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of th* <JoMen <5at« Tndertaklngr Com-
pany, ;<r? Ulaaioa Ftreet. near Twenty-flirt.
Inirnnent C>pTCM Lawn Cemetery.
JOL'HL*EN-In this city, July 11. 1900. Louisi-
ana (Lucy) O'Connor Jourden. beloved wife
of J 1" j'ourden. and mother of William, Jo-
fc^rhin", Lucy and Alma. Jourden, a native
of .New Orleans. a?ed 4S y»rs.
Cmriesiils and acquaintances are reBpect-
tolly invitosl to ott«-nJ the funeral this day
<F>i\lav» at i< o'clock, from her late re*i-
d-nc? ' 1525 Howard street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
ftretts where a sclemn requiem mnes will be
celebrated for the repose of her foul, com-
men.'ine at 9.30 o'clock.
Lo ( ; A x_j n this city, July II. lftOO. Milburn
Homer, eldest i«on or Dr. M. H. and Leta
L<.gan a native of £a.n Francisco, asred 1*
years Jo months and 12 days. (St. Helena
papers iilease copy.)
(CFuneral i<r!\at» to-morrow (Saturday).
at ': o'clock, from the family residence, cor-
ner Oak ard PtMner streets. ; Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LO\VK-In this city. July 7?. W. .Tamos Mar-
tin beloved husband of (Tatlierir.e Ix>we, son
of Catherine and the late Bernard l-nwc, and
brother of Mary. Jetmle. Katie nnd Annie
Lowe, a native ut Vallejo. Cal.. aKCii :7 yeara
and 21 days.
OBR1EN-In Menlo Park. July 12, IM>. Cecelia
I . beloved wife of Joseph M. O'Brien, nnd
daughter of Mrs. SI. A. Waleh. a native of
fan Krancifco.
C3T Notice of funeral hereafter.
PKOPLKS-ln Sor.ora. Cal., July li>. ISOfl. James
\V.. beloved husbund of Amy Peonies, be-
\o\f<i ion of J. M. and L. E. I'eoples, and
brother of Mrs. R. L. Dlckson and \V. L.
People*, a native of California, apea 30 yeara
and 11 months.
Z^FT\*n&s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Frtday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
hi? parents, £32 Dolores street, thence by
electric funeral car, corner of Klglitofnth
and Guerrero streets at 12 o'clock. Interment
Cyi ress Lawn Cemetery.
RILKY— In this city, July 11. 1W0. Edward H.
C. beloved husband of Elizabeth Riley, and
father of Thomas E. Rlley. a native of Nas-
sau. N. P., aged 43 years and 5 months. A
member of Golden Gate Council No. 11. Order
of Kendo.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
d«n<;», SS Perr>' 'ptrect. thence to Ht. Rose's
'"hurrh. where a requiem high nias=s will be
ceiebratf-fJ for the repose of his soul, oom-
mfrclnit at 9 o'clock. Inte-rment Holy Cro6fc
RAKSUE— In Alameda. July 11, 1900, Jennl*
iWrly be|r)\^.5 wife <»f L. H. Transue, mother
of Harold and P«rey Tran6ue. s!.«ter of Mrs.
r>. I. Bradley of Fanta Cruz. James. Sldnoy.
Wi'.llam an.? Cliarlep Hall of Pan Francisco.
SamuH end Thi;mas> Hall of VI.«aIia. and
daughter cf Mrs*. Charlotte Hall, a member of
Alamrda Parlor !Co. IS. N. L). G. W*.. a na-
tivo of Shasta »\>unty. Cal.. aged 49 years a
month* :\T\<\ 11 days. ,
frJTr>ri<j?: ar.'l acqtiaintancea are respect-
fully invitp<1 to attend tho fun?ra! this rtay
• Friday*, p.t 11 o'clock, from her late resl-
der.c. 35 Pacific avenue, Alameda. Services
will b» hfUi urri-r the auspices of Alameda
Tarlor No. IS. N. D. G. \V. Interment Odd
Fellow?' Temptery. San Francisco.
VAX DYKE-ln Berkley. July 11. VKO, Caro-
line Van l'jke, aged K3 years.
(C^Intermfnt private.
BIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, maj-riaee and death notices pent by
mall Will r.nt t'p in?ert*Kl. They muft b«> lian<lc<l
in nt p'th^r of th« publication offlcea unu be
inaorr*d wttJi tho nair.e and residw of per-
sons auth rlz.vJ to have the sam* published.
BORN.
MORAN— In this City, to the wife of T. F.
Moran, a son. __^^^_^^^__^__
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The tollowlas marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Bruce A. Strong. 25, Woodland. Cal.. and
SJalllda Richie. 23. Woodland. Cal.
Giovanni Krniianl. 24. Hrnioma. and Adelaide
Trezsira, 17. ft-ncma.
Bemhard H. Uaasi. SO. lWi Harrifnn street,
and JuMe J. M. Wnsonkneoht. ~ n . "O 6 Sanchez.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
IJ*\cfW/O*V Ok CO.. I
FUXERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
129 Market ?t.. between Kth ar.d 9th. B
Telephone South ;«7. |
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Succe««or5 t>-> FJanr.asar. & GallagherV
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
iO Fifth t=t.. opj.ntit? Lincoln School.
Tel(>r'hone South 80. -»Richer Than "Nome."
E. Fender, a former resident of this city, has
opened a cafe and saloon at 1134 and 115G Mar
ket street. The place has been luxuriously fur
nished and will cater to the first-class trade. •
Customs . inspectors seized yesterday
forty-six tlna of opium on the steamer
City of Puebla, which arrived, -last
Wednesday from Victoria, The opium Is
valued at $416.
Smuggled Opium Seized.
A Voice for Pure Water.
Among other matters appertaining to
municipal Improvements the Market
street and Eureka Valley Improvement
Club adopted the following resolution:
"That we consider the people of this city
are entitled to the purest and freshest
water obtainable, and therefore we are op
nosed to the purchase of any system
wliich depends on storage reservoirs for
its maintenance."
The Board of Education in making pro
vision for only one vice principal in the
grammar schools Is certain to Involve
itself in a peck of trouble when it pro
ceeds to put the rule into effect. The trou
ble will In all probability assume the phasa
of a lawsuit on the part of six vice prin
cipals who will find themselves without
their positions ln schools where there are
at present two euch oflicia'.s.
The schools and vice principals which
will be affected by the ruling of the board
include the Adams Cosmopolitan, Miss K.
F. McColgan and L,. F. Shuck, vice prin
cipals of equal rank; Clement Grammar:
Aliss N McFarland. senior vice principal,
and' Miss Frances Lewis. Junior vice prin
cipal; Hamilton Grammar, Miss Ella J.
Morton, senior vice principal, and Miss
Ida R. Strauss, junior vice principal:
Hearst Grammar, Miss ¦ A. .J.- Clark and
Miss N. O'Loughlen, vice principals of
equal rank; John Swett Grammar, Mrs.
C B. BlRelow and Selden Sturgess, vice
principals of equal rank; Pacific Heights
Grammar. Miss Augustine G. Robertson,
senior vice principal, and Miss J. A.
Michelson. junior vice principal.
Chairman Mark said yesterday that the
vice principals would be dropped on the
recommendation of the principals ot the
schools. In this manner it may happen
that the senlof vice principal will be de
posed In favor of the junior vice principal.
In any event the ousted vice principal will
have just cause for a suit at law. accord
ing to a decision of the Supreme Court
that a teacher cannot be degraded in rank
except for certain specific reasons. Even
should seniority of service be adhered to,
the vice principals who are dropped must
be carried on the roll at the salary re
ceived while holding the position.
Chairman Mark further stated that
places would be found for the deposed
vice principals, even should they be as
sirned as class teachers. This is also in
clear violation of the Supreme Court de
cision. It is highly probable that if places
of equal rank sre to be provided the vice
principals of the other fourteen grammar
' schools in this city may be in danger if
the readjustment is carried out on the se
niority of service plan. The specific point
on which ousted vice principals will fight
the ca?p In the courts is that a teacher
may not be deposed to be supplanted by
another. It Is understood that a teacher
who was recently removed in the consoli
dation of classes Is preparing papers to
test the right of the board to dismiss her
summarily. Inquiry failed to elicit the
name of the teacher who is about to bring
pult but it is certain that the board will
have a case on its hands similar to the so
called Kate Kennedy ca.se, in which a
teache- won against a former board for
being dismissed in the same manner as the
present board is effecting dismissals.
Six Vice Principals to Be
Deposed Illegally From
Their Places.
«
Recent Ruling That Grammar Schools
May Have but One Assistant
Principal May Result in
Lawsuits.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR THE BOARD
OF EDUCATION
HIS TEARS DID
NOT SAVE HIM
FROM DISGRACE
Trusted Employe of Cahill,
Hall & Co. Goes
Wrong.
H. C Pollock,' a Young Man, Ar
rested for Systematically Rob
bing His Employer of Val
uable Property.
" Detectives Ryan and O'Dea saw him
enter the Junk shop and noticing the sus
picious bundle under his arm concluded
to make an investigation. Approaching
Pollock they asked him how he came into
possession of the brass.
"I stole it," he candidly remarked, and
with tears streaming down his • face he
begged the detectives not to arrest, him.
"Think of my poor wife," he exclaimed.
"For her sake and that of my dear old
mother don't take me to jail."
Although touched by the pitiful appeal
the detectives, seeing no alternative,
made Pollock accompany them to the
shop of his employers. When taken be
fore them he broke down and made a
complete confession. He • admitted that
his pilferings had been going on for over
six months and that the amount realized
on the stolen property was over several
hundred dollars.
"I didn't mean to be dishonest," tear
fully remarked Pollock. "I was financially
embarrassed and seeing no other chance
of getting even 1 took the metals, Intend
ing to replace them as soon as J was
Before finishing his statement Pollock.
who is a young man, fainted, and It was
some time before he was able to con
tinue.
After listening to his confession his em
ployers ordered him locked up and he was
at ohce taken to the City Prison, where
his name was registered on the small
books pending further investigation. J
The detectives have recovered a ' large
portion of the stolen porpcrty.
H. C. Pollock, a trusted employe of ka
hili. Hall & Co. of 214 Mission street, was
arrested yesterday by detectives Ryan
and O'Dea and locked up in the tanks.
To-day at least a half dozen charges of
petty larceny will be recorded against
him.
For the past several months Pollock
has been systematically robbing his em
ployers of brass and other metals which
he sold to various Junk dealers south of
Market street. Yesterday afternoon he
appeared at a junk store on Folsom
street and offered for sale a quantity of
brass which he had stclen from the shop
where he was employed.
BOSS SCHEME IN
FOURTH DISTRICT
JOHN W. FRIEDRICH
SUFFOCATED BY GAS
Purpose of the Separate Conven
tion Fully Understood by
Alert Republicans.
THE petition of the Republican party
of San Francisco for a place on the
offlcial ballot of the primary election
Sr rflli ln accordance WIth
A^ M. Republicans in the various
Assembly districts within the boundaries
of the Fourth Congressional District are
discussing plans to defeat the scheme of
Kelly and Crimmins to get control of the
new governing body of the party in the
district. One plan proposed Is to noml-
nate the delegates to the Congressional
convention before any other tickets are
prepared, so that every voter will have
amp P le time to identify the anti-bo.,* ticket
in each Assembly district. The decent
Republicans have the strength and incli-
natlon to down the Mint saloon gang, but j
in the juggling of pasters on election day
they may be deceived. No doubt Kelly I
B'rith Hall last evening: was a ¦»»«•
much satisfaction to those, P««ent-
Klnley and more Prosperity WMfflttu-
IS 2&S 1S&13SSSS3
-^ration A^r^JBouvier^mad,
puun^tne. cans ™ einbera lo see that every
votcr lg reglstemi \n time. Congressman
j uiius Kahn entered the hall and received
a rousing reception. He was compelled
to, leave ear* M?
X$ ey and RooseVelt on their next meet
t nfght. C. E. Fredericks. Captain Kin
ca^ d j^a Judee Dibble made short
speeches and th/; lr ms^ n"me»ts of we J np he"^
Compan^A of the drM
f?™L*£ %. composed of young men who
p^t their first vote at the coming elec
tlon. The meeting broke up by the mem
bers the "ame8 of McWnl fXJ? A
Roosevelt with three cheers and a tiger.
EDELMAN WROTH
AT THE MAYOR
/CHARLES BDELMAN, the member of the Democratic delegation to
(( Kansas City, who was grossly insulted by Mayor Phelan during a
V-^ caucus of the California delegation at the Coates HouseJuly 3, ar
rived home yesterday in company with Judge Magulre. They stopped
over at Lincoln, Nebr.. on the way and had an hour's interview wltn Wil
liam J. Bryan. . ,
"The report sent by Mr. Carlton to The Call concerning the Incident ta
which Mr. Phelan insulted my race was absolutely correct." said Mr. Eflel
man last night, "with the exception that instead of witnessing the oCen
slve gesture of Mr. Phelan in a mirror I was facing him when he made it.
My back was turned when he commenced to make the gesture and facial
grimaces for the amusement of a correspondent from this city. I was ad
dressing the chair and he had attempted to interrupt me, but I nad lnsustea
on continuing, which was parliamentary. AVhile his hands were still ralsea
and his face distorted by a grimace, I turned, by chance, and looked the
Mayor srjuarely in me face. He certainly looked abashed. There was no
mistaking the meaning of the gesture. I took it to be in ridicule of my race,
and naturally resented it.
" 'I demand respect, I command respect and I will enforce respect,' were
the words I used. , .» **. ?
"The thing was not done in the dark. There were eight witnesses to It tnat
I can name and who will vouch for it. They are: Ex-Senator Del \ alle of
Los Angeles. Mr. Farraher of Sisklyou. M. F. Tarpey. Frank Freeman.
Mr. Justro, Al McCabe and Al Murphy. I had agreed not to say anything
about this thing, but when I arrived here and found that Mr. Denman. wno
was present at the meeting only through the courtesy of the delegates, nad
made a statement denying the facts I felt that I had to set myself right. Mr.
Denman was sitting in such a position in the room that he could not possibly
have seen what occurred. His statement is absolutely false.
"Mayor Phelan has never attempted to deny thr- story- He has tried to
explain it by saying that his gesture was one of disgust, and that he meant
no insult, but I can vouch for the fact that none of the real witnesses took it
in that way. Mr. Justro sat next to Phelan and within two feet of him. Per
haps Phelan did not know that Justro is of my race, but he is, nevertheless,
and he was so angry over it that it was with difficulty that he was restrained
from making a personal assault on Phelan after the meeting was over. Mr.
Justro was the only other Jewish member of the delegation, all reports to tn»
contrary notwithstanding.
"Phelan afterward accused me of treating him in a ruffianly manner.
The Call's correspondent asked Senator White, in my presence, whether I
had done so. Senator White replied that if I had he would have called me
to order. He remarked at that time that 1 had not mentioned any name
in my remarks.
"There seems to be no doubt of Phelan' s dislike for the Jewish people,
for he has displayed It on several occasions, despite the fact that 96 per cent
of them cast their votes for him at the time of his last election. He seems to
have some personal grudge against me. although I do not know what it la.
He tried to have me removed as chairman of the committee on transporta
tion, to which I had been appointed by Senator White.
"Phelan's exclusiveness during the whole trip estranged him somewhat
from the other members of the delegation. He did not turn out with the
Iroquois Club when we left, although he Is a member of that organization.
On the trip there were several incidents that caused the breach to widen
One day Mr. Justro remarked: 'This is the last time the so-called reformers
will ever carry the city of San Francisco. The people will turn them down
next time.'
" "The opposition is merely from a lot of whipper-snappers who could not
get places under me," was Phelan's sneering reply. I remarked that It was
In very bad taste for him to say so.
"Now I want no apology, nor will I accept any apology of any kind from
"Mr Phelan I will not ever again recognize him in any way nor will
I permit him to speak to me on any subject. I would like to think that the
insult he offered was for me personally, but I am convinced that he intended
to insult my race. You can mark July 3 as the date of his political death.
and Crlmmlns will put an anti-boss label
on the Mint saloon ticket In order to
diminish the danger of deception the Re
publican taxpayers In each district should
prepare In advance a list of the anti-boss
delegates to be voted for.
Republicans must keep In mind the pe
culiarities of the contest. In the Flttn
District the delegates elected to the State
convention at feanta Cruz will resolve
themselves into a convention to nornmato
a candidate for Congress in that district.
This convention will also select the gov
erning body of the party in the district
f °Different lt c5ndlUon3 will prevail In the
Fourth District. Delegates elected to the
State Convention may not have the lawful
authority to nominate the candidate for
Congress, because Martin Kelly and Phil
Crimmins, who now control the govern
ing body of the party In the district, have,
through the agency of the Congressional
District Committee, petitioned for a sep
arate convention and they expect to elect
their creatures as delegates to It. The
main purpose of the side convention is to
perpetuate boss rule in the Fourth Dls-
of the utmost importance to the
Republican party and to the cause of
clean government in this city and State
that every voter should Participate in the
primary election on August 14 The bat
tle for honest government— the nglit to
wrest the party reins from odious bosses
—must then be waged.
Democratic Clubs.
Democratic enrollment under the aus
nices of the county committee of that
Sarty began in this city last night The
committee provided each Assembly Dis
triTt Club with a set of officers before the
invitation to join the club was Issued.
There was not a large enrollment In the
official clubs last night. An impression
exists that the county committee repre
sents bubonic Phelanism. hence the Dem
ocrats are not tumbling over one another
to enroll. Several clubs are going ahead
with enrollment and organization without
reeard to the county committee.
In the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
last night a Bryan and Stevenson Demo
cratic Campaign Club was organized. The
following named officers were chosen.
Resident. James F. Ford; flrst vice president.
In ,L h Magner; second vice president, C. H.
KMhnke- third vice president. Aba Jacobs;
warding and corresponding aecretary. Jesse
A Galland: financial secretary, Albert T.
R^che? treasurer. I>r. G. W. Leek; 8 ergeant-at
arms. John Shlnlc-win.
Speeches were made by Robert Ferral,
Frank Malloye. Major Powell, Clitus Bar-
SSKSf Ves^t^an-r llS? n^J "bt
land secretary. Ninety-six signatures to
the roll were obtained.
In the Twenty-ninth District the Demo
crats effected organization by the election
of J J Sweeney president and James J.
Lynch secretary. The roll bore 161 signa-
U There was a Democratic rally in the
Thirty-eighth District last night. A club
was formed and officers were elected.
Judge Duffy was chosen president and
Philip Donnelly secretary. .„.,..
The Democrats of the Fortieth District
held a meeting at Franklin Hall last night
and got 125 signatures on their rolls.
"Waiter Arose From Bed to Make His
Escape but Fell Un
conscious.
John "William Friedrich. a waiter 17
years old, was found dead yesterday
morning on the floor of his room at 423
Montgomery avenue. He had arisen from
his bed in his night clothes. The gas key
was turned partly on and the room was
full of the deadly vapor.
Young Friedrich worked In his father's
restaurant on Montgomery avenue, be
tween Vallejo and Stockton streets. At
the inquest held by Coroner Cole yester
day afternoon the evidence Justified the
verdict of accident that was rendered.
SAY THEY WILL
NOT BUY THEIR
OWN STATIONERY
Fire and Health Boards Up
in. Arms Against Action
of Supervisors.
Acting Auditor Wells Says Resolu
tion Is Illegal According to
Charter and Appropriation
Insufficient.
It becomes apparent, therefore, that all
stationery must go through the hands of
the clerk, and that contracts in excess of
$24,400 shall not be entered into. The rea
son why the Health and Fire boards have
been selected to relieve the strain on the
insufficient appropriation is because the
sums of $158,400 and $12,4-10, respectively,
have been apportioned to the two depart
ments for expenses and extra employes.
The Fire Commissioners and members of
the Health Board will go before the Su
pervisors next Monday and object to pay
ing any money out of funds which they
claim they have other uses for. They
contend that they, are entitled to a por
tion of the stationery fund and if the
fund is too small that all the depart
ments of the city government should be
made to pay for stationery needed after
the fund has become exhausted, which Is
likely to occur in about nine months.
The clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody of such
stationery, and when purchased the same shall
be delivered to him, and he shall Issue and dis
tribute the same to the various departments as
required.
Under the head of "contracts," the
charter provides that the clerk of the Su
pervisors shall annually, under the direc
tion of the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various depart
ment officers and offices of the city and
county with all stationery and supplies
In the> nature of stationery, assessment
books, minute books, blankbooks and the
printing of blanks. It says:
Acting Auditor "William Wells, In the
absence of his father, the Auditor, who
is on his vacation, says that the board
has no right to single out any depart
ment and force it to pay for its* own sta
tionery. He says there has been an ap
propriation of $24,400 for stationery for all
departments, and all are entitled to their
pro rata of the fund, it the appropria
tion is insufficient, and Wells thinks It is,
any excess expenditures for stationery
and printing supplies -will be illegal.
Resolved, That all demands for stationery,
books and printed blanks furnished the Board
of Fire Commissioners and the Board of Health
be presented to said departments for approval
and the same shall be charged to and paid out
of the appropriation set aside in the budget for
said departments.
The Board of Health and the Fire Com
missioners are up In arms against the
resolution recently passed by the Board
of Supervisors requiring them to pay for
their stationery and printing for this fis
cal year out of the funds appropriated
for their separate departments. The of
ficials in the Auditor's office will come to
their aid by raising the point that in the
passage of the resolution the Board of
Supervisors has clearly violated a specific
provision of the charter. The resolution
on the subject reads:
Alex Grcggains, manager of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, sent a check for
$216 to Chief Sullivan yesterday, being the
proceeds of the exhibition given by the
club Tuesday nipht for the Sweeney fund.
Thanks were tendered for generous dona
tions to the San Francisco Musicians'
Union. Monohan & Co. for printing, Jo
senh H. Scott, Julius Kahn, William A.
Dc'ane, John Conroy of engine G, Pete Gal
lapher of truck 8, Bil Homan, Dennis
Denehy, Ed C. Harrington. William
Clcary and Charles Kane of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club for medals. A check
was alFO received yesterday for $52 75 from
the employes of the Occidental Hotel.
The. Sweeney Fund.
At noon yesterday the new steamship
"Vaderland" for the Red Star Line ¦was
launched at Clydebank, Glasgow. This
vessel Is one of the largest afloat, the di
mensions being 560 feet long, 60 feet wide
and 42 feet deep. Its measurement Is about
12,000 tons, and when loaded will have a
displacement of about 20,000 tons. It Is
fitted with twin screws and bilge keels;
will accommodate 300 ilrst cabin. 250
second cabin and 750 steerage passen
gers. A twin vessel, the "Zeeland," Is In
course of construction.
Both vessels are Ilrst class In every re
spect.
Another Big Transatlantic Liner
Launched. .
A judgment by" stipulation was entered
yesterday in the Superior Court In favor
of John Allen Pnrtington and against the
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany for the sum of $1300 in compensa
tion for Injuries sustained by Partington
through the carelessness of the defend
ant. Partington, who is only 13 years of
agre. suffered serious burns through com
ing in contact with a life wire of the de
fendant corporation's system at East
Eleventh street and tnird avenue, Oak
land. Suit v.-as filed on his behalf by his
guardian, but It was settled yesterday for
the sum named.
Partington Awarded Damages.
Jennie C. McCauley' s Estate.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Jennie C. McCauley was
filed yesterday. The appraisers find the
estate to be valued at JS3.700, the real
estate being worth $91,835.
LEO MAURER is the proprietor of a
boarding house at 120G Market
street, and about a week ago he en
gaged George Okausi, a Japanese,
as a waiter. It was not long before he
was sorry that he had taken the Japanese
into his service, as there was a falling off
in the number of dishes and glasses.
Okausi was blamed for it. and Maurer de
termined to keep a watch upon him. He
was thunderstruck when he saw Okaust
juggling with two or three plates. He
would pitch them into the air one after
th« other, catching them as they fell.
Sometimes he would miss his catch and
the plate was smashed to pieces on the
floor. He remonstrated with Okausi, who
told him that he had been a famous jug
gler and he. need not be alarmed because
a plate was broken. Maurer threatened
to discharge him and he promised to be
good.
Okausi did not keep his promise, and the
cook continued to complain to the "boss"
about broken dishes. Wednesday Maurer
could stand it no longer. He saw Okausi
juggling with a piece of ice and the ice
pitcher. Every moment he expected to
see the valuable pitcher broken to -pieces
on the floor. H» was afraid to interrupt
Okausi, but when the performance was
over he called him into his office and
promptly discharged him. He retained
J2 50 from his week's wages for the broken
crockery and glassware. OkausI de
murred and grabbed hold of Maurer,
threatening to juggle him in the air. He
lifted him from his feet and dashed him
against the wall.
Maurer sent for a policeman and Ser
geant Wolfe called and placed Okausi un
der arrest on a charge of battery. When
searched at the City Prison a lottery
ticket was found in the pocket of the Jap,
and an additional charge was placed
against him on this account. The cases
were called In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday, and after hearing the evidence the
Judge reserved his decision till to-day.
Okausi will be convicted on the charge of
battery, but the charge of having lottery
tickets in his possession will be dismissed.
MR. OKAUSI HAD NO RESPECT FOR LANDLORD MAURIER OR HIS DISHES.
c«mp!a!n<, which was made before Police
Judpe A. J. Fritz:
In the Police Court of the c'.ty and county of
gan Francisco. State of California.
The People of the Mate of California, plain
tiff, vs. John M. Chretien, defendant.
Department No. ¦ .
State of California, city and county of San
rVancif=co. ss.
Personally app^a!"? before me this ltth day
of July. A. D. 1900. Thoman B. Gibson, who, on
oath, makes complaint and deposes and says,
that on or about the 5th day of May. A. D.
lSw. in the city and county of San Francisco,
Ftate of California, the crime of felony, to wit,
forgery, was committed, to wit, by John M.
Chretien (whose real name is unknown to this
complainant), who th»n and there did willfully,
unlawfully, feloniously and fraudulently make
ar.d force a cortain deed and instrument In
writing in the words and flg-ures following, to
wit: "Thif- indenture, made this 5th day of
May, A. D. 1K«. between John Sullivan, sole
furviving and brother of Joseph Sullivan, de
ceased, unmarried, of the county of Sacra
mento. State of CaJirornla. the party of the
Ont part, and J. J. Iiauer of the city and
cc-unty of Baa Francisco, State of California,
the party cf the second part, witneeseth: That
the said party of the first part, for and in
conFideratkn of the sum of ten (1C) dollars,
lawful money of the United States of Ame. a,
to him in hand paid by the said party of the
second part. th» receipt whereof is hereby
trkr>ow!^d£"d. has granted, bargained and sold,
conveyed and confirmed, and by these presents
<Sn<-s grant, bargain and sell, convey and con
firm unto the said party of the second part and
to hii= hf-irs and a^sipns forever, all that certain
lot. piece or parcel of Jand situate, lying and
bp'.np In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and particu
larly described as follows, to wit:
•¦Commencing at a point on the easterly line
of Thirty-fourth avenue distant thereon one
hundred ar.d pevtnty-five <17j) feet northerly
from the northerly line of V street; running
thence northerly along said easterly line of
Thiny-fourth avenue fifty <50) feet; thence at
right angles eutoljr one hundred and twenty
<120» f»et; thence at right angles southerly fifty
<r<0) feet, and thence at right angles westerly
one hundred aji<3 twenty <12 f » feet to the point
of commencement. Being a portion of Outside
land Block No. 120C. Together with all and
einjrular the tenements, hereditaments and ap
imnfnanfCf thereunto belonging, or in any
¦wine appertaining, and the reversion and re
versions, remainder and remainders, rents, is
6ur»-s and profits thereof.
"To have and to hold all and singular the said
premiums, together with the . appurt* nances,
unto the Fald party of th«* secona part, and to
his heirs and assipn? forever.
"In witness whereof the said party of the
first part has hereunto set !<Is luini and real,
the day and year first above written.
"Signed, pealed and delivered in the presence
cf Jf hn M. Chretien.
"JOHN SULLIVAN' 'Seal).
••State of California, City and County of Kan
Francisco, ss.
"On the 5th day cf May. A. D. One Thousand
JClre Hundred <U*00) before me, Lee D. Craig.
a Notary Public in and for the City and county
of San Francisco, State of California, residing
therein, duly commissioned and qualified, per
eon&lly appeared John Sullivan, knov.ji to me
to be the person whose name 1b subscribed to
the within instrument, and ictar..-,»de 1 ;(; that
he executed the eatne.
"In witness whereof I have hereunto affixed
rr.y hand and affixed my official seal, at my
office in the City and County of San Francisco,
the day and y»ar la this certificate flrst above
written.
"(Seal) LEE D. CRAIG. Notary Public.
"In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California."
An<! then end there v.ell knowing the eatne to
be false and forced, did then and there will
fully and unlawfully, feloniously and fraudu
lently utter, publish ar.d pass the same as gen
uine &nd true to J. J. Rauer, ali with intent
then and there to prejudice, damage and de
fraud the said J. J. Kauer, the estate of Joseph
Pullivan (deceased), the State of California and
<Ji%er"s other persons unknown to this com
plalr.ant. contrary to the form, force and ef
fect of the statute in Fuch cases made and pro
vided, and against the i>eace and dignity of
complainant, upon oath, accuses the said John
M. Chretien of having committed the said
crime: and praya that the said accused may he
brought before a magistrate ..jd dealt with
according to Jaw. THOMAS B. O1BSOX.
Subscribed and swern to before me this 12th
fiay of July. A. I).. POO. A. J. FRITZ,
Judge of the rnlioe Court of the City and
County or San Kra ncific-o.
As soon as the complaint was sworn to
Chretien was removed from the County
Jail and taken to the City Prison, where
he was formally charged and where he
ppent the night in one of the steel tanks.
Since his incarceration Chretien has de
clared that the police went to his offices.
rifled them and Inspected h!s private
papers. The police emphatically deny this
and declare that a week ago Chretien
went to his place of business and de
etrcyed all the documents which might
have any lncrlminattni; Influence upon his
cat;**. The. police have pone no further
than to station tiro men at'Chretien's of
fices, with an idea of Interrogating any
on? ¦who ml»rht apply for admipplon. ¦
The District Attorney yesterday eald
that the one charge filed against Chretien
Jn the Police Ourt did not end the work
of his office.. lie said that he would so
carefully over the evidence of the case
and see what additional offense had been
THE police authorities of this city
have followed quickly in tho wnke
of The Call in bringing to justice
the mail who found in the estates
of the intestate dead a field tor
Ill-Rotton and shameless profit. John M.
Chretien was formally accused yesterday
by Detective Thomas B. Gibson of the
crime of forgery and last night the dis
honored attorney was taken from his cell
in the County Jail to the City Prison.
where he was charged and where ho
passed the night. He will not only be
called upon to answer this accusation but
others, which District Attorney Bylnffton
declares will Inevitably follow from the
outrageous conspiracy which made of the
Probate Court of Judge Troutt a fleld for
illegitimate operations.
In this serious affair th<» personal in
tcrcrts of John M. Chretien have become
of secondary importance. The expose
made by The Ca!i has demonstrated to
the community that legal crimes are not
only possible in San Francisco, but have
actually occurred; and reputable lawyers
are unanimous in their determination to
punish the man and if possible his as
sociates fcr the crime which has cast a
reflection upon the entire fraternity. Aa
soon as practicable, therefore. Chretien
will be disbarred ar.d when he is called
upon to answer the charge of forgery of
which be is accused he will appear as a
dishonored lawyer.
Several conferences were held yesterday
by the police, the District Attorney luid
Judge Troutt. It appears that there is
some difficulty in characterizing the crime
of which Chretien has confessed himself
to be guilty. After much deliberation the
officials decided that it was best to accuse
Chretien of the crime of forgery in having
•witnessed a bogus document by which the
lictitious John Sullivan transferred to J.
J. Itauer the only real estate in the prop
erty of Joseph Sullivan, the dead tailor.
This property is worth no more than $200,
and it still is recorded in the name of Jo
ecph Sullivan, the dead man.
On May 5. 0112 day alter the decree of
distribution had been issued by Judge
Troutt. the bogus heir, who was then the
negro Robert Colthorp, transferred this
property to J. J. Kauer. the witness being
John M. Chretien. In scrutinizing the
various documents in the case the attor
neys discovered this legal transfer and
accepted it as the basis for prosecution.
Finding no encouragement in their ef
forts to prosecute the confessedly criminal
lawyer the authorities decided to take the
initiative themselves, and Detective
Thomas B. Gibson swore to the following
John M. Chretien, the Self-Con
fessed Scoundrel, Accused of
Committing Forgery.
committed by Chretien, against whom in
formation would be filed on the various
counts as they appeared to exist
The affairs of John M. Chretien there
fore are now in the hands of the police.
lie is confessedly a dishonorable attorney
who has committed a grievous crime. lie
has been charged with this offense and
ho must answer for it. He lias admitted
that in the probate court of Judge James
M. Troutt he presented a bogus heir, v.ho
v.as imposed upon the court and who re
ceived me award of the property which
did not belong to him. With Chretien
the public therefore nas no further con
cern, except u> see that he is punished
for what he has done.
Ju.ipe Troutt made a formal order yes
terday morning directing Sheriff Lack
ma:;!! to release Robert i.oltiiorp, the ne
gr<> servant and unfortunate tool of John
.»'. Chretien, the self-confessed robber of
the dead. The order was sent to the
Countv Jail and Colthorp was forthwith
released. When he went to his home, a
comfortable little place and neat as a pin.
he was met by his wife, a comely woman
past middle age. "What you been doin'
now, Ilobort?V she said, addressing her
or.inp husbamL "You been tryin' to
make an irishman out of yo'self signin'
yoself Sullivan? You done right, though.
tlobert. } ou tole the truf ana nutting but
It, wliich was jes right."
The probate scandal, which the expose
of The Call precipitated, has aroused the
legal fraternity to a high pitch of indigna
tion and excitement. Wnile nothing has
been said to indicate that Judge Troutt
has been guilty of deliberate evil-doing,
attorneys ms:si that he has been grossly
partial "in the distribution of his official
favors to a few lawyers, particularly to
his ex-partner. Martin Stevens. The
records show that Judge Troutt has ap
pointed Stevens in scores of probate
cases. Stevens has reaped througn Judge
Troutt a rich harvest In representing the
State in its collateral inheritance inter
ests.
These facts have given occasion for con
siderable comment and some scandal in
the legal fraternity. They appear to
b-ar, however, no deeper significance than
that of favoritism, while the crime of
John M. Chretien and his fellow-con
spirators has provoked the deepest indig
nation of the people of the city and the
State, whose interests may at any time
be identical with those of the dead man
whose estate was confiscated by a bogus
heir. It is true that this estate will not
be lost because of tho schemes of Chretien
.ind his associate rascals. The fact re
mains, however, that the property of the
dead was bartered by these men even be
fore Judge Troutt awarded it to a man
who represented himself to be what he
was not and who was. as The Call has
shown, simply a tool in the hands of
scheming scoundrels.
EQUALIZERS PRY INTO
JAKE RAUER'S BOOKS
Pacific Gas Improvement Company j
Granted a Reduction — Spring 1
Valley's Modest Bequest.
For the first time on record, according \
to Assessor Dodge, J. J. Rauer. the
money loaner and bad hill collector, who
bought the Sullivan estate from John
M. Chretien, has had an arbitrary as
sessment of $50oO placed on his personal
property, and he appeared before the Su
pervisors, sitting as the Beard of Equal
ization, yesterday to explain the matter
away. To his apparent surprise, he found
the Assessor and board hostile, und would
have gracefully submitted to what he was
inclined to believe was "outrageous treat
ment" — rather than have an examination,
of course — had not Dr. Dodge suggested
that the board might raise his figures if
they saw fit. The board saw fit to order
Rauer to forthwith present to them the
statement of his personal property which
he had neglected to present to the Asses
sor, and to have it ready by Monday.
Although Itauer is generally supposed
to be worth $300,000, he pays taxes upon
but a small part of that sum, and he has
never made a statement of his personal
property, as required by law. His wife
makes a statement on household effects
and his clerk fixes the value of the per
sonal effects of the Rauer Collection
Agency regularly at $100, but nothing is
ever said of the vast sums of money that
Kauer is supposed to loan out at high
rates of interest. In order to find out
something about this Assessor Dodge
made an arbitrary assessment of $5000 and
cited Rauer to appear before the Board of
Kqualization.
The Assessor smiled his blandest smile
when Rauer appeared. The money lender
looked worried, probably because his
friends have been sending him gilded
bricks through the mails, by messengers
and in other wa*s, and he had. been busy
in keeping his buggy free from them.
"How often have you made statements
of your personal property to the Asses
sor?" queried the Assessor, after Jtauer
had been sworn.
"I really can't say," was the reply, "but
right straight along. I suppose."
"I've looked over the records for some
years back and I cannot find any of
ihem," rejoined the Assessor.
Then Kauer sought to explain, in mild
tones, with eyes on the table, lie gener
ally put all his money in real estate and
made returns on chattel mortgages that
were on record. He was in debt |9WO
when the assessment was made — -
"I wish the stenographer to take this
down " interrupted Chairman Braunhart.
"I5ut 1 am satisfied if the Assessor
thinks it is all right," continued the
money lender, humbly.
Dr Dodge tnen took a hand. I have
been unable to find any of these chattel
mortgages," he said. "I am sorry to say
that I fear the Assessor has not perform
-d hi? full duty In this matter. The board
has the right to raise this assessment if
"chairman Braunhart asked the clerk to
read the section from the that
covers such cares. He informed Rauer
that the board would require of him the
"tatement which he had failed to make at
the proper time to the Assessor and
warned him to be careful in making it out.
"I am willing to make out the state
ment," replied Rauer, "and leave it here
l y 10 o'clock Monday. I thank the gen
tlemon of the board for their considera-
U AUcniev Alfred Sutro appeared before
the board' on behalf of the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company. asking _to have its
a<=s/»ssment of $1,120.0*) reduced about $C00.
(*ti He presented an elaborate table of
figures to show that 7245 shares of Central
Gaslight Company stock, included in the
assets of the Pacific Gas Improvement
Company, had been doubly assessed.
Assessor Dodge replied that he *iad al
readv discovered the mistake and reduced
the apposfiment $300,000 giving the com
pany all that was asked. He tried to have
Attorney Sutro agree to his figures, and
nnrlv every member of the board took
to 'pencil and paper. Attorney Sutro would
not be convinced, but asked to have the
matter postponed until this afternoon that
he might have more time to look Into the
Assessor's figures. The matter was so ar
ranged.
Attorney McEnerney appeared for the
Pacific Realty Company and asked that
the assessment of $1,000,003 on 33,000 shares
of Homestake Mining Company stock,
owned" by his client be canceled. ' lie
pointed out that both were California cor
porations, and he did not. consider it legal
for the stock to be assessed in that man
ner. He thought an assessment on the
franchise would be a better way of getting
at it.
"Would you consent to an assessment on
the franchise if the other assessment were
canceled without taking the matter into
the courts?" asked Assessor Dodge.
"I would," replied the attorney.
"Then I recommend the stock assess
ment be canceled und tlio company a_s-
FCFi-red $500,000 on its franchise," said
Dodge. "Is that satisfactory to you, Mr.
McEnernfy?" queried the chairman.
"Well, Id rather see it fixed at $250,000,"
was the frank reply.
The board voted to make the franchise
{500.000.
The Spring Valley Water Works peti
tioned the Board of Equalization yester
dav to reduce the assessment on Its fran
chise, which was fixed by Assessor Dodge
at J5.395.233. to $3,500,000. The corporation
represents that the value of the franchise
is represented by and included In the valu
ation of the material property, already as
eessed by the Assessor as real and per
sonal property.
DEAD HANDS MAY
PROVE HIS CRIME
JAPANESE JUGGLER PROVES
RANK FAILURE AS A WAITER
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, J~OX,Y\ 1 3, 1900.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST RECEIVED-
Another New Invoice
...OF...
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOES,
plain toes, LXV and plain heels 95.OO
LADIES' BLACK KID OXFORDS. LXV and
plain heels $1.50 to $3.00
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS.
LXV heels $4.OO $5.0<>
LADIES* TAX OXFORDS, full assortment....
91>25 to 93.OO
MEN'S TAN and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES J?."..r,«> $5.00
MEN'S TAX and PATENT LEATHER OX-
FORDS 9(4.OO f5.0O
DR.MCNULTY.
rpaiKI VVELL-KXOVVN AND KEUABI.F.OLD
T^t Z?*fS* Ben on 1'riviite Diseases and «
\\ eaUrewes of .Men.free. Over M y rV exneriencp
taUonfreeaiidMVrpdlyconadentinl. Cull oradUress
2GJ4 Kearny St., Man Francisco, C«L
Republican Leaders Cheered.
The meeting of the Bear Club ln B'nai
1875+25=1900
PEERLESS OIL Si
IS PTtEPAREI> TO StTPPLT
FUEL OIL
By the carload, in any quantity, at any r*H-
rend station.
Address Room 47, Eighth Floor, Mills Build-
Ins. San Francisco.
POPULAR PRICES.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F,
18754-15=1900
MONDAY- - - July 16,1900.
SOUVENIR
Edition In Magazine Form as Supplement to til*
DAILY COMMERCIAL HEWS.
Over 100 Pases. Profusely Illustrated, together
with the regular issue, all for -,~.c. celebrating
the twenty-nfth anniversary of the founding
of the paper. Send ln orders to
COHMnKCIAL PUBLISHING CO,
34 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO.
Ladies' tailor-made BUits, silk skirts, fur
tape*; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 526 Butter. •